eyes flashed she said: "Just wait until I
see old Don Antonio. I'll bet you I maka
him get on his knees, and he will beg me
to let him carry me out of here in, hia
arms. Why, ho will cry to change places
with me."
"I could not keep my eyes off her.""
said the Texan, "and t left the Jail as
quickly as . I could. I was afraid she
would ask me to kill the guards for her."
She Is not over 24 yeors old, 1 and though
she barely learned to reau and write at
the old log scboolhouse, she now apeak*
several languages.
of the richest old Dons in the city." She
recognized her • old - acquaintance and in
troduced him -to her ; husband. "I could
see at • a ¦ glance," said ' the .Texan, "that
the rich man was very proud of his pretty
American wife, and at the same time
awfully Jealous."
Ofl to the Calaboose.
No amount of wealth' or. luxurious sur
roundings could content this restless ad
venturess. • One day the amazed Texan
saw Elaine dragged from the deck* of a
ship In the harbor of Manzanlllo and car-
• tb*' f fi«uce'of spades. ."Only" one thin*' is
lower," he sail, "and that la hell!"
Cage : a Suicide/
- There was a flash of, flame and the re
port of i a pistol, v, Cage Horn's llfeblood
spurted out upon the i feet of the woman
.who had ruined' him. -She never lived a
. moment with the desperate" gambler who
. had "won her. Doubtless, fearing arrest
.she mysteriously disappeared in the town
,of Camargo while the excitement created
by the tragedy. on: the Elaine' prevailed - i
'.-¦ • Several years passed, , and the nama of *
the willful! girl never mentioned in
the : valley.,where :: she" was * born, v A: few .
1 days ¦ ago a ' Texan , who . returned from
Manzanillo.set every one to talking about
pretty Lane Sinkler. This man had known
.her. from childhood, and. he had seen her
and talked with her. He could tell a story
about her.' that I was* little | less I interesting
than .many, that had been, told ~ before.
When the Texan saw her for the first time'
in > the i beautiful • city of ' Guadalajara she-*
was seated in a fine carriage and she fair
ly sparkled with gold and brilliant gems. *
• ¦ "Nqver," - aays ¦ the Texan, V.'had - 1 - seen
any, mortal so marvelously beautiful. Sbe '¦.
did not look a day j older = than *. when • a '
schoolgirl." She captured all hearts. Age
had 'improved; her irresistible: charms of «
face and form. She was, the wife- o£oa«
paradise that sing in Aer native moun
tains. In the picturesque language of
Texas, Cage Horn "went all the gaits." ¦
He might have played better, for he
was no ordinary gambler, but clear
through the b^'st carrts that he picked up
he frequently saw jail doors and.. a* prison
cell. He lost heavily; The dancing hud
ended, but the game continued and* the
stakes were high. As morning approached
the desperate young man drew nearer to
»ward Inevitable ruin. There were now
but two men at the table. One was a no
torious Mexican monte- dealer, by name
Alva Lugo, -and the other was Cage Horn.
Though they affected carelessness, the
two accomplished gamblers watched each
other with the eyes of eagles. When" Horn
found himself with good cards he thoujrht
that the opportune moment had come for
him to retrieve his previous bad fortune
by a bold stroke. He bet at the Mexican
like a bulldog, and when, the game rascal
came back at him with a big pile of glit
tering gold he. pulled his -mustache for "a
moment, and simply said, "The > Elaine,
from flagstaff to rudder!" ... >-,;
Bet Two Elaines.
He felt a light touch on his shoulder
and he looked Into the bright eyes of the
Texa» beauty. He lost the stolen steam
boat and he was about to arise from the
table, when the smiling -Mexican said:
"You have one more chance, senor. There
are two Elalnes. It would be inartistic to
separate them— they match so ; well.-: Let
us cut the cards to determine who shall
own them both."; ;¦ -•-.;.- .•¦¦¦<: ¦ -:---L~ . .:-';?••;¦••;
Horn was about to reach 'for, his? gun,
but the cold, masterful woman at his. el
bow stopped him." "Am I; not your mas
cot?", she said.' "Let us be game to the
core. Cage." Before 'either realized Ithe
desperate girl's meaning she sprang upon
the table.' . "Now, Cage, gamble with your
heart,"she said. -The inan'was'dumb and
his face was colorless,, but i he "cut '. the
cards with a steady hand and turned up
She soon got tired- of riding up and
down the bayou, and, being always eager
for adventure, she persuaded her lover to
steal the steamboat. He was first amazed
at the audacity of her proposal, but. find
ing himself short of funds and in fear that
otherwise he might lose the beauty, he
finally assented to her plans. After writ
ing his father that business had fallen off
In the bayou. Cage Horn took advantage
of a dark night and. slipping the cables
of the Creole, he steamed slowly, along the
Texas coast.
The Rio Grande river trade happened. to
be particularly .good when the ¦ Elaine,
with many streamers flying and a brass
band on her roof, started on her'- first
voyage against the current of the Bravo.
Several crimes had been committed in
completing this bold and daring transac
tion, not the least of which was -the for
gery of certain maritime papers. While
the Elaine was lying at the wharf at Ca
margo Cage Horn learned that -serious
trouble awaited him at Brownsville,; and
he began to make frequent visits to the
glided bar. There was music and dancing
in the cabin, and Elaine appeared to be
as cay and happy as one of the birds of
Got Him to Steal the Steamboat.
and prettiest of these floating palaces was
called the Creole. During a short era of
good feeling that prevailed between Cage
Horn and his father tlie young man was
permitted to take the Creole Into Atcha
• falia Bayou and' see if he could not be
have himself and better his fortunes. Ho
might have S.one so, but he was now com
pletely In the power of the latest wonder
in silks and diamonds. He could not leave
her for weeks or a day, for the restless
beauty was not to be trusted. A dozen
young bloods were ready to fall at her
feet. The girl has always said she loved
Cage Horn, or she would not have fol
lowed him away from the gay city where
she was a recognizea queen of a set who
¦ placed everything at her command.
ried to JafL Beginning her remarkable
career by eloping with the father of her
husband, she had probably ended It by
eloping with the son of another husband*
Given a few moments more time and the.
guilty pair would have escaped to South,
America, for. the vessel they had boarded
was just ready to sail: Tho infatuated
youth had forged his father's name, and
they Lad. a. small trunk full of the old
. man s gold. The old Don was furious and
tX. V* of * hem . be sa!d. "must tx» pun
ished to the end of the. law"
mSi*hJ? n l f 2 r * her - old acaualntanea,
and when she had read the newspaper*
giving an account of her latest adventure
_»h« snapped her . fingers, aud while her
ELAINE SnCCUUR. though bom in
a log cabin and raised to girlhood
In on© of the poorest mountain re
- gions of Western Texas, had a
pretty name and a pretty face' to begin
life with. Even a* a barefooted child run
ning along the country lanes with a First
Reader in her hands she was a coquette.
When she was about 16 she realized that
she had a fpee that every man instantly
fell In love with. All she needed was fine
clothes and Jewels. These were all far be
yond her reach. She could never earn
money enough to buy them by picking
cotton or sewing for the neighbors. Why
could she not be a female Jack Sheppard?
The thought no sooner entered her mind
than she acted upon it. Procuring a suit
of boy's clothing and a gun she slipped
out Into a lonely woods pasture by the
roadside and waited for the Fredericks
burg stage. She well knew the sickly old
man who drove the coach, and she hal
not the least fear that he would offer any
resistance. When she stepped out In the
road and cried "Halt:" after the manner
it was done in the books she had read,
Ehe was surprised to see bjjw readily the
frightened driver obeyed her orders. Ho
threw out the mail bag and the express
box, and in tones that nearly made her
laugh he told her that he had a ilttla
money In his pocketbook.
"Throw it on the mail bag." she said,
"and don't you mention that you have
been robbed till you get to town or I will
kill you to-morrow sure."
Five- Year Mystery.
Five years passed before the mystery of
that ftape robbery was made plain to the
people of that community. Who wouid
ever have thought of such a piece of dar
ing and deviltry, on the part of a little
country girl?
After *ome weeks bad-, passed "Lane
Sinkler." as she was called In those early
days of her career, disappeared for a
Khort time. Her mother said that her
daughter had gone on a visit to an aunt la
Christl. When the little beauty
returned she was dressed, as her admirers
eaid. "to kill." Her rich relations, so re
port had it. had treated her nicely.
A banker's son w.as the iirst victim of
her seductive charms. Doubtless sh« at
first thought that she would be contented
with the comforts and luxuries that would
naturally come to her as the wife of this
rich young man; but the soon grew tired
of h'.rn and the parental restraint placed
on his Income. They went on a bridal trlD
to New Orleans, and she wanted to con
tinue It to Europe. When the prudent
young husband protested against making
Buch a long and costly journey sh*
feigned sickness in order to remain longer
in the Crescent City. The old banker In
Texas honored bis son's drafts until he
rot tired, and th*n oe.went over to New
Orleans to see what kept the bridal pair
£0 long.
Snared the Father.
His head was as white as snow. He was
a. deacon in a church and bad a wife
and several children, but he had not been
In New Orleans long before he was com
pletely in the power of the marvelouslv
beautiful young girl who had married his
eon. Infatuated bcvoid all control and
doubtless to some extent insane, he looted
h'.s own bank, and after making some ex
cuse to send his son home in great haste,
promising to follow by easy stages with
the sick girl, he fled to Europe.
Several weeks passed before the people
of Western Texas couid be made to com
prehend tha't Deacon Slocum had actually
eloped with his son's bride. The report
finally was confirmed by a reliable cattla
man, who had seen the crazy old banker
and the smiling siren together in a hotel
In Chicago, i The old women of the town
said "That Lane Sinkler is a witch." Men
who had barely escaped the witchery of
¦ her dreamy dark eye* were inclined to
think that she had mastered the art or
ecler.ee of hypnotism.
About six months passed before the dis
• honored old banker returned to his home.
He came bareheaded, footsore and clothed
In rags. His» old wife was a good woman,
and she took him In and gave him food
and drink. He had walked a part of the
way over rough roads to get home, and
after a time it leaked out that he had
passed coal on a tramp of the ocean to
pay his passage across the Atlantic Forty
thousand dollars was no money to a girl
that wanted everything that glittered.
That was the amount the old man had
drawn from his own hank. They saw
London and Rome and Paris together.
Deserted "Papa" in Paris.
In gay Parl3 Elaine seems to have mads
acquaintances rapidly. One fine evening
che rede away from her hotel In a car
riage with a flash-looking: young man who
hardly noticed the old Texas banker. "Be
pood, papa." the said. "I may not come
hack to-night." She never did conte back.
The crazy old Texan searched for her for
many days, and when he found that the
police and the polite younp man about the
American Consulate were inclined to
laugh at him it suddenly dawned upon
him that he was far away from home and
mother, with very little money left in his
pocket*. Another man would have thrown
himself In the Seine, but the word suicide
•was not in the vocabulary for this Texan.
One would have thought that the girl
would have stayed away from her old
home, but she came back to Blanco
County, descending* upon her native vil
lare a sunburst of feminine charms,' made
more radiant, dazzling and irresistible by
wondrous auxiliaries of ribbons, silks and
rparkling diamonds. She built a fine
house for her mother, and like a dutiful
daughter she placed a handsome sum to
the old' lady's credit In a bank. What
bank, did you ask? Why, the same bank
she had plundered, and doubtless it was a
portion of the tame money that the in
fatuated old man had drawn from the
vault* or.ly a few months previously. A
lawyer could not have done this more
adroitly. There was no loophole in the
transaction." The money was' safe, and at
the command of the strange girl's mother.
Took Up "With a Spendthrift.
Texas was glad to see her go. and New
Orleans welcomed her once more- Her
next exploit is without a parallel in the
history of crime. A notorious : young
ependthrlft, by name Cage Horn, who had
for several years divided his time between
the pilot bouse and the gambling: saloon
"of a magnificent steamboat, became In
fatuated with the Western beauty. This
young reprobate's father was a multi
millionaire. He owned several fine ships
and a dozen or more steamboats - that
were running on various rivers and bay
cus In Southern waters. One of the fastest
SUNDAY
CALL
MANY MEN BEWITCHED BY THIS SIREN
FROM THE BACKWOODS
OF TEXAS• In 1791 Hay tl was led into a revolution
by L'Ouverture and threw off the French
yoke. In the next year Paris adopted the
guillotine, and the streets were rtd with
the blood of the Communists. Then al
most all of Europe entered into a coali
tion against France. At Toulon the. Brit
ish were " beaten by Napoleon, • then a
minor officer In the French artillery, and
thus the -way opened to his military
greatness. Kosclusko in 1794 led an up
rising against the armies of Russia.
Prussia and Austria, but it was lost In
the mightier campaigns of Napoleon, with
whose deeds the eighteenth century came
to an end, leaving the name of Napoleon
in everybody's mouth.
Tho nineteenth century has been one of
the bloodiest of history, and it has been
going out in a. manner typical of all the
othejrs. The situation of the United States
holding , territories that were Spanish in
1838 is suggestive of tho trend of the war
From that time on until long after the
century was ended France was In a tur
moil. Austria and Russia combined
against Turkey, the Austrian Netherlands
were in revolt, England sent out an army
to conquer Tlppoo Sahib, and the Swedish
fleet sent some of the famous vessels of
th« Russian navy to the bottom.
was in the toils of another revolution. In
1789 this storm- of unrest swept the French
capital with revolution. The Bastile was
stormed on July 14. and the people invaded
the palace at Versailles, howling for tha
blood of. Louis. .
1789-90— French Revolution. •
. 1792— Commune formed. ' " : 2'\
1795— France conquers Hoi- •
• land. : >' \
Napoleon defeats Boy- •
..'\alists. \
Two uprisings in Paris. .
1796— Napoleon begins Ital- >
. ian campaign. * !
1797 — Pope forced to terms. •
.Napoleon returns . to j
Paris. . •
1799— Napoleon's ' campaign |
in Holy Land. ' '.
* France first power of •
the world." \
.O'te Napoleon made First ;
.Consul. . :¦ ?S'
Asia, Turkey was at war. with Russia,
and ¦ Russia was warring with Sweden.
The. Anti-Orange party ; in f Holland was
crushed out by Prussia.', George III of
England was in a madhouse, and England
In the next few years troubles came to
many nations. The English and Dutch
fleets met the French fleet and sent it to
the bottom. American colonies were dis
turbed by. witches and burned them at
the stake. England attacked the French
coast and spent a year in the attack. »
Then Peter. the Great attacked the en
croaching Turk at Azor and beat him
back with heavy losses. The: brief "war
of Spanish succession" followed, j Russia.*
Poland and Denmark •¦ were . combined
against Sweden at this ¦ time, and Peter "
the Great was defeated at Narva, ' ¦
America had wrested her -Independence
from ¦ the British • Government '¦ before the I
eighteenth century. wan near its close,' but
Europe* was: In the tolls of war, as. was
CENTURIES ALWAYS CLOSE IN CRIMSON
the persecutions of tha Huguenots and in
Piedmont the crusade against the Wal
densca were leading up to the crisis that
began with 1600. • ¦ . , „:
In America the Colonies had unseated
Governor Edmund Andros. In New York
a revolution had been started by Jacob
Seialer, for which he was afterward
hanged. Pirates had stripped the coast of
Peru of its. gold stores.
Then, at Beachy Head, the French fleet
defeated the English. .Catlnot, in Savoy,
and then Orangenjen, at the Boyne, won
victories,' and in New. York the" French
and Indians destroyed Scheriectady. There
was war in Ireland, ending at the fall of
Limerick, and fpllowlng it the Principality
of Baden whipped the TurkB at Salanka
men. .
1695 — England and Prance at
. war.
1696— Peter the Great defeats
the Turks.
1607 — French take Barcelona.
1700 — War of Spanish succes
sion. ''Xip"-'":
Russia, Poland, Ben
mark and Sweden at
war.
T7 T has been remarxea as tna way or ma
I centuries to go in blood. This was ei
ii peclally true of the . seventeenth j and
eighteenth centuries, and in the pres
ent one may see on all sides- the disposi
tion of the world's people toward blood.
For fifteen years before the close of the
seventeenth century Europe and Eastern.
Asia' were warring, and even In the new
America there were unrest and apprehen
sion. These years were among the blood
iest in England's history. The Insurrec
tions and persecutions of the reipn of
James II; the Invitation; of. the common
people for William of Orange to come and
rule them: "William's war on Louis XIV
of France, all were manifestations , of a
more than local disaffection. In Franco
In China men have affected to see the
cause of that coming world war* which so
many men, looking forward, have expect
ed and : foretold. The . situation 13 less
strained now than It was two months aeo
but the war spirit of the world seems to
ht> oolx sleeping.— Chicago Tribune.
1 In South Africa the Boers have been
compelled to give up the unequal strug
gle with. Great Britain, but only after
both Bides have lost. heavily in money and
men. > ¦ .
spirit at this end of the nineteenth cen-
18»s_Blowing up of th«
Maine.
War between the
. United States and
t Dewey at Manila,
- Sampson at Santiago.
Surrender of Spanish
army.
1899— War between the
United States and
Filipinos.
1900— British-Boer "war.
"War in Philippines.
\ Allied powers in China.
A small boy was ready to -start on a
long-promised week's visit to his grand
father's In the country, says Harper's
Magazine. There was an exasperating de
lay In tbe appearance of the carriage tu
take him to the station. The young man
worked off his impatience in various an
noying ways for half an hour, then sud
denly he was seen to 'kneel beside a chair
In the corner and bury his face In his
hands. After a few minutes his mother
said: *t
"Well, Kenneth, what are you doing?"
"Just getting my prayers saM up fer
while Tm going to b« out to grandpa's.
There's nothing to do here, and I 'spect
to be pretty busy while I'm there." U.'J,
Mistress (astounded)— You can't read,
Norah? Good gracious! how did you «v«r
learn to cook so well? H^gl
New Cook— Shure, mum, 01 lay It f'not
beln* able t" rado th' cook-book*.—Brook
lyn Life. *•
he therefore formed a commission of Car
-
dlnals, to which he entrusted the adminis
tration of all the possessions of the Holy
See. At the head of this commission he
placed Cardinals Mocennl and Rampolla,
and, with their co-operation, he started
anew in the work of saving money and
investing the. surplus of the papal reve
nues in safe securities for the benefit of
his successors.
The daily expenses of the Holy Sea
amount, as shown by the statement above,
to about 53000. This includes the per
sonal expenses of the Pope, the sala
ries of the Cardinals residing in Curia,
the support of the nuncios and the lega
tions abroad, the running expenses of the
Vatican and the charities distributed
every year by the Popo in Rome and
throughout Italy. One million dollars a
year does not seem a very large expend
S. Interest accruing from previous in
vestments. This is a large item and is
principally the result of wise investments
during the reign of the present Pope, His
Immediate predecessor. Plus IX, accumu
lated during the last few years of his
reign a rum cf about $5,000,000 which he
had Invested in securities to provide for
a need that might arise In the reign of
eorne one or more of his successors.
The loss of the temporal power in 1S70.
with the consequent diminution of the
revenues of the Holy See, the uncertainty
of the amount of Peter's pence and the
enormous expenses of the Vatican Coun
cil,'during which he had to provide board
and traveling expenses for nearly every
Bishop In the world, led Plus IX to create
this contingent fund for tha possible fu
ture needs of his successors.
Unfortunately, however, the administra
tion of all these millions was then centered
In the hands of a certain per-
Eon, Monslgnor Folchi, who had
carte blanche *a regard* the se
lection of the securities and bonds
In which they 'were to be Invested. The
money was at first wisely Invested in gilt
edged securities, but several Italian poli
ticians and speculators talked Monslgnor
Folchi into selling them In order to place
the sum realized into fourth-rate Italian
enterprises. The result was that in less
than three months the whole J5.000.000 dis
appeared In the financial crash which
swallowed Crlspi and the Banco Romano.
This made Leo XIII realize tbe necessi
ty of KivinK the administration of the pa
pal funds Into the hands of several highly
trusted members of the Roman court, and
2. All donations and gifts presented to
the Pope for personal use by the people
from all quarters of the globe to whom
he grants private audience. The Income
from this source Is generally considered
the private property of the Pope, and it
greatly Increases on the occasion of Jubi
lees and special anniversaries. *
L Peter's pence, which consists of the
contributions sent by the faithful in all
parts of the world. This great source of
revenue was devised by the late Cardinal
Manning of London after the Pope lost
the revenues which came to him when he
enjoyed temporal pow.er. Now a special
collection is taken In every Catholic
church annually for this purpose, the
timounts being brought to Rome by each
Bishop at the time of hi» visit ad llmina.
Millions are thus collected every year,
but. as has been said, the amount this
past year was greater than in any pre
vious year of Leo XIII's reign. •
Total U.C39.000
It will be seen from the above state
ment that a handsome balance remains
In the papal treasury as a result of the
Income of the holy year. It will be seen
that the. Income of the Pope comes from
three different sources:
years and Is physically somewhat feeble;
Hl» apartments are on. the top floor of the
Vatican, Immediately over those occupied
by Cardinal Rampolla, which in turn are
directly over the rooms occupied by the
Pope. It is not easy for a man approach
lnr M years of age to climb up stairs, eo
when he took possession of his apart
ments In the Vatican Cardinal Mocennl
had an American elevator erected In the
court of EL Damaso and by Its means he
reaches his rooms with a minimum of ef
fort. It is the first elevator ever erected
la the Vatican, and Is used only by the"
Pope and the Cardinals. It Is to placed
that" carriages can drive direct to its en
trance.
Cardinal Mocennl is one of the most
popular Cardinals In the curia. He has
lived in Rome for many years and is In
great favor with the populace of the city.
The amount of money which he handles
for the Pope In ordinary years Is enor
mous, but in 1300, holy year, the Papal re
ceipts were Increased fully $1,500,000. and
the total tmount which passed through
Cardinal Mocennl's hands was not far
from $4,500,000. The greater part of this
enormous income is "Peter's pence." In
ordinary years this amounts to about
$1,000,000. but the greatly increased inter
est in the church In holy year was respon
f'.ble for a great Increase In the total
amount of offerings to this fund. Ap
proximately stated, the Pope's income last
year was as follows:
Income from real ert«-t« in Italy and
abroad - * ««.«»
Inocme from *ums invested In »ecur!-
Oh, etc 1.2W.0O0
Fp»c1al donations and glftt 500.0V)
rptpr'n pence 1.600.000
Total J4.S75.OO0
The exppn.-e account of the holy father
does not nearly approach this" sum. It
consists principally of salaries of Cardi
nals, envoys, attendants and household
expenses, divided somewhat as follows:
Fa!ar1es of Cardinal!" and envoy*.. .• 1 J00.W)
Vatiran ruardis and (rendarmes ". TJ.5"0
Army ofn<-or* in."">
rapM servant* W1 °
Prelates in attendance JS.OOfl
library, museum, irallerles. etc ».«W
Ifnufehold. garden and stable expenses. 77.0^0
Hxpenees of Secretary or State CO.nno
IVreonal expense of the Pope tWO
r.epairs at Bt. Peter's. Rome 130,W>0
Oiarltie. «.«•
Contingent expenditures and losses 53.0<">3
affairs.
While not « old a man as the holy
father. Cardinal Mocenni is advanced in
be called the financial minister of the
church, for he It is who has charge of the
Investment of the large sums which come
to the papal treasury, and although he
has no absolute authority as to the dis
position of the money, the Pope himself.
with the advice of his Secretary of State,
making all final decisions regarding It, all
the funds paea through his hands, and he
enjoys the rare distinction of living In the
Vatican in order that be may exercise di
rect supervision over the Pope's financial
ROME. Jan. 13.— If a number of peo
ple were asked to name the five
men In the world who had tha
• largest five Incomes not one In a
dozen would Include in the list Leo XIII,
Pope of Rome, and yet there 1» probably
no man In the world whose Income last
year amounted to to large a sum as dW
the Pope's. It Is true that no statement
cf hl» receipts Is Riven out at the Vatican,
but It Is very easy to estimate from cer
tain known facts and gain a fairly accu
rate Idea of the pontifical budget during
th« holy year. Besides tbe Pope himself
probably not more than two men know
the exact amount of the papal income.
One of these Is Cardinal Rampolla, the
papal Secretary of State, and the other
Cardinal Mocennl. the man who has the
actual handling of the money.
Cardinal Mocennl might with propriety
The proceeds of these sales went-' to
Increase the private fund of the Holy
Father. It was formerly his custom to
keep his personal money hidden In a
'wooden box behind tbe book shelves in
his private study, but not long ago $63,000
which he had placed in this box mysteri
ously disappeared. This led the Pope to
realize that more modern methods for th-J
care of his money were advisable and a
burglar-proof eafe, of which he alono
knows the combination, has recently been
Installed in his apartments.
ANTONIO PABRLANO.
The Pope has. however, a personal for
tune which is derived from, the gifts pre
sented personally to him by his admirers.
Large additions to his private Income are
occasionally made by the safe of all pre
cious articles which accumulate from tlmo
to time. In 1SS9, when Le"o XIII celebrated
hl3 episcopal jubilee, many thousand dol
lars' worth of Jewelry and other precious
articles were presented to him and shown,
to the public at an exhibition In the Vat
ican. All the magnificent church vest
ments, chalices, monstrances, pixes and
sacred vessels of silver and gold bava
feince found their way to poor churches
and convents, but the numerous articles of
Jewelry and loose gems have been dis
posed of by Monslgnor Marzolinl. tho
Pope's confidential secretary, at private
sale.
Leo XIII has certainly succeeded In sav
ing more money than Pius IX left at his
death, and It Is estimated that the close
cf the holy year the contingent fund of
the Holy See amounted to at least $30.
000,000. This Immense fortune Is care
fully protected against any claim that
might be advanced -by the family of the
Pope after his death. This is necessary,
for at the death of 'a pope It is customary
for his nearest blood relations to take pos
eesslon of all articles of value found in
his apartments. Another factor is the
Italian Government, which la said to-be
ready to lay hands upon whatever pontif
ical property it can, even as it did upon
the property of the religious orders.
In another way tbe present Pope's ex
penses are less than w?r? those of h!s
immediate predecessor. When Leo XTTt
was elected each of th« Cardinals reeelve.l
a salary of $4500 annually from the Vat
ican. One of his first acts was to Issue
a decTfe providing: that only those Car
dinals who resided In C.ur!a and who did
not enjoy the revenues of a diocese wero
to draw this allowance from the Papal
treasury. Under the present admln'strn
tlon many other economical measures
have been Introduced. Ttie salaries of a
great number, of prelates .have been re
duced, the'number of 'Vatican employes
srreatly diminished, and the contributions
for schools'-'and ¦ colleges In the pontifical
states a*nd in Rome reduced. For tht*
latter purpose Leo XIII has commanded
.tho more wealthy religious orders to fur
nish funds. • It Is for this reason that
the Carthusian monks pay $200,000 a year
out of the Income which they derive from
the sale of th<» famous Chartreuse for
the support. of the French College of San
ta Clara In Rome, and the Benedictine:*
have been obliped to build and support
at their own expanse, the new university
of St. Anselmo in the same city.
Leo XIII has been somewhat of a dis
appointment to the Roman populace.
They look upon him as avaricious and pe
nurious, because ther were used to the
open handedness and generosity of Plu*
IX. when he still possessed the Papal
states, and tlie present Pontiff is very dif
ferent. Very little of Leo Xin> Income
Is ever expended by him upon his own
person— In fact, his present hobby is econ
omy, and only a short time a«rr» he grreatly
astonished his chief gardener by ordering
that all the produce ?nd fruit raised !r:
the Immense grounds snrround!n«r th»»
pontifical ralace should be sold in fho
public market of Rome, so as to obtain
the money, necessary for their improve
ment. •
It Is stated on the highest "authority
'that since 15S3 Leo XIII has been abte to
invest some years as high an J3.000.000 and
that the annual amount bo placed run*
much less than $1,000,000. Most of tho
money rests In British bonds and securi
ties and the income from them already
reaches a very high figure.- Owing to tha
fluctuations of . the financial market.
American Industrial securities, although
they pay large dividends, are avoided by
tho»e who have th© placing of the Pope's
money, but a large amount of the Invest
ed funds is in American Government
bonds, which are in the possession of Car
dinal Mocennl.
The money that remains of the Papa*
revenues, after paying the expenses of th»
Holy See. are regularly Invested In for
eign bonds and securities. Once or twic^
a year Monselgnor Mery del Val. tha
Pope's confidential agent, or some highly
trusted prelate, like Monslgnor Stoner.
but never an Italian, by the way. is sent
to London with the available funds and
they are deposited In th* Bank of Eng
land In th« name of tha Pope. The offi
cials of the bank' advla« the Popo as to
the safest and best securities In which to
Invest the money and It Is usually placed
In English and American bond*. Som*
time asro it was proposed to form an
American committee, with Cardinal Gib
bons at the head, to receive money to b*
Invented In the name of the Pope, and to
place it in American securities according
to the best Judgment of Its. members, but
for some reason the nlan. although it had
the approval of the Pope, was never car
ried out.
account for a man with an Income of
over four millions.
THE* SUNDAY CALL.
2
THE POPES YEARLY INCOMEThe Bank of Spain holds $3,000,000 mort *
gold than It held a year ago.
conceal facts and disguise their senti
ments.
Oblique eyes, like tho.se <i the Chinese
and Japanese, are ¦ ke*>!> Hcrl, tactful,
quick, artful and alert.
The drooping of the upper lid Is a sign
of strong desire" to accumulate property
of all sorts. Persons with this eye will not
only work hard to acquire money, but
also knowledge, position, power and
friends. They are often talented and are
usually fond of games of chance. ,
The eyebrows also are full of meaning.
A clear, thick, overshadowing eyebrow,
free from bushiness, Is 'always the certain
sign of., good,, sound, manly, mature-un
derstanding, though the owner of it is sel
dom very original or bold, aspiring or ad
venturous in disposition. Horizontal eye
brows, rich and clearly defined, always
denote understanding," combined with
coldness of heart and great capacity, for
framing plans. Wild eyebrows , are; never
found over the __ eyes of a mild person,
while . eyebrows waving above the >. eyes,
short and thick, signify /capacious mem
ory, flexible; Ingenuous and mild good na
ture. Arched : eyebrows , show the person
to be proud, bold, high-spirited and vain
glorious. Eyebrows with short, light hair
generally denote a timid, credulous dispo
sition, and such a person is apt to under
take more ' than he can perform. Black
and thinly covered eyebrows signify that
the individual will do^ nothing without
much consideration.
To Tead , character in the • hair, texture
as well as ; color; must be observed. The
finer the hair the gentler the birth or the
higher grade of : family stock. People
with the hair as flne v as silk are of very
refined tastes, of artistic temperament,
but inclined to be moody and changeable,
They ' are apt to be happy one day and
depressed the next, but cheerful spirits
predominate. .. They are easily influenced
by those they like. / They, usually reach
success In" art, music or ' literature— Emer-J
son and Longfellow, for instance— and are
fine ; managers, because they- generally
possess 'energy and adaptability.' A'per
son of common ..extraction seldom has
very fine hair. The locks of such a per
son may be a crown of glory In | quantity
and color, j but '• never . in \ quality. \ Curly
halr.means that the n owner has inherent
grace, and poetic ease of the body. The
closer, the ends of the hair cllrig together
the more intellectuality; does the owner
possess. * Jonathan Edwards and ' Audubon
had such ha'?.
People with fine black hair are nigh
strung, while those with coarse black
hair, if they are smart, are nearly always
mean. Men or women with dark hair
are more tempestuous than those with
light hair. The dark eyes and com
plexions that go with the different shades
of dark brown and black hair denote
strong feelings. Black hair that is
coarse and lusterless. in nine cases out
ten hides a' treacherous and jealous na-
The lighter the hair the more sensitive
and touchy the owner, except In rare
cases, where the person ' enjoys perfect
health. Brown hair indicates common
sense; good i: judgment and . reason. Men
with fine, light hair are, as a rule, smart
and assertive. Men with fine brown hair
are quick, thoughtful and less apt to be
selfish than their very light or very dark
haired - brothers. .Women with pale
blonde ; hair, of -the colorless, ashy* kind,
are impulsive and. changeable;; those with
dark brown hair thereverse. -
People with very light hair and fine red
hair generally succeed; in anything they
attempt.' They are Invariably well man
nered . and ; know : how. to > charm, but can
be .quarrelsome, selfish '.and Irritable at
times."-... .Those -with rich, dark-red hair
are more . amiable in - every way.- ¦ -
GIL.SON WILLETS.
When the eye is straight, finely arched,
clear, transparent and modest, there will
be found a frank, hopeful disposition, one
easily approached, sensitive and respon
sive. Persons with narrow, half-closed
eyes are more reserved, watchful of dan
ger and cautious. There is a self-restraint
In their expressions and a disposition to
A person with a bright eye has naturally
a large power of possible development.
The bright-eyed one may be stupid, but it
Is because of lack of development and not
of any dearth . of natural powers. The
hopeless eye Is the large, placid, oxlike
orb,.
Gray eyes with a greenish tint are indi
cative of much intellectuality. They ara
especially Indicative of Impulsive, Impres
sionable temperaments— a mixture of the
sanguine and bilious — which produce- -the
poetic and artistic natures. The gray eye
Is an almost universal characteristic of
men and women of great' Intellect. Shake
speare had deep gray eyes, which were re
markable for their near approach to blue.
Up to the death of the poet the original
color remained. Lord. Byron had the gray
eye of the poet. Coleridge also had gray
eyes, but, like Shakespeare and Byron,
the gray was at times, and under mental
excitement particularly, tinted with an
other color.
CHARACTER IN EYES AND HAIR
The pleasant, light blue eye . with the
honest glance, must not be confounded
with another sort of eye of a pale blue,
almost steel-colored hue, which has a con
tinually shifting sort of motion both of
the eyelids and the pupils. Such eyes are
indicative of a doubtful and selfish nature.
Very dark blue eyes with something of
the tint of the violet show great power of
affection and purity of mind, but it is re
marked of these that the possessor of
such eyes is seldom a person of much
intellectuality. It Is the universal opinion
that blue eyes are more significant of
tenderness, and of «. certain yielding of
purpose, than either the brown, black or
gray eyes.
The clear, light blue eyes of Americans,
with 1 a calm steadfastness in their glance,
are Indicative of a cheerful disposition, of
a serene temper and of a constant nature.
In Judging character by the eyes the
color, the brightness or dullness, and the
rhape must be considered. The colors
• most common to the eyes — brown, gray,
blue, hazel and black, or what is called
black— are seldom found In all the purity
of the Individual color. Regarding the
black eye. like the Spaniard's, it la dis
taoce only that makes .it appear to bo
purely mack, ror the rea'son that the deep
yellow brown color in in such strong con
trast to the white of the eye that the pupil
always appears black. There are also
eyes of bo bright a hazel as to seem al
most yellow, and there are eyes that bear
but the often-reiterated remark concern-
Ing "green-eyed Jealousy." for they are,
to all appearances, positively green. They
are sometimes beautiful when shaded with
long dark eyelashes, but they are not
indicative of a good disposition, and be
long particularly to a person of Jealous
temperament.
Intensity of feeling is to be found In
the man or woman who possesses black
eyes. Aaron Burr had -such eyes. The
brown eye, when not of the yellowish
tint, but pure russet brown, shows an af
fectionate disposition, .and the darker the
brown — that is, the more they verge on to
that deepest of brown color In eyes we
are In the habit of calling black— the
more ardent, while It is agreed that the
affection of persons with black eyes Is
most lasting of all.
person's eye his temperament, his
mood or amount of intelligence may be
read, while the ha!r reveals the degree of
birth and breeding, and is a barometer
of a person's health and mental condition.
New York.
" ITHER the eyes or the hair can be
relied upon as a reasonably ac
_ curate Index to character. In a
(Copyright, 1500. by the Christian Herald,
Those who intend to put this simple cold
cure in practice, and it is a remedy for
many another evil, should remember that
water ufken with meals does not count at
all. or if It does it is rather to be added
to the side of the enemy. It must be'
taken before breakfast and again just be
fore retiring, and a whole quart must be
sipped within say three-quarters of an
hour. If cold water chills one, the tem
perature may be raised a little until this
difficulty Is overcome. Some good cheap
distilled water Is best where there Is any
question of the purity of the water sup
ply.
Of course, any system of living which
builds up a well-nourished body is Inimi
cal to colds as well as other forms of dis
ease. Cold water taken In this manner
simply washes the stomach, carrying off
the Injurious acids which generate there
and which, allowed to circulate through
the blood, impoverish It. thereby weaken
ing the vitality of the person. After wash-
Ing the blood clean as It were, the next
thing is to Induce circulation. This Is
done by means of the vigorous currying,
which besides bringing tne blood to the
surface to resist external chill, also opens
the pores, allowing Impurities to escape.
Then the dally bath finishes the work.
This she dtd and the cold failed to ma
ture and, although she has frequently left
undone those things which she ought to
have done, and vice versa, and paid a pen
alty proportionate to her carelessness, she
has never since suffered from a really vio
lent cold.
the next meal and substitute a quart of
water. You can't take cold unless you get
into condition for it."
The cold water was easily managed and
soon became Indispensable, but at. first
the horse brush seemed to tear the sensi
tive skin. Having absolute confidence In
her physician, however, the patient per
sisted, at first barely touching the bris
tles to her body. Within a few weeks
slie was not'only able to do the currying
most vigorously, but really anticipated It
with pleasure. The signs of the first win
ter cold drove her In haste to the doctor.
The great man of medicine refused to sup
ply her with drugs. He questioned her
as one would a child as to leaving her
windows open at night, as to drinking
water, regularly and taking her exercises,
upon ; a.11 of .which she passed a fair ex
amination. He said: "Then, you have
been' Indulging in holiday overeating.
Whenever - you eat a heavy rich dinner,
and let it be as seldom as possible, omit
claims to have attained immunity
by the use of pure cold water as a medi
cine and an ordinary horse brush for cur
rying as a morning and evening exercise.
Owing to a severe nervous breakdown she
was obliged to consult a New York physi
cian famous for his original and simple
methods of treatment. After laying down
the law on the subject of diet and fresh
air, he said: "You will also, go to some
big department store and purchase for 33
cents a horse brush, with which you will
give your whole body a thorough rubbing
each morning before you bathe. As soon
as. you rise you will fill a quart. pitcher
with drinkinc" water and sip It slowly
while dressing. At night do the same
thing over again, omitting, of course, the
bath."
TO KEEP FROM CATCHING COLD
*jf& WOMAN who for years suffered
/lJ\ from violent colds which several
IT p times threatened to end fatally
La France roses, large and closely
bunched at the shoulder, are most worn.
The flowers grow smaller and fewer to
ward the end of the trailing garniture,
and very much green is used with the
roses, making a graceful and natural
looking floral vine,
off, almost reaching the hem of the skirt.
Sometimes they are caught In at the
waist or crossed over to the right and to
tha left, hanging from there.
Most effective of all are the long trail
ing vines and garlands of roses. These
garnitures start at the left shoulder and
extend to a little below the belt or trail
wreaths, tiny June roses being the favor
ite. These are extremely pretty for out
lining the simple round low neck of a bod
ice. The wreaths extend entirely around
the neck of the gown and are fastened on
the left shoulder with a bunch of the
same flowers.
with evening gowns, and a woman's fa
vorite frocks are generally those which
show posies as the chief adornment.
But it is the introduction of a novel dis
posal of them that appeals strongly to the
feminine eye. The arrangement must,
however, be both graceful and attractive
in order to meet with their approval.
The new garlands and trailing vines are
a pleasing combination of these two
requisites and are an extremely ef
fective trimming for any decollete gown.
The simpler the gown Is in ¦ design * the
more appropriate the floral garniture. Aa
to the color, It may be whatever Is pre-
*tt> MONO the thousand and one dainty
/Zj\ accessories for evening gowns there
jTv *¦» °oly a few that bear the mark
of high approval. It Is difficult to
keep np with these fickle fancies, as they
change cftener than the moon, so the
smartly cowned New York woman se
lects only the daintiest novelties.
Nerrer were these accessories prettier or
more attractive than at present, and Just
now the- fancy Beems to be for flowers In
a new and decidedly graceful arrange
ment. This consists of garlands and
trailing vines that are wonderfully deco
rative. Flowers have always been worn
ferred. though white Is usu^rry the most
charming:. ' . ',>,:;'
A dainty gown of white point d'esprlt,
worn over a white taffeta slip, and with
very little trimming: of white satin rib
bons, makes the prettiest accompaniment
for these garnitures of flowers.
The flowers "themselves are wonderfully
natural, perfect In coloring and delicate
In texture, quite rivaling 1 the product of
Mother Nature.
Roses, orchids and morning: glories are
most used. Among: the roses the variety
Is chlefly,ln size, for In color they are al
ways pink. The tiny June roses, the
natural looking La France buds and huge
crush roses are. worn. *• In size these lat
ter are rarely equaled In nature, except
by the - sturdy cabbage roses grown In
California.
One of these giantlike blossoms, with a
smaller roso trailing below It, makes a
smart shoulder bunch.
Another decoration for the shoulder Is of
pale pink morning glories and green
leaves. Orchids of delicate purple with
maidenhair fern make a graceful spray
to be worn around the neck of a low
cut bodice or from the shoulder to the
waist.
Smaller flowers are used for the
THE SU2ST5AT -CAM*.
3
PRETTY EFFECTS
IN FLOWERS
FOR PERSONAL
ADORNMENTELIZABETH AND HER GERMAN
GARDEN— Published by Laird & Lee.
Chicago. Cloth, 75 cents; paper, 25 cents.
A QUAKER SCOUT— By N. P. Runyan.
The Abbey , Press, New York. Jl 25.
L'AIGLON— Par Edmond Rostand.
Brentano's, New York. $1 50.
NELL. OWTKNE OF OLD DRUBT-
By Hall Downing. Rand, McNally &
Co.. Chicago.
Books Received.
tion of th-s constitution to the civil war,
much historical matter has been written,
notably by Dr. von Hoist in his great
Constitutional History, and by Tucker,
But there are 'marked differences which
distinguish Professor Thorpe"s from these
other great work3. Ills. view. point is -of.
events- as-' they occurred and of public
opinion', crystallized into forces express
ing themselves In the work of congresses,
conventions and public assemblages/thus
illustrating the development of govern
ment. Dr. von Hoist's mind led him to.
treat this period of our history. with ref
erence to the' motives of political* action
as manifested by. popular leaders and by
tho great political parlies, while Tucker's
view ! was directed largely to its legal
"phases and -•' — ...... ...
The. variations in the treatment, of their
theme by ¦ these great authors indicate
strong differences in their works.
Thorpe's books present in. logical array
the facts, showing an orderly development
of our constitutional system. .Von Hoist's
work is a master's series of studies of po
litical motives, ami actions, whlle^Tuck
er's work presents a. great study, in the
law of the constitution. . , - ,
In the third volume. .Professor Thorpe's
treatment - of the period from 1S60 to 18S5, -
embracing the history of the j adoption of
the thirteenth, fourteenth and:' fifteenth
amendments and the read mission of,the
rebellious States, after - reconstruction.
Into participation in the Federal ; Govern
ment, is . new. , , No : work, save j Thorpe's,
,has yet attempted to cover. this period. ..
Of. this important , epoch iri our, history
the author shows wherein the compromise
.of 1S61 failed with the result of the civil
war and the reorganization of the Ameri
can system of government- He-says:
The supreme law, that is. ; the j general plan
of American government, was amended. ¦ and
many causes of Irritation, ¦ and the principal
cause of . contest.,' were removed. The - vast
change: caused, by this ; reorganization is nar
rated in' the. third volume. , Its great" theme. is
emancipation and the extension of suffrage.
Professor Thorpe has carried out his
Presented to them was the wild scenery of
a great ooean. which bounded and raged amid
a terrific storm. . They eaw a huge ship crash
upon jagged, treacherous rocks, and go to de
struotlon In the mighty billows. They heard
the despairing shrieks of the unfortunates
aboard; they heard the terrific roar and thun
dtr of the clouds as they crashed together,
and they were terrified yet fascinated by the
angry music of the racing elements. . From
thence I carried them to gorgeous climes, where
It la summer > always, and the romances are
as thick as the treacherous reptiles - which
'abound in those countries. The music became
sweet, languid, passionate, then died away in
a sensuous wall. The violin fell to my side.
In silence I. gazed at this mlgbty multitude
which before had filled me with such dread.
In eilence they gazed back— then sighs were
heard; women" fell back almost fainting in
their seats, men mopped their brows, and
gazed at one another; then as though awak
ening from a dream, with one , accord. '? th^
burst into applause^ — applause which shook n£
house to the foundation.* Froia the gallery
the. name of P&g&nlnl was hurled down at me.
Again and again did I bend an acknowledg
ment of the honors : they , showered . upon me;
Inches and inches seemed' to be added to my
Their Imagination traveled . as I dictated,
and the. befogged Intellects followed as I com
manded.
Before their dazed eyes the theater disap
peared In the conjurer's vapor.
The shadow evaporated, but I knew, though
invisible, that Genius J hovered guardingly.
Raising the bow I drew it across the strings
of the violin, and a sweet, divine melody as
of angel voices issued forth; I charmed my
audience . with this sweet strain, then pro
ceeded to test the power I was endowed with.
I became alarmed with my success; the mul
titude and I were one, completely under the
spell; I was In absolute control.
visible. The expression of those nearest to
me was one of alarm, uneasiness, at rny
strange behavior. Quickly I raised the violin,
and as I did the figure beside me turned Its
vilrd face, and as though from afar, in faint
murmuring*. I heard the words, "In thee,
Gaetano, I triumph again! Play on; give full
rein to thy passion; failure does not exist for
thee." -
The present work - Is probably the best
of its kind in existence. It represents
twenty years of hard and careful research
on the part of the. author." With'pains
taking care he traces the origin, progress
In 1898 there was published by Harper
Bros, a splendid work on "Constitutional
History of the American People," by
Francis Newton .Thorpe, Ph.' D.; some
time fellow and . prof eesor of American
constitutional history In the University of
Pennsylvania. This history was printed
in two volumes, and .narrated the origin
and development of the .'State: govern
ments:^. Professor Thorpe now appears as
the author of a more , extensive work of
tho same nature, whose theme Is the biog
raphy of the national system. ;Thls last
tz published in three volumes with a co
__»'us index.
Constitutional History of the United
States.
The first part of Mrs. Biagl's work is of
the weakly, prosaic, melodramatic order
and would lead the reader to believe he
was about to encounter the usual story
of the maiden wronged and an ultimate
vengeance wreaking itself on the head of
the base deserting father. It serves It*
purpose of throwing some doubt on the
.true parentage of Gattano, but might well
be shortened to the advantage of tho
story as a whole. Those who get over
this first stumbling block "will, however,
feel well repaid by the strong character
portrayal In the pages which follow. Mrs.
Blagl. by the way, Is a San Francisco
woman. -If her book can be given the en
ergetic advertising which the big Kastern
publishers accord volumes - which they
wish to make "the books of the year,"
and can be put through the usual course
of editions customary in boom cases In
the book world,, thtie is a good chance
of its rising to prominence. (Published by
F. Tennyson Neely, New York. Price $1.)
B. G. LATHROP.
ehotiia be cleared, the lights extinguished and
I taken home and put to bed.
'.Mr.'.Norton divides the treatment of his
subject into ; two parts/ In-; part, one ae
At this time When so much interest cen
ters In our colonial possessions, all books
concerning them are acceptable. : One has
been recently • published 'as a "Complete
Hand-book of Havana and Cuba" by AJ
bert J.-" Norton, wViich isof more than
passing. interest. -Mr. Norton is a.mem
ber of the Chicago- bar and tjie present
work Is the result of a visit to Cuba- and
careful study *. in the early part . of 1900.
Its; author has evidently had access to
many ¦valuable records ; and official docu
ments j which he has incorporated in his
book, and his legal training has stood hjm
In good stead toward ' giving n concise ac
count'of* just those points whjch we of
America should know. V; The volume la
filled with valuable statistics, maps and
illustrations. He has endeavored to cover
the Held thoroughly for the tourist, settler
and; investigator.
-This book Is Intended merely as a -help
to those who would study the works of
the 'great Florentine writer and would
wish to know-« little of his life and writ
tings. 'It contains many opinions -of* him
from the greatest minds of modern days,
eulogistic poems- com posed« in his 'honor,
as well as sketches of the man himself.i
The pictures of him by great artists,'
which are made a part of the book,, ahe
well reproduced, and- add much, to the
value of the work as a handbook to ' be
used in making the acquaintance of Dante
and his work. (Published by the Wh'lt
aker & Ray Company, San Francisco.
Price ?1.) . . - *
Norton's Handbook of Havana and
mortal poem, "The Divine Commedia.' on
a journey to the land of spirits, soon find
ing as his guide his beloved Virgil, who
conducted him through the Inferno and
the Purgatorio until he met his early love,
Beatrice, who led him on to the Par
adlso." So says Frances Fenton- San
born in' an Introduction to a recently pub
lished book, "AboUt I?ante and His 'Be
loved Florence.'" :
"There -.was .never a, better time than
the beginning of the twentieth century for
the study of Dante, the 'Divine Poet.'
The eve of Good Friday of the year 1001
A. D., completes the seven hundredth year
since" he'started, as he tells us In his lm-[
About Dante.
Illustrations From Norton's
Handbook of' Havana
and Cuba.
tho scene and an active participator In
the drama he is able to'give just the right
touch of detail to carry conviction. , His
comparison of the trained and wooden
discipline of the English troops with
the mobility of the Boers is most in
teresting, and his figures, sho'Wlng the
really unnecessary loss of life through
"military discipline" and a close observ
ance of "tactics," are certainly Instruc
tive. (Published by McCluro, Philips &
Co., New York. Price '$1 50.)
It is a fine tribute from one poet to an
other which Mr. Carman, gives. in the
"Last Song3 From Vagabohdia" • to the
late Philip Savage, whose complete
poems have Just been Issued In a single
memorial- volume 'by Small, iiaynard &
Co. "This volume contains all the poems
In the two volumes published during Mr.
Eavage's life, as weir as a number found
in his portfolio after his death- There is
also a frontispiece portrait of the author.
¦"The characteristic truthfulness . of her
treatment In "With Hoops of Steel" of
the peculiar and picturesque conditions In
"Las Plumas" Is Instantly recognized by
those who know New Mexico and Its
people.
Although 1 In no sense masculine or
"mannish." this slight, quiet little woman
is perfectly at home in the wilderness, ab
solutely without- fear, and almost an ex
pert with revolver and rifle. Her knowl
edge of the conditions of life in the South
west/ and character of the men of
the frontier was acquired during a resi
dence of more than three years in New
Mexico, and the persons and incidents de
pleted In her book are essentially studies
from life. . v
The familiarity with the outdoor life of
the West shown in "With Hoops of Steel"
was gained by Mrs. Kelly through per
sonal experience. Long hunting trips In
California. Oregon, Washington and in the
Rockies gave her unusual opportunities
for observation, and during the two year3
when Mr. Kelly was State • Forester of
California she frequently accompanied
him on hdrs«back journeys through the
high Sierras, traveling with no outfit
other than such as "could be tied behind
the saddle, ignoring roads and trails and
relying upo/i the compass for guidance,
and camping without shelter wherever
night overtook them and grass and water
were found.
Florence Finch was born In Macoupln
County. Illinois, but most of her early
life was passed In Kansas, and she Is a
graduate of the Kansas State University.
Some years ago she began* newspaper
work and soon won the place of a regular
editorial writer on the Boston Globe. She
became the wife of one of the editors,
Allen Kelly, and has siace ' been engaged
in work with him fn New. York, San Fran
cisco and other cities, besides contribut
ing stories and sketches to various news
papers and magazines. >;1 --.
A novel of Western life that has made
a success this season Is "With Hoops of
Steel." by Florence Finch-Kelly, a third
edition of which has just been issued.
The Century ,'p to have a serial story by
Irving Bacheller, the author of that popu
lar novel "Eben Holden." It Is a border
tale of 1S12. Two types of the men who
have helped . to make America are set
forth in It— one, a Northern Yankee,
quaint, rugged and wise; the other a man
who has the hardy traits of a. Puritan
with the romantic temperament of a cava
lier. The scene of the Ptory Is In the
neighborhood of Lake Champlaln, and the
title Is "D'ri and I." It will begin in the
March Century and run for six months. •
sympathies ar« sufficient reasons why the
world, and especially America, should con
gratulate Russia."
r> T wovild rot be correct to say that .the
success of a novel of to-day depends
I upon its first few pagos, yet they cer-^
tainly take a very active part in mar-'
ring or rnakine the book from a financial
f :andpoint. This is the day of hurry ar.d
bustle and the publishing houses to be
abreast of the times flood the market
w:th books. The sincere r.ovel reader
who has the habit bred in the bone goes
to his hoolipelVr ar.d glances over the
latent Irr.portati'in?. picking out those
rerornmendt-d by s=ome friend or else a
book by a trifd author or again some
book by a new author. The last he se-
Wis because the subject or its treatment
catches his fancy in the hasty purvey
which the opportunity offers. Often he
finds this first impression was Incorrect
and the book whfn read half through is
cn^t arido a? trash. On the other hand,
irary a pn<v2 work is left to gather dust
on the shelves of the book store simply
becjiyso its author is unknown and a
hasiy perusai' <>t th^ first chapters fails
to catch t*:e ofcservcT's attention.
The oM ar.d c-nverienced writer, wise in
the captious* ways of Ms fanciful custom
<ts. rears thorp points closely In mind
end Kaiea his fiirhes in form most cal
culated to rl^at'- :h* literary palate. He
giv<-= nothing r^w. but like the good
literary chef that h* 5*. he bo disguises
ar.'i feeaaaas the oM that in the eating It
*«tj!s 15k«? a <JI«h fi: for the gods. It will
probabiy cause indigestion, but at the
tlin*» it tastes prodiBTiouFly -well.
Th'r author new to the literary cook
house very often fa!!* far short of the
rr. • r \n preparation and service and yet
in the end offers the' more substantial
mr-zl.
Such a book is one which has Just made
it* appearance from the pen of Mrs, D.
IJlr.jri ur.'lT the title of "Two Heroes and
a Violin— An Extravaganza." The name
rounds veil— and after all there is a great
df«l in the ring of a pleasing title. But
Ibe FtyU- is Tude and the treatment
rough. Notwithstanding, after the .last
page if turned th« reader cannot but arl
mlt that a strong impression has been
marie and he Jf anxious to find some one
v.-hfl h.i.s read the book with whom he can
disouf-R the remarkable personality of the
hrrn. Tbere are really two heroes, as the
title Fuggfsts, but the one — although
truly heroic in tho literal significance of
the word— is by no means the center
point "f interest as compared with the
other— the evil, Felfish. fascinating
genius that liguros throughout the tale.
In briff Mr?. Biaei's extravaganza is a
vivid p''n picture of the intimata and pri
vate Ilff- of a great violinist— the greatest
of his time, half genius and half maniac.
Hrr book Is divided into three parts—
an clrmcr.t of weakness in itself. The
first few chapters are supposed to have
been written by the mother by adoption
of the violinist, a Contessa di Rimini.
The second part \?, an autobiographic ac
count of the impressions and life of the
virtuoso. The third part is a sequel from
the pen of Sard, the second hero and
manager of the violin genius. This last
part throws a doubt over the authorship
of the first p^rt by hinting that it was
merely the fiction of the diseased brain
of the violinist himself.
The r-trrngth of tlie book lies In part
two. It glvts one of the best pictures in
literature of the genius known as the
violin virtuoso. Gaclano Lucchesl is a
man far beyond his type of the present
day. He is a second Papaninl. who play*
because he is iraoelltd so to do by a
shadowy genius why tells him that In
Gaetano he will lire again and rule the
world with his music. He does nothing
except by inspiration and allows his emo
tior-F to bo rule aim that at times he
wanders half-crazed and unconscious
through the fVlds and forests, -then re
turns to his room to play the weird- com
positions which have floated through his
brain.
Gaetano as a man is thoroughly un
principled, selrt.sh. and irresponsible. His
friend £arci. a noble specimen, though a
cynic, directs and holds him In check
FUfficiontly to- make him the god of the
music-loving public: Inn for his moral sal
vation he la obliged to work his own way.
Naturally the handsome and gifted mu-
Fician is most attractive to the fair sex,
and all of his many interesting affairs of
the heart are marked by his extreme
beartlesroess. He i« an Italian, inherit
ing in fuil the mercurial and passionate
nature of the race. He tells his story
with a!! the extravagance of expression
characteristic of thu southern clime. His
own account* of hi* first appearance In
Italy, then in Fraiice and then in Eng
land, with the varying effects of his music
on ihc three different races, are dramat
ically vivid and show the author at her
best. Here Is his derorlption of his debut
It shows so well the nervous excitement
of the genius, and, after his acceptance
by the audience as a musical marvel, the
inordinate vanity of the. man— for it must
be remembered that this Is from the view
point of the crazy artist himself— that it
stands as one of the best bits of its kind:
We traveled, to Milan. ' where my first con
cert took place at the Theater La Scula, upon
the lith of Sentfrniber. is— . As the eventful
evening apuroarhed I was consumed with an
Intense nervous excitement, •svfclch Increased
¦Imofct , to Insanity upon the night of my
debut. I became wild with aueulsh over the
doubt* 83d fears which assailed me. and to
tain n;y cxacs*rated fancies I drank huge
bumpcrr of wine; my nerves became numbed.
but my excitement increased. Sard chlded m«
upon my weakness, childishness, and, upon
reaching the theater, escorted me to a huge,
dimly lighted space with a curtain stretched
acroM one side. Upon a table in the center
of this space rested the . violin.
"Now cotne." he »ald, leading me toward
the curtain, "take a peep at the house."
Pointing to' an opening in the cloth he bade
me look. I did so, r&«P«l. peeped again, then
staggered away. : . *
"I cannot!" I cried, shaking my head apa
waving my arms frantically- "I cannot p« J
before Mich a multitude of faces.. with their
round, curious eyes leveled upon me. In
spiration will rot come. I shall make a
fiasco. Ood forgive me!"
"What would you haveT* hissed Sard. .
dragging me away; "an empty house? Surely
not."
"I flld not expect this," I cried distractedly.
erased with fear. "My wildest moments never
pictured a house such as this. I cannot play—
I stall fall. I know I shall. They will hiss.
Ah. me. I would rather die!"
Fright had worked me to a state of frenry.
Ealuccl came rushing toward us. surmising
correctly that there was something wrong. ai>
I continued to frantically slash the air with
my long arms. Sard gazed at me In dismsy.
"My dear Gaetano." he said, endeavoring
to soothe. "I believe everybody finds the first
time rather trying but had I your talent I
would 'hot feel the leant uneasiness. Tou
dare not refuse to go on. Such an action would
be your ruination. Play you must. These
people will nr.t countenance being brought
here for nothing. Shake oft this womanish
weakness: be a man. Such action* in you are
absurd. When the curtain rises and you find
yourself before this vast multitude, as you
call it. think not of your auditors; concentrate
your mind upon the music. Imagine yourself
alone in some vast wilderness; the faces con
sider as so much shrubbery: the strange,
curious eyes as so many stars."
The musicians in the orchestra began tuning
their Instruments and Sard dragged me from
the stage. Salurci dashed away and returned
holding something in a glass, which he forced
me. to Vrlnk. It was liquor of some sort, anl.
reduced me to a harmless lunatic. I began
rh»dding Imbecile tears, and between my sobs
»«walled my fate ar.d begged to be let off.
Faroi was in despair, and thought by fra
quent shakings to bring me to my senses. The
routue outside ceased, and by the great light
which Illuminated the stage I. knew the curtain
h»d riFen.
• - Go. Gaetano." ?a!d Sard, grasping his hair
despairingly. "Go; they are waiting."
I began wringing my hands and implored
then: to permit me to gaze once more upon
the audience.
"I must see them again." V gasped. "I
may then have the courage to go on."
I crept along, keeping close to the scene,
till I reached a point that commanded a fa.r
view of the bouse. Then something occurred
I have ne\-er discovered what, nor have I tried.
A terrific blow landed between my shoul
der Made*, and the n»xt Instant I was upon
the stage In the full glare of the lights, and
the house was welcoming me with thunder
ous applause. Retreat was impossible. I
glanced despairingly toward the treacherous
nrfiH? — smothered laughter greeted my ears.
Bathed In cold perforation, with knees knock-
Ing together. I advanced to the front of the
Ftage and acknowledged the applause wjth a
ro--*t ungainly salute; then I grasped the vio
lin, but to my horror paralysis had apparently
overtaken me. I could not raise the instru
ment t/> position, and there I stood, stark and
¦tiffWi * mast unhappy mortal. Then, sud
denly the lights and curious fa'ces vanished,
huge* clouds rolled before my terrified eyes,
whose mists dampened my fevered brow and
cooled the heated brain within. A hand gently
prwsed my shoulder; the huge, dark shadow.
the companion of my childhood, stood before
me. The electric power contained within this
creature, the magic of hifc touch, caused the
stagnant blood to rush like' quicksilver through
my vein*. Cowardice vanished; I seemed to
swell with confidence and self-importance. I
realized' this wan the event of my life, ' and
like a soldier stood strong and mighty to meet
the crisis.
-The clouds rolled away; the lights, the hot
perfumed air, the curious faces of the thou
sands who bad collected to hear m« became
height; my heart swelled bo with triumph I
thought it would burst. I staggered from the
stage, tp be received behind the scenes with
exultant cries and embraces from Sard and
Saluccl. Tea, I had made a success; the ap
plause and yells of "Bravo! bravol encorel
encore!" told that but too plainly. Back to
the stage I went; again and again did I play
to the infatuated public, who. no doubt, would
have remained the entire night had not Barci
insisted when th« tlma came that th« theater
narration chronologically and without di
gression or interruption, so that the con
nected facts' of "our history can be easily
remembered. His style is easy and fluent
and he tells his story with consecutive
ness, clearness, . amplitude and unity.
(Published by £allaghan & Co., Chicago.
In three volumes, price J7 50.)
He opens his story with the usual and
necessary preamble of the causes which
led up to the war and the exact relations
between the Boers and "Uitlanders which
caused the trouble. All of which Is quite
necessary to make any history complete,
but at this time bo well known to the
'average reader as to receive merely a
glance. In his descriptions of the various
engagements Dr. Doyle is at his best, for
here the pen of the novelist can have full
Bway. His pictures are virile and force
ful, and convey a better idea of a modern
battle, with its improved weapons of war,
than those of any of the more matter of
fact historians who have endeavored to
depict these scenes. Moreover, Dr. Doyle
Is himself a warrior, and having been on
Dr. Doyle realizes fully the narrow es
cape his country has had from a great
fall, and there is no effort on his part to
minimize In the least the almost fatal
mistakes which are in evidence on the
part "of the British military authorities.
He also gives the Boers full credit for
their remarkable campaign, which far sur
passed anything that the civilized world
believed they were capable of putting into
execution. On the first page he says:
"They are one of the most rugged, virile
and unconquerable races ever seen upon
the face of the earth," and furthermore
states that "Napoleon and. all his veterans
never treated us so roughly as these hard
bitten farmers, with their ancient the
ology and their inconveniently modern
rifles." : .
. Although' \the struggle between Great
Britain and the Boers is by no means at
ah end, still the "histories" of the war are
already -among the number legion. Of
course, the great battles of the war are
over, but still the tight is on. Up to date
one of the most interesting histories that
has been presented for our notice Is that
by A. Conan Doyle of "Sherlock Holmes"
fame. Dr. Doyle }3 too well known as a
novelist to waste paper in singing his
praises as a writer of fiction. He now ap
pears as a historian, and from a careful
perusal of his pages on "The Great Boer
War". we musfconcede that he is entitled
to laurels in. this line also. From the data
at hand, when his book went to press he
has given a most creditable showing. He
has conformed to fact throughout, and
yet ' his work is enlivened with the dra
matic style of the novelist, which Im
presses with double force its points on tho
mind of the reader. He writes with great
fairness, and no one can possibly take
exception to the work because its author
Is an Englishman to the core. Dr. Doyle
served under the British ilag and was
consequently In a position to know where
of he speaks. This, combined with his
literary ability, makes his book one of the
most valuable on the subject of all those
which have as yet appeared. He has a
way of impressing his pictures on the
mind of the reader that is not soon to be
forgotten.
The Great Boer War.
and development of constitutional govern
ment in_ America from the close _of 'the
French wars in 1765, the time of the stamp
act, to * the year 1895, and the principles
on which . our national civil system is
founded are illustrated from the | course
of events. Professor Thorpe is himself a
lawyer and records his facts with legal
clearness, brevity and Judicial impartial
ity. His is the only work which deals with
the period 1S61-95.
The first volume the author divides into
two books. The first book discusses the
new nation and the second the formation
of the national constitution. He shows
that our national system was evolved
from colonial conditions and was in no
6ense a sudden inspiration or creation.
He narrates the history of the country
from the time of the stamp act to tho
completion of- the constitution by the
Federal" convention.
Volume two shows that while the sys
tem proposed by the Federal convention
was approved by the people, still there
was a demand for "its amendment and
that in 1804 this demand was complied
with and the first twelve amendments
were ratified. After this there was a long
period of compromises and contests which
arose under the attempt to carry out the
system. The volume concludes wi^i the
account of the last effort at compromise,
the proposed amendment of 1S61.
Of the period 1789-1860, or from the adop-
gives a general Idea of the city of Ha
vana, its harbor, fortifications, buildings,
clubs, hospitals, drives and other points
dear to the heart of the sight-seer. He
devotes some space to the social life of
the city and the feeling of the Cubans
toward Americans. The appendix to this
first part contains many facts and figures
ojf interest with regard to the railroads,
etreet railroads, steamship companies,
distances from Havana, census of 1899
and educational facilities.
Part twp is taken up with a description"
of Cuba: its resources, area and popula
tion, topography, climate, minerals, tim
ber, agriculture and investments. The
author gives a chapter on the administra
tion under the Spanish, and then devotes
considerable space to the military occu
pation by the Americans. This .last In
cludes a detailed -accouat of the present
condition and affairs political of the
island under the military governorship of
General Leonard Wood.
The book is all that It professes to be
and * the subject is one that concerns
every American. The public at large
should take every opportunity to inform
Itself upon matters connected with a
country and people whose affairs have be
come a part of our own. (Published by
Rand, McNally & Co.. Chicago. Price
*1 50.)
My Boys in th« Tropics.
There has just been published by the
My Boys' . Publishing Company of ,San
Francisco a very Interesting souvenir
book of engravings showing scenes and
incidents relative to the war in "the
Philippines. Its contents comprise
sixty-three half-tone reproductions 6xS
inches, done on excellent paper and re
markably well printed. The name Itself
—"My Boys In * the Tropics"— suggests
what an excellent present the book will
make for any one having a friend In the
army corps who has seen active service at
or around Manila. The press work has
been done by Sanborn, Vail & Co.
Literary Notes.
In th« February Atlantic Gerald Stanley
Lee prints a characteristic essay on "Mak
ing the Crowd Beautiful." It la a corollary
to his widely read paper on "The Dom
inance of the Crowd," In the December
number.
The Overland Monthly for February has
rather a departure from Its usual illustra
tions in some impressionistic washes by
C. Leslie Hunter. One of these, depleting
the fishermen at work mending their
nets on the wharf. Is an excellent compo
sition. The magazine contains its quota
of bright verse and Interesting stories —
notably one by Edward F. Cahill, "With
Whips and Scorns." The half-tone repro
ductions of photographs showing scenes
of "The, Land of William Tell" are re
markably good.
Henry Norman. M. P.. has recently re
turned from another visit to St. Peters
burg, and as a result has written for the
March Scrlbner's an article on the most
powerful political man In the empire. M.
de Witte, the Minister of Finance. The
new economic and industrial Russia is a
creation of this man, and a recent dis
patch adds: "His love of peace, his de
termination to develop Russia's internal
resources and his pronounced American
Though there is a strong spice of op
portunism about the February Critic, still
the issue contains much that dates from
yesterday as well as of to-day. Notable
among the retrospective articles are the
initial installments of Mrs. Richard Rit
chie's "Blackstlck Papers," which are, de
voted respectively to Haydn and to Fe
licia Felix, better known as Mrs. Hemans.
Mrs. Ritchie's range is not wide nor is It
deep, but the chords she writes are ex
quisite In their simple, engaging lyricism
in flavor and their fragrance. Similar
in kind, though different in spirit, are
George Murray Smith's reminiscences,
which on this occasion cover the Incep
tion of the Cornhlll Magazine, and re
count its early career under the editor
ship of Thackeray. George Murray Smith
salts his narrative with capital stories, the
present paper being particularly rich In
anecdotes which touch upon Thackeray,
Trollope, Tennyson. Sala and other fig
ures, prominent and picturesque, of th«
day.
Henry Kltchell Webster and Samuel
Merwln, who write together under th«
nom de plume of Merwin Webster, have
another story ready for publication this
Bprlng by the Macmlllan Company. Their
last stories were "The Short-Line War"
and "The Banker and the Bear." Their
new novel will be the romance of a grain
elevator and will be called "Calumet
'K.' " How a two-mllllcn bushel grain
elevator was built "against time" by on«
Charlie Bannon Is the pith of the siory.
The hero is the kind of a man who says
of himself, "I've been working like an
all-the-year-round blast furnace ever
since I could creep." He has looked for
a chance to be quiet, "since I was 13
years old." But when this chance- final
ly comes, Bannon. with the girl who has
consented to share his restless life, yield-*
to habit, and the dream of a cozy farm
lc forgotten in the stress of. new work.
The elevator must be done by December
31. There are persons that are interested
in delaying the work, and it Is these as
•well as the "walking delegates." that
Bannon has to fight. The story of how
they tried to "tie up" the lumber two
hundred miles away and of how he out
witted them and "Just carried it off*
shows the kind of thing that Bannon can
do best. In spite of his temptation to
brag— he was for two years a "chief
wrecker" on the Grand Trunk, and has
many stories to tell— Bannon is one of £h»
men without whom American commerce
could not get on. Henry Kltchell "Web
ster and Samuel Merwin have discovered
in' the exciting: moments of trade and
finance a field of fiction hitherto over
looked by American writers, but contain
ing a great wealth of romance.
Little. Brown & Co.'s list Includes th*
"Life of Queen Victoria," by Milllcent
Garrett Fa-wcett- The biography contains
two portraits, one taken in 1S35 and the
other about 1S93. No passage to Mrs.
Fawcett's work Is more pathetic than tha
description of the last Illness of the Prtnc*
Consort:
."At first she was '*o thankful that the
Illness was not fever.* Then It becams
clear that It was fever— typhoid fever—
with Its accompanying exhaustion and
wandering of mind. She was terribly
alarmed, but still clung desperately to ev
ery favorable symptom. Sh«» tried to
gather what the doctors really thought,
less by what they said than by how they
looked. "When they looked grave and sad.
•I went to my- room and felt as if my,
heart must break.' When the doctors
spoke frankly to her of me course which
the fever must run before any Improve
ment could be looked for, 'my. heart was
ready to burst, but I cheered up. remem
bering how many people have fever.
• • • Good Alice was very courageous,
and tried to comfort me.* In the earlier
days of the Prince's Illness he took pleas
ure In being read to and In heating music;
and the little baby daughter Beatrice was
brought In to «ay her new French verses,
and be held her- little hand in his. The
Queen recalls with touching minuteness
his tenderness and caressing affection
constantly manifested toward herself.
'Ldebea Frauchen.* 'frutes Welbchen' (dear
little wife, good little wife), he would call
her. stroking her face with his wasted
hand. On December 11 the Queen's diary
records that she supported him while ha
took hfs beef tea. 'And ho laid his dear
head (his beautiful face, more beautiful
than ever, is grown so thin) on my shoul
der, and remained a little while, saying.
"It Is very comfortable so, dear child,"
which made me very happy.' "
and an Admirable critical and biograph
ical introduction by his Intimate friend.
Daniel Gregory Mason.
Those who are Interested In colonial fur
nishings will find a valuable article In the
March Issue of the Delineator describing
"House Furnishing at Mount Vernon."
Owing to the splendid work done by the-
Mount yemon Ladles' Association the ap
pearance of G>ors«s Washington's home
has been remarkably restored : ar.d re
tained. Ther* L) therefore nothrng merely
fanciful In the description of Mount Ver
non as it was.
It ts a matter for congratulation that
the late Stephen Crane should have lived,
to complete the projected series of "Great
Battles of the World" (published by J. B.
Llpplncott Company), which, having been
written just before his death, represents
at Its latest and ripest development the
peculiar genius that, delighting In the at
mosphere of the battlefield, even though
but Imaginary, produce! the "Red Badste
of Courage." Much of Mr. Crane's work.
Is being published posthumously, but
most of that Is unfortunately Immature,
It ha\ing been written In his earlier
years.
Th* Internationa' Mnnthy for February
contain? a carefully prepared and Inter
esting account of "American Interests in
th*» Orient." by Charles S. Conant. Th»
opportunities for American commerce In
the Far East are worthy of careful study.
The account of "Mountain Ptruetura ana
Its Origin." by the eminent Scottish geol
ogist. Jam*** Geikie. Is concluded In thl»
number. The e*<«ay gives the reader &
vivid Insight Into the wonderful, trans
formations this earth of ours has under
gone. Most Interesting essays are by Ca~
mllle Mauciair. the French critic on
"Auguste Rodin and His Decorative
Sculpture." and by William Archer. th«
great English literary and dramatic critic,
on "The Real Ibsen." Mr. Archer Is un
doubtedly the greatest authority on Ib
sen. Alfred Foulllee. the eminent French
thinker and scholar. write9 on "Xletzsch*
and Darwinism."
The World Almanac compile* a long list
of the "largest editions" of new books
published In the United States during
lSftf-lPOO. The titles of the twelve moat
popular books In the list, arranged In th«
order of their popularity, •were: "David
Harum." "Richard Carvel," "When
Knighthood Was In Flower," "To Hava
and to Hold." "Janice Meredith." "Eben
Holden.V "The Reign of Lair," "Alice oC
Old Vlncennes." "The Day's Work."
"Red Rock." "The Redemption of David.
Corson" and "Wild Animals I Hava
Known." It Is Interesting to note that
out of this list a Western publishing
house Issued "the greatest number, as
three were published in Indianapolis by
The Bowen-Merfill Company; The Mao
mlllan Company and Charles Scribner'a
Sons each had two: and D. Appleton &
Co.; Houghton. Mlfflln & Co.: Dodd. Mead
& Co.; The Lothrop Publishing Company.
Doubleday. Page & Co. each published
one, of the famous twelve.
THE SUNDAY CALli.
Cuba.
4
WRITERS
OF BOOKSTHE Kahunas are casting strange
., spells over Hawaii. It was thought
ii that annexation would crush the
rower of the kahuna, as the native
witch doctor is called. Eut the new con
dition of affairs has only driven the ka
huna to action.
Several prominent natives have recently
met with mysterious and sudden deaths.
They were ail men who openly favored
annexation. They were ell warned by the
witch dociors ihat they were doomed.
Only the other day Daniel Nr'.one. a na
tive In sympathy with the new govern
ment, passed a'vay under peculiar circum
stances.
"Prayed to death" by the kahunas, say
the "annexation" natives.
"Poisoned by «he kahunas," say the for
eigners.
"Pooh!" say the "national native" party.
The "national" natives are those who
chafe under tt-.e new regime. They have
resorted to the kahunas as a last resort to
bring about a change. " Naturally they are
not anxious for an investigation of
Naone's death, and claim that he died
naturally.
But the island authorities are deter
mined to investigate into these rudcTen
and peculiar deaths. The "carpetbag
gerp." as the politicians who have recent
ly Fettled In Hawaii axe called, are partic
ularly nettled. They flocked to Honolulu
without a cent in their pockets, settled
down on assurance, and as the months
rolled by gathered in some Juicy plums
from the island politic.il pie. The "carpet
baggers" have resorted tG the usual crafty
tactics to capture these same plums. All
of which has at last aroused the dyed-in
the-wool conservative native, and in the
emergency he has evoked the aid of the
mysterious kahuna.
How well the kahunas have done their
work the recent death roll and the thor
pughjy intimidated natives attest. . .
The kahur.a <s a witch doctor, a juggler
cf potions, a eir.ser of incantations, a.
graybeard who mixes shivery spells, afel
low who gathers lethel herbs from graves
In the crescent of the moon, an owlish
Individual who hoo<3oos cattle and re
moves malignant influences for 15 cents.
He wouldn't rank very high In this coun
try, and it is doubtful if a hustling kahu
r.a couM make a living here even by ad
vertising. Eut in Hawaii, among the su
perstitious natives, whatever he says
"goes." The unquestioning natives ¦ be
lieve that a kahuna through his mystic
epells can put a hoodoo on a man that
will rigorously last through seven gen
erations; eo when a kahuna tells a native
voter to vote for a certain man or with
a certain party that native voter firmly
believes he will be forever damned unless
be obeys implicitly. And that's the new
klr.d of power the enterprising kahuna is
wielding In his native land under the up
to-date kind of American politics as
played there. Is It any wonder, then, that
a roar of protest went up from the "car
retbargers" when It was noised about
that the "national natives" had called out
these kahuna reserves to meet the tricks
and ballot devices of their resourceful op
ponents.
On top of all the charges and counter
charges came the sensation over Naone's
death. Naone vras a prominent native;. he
belonged to what is called the "advanced
party." aT.d was developing suspicious
tendencies to affiliate with what the con
servative natives termed in their new po
litical linpo "rank outsiders." Those same
rank outsiders had shrewdly conceived
thut to capture a necessary part of the
Hawaiian native vote it would.be good
politics to pather a number of the most
rromireiu Hawaiian* into their fold and
pive them a certain amount o-f patronage.
They figrred that the lamblike native
voters would follow these native leaders.
Naone, it i? said, was only one ,of this
number. The native party saw this de-'
fectlon wtth resentment and apprehension.
Those who watched the contest dec'are
that the call to the kahunas was the move
mr.de by the conservatives to blcck it.
The kahunas arc among the most stanch
and loyal lovers of their native land. If
there is any Kanaka who foots the isl-/
and sul! who believes fervently and Im
plicitly In its old-time institutions and
l'fc. or any native who would d!e defend
ing Hawaii for the Hawailans, It is the
Vnhuni. This ; sn't strange when It is un
d.rstood that their very profession and
living is bound up in the superstitious awe
of the natives, for the Hawaii of Kame
harroha. And so it is that any native
leader or native party that is working or
plotting to preserve "old Hawaii" can al
ways rely on the kahunas for stanch and
ready support. "".:'-
Naone's death is a rare one to furn'sh
eliminations and recriminations between
two parties at loggerheads over such a
state of things. As far as Is known, noth
ing particular In the way of illness was
the matter with him up to the time he
was accosted on the street by a kahuna.
That was about the middle of last Decem
ber.
"Oh. ho, stubborn Naone," said th*
witch doctor, as a parting shot to th>.»
man who refused to desert the advanced
party. "I see a red devil sitting on your
right shoulder; he is grinning and point
ing to the moon, which means that inside
of a month you will die. Forswear tlvs
new party and stand by old Hawaii, or be
ware."
Naone had embraced Christianity and
was a man of great personal courage, but
in spite of his years and his knowledge
in his new faith, in spite of his confidence
In his new political all-es, he shivered at
the old soothsayer's warning. Pagans, so
scientists say, though other religions may
wean them from the worship of their fore
fathers, always return to the home gods
of their ancestors when in dire extremi
ties. Beneath Naone's dark skin, in spite
of modern culture and a . new religion,
flowed' his Kanaka blood and he was as
keenly alive to the sayings of a grisly
old Kahuna as was his grandfather, who
recklessly paddled naked through the
beach combers.
The evidence in the case as gathered by
the "carpet baggers" shows that he must
have been very seriously affected by th»
"witch doctor's" words, for although he
was in excellent health when he heard
them, within a week he took to his bed,
complaining that he did not feel well:
that some way or other he had an Impres
sion that his right side was becoming
paralyzed. This was the side indicated by
the kahuna on which he claimed to seo
the red devil sitting-.
Naone's friends gave him some sound
practical advtce and called in a hardhead
ed old physician who wasn't afraid of tha
spells and incantations of an island full p!
kahunas. The doctor tackled his Job with
zest, for he felt it was a test case of the
modern medical profession against* th<2
oldtime _ witchcraft of the kahuna. In
three days he had Naone up and aroun'l
and in such a cheerful frame of mind that
he* laughed at the idea of such a stront,
robust man as himself ever becoming par
alyzed. ¦ . ¦
Naone was leaving his house for his
office next morning when on the threshold
he almost bumped into the imperturbable
kahuna, who was evidently lying In wait
for him. "Ah, stubborn Naone." said the
old sorcerer.' shaking his withered hands
at him. "Still my old eyes see the, red dev-il
sKtirig there on your shoulder; he has ta
ken another grip and he shouts: 'Naone's
days are shortening/ Within two weeks
he will be mine!' Return, oh, foolish man,
return to the party of your fathers, ero
it is too late." . |
At these words the ill-fated' man stag
gered as though struck a heavy blow. H<»
grasped the balustrade and steadied him
self. Then with a low groan he turned
and re-entered the house. The kahuna
followed him unchecked. What took
place within the privacy of Naone's room
no man knows, but when the kahuna left
the stricken man had possession of some
new medicine In a small vial. v This vial
was discovered under his pillow when
about half of it was taken. The trained
nurse Insistently Irore It over to the doc-
tor despite the tears and assertions of Na
one that it was the only medicine th*t
would save him. •
From the moment he was deprived of
the contents of the kahuna's vial Naon*
seemed to give up all hope and sank rap
idly. He bore no- evidences of any acutf
sickness; his life. seemed simply to flicker
out and he died within three weeks of tho
first warning 1 . .
The political results of Naone's death
are whaj might have been expected. Th»
natives watched the case with . we. for
Naone's course In politics and his defiance
of the order of the kahuna was known
to all his countrymen. Almost before the
last breath left his distraught body tho
report was buzzed about the, native quar
ters that "the red devil has got Naone,
as the kahuna warned." And now the 3U
perstitions among the Kanaka voters are
firmly convinced that Naone's death is a
sign from the ancient gods that the only
way to escaDe the clutch' of the red devil
is to vote as the kahuna tells you.
Charges of foul play are being bandied
thick and fast over Naone's sudden de
mise. The natives possess recipes for
making vegetable poisons which -were in
days gone by administered by certain ka
hunas or their creatures to those thev
wanted out of the wiv. In the forthcom
ing Investigation of his death by the au
thorities some of his friends will try to
prove that if the kanuna did not directly
use some form of poison in the medicine
given him' he, "prayed him to death," 'a
threat much resorted to by witch doctors
when trying to influence superstitious na
tives. :
Those who are versed ' in native wayj
and beliefs declare that It doesn't make
any difference what kind of findings the
Inquest returns. According to them, the
superstitious among the natives are al
ready fully convinced that Naone wm
given to the red devil for not doinsr as
the kahuna told him. and that "settles
the votes and everything else naagtns; on
the matter. * I'v/^**^
It is the power ef the kahuna "pitted
against modern skepticism. At present
the kahuna Is certainly holding his own.
SZTflortfazal Orgies arid
VOODOO CEREMONIAL
worship, of the s^at
¦'yeHovf Serpent
PROFESSOB ROBERT T. HILL, the
faxnoos Government explorer, has
Just returned to Washington with
a grewsome story from Hayti,
where he had the remarkable privilege of
witnessing a voodoo ceremonial— one of
those demoniacal orgies which on that Isl
and celebrate the worship of the Great
Yellow Serpent. This serpent, represented
at the festivals of the devil's cult by a
cannless native epedes of er.ake. is sup
posed to be an incarnation of the arch
fiend himself, possessing all knowledge,
but approachable only through bis priests
*nd priestesses — the watchers at the
shrine of Obeah, who Is otherwise known
as Jo-Ju. Mumbo-inmbo or Vuudoux, t- e
last of these names being commonly cor
rupted Into Voodoo.
"Cannibalism !s a conspicuous feature
ef these rites," said Professor HUL "It Is
tnr-esticr.a.bly a fact that large numbers
of young children are offered up annually
In Hayti as sacrifices to- the Great Yellow
Snake. Indeed, it is known that mothers
frequently dedicate their Infants at birth
to this purpose, the fatal ceremony being
postponed ordinarily until the victim has
reached the age of 2 years. Invariably the
ritual winds up with a feast, the details
of which are too horrible to be described.
Only when human prey Is not obtainable
Is a black goat, which must have a white
rpot on It, or a white cock used as a sub
stitute. The cock chosen for this^purpose
Is always one of those freak chickens
which nave their feathers growing the
wrong way.
"This cult of Vaudoux Is extremely an
dent. representing the most primitive
form of religion. It is serpent worship,
with all the Incidentals of witchcraft. Just
as it prevails in the darkest parts of Af
rica. The sodality of sorcerers, the smell-
ers out of witches, are a widespread
priesthood, whose organization and forms
of ceremonials date i-ack to a remote an
tiquity. One finds their order represented
in o»r own "country by so-called voodoo
doctors, who deal in charms and 'hoodoo'
spells and have an extensive practice
among the colored people. The .'buck and
wing' dancing of our nigger minstrel and
vaudeville stage comes directly- from the
ceremonial dancing of Vaudoux, and its
'pigeon wings' and other peculiar capers
have special significance in connection
with the rites of Obeah.
"The religion of Vaudoux se«ms to be
preserved en the island of . Hayti with
more of its pristine purity than anywhere
else in the- world, not even excepting' Af a
rlca. The republic cf Hayti, in fact,' is
nothing more nor less than- a piece of the
dark continent set down near our shores.
Its population, numbering, about 1,000,000
souls, is composed , of remnants of hun
dreds of savage tribes brought ; thither
during the slave dealing days to work on
the plantations. They were savages when
they arrived and they are savages still,
retaining their ancient customs and insti
tutions.
"The cult of Obeah Is a secret society.
Into which members - are initiated wita
complicated rites. Its ceremonials con-,
slst largely of dances, which are accom
panied by drums, and each particular
solemnity or ritual Is accompanied by, Its
own 'tune/if such a term may be used.
Everywhere 'through the mountains of
Hayti the traveler hears the drums con
stantly sounding, and to the ¦ ear of a
stranger the noise would be nothing moro
than tomtomming, but to a member of t»-a
organization each kind of beating has its
own" peculiar meaning. Thus, on a cere
monial ' occasion, when ] the drummers
strike the 'theme' the. participants. know
the | dance and song Which go with It.
There are- from 300 to 400 - different dances.
"The ceremonials are rituals of witch
craft and are held for the purpose of i
gaining ; various favors from the Great*
Yellow Serpent, such as the cure of sick
ness, the bringing down of evil upon ene
mies and even the causing of death to
persons .who may have given "offense to
the society or to individual members. As
the fiances progress they become more
and more furious, usually ending in, a
frenzy that overcomes all the partici
pants, who become crazy for the time be
ing, many of them, falling into a sort of
cataleptic condition. The culmination of
the wgy is the sacrifice of. a living ani
mal and the drinking of its blood, which
is passed^ around j for that purpose in . a
Jug; mixed ' with rum. . Finally, the vic
tim is boiled in a pot and eaten. * *
"The "drums used to accompany . the
dances are < an important feature of the
ceremonials. Usually they are employed
in groups; of three, each group having
its peculiar color and significance. The
red ' drums, for example; come into play
only on those more serious occasions
when the .: ritual i happens to have for its
special object the bringing down of wrath
upon a person who may have been so
unfortunate as to j excite the ill-will of
the society. This set of drums is known
as the trio of death,- red being, the color,
appropriate to death and the sacred color
of ' the Vaudoux.' When beaten they are
supposed to excite the vehement anger of
the evil spirit which is to be directed
against the Individual aimed at. .- . .
"Each voodoo ceremony is presided
over by a sorcerer-in-chief, known as the
Papeloi, who Is assisted by a witch
woman . called the Mameloi. - These per
sonages have attained their high rank In
the society, as it is understood; through
the long practice of extraordinary wick
. • . - - -¦ - -
edness, and usually they are of hldedus
aspect, the notion being that their super
natural power varies directly with their
ugliness. Nobody dares to disobey them,
inasmuch as to do so would be to invite
the most dreadful consequences, and they
are able to devote their entire time to
evil-doing being maintained by gifts
which their, followers bestow upon them
in the nominal shape of offerings to the
devil god. ¦ 1
"These priests and priestesses are usu
ally distinguished by a peculiar knotting
of their kinky wool.'. but, -In. Hayti - any
old man or woman of strange appearance
is apt to be suspected of being a Papelot
or.Mamelol. They undoubtedly possess
a remarkable knowledge of the medicinal
properties of plants, * especially as to poi
sons and ! febrifuges. So great Is the
faith In them as . medical practitioners
that in cases of serious illness they are
commonly called in even by persons out
side the pale of the voodoo organization,
and to-day no regular physician, no mat
ter-how capable, can make a living In
Hayti, notwithstanding the number of
dreadful diseases ! which prevail on the
island. - ¦ , .. • : *' - -
""The ¦witch doctors of Vaudoux are
known to be poisoners, and in this capac
ity they may well be dreaded by persons
who have no faith In * supernr tural pow
ers. ' It .is i said | that .they i are acquainted
with certain extracts and decoctions of
plants which, being administered in small
dosts at Intervals, will Induce a gradual
decay of the victim's mind, reducing him
to a state of Idiocy. They have other
poisons which work in so subtle a fash
ion that no harm Is done by them ap
parently until, when the secret adminis
tration of them Is suddenly stopped, the
unfortunate dies by reason of their with
drawal. The. venom of the scorpion and
the tarantula, intensified by distillation,
makes ,tho merest scratch of a dagger
fatal, and if common report be credited,
a fluid expressed from certain large crim
son, ants furnishes an equally deadly
agent: Where an Individual who has of
fended tho society cannot be got at di
rectly, hla servant may be terrorized into
giving him poison In his coffee, and It Is
¦ . , * . "'".-¦ ' " ' .•¦'-.
reven asserted that the witch . doctor
knows how to communicate senna of •
leprosy to an untainted human twing. *
No ' wonder, then, that voodoolsm ex
tends a malign Influence over the entire,
population of Hayti, those 'who nave no
faith In Its supernatural agencies being
afraid to offend the organization. Rather
than do so, they will pay largely to have
removed from themselves a 'spell.' of the
employment of which they may have re- i. ¦
celved» notice by coma such means as flnd-r"
ing a little bac containing chicken bones -
and a dried lizard or two attached to tha !
gate po9t. Some of the highest officials
on the Island are known to belong to ths
mysterious cult, whose "membership Is by " -
no means restricted to the lower orders. '
and history records that only a few years
ago a President of the republic was.in
itiated Into the organization and took part I -
In its most fearful rites, bathing himself {
In blood and otherwise declaring: himself* L
a believer In Obeah.
"The nominal religion of the people ot
Hay tl Is Roman Catholic, but there are
few priests of that faith permanently resi
dent in their parishes, and during their . I
absence the churches are commonly dese
crated by the performance of voodoo rites.
A curious mingling of Christianity and ¦
paganism In its worst form has come
about, the temples of Obeah being fre
quently adorned with pictures of the Vir
gin Mary and the saints. It Is even said
that - human sacrifices have been offered*
up on the altars of the church"- the red
drums of death being beaten In the sane- 9
rtuary. It Is •worth mentioning, by the
way. that the kldnapins of children for .
sacrifices Is not Infrequent In Hayti. and -
not long ago a lady missionary testified
that to her certain knowledge human flesh
was often sold In the markets of the In
terior towns. This last might seem in
credible were It not realized how well- ?
nigh universal Is cannibalism In the dark
continent, and that most cf the peonle of
Hayti are almost unmodified savages. -
"One gets a notion of the antiquity of
voodoolam from the testimony of ' Pliny, i '-
the historian; who, writing In the century"
before Christ, mentions the fact as well ;
known in his time that African slaves in
Rome and elsewhere in Italy had a re- -
llglon of their -own. which, when permit-
ted. they practiced at night with horrid
Incantations, the presence of the serpent
being considered necessary, and that there >
was a priestess who went Into a species
of frenzy, giving utterance while In that
¦tats to oracular ¦aylnra." J <
UNDER THE SPELL OF THE KABUNA
THE SUNDAY CALL.Follow as a rxde a mixed diet;
without allowing too great a dis
proportion in quantity between the
various classes of food. A mixed
diet slwuld have two bases, namely,
the class of the articles of food and
the amount of nutriment they con
tain; that is to say, not only the
species have to be mixed, but also
the concentrated zvith the more di
lute foods. For instance, a proper
ly mixed diet for a healthy individ
ual should contain animal food,
Bcar in mind that high liznng as
sociated zvith want of exercise is
the natural generator of gall stones,
stones in the bladder or kidneys,
gout, obesity and many cases of
Bright's disease. The late Czar
'Alexander HI wait to an untimely
death through this cause, notwith
standing his robustness.
Remember that any amount of.
food taken in excess of the body's
legitimate demand becomes a for
eign and injurious substance in
our organism, capable of produc
ing disorder or disease. Among
the latter zve find headache, bilious
ness, gall stones, jaundice, various
forms of skin disease — eczema,
hives, boils — dyspepsia, congestion
of the liver and brain, kidney
trouble, gout, obesity and rheuma
tism. The evil effects may be man
ifested either immediately, gradu
ally or later in life. Overeating,
especially if habitual, is a sin,
zchich penalty is always sure to fol-
cordingly, meals at regu
lar hours will find this organ pre
pared to receive and digest them.
Earlier tluin the regular time the
stomach is unprepared, for it has
not had its necessary rest. Later
than the regular time the oppor
tunity is lost, because tlie desire for
food disappears as if food had
beat taken.
-r^EMEMBER that the siom
£^ ach requires regularity in
JL V & function and rest. Ac-
(Copyright.)
NEXT WEEK:
Science of fifealth and the
Functions of Our
Organs.
We may reasonably hope that the
developments^ which the past Jias
seen in steam navigation and the
advances in armor and armament
of vessels of zvar, may find their
counterpart in the future develop
ment and improvements of sub
marine vessels of all kinds.
Of the future of vesseU^of this
class it is not possible to speak with
entire certainty, because of the 'pos
sibility, or even probability, of im
provements in other lines, which
will directly affect the submarine
vessels. To be entirely successful
it is. necessary that a submarine
boat adapted to naval purposes
should have a high surf ace speed, a
reasonable submerged speed, per
fect control, both in the vertical and
horizontal plane, when on the sur
face or stibmerged, efficient ventila
tion of the interior, satisfactory ac
commodations for the personnel,
and a considerable field of vision
when submerged. .What has al
ready been accomplished in the sub
marine vessels at present in service
both in this country and abroad
demonstrates the entire practicabil
ity of obtaining all that is desired
in many of these features.
years most determined efforts have
been made to produce vessels cap
able of meeting the chief require
ments of such craft. There are at
the present time several types of
vessels said to be capable of success
ful navigation below the surface at
moderate speeds.
sible applications in of
fensive and defensive naval opera
tions are so great, that . for many
S~JT~\HE idea of successful
§ submarine navigation is
I : so attractive, and its pos-
(Copyright, 1901. by the Christian Herald,
New York.)
Eat less rapidly and chew your\
food more. The stomach wants
Satisfy your appetite, not your
gluttony; satisfy your thirst, not
your craving.
Salt your 'food sufficiently, be
cause "salt is an aid to digestion, but
not more than needed to suit the
taste. ' - . c . :
Avoid cold drinks at meal time,
except In hot days. 'A void uncom
fortably hot drinks. Avoid eating
at irregular hours. Never overrule
your appetite, which is the best in
dex of the amount of food you
need,, except in the' course of dis
eases that require a special diet.-
'Avoid indulging in strong coffee
or tea, or alcohol. Milk, plain or
mineral water, weak coffee or tea,
chicory, coffee made of cereals,
light beers or diluted wines, are by
far preferable. A void cold food;
except in hot days; avoid ice cream
in the colder. seasons.
Eat sparingly . of fruit, pre
serves, veal, pork, young lamb, kid,
ham, bacon, sugar, vinegar, spices,
fats, oils, fried foods, pastries,
cakes, rich desserts, strong gravies,
hot freshly baked bread and foods
which, form adiierent pastes.
Bear in mind that sugar and all
sugared or syrupy substances, un
less sparingly used, are the most in
jurious of the foods in ordinary
use. They render digestion imper
fect, atid by their seductive taste
are liable to induce overeating.
Positively avoid a habitual diet
composed too exclusively .of one
kind of food, such as meats or cere
als; such a diet leads inevitably to
disease. Many cases of sickness,
palpitations, scurvy, skin diseases
and headache are directly due to
this improper diet.
In selecting an ordinary mixed
diet the occupation of the. individual
or family should, as far as possible,
be taken into consideration. For
instance, a person who performs
hard zvork, zvalks or rides a great
deal en horseback or bicycle, can
easily dispose of a rich or.concen
trated diet. Whereas, he who docs
little manual work, sits most of the
time, and takes little or no exercise,
consumes but little, and therefore
needs little of the concentrated
foods. An abundant diet, consist
ing chiefly of the concentrated
foods, is quite unappropriate to the
latter, and leads to gout, obesity,
gall stones and predisposes to apo
plexy.
Among the albuminous foods zve
find . that those most concentrated
are the meats, eggs, cream, cheese,
gelatin and gluten flour, while milk
and the stalks and leaves of vege
tables are dilute. It is a notc
zvorthy fact that eggs partiada?-ly,
and milk to a cei'tain degree, are
complete foods in themselves, that
is, are the most suitable single
foods, for they contain all the nour
ishing principles required for the
maintenance of life. Milk, hozv
roer, as single food is suitable only
for infants and sick patients.
The most concentrated' starchy
foods are rice, oatmeal, cornmeal,
wheat, corn, barley, sago, tapioca,
rye and arrowroot. These cereals,
zvhen made into bread, become less
concentrated, and in this form rank
zvith beans, peas, lentils and chest
nuts. Potatoes and parsnips are
the most dilute of the starchy foods.
Oatmeal should not be taken oftener
than three times a zveek.
By animal food is meant meats,
fat, poultry, game, fish, eggs, but
ter and milk. A small amount of
fat or butter is necessary in the
diet.
starchy 'food (cereals), green vege
tables, fruit, salt and fluid.
Wlien wishing to air< a room,
lower the 'upper window instead of
raising the lower, one, because the
warmer air. being the lighter air
i ways forms the upper layers, which
I can not be dislodged by the fresh
\and heavier air entering the lower
part of the room.
. Let the users of intoxicants be
zvanied '¦ that when the harm done
by an immoderate use, of alcohol is
felt, it is already irreparable, ex
cept in few cases, where some im
provement is obtainable if this in
toxicant is given up. It is extreme
ly foolish to say, "I partook copi
ously of alcoholic drinks for twenty
years," or "I smoked
during one-It alf of my life and
never felt any bad results from it."
Remefnber that the ill effects of
these practices, are most commonly
Jelt in] later life, and that the con
ditions jo which they give rise are
remediless.
Change your underclothing at
least once a week t and^ take a
cleansing bath with friction of skin
as often. A bath with friction is
a preventive of disease; it pro
motes the elimination of the morbid
material, equalizes the circulation
of the blood, soothes and quiets an
unbalanced nervous system, keeps
the skin healthy and clears the mind
by unloading the brain. '.'¦¦'
If your sight is normal, zvhen
reading or writing hold your book
or paper fifteen inches from your
eyes and you zvill be in no need of
glasses before the age of $0.
Never throzv the refuse or con
tents of chamber vessels near the
zvatcr well, for these filter through,
aided by the first rainfall, and pol
lute zvater. Epidem ic and con
tagious diseases are thus transmit
ted.
Do not forget that you will sleep
much better in a cold than in a
zvarm room; also that the excess of
heat arising from unduly zvarm
coverings utterferes with sleep.
Do not neglect your house drains
or allozv cesspools around your
dwelling-house,, particularly in
summer.
Sleep eight hours a day.
In order to allozv sleepy to come,
put aside all interest in this world
and- hush all active and _ exciting
thoughts as soon as you are in bed.
When in bed for your night
rest see thd your breath has a free
egress. The bed clothes should
never be drazvn over the chin, for
in this position they obstruct the
current of the expired air, and
as a result part of the latter is
inhaled again.' The • bedclothes
should be packed around the neck
and the entire face left uncovered.
The fact that a business man
who formerly used to work gladly,
full of energy and good zvill, nozv
feels disinclined to work, and be
comes easily tired and irritated at
the least cause, is evidence enough
that he has been zvearing ottf his
nervous energy by a too constant
cidc for both the mind and body.
¦ '..In the evening hours the mind
should be allozved free and unre
strained sway among relations of a
different character. A diversity of
thought, especially at this time, is as
necessary to the mind as a variety
of food to the stomach. The ad
miration of flowers, plants, pictur
esque nature, the singing of birds,
the contemplation of the waves, the
sport of children, etc., after the
hours of duty, is restful to the
mind. The person who broods over
business, family or social matters,
or enmities, ruins his health and his
mind.
American children are said to be
the worst mannered little] people in
the world. They v contradict : their
elders, break into the conversation
at willj demand • first attention at
table and regulate Itheir hour of re
tiring to suit their fancy. I have seen
children for whom 1 the meal hours
were postponed. They go to the fam
ily table before they; are old enough
to eat, and begin at ; once ;to learn
naughty tricks. .They refuse to sleep
without rocking as infants and will
not : remain in., slumber unless the
whole household , becomes silent . and
uncomfortable. . . They keep V the pa
rents close at home by haying tem
per fits whenever they, note ¦ prepara
tions > which mean; a", departure. In
fact, they are tyrants from the cradlej
if I they) have parental f permission to
exercise their ; power. 'V And the per
mission vis .often 'forthcoming, you
may.be surel .
;'v The. main cause of the lies
td - the i excess J of : parental care.; If
children were left (&¦] little more to
themselves they would be better "off.
Some) rules - there ; must be in every
family, but let them be as few as pos
sible. The simpler a child's life the
. (Copyright, 1900, by
IT* is said that the best behaved
children are those which exist
in the imagination of unmarried
women, theory children, so to speak.
It is needless to say that such per
fect creatures are not to be met in
every-day life.
With few exceptions, the ordinary
child's life is governed by an exceed
ingly loose rein. Children are allowed
too much indulgence, and always in
the wrong direction. There are very
many instances in which children
early learn to take advantage of ;an
indulgent parent, and in the learning
are fostered deceit and other evil pro
clivities. The child who comes to
know that petty thieving ) will be
overlooked by an appearance of con
trition is laying a splendid founda
tion for a life of crime and its inev
itable punishment, and, poor little
mite, he has nobody to warn him.
A careless bringing up is the cause
of many a failure in life. Children
who are accustomed to rule a house
hold expect to rule the world by the
same arbitrary methods when they
become men and women. Defeat they
accept as they took opposition from
their parents — with^a very bad grace."
They generally refuse to make an
other attempt with different-; meth
ods, and there you have the failure.
Should you spend time to analyze
the causes of a large proportion of the
divorce^ cases, you' would undoubtedly
find that over-indulgence in child
hood plays a very important part.
The wife has been a petted, spoiled
daughter^ and, with an exaggerated
opinion of her own importance, ex
pects her husband to assist in main
taining it. Perhaps he, too, had been
spoiled by foolish parents, and ex
pected ( more from his wife than she
was able to give. And an unthinking
Judge talks about incompatibility of
temper and) severs) the matrimonial
bond. .).
Walter B. Guild.)
better, and simplicity cannot obtain
where there is excessive fussiness. A
healthy child has few • needs — food,
sleep and recreation are about all out-?
side of the necessary clothing. Food
is provided by the parents with the
clothing, nature looks after the sleep
ing part of the programme, and the
child is able to furnish its own recre
ation with a little assistance in the
niatter of toys and opportunities to
use them.
Children should early be taught
the value of regularity in meals and
slumber. There should be stated, pe
riods for both, and nothing of a
trivial nature should be allowed' to
interfere with either. Positively, a
child's health and happiness depend
on these two habfts. It is better to
arrange the meal hours so that chil
dren can be fed by themselves until
their table manners have been formed
and their presence will be a creditable
addition to the family table. . Believe
me, this Is. the easiest way in which
to teach the use of napkin, knife, fork
and spoon.
Fearlessness is a trait which chil
dren bring into the world. It is killed
out by parents and attendants who
seek to. rule children through fear. It
is a precious) gift which ought to be
fostered to maturity, for it is the best
weapon with which to fight for "suc
cess. The fearless child is' usually
the truthful, honest youngster who
grows into an honorable mamber of
society. Nobody has ever been able
to explain why the possession of a
fearless spirit keeps at bay the mean
little traits which often bring ruin in
later years. But everybody acknowl
edges the fact. :
Respect for elders is not a com
mon trait among American children.
The Turk honors his mother above
every woman in the world, -and
shows . it by remaining in her pres-
ence in a standing position and with
uncovered head. It : is a ceremony he
observes with no 'other woman. The
Chinese mother is) the head of the
son's house and his wife is her slave.
The 'Japanese greatly honor their
elders and r) some ¦ of the English
speaking 1 .nations are fairly decent
in' the matter* French children, are
models of obedience and j respectful
courtesy • to their parents, \ and \ a few
Americans are', beautiful * examples of
the wise '. ruling of -careful
We do not meet them very often, but
we 'remember ; them long after the
disagreeable images of badly bred
children, too common for comfort,
have, faded away. y) ; v
It is a rank injustice to a child to
allow it •; to reach the age of discre
ti on with an 1 undisciplined mind and
a set of bad manners which' will make
its path through I life [a 1 ; thorny - one;
His knowledge) of \ his shortcomings
is sometimes sufficient to block his
way to success. \.
Give -the children a fair chance,
my friends, 'by. supplying) the best
possible /foundation— there "will be
little to fear for the structure ' they
will build upon it :
change of relation or scenery gives
relief and rest to the mental worker,
and is indispensable to him at least
once a zveck. In zvinter as zvell as
in summer he should therefore take
a stroll every Sunday beyond the
close walls of the city. Besides
this, the benefit of a scmestrial or
yearly vacation should invariably
be sought. Working beyond the
regular hours, as is the custom of
certain individuals, zvho do not let
up until late at night, is a slozv sui-
of relation, develops but very sloiv
ly ' and inadequately. The mind
kept at constant work and deprived
of an occasional change of relation
degenerates very early, and is
liable to exhaustion or insanity. A
peace and cheerfulness without un
due excitement are essential to
health and longevity'. >
The old adage, "Variety is the
spice of life," is very true. To it
we should add, "Variety is the con
servator and strengthener of the
mind." The mind kept in narrozv
quarters, with little or no change
Excessive excitements, be they
emotional, sorrozvful, tragical or
wildly enthusiastic, ,¦ are equally
harmful. Any excitement disturbs
the equilibrium of the internal func
tions, especially digestion. Calm,
bodily sickness, as cheerfulness is
to health, because the condition cf
the mind influences to a very great
degree all functions. of the body. ¦
diversion in the open air. 'Avoid
by all means brooding over your
troubles indoors. Remember that
moral sickness is closely allied to
fFAcn ntentally depressed,
grieved, anxious or ireful, take a
cup of strong black coffee and seek
sponging or bathing in summer are
natural remedies of supreme- value
in poor appetite, dyspepsia, anemia,
consumption, any run-down condi
tion, nervous affections and dis
turbances, of- the mind or mental
only well chewed food. The teeth
were made for that special purpose;
if they are poor or missing, seek the
dentist's aid.
spoonfuls of lemon or pineapple
juice. • ¦
Never forget that fresh air, sun
shine, sunlight, exercise and cold
Avoid -violent exercise and' se
vere mental exertion just -after
meals, but a moderate exercise, as
walking, will aid digestion.
Wash your hands with soap and
water before each meal, even if.
they do not appear unclean.
Brush your teeth inside and out
side at least once a day, and rinse
your mouth after each. meal.
When your stomach is out of
order give it a rest by fasting half
a day, or by taking only a little fluid
food.
Dried beans, in order to be fit for
the stomach and harmless, must be
softened by soaking and cooking to
a crumbling condition. .
Remember that the healthiest
meats are beef, mutton and poultry,
and that beef and mutton are most
easily digested and zvholesome
when broiled, roasted or staved, not
fried. -
Lean and emaciated persons,
especially those who follow labori
ous occupations, should take some
food just before bedtime, unless
their stomach is deranged. The di
gestive organs are able to digest
and assimilate food during the
night. Hunger during the night is
sometimes a cause of sleeplessness.
Take at least a total of two
quarts of fluid per day, be it water,
milk, coffee, tea, soup, beer, zvine,
etc. '. These bland fluids- are blood
purifiers, they zvash out the impuri
ties of the body. .
Remember that pure zvatcr is the
most natural and zvholesome bever
age. A glass of pure water every
morning before breakfast zvill go
far toward preventing sickness
and extending life tozvard the cen
tury mark.
The drinking ivatcr, when sus
pected to be impure, can be rendered
dangerless from disease germs by
boiling or ¦ by adding to it a tea
spoonful of cither sugar, brandy,
whisky or glycerine, or two tea-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
BENDING THE TWIG
By Mrs. ilartha; Taft. Wentworth.
THE PHYLOSOPHY
OF
GOOD HEALTH
AND
RULES OF
LONGEVITY
BY
GUSTAVE
H
MICHEL
SHALL WE
TRAVEL
BENEATH THE
SEA
IN THE NEW
CENTURY
BY
REAR ADMIRAL
PHILIP
HICH BORNno use; there is no way to get it— but oh,
I would love to have a valentine for my
very own." • • • . Just then she saw
lying In her path an envelope on which
were printed the words "Open me." With
much surprise she stooped down, and
picking it up, opened it carefully, when—
out Jumped a tiny man, no bigger than
her thumb, and he was all dressed in red,
and had tiny red hearts on his coat, no
bigger than the nail on her little finger.
In her surprise she almost dropped him,
but he was not to be easily shaken, so sat
p«rched on her sleeve and addressed her
In the tiniest voice she had ever heard.
"So you are the little girl who wants a
valentine? Well, well, we shall see. Are
you willing to obey me?" V : ; t
"Why, I guess bo," Bald Dorothy, for
the little man had such a,, delightfully
pleasant face that she felt sure he' must
have a good heart back of It. He then
produced a teeny, weeny silver heart and
gave it to her, Baying: "Take this heart
and go home and get your supper and go
to bed, but do not say a word to any one
about It, and when your mamma is asleep
go and pass this heart three times over
her head, and then she will not awaken
until you have had a visit to St. Valen
tine's Land.
"Oh, can I really go to St. Valentine's
Land? The land where the valentines
retlly grow?" Bhe asked, and he said:
DOROTHY was a poor little girl,
whose mother worked very hard In.
order to get enough for them to
eat and to clothe the child and send
her to school. Very often they did not
have enough to eat, and Dorothy was so
poorly clad that Bhe Buffered from the
cold.
Lately she had heard her little school
mate* talking eo much about Valentine's
flay. What a lot of mystery and fun and
whispering there was. to b« sure, and as
Bhe heard the children talking about all
the people to whom they were going to
e«id valentines her little heart ached with
childish sorrow, and she did wish with all
her might that she, too. would get a val
entine, or, better etlll, might be able to
buy one of the bright, pretty things and
give It to her mamma. But what could
Bhe do? She could not ask her dear
mamma for money to buy one, because
she had no money to give her, and she
knew It would only bring one more Bor
row to the dear mother heart, so she
Etudled her lessons, and was as pleasant
and kind to every one as If her little
childish heart was not aching over the
thought that Valentine's day would not
mean anything to her, as it would to her
light-hearted little playmates.
Well, school was over at last. and Bhe
walked home alone, feeling cold, hungry
and unhappy. Her eyes were fixed upon
the ground, and she was just saying, "It's
JUST now there seems to be an un
usually large number of baby heirs
to millions and titles. There Is the
three-year-old Marquis of Bland
ford. «on of the Duchess of Maryborough,
formerly Miss Vanderbllt. who Is already
beginning to recognize that he is not like
other babies. Some day this little fellow.
If h« lives, will be twice a Prince, a Duke.
a Marquis, twice an Earl and twice a
Baron. He will rule over 23,000 acres of .
land, be lord of Blenheim Palace and In
herit a good share of the Vanderbllt mil-,
lions. \
Another little) English boy who will £
come Into a rood thins when be prows up
Is little Charlie Lennox, who one fine day
will be Duke of Richmond with a variety
of other titles. Including: two more duke
doms, and will inherit nearly as much
land as there is In the two British coun
ties of Rutland and Middlesex. Along
with this fine propery go four magnificent
country houses In England and Scotland.
Another Infant not old enough yet to b«
a playfellow of the son of little Marlbor
ough is the one-year-old Earl of Breck
nock, who now toddles about the halls of
Bayham Abbey. This little fellow will
one day be*Marquls of Camden, twice an '
Earl, a Viscount and a Baron. He will
have nearly thirty square miles of real
estate, a fine country seat in Kent and
another In Wales.
A playmate of the little heir of the Van
derbllts and the Marlboroughs is the lit
tle Viscount Weymouth. who feels him
self quite a man. and has a pony of his
own. being: 5 years old. He will one day
be Marquis of Bath and draw a revenue
from 66,000 acres of land.
Lord Por Chester, heir to the earldom of
Carnarvon, to 36.000 acres of land and four -'—
great country seats, Is only 2 years old.
and. of course, is looked upon as a mere
baby by my Lords Blandford and Wey
mouth.
The future Duke of Portland is 7 years
old and is heir to an estate larger than an
English county and five splendid homes,
including the historic Welbeck Abbey.
The future Dukes of Bedford and
Sutherland are boys of 12. They will
some day share between them thirteen
peerage tltlea, nine lordly seats and con
siderably over 1.650,000 acres of land.
The Marquis of Stafford, now 3 years
old. Is heir to the largest estate in tho
United Kingdom, for the Sutherland acres
would make a compact estate 100 miles
long and more than twenty-one miles
wide. The estate contains 63.000 more
acres than the entire county of Lanca-
Among the playmates of the Marquis
of Blandford may be mentioned the Earl
of HJHsborough. who will one day be ,
Marquis of Downshire. He is 6 years old
and is three years older than his father - "
was. when he succeeded to the marquisata
and estates. The little Earl may look for
ward to an estate larger than the county
of Rutland and many titles of nobility.
Of the same age as the Earl of Hills
borough Is the Viscount Ednam, heir to
an estate of 30,000 acres of land In
Jamaica, valuable mines in England and
large Jron works.
Rich Babies Who
Will Have Titles
girl, still dressed as a fairy and holding
out the big valentine and rare flowers to
her. She opened the valentine, and out
fell a great heap of gold money— and. oh,
what smiles chased away the sadness
then. How she kissed dear little I>oro-~
thy as she told her all about It; and then
Dorothy began making wishes and tap
ping her hand with the little silver heart, „„
until their poor little home vanished 'ami
In Its place appeared a perfect palace. Just
filled with beautiful thlngs-and all be
cause of an obedient little Ctrl and tha
good St. Valentine.
*Tes, you shall, for you are a, good and"
obedient little girl, and I never take any
other kind to that beautiful country-
Farewell until to-night."
She falrlv trod on air the rest of the
way home, singing all the way, "O I am
to happy— so happy." When she reached
home her mamma met her at the door
with a kiss, and said: "What makes my
little girl have such a bright, happy face
to-day, and where did you get those two
big, red roses In your cheeks?" Dorothy
only laughed the more! and said", "O, I
feel happy to-day, mamma." She flew
around, helping about the work, and it
seemed to her she would never get supper
over and get to bed. But mamma was
unusually tired that night and retired
early. Little Dorothy waited until she
b&w her sleeping, and said: "Now for
the little silver heart: we will try It."
And she slipped over to mamma's bed and
did as St. Valentine had directed. Then
she hurriedly put on her clothes again,
and Just as she was all ready there stood
the little man before her, and taking her
by the hand passed a gold heart three
times over her head and she became as
email as he, and hand in hand they Jump
ed through a tiny hole in the window.
"Lady Dorothy, my carriage waits," he
Bald, and she saw the cunnlngest little
carriage, about the size of their sugar
bowi; and It was all red, and two tiny
red horses and a coachman dressed in red
and gold.
"Away to St. Valentine's land," he
called out to the coachman, and on they
flew, swifter than the wind, and it was
bo delightful to go through the air this
way that Dorothy laughed till she held
her Bides, and Jolly little St. Valentine
laughed, and even the tiny horses laughed
and the coachman heard them and he
laughed. It was all so perfectly lovely
and Dorothy was so happy. And oh! they
passed through the queerest . countries.
Some of the houses were upside down and
the people standing on their heads, and
horses and all kinds of animals walking
on their backs with their feet in the air,
and children walking on their heads and
the blue sky was underneath and the trees
on top. Dorothy said: "Why, what coun
try Is this? It makes me dizzy to look at
It" St. Valentine replied: "It is the Up
side Down country. They don't mind 1L
They have always been that way, you
know." Dorothy said: '•Well, anyway, I
am glad that I live in the Rightside Up
country."
Next they passed through the land of
Giants, and oh! how tiny she did feel as
she looked away up to the people who
were as big as trees. She could not sea
their faces, they were bo far away, so
the coachman stopped the carriage and
8t. Valentine produced a very fine ladder,
and he and Dorothy placed this ladder
against one of the big giants and r raa
clear up to the top of it/ hand in hand,
and peeped right Into the giant's face and
said, "How do you doT'. The giant tried
to brush them off with his hand, and
caid in a voice like thunder, "Those ', hor
rid mosqultos are such a nuisance," and
St. Valentine fairly roared In his ear, "O
I don't know," and the giant looked f bo
funny. Dorothy laughed, arid said: "Mos
quitos! Indeed! "Well. I never thought
I should ever be called a mosquito." '" And
then they ran down the ladder again, but
thy looked In wonder to see whence It
came; and discovered that many of the
cupids who were flying through the * air
had harps and violins and other kinds of
musical instruments, and as they' played
they "would produce the most wonderful
harmony— more beautiful than any that
Dorothy had ever heard. It made her feel
! like dancing, and she was delighted when~
a little group of fairies, all dressed in red
gauze, wl th . silver ; and gold hearts . scat
tered all- over their 'dresses, approached
her and said, altogether: "Will you dance
'with us, fair maiden— the dance of the
.Valentines?", Taking her rapturous smile
to mean-yes, they took her hand, and as
soon as they had touched, her she looked
down and saw that she, too, was dressed
In red gauze with gold and 'silver hearts.
And, oh, such beautiful little red Blippersi
Away they went, in the merriest' dance
that was ever danced. : No mortal child
could' ever dance that way. She must be
a •'really" fairy Just now; and. oh. how
perfectly lovely it was to be a Valentine
fairy. One felt as light as a feather, and
could have laughed and danced forever.
The music rose high and sweet above the
merriment, and St. Valentine danced on
in front of them, until at last they came
to the most wonderful tree — It was the tree
where the valentines grew; and the fairies
grouped In a ring around it and danced
nnci sang. Dorothy seemed to ha # ve known
the words and music always, and she
sang with the others, until' St. Valentine
waved his wand and they all stood still.
and a long silver wand was placed in 'the
eager hands of each little fairy. They
were all little girls. Just like Dorothy,
who had been so good. that St. Valentine
not until Dorothy had seen that his eyes
were like two big windows and his hair
like a field of wheat. .
She looked In at some of the shop win
dows and saw great sticks of candy, as
big as a small tree. "Oh, If I had just one
of these," she said, "It would last me all
my life." They Jumped 'Into the carriage
again, and on they sped, stopping a little
while in "Animal Land," where she. saw
something muoh . nicer than the circus
monkeys by the score playing the funniest
pranks, and elephants doing the "cake
walk," and kangaroos dancing the "skirt
dance," cats and mice sleeping sweetly
side by side and a lot of lions and lambs
having a bJg frolic In- the most friendly
way Imaginable. Birds sang and dogs
barkedr and food for all the different
kinds of animals grew on trees and
bushes, -while clear streams of water
flowed through the land. But they could
not tarry long, for they must hasten on
to the end of their Journey. • • • The
Fcehe changed. There were miles of tho
most gorgeous flowers, with beautiful but
terflies, many-colored and as large as din
ner plates, hovering over them. The air
was filled with the rarest perfume, and
flying all around among the beautiful
•trees were .little cuplds, with sliver bows
and arrows. They kept shooting at every
one they saw, but it did not hurt a bit
only made one feel very happy. Finally the
coachman stopped and opened the door;
they had reached St. Valentine's Land;
aitl there was a red velvet carpet spread
out for their feet. St. Valentine passed
the heart over Dorothy's head and his
own, and they became their usual size.
All the air was full of music, and Doro-
had changed them into fairies for Just
this one night. Each one was given a
large golden basket by one of the Attend
ant cuplds, and then with the silver wand
she could. reach even .to the very top of
the big tree and point to the valentine
she liked best,, and as soon as she
touched It It would fall off and fly; right
into the basket, and as fast as It fell off
another one would grow in Its plf ce, bo
that- the tree was never emptyl This was
more fun than anything of which Doro
thy had ever dreamed, and she got enough
valentines for every person she had ever
known In all her little life, and one— such
a beautiful big one— for dear mama. . St.
Valentine Emlled In a very pleased way
when he saw the one she had selected for
mamma, and said It was the very one he
had intended for her mamma. And It hap
pened that the valentines the little girls
selected for their mammas were all Just
alike, and very fat and heavy. Finally all
the golden baskets were full, and the
children were all allowed to remain the.i
natural size, and when they- bad said
good-by all around they saw a very large
red carriage and very large red horses
waiting for them. So each one was bun
dled In, with many good wishes from St.
Valentine and with all their golden bas
kets full; for each mamma a huge bouquet
of flowers, such as they had never before
seen.
Away they whizzed, stopping nowhere
this time, but In haste to be home before
dawn. Each little girl was safely deliv
ered, and finally Dorothy reached her own
little home. She still 'had the silver heart,
and St. Valentine had told her whenever
she wished for anything to tap three times
with the heart on the palm of her left
hand, and her wish would be gratified.
So after the coachman had opened tha
door with a little golden key, she ran up
stairs and waved the heart over her
mother's head, and she awakened.
What was her surprise to see her little
THE SUNDAY CALL.
IN
ST VALENTINES
LAND
BY
JESSIE JULIET
KNOXa very respectable, nice little nose.
Frequently I se* a child with a one
sided, lumpy head, and I know that I
hare before me a poor little creature who
has. been robbed of his birthright, phys
ical symmetry.
Many, Infants present themselves t» m
more or less admiring family on the occa
sion, of their first appearance with dis
tressingly distorted and bumpy heads.
There are physical reasons for thes* ec
centric looking little pates, and nature
will assert her authority without other
assistance In most - cases. Occasionally
the -little bead fails to acquire a proper
roundness, and then the hands of th*
mother or nurse should assist in smooth
ing away the- unnatural and disfiguring
lumps.- \
"Wnere the head Is long and narrow and
one-sided, a gentle pressure of the hands
with a movement from toe chin to th* top
of the head will often repair this distor
tion In a few weeks' time.
The pressure should be firm, never hard,
and never painful to th* Infant.
The human countenance U of very flex
ible material and Uttle children who ax*
allowed to make grimace* very *ooa
show the effect of facial lines that later
on destroy th* harmony and beauty of
the countenance. I
On* cannot begin too early to oppose
and counteract all such habits in children.
So far as the mouth is concerned the
form of this feature depends greatly upon
the care bestowed upon the teeth in baby
hood. It la never too soon to begin to
take care of a child's mouth, and it is
well, for mothers, to understand that a
baby s teeth require brushing and rinsing
and were never interded to be removed
by decay.
A child should shed its first baby teeth
at about the eighth year, and if they have
been properly cared for these little teeth
should drop out without a defective speck
on any of them.
If the early teeth are looked after they
will nerve until the Jaws are sufficiently
grown and strong to produce teeth capa
ble of doing service for a lifetime, and
these teeth will come in regular and beau
tiful, unices there is some inherited de
fect cither in the formation of the Jaw or
the failure of some of the chemical con
stituents.
. TREATMENT FOR SCALD HEAD.
Wash the little bead each night before
bedtime with a pure soap, rinse and dry
it with a soft towel, then apply the
pomade made as follows:
Resorcin. 4 grains; lanolin. 8 grains;
vaseline, 8 grains.
Let the ointment remain on all night,
wash it away in the morning. with pure
soap and repeat the application of the
unguent if necessary. Usually it suffices
to anoint the head all night only.
If the baby b«; troubled with what is
called "prickly heat," perhaps you dress
him too warmly. Try loosening hla cloth
ing and also making it a trifle lighter.
Dissolve a small teaspoonful of bicar
bonate of eoda In his bath. This Is excel
lent. You might also bathe the affected
parts with diluted witch hazel, uslnra,
soft linen cloth or velvet sponge.
FROM childhood we Impose upon our
feet, making them conform to a
shape in shoes, decreed by fashion
and quite at variance with nature's
arrangement. I find ninety-nine women
out of a hundred have taken just such or
kindred liberties with their pedal extremi
ties, and once the 'feet have been thus
tampered with they never quite recover.
Massage is a wonderful method for
soothing the aches of feet that have been
improperly shod, as well as for the pain
that comes from overexertlon, long walk
ing or standing. -
To give tiredjCeet restful, delightful mas
sage the operator need not be an expert
masseuse. The process begins with an
application of a quieting lotion to the foot
by the hand of the opefator. Arnica di
luted with warm water. will prove a sim
ple and soothing application.
After the lotion has dried rub. the foot
gently, using a good toilet cream or oil of
eweet almonds. Always draw the blood
from the ankle or instep to the toes. Sup
port the instep or ball of the foot with the
left hand, while rubbing with the right,
using the downward movement on. the
ouslde of foot and ankle.- A rotary mo
tion on the instep Is also very restful.
All the nerves start from the feet,- which
Should be treated the same as the head
removing the Bhoes and elevating the feet
to a comfortable position— not too high.
The foot- should never -be massaged
without using a little oil or cream. For
a tender foot whteh perspires too freely'
always use oil, alcohol and ammonia
combined, one ounce of oil, two ounces of
alcohol and 'one tablespoonful of ammo-.
nM. For a burning foot us* cream or olL
No. 1— Borate of sodium, one drachm;
extract of cannabis, one scruple;, collo
dion, one ounce. Paint over the corn or
bunion every day once or twice, and after
five or six applications tha superficial
growth can be scraped off.
No. 2— Salicylic acid, one drachm; co
caine, five grains; collodion, one-half
ounce. Paint over the corn or bunion
twice a day,' and scrape., away the super
ficial growth at the end of three or four
days. ¦
The following recipe will be found good
for the treatment of chilblains:
Camphor, one drachm; beta-naphthol.
ten grains; cocaine, five grains; diachy
lon ointment, one ounce. After bathing
the part in hot water balsam of copaiba
Is painted over the surface.
For tired and tender feet try bathing
them in hot water into which a big hand
ful of sea salt has been dissolved. ..Let the
feet remain in the water fifteen minutes.
Dry and rub the soles with a half-lemon.
The relief is most grateful.
Either one of these two formulas will be
found effective for excessive and odorous
perspiration:
No. 1— Oleate of zinc, one-half once:
powdered starch, one ounce; salicylic acid
one scruple.
No. 2— Beta-naphthol, one-half drachm;
distilled witch hazel, four ounces. AddIv
well to the skin.
The following formulas represent good
.prescriptions for the treatment of corns
and bunions:- ;
Above all things avoid short shoes. They
•are the causes of that obstinate and pain
ful trouble called Ingrowing toenail. The
best shoe is that which is long and broad,
with the sole projecting as much as one
eighth of an inch beyond the foot. Avoid
extremely sharp-pointed shoes. Happily
they are no longer in fashion; and the
woman who has a square foot need not
pinch her toes In order to be correct.
A soda footbath is as effective as any
other treatment for burning feet. Take a
handful of common washing soda and let
it dissolve in a large foot tub two-thirds
full of tepid water. Soak the feet in this
bath for twenty minutes. Usually It will
remove the burning sensation and give
great relief.
Iodine should never be used on the foot in
its full strength. .
Distorted gr^at toe joints are always
caused by shoes too short for the foot. To
relieve the pain and throw the Joint back
into place put a bit of thick felt between
the great and second toes. To massage
the sore joint always hold the toe In place
by separating the great and second toes.
This of itself will give relief. Never mas
sage the great toe joint by a pressure that
will bend the great toe still further to
ward the second toe.
This movement Is shown in the illustra
tion "to remove a droop in the eyelid."
The movement is made with the third fin
ger only of either hand, and la vibratory.
This is the rotary motion, as shown in
the diagram. It is reversed in the work
on the brow, but always backward on the
temples.
It has been said that a woman cannot
afford to shed many tears after she is"
five and twenty, or if she does it will be
at the expense of the beauty of her eyes,
as the lachrymal glands are relaxed by
weeping and the orbicular tissues (the
orbicularis is the circular muscle of the
eyelid) become emaciated, causing the dis
figurement known as drooping eyelids,
nothing but the most skillful manipulation
can restore the contour of those delicate
tissues.
The first picture show? the movement
for obliterating horizontal lines and fur
rows in the brow.
The skin combines within itself the pow
ers of an organ of excretion, secretion,
respiration and nutrition. After it has ab
sorbed the skin food it requires it will
accept no more for the time being, and
the operator may commence the smooth
ing-out process. All ltne<» should be
smoothed out: that is. they should be
treated with the thumb and forefinger in
an opposite direction to their formation.
My own masseuse says:
"In giving massage the patient's face is
first bathed in warm v.-ater and carefully
dried with a soft towel. I use a little
cream or skin food to anoint my fingers
during the treatment."
before a woman gives herself massage
she should study the plate given in this
book, showing the muscular construction
of the face and throat, and she should
recollect that the muscles must be devel
oped by the exercise— which is given
them in the various motions. All the im
portant facial and throat muscles are
manipulated, the operator anointing her
fingers with a tissue or skin-feeding un
guent, or skin food, which ha's usually a
basis of lanolin, because of its penetrat
ing qualities, and is gently rubbed into the
skin. It is quite wonderful to see how
gratefully the skin accepts nourishment In
this way. I am never tired of watching
and marveling at the sensibility, the re
sponsiveness and the power of its resist
ance.
needs facial massage, even $1 is far be
yond her means, and in such cases the
subject may do the work herself on her
own face and it is work and not play, let
it be understood, and fatiguing work, too,
when properly done.
The word massage is derived from the
Greek masso, to knead. It does not, as
many alleged operators appear to con
sider, mean to pinch, or punch, or bruise,
or beat the tender flesh and nerves until
the victim is as tore as a pugilist after a
prize-light.
Where the muscles are much relaxed
they are actually sensitive to the touch,
and they suffer punishment at the first
treatment -if they are properly manipu
lated.
Most women begin to show age by a re
laxed condition of the muscles of the lieck
and throat, and no woman, I am sure, has
ever sesn this first sign of advancing
years without a linking of the heart. I
do not hestitate to say that by care the
contour of the neck and throat can be
positively restored to the firmness and
beauty of youth in all cases where there
is not some wasting disease and where
the subject Is not over CO years of age.
Hollow cheeks till out In an amazing
way when this manipulation is properly
and persistently given.
The manipulation of the cheek muscles
Is a sort of clawing movement. The mus
cles must be accurately located and the'
motion light and quick. Generally speak
ing, all facial massage movements are
outward and upward. I
The operator must know how to locate
these muscles, beginning at the origin of
the trumpeter's muscle and manipulating
upward to- the predominating muscle
above the ear. finishing the work on this
muscle with the rotary movement, which
will force the circulation through- the re
laxed muscles, invigorate and rebuild the
tissues. This movement, in connection
with the manipulation of the mahler or
cheek muscles, will completely obliterate
the lines of care, but in giving these
movements special attention must be paid
to the chin, as the contour of this most
Important feature can be diminished or
abnormally enlarged by improper manip
ulation.
• The proper movement for developing the
predominating muscle of the face is
shown in another Illustration. The prin
cipal muscle of the cheek, called the trum
peter's muscle, is a flat muscle which
forms, the wall of the cheek. It derives
its name from its being much used in
blowing the trumpet. But several other
muscles enter into its formation, and
these become relaxed from a disorganized
system, sluggish blood and many other
causes. The glands shrink, the fatty tis
sues emaciate and then we have sunken
cheeks.
Another illustration shows the move
ment for removing laughing wrinkles.
Laughing wrinkles are not disagreeable,
r-m they certainly make a woman look
older.
The temporal muscle is the one to be
operated upon. The muscle is fan-shaped.
Its fibers arise from the aponeurosis of
the forehead. The operator must exercise
great skill and care to locate this muscle,
giving it the proper rotary movement,
thus forcing the blood to the surface,
which will nutrify and rebuild the fatty
tjssues and restore the temple and nasal
contour.
FOIL fifteen years Krs. Harriet
IHubbard Ayrr has bsen experi
menting:, raanufecturing, writing
and studying along the lines of mak
ing people beautiful. To be beautiful
you must b3 healthy. Mrs. Ayer has
kept that fret well in mind and con
e^qncntly all her practical -work and
lecturing hes b~cn on the common
eensc basis cf health first as the fore
mnrer cf personal b;auty afterward.
She lies recently published a book on
the subject—a vrork cf some 600
r:iges—v.liert:n Ere giv:n not only
all the valuable articles which have
been a feature cf the New York Sun
ctsy T7orld, but also much else of in
terest to the health and bsauty seek
er. Th«? following papers are taken
from this work. Coining as they do
from the recognized American au
thority on such matters, you will
fad them worthy of careful attantion
and preservation.
"
<rr N spit* cf all that has been said for
•I and apainst wrinkle removers. I do
ii nm hesitate to declare that massape
after the Sw><*.!sh system is the only
reliable and l.iFtirg method of so strength
ening the facial muscles that they will
purport ar.6 hold the fatty tissues firmly
a* in healthy youth.
When the muscles of the face relax, the
underpinning, so to speak, cf the structure
becomes weak and flabby, and the face
presents a withering, shrunken look, be
cause the tissue? are weakened and im
poverished and have nothing stable to rest
upon. '
If the arm or log were to present the ap
pearance of shrinking and withering ap
parent in the face of almost every woman
over i* all physicians of all schools would
agree that the patient required massage.
Iriction. gymnastics and perhaps ek-ctric
ity to strengthen the weakened muscles.
There have, indeed, been cures of seem
ingly hopeless paralysis by massage, con
tinuously, systematically and scientifically
given.
If a shrunken arm may be restored to
symmetry and perfect contour, why not a
shrunken cheek? Obviously one result is
as logical as the other. The great difficul
ty is that in treating an arm or a leg we
follow our physician's advice and secure a
scientific masseur; but for some inexpli
cable reason we trust our faces, whose
delicate anatomy and muscular structure
we know next to nothing about ourselves,
to the first woman whose sign "facial
treatment" or "facial massage" meets our
eyes on the street, and who is just one
degree more ignorant than we ourselves.
No woman is competent to give benefi
cial massage to the fax-e unless she has
studied its anatomy, knows every nerve
and muscle in Its construction, and has
practiced th» giving of facial gymnastics
lor at least a twelvemonth under one of
the professors of the Swedish school.
I suppose I am acquainted with nearly
every so-called method of giving so-called
massage in this countrv. It Is utter noa
eense to talk of different methods. There
is only one real way of properly adminis
tering true facial gymnastics, and that is
after the school founded by the great
Ling, the originator of the system. Where
a woman can afford to employ a skillful
masseuse of course she should do so.
First-class Swedish graduates receive,
naturally, good pay for their services, and
but recently have been unwilling to give
facial treatments alone, but there are two
or three experts In this line who now give
the facial treatment at prices not high
when the quality of the service rendered
Is considered.
Frequently, however, to a woman who
THE SUNDAY CALL. •
WE are all of us prone to discourse
on the beauties of chlidhod, and
truly there Is nothing more
charming than the features of
lovely infancy. -
We recall instantly the little child with
eyes so gentle, so fearless and affection
ate, and that reflect our every emotion.
We smile at the dimpled faces, the chubby
little forms of the babies whom we know,
but occasionally we see a little child who
Is a positive distortion of infancy, and
perhaps we '•, wonder only that babyhood
can be so unattractive,
. I happen to know a little child may be
physically trained into great beauty, even
with ' the most meager equipment, and
every time I see a little tot with hideously
outstanding ears I long to reach Its moth
er and beg her to make sightly features
of, these almost monstrous and unneces
sary def ormlties. "
•There is no sense in permitting a child
to grow up with aural appenda looking
like oyster shells - rudely atached to th«
sides of the head. :.,...
Nothing: destroys the lymmetrr of ..the
head as these. outstanding and distorted
ears.
| No girl can grow up to be a beautiful
maiden, no boy can ever be at his best,
whose ears are literally deformities.
Beginning 1 with the day of Its birth a
baby's ears should receive attention. If
the nurse understands her' prof esston she
will take care always to see that the lit
tle ear Is folded back against the side. of
the head when , the infant reclines , upon
one side. When the baby ¦ lies upon its
back she will see that even th*e softest
pillow does not press the ear out from
the side of the head.
Such care as this will always result in
a prettily formed «ar lying; dot* to th*
head, as nature, intended.
Where the child has been , neglected in
Infancy it takes more time' and it takes
more skill to coax the ear Into the habit
of lying dose to the head.
For this purpose the skeleton ear cap
was devised about fifteen years ago and
is in almost universal use in England.- -
This little cap 'may be purchased . for a
[.trifle, or an ingenious mother may make
one of straps of linen tape held together
by bits of elastic tape, which aUows the
necessary flexibility. x .
It. is conceded that .a. straight nose
comes nearer to the accepted standard of
beauty than any other, and a flat pug
nose Is certainly very ugly. If mothers
and nurses will but take heed there need
be no pug-nosed children.
It Is a curious fact, but one which will
be corroborated by all who pay attention
to the matter, that persons with upturned
noses invariably use their handkerchiefs
with ' an upward flourish whenever they
have occasion to use them at all. and that
those with turned down noses cultivate
the, very opposite manner of handkerchief
etiquette. Now, nothing can be much
uglier than the first mentioned habit, also
noth'rg so potent in helping the pug to do
its.v rst. - .
Now the nose may be really modeled
if the baby to. whom it belongs is caught
early enough. ; • —
A baby's nose is very much like a bit of
putty. It has no bone, and it will respond
to. pressure daily applied t of a very wise
and knowing thumb and forefinger. There
is not a mother in the universe. who can*
not make a nice, straight little nose out of
the'most i hopeless baby ¦ pug' if she will
several times a day. by the means of tha
thumb and , forertnger, press the diminu
tive organ into the shape it should have.
The, baby whose picture has been used
to Hlustrate this _ article had the slim
mest excusefor a'nose'I have ever seen,
but I produced on this unhappy infant's
countenance, In the; course of two year*/
and that was longer than it usually takes,
PAGES FROM HARRIET HUBBARD AYER'S
BOOK HEALTH AND BEAUTY
HOW TO MASSAGE THE FEET
HOW TO MAKE BABY PRETTY"I tell you." exclaimed the wan man.
excitedly, "one doesn't feel the stinging
curse of poverty until one has the bright
est baby In town and can spare only a
beggarly $5 a month from his salary with
which to buy drinks to get people to stand
still while he tells about its sayings and
doings."— Detroit Journal.
v T was ten minutes past Mr. Bowser's
11 usual hour for returning home when
il Mir. Bowser caught the sound of his
footsteps. He came along with a ecuff.
fcuIT, scuff, as If his knees were giving
way. and she knew exactly what was to
happen. He «>s out of sorts In a gen
eral way, and nothing would please him.
. Af he opened the front door he gave it
three kicks and as he pulled off his cver-
Copyright, 130J. by C. B. Lewis.)
"Never nlnd what I've got, 1 ' he replied
as he led the way to dinner. "A man
who will kake a fool of himself with his
eyes wlc .pen deserves '.all sorts of pun
ishment- j
"Have y <i got one of i your old head
aches. de»-r" she asked as he slammed
his hat or a pegr of the hall f tree with a
grunt
coat he yank d It this way and that as
If he would f yar a sleeve out." *
-.There was a look of martyrdom on his
face, and she knew that she was In for a
bad evening. She didn't ask how he had
made a fool of himself and the meal was
eaten almost In silence. It was only after
they reached the family room that he be
gan:
"Mrs. Bowser, as I suppose you have a
legal right to call yourself, is there such
a thing In this wretchedly conducted
house as a darning needle?"
"Of course there Is. What do you want
Df one?"
"I will show you,'" he said as he sat
down to remove his right shoe and dls-.
played a hole about as big as a shirt but
ton In the heel of his sock: • ' > ' ¦
'•'A darning needle, Mrs. Eowfier— a
darning needle and some yarn or. twine or
wire to mend this hole, which has given
me agony ' all day. I meant to have
brought home a shoemaker's awl and
a waxed end, but I forgot.lt. Don't put
yourself out at all, but if the things are
handy let me have them."
His lip quivered as he looked at her, and
she picked up the shoe and felt inside. In
the heel was a peg sticking up.
"Here Is what wore the hole In your
sock," she said as she pointed it out. "If
you've been prancing around all day on
that peg It's no wonder you are homesick
for your mother. What else has gone
wrong?".
"Never mind," he replied,, as he heaved
a tremendous sigh. "I'm no hand to com
plain, and I shall try to put up with things
to the very end. It's nothing to you how
much I suffer."
for a year.** .i
"You'd say so. of course —of course!" he
sighed, as he began to walk around. "Do
you know r couldn't find an undershirt
this morning when I wanted to changer'
"Then it's your own fault. There are
five or six in the bottom drawer of your
dresscr. I heard you rummaging around
In the clothespress and wondered what
you were after. If there's any husband
In this world whose clothes are better
looked after I should like to see him."
"Then take our butcher bill. Mrs. Bow
ser-take our butcher bill, and see what
sort of a manager you are. Do you know
that it was 60 cents more this week than
last? And yet we had poorer meats all
through. It simply shows your reckless
extravagance."
"I deny it!" she^replied. "The increase
this week was because of your buying a
whole ham at once. You stopped and gave
the order, and I had nothing to do with
„ . . .•."..-.
"Last fall," he went on without minding
her, "you read of a bargain sale and you
coerced me into giving you money to buy
six-pairs of'silk stockings. . Last night
while I was down to look at the gas meter
I found one of those stocking* among the
paper.and rags'. I didn't say anything
about It then, but"—
.- _ •_ -¦ ,.,' ¦ - .. :,'. .„, .
¦ "You found nothing of the; kind-" she
interrupted. ,."! have a pair on and the
. ¦ _ . ,..¦... •¦«.«•
same time. I took a look at the coal bins.
and the extravagance almost struck me
dumb... If there had been proper economy
n this house we should have saved at
least two tons of coal. The coal Is In your
charge. Have you sold It by the bag to
get money to buy novels, or have you had
It thrust Into the furnace as If it cost no
more than sawdust?"
"So I make the weather! Aren't you al
, ways shoving coal into the furnace
when you are homo and complaining that
I keep the house as cold as a stable? And
• thus far this winter the coal has lasted
two weeks better than last."
• "And take the case of your mother." he
said as a sudden shiver passed over htm. •
* "What Is wrong with my mother?"
"Did I marry your mother when I -mar
ried. you? Did my marriage with her
daughter gjve her the right to come sall
'n *» *nto this house whenever the fit
8trlkes her and tel1 me that I must or
must n" do t^ va:-or. \°l Tou kl 'o;' ler
'e€lln&s "ward jne. * U d ° y °" Writ f h, er '
¦ do you advise^ her. do you telegraph her
to keep away from my,house and not up
set me • ; .:
"Perhaps I ought to write her to ret off
the earth, wid Mrs. Bowser with a toss
of her head. •
- Mr. Bowser looked at her In sadness.
-P Ity and reproof for a mlnutc ''- then he
o flun * hlmself on the lounge on his back,
and as the room grew quiet he closed his
i eyes and slept and dreamed.. He dreamed
¦ ¦ B g WMr-. want of care f J"j£
clotheg and her recklesg n^a^e^*
that one night after she had cone to bed
he afflxe.j B a hook to the celling and
< hanged himself by the neck till he was
dead.
"You've got *lx as good -shirts as any
man ever, wore, and If you'll find a hole
in one of, them I'll give you my pin money
"And my shirt s-f-I buy thousands of new
shirts every year,,; but am still forced to
wear shirts with holes In them. .What be
comes of the new ones? Are they sold to
the junk dealer as fast as. I buy. them, or
are they • reduced to rags . through envy
and 'malice?"
Mr. Bowser Eighed and ahook his head
in a mournful way and walked around,
and the cat sighed. and j shook her j head
and followed him. ; Presently he stopped
and said: '¦ '. - . ." ;.•::-.-.*•
"Do I know anything 'about holes • In
your pockets unless you speak of them?"
protested Mrs.. Bowser. "You know I'm
always ready -to mend and repair at a
minute's notice."; . •¦ ' ¦< ¦
"What else? Why. I could tell you mil
lions of things, but what's the use? I'll
only mention that I lost over $2 In silver
to-day through a hole in my pocket.- That
hole has been there for a week, but, or
course. It was of no Interest to you. If I
had' the Icepick and some strips of bark
I'd try to mend It."
"Yes, I see. It's one of your old neck
ties. It's frayed and soiled. You hunted
it out of the ragbag instead of taking one
from your drawer. You've got at least six
good ties. What else?" • . .
"Woman, look at that!" he exclaimed,
with spirit, as he peeled off his coat, vest
and tollar and held out his necktie' at
arm's length.
"But what do you suffer? Speak up and
let me know."
paper-over to the astounded Old Grn-
ceryman, "read it for yourself, and then
don't blame me If you go making any mis-
takes. It isn't likely that the press of a
great city Ilk* New York are in league to
fool one poor old geez»r with whiskers."
Before passing over the paper the Bad
Boy had made sure his old friend liad
left his spectacles in his room; and he
knew that without glasses the Old Gro-
ceryman's aged eyes could not make out
a word of fine newspaper print.
The old man was keenly sensitive con-
cernlng the strength of liis eyesight, so he
scanned the printed page thoujrhtfully for
a few minute*, pretending to read, and
then exclaimed:
"That's so, boy! Just as you said It
was."
"Now," pursued the Had Boy. "don't
you think, since you've used Russell
Sage's name so often and to such good
effect, that it would be a kindly attention-
for you to take him a box of-flowers?
I'll show you where his office is; and af-
terward we can go a'cross to the bridge
and see Chief Devery make that marvel-
ous leap." .
• • •• • •• •
A tired clerk who was cross at. having to
work on Washington's birthday was sit-
ting in Mr. Sage's office as the door
opened and the Old Groceryman, carry-
Ing In both hands an enormous white box
containing cut flowers he had purchased
at an unheard of price from an uptown
florist. On the box's cover was written:
"TO A CHEERFUL GIVER."
"ITcre, yoiing man." he eald,* thrusting
the box on the astonished clerk, "take this
to your boss with the compliments of the
season."
Just then one of the porters ''em-
ployed in the building—a wizened, stoop-
ing old man—came out of Mr. Sage's in-
ner office .where he had been sweeping.
On sight of him the Old Groeeryman
<irew back the box and rushed upon the
newcomer and hailed h!m with effusion.
"Take it!" he shouted. proudly. "Mr.
Sage, take this here box as a slight token
of my opinion of you. I calculate It3
contents will surprise you some. Careful,
there!' Don't you let it drop!"
,The porter had mechanically received
the box and hart opened his lips to pro-
test; but on hearing the ominous advice
not "to let the box drop, he and the clerk
Jumped as If struck by lightning. Mem-
ories of bomb-throwing cranks rushed to
their minds, and the porter laid the mys-
terious box on the nearest table as though
it contained-thin-shelled eggs and bolted
for. the hallway, screeching for help at
the ton of his lungs.
"Well, I declare!" simpered the grati-
fled Groceryman. "If Mr. Sage ain't so
pleased that he's run off to tell his other
friends in the building!" ¦•
But before the old man could think fur-
ther the clerk, who was an athletic young
fellow, bore down upon him and pinioned
his arms behind his back.
/'This daring capture will mean a raise
of pay for me." chuckled the clerk as he
flung the protesting victim to the floor
and sat on his head.
"Guess you're Jealous 'cause you didn't
think to bring Mr. Sago a box, too."
shouted the Old Groceryman, "but I tell
you if you don't let me up and quit settln*
on my head I'll have the law on you."
At that moment in swarmed three po
licemen with the porter and Janitor at
their heels. The Old Groceryman was
quickly handcuffed; and before he real
ized what had happened he was on the
way to the Church-street police station.
marching between two policemen, while
the third officer, pale and trembling,
walked in front, holding the box at arm's
length, and the porter, clerk and Janitor
followed behind. In the ofllng, far out
of s'Knt. cruised the Bad Boy.
At the station house the captain of the
thundered the policeman; but the Old Gro
ceryman. catching of the uniform
and taking him for Chief Devery, grabbe-J
' the astonished bluecoat by the arm and
dragged him again toward the rail.
"Hurry up there. Deacon Devery!"
bawled the old man. "There goes tha
central span, and if you don't jump pretty
spry you'll be too lite. Jump now, and
good luck to you. you gallant hero!" And
be shoved the wonderlne policeman ha!?
way over the rail above the passing
horses before the victim could wriggle
free,
"Say!" shouted the supposed I>every.
twirling his night-stick within an
eighteenth of an Inch of.the Old Grocery
man's nose, "the hayseed on your whis
kers has struck inward and there's a. crop
of wild oats growing In the thing: you cat!
a brain. Get off the bridge before I soak
you with the willow." •
"Come on!" whispered the Bad Boy,
drawing hla old friend out of earshot of
the policeman. "Don't you see you've
spoiled It all? You detained the Chief *o
long that the central span has passed by,
and now he can't Jump at all. That'j
what made him so angry. "We'll have to
hurry away before tha disappointed crowd
find3 us or we'll be torn to pieces. Sup
pose we cross over to Brooklyn and spend
a quiet afternoon In Greenwood. Lots of
famous people are stopping there perma
nently, nowadays."
GEORGE "W. PECK.
In his excitement the Old Groceryman
sprang up on the rail and began to clam
ber over to the further side in order to
see better when the bridge- Jumping chief
should heave in sight.'
As he did so the watchful policeman
rushed up from behind and seized the old
man and deposited him with a thump on
the concrete pavement of the promenade.
"You'll get the electric chair for tnls!"
precinct examined the box cautiously.
"I can hear wheels buzzing inside this
thing," he declared. "Doorman, get a
tub of water and we'll open the Infernal
machine In there after shaking 1 It for hai;
an hour. Prisoner, what time was this
machine set for?"
- "Well." gasped the- utterly bewllderetl
Old Groceryman. "I kind of lotted on Mr-
Sage's opening it about noon."
"Due to go off In four minutes!" shout
ed the captain, consulting hi? -watch and
then plunging the box Into the tub.
"Look here!" cried the Old Groceryman
In protest, "that'll ruin It."
"Shut up!" counseled a patrolman, en
forcing his command by a prod of- his
billy. , . .
The captain was carefully opening the
box, holding It a foot under water, while)
everybody else modestly tried to hide be
hind his neighbor.
The next moment the captain rose to his
feet amid a howl of laughter and started
for the old man.
The Groceryman traveled through space
at the rate of sixty miles a second and
landed in the arms of the Bad Boy on the.
pavement outside.
"Mr. Sage Is so suspicious," explained
the Bad Boy soothingly, as his old friend
gazed at him with deep suspicion. "Since
people began dropping bombs in his office
he thinks every present Is an Infernal ma
chine. "When he learns it was only & box
"of flowers he'll no doubt write you a nice
letter of apology and Invite you around
to one of his sumptuous office luncheons.
And now hurry up, or we'll be late for
that grand annual leap from the bridge.
Chief Devery won't be likely to wait for
us, you know. So put a move on."
They passed y.p Broadway, which thor
oughfare en all holidays Is but a pathetlo
ghost of Its usual thronged, noisy, hust
ling self.
"Why. where's all the crowds to-day?"
aFked the Old Groceryman as they turned
Into City Hall Park and trod the almost
deserted plaza.
"The whole city has boarded tugs and
other river craft, or gone down to the
docks, to watch the Jump," replied the
Bad Boy. "Now. my own idea is for us
to watch the leap from above— on the
bridge itself. If we go to the docks there'll
be such a crowd we can't see a thing."
They reached the New York terminus.
and, dodging the triple semicircle of cable
cars at the "loop." came out on the
bridge promenade.
It was the Oid Groceryman's first visit
to Brooklyn bridge, and he gazed admir
ingly down the upper bay toward Staten
Island and the Statue of Liberty. So lost
In admiration was he that he did not no
tice that tha Bad Boy had left his side for
a moment.
The Bad Boy approached a bridge po
liceman, and slipping $3 Into the blue
coat's hand. whispered that the Old Gro
ceryman was his uncle from the country,
who had come to New York to be cured
of suicidal mania and who had declared
his Intention that day of Jumping oft
Brooklyn bridge.
The policeman promised to keep an eye
on the unfortunate old man, and In return
for the Jo not to arrest him, but merely to
give the Old Grcceryman a good scare.
Then the Bad Boy rejoined his old friend
and together they proceeded along the
promenade, followed at a distance by tha
policeman. ¦ .
"You say Chief Devery Is to Jump from
the central span?" queried the old man.
"Yes." returned the Bad' Boy, "and do
you see that tug away down there? "Well,
that's the one that's going to pick him
up. It's almost under the bridge already.
So he must be getting ready to Jump.
Hurry up, or we'll miss It."
"Here's the place!" shouted the old man
in high excitement, pointing down to th*
southern carriage roadway. "See that
span of horses drawing that brewer's wa
gon? "Well, they're the only span any
wheres near the center of the bridge. an<l
I'll bet a big red apple that's the central
rpan the paper spoke about. He'll jump
from their backs, most likely, just Ilka
the girl with no dress on does In the dr-
fee the Old Grocerrmaa had Just poured
out and seasoned for himself.
"It is a day." proceeded the Old Gro
ceryman, oblivious of both interruption
and theft, "on which every true man.
f hould be fired with patriotism and"
*'I remember," Interrupted the Bad Boy.
reminiscently. "that I was fired from my
first Job on "Washington's birthday. But
I don't recolltvrt just now whether it was
done with patriotism or not. By the way.
Isn't there a question you want to ask
about "Washington's birthday?"
"Well. yes. there is." assented the old
man. "But I kind of hesitate to ask it.
because every time I ask you questions
and then act on your instructions I seem
to round up in Jail or else get mistaken,
for a harmless crazvtic"
"That's it! That's right!" grumbled the
Bad Boy. "Go ahead and blame me for
your own foolishness. I give you a.
straight answer anJ then you get it
tangled up and go to work and blame mo
for it. Answer your own questions In fu
ture." And the Bad Boy looked huffy and
returned to the sedulous reading of the
morning paper.
"Now don't get woozxy." pleaded the
Old Oroeeryman. "Like as not I was mis
taken. The question I wanted to ask you
this time was: 'How do New York folks
celebrate "Washington's birthday?* "
"I'll tell you." said the Bad Boy, "anl
I'll prove what I say this time, by read
ing It from the newspaper. You know if
you eee a thing in print It's bound to be
true. So when I read part of the pro
gramme for the day you'll understand
I'm telling the truth. Now listen." and
the Bad Boy read slowly and distinctly
the following, pausing now and then to re>
fresh his imagination:
'A'aihlnirton's birthday w1!l be celebrated &•
usual In this city by the time-honored custom
rt carrying- boxes of choice Cowers to the homes
<t friends or to persons »hof» sood trill 1« <ie
fired. RusaeU Sac* will receive all wreaths
tr.4 baskets and boxes of flowers sent him by
the many objects of his boundless and lavirh
Frr.erosity between the hours of 10 a. m, and
12 noon.
The annual brtfig*- Jumping feat on the part
r.f a picked nieisber of the police force, at 12:13
p. m. tcMlay, will be performed this year by
Chief of Police Devery. I>reesed as a patrol
man the Chief wtll Jump from the central span
of the Brooklyn bridge, ana will be picked up
by the snod tug Dopey Isaac, In whose hos
r:*able cabin a fine collation will be served to
she hero. Among the Invited ruests are Dr.
rarkhurst, Lytfia Pir.kham, James J. Jeffries—
"But there!" broke off the Bad Boy.
"You won't care to wade through that
Icr.g list of r.amw. Here," passing the
as he tri<>d to look as If he had Known
It ail alor.g. "This Is "Washington's birth
day! The day on which the Immortal
George Srst opened »iis eyes and" "
"Pretty your.g to begin taking eye-open
ers, wasn't It?" interrupted tLe Bad Boy,
as he calmly appropriated the cup of cof-
••pay! I>o you know what day It Is?**
"Well," replied the Bad Boy, **»o you'v«
waker.ed at last, have you, to the fact
that there is such a thing as a national
holiday even in New York?"
"I have." avowed the Old Grocarrman.
«^v? FEW* days later, as the Bad Boy
/' — A and the O'd Grocenman met at
/'^» breakfast, the old man, who was
brpir.ninp to recover from hJs lat
est experience in the strange ways and
oeceHful customs of little old Xe-w York,
suddenly Ftartrd out of a long silence
with the rerr.aik:
(Copyrighted, 1501. hy the Preps Publish
ing Company. New York World.)
.THE rVtTNDAY CAI/L.
9
CUS."
PECK'S BAD BOY AND THE GROCERY MAN
CELEBRATE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
MR. BOWSER'S
TRIBULATIONSTHE SUNDAY CAM*
These and a host of other self-sacriflc
lhg women have worked together in singu
lar and pleasing- harmony year after year
with no bickerings- or disagreements or
petty Jealousies. "No one can afford to be
small." said one of them, "in such a large
work— to tha face of vnch great issues—
those of life and death. It cannot do other
than appeal to the best and highest in
the characters of those associated in it.
It appeal* to the humanitarian Instinct
"The only appeal I would make to Oak
land's charitable and altruistic people I*
that -they would come and 6ee us and
learn for themselves of the quality and
quantity of work that la being 1 done In
Fabiola, the one institution in Oakland
that Is caring for the sick and destitute.
No other appeal to It will be necessary.
When criticism comes, when we» are ac
cused of *not doing real charity work.*
we only feel like saying. Tou don't know
us. Some time you will have a friend here
and then you will feel differently. The
people who know us best like us best.* **
Altogether it must be conceded that
Oakland has reason to be proud of and
rejoice in !i» hospital .started by and still
under the sola management of Its women.
During its existence only six women have
filled the president's chair— Mrs. Holten.
Mrs. R. W. Kirkham, Mrs. Little. Mrs.
HInckley. Mrs. W. W. Standeford (who
has been a director throughout tha entire
period) and Mrs. John Yule, the incum
bent. Its present vice presidents are Mrs.
Reml Chabot. Mrs. J. A. Folger and Mr*.
W. T. Standeford.
cated many times, so that they can be had
on call. In other words, we destr« to
so maintain the hospital that people will
feel that they can rely on U3 and that
Fablola Is a comfort In time of trouble.
From the little one-story cottage on
ilarket etreet, where with one nurse and
• a matron a little band of brave women
opened to the needy sick Oakland's first
; free hoerpltal nearly twenty-flve years ago,
' It has grown steadily, and by no means
slowly, to Its present magnificent propor
- tlons. It has a staff of twenty attending
' and consulting physicians. Including sev
• eral specialists, and a resident physician.
" Instead of one nurse there is to-day a
eiaS of forty men and women, principally
the latter. Instead of a one-story cottage,
..capable of holding at the most a half
fiozen patients, the present building- can
easily accommodate one hundred. During
the year ending February 1, 1S99, 679 pa
'-tlents were admitted and 619 treated. Of
the E71 patients discharged during that
year 471 were cured, 43 Improved, 7 unim
proved and 8 not treated. While nearly SO
p«r cent of its patients are natives of the
United States, representatives of tweaty-
«j7vP v WAT from the no4Be of traffle and
/Z3 of the omnipresent trolley car, sit-
J» uated in what Is practically a de
lightful rark filled with flowers of
brightest hues and trees of graceful fo
liage, in a spot whose very atmosphere
. Dreathes rest and <julet, stands one of
Oakland's proudest Institutions, Fablola
¦Hospital, an Institution the necessity for
whoee existence was conceived by a no
'; ble woman since gone to her reward — an
'Institution founded by women and man
aged since Its Inception wholly by women.
wont Baa bcon £r*atlr strengthens"! VS&.
Improved by separate children's and ma-
ternity department*!, separate, although,
of course, all of these departments are
connected by corridors. In some Instances
seventy feet'long. This new ward Is to
be. called the /John Archibald Annex/
Us building fund of 13000 having been do^
nated by hi» niece. Miss Martin, as. a
memorial of her uncle. .
"For Bix ¦ years we have maintained a
district nurse,'who jjoes to the side poor,
caring for them in their own homes. Bhe
Is doing far-reaching \work in her Indirect
lessons on sanitation,', the cars of the> sick
ftnd the prevention of sickness, Physl-
clans tell us they notice a great difference
In the mode of living of the families with
Whom she haa J»«n. Y •
"As to our future wexk. we have the
feeling so strongly that fabiola njujt be
worthy of being regarded as a health 8t&.
tienj a protection to the community, and
membera of which, at any bour, by step-
ping to their telephones and describing
the case they wish cared for; can have a
oompetent nurse Quickly, at hand, or an
ambulance to transfer the patient to the
hospital, With each year tbe public Is
beginning more and, more to 'understand
that hemes are not hospitals) and, that
their sick can be cared for witp the right
surroundings, as it is lmpoesiule ta'de at
home. We will have such hoefcltal applU
ttnces:8s crutches and stretchers duplK
Wnicn an at* • world gnimwuw tr. * crearer
or.less degree—that 1%, it la more or I**s
dormant and needing only to be roused."
Fabiola has no endowments and but one
endowed bed. the gift of Mrs. R. W.
Kirkham. Among the larger gifts of
which it-has b«en the recipient is a new.
beautiful and. thoroughly equipped ambu
lance from Mrs. 3. A. Folser. one of its
vice presidents. Or.ca a year It has Us
armual donation reception* when the pub
llo is earnestly invited to call and to
bring or send from their homes any trifle
which they feel that they can spare, and
few homes that cannot donate something
if they only think of it—a glass of Jelly,
a kitchen ntensll, a bundle of old linen or
cotton or at least .'oho article of partly
worn clothing. Nothing cornea amlsa on
this yearly donation day. Groceries, fruit
and vegetables of all sorts. & pair of
sheets, & blanket, and especially discarded
-underwear. Many of the poor come wlth
out even a ehanre of underwear wher*
•» many change* are necaasary. A youna
woman is constantly employed In the
«ewing-room in mending and patching,
We cannot all do the actual persons^
work of the good Samaritan In th« Bible,
but we can all give a little of oar wlue
and on so that Fablola may bind np tha
wounds of the suffering, remembering
that Inasmuch aa we Jo It unto one at the
least ©X theM w» do it unto HUn.
.. ALICE CHITTEXDBSt 1
"Indeed," said one of Fablola's man
sigrers and earnest workers, "we never for
get how loyally physicians of both schools
nave always stood by us, from Drs. Nlch.
olson. Selfridge and others of the past
generation, who worked with us harmo
niously, cheerfully and gratuitously. Just
a* Drs. Larkey, Chamberlain and the
yonncer Drs. Nicholson and Selfridgs and
* score of them are doing- to-day."
Fabiola has no assistance from (State,
management of this hospital is the excep
tion that proves the rule. A very notable
thing about it from the first has been the
determination en the part of its manage
ment to maintain a broad policy. No na
tionality, no creed, no belief, no want of
belief, bars the wayof a patient who seeks
admittance to Fabiola Hospital. Physi
cians of all schools, acknowledged as such
by the State, and in good standing, are
and have alwars been recognized on its
staff. -.,',! : /v ;
It has been said that as a rule women
are more narrow than men. Perhaps,
th$n, we must claim that the feminine
•even different countries were In that year
found within its walls. Including thoso
from Alaska, the Axore Islands. Hungary
and Finland.
A glance at the report of the treasurer,
showing that over $30,000 was raised and
disbursed in a single year, will prove that
ttfese women have no mean financial abiU
Ity, Between six and seven hundred dol»
A second class of patients are those who
are able to pay something, but not hos
pital rates. Such are charjred In accord
ance to their means, from $1 a week up
ward. Those who have the ability pay
regular hospital rates, no attempt being
made to undercut the rates of other hos
pitals. Any proHt arising" from the care
of such patients is applied to those who
are unable to pay, No salaries art paid
except to the regular staff or nurses and
the usual hospital attendants.
county or city, no endowment an-i oniy
one endowed bed. It leads a sort of hand
to-mouth existence, meeting Us expenses
from month to month, always keeping
out of debt, although faith Is often the
principal thing in its treasury. No one is
ever turned away. Those who are unable
to pay are received Just as courteously
and cheerfully as those who, are. When
the ' free beds are full extra ones are
placed at the disposal of the needy as dis
tressing cases come before the manage
ment.
Eighteen women pledged themselves to
contribute $50 each, and - with . this fund v
the hospital beffan Its -good , work, : F«e
bly perhaps at first, like > all 5 newborn
things,* but In an incredibly. short time it",
eutgrew its swaddling clothes and moved
, to a two-story house on Nineteenth street,',
near Market, In less than ', three years
It had again outgrown its quarters and
With 75 cents In its .treasury contracted :
to pay 15500 1 top a house e« 1 Alice street,'
SmtbAisiasm always attends ) the start nf
a work, but- It soon g»ts ta be an "eld
¦tory and \ then the true test of "Courage
Is shewn In keeping 1 up one's enthusiasm
to such a pitch that It can arouse it in
••-..¦¦ •- . , . •'¦.-¦
If ever there was a practical illustra
tion of. the text, "There Is that scatter
eth yet increaseth,"it la to be found, in
the history of this hospital association.
Almost a quarter of a century ago, when
this subject of a free hospital for Oak
land appealed to and lay most strongly
on the heart of that benevolent and pub-
Ho spirited woman, the late Mrs. R. W.
Kirkham, Oakland had no^ receiving hos
pital and the County Hospital then, as
now, was twelve miles away. In her work
among: the poor Mrs. Kirkham constantly
met with cases of acute disease which
could not be carried to the County Hos
pital on account of Its. distance. She
talked with physicians and prominent clt-
Jyens, pleading;, importuning, asserting
Oakland's need for a free hospital, but
vm invariably met with the reply, '.'We
sympathize with your wish and deplore
our city's need of such an- institution, but
the time is not yet; Oakland Is too small
to support cuch an institution." , Bhe final
ly- broached the Bubject to I>r. Nicholson,
who laid it before his medical society, and
a meeting was called which resulted in
the organization of the . Oakland Homeo.
pathotio Hospital and Dispensary Associ
ation, " ¦ " ,
In connection with the regular hospital
work the association provides for a two
and a half years' course of. training for
young women desirous of becoming pro
fessional nurses, admitting also a limited
number of young men.' These student
nurses are given every opportunity and
facility for receiving the best instruction,
and are consequently hold by the man
agement to; the highest ideals. Lectures,
recitations and demonstrations, conducted
by different members of the hospital staff
of physicians, take place at- regular in
tervals. It is a great safeguard to a com
munity to feel, that at any hour of the
day or night thejv can summon to. their
own homes a nurse from' Fabiola,, one
upon, whom they, can rely morally, physi
cally and professionally.
larJ is expended monthly en its free
beds, not to speak of those who are un
able to pay enough to cover the cost of
•tW.ehaye the plans drawn and win In a;
{aw '¦>:- days •; start , on i the . erection • of an.'
?Isolation; ward, 1 with , necessary ; work-'
rooms : attached for, the sequestration of!
any contagious case that may develop in ¦
the ? hospital. "!" This f will* add 7 greatly i to
the feeling of security of the inmates, Our
•v "Wo are just putting 1b a steam laundry,
with all the latest and most approved fa
cilities fer washing and ironing, at a cost
of . $3000, .-. pe that . we ; shall rejolos In l aa
abundance of clean linen. No ona who is
not initiated into the mysteries of its
workings can Imagine the demands m*ada
en the linen-room of a heapltal, :
••Have yen tny ; plan" regarding ths
work and fnttrre growth of the hospital V
X asked, - •: : ' ¦¦¦' '•"¦•" >Y-? r .< : '".--'' ¦:'¦-. -¦¦''¦ .•'-:
In cheesing the present site the ladles
gave an evidence of their breadth, theli
business, sagacity, their belief in Oak
land's tuture, and their ability to see and
discount that future. Theirregular tract
of wild land lying at the corner of Moss
avenue and Broadway was unhesitating
ly and almost unanimously pronounced
by the assembly of physicians, ministers
and business men called together to dis
cuss the selection of a sit© to be Ineligi
ble on* account of its distance from the
center of the town. There seemed to be
no FlternativA however, and the present
location was decided upon.
•'But we must not claim too much fo*
women," »ald Mrs. John Yule, the presi
dent, whom I had asked to tell me of the
future work and prospects of Fablola.
'The men have always been the powet
behind the 'throne. No; we must allow
that Fablola Is the work of both men
and women-Oakland's work In short.
•'It was M r .*Anthony Chabot who cam*
to cur assistance In our most Important
crisis by Quietly purchasing the new site
and sending the deed as a free gift ¦ to
the ladies of the association. When the
erection of a suitable building- stared u*
in the face Mr. I Frederick IDelger started
a building fund by depositing to our cred't
In -. the bank ¦* the generous sum o* $500^
Mr. James A. Folg-eiv Mr. T. 8. Barker;
Captain Asa Simpson, Mr. Francis ¦ Blake,
and - many others . contributed willingly 1 ,
and generously, ;.-'•- . . • .
- "And there is Derby dayj that too Is ths
work of a man,". I said .with the g-host of
a smile, There- mi Just the faintest re
flection ' of thl*,smile ; on I the lips of the
gentle lady as she replied, "I don't know*
what we. would have done without Derby
day, ' ' We ¦ should *, hav« . had ' t» * refuse
cases and our work would have been sadly
limited," : :
others. The ladles of trie hospital asso
r'niion have, always shown untiring en
«.;S5' and Indomitable courage, but thN
undertaking to raise $^>00 with a reservi
fund of 75 ctnts was nothing short 01
heroism. In less than three years, how
ever, It was paid for, and larger accom
modation were again imperative. They
had no" operating or surgical room— In
fact, none of the conditions that are es
sential to a well appointed, working hos
pital. ' ¦ ¦ .
j
10
A HOSPITAL MANAGED SOLELY
BY WOMENVery early in the affair a bundle of pa
pers purporting to be the original Valdes
The key to Jessie Bannlng's proof was
the Valdes deeds, for they completed the
gap, showing the .unbroken, title to tho
forest' lands from the original grantees .
down through several generations to her
mother. It was well known that these
Important papers had not been destroyed
by the robbers, but were In existence, be- *
cause they also conveyed certain rights
and privileges which were being used by
"the ring." ft was the plan of the latter
to wear out the Banning heirs and then,
produce the Valdes deeds. Jessie Ban
ning was the only one who stood between
them and success, and they didn't see
how a girl like her could possibly defeat
them.
first to open up the rich ledge of the Bella
Donna, but he needed capttal to develop
the mine with modern machinery. He
went to Valladolla, show.ed him the pros
pects in sight and offered him a share,
providing he would furnish the- necessary
eapital to equip the mine with machinery.
' Valladolla Jumped at the chance, put up
..rie money and in a year had the finances
of the mine, in such a shape that Florea
was compelled to sell out to him for a
song. Flores swallowed the bitter pill,
but he vowed revenge. So when Jessie
Banning reopened the case In the courts
for possession of the great mahogany for
»sts Flores went to her. told her what h»
knew and offered to help her all he could.
His was invaluable assistance, for not
jnly had he heard , Valladolla recount
some of tho inside workings of- "ths
ring". to grab the forests but his own
tight with Valladolla had taught him the
Iatter's methods.
to the .timber claims.' Flores was the
In 1800 there were 903 postofflces in the
United States and 1875 miles of postal
routes. In 1S99 there were 75.000 postofflces
and 497.000 miles of postal routes. •
-.¦ '.*•* :-¦ :
"If one must look half-starved In order
to bo artistic, then don't call me artistic,"
ehe says.
Personally she is girlish, unaffected and
healthy. She Is fond of exercise, for she
believes that It gives health and that her
art cannot go on without the aid of her
health: "Dumbbells every morning" 1»
her favorite prescription for success. She
is ropy, alert, vigorous.
All the German cities have open arms
for her now, as, likewise has Paris. No
wonder our own country has a warm wel
come ready for her. . • *
Not one of her successes Is as proud
a memory to her 'as that crowning her
appearance at a Leipzic Gewandhaus con
cert on the Washington's birthday ot
1S99. She was the first American violin
ist who had ever been engaged as soloist
for one of those' symphony concerts, al
though, they are 125 years old. They art
barb-wired with tradition and precedent}
eee then what It means for an American
girl to have worked her way in.
«7v? CHARMING American violinist
// \\ ' who has coaxed European ears to
lT~~v listen to her and European hand!
!i'v to applaud her Is on our musical
programme for the near future.
Leonora Jackson is yet scarcely out of
her teens. Yet since she made her debut
in Berlin with the Philharmonic Orchestra
In October of 1S96 she has carried "oft
honors that those twice and thrice her aga
have often coveted In vain. She appeared
at court in Germany and soon afterward
captured the big Mendelssohn prize. ;
Leonora Jackson, an American Girl Violinist Who Carried
Germany by Storm, Is Soon to Play in San Francisco.
Cuzco court has already given judgment
in her favor. It is authoritatively whis
pered that within a month she will marry
Georges Flores. Her San Francisco
friends are anxiously awaiting their ar
rival here on the wedding Journey.
And that was the way Jessie Banning
recovered the .stolen Valdes deeds. Tha
When he was well out of hearing Flores
picked up a bench on- the walk besld* tha
flsh pond and shoved It out Into the water
toward the submerged girl. "Rest behind
that." he said. "It may help protect you
from any light they flash on the water.
I'll go and draw off the searchers to the
other end of the square and bring- horses
to this end. Then we'll make a dash for
it. Keep your courage up,"
Flores' had been gone only a little while
when she heard shouts: "There he is!"
"Help, help.* surround hlm^* % "TnU way
with the lights, all of you; we've got him.
we've got him!" Then from all directions
she saw the lanterns and dark figures go
bobbing toward the locality of the shouts.
The cries and excitement Increased. She
arose out of the water feeling that It was
too good a chance of escape to miss and
that maybe she . had better run and not
wait for Flores. ;
Fortunately, he ran up breathlessly
while she was hesitating, grabbed her
hand and dragged her away to the far
ther corner of the square. She was shiv
ering' and almost numb with cold and
he had to half carry her. . But they
reached the hones, belonging to some of
the pursuers, that Flores that tied there
in readiness, and In a few minutes they
were galloping away.
"Not yet, but he Is somewhere In this
square. Of that we are certain and the
place Is safely surrounded. It Is only a
question of a little time and search. Senor
Valladolla reports that his house was also
robbed and he and his servants have also
Joined the hunt. We will get the villains,
sure. I am going fcr more lanterns." And
he hurried (way Into the darkness.
•Any signs of the robber?" asked Flores.
"Be brave. - I think we can trick them
yet." he responded. "S-sh! here cornea
one of them; lie low." And as a man
came up with a lantern. Flares turned
and pretended to search the bnshes.
"Here In the flsh pend."
Her cousin was & daring lad of 17, and
•he pitched on the plan of disguising her
self In .a suit of his clothes and taking
him 1 with her on the adventure. She had
selected a rainy night for the feat and
found everything clear in her recon
noissance of the house where Flores re
ported "the" ring" had met. Then fortune
played a strange prank In the proceed
ings, which both helped and hurt her. It
chanced that a burglary was being com
mitted that same night In a residence al
most directly opposite. The servants
were awakened, gave the alarm and a
fusillade of pistol shots rang out. on the
midnight air. Of course 'all th© household
era In t the neighborhood were awakened
by the racket and ran forth to learn the
cause of all the confusion. The servants
In the bouse where "the ring" met were
among the number. Jessie Kanninj
nearly collapsed In tho uproar, thinking
for a moment she' was the cause of.it.
She was paralyzed with fright, but only
for an Instant. The next the quick-wit
ted girl realized that the uproar was. a
golden' opportunity offered to . take ad
vantage'of the desertion' of the servants;
then she fell upon the desk containing the
Valdes deeds stolen from her father's
house. •
With them safe in her pocket sha made
•deeds were offered to her at a fancy
flrure. The arch-conspirators had figured
that she would snap at these forgeries
and use them for the purposes of winning
the suit. Of course at the proper moment
they were prepared, to step in and dra
matlcally'prove the deeds to be gross for
geries. Fortunately, Flores. got wind of
the. matter and warned Miss Banning In
time. But the trick, though It failed In
execution, produced one momentous re
sult. It revealed the' headquarters of the
plotters, and by a rare chance showed
that the bona-flde Valdes deeds were lit
the same place. But how to get them?
Jessie Banning knew that her father's
eecrets' had been sold out time and again
to the other aide, and she was afraid to
trust anybody with the . important task
of recovering the deeds. Whoever got
them for her might turn and offer to re
sell them to the other side for ready cash.
In this dilemma she decided to try and
recover them herself. There was. "only
one way. Court . processes were useless
In trying 1 to reach her enemies. She must
do as they did when they took them from
her father.. /
•
a jubilant nfsh for the broken window,
forgetting for the moment that the gar
den? lii that locality were being scoured,
by the householders, seeking the burglars
who had fled from the alarmed house
across the way. Unfortunately for her
she was observed as she dropped, lightly
from the window and a vigilant servant
fired a pistol at her. The ball graced her
•Ide, Inflicting a flesh wound. She felt
the warm blood.- but felt also that even
If she was seriously hurt she must make
every endeavor to get the Valdes deeds
Into safe concealment before she was cap
tured. So she plunked headlong into the
darkness, followed by the shouts of tho<w
in close pursuit.
Suddenly, In her mad flight, she stum
•bled and werlt sprawling headlong: Into tha
water. It was shallow with a stone bot
tom, but she dared not move lest she
. should get beyond her depth, and so sho
lav full length with her head Just above
the surface. Her pursuers were • close
upon her. She could hear them calling to
one another and . beating* the bushes in
their fruitless search. Lantern3 began to
bob about In the darkness; she lay still,
fearing to move lest she should disclose
her hiding place. Two- of her* pursuers
met near the water; one carelessly threw
the light of hr% lantern in its direction,
evidently with a view simply to disclose
Its location, and told his 'companion to be
careful and not stumble Into "the fish
pond." Time and again her pursuers
passed the pond, but they never thought
of seeking her there. However, .they were
so persistent In their hunt and daybreak
was so near that she knew it was only
a quttstlon of little time 'when she should
be discovered and dragged to prison and
that would be the last of the-Valdes deeds
and. her long fight for her rights and Jus
tice.
Then came a figure drifting specter-Ilk*
through the darkness in her direction and
softly Whistling "You'll Kemember Me."
from the "Bohemian Girl.." Jessie Ban
ning could not withhold an* exclamation
of delight. It was Flores' favorite air and
she had often heard him softly whistling:
it to himself in that self-same way. ¦
"Flores. Scnor Flores," she called softly.
The shadow and the whistling suddenly
stopped. "Senor Flores," she repeated,
and the figure advanced cautiously to-'
ward the fish pond.
"Where are you. senorlta?" he whis
kered ia a. low. guarded voice.
Jessie Banning might be called a San
Francisco girl, though she was born in
Peru. Very early in life she was brought
hf-re by her mother and attended the pub
iio school, where Fhe formed many ac
quaintances. It was through her mother
that she inherited the title to the great
stretch of valuable forest lands which
were so long In dispute. Jo* Banning, her
father, was very well kncwA in the Men
-docino Mountain ranges. In the early sev
enties he sold his timber claims In that
region and came to this city for rest ani
to see what chance offered for Inv«st
ments in n<*w lines. Here he met pretty
\ ¦'.ick-haircd. dark-cyed Anita Ramirez,
up here from Poru on a visit to an aunt,
and he. fel! rfrsperately In love with her.
Marriage quickly followed. He took a
wedding' trip with her to Peru to visit
her relatives and "see what kind of a
country it was. "anyway." Being a timber
exprrt. he became keenly alive to the
rrcsp'cts of that country in furnishing
fln-e woods, and when he saw the rich belt
that his wife held disputed title to he
was ready to jump Into the contest with
ail his American energy-, pluck, shrewd
r.pfs ar.d every cent at hie command. The
coterie of speculators who were trying
their hardest To gobble the tract were not
afraid of this sew champion. They ar
frued he was a foreigner, unused to the
ways cf the country, unfamiliar with Its
laws and. at a pinch, there wa6 always a
way of dealing with opponents who be
came too truculent or top successful.
Black was the deed, but that Is "the
way" they dealt with poor Joe Banning.
With, bis Indomitable energy and perse
verar.ee he at last got his wife's claims
In such shape that his friends declared
he must win ¦when the evidence was pre
sented, to the courts. The last mieslng
link la the title, was the Valdes deeds,
ET.fl these, after a long and tireless search,
*•• bad at laet obtained. After an ardu
ous two years' struggle his triumph
eeened at hand. Then It was the other
e'.fie showed how they proposed to escape
from their desperate corner. Banning,
with his wife, was passing out of a crowd
ed theater ore night. In the pack of peo
ple nobody noticed who pressed next him.
Suddenly he grasped the arm of his wife
more closely, exclaimed "I am stabbed,"
ar.d fell to the ground. It was a mortal
JEFSIT: BANNING or Ban Francisco
has Just won a great triumph In her
long contest for the rich mahogany
trip along the -west elope of the
Cordilleras in Peru. Though she lost her
father, ruthlessly shot down from am
*ush In the bitter strife, and her beloved
mother, who died from grief and despond
ency, she won a husband and a fortune.
Indeed, but for the timely and stanch as.
pittance of Georges Flores it is doubtful
whether she ever could have won against
the machinations of the rich and Influ
ential rnen who were determined to cap
ture the great mahogany tracts valued
at l.aw.OOd soles. When, disguised as a
boy, she was wounded in trying to re
cover the highly important Valdes deeds
In order to. prove her title, it was Flores
who aided her to escape the hirelings who
had her eurrounded. When the Valdes
deeds were recovered, it was Flores who
shrewdly preserved them till they were
called for by the courts, though detectives
and cutthroats were ransacking the pos
sessions of everybody connected with the
cate.' threatening the weak-hearted and
even kidnaping those that were thought
to knew the whereabouts of the deeds.
Despite all their wildest efforts, the deeds
were preserved and triumphantly present
ed to the court at the opportune moment,
and the wedding of Jr-psle Banning and
Georges Fiores dramatically closed the
loss and-excitinc coniest.
THE RTJNDAT CAI/L.
11
wound: he died three days later. Several
arrests followed, but the real culprit was
never caught. •
This sensational episode in the contest
was followed by the Surglary of hts house
and the theft of the Valdes deeds Mrs.
Banning collapsed under all the strain,
trouble and wicked blows ¦ dealt her by
her unscrupulous enemies. Taking her
little. daughter, she fled from Peru and
again came to San Francisco to visit her
sister. But her heart rvas broken. She
pined away and in three years she died.
JesEle was kept at school here till she
graduated, then she went back to her rel
atives In Peru. Then for the first time
she began to hear the stories about the
strife over the tracts of valuable woods
and the reasons why her father had been
murdered- . The cowardly act Incensed
her. She spent all her spare time going
over the records and the evidence, and
when she realized the mass of corruption,
crime and swindling operations that had
robbed and crushed cut the lives of her
.parents she resolved to make It the ef
fort of her life to Set justice and bring
the gut'.ty parties to punishmenj. So with
little money, but with all her father's
pluck, perseverance and indomitable en-
>»rgy,.thte fra'l girl took up the contest in
the dust where it had been trampled by
her father's murder and the theft of the
Valdes deeds.
It was good fortune more than chance
that sent Georges Flores to her standard
when she began her contest against the
unscrupulous enemies of her father.
Flores had been squeezed out of his hold-
Ing- In th'e rich Bella Donna mine by Leon
Valladolla end some of his cronies. This
Valladolla was one of the leading spirits
who contested the rights of Miss Banning
ADVENTURES OF A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL IN PERU, The pet asked a favor. Could it be de
'r.led? Assuredly no. She asked that she
might be permitted to bring her San Fran
cisco friend, Mr. Taber, '¦ an artist of re
pute, to call upon the divine. He begged
to be ushered into tho divine presence,
there to do reverence.
It was permitted. •
More than that, the Interview was.gra
elous. It was warm. It was cordial. Tho
divine punctuated" it with smiles; she in
terlarded it with the flatteries of glance.
• Mr. Taber grew fearless in discussion. He
led from' art to politics, from. politics to
commerce, from commerce to art again.
_At every step she followed. Perhaps she
led. She can, you know, and one who con
verses never knows the difference.
Whenever art, decoration, sculpture,
painting were neared the approach grew
warm. Again and yet again there was a
veering toward the* longed-for subject
and again and yet ' again it Was easily
dropped. At last
' It popped out so suddenly that he did
not know it was coming. But he had said
It.
He waited gasping for the verdict.
It, too, came so .easily after so little
paus£, that his suspense was over almost
as soon as It had commenced.
The most tflellghtful days followed, in
which Monsieur Taber visited - the hotel
particulier of Mme. Bernhardt and'experl
mented with lights and high lights, and
in the end came away with a set of treas
ured plates bearing views of the salon and
the studio and the salle a manger. These
glimpses of favorite corners in favorite
rooms tell at one • crlance more ¦ of . their
owner than pages of typo could ever do.
• Bernhardt is artistic in more ways than
the one which the public is privileged . to
see her In. j She Is, for one thing, a deco
rator. Look at the pictures if you doubt.
There In the studio she has gathered
her treasures, those that are th*"xnoet per
sonally dear to her. They are the "curios
and works of art which' she has brought
home from her travels— the paintings and
marbles and old carved furniture. -More
precious than all these are the works of
Bernhardt's own hands.
For she Is by inclination and experience
a sculptress, and of no mean rank. The
bust of her sister, the bust of M. de Gi
rardin, the figure of a > friend— all are
specimens of her own art-\ / . -.- .-
The studio is crowded with ornaments.
It Is in reality's, large room, much longer
than wide, but it is so densely "littered,"
as the lrreverents have' said, that there Is
At Us end is a fireplace that gives good
cheer to the whole apartment. 'Along the
walls range paintings, mostly portraits
of the lady herself. Below these are or
naments on pedestals* cabinets of treas*
One of these is. filled with bijous^-th* '
Jewels thaf have been given to her in hei
long and varied life. There are old Vena,
tlan girdles, French fripperies. Jewels in
antique Italian settings. / Much as they
are worth intrinsically, they are worth
far more for. their memories.
The chair in the dining-room is one 6t
the priceless favorites which Mr. Taber
succeeded In photographing. It is a very
severe piece of furniture, but Sarah pre
fers it, for all' that,' to any modern en
courager of laziness... Straight and high
of back, uncompromising of seat. It stands
always at her place at the table and she
could n.ot eat a home meal with any suc
cess without it. Nor would she ever need •
to; at home things go as the divine Sarah
commands, and it was for her to travel
to America before her wishes were treat
ed Uke anybody's wishes. /
- Her library Is a good collection of books *
—not huge, but exclusive. Her, library'
table is a big, spreading affair like a
nan's, and a busy man's at that. - Upoi
He affirms that an improvement took
place_ in all cases, and was especially
marked in {hose which were In their flrsj
stages. The bacilli gradually grew less
until they finally disappeared, the cough
lessened and the local physical signs be
gan to disappear. There was a marked
improvement in appetite and general con
dition.
flippant art of the little danseuse some
how caught the eye of the great trags
t.enne Just as It caught the eye of oM
Li Hung Chang and many another eye
that thought Itself focused .for sterner
sights.
Sarah Bernhardt makes a pet of little
Lole.
Garlic Cure for Consumption.
tients g-arllc cut into small pieces and
dried. He had to administer it in frac
tional doses in order to combat the dis
taste which most of the patients had : for
the taste of the vegetable. He treated
over 200 patients, giving to them in addi
tion to the garlic tho ordinary symptom
atic treatment
GARLIC is the latest cure for con
sumption. Dr. Giullo Cavazzani,
an Italian physician, has been ex
perimenting in the hospitals of
Venice, and Is /sonvinced that garlic is a
most valuable therapeutic agent in
cases of phthisis.
It has long been known to sailors who
have traded to tho malarial ooasts of
"West Africa that garlic, used in liberal
Quantities, was a preventive of coast
Jever.
Garlic Is a most powerful agent for the
cleansing of the alimentary canal, which
may account for some of its medicinal
virtues. Dr. Cavazzani eave : to his pa-
In the first place. La Lole, la petite Lole,
la x>etlte Lole. favorite of a crown and a
peacock feather and likewise of two con
tinents of plain everyday people— La Loie
had dene the trick. She had worked tho
combination. For La. Lole Is as dear a
p«t of the divine Sarah as is the fox ter
rier—well, possibly it were straining a
point to say the fox terrier, but let us say
the lion. Surely La Lole Is as dear to her
as is the lion. The fluttering, flaming,
ENTREZ.*
And later: "Madame wJll soon
_ descend."
It was an omen of all goo<j
things. It meant to Mr. Taber all that
his photographic soul craved. It was the
open sesame to his professional desire, it
might mean no one dared guess what ex
tent of photographic license.
Perchance. ha\"ing once grained the In
terview, he might gain more. He might
be permitted to aim his camera at — r
Ah, the divine— how dared he hope?
The divine entered.
Mr. Taber was taken with momentary
Qualms, which only the divine smile dis
pelled. He. mere he, had he dared for a
bold arid a rash moment to hope that ho
might one day take captive lhat glance,
that smile, In the prison of his camera
box? Abashed at his own boldness, he re
treated Inwardly.
But the divine smiled again, It was a
gracious smile, one that warmed like a
glass of benedictina. Mr. Taber found hi3
boldness sneaking: back to his heart.
It was the Introduction of Loie Fuller
that had opened the divine portals for him
HONORABLE JOHN W. FOSTER,
former Secretary of State and one
of the most widely experienced
of American diplomats, tells In
the Saturday Evening Post Interesting
and amusing Instances of American diplo
mats and court costumes. The ladles will
be Interested In knowing that In diplo
macy, extreme consideration Is given to
the kind of clothes which the representa
tives wear. In the course of his article
Mr. -Foster says:
"Some Ministers have made themselves
ridiculous by securing an appointment in
the State militia; and making use of that
uniform. A story Is told of one of our
representatives at a European court wn«
appeared at the palace In the garb of s>
captain of a cavalry troop; a post ha had
filled at home, which led the monarchical
diplomats, attracted by bis metal helmet*
quizzically to ask If he belonged to a fir*
company In America! The Instructions oS
the Department of State now la forc«
construe the' law to allow such -a dew
parture from a simple dress as win sec-ana
'our diplomats welcome at court cere
monies. ;'¦ :•-"¦ ¦"¦
"For Instance, the members of the
United States embassy, in London appear
on state occasions in knee breeches, with
metal buckles on their shoes, and In oth««
respects In ordinary evening dressy*.
Flowers appear everywhere. In season
'and out. the actress demands them, and
florists have to turn themselves Into wiz
ards to satisfy her. Chrysanthemums are
among her favorites; she likes best the
curly-petaled ones- .In dark coppery
shades.
A portrait— a large painting— of Rachel
But the pictures of her horn* met with
her highest approbation, and that La how
it comes that we have the good fortune
to see the surroundings- that she lovea
best. ,'.*
When the final request was made that
the lady sit for her own portrait she
granted the favor with alacrity, but could
not find time to go to a studio. So a
picture was maile In her own apartments,
and as It was not a success It went the
way of all hvr negatives which do not
please her— to destruction. For no pho
tographer dares preserve on* which she
has ordered destroyed.
acquaintance of th» occupants while
there, and he feels that It was Just as
well. . • .
Mr. . Taber remembers that the famous
lion cage was In the back yard along with
the stables. He did not make the personal
Madame would certainly sever meatlaa
the dogs as a part of her furnishings. yet
Monsieur Taber, had the audacity to pho
tograph them as If they wers no more*
They are not the dogs that have helptd
make madame'i San Francisco Visit
famous, but some so exclusively Trench
In their' tastes that they had t» be loft
behind on this trip. j
occupies one end of the wan, wSar*r->g ftmf
Bernhardt Is too great an artist not t§
admire others. Another treasured paint*
lns la a portrait of Ernest Bernhardt, »oa
of the actress. He Is shown as a little,
youngster with his favorite. dog b«sld«
him, but another painting bears witness
to the old ago of this by showing' his lit*
tie daughter.
. "I shall be charmed to have you. Mon
sieur Taber, make" pictures. of my home."
All as easy as pressing a/ button. , Arid
yet all other : photographers, so . the ' tale
la ' told, have for long,*- both before and
since, sued for the privilege In vain.
not much room left for human 'occupants.
However, 3 not much /'is' needed, ; for the
studio, la .for thof.lntimes.: not; for tho
dear fiva hundred friends. It is where
one may chat and • grow closer to those
who are privileged to come close at all."
it Btanasevertheskull which bear. th*
Inscription. "Made by. Victor Hugo.?' It
serves for a paper-weight, and one might
think ~ It ; would weigh heavily upon the
spirits, or ; upoa . any but the marvelous
Bernhardt'k.
THE SUNDAY CA1JU
12
Americans in Knee Breeches,
SARAH BERNARD'S HOME
IN PARISTHB Board of Supervisor* j will be naked (e-morrow. to reopen Intrleslde .track, to re-est«b)lala
horserace ffamblln'jr .' In , thin * r dtr and to ¦ rehabilitate- the fortune* of a., criminal ola« that
once preyed upon San Franclnco nnd ira« driven ont by the nnlted force of the press, the
public and 'the ¦' pulpit. ' Mnyor " Plielan, ' irho Ii "eipoiiiliiK 'tlie cause of the Eamblern, declares
that it is necemiary tor' San Francisco to . bare . a, mo&tb of' sambllngr*. dlstlpmilon, and on the
Friday Ford . visited - Tanf oran . track.
He purchased \ pools with .the few dollars*
that . remained in ' his; pockets. . As ' usual,
his choices lost. .With nothing more than
a return \ railroad ticket he , boarded ; th'e
train - and ruminated ¦ on his - unfortunate
position. He* knew there was but 60 cents
in ' the * house • to \ provide food : for three
people for a month. ' Ho had borrowed
money "and his ; cTeditors_ were' pressing
him while .there was not.a'dollar In sight,
. Then, he* thought ~'of 'meanslby which he
could " 1 *'ralse" v v the , amount * he/ had -lost
'andt-llquidate J his ; debts "besides providing
for; his family, j Highway" robbery^ seemed
to : hlm r the": best '. plan' and . he resolved to
Coast since 1S92. * ; He resided with his
mother '. at "641 McAllister street. He was
an expert salesman, and for a long time
held ,a position " with Nolan Bros., shoe
dealers, soliciting country trade.' Easily
at; first he spent money In gambling. - He
played the races and fortune favored him.
His .winnings amounted to thousands of
dollars. Eventually luck # turned against
him- and he lost everything. 'Piree months
ago he married. He promised his wife he
would give up bis evil habits and save his
money., -• „ : ' . - '.***A;
" 'Ford's home since his marriage has
bee"n one of happiness, although his prom
ise Vas not kept... He took his weekly sal
ary: to the racetracks; but the horses that
he pieced his coin- on were Invariably be^
hind When" the wire was passed. Still the
bride and mother lived. In comfort. . Each
week" an amount equal to. their quota of
Ford's salary was given them, but It was
not the. money Fora, had received from
his employers. * It was ' money . he- had
borrowed to keep up his deception.' '•-
'.Continued on Page Fourteen.*
Continued on Pago Fourteen-
LONDON, Feb. 16.— The Oxford-Cam
bridge Association football match was
played at^the Queen's Club to-day. Ox
ford winning by three to two goals..
Oxford Wins.
BOISE, Idaho, Feb. 16.— Colonel W.
Thomas Hart committed v /suicide , this
morning by Jumping. from a freight train
Into the Snake River while the. train was
crossing a bridge near Huntingdon; Col
onel; Hart was one of the -most widely
known mining men and promoters In the"
Northwest. He was about 65 years old,
a native of Georgia and ¦ an ex-Confed
erate colonel. His body", has riot yet' been
found. .V - * ' i •
Suicide in a Most Sensational
Manner.
Colonel W. Thomas Hart .^-Commits
JUMPS FROM TRAIN
INTO SNAKE RIVER
HE played the races once in a
while when h© had a day off.
'and' we thought. he might have
gone yesterday to one of the
tracks." That Is the explana
tion "and the only one that can be given
for.' the commission of another crime fn
this city and the disgrace of another fam
ily, and ¦ to-morrow the Board of Super
visors will be asked again to legalize in
San Francisco the ganft which makes
such dishonor and such disgrace possible.
, Frank J. Gavan, nicknamed "Hennes
sy," a stenographer In the employ of the
Santa Fe Railroad Company in the freight
depot at Spear and Harrison streets.
is among the missing. So also Is a large
sum of money due various employes of
the company, who entrusted the young
man with the collection of the checks re
ceived for. their" monthly wages which
they received yesterday morning.
. .In accordance with a custom which has
prevailed ; in. the yards for some time
Gavan was handed the checks of a nnm
ber-of employes. Just how many he re
ceived is not yet known, as those most
interested In the matter have not yet re
ported to the main .office. Gavan took
these checks to the Bank of California
and 'cashed them about 11 o'clock. Since
tkat time he has not been seen. or heard
from.'- The amount that he received on
the checks is estimated at about 3550.
Detectives and employes who have lost
their money searched . the city for tho
missing cashier last night, but were un
able to locate him.
The young , man has been In the em
ploy of the Santa Fe In thl 3 city for the
past' five or six : months. He , was .trans-
The story of Ford's- downfall is a pa
thetic" one.' rt He has • been married ., but
three months;." Although he ; renounced
evil habits at the;tlme,he made his mat-;
riage vows, his propensity, for gambllnY
overcame his. better "resolutions. ' 'and ' 'on
Friday ho found' that his Istst dollar had
been bet and lost. His bride and his aged
mother knew;; nothing > of his . financial
plight and he'wlshed> to keep them" in Ig
norance of.it. Solicitous for their • happi
ness, he sent both to a matinee yesterday
afternoon while he 'executed bis) bold ; plot
to -replace:- the money: he had lost and
provide for' those ' he loved. - « He stationed
himself 1 in f ront ¦ jof I a bank waitinar^ for
some one who might ha.ve ; more than ; his
share of ' r gold.'*;':When the '^Chlnaxnan
passed r out .with" a* bag ot treasure] Ford
marked hlm : - f or^ his- victim and
him * tor^ a f short \ distance.; thenVused _ hla
weapon and secured the coveted xold.\y}'^j
Man-la ; Ford „; has been on the Pacific
¦ riveN to desperation when . his
last- 'cent ', had been lost at: the
j I racetracks and- poverty stared
\''J/ hln wife and mother in the face,
. Marvin Ford, a, oommercial trav
eler, ' yesterday committed . one of the
boldest arid most "unprecedented highway
robberies ever placed .on j record by the
Police • Department of | this city. In the
light • of % noonday , : he X held up Lee
Long, a Chinaman, on Sacramento street,
near Montgomery, and took from him a
bag "containing $216^ in ' coin. The crime
was ? accomplished ' by. first knocking . tho
Mongolian senseless with a piece of Iron
pipe. The deed' was perpetrated In sight
of hundreds of ; people passing ,tp and fro
in the commercial district. Ford is now In
the City Prison repenting the error of his
ways. M-/^: < —
BTJUi.DING TRADES STRIKE
IMMINENT A,T PITTSBURG
Workmen Demand a General Increase
in Wages , and Thousands of :
Men Will Be Involved. -
PITTSBURG. Feb. ' 16.— Unless, the
master builders of { this city comply with
the demands of the Building Trades Coun
cil a general strike will be declared which
will involve at ; least 150,000 workmen.
Nearly every mechanic In the city is de
manding an advance of from 5 to 20 per
cent/. The date upon [ which many of the
building, trades' scales commence is April
1 and unless the- master builders-grant
an, advance' the* indications are" that there
wiir^be; a. general suspension V in the
building trades ¦ - :
the excursion of the members of the Com
mercial Club to the Pacific Coast were
practlcally'completed to-day at a meeting
of the sub-committee. - Thirty-five mem
bers have signified their desire to make
the Journey and the. party will leave Chi
cago March 4 in a special train over the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Feroad. The
club will return to Chicago March 27. The
detailed itinerary will be decided upon
Monday at a conference between the com
mittee on arrangements and the railroad
officials.
CHICAGO COMMERCIAL
MEN COMING >TO COAST
Thirty-Five Members ; of the" Club
. •. « SigToify Their Desfre \ to ' Jour- . :
* ney Westward.':
CHICAGO, Feb. 16.— Arrangements for
French Authorities Not Disposed to
Interfere With the Disciples
1 "of Brigham Young'. .
PARIS, Feb. 16.— A Mormon colony, has
Just - been discovered in Paris, with a
temple in a private house. The male
members number sixteen, having flfty
elght wrves. One man has seven wives
with- one child by each. Another has
three wives and sixteen children. : All
the Paris ; Mormons are respectable and
industrious citizens.- Though the authorl-*"
ties have been Informed, it is said no
prosecution Is Intended. The marriages
being strictly; religious, With no civil for
mality, the polygamous wives are viewed
by the state as having no legal status;
although their j children can be legitima
tized without entailing marriage. with the"
mothers. ; ' -
MORMON COLONY
DISCOVERED IN PARIS
' ¦¦ : - •• ¦ v-- ¦¦* ' V -"¦¦¦' .¦;;¦ ¦;•¦¦.'«: ! . ..•-*-•¦-¦¦ •-' - ..' ¦' • .- ¦
VICTIM OF. RACETRACK GAMBLING." DRIVEN TO DESPERATION BY- HIS LOSSES." FELLS 'A : CHINAMAN TO
THE GROUND ON A CROWDED STREET IN THE AFTERNOON AND THEN ROBS HIM OF A BAG OF 1 GOLD
coins. ¦'¦.' .¦.:'•¦ '.¦-.; ';'*'!*.¦¦. ¦."¦.••- .-¦..» .
LONDON,' Feb. 16.— The hopes that
the turning point of the war in
South Africa is within sight, now
Inspiring the market, are prob
ably doomed to disappointment.
The pacification of the Boers, if accom
plished, will be a slow matter, which
decisive engag-emements can affect but
little. The War Office expects from Gen
eral Kitchener no stroke such as settled
forever the hopes of the Soudan. The
heads of Great Britain's War Department
scarecly know any more than the public,
except that the- stern, laconic commander
of the troops in South Africa Is busily en
gaged In systematizing his huge forces for
an extended campaign. In him they trust
Implicitly and np amount of taciturnity
makes * their faith waver, though they
read with regret articles leading the pub
llce to believe that the Boers are likely to
be soon muffed out by one or several en
gagements. During the months General
Kitchener has had the command in South
Africa, he has been applying his energies
to prepare for events six. months hence
rather to dealing with the emergencies of
the present.
The Secretary of State for War, .W1J
11am St. John Broderlck. and' his fellow
Cabinet Ministers believe the .. same'
resistless progress which -comes only. by
upper Beam,- several of the rescuers were
overcome by. flames and foul cir and dras
tic measures had 4 to be. taken to. revive
them. "Two of the' men were in a critical
condition last night."- . ¦¦ • ' • "-¦¦
The next relief expedition. was lowered
j«5 feet. "The timbers were so. badly. sput
tered that further progress was considered
impossible. ' _- ¦ . ¦ - » >•
SEVEN MINERS I/OSE LIFE.
Terrific Explosion Occurs in. an Ari
.' • , zo'na Mine. .
TUCSQXi Feb. 16.— Seven men "«Re
ported, to have been .killed by an ex
plcsion at Commerce; 1 a small .mining
camp at Ash Peak! In Graham County, at
noon to-day.' ' ' .
J. W. Twomey, manager, of ; the Boston"
Company, who is developing gold and sll
ier mines, came to. Tucson this morning
and at noon 1 received a message that the
powder magazine had exploded and seven
men were supposed to have been killed.
Mr. Twomey said that there were seven'
men aside Xrom the foreman engaged • to
the day,ehlft It was their custom- to go
to the magazine at noon to get powder
for the afternoon blasting. He believes
that all perished.
The report which comes from -the camp |
says that the magazine was so completely,
demolished and blown to shreds that it
Is Impossible j to 'find .more than sniall^
fragments of human bodies, and ttiejser-j
are blackened by powder.- -', ¦¦'-¦'J
The men killed were American mlner^,
with the exception of one; who was. a'
Cornishman. Mr. Twomey says that- the
foreman of the day shift probably was ;
killed with the rest. He will leave on th^j
first. train for the camp.
JOHIO MINERS IMPRISONED.
Forty M«n Fight the Flames for Four
Hours.
CANAL DOVER, Ohio, Feb. 16.— Forty
miners were Imprisoned for four hours
last evening in a burning mine at Linden
Tree, near here. The fire was started by
the explosion of a barrel of gasoline,
which set fire to the timbers in the mouth"
of the mine. Egress was cut off and the
mine filled with smoke. For four hours
the forty men carried water, in their tin
buckets and threw It upon the flames. In
the meantime a rescuing party had been
organized in the village and fought the
flames from the outside. All were finally
rescued without being injured.
Ky., Feb. 16.— Considerable
excitement was created last evening
when Mary Murphy, a 19-year-old 'girl,
assaulted Dr. W. M. Cowgill, a promi
nent oculist, in" front of his office on
Broadway, with a riding whip, claiming
he had winked at her. Dr. Cowgill got
possession of the whip after being struck
several times. He claims he had never
seen the clrl before.' :'•*
Murphy.
Prominent Oculist of Paducah Is
/ v Assailed by Muscular Mary
WINKS AT A MAID
AND GETS WHIPPING
Van Metere declines to discuss the mat
ter further than he has outlined It in the
article he wrote for hls^ paper.- He is one
of the "oldest editors in Iowa in point of
continuous service. \ He. is an intimate
friend of former Governor Boies and sup
ported the latter in politics.
WATERLOO, Iowa, 'Feb. 16.— Isaiah
Van Metere, the veteran editor of a week
ly, newspaper here, publishes in this
week's -Issue of his Journal a story that
Pat Crowe had confessed to him that
he had' kidnaped • Edward A. Cudahy
Jr. Van Metere, who enjoys a good repu
tation, says that Crowe was sheltered and
fed. at his home on Tuesday night last.
He explains that he did not detain and
surrender the fugitive because Crowe hatl
saved his life about. twelve years ago. In
the alleged confession by Crowe, an ex
planation is made that he had no Inten
tion of harming young Cudahy and would
not have done bo if the money had not
been delivered, and that he had 520,000
planted winch he wishes to get in order
to be able to leave the country. .
the Boy. „
Did Not Intend to Harm
Kidnaper of Young. Cudahy Says He
PAT CROWE CONFESSES
TO AN IOWA EDITOIl
, '.'We • captured over twenty wagons,
many .of. which loaded 'with am
munition... and. also a Maxim, twenty
prisonera and .over 100 horses. The troops
are still In close pursuit." »
"Dewet's force crossed the railway at
Boardmans Siding, north of here, before
daylight February 15, closely followed by
Plumer, Crabbe and armored trains.
They engaged the enemy while crossing.
The Boers,- hqwever, cut the lines north
and south, of. the place of , crossing.-
General Kitchener." telegraphing from
DeAar, CapG Colony, under to-day's date,
says:
the perfection of every minor detail of the
machinery Will eventually reward General
Kitchener's patience, as It did In the
Soudan. But in private conversation they
frankly confess that it is utterly impos
sible, to ' speculate on the time which
must elapse before the end Is achieved
and it Is Quite wrong" to attribute undue
Importance to -isolated British victories.
Even the capture of Dewet, they now
think, would only in a small degree hasten
the pacification of the^annexedT'terrfrtory,
which- is. in. puch- a hostile condition;
When # the republics be.cqme,ln. facj, In
stead of in name, colonies of Great Brit
ain. '.General Kitchener, will be the man
who will get the credit and' upon whom
the rewards will be heaped. ,
COLOX'EL. PLU^IER/WHO IS IX COJt-MAXD OF OXE OF THE BRITISH
COLUMN'S ENGAGED IN THE PURSUIT OF BOERS LED BY THE
DARING GENERAL DEWET.
PACIFICATION OF
THE BOERS STILL
IN DIM DISTANCE
Even Capture of Dewet Would Not
riaterially Hasten the End
of Hostilities.
VAXAIMO. 3. O. Feb. 16.— The steamer
1 an. on which Premier James Dunsmuir,
tho had Just arrived from Ottawa, was
loingr rushed to the scene of the disaster
it his mine at Cumberland, was obliged
t> return to Nanaimo to-night because of
f blinding snowstorm, which, together
Tlih _a tilth northwest wind and a big
svell, would have made the attempt to
let through exceedingly dangerous.
The captain could not see a yard in front
<f him and feared a disaster similar to
feat which occurred to the Alpha.
According to advices from the mine, at
«'o. 6, where ever threescore miners are
entombed, the eoITIery management is now
fighting the f.re wifh flood. No. 5 shaft
Is closed, rire hose streams are pouring
vtter ir.to the Xo. 6 ratter, constructed
to carry the water of an eight-inch main
into the ralr.e. All the unfortunate miners
t re still entombed. Pending the result of
the flooding no further action can be
• lien. All hope has long Elnce been given
f up that any cf the men in shaft Xo. 6 are
B'Jll alive. The fire continues to burn
'fiercely. Xo man could approach within
UO feet of the place where the explosion
occurred at the bottom of the shaft.
Premier Dunsmuir to-day received a re
port frcm the superintendent of the
mines at -Union. This report corrects all
jjreviou /information regarding the posi
tion cf the missing shift. Inasmuch as it
states that the Chinese are the chief con
tributors to the roll of the dead. The re
port is dated to-day and says:
/'After consultation I decided to try to
gel thft air from No. 5 shaft, uslcg Xo. «5
«* upcast- .T\> tried that until 4 o'clock
this morning when siie exploded again,
cot heavily. Then all said It would be bet
ter to flood Xo. 6 above tho door-head at
once and afterward, try to work ttJ-oujrh
from, the fire.
"All hop& cf any living -was given, up
before we reached here. Xone of us who
came up had any hope cither. As near as
I can set at the number of men there
were twenty whites, cine Japanese- and
thirty-two Chinese down below. I cannot
tell hew lo^iff it will t<ike to fill the shaft
to tfce roof ct tha bottom. Xo. 5 shaft
works are til cood. Eotb shafts are cov
ered until the water sets tip. There ap
pears to to considerable fire in Xo. 6. '
"F. D. LITTLE."
The names cf the white miners who are
row dead hi Xo. 6 shult, with one name
lacking-, are £s follow*:
. W« £'. Walker, overman, leaves a widow
ft- 1 two daughters, his sons, George and
Vnilam,' having been killed with him.
John Wnlte. leaves a widow and four
children.
Thomas Lord, usraarrlefi.
James Hall, unmarried.
Duncan Monroe, leaves a widow and
large family. .
W. Snedder.. leaves a widow and large
family.
Peter Eaxdeson. leaves a widow and two
children.
C. Bono, unmarried.
R. Fleck, married. '
L- Simonds, mirrled.
Andrew Smith, Binglft.
D. M. Davis. single.
A. M. Affo, sir.c'e.
D. McGinnls, circle.
James Crosette. sinsrlrj
Joseph Alison, driver of first thitt, c!n-
¦ £ !e.
• George Turnbull. tlmbcnnan. lea%-e» a
vidow and two children.
According to ad\ices received at Xa
rairao. where the Premier and party are
tcld unta daylight, all hope has been
cbandoned. The men in the burning- mine
ere twenty whites, nine Japanese, and
tiirty-two Chinese. This Is the complete
s-.Ift which went en in the morning yes
terday end nol one of them escaped.
• This morning another explosion oc
r curred. Futile attempts were made to
nach the men.
All cf the Xo. 5 raea are out of that
e-aft and a second explosion Is feared.
Ihe force cf the concussion was bo great
t.at the men at work In No. 5 shaft were
n-arly thrown off their feet. On the top
flor lies a mass ofUwisted pipe, scrap
Irm and wood splinters from several
punds weight to saw dust, some belnz
bown clear from the bottom, the whole
cvered with the black flust. One cage
Tis near the bottom when the explosion
tok place. The other, nearer the top.
vis blown almost to the pulleys, where
te clutches held her without Injury.
r. W. Priestly. Fletcher Brothers* trav
«?r, who reached Xanalmo to-day from
Cumberland, was on Main street in Cum
trland when the explosion occurred. He
tys Its force was' terrible, debris and
tnbers being thrown two or three hun
6 d yards in the air.
ohn Matthews, the resident manager,
f't Xo. 5 when the explosion occurred.
2 ran to the scene, summoning men as
*> went. "U'ithin two hours after the ex-
P«ion one cf the cages "had been re-
Prod. Manager Matthews and volun
tfrs started to defcend.* Thcguides on
¦wich the cages run having been shat-
Vt*id, they could not get down more than
*<ty feet. Shortly afterward the upper
B«m was reached, but the raging flames
b«;ke<!« .the rescuers. Water was turned
. oi "Whlls engaged In work near the
f r«eda: rirratch to The Call.
Sbift Is Being Flooded to
3ring tlie Flames Under
Control.
Sixiy-One Men Perish
in the Colliery
> Disaster.
CUMBERLAND
VICTIMS ARE
BEYOND HOPE
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, X.
W., WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.— The Sena
tors and Representatives who have beep
that there -was "no occasion for
an extra seaflon of "Congress and' there
would be n£n<\ have been convinced the
President, wh~bT3 thesole arbiter* of -this
question, holds a contrary view, and he
will call the fifty-seventh Congress to
gether Jn extraordinary session about the
middle of March. In fact, the President
told Eom«5 of his Congressional callers to
day that he would in all probability call
an extra session for March 15, the same
date fixed _f or. the extra sesslon_of the
fifty-fifth Congress four years ago.
The President believes the Cuban con
vention will complete its work within the
next two weeks, and conditions In the Isl
and Justify hjm_ih calling an' extra _ ses
sion 1 of Congress so that the consti
tution may be acted upon without; de
lay, j The President believes Governor
General Wood will be able to show Cu
ban leaders that they should make some
constitutional provision for close and
enduring: friendly relations -with, the
United States, and their constitution will
not be objectionable to this Government
But he will express his views In 'a. mea
sage to Congress and leave the question
with the legislative branch of the Govern
ment. He desires that all causes for sus
picion shall ,be, removed at the earliest
possible date and Cubans be allowed to
proceed with the organization of their
government with the least possible inter
ference from this Government.. But > he
desires the question of Cuban relations to
the' United States ¦ be • now - fixed- so tSrere
maybe no cause, "fox m 'sunder standing -on'
either «ide. ."^r^", 5 --' 1 * '-*• \ ¦'. . ,'/': ;
1 Constitutional lawyers^ In \ the Senate
who two weeks ago thought* they could
meet", the question by a resolution provid
ing conditions under which the President
shall withdraw the United States troops
from Cuba, are now convinced the Presi
dent's course is wiser, and^lt will be bet
ter'to have the constitution submitted to
Congress at an extra session. -
The objections urged against an extra
session are largely sentimental. The
President Is trying, however, to keep all
pledges to' Cuba without. jeopardizing the
peace and prosperous ¦ conditions of this
country. He is as desirous as the' cham
pions of independence . to see, a free gov
ernment in Cuba ! which will permit tho
Cubans to control their own affairs". , He
does not, however,, believe an-,experi
mental government In Cuba should have
license to , interfere with the powers of
this Government under tho Monroe doc
trine, .which has been recognized by the
whole civilized world, for. half a century.
Sp^cIrI Dispatch to The Call.
to Pass Responsibility to.
Legislative Body.
Must Meet in March
to Act on Cuban
Aflairs/
President McKinley Decides
EXTRA SESSION
OF CONGRESS
TO BE CALLED
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO, 79.
laps 13 II
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 190 J-THIRTY-TWO PAOESi
Marvin Ford, a Commercial Traveler, Seeking to Con
ceal fli^
flother, Comniits a Bold Crim
AND R^QFtftS TO HiQHWAY
ROBBERY IN BROAD DAYLIGHT
....... . ¦ _ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ *¦ ..'...
verr ere o( (he day when "an attempt Vlll-be made to grlve to thlnVltr this i'esrnlixed debauch.
ery an nnfortnnnte man ''tell* What "it, meanii. ' Driven to' the last limit- of 'despair thrbnjfh his fajicina
tion for the rncetraek.-thin'.maSi-iacriflced everything he poiatnsed In life, evu his honor, and yet*
terday afternoon iwhen> he . "misplaced under, arrest for a horrifying crime he declared! .«l'w«i mined
by racetrack irambllnar. It vras the'.cnr«©of my life) and I wish that some one had .killed me before I
committed this crime to-day. —I am not a crhnlnal. -This 1* my first offense.* 'I planned It all out of
love for my^TTlfe and mother."- ' ."V"'.-' * '.':'*'" * "*•''. " ", ":'''' '¦ ¦ -- • •;
' Thin In pathetic sternness la .the "dissipation that. 3Iayor Phelan and his . representative, Snper
vlsorTobln,. Intend .to arlve-San'-Franclsco.^ On the very ere of the day-that'they Intend to perpetrate
thl* outrage apon the cltr a hnmlllated cltlien nho was'once'honest confesses ¦ that he own hlx dis
honor and his Imprisonment 'to the -iraeetraclc evil. He is but one among; thonwnih who have met
the' same* experience, and when the Supervisors meet to-morrow to consider Tthe.' re-establishment of
this evil In' San Francisco they; may .take his 'words as an Indication of vrhat; they mean
to fflve to this cltyJ In presenting, an ordinance that will reopen . Iaelealde racetrack the Supervis
ors of this city -will' vote to make 'criminals otf t of men vrho ; should 'not' be - nnd to ijive to yonnjr
men /whose* purpose : ,ls to do rlglit.a enne from which they cannot recover. The 'laine Is one of the
utmost 'seriousness 'to "'the'-people* of i this city and' the Board of Supervisors? will .probably never be
called' upon to perform 'a sterner ,dnty In which their reputations and th'e "welfare of.' the people of
San. Francisco; wlll^ be. more deeply' involved. . .. '•. . •'? .;•'.'-•/
The San Francisco Call
fe 13 to 22BIO GXTN ON KEARSAItGE
L- / ;; DISABLED BY SHELL
An^automobile driver Jn -!n«V York; who
overcharged-. a, customer and put the dif
ference In his p66ket,hasb€en - convicted
of petty; larceny. ¦ .; . *. ~
:*s. p. q.,r.
Non Sputate sui Pavlmento."
Surely the anti-climax .could hardly bo
surpassed: "In^ the. name of the Senate
and the people of Rome: -Don't spit on the
floor!" * In view of this notice, by the way
what becomes: of .the tradition so -widely
prevalent in. Europe, that only AtnerlcanJ.
are addlcted_to the , habit referred - to?—
New^York Tribune. • , - - :
There Arej pthers.
The" majestic and erandiose- initials S
P. Q. n. (Senatus Fopulusque Romanus)"
so Intimately; connected v/Ith the power
and glory, of ancient »Rome, -are' put to
some queeruses by the modern Aldermen
of Rome. The following notice is posted
in the Senate-house on the Capltollno
Hill: ¦ ' ' • -"- ••",-*, ' "*
Dogs Prefer the Lrand.
Forty-one dogs In forty-one crates" gave
thanks in forty-one different Keys when
the White Star freight steamer Tauric
reached her dock. They had been
at sea nearly two weeks and barked
their keen delight that the trip was at an
end. They came from Liverpool and are
to form part of the forthcoming big dog
show at Madison Square Garden. There
were all kinds of dogs, from the big and
haughty St. Bernard to the beautiful St.
Charles Epaniel, with a row of ugly .bull
dogs to form an attractive background of
teeth and toughness.— Pittsburg Dispatch.
The Pithecanthropus.'
..There is a chance. for some rich man to
'make himself famous by furnishing funds
to mead a scientific expedition' to" Java to
fiearch "for the' fossil remains • of the
Pithecanthropus, or ap« man.' Professor
Beedier of Yale says that. If there Is any
place -where the "missing link" can b»
discovered It should be there. — Boston
• Gl0b«. .- . . ; . , •
Consul Becomes Insane.
WASHINGTON. Feb.. 16.-Sehator Helt
feld of Idaho lo-day proposed an amend
ment to the subsidy bill giving the Inter
state Commerce Commission "power to fix
freight and passenger charges on all ships
receiving subsidy under the act;, also an
amendment excluding ?from v subsidy all
tank • ships and vessels carrying petro
leum In' cases and barrels.
; WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— Max .Adler,
the Vice Consul: of. the" United States at
Kehel, Germany; has »' cabled' " the* State
Department" that the Consul there, Alex
ander Wood," has become insane and has
been taken to' the asylum at' 8tra.ueburg.-
The physicians give hope of his ultimate
recoverj'.- ... -^ - . • . . . s. ¦..¦;' ,-
Amendment to .'Subsidy Bill.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.— The National
Society of , the- Children of the American
Revolution opened . its . annual convention
in this city to-day. The following officers
were elected : President, Mrs. George • M.
Sternberg; vice president, presiding, Mrs.
Stephen G. Field; vice president, in charge
of organization of lyal societies. Mrs: A;
H. Clark: recording -secretary, Mrs. Mar
cus, Benjamin; - cerresppndlng secretary;
Mrs. J.K. Taylor;. treasurer, Mrs. J. v.
Janin;* registrar, Mrs. Harry Heth; chap
lain, Mrs. T. A.- Hamlin. .._.¦: .
Officers Chosen.
Will Inspect Navy Yard.
WASHINGTON." Feb., 16.— Secretary
Long, accompanied by Mrs. Long and Ad
miral Endicott, left to 7 day. for Pensacola;
Fla., to inspect the navy yard at that
point. « ; Vy^v^^f
WASHINGTON, Feb. . 16. — Senator
Hanna gave a dinner, to the President to
night at his residence. Those present
were President and Mrs. McKinley," Mr.
and Mrs. Cornelius N. Bliss and Senator
and '¦ Mrs. Hanna. " ,.
Hanna Dines 'tHe President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Feb. 16.— The Dowager Em- ,
press is gradually "weakening In "regard to
tise. demands of the powers. In an edict
Issued to-day, which was communicated
to the foreign Minister* by. the Chinese
Coxmnlssloners, she reiterates the sins of
China, which, she declares Were commit
ted' because of the bad advice of great
Ministers Who deserve the severest pun
ishments demanded in the note of indict
ment of the Ministers. .;
: In. the "edict the Dowager Empress
score* many high officials and orders that
Prince Tuan and Duke Lan must be ban
ished for life to the borders of Turkestan,
and Prince Chuang must commit suicide.
In order to comply with the demand of
the Ministers for* satisfactory nroof that
these punishments were carried out. the
Empress Dowager In this edict .declares
she will appoint a high Minister of State
to see Prince Chuang commit suicide. .
'¦In regard to Yu Hslen. the notorious ex-
Governor of Shansi Province, who person
ally killed numerous Christians. | the • Em
press in the decree says, he has f)ed to
the province of Kansu. but will be appre
hended; immediately and executed under
the supervision of a high official wiio.wfll
be appointed for that purpose.
As to Yingulen. or Tingnien.-and Chao
Shu Chao, It is ordered they shall be Im
prisoned while : waiting execution. Gen
eral Tung: Fu SiaDSf.will.be 1 . deprived of all
his honors and .relieved of big command.
lln regard to.Kans ; Yl, L^-PenB Hen?
and Hsu Tung, .who are dead, the Em
press commands that all . official . honors
shall be .revoked as a posthumous'sen
tence .and punishments under Chinese
laws- be visited on their families. -as de
manded'by the Ministers. ,.-¦*.
~ As to i two Chinese * officials ; whose pun-
Feb. . 16.-The con
ferees on the war, revenue reduction bill
held a meeting to-day /i but accomplished
nothing.. The ! House conferees insisted
that' they -.could not "accept the. Senate
substitute and the Senate conferee* main
tained that If any measure was, to be
come law the House was to agree* to the
Senate bin. "•*, There • seems practically . a
deadlock. It is. believed that the Repub
licans on the committee from each house
will get together to see if some agree
ment cannot be reached. . . ¦ ¦— . .-
Conferees in a Deadlock.
Girard College 'has one of the most re
markable records of the century In n
financial -way. 1 The :total invested. capital
of :the estate is reported to bfe $15,987.503..
but as an endowment it Is nearer $26,50},-.
000. Its coal is." the most • Trai
uableln the" Schuylklll region: .'Its 'city
real estate In Philadelphia Is assessed at'
$5,807,800; in. city. 4oans: It has $2,094,350;
bonas and, mortgages are "given at over
$2,000,000; and other investments nearly
$500,000. The rent and. royalty "of thd
eleven . collieries for : the year | amounted
to over $350,000 ; income from real estate
$530,027; other receipts -.from;' rents an'l ;
dividends, etc., amounted* In all to $2,335
840. The doctrinaires, could hardly draw
any moral from this " college,- founded by
a -practical- pagan,- with which to ' adorn
a', tale. Even Stephen , Glrard could not
have foreseen to what extent his great
Institution, which now covers forty-one
acres of Philadelphia, r--- should grow —
Philadelphia Times. -; V . •'. .
ed by Philadelphia Miser.
RECORD OF, GIRARD COLLEGE.
Growth, of Great Institution. Found-
DOWAGER EMPRESS IS NOW
YIELDING TO POWERS' DEMANDS
'"About the funniest Justice Court In
cident I ever knew of," recalled a well
known Trenton lawyer In a chat with
Henry Robbing the other day, "was one
In a case in which a motion to dismiss
wan being argued; My father had made
the motion. Some pettifogger on the oth
er side read a declaration from WilHajms
on 'Personal Property' that was clearly
against the contention my father was
making. He recognized that, they had
omitted a qualifying clause which cov
ered the case in Issue. He requested the
attorney to let him see the book. The
man insisted that he was not carrying
around books for other lawyers; that he
bbught his book and It was private prop
erty. In vain did father appeal to the
Justice.. That eminent authority said that
he had no power to compel an attorney
to loan Bis book to another. When fath
er's'turn came* he went into his . saddle
bags, got out a copy of the Revised Stat
utes of the State, and proceeded to read
a section which provided _ that Williams,
on 'Personal Property* should no longer
be held as an authority In the 8tate of
West Virginia. Of course there was noth
ing of the kind in there. He simply ex
temporized a statute, repealing clause and
all. The other attorneys were on their
feet clamoring to see that statute. He
held them to their views about private
property, and the Justice etayed with
him. granting the motion and censuring
the attorneys on the other side for their
attempt at sharp practice."— Kansas City
Journal.- •
- - . •
Virginia Court.
IT WORKED BOTH WAYS.
Impromptu Law Was Good in t West
Messrs. Cromwell, and . Sullivan ", and
Francis Stetson were busily engaged yes
terday in drawing the incorporation pa
pers. ¦ The incorporation -will be in New-
Jersey. The , details that, 'are yet . to . be
determined concerning the deal relatft
chiefly to .the basis of- exchange of old
securities for new, and definite announce
ment on this point' is not looked for until
next week. •*-..-..
• * i
PITTSBURG, Feb. 16.— It#ls understood
that C: M. Schwab, president of the Car
negie Company, was really the man who
consummated the great Carnegie-Morgan
deal in which a number of matters 'came
up that threatened seriously to overturn
all negotiations, but which were removed
by the tact of the Carnegie president. It
is said that Mr. Frick will receive $22.5C0,
000 In" preferred stock, and .$22,500,000 In
common stock. In -the ' same- proportion
the capital of «the Carnegie Company will
Increase from $160 ,00u ,000 to '$480,000,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— The Mall and
Express says: The steel problem with
which J. P. .Morgan, John; D. Rockefeller
and their associates -have been wrestling
has been all but .- solved; Not only has
Andrew Carnegie been paid a sum of
money slightly in excess of $25,000,000 for
his stock, the balance to be paid in bonds
of thenew'comparty.-but the minority in
terest in the „ same company has been
placated. ,
The World to-morrow will say: Wall
street men 1 . were not surprised yesterday
when the enormous cash payment to An
drew Carnegie was not reflected In the
bank statement: Byagreemertt the cash
paid to the Carnegie st6ckholders - was de
posited In banks to their cre'dit,
with the . understanding that It Is not to
be withdrawn for several days. Wall
street brokers also believe that Mr. Car
negie, is investing irt railroad stocks, a*
he has always expressed a horror of spec
ulation. . -..--. -.•¦•¦¦' : "- " '. : • .
summates the Great
Steel Combine.
Carnegie-s- President Con-
This solution did not meet with the ap
.prov&l of the male members of the party,
who seemed convinced that gambling was
the cause of Gavan's fall from grace.
Two among the heavy losers , are em
ployes Platt and Letts, eqch of whom is
out $100. Their estimates of the number
and amount of checks missing differ
greatly from that of Mr. Donnelly. Ac
cording to them the amount will probably
exceed $1000.. . ¦ -.-.,....
"Wo trusted Frank implicitly-," said
both Platt and Letts at the City Hall
last night. "He has been cashing these
checks for us ever since he came Into the
employ of the . company. He. played the
races once in awhile when he had a day
off; and we thought he might have gone
yesterday, to one of the tracks." -
"No," said one of the ladies who ac
companied the men to the City Hall, "I
do not think so. Frank said he knew of
better opportunities .and often spoke of
Manila. Possibly he went away on the
Sherman."' -> v : •
Assistant Superintendent. Donnelly tel
ephoned to his wife at 954 Geary street,
asklng-her If she had seen Frank at the
racetrack. She answered that she had
not. Donnelly said last night:
"1< rank has been in the employ of the
company . for a. year and a half, six
months of the time being spent here. He
was a man of excellent reputation. He
had about eight or nine checks, the total
of which as Tar-as I can learn amounted
to $545. We fear that after receiving the
money r he met with foul play. I, lost noth
ing by him, and have been acting with
Deteqll%-e Rlordan in the interest of. Mr.
Walker." •• *
Shortly after his installation .he was
given checks to collect. He always made
prompt return to his fellow employes, un
til yesterday, when : he •' received a larger
number than usual. He was due at the
yards about noon, but when he did not
return an hour later Inquiries were set on
foot. Finally it dawned upon the waiting
employes to communicate with the police.
His description was furnished and de
tectives were sent but to find him. No In
formation as to his whereabouts could be
had at, his residence and then the em
ployes/ who waited for the * money that
never came. started out to hunt on their
owrt hook. ¦
As a result of the confidence repo'sed
in him by - his superiors Gavan received
more than ordinary, consideration from
the other employee. He was trusted im
plicitly. .
ferrtd from Pueblo, Colo,," and roomed at
526 Harrison street. -He*. was popular In
the "yard" and enjoyed the friendship of
J. "W. Walker, the, superinten
dent, and J. R." Donnelly, his assistant.
Ford's; wife and. mother visited him In
the prison last night. The meeting of th<»
prisoner 'and his relatives' waa pathetic
and brought tears to. the eyes of many
who witnessed.it. The autnoritletlla^t
night' placed two charges against Tordi
one. of assault to, murder and .another of
robbery.- :^.'.- ; ... •. , ¦ ;. ¦
Ford's name .was. placed on, the "detinue
book. He begged that his relatives be ex
cluded from seeing him in- his disgrace.
He Is 1 refined and: has every evidence, of
respectablllty."-Hls father died some years
ago, and since then. he. has provided for
his mother, taking her wherever .he went.
Recently his salary has been small,
amounting to only $60^ a month., but In
*pit<? of this he, married .and, says that
both relatives could be easily provided for
on that sum. r "*¦"*-. -.;-.
Disgrace Hard to Bear.
"I was ruined by" racetrack" gambling,"
said Ford at the Hall of Justice. "It was
the curse- of -my life and I wish that some
one had killed me before I committed this
crime to-day. I am not a criminal. This
is my first offense. -¦ I planned it all. out
of love for my wife and mother.'. When I
found the- piece" of pipe I thought of load
ing it, but I refrained. from doing this as
It was not my intention to commit mur
der—simply to make up some of my de
ficiencies. . ¦¦[:'¦¦ ; ¦ • -.-*
The police were Immediately . notified
and Detective Hammill was detailed .'to
capture the offender. -While Long had an
ugly gash aprpss the forehead and was
partially insensible,, yet he Was able to
give the police a minute' description of his
assailant, and I on this - the'- detective
worked.' Hammill finally located a man
in a restaurant at 226 Battery street, near
the Bcene of the crime, who answered the
description of the highwayman rfnd.wait
ed for him to come out. s It was Ford, and
at first he denied his guilt. ., •
. The detective noticed that one. of his
pockets bulged out,' and when the bag of
stolen coin was produced" Ford frankly
admitted his guilt and told the story of
his crime. When he repeated the -story he
wept like a child. ' - , -
Detective Makes Capture. '
i ¦, Planned a Bold'^Kobbery. .
• When Ford reached Third and Town
send streets he looked .about "i for a
weapon. Searching a junk y^rd that be
longed to the railroad company he found
a piece of Iron pipe fourteen inches long.
This, he thought, would suit his purpose,
and concealing it under his coat he start
ed for his home. When his wife spoke of
the small amount of money In the house
he told her; that he would have more on
the morrow and asked her not to worry.
• Yesterday at noon the desperate com
mercial traveler stationed himself at the
entrance of the Nevada Bank. He had
first requested a vacation from his em
pl6yers, E. E. GeOrge & Co.," at 35 Stev
enson street, until the 20th day of the
present month. "Many people passed in
and, out of, the banking place, but none of
them showed evidences of having a large
amount of money. Finally Lee Long, who
Is employed In the cigar factory of
Cabanas & Co.r at' 420 Front street,
stepped out on the sidewalk with a sack
of coinin his hand.- Ford decided* that his
opportunity, had arrived and he followed
Long. . ¦ • ., r '-¦¦ " ¦¦ -'•¦' ~ r e -¦¦¦-¦ -:
When, the pair arrived at ' a point m
front of 314 Sacramento street Ford dealt
the 'Chinese a blow across the forehead
with the iron pipe and sent him reeling
to the pavement. Then he picked up thtj
bag of money and' leisurely walked away.
Ford was well dressed and of such a re-«
spectable ... appearance that pedestrians
?were astonished by. the'daring act. * Be
fore any one could interfere the highway
man had disappeared on Battery street.
commit it as he sped toward the city
from the place that had been his ruin.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
RAILWAY CLERK GAVAN IS GONE
WITH S10BO Of EMPLOYES' COIN
LOSES MONEY GAMBLING AND
I RESORTS TO HIGHWAY ROBBERY
Con tinned. From Page Thirteen.
broldered with silver and a full court
train - of- ivory ¦ velvet embroidered .with
fiprays of roses. She wore the superb
We'stminster diamond and pearl orna
ments. Pages In suits copied from Gains
borough's "Blue Boy" bore the train.
•There ./were eight bridesmaids in white
satin, with wreaths of white roses and
silver leaves on their heads instead of
picture hats.
After the ceremony, there was" a recep-
• In retaliation against the action of Can
non, chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, yesterday, in filibustering
against the passage of private claims,
.Richardson, the minority leader, attempt
ed to block the consideration of the sun
dry civil appropriation bill until a quo
rum was produced. When Cannon made
the motion to go Into committee of the
whole to resume the consideration of the
sundry civil bill Richardson demanded
a division, which showed less than 100
members, present, and Richardson made
the point of no quorum. > .
"The gentleman from Illinois yester
day," said, he, "insisted upon a quorum
to pass an $800 claim.' I think w-e should
have a quorum to-day to pass a measure
carrying $60,000,000." , , » J
"The gentleman may make himself re*
Tsponslble for an extra session,"' observed
Cannon In reply, as the Speaker directed
a call of the House. Under that order
the doors were closed and the sergeant
at arms was directed to • bring in absent
members. - . •- " ... ¦' . .,- •
Two hundred and one members ap
peared, all voting for Cannon's motion,
and accordingly the -House went -into
; committee of the whole and resumed the
consideration of the sundry civil bill! |
Olmstead of' Pennsylvania' continued to
make points of order against all new leg
islation in the bill and such. increases 4 as
were not authorized by law.
Hill of Connecticut moved to strike out
the Item of $100,000 for the free transpor
tation of silver coin. The motion was op
posed by McRae of Arkansas, Shafroth
and Bell of Colorado and by Cannon.
Hill's motion was defeated — 61 to 66.
Cowherd" of - Missouri-offered-- an- amend
ment to appropriate $50,000 for food and
supplies for -the native - inhabitants of
Alaska. Cannon made a point of order.
Pending a decision upon the point of or
der the committee arose. Saturday, Feb
ruary 23, at 4 o'clock, was set aside for
paying tribute the memory of the late
Representative A. D.' Shaw of New York.
At 4 o'clock public business was sus
pended to allow the members to pay
tribute to tho memory of the late Repre
sentative Hoffecker of Delaware. '
The following were the speakers: Lacy
of Jowa; Hedg« • of Iowa, Brossius of
Pennsylvania, Capron of Rhode Island,
Hill of Connecticut. Gibson of Tennessee,
Morton of Ohio, Mlers of Indiana, Ham
ilton of -MlchiganrButler^of Pennsylvania
and Crumpacker of Indiana. . . ».
At 5:30 o clock, as a further mark of re
spect, the House adjourned. ,•
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The House
to-day made little progress with the v sun
dry civil appropriation bill. 'The- major
portion of the time was spent in debating
a proposition offered by Hill of Connec
ticut to strike out the appropriation of
$100,000 for the free transportation of sil
ver coin. It was defeated— 61 to 66.
Hill's Amindment on Trans-
portatidn of Silver Coin
Is Defeated.
SUNDRY CIVIL BILL
BEFORE THE HOUSE
LONDON. Feb. 16.— The Duke of
Westminster and Miss Shelagh'
West were married at St. Paul's
Church, Knightsbridge, this aft
ernoon. The edifice was filled to
its capacity with distinguished people.
The service was fully choral. , Colonel
William Cornwallis-West gave his daugh
ter away. .
The bride wore a gown of soft white
satin, with chiffon overdress richly em-
On motion of Allison the Senate decided
to consider until 1 o'clock unobjected bills
on the calendar. Under thau order the
following bills were passed:
Referring to the Court of Claims the
claim of William K. Woodbridge for com
pensation for use by the United States of
nis Invention relating to projectiles; per
mitting the transportation by steam ves
sels of gasoline and other products of
j>etrolc-um when carried by motor .vehi
cle* known as automobiles, when used as
source of motive power; providing thai It
ehall be & misdemeanor lor a civilian tO'
ret use to appear and testify before a mil
itary court-martial; authorizing the
Board of Supervisors of Puna County,
Arizona", to issue fifty-year 4 per cent
bonds of Pima County, Arizona, to re
deem certain bonded Indebtedness, not
txceecing $147,000, but to include only
legal bonded indebtedness.
At 1 o'clock the sHip subsidy bill, as the
unfinished business, was laid before the
Senate. Spooner demanded recognition
and moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of what is known as the
oleomargarine bill. . The motion was
agreed to— 45 to 3— "Senators ChUton of
Texas and Vest of Missouri casting the
only votes in the negative.
Hale of Maine, appealed to Proctor, "in
tow of almost unanimous vote" by which
the oleomargarine Mil was taken up, to
permit a vote to be taken upon the meas
ure immediately. • - -.
Half a dozen Democrats were on their
feet at once. Berry, gaining recognition,
eaid: . ¦
"I want to. ssy to the Senator from
llajne that the 'almost unanimous vote'
to take up tbe bill was not because the
Senate is* unanimously in favor of it, but
it was In order to ret ria of, set aside and
give- a black eye to the ship subsidy bill."
"Not that they love Caesar less," sug
gested Hale, smilingly, "but they love
Rome more." (.Laughter.)
Proctor of Vermont, chairman of the
Committee on Agriculture, from which the
oleomargarine bill was reported, made a
statement as to the bill. He was of the
opinion that the enactment of the bill
would put the oleomargarine business
upon a sound and hoLest basis, and In
this end the oleomargarine manufacturers
would be the better for the change.
"16 it the object of this bill." inquired
Vest of Missouri, "to Collect revenue, or
the end the oleomargarine manufacturers
ture of oleomargarine?"
"The measure shows on' its face," replied
Proctor. v that it ,is partly for the
collection of revenue* • and partly for'
the protection of the honest' butter prod
uct."
"I want to know," Inquired Stewart, "if
the principal object <*f this bill is not to
raise the price of dain- butter and thus
Impose upon the common people?"
"I think." responded Proctor, "that it
will have a very slight effect in that direc
tion."
The discussion took a rather humorous
turn when Proctor and Tlllman began
comparing their respective experiences in
dairying. Proctor said he had milked 2jO
cows and had had fifty years "of dairy ex
perience.
Tillman said he used to carrv his but
ter to market every Saturday and he went
from the dairy to the Governor's chair.
The South Carolina Senator declared
that the restrictions on coloring should ap
ply to butter and oleomargarine alike, and
he causfd much amusement by the vehe
mence of his denunciation of "axle
grease" and all other decoctions, connec
tions ana contraptiona put off on the pub
lic, although he held that if a purchaser
wanted axle grease he was entitled t->
have it. • ..
Without completing the bill. It was laid
aside for the purpose of taking up un
object«-d House bills. -
Among the bills passed were the follow
ing: To incorporate the National Society
cf United States Daughters of 1812: auth
orising the Portland. Kehalem and Tilla
mook Railroad Company to construct a
bridge' across Nchalem' Bay and river in
Oregon. •, ¦ •¦ •
One hundred end ninety-seven private
pension bill* were passed, among • them
bills giving pensions of $50 a month to ths
widows of General Dubarry. Admiral
Crosby. Colonel Llscum, Admiral Picking
and Commissary General Penrose.
At 5:50 p. m. the Senate adjourned.
In the absence of Fry*, President" pro
tem.. who Is confined to his apartments
by Illness, Perkins of California occupied
tie chair at the opening of to-day's ses
eton of the Senate.
Jones of Arkansas offered a resolution
discharging the Committee on Judiciary
from the consideration of the so-called
anti-trust bill and' providing that it
ehould be considered by the Senate. The
resolution went over until Monday.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.— At the con-'
elusion of the morning hour in 'the Sen
ate to-<ftiy, when the unfinished business,
the shipping bill, was laid, < before tb^«
body, Spooner moved to proceed to the-"
consideration of the oleomargarine -bllk-
By a practically unanimous' vote^-only
two Senators voting In the hegatlve^the
motion prevailed. Thus the subsidy bill
was displaced as the unfinished business
and the oleomargarine bill- was placed in
that order. After a little over an hour's
consideration of the measure "It- was""laid.
afiide In order that the unobjected . bills.
on the calendar might be considered.
Xearly 200 bills, including 175 privatcpen
tlon bills, were passed during the day.-
'The 1 addition of 30 per cent to the duty
will, it is thought, prove practically pro
hibitory. The action taken to-day means
that the Russian will not
concern itself with a- test caste nor await
the issue of such a ease. However, there
Is an expectation that the American im
porters of Russian sugar will make the
fight on their own . interests. Some car
goes of Russian sugar are now afloat and
on the way to the United States, where
at least one is due to arrive in the next
ten days. It is not doubted that the con
signees in the United States will, rather
than pay the countervailing duty, which
would make It impossible to compete with
other sugar, make up a test case. If the
issue favors the Russian side, then the
obnoxious decree will be amended, though
it Is not decided that the' Russian Gov
ernment feels offended. The text of the
Russian order is as follows:
; An~ order of the Russian Minister of
Finance directs additional tariff of 30
per cent net imposed upon articles in
cfuded In paragraphs 150, 151, 152, 153, 161
and section 2, discrlminatfng tariff, upon
American hardware, iron, steel, boilers,
pipes, forgings. castings,, tools, gas and
water meters, dynamos, sewlqg machines;
paragraph 167 of the Russian tariff laws,
when such articles are of American manu
facture. This includes motors and ma
chinery of all -kinds .
SCHWAB THE MAN
WHO MAKES DEAL
. WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— Count | Cas
si t ni, the Russian Embassador, this after
,noon received 'a cablegram from the Rus
sian Foreign /Office confirming the report
of . the issue | of tlie decree imposing in
creased duties on certain American Im
ports into Russia, and took steps to'In
form the State Department accordingly.
It is realized that a grave crisis has been
reached in the trade relations of the
United States and Russia. The Immediate
effect of the "Russian decree; when it be
comes operative on March 1, will be to in
crease by 30 per cent the duty on Ameri
can machinery, steel and iron goods.
These goods already enjoy two separate
reductions, "30 per cent being taken off
from the general and 20 per cent from the
conventional. duties/ The articles referred
to in the Russian decree* are machinery
and tools of every kind, manufactures and'
products of cast iron and steel. Roughly
stated-, the United States." Is said to have
exported goods of this description to Rus
sia last 'year to the amount of about. (30,
000,000. - > • .. •- -
' ST. , PETERSBURG, Feb. 16.—The
.F'lnance Minister, M. de Wltte, has proved
-bis ability to hit quick and hard. He was
evidently prepared for reprisals before^
Secretary Gage took final' action. M. 'de*
Wltte sent to the Senate Wednesday for
publlca tlon an ordinance levying 30 per -
cent Increased duty on the most Impor
tant American imports into Russia. The
ordinance was published to-day in the Of
tlclal Messenger, and becomes effective
March 1. This action is greatly regretted
in American circles and Americans antici
pate much ' harm therefrom. Well in
formed Americans do not bellevfe the-Su
preme- Court'Will sustain ..the claim -that
• Russia pays a bounty on sugar directly
or indirectly, and regard the action taken
as' hasty, though not unexpected. It is
believed that little harm would have re
sulted to .Russian interests if the action
: of the court had been awaited.-/ ¦
Two Countries.
- Trade . Relations of the
It Is Now Realized That a Grave
j Crisis Has Taken Place in the
Levies Thirty Per Cent In
creased Duty on Ameri
can Imports.
RUSSIA STRIKES
BACK QUICKLY
By an Almost TJnarrimotts Vote the
Ship Subsidy Bill Is Dis
placed as Unfinished
Business.
garine Bill
Compare Experiences While
Discussing Oleomar-
SENATORS POSE
DAIRYMEN
Married in Splendor at 5t. Paul's Church, and Eng
% land's King and Queen Are Among Those
Sending Gifts to the Happy Couple.
COLONEL CORNWALLIS WEST'S
DAUGHTER BECOMES THE BRIDE
OF THE DUKE OF WESTMlNSTER
14
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL^ SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
The newly, married couple, received over
500 presents.. Among the • donors , were
King Edward, Queen Alexandra. ' the
Duke and' Duchess of Cornwall and York:
tion at Countess Grosvenor's house. Sub
sequently the couple, started for Eaton
Hall, where they will spend their honey
moon. An enthusiastic,. reception of the
bride and bridegroom has been prepared
by the tenants. There ; will be a torch
light procession- and illuminations.
PRINCIPALS IN A MAGNIFICENT WEDDING AT. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, LONDON, YESTERDAY AFTERNOON
THAT;WAS WITNESSED BY MANY DISTINGUISHED PEOPLE. THE COUPLE RECEIVED BOO: PRESENTS,
AMONG THE DONORS BEINGKIXG EDWARD AND QUEEN ALEXANDRA. •*,!:-< .
A policeman's 'club' generally has a'jjar
alyzingr Influence-on those .with -whom it
comes in -contact. : > {.«• - .
The staff;burcaus at Washington 'have
greatly profited by the~army-Jbill. The
heavily officered staff of the bureaus have
been - Increased as follows: ;¦ New adjutant
generals, eleven ; : new inspector generals,
seven;" additional | quartermasters, thirty;
subsistence "officers,-; three; surgeons, 129
paymasters,", eighteen: engineers, thirty
three; ordnance officers, ;; sixteen; sig-nal
officers, .thirteen; in all,: some 260 officers
Passing; over to the line,'" to the cavalry
will be added 280 officers, to the infantry
425 and to the artlllerj' 315. while the num
ber of generals is increased' from nine, to
twenty-two; headedfby a lieutenant gen
eral.—Arkansas Gazette. - :
Staff - I/argely Increased.
Explosion Takes Place While Sqund
. ' ron ' Is ¦ at Target '< Practice
, . OS \Pensacola,' ' : -\ '.'¦', '- - ¦ ,
NEW YORK,! Feb. • 16.— A special to this
Journal from Pensacola says:- One of the
big ¦ thir teen-inch ; guns f o)t : { the H flagshi p
Kearsarge is disabled and out of commis
sion as a result of a shell , exploding as it
was .being . placed In the gun. The acci
dent. occurred;O(t Pensacola last Saturday
.while the squadron was at target practice.
The . big ¦ shell' was /hoisted • into Sf position,
and.the gunners had taken their positions
when it explodedr^The shock from. the ex
plosion -of •theishell; was tremendous; and
the big vessel. shook. ¦'.¦-.¦ '.¦ ,
Guns of this type aro builtVafWashing
. ton i Navy Yard - and '¦ cost ; about $100,000
each*'-; .¦;.-.;.. .,_¦¦..:_¦;
tshment was demanded by the Minister},
and who "are. In the hands of Japaneis
troops, the decree says the court does njt
know ©f, any ©vldenee that warrants tfo
infliction of the death punishment. Hot
ever, the decree appoints LI Hung Chat?
and Prince . Chins special commission's
to look Into -the matter and to> rep<tt
fully as to- the nature of the crimes ft
these two men. fc • i
S While the decree does not comply futy
with the demands -of the Ministers, It
makes .the punishment of certain omclca
more severe than-heretofore expected. 6
WASHINGTON, . Feb. 15.— The dlpi
matlc and consular appropriation bill vns
to-day reported to the Senate with an t
crease of $47,470 over the allowance of tfe
House, making the total H.S65.22S. TV>
largest Item of increase is 120.000 for letu
tlon grounds at Peking. China, and J.5»
for student Interpreters In China, Tfe
purchase at Peking is for land adjotnirj
the present legation and the btilMins
thereon, as recommended by M'.niatr
Conger. The student Interpreters ar#o
be rfvo In number. ,to study the Chines
language with a view to. aiding our <|a
suls in China. • ..'... •
CONSUMPTION CUBED. I
An oM physician, retired from practlc*, \\a
placed In bis hands by an Kast India mla»| ,.
«ry the • fornmla of a simple vegetable reqaty
for the cpeedy and permanent cure of Consul.
Onn. .Bronchitis, -Catarrh. ., Asthma andajl
Throat and V-ms AfTectlon*: also a pob1Uv?Li
radical cup*- for Nerwm* lability and all Jr.
vous Complaints. - Having tested l;» wondea!
curative powers In thousands erf cases, antfe.
glTtnf to relieva human : sufferinr. I will tid
free of charge to all who wish it>thla reolotin
German. French or English, with lull dlrectni
ff.r preparing and using. . Sent by .mall- bT,d^
dressing, with Mamp, ¦ n»mln< tats paper.'.r
A. Noye». S47 Powers* Block. RocHeiter. N*
GOVERNOR ATKINSON
¦ ¦ - v .
Of National Fame : Pronounces Pe-ru-na
an Excellent Catarrh Remedy.
MORE EVIDENCE THAT. EVERY HOME
.NEEDS THIS REMEDY.
-Half* the Nation Suffers From Catarrh.
<••••• >••••¦• ••••••?? •••••• MMMI>IMMMM>i|MMt{
GOVERNOR O. W. ATKINSON OS WEST VIRGINIA.
/ '¦ Charleston, W. Va., March 9, 1898.
The, Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio:
Gentlemen— "I can recommend your preparation, Peruna, as a
tonic. Its reputation as a cure for catarrh is excellent, it having
been used by a number of people known to me with the very best results." —
G. W. Atkinson. ¦¦¦ '' :\
FULLY 50 per .cent of the people of the United States are suffering from ca-
tarrh In some degree or phase. There is scarcely a home In the land entire-
ly free from thin disease. One or more, members at every household either
has catarrh,or. some other aJlment directly de- .««.»,, .«..,. » <<> , J , , .
pendent upon catarrh: Catarrh is rapidly becom- x 4
.Ing a national scourge. Its existence In the s>*3- * <•
tem complicates and intensities any ailment a * ' iBilgp^gy.^MN. . ,
person may happen. to have. With these alarm- • . s«^B^^- x *8S'S$«?\ <>
ing facts comes the- encouraging news that P» 4 ]^ = ~ ' '
runa cures. catarrhv. Cures it permanently: cures \ ' ' ' 1 g^ «S8siia "
It by eradicating. It entirely from the system. a j 0" • ..^ inwsJw t
Peruna is an internal systemic remedy reaching 4 gptetr'^yy > v*w
the disease at its fountain-head. It cures catarrh *2"B^ 1 * kHL >>
of the head, lungs, stomach, ll\^r. kidneys, or 1^*7 ? JK&f) "
catarrh of any other organ of the body. • - , , §^t§r . "" tuV i I
Mr. F. A. Dlxon of 310 East Tenth street, Kan- fei^&AA Jw <>
sas City. Mo., editor of the Missouri department £s n
of the "Sprig of Myrtle," in a recent letter to i^KiWlwSv \ n
Dr. Hartman. says: Aj*S*?&4i§*^ggS I ,,
"Permit me to express to you my appreciation ~*\^ggr;r~ S It , , ,
of the benefits that I have derived "from using (l »sL *V*r J^ fi>
Peruna in my family. . , ' j ' J^z^&s^ y ftk \,,
* "Being a man of limited means, I have had to .S s Jlst^? < ,
be careful not to spend any more money than waa Sg5j*3 ¦ >
necessary on doctor bills. Some two years a*o I §^sfi« >¦" 1 *'V. y^^^^^i ,
began using- Peruna in my family as a family «^§§lilA^t 9 /W3§=™^V'
doctor and I have been highly pleased with the « . gKgst||\^- *"^ / J§§i^N ,
• "My wife has used it for catarrh and expert- '' •' L /^"^S*^
enced great relief. My little glrlhaa been sick a — «"^ —^^c-1? »/ . N^ . . .>¦ A '
number of times, and when w'e.used your raedt- . Mr. "W. A. XJlxon.
cine It proved a success. I have used It myself ' Editor "Snrl* of MTrti«"»
several times and consider It a very valuable ,". t^ j - T T T T t t t . ¦ . . . ¦ ¦ i
medicine..;- - • -. , .. - , • " • * A.
"Speaking from personal observation, I consider it a good Investment to keep T
It In my home, and believe every man who desires to relieve- Buffering; and at the
same time save money, should investigate the real merits of your Peruna and
other medicines."— F. A. Dlxon. - .¦ ¦ . t
Dr. William Dankward of 3327 - North influenzia and have been cured can ap-
Clark street. Chicago. 111., writes as fol- J_pwli. predate howgrate-
lows: "I find that th e climate of Chicago a*^yQ^®t% • ful I feel that such
and vicinity is pe- js56#*\i\iWE*' J v a splendid medicine
VgSS^v cullarly favorable A Sttft^fefe* "t^ a<< Peruna has
/^n^rom. for con- iray~ ftS^TflV be ** n Placed at the
W^ ditions of the head Sr vir>*, door of every man
vf «WBUU» - and lungs. As • fl/k ¦¦¦' vJv^ and woman.
WmB» several of my pa- *9t WJ* "^ only wish that
» tlents told me of . «^ Rr$f all knerw of its fine
y *^* aaiWt ¦ .the' fine resufts ob- n L \ ' 55/ Qualities. In cases
/ ' '¦' tained from the ¦ O w .jt* ' J2^ ®* catarrh of the
w^A — - i^Jf^- iuse.,of Pernna in \j~\ *^> t ¦ 'Afr-^ stomach and head
,*¦»_ *~w cases of catarrh. I (rtsi\. I -have seen some
"w" • Y- • decided to pre- 1 f<^B^Sfe^SKvv\\ remarkable- cure3
A ¦ yTL scribe- It myself r?)m^^^^/^S\\ through Its uso
y anfl observe the vJ»^3f§^^Ni.V. and consider your
¦W&^i Jz&mn^ effects. 'i Peruna. the flne-t
O&9^^4(&zz523%> "• It is only Jus- V^f^ftgpTe?**?*^ rernwly .on th-s
s^^^ tice to you to say market" and worthy
*%fa%v£&Z%Z?^ .-that 1 " the. „• results M ceitmtt, CovM '" ot the ; conftdenca
. obtained were ; v Mr9 -. CeIest(S C0T^ 1 - , o f all rood peo-
<<^p 1^ r most , satisfactory, pie."— Urs. Celeate Covell. .-
*Dr. Wfli. Dankward. Peruna is certain- If you do not dertveprmftpt and satis- |
.> ¦ ly a splendid rein- factory results from the use of Peruna.
edy for catarrh. Influenza and la grippe. write at once- to Dr. Hartman. giving a
—William Dankward. M.D. ;?> . - : f U n statement of your case and he will '
'Mrs. Celeste * Covell, president of the be' pleased tp give yoUjfhJS ad»
Betsey Robs Educational and Senevdlent vice gratis, '{¦-?*'¦"'
Society, writes from 212 N avenue, Au- Address' Dr. Hartraan,- president o!
rora; 111.; as follows: - ¦ ¦< The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus
"Only those who have suffered- with Ohio. - >; - ' > J
ATE V Kr itTTfi kkikw '^g^ ¦To Develop Oil Lands.
PETALTJMA. Feb. 16.— Several million
dollars of capital' is represented by a com
pany formed here last night to go into the
oil business. Fifteen of the heavy. property
owners and' capitalists of Southern So
noma are interested In the company,
which will he Incorporated next week un
der the name of the PetalumaOil and
Development Company. ¦ The Company al
ready has bonded a number of properties
on which oil, has been discovered. Nego
tiations are now pending to obtain leases
on others near town which give promise
of richness. . - . .,
Library for Fresno.
FRESNO* Feb. " 16.— A telegram from C.
H. Rowell, editor of tho Fresno Republi
can at Washington, D. C, to-night, says
that Andrew Carnegie has offered to give
Fresno $30,000 for a public library on con
dition that a site be procured and a guar
antee of $3000 for its annual support given.
Undoubtedly these conditions will be Im
mediately fulfilled. . . •
sion Rates Fixed by the
Railways.
South Dakotans Profit by the Excur-
GERMAN SETTLERS FOR
SAU" JOAQTJTN COUNTY
L.ODI, Feb. 16.— Excursion rates made
by the Eastern railway lines are having
their effect here. Yesterday five families
arrived from South Dakota to look for
homes In this neighborhood. -The party
numbered twenty persons. ¦ Another party
numbering about a hundred has gone on
to Los Angeles. All are Germans, many
of whom speak but little English, and all
are possessed of money. They will be
driven through the surrounding country
in order that they may see Just what the
neighborhood of Lodi has to offer to
homeseekers.
• Already this, part of San Joaquln Coun
ty Is rapidly settling up with South Da
kotan Germans, many of whom are friends
and relatives. of the late arrivals. More
than a hundred have located here within
the last two years. They comprise what
Is known locallyas "the German colony.*.'
Each has his small farm, ranging from
nve acres upward, and a thriftier class
never settled here. Their holdings bloom
and bear continually and are a marvel
to the oldtlmer, who never thought of cul
tivating less than 160 acres, and that all
In grain. " v
Another company , of these Immigrants
is expected next week, and will probably
outnumber those who. arrived yesterday.
It Is reported that several hundred more
are preparing to come before the low ex
cursion rates expire. ¦
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
; SAN JOSE, Feb. 16.— Two rousing meet-
Ings of the prune growers were held here
to-day to consider the ¦ plan proposed by
the directors of the California Cured,
Fruit ' Association to borrow $200,000 f or
advertising and promoting tha sales of
prunes. They were unanimous 'for back
ing up the association and - maintaining
the prices fixed, but the management of
the association' was severely, criticized.
At the meeting this 'morning J. O.
Hayes presided. Three' hundred growers
were present. Out of this -. number but
live opposed granting the power asked for
by the directors. •¦ ¦ ¦ • .
Hale's Hall was crowded* this afternoon-
Several hundred growers ; were turned
away. J. H." Henry, who was elected
first vie© president! of the California
Cured Jnrult Association, but who after
ward resigned because he was not In ac
cord with the policy of President" Bond."
presided as chairman. E. A. Wilcox was
secretary. Representatives from all parts
of the county spoke. ¦ All were unanimous
for maintaining the association, but the
board of directors and President Bond
were criticized. . They were accused of
drawing fat salaries and doing nothing
to advance the- sal© of prunes. Advertis
ing and the opening of Eastern agencies
for selling fruit was regarded by most of
tho growers as their only salvation. Th»
following resolution was unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, The management of the California
Cured Fruit Association has asked that tha
by-lawa be changed so as to permit the ex
penditure of association funds for the purpose
of advertising; therefore be it - -
Resolved, That we favor the amendment
asked for.
The. action of the growers to-day will
have an important bearing on the official
meeting of. tho association called for Feb
ruary 21, when the proposed amendments
come up. There are 3800 members of the
association.^and it will require 2000 votes
to carry the advertising proposition.. Al
most the necessary' number reside in this
valley. Those Jiving outside the county
will have a chance to vote by mall.
Being Pursued by President
• Bond and tha Di
rectors.
FAVOR AN ADVERTISING FUND
'- N " • :[;. ¦•¦;¦..'¦ -.
Speakers Severely. Criticise the Policy
Meet at San Jose and Re
j .sotye to r Maintain \;
Prices.
PRUNE GROWERS
WILL STAND BY
ASSOCIATION
Speaker Pendleton Says It Depends
LEGISLATTTRE LIKELY
TO WORK OVERTIME
your honorable body of codifying such
subject and reporting a substitute bill
therefor." _ ¦ . i- . . ,
on Whether the Code Bill
Be Pressed.
. LOS ANGELES, Feb. 16.— Members of
the Legislative Committee on Commerce
and Navigation inspected the San Pedro
harbor to-day and this evening started on
their- return to Sacramento. Speaker C.
"W. Pendleton, who accompanied the com
mittee, . said to-day that he believed tho
Legislature would closes its. work within,
the sixty days* limit, uiftess the code com
mission bill were pressed. In that case
the session probably would be continued
ten" or fifteen days.-
< Other members of tha party are Savage
of San Pedro, Kelley of >Alameda. Merrltt
of -Ventura : Reeber of Sacramento, -and
Hourlgan, Brown. Collins and McLaugh-
Hn of San Francisco., . ,
POLICE CHTBP, STJIiLXVAN
TLL WITH PLPM.'Mnr.-n.TA
Assembly Scrgeant-at-Arma Hocking
a Summons.
Is Unable to Serve Him With
. Chief of Police Sullivan . is confined to
his . house with a severe attack of diph
theria.' He., complained last Thursday of
a sore throat, but thought It was noth
ing but a cold. Friday; morning he was
at : his office for a" short | time, but was
forced to go home. Dr, Gallwey was sum
moned and pronounced the Chiefs ailment
diphtheria and a severe case. .
' Sergeant-at-Arms Hocking of the State
Assembly called at the Hall of Justice
yesterday to serve the Chief wlth'a sum
mons to appear at the bar of the Assem
bly next Thursday, b.ut was, of course,
unable to do so. -He served a summons
upon Captain : Wlttman . and Detective
Wren to appear and show cause why they
should not be cited for contempt.
HOFES ¦ TO • KEEP ' TAX •
LEVY AT. ITJTnr. CENTS
Ways . and Means Committee Beady
. for Work on General Appropri-
ation BUI. .
1 1 SACRAMENTO. Feb. 16.-The Commit
tee on i Ways : and ; Means ; will ' commence
the work of preparing. tha general appro
priation bill on Monday.' : ; The bill will not
be • presented .: to :. tiie 'Assembly before
March 1. At this oar.lydate an estimate
of the tax levy is necessarily a matter
of hazard. * There are appropriation*,
enough asked for In bills in the hands of
the committee . a.nd .those | returned with
favorable , recommendation •: to make ' a
heavy levy;: but with the j disposition to
withhold financial ; aid from -the public
highways :(as Indicated by the action of
tho r Senate Finance Committee several
days ago) and , by a* policy » of : » retrench
ment in \ other directions ¦¦, it is hoped to
keep the 1 tax levy for the next two yeara
at or,--:ir 60 cents. -_ 5 , ' " -
, Benders verdict of Suicide."
MARYSVILLE. Feb. 16.-The . Coroner's
Jury." sitting at Dobbins,. this county ren
dered- a verdict ,to-dav of suicide ,in the
caso • of A.- J.- Reed, i who was found dead
in his cabm last' Thursday, with a bullet
hoi© through the head. , "
When 7 years of age Miss Zanker was
bequeathed a piece of property near Sara
toga. . She was an orphan,- and Shields,
who was administrator of her grand
mother's estate, was her guardian. The
•will provided that if if became necessary
to sell the property to pay debts of the
estate Miss Zanker was to> receive {2000
cash. The complaint . states that the
uncle conspired with his \ wife and
mother-in-law, Mrs. ¦ Caroline- Brewer, < to
defraud her of the property. ;It was rep
resented to the court that tbe expenses of
the estate made it; necessary .to sell the
SAN JOSE, Feb. 16.— Laura N. Zanker. a
young woman who has Just reached, her
majority, to-day filed a suit against her
uncle, James A. Shields, to recover posses
sion of several thousand dollars' worth of
property. , Bhe alleges -gross and per
sistent fraud on the part of the defendant
to gain possession of property left to her
by her grandmother, Mrs. Margaret
Shields. - -
Guardian James A. Shields to
Recover Her Property.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Laura N. Zanker Files Suit Against
ACCUSES HER TJN'CI.E
OF DETBATJimra HER
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 16.— The passenger
special on the skite-shaped track crashed
Into the rear end of a freight train at
East Highland this forenoon. No one
was seriously injured, but .the passenger
engine will have to go to tho repair shop
and the caboose and two refrigerator cars
were demolished. . The damage Is .esti
mated at $500. , ' •'• . „-
Special 103 -left Los Angeles at 8:30
o'clock this morning with about 100 pas
sengers. Freight train 115. which has
orders to sidetrack at East Highland to
permit the passenger train to pass wjm
late in reaching the switch, and at 10.10
the special, running at twenty miles an
hour, rounded the curve which hid -the
freight from view before the last three
cars had cleared the switch. y
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Postofflce Changes and' List of Pen-
sions Issued.
WASHINGTON. Feb." 16.— Postofflces to
be discontinued February 2S: Washing
ton—Copper, Garfleld County, send mail
to Pine; Haynle. Whatcom County, send
mall to ' Blalne; Mosher, Snohomlsh
County, send .mall to Edmonds; Steptoe.
Whitman County, send mail to Co fax.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Martin R. Urton. Banning; Lizzie Mc-
Gann, Richmond. • ¦ • ' _.
Oregon-Dick J. Wllcox.Lakeview.
Washington— Charles I* Cochran. Dixie.
Postmasters " appointed: " " Washington—
A. N. Peery. Fleet, ¦Washington County,
vice W. M. Paris, resigned. , _ . . ,
Pensions issued: I Callfornla-OrJginal-
AlbertP. Beebe, Watsonvllle, $12; John
W. Badger. Ban Jose", $8: John C. M.
Spencer, Los Angeles. *6; Robert Burke.
San Francisco. J6. , Addltionaa— Henry B.
Converse, San - Francisco) 16. ¦
Oregon — Original — Lambert Demkes,
Portland. $12.; . - ,, * "
Washington— Orlrlnal— Andrew
Ix»ck*-ood, JS.-^Additlonal— John T. Hawks.
Hunftville, J6. Increase-^Wllliam Plum
mer, Soldiers' Home. Orting, $12. -
Ex-Congressman de Vrles of California,
a member iof » the Board of General Ap
praisers atWew York,. was hereto-day on
his way to New Orleans and S^.n Fran
cisco, where he goes on official .business.
He consulted with the California delega
tion and ¦ other members of . Congress re
garding legislation affecting Paciac Coast
interests. '.-'¦- ¦ • " '¦ • . "
WORK TBADT DERAILED.
Three ' Southern Pacific Laborers In-
jured Near Suisun.
SUISUN, Feb. tl6.— By the breaking: of
the flange on a.carwheel three flatcars of
a work .train were overturned and three
workmen were Injured " at »¦ the station
about six 'miles south of Suisun shortly
after noon to-day. "It Is not believed that
any of the men were fatally injured. The
wrecked train obstructed traffic for sev
eral ; hours.- The overland' train, -rf-hich
passed here at 2:06 o'clock, went as far as
the wreck and then the passengers In the
day coaches were brought back* here and
sent on to San 'Francisco by way of'Val
lejo. .The three Injured men were . taken
to the/railroad hospital at San Francisco
by the same route. - .•
The maiden who admits that she cannot
sing: *the old tongs and attempts the new
is an argument In favor ot capital punlsh
meni.
Engineer Andrew Mitchell of tha special
first saw the freight. After reversing tha
lever he shouted to Fireman Thomas Col
lins to jump and followed just In time
to save himself as the engine plowed Into
the caboose. Collins sustained a sprained
ankle and several bruises about the head
and. face, but was not 'seriously Injured.
The train cam* to a stop within tnlrty
feet after striking the freight. .
While the passengers were somewhat
shaken up. none were seriously Injured.
Mr. and Airs. "Woods of Salt Lake wera
bruised and slightly cut by broken glass.
Conductor Cowan of the special tele
graphed for a wrecking train, which
cleared the track In two hours, and the
train proceeded to this city, arriving at
6:30. The freight was In charge of Con
ductor Dlxon. . ••: • '¦*
METNTO, Feb. 16.— The Committee on Fish
and Gamo left to-night on the 11 o'clock
north-bound train for Slsson, to visit and
inspect the State fish hatchery there. To
morrow will be spent In that Inspection,
and^he committee will return In time for
th« session of the Assembly Monday
morning.
GAGE VETOES ATTORNEY^
GENERAL FOBD'S BILL
State's I/eg-al Counselor Is Deprived
of an Extra Clerk for
' His Office.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 16.— Assemblymen are talk-
Ing of the Governor's veto of Assembly
bill 81, and the "horse" that is on Attorney
General Ford as a result. Tha bill was
drawn by the Attorney General, to auth
orize him to appoint an additional clerk
for his office, and the reason given for its
veto is that the Attorney General neg
lected to codifv it. . .
In the aggressiveness shown by Ford In.
his advocacy of the mining debris bill
there is a possible explanation of the veto.
Some of the legislators closest to Gov
ernor Gage opposed that measure and tho
men who fought hardest for it are not
high in his esteem. Ford's course did not
make him more popular with the adminis
tration, and some are saying that the Gov
ernor embraced the opportunity to humili
ate Ford by criticizing the form of his
bill. i
The wider significance of the veto Is,
that now the precedent is made, all meas
ures that are not -codified will • be ¦ vetoed,
unless, possibly, their Importance shall
cave. -them. The. Governor's message re
garding Assembly bill 81 concludes as fol
lows: ; •
"Without 'expressing any opinion upon
the advisability of increasing the present
number of clerks in the office of the Attor
ney General, I respectfully call your at
tention to the fact that the proposed act
is in the form of a. general law, but It re
lates to and should form- part of section.
475 of the Political Code of - the State,
which section provides for the number of
clerks in the office of the Attorney Gen
eral; and. therefore, according to sections
249 and 2aO of said Political Code, a duty
devolved upon tho Judiciary Committee of
property and- the Probate Court' of • this
county made the order. Shields' mother
in-law bought the property, for $1400 and
afterward transferred It to the defendant,
who now holds it • .-.."¦
'Miss Zanker asks to have .the deed set
aside on the ground' of fraud and wants
$4000 damages for its retention. As evi
dence of premeditated fraud on her
uncle's part, the plaintiff recites that a
year ago.the Superior Court of this county
set aside a lease to some land Shields had
obtained from her by fraud.
PAINTERS GO ON STEIKE.
SAN JOSE, Feb. • 16.— The San Jose
Painters" Union began a strike this morn-
Ing for a recognition - of : the union by
the master painters. Eighty-one of the
eighty-five members of the union are af
fected , and "they ;¦ all walked out-*W Last
evening It became known to the men. that
the employers had decided,' not to .recog
nize the union and the strike was at once
ordered. .-'. - . -. -.-¦•<. ..-•
The painters but "* recently organized.
They decided not to work with non-union
help ' and bo notified I the ' contractors. *; No
wage schedule has been adopted^and ¦ the
union has offered to arbitrate any differ
ences except 5 that of recognition -of ¦. the
union. AH painting ' that was going on
In the city Is now at a standstill. ,
Takes a Pleasant Outing 1 .
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
> x=^ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
(T MENTO, Feb. 16.— The eommit-
VV v tee ' 8 substitute for Schillig's coun-
ty division bill will come before
the Assembly some time next
week, and it probably will pass, foryall
kinds of county division schemes are be
hind it and none of the opponents oX
county division seem to be taking any
Interest in the measure.
The bill is the old kinder bill. Introduced
in tne Legislature come years ago by
Senator LJnder. It was remodeled. by the
committee for Its own use,. but the salient
points of the measure have been retained.
It Is introduced by the committee as a
general law In accordance with the pro
vision of the constitution which provides
that the Legislature may pass general
laws for the division of counties.
It is provided that when a certain sec
tion of any. county wishes to make of it
self a new county. It shall first appeal
to the Governor, who shall then appoint
a Superior Judge from an adjoining coun
ty to take testimony in regard to the
advisability of separation, and to adjust*
the proportion of the debts of the old
county which shall be charged to • the
new one In case separation be allowed.
Upon the showing of the Judge that the
separation is advisable, an election la
call** in the new county to be formed,
and if two-thirds of the Inhabitants of
the Intended county favor separation,
then the new county Is formed. There is
nothing in the bill which allows the par
ent county to have any say In the mat
ter of separation. Any section with 5000
population can make application to be
declared a new county, and if a favorable
report be obtained from the Judge and
the necessary number of votes be gath
ered in, the section can separate from Its
parent county and the parent county need
not be consulted.
The bill was reported as a substitute by
the Committee on Counties, but as a mat
ter of fact none of the members of the
committee except Assemblyman Brough
ton knows anything about the measure.
The chairman. Cromwell of Sonoma
knew nothing about the provisions of the
bill, and MUlce knew nothing even about
its presentation : as a committee substi
tute. •
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
DISASTER TO PASSENGER
TRAIN AT EAST HIGHLAND
Special on the Kite-Shaped Track Crashes
Into Freight Cars Without Loss of Life..
\ ' ¦ ' —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SATURDAY COGITATIONS OF THE STATE'S LAWMAKERS.
T.ATtT, EXPLAINS SALE
OF HIS CAB SYSTEM
Says He Has Disposed of His Entire
Interests With the Intention
j of Retiring.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 16.— Edwin T.
Earl, president of the Continental Fruit
Express and of the Earl Fruit Company
of this city, said to-day:
"I repeat I have not sold my Interests
In the Continental Fruit Express to the
Fruit Growers' Express or the Armour
Oar Lines, and I repeat that the Interests
of the Earl Fruit Company have not been
Fold to Porter Brothers.
"In view of what has been published, I
will say that I have entered into an agree
ment of sale with a Chicago man. where
by he buys the Continental Fruit Express
and the Earl Fruit Co. and my stock in
other companies. In other words, thi«
gentleman buys my carllne business ami
¦my fruit shipping business and succeeds
to my business as heretofore conducted.
There is no separation In the pale of the
ownership of the fruit business from the
carliiT* business. I can only say that un
der the agreement the buyer takes over
both the carline and the fruit shipping In
terests. I do not care to state the term*
of the agreement or my reasons for ro-1
tiring from active business."
The statement points directly to younjj
J. <>gden Armour as the buyer of the
Earl business interests.
DIZS IN AN ASYLUM.
Attorney William L. Gill Passes
Away at Agnewe.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 16.— William L. Gill, the
attorney, died this morning at Agnews '
Asylum, to which institution he was com
mitted a couple of weeks ago. Mr. Gill
was well known throughout the State and
for many years was a law partner of D.
M. Pelmas. Two years ago he became a
mental wreck through dissipation and was
pent to Agnews Asylum. He was released
afterward as cured, but two weeks ago
was recommitted. He was suffering from
paresis.
Gill was a native of New York and
f£ years of age. He came to San Jose
in li"7* and built up a good practice. He
]eav»>.s a divorced wife and two grown
For.8 In N>w York and a wife here. *
Ej*d*l rx*p*.tch to Tfc« Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 16.-James Fain,
me of th© men who were with Constable
Vlexander at the time Mrs. J. J. Burns
was shot and killed, has escaped, from
the officers at Tuma. Alexander, accom
panied by Fain and another man, went
to eject Mrs. Burns from a disputed tract
of land. The woman showed defiance,
end the Constable shot her dead.
Word was received here to-night that
Frank M. King, a prominent cattleman
and brother of the murdered woman, had
taken the trail of Fain with his brother.
Joe, and his father. The three men hold
Fain responsible, as well as Alexander,
for the death of Mrs. Burns. The Kings
have pone toward the Cocopah Indian set
tlement, hoping to find Fain there, as
his wife Is a Cocopah and It Is believed
that he made for the settlement, hoping
the Indians would protect him.
Fain will fight and the Kings are all
known in the Southwest aa dangerous
men when In pursuit of an enemy. Alex
ander was afraid to appear In the Jus
tice's Court and lace- the Kings, so he
waived examination and is secure behind
the walls of the Territorial penitentiary
at Tuma.
T:ree Arizona Cattlemm Start on a
Search for the Fugitive Who
Escaped From. Yuma
Prison*
SEK THE LIFE OP JAMES PAIN
Revives ol Murdered Mrs.
J. J. Burns Take
the Trail.
BORDER MEN
ON A MISSION
OF VENGEANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
Committee Substitute for Schillig's fleasure Likely
to ''Pass the Assembly.
COUNTY DIVISION MADE EASY
BY RESURRECTED LINDER BILL
15
ADVEETISEMENTS.
IN SOME CASES
A Single Package of the Pyramid
Pile Cure Is Sufficient to Cure..
. This' may seem a broad statement when
It i» remembered that few diseases are
so obstinate to, really cure as Spiles, some
physicians going so far as to say that a
painful surgical operation Is the only per-
manent cure; but the many and remarka-
ble cures made by the Pyramid Pile Cure
in the past few years have proven that
surgical .operations, are no. longer neces-
sary, and that it Is by far the safest and
most reliable remedy yet discovered for
this common and often dangerous trouble.
j The harmless acids and healing oils con-
tained in the Pyramid Pile Cure cause the
biood vessels to contract to a natural con-
dition and the little tumors are absorbed
am' the cUre Is made without pain. Incon-
venience or detention from business.
• Dr. Williams,- a prominent official sur-
geon, says: "It is .the duty of every sur-
geon to avoid an operation if possible to
cum in any* other way, and alter' many
trials. with .the Pyramid Pile;Cure. I un-
hesitatingly recommend it in preference to
an operation.'! . .....
Mr. Phil Owens of. South Omaha writes
that after- suffering ¦ two years from : an
aggravated' case of itching -and' protrud-
ing piles he was cured by a single, 60rcent
package ' of : the Pyramid Pile Cure pur-
chased I from ¦ a i local druggist. ¦-¦ He says:
"I "fully , expected . the trouble | would re-
turn, but/am happy to say: for -the past
year and a half; havo been,' entirely free
from the disease, and I cannot speak too
warmly in favor of the Pyramid Pile
Cure." •• . ¦-¦¦¦
'A bill clerk In one of.the large wholesale
houses of St. -Louis says: "My occupa-
tion as billing clerk was so confining and
sedentary that < It finally brought, on an
aggravated attack of rectal trouble, which
ray physician diagnosed as itching- and
protruding piles and recommended a salve
which he prepared and which- '• gave me
some relief : for, a * few I hours after using
arid. then the trouble would come back as
bad as .ever.- One of tho other clerks ad-
vlsed/me .to try- the' Pyramid Pile Cure
and I* now; feel i like ? thanking ; him every
day for ¦ recommending it; as a single 60-
cent package cured me and -I have had no
trace of ¦ piles since, something over six
months.'',* ¦ :- ! ¦ '¦¦.- • "» - '.-'" ¦; --" ¦•---¦ - ; "
Hundreds of pile sufferers,' who had al-
most -decided to - undergo • the pain • and
danger of an' operation. . have been ' aston-
ished to find, that tho Pyramid Pile Cure
which can be purchased at any drup store
was far safer, better, and more effective
than an operation could possibly be.
Of health has no uniformed guardians
of its j>eace. If it had there would be
errests innumerable in every restaurant
every day of the jear. Both in the
quantity and quality of the food they
•at and in the manner of its consump-
tion men and
fg women— sin
/'~~ > \ Iq each day
Qg»*WB»gjj*ijy«g3il not escape h<;r pun-
wSf Ef32f22jl ishments, and dys-
pepsia or stomach
1^S&5S»>3 "trouble" is the inva-
Ng9Kg*jrj» riable penalty of care-
agJsnlPli "There is no other
££jp£SirvjlF* medicine for diseases
fla|g£^I*lfs9 of stomach and
M&g£^iK*££r allied organs of di-
lraT*^^8 gestion and nutrition
f3 / B9| which can compare
llKf E£f Golden Medical Dis-
>£« &t corny* It cures
*>^ ly and permanently,
\£ and enables the build-
ing up of the whole'
body into rigorous health.
"I took two bottle* of Dr. Pleree'« Golden
Mecical Piscwci y for stomach trouble." writes
Clarence Carries. Esq., of T •plorstown, Loudoun
Co.. Va. "It did me to ran >\ food that I didn't
tak- any more I an «at \\>»t anything now.
I am »o well pleased with i V hardly know how
to thank you for roor kind Information. I
tried ¦ whole lot of things before I wrote to
von. There wsi a gectlrmtn told me about
your taedidne. how it had cured his wife. I
thought I would try a bottle of it. I am glad I
<iid. for I don't know what I would have done
if it had not been for £>r. Pierce'* Golden Med-
ial Discovery."
Dr. Picrce's Pleasant Pelleti cure coa-
etipation.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT HESTOKATiVE, INVIGORA-
1 tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor tbe &exual Organs, for both sexes.
Tbe Mexican Remedy tor Disease* of the Kid-
beys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
KABER. ALF8 it BRUNE. Agents.
£3 Market «t«. 8. F.— <£end for Circulars.)
a CNtcMcmcR's crcausH
B«—(y?W _ Orijrt ¦»' >•<) Only fie* nlcs.
t*-S^KS\ In UEO ui Cld B,u:iie tout. •»!•<
j?1 *> V$ Pucwtu tefcctTtatUHM an d Imlt*.
I / f fZT. £"¦'• *¦' !f y*" r leftist «•»« 4«.la
I S, B r 2ST»*S •'•tlesiUrs, T«stlsas«tal*
itatt-wtUip.p.fc JUtUm fiqiun, FKILA, 1*2
Pain or dull ache In the back is unmis-
takable evidence of kidney, trouble. It is
nature's timely warning to show you that
the track of health is not clear.
If these danger signals are unheeded
more serious results are sure to" follow.
Brlghfs disease, which is the worst form
of kidney trouble, may steal upon you.
The mild and the extraordinary effect of
the world-famous, kidney » and bladder
remedy, Swamp-Root, is soon realised. It
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. A trial will
convince any one— and you may have a
sample bottle for the asking. •
Lame back is only one symptom of kid-
ney trouble— one of many. Other symp-
toms showing that you need Swamp-
Root are,' obliged to pass water often dur-
ing the day and to get up many times at
night, inability to hold your urine, smart-
ing or irritation in passing, brickdust or
sediment In the urine, catarrh of the blad-
der, uric acid,, constant headache, dix-
ziness, sleeplessness, nervousness, irregu-
lar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating,
irritability, wornout feeling, lack of am-
bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
If YQur water when' allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours forms a sediment { or set-
tling, or has a cloudy appearance, it is
evidence that your kidneys and bladdei
need immediate attention.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford nat-
ural help ta rature, for Swamp-Root la
the most perfect healer and gentle aid to
the kidneys that la known to medical
science.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery ot
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
der specialist. Hospitals use it with won-
derful success in both slight and severe
cases. Doctors recommend It to their pa-
tients and use :t In their own families;, be-
cause they recognize in Swamp-Root tha
greatest and most successful remedy.
If you have the slightest symptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or If there is a
trace of It in your family history, send at
once "to Dr. Kilmer &. Co., Blnghamton.
N. Y., who will gladly send you free by
mall, immediately, without cost to you, a
eample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
of wonderful Swamp-Root testimonials.
Be sure to say that you read this gener-
j ous offer In the San Francisco Sunday Call.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 size
bottles at drugstores. Don't make any
mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-
Hoot. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the
address, Blnghamton, X. T.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney and
Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Do You Have Rheumatism? Have You
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
DR. ' KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET DP
WITH A LAME BACK?
.V' "Dependable Drag*
Better;,
than ever
The Owl Drug Company
is bigger and better in. every way
than it was this time last year. And
the bigness and bettemess are a test
of progress. We challenge cur
own record always — there ' is no
' comparison.
Ayres' Cherry Pectoral 40c
Cuticura Soap 15c
Peruna \ 85c
; Syrup of figs 35c
'King s Consumption Cure 40c
Carter's Llthla Tablets > 25c
Sozodont 20c
Apenta Water . 20c
Piso Cough Cure . " 20c -
' Hood!s Sarsajferilla • . 75c
Castoria 25c*
Kirk's Irish Moss 25c
• Free delivery to railroad points within -
•¦ loo miles on all orders of $5 or up.
/ 112ft Marhet Street
- - . - Jan Francisco
lOth oeJ Broadway Oakttuut
¦ * " - .j
ADVERTISEMENTS.DARK CLOUDS GATHER
FOB REPORTER HAMILTON
Evidence for. th« Defense in the Day
Murder Trial Assailed by the
Prosecution.
MINNEAPOLIS, Feb. 16.-Owing' to the
funeral of Judge Robert D. > Russell to
day the Day-Hamilton murder trial did
not begin until this afternoon. The de
fense having rested; the State began to
introduce evidence of rebuttal. This will
be in _the form of expert testimony from
D rs. a Western and • c. A. Dunsmore
tending to overthrow the deductions of
Dr. Erdmann that the fatal blow was de
livered from behind the victim "
« . Dr ' ? e .'i ry Nclson made the sensa
tion of . the afternoon when recalled bv
testifying that A. M. Barbe, ths^tLV wi£
ness for the- 1 defense, .was intoxicated at
the West Hotel on the. night of the mur
der. . . ¦ ,., ' ....;• -¦ .;_ % --j;*;i
Another blow I to the defense was Riven
by Nelson when he declared that Dr Mur
ray, who had claimed -to have kept close
to Hamilton during all the time he was
with Officer. Rooney at the West Hotel
so as to prevent a "headquarters : confes
sion, left Hamilton's side for ten minutes
at one time. -•¦.•."*..¦
Former Detectives Lawrence ? and Re
vere also testified that Dr. Murray had
left Hamilton for five minute*. - ~*
The State rested, y. The case Is expected
to go to th,p Jury some time Monday,
Cents and nickels are now being used
to a much greater extent than ever be
fore. . • . <yt
Guying Laureate Austin,
Life Is made up of crying, sighing, !yl-j
and dying.— The Chicago Xews.
Most poets would have added "buying."
And if Alfred Austin had written this
rhyme he would have thought of "gray
ing" without any mental effort.— New
York Press.
SAYS MEXICO WILL SOON
"ADOPT THE GOLD STANDARD
Address of Enrique Creel of Banco
Central Mexicano Before Chi-
cag'o Bankers' Club*
CHICAGO, Feb. 16.— George E. Roberts,
Director of the Mint, was the guest at
the meeting of the Bankers' Club at the
Chicago Athletic Club this evening and
delivered an address that was greeted
with many manifestations of applause
F.nd approval by those present. Enrique
Creel, president of the Banco Central
Mexlcano, was also a guest of the club,
vnd spoke briefly, saying that In his opin
ion the time was not far distant when
Mexico would adopt the gold standard.
Speeches were also made by a number
of local financiers.
Trying to Get Mantell's Child.
Eight-Hour Bill Defeated.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb.. 16.-^-Robert
Ma nt •¦11. the actor, to-day was required
to furnish $600 ball for his appearance in
court on a writ of habeas corpus insti
tuted by Miss Behrens, his slster-ln-law.
Miss Behrens has been endeavoring to
secure possession of Ethel Robinson, the
tlve-year-old child of Mantell's former
wife, the late Charlotte Behrens. Mr.
Mantell was summoned to appear in
court to-day, but he failed to respond. A
bench warrant was issued and served on
the actor at the theater during the mati
nee.
. SALEM. Or., Feb. 16.— The House to-day
defeated the bill to make eight hours a
day's work on public works.
lean people. It has given us a great
leader in every time of great emergency.
It gave us a Jefferson, a Washington, an
Alexander Hamilton, a John Marshall, an
Abraham Lincoln, a Ulysses S. Grant, and
when It became necessary to make the
protective tariff of the United States a
settled thing forever, to place upon an
eternal basis the financial credit of our
monetary system and to meet the war
like epoch of the close of the nineteenth
century In a masterly way, it gave us the
great man who is now our President-
William McKinley of Ohio.
c^^the'wholfaffair" 161 " 61 ? 18 and depre "
thV*™ 61^ Lo i w> w - lth a detachment of
the First Cavalry. • recently overtook 200
&$ en »I? ear Batan sas. After a stub
m^unfains cnem y w ' a s driven into the
Lieutenant Mapes of the Thirty-second
Regiment has captured five rebel officers
twenty men and eighteen guns nine miles
from Manila.
r,f M th\> B n r fn1! ey< f ° rmerly tbe legal adviser
of the Military Governor, died of tvphoid
f eV ?iT t S",£ ay - , Si? body will be shipped
to the Elks of Chicago. .
FIGHT TO SECURE
CARTER'S RELEASE
UncU of the Captain Will
Make an Appeal'; to
Justice Brewer.
LEAVEN WORTH. Kans.. Feb. 16.— T
D. Carter, uncle of Oberlln M. Carter,
has started Cor Washington to continue
the flght to secure. the release of^he ex
captain from the Federal prison hereJ He
will appeal from the decision of Judge
Hook, made yesterday, not to release Car
ter on bond, appearing before Justice Da
vid L. Brewer of the United States Su
preme Court, who 13 assigned to this dis
trict. One of Carter's attorneys said to
day that In case Justice Brewer refuses to
be made to advance the pending appeal In
made to advance the pending appeal in
the Supreme Court In the habeas corpus
case so as to have it come up next AorU
.u lf i he , Supreme Court finally sustains
the decision in the habeas corpus case
which was rendered by Judge Thayer and
Judge. Hook several months ago and re
fuses to release Carter the next move
will be to ask for a Congressional investi
gation of the whole case. Including the
Government work at Savannah, the court
martial and all the subsequent proceed
_The attorney hinted that Congressman
Grosvenor, who acted as one of Carter'3
attorneys in the habeas corpus proceed
ings here, would ask for the Investigation
Carter . was greaUy dejected yesterday
when Judge Hook denied his motion for
release on bond. He controlled his emo
tions in the courtroom, but It is said shed
tears when he-was returned to prison -
PORTO RICANS ARE ANXIOUS
TO FIGHT THE FILIPINOS
Hundreds of the Natives of Southern Island Ready
to Battle With the Insurrectionists.
The republicalion of the letter here has
caused a sensation, but the manager of
the bank and other Influential Englishmen
MANILA Fob. 16.— The cashier of "the
Hongkong Bank. at Manila, A. Ross, late
ly wrote a letter which was published
in the South Australian Register accus
ing the United States Philippines Commis
sioners of being shor£-8ighted. ignorant
and Incapable, saying their authority here
Is much detested, and asserting that a
crisis exists and that the banks and Brit
ish merchants maintain a hostile attitude
toward the Government. Ross also said
the English Club here considered General
MacArthur, Judge Taft and Rear Admiral
Bemey unfit persons for English gentle
men to meet socially.
The officers of the Quartermaster's De
partment have prepared a schedule for
transportation to San Francisco of the
volunteer troops in the ' Philippines. It
shows that all, tbe troops can be brought
home in time for discharge by tbe 30th
of June next, which is the da,te fixed by
law for the disbandment of the volunteer
army. AU the vessels of the Pacific trans
portation fleet will be used and will be
run between San Francisco and Manila
on a close and regular schedule. Count-
Ing the volunteers already landed or on
their way across the Pacific. ' it is esti
mated that there are nearly 20.000 still to
be brought to the United States before
the first of July.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— Porto Ri
can soldiers want to go to the Philippines
to help put down the insurrection in those
islands. This fact was brought out to-day
in the -debate in the House. Steele of In
diana said a battalion of native Porto Rl
cans which was coming to Washington to
participate in the inaugural parade 'was
the equal in physique and army tactics of
any American soldiers, and its members
were anxious for duty in the Philippines
or anywhere else. The matter came up
through the vigorous protest made by La
cey of Iowa, who, said it was inhuman
and cruel to compel the attendance of
Porto Rican soldiers at the inauguration
of President McKinley, as they Were un
accustomed to our usually severe March
weather. Major Steele said he had let
ters from Porto Rico saying that hun
dreds of natives were anxious to fight
against the Filipinos.
Senator Jones of Nevada, sent a letter
He had been assigned to the toast. "Sha^
the Republic Do Its Own Work?"
HOT SPRINGS/ Ark., . Feb. 16.— Dan
Stuart said to-night he ' would 'give $10,000
for a finish fight " between* Jeffries and
Ruhlin.- • f .
"If Brady is ,to decide who is champion
of the heavyweight class; he should- be
willing to accept .this purse for the go.
If he is merely sparring for some. place
to pull off a limited round bout between
the two men for what Is in it, I will have
no proposition to make to him. I will
guarantee fighting ground and a, $10,000
purse. That is the best I can do." ¦
-COLUMBUS, O., Feb. 16.— Governor
Nash was asked for an expression in re
gard to the prize fight between Jack Bon
ner and Bill Mohahan at Youngstown.
He said that he had first noticed the af
fair in the newspapers this morning, hav
ing been so busy with the Cincinnati af
fair that he had not had time to give at
tention to the smaller pugilistic events.
He stated that he considered the Youngs
town contest of a character which he
did not propose to permit if he could help
it: He had ho doubt that when he took
the matter up with the Mayors of the
different cities that' an understanding
would be reached and co-operation be ar
ranged whereby all such contests would
be* suppressed.
It is the Governor's intention, as soon
as he can find the time available, to pre
pare a circular letter to the Mayors and
probably to the Sheriffs,> calling their at
tention to the decision of, the courts at
Cincinnati and asking that they assist
him in preventing in the future the hold
ing of prize fights at any point in the
State of Ohio. It is probable that the
letter will be prepared and forwarded
some time next week. .
CINCINNATI. Feb. 16.— The only visitor
connected directly or Indirectly with the
JefCries-Ruhlin contest which did not take
plao^ at Saengerfest Hall last night that
remains in the city to-day is Ed Cook,
representing Manager Brady, who re
mains here with the Jeffries show next
week. The old training quarters are com
pletely deserted and all have gone— Brady
to New York. Jeffries and Delaney to Co
lumbus. Madden) Ruhlin and Martin to
Marietta, and others in various directions.
The business affairs of all the interested
parties were closed up In the final set
tlements yesterday and nothing •remains
except the refunding of money for tickets
next Tuesday. It Is understood that the
wrecking company that* recently paid $5200
for the Saengerfest Hall will soon remove
the structure. The benefit, performance
that is to be given next Friday night for
the relief of the Saongerfest Athletic Club
will be at Music Hall, and that is expected
to be the last public movement in the
affairs of the organization.
FEESNO BIDS FOE FIGHT.
Liberal Offers Sent to Managers of
Jeffries and Ruhlin.
FRESNO, Feb. 16.— Fresno, through
Jack Prince, the Velodrome manager, has
put in an offer, for the Jeffrles-Ruhlln
flght. Prince telegraphed 'last night an
offer of 60 per cent gross and a guar
antee of $5000 to bring off the flght here
within ten days. "' Prince has been asso
.clated with Brady and Madden in sport
ing ventures and he believes his offer will
receive consideration. If a successful re
ply comr* he will at once .enlarge his
300 by 200 velodrome to accommodate 15.
000 spectators. Prince has unquestionably
good financial backing.
Governor Nash Says He WiU Ask
Co-opefation of Mayors to
Prevent Further Fights
in. Ohio.
Stuart Anxious to Arrange
a Bout Eetween Jeffries -
and Ruhlin.
OFFERS PURSE
FOR A FINAL GO
NEW TORK, Feb. 16.— The annual din
ner of the American Protective League
was .served .at the Waldorf-Astoria to
ritght. The toasts arid speakers were as
follows: i~ •'-'¦%;
"The President.". J.'M. Thurston ; , '.'The
Tariff Reformer." S..\V. McCall; "Protec
tion in the West." C. I. Long; !'Our
Souvenir," H. L. Taylor; "The Issue in
My District," J. ; A. Tawney; VThe Empire
State." T. "Woodruff; "The league and
the Party," Perry S. Hearth; "A-Demo
crat Who Flopped," J. C. Sibley.
.President * McKinley's 'portrait, a life
size painting, adorned with fiaesand the
national ¦ coat of arms, was back of the
speakers'':' table. Charles . A. Moore
president of the league, read a letter from
President McKhiley expressing > regret at
not being able to attend. ¦ Mr. Moore pro^
posed a toast to the President and It was
drunk standing. - : :
Senator Thurston spoke to tote toast
and his address was an eloquent vindica
tion of : the' nation's chief ¦ magistrate on
expansion and the protective tariff. ¦-••• - - -.
, He said In part: "Destiny, . Ffbvidence,
©mnlDoten.c© have been ktn<i to t.h© Ajner-
Annual Dinner of American
Protective League at
New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Feb. 1G.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation Is no longer laughed at in Kan
sas. The Jokes of the first few days or
her crusade have died on the lips of tna
Jokers, and now uneasiness and alarm
possess these men. Mrs. Nation's worlc
Is spreading rapidly. j; '
A druggist spills his stock of H°. uo « ln *°
the gutter in front of his store to delight
and encourage several hundred of the
prohibitionists. A saloon-keeper ac
knowledges his conversion and closes ms
place. In another part of the State liquor
sellers, warned by the angry public, pacK
their belongings and leave the town, ine
events of three weeks in the State are sig-
Mrs. E. B. Hoffman of Enterprise,
whose son is Mayor of the town. Invited
a visit. The two women stoned ; three
saloons in Enterprise and destroyed
everything in them that was of value. In
Anthony twelve women went out win
stones in their aprons and ha tel^tsln
their hands. They demolished four'
saloons, wrecking $2000 worth of propertj.
Husbands went alongv to protect them.
Three schoolgirls, daughters of raiders
accompanied them and helped in the work
of destruction. -
A Law Enforcement League for Reno
County was 'organized at Hutchinson to
enforce prohibition laws. A committee ol
"leading ladles" of the town visited the
saloon-keepers and told them if they 1 did
not close their property would be de
stroyed. . ' '
From all over the State come reports of
saloon mobbing by women., Topeka Is
"dry." No drink can be had unless at the
drugstores and druggists use greater pre
caution than ever before in selling liquor.
The Attorney General of the State has
been made to understand by force of
sentiment, and his conduct since Mrs. Na
tion came to Topeka has been in accord
with that sentiment. The Chief of Police
of Topeka and the Sheriff of Shawnee
County have become very industrious in
suppressing the liquor traffic. They have
given saloon-keepers a certain time in
which to move their Illegal property from
the city. The District Judge has issued
ten injunctions restraining saloon men
from selling liquor and property-owners
from renting their buildings to them. In
the Legislature the effect of this ".Na
tionism" is seen. This week the Senate
advanced the prohibition bills of Hurrell
of Jackson to the first place on the calen
dar. The Senate passed the most im
portant of these bills at a special meeting
—one of which, if it becomes a law, will
make the prohibition laws in Kansas
much more stringent. <
¦ There was a free for all fight at Beloit
this afternoon resulting from the feeling
over the closing of the Joints. The tem
perance men and women insist upon
making an inspection of the • places to
see if the orders regarding closing have
been obeyed. The Mayor allowed three
or four to enter a place at a time and
sent an officer to see that no dam
age was done; The Investigating com
mittee was by d large ¦ crowd.
Soon an alarm of fire was sounded and a
hose ~ cart dashed up and . commenced
throwing water on the crowd. Some men
attempted to cut the hose, but were pre
vented by a display of revolvers. After
some nersons had been more or less hurt,
a few arresta were made and quiet re
stored. V
Chief of Police Stahl to-day filed charges I
with the City Council ; against Police
Judge Magaw and asked for his removal
from office. The - Chief charges the
Police- Judge with collusion wltji the jolnt
ists and conspiring to prevent harmony in
the police force.
WICHITA. Kans., Feb. 16.— A dispatch
from Wellington to-night says that all the
jointists in, that city obeyed the demand
made upon them by the temperance mass
meeting early in the week by quitting
business at 6 o'clock this evening. The
town Js absolutely quiet to-day.
Sheriff Simons of this county searched
Wichita to-day for Mrs. Nation, "having
heard that she was here, with a warrant
charging her with inciting a riot during
her previous visit. Up to . 11 o'clock he
was unable to find her. 1 It was reported
that sho arrived here this morning and
that she was sequestered by her friends
to avoid being arrested.
VALENTINE, Neb., Feb 16.— A band of
women belonging . to the W. C. T. U.
visited the saloons to-day and warned the t
proprietors against maintaining gambling
devices. As local license is in force they
will • rot disturb liquor . selling. Out
hatchets will be used if gambling con
tinues.
LAN HAM, Neb., Feb. 16.— Money has
been raised here to 'clear out the .joint
keeDers of Lanham. » The town is pe
culiarly situated, the main street being
the line -between Kansas, and Nebraska.
Although a town of only 200 inhabitants
it has for years given officers of both
States no end of trouble, offenders from
one State moving to the other at will and
thus evading the officers. *
KANSAS CITY. Kans., Feb. 16.— Before
daylight this morning seventy-five men.
led by the ministers of this city, went
across the Kansas River to a plac*»
known as ''Last Chance," a joint, and
wrecked it. The bartender, who was
found asleep, was seized hy two men and
forced to the corner of the building,
where at the point of a revolver he was
compelled to witness the destruction of
liquor and fixtures. The mob went to
work with axes, hatchets and clubs,
within a few minutes every piece of fur
niture In the place was destroyed and all
the liquor turned out. The mob did Its
work quietly, and on finishing I left for
home in an orderly manner.
• The joints In this city have all been
closed for several days. The "Last
Chance" la Just . outside the city limits.
The temperance people have threatened
two drug stores unless they quit selling
liquor, and a mass meeting has been
called for to-morrow to tako decisive ac
tion. ,
TKURSTOH LAUDS
THE PRESIDENT
Raids Continue in All Sections of the
State and Liquor-Sellers
Quit Business and
Work Is Spreading Rapidly
.and Joint Keepers Are^ 1
Thoroughly Alarmed.
CARRIE NATION
NO LONGER A JOKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
16
or pipe smoke and makes It impossible to chew
tobacco. - One good feature about this new
remedy la tbe fact that It is i tasteless so that
ladles mix It In food, tea or coffee, milk or
chocolate, and cure their hfisbanos, eons cr
brothers without their knowing Low It hap-
pened. *
Any man who desires to quit uzin? tobacco
may now do eo In a very pleasai.t but xfcor-
oug-hly effective manner without *ny suffering
or nervous tension. Tbe remedy is perfectly
harmless, and any one may have a free trial
package by se/rdln£ name and address to the
Rosen Druir and Chemical Co., ITin Truth mxtA
Itace sto., Cincinnati, Ohio. . . ....
.-.- — :— ¦•• .-.¦::.._^-.. »-:_ - ;.
A NEW DEPARTURE
Cure for Catarrh.
A New, Effectual and Convenient
Of catarrh remedies there is no end, but
of catarrh cures then} has always been a
great scarcity. There are many remedies
to relieve, but very few that. really cure.
The old practice of snufling salt water
through the^noRe- would- often relieve and
the washes, douches, powders and in-
halers in common use are very little, if
any, better than tho old fashioned salt
water douche. ¦> ; "
The use of inhalers and the application
of sajves. washes and powders to the noso
and throat to cure catarrh is . no mora
reasonable than to rub the back to cure
kidney disease. Catarrh. Is'Just as much
a blood disease as kidney trouble or rheu-
matism, and it cannot be cured by local
treatment any more than they can be.
To cure catarrh, whether in the head
throat or stomach, an Internal antiseptic
treatment Is necessary to drive the ca-
tarrhal poison out jf the blood and sys-
tem, and the new catarrh cure is designed
on this plan and tbc remarkable success
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is because
being used Internally It drives outca-
tarrhal ' Infection 'tlirough action upon
stomach, liver and bowels.
Wm. Zimmerman of St. Joseph relates
an experience with catarrh which Is of
value to : millions ,of catarrh sufferers
everywhere. ¦ He -says. ¦ "I- neglected a
slight nasal catarrh until It gradually ex-
tended to my throat and bronchia] tubes
and finally ,even mv stomach and Uver
became 8 affected, l but • as * I was able to
keep up and do a dny's work I let It -un
along until my hearing began to fail me
and -then I ; realized that I must get rid
of catarrh 'or 'lose my position, as I was
clerk and my hearing 'was absolute! v
; "Some -of my friends recommended an
Inhaler, another -a catarrh salve," but they
were no good in my case, nor was any.
thing' else until I heard of Stuart's Ca
tarrh I Tablets • and bought a . package at
my drugstore. ¦ They benefited me from
the start and. in, less than four months I
was completely cured of catarrh, although
I had suffered nearly all my life from It.
I "Ihey are pleasant to take and so much
more convenient to use than other catarrh
remedies. that Ifeel I cannot say enoueS
ln JVi?f- °J Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.'* f
/ A little book on cause and cure : of ca-
ADVEBTISEMENT&
The Remarkable Experience of firs. Anna Johnson,
1432 San Pedro St., Los Angeles, Cal.
Doctors said the knife was the only remedy— Ordered to
the hospital to have one of her kidneys removed — Friends
become interested and refused to allow her to go — Mrs.
Johnson and her daughter recommended McBurney's Kid/
ney and Bladder Cure, and today Mrs. Johnson walks the
streets of Los Angeles a living, enthusiastic witness as to the
success of McBurney s Kidney and Bladder Cure.
The most remaritable cure in the history of medicine. — ¦ ' I
Doctors and patients Interested Invited to call on Mri /^V
Johnson and hear hei story. Investigate this curt . / A
course consented the doctors mad 9 •rraMS^T to ?ake /OUWt^A
»« »niiies, anothcrCose was administered, the patiens \ AND "?/
gC^^ V l*f her Improvement, and «o on XIoBuin«7'» Kld-
flS^K^P' _^*fc i»4 ney and Blaiisr Cure rolled Mrs Johnson from
/^^/"V^r £& i^S7 the d«ath b«l ot slcUness. »ad today, dear re»4-
A«l'^^ i^VWe «• •»• able to appear oa tho streets ot Los
R$P£*% I V'VT: Aufreles. a different woman-dne to what? >.ol
B^ft^kA /Xsrt»J s. to taa doctors, bat to tfca: nand, neTer- tilling
VjB^^J ' r^fv / —^ remedy. McBuraey's Kidney and Bladder Cure.
PAINS IN THE BACK.
<^^5^^* jfl. v\^ i \ J^—"-^. D* yon snffer wltu pain In the baok and bl&d-
j/s&<Z?ea& '' J WJ^*vv5Gy a « * Do Jot* 1 " * e «* * n(1 le * 9 s*ell? Do you sleep
/V$^S^PWv W3WV^5§^ wed? Do you have a constant desire to urinate
/S^8^a^aKMi|lM»ag- i ? w^p^g > • and » tired feeling, and your heart Cutter? Do
"f^^—j^vatisSSEi^ . yonbave scalding? Do you hare abundanoo of
s& * .^TTTT ,i^~ t •* v r T"'* "aflp^ water, or a scanty flow of dark colored w»t«r»
?5S&, • <«-*•'{{ f¥>/\l .'rafe Do yon have bricWust deposits? It you have
V^*&V^ ..V * •3W* I J r* • % J&C% «&o »dovo symptom* take ten drops of McBur-
¦i^^^SL '*'•¦ „ J A *>**. .'^5YvS» ney's. One tottle cures.
* ,&&K£3r.* ¦¦¦ KnenmallSni. BlaUder Curs U enans-
>S?^> r^ »¦*• t«ed to be absolutely harmless and » strong
' r=- ¦ tanlo la building up :ne weak and aebiutateo.
' JSXS. ANNA JOHNSOV I* cores acute or muscular rheumatic In trom
• 1432 San Pedro St one to flro days. Shurp. shootln* pains, to any
T?S.iASItf?u2?iSJf dl W^ $in ' « la «ca, luSba»o7orpalnta the back are spee-tilv cured.
SitSJlSfSSa^iS. * f frOm on8 * «wod.se»; and almost Invariably cures before- cne
For -Sal* at Smiti't Phanaaey, SB. cor. Fifth and Folsom ita., and at all Drngstoxes.
Call at Cffi;e, Hi Ellis .ft., or writa for FREE SAMPLE. Dr. A. K. Fox, Agmt
W. P. McBiipn^v 418 s - Spri °2 si; l. a.
g ;r * 5^ *-*** lull's^f 9 SOLD BY DRUGGISTS, t
McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Gurc
Express prepaid. 11.5a L}t« Regulator aad Blood Pnrlfler. I1.S3. LWer Tablets, 9a
Stnd 35c to 2a stamps tot t are days' treatment and get relief In 20 minutes. i ¦
SNATCHED
FROM THE GRAVE.
fBBSEGB OF AHATOHY
\ Cr Tbe LAnrest Anftteoiteal Museum Us tbe
M .-*;_Jt_ M _ V/ortd. WeiMtr« at *iy contracted
V P&Z > 5 S5 <i««e P«*«" ••"«*«:«•¦•« by the ©West
G 1 fgigl bpccialuscbtfccCostt. Ejl 3C rtaii
§ fifg*& BJU'Q32AN~?Rrf&TE DISEASES
\ f Ch9|B Corsiltatioo fr-» sod strictly pnr.tt
a I jS^tBt " r ** nu * personally or by letter. A'
TS If c? If <Vr*tn event case u&dert&kea.
AmB l& Write for Bock. PKU,OSOPaV«r
V 1 « T MaBIUGB, MAILED FREB. { A
X A \V" valaible boot for isrrj
" DS JODDA9 A «"•.. 1051 Market St.. 8. P.
V18JT OR
JORDAN'S smcat
Strictly Reliable
4^»s- SPECIALISTS.
JJlobaoba dill! Wodlioo 1)1 lull
We treat absolutely nothing but genlto-urinary diseases of the male,
such -as Kidney and Bladder Diseases. Wasting Drains, Loss of Vital- Force.
Nervous and Chronic Diseases. Piles, Fistula, Rupture, Hydrocele. Varlco-
cele and all contracted diseases.
The man who devotes his whole time to ONE THING becomes an EX-
PERT in time. The physician who follows a particular SPECIALTY can do
better for his patients than the one who is trying to cover the whole field of
medicine and surgery. The time has come when the DOCTOR, in order to
compete in his profession, must confine himself to limited field.
We have jriven 20 years to the treatment of disorders peculiar to men. and
are prepared to prove that this specialty is second to none In Importance. It
there la one subject in the world which requires study, experience and skill,
this one certainly does. Healthy generative organ3 are as necessary a3 a
healthy heart, lung or brain. Unhealthy generative organs are the direct
cause of more disturbance of the affairs of this life than any other thing
that exists. This is a fact, and is too tree. Thousands of men are afflicted,
with sexual disorder which could be promptly cured. They do not under-
stand that one of the most important nerve centers In the human body pre-
sides over the generative- organs, and that excesses, early abuses, con-
tracted disorders, varicocele and kindred troubles are continually disturbing
this nerve* center, producing Ios3 of vital force, prematureness, disordered
function, chronic inflamed prostate gland, general loss of energy and Interest.
both In business and society. This Is not a subject to be passed over lightly.
IT IS IMPORTANT BEYOND DESCRIPTION. ..
The great secret in our treatment Is, first. In making a correct diagnosis;
and, second, skill In selecting the proper remedy, regulating the dose, habits,
diet, sleep, exercise, etc.— in fact, doing the right thing at the right time
explains the whole secret of our success, and also the reason why we cure
our cases after they have been through the hands of those who do not under-
stand this special line of disease.
To reason further, a very large majority of patients who apply for treat-
ment' hav« been led by Ignorant doctors to believe that they have a weak-
ness, whlchon examination proves to be an Inflammation of the prostate, and
have been treated with tonics, stimulants, electricity, etc., all of which make
the Inflamed prostate worse instead of curing the disease.
A weakness Is always due to some debilitated condition of the system.
while nearly'all cases of Inflamed prostate are found in comparatively
healthy, robust-looking men. whom no one would suspect of any trouble.
Judging by general appearance. The inflamed prostate Is caused by excess,
contracted ailments, dissipation, etc We can cure this prostatic trouble la
every caae and thus put the organs In normal condition.
r» A x/ u/HFN /^ITPI^n Any one doubting our ability and
PAY WHOlN CUKJDIJ. wishing to test our skill, remedies
and appliances may deposit our fee In any bank In San Francisco. IF A
CURE IS NOT EFFECTED IN A REASONABLE TIME THE BANK
WILL RETURN THE MONEY. Payments may be made In monthly Install-
ments If preferred. Our prices are reasonable.
« nm pr C I T I? F We cla5m tnat our system of HOME TRELA.T-
nUlVlO VlllVLOt MENT cannnot be improved upon. By a sys-
tem of Urine Analysis and the truthful answering of questions asked we can
diagnose your complaint and treat you with the privacy your own home af-
fords.
nivi-c Rrkni/ Every man should read our Slarrtage Guide acd
rKCL DWIV» private Counselor. Sealed, Free by SlaiL
DR. MEYERS & COT, 'Til-ffSSr
TAKE ELEVATOR. : Hoars — 8 to 5 Daili; Etenings 7 to 8; Sunday 9 to II.
Dr.
«»- There occurs to-morrow another of those famous bargain sales that have done so much to build up our *Ilk business. We've
ZZ planned to outstrip every previous Ellk selling; record, and for that purpose have secured bin lots of the TWO most popular _*¦
m— wearc-n— Taffeta and Peau de Sole— silks, that are bright, strong and serviceable, to be sold for this week at the following un-
y~ precedentedljr low prices: . ¦ —^
% GUARANTEED BLACK TAFFETA. BLACK PEAU DE SOIL BLACK SWISS TAFFETA. 3
•»- ttCkr- YARD for the regular SSc qual- QQ/, YARD for $1.10 quality Peau de £E>l/-» YARD for the regular 75c Taffeta.
•^— D*7W lty, 1» Inches wWe; a guarantee OC/w Sole, 20 Inches wide; a silk of a O'T'V* 21 Inches wide; splendid wearing —<&
•»— goes with every j-ard. rich luster. rllk. ¦ : "^
85 C Jrtra D heat^n l l^hes"wlde' U ere t « C 1-1 ©TARD for the $1.50 quality Peau T5C 23 A fn?hes r wWe?^ "ery C lustrous
fc T> hes.wlde. every 1 d« Sole. 21 Inches wide; a heavy. Taffeta. * ¦ ¦.
yard guaranteed. 5Ood weartn g silk. Q*T~ TARD for the regular $1.15 qual- Z2
iZZ. t-lt.-~ . w , ., «. , • Ol^ lty, 27 inches wide; a superior ;^
£ 9oc f^he S e X: glSS^SSSii SS^^i make Swlss Tftffet^_ 3
anteed. tlonally fine make; wear guarantied. CPPPMI 200 pieces best quality Japa- "^
¦»— . '/ Or till HL. nese Wash Syks, In pretty
S— Of -1.1 TARD for the regular $1.50 qual- Cr|.fi3TARD for the regular $2.00 Peau striped and checked corded effects. In -^
Sfc~ Ol lty. K inches wide; magnificent vl de Sole, 22 Inches wide; extra colors of light blue, pink, laven- APZf —3
Cress silk; guarantee every yard. heavy and very lustrous. dcr and' white. Special Yard t'OW ~-S
B A- SJSJSXirF^l G-OODS S-A.I..E3-' 3
To-n-.orrnw morning: we begin a very special sale of Whit* Goods. Every woman who reads this announcement will be : — j»
•»** Intfnv^ly Interested, for not only do we promise you a saving of one-third but our offering embraces this season's best, ma-- J
j^ teriaif. such as White Oreandv. Indi». Linon. Nainsook. Dimities*. Lawns and many other prominent weaves. ¦ • -«g
•T" C/> YARD. 36-inch Cambric Long Cloth, C%A_f» YARD. 41-inch fine White Swiss fQ/-> YARD.- Fine White Irish Diml- _^
%£Z Ow worth En&c. Organdy, the kind you pay else- It7^ ties, In pretty corded effects; reg- ' r^g
ZZ I Or* VARD - India Linon. the where 25c. Special 24c. . - ular value 25c yard.
«•— +Jm\0 most favored cloth fcr children's QQ r YARD. 70-Inch 'White French Or-
**7" Cxt*&p*\ worth yarJ. Z>\JK> gandy, very fine; the regular 43c \ As* YARD. White • Xalnsook. a soft -^
St= |Q_ YARD. Persli-i Lawn. 32 Inches P.ua»ty. at 2?c yard. • l^t and yet substantial quality, rcgu-
g"* IwC widp. very sh?*>r make; worth 25c. OQ/-» YARD. French Organdy, 70 inches 'ar value 20c. _-g
S: \CKf* TARD. Victoria Lawn, of a' su- O»7^ wide, a " beautiful cheer cloth; v\Rn rhw-ked and strlt>ed Xain-
ZZ »« C r^lor rr. ak e; worth 25c yard." regular value 50c, for SSc yard. f^C f n % of preUy "^
I^ace and 5atin striped and open effect CVTPA 9D£fMAI 30fl pieces 36-inch Eng- styles; regular value 20c. . ~^
»_ I.awns. Over 40 choice stylo* to choose »Alnrt OftU ML. ]j s h Long Cloth <12 — "£
g~ from; marked for this sale at 12c. 15o, yards to a piece-), worth $2.01. (P14O Ql-^ YARD. V.'hite India Linon, 32 -"•
I»c to :t3o yard. Worth one-third more. Special Piece «I>1 O3v Inches wide; exceptional value.
B A SPECIAL BLACK GOODS OFFERING. GRAND 1901. WASH FABRICS. ;
'vThen we talk*niark Goods we're at our bwt. Those who A magniflcpnt showing of this season's choicest patterns and -^
a^. havp tried know It. It has long been our ambition to keep weaves— nowlttef" controlled exclusively by us. Exquisite effects **^f
growing in Black crers porxis. This is bow we do It. Mcnday In Dimities. Swisses, Mercerized Foulards, French Organdies, _^ t
y~ sr.d Tuesday values impos>?ib!e to duplicate elsewhere: Madras and Zephyr Ginghams and many others. ... —^g
Cj nn ptigu'n* flinch extra heavy Rlack Cheviot, warranted Fronph rhallip" A new arrival on sale to-morrow. Dalntleot — •¦
g^~ SJ» w J j pure wool, sponged and 6hrunk; our special ¦ ilCill/H I'liallluO En d most charming designs an«l ftlk stripes;- —^
"*" RP" Y?rfl TTlce because we closed out a big lot under Y?fH » n Ideal fabric for Klmonas and Tea QCC/-* m
y~ ° 3 * ICIU< price. a3b lClUl Gowns. Special t Yard OOL- 2
"*"" 91 Ppmclc' Pair Tou must pee this cloth in order to better it\f> Cinrham """e will place en Kale for Monday only _^
g— JL"'*.'' .«'i 1C '?, . a '' arprwlate this o^Ter. It is 60 Inches wide, IUy O!II'M«HI iscO yards good quality American Zephyr
•^" C«PT!fll Pn5 Yan a P»*f.uine Camel's Hair Cheviot, beau- MnnHaW if Yflfn Gingham, the very latest sty'rs In ntrlpea _j"
•»- ««-•'«' tOU IQU. tlfu]Iy dye(J . from the Iooirg of BraJ BI'JHUdl l\i ICIU. and cneeks , n colors of Plnki Llpht due,
Jf^I frrij'p leading mills, every yard worth $123. Special QQf* Red and Grajr: wrrranted fast colors; the regular 10c *7 r+ ~~~t
m^~ ralue Tard OOw qur.l'ty. For Monday j- Yard C W
g NEW SILK WAISTS, . MIRE NEW ALBATROSS. BLAGK VELVET RIBBONS 3
ZZ f\r flfl Fcr " ew TafT?ta Silk Waist? Anothor shipment just to- fis A Cfi FOR MONDAY. - r2
VKiUU -another model. We expect celved of this lavorlte ma- «* J , 011 ,-. c .u u . T>uu u '
ZZ Atl to Furpass the immense sale ter i a i. Comparison proves gW.l UU One of the best Ribbon bargains -^
WU TcLo^Ved by e our a custom: it to be the best quality of-^ W here to-morrow. We made a special f?
~ S J^.^T 3 ?^ wa l st ey 7 K offer ? !: . fln " cho1?e colorrnc™ O o?""pink n SUIT - purchase of Black Velvet Ribbons.
lfhed with f.nest tucks and hemstitching:. , . L r.i , Ay? "V. ""*• _, . ¦ \ rr i • i
a- latest biFhcp E Iwf: full range of new Light Blue. Old Rose. Lavender. Gray, which we" offer you much less than ;^
•-; colorin ? !=-Pink. Light Blue. Old Rose. Reseda. Ni]<\ Bluet. Cardinal, Castor, , r, r pc»>nt nrevailincr nrifc« The "•
ZZ Cardinal. New Gre^n. White and Black: Cream and Black. the present pre\ailinR prices. l ne
y f ' ze * ~ t0 •*¦ Great value c^°° Ribbons on sale are the best, pure — »
— "nfw ii i nvFRTlnn 7^ v*Rn"" LAGE GCLURS F0R M0NDAY ' S S £& , , 2
j- Nt\^ ALL-OVER^ FOR 75c YARD. Th , nuantlt , ,. not larfre but enou(th go. 2 at .Jcyard: worth... ..ioc 3
ST" A beautiful variety of lace stripej and to last for Monday. New Arabian iSlO. 3 at IOC yard; Worth. .12 l AC _-«
tucked All-over YokinRS— five rows Lace Lace Collars with revere?— dark and licht \ T rt - if IHovarH- wnrth iSr
m~- Insertion with fine tucks; SOO'-y'/^,, shades; worth 1125. For one OftV tl S i *1 > J ' u
g— yar^y. Sreciai Yard iOC day Eacht3UC N O. 7 at 1 Sc J'ard: WOrth 2.iC
LADIES' COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. NFW "^
NEW TAFFETA "~~ ~ =
p^ hi.ii i. .ii 1. 1 n 4?j ¦ & * 0f PflTTflM WAICTC -w
1»— tily *uck?d ;O'i hem- ~ ~* T "*-»~~-- relictions now have -^3
ZZ P1«. i*l-.."i ( >. Sl"» choosin? from ex-
y- .<^<» - . sir* each. (PnLiSfTrrnifi^^'^**^^^ elusive novelties.
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
ADVEBTISEBTENTS.
DR. WOKO WOO TEA AND EE&B SANITARIUM,
Tfit-766 CLAT 6TR5ET.
&*° Francisco. Dec. 24. 1900.
BSSS5*f% To mil whom it may concern:
I ~^W ln December, VS39, I was taken
kt X f Ick with Black Typhoid Fever,
f L* 7 tbe most virulent type known to
fc. JL medical science. I had hemor-
Jfr*^?>%L rhace*. both nasal and lntestl-
'~*Zt*$&&\f naI - e'Cht of the latter occur-
W /&%{?1 " S\ V- rJrs In one day. Dr'. Wonj
'tn-uii'l^ 'Woo. the eminent Chinese pny-
• ician vas called, ana with one dose of his
tea stopped tbe flow of blood, thereby saving
tar life, as I hjad been rfven up by my whit*
pbydclaa as well as by all my friends. 'Was
utconsclous four weeks, but by Dr. Won* Woo's
wonderful skill be saved my life from this most
latal of &U feTers. Although I was confined to
ny bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation in six months from tbe time I went to
bed. asd new I welph 202 pounds, more than I
I ad ever attained prerlotisljr. I would cheerfully
recommend Dr. Wong Woo to any one In need
cf a crst-clasa physician for any cause whatso-
ever.— RALPH !;. FOLKS. 215 Golden Gats
•*«., Eaa Frasdsco. CaJ.
Any One Can Have a Free Trial Package by
Seeding Name end Addre:s.
Men need no ioniyer face the trylnff ordeal of
cwearlrgr off from tobacco. A well known
chemist of Cincinnati has discovered a remedy
that actually offsets the desire for tobacco,
stops the craving for cigarette*, spoils a dgar
Quickly Cures
Tobacco Habit
ADVEBTISEM2NTB.
Dfi. HALL'S KEINVlQOEATOBBrapgi
Five hundred reward ' for any LSs^Mfi
ca*e we cannot cure This secret BH Hm
r*mt4r stops all losses in 24 hours, H J3
cur*-« Emissions, Impotency. Varl- EBB
cockle. Goaorrbwa, GIret. Fits, T?,V\ P%u\
Etrtctures, Lost Manhcod and all LoJ UJU
vrastlcg effects of eelf-abuse or Ka
eicf^Fes. Sent seaW, t- bottle; 3 UBbBOi
bottles. JS; truarantt^-d to cure any case. Ad-
«Jres» HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. SS5
1' road way, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073ft
Market at.. & F. AU private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free bock. ttSQS
Weeldy CalI,$1.00 per Year
Massive Oak I
Extension Tables 1
REDUCED CIO CR I
from 620.00 to Ol^ivJU g
We have an immense Etock of D
FURNITURE I
and CARPETS |
which we are pellingr at K
GREATLY REDrCED PRICES. ¦
CASH cr CREDIT. fi
Free delivery within 100 miles S
' en C* worth and over. p
T. Brilliaat Furniture Co., 1
338-342 Post St. |
Opes Evesusgi. Neir Powell. H
_ I
: yCUOEsV
\ KIDNEYrV
\BUDDElly
W^T^IsnvSMW ft In 8bMbsB5q iSM w3Br^^^K3EP
1-8 1 ! S RFSl
- No More Smoke or Dirty * pit to ins.Women of Woodcraft.
Bad wood Cir«J« nf tbu Woman of Wood
The French Ministry of Posts and Tele
graphs is making arrangements which
will enable every resident in Paris to have
a telephone in his or.her apartment for £2
a va&r. * ¦; .- -' - '"."_' ..- ...... i r , •. ¦¦ .-
- At a meeting of the Past Dictators* As
sociation held ' on " the '2d' inst. that body
decided to entertain the delegates. to* the
Grand Lodsre in i this city on the night of
the- 19th of March at a banquet. s A com
mittee was appointed to arrange a pro
gramme : of entertainment to' follow, the
banquet. - ' '• * . *
Yerba Buena Lodge ot *5 Its last held
meeting initiated a. candidate and elected
W.-H;- Howard < as Its delegate to the
Grand Lodge. .
Da tha nl»h* o» tb« 1st liust Vl/lalltv
Knights of Honor.
And all the shoes will be sold.' The Bank
rupt Sale of the California^ Shoe Co. will
wind up In two weeks. .1 will this week
make a clean sweep, if possible, and will
sell, beginning to-morrow. ; ladies' shoes
that cost $2.50 for 75c; ladies' ties, worth
S2, for SOc: men's J2.50 calf shoes for only
$1.15 a pair. All will and must go at the
Bankrupt Shoe Sale of the California Shoe
Co., 1500 Market street, near City Hall av
enue.' Frank VV. Prpher, receiver. • '
Only Two Weeks More
The masked ball recently given, by Yer
ba Buena Lodge in San Jose was a great
success in even' resccct. There was a
good- attendance, many pretty and novel
costumes and good music.
The officers of Magnolia. Lodsre of the
Knights and Ladles of Honor were in
stalled by the Brand officers- last. week.
The principal officers are: E. J. Stanley,
protector; Mrs. Nellio Dockery. vice pro
tector: J. J. Hicks, rtcordlng secretary;
P. J. . Joyce, treasurer, and Mrs. L. Fitz
gerald, chaplain. Aft«?r the lodge closed
there was an adjournment to a Stockton
street grillroom, where there was. served
an installation banmiet which waa sup
plemented with speeches and music.
Aurora Lodge at its last held meeting
had twn candidates to initiate. It wyl
give an inauguration party March 4. The
feature will be a farce entitled "Hiring a
Male Cook."
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The process of laving the new pavement
on Grant avenue has attracted much at
tention during the past week and has
elicited many words of commendation by
experts and contractors. The Board of
Public Works, composed of Colonel Men
dell. C. E. Grunsky, Marsden Marison and
Augustus Maguire. have for months been
investigating methods of paving approved
by other- cities, and were determined to
obtain for the city's streets a paving that
would stand the most severe " tests and
insure the greatest permanency. The con
sensus of opinion derived from their in
vestigation's In Eastern cities was in ef
fect that the method employed by the Al
catraz Asphalt Paving Company of this
city would more nearly till their require
ments than any other. It'was accordingly
given the contract. • The paving differs
materially from any now In use In San
Francisco . and promises to fulfill every
confidence reposed in It. * '
Constructed to Last.
At a meeting of the Stablemen's Union
held on Friday night a schedule of wages,
to t*Kln on the lim of next month, was
adopted. The rate ¦<? fixed at $2 a day;
with the ¦ privilege of the men rooming
and boarding where they see fit.
The Hackmen's Union, after consulting
with the owners of hacks, have decided to
resort to the original price of to for driv
ing to San Mateo cemeteries. Lately $6
was the price charged.
An effort will be nUde by the Carriage
Blacksmiths' Union to shoiten the hours
of work of the members. This union is
among the mere recent organizations, but
has more than 140 members.
From the reports of unions as read
•weekly before the San Francisco Labor
Council through their delegates a satis
factory feeling exists between employers
and employed of all the branches of in
dustry. Among the more recently organ
ized unions are thoso of the retail clerks
and the barbers, and Judging from the
progress made- by both this city Is in a
fair way to maintain Its position of giv
ing to the employes of thesw trades
shorter hours fur work with an assurance
of no reduction In the wage scale. The
clerks' organization, with -400 members,
has behind Jt the families of the mem
bers, besides their numerous friends, who
are ready to espouse their cause In de
clining to patronize aoy storekeeper who
may persist in keeping his place of busi
ness open after fi o'clock in the evening.
This union, like that of the barbers, ha*
passed through the probationary period
and Is now a giant of strength in the
community.. The barbers are jubilant at
the good news of • the passage of their
bill through both ¦ houses of the Legisla
ture and its almost certainty of getting
the Governor's signature, with the ap
pointment of J. J. Calish of this city as
one of-the board of. examiners.
Another sign of tho popularity of the
unionized trades can be seen in the in
creased attendance of delegates at the
Labor Council. Two years ago from
twelve* to fifteen delegates were all that
could be mustered at a meeting, now therfe
are more than 150 members present at the
usual weekly meetings of the council.
Heretofore the organizing committee,
consisting of five members, was able to
dispose of the work allotted to It At
the last meeting of the council the com
mittee was Increased to twetity..
Employers Seem Generally
Satisfied With Existing
Conditions. .
NEW UNIONS ARE
GROWING RAPIDLY
For some weeks there has been much
friction between «.ne*boss teamsters an i
their men as to the hours of work and the
rate of pay. Three months ago the team
sters organized and their union I3 now
recognized by the Labor Council. A con
ference waa called for last evening at thu
Builders' Exchange, and though the
teamsters had a committee present, tne
boss teamsters had only two members of
their committee to meet the men. It was
agreed that a cdnference should be held,
however, but it resulted in nothing dettn
lte. The teamsters want the abolition of
the boarding houses' maintained by their
employers. Hours of work fixed from' 6:30
a. m. to 5:30 p. m.;and pay running, fron
(2 3 to 12 50 per day. At present tile men
are being paid from %\ to il per day anc
their board. The principal objection 01
the men Is the boarding system . main
tained by their employers and they claim
that they should be allowed to live wheio
they please and not forced to board whero
their employers designate. ; • *,
At the meeting last evening John Tuttle.
J. O'ghea and W. Sullivan represented the
Contracting Teamsters'- Association, ami
John Fremqnt Harper, president , of ,-• the
Teamsters' Union, spoke for the men. K.
Rosenberg .represented the Labor Counc'l
and J. D. Pierce appeared for the Arrrerl.
can Federation of Labor.*' Although botlV
sides held a protracted discussion, noth
ing definite was accomplished. The team
sters announced In positive terms that un
less a satisfactory agreement Is reached
by to-morrow morning, not a pound of
building material would t>e hauled on any 1
contract now In progress In the city. The
teamsters will meet at UK> Mission street
at 2 o'clock^ this afternoon.
Unless the demands of the Teamster?'
Union are granted by to-morrow morning
at .6:30,. a general strike will be declare"!
by. the men who do the hauling for the
Contracting Teamsters' Association.
To- Morrow Morning They
Will Refuse to Haul Any
Building Material.
TEAMSTERS ISSUE
THEIR ULTIMATUM
craft at the session en the last Tuesday
In January received three strangers by
initiation and there are several' yet to be
initiated. This circle, v.'hlch is making
remarkable progress and which at eacn
meeting has a cood attendance by reason
of its popularity and sociability, is ar
ranging for a snow-baillnfr party; to be
fjlven during the current month at a' date
to be hereafter fixed.
The rr.er-ting at which the injunction
Tias served was a jspeeial^ one called for
the purpose of increasing the stock of the
company frcm *£"..' vu>"iQ to Jl'V'.O-rt.OOO. No
business at all had been transacted when
the injunction was presented, and the
moetinp took a rc*ess until later in the
day. The restrairinc order was obtained
la behalf of S. V. White & Co., holders
of 4i>0 sharfg cf common and 50 shares
cf preferred stock; William H. Curtis.
o*n»r of 60» shares; A. Sartorius. holder
of Uifi Fharrs. ;±n<l William Uonn"I!v and
Henry Zeimann. owners of 100 shares
each. The hearing on the injunction will
t>( h<M in Nf wark.
According to a statement by the stock
holders nothing te« done at the after
nootl mooting. It is reported that law
yers ar*? scouring the State trying to get
•one other rtce chancellor to "vacate the
Injunction prar.tcd by Vice Chancellor
Stevens.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— A temporary In
junction ¦was served to-day on the officers
of the smelting and refining company who
were present at the company's meeting in
Jersey City, restraining them from in
creasing the capital stock. The injunction
will be argued next Tuesday before Vice
Chancellor Stevens. The officers of. the
company desired to increase the capital
stock In order to take In the Guggenheim
refinery.
The complaint on which the temporary
injunction was issued alleges that the
American Smelting and Renninj^Company
had no surplus or working capital on Jan
nary 1. EMI. :>nd that instead on that
date its capital was actually and to a con
siderable extent impaired. It is also al
leged in the complaint that the Guggen
heim property is not worth more than
SIO.imO. and that the purchase Is proposed
to be made by an i?.=ue of new stock of
the American Smeltina and Refining Com
pany to the extent of f 10.00" .000 on a ba
*:s of 80 per cent for the preferred and
50 prr cent for th*> common stock. It is
also declared in the complaint that the
proposed purchase would establish a com
plete, monopoly in the business of smelt
ing ar.d retining goid and silver ores in
the Tntted States and Mexico, and would
therefore be subjected to all the penalties
whirh aro pr*»«rrib*"«1 bjr the statutes of
the I"nit»*d States against trusts ar.d mo
r.opclies. Affidavits are attached to the
complaint in support of the allegations
made.
Temporary Injunction Is
Served on Officers of
Smelting Company.
PREVENTS ISSUE
OF NEW STOCK
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Keb. 16.— The
Leader to-morrow will pay: The linei* of
the Central Passenger Association's ter
ritory have decided to boycott certain
1\ csttrn roads outside of* fhe Western
Passenger Association which have refused
to withdraw prepaid orders from the terri
tory eat-t of Chicago. The Central Pas
senger Association has several time?, re
quested the withdrawal of these orders
and the request has teen concurred in by
the Western Passenger Association, which
endeavored to obtain the consent of the
Northern Pacific, the Gnat Northern and
the Canadian Pacific to eater the same
agreement. Some of these lines have re
fused and the Central Passenger Associa
tion 1'r.e.s have decide-! to rout* all con
trollable business over lines which have
taken action friendly to the Central Pas
eenger Association <-n prepaid orders.
The Denver and Rio Grande has been
he western conm^ction for the Burling
on read at Denver and has turned the
Jirsir.iss to the Central Pacific at Oguen.
New that the Union Pacific has come into
control of the Central Pacific the Bur
lington n-.ust seek a new traffic agree
ment. Should the Rio Grande also come
und-?r the control of the Harrinan inter
est the matter v.ouid probably be more
complicated for the Burlington.
The officials of the latter road say their
traffic arrangements with the Denver and
Rio Grande have been very friendly and
there have been no intimations from of
ricial sources that any change has taken
place- which will destroy those relations.
President Hurt of the Union Pacific and
Jr. Hoi dredge had a conference on the
Latter yesterday, the result of which
ue latter. will lay before the officials of
Us line.
iMAHA, N'etr.. Fob. 16.— General Hold
re ge. general manager of the Burllng
toi road, left to-night fcr Chicago, where
it is said he will confer with officials of
hfc road on a basis for an agreement with
tie Union Pacific lor an outlet for the
Bnllngton's Pacific Coast business.
Certral Passenger Association Lines
Decide to Boycott Roads Out
side the Western Passen
ger Association.
Officials Hope to Make an
Igreemant With the
Union Pacific.
BUFLINGTON LINE
SEEKS AN OUTLET
Woman's Auxiliary.
On the night of the 1st inst the follow
ing named were elected officers of the
"Woman's AUXiliarV . T.tnffrvln ' Mnmmanl
Redwood .Council of the Fraternal Aid
Association will give a grand ball Jn Red
wood City on the night Of the 21st Inst.
in the Alhambra Theater. G. Einstein J.
J. Read. C. D. Roller, P. Princevalle. R.
McGlynn and T. V. Butte, the committee
of arrangements, expect that the function
will be one of the best that has ever been
given In that section of San Mateo Coun
ty. During the evening the ladles of the
council will serve an excellent supper.
Fraternal Aid Asociation.
SUIT FOR INFRINGING A PORTER
ISABEL— Arthur Guinness Son & Co., Limited,
of Dublin, Ireland, brought, suit. yesterday tn
the . United States Circuit Court against the
Abramson-Heunlech Co.. -Edward Abramson,
Adam Heunlsch.' Max M. Cohn and C. N.
:SpIero for an Injunction, an accounting and
damaging for infringing on the copyrighted
porter labels of the respondents.
-NELSON CASE ¦ DISMISSED— The fatber of
Tina Nelson, the clever little acrobat at the
Orpheum,' and John Morrtsey, chanced with
cruelty on complaint of the California Society
for the ' Prevention' of Cruelty to Children be
cause they allowed Tina, to perform,- were ac
quitted" by a Jury in. Judge Frittfs court yes
terday. .-/.;: ¦ . -> . ¦¦¦ . . .
-STEPS "ON "A NAIL— Mrs. L. D. Staples/well
known In fraternal cireles In this city, stepped
¦>n a nail while walking: on Grove street a few
nights ag;o. 'The nail was forced through the
ball of the right foot producing a very severe
injury, and for a time it was feared that lock
jaw would result. She received immediate
medical attendance and will soon recover.
STEALS A BARREL OP WHISKT-Joseph
Nealon was convicted of two charges otf petty
larceny 'by Judge Conlan yesterday and jrot
six months In jail on each charge. January
io Nealon stole a barrel of whisky from Rotnain
Cuyala, 129 Sixth street, and the same day stole
a side of bacon from Leon D. Stone & Co., 236
Sixth street. . • _.t '
WIDBER CASE RBCALLED— Attorney Pelx
otto appeared before Judge Cook yesterday ami
made a. motion that the remaining charges
against A. C. Widber, ex-dty Treasurer, now
serving a sentence in the State Prison. > be dis
missed and the matter was continued for a
week for argument.
CUT BY A FALL.— Harry Swltzer. a boy
acred 12. years, had a. few lacerated wound?
dressed at. the Emergency Hospital yesterday
on his. heart and face. Switzer was riding a
horse alone Market street and when about to
turn into Mason the animal slipped' and fell,
bringing its rider down v.ith it.
CHARLES H. MAXN'S WILL-The will of
Charles H. Mann, who left an estate valued at
$100,000. ' baa been 'filed for probate. Decedent
bequeatbs his entire estate to bis widow, Mary
E. Mann. * H# commends his daughter to her
mother's generosity.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
The strike, which for a time tied up
every mill in this city, affected materially
all classes of laborers.". Building was in
terfered with and many structures in the
course of erection were abandoned by the
carpenters and -brickljyers because scab
material was being usSd.- ¦••¦•.
The strike - was . the longest . and most
determinedly' fought of all -ever experi
enced in this city. .The labor unions are'
particularly jubilant over the successful
outcome. • • .¦-" >-¦ . • • '
The mlllmen's strike, which has been
pending, since last August, and which
caused almost irretrievable injury to
many of the mills of this city, has finally
been settled by a board of arbitration
to the satisfaction of aH'concerned. The
decision of the board was rendered last
night, and although the terms of settle
ment were not divjlged. it la generally
understood that the demands of the labor
union have been sustained and that here
after the mills of this city will limit their
operations to eight hours a day. Only
a few minor details contingent to the
decision remain to be adjusted. ¦
The board of arbitration, which con
sisted of Jeremiah Mahoney. Jame» B.
Hritt. Oscar Lewis and D. Kerr, has been
engaged for some time in. Investigating
both sides of the controversy. The in
terested parties had pledged themselves
to abide by the decision. The mill-own
ers' case was presented by A. ¦ Wilkle,
William Shaughnessy, L. P. Bolander.
William Crocker, and B. Herring. The
strikers were represented by P. H. Mc-
Carthy, H. M. Saunders, O. E. Tveltmore
and E. Brandon. The meetings of ; the
board ot arbitration were held in the
office of the , Millmen's Association on
Sansome street. .
Th» Decision of the Board
of Arbitration Finishes
Struggle.
MILLMEN'S STRIKE
ENDED AMICABLY
At the last held meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge after the election of two candidates
for membership W. H. Howard waa
chosen as the lodge's representative to the
grand lodge.
Yosemite Lodge at Its last held meeting
elected Carlos B. White to represent it in
the grand lodge.
' Lodge Installed Its officers and elected
Past Grand Dictator J. W. Rourke as
delegate to the Grand Lodge. The Install
ing otllcer was Grand Dictator Archibald,
assisted by Grand Reporter Johnstone.
Last Tuesday night Deputy Grand Dic
'tator Learned, assisted by a number of
Brand officers. Installed the officers of
Saxon Lodee.
Grand Dictator Archibald and Deputy
B. D. George paid a fraternal visit to Ivy
Lodge last week. The lodge has elected
George -C. Berg as its representative to
the grand lodge-
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY .17, 1901.
League: Mrs. Georgia Hodgman. presi
dent; Mrs. Addle L. Ballou first. Mr a.
Sarah II. Wilson of Oakland second. Mrs.
Nellie T. Enos of Sonora third and Mrs.
Mary Selbert of Stockton forma vies
president: Miss Laura Cantus, secretary;
Airs, Flora E. Bowlejr. treasurer; Mrs.
Jennie C. Goodwin, sergeant at arms.
Mrs. Addle I*. Halloa was appointed tho
press committee. During th« evenlns
there were addresses by w, W, 8tone.
president of the parent association and
ex-Judgo M. Cooney, chairman . OS ' tha
executive committee of that body. :
17
The n>me4y is in the form of pleasant
tastJn? tablets or lozenges, containing
vegetable and fruit eBP*-nces. par* aseptic
pepsin iGovornnipnt test), golden seal and
diastase. The tablets are sold by druir-
gists under the name of Stuart's DysDeD-
g!a Tablets. Many interesting experi-
ments to test the digestive power of Stu-
art's Tablets show that one irraln of the
active principle contained In them is suf
flcient to thoroughly digest 3000 grains of
raw meat, eggs and other wholesome
food.
Stuart'* Tablet* do not act upon the
bowels like after-dinner plus and chean
cathartics, which simply irritate and in-
flame the intestines without having any
effect whatever in digesting food or cur-
Inx indigestion.
If the stomach can be rested and as-
eisted in the work of digestion it will very
«oon recover its normal vigor, as no or-
gan Is so much abused and overworked
«c the stomach.
This is the »ecr*t. if there is any se-
cret, of the remarkable success of Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, a remedy prac-
tically unknown a few years ago and now
the most widely known of any treatment
for stomach weakness.
This success has been secured entirely
upon its merit* as a digestive pure and
timple. because there can be no stomach
3-ouble if the fcod is promptly digested.
Stcart's Dyspepsia Tablets act entfre-ly
m the food eaten, digesting it completely,
o that it can be assimilated into blood,
lerve and tissue. They cure dyspepsia,
vater brash, sour stomach, gas and bloat-
.ng after meals, because they furnish the
•ipestive power which weak stomachs
) ck. and unless that lack is supplied it is
ts«]e8S to attempt to cure by the use of
*!.onicfi." "pills" and cathartics, which
live absolutely no dipt'stive power.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets .can be found
a a!l drugstores, and the regular use of
CM or two of. them after meals will dem-
o.strate their merit better than any other
a guxnent.
The remedy is not heralded as a wonder-
ful discovery, nor yet a secret patent
medicine, neither is It claimed to cure
anything except dyspepsia, indigestion
end stomach troubles, with which nine out
cf ten suffer.
the Treatment of Stomach
Troubles.
A Hemedy Which Has Revolutionized
STRANGER THAN FICTION
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
Purtojr the cr.tury a total of about 13,-
BOQJOOQ people rave come from foreign
countries to make their homes in the
I'nited States.
i Special Sale High-Band Collars, The o m y fg|E ffliEMMfclllfei. Z ew JL e 8& e °f h J£ 8 ' m ? M ? S % le
i Drummers'Samples 2 for 25c. •*> that »•»,» god form with ShBBL »¦¦?¦¦ "¦%¦ 01 Mi 9I9 9i»5O 9 $&, &3. make monaay Only.
£ FilM* Glnvn* S olf '^-H 'mrfiun. and h : eh- the new square HPf And - | W ¦ ; T«r selection whilethe new «P™S^« « ™£ P«J We hare betn able to buy Sd ¦
*: t W £ZS ™~ 4ply Umn - • 2f °" 2 50 C^FOR^^Sr^EWcS^SSSr STORE $1 .30 «« *2.00 ', Wash Sdk Shuts... $3.00 Pl j^ Ota of th= W[j>jK
H ftfyS^A ju« 32 coz.n or . ¦¦ **^ ; • - . ; , . well-known Crown moke — ;
V £S£¥r\ traveling • gm^ m MJB Jf the kind that sells eveTy- ; /. i / ;!
i m? TihSS House Furnishing and Crockery Sate monaay* jsi|gf^p^l|| I-
$ G:^ a sale which for surpassing values eclipses any previous offerings that we have made in these depart- fiTj^^Jfi |l Si^l
* -m>MMMyi • w ri^.^1 ments for months. Our buying organization is constantly on the alert to secure bargains like these— bargains that a«-«he shim «»¦¦?• n i
K 'W&m!M "«-^. housekeepers to-morrow will find it hard to resist if they are in need of a single article that we quote below. Sl^/lltfc 0 H H
t» V\P^»^^^T pait> Spendld ' These imitation '' , /* ioo ¦ of these fins .. .. •' 300 dozen good /'.^v£-^ V.;, 60 dozen dec- are gusssted to prerent rip- ft 1^^?
* Jfc^*^i^^^«- Empeor, Crar- tr-^-^^.^ " cut glass Water imitation cut g'as rfj" "' "^heary Wattr Tum- ."" orated China Tea .ping. They are the biggest L> \tj\\ *•*
M . *^ 'J^^B ini a^, Sata " Pi'chers. worth -££££>* s* t^^^? Breakfast Sets— -BIJ 1 r$ bUrs, smooth finish - '%ZX£ i T/) Cups and Sju- kind cf a shilt value . at jl/
V ~ toga. lhf >' e!T1 - K^jfwfs^vJ Jl regu'arly at least yffi£l 1. W^%&-^^ SU S^ bowl, butter B|- edge, good enough *$^.^fffe--y. cers. gold edge to-morrow's specu! price—
I PV^.^SffS I W BSi BJltlBt hfctf^- 5^; Monday's Sp S ci:>,
%: fated an! garanteei, p:r pair. . **%*%* xk\M «th= price -on •' «t; on JMQf* dozen £[*(% Monday only ##€? BOOkSaWS.
* ~ ~Z S[ * ySMEffl .special si!e Mon- special sale Monday only — set m T&rm0 ¦ .... %0%mU_ . ¦ ««St!dcit Minister's Wooln*'* Sequel to "The
£• Special &ate day " IQtr* Colored Bsnquet Candles— R-d, green, P ink,b:ue, white' 9 jm Gas Globes— EngTaved glas', Twentieth Century Gis Mantlesi double stickit Minijttr> .. by Crocks:— pub-
*• HreSS GOOtlS. kteLJSbr^ •••• .¦*r**'. andye'low, neatlyp«kedl dozen in box, per dca . . . 4f4rO fhher the (cur or five inch s : zs, a frame, heavy web, for Welibach and other foheii «t |i. 50- ipecal Monday fio
S **#«*«» .. Dirner Set— Engish srmi-porce:ain, decorated in light green or 0 % very big vaue— each .. n^ gaslights, I OO candle power, equal 0^ • &&C
* Wep- a : e on f3 'e to-mmrow about -.oco yards f , Wvn border; S ,o 3 p:ec«, for 12 personr; the complete set $10.50 2OC to the best 35 c mantle-each. .. .. Rob ' trt Oranje'-by John Oliver Hobbes-
Z of sS-mch all-wool Dress Fabnc$— sty ish > i r\ > f ... - . "School for Saints'* — rab-
l knickericcker (uidnp -weU adapted for & 16-inch fib,r Floor Brush, with <r* _^ Bisjcll's fUrpti Sweepers- E a t jic^ciaTMoX «*T
* scroll suits and outing wear — :n new spring . ' >s^^ handle; a good, s:rvicaV.e artice &S;-. Ths, best grade of Carpet Sweepers, J 8SC
I mixtures of ' receda I ght graj-, biscuit, light i^^^f^^D f^^T^m^^ fcr houre or ¦ r 5 *^-^ made at Grand RapHs "Wounds' 'to *thV* Raiti"-^^ Crane'.
If brown, etc.; a.so feveral go I shades in "^Sw ImUiMf//// <«i?<fflHB I ;^^ Enai™l«a <v ttove use; reg- n «V1 Michigan, regular.y 0 book— published at fx.ca-1
\% CjmHVhaT Cheviots -and fome pretty H^^^^TTMT p P u arly 75c; spe- [j! \\ffi I a -5<J «ch-on * medal Monday only. . 73G
I p a =ds and checks for ch.VrenWar. Thes: . fiSKST^TW*UL II W Shape as in cial Monday , ,Jj l| specul sale Mon- S "Cunnln* Murreir '-by '^ VuthcV of "Tales
\\ goods «al excel entvaw. at 50c «- Ccoa Door MU-ISX27 inche-, c-^^^ffi^TOf l -^^^ cu t ,6-qu i rt 5^C ' . Ml S of Mean Streets"-pubished at __
fc a vard-sale price Monday only... OffC ma e of fine grade of co:oa fiber with" X^gJ WttHL • , "*' } ' \^ &1.39 Sm* fi.eo— special Monday only 75V
>i n. r+ * mm braided edge; this !s thi f ea on y.u ret nned cover; regularly ,^-^3^^^ r/ » 0 Also special ja'e on Monday of odds -and
\i derW&ar Saeniafo *P^alMond T *»£? % Brass BWCage-P^nty d3 > M g;™ /PlJiliSl^Sfi^ eled Soup Pot-siie jf JfflB 5 °c Paper Books for WO
% aerWfSar &pGGiaiS. of Toom> sze i6)4ij% Mayonnaise i Mixer— A hand « aid tin cover, / <-> ftn daM fflSP 25c Paper Books for....... 5©
{%• Monday and while these lots last: Home Cobb'er's Rtpair Oaif.ts— inches, soid Ira s, cpai iood rtw arjc.e for hocsrholl best qua" ity of enam- JL W * *3P y 10c Paper Books, 2 for... .80
.%' ' t^ Of) tit« Da > our cwn *boe repairing;, it is, cups; our rega'ar -lery low cse, silad dressing made Gas Heaters — Blue flame, eco- eJwl ware . regularly .
* »4-WW. ?4-50 easv;' sets complete wi h a 1 necessarj- price £1.25; special Mon- easy. Can a'.so u-e fcr whp- r.orrical gas burners, handjome ' .' , d ' Nickel Cuspidors— Removable Ifl/ash IfflatGri&fSa
\i &£&) and $5.00 Chi- » ic'.es for half soling m _^ d 1V ..;. ~~ F«ng cream er w tf ._ nickel-p'ated fin- o ' — ' ***** top, easy to clean .... _ n .".*" . *
i Wife dren's Dresses . . $1o50 ' 9BO bea-.ing egg,.. $1.45 ish $2.5O 46C 5UO Sell being unpaeked-many new styles. Ths
[ £ b *^ g %' «? ni fv~c ' " " ' season'* imports are almost cooapIetQ. Now
if 'm$j£m W<..'..T.2fQr'5o. So Each. fOcEach. 2 for 5c. 5c Each. We Each.
lit' tS^ TSTO^ ( * 1ghdy m - !ed > Wire Egg Beaters Ccrk Screws Pope's Night Ught* Teapot Strainers Japanned Dredger Boxes Coat or Waist Frarnes podtiTely the largest collccnon of wash fc>-
* S^'jIaifiR? Chiyri " * t0 Laundry Wax " Kitchen Knives Box Putz's Pomade Polish Tin Muffin Cups Handled Strainers " Asbestos Sad Iron Holder r^JTn"^ Zep°hy^ 7^"*°'
!$ M?ifll!|(lVm 4y«n — ribbon p ot Scrubbers Vegetable Knives Electro Silicon Polish Wire Coat Hooks Curling Iron Heaters Wire Trouser Hanger 40o"io"7$0
}** \ /' \j iM 1 * I" \\ nimm-d — beauti- Kitchen Teaspoons Pie Crimpers Package Moth Balls Rubber -Medicine Corks Barrel of Tacb Coat Collar Springs Crepes from Japan, extra quaEty, colorings neV
\K iSgj^J j)L full J midc .-°^ Two Papers of Tacks Tin Match Safes Retinned Family Scoop Nutmeg Graters Apple Corer, Wire Broom Holder pAIS^tatoVidi^Vf Jgo
! 2Si%S Fine Corsets Furniture, Carpets, Rugs. Groceries Monday
% -spe-ial to cVar at H &lf atld . ¦ «., ~. « . « - m * S^le of Ham-Best Eastern Tacked Nainsooks for waists yokes'.
K s&- nn €Mw ntMta Mu. Incomparable Clearance Safe Bargains prior to sngar-enred— we guaranty -* jnrf.. . ; .©oo#o $i-op
i Wi Hearty Half. . arrival of new Spring Stocks. . «*-- *— A £?%£& a 8£?&-<z22Z.
dies a *V 4& C(^^»«^ All th's week if the lots last. In justice to yourself you must not purchase elsewhere until you have looked pound 12c J-&J\ yar:I tOo to SOo
i • /sjMMjmK *&- Aborted lot of all into the merit of our offerings, then shop around and make comparisons. Chem— Itest Eastern Cream . AM"%. Fme White French Organdij6Smche,wyj
i drawers like /^fej^^SS ' \ kindj ot cor ' eK We know that you will com: back here to buy. —regularly loc 1b f — fM^ /j m *' ¦JOOroyii^O
V picture— \f&^0,J J M $zW/ «nd neariyal ij,wt QQ Tapestry Brussels Carpets, with borders to match, now. 72o — Monday only.. I OO 1^^ H o-.*»-» *~l O^/«
% lightly SYl -«to 9°c Tapestry Brussels Carpets, with borders to match, now... 65tS Strin S Beans-Regularly « ft : SpeGiai&aiG
I' Zy%£l (\ b\.\ at o n r F ke to Si. 25 Wihcn\Mvets, good durab'c carpet, with borders to match, now.35c S^Mot!^ >S *— * TbUB UiiehSm
*t —insrrtingcf y^^^^SSSSp^^L \l c£(^^\ \i zXo '* 2SC $ l ' 5 ° - Axm ' ns£er Carpets, floral, Persian and Oriental effects, now. . .$1.00 day— per tin . . . . IOC Napkins— Bleached Irish Linen Dinner Nap-
£> fins lace and /E5» i -"»«-— -av^ZSrdP 8 *^ S\XFx°&r^ ~*K gj 2 _ /\ xrn j nsterSj Smith's manufacture, borders to match, now 9Og Washing Powder Cadahy's PSramid i-lb 1tiaa — *3 »ache» tquaxe — well made, solid
j emb-oidery , Av^ ~ { of $1.50 grade of Bcdv Brussels Stair Carpets, suitable for runners, broken lines, packages-on Mondar-4 packages Off ™™ **"* »» w ? ht fiax-iike
Jk* — ei'gedwith \\\ir''^^v Coriets *»¦>¦& r » , r o j 25 C satin lustre after washing— the pick of a farge
£¦ lace — a wide deep ruffle— fine wide drawers — \\AYfflW — R. ¦& G. and now '....•UUC ''."''". "" '' ' '" "' • aisortment of new J2.00 values— special
V abcut 3 do«n pirs only, form-r _, —-^ others— fhort «m- m ' ™ e Wheat— or Graham F.our- on o/f/* Monday only— per doxsn m - —
I price $z. so-ipecia! to Ickar... §1.25 /MiL »nd other RugS Sittl MaWntJ. Monday-io-lb «ck*-«eh *UG \.. §1.43
j f $2.30, $2.75 and $3-00 Oov.-ns$175- 0ft IP\ ?- vltS , ~;%7 135 E^ of all-wool Smyrna Rugs, heavy $25 grafe of all-wool reversible rugs, siz-- fji Beam-New Pink-7 «» 2Sc Tea Clothi-A small lot of fine Damask
5 An Asserted lot of vrry beautiful fine K£J>^ \ b.nel and finely C " litr , revcl ,:ble, s:x= 9 xis .«t, _ = J «o!i feet, r:ch Oriental __ .-«•»•* Tea Cloth*- 3 s inches Square— neat open-
it cambric gowns— in perf-ct order— handsomely » marc— regularly Qw • $25 effects now $18.75 Crackers— Frisco Lunch or Champions - -~ wor I c hemstitched effects— good value »:
j; and elabcrateJy tr mr^d-ernp .« and square $t.z 5 $1 r. S o and S .oo-aU YSn RvgS— Reversible; heaw, durable— an exccllcnVrug "aV a low price. fre,h and crisp-pound 1UC _
f. n;ck— rah engthi and widths— a!'. s;zes — s ze%, is to 36 M %Jr%JT * ' . row (Mon^arlorlv O^rO
J. regu'arly $z. 7 S -«d # _ Assorted lot of new R. G., J. B. and W. B. t 6 f° Mcrns Rug, size 9x6 $ 7 . S o Moy^ Rug, m, gr f 9 00 Moiris Rug, size 919 V "
I ff4!;r .U ffi S...$4.8O. .2^.flfl 2.. r 07.25 California's Best ZOo Lining* IZo.
* IVlOtttlaV SBlC specialwhnequant'ty lasts Wilton Ru^S — 63x36 inches, Persian, Oriental and floral effects, regularly — _» a 750 jards £mcy itrlped Taffeta Skirt Linings—
£ ~ 4-J? «%.-#• Beautifully all-over embroidered straight, font "gj.jeVnow ' '¦ . $2.75 %* mil OSQ . MMaMaSir cross-over effects— 36 inches wide— a good
fc curtain t.ntts. R^mK^ei iMatth^^Art 'i^^ym^^^^^yisikf^r^^^ociT^ ?^r& isinTheEm- ao f Talae -^ i** 6 " ** Monday 12*+
k We offer fcr or.: cay only— zoo famp!es of nne (jual-.ty; in a'l sizes; g^JW AC 5 OO^r* f pcrium. Of °" y ~ per **** M^G
I J, Irsh Point, Brjisels and many other kinds regularly i7-5°»- now - • $**"»%*& '• ' * * ' tf^ aC / J&*£*& *H *** ft™*^ m~" O
$ l^fo^a^ri".! ?uS? — • February Furniture Clearance. i Orient^ ?' Liquor Sale
m \*crtn jic, i> 1 5 sna p;r pair — su.tabi? .... , - *^ [1/ JA -1 C*. TjV f aifctn v ifi zaars in San njQ **S f% t
6 for eaih' curca : ns, tidies, bureau, wash? tand f7#*#xictS fv innh *~ tTtfS Oak Folding Bjd, with a large French plate mirror, fire 3 1119 inches, now.$gB.OO IV \\j[ Francisco the MOtlUay MJiJiy.
jj and dresser decorationsr-the choicest iotof **rU2*9 IXinyil tMtn&f $35.00 Bockcase, 73 inches high by 40 inchrs wide, with a drawer fcebw and adjustable J^\/^\m^ jff big Chineie Claret Safe— Wine has greatly advanced in
%¦ Cdrtaii ends we have ever had— on Monday f -, n agm /aniI shelves, now ; $22.50 M_ ))/ /, I and Japanese price, but we have a hr 2 ; Quantity of tie
j* only— each 3Sc to 7Bo * ** ##«?# . M *MW~Um 1*5.00 'Oak Botkcase, the ,64x19 briber, with a cupboard above and shelves a^u-table, £*&£ Jl**^ Department in good table wine which patrons of our liquor
{ SV — 100 styles of good dress Ginghams, crsp and ntnr ••••-•• -. . . $1&*CO **~S**st^flk this store is easily the department like so well, whkh we will tell
\*' BOVS' HSltSt fre?h fr0!T1 theloom - not on = ° f them ever .^-oo Combination Bookcase and Writing Desk, with a French plate maw, swelrront, glass ffi % finest. The rare ivories, Monday onh/— per gallon
!*! •* . ,* shown on our counters before— str'pes, checks, dcor > "° w - •••• • •• • •.•• •• •• ••••¦.• : • • • • 2««*22 JxM\ <s«*r curiouS bric-a-brac, 3OQ
\% • _-——^_ A fin= V 801 *- elc.-good cloth— vour pick Monday _ $l°-°° C h ' na Uostt, wsth a Fremh m 1!r or 2+xio inches, now $2Q.OO IMNaWL carved ebonies, em- Harper's Whiskey— Pure Rye or Bourbon—
\K C^T^'-^X mem of thc and Tuesday— per jard ' £G JS S-co Sideboard. French mitror 50x20 inche--, plush lined drawers, now #37. SO %&k MM broidered silks, beaudful —sells regularlv fl.oo per bottle— __
Sk" newest spring . ' Dining Table, quartered oak, s5zs cf top 51x51 inches, extends 10 feet, now.^22-5O J^^^^ clob'on- ware and special Monday only 75C
£ **=3sT^ ' t>IfS haVe : : I7#Sq R ° Und D ? i^ lihW '^ inchs3 in ' lame '«> now $1?'?? *£ /fc cmios from aU parts of Vermouth-Thc Genuine" French— - -,
I *&£3fe&&7»* • j«t been re- |z. 5 o banister back Dninf Chair quartered oak, now .- <$i' d £ ¦ the Orient are weU specbl Mondav onlv— per bcttle. . 5 UC
u fi^E^SS^ «*" h'# 25C Tray GfothS 11C yS°^ T . c f V arl Z r ]* b *-^ lt Mo r f ' n ™---^ fS'fS worth a Vsit of inspection. No stran gJ r in _ —^ — __
fc- gy^^--^ Straw Hats— -^ jn.co Colonial shape Parlor Table, caw leet, fancy «ha P : top, now 97. SO c.. F ranci«co «r-ould leave town wiihou: 25 SttlOkeS 4OC.
X Smooth and Monday only we place on special ule 50 dozen $30.00 Brail anil Iron Bed, swe!l front, fancy and elaborate design, 'now ....$20.00 -¦ T^! \S| S, ftST WH
£ rough brfd, all colors and wi ths of brims, Sumped Hemstitched Tm Cloths-mad; of f 40.60 Brass and IfJn Bid, swell front, with porcelain knobs, cxceient bed, now. $25.00 - T1 " } ag , • , {TcZL \TsnrDrainrfv low 6 Monday "** We ptlCC * a lpeCal "^ *
J each 25C to $2.OO ur.ion linen. ? hey are 18x27 inches Jn size $75.00 Bedroom Suit of quartered oak, with a large French p!at= minor, 3 pieces, have only • 'Sih f ° «i AmeiLn daks !n large quantity of Diamond Stogettos—*
X Sailor Csj-S— White, duck or pique, and fancy —stamped in floral ani conventional designs— two lets Jefr, now/. $43.00 American cieria m rough-finished cigar but good tobacco aa4
5 colors of crash made to wuh, price cr plain if desired— r.'gulariy 20c and mm Hatrack ot quaitcred oak, with a French plate, mirror, umbrtlia stand attiched/now atten ?ff! -_ . '• tJ a good smoke— |»OX Of 25 y»f%~
J 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 25c each-Monday>iy tBG $25.00 (Main Floor, rear, tut side. for .;. <*UQ
6 ~ * ' -'....--.¦"¦" * * ¦¦ - - • *
THE EMPORIUM.
Success in life, has its mortal enemies in
tb« buts.. iXs and rperbaPHM. • ./ - .
To-morrow '$5 men's Alaska seal shoes
for $1.90. Shoe Trust Sale, 717 Market St. •
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
IB. KATSCHINSKI, |
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
I 10 THIRD ST., San FranciscD. §
GOOD VALUE
AT A CUT PRICE
¦ Times ar* & little quiet. betws»a *ea-
¦odj. ycu know, n to, boom business
w« nave cut the pries on one of the
. neatest and latest styles of Oxford Ties.
Ladles" fin* Vlci Kid Oxford Ties, new
coin toes and tips, circular vamp* am a
full quarters and band welt«4 soles.
Til tli Baltimore extension edges.- Re-
dnced from C 50 to 91.65. all widths
and sizes. . . ¦ '¦ - ¦"-'
Notice— This store closes at « p. m.
so- week day* and 11 p. m. on Satur-
day, and will continue to close at those
hours, PROVIDED ALL OTHER SHOE
STORES WILL DO THE SAME.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST., Sao Francisco, |guilt, yet so filled with It, so moved by it.
so possessed by It that the verse was real
ized: 'C'eBt Venus tout entlere a sa prole
attaehee.' Her entrance as she appeared,
wasting away -with the fire that con
sumed .her, standing on the verge of the
grave, her face pallid, her eyes hot, her
arms and hands emaciated, filled us with
a ghastly horror. • • • The whole of
the scene was inexpressibly affecting,
and In gesture, look, tone and conception
In the very highest style of tragic art.
There was U*t one defect, and that was
the mode of uttering the famous, 'C'est
tol aul l'as nomine, 1 which we take to
have been a misconception of Us mean
ing, the 'more remarkable from the Intense
truth with which she grave the hurrying
horror of the preceding lines, where with
a shiver between each phrase, yet lrres'rt
ibly Impelled to utter her thoughts, she
said:
Tu vas ou!r le comble des horreur».
J'a!me a ce nom fatal Je tremble, Je
frlsonne.
¦ : | ¦:;• When the prune men began their combination they thought it would be a good thin * to
hold their crops-m their own hands, but now that they. have them on hand they are not satisfied
Evidently^ there^s such a thing as an association being too full of^runes.
\\ It seems well nigh assured we are to have an extra session of Congress this summer, but a
little cloud like that will not dim the^ general brightness of the year. : Fortunately it is a Republi
can Congress, and therefore can be counted on to do, the right thing. ; '
Mrs. Nation, the saloon-smashing agitator of Kansas, who says she will not cease -her labors
until all groggeries are .forever closed, probably has not learned the les^pn taught' bythe" lad v who
tried once to mop up the sea. - "; _ . :' : ; • . ¦¦ '- •
Papa Zimmerman wants to purchase an ancestral castle for his daughter, the Duchess of Man
Chester. It is unfortunate that he cannot buy r hera grandfather; for 'there is after all a limit to the
purchasing power of money. ¦ ,-:: ¦ .
General Gomez appears to be somewhat more successful. with ballots than he was..with bullets '
He has won in;the~constituti6nal convention at Havana a victory ;which ; reflects great" credit tipon
his military, career. ; %*' " ¦ % . v^- '. . •:- • . ¦-.,
; " ' '¦":'-'• , ~~ — ,'" * ' .'"'.¦ ¦' -¦--.'¦.- /'¦' • • ~ ?"¦ •';/.>
j . ' A plan is proposed- to Have only^ one State Commissioner of textbooks instead of three The'
commends itself on the theory that one tinker is less 'liable to do damage than threef '
¦•¦•¦»¦¦»• ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
: . The Assembly investigating committee opened just enough doors mithe Police Department
to reveal the fact that a further investigation is necessary. It has been made evident there is a
very interesting skeleton in the closet, and the closet-door should be opened and the thine broue-ht
forth:. ¦- . • .._¦;- ¦ ¦•.. :.-;. ;.- .. V-.. ~ "»:. : .: .• ¦-. ' \ ;-•. ¦ ;?- •:• - 5
i;a If there be no other way to settle the dispute before the adjournment, Congress should-get
Schley and Sampson. to agree to arbitrate or draw straws. The country is weary of their contro
versy, and it is time the heroes of the fight off Santiago should receive the reward fduejtnem for
their valor and their patriotism. . . ;
CRIBBAGE— L. H. R.. City. If. ia a
two-handed game of cribba** tha play
runs 6. 3, 7, 2, 5, 4. there Is a run, of six.
A PATENT— <J., Gilroy, Cal. Th© beat
way "to secure a patent on an. article of
home manufacture" Is to engags the ser
vices of an attorney who makes a spec
ialty of obtaining such. An Inventor who
wishes to act Independently of such an
agent might make a mistake that would
cost him his patent.
SCENT FOR THE BREATH-F. EL.
City. Theatrical people who desire to
scent the breath use the same scents that
are used by other people. They do not
us© any special preparation. There aro
any number of preparations sold by drug
gists for scenting tho breath, but thia . de-
Dartment cannot recommend any tha.
"•will stay with people a couple or nours."
REVOLUTIONARY WAR-H., City.
This department has a communication
from this correspondent In which Is asked
•'What was the data of tho termination
nt the Revolutionary Warr This depart
ment hasnot been able to discover any
Sifthorltatlve statement on tnat point.
Can any o" the readers of Answers to Cor
espondents furnish the desired informa
tion? ' •
I'LL HANG MT HARP-E. It S.. Oak
land Cal. The full text of the song "I'll
hang my harp on a willow tree" can ba
found in "Our Familiar. Songs." page 2S4.
This department has not the space to pub
lish it in full. The book named says of
this song: "There is an absurd tradition
that this familiar old ballad was written
bv a nobleman who had the misfortune to
lose his heart for Queen Victoria (then
Princess Victoria) and who poured forth
the suicidal song when she received tho
diadem on her brow." . . .
PAYING RENT— B. H.. City. The gen
eral rule, to San Francisco Is that rent
shall be paid In advance. If you rented
a room on the 24th of August of last
year the payment of the amount agreed
udoh would have carried you up to the
24^h of September, and if you have sine*
wsam
until tne -*\.n j* «. , be terral-
W , U 4 .£.«« of rent such notice must b«
of increase or rein. be f ore the, ta
given at least tBirty> cffectlve If
thfrentts then not paid a three-day s'
th ?« 1^i milt must be served and an ac
fi«n In ededtniSt commenced. An hon-
SSS»li tS«t^ will wm vacate premises
owing tbe landlord rent.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
When Sarah Bernhardt was In the c'.ty
pome : "ars ago she gave a breakfast to
Forte of her friends at the California
Hcttl. It was served about noon and
there were but three persons present be-
Fidcs herself. In the midst of the repast
a ecl! boy knocked at the door and said
that there was a man downstairs who
refused to give his card and insisted en
coming- up to see her.
-Let him come, then," was her reply.
The call boy explained that he was a
tough lookjng tramp and might be crazy.
"•Never mind his looks or his clothes,
he may be a. friend of mine," was the re
ply.
In a few minutes a man of about GO
or more-: entered the room. . He was very
shabbily dressed, had not shaved for a
•week and hla shirt front was well gar
r.'.shed with tobacco juice. The Instant
Jiernhardt saw him she gave on exclama
tion and bounded forward. She threw her
pelf upon his neck and covered his rough
face with kisses. The man was Mr. Levl,
a turner, who died recently In this city.
Many of The Call readers will remember
his short, heavy figure as he used to walk
the etreets with furs throwp over his
thoulder. looking for 'customers.
Bernhardt at once made a place at the
table and b*gan opening champagne for
her guest. She introduced him as an old
friend from Paris and explained that
when she was a child and her family
¦was In straits Mr. Levi ¦ J»ad cared for
them all one winter and kept them from
absolute want.
Every few moments she would jump up,
£iasp him about the neck and kiss him
again Rnd again. There was no acting
about these embraces. 6he was glad to bee
him ?.nd she wanted no misunderstanding
on that score. Presently she asked him
why he did not go bock to Paris and see
his relatives. He answered sadly that he
was not able.
"Oh, that Is easily remedied," she said,
end a moment later she had written out
a check for $1300 and thrown it across the
table to" him. He picked it up, and when
he saw the "amount he broke down com
pletely. With the tears streaming down
his cheeks he said:
"Sarah. I didn't come here for charity,
but Just to see you a few moments."
He handed the check back across tha
table. • . •
"Oh, not enough? I make It bigger."
She wrote, another check for $2000 and
thrcw.it over .to him. • He. looked at the
rccond check and merely said:
"Give me the other, Sarah." .
She smiled as she handed It to him.- and
then the old" man did a magnificently in
dependent thing. He slowly placed the
two checks together, tore them Into bits
and handed the fragments ¦ back to- tbe
xnadame.
"No. 'no, Sarah; no money. Just your
gratitude; that is all I ever wanted."
Then she was at his side again, kissing
bis tears away and sobbing herself. It
vas a very pathetic scene and one not
GENEROSITY OF BERNHARDT.
easily forgotten by those who witnessed
It. She said that she would' "fix him
yet" in that peculiar -way of hers, which
always means that she intends to have
her own will. • •-*••» '..?'
Some months later I was In San Fran
cisco and met old Levl waddling along
the streets with his furs. • He stopped
me and said he wanted my advice.
"I have Just got a letter from Sarah."
he paid, "and I don't knowwhat the devil
to do about It." He translated the letter
as he read it, and It went something like
this, as near as I can recall it: "You tore
up the last check I gave you, which was
very mean of you. I was very angry at
the way you treat my checks. No one
else ever did such a thing to me but you,
and you make me angry every time I
think of you and your, treatment of me,
Tou humiliate me before strangers. They
must have thought that my checks were
worthless, or you must have thought so.
I now enclose another and larger one. It
Is for twenty-five hundred dollars of your
American money and If that Is not big
enough Bend it back and I will make it
larger, but some chock of some denomina
tion you must accept and If I gave you
all the money I ever earned It would not
repay you for the time years ago In Paris
you saved me from want. I shall expect
you to come to Paris at once and be my
guest. Answer yes by cable and make us
all happy. If you do not do this you must
never call on me again, as I shall refuse
to receive you. Affectionately..
"SARAH."
"What shall I "do?" asked the old man
with tears in. his eyes. "She Is bound to
have her way. x She always was that way
as a child."
"Better send the dispatch and then cash
the check and go to Paris."
"I guess I'll have to," said the old man.
and he started for the telegraph office.
ONE OF THE GUESTS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18.— Th* following
Calif oralans ar« In KewTork: From San
Francisco— W. R. Halle, at the Marloor
ough: L. Curran, at the Imperial; W.
Marks and wife, at the Victoria.
CALIFOENIANS OT 1TCW YOSX.
In the leisure and rest of to-day the good people* of San'Francisco should not overlook the
fact that to-morrow, the gamblers will make another effort ; to; obtain , from the Supervisors the
privilege of resuming poolselling and bookmaking at Ingleside track. Consequently one of the
duties of to-day is to resolve to attend the meeting of the board to-morrow to protest against 'the
wrong and defeat the scheme.-
It is understood that, the acts to secure this needed legislation were drawn by the attorney
of the Harbor Commissioners, and have the approval of ¦ that body as well as the business com
munity. It would seem to be sufficient to satisfy the members of the Legislature that the Harbor
Commissioners request this legislation, and with the backing of the commercial bodies it will be
strange if any opposition is, developed to its enactment, and it will also tie interesting, in such an
event, to consider the names of the members so opposing.and their probable motives for so doins
. . • . - . •„ . , o •
It is conceded By all the commercial bodies of the cijy, after a careful consideration of the
subject", that the lease is. a good one, that it will save an expenditure of over $350,000 to the State
and be very beneficial to the immediate business demands of the city. They have so expressed
themselves in petitions to the Legislature for favorable action upon the bills presented by the Har
bor Commissioners, arid in an open meeting held last Friday at the office of the Commissioners,
when a committee of our representative men was appointed to visit the capital and present this
matter to the Governor and the members. of the Legislature.
. It is estimated by the chief engineer of the board that. the cost of. this seawall will exceed
$350,000, and the State will be benefited to that extent, as it would otherwise be soon
to build this wali with its own funds to meet the increasing demands of commerce along the
water front. The advantages to the railway company from this wall are that it gains additional
harbor facilities, which are greatly needed, and avoids the . interference ;with its traffic arrange
ments which must necessarily occur should the State, by a failure of the Legislature % to act, be
compelled later on. to construct this portion of the seawall in front of the leased premises in China
Basin. ' .. '
THE lease of China Basin to the San Joaquin Valley Railway Company,, which caused so
much public discussion for several months while it was-under consideration by the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners, is now before the Le'gislatureMJndcr this lease the railway com
pany takes the use of the basin for the term of fifty years under authority conferred upon the board
before it was made, and no further legislation is needed -as to that portion.. By another provision
of the same instrument the railway company undertakes to build a seawall in front of the basin, a
distance of about twenty-four hundred feet, if the Legislature ratifies that arrangement.
CHINA. BASIN.
Paul Morton, second vice president of.
the Santa Fa Railroad. Is registered at
the Palace. : ¦
Edward Chambers, general freight
agent of the Santa Fe la Los Anffeles, is
at tha Palace. iV> '
The Rlffht Rar. "W. TV. H. Moreland.
Bishop of Sacramento, is at the Occi
dental.
J. G. Enright, a real estate man of San
Jose, accompanied by hi3 wife, is at the
Palace. •
A. Krtise, a frultman of Maxsh2eld. Or.,
Is a guest at the Russ.
W. C. Daub, an oil man of Bakersflcld.
Is registered. at the Grand.
C* R. Tilson. a lumberman of Modesto,
is registered at the Grand.
Judge Edward H. Lamms of Los An
geles is a guest at the Palace.
- L. A. Soltzer. Assessor of Santa. CTir.i
County, Is a guest at the Grand.
Araos Burr, agent of the New York
Central In Los Angeles, is at the Lick.
Lieutenant F. F. Clarke of the K. C. It.
of Halifax, N. S.. 1» at the Occidental.
J. C. Cougbley of Uklah. is a guest at
the Lick
Governor Gage Is registered at tho
Palace.
E. C. Merritt of Santa Rosa is at tha
California.
F. von Miller of Santa Crux 1* at the
California.
Judze John N. Davis of Jackson is at
the Palace.
J. A. McKenzle and wife of Merced, ara
ruests at the Lick.
Jules Cain, a merchant cf Newman. i3
registered at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A- J.'Bledsale of UkJah is at the Grand.
• J. C. Kuddick of Uklah Is at the Grand.
, Sheriff B. F. Longford of San Jose Is at
the Lick.
The following letter from thfl.well-
The musical event of the coming week
will be.- the appearance of- Miss Leonora
Jackson, the , violinist, and formerly a
resident of California. Miss Jackson Is
scarcely out of her teens, but has already
won j an enviable reputation for herself
as a violinist. As a child' she was sent
abroad* to. study by George M. Pullman.
Mrs. vGrover Cleveland and others, and
the wisdom of their investment has been
amply proved, according to the critics,
who have commented ' most . favorably
upon tho'work of this youngr woman. As
Miss Jackson was engaged for eight con
certs In one season by- the Boston Sym
phony Orchestra, .there 1 seems little doubt
of her ; attainments, and ; she is accom
panied ', by Josephine Klburna, a soprano
of note; arid Selden G. Pratt, pianist. Miss
Jackson will appear only in two recitals,
to-morrow. and .Wednesday affernootis, at
the • California ¦ Theater, when she '• will
doubtless" repeat^ her*: triumphs ; O f Lo n _
don, Berlin and Paris. .¦','•-.
-.-, •¦' • •' • ' •
Bong lovers will be glad to hear that the
Henschels will give to-night a popular
programme, - at' popular J prices, f at ! Metro
politan Temple, .whlch.wlll.be the last op
portunity . of . hearing these f avort t© sign
ers during this visit."
'As to , the famous Godow»ky para
phrases on the Chopin Etudes: Aa ona
prominent musician" cays, "They look
better than they sound.". Of their tremen
dous technical difficulty and remarkable
Ingenuity there can' be no two opinions;
their muslcalncss is another question.
One curious feature about the matter is
that no one has accused their author of
impertinence, and neither Is there the
least .suspicion of Irreverence about the
paraphrases. But if Chopin had wanted
them that way he knew enough to have
written ; them . In- that fashion: and that
his was the only way was amply proved
when Godowsky played paraphrase and
etude proper on the same programme.
• Other less familiar numbers given here
were - the "Variations on a • Norwegian
Theme" of Grieg, the Chopin B minor
Bonata, E flat- , minor "Scherzo" of
Brahms, ballet from- "Alceste," a Salnt-
Saens arrangement of the. Gluck and a
brilliant "Contrapuntal Paraphrase" by
Godowsky himself on 'Weber's "Invita
tion to the Waltz." The artist after his
American tour will retains to Berlin,
where he will make his home. Ho has
lived in. Chicago for nine years. / -¦*-?¦:
• '•¦•*• ¦• - •
As before said. Godowsky can play the
piano. Ho has every quality of the art
ist-p!anlst—a ravlshlngly beautiful tore,
an almost undreamed-of technical capa
city, the soul of a poet and. the mathe
matical brain. Anything more lovely
than his tone It Is Impossible to conceive.
Limpid, velvety, allky soft In the planls
slmos and round and rich with no threat
of harshness In the loudest fortes. It Is
deliriously- satisfying. . His technique Is
almost -laughably - fadle. a, marvel and
continual wonder. All the ordinary diffi
culties of the Instrument— octaves, double
scales and trills: great handful* of chords
and the rest of It, go without saying: and
In the finer difficulties. of polyphonic- tech
nique each part Is colored and weighted
with as much smoothness and beauty as
If the pianist had a. half dozen Instead of
only two small and wonderful hands. In
terpretation of course comes In here, and
Godowsky's readings are as amply satis
fying 1 as the rest of his work. If there is
a lack in his equipment it Is In a last re
serve of physical force In the climaxes,
and even that, in the tremendous render
ing of the "Wagner-LJzst •Tannhauser"
overture, with -which he closed his last
recital, was lost sight of. He has the
epic rather than the lyric Inspiration,
purely, poetic and without the least trace
of Bentlmentallsm; an absolutely legiti
mate art, logical. Inevitable and emi
nently beautiful. His sense of balance Is
marvelous, the minute perfection of the
detail "never for a moment detracting from
the -largo .outlines of the whole. But
Godowsky can do as he will with the
piano, and what he wills to do In the
sum total^ls. greater than the achieve
ment of any pianist we have yet heard
here, Paderewski and Rosenthal not ex
cepted.
YET anorher Imposition upon the
innocence of San Francisco, this
time at the hands of, the hereto
fore unimpeachable Berlin critics
and in the matter of Leopold Go
dowsky, the latest pianist. By all the
Berlin critics of note Godowsky Is ranked
as one of the greatest pianists of the age.
in some directions absolutely unequaled.
and his recent visit to that city *as the
signal for an enthusiasm rarely aroused
In that stronghold of the hardened review
er of things musical. BUt of what can
the critics have been dreaming? It is true
that Godowsky can play the piano, but
of other earmarks of "the greatest pian
ist of the age" he has none. He h^j not
a mannerism to his name. He neither
flings his clever hands heavenwards, nor
droops a supple wrist in Delsarte. curves
In latest Leschetlzky fashion— which re
minds that. he Is that rara avis, a pupil
of another than the great Viennese mas
ter. Unlike another ."greatest pianist, he
neither bends a frowning brow upon a re
creant listener nor. with nod and beck and
wreathed smile like him compels atten
tion to the forthcoming beauties of : his
favorite Chopin movements. His hair,
too. Is absolutely unmusical. Black, snort,
curly worn even as thino and mine. It Is
hopeless from a plantstlc. standpoint.
Then, too. the player brings with him no
photographs of phenomenal fists, no rec
ords lot feats of planlstlc pugilism, of
Instruments broken In symphonic ardors;
and. worse than all, this last discovery
of the Berllners seems destitute even of
the Indispensable halo of hysterical femi
nine appreciations — and a great pianist!
For these reasons, largely, Mr. Godowsky
at hla first recital here last Tuesday was
heard only by a half houseful of musi
cians, at his second recital by perhaps
even fewer persons, and on the third af
ternoon by only a comfortably crowded
house. Get theo to a press agent. Sir
Pianist, and on thy next Calif ornlan tour,
the Metropolitan Temple shall not hold
the crowds anxious to greet the great art
ist, Leopold Godowsky. •
MISS LEONORA JACKSON, THE
TALENTED. VIOLINIST, WHO
PLAYS TO-MORROW.
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT.
WORLD-FAMOUS FRENCH
ACTRESS.
The will of the people was validated and inscribed as quietly and dispassionately as it was
declared, and no sycophants offered lip service, nor did any mob, shortened in food or .clothing or
liberty, howl and roar at the gates.
Power had returned to the people and had by them been passed back to the v hands into which
they had committed it before, and no man in- all the republic was hindered in his career,
obstructed in his business, hampered in his benevolence, nor harmed in his fortunes by the
process. Liberty remained unbound and glorious as the sunshine that gilds her helmet. As the
simple ceremony passed it recalled no past bitterness, but only the extending line of distinguished
sons of the republic who, by thesame simple forms, have been declared chosen of the people. It
brought no repinings of dynasties overthrown, pretenders in exile, popular uprisings, passion and
violence black-handed reaching for power through blood and fire, but only memories of a succes
sion of administrations that came and went as orderly and as beneficently as the seasons.
As royalty has endured in Spain, in Holland, in England, and its ritual arid ceremony are
unchanged, .so may freedom, with its simplicity and . sincerity, its popular forms and absence
of glare and gauds, endure forever. y
At Washington the representatives of the people and the Senators who represent the States
*in this free society have met under the forms of law made by the people and in the manner thereby
prescribed have counted the votes ordered cast by the people for the office of President and: Vice
President of the republic. There was no pompous ritual, no trumpet" blasts, no military display.
While hearts may have felt the prayer "God save the republic," no voice had to cry "God save the
King. ;.'••.: ,
So in all its varied tints and tones passes the procession of royalty, dead and living, mourn
ing and marrying and giving in marriage, while the people, feeling themselves far from much of
it, express pleasure or displeasure- according as they feel disinheritance in their own land and have
no voice in its affairs. . « „
Almost concurrently another scene is on the stage that concerns the government of man and
perhaps the welfare of the world in a sense that may not be ascribed to the others. *
THE world sits as an audience to (great events which affect the 1 welfare of nations and peoples.
With solemn pomp the English/; Queen and Empress' has been entombed, and with medieval
pageantry her son and successor has been proclaimed. His Parliament has been opened with
elaborate ceremony, and he will take the great oaths of coronation that guarantee the civil and re
ligious freedom of his people. . . •• .' ?' •
Just across that channel that was once^ swept ..by ;Van.Tromp's broom the Queen of Holland
has taken a noble to husband, and her people, on whom government rests lightly, have .cele
brated with her in all the good feeling of one family and with a simplicity of heart that makes one
forget the royal pomp and circumstance of an occasion of such significance to the young woman
and to her country and dynasty. ;.' . * £;~ '
In the land of Holland's old' oppressor passes a different wedding scene, uniting two ancient
houses. But while the Spanish Princess signs her wedding settlement her country rocks and
sways in the first tempest' of revolution. I Mobs howl at the palace gates, and%make the great
plazas as dangerous as battle-fields. Students and artisans, professors from the secular . schools,
shepherds from the slopes and toilers from the vineyards, join their voices in an angry bellow and
their hands in the work of contempt and destruction.
•/Nothing finer could be Been," he says,
"than this picture of the unutterable
rnflurnfulness and yielding despair of a
*=oul torn with an incestuous passion, con
scious of its cuilt. struggling with its
To-r.lght. Phedre! What recollections
the word calls up'. Racine, the bel esprit
of French tragic writers; Champmesle.
who created the title role under his tui
tion: Adrienne I>couvreur, whose tragic
death will always be associated with the
third scene of the third act: Dumesnil.
Clairon. whose psychological analysis of
the part Is no less true than was her ren
dering impressive; Raucourt. and last but
net least. Rachel! Of her performance in
this role there are., of course, numerous
accounts In French, not the least Inter
esting and perhaps the most accessible of
•which is that by M. Paul Mesnard in the
third volume of his edition of "Racine"
<Paiis. Hachette). But ror English read
ers who wish to Kaln a. conception before
hard of what this part means, there Is
rothing so good as the critique of George
Henry Lewes, who saw Rachel in this role
In London. July 1, 1K0.
Thanks, then, to the deterrent effects
cf the International copyright law, the
freebooters hare been compelled to keep
the'ir hands oiT "L'Aidoa." with the re
mit that th/» play, published In Paris by
Charpentlcr & Fasquelle. Is authoritative
ly- reprinted in excellent shape by Bren
tano in New York. This edition contains
eevcra.1 Interesting- Items that do not ap
pear lr. t^e otherwise admirable transla
tion by Mr. Louis Pcrker <Ru«selI. New
York). Amon^ the*»e are the motto from
Pfclne. •which M. Rostatid has selected for
h»s title page and which may be rendered:
"One ear.rot represent the Impression pro
duced by the death of the yonng Na
poleon: I haw even eeen young repub
licans weep." Then there la the author's
dedication: "To my Eon Maurice, in mem
ory of his heroic great-grandfather. Count
Gerard. Marshal of France." This is fol
lowed try a charmingly turned verse, the
thought of wWch, for lack of poetic skill
equal to the author's, I can give only
In plain prose: "Ah. no! This Is not a
cause tfc-at I attack or defend; 'tis only
the story of a. poor child!" • • • After
the Ust of characters, comes th!s delight
ful little note: "The reader must not be
astonished at Srfiing- here some lines tha|
the spectator has not heard. At the thea
ter it Is necensnry to close at a definite
hour: so they cut a little and the author
pretends not to penclve It." • • • Best
of all. at the end of the play, come two
Vieautiful sonnets — -Written in the Crypt
of the Capuchins at Vienna," the labor of
rutting which Into English verse Is quite
beyond my time and strength this week.
Moreover, there is a writer In San Fran
cisco Car rcore competent than I to give
Englifh-speakir? people an idea of the
thought end tho music of these verses
and to h!m I commend the undertaking:
I refpr, of course, to Mr. Edward Robe
pon Taylor, who has accomplished with
puch apparent ease the difficult task of
Englishing the sonnets of Ileredla.
The. passage of the International copy
right law was vehemently opposed by
many unco' good publishers who had
grown rich by plundering English, French
aryj German authors. Yet to this law and
to this law alone we owe the mercy ac
knowledged above and also the conscious
ness thnt when we go to Europe we are
no longer locked upon as literary bucca
neers. TSia-t consciousness Is worth come
thing to every American — unless he hap
pens to be an ex-member of the League
for the Encouragement of International
Piracy.
PROFITING by his disastrous expe
riences with the uncopyrish ted ."Cy
rano de Bergerac." M. Rostand ha«
I fully protected his rights, both for
¦*• publication and for representation.
In "L'Aiglon." To readers and to audi
ences, as well as to the author, this Is an
unmitigated blessing: it has saved us from
the terrifying spectacle of barn-storming
actors murdering a poetic drama of whose
ppirit they have no conception and from
a flood of Ill-turned, badly printed, cheap
translations such as deluged our market
t>o soon as 'twas demonstrated (by the
ealntly Daly) that the product of M. Rost
and's brains could be stolen without dan
ger cf th« thief's being landed behind
penitentiary bars.
A particularly Interesting prograntm* Is
promised by Dr. H. J. Stewart at his half
hour organ recital after the- afternoon
service to-day. .It is as follows:
"Das Rheinzold" (fantasia).
Vorsptel. Act 1 CParsifal).
Wotan's Farewell and Magic Flr» Seen* ("DJ#
? Wallrare").
Funeral March ("GottertJamaeranj").
"What a royally good band is Sousn**,
and what an excellent reception It every
where meets. AH of the concerts of the
last week, matinees Included, have been
attended by large and enthusiastic
crowds. In spite of the plethora of at
tractions in town. We have Indeed, as a
nation, reaso© to be proud of Sousi and
his bond, and they go this season to win
new honors. for American music to tha
exhibition at Glasgow, Scotland.
known vocalist and teacher. Mm©. V nea
Fabbri Mueller, speaks for Itself.
"I need hardly remind you that for,tha
last twenty-five years I have devoted; all
my energies as artist as well as teaser
toward the musical education of the yls-
Ing generation of San Francisco: and ntw.
In the evening: of my life, when I shouldpe
able to enjoy the fruits of my labor, dis
tress and desolation lie- at my door. Ify
dear husband, Jacob Mueller, Is stricWn
down and lies prostrate and helpless \n
i bed of sickness. In order to restote
him to life and health I have resolved to
appeal to my friends for assistance. Lv
host of artists have kindly volunteered t>
tender us a benefit on the evening <v
March 3 at Native Sons' Hall. I keenly
feel and regret that dire necessity com.
pels me to accept this token of esteem, bu*
I can do nothing else. It Is a case of llf*
or death with us. The tickets will b*
50 cents and such help as you'ean give will
be most gTatefully appreciated."
Mme. Mueller will be remembered as a
former prima donna of the Imperial
opera-houses of Vienna, and Berlin. a!s>
of Covent Garden and the Royal Oratorio
Society of London, and the sympathy of
all musicians will go out to tha singer -ai
her afflicted husband In their trcub>.
SIMPLICITY AND POMP.
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
BY BLANCHE \PARTINGTON.
L'AIGLON AND ROSTAND,
BERNHARDT AND RACHEL
GOD0WSKY IS A GENIUS
BUT NEEDS PRESS AGENT
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
THE SAN FRANajgQ^kJ±-
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ..'... Address Con^
SUNDAY . T . .".:.«.":.. ., . 1 ......;.............:. • ...... • • ? .FEBRUARY- 17/ iqoi
Publication Office ¦ ..V <cgj§^> ." Market and Third, S. F.
Can Mme. Bernharut equal this? Nearly
twenty-five years ago Matthew Arnold,
who had seen both Rachel and Bernhardt,
declared that the former began almost
where the ¦ latter ends— but _ twenty-five
years Is a long time and offers many op
portunities for improvement. Xous ver
rons!
"This she uttered In a sorrowful, re
proachful tone— "but Is that Racine's mean
ing-? Ought not the line to be uttered
with a sort of eager throwing: upon
Oenone of all the horror of the thing by
namln; It? She has kept her love long
a secret: It Is a crime: to utter It Is horri
ble: and Oenone utters It by naming- Hlp
polyte. The meaning Is, ' 'Tis you, not I,
that have dared to mention his name.'
. .... In the second act, where she de
clares her passion. Rachel was trans
cendent. There was a subtle Indi
cation of the diseased passion, of
Its flery but unhealthy— lrreslstlblo
and yet odious — character in the
febrile energy with ¦which she portrayed
it. It was terrible tn its vehemence and
abandonment; eloquent In Its horror;
fierce and rapid as if the thoughts were
crowding upon her brain in tumult and
varied with such amazing: ' compass of
tones that when she left the scene one's
nerves were quivering with excitement
almost insupportable. The storm of rage,
jealousy and despair lit up the fourth act
with flashes of lightning. 'Every one who
has seen Rachel will remember the intense
expression she throws Into single words,
varying thus the music of her delivery
but we never remember anything so ter
rific as her 'Miserable! et Jo vis!" Other
passages we have been accustomed to
hear her deliver with more effect— but
this one passage reached the very height
of passionate power."
PHEDRE- CTest tol qul Tas nommfi!
OEXOXB— Qul?
PHEDRE— Tu connals ce flls de 1'Amazone,
ce prince 6l longtemjs par mol-meme op
prlmfi.
OEXOXT3— Hiopplyte? Grand dleux!
• - •
18
• •
Choice eandlea.Townsend's.Palac* Hotel.*
Cal. place fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information «upplled daily to
business houses and public t men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Al en's). 510 Mont-
gomery bu Telephone Mala KM2. •
The modern demand for -. high-power
machinery le shown by the .-fact, that Jn
Paris the average horse-power per ma-
chine exhibited in lSCT.was 15; in U7S,.S2;
In 1SSD, lfO. and ' in l&OO. D73. - ' ' • ' *¦
• AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "After Dark."
. Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "A" Klsht Off."
California— "The "Waif* of New York."
Grand Op«r&-house-^"Phedr«" and "Leg Pre-
cieuses Ridicules."
Alhambra— "Uncle John Srruc*by." .
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy street*—
Specialties.
Tlvoli— "Nell Gwynne." • , ,
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evenlns. ' •-,.',
Fischer's— Vaudeville. i . .
Metropolitan . Temple— Henschel Recital to-
night.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Lectur* by Coquelln this
affraoon.
Union Coursing Park— O>urslng to-day.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races to-
morrow.
Tanloran Park— Races to-morrow.STOCKHOLM. Feb. 16.— The strength of
Queen Sophia la Increasing.
Sophia's Strength Increasing.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Feb. 11— Franc's
B. Loomis. tha United States Minister. *U
very 111. $^£3R**t*«fcNM|M
Minister Loomis 111.
Prince Henry of Prussia.
CRONBERG, Prussia. Feb. 16.— Prince
Henry of Prussia .has arrived here . to
visit his mother, the Dowager Empress
Frederick, whose condition is said to be
fairly satisfactory.
BELGRADE, Feb. 16.— A grand requiem
mass for the repose of the soul of King
Milan was celebrated to-day by the Met
ropolitan Church.
Great trouble was experienced in carry
ing out King Milan's wish to bo buried by
the side of his great-grandmother. Ljub-
Jcza Oprcnovltch, wife of Milos, founder
of the dynasty. The whereabouts of the
vault could not be located until a cer
tain centenarian was discovered who had
attended the funeral of the Princess.
When the vault was' opened they found
that the wooden coffin had fallen apart
and that the covpso was exposed. It was
Jn a most remarkable state of preserva
tion. The features were quite recogniza
ble and the pearl ornaments and silk robes
of the Princes*? were intact. "
The vault o«!ng -located, th« remains
were buried beside those of Princess
Ljublcza. Prayers were recited at the
graveside.
Two hundred carriages followed the cof
fin over the ancwclari mountain. It took
two and a half hours to drive to Krushe
dal.
The cofftn was borne to the Metropoli
tan Church in a state hearse. There the
patriarch, assisted by many of the clergy,
pronounced the benediction in- the pres
ence of a large assemblage, the bells toll
ing during the ceremony.
KARLOWITZ, Feb.. 16.— The special
train bearing the body of King Milan was
received -with' military honors. A detach
ment of infantry was drawn up at the
station and a band played the Servian
royal hymn/, :'¦%¦¦-
Said at Belgrade.
Hundreds of Carriages Follow Coffin
- Over the Snow-Clad Mountain
to Krushedal and Mass
Former King Buried in the
Vault With His Great
* Grandmother.
MILAN'S BODY
IS LAID AWAY
BERLIN, Feb. 17.— The condition of the
Dowager Empress Frederick is no worse
than last evening. Emperor William and
Prince Henry of Prussia paid a short
visit to her during the afternoon.
LONDON, Feb. 16.— The Pall Mall Ga
zette this afternoon says it understands
Kinjc Edward will leave London privately
Monday to visit the Dowager Empress
Frederick. The trip is intended to be of
an exceptionally private character. «
Privately Monday to Visit
Her.
King Edward Will Leave London
EMPRESS FREDERICK'S
CONDITION GROWS WORSE
CHALONS SUR SAONK. Department of
Saone et. Loire, France, Feb. 16.— Striking
metal workers marched through the town
to-day, compelling other factories to close,
forcing open the doors and bringing out
workmen until, the strikers numbered
about 5pO men. The gendarmes and troops
were summoned and the rioters were dis
persed with fixed bayonets after the read
ingof the usual proclamation. Fifty ar
rests were made. Nobody was seriously
injured.
Fifty Arrests Axe Made, but No One
Is Seriously Injured During
the Melee.
LONDON, Feb. 15.— Intimate friends of
Richard Croker openly declare he will
never re-enter active political life in
America. Those who have seen Mr.
Croker recently noticed his general phys
ical weaknes*. which is said to Joe a form
of nervous melancholia, entirely opposed
to hia usual activity; A number of Amer
ican racing friends who know Mr. Croker
intimately say that -while he will probably
return to the United States during the
coming summer he is utterly tired of po
litical work and would gladly pass over
the control of Tammany Hall to younger
hands. - ¦
0 '
GENDARMES SCATTER
RIOTING STRIKERS
Pass Control to a Younger
Man.
Friends of Tammany Chieftain Will
SAY RICHAED CHOKER
IS OUT OF POLITICS
"An English Woman's Love Letters ia
creating a sensation in London compara
ble only with the Trilby vogue in Amer
ica. The weeklies contain columns of
comments and speculation as to the au
thorship. One tumor credits them to the
late Oscar Wilde, but the publisher, John
Murray, denies it.
Theatrical stock Is rising on the pros
pects that the King will give an impetus
to the revival of old-time gayetles as
soon as the official period of mourning
has expired. Several- new theaters are
projected.
An item in the civil list of £15.000 for
the King's buck hounds arouses the most
Intense opposition in many quarters. Th»
Humanitarian League has memorialized
the King in opposition, declaring that the
growth of humane sentiment has ren
dered the sport as obnoxious to the more
refined spirit of the present age as bull
and bear, baiting -were in the past cen
tury. They suggest that drag hunting
be substituted.
A member of Lloyds tells the papers
that J. Plerpont Morgan's life is being
insured by investors interested in hla pro
jects with / London companies. About
.£10,000 was written at less than 10 per
cent.
Some fine warships which will greatly
reinforce the British navy will be
launched within a month. They include
the armored cruiser Good Hope, the ar
mored cruiser Bacchante, the battleships
Montague and Albemarle, the cruiser
Drake and the cruiser Kent. ' ••
LONDON, Feb. 16.— Elaborate prepara
tions are being made for the colonial tour
of the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and
York. The steamer Ophir is being fitted
out with the greatest luxuries. Her deck
cabins have been removed and suits of
royal apartments . have been substituted.
Accommodations for 500 persons are be
ing provided.
Besides the large royal suit there will
be representatives of the admiralty and
army. The navy officers and crew wilL
number 200, selected from the royal
yachts and the navy.
Elaborate Preparations Being
Made for Colonial Tour of
Duke of York.
Navy Will Be Greatly
Increased During the
'Month.
NEW BRITISH
WARSHIPS TO
BE LAUNCHED
LONDON. Feb. M—KIn* Edward.
Queen Alexandra, the Duke and Duchess
ot Cornwall and York and other members
or the royal family have gone to Windsor.
King Edward Goes'' to Windsor.
AN EXTRAORDINARY SCENE
AT DESCHANEL'S WEDDING
political personages, former diplomats and
literary notabilities, were present.
There was an extraordinary scene out
e?de the church at noon, the hour fixed for
the ceremony. Thousands of invitations
had been issued and the church was not
large enough to accommodate all, so the
latest arrivals, including the principal
witnesses and all the leading guests,
found themselves In the midst of a strugl
gling throng of Paris notabilities, elbow-
Ing one another in an endeavor to obtain
an entranpe. <
M. Deschanel. his bride and their
parents were kept waiting at the church
door for ten minutes before the police
could force a' passage through the crowd
General Horace Porter, the United
States Embassador; General Andre the
Minister of War: M. Victorien Sardou M
Meline and Countess and Count Boni do
Casteilane arrived almost together Gen
eral Porter waved his Invitation and
begged to be allowed to pass. The only
response was the waving of a thousand
other cards and the general shout. "We
have cards, too." So General Porter and
other personages, including all the Cabi
net Ministers, except the Premier. M
Waldeck-Rousseau. who had not yet ar- #
rived, and their wives had to wait outside
until the Prefect of Police. M. Lepine
conducted them to a side door. '
The throng.lriside thn church absolutely
lacked decorum and had to be prevented
from seizing the front seats reserved for
President Loubet and the chief lady
guests. The spectators hustled one an
other in their efforts to secure tho best
view points and some of those present
even climbed into the pulpit i"«s«ni
The ceremony was performed amid the
g^esuf SS chatt . er of the smartly, attired
PARIS. Feb. 16. -The religious wedding
of 11. Paul Deschanel. President of the
Chamber of Deputies, and Mlle.'Germaine
Brice (who were married civilly February
13 1, took place to-day before a fashionable
assemblage in the Church of St. G«rmaine
<Je« Pres. President -Loubet and many
Sir Francis Cook Dying.
LONDON. Feb. 1C— Sir Francis Cook,
head of Cook .& Son, warehouse men, and
husband of Tennie C. Clafiin, once of New
York, is dying. He was born in 1817.
Operation on Captain Humphreys.
DENVER. Feb. IS.- A. special 'to th<s
News from Fort Collins. Colo. 1 , says Cap
tain H. ' D. Humphrevs of the Twentieth
Infantry was successfully operated upon
for appendicitis to-day. Captain Humph
reys came home from the Philippines, on
account of ill health. •
Old Defender Decaying.
¦ BOSTON, Feb. 16.— The old yacht De
fender: has been found 'to be in such poor
condition that she will not be brought
around to Boston to race against tho
yacht belnf built in this city. ,Mr
Crowninshield and Mr- Lawley returned
from Ne,w York to-night and reported to
Mr. Lawson that the Defender was .In an
advanced state of decay. -
New York in Commission.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— The cruiser New
York went into commission to-day at tho
navy-yard, . Commander Morris P. 8. < Mc
kenzle taking command: On Monday
Rear Admiral Rodgers will | raise his fla*
on the New York, which has been selected
as his flagship for the Asiatic station. The
New York will sail on . March . 1 for
Manila. , -_-f;-.- . .
by Boer War.
LONDON, Feb. 16.— The Duke of Marl
borough has been sworn in as paymaster
general of his Majesty's forces. The of
fice is one of great importance. The vol
ume of business passing through the office
in these days is enough to take one's
breath away. The amounts of payments
made by his Majesty's. paymaster general
for Boer war expenses total J5.000.000 a
week. V . . «
Office Is Very Important Owing to
Amount of Business Caused
MABIiBOROUGH SWORN
IN AS PAYMASTER
MADRID. Fob. 16.— The city is perfectly
calm. King Alfonso and the Queen Re
gent drove about the city this afternoon.
The drive was without Incident.
El Imparclal says General Azcarraga,
the Premier, explained to the Queen Re
gent this morning the great difficulties
of tho Government.
"The greatest, in my opinion," h'e said
"la my delicate health and the present
situation. Recent events will lead us to
an early crisis, a subject which is only
awaiting the decision of the Queen Re
gent." i
LONDON. Feb. 16.-J.etters from Madrid
announce that all the editorial staff of
El Progreso have been arrested and the
doora of the printing- office sealed in con
sequence of the publication in that paper
of a chemical fqnnuln with a view of
pouring the liquid produced upon the road
ways, making them slippery for horses
and thus rendering cavalry charges Im
possible. .
Premier Explains to the Queen
Regent the Naturs of ths
Coining Crisis.
GREAT DIFFICULTIES
«OF SPAINJS GOVERNMENT
Since then Orange Ulster has been al
most unanimous in supporting Mr. Rus
fell in public meetings, and this probably
led to the adoption of the plank in the
'Government platform which the King's
speech really means. Another question
en which all Irish parties are, united is
the financial relation of the two countries.
According to the act of .union Ireland is
supposed to contribute a share of the im
perial taxes proportionate to her popu
lation, but- for years this has been ex
ceeded by an average of $12,500,000 a year.
When the question ¦ comes up at this
session there is likely to be. a hot de
bate,** a "fetrong party both in" the Lords
and Commons demanding redress. •
' It is already officially known that the
King. Is going, to aee his sister at Cron
berg and he more than expects that he
may be summoned at any moment, while
the Queen, on the other hand, may simul
taneously go to Denmark, where her aged
luther is in failing health.
It is a very delicate matter to touch
upon and the papers have not at present
said a word upon the subject, but in well
informed circles of those around the
King it is well known that his Majesty's
state of health is anything but what it
might be.
According to a rumor which has ema
nated from a well-known friend of the
King his Majesty is suffering from a
very serious Internal complaint, which is
of a nature similar to that to which the
Duke of Kdinburgh recently succumbed
and from .which Empress Frederick is
suffering.
The great question which crops up here
at the present^ moment and which is ex
citing politicians much is the evident ap
peal for money made by the King in his
speech at the opening of Parliament.
The people have all kinds of Ideas as
to what the debts of the King amount to.
Some people say they are as high as
JI5.000.000, which would be equal to those
of George III. Parliament having paid for
him $16,900.00(1 .
. LONDON. Feb. 16.— The prominence
given to .Irish legislation in the King's
speech- is regarded as another instance
>of the policy of the present Government
to kill home rule with kindness. The de
mand for the compulsory .sale .of. tenant
farms has been the* subject of a bitter
controversy, resulting in the severance
of T. W. Russell, former member of
the Salisbury Government, from the Alln
iatry and his adherence to the National
ist party.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
as Her Father's Health
Is Failing.
Queen May Co to Denmark,
Accepted Significance of
the King's Recent
Speech.
EASY DEATH
FOR HOME RULE
IS PLANNED
JOHN E. REDMOND, LEADER
OF THE3 UNITED IRISH
PARTY.
A painting supposed to be ; a genuine
Raphael of 1510 will be sold ai auction
here February 23. It is claimed that the
late Professqr Nicole discovered the paint
ing at Ijau-jsane. and that William K.
Vanderbilt offered. $800,000 for it.
The Berliner Neueste Nachrichten, Con
servative, has printed an article making
a strong argument that Germany has no
need to fear a tariff war with the United
States, oven if large agricultural duties
are Imposed, because American imports
here are two and a half times those of
Germany to the United Statps. It cites a
dispatch saying the Treasury Department
at Washington is overwhelmed with tele
grams on the subject of additional "sugar
duty, adding: "This shows that Ameri
can business interest is opposed to a pos
sible tariff war with Russia. How much
more, will \t oppose a tariff war with Ger
many."
The array of facts presented by Herr
Bebel, the Socialist leader, proving that
Bishop Anzer has been frequentfy inter
meddling In Chinese internal affairs, not
only In Shantung but outside the prov
ince, has been left undisproved in the
Reichstag.
Mass meetings called Dy 'the. Socialists
throughout Germany this .week passed
strongly worded resolutions against pro
posed prohibitive agricultural duties,
branding them as a most unjust and most
onerous burden for the working party of
the nation and dictated solely by the "bru
tal class of the empire and the lowest
Agrarian selfishness." They not only pro
test against increased duties but demand
their entire abolition.
The Dresdener Nachrichten. Conserv
ative, says: "Stnce Prince Bismarck's
fall the relations between the nation and
the Emneror were never worse."
The semi-official press since his Majes
ty's return has been doing everything to
counteract this all-pervading anti-Em-'
peror sentiment, but rather unsuccessful
ly. It is noteworthy that the strongest
opposition to Emperor William in this
connection comes from the • Conserv
atives, which party usually claims loyal
ty to the monarchy as a monopoly. ; ¦
The Munich AUgemeine Zeltung (Na
tional Liberal), inspired, announces that
Count von Bulow, Imperial Chancellory
assumes responsibility for Emperor ¦ Wil
liam's pro-British acts and that he will
seize on an early opportunity to show the
nation that his Majesty has good and
sufficient- reasons for his conduct
The Vorwaerts (the leading Socialist
organ) sarcastically points out that- the
"younger party expresses disapproval of
Emperor William's doinga even more
freely than the Socialists whenever his
Majesty happens to differ with them."
The winter trip which ' General Werder
Is to undertake to Russia has been mis
interpreted. General Werder is not un
dertaking any diplomatic mission as re
ported. He simply goes to Russia as the
private guest of several old Russian
friends at St. Petersburg. However, It is
not officially denied that Russia, includ
ing the Czar himself, is deeply suspicious
of Emperor William's doings In Great
Britain, notwithstanding the fact that
the Russian Embassador here. Count
Saken. during several conferences with
Count von Bulow, was assured that his
Majestv's actions were simply due to his
impulsive nature and strong family feel
ing. -¦ .. . . ¦¦¦ ¦
There is no doubt that the German na
tion is heartily tired of the China war.
This is shown, not only. by the attitude- of
the pr*s» but by the utterances In the
Reichstag and PrusPlan Diet. It. Is true
the China expenses for 1909. amounting to
153.000.000 marks, were finally voted, but
the opposing Socialist speeches were
heard by the Conservatives and Centrists
almost without reply, except In connec
tion with the missions. Baron Riehtho
fen, Secretary bf 4 Foreign Affairs, re
marked on this subject that the necessity
of affording higher and more effective
protection to the China- missionaries had
been impressed upon Dr. Miinim von
Sehwarzensteln, the German Minister at
Peking, as a point to be raised in the final
peace negotiations.
The Tageblatt ironically says: "The
harmony between England and Germany
la evidently largely overestimated, be
cause Mr. Bowles' queries were dictated
by nothing but ill will and spite."
The Lokal Anzeiger says: "'Hardly has
Parliament opened when the accustomed
spiteful anti-German hatred begins." ¦¦-
The Emperor's pro-British sentiments
and actions are still unceasingly con
demned. • , • . ,
BERLIN. Feb. 16.— Emperor WillianVs
friendly conduct toward - Great Britain
recently and the motives which induced
it still form the favorite subject for dis
cussion here. Because of this unusual,in
terest was taken In Germany, in the
opening of the British Parliament. The
speech from the throne and the debate on
the address in reply to it were'thorough
ly disappointing: because of the absence
of any reference to closer relations.
Thomas Gibson Bowles 1 interpellation
anent the alleged German seizure of a
portion of the Belgian Congo was seized
on by the press to-day v as proof that the
British people's hostile and .meddlesome
feelings toward ! Germany 'remain un
changed. • . * '•
Russia Is Deeply Suspicious. of
•William's Doings in Great.
- V Britain,
Conduct Toward England
Subject of Adverse
Gomment.
ALL PARTIES
ARE CRITICIZING
THE KAISER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
..BY CABLE TO THE CALL
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
19
e DR. PIERCES ELECTBIG BELTj
• America Ahead of the World In Electrical Xnrei>. •
¦tlona! ETerybodT know* this! our cew Body-'
' Battery* (I*. 3. Patent) ia strictly an American'
' invention— 1 UK Kelt of the C'raturr. It ieads a,
I powerful, re»ersiUe current through the human ,
. body from Head to I'ui, earing: Chronic and .
, »rvou» IMaeases and Weakness ef SlaVor Iraaic
. a« if by Magic. .>o poaUire are we that no other •
• belt is trw equal of " I»r. r1<*foe's," ttat we wCl icml •
• it l»* APHKIM AL for roiapartson with any belt'
• now sold In America. "*• Seeaij; Is Belterlng." J
'. NOTE.— We nerer send belt* " On Trial." the re- <
. fore In ordering "Dr. Pleri-eV no r!»tt ta rnn of <
¦contracting *kln liUroar or other Disorder* by '
¦nsin^ an Apnlianc* nre»t..u«lr woru br «ther'
• p«r*i>n«- rail, or send a ie. stamp for new "Booklet '
;Ko.f Addresss PIKJRCK fcLKOTUIC CO. {
. 1145 tiroailwiir. 'near 28th Si.) >*ew York,,
.Or 6SO Market Stre«t, San FruncUco. <
Bad way's
Purely regetable, mild and reliable. Causa
perfrct digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders »t tha Stomach.
Liver, Bo'*el». Kidneys. Bladder, Female ir-
regularUles, Sick Headache, Bllionsness. Con-
(tipatlnn, 1*11*3 and ell derangements of tt>«
Internal VUcera. 23o a box. At Druggists, or
by malL . RADWAY Si CO.. New Tort
PDTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
J3H U Oil J2<O «". bootblacks, bath-
house*, billiard tablsst
brewers, bookbinders. candy-maker», cansera.
dyers, flounnills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, ranners. tailors, etc. ,
BUCHANAN BROS. '
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
To=morrow we start our
Stock=
Extraordinary value giving in every department. By far
the most important event of the year.
- . These sales are of annual occurrence, and are looked
forward to; by. hundreds of San Francisco's most saving
housewives as a grand opportunity to purchase dry goods
enough for months ahead.
.7 .No one can. afford to miss such a carnival of bargain
Read the items:
LOT,1, DRESS GOODS — This lot contains. Silk Chenille Noveltr Suit-
ings, Silk Blister Crepons, Pierola Novelties and Silk-striped Poplin
Cords. Some shown in solid shades such as new blue, eolden
brown, Egyptian irreen and stone gray, and some in two-toned cffect3
such as green, brown, new blue, plum or turquoise, combined with
. . black novelty figures: also some in solid blacks of a rich. deep, lus-
trous hue from 42 to 48 inches wide— worth $1.50, $2.00 and $2. .50 a
yard. Positively the strongest dress goods value that has been of-
fered in San Francisco this season at ...GOc a yard
On safe at our Market-st. store only.
LOT 2, HENTUETTAS — Silk embroidered, and just the thing now for
spring and summer waists — an elegant line of . colorines. including
three shades of reds, five shades of blue, three of tan. four or creen —
also grays* royal purple, cream, pink, black and manv others. An
elegant fabric, pure wool, with the exception of the silk embroide-ed
figures. This weave has been selling at $2.00, $2.$o and $.roo a
waist pattern. To be placed on special sale this week in lengths lonsr
enough for a waist at §1 .S3 a pattern
On sale at our Market-st. store only.
LOT 3, GOLF SUITINGS — The tremendous popularity of oar $1.25 and
$1.50 plaid back Golf Suitings has left us with a broken assortment,
consisting of Oxford grays and navysi An elegant fabric of very
heavy weight and requires no Jining. Just the thine: tor rainy day,
walking or tramping skirts, fully 56 inches wide. The balance of the
lot on sale to-morrow morning at .: 65c a yard
On safe at our Market-st. store only.
LOT 4, BROCADED VELVETS— Beautiful rich, black, brocaded velvets
with satin ground— a bipr assortment of large and small de^ierns and
an elegant fabric for capes, opera mantles, raglans, etc. Originally
introduced at $2.00 and $2.50 a yard. To be sacrificed to-morrow at
50c a yard
On sale at our Market-st store only.
LACE CURTAINS — us pairs of white and ecru Nottingham lace curtains
were found unexpectedly luring the rummages of stock-taking.
These are 1V2 yards long and in neat although not strictly up : to-date
patterns. It is a good, heavy thread, and they would be auite suit-
able for bedroom windows. We are under the impression that thess
were bought to sell at $1.00 a pair. They will be closed at once at
33c a oa?r
On sale at our Market-st. store only.
ODD LOT OF PILLOW SLIPS— We find we have one line of 45x36 inch
pillow slips which should not be here. They are made of first-class
muslin, thorouehlv bleached. They are well made and the material
is exceptionally eood. Have been selling at 15c. and will be put on
as a special to-morrow at 8 z. m. at 10c each
• On sale at our Market-st. store only.
SOME ODD TABLE COVERS — Not many, but choice — of tapestry, the
good, heavy kind. 56 inches square, in neat shades of olive, blu?. car-
dinal and green. These table covers are reversible and have bern
selling regularly at $2.10. The balance of the lot will be pTaced^cn sale
to-morrow at $l.oO each
On safe at our Market-st store only.
BEDSPREADS — One case of bedspreads to be sold as a special this
week; crocheted Marseilles patterns, hemmed, close weave and all
ready to use— large enough for double beds. Our $1.35 quality on
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
* of railroads. .. . . , ..
Office, 30 THontgomery street. '•
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
San Francisco.
One fc«\1rjf {30.009— 1JM.0O0 to invest can se-
cur« au ini^rfft and directorship in one of
ih- most valuable country «*tat** in California,
embracing over EWO acres, etronp company,
thoroughly and havln/t moet com-
I • 'ret empioy«es. To th» light man a major-
ity of the riork. will b« foM. If def=ir«l. on very
eity .tero>i>, to r»ll»v* present holder of close
mention to the business. Certain conditions
have <jul:» recently developed which make tbia
cr.terprU* specially attractive. Several mil-
lions of dollars can be mrftfe In it within the
next -throe yrara. Full particulars on appli-
cation to
DAVID BUSH & SON,
A Rare Chance for
Eastern Investors.
WANTED!
Hjealth, Profit
and OccupatioQ
in California.
Free trial .packages of a mczt remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the . mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood r that
the Institute, has decided, to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of. sexual weakness
resulting from youthful lolly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at. home.
The remedr has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth. and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving . strength
and development Just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that corns
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
In all cases. A request 'to. the State Med-
ical Institute. 328 Elektron 'building,! Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating. that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free sample will enable them
to sc> how easy it is to be cured of: sex-
ual weakness when -the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute, makes ".no
restrictions. Any man who writes,-, will
be sent a free . sample, carefully sealed
In a plain package, so that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment 'or
publicity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.- -•*.¦; }'r: ••-.:-.'. \:
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
Quickly Restores Lost Viyor
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE-TO MEN!-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
| FLAWLESS FURNITURE
• And Curtains, of the Newest Designs,
% ....OR....
| MOSS - GROWN FURNITURE
S And Curtains with Whiskers — Which Do You Prefer ?
• If you need good, well-made Furniture, strong, sightly,
J stylish, sensible Furniture, up-to-date in every way, but
f WITH PRICES CRUSHED, this is your, harvest^, time,
© and this is }'our store.
0 Furniture lasts a lifetime— at least bur does— it is not
2 discarded every six months or. year. '. "<"' -
J BEWARE of choosing 1 ojid, shop-worn Furniture " at
fr fake prices.
• . COMPARE before you buy— it's your only safeguard.
$ Below will be found some of the bargains on safe at the Big Mission Store:
1 Challenge in A sample challenge.
% Carpets and Rugs. y&tes. yaiubC
• 5TUDY THIS-An assortment of val- & /fiS. ¥ l ncon * #
• ties nowherp oqu.-Ued in California. ' * '•' I / ' I W ' . parable.
O Xo matter WHAT you want, we've ly^^^vX /^~ "Nil
CJ. the l-argains. ]f j \\ If Jw>^
• RROOKDALE WILTON VEL- jt- W/^ /if^V Gt
O VETS- Eerv.ccable. C1 f\f\ !>—^SF-^^ A\ V
beautiful »3I»vJvJ \ (" " ' f x Jl' > V VyJ'^T— "** »
COLT'MBIA INXJRAIXS — Ten new S.\ '/v*N>,\ A^""™^
q patterns, laiect colorings.... KiV «j£ • i \\ //S^ V,
S BROMLEY'S ALL, - WOOL, IN- ' l!SfJ l; '7';'w- P^^^Si^^-^
7 GRAINS. maJ..' to STAXD-ftC/» ",T 1 ¦.'•.; F '¦.''"-' T -;''^«*^" • ' n|
• WEAK OOt • t MW : H : V' l '' tir "" ' 7^
2 PANFORD'S TAPESTRY BRUS- •» V«]ffl' l»$ >.\ ¦'•m-MUi W '
® SELS. in modem designs that CANT rf^sL' '\5> V ' ' J *f" |i
© HELP ploasins vou. a» low 7Hr . * _ . A i *"i 11
• \a l\J<y """ ", " "-jr
• ni Ttf"»^ f For Instance. DEK- *^^
O rCUUO . KAM BRUSSELS
O in choice of Oriental designs— beautl-
© ful colonnss-FOR, S14- 7S <JQ QO THAT IS ALL, FOR
O SAT. SxlOVi rug. at .... C31^«* 0 THIS IRON BED -
q BRUSSELS — Standard quality Oraeeful and strong-, and no "sklmp-
• (think of it) — 6x9 .. CQ O^ in £',^ rlth *£? lroi ,V br , a8S mountea
feet — for vO»*W and thoroughly well painted (there's ¦
9 « \xm TOVS-The colors a difference): 52 inches high, with full
• SriSS. *J£™ N cfcS* S2K ««?• ««« ¦"•¦ AND EN'DS (note
S tSSSteSz^^?. $3 < * 57 «•; the risht time to secure'* BAR-
• BETTER SEE OUR STOCK. GAIN. SEE IT FOR YOURSELF.
• SALE BARGAIN.
g BY FA3 TKE BEST S10.5O S o Uss B -JL _««ste_
0 CKIFF0H1ER BAR- k* .^«^«.;n IS^^^g
har«i vood« (WELL J-l-»- }^^f^Zy^St^J^*!
t GAIN IN THE CITY. J«»g^ z SSSt to , pc^£ ||#3S|fe3
• NOTE THE INSIDE 11 I I fe
© Cf^^* m^n^P7r<^ FINISH of the drawers— II |/R | \ I
O T^4~^^£V'^M hovel-plate mirror. 20x21 H fig! |
• Wtt ' '¦¦¦"' • &i&i*f,ii«n_ inches: its frame and sup- N III,
ft ports neatly scrolled ami \\ run !
• K^nSj^JKH^^I* carved. SPECIALLY M RGfl
ll^^Wv^^ WELL BRACED. It's a H !\|\|
° K^ii.i^Ui'Ji^^* handsome and service- 11 <-I u W
O »€f*r*i?^21^S able dresser and usua.'.y ffi ft 6 6
© fH^-i v^^L^3S^ sells for $14 at the least. Bl flBH. ! I
O ©^ :> i^r^7^; SOME 1RRESISTIBLK HI BfiR ,i V
O Ftj^tttf4qT-ffV > ni'J» BARGAINS AMONG H\ VVV V V _.,
© |$s^J^|' OUR FINER GRADES -
sum — *~*\ —• T ? • o r(l / * '-. 1 S -A Bf '
2 high and 3U& inches VuKT V] 7 j 1 Cl IS
2 v.idp - well ma.le J^-^^gjSfcw- V^. jS?»»*OtiJ
• thruuehcut; built /rL^j M^v • f
W at solid oak. flnishei ' r I.
O er°« d£ properly dov«- | {*=/>&- r^? N IX ORDER TO COM "
g ntn? a i n T- S ra^-o r rR - PLETE a ra -« °< Dining-
5? CHANCE to pet ', "^P^2i_ • ,5—, room Furnishings we offer
• licld of a - ha-rg-afu L -^3*20^**-, . «-'
• that's Incomparable, f <-'-^ x^ JZ -''r^r - : th!s cane-seat DIN1NO
S LINE oi^HlFF^N- '^ £3" CHAIR fiurln^ this sale
• ™u3 > f&£3&SSP& -fctt-iS* X- at $115. It is a regular
BARGAINS among r^iiTi'llin ¦ J^ rTT *-"-| I H 50 chair.
w the higher priced. tis^** 1^ u *
O » , -
g BUT SEE OUR STOCK! f^^^
e tftgS?t)&i^ tjt^O OUrt mATTRESS FACTORY.
C H jflifely ri MATTRESSES— We are the only fur-
0 m w TlS .*• nlture house in San Francisco manu-
• ca • facturlr.g our own mattresses with
• n the new extent mattress machine.
0 - "• Our mattresses are sold under a doe-
a CSI Ot FOR THIS HAND- Itive guarantee, and if not found en-
5 OO«-i*3 SOME AND STRONG tirely HUiafactory may be returned.
2 EXTENSION TABLE. Best hard w ~-_ _ .
• woods, golden oa« finish: top 42x-2 Wote the Prices :
O inches, and extends 6 feet: iega 3H B est Sanitary Cotton-Top Mat-
O inches thick, neatlv fluted and tresses »A. •;<»
O turned SPECIALLY BOLTED at a Mattress madi" of "bist Br'azi
A top. and with neatly carved SIDE Hair «a«: 110
O 55^ CE^' Vou-U Mke it EVEN BET- Genuine Silk 'Flos. Mattress! iS&Ko
S T £*u when l OU S F t ' 'V Tii/-«r-r, Pure G ™y IIail- Mattresses, full
• Challenge bargains in HIGHER weight SiOOtV
9 grades-btst that t made. Best Silrcr Gray Hair ' Matt res'pes.
• Neither price nor finish of Pu're'\vhJte"iiair "Mattresses 'Ahesl
% our high-grade good* would E^^H^k^^i^f^
0 look well 00 paper — but 1 ' H? 1 ?" ••••*•
• they're as bargains. NO HlGHE^-iiut* 'see* Vhe^ofdt* 1 * 0
1 Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets-
BARGAp^rl
200 SHORT ENDS AND
SINGLE PANTS PATTERNS P
ALL WOOL. I
PANTS made to order for ti
•••; • f4JM>. m. $9 I
Former price was $7. $3. $9. M
Also about 200 SUIT LENGTHS, which B
are offered.... f 15.5O. f 17.3O. f2O M
Former price, $30, |25 and $30. H
Perfect lit and best of workmanship" B
guaranteed. Samples sent free. *|
JOE POHEIM, Tiis Tailor, 9
SOI and 203 Montgomery st.. ||
1110 and 1112 Market St. ¦ ~*
SAN FRANCISCO. ?
143 S. Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal. £J
|jQ\iicklj
EnoMgM
H| I am so anxious to JJ
I quit by March I I will Hi
b cut shoe prices deeper |I
I To-morrow I will la
I sell three pairs of La- ||
1 dies' Shoes or Ties for Rl
I My own make of si
I: Men's Shoes, $1.25. If
I I am still selling- W. ll
I L. Douglass' good II
I $5.00, S4.00 and S3.00 g||
If shoes for $2.50. ' *. 11
¦ Early comeFS get the \ |
V "BiCHARD PAHL, jj
¦ - 3t. near Bush, i |
ADVERTISEMENTS.God gives talent; man alone aa» t&a
power to confer fame.
SEATTLE, Feb. 19.— Potty Urn does
not go In the near-by town 'of Chahalis.
This week an organization was formed!
which has sidetracked the lore business.
The girls who constitute the membership
call the organization "The Bachelor
Maids' Clab. The officers are: Presi
dent. Miss Laura Wilson; vice president.
Miss Estella Glasgow; secretary. Mlsa
Edn& Shook; manager. Miss wilheunin&
Fullenlove; treasurer. Miss .Florence
Smith; solicitors— Misses Olive Brsnton
and iHlth Adams.
The members of this club taies & eolemir
oath to allow no bachelor boyv around.
to accept no gifts— not -even 'bonbons—
from any male admirer and to allow not
even the slightest intimation of love-*
making. ' , :•- .; .. ..
The young men, by way of retaliation,
have organized an "Old Bachelor** Clubs." •
CHEHALIS GIRLS
BAR LOVEMAKING
Rev. Burr Millar ¦Weeden. -will betfn his
rectorship of St. Luke's parish on Ash
Wednesday. The services on. that day
will be of a solemn character. At 8
o'clock Dr. Weeden will meet his congre
gation for the first time, and at 11 o'clock
a penitential service will be conducted.
The new rector of the Van Ness avenue
church is one of the few who consider
that a clergyman's education is not com
plete without a thorough knowledge of
elocution. He graduated in 1889 from the
College of Liberal Arts of the Northwest
ern University, receiving the Adelphic and
Kirk prizes for oratory. In 1890 he grad
uated from the Cumnock School of Ora
tory; in 1S92 from the Evanston L>lvinity
School, and from tho Divinity School of
Syracuse, N. Y., in ISM. One year after
that was spent in a post-graduate course
of historical theology under President C.
J. Little at Evanston. 111., and one year In
study and travel In/Europe.
Dr. Weeden wa3 ordained deacon in 1S91
NEW RECTOR WILL
SOON TIKE CHARGE
Th.© Horn© Frienda.
Durinff tho latter part of the current
month two of the councils of tha Chosen
Friends will be reonraa.'zed as the Home
Friends, which has become a successor
of the association, which w»nt out of ex
istence some time aco.
* One of Our Colleges.
Th« t!m« haa come when a maa it beat
fitted for life when h« ha**a trad*. Th» plac«
to learn a trade is in oar achoota and ©ol
lMtes The Ban Francisco branch of Th» Moler
By«tem Barber and Halrdresslni Cojlecea wu
••tabll«h«d two year* ago at 63S CUy •treet
Their different departments are arranged with
every convenience for the students' advantage.
By lssulne free tickets to the charitable insti
tutions they secure constant practice. Their
iy.tem of teaching is thorough. They furnish
lecture* on dermatology. They teach ladle*
halrdr«B*lnr. manicuring and facial »«"?*«•
which makes their sradWsmor.. filled In
their work. Their students become mor« pro
ficient in two months than is possible in two
years' apprenticeship In a shop.
and priest In 18S5 by the Bishop of Central
New York. His first ministerial charge
was at Sacketts Harbor. N. T.. and for
nearly two years past he has been at Sa«
Jose, where his work was pronounced »at-
He will be gladly welcomed to his new
pastorate. He succeeds Rev. Dr. Garrett.
who Is now In Michigan trying to recuper
ate bis health.
Proves Self-Defense.
TACOMA, Feb. 16.— The ¦ jury to-day
brought In a verdict of acquittal in' the
case of : Goodwin Christiansen, the long
shoreman, on trial for murder for having
shot and killed another longshoreman on
the wharf of the Old Town mill on De
cember 10. The theory of self-defensp
was sustained by the verdict, the Jury
having been out only twenty mlnutaa.
COME TO DIE THROUGH I
: :;:their own carelessness
Verdict of the Coroner's Jury in th.9
Cases of Mrs.. Eliza Montgom
ery and Henry McNutt. .
The Coroner's Jury yesterday rendered
verdicts in two «ases of accidental deaths,
finding that the" unfortunates were to
blame for their own taking off.
The first case was that of Eliza.Mont
gomerj 1 , a widow Co years "old.- who was
run over and killed by an express warren
driven by Henry Stallman last Thursday.
The Jury returned a verdict that the un
fortunnte woman "cameto her death ac
cidentally through her own carelessness,
and we exonerate the driver of the wagon
from all blame."$5»iB|f ¦¦-¦.¦¦¦• ,
Tho other case was that of Henry Mc-
NuXt. a painter who fell from a scaffold
Into a bed of cement and broke his back.
The verdict wns that "he came to- his
death from c-aiPlessness on his part In
erecting the scaffold."
SHORNEOBN SAYS TTTS
VVIJTH WHiIi NOT WOB.K
Capitalist Files a Peculiar Answer
to the Complaint in a Divorce
Suit. V*
SEATTLE, Feb. 16.— Louis- K. Shorn
born hiis filed his answer to the complaint
for a divorce filed by his wife, Minnie 1C
Shornborn, on :, the. ground of ' abandon
ment. .In the answer Mr. Shornborn says
that a.bout December 2 hls\ wife com
menced a series of frivolous complaints
against him, which -Increased in severity
until January 1, when he left. He says
that his wife refused to work, and that
she said she would not soil . her : hands
and get them cracked , by washing .dishes.
She acpused him of 'being'" igornant and
having used bad manners by : leaving the
table without saying • "excuse me." in
her complaint Mrs. Shornborn -says the
defendant is worth $45,000.
sessment work, there -would be rome re-'
sultant good to the real miner. The sug
gested amendments have long been advo
cated by legitimate mining Interests.
The bill introduced by Senator Stewart
proposing changes in the United States
mining laws and resulting criticism
called out the foregoing.
The Secretary of the- Interior haa
reversed a recent ruling of the Gen
eral Land Commissioner concerning
locations of claims across claims
previously patented. The latter had
refused patent to a Gilpln County,
Colo., company on the ground that some
of its location lines were laid within or
upon other patented lode claims. The Sec
retary holds that extralateral rights are
often the most, valuable rights obtained
in a lode location, and that exterior lines
of a location are not, in themselves, prop
erty, but are mere boundaries or Instru
ments of description, and that the Junior
locator has the right, when necessary, to
place end lines on other patented claims.
John Hays Hammond. Jeff Doolittle and
others have bonded 2000 acres of land nine
miles east of Marysvllle on a continuation
of the old Smartsville channel and will
there dredge for gold.
The Marysvllle Democrat says: -
There afe many places' In the upper half of
Tuba County where gold can be had In paying
quantities by the expenditure of a small
amount of money. Thl* has been demonstrated
on many occasions In the past, particularly In
New York and Northeast townships. Thr«e
years ago the editor of the Democrat was in
the vicinity of Strawberry Valley, and went
to a spot of ground on the side of a ravine
where a young man dug out a little more than
H00 In nuggets, ranging from U and }2 to $28
each. The surface worked over was not larger
than an ordinary miner's cabin, where later
he found more gold. Near where' L,. W. Clark
found a pocket of gold last Sunday at Racker
by there have been several notable and val
uable finds of the same class or similar. This
writer saw about $9000 In eold that was taken
•ut of a pocket of decomposed rock near Han
sonville. .some of It being in sheets not thicker
than window glass, where it was found In the
seams free of Quartz. This discovery 1 was by
R. M. Johnson, an old and respected citizen,
who still resides near Rackcrby. • .
A deed has been placed on record
In the County Recorder's . office in
Tuolumne County in which tho Tu
olumn© ' Consolidated Mining Com
pany transfers to the Providence
Consolidated Gold Mining Company,
for a consideration of $50,000, a long list
of mines in' east belt, about two miles
from Carters. ¦ E. A. Wiltsee. the presi
dent of the Tuolumne Consolidated Min
ing Company, is named as one of the
stocholders, possessing 4600 shares, while
Alexander Granger figur«s as the secre
tary.
Following are the properties disposed of:
Consuelo, Bullion, Good Enough, Polar
Star, Fair Play, Southern Cross, After
Thought, Providence, Belcher (sometimes
known as the Lucy), mining claims; Inde
pendent, located as a tunnel site; also a
right-of-way over the Spring Hill, Bunker
Hill and Independent mines, and a privi
lege for a pipe line, ditches and dumping
ground on the Blue Jay mine; together
with all other property, water rights and
privileges.
Eastern mining Journals believe that the
transfer of the controlling Interest in the
Southern Pacific Company to the Union
Pacific will, result in good to the coast
miners. This idea is based on the past
policy of the Union Pacific There are
certainly many grievances of which the
miners of California have complained
when dealing with the Southern Pacific
Company. Claims have been abandoned
because the owners thereof could not af
ford to pay the freights Imposed upon
them. This is an old story to Califor
nians, but may be new enough to the Un
ion Pacific management to carry to It a
hint that the conditions of the past can
be greatly improved and to the advan
tage of both the mining interest and the
transportation lines. For Instance, the
Engineering and Mining Journal, pub
lished in New York, talcing a long dis
tance view of the miners under the new
regime, says:
The Union Paclflo ' people have usually
shown a disposition to encourage the Interest!
tributary to their road. It is to b« hoped
that the narrow policy of looking only to im
mediate profit and exacting the highest pos
sible rates— which the Southern Pacific Com
pany has persistently followed under the Hunt
lngton management— will be abandoned for ft
more liberal and far-sighted plan.
In this wish there will be no exceptions
among the miners of the Pacific Coast:
On all sides the opinion is held that the
year 1901 ought to be exceptional in a min
ing way in California, There will be wat
er enough in all sections. The drouth In
Southern California, which has lasted
some years, has been effectually broken
during the present winter. The miners
of the south are as happy over the out
look as are those in the northern tier of
counties. It is true that there is ao much
snow in certain places that mining has
come to a temporary standstill, but the
promise of the future is so good that there
is no tendency to grumble. It has been
really snowing $20 pieces* In the high
mountains the snowfall hajs been very
heavy and as the weather has been cold
there are excellent chances that the snow
will pack finely and will not melt until
summer, which is the ideal condition.
The heavier the snow, ao the interior pa
pers are truthfully remarking, the longer
the mills will be able to run. "Every
thing," says the Stockton Independent, "Is
humming in mining circles."- This is the
general idea all along the line.
The figures of the United States Bureau
of Statistics reveal some striking facts
concerning the value of the mining Indus
try of this country to tne world at large.
Twenty-eight per cent of the total domes
tic exports of the United States last year
originated beneath the surface of the
earth In mines, or more than one-quarter
of the entire volume.
The Mohave Miner is reasoning that the
copper belt of Arizona covers the entire
territory from the northern border to the
Gulf of California. The evidence that is
adduced to support this glittering theory
is as follows:
On the north side of the Colorado River are
several of the greatest copper mines in tha
¦West, and. following this are the United Verde
and Globe mines, and on the International
border are the Ajo mines. To the west of the
general trend of the copper belt are the mines
of the Bill Williams fork, which are proving
to be good deposits. The Miner predicts that
Arizona is destined to become the greatest
copper-producing: territory on earth.
In the Superior Court in Shasta County
a decision was . recently rendered by
Judge Sweeney which involved the own
ership of placer property located by the
defendants, upon which the plaintiffs sub
sequently riled a quartz location, claim
ing that discovery had been made of a
vein or lode of sufficient extent and value
to make the ground valuable for quartz
mining purposes. Suit was brougnt to
establish the title of the plaintiffs' con
tention as against the validity of the
placer location. The Judge held in favor
of the defendants, laying it down that,
although a vein did exist, development
work had been insufficient to warrant
any reasonable person in working it for
a profit as a quart* proposition. The
placer location was, therefore, confirmed.
The case had been in the court two years.
C. W. Riest of Red Bluff believes that
he has discovered the secret of saving
fine gold. A machine that be has Invent
ed will do the work, he says. He will
try some experiments on tho river north
of Red Bluff, using a steam engine for
motive power.
A correspondent of the Amador Ledger,
who signs himself "A Practical Miner,
suggests that the mines which have been
considered to be west of the mother lode,
the Peerless and the Klrkwood, may be
on the real mother lode. His reasoning
is attracting some notice) in tho papers
published in the mining counties. His
communication is as follows:
This section of country between the Jackson
Creek end the Mokelumr.e River, although in
nearly a direct line between two great gold
producers, remalnR, with the exception of a
few tunnels and prospect holes, almost virgin
ground. •
The formation of the ground through which
they have been Kinking, strengthened by the
fact that thrse mines are situated in a natural
openlnc between eaid producers, is certainly
evidence that they might be In the right chan
nel. Ami again, for. (he Gwln ledge to paus
east of this belt it would have to turn easterly
and cut across a section of hard country rock.
It 1r not probable that a. vein with a gouge
would do this. The natural way would be
for it to run parallel with the hard rock; then
If such was the case the Gwln lode would run
up Hlaclc Gulch and through to the Kennedy.
Should those interested in these properties
poeseKft the necessary pluck characteristic of
all thorough prospecting, they will undoubtedly
demonstrate that their judgment has not been
far from right. As to the Peerless and Klrk
wood there /can be no doubt that they are
both on the fame belt' because there is only
one slate running through this locality. Pos
sibly they are on different sides of . it, still
even though they were they would' get their
mineral from the fame source, ¦ thereby making
them practically the same thing.
"If bills were -passed," 'says the Scien
tific and Mining Press, *'by the United
States Congress repealing the 'apex* and
'extralateral' features of mining locations
making their limits' vertical side and end
lines, making all locations conform to le
fyil subdivisions of United States surveys,
obliging locators to complete $S(K) worth
of improvements and make application for
patent within flvo years from date of lo
cation and an amendment not allowing
relocating of claims to avoid annual as-
Current Progress Points to Exten
sion of Field of Mining
Enterprises on the
Coast.
Ample Supply of Water Is
in Sight for a Long
Season.
SNOW IS PACKED
UPON MOUNTAINS
Many Indications of Interest in Home
Product Are Manifest and
Exploitation Goes On
Actively. \ .
The California oil fields evidently have
the confidence of the people of this State
in preference to those ot any other local
ity, although there is a movement on
foot in which- Californians are concerned
for the exploitation of oil lands in Mexico.
There are also companies ana individuals
that may seek fortunes In the 1 oil oJ
Texas. These places are so far away
that the majority of California Investors
will -undoubtedly pin their hopes of real
izing gain to California. Every week,
just as It has been for a long period, navir
companies are organized to drill in Call-
fornla.
The general controversy between the
Bcrlppera and the placer locators of min
eral lands has had ono gopd effect. Soma
companies that had uncertain titles to
lands have dropped out of the arena, leav
ing the struggle for wealth to those thut
are, literally 6peaklne. eolidly. grounded.
There is more briskness in proceeding to
actual work on all sides. If there are aot
many fortunes added 10 those already de
rived from oil it will rot be the fault of
the army of men engaged In piercing tha
soil in Quest of oil <5a.ids.
It is possible, as suesested by the En
gineering and Mining Journal, that tho
discovery of the great Texas gusher at
Beaumont, in Jefferson County, will stim
ulate tne wide exploitation of the State of
Texas, especially in the counties of Or
ange. Chambers, liberty. Hardin. Tyler.
Jasper, Newton. Angelina, San Augustine.
Sabine and Nacogdocnes. Some oil has
also been found In Nacogdoches County.
The earliest operations in Texas were in
that county. As far back as 1868 thera
were oil discoveries there. Ten years ago
there was a pipe line connecting the wells
at Oil Springs with the railroad at Nacog
doches. Oil has also recently been found
in Starr County, near the Rio Grande
River, In the southern part of the State, «.
little west of the Corsicana tield. The
present operations in Texas are confined,
mottly, to the counties of Navarro tin
which is the Corsicana field), also to >a
co&doches. Jefferson, which includes Beau
mont and Sour Lake, and Bexar.
Some Interest will be manifested con
cerning the statistics of the oil output of
Texas, which are supplied by the ii.engi
neerine and Mining Journal. In 1SS3 tne
totai. output of Texas was only forty
eight barrels and the output never reached
lw bairels in any one year until 1»95, when
the total production was 1450 barrels. Then
came a big increase. The following year.
1S97, the output amounted to 65,975 barrels.
This was multiplied ninefold in 1S98. in
round figures the total being 54(5,070 bar
rels. In 1SS9 the total was 6b9,013 barrels,
in 19'V) the figures were 956,000 barrels. In
cluding the great gusher at Beaumont and
the Corsicana field, the total for 1901 may
be 4.OU0.WO barrels and possibly more.
Many Kastern persons who visited Beau
mont went home without investing there,
They assign as reasons that land had
been Jumped to $SOJ and $1000 per acre in
that vicinity and also that no lease could
be obtained without giving one-quarter
and one-third royalties.
Berkelev has a new oil company. The
holdings consist of 160 acres on the Flood
ranch in Contra Costa County, adjoining
the Miner ranch, where two wells are
drilling.
Oil is still reported to be going to waste
in the Sunset district because of the lack
of proper tankage. The stormy weather
and bad roads have prevented the deliv
ery of tanks that have been constructed.
The Los Angeles Stock Exchange is .on
dfavoring to have an exhibition of the
petroleum of the southern fields made at
the Pan-American Exhibition at Buffalo
Tweive new locations of oil claims were
filed at Red Bluff last Saturday. Some
of the locators are interested in all the
claims then filed.
A second company has been organized
to drill for oil near Chlco and has con
tracts for the purchase of 5000 acres of
land.
The St. Helena Star reports the lease
of 320 acres of land near Knoxvllle to
prospectors for oil. The terms are one
eiphth royalty, drilling to begin within
five months.
The Standard Oil Company is drilling
three wells and deepening another on the
property recently purchased from the Pa
cific Coast OH Company at Newhall.
Mendoclno County, so says the Ukiah
Dispatch-Democrat, has invested $50,000 in
oil within the past few months, "and
every man. woman and child who has any
loose change is ready to buy oil stocks."
Fakers went Into Glen Ellen and sold
something like $30,000 worth of oil stock
and then set a day when they would* be
gin operations. They failed to appear on
time and the people have concluded they
have been robbed through a confidence
game.
The committee to find a plan for the or
ganization of an oil exchange at Hanford
has reported and the exchange may be a
reality soon.
The figures of the business of the year
ending February 1, on the Oil Exchange
at I^os Angeles, are as follows: Shares
sold 3,17S.531 1 ,£; value of shares sold.
Sl.09C.034 IS.
Tho oil men of Summerland are etlll
working: on their scheme for an associa
tion for protective purposes to handle all
Oil produced in the district and to regu
late the price. ~,, „ .
Because the Union Oil Company refused
to furnish a report of its monthly pro
duction the Los Angeles Stock Exchange
struck its stock from its list and brokers
were warned not to sell it.
The rains have interfered with work in
Humboldt County and in several other lo
calities to which sprinc will brins re-
newed activity.
The Secretary of the Interior will hoar
the contest between the scrlppers and the
mineral locators of oil lands next month.
The Colusa Herald pays four new wells
•will be drilled In the western part of Co
lusa County, in the Sulphur Creek vicin
ity. Two wells are being drilled in the
Sand Creek country. A part of the ma
chinery for the four new wells is at "Wil
liams. .
A tract of 4S0 acres of land has been lo
cated for oil in Potter Valley by Surveyor
McMurty and other? of Sutter County.
Work in San DleKQ County, which was
suspended on account of the rain, is about
to be resumed. " -
J. T. Flynn of this city, who has been
recently in the Indiana Held, has tha fol
lowing to say of interest: "Indiana's
product has the same h<*at producing ca
pacity as the average California oil, but
it has to compete with coal worth a dol
lar a ton. which reduce? its fuel value to
2n cents per barrel, while the California
oil comes into competition with coal at
from $C to S10 per ton. For this reason
the production of a million barrels of oil
per day in Indiana or in Texas could not
affect the value of the California product.
If the producer* in Indiana and Texas
were to deliver their product absolutely
free for shipment the railroads could not
draw it to California for its gross fu,el
value."
Texas Is Not Competitor to
Supply California With
Fuel Oil.
DERRICKS RISE
IN NEW FIELDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY -'17, 1901.
20
Directory
__of__
Reputable
Companies:
To-morrow $5 men's Alas'ra sea! shoes
for J1.00. Shoe Trust. Sale. V17 Market St. •
THE WELLINGTON*
OF SUNSET-PHOVEX OIL LAND, f
Ccntrcle 440 acre*. Are drillinu. Some etock
ls>t*elns sold at 60c per ehare. Information and
rro»r>ectus furn!*h»!(J on application. No. i.
tJecond Floor. Mill» BuUClng, San Fraacl«co.
BTnUCK OIL at 200 feet on the en me ranch
and just adjoinirir our property. We have a
few shares left for rule at 2.1 CENTS PER
FHAHK. Csrltal 300,000 rhares $1 00 each.
Maehlnny ready to drill. DKT CRUDE OIL
CO.. room C. tth Boor. Mills bid*.. S. F.
SAUNAS OIL AKD DEVELOPMENT CO.
JSSO ACRKS IN MONTEREY COUNTT.
TWll down 300 feet: small amount of treasury
rtock at Xic per chare. ProtpectuF nnd map
rnJ in'orraation on application. J. B. OLSEN,
Secretary. r '"* Parrott building;, San Franclfco.
NORMAL OIL COMPANY.
Ktock non-asKeesable. Lands In Monterer and
Fsn i,u'.s Oblspo counties. Email amount ot
etock now eellJrs at 3Cc. Pro»pectu« and Infor-
mation en application. NORMAL COMPANr,
£64 Parrott butldlnc, F. F.
Investors' Assured Stock
la a company owslnr producing vrelL
20c Per Ehare.
Write cr call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 477 Parrott Bnildlnr
GREAT AMERICAN OIL AND DEVELOP-
."WBNT CO.
Stcck SOc Inter Xos OH & Dex-elnproent Co.
¦tock 2Sc. Landi In Monterey and Kern coun-
tie*. Prospectus and Information at office of
MOFLHTTER & ALLEX, CCS and 56« Parrott
bulldlnc. 6. F.
l~0_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Portal of Entry.
Influenza, or the Grip.— Caus«d by one
cf the smallest known bacilli: discovered
In ; 1S92 by Canon and ; Pfetffer. Infection
spreads by tho scat terinsr aboyt by air
currents of the dried T»asal and bronchJal
necretion of those suffering from th© dis-
ease, and its portal of ontry Is by the) nose
and bronchial tubes.— N. Y. Sun. '
• The use of Dr. Humphreys* Specific "Tl"
destroys the bacilli or germs and breaks
up the Grip or Cold, while Its toniclty sus-
tains the flagging energies during and af-
ter the attack. . '
At all drugstores, 25c. or mailed.
CTTocket Manual mailed free.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co., cor.
William and John sts.. New York.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KPR.V KIVER DISTRICT.
Oil absolutely r«re: teart of producing sec-
tion. Drllllnc; be in oil sands In 13 days.
Email amount treasury flock. COc. Write for
proyj>ertus or call. 2S3 Parrott bids.. 8. F.
ESMERALDA
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO — Laa<5« in San
Jler.it.-> County. Small block cf treasury stock
for sa>. SI. Prospectus on application and ln-
forrr.aucn funiithed at office of A. KINGS-
BURY. 165 Parrott Bulldtnc Ban Francieco.
Lands In heart ct Kern River Dist.; owns 320
acres; lOC.Of'O chares capital stock; limited
• mount of treasury stock for sale at 75 cents.
Write or call for Information and r<roi<p«;otuR.
CHAP. CON KLIN. Sec Genl. office, CC7 Market.
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
LAXDS AT McKITTRICK.
Email block of etock at 13c; price will be
aCvar.eca to ICc March V If you want a. ground
floor rropoeStlon where the, company m*an bu«l-
Dees. here It Is.
Prospectus and Information furnished on ap-
plicatlcn.
EL MEDIA OIL CO..
Bafe DepoeJt L!ulld!ng. 22S Montgomery et.
Can Francisco, Cat
EL FViEDIA OIL CO.
OOLUSA CONSOLIDATED OIL and REFIN-
ING CO.— Owns 4(14 acres 8 miles west of Ar-
fcuck!e, Colusa County, in the heart of the oil
district. Paraffin* bate oil. Limited amount of
etock at 25c; 30.CCO Fhares sold In 10 days. In-
fnrrr.ation *nd prospectus furnished. Office CC
Montgomery street, entrance room 8.
CALIFORNIA FORTUNE OIL CO.
SO acres in Eun*et. 60 acres In McKlttrlck
and 320 acres In Coaiinpa. Are now drilling
In Sur.s<*t. Limited amount of stock at 50c.
Information and prospectus furnished on appli-'
catinn to K. DEN'ICKE. Secretar> - . at office
of company. 614 Parrctt bldg.. San Francisco.
Tfae best Whiskey made in Scotland
ANDREW USHER
0. V. G,
Is t* eKiissi itt Tcrli ere: cf Tlt3
Utr:ia:tz zzt Ztt'.zrz
VHUIAM Y/OLFF & CD., sas FEiKar.
Pacific Coarr pr.r™-'-
SPECIAL RESEBVF
AND
; ONLT TO BE HAD JN
I EAX FRANCISCO AT
! 50 THIRD ST.,
I Etcond Shoe Store From Market.
SI sterung^ Sterliria Furniture ™™«% |j
Paying for a houscfull of furniture is only another -way of starting a banlqaccount.4 $ Sc
& V l " * Hall Rack ~$1O.'OO ' ~* gj
S»7.-5° buvs this han <* somc Made of polish=d quarter- Your choice of Golden Oak or Tj 5k
[0 Polished Oak Sideboard. It is'6ft. sawed oak. A rare opportunity Mahogany - Finished Birch hand; El
Qs^ • 5in. high, and 42 inches wide. to give grace and finish to your polished. *<^J,
fig The top drawer, "e hdtfcr . small outlay handsomcl j . SJ
S§ three graceful sweeps. ¦ One drawer This hall stand is 6ft. loin. w . , x^A\r,r, \Jaw* 9&
lW is plaTh lined. French plate mirror, high, has French plate mirror T^', * te^ JS * W
. <*2*L 'I—, . . J r . ., j , _ r , tangle 01 intricate scroll wori. iCl J i
¥£* The picture is a truthful one but and receptacle for overshoes & >&
S even then you'll find the sideboard under the seat. Notice the gracefully ihipcd nl)
K just a little better than picture aid Worth more? Yes, considerable arms. This rocker u larger tad "¦ 5Q
description leads you to expect. more. heavier than most rockers.
Sjs£ Last week we told you about Golden A«h Bed- We "make the best upholstery you can buy. For !Sa
»V room Suites for $15. We sold lots of them and that reason its the cheapest. You can buy uphols- £&)
are willing to sell lots more at the , \ , . ' ' ¦ tery in lots of places around town 5»f
g£ same tempting price. No one day I w.'a b. s i.d to hur. I for less money-Eastern upholstery
g or on^ week specials at our store. S?." Y©«"e»n C S£XK |«t-aboat-a-month kind. We make
;, 3; We advertise all-tKc -time prices. th«paymentsto«uityour ourown. Its strone and made tolas; 3(
'T* "* '' ¦-¦¦¦¦ - « . I convenience I ° pr
I Sterling Furniture Company I
; g Telephoxe South SCO 1O39 MarHet Street Open Eventxgs El
ADVEBTIEEMENTS.
-"* " ~~ ': ~ X ' : '' ¦ AJVEBTISmn fiMTB. _. : . _ _,__ ¦ -'- - ¦¦-«¦-¦ <¦¦»¦ ¦TO SAIL.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA QRANQE.
'• Floating. Tar in the Bay.
A warrant -was .issued by 'Judge Fritz
yesterday for the arrest of Samuol Xanh-
To-morrow $3 men's Alaska seal" shoes
for SUO. Shoe Trust Sal«. 717 Market St. •
BIG TESTATES APPRAISEn>— Jhe r Inventory
and appraisement of the estate of the late Kmil
D. '. Rosenbauni* was . filed^yeaterday.s George A.
Burton;; J. M. Ellis and' SaraUeUPolack,; the ap
praisers; nnd the value of the est*a£a,to be $238,
312 25." Jacob Drossner's estate has been ap-
Dralsed at 170.99 7 2i .-- • .' * JSKRKBSMjaBSTCIMi
DIVORCE SUITS FILED-Sult* for dt-rorc*
were filed yesterday by Caroline Walsh a«alnst
Martin Walsl) for failure to provide, CecilU
Gunther against Charles Gunther for failure to
provide. Jonn M. Col«man against Mabel Cole
man for desertion, Mahel F. Lanstry airalnst
George F. Langtry for cruelty. Amanda D.
Merrbi against Arthur I* Merrln tor desertion
and Marie Tardlf against Clary Tardlf for faJI
ure to provide.
If you do, the. opportunity will {-be, for
you to-morrow;^ 1000 > p'alrs;. of , '15^' genuine
Alaaka^seal shoes for trieri .will' be 1 sold for
only J1j90 a-pair. .- Every pair liWlll be- sold
at th« Shoe Trust-<SaledOf the Bee: Hive
Shoe Co., 717 Market street,. near Third. • =
Do You Wear Shoes?
KINGS RIVER. AT RED MOUNTAIN,
;'A description of the Argyl.buildlng.'Mc-
Allister street, near Larkln,Vwh|ch- has
been so^ beautifully fitted out with <1ie
most' modern furniture/ carpets and' dra
peries by the Pattoslen Co., has been
mailed - to the- Duke of Argyl." " The I Duke
Has been so well pleased that one. of ¦ the
finest buildings In .this city has been
named after, him that, ho In return sends
preetlnRS to San Francisco. "He. promises
to -send an oil paintlnjc of his.- which .will
be : placed In. the reading-room, and the
g^me no doubt wlirbc an ornament to the
building. -;' ¦- '':". ¦; : .. *
The Duke Sends < Greetings.
Sanner Clothing Co. of Chicago and re
tailed for $13 to $20; made of all-wool ma
terial in dark and light effects of cheviot
and tweeds. -In gray, olive and mixtures;
slrigle or double breasted; cut in the very
latest styles. - Look at the windows. The
suits "are exhibited and will be sold for
$6.85 a suit at the Clothing Assignee Sala
of the Boston, 773 Market street, near
Fourth. •
P. C. Kelly, Assignee of the Boston
Clothing- Co., 775«Market St..
Will sell to-morrow 500 men's suits for
IS.85 a suit. These suits were mado by the
months' leave of absence to visit London,
Fr 1 tr ' * -< * " -
Lieutenant Harloe. acting executive of
ficer of the naval militia, has recently had
the Marion put in first-class shape in ac- t
cordance with suKg-estions made in a re- '
port of the condition of that vessel re
cently presented-r . • •
J. .IT. Jordan has. been elected captain;
W. E. .AVesher- first and W. Costello sec
ond lieutenant of Company E, First In
fantry Regiment. V .
Regiment. \ .
• The court-martial that had before it the
case of Colonel Thomas .F. O'Neil, First
Infantry.' • charged" with having signed , a
report' of parade j that was not in accord
ance r with the facts, closed its labors yes
terday. The greater "portion of the. ses
sion was taken up ; in the reading of " the
ctestlmonyithat was taken upon'. the trial
of Captain ¦ Nlppert "•: for having ' made ¦ a
false parade report.'
The defense of the accused: colonel was
that. he. was aware that Captain Nlppert's
rnen. had not paraded ;,as|' an' lndlyidual
company, but' -had' paraded In with Com
pany K and that. in accordance,' with an
old-time- custom,:, which has become an
unwritten'-lawMn" the guard;^that :when
one company paraded with . another • It
was considered- that- the company had
pnraded, he ' signed . the consolidated re
port. •;. The members of the court "will
make their • return / through the 'proper
ch&nnels. ' • ' . J ®f'*tfl,W!>tii&@#3& *¦«?!
n Lieutenant 'Alberger of the naval militia
has ;been granted a - ninety days* leave of
absence" to enable him to' go* to ""Australia.
*• Lieutenant Henry -Peterson of the First
Division,- N. .? M., ; has applied : for three
O'NUI COTJBT-MAB-TIAX
HAS; ENDED ITS WORK
Notes of the Naval Militia Election
• • in Company E,' First Infantry V
tute of San. Francisco will celebrate Young
Men's Institute day on the anniversary
of the birth of Washington by a grand
*musical and literary entertainment in the
Metropolitan Temple.. Following is the
programme -that has been arranged, for
the occasion.
Overture, lercnade. Smith's . Orchestra; ¦ In
troductory remarks by Robert Tobln. president
of. the. board at management; address by Frank
J..~ Klerce, president of the evening; piano se
lections. Professor Martinez; -sorrano solo; Mtss
Kittle McShane; baryton* solo.,, Oscar Frank;
cornet solo,' W. 'Beach; address by Benjamin
Ide - Wheeler, president of the University of
California, -on "The Youn^'Man's Duty to the
State".; ppoular airs by the orchestra; recita
tion. . Miss C. R. Johnston ; tenor - solo. J. R.
Desmond; contralto solo. Mlsa Ella V. McClos
key, and morche du depart by. the orchestra.
Admlssl6nto the temple- will be by card,
and such may be obtained on application
at "the headquarters of, the association In
the Pioneer building, 24 Fourth street. ¦ •
Will Hold Its Annual Reunion on
Anniversary of Birth of^;:;.
.....;
The councils of the Young Men's Insti-
GRAND CELEBRATION .BY . . ;
YOUNG MEN'S • INSTITtrTE
thaly, superintendent of the Equitable
Gas Company, for allowing tar to run
Into the bay in violation of a city ordi
nance. ' It la claimed that the tar floats
on top of the water and sticks to the hulls
of yachts and other vessels, having the
effect of Impeding their progress through
the water..
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT. OAKDALE.
Fo'lowlnp '¦ R 'statement of the estimated
flow "ot- certain 'California -rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, on.e eecond j foot
equaling' 50* California miner's Inches, or about
<0 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J ' B. • LipPlncott. hydrographer of the
United 'States Geological Survey:'
Flow, of Rivers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogrftphlc Office, ' U. 8. K.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
Febfuary 16, 1901.
The time ball on th« tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I e at noon of the 120th meridian, -or" at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich tlme.^ g^^J
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
¦ The T'nited State? army transport Sheri
dan pot. away for the Philippines yester
day f hortly after the neon h/>ur. Owing to
th<* r.on-arrival of Captain Baldwin the
vessel had to be detained forty minutes
In <vrd*r that he and his ba«rgra«:a ehoUid
rot be left behind. The Sheridan took
away the First Battalion of the Twenty
pixth Infantry and the First Battalion of
the 1 Twenty-seventh. Infantry, 130 recruit*
for other r^rlments. and several members
• if'fhp hospital corps, a. nnmber o£ COTi 
trari. doctors, -pomft aimy nurses ana
E2/W00 In gold coin. The money Is in
tr-ndf-d for the pay of the soldiers in the
Philippine*. • .. ¦ / 'v ~
Accid<!nt8 on the Front.
Jack Tjern«y, who lives at 653 Third
Ftre^t, mrt with a eerioun accident yes
terday. He fell into th e hold of the fteanu
SHERIDAN SAILS FOE MANILA.
Takes Aw»y Battalions of the 26th
. > • and 27th Infantry.
THE Sonoma ef the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's mall line between
here and Australasia has estab
lished a r.ew record. She made the
run from here to Sydney, X. S.
"W.. in nineteen days fifteen hours, or one
day and a half ahead of her contract time
and the same ler.gih of time ahead of the
record set by the Mar!posa on her last
voyage. The time of buth vessels includes
el! £toj>s.
The Sonoma met with very heavy weath
er between bwe and Honolulu, neverthe
less the irip was made In five days four
teen hours. There was considerable delay
at the Hawaiian port and the mall boat
was behind time leaving port. She ran
like a "scared deer.* say the men on the
Sirrra between Honolulu and Pago Pago,
Basso*, and when Auckland. N. Z.. was
reached the mall was eighteen hours
hhead cf time.
The run from San Francisco to Apck
lar.d. including all etops. had been made
n sixteen days fifteen hours.
T^f- run from Auckland to Sydney hs.s
been always figured on as a three day3
twelve hours run, but the Sonoma did it
:r. •rrf-e days or less Knd arrived at her
ce=t;r.a:ion on the 15th Inst. thlny-slx
boon ahead of her contract time.
Ccnei'ierinfc all that had to bo contended
with and the fact that the Sonoma is
practically on her maiden voyage the rec
onl is a "remarkable o:ie. When she ar
rived here from Philadelphia new circu
lating pumps had to be put in and the
-machinery overhauled. Chief. Engineer A.
I). Liu!e and Assistant Chief Church
worked lik*» troorers and when the Sono
ma left hf-re she was in Eplendid ehape.
From h. re to Honolulu it is about 2100
Dalles, from Honolulu to Pago Pajro about
2270 dUm. from Papo Paeo to Auckland
about ISC9, and from Auckland to Syd
r.^y about !><> miles. Leaving out of ac
rnr:r.t the fact that the Sonoma was dc
talnr-d kbout twelve hours at Honolulu.
jh«t it tr.r,ic her fix hours to enter and
cl«*ar at I'ag') Pag-o and that she- was
nrnhaHy twdv hours or more at Auck
land, the magnificent mall boat averaged
STO knots a flay. I^eavir.ff out her hours
of d«t^r.tion and .^he must hava averaged
over CM km>i!- or a continuous epeed of
about Fixteon knots- an hour. F'or a
brand new ship it Is a record to be proud
of.
SHANGHAI— Arrived- prior to Feb 1»— Nor
stmr Norman Isles," from Portland. "
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Feb IS— Jap
stmr Hongkong Maru. hence Jan 24.
Sailed Frb 14-Stmr Olympla, for Taeoma,
NANAIMO— Sailed Feb 1«— Stmr MIneola. for
rort Los Angela*. ; , -— •
HISAQUA— Arrived Feb 15— 6chr Balnbridg»,
from Port Blakelry. , . -...*V,=
lUKILA-Arrived.Peb'll-fNor etmr Thyra,
from Astoria. •-;,:.- * • . .• :.
8YDNKT— Arrived prior to Feb 16— Br ship
City of Haokow, from Port- Blakeley.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS
hen^^b* T AlTlVed Feb 18 - Schr Marion.
Se^nVu SHKI^ Lr> ~ L * UnChe<1 Feb 1 *~ s<:hr Ja "
JS"^!?. B^-PM!*d out •Feb 1«-Btmr Rob
ppi^rV™." 1 -. 8 " 1 " 1 *' for San Franclnco.
-« E i Ta LE 7- A «rived Feb 15-6hip Two Broth
«r«. n<mce Jan 31.
FnfnrT* Feb ls ~ Stmr Mackinaw, for Ban
PORT I/)s ANGEI,ES-Sailed Feb lfr-Stmr
Zenlandia, for Honolulu. •
EUREKA-Arrlved Feb 1«-Stmr Eureka.
henc« Feb 15.
Failed Feb lS-Schr Mary Buhne. for San
Francipro. , .
ASTOIUA-Arrlved Feb 16— Strnm Despatch
and Jeanne. h«>4ce Frb IS; »chr Louis, hence
Fob 4; bktn Chehalin. from Honolulu.
SAN* DIEGO— Hailed Feb 16— Nor stmr Ber-
Kenhus. /r,r &un Francisco. v
PORT ULAKELEY- Arrived Feb 1&— Schr
Ivudiow, from Ban Pedo; bktn J It Stanford,
from Honolulu. < ¦
Sailed Feb lS-Rchr E K Wood, for HaJphonff.
SPOKEN
Feb 12. lat 43 X. Ion 19 W-Qer shipNymphe
from Chemalnus. for United Kinrdom P
C&. frf
from Him^: & %£&*? *">
Feb IS. lat SI N', Ion 13 W_n r ihln ram
% %$?£&&&* «• QueIn«to W n Cam
rOINT I/) BOS, Feb 16 10 D m— w»iith»r
thick; wind SW, velocity « miles? m Weath « r
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Saturday. February 1£.
Stmr Nome Cit>\ Daniels. Eureka.
Strar Greenwood, Kagerlund
Strer Point Arena. Hansen. "Mendoclno.
Ftmr Isatlonal City. DtUnier*
Etmr (Yesrent City, P«yne. Crescent City
gtmr Brunswick. Andre«en. Eureka.
Sunr Progreso. Monroe. Tneoma.
I^nolulu Etmr Kheridan ' r>lerc *. M*n»a. via
Br etmr WritminrteT. Petrle St Vincent
Schr Reliance. Hunting Flu^law River
Nelson N ° rth FOrk ' McLellan - Eureka; Charlei
'l£i2l?S.VT& mak^ Ch^ainu 8 ; R
to^nf^rvTn 0^ ZyS?* 1 ™*- HI « ln »' <*>""-
Ale a Xa nd.r a & C naHwfn' nt ' J ° hne ° n - Il0DOlulU '
X 'Saturday, February 1«.
nt!™z?*ll<£% r o Ran<Ja11 ' .****'- O"*™
i,. Stm I omona - £h «». Eureka: Goodall, Per-
CLEAHEn.
Saturday, February 1«.
Stmr Alliance. Hard wick. 7 -days from Port
land, via Cons Hay and Eureka.
iSsS HanSen> " h0U ™ f " m
Emjjire. Maceenn. S2 hours from Coos
pE^Lo^^n^es 01^'- Dettmer8 ' 23 h -""rom
SR5SK S^porfs 110 "" fr ° m VlC "
TrtnTdad * N€WEbOy ' Ohlstrom ' « hours from
Ea l n Pie-? r Farrajrut ' *l«>»s°n. 2 days from
Honoi n ull G Wllder> j3CkSOn ' 22 da >'» ««»3,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVEI
The J. L. Stanford loads lumber on Puget
Sound for Sydney. 50s &d, prior to arrival; the
Lord Cairns, wheat at this port for Kurope
3*s, option of Valparaiso rr Iqulque, 31s'3d- the
Professor Koch, wheat and flour at Portland
for Lurop* 45e. prior to arrival; the Wrestler
lumber at Voit Ulakcley for Noumea, 60s. prior
to arrival.
Charters.
Captain G. Cartmer, late of the British
Ehlp \\ yeneld, aocompanlpd by his wi?e
and children, leave, for England to-day.
The yeneld was jvji chased by John
Rosenfeld's Sons, but instead of going- In
to the coal trade she will carry merchan
dise to Manila for Uncle Sam
The Pa.k Ling will come off the drydock
to-day and will go to Harrison-street
wharf, where she will take aboard about
7*0 mules for the Philippines.
The United State? torpedo-boat destroy
er Farragut returned from San Diego yes
terday and Is again anchored off Sausa
llto.
Water Front Notes.
Hans Halvorsen was <:r^aR-(?d in helping"
at the loading of the sii!p Challenger yes
terday when a slins; full of stuff struck
and knocked him down. At the Harbor
Hospital Dr. Armtstc-ad found that his left
side was badly bruised and that he was
internally Injured. %
Eh!p Sierra and sustained a compound
fracture of the lower jaw, two lacerated
wounds of the chin and a fracture of the
right hiD. He was taken to the Harbor
Ho.spital where Dr. Armistead dressed tha
wounds. Later he was removed to St.
Mary's Hospital.
CRACK MAIL STEAMSHIP SOXOMA OF THE OCEANIC LINE. SPEED
ING OX HER WAY TO AUSTRALIA IX A RACE AGAINST TIME.
TIME LOST THE RACE.
NOTE— In th« above exposition of the tide;
the early, morning tides are .given in the let
hand column and the successive tides of .th<
day in i the order of : occurrence aa to time oi
cay, the third time column gives the last tld<
Of the day. .except when there are but thre<
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights : giver
are in addition to the soundings on the Unltec
States Coast Survey charts, except when ¦ a
minus Hen '-(—)• precedes the height, and.ther
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. " The' plane "of referenc*
la the mean of the lower low watery. 4
Sun rises '.... :..... ..*...."..'.."/ ' - «.««
sun sets ......; :::::::."::;::6;6a
Moon rises ........;..•.....¦..¦'..;....;•.. .5:33 a: m.
United States . Coast' and Geodetlo ' Sunrey
* Times and- Heights of High. and. Low
"VVatert at - Fort Point, entrance to Sar
. I Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the" Superintendent.
NOTE— The highland low waters occur at tht
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort " Point ; th<
height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, moon and Tide.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Feb H-Stmi
Hongkonc Maru, from Ban Franclscft, vit
Honolulu, for Hongkong. , - •
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to Feb 16— Stmi
Norman Isles, from Portland. • ' . >*. •
KINGSTON. Jamaica— Arrived Feb 16—Cruis
ing yacht Prinzessln Victoria Lulse, from New
York. .>.---. , .
Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Etrurla. for New .York
- GLASGOW— Arrived Fib 16— Stmr i Lauren
tlan. from New York; etmr ' Siberian, -fron
Portland. . .•
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Kaiserlr
Maria Theresa, for Naples, etc; stmr Umbria,
for Liverpool; etmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
burp, via Plymouth and Cherbourg. 5 ¦ '
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Keb 16— Stmr Lucanla,
from • New Yorjf; stmr Georgian, from Ne«
York; «stmr Montfort, from St John. and Hal 1 .
fax. ., ¦ , . ¦ .. ¦»
_ I £E W CASTX,E. Aus— Arrived Feb 1&— Ship J
B Thomas, from Adelaide. ;,
; OCDAN STEAMER?.- v
LONDON-Arrived Feb I6-Stmr Minnesota.
rrom Philadelphia.
Tork 1^ 1 Keb 1 1~ stmr Mlnnehaha. for New
ANTWERP— Sailed Feb 18— Stmr Southward
for New York. • , ~ * ¦-
V CHERQOURO-S»lled Feb 1«-Stmr j "New
York, fi#in Southampton, for New York.
» HAVRE^-Sailed Keb 16— Stmr La GascOBne.
for New York." •. " -
-HJOGO— Sailed Feb 12— Qer. ship Ferdinand
Fisher, for Oresxan.
„ H . ON OKONG-To sail Feb 5-Ja© stmr Idz
-uml Maru, for Seattle.
Sailed Feb U-Stmr City of 'Peking, for Bai
r ranclsco. .
Makes Run From Here to Sydney, Including All Stops,
in Nineteen Days and Fifteen Hours. •
OCEANIC COMPANY'S SONOMA
BREAKS AUSTRALIAN RECORD
THE SAN ERAJSrCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY :17, 1901.
SUNDAT,* FEBRUARY 17.
TO ARRrV'B.
Steamer Movements.
21
D Time - Time ¦ - • . Tlme| ¦ i Time '¦
IT... S:40J.2 »:47 6.8 4:26—0.6 11:21 B.
li:::.^!i:f.!?i !: o 8 --! : r 6 -°ol U:M - 6 -
H W .- L W ; ; H.-W '• l'w 'V
£•"•• Y°A • ' :!6 0.8 v 1:15 6*4*701 »O
M ... 1:41 6.7 7:4S -0.6 2:15 5.0 7:53 1
23... t:2l 6.8^8:47 : 0.5 3:23 4.6 8:40 U,
a.
ler.
Fcbrnnrr 17. j
Alliance Portland & Coos B 9 amlS.W. 1
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
O. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Ko?a... San Diego 9 am Tier 11
• February 18. ' .
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
City of Para. Panama & WayPts 12 m|PMSS
. .-. Febrnarx 10.
Roanoke...... Panama 2 pm Pie r 34
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMS3.
Hontta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
Arcata Coos Bay 12. m Pier 13
Ban Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
February 20.
Eureka....... Humboldt — 9'am Pier 13
Umatllla Puget Sound Port* 11 am Pier 9
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
ArRO CoquiUe River 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina... 1... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
February 21. ,
Humboldt Alaska v PugetBd 2 pm Pier !
l'chninry 22. «.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Newport 9amPler.ll
Palena........ Valparafso & Way 12 m S.W, !
v Febrnary- 23. ~
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier I
Marlposa Honolulu ¦:.?.. 2pm Pier 7
Rainier....... Seattle & N. What Pier —
Robt. Dollar. Seattle & Tacoma Pier —
Steamer.
I
From.
\ Due.
MandaUy...... Coqullle River .......... Feb 11
Palena Panama '& Way ¦Ports,- Feb" 17
Fulton Grays-Harbor .......... Feb II
Coos Bay Newport Feb 11
Queen San Diego :....;.,. Feb' 11
Bergenhus;.... China vti San Diego... Feb' 11
Arcata Coos Bay i, Feb 17
Cureka Humboldt Feb 'lj
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb! 1<
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb. 1!
City Klo Jan. ...China and Japan........ Feb. 15
Columbia.: Portland and Astoria... Feb. IS
Robt. Dollar... Seattle- .'.:..;. .'.-.. ,'; Feb 1!
Rainier.. Seattle &.N. Whateom. Feb! li
tederiea :...... Nsnaimo "...T:.... .....i. Feb Hi
Mackinaw...... 8patU« -v.. .....„«. v...~.. Feb. U
Argo.. ,.. Coqullla River .: Feb. IS
Totmes...". i Hamburg a Way Ports Feb v li
Willamette ] .Seattle Feb. if.
Nome City iHumboIdt .r. ......... v .-. Feb."?;
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 2t
Marlposa Honolulu Feb. K
Corona Newport Feb. 2(
State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 2]
Point Arena... Point Arena Feb. 21
Santa Roea.... San Dle?o Feb. tl
Crescent City.. Crescent City JFeb. 21
Washtenaw.... Tacoma IFeb. 21
Newbunr J Grays Harbor ..|Feb. 2Z
Colon Panama & Way Ports Feb. 23
North Fork.... Humboldt -. Feb. 21
DATE,
Second Feet.
1900. | 1901.
February S • -
February * v"-" ""
February 5 ••:X'"y".'
February- 6c ••"/.•v",'"."'"""
February: 7
February 8 •••••„ •
February 8 :
. 750 , .. 960
750 1,030
MO 1.180
6S0 4.879
610 2,640
«80 ' 2.D25
CIO , 2.410
Second Feet.
DATE. ' i, — i
¦./¦'¦ 1900. . 1901.
February * 9.S00 lUSOo"
February * ..:.¦¦•¦• 11,800 * 12,800
February 6 10.400 24,800
February « ..'...... 10.100 16.100
February 7 8.S00 1J.400
February 8 .......:..: 8,800 14,300
February »' - 9.S00 12,500
DATE.
DATE.
Second Feet. . ;
1 — ¦ Mn'eCo.
1900.; 1901. Canal..
Total
1S01.
February »....
February 4....
February 5..-..
February 6....
February 7 —
February 6.
February 9....
974 1,440
974 1,440
874 13.S0O'
874 6.415
874 * 3.830 .
-874 3.S9O
774 H - 3,845
10
10 5
.10
W
10
10
10
¦ 1,460
1.460
13,810
0 6.425
. 3,840
• : S.600
3,3.-3
. V DATE:. Second-Feet.
isoo: ; lMi..
Ybniary 4 780 '3,600
'ebruary 6 ...................... 780' .'4.680
Vbruary 6 .••• • .780
Vbruary 7 ; 72S r : 1.450
>bruary8 ...I ........:.; "728 .^ 2.242
'cbruary 9 ........;.. 676 '1,330
DATE.
DATE.
Second Feet. . ;
1 — ¦ Mn'eCo.
1900.; 1901. Canal..
Total
1S01.
February »....
February 4....
February 5..-..
February 6....
February 7 —
February 6.
February 9....
974 1,440
974 1,440
874 13.S0O'
874 6.415
874 * 3.830 .
-874 3.S9O
774 H - 3,845
10
10 5
.10
W
10
10
10
¦ 1,460
1.460
13,810
0 6.425
. 3,840
• : S.600
3,3.-3
. V DATE:. Second-Feet.
isoo: ; lMi..
Ybniary 4 780 '3,600
'ebruary 6 ...................... 780' .'4.680
Vbruary 6 .••• • .780
Vbruary 7 ; 72S r : 1.450
>bruary8 ...I ........:.; "728 .^ 2.242
'cbruary 9 ........;.. 676 '1,330
DATE.
Second Feet.
DATE. ' i, — i
¦./¦'¦ 1900. . 1901.
February * 9.S00 lUSOo"
February * ..:.¦¦•¦• 11,800 * 12,800
February 6 10.400 24,800
February « ..'...... 10.100 16.100
February 7 8.S00 1J.400
February 8 .......:..: 8,800 14,300
February »' - 9.S00 12,500
DATE.
DATE,
Second Feet.
1900. | 1901.
February S • -
February * v"-" ""
February 5 ••:X'"y".'
February- 6c ••"/.•v",'"."'"""
February: 7
February 8 •••••„ •
February 8 :
. 750 , .. 960
750 1,030
MO 1.180
6S0 4.879
610 2,640
«80 ' 2.D25
CIO , 2.410
a.
ler.
Fcbrnnrr 17. j
Alliance Portland & Coos B 9 amlS.W. 1
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
O. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Ko?a... San Diego 9 am Tier 11
• February 18. ' .
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
City of Para. Panama & WayPts 12 m|PMSS
. .-. Febrnarx 10.
Roanoke...... Panama 2 pm Pie r 34
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMS3.
Hontta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
Arcata Coos Bay 12. m Pier 13
Ban Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
February 20.
Eureka....... Humboldt — 9'am Pier 13
Umatllla Puget Sound Port* 11 am Pier 9
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
ArRO CoquiUe River 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina... 1... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
February 21. ,
Humboldt Alaska v PugetBd 2 pm Pier !
l'chninry 22. «.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Newport 9amPler.ll
Palena........ Valparafso & Way 12 m S.W, !
v Febrnary- 23. ~
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier I
Marlposa Honolulu ¦:.?.. 2pm Pier 7
Rainier....... Seattle & N. What Pier —
Robt. Dollar. Seattle & Tacoma Pier —
Steamer.
I
From.
\ Due.
MandaUy...... Coqullle River .......... Feb 11
Palena Panama '& Way ¦Ports,- Feb" 17
Fulton Grays-Harbor .......... Feb II
Coos Bay Newport Feb 11
Queen San Diego :....;.,. Feb' 11
Bergenhus;.... China vti San Diego... Feb' 11
Arcata Coos Bay i, Feb 17
Cureka Humboldt Feb 'lj
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb! 1<
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb. 1!
City Klo Jan. ...China and Japan........ Feb. 15
Columbia.: Portland and Astoria... Feb. IS
Robt. Dollar... Seattle- .'.:..;. .'.-.. ,'; Feb 1!
Rainier.. Seattle &.N. Whateom. Feb! li
tederiea :...... Nsnaimo "...T:.... .....i. Feb Hi
Mackinaw...... 8patU« -v.. .....„«. v...~.. Feb. U
Argo.. ,.. Coqullla River .: Feb. IS
Totmes...". i Hamburg a Way Ports Feb v li
Willamette ] .Seattle Feb. if.
Nome City iHumboIdt .r. ......... v .-. Feb."?;
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 2t
Marlposa Honolulu Feb. K
Corona Newport Feb. 2(
State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 2]
Point Arena... Point Arena Feb. 21
Santa Roea.... San Dle?o Feb. tl
Crescent City.. Crescent City JFeb. 21
Washtenaw.... Tacoma IFeb. 21
Newbunr J Grays Harbor ..|Feb. 2Z
Colon Panama & Way Ports Feb. 23
North Fork.... Humboldt -. Feb. 21
D Time - Time ¦ - • . Tlme| ¦ i Time '¦
IT... S:40J.2 »:47 6.8 4:26—0.6 11:21 B.
li:::.^!i:f.!?i !: o 8 --! : r 6 -°ol U:M - 6 -
H W .- L W ; ; H.-W '• l'w 'V
£•"•• Y°A • ' :!6 0.8 v 1:15 6*4*701 »O
M ... 1:41 6.7 7:4S -0.6 2:15 5.0 7:53 1
23... t:2l 6.8^8:47 : 0.5 3:23 4.6 8:40 U,
Bomeifmes children become willful and
refuse nourishing food, demanding sweets,
candy, icecr«?am, much to their det-
riment. It is a help rn such. cases
to have a food that Is naturally sweet and
attractive.^ A case in Phlla. will Illustrate.
The daughter of Mrs. M. E. Searles,
living at 1330 Mlfflln St., was a delicate
child from infancy and had been indulged
lh, many things. She gradually got thin-
ner and more fretful daily, refusing food
other than sweets, etc., finally contracting
wijooplng cough, which undermined her
heaTtb to such an extent that her attend-
ing physicians agreed that her cough had
dei-eloped into bronchial catarrh, and that
enly a short time would ensue before con-
Fumption would relieve her sufferings.
tn despair the'chlld's aunt was sent for,
and knowing the wonderful nutritive
value of Grape-Nuts food, she prepared
come and Induced the little one to eat it.
At the first taste she eald: "Oh, auntie,
thin is bo nice; I want some more." From
that time the child acquired an appetite
and began to improve. She was fed on
Grape-Nuts steadily until now she Is a
perfectly, healthy, strong child, attends
the Girls' Grammar School and- is a
•rijfht and tst pupil. j
Way to Correct Children's Taste.
"SWEEP' EATERS.
GBAPE-NUTS.
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
MttljitJNof.A GAME OF tAGW
Hi BUT WE y^e IT WtttrN (TF-OOMK
fO BAFkO A^C> AND Sai^RE-lEALIlSJS
'W^\^ Here Is Something Every Economist
PV A drummers fine of SILK and WOOLEN UNDERVESTS, all made 1 of best sjlk, some^fi/gti: QO" <l
' A Oi ne - c^ on 9 s^ eeves > others' low neck no sleeves; with fancy yoke of crocheted i I \^~
l\f • silk. These vests are models of Knit- to-Fit Underwear; the texture /s /^/^^a ::^ >^ K
' finest, the workmanship the best and the prices the lowest ever quoted \ a^ . * :
' I'Cf (i^ on high-grade goods. .- We have them made of good plated silk, low nec k\^jjf >.-. ffi/S - <fe /\ y^-5"
i N . J & no sleeves, neck and arm size crocheted and drawn through *~) C ' H» **-—"
i J with silk tape. Sample price. . ..:.'. ...... ... i '^^$$50
: m$3&B'*m8mm ALSO made of good quality silk, hich ncck.J ANOTHER— All-Silk Ladies' Vest, lo.v neck. _ j^S^^^^^E^
* Onjr sJeeves - Swiss ribbed .: 95c | no sleeves, crochet fancy V front 85c K^^^^^^i
' W^ nt^ man y °ther Silk or Wool Vests at the same Ion prices. "^^T\j^wM
'¦ 7- iha^J I" 0 ur Corset Department Another Neckwear Offering (?& sl°>v
l^lpM "f You find no old-style corsets— nothing but the And one that will surely commend itself to all * fif
A3.. . Jr -. flS newest^and best for the \ least. 4 shrewd buyers. r
\ \LfC)' Our new ERECT FRONT CORSET 13 LADIES'" COLLARS and Revere. ,~->. J^*f*l *T
A rjl X. - r irt/^) made of best quality French cloth, bias made of- best hand-made Point de Venlsa t* >;s . C/ '
, j Vi'\ ¦¦*¦ K*>=S cut, =hand gored, double side steel, rust- net, suitable for dress trimming or »to 'is/ \+ fl • -
.^f 1 ¦• ¦*&;} proof front steel, new low sloping bust, embellish a half-worn Jacket. Our In- v^>T & r^t/ -,-J^^
- ¦ ¦¦'•¦*. iC A corset to boast of, at rnost insignificant troductlon price 81. OO #^i$^ - 1 0+ '
4 f\ W JL a-tfS-CX prices; colors black and gray Sl.OO • /&&3?F{ ¦ f '3
mmm : slii^^^^^^ft^^i^i^^^Pi 6 ° now
5 " ¦ V^fjiV -"CHILD'S FERRIS WAIST. made_of fancy at first glance, because of thwr " J^-^S.
• •• . - .r,' /¦^T'n! \ best quality Jean, well made and flnishefl. daintiness and dressiness. LADIES' ..-¦'->. A^ m *•*.***.
V '¦•¦¦•• J \;ij.™ buttons run In with patent tape fasten- FICHUS— They are the "one thing . *R § C2 w -»
MSS^BSSSImfiKSr ¦ ln Z 5 < which prevents their comine out needful" to dnirh off a dainty silk waist or evening T* B — —
tmmwtKKSmKlBSm' when laundered. Special Hoc -toilette. They are m.-ulo of best quality Brussels net. V •
.- MBal^^BBsJflBBg ' . D --, - -~. TLr , c - ' with very full rullle of net. Ilnished with dainty f^Uc --.„-, '
< ¦ I Hf S *H@S t\ tZ/\U 1 ri 1 SS ! ¦ of Valenciennes l;»ce. The price as well as the article f^^Br^^fflfflS
HT . We put on sale this week a certain stylo of the will arrest attention 59c fc^^^K^-^S^
¦W ¦ ¦ T& world - renowned LA VIDA CORSETS, which we are teVV>??&&*w|5Gl|
S 00^ • - C\ desirous of closing out. They are especially adapted II _ _ J l._ rn U ! n S n n l Unit Urmn f$fi*£j&m2z!£al3l
C |,^D \ to stout figures and are perfect fitting.' Should any of H R Fl fl K fi iR R I RT S Hi HHT I I IiRi
: • Hl^ , Cvt these corsets need a slight alteration, such as to cut IIUllUl\Ul UlllUlU U I IIUll IIIUUI £r V; 3F «1 SP^
I A*** t^ffP lower In the bust or higMer on the hip, we will have LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, made of best qua'- W^ v
¦ * IJJ ¦ *".-?¦ yil^ll^ .¦•thtm altered by an expert alteration hand free of Ity Irish nnen. hemstitched and drawn work. Rosen- Jf -
; yf^rttlv'^ / c . h ? r^- . . . . • berg's way of selling \ liTc f . * S> V^v
-^l^ll' 1 "' u T^ ey ?^?m,°« very fin S st . fast i )la f}l ? ean V em " ALSO. LA.DIES* HANDKERCHIEFS, made of / • A^l
¦ V\O >A hroidered with silk flowers and trimmed with lace bead- very best ]ie i fast i awn> hemstitched and hand in- I C** . . />
! f l^ 1 . • in S and satin ribbon. They are all boned with genuine itinled On'v " 5p 1^. I I fl
. . * — " I , I I-* 'whalebone, with" double side bones and rust-proof front J " UICU - v "-> K' I I I 1
, -• SKI v steels. These corsets originally sold for 17 50, and -this nr l ||T|r|rnn I Every lady desires to be beautiful . . I U C/ 1
' CJ ' • ' ¦ i» an opportunity no woman should overlook.. ..»a.75 Ml- All I I hi J-K\ I and if there is any one thing that . I !> •
I . •, • •¦' ' SALE AT O'FARRELL-ST. ENTRANCE. uunu * M ILIIU § enhances a woman's beauty more . C. I • C%
i '¦ ' ' ~ ' ' ' -'••*- . than anything else it Is a becoming veil. We have CI "^
' ¦¦¦* O I? - VT* " ' ¦ 1'n r..- n I !_ n Am L. them here at the most reasonable prices. i fi «?
"^ •** ye* ii 11 rVHll! in ilfinfl.S. LADIES' VEILING In all the new meshes, fancv, \f &
I ~ Kj *J ¦•¦- ' : -\' nil; UIUIII III UUIIIUUI plain or dotted effects. Specially priced r
- LADIES' SIDE COMBS, made of _ ,«4&?%>*. /C5\
v J Btfrtssma ssass ®^PP Mnqlin Unil'prwpar Dpn't ™°J m P^Q-
Ml*^M£i»M?^4 teeth .well finished and rounded. Vi if IlIUullll UiiUUMluQI UCU II ITEMS. &m *2 *
BB!b9B»^1 V|t vn l ul ) n nd ! 0P n ( " lly \H >\ i // LADIES' GOWNS, made of good. soft, bleached
ffS^nB^I {ANOTHER:. LADIES' EMPIRE rvjN [^ muslin, double yoke back, front yoko tucked and
km.^^\ BACK COMBS, marie of line, 4-^*^5^--^^ trimmed wtth embroidery insertion and satin ribbon V
•-.'¦¦ Hf "*l«i smooth finished Italian shell, wide W/^jTmf\\\w bow. All well sewod and finished; extra long; all sizea \^ ,,^>
W^ band. good, well shaped teeth. At- '"llmMwW A remarkable way of selling .N!><! Lr^JSJ^'S&yH*
¦W ¦ tractively priced 5Oe "H.u»« ALSO. LADIES' DRAWERS, made of go^d. soft SK^SKOaKiwl "
f^ r» > v »« s ; ALSO. LADIES' FANCY SHAPED HACK COMBS bleached muslin, tucked and trimmed with embroidery Y&$a*gR*SBrMf¥A
Q K Ox \ m.vlf of highly polished Italian shell, smooth and well insertion, finished with deep rutne of embroidery, all IS&J5«tt!w*2««SI
. .^.^vA-." •¦¦ "^ w finished. A variety of shapes at 35c sizes, extra wide. Rosenberg's way of selling.. ..80c &&&$*(&%£'$&
a.- ': •-. ¦'.•¦• ...; ¦••¦ . • -.-?.;..> ' , ¦'..¦•' Sale at O'Farrell-st. entrance. ' ,-¦"•". !&K&^ -/ljigSSl
fiillll .Here Are .Some French Laces m Jr
r\ I ¦ " *That are offered to you at a mere fraction of _ , if / •|/%r
¦ now •i^£^0M^mm\ Flannelette Wrappers na> l °
LACES, RANGING FROM ONE TO FIVE INCHES At prices calculated to draw the largest crowds of the ' A 1£*
4 mm WIDE, ALL THE NEWEST PATTERNS. THE FOR- year. Never before have we offered such wonderful ~/\ Zk w***
J L\ f "f" S MER PRICE OF THIS LACE "WAS S5c AND 50c. OUR wrapper bargains as these: r*\\J .
r ¦¦ CLOSING OUT PRICE : ..lU^e - LADIES' WRAPPERS, made of good quality striped / It
I ' v flannelette, fitted back, loose front, waist lined, flounced 1 I w
. , . rv 'SECOND WEEK OF OUR skirt, all trimmed with fancy wash braid. Remember, iCN L>
¦ Aaa^L. ' ' ¦ • . ¦ we have only a few odds and ends at prices far below L/
V^ J/ ?^^r ftk. P ft ? D'hlin O I T COSt " (gale at O'Farrell-st. entrance) 75c
fflSBBm m.m breai KIDDOn 5ai8§ fif IntPrPd tn Nnvpltv * Bo
HMV rt$fesjf7i\ The brilliant success of the first Ul III tol tf b I IU nUVClly OCCl\ClOi +J *=L-
f^nHM^ V-yY^V^rf^wvPRk nf fht\ nrpnt <mIp hni en We have ust receive! a shipment of spikes -.^
: MSiSH^^iBma Hn.'AVPyO great sate nas en- sultable for the new i'Aiprlon belts, made of 4S7
¦By V 75g bpY^SfM^I COUraged US to redouble Our ef- good. gilt, kind that does not tarnish. Only.^ ]% V ' ¦^^^rj- Mm9UtB JA mmi
J& U \<$*ig07 ' forts to make this safe one to be " "jvlsoV gilt 'spikes',' ; *with" 'jeweled ends. . | r
f & I 2. S' %$2^£* remembered in the history of the n '~ note thr following: % $&&$^$!&M
*Y I "-j~f • i^^^S^s. house ' PRESS CORDUROY BINDING, warranted | tftSJj 9
d* s* C» V 5000: yards FANCY NOVELTT"PAFFETA RIBBON. ' Best quality " stockinet* 'r>ress"shields*"."."."Vc \ W^ ~**^k
I g —^ all made of best pure s»ilk. in blue, lavender, cadet, red, 20-inch genuine Hair Cloth ll>e \ • A
L 1 ' pink and green, .with fancy white string or figure '3^ Best quality velvet L'Aiglon Belts 9Sc © f J 1 O A
1" ,A*t Inches wide. Our sale price.......; •. 112»4c *>s.{\\^*
• ALSO. 5000 yards BRILLIANT TAFFETA RIB- WINTER GOODS MUST GO REGARDLESS OF COST! \ 3^* ••»»
• J Ctl V . " BON. warranted all silk and washable:' width number We are Closing M A t}\[ t MTfl^HP \ »t Pries • Th»t WIU \^ III"
¦ \jf I Cm t ~ 60. In solid colors, embracing blue, lavender, red. white. Ont Onr HlhUMil I UOntO Astoniti Ten . "^ r 1 |
T\ • . black, pink and green; width number SO.- Special price } LADIES' $3.S0 MACKINTOSH, made of best qual- »7llLi?
• ...1 1"»<? yard jty checked mackintosh material, plaid back, double- AM
"^^ a . AGAIN: DOUBLE FACED SATIN RIBBON, five breasted cape, velvet collar. Our closing price.. St. 9O ' »M *3" "":¦*•
g" ~^ t. >»4» Inches wide, In all the newest spring shades. . Genuine CHILDREN'S MACKINTOSH,, same quality as _ -A/ ••
yj ~\ \JL '^bargains 225c '.above • •••• 8I.0O C\O*
H1B JOE^ .ROSENBERG, 4-9^
W^m 813 MARKET STREET, ' **
m raK^^S uan nancan pohmpti y fii i rn ru.nm.ng 'through to ii-otarrell street, V - - ¦¦ -^>
vpf^f^SW£K&rM MAIL UHUtHi> rtiumr'iLr tiLLtu. phelan buildhvg £*V^S* u^ t^5>?irStStationary Engineers.
San Francisco No. 1 of the National As
sociation of Stationary ' Engineers will
eive its annual entertainment and ball in
Saratoga Hall on the night of Saturday
next. An interesting programme has been
arranged for the occasion.
GOODNOW WILL LECTURE
ON CHINESE QUESTION
To Address Commercial Men To
morrow'Regarding His Views
on Trade Possibilities.
Consul General Goodnow. the represen
tative of American interests in Shanghai,
arrived In this city yesterday from the
East on his way back to the Orient.'
Goodnow has consented to addres3 the
commercial men of San- Francisco at the
Chamber of Commerce to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock. He will tell of the
prevention of the Chinese in Southern
China from joining the Boxer movement,
and the trade possibilities for America
with the Far East.
- Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drorrlata, ; goo flask. Richards * Co.. <08 Clay. •
Sweeney's Name on \ Boll of Honor.
At a meeting of the Board of Fire Com
Purim Ball.
Big preparations are being made for the
Purim ball and entertainment. to be given
by the Maccabean Club March 10, at
Native Sons' Hall. It promises to be the
ball of the season. The Emanuel Sister
hood alone has taken about 200 tickets.
Kills His Sweetheart's Father.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 16.— Because Cip
riana Moreno, 64 years old, would not al
low his 16-year-old daughter ; , to.: marry
Varsalia Garcia,' he was. killed by , Garcia
this ,, morning. • fi Garcia fired ¦ six ' shots,
three taking effect in the'stomach of Mo
reno, .who ; died to-night. Garcia surren
dered himself. : V ; ;
Soldier Attempts - Suicide.,
SAN DIEGO, ; Feb. 16.— Herbert -Reed, a
private of j Company H, Eighteenth Artii •
lerj't stationed here, V attempted "to vcom
mit suicide , to-day I by ' shooting : himse!/"
with •&' rifle. ; He . succeeded, in putting; a
ball through .the fleshy, part of the .left
shoulder. -He will .recover. »."
Legal Fight for a Mine.
fl SAN DIEGO, i Feb. 16.-^A mining suit
that is attracting much attention was be
gun in, the I Superior Court to-day. The
plaintiff Is John". Stewart 'and he sues to
recover ! a ; half interest " in the Lipidollte
mines; near Pala. in this county, said to
be • one of the most t extensive bodies if
llthla-bearlng rock in the world. Stewart,
in his complaint alleges that he discov
ered the mine, but that N. G. : Dauglass,
wlio, with others.. Is made defendant,-- filed
the location notice In the names of him
self and R.--O. Butterworth.
Giftito the "State.
f SANTA CRUZ.- Feb.' 16.— Henry Cowell
proposes .to' present^to ";the ( State; a forest
of 300" acres' in \Mendbclno*; County. 'It
contains many; large redwood ttreesrv The
only ; restriction to * be placed on the gift
Is that it be permitted to remain untouch-'
cd asa forest preservation. - ¦ ¦ ... « - - -•-.
A Lady's Story.
A prominent lady of this. city has some
thing to tell to the fair sex of San Fran
cisco which should be a warning to many.
L.a%t Tuesday I started out to buy furni
ture, • reading some ads that, furni
ture, was selling out cheap. I went to a
downtown store. 1, was shown the goods;
but they were shop • worn . and looked as
if .twenty years old. Prices, -well • they
were rather high. I then made up my
mind to see the store on Mission and
Sixteenth streets, of which -there, is .so
much spoken. I finally ' landed at the
Pattoslen Co. 's. ."Well, really the change
was great; all new, modern stock at mod-,
em prices. I had no trouble to fit out my
home, and . truly,; as I ; am well .posted in
prlees, I . must admit when • my bill , was
shown,: which was eight hundred" and
sixty-five dollars,'- 1 am 'positive ' that I
saved at least two hundred dollars/ •
DISTRICT ATTOBNEY
FILES HIS REPORT
Makes Comparison Between Work of
This and -Preceding Years and
-Claims Improvement.
District Attorney Byington submitted a
report. yesterday to Mayor Phelan of the
workings of his office during the last
year, the first under the new charter,
with comparisons as to former years un>
der the old system.
He says that the change In having all
prosecutions, both In the Superior and the
Police courts, together with the drawing
of all complaints and warrants, confided
to his office I has resulted not alone In a
more efficient' administration of Justice,
but In a marked financial saving to the
city and a correction' of several ¦ abuses
which had grown 'no in the municipal
government, j There was a yearly saving
in conducting. the office of $4600, besides a
further saving, of $2100 per year, formerly
paid • an expert for examining bonds. In
addition the office now not only performs
all the duties which, under the consolida
tion act, were performed by departments
costing' the city $6900 per annum more,
but In addition thereto V receives cash
bail and approves all* ball' bonds taken In
the Police courts and J renders other ser
vices not formerly imposed upon it.
During the year the sum of $232,763 in
cash bail has been received and acounted
for to the Treasurer • and Auditor, ac
cording to the report. In addition 665 ball
bonds, aggregating $320,220, had been re
ceived and examined by. the warrant and
bond clerk. In no- instance had any.ball
bond been declared forfeited . which had
not been collected".. No such thing as an
uncollectable or "straw", bond had been
heard of during the year: The release of
prisoners on "ORs" had also been (en
tirely checked. ¦ .. ; . , ..
The 1 comparison of records, of the de
partment for many years back shows that
crime in this city was less last year than
ever before, while the percentage of per
sons held to answer before the Superior
Court on- felony charges was much
greater and the administration of justice
speedier than at any other time.
He Tells'Some Inside Facts About
A TALK WITH 'MUNYON.
His Witch Hazel Soap.
It was once said.— and not long ago. either—
that a new soap is placed upon the market,
every day. Kach in accorded a brief spasm ol
publicity. A peculiar' name Is probably made
popular for a few weeks and then nothing: is
ever heard of it again. "Yes." said Professor
Munyon the other day In converratlon with a
newspaper writer, "I met with considerable ob
jections when I Informed by friends and the
drug trade In general that I was about to place
a new scap in the field. I was told that the
public was never so fickle In supporting any
article as that of a soap: that one brand was
never used for any length of ' time and that
folks were always looking for novelties in this
special direction. Thii was probably one of
the reasons why there are so many soaps, but
I felt' that there was another catiifefor all this
and that was that the public had novel 1 yet
been given the roap they wanted, one that
satisfied them In every respect. 1 proposed tc
give It to them." And here the professor grew
quite earnest in his remarks. "I told these
critics that I had a soap whose basis Is -Witch
Hazel-real Witch Hazel-not .Witch Hazel in
name only, not watery Witch Hazel, but a
scientifically concentrated Witch Hazel. , I had
a Witch Hazel that had the solidity "of Jelly.
I knewUhat Witch Hazel had proved itself one
cf the best curatives yet known to Medical
Science.. But not only this, , I nad- combined
this Witch Hazel -with other- medicaments
known as skin beautiflers and emollients. Then
my friends told me, 'But that must make your
soap very expensive.' That was true. .It is ex
pensive. The- soap that I ani now putting on the
market probably costs double that of any otller
toilet soap, but I knew that I could only please
the public and hold its support by giving them
a soap that was superior to anything yet offered
them. I am willing to stake my reputation and
fortune on the _ success of Munyon' s Wltcn
Hazel Soap. In it the people -have a soap that
will soften the roughest hands, that will keep
the pores in a healthy condition,' that is abso
lutely free from all rancid fats 'and dangerous
alkalies. It is .best for- the complexion, best
for the L-calp, best for. curing all skin eruptions
and 'Will; positively cure dandruff and allay all
forms of itchine. Mothers will find it the best
eoap baby ever had. Every Ingredient In this
eoa/ is pure enough to eat: in fact my chemist
has said ;tt Is good enough to fry oysters Jn.
Now this soap Is not being placed on the mar
ket as an experiment. I have made my experi
ments for several years past. I have had the
best thought in: this country engaged In mak
ing this soap, and -It was not put -out until I
had achieved what I considered the perfection
of soap making. I leave It to the public wheth
er I have succeeded or, not. I am sure I i have."
The extended stay of President Hays
In New York creates a deep feeilng of
uncertainty among the prominent officials
of the Southern Paclflp in this city. Many
of them do not, judging. Irom their actions
and expressions, think that their positions
are by any means assured. <N
A prominent official of the company said
yesterday that the Harriman syndicate,
deal suggests economy, and that one of
the first moves along that line would be
that as many as possible of the general
officers who are now holding-high posi
tions at. the head of the operating depart
ments or freight departments will become
assistants In similar departments, and
that the present assistants will drop to
chief clerks, and so on down the list. \
Many clerks maybe" dropped'altogeth
er, but the principal sufferers will be the
minor officials, who will have to go to
make rooiji for the men ahead of 'them
who are dropped down aJpeg. Agents and
general agents at -different points, it is
claimed, will be affected for the same
ieason. ' ' . ' • ¦ t :.
The fact Is brought out tha\ the higher
local railroad officials In this city are not
viewing with any great amount of jollity
the consolidation steps that are being ta
ken, and they are very anxious, to hear
when President Hays will return. •
. Harriman and- the financiers that -are
his associates are not hampered with too
much sentiment, so claim the local rail
road men -who have been studying "the
dope." They admit that the conference
of Hays with the Harriman syndicate was
made or was prolonged In laying, plans
.to stop all waste and' extravagances at
all points possible. For- that reason the
railroad men argue that while one set
of officers may not handle the business of
the Northwestern,' Union and Southern
Pacific railroads, they are prepared for
the -worst. / . v
This consolidation of offices. If It should
be effected/would mean a saving of thou
sands of dollars to the stockholders
monthly and consequently bigger divi
dends.
Hays' Long Stay in New
York Makes Them Uneasy
as to Their Fate.
Slmon Flexner, University of Pennsyl
vania; F. G. Novy. University of Michi
gan, and 12, F. Barker. University of Chi
cago, Special Commissioners appointed by
the United States Treasury Department
to Investigate health conditions in Cali
fornia, paid their respects' to Governor
Gage at the Palace Hole! yesterday after
noon. These eminent professors were
greeted by. Governor Gage. ex-Governor
Budd, Dr. Lane. Dr. Ma'hews'and Dr. El
llnwood of the' State" Board of Health, and
Senator William M. Cutter.
! Health toplcs*were discussed for nearly
three hpurs. The Commissioners did not.
In accordance with Instructions from the
Treasury Department, acquaint the Gov
ernor of California with their work. At
.the conference the fact was disclosed that
the Commissioners bear detailed instruc
tions from Surgeon General Wyman of
the United States Marine Hospital Ser
vice.' It also transpired that the Commis
sioners on their arrival in San Franclson
three weeks ago sought the advice of Dr.
Kellogg., and that- he has constantly at
tended them on their Investigation of
health conditions. The Instructions from
General Wyman direct the Commissioners
to consult with the local authorltlev
RAILROAD MEN
GROW ANXIOUS
which may be construed to mean consulta
tions with Phelan's bubonic Board of
Health and Dr. Kinyoun's confreres.
The Secretary of the Treasury, to whom
inquiries addressed to President McKin
ley were referred, certainly conveyed the
statement to the people of California
through the Congressional delegation ana
the Governor that an independent and
unprejudiced Investigation had .been or
dered, yet the University of California,
the State Board of Health and local phy
sicians of national eminence are not In
vited'to assist, although Dr. Kinyoun's
supporter. Dr. Kellogg. Is consulted at
f-very step. The, special commissioners
are apparently blameless, because they
have written- instructions, to confer with
the local authorities. More than that. It
appears that their report will' not be
made public until it Is approved by the
surgeon genfral. . ' . ,
From all the facts attainable the state
ment, may be made that the commission
ers according to their own admission
have not found a. single case -of plague,
'although they have been at work for
three, weeks. The official record j*-as pre
rfnted to them yesterday, showing that
Dr. Klnyoun in May. 1900. wired, to Sur
geon General % Wyman that the .plague
was regarded as epidemic In San Fran
cisco. . ¦ • '
missloners yesterday forenoon the name
of John Edward Sweeney was placed on
the roll of honor of the department for his
heroic conduct in saving the life of Pat
rick Coyne at the sacrifice of his own on
the night of June 19 last.
PROLONGED CONFERENCE
WITH GOVERNOR GAGE
Health Affairs Are Discussed at Length by
the Special Federal Commission.
the party who authorized me to sell the
land," said Allen, when questioned about
the matter. "I was as badly deceived as
any one else. I was led to believe that
the sale would take place in New York
City, and that the Administrator. "needed
money to clear off debts on the estate.
I was assured that the deed to' the prop
erty would be ready after next Tuesday."
"Were you acting for Bohls, who claims
title to the land through the sale made
by ex-Public Administrator Drinkhouse?"
was asked.
"Were you representing Bacigalupi, who
bought through the Italian Consul?"
"I was not," replied Allen.
"Who authorized you to sell the land?'"
was next asked.
•'I am not at liberty to state," replied
Allen. "I cannot divulge the name of my
client," he concluded.
The peculiar feature of the affair Is that
Allen told his cub-agents that the deed
would be clear after Tuesday next. The
petition of Bacigalupi for distribution of
the estate to nlm comes up. for hearing
next Tuesday and the hearing of the mo
tion for confirmation of the sale made
by ex-Public Administrator Drinkhouse to
Bohls was originally set for the same
time. It looks very much as if Allen's
client was either Bacigalupi or Bohls, not
withstanding his denial. ...
Charles G. Lamberson of Visalia, who
originally appeared in the role of counsel
for Theodore Baclgalupi, who acquired
title to the lan-i through the Italian Con
sul, has a deeper Interest than that of at
torney. When the deed from Consul Serra
was placed on record In Kern County It
was accompanied by another deed exe
cuted by Bacigalupi distributing the prop
erty. Bacigalupi. while posing as the
buyer, now holds but a one-sixth Interest
in the land. Edward Canale. a relative
of Bacigalupl. has a one-sixth Interest and
the remaining ! two-thirds are owned by
Attorney Lamberson and ML S. Wagy,
who filed a complaint In intervention when
S. N. Griffith and W. H. McKenzle
brought suit against ex-Public Adminis
trator Drinkhouse to quiet title to the
land patented by the United States to
Cuoco. It is said that Wagy and Lamber
son were the money producers when the
estate was sold by the Italian Consul and
that Bacigalupi was only used as a figure
head.
Lamberson has engaged tlje services of
Attorneys Freeman and Bates to assist
him in making the fight to have Judge
Troutt, on Tuesday next, distribute the
Cuoco estate. to BacigalupL
"We are In the fiffht to stay," said
Lamberson yesterday, "%nd we do not
care who contests our rights to the land.
We bought it from the Italian Consul, who
holds the power of attorney from the heirs
and our title cannot be disturbed. All this
fuss and talk has been raised by a few
disappointed people who expected that the
plum was going to fall Into their laps. It
fell our way -and now they are not only
objecting, but resorting to methods that
savor of blackmail. We originally bought
the land for $S00 and thought that would
be the end of the matter. A few days
later a delegation of Italians called on u.-i
and demanded a one-f«brth share In the
property. They said that unless we took
them In they would raise a row and make
it unpleasant for the Consul. They said
that they had informed the. secretary of
the Consul that thev would bid $1500 for
the land. Because we got It for $800 they
charged collusion. I :oid them that I was
willing to do what was right by them if
they would give me a sufficient guarantee
that another batch of them would not ap
pear later and demand a share. They
could not give me such guarantee and I
dropped all negotiations with them. A few
days later J heard from Consul Scr.ra. Hit
was angry and eaid that when he sold the
land for $S00 he had no' knowledge of a
higher off.er having been made to his sec
retary. I always favor peaceful measures
and not wanting to have the Consul un
necessarily' worried and bothered I told
him that when we received a clear deed
and title to the land I would pay him $SW
more. That would make the price $100
higher than, that offered "by the kickers."
"How much have you paid up to the
present time?" was asked.
"We haven't got the title clear yet," re
plied Lemberson, "so the other T800 con
tingent on peace and quiet" has not j been
paid. I don't know where It Is going to
end. I undertand that' there are some
claimants who now allege that they told
Secretary Scodellettl that they were wi!l
ing to bid as high as $3000 for the land.
I guess that they are only dreaming."
The papers attacking the validity of the
sale to Bacipalupl by Consul Serra a»-e
being prepared. The court will - be asked
to set aside the deed on the ground that
It was procured from the Consul by fraud
Attorney T. J. Lyons, who represents the'
Consulate, says that he has ample proof
to show that the Consul wes deceived by
false statements when he sold the prop
erty to BacigalupL
ladles of the whist section of
II the California Club will meet this
I morning at the Palace .Hotel to
UL segregate the many' prizes for -the
great ccrd- game of - to-morrow
evening. Otherwise the ladies have fin
ished all arrangements for the great en
tertainment, and so carefully have all
the details been attended to that It is
perfectly safe to predict that the great
game will pass off without a single hitch.
Very few, if any, of the ladies of the
whist* section will take part in the games
c( the evening, but instead *they will give
their time and attention to receiving the
players and looking after their comfort.
Should any rnember of the California
Club prove fortunate at cards and be en
titled to a prize, that prize will be" of
fered at the auction that will follow the
game. It is also proposed to auction off
all prizes that may not have been won
and to dispose of the cards with which
the great games will have been, played.
It has been decided that the ladies- of
the reception committee will wear white
badges, that the section referees shall be
adorned with blue badges and that the
scorers shall wear gold badges.
Through the courtesy of the Park Com
missioners the ladies will receive many
beautiful ferns and flowers from the
park to be used in decorating the hall.
This wealth of flora will be utilized to
form a grove of greenery, in the depths
of which the musicians will be hid from
view. •
In the disposing of the tickets the ladies
far surpassed their most sanguine expec
tations. It Is estimated that to-morrow
evening at least one thousand people will
take part In tho great card games at the
Palace. •
TWO ENTHUSIASTIC YOUNG MEMBERS OF THE WHIST SECTIONOF THE CALIFORNIA .CLUB WHO ARE
PROMINENTLY IDENTIFIED WITH THE PREPARATIONS FOR THE BIG. CARD PARTY TO BE HELD IN:
THE PALACE HOTEL. TO-MORROW. ¦ , }
The expose made by The Call of the
attempted looting of the estate of Gio
var.n! Cuoco has been the means of sav
in? Edward C. Finch of Portland, Or..
lr.ar.y thousand dollars. Finch was on
the point of buying eighty ax-res of the
so-called "desert land" In Kern County
bflonrrirsg to the estate when The Call
published the story of .the scheme to rob
the relatives of the decedent of their heri
tage. ¦ Finch was to have paid 528.000 for
one-half the land sold by the Italian Con
sul, as attorney for the heirs, to Theo
dore Bacipalup! for fSOO. Finch has
stopped all negotiations »»nd Is now con
gratulating himself on his narrow escape
from being swindled. Bacigalupi and his
attorneys pay that they never heard of
the proposed sale to Finch, and Henry
Bohls, who also lays claim to the land by
virtue of purchase from ox-Public Ad
ministrator Drinkhouse, denies all knowl
edge of the transaction. The land was
offered for pale by F. R. Allen of the firm
of Mosteller & Allen, En the Parrott build
ing. Allen refuses to give the name of
his clients, but says that he was deceived.
He did not attempt to sell the land him
self, but commissioned another firm en
gaged in the same business to find a pur
chaser. The purchaser was found, but be
fore Finch parted with his money the
exposure came. •
"We are entirely innocent of any wrong
doing In the matter of the attempted sale
of a half interest In the disputed prop
erty," paid a member of the firm that
Finch was doalinj? with. "Mr. Allen, of
the firm of Mosteller & Allen In the T*ar
rott building, came to us a few weeks
ago and gave us an order to sell fighty
acres of land in i.ern County at $339 a:i
acre. We did not know at that time that
thpr* was any dispute over the property.
He agrc-fd to give us 10 per cent of the
fal*> price if we found a purchaser. Ed
ward C. Finch of Portland. Or., was de
firnup of huyiner oil land and the property
we had for sale suited him. He entero.1
into an agreement with us last Tuesday
to take the eighty acres for $2S.<v>0 and tlw.
necessary papers -were drawn up. On iti-
ConnatSon receiver! from Allen we told
him that the property b^lonped to an es
tate and that tho administrator wouM
Ff-!1 it in Now York City to pay off debts.
Finch aprreed to r>Iac«» Ji,vtrt i n escrow :n
th» American Dank and Trust Company
and pay the balance rt the purchase price
whr-n he received a clear title to the lanJ.
Allen toM us that the land was to be sol.l
in New York City and that we would be
able to grive the deed after the 13th insu
On the representation of Allen we pledged
ourselves to have the title to the property
clear before the l!Uh of JJarch. The fir.it
intimation that we had of anything wroiis
was or. Thursday morning, when we re-nl
In The Call the story of the attemptcl
looting of the Cucco cst3te. We knew
then that the land we had bargained to
pell to Finch was' part of the property of
tno Cuoco heirs. We sent for Finch "and
explained matters to him. The contrai-t
entered into between us was declared off
and no one is loser, unless it is our firm
We lost considerable time In looking for
a purchaser and are cut our S2-S00 in com
missions. We do not know who com
missioned Allen to neg-otiate the sale of
the eighty acres."
"I am not at Mberty to give the name of
Was About to Purchase an
Interest in Disputed
Property.
Orepian'sBankRoll
Saved l)y Timely
Exposure,
CUOCO ESTATE
LOOTERS FAIL
IN ONE PLOT
Ministers of every denomination-! ..Trill
preach to-day against slavery iii China
town. The recent facts brought%)ut by
the legislative investigation have aroused
the clergy, and every effort will be made
to remove the terrible evil. Ministers of
the gospel will point out 'to their con
gregations the sad state of things as they
exist in Chinatown, and .this concerted
movement against the sale of Chinese
maidens Into the bonds of slavery', it is
hoped, will result "in the wiping out of
the nefarious practice
• A mass meeting will be held in the Cal
if ornii Methodist Episcopal Church this
evening. Rev.^A.'C. Bane, pastor of. the
church, will preach on "Human Slavery In
Chinatown."" 'A large number of rescued
slaves will be present and tell their story
through Dr. J. . E. Gardner, the official
interpreter of the United States Custom
house. Miss Lake, the brave missionary,
will tell of the difficulties of rescue. The
slave girls will sing" and the proposed law
to remedy the evil will be read. . * ¦
Rev. Frank E. Baker, the pastor of the
First M. E. Church, win preach this even
ing on "Municipal TJncleanness and. How
to Cleanse It." .During the sermon the
pastor will speak of the latest develop
ments of the Chinese slavery question.
The annual renewal of pledges of the
members of the League of the Cross will
be held in St. Mary s" Cathedral this af
ternoon. His Grace the most Rev. # Arch
bishop will officiate on the occasion and
deliver the sermon. The various cadet
companies and Junior branches will -as
semble at'their respective meeting peaces
and march to the cathedral. It Is ex
pected that over three thousand youthful
soldiers of temperance will be present.
Rev. T. Brown of- the A.- M. E. Zlon
Church will preach morning and evening.
His sermon in the morning will be on
"The Necessity of Trusting God" .and In
the evening "Joshua's Long Day, or the
Sun Commanded to Stand Still."
Dr. George B. Smyth, assistant secre
tary of the Missionary Society and • for
twelve years at the head of the Anglo-
Chinese Collese in Fuchau, China, will
preach in Trinity M. E. Church, corner
Market and Sixteenth streets, this morn
ing. In the evening Rev. M. D. Buck will
preach on "A Christian's : Duty in Poll
tics." . • -.- *:
A mass meeting for men will be held
in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium this after
noon. Rev. Herbert Brlggs will discuss
"The Question of Life's Course."
Rev. W. C. Jenkins, pastor of the Ham
ilton-square Baptist Church, .will preach
this morning on "The Book "of Genesis"
and in the evening on "A Model Man."
Rev. E. F. Dinsmore of the Second Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning
on "Our Gospel for the Outcast" and In
the evening his subject will be "Bruno,
the Heretic." . •
Rev. F. S. Ford of the First Christian
Church will preach this morning on
"Who Is Mv Neighbor" and in the even
ing on"That "Whosover Believeth."
"The Problem of Influence" Is the sub
ject of a sermon to be preached - this
morning by Rev. J. ' N. Beard of Grace
M. E. Church. In the evening "The Phi
losophy of Faith" will be the subject of a
discourse to be delivered by Rev. Charles
H. Caton. .<:
A gospel sermon will be preached this
morriing by Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pns
tor of the Howard-street M. E. Church.
In the evening he will discuss the slave
trade in Chinatown. ••:•'• - • > ; .'
Rev. - John Stephens of the Simpson
Memorial Church -will preach this even
ins'on "Why Should I Be a Christian?"
Rev. Jtlllton D. Buck of the Trinity M.
E. Church will point out a Christian's du
ties in politics in his sermon this evening.
Rev. George W. Stone, secretary of the
American Unitarian Association, •will
preach to* the congregation of the First
Unitarian Church this morning on "So
cial Questions of the New Century."
Rev. E. H. A very <3i the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
¦morning on ' "Are "We Abraham's. Chil
dren" and in the evening on "The Pil
grim's Progress."
."Spiritual Vigilance" will be. the sub
ject .of a sermon, to be preached this
evening by Rev. H. H. Bell of the United
Presbyterian Church. In the morning his
topic will be "The Unseen Visitor."-
Rev. F. Vernon Jones of the Park Con
gregational Church will preach this evert
ing on "Faces We Like to Meet." and as
a- prelude he will discuss the Chinatown
investigation.
Rev. ¦William Rader of the Third- Con
gregational Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "Disturbed Nests" and in the even
ing on "Reeds and Sparks."
"Mind" will be the topic of discussion
by the members of the First Church of
Christ, which meets at 220 Sutter street,
this morning.
Rev. E. A. "Woods, pastor of the First
Baptist-Church, will preach this morning
on "God Brings Good Out of Evil" and In
the evening on "What to Believe About
Jonah." * ¦. ' . ' ':':
Ministers Will Preach Ser
mons Against Nefarious
r Practice.
* ¦ • .
.Members of the League of the Cross
I to Renew Their Pledges in St.
Mary's Cathedral This
• Afternoon.
CHINESE SLAVERY
TO BE CDNDEMNED
BIG CARD PARTY PROMISES
TO BE A SPLENDID SUCCESS
Ladies Will Meet at the Palace To=Day to Segregate
Prizes Which Have Been Donated.
. . , " ¦¦ . - - .-¦ ¦ . ¦ - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ITEBRtrART 17, 1901.
"No."
22
"KIngsland Art Colors," for wood, leath-
er and photos. At all the large stores. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Bailey's
Pneumatic H
-« Road Wagon
SOLD BY...
ftTUDEBAKER
¦ \^f_. *^"^ ** ' » I
The 'thirty years* experience selling [
vehicles in California brinss results in i
largely increased business.
STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.
Market* arid Tenth.
L. F.. WEAVER, Manage.-.
iPli NEW STYLES
•^ J Straight-Front
CORSETS.
/ "j^/'^^Sa Sapphire. Bon ."Ton and
I /VwCTy Royal Worcssters. •
A ( VvfflT PW0SS:- $100 to $15.00
' V\^Wl\ p«r pair.
K^P^6;GEAR^ST|
;i^/\ ! y Chester -f.: wright,
Ayt—t 7ft/l T •' Royal % Worcester Coraet-
*y~^ -*.; • Flttini Parlor*.
p — — .... ,
ADVEHTISE2IENTS.
g Special \ A „
1 sale I Uil Heaters
Agateware
Jardiniers
I Bottom^ China :
1™ C <*J Crockery
Glassware
©Dinner Sets
loilet oets
Artware
Hreat Ameiican Importina Tea Co.
CITY STORES.
'210 Grant Arc, b; t. Post nnd Suttei
SCI Marlcct St., opp. Powell.
J JIO Sixth 8*. 14IO Polk St.
!12 Third St. 1S19 DcvJsaiero St.
l-VCN.nthSt. 2008 Fillmare St.
SOO<3 Sixteenth St. S2I Montgomery Av,
2.">1« MissiocrSt. 3283 Mission St.
7<K5 1-arkin St. 2732 24th St.
i>.W llajcB S». 475 Hat&ht St.
52 Mnrltet St.
OAKLAND STORES.
fOTin Washington St 1237 Broadway.
i!S."5 *2:«rd Avc. 016 E. 12th St.
1310 Seventh St.
AUAMEDA-I355 Park St.
CAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
70 Other Rranch Stores.
Broken
Eyeglass
X>easrs rtplacr^L tor SO rents.
Any ActigxnaUc lenses duplicated for 9 l.OO
er.« SIJOO. Tr
Guaranteed eonect and best quality.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory on
preidses. Quick repairing. Fbone, Main 10.
642 Market 5t. iNSTRimtNTs
ut*stK CKRO^icLt 8v^0>n&. CATALOCUt FR'C.
SPECIAL SALE
FINE LACE CURTAINS.
We have just received from one of the largest
manufacturers in ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND,
5 CASES, OP 800 PAIRS, FINE LACE CUR-
TAINS, in Paris Point, Renaissance and
These we will place on sale com-
mencing MONDAY, Fehruaru 18th, at lower
prices than similar goods haye ever heen sold
in this citu. Theu come fnhoth douhle and
Single horder, are the veru newest designs,
and "the prices range from
$3.50 to $15.00 per Pair.
We will also place on sale same dan 40
EXTRA FINE SATIN DAMASK TABLE
CLOTHS, four different sizes, with DIN-
NER NAPKINS' TO MATCH.
40- Dozen HAND -EMBROIDERED LINEN
SCARFS, TRAY CLOTHS, CENTER
PIECES and TEA CLOTHS,
5.0 Dozen FINE BATTENBERG SQUARES,
SHAMS, BED SETS, TIDIES and SCARFS.
All the ahoYe goods will he sold Yeru cheap,
will he on displau in our large show windows,
and we call special attention to this Exhibition, •
ill. 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
I THE
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE,
I 1106 Market Street. I
I TELEPHONE SOUTH 4T3* |
h New Dress jlj
I <5 ?fe" 1 • SUrt3 30
1 £|£& Ne? Dress
I . Skirts 15.00
S •f<2\^. New Dress " |
I fl SUrts $7>5 °
|| //v Ifft New Dress
I //A^r skirts $10.00
I \J ( " \ New Dress |
I f / M . sttya»
I \| 'i NewTaflor \
| y • 1 SaIts 515.00
I jo\ \ New Tailor I
1 CW\, Salts $17.50
I N_-52^3 New Tailor
| a-^-^ Salts 520.00
1' TAILOR SUITS To1S)ER $20 TO $50.
£jj >. •>' Fit, Style, Material Goaraatsei.
d »&- WE CLOSE, EXCEPT -^93
H SATURAY, AT 6 P.M. %
I R. T. KEHJJEPTCOMPANY.
: STOVES FROM $7.50 UP.
"We carry & large and complete
• assortment of popular stoves an 4
ranges, among them being th« ex-
tremely popular Charm. Flora ana s
Mono stoves.
TH E J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Above 6th. San Francisco-
FHON&-SOUTJI 14.
DR.MCMJLTY.
¦ nrnis wkll-ksown and reliable old
. L Specialist rurrjUloorl Poison, <)onorrh<eii,(»e-t.
, Strtciurf . Sr-rolniU Weakness. Impotence and their
allleil Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men. free.
Ov««r.3>years>xper I ence N .T>rnmea<?on.ab!e. Hour*. '
9 toMaily ; 8:30 to 3. 30 ev'gs. Snndi»v«, 10 to 12. Consul*
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
SO hi fiearny St.. San i'raaclsco. C=J*
hi -
ADVERTISEMENTS..-•¦•!'¦¦•
VS. C. T -HILDRETH'S, WARING,;
-W1NNER"OF THE 8AN FRAN
CISCO HANDICAP.
Think It Is Johnson's Body.
The shipmates of Martin? Johnson, g'the
quartermaster 9f the horse transport
Conemaugh, '¦ who- fell overboard at<Fol
som-Btreet wharf on January 25 last; be
lieve that* tho body which was found out
side . the beads • by some ** fishermen --. on
Tliursday last is that of their'frtend.^.The
belief of the sailors is based, on a descrip
tion furnished by the Coroner. 1 ' ¦-— - .-.'
Fight -Takes i Placed in \ Ohio.
¦ MARIETTA; Ohio/^ Feb. .16.—Notwith
standing Governor NashV construction of
the law. Marietta and :Parkersburg. sports
saw *Andy " Bezenah ' of • Cincinnati l knock
out Kid McFadden of ; Chicago to-night in
one round of the fastest fighting ever :wlt
nessed here. Gus Ruhlln and 1 Denver Ed
Martin gave fa' clever, sparring exhibition.
All - the a city ; cfflcials 2 were .• present ; and
there was no disposition -to stop the ' con-
Predta ¦.Valley •'. Improvements.
; - By .the action - of . * Superintendent, of
Parks John McLaren." who has started the
laying; of water i pipes i- Into r.Bernal | Park
the residents' of this, section rare at iaat
assured i that' the > long-asked-for • little
pleasure ground will soon: become a real
ity.'- With ; the i improvement, of .this i park
and « the extension * of \ the =¦• many :;, sewers
leading, frotn , Twenty-sixth • into
•Army, the section - lying beiwteen Folsom,
Alabama; <Twenty-sixth ; streets t and j Prc
cltaaVenue will soon be dotted^with com
fortable; family ;residerices.> ;*"* rr ' r ;--, ;
. ¦ -¦ .v ' ... " • '" • ' . ..* ¦
D?.ta Is Lacking.
t WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.— The Commis
sioner .of -the General . Land Office in an.
opinion upon the bill recently introduced
in Congress providing for the extension,
of the General Land Office of the United
States to the Territory of Hawaii, with
rules and regulations for homestead en
tries, by the Secretary of the Interior,
states that the passage of the bill at tho
present, time would not be Justified be
cause of , the lack of data bearing upon
the Hawaiian lands. The Commissioner
recommends .that a committee be ap
pointed to collect' the necessary data.
lodges Give Mask Balls.
The masked ball given last night in Sar
atoga-Hall by Bald Eagle Tribe of the
Improved Order of Red Men and Court
Presidio of the Foresters of America in
aid of the widows of deceased members
of both organizations attracted a crowd
of maskers that filled the . hall to its
limit. -.
Templar Rebekah Lodge, I. . O. O. F.
had a private masquerade in the -,.Odd
Fellows building last evening that -was
well attended by the members and
friends. Those who took part' were at
tired Jn very pretty costumes. -
Inter Nos Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America had a domino
party last evening in the social hall of
the Alcazar bulMlng. The attendance
was made up of the members of this Jolly
circle, who had a Jolly time until mid
night.
Machine Shop Bobbed.
. The machine shop of Henry T. Christie
at -222 Fpeinont street was broken, into
last night shortly after .6 o'clock.' The
robbers effected an entrance by breaking
off the lock of the front door. They got,
away with about $C0 worth of. machinery ,
and the telephone box. ¦-•-'' •
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS./; Feb. 16.— Weather
fine.' Track* lumpy? and slow; Results:
Six and a half /furlongs— Blocker won. Al
Caskey second, Gaodale third. Time, 1:25. '
Mite >and-a ¦-, sixteenth— Brown Vail • won.
Jockey Joe second,". Chorus Boy third. . Tlnre,
1:52%; ¦¦>.¦:": .¦*/-.*: -v'-- ' . *¦ '¦ ¦¦ • ¦ ¦-¦ ."'¦•'><
'¦' Steeplechase, handicap, short course— Miss E.
'Ransom : won, Don Clarenclo .. second, Lizzie
Kelly third. , Time. 3:22. -*...- '-¦•"-*•'. ' ..> -
¦•- The Do Soto handicap,' seven f urlonjra— Clcales
won, k Intrusive second, ,-Prestar third. .Time,
1:3OV4^» ¦'-.--.' '
Seven furlongs, selling— J. H. Sloan won, Tne
Burlington Route second." Cape Jessamine third.
Time. 1:32.- ¦•¦;¦¦:•¦ .^> ¦' ' ¦- , - " ¦-• ¦ --:
Six furlongs— Uterp won, ¦ Barney Saul second.
Harry Duke third/. Time. 1:17. ., ;
Painter's Fall May -Prove Fatal.
F.-Petersen. a 'painter, residing at 23
Washington street, while at work on a
new building- at . Hartford and Castro
streets . yesterday, fell off the staging: to
the ground; a distance of twenty feet. Ha
was. taken to -the -Receiving Hospital and
Dr. Murphy found he had sustained a
possible fracture of the- skull and internal
injuries which may prove fatal.
¦ Edward .Barry,', residing on Tehama
street, . Between Third and Fourth, was
shot in the Va"ck~and fatally wounded by
Louis Edwards, „ gamekeeper In the Chi
cago 'saloon.. Third street, near :Howard,
at 11 :30 o'clock last • night.* Barry was
found lying on the sidewalk on Natoma
street,- between Third and* Fourth, by
George O'Brien of ; 7S9V4 Minna . street.
O'Brien took him to a drug store near
by and from ¦ there he was sent to the
Receiving^ Hospital. /Drs. Murphy and
Thrasher: found that -the bullet had en
tered the -back • near - the eighth rib . and
ranged downward,- lodging near the kid
neys. . They could, hold out no -hope -for
the ' Injured - man's life. : : ; /;. . • .
VThepollce were, for a time " deeply; puz
zled; by the "affair. :' Barry, although con
scious and apparently realizing Ms condi
tion," refused .positively to": tell" who shot
him or under" what "circumstances he had
been injured. : It was finally learned that
he 1 had. been in -the; Chicago, saloon and
Edwards, was; arrested about 1 .o'clock
this niornlngand charged with 4 the shoot-
Ing. V He, admitted having ": fired ". the , shot,
but .claimed he did so ¦ in self "defense.* as
Barry had returned to' the place; and as
saulted him after having been ejected for
being -drunk and; noisy. ; . " .'
.John Stafford "was In the -saloon when
the ' shoo ti n g ; occurred. ? He ; claims - that
Barry £ was playing ; poker, and when .Ed
wards reused to'; give ¦ him money f or v his
'check*'; a\ quarrel ¦ ensued. '" Barry, began
throwing^ .bottles" at 'Edwards," 'and" in * the
general rough house that followed Ed
wards drew a revolver and shot Barry, i
At 2 o'clock this morning Barry was
sinking rapidly. . * . . ; ;'.'*:¦
Accused of Bobbing Hotel Guest
John Hostln,- a portef at. the Interna
tional Hotel, was taken into custody last
night by Detective -Reynolds and his name
placed on the detinue book at the Central
siation. Hostln is suspected of having
robbed two soldiers, guests of the hotel,
on Friday night while they slept. - One
cf the soldiers, John Sweet, lost $120 and
his companion $5. According to the police
a number" of crimes have recently been
committed in this hotel. Last week John
Donohue. a bellboy In the place, was ar
rested on a charge of having taken $100
and a watch from Frank Coyne, and was
later held to answer before the Superior
Court. The amount Coyne was robbed
of was the savings of two years' of ser
vice in the army, and Its loss left him
penniless,. He was compelled, to re-enllst.
Hostln. the police claim, was Donohue's
confederate in this robbery.
Haggin Purchases Ben Holliday.
LEXINGTON*; Ky., Feb. 16.— It is re
ported on good authority that J. B. Hag
gin has purchased of Easton & Larable
Ben Holliday, the great son of Hanover,
and ten mares, five jyearllngs and suck
lings. Colonel W. S. Barnes, owner of the
Melbourne stud,- announces that on -ac
count of ill health he will retire ' from
the racing business and wilhsell his string
of thirty-four thoroughbreds.
BY 1 I/yUlS - HONTO.
...\". , h O r SE '.belonging. to/Sam, fill
' /\. dreth that Is known. by the name
-*s=\ . of Waring won the San Francisco
A ¦ i\.^ handicap : at ' Tanforan yesterday.
"; , the race that had $10,000 added and
was easily the event of the Tanforan sea
son. ¦ ¦ JRarely, If ever • before, has such a
field" of "horses gone to the post In' Cali
fornia, but /"Waring put -'them all out. of
thelruhnlng from the upward Jump of the
banner. Waring: was- the bandmaster and
sojfast was-hls swing- of. pace that all the
others lost'themselves'ln vain "endeavor to
kei'p. time. '.-.'¦ ; .- -.- > ,'•••• ,- : . ;
Warlng's / company - when th© • sixteen
star hoof performers. lined at the' barrier
was', ftie most, select of . aristocratic
equines." ¦ They -were Advance Guard, top
weight,* with 121 pounds; Vesuvlan 116, The
Lady and ¦ Vulcain -113, Andrisa and Gon«
falon 106,' Specific, and Joe Frey 105, Can
more 104, Greenock. 103, Star Chamber and
Autumn 102, • Imperious and » Vulcain • 101
and Beau Ormonde 92. " When these well
tried, and famous runners stepped outlon
the track from the paddock a cheer, went
up from the grandstand, that -was packed,
to the. '.overflowing.' Tod Sloan on The
Lady was the first to receive a signalized
applause. ¦ Then came Tommy Burns on
Specific ;Winnle O'Connor on Star Cham
ber and . Patsy. McCue on Waring. . The
turn -was made below the stand and all •
cantered away easily . to the three-quarter
post,, for the race was over, the mile and a
quarter route. •' ••> • •. - - .-. —
Some little" time i was. consumed j In the
start, bait when .'• Richard . Dwyer snapped
the barrier the sixteen darted forward.to
gether.- At thevery outset McCue forced
Waring to- the • front,'- which - position he
retained until the race had run Its course*
Specific and ¦ Imperious tried to'ta'ck on,
but " they did not have the . necessary
strength, speed or stamina. Imperious
lasted for half a mile, when Specific/ and
Vesuvlan took:up. the battle. The pack
trailed on behind lost In futile efforts. The
great- Advance Guard - fell behind." so did.
Gonfalon, • Joe Frey. Andrisa. Canmore
Shot in the Back During a (Quarrel Over a Card Game
' _ in the Chicago Saloon.
EDWARD BARRY IS MORTALLY
WOUNDED BY LOUIS EDWARDS
Ion's corruxmted Iron mare Sly mada her
appearance. She was one of seven start
ers In the third recital, and because a ro
port gained credence that she was 1 not lit,
6 to 5 was freely laid. Bullman came from
behind with her In the race, and after a
mild drive, disposed of Coming Event and
Good Hope by a length.
Stuart fell In for a whole lot of censure,
because of losing the mile and a sixteenth
selling: affair with Bathos. After having
Rollick under subjection aJid all -out.
Stuart did not perceive Mounce steal up
on the outside with the Bobby until too
late. Then he went to washing clothes,
but too late, and lost by a head. The win
ner was an even monev choice. . •• .
Tom Ryaji s sprinter. .The Pride, com
manded much respect and attention, when
betting began on the last event, a slx-fur
lohg spin. Nash Turner had the mount,
but the horse lacked speed, running third.
Meehanus outfooted Maggie Davis all the
way, beating the little mare two lengths
in 1:14.
Track Notes.
After losing S7000 betting on The Lady
Tod Sloan became disgusted with the
mare, and after the big race at Tanforan
disposed of her to Sam Hildreth for
$C000.T
t>n behalf of the Jockeys riding at Oak
land track Johnny Bullman presented
Starter Caldwell with a handsome gold
headed cane yesterday.
Morris Epplnger is still sore over losing
Sad Sam. It seems that Morris thinks
Sad Sam Is still the property of Brown &
Llger, but ia being raced In Fred Cook's
nanae to dodge being bid up. After The
Bobby, a horse owned by Cook, won Mor
ris boosted the selling price from $400 to
JSOO. . .
Before the first race at Tanf6ran yester
day officials of the San Francisco Jockey.
Club were served with an Injunction is
eued by Judge Sloss ordering the officers
not to enforce Its ruling against Jockey
Wedderstrand's riding until the | matter
was heard In court. WeddVrstrand rode
Autumn in the handicap.
Clem Jenkins rode his last race at Oak
land yesterday. To-day the clever and
gentlemanly California boy leaves for
England, where he will again. ride in the
colors of Prince Soltykoff. : .
BY F. E. HULHOLLAND. .
OWEN' MOUXCE, the Idaho chap,
•with the leg up on The Fretter,
'.andcii his mount first for the
Burns handicap, the most covetei
event of the California racing cal
endar, at Oakland track yesterday. As
fortune willed it. the rich prize fell to a
poor man. for, while Frank J* O'Rourke,
who owns the winner, is a prosperous
farrier, he is not the possessor of money
to burn. For years Bums & Waterhouse
hav© striven to capture the. stake named
after the senior member of the. firm, but
in vain, for In the big race yesterday
Kavonius, only recently purchased at a
*-o»i of # veral thousands, finished second.
and so the bitter must be taken with the
tweet. Owner O'Rourke generously prom
ised Jockey Mounce 51000 if successful In
taidr.g the long end of the purse, $500 if
eecond and 5HR' If he finished third. •*
Seldom -has society turned out so large
ly at the track across the bay, and this
In ihe face of the lowering clouds that
threatened rain. Among the crowd of
nearly 5'XiO people present were noticed
many of the ultra fashionables from botn
San Francisco and Oakland Inner circles
Following is a list of those observed dur
vjg the aftewioon oa the .clubhouse ver
anda and lawn or in the stand:
Mr. and Mrs. L. V. Bell, Mr. and Mrs. Tale,
Mrs. CluJT anl Miss Ciuff, Miss Kowena Burns.
Mr and Mrs. G. >V. Urayson, Miss Jennie
Duapbr. ilifs Lucy May Hayes. Mrs. S. Roth
and M"i*s Jioth. Mrs. Charles Ford and Miss
Kord. Mr. and Mir. IV. E. Uargle. W. E.
Uargie Jr.. Miff Annie L>argie. Miss \ lola
Perry. R- Rawson Gray son, Thomas McCaleb,
\\' Kit, Herman Oe'rlc-hs. Mrs. E. I* G.
etee!>- and Mis-s s^teele. Mr*. Horace Hussey.
W Hamilton. A J. Howie. Mrs. Cljarlets Ben
tsxtX Mrs. l)a_r.forth. Dan T. Murphy. Mr. and
fri Thomas role, II. I>nt, Charles Welch,
P. Hitlict. E.- F. GpraM. Harry T. Cress
.; rTurtiw Dunphy Mrs. Hollister ar,d Miss
ii ..::h.t Mr. Halj*r. Captain C XJ. Lyman.
2.. bard Tease, T. IJ>a.n!«?] Krawley, Joseph M.
«iuay. J. C. llackett. Mrs. I>an!el Hanlon, H.
JIarb' Veuve, Hon. Tnuctoa Heale. Mr. and
Mrs. Black, Warrt-n English. J. W. Philips.
:¦'.:* Por.tr n Ce Arce. Miss Audrey, Miss Ses
•lone, Mr. Wright. Mr. Oppenhflmer. Mr. Bur
nett. Mr. and Mrs. Ohar!*-s t>eaxle«. Mr. Shel
don. Mr. a_r:d Mrs. Charl«-» L. Ifavlr, Mr. and
Mrs. -paxtoTi Wright. Mies Hr^alan, Walter G.
Manurl. John L. Davie. William McKinnon,
John C. Lynch. Robert Grayson, II. D. Rowe,
SI A. Gunst, Jwigt Mortimer Smith. Judpe
V.". It. l>ain«<>rCeia. Mrs. \V. \S'. Crane, J. J.
l>*m;er. Martin Agulere. Judge F. H. Kerrl- :
tan. John Hackett, Captain K. Hackett. Krar.it
J. Moffltt, John Kr.glish. George E. Gross,
¦Charles Bates. Charles L. Lovell. H. A. Tubbts
W. E. GrlSf.lhF. I'. J. Cadosan. W. M. Ward,
E. K. Allen. M. K. Miller, Edward Quinn,
\V. P IJunlevy. Jchn J. McLtonald. Dr. H. i
F. BulUvan, Judee E. M. Gibson, Ii. J. Ban
ning.
N'atura'Iy enough, the first three events
decided, while furnishing fair sport, were
paesed over lig-htly tay speculators and the
public alike, v.ith an appetite v.hctted for
the handicap. With four marked absent
of the original list of starters, nine ac- |
cepted the v.-eights. Burns & \\ aterhouse
-sent a quartet after the coin. Kavonius.
carrying tcp weight. 124 pounds, and Bull
nan in the fsaddie; BanRyr, 107, C. Jenkins
up; Mortgage, S3, Ransch, and Scotcn
l'laid. l(X», Stuart up. This made the
etable an odds on favorite, 1 to 3 belli;?
in< best offerr-d. Tom Ryan placed much
faith In St. Slmonian. which was playod
down from VI to 6. The Fretter, with 109
j">ynds un, oper.eil at 4 and receded to 7
arid fe. Th<» othors were nibbled at, owing
V) the odfis laid, Joe IUpley beiog at one
lime 150 to 1.
Starter Jake Holttnan made no mistakes
t>. the post, for after Bangor and 6ea
.on had each broken op a start the flag
M to a mapnlricem break. Following
instructions Kansch took Mortgage out
in front, while IluUman, astride Favonius
dropped In behind the mare. The track
«af not fast, the first mile being covered
in IC',4. Anxious to jret home first. Bull
mar, had passed 3IortRage before' this,
and on making the stretch turn pat d.own
to rde. St. Simonlan had fallen out of
It. Itorinel had shot her bolt. Bangor sulk
•O. and nothing looked to have a chance
n< w but The I'retter. Morinel had moved
up j-radually from sixth position with the
latt' r horse, and T/hen called upon easily
overlook Favonius and a furlong from the
wirf had the tipper hand. Bullman on
F&vodus rode with desperation, but a
hopeless task confronted him. The Fret
*<r v.-inning by a kngth In 2:074. Uttle
liro^ien put up a fairly clever ride on old
J'v- Hlpl<-y. one of the light weights, dror
pir.jr in for third money. The winner's
vict'ry was a <led<Jed!y popular one, und
"hi:, the floral horseshoe was placed
aror-id the winner's neck and he was pa
it-dfj before the stand both horse and
rider were tendered an ovation.
Tr.» upset in the stake was not the only"
r as'- of a favorite biting the dust, for
Ihe u-o-year-old C^rrigan and The Pride
irorr the* Ryan f table also failed to arrive
'•n t!r, e . John Hullman piloted three and
¦ Mou-t-e two of the horses first over the
platt. ¦ -..*.. • .
it;*' ion ruled a 6 to 5 chance for the
Dtwaig scramble, defeating hie field very
clevcry. Coming from behind. La 31 as
" tia vjth Mounce up took the place from
?ifild J.aron. . -
Fell? Carr's two-year-old Corrlgan was
ramitt-d one of the "einchers" of the bill
•A farf and 6 to 5 was accepted as a liberal
Tf'tation. Bullman saxed no ground on
*¦»<• tu:rjs with the black fellow, and ran
t!.:rd. Showing a brilliant flight of epeed.
J- .ora Pomona lacke-1 staying- qu&litieE,
••:.<3 B'tcwar won :handily by over ' a
t! e first time this eeason Dan Han-
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Saturday.
Feb. 16, 190L— Weather cloudy. .Track
g-ood.
1S3S. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up;, purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St 4. Str. Fin.
1833 Ralston, a, 109. Bullman 4 1114 11
1793 La M'scota. a, JOo.M'nce 2 6 1 3 12 3
1CM G'd Baron. 5. 107. Jenkns 12 4 2 2 3 3
1545 Foul Play. 4, lOS.Howell 5 3 1 4 3-44
15S9 Snips, 6, 105 Howson 6 6 1 5 1 6 2
1777 Antioch, . 5, 107 Ross 7 7 7 6 1
1S21 I D't Know. a. 107.Devin 3 4 1 6 1 7
Tlme r -H. :13; H. :53; %. 1:01%. Good start.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner, F. D. Weir's b.-g. by White-Sis Brlggs.
Halston ran one of his good races. Mounce on
La.Mascotta waited too long. Route not long
etcug-h for Snipe. . ' •- . :.»."•.
Betting— Ralston, 4-5; La. Ma.icotta. i: Gold
Baron,-- 15: Foul Play, 6; Snips, 16; Antloch,
150; I Don't Know. 20.
18S3. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two
year-olds; second event; purse, '$300.
Index. Horse, .Wt. Jockey.* St. %. Str. Fin.
1775 Rose war, 115 Jenkins 4 2 2 ... 114
1W6 F. Pomona. 107... Ho well 6 14 .... 2 4
OS30)Corrigan. US. ...Bullman 3 5 5 ... 3n
• l!>06 Jarr'tre d'Or. 115. .. Ruiz 1 3 4 ... 4 4
1SC6 Malaspina. 107... Mounce 2 4 1 ... 5 %
1794 Gartha, 103 ...Kelly 7 6 3 ... 6 10
1830 Barklylte. 103 Logue 8 8 ...7 1
1(03 Torilla, 106 .Ross 5 7 10 ... 8 ;
Time— U. :2<; 4. <49.' Good start. Won clev
erly. Second and third driving. , Winner, Burns
& AVaterbouse's br. f. by Imp. Artillery-Sweet
Iiose. Rosewar splendidly ridden. Flora Po
mona grew very weary near the close. Corri
gan went the overland.
Betting— Rose war, 2; Flora Pomona, 4; Cor
rlgan, 6-5; JarreUerre d'Or, 10; Malaspina, 20;
Otrtha. 60: Barklylte. coupled with- Jarretlerre
COt- Torilla, 60. ...
1S34. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; three
jear-olds and up: -purse, J4C0.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. *4 Str. Fin.
1186 fcly, a, HI Bullman 6 5 4 In 11
Iil7 Cm. Event, 4, 97.Sh,eehan 2 4 1 4 1 2 n
1771 G'd Hope, 5/ lOl.Mcunce 7 7 6 3 3 3
.... T. Irishman, 4, 99. Weir 12 1 3 h 4 1
1S21 Allss R'wna.6. 101."Rnsch 3 3 h. 2 h 5 4
1626 Looram. a, 103 Hoar 4 11. 5 1 6 6
1101 M'tn Dew, 5, lOl.Yancey 6 6 17 7
Time-To* %.:214; to 4. :46; last %. 1:01%;
short K, 1:114. Good start Won easily. Sec
end and third driving. , Winner, D. M. Han-
Ion's b. tn. by Raclne-Aurella II. Sly, reported
short, ran with marked gameness. Coming
Invent a surprise. Good Hope finished well.
Miss Rowena weakly ridden. Looram showed
a package of speed. Scratched— Tiburon 103.
Betting— Sly, 6-6; Coming . Event. 40; Good
Hope, 7-2; Tame Irishman, 6; Miss Rowena,
u-2; Looram. ICO; Mountain Dew, 100. *
1S55. FOURTH RACE— Alile and a quarter;
Burns Handicap; three-year-olds and up;
value, $10,000.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. . St. 4. Str. Fin.
17S9 The Fretter, 5, 100.Mnce 8 '4 h 2 n 11
1744" Favonius, 5, 124.Bullman 4 2 h 1 2 2 4
U28 Joe Rlpley, a, 95.Brodien 6 5 1 3 4 3 1
1746 Bangor. . 5. 107 Jenkins 3 9 8 2 4 n
1F.07 Morlnel, 6. 104...Materne 7 6 2 6 H 5 H
Cf'17)Sea Lion, 6. 99. Matthews 5 3 1 4 4 6 Vi "
<lM4)Sctch Plaid. 6, 100. Stuart 1 717 7 4
1579 Mortgage, 4, 93...Ransch 3 11 6 4 ' 8 2
1R45 St. Sim'n'n. a, 113.Turnr 9 8 4 9 9 •
Time— Vi, :25; 4.' :504: %. 1:164: mile. 1*424:
l»-im, 2:074. Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner, F. J..O ¥ Rourke"s ch.- h. by Imp.
Krutus-Nerva. Mounce on The Fretter rode
a perfect race. ' Bullman astride Favonius too
anxious. With a strong ride Rlpley could have
vrcn. He was pocketed rounding the far turn.
Banger sulked. Morlnel stopped. St. Simonlan
n disappointment. Scratched— Waring 124, The
'Monk 100, Bathos 100, Yellowtail 110. •¦ -
Betting— The Fretter, 7;. Favonius, 1-3* Joe.
Rlpley, -100;- Bangor, Scotch Plaid and Mort
gage, coupled with' Favonius; Morlnel, 20; Sea
Lion, 12; St. Simonlan, 6.
1850. FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
st-lling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.*, •
Ir-dex.- Horse. Wt, Jockey.' St.' 4. Str. Fin.
<i>>07)The Bobby, 4. lOLMunce 17 3 1 1 h
1V84 Bathos. 4, 104 Stuart 4 4 4 2 4 2%
1795 Rollick. 3, 86<....Ransch 2 14 In !J
1&19 Loneliness, 3. 8".Webstr 6 2 h 4 1 4 1
i 1719 Exped'nt, 4, . 104.Frawley 7 6 18 4 5 1
(I829)P Archtb'ld, 3, Sl.Brodn 6 6 1 6 10 6 15
1&19 None Such.- 6, 106..Devin 8 S h • 7 -7 ,
Time— 1-16. :07; 6-16, :31%; 9-16, '• :57;. 13-16,'
1O2K; mile, 1:42H: 1 M6m 1:43. - Good start.
V.'on first three driving.' Winner, Fred Cook's
ch. g. by Inspector B-Pansy Bioesom. Mounce
came from far back : with The . Bobby., and.
catching Stuart cat-napping, got the decision.
Kollick quit. f •¦¦¦-,-¦ • ,•
Betting— The Bobby, 1; Bathos, 6; Rollick,
6-5; Loneliness, 15; Expedient, 25; Phil Archi
bald, 20; Nona Such. 60. .-', ••-.• .;•-: •' :
3S57. SIXTH .RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; pursed S400. ' .
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
l»20 Meehanus, o. 108.Bullmn 2 1 n 11 12
1797 M. Davis, 5. lOl.Mounce 1.22.-21,21 .
1£24 The Pride. 5, 113. Turner 3 6h 4 1 8 2
17»7 D. WelthofT. 5. 99.ttnsch 4 3 h 3 4 4 4
(17S7)Jerid, 6. 106 Howell 5 4 1 6 10 B 5
lf>05 Un Cadeau. 4, 1«4. Stuart 7 7 17 5 6 1
1&33 Peace, 5. 105 ....Ross 6 6 2 6 3 7 15 •'.
(1833)Clarando 6.106 Devln S 8 -8 8 •
Tlme-Vi. :244: H, :4S4: %,a:14. Good start.
-Won - first' three, driving. Winner,; Caesar
Young's. ch. h. by. imp. Golden Garter- Fedalma.
Mechanug finally showed his true form.* The.
Vrlde not at 'his best. Dollle WelthofI out
footed. Peace not warlike. -- Clarando. • had
Hpeed— in a former i race. Scratched— Torslna
Ml. < ¦¦;¦' "¦ . ••;. . : ¦> -.-.,.--.' " •'-¦¦'
' Betting— Meehanus. 3; Maggie Davis, 4; The
.Pride. §-5r Dollle Weithoff. 10; Jerid, 9-2; Un
Cadeau, 60*. Peace, 15; Clarando,- 15.
TATTFORAN PABK-Saturday, Feb. lb,
,. 1901.— Weather cloudy. Track fast ,v
184G. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; "three
. year-olds; purse, . f 400. . • .
Index, Horse, Wt; Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(17Si)Ada K, 110 McCue 4 2 h 21 11
(lSH)Selde. 115 Henry 111 1 V, 2 IVi
(1769)Grafter. 112 ...T. Burns 2 4^=33 35.
1829 CompaKS, 100. ..Buchanan 3 6 5 2 4 h
1783 Bon. Llssak, 100.. Walsh 6 5h 4 4 5 10
1246 Illllouon. 102... Dominick 6 3 3. 6 6 ,
•Time— H. :13; U. :24*i : V4. :4S%; %. 1:27. Good
start. "Won first three driving. Winner. C. L.
Jones & Co.'s b. f. by Herald-Santa' Rosa."
Seide got a bit the ¦ best ' of the sendoff. but
weight nold. Ada N- got strong handltng.
Grafter. fell too far out of it first haft mile.
Illllouon plenty of speed. --,--¦ •".:. ¦'.-.":
BetUng-tAda >J, 8;- S«lde. 5: Grafter. U-l«:
Compass, 15; Bonnie Llasalc, 7-2; Illllouon. 60.
1847. ¦' SECOND; RACE-J-SlX; furlongs; four-
year-olds and up; purse, $400. - . > *. -» ' • .
Index, Horse, AVt, -Jockey. -i St.. M.- Str. Fin.
1825 Pupil, 4, . 106 HenryS In 21, Ih.
(16G8)St.- Cuthbert.' 6. 103.Buch 3 3 1 1 h > h
1824 Prejudice. 4, 106... Burns 1 2 2ft 4 2 3 5
(lS26)Esplrando, 6, 103.Domnk 4 5 3 H 4 5
1837 Alas. 4. 90 J. Walsh 5 4h 5' 5.
Time— H. :24; H. :48: .%. < l:13Vi. Good «tart
"Won- first three driving. -Winner, O.-B.. Morris'
b. h; by.imp. 81r Modred-SchoolvGlrl. Preju
dice got cut oft near the half or she might
have won. Pupil ran a smashing race. So
did St. Cuthbert. Scratched — MacGyle 104."' ¦-'¦
.1 Betting— Pupil, 12; St. Cuthbert, . 6-5.; • Preju
dice, 8-5; Esplrando, 16; Alas, 12. • . - ¦
1848. v THIRD P.ACE-Two; and a half miles;
Steeplechase handicap; four-year-olds and up:
purse,' $300. V _z^-. '.: . - J . ' .','
Index,' Horse, Wt, Jockey.. WJ. ; L.J. Str.Fln.
(17S2)Credo. 6 h 171.Hueston 2 6 1 1 1 1 2 il20
1813 Eva Moe, 4. 128. Tanner 3 8 3 15 2 20 2 2S
1812 Periwig, 6. 13O..McKen 4 4.4 34
1S15 Koenlg. 5, 126...Brodle 5 5 3 3>4 "
(lS12)Lothlan." 5. ISo.Suthrtd 1 H • « . ...> ...
1799 Pallucas, 6,- 125.McMhh * ... ...,,..
Time— 4:51 1 /4- Good start. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Tod Sloan's b. g. 'by Morello-Prlze.-
Credo best. Heuston rode a waiting race. - Lo
thian very tired at last Jump' and- fell. Bal
ance no account. •Fell.- '. . ; . •• •
Betting— Credo, 11-5; Eva Moe, 9; Periwig, 12;
Koenig, 25; Lothian, 1; Pallucas, 10. . <v
1849. FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter
miles; San Francisco ' handicap; three-year
olds and up; purse, {11,775. n . .'
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin!
US00)WarinK, 4, 117....McCue 7 16 1'5 13'
1711 Vesuvlan, 4. 116 Rnos 4, 4 h 3 1 2 3
1800 Specific,. 4, 105.. T. Burns 15 12 1.34
1784 The Lady,. 4,- 113... Sloan* 6 h 4 3 ;4 h
1827 S. Chamber. 4. MIO'Conll 8 h ' .7 Vi 6 h
(182S)Ad. Guard. 4. 121.Weberl0 12 1 ¦ 8 2 6 1
. 1694 Autumn, 5. 102..Wedrstd 8.13 h ¦¦ 9 1 7 1:
(1784)Vulcaln, 4, 113...'.Henryl5 10 1 5 1' 8h:
1824 Lavator,^. 101 .'.See 6 14 11 9 1 '
;... B. Ormonde, 3, 92..Dalyl2 3 2 10 H 10
(1779) Imperious, 6, lOl.Buchan 2 2 h' 13 11
1711 Andrisa. 4." 110. J. Wood? 5 ' 7 h- 12 H 12
1827 Gonfalon. 4. 106. .Dorank 3 11 % 14 . 13 ;
(1813) Joe Frey, Z J 105...AValshl3 9 1 6 3 . 14
(1827) Greenock. 4. 103..Baslngrrl4 16 16, 15
(1747)Canrnore, 3, 104.;Pftelanl8 15 15 16 ,
Time— U. :24%: H, V:48%; %. 1:14%: m. l:39%r
lVlm,- 2:05V4. Good start. "Won easily. Second
and -third driving-. '- Winner,. S. -C. HUdreth's
b. h. by imp. Massetto-The Sweeper. . Waring
had the speed and outran .his field. Advance
Guard mussed about. The. Lady had no ex
cuses." . Vesuvian ' closed strong-. Speciflo.ran
his race. Star Chamber 1 ran a. swell race and
was well ridden. Autumn made up -a lot of
jcround. < Beau Ormonde plenty of early ' speed.
Scratched— St.- Simonlan 108, Vain 98.
Betting— Warinr. 9-3: Vesuvlan, 1\\ Specific.
12 ; The Lady, 2 : Star • Chamber, 1 10 ; ' Advance
Guard 6: Autumn, 15; '¦ Vulcain. coupled with
Waring; Lavator. 100; Beau Ormonde, 30; Im
perious, 100; Andrisa ., and Canmore, : coupled
with Vesuvlan; Gonfalon, 15: 'Joe Frey, 12;
Greenock, coupled with Joe Frey. ;
1S5O. FIFTH - RACK— One and a j sixteenth
miles; selling; f our- year-olds and up; purse,
Index, Horse, TTt,- Jockey. Bt. - H. Str. Fin.
(1815) Wyoming, a, 106..O'Conr 4 8 4 2 h 1 ns
1S02 Owensboro. - 4, .107.Henry 3 2 H3 6 2 5 .'.
1777 Astor. 6, 106. . .'.T. Burns 2 1 2 M 1 3 12
1837 Burdock, 4; 95. :J.< Walsh 1- 4 10 4 8 4 65
(1791)La Borgia, 4, 99. ..Buch 5 5. ,5 • 5 ( .. ( .
Time— 1-16, :06% ; 5-l«, ' :3H4 : 7-16, :43V4 : . U-l«.
1:084; m, 1:40%; 1 l-16m, l:47tf. Good start.
Won , first three driving. Winner, J. ¦ G.
Brown & Co.'s b. g. by Pardee-Caprice. Wyo
ming outgamed Owensboro. Astor stopped-
Scratched— Lavator. 100,, Free Lance 106.
Betting— Wyoming. ; 4-6; Owensboro, 7-2; As
tor, 6-2; Burdock. 60; La Borgia, 15. .•-..•
1851.', SIXTH "RACK— One mile; three-year
plds: and : up ; purse, i 1400. •.- -•....-•¦
Index '- Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.,
1560 Florizar.- 4.' 105..Buchan 2 3 2 113
(1783) Janice." 3,. 92. V...J. Daly 1.2 12. 1 h Ih,
(1S24) Montanic,^- 104... Burns 8.1 H,J_ .3 .
' Time— V4.:23:H.:4S%;%; 1:14%; mile, 1:41^.
Good start. Won cleverly. ¦¦'¦ Second and third
driving. "Winner," H. . J. Scroggan's b. h. by
imp. Florist-Czarina. Montanlc 'and Janice
raced • each other into the ground. . Florizar
bumped • them ¦ both badly In! stretch;- Scratched
—Autumn 107," Waring, 112. Gonfalon: 105.'-. .
•',*. Bettlng-^Florlzar, 20: : Janice, -2; Montanlc,
9-20.>.:,' •:• ' ;-.¦: ¦•"¦>¦ ."¦' • '¦''¦•- • ¦ ¦: . ¦ '
and Greenock. Now and then a cry
would be heard from the stand for The
Lady, but Sloan's horse was simply In
and .not of the race. It was Waring- all
the way. • "When the three-quarter post
was reached Beau Ormonde sniffed the
front Air next to Waring, but soon died.
After that second place lay between Spe
cific and Vesuvtan and they fought It out"
on the stretch, the latter finishing- ahead
of the show winner by three lengths. A
straggling line of horses, Th© Lady lead-
Ing the non-winners, came In with de
jected heads and sour looks. .
There was nothing exciting to the race,
on account of the "Waring dominance.
Shout upon shout arose from the "stand
for The Lady, but Sloan's horse did not
respond. . A favorite at odds of SH to 1.
the money rolled Into the books on this,
choice. Vulcain was coupled with Waringp
in the bettins, which was ft* to 1 at its
best ' ¦ • .
Jennings* - stable. Andrisa. Vesuvian
and Canmore. sold at 7 to 1. The entire
purse was .for $11,773. the net value to the
winner being $8241 75. After the race Sam
Hildreth smiled as he thought of hi3 an
nouncement, on the previous day that If
the -weather were fine he would not start
"Waring. The weather may not have been
what is usually called fine, but the track
was dry and fast, and McCue— this was
his first ride in California this season
showed just how fast Waring could be
made to go.'
It was a genuine - holiday crowd that
flocked to Tanforan yesterday, and the
bookies were kept busy taking the mon*y
right away from it without the turn of h.
lash. -The whole thing came so easy. th»
bookies really couldn't help it. Out of the
six races' but one favorite passed the wfra
for first money, and that" was unbeatable
Wyoming, who was twisted around at the
post when the start was made. But the
race .was a long- one.- and by sheer cour
age, grit and strength "Wyoming-, with;
O'Connor ud, passed under the wire • a
bare neck ahead o£ Owensboro.
The long-shot feast began with the first
dish- served by Ada N at S to 1. Grafter
was an odds on favorite, but there was
no real work done in the seven furlongs
event, and even Seide ¦-. passed the * evil
named for the place. -»Burns rode a poor
waiting race on Grafter. • ¦'
- In the second race Pupil. With Henry up.
beat out Bucnanan 'on St. Cuthbert and
Tommy Burns on Prejudice. Pupil sold
at 12 to 1
• The- 'steeplechase was one- of the best
ever given at Tanforan. Credo and L<v
thian took the last Jump together and the
race would have been a pretty on© had
not Lothian stumbled, throwing Suther
land and leaving Credo an easy winner.
At the first jump Pallucus fell,- throwing
McMahon. his rider, but this meant noth
ing- to the horse, who got on his feet and
finished the full course along with Credo.
- The last race, ono mile, for three year
olds and up. was three-cornered with
Morvtanlc a 1 to 3 favorite. Florizar. the
winner, sold as high as 20 to 1. Buchanan,
clad In stars and. stripes, dropped far be
hind 1 Janice and Montanlc. who fought
their strength to tatters on • the back
stretch.' so that when the 'finish came the
stars and stripes won th* day. Burns
claimed a foul, ,a bump by. Florixar In the
stretch, but It was not allowed. Thus the
day wound up -with another long shot In
the foreground.
Leads Sixteen | High Glass Starters in the San Francisco
Handicap for Ten Thousand Dollars.
The committee appointed Friday after
noon at a meeting- of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners and representative
members of the commercial-bodies of San
Francisco to further the cause of the con
struction of the seawall at China Basin
by the San \ Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company, met yesterday
in executive session.
A State law, passed March 26, 1895. and
amended in February, 1900, empowered the
Board of Harbor Commissioners to lease
certain lands of the State to any railroad
corporation not then having . terminal
facilities In the city, and county of San
Fraricsico. To the board was also gram
ed the power to authorize the construction
of seawalls and other improvements by
the lessees. ....
The railway company mentioned pro
posed to the Harbor Commissioners to
build a seawall along the bay 'side of its
premises. .The proposition was accepted
and the lease entered Into November 21
1900.: . , ' .
At the meeting yesterday H.D. Love
land "presented a resolution which the
State. Board of ¦ Harbor Commissioners
wished to have adopted and which could
be taken by a committee to the Legisla
ture. Chairman Newhall immediately ap
pointed the following committee: Isaac
Upham, Wakefleld' Baker. F. W.' Van
Sicklen, Robert H. Swayne, J. R. Howell
and Horace- Davis. The committee at
once passed 'the resolution, which was to
the effect that the construction of .the sea
wall was of paramount importance to the
commercial interests j of the city and
State. .. : - ': • ¦ ¦
A legislative committee "will be here to
day and the*above-named gentlemen will
accompany them - : on- -a'* visit t«-. China
Basin. The resolution --was signed by. the
following named: George A. Newhall, A;
Sbabaro, A. Chesebrough, Louis F. ; Mont
eagle,'F. W.Dohrmann.: Irving M. Scott
J. D. Grant, Wakefleld Baker, F. W. Van
Sicklen. William Haas, AV L. Scott. H. D
Loveland, G. Wormser, ; C. S. x Benedict,
Robert H. Swayne t and J. R. Ho well. *
Promoters Actively "Work
ing* to Secure Its'Speedy
Completion.
mj^JB HEN the dust
IMv has settled and
w the tired horses \
have bccii cooled off and
.put away in their stalls,
"post-mortems" are always ..
held after all % big ¦ turf
events, and this or that rider
¦blamed for supposed mis
takes. In the Burns handi
cap, decided at Oakland
track, the more critically in- .
dined censured Bullman for
* being overanxious and mak
ing his move too soon zvith
Favonius. Taking the other ¦
side of it, Bullman, who has '
ridden Favonius in previous
H races, says the horse's feet
must have begun to burn, for
he drcclopcd an inclination
¦ to. stop. The pace set was by
no means a killing one, and
possibly the rider's theory is
a correct one. After all, The
Frcitcr may have been very
lucky, for had Joe Riplcy,
which in his day zvas con
sidered a high-class horse, •
been piloted by a stronger
and more experienced rider
the vwiiey . would have all
been his.
There is no question ap- .;
parently but that Waring ,
was best of the field _ in the
handicap at Tanforan Park.
His spread eagle victory with , .
~iij pounds up ' ¦ivoujd 'lit di
cote thaUhehandicappcr un
derestimated Ins ability. As
predicted/ the three-year-olds
which ¦¦'were foolishly, star ted *
never had a chance. "
COMMERCIAL MEN
FAVOR SEAWALL
Jockey Owen flounce Earns Additional Fame'^ and Dollars by
Piloting the Winner at Oakland Track. .
A. : : i ' " ' ' — — i _. . __iJ..?..»..»..T..?.;t..'..T..T.J. J
THE FRETTER DEFEATS FAVONIUS
FOR BURNS HANDICAP HONORS
McCUE ON WARING RIDES AWAY
FROM THE AT TANFORAN
RICHEST STAKES OF CALIFORNIA RACING SEASON
Pages 23 to 32
! Paiges 23 to 32
»
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 190
INCIDENTS IN* THE RUNNING
OF THE BICH BURNS HAND
ICAP. '
$330.The following tablo shows the year of
birth and the native State of air the lead :
ing boxen? of America:
JCame and Birthplace — >. - . • . -Tear.
Jim Jeffries. Ohio '...*.. .' , 1875
Tom Sharkey. Ireland mj
Bob Fltisimmons', England. i/.....'.... 1862
Jim Corbott. California IS66
I"et*T Maher. Ireland H63
Gut Ruhlln. Ohio 1872
John I.. Sullivan. Massachusetts.....:..:.... io
Kid McCoy; Indiana...-.....,,... .•;„¦ 1873
Joe Choyr.skl. California. , ;... .. 189S
• Tommy Ryan New York 1870
DICk O'Brien. New Brunswick ......;... 1873
"Harlem Coffee Cooler." New York 1870
Dan CreMon, New Zealand 1S6S
Tommy Wen, Wales JS70
Jack Bonner, Pennsylvania 1874
Kla L«\igne, Michigan....; mi
Jack Doney. New York ;. 1874
> Owen ZelgJer. Pennsylvania...... 1874
' Srlke Sullivan. Ireland 1874
Jack Everhart, Louisiana ..;. 1872
Joe Gans. Maryland 1878
Kddle Connolly, New Brunswick 1S76
Charley McKeever. Pennsylvania 1873
Youn<? Corbett. • California .....;...-... 1872
Joe Walcott, . West -Indies 1872
Kid McPartland. New York 1875
Dal Hawkins, California. 1871
Jack Dally. Delaware 1873
Oeorjre Dlxon, Nova Sootla 1870
lien Jordan. England :.. mi
Joe Bernstein, New York ;....: 1877
Martin Flaherty, Massachusetts 1872
Tommy White, Illinois 1473
Will Curley, England 1S77
Frank Erne. Switzerland.....*. lg-5
Ccspar Leon.' Sicily.... ig72
Pedlar Palmer, England...; ..¦.•.,',.... 1875
Terry McGoven*, New: York/. ; 1879
Dave Sullivan. Ireland .' 1877 i
Jack O'Brien. Nova Scotia, 1878
Matty MathewB. New", York ...'..;... 1878
Tim Kearns, Massachusetts 1875
George Byers, Prince Edward Island 1872
Jack Root,- Austria....' 1876
Jack MQClellanrt, Pennsylvania 1876
Jack Bennett, England...; ; 1&7S
Eddie Ijfcnny. Pennsylvania 1878
Harry Forbes, Illinois 1R79
Tommy Velts. Poland ..? 1S52
Joe Cain.- New York 1875
Kid Parker, Massachu?*-tts * ....;.-... 1877
Young Peter Jackson. Maryland 1S77
Philadelphia Jack O'Brien, Pennsylvania.. 1878
Harry Harris. Illinois 1SS0
Tlpton Slasher. New York 1882
Philadelphia Tom Ryan, Pennsylvania. 1876
Jack Hamilton, New Jersey 1874
You ng Kenny. Connecticut...... .."'....•* 1877
•r-Cinclnnati Enquirer. ¦ ¦
-'¦_ • — - ¦ ~?
of Present Day Rings ters.
Birthplaces and First Appearances
PUGILISTIC NATIVITIES
The contest will be resumed this morn
ing and continue for the next twelve
weeks. • ¦
No. 351 Tehama street, 375 feet east of Fifth'
25x80 feet, - house : seven : rooms " a'nd bath ana
rear house, ¦ rents $32 50 per . month $2600, ' from
Mary Glynn to • Mrs. V H. < Le •¦ Provost ; entire
Western .- Addition block * No." 185, . bounded ¦ by
Chestnut, - Francisco, . . Laguna. ,:.- and Octa via
ctreets, consisting, of six* fifty vara- lots,". price
and name of ! purchaser withheld ; Mra. - Scott
to P. H ' McCarthy, ' west \ aide \ Collinjr wood, 75
Lot. 2.. block *H, College, Heights, '$1400; lot 3
block H/ College. Heights. $1350; lot 4, block ti
College Heights, $1850; lots 13 and 14, block F,
College Heights, $1800; lot on west side of Har
rison street, 170 feet north of. Twenty-fifth, 25x
112:6, $1000; lot -on west side • of Guerrero, 160
feet north of Twenty-fifth, 25x125. $2000; lot on
south side of Folsom street, - 60 feet from • Es
sex, S0x80, $3000; - lot on -west side- of 'Pierce
street, 87:6 north of Turk, 25x87:6. $3750; follow
ing lots in Roes Valley Park, | San Anselmo^
lot 1. $400; lota ' 41 and 42. $675; lot 19, $375; lot
25, .$450; lot 26,' $500; lot 8, '$700. .. -
. Easton, Eldridge;& Co. report salea as
follows;- ¦ '-' .''..- ' ¦ : :.-'¦ '¦ ¦:¦'
¦: Ix>ts; . each ; 25x120 feet; on tho east line ot
Ninth, avenue, . 260 feet south of M street, with
cottage, $1000; on the southeast line of Vienna,
street, between Persia and Brazil' avenues
-with Improvements, $500; on the east line of
Tenth avenue,' between L and M streets,; $1900;
on the west line of Ninth av*nue, - between K
and L. streets, with cottage, $1250; -on the west
line of Eleventh avenue, 225 feet north of L
Street, $600; on the west line of Ninth avenue,
250 feet' north of M street, $650; and a lot, 60x
120 feet, on' the east line of Thlrty-flfth avenue,
275 feet north of K street, , $350. . .. . ¦
. Raymond,. Bald win & Co. report recent
sales as follows:
Three flats on the north line of Ellis street.
175 feet west from Franklin, the lot being
27:6x137:6 feet, to Q. Schaefer, for $17,000; the
George H. Wright residence, on the north line
of Pacific avenue, 10O feet west of Fillmore
street. 34:6x127:8%, $18,000; lot on the southwest
corner of Sacramento and Scott streets, 87:Sx
127:6, from William Levlston to the First
Church of Christ, Scientists, $19,000; Meyer
feld estate to Mrj<. Motile Friedman, lot on the
south line of I'ost street, ~ 85 feet west from
Polk. 25x120 feet, fine .residence, $8250; to Ber
nard Faymonville, lot on north line of Broad
way, between Stelner and Pierce streets, 57:6x
-137:6 feet. JS62S; to Thomas E. Haven for Wil
liam Meheran. the property 20x70 feet on the
north line of Minna street, 95 feet • west from
Third, for $6000; lot on uouth line of,Californ!a
street, between Laguna and Buchanan,- 27:6x
137:C feet, from Mr. Buckley to Mr. Wright,
$S200; lot on the. south line of Vallejo street,
137:6 feet east from Stelner, 27:6x137:6 feet,
from Mr.. Gerstle to Mr. Morton. $2375; outside
lands, lot on southwest corner >f B street and
Nineteenth avenue,- 240x100 feet, from Mr. Sea
ton to J. Goldberg, $2500; Wldber ranch at
Mountain View for the city and county of San
Francisco, $2000; Varney. estate to.E. I^aear,
two stores and two rials on the west line of
Buchanan street, 100 feet north of Geary
37:6x87:6 feet, $5600.
'Sales are reported by Sol Getz & Bro.
as follows: ¦/¦--. i '• •. ¦ . '
A- water front lot, 45:10x137:6, situated
137:6 feet south from Market street on the
west line of Spear street, having upon it
a three-story and basement building, has
been sold by J. R. Talcott through the
agency of J: Funkenstein & Son. The
price exceeded $70,000. ¦ ¦¦ • .' ¦ -, •
• A. J: Rich & Co. report the sale of. the
Hotel Redondo, on the .southeast -corner
of. Post and Jonea streets, a new six
story brick, and frame building, contain
ing ninety rooms in the 'upper part, with
stores below. The building was erected a
year ago. ' It is leased for a term of ten
years, .bringing $S400 per annum. The
price paid was $95,000. The property was
owned by A". Aronson. The name of the
purchaser .is vi^thhheld. -
A. 'J. Rich &rVo. have; also sold the fam
ous Ana Puntrla Nuevo ranch, consisting
of 4684 acres, at Pescadero, San Mateo
County. It Includes Pigeon Point .wharf
and chutes. It - was sold to Miss S. S.
Upton of Pescadero. ' The price was $91,
500.<
The same brokers have also sold the fol
lowing properties: ' . ;
Baldwin & • Howell have sold outside
lands block 656, between H and. I streets
and Seventeenth, and Eighteenth avenues,
for the Callaghan estate to Albert Meyer
for$25,000. ;•: "
The "colonist rate" passengers are be :
ginning to arrive. -Every city, town and
hamlet in the 'East' is now receiving
literature from the Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific,. New York Central and
other allied roads and. from the Santa Fe
and its connections' concerning the de
lights and advantages "of California.
Thousands and tens of thousand of East
ern visitors' are certain to come here
wJthin the next few months and thou-.
sands will remain In'the State. There are
many of the visitors who possess means.
There will be a stir in country lands for
a few months, unless all signs are dis
appointing and the newcomers from- the
East bid fair to be a factor in that move
ment. If they like. the country they will
build homes. ; Suburban San Francesco,
will benefit as largely as any section. The
thousands of visitors help- to call : atten-;.
tion to the fact that the hotels and lodg
ing-houses are counting upon a great
demand upon them for accommodations.
This pressure' .¦ has* been felt for some
time. People are building •' flats in all
eligible Idealities to make room for the
growing population. Eastern hotel men
are in. the city and are carrying on nego
tiations, which' are considered confidential
for the present,' for 'suitable sites for the
erection of two large hotels, to be not
more, than one block off Market street and
to be centrally located, so far as the re
tall section of the. business center of the
city is concerned. - No additional facts
are attainable yet, but these are deemed
significant. ¦ ,- ;
There have been some large Bales since
the preceding, week. The business prop
erty on the. west line of Front street, 60
feet north- from Pine, has been sold by
the agency of Madison & Burke for T. H.
O'Connor for *S5,000. The lot is 69:4x137:6,
but of Irregular shape. The improve
ments consist of a two-story brick build
ing, in which are three stores on Front
street.
Bovee. Toy & Sonntag have sold 1873
acres of land In Calaveras County for J.
W. MInther to A. C. Curtison for $18,370
and 1165 acres . of wheat land in Kings
County to Walter B. Foggs of Racine,
Wis., for $23,000. ... '
Owing to the many events already ar
ranged on the links at the Presidio be
tween Oakland and San Francisco, the
second half of tha home-and-home tour
nament will not b« played until March 23
on the Presidio course.
Because of the absence of so manv of
the San Francisco golfers at Oakland,
yesterday was a quiet day at the Presidio
links. Secretary Andrew Carrigan ha*
posted a notice at the San Francisco Golf
Club house requesting: as many players
as can do so to go <lown to Del Monto
during the coming week and aid in making
the tournaments there, as successful as
possible. The Qualifying • round . over
eighteen holes, stroke play, for the coun
cil's cup for men has been postponed from
February 23 to March 2. and the match
play rounds have been also put off to later
dates. To-day the second thlrty-slx hole*
of the foursome between B. r>. Adamson .
and Robert Johnstons of the San Francis- *
co Golf Club and "W. P. John3on and Hor
ace Rawllna of the Oakland links will h »
played on the Point Adams course. In the
first, half of the match, played last Sun
day at the Presidio links, the San Fran
cisco representatives were 2 up. The
Oaklanders have great hopes of turning
the tables on their opponents to-day.
Big Trotting Event Planned.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11— One of the great
est trotting events of the coming season
will be a match race between Cresdeua,
2:04. and Charley Herr. 2:06. Mr. Ketcham
came from Toledo especially to meet
track managers with purse proposals, and
he thinks a race" between, the two great
est trotting stallions In the world should
be worth at least $12.uoO. Th<» Cleveland
Driving Club has offere.d «0O0, it is re
ported.- All secretaries, of course,- wan*
The Abbott Included, and ft is barely pos
sible that he may yet be entered.
Jockey Wedderstrand's Suit.
Jockey Charles "Wedderstrand, who was
suspended last October by the California
Jockev Club, has sued that club and the
Saj;i Francisco ¦ Club to enjoin them from
preventing him accepting mounts offered
by horse owners. Wedderstrand claims
his suspension was Irregular and without
Just cause.
tleth and Michigan "street*, :0Ox2OO. tfSOOO;
e&tate of Martin Pras to Isabella Pragr, lot on
south line of Clay street, 60 reet eastjfrom
Front, 20x64:6, and lot on north Una of Filbert
street, 160:3 feet east from Taylor, 46x120, *14,-
CCO; Christian Froellch to the Union Iron
Works, lot on northwest corner of Twentieth
and Michigan streets. 200x200, $CO,500.
Improvements . on"""^Market, street west
from Valencia have been the rule re
cently. The uncertainty of a ttxed gTade
on the summit of the hill at Fourteenth
street has retarded improvements imme
diately west of Valencia street. It is the
desire Of the property owners -to have the
hill cut down several feet before perma
nent improvements are made there. The
district west of Fifteenth street Is now
shaping: into a residence section, the
buildings usually having small stores
underneath.. The block between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth streets will be improved
before long with a few substantial build
ings. On Hartford street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth, there are now in
construction twenty new buildings owned
by F. JN'elson. - A five-story building is be
ing constructed on the corner of Noeand
Market streets by, F. Brady. F. C. Hast
heue is getting ready, to build twenty
flats with stores • underneath on. Market
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
» The extension of Fifteenth street to
Tilden is desired by the* residents of the
section Immediately fronting on. the first
named street. 'A- lot owned by- a private
individual stands right In the course of
this project, but it is said thai this ob
stacle can be removed for the sum of
$1500, which the city. is asked to pay. To
further., this movement the Market street
and Eureka. Improvement Club appointed
a committee consisting of M. Burns, M.
C. Glmple and J. McDonald to urge the
Supervisors to- comply with the wishes
of the residents. . . ..
The large tract at the corner of Twen
tieth and Michigan streets, that was
bought recently by Christian FYoelich for
$60,000 from Binning & Droeger'Kas been
sold by him to the Union Iron, Works for
an -advance of $309.' The property fronts
on the other properties of the Union Iron
Works. The sale may be taken as an in
dication of expansion. . • ' . .
Claus Flathmann bas leased the prop
erty on the southwest corner of .Sutter
and'Gough streets' to the.- Enterprise
.Browing Company for three. years at $150
per. month. . . . ,- • .
A. family, hotel will be erected on the
northwest corner of Butter and Gough
streets to cost $20,000.
<J. H. Umbsen & Co. have leased the?
Hotel Mateo to the pisses Chamberlain
for the .Lee, estate.. ;.
E."W. King will build a two-«tory and
basement frame structure on the south
line of Sacramento street, 137:6 west from
Walnut, to cost $4500.
Homer S. King has let the contracts for
the residence .which he will erect on the
northeast corner _of. Octavla street and
Broadway. The total of these already
awarded Indicates a cost of more than
520,000. ¦ .
Joseph M. Strauss will erect on the
south line of Ellis street, 182 feet west
from Laguna, a three-story ¦ frame build
ing, the approximate cost of which will
be $9000. ....
• r • -¦ - '
A three-story building will be placed on
the west line of Clayton street, 32 feet
north from Frederick.- by W. H. Reed
and C. T. Cleve. to contain three fiats.
The estimated cost is $7200.
N. K. Mas ten's building, two-story and
attic, to be placed 1 on the north line of
Washington street. 240 feet east from
First avenue, has been contracted for.
The contracts call for an expenditure of
$6095.
James Lough will place a twxvstory
and a three-story and attic frame build
ing (flats) on the. northwest "Corner of
Haight and Devisadero streetS. tho cost
being $14,600.
JMiss Isabella. Levy" will build" a five
story tenement at 609 Hyde street, with
All the latest improvements.
Henry p. Sonntag has purchased from
the E. B. Sturges estate tho northwest
corner of Masonic avenue and Fell street
for $7750. The improvements consist of a
ten-room residence. The lot is 23x100
feet.
Easton & Eldridge will hold an auction
on Tuesday, February 26, at which the
following properties will be sold:
Page-street residence, 924 Page, near Devlsa
dero; '¦ Green-street investment, 122S-S0 Green,
near Lark In: McAllister-street lot. north, side
of McAllister, near Baker; "Park Panhandle
corner residence,, southwest corner of Cole and
Page streets; Mission flats, 292S-3O-32-34 Nine
teenth street, near Sanchez; Mission cottage,
381 Jersey street.- near Castro: Park Panhandle
lot.- west side qf Central avenue. near.VfaJler
street; Fulton-street corner, northeast corner
Fulton "street and Parker ' arena* y~ fine !<}*¦
south of park, west • side ! of Twelfth avenue,
near M stre«t: Mission corner. store and. flat,
northwest corner Church . and .VaUey streets;
Bay View Homestead lots, Vancouver. Santee
and Guadaloupe streets.
Larger loans of the week are as fol
lows: : ..''¦'
Hibernla ¦ Savings and I-oan Society to. Da
vid Howes, on the east corner of Sixth and
Market and • the southwest line of Fourth. 275
feet 'southeast from Market, 60x73, $45,000;
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company to Fran
cis L. AVhitney, $40,000 on the east corner of
Ff ith and Bluxome, 240x13); HIbernia Savings
and I-oan Society to C: Meyer- Estate Company.
$25,000 on the southeast Una of - Stevenson. 75
feet eouthwest from Third, and the south line
of Post, 91:3 east from Fillmore. $25,000; Hl
bernla Savings and Loan Society to the heirs
of Adolph Sutro, on flfty-el^ht parcels. $476,
950; Hibernla Savings and Loan -Society to
W1H.C. and Carrie A. Hays. $30,000 on the
property on the «outhwest corner of Devtsadero
and Post, and also $5000 installment' loan on
the same; Hibernla Savings and Loan Society.
$300,000 on the northwest corner of" Powell and
Eddy streets; German Savings and Loan So
ciety to Blanche M. and William F;-Burbank,
$30,000 on the northwest corner of Stockton and
Post : ' Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to
Barton S. Hays. $18,000 on 31:6x137:6, on the
north line Of Eddy,' 80 feet west from LnveiiT
¦worth. . ™ '
The larger releases of the week have
been- as follow: . ¦<-'¦<•'
Humboldt Sa'vlnRS and Loan' Society to F.
C. Kleeoaur. for $13,000, northeast, corner. San-
Chez and Clipper and southeast corner 'San
chez and Clipper and also ' southeast corner
N'oe and Clipper; German Savings and Loan
Society to Abnex Doble, for $12,000, 27:6x110 on
the west line of Cough, 55 feet south from
Post.
feet north from Eighteenth street, 50x125. $2300;
north -side Fulton street, 137:8 feet west from
Franklin, lot 38:9x120 feet, back to' rear street,
residence 10 rooms and bath,' Mrs. Roherbacber
to E. hi Van Uer Nalllen. $7500; Mrs. Zlenllen
to : Henry Meyer, east Bide Eighteenth avenue,
7S feet north from Clement street, 50x120, $450;
northwest corner Page and Ashbury . etreela,
421 Ashbury, lot 25x106:8, residence seven rooms
and bath, from Mrs. B. Nagle to "\V. F. Jewett.
price -$9000; nouth side , Twenty-first street, 33
east from Bartlett, lot 33:6x90, two flats five
and six rooms and bath, from estate-Strozyn
ski to A. Platt. $4860; estate David Toy to.
Joneph Fletcher. Nos. 119-121 South Park, near
Third street, . two flats, ¦ brick, six rooms and
bath each, .rent* $36, $3650;. Mrs. Schluss to
Mr. Flannery, north side Golden Gate avenue,
106 feet east from Pierce street, lot .40x137:6; 10
room residence. $9000; Mrs. Wall to Mrs. Hlrle
man. east elde Broderlck street, 105 feet north
of Slitter; old seven-room house, lot 50x90 feet,
$4500; . Holr to Edward Swales; north side,
No. 1650 Hayes street, 100 east from Central
avenue, 25x137:6 feet, three flats, $5750; Mrs.
Koch to Ubble Drlscoll.- west side. No. 134
Lcmgton street, SO feet north of Harrison, lot
25x80 feet, cottagre 5 rooms, «H0O; C. C. and T.
W.- Rivers to Elizabeth GUlespie, north side,
Noa. 3746-48. Army, street. 74:10 east of Dolores,
Irregular, two flats and cottage, $4500; .
Scarpa to R. Bruns, soutH side Sixteenth street,
near Guerrero, lot 65x110. four flats and old
house and stable. $3250; Mrs. Iilrleman to Miss
Annie Finn, east side. No. 1308 Larkln street,
rear Pine, lot 25x87:6, three flats, $5700; north
Bide,* No; 288 Shipley street, near 81xth, — -.
Abbott to -: — '-. O'Grady. 25x75 feet, two flats
and i store -and- two ; rear' flats.-- f3S00;: Mangln
estate. to' James Carroll, northeast corner Web
ster and. Grove streets, 37:6x81 feet, six flats,
$95CO. ;.- . ;,- f} x f i ,/ >t . t :.:,. ¦.' • ; -••
The Burnham & Marsh Co. reports the
sale of the three-story hotel building- and
lot. 40 by 75 on the southeast 'line of Minna
street, 350 feet- southwest of Third, for
George C. Tryon . to Dr. ; R. , E. Bauske,
fof* J12.500. Also' the northwest ' cor
ner of Sacramento street and Central ave
nue.. 28 by 9S, with three stores and flat
for $10,500 'for Josephine. Delmue to Mark
Sheldon. .
A. M. Speck & Co. report that an up
to-date rooming house to cos.t $20,000 on
plans by Roseau & Son will be erected, on
thenorth line tot Eddy street, SO, feet west
from Leavenworth. --* ;:-".$.-2
Sales. placed on record in the last week
Include the following, which are fairly
representative of several sections of the
city:. - - ¦-,¦,-¦ • -..-•••
Mary .'A.'; Bailey,- to Helen A. Deamer, lot on
northwest corner of McAllister and Flllmore
streets/ 137:8xl37;8; -$38,500; E. W. Brltt to Sam
uel G. Murphy, lot on wept line of Broderlclc
street, 124.: feet- north, from Pacific, 45x127:8^,
$11,000; George C. Tryon to Reinhold C. BauRke,
lot on southeast line of Minna street, 350 feet
southwent" from Third. 40x70, $12,000; Emma F.
Daniel to Henry P. Bothln. lot on southeast
corner of Jackson, and Polk streets/ 137:SV4x
112:6, $25,000; E.^V. Hopkins to Hopkins Invest
ment Company, all Interest In lot on the north
west corner of Edfly and Powell streets, $292,
000; Lydla K. E. Relnsteln to Barton S. Hays,
lot on north line of Eddy street, 80 feet west
from •. Leavenwonh. 31:6x137:6, $14,000: German
Savings and Loan Society to Gustav Hartman,
lot on. west line of.Gough street, 55 feet-south
from Post, 27:6*110, 15000; Georce E. Werner
to Emit Hlllman, lot on eant line of Florida
street, 229 . feet north from Twenty-second, Six
100, $50C0; A.'M. A. Binning and W. Drover to
C. Froellch, lot on northwest corner of Twen-
Ground for Divorce.
The fact thai a hnsband Is a cigarette
fiend has just been held sufficient ground
for divorce in Oshkosh. "U'ls.. where Judga
Burnell of the Circuit Court gave> Mrs.
Beatrice Tracey her freedom, for the causa
named. Ezra S. Button of Flndlay. Ohio,
is suing for divorce on the grounds that
his wife is a Dowieite; that ahe neglects
her home duties In devotion to her reliar
ious belief, and that she burdens his life
at all sorts of unholy hours with, argu
ments In defense of her t aith.— Chicago
Chronicle.
Beer That Is Solid.
One of the recent Inventions tried on
the British soldiers In . South Africa. 19
called ."solid beer." It la a jelly mada
from -malt and hops, from which beer can
be made anywhere and fermented. It 1*
said to make excellent beer and to work
equally well in hot or cold climates, tha
process being very simple. The military
authorities have reported favorably upon
it. — Baltimore American.
REVIEW OF THE PAST WEEK'S REALTY MOVEMENT IN THE CITY OF SAN FRANCISCO
INTERCLTJB CLASS R TOURNAMKN1
munity. . .The*duty\of their education has
been recognized. for many years past and
the Government has takenst^s in that
direction. 1 ..There have been established
Indian schools under the charge and con
trol of certain religious denominations and
these have' received Government aid based
upon the' number of pupils. ' Some years
ago the Perrls Indian School was estab
lished under the direct charge of Govern
ment officers and within the past few
years Congress has taken the view that
denominational schools 'ought not to re-
In -obtaining 1 the new" school for River-:
side the • Riverside people 'showed the co
operation, energy and confidence In the
city's advantages, which California has
learned to expect of them. The reasons
urged for the, location of the school at
Riverside wer^ many and the advantages
of that situation great.
The site -for the school fs on the famous
Magnolia j avenue and Is a peculiarly
charming one. Forty acres of land has
already been purchased and it is expected
that an appropriation of J10.000 will make
possible the purchase of 100 acres of farm
ing land -in additidon.
Out on Stow Lake yesterday afternoon
the members of the San Francisco Fly
casting- Club opened up the season of 1901.
The afternocn was. dark and foggy, the
wind was light from the west and the con
dftions were not as favorable as might be.
However, there was a. fair -attendance of
"castaways" and the Fcores were up to
the average for the opening of the season.
As reported by Judges Muller and
Young and Clerk .Smyth," the. scores were
as follows:
Excellent ..Scores'. Made at
Stow Lake by Experts ; ;
With .Rod and Lin«. -
FLYCASTING CLUB
OPENS NEW SEASON
T|-^y IVERSIPE, Feb. 10.— To those who
I )j are lnterested in the "welfare of
f\X - the MlsElon Indians- of; Southern
JI N A. California, the -establishment of
the new Indian -school "at'River
side is a subject 'for congratulation. All
thoughtful persons- recognize ' fully the
duty of the Government ,to protect and
pro\-lde for the* Mlsslon'Indians of South
1 ern California and to educate the Indian
children of both sexes to enable them to
become useful citizens and. honorable and
self-supporting members, .of the com-
celve Government support, t>ut that the
Government should do for these Indians
what its duty and their needs- demand
under the direct charge and control of the
Government Itself. The Indian School at
Perrls has been for some time over
crowded and can receive only a small pro
portion of the Indian boys and gjrls who
are of school age and who ought to be
provided for in Southern California. This
fact has' been recognized by Superintend
ent Harwood Hall.
Recognizing the need of greater accom-
modatlons for "these youner ; Indians, . of
ficials of that department- of the Govern
ment visited California and Inspected. the
Indian School at Perils with -a* view to its
enlargement and to broadening its field of
usefulness. It W a s recommended by these
officials that tnat school be not enlarged
or increased in"- capacity, but that a new
school be established at a more favorable
location. A thorough examination -. of
proposed sites was made under the direc
tion of Assistant Indian Commissioner A.
C\ Tonncr. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOW THE NEW INDIAN SCHOOL AT RiyERSIDE WILL APPEAR WHEN COMPLETED.
Government Officials Select a Beautiful Site on nagnolia A\^nue and an Appropriation Will
Be for th6 Purchase of Faff ming Land/
¦ ; • ' r »* * .'~ ¦-. :*« ' v ' ' ' . > -¦ ' . ¦ ¦ '¦¦'-¦¦- - »*'¦'.',
j. , ; i— — : , ; • — — ; '¦ • : . — ¦!¦
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 16.— The Levys
•won from San Bernardino to-day by a
pcore of 5 to 1. Two home runs were
made, one of which resulted from Stein
felt batting the ball over the center field
fence. The game was punctuated with
etar plays. Dungan made a phenomenal
catch and Keeley landed a hard liner
¦w hich. coupled ..with two clever double
tilays. made the contest one of surpassing
Interest. Score: 6
L#vy» :~ s
Hits, i. Errors, 2.
Pan Bernardino i
Hits. ». Errors. 2.
Baiterie»— Hart well and Lohman; Beville and
Maneerina, Umpire— Early.
Earned run— San Dieso. Two-base hit —
Eagan. Ft ruck out— By Taylor. 8; by Salis
bnry. 4. Fir*t base on called balls— Off Tay
lor. 1: off Salisbury. 3. Passed ball— Worn*.
Sacrifice hit— Klauber. L*ft on bases— Ban
l>l«go, B; Maler & Zobelein, 7. Time of game—- :
1 hour and S5 minutes. Umnife-^Charles .Van'
Horn, gcorer— W. R. Russell.
Maler & Zobeleln 0 0 10 0 0 2 0 0-3
San Ditto- 0 0 4 2 10 0 0 •— 7
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. SB. 1>O. A. E.
Brittno, es 5 0 2 0 0 4 0
Courtney, I. f 6 12 0 3 0 1
Hanlon. lb 4 0 1 0 10 1 1
Weed. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 3 0
Babbitt. 2b 4 0 0 0-10 0
Adams, C ....4 0 1 0-622
Moore, e. f 3 0 0 0 1 0- ••«
Salisbury, p 4 0 0 .0 0 2 0
H. Meyers, r. f 4 2 0 0 0 0 2
'• Totals i .37. ~l *6 ' 24 ¦ 14-^6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Totals 32 7 7 ' 2 27 17 6
• MAIER & ZOBELEIN.
BAN DIEGO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
I>ev«?reaux. r* 4 1 2 0 1 J 1
Donlln. Jb t 1 1 1 13 0 0
Eicon, 3b 4 110 0 5 0
DrT.r.»n, c. f 4 0 6 0 3 0 0
ArrelUnps. ?d 4 110 17 2
Bom-man, 1. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
KJauber. r. f 3 1 0 10 0 1
"Works, c 4 0 2 0 8 1 l
Taylor, p 4 2 0 0 111
On account of the pudden death of his
lather Right Fielder Lelande of the visit
ing team could not come, and H. Myers,
a local player, was put into his position.
Though Myers is credited with making
two of the three runs made by the Los
Angeles team he was also charged with
two errors which were costly. Adams,
catcher for the visitors, played in excel
lent form, but twice dropped, the ball at
the plate, allowing runners to score. The
same teams will play to-morrow with
Babbitt in the box for the visitors and
Boyle officiating for the San Dieeo team.
The map of the day's game was like, this:
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 16.— San Diego leads
the Southern California league in the
race for the pennant, having won at home
to-day, while San Bernardino, which was
In the tie. for first place, lost a game to
the Levys at Lqs Angeles. The local
team won as it pleased from the Maler
& Zobeleins of Los Angeles In what was a
¦well played game for the first three In
nings. In the last half of the third tho
San Dleeo team made four runs, and it
followed these with two in the fourth.
The rest of the same was somewhat list
less and. errors were common.
California League.
Heads the Column in the Southern
SAN DIEGO IN THE LEAD.
Earned runs— Fireman's Fond. I. Three-base
hit— Edwards. First- base on called balls—
Fireman's Fund. 3; Stanford, fl Passed balls—
Trapper. 3. Time of gamt-l hours. Umpire —
Smith. Scorers— Erb and Dott.
«, ?
SUMMARY.
Flreman'B Fund 1 0 18 0 0 11 0—12
Base hits 1 0 3 9.0 0 2 0 0— la
Stanford 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 0—1
Ba*e htt» 0 11110012— 7
Totals 2» 1 7 0 27 14 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Edwards, ef 4 0 2 0 3 2 0
Ball, c. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Oowo>n. lb 4 0 10 1$ ft 0
MiE&er. fb 4 0 0 0 0 4 2
Conner. 3b.,....:..... 20 1 02.6 1
l^oweruhal, r. t 3 0 1 0 3 0 0
£rroond£, 1. i 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Traeger. c 4 0 I 0 J 1 J
Bennm, p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Parker, p 110 0 0 2 0
„. _¦; AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. f... 5 4 t 1 l l o
W. Hammond, c... 6 1 2 0 4 4 0
Krug, p. & 63 5 l 3 j 0 *¦ 1 t>
Mebter. 2b fi 0 1 0 2 3 0
Mosklman, *.«. & p.. 5 1 1 0 3 2 0
FollatiFt.ee, lb 4 1 1 0 11 1 0
But'or. 1. f 4 2 1 t ' 2 0 0
J. Hammond, r. I... 3 .a 1 I l • - o o
Collins. 2b 2 1.2 0 1 3 0
Goldi worthy, Ib 2 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 39 12 15 5 26 15 0
STANFORD. "
FIREMAN'S FUND.
A mere hnndful of spectators watched
teams from the Fireman's Fund and the
Stanford University cavort on the dia
mond in Recreation Park yesterday
a.t ternoon. They saw the infurance apgre
pation take the- cardinal representatives
Into camp by" a score of 12 to 1. The game
was slew and uninteresting and
practically developed into' .a frae
»Ilver ball game — at- -a.- —ratio- -of
nearly 16 -to 1. It was apparent
from the outset that Stanford could not
¦win from the Fireman's Fund select body
of balltopsors as they were all seasoned
players. Hid. "Helney" Hrug,played his
game the college nine would have been
ehut out without a tally. Krug' pitched
far seven innings like a man throwing
rocks against the side of a house. He'
had as much control of the sphere-as a
novice of an automobile. Kxug sailed
the ball up to the plate like a "balloon and
would laugh at the missing swinge made
at it by the Stanford batters.- -When
"Helney" essayed to let a few links out
of his "wing-" he- would keep - Hammond
reaching all over the field.
Stanford also suffered . through its
pitcher. The colk-ge boys are a band of
earnest players, but they were handi
capped yesterday. A youth named Ben
nett tried for seven innings to make an
impression, but failed. He not only lacks
*j.eed and curve?, but all the other requi
sites that make a good twirler. Bennett's
aspirations as a pitcher were considerably
dimmed in the fourth inning. The husky
insurance nine lit on his shoots and ham
mered out eight hits. The daughter was
terrible to look at and Captain Edwards
r* tired the young man to the bench. Parker
¦» e«t Into the box and was' an Improve
ment. He has speed and fairly good
ccntrol of the ball and witti proper coach
ing should develop into a good man.
Traeger of football fame is willing,, but
has a habit of letting: the ball pass out
of his mit. He will improve with more
experience.
One or two circus catches, contributed
by Butler and LowenthaJ, aroused the
crowd out of its lethargy. Following Is
the score:
Fireman's Fund Aggregation Plays
"Horse*' With the Gentlemen
Prom Palo Alto at Bec
reation Park.
Cardinal Nine Suffers Crush
ing Defeat on the
- Ball Field.
STANFORD'S TEAM
LACKS A PITCHER
Th«^ first home-and-home tournament
between teams of class B players of the
San Francisco and Oakland polf cUibs
took place yesterday on the links at Point
Adams. Each team consisted of eleven
men, the San Francisco players belns cap
tained by "Warren Gregory, and the Oak
landers by P. E. Bowles. The course was
somewhat heavy and the putting-greens
were slow, a» Was shown by the fact that
the players frequently puUed short of tha
cup. The Oaklanders won by a score of
24 to 13, or 11 up. The jneatest •'killing?"
for the winners were made by P. E.
Bowles Jr., who beat Andrew Carrigan S
up, and by P. G. Gow and H. M. A. Miller,
each of whom won 5 up. In the first eight
matches San Pi anciaeo -was 4 up, but on
the last three matches Oakland scored U
up»..J. H. Me© of San. Francisco und J.
Ames of Oakland plaved a remarkably
close match, halving - seven out of t :v»
eighteen holes, and oelng: all square at tha
seventeenth hole: Mee took the eighteenth
by a fine, long putt; and won 1 up.
. The full scores are shown In the table:
OAKLAND GOLFERS
LEAD IN MATCH
City Players Win Majority of
Games, but Lose the Rest
by Large Margins.
Result of the Play In Class B in tha
Tournament on .the, Links
Over at Point
Adams.
MISSION INDIANS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
TO HAVE A MODERN SCHOOL AT RIVERSIDE
the; san; Francisco c^ 1961:
In 1897 the - horse reached low : water
mark in value. Th«r«, were 14.364.6o7
horses in the countrv in that year and
they were worth $452,649,396. The Spanish
war sent prices up, and in 1899 the number
had been reduced to 13,665,307, worth $511,
074,813. The Boer war decrersed the number
still further, and* the valuation, Increase!
to $603,969,442. During the same p«rloa
there was a like decrease In. tne number
of mules and their vaiue Increased from
$92,302,090 in 1S97 to $111,717,092 in 1S99. The
two wars came Just In time to counteract
the depressing • effect of : the iblcycle, ; the
trolley car and the < automobile UDontho
price of. horse flesh.— Minneapolis Timei. "
Values in Horseflesh.'
. MARYSVILLE. Feb. 16.— Soldier Phil
Green of San Francisco and Tommlo
Rlelly of Salt Lake fought twenty rounds
before the Phoenix Athletic Club to-nighu
Both men showed up cleverly, and it was
?1ve and take all the way through. The re
eree declared the contest a draw, the
decision meeting .reneral approval.
Fight to a Draw.
BOSTON. F«b. 16.— Fully 8000 persons
witnessed the twelfth annual indoor han
dicap games of the Boston Athletic Asso
ciation to-night. A world's record was
broken In the -ii yards low hurdles by F
C. Shuber of Hopkinson School, who made
the distance in live and four-flfths seconds
'In two consecutive heats, one of them be
ing the. semi-final. The event was won bv
Tewksbury. University of Pennsylvania
His time was 5 and four-fifths seconds
Harvard won in Tier team race with the
¦University of Pennsylvania, makine the
distance In 3:11 1-5, breaking the world's
record. HMmi
"World's Record Broken.
A story Is being told In Edinburgh at the
expense of. a certain .Yeomanry officer, an
Immensely popular man, whose one weak
ness is his belief that the making of a
great," general .was lost, when ..he went
Into the business of keeping a shop. The
militia regiment garrisoning Edinburgh
Castle, in > the absence of the Gordon
Highlanders; contains some choice spirits,
and the other day, after a laying together
of -heads among the officers, a stripling
rushed into the establishment of the of*
fleer in question. ¦ ¦
"Oh, Colonel So-and-6o! he called,
"have you, heard the news? ' You are or«
dered off for active service immediately."
The colonel started to, his feet. "Good 1
heavens!'.' fle cried; V'has Kitchener been
killed already?'*— New York Tribune.
His Only Weakness.
24
r x ts
0 £ > i Event No. 3. Q <
=• 3 3 e Delicacy. ; §
»." c " — • 1 [tf-
• NAME. ¦ -*f ?J St SS ¦«!
- ¦•** 2"-- ? a -"3 °« 3*
• ;il r !T i m
, I I I , J * I I
Butler S3 | S7.S| S2 73.4 78.5i
Smyth ,... S5 88. S 74.2 81.5'
Mocker ....>.... SS kC S2.4 70 81.2
TounK 96 S3. 4 94 72.6 83.3
Edwards 103 M.g S4.8 4 7ff.6 S5.7
Muller 101 93.4 S4 80 82
Heller ' 80 83 6 79.4 71. S 75.6 '
A. B. Can-...".. .. *1.8 82 80 S6.5J
Skinner SS.8 SO. 4 75 82.8 .....
Grant 102 ,.;.| -. v .j....'.
San Francisco. |
JiVll
II ,. Oakland. |i
L'P
' t
Leonard . Cheneryl
r. H. Me«
3. F. Mulllns
SV. Amea
\. C. Btngh&m..
iV. La Boyteaux.
-apt. Rumbaugh
H. A. Blaclcman
K. Caxrigan.. ....
Warren Gregory.
W. E. Lester....
4 11
fsJl
"0
3
0
o
0
|j George do Golla...
|j J. Ames
tj Oeo. S. 'VVheaton..
I A. Hlgg\Tii
I T. Rlckari
.H. M. A. Miller..
G. W. McXear Jr.
| H. Smith :...
iP. E. Bowles Jr..
! P. G. Gow
I P. E. Bowles......
i
0
9
0
4
t)
5
0
0
¦
5
2
Totals .-..i...
13
Totals I
2i
r x ts
0 £ > i Event No. 3. Q <
=• 3 3 e Delicacy. ; §
»." c " — • 1 [tf-
• NAME. ¦ -*f ?J St SS ¦«!
- ¦•** 2"-- ? a -"3 °« 3*
• ;il r !T i m
, I I I , J * I I
Butler S3 | S7.S| S2 73.4 78.5i
Smyth ,... S5 88. S 74.2 81.5'
Mocker ....>.... SS kC S2.4 70 81.2
TounK 96 S3. 4 94 72.6 83.3
Edwards 103 M.g S4.8 4 7ff.6 S5.7
Muller 101 93.4 S4 80 82
Heller ' 80 83 6 79.4 71. S 75.6 '
A. B. Can-...".. .. *1.8 82 80 S6.5J
Skinner SS.8 SO. 4 75 82.8 .....
Grant 102 ,.;.| -. v .j....'.
San Francisco. |
JiVll
II ,. Oakland. |i
L'P
' t
Leonard . Cheneryl
r. H. Me«
3. F. Mulllns
SV. Amea
\. C. Btngh&m..
iV. La Boyteaux.
-apt. Rumbaugh
H. A. Blaclcman
K. Caxrigan.. ....
Warren Gregory.
W. E. Lester....
4 11
fsJl
"0
3
0
o
0
|j George do Golla...
|j J. Ames
tj Oeo. S. 'VVheaton..
I A. Hlgg\Tii
I T. Rlckari
.H. M. A. Miller..
G. W. McXear Jr.
| H. Smith :...
iP. E. Bowles Jr..
! P. G. Gow
I P. E. Bowles......
i
0
9
0
4
t)
5
0
0
¦
5
2
Totals .-..i...
13
Totals I
2i
I Liver Don't Act?
: . . You; know very well how you feel when your liver don't act. Bile collects in the blood, bowels become
: constipated and your whole' system is- poisoned. A lazy liver is an invitation for a thousand pains and aches to I
: come and dwell with you. Your life becomes one long measure of irritability and- despondency and badfeeling. |
: CASCARETS act directly, and .in. a peculiarly happy manner on .the ¦.liver-.-and bowels, cleansing, purifying, j
•revitalizing every portion of the liver,. driving all the bile frpm the blood, as is soon shown by increased appetite j
: for food, power to digest it,, and strength to throw off the- waste. Beware of Imitiatiorisl
• . . - 3C * BW ' nimin ' > " —^ ashmgton Su.t. " aT\ ' " l "''
I > **I have bn«n troubled a gre*t deal mah
• '¦¦•". j&Wr jA IBiV ihm. rfor with a torpid liver, which produces constica- Th-\t
I J&BW iflfi 9^L W^k \ n tl0 ?- X found CASCARETS to bo all you 7
• "•¦*¦."' ' .^EmBw Hh ¦yBn . u u claim for them, aad secured such relief tha nap*.
I i|||t; ; JBkvM ' ed first trial that I purchased another supply I iu>
• • £&W Wm Wr Elttfm th( , »4 v a« completely cured. I shaft only be 7?
I XS if «B • MW J l^inn'^M^? imeTi ' 1 whenever tbr
• * ' J9 ¦! ¦ VBM MbBKb nng too opportunity is presented -J A. Smith hat A
v" , afl V JH|y -tely »20Suaquehann> Atc. Philadelphia. Px c]at » **fiA
• Worn Km ¦' ffl»V sk j j0. MkjStL. Jb&k. Wism a mUM Ihl^ Jfsli M
! BEST FOR BOWELS AND^-IVER: . .
\ samd . never sold in bulk. ]
\ THE TABLET ¦ DRUGGISTS j
I beado«h«. IndlKe.tlon, plmplea, p»ln. after en tins, liver trouble, nUm con! * similar inedl cl no In the wurld. • Th U la abMttate vrobr of Jrfiit merit, mS
i -pinion Md <HMlnM». W|ien your bowtli doaif moyd renl»rly yon «r« our b*«t t<-.tlmonl»l. VTe hnwt, f»Uh. mad will I ielf OASIUtt ETS »b*olat«i r , .
. . . fettHtvalck. Constipation UI1U more people^^than nil other «U«eaae S together. «aarante«d to cure armaary r«-rund*d. «o buy today, two SOc bo»i, *!?• •
It Is a starter for the ehronle allmenl* and lon« y«ri 1 ofi ¦nlTerlair th«t cone tbemantlr.honenttrlal, a. pcrslnple direction?. »ad If too are no* .ail.UrU
afterwards. No matter what alls ypa, atart takfner CASCAKEtS today, ror *ft» mini on« 5«c b«x, nturn »« aa«rd SM box and the eapiy boi to
• ".: yjwwIU neter get well and be well all the time until you «nt your bowels ns by main or the dmKrl.frrom whom yim p»rcha»ed It, and ret voar money I
; ... r right. • fake ©or adrlcej start with CAUCABET8 today, under u absolato back for both boxes. Take onr advlee-no matter what alls you-. tart totlay.
I .guarantee to enre or money refunded. • . ; -, ; -.•./. M Bealth win «qlekly follow and yo? will bless the day yoa flrit started the ai«
• -..-..<...; % .,^ ¦.- -.: v . :• ( ¦ ¦ ¦¦ * - V.i/S; ifi*-" ¦'- " of CAaCABITs. Boon free by ¦«!!. AdUt BTULmalLfcilBt CO., %wm I— ««rC»l— »«. •"Great Fnakes! Why eo early?"
"I board at a hotel, and that's the hour
the man in the next room goes to bed." —
New York Weekly. -.-. ~ ..,.•¦'
Willard Memorial Meeting.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— There will 'be-ji
memprial meeting at the First Methodist
Church r to-morrow afternoon :. at 3-30
o'clock in honor, of Tthe late Miss Frances
E. : WUlardrr The meeting will be .under
the ' direction • of i the -Women's Christian
Temperance \ of this . city.'. Mrs. M.
M. '" Woodman i of San . Leandro, a- promi
nent- temperance., advocate, ; will ' ue the
principal speaker. <¦ ¦--¦¦>-¦ •.¦¦•* '"
Leaps Into the Bay.
BENICIA, - Feb. 16.— After the arrival
of a" freight train.' at the railroad depot
at : 3* o'clock this morning, an unknown
man who was being ¦' held by the con
ductor of - the train for breaking: Into a
car succeeded : in freeing himself. , • and
running to the edge of the ' wharf he
leaped . Into the bay. Since then \ nothing
has been seen I of him and it i is supposed
that he- was drowned.- The man was evi
dently, a tramp stealing a ride, and there
Is as yet *no clue to 'his Identity. , >
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Saturday February 1«.
Bchr Mary Etta, i days from Bowens Land
ing.
SAILED.
Saturday, February IS.
Etmr Lecl&naw, Etorrs. .
DOMESTIC PORT.
GP.AT8 HARBOR— Arrived Feb 18— Schr
Henry Wllnon. hence Feb »: ftmr Jennie TJje
lin. hence Feb ll;rchr Halcyon, hence Jan 30;
•tmr Xewburg, hence Feb 13.
OCEAN STEAMERS. , *
'NEW TOUK— Arrived Feb IS— Stm'r, L'Aqul
taine. from Havre. : . y
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Feb. 1»— Etmr
Tacoma. from Tacoma, via Yokohama, • '
LONDON— Palled Feb • 16— Stmr Wyandotte,
for Newport News. -'V'^.y:
SOUSA NIGHT AT i THE
MACDONOTTGH 'THEATEB
Great. Band Leader totGive. a Pro
gramme Consisting of His
.. " Own Compositions. •: .
- OAKLAND,' Feb. 16.— The splend!d\re
ceptton .given to Sousa and his band last
Tuesday evening ( has led; the great con
ductor, to annorince a special Sousa night
to-morrow I (Sunday) . evening at the Mac
donough Theater. \The principal numbers
will all be Sousa compositions. ¦
"Belphagor. the Mountebank," a roman
tic drama will be the card for the com
ing week at the Dewey Theater.
daughters. Miss Lena Runge and Mrs.
F. Eggerstedt. . • i
Mrs. Robert Gore.
VALLEJO. Feb. 16.— Mrs. Robert Gore,
an old resident of this city, dlfed suddenly
this morning of heart disease. *¦
Sharkey in a Bow.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 18.— Tom
Sharkey, who is sparring at a local thea
ter, got Into a difficulty with William Cos
tello a horse trader, at" the theater to
night. Costello, who had a front seat.
Insisted on boxing Sharkey. Not knowing
Costello, Sharkey refused to have an»
thing to do with him, whereupon Costello
made his 'way to the stage and struck
Sharkey. The latter pushed him against
the wall and was about - to finish him
when the police of the theater lnter
ferred. . . '
Championship Skating Races.
MONTREAL, Feb. 16.— The amateur
skating races for the . championship of
America took place here to-day. The
Americans were not in their usual form,
the only first place being won by E. A.
Thomas of New York, who captured the
five mile race. In. the SSO yard event for
boys twelve years and under Gaudet, Mon
treal won. Drury and Belief uile, the two
fast Canadian skaters, had a spill near
the finish; and -Thombas; took the race
easily., 1 j ' -wl
$20, regular $28 S-plec« Bedroom Butts this
week at H. Schellhaas* corner »tore. Eleventh
street, eea "em," Oakland. •..
ACCEPTS CALL TO
A NEW PASTOBATE
Rev. Ernest E. Baker Announces He
Will Come to First Presby
terian diurchu^vA .
OAKLAND. Feb. 16.— Rev. Ernest E.
Baker has ' accepted the call to the pas
torate of the First Presbyterian Church.
In a dispatch from Cleveland, Ohio, the
distinguished divine announces that v he
will ' resign on - Sunday from his present
pulpit, and will -begin his new pastorate
on Easter. It is stated that the officers
of*his Cleveland church made an heroio
Effort to induce Dr. ; Baker to remain
there. During his Western* trip the emi
nent clergyman- made no secret of ¦ his
satisfaction over i the conditions, in this
city. It was practically a foregone con
clusion that he would accept the call that
has been extended -.to him. ¦ . ; ..
Knights of Pythias Entertain.
OAKLAND. Feb. 16.— West Oakland
Lodge No. 141. Knights of Pythias, gave
an entertainment last evening at Alcatraz
Hall .In honor of the degree team of Oak
land Lodge No. 103. After the musical and
literary numbers there was dancing. The
committees were as follows: Entertain
ment—C. Hi Lewis (chairman). E. C.
Rogers, J. J. Degnan: W. H. Smith. O.
W. Hawkins; reception— J. J. Degnan, L.
E. Gracies. Charles Stelnan. J. J. Hen
drick; floor— C. H. Lewis (director), E. C.
Rogers, 8. Friedman. J. E. Lagona.
lnterclass Field Day.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— The lnterclass ath
letic field day of the Oakland High School
will be • held Saturday. March 2, at the
Berkeley oval.
Death of J. A. Foote.
BERKELEY, Feb; 16.— Joseph Addison
Foote died this morning at the home of
his son-in-law, Professor Thomas R. Ba
con, on Bushnell place. The deceased was
a native of Batavla, Ohio, aged 72 year*.
He • was a retired seed merchant. Two
daughters survive him.— Mrs. Bacon and
Miss Foote,- a teacher In Thatcher"*
School at OJai, this State.
The funeral will probably be- held Mon
day, although definite arrangements have
not yet been completed. .
Alumni Team Defeated.
BERKELEY. Feb. 16.— The Stanford-
California alumni baseball nine met with
serious defeat this afternoon on • th»
campus in Its first game with the varsity
men. Errors and wild plays were more
numerous, on both s'des than runs, al
though at the close of the last inning the
score stood 21—9.
Lawrence Kaarsberg of California foot
ball fame twirled for the alumni with
Charles Swindells of Stanford behind the
bat. Orval Overall occupied the box
through most of the innings for the local
team. Loring Barker was catcher
Walter Christie umpired the game.
LOSES A LOO TO .
£*& SAVE HIS OWN LIFE
Former Sheriff Charles J. McCleverty
. . Suffers Amputation of His - -
Right L«g.
OAKLAND. Feb. 16.— To save his life
former Sheriff Charles J. . McCleverty,
owner of the Fashion stables, has been
compelled to suffer the amputation of his
right leg. above the. knee. The operation
was performed this morning and it is an
nounced that the patient bore the' ordeal
very well and is In goad condition. '
Several years ago Mr. McCleverty was
seriously injured by being thrown from a
buggy in a runaway accident. - He had
been a sufferer since then from the severe
strain to his leg and temporary expedients
only served to prolong the tlnal issue.
Of late the trouble had been so aggra
vated that after a .consultation with the
surgeons Mr. Mc^ieverty was Informed
that the only possible escape from early
death was to have the Injured member
amputated.' .
NEW YORK, Feb. 18y— "Wanalng was
sent out by the police Friday night that
the firebugs- who had mad» Ineffectual
efforts to set fire to- a number of Chicago
hotels were on their way to New York.
To-night a negro was found in a court
room of the Imperial Hotel acting sus
piciously. When arrested all his pockets
were found to be full of matches.
The Chicago police sent word to Chief
Devery Friday to look for the incendi
aries. The Hotel Men's Association took
measures of protection. Instructing their
watchmen and private detectives to be
doubly vigilant. Captain Titus stationed
men at the Grand Central station to keep
an extra' lookout for suspicious charac
ters, and the police of the tenderloin sta
tion received instructions to be particu
larly watchful. The negro who was ar
rested refused to make any statement.
Hotels On. Their Way to
New .York.
lien Who Attempted to Bum Chicago
POLICE WATCHHTQ
FOR INCENDIABIES
DELAYED ACTING
FOR FIVE HOURS
Then Walter Borella's Leg
Was Amputated Three
Times.
"An hour after the boy was brought to
my office he was taken to the Alarneda.
Sanitarium. There I waited until- 11
o'clock before Dr. Sander .arrived from
the city. We amputated a portion of the
foot in an endeavor to save as much of
it as we could. If I. had had the case
alone I would have amputated it above
the ankle. My connection with the case
ceased after the first operation. In my
opinion the delay lessened the boy's
chances for life. The longer the delay
after an accident of that kind the greater
the danger." . .
Dr. Alfred Sander testified that the am-
"When I was about to proceed with the
amputation which I found necessary I
was interrupted by the boy's guardian.
He did not want me to treat the case.
He wanted his family physician. Dr. San
der. Dr. Sander was out of town and
they tried to get other physicians, but
they all seemed to be busy.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 16.— According to the
testimony adduced at the Coroner's In
quest this evening: into the death of 9
year-old Walter Borella. whose right foot
was run ove'r and crushed by a broad
gauge train Sunday night while he was
attempting to Jump off. the boy. lay. for
five hours after the accident before any
thing was done for him, and then three
amputations were made in four' days.
The cause of the delay, a witness said,
was a squabble as to who should treat
the wounded- boy, and two of the • ampu
tations were necessary on account of
blood poisonlnc
"The boy was brought to my office
about 6 o'clock Sunday evening," testi
fied Dr. J. A. Rlley. "Half of the right
foot was crushed, leaving only the great
toe unhurt. I did what I could then to
ease the boy's sufferings. He did not
seem to be suffering a great amount from
shock. I didn't consider It a dangerous
case ttien, and the boy had a chance for
recovery unless there were other compli
cations. - .
John W. Rough, an engineer on th«
Monon road, has patented a device to
prevent train holdups. The plan is oper
ated by a secret button In easy touch of
the engineer, and so located that he can.
without being observed and under cover
of a train robber's revolver, touch the
button, which will start several whistles
blowing, turn off all the lights and flr«
off any number of guns from the baggage
car.
Block Declared Uninhabitable.
BERKELEY. Feb. 16.— The Bailey block,
forming the principal business center of
Dwlgnt way, is declared unfit for human
habitation by a special health committee
from the Town Trustees. The committee
visited the place and the chairman. W.
H. Marston, president of tho board, re
ported last night that it should be con
demned. .He declared that the rear of the
place was as filthy as the aens in China
town.
As the town has no ordinance covering
such cases no action could be taken. The:
Town Attorney was Instructed to .draw
up an ordinance giving the Health De
partment and the board power to con
demn and tear down buildings unfit tot
human beings to live in.
Thrusting Stick Into Stove
Result^ iir a Fatal;
'¦ - ? Burning.. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Feb. 16.
While playing about a cook stove this
morning .attno ranch of his parents, one
mile from Haywards, John Cardoza, the
lS-months-old child of Mr. and Mrs. Car
doza, was burned to -death, his clothing
catching fire. • The mother and father
were in a field, 'and the baby's brothers
and Bisters tried in vain to save the little
one.
They # narrowly escaped being burned
themselves as they tried to tear' off the
blazing cotton garments that enveloped
the Infant, whose screams attracted the
attention of the parents. . Before the lat
ter arrived - the child's flesh had been
burned to. a crisp and the' clothing was
nearly destroyed. Dr. Alexander of Hay
v.-ards was summoned. . The baby- was
barely alive when he arrived.
The accident occurred in the basement
of the farmhouse where the family re
sided. The i father and mother after
breakfast had gone out .to do some
chores, leaving the baby and older chil
dren. The . little one crawled up- to the
stove and managed to get a small stick
into the wood lire which was burning
briskly. As he withdrew the bit of wood,
which was ignited, sparks. scattered upon
his flimsy • cotton clothing and the gar
ments were in an instant afliime. The
other children were helpless In their strug
gles to extinguish the burning dress and
underclothes because of their fright. By
the time the parents arrived there was no
hope for the infant. . ' . .
Mrs. Cardoza narrowly escaped being
burned herself. As she was tearing uie
blackened shreds of clothing off the child
sparks settled upon her dress, but she
managed to save herself from the fate
that had befallen her little son.
Coroner Mehrmann held an Inquest this
evening at Haywards.'
INFANT SETS HIS
OWN DRESS AFIRE
putatlon of the portion of the boy's foot
was made by himself and Dr. Rlley. after
which he had the case alone until two
days afterward when he called In consul
tation Dr. Fehlelsen of the German Hos
pital and later Dr. Tate of. the French.
Hospital of San Francisco.
"The boy was all right the day after
the first operation," said Dr. Sander.
"The next day his pulse went m> to 108.
I *aw that blood poisoning had set In. X
called In Dr. Fehlelsen, but we were un
able to accomplish anything. Aa the boy
grew worse we called In Dr. Tate. and at
5 o'clock on Wednesday we amputated
above the ankle. But that did not stop
the blood poisoning', and the next day we
performed another amputation just be
low the thigh In an endeavor to get above
the unhealthy tissue. The shock was too
much, however."
The Jury brought in a verdict flridlnsr
that the boy had come to his death from
blood poisoning from a wound produced
by being run over by a train. The tarors
were D. T. Hard. Joseph Bernard. Christ
Grau. - W. A. Conneau. Thomas Pray,
Charles Beuclc and George W. Gray.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— The Muni
cipal League sounded the key
note of. its campaign at Masonic
Hall this evening when its .cany
dldates made ' the municipal
ownership of • water the issue and
charged that the opposition tickets were
controlled by the Contra Costa Water
Company. The Contra Costa Water Com
pany came in .for a plentiful roasting
irom all the speakers. . '
The meeting was called to- order by
Carey Howard, president of the Muni
cipal League, who tola a. little about the
oiganization ana the lite .of the organ
ization. . He eaid that the same forces
wtie at work m the present campaign
that were at work when the league was
organized, and tnat the same reasons ex
isted now for the league as existed when
It was .born.
Walter O. Manuel, nominee of the
league for Mayor, declared flatly tor
municipal ownership of water supply,
saying:
**There are two available supplies of
water, both of which are amply suUlclent
for the needs of this city, which can be
obtained by the municipality for about
$2,uu0,000. Interest upon me bonds for this
amount would be IIOO.OO.) a year, a sink-
Ing tund for the redemption of these
bonds would mean $50,000 more, and
operating expenses would be $60,000 more,
or a total of $200,000 a year to be raised by
this plant by water rates, as against $473,-
OuO now paid by the rate payers of Oak
land to the Contra Costa -Water Com
pany upon a basis of $4,000,000 valuation,
if the Contra Costa Water Company wins
the suit now pending in the Superior
Court, we will have to pay water rates
upon double that valuation, or nearly
$1,000,000 annually for water rates. As the
city now receives less than half a million
of dollars In taxes each year, we are now
paying nearly as much water rates' as
taxes, and in the event of the company's
winning this suit would have to pay
double the water rates that we do taxes.
"The ownership of a . municipal plant
would not affect taxes, for the plant wouM
pay for itself by water rents. The candi
dates of the Municipal League ticket are
pledged to put the machinery for secur
ing a municipal water supply in operation
at once they are in office."
Judge J. Al. Haven spoke for non-partl
sanlsm in municipal affairs and said tha:
party lines should not control where the
business Interests of the city were af
fected.
W. A. Dow. candidate for City Attorney,
also* spoke in favor of non-partlEaalsm In
city affairs, and then said:
"The Contra' Costa Water Company ha»
absolute control of the tickets of tho two
great national parties, and do you want
that corporation to control the affairs of
your city for the next' two years'; i'ou all
know what the Contra Costa Water Com
pany has done In the years gone by when
It controlled the politics of this city. For
a few years there was competition, and
then it bought off Its rival. The first thm<
that it did wa» to burn the books of its
rival, and its own. The second thing that
it did was to bring a *.uit to force an ab
normal valuation after having destroyed
the best evidence of the amount of Its in
vestment — the books.
"Under the valuation that they propose
the city will have to pay nearly a million
dollars-in water rates a year. It has be
come a question of whether the city woul'l
acquire a water supply or the water sup
ply acquire the city.
M.'K. Miller, candidate for City En
gineer, said:
"You all know what the Contra' Costa
Water Company has done in this -city for
the last twenty-five years, and .from -Us
present actions it does not seem to have
mended its ways. It is keeping in politic?
In the same old way. It purchased tho
Republican City Central Committee for
gold coin, and- now it is trying to get a
ticket that will do "its bidding-. It does
not want a Mayor that will .-sign a low
water rate ordinance: It does not want
a City Attorney that will prosecute the
water rate suit: it doca not want a City
Engineer that will report favorably upon
'a municipal water supply; It does not
want a City Council that will frame a low
water rate ordinance: it does not. want -a
city officer that will not do its bidding."
Other speeches were made by A. H.
Breed. Felton Taylor; B. C. Cuvellier, A
H. Pratt, and other candidates upon the
ticket. "->':-
teing Away a Two-Dollar
Laborer Attempts Murder. After An-
LOSES, IN POTTER GAME
SLASHES A COMPANION
Bankroll.
-SEATTLE, Feb. 16.— Andrew Coy, a la
borer, voluntarily gave ."himself up. this
morning ' to the police" for an attempted
murder in Bothel. / "
"I cut a man's throat last night," he
told the officers. "It. was at Bothel, and
I walked to this city."
Chief of Police Meredith communicated
with Sheriff Cudlhee and the Sheriff's of
fice ascertained over the telephone that
during a row in a saloon at Bothel a man
received a serious' wound - in the ' throat
and bis assailant escaped.^ Late this af
ternoon William Blackman of . : Bothel
swore' out a complaint against Coy and
Deputy Sheriff Williams ' will be sent to
Bothel to- investigate. ¦ ¦¦ • •
W. H. .Blackburn, a resident of Bothel
who arrived here to-day, said . the man
whose throat was cut is Daniel Morris,
a logger. The affair, he says, was cold
blooded. The men had been In a game of
P* e £. and Coy lost all 'his -money— about'
?2- Enraged, he drew the knife across
Morris throat, opening a gash nearly
from ear to ear. Dr. Lyttle sewed up the
wound. ' .,--- --:: \
Henry Range.
'ER1IANTOWX, Feb. 16. — Henry
Rtnge, a farmer, died this evening at his
home, one-half mile north of town, at the
«r* of €S, of consumption. Mr. Runge was
bon In Germany aad came to this State
In id. He Is survived by two -sisters.
Mrs. John Gattsch of Willows and Mrs.
Chr* Slvera of Gennantown; one brother,
Clar» Runce of this place, and two
OAKLAND. Feb. 35.— The Republi
can City Central Committ-**
opened the municipal campaigi
to-night with a meeting at Elite
Hall, which was addressed by the
party's candidates for the various city
offices.
The meeting was called to order by
Everett Brown, chairman of the Central
Committee. The gathering was enthusias
tic. Ilach of the candidates spoke of th^
need_of municipal^ ownership of water
workVand to"the~hew era of "prosperity
possible under better city administration.
.Mr. Brown made a short address in open-
Ir.g the meeting. He said in part:
"During the administration of our glori
ous rational leader, McKinley, every oth
er part of this great country has made
unprecedented progress. Oakland, a city
second to none in natural advantage*, has
stood still. Every one who knows any
tninr of the trend of municipal govern
ment la our fair city knows that a radi
cal change Is imperative. Now Is the time
for that change."
Mr. Brown introduced Judfe Z. N.
Goldsbv. who presided over the meeting.
Anyon Bantow, the> Republican candi
date for the Mayoralty, was received with
caeers. He said, in part:
"Oakland is naturally the Que«n City of j
the Pacific. Nature baa eaid It and It
remains ror the ciUxens of this favored
municipality to do their part. I pledge
myself, if elected, as I expect to be. uo
co what I can. I urge upon you the
choice of progressive men to till the other
offices on the ticket. My own ambition is
to be able to look back with pride on a
record as chief magistrate of ihe city of
rny home and of all my interests."
F C Turner. Republican nominee for
City Er-gineer, said that It Is at last time
to stop petty Internal bickerings and to
make a united effort to place the city
whera its natural advantages gave it a
right to be.
"I cannot help contrasting Oakland.
with Its splendid location but backward
etate of development, with Los Angele*.
u coxnxanaity whose enterprise has made
tueh a. magnificent showing. It is- time
for us to wake up."
James A. Johnson, the party s nominee
for City Attorney, said:
••The three leading municipal platforms
differ on nearly every question, but they
are a unit on tills, that the city has for a
lor.g time bwn afflicted with a Silurian
government, from which It Is high time
to escape.
"The Republican party has been ac
cused of uncertainty on one score — that of
municipal water supply. Now it 1» un
deniable that we have and have bad no
end cf trouble over the water furnished
by the Contra Costa Water Company and
the rates we have had to pay for It. In
the trial now going on in the Superior
Court it has developed that an abundant
supply of the purest water 1» available to
Oakland, ard I believe that the city
should b« bonded to build municipal
¦water works. I believe that we
can reduc* our water rates one
half, and I believe that the question
rhould be submitted to the people. And I
pledge myself if elected to defend the suit
now pending if necessary up to the Su
pr*>m»! Court of the United States. „
"But you are waiting to hear a more
plfted orator — a man whom we have hon
ored and shall honor and who wi!l make
a. good Governor." .
William R. Davis was then introduced.
Mr. Davis said:
"I am a Republican, and I am for the
Republican party all the way across this
broad country, because it is an honest
party and nerves the people well. There
If one ticket in the field which stands for
the principles which the people repudiated
• t the polls last November— I can respect
the repsentativea of that ticket because
their principles are clearly denned and
understood. There Is another ticket in
the field following a banner labeled with
the high name of 'Reform.' They pretend
to some mysterious superiority to the Re
publican and Democratic parties, whence
they bolted. I am not willing to concede
that Fup^riority on their record. Reform
In pr>vernment doesn't come out of star
chamber proceedings like those of the
Municipal League, carried on in secret In
xnoetlnfs from which you were excluded
and against whose procedure many of the
most respected members of their conven-
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Colonel Peter S. Mlchie.
WEST POINT, Feb. 1«.-Colonel Peter
f . Mlchle. professor of the department of
ratural and experimental philosophy at
the United States Military Academy, died
to-day after a short illness of pneumonia.
He was 73 years -old, and had been on
cuty here as professor - since 1871. He
rraduated from the' Military Academy in
i C2 and stood second in his class. He en
tered the corps of engineers and served
Jr. the operations against Charleston In
V-T& and IRC*. He is survived by his widow
'3d a daughter. One son, the late Lieu
tenant Dennis Mahan Michie. was killed
In the battle of San Juan Hill, and In
lew than a year after the only remaining
Ma died from pneumonia.
tlon revolted. The members of the Mu
nicipal League pay that they need no
bond of party allegiance; that men and
not organization are essential. Well, take
them on that basis. Scrutinize this ticket.
If you can find a man there who wears
the collar of any corporation. I'll scratch
h!s name from my ballot.
"I defy any man to produce candidates
more capable imd of more unquestioned
integrity than «hese nominees of the Re
publican party. But something more than
men is needed. Eleven men, of however
good intentions, sitting together do not
necessarily constitute a governmental
body. A united purpose and a harmony
of feeling If as essential as good inten
tions. We want you to put In a Repub
lican administration from top to bottom.
DR. JOSEPH LE CONTE
TO RETTJUN THURSDAY
Seventy-Seventh Anniversary of His
Birth, to Be Celebrated by
Students.
BERKELEY. Feb. 18.— The students of
the University of California will cejebrate
the seventy-seventh anniversary of Pro
fessor Joseph LeConte's birthday on Feb
ruary 26. Holding this celebration has be
come a custom in college and the annl
versary is always made one of the gala
days of the year. Dr. Le Conte's lecture
room is decorated and a gift from the stu
dents presented to him. It was feared
this year that Professor Le Conte could
not be present, but word was received to
day that he and Mrs. Le Conte will ar
rive here Thursday from Georgia. They
have been visiting relatives in the South.
The following committee has charge of
the birthday celebration: Miss Edna
Owen. Miss Muriel Eastman. Miss Una
Fowler. R. E. Glbbs, H. M. Leete and P.
«. binsbeimer.
BERKELEY. Feb. 16.— February 22
has . been set aside as "women
students' day" at the University,
of California, Hereafter it will
be observed by some ceremony or
entertainment given by the college -wo
men. They •will have complete charge and
will make their day a prominent feature
of university life. .
On women students' day the co-eds will
give a benefit for themselves, or rather
.tor some branch of work *r sport In which
they are engaged. The day will -be de
voted entirely to them and to their in
terests. The men students have agreed
to 'give them every' assistance possible to
make this new feature of college activities
a success.
This year a farce will be given for -he
benefit of the. SDorts and Pastime— Club.
This club Includes all of the women's atn
letlc -organizations, such as the archery,
boating, basket ball and tennis depart
ments. The pl.ins are to purchase boats
for the boat "crews and later to build a
boathouse on the Oakland estuary. The
archery department Is also in need of
equipment.
, Miss Agnes Frlslus. president of the As
sociated Women Students, has appointed
the following business committee to have
charge of the first women students' day:
Miss Grace J. Boggs, Miss Grace E.
Woods. Miss Eva E. Busch. Miss Eliza
beth E:\Ledgett. Miss Inez Shippee. STisa
Edna Grace Fowler and Miss Annie Mc-
Cleave. '
An original farce, entitled "Gentle i-iss
Gellett." written by Miss May Eleanor
Gates of the Junior class, will be produced
in the afternoon of the 22d inst. at the
Macdonough Theater. The following cast
of college students will take part:
Frank Warren, a fellow In English. C. A-
Kenyon; Du Payne Rawltns. a D«lta PI. Harry
Paddock; Rer. Trevelyan Symmes, d?an of
Yarborouch Cbll^se for Young Ladi-s. B. W.
Tully; Billy Sim?, a Berkeley transfer man.
Emil Kr^'jxchej Afrutnaldo Ferrano, a Filipino
student. Alex Adler: Hewitt L*alt». a Blue and
Gold artist, Ray Carter; Maxwell Greene, a
Stanford Delta PI. Earl C. Anthony; Mercedes
G«llett. a co-ed from Canada. May Eleanor
Gat's; Mrs. Treveljran Symmes, a visitor from
Toronto. Annie Holmes; Mr*. McAllister, a
landlady. Maud" SchaeOr: Miss Jacqutllna
Richmond. Augusta Breslauer: Gsonr!ana Maud
Brldell Taylor, Pearl Cox; Mary Flynn, who
works by the day. William Schaw.
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
/ 1118 Broadway.. Feb. 16. .
Adam Mantel, whose marital- troubles
have brought htm prominently before the
public as "the man from Mexico," con
ducted arid lost his own case In the di
vorce proceedings brought against him by
his wife before Judge Hall to-day.
The testimony given at the hearing de
picted two thrilling scenes" in the couple's
fleeting married life. Mantel said that
the circumstances In each case goaded
him to the point of madness, a statement
eagerly corroborated by Mrs. Mantel and
concurred in by the court. His Honor re
marked that in ill charity he must pro
ncunce the defendant's actions as ex
tremely eccentric, but he hesitated about
officially deciding that he was insane.
The .first scene ol the story was laid In
Frultyale, the second . In Chihuahua.
Mantel Bald that his first experience of
married bliss was so short he hadn't
time to bid his wife jrood-by and had to
run from the house of the officiating
clergyman to catch his train. He did not
se«j her again for nine months. Mrs.
Mantel said that the second scene. In Chi
huahua, was as brief as 6he could
make it- ' . -.
The couple first met as the result of a
notice Inserted in a San Francisco paper
by Miss Cuthbert applying for a position
as governess. Mantel, who was located In
Mexico as a traveling agent for a brew
ery, answered the advertisement, saying
that he wanted a "young, refined lady,"
not as governess, but as his wife. Mrs.
M. C. Maxwell of Fruitvale. with whom
Miss Cuthbert was living, wrote to Mantel
that she would Introduce him to the
young lady and that they could then de
cide his proposal for themselves. From
Mantel's letter. the match was not an un
desirable one. He said he was receiving
a salary of $300 a month. He neglected
to mention the fact that this was Mexican
rr.oney.
Mantel came to Fryltvale and pressed
his suit. Before matters had reached .-»
definite stage he was summoned by wire
to -proceed south Immediately. Mrs. Max
well thought her ward Would be compro
mised unless the pair were married be
fore he left and so a hurried ceremony
was arranged just In time to allow the
groom to catch the steamer for the south,
The bride remained In Fruitvale, sup
ported by remittances from Mantel, for
nine months. Then he wrote that he was
ready for her to Join him In Mexico, but
stipulated that she should come alone.
" He testified that he -was petrified with
horror on receiving a telegram stating
that his wife was on her way to Chihua
hua, accompanied by her friend. Miss
Katnerlne Maxwell. When Mrs. Mantel
arrived he. reproached her for disobeying
his orders, and he admitted on the stand
that in the excitement of the moment he
was more abusive than he Intended to be.
His wife declined to stay with "him . and
left Chihuahua the next day In spite of
Mantel's orders to the Prefect of Police
to detain her. Mrs. Mantel's testimony
related that her Irate spouse created a
farewell scandal at the station, drawing
all the street loungers of Chihuahua to
the place by his loud and abusive tirade.
But her departure from the land of poco
tlempo did not release her from Mantel's
attentions. She said that on their way
home she and her friend ¦ found . that the
officers had been notified to be on the
lookout for them at every Btop. They
had had thrust upon them the unwelcome
distinction of a place, on the blacklist of
every Chief of Police (from Chihuahua to
Fruitvale.
As his own attorney. Mantel made a plea
to the court, saying that he had been pub
licly scandalized and was a heartbroken
man. The oourt might decide against
him, but there were other ways of attain
ing his ends. This covert threat' was re
peated more openly after the court had
rendered the decree of divorce, and Man
tel was restrained by a deputy sheriff
until Mrs. Mantel had left the courtroom.
"What do you mean by what you Just
eald?" he was asked.
"Timo will tell," said the ¦ man from
Mexico.
Judge Expresses Opinion That From
Testimony a Judgment of insan
ity Against I>afendant Might*
Be Justifiable. ¦'
MAN FROM MEXICO
LOSES HIS CASE
. — -v, — . ©
¦Threatens to Accomplish His
Ends Outside ¦¦"Court's*
Jurisdiction.
NEWS of the Bay Cities Alameda OAKLAND Berkeley
DECLARE FOR THE MUNICIPAL
OWNERSHIP OP WATER PLANT
Republicans and the Leaguers Formally Open the City
Campaign With Big Meetings.
THE SAX FRANGISCO 'CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17\ 1901.
Washington's Birthday Is Set Aside as the Date in
Each Year That Co-Eds Will Observe.
"WOMEN STUDENT5' DAY" WILL
BE MADE PERMANENT FEATURE
AUTHORESS OP THE FARCE "GENTLE MISS pELLETT" AND TWO OTHERS OF THE YOUNG LADIES WHO
WILL APPEAR IN THE CAST WHEN THE PIECE IS PRESENTED AT THE MACDONOUGH ON THE AFTER
NOON OF WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAT. . ' . • • ...
NOMINEES OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE MUNICIPAL LEAGUE FOR THE OFFICE OF MAYOR OF
OAKLAXD. AND THE MAN WHO PRESIDED AT THE RALLY OF THE FORMER IX ELITE HALL LAST
NIGHT.
, Mahograny, Finish*^ . Parlor. Furniture on tale
this week i at ''corner I Eleventh it.* i H.V Schell
haas. Oakland. ' . •
The Turks have seven different kinds of
flutes.'.- '. . '- -.—¦.. '_: ¦ ,¦ • .. ¦ " '
The poet whose bosom ewells with am
bition and whose -otomach shrinks with
modesty Is In a tight fix." ¦ '
In the big battleships now. being built
very little wood is being used. In time of
battle; there will be.- no. danger - from
splinters. - - •¦•.,.,
Jackson— What time Ao you wake up In
the morning usually? ¦
Jirason — Four o'clock.
25
Space will not permit a. complete description of the lncompar- ¦*» t^ m _—
able St. James Treatment In urethral disease*. Every sufferer Sf^ 1^^ fif"
from Stricture and its offspring*. Prostatltls and Seminal . Weak- H nil u '
ness should write to the St. James Association. 2C0 St. Jam^L EX k K9
Bids.. Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful illustrated work show- r W^ Bp r
ingr r the parts ¦ of the human system Involved in urethral ail- ¦ a fl B w
ments, which they will send securely wrapped In plain package. ¦ | I W BL
prepaid - .......v; * " ¦*¦
St. James Assn., 250 St. James Block, Cincinnati/ 0.
we answer the
ipjrS^taj. questions briefly. If
P^."*«S^W you cut an artery
/. < ?W« in your arm you do
i .vyfpSMa not talcs Internal
)9fet Tif^Biw medicine to stop the
/™ fWtS^M fl° w of blood. YOU
V\ nUt'/flR USE LOCAL AP-
K VR*-*W- PLICATIONS. Sim-
" t jT llaply ¦when tn» ure-
V*a#^ thrai ducts become
Imt rfZ/JWH.* weakened and re-
JfV^ANW laxed It Is rldlcu-
¦+ZUi-2i~>rri&r i 0U9 to take Inter-
¦ • nal treatment.
which " must pass through the stomach
and urine before It reaches the seat of
disease. The seminal ducts project Into
the urethral canal through the Prostate
Gland, and ar« easily reached by LOCAL
TREATMENT.
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent" • soluble
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever
remove •
Urethral Stricture
In 15 days, without pain, injury or Incon-
venience. ' The bougies are inserted at
nlpht and act while you sleep. "Gran-
Solvent" removes every symptom of stric-
ture, leaving? the canal as healthy as when
nature formed it. No .BRUTAL CUT-
TING OR DILATING. NO INJECTIONS
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE. NO
INTERNAL DRUGGING TO RUIN THE
STOMACH. The 8t. James treatment Is
local, direct and positive.
The St. James treatment is prepared In
the form . of Crayons, very narrow,
smooth, flexible and wholly solub.le. which
are inserted Into the water passage at
night, \rh«re they dissolve and deposit the
medication in Its full strength upon the
Prostate Gland, contracting and strength-
ening • the ducts and FOREVER STOP-
PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS and
curing while the patient sleeps. '
Varicocele.
Varicocele is an accumulation of slu<-
gish blood In the veins of the scrotum,
due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
has its origin- In a diseased and torpid
Prostate Gland. Operations In. this dis-
ease are only temporary, and no me-
chanical device yet discovered has cured
a .single case. Gran-Solvent heals the
Prostate and restores healthy circulation.
Varicocele disappears and the ¦ slusrfjlah
accumulation is replaced by pure,
healthy red blood. , r .
Thousands of men strictured. weak.
wasting aad despondent were cured and
restored by the- St. James method last
year. A vast army of men In whom the
lijrht of life has penetrated the fearful
nishtmare of stricture and seminal de-
cay. " .
WHY IT CURES MEN.
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.,The first book ever printed in Switzer
land bears the date of 1470.
'What is this here diplomacy?" asked
the grocery loafer, according to the In
dianapolis Press. ' i ¦
"It is like this here," said the erocer.
'Fer instance, if I wanted to call you a
liar I'd just do so right out; but if I wanted
to be diplomacy I'd go at lt sorter round
about anV-JIa' say to the surroundln' air
that while I wasn't nnmin' no names, I
reely did believe that a certain rerl-nosed
squint-eyed' cuss that had et at least ten
pound of my best cheese without- ever
payin' a cent was not bo keerful with the
truth as he orter be. See?"-rChicago Jour
nal. -
Ethics of Diplomacy.
"While tho city bells chimed tho noon
hour yesterday Miss Edna Hopkins and
W. H. Taylor Jr. exchanged the solemn
binding vows that made^hem husband and
wife. The ceremony took place. in the
south drawing room of the elegant home
of tha bride's parents, Mr. and E. W.
Wopklns, on the corner of California and
Laguna street?, and was witnessed by 200
invited guests. •
Rev. Mr. Parsons of San Mateo. assist
ed by Rev. Mr. Clampett of Trinity, pro
nounced the solemn words. The bride was
attended by her sister, Miss Georgia Hop
kins, and her cousin. Miss Frances Hop
kins, who acted as maid of honor.. Miss
Caro Crockett, Miss Frances Moore, Miss
Mary Scott and Miss Carrie Taylor of
llciated as bridesmaids.
Augustus Taylor, brother of the groom,
was best man and Harry Stetson, Alfred
"Wilcox. Fred McKear.and Harry Simp
kins officiated as ushers.
The bride. wore an exquisite gown of,
whita satin, elaborately trimmed with
point lace. Her maid of honor wore a
dainty gown of pink mousseline and the
bridesmaids Trere similarly attired in blue.
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor left last evening
for a southern bridal trip. On their' re
turn they will go to Burllneame, where
they have taken a house for the spring
ana glimmer months.
Many Society People Attend
Ceremony, Which Is Ctlu
brated at Noon.
MISS HOPKINS
WEDS WILL TAYLOR
To-morrow $5 men's Alaska seal chocs
for J1.90. Shoe Trust Sale, 717 Market st •
! Two • thousand gallons *of . 'air" are a
grown up person's allowance for twenty
four hours. <,;v;^ , •• vncm '
An English gentleman, hailing from the
West country. Bervins In the Imperial
Yeomanry, wa» taken prisoner In South
Africa. General Dewet received him with
the greatest courtesy and entertained him
most hospitably. When the Englishman
referred to the anxiety hin family at home
would feel about him, Dewet told him
to write a lonjr dispatch and he would
have it transmitted free Of charge. At
the next engagement he had die English
man placed on a hill, whence he and his
escort could watch the fljjht. «fter putting
his captive on parole. Finally, on an ex
change of prisoners, tho Englishman
grasped Dewet cordially by the hand
thanked him, and added: "If you ever
get to Knerland, remember, you must come
and stay with me."— Buffalo Commercial.
The Briton and Dewet.
"We are more liable to be worked* by
blackmailers of this kind," he said, "than
any other class of professional men and I
am always on my guard. If the woman
had carried out her threat and . made a
scene it would have been simply my word
against hers. , If she did not happen to be
known to the pollco many people would
believe any story sh«> might choose to tell
Fortunately my bluft worked.'"— New York
Sun.. ¦¦."..--
"You are the first of your kind that I
have seen for more than a year," he said
pleasantly. VI was telling my assistant a
few days ago about this sort of . black
mailing game. He in about to make some
flashlight pictures of my operating-room
If you will wait Just a moment I -will
bring him out to take your picture.','
The physician stepped Into his operat-
Ing'-room and called his assistant's name
The .woman did as. lie hoped and, took the
opportunity to escape to the' street. The
physician's assistant had gone homo an
hour before and the physician bad simply
worked a successful bluff.
Doctor. she said, "you could not
afford to have a woman make a scene In'
your o/nce, could you? Tou don't know
me, but I am a very hysterical woman.
I think that if you would give me enough
to pay my carfare to Chicago it might
prevent a scene."
The physician-«aw before she had fin
ished that he had a dangerous blackmailer
to deal with. .
A West Side physician was about to
leave his office on Friday night when a
well-dressed woman met him at the door
and said that sho must see him for a
moment. The phyEician stepped back into
his reception room and he saw that the
woman who followed him was a stranger.
She made two or three rambling remarks
and he asked her what she wanted. Tho
door Into the physician's operating-room
was open and tho woman could see no
one In there.
Game on a Lady.
New York Physician Works 'a Idttlo
FOILS A BLACKMAILE&.
A quiet man with a florid face was in ?.
crowd of passengers at a certain railroad
station and the discussion turned upon
swindling the automatic weighing ma
chines, which respectfully request that a
penny be put into tho slot. One fellow
could dodge it with a wire pushed in un
til it touched the spring which puts the
weighing machinery at work and lets the
needle loose. Another made lt work by
Inserting a knife blado. and another put
in a piece of lead nicely adjusted as to
size and shape. The quiet young man
eald. eoberly. "Why . put in anything?
Blow in the slot, and, jumping upon
the platform, he fastened his mouth over
the slot, and, puffing out his cheeks,
threw a email hurricane into the workg.
Sure enough the thing worked, and tho
needle registered his weight.'
"Well, I declare," paid one man.
"I'll be blowed," eald another, with a
vl*w of proprieties.
"Try it," eaid the young man; it's
easy." . *
So they all tried It, puffed and blew and
distended their cheeks until every one of
them was tired, but It didn't work. ,»¦.
"Blow harder."
They all blew until exhausted, and still
the needle never budged.
"That's funny." and the young man-
Stepped up, blow into the hole, and lt
again worked, nicely.
"Why can't we do lt?" .>•.
"On, you forgot to put a penny In your
mouth first." . ¦ .
Is Done.
"WORKING" THE SLOT MACHINE
Cue Young Man Shows How Easy It
On Wednesday next the blessing of the
ashes will take place at the 6:30 mass.
They will be distributed after every mass
and in the evening after benediction.
Every day in Lent there will be an addi
tional mass at 9 o'clock and special de
votions every evening.
On TueiMlay morning the exposition will
be made, as on Monday. At 9 o'clock the
mass- of reposition will be celebrated.
After mass the bleased sacrament will be
carried in procession around the church,
as on Sunday. The litany of the taints
will be recited and solemn benediction will
close the forty hours' devotion, i
To-morrow the exposition will begin
after the 5:45 mass. At 9 o'clock the mass
"Pro Pace" will be celebrated. In the
evening at 7 there will be rosary, sermon
and eolemn benediction.
In the evening there will be solemn ves
pers, with the blessed sacrament axposed
on the altar. The sermon will be preached
by Father Forhan.
The- forty hours' devotion will begin at
the 10:30 mass to-day - in St. Ignatius
Church. After the solemn high mass the
blessed cacjament will be carried in pro
cession around the church. During the
procession the Ladies' Sodality choir will
alternate with the regular male choir of
the church in singing the "Pange lingua."
Forty Hours of Devotion to
Begin at the 10:30 O'clock
Mass This Morning.
SPECIAL SERVICES
AT ST. IGNATIUS
J. Burdlck, Mias Lura L. Burdick. Miss C.
Callum, J. Campbell, Joseph Campbell and
wife. A. Caro, AUss A Cd«man. Miss .1.
Cook. Mlsa K. Cook, C. N. Cotton ancl
wife.- W. A. Cowiey, Miss E. V. Crooker.
Mrs. W. C. Daniels and maid. P. R. Davis
and wife. Miss L. B. Davis. W. H. Davi».
George S. Dearborn; wife and two chii
dren.T. L. Decker, I\ J. Devlin, B. F. DiJ
lingham and wife, Mrs. AV. -A. Driscoll
and Infant, Miss M. Dver, G. L. Edwards,
wife and child, T. R. Falk and wife, H. P.
Faye, Mrs.#FoBter, Mrs. I/A.'Purman. W.
S. Goodfellow and wife, D. R. Green. H. K.
Hall and wife. \V. K. Hamyton and wlf».
G. W. Hind. A. Huer. \Y. Jamieson and
wife, Rev.tFather P. M. Juliotte. A. E.
Kaesar. L. K, Kent well. Mrs. H. L. Kerr.
P. F. Kohnke, A. E. Lacey. Roger Lan
ham E. .Layton, John Lloyd and wife, E.
C. M&cfarlane, ' Rev. A. Mackintosh and
wife. Miss Mackintosh. Miss McL. Man
chester, Miss M. G. Marsh. Captain- W.
Matson, wife and child. E. W. McCon
nell, L C. Miller and wife, Rome Miller,
"W. S. Miller and wife. Miss D. Mills. R.
S. Moore, W. J. Noad and wife. Miss. E
Noble. Mrs. I* H. Orme, Master Orme. M.
M. O'Shaughnessy,.C. G. Owen, E. D.
Pajre. G. H. Pecht. P. A. Perry. A. Raas,
George L. Reushllne. J. F. Riley. J. Kosen
berg.H. H. Scoval, A. Shireholtz. Daniel
Smiley, D. \V\ Stevens. T. H. Stewart. L..
F. Stone, Miss E. L.. Stowe, S. Sussman.
S. A. Teal, L. A. Thurston, wife and
child, George Tourny, J. W. Van Bergen.
George Warfield. W illlam Waterhouse. S.
A. Watson. 1+ E. Williams. Mis** Rosen
berg, Miss Stewart, A. W. Wilson and
wife,
Auckland— William Gilbert. C. A, Haw
kins. Lambton L. Mount.
Sydney— F. L. Alley and wife, R. F. D.
Barton, M1fs Carey. J. Coblne, L. F. Cock
roft. Miss E. Galvin, Mrs. W. D. K. Gib
son, Alexander Markell and wife. D. Scou
:ar. W. A. Scoular. John D. Spreckels,
Mies Grace Soreck^ls, T. K. Stubblns, J.
H. Wasner, Dr. William Warren.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— S. L.
Clarke. P. H. Gavm. J. H. Gourlie. wife
and maid, F. L. Grtnt and wife.
In th»s Future.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Heyneman and
Miss Heyneman hnve Issued cards for a
dinner to be given* at their residence, 2106
Pacific avenue. Wednesday evening, Feb
ruary 20. i
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Friedlander of 615
Taylor Btreet will" be pleased to see their
friends on their twenty-fifth wedding an
niversary. Sunday. February 24. at 1510
Buchanan street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Personals.
On Wednesday Miss Mae Sadler of Ala
meda was the guest of honor at a
luncheon party given at the Palace by
Lieutenant and Mrs. Martin, U. S. N.-
Miss Louise S. Wilson of this city has
accepted a position as" assistant to Pro
fessor Avery T. Searle, principal of tho
Coronada High School. Miss Wilson,
while at Berkeley University, received a
degree of bachelor of philosophy, and at
Stanford she was made master of arts.
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Hlnkel, after
a tour of eight months in Europe, are now
at home again and are stopping at Hotel
St Nicholas.
Melville'S. Toplitz left last week for
New York to reside there permanently.
Mrs. I. Levin of 1105 Laguna street has
resumed her day at home, the third
Thursday of each month.
Mrs. A. P.. C. Dohrmann will be at home
on the third Tuesday in February and the
•econd and third Tuesdays In March, at
her residence, 2206 Green street.
Mrs. J. Edel Ua» returned from an ex
tended visit East and is stopping at the
Baltimore Hotel.
Mrs. L. Thorn leaves to-day for a short
business trip to New Ycrk.
Mrs. B. W. Paulsen leaves on Friday
next for New York.
Mrs. 8. H. Friendly. Miss Friendly and
Miss Therese Friendly of Eugene. Ore.,
are at the Granada and will be at home
on Mondays.
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin W. Joy left Mon
day evening on the Sunset Limited for the
Mardi Gras and from there will go to
Havana for a short trip.
The police officers had much work pro
tecting the last immigrant arrivals from
the swarm of hotel and lodging house run
ners, and many of the strangers were
fairly bewildered by the importunities
hurled at them. . ...
The police officers and men on duty at
the ferry depot have done all In their
power to furnish the Immigrants with
whatever information they possess, but
if an "immigration bureau" were estab
lished at the depot and all immigrants mot
on arrival much good would be accom
plished.
In 1881 when the tide of immigration
to this State wan very large a bureau was
established, and much valuable informa
tion given to ths intending settlers In Cal
ifornia.
./The railroad companies which bring the
immigrants here claim that all responsi
bility ends when the Journey Is finished,
and the railroad officials are of the opin
ion that It. Is duty of the Btate or
various county officials to meet the new
comers on their arrival and see that they
are properly directed.
At the present time considerable litera
ture is being distributed in the East as to
the possibilities of California, and during
the next few months lt is expected that a
great number of immigrants will coma to
California.
In the last few days fifteen hundged im
migrants arrived in this city from-East
ern States and they have been allowed
to reach the end of their Journey with
out any person to meet them officially or
eee that they were forwarded to the
places they de3ired to go to after reaching
San Francisco. ¦
Intending Settlers Arrive in
Large Numbers and No
One Meets Them.
NEEEO A BUREAU
OF IMMIGRATION
Honolulu— Miss N. Ackerman, W. D.
Alexander, W. M. Alexander. Miss M C.
Alexander, J. G. Allen and wife,, G W.
Barnes and wife. N Y. Barnes, Mrs. J.
T. Barraclough, Miss Barraclqugh. C. E.
Bartlett.F. Belasco. H. K. Beldcn. C. Bell
stedt. Brother Bernard, Pierre Bertln. C.
H. Bigelow and wife, John A. Buck, L
The following passengers left on the
steamship Ventura, wluh sailed on Thurs
day, February 14:
Sailed Away.
Ion was led by J. B. Matthews and Miss
Laura Werner. Among those present
were: R. Schord. P. de Los, P. H. Young.
A. W. Maglnls. J. P. Mogenson. H. Aldu
nate. R. B. Bunker, W. E. Crowell. F.
Cellarius. J. C. Crooks. B. W. Gordon.
M. S. Game. B. Large. J. A. Ormond. W;
Simpson. J. A. Wheeler. C. M. Wells. T.
E. Young, L. D. Ream. J. McKinnle, R.
Gurney. T. Kendall. Miss Grace Hessel
tine, Miss Pearl Avis. Miss Rae Brown.
Miss Emily Seibl. Miss Georgia McPher
son. MJss Florence McCoy. Miss Viola
Klemeberg, Miss Edith Igoe. Misa Clara
Stolz, ML«s Grace Duncan, Miss Day, Miss
C. Sammy, Miss Avis. Miss Sullivan, Misa
Minnie Hepburn, Mias Mausshardt, Miss
Hattie Morris. Miss A. Murry. Miss Neva
Keatom, Mias Alice Bell. Miss Estella
Flower*. Miss Annabelle Flowers and
Miss O'Leary. ; ,,
The third monthly concert and bail
given by the First Regiment, N. G. C
Band took place at the armory. Page
and Gough streets, last Tuesday evening.
More than SOO couples took part in the
grand march, which was led by Lieuten
ant T. F. Guedet and Miss M. Sheldon,
assisted by Lieutenant Gabriel Stephen 1 .
Jr. and Miss T. Smith. The concert con
sisted of the following numbers: ilarcn,
"The Fighting Kansas"; selection, from
"Bohemian Girl"; descriptive. "The Roll
ing Drums"; cornet solo. "The Battle Cry
cf Freedom.' George W. Hollister;
waltzes. "The Silver Rhine."
The Hot Air Club gave a party Friday
evening, February 8, in nonor of Miss Be- i
atrice Stewart at her home. 2011 Buchanan
street. Amonsr the guests were: . Miss
Madge. Miss Myrtle Greene. Miss LiUan
Boyd, Miss Ada Cook. Miss Hildrith Tur
ner. Miss Cella Clariby. Miss Mae Clar
iby, Miss Dolly Jackson, Miss Lizzie John
son. L. Waters, H. A. Turner, S. Hart
nett. B. Ambler, H. O'Kell. E. Ferran, E.
Mallave. B. McGafferty. R. Ott and P.
Members and friends of Club Romltas
tendered a most enjoyable surprise party
to Miss Mae Snyder at her residence. 1512
"Webater street, last Wednesday evening".
After meeting at a given rendezvous, tha
Jolly party of merrymakers, proceeded In
a body to the residenco of the recipient,
and succeeded in taking Miss Snyder com*
pletely by surprise. Dancing and*gamea
were indulged in. but music was the prin
cipal feature of the evening. A dainty
repast, which was served at midnight,
concluded the evening's pleasure. Invita
tions had been issued to the following:
Misses Cornelia Farrell, Daisy Braeg,
Mayme Eagles, Edna F. Farrell. Maymo
O'Brien. Kathryn Cummlngs, K»th»r
Betsie, Sadie CummlnffB, Jennie Fair
graves, Marion Mackev, Zole Haas. Min
nie Smith, Maud Smith, Emilie Auster
muhle, Gertrude Austermuhle. Nina Jean
Cook, Margaret Healy, •. Misses O'Brien,
Maud Dcpue Misses McDougall. Lillian
Eastwood, Misses Hall, Misses McCarthy,
Misses Marston, Miss Manning. Miss M.
Daggett, Miss Ullage, Adele Sammy, MlS3
Jones, Misses rt. and M. Tanner. Mia.
Cook, Mrs. G. C. Depue, Mrs. Charles Far
rell, Mrs. N. Craig, Mrs J. Haas; Messrs.
Fred Snyder, J. G. Jones, Elmer Westlake,
B. M. Jones, A. E. Schmulaln. H. A.
Frank. G. S. Whitely. C. W. Smith.
Frank Robb, Dr. M. E. Clarke. Clarence
I. Henning, George Springer, Louis
Springer. Leon H, Rewig. H. A. Goedj<»,
Dr. Arthur J. Knox, G. A. Hubbull, Ken
neth Matheson. Louis A. Colton, George
F. Burgess, Fred W. Burgess. F. K. Blue,-
L. Perkins Inch. H. Trask. A. G. Cooper.
Dr. G. W. Roache, H. C. Blake. Frank
Holland, George Ganey. V: E. Holland, D.
H. McNeil. A. R. Stevens. Frank O.
Broili. S. S. Purdy, Webster Jones,
James A. Cunningham.
The report from Washington that Pres
d<r.t McKinley had decided to call an extra
f-sslon of Congress was received with
deep gloom around the railroad offices and
hotels yesterday. It Is thought that the
contemplated vi*it of the President to the
Pacific Coast will now be abandoned, ow
ing to the pressure of official business,
nnd if this should prove true it means a
great law to those who have already
made extensive preparations for th© re
ception cf the Presidential party.
Thf Palace Hotel management has gone
to grf-at '•¦xp^nfe buying new furniture
end in other ways fixing up one of the
best suites of apartments in the house In
magnificent style not excelled by any ho
tel In America. Other hotel managers had
a'.so made elah'-rate preparations to care
for the expected Influx of visitors during
th» Presidential visit
The members of the Ohio Society will
also be greatly disappointed" should the
President fail to rome to CaJifornia th!a
faring. The natives of the Buckeye State
had arranged an elaborate programme for
the entertainment of President McKln
ley. Amons other features of the great
event it was decided to have the Presi
dent attend the launching of the battle-
Khip Ohio that is to take place in May.
An agrorment has been arranged by all
the railroad companies to run ha If -rale
fxcurFions from the East to this city.
An amusing business etroke has been
achieved by a iocal novelty firm. During
the construction cf the battleship ; Ohio
a large amount of waste iron accumu
lated. This wus. dumped In a heap and
accounted as nearly worthless. A repre-
Ff ntative of a novelty firm went out to
the 1'nien Iron Works and bought tha
old iron for a a:ere cong. This Junk was
then cut into small pieces, mounted on
California redwood and sold for paper-'
weights throughout Ohio as souvenirs of
tn<» baulfshl;) that brara tho State's name.
Extra Session May Prevent
President's Visit to the
Pacific Coast.
Mc KINLEY'S TRIP
MAY BE GIVEN UP
They're Engaged. f
Mrs. TZ£a Morris announces the enrage,
xner.t cf her daughter. Miriam, to Arthur
Glass. They v.lll be at home the after
roon. and evening of Sunday, February 24,
at E2S Kills street.
Mr. ar.<i Mrs. F. Kagemana announce
the ergaeemer.t of their niece. Miss Meta
Lime, to Loui^ Rapp.
The crigagemer.t is announced of illss
Far.r.ie Marks to Abe Isaacs.
Th» «r.gaFP!n<nt of Mies Lillian Rczen
r«e!g to Marcus J. Netter. both of this
c'.ty. is announced. At home Mondays,
Hot*] Baltimore.
The cr.garcrcont is announced of Misi
Carrie Frar.k and Leon Morgan of New
Whatcom, Wash. At home Tuesday, Feb
ruary 19, At 13i3 Pine street.
The engagement receptien of Miss Lena
Altmar.n and Robert Kirschner will be
held this Eundmv. February 17, from 2 to 5
o'clock at 1<j2S gutter street. •
The marriage of M!ss Florence Lowea
rw>rg to Ixron Jacobs will take place this
Busday. February 17. Owing to a recent
death the members of the family only will
\jft present. • •
The tngag^ment Is announced of Miss
Jcr.r.ie Joseph, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
A. F. Joseph. CS Octavia etreet, to Bey
raour B. Goodman cf New York.
Home Gatherings.
Mr. acd Mrs. E. O. Rieser gave a din
rer at their home on Tuesday, February
13. The guests cf honor were the Hon. S.
C. ScJauyler and wife of New York City.
Covers were laid for fourteen.
A very pleasant birthday party was
pjven to iliss Agnes Dosovaa Wednesday
«-\-*rEir.R. February C. at the residence cf ,
her parents. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Donovan, i
30 Elliott Park. The house was tastefully
decorated in pir.k and white. The even
ing was pleasantly epent in. games and
danclcg. after which an elaborate aupper
¦wii? s'-rv*-d. Those present were: Mr. and !
Mrs. J. J. Donovan. Mr. and Mrs. Frank j
McCarty. Mr. end Mrs. Frank Moore. Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Moore. Mrs. O. Schultz,
Mrs. A. St«"in. Mrs. 8. Walsh. Miss Lillle
Mitchell. MIrs Belle Jansen. Miss Kitty
Jaris<n. MJss Alice O'Hea, Miss Ella
«»'I>eary, Miss Mary Roddy, Miss Grace
Walsh. Miss Nrllie Whelan, Mies Lizzie
LagomarFino. ille.% Madeline Lagomar
rino. Miss HcmteCta Gunther, Miss Bertie
B'.ake. Miss Maybelle Slevers. Miss Esther
Donovan Miss Agnes Donovan. Joseph
The!**n, Theodore Elhen, Joseph Rowen,
Milton Very. Ralph Melbourne, John Rod
dy. Chester Smith. Arthur Prouty. Joseph
Mulvihill. Mr. Kehoe. Albert Schultz. Pete
Fmlth. William Pitt. William Bayreise.
Walter Mc<;arty. Tom Higgins. Clement
Iiagr-all, Eugene Walsh, Ed Cassin.
ij"ortr« Donovan, Willie Donovan and
John O'Leary-
A \iolet surprise party was tendered
Miss Sadie Hicks at her residence, 421 Noe
F:r<»et, Saturday fvenir.g. by the l'Aigion
Club. Tlie following programme was pre
f-f-nted: Piano »el«»rtlon, Lennie McAvoy;
rr-citatlon. "Th<? Irish Wit," Frank Skully;
vocal foIo. "Madeline." Miss Bessie Hicks;
>^~— —^7 HE last week of the Fodal eet-
eon ha* been a merry one.
fl I TJ.ere have be*n dances . and
IV \j functions with any number cf
\^-*y engagement announcements to
vary the tuund of formal en
tertainments. On ¦ Monday
«ver>!ng the b'.g progressive wlilst atid
euchre party at the Palace Hotel for tha
tx.-r.e2t of the California Club promises to
bp a brilliant affair.
The preparations for the Mardi Graa
ball at Hopkins Art Institute on Tuesday
everJrg are rajidly rearing completion.
An <:.t!re different sclieni* of decoration
Than ti.at which h£.s characterized the
preceiiinc affairs will be used, and thosa
in charge promise a scene that wiU b*
beautiful beyond the wiliest powers of
imaglr.ztlon. AH society has already ar
rar.gcd to attcr.d, ar.d altogether the affair
w!:: b« a fitting close f-^r a season that has
been core than usually brilliant.
Club Parties.
The third assembly of Les Bons Amis
Club took place in the maple room of the
Palace Hotel on February 1*. The cotil-
On the 12th lnst. Miss Gertrude M. Gal
lagher was the hostess at an extremely
pleasant affair given at her home. 209
Capp street. The parlors were beautiful
ly decorated with huckleberry, ferns and.
holly berries. After dancing, music and
games refreshments were aerved. Among
those present were: Mrs. A. Gallagher,
Miss Margaret Gallagher, Miss Henriette
Ja^obFe'n. Miss Annette Erlckson. Miss
Mlna Fredericks, Miss Marjorle Garrett.
Miss May Kldd. Miss Frances Pignaz,
Miss Mabel Hughes Miss Isabelle McDon
ald. Miss Anita Sprilrnan, Miss Elsie Ter
kelson. Miss May Lohsen. Miss Nona Fo
leg. Ed Gallagher, Dr. H. Lagan, Albert
Terkelson, Henry Fry. ¦ Edward Brown,
Fred Chase, Charles Gay. James O'Don
nell. Dr. Shock, Frank Burke, Will Dahl.
Roy Williams. Ross Mayne. Ed Tucker,
George Tucker, Tom Kearney Lawrence
Terkelson, Jamsle Terkelson, Ben Geary.
Dr. and Mrs. Julius Rosenstirn enter
tained Dr. Simon Flexner at dinner on
Thursday evening. Among those at table
were Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Osbourne, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Robert, H. U. Brandenstein,
Dr. David Starr Jordan and General W.
H. L. Barnes.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry G. W. DiakelBplel
bad as their guests up at Mount Tamal
pals on Friday Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Un
terraeyer, Edgar Untermeyer, Mlsa Beat
rice Lowenstein of New York City and
Mrs. II. E. Wood of Victor. Colo. The
latter, after spending a few days at Del
Monte, will go to Los Angeles and Coro
nado.
Mrs. J. A. Wilson of 1110 Lark!n street
gave a very delightful party Thursday
evening in honor of Dr. J. G. and Mrs.
Burke of Boston, who have located per
manently at 1401 Van Xess avenue. Those
present were: Dr. J. Q. and Mrs. Burke.
Dr. Marquis. Dr. Nat Coulson, Mr. and
Mr3. Albert Coleinan, Miss Moss Cole
man, Mr. and Mrs.- EX Clark, Jack Tay
lor. Mr. and Mrs. Kolligs. Mr. and Mrs.
Anson Hilton, Mr*. R. R. Roper, Miss
Maude Moulton, Miss Winter. Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Wilson. Misa Ruth Wilson and
Master Lloyd Wilson.
A pleasant surprise party traa ?endered
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Sheridan at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. EL W. Burns, 944 Hamp
shire street. Saturday. Februarys. The
rooms were beautifully decorated with
buntlngr and palms. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Sheridan. .Mr. and
Mrs. E. W. Bums, Mr. and Mrs.'W. Mi
bach. Mr. and Mrs. George Cu'-verwell.
the Miases Annie, Margaret. Mcillie and
Ruth Burns, Miss Millie Culverwell. Miss
Ethel Scarles. Thomas Sheridan, Andy
Burns. Michael Lilly. Todd Bizard and
Barnard J. Bristol. Vocal solos and duets
were rendered by Mrs. Burns. MJbs Mar
garet and Miss Moltle Burns. E. "W. Burns
and B. J. Bristol, Todd Blzard and Andy-
Burns. '
Hicks; piano selection. La CastlUlon
waltzes. Miss Marge Ackerman; red
tatlGn. "SSt I>own, Fritz," H. C Part
ridge; vocal eoIo, "Sweet Fleur de LU,"
Frank Everson; piano selection, "Neck
and Neck Galop. Fannie C. Patterson;
vocal solo. "Rocked in the Cradle of the
Defp," K. M. Wilson; reclta.tion. "The
TwentJe'th Century I>ardy Dah," Charles
Clarke. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Hicks, Mr. and Mrs. Victor Etienne,
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Wilson. Mrs. Moran.
Miss Bessie Hicks, illss SadJe Illcks. .MJss
Ma.ria Hicks. Miss Fanny C. Patterson,
Miss Marie Ackerman, Miss Alyce L. Fa
gan, Miss Lizzie Dever, Misa Olg;a Cletn
mens. Miss Aggie Mcverry. Miss Katie
Ahf^ni. MIfs Acnes Norton, Mlsa Mae
Norton. Miss Fanny Guinnane. MIbs
M&r^uerlte Ciulnnane, t Miss ICatle Mur
phy, Mi*a Rose Morrison, Miss Leonie
Katharine, Miss Anita Parker. Harry
Hicks, Will Hicks. Will Fitzgerald. J.
V. Kennedy, Jeff Ropers. H. J. Downle,
F. Eurk©. Lennle McAvoj-, Frank Ever
son. Alfred SchaoSTer. W. TV. Smith, W.
Hcrrick. Joseph Gaughan, H. Tletjen, H.
C. Partridge, Dan Aheara, Joe Mibach,
Epicene Katharine, Charles W. Clark©
and A. O. Therlen.
violin sc» i ct5on, "Remember M<»," Will
IN SOCIETY CIRCLES
THE SAN FRAKGISCQ CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 1*1, 1901.
26
, BAILWAY TBAVEX.
•Ol'TIKR!! I>ACIVIO COXPAIT.
- (r»ciric iTsTiM.)
Trmlmm !••«• »o.l »ri> 4a* te> arrlv* •«
has ritA.*«t:iM€u.
>* (Vain line. Foot of Market Street)
tMATB — . FKOK JlIVUT L 1901. — iUIll
7:80a Benida. Snlsan, Elmlra, V*:atUle,
Ramsey and staeramento 7it%»
TtSOA Davis, Woodland. Knighu Laadinc.
MaiTa»Hle. Oro»Bl«_ 7s 13?
T:S0i Atlaatio Kipreas— Ogden and Eaat lS>13f
•:<H>A MittiuM. &»uH*:ihiu, Vi'JfjU.Nisa.
CallsU-ga aad Haat* Rosa flilSr
SiOO&KDas. Ltrenaoiraj Tracy, Lathrop,
Stockton TilSr
•:SOa Shasta f ipreas— Davis, WUUams (tot
Bartlett SprisgsX WUiovs. Bed
Blufi, Portland... lUir
• ¦IO4 Ban Jose, lifermoie. Htoeklou, A
lone, Haaramonto, Pl»cri»lll9,
M*r*»Ti:ie. Chioo. Ke.l ItluS 4ilT-
¦ :3f>» Oakilal?, Chinese, bonorx Careen... 4il.1p
•;OOt HaywarUs. Niks and Way gtations. 11*13*
•>OO« Los Angeles Express — MarUnes.
« Tiaoy. Lalhrop. rttoeiiton, Mneed
Tietao and Lcs Angola* 7sl.Tr
»::te>A. V»li-)o. Maitiuez aud Way Stations Brt3r
IOiOOa The O*erland Limited— Oglea, Dan-
»ar, Omaha, Chicago •i43y
11:00a KUcs. Stockton. Haoramento, Man-
dot*. Fresno. HtufurJ. VUilla,
l'orww»i:i«.... 4>l3f
IIiOOa LlTtnaorc. Sacser. Goehen Jon*
tlon. BiXersSiM, Loe Angeles
{liOOr Sacram^uto Klter St*«ui«iii *,'>•**,
St*«p IIa}«arda, Nilta aud Way Station*. Si43 r
4:«i>r Uaitiaex, Hau Itamou. V»i:*Ju,
Mi.'>V *J»H«ti.i>». -imiti\ ltos» ViISa
«i«»r Denlcta, Winters. Hactanienta^
Woixllaiid, KnlvhU liAOdlog.
UarrsTllIe. OiOTille ISilS*
4i3nr Htyvards. M1 M an.l San Jo*« tS't-tU
BtOOr Nilea. livermore. Stoektoo. Lodl ... !•« 43 v
«>:ooj> Huoaet limitad. fa Paao, Ksw
Orleans aad East «IOil3*
SiOOrThe Owl LlmlUd— Tracy. Fzesao.
BakersSeld. tJaiiyis (or Hint* Bit-
bara. Los Aii2«J«*. Itil3*
3:0*r New Orleac* Eipress— nakersdald,
S«.i» » lUrb.r.. i.im An««lea. Dwn-
Inj. El Paso. New Usleaas and ¦
East TU.1*
B:OOf H*» ward*. Nile* and Saa Jaie • 7«4'1*
f«iO«r Vallajn llfti*
OiO«r Oriental >UU-O«I«n. Chejeane,
Omaha. Cbic»C3 13:13*
8:0 Or Orieutal M*:t— Otfdeo. IVntor.
; '• Omaha, Cbioaso... «il»jr
T«e«f Orcioit *Ji'l CaliroruU Kipr«M.Sao>
> nninntu. Mariaiille. KwMinjt,
l - .>it!.nil. P»g«i atcuiitl k«<1 Ka«» l(49a
liUr8*s F«bk>. Po»» Co»u, Uartiaea
and Way SUUous...., *i ,', *
l«sO3r TaJlrln *V
COASf MfWWa (Sarroif <<s««ej.
(Foot of Unltet Street >
• •13* N«»»rk.C«iiU.r»«lte.8aj Jn* v » l ,^°-
Bo»:de»Cr«ili.«»»»»C»«««iidWa#
tail 3 r NewMk'.' CenleiVllYi'Sa'!.' Jc iia. N« w
AlmaJ«». lf«Jtoij. »<">»']«' *-«*«•
- fiaata C"ru* and rriuolpal "•»:,___
St»tio:i.i fl»i»e»a
«it** N«»arlr. H«o Jo«e, DoaGatoa "rto*.
. a9iS«r Hnntet* 1 Exwrston, Ban Jos» and
WtyStattons t«i»Qy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrmSil rHUCUM— r«»t «f B»ri»t Stri.t (Sli? t)—
t7:l» *:O» 11:00a.m. 1:00 1:00 IrlStun. '
From Oakland— Foot «r Broadway.— 1« tS nM
l»:Cfta.m. 13:00 t:0O 4:00p.m.
COAST l>l VISION (llroadlUaxe).
;¦. •.;.':'• QhlrJ »»d Townaei.il St».^
~t«<l»a Ocean >i«w. South «*n kr»oo4«.... 1tt»i»«»»
7i«04Sau Jo»e ami Way Stations (New
Ahnadou Wedne«d«|s ouli) >«»"*
#.••» Han Jote. Tres l'luoa. H»nt* Cnrs.
F aetfio «it.it9. I'aso Itublcs. »»>•
foils OVibiPW. 8u«f. Lompoo aud
Prtuahwl W»» .StaMmm * ••?»
l«il»* Ban J««so and Wai stations a,au»
I IiSUa 8au Joss au.l Way Stations ........ • l4tt »
t»«4»F San Vateo, Kedwoal. Menlo P««.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. S»n .»<!»«.
Trea Finos. 8»uta «,'rii«. Sallnaa, „
Monterey «Mt Paellte «ro»« "S.ir.i
t*i»«r Saa Jose and Way »"»>i ml \.7 -;,-••; i'til
H«1.1r San Jo.e ami- Principal Waf8la«oi» »^»*
13:00rSan Jow. Lot Gates sad Principal
«...P aaTS^SlPrl^-l*! W« HUUc£ -j:^:
•«3« > p8»aJ«aeaud Way ataUoua f ,.***
allil.^p San Jo«-»»J W»y Ht^ttpn* 1^2*.
t MoncUn. WedaestUjt. Wday*.
« Tueidays. Thurjdajs, amdajs.
o Situr iif only.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via SauuOito Ferry— Foot of Vukit St
lv. maw ««»•. an. ••-. **«¦¦.
r-«r:S:} WEEK DAYS ¦( .^^
4:00 r. m.) Stay orer nigh tat the lATiasI 10:35 a]*.
8^0 a. M.I .1 1:00 Pivx.
UiMA.M.t SU.NDATS . 4 . ;5p> ;J
tUA r.u.) ¦ I 5:55 K u.
Fare. S» Francisco to Summit aad Return, $1.40. 7
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., A Sausalito Ferrr.
THE WEEKLY CALL/
$1 pep Year*
EVERY WOMAN
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are remoTed b»
1>R. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Done-hoi
btildlnr. 1119 Market et.. cor. Taylor, room"
an. with the electric needl* without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p m.
Th* rreatest skin food and tUaue builder
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
if *** ""* fl "°-
• mootb. clear, whit* and P™"™ l ™^^»^™"
jou'.bful and cure* I'olica /terftSil^4j~v
Uek bijd Ecifma. It Is a fT-5&4nU>$Bm
liquij. Any cMra of th» ¦'JZ&nZyi^'&Bi
coii^iVtrncy of butter will *>^^M -f 4
ttlmuitle the srrowth of wSF-*-mft
J «ilr on the face, llraa- VtSS ~*f
rr.»n Tollrt Crram li ¦!»» "%'^St7
Lcar*.nte«l not to do so. *fiA <?&&!&
1-rlce Me. Ilrihrnan X*r/¥*tdNB->-
Tcoth Powder. He. All K^Z&^^SJ %
Crupelml* tnd at office uf VMStei i»~ fcC
t ": J."JJS" i S^- Si. "«• «•* •"»¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
No I
First-class Hotel i|
or Restaurant ;|
Can give either tha : \
elesanc8 cr the gustatory : \
satisfaction of tha I
SANTA FE DINING CARS I
They go to Chicago In : <
Limited i
[CHICAGO I
in LESS "><">
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At JO H. m.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-lVestern Line
~f~\OUVLE Draxeing-n^foni $Utping
I J Cars, Buffst, 1 mikinfr and LUrarv.
¦*-^ Cars, zcilh barfcr. Diking Cars—
mtah a li carit. Tiailv Tourist Car
Snvict' and Personally CottJucttd Ex-
cursions tvtry wetk from San Frandsco
at 6 p. m. Th$ htst of tttnihing.
n. Jt. HITCMtB
617 Market St. . General Agent Pacific Cbatt
Falac* Hotel SAX rSAJtCJSCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Seuiialiu F«rry.
Commencing September JO. 1500.
FROM SAN* FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
ANP SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, *»:13. 11:CO a. m.. 1:45,
3:15. 4 :C0. D:15. ««il5. 6:40 p. m.
', EXTRA TRIPS-Kor Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
day* at »:0O and 11:32 p. ra.
: SVN DAYS- •*:<». *10:00. 11:30 a. m.. »1:15.
Z:tt. •*:*». «:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5.-J0. •6:30. 7:«. S:30 a.ia..
•11:30. 1:45. •»:»). 4:30. 5:M p. in.
EXTUA TPIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and It):*) p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :I0. *S:«). ¦ nO:eo. »ll:45 a, m.
•l:4d, *tA>. 4:45. *«:S0 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Qu»ntln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 8AN FnANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:45. *:4i. 7:84. 8:» a. nv.
11:85. 2:10, 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. •
EXTRA TKIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
rnd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10::0 p. m.
SUNDAY6-S:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15. 1:30.
C:Cft, 1:4a p. m. ¦¦ *
• • THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. = in. week days — Caaadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Total's and way
etationn. .
¦ 8HV3 a. m. ¦ Sundays— Tojnalea and way
stations. '
A*T"^V^v *-. \m4 A V L OTHER
SUBSTITUTES
&^^Tf|| for lard or
wWi ' BUTTER F0R
M^^i I COOKING
fi^M^lj I HAVE'' FAILED
ifllllllfj BECAUSE OF
THE ODOR
'¦ AND TASTE
2^231' given the
ife^nfoelumdwi food in
•^r-^^>»-qp| WHICH THEY
_^ni, , v m, ijglj ARE USED.
M v>^^ls@^Mt^j^^~ >^
¦ 'w ?° "? ""?" OT " r 'O* 111 ""« o»»r aala o n tit th« ¦
¦ i!T . p hM *¥™ lt * »PP«*taln« worL ' It remain. ¦
¦ iweet, pnro tna clean U Um UU and iImi not ex- I
¦ ch»nf«lh«fl»rorptihonrU>»»<podieookciHalt. 1
• ** imcrcsico ana Enouia know
j^S^^^K. about the wonderful
i^^^v\\ MARVn whirling
aWW fer $ ¦^i'.\\ Th ? newVitlnal Syrlare.
V ( ' <Si V',V KL* .' * 1 Injection and Suction.
V V <SS *iX" J Best— Safest— Most Con-
SfvTV v^i-f*^^^^ venienu It Cleanses
¦$^»j£^3 >^«i>^^ Inataaur.
A!Vyoardmfrj$»for!t. N?./fflL . ¦» irfTZs-^"
If hr mnnot n-ppif tha •\Jt7v '" / " > M'iio
tr^o->*. h'>ok-arjilfll. Itri.rtfin \% ff ">/JT
«.«le*#- 9f.tllVKI.ro.. "fMff;if*J¥ ¦
C03 Mlailon it. Eaa Frandsco. &%<£2r
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
y ,TP.^S!CgMl[-ll
SA!i FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ftrry, Foot of Market St
San Franciscn to San Rnfnei.
TIBURON FEKIiY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS-T:SW. 1:00, U;00 a. ra.: IMS, 1:M;
S:l0, 8:10 p. m. Thur«d«jr»— Extr* trip at U:M
P. ra. Baturdajra_K»tr* trlpi at 1:50 and
11:20 p. m. '
EITNDAYS-I:*, t:V>. U:00 a. m.; 1:». t:», l.-fi*.
*:20 p. m.
tian Rafasl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAY8-<:10, 7:50. 1:10, 11:19 a. m.: U:«,
1:40. i:t0 p. m. 6aturdar»— Extra trips at l:M
aad <:U ». no. - . .
ei:ndats-«:io. »:«a. u.io a. m.: i:io. !:?». 8:«f.
t:tS a rn.
Between Ban Franclaoo aad Schuttiea Park;
um« achedula as above.
i t*av« I Ia Effect I Arrlv*
Ean Francisco. | Nov. 7, 1S00. | San Franctsoo.
Week I Bun- I : I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Deetlnitlon. | days. | Days.
7:20 am t:Nim Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 aa
*:J0 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 1:05 ptn 10: JS am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. ?:3i pm (:U f>ra
Fulton, "
MOam Wlndsot. ll:Utn
i Healdaburc .
• ' ¦ Lytton.
Gey»errlH«,
1:10 pm I'M am Clorenlala. T:85 pm 6:M pm
7:*0am| '¦ 1 Hopland ¦ I l~ ~
| »:Qft am| and Vklah. | 7:18 pm| t:U pm
7;30 am 7 ~~' L 10:14 am
1:00 am GuemevlU*. 145 pm
l:St> pm . . i ' * (:Spm
7:S9am 1:00am Sonoma 8:15 am 8:44 am
. ' and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Olen Ellen. <:05pm *:U pm
7:80 ami 8:W arnj . 110:40 am|10:J5 am.
8:39 pm! B:OQ pmf Sebaatopol. | 7:83 pm| t:M pm
• Stacea connect at 8anta Rosa for Mark Weit
Eprinsa and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
lor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; «t
Geyeervllle for Ekaggt Springs; at Cloverdal*
(or- the Geysers; at Hopland for Dune* a
Spring's, - Highland Eprlngs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad eprinsa. Soda Bay. Laksport and Bartlet*.
Barings; at Uktah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Pell Lake. Witter
Eprlcga, . Upper Lake. Porao. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lleriey's. Bucknell'a,
Ganhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Weatport, Usai,
WtUetts. LaytonvUle. CummlnKi, Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ratea. . •
j On Sundays, round-trip tickets to alt points
i beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
I Ticket or<lce. (50 Market St., Chronicle baud-
l»«- H. X. RTAN,
B. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager. . ¦
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Dew*.
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local '
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 3:00 a 1:90 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced ..lt:*5p l:lTp l:lia
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:Q8 a
" VlsaUa .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
"¦ Tulare .. 4:87 p 4:27 p S:05« I
" Bkafleld . 0:60 p 8:29 p 7: JO a
. "'Kan. City 2:41 a 7:30a
"Chicago ......... >:K»P 0:00 p
• a for morning, p for afternoon. *
', 9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited '
Carrying Palace Sl«enlnn CSirs and rtintne
Cars throuKh to Chicago. Chair Car runs
'to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passenuers. Ko second clan
. tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
respondlnc train arrives at 5:35 p.m. dally
• 4:J6 p. m. Ip Stockton I»cal. Cnrrespond-
tn* train arrives at 11:06 n. m. daily.
• 8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, wl«»j
¦ throujrh Palac© nnd TourUt Sleeocru t^j
free Recllnlnj: Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts put at Fresno. • Cor- '
respondlnc train arrives »t K:5S p. m, daily
7:20 a. m. Is tJakenneld I^ocul etoprJn*
at all points In San Joaquin Valley..- Car*
reiqvinajnif trsln arrives at SHO a. m. daily I
. Offices'— C<1 Market street and In Ferry
' Depot. San Francisco: 1113 Broadway, Qak-
• land._^_^ ,— n^M^, ' ¦ ¦' • ¦
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY ANP 1 . WASHINGTON STa.— nB-
modrled and renovated, KINO, WARD 4
r-'CO. European plan. Rooms, soo to $1511 day
|5 to tl week: fS to 120 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: firs crates in ever*
.room; elevator runs all night. -._ ¦ ¦
I
I ssssssssssssssssss^ssBs^ssssssssssHsss^BaBBssssssBsBssBsBsBsss^s^sa^Bs^sB I
x/f^SEftE^xv MISS SAIDT WRITESJViRS. PIWKHAM A GRATEFUL LETTER.
/ffi^^^lpS^ "Dear 3 - Pinkham :— Will you kindly allow rao the pleasure of expr^sEuig
III W fgilu m 7 gratitude for tho wonderful relief I have experienced by taking Lydia E. Pink-
(1L WS£ *i§m JL Yarn's Vegetable Compound ? I suffered fcr a long time with nervous prostratioa
\ Vfl 'l^L lr(v and K 8061^ d « bili *y» caused by falling of the vomb. It seemed as thotigh my back
J) \ *5F * >v? would never cease acllin &- l could not al<wp. I had dull headaches. • I was weary
K4 J&to£L*SA *\ *? ] th ° tim ° and We WaS a bnrden to me - I sought tho seashore for relief, but all
(l f^ in vain - On m J return I resolved to give your medicine -~
advertisement, and there would be happier homes. jfiffl^P** * \ y^^^^^^^^^9»l I
I mean to do all I can for you in the future. I have l *^f¥^^"ii9i^^^^^P^ I
you alone to thank for my recovery, for which I am £
very grateful.''— Miss Emma Saidt, JobstowD, N. J. . *^t^^^-^^^^H^^^^^^l^^^S\|l
The homes of this country "are filled with women
whose trials seem too hard to bear. «^^^^^^^^^^ ' S^^Si-,3
They havo some feminine disorder and do not get "^^^K^^^X^ll 5^^^^g» I
Frequently it is not possible for the ordinary physician *|§»ggj||§l5l"rt S%f 1
to understand the fundamental cause of tho trouble. 3§stti£S£2fi|^y Kf|$ijij^\^| I
» The one person who is best qualified to advise sick wo- I^^IImI 1
men is Mrs. Pinkham, and she does it without charge.
Why then should any'woraan try to bear her burdens alone, or
trust to inexperienced hands the complicated question of her health ? w^SlffBw^ Fiji fl
Every one will agree that these are the strongest reasons why a \^u\^>R^I]|3fn t ip|
woman who is ill should appeal to a person who knows the most m
about the kind of illness with which she is afflicted — one who has had ip^fu^^Sdi rf I
the greatest experience in treating just such cases, and meeting jnst ilf
the symptoms that are manifest in her particular case. yiliF^^HiM^^
Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lyno, Mass., and all women are wfti^$Yv
invited to write freely to her of their troubles. Mrs. Pinkham's
great medicine for women is Lydia E. Pinkham's Yege- ' y//l//^^///^/il3
table Compound. Every illness or irregularity of tho m^^(^JjlJmj^^ll^^^j^
J female organs will be helped b.y this sterling medicine. It
has restored to health already more than a million women. //!E^if\%
MRS. MUELLER'S HAPPY LETTEk TO MRS. PINKHAM. J ' n 'rhtf^-^^ |
" Dear Mbs. Pctkham :— It affords me great pleasure to tell of the benefit I have derived §
. - from the use of your remedies. o I
pTZJfcliLja--^ j " I wa3 greatly troubled with my menstrual periods, was very weak and ner- I
JB£SM&MSgS8&ft vous, could not work at all. I have taken several bottles of Lydia K. Pinkham's 8
BaS^SS^aEMR Vegetable Compound, also used the Liver Pills and Sanative "Wash, and am a
fW&BK§ff^Y wonderfully improved in health. My neighbors are all surprised to see ma out 3
yCTBjggJBlF \ and doing my own work. ¦ i*
*MJ*f&> S "I would advise every sufferinfr woman to try Lydia E. Pinkham's remedies.** •
\ —MRS. Hen-ry Mueller, 543 McAlpine Ave., Clifton, Cincinnati, O. ' |
ADVERT! SE&EEITTS.San Francisco Lodge now haa 370 mem
bers, has elected ten" strangers and has
received ten applications for membership.
Judge Percy \ . Long has returned to act
ive work in this lodge. Forty-five mem
bers of this lodge attended the institution
of the new lodge in Santa Rosa by Frank
Gray, D. D. There were also representa
tives from Oakland. Stockton, Sacramen
to, San Jose, Los Angeles and • Salinaat
The degrees were conferred by members
of Vallejo Lodge in good style. The cere
monies were followed by a bahauet. of
which about 350 Elks partook.
Fifty of San Francisco's Elks will go to
Eureka to attend ihe institution cere
monies of a new lodge in that city.
Stockton Lodge* No; 21b, which has more
than thirty candidates on the list \ for in
itiation, has found It impossible to put the
Grand Exalted Ruler Fisher will' be In
this eily about the middle of March on his
way to Honolulu, where he will -Institute
a lodge. He will be accompanied on that
trip by Grand Esteemed Leading Knight
J. O. Reis. Past Exalted Ruler H. S.. Man
ning and Exalted Ruler T. F. Bonnet and
about forty Elk*.
In Elkdom.
Bonita Circle was visited last week
by Grand Sub-Chief Miss Alice Ti
coulet. Grand Treasurer Mrs. Kemp
Van Ee, Grand Trustees MrvH. Worms
and Mrs. Jennie Weisel; Gr«rnd Organist
Mrs. W. A. Donlon., Deputy .Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Davis. Mrs. M. A. Har
rington, P. G. C. C. anfea number of vis
itors*from other circles. The attendance
of. members was not very large; an ex
cuse being given that many.' were "down
with sickness."
Mizpah Circle gave a masquerade ball
in the Potrero Opera-house last week
which was well attended. There were a
number of unique costumes, and those
who took part or, went aa spectators had
an enjijyaple time* This circla'had an "at
home" last Tuesday night and'arrange
ments have been made for the pleasant
entertainment of all who shall attend. .
On Valentino's night - Lorely Circle gave
a party in the social hall of the Alcazar
building which was well attended and
proved a very delightful affair. Each per
son who entered the hall was presented
with a- pretty, fancy valentine. H. Nicoll
was the floor manager and he was assist
ed by F. Stahl. MIbs M. Pape. Miss Chris
tensen, Mesdames C. Mumck, Young-clous,
Kollman and J.'Elver.
Martha Washington Circle on last
Thursday night initiated nina candidates
ami then adjourned to an adjoining hall,
where the members und a number at
friends enjoyud a valentine party and a
social dance. I During the evening refresh
ments'were served.
Last week the grand sub-chief compan
ion paid an official visit to Diana Circle
in Pythian Castle. Sh9 was accompanied
by a number of the errand officers and a
very pleasant evening was- spent.
A new circle, called Queen of the River,
was instituted at Knights Landing last
Monday night by Mrs. Emma Agnes Har
rington, P. G. C. C, assisted by Grand
Trustee Mrs. Jennie Weisel and Mr. and
Mrs. Hackman and Mrs. Kullenberg of
Woodland Circle. Th© new circle starts
in with thirty-four charter members, and
the following named as officers: Mrs. M.
Graham. P. C. C.: Mrs. E. A. Allen, C. C;
Mrs. L. Bradshaw, S. C-; Miss A. Brad
shaw, F. S.: MJss Maud Allen, R. S.;
Mrs. L. Graham, R. G.; Mrs. Fannla
Wright, L. G.; Mrs. A. Shepard, I. G.;
Mrs. D. Shepard, O. G.; Mrs. F. Scott,
Mrs. B. Fish and Mrs. Delia MeGuff.
trustees; Dr. F. H. Dixon, physician. At
a banquet that followed the Institution
and installation, George Fish, one of the
members, was voted the Individual en
titled to take the bakery for his capacity
for cake. In explanation he stated that
he always brought his appetite with him,
and ho thought no man could ever get too
much of a' good thing. ,
At the meeting of RobJn Hood Circle
la^t wtek a eulogy was delivered on the
late Mrs. Louise Tlcoulet, treasurer of the
circle, who passed away in the latter part
of January. I A committee was appointed
to prepare suitable resolutions of respect
to her memory. ' •
Steps are being taken to form a new cir
cle of the order in the Western Addition,
to meet in Franklin . Hall on Fillmore
street. The consent of the several local
circles is being solicited..
Inter Nos Circle at Its meeting • last
Tuesday night had work in the degree of
initiation and that was followed by a
pleasant social hour. This circle gave a
domino party in the social hall of the.Al
cazar building on Saturday evening last.
American Forestic Companions.
Last Thursday night Court Golden West
celebrated its fifteenth anniversary by a
grand entertainment and ball in Golden
Gate Hall. The programme was an un
usually excellent, one and consisted of
llrst-class Instrumental and vocal num
bers contributed by Lakenback's Orches
tra, Mrs. Irene Scott, Nathan Landsberger,
Thomas Ryan, Little Irene Sugerman and
Mrs. F. H. Todd And L. Burrls. . Then
followed a well arranged programme of
dances. During the evening Past Grand
Chief Ranger J. Samuels delivered an in
teresting address. Joseph Meyers was the
floor manager and Felix Gross his as
sistant. They were ' assisted in the suc
cess of the affair by David Cohan, S. B.
Levy. D. A. Sullivan, C. K. Stern and
George J. Stockwitz.
Court Sutro Heights at its meeting held
last Monday night had "a rattling good
time for all". who attended. There was
an official visit by the grand officers, and
after the close of the business there was
a social time that has never been sur
passed In this very hospitable court. The
feature of the evening was story tejling
and the judges at the next meeting will
determine who shall be awarded a medal
for having told the best story. Th© mem
bers and visitors were treated to cigars,
refreshments and a collation.
Secretary Cordy and Jacob Label
of th« Forester Review have returned
from Chlco, where they made a. visit in
connection with arrangements for the ap
proaching session of the Grand Court,
while in. that city they visited Court
Butte and witnessed the initiation of
three candidates, after which they were
guests at a banquet.
and • Cusonovich. Past Chief Rangei
Tropp, as Mephisto, acted as auctioneer
and disposed of the packages to all who
wished to buy. The affair was well con
ducted. . - ••
Locomotive Tlngineers.
On the evening of the 11th inst. a valen
tine party was given in Mission . Opera
Hall by the Mrs. Lcland Stanford Divis
ion of the auxiliary to the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers, There was a good
attendance In the tastefully decorated hall
and the entertainment consisted of tho
distribution of pretty, sentimental valen
tines to all.'a vocal solo by Mrs. Frank
Cramer, Cakewalk by Miss Cooper, a reci
tation. "The Dandy Fifth," by Colonol
Walker Malloy, and a., programme of
twelve dances with two extras. The affair
was under the direction bf the foHowin/
named - committees: Reception — Mrs. F.
S. Bwwley, Mrs. -O. E. Alger. Mrs*. Frank
Simpson, Mrs. A. Konold: floor director,
George L. Reslng; assistant. J. W. Coffey;
floor committee— J. F. McCarthy, William.
Purinton, F. S. Bowley, J.. R. Hurd. A.
Konold, W. Brown: committee of ar
rangements — Mrs. George Reslng, Mrs. *».
E. Stewart, Mrs. B. BushneU. Mrs. J. H.
Warner. ' . '
The Foresters of America.
That enterprising and energetic court
Sutro Heights No. 136 at Its last held
meeting added four strangers to the roll
of membership by initiation and received
three applications, which were referred to
appropriate committees. <
On the night of the 26th Inst. Court De
fiance will give a grand invitation ball. •
Max Grimm of Stockton, "grand junior
woodward, and John S. McCoy of Hay
wards, grand Junior "beadle, attended th«
executive council session last Tuesday
night At that meeting only routine busi
ness was transacted, except to grant
Court Presidio the right to make an ap
peal on behalf «.f the widow of a deceased
Forester, in whose behalf a benefit enter
tainment is to be got up.
Court San Francisco has arranged for a
social to be given in the Alcazar building
on the night of the 21st Inst. .
Hereafter Court Independence will meet
every first and third Monday, instead of
every Monday, is In the past.
The 6emJ-annual pound package party
of Court, Seal. Rock on the night of tha
7th inst. was well attended and was a
great ¦ success. During- the evening Past
Chief Ranger Charles M. Troppmann, M.
D., was in -behalf of the court presented
by District Deputy A. G. Glover a past
chief's badge and framed certificate, after
which Grand Chief Ranger Hugo K. Asher
presented him. in behalf of the members
as a token of. their appreciation, a? fine
toned music bo*. . Between dances there
was a dramatic readings by Edward Bur
rows and a vocal duet by Messrs. Roberts
to be given on the night of the 19th inst
la Native Sons' Hall. This event j prom
ises to be one of the events of the winter
season. The ladies of Orinda Parlor, N.
D. G. W., will assist by their presence. >
Grand Trustee Percy V. Long will make
visits as follows: Madera, February IS;
Merced, 19th; Visalla, 21st; Dixon, 26th,
and Suisun, March 5.
Grand President R. C. Rust will visit
Fresno on the Slsfinst.
Grand Trustee McLaughlin visited Santa
Lucia on the Id inst.. Fremont Parlor on
the 5th and on the 12th he visited Seaside
Parlor.
Grand Trustee Gallagher visited Mount
Tamalpais Parlor on the 11th Inst., Stan
ford on the 12th, Nicaslo'on the 13th and
will visit Alcalde on the 27th.
Grand Trustee Knowland visited Auburn
Parlor on the' 14th Inst
Stanford Parlor No. 76. th© elite parlor
of. the city, will give its fifteenth anniver
sary party In Native Sons' Hall on the
night of the 21st inst. The affair, like pre
vious functions of this character, ts
strictly invitational.
The eleventh annual ball given last
Thursday night by Alcalde Parlor In the
Native Sons' building was a most enjoy
able affair and was attended by a large
number of Native Sons and Daughters.
The decorations were Japanese, and In
addition to being unique were charming.
James A. Devoto was the floor manager
and M. J. O'Donnell his assistant. The
committee of arrangements was composed
of H. O. Rogers. F. Habermacher. W. J.
Cove. H. S. Silverthorn.' William Fenster
macher. George Alferitz. D. G. Antono
vich, C. C. Pendergast and James Des
mond.
Native Daughters.
On the evening of the 8th Inst. Buena
Ventura Parlor of Ventura held a special
meeting for the purpose of receiving
Grand President Mrs. Ema Gett on her
official visit. The ritualistic and floor
work was exemplified by the officers and
called forth great praise from the grand
officer. After the meeting the grand pres
ident was entertained at a chafing dish
supper, the daintily decorated tables be
ing set in the parlor's meeting hall, which
was artistically draped with red crape pa
per. The effect was particularly pretty
and pleasing to the eye and there was an
air of coziness that has never been ex
celled in a parlor. The chafing dishes
were presided over by Mrs. Ida K. Spear,
Mrs. Edith Arneil, Mrs. Marget TDay.
Miss Blanche Charlebois and Miss Maude
McGonigle. - During the evening the par*
lors president, Mrs. Alice McGregor, pre
sented to the visitor a souvenir of the oc
casion in the shape of a fine cut glass
dish. Among the visitors were Mrs. Tina
L. Kane, senior grand president; Miss
Daisy Longley of Santa Cruz Parlor, and
Miss Luna Barkla of .Lob Pimentos Par
lor. During her stay in Ventura Mrs. Gett
was the guest of Mrs. Cora Slfford, past
grand president.
On the 9th Inst. Mrs. Gett, grand presi
dent, visited Santa Barbara, where the
Native Sons are endeavoring to organize
a parlor of Native Daughters.
Los Pimentos Parlor of Santa Paula was
visited by the grand president on the
night of the 7th Inst. She spoke in words
of praise for the work done by this par
lar and Its officers and encouraged them
to continue in the good work. The dis
tinguished visitor was well entertained by
this very hospitable parlor.
Darina Parlor had a very pleasant "at
home" in its hall last Monday night.
There was a good attendance and a pleas
ant evening was spent.
A new parlor called Haywards was in
stituted at Haywards last week by Past
Grand President Mrs. Mary E. Tillman.
. The visitors at the omce of the grand
secretary last week were: Emma Vor
rath. Piedmont No. 67; Mrs. Baily, Cala
veras No. 103: Minnie F. Dobbin, Sans
Souci No. W; Lily O. Relchling, Ursula
No. 1: Mary Meyers. Alta No. t; Flor
ence Tarr, Amapola No. 80; Mrs.
Wallis, Eltapome No. 55. Weaverville;
Emma Gruber Foley, Orlnda No". 56; Mary
Desrosia, La Vespera No. IIS; Rosa Mai
ler, Las Lomas No. 72; Sara Osterman,
Sans Soud No. 96; Anna Jansen, Amapola
No. 80. Sutter Creek; Belle W. Conrad. P.
G. P.. Dardanelle . No. 66, Sonora; Lucie
Hammersmith, Darina No. 114; Edith
Brown, Darina No. 114, and Mary E. Till
man, Minerva No. 2.
Fraternal Eagles.
San Francisco and Golden Gat« Aeries
are making arrangements for the enter
tainment of the Grand Aerie, which Is to
meet in this city on the 14th of May.
There are now 11$ aeries In existence,
and from reports received by the grand
secretary, fifteen more will be instituted
before the close of next month.
The new charters that are being sent
out by the grand worthy president are
works of art.
On the 19th inst. San Francisco Aerie
will celebrate its second anniversary by
a theater party at the TivolL [ The pro
ceedi will be for a fund to entertain the
representatives to the Grand Aerie.
The officers of Vallejo Aerie were in
stalled last week by J. F. Cheetham, 8.
D. G. W. P., assisted, by Walter Mocre,
president of Los Angeles . Aexie, "the
baby" of the order, and Gus Pohlmann.
There were present seventy-six members;
and this number was Increased by the in
itiation of eleven strangers, who at the
previous meeting had* been elected. The
ceremonies were followed by a sumptuous
supper.
Under the direction of . H. J. Edwards,
D: D. G. W. M.. the following named were
installed last week as the officers of San
Jose Aerie: Henry Wanzer, P.: W. S.
Ren f row, V. P.; William Corkery, 8.; D.
W. Reardon, T.; F. R. Bishop. C; Dan
Smith, I. G.; Harvey Kelley. Al Smith and
Frank Maubry. trustees; Alne von Ben
denleben. organist. During the evening
Past President T. C. Hogan was presented
with a handsome diamond studded badge
and Fred Herrold, the former secretary,
was the recipient of a like token of es
teem. Benjamin's Band, the members be
ing- Eagles, contributed several instru
mental selections. There was also a ban
quet with covers for 125, and there was
not an unoccupied chair-
Stockton, Sacramento and Bakersneld
aeries report continuous work in the in
itiatory degree, and the one in Sacra
mento Is visited every meeting night by
some of the many solons assembled there.
bers and friends, who, durln/r th* early
part of the evening, were treated to an
entertainment consisting of vocal selec
tions by Miss Kittle Calderon, Arthur Mo-
Phee, Mis* von Selberllch and Leon Glr
ard: violin selections by Miss Splnk. and
piano selections by Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ke.
Jims was followed by a programme of
dances and then followed the snowball
ing, the snowballs being in tha nature of
cascaronea. The function was under the
direction bf Miss Margaret Raleigh, Mrs.
S. Smith and M. Mason.
The Druids.
¦At the last held meeting of Hartnagls
S. A. Chapter two Druids had the sub
lime degree conferred upon them and one
was reinstated.- Two applications were
presented and referred to a committee.
At tha next meeting several Druids will
receive the degree, six having been elect
ed. , This chapter has taken on a boom
and the membership now reaches nearly
one hundred.
The grand officers will visit Aurora
Grove en the 12th of March, and a com
mittee is making arrangements to receive
them in a style commensurate with their
station in the order. The grove will have
liftcen candidates to initiate on that night.
Olympia Grove at Its la^t held meeting
received two strangers by Initiation. On
the 3d of March the grove will go into the
lorest, when the chief Druid will, as in
the days of the Druids of thousands of
years ago, go through the ceremony of
cutting the cacred mistletoe with a knife
of gold and take it to the grove, where it
will be displayed with all the old time
ritualistic coreraony.
A. Pozzl and B. Passalacqua, past
arches of Verdi Giuseppl Grove of
Healdsburg. were in this city last week
visiting local groves.
Fraternity drove of Stockton is con
tinually Initiating strangers. Judge Cald
well is the master of ceremonies. G. L.
Webber, a member of the Legislature, is a
member of the grove. Concordla, Grove
of the same city is 'also wide awake, it
having initiated eight candidates at the
last Jield meeting. It has ordered para
phernalia to confer the second degree, and
a team of twenty has been organized to
do the work. The team will do its first
work in about a month.
Mistletoe Clrclo of Modesto will have
nve candidates to Initiate on the night of
the official visit by the grand arch druid
css. Mrs. Anna Sorenson, the energetic
secretary of the circle, is the first who in
the United States has nlled the omce of
lirst grand bard of a Grand Circle.
Petaluma Circle at its last held meeting
initiated threa strangers and received five
applications.
Young Men's Institute,
Cathedral Council gave a pleasing so
cial function in the Native Sons' Hall last
Friday night.
Pioneer Council will have an "at horn*"
In the Pioneer building oa Tuesday evea
ing next.
Strossmeyer had a party in the Austrian
Hall last evening which wa» well at
tended.
On Young Men's Institute day at the
Metropolitan Temple President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of Califor
nia will deliver an address on "The Young
Man's Duty to the State."
It has been decided that the next Grand
Council shall be held in this city on Au
gust Id.
Ancient Order of United Workmen.
L. Melnlnger, financier of Court Wash
ington, has a most remarkable record In
the order. In the early part of last month
he was Installed for the forty-second con
secutive term and during the twenty-one
years that he has been in office he has
never missed a meeting of the lodge.
Last Monday night the San Francisco
extension committee paid a fraternal
visit to Washington Lodge, was well
: received and after the lodge, meeting, the
committee held a session for the purpose
of devising a plan to entertain the repre
sentatives to the Grand Lodge in April
next. The eub-committee was granted
further time to submit a plan. This was
done at a meeting held in the hall of San
Francisco Lodge on last Wednesday. The
plan offered was adopted by the commit
tee and it was decided to submit the same
to the local lodges for approval or re
jection.
Unity Lodge has elected the following
named as Its representatives to the Grand
Ledge: J. N. Block, Dr. H. Grlmshaw, E.
Lewton. M. Levy, J. D. Martin, William
Tuggy and H. J. Trowbridge.
On last Wednesday night at a meeting
of Forget Me Not Lodge of the Degree of
Honor there was a social hour, when
music, songs and recitations were in or
der. This was followed by the preeenta
tion of a beautiful go-Id emblematic* pin to
Mrs. C. T. Spencer, past chief of honor,
the presentation on behalf of the lodge
being by F. Rothgangex. There was also
dancing.
On last Thursday night there was a
large attendance of members of the order
in the hall of Golden Gate Lodge to wit
ness the presentation to that subordinate;
by Deputy Grand Master Danforth on
behalf of the Past Masters' Association,
of a past masters' gold badge, the same
having been awarded to It for the largest
and most continuous attendance at the
meetings of the association. The badge
was then in turn presented to District
Deputy Grand Master Workman Martin
Glennon in recognition of his many ser
vices to the lodge, x There were a num
ber of congratulatory addresses and a
collation.
Eureka Valley Lodge has elected John
T. Kidd as renresentative to the Grand
Lodge. The same evening It conferred the
junior workman degree on one candidate.
There was a large attendance at the A.
O. U. W. entertainment given in Sacra
mento on the 13th Inst. fully a thousand
persons being present. There was a good
programme and an address on "Work
manship" by Special Deputy R. F. Wells.
A grand ball followed the programme. In
the past month that Special Deputy Wells
has been in Sacramento he has had seven
ty-five candidates examined for th« two
lodges In that city.
San Francisco Lodge has elected
Thomas Johnstone. George Mosbacher
and S. Gooday to represent It in the Grand
Lodge.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Tha musical and literary entertainment
that was given by Yosemite Tribe of the
Improved Order of Red Men In tha Post-
Etreet Wigwam in the last week in
January was a very enjoyable affair, the
programme being presented to as 'many as
could crowd Into the council hall. Aft«r
an address of welcome by W. Goldman,
chairman of the evening, there was an
overture by Barneu's Orchestra and then
followed a dozen numbers contributed by
Master Kallsh. Hans Kohler.' F. M.
fcmith. Miss E. Johnson. Miriam Sydney
hmith, B. Barnett, Professor Kohler, Misa
Kalish, Miss Underwood, Miss Elsie Que
dena and Louis Leffraan, the last two
named appearing in a farce entitled. "A
Visit to the Asylum." The next social
event by this tribe will be a vaudeville
show under the supervision -of G. H
Stein, Dr. J. J. Keefe and Dr. 8. J. Gard
ner.
Oneida Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas was visited by Great Pocahontas
Mrs. Jennie Weisel and other great chiefs
on the night of the 24th of January. After
the business of the evening the visitors
were the guests of the council at a feast
that was prepared In the banquet hall,
where the tables were tastefully deco
rated with ferns and flowers and loaded
down with choice viands, having been ar
ranged by George H. Stein, Mrs. Ansbro,
Miss C. Johnson, Mrs. J. M. Goodall and
Mrs. K. A. Adams, the entertainment
committee.
Cherokee Tribe paid a visit to Bald
Eagle Tribe on the night of the 6th and
its degree team conferred the adoption de
gree on several palefaces who were m
waiting. During the evening Past Sa
chem Thomas Roche was. on behalf t.f
Cherokee Tribe, presented with a beauti
ful emblematic gold watch charm in
recognition of services for having drilled
the team of the tribe to perfection.
On the last Saturday ir. January Bald
Eagle Tribe presented Past Sachem Leon
Enemark an elegant badge in recognition
of many services rendered to the tribe.
Past Great Sachem George W. Collins
and Great Keeper of Records Porter L.
BIIes visited XJklah and there Instituted a
new tribe of the order. Tha same evening
Great Sachem F. D. Brandon, accompan
ied hy a number of prominent Red Men
of this city, visited HealSsburg, where
they dedicated a new wigwam for : the
tribe recently instituted there.
Altahmos Tribe will give an entertain
ment and dance in Golden Gate Hall on
the niclu of the 21st inst. A feature will
be mandolin selections by Valentine Aft.
Invitations have been issued for the six
teenth anniversary ball of El Dorado Par
lor of the Native Sons of tha Golden West
Native Sons' Parlors.
fZ-^sj AST Wednesday night nearly [
N^p^| j two hundred members of the i
¦ red fez fraternity attended \
IN i the session cf Islam Temple of
y£Zl~~y Ancient Arabic Order of
* — the Xobles of the Mystlo j
Ehrine for the purpose of wlt
r.«'Es!r.g fourteen novitiates cross the red
hot sards of the desert in their search
tat thf Oriental truths, that they were
informed ¦would be Imparted to them by
Potent ite Joseph C. Campbell. The cere
rr.ony *as grand and after the long Jour
ney tie tired pilgrims were made quests
of hc-or at a delicious supper served In
the lower banquet hall. When that was
dlspc^ed of there was an entertainment
extraordinary, consisting of the follow
ing lumbers under the direction of the
poteitate: Overture, orchestra; address,
"The Nineteenth Century/' Frank Mc-
Gowxn; solo. "Asleep on the Deep"
<I-*c-;rie). Noble Charles L. Gage, assisted
by ihrine choir; paper. "The Woman of
the Nineteenth Oatury." Clarence M.
¦exaSthi quartet, "The Shrine's Band"
(M ndayi. Ehrine choir; address. "The
M*a or'th? Nineteenth Century," Samuel
M. Shortrldse: song. "Drinking Song"
£rm the "School for Scandal," Ehrine
choir; reclta'.'.-.r. "The Soldier's Plea,"
G-orge W. Witrman.
Lou B. Windsor, the imperial potentate
o- the order ii the United Slates, will be
it this city on March 4 and during his
e ay wSi; visit Islam Temple.
La5t Thursday night Godfrey d« SL
f mar OotmcU No. 1 Knights of Kadosh. i
.v. A- Scottish Rite, conferred the tbir- j
:5eth or knight cf the white and black
<-&g!e decree on a class of eligibles and on
Thursday evening next the thirty-second
or sublime princs of the- royal secret de
gree will be conferred on a class of
seventy Jr. the Commanderv Hall of the
Masonic Temple,
The Eastern Star.
On the. night of the rsth lust, the offi
cers of Olive Branca Chapter will be
called upon to Initiate eight strangers
¦who havd been elected to memberehlj>.
At the last meeting several candidate
ware initiated in & v^ry satisfactory man
r.er. Great credit is 6u* to Mrs. Ros« Pl3
tolesl, the worthy matron, for the ab!o
manlier in which her pfneert discharged
their several duties.
The las: meeting of Mission Chapter
was wen attended, there being among the
cr.« hundrei and forty present visitors
from all the local chapters, including Mr*.
Terwililger of Goider. Gate Chapter, John
and Mrs. Tcnr.ingsen of California Chap
ter, Mrs. Woods of King Solomon Chan
ter, all silting presiding officers; Mrs.
BonzuSeld. past matron of Ivy Chapter,
and representatives of charters in San.
l.v.s Obispo. Santa Rosa, Coif ax. Sonoma.
Oakland and the State of Washington. It
was expected that there would be
work, but owing to unavoidable circum
stances it had to be postponed. After the
close of routine business there was an ex
cellent banquet and a pleasurable hgur,
James A. Wilson, the wit of the Mission.
as tcastm&ster. After a pleasant hour at
the supper table there was sieging, games
end dancing.
California Chapter at its last meeting
o'ected three candidates, received two pe
titions and initiated several candidates.
At the meeting of Harmony Lodg-e last
Thursday r.lght two petitions were re
ceived and six candidates were initiated In
the presence of a large number of mem
bers of the chapter and of the order. The
new members of the chapter are Mr. and
Mrs. Wood, Mrs. Kirk. Messrs. Warren.
Krone and Hansen. In the absence of
the associate matron. Past Matron Annie
Johnson filled her station. All the officers
did their work in a most creditable man
ner and one who won the highest praise
¦was the cosflnctress, Henrietta Albertine
MccLagan. The ladles who formed the
points cf the central star were also per
fect In the delivers- of the memorized
¦work. After the close of the chapter
there was a social hour in the lower hall. ;
There was a collation, recitations by
Miss Katie Krone, distribution of valen
tines in pair? for partners and dancing.
Olive Branch Chapter will have Initia
tion at the next meeting and will have a
ferial en March IL
The Odd Fellows;
On the ~rst Monday in March Fidelity
L«<5ge •ffl have an open meeting, when
e fine pngnaasM of entertainment -will
be presented.
At its last held meeting Vice Grand Fred
"U". Stowoll occupied the chair of the no-
Me prand In the absence of that officer
and he did the work In the initiatory de
gree in a perfect manner.
Terha Buena Lodge at Its last held
rr « '-..:».- had two candidates who received
the initiatory degree.
The grand master and the grand sec
retary officially visited the lodge In Fres
no last week.
Past Grand Master Barnes Trill deliver
en address at a meeting to be held in San
Jose on the 22d In aid of the San Jose
General Relief Committee.
Grand Eire A. C. Cable has cent out his
proclamation calling attention to the ap
proaching eighty-second anniversary of
the foundation of the order.
Henry Payct lectured on the "Land of
The Rising .-••n" before Apollo Ledge last
Friday night.
Amity Lodge of the Rebekahs will have
en old time party on the night of the
2ZA inst. On the 2d of March this lodge
will have about a dozen candidates to In
iriat*.
Loyal P.ebekah Ledge will give a rrand
masquerade bail in the Assembly Hall of
the Odd Fellows' building on the nljrht
of the 20th inFt. Prizes will be awarded
for costumes and originalltj'.
On the ci*ht of tho 10>th 'Jnet. Mission
Rebekah l^odge had an open meeting that
was attended by more than a hundred
persons. There wan an interesting pro
gramme, the principal features of which
were a lecture on phrenology by Dr. H. L.
Curtis, recitation by C. Anderson and a
vocal polo by Miss Margaret Davis. .After
that there was a dance.
Oriental Rcbekah Ixidge on Ian Tue«
<?ay had a basket auction which wag con
ducted bv Past Grand Master Barnes. It
created a great deal of merriment and
was a v»ry FuccesFful affair. The affair
¦was under the direction of Noble Grand
Miss Marti* \Wbb. who was assisted by
Mesdames Etlckney. Derby. Beckley and
£pottiswood. and Messrs. DuPea. Coburn
snd Anderson. The tale was followed by
an inspection of the contents of the bas
ket. Oc« good-natured Individual discov
ered that ne had paid 60 cents for a caw
dust pie.
National Union.
Last Wednesday was a rainy dlsagree
cble night, but that did not prevent a :
large number of people from attending the
excellent entertainment that was given by
the National I'nion Social and Uterary i
Club in Odd Fellows* Hall, which was
crowded, and that Is proof that the en
tertainments given by that body under the
patronage of the order are so delightful
that th<» people will attend rain or shine.
The exeeli#»r.t programme that has already
teen published was carried out and all
the r.Tformfrs were deservedly encored
The dance programme was a first class
one.
Golden Gate Council at its last held
meeting had a good attendance and the
manner In which the row officers are en
tering upon th« discharge of their dutlea
fhows that they are enthusiastic In the
work for the advancement of National
¦Lrnionlsm.
Knlghts cf the Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent at its last held re
view had a g-°od attendance of members
who witnessed the initiation of a number
of candidates. This tent now has a mem
bership of 415, with fifty applications to
ect upon. At each review Deputy Su
preme Commander Blake presents several
petitions. During the evening the tent
was favored with an Interesting address
by State Commander Hall. There were
b'so favorable expressions o # f opinion on
the d«creo team by several of the new
Juniors' Day.
The local councils of the Junior Order
cf United American Mechanics and those
of the Daughters of Liberty will give a
»:rand patriotic entertainment and dance
:n Odd Fellows' Hall on the 22d Inst. in
'clebratlon of the one hundred and sixty
rinth anniversary of the birth of Wash
¦ :rton. The programme will commence at
* o'clock ar.d continue until 10, when danc
j-' will follow and be kept up until 1 in
v e morning. _
Daughters cf Liberty.
On the night of St. Valentine's day
'•'artha Council of the
D^ufhters 'of Liberty had' a snowball
P*rty In the Laurel Hail at the Shlels
bt-Uding. The hall was crowded by rneia-
FROM THE LODGE ROOMS
The Past Chief Rangers' Association on
last Tuesday night elected new officers for
the current term and made arrangements
for a grand entertainment to be given in
Odd Fellows' Hall on the 9th of March.
At a meeting o'f Court Southern Heights
last week the report of William Stew
art, the financial secretary, showed that
the receipts during the six months end-
Ing with the last day of last December
were J2S99 10 and ; the disbursements
$1837 53. After deducting liabilities, the
court had in its general fund $1253 95. The
sick benefit fund showed receipts for the
year 1900 $1232 80 and the disbursements
$1164 15, with $166 31 to its credit in bank.
This court has completed all arrange
ments for its grand entertainment and
dance to be given in Odd Fellows' Hall on
the night of the 21st inst.
The Independent Foresters.
candidates through the work In time In
the usual manner, and so at the next
meeting on Tuesday next fourteen' will
be taken In by a new system, and a lar?e
and merry meeting Is looked for. It will
b« in th© nature of a email social session.
It is announced bv Exalted Ruler C. J^-
Ruggles that there will be three biff meet
ings of Stockton Lodge during March. At
Che first meeting of the month there will
be a celebration incident to the burnlas
of the bonds against tne lodge, which, by
that time, will all have been - paid off.
The other two events will be a big social
session and a ladles' night. The Indica
tions were never brighter for the local
branch of the Elks than at present and
an excellent class of men constitute the
recent additions to the. lodge.
On the night of the 1st inst. Reno Lodge
of Reno, Xev., bad a ladies' night which
proved to be a delightful, affair. Dancinff
commenced at 9 o'clock: and continued un
til midnight, when an excellent supper
was served to about 200. Exalted Ruler
Gosse was the toastmaster, and in a very
felicitous manner called -upon the mem
bers • to respond to toasts, the principal
ones being: "Our Country," "Our
Guests," "Our Order" and "Our 'Absent
Brothers." The sentiments of the speak
ers were warmly applauded. < After the
supper dancing was resumed and after
a most enjoyable night all sang "Auld
Lang Syne" and separated. This, lodge
now numbers sixty members, a good
showing for a small but growing com
munity. • '
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
27
AMUSEMENTS.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, en lln* of railroad, tot
sale. Solendid chases for tSos» about to
tana aa «11 company. NEWTON, CAR-
MEN * SOMES (3. C. MASON, afeat).
131 Chronlcls bid;.. Saa Fraaelaco.
MATINEE TO-DAT. SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT. SUNDAT, Last Tlma
?'A NIGHJ" OFF,"
SWa-J^hh TO-MORROW
BEAT THE N , GHTv
The Most' Laughable Farce of th« Season,
"WHAT HAPPENED
TO JONES; ''
6BATS-15C, Me, SEc, Wq.
EXTRA. MATINEE FRIDAY. February 2JL
Washington's Birthday. ¦
CHUTESand ZOO
THE FAMOUS
HAWAIIAN QUARTETTE
AND A HOST OF OTHER YAUD.BVILLBJ
STARS. . -. . .
NEXT THURSDAY NIGHT,
THE AMATEURS
A NEW-NOVELty.
". :* C : * Telephone for ¦ Seats^Park 83. . , . "
HEN^CHELS
TO-N/GflT.
MET ROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
POPULAR PRICES. POPULAR PROGRAMME
' Reserved ' Sen t s— 50c, '* 75c and f 1. ,S on " *al« at
Metropolitan' Temple to-day. :
PALACE
QIIU
GRAND
HOTELS,
San Francisco.
These hotels pos-
sess the attribute*
that tourists and
travelers appreciate
—central location,
liberal manage-
ment,, modern ap-
pointments and
perfect cuisins
American and Eu-
ropean plans.
Alf Elllnghoase. Proprietor aad Manager.
Phooe Scutti 770.
«ff h rtlB * MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND AH* WEEK.
Th« Original and Best of all Fun Sbo-wst
DAVE B. LEVIS'
BIG PRODUCTION,
LlllLLC PEOPLE
SPRUCEBY
GRAND OPERATIC ORCHESTRA.
CARLOAD SPECIAL SCENT21T.
NOVEL ilECHANICAlj- EFFECTS.
& Sawmill Scene
• ALL NEW SPECTA1.TIE3.
WATCH for th» BIO PARADE and OPE2T-
AXR CONCERT.
MATTXEES AND NIGHTS.
PRICES.
Erenlng— 23o, 35c. EOo and 73a.
Matlne*- lie. 23c. tSo and Mo.
Nat- AL O. FIELD GREATER MTNSTRElA
UNION COURSING PARK
...TO-DAY...
Sunday - - - • February 17th.
OPEN STAKE!
120— NOMINATIONS— 120
NEXT FRIDAY.
SA TURD A Y*maS UN DA Y
CALIFORNIA PLATE,
BELLE BRANDON CUP,
RESERVE STAKE,
THAIN SEHVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, tf \%
a. m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets, five minutes latsr.
Returning at 4«5 p. m and after" th* last
course. San Mates electrta cars every six
minutes.
ADMISSION 25a s LADIES FREE.
RACING! RACING! RACING I
" 13C0- WINTER MEETING-ISO.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FEB. H TO FEB. 15. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shins.
Five or mere races each day.
Races ttart at 3:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-beats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
ir 30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. conn^ctlns
with trains (topping at tha aotranc* t-i tha
track. Last two cars on tratn reserred for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy year
ferry tlekets to Shell Mound. All trains vU
Oakland mola connect with San Pablq avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Bread way, Oak-
land. Also all tratns via Alamcda mole 'con-
r.ect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. Thesa electric car*
jo direct to-t&e track In fifteen minute*.
fietcrnlcs— Trains leave tha track at 4:13 and
4:43 p. m. and immediately afler the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM3 JR, President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
Weelc Commencing MATINEE, TO-DAY (Sun-
day). Feb. 17.
A Big Bill and Entirely Hew.
DIRECT FROM PARIS.
THE DUMOND
MINSTRELS
Parisian Street Singers and Musical Artists.
A. L. GUILLE
The Famous Tenor.
THE THREE
KELCEY SISTERS
Vocalists, Dancers and Comediennes.
JOHNNIE JOHNS
A Study In Black.
AL AND MAMIE
ANDERSON
Vaudeville's Cleverest Colored Performers.
DOROTHY
STUDEBAKER
In an entire changa of repertoira.
IDALENE COTTON
' and NICK LONG
Presenting- New Imitations.
GEORGE AUSTIN
MOORE
An up-to-date Character Vocalist
THE GREAT
AMERICAN BiOGRAPH
Parquet, 25e, any seat; balcony. 10c; chil-
dren. 10c. any part except reserved. A few
front orchestra rows reserved, 6O2; front' rows.
of balcony, reserved, 23o.
SPECIAL. MATINEE FRIDAY. Feb, 32,
WASHINGTON'S BIRTJIDAT.
MOItQSCO'5
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
CURTAIN RISES at 8 O'CLOCK SHARP.
GOTTLOB. MARX ft CO. and WALTER
MOROSCO Announce the Farewell
Appearance In This City of
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
AND—
M. COQUELIN,
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
THIS EVENING.
Racine's Five Act Tragedy,
«« F»HEDRE."
And Moliere's One Act Comedy.
"LES PRECIEUSE5 RIDICULES"
To-morrow evening:, "La Tosca": Tuesday
evenins - and Wednesday matinee. "La Dame
aux Camellas".; Wednesday. Thursday and Fri-
day evenlngrs, "Cyrano de Bergerac"; Saturday
matinee, ••Phedre" and "Les Precleuses Ridi-
cules"; Satnrday evening, FareweJl nlpht, Third
»ct of "Cyrano de' Berjterae." Third act of
"La, Tosca," Monologue by M.' Coqueltn. Last
two act» of "La Dame aux Camellas." '
MME. BARAH BERNHARDT and M.
COQUEL.IN Will Appear at Every
Performance.
Seats on Sale for Every Performance.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
l*ftl 6IU SIA 5A.1 FRASCISCO'S
yUliUIUJSlA LEADING THEATEE
NOTE— No telephone or mall orders taken for
the flrst nleht. \
»dW FEBRUARY 25th,
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents Mrs.
LESLIE
CARTER
AFTER HER LONDON TRIUMPH
as 7 l7hm
Lj L\Lj±\
DAVID BELASCO'S . PLAY,
(A Version of Bcrtoa Sc Simon's Drama.)
MRS. CARTER, by Special Request, will
give an Extra Ma tlnte,
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY «. . ' V . -
In Addition to the Regular Saturday Matinee. .
SKAT SATF Befcin.PiEXT
OEiiXl OALD THURbbAV at 9 a.m. i
''--.......... . i
" W maacmriuu
- .- ' — r-Phone South 533
MATINEE TO-DAT. Prices. 10c. 15c. 25c
-TO-NIGHT— LAST PERFORMANCE.
Win. A. Brady's Famous Success,
AFTER DARK.
ODirCC Evenings. ..'.. ...10c, 15c, 25a. 50o
IfllVLJ Matinees.. 16c. Uc rl 25o
'¦ Beginning (TO-MORROW) Monday) i BV'H..
1 SPECIAL MATINEE -WASHINGTON'S
. . BIRTHDAY,
Tho Great Comedy Drama, •
CHIMMJE FADOEN
See : th« Bowery - Boy— CHIMMIE FADDE.N,.'
,*¦¦ The Bowery of New York Realistically 1
' :.; Pictured. . \ !
*TIVOLI*
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME,
NELL GWYNNE8
MONDAY, February 18
Splendid Production o? Last
Season's Superb Success,
I WIZARD t
• •••OF... • •
• w
0 Libretto by Music by Q
% Harry B. Smith. Victor Herbert. $
The Old Favorites Id Their Most Successful
Parts.
Big Chorus of Shapely Girls.
Reappearance of the Famous Comedian,
"HOOT MON" ALF C. WHEELAN,
as the King.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Tuesday,. Feb. IQ^EAGLES' NIGHT."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, MATINEE,
LDRIN riolRD
COMPANY
¦ — ix —
Th* Sensatlonil Scenic Melodrama.
THE WAIF'S
2 NEW YORK
f*T"lT"l The Great Bridge Scene.
iSr P Famous Old Five Points. X«*
Th« Great Fire Bc«ne.
MATLVEEJ3ATURDAY.
Next — "THE VILLAGE PARSON."
POPULAR PRICES— TJo, We, t5c
K*t £» m Item #>4 con.M4so»
THE O>TL.T FREE VAtTDEVIIJLE HOUSE IN
THE CITT.
WILLIAM~DE BOE,
Vaudeville's Greatest Aerial Juggler.
ERNEST~HAUSER,
The King cf Xyfophontsts.
MABELliUDSON,
The California Nightingale.
QUERITA~VINCENT,
Always a Favorite.
And OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPAXT.
M AT1NEB EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY
ADMISSION FREE.
THfc SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Continuous Racing. Beginning Monday. Feb-
ruary 11. 1301.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Etx Stake Events, Three Hurdle Races and
• *Vx Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAY AT 1:19 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan I'ark at 7, M:*J, 11:» a. m.. 1. 1:30
and I o. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
San Franctaco at 4:13 p. m.. followed after the
last race at Intervals qt a few minutes by sev-
eral specials. S* 511 ' la r « ar °» rB reserved for
ladies and their escorts. Admission to cours-s.
Including railroad fara, Jl 35.
! . MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racing Secretary.
Coquelin I Coquelin !
. THE FAMOUS FRENCH ACTOR,
, WILL DELIVER A LECTURE
TUESDAY AFTERXOOS. THE 1STH INST
At SHERMAS.t CLAT HALL, at 3:15 o'clock*
Subject— "L*ART ET LE COMEDIEN." "
Tickets, II. On sale at Scennaa & Clay's.
FISCHER'S cf O'lSSa-. H &V s = :
• Th« Lecnh). Swor. McOreavey and Swor
Rosco and Sims, the Alcedos. Rnth Nelta, Ger-
tie Aneelt. and Hlnrlchs' augmented orchestra.
• . Reserved Seats, 26c. Matinee Sunday. • - . . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY i A PARIS]
Dry Goods -*&gffsf& Company, j;
CURTAIN DEPARTMENT 1
Handsome line of IRISH POINT CURTAINS, our own impor- x
tations, good values at $9 and $10, J
On Sale at $7.50 Per Pair |
Special lot'of IRISH POINT CURTAINS, regular values I
at $7.00 and $7.50, |
On Sale at $6.00 Per Pair f
150 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 8 different designs, good t
value at $6.00 and $6.50, ;r
On Sale at $5.00 Per Pair j;
200 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in dainty bedroom ••
effects, On Sale at $1.50 Per Pair :j
300 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in real lace effects, ::
. On Sale at $2.00 Per Pair I
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, jj
SE. Comer Geary and StecHoa Struts, San Fr&ooueo.
UNION SQUARE. II
Mall and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention. II
/ITWfTRHM I^M'I'^-
A2£USE2£ENTSLTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL* SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
28
• AJV FllAKCfflCO CALU,
nUFINTCB OFFICB of Th« Kan rrandsco
Call, corr-r of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night tn tha yaar.
JtrtANCH OFFICES— vn Montgomery strett.
onwr Clay; o;x-n until t:?-J p. tn.
:rxi flares atrcct; op<m until f:80 p. ra.
rn m. AlilMrr »tr»«t; open until t:SO p. ra.
< ;' J«rki- ilt'r-t; open until 1:18 p. m.
:*"1 Mlritcn tttrert; «;.»n until IS p. rn.
?~< I Market street, corner tilxteentfa; open
cn«ll » p. tn.
|!« K'.eventh street; open Until 9 p. l_ ?
3'9C Valencia afreet; open ttntll I p. in.
North weet corner Twrnty-terond and Km-
»'»>-Vr. rtr»>et»: open tintil > p. ra.
cut itcii iGnyic_9.
CALVART 1*rerb>terlsn Oiurch. at T. M. C.
A. l.ulM'.ng, Mancn and i::h» ats.— Rev. Jchn
Ilfrr.phill. IX D. pastor, will preach at 11
I. .m. and 7:» p. m.; topic, evening. "Th«
W/mte of Time," sddrea* to young men. fcpe-
rml m«!«le ty the choir. Sabbath school and
Mr. Jotinetcn'a Dlble cl»s» at 11:30 p. m.
< l:rl»tlan Kndeavor at 6:S0 p. m. Wedneelay
evening jifayrr meetirg at i o'clock. Young
j«-r>;i> rpe^lally Invited. Htranrjers cordially
wclri.mfd.
IIOWAHD Pret-brterlan Churrh. corner of Oak
and llaker nn. — 1! a. m.. sermon by pastor,
Uev. John K. Thoma! 1 : uubject. "DltQuallfy-
ing Igrornnce." Holo l>y Miss Dosn*. 7:45
%•. m . ¦(itn' | ii by pastot ; theme, "The Slug-
card • Ort>ort unity." Mim L>oan» will alsi>
» : r at th* evening r^rvlce.
ni'.. c T Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
• Tid Earramertto f. — Rev. K. Mat-kencl«.
I». T>.. mlni-ter; nw. William Kirk Outhrie.
«.•-¦•::.!.¦ rr.lnlstrr. f'Tvlces at 11 a. m. liy
Mr. <:uthrle and nt 7:S') p. m. l>y Mr. Guthrle.
; 1. :•'«>• school mt JI.39 p. ra. V. 1*. 8. C. K.,
(U |i. m. All are welcome.. Morning sub-
ject. "IlrniFt Not. Grieve Not, vjuench Kot
th« Holy Spirit": evening, "lilcstcd Are the
1'ure In Heart."
Xt Central Methodist Hr»l«.coj>al Church. Mis-
sion St.. between ttlxth and Seventh, I>r. 8.
J». llutslnplller will preach at 11 o'clock on
the tnnps "1 he Seoul's Ptorm and Calm." and
at 7:»0 on the topic ••Whoso Ood ls ThlsT"
TT>e I'm. Ur1i;r« w-ill n«Kl»t In the servir»-s.
Mr. rtobert Uojrfl will guide the excellent
r ¦¦:»'- The jwopls ars curdialty lnylted to
worvhip with us
TlilNITV Churrh. corner of H>i»h and <Jough
•t».— The I'.ev. Frederick W. Clatnpett, U L»..
r*c'nr. Ilol- cotnniiinlon. S a. m. a'.id 11
a. BL — ornlng servic*. 11 oVlock. Evening
prsyer. 4 o'clock. Friday »ervlt-e for nrmy
and navy at 11 a. tn. The rertnr will preach.
UNITARIAN Church (Frrst). eouthwe«t corner
of Geary and rrar.wltn Ms. — Hev. Uradford
I^eavltt. minister: Hev. l.»r. Ktebblns, min-
ister emerltu»; Charles A. Murdi^-li. Bujwr-
Int«»ni1ent of Sunday school. The Sunday
erfcool is at 13 o'clock. The innmtng »ervlc«
I* at II O'clock, llev. George W. Stune. field
secretary of the. American fnltarlati AnmV.a-
«lon, v 111 preach on "Racial Qviestlrns of the
New Century." Music by quartet choir. All
¦r« cordially Invited. There 1. no evening
arrvloe.
F1IIBT Congregational CTiurch. corner Post nnd
Maron «.t*.— llev. Oeorce C. A>1ams. 1>.1'. .
rasltir. will presch at brth services. At 11
r.. m., theme, "A l*owrrful Advocate." At
7:X0 p. m.. them*. "Tlie I>ay fur Work." All
•rtt cordially mmed.
nrtRT Pocleir of the. New Church (Sweden-
borg1an>, O'l*arrell.»t. church, between Web-
•ter and Flllmore — lHibllc »er«-lor« at 11 a.
Rt. Brrmon by Bar. W. II. Hlnkley of Oa--
ton, *.'...•-'. iheme, "We Have a Ptrong
C:ty." 8trar*ers are cordially Invited Srats
free Take t_t_ and O'l'Virrcll or Flllniore
mx. cars.
nr.ST Church of <"^irtst. Srlentlst. Cent ral
Mock. ZZi Putter st.. between Kearny st. anil
Grant av».— <"hrlfti«n Science H'ble lesion at
11 a. m. ; subject. "Mind." Sunday nrhool for
children at the same hour. Wrdnesrlay even-
ing meetings at % oVlock. Free reading-room.
V* Kearny i>t . ni'tn 510. All are weloonic.
ItEOnO.ANl7.nr> i*hurfh «>f Jems <"Tirlst.
l'ruiii-.' Trniple. corner Fourteenth and Fol-
•nni ets— l"rTachlng 11 a. tn. ly HUhop II'.l-
lisrd. 7:50 p. m. by r.;t.hf»p Dlakester. This
rhurcb was orsanlred by command of O<->»1 In
! v ."i to prepare a I'Ci'iile tn meet Jems ilirl^t
x\heti be oiMiic*. In tlie "clouJ* Of heaven."
All wel«»me. C. A. l*arl;ln. pastor^
prnCIA— eo!<i«el me<*tlnes at the ball, IT «*!ty
Ilr»11 »vjunrt'. n«-«r Market, ri-mmfnclnit Till. 1 *
ISUKDAY) rVI"NlN*l. «nd each sTtBlag
liuvlnc the- wer.k 'n-cpt Monday and Hatur-
<*«y. at 7:41. Paul J. l«-in-aus. Fr«'»ch evun-
(relipt : und<*nom!n»tloiia!. t^ats free.
TlUVFlrtt Mental Fclenoe Temr'* meets nt
11 a. in. in Holden Oate 1UU <-"> Patter «t
Mi« 1'Urn FVltz wit! Iwtnr*-; subject. "Whst
We !*urt«o«-e tci AtHH>!jip!l»1i Ttm.ush Mental
frMlrr.re." Ttie pcbllc « ordlally lnxited to I*
|t.-!«ent. H..-U- free.
1111" TheastQpnical Society— rutilto lecture to-
•;srlit nt S ii'clix'k In «Md Fellows' liullding;
MiM«-et. '-Free Will \"er»u« Fat«-." by Mr*.
S. 1" M<-rr!tt. OoMen Chain at 11 a. m.
MBBTIXG5 — BCJTDAV,
1)R. J l»F/rnw D—tOAN tettuies th'« cries*
Ing nn "Mslarla. lt« Nutiiiv an.l ElBfCta.'' at
«"r>i«tal Hull. Pythian «*«jttle. <>«•¦» Market St..
{V>!li<»rd li> macn'noent »lf»s of a visit t.i
DoQ«tanttn(qd« anil Turkey. Vtt* tt<k«t« w«u
tx« dlrtributed for X-r»y exhtbttion at Ssn!-
tanum TwtWIir fv». Seats free. No collection.
A-MItS. J. J.XVIIITNKY: tent" m-etin«:~qari-
tlon» answered; ni'-saiies: sltttnK^ daily. It,
UCl OTarrrll tt.. KUJs-st. rar: admission IQcl
A- Mr<. OiUif.cham'p !>rirt:u»l te*t me*>tliiK >
p, m. : 30i 1., ;. ¦• l»r: I ;! -.k. seale.| «jue»-
UBtMi : I M i daily. s_ Wni. and Sat.
A-PltTltlNr.S 1 Spiritual f.x-iety. SM* Msrki-?:
II. free: ?•!». KV; six c<-ivl tiwdrutns; all terts;
ordinatl.m at J p. rn.. Mrs. Se« - ley.
WHS fe.TOI>DAItirs ot'iivtnclng test* to-day:
circle*. 10c. Sun.. Yum., Tliurs. ; rraJinn.
tlally. IT? Ninth rt.
ATTEND Slme. Marquise's seance to-nlgJit nt
I o'clock «harp; ltV. 6 Hyde. nr. McAlltrter.
TV'. Q. KCEGAX hol<*s spiritual meeting every
m__fxr-pt fat.. 10c. 14S Sixth. !d Boer.
MMK TOUKCT8 convincing test circle ti>-
r.tcht. CW McAllister St.; 10c; come, skeptics.
_H5. EVANS. l!0 Ptxth. r. 1«— ClrcU to-day.
I-f p. m.. 10c. and every evosing exa. Thum.
J'A^U th» wr-nderful test medium. at Wood-
men's Hall. tCl Twelfth *t.. Oakland. K p. m.
VHS. \1OARS. epirltual test meeting to-night.
Ifte: etttincs flally. 1«8 Plith »t.. room Si.
A GRAM> test seance to-night: Mrs. Kl>er-
harfit KM ttd »t.; tkeptlcs Invited: 19c.
MCCTlMi!— I'nWrr-al llratherhuod.
»l,Mi titSAI. nrotneThood and Theoe-ephlcal
$odtty (non-polltlcal ar.d unsectartan) will
bole Its opening rawing at Universal Uroth-
•rhood Hall. SIS O'Farrell st.. at S o'clock to-
night: Oreek iTjniwilum. "Hrpatls." will b«
riven: tnusleaa felertlons: all Invited.
UCCT1XG AOT1CKS.
•INO—KT Order cf Forester*— Member* *«ji r t
«f th» Anrler.t Order of Fcreater* mre < -*t
rrepectfulty Invited to b» present at jt\
the funeral ct our late brother. JO- &-}•
EHPH nUTI-tnt. a member ef Court Mt
Itoyal No. t£M. of Montreal. Canada. Fu-
P«raJ mh1wi wtll b» heia at 1 o'clock p. ra.
in the A. O. r. bu!l£lnc. 182 O"Farr«U »t..
«n SV.NDAT, February IT.
M. 13OUHM. Hlrn O:lef Rasge?.
¦Attest: J. FAliWNFR. P. 8.
STHC e<csm1tt»« h.T'rt charge of y
tb« celebration of th* ISd ar.nl- f
•TTMry of th» Wrth of Hobert jf
_tr.ir*-t t» b« held at Wetropell- _ *^& M,
Ua Teazle JIONPAY. March 4. K
will tswt at K. R. XL Hall TO- «___?
DAT tSunday) at 1 o'clock Fy^CP-
•harp. - ¦.-'¦'¦
C_AN FTtASHR No. Tt. Order « A Ov
6cMt!»a Clan*, wtll rtvs Us tenth 51 Qj)
annual concert and social tfancs at '?aXJ^
Foottt.h Hall. Ill I_rkln st.. on th. *****
evening of \V«.h!» s t.-.-.-| birthday. FRIT»AT.
Febrvary tJ. at > Itev. VTISlIam
JtafleT win de'.tver an a<5flr»M, subject. "The
American Rcct." BolcUts. Mrs. Eva Tcnuy.
Mr*, M. ilrOlaflt. Mr. Robert Uoyd ani
Mr. Alfred Wtlkle. A£nt*«!on »c.
WM. CORMACK. **£&.***
NOTirr-Teat-irters" fries cf San FrancJsico
..".v^ 1 -? f 4. h r T ' n - L ir -- s r*clal neetlng
HTXP*T. Febrcurr x;. at 5 p. m . US9 Mls^
s^"" -»t. JCS. r»rCIX>y. S«-cr»tary.
ICOTIcr: ef »tockhc!aer»' raeetlac->A -p»n«l
ireet'.Rg of |b« rtf^khclderj cf thi non«!uhi
Fvrar Orr.pa-iv l* cslleti tn anfi will b*
?»M st the nfftr* of th» pomrany. No. JiT
Market St.. Fan Franrtsco. Ca!.. rr\ MON-
PAT. Febt-oarr II. J«L at 11 :» o'cloVw 'a.
tn.. fcr the purpose cf con*iderlr.g a proro.
sitloa to 4!«*clvs the ccrpcratloa and to c-.ib«
•tder »uch Btbtt bu-taets •> tray come be-
fatt tfc» raectlag. By erSer tt the l*re»!t!«at.
K. It. SHEUXIX.
••ecreta'-r ncnojalu P^car Co-nrao-'.
rttro: Faa FrsncJsco. February t. Hd.
AKNt'AU MeftlTsg—The regular acnusl treet-
Iiue «<f th« stoc-VhcWers of the Ilonctlulu
1 «—.*•• •- C*>tt:r<any »!tl be held at the of-
IVe or the rvmnarr. STT Market st.. San
rrandncv Cal.. oa WTnNrsDAT. Fetrosrr
tT. 1SC1. at the hour of U oVloclj a. ra.. fcr
*h» i<urj*>*» ef elrc«ir.g a board of rtlrectcrs
*;?• rerv* f^r the rnmihrg year, and tS«- trans-
«rtica of such oth?r buj>!ne»» a* mar c*»m«>
before th* n»»et!n*. Tran*fer books Trill ejes*
on Haturdsy. Keprwarv l«. 1S51. at U
o'clock n>. n. ?I. S!lrTMK>X. ?e<T*tary.
ATTOHSRVS AT I»A\V.
ADVICE fT*»: «tlvorc# law a specialty: private;
no fe» wtthetil success; collections. Q. W.
MOWn. atty ft law. fV Market, ccr. Stockton.
J. It. MCKNIGHT, collection-: damages: e«-
<ate«: «aintr.s: open even. $S3 Parrctt b!tig.
rUANV; W. FM1TH. tnlnics a,nd probate Uw a
••rrcUUy, ll'M* Wr... r. X <th f.r.:tel. ne<S JRI.
*iiVKK free: n--> rharc« vr.l**» successful. W.
tf. DAVIDSON. WT Market sU. opo. Masoau
_ P. CLARK. Emma Sprocket* bldg.; »tl Mar*
ket it.; coarcltatlea frW; bo fee* la ad>ai.c«.
AGERT8 WAKTED.
Tlin Rio Mlchol Rubber Company of Ban
Krsncleco, CaL; want* Intelligent men to act
• a Its agents throughout the United States;
must t" men or character, address and push.
The company owns large properties. Is out of
debt anil In a thoroughly sound nnd flourish-
ing condition. It ba* a considerable acreage
already planted to rubber and has a large
force of men constantly at work. It offers
for rale a limited number of Interest bearing
and installment certificates. A comparatively !
small amount Invested now will produce large I
nnd steadily Increasing Income In near future. !
The corporation invites closest Investigation. I
Agents and Interested persons apply Rio Ml-
chol Rubber Co.. r. 63-C6. Crocker bldg.. S. F.
THIS book "War, Life and - Times of Queen
Victoria"; only official ctmplete book; biggest
ihA best; prices cut: 70 per cent profit; 1000
arents wanted; a million copies will b« sold
In 60 days: valuable premiums free with each
1>ook; credit riven; freight paid; general
sgents wnnted on salary; book outfit alone
free: both book and premium outfits prepaid
for 20c: order quick. Address sole authorized
American publishers. Monroe Hook Co., ChgO.
O. C C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair; will
not Irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate-
skin; personal demonstrations free: srenta
wanted. Ontario Ch*m. Co.. agcy.. 414 Kills.
EXPERIENCED lady solicitors for the Amer-
losn Lyceum Circle, in connection with high-
class publications; a novel and paying propo-
sition. Apply at room G06. Adams building,
northeast corner Putter and Kearny Bts.
SOLICITORS expertem ed In handling hlgh-
clcss works to pti<«h Judge Urewer's "World's
Hext Orations" and "World's U<>«t Eosays";
two of 'the best rellers <in the market. J. N.
ODF.LL. SCO Kearor H. ¦ • 1
WANTED— A few"flrsl-cUes rollrttor* to sell
oil «<>ciirltle!i on oominlF.Mon: must have l>e*t
ireffrenres; life Insurance men preferred. Call
or nildresn The OH Investment Agency. 210
Kxamlner building, city.
! I1OT1I sexes; 100 per ce.it profits and dividends;
J .tnnuary dividend 10 f'r cent: prospectus free.
I ArtrtrcMi Philippine Catarrh Co.. 422 Penn ave..
riltsburg. Pa.
"QVEKn Victoria's Life nnd Itelgn." com-
plete: fully Illustrate.); agents *ave time nnd
freight: ?en<l Tis ter 2-rertt stnmps for outfit.
J. DKWI.VO CO.; San Frandnco. .
AOKNTS— Do you wnnt something more profit*
I «Mt and easier to sell than book* or lnsur-
I *nre? AM. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
I c;OOr> rollrltms; male or female; excellent op-
i portunlty for rtiJit r>artlr«; salary an«l com-
J ml»«lon. *' Post st., room 6.
J "WANTED— Good country solicitors. ' Monterey
1 Central Oil Co.. room 40R, Kxamlncr building.
V ANTED — «oo<l city solicitors. Monterey
I Central Otl Co.. room 408. Fxamtner building.
! A'JF.NT In every town for "Life of Queen Vlo-
; torla.'.' Cat l^ib. Co.. M7 Market, r. 70<. B. F.
I ACrCNT. ladv, lance Income. a» county repre-
j srntstlve of lop«l manufacturer. 1CI6. Call.
AM'IIAU'li'M IIOOKIVfi.
I J. PELTIER.' asphalt rooflng. sidewalks re- '
n»lre<i: t-»"t«l 11W Mission: »»1. Folsom 1607.
in th cAniynsTg.
\ BATH CARINKTS: ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
; fevtlon and others. Arencv. 4J6 Rill* St.. S. F.
I niCYCLlU — fur Salt* or Exchange.
I Al.i'.KN liJ<* |ast received UOl Columbia bl- ;
cycles. SOI l-urkln ft. and l'.TC to 1974
I Page t»t.
j • no A RUING l-"»»ll CIIILDKKS.
RR8PBCTA__3 Ornwn lady wishes to board
a child not under 1 >*ar old; references fur-
nished. :ri NniriM RL: ring to|< bell.
LADY with own horn.' would like 1 or I small j
children tn board; «ot>d care. 321* Sixteenth. 1
! WANTFD— A home for two children. Address ;
b»'\ lacfl. Call !
DUSIXBSM C1IAXCKS.
i PARTNER wanted !n a large. olA-establlshed I
! profitable burlnes*. rcntrulltng n so<h]. safe,
#.jlld ami relUbie traJe; owing to retirement
c-f former manuger owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an xcccptabla party: duties
will be the keeping of accounts *nd asslkt- |
: lug generally In the management of tVse busl* |
re**; one accustomed to horses preferred; j
capital required j'Of-0 to JU'.tvc; full value In \
•tght; books and bu»lne»s open for lnvrstlsa- 1
tlon. J. W. Donnrlly * Co.. 03! Market »t. j
j CAPITA— procured for nil legitimate enter- ;
prir»'». stock eottapksiei Incorporated tn any
! Slate; partnerships and lonns n»"BOtlat»-U;
I t>UKtne*s pluors of all kinds iHWeht, sold and
; r>rhnni;M l>y 11KRIIKUT * CO.% room 71U.
i Emma Bprsckels imiidinir, 7:9 Market ti.
; A CI'STOMKU nf ours has cash anil uneneum-
1 l<-re<l leal estate to «-xrhRn»"e for kikhI piiy-
1 Ir.e »i«Mlne»:» i>r stock of lutrchnndine. HlClt-
' ISKRT 4c *•«).. rni. 7l>>. Kinma Mils. ,
! MARION HUIFF1N. the real estate . opent.
i r.»mi» 1 an.l ;. No 719 Market, near Call Mt'.g. ;
i A tmrt>er shop; groat liarguln; owner xiok
' U..?el In clt>: trU! Riven *liOO
; J:»-M.nir«ni In v.l\nlesnU' ilistricl. a KiiK»ln.
Fruit More, vegetable.", poultry; rent $lO..K0O ;
• MONF^Y saved „ buyers; fine o;-.enlriK» In rro- j
i Certc«, saJoona, clear itortsi hotels anU oth«r ,
' lni?ln<rssF»; in\<»»ticate.
a. w. BcnwGnctURD,
I r»i<-nt> Mint IW. V17 Market. l>et. 5th & tth.
¦ Y\)l\ sal«— Good iMuntry mercha nt Um business
i Including good store, dwelling hou*#. town.;
I hall, with other buildings and ,V> lots. In Mo- ;
I doc Co.: a 17-mlle space with only this one. ¦
j More. A. T-. WILUSV, «16 Market St.. S. F. \
I KIXE-HUNN1NG Ist-class reMaurant; iwtron- ]
i mgt> of several near-by hotel*; r«H-eliits $S5 i
j dully: capacity VA chMlrn: will t»ll nt Tea- j
j t>onahle price. FISH Kit & CO.. 1CZ2 Market. ¦
ACTIVS man to Invest from ;1000 to tWWO Tn '
csial>ll!>he<l legitimate business; experience i
unwcuiKljT; guaranteed ralary of $1M 'o tVXt]
monthly; best city refen-nces wid bankable :
••curlty clven. Opportunity, box 1778. Call. \
! "WANTKD— l"*artles to Join a company now ;
I taking Government claims for homestead ana '
I o'.l; soil the tw*t with plenty of water for*
! irrigation. RochUale Ijind and OH Co.. room i
& r* Montgomery st.
WANTKD— Threw men with $4<X) ea»-h to tako I
J promoters' Interest In oil comvany to o;>erate ;
1 m tract situated In the heart of th« old Me* \
: Ktttrlck district. Call or address room 210. i
Kxamlner building, city.
[ »«>"— Ft">R rale, a cash grocery and notion store j
j 10 miles from San Francisco; flne living for
widow or small family; sh-knejiF the only rea-
son for selling: a week's trial given, liox 1675,
Call office. _^ '
WANTED- Tarty "willing to Invest $6000 legit- I
Imate li;ilne*s promotion; opportunity to !
douM» capital In rtve months; no oil or mln- j
ing proposition; principals only. 1SS7. CaU.
J«»-M«nufacturlr»g buMnens rartner wanted: I
Investigate; olrt-establl»h»<1: good chance for <
acceptable r«rty. ivsnnelly Co.. €5! Market, j
IF you have 1W0 ca«h and want ti get Into a !
business that you can double yotir capital ]
every month, tnvr«t!*;ate this opportunity. '
Address box JC$4. Call office-. ;
11 * ' j
J?W WILL buy a corner grocery »r.d bar; good
location: owner leavlnr city; this ls a bar-
galn. Dox 1C77. Call, office.
JCCCV-ON account of retiring; delicacy and dairy
rroduce Mere; established U years; fine loca*
ticn: cheap rer.t; < living rocnis. Call at Ct
larkln st. -
CROrnnT and bar: rau»t be sola on account
cf departure; value tn sinht; rJCO <no agents).
A.'.irvss Grocer, box 1T7S. Call off.ee.
TO LCAFK frenn the l»t of March: unfumUhed
hotel, broad gauge station. San Rafael. Ap-
p»y owner. 11 Lyon st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— For ca.b, traall notion and sta-
tionery store in good location; stat« price.
A. l\. UCt» Clay »t. |
SSZd— OOOD corner restaurant and b*r- rent
J35. Apply at "WITCH—AN. LTJTGnN &
CO.'g. 31S Oaty ft. .
CORNER grocery and bar; na opposition; long
lease: reasonable; na agents. Box- 3S3S. Call.
I IirSTAl'RAXT: good location: cheap: I am
I leaving city. H9 Stanyan St.. end of HalghU
j FOR SALE-Cheap. established restaurant;
owner has other business. IS Washington st.
JJJfO— rAtVTNnR wanted: legtttmate paying
1-uslne^: good security. Bex 177?. Call offlce,
ANY l*<5y with isrcall capital; ea^\ profitable
j business. 143 Stockton St.. room IT.
NKWSPAPEH route, over 450 subscribers. Ad-
drrss box 1«$CL Call ofSc*.
WF.LL-rSTABUSHED carpenter thop for
rale. Apply SIC Gouch st.«
KFSrTAVRANT and thr*« rocms for »ale. Call
CC3 MlTsion st.
j Kv>!t sale— Caady »tt>re and factcrj-; established
! tn * B ?" y****i coed location. 1«« MarXet *t.
j FOR *ale — Famished barber chop. SK. comer
,1 Turk and Scott sts. . »
FOR SALE— Cheap, small restaurant; 3 living
rooms. Box 1WS. Call cfnc*.
Wanted— s«ioon: $ju\>- to su*»: rood icva-
tien; low rent; lease. Hex l*Ti Call.
CANPT and statlocery store/ stock and Cx- '
turrs for tale cheap; ng agent*. SJ5 Folk sL
OtTTEIDE rout* on this r*P*r for ¦_•. Apply
Call BiMln««a Oface.
FOR nent— frifurntsaed; first class; Union
Hctel la Scaem* Ctty: renovated •from eel- i
lar tp garret. Particulars inquire UU Ninth i
•t., corner Caester, Oakland.^ '
BUSINESS CHAXCES— COJJTINUED,
HORSESHOEING fhop; one of th« best ihops
In the city on one of the principal streets;. will
sell cheap, as owner is obliged to leave ctty.
Box 1635. Call office.
LARGE outside route fNo. 10) for iale. Apply
at Call business o(Il?e.
FOR pale— A steam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley doing a businens from $100 to $150 per
week: no other launJry within 60 miles. Box
J64S. Call offlce. ¦¦ •¦ ¦
OOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber Jsnds, yards, lum-
ber stock, .donkey engine, horse teams, eto
IL ft F. L. COOPKR. Nevada City. Cal.
FOR eale— A flsh and delicacy store. Address
C. M. W.. 348 Virginia St.. Vallejo.
A SHOE store In country for sale; aecount of
sickness. Call at ?» Second Bt. ; leather ators.
»S0 WINS $300 per month, at races; references
given. Information Lyons. »it Market, r. 4.
LARC.K Inside route on this paper for sal*.
Apply business office^ •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmorest.
i,ODGING-HOU9B!i FOH SALE. .
A?T^T?r....WE PAY SPOT CASH
For Rooming-houses and Hotels
Ho Not Walt for Agents to Sell
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
tTM): 10 ROOMS; nil on* floor: Geary st.:
clenrs $100; only $250 cash required.
$200 coeli for 11-room house; nicely fur-
nli>he<l: good location; balance payments.
' J500 for lS-room bomrdlntr-liouse; central;
n] way* full: rent $S5: long time balance.
Vacant -houses furnished :
We furnish the money, you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SSO Markat.
MARION GRIFFIN nas a big list of houses.
Rooms 1 & 2, No. 719 Market; near Call bldg.
23 rooms: rent $75: first floor: all offices: must
lie pold: departure; reduced from $1900 to $M..0.
R rooms; cor. tint; all sunny: elegant: rent $45;
brand new nnd nice; strictly flp>t class.
11 rooms: costly fur.; rent *JS: respectable. »90n
40 rooms; respectable; rent 3150; modern
houfe; owner leaving c:ty: a flne bargain.
IS room*; good fur.; rent $*» $1100
4>i rooms; line cor. house: Hunt; sunny;
full: i>rlce reduced from $:000 to $4:<00
30 ROOMS; brand new; must sell: north of
! Market; rent $76. WINSTON & WOLF," 10:t
Market Bt.
11 ROOMS: north of Market: part ca«h; price
J4I5. WINSTON & WOLF. 10:6 Market st.
I ColtiioMS: rrnt $115: north of Market: flne pay-
Ing house. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market.
I 16 ROOMS: corner: cheap rent; price $:S0O; part
! CRi>h. WINSTON & WOLF. 102S Market st.
I FOR SAI.r-LODGINO-HOrSES
HOTF.I.S. nOARDlNO-HOUSES
.: FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES.......
From 3 to 2J0 Rooms.... ,
..Trices, from $50 to $10.000
Payments to fu». Give me a call
..Money to loan at lowest rate
Cnll; 1 can ault you
H. C. DECKER. 1C:O Market st.. opp. Fifth.
tO~ROOMsTnewly furnished: rent J150 J3100
"0 rooms; Vnn Ness; finely f urn. ; extnv... 950
10 rooms. $450; 10 rooms, quick 1*50
$<£<! buvs H elegantly furnlsheii rooms; nil
hnlr mattresres: best of bedillriKI cleani $63
month: rent onlv $!! £0: big burgntn: best lo-
I cation. FISHER & CO.. 10S2 Market St.
TAYI/>R. near Market— Fine transient; oak
furniture; 9 rooms and bath; rent UO; water
five: M50. National Real Estate Exchange,
3 lM<ly st.
EI.KOANTIjT furnished 7-room house; flne lo-
j cation; chenp rent; sniatl payment down;
small monthly payments. National Real
Estate, Exchange. 3 Eddy nt.
LODGING-IIOV'SKS— SUes an.l prices to suit
! nil buyers: titles guaranteed: money loaned
buyers; before buying rail. ¦
G. VV, SCHWEINHAnD,
; Phone Mint 1911. tlT Market St.. bet." Eth & 6th.
OAMi and *e« our list of bargains In houses:
we have them In any nart of the city and at
nny price. EURKKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth *t.
$1X00— l^onoiNG-HOIJSE lor Bale; 60 rooms.
11SH I'ills St.
CORKER liou-ie. 10 rooms; rent $2?: income
$«; a bargain at $<00. Box 16:»0. Call offlce.
UAROAIN; 10 rooms;, a. money-maker; xea It.
i 137 O'Farrell st.
1S-UOOM house; flne locntinn; well furnished;
full: golnir away. Hot is<»1. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
i Jl'ST arrived from the East. Mr. and Mrs.
1 Foster, mediums for Rplrlt i>hot(*Rraphy and
spirit telegraphy: «lttlnrs from 9 to 5; K't a
' j>h»tc> of your srlrlt friends. _SO9 Taylor st.
! <\ V. M1LI.FR. materializing stance. S p. m..
1 fOc. ifiSI Punh Kt., n«ir I<enven«-orth.
MHS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing *e-
nnce. Sunday evenlnu. 129 Taylor st.; SOc.
MRP. LESTER— Readings. «*c: circle every eve
ex. Sat., VA"; devel. circle Tu«-s. eve. Z2Z Turk.
KARLK. 305 Taylor «t., corner Kills— Sittings
•latly; srance Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. \vKsT. wonderful medium and healer:
readings dally. 10" to 10. 1MM Market, room 14.
MME, MAJORS. Rifted cplrltunl medium, healer
and cord reader. 146 Kddy st,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance. bus.m»dtum.llfe
resder. rcedlcal clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
C. Mayo-Steers, ll!Vi Oak St., trance medium;
resdirp* $1; hour^ 1-S p. m. : tel. Howard 5SJ.
KKIF..NDSH1I' Hall. Zte McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
\«,v-r: rittliw— *»M«-« t^»t« ?r. »|| tr»-n1irbt:1O<-.
CLAinvoYAvrs.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Kver In San
Francisco.
TROFESSOR JOHNS.
The world's Kreate?Mlvlng p*lmlst and clair-
voyant, can b« consulted dally on nil- affaire of
life; he advises you whether you will b* suc-
cessful in business, mining or lawsuits, etc. :
Professor Johns ls reyond the shadow of m.
doubt th« most sclentlllc practicing palmist
ami clairvoyant In the world to-day.
There la no home w> dreary or *ad, no life-
m har.l and blighted, no heart so rad and
lonely, that cannot bo srt right and k«vt right
after a' visit to this inspired prophet of modern
times: all long-standing and chronic diseases
that have baffled the physician's pktll cured
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated, settles lovers' quarrels, causes
rpre<ly anil happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil Innurnces; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
know'.e«3r.»; tells If your loved one ls true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire-; also that which a person Is best adapt-
etl for In life is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies: no matter what your
trouble Is, he can and will help you or
charce. you nothing for his services.
»;. R -Palmistry taught; medlumlstlc per-
sons developed. ?*>i Kearny St.. near Market.
Reading* by mall. s "
If you cannot call, write. Give date of •birth,
utate- whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
questions; Inclose $1. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
1SMAR THE OTrSY
ISMaR. the Egyptian Gyr«y. draws aside th«
uncertain years ahead: happiness' and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where euc-
cers ls possible were tt not for a lack of fore-
! sight into the future. If you ar« In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satlc-
fl«d tn life, consult IP MAR. for she ls a proph-
etess of wcrld-wlde fame and her name has be-
ccm« a proverb In thousands of home* mads
happy by her nld and advice. 9 ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to Sn. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office. 114S
Market st.. opp. Sixth. By mall thr»>« Ques-
tion* answered, tl. Pull life reading, $3.
____________
115 KF.ARNY ST.. ROOMS t-10.
Late of Los Angeles. ¦ --¦=-' / ""
MRS. DCVAL i« a natural born clairvoyant
and business medium. She tells your past,
present and future life. If then are. obstacles
in the path of your life one can tall you how,
to avoid find overcome them.
Sh» Olves Accurate Tips en the Races.
MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully In
Los Atireles for the past nine years for all the
principal business people, as well as these In
the highest foclety. and still has patron* there,
to whom sh« will continue to give her valuable
advice. Mining a specialty. -
MME. M. BERNARD. " ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium. !m perrna-
| nentlv located at 17 Third #t.. next Examiner
butltllRg. Sfce read* your hfe correctly. gtr*s
¦ «n accurato description of the past, reveals
the- present happer.Ings and portrays events
to occur In tfce future. ¦ If you are In trouble.
discontented, unaappyer not satisfied tn ltf*.
or "have- domestic, love or • business trouble*.
consult this r.r<v»t . medium and you will b«
1 told how to ov*rcoro* them. Valuable adrlco
j In all affair? of life; tie up; perfect satlsfac-
j tlon- guaranteed. .. ,, ., =;l
t CONSULT the Quaker tredtum and patnitst: sh«^
I will reunite you with your loved one; her ad— !
I vice can b* rell*d uron-ln all business affair*. :
! rales cf property, oil. mines and lawsuits: d» I
I yea wsr.t a better position? Call and learn how
1 to get It. MRS.E.SANDKRS.H04 Market, r. !».
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tranc*
medium. Is permanently located at 120C Mar- ¦
ket «t.. correr of GoH*a Oate. ave.. rooms 13 '¦
and Tti tak* . elevator. Perfect satisfaction i
guaracteM by mall: s*nd stamp for para- j
phlet with special terms. I»Ht and' Pnrtdsy. j
MM_ PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant '* cmrd I
reader, born . with . double veil— second sight*
diagnoses dis*a#* with life reading; la.tlerSCc,
• gents n; r«lni.^ and rtalr. flu !\ 8fl. \St T_*. •
M>rE. L^ROSE.' b*«t clati~oyant."*tara . reader
fre* tests t^s up. 47: Stevenson »t.. cor. Sixth. ;
MRS. Melvtu, w?]i-known clatn-orant. water
reader. U, Cth;G«r_ ankpokea;tfiaiowardiS4^ ;
.'¦"''' 'CIjAmvOTAKT«»'j''. /--;'-¦ :
ISMAR,.th> Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and!
palmist, ,.ermnnontly located 111$ Market, op;
6th; private readings daily. 10 a', m.to » p. m.
MME. ZERBDA. the gypsy. Is the- great polm-
int and card reader; g5c. 7 Seventh st. , ..'
MME. SCIIAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
mttlngs.dally. 448^ Jessie at., bet. 6th A <th.
MRS. n. UAUMAN. the well-known fortuns
teller, has removed to 223 Eddy at.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader^and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 85c. 1149 Mission.
MJtS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant, business me-
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently. . business
advice; names riven: ?Sc mt>. 8 Fourth' wt.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, ¦ warts, ehll-
• Malm: palfiless pure. Dr.- Duncan. 415 Butter.
,^<^OLt,ECTIOX OFFIC-S. _ _
OEOROB W. KELLT'B Agency— No charge un-
ices successful. . Room 310. 927 Market -st.
CARPET DRATING AKI) -GLXK&tXVu
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Csrpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-257 Teharr.a at.; tel. South 49.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard, laid at bo.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth et.; tel. Jessie 844.
J.' E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth at.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCH Carpet-Cleaning Co., 403 Butter St.:
tel. Main 391 GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East lit.
COTTAGE 15 TO LET.
TO RENT— A very desirable six-room cottags.
1813 Baker Bt. . _i
T\VENTY~FIFTH. 8833— Cottage, 8 rooms;
large yard; rent $8. __¦
WOLFE st., 8— Cottage 4 rooms, yard, etc.;
rent 89. Key 2948 Mission st.
J7 tO— 5-nOOH cottage and barn; water free.
5C60 Mission St.. •
$12— REAR sunny house of S rooma. facing
small street. SilO C.itlfornla >t. .
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELE^TT^-HEN^TXL^CLTNrcrwniiaP
ket *t., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our' specialty: gold crowns.
13 to up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. ra. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, t to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days- on all
plates, crowns and hridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for M years; crowns, $3 (0; fillings. 50c; plates.
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago I'erital Parlors, 24 Blxth st.
KiC.HT prizes, for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful necret. painless method; 10 years
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; Udy attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. ?0 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ars
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. SOc: gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mlpslon str. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; dlffloult plate work solicited;
positive pilnleits extraction. 60c.
DRR.L.WALSH. Slofi O'»ry. nr. Larkln-Patn-
Ifsn extraction 50c;plates 15 up:phone Polk UK.
PAItlS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. .cor. Bush—
Ful\ set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Kx-
amlner building: formerly In Murphyjhldg. ¦*
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings' and • 6un-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Blxth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOIIXO. 1»4|, Polk st. .
gN
LEGE. USS Market, at.: individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil rervire. coach_Mr; tuition $5 month.
ALL Mudenta but two taking full course 'this
year got > positions. PAN FRANCISCO BU8I-
NESS - CO.LLEGE. 1236 Market, at.
A TRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening: $$ per<month; $50 Ufa acholar-
ehlp guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses: telegraphy, penmanship, etc.: posi-
tlOns secured for graduates: catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott lildg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
HKAI.D'8 BUSINESS COLLEGE. 34 Post st.
:".. F— Eookkeeplng, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, dvll,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: new 89-page catalogue free.
I A-THK LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
I school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
NEW YORK College of Cutting. In ladles' tatl-
ortng; pupils taught; graduates get S75 week-
ly; patterns cut; agents appointed for Cities
and States. Prof. Traverse. 1K< Market, r. 19.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE haN posi-
tions guaranteed to It by wrlttan contract,
and .can therefor* with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. SOS Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed 'to new. quarters, rma. 40-45
Parrptt bldg.: Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeplng-flgures; short
Urns. TARR. exp^ aect.. ISO- Parrott bldg.
MIN1NO school of H. Hlrschlnc. 334 Kearny St..
open; day and eve. classes: chemistry. Uxlva-
tlcn. minemlory. reotogy.' coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanld*. arch.: day. eve.: e»t. ISM.
VAN PER NAILLF.N gCHOOK »« Market.
COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple methods: always, successful;
circulars. 3040 Sixteenth ft. . .
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons. EOc. \V. P. CHAMBERS, !44
Taylor st. ' .
ELOCUTION, physical training, voice culture
for speech. Cnlhoua"* School. CSS Sutter st.
PIANO lessons given at low rates; nsrmonv
and thorough bass also taught. Box 1SSS. Call.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prar-
tlce. Merkl. reliable teacher. 1*3 Mi««inn rt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; dav or eve.: $5 mo. i«f 1 Mission, rr. «»h,
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'9 DAY and
U_^*fZ______________________.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japancse-Chloesa Emp. Office: beat
help fum,; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: teL' Bush STt
JAPANESE and Chinese- help or all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI A CO.. 4S1 Post St.: tsl. Push 113.
• JAPANESE central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1Q4S Sutter: tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce:
b»gt help. 6^ OTarrsll-st.: t»l. Hyd» 31»1.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment- of-
fice; all kinds help. .SIS Stockton; Main E1S1
ABC. EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese.' Japan-
ese h»lp fur, M4 California: phone James K?l.
ORPHEUM Employment -Office—Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 4M Powell. nr.Sutter;tel. Black 6071
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best heir. 411H O'FrreH st.: tel. East 4J«.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER, from thi East, first-claw cut-
ter acd fitter, will co out by th« day: suit
mada In a dar. ltti Polk' st. '
WANTED— By a competent woman, house and
window cleaning by the day. Address Mrs.
J. & G.. iZS Howard st.: phone Folsom 1149.
four bells. ........ . _ . .
WOMAN with a child 3 years old wishes a sit-
uation • to do 'housework: Is. a -good seam-
stress; city or country. 11$ Morris. ave.. off
Bryant.it. ¦. - • - '
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by elderly
German woman; good permanent home mere
object than wages. . Box 1S54. Call offlce. £
BY Intelligent young girl poMesslng a good ed-
ucation^ and some business experience-, t posi-
tion to assist In etne* and learn bookkeeping;
strait salary to begin with.- Box 1O. Call.
GERMAN woman wishes to have work by the
day. washing. « Ironing * or house-cleaning.
I Please call isi Paclnc st.; downstairs. .
[ STRONG, good, willing woman: a great house
j cleaner and can do mest ally kind of work;
good' references; wages $t per day and car-
fare :;sood washer of flannels. Address _
j. Fifth st.. room 4. uiftalra." • "
! A LADY .would like ~ housework where sh«
f- wtrold b* % treated like one of ~th« -family;
L wages $13.. Pox 1O5> Call offlce^ > •;.
i TRAINED nurse wants esgagement: penna-
¦ ; nent pref erred; terms reasonable. Box 1«3«.
(¦, Call offlc*. •¦'"¦ ."¦,-¦.•¦•¦¦•.'. "'.:-' ¦'•» -\- -\/TT!.
I AMERICAN woman wanting position as wrork-
j, lny hocsejeeeper; city or country. 145 7th st.
SITUATION " wanted by 1 competent l.-.f acts*
{¦¦¦- purse. M.;H..- W> Yorfc st. '
WOMAN wants work t— •—> *-r: SJo a dav
i Box ICO. Call .e_«. " T '
EMPLOYMENT WAHTED— FEMALE.
A RESPECTABLE widow wishes a place to do
' light housework and take care of children for
¦ a good home forheraelf and 2 children, aged
9 and 5 years: wage* no object. MRS. B..
. 108H Fell st. ; basement. ' . .
AS 'housekeeper by neat elderly American
woman; u»ed to the care of children; good
cook; wages from $10 to $15. . Call • 130 Te-
hama- at.- ' . . .
A WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
Ing and hougecleanlng. 615 McAllister st.
WANTED— Position us housekeeper by young
. woman. Box 1694, Call offlce.
A RELIABLE woman wishes situation as
chambermaid . in lodging-house. Apply £30
Gough at.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do flrst-
class cooking. Call 2)23 Sacramento st.
A COMPETENT woman who is a good cook
¦ wishes a porttlon In country hotel. Address
. S41 Howard st. ,
RELIABLE woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country. Address 83
¦Third St., room 2.
POSITION as housekeeper in a refined horns by
a woman of ability; best city references. Box
1641. Call office. .;
A LADY with a small Income would like to
have-a home with an. elderly couple: wages
no object. Box-20S9, Call office. Oakland.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman, good cook,
wifhes position In email family to do gen-
eral housework: no postal cards. 263 Third
St.. near Folsom. -' •
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket-200 rooms: 25c to $1 W night. $1 CO to $(
- week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and. from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A' BRANCH office" for Call advertisements and
stiliflcrlptlons has been established at 1096
Vnlencla st. . " .
_ EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.;.
A POSITION' as traveling salesman wanted;
good address; strictly temperate; married;
flrst-class references; a good, live, energetic
huBtler. J. C1;RRY^17O« 14th St.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED law clerk desires position;
stenographer; bookkeeper; admitted to prac-
tice; age 23; or will exchange services for of-
flee rent. Box 16T6, Call offlce. ._ "
ELDERLY French-Swiss desires some more
offices to clean, or other Janitor work; refer-
ences. L. C, IVt Virginia Place, rear.
EXPERIENCED collector. - strictly temperate,
energetic and capable, deelres a position with
law or collection firm. Box 1673, Call of/Ice. !
POSITION wanted by young man, age 29; 5
years' experience In entry receiving and ship-
ping* clerk: willing to do any honest work;
salary moderate. Box 1665. Call offlce.
NURSE and attendant, well recommended,
strictly sober, desires position with Invalid
gentleman; terms moderate. HENRY FICHT-
XKIt. IOCS Mission st.
POSITION wanted; expert bicycle repairer; 10
years' experience. Call 348$ Eighteenth st.
EXPERIENCED and reliable carpenter wishes
position. Rox 16S5, Call office.
EXPERIENCED offlce . man. mercantile and
law, desires position; town or country. Box
16S3. Call offlce.
PAINTER, paperhanger. tlnter: will work pri-
vate or landlords: teferences and 15 years'
experience. -Box 1691. Call offlce.
BUTCHER wants position; city or country;
reliable; competent; best of references. Box
169J. Cnll offlce.
AMERICAN wants situation on ranch or sum-
mer resort; capable of entire charge; wife
good cook. Box 169S. Call office.
COMPETENT, reliable chef would like, sltua-
t!on. hotel or restaurant: flrst-class city ref-
• erencey. Address PETERSON, 615 Larkln.
GROCERY .clerk; 10 years' experience; 6 years
one place; pan buy; could keep books If re-
quired: city or country. Box 1S05. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man. Englishman of good
education, seeks ejr.ploym^nt of any kind:
speaks French Mid German fluently: good
penman; plnln bookkeeper: could take care of
invalid or act as secretary: willing to work
abcut h6u?e or do llsht chores: city or coun-
try. Address box 16S3. Call offlce. •
GENTLEMAN; recent arrival: educated for
physician : with ten years hoap'tal and gen-
eral experience: desires position as nurse or
rompnnlcm to invalid gentlvman. Box 1G39.
Oil offlce.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman:
unJtrst.-ir.ils core of horses; has porter tx-
perience, ard la handy with tools; desires po-
sition. Address H. P., 217 Third »t... Denver
House. .. , * •
VERY reliable and Industrious young man de-
sires a position In some good mercantile
house as stenographer, typewriter and book-
keeper. Address box 1667. Call of flee.
PRACTICAL electrician and automobile man;
thoroughly understands the steam, gasoline
and electric systems... Address box 1612. Call.
FARM hand: a strong and willing Swede,
aged 14, wants position; good milker: handy
with tools; knows now to raise vegetables;
wages no object. Box 1644. Call office.
6TRONO young man of 21 would like work.
painting preferred; used- to climbing. 3019
Fifteenth mt. '
PAINTER and gralner: can do lettering and
striping. Box 16$1. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position to care for
Invalid. Addresa O. W. CLARK. »9 Taylor.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as cook or
housework: $5 up. HENRY. 1606 Jones st.
JAPANESE young boy wants position In fam-
- lly at housework. .TAKA. 1606 Jones st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. KOO Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
Valencia «t. ? .
"-'- F'XAXCIAI*..
2% per month p«la for money: security Al. Ad-
'dress Money, box 1777.' Call office.
___—__. LET>
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan St.. between
McAllister and ¦ Golden Gate. ave. : 5 and 6
rooms and batii:-all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TlTLKT— Lower flat of ? rooms: rent $10. 1003
McAllister st. Apply G.* H. UMBSEN & CO..
. 14 Montgomery st. g
A— *2J: SUNNY flat 8 rooms and bath. 1630
Hayes st.. near Panhandle, .
BAY- WINDOW fiat of I rooms and bath; rent
116. -_4 Clara st. ! • •-,--¦
FLAT ot 7 largo rooms and bath. 134 Sev-
enth st. ' ' . '
GOLDEN GATE. 5*1. opp. Jefferson square-
Seven sunny rooms and bath. $32 SO.-
HILL. S. corner Valencia — Sunny 7-room flat
and bath; rent I3J. ¦
NATOMA. T14— Flat of 4 sunny rooma, yard
and cellar: no children;' rent $10.
OAK. 1701 — Lower flat of 6 rooms; rent reason-
able.
$1S— FIVE rooms, bath, yard, cellar; marine
new. $104 Buchanan tt. *
. FRATHKlt P1I.T.OWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to bavs
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
rF.»THV.R FACTORY. 244 Stevenson «t.
PTIlSITniB FOB SALE.
ELEGANT new furniture of a six-room flat
for eal». Apply 10 to 13 a. m.. 232* Wash-
ington st: . . ¦ -¦
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $43 M. with No J
range. Klag Furniture Co.. 1177-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of'S rooms to sell cheap- no
dealers. 163) Polk St. - ¦
PCRXITUIIE WASTED.
""Auctlon-er— —Vlncent.1305 Larkln: tel. Polk 634-
furniture & furn'd' bouses bought: spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
etc. see W. E. Cody. TiT Mission; teL Red JKlI
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. UC Market st.: tel. JessU 7«L
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
prW for semnd-hand furniture-: t__ ttM 1_4.
HELP . WAXTED-r-FEMALE.
WANTED^-A ; girt to eook and do general
housework : good wages paid : to . a *ul:ae!s
person. Call at Mil Scott st. on Monday
between 18 and 1 o'clock; references required.
A FEW. experienced operators, and also ' girls
s for 'Instruction at the Standard Shirt Fac-
tcry. corner Gough and Grove sts. "
FIRST-CLASS wmlst '. hand for dressmaking
MRS. STACE Y. Jit Stockton . st. , - , -. ¦
GIRL for housework; sleep home; wim |_
UK i Valencia st. V .
WANTED— A .lady, as housekeeper, to take
care of 3 children and m mall house (invalid
Udy ' In coontry). Address bax -. 16T». CalU
WANTED— Flrst-class trimmer for country po-
flUon: only first-class apply. Box IPS. CalL
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $_.
1124 Greenwich st. ,-,
WAN i _i>— Trimmer, ' maker an£ _tr«lartv for
: millinery; stats experience and salary _>
: p4Kted. Apply box 18JX C_l ofCc*
¦'¦'.. '. - , ?
• HJBIjP WAXTJB !>---.••_* A— — .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1«
............ HOTEL DEPARTMENT --••••;"
Head waitress, $40. and 10 waitresses. 120. tor
flrst-class hotel. - sen party here; 2 waitress-
es for Santa Monica. Los Angeles Counts .
$20 and free fare; 3 more waitresses with
uniforms for flrst-class hotel. IM and fare
advanced: waitress for mountain hotel, 1.*}.
fare advanced; 6 waitresses for different
country hotels. $20; 3 won. straight chamber-
maids, south, one-half fare advanced: 10
waitresses, hotels, city. $20; « restaurant
waitresses, city, $.« and $7 a week; 2 res-
taurant waitresses, short distance In. coun-
try, $20; 6 straight chambermaids, city. $17
*°\..!!?. family depar'tment' *::::::::::
Swedish girl for general house, small Ameri-
can family. $30; houseclrl for another _small
American family, short distance $20; house-
J£ S ' C?^ H B A^N"r C O-.. C ft
lshimr- srood steady position for right party.
ASrtf't^ntwdent*. office. Emporium and
Golden Rule -Bazaar. ¦ _.
WANTED-OwvS colored w , oma ", 1 c 7 °^_i a *?'
vate fam'.lr; can have child. 1317 Hyde at. .
GIRL for housework. S In family, wages $15.
Call Monday at iUt Green st.. from 9 to 1-
WANTBD-Glrl to, do cooking. ™**£ ia * "*
downstairs work; must b* good cook. Apply
1600 Fell st. ¦ - \ '¦
WANTED-Operator on pants; must know how
to finish. 2~9tt Mission st
OPERATOP^ on ladles' neckwear and belts
to work in our factory and to take worit
home. BAUEU BROS CO.. 21 Bansome st.
WANTED— Lndy stenographer. Room 628
Emma Epreckels bldg.. Monday » a. m.
WANTED— Young lady stenographer and type-
writer, one willing to work for experience in
office with experienced operator. Apply *".U-
BERT & CO.. ryom 710. Emma Spreckels bldg.
"WANTED— Coat finisher. 24 Hayes St.
DRESSMAKER help wanted. 1207H Bush st.
WANTED— Strong woman nurse to attend help-
less man daytime; 135 monthly: permanent
work. Inquire at SQUIRES' drugstore. North
Berkeley. '* ¦ » . -
WANTED— A wdrnan of tact and refinement;
free from home cares and willing to travel.
Address Commercial, box 1697. -Call office.
YOUNG girl to assist with chlld'ten; ono will-
Ing to go short distance In cpuntry. 13C3
Page «t.. near Lyon. \ '
WANTED— First-class saleslady for an Oak-
land cloak and 'suit store; state references
and where employed. Address box 183$. Call.
WANTED— A good plain cook; 6 In family:
wages JIO per month. Apply 47 Steuart st.,
room 3.
LADIES' to do piecework at home; we furnish
all materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 Monros
¦t.. Chlcago :
LADIES to do needlework at home, making
camples;, material furnished free; nothing to
buy; send stamped envelope for particulars.
Home Industrial Co.. 90 Wabash'ave., Chlcgo.
GIRL to assist general housework: sleep home;
wages JS to $10. 1433 Leavenworth Et.
MCDOWELL'S ls the largest and best con-
ducted school on the coast; the system always
receives highest award whenever in compe-
tition: depot for verfect fitting patterns;
French millinery thoroughly taught; visitors
welcome. 1019 Market st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 41S. Parrott building.
STEADY work for experienced operators on
bar coats; also custom shirts; bands wanted.
36 Geary St.. room 46.
WANTED— Young drl to care for baby; also
girl for bakery. 1205 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Girl to wait at table; no experience
needed. 406 Pacific st.
EXPERIENCED trimmers for millinery: high
wages; steady position. J30 Sixth st.
APPRENTICES with little experience for mil-
linery; will pay while learning. ISO Sixth st.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines ' on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAU.M. WEIL & MICHAEL'S. 521 Mission.
WANTED— An apprentice. S. F. Manufactur-
ing Co.. 409A Turk St.
WANTED — Experienced operators on ladles'
waist?. S. F. Manufacturing Co.. 4C9 Turk.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market st.
OPERATORS on ladle** underwear to work:
In factory. 723 Market St.. room 35. ¦
FINISHERS on coats and pants and operator
on pants.- 511 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WAST 7 A. M. MONDAY
3 machine miners to sink shaft. IS2 SO and
found, see boss here, fare paid
Stableman," country stable $«0
J milkers, same dairy, north, steady job.. $33
Vegetable gardener, south $23
Gardener, , near city $23
Prunera and grafters; 17 orchard and farm
hands $20. $23. $2fi and $30
Choreman- for dairy, near city.. $15 and found
To go. to-day. 10 woodchoppers, post, picket
and tlemakers. tools furnished
Chief coo^*idty^^r.t. : .^^riJ:r. r rr\\.C.I$^to : $«5
Baker, restaurant $4)
Cook. S men, ranch. $13 -.....;.........
MURRAY & READY 634-63S Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEX & c6.'S..Phon» Grant lli
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
All-round .laundryraan. Institution. $33; ironer
and Btarc^er. country laundry, $50; Ironer.
country hotel, «35; cake baker, country. $30;
< bellboys, hotels. S10 and (15; upstairs por-
ter, hotel. *_
Engineer and machinist (single, man) far
hotel plant. $50 and found; distiller and wine
maker. $•¦'•: Scandinavian or German coach-
roan. $30:. t vegetable gardeners. $2$ and S--.3:
buttermaker and milker. $— . C. R. HAS-
" SEN & CO.. IP* Geary Bt.
WANTED— To-day, 5. teamsters. II 75 to $2: S
quarrymen. $1 73; 6 pick and shovel men. city;
tlemaker and woodrhopper. California Em-
ployment Agency. 59 Third st. : phene Red 51.
ONE decorator. • call Sunday 11 a. m.; 1 wood
turner, ! cabinet makers, 1 stair builder;
non-union; no offlce fees. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau.- 410 Kearcy st.
JOURNEYMAN" Barbers' International Union —
Free employment: only recognized union. US
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS, Secretary.
EARN better salary and position; study elec-
tricity, mechanical engineering and drawlns
home by correspondence; thousands success-
ful: T. A. Edison Indorses Institute: book
"Can I Become an Electrical Engineer?" free.
Electrical Engineer Institute. New York.
REXJ ABLE man for private detectlvs work.
Call J. HILDEBRAND. asst. supt. North
American Detective Bureau. £04 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Sensible boy, willing to work, to
drive delivery wagon; must have experience
In grocery line; references. PETERS BROS.
7SS Halght «t. - -
BY established house, scheme or specialty men
to sell attractive salable line; liberal, unique
Inducements to the trade: hustlers and h'jrh-
prtced men Investigate. C R. COOK, tl W.
Atwater st.. Detroit. Mich.
EXPERIENCED, cutter on men's casstaere
pants. Standard Shirt Factory. Gough and
Grove sts. ' . ' '. .• . ¦ .
BARTENDER: sober and steady ' man. Can-
teen, corner Greenwich and Lyon sts.
BRIGHT men ot good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between S and
» a. m. at* 302 Post st. \ t* '¦¦'.'%
STRONG boy wanted. CaU between 9 and 12
Sunday morning. 131 Second st.
WANTED— A bright boy 15 years old to learn
a good trade. C J. HARRIS. 13 Trinity st..
between Kearny and Montgomery.
¦WANTED — A -*nt!*man to Interview selected
Individuals with a view to securing 1 their In-
terest , In Japanese «tt; artists with, leisure
preferred. & Market St.. room i. ' -'-.¦
WANTED-A single man. about id years of
age. who understands the care cf horsa aad
can drive.. Apply W Valencia st.
BOY who has some knowledge of stenography
and ty-Rewritlug; *ig« $*$ per month. Box
WANTED— Party- as partner la city acd coun-
try business; part of time; f_»n carlUl
needed. Box 1M*. Call office. Jf |
TAILORS totake home to m_> custom-made !
blcuse*. - 2S_ Greenwich st.
WANTED— 10 gcod teamster*! Arnlv ra j~
O-SRSA.- Seventeenth and Verawnt sta.
WANTED—Ber about 1$ to attend hat room
App^ FOSTER'S Ds-diie SchooU 1_S _J
*£?£?&£* t0 lg v ««-~ss_
GOVERNMENT positions; - thcosasds of «i>-~
PpinunetMs made from dvll service ex_al_»I
tlocs be heM every where. March andAcrU-
eatalccue free. Columbian Corresronde=c*
College. Washington. P. C_ orrg *g° adeg< *
PERSON to . travel for eld established
house; na canvassing reqelred; salary fS
* expenses; inck»« felf -addressed s'.aap^j
envelope, _anager._3 Caxtoa bld-f.. CM_Vi
______________@^^^_^_9______
. H-SI>y WA5T3D — MALR.
EXPERI^TCED mtlk wagon driver: r-fer-
ences. 1037 Valencia st.. call after 1 p. ra.
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists \ and elec-
tricians— J»ew 40-page pamphlet o< questions
asked by examining beard of engineers; free
G. A. ZELLER. publisher. St. Louts. — o.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians. tetc; fr?s
scholarship In engineering awardel to few
well recommended applicants. American
School of Correspondence. Boston. Xass.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and pu-V
good opportunity to right man. F. BERSON
room <12> Parrott building. (
TVANTEr>—Teacher of assaying, analysis O f
ore. cyanide, etc.. several hours a day; stats
qualifications. Address box 18S3. CaE otflc».
IMMEDIATELY; three young men of gr>o<S a^.
dress for city and country work; liberal sal-
ary. Call 39 Columbian building, city.;
BARBERS: good paying J-chalr shop-, pries
1150; trial given. Apply C2 Fourth st. _^
UNDERPRESSERS on coats and vests. BE-
LASCO A HARRIS CO.. Ml Market st.
GET your "hoes half-soled while waitlnj: K«
to SOc. £63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d its.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of «oo4
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over I feet
1 inch, in height: able to read, write and
• peak English. • For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlcs. 40 Kills
st.. San Francisco. Cal.»
"WANTED— A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman In furniture and carpets: star >
references, where last employed, salary ex-
pected imJ age; applications will not b« con-
sidered which do not contain this Information
complete. Address R. F. B.. pot 1637. CaU.
WANTED-A bright young man. IS to 20 y*ar«
of ag©. to act as bill clerk and assistant
bookkeeper; one with som» experience pre-
ferred; small salary to commence with;
chance for advancement. Address box 1CT,
Call office.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how yg» teach
the barber trade rn two months, saving two
years: mailed free; we have no 60 shoo ta
connection with cur college. Holer's Barber
College. «35 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 117 Third ft.; 150 Urs»
rooms; tie per night: tl to 13 per week. .
FIRST-CLASS downtown barber shop running
several chairs; bargain. t». STOLTZ i3i
Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hal£
price. E63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, blaefc-mith. seamen * green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN' S. 28 ateuart.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition la
San Francisco Bart>er School. 741A Howard.
"WANTED— ICO men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
Me. Boston House. 920 Howard St.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old rellabU
firm. 80S Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: TOO rooms. 3Sc. night: reading- rooms; fr»»
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements »: 1
subscriptions has been established at VSi
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The. "Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any addresa In t!t«
United States or Canada on* year lor SI;
postage paid.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for tale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
tn Sixth st.: auction sales every "Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOTLK. Auctioneers.
FOR Sale— At ECLIPSE STABLE. «75 Eddy
St.. 3 road horses, 1 road team. 1 bay earrlag*
horse. 17 hands; also wagon and business
horses.
S. F. VETERINART College- wtll commence Its
td session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
If. L. Pancoast. tec. S10 Golden Gat* »»•.
A NEW pneumatic- tired road buggy. DR. L.
KRAKER, veterinary dentist. 164 Golden
Gate ave.. corner Leavenworth st.
STYLISH driving hors« and cart; lady can
drive. 131 1 Mason «t.
SECOND-HAND physicians' rubb»r-tlr» buggy
and adjustable seat trap. O'BRIEN'S. SOD
Golden Gate ave.
THREE fast road horses; also som* good
business horses at 721 Howard st.
A— 199 SETTS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, corse*. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
campfng wagon, for — 1# ehe*p. 133 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1932. near Laguna— Eight rooms.
bath, laundry; marine view; rent $45.
FILBERT, 1225— House. 7 rooms, bath: larj*
suony yard; rent $17; water free.
HOUSE of 8 rooms. and bath;. large yard; cheap
rent. _51 Mission st.
NICELY furnished modern fcouia; downtown
location; 11 rooms and bath: low rent. Apply
SPECK _ CO.. t£T Markt St.
STEVEN3ON. 273— Furnished hous* oi •
rooms. ¦
HOPSE C__A.XI3TQ.
JAPANESE Hou«« Cleaning Co.. «stab. It9*:
reTTxryod tt» 41* T>eTi«»«<ero «t.. t«1. F»U 1W.
INVALID FURNITURE.
INVALID furniture and appliances; sate or rent:
T*. GOODBAN 1 . 1117 Van Ne_ w/re... nr. Post st-
" ' _OST A3fD FOUND.
LOST— Bright bay hcr««; Roman nos-»: about
11' 4 bands high; rare top trimmed; hitched ta
a spiral sprtns; business buggy, red runaing
rear, black body. Return b> DeTlsadero-
¦treet Stables and receive liberal roward.
LOST— A passbook with th« Hibersta Savi-sgs
and Loan Society of San Francisco In to*
name of EMMA BRADFORD. No. J37-M1.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— <Dn* buggy cushion oa Post at., from
runaway horse. Return to Nolan's stable.
California st.. between Polk and Vaa Ne_.
and receive reward.
VERY imall black and tan dec with cars •
"Dewev" on collar: aluminum chain attached.
Return to SCO Devlsadero St.; racelvv rawar—
FEBRUARY _tiu left to ladles' parlor- of
Emporium, purse containing money and go_
watch. Return to offica of __pcrt_a and re-
ceive liberal reward.
LOST— Certificate No. t_ for SO sh_-_ Ocet-
dental Oil Co. Return ta —3 Fourth, *-:
rewmr—
LOST— vrii'i» iox terrier dog; ha!r cut back vt
shoulders: J3 reward. 1321 Pag* st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbemla Savings
and Loaa Society of Saa Francisco, la th*
name of ANNIE DOYLE: No. 173- L_ 1 Tn*
finder wKI pl»ase return to bank.
LOST— A goid-hesded cane on Commercial be-
tween Drumm and Davis; liberal reward. XT
C_nme.rc— 1 »t.
Wasted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nol:o.
jeweler. iH O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, "liver, dtamonds and precious stones
bo-arht. J. R. JEXKP> »17 Market St.
MITRI.MOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to> marry wealthy ladle*
send 10c tor list; oldest reliable agency: con-
fidential. MRS. HERTZ. «5« Ellis st: teL
Larkla »4*.
MARRIAGE bureau.; esi. 1ST?; reliable; con-
HJentlal lists. IJc. 33 Keamy st.. rms. S-4.
.MATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and cpholstery; teL Soutb T?3-
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleanins;: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. PS-O El-rrenth St.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1_3 ilarket. th« w»U-
no . wa^ a<tle "' sae—allsts; _ years' practice:
perfectly reUabie: a pc-itiv. cars guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return sa_<»
day; these wishing t» treat thems-hres should
*jnd far the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT: a sore core; gives Instant relief: barm -
Ieg s: »5t cb« can nse It: stamp for clrcn— j.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-kno^n expert on
c!seis»s of women, has returned from Eu-
rope: a treatment maraateed to giv» Instant
relief for any ailment: smle and reliable: H
I rears In Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced In
I B. T. sine* 1JS4; maternity home; fe« lew.
i 1CC7H MarXet street, rear Flxtb.
, DR. G. W. CDONNELU moved to 19tS Market.
: c>ppl 3th: world-ren<nmed ladies* specialist:
safe, reliable; practtceoi In Pan Francisco for
years; treated thousands o; cases snccessfnlly:
treatment can be t»ed at fcoci-: e«i?al_tt»a
free. After all ethers fall call en bin.
MRS. DR. KOHL. fZ Market st.. cor. Sixth—
Eui9 t-J rellabl? ladles" physician: S >ej;V
roccessful practice; positive ccr* guaranteed;
whea others fail ccnsu!t tn*.
MRS. DR. WTETH. retUble specialist: _ yr»"
¦ticcessral »nitUf»: gnaraatecd tr»atrrs-nt at
of!".c»: aay ailment: t>oin« trr r«jle~t«; een-
snlt tree. H2 Pest «.. bet. Hyd* aad t_rk!a.
MRS. . DR. ALLEV— R*_OTe-J to UU Mirk**.
N»t- Tavlgr acd Mason; ta-ileV j»t>»ctall-«t.
>tl5CKLL.V>F.Ol's W.ajfXS.
LADITS* and gents' cast-cS elo_ln; bocsat _
aotd. SIlTexssaa. JJt FoXsom; teL Folsoa X3X,For Additional Classified Advertise-
J ments See Page Thixt/.
•THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
29
MINES A-M> MIXING. . .
iioNTEZTMA COPPER STOCKS bare — !n-
<Te*uM** In * alue 100 yer cent since we placed
them on ifce market a ahcrt **-_• . ago. A
-:-iUir or icreater inerea.s« win follo-re- in the
next, few noatfcs. While -work Is being act-
•veJy pushed now the fon*»» will be- doubled
*a<J ia the sprang -md summer.
and it wtl" not t-e lnr.g uaril the .MotUezuma
M-r.tEj- CuTirtsny will 6 Mp «?e. or. better yet.
smelt It *' the mines. T3iat means dividend*.
.It 4fc our belief Mcr.tezu*-na chares will pay
more in dividend* during the next Sen- years
ar.d for j-a"» to ootne than any oth»?r mining
stock on the coast. Other etockhol d«rs. big
¦r.4 little, fhar» our opinion for the following
reasons: » - - .
The U»terun3» Company owns and con-
trols 24 valuable copper properties in the
Cascade Xlange. f" miles from TaotKna. The
mines a^e permanent fixture veins and can
I* worked chicfiy tiT^oufih dralnapf tunnels,
thus dispensing witii . expensive nochlnery.
There :t ami>> rapp!>- of timber, cttii, water
and lirrf. The ores, are sample pyrt^ic. easily 1
undter^d s.Tid concent ratafd. The Montezuma
has no debt*, no n»>rtfra.,Te» and Us manage-
ment represents the highest character in the
Stare rf Wash'.njrton. t ruder the laws of that
Btate "he ftock Is ncn-aese«sable. Numerous
assay* ehow unifoj^aly high percentages of
copper, with encu-sn silver to pay for work-
lr.e. Ten «f«ij s gU" average value of *61 22
r*,- t'-n. Five itcavn Five average value of
*:*.
Sto-khc'.fler* will fhar* In the profits from I
ISM ;. r-f-s of val'iabV- loal lands recestly ac-
Q::ir>1 by the corrpany. '
Pa- tains of stock. R. r»ar!ri*-r February It
'.*. offered at Tc f-ar^ ar.d 8c on installments.
Ar.r-her advance ori*>red March 1.
L»* us send JOT prospectus and other
rnnted matte* lue-rtoC on the great copper
T§B*AlIEBlCA2e GrtARANTT A TRUST
CC Pftirg "aA HO Safe Deposit build-
ing." Pan Fran*: »co.
and oil ccrnpsnies. Prof -Vfcn Ttlton. 4.5-
476. 4th f>T. Parrot Mac • 10-12- l-»- __,
MISCELLAiWEOVS FOR SALg>
•row. 3tt-a ft. oap-cttj . i Goodafl &
lumber plar.er. (,y"-<: tatf* rri-der ***¦*
ls-.be; upright bonne B"*2Sj_!?-ffil_? j
table. poUy. Style l>cr<.r; jointer, bead h«-
cutoff and rlP sa-v*.; t*?«"? >^£_--Ssi car4
rr.a-hlTi-ry. Art^y to C W. rH_H<-iH&t>. care
P. A. CueU. BtoCTtoii. CM. *- '-'¦-_
BARS, back barsTSirr^rs. enowca* es couBterji.
linoleum, new B.cd seccad-her.d: *»e_ ft^ y *
tare a large Mock of Fa'.oon <-¦ -rHs on r-ana.
£2 complete outfit* on one Soer ready in*<Je.
we can efcip evemr.ir.** la SI «»¦«•¦ J -
NOONAN. 101T. UO», ICO. «O 2£:s»lon st.
above Sixth: write for csta'.6Qiie- j
BUT a krar.d-new tj-rewnter for JS down and j
$5 per raonth; write for catalogue and prtoa.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4M> California
«t; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A RARE chance for n* weeper tr.en; complete
outfit Daily Report; Hoe Pt-Sta. stereo rui-
chJnery. tyi>«. material*", new motors. HAJ- j
•WEN-PWAIN MFG. CO.. *:i3 Bpear at. ....--' j
A PCOTT perfect lrx prets, 4-S rac?:
u«d bv Examine?: $W HAJOWEK-SWAIN
MFG. CO.. 21S Fi-^ar Ft.
A FINE "U C Smith" Ehell ejecter 12-bore
fhot-jun, $3S. UNCLE H ARRIS.. U Grant »*•.
IK'HESTIC sewing tr.arfclne: T dr.. plated; _al-
mort new; cheap. ;••:"• Mifflftn. near j
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-fc*Tvl. all makes, at low j
f-rarets. U & M, ALEXANDER. 1*0 Moatgy.
Cam-Cine or distillate orpine?, r** &M 21-har.d;
all t'.zer: •juaranfed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxorr.e.
"PXX' KEET 1-lnch rif*. t'.Z"; Triy laundry ex-
tractor. $T5. TAYLOR. 6M Brush. OaXland.
THIRTT 5-ft. en-eraU bath tubx at a tar-
galn. 204 M^Fion Ft., n^ar Main.
A— BUYS. e«lts or rents -rear machinery, en-
rlces. boilers, water pipes, ehaftlns pulleys,
era. VTHITELAW*. ::6 gpear st.
EEAUTIFTL English inter s?&nM pups. «
weeks old; white a"..l liver and Mack and
white. Apply 760A Harrison Bt.
FINE Ho'slein cow, cbickef.p, p'.cerns. Bcl-
p;an hares and fine rocksway for sale cheap.
Ten Central ave., Webster station. Alameda.
2<" H.-P. D. C. ZV> volt ¦West'r.jrhouse. motor
for eale or exchange for any other machin-
ery. B«?X 1647. Call office.
A-23-TON Howe w&ron scale; compound
beam. Apply at t!6 California et.
40<\<**O hard second-hand brick*: Baldwin elte.
Apply on remise*: JOHN MOORE.
FOX t*>rrier cheap: finely bred and marked.
:<3 Ferry ft., off Point Lobof.
CANARY bird*, males and females, also "Htr-
t*-t Rollers." at LOHMAX.VS, 3168 16th gt.
FYV"R ,-. ¦ 1 carpets cheap: no dealers. Address*
K. C. LiTTLK, room C. _ 405 Montgomery eL
FOR Fa*«- — Burglar-proof safe. 526 dlls st.
A 15 AIS'D 2S H. P. bcl'er: S H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 1S5 Bea:e Et.
KtnST-CLASS eecond-hand csodern enrlnei an4
boilers bou-rht and ml.-J. KROGH UFO. Co.
::.-HANi' (team, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and fold. White. £16 Mission.
PliOTOGRAPHIC and matfe lantern goods
beneht. sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery st
KAFEF— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MA.VX FAKE CO.. 417-42J Sacramento «t-
JiAGIC lactern*". new and id-hand moving*
ricttireg nULLARD & ERECK. 1S1 Post st.
SAFES— NVw end eeccr.d-hand: all -rlzes. THE
WAI.T7 i=*i~K. T'S-tii M-irVer «t Pun F'an
MO.VUY TO LOAJV.
A— MONET to loan at rates which peoole can
efTord to pay en furniture, planoc. etc.; do
rut borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better f&tisSed; no delay; no
r'-blicity. Rooms 8 and 10. 905 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; < per cent; Qnt,
second mcrtgaireff. estate? In probate. Interest
:n estatf-s. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
rr.ort?are» and **curitres. • Room IS. 1st flocr.
Chrcr.ic:e bul5<!lr.-r. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
frage*. undivided interest. resJ .estate In pro-
bate; mcrtBrge* ar.d legacies bought; no de-
lay; pet my term* before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
HIGHLY respectable, private place ta obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
e5t rtte*-. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 ilarket
ft.; te!. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third st.
A— *£00.f"00 ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortcajres: notes and eo'lat-
erls. " J. BP.OWSSTONE. 11 Montgomery St.
LOWEST rate* en rurniture. etc.. by private
party; r.o removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S.' Conservatory bid*.. 3C1 Jones.
M<"ST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watefces. Jewelry- W. J- HE^THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
CN" furniture, pianos; no removal: money
age; reliable party. 1170 Market rt.. room C8.
STONEY lDas««l salaried pet^'e without security.
HILL. nn. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
Si 00, 003 TO loan en real estate or for building';
low rate. Horn* Bldfr. Co.. 22 f-ansome. nn. 2.
LOAXS. 1st or 2d rote**: city, coustry: 6%. undl-
viAed lnts.: estate?. HARPER.2137 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on -salaries: New York pH.n- THE
TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan en farutture by privte party;
low rate. $17 Market st.. room 1.
CAEH loaned tt> ealarfed people en note without
lndorser. MORPJSLL, C0» Examiner building.
TO raJaried people without collateral or ln-
¦lor-^er. S. P. T>ltsrrmnt Are— — 143 Phelan big.
WLSICAL L\STUCJIENT9.
T1IC MauvaJs Music Co.. a*r*r.ts for the cele-
brated I >•- -ke r .v- Son pianos, have Just re-
ceived another carload of these beautiful In-
struments. The greatest variety in styles of
(iiif a»d woods can be seen and persons de-
»:r.'r.c to select one cf these nioet perfect
piano** should call early. Wareroom, 7Ci» Mar-
ket tt.
WE have in «»ck a complete a*i»ortm«nt of
Smith & Barnes,- Baumeister. Willard and
Arlington pianos for these who desire a good
reliable lni*lruir!<*nt. but do not care to pay
the price of a Decker. To.eJl such we give
the privilege of exchanging for a Decker at
any time by paylns the difference without
joss We «e!l oa rv.vTr.er.tt with low Interest
If It is desired. MAUVAXS MUSIC CO.. 7CJ
Market et. .- ¦ '
XbSOLUTKLY the oldest and largest hou.-te
west of Ctrfcxro 1« KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
2» and 30 OTarrell St.: pianos.- organs and
ail other musical instruments of all grades
and price* ; terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thicg poMtble done to please and satisfy the
customer^ '
A EONA-FIDE cleaning out removal -sale of
¦rcor.d-haad pianos at low auction prices. f20
up (this week. orJ>). . WILSO1TS Storage, 1710
Market «t. -
WHY second-hand piane? JIM will buy new
one. W. C. HAMILTON, t Flood building.
WANTED— Klve good equare pianos for coua-
try rehools. HYnON MAfZY. 8W Post st.
PaKTY •jcinp East must sacrifice fine standard
make upright pHtno. 2J4 Go\4ea Git* ave.
illCH-GnADE ciano«: Steck. Hardman^ Con-
oter end others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 31* Po»t-
BARGAirc— Muct be nold; nice uprt*?ht piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAlUeter st.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY n*w grand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. SK McAllister.
nYRON MAt;zY. agency Bohmer & Co.. Byroa
-taozy. Gabler and 8*>eilmaa inancs. 308 Post.
aiUSICAX. INSTRUMENTS.
A niff BARGAIX I4ST.-. » -....,
1475 Ccnover for .# -JMO
T4SO Standard for... :s»
J4CO Curtaz for — 270
JJ2S Curtas for .*. 265
ISSO Sterling .lor «. 235
$300 Wellington for.... 215-
Schiedroayer. I1S0; Wesley & Co.. 1175; Sher-
wood & Sons, J1C5; Gatncr, J150; H&tnes Bros.,
iUO; Hallett & Darts, |E5; Checkering square,
*.o. Some are new, sotae second-hand, air In
the finest condition, tiiey payments or for
cash. BENJ. CL'RTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell
St.. ChUkerlng agency. Also the "Apollo."
eelf-player. latest and best.
ANY person having- use for & piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'« with
easiest payment*, lowest . prices; and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Kach the beet
of their grade, from Stetmvay down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a nev- Stelnway any -time
within three years frofci date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights' uedd for JC cash and
*€ per month. We offer to sell some good
fi* v? 1 J?. r JS> ** ,55 d W-P**" month. SHER.
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Butter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land. . . . •
AT wholesale— 100 new pianos till Marco L
1128 ur>. Greatest offer ever made la San
Francisco in prious and terms.
1 Steinway. all uprights ....$U8
1 Norella _, «<>
1 Ilallet & Davis 459
1 Halnes ..».. ,. 143
1 Chickering - 241
We handle all moZces. Agents for some of
theoldest pianos In existence— Hallet & Davis
Behr Broe., Jewett. etc.: agents wanted!
HEINE PIANO COMPANY, 217 Geary st.
ON sale— Stelnway uprtfht. $200. 217 Geary at.,
room 36.
PIANOS from $23 up; squares and uprights:
each or Installments. DEWING CO 12
Flood building. '
SPECIAL SALE— Immense reductions; gee our
leader, only S160. BRDENN, 20S Post st.
AT KEEFTETS. S33 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price, Shoninger agency.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos, U per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n«w. H.
MI'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac>.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
X FINE stand for coffee and lunch house; very
cntrally located; near new City Hall. Apply
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON A CO.. U City
Hall fjuare.
CORNER «ore — 'West corner Fourth and Pernr
sts. • occupied as trrocery and bar for past SO
rears: rent $20: water free*. Apply to O. H.
U M BS EX & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
TWO nice stores with living rooms, either
Fuitab'.e for flr>rlet or bakery; near a transfer
comer; Sixteenth and Mission Ets. : rent rea-
sonable. Key at l»40 Mission st. ,
S1v>tLB and basement to lease on Grant are.,
reaV Geary M. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. SO
Moctgotr.ery et. ¦ _
BUTTER. SIF— -Offices of late Dr. Beverly Cole;
furnished suitable for two physician*.
TO L«t— Store and fixtures for sale, 22S ElUa
street.
CHEAP, light offlcM. Emma Spreckels build-
ing. 327 Market tt.
OIL..
j DO you want to make money In oil? Here Is
i your opportunity. I offer you a ground floor
I proposition for a few days only In solid
company that controls over 450 acres In the
1 famous " Punwt district. Now has 200-barrel
i veil. Limited number of share* at 15 cents.
you rr.uFt act at once, as this proposition will
pocn be taken up. C. F. MOORE, 835 Mar-
ket et.. room <¦ ! '
OXLT $200 needed to make a fortune In oil:
syndicate now forming; get In on ground
fW)r; don't delay; It means the chance of a
life time Particulars freely rrren at 1005
Valencia st.. before 1:30 p. m. dally.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. J30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL BXCHANGB.
Country correspondence solicited.
j OIL companies promoted, financed. Incorporat-
ed; have clients with Al propositions. PERCY
E. FULLER, Any., room L9J. Parrott bldg.
OIL LANDS FOR SALD.
KERN P-lver: proven territory: line of R. R.
JCewton. Carmen A Somes, r. 1M. Chronicle.
PAINTERS A>D DECORATOIIS.
Wall paper, window chades; rooms papered, SI
up. Jensen A Bath. 30S Sixth: open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, »15
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PATEATS AND PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
HIGHLY connected, cultured gentleman of
means with liberal Income desires to meet
lady similarly situated with view to matri-
mony, write full particulars In first letter;
triflers ignored; all correspondence conflden-
tlal. Address box 16S1. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 32 years, of lnvtntlve turn of
mind, mechanical and electrical engineer, de-
Slres the acquaintance of a lady of some
means; object matrimony If congenial; corre-
spondence Inviolate. Address box 1874. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman with means desires
the acquaintance of a respectable working
girl- with some meajis; object .matrimony.
Address box 1S01. Call office. '
RESPECTABLE gentleman, aged 40. with
good position, wishes to correspond with
honest working girl or widow; object matri-
mony. Box 169*. Call office.
BUSINESS man with means wishes the ac-
quaintance of an honorable lady; object mat-
rimony. Box 1679, Call office.
MRS KATE WEIRS— Please call at 28 Sixth
Et. MRS. E. WILMORE.
FOR adoption; healthy brunette boy and pret-
ty blue-eyed girl baby; also attractive boy
S months old, with dark, curly hair; only
responsible parties need apply. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1418 Eighth St.. Alamcda.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color,
cure dandruff and Itching scalp, stop falling
and grow new hair. If your druggist or hair-
dresser cannot supply you, call at 656 Geary
8t, or 305 Larkln et. Do not be persuaded to
take any ether; there Is none so good. The
6ter Remedy Co.. Ban Francisco.
IF you want to be successful In all your affairs
and bring health, happiness, love and all that
• Is jtood within your reach, you must learn
how to Influence people: I will teach you
how. MRS. VALEEN. 215 Leavenworth St.
PROFESSOR MERGEN'S Mineral Oil and
Salve for cure- of all chronic diseases for sale
by all druggists; consultation had at 122S
Market st., rooms 8 and I.
LADIES — Secret to enlarge bust 6 Inches free;
cannot Injure moet delicate. Leonard Medi-
cine Co.. Kansas City, Kans.
DEAFNESS cured or.no pay. C. ROWAN,
Milwaukee, Wls.
GRAY hair restored in one application; dark
only; trial free. 4€7 Bryant St., cor. Third.
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEAHCE. 7tt Sixth aye.. Richmond District.
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
menials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121 ;
West Forty-seccnd st, N. T.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
' years' experience. J. B. RAT, 3S7 Jessl* st.
EPECIAL sale, II port and sherry, We Mon-
arch Wine Agency. 1516 Market; send postal.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" efflce. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.'
A-13 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 7B. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 130 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits, 110: dress pants. {2 76. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 431 Montgomery st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
ICo to U M per night; fl GO to $6 per week;
free 'bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1210-131! Stockton st;, near Broadway.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fln-
Uhlng tt. models made. A. Graff. 19 Stevenson.
BUPERFLUdl'S hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. IU» Butter st.
MASQUERADE! costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 781 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint. tn« best
corn cure; 2Sc; all druggists. -
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: II: at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SJBRGEOKfS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1CZ1H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb . doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: fee
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL BSTATK— CITY?— g»OR -8A1JB.;'
.G."H."yMBSEx""& IJ c6". !7T! ! ?
Real Estate Agents, . ....'"*'
• ¦' .,... .1* Montgomery _ 8treet.
,$11, ECO — Business property; fine corner on Sev-
enth st., close to. Mission, renting for.
. m per month. «
$3700— Nice large lot and cottage of 7 rooms
and bath on Greenwich St., close to
Powell; lot 43x93 feet; mortgage of $3000
on this property can remain. If desired.
$5000— Double house on Bryant at., close to
Fourth, renting for 187 per' month; lot
aoxso. •¦ - ¦—.'•'
$4100— Fine grocery corner In the Mission of
store and 4 rooms and small store In
rear,- renting low at $30 j per month;
Sroperty Is in good order; brick fcun-
atton, etc.; mortgage of $2000 canre-
wain If desired; lot 26x100.
$3700— Two cozy bay-window flats of 4 and 5
. rooms and bath each on Leavenworth
St.. near Greenwich; has a fine marine
view; sun all day; lot 25 ft. front;
present mortgage of flOCO can remain
If desired. — ' -• . .. - .-:
$3500— Make an offer; 2 nice flats and cottage
. on small street In rev; near Green-
• wich 'and Flllmore ets.;. flats contain E
and 6 rooms each and cottage 4 rooms;
lot 37:6x120 to rear street; rents $33 per
month; part cash.
$3300— Bay-window house of 9 rooms and bath,
on Larkln st., nenr Lombard; mortgage
of $2200 at 6vper cent In a bank can
remain if desired;. lot 25x105:9.
?1200— Two nice tenements of 4 rooms each.
In South San Francisco; -rents '$16 per
month; lot 20x100.
$1800— Two flats on Montgomery st., near Fil-
bert; contains 4 rooms; rents $18. per
month; present mortgage of $1009 can
remain: muet be sold. . .'
**500— Near Third and Mission sts.: 5 tene-
„„. ments. always rented; lot 25x75.
$»00— Rents (43 per month; 6 flats on Na-
_ Joma st. •
HOOO-JTJiree cosy flats on Guy place, sear
.. First and Harrison sts.; rents $42 per
««« 2? onth : lot 25x70. .
$l«oo-Bay. window cottage of 5 rooms and
f^th on McAllister St.. near the Park;
lot 25 ft. front; will arrange monthly
„.„ riyments If desired.
$«00-Part cash; 2-story house on Clay et..
close to Deviiadero; contains 8 rooms
"J 1 . **«»: lot 27:6x187:6-: must b« sold;
will t>e on the market for a short time
$8100— Rents $21 per month; 2 flats of 6 rooms
¦ . w ,«°?J rreat * ve > Dear Twenty-alxth;
•«aa iSl. 25x i 20 - ¦ ¦ *
•^w-Two-story house on the sundy side of
»J^ tfT 8t - : Btor » and rooms below
r^». U £S er « flat of 7 "x 3 ™ 8 and bath;
iifWA_u *" ? per 'aonth; lot 25x100. ?. ¦
WOOO-House and lot on Webster st. close to
«-lay. house contains « rooms; lot 2Jx3O;
Sn « W , O ',i aW ln th * Hlbernla Bank
can remain If deelred.
ZS^cTntsT**' 1 Map t *"** n Fr &« 1 s«> County.
«£%? 1^ te —* ~* of
Call and obtain one of our "R«al Tv»«t«
O.. H. CMBSE.V A CO..
; 14 Montgomery et.
¦ LTON & HOAO...: . # • —
- 114 Montgomery street!
* 2S0 °~^T -»?: fl^^tment on Norfolk,
cioee to Folsom and llthi" I flats- an
t7 000-?Tne ed m^ Ull(llnr °, n!jr JeSoM?
»7.000-Fln« modern residence on Laurel, near
Clay; containing 9 rooms and bath and
-*", convie plences: splendid marine Tvl.w;
l3e0ft_.^t I>O «i On ° f Pr *»» a «<> Heights. '
' p!S' , I3 S per month : 2 fln« flat, on
Broderlck eL. containing 5 and 6 rooms.
oath, etc.
$«.50O— 2 modern flats, facing Park Panhandle
containing t and 7 rooms and bath-
« <«A_£f nt8 $ "£ : m o rt K»*e of $3500 can remain.'
$5.25©-Very cheap; 8 large new flats, near
« «« S d * nd .. v aJ 8110 '* »t* : all rented for $M.
$2,000-Rents $24; corner of Broadway, close
to a.ason: pood investment. . consisting
„ „»_ ° f } roortgag* of $9000 can remaliL
$3.000— Splendid residence on Leavenworth st.
containing 8 large rooms, finished base-
ment, bath, etc.; lot SixlOO; near Sacra-
mento st.
V.600— Rents $70 per . month: handsome new
flats In best portion of Park Panhandle
district containing « and 7 rooms; lat-
est sanitary plumbing.
W.C00— Fine modern residence on Col« st.. only
ehort distance from Park, containing 9
...~~ rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
$12.000— Pars over 10 per cent; splendid corner
Investment; close to Park; 4 expensively
built flats; new; all rented; lot 60 feet
front by good depth; rent $108.
LTOX & HOAO.
; 114 Montgomery street,
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOMES.
~2z BEAUTIFUL NEW HOMJ5&
On Easy Terms i..Basy Terms.
$2?W to $3200— The Real Instate and Develop-
ment Company are building U houses for oale
at actual cost. In order to Improve surrounding
. proi*rty owned by them. S\x of them ara al-
i ready Fold. Don't you buy a home- without see-
. ing these. The houses are Just being finished
. and are ready for Inspection.
Prices— 6 rooms and bath ...42750
6 rooms and bath »50
. 7 rooms and bath 22C0
' « Terms — Jeo ° caah : balance ln small monthly
- Installments; Interest 6 per cent only <ra unpaid
- balance — (rrowlng less each month.
Remember— Houses are finished with all the
latest Improvements— porcelain tubs open
• plumbing, wired for electric lights, comblna-
f tion fixtures, gas and electric; gas, water and
t sewer connections made, stationary washtubs.
; Lot 25x100. Street work done. Fine view.
See the property at once. Tou will never
rave another chance to buy a home at ccet
- price on easy terms. Take Elghth-Bt. electric
1 Hoe (Marke t-st. cars transfer) and get off at
- Missouri and Eighteenth ets. (12 minutes' rldo
e from Market Et.). Five agents on the ground
- to-day to enow houses. Last Sunday there
; were many people to inspect vtha property.
8 There will be a much larger crowd to-day
, Remember— Six of these houses have already
been sold on easy terms. There are only flve
" now left. Better see them to-day.
. LYOX & HOAO. 114 Montgomery bL
I MADISON & BURKE. .- i'JL
¦ Established January, 1S68
..Real Rstate Agents,
Full charge taken of property,
62S Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
$2200— Two nice flats; Broadway, nw Jones;
rent IIS; this is ln good condition.
$5900 — Post St.. near Baker; lot and lmprove-
3 ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; musi be sold to
close estate.
$6500— Pine St.; near Bcott; 2 flats; rents
" $57 B0; lot 25x137:6.
f '¦ $7000—3 flats: near and "Webster:
y well rented; lot 25x90. - ?-v
Liundry building with t flowing wells of At
water, • tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
" lino of Lombard St., between Flllmore and
,' Steinert also lot - 152x120 on Chestnut . et. ¦¦ ln
• rear: rents $73 per month; must be sold on ac-
5 count of non-residence. , -
Hush-tt. eprner, near Keamy; lot 80x70. with
Y largo, substantial buildings; rents' $230 per
0 month.
e Mleslon-st. bargain, near Twelfth;. large lot;
new Improvements, store and fiats; rent $110;
; price $13,000.
J $10,500— Fine -vacant property; lot 37:6x90,
¦ with 2 corners: Taylor and Greenwich sts.;
1 Just the place for a grocery.
1 $S00O^-An elegant north corner ln the Presidio
Heights district; 6Gx*0; this is choice prop-
¦ erty and very cheap. - : .
$6500— Bush st., near Webster; 8 rooms' and
; bath; elegantly finished Interior; 27x100.. ¦>
• $7000— Harriet st.. near Hcwaril; lot 60x75,
holding frontage to Sixth st. ; rent $3C.
$18,000 — An elegant marine view house. In th*
' best of condition; will take' a smaller house
for part pay If not too far out.
Butter St., corner of Buchanan; 35x87:6; only
ISOOO. . .MADISON & BURKE. 826 Market St.
- VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
t - 513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$20, CW — Corner on Montgomery- ave. ; stores
1 and lodging-house; rents $176 60.
$18,000— Broadway.' near Mason; 84:4^x137:6;
. S new flats and rear house; rents $145.
$13,500— Corner Steiner and Waller sts,; 48x81;
- store and 2 flats: rents $CS 80.
> $12,000 ; -Union. St., near: Taylor; 25:9x128:9; S
> modern flats and rear house; rents $99 50.
t $6000— Lombard st.. hear Dupont; 40x90 to rear
• street; 4 flats; rents $54. ¦ •¦¦'
" $6500 — Buchanan, near Post; 24x87:6; house of
¦ 7 room's and bath; rent $35.
r $5000— Corner Leaverjworth .and Broadway;
1 cottape and 2 flats; rent $41.
$4250— Alabama, near 24th; 26x100; J flats;
a rents $33.
$3250— Capp St., near Twenty- fourth; 18:9x80;
house of 7 rooms and bath; rent $20.
UNIMPROVED.
$80,000— Corner Broadway and Broderlck St.:
¦ 1*7:6x275. . -
$1«.0©0— Union, near Mason: 93:6x137:6.
. J80CO— Corner Cole and Carl: 100:7x87 :«.
tiitxy— Greenwich St., near Taylor: 45:10x137:8.
$5000— Polk St.. near Chestnut: 107:6x87:6.
$3500— Fulton St., near Filftnore: 82:6x137:6. .
: $3000— Laguna st., near Page;. 25x100.
83000— Steiner St., near Waller: 24x81.
'. $27S0 each — Post St., near iWvtsadero; 3 lots.
32006— Waller St., near Stnnyan; 25x100.
'. ¦ 81S0O-VBryant, near 23d: 28x100. :
: »1600— Corner ?2d and. Noe; 26:6x106.
) {iSPOr-Suttcr st,. near. Lyon; $5:8x100.
r HAWKS & S K ELTON, ..'.
( Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
* ¦ ¦ Property. ¦ • ¦ ¦ k ¦
. $6600— CotUge and flats: O'Farrell «t.. near
Buchanan: rents $50; good investment. .
. $9000— North side of California St.. near Web-
" ¦ ster: 10 rooms: in fine condition. • . .¦ • .
' $8250— Flats: Hartford, near Castro and 20th;
4 ¦ and S rooms and bath ; rents ¦ $330 per
; annum; many houses building near by.
• $2800 — Cory home; Jersey, near Castro; 5 rooms
« -and bath :¦ two* car lines.
I $1200— Lot: Stockton st.,.. near Chestnut; 22x65;
¦ flats- on it would pay well. • ¦• , :
. $9000— Scott St., near Washington; facing pretty
, park; choice- neighborhood; elegant home;
8 rooms. ' • ' " • ¦ •
; HAWKS & SKELTON. 823 Montgomery st.
$3750— FOR SALE IN BERKELET. "
A fine house and lot, 9 rooms; fins garden;
2016 . Stewart st., near Adeline, Ashby
station. F. .HOLTUM, owner. 617- California
. st., ; Johannesberg Win* Vaults. . .'.%« :.
i FOR Sale— Housa of 6 largs rooms; sacrifice,
• Indiana and Elghtaentb «tx 'y-imSg^Mfc,
REAL - ESTATE— CITY— FOR gAU.'
BALDWIN & HOWELL. •
' •" • • 10 Montgomery st • ¦ . ¦
PARTIAL -LIST OF INVESTMENTS.
$23.000— Mission St.. near Fourth: »-story bay-
windows building; 20 rooms and bath, etc.;
growing neighborhood. ' . ¦ . : •
$13.000— Mission st.V near Sixth; 2-story and
besemant frame dwelling; 8 rooms and bath;
rents $55: lot 85x80.
$4900— Minna St.. near First; 2-story bouse of
7 rooms; rents $25; lot 25x30.
$4000— Minna st; 3-story flat; three separate
flats: rents $40; lot 25x70. . •
$25,000— Mission at. near Fourth; two houses,
12 rooms and bath each; rents $70; lot 40x80. ¦ •:¦ •
$102,500— Mission et, corner Ecker, through 1 to
Lick alley; lot 94x99:6; splendid. site for man-
ufactory; no piling needed for foundation. '
$6000— Natoma st. near 'Third; 2-story and
basement;-, rents. S53: lot 41:Sx80. i-< . r
$;*500— Natoma st. near Sixth; six tenements;
rent-i $S5;' lot 42x75.
$5000— Minna at, near Fifth; front and rear
houses; rents Hi; lot 25x76. .
$6500— Natoma st, near Sixth; 8-story build-
ing: rents *fCS 50; lot 25x75.
$7000— Rltch st.. near Bryant; store and 8
flats- rent $S6: lot 4S:lQx75. -- ...
$5500— Russ st., near Howard; house 17 .rooms;
rents $50: lot- 80x100. ' - ¦•. ' • ; - •
$3250— Ritch st.,. near Townsend: five fiats;
rents $42 60; lot 22:llxS0 to small street
$11,500— Seventh-st. corner; store, flat and 2-
story house; rents $84. .
. $20,000— Seventh st.,- 100- foot frontage; rents
well; near new Postofllce. : -
• $4500 — Seventh-st. ' corner} store below; 11
rooms above and house of 4 rooms; rents $45;
bargain, .- '
$23,000— Sixth st; store below; 18 rooms above;
four flats on rear street; rents $15L
$40,000— Slxth-st. corner; . good Investment;
rents $S35; lot 75x136.
$4000— Silver st, near Third; two flats, 4 and
C rooms; cottage of 4 rooms; rents. $36; - lot
87:6x80. ' • ' :
$3750— South Park:. 8-story brick building; 10
rooms and bath: rents $32 B0, ¦ ¦ . . - ¦
$8000— Steuart st, near Market; store and flat
of 6 rooms; rents $00.
$2000— Tehama st, . near .Third; two fiats:
rents $20. • ¦ . ¦ . -
$1800— Tehama at., near Eighth; two flats of
4 and 6 rooms and rear cottage of 8 rooms;
rents $29; lot 21x80. ¦ • . ¦-¦
$55,000— Thlrd-st. corner, near Market; rents
$280; stores and lodging's.
$50,000— Third- ' St., near Market: store and
lodging-house above; rents $1S5; lot 80x107.
$87,000— Thlrd-st.' corner; store. and nine fiats;
rents $250; lot 137:6x137:6.-
$3SH>— Tehama st.. near First; store and 8
rooms; two flats and rear house; rents $46;
lot 26x60.
$3200— Welch st, near Fourth; 8 fiats of 8
and 4 rooms and rear house of 4 rooms; rents
$35; lot 20x80. . ¦¦
$18.500 RENTS $12*> PER ANNUM.
Price reduced to mak* immediate sale; owner
must eell on. account of departure; three new,
elegant, substantial; up-to-date flats on Jack-
eon at, near Polk: only two years old; same
tennats since finished; building, cost over
$12,000; can be rented for $180 more per annum;
lot 25x127: 8*4; a splendid and excellently lo-
cated investment " '"
. Apply to— —
BALDWPJ & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st
CREAM OF ' PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
RARE CHANCE FOR HOME BUILDERS
AND INVESTMENT SEEKERS.
Choicest building lots on very easy payments;
on the H-st. electric cars and fronting Golden
Gate Park and, the new. Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard. .
Lota and streets on the o facial grade; macad-
amized; /plank sidewalks; gas and water ser-
vice; low prices; bound to increase in value;
Money advanced for building purposes; the
costliest and - handsomest modern houses in
Sunset District are now being occupied and
constructed on the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard. - ¦ ¦ - ¦ • ¦ • •¦-•¦.
Call at one* at our branch office {open week
days, Sundays and holidays), cor. of H stand
Ninth ave., couth of Golden Gate' Park, and
ask* to be shown these beautiful lots; full par-
ticulars and price lists' also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
• ¦ , ;i 10 Montgomery Bt
BOVEE, TOY ft BONNTAQ. ~7~
BEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
HOUSES RENTED, RENTS COLLECTED
• AND FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF
PROPERTT. .
624 MARKET ST.
BARGAINS.
$34.000— O'Farrell Bt business corner; close to
Market st; lot 50x70 -feet; old Improvements;
one of the finest corners In the city.
$22.500— Pacific ave.: lot 40x130 feet, with ele-
gant residence; almost new In every -particu-
lar; 14 rooms and bath; fine marine view; an
Ideal home.' ~ ' ¦-."'. • :> *
$20.000— Broadway, corner lot, 137:6x137:6 feet:
residence' of 10 rooms and bath: also 3 flats
and a cottage; but one-half of the ground Is
Improved; pays well. . -
$11,500— Haight st.; north side; S almost new
flats of. 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
for $110- per. month; lot 80x137:6 feet; this Is a
fln« . investment. . '¦'"'>
.$11,000— Buchanan st; 8 w.ell built flats of 6
and 7 rooms and bath each; rents for $SS per
month; lot 25x80 feet- - . ,. -' -
. J4000--- Webster st; 2 fine flats' of « and 9
rooms and bath each: lot 22 ;8xS7:fl feet; rents
for 170 p«r month.. ... . ' '
$S500-^Devlsadero " st, near Washington; 2
almost new flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath
each: lot 25x110 feet; rents $80 per. month.
$775ft-Grove Bt. flats of 6 and « . rooms and
bath each; rents $79 60 per. month; lot 25x120
$7260— Mint - ave., near Fltth st; lot 25x75
feet; 3 flats and & cottage;, rents for $66 per
month. . . .
$6500— Pierce st.'near Page; 2 fine flats of 6
and 7 rooms and bath each; lot 23x106 feet;
rents for $5? 60 per month.
$5260— California St., near Larkln; lot 25x
80 feet; old Improvements; rents $50 per month.
$."600— Masonic ave. ; elegant new house of 10
rooms and bath; modern in every respect; lot
25x100 feet;, a beautiful home.
$5750— Corner on Twenty-fifth st; lot 25x95
feet with store and flat above; rents for $55
per month. ' • ¦ . • .
$-000— Sanchez st, near Eighteenth; '3 flats,
well built; lot 23x100 feet: rents $34 per month.
$4000— Nineteenth st. ;. lot 26:6x85 feet; 2 fine
flats: rents for $36 per month.
$3750— Pacific, st, near Taylor; 3 flats of 3,
4. & rooms; rents for $43 per month; pays well
on the investment. - ••
$3000— Pacific st., near Hyde; lot 20x80 feet,
with store and > flat; Income $32 per month.
$3250 — Clara St., near Fourth; store and 2
fiats; rents for $39 per month; lot 22:11x80. feet.
$2500— Hyde st, near Union; lot 42x88 (eet;
small cottage of 3 rooms.- ¦ ¦ ¦ >.-.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOT Jt
SONXTAQ.
FOR SALE BY BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
$50.000— RENT $375 A MONTH.
Grand block of French flats; almost new and
up to data; down town; east of Hyde st
AN ELEGANT HOME. /
$15,000— On Panhandle of Golden Gale Park;
beautiful modern new residence of about
12" rooms • and-.- bath: finished In solid oak;
all rooms frescoed and decorated; furnace;
model home at a sacrifice; large lot, which
alone is worth the money.
RARE CHANCE,
$24,500— Rent $175; can be raised; almost new
3-story building; stone front; on Geary st
not far from. Union- Square.
SIXTH ST., NEAR MARKET.
; $26,OOfc-RBNT $155 A MONTH.
Store and upper flat and lot to rear street;
old tenants; rent can be Increased to $185.
CHEAP FLATS.
$5500— Rent $43 SO; 8 fiat* on California St.,
near . Devlsadero. .
GEARY ST. BARGAIN!
$37,600— Rent $263 a month for lot 68:9x137:9
and almost new. building of stores and 4 flats;
down town; east of IArkln street.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
¦ - 20 Montgomery st
$55,000— MARKET st property; a good buy. .
$4500— Rents $45 per month rbuitne-m corner; S
stores ; flat of 5 rooms: modern building.
$9750 — Three new flats; rents $92 per month.
$4&C0 — Houee of 7 rooms; house in good order;
brick foundation; Bush et., near Baker* lot
26x137. ,,-. • . ."
Choice lots near park, east of Stanyan st.
$2e00— Beautiful cottage m the Mission.. :
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery sti
COTTAGE, 5 rms. (mortgaged); must Bell.. $2250
Pair flats, 4 and 5 rms.; rents $2S; price.. $3000
Lot 60x120; south of park; terms only $20
down; -price $2000; no Interest; no taxes.
Fine modern cot. 6 rooms (bank mortg.)..$3000
2-story house: modern; 7 rooms ....$3300
New cottage ; 'model U01 : 5 rooms ....$3500
¦• 3-room cottage; easiest terms: price.. ...$1300
, RICHMOND LAND CO.. 323 Clement st.
THE COMING CITT SANTA FE
; At Point -Richmond, terminus of Santa Fe
Railroad.
Bound to grow. Lots are bound to Increase.
: Railroad cor shops located here.
An Important railroad . terminus and head-
quarters; manufacturing and. shipping Interests
sure to increase; lots $125; all level; ptreets
graded: $10 cash .......;.$5 monthly
McBWKN, BROS.. 113 . Montgomery st.
$275 ByTS 3 lots^near J. st' and Thirty-second
ave.; they are close to Park and are worth
double. ' " ' ' *-* ••¦ -
$190— Can't be duplicated under $3Q0; 3 lots
on corner In South San Francisco; a great snap
• $350— Best corner . in Ocean View; full size
and on car line; the only lot left at this price-
corner Broad and San Joee ave.
' McEWEN BROS., 118. Montgomery et
50 VARA lot to lease; Main st, near Howard.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 30 Montgomery >t.
$1250— COTTAGE of 4 rooms and basement; fine
well water, windmill and tank. Key at 103
Falcon ave.. near Eighteenth st' -. : .'
CHEAPEST lots -In the Weetern Addition;
eouthwest cor. Pine and Lyon sts. ; 7 lots 25
X100 and 25x87:6; $1250 to $1500. -McGLYNN A
MENTON, -room 22, Chronicle building.
FOR sale or to rent— Bargain; house 8 rooms;
2 lots; No. 1759 Alabama st. Apply 1514 Stock-
1 ton st; key grocery. Alabama and Tweaty-
elghth-sts.- -4 . , ¦¦¦-¦¦....., .-. •-*-..:• --• -? .
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park, then
•¦ call on W. J. QUNN. 630 Calif oral* st.
BEAL ESTATE—CITY— FOB SALB.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. • V -
' - No. 633 Market Street.
BEAUTIFUL WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$5500— Two elegant modern flats 'of S rooms and
. bath:' rents $75 per month; sunny side;
lot 27:6x137:6 feet; Suttfer st. ¦
FINE MISSION CORNER.
$Si00— Three fine 'bay-windowed houses of •
rooms and bath on Twenty-first st; best
block; lot 52xh5 feet; rents $S40. .
SOUTH OF. MARKET INVESTMENT.
87000— Five flats of 4, 5, 8 rooms; all rented;
, 40x75 feet; rents $94S.
BEAUTIFUL WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE— MUST BE SOLD.
1 $6000— On Scott Ft ; * handsome bay-windowed
house, S rooms and bath, porcelain tub.
2 tiled- mantels, etc.; bitumen street; ce-
ment walk; can arrange terms. - - '
:A GREAT ¦ BARGAIN.
$£•00 — Rents 4524 per annum ; 3 fine . bay- win-
dowed flats of 6, 5, 6 rooms and bath;
Minna st.
PAYS BIG INTEREST.,
$2750— Four flats of 5, .5, 3, 3 roams; brick
foundation; rents $43 per month; lot 23x
80 feet; near First and Howard sts.
CAPP-STREET RESIDENCE. .
$3000— Two-story bay- windowed . house, 7 rooms
and bath; brick foundation;' high base-
*• ment; bitumen street-
NEW ELEGANT MODERN COTTAGE.
$2500— Six rooms and bath, porcelain tub, ttle
mantel, every modern Improvement; light
° and sunny; level lot; 2 car lines.
NEW MODERN RICHMOND COTTAGE.
$I0C0— Five rooms and bath and finished base-
ment, porcelain bath, tiled mantel, etc.;
half cash, balance as rent; half block
Butter and Geary st. cars.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
'" 638 Market st
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
EASTON. ELDKIDOE & CO..
638 Market Street
February 26. 1901.
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom. 63S Market street.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE. -
No. S24 Page st, near Devlsadero; handsome
residence of 8 roonu and bath: rents $30; lot
25x137:6:
GREEN-STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1228-50 Green st.. near Larkin; 3 well-
built houses of 8 rooms and bath each; rents
$36 per month; lot 24:3x60 to rear street. .
MoALLISTER-STREET LOT.
North side McAllister St.; 150 feet east of
Lyon; level lot; 25x137:6 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE CORNER RESIDENCE.
Southwest corner: No. 601 Cole and Page ets.:
large beautiful sunny residence of 8 rooms and
bath; rents $45 per month; lot 25x106:3 feet
: MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 392S-30-32-34 Nineteenth st, near San-
ches; two pairs of- flats and lot to be sold
separately; 4 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$27 and $23: lots each 26x114 feet.
MISSION , COTTAGE.
$2C0 cash; balance as rent. No. 3S1 Jersey st.,
near Castro: two-story house of < rooms and
bath; one-half block from Castro- Market cars;
lot 25x114.
PARK PANHANDLE LOT.
West elde Central ave. ; 100 south of Waller
St.; lot 26x107:6 feet
~~FULTON- STREET CORNER.
Kortheast corner Fulton and Parker ave. ;
large vacant corner; 109x123 feet; one block
from Golden Gate Park; McAllister cars pasa.
FINE LOT SOUTH OF THE PARK.
'West eld» Twelfth ave.: 175 feat north of M
st; lot 25x100 feet.
MISSION CORNER STORE AND FLAT.
Northwest corner; No. 161S-20 Church and
Valley sts.; store and 2 rooms and upper flats
of 4 rooms and bath; also cottage of 4 rooms;
lot 25x100 feet.
BAT VIEW HOMESTEAD LOTS.
Four lots on Vancouver and Guadaloupe sts.;
ISO feet north of Saute st.
Catalogues with full particulars at offlos.
EABTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
¦¦"-•¦ . >•• «3S Market street.
HEATM-JUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Choicest and cheapest lots In this city.
We can positively suit you.
$78, S100, S200 and $304— near Mlsslon-st elec-
tric car or grand ocea-x boulevard; S3 monthly.
$300 to $900— Choicest graded Sunset, Nine-
teenth ave. boulevard and Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
1750, $1090, - $1600 to *>25OO— Splendid cottages,
good locations near cars; all bargains. Must
be sold. ¦ Installments same aa rent
Branch office Ninth ave., near II st.. Sunset
SOL GETZ * BROTHER,
.ROOM 64, CHRONICLE BUILDING.
A— SNAP— $5500; 35 Hill st, near Guerrero;
beautiful Eastlake home, 9 rooms, bath,
laundry, high basement, brick foundation;
fine .lot. 35x114. , .
$6500— Thirteenth, near Howard; 8 flats, 4. 6,
£ rooms and bath; rents $42; 20x79.
15250 — Market, near Church; 7 rooms and
¦ bath; 25x115; mortgage $3000 at 6 per cent
$5000— Broadway, near Octavia; 25x130; (
rooms and bath; part cash, i
¦ $4260— Tenth, near Howard; 7 rooms and
bath: 25x102:3. - ; .. . .
$3500— Natoma, near Sixth;, double house; 6
rooms each; rents $32; 25xS0'. • .
83250— Twenty-first, near Valencia; choice lo-
cality: 6 rooms ana bath; 25x115. .
$2500— For 35 lots in S. S. F., near electric
road. ' " • • . '
$1800— Dolores, nr. '22d; 30:6x117:6. to alley.
$1250— Bryant, nr. 18th: 25x100: > bitumen.
$1200— Whitney, nr. 13th; 50x125; on grade.
$150— Four lots in University Extension.'
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 113 Montgomery st
DON'T waste your money by paying rent: new
4-room and bath house on Hoffman aye. can
be bought with small payment down and $13
per month: close to the 22d-st electric line.
$«50 East— Only four lots left fronting the
Ocean boulevard: block 721; street graded and
ready for building; these lots will be worth
$5000 each In less than 5 years; now Is your
opportunity. • * . ',
.' $650— Three-room house and lot close to San
Bruno electric cars; easy terms.
To rent or for sale — Summer residence of 4
rooms and bath; Elmhurst station: 45 min-
utes' ride from city. JACOB HEYMAN, 117
Butter st. -. ' ' '
GOINQ fast — Some very choice lots, north of
the nark, with all the street work done, ready
for building, with 3 lines of cable and elec-
tric cars passing; Just the lots for a con-
tractor and builder to buy. to build on to
sell again; they are so cheap, and on the
, sunny side of the street close In, on Sixth
"and Seventh avenues: nothing for sale equal
to this. W. J. GUNN. ESO California- st\
HAVE you property In the Mission and Hor-
ner's Addition that you want to sell, and to
make a quick sale you are willing to make a
concession?— then cell on W. J. GUNN, 630
California st. -
A RICHMOND two-story residence to be sold
at once on account' of departure from the
State, and so a bargain can be obtained: 8
rooms and bath; tile mantels: wired for elec-
tricity; a well-built bouse In every way: $38M;
a number of persons have offered' to rent -the
house.* W. J. GUNN. 630 California st
__ — . j— — — . __
¦"....' BIG. BARGAIN ........ ....
Down Town... ;....Tttrk st, near Market
- #--> ; {12,000
' Two 2-etbry houses, 14 rooms and baths. ¦
Lot size 20 by 87:«.
HOOKER. & LENT.
„ 14 Post street. .
jPQOO— NEAR Pino and Powell sts.; Improve-
ments consist of cottage' of 6 - rooms and
bath: good location for flats. G. H. UMBSEN
& CO. . . . . '.••'
BENJAMIN H.' LICHTENSTEIN. • B!yth«
building. 14 Grant ave., offers for sale 2
flats and etore oh Geary sty near Taylor.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st. ¦
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
end Douglass sts. ; must ba sold; SOxlU feet.
$1600— North line Carl st. near Star-van; 23z
127:6 feet : , - . .' .*¦:-,
AN artistic home on H Bt.. facing the Park: 6
• large rooms, bath and finished basement ;
rooms handsomely frescoed; porcelain bath
atid- sink; nickel-plated 'sanitary -plumbing;
• take blue electric • cars; ; get off Twelfth >ave.,
- south of Park. *¦> ¦ < <
NEW -up-to-date houses;- 7 and 9 rooms;, well
%bullt; fine view; go and see them. and you
' will buy. See owner on premises. Clayton st,
•south of Frederick, or JEROME ENGLISH,
1 11 Montgomery st .
FOR sale— House 8 rooms in Mission; 2 lots.
Call 624 Stockton; good bargain. •
MODERN ¦ houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell; 1147 Mission.'.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. GUNN. ' C30 California,
HEAL * ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
6HA1NWALD, BUCSCBEE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Z18-22O Montgomery St.. ¦ Mills building. '
115.0C0— Northwest corner of Jones and Wash-
ington sts.; corner: 68:9x137:8 feet: elegant lo-
cation to build flats; grand marine view. 5
$15,000— McAllister st..' sunny side, between
Webster and Flllmore: lot 75x137:6 feet, with
house of 12 rooms and bath; land alone is
worth the money
.J 8^*- Valencia st, near Fourteenth: lot COx
i™ * eet t° twenty-foot street In", rear; terms,
?3500 cash, balance on bank mortgage at «.per
cent. . ,....»
$4100— Lot 8E. corner Washington and Lyon
.mi. a corB «r 81:3x100:4 ft.: very cheap.
, ** 2 *°— Florida st, near Twenty-fifth: lot 27x
IOC feet, with house of 2 flats; rents $27 50; you
can pay $500 cash, balance in monthly pay-
"•SJJS °, f *3S 65 or less if desired.
JJoOO— Lot and imps.; north line of Washlng-
.-.**¦' near Leavenworth; sold to close estate.
$3T0O— Lot west line'of Van Ness ave., near
Lnion st.; S3xlC5 ft; ready tobulld.
„«« have a number of very 'choice Presidio
Heights lots with marine view, which we are
authorised to sell at reasonable p'rlces; get list
at office. . .
$900O-^Paclflc ave.. near Pierce st: 40xl27:S'4
feet; beautiful residence lot: best portion of the
avenue." price reduced to make quick sale.
$4000— Corner Oak and Baker sts.; 55xS«;10%;
faeing Park Panhandle.
$3750— Ninth st.. near Bryant: lot 25x100 feet;
cheap.
$10,5«0— Liberty st. near Guerrero: the Nob
Hill of the Mission; lot 80x114; residence of 11
rooms and bath!
$2000— West line Church st.. south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$15; modern: lot 23x100; a bargain.
$20,000— Reduced from $25,000; north ejde 8ac-
ramente st.. near Van Ness ave.; fin* resi-
dence; large lot. 68r$xl27:SH.
$1WO— Price reduced "from $2350: modem cot-
tage on Second ave.. near Point Lobos: 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x120: or 50x120 for I27S0-
$SOOQ— Three modern flats; Jackson st.. near
Broderick; rents $?> 60; for sale at less than
cost.
$2750— Marine view; corner of Vallejo st. near
Jones; 24 :< front: improvements rent for $21.
"112.600— NW. cor. Page and Lyon sts.; modern
resMence: II rooms and 2 baths; furnace; 7 bed-
rooms: lot 32:1x15. ,
$22.600-Callfomla and Octavia sts.: SB. cor.;
fine residence lot; building now on lot to be
removed: size 6S:9xlS7:i. .'
$2100— And your own terms; new cottage. 5
rooms and bath; Church and Twenty-second
sts.; lot 26xl2«.
$31.000— Sutter-st Investment; monthly rents
$305; will pay about 9 per cent net; lot 49x119
feet; with substantial of Oca building: always
rented.-.
$23,500— Third st: 1-story brick balldlnt; rents
to one tenant $130; let 25x75 feet
$S25O— Reduced from $8000; elegant Presidio
Heights residence, with t bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot 3':<Uxl27:S'i: nixe
marine view.
$7000— Very pretty hpma en Ashbury Heights
of 9 rooms and bath: completely furnished; lot
(3x136:3. to rear street.
EHAIKWALO, BTJCKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
A, J. RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents,
113 Montgomery Street
$3,000 — California st.. near Flllmore: house. 10
rooms and bath; large lot. 51 by 132;
splendid location for building flats.
$7,000 — Broadway st. lot.' near Flllmore: 47 by
137:6; marine view.
$3, 5C0— Devlsadero et residence and lot. near
Haight; convenient to electric and cable
car lines. >
$12,000 — Leguna st. reslden6e. near Broadway.
- 12 rooms and bath; lot 27 by 137:0.
J'.EOO— Scott st residence, near Page et, t
rooms and bath: lot 24 by 106 :S.
$4,600— Baker st. cottaae house. 9 rooms and
' bath, near Sacramento st; lot 15:8 by
102 :«.
$8,500^Presidto Heights, modern Improved
residence, every convenience. near
Clay st
$1,250— Lots !7:8 by 100, Lombard sL, near
Gough st, bltumlnlzed.
$3.750— Lot 25 by 100, Page st, near Shrader.
$2,250— Lots 25 by 95, Folsom st, near Twenty-
first
$5,000— Pine St., near Stockton: house. 8 rooms
and bath: lot 34r6 by 77:6: pays »• per
cent per annum.
$2,750— Union st. corner, 20 by to, near Dupont.
$3,000— Baker St.. near Pacific ave.: large lot,
100 foot front: marine view.
$7,500— A bargain; grand building lot on Wash-
ington st, B0 foot front, commanding
an unobstructed marine view.
$4,800— Devlsadero st building lot. near Sac-
ramento.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTH ERsT~" ~ *
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Splendid "home, nearly new. on Pacific
Heights; 8 large rooms, with attic and base-
ment; finely finished throughout: with unin-
terrupted marine view; price $12.(00.
Two new flats In Panhandle district: 7 rooms
each; rented for $70 monthly; price, $7300.
Four flats south of Market st.. in. good con-
dition; new plumbing, etc.: rent $40; price $3750.
Large lot lOSxlU In the Mission, with cottage
o£ 7 rooms; reduced to $3500; a very cheap buy;
hcuse stands on 25 feet. • -
Two flats In fine renting location; Just Sn-
l-hei; 6 and t rooms; all latest modern im-
provements; will rent for $J0; you can't beat
these flats for the money.
Lots overlooking the Presidio grounds, on
north side of street; only $85 per foot
Twelve Una building lots In Western Addl-
tli n; corner Scott and McAllister sts.; get plat
at .office.
Pacific and Presidio Heights lots. W* are
Authorized to offer at very reasonable prices
peveral choice lots in these districts. Call for
list .
Only $1500 each — Four lots on Dolores st. be-
tween Liberty and Twenty-first; 23x92:4 each.
Nine lots at Twenty-fifth and San Bruno
Ets., $650 and upward; easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st...S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« Weekly
Call, It pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year tor $1,
postage paid. ...
REAL ESTATE^ — COUNTRY — For Sale
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In
Income producing orchard, vineyard, grain
and stock farms, many of which are bank
foreclosures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush,
having had forty years' knowledge and ex-
perience In the value of lands, and being the
owner of an Income-producing orchard and
vineyard, can Intelligently direct Intending
buyers to the best lands and bargains in the
State. Call or write for what you want
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery st
• ALSO
Headquarters of the Tourist Free Information
Bureau. * • E. C. PECK," Manager.
A "PICK-UP"— Peculiar circumstances causes
owner to sacrifice; Just think of It. only J«0
•per acre for 100 acres adjoining city limits:
now in bis demand and taslly salable In
small tracts at $200/and over per acre; or—
as It Is first-class, highly cultivated, level
loam, all in crop— It's making of very cheap,
profitable and lovely home ranch;- take my
advice, don't hesitate, but make $10,000 by
purchasing this; easy terms If desired.
Remember, I am accurately acquainted
with more- country property for sale and ex-
change than all other agents In S. F. : 3000
ranches on my list: state what's wanted and
get reliable descriptions of bargains.
¦ N. D. SICKELS. the Land' Agent. C Geary.
AN unprecedented sacrifice; 73- room brick hotel
and furniture; doing Immense first-class <$3
a day) business: cost and worth $50,000; of-
fered for $16,600; has rented for $400; now
run by owner.
X. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. « Geary st
A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME"
Is now offered persons of limited means to
obtain 10 acres or more of choice, level gar-
den and orchard land, located near Vacavllle,
Solano County, the celebrated early fruit sec-
tion of California, at the low price of $30 to
149 per acre, according to location; terms to
suit: title perfect. This land will raise all
kinds of garden truck and early fruits. For
maps and circulars eall or write California
Farm Land Association, M Hearst build-
ing, San Francisco. • ' •
FARMING and other property In Yarious parts
of California for sale. Catalogue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR, GUTHRIE tt CO.,
31G California et, San .Francisco.
5 ACRES at Menlo Park; .small house, barn,
chicken houses; 15 large oak trees; some fruit
trees;' fenced and cross-fenced; cheap to Im-
mediate buyer: will lend half the purchase
price. W. L. HARPER. 397 Parrott buUding.
4S0 ACRES: lease. or exchange: 70 hay land;
Id creek bottom; balance oak forest; clear
stream; buildings, fences; $200 per year*
photos in office. SALSBURY, 459 Ninth st
Oakland. -
FARM for sale at public auction March 2. 1301—
Hair mile Sonoma; 37 aeres In orchard and
vineyard; furnished house 11 rooma, 2-story;
. barn 40x50; horses, wagons, poultry, farming
Implements; sale on premises at 1 p. m. ¦
FRANK CHKUNI. Sonoma.
CHICKEN ranch for sale; fully equipped* city
outskirts: good place for hogs; place to rent
C. WILMOT. Columbian building.
•40 ACRES choice redwood timber land* re-
duced to $4 an acre. P. ROTH ERM EL, 507
. California st.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY — For «ml»
40-ACHS bearing orchard, close to M»reed;
three railroads: last year's crop $4000; always
pays; owner lives East and will exchange for
good farm property East of Missouri River:
. price Jio.coo; terms to salt: a One chanc* for
an Eastern man. RAYMOND. BALDWIN
& CO.. 133 Montgomery st. ¦¦ ¦
TO be sold -at Calistoga at auction March I.
at 1 o'clock— Ranch of 90 acres; 12 acres In
grapevines: 3 acres In orchard; house, barn.
wine cellar, cooperage, farming Implements;
oil has been found la neighborhood. Address,
for Information. O. WOLLEN3CHLAGER,
saloon. Battery and Pacific sts.. or W. T.
SIMMONS. Callstoga.
FOR sale or exchange for ranch worth akoat
*50C0, a good modern two-story house and
large lot; 13 minutes' walk to State univer-
sity; no agents. Box- 2QS0, Call ofSce. Oak-
land.
PAYING FRUIT RAXCH near Vacavlllo:
price I50CO. clear: for sale or exchange for
city property; the fruit Is the earliest In the
State. Inquire of P. R. WALSH, 40 Mala
St., Vallejo.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market: rms. 1 & 2; sells and
• exchanges city and country realty; printed
lists; Sonoma. Santa Clara and other counties.
IN Mill Valley, a nice home for sale cheap oa
account of departure. 528 Turk St., 8. F.
FINE ranch. 80 acres: irraln and "Trapes: sac-
rificed ; make offer. Box lSCS, Call offlce.
10 ACRES, well improved, above San Rafael.
$1650. W. B. EASTIN. 401 California st.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 813 Main. Petahima. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estat* bargain*.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
REAL. ESTATE TO BXCHA.XGB.
WE have the largest list of Improved and un-
improved city and farm property located In
al| parts of United States to exchange. Call
and a*e \is. HERBERT A CO.. room HO Em-
nn Spreckels building. 729 Market St.
RBAli ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— »A hOTXSA and lot. about 1£> ¦ rooms,
south of Market St.. abov« Third. Box 1643.
Call office.
RAFAEL IlEVL ESTATE,
ELEGANT new modern residence In. San Ra-
fael, on Fifth ave.; i rooms and bath; large
grounds, stable for 3 hcrses: term* easy; one-
third cash. Address P. TROY, owner. 418
California >t.. San Frands-?o.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 — _____
ALAMED.V UBAL ESTATE.
"BE benefited by what we tell yon."
No wonder we do the business.
We have the best properties for sale at the
lowest prices.
Genuine snaps. Great bargains.
Invest now and make money.
Come and set a list of cur properties for sals.
Think of it.
11250.
A fine S-room 2-story house: large lot.
tl50a
A fine 5-room Colonial cotta;*; lar*» lot;
must be sold.
$2130
Buys a fine 7-room cottage. In choice neigh-
borhood, near trains and schools; large loC
I25C0.
1 An elegant 8-rooin 2-stdry house; lot 13x139;
on principal avenue; foreclosure.
$19(0.
A great Investment: pays SS9 per month oa
S1HX); a splendid house of 8 rooms; nice tot;
tUls Is a great chance.
TO EXCHANGE FOR ALAMEDA PROP-
ERTT.
Two modem flats in Western Addition; rented
for 130; will exchange for Alameda property.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
1300 Park St., Alameda. and 20 Post St.. S. V.
Office open Sundays and Evenings.
J*35O— FINEST modern 3-story housa In. Ala-
meda; must be seen to be appreciated.
JS500— Income property: pays 10 per cent net;
It you want aa Investment see this.
J300— Fine- 4-room cottage, with nice lot: most
sell; owner going East. '
$1650— A decided bargain; 5-room cottare; ftna
lot: see this at once.
J2S0O— $300 down, balance $23 per month: 7-
rocm. modern In every particular; lot 40x130:
finest location In Alameda: this Is a ra.ro
chance to get a beautiful hom* cheap.
$3500— s rooms, elegant, modern; easily worth
$cceo; fin» location; larg« lot.
Property In all parts of Alameda for sale.
Houses rented.
Rents collected.
HAMMOND & CONGER.
ZZZS Santa Clara ave..
Alameda. Cal.
Phone 1C23 Parn.
$1S3O— COTTAGE. 5 rooms. $3200— Mew house, S
rooms, bath and basement: 50-ft. lot, $1200—
Cottage. 4 rooms. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park »L
J330O — NEW house of 8 rooms; 50- foot lot: palm
" and fruit trees. Cottage. S rooms, $1650. Cot-
tage. 4 rooms, $120a J. H. YOUNG, 12U Park.
BARGAINS for Investors. "V*
Bargains for homeseekers.
Homes built on terms to salt
Apply to G. R. DENKE. West Alameda
Real Estate Office. Webster st. and Cen-
tral ave.
VERY special bargains; foreclosure properties:
genuine snaps; enough said, as I do not be-
lieve in extended ada. J. A. REMMEL. Bay
Station. Alameda.
BEAUTIFUL modern cottage. S rooms; lot 8Ox
130; choice location: stable, etc.: a sacrtace;
easy terms. A. G. BURNS. 1301 Park st.,
Alameda. ¦
FOR SALE— A bargain, or will let to rallabla
party; good modern house. 3 roonu; central:
convenient to trains, cars, school. Box 1S82.
Call otflce.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per yee..
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
CAN offer elegant suite of rooms and board la
a private hunt In Alamedsi to refined couple;
references required. Eax 168:. Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J23. PER foot: price reduced: buy before th«
balldlng boon^; elegant residence lot. (5x125;
high ground: ! blocks from station; sur-
rounded by elegant homes: » minutes' walk
from the University grounds: electric ears
within 1 block; cheapest lot around. AL'b-
TIN & CO.. 1003 Uroadway. Oakland.
J4G0— LOT 50x125 feet; one block from electrto
cars. 3 from station; owner foreclosed and
will sacrifice; street work all done. AUSTIN
& CO.. IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
HZiy\ — JUST completed: new Colonial residence
of 11 rooms. 2 baths: complete In detail:
large lot; north side; sun all day; Z block*
from Berkeley depot: choice location; closa
to University; easy terms. AUSTIN <- CO..
1003 Broadway. Oakland.
$2300— A BANK sale; new house of C rooms;
modern open plumbing; very sunny and de-
sirable; lot 6Cxll.» feet; electric line In front;
close to Berkeley local station; terms of pay-
ment can be arranged. AUSTIN <& CO.. 1403
Broadway. Oakland.
J27CO^A ' BARGAIN; 6-roora, house: near two
lines of .electric railroad, school house and
station: lot S0xlC5. •
J350O— Only one block from the University
grounds; house of 6 rooms; high basement; lot
iPxl-i. -
$i::o— House of 4 rooms; large lot; street
work dene; a snap.
There Is money in chickens, and you know
it, but bow on earth can you make money
- raising chickens unless you have a fine lot
fronting on three streets. 370x120. am) near
school house, ' churches, cars and everything
convenient, which can be bought for the low
price of $15C0? Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley.
FINE 4 large room bay-window cottage, bath,
pantry, hall; all modern; basement; lot 40x
120; electric ears pass door: street work
done; 1 block from railroad depot; this Is a
snap; must be sold quick: price $1400*. $2O>
cash, balance monthly payments. OELLE-
RICH & PERKINS. Lorin station. Berkeley.
NEW 6-room 2-story house, right at railroad
station; fine mantel; electric fixtures; bath,
pantry, closets, etc.; wall tinted; fine loca-
tion; street work done: price only $1730;
terras to suit: of See open Sundays. OELLE-
R1CH & PERKINS. Lorin station. Berkeley.
i A— BARGAIN: 4-room house, 1 block from lo-
cal train station: street cars pass the door;
lot 4S>x)28: a desirable borne: price $1400; S2C-)
down, balance $15 per month; take Berkeley
; train, get o.T at Lorin. Inquire for RU-
DOLPH. PERK1N3 & LYON. ¦
' MODERN house of 7 rooms. 2 blocks from
station; high basement; lot 73x133: fenced
and cross- fenced; chicken coops and yards:
price )2CO0; $1500 down, balance monthly pay-
i ments: a rare chance for some one. RU-
DOLPH. PERKINS & LYON, Lorin station,
Berkeley.
FOR bargains In Berkeley or Oakland proper-
• ty see R. J. MONTGOMERY, room S fourth
' floor. Mills building. Saa Franctsco. or 4t?
Ninth st- Oakland.ni*st*Hrt Attorney Llndsley, who con
dwted the prosecution said in his clos-
Irg ar-ument that it had been proven that
Camaln Arthur Martin was a partner la
Hockey's gambling house, and that Pa,
trolmen Mahoney and Engle had received
"hush" money. The charges of "graft
ine %> against Detectives Edward Carberry.
George Sanders and T. E. Mcllduff. Mr.
Llndsley admitted, had not been proven.
Attorneys Thomas Ward and Ralph ar
gued that no sufficient proof of any of the
charges had been presented and. asked
that the accused officers be exonerated.
District Attorney Idndsley Says Cap
tain Martin Was Partner in a
Gambling House.
•DENVER. Feb. 18.— The Investigation by
the Fire and Police Board Into the
charges of corruption against members
of the Police Department was closed this
afternoon. The board reserved Its de-
DENVER POLICE
INVESTIGATION' CLOSES
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 16.— Four port
able houses, two steam launches, & com
plete photographic apparatus, fifty tons of
dog food— this comprises the list of sup
plies ' which Evelyn Baldwin, Arctic ex
plcrer and meteorologist, expects to pur
chase in Philadelphia for the use of th«
Balilwln-Zelgler* polar expedition. Mr.
Baldwin arrived here last night and has
opened negotiations with local merchants.
"Everything points, to the middle of
June as the date of our sailing from Ne^
York." he said. "The America. Is the
permanent expedition ship and will carry
thirty men In her crew. We shall go
around the North Cape, Norway, to some
point In Russia, from wtilch we shall
strike northward past Nova Zembia, to
Frans Josefland. Here the two vessels will
part company. The America, will con
tinue northward and the members of the
expedition will struggle to attain the
North Pole by land or sea. We will carry
provisions for two years."
BALDWIN PREPARING
TOR TRIP TO THE NORTH
Negotiates for the Purchase of Sup
plies for Two Years at"
Philadelphia.
Three Cases of Smallpox.
FRESNO, Feb. 16.— Three cases of small-
pox were identified in the County Hospital
this morning. The building, which was
formerly • a notei;. and Is in the heart of
town; .has been Quarantined and a pollco
patrol established outside. The County
Hospital building was destroyed by fir© in
the fall of last year. ¦ Bin
Anti-Gambling Bill Passes.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.," F«b. IS.— The ses
sion of the Sixth Legislative Assembly
ended to-night by limitation. Tho anti
gambling bill, over which there has been
a hot strife throughout' the session, finally
passed the House to-day, after being
amended so that the law will not take
effect until February 22, 1902, and was sent
to the Governor.
THE DALJ-ES. Or.; Feb. 18.— An engine
and caboose on the O. R. & X. road
plunged twenty feet down an • embank
ment eleven miles west of The Dalles ear
ly this morninsr. The earth had bee**
soaked by a heavy rain and the track gave
way. The entire train crew was in the
midst of the wreck and the engineer and
fireman were found pinioned beneath their
engine. The Injured are:
Sam Winthers, engineer, thlsrh- and one
rib broken, head bruised, face scalded -and
left arm badly hurt.
Ed Ruffano, fireman, broken thigh, oth
erwise badly shaken up.
Sam Henderson and liver, brake
men, injured about bo<"iy, not seriously.
A Japanese, leg broken.
The injured men were taken to Portland
hospitals.
Roosevelt's Movements.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Feb. 16.— Colonel
Theodore Roosevelt arrived at Rifle, Colo.,
from Meeker by stage this afternoon and
left there at 5 p. m. by special train over
the Colorado Midland Railroad. He stop
ped at Glenwood Springs to take a plunge
in the sulphur pool and will reach this
city to-morrow mornlne. H«» may remain
here for. several days and will possibly go
on a wolf hunt over the divide.-
ENGINE AND CABOOSE
PLUNGE FEOM RAILS
Five Men Receive Injuries in a Dis
aster West of The
Dalles.
.'Will- Go to St. Paul.
'FRESNO. Feb. 16.— The Raisin City ban.l
of twenty- pieces has been engaged to ac
company the California delegation of Mod.
ern Woodmen of "America to the national
camp session in St. Paul. Minn., in June.
Permits Importation of Vines.
FRESNO, Feb. 1C— Heretofore It has
been "against v the law here, to Import Into
the county any vines, whether resistant
or rionresistant, the theory* being 1 th-it
phylloxera could.be introduced on .tho re
sistant and spread to the nonresistant
Since phylloxera has manifested itself In
scattered places the necessity for remedial
measures has become urgent. The theory
set out As . not sustained and . to-day the
Supervisors adopted an ordinance permit
!t n8r of vines resistant to
the phylloxera, to become operative after
publication. for three weeks. ¦-<
the 'burglar, killing him Instantly. The
burglar wore a, mask and a large pocket
knife with the blade open was found in
his pocket. The man was an Italian and
had been around the camp- for a month
or eo. "TS&IS&SBSiEsBSB
Professor "Wtinzlrl Recommends Fre
quent Changes of Altitude for
Sufferers.
SANTA FE. ¦ N. M., 1 Feb. 16.-Professor
WeinzSrl of the University of New Mexico',
who Is confiuctlng experiments under tha
authority of the university biological de
partment, has evolved what he pronounces
to bo a' complete cure for consumption. He
says that by careful testing he has deter
mined that the transitory effects upon tho
blood corpuscles of a person passing from
a lower to a. higher altitude are renewed
by frequent changes of altitude. By, oc
casional visits to the sea level, he says,
the system may be reinvigrorated, even
when the effects of the higher altitude
have worn off. : .¦;.-:> .^j
Burglar Meets j Instant Death.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Feb. 16.— For the past
month the. people of Jerome have been sji
noy'ed by a miscreant who has entered a
number of houses, frightening women and
children. " Some houses have been entere.l
a number of times and plans .were laid
to cither, capture or kill the culprit. . Thi3
morning at 1 o'clock Georca Ward of the
Ward .iodBlnp-housa was awakened by
some one endeavoring to get into his room.
He nrose and emptied the contents of. a
double-barreled shotgun into the head of
CLAIMS HE HAS FOUND
CUHB FOR CONSUMPTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, l?01.
re.
/
30
I MORH -snid la«t week; we are building houses
the i-»i-.|>le like; tasty, up-to-date, BubstantlKl
r.nd tVie price* ritr'-'t; teims arranged to suit.
If y«.« nsnl .i eccd home cheap, in fine lo-
cation, and en your own t«ftns, do not fail
tr» call and Insect plans and houses. H. D.
IRWIN. Lcrin station.
(Utt—XETV 5-room cottage, large lot: on
sunny side of street; all sewered; 2 blocks
tn cars; this Is a Rap: 1100. down, balance
SV* v?r month; cheiper tiian'rontlr.-T and own
your enn home. W. C MOR.AN. I^orin eta-
ticn. Berkeley.
jlK^' — ( BOOMS and bath, barn, chicken house,
yard, fruit trees; Ftrest sewered and macad-
amized; 1 block to can; on sunny side of
Ftreet: lot 40x120; worth $200.); this offer for
3 Oayy; *.nly ZTH cash, balance Jlti per month.
V. C MOKAN.
nnnKELEY real, estate.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
RERKELEY COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, b rooms, $12 mo.. Including wat*r.
Cor. Ehatiuck ave. and Rose St.. N. Berkelty.
YOUNG lady de«!rcs sunny room and board In
private family In vicinity of Lombard and
Jones ets. ; references exchanged. Address
• M. B. D.. Alameda I'ostofflce. Cal.
nOOMS AXD BOARD WAJtTEP.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
«i"!ft— BEST re»teurant In Oakland at a b.ir-
*'g£ln. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
•¦-^a— GROCERY: good location and fine trade,
"aLDES CO- 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
rr^TlLODGlNtJ-UOUSE; 20 rooms: clears $75.
/LDEN CO..1211S Broadway. Oakland
SU1TK of sunny rooms with all modern con-
venience: a'.eo single rooms; new house; pri-
vate family. 9S0 Tine et.. near Taylor.
THE Argyle Oust opened). McAllister St.. cor-
rer Larkin — Elegant and tastefully furnished
suites, with or without baths: also single
rooms; steam heated; liveried service; rcad-
tng-rcom: electric elevator all night: these
rooms hare to b* seen to be appreciated ; ref-
erences; rooms shown In the evening. .. _ ~
EHOTWELL. 224— Furnished room to let: warm
belt of Mission; quiet home for student: rent
reasonable. \
SHERMAN Apartment Houee. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ROSEDALE ' House, J19-221 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. 25c to II: week. $1 25 to U: open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, tmoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per nleht. 35c to 51 SO; week. J2 to
$8: month. J* to S30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths, i
DODSON— KENNEDY— In Los Angeles, by the
Rev. Father Hennesiy, John E. Dodson and
Kitty Kennedy of San Francisco. '
EFKINGER— NIGLIS— In this city. February
11, 1S01. by the Rev. J. Ftfehdellng-, Christie
Ernest Efflnger and Llna Niglls.
HAGEDORN— KAFKA— In Vallejo, February
9, 1901. by the Rev. Father W. A. Netter-
vllle, O. P., Henry H.'. Hagedorn and. Edna
F. Kafka, both of San Francisco.
JURGENS— KRUGER— In this city, February
16,-1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeltng, William
. Jurgcns and Anna Frieda Kruger. .
6NT3DEN— STEADMAN— In this city. - Febru-
ary 14, 1001, by the Rev.- John> Stephens,
Merle B. Sneden of • NUes, Cal.. and Maud*
- B. Steadman of San Francisco. t
STEWART— REIMERS— In this city. February
16, 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Charles
F. Stewart and Wllhelmlno Margaretha
Relmers. ¦ 1 -- r '. - ,
SWIFT— LJNEH AN— In this city. , January SO,'
1901. by the Rev. '¦ P. ; D.~ Brady, ( Joseph ¦ E.
.Swift and Mamie F. LJnehan, • both of San
f Francisco. .¦'•" ¦ • . ,. / .- ,-¦* <.< •
UEHLINGER-BOSS-In this city. February
16, 1901, by the >. Rev. : J. ? Fuendeltng, August
¦ Uehllnger and Margaretha Boss, both of
Vallejo, Cal . '
MARRIED.
POST. C27— Newly furnlched front room reason-
able; !>mall. sunny room. $1 23 week; gentle-
man preferred.
POLK. 605— Large nicely furnished pleasant
rooms: bath, gas; reasonable.
{".10 CAEH. $7 monthly; 4-room cottage; good
well of T/ater. email barn, chicken shed and
run; S fine lots. 75x100; picket fenced; excel-
lent co!l: charming v:ew: beat climate; near
two electric car lines: SO-foot boulevard and
rioiel 6chftolhouse; away from cold winds
and f^K-J SO families have located here within
2 years: price, alt told. tSSO. Call or send
for clrTilar, OS Seventh Ft., Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland, carriage free, II. Z. JONES,
cwnf r. I
55 ACRKP. Harwards, J1E00: hous*. barn. Home
fruit: n*-ar tewn; tool*-, etc. C. K. KING,
fir.2 Eroadway. Oakland.
6 1-8 ACRES iiesr Walnut Creek, Contra Costa
¦ County, t!t50: house and barn. See C. K.
KING, S:2 Broadway. Oakland.
BAST OAKLAND hfline; lovely location; 11-
rnora hf>i:e«: Int 37:6x140 to- alley; $r".O0: easy
terms. C. K. KING. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
OIL lands; Kern River district; 123 psr acre";
near wells; deeded Unds. See C. K. KING.
fc.M Drosdwuj*. Oakland.
JPW-PUILDTNG let 40x140; choicest location
6l<~ng Grove rt.: between 2 electric lines;
X>r!<~» r«>fluce.l for a quick Rale; buy before
the Imi'.rtinr bocm. AtrSTIN & CO., IOCS
nroartwey, Oakland.
PARTIES having furnished or unfurnished
rooms, apartments, flat', houses or business
property for rent, please list with us; we
have the most perfect facilities In the city
for securinr hleh-grade and desirable ten-
ant". ELDER Rental Information Bureau.
"2 Kearny St.. first floor.
PINE. S13. near Powell— Nicely furnished single
front room: closet; l-rivate family: JG 50. '
ScMjj^tej:
215-217 Sutter ' Street, Ab'ove Kearny
WeH; our new Carpets are
here — beauties,-, too. Just the
kind you wantto give an individ-
uality and coziness to your office
or home: ; Different from the
same old kind carried over from
one season to the other, at so
many stores. Brand new,, fresh
from the factory where Ave make
our selections. The best of qual-
ity, style and weaving— the best
of Carpets for the best of homes.
New
Gar pets!
Sim*)— FINE building Jot. 100x125 feet. Jn Pied-
mont: worth 15000: ninrtg^ge S7iO; must be
fid; buy before the building boom. AUS-
TIN it- CO.. H-n? Broadway. Oakland.
}.t,'(i-BP.AXD ncrv horn* ri ; room*, bath, bay-
winaotv, or*a plumbing, high basement,
t;rick foundation, sliding doors end every
:ne<1*rri convenience; lot 32x116: right on Mar-
k't St.; run ail day: stone walks laid: street
v>rk cotsplete: handy to cars; easy terms of
raymrnt. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway.
Oakland. - •
f22T/l— VERT fine cottage will- be built for you
on lot i'xlOO on cast side of Market st..
n*ar Thirty-sixth; fine large rooms, bath.
ba^rmerit and ever}* modern improvement;
rayy tir.*, or any other lot in the tract you
may f^lect. WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 003
Broadtvay, Oakland.
BIRTHS— I«ARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication of flees, and be
Indorsed with the name and residence ot- per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
" r V BORN.
BUZZINI— In this city. February ' 1L 1901, to
the wife of Joseph Buzzlnl, a son. -
COSBIE-^In this city, February 15, 1901, to
. the wife of Henry Cosble. a son.
DOUGLAS— In Clayton, February 10, 1901, to
the wife of H. D. Douglas, a daughter.
HAVISIDE— In this city. February 4. 1301. to
the wife of H. T. Havlslde. a eon.
HEALT— In this city. February 2, 190L to the
wife of W. J. Heaty, a son. •
JORDAN— In this city, ' February L 1901. to
the wife of James Jordan, a son.
KELLY— In this city. February 15, 1901. to the
wife of Francis J. Kelly, . a son. ¦
MURRAY— In this city, February 18, 1901, to
the wife of Henry Murray, a son.
NELLE— In Oakland, January*^3, 1901. to the
wife of Harry W. Nell*, a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city. February 11. 1901, to
"the wife of Charles L. O'Brien, a- daughter.
BCHOEPPE— In this city, February 13. 1S0L to
the wife of Edward W. Schoeppe. a son.
SIGLE— In this. city, February 15; I90L' to the
wife of Charles N. 'SIgle, a son.
SLEVIN— In this city, February 1J. 1901. to
- the wife of Thomas B. Slevln, a daughter.
TABOR— In Alameda, Cal., ' February 15, 1901,
to the wife of Charles .E. Tabor, a daughter.
TAYLOR— In thlsjclty, February 12, 1901, to
the wife of George P. Taylor, a son.
WOOD— In Vallejo, February 2, 1901, to the
wife cf Robert Wood, a daughter.
The charge for cremation to church members
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families la
130. All others $33. Expensive coffins and or-
naments are seldom uced. A niche in tba Co-
lumbarlan is a monument and saves the cost
of a lot and Us care and- stone work. Send for
circular. .
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Assotfation,
CREMATION.
GUERRERO. SC5— Furnished bedroom and pa-
lor, piano, use of kitchen, $14; 1 single room.
HOWARD, 630— A nice single sunny front
room to let cheap. •
HOWARD, 2S14— 1 or 2 furnished rooms In
warm belt of Mission; private family; refer-
ences" required.
JONES, 611— Newly furnished rooms for gents
only. ¦ f . .
LARKIN, 707, nr. Ellis— Newly furnished sunny
front room; rent $6 month; private family.
MARKET. 1CS5. bet. 6th and 7th— Nice sunny
furnished rooms; gents preferred: transient.
MCALLISTER. 412. flat No. 1. near City Hall—
Nicely furnished rooms; sunny; bath; rent
reasonable. ' " •.
LARKIN. 804-*-Eunny single furnished room,
14 50; small housekeeping room, furnished or
unfurnished. •
MCALLISTER. 2000. corner Central ave.— Sunny
single rooms, SI per week. 54 per month.
MINNA. 43*— Single sunny furnished front
room, $5r other rooms.
MINNA. 667.\corner Eighth— Newly furnishel
bay-window room: SI per week: transient.
MIESION'. 1514. near Eleventh— Pleasant alrj
room; one or two young: men; Jl 60 per week.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1016 Market St.— Nicely
furnished room*. JJ a week up; 33c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 7T0— Nicely furnished room; gas,
running water; gentlemen preferred: rent $10.
OTAKREU* 805— Neatly furnished bedroom
for gentleman; rent reasonable;, board if
desired.
GROVE. 214—3 nicely furnished rooms; gas;
bath and telephone; rent reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Koutheaet corner Seventh
and Mission stsT— Sunny rooms, en «u!te or
single; ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
n and 25 Fifth st. . TeL South 1S7. I
IUKEKAL DISECT0R3 AND EKBALKES*. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. |
GOLDEN GATE. 1206— Sunny unfurnished par-
lor suite; board optional; also unfurn. hskpg.
GOLDEN GATE. 520— Room suitable for on- or
twe gentlemen; reasonable-; private family.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
FULTON, 636 — Front sunny room, suitable for
2 gentlemen, board optional; single rm.; priv.
FULTON. 525— Large furnished double room;
bath; suitable for 2 rentlemen.
FOURTH. 149— Newly furnished sunny rooms
• from 15 up to $12 per month. . -.¦: ;••
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Elmer H. Darby. 21, 201 Ash avenue, and
Mary E. Driscoll, 22, 64S Stevenson street.
Fablo Fanucchi, 32. 1012 Montgomery street,
and Cwelda Chell. 21. 4 Russell street.
Charles Berwln. 84. 1611 Webster street, and
Anna Zweren, 20, 106 Eighth street.
John Chellnl. 29. 332 Sixth street, and Louise
A. Brlcca. 23, 913 Battery street:
Kdward A. Klein. 30. 731 Pine street, and
Annie C. Zimmerman. 25. 731 Pine street.
Joseph J. Crudo, 25, 41S Green street, and
Alice C. Tlcoulet, 21. .'3 Silver avenue.
Victor A. Vaccaro, 26. 420 Filbert street, and
Annie A. Gatto. 23. 617 Greenwich street.
Henry F. Bentzen. 3S. 2873 Twenty-second
street, and Christine Stacker. 2S, 222* California
street.
Charles E. Hart, 25. 910 Stelner street, and
'Lizzie L. FifliMd. 23, 1362 Webster street.
William C. RodBers. 33. 1704 Mission street,
and Florence S. Uglow, 28| 1704 Mission street.
Agostlno C. Armaninl. 29, Colma, .and Cath-
arine J. Piagglo. 19, 1622 Stockton street.
Edmond Scanlan, 33, 2013 Bryant street, and
Hannah Donohue. 30, city.
Cornelius J. Turner, 27. 517 Hayes street, and
Mary J. Edwards. IB. 517 Hayes street.
• Thomas F. Harney, 24. city, and Theresa M.
Collum, 21, city.
Henry M. Moffltt. 2S, city, and Harriet M.
Derby, 24, city.
Andrea L. Ferrari, 27. 15 Ohio street, and
Nettle M. Capelll. 17. SOO Seventh street.
John T. Lennox. 22. 323 Duncan street, and
Theresa F. Breen. IS. 245 Bright street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
EDDY. 603— Double parlor floor: elegant rooms;
fitted up to eult: rent reasonable.
EDDT. 429— Partially furnished room* also one
large furnished room; rent reasonable.
CLEMENTINA. 63 — Four large rooms; cheap
rent. Key at 23 Clementina et.
BUSH, 10*4— Elegant suite of rooms for gen-
tleman only; private house.
PROPOSALS received by. REID BROTHERS,
Claus Spreckels building, for removal of
buildings on lot as follows: Said lot having
a frontage of 31 feet on Mission st.. 160 feet
on west side of Shaw alley, and 40 feet on
Minna st.
EUSH. iiO (The Elk)— Changed hands: nicely
furn. sunny rms.. single, en suite, newly reno-
vated: all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
(3099— WILL start building next week on tho
northeast corner of Thirty-fifth and Market
Ets.; fine two-story house, 6 l$rge rooms,
bath. r«*ception hall, large closets; concrete
bafoment with laundry: every modern con-
venience; easy term*; see plans "at offlce.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. *0J Broadway. Oak-
land.
6. M. DODGE & SON.
11C0 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
A FEW OF OUR SNAPS.
$300— Lot 10Cxl41; house 4 rooms; near school
and electric cars; first com?, first served;
snap.
J239— Lot 25x127 :«; house 6 rooms and bath;
on Twelfth St.; mortgaged to Oakland
bank for S1209, which can remain. :
$8W— Let 5^x100; north side Thirty-sixth »t.,
brtTf-en Kan Pablo and Market st.
$3500— r^xlZS; eight rooms and bath (new); this
1b a boautiful home; must be seen to.be
appreciated.
Carriages free; always ready to show
properties. . ; * . -
F. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland.
A CHOICE LIST OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$V>00— Worth to-day 112.000; cost S1S.000; hand-
F^rrie 12-rocm home; central; large grounds;
r.-.ust sell.
K"/> cash, T23 month; price 13000— New 8-room. .
C-story house; never occupied; eIx blocks of
Fourteenth and Broadway.
K» oash, J20 month; j.rice $2400— New 8-room.
8 mumt hou**: bank eaJe; near Adeline station.
?1750 — Neiir Clinton station; bay-window 6-
room cottace: sunny side; bituminized street.
S31if>— Fruitvale ave.. corner 10-room home;
lot 141^239; must be eoU; bargain.
fT-MX). worth SCCOO — Corner stores and fiats; alx
block* of Fourteenth end Broadway; owner
Brost e-ell.
IITIO— One cf the coziest new Colonial homes;
rrar Telegraph ave. ; make offer this week.
$!*X— Modern corner flats; choice location;
central; con owner jgooc.
JC6.'.O— Ntar Twenty-eighth and Telegraph
8ve.: extra well-built J-room home; 40x180;
bargain.
t2T.f>0— Foreclosure; sr.ap: Telegraph ave. and
Thirty-third St.; T-roorn cottage; fine lot, 60xl6S;
t«c facrlfice.
S s rfi — Store and 4-room house on corner In
Weft Berkeley; ectat-*; must cell. ¦
$2 r -<W-Stnre and S rooms; upper Bat of C
r<-oms; one block of Broadway; rents $25.
IS5O— Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, windmill,
tank; 60x100; near Grove st.
*27i0— Sacrifice; own^r called to Honolulu;
modern k-room home; 7^x1(0; Grove and Thirty-
f :xih EU.
S1650— Neat bay-window cottage; 6 rooms,
bath; eunny side Thirty-second at., near Grove.
LAYMANCE KKAL ESTATE CO..
Offices 4C0-402 Eighth St.. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1864)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
BRYANT. 607— $5 monthly; front furnished
room In pleasant American family.
BRANNAN. 403. near Third— 3 or 4 rooms; also
suitable for offlce; rent $13.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. '
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 88 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable at the
* offlce of the company. 327 Market at., on and
after Wednesday. February 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books will clone on Thursday, February
14, 1901, at S o'clock p. m.
E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 311 Grant ave.— Best dollar
a dav family hotel In city: polite attendance:
large rooms; modern conveniences; rooms 50c
up; flrst-claes meals 25c; free coach.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
bouse In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd I'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to SI per night: SI 25 to S5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
THUSSES.
MANUFA'R: elastic stockings, shoulder braces
supporters made, repaired: Menge, 503 Kearny
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore Et.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
4 SUNNY housekeeping rooms, furnished; large
grounds; reason. KE. cor. Sutter and Stelner.
GOLDEN V.'EST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mls-
flon St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
3 ROOMS furnished for housekeeping on Geary
ft. $14 per month. Apply Elder Rental Bu-
reau. 22 Kearny st.
STOItAGF. AXD W.Vr*KIIOCSES.
p7E^C^RolD^LTH~ito^gT7mr^lo^mT^oTr
office. Post and Powell it*.; tel. Main C713.
TWELFTH, 12. nr. Market— 1 or 2 bedrooms
and kitchen, furnUhed for housekeeping.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needle* and
shuttles: reduced rates. 14.1 6th; phone Mint 1
STOCKTON, 603— Nicely furnished, sunny
rooms, single or en suite; also housekeeping
rooms with all conveniences.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SIXTH. 126— Sunny rooms for light hous-ke*p-
ing; also room for gentleman.
Milk ranch cf 32 acres; S acres In bearing
fruit; house of 7 rooms; stable, chicken houses;
pool w#>n. windmill and tank: for rent at $15
r*>r month: Ftcx-k and Implements for sale,
consisting of G cows, 1 milk wagon. 15 cane
and farming implements; all for 1150. For full
particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITXER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
tKA—Cor.y cortace of 3 rooms and bath; high
basemTil; brick foundation; good well, wlnd-
rr.lll and tank; stable, shed, chicken house; 18
fruit trees; lot 7^x100; fenced.
SHOO— ?ir>o cash, balance came as rent; mod-
ern cottage of £ rooms and bath; basement,
etc.; lot 50x146; must be sold; an opportunity
vcrih investigating.
J1I30 — House of 4 rooms, cta.b!e. Incubator
house. li chicken houses. 75 chickens. 50
pigeons; large brooder house; 7 brooders; In-
cubator; pood horse, harness ar.cl wagon; lot
100x150; all fenced.
VJ00-CHO1CE BARGAIN.
New cottage of 4 large rooms; 7-foot base-
ment; £ood brick foundation; bath, closets,
;antry; r^arble wa^hftand; chicken house; lot
:T5xliO; »!1 fenced; Cne location; Just the place
for raising chickens.
SEVENTH, 242— Large housekeeping rooms;
also other rooms: cheap.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
*v)«tase paid.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUITLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guarnn-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission. nr.lSth.
O'FARRELL.. 742— 2 or 3 furnished rooms: com-
plete for housekeeping, rear parlor floors.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Large bay-win-
dow; tun all day; large front room and
kitchen.
OCTAVIA, 13-Two sunny unfurnished house
keeping rooms; sas; 'bath; use of parlor.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10;. tel. B580.
L.ADIKS— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
SCIENTIFIC massage, physical culture, medl-
. cal gymnastlcsi vapor and hot air baths;
hours. 9-6; Sundays, 10-12; tel. James 1581.
Wagner's Institute, 143 Stockton, cor. Geary.
MCALLISTER, SSS— Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite; sink, pas range, bath, laundry.
MIXNA. IS— Nice eunny furnished front house-
keeping and single rooms very cheap.
NATOMA. ' 245— Furnished rooms, SI, Jl 25;
housekeeping, it to i>or week.
OAK. 31— Sunny corner suite: gas range and
fire crate; cne block from Market.
LIBERTY, 12?, near Valencia— Five or six
large, handsomely furnished rooms, complete
fop housekeeping; gras stove, piano, phone;
odlet. pleasant surroundings; convenient to
cars; very desirable.
1000 GALLONS very old port and eherry wine;
reduced from $2 to $1 per gallon for one week
only. Johannesburg Wlno Vaults, 517 Cali-
fornia St.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
JESSIE. 419 — Houeekeepinc rooms, J7 per
month; single bedrooms from (1 up.
SPECIAL NOTICE— The Home bu'.ldlnj Com-
jir.ny has removed Its offlce to south 6lde of
icliroad track on Fruitvale avenue.
$T<0 — House of 2 rooms and hlzti basement:
ccrrir l^t: -cenjtnt tidewaik; 2 blocks
from Fmitvale ave.; terms. J3.S0 per
month.
j20c_Hnt;£^, 6 larze rooms; 1 block from
Hay wards car line; chicken houses;
(:ocd birr.; well ar.d city water; your
own terms.
fTHB " I'rmrt or 6 reens an-1 bath; lot ::2 by
U2; large barn; fine place for chickens;
city water.
JCOO— House cf 4 rooms: lot CO by 60; good
>>ump.
$1500— Mcderci 5-roora house, hardwood man-
tel, batli and hleh basement; chicken
houses: two blocks from station; good
Fidevra'k.
$1COO— House oi S rocms. bath: larje lot; ne.ir
Ftation: we will lean you the money to
buy this rl«ce.
SSOO— Nice home; S rooms, bath; large stable:
eeveral chicken houses; city water; lot
EO by IjC; terms to suit.
Houses cf all kinds for rent. Remember
this efifiress.
THE KOilE BUILDING COMPAXT.
South side of railroad track.
Fruitvale avenue.
VT. E. RUDELL. Fruitvale. Cal.
FRflTVALE HKAI, ESTATE.
WANTED— Sunny housekeeping rooms by
mother and daughter; reasonable; north of
Market st. Box 1804, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished room with runnln*
water; eras: walking distance from Fifth and
Market; $10- a month. Box 16S8. Call ofHce.
EL.LIS. 420— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping 1 , and others; bath, eras, telephone.
FULTON. 116-Furnished housekeeping rooms
and others from >« up; sunny. ,
GOI.DEX GATE ave., C<0 — Sunny corner suite
with kitchen; al6p other rooma. ?
GROVE, 104— Sunny front room with kitchen
for housekeeping; newly furnished; other
rooms.
HOWARD. 1053'/4— 2 completely • furnished
connecting housekeeping rooms; running;
water; range: $9; also others.
HTDE. 408-Sunny salt* housekeeping rooms;
J17 per month.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
ELLIS. 621— Front suite. 3 rooms, newly fur-
nished for heavy housekeeping; gas; $12 50.
EI-I-1S. 414— J ulcely furnished rooms for house-
keeping!
LEAVENWORTH, 1C03— Large sunny parlor;
also other rooms; all conveniences; excellent
board.
ROOMS with board, bath, gas. $18. $M; private
family; gentlemen only. llOtt McAllister at.
ROOMS and board; price* reasonable. 415
First »t. ¦
CLARA. S3--3 cr 4 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping. ¦ ¦ *•
BPFI1. 1203— Two or more rooms lor housekeep-
ing; batb ar.d cat.
A— HOTEL. Robinson, 10IJA Market; new man-
agement: furnished room?, *>n suite or single;
rultes for hkpg; very reasonable prices; ele-
vator corvlce; transient; phone Howard 10S.
nOOllS FOR HOrSKKlJKPlSG.
GERMAN family woulrl like to get two gentle-
men for room and board; nice sunny front
rooms. 1113 Howard st.
icr.EQANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments,, with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. IWA Broadway, cor, 12rn st., Oak-
land, top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON'.Prop.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Gracs
Church, with annex 807 California 8t.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms »X modest tates.
ROOMS AKD JJOAItD.
CJIKAPEST and t*st In America— The Weekly
Cull. 15 pages. f*nt to any address in the
United StatPs or Canada r,n» year for II.
Opportunities
at our store this week
ON OUR THiRD FLOOR which is given. exclusively to
ladies' ready-to-wear garments, you will find at all season's of
the year the best styles represented in suits, corsots, muslin
underwear, skirts, and waists. At the end of each season in
order to make room for the arrival of new goods, we mark
goods of the past season at such a reduction in price as will
close them out quickly. This week late buyers -will have a
harvest in the following : t
*W ~^T T 1 1 * % *
waiKing oKirts
* this winters' styles
$ 5.50 Rainy day Skirts Reduced. to. $2. 75
6.50 Walking Skirts Reduced to 4.00
8.50 and $10.00 Walking Skirts Reduced to 6.00
9.75 and 10.00 Pedestrian Skirts Reduced to 7.50
11.75 and J 2.oo Walking Skirts Reduced to if 8.00
Dress Skirts
Dress skirts in all wool French plaids, BcHlliantines and
Serges in both plain and appliqued, formerly $6*5O, r $7.5<v
$8.50 and $11.00
Now $4.00
Flannel Shirt Waists
manufactured from the best quality of all wool French4flanne # k
and Henrietta cloth, in choice designs and colorings :
£3-5°. 3-75 and 4.00 Waists reduced to $2.75 -each
4.50 and 4.75 ".; 3.00-.each
5-5°» 5-75 and 6.00 " • 4.00 each
6.50, 6.75 and 7.00 " 4.50reach
Knit Underwear ! '"
Lower Fioor-ACknterMsle>
Broken assortments, in odd sizes and colors hence the/immense,
reductions.
T J* o' \T «•?•« . V.' -. ,
ljuaies v esis ¦ \
$ .75 Lisle Vests, short sleeves ' reduced«to,$A.50
1. 00 v 4 ' ¦ " long sleeves reduced to .75
.90 " " yellow, no sleeves reduced to .50
1.25 " " yellow, short sleeves reduced to .So
i-75 " " yellow, long sleeves reduced to 1.25
1.70 Silk and Wool (heavy) no sleeves reduced to 1.25
2.30 " " " "short sleeves reduced to 1.50
3-OO " " " long sleeves reduced to. j 2.00
Ladies' Equestrian Tights
'$K5O Cotton and Wool Tights reduced to $1.00
2.00 Pure Wool Tights reduced to 1.25
3.50 Silk and Wool Tights reduced to 2.50
5.00 Pure Silk Tights reduced to 2^50
6.50 Heavy Pure Silk Tights reduced to 3.00
Ladies' Union Suits
$3.00 Merino Suits, Natural and White reduced to $2.00
3.75 Silk and Lisle Suits, Black only reduced to 2.75
7.35 Pure Silk Suits, Black only reduced to 5.00
, Children's Underwear
Closing out all our odd sizes at greatly reduced prices.
Ladies' Hosiery
Odd lines at prices to close
$1.00 Colored Lisle Hose reduced to .85 pair
1. 00 Opera Length Hose reduced to .35 ••
2.25 Colored Spun Silk Hose reduced to .85 ->*Vf
1.75 and $2.50 Silk and Wool Hose reduced to 1.00 f*;
5.00 Heavy Knitted Silk Hose reduced to 1.25 '•
.25 Black* Cotton, Childrens' Hose reduced to .12^'*
Children's Imported
Ribbed Polka Dot Hose
in Navy Blue, Royal Blue and Tan, with extracted white dots,
the regular 50c quality, on sale at
Sizes 5, 's}4, 6 and 6}£ 20c a pair
Sizes 7, 7 l j and 8 22c "
Sizes 8}4 9 and g}4 25c '•
Above goods are on display in our tcindoics.
129 Kearny Street
VALENCIA, S22-Cnanged hands; newly fur-
nished sunny bay-window suite; other rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
TURK. 613—3 unfurnished sunny rooms: be-
tween Van Ness and Polk; *13 per month.
TURK. 332—1 large housekeeping room; 1 sun-
ny front room suitable for 2 gentlemen or
dressmaker.
TURK. 32— Newly furnished sunny front rqpms,
16 to $12: also nice suite. $15.
SUTTER, S:0«4— Changed hands; newly, reno-
vated; single rooms, $$; suites, $12 to $2o mo.
!C7"FrW>nds and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 314 Fremont street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
poul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress
Cemetery.
GRACE-In this city. February- 16. 1901. Tlm-
otny C. Grace, beloved father of Mrs. W. C.
Gray and Mamie Grace, a native of In-
diana, aged 62 years. - ¦•;•!.
HALEY— An anniversary solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated 'In St. Rose's Church,
to-morrow (Monday), at 9 o'clock/for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Mary Haley,
wife of William Haley. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
HERRMANN-In Alameda. February 1$. 1901,
Conrad Herrmann, beloved husband of An-
toinette C. Herrmann, and brother of Henry
Herrmann, a native of Culmbach. Bavaria,
Germany, aged 43 years and 25 days.
CD'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2217 Alameda avenue. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery, via A3 o'clock creek boat
from OnklanU.
HUGHES— In this city. February 16, 1901. Ger-
trude Manruerite,' dearly beloved and only
daughter of Patrick and Catherine Hughes,
and beloved sister of Harry and Thomas
Hughes, a native of San , Francisco, aged 1
year and 6 months. •
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
lTJ r Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late. resi-
dence, 1S19 Laguna street. Interment pri-
vate. Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsond
.streets. Please omit flowers.
GALLAGHER— In this city, February 16. 1901.
Maggie, beloved wife of Dennis Gallagher,
daughter of Henry and Alice Canning, and
sister of Harry. Katie and Agnes Canning, a
native of Philadelphia, aged 26 years 3
months and 5 days.
CT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
FIUREN— In this city. February 15. 1901. Mrs.
Fiuren. dearly heloved wife of J. II. Fiuren,.
a native of Oakland.
FRANK— In this city, February 16. 1901, Moses
J. Frank, brother of Mrs. Isaac Cookj Henry
Frank and Mrs. "John A. Cook ot New York,
a native of New York, aged 59 years 6
months and 22 days.
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
FALLON-In this city. February 15. 1901,
James J. Fullon, beloved father of James.
Frank and Walter Fallon, and brother of
Mrs. Emma Newcomb. a native of Newbury-
port, Mass.. oged 46 years.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Elzhth. where services
will be held under the auspices of Valley
Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. .
DAVIES— In this city. February 15. 1901. Kitty,
beloved daughter of Mary and the late t>avld
Oaviefi, a native of Oakland. Cal.
EVANS— In this city. February 16, 1901, Ella
A., beloved wife of Arthur W. Evans, daugh-
ter of Patrick and the late Ellen Hogan, and
sister cf Thomas P. llogan. Fannie P. Stan-
ton. Mary Swift and Annie L. Effla. a na-
tive of San Francisco.
C^Friends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. R. are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral, which will be
held under the auspices of George H. Thomas
Post No. 2, G. A. R.. at their hall. 320 Post
6treet. this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. In-
terment George H. Thomas plat in National
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of A. W.
Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street. .
CRUSE— In this . city. February 15, 1901. John
H., beloved husband of Mary Cruse, and
uncle of Charles, Henry, Annie, Johnnv.
Alfred and George Binning, a native oZ
Hanover. Germany, aged 67 years 9 months
and 18 days.* A member of Valley Lodge No.
30, A. O. U. W.. and San Juan Lodge No.
67. I. O. O. F.
tt^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 231 Shipley street, thence to Third
and Townsend streets. 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment Salem Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city. February 14. 1901. Ben-
jamin Collins, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 60 years 7 months and 12 days.
C^TFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), i at
»:30 o'clock, from his late residence. 1023
Washington street, thence to St. Mary's
(Paulists") Church; corner Dupont and Cali-
fornia etreets, where a, requiem hleh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment strictly
private. Kindly omit flowers.'
CARROLL— In this city. February 16, 1901,
Veronica L., beloved daughter of Kate and
tha late John Carroll, sister of John J..
Bella A., Philip G.. George P. and James F.
Carroll, and niece of Mrs. K. Leonard, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 years 6
months and 13 days.
CLINOWSKY— In this city. February 16. 1901.
Hyman Clinowsky, a native of Russia, aged
60 years."
CLTFrlends and acquaintances and members
¦ of the Ancient Order of Foresters are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Forestera' build-
ing. 132 O'Farrell street, corner of Stockton,
under the auspices of the Executive Counci^
A. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of. Bunker &
Lunt, £66S Mission street. Mission Masonic
Temple.
CALLAHAN— In this city, February 15.. 1901.
Henry, husband of Ellen Callahan. a native
of-ficston, Mass.. aged 5S years 4 months
and 16 days. (Chlcaso," 111., papers please
copy.) y
. (t7Frlends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dnece, 1536 Oxfotd street, Berkeley. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. San Francisco.
Friends wishing to attend the. funeral will
take 9 o'clock broad gauge train.
BUTLER— In this city. February IS. 1801. Jo-
seph Butler, late a member of Court Mount
Hoyal No. £694, Ancient Order of Foresters,
Montreal, Canada, a native of England, aged
46 years 10 months and 26 days. ,
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from . tht parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
des Vlctoires. Bush street.
BOUDROW— In Berkeley, February 14. 1901.
Julia, beloved wife of Captain Charles Bou-
drow, a native of Halifax, Nova 8cotla, aged
6» years 8 months and 14 days. • .
BEATTIEJ— In this city, February 16. 1901. John
James, youngest and beloved son of John and
I Jennie Beattle, and brother of Thomas and
Charlie Beattle, a native of San • Francisco,
a^ed 6 days.
BARBOUR— In Oakland. February 13, 1901,
Mary Barbour, beloved mother of Joseph and
William Harbour and Mrs. A. McLauchlin.
(New Jersey papers, please copy.)
IL7Funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from St. Anthony's Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment private. Please
om'lt flowers.
BERGEROT— In this city. February 14, 1901,
Jean Berserot, beloved father trf Paraclette
Bergerot. brother of J. A. Bergerot, and un-
cle of P. A. Bergerot, a native of Basses,
Pyrenees, France, ased 70 years and 11
months.
DIED.
Beattie. John J. " Leroen. Orlando T.
Barbour, Mary MacCargar, Beulah
Bergerot, Jean McGinty, Mary
Boudrow, Julia McCarthy, Morris J.
Butler. Joseph --¦ McCarthy. Maurice
Callahan. Henry McLaUghlin.: Michael
Carroll. Veronica L. McNeil. Peter
Clinowsky, Hyman ' Martin. James H.
Collins, Benjamin Mitchell. Edward F.
Cruse. John H. Montgomery, Mrs. E.
Davies. Kitty Moore, Richard
Evans. Ella A. ' Mulligan. Peter
Fallon. James J. Reynolds, Walter C.
Fiuren. Mrs. . Samson. Adrian T.
Frank. Moses J. . Schnetz, Joseph
Gallagher. Maggie Shortt. Clara H.
Grace. Timothy C. ¦ Sires. Rebecca J.
Haley, Mary ¦ , Strasser. Herman
Herrmann, Conrad Von Pflster, Mary J.
Hughes, Gertrude M. Wilkinson. Mrs. M. L.
Larseji. Bertha L. • . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CTFriendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 'to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Monday), at 10 o'clock.
WILKINSON— In this city, February 16. 1901.
Mrs. M. L-. beloved wife cf O. F.- Wilkinson.
, and daughter of Frances and Frank T.- Bald-
win, a native of Augusta. 111., aged 26 yeari
8 months and 19 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 670 Hayes street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
VON PFISTER— In Benlela. February 15,1501.
. Mary J. von Pflster. widow of the late Cap-
tain E. H. von Pflster, and sister of the late
Mrs. Catharine Fischer.
'lET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Francis do-
Seles Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul.' Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
6IRES— In this city. Rebecca J. Siras. a na-
• tlve of Pennsylvania, aged 7* years 9 months
Rn<l 11 days.
STRASSER— In this city. February 15, 1301.
Herman, beloved son of A. Strasser. and
brother of Mrs. M. Werthelmer and Celia.
Leopold. Henry and Mon Strasser. a native
' of San Francisco, aged 32 years and 10
months.
ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February 19. from his late residence. 29 Ber-
nlce Ftreet. between Twelfth and Thirteenth.
Folsom and Harrison, thence to Druids' Hall.
413 Sutter street, where services will be held
' under the auspices of Slgel Helm No. 7. U.
A. O. I>. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
SHORTT— In Oakland. February 15. 1901. Clara
H. Shortt. beloved wife of the late Lawrence
H. Shortt. and sister of Mrs. C. T. Graham.
Mrs. N. J. Power. Mrs. Dr. Knill and Joseph,
Albert and Harry Tavernler. a native of Bal-
timore, Md. •
6C7"Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue.
' thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHNETZ— In this city. February 16. 1901. Jo-
seph Schnetz. beloved husband of Katherine
Schnetz, . and father of Joseph and the late
Olga K. Schnetz. a native of Baden. Ger-
many, aged CO years and 12 days. A mem-
ber of Keystone Lodge No. 2107. K. of H.,
and Sigel Helm No. 7. U. A. O. D.
inyNottce of funeral hereafter.
REYNOLDS— In this city.' February 16. 1901.
. "Walter C. beloved son of Thomas and Grace
Reynolds, and brother of "Wesley. Grace and
• Agnes Reynolds, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and S3 days.
SAMSON-In this city, February 16. 1901,
Adrian T., beloved son of Anna and the late
John Samson, and brother of Victor, Galusha
and Callstus I>, Samson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2S years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1233 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth.' Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
MULLIGAN-In this city.' February 16. 1901. at
. his residence, 1C21 Hyde street. Peter, .be-
loved husband of Elizabeth Mulligan, a na-
tive 'of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 66
years 2 months and 2 days.
FT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral this da7
(Sunday), at 12. o'clock, from th» funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's. Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNEIL-In this city. February 16, IDOL
Peter, beloved husband of Maria McNeil,
father of Mrs. \V. F. Nell, and stepfather
of D. J. Shine, a native of Liverpool, Eng-
land, ased 60 years. . :
MARTIN— In this city, February 15, 1901.
James Henry Martin, beloved husband of
Mary Ann Martin, and father of Laura Mar-
tin, a native of Cornwall, England, aged 42
years and 5 months.
MITCHELL— In LJvermore. Edward F., son of
Edward II. and Idelle G. Mitchell, aged 8
years 2 months and 19 days.
MOORE— In the City and County Hospital.
February 16. 1901, Richard Moore, a native
of Ireland, ased 45 years.
MONTGOMEFvi'— In this city, February 14. 1901.
Mrs. Eliza Montgomery, a natlvo of Ire-
land, aged 65 years..
Cy Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the funeral parlors of McGinn Uros.. 31 Eddy
strrtt. . ,
MCCARTHY— In the City and County Hospital,
February 16. 1D01. Maurice McCarthy, a na
tive of California, aged 39 years.
McGINTY— In this city. February 15 1901 !
Mary, beloved wife of William McGInty, and
beloved mother of Mrs. R. H. Nasle, a na-
tive of County Donegal, Ireland.
E^Frlenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o; clock, from her late resi-
dence iWVa Sixth street, thence to St. Rose 1 *
Church, Hrannan street, for services at 2
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. February 15, 1901,
Michael McLaughlin. uncle of Michael, Mary,
Richard. John, Susan and Lizzie Boden nnd
l>r. O. D. Hamlln of Oakland, Cal.. a native
of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 66 years.
of the parents, 324 Thirtieth street, between
Church and Sanchez. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. \
LARSEN— In Oakland. .February -13. 1901, Ber-
; tha L.-Larsen, a native of Norway, aged 53
years 4 months and 9 days. ,,
LEMEN- In this city. February 14, 1901. Or-
1 lando T. Lemcn, a. native of Urbana. Ohio,
aged 65 years 6 months and 10 days.
IC7"Friend9 are respectfully Invited -to at-
tend- the funeral services this day (Sun-
day), at 1 o'clock, at 320 Post street, under
the auspices of George H. Thomas Post No.
t, G: A. R. Interment Presidio.
MacCARGAR— In this city, February 16. 1901,
at 911 Polk street, entered Into rest. Beulah.
beloved mother of Adaline J. MacCarear, a
native of New York, aged 67 years; „
MCCARTHY— In this- city. February 16. 1901
" Morris J. McCarthy, heloved brother of Wil-
liam A. McCarthy, Mrs. George Sattler and
Mrs. John Dineen of Chicago. 111., a native
of New York City, aged 3S years. (Chicago.
III., papers please copy.)
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Cnfarn.
j;o— FIXE larse eottace on Linden at.
•IS — Modern cottage of 6 rooms ¦ and bath;
Twenty-fourth et.. near Broadway. ¦¦ '_¦.•:.- ¦-
?:c— Colonial cottage In f Piedmont.
J12 CO— Eattlake cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: handr to Adeline station,
AUSTIN & CO.. 10O8 . Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXU FURNISHED HOUSES.
IZO FOR rent furnished. 10-room" house; fine
view of Lake Merritt* first-class neighbor-
hood: 217 Nineteenth et. C. K. MARSHALL,
HIS Broadway. •
OAKLAXD rCRMTUllE5"Kt#n SALE.
AN Introduction to you frcm H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
CHEAPEST ar.«l best In America— The Weekly
Call. l£ pare*. »ent to any address la the
Vnlted ftate* cr Canada cne year for }L
TK-fftaire paid.
:."0— FOR the finest building site on Grove et.,
n»ar Unlven>ltr ave.
$1100 — V'-foot lot on Bancroft way. er.ft of rail-
road; a map.
fflfflfl Hi font lot on Walnut rt. for cnly S1300;
street work a'l done.
A DABOAUC.
J-/M0-- Lively home in the Scer.tc Park, near
ccllepe. MAY & MORTIMER,
' fFomerly O. G. May & Co.)
SiSTAi — (X"ZY cottage 4 rooms, bath, hiph base-
nr-TU : DC car line an<l close to ptation: lot
«f'XlL'o: A snap; S100 cash an<3 easy monthly
payment*. li. D. IRWIX. Lorin station.Wheat and Other Grains:
WHEAT— New .Tork .and Liverpool stood
about the same, • but Parii futures "were ; lower.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ • u M w
Sterling : Exchange, sight .;....:.. — ; ¦¦ ..4 mu
Sterling Cables ...... ..:.."..;;;*....'.i/_ - 4 9() ij
New-York Exchange, sight ._ ; mi
SVw -York ; Exchange, : telegraphle — : * m2
Silver, > per .ounce ¦;. __ . / ¦ j x 3
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 50 0 61
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, '24<g26c *
COFFEE— Futures " closed" barely • steady i in
tone, with prices net unchanged' to- 5 points
lower/ :- 'yotal sales amounted to • 19.750 bagx
including: Februap-; Jtt SO; March. $5 75; 'May
$3 80; July and September, $5 S5; October, $5 J5-
November. $6; December, ¦ $6 10. •. Spot RI6
quiet; No. 7 invoice, 7}»c; mild, quiet; Cordova
S©12Vic. ¦ ¦-.;¦¦ -.: :. -,-.¦> ... .',; ;. .
i . SUGAR-^-Steady. -Fair .refining, :zWc; cen
trifugal, S6 test, 4 %c; molasses . suear. 3Vjc;
refined, ; quiet; standard A,- 6.30c; confectioners'
A, 5.50c; mold A,'6.S5c;" cut- loaf, 6c;«crushed,
HOPS— Quiet' State 'common ¦ to choice 1900
crop, 17020c: 1899, 116>15c; old olds,- 2@«c; p - a
clflc Coast. 1900 crop, 17@19c; 1S99, ll@15c* old
olds, 4@6c. •¦•. . • . . . :
-HIDES— Firm. California, 21 to 25 pounds
19c. ¦ -. : ¦ / --..¦¦;.. \ •
' "n'HEAT-^Recelpts.*. 9100 bushels. Spot, dull;
No.. 2 red. S0%c f. o. b. afloat and 79>£d ele
vator; No.' 1 Northern Duluth, 87c f , . 0. ' b.
sfioat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 90c f. o..b. afloat.
Options opened easy "on account ! of disappoint
ing cables, heavy Australian exports, bearish
prospects, weekly statistics on- Monday and
scattered unloading. The market finally rallied
a little with corn and closed steady an* un
changed. -March. 79@79%c, closed 79«c May
Tj%<8 80c. closed 80c; July, 79 6-16«79V4c,! closed
79%C ¦ . . ¦ ' ¦ . . ,-...';; .-.....,.-. ,
NEW YORK; Feb. 16. -FLOUR— Receipts.
1S;SW barrels; exports,' 16,218. 'Unsettled * and
culet." with traders 10@20c'. apart on some
grades. Minnesota patents. ' $4 1004 80; Minne
sota, bakem, $3@3 25: winter patents, $3 6504;
winter . straights. $S 45@3 60; extras, $2 50@2 85;
winter low grades, $2 4502 60. • -
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK. Feb. 16.— There was touch con
fusion and doubt regarding the speculative
outlook manifest In th« movement of prices In
to-day's etock market and the professional
traders were obliged to change sides several
times during the cour*« of the short session.
The- opening strength Beeroed to'be due to Lon
don operations and gave way Immediately
«*ter the opening. There was manifest ap
prehension over the aliowln* to be made by
th* bank statement. The eteel stocks were re
actionary, partly over the delay In th* an
nouncement of the terms of the merger and
partly over the probability of a probing by
th« Industrial commlsFlon. The internal dls
pcnslons In the smelting company were re
rponslble for the weakness of these «ecurities
and 'reported dissatisfaction on the part of
EnirliEh minority stockholders In Anaconda
•ftsj; reflected. In & decline In that stock and
In Amalgamated Copper. The mrtal stocks as
e. whole, therefore, made rather a poor show
ing. Tin Plate. National Bteel preferjred and
'*P"»der«J Fteel preferred w«n exceptions. Tin
Plate rising at one time 2H over last night
aitd closing with a net gain of l"i. The
strength .of Burlington and of Delaware and
Hudson made the feature of the market. They
led a rally after the opening weakness and
they checked the. selling induced by the bank
statement, modifying what promised to be a
weak closing into dullness and heaviness. As
a rule the list chows n«*t losses ranpins: up to
over a point for many of the prominent trad
ing docks. General Electric lost Sft of its
rise. Tke bank statement proved fully as
weak as the pessimists had propbesled and un
mistakably cortFtitutes a danger signal to spec
ulators, although the rerenlty shown by the
Cntcnclal "world in face ot the showing prevents
any acute apprehension. Th« speculation In
rtocks quieted down *th;s week. The pause in
the excited upward movement of stocks brought
the inevitable realizing movement and the
bearish traders took advantage of this selling
to rut out short lines, but the bears wera by
00 mean* aggressive and they seemed content
with a cul£k tarn on the short elde, thus
causing an early check to the declining ten
<5enov and some recoveries; There are too many
pcwFlbllltlea trtill hanging over the market of
further Important developments looking toward
additional consolidation of railroad Interests
end extension of the community of interests
aroong crcat railroad systems and capitalists
W afford n>ucb,A-anta*e ground for bear at
tacks on the market b«>ond the limits of hold-
Ings by weak speculators who have not_ re
eaurces to defend their holdings or to hold
through a decline. There have not been lack-.
Ing signs that the process of absorption or
securities of minor railroads In the intercut* of
large railroad system* has been proceeding
and isolated Instances of -strength have per
sisted .n the -stock lUt all through the re
actionary tendency among: the • standard rail
road Btocks and the jr-cre prominent indus
trials. It U evident that plans are working out
regarding th? Southwestern rallroada and
probably recarfllng al»3 the north and t south.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
TJ S 4s coup...il3H114i,4lU S 4s cp(new)137%138Vi
Do 4s reg 113.ttH4ttr.'-I)o 3s coup.. — 112
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P Co 3s.lO5 lOoVi Oak W Co 5s. — J02
Cai-st Cab 5S.116U— " Oceanic SS 5s.lOS?,ilO!sW
C C Water 53.108 108% Om C R 6s. ...128 —
E L & P 6a...l2SV4133*,l Pao G Imp in. 100 —
F & a Ry 6S.114*,* — .: Pk & Cl R 6s.lO3 —
Geary-st R 5s. — Pk & O R 6s. — '¦="*— S
Haw C 5%s...lOStf— Powell-st R 6sl20H —
Do 5s.. 105>,» — . S E G & R 5s — 10U
L A R R 5s..H2mi3 S F & SJV Bs.l2O 131 :
LA Lt 6s.... — — S'R'of Cal 6s.H0 —
Do Kntd 6s.. — *104 S P of A- 6s.. .113 — '
Do gntd 5s.. — — 3 P C 6s (1905)
L A P R 5s.. .102 — Series A '...110U— .
¦Markt-st C 6s. 128 — Do (Series B1110% —
Do 1st c 5S.123V4 — Do- (1906) ..:113H —
N C N G R "3 — 113<4| «Oo (1912) ...122»i —
N R of Cal 6s.H3 — S P C 1st g 5S.106H —
Do 6s 120*4121 S P Br R 6s.1I2 * —
N P C R R63.1014 — ' B V Water 6s..H3 —
Do 5s ....:.. .108>4 — Do 4s 104%
,N;C R R 5S..111H;— Do Jd mt?...102H —
O G L & H 58.112%.— Stkn G & E 6s — IOC
Oak Tr Co «s.H3 116U | ',¦»
WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa,.- 69 — IMarin- County. 52% —
Spring Valley. 93tf 94. J . . .
' : " • : GAS AND. ELECTRIC' STOCKS.
Cent L & P... S — Pac Lt Co..... 44 —
Equit Oas...i. -3*-4 8U Sac E G &.R.— * 37*4'
:Mut Elec Lt.. 7H< 8 S F O &. E.... 47% 49»4
O.G L & H... 49% 50 San Francisco. 4H 4',
Pao Gas Imp."44 ;— Stktn O & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.232 — J ''"..'
' ¦ '- BANK 'STOCKS. ''r*- '
Anglo-Cal .... 77 — Lon P & A... 144 120
iBank of Cal.. 410 — Mer Ex (Hq)..'ltT -
Cal Safe Dep. — 106 S F National. — 125
lst'N of S F.V— 312H fl 1%M wV'flJUllBl
- ' . SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1850 Sav & Loan.. I — — .
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 —- jUnlon "Trust.. .— —
S F Sav U... .512*4 — ~ IStttaMKHRmdH
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
"Callfornla-st 4133 140 6 s L 4 II.... o —
Geary-st ....... 47«i— Presidio ..:...— 20
Market-st ..... 69V» — .
P6WDER STOCK8.
California ....150 — IVlgorit ....... t% 1%
Giant Con 84Vi 8»Ul . . ¦ , .
- ,' SUQAR. STOCKS.
liana' "Plan.... Sfi 9 Kilauea 24 Mtfc
Haw Com 86 86% Makaweli .... 44* 4S>4
Honokaa ...J. 33% 34 Onomea :. 2SH —
Hutch S P 27*«i 27% Paauhau 34* 4 —
' - MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska - P A...125*,. — : .Oceanic SS ColOO 101%
Cal Fruit Can— 105 jPac A F. A'..^ -i —
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — . Wms C Bor Co. 153 —
¦ Mer Ex Assn.lO2V4 — [Parff Paint Co 12H —
; Mornings Session.' '- . . \
Board— «fizW
23 Alaska Packers' Association 125 23
'.- 25Cal Safe. Deposit t '..106 50 '
¦" 70 Cal Wine Asan 100 Ott
100 Equitable Gas I 25 '
60 Hawaiian Com'l & ; Sugar. . .... ...... 88 00
180 Honokaa S Co '.'... ....:..... ...;.'. 33 75
¦ 70 Hutchinson S P.- Co .".. 27 50 ¦
. 5 Kilauea S P Co 24 12%
25 Kilauea 8 P Co 24 00
¦ '8 Market Street Railway ...:;..*.... .... 63 so
40 Makawell S Co ..".*..........:..... 4475
- 5 Oakjand Gas. b Z.. .?...... 50 00
.OOOceanlc S S Co '?;. .V.r.^.V. ;;.V.l .•...;. 100 M
tSOOO Oceanic S S bonds..... 108 23 '
'. 125 Onomea Sugar. Co ..".."....."¦.......¦...... 23 60
¦¦> 220 Paauhau S PCo ; 34 75
EO S F Ga»"& Electric Co . ..%.*;.... ,V... 43 73 *
.¦175 S F Gas & Electric Co ....¦........;;.. 4) 00
$1000 Spring Valley 4s • (2d* mtge).. ...;.. 104 75
... Street—
10 Bank of .California ,. .410 £0
100 Cal Wlno Asm ......100 00
SATURDAY, Feb. 16—12 ra.
# — ¦ x
Business on the Bond Exchange was unusu
ally brisk for Saturday, but changes were few.
The sugar stocks were steady - and Hawaiian
advanced to $S6.
Trading was also good on the Oil Exchange,
but quotations showed no marked fluctuations,'
Sales on the Oil exchange last week were
113,030 shares, valued at $S9,075. The largest
transactions were; California 72*)
shares; Four, 4553; Lion, 9500; Occidental, '4S30;
Petroleum Center. 45.090: Monarch. > 6920; Reed,
4700; Junction, S500; Superior, 8200.'
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FORECAST
The rresyur* has risen rapidly during the
rsct twenty-four hours over Washington and
Oregon and has fallen along the Sierras and
e»Ftward to the Rookv Mountains.
Ol<-.u<1y w«-ather with occasional light showers
j>reval!F over the greater portion of the Pacific
Elsipt north of San Frsrncisco.
The temperature has fallen from 8 to 14 dc
rrrW along the coast from Cape Mendoclno
northward. * •
The foMowIne maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka. 26 miles per hour from the
pnuthwest; Neah Bay. SO from the west; Spo
kar.e 21 frcm the »<-»utb; Kaliepel. 34 from the
«=outhw«>!=t: Walla Walla. «2 from the soutb
-jrfrt: Carson City. 2S from the west; Pocatello.
T? from the south. * '
'Forccfift made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight. February 17:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
vsather In northern Dortion Sunday, fair In
southern jv">rtlnn; Boutheriy, changing to fresh
northerly winds. „ ~-\.Hll
Pouthrrn California— Fair Sunday; light
rr.rtli^rly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday, cooler.
Utah— rioudy Euniay, with light rain In
northern portion; fresh westerly winds; cooler
Runway night.
Arizona -Cloudy Sunday, wanner In south
ern j-ortlcn. -»
Pan Franrl«co and vicinity— Cloudy Bunday,
infh nOrt * W1^EXANDER G. McADIE,
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
ft, rr.lr.imum S3, mean 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
WASHINGTON.
. TACOMA. ; Feb: : 16.— WHEAT— Steady and
quiet; blue stem. 57*£c;.club, 55c.'.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. 16.— WHEAT— Steady,
with ¦ some" sales of Walla Walla reported at
55Q'56Hc. ¦ ¦ ' ¦.¦¦¦¦¦ > •
¦ ¦ Cleared— French bark General .do BoisdefTre
for Qucenstown with «2.079 bushels of wheat
and" 99.SS3 " bushels barley. .. •
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 16.— Clearings, $172,026;
balances, $37,840. ' .... • :
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, 6a*2V£d:
No. 2 red Western winter, Ds ll%d;- No. 1
Northern spring, 6fl 3d. Futures, quiet; March,
Es llVid; May. 6s.ll*id. . .
• CORN— Spot, firm;. American mixed new, 3s
lid; do. old, 3s 4*4d. Futures, quiet: February,.
3s lOtfd; March, 3s 9%d; May, 3s 8%d.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Feb. 16.— Consols, 87 11-16; silver,
£?Vsd; French rentes, 102f 30c; cargoes on pas
eage, rather easier; cargoes Walla Walla, ZSs
4>4d: English country markets, : quiet.. ".'
¦¦: LIVERPOOL, Feb. 16.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
standard : California; 6s 3V4d : wh%xt I In Paris,
weak; flour. In Paris, -weak; weatherMn Eng
land, milder.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 13-32d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW TORK, Feb. 16.— Trading in the mar
ket for metala was comparatively light to-day.
The absence of advlcea from abroad served to
check busiHess and quotations were generally
unchanged. Tin was quiet at $26 S0©26 87H:
spelter, Bteady, at $3 95©4; lead, dull, at $4 37H;
copper, dull and nominally quoted at $17 60 for
Lake Superior and $16 62% for casting and elec
trolytic; iron was quiet all round at old prices;
l-ig iron' wat rants, $9 SOiglO 50; Northern foun
dry, $lu(3'16 50: Southern foundry,. $14 E0Q15 75."
and soft Southern foundry, Wair. 75. .
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Feb. 16.— The cotton market
opened barely Bteady and two points higher to
three points lower. It was clear from. the first
that the trade looked for no rally, -but was pre
pared to work against the entire list should th;
situation take a turn favorable- to such a move.
- While there wes slight reaction later In the
morning on flurries of profit-taking, the gen
eral course of tht> market was downward. The
market closed steady, prices net unchanged to
sir points lower.
Nezv York' Cotton Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Nominally steady. Good to prime steers, $1 90
66; -poor, to medium, $3 40®4 SO; stockers and
feeders, *$2 6304 50; cows, $2 50@4 15; heifera.
$2 60^4 35; canriers, $1 75@2 40; bulls, $2 50®
4 25; calves, $4^6 &0; Texab fed steers, $4@1 70;
graspers, $3 30-83 SO; bulls, $2 50ifj3 CO.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; Monday, 43,000
estimated: left over, 2000. About steady; top.
$5 47*>4. • Mixed and butchers', $3 30<g5 45; good
to choice heavy, $5 40S'5 47H: roinjh heavy, $5 25
@5 S3; light. $5 30ff5 42%; bulk- of sales, $5 33®
5 42H-. ¦¦¦¦¦ •
SHEEP— Receipts. 1500; *¦ .steady. Good to
choice wethers, $3 75@4 50; fair to choice mixed,
$3 50<33 95; Western sheep, (3 80® 4 60; -.Texas
sheep, $2 50® 3 CO; native lambs, $4 25*5 5 30;
"Western lambs, $536 30. •
Chicago Livestock Market.
.... ; LIVERPOOL./. ' . . I
¦Wheat— ' ; ~V.,' March. May.
Opening .:...;;.......'...;«......;. 5 11H B 11%
Closing 5 11H 6 11%
PARIS.
Wneat— .' .- . . Feb. May- Aug.
Opening ............' .19 95 20 95
Closing , .19 85 20 75
Flour-i . " . . - ¦
Opening ,.. .'.'....'25 70 26 50 .
Closing 25 45 26 50
Foreign Futures.
Articles— --- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 31,000 . 25,000
Wheat, bushels .....62,000 37,000
Corn, bushels 245,000 . . 109,000
Oats, bushels 259.000 162,000
Hye. bushels 6.000 4.000
Barley, bushels ;..'.. 4»,qpO. 16.0n0
Cash quotations ranged as follows: Flour,
quiet: winter patents, $3 60<§3 80; straights,
$3 2003 60; clears. $2 60(?j3 30; spring- specials.
H 20@4 SO; patents. $3 5O©3 "0; utralghts. $3®
3 30: bakers'. J2 20@2 50; No. 3 spring wheat,
6f«i72c: No. 2 red, 74V4W76c; Nor 2 corn. X9<@
8<">ic; No. 2 yellow. 33(f?.0*4c: No. 2 oats, 25%®
2&\c: No. 2 white. 2S(S29c; No. 3 white, 27Vi@
2Sc; No. 2 rye, Gl'ffjlHc; fair to choice malting
barley. B0@5Sc; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 65H: No. . 1
Northwestern, $1 66: prime timothy seed, Xi 45:
mess pork, per barrel. $13 90@13 95; lard, per
100 pounds, $7 42HO7 43; short-rib sides (loose).
$7<S7 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5 23®
6 DO; short clear .sides (boxed), $7 35(£7 55;
clover, contract grade, $11011 13.
O20th Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
6ate, as compared wit- those of came date last.
.eeascn, and rainfalls In last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
'"A tmall trade is heard of in fancy unpeeled
peaches, but outside of raisins and prunes there
Is llttls of interest to report. Currant* continue
steady, but demand is not large.
"Prime evaporated apples are scarce on the
rpot. but the market is very quiet. Prime is
offered from up the State at 4%c, laid down In
New York."
"The feature last week in this market was
the speculative movement In raisins, several
local houses taking In ell the California loose
rcuscatels to be had on the spot under 6c for
S-crown goods. Th^re was also some demand
Irom the Middle West. The market on 3
crown at the close was very firm at 6@6%c, and
tales of several hundred boxes were reported
Saturday at 6c to a Jobber. Late in the week
th»>re was pome Inquiry, also supposed to be
of a speculative character, for seeded raisins
on the sr>ot. and it Is not unlikely there may
be developments in this quarter of the market
*arl> this yeek. Coast seeded raisins here are
now considerably below the cost at which
roods can he Said down from California. 1m
jorted raJeins continue very dull.
•"There was a fair business in Oregon prunes
et the end of the week, eales of Eeveral cars
t*ing heard -of at prices understood to be be
twee-n 6<36fte for 3i»-4C-y in 25-lb boxes and jc
tor 40-^-s and 4ftc for S0-60s in £0-lb boxes. No
trade of any lcrount was reported in Santa
Qara fruit, the buyer who was mentioned as
being in the market en Friday for a number
cf cars at very low prices and sellers being
too 'ar apart in their ideas to do business.
Dried Fruit in Km York.
rejorts from New York say:
'Lrtca! Bar.k clearings for the past week
amounted to $C3,42;.S35. against $19,227,S4» for
the same week last year.
Bank Clearings.
February I.'.....* ..... 13 95
May 14 12ft 14 20 ; 14 07ft- 14 15*
Lard, per 100 pounds— '
March 7 45
May • 7 55 7 55 " 7 BO 7 52ft
July 7 57ft 7 57ft 7 55 7 55
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— - •
February — 7 07ft
May 7 12ft 7 12ft 7 07ft 7 10
September 7 25 7 25 7 20 7 22ft
Articles— ¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— .
February ..-. 73% 73% 73% 73%
March 73% 74Vj 73% 74
*!uy 75% 75"i -,75ft 75ft
Corn No. 2—
Ffbruary 39 39% 39 39Vi
March 39ft v_39% 39ft .39%
May 40% 41% 40% 41%
Oats No.^2— ¦
February 24% 24% 24% 24%
May : ' 25% 25% 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
lines in the central traffic territory, but these
are not of such overwhelming Importance as
the numerous projects which went before and
did not serve to hold the great list of stocks.
The readiness of the speculative public to re
spond to any suggestion of a combination for
rome time past has b>en taken advantage of
by powerful speculative pools to advance prices
of certain stocks by manipulation and there
was very large profit-taking during the week
by several of these pools which made inroads
upon the prices with the lessened outside de
mand fcr stocks. The Tuesday holiday in
terrupted the continuity of the speculation and
had the Inevitable effect of Inducing some
closing of accounts. The. fact that much of
the recent speculation has been on the pre
sumption of financial plans not fully matured
causes some conservatism about further specu
lative \entures. The reports of dissension*
over the merger of the American Smelting and .
Refining Company and the Guggenheim in
terests and the resulting break in the prices
cf smelting stocks offered disagreeable pos
sibilities of difficulties arising even in the last
stages of effecting a consolidation. The colos
sal steel merger has been a varying and un
certain shadow on the market all week. . Wall
street has not wavered in the conviction that
the merger was in process of accomplishment,
but the terms have been subject to perpetual
surmise and gossip. There has been a sig
nificant interest In th« future officer* and ad
ministration of this giKantlc industrial force,
arlde from the details of financial adjustment,
which ore in themselves of vast Importance,
especially In the existing course of things In
the money market. The fact that no American
tenders were received for the new British ex
chequer bond issue must be regarded as highly
significant of the extent to which American
resources cf capital are being absorbed for
domestic Investment. The figures of the coun
try's foreign trade for January add to this
significance, indicating cs they do an undlm
inlehed rate of increase of our foreign credits.
There are many indications that the return
of American securities from abroad has been
on an unprecedented scale lately, but the con
clusion cannot be escaped that an enormous
balance remains due and unpaid from the rest
of the world to this Country. That Europe
will be able to spare gold in liquidation Of her
indebtedness seems improbable, in spite of the
current ease of money abroad, which is largely
due to diminishing business activity and the
large expansion of government credits for mil
itary purposes. Experience shows that stock
exchange speculators might be subjected to
all the rigors of a mon»y panic before sufficient
effect would be produced on the foreign ex
changes to bring relief -and even the domestic
exchanges are trot always prompt' to respond.
These considerations probably underlie the hes
itation developed in the recent rampage:
Bonds have moved in sympathy with stocks.
United States refunding 2s advanced H. the
Es 'i and the Cs and nt-w 4s \i per cent over
the closing bid of a week ago.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
24,100 Atchipon B7
8,600 Atchison prefd 8«H
1,200 Baltimore & Ohio 91V4
Canadian Pacific 90
100 Canada Southern 57>i
4,100 Chesapeake & Ohio 40%
600 Chicago Great Western '. 20%
TT.cOO Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 144%
, 3,400 Chicago, Indianapolis & Louisville.. 31%
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd.... 6S%
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 108H
700 Chicago & Northwestern 173%
6,900 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 124ifc
100 C C C & St Louis 75%
4,100 Colorado Southern ....;. «.. 9%
606 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44 1^
1.200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd ,."l9tt
14,100 Delaware & Hudson v .. 17%.
30O Delaware. Lack & Western ..196
4,100 Denver & Rio Grande 41VS
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 88
4.ftfK) Erie 28H
1.200 Erie 1st prefd... 65H
400 Great Northern prefd 191
Hocking Coal 16W
100 Hocking Valley 4SVi
3,500 Illinois Central 130ft
100 Iowa Central 25%
Iowa Central prefd E2H
100 Lake Erie & Western 42»4
100 Lake Shore 220
4,700 Louisville & Nashville 91%
9,100 Manhattan Elevated ;117%
- 100' Metropolitan Street Railway 162%
2.900 Mexic&n Central .' 17T»
200 Minneapolis & St Jxmls 72%
.; Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 1©5>4
2.2C0 Missouri Pacific 89«4
Mobile & Ohio.. 76 >
400 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 21H
1,000 Missouri. Kansas & Texas pcafd... 55%
100 New Jersey Central 154Vj
E.OOO New York Central 145H
6.900 Norfolk & Western 47'i
Norfolk & Western prefd S2>4
4,600 Northern Pacific 8S%
COO Northern Pacific prefd 87ft
4,800 Ontario & Western ".... 33
Oregon Railway & Navigation .42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
10.000 Pennsylvania 149%
4.400 Reading ..' '. 32%
3.900 Reading 1st prefd '. 7D<4
S.300 Reading 2d prefd 43%
....... Rio Grande Western .*.... 70
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 92
500 £t Louis & San Francisco 36
400 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 82%
8,100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 62ft
1.200 St Louis, Southwestern.. 26%»
• 1,400 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 56ft
14,000 Bt Paul 160ft
St Paul prefd 190
St Paul & Omaha 125
10.600 Southern Pacific 46
2,900 Southern Railway ...'.... 23 !
2.20O Southern Railway prefd ; 74T4
3 W0 Texas & Pacific 29%
24,000 Union Pacific ., :.. 94%
6,400 Union ¦ Pacific prefd ES%
1.600 Wabash l'ft
1800 Wabash nrefd *.- 81%
6,400 Wheeling & Lake PJrie : 15%
2,500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd — 33%
4 900 Wisconsin Central .." 18ft
. . .Third Avenue 121
l.ooo Baltimore & Ohio prefd 8Sft
2 900 National Tube C7
1000 National Tube prefd .' 105
Express companies—. - • .^
Adams ..: • .160
100 American •*•••'•• 189
.. United States... 37
... Wrtls-Fariro 137
Miscellaneous—
SOO American Cotton Oil 29%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 87 ¦
200 American Malting 411
....... American Malting prefd 24
18 400 American Srrieltlng & Refln 65ft
7,400 American Smelting & Refln prefd..". 94ft
American Spirits .,,.. :.....' 1
American Spirits prefd 17
8.600 American Steel Hoop ...» ..-. 31%
400- American Pteel Hoop prefd 78
-14 700 "American Steel & Wire 61%
3.200 American Steel & Wlre:prefd 84ft
4.000 American Tin Plate 66%
200 American Tin Plate prefd 93
8,100 American Tobacco .".117.
American Tobacco prefd 140
¦ 2,200 Anaconda Mining Co ¦* 43%
7.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit .77
400 Colorado Fuel &-Iron 45%
4.S00 Continental Tobacco .45%
Continental Tobacco prefd ....: 3i%
1.190 Federal Steel 51H
8,800 Federal Steel prefd ..... l ... 82%
1.800 General Electric ;: '..210ft
2.200 Glueose Sugar ...48%
Glucose Sugar prefd 94 .
200 International Paper- .*.... ...: 23%
International Paper prefd ..........'72%
...;... Laclede Gai jv.....' 74 -
200 National Blsftilt 39V4
200 National Biscuit prefd ..........:... 92ft
200 National Lead .'...... 17%
100 National Lead ' prefd ' ..87
1,400 National' Steel "47
8,200 National Steel prefd ......,..: 79ft"
100 New York A1r;Brake ................157
£,000 North American; 23ft
"Pacine Coast .....'.".'•''. ....... f 52
;..;.... Pacific Coast ' 1st ¦ prefd £7.
....... Pacific Coast 2d prefd. 63
300 Pacific ilall *0ft
The Spartan spirit of/the hull interest in
wheat became apparent Then, with only the
reflected strength, of corn to help it, the wheat
price waa maintained against a" collection of
bearish news. Liverpool • and continental
cables were weak. May wheat opened %@%c
lower at 75*4c to 75%c and rallied with corn to
75%c during the forenoon. Following this the
market responded to the break in corn by drop
ping to 75W©75-%c. The' final upturn in corn
carried wheat up to 75V4@75%c and the close
was unchanged -at 75%c.
Oats were fairly active and higher in sym
pathy w*lth corn. May closed %@%o higher at
25% c.
' Provisions were moderately active^ . The mar
ket opened, lower because of heavy hog receipts.
An 'advance /followed In response to the corn
Strength, but this merely served to cause sell
ing by local interests and the market reacted
and closed easy. May pork closed 5c "lower
and lard and ribs each %c depressed.
The leading futures ranged' as follows:
CHICAGO, Feb. 16.— The corn market con
cluded a\. bull week .with its .activity 'and
strength undlminlshed and prices on a new and
higher level.. It ' approached' the environs of
the "natural squeeze." The talk was of empty
cribs, of farmers who showed no. disposition to
soli and of the exceedingly poor showing of
new arrivals when they came under the eye
qf the inspectors. May opened %@Uc lower at
40%c *p 40Vic under -pressure from - outside in
terests. The crowd, however, was bullish al
most to a man and the market- rallied to 40%c-
On ' the advance there was ' renewed outside
buying led by St. Louis interests, but on realii
ing sales May reacted to 4O»4c. Under a heavy
general demand the price shot up to 41Vic and
Boon, after %©•>»<} over, yesterday at 41Uc, with
the demand still clamorous, where it closed.
Silver advanced a fraction again. Exchange unchanged. 1
Local bank clearings show a gain over last year.
Spot Wheat declined slightly. Barley dull.
Other cereals as previously quoted. A.: :
Bran and Hay show no further change.
Onions still higher and very scarce. Potatoes steady.
Beans and Seeds stand the same.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply and unchanged.
Poultry quiet and featureless. Game firm.
Five cars of Oranges announced for to-morroiv's auction.
Fresh Mexican Limes expected to-tnorrozv.
Provisions quoted unchanged and very dull.
Dried Fruits selling fairly in Nerv York, but dull here.
Wool, Hops and Hides dull at the old prices.
Hogs scarce at the advance. Other Meats unchanged.
Local stocks and bonds active for Saturday.
Oil stocks in fair movement. « < • •
The New York Financier Eays: For the first
Urns in their history the clearing house banks
of New York City report deposits in excess
cf one thousand million dollars, standing at
, $1,011,329,000. There deposits are net and In
clude only actual items entering into that
definition. ¦ The gross deposits aro in reality
much higher. The constant growth of the fig
ures since the opening of the year has been
little lees t!ian amazing. Since January 5 de
posits have expanded more than ?140,0C0.000 and
loans $110,500,000. Despite the strain on their
rower to which these Increases subjected the
banks they hold without about $20,500,000 as
much excess reserve as was reported at the
opening of the year. But the current state
ment shows practically the same operations
that have been in evidence now for several
weeks. Loans increased for the week $19,333,
600, of which amount five large banks report
the largest proportion, and deposits expanded
J16.735.100, traceable also to a few lnetltutlons.
The important feature of the statement in a
measure rests in the revelation of the diminish
ing rhlpments of money to this center from the
interior, and' the absorption • of cash by the
treasury, the cause of this week's loss having
b«en forecasted in this analysis last week.
How long the present operations In the loan
market will continue is uncertain, but' it needs
no superior Judgment to show -that with the
loan item growing at. an unprecedented rate,
producing a proportionate expansion of depos
its, and with actual cash decreases going on
the surplus reserv* must be seriously affected.
The decrease In this Item f or ihe week was'$7,
610,175,- which brings Ihe present surplus tn
! $12,852,450. Last year ¦ the surplus fell from
124,000,000 on February 17 to less than $3,000,000
on March 7, and.. the leading causes are more
pronounced . now than then. . Syndicate, opera
tions are responsible for the advances shown
of late. It is interesting to note that while the
increase in the loans of fiixty-three. nahks since
January 6 have been $110,000,000, two large banks
are responsible for nearly $40,000,000 of the en
tire gain and six banks ' Identified with- the
same or similar interests have expanded their
loans nearly $70,600,000 or 64 per cent and over
of the total gains since January. This throws
a strong light on the character of the year's
expansion to date. - . .
- NEW, YORK, Feb. 16.— The weekly state
ment (five days) of averages of the Associated
Banks-. «bowe:
Loans— $914,623,000; Increase, $13,333,600.
Deposits— $1,011,229,000; Increase, $16,735,100.
Circulation— $31,158,600; decrease, $73,300.
Ltgal tenders— $72,471,300; decrease, $649,400.
Specie— {193,213,400: decrease, $2,667,000.
Total reserve— 1265. 684, 700; decrease, $3,226,4f0.
Reserve required— $252,832,350; increase, $4,1SJ,
775. • ¦ .
Surplus reserve— $12,852,450; decreaae, $7,610,
175.
Weekly Bank Statement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances ; In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, shows:
Available cash balance, $144,353,536; gold. $S0.
094,468. •
Condition of the Treasury.
Atchison, G9%: Canadian Pacific, 93»,4: Union
Pacific preferred, 90%; Northern Pacific" pre
ferred, S9tf; Grand Trunk. 7; Anaconda, Sft.
Bar silver, <julet. 2SVid per ounce.
Money, 3ff4 per cent. -
Both call and time money was 4 per cent;
discounts 3% per cent. The small amount due
the bank has "been repaid. ;• •
CLOSING.
The stock market here was Inactive again to
day, but prices were Improving on the return-
Ing confidence in the military situation and the
strong monetary position. There -was little
trading In American shares. Everybody wad
waitinfe the bank statement with some trepida
tion, but the tone was hard throughout and
prices closed above parity. Chicago. Milwau
kee and St. Paul was In demand. «The Conti
nent bought Norfolk and Western to-day.
Tlntos were advanced. Paris supporting the
movement. Money rates were strong. There Is
a great demand for accommodations. "
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.-The Commercial Ad
vertleer'a London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent l«ts 107 -
/«« 105% N J Cent gen 6s. ..131
do coup 10i»i No Pac 3s ....?... 71U
,-do3sreg. no?; do 4s ".105U
do coup ' lio% N Y C & St L 4s. .103
flo new 4s reg....l37?i Norf & W con 4s. .102
do coup i37-)i Or Nav lsts .......109
do. old 4s reg mvi do 4s 104
do coup ll3^s Or S Line 6s 127% |
do 5s reg 11(^4 do con 5s 116H !
do coup no% Reading gen 4s ... 94%
Dis of Col. 3.65s.. ..123 R G W.lsts 100
Atchison gen 4s....lO:tti St L & I M con 5s. 117
do adj 4s 32% J?t L & S F gen 6s. ISO
Can So 2ds Ill St Paul con 185
Chea & Ohio 4V46..106T* St P C & Pac lsts.imi
do 5s l!l>* do 5s 120%
C & N W con 7s.. .139^ So Pac 4s-.... «1%
do S F deb 5s. ...124 i So Railway 5s ....115%
Chi Term 4s 97H S Rope & T 6s..... 60
Colo So 4s SOVi Tex &• Pac lsts 118 •
D & R G 4s 1..102 1 ,* do 2ds .-....'. 95
Erie gen 4s »5 Union Pacific 4s ..106\i
Ft W & D C lsts.. S3 Wabash lsts 119
Gen Elec 5s 1C1H do 2ds UO'i
Iowa Cent lsts 116% West Shore 4s ....115
L & Nash unl 4S...101U Wis Cent lsts &9U
M K & T 2ds 79» Va Centuries 96
do 4s ;... Tj'/i
MINING -STOCKS*
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 15
Alice 42 Ontario 6 00
Breece 2 00 Ophir ". 73
Brunswick Con ... 32 Phoenix 09
Comstock Tunnel... 04 Potosl 14
Con Cal & Va 1 55 Savage ' 12
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada ..... 12
Horn Sliver 12 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 65 Standard 4 20
Leadvllle Con : 06 ¦
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Paciflo .... 94^
Call loans 2^4®3H Union Land S
•Time loans 3 @4 West End , 93
Stocks— Westlngh Eleo ... 60V&
A T & St Fe 57 Bonds-
Do prefd 88% "Atchison 4s 101
Amer Sugar 136 N E G & Coke 5s. 6714
Do prefd 119 ', Mining Shares—
Amer Tel 162 Adventure 13>.i
Boston & Albany.253 Blngham Mln Co.. lSVa
Boston El 163 Amal Copper 89
Boston & Maine. ..194 Atlantic 2S
Chi Bur & Q 144% Boston & Mont.... 323
Dominion C6al ... 35>* Butte & Boston... 8H6
Do prefd .... 109'i Calumet & Hecla.S60
Fed Steel : 51*4 CentennlaU ..; 24Vi
Do prefd 82 Franklin 20%
Fltchburg pfefd ..141 Humboldt .60
Gen Electric 211 Osceola : S7»4
Do prefd 168 Parrott 43-
Ed Elec III 250 Quincy 175
Mexican Cent .... 18 Santa Fe Copper. 7H
N E Gas & Coke.. 12 Utah Mining 34'£
Old Dominion 34Vi Wlnona 7
Rubber 19>4 Wolverines ......... 504
CLOSING BONDS,
'^•-^ Standard Rope & Twine 4V4
20,300 Sugar 136^4
Sugar prefd 120
600 Tennessee, Coal & Iron. ............... 63«i
4,160 United States Leather 13%
100 Unltod States Leather prefd......... 74%i
. 400. United States Rubber... 19^i
United States Rubber prefd G0»i
4,800 Western Union .'88%
6,800 Amalgamated Copper 89
500 Republic Iron.& Steel Co.. 16
100 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 62%
P C C & St Louis 57:
539,100 Shares sold.
»,E00 People's Gas .100",
400 Pressed Steel Car 37fi
600 Pressed Stw>l Car p»efd. 77U
600 Pullman Pilaee Car 138
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The* demand at New York for Raisins, Prunes
and : other fruits continues . to,! improve slowly.
The best, feature is^ the scarcity in Apples,
which rule the dried fruit market. Still, trade
cannot yet be called active and low prices still
rule. ~ The stagnation." however,* seems to'be al
most over, ; San Fra-ncisco market con
tinues" lifeless. V i- '.-,
• FRUITS— Apricots, «(?8c for Royals and 10@
lO^Jo, for.-Moorpark!»: Evaporated 'Apples. .4©
6Hc; sun-dried. Peaches. 3Stc for
standard. ," SH^oc - for choice. - and • 5H@«V4o for
fancy; Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 5@6^c;:un
pitted. l@l%c : Nectarines, ¦ 5@5^o for red and
5V4<g6c for white.. ¦ ¦¦.¦',
PRUNES — Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 3c; 30-40s, 7c
40-50a, 6\ic;B0-60a. 4Hc: 60-70s." 3%c;:70-80s; 8*ic
8O-90S, 2%c : 9Q-1Q0S, 2%c ; 100- 120s, l%c ; rubles,
Vic." premium;' Sonomas, -He . and > San: Joaqulna
He less'than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the- same. - .•"*''.' ¦••:. • " ¦ ¦'•
¦' RAISINS— The -Raisin Growers'- Association'
ha& established the following prices: -Bleached
. 1 bomp»on'« ¦ • fancy,", .; 12o ";. per- . lb ; ; . choice. • . He;
standard,' 10c; prime, .9c; unbleached Thomp
son's."9c .per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lO^c per
Ib; choice. SHe; standard, 8%c;: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
6%c; .4-crown,-. 7c;. 3-crown, , 6V4e; 2-crown. 6c.
I'acinc brand, ", 2-crown, 5c; . J-crown, • 5%c, and
4-crown. = 6Hc;" seeded (Fresno prices),. -fantfy,.
16-ounce, ' 7c; , 12-ounce. 6V4c; : choice, : :i6-ounce,
6«ic; ¦ 12-ounce, ; 6%c: s London Layers, 1 . 2-crown,
II 60 per 'box: $-crown, ; $1 60; : Fancy • Clusters. ¦
(2; Deheta, 12 50; Imperial. $3. -All prices f. o.
b. at common 1 snipping ¦ points ' in California.
NUTS-Cheatnuta. : i@ 10c f per • lb for It&lltou
Dried Fruits,. Nuts and Raisins.
Oranges are. steady at. the improved "vprices.
Lemons continue -weak and dull. Fresh Mexi
can Llmea are expecte'd to-morrow, and five
cars of Oranges are announced for the auction:
.The other fruits remain unchanged. . •. ' - •:
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— -•/ "
-- APPLES— 35ijf 65c \ per box for i common; 75c@
$1 60 for good to choice and $1 7B®2 for fancy.'
. PEARB— CSet&Sl M) per box.. ; ¦ ...
CITRUS "• FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1®2 50;
Seedlings, . 50c@»l 25; Tangarlnes, 75c(g$l 50;
Japanese Mandarins, $150@l 75: Lemons, 25c9
$125 for common and $1 50@2 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, 75c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$5 50@6; California Llmea, 25@50c; Bananas, , 75c
@1 75 per bunch; Pineapples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extraa, ,19c;. firsts^ 18c; seconds, . 14c;
store,- lie.
,< Storage— Creamery . extras, . ; firsts.' ;
seconds, ; < dairy extras. — . .
vPlckle,\-r- per^pound. . f ¦**^- .•'.''.<" :
4 .Ktt;*^r f per pound.
* VCHE^Sfi-rFancy, full cream, 10c: choice,
Sc; • common, nominal: Young Americas. 10c;
EaBtern.. full cream, ID© 16Hc per lb.
'Ca^oVnia, Ranch— Selected white,. 17c; mixed
c6lorV?,16c per.: dozen. ¦'. •
California gathered— Selected, 16c; standard,
— — ; •econdd, 1 -— — .- -
FresniEa«tern^-Fancy, -» — ; standard, ;
•econfliwVrtv ¦'¦'•¦•¦¦¦.
hi Stot 4fc ' California fancy. ; standard, — ;
EasterT tancy. — *-; standard, ; seconds.
Dealers report a good "local demand for But
ter and Eggs, which keeps : stocks '. down to a
manageable point. In addition there Is - some
demand for the north. In consequence the mar
ket for both description^ Is quoted in fair
shape for sellers. There is nothing new in
Cheese. ¦¦ .• * .. • • ¦
Receipts as reported by Xhe ' Dairy Ex
change were 27,900 pounds of Butter,- 1220 cases
Eggs and 6960 pounds California * Cheese • and
50,065 pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—- '
Creamery— Extras, 21c; "firsts, 19c; second*.
Butter , Cheese 'and Eggs.
Game continues; firm under light receipts,'
thost yesterday being 120 sacks.'. \~. >,*.., „ •
.Five cars Eastern Poultry came In during the
week, arid two carried -over cars Were -also put
on the market." This Eastern stock is selling
at 16 for Hens and young Roosters, $4 50 for
old Roosters, $4 for Ducks a.nd Fryers, Jl 25 for
Pigeons, $2 for Geese and_12^)14c.for live Tur-
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@13c for /Gob
blers and 12@14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
13®16c; Gee3e, per pair, $1 50®2: Goslings, $2 50
®2 75; Ducks, $3 50@5 for old end $6j27 50 for
young; Hens, $3 GOItS; Young Roosters, $5@
6j Old Roosters, $3 60@4 50; Fryers. $;<§«;
Broners, $5@5 GO for lvge and $3 50i^4 50 for
small : Pigeons, Sl@l &0 . per dozen for old and
$2 50Sf'!l for Squabn. ; .
GAME— Quail. $150 for Valley; Mallard, $4
©6; Canvasback, $4Q«; Sprig. $3@4; Teal, $2 50
©3 60; Widgeon. • $2(fj2 50; Small Duck,' $1 25<3>
1 75;, Black Jack, $1 5061 75; Gray Geese. $3@
3 50; .White Geese, %W 1 50: Brant." $1 60 for,
(small ami $2@2 50 for large; Honkers, $3'«5;
English Snipe, $3: Jack. Snipe. $1 30; Hare. $1#
1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and 75c
for Brush; Pigeons, $1 per. dosen.
Poultry, and Game.
Onions continue to advance and are scarcn
and very firm.- Dealers are' looking.' to adja
cent .States for; supplies,, which have been
practically exhausted ' hereJ ; ¦
• Oregon Potatoes are quoted rather- firmer, re
ceipts- being - lighter. " Vegetables j show \ little
change,' high prices still prevailing. .-Green
Peas arrived from Sat\ Leandro, -selling at So
per.lb. ¦' * ..¦¦¦;.- .::.:. --j* «_" v '
. POTATOES— Early Rose, 65075c; Burbanks,
35-0500 for River, . $1@1 25 per ctl for Salinas,
and 65c@$l 10 for Oregon; Garnet Chiles, from
Oregon. 50®70c: Sweets, 75c@$l for Merced.
. ONIONS— $3@3 25 per ctl; Cut Onions, .$1 50®
2 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb,, 15c; Asparagus,
from Sacramento, 16@25c for forced and 30®
40c for natural; from 'Alameda and Bouldln
Island, 40c: Green Peas, 4@10c per. lb; String
Beans, 10*®20c: Cabbage,^ $1; Tomatoes. Los
Angeles. 75c@$l 50>per crate; from Mexico,
$2 25@2 50 per crate; Egg Plant, Los Angeles.
20(JI25c per lb; Green Peppers, Los Angeles,
18@25c per lb for Chile and 23@30c for Bell;
Dried Peppers, 9®llc; Dry Okra. 10@15c per lb;
Carrots, 25<025c per box; Hothouse Cucumbers.
$3 per dozen: Summer Squash, $1 50@2 per
box; Garlic. 3C3Hc per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
$20^25 per ton; Mushrooms,- 10@20c per lb.
Nothing new. • • , •:. ',,(/[:
BEANS — Bayos, $2 50@2 73: Small White.
$4 60@4 90; Large White.. $4@4 25; Pink. $2 150)
2 35; Red, $3@3 50; ' Blackeye, $3@3 25; Llnias,'
$5 COC'5 70: Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney. $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@>3; Canary. 3V4@
3%c for Kastern; Alfalfa, 7H@8Vic for Califor
nia and 9®94c for Utah; Rape, 2!g2«£c; Hemp,
3%c; Timothy, 6tfc. ¦ : •. . ¦ -. .
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $2@2 M; Green. $2 70
Q'i 'per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds,
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled . Barley, $16@16 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the milt. $25@2S; Jobbing,
$26 EO; Cacoanut Cake, $17@l3: Corn Meal. $25
@25 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. - ...
HAY — Volunteer, $5@8; W^heat, 111® 13;
Wheat and Oat, , $9@12; Oat, $9@U 50: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley, $7 50^'j SO
per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Prices remain without change. '
BRAN— $16017 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50019 50 per ton.
Hay and- Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 230
$3 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 1503 25;
Oregon. $2 75@2 85 , per- barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers'. $2 75
(Q3. • - - ' -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are' as fol
io ws/usual discount to the. trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60: Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. U 50: Hom
iny $3 50®3 75; Buckwheat Flour. H<gi 2i;
Cra'cked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour,, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; In sacks, $M5@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green P%as, $5 60 per 100 lbs. •
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal : Sesslon-9:15 . o'clock-December—
8000 ctls. 68^c. ,. '..v?:
Session— No sales.
'. Regular "• Morning Session— May — 4000 ctls,
68 1 / 4c;"4OOO, i 6SUc. December — 2000. ".68^4c.
OATS — Offerings meet with very little atten
tion and quotations are unchanged.
• White, '¦¦ $1 30ffll 60; Surprise, ' nominal; Red,
$1 2501 40 for Feed and- $1 3S@1 43 for- Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed. $1 17V4@1 20;
for Seed. 11 25©$1 30 per ctl. • ' - - ."
CORN— Yellow. SI 12%@1 15; White, *1 15;
Eastern, mixed, $1 12^ P«r ctl. . ' • ¦ •
RYE— Weak and dull at 81H@S5c per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
- Chicago was dull on unresponsive cables.- The
situation extends little promise, and the imme
diate outlook is "dull." Receipts : at --primary
points are slightly below last year,, and for
eign buying is moderate. Minneapolis reported
an increase in stocks ior the week of 134.754
bushels. St. Louis reported 65,000 bushels taken
for export. •' '
In "this market epot quotations were lower,
but futures showed little change.
Spot ."Wheat-Shipping, , 95c; milling, 97%c@
$1 C2',i per ctl.
'cAll board sales.
Informal Session— 9:15 o"clock— May— 6000 ctls,
$1 OOTA; 2000, $1 01. December— 2000, $1 05^4; 6000,
$1 05% I 2000, $1 05V6 1 30,000, $1 05tf • • m - •
Second Scssion-May^-4000 ctls, $100%; 42,000,
$100%. December— 12,000. $1 05^.. • - ,__
•Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
Ctls. $1 05W ' '
-• BARLEY— The week closed on a dull . and
weak market* ¦ , , . '..
"Feed, 73%c for. choice bright. .72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
.grades. 77%@S2V4c: Chevalier, nominal. ¦ .
SATURDAY. Feb. 18—12 m.
Alpha 02 03'Justlce 05 67
Alta 02 04lKentuck Cl ©2
Andes ,.. OS OOjLady Wash...- — «2
Belcher 17 13!Mexican M «
Best & B«Icher 2»S 27 Occidental *7 OS
Bullion 92 03 Ophir 80 81
Caledonia 73 73 Overman - IS 11
Challenge Con. 20 21iPotosl „ 15 IS
Chollar 09 lolsavairo 15 17
Confidence SO SS'Scorpton — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 7r.!Se K Belcher..... 01 03
Con Imperial... 01 «2 Sierra Nevada.. 17 Is
Con New York. 01 03 Silver HUl .... 43 44
Crown Point.... 16 17 St Louis - «5 19
Eureka Con ©« —Standard 4 20 4 40
Exchequer 01 0t|SyndIcat» ...— — 09
Gould- & Curry. 33 35 Union Con 29 27
Hale & Norera. 22 23 Utah 08 10
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket- 25 X
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following wye the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
' • "' Morning- Session.
200And«i 08 600 Mexican M
400 B«« ft Belcher 27 900 Ophlr 77
500 Rest & Belcjier 28 *» Ophlr 73
200 Cbollar io lino Ophir JO
200 C C& Va....l7I-* lloOPierra Nevada. W
200 Gould ft CUrry.. 37 700 Union Con. 78
200 Justic* 07
•Following wer» tb» sales In tn« Saa Fran
clsco Stock and Exchange Beard yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 26 300 Halo ft Norcr*. 13
2tX> Caledonia ...... 75 '400 Ophlr 80
200 Challenge ...... 19 200 Overman ....... IS
CO Challenge ....... 20 300 Overman 17
100 Con Cal & Va.l 73 200 Sierra Nevada. IS
M Con Cal ft Va.l 70 100 Silver Hill.....; 43
SOO Crown Point.... 17 100 Yellow Jacket.. S6
Morning Session.
Board— i
2600 Cala-btandard 38
8 Hanford ..115 00
4 Hanford, b 10 ., 115.00
50 Home Oil 4 30
50 Home Oil „. 4 3T>
6TO Home Oil . 4 40
' 50 Homestak* .• 9 Ort
325 Independence 17
100 Junction 64
1100 Junction ...-. 63
100 Junction «H
200 Junction «J
100 Junction, b 60.." - ""t> -
'¦ 3Ct Junction '. ...; «J»
50 Kern Oil Co lOSTtj
20 Kern River IS 00
300 Lion Oil Co 211
500 Linda Vista 25.
2<X) Monarch of Arizona «9
I'M Monarch of Arizona, ¦ 30...... O
100 Monte Crtsto 2 47^i
100 Occidental of W Va 70
25 Peerless 8 5i>
2000 Petroleum Center 17
2930 Petroleum Center 13
50O Petroleum Center, cash 17
30 San Joaquln Oil ft DeT 12 23
200 Superior 30
M1NINO STOCKS.
PRODUCERS' OIL- EXCHANGE.
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 10S 00
5 Giant Powder Con 85 0ft
J5000 Oakland Transit Co 6s.' .....^..113 00
FOR SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 16.
Flour,' qr sks.... 15.5S3 Straw.' tons ..... 15
Wheat, ctls :..:.172.30« Hods, bales ..... J
Barley, ctls 60.170 Wool, bales 103
Oats, ctls • 130 Wine, gals 132.30O
¦Sugar, ctls 1,170 Leather, rolls ... Tl
Beans, sks ...... 653 Quicksilver, flsks 25
Potatoes, sks ... 1. is". Raisins, bxs ..... 573
Onions, sks -23 Tallow, ctls 330
Bran, sks ....... 2,043 Hides, no 593
Middlings, sks .. 210 Pelts. bd!s 114
Hay, tons : 326 !
OREGON.
Potatoes. ' ski- ... 231 •*''•.
Receipts of. Produce.
.Crushed, 6.23c: Powdered, .5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c r Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.7Ec; Magnolia A. 6.35c: Extra C,
5.25c: Golden C, 5.15c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrel.", 25c more; boxes, 50c mor/.: 50-lh bags,
10c more. No orders taken for "less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.- Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb. •
SALMON — Round lots, are quoted as follows:
Alaska, red. $1 20; medium do, II 10; pink. 95c:
Columbia River. Chinook, $1 73 for tails and
$1 85 for flats; barreled Salmon, $10. for Alaska
barrels and $5 50 for half-barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnsr Com
pany quotes, per lb, in IGO-lb bags:
RICE— China mixed. $4 20®4 25; No. .1, $4 70®
4 S3; extra, $3 20@5 50; , Japanese, $1 93 Q 5 50;
Louisiana, $4<S6 50: Hawaiian, nominal.
.COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton: Southdeld
Wellington. $3; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend,. $9; Co-operative Walls
end,. $9; Cumberland, $12 _ In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: . Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke.' $15 per ton In bnllc
and 117 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65: Calcutta
Grain Da. j, June and July, 64c; local make.
6?&c: Wool Bags, 30*S3*i4c: Fleece Twine, 7Hc.
General Merchandise.
BEEF — 7®8c for Steers and 6g7Hc per lb for
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, sc per lb.
MUTTON-Wethers. 10@104c; Ewes, 10c per
pound.- ¦ ¦
"LAMB— ll@12Hc per lb:- spring. 12«®15e per
pound.
PORK— Live Hojrs. 6Uc for small and «*4o
for medium and 6c for large; stock Hogs, 5>ic;
feeders, 6*£c; dressed Hogs, SQIHic.
Hogs are very firm at Friday's advance, and
receipts are light. The other meats stand as
before.
San Francisco-Meal Market.
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15<316c; Northern, defective, 12Q
14c; Middle County, free. 15@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective.;- 12Jtl4c: Southern Mountain. U
months', 9 if 15c: Southern Mountain, free. 1
months' ll©12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', SfMlc: Humboldt and Mendocino, IS
©17c; Nevada. 13®16c per lb. ' •
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H9?c; do lambs. SJJ
9c; Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10.911c: Southern Mountain. ?Va4??Hc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 11312c per lb.
HOPS-rlS®20c per lb. -.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. . Heavy Salted
steers, SV4®10c; medium, »c; llpht. 8®3Hc;.Cow
Hide*, 8%c for heavy ar.d 8&SHc for light;
Stags, 606%c; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal.' 95J
lCc; Salted Calf. 10c; : Dry Hides. 15ttlSl«c;
Culls. rt*>4®14e; dry "Kip. • 15@18c; Dry Calf. IS©
I7c; culls and brands. 14#13c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20®30c each; short Wool, • 30©50c
each; medium,. 60© 75c; long "Wool* 75c®U.each;
Horse Hides, salt. $2 5Cffi2 7S for large and $28
2 25, for medium. $125 for small and 50c for
colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 Tor large. U 50
for medium.. $1 25 for small and 50c for colt*.
Deerskins— Summer "or red. skin*, S5c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.-
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, j 73c; large and
smooth. 50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4H©l%c pec lb;
No. J. 4®4tfc; grease, 2@2Hc
• LARD— Tierces quoted at e*4fi«%e.p«r lb for
compound and 9Wc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9Hc: 10-lb tins.UOc; 5-lb tint, lOKc
COTTOLENE— One* half-barrel. 5%c: three
half-barrels. Ec; one tierce. 7T»c; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces, J*ic per'lta.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The trade continues to report a very quiet
market. .
CURED MEATS-Baeon; 110U%c per !b for
heavy, -ll^@i2o for light "medium. 12U013o for
llpht. 13%@14c for extra llsht and 1&&15*£c for
sugar-cured; Eastern .sugar-cured Bams, lie:
: Mess Beef , $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family, $14; extra prime Pork, 115® 13 30; extra
clear. --$19 50-S20: Mess. $17:. Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound. - •*--*.•
Provisions.
.-. - - » ¦ • r . ,
.Walnuis. No. 1. softshell. 10c; No. I. 7*4c; No.
1 hardshell. 9Vic: So. 2. 7c; Almonds. 12313a
frr papera hell, afjllc for soft shell: Peanuts. 5
©6c for, Eastern; Braxll Nuts, .13c; Filberts,
lie; Pecans. UfilZc; Cocoanuts, '13 5035.
HONEY— Comb 134@14Hc for bright and 12H
®13c for light amber;- water white extracted.
7X©Sc; light amber extracted. CV,S7c; dark.
€®«Vic perlb.
BE£SWAX-24@26c per lb.
6c; powdered, 5.60c; granulated, 5.1.0c; cubes,
-BUTTER— Receipts! (2839 'packages." Firm.
Fresh creamery, 16@23c; June creamery, 15@20c;
factory, ll@15c. ,. \
• EGQ&— Receipts, 6140 packages. Easy. West
ern at mark, 16*£<*?nc; Bbuthern at mark, lt>@
ICHc
:*. .•-'_. "DRIED FRUITS.
1 Trading was of the usual Saturday half
holiday order and the market for evaporated
apples was very quiet ' at unchanged prices.
Ptate common were quoted at 3*4CT4%c; prime,
W^Bc; choice. 5'.-i@-6c: fancy, 6@7c.
California dried fruits ruled slow. Prunes
were quoted at 3V4®8>4c per pound, as to size
and quality. Apricots— Royal. 7%<812c; Moor
r>&rk, 8U®15c. - Peaches— Peeled, 14@18c; ' un
peeled, 6V£®10c. ---.'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, .SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
Chicago Grain Market..
On the Produce Exchange to*day the butter
market was active;, creamery. H@2H£c; dairy,
HH^lSc. Cheese, active,. 10>iQH%c. Eggs,,
active; fresh, 16c.
# ! — . *
THE-STOCK MARKET.
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
FT,
,.vs. I
Lajtt I This I
21 Hounj S*»son. I
I L&at
I Season.
Jiur
mat
Fan
fan
jlspo....
1.64 ( S4.C4
Trac« 19.23 "
.02 1J.82
Trac« J4.7O
Trace S.30
Trace 4.83
O.(K) 2«.6S
0.00 1S.£3
I C.rO 8.60
35.15
lf..?9
13.69
14.67
6.15
2.09
12.M
4. £7
2.65
FT,
,.vs. I
Lajtt I This I
21 Hounj S*»son. I
I L&at
I Season.
Jiur
mat
Fan
fan
jlspo....
1.64 ( S4.C4
Trac« 19.23 "
.02 1J.82
Trac« J4.7O
Trace S.30
Trace 4.83
O.(K) 2«.6S
0.00 1S.£3
I C.rO 8.60
35.15
lf..?9
13.69
14.67
6.15
2.09
12.M
4. £7
2.65
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
s. - - Steamers leave Broadway
few. wharf. San Francisco:
- ySVtw.- For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
U^^Bjik Feb. 15. 2d. 25. March 2.
ryT^rV*^4 Change to company's s:eamerj
Iw^^K XMl For Victoria. Vaacoirrer (B
Kftf&Lr**fiiWl r - )t l>ort Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacort?3
and X' w "tVhatcom (Wash.) —
•H 11 a. m.. Feb 15. 20. 25. March
2 and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. HumKoldt Bay— t p. m.. Feb. 17.
22. 27. March 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los
Angele-O— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. it.. :
steamer Santa Rosa. "Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cra-s. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucoe. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los An«!es) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 3 a. m.; steamer
Bnnlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jnse d*l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa RosalU
and Guayma-4 (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right t» ehansr«»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFTPICE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>. .
GOODALL, PFRKINS & CO.. Oen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO,
•DISPATCH FAST BTEAMER3 TO
. F O TZ, T L -A. 1ST ID
From Epear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE * 12 First Class Including Berth
lAnC'SS Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Feb. Z2. Mar. 4
CEO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17, 27. Msr. »
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte*.
Helena- and all points In .the Northwest.
Tl-rough tickets to alt points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
639 Market st.
TOYO KISJLN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki- and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
of sailing.
ES. NIPP©N MARTJ.^ -.
.-. Tuesday. February 19. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Friday. March 15. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
". Tuesday. April 9, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Rf YORK. SOCTHASPTOif. LONDON. PA3I3L
Stopping at Cherboum westbonnd.
From New York Every Wednesday. *10 a. m.
New York .."....Feb. 2T|Xew York.. ..March 10
Vaderland ....March 6 1 Vaderland ...March 27
St. Louis.. I.. .March 13!St. Louis ....April 3
RED STAR LINE;
Naw York and Antwerp*
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 nooa.
Friesland .".....Feb. 27 Kensington ..March 20
Southwark ...March 8 Noordland ....March 27
Westernland.. March 13 Friesland April 3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
,*•" •-¦•¦ General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery street.
fill P<1m£?l "JUJtWiWBYSHET,
SS. MARIPOSA . (Honolulu only>.. „.....!...
.-.. Saturday, February 23. J p. rn.
PS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Nsw j,
Zealand and Australia..........
Wednesday. March I, at 9 p. ra.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.................
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. m.
I D.SPBEGtElS & BBSS. CO., Bweral Asants. 327 larbt tt
een'l Pasanpr Offise, 613 Harbt JL, Pisr la. 7, Pacifis St
PANAMA IVS
To MEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. fl(V5; Steerage, f4O.
S. S. Eoanoke Bails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5. ;,
S S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont St., at 2 p. in.
Freight and paeseoger ofSce. 330 Market st
' F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACinO BTEAH HAVKJATI05 CO. A5D
COMPANIA SIH) AX1RICANA OS TAP0BZ3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. . From section No.
2. Seawall. Sailing:
SS. PALENA ..February 23, 1901. at 13 m.
S3. -COLOMBIA March 7. MCI
S3 TUCAPEL : March 20, 1301
SS". AREQUIPA .* Aprtl.^4. 1901
Theee steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger s^rice. <No
change at Aeapulco or Panama.) ¦telgnt and
passenger office. 318 California stf^et.
v BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Agents.
C0MPAGNI3 GENEKALH TSAS3ATLANTiqO2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVBE-PARJ3.
Bailing every Thursday, instead of <^f|jT5>
Baturday. at -10 .*. m.. from Pier « —^2|PC»i
North River, foot of Morton street. Flrst-clasa
to Havre, too and upward. Second class to
Havre |45 and upward.' GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 31
Broadway (Hudson bul'dint?), New York. J.
F. FUGAZI ' & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
BAY .AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S.NAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
SterT*** "^f'tlceilo." . ,
• MON, Tuts.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:43^
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. S
p. m.. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
I Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
OCEAN TRAVEL.Mr. Thomas has sent several bottles. of
the brandy to a Chemist for anaylsis, with
a . view of discovering .-whether any
;"blackstrap" was used In its manufac
ture. < -. ¦, s. ......
After receiving Agent Thomas' report
Mr. Lynch ordered Deputy Collector L.
C. -Wlttenmyer of Martinez to Beize and
hold the distillery for the Government,
but the order was- countermanded at a
later hour by Mr. Lynch upon representa
tions made by Judge Bridgford, Mr. Mal
ter's attorney, that he would give Mr.
Lynch all the information asked for.
The matter has been continued until
Monday, when the report of the chemist
will be received together with Mr. Mal
ter's statement as to the disposition of
the "blackstrap."
The distillery is valued at $100,000.
After some further/talk on the subject
Mr. Malter called Agent Thomas aside and
said that the tanks contained wine and
about 5 per cent of sugar about to be
made Into brandy. He explained also that
the thousand barrels of "blackstrap"
that had been shipped to the distillery
.were to be used for fertilizing purposes In
the vineyard. -" %
Mr. Thomas found on the premises elev
en tanks each of 5000 gallons capacity.
When he asked .the distiller what they
contained the latter replied "only distill
ing material." Finally the revenue agent
received the information that the 'tanks
contained only raisins and water; that
they did not contain wine, and that he
had not been distilling wine on the prem
ises at all.
Special Internal Revenue Agent Thomas
returned from Antloch yesterday after an
inspection of the affairs of the Califor
nia Difctlllery Company, George H. Hal
ter, president, and made a damaging re
port to Internal Revenue Collector John
C. Lynch. Mr. Thomas said that-Pres
ident Malter had told him several con
flicting stories with reference to his al
leged- violation of the revenue laws by
the use of black molasses In the distil
lery, which is licensed only for grape
brandy, in the manufacture of which only
certain fruits rre allowed. •
Stories.
Owner of Aatioch. Distillery
Told Him Conflicting •
Special Ag«nt Thomas B«ports That
Collector Lynch Analyzing
Matter's Product for
Illicit Material.
MAKING A SEARCH
FOR BLACKSTRAP
William StilL 8J; Thoma* F. Clark. 90 5-
William R. Boone, 89.8; Thomas Reagun, M-
John J. Mulcrevy, S2; Dennla J. O'Brien. 80 9*
Anthony A. Flynn. 79; William J. Turner
John J.- McGowan, 77: Thomas Chriitai;
76; Edward Donnelly, 75.3; Edward Deady, 75.!
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
announced the following eligible list of
street and sewer inspectors with the per
centages attained In the examination:
Eligible Street Inspectors.
• .* "for the- East.-
A special car full of magnificent speci
mens of California game, fish and for
estry left' San Francisco for Chicago yes
terday, where the splendid collection will
be placed on exhibition in the Coliseum
during the convention of the International
Association for the Preservation of For
estry, Game and Fish, which opens the
last of this month.
California's exhibit Is largely made up
of collections loaned from the State Uni
versity and the Stanford University, and
contains many rare specimens. An at
tendant will be In the Coliseum to furnl3h
information to visitors, and the Southern
Pacific Is preparing to distribute an Im
mense amount of California literature at
the convention.
CALIFORNIA j PRODUCTS
' / ;F0R CHICAGO EXHIBIT
Spnecial Car I/oaded .Wi A Fish, Game
and Forestry Specimens Leaves .
DENTAL STUDENTS
HONOR PRESIDENT
Reception to Benjamin Ide
Wheeler and Wife at
Affiliated Colleges.
Merry Afternoon Is Spent by Hun
dreds of Guests, Made Doubly
Pleasant by Music and
Dancing.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California and his wife were
pucsts of honor at a reception tendered
yesterday afternoon by the faculty and
rtudcrsts cf the dental department at the
Affiliated Colleges in Parnassus avenue.
Although a heavy pray mist hungr over
Golden Gate Park and the surrounding
hills, all was warmth and color within.
Dr. \V. F. Sharp had charge of the decora
tions and refreshments. The blue and gold
was everywhere prominent, entwined with
with the national colors. The acacia
biocm was utilized with excellent effect
against a background of green. Dr. H.
P. Carlton provided an excellent orchestra,
a soloist and a double auartet, while Dr.
C L. Goddard extended the invitations
with great care.
On the arrival of the guests. President
Wheeler and his wife tDok the most prom
inent place in the center of the assembly
hali. and ranged behind them were the
members of the dental faculty and their
wives. The students, ladies and Invited
fruests filed past, shook hands with Presi
dent Wheeler. ;_nd soon a merry throng
joir.ed in the pleasures of the dance. Re
gents of the uni\-ersity, city officials an<l
others caught the spirit of the occasion.
Some 5(w persons attended the reception,
the numbers «xceedlrc the anticipations
of, the committee. Light refreshments
were served, acd a number orf vocal selec
tions were rendered. H. L. Taylor was
the soloist, and a double quartet, consist
ing of first tenors, Thomas and Taylor;
Becond tenors, RcidolDh and .Stokes: -first
bass, Wadley and Peoples . and second
bass, Hartman and Dr. Canton, rendered
a number of college slees and popular
sirs. The quartet was composed of stu
dents of the dental department.' • •
Presdent Wheeler before adjournment
made a few remarke suitable to- the occa
sion congratulating. the students on their
location and the favorable surroundings
under which they were 1 enabled to pursue
their chosen calling.
ADMITS WILL OF AJNTMTE
GEKLACH TO PROBATE
Judge Troutt Finds That the De
ceased Was Not of Unsound
Mind.
Judpe Troutt fited an opinion. yesterday,
sustaining the will of the late Annie- Ger-.
lach, which was contested by her adopted
daughter, Annie M. Qerlach-Berthelot.
Mrs. Gerlach died September 23, 1S?9,
leaving an estate valued at $53,000. By
the terms of the will, which was executed
.August 21, 1899, about one-third of the es
tate was left to charitable Institutions,
the income of $5000 to the contestant for
life. $LtO0 to two certain legatees and one
half of the residue to Alfred Needle?,
contestant's brother, and the other half
to the heirs of George Glllmore.
The contestant alleged that the deceased :
was cf unsound mind. Judge Troutt,
after reviewinr the evidence, finds that
the deceased was of sound and disposing
mind, and hence orders the wiil admitted
to probate.
Damages Policeman. Owens' Uniform.
Policeman Daniel Owens secured a war
rant Issued by Judge Mogan yesterday for
the arrest of Christian Taft, proprietor of
a restaurant at 42S Kearny street, on the
charpe of violating the city ordinance
prohibits people from depositing
refuse on the sidewalk. Owens com
plained that Taft was in the habit of
throwing «6ap suds on the sidewalk and
three times while he was passing he had
hiF uniform bespattered with the cuds.
He warned Taft each time, but the res
taurant man persisted in his method of
disposing of the suds. Taft was arrested
and released on $20 cash bail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FEBRUART" 17, 1901.
Hooper of the Occidental, held a reception
In the parlors of the hotel yesterday af
ternoon: The rooms were gayly decorated
for the occasion, and Miss Hooper's mini-
ature portraits painted on Ivory were
greatly admired. The portraits of Mrs.
Jo<» Tobln and Mrs. Stubba were especially
praised.
Ross Hooper's Reception.
Miss Rose Hooper,- daughter of Major
The Supervisors' Committee on Charter
Amendments began its labors - yesterday
with . a 'view , toward 'formulating ? amend
ments to the provisions of the organic law
of ¦' the municipality." Tho first point " de
cided upon by Commltteemen ' Branden
steln and McCarthy, at: the latter's sus-
.John Schauer, convicted of passing: a fic
titious check upon. Henry Pragge, a sa
loon-keeper, was sentenced by Judge Cook
yesterday to serve four years In San
Quentin. John W. Moore, alias Mulr, con
victed of burglary . in the second degree
for entering a room at 681 Mission street,
was sentenced to three and a half years
In Ban Quentin. Wednesday he was sen
tenced to two years for petty larceny, sec
ond offense. - ¦ . : , ¦ : , ..
Suggested Amendments to Charter.
Prisoners Sentenced.
teen hours late, owin's toian; accidents at
Palisade, : Nev., .that- occurred • yesterdav
Train' No. 1 6; eastbound-.that left here Ian
Thursday, evening, was deraUed about r a
mile" from Palisade, owing to' a heavv
rock rollingr down on tho track. Th© en
gine and baggage car ; were -derailed, but
no a onevwas .injured. ; ; A passenger train
was close behind the wrecked
train. It took several hours of hard work
to; clear- the track.-' Overland trains that
ehould have arrived here last evening- will
get in some '. time ,to-dav. . - .
TRAIN" IS , DEBAIUED ;BY
BOULDER IN^ THE TRACK
Accident 'X in Nevada . ! Delays ; West -
• bound- Overland, Which. Is Fif
teen Hours Late. r! •"• • , '
"All westbound ¦ overland trains^ are flf-
HOTEL AKRIVAI^S.
PALACE HOTEL.
E Etratman. N Y
B R - Herburn & I vr,
Connecticut
D S Clark & w, WIs.
T J Savage, San Jose
C Locke, 8 Rosa
E Locke, S Rosa
W J-Hussey & w, Cal
C E Gtlson, Conn
F W Leayitt, Sacto
P J Thomas, Los Ang
H Tod & w, Cal
Mrs H Carlisle. Cal
A E Nutt, San Diego
S Scearce, NY
W A Brewer, S Mateo
P Fernald, Cal
J.L Schonlde. Chgo
E H Davis. Chgo *
A Keating ¦& w, L An
J Douglass & w, Victr
Mn Douglas. London
I D Frenholme, Seattl
J* Marsh, Carters .
AS Stuart, 1 Detroit
H J Maxwell &.w, Cal
J Hlrschberg -& w,
Helena
A Klockmann. Rosslnd
F E Young &*w, Alam
E Chambers* Los Ang
G E Hart. Texas
F L Falrbank. Conn
C B Shaver, Fresno
Mrs N S Rood, Phoenx
Mrs M Magruder, Ariz
Mrs M E Clark, Lex
ington
Mrs • R G Shanley, Ky
J J Mack& w, Cal
N Hersey & w, S Jose
H F Norton, Seattle
E A Brusle & -w, Oakd
H A Anstott; Sacto
Mrs E H Cox; Madera
A Bodenwelser. Chgo
Mrs E A * Hamilton,
Seattle '-
Mrs A Graham. Seattl
H M Graham, Victoria
H G Ross, Victoria!
C P Dennis, L Ang .
Dr J W Stitt & w, Cal
Miss H Simons,* Cal
AVC Ralston & w. Cal
A P, Booth, Sacto
J. A' Dunton, Ohio
C Pearse, Ohio ,
C t) Willard, Los Ang
R Hotchklss, • N • Haven
W H- Murphy. Cal , . • •
W E Mitchell, Cal
Miss B Small, Cal
J Smith & w, Fresno
Miss Hall, Fresno
E Jewett, NY- ¦',*;-;
Miss Jewett, N T ; *
E L Fancar, Denver
P- Morton & w, Chgo
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Bledsoe, Uklah
F H Webster, Atwater
Miss Locke, Sta Rosa
Miss E Locke, S Rosa
F'E Smith&w. Ks Cty
w Graupe. Salt Lake ¦
O W Lowelliw, Cal
H A, Wright, Stockton
C L Josselyn, 8 DIpro
J H Hendly, Portland
J C Ruddock, Uklah'
E "Wilson, Kansas Cty
T H Ganes. Kta-City
J A Seybold&w, Ind
J Well, San«r
G P Grimsley. Topeka
Miss. Alexander. Cal
Mies E. • Kerr, ' Cal
H A Dreves. St Paul
Miss Farnham, 8 Cruz
G H Stewart. Las A
C A Vance. Stockton
J S Maloon, Stockton
J Parsons, Los Angels
T . H Selvaze, Eureka
J R Anderson&w, Cal
M Wallace. Portland
C Burner, Benicla ¦
C E - Llnse. Oakland •'
Rowena Merrftt, - Stnfd
W M Payne, ¦ Stanford
AB Dowdell.St Helna
T Hunter. Elkp, : Nev !
G A V-Hughes.~Reno
A L Jones. GUroy " ¦
Mrs M Neubwger, Chg
E Barry' & wife
S G Ball & w, Seattle r
WC. Daub. Bkersfleld
E Barry & wife, Cal
C T Jones," Sacramnto
J K Law & w, Colo
E Johnson & vr. Fuller
L. A Spitzer, San Jose
G W Thorne&f my, Cal
S L Strother&w, Frsno
HG Butler, Berkeley
C Menetee. Cal . -
D A Galley&w. Seattle
Miss -Galley. Seattle
Mrs F E Curtis & dau,
Tacoma 1 '
M Menasses, - Stockton
G G Grant. . Stockton '
H T Sm>-th.-San Lrnzo
O W Peltier&w, - Sacto
Mrs B F Durphy, Ariz
Miss Martin. Sacto -. '
Miss Ayres. Sacto
J J - Lachsentrer, Sacto
Geo . Roney. ¦ Sacrato
I Senator Nutt,\ Sacto
Senator Smith, Sacto
Senator ' Simpson. iSae.
A E Muenter & w, Cal
A ' A Caldwell&w; 1 Cal
J L'Martln&w, Vallejo
Mrs F 5 Smith, Los A I
MHOrr;; Stockton -i
H Webber. Los A '
A- C'Foster.^ Winnipeg -
E G Fleckensteln. Cal
J Krellman,- Benlcla
C • Baker. ' Sacramento
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Cooper. Portland
A Tlndenbergr. Mt'Edn
S -Jones. Ohio f - ;
A Campbell, Cat- ~v ,
J H Gault, Illinois ¦
T O'Brien, Denver - .
J Geraghry, Missouri C
O Mahone, Cal
L. O Carson, s Chiro-
LVWhlttocTt, Los Ang
Z C '. Connse, ; Fresno
MIbs • M ¦ Dunra," Mo '¦> '
C "Wood,* Cat >¦..« r -
F Turner, Cal
J Smith,- NY ; • -
C Campel, Denver '•'¦'¦
a Smith. St Louis'
- • . '.¦ "¦¦ ¦ ¦
Mr. Merril pleaded-, that . he was ignor
ant of any such part of the receipt, but
his plea was overruled. The judgment
and order of the lower •court were there
fore, reversed. - . -
In accordance with a State law a com
mon carrier is responsible for the loss of
property-through the gross negligence or
willful wrong of. an owner or an em
ploye. The defense proved that the em
ploye In ; question weis guilty 0* neither
of these offenses. .
The court then held that by accepting
the receipt . which was ; given him Mr.
Merril entered Into a lawful contract that
If the trunk was lost he should receive*
only $100, the amount for which the com
pany insured its transfer.
Mr. Merril proved approximately the
value of the goods lost, and the court
granted a decision in his favor to the
amount of $350: Appeal was at once taken
and the matter went to the Supreme
Court. *
The Supreme Court rendered a fiedsiqn
yesterday which will be of Interest to
travelers. It appears that Charles Mer
rllj. on arriving in this city, gave his
trunk to a.n employe of the Pacific Trans
fer Company and accepted a receipt there
for. The trunk never, came and an Inves
tigation was Instituted, which revealed
the fact that it had been stolen. No trace
of It could be found. The company offered
to pay Mr. Merril $100, the amount for
which the trunk 1 was insured, according to
the terms of the receipt.
The offer was declined, on the ground
that the true valuation- 4 of the contents
of the trunk was greatly in excess of the
amount offered. Negotiations stopped at
once and Uie matter was carried to the
courts.' •
Suprtmt Court Passis Upon
Liability of Transfer^
Companies.
RECEIPT UPHELD
IN THE DECISION
gestion was to- bring telephone, telegraph
and pneumatic service within the author
ity of the board, that -it might fix the
rates to be collected therefor. The char
ter only provides for the regulation of wa
ter, heat, light and power rates, the oth
ers having been for some reason over
looked In framing the charter.
; The Merchants' Association addressed, a
communication to. the Board of Superyfsi
ors yesterday. In which It states 'that I It
does not believe' it desirable at the)pres
ent time to remove all 6lgns dnd|trahs
parencles on public streets or sidewalks.
It recommends the passage' of ant ordi
nance, which It has drafted, design*! to
regulate the use of advertising signs.: -Jys
The draft contemplates perm&slbn /for
the erection of flat or curved sigrns * arid
incandescent electric light signs ' fastened
parallel to the- surface of the buildings,
drum signs attached to the pillars or en
trances to buildings and pole signs which
shall not extend more' than 1 six 'to twelve
Inches over the sidewalk. . The ordinance
will permit of the erection of clock signs
on the outer edge of sidewalks, provided
they are mounted on a single pole and
be not less than eight feet above the side
walk and have an electric arc light.
The ordinance permits temporary signs
advertisements or flags over the sidewalks
in front of premises upon holidays, elec
tion day and days of public parade . or
display, when the same shall be placed
in a manner satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works, but they shall be removed
Immediately thereafter. Advertisements
on awnings are prohibited, except signs
painted upon canvas awnings which can
be raised and lowered at will. ." 5
Buch Stabbing and Cutting Was
Never Known • ¦
Ab will be going on to-morrow (Monday).
500 pairs of ladles' Czarina $2.50 shoes, all
sizes, for $1.25 per pair; BOO pairs men's
fine vlcl kid box and velure calj at $1.85
per pair, worth $4 and $5; all sizes and
latest styles at the -Standard, 1029 Market
street, between -Sixth and Seventh. •
Merchants' Association Sub
mits an. Ordinance to
the Supervisors. *
FOR REGULATING
ELECTRIC SIGNS
32
• 300 of them, 7 feet 'long, 37 inches wide, mounted on 15-16 Hartshorn
rollei — choice .from staple colors^ — each one is complete with brackets, pul-
ley and cord— while they last 35c
I 1000 YARDS ART DENUI AT 15c— it's the real art
Opaque window shades 35c
$1.95, and $3.00 at one price ...$1.45
$1.45 for wrappers worth up to S3.OO.
Of flannelette in^ood colors and patterns, stripes and figures, trimmed
with braid and ruffles-^most of them have flounces— choice from what were
Cheviot in black or navy blue, double-breasted eton jacket with, velvet
collar and lined with silk serge — the skirt has the inverted plait and is lined
throughout.
Good-by to all ladies' suits, S6.75.
It's a grouping of several lines — kerseys and meltons^ — in tans, blacks,
dark blues and dark greens— with velvet collars, strapped seams and lined
with Skinner's best satin. There are so many styles you arc sure to be
suited, though it may take some time to find your size.
Ladies', Jackets, choice, $4.95.
Were formerly $6.75 to $15.00 each.
CHILD'S BOX COATS— in blues
with plaited backs — trimmed with
bands of black kersey — were $7.;3>—
now 95.95
CHILD'S AUTOMOBILES— ker-
sey — in reds and blue; — with velvet
collar,. pearl buttons, satin lined — were
$16.00 — now .....$9.75
hey ever were. But storekeepers have
er for these bargains. She'll not be
m as she is with us.
MISSES' JACKETS— in castor*
and blues^ — lined- with silk serge-
were $5.oo- 1 — now .$3.95
CHILD'S BOX COATS— in reds
and blue with storm collar trimmed
with braid and with a double
cape trimmed with braid and edged
with fur $4.50
They are worth as much to vou as
got to mind Dame Fashion. Thank 1
near as severe with you concerning thi
Have been marked down.
Our cloakroom reductions are attracting wide attention.
Ladies' and child's jackets
Fine neckwear
A big New York purchase of samples.
OOLANDER— sale price ..ISC
2-quart RICE BOLLERS-!_ W ere $i;io
— this sale .". .87c
TEA OR COFFEE POT— sale price
....;.. 20c
CHAMBER PAIL— sale price 78c
Small JELLY PAN— sale price... ioc
WASHBOWL— sale price vi&jc
COFFEE BOILER— sale price. . . .40c
4H-qt. RICE BOILER— sale price 87c
3-qt. TEA KETTLE— sale price. . . W
3-qt. Berlin SAUCEPAN or kettle-
sale price -^qc
3-qt. lipped SAUCEPAN— sale price
•• 25c
9 ¦» m
Special Stationery
- 20c & box
And other as good offers to bring you here.
First, why shouldn't we give values? We're
better able to get best of them than any one else.
Wherever there is a market advantage we're
bound to have it." A rope with six strarids is six
times as -strong as a rope with one strand. Hale's
six stores have six" times the getting advantages
others ¦ have. "That's" the theory — here are the
facts: ' •'-' [ . '• ... ¦" ".:: '.':>¦. .
29c STATIONERY— Hale's Special-€o sheets wedding
cream-note paper'and 50 envelopes to "match.
HURLBUT'S ' PARCHMENT* PAPER 29c*— envelopes
to match— 24 of the.rn.in a 'box... "... ' ...
GRECIAN BOND PAPER AND ENVELOPES 35c A
3 BOX.. ' . •
HURLBUT'S IRISH LINEN NOTE PAPER AND EN-
VELOPES 23c A BOX.
7e A BOX— Cream note
paper and envelopes to _/ 41^^?N
match — 24 of them". >SS>^F^v.£ \
WEDDING CREAM BARO- /JWi 0..0 <g>).
NIAL ENVELOPES 8c / ¦ /V^SdkT/
PACKAGE. /m<^f^ N oHI«
15c A BOX— LINEN FIN- V^^l^ y^f
ISHED ! NOTE PAPER • f\j *\\ 'yC*
AND ENVELOPES— 24 of *=gA^
25c en A BOX—White . envel- /^UN^F
opes, 6x614 — 2.^0 to the box. [/ i^h^ tm
HALE'S SPECIAL LEAD Vj/
PENCILS 25c PER '^t'lM'^.
DOZEN— and there's no bet- '. ¦£zJl'A~^
ter quality lead made.
LETTER TABLETS 12c
linen finished selected paper. .
Deep PIE PLATE— sale price . . . . 1 ic
BUCKET— gale price 27c
GRAVY STB AINER— sale price iqc
DTJSTP AN— sale price 1 7c
DIPPER— sale price i.qc •
MTLKPAN— sale price ..12c
PUDDING PAN— sale price . 16c
MILK KETTLE— sale price .....24c
CANDLESTICK— sale price .....; 10c
MUFFIN PAN— S a1e price 22c
i-qU windsy SAUCEPAN— sale price
¦ • • •' • _nii • .". • , • . .24c
2-qt. CLIMAX KETTLE— sale price
FRTPANlLs'aie price '.'.'..'.'.'.'.'.'.'. \^c
STEAMER— sale price ; ... 39c
CHAMBER— sale price 40c
Handled STRAIGHT POT— sale
price 2qc
DISHFAN— 3ale price 4qg
EGGPAU — sale price 17c
MIXING SPOON— sale price 5s
STOVE PAN— sale price 65c
> Every one of the 33,560 pieces is good.
. If they were not, we'd hurt ourselves. These trade sales are held more for the. advertisement in them than the money. We make the offers so tempting you
must buy. When you come once you are bound to come again 1 . As to the savings: . -
Now
about
the
goods :
— Plenty of everything you can think of. _ Tr "'-'''- , * " '. ... . , j Vir tl
-Every article is brand new ; right to you from factory. ' > We want >' ou tc ? know of this is good goods. -We have
—Not a faulty piece in the thousands (to our knowledge). * . plenty of chances to get enamehvare that we could make more
—You couldn't get better goods if you bought from regular stocks and paid full value. money with ' but not more trade * Ve ve no Job> no seconds -
More than that — we've had our
force of decorators busy for days ar-
ranging an elaborate display in the
light well. [n ¦'¦;.
In the place of honor is a life-
size bust of Washington, beside
which is the Goddess? of Libertv.
Scores of flags and hundreds upon
hundreds of yards of buntincr lend
an inspiring and stirrinsr effect to
the scene; ' * .'¦>'. :¦ > -.'
George Washington
Would be 169 years old Friday
If he had lived. ..Yet he lives — lives
in spirit — exerting an -influence in
American affairs. His character,
his work, his life, have been woven
into the nation's fiber.
Let us all pause at least one day
of the year to keep, his memory
green, his deeds fresh. So
We close next Friday.
Prices less than those befpre the advance.
We looked ahead. We saw our needs. We watched our chance. If you are wise you'll 'do that now buy ahead.
Starts to-morroW: Best news for housekeepers we ever printed.
. '. Four carloads have been specially gathered for this event. If we hadn't commenced months ago we couldn't have done it.
Only last week we were advised by manufacturers of^io per cent' advance. In the face.of that we are able to say
Annual sale steel enamel ware
Hale's midgets
Begin their antics to-day. They will
be identified with the development of
the. store while here in its windows,
its advertising and all its features.
What do you think of them? "If
you've a child maybe you can make
a little spending money if you submit
to us a good, bright, original idea a*
to what you'd have them* do.
Whoever you are we'd like to feel
a closer advertising relationship with
you. Tell us what you think about
our advertising — how do you think it
could be improved? ¦
Hale's.
Sale's.
Hale's.
Sale'*.
Hale's.
• To-morrow, $5 men's Alaska seal shoes
for 11.90. - Shoe Trust Sale,- 717 Market st; *.
TAILORED SUITS,* JACKETS, CAPES
ANDJSKIRTS AT LESS THAN
HALF OF FORMER PRICES.
:: NEW SILK WAISTS AND PETTICOATS, Hand-
11 v ;¦•;•-'.*'. some and Exclusive Styles,
J OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
4* ,¦• ¦"•¦• ¦ •'¦ •.'¦. ¦ ¦ ¦ • •¦
t The balance pf - our late. Fall and Winter Styles of
$4,50 to $50
Ol/irte in- Silk and
OKIIlOf Cloth,
Elegantly Trimmed
$8.50 to $25
Auto Box Jackets,
$10 to $75
Tailor-Made Suits,
SPRING,
1901.
I NOW READY.
t MONDAY, February 18th, we will show some of the Latest
X ... Creations for
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET,
Announce .Their Early Spring Styles,
THE QOLDEN GATE
CLOAK am SUIT HOUSE,
greens. Only 60 of them $1.50
2O PIECES LACE STRIPED SCKUS. G$ic YARD —
white — .16 inches wide — a neat, good, serviceable material
for cottage windows. It will pay you to anticipate your
summer needs at this "price t 6J4c
60 TAPESTRY COVERS AT $1.5O— dinner table size
— fringed — pretty patterns — reds, blues, terra, cotta and
denim, too. in solid and tinted colorinprs — a good variety of
greens, reds, blues and browns — 36 inches across — suit-
able for wall or floor coverings for dens or cottage rooms
— and 20c value — while it lasts 15c
About half price
Goes on sale to-morrow. * v ../£
— Collars, fine taffeta' silk
— Cascades of liberty silk
— Jabots, chiffon touched off with gold
— Velvet collars — all kinds trimming,' all colors
— Newest bows— many patterns and colorings.
Not an old style one, not a poorly made one, not
a hurt one among them. It's the neckwear you're
all asking for— and for which you'd gladly pay full
prices. The rarest bargains that have come our
way for some time. This large maker, cleaned
up his* stock at one . stroke — he gains — we gain
— you gain. .There's not much of any one thing,
so come'as early, as you can if you'd get the big-
gest money's worth.
48c NECKWEAR, worth 75c and $1.00— Jabots of fine
plaited chiffon with narrow silk ruchinj?— others with
1 >3»««»««»««#» • rosettes of silk chenille cord
f (P w^k * w ? spiked ends —
¦^> ffiitimFS),] others finished with lace —
J <y^KM also collars and bows of sillc
P 3 a °d velvet — all colors. £
n^ k^Z 60c NECKWEAR, worth
U - /^&?-»S' $1.25 to $2.00 — Cas-'
f r ' &'-'W~J)' c . adcs and Jabots of libertv
: - fr^i^V^y-'V si ! k and chiffon, touched otT
' ('I^W^^ls' 1 '^' with ruchinjr, lace and eold
1 ls& S&1 l £ y braid, also collars with bow.s
wTT.^W'^^ a » nd ends oi \ taffcta . silk, also
*l silk bows with spiked ends.
' Jh&\ t A. '¦ a - so ac^ velvet collars
/vK\i&fii{5Ll OSe NECKWEAR, W orth
x ( rfy, W*^ rrTO $2.00 to $2.50 — Collars taf-
S^S/// \ .Zz J& f ftta silk with bows and lonpr
*^v K3Y ends_ finished with ribbon.
itfjfc"^*^ renaissance braid, etc. — also
fi??ff^f% cascades of libertv silk fin-
iirffctf J) ished with fine silk ruchincr.
>2 ••,"/ -Jl |ace and gold brai.d— also
) '. ~** <ffj5) ' Jabots^of plaited chiffon fin-
g . .iJg^ ished with dashine bits of
[V gold.
Market Street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gats AvcnuJ -
1"— nnn — TTZ^^Z^r^z ~C33ix: ' ¦¦-¦¦¦¦ ''"-'. "^ ¦'.¦•* ¦ " '" '
/;s
I Friedman's Furniture I
I MaSSioe Oab, Rich carving, artistic design. and excellent workman- 1
ship maks our fine Sideboards worthy to be handed down with your plate U
fa as heirlooms. This one $72. Other; solid oak ones as low as $12.50 M
I] Another shipment of furniture a month earlier than we expected We've 1
, B got to have room,, lots more room, NOW, and we'll make It by making |
I REDUCTIONS ON THINGS YOU WAKT 1
K Chiffonier pve .locked-drawer, hard wood, golden finish. 00 Rri I
[j nilluIIlt5r Swinging, 24x13 In. beveled mirror.- Was $13.50 ?8-00 |
U Music Cabinet Mah bgany finish, lock doon lots of room o;i o- B
I Fiu&ic Ldomec t0 kecp your musk safeIy> Was 5q §4.85 |
1 Metal Bf>d a White enamel finshed off with polished brass. « 71 m 1
I il^ m DBUS A good and a good looking one. All sizes $7.50 $4.10
P Parlor Chair Re stfularms, odd shape, bright velour up- 00 QK
n . ranor nair hoistered. Mahogany finish/ $7.50; now ?3-85
I Real Rug Reductions
E Nice long fringes, no end to color and pattern
I Tapestry 27x50 in. Sold at $1.00, ,50 Ct 8
rj BodlJ Brussels 27x50, in. Sold at $1.25, 65 Cts
I Axminster 27x50 in. Sold at $1.25, ,-65 Cts
I Yeloet 27x50 in. gold at $1.25, "65 Cts
I :I Oriental colors and Western wear
I Jute Oriental 27x54 in, Sold at $1.75, S 1 10
P Jul^ Smyrna 30x60 in. Reversible. at $2.25, $125
| Jute Oriental 27x54 in. Bound. Sold at $1.60, 95 Cts
I Big Rugs and Bigger Reductions |
B 6x9 feet, $10., now 35 40 7^xio feet, $12.50, now -$7 50 I
p ,9x10 feet $14.00, $9 OO 9 xl2 f =« $16.50, now $|O 80 i
I 'Warm Blankets-$2.50 I
p They are not ail wool; just ; two - thirds. But it's fine wool, woven on a 1
? ' strong cotton body, making a durable blanket soft to the touch and very;; g
I warm. Five pounds weight. Large size, 72x78 inches." White, bound i
P with sflk; put them on the be£t bed in the house. Reg. $4.00; now S2.60 S
6 Free delivery OakUnd Alameda Berkeley K
1 M. FRIEDMAN & CO. •*»! I
g - (Incorporated* H
01 —^ JjQ