leaped out and went Immediately to ' the .
Queen's bedside.
The Queen wxis conscious when the royal
party arrived.- It is told that some one
whispered to her that Emperor William
had come and that she made a sign that
she wished to see him. She was stronger
than she had been for hours.
The Emperor entered and stood beside
her couch, looking sadly upon her. T7a«
Continued on Second Pafft
A Special ' IM spatch to ¦ The > Call.
; SBORNE.MslftofiWlRht. Jan.
'^j..- *i 22.*'; 5 ': a: : m; »/ ( Special i -^cable^ )
M •. ¦vprani' to the. New jTork^ Jour-*
¦¦ B ' nal).— All "; day I andi," night ? a'
~W'£ little] bandfof j,watcheraj. wait"-"
.•tT^B^^F; -i edi'outsldeithe^sates^of iOa-]'
'_ % ;bonie f 6r € i fatal news;of Queen
.Victoria' which twasf ekpectedjat ' any£moi
;ment. The- buUetlnslofiithetdoctorsslef t
no 'hopes cof (recovery j and^the shows' jTof
the ' day passed wlthouti'evehtful' tidings.
Morning ~ will * soon * bo * dawning farid * still
her Majesty ; lives.? The small nours^aiway?
1 are -most ! daLns^rous, and ' as i these 'critical
i ,' moments V slowly', paas: -'^away. ." hopes "of
¦ 1 further i ? for{ the \Queen » gradually..
• >lse In (the hearts r of ;wearled s watchers. ,J {
'¦ ¦ the'eates 'upTthe lonffjfoadway
we"°see>>they lights ?.'of; the' great & house,
where : the rlQueen \ lies. \ During ':the\'day /
;' ."royalty,^ passes 1 up and »;" down '¦. the ; road.V
!j 'Atinlght'itherejls the silence ;o^the,toiab/
,« broken*^only,iby .the | midnight ( appearance
I of } the* phyalclanaV. "messenger 'bearlaa" • ,
QUEEN'S PHYSICIANS PERMIT KAISER
WI LH ELM TO REMAIN ONLY A SHORT
TIME AT TH E BE D5IDE OF THE I N V ALI D
VICTORIA. QUEEN OF GREAT BRITAIN jANDwIRELAND AND EMPRESS OF INDIA.
k> ON THE i OCCASION OF, HEIt VISIT TO IRELAND LiAST" TEAR THE QUEEN SAT FOR HER PHOTOGRAPH ' TO LAFAYETTE AT DUBLIN. IN TES
TIMONY OF HER APPRECIATION* OF THE 'RECEPTION SHE fiAD RECEIVED, HER MAJESTY WORE A- SPRIG OF. SHAMROCK IN HER BONNET.
Then a dull evening dragged into night and, the uneasy sleepers, : around whose royal home
the wind howled piteously, got what rest thev could in the intervals of a vigil which the {whole
world was keeping: in company with them. : ;
After luncheon at the castle the Prince of Wales, Emperor William and the Duke of Con
naught strolled around the- grounds and visited the Sailors' Home. The Bishop ' of Winchester,
who has been at Osborne since Saturday, visited the rector of Whippinghainv Meanwhile "most of
the ladies at Osborne House snatched a few hours of sleep.
Never has Emperor William arrived at any place in England with so little eclat. No sa
lutes were fired, no cheers were given. The men of the guardship Australia silently manned her
sides. The crowd was equally undemonstrative, the people contenting themselves with baring
their heads. It was a greeting given to the grandson of a dying woman more than to the ruler of
a great ally.
The news of the death, when it occurs, is likely to be publicly announced in London before
it is announced here. According to present arrangements the first telegram is to be sent to the
Lord Mayor of London. There is an enormous-telegraphic staff in Cowes, and additional facilities,
were installed yesterday at Osborne. . V-k:
Already the villagers are bewailing the Jate that is likely to befall Cowes, for it is known
that the Prince of Wales probably will never make Osborne House a place of residence.
There is an entire absence of local excitement. The town has settled down in patience
and sadness to await the inevitable. ; ; •''. ,
The Queen's rally astonished no one more than her physicians, and when at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon they heard her ask for chicken broth their amazement almost equaled their de~
light. Privately, however, they build no false hopes upon these fading signs of what has been one
of the strongest constitutions with which woman ever was endowed. Despite the favorable after
noon the doctors dreaded greatly the period between 6 o'clock and midnight. 'When that ' was
passed they seemed hopeful that she would live at least through another day, though their memory
of the previous night's relapse kept their anxiety at high tension - v
The desperate remedies employed on Monday to enable Her Majesty to live until her.eldest
son's arrival will not be used again to the same extent, for. the doctors are fearful that the remedy
might be almost worse than the disease. They trust to prolong her life by moderate application of
stimulants combined with as much nourishment as can be assimilated. Such expedients as were
employed on Sunday evening and Monday morning are not considered justifiable.
To obtain this result they resorted 'to the frequent use of brandy and champagne. These
stimulants, used to an extent which only the greatest emergency justified, worked their process,
and when the Prince of Wales and Emperor William* entered the castle grounds, at 11:30 a. m.,
they found the Queen a trifle better than they had expected. ¦
> .....¦¦ . "
COWES. Isle of Wight, Jan. 22, 1 a. nC — Another day in the 'Victorian era, now so rap
idly drawing to a close, passed without any great change in the condition of Queen Vic
toria. The slight improvement so frequently, mentioned in the official bulletins merely
indicated a postponement of the inevitable. ,The end may be a matter of days or only
hours, but the members of the royal family who are now dragging out a weary visit at
Osborne House know that the death of the Queen is merely a question of a short time.
The most noticeable feature of- yesterday, was the satisfactory portion the Queen spent in
consciousness, which she regained early in the afternoon and still retained at 10 p. m. At that
hour she had not seen Emperor William, local rumors to the contrary notwithstanding. Royalty
at Osborne thus had a chance to recuperate from the terrible ordeal undergone during the early
hours of Monday. The members of the royal family were called to a room adjoining the Queen's
bedchamber no less than four times yesterday morning and were kept in momentary expectation of
being summoned to witness the end up to half-past 5. Her Majesty's physicians then had only a
vestige of hope that they would be able to keep the Queen's feeble life in existence until the Prince
The following js the fuL * text of the } midnight bulletin r posted
at Osborne House: "There is no maffiw
condition. The slight improvement of the r morning has been
maintained throughout the day Food has been taken fairly
well and some tranquil sleep secured."
The Cowes correspondent of the Daily Express learns un
officially that the Queen took nourishment freely after mid
night At 5 a. m. it was announced that she was expected
to live until Thursday morning, unless unexpected comphca-
" The Queen this morning shows signs of diminishing
strength, and Her Majesty s condition again assumes a more
serious aspect REID,
) "POWELL,
"BARLOW"
LONDON, Jan. 22—8:35 a. m.~An official bulletin issued
at Osborne House, at 8 o'clock, says: *
. . . • ¦.-.,:•¦¦¦•....•-..-¦-,¦¦..¦..•, ¦ . ' . ¦¦- ~ ¦ • .. ¦ . . . . . -
Physicians Adopt Desperate Me&sii res to Prolong Her Life
Until the Arrival of Emperor : 'William and 5i$£hs of Dimin=
ishing Str6ngthp Indicate the Reaction Mas Set In
VICTORIA RALLIES SLIGHTLY
UNDER TEMPORARY INFLUENCE
OF THE STRONGEST OF STIMULANTS
san francisco, ;tijesd:a^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 53.
ware reined ¦; up at the door the • Kaiser
Prince ;ot /Wales," the i Duke i of ;York and
, the~ Duke % of i Connaught.1 Two . open car
riages awaited?: them. The Kaiser and
Prince rode together. -There was no cere
mony.ino r crowds,- . no ¦ cheering. .'¦; Horses
trotted swiftly up the road and. when' they
bulletin saying, that there Is little , change.
•;, In, the Solent Is the royal yacht 'Alberta,
with' steam* always up, bearing -anxious
visitors across rfronv Portsmouth. Yester
day I morning ; »h« brought the Kaiser, , the
The San Francisco Calladmit the virtues' and services to mankind
of Queen Victoria."
"In the. United States, as we were enti
tled to expect," says the Times, ''the sor
row which overshadows the mother coun
try^has silenced ungenerous criticism. The
personality of the Queen Is understood
and honored by Americans, and we can
hardly s desire e ny higher tribute to her
admirable qualities, both as sovereign and
woman, than those quoted by our New
York correspondents." _
. This evidence of universal sympathy to
England in her hour of trouble Is In fact
the leading theme, and the Standard re
marks: "There Is no enemy of England
too bitter and no professing contemner of
crowns and thrones too fan^ical not to
The Chronicle observes: "In .the United
States the nation and the Government dis
play once again the irrepressible senti
ment of a cognate people. The strain of
common blood which -flows in British and
American veins has been ..rarely more
manifest "oT warmly recognized." .;,"
The Dally Telegraph says: "It seems but
a- brief Interval since England- was the
center of almost universal hostility. To
day-all International hostilities are hushed
and stilled as they never were by any sin
gle event In the annals of the world." ,
enter their names -on the vis
itors" book. On nil sides It fs.: a tale of
public and private engagements and func
tions postponed, and a settled gloom rests
over all classes of society. - i';
The newspaper editorials reflect' this feed
ing, and the suspense the country Is en
durlng.'together with the gratillcatlon and
consolation derived from the sympathy
testified or all fides from abroad. 13. shop
Potter's allusion to the Queen in his ad
dress on 'Sunday eve'rihig In New York
City to students and college men is every
where commented upon with very keen
satisfaction. The Daily News says: "Bish
op Potter compared her Majesty to Wash
ington: No American could go-farther
than that." '
i my OXDON, Jan- 22. 3:«) ' W.ni.— Up
3 to a late hour last, evening
;'$ crowds were gathered In the
«.-' vicinity of. Buckingham Pal
|j . .ace and MarlborougirHouve,
frfai i i«rf^7 an<^ there was . a constant
stream of persons anxious to
ENGLISHMEN APPRECIATE
SYMPATHY OF AMERICA
Grateful for Bishop Potters Allusion tp'tKe Qt^en in His Address
/ the Ties of J Blood Bihdiiig : ihe
Two Nations Have Never Been More itlearly Manifest
: : HAZLBTON." Pa. , Jan. 21.— The 1200 men
employed at the . Lattlmer colliery, '¦ op C.
Pardee . &* jCo. - Btruck to-day JbecauseVof
the alleged unwarranted discharge of two
drill-runners * and --- the company's $ refusal
to reinstate them,; as requested by a com
mittee i of- the mine { The miners
at * ; the v \Hardwood colliery of :. the same
company - threaten ¦ to inaugurate a sym
pathetic strike if matters; : are not ad-'
justed; ; ¦¦-¦¦;•¦•¦.-. r "-¦¦:;-.¦•.¦;>•• \-- : . ...,.-\ ¦ , .'>;¦¦;
MTNEHS GO ON A STH1KE.
Quit Work Because Two Drillers Are
•';• /'• ; ;*''*v ' * Discharged.' "" ,w " " ; ; •*
House Asks Conference.'
i .WASHINGTON, ,Jan. ¦ 21.— Th^*. Housa
Committee on Military Affairs , to-^Jay dis
agreed -to all " the ''; Senate 'amendments to
the ! army < reorganization" bill and author
ized the chairman to move similar action
in. the : House i with rpq.uest *i for. a ¦ confer
ence* . ¦- _ * '¦ -; ." • - r • ..- ' ¦ ¦ ." ¦ ,
The old etory Is revived about a trades
man who made a fortune by; buying, up
every piece of crape which" he could, find
in London when the Prince Consort's con
dition became so serious; but nowadays
crepe Is very much less worn, except by
widows/than It • used ¦ to - be. -A' great na
tional calamity, such as that with which
we are now threatened, ; means terrible
loss tt> some of the* big -wholesale houses
in London.; many of. which are Just begin
ning to deliver the season's goods. Orders
-were given as long back as July last, but,
of course, in all probability, '¦ they will not
be required, .
that every one about him shall' observe
mourning orders, is not so fond, of the
trappings of woe; and it will be remem
bered that when the Duke of Clarence
died neither the Princess nor. her daugh
ters wore crape.
folk is in. St. James square, where doubt
less everything will b« arranged.
The Queen has always been a great
stickler for mourning, but the ¦ Prince of
Wales, though always most particular
always the latter who gives orders lor
general mourning, and the Duke of Nor-
There seems to be considerable differ
ence of opinion in society as to what
mourning orders will be Issued when the
end does come. Some eay six weeks will
be the longest general mourning, while
otners say three months. I have heard
that it might be six months. .This, .of
course, is, a matter, for the Lord Chamber
lain's office and. the EarlcMarshal." IC is
and " so are Lord Pembroke and Lord
Stewart, prepared for eventualities. /,-.
. - — - --',-• &m
Special Cable to Tbe Call and Netr York Her
ald: Copyright, 1801, by the Herald Pub
llshinr Comcany.
''.LONDON," Jan. 21.— The Herald' o'society
correspondent says that the Lord Cham
berlain, Lord Clarendon, is in London,
Lord Chamberlain ; May Order That
the Manifestations' of Grief .^
• Continue for Six
;/f -•; -¦ . Montas. .' ¦
LONG PERIOD
OF MOURNING
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— At the open-
Ing of the session of the Senate the chap
lain in his Invocation referred with deep
pa«hos to the condition of Queen Victoria,
paying tribute to her virtues as a-sov
ereign and a woman, and invoking divine
tenderness and sympathy for all the mem
bers of her family and for the people of
her realm. V" /
Chaplain of the United States Senate
Pays a Tribute to Her Virtusa •
as a Sovereign and a
Woman. , .'-'-
OFFERS PRAYER
FOR THE QUEEN
/LONDON. Jan. .21.— The r Colonial Office
has^receiyed dispatches 'from the gov
ernments ; of "Australia and the'! South 'Af
rican colonies > expressing:. their anxiety
and distress at the Queen's Illness.
3 THEJHAGUE, Jan. 21— The report that
Mr. Kruger had | sent a telegram of sym
pathy^ to Osborne ; House is , without foun
dation. Up, to a late hour this evening he
had not done fo.- , -;•
;c _- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • - • i • -¦ . : . . ¦ ¦ "•¦ ..; '. ¦'
GRIEF OF COLONIES.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— The greatest
Interest and sympathy are ¦ manifested In
official circles here in the condition of the
Queen. Every bulletin Is --awaited, with
anxiety. Moreover, the character} of the
Inquiries Indicates clearly that the inter
est confined to official classes, nor
19 It perfunctory. While the . President
and: members of his Cabinet and other
high- officials, are by their own request
promptly notified of every change In the
sad Bcene at Osborne, all of the employes
in° the executive departments,' even to the
humblest messenger, are j equally diligent
in seeking the latest Information. >
.There is little to be done officially here,
when the end comes, and that- little Is
perfectly ; well defined by precedent. The
President \wlll 'communicate directly from
the.Whlte House anfexpresslon of his "re
gret to the 'Prince of Wales, or, v rather
to King Edward: VII,' as he wijj be by
the time. the message'is Indited. -^ '
Secretary.- HayJ will*: communicate. Em
bassador. Choate an official expression of
the ! sentiments of this I Government. This
wllbbe by cable also.:; Later on more for
mal exchangeai will » take place by ." mall.'
r ?By; this.' 1 means; the State Department
.will be officially Informed of the accession
of ,thesnew x monarch 1 to the throne.. It
will return Its; official . acknowledgment
arid ¦ that will be all ; that Is : prescribed by
the '. rules ; of official ' etiquette. { ; ; . y: .¦ '¦ :
-At the ; British embassy the .usual period
of mourning for a year In the. event of the
death of a sovereign will be ' strictly ad
hered to. . The German rand -Russian em
bassies also will observe court, mourning.'
? In all probability*: the -ball or. reception
which' always marks the celebration of the
anniversary of i the « birth ¦_ of ,. the , German
Emperor, January 27;' will be postponed or
canceled altogether
Other nations whose representatives. will
observe court mourning for a period will
be Belgium, the i Netherlands, Denmark
and Portugal, while other European diplo
mats will . cancel | all .social . engagements
until after the burial of the Queen. .
NO MESSAGE i. FROM - KRXTOER,
How Official Washington Will Re.
spond When Formally Notified
That the End Has
Come. • .
MESSAGES OF
CONDOLENCE
commanding the army corps, recalled the
"warm friendship and sympathy, that have
always united the governments of Great
Britain and Italy,", and moved that the
Senate should ask for information of
ficially regarding the condition of the
Queen and should express heartfelt wishes
for her recovery. Marquis Visconte Ve
nosta. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Joined
in. the sentiments, expressed by Count ,du
Sonnaz and supported the motion, which
was carried unanimously. . .;
BERLIN, Jan. 21,— The palace in Berlin
has become- as silent as the grave. All
the guests have departed/ ; ,;,'. .
, Most of the .German newspapers " ex
press sincere concern as to * Queen Vic
toria and praise Emperor William for go-
Ing to- Osborne. The agrarian and' Pan-
German journals, however, take a differ
ant tone. ;.Th« Deutsche ¦ Tages Zeitung,
the leading agrarian organ, concludes an
abusive article -in this style: v :
"The rising of English power fa now fol
lowed by a decline. That she has seen the
beginning of such a decline, has Riven
Queen Victoria ; a death stroke. | She saw
the commencement - of . the decay of that
nation whose splendid development she
had witnessed during a long life. This Is
the.tragiq finale of her prolonged -relgri.
"The most important question v for Great
Britain now'ls whether the new. King will
be able to find his _way out of South
Africa' ag-ain." "•' 1
Some of the papers already discuss the
Prince of "Wales as the coming sovereign,
and the Berliner Tageblatt prints- a ¦ dis
patch asserting that he is Gennajiaphobe
in' his feeling. "^ W " ¦ .; ".
THINK CROWE ESCAPED
ON UVERPOOL STEAMER
Many of the Officers and Crew, by
, Means>f a Photograph, iden
' tify a Suspect" : '%¦
BOSTON; Jan. 21.— When. the steamship
Michigan,, which arrived to-day from "Liv
erpool; last sailed from "this porti on De
cember 22; she carried a suspiciously act
ing stranger, who, although well dressed,
shipned at i the ¦* laat - moment as '¦ a", cattle
tender.; "He gave * the name .-of Robert
Lambert. The • police .were notified ' that
this man, who looked like Pat I Crowe of
Omaha. '* was on „ the steamship; --- but * too
late to intercept him. A cablegram I was
sent to Liverpool, and after the Michigan
reached- that port word came back ¦ that
the officers had found : no one who would
answer Crowe's description.- ,- . y^
The officers and crew of i the steamship
to-day were shown ; Crowe's photoeraDh
and^many'ofsthem.arecfrtaln that the
man Lambert was Crowe. %The bunkmate
of - Lambert : is certain that the latter ¦ and
Crowe are ' Identical. -> Lambert acted
queerly toward the end of the trip eivlnir
away the good clothes he wore on 'coming
aboard.": He : told s the deck, officer at Liv
erpool that he wished to get ashore auick
ly, as^ he waa -afraid friends would see
him.? He seemed to have plenty of money
and ! In I conversation i told s much • about the
West in an Impersonal way. . •>*,.- '
:-' -:.-¦ ; - ,-;• ---¦¦¦¦ ." * — — _' ¦ .' ¦ \ .-¦,.¦-¦
ROME, Jan. 21.— In the Italian Senate
to-day General Count Gluseppi du Sonnaz,
Italian Senate Officially Asks for In
formation Regarding the
Condition of th«
Queen.
SENTIMENT ON
THE CONTINENT
owed ¦ private- and public business:consid
erations in Vancouver and' throughout
British . , Columbia ; to-day. : Constant
streams of anxious faced citizens have
been" scanning ; the ¦: bulletin "; boards -from
an early hour. Telegraph and newspaper
offices "have been besieged:; :'As : each brief
bulletin was displayed Its nature 'could bs
judged .without referring j/to sthe \textvby
the appearance of the'faces of the watch
ers.' In official, and? semi-official l.clrcltis
preparations ¦ wer'ermade : during j the,' day
for the worst. , At the City Hall * Mayor
Towley. had laid* aside all ¦ ordinary j muni
cipal '> business --In order i, that'; nothing
might be left undone to testify the deer>-
S%t sadness. ¦'•_•
VANCOUVER, 1 Jan. 21.-Anxlety over
the condition cf the Queen has overshad-
GLOOM AT VANCOUVER.
could be more impressive than the pro
found silence with which the alternating
phases of the crisis was heard. '. ¦¦ •
-VA ; painful . mistake.' was' made early in
the afternoon. The flag over one of the
embassies .was .lowered, .'and. the people
rushed off with the news \ that the Queen
was dead. > Without waiting for a verifi
cation other flags were lowered, and some
time elapsed befora the error was rectified.
LONDON, Jan. 21.— The Bcenes about the
Mansion House -to-day exemplified '{the
anxiety of the common Interest that has
made all here akin. Great crowds
thronged the grounds all day. and nothing
Crowd Surrounding ¦' the Mansion
House Rushes On? With Reports.
That the Queen Is
Dead.- . .^..
FLAG LOWERED
THROUGH ERROR
Oeborne are eagerly read here. The even?
Ing papers publish more frequent editions,"
which are quickly sold. < The articles In
the papers are j sympathetic, though they
give evidence of the anti-British feeling
aroused by the South African war. : Many
of the .writers ascribe \ Queen Victoria's
collapse to the cloud of melancholy en
shrouding her on account of the situation
In South Africa and the. ever-increasing
death roll. : • ¦¦ .'¦ '. ',
Joseph Chamberlain Is spoken of as the
evil' spirit responsible for the painful cir
cumstances of her end. Anglophobe
writers,- like MM. Dramont andi',HIHe
voye, publish, however, "in j the Libre" Pa
role and Patrle, respectively, ruthless ex
coriations of the dying Queen.- 1 : *
i President Loubet , has received a. mes
sage from the Prince of Wales thanking
him for. his" message of sympathy. >,
I The, Figaro says that the death of Queen.
Victoria will be. much regretted in France,
not only^ because she has always been pa
cific; but because : she': has always J shown
a fondness for France. It refers "to , the
hostile attitude of the Nationalists toward
England as leading to a desertion by; the
English \of ¦ the health resorts of >. France,
and asks If -' the Prince 1 of VWaleir when
King will abstain from visiting ,the coun
try. ,'s . ¦_________; :-;v "<¦, ¦
PARIS, Jan. 21.— The dispatches from
Anglophobe Writers Publish Ituth
less Excoriations of the laying
Queen of Great
Britain.
FRENCH PRESS
GROWS BITTER
Queen uttered a few feeble words. The
Emperor had come from Germany t#
bring the farewell of his mother and hiir.
relf to the dying sovereign, but he could
not fi>eak It. She was able to recognize
her grandson, who, with sad eyes, greeted
her.
The dying monarch, grandmother to the
great ruler who sto-jd beside her couch,
Fmiled faintly upon "Willful Willie, 1 as
Fhe called him as a boy. He has always
been her favorite grandson and the scene
was touching when he stood mute and
grief stricken beside her bed.
The meeting was brief, as the Queen's
physicians were desirous that she should
not be disturbed. The Queen spoke a few
words to her grani&on. and soon after
Us departure she fell into a refreshing
sleep in .tbe arms of the Princess., of
Wales.
During the afternoon the .Duchess of
Saxe-Coburg. who has been at the bed
side of tbe Queen without cessatiorr ever
since her Illness began, went on" a long
walk, accompanied only by a couple of
dogs. She took the main road to Cowes
and came back, noticed only by a few
persons, who bowed respectfully and sad
ly at the sight of her sorrowful coun
tenance and deep mourning.
As the shades of night closed in the
gToup of eilent people around the lodge
pate diminished, leaving only those whose
duty as journalists kept them in ceaseless
vigilance. The hours of darkness have
been leng indeed, occasionally broken by
messages from those at the bedside, who,
realizing the world's anxiety for news,
have communicated frequent reports. But
during this night they have been all the
same. "No change, no change"," they
have said. '¦¦¦"• .'¦¦.'¦
Thus, as another day begins to dawn,
we wonder whether it will be the last for
the dear Queen. Many members of the
royal family are utterly worn out by,
watching and are sleeping at this hour.
The Kaiser and Prince remained up long
after midnight, but finally retired, to be
called at the slightest sign of a change. "
At the bedside, never leaving, is Prin
cess Henry of Battenberg, better known
as the Queen's favorite daughter. Prin
cess Beatrice. Her eyes have scarcely
known eleep for many nights, but she
sticks to her place with loving duty and
unflinching courage".
KAISER STAYS
AT OSBORNE
Accommodations of the Royal Man
sion Taxed to House Thoss
Who Would Be Near
the Queen.
LONDON, Jan. 22, 3 a. m.— A special
train is held in readiness to convey the
members of the Cabinet to Osborne at a
moment's notice. .Thus far it • has not
•been required.
Up to 3 a. m. no further bulletins had
been received In London since the one
issued at midnight.
Emperor William Is spending the night
at Osborne. where the accommodations
are r o severely taxed that the Battenberg
children elept at Lord Oorfs residence.
East Cowea castle, and the royal yachts
at Cowee are being fitted up for the ac
commodation of visitors.
The Queen's illness was bo sudden, and
In the first onset* was expected to be so
brief, that no arrangements were made
for the posting or circulation of bulletins.
An agitation Is on foot to have them
posted Immediately In all postofflces
throughout the United Kingdom. At
present the province* have no means of
knowing anything except from the news
papers and the result Is' that all kinds of
baseless rumor* are circulated.
For Instance, at Chelansford County
Court yesterday a * report was received
that the Queen was dead and the Judge
in tears and great emotion referred to the
sorrowful tidings which later he wag able
to deny.
STEAD SCENTS
TROUBLE AHEAD
Predicts a Revival of Republican
Agitation When Edward Ascends
the Throne of England. "
.- 9 .
NEW YORK, Jan. 21. — W. T, Stead
cables tn the Journal f-orn London as fol
lows: The shock of the news of the end of
the Victorian era came too recently for
much discussion of political prospects un
der the new reign: One thing is certain,
the British empire will be much less of a
It Is obvious that her successor, even
were he a much better man than he Is,
could not possibly fill that position. He
was jealously Guarded by his mother from
all positions of responsibility and he has
not had an opportunityi even if possessed
of capacity, of learning; his business.
Hence, although he is a man of CO, he' Is
to some extent a political tyro. .While he
Inherits the undiminlshed formal ' author
ity of, a sovereign, he has none of the
subtle but potent influence which made
the Quean mistress of. the empire. *
. On "the other hand, -the disappearance "of
the Queen has led already to- mutterlngs
of a revival of republican agitation. This
a_t s -present for nothing. ' It is thirty.
X^ars 'since there was. even" a nominal re-'
publican party In this country. It was
snuffed outs.by the outburst of sympathy
occasioned by the Illness of ; the Prince" of
Wales. Since that time there has been
practically no \ t republican agitation in
any. part of the'empire. The colonies are
republican already, but at home the trend
of events has- been In the .direction of Im
perialism.
But in the troublous times which are
awaiting .us we may count with, certainty
upon the revival of a republican propa
ganda, which will become serious only
when financial and military I disasters
thicken around, the throne. Abroad the
disappearance of the Queen will add per
ceptibly to the 'feeling of political unrest
ft is not that any one distrusts the Prince.
He simply does not count. If not a polit
ical cipher, he is at* least an absolutely
unknown quantity../ • V;K>
monarchy than It has been for the last
thlrjy years. The influence of the Queen
was immense, and wherever her Cabinet
divided it was almost supreme. : The
sovereign Queen, although somewhat
limited in the range of her ideas, held
with the utmost tenacity to the principles
upon which she be'ieved the emplrs
should be governed. She was also per
sonally known to almost even' reigning
sovereign, and with some of tho most im
portant ehe lone had been in dose ¦ per
sonal correspondence. Hence she became
permanent Prime Minister of the em
pire. . .
The political effect of the assumption
by the Queen of the title of Kalsaf-1-Hind,
or Empress of India, and the assertion of
her supremacy has been very marked as
far as regards the native rulers and peo
ple of India t>roper, but has made but
little difference with the rulers ofthe.bor-:
dor and bill tribes, by whom the -suprem
acy is not so fully recognized. , . '
1 brought to a close by the transfer of Its
entire authority and administration to the
crown. . ;
The act for the better government of
India by which the authority of the crown
was established was passed In 1S5S, re
ceiving: the royal sanction August 2, of
that year, nnd under date of November 1
a proclamation made to the princes, chiefs
and people of India announced the reso
lution of her Majesty to assume the gov
ernment of tho territories in India "here
tofore- administered In trust by the hon
orable East India Company." Lord Can
nine, who held the. position of Governor
General, remained as Viceroy until 1SG2,
when he was succeeded by Lord Elgin.
He was followed in turn by Sir John
L«wren<?e (1864-69) .' lx>rd " Mayo US69-72)<
Lord Northbrook (1S72-76). Lord t-ytton
(1S76-SO).\ Ttie assumption of the title of
Empress of India by the Queen on January
1, 1877, made put little change In tho prac
tical administration of the Government.
Lytton was succeeded by the Marquis
of Ripon (1SS0-84), the Marquis of Duf
fer!n-(18S4-S8). prominent as the president
of the London and Globe Financial Com
pany, which bo disastrously failed lately;
Lord Lansdown© (18S8-93), laie^ Secretary
of State for War and now for.^Foreign
Affairs; Earl of Elgrln and Kincardine
(1S93-9S), and lastly by the Kight Hon.
Lord Curzon of Kedleston, who tookofflce
January 1. 1£99. *¦•"; - - .
Continued From First Page.
EMPEROR VISITS THE QUEEN
OL'EEN VICTORIA was pro
claimed Empress of India on
January 1. 1S77. It Is said
that this step was taken not
only for political reasons
connected with the adminis
tration of the Government of
that country but also to set
tie certain annoying and disagreeable
questions of precedence that had arisen
at thp court •with the coming to England
of Princess Manfe Alexandrovna, the
daughter of the Czar Nicholas II, as the
wife of the Queen's second son. Prince Al
fred. Duke of Kdinburgrh.
Their marriage took place In St. Peters
burg on January 23. 1874. and soon after
tha arrival of the royal couple in Eng
land the Princess Marie gave evidence of
a disposition to claim precedence, as the
daughter of an Emperor, over the Prince
of Wales, her husband's eldest brother,
¦who ¦was bat the son of a Queen, and, it
is said, even over the Queen herself.
However th!s may be. the whole ques
tion was fettled emphatically when Queen
Victoria was proclaimed Empress of In
dia. This was done under an act of Par
liament called the royal titles act. passed
in 1S76, and on January 1 following, at a
durbar held in Delhi, India, the act was
proclaimed before a vast assemblage
of Governors, Lieutenant Governors,
heads of Government, native rulers, chiefs
and nobles, such as had not been gathered
tog-ether before in modern times.
Queen Victoria had long been regarded
by a great part of the inhabitants of In
dia as a descendant of the great Mogul,
and therefore unl\-ersal suzerain by right
of succession. * The great mutiny of 1Po7
had proved the deathblow to the East In
dia Company, whose glorious annals were
Question of Court Precedence Precipitated by
a Member of the Royal Famiy of Rus
sia One of Reasons for Added Title
QUEEN'S CORONATION
AS INDIA'S EMPRESS
VICTORIA'S ESCAPES
FROM ASSASSINATION
Seven Times Attacks Are Made Upoii the
.Queers Life and With One Exception
Assailants Are Mentally Deranged
term expires March 4 next, is the choice
of the California delegation for United
States District Attorney, to succeed Frank
I* Coombs. Representative-elect. First
District. It i3 said that Marshall B.
Woodworth, who is an applicant for the
attorneyshlp, will be retained la hla posi
tion as assistant attorney in the event of
Barhaxn's appointment.
California Delegation Will Becom
mend Him to Succeed Coombs
as District Attorney.
WASHINGTON*. D. C, Jan. ZL— It is no
longer a secret that Representative J. A.
Barham, First California District, whose
BA RHAM AN ASPIRANT
FOR FEDERAL OFFICE
The Novosti says; "England Is discon
tented with the situation and the dissat
isfaction will possibly be expressed more
plainly If Queen Victoria dies. Her suc
cessor will probably entertain different
views on many questions. He Is credited
with strong French sympathies. Tha
power of an English sovereign is greater
than commonly stated, therefore tha
change may produce a revolution In inter
national policies."
"With her will depart Britannia's good
genius."
ST. PETERSBURG, Jant** 21.— In tha "
comment of all circles not influential on
Queen Victoria's Illness the personal
note dominates the political. The Czar'3
subjects freely admit that her Majesty
has been one of the principal bulwarks
of peace. The Rossla and the Novostl
alone touch the political chord. The Ros
sla says: r ;*¦-:
"England's prestige is largely due to
the Queen. To spare Queen Victoria
much has been forgiven her Ministers.
Russian Editors Believe the Queen'*
Death "Will Mean a Change
in Great Britain's
Policy.
SEE DANGER IN
ALBION'S PATH
ther trace of him could be found. A few
days afterward, however, the same man
fired again at her Majesty and was
promptly arrested. H« proved to be a
half-witted young man named Francis.
A month later a man named Bean took
aim with hla pistol at the Queen, but th*
weapon missed fire.
These successive attempts on her llf«
much affected the young sovereign, all
the more that they were entirely unpro
voked, and aroused great excitement and
indignation among her subjects.
In 1SJ3 an Irish bricklayer named Ham
ilton fired a shot at the Queen, but the
pistol was loaded with powder only. Ha
either only wished to frighten her or for
got to put in the ball.
In 1S50 Robert Pate, an ex-lieutenant of
hussars, for some fancied grievance
against her attacked the Queen with a
cane, but was seized before he had time
to strike a second blow and was nearly
torn to pieces by the crowd.
In 1872 a boy thrust a petition for the re
lief of some Fenian prisoners before tha
Queen with one hand while with the oth«*r
he presented a pistol. He was seized ana
disarmed before he could flre.
On March 22. 18S2. another demented
man. one Roderick McClean, fired a shot
at the Queen as she was passing from
the train to her carriage at the Windsor
station. The shot very narrowly mlased;
her. McClaln was seized and tried for
high treason, as were all the others, but
It only required a short time In the court
room to demonstrate his hopeless insan
ity.
After that incident, however, more pre
caution has been taken to forestall any
attempt on the part of cranks or crim
inals to hurt or frighten her Majesty.
¦'y . ¦> EVEN times during her reign
"¦L "--^ Queen Victoria has .been made
WStafc^ ' the object of personal attacks
or attempts to. either do her
•j^ . bodily injury^" or kill her out-
rights These had ; little or no
• ' ;•. ¦ "* .political, significance -ana were
¦ : _ln every dase but one the work
of persons, more or less mentally deranged.
It was perhaps- because no precautions
were thought necessary to protect the life
of a constitutional sovereign so generally
belove"d by her people and whom no one
could * have i had any motive In "wishing
dead that Victoria was set upon so many
times by crack-brained desperadoes.
The first attempt on her life was made
on June 10. 1840, when" a youth. named Ox
ford fired two pistol shots at the young
Queen. as her husband was driving her
down. Constitution Hill In a phaeton. The
first shot 'was fired at a distance of three
paces.; Prince Albert turned and saw the
would-be assassin as he pointed a .second
pistol, arid warned -the Queen to dodge,
j whtch she did,* "and escaped unhurt. Ox
ford was tried 'for lirgh treason and ac
quitted *on^ the ground of insanity. He
afterward, declared, when two other at
tempts had been made on her life, that If
he had been hanged there would be no
more- shooting at the Queen.
' On May 20, 1842, as the. royal couple were
driving near, the palace a man stepped out
of the crowd and fired at the Queen at a
distance of not more than six feet, bui
missed. Her consort heard the shot, bui
no one else speaking of it concluded that
he must have been mistaken. Later in the
day, however, a small boy told his parents
of having seen a man shoot at the Queen,
and the police were notified, but no fur-
ATTACKS SOUTH
AFRICAN POLICY
Pro-Boer Newspaper in Brussels
Makes the Queen's Illness the
Occasion for a Political
. . Onslaught.
LONDON, Jan. 21.— The dispatches re
ceived here from nearly every capital in
Europe, from India, Australia, Jamaica
and all the British colonies, show the
press and people are sympathetic in their
comment on the Queen's illness. The one
exception seems to be Belgium. A ma-
Jority-of the Brussels comment la In good
taste: but one pro-Boer paper there takes
the occasion to make a political attack
on Great Britain's South African policy.
A^ dispatch from Pretoria says the
.Queen's illness has caused a profound sen
sation there. Special prayers were of
fered In all the churches of the garrison
towns, yesterday evening.
" Many* functions in Great Britain and on
the Gonxjnent ••have been N abandwied k QW
lngf to the Queen's condition. Emperor
Francis Joseph has countermanded 'the
court ball at -Vienna, fixed for this even
ing. The engagements of- Cabinet Minis
ters and other notable persons to appear
at public dinners, at charitable fairs or
at the dedications of new public buildings,
etc., are being canceled, and it seema
likely that all functions of this Bort will
be postponed throughout the United King
dom. .Many private dinners have been de
ferred.
While expressions of sympathy and love
are 'pouririg'in from every" quarter of both
hemispheres, none are so appreciated as
those from the 'United States. The Globe
voices the general sentiment, saying:
"From all lands hopes come of the re
covery and eulogies passed on the char
acter of Queen Victoria. In America, al
most without exception, it is under the
simple title of 'the Queen' that the Illus
trious patient is referred to and deep af
fection implied. The term can hardly be
overestimated." - . f.
TRIUMPHS AND PERILS OF BRIT AIN'S SOVEREIGN
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALIi TUESDAYy U JANUARY 22, 1901.'
PAVILION IN WHICH THE QUEBN IS DYING.
... ¦ . ¦
sjie gave v up the idea of the trip. How
ever, Prince and Princess Henry of Prus
sia, Prince and ' Princess Frederick
Charles and the hereditary Princes of
Saxe-Melningen, who arrived ; at Cron
bersr yesterday, .will remain with Empress
Frederick for a time." j
The following -'statement as to* the \qon
dltion '¦ of Dowager 'Empress . Frederick
appears In the Dally Chronicle:
"; "It"'fs, -wlth"*sincerej regret that "we j an
nounce that the , Empress .Frederick's ccirf
ditloh ;h^.9. become, materially; worse.
There has been a serious development of
the disease from which she Is suffering
and her physical pain Is Intense.
; .BERLIN; _ Jan. 21.— The Nord Deutsche
Allgfemeine Zeitung makes the following
announcement; ;>?,'. : .,.' ' .
"Dowager Empress Frederick because
seriously 111 is, to her \ very /great sor
row, prevented from ¦ going to Osborne to
meet her exalted*) mother. ; The effect' of
the sad news regarding Queen' -Victoria
upon her eldest' qaughter has been- verjr
'^unfavorable. Erfcpress ; Augusta .Victoria,
upon learning of this, had intended to go
to Cronberg in order to inquire personally
as to the condition of the Kaiser's moth
er," but later news from Cronberg w\s
somewhat reasfeurlng and for the moment
News From the Bedside of the Royal Invalid at Osbbrne Has a
Sad Effect Upon the Dowager Empress Frederick*
-"All Idea of any Journey. in. pursuit, cf
health has been definitely abandoned and
if is In the highest degree improbable that
she will ever leave Cronberg." . .
This is somewhat at variance with re
ports from Berlin to the .other, morning
papers, which report that the condition of
'the Empress Dowager is a trifle more fa
yorable; but the- news that Queen Victoria
Is dying has a very serious effect upon
her oldest daughter. -The Dowagi* Em
press was very anxious to go to Oaborae
and did • not abandon ; th» hope of g'ojng
until . it was -represented to her that' it
would be utterly Impossible for her to
undertake the Journey.
MOTHER OF EMPEROR
WILLIAM SERIOUSLY ILL
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day
"*ce laxative Brorno Quinine Tablets. All'
uU'izeiela refund the money If It fail* to cure/
if. \\\ Grove's slcntlure Us oa «acn box. 2ic. •
-'i { To Cure tli« Qiip*' int Two Days "". " ' .
. Laxative I Bromo-Quloine ? removes the cause.*
SPFHAI
ANNOUNCE N
ME NT
We offer ONE THOUSAND PIECES of
FURNITURE, including handsome
DIVANS, . ~ f BOOKCASES,
¦>.V ; CHAIRS, V ' SHAVING STANDS, *
• ' ROCKERS, CHINA CLOSETS,
: TABLES, WARDROBES,
..: DESKS, CHAMBER SETS,
SECRETARY BOOKCASES, BRASS BEDS,
. And many desirable goods suitable for Library, Dining Room,
>: : . Hall'and Bedroom Furnlshinzs. made bv the best manufacturers
.': '.;¦'¦ y In the country, at REDUCTIONS of 25 p;r cent to 50 per cent
¦: ¦' from regular prices.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT.
. A. FEW EXAMPLES:
. « ; Furniture Coverings reduced from 90c to 65c per yard.
' Furniture Coverings reduced from $1.75 to $1.20 per yard.
Furniture Coverings reduced from $?.co to $2.OO per yard-
An/immense line of Corduroys, Velours, Armures, Tapes-
•' .s: tries, etCM at values that will be appreciated.
We particalarty draw your attention to the REDUCED
PRICES thfoughout-our lints of LACE CURTAINS.
. .BIG ASSORTMENT OF MADE-UP CARPET RUGS at
;;v'*:- .; -ONE-HALF regular cost.
Bring dlmens'ons of room so as to sslect a rug of suitable size.
Sea our show window for display of special values.
Largest Stock on the'Coast to select from.
Wi & J. oloane a i>o.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery,
114, 116, 118, 120, 122 POST STREET.
' ~ ¦ *-v ¦ "¦ ' ' " ' ' ' ' ¦ ¦¦*"-."¦ '
Russian gold mines average an -annual
yield of 86,663 pounds.view In the meaning * accepted in the
Church of England.
passengers from Sausailto on the arrival
of the 4 p. m. ferry-boat from San Fran
cisco when nearine the tunnel at A! to
was run into by & si>ecial freight train.
Fortunately the engine driver of the pas
senger had reversed his engine and nearly
brought his train to 3 stand. The two
engines w#re slightly damaged.
A gang of men with wrecking apparatus
at once commenced clearing the track.
Warren was the engineer of the passen
ger and Brown conductor. Stafford had
the throttle of the freight and Decello
was conductor. The cause of the collision
is attributed to a dl2*^ence in the time
of watches, the engine of the freight try
ing to make the siding at Alto.
Disaster Is Narrowly Averted en
North Pacific Coast Railroad
Near Alto.
SXS RAFAEL. Jan. ZL— A serious acci
dent was narrowly averted this afternoon
on the track of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad. The train which carries tha
STOCKTON, Jan. 21.— The light rain of
yesterday afternoon was followed by a
heavy fall during the night and showers
to-da.y. There is every Indication that a
heavy precipitation is coming. The recent
extremely cold weather haa ker>t baci*
fruit trees, preventing their blossomlc^
too early, thus insuring a heavy fruit crop
this season. It has also been beneficial
to grain, as has also the damp, toexv
weather, which has resulted in keeping
the molnnre in the ground. At this time
the Indications for immense grain and
fruit crops in this county the coming sea
son are very bright.
SA2S DD2GO. Jan. 2L— The rainfall for
the storm aggregates .73 of an inch. It U
partly cloudy to-night.
9
PASSE2TGEB A2TD FBEXGHT
TRAINS CO SEE TOGETHZS
WEAVERVILLE, Jan. 2L-The snow
storm which has been rasing In Trinity
County for several days has ceased, and
to-day rain is falling. The thermometer
registers 20 degrees. During the snow
storm S3 Inches of snow fell and to-day.
in spite of the rain. It Is two and a half
feet deep on the level. The roads are still
blockaded and the only communication
with the outside world 13 by horseback.
The first mail in fourteen days waa re
ceived here last Friday. Provisions are
plentiful and there has been no hardship.
It Is expected that the wagon read to
Redding will be open in about two weelL*
if no more snow falls.
SAN JOSE. Jan. tL— Heavy rain fell
during the night, followed by lighter
showers at intervals to-day. Indications
point to a continuation of the storm.
Though the rainfall has been Quite- heavy,
orchardisrs state that it is all needed ar.4
that there is no danger of damage by an
excessive precipitation.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2L— A gentle rain
continued at intervals throughout last
night, making the total precipitation for
the storm .27 of an inch and for the
•eason 123 inches, against 4.53 tnches for
the corresponding time last season.
Particularly Benefited.
Southern Portions of the State Are
EATNFALL IS GENERAL.
BRUSSELS. Jan. 21.— According to tas
Petit Bleu bubonic plague Is raglns
among the British troops in Cape Colony,
and many deaths that are attributed to
enteric fever and dysentery are due to the
plague.
Brussels Paper Declares Disease Ex
ists Among British Troops. •
LONTON. Jan. 22.— The r>aily Telegraph
publishes the following from Bennett
Burlelffh, Its special correspondent:
CAPE TOWN*. Monday. Jan. ZL— Mr.
Merriman, leader of the Bund, sailed on
Thursday on the Tantallon Castle for
England. It U said that he sees Instruct
ed by an absolute majority cf the Bun.i
members to advise Messrs. Fischer ami
Kruger to accept terms other than Inde
pendence. He recognizes that the repub
lics are ended and ihat 'British rule is a
fixity, and he and his friends wish to
avoid a period of crown government, pro
posing as an alternative the confederation
of South Africa.
SATS PRAGUE IS RAGTAG.
Sp«cUI Cable to The Can and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrlj?!jt. 1301. by tia Herald Fab
llahlor Cjtcrany.
— r»—
Sends a Commissioner to
Urge Kruger to Make
lullilo.
Majority of AfriKan
der Bund Wants
Peace.
BURGHERS
WOULD END
THE STRIFE
GUARDSMAN IS ACCTTSED.
Colonel Zimmerman of Ohio May Be
Court-Martialed.
COLUMBUS. O., Jan. 2L— Charges have
been filed with Governor Xash against
Colonel C X. Zimmerman of the Fifth
Regiment, O. N. O., by Major Dodge, and
it is expected that a court-martial will b«
tbe result. The charges Include false en
tries on tbe muster rolls and falling to
account for public funds. No action will
be taken until Governor Nash returns
from Washington. : i~
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo., Jan. ZL— The
Supreme Court. In bank, to-day sustained
a' motion to Quash the alternative writ
of ouster in the St. Louia Consolidated
Railway Company case instituted by the
Attorney General on the ground of Illegal
combination In violation of the anti-trust
laws. This •: disposes of the case and
makes the recently enacted law. allowing
the consolidation of street car companies,
le«aL
Missouri Supreme Court in
Bank.
Effect of a Decision Rendered by the
STREET ROAD COHTPAUXES
MAY LEGALLY. COMBINE
SAL.EM. Or., Jan. 2L— The Republican
Senatorial caucus held at the Capitol this
evening was attended by thirty-eight
members of the Legislature. One member
sent a letter of regret and expressed his
Intention to be governed by the action of
the caucus. The only action taken was
the adoption of a resolution setting forth
that this was a caucus of a majority of
the Republican members; that it is the
duty of the Republicans to meet In cau
cus and settle their differences among
themselves, and inviting the minority of
the Republican members to come in and
participate with the majority at a caucus
to be held next Wednesday evening.
Nothing was done to indicate the position
of the caucus choice for Senator.
The anti-caucus Republicans h^ld a
meeting this evening in th«» office of Presi
dent Fulton of the Senate. There were
eighteen members present. The proceed
ings are twing kept secret.
The Democrats. Populists, etc.. held a
caucus also and decided to cast their par
ty vote to-morrow for William- Smith of
Baker Clty» for Senator.
It Is Quite evident that the Senatorial
ballot to-morrow will result In no elec
tion, v It appears that the Republican sun
port will be divided among Corbett. Mc-
Bride and Hermann. Both houses of the
Legislature have been working hard all
the afternoon, a large number of bills
having been introduced. The Indian war
veterans' bill was amended. »o as to make
the £000 appropriation available ; Imme
diately, and was passed by both houses.
The Senate " adopted . a joint resolution
urging Congress to pass the Oront bin.
Anti-Caucns Faction Holds a Sleet
ing, but Keeps Proceedings
Secret.
DIVISION AMONG THE
OREGON REPUBLICANS
PZTZGLETJM DEPOSITS
FOUITD IN WASHT2TGTO23-
Land Purchased en the Site and a
Ccnpany Formed to Develop
the Property.
SEATTLE. Jan. n.— During the post
north tht f.nding cf both gas and oil has
been repcrted from Eastern Washington,
near Rc«alia, and now from BootZnrest-
Er^ "^"ayhington comes the announcement
't tbe discovery of what experienced oil
; r ; ecton say are large and valuable
a«*p<-'s::t£ of petroleum.
Oil has been discovered oozing from the
earth en the ocean beach at Copalis Point
cm the ocean beach, sixteen miles north
01 th* town cf Dawccn. at the entrance
tr. Grays Harbor. Citizens cf that place
ana cf tbSa city have already purchased
****** ac ' <>s r^ lar.d at the point of cis
'•.;""; "SS** wlth options on S00 more
In .he .mmeilate vicinity and will proceed
r-'ne-aL V rr> ~v* cl thoroughly for the
t 3f: s -_ Cha -S'~ a n r 'f this citv, who. with
"The existence cf oil r.t Copalia Pni-t
has been suspected for many v-a-s 3»e
than twenty years also Stephen * GrovVr"
tne original owner of the land on K
the ell has Jsst been discovered, noticed
the peculiar cineil of the mud and iv.»
queer taste It Imparted to the wate- t.'r
a nearby spring. The smell was so et-Wz
at times as to be offensive to Mamhr
and spring water In the dry season would
ecir.etlmes become undrlnkable
"I aa Informed by experts that there Is
rood reason to believe that Copalis Po'nt
•s in the oil belt of the Padf.c Ccastf The
reclcgical fcraatlcn la red sandstone
such as is found in ion« parta of Penn
sylvania and Ohio, and what appears to
bt bituminous ehale a=d a peculiar blu#
rrrid. also found ta the ofl regions, abound
G3.AITT PirriTlOU" FOB A
NEW SCHOOL DISTRICT
Contest Before the Board of Super
risen In San Jose Is Finally
Ended.
SAX JOSE. Jan. 21.-Th# fight over the
eivisicn of Hester School District which
haa broken out at intervals for a number
cf years, culminated to-day by the Board
of Suserrisors granting a petition for a
dl vlsicn.
Hester Cistiict adjoins the city on the
west. It baa nearly 1000 school children in
Its territory and two large school house*
There har« been two political factions In
the district, and they have been flghtin?
for and against division. eaung
There was an outpouring of r«id en » s -?
the Supervisors' meeting to-day to n-o
test against division. The heads of
eighteen fainniea had signed the petlMon
fcr division, while 2C0 had signed a p-o
test against it- Both eides were repre
sented by attorney*. The board granted
the petition.
The ne-w district, which will hive over
400 children, will be known as Sunol. it
will comprise all that part of the district
south cf the iUaixieda. It Is said the new
district will seek admission to tha city,
co as to enjoy the h:gh school privilege.
Residents of West Side have petitioned
the Board of Supervisors to incorporate
them Is a new township to be known as
Cupertino. It is proposed to take parts
from Santa Clara, Fremont and Saratoga
townships.
Jim Sentenced.
SA^rTA ROSA, Jan. 2L— George Jim.
the risk's Mm Indian found guilty a few
days ago of aeaault with a deadly weapon
upon the person of Louis Johnson, wu
sentenced tnlt rnorrlng by Judge Burnett
to cr.e year and a. half la the prison at
In the empty wine glasses there was 'th«
smell of a drug, but Just what it wai
could not be determined.
XEW TORK, Jan. 2L— In the death of
the young woman fourid dead in a room
in Trabold's Hotelat One Hundred and
Twenty-second street and Amsterdam ave
nue on Sunday night the police express
the opinion they hava a murder case sim
ilar In some respects to that of Jennie
Bosschleter, the Pateracn factory girl.
At present, however, there is no
proof of murder against the girl's
lover. The Coroner's physician made
an autopsy on the girl's body to
night and while unwilling after
ward to state positively the cause of
death until an analysis of the contents of
the stomach was made., he was inclined
to believe she died of chloral poisoning.
The police theory <s» that the drug was
administered to her by the man for im
moral purposes, and frightened by the re
sult he took what was left of the poison
himself, meaning to commit suicide.
There Is nothing, however, to show It
was not a case of a double attempt at sui
cide which only the man has survived.
The girl has been identified, and the
name of the man found in the room
with her body, mumbling and cry
ing like a lunatic Is known. She
was Margaret Travis, 19 years old,
an employe of St. Luke's Protest
ant Episcopal Home at One Hun
dred and Fourteenth street and Broad
way, and the man with whom she wen*
to the hotel was Clarence X. Davis, an
ironworker, who has followed his trade
in a number of cities in this State since
he arrived here about three years ago.
On Saturday night the couple started
out for a walk, saying to a sister of Miss
Travis' that they would be back in a
half-hour. It was 11 o'clock when the
couple appeared at Trabold's HoteL Tra
bold, the proprietor, who was in the of
fice when the couple came in, said they
did not seem to have been drinking. Davis
registered a> "A. L. Smith and wife,
Troy. N. T." The room they were shown
to was a small one, with scarcely more
than enough room for a double bed in it.
After they got to the room they called
for a waiter and ordered two glasses of
sherry.
Toward midnight on Sunday Ttabold
made up his mind something was wrong
as the couple had been without anything
to eat all day, and he called in Policeman
Fox. The door was forced open. The
men found the Travis girl lying on the
bed. She was fully dressed, save for her
hat- Davis was crouching on the floor
behind- the door, holding the girl's hat
In one hand, staring wildly at the body
on the bed and mumbling like a crazy
man. All efforts to get any explanation
of her death from him were futile.
The policeman called an ambulance
The surgeon declared the girl had been
dead for several hours. Davis, he said
was In a bad way, and evidently had
taken some drug. The girl might have
been drugged or she mig-ht have died of
heart disease. Her body was sent to the
police station. Davis, raving like a mad
man, was taken to the J. Hood Wright
Hospital. :Jil>IMWIUt8>
Special Dispatch to Tie Call
Tragedy That May Rival
the Jennie Bosschietor
Affair.
MYSTERY VEILS
A GIRL'S DEATH
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 21.— Twenty-two
Japanese, one a woman, were put ashore
here to-day by the United States revenue
cutter Grant, which arrived from New
Whatcom. where two other Japanese,
owners of a Steveston sloop, who are ac
cused of taking the others on the Eraser
to Waldron Island in violation cf the
Unl-ed States contract labor laws, are im
prisoned. The sloop was seized. The
Japanese were captured by cutter at
a so-called logging camp on Waldron Isl
and, and, having been taken there from
a British Columbia port, were brought
baclt to the country whence they came^
Two other Japanese who were left at New
Whatcom are witnesses against the two
padrone* who are Imprisoned there.
The Grant has been making a cru^e
among the United States islands of the
eulf to investigate the alleged smuggling
of Japanese, andua result a sloop was
SE^^ve%So R n?^d^7wn^y
S5f bSSSht"wmty-slx Japanese, includ
ln« Se one woman, from, the Fraser
Rivertown to Waldron Island, one of the
U&ted Btates Islands on the gulf, where
they had established a logging camp and
were cutting wood for the Roche Harbor
TTmk Company- Acting on this Informa
tion CaptaiS Tozier seized the British
eloob and took the two Japanese pris
oners When seized the sloop was laden
with supplies for the colony of Japanese
left on Waldron Island.
Taklmr the two prisoners and the sloop
along the cutter proceeded to the island
and [arrested twenty-three Japanese there
on Wednesday last, and two days later
thev secured another one. The Grant
took the prisoners to Whatcom. where
they were landed and given In charge for
violation of the United States contract la
bor laws The seized sloop was left there
and the cutter then steamed to Victoria
with the remaining Japanese, who were
landed here, save the two Vho were held
to give evidence against the two prisoners
Ttho are accused of having taken them
from Steveston across to the island:
It Is alleged that this smuggling of
Japanese is going on continuously. Small
vessels skiffs.' sloops and such craft are.
It is said, going from the Fraser and else
where to Waldron, Lopez, Whltby and
other Islands of the gulf in United* States
territory, with full cargoes of Japanese.
£p«cial IMspatch to The Call.
japanese " Padronts " Are
Held for Trial in
Washington.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 21.— Henry
Pelham Archibald Pelham-Clin
ton, seventh Duke of Newcastle,
at present In Florida on a fishing
excursion with his half-brother,
Lord Francis Hope, hopes before he
leaves" this country so to shape matters as
to make a better understanding between
the high churchmen of Great Britain and
the UDlted States. As a first means to
this end he will launch an American edi
tion of the Church Review, the powerful
high church Journal, of which he Is presi
dent. While In Philadelphia the Duke was
the guest of the Rev. Dr. Mortimer, rector
of St. Mark's Protestant Episcopal
Church, leader of the high church party
In this country, /^x^
As an Englishman, the Duke speaks cf
high churchmen as Catholics. He was
asked whether he did not think that the
word "Catholic" in this sense might be
misunderstood, or at least be a cause of
confusion in America. He thought not.
The word is used throughout his inter-
CONTRACT LABOR
LAW VIOLATED
Tb© Chamber, by a vote of 2S8 to 22$,
directed that the Premler'B speech be
»ost*4. throughout th« country.
M. Waldeck-Roussean replied that the
bill would be a test point aa to wbetner
civil power or religious authority wa* to
have supremacy. The Government, he
added, asked the Chamber to continue the
confidence accorded it during the past
eighteen months by voting this portion of
its programme. If they (the Ministers)
had not thought the House would do so,
they would no longer assume responsi
bility for the task they had accepted.
The Premier denied that the church In
any way was threatened, declaring that
the Government simply desired by the bill
to assure peace and the regular develop
ment of the institutions of the country.
"It it b« true, aa the opponent* of the
bill assert." said M. Waldeek-Rousseau;
"that the congregations are indispensable
to the develooment of the church, why
did not the concordat re-establish them?
On the contrary. It does not speak of
them, but only of the secular clergy. Not
a single corjjrejration exists to aid the
priests of poor parishes, whereas a num
ber of the latter ar» under the tyranny
of the irregular priesthood. The congre
gations have not onlv drained the money
of the country, but they have drained it«
conscience, and the parish priests now
only receive the confessions of common
people. The Catholic clergy have noth
ing to fear from thi* bilL The only per
sons it will hurt are Ihe irregular clergy."
M. Waldeck-Bcusseau showed that con
gregations in all times and countries, had
been oblijed to submit to rigorous au
thority. He said that it was necessary for
the civil power to take back from the
cor.grr rations the privilege of teaching
the children, because the congregations
had ever b*en eeeklns from the com
ner.cement of the century to bring about
a counter revolution.
"Never have they been more dangerous
than they are now," he exclaimed. "They
are tryinr to gain control of universal
suffrage, and to that end they are cre
ating a. new electoral congregation: but
we are tired of this slavery and demand
emancipation. We have to choose be
tween the corjrreratiors , and fidelity to
the republic, we neard much talk about
an 'open republic' I ask nothing* better,
but it must be open fi»r the people to ea
ter and to letre."
Count de Mun reproached M. Waldeck-
Rousseau for having declared that the
milliard of property in France belonging
to the religious congregations was an eco
nomic peril, and declared the statement
haji been made la order to revive the an
cient dread of monastic wealth and serf
dom, which had long since disappeared.
Moreover, be said, this sum was grossly
exaggerated In order to create a greater
impression. He warned the Government
that its policy was imprudent and ill ad
vised. M. 'Valdeck-Rousseau, the Count
added, might not Intend to carry out his
designs to the end of his anti-clerical pas
sion. Possibly he only intended to ap
pease his collectivist friends, but the lat
ter might eventually set him aside and
carry out the work themselves.
Count de Mun concludrd with declaring
the object of the Government rras to take
teaching oat of the hands of the congre
gations.
"You have be^un a religious war." he
said, turning to the Government benches,
"and this will weigh heavily on you. As
to us, we shall continue to combat you
and hoD« to find in this chamber a suf
ficient number of friends and lovers of
liberty to aid us."
The Rightists and Centrists gave Count
de Mun a great ovation on the conclusion
of his remarks.
PARIS. Jan. 21.— The Chamber of Depu
ties to-day resumed the debate on the law
of associations. There was a brilliant as
sembly, in view of the fact that it had
been announced that Count Albert de
Mun, Conservative, and M. Waldeck-
P.obFseau, the Premier, two of the finest
orators of the Chamber, would speak.
Premier Rousseau Makes No
table Speech in Chamber
of Deputies.
In that letter Mr. Chandler stated that
a committee, of which those two gentle
men were member?, had been sent to
Louisiana by President Hayns to destroy
the Packard State government. This be
ing accomplished. Chandler said the Pres
ident undertook to "recognize" the mera-
WOULD RESTRICT
FRENCH CLERGY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2L— The
Senr.te In executive session to
day confirmed the nomination
of James S. Harlan to be At
torney General of Porto Rico.
The final vote was reached after a discus
sion of more than two hours' duration,
and when announced stood 42 to 21 In
favor of confirmation. All the Republi
cans cast their votes In the affirmative
and two or three Democrats voted with
them.
The session was characterized by a spir
ited colloquy betrreen Senators Chandler
and Hawley. in which bitter personal
language was used. The controversy be
tween them grew out of a letter written
by Senator Chandler In 1*77. and which
was? rpad by Senator Pettigrew. concern
ing the controversy over the Hayes and
Tilden election, in which reference was
made to the part taken by Senator Haw
ley and Justice Harlan (neither then oc
cupying: his present place) in the settle
ment of the Louisiana controversy of that
time.
• Senator Lodge gave notice that to-mor
row he would move an executive session
for the consideration of the Spanish
treaty.
bers of the committee, giving Mr. Harlan
the appointment of Associate Judge and
offering Mr. Hawley the place of director
of the Paris Exposition, which the latter
had declined. Chandler said, because of
the inadequacy of the salary.
When this point In the article was
reached Hawley interrupted In somewhat
excited manner to denounce the statement
as false, which he did in very emphatic
and plain language. Chandler replied in
like manner, saying that the article had
been prepared by him twenty-three years
ago, that it had never before been contra
dicted and that he did not repudiate it.
He added that the whole subject was an
cient history and announced his intention
to vote for Mr. Karlan's confirmation.
Senators Spooner. Mason and Lindsay
made brief speeches. Mason spoke of Mr.
Harlan's qualifications as a lawyer, and
paid that he did not think any the less of
Justice Harlan because of his attachment
for his family. Spooner said there ap
peared to be no opposition except that of
Senator Pett.'grew. Referring to Senator
Spoonpr's remarks. Pettigrew quoted ex
tracts from editorials in a number of
newspapers In reprobation of Harlan's
nomination. He said he had no purpose
to delay a vote, and when he concludes
the ballot was taken.
JAMES S. HABLAN, THE SON OF ASSOCIATE SUPREME JUSTICE
HARLAN. AND WHOSE NOMINATION AS ATTORNEY GENERAL
FOR PORTO RICO HAS BEEN CONFIRMED BY THE SENATE.
HUTCHINSON, Kans., Jan. a.— Mrs.
Carrie Nation, the Wichita saloon wreck
er, lecturing last night to an audience
that filled the largest church in Hutchin
son, said:
"You'll hear from me again before long
and it won't be from a lecture platform
either. God intends that I* keep up what
I have already begun in Wichita, and I'll
do it- .Wichita isn't the only town «n
Kansas that has rocks and brickbats."
This sentiment was applauded and Mrs.
Nation continued:
"I will gladly give up my life, if need
be. while destroying these awful places."
Mr. Nation, who accompanied his wife,
said he would immediately begin inlt
against Sedgwlck County for false impris
onment- He stated that while his wife
was in Jail the authorities offered to let
her go If she would agree not to sue for
damages. - ¦ ¦ . -
It Costs Her Life.
Will Continue to Wreck Saloons if
MBS. NATTO2TS THEEATS.
At 10 o'clock to-night Mrs. Wilhoit was
arrested at her home without making any
resistance and taken to the County Jail,
where sbe also was placed In a cell In the
steel rotary next to that of Mrs. Nation.
When Mrs. Wilhoit was ushered into the
steel cage. Mrs. Nation cried "Hallelu
jah!" and began to pray.
Half an hour later Mrs. Evans was ar
rested at her home, but owing to the con
dition of her wounded arm ehe was given
the Jailer's comfortable room. She was
quietly brought into the Jail to avoid
arousing the prayerful passions of Mrs.
Nation. Mrs. Muntz could not be Tound
when the officers called at her homw.
It Is said that a comDlalnt of insanity
will be lodged against Mrs. Nation In the
morning-, and that If that falls the men
holding insurance on the plate glass doors
and windows will prosecute her.
The constant stream of curious people
going through the wrecked saloon shovra
no abatement. Society is no exception,
and it is estimated that 1000 women have
seen the Inside of a saloon for the first
time Jn their lives..
Business men of the city are very much
aroused, and had Mrs. Nation been a man
this afternoon it is not too much to say
that the Coroner instead of the Sheriff
would have her in charge now. Notwith
standing her sex. a few hotheads talked
of ducking her in the river.
Mrs. Nation was assisted by Mrs. Juliaa
Evans, Mrs. Lucy Wllhoit and Mrs.
Lydia Muntz, all of the local W. C. T. L\
organization. With hatchets concealed
under their cloaks they entered the salooi
of James Burns on Douglass avenue and
did not leave a complete piece of glass or
a. working slot machine In the place. All
show cases, both for liquors and cigars,
as well as the plate-glass windows and
doors, were broken to pieces. With light
ning speed they ran to John Herrig's sa
loon and had everything in the front of
the* room. Including the plate-glass win
dows, broken when he appeared with a
revolver, placed it at Mrs. Nation's head
and said that he would blow out her
brains if she did not desist. She yielded
before the pointed revolver and with her
companions ran to the Carey Hotel, where
she made her initial attack on the Wich
ita saloons, three weeks ago. There three
policemen met her and she struck at De
tective Sutter with a poker. The officers
then overpowered Mrs. Nation and her
friends and took them to the City Prison.
Chief of Police Cubbon discharged* the
prisoners after they reached the Jail.
They, made him a promise not to wreck
any more saloons before noon to-morrow.
After leaving the city building Mrs. Na
tion began a street lecture to the immense
crowd that had surrounded the city
building, saying that she expected to be
gin saloon-wrecking again at noon to
morrow, when her truce with the Chief of
Police expires. Shaking her fist at the
crowd, she said:
"Men of Wichita, this is the right arm
of God and. is destined to wreck every
saloon in your city."
The women procured a wagon and rode
through the streets in it, singing "Nearer,
-xy God. to Thee" and kindred hymns
They halted in front of the saloons they
had smashed and held prayer meetings.
The damage done by the three wome \
is estimated at between 51000 and 12000.
The affair created great excitement and
it is estimated that 5000 persons, both men
and women, viewed the wreckage.
Mrs. Nation caused a new sensation to
right by slapping Sheriff Simmons on the
face, taking hold of his ears ar»d giving
him a rough handling generally. Mra. Na
tion was at the Union depot in the act of
buying a ticket to a neighboring town
when the Sheriff pulled at her eleeve.
saving: "You are my prisoner, madam."
Mrs. Nation turned her face about, and
seeing Sheriff Simmons gave hfm a violent
slap across the face. She followed this
up by taking hold of his ears with her
two hands and wringing them viciously.
The Union depot was full of women, who
began screaming, and tremendous excite
ment occurred as the Sheriff, who is a
very smallman. struggled with, his pow
erful antagonist. A policeman came to
his rescue, and with the aid of some by
standers they succeeded in picking up the
woman In their arms and placing her in
a cab, which was driven rapidly to the
County Jail. She Insisted on being placed
in the private room for women, but Sher
iff Simmons was in no humor to provide
her with luxuries, and put her in a cell
in the steel rotary, where she began to
pray and sing hymns.
"WICHITA. Kans.. Jan. 2L— Mrs. Carrie
Xation came back to Wichita to-day to
avenge her recent incarceration under a
smallpox quarantine and the net result
of ten minutes of her work this afternoon
are two wrecked saloons, the pieces of
which are being sold to-night for sou
venirs. \
Slaps the Face of a Sheriff
Who Places Her Under
Arrest.
Avenges Her Incar
ceration in the
Wicliita Jail.
MRS. NATION
WRECKS TWO
MORE SALOONS
rbc commander of the French cruiser
Eacnett, stationed at Carupano for ths
protection cf the large French interests in
that vicinity, reports that disturbances
are Increasing.
The insurgents cf Venezuela have Just
ga.ned a battle rear Guira.
MAY "WAS WITH UNCLE SASI.
Tiis Venezuelan Government Is in
Slost Truculent Slood.
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad. British
V»'es: Indies. Jar.. S. via Haytlan Cable.—
The arrivals to-day from, Venezuela con-
Brax the repcrt of the existence cf a criti
cal state cf affairs in that republic. A
former Venezuelan illnister asserts that
the politicians at Caracas are making a
determ-inec raid on the Bermudez
Asphalt Company. He adds that they
tried it before on a modest scale, squeez
ing $30,000 out of the company, when
United States Minister Loomis protested
and stepped further action of. this descrip
tion. The Government, tne Minister also
nid. listened to reason then, but has now
icst its head, through greed, and offers to
restore the company s property for a
million dollars, although ii is said to have
been illegalij- taken by a cictatorial de
cree.
In addition the assertion is again made
that [2 foreign Governments permit the
action cf the Venezuelan authorities to
e»ss without seme protest, all foreign In
vestors will be driven from South Amer
ica, for the litter claim, they are always
being illegally plundered. In this con
nection the assertion is made that no
fenner Venezuelan Government wouM
have dared to act as this one does toward
"Washington.
It is explained that the Venezuelan au
thorities are counting en the disinclina
tion of strong nations to coerce weaker
ones. At the orSce he»-- of the Orinoco
Company whose two steamers rrere re
cently seized by the Venezuelan authori
ties, the manager savs the British Min
ister at Caracas, Mr. Haggard, has In
formed the American Minister that the
British Government will not protect th'e
compar.v because its shareholders are
American. The company is said to be
losing heavily through the seizure of tha
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad. Jan. 2L—
Persons who arrived here to-day from
the isali::aad of Venezuela report that
tha Venezuelan gunboat Miranda has
buried the sloop liar la Teresa, owned by
a subject cf Great Britain. It Is said the
Government suspected that arcs for the
rebels were being imported from Trinidad
snd ordered that vessels trading with the
Island should be stopped. .The Marja
Teresa, which wis anchored at Guira, at
tempted to move to smoother wafrr, and
tse Miranda's men. without question or
explanation, are said to have taken pos
session of the s'.oop. thrown kerosene
over It and burned It to the water's edge.
The Vquire, Trinidad and Cocoa, coasting
vessels, are said to have been stopped.
The Miranda has relieved Carno. The
rebellion is spreading-.
The career of the New Tork and Ber
rn-adez Company in Berrn-Cez has gene to
Guanaco. The Orinoco Company intend?
to step its mail lenrtee because of the
seizure of the Delta by the rebels and low
¦water in the river.
Epedml Cm.t!« to Tb« Can «.n<l X«?w Tork H«r
tLJ. C~FTT-.gr.-.. 1X1, toy tie HermJ4 Pub-
I:*hi=s Corr.ya.sr.
Take Possession oi the Ves
sel Without Making
Any Explanation.
Gunboat Officers De
stroy the Maria
Teresa.
VENEZUELANS
SET FIRE TO
BRITISH SHIP
SENATE CONFIRMS
HARLAN'S NOMINATION
Bitter Personal Colloquy Occurs Be
tween Hawley and Chandler.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1901.
Vr>£
Wants Harmony Between High Chureh
Men in England and America.
DUKE OF NEWCASTLE
WOULD HAVE UNITY
THE DUCAL LEADER OF THE HIGH CHURCH PARTY IN ENGLAND
AND A PHILADELPHIA RECTOR. WHO IS ADDING HIS RELIGIOUS
AIMS IN THIS CODNTRT.
ENGLAND WTLL ACCEPT.
"Will Agree to the Amendments to
':'';; the Canal Treaty.
LONDON. Jan. 2L — The "Washington cor
respondent of the Daily Mall says he- un
derstands It la practically certain that
Great Britain will accept the amendments
of the United States Senate to the Hay-
Pauncefot© treaty.
A downtown trip of car 1004 of the 1I1&-
Bion-atreet electric line resulted In the>
death of an unknown man at 11:55 o'clock
last night. The car was In charge of
Conductor Dahlgren and Mctorman Har
old. When nearinjr the crossing- at Twen
ty-Ninth and Mission streets the car men
were startled by a scream, followed by
groans.
Stopping the car with all haste the two
men instituted a search and found a man
badly bruised lying between the fender
bars and the wheel trucks. How he got
there is a mystery, as neither of the car
men saw him until the car was stopped.
The injured man was taken to the City
and County Hospital, where he died a fevr
minutes after arrival. He evidently had
become intoxicated and fallen asleep on
the tracks. •
The conductor was charged with man
slaughter.
His Presence Under Wheels
Is Not Noticed Until
He Cries Out.
MAN IS KILLED
BY ELECTRIC CAR
"As a means to this end the Church Re
view, of which I am chairman. Is prepar
ing to start in this country— possibly In
this city — the publication of an American
%3!tlon, and It is of this that I win speak,
to the churchmen who will meet is the
clergy house. America, properly speaking,
has no large, powerful Catholic paper.
The Churchman and Church Standard
: may be said to represent the low church
and broad church spirit. The Uring
Church of Chicago, while it has a large
circulation, has very little In the East, and
the Catholic Champion and a few others
here In the East, while they represent the [
higher Catholicity, have very small circu
lations."
"It Is my very ardent desire," said the
visitor, "that closer feeling should ex»tt
between Catholics of the Church of Ens
land and those of similar belief In Amer
ica. The union would be helpful In both
England and America.
3
[FigpruneI
E Possesses a delicate flavor /llrcTi \
I and aroma not found f 1|
any other Cereal Coffee. I V^EREALH
Figprune is a smooth, \ coffee j\
palatable, nutritious bever- \
I age. A most wholesome |
| and agreeable substitute for coffee and tea. I
I .^^^^^^^W Free samples can be ob- |
I jr CT /fl, y tained of any grocer in the }
\w >«i ?a 1 Ask *° r one * fi
§g rruit 1 I
B j* f 0/' I Boil from 5 to tO minutes only. ¦
|V TU/o 7 ALL GROCERS SELL |
I Figprune Cereal. I
ADVERT I rtti fti rirc xs.CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 21.— Since there has been
so much talk about the failure of experts
to unravel the mysteries of jute accounts
at San Quentin taxpayers have begun to
¦wonder as to the whereabouts of Walter
F. X. Parker, expert of the State Board
of Examiners.
It is still fresh In the- minds of the tax
paying public of California that the Leg
islation not many years ago created the
office of expert, to the end that the State
Board of Examiners might be prompUy
an-i correctly advised as to the rinancial
m^^hods adopted by the various institu
tions of California.
The salary of the expert is $2000 per an
num, and \V. F. X. Parker, a Los Ange
las politician, has been drawing down
that amount in monthly installments for
Measure Introduced Giving Him Full
GREATER AUTHORITY
FOR TAX COLLECTOR
Authority to Issue and Be
voke Licenses.
CAIvL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 21.— At the instance of Tax
Collector Scott of San Francisco a bill
has been introduced Into the Assembly
which, should It become a law, will take
the power to crart and revoke licensej
out of the hands of the Police Commis
sioners and vest it m the Tax Collector.
He is made the sole arbiter of the fate
cf all business pursuits upon which mu
nicipal ordinances Inonose licenses.
The measure. Assembly bill 370, was
introduced to-day by Co^van of Sonoma,
who is a leader of the Democratic mi
nority and a legislator with an excellent
record. He states that he knows noth
ing of the merits of the bill, but consents
to introduce it and let it take its chance?.
]f good objections to it are disclosed he
pays he will be the first to oppose its paa
eage.
i'eputy Tax Collector L*vy is here pi
lotingr the bill over the first rapids of its
legislative course. The bi'l is entitled,
"An act to facilitate and increase the
collection of State and county and muni
cipal licenses in the peveral counties or
cities and counties of the State of Cali
fornia."
The Tax Collector, a chief deputy Tax
Collector and deputy Tax Collectors are
empowered to collect all State, county,
or city and county licenses, and to ex
famine all i»laces of business and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for.
They are givr-n the powers of police of-
Been in serving- process of summons and
maklr.c arrests: and to administer oaths
and affirmations, and they may enter a.
their pleasure places of business for
which licenses are required and demand
to sp« the licenses held by the proprietors.
Section 3 contains the milk of the co
coanut It Is as follows:
"The Tax Collector shall hav« sol<»
control of the granting and revoking of
ell licenses and i>ermits therefor, and he
is hereby empowered and authorized to
revoke any license provided to be collect
ed under the provisions of this act upon
the conviction in court of any person of
disorderly or improper conduct,- or any
offense upon the premises of any person
holding a license, or upon the conviction
of the person holding said license, of any
offense which In the Judjjment of the bslM
Tsjc Collector oug-ht to disqualify such
person from holding- a. license.**
BILLS INTRODUCED
I2C THE SEN ATS
Provide for Amendments and Addi
tions to the Penal and Politi
cal Code. .. -
EACBAMENTO. Jan. 21— In the Senate
the following bills have been introduced:
6. B. 2S6. Laikens— To amend section S49 of
the Penal Code, relating- to arrests.
S. B. 2S7, Davis — To repeal section S5S of the
Penal Code, relative to the publication of por
trait? and caricatures. <¦
S. B. JSS. Davis— To amend »ectlcn 172 of th«
Ovil Code, relating- to the management and
control of community property.
S. B. IS3, Davis— To declare Bonora and Big
M<*(Jows wagon road. In Tuolumne County, a
Ptate hichway. it.
5. B. 230. Davis — Making: an appropriation to
pay the claim of A. I. McForley.
6. B. 291. Curtin— To amend section 16C9 of the
Cede of Civil Procedure.
P. B. 292. Curtin— To amend section 726 of the
Code of Clvtl Procedure.
6. B. 233. Eeivece— To amend section 1882 of
th* Political Cope by Increasing the number of
y«ars lor which bond may be issued.
6. B. 2M. Tyrrell of Nevada— To provide for
the appointment of a mining Inspector in each
Congressional district and to define his duties,
etc.
6. B. S96, Tyrrell of Nevada.— To amend sec
tion 1 of the act to provide for the appoint
ment of a debris commissioner.
8. B. 2S«w O'Neal— To amend section U70 of
the Penal Code, relatins: to the disposition of
fines.
6. B. 287. Bxr.lth of Kern— To authorise any
taxpayer to bring actions to abate nuisances.
5. B. 2S8, Smith of Kern— To amend section
S7» of tJie Code of Civil Procedure, relating to
eu:ts 'or title of real property.
6. B. 139, Nelson — To amend section 290 of the
Civil Code, relating to articles of Incorporation.
6. B. SCO. Nelson— To amend section 305 of the
Civil Code, relating: to corporations.
S. B. 201. Nelson — To anvnd section 412 of the
Pecal Code, relating to prize-fighting;.
the past two years. His health Is not
shattered, as he seems to be able to un
dergo exposure to the weather in travel-
Ing over the State to nx up Blates for
political conventions. He has been re
markably active In the field of politics
since his appointment as expert, but
It seems that he has not had the time
or Inclination to investigate bookkeeping
methods of San Quentin Prison.
The time may now be auspicious for the
advent of Expert Parker into a field of
practical usefulness. "What Is the use of
paying out the State's good money to
employ 'Wadham and McLaren as extra
outside accountants, when the State has
on Its pay roll a permanent expert, whose
duty It is to advise the State Board of !
Examiners concerning delinquencies in
the management of public institutions?
There is now a demand for the services
of Expert Parker. *
LIST OF ASSEMBLY
BILLS IS GROWING
troduced and More In Prep
a pa tion.
Thirty-Two New Measures Are In-
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 2L— Thirty-two
bills were introduced in the Assembly to
day. They were:
A. B. 264. James — Appropriating |39 60 to pay
the claim of Maria ¦U'illaartlty.
A, B. 365— Restricting the powers of Boards of
Supervisors In the matter of Imposing licenses
upon those engaged in the sheep business.
A. B. 3C6, Schillig— Repealing all acts In force
regarding estrays, and furnishing a substitute.
A, B. SG7, Cowan— Authorizing the Secretary
of State to appoint two deputies.
A. B. 368. Cowan — Appropriating $47 75 to pa*
the claim of O. O. Webber.
A. B. 369, Cowan— Appropriating $300 to pay
the claim of George E. Dlerssen.
A. B. 370. Cowan— To facilitate and Increase
the collection of State and county municipal li
censes.
A. B. 871— Appropriating $12,000 to pay tha
claim of Charles F. Wells.
A. B. 372. Haley— Amending section 1699 of the
Code of Civil Procedure, relating to trust
clauses in wills.
A. B. 373, Cromwell— Amending the Civil
Code, relative to the granting of divorces.
A. P. 374. Cromwell— Amending section 92 of
the Civil Crxle. relating to Justices' courts.
A. B. 275. HourUran— Establishing uniform
rates for teleohone companies.
_ A. B. 376, Brougbton— Regulating the Impost
~tlon of licenses by counties and municipal cor
porations.
A. B. 377, Sheridan — Amending section 182J of
the Pecal Code, relating to attendant of wit
nesses In court.
A. B. 378, Brady— Amending section 691 of the
Penal Code, regarding to injury to telegraph
lines.
A. B. 379, Brady— To compel telephone com
panies other than Interstate companies to se
cure from the Secretary of State authority to
transact business, one of the conditions being
that their Inspection shall be permitted, and
upon euch inspection a 2 per cent toll on (rrosa
receipts shall be levied.
'¦ A. B. 380, Meyers— Supplemental to the irritra-
I tlon district act of 18S7.
A. B. SSI. Treadwell— To create a State Board
of Charities and Correction.
A. B. SS2, Mellck— Appropriating $1000 to pur
chase the land where the treaty of Cahuensa
was signed, and providing for th« appointment
of a trustee.
A. B. 8S3, McNeil — To amend section 12S2 of
the Political Code, relating to public •chooli.
A. B. 884, Ralston— Appropriating J87 32 to pay
th* claim of A.L McSorley. W
A. B. 885. Ralston— Amending eectlon 8B7 of
tha municipal corporations act of 1885.
A. B. 889 Carter— Amending ••otions tH and
2S7 of the Civil Code and adding sections.
A. B. tS7. Carter— Amandine lection 1616 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to com
pensation or exeontor and administrator.
A. B. 288, Bauer— Appropriating 115 20 to pay
the claim of Thomaj J. Walsh. .= '??¦
A, B. 889. C. R, Stewart— Providing for tht
dissolution of Irrigation districts.
A. B. m. C. B~ Stewart— Providing for the
pubmlesion and indorsement of ordinances by
the direct vote of the Qualified voters of coun
ties, cities and towns.
A_ B. 391. Anderson of Solano— Providing; for
the formation of union school districts
A. B. 892, Anderson of Solano— Making factors
and brokers involuntary trustees.
A, B. 393, Brown of Ean 'Mateo— Amending
section C12 of the Civil Code, relating to Jury
trials.
A. B. 884, Brown of San Mateo— Providing for
the examination of foods and drinks by the
State Beard of Health. . '
A. B. 335. Johnson— Amending: section 1 of
th* mutual beneficial and relief association act
of 1974.
THE SAN FRANCISCO
DELEGATION ORGANIZES
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 2L— The San Francisco'del
egation from both houses met and organ
ized this afternoon, chiefly for the purpose
of apportionment. Senator Wolfe was
elected chairman and Assemblyman Guil
foyle was made secretary. . It was decided
to appoint a sub-committee composed of
two Senators and three Assemblymen to
draft a plan of apportionment and submit
it to the delegation.
To assist the sub-committee It was de
cided to appoint a secretary. If either the
Senate or Assembly would stand for the
expense out of the contingent fund. Jt
was decided to try it first in the Assem
bly, because "it looked bad" In the Senate.
It is the understanding that Jacob Step
pacher will be appointed should the secre
tary be allowed; ¦«. - . ; * .
To-night- Senator Wolfe announced the
names of his sub-committee, as follows:
Senators Welch and Tyrrell; Assemblymen
Guilfoyle. Bauer and Collins. The com
mittee was appointed - after • consultation
with Assemblyman Flak, chairman of the
San Francisco Assembly delegation. -
SENATE'S STAND
AS TO COOLIES
Three Resolutions on Asiatic Laborers to
Be Embodied in One.
Rrv«=:«U Enepatch to The Call
CA.LL HEADQUARTERS, SaCRA
MEXTO, Jan. 21.— The three Jofnt
resolutions regarding the exclusion
of Chinese introduced by Belshaw,
Lukens and Wolfe came before the
Senate for consideration this morning.
They had all been referred to the Com
mittee on Federal Relations, and all were
recommended for adoption. Senator
Shortridge made objection to the proce
dure and proposed that the three resolu
tions be referred to Senator Davis as a
committee of one, to draw up a suitable
Etatement of the ideas of the State upon
Chinese and Japanese immigration, ana
the necessity for their exclusion, and
adopt that instead of the three small res
olutions, or any one of them. Davis de
cllned the duty by moving that the three
resolutions be referred back to the com
mittee, whose duty it was. he said, to rec
ommend one for passage and against the
others, or so amend one as to Include the
beneficial provisions of all, and recom
mend that, or throw them all out and
build a new one and offer the new one as
a substitute. He believed the committee
had not done its duty in the matter, and
he pressed his motion for re-reference.
The motion was carried.
The resolution demanding the removal
of Dr. J. J. Kinyoun from the quarantine
Fervice on this coast was placed on file.
It will probably be taken up to-morrow.
Davis' joint resolution on the selection
of a United States Senator and his bil!
to repeal the cartoon act, both mentioned
In dispatches cf yesterday, were intro
duced. Devlin's .amendment to chang
the time of the convening of the Legisli:
ture was also introduced.
Senator Wilson introduced a bill Si.
amending section 412 of the Civil Code re
latlng to prize fights as to make It a
felony to manage fcr participate in a prize
ughi. but allowing bouts of a limited
number of rounds. A prize fight is de
fined as one which goes over four rounds
or one in which the rounds exceed four
minutes in length. The penalty Is fixed
by the bill at not exceeding two years In
the State prison.
"Will "Work for Big Basin.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 21.— A committee of
citizens will go to Sacramento to-morrow
in the interest of the Big Basin to have
It set aside for a public park.
PARKER MAY NOW MAKE
A TIMELY EXPLANATION
Expert Paid by State Has Opportunity to Show
What He Did Not Do for His Money.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TO INSURE SAFETY
OP tTMTDETtGItOUNnD MTNJSKS
Tyrrell Offers Measure Providing for
• ;. : ; Mining Inspector in Each
* District. -^-U
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 21.— Senator Tyrrell of Ne
vada" has introduced a bill providing for
the appointment by the Governor of a
mining inspector In each; mining, district
of the State. The inspector, it is pro
vided, shall be a practical underground
miner. His duties .will < be ..to visit mines
and examine them as to their safety and
the; provisions made for the protection of
thet mien, and to report anything unsafe
'that he may find to the superintendent of
the mine..
It is provided further that In case of
injury to any miner a plea that the miner
knew, of i the danger is not allowed as a
defense in any suit for' damages' follow
ing. The bill provides that the inspector
shall receive $4 a day and mileage.
setting. The Governor does not want any
bill passed carrying a large appropriation
if it can possibly be avoided, and presum
ably to support the Governor s policy or
economy Ralston /has -, turned his back
upon the miners' association.
::' Colonel. Heuer of the United States en
gineer corps appeared before the commit
tee in response to an invitation by Rals
toh, who desired to get' information as to
the intentions of .the Federal Government.
Colonel Heuer said work could proceed
with the $500,000 now available provided
the State would pay for; one-half _of the
real estate" purchased for sites. He said
that 90 per cent of the work must be done
by contract, and that .It could be done
much cheaper if the entire $800,000 of the
estimated cost were available from the
.beginning. V >.: .• :.::V ;*
Colonel Heuer said that the $500,000
would not be sufficient to complete the im
pounding basin, and that if after it had
been expended either the United States or
California should fail to appropriate its
share for the completion of the work the
other's share would not be available, and
the entire $500,000 expended i would : be lost,
as well as the benefits to be given by the
system. :
¦In reply to questions Colonel Heuer ex
pressed complete confidence in the pro
posed system. : He ' said he believed that
within two or I three years i hydraullcklngr
would be able to proceed without any re
straint whatever. . He was not sure that
local • barriers to hold back the debris
eould;b«-dispensedvwltlr entirely, though
auch was the opinion of the Debris Com-
mission. He did not regard the Impound
ing basin and dams, however, as in any
sense experimental.
Colonel Heuer repeatedly said on being
questioned concerning the Federal policy
that the engineers were not in favor of
expending any money on the proposed
construction works unless the entire nec
essary appropriation were assured.
CALL- HEADQUARTERS SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 21.-Aseembly bill No, 46,
introduced by Irish, appropriating 5150,000
to duplicate a proposed United States ap
propriation to add to the $500,000 now
available for©, restraining and impound
ing system in the hydraulic mining dis
trict has been held up in the camp of its
friends. Ralston of Calaveras, himself a
miner, took an unexpected stand in com
mittee meeting this afternoon in opposi
tion to the petition of the California Min
ers' Association and succeeded in prevent
ing the committee from recommending the
bill for passage.
Ralston' s contention is that . $500,000 is
now available and that a further appro
priation at this time would be Unadvised.
At Ralston'a personal request at the meet-
Ing of the Committee on Mines and Min
ing this afternoon Stewart of :Amador
withdrew a motion that the? committee
recommend that the bill "do pass," and
It was finally decided. to postpone action
till "Wednesday afternoon at 4 o'clock., r >
A memorial was.presented to the Legis
lature last week 4 - from ..the California
Miners* Association urging, the 'necessity
for immediate action. on.\ the ground that
a further appropriation by 'the -United
States, for which a bill is now pending,
Is contingent upon California' appropriat
ing a like amount RaMon's opposition
Is looked upon here as significant simply
as a straw showing the direction in which
the current of Governor Gage's opinion is
Special Dispatch; to The CalL
Ralston of Calaveras Opposes the Proposed Act That Is Recom
mended by California Miners' Association.
Martin Brady follows up his constitu
tional amendment introduced some days
ago providing for telephone regulations,
with Assembly bill No. 379. This measure
requires all telephone companies other
than those doing solely an interstate busi
ness and all interstate telephone compa
nies doing a business not interstate in
character to ¦ secure from the Secretary
of State certificates of authority to trans
act business. In order to secure such cer
tificates they must file stipulations that
they will keep books and keep them cor
rectly and open them to inspection of the
Secretary of State, the State Board of Ex
aminers, or whoever either or both shall
appoint. Such stipulations must be filed
by January 15 of each year and each cer
tificate of authority shall expire on De
cember 31 after its issue. The telephone
company must furnish bonds to the
amount -of $10,000 to fulfill its stipulation,
and is compelled to pay the State 2 per
cent of its gross receipts. Any violation
of the measure Is also made a misde
meanor. ¦.'-. : -;¦•..
Section 4 forbids charges for putting in
telephones: section 6 compels a corpora
tlon to put in telephones in any respect
able place of business or dwelling upon
demand, and section 6 nxes the penally
for violation of the statute at $300 for each
offense. :
Bee. 3. The rate fixed by the provisions of
section 2 of this act ehall cover all charges
to be marte by telephone companies or corpora
tions doing business In this Stat'e within
municipal corporations, and no additional
charge of whatever kind or nature shall b»
made, either for the rent of telephones or for
th« transmission of conversations or messages
other than the uniform rate of $2 per month,
as fixed by eection 2 of this act.
Canada expects a population of 8,000.-
COo In its census returns next year.
MINING MEASURE IS HELD UP
IN THE CAMP OF FRIENDS OF THE BILL
Brady has another bill of less signifi
cance, which provides that in cases where
telephone companies have erected poles
upon or attached wires to private property
without the consent of the owners they
may be removed by the owners of the
property.
Hourlgan is the Cincinnatus of the Leg
islature. Some years ago Charles F.
Curry got him a job cutting grass on
the State Capitol grounds and he held it
until called up higher by Martin -Kelly.
Now, Instead of cutting grass for the
State, he is making hay for Kelly and
himself. But he is still designated in the
Assembly directory as "grass-cutter."
Hourigan says the measure Is his own
He admits it was given him for Intro
duction, but will not say by whom. He
Bays he has talked to many responsible
business men about it and they all favor
it, but he refuses to name a single one of
them, saying that is a matter Mt his prV
vate business.
"Colonel" Brady asserts that he alone
is responsible for the bills which he
fathers. As a result of his profound
studies of municipal affairs upon Ellis
and Powell and Mason streets, he has be
come convinced that regulation of tele
phone rates is generally demanded. He
says that he will press his bills to pass
ago, disproving the suspicion that he has
Introduced them as cinch measures.
Meanwhile. Martin Kelly is cheek by
Jowl with Brady and Hourlpan. He es
corts them to the Assembly Chamber,
beams upon them from outside the railing,
lolls complacently in the upholsterea
chairs within the railing, and after &a~
Journment lies in wait for them outside In
the corridors, where they hasten to make
their reports to him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hourigan Introduces a Remarkable Measure Providing Uniform
Rate Regardless of Service.
PRESIDENT WHEELER OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ON HIS WAY
TO THE CAPITOL.
KELLY'S HAND APPEARS
IN TELEPHONE BILLS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 21.— President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the University of California
will address a Joint meeting of the Com
mittee on Education and Committee on
Revenue and Taxation of the Senate and
the committees on Education and Ways
and Means of the Assembly to-morrow
afternoon at 3 o'clock In the Assembly
Chamber, on the needs of the Institution
of which he is the head. Members of the
Senate anu Assembly will be invited to be
present.
Pfesident Wheeler was present at a
meeting of the Alameda County delega
tion to-night and at the request of its
members he set. forth In detail the finan
cial needs ot the university. He avoided
entirely any discussion of the merit3 of
any set of measures meant to provids
revenue, saying that such problems were
for the Legislature to solve as it saw fit.
Dr. Wheeler described the unprecedent
ed growth of the university within the
Last few' years, during which time its
number of students has increased 400 per
cent and its revenue but 70 per cent. He
estimated that $250,000 would be needed
for maintenance for the two succeeding
fiscal years, in addition to the fixed in-
C °Assernblymen Bliss. Foster and Mc-
Wade expressed the opinion that the
measures known as the Rowell bills could
not possibly become laws, in view of the
Governor's opposition and the attitude of
the Assembly, Several members present
asserted that the policy advocated by the
Governor of biennial appropriations in
stead of an increase in fixed Income for
the university was wrong, but that it
BBOTJGHTON'S BILIi
STANDS GOOD CHANCE
Assembly Committee on Municipal
Corporations AgTees to Beport
Favorably.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO Jan. 21.— The Broughton bill,
regulating the sale of franchises, has been
so amended In committee that it is prob
able all concerned will rush it through,
for all seem satisfied. The amendments
which were Bent up from the south have
been grafted upon the bill, and in its ,
amended form the Assembly Committee
on Municipal Corporations has decided to
report it favorably to the Assembly.
The committee met for the consideration
of the bill this afternoon, and when th*
measure was brought up Broughton start- \
ed to submit amendments. First, in sec- ,
tion 1. he amended the bill so as to include
easpipe lines for heat as well as power.
and also to exempt all steam railroad
fines from the provisions of the act. Tne
bin in its original form exempted ah
steam railroads doing an Interstate busi
ness The mission of Ferdinand K Rule,
treasurer ot the Salt Lake road, who was
up here last Friday, was to amend thi*
section so as to include steam railroads
intending to do an interstate business,
which lT the condition of the Salt Lake
road- but the amendment made to-day
goes even further than that.
In the second section, where the original
bill leaves the Question of advertising v,
franchise to the discretion of the govern
ing body of a municipality, the bill was
amended so as to add to this discretionary
power the restriction that, when the ap
plication for a franchise is accompanied
by the petition of the owners of tbxee
fourths of the ¦ real property along the
frontage of the franchise applied for, then
the governing body of the municipality
must advertise it.
¦ Regarding the provision fixing 2 per cent
of the gross earnings' as the minimum to
be charged by municipalities, and leaving
.the maximum indefinite, an amendment
was adopted making a definite rate of 2
per cent of the gross receipts payable to
.the municipality.
A new section was added to the bill
which provides that work must be com
menced by a successful bidder within four
months, or he shall forfeit his franchise;
and it must be completed within three
years, or again he shall forfeit all, unless
in either case the time has been extended
for good reasons.
Another new section added provides that
nothing in the act shall be construed as
repealing or amending acts for the con
struction of bicycle or automobile paths,
or providing for the granting of fran
chises by municipalities to railroads or
street railways extending beyond their
limits to public parks.
The traction company of Los Angeles
sent up a bill which Included all .the
amendments and accepted provisions of
the Broughton bill, with this addition:
It provides that when an application for a
franchise is accompanied by a petition
signed by the owners of three-fourths of
the property fronting on the proposed
franchise, then the governing body of any
municipality shall grant the franchise
asked* but the amendment requiring ad
vertisement, under the same circum
stances, seemed to be satisfactory, and it
is not probable that the traction com
pany's measure will be introduced. There
was some talk of urging it as a committee
substitute, but this idea was abandoned.
James of Los Angeles was anxious to
have action by the committee on the bill
postponed, but it was decided that if there
had been any serious objections to the bill
even as amended there had' been ulenty
of time for the Los Angeles delegation to
arrive; so a vote was taken, and, as
amended, it was decided to recommend
the bill for passage.
The companion bill In the Senate has
not yet been considered in committee, nor
would be foolish for tha friends of the
university to insist on the fixed incoma
plan, for by such a stand any legislative
aid during this session would be sacri
ficed.
President Wheeler reiterated that tha
end. in financial aid commensurate with
the university's needs, was what he and
those he represented sought, and that
they were content to leave the choice of
method to tha Legislature. There seems
no longer the slightest doubt that tha
Rowell bills will be allowed to die in com
mittee, probably without any action what
ever being: taken on them, and that new
bills will be introduced, drafted along tha
lines indicated by Governor Gage. As a
result of President Wheeler's visit it is
probable that the bill for a direct appro
priation will fix the amount at $C.V>.'«»)
instead of $200,000, as suggested by Gov
ernor Gage.
Figures obtained from the secretary of
the Board of Regents show that the uni
versity's cash capital consists of $2,823,
251 23. Of this amount there is credited to
the consolidated perpetual endowment
fund $1,959,114 04, and to special funds $369.
11019.
The income for the year ended June 30.
1900, was $377,887 67. This amount includes
5236.293 28 derived from the two-cent State
tax.
The value of all property belontrtnjr to
the University of California is JM33.Q15 27.
The value of the Mark Hopkins Institute.
San Francisco, is placed at $600,000. ami
the Flood property at Menlo Park at $750.
000.
Th« income from the Johnson buildlnsr.
San Francisco, for the year 1900 was J30.
673 40. The Income from the Sacramento
building was $15,081. •
will It be taken up for some time, as the
Senate Committee on Municipal Corpora
tions has decided to take up street -
improvement laws first. This will give
Broughton's bill such, a start that It will
probably bo the one to go through. •
ly seventy-five mile9 from the Pitt reser
vation, and to get to it they must
pass through the territory of the Piutes.
a powerful and warlike tribe, and con
stant friction is the result. In view of
the friendly attitude of the tribe the reso
lution sets forth that the Pilts are deserv
ing of this consideration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President Wheeler Addresses Alameda Delega
tion on Needs of University.
LIMITS POWERS
OF SUPERVISORS
Schilling Introduces Resolution Regarding
the Taxing of Sheep.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. a.-Schillig mtro
luced a measure in. the Assembly
this morning Intended to limit the
powers of Boards of Supervisors to
impose taxes upon sheep that are being
driven through counties on the way from
valley to mountain pasturage. The bill
makes It illegal to levy a tax of more
than 3 cents per head for the herding,
grazing or pasturing of sheep within the
county limits.
Sheep-owners claim that extortionate
measures are enacted in many counties
in which their sheep do not graze to any
extent whatever, but through which they
must be driven to reach the mountain pas
tures.
Knowland of AlaJneda introduced As
sembly constitutional amendment No. 13.
changing the date of the meeting- of the
Legislature from the first Monday after
the first day of January to the first Mon
day in Aoril.
Cowan introduced a measure giving the
Secretary of State two additional clerks
at a salary of $1600 per year each, and
repealing the section cf the Political Coda
which provides for the appointment of ex
tra clerks.
TO FBOVIDE SCHOOL
FOR PITT INDIANS
Tribe Is Peaosable and Friendly and
Its Members Are Anxious to Se
cure an Education.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. £1.— Senator Laird has in
troduced a Joint resolution calling upon
the Government to establish a school for
the Pitt Indians In Modoc County. He seta
forth the fact that the Pitts have been
peaceful and friendly and anxious to at
tend school, but the nearest school is near-
DOOM OF ROWELL BILLS
PRACTICALLY SEALED
THE SAX FKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, .JANUARY 32, 1901.
TELEPHONE CINCH BILLS ARE PREDOMINATING
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. J 21.— Telephone cinch bills
are turning up' with a frequency that
promises to make them a feature of the
session of the Legislature, and Martin
Kelly's Intimacy with the men who pose
as the fathers of these measures has
created more than a suspicion that hla Is
the fine Italian hand that expects to mak9
the touch. Three more bills were Intro
duced to-day, at least one of them beinjc
a cinch measure of the most bold faced
sort.
Hourigan of San Francisco is responsi
ble for Assembly bill No. 376. This re
markable measure proposes that all ques
tions of difference in telephone service
within a municipality shall be sunk out
of sight and that the uniform monthly
rat© for telephones shall be (2. This rate
must include all connections and cover
all charges. No additional charges of
whatever kind can be made, either for
rent or for the transmission of conversa
tion or messages.
These prohibitions shut out nickel-in
the-slot attachments and Ignore the dif
ferences in demand made upon the tele
phone service by business houses, hotels
and residences and leave out of question
••main line," "ten party" and * two party
line considerations. Simply and unavoid
ably if a telephone company wants to do
business' within a municipality It . must
cast asi&e all of these attempts at accom
modating itself to the demands ofitssub
ecribers and charge each of them 52 per
month per instrument. This is specified
in the Hourlgan bill as follows:
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Empress of China is said to carry
¦with her 3000 dresses when she travels.
These fill 600 boxes and are taken care of
by 1200 coolies.
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists. EMsease 4j3&"
and weakness of c|J5$ _T
men. Established rjwjjf •^®M^3L
1SS1. Consultation Wgfc X2P* \SJ"
and privat* book \Jlfr. \ /_Xl
free, at ofnee or by '^jj
mall. Cures guar- l%i*K4i«c5«?*
an teed. 731 Alar-
ket street (elevator Jl^*S<iS?iiM*Sw
entrance). San . fyjg^gjg
Of outward misfortune can darken the
smile of the loyal wife and loving
mother. But when disease comes the
smile slowly fades, and in its place
comes the drawn -.__,„¦ __, __ipuih«
cate womanly X 1^.^/
organism is dis- r5$f .teS?jcffig»ffiJ|
body suffers ; the rap *^>y j^jP^S-SSiSlBi
first step to sounci 1 **^J*JSi^B53hJFtS*F^|i
undermine ft^KMt^i i $& *»v-^^l
the womanly fc .< r -£o?!lJv"l
strength. SuJ'vy fi2" '•"'^•i '1
vorite Prescrip- p^r i>*
dralSSf heals in-
fiammation and nlceration and cnres
female weakness. The wonderful cures
of womanly diseases effected by the nse
of "Favorite Prescription" place it at
the front of all put-up medicines speci-
ally prepared for the nse of women. •
"I was troubled -with female weakness for
eight years, and suffered more than I can tell,"
writes Mrs. Gust. Moser, of Ovando, Deerlodye
Co., Montana. "My disposition was affected to
such an extent that to say a pleasant word to
any one was almost an impossibility.
"X had two operations performed by one of
the most skiDea surg eons of the West, bat did
not get relief. Then, against my doctor's
strict orders. I commenced taking Dr. Pierce'a
Fairorite Prescription and * Golden Medical Dis-
covery,' and also followed the advice given in
the Common Sense Medical Adviser.
" I continued this treatment for three months,
and to-day am a* healthy and well as • woman
can be. I cannot thank Dr. Pierce eaoujh for
his kind letters to me."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pelleta cure bil-
iousness and sick headache.SPECIFICATIONS REDTTCED.
Items Aggregating 98O,OOO Cut
From Flans of New Battleships.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2L— The Navy
Department has cut from the specifica
tions for the r«w battle-ships items ag
gregating In value about JSO.OOO. It also
has considerably reduced the fund re
served for superintendents, inspection
and coppering. Therefore Secretary Long
¦was able to offer to the lowest bidders,
the Newport News and Bath corpora
tions, the sum of $3,500,000 each for the
construction of one sheathed battleship.
Judge Payson, representing the two com
panies, has accepted the offer, and noth •
ing more Is to be done but prepare and
sign the contracts.
Estimates of Appropriations.
WASHINGTON, Jan. ZL — Secretary
Gage to-day submitted to the House
deficiency estimates of appropriation*
for the .various departments to comolere
the service up to June 30. 1901. amounting
to $U.286,052. and $3.*41,9S5 for the postal
service, payable from the postal revenues.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— No business of
special importance was transacted by the
Senate to-day In Open session. An execu
tive session of more than two hours" du
ration was held and sixty pages of the
legislative, executive and judicial appro
priation bill were completed before ad
journment.
An act to confer in trust to the city of
Albuquerque, New Mexico, the pueblo of
Albuquerque grant was passed.
Turner of Washington offered a resolu
tion requesting the President to transmit
to the Senate. If n#t incompatible with
public Interest, information of what steps
have been taken by the State. Department
to protect the rights of R. E. Brown, a
citizen of the United States, in the matter
of his claim against the South African
Republic, together with copies of all cor
respondence and papers relating thereto.
The resolution waa adopted.
In presenting the resolution Turner
made a statement regarding the case.
Brown, the Senator said, was an Ameri
can engineer, who went to South Africa
eight years ago. He located a large num
ber of gold mining claims in Witfontein,
adopting American methods in his work.
He waa deprived of the claims by order
of the South African authorities, and In
stituted suit against them for $1,850,000.
The case was decided by the South Af
rican court in Brown's favor, his conten
tion being upheld upon every point, not
withstanding the order of President Kru
ger withdrawing the claims held by Mr.
Brown from location. The Judgment of
the court so incensed President Kruger
and the Volksraad that the judges were
removed summarily from office. Subse
quently the new court dismissed the case
of Mr. Brown, and he was invited to in
stitute a new suit. Realizing that the
court was packed against him, he decided
to appeal to his own Government for jus
tice and with a view to securing his
rights as defined by the highest court of
the Transvaal Republic.
Turner said the claims of Mr. Brown
now were worth $5,000,000 or $8,000,000. In
view of the governmental changes that
had taken place in the Transvaal Turner
said the purpose of his resolution was
to press upon Great Britain the merit of
the claim of Mr. Brown and to ascertain
what steps had been taken by this Gov
ernment in regard to it since Great Brit
ain had assumed the responsibilities of
sovereign over that country.
The Senate at 1 p. m.. on motion of
Foraker, went Into executive session, and
on resuming open session the legislative
appropriation bill was taken up.
Gallinger of New Hampshire said that
on last Friday, during the discussion of
the amendment to the army reorganiza
tion bill, intended to prohibit the sale of
liquor in the Philippines, he had made a
statement that liquor licenses had been
Issued to saloons in Manila by an army
officer whose residence was in California —
meaning General Harrison Gray Otis. H«
then read a telegram from General Otl9
saying .that he had never granted and
never had the power to grant such license.
Gallinger expressed regret that he had
been led into the error he had made.
"Does that telegram tell." inquired
Cockrell of Missouri, "who did issue the
licenses?"
"It does not," replied Galllnger. .
On 'motion of Allison, chairman of th«
Committee on Appropriations, the Senate
then proceeded to the consideration of the
legislative, executive and judicial appro
priation bill. When, in the.readinar of the
bill, the "paraarraph •was reached appro
priating. 510,000 to keep open the Library
of Congress from 2 until m p. m. on each
Sunday. Gallinper said he desired to enter
his protest against the opening of the li
brary on Sunday. Confess, it seemed to
him. had dealt very generously with the
library and the people of the pistrict of
Columbia, and the latter ought to be sat
isfied that the library was open thirteen
hours each weekday. v
Allison replied that the proposed amend
ment had been recommended by two conv
mlttees of the Senate and by the Libra
rian of Congress. Personally, he could see
no better way for persons sojourning- In
Washington or for residents here to spend
a few hours on Sunday than in the Li
brary of Congress. The amendment was
asrreed to without division. The Senate
then adjourned.
NO LICENSES BY
GENERAL OTIS
American Engineer's Claim
Against Kruger to Be
Investigated.
Alleges That He Was Deprived of
TT-ia Eights by the Summary
Dismissal of the Trans- .
vaal Court.
CONSTITUTIONAL
v CONVENTION AGAIN
SENTENCES COMMUTED.
President Extends i Clemency . to : Two
Convicts. .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.-Pre«ident Me-
Kinl ey to-day I in ¦ the , case \ of : George . H.
Shimer. clerk and' teller ' of I the, First
National Bank of Lebanon, Fa., sentenced
May . 18, 1899, to . serve' five , years - in .' the
penitentiary , for misapplication of funds,
granted a commutation l of -' sentence <¦ to
two years. The amount of his defalcation
was but 1624 and. the President, believes
the sentence was excessive.- : -" ¦ ":¦ v- - s ¦
¦ • In the case of >.W/: P.." Hoch, "-•«: who ; waa
sentenced to six years and' six months for
For Storage Beservoirs.-
WASHINGTON; Jan. 21.-Senator War
ren to-day gave notico of an amendment
he will present to the river and harbor
bill providing for storage reservoirs in
Wyoming. . ¦
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— Senator Vest
to-day gave notice of an amendment he
will propose to the ship subsidy bill ap
plying the provisions of the anti-trust law
to shipbuilding under the bill.
Amendment to Subsidy Bill.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2L— Congressman
Neville of Nebraska is in a prostrate
state, resulting from the hemorrhages he
has had recently. As they have ceased
for several days the physician states that
the chances are more favorable for his re
covery.
Neville Is Prostrated.
-Senator Martin also introduced an
amendment to this bill providing that no
deed. or contract made or entered into
since the war revenue act went Into effect
shall be considered- invalid because of the
failure to attach a stamp as required by
law. .
Senators Cockrell and Martin Propose
¦ Changes in the Bill. '
WASHINGTON,. Jan. 21.— Senator Cock
rell :.• to-day , Introduced, the following
amendment to the war revenue reduction
bill: •
That the provisions of the existing laws- In
regard to exportation of distilled • spirits are
hereby extended so as to permit th« exporta
tion of rectified and blended spirits in pack
ages of not less than twenty wine gallons,
with the privilege of drawback. taxes paid on
such distilled spirits, provided that the.tax
able gallons of such rectified or blended spirits
cubject to rebate shall be determined accord-
Ing to such regulations as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, may prescribe.
embezzlement of ¦ $5000 from the South
Bethlehem, Pa., bank, November 22, 1897,
the President granted a commutation to
four years with good behavior.
WAS TAX AMENDMENTS.
Mrs. Whinneman: was suffering; from
lack of the bare necessities of life, ' there
being no food in the place. The couch
upon which she was lying was In a dilap
idated condition, and the 'bed coverings,
which were ragged and In disorder, were
entirely insufficient for one in her en
feebled condition. Filth had accumulated
Converse street, where she lives with her
eon, who is an irreclaimable opium fiend.
BRADY SUES FOR
AN ACCOUNTING
in all parts of the room.
The neighbors, it was learned, looked
upon Mrs. Whinneman as a miser, and
therefore did ' not concern themselves
about her condition.
The case has been turned over to the
Associated Charities and temporary, as
sistance has been given, the sick and
starving woman. It is reported that Mrs.
.Whinneman once possessed a considerable
fortune,, but lost It through ill-advised
speculation.
- ........
Says Jim Kennedy Has
Money That He Refuses
; ; to Surrender.
David Gerbar, on behalf of Brady, op
posed any adjournment, alleging that he
feared Kennedy would leave the State
and take the moneys with him, so that
when the receiver was appointed hero
there would be nothing for him to receive.
He added that the defendant. Powers, had
remained out of the State to avoid service
of the papers upon him.
Justice Truax granted . a postponement
until Thursday. Brady, says, that the
profits of the six-day bicycle, race at
Madison Square Garden exceeded $12,000
,and that he had been unable to induce
Kennedy to divide the .money, Kennedy
claiming that the delay was due to Pow
ers.* W hen Brady ¦ found Kennedy was
about to leave for California . he brought
his* action. •••
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— William A. Brady
has brought suit in the Supreme Court
against Jim Kennedy, manager of tne
Twentieth Century Sporting Club of San
Francisco, and Patrick T. Powers, man
ager of the Eastern Baseball League, for
a dissolution of the partnership which ex
isted between them in regard to the
carrying out of bicycle races at Madison
Square Garden. Brady also asks that a
receiver be appointed to ; take; charge of
the moneys belonging to "the partnership.
An adjournment was asked for by coun
sel for Kennedy.
WASHINGTON,- Jan. 21.— The House to
day, after devoting some time to District
of Columbia business, passed a number
of bills under suspension of the rules. A
bill to give citizens of-forelgn countries
the right .to sue in the Court of Claims
for indemnity for alleged injuries which
had been recommended by the State De
partment was disastrously beaten.
Thr. poatoflice appropriation bill was re
ported.
The Senate amendments to the army re
organization bill were disagreed. to and
the House agreed to a conference. Hull
of Iowa, Brownlow of Tennessee and Hay
of Virginia were appointed conferees. •
The House then proceeded with district
business. After some debate the vote was
taken and the bill was passed— 137 to 57.
After the disposal Of the district busi
ness. White of North Carolina was recog
nized to move the passage, under a sus
pension of the rules, of a bill to provide
a home for aged and infirm colored peo
ple. The bill provides that the money for
the construction and maintenance ci the
home shall consist of the fund now (n the
treasury due the estates of deceased col-
ored soldiers.' The fund amounts to $230,
000. By the terms of the bill the -home is
to be erected in the District of Columbia
on ground now in the possession of a col
ored association organized for that . pur
pose.-
Ray of New York, chairman • of the
Committee on Judiciary, moved - the pas
sage, under suspension of the rules,. of a
bill to permit subjects of a- foreign coun
try claiming indemnity for Injuries re
ceived in this country, to bring suit in the
Court of Claims. The bill, by its terms,
applies only to pert- 3ns not citizens of the
United States, and . provides that the
United States can * set up as a ¦ defense
against such claims that the claimants
have resided in the United States con
tinuously for one year. Ray explained
that the State Department had been over
run with claims of foreign . citizens for
indemnity and the proposed legislation
was strongly recommended by that de
partment. ' ¦ j
Hltt of Illinois said the bill had* been
prepared by former Secretary of State
Olney and such legislation had been rec
ommended by many previous Secretaries
of State. Almost all the powers of the
world, Hitt said, provided a tribunal for
the trial of such cases. Our system; he
said,' had resulted in the presentation and
payment of extravagant claims.
De Armond of Missouri, on behalf of a
minority of the Committee. on" Judiciary,
opposed the bill, which, he said, proposed
to give to foreign citizens privileges not
accorded to our own citizens, t The reci
procity feature of the bill, he said, also
was objectionable. This legislation would
offer a general Invitation to speculative
lawyers to rake and scrape the - foreign
population for pretext to bring suit
against the Government
"Williams ¦ of Mississippi believed that
the circuit ' courts ¦ should ¦ be opened, not
only to citizens of foreign countries, but
citizens of the United States.. {The bill
was defeated. 37 to- 82., .;. •.-.,;
Brownlow of Tennessee .moved 'to sus
pend the rules and pass the Senate bill to
establish a branch soldiers' home at
Johnson City, Tenn. The bill carried an
Initial appropriation of. $250,000, but Can
non of Illinois said that if the home was
built 'It '.would cost eventually $1,250,000. -
The bill was passed,; as also was < a bill
to increase the salary of the Commission
er of Education of. Porto Rico from $3000
to $4000 per annum. ;¦ At 5:05 the House ad-'
Journed. - ¦ > : -'... '¦ ¦
Bill for the Purpose Pre
sented in the House
hy White.
NATIONAL HOME
FOR NEGROES
SELDOM within the experience of
the authorities of this city have
cases of destitution been brought
to light which could equal in depth
of misery and abject destitution
that of Mrs. 'Wninneman, which was re
ported yesterday to the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
The old woman was found lying at the
point of death in a wretched hovel at 110
~~— - ? * _-\ ',¦¦
of your road In and about - Los Angeles, asks
the privilege of pending a committee to meet
and confer with you on the occaflon of your
cc-minr to this city.
\\> understand that an invitation has been
extended to you by the citizens of Los An-
Keles for a dinner to be given In your honor
In the near future. We assume that you will
spend a day or two In this vicinity, and that
it will be your pleasure at that time to meet
the principal patrons of the Southern Pacific
read In this region, and to discuss with them
any matters of mutual interest. We may
frankly explain that the chief of these, in our
Ci.se. is a question of alleged discrimination
oi rates as between this city and San Fran
ciico into the territory of the Sao Joaquin Val
1*7.
This occasion has been made the - basis of a
suit by tbe Los Angeles Traffic Association,
which is the corporate title of our organiza
tion, before th* Interstate Railway Commis
sion, and we appreciate, ai the matter Is now
In the hand* of your and our attorneys, you
may prefer net to enter Into any detailed dls
cusrion of the topic; but as you are a new
comer in this reg'ion and presumably not fa
miliar with the circumstances of this contro
\<rsy between your road and ourselves, we
should be glad of an opportunity to explain
our position In order that you may understand
our motives, and may not by any chance mis
construe the nature of our sentiments toward
your corporation.
We appreciate that In undertaking; the man
agement of the affairs of the Southern Pacific
Cempany you ar» desirous of establishing the
j>;ea*antest possible relations with tbe. patrons
of the road; and - we on our . part are sim
ilarly desirous that you should not feel that
there exists in this quarter anything that re
sembles animosity or prejudice against the
eplendld commercial enterprise over which you
ore called . to preside, and nothing but the
warmest friendship and the heartiest welcome
for you personally. For that reason it has
seemed to us wise that we should take the
earliest opportunity to present ourselves to you
as a body of men whose commercial interests
are primarily In harmony with those of your
corporation, and to explain. If we may be al
lowed that privilege, the causes that led up to'
the prese-nt controversy. Very truly yours,
M. H. XEWMARK,
C. C. RETNOLDS.
F.~'W. BRAl'.V,
J. O. KOEPFLI.
U C. BCHELLER.
¦ C. D. WILLARD. Secretary.
Executive Committee of the Jobbers' Associa
tion.
To this communication Mr. Hays re
plied as follows:
M. H. Kewmark. President Associated Job
bers of Lo« Aneeles— Dear Sir: I have your
favor of January 12, relative to a meeting
with the committee representlnr the Jobbers'
Association of Los Angeles, and thanking: you
for the expression* of friendliness contained
therein will state that I shall be glad to meet
your committee on the occasion of my con
teraolated visit to Los Angeles. Mr time has
been so fully taken up since my arrival here
that I have not as yet been able to determine
definitely upon a date for my visit, but shall
hope now to do «o within a short time. Yours
truly. CHAS. M. HAYS. President.
Judiciary Committee and then the Assem
bly Judiciary Committee, and in each case
after a long discussion the bill was favor
ably recommended.
These bills are similar and seek to add
harbors to the caees- where, the right of
eminent domain may be appealed to; and
In applying It the framers of the measure
had in view the harbor of Belvedere, dot
ted with arks and houseboats and yachts
and bordered with picturesque residences.
But it was pointed out that often these
same residences needed regulating, and
whenever any attempt has been 'made to
regulate them the attempt has been met
with the answer that the owners of the
property along the beach had allowed the
offending ark to anchor wnere It lay: and
so. what was the town going to do about
it? So the town is anxious to have the
right to condemn the beach property as
tide lands abounding a harbor, and so
solve the cuestion.
It was claimed that the arks frequently
anchor where what can be considered the
fairway Is located and that they helped
to fill up the channel by throwing over
board rubbish. It was explained that in
five or 6ix .tides an oilcan would raise a
two-foot lump of mud in the channel— and
the channel is very shallow at best The
town courts the presence of the arks, but
wishes the control of them. , The land
sought is owned mostly by the Coleman
and the Crooks estates. Those represent
ing Belvedere before the committees were
Dr. L. L. Dunbar and Thomas E. Haven.
TABOa-LABDNEB
CONTEST BEGTJN
Senate Committee on Elections. Opens
Proceedings Despite Defend
ant's Protest.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. I SACRA
MENTO, Jan. a.— The Senate Committee
on Elections opened proceedings in the
contest of Ben P. Tabor for the seat of
W". B. Lardner, Senator from El Dorado
and'Placer, the Fifth District. The de
fendant demurred to the contest of Ta
bor because of lack of specific allegations,
but these demurrers j were overruled and
both parties were • ordered to' read the
depositions they had taken. This occu
pied some time, and then the committee
adjourned to to-morrow, when it will de
cide whether or"not to allow a recount.
The Fish and Game Committee of the
Assembly has decided to report in favor
of the bill to appropriate $2uuO for the Eel
River hatchery. It haa also decided to
report favorably upon Higby's bill to reg
ulate the catching of fish and to declare
the seasons in which the various fish may
be taken.
The joint committee on public ¦ institu
tions is arranging for a junket next Sat
urday to Highlands and Whlttler. Me
lick's resolution that but three of any
committee be allowed on a Junket bids
fair to be dormant in the Committee on
Mileage and Attaches.
The Senate Judiciary Committee has de
cided to draft bills to pay the claims of
James C. Daly for $11,050 for legal ser
vices in the case of the Southern Pacific
Company against. the Board of Railroad
Commissioners, and the claim of J. R.
Hanify for 5197 70 damages caused by the
loss of property in the collapse of Fre
mont-street wharf in February, 1899. This
was done in accordance with suggestions
contained in the Governor's message.
CABLE TO POBMOSA.
Hew Project to Be Considered at
Session of Imperial Diet.
SEATTLE. Jan. 21— A new cable Is to
be put In between Nagasaki and Keelung.
according to the Nagasaki press. There
is already one line between Keelung and
Ohama, Osumi Province, but the wonder
ful increase of communication between
Formosa and Japan proper haa aroused
the people of Nagasaki to the needs of
still another cable.
The expense Involved in carrying out
the new enterjprise is estimated at approx
imately 1.600,000 yen. -
At the next session of the Imperial Diet
the authorities of Nagasaki will submit a
proposal In favor of the new cable In
Nagasaki the impression prevails that the
project is assured beyond reasonable
doubt. . .
Prisoners Recaptured.
BEATTLK, Jan. 21.— Five out of the
eight prisoners who escaped from the
United States transport" Grant at Hong
kong have been recaptured, according to
the Shanghai - Mercury, copies of which
reached Seattle to-day.-. Two of the pris
oners were captured by the guard a short
time after their successful break for Hb
ertj\ The - remaining six scattered, but
the chase • was so persistent that three
were run down among the rocks near
Kennedytown. Seeln» that the last hops
had fled; they surrendered and were re
turned to their floating prison.
1 ' '-_¦». — '—r'
Unknown Man Killed. .
SANTA BARBARA,* Jan." 2L-An un
known ex-employe of the Southern Pa
cific construction ' camps, waa found man
gled on the track near Solano Creek north
of Lompoc this morning. The accident
occurred some time during the night The
body wu terribly ¦ mangled and life had
been extinct many hours. *. ; >: ..-. '
XT —
JNew President of the Southern Pacific
Informs Los Angeles Merchants
That He Will Be Glad to Meet Them
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 21. — The question of extend
ing to Belvedere the . right to purchase
tld« lands under the law of eminent do
rcaln was threshed out before the Senate
mittees Report Favorably on
the Measure.
Eenate and Assembly Judiciary Com-
TO GIVE BELVEDERE
CONTROL OF TIDE LANDS
The resolution provides that there shall
be eighty delegates, one from each -As
sembly district, who must have the same
qualifications and be elected in tbe came
manner as Assemblymen. The result of
•h* election 5hall bo reported to the Sec
retary of State, and within three months
aftpr the convention snail be neld. It is
provided In the resolution that the dele
f-atcs shall continue Jn session until the
uork of revision shall have been com
pleted. They are allowed to appoint what
ettaches they think proper and to fix
their salaries and each delegate shall get
SS a day during the convention, besides
the mileage allowed an Assemblyman.
In his resolution Melick provides, first,
that at the next general election there
thall be submitted to the people of the
State two questions: "For a constitutional
convention" and "Against a constitutional
convention." Should the question be car
ried, he provides that the Governor shall
announce that fact to the Legislature and
the Legislature shail proceed to arrange
for an election of delegates to the con
vention.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 21.— Melick has introduced
In the Assembly a concurrent resolution
providing for the calling of a constitu
tional convention to revise the constitu
tion of the State.
Ideiick Introduces Besolution to Sub
mit the Matter to Vote of the
People.
Brown of ¦ San Maieo said he could Bee
no good reason why the old rule, permit
ting repeated references of bills to free
conferences, should be changed. He un
derstood it to be the method followed In
Congress and most legislative bodies, and
was the only way to prevent desirable
bills from being killed In the free confer
'T.ce.
Ftewart of Arnador. Macbeth. Cow
an, Fellz. Treadwell . and Melick op
posed the amendment. Treadwell
taifi it constituted the free conference a
killing committee, and while he was in
favor of many measur*>6 being given pain-
Jess and speedy death he was not In favor
cf a rule that would take away from
members the opportunity to exercise their
own judgment on a bill, giving the free
conference the power to say that a. bill
Dust pass in a certain form or not at all.
Dunlap and Schlesinger argued that the
ru!e and the Fenate amendment were
rr.«?*nt to expedite business and prevent
persistent members from keeping meas
ures indefinitely before the Assembly or
E^nate at a cost of delay In other legisla
tion. The Senate amendment was voted
down by an overwhelming vote,
James offered an amendment to section
23 of the joint rules as reported by the
'oir.t committee by the addition of the
words "but tLe conferees may be dis
charged and new conferees appointed, or
the report may be resubmitted to the
ecme conferee*." The amendment, which
in effect restores the old rule, was adopt
ffl, and the jomt rules as amended were
adopted. Th* amended rules must now go
to th* Senate for consideration.
Speaker Pendleton announced his ap
pointments to places on committees made
vacant by the <:eath of Assemblyman Col
lins. They are as follows: Special com
mittee to consider portions of Governor's
messagp rclatijig to the University of
California and Stanford University. Myers
of Tulare ar.d King; Fish and Game, to be
chairman. Higby of San Benito. and to
the vacant membership. Hassan of
Orange; Coun:y Boundaries. -Broughton
of Los Ar.geles; Public Buildings and
Grounds. McWade of Alameda; Roads and
Highways. Milice of Riverside: Judiciary.
Irish of Lassen, Plumae and Sierra.
CALL HEAJDQtrARTERS. BACRA
MEXTO, Jan. 2L— The Assembly refused
at it* Beselon this morning to accept the
section of the Joint rules which makes
the report of the free conference final.
An amendment waa adopted Hvhich pro
vides for the rcsubmission of a report to
the free conference or the appointment of
new free conferees, at the pleasure of the
body receiving the report.
The Question came up on the considera
tion of a Senate message conveying the
Senate amendment making the delegation
of power to the free conference even more
explicit than In the original report of the
joint committee on rules, specifying that
the report of the free conference "hall be
f.r.al and shall be accepted as such.
Adopts an. Amendment Providing for
the Eesnbmission of
Exports.
ASSEMBLY KNOCKS OUT
FBEE CONFERENCE RTTU3
LOS ANGELES, Jaa. 12.— Charles M. Hay*.
President of Southern Pacific Company, Saa
F"rancisco— Dwu- Sir: Tb» Jobber*' Association
or L.:-s Ar_r»".e*. an organization containing
«9 per cest or the principal wholesale houses
«nd manufacturing concern* that are patrons
However, he has jriven assurance that
he will hear both sides of the case, and
that is more than the other officials did.
Their ears were deaf uhen the Los An
geles side of the matter was presented.
Following is the correspondence referred
to:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 21.— President
Charles M. Hays of the Southern Pacific
has made the repeated statement that he
Intended to treat all points and localities
along the line with fairness. sThe news
was received with great favor by Los An
geles merchants, and particularly by the
body known as the Los Ar.geles Traffic
Association. Engraved Indelibly on their
memory is the recent reception at the
hands of Vice President J. C. Stubbs and
Traffic Manager William Sproule when
the members of the committee asked for
a consideration of the freight rate dis
crimination against Los Angeles to San
Joacuin points. No eatisfaction was given
the committee, and the members were
rives to understand that the Southern Pa
cific -would make no changes in the rate
¦chedule, which now gives San Francisco
Jobbers the preference over Los Angeles
to all common p/lnta.
Wliat has happened E'.r.ce Is a matter or
record. The Los Angeles Traffic Associa
tion appealed to the only power which
could help it In the matter— the State
Railroad Commission. That body is gen
er&Ilr supposed to be friendly to the
Southern Pacific Company, and its ded
eica Is not awaited with any great degree
of confidence by the Los Angeles Jobbers.
But times have changed in the Southern
Pacific world. The reception accorded vis
itor* at the general oSees in the old days
la eaid to have given Tray to an air of
fenuine warmth since President Hays' in
cumbency.
Emboldened bv these stories from San
Francisco, the Traffic Association wrote
Mr. Hays a courteous letter, requesting:
>iiwi to confer with it on the matter o:
rate discrimination, and he^ livine up to
tha title he earned on the Grand Trunk—
"the Little Gentleman"— wrote a no less
'courteous reply, in which he grants th»
request. President Hxys may not have
the power to adjust the matter to tlie
entire satisfaction of Los Angeles, for. as
he said in his Interview while in this city.
••I will endeavor to treat all districts
without discrimination, but." he added
with a smile, "there is oftentimes quite a
difference of opinion on what constitutes
/••¦rr'n-inatlon."
PEOPLE OF SOUTH
INVITE MR. HAYS
TO A CONFERENCE
THE RAN FEMCISCO CALL,; TUESDAYVr JANUARY 22, 1901.
MRS. WHINNEAN, AGED AND DESTITUTE,
IS FOUND DYING GOLD AND HUNGER
AGED WOMAN' AS SHE WAS FOUND LYING UPON HER PALLET IN, THE MISERABLE QUARTERS SHE
CALLED HER HOME, NEGLECTED BY HER SON, WITH INSUFFICIENT BED CLOTHING TO KEEP HER
WARM AND NO FOOD. '
¦ » • :'
5
Neglected by Her. Degraded 'Son, Shunned
by All Her Neighbors, Who Believe
She Is a Miser, the Unfortunate
Lies Awaiting Death.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j||l|EARX ERS
tromtrefy coredt toy tbese
lAttlo Pills.
also r*&ve Distxess&oro X>jTpep±U
frerHgestJcri ant* Too Hearty lEattng. A per*
feet rexntdy fcr Dizziness. Nansea, Drowsi*
ness, Bad Tasted tne ttouth, Coairxl Tomjrv.*
Patoin the Side, TORPID UVER. Ttc7
Rrsruiate ilife £owci3. Purely Vegetable ,
S? nail PHI. Small Oose*
iSmaCPrtce-''
_ _
RETIRING
From Business
On Account of 111 Health.
Th» entire high grado shoe stock of Richard
Pahl. 324 Kearny street, will be sold for less
than wholesale cost.
$3 00 Ladles' Shoes for $2.O<>
$2 50 Ladies' : Shoes for SS1-*1O
Lad»«« f Plain Toen Vlcl 3."»c
, Misses' and Children's. 25c. BOe and T."»e.
! W. I*. Douglas' Shoes reduced 15 per cent.
All MEN'S SH0ESJ3REATIY REDUCED.
/?. PAHL,,
3^-4- Kearny Street.
I Bo You Get
1 What You Ask For?
Do Ton Knovr when yon drtak
(so-called) Vichy from Hypbou*
or fxtnn tbe Sod* FmiDUiu. V hat
You Do. Sot Oct VJr.liy?
j 1 THE ONLY NATURAL
*Oichy Water
IS IMPORTED IN B0TTLE5.
Prom VICKY. France.
AiJ^onnEa watxm b«*riB«rth» n«!wTlel» ,
are worthrlesa stxbstttaias.
A S UPC RB TABLE WATER
wfcb ewMigU Nttnral iVtedkioal Prop«r.
(a Um to AJD DJzojUuo mmd CVttB aUitU-
! orders el the Stomach. '¦
?t-aSflrst-cfcus Draxzbts, Motels. Cafes.
6enenl *gr r ""T. 320 Bxoadwax. IT. T.
MEN df*^\
WHO . fr^n
PAYING THE PENALTY
Of youthful errors, excesses, etc.,
should
CONSULT DR. SWEANY
and be converted into a sound, vigor-
ous MAN. Perfected mail treatment
for th* positive ear* of country pa-
tients. Let traveling and other doc-
tors alone.
737 Market Street. San Francisco.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Gran-SolTenVaissolTes Stricture like snow s«-
Bfatb the «nn, reduce* Enlarged fmuue aal
itrenftbens tHe SeuUpal Ducts, stoppln* Drains an4
Kmluloiu In Fifteen Days.
No drugs to rnln the stomach, but » direct local
and posiure application to tbe entire uretbral trac%
Gran-SoWent Is not a llqnld. It Is prepared !¦
tbe form of Crajons or Pencils, smooth ana aexlal*
tad so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tfte St. James As«n.. Box 83«. Cincinnati, O- baa
¦repared at Brent expense an exhaust- r n J" r I
rwfilastrateu Treatise upon the male L U L L |
«r»t«m. which tw wlU send to any ¦ ,]r J" ¦
Bale applicant. ¦ •¦"•¦¦ ¦
V. I* •*-< iCsV 25O ELM ST.,
M. JAJ1EJ A3311., Cincinnati, Ohio.
WSk ¦"¦MB™ • «»ii ¦•• KV — -
Cfc-l «; .TL? B IKla. TEf Jiff A*fe T£3
9 l i fa ¦jsa nfl nfl «\ | oljH
C Ifl . H I H BDB KS BMai D H mmaBm
KS"T™ 1 J' 'f •*^5 ; t9 cancot b« cured by
%3Stti**f. S S&f&r *al v e 9 . lotions, coai-
}iSMi£*&!$if°^fi£3y' non trussas. or
ft-^^yjns^^i!!^^ "Quack" operations.
II — '^n£5£C S| '"DR- P1EKCE"S MAGNETIC
B /BlK ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
a /&\ ferent It dees the worKI
f £ff \ jar "BOOKLET NO. 1" give*
full information. Call or writ*
for It.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
- 62O Market it. (opp. Psiac* Hotel). 3. T.
DB. HAIL'S RElNYlG0RAT0R»£3rag
Five hundred reward for any eiW *S?
case we cannot cure. This secrtt ¦>¦¦ «**C
remedy stepe all losses In 24 hour*. Q 7
cure* Emissions. Impotence. Vart- tZ73 5L
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. fJJfl iVTI
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all IfagJ fc*-^
wasting effects cf self-abuse or fcjSI t«
exceeseii. Sent sealed, $2 bcttle: I r.t&mrtra
bottlea. IS: tnaranteed to cure any case. -Ad-
SreiTs HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. «i»
Broadway Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1373-,
Market «t. & F. All prlrat* diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. ,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
S's a'gpjeat restorative, invigora-
tor and Nervine.
Tbe most > wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for tbe Sejrual Organs, for both sexes.
Tbe Mexican Remedy for Diseases of theKM-
neys and Bladder. 2ells on It* own merits.
¦¦•-¦•¦ NABER, ALTS & BRUN^X Agent*.
' 123 Market at, S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
)r I • YOU CAN GET A 'SHINE
*==-A r-3 FROM A BOOTBLACK FOR A NICKEL
I ZJ9 I Imitations of the IVehbach Mantle last ¦
<&j8§GBssk WmV^ anc * are wor *k no more - If you want a
HBB-l JfiS' " WELSBACH LIGHT
P|^PHPK\^! WELSBACH COMPANY
mjljf -J^WWg^^jy 138-140 EIHs Street, and all dealers. 1"Yes; every now; and thenh&lets go a
good Job,-, just to . see " what ..will . happen
next."— Chicago Record. '. ¦ , ;
".What an abnormal for knowl
edge* your son peems to;have."\ /
% k° s Angeles insists that itshall "not be deprived of
competition in its" telephone service: ;.-The city' must bV
striving; to." be- pkice^:; in.. the ; - position^ of theVworm
which •turned even-! if it died. -
' A '"San Jose .woman has sued her mother-in-law for
damages on the score of cruelty, and New YorkJias
one who: insisted upon being- the head of a houseflbla
for thirty: years. > Such 1 an assault upon two of ' ihi
most cherished -privileges of the : sterner' sex ought to
suggest so'mething in the* nature of protection.' \
WASHINGTON, Jan.; 21. v — Mr. 'and' Mrs.
Lobel of San Francisco are at the Met
ropolitan; Sidney Parlser of San Jose is at
the Cochran. ;K ¦' .
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
An appeal has been made for an appropriation of
$4000 for an ice machine for the Mendocino County
asylum for the insane. The directors probably 'feel
the need of a counter irritant after their recent heated
discussions and sultry denunciation of one another.
Developments in the Walden scandal and the
threat of what is to come have probably convinced
some of our local merchants that the cheapest way
in which to buy San Quentin jute bags is not-Ulways
for the lowest price % . - v
The astute gentleman, who wants to, make it a
misdemeanor for any one to steal electricity in this
State might have included hot stoves-. in' the, protected
articles and completed the job^ * .••/-¦[" t-
Prominent English statesmen are Expressing un
qualified fear of American trusts: It is a matter of
congratulation that in one opinion at least we. can be
heartily in accord with' our English friends.
So:ne complaint is -made, and -we respect those
whe make it and. share their, motive; that the bill
requires; only one-fourth of, the crews ;of subsidized
ships to be American citizens. We "stand ready, if^the
bill become. law, to " hail \ the appearance' under t it of
American ships with a sliding scale amendment which
When the Jaw diverts that vast sum from alien to
American ship-owners its ultimate distribution will
be to the same classes in this country. Economists
have long observed that Americans have lost their sea
faring tendency. Even in our navy native American
sailors are perhaps in the minority." If the law to re
store shipping absolutely required that our merchant
marine shall employ only American sailors the policy
wculd be blocked ''at the beginning '.because "of 'the
dearth of American sailors'. Every good citizen looks
forward to the time' when American ships wiili be
manned by seamen who are American citizens. ?.But
we must first have the ships. This explami why the
pending measure is primarily devoted to getting/ the
ships. The American seaman, has on his- side' the
overwhelming • American feeling, 1 which is the : final
cause of. the proposed legislation,^ and [will* protect
h:s interests as stoutly as it will those of American
thip-builders. , v , ;
The $160,000,000 paid last year to foreign ship
owners for. carrying American freight to its market
went to the profits of those ship-owners and to the
wages of foreign sailors and ship-builders, marine
underwriters and architects. -
IN such constructive legislation as, is required^to re-
Store American shipping it js. not reasonable to
expect that perfection can be_ reached at once!
The purpose .of the law may not -be all accomplished
at once. But \i should not be forgotten that it ia
easier to amend a law when a part of the statutes
than to pass it in the first. place.
SEAMEN AND SHIP SUBSIDY.
The automatic, working of such a system*of teleg
raphy is undoubtedly one - of , the most promising
features of the new invention/' A ; ship equipped with
a proper receiving 'instrument would be .warned the
moment; she approached a dangerous' headland; and
; if she were also supplied with a transmitting.instru
ment it would be easyfor her captain; to. at once com
municate with the'shore in /case 1 ' his vessel, were in
need of '.help.}- Wireless telegraphy, ¦ it will be"! seen,
I is not- only ''coming fast,; but is coming from many.
[.directions and in many ' forms. :
It is but a short time since we had occasion
to note the improvements made in the system by
German experimenters, showing that in some respects
they were in advance of anything that Marconi him
self has achieved It is now to benoted thatiBritish
inventors have also added much to the utility of the
system. -It appears by reports from English technical
journals that Colonel Hozier and Professor Ma'skelyne
have devised an automatic system of wireless teleg
raphy designed to warn ships of their approach to
danger, v .-.¦ "T '';¦!(;';
Descriptions, given; of the invention aVe. to the
effect that a: station is established at dangerous points
on shore, and an automatic . transmitting instrument
is 'put' into operation" whereby electrical pulsations
are sent forth into the atmosphere, spelling out the
name of the" headland or rock upon" which the'instru
ment is placed. -Any ship approaching within a radius
of twenty miles 'would receive, these signals 'instan
taneously upon an instrument which; is always ready
to respond to' the ethereal waves, and is /silent at all
other times. . : . '¦ '•>
WIRELESS telegraphy i3 passing from one de
gree of efficiency to another^ with a rapidity
. which proves that in the progress of inven
tion the'present century is going to keep up the pace
of the last years of the nineteenth, and probably sur
pass it. ¦- -:.-.- : ::
AUTOMATIC WIRELESS SIGNALS.
In round numbers the population of th* 1
United States is now TT.OuO.OOO as against
5.30S.000 in 1800, and the per cent of in
crease is 1432. The highest per cent of In
crease shown by any other nation is 174
in Russia, and England stands third in
the list with a per cent of 139.— Kansas
City Journal.
Totals 163.C0.T36 rO.OS.000 126.0
,, Lynn Austin. formerly clerk at the Bald
win "Hotel and for ; some ; time ; past with
the Palace, Hotel," has resigned to accept
the position of head clerk at the Califor
nia. '• 'He begins his new duties, to-day,
succeeding < Mr. i Benbough,' who ¦ goes on
the nlghf shift In] place , of Frank Smith,
.who .-has ! accepted a position in Honolulu.
Mr. ''Austin has a | host of friends who will
wish him 'success" In his new position/ ' •¦>
E. W. Thompson,' assistant general pas
senger agent of the Chicago, Rock Island
and Pacific at Topeka; T/J. Clark, gen
eral agent of the passenger department of
the same rbad'at'Los Angeles, and A. E,
Cooper, general agent of the Rock Island
passenger department at Portland, are In
the city. , V- ¦:-':¦-; ---;-. .-¦--- -. - :- .
- N. Gray, agent of one of the big Alaska
commercial companies, is at the Occi
dental with his wife. He reports some
thrilling 'experiences while- en route for
this city, he and his wife having been
twice shipwrecked.
.H. Frodsham. for the past ten years
passenger/agent of the Chicago and
Northwestern Railroad in this city, has
resigned and will enter, the oil business. :
T. M. , Schumacher, general freight
agent of the Union Pacific In thlsclty,'
has returned from a month's business
trip I*iat. . --^V - -
Mrs. James R. Morton, who has large
real estate Interests in Tulnre, has taken
apartments at the California for
weeks. Vi2©&£Ji£ng38£S
Colonel L.' P. Wrlcht of the customs de
partment at Nome, is registered at the
Occidental. ,
C. ' A. Johns, a prominent Baker City
(Ore.)' attorney, is at the Occidental with
his wife. ¦ ¦"• .. ¦•'¦•-/ \. • ". ; ¦•¦•;
C. P. Savio of Italy is at the Palace.
John Hale, a Portland contractor, is at
the Lick.
Rev. C. S. LJnsley of Sonora is at the
Occidental.
J.-., B. . Stubbs and wife of Portland are
at the. Grand. .
Captain A. Campbell of London is at
the Occidental.'. _ ; >
Frank H. Short, an attorney of Fresno,
is at the Palace.
Judge G.~ M. Nicol and wife of Sonora
are a C^ the Occidental.
James A. Chanslor, a Los Angeles oil
man, Is at the Palace. -
J. C. Spencer, a New York capitalist, is
at the Palace with his wife.
William D. Wheelwright of Portland^
Ore., is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
.CHESS-PLAYER— W. F.. City. An au
thority on chess-players says: "Paul Mor
phy, • who beat Anderson -by «uch a de
cisive majority of games,, la considered by
many competent judgrf. and probably
.with truth. . to have been the stronsest
chess-player 1 that ever Hved.V The great
chess-players : since .".that rank according
to .the -St. Petersburg chess tournament
of 5 lS93 as follows: - Lascar, Steinmitz.
and 'Pillsbury. • Of 'the -latter It is said
that "he/ is - 1 regarded • by many as the
nearest approach to Paul Morphy.'* .
PROFESSIONAL x RAT-CATCHER— A.
W., City. More; than twenty years ago
there came to this city, a professional rat
catcher, from the East who was specially
engaged by.v the then proprietor of th©
American Exchange on Sansome street,
between California and Sacramento, to
clear the cellar of rats. This man's pe
culiarity ' was that he attracted the rats
to him and had no difficulty in capturing
every, one in sight He was also engaged
to clean out a rat-ridden ship In the bay.
This department cannot furnish his name.
MUTILATED SILVER-Sdbscrlber. Irv
ington, Cal. The United States mint will
not "redeem a single silver piece with a
hole in it, - allowing' the amount of it*
value, less the amount taken out by drill
ing." The mint will receive mutilated
coin in specified sums, and give for the
same the market value of the metal.
member of Congress. He was a member
or the-Fif ty-nf th Congress and his term
expired March 4, 1S99.
John R. Walsh, manager'* of the West
ern News Company, is still living in Chi
cago, p
CHICAGO MEN-G. D. C, City. George
E. "White "ot Chicago, 111., is not now a
BAKERSF1EL.D— F. M.. City. The pop
ulation . of Bakersfleld. Kern County, is
given as 4,400,- but this is not according
to the latest census. The principal re
sources of the immediate vicinity of Ba
kersfleld are stock-raising, farming, fruit
and oil wells.
PRINCESS CHIMAT— A. S.. City. Prin
cess Chlmay was Clara Ward, the daugh
ter of a r>etrolt, Mich., millionaire. If
you will gro to the Free Public Library
you will find In the periodical room a num
ber of articles about the Princess.
KAHN AND ASHE—H. V., City. The
vote for Congressman Kahn was 17,111,
for Porter Ashe the vote was 11.742. In
the contest In which James G. Maguire
and Thomas B. O'Brien were candidates
the former received 19,074 and the latter
10,940.
PRESIDENT ' McKINLET-A. S.. Oak
land, Cal. President McKlnley was born
fct Niles, Trumbull County, O., January
29, IS 13. The' maiden name of Mra. Ida
McKlnley, his wife, was Saxton.
GIANT POWDER— G. C. B., Sonora,
Cal. Giant powder was first manufac
tured in San Francisco by Judson & Co.
in a building in a ravine oft the Mission
road, west of St. Mary's College. In the
latter part of 1867 or early part of 1S68.
JACOB BOBART— E. F., Clty.\ Jacob
Bobart, who wrote "Count that day lost
whose low descending sun views from thy
hand no worthy action done," was a na
tive of England, born Jin 1599; died In 1680.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES,
THE3 SWISS ARMT— C. T. S., City.
Every citizen of the Republic of Switz
erland has to serve In the Swiss Army.
STEVE BRODIE— A. S.. City. H'.evo
Brodie, the brldeejumper, ' Is still living.
This morning's dispatches report hiyi ill
at San Antonio; Tex. I
It is well that the cattle men have gone by them
selves, to let the country know that the conclusions
of the convention on these subjects are not those of
the entire . livestock interest, but of the sheep men
alone. The cattle, horse and swine interests require
the preservation of the forests, the maintenance of
moisture and the extension of irrigation, and therein
?.re in line with enlightened public sentimentand the
best conclusions of economic science.
Another demand was made by the aggressive sheep
men. This was to the effect that forest reserves be
confined to the actual large timber. The Black Mesa,
in Arizona, is covered by a dense chaparral, which pre
vents evaporation and preserves moisture, and for
these purposes has been made a forest reserve. There
are other regions like it in Arizona and New Mexico.
If these covered localities are open to sheep they are
gradually stripped of their cover by fire, which pro
duces open space for grass during one or two sea
sons, when the land becomes so dry that all growth
ceases. If this process be practiced the aridity of the
plains below is increased, the streams are alternately
torrential and dry, the deep springs cease to flow and
the country is permanently injured.
The cattle men, in view of the situation, refused to
be an\- longer submerged in the National Association
controlled by the nomads, and therefore formed and
organized the American Cattle-growers' Association,
which will meet in Denver in March- Their temper
as to the forest reserves was shown in their executive
committee, which proposed to take immediate steps
to prevent the grazing of the reserves. In this they will
have the i-ympathy and support of the irrigators and
ali classes and organizations which desire to preserve
the forests and conserve the waters of the arid region.
It is apparent from the reports that the nomadic
sheep men who own iittle or no land but wander with
their flocks over hundreds of miles of range prac
tically dominated the convention, and not only fought
to prevent preservation of the public range by lease
hold control, but also, in view of the rapid exhaustion
of that range by sheep, demanded that its loss be sup
plemented by opening to them the reserves.
AX unpleasant impression has been caused bj' the
demand of the convention of the National
Livestock Association that the forest reserva
tions be thrown open to grazing by stock. This im
pression is all the more unpleasant because the de
mand means that the reserves be opened to sheep
alone. Cattle will not graze where sheep are or have
been. In effect the sheep have already driven the cat
tle off the grass and sage ranges of the plains. The
cattle men have but little command of the open
range and are much confined to the use of land which
they own. They are opposed to grazing the forest
reserves because it means destruction of their water
sources. It is fair to say that this objection is com
mon also to the sheep men who own land and con
fine their flocks to their holdings.
SHEEP IN FOREST RESERVES.
Of course the pension is small. It is but $50 a
month, and the country is rich. As in the case of so
many pensions of an almost similar nature, it appears
mean and stingy to oppose it. None the less the fact
remains that a line should be drawn somewhere in
the pension policyof the Government, while it seems
to be the intention of Congress to draw no line at
all but to leave the field open for claims of all kinds.
Unless public opinion force a check upon 'the ten
dency now so marked we shall eventually have a
civil pension list that will be something of a national
scandal. '* -
No one in the United States can have any personal
antagonism to the proposed pensioner. He is doubt
less a worthy man who is now old and infirm and re
quires support in his old age. Conceding all that the^
objection remains^hat the people of the United
States have not yet adopted a policy of providing life
pensions for the aged. Mr. Davis had as fair a chance
to save a competence for his declining years as most
other men in this country. The distinguished son
had ample opportunities during his life to provide
for his father just as other sons do. It is therefore
an unfair thing, to tax the mass of the American peo
ple to provide a pension of that kind.
It is to that extent, however, the Senate has just
gone in passing a bill providing a life pension for
Horatio N. Davis, whose sole title to support from
the Government is that, he is the father of the late
Senator Davis of Minnesota.
ANOTHER PENSION PRECEDENT.
WHEN Congress provided, a pension for Con
gressman Boutelle of Maine by placing him or.
the retired list of the navy there was consid
eral disapproval on the part of the public. It was felt
that the action established a bad precedent in pen
sion legislation, and that out of it might eventually
grow a custom of providing pensions for all rioted
Congressmen on retiring from' active life. At that
time it was never suspected there might be a still fur
ther extension of the pension courtesies of the two
houses, and that we should see life pensions provided
for men who had no other claim than that of being
a relative of a Congressman.
That is the right view to take of the subject, and
if the New York Yacht Club take any other it will
be' less American and less sportsmanlike than Sir
Thomas Lipton. In a contest of this kind the motto
should be, "Let the best yacht win." All comers
should have a fair chance.
, These are purely international races. The English peo
ple do not care what English designer wins so long as
England wins, and so I Judge it to be with the American
people. The yacht which defends the cup does so on be
half of the whole seventy-five millions of people and not
on behalf of the individual owner or designer. "What we
all want Is genuine, true and sportsmanlike contests.
I am sending over the best yacht England can produce,
and I want to meet the best yacht America can produce.
In this connection it is worth noting that Sir
Thomas Lipton is reported, when asked what he 1
thought of the subjec:, to have stated that he would
not like to take the cup back to Great Britain with
the knowledge he had not won it from the best
American yacht. He went on to 'say:
Which of the two views is technically correct may
be a debatable question, but there can be little differ
ence of opinion concerning the two points involved in
it: First, that the New York Yacht Club should at
once decide the question and give notice so as to save
expense to men who are now building yachts in the
expectation of being permitted to compete; second,
that the cup ought to be' defended by the best yacht
America can produce. AH American yachtsmen
should ha\;e a fair chance to win the honor of de
fending it. . -v
; As the challenged body, the New. York Tacht Club
may be in a position to say, If desired, that the defense
of ..the .trophy lies solely in its hands, the honors to be
confined to its own members. On the other hand. It has
been shown that the club holds the cup as temporary
trustee under the terms . originally expressed by its
donors, that it should remain "as a perpetual challenge
cup for friendly competition between foreign countries."
It has been argued that the words "between foreign
countries" suggest that each competing country should
be represented in the best possible way, and that a lim
ited defense which should not exhaust the whole of the
country's inventive talent was thus forbidden.
Lately the affair has been complicated by the
appearance of another set of yacht builders who de
sire the honor of defending the cup against Lipton.
The New York Tribune presents the two sides cf
the question in this form:
the: cup and the club.
SOME time ago we directed attention to a con-_
troversy^in the"^ East over the question whether •
any person- outside "of the New York Yacht
Club has a right to^enter a yacht as a. competitor for
the honor of defending the America's cup against the
challenger, Sir Thomas Lipton. .The question arose
from the fact that Mr. Lawson of Boston is building
a yacht for that purpose, and it has been suggested
that should his yacht win he^ will hold the cup an i
take it to Boston. To that the New YorkYach:
Club objected and the issue has been a matter of
controversy ever since.
TUESDAY JANUARY 22, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor. #
Itimi 111 Ccacccicitiecs to W. S. LEASE, Kuuger.
WAitAKKB^ OFFICE. . .... . Preaw gf>4
PUBLICATION* OFFICE... Market and Third, S. V.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preaa 2O3.
I Delivered •»¦»• Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Stnirle Copies. S .Cent*.
Term* hr Mad. Inclndlnar Foatauret
DAILY CaLTj flBctadlnc Sunday). cc» year..!.... tt.M
DAIL.T CALX. <!nclnd»nr Funday). ( months... f.W
DAILY CALL flnelndl&c Sunday). I month* l.M
DAILY CAULr-By Flncle Month...........'. «e
FCNDAT CALL. On* Year..'.....;....;.: .*. *•»
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1-*
All poatmaslera are anthorlsed to recelre
«oli»(T)pllon».
6»icp!» ecplea wlU be forwarded Then requested.
If*!! «rVerlber» in *>rdeHti«; ehan*» ef nflflrww »houM S»
particular to r!v* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In -order
to incur* a prempt and correct ccfbpllanc* with their request.
OAKLAKD OFFICE 1118 Broad tray
C. CEORCE KROGiraSS.
Ytxtgtr Foreign Atrttiltizg, Kirfcetta BsiUinr, Chicago,
<Lcee DlEtaace Telephone "Central 26U.**>
1CKW YORK CORRESPONDENT: . ¦ V>.
C c CAKLTO.V Herald Square
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
«TEPUE.\ U. S31ITII 8O Tribune Dntldlns
JCETW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -A rtoria Botel; A. Erectaao, C Uttloa Efeuax*;
Marray Kill Hotel. ' »•
CHICAGO TfEWS STANDS t
Efcermaa I! cv.tr: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
rrrmo&t House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHI\CTO\ <Tt. O OFFICE. . . .1400 G St, If. W.
K0HTO.\ C. CRAVE. Correspondent.
CRATCn OFFICES— O7 Montgomery, corner of Clay. ©p«n
ect!I f:39 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until t:M o'clock. (9
McAllister. cr*n until t:K> o'clock, ei! Lark'.a. open unMl
rro c* clock. 1)41 Mission. op«n until 10 o'clock. r>Cl Market,
ecrr.er Sixteenth, open until > o'clock. 1CM Valencia, open
cntll • o'clock. 10t Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW. cor
cer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until • o'clock.
Holland 2.7W.CCO 5.10O.0OO «.<>
Sweden 2.1S9.00O 5.000.000 131.0
Norway SS4.0CO 2.U0.00O 143.0
Denmark 9:5,ooo 2.3io.00O 154.0
Switzerland 2.332.U) 3.1J0.0OO 32.3
Spain 10,351.000 W.0OO.0OO 83.3
Portugal .". 3.630,000 5.50O.0C& 52.0
Belgium ..-. 3.7SO.00O fi.673,0OO 76.0
While of course the United States has
outstripped all the nations of the earthy
In every department of growth during th-i
past century, it must not be supposed
that Europe has failed to show remark
able advancement. In the matter of pop
ulation. It will be Interesting to note the
condition of the different nations at the
beginning of the last century and now,
as is done in the following table prepared
by Henry Clews:
United Kingdom 15.4S3.993 40.500.000 1S>'.9
France 27.S49.003 S9.000.000 4«.O
Germany E.000,000 53.WO.000 145.0
Russia, in Europe.... 43. 173. C00 110.000.000 174. 1
Austria-Hungary .... 1S.00O.0CO 43.700.000 143.0
Italy 17.3SO.OOO S4.000.0CO 95.0
Poor Princes.
Labouchere'9 London Truth notes as a
new departure that neither Prince Henry,
who is to marry Queen Wllhelmina of the
Netherlands, nor the Duke of Calabria,
who Is to marry the Princess of- the Aa
turlas. Is to have a civil list allowance.
Fortunately, the allowance 13 not needed
In either case, as the royal brides are am
ply able to supply their future husbands
with all the spending money they need.—
Chicaeo Tribune.
If Jackson Were Alive.
Representative Murphy perpetrated an
"Irish bull" the other day when h* told
some of his brother members that "if An
drew Jackson were alive to-day he would
be glad he was dead." Undoubtedly, if
the soul of Jackson can take cognizance
of the condition of the Democratic party
to-day. It is jdad that that which was its
mortal tenement is not here to fume anil
fret over the follies of men who profess t<j
be Democrats.— St. Louis Star.
Value of College Sports.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler's en
thusiasm over college athletics Is fully
Justified by the facts. It Is undoubtedly
true that "athletics have done a very
great deal for our college men." that they
do supplement mental culture with a
necessary physical culture, and that It
Is the element of sport and competition
that gives them their value. No amount
of merely perfunctory exercise would fur
nish an adequate substitute.— Chicago
Times-Herald.
Knighted Americans.
"Sir" Hiram Maxim sounds strangely.
Sir Hiram's efficient machine runs, used
In South Africa, won him his knighthood.
Some surprise has been expressed by
Americans In London that ho should ac
cept a title, fof he has always been a fer
vent and spretd-eagle type of patriot and
declared frequently that the "United
States was good enough for him." Queen
Victoria, during her reign, has knighted
three Americans. The first was Curtis
Miranda Laropson, a native of Vermont,
who was made a baronet In 1S66 in token
of his services in connection with the lay
ing of the Atlantic cable. Sir Ellis Ash
mead Bartlett, a brother of Burdett
Coutts, M. P., and a native of Plymouth.
Mass., was knighted In 1392.— Pittabur?
Chronicle-Telegraph.
German Pensions.
We may get some notion of the great
liberality of our military pension legisla
tion by comparison of it with the propo
sition of the law which the German Impe-»
rial Government refused to sanction. Re
ce/itly in the Reich3tag a resolution to
amend the pension law so that every sol
dier of the wars of '64. . '63 and '70, by
which the German empire as it exists was
made possible, who is an invalid and un
able to support himself, would receive an
nually 120 marks (28 56). was debated. Rep
resentatives of all parties were favorable,
and censured the Government for its
neglect to provide pensions for the impov
erished men whose service had made the
nation secure and splendid. The sum pro
posed seems to us a mere pittance, but,
meager as it is. It is unlikely to be grant
ed. — Boston Herald.^
Tesla, the Proxniser.
Wizard Nikola Tesla is the great prom
lser In the science of astronomy. He is an
earnest and conscientious student, but his
weakness lies In the constant prophesy
ing of marvels that never materialize.
Just now he is convinced that he is about
to hold animated converse with the inhab
itants of Mars, and his admirers, who are
patient, are willing to give him every
chance to prove the correctness of his the
ories. Scientists of repute, to put it frank
ly, would have more faith In Mr. Tesla if
he accomplished more and talked a little
less. We should be Interested, for exam
ple. In knowing what M. Camllle Flam
marion, than whom a more wondrous as
trologer does not exist and who unites a
profound scientific knowledge with a most
exquisite and beautiful imagination,
thinks of Nikola Tesla. Interview him,
somebody.— Chicago Journal.
Century in Europe. •
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
We are making great and costljr strides in the build
ing of a mighty navy." No people has had a" navy
without- deep water commerce. , A glance at nav.il
statistics shows that the navies of nations are in pro
portion to their merchant marine. Carthage aroused
the fear and cupidity of Rome by putting a navy be
hind her merchant marine. The \Hanseatic League
supported its merchant ships with warships. In pur
suance.of the same law England has the greatest ex
isting merchant marine and the, greatest navy. Now
it will be a! folly and "a farce to spend hundreds of
millions in creating a great navy\ to sail around- the
world nowhere' saluting the American flag on a mer
chant, ship. " The two go together,: and the people
will soon tire of supporting a great navy unless they
have a proportionately great merchant marine.
As for the .general policy; of restoring American
shipping, the bill now before Congress proposes the
only logical course. The people . protection
as. the fairly , well settled policy of the country. - As
long as it is the- policy: there is no other way oi
sending to the world the ; surplus it • produces in
American . ships. . • .
increases the proportion of American sailors required
in the" crews. We want to restore the sea-going char
acter of the . American ? people which has strangely
lapsed. .;•' This"; country has more miles of sea and lake
coast and more of navigable rivers than any other
country in the world. Its people should find profit
able employment on river, lake and ocean. Partial
prosperity is no prosperity at all. Prosperity must
be general to be beneficial to a country. We want
no. plan that will. confine prosperity to classes. .In
this matter ship-builder, sailor "and ship-owner must
share and share alike, each in proportion to his con
tribution of brain and muscle.
As men everywhere have watched her ebbing life
they have felt that touch of nature which is in us all
at the spectacle of a family, sons and daughters,
grandchildren and great-grandchildren, in sorrow and
grief. As the glory of the world fades to her vision
it is not royalty that is passing — it is a mother, a
widow, dying. All the pomp and circumstance of
state, the insignia of royalty, the stamp of princely
dignity and display, are seen in their impermanencc
as but the mask and trappings of life's passing fashion,
and the sympathy and sorrow, the sentiment and tears,
are given in tribute to that character which she held
and honored in* common with : every good mother
who has felt the thrill of her first baby's kiss and has
shared with this mother, Queen and Empress all the
joys and sorrows that paint life's page with the chang
ing sunshine and shadows.
The world hailed and knew her as the Mother
Queen. Those who have read her published diary
have found in it no literary form to be praised, no
originality to be flattered, but they have respected the
mother spirit that makes its charm. \ .
She has been the one moral influence respected
by EuYopean royalty. Much criticized often for her
ideal of a vestal court, for her stern and inflexible
morality, yet in these respects she has stood for the
pure home everywhere, and high and humble all over
the globe have felt the high influence of her upright
example. Her" sons and daughters, after all but men
and women, have loved or feared the strength of her
morality, and while none can claim that the men of
her house have not deserved her displeasure, they
never ceased to dread it. The excesses of George IV,
in the court of her grandfather, have not been appar-
In part this has its origin in the respect of .the
world for womanhood. This was shown by the re
sentment of Irishmen when she was lampooned last
year by the Paris : press. -Though they were the
hereditary enemies of her dynasty and her nation,
the Irish heart remembered that she was a woman,
and its hot blod leaped in retaliation of the Gallic
insult. That England had a Queen instead of a King
has served that nation in many a crisis. The Chartist
agitation, the corn law riots, the home rule crisis and
the pinch and stress of war and tumult have all been
limited and bounded by respect for the clean skirts of
the woman who held the scepter. ;-..,,
But not before in more than a century has the
passing^of one stirred the sympathy of widely separ
ated peoples to an equal degree.
sentiment to the dead.
THE whole world is profoundly impressed dur T
ing the closing hours of the life of Victoria,' the
Queen and Empress. During her reigri Kings,
Czars and Emperors have passed away. Princes and
Presidents have fallen before the assassin. Nation*
have mourned their rulers, and far people have paused
for a moment in life's hard march to pay the tribute of
THE MOTHER QUEEN.
MR. POOGLES' NEW LEAF
Hand and Facial Studies in a January
' Catastrophe by ja Salt Lake
Herald Artist. ' •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY, 22, 190r.
¦Rowland-^-Why that vexatious look, me
t -Great .Tragedian— No, understudy. Tike
f ellow a took my ; plaoe so satisfactorily that
the manager^ Is thinking of . retaining: him
In, that role.— Chicago News. - 3gTH iwHM
6
Oakland Offlce-62 San Pablo Aveu
Office 1OO4. Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
A WELCOME CALLER.
Our delivery man is met with . smiles.
not with frowns, for what he presents
brings certain satisfaction to wife and
mother, husband and brother. In two
words: It's right! That applies to every
single article washed, starched and ironed
in this establishment. Modern appliances
and skillful handling tell the story.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts It
you order it. . .
No saw edsces.
The rivers of the Emerald Isle have gen-
erally a dark color, owlnff to the fact that
most of them at some point In tbelr course
flow through peat marshes or beds, which
impart a dark hue to the water, !
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver ills, biliousness, indigestion, constipation.'
Th« n«w Santa *"• train known as tb» Cali-
fornia Limited affords senrlc* very mucn supe-
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers.
New Santa Fe Train.
In the early days of this century many
efforts were made to fasten hard point*
to pens of softer material. Bits of metal
were often fastened as points to pens of.
glass, tortoise shell or horn.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by thd
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California place frott"«. 3V 1
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern irlendj.
C33 Market street. Palace Hotel buildlas. *
Wllgus oil burners; Office and salesroom
514A Mission street. Telephone John 2401 •
Choice candies. Townsend's.Palace Hotel. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Cclumb'.a— "TVay Down East."
Tlvoll— "The Fencing Master."
Central Theater — "Darkest Russia."
w California — "Becky Sharp."
OrjifiPum— Vau Seville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Moth and the Flatae."
AUianbra— "The St*r Boarder."
Alcazar— :"S»**t Lavender."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo aa<l Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ex'eninj;. r /
Fitcher's— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture by Rev. Peter C Yorke,
Thursday evenlnr, February "•
Tasfcraa Park— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Ey A. "W. Lorsfierbeek— This day. at 11 a. m. and 2 p. ra ,
Oriental Rug«. at BW. corner Geary and Stockton streets.
KP' * ¦& ' • COpy|(|Q|| m*TO SAIL.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted 7p*ter
day to Sadie U lack well from G«orr» it.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United : States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times i and Heights of High and . Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
A Champagne Eclipse.
Nothtnk equals the Imports In 1900 ot
MUMM'S'EXTRA DRY. 119.441 case», or
79,293 more than any other brand. Spe
dar attention is called to the remarkable
quality now imported. •
A free Illustrated lecture in the rooms
of the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, under the auspices of the Manu
facturers* and Producers' Association,
will be given by Mrs. Frona Waite Col
burn Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Lecture on Mexico.
California Limited.
No extra charge is made, for riding on the
California Limited of the Santa Fe, although
the superiority of the service is really worth
something more. . .'• • :•¦
NOTE— In tha above exposition of the tides
the early morning ttdea are given in th« left
hand column and the successive tides of the
Jay In the order of occurrence as to tlm<» of
day the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings en the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the- number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time BalL
Branch HydrogTaphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
January 21, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIX3.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
TUKSDAY. JANUARY M.
7. A board platform 12 feet wide Is to b«
built around a railway station 24 feet by SO
feet. If the lumber Is to be 1 Inch thick
how many feet will it take?
Answers.
Lesson No. XXXlII-(l) «50« 25. <2>
$3995. (3) 54740. (4) $3945. (3) $1202 84. (5)
$4400.
Lesson No. XXXIV— <I) 6S-3 feet. (?)
$33 60. (3) 21% feet. (4) 21,730 feet. (5)
5220 square Inches. («) 14 feet. (7) 30*3
feet.
Blackwell for desertion, and Ida A'tgolt
from Adolf Altffolt for fall ore to r r <5vide.
Suits for dlvorco were fiJed yesterdiy by
Eva I* BraufsM against William A.
Bradford for jraeltv. Kate A. Uesor©
against C. J. Beiore for cruelty. EdUh A.
Goldstein against Morris Goldstein for
failure to provide, .in-i E. May Fannln
against James H. Fannln for cruelty.
Bun rl»e» • ;l : %
Buu sets VXttrZT
Moon sets » :03 P-
5. How many square Inches are there or
the two sides of a board wh!ch Is 7 feet
3 Inches long by 2 feet 6 Inches wide?
6. A square yard is cut from a board S
feet long and IS inches wide. Finil th«
length of the remainder.
REPAIRS to vessels Injured In tho
recent southeaster are now
nearly completed, and some of
the ships and schooners are
' again ready for sea. The British
•hlr Flintshire Is remasted and will
sail for England again to-morrow. Her
yards and rigging are modeled after the
"Yankee" pattern, and If Is to be hopeu
that she will have better luck on her next
venture.
The Flintshire left here lost December
for Europe. Pilot Scott took her out and
when he was oft the Farallones It came
on to blow a hurricane. For a time It
looked as though the pilot was going to
be carried to Europe, but off l'ort Harford
the oil steamer George Loomis was sight
ed and the pilot put aboard her. Then
Captain Jones set his course for England.
Another storm came up. however, and a
eudden squall dismasted the ship. She
came back to Ban Francisco under a jury
rip and for the last month has been In the
hands of the riggers. The hull has been
liiapt-cted by Lloyd's representatives and
pronounced perfectly sound.
The remainder of the foreign fleet does
not appear to have fared as well as the
Flintshire. The Wraihaown, now out 113
days from Yokohama for Portland, is un
ir.surable. Even 93 per cent falls to tempt
the reinsurance gamblers. The Andrada,
from Santa Rosalia for Portland, which
showed up off. the Columbia River and
took a pilot aboard a montu ago, is now
being reinsured at a rate of 90 per cent.
The Bertha 1b now out ninety days from
Welhalwel for Astoria, and 85 per cent Is
being paid on her. The Otto Glldermelster
Is out sixty-eight days from Yokohama
for the Columbia River, and 85 per cent
Is being paid on her chances. The Castle
Rock Is eighty-eight days out from Hong
kong for Victoria, B. C. and the Cape
Wrath eighty days from Callao for Asto
ria. On both of them 85 per cent is beln;?
paid. The Cape Wrath was reported off
the Columbia River over a week ago, but
ehe disappeared, and the reinsurance on
her is again quoted.
The underwriters fear that all these ves
sels were caught in the great southeaster
and either driven out to sea or on borne
unfriendly shore.
SAYS IT "WAS A FLUKE.
Rosamond's Captain Explain* How
, He "Was Bsaten by tlie
Olympic.
The schooner Rosamond made port yes
terday, two days behind the four-masted
barkentine Olympic. Both vessels left
Honolulu together, and it was a seesaw
race from start to finish. With a leading
wind the schooner would have drawn
away, but when it came to calms the
square sails on the barkentine came to
her assistance and then she forped ahead.
It was nip and tuck almost all the way
to San Francisco, and then the Olympic
got the slant of wind that, the captain of
the Rosamond says, carried her into San
S. How many feet of lumber In a boar>i
14 feet 6 Inches loner by IS Inches •wide? •
4. A tight board fence 6 feet high Is to
b<? built around a field SO rod3 by 30 rods.
How much lumber will It take? (Xote— A
rod is 16H feet.)
2. A floor Is the shape of the above dia
gram. AB Is 40 feet and AC 23 feet. It
has an elevator shaft S feet by 8 feet li
the center. Find the coat at 5 cents i
foot of tha Inch lumber necessary to covei
the remainder of the floor.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
HAMBURG— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Almond
Branch, from Manila, for Seattle.
ISLK OF WIGHT— Passed Jan 21— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Monday, January it.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, . Carlson, Greenwood.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, Cleone.
Stmr Santa Cruj, Hinkle. .
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, .
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing-.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 21—10 p ra— Weather
cloudy, wind southesat, velocity 7 miles.
SPOKEN.
Jan 11— Lat 34 N. long 16 W, Br ship Monk
barr.s. from. Hamburg, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
LONDON, Jan 13— Br ship Beechbank. at
Queenstown, Jan 17, from Ban Francisco, Aug
16. wixs struck by a tidal wave after rounding
Cape Horn and was severely damaged. Crew
worked four days Jettisoning cargo before ship
was rl~hted.
LON1X)N', Jan 21— Br ship Bothwell. from
Newcastle. N S W. for Callao, is ashore on :
coast or Peru, 90 miles eouth o" Callao. Part
of crew arrived at Azul.
DOMESTIC PORTS. '
UMPQUA— Sailed Jan 17— Sohr Lily, for San
Francisco; schr Sadie, for San Pedro. Jan IS —
Schr Louise, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrive*! Jan 20— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence Jan 1". Sailed Jan 21— Schr Martha
W Tuft, for Yakutat
VKNTT.TR A— Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Geo Loomis.
for S«n Francisco.
BAN DON. Or— Arrived Jan 21— Schr Con
nanxa, hence Dec S.
LITTLE RIVER— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Jan 18.
ASTO1UA— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Alliance,
hence Jan 17. Sailed Jan 21 — Ger ship Alice,
Fr bark Ccssard and Ger ship Tarpenbeck, for
U K; Br stmr Robert Adamson, for St. Vin
cent.
SA_S r DIEGO— Arrived Jan 21— Br stmr Mil
ton, from Nanaimo.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 21— Btmr Luella. hence
Jan 20.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Jan 21— Schr J M
W^atherwax, for San Diego.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 20— Ship Standard,
from Honolulu. Jan 21 — Stmr A1-1C1, from
Dyea.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 20— Schr Occidental,
from San Pedro; bark Coloma, hence Jan 13.
Sailed— Stmr Westport, for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Sailed Jan 20— Schr Beulali. for
San Pedro.
SEATTLE- Sailed Jan 21— Br stmr Athenian,
for Tacoma.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Jan 21— Stmr Pro
gresn. hence Jan IS. for Tacoma: schr Mildred,
from Honolulu, for Pug#t Sound; Br chip An
cona. from Hioco. for Royal Roads.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 21— Fr bark Boesuet,
from Nantes.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Pasadena,
from Ean Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr American,
hence Jan 1G.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Jan 18— Br stmr Almond
Branch, for Seattle.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan 13— Bark Chaa B
Kenney. hence Nov 7.
HONGKONG— SallM Nov 27— Br ship Sierra
Miranda, for Royal Roads.
ANTWERP— Sailed Jan 16— Br ship John
Cocke. for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Sailed Jan 18— Br bark Aeto
ria, for Oregon.
SCILLT— Passed Jan 19— Br ship CraJRerne,
hence Sept 1. for Antwerp.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan 20— Ger stmr Secos
tres. for San Francisco direct.
GUATMAS — Arrived Jan 20— Mex stmr Mex
ico, for San Francisco.
ALTATA— Sailed Jan 9— Schr Herman. Ji>r
San Francisco.
SAILED.
Monday. Janary «X.
Stmr Rainier, Hanson. Seattle, etc -
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria; Ooodall
Pffkirui jk Co.'. ¦r?^*wglr))m
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, Ban Pedro: OoodalL
Perkins A Co. ¦....;..
¦ Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle; £1 T Krus*.
CLEARED.
Monday, January J1.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
fitmr Noyo, Johnson, 21 hours from Fort
Braes. » , .
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 42 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Conemaugh, Broomhead. . M days from
Manila, -via Nagasaki S3 days. -
Btmr ¦ Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 80 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, 25 hours from Cas
par.'. »
. Stmr South Portland, Hall, 4 day* 6 hours
from Portland. • v . •„
Schr Rosamond, Ward, 21 days from Hono
lulu;
Schr Nettie Sundbor*. Anderson. 11 days
frrm Coquille River.
Bchr Newark, . Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing. > _
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Inside Bar Buoy, a black and white perpen
dicularly striped second class nun, was re
placed on January 1, 1901, on its old bearing In
eighteen feet of water.
By order of the Lighthouse Board. J»
TV. P.' DAT,
Commander, U. S.-N., Lighthouse Inspector.
ENTRANCE TO UMPQUA RIVSn,
Notice is hereby, given of changes in the
aids to navigation in this district, as follows:
The followins affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1000—.
Coon Island Post Lteht, page 23. No.. 121
(List of Beaccns and Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1901,
pag« GO)— On January 1G this fixed white light
was discontinued on account of damaB? to the
three-pile beacon from which the light was
displayed.
Swan Island Bar Lower Post Light/ page 30,
No. 129 (List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast, 1501, page 61)— On January 17 the three
pile beacon from which this light was shown
was carried away and the light extinguished.
As soon as the stace of water will permit
the foregoing lights will be re-established.
The following affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901, page 44:
Notice to Mariners.
The steamship Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with the following: cargo, valued at
*ll,07S:
SO cs honey, 4 rolls leather, 25 bxs raisins. 102
bxs hardware, 2 cs dry goods, 740 lbs tobacco,
1C2 bbls ilour, 20 bars 47 bdls iron. 287 gala
wine, 2211 lbs dried fruit, 5133 lbs beans, 1000
lbs 20 pkgs millstuffs, 7 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 116 bxs vegetables, 16 cs ground spices,
350 lbs sugar, 14 bdls Steel; 60.340 lbs malt, 29
kegs gunpowder. 151 cs canned goods. 732 sks
nitrate soda, 16S sks oil cake, 1100 lbs nuts,
20.000 lbs malt, 93 bxs oranges, 16 bxs lemons,
2169 lbs butter. - . .
Merchandise for Victoria.
The Annie Johnson will load "merchandise for
Hilo; the Dora Bluhm merchandise for Kahu
lul; the Galilee merchandise for Honolpu: the
Olympic merchandise for Honolulu; the Has
sla wheat at Portland for Europe, <0s, option
of Tacoma or San Francisco. 33s 3d. prior to
arrival; the Comliebank wheat at Portland for
Europe. .41s 3d, pi lor to arrival; steamship
Hero, 87s 6d, chartered by Eppinger & Co. for
wheat, tonnaffft 6600.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
-. The bark Coloma arrived at Eureka yes
terday after the best run of this year.
The old-timer went up in Beven days in
spite of the heavy weather.
Chief Wharfinger Percy Henderson has
ordered the fishermen to vacate their
quarters at the foot of Union street on
Wednesday before noon. Their new quar
ters at the foot of Mason street are now
ready for them.
Two men are supposed to have lost their
lives on the front Sunday night. One man
went overboard from the Fourth-street
bridge and the other from a dredger at
Lombard-street wharf. Officer cle Gran
court went to the assistance of the man
who went from the bridge, but all he
could find in the murky ¦waters was a hat.
Officers Herllhy and Sandman rescued the
man who fell from the dredger, but he
afterward disappeared, and his friends
are now wondering what has become or
him.
Water Front .Notes.
Federal Quarantine Officer Klnyoun has
Issued an order that colliers from British
Columbia not carrying passengers or bag
gage will be Rllowed to proceed imme
diately to their docks provided they have
a certificate from British Columbia stat
ing that the vessel and crev.- havo not
been exposed to quarantine diseases.
A Scow Libeled.
Chris Chrlstenson and F. J. Farrell filed
a libel in the United States Circuit Court
yesterday against ScoW No. 4 of the At
lantic and Pacific Company for salvage,
and ask that the scow be sold for the
salvage.
"Will Hot Be Quarantined.
The United States army transport Cone
maugh arrived from Manila via Nagasaki
yesterday. She has been thirty-eight days
on the road and brings no passenger^ nor
any late news. Captain Broomhead of the
Pennsylvania brought the Conemaugh
home. Captain Roberts of the latter ves
sel having taken the Pennsylvania. Cap
tain Broomhead will go East to take
charge of one of the new steamers now
building for tho Red Star line.
Another Transport Arrives.
Francisco two days ahead of hig vessel,
winning the race by a fluke.
The bark Mauna Ala was also in the
race, but as she has not been heard from
the chances are that she has struck tho
unfavorable streak that delayed the Rosa
mond, and she will not get in for a couple
of days.
BRITISH SHIP FLINTSHIRE IN HER AMERICAN RIG. SHE LEFT HERE FOR EUROPE WITH A CARGO OF
WHEAT, BUT WAS DISMASTED IN THE GREAT SOUTHEASTER. SHE WAS TOWED TO SAN FRANCISCO
AND FIXED UP.
multiply the length and breadth and
thickness together— that Is, 6x6x4, which
gives us 144. The student will note then
that a foot of lumber is 144 cubic inches
of lumber, no matter what shape tha
wood may be.
In the following: exercises only flat sur
faces are considered. All the boards may
be taken as only one inch thick.
1. How many feet of lumber In an Inch
board 10 feet long by 8 Inches wide?
A foot of lumber Is a solid containing
144 cubic Inches. A piece of board a foot
square and an inch thick Is said to be a
board foot. If cut into four equal pieces
and these are placed on top of each other
so as to make a black 6 Inches square and
4 Inches thick It is still a board foot. To
find the solid contents of such a block we
+ 4.
6. What must be the face of a light
draft at 2% per cent discount to cost
$4290?
XXXIV.-HOW TO HEBASUSE
LUMBER.
5. Find the value In dollars and cents of
a draft for £246 9s 8d when exchange is
quoted at 4. S3.
4. Find the cost of a ninety-day draft
on Montreal for $4000 at ft per cent pre
mium, Interest 6 per cent.
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
2. Find the cost In Boston of a draft for
$4000 on New Orleans at U per cent dis
count? *
3 Find the cost of a sixty-day draft on
St. Paul for $4800 at Y* per cent discount,
interest 6 per cent.
Note— Deduct exchange and Interest (sixty
days).
Franclaco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Ncte — The buyer In Portland must pay more
than the face value of the draft. This would
indicate that the Portland banks are- issuing
more drafts on New York than tho New York
banks are issuing on Portland. When the dif
ference is nettled It is settled In actual cash,
and to send cash across the continent costs
money; hence the premium on the draft.
Note— To make the proper entries here It is
necessary to find the present worth of these
notes The bill receivable is worth $335 and
the bill payable is trorth S19S0. (1) Credit the
Him account with J1CC0 and charge to bills re
ceivable; charge the firm account with Si and
credit intereFt or discount. (2) Charge the
Itrm account with $2C0O and credit bills pay
able; credit the firm account with 120 and
charge to interest or discount. To show the
actual gain or loss on interost and discount
iu any particular period the present worth of
notes must be considered both at commencing
and closing. .
XXXIII.— HOW TO FIGURE EX
CHANGE.
The system by which merchants In dis
tant places discharge their debts to each
other without the transmission of actual
money Is called exchange. A draft or bill
of exchange is an order written by ons
person or bank, directing a second person
or bank to pay a specified sum to a third
person. Bills of exchange are negotiable
or non-negotiable upon the same condi
tions and are usually subject to the same
indorsements as promissory notes. The
face or par of a bill of exchange is the
sum expressed therein;. It Is the original
obligation, exclusive of Interest, premium,
discount, etc. Exchange on England la
usually quoted by glying the value of £1
in dollars and cents.
The arithmetic of exchange is very sim
ilar to any other arithmetic Involving the
principles of percentage. Try the follow
ing examples: ¦
1. What is the cost In Portland, Ore.,
of a draft on New York for $2500 at *4
per cent premium?
7. When opening a set of books Jan
uary 1, 11*01, you Hnd among the resources
a note for S1000 made In 1S00 due. Febru
ary 1, and among the liabilities you find
a note for $2000 made In 1900 and due
March 1. Consider money worth 6 per
cent and make the proper entries of these
two Items.
Note— In the first place you cannot males a
r-trfect balance sheet. The sides will not bal
ciice. This omission of this account will not
affect your losses or gains aa shown by your
broks. Of course if you forget the account
forever the loss must appear. The omission
will reduce your resources $3oO.
G. • In making up your balance sheet you
forget entirely an account in your favor
of WOO. Will this affect (1) your state
ment of losses and gains; (2) your state
ment of resources and liabilities?
Note— Cash is credited with $2C0 and A. s
personal account In the firm ledger Is charged
¦with $200. This will show that A owes the
business $300.
5. Your firm issues a check to pay a
note of $200, which A, one of the partners
of the firm, owes. What entries?
Note — The 11000 appears on the credit side of
bills payable. Enter $1000 on the charge side
and credit B. The*old note is now paid and
an account of $10CO is created In B's favor.
Credit this account (B's) with Interest $10
and charge to the interest account, which
shows that you have lost $10 on interest. You
row pay this account of 41010 which is due B.
Cssh Is credited with $100 and bills payable
with $610 and both Items are charged to B.
4. You owe B J1000 on a not© due to
day. You pay him cash $400 and give him
a new note for $610, tho $10 being added
for -interest. What entries?
Note— Charge $10 in your cash account and
credit your interest account with the same
amount.
S. Tour bank has given you credit In
your bankbook with an item of S10 al
lowed as Interest on your account. What
entries?
I.'ote— Wnen the sal* is made merchandise is
credited and Brown Is charged in the ledger
with J100. When the bill Is paid we enter $100
on the charge side of the cash book and credit
Brown with the same amount. This closes up
Brown's account. "We enter $3 on the credit
side of the cash book and charge discount
with the same amount.
(Concluding Lesson).
1- Bought goods Invoiced at J763.W ari«t
paid for same by check. Paid my note
due to-day by certified check.
Note— A certified check Is a check certified as
rood by the bank. If you wish to use your
check to pay a note due at some other fcanlc
than your own, or in buying real estate or
stock* or bonds, you may find it necessary to
get the check certified. This Is done by an
of fleer of the bank, 'who write* or stamp*
across the face of the check the words "Cer
tified" or "Good when property Indorsed" and
signs his name. Tho amount will immediately
be deducted from your account, and the bank,
l;y guaranteeing payment, becomes wholly re
sponsible for the genuineness of the check.
Ii you should get a check certified and then
rot use it deposit it in your bank; otherwise
your account will be short the amount tor
which it la drawn,
2. Brown bought merchandise Invoiced
at $100 on thirty days' credit A week
later he pays the bill In cash and we al
low him our cash discount of 2 per cent.
What entries In the cash book and ledger?
XX23I.-HOW TO DO DOTTBI.E
Concluding Lesson in Double Entry in
the Night School Course.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2*J, 1901.
Flintshire Is Ready for Sea Again, but Half a Dozen Other
Vessels Caught in Same Gale Are Practically
Given Un as 1 rrer
uiven up as Lost.
OVERDUE SHIPS CAUSING MUCH
UNEASINESS TO UNDERWRITERS
7
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Bonlta
Mandalay.....
San Pedro....
Cmpire
Czarina
Grace Dollar.
Rainier..
Columbia.....
Qu««n .
Sonoma
Pomona.......
Coronado
Santa Ana...
Arcata....... .
Arg-o. .........
January 22.
Newport ...;.'..
Coqullle P.lver ....
Humboldt
Coos Bay ...:..
Seattle & " Tacoraa.
Grays Harbor
S?nttle & N What.
January -2X ¦¦
Astoria & Portland
Ban . Diego
Sydney & Way Pts
Hurnboldt
Grays Harbor .....
Honolulu v. Pgt Sd
Coon Bay. .'.'........
Coqullle River......
Jnuonry 24.
China and Japan..
Grays' Harbor ....
January 25.
Humboldt
Newport ....•
January 226.
Victoria & P»t Sd
Grays Harbor
Point Arena
Humboldt ......:...
, January 27.
Ban Dieffo .'.
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier 13
Pier —
5 pm Pi«r —
5 pm Pier j i
11 am Pier 24
I am Pier U
9 pm Pier 7
J pm PJer 8
5 pm Pier 1
12 m Pier 3
11 4 m Pier 13
1 pm Pier 1
1 pm PMSS
6 pm Pier 20
9 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 9
Pier 13
» pm Pier 2
» am Pier 13
» am Pier U
Hongk'g Mai
Fulton
North Fork...
Corona.... —
State of Cal..
W. H. Krugei
Point Arena.
Eureka.. "rr::..
Bunta Rosa...
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
North Fork Humboldt Jan. «2
State of Cal Victoria & Pujret Sound Jan 3i
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 22
Tellus Oyster Harbor Jan. 22
Corona Newport jan Z\
Bt. Paul ...Tanama 'j a n 33
\V. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor |jan. "»3
Eanta Rosa San Dleco -Jan. 24
Eureka. Humboldt Jan "4
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan! 24
Jeanie Seattle j a n 24
China China and Japan Jan -J5
O. W. Elder Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan 25
Carlisle City... China via. Son Diego.. Jan. IS
Mexico Mexican Ports Jan 28
Pomona Humbcldt IJan' 2*
Sfeeoatris Hamburg ft Way Ports Jan". 27
Walla Walla,. . Victoria & Pug-et Sound Jan 27
Curacao Mexican Porte Jan" 17
Kobert Dollar.. Seattle Jan 'f
Progre*o.. Tacoma Jan' 27
Queen S&n Diego Jan' 27
Bontta Newport j an 31
Arcala Coos Bay j an -mj
Crescent City. . Crescent City.... Jan' IS
? & Ft. 22! Ft.P^ Ft. — FC
? HW L W H W L W
22 .. 1:14 5.3 6:18 2.1 12:21 S.7 «:53 —0.3
23 ... 1:49 6.4 7:11 2.7 1:15 6.4 7:34 0.2
24 ... 2:25 5.5 8:03 1:6 2:14 5.0 J:19 0.7
23 .. 3:05 5.6 9:10 1.3 3:20 4.C 9:09 l.i
IB .. 3:50 5.<S 10:17 1.0 4:39 4.2 9:59 1.9
27 . 4:38 5.7 11:31 0.7 «:09 3.9 10:56 2.3
28 ... 5:37 6.9 12:44 0.3 7:34 4.0
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Bonlta
Mandalay.....
San Pedro....
Cmpire
Czarina
Grace Dollar.
Rainier..
Columbia.....
Qu««n .
Sonoma
Pomona.......
Coronado
Santa Ana...
Arcata....... .
Arg-o. .........
January 22.
Newport ...;.'..
Coqullle P.lver ....
Humboldt
Coos Bay ...:..
Seattle & " Tacoraa.
Grays Harbor
S?nttle & N What.
January -2X ¦¦
Astoria & Portland
Ban . Diego
Sydney & Way Pts
Hurnboldt
Grays Harbor .....
Honolulu v. Pgt Sd
Coon Bay. .'.'........
Coqullle River......
Jnuonry 24.
China and Japan..
Grays' Harbor ....
January 25.
Humboldt
Newport ....•
January 226.
Victoria & P»t Sd
Grays Harbor
Point Arena
Humboldt ......:...
, January 27.
Ban Dieffo .'.
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier 13
Pier —
5 pm Pi«r —
5 pm Pier j i
11 am Pier 24
I am Pier U
9 pm Pier 7
J pm PJer 8
5 pm Pier 1
12 m Pier 3
11 4 m Pier 13
1 pm Pier 1
1 pm PMSS
6 pm Pier 20
9 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 9
Pier 13
» pm Pier 2
» am Pier 13
» am Pier U
Hongk'g Mai
Fulton
North Fork...
Corona.... —
State of Cal..
W. H. Krugei
Point Arena.
Eureka.. "rr::..
Bunta Rosa...
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
North Fork Humboldt Jan. «2
State of Cal Victoria & Pujret Sound Jan 3i
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 22
Tellus Oyster Harbor Jan. 22
Corona Newport jan Z\
Bt. Paul ...Tanama 'j a n 33
\V. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor |jan. "»3
Eanta Rosa San Dleco -Jan. 24
Eureka. Humboldt Jan "4
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan! 24
Jeanie Seattle j a n 24
China China and Japan Jan -J5
O. W. Elder Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan 25
Carlisle City... China via. Son Diego.. Jan. IS
Mexico Mexican Ports Jan 28
Pomona Humbcldt IJan' 2*
Sfeeoatris Hamburg ft Way Ports Jan". 27
Walla Walla,. . Victoria & Pug-et Sound Jan 27
Curacao Mexican Porte Jan" 17
Kobert Dollar.. Seattle Jan 'f
Progre*o.. Tacoma Jan' 27
Queen S&n Diego Jan' 27
Bontta Newport j an 31
Arcala Coos Bay j an -mj
Crescent City. . Crescent City.... Jan' IS
? & Ft. 22! Ft.P^ Ft. — FC
? HW L W H W L W
22 .. 1:14 5.3 6:18 2.1 12:21 S.7 «:53 —0.3
23 ... 1:49 6.4 7:11 2.7 1:15 6.4 7:34 0.2
24 ... 2:25 5.5 8:03 1:6 2:14 5.0 J:19 0.7
23 .. 3:05 5.6 9:10 1.3 3:20 4.C 9:09 l.i
IB .. 3:50 5.<S 10:17 1.0 4:39 4.2 9:59 1.9
27 . 4:38 5.7 11:31 0.7 «:09 3.9 10:56 2.3
28 ... 5:37 6.9 12:44 0.3 7:34 4.0
fj.75 Lace Curtains, per pair 91.75 $7.50 Lace Curtains, per pair. ...95.OO
$4.50 Lace Curtains, per pair. . . .§2.00 $g j 0 Lac< Curtains, per pair $0.00
$5.00 Lace Curtains, per pair.... $2.30 j $10.00 Lace Curtains, per pair.. .97.00
$6.00 Lace Curtains, per pair §3.75 | $12.50 Lace Curtains, per pair...?8.5O
Startling bargains In ose, two and three pair lots of Lace Curtains— these goods are slight-
ly 6olied, but can be laundered. Exceptional values. Some of these curtains are worth up to
J-.00 per pair, aad win be closed out at 81.00. $1.25, $2.OO. »3.OO. 84.O0. $5.00,
Mt_%<>. 07JVO. S^^>O. 81O.OO, $12.00. S1S.OO, «^0.00 and $25.00 per pair.
La.ce and MuElln Tard Goods suitable for Ruffled Curtains, Sas>h Curtains and Bed I>ra.perle8
— tbeee materlais are itllghtiy soiled and will be closed out at lSo, 2Se and 37^c per yard.
Most Remarkable Yard Goods Bargains Ever Offered.
$1.00 Drapery Fabrics 25c $3.00 Drapery Fabrics 91.OO
$1.50 Drapery Fabrics 50c $4.50 Drapery Fabrics ...$1.50
$2.00 Drapery Fabrics 75c $6.00 Drapery Fabrics $2.00
Rope Portieres. Remnants.
A epecial lot cf these Portieres will be closed A epeci&l lot of short lengths of Tapestry and
out at other materials suitable for cushions, up-
The Greatest Drapery and Lace Curtain Bargains.
Lace Curtains at 33$ and 50 per cent on the $1.00.
Parlor Tables.
tot cf oud Oak and Mahogany Finish Tables,
to close out at half price.
Handsome Oval" Cabinet Tables, with lower
shelves. In mahogany and golden CO 7K
oak— reduced from $6.50 <J>Oe C *-F
Round Mahogany Inlaid Top Tables, with
lower shelf and French lees— re- Cro -7 =
fluced from »C00 tJJOe C tf
Kmplre Maaogany Table, 24x32 top, twisted
lees, hand polished— regular price *ZA "7 PZ
JS.OO-cale price OT'e t O
Quarter-sawed Oak Library Table, 11x40 top,
twisted lees and lower shelf— Cli) K t \
reduced from Jlfi.00 (JliSiOU
Handsome inlaid Maho&any Parlor Tabl*—
$15.75
Ftne Hand Carved Library Case, 45 Inches
wide. cabinet top and French mirror 1 —
%SZZ!Z,*?:!!2** $16.50
Three Section OaJc Book Case. 5 feet lone, hand
polished oak back and shelves «jr O *7 P^L«"fc
—regular* price $84— sale price O^ I .UV
Sideboards, Dining Tables.
$11 .00 Golden Oak extension CO CiPZ
Table. 6 feet Ion*— reduced to.... *J>O..«£O
tlS.OO Solid Mahccany Arm Chain, leather seats
and backs— this sale QQ *7£5
$12.00 Solid Oak Arm Chairs, backs and seats
upholstered In best leather— C7 f\f\
this eale O C •\J\J
Side Chairs to match above Arm Cr A FZf\
Chair «J>' £ * .OvJ
$16. SO Golden Oak Round Extension Table,
6- foot length— reduced <t I O RA
$a.B0 Golden Oak Sideboard. «J» f CT f\t\
a bargain at €j>lOeV"vF
$30.00 Golden Oak Pedestal Style Extension
Table, made of best quality CQ/i AA
Quarter-Bawed Oak «J>^&T-.vFV7
$35.00 Golden Oak Sideboard, made of best
quarter-sawed oalc — reduced £I*J^t
$30.00 Golden Oak Sideboard. (O() RA
a special bargain at «J)Z»itJU
$35.00 Sideboard reduced O Q rz tZf\
$31.00 Golden Oak Sideboard, large size,
French plate mirror, ° reduced CQ^
Combination end Library
Book Coses.
Bollfl Oak Hand-PoiishM Library Book Case.
' feet < Inches wide. 4 feet « lnchee
blgh — regular price JS.CKV— eale C£i CA
price OOiDU
Mahogany Finish Combination Book Case,
hand carved and French beveled mirrors —
rifot 1 !":..^.* 2 /;."^* 622.75
H«ma-C«.ned Oak Combination Book Case,
finely rxsliehed and well made CO 4 f\f\
— regular x>rlce U&-c&le price O-fcT"evlvF
Odd Dressers and Chiffoniers
tlS.EO Solid Oak Drees«r, swell front, top draw-
ers, oval French plate mirror O; 1 Q *7 CZ
—cast brass— S5 of them OJ^*i O
•40.00 ChiHoder. mahogany front. French
plate mirror, claw feet, I CQI S (\
drawer* OuliOU
J31.00 Bolld Oak Dresser, full swell front,
French plate mirror, cast CCiyt ZZ.(\
brass bar-dJes— 8 only «J> -*• t" • f "
J2J.00 Curly Birch Chiffonier, full ewell
front, handsome French plate C O A TZf\
mirror Oa^'O"
Special Bargains in Parlor
Furniture.
tT.K> Parlor Chair and Rocker to match, neat
lnlalfl back, very comfortable— C.A "7 'JS
•veclal sale pricf; t^T^e C K>
$15.00 Couch, upholstered in heavy veiour.
carved f raiae— epeclal this C I I T ZZ.
tale .„ OH. 4 O
S2S..O0 Parlor Arm Chair, hand earned and
pollened, upholstered in Orl- Q»Q EZ(\
•ntal tapeetry— eale price tJJIOet-Jv/
$S0.OO Couch, upholste-rd in heavy French
tapestry, nicely tufted —epeclai (?t)A t "» f\
•ale prlc« O — \J»\J\J
(S6.00 Davenport. In rich grolden oak or
xsahoras'.zed birch. upholstered In fine
Eg±5**£!^ 825.00
•40.00 Davenport, eolld mahogany, upholstered
In heavy cordurcy or tapestry CO "7 fifs
-eile prtc* O-* * •\J\J
$50.00 Bofa, solid ciahcpasy, hand carved and
polished, upholstered In very best mohair
jSgSLZZZLZZ S33.00
$175.00 Parlor Suit, solid mahorany frame, up-
bclstered la best s!Ik veiour CIOA AA
— wlU close out at. Oa-fcUe\JVj
After stock taking we find on hand beds of odd sizes and colors — beds
which we wish to close out at cost and in many cases less than cost; every
bed offered will be a bargain and prices will range C 1 Hrt 4-^ C/4 C fifs
all the way from .4>1.VU IO 4>^K>.UU
Brass^and Enameled Bed Samples.
THE GREAT CHALLENGE SALE OF
Fiirnifiirp Or^npripQ Riiotq
AFTER-IITVENTORY BARGAINS.
ADVEBTISITSIENTS.
Retail Druggists. Agts.. Fourth and
Spring Sts.. Los Angeles. Cat
Any oae know* and know* when eared. We
have offered a reward of $25 for 4 years here
In Los Angeles to any one with Piles who could
not be cured with 1 Box of Verus Pile Cure,
and not one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and will pay any one suSerlnir
with Piles $50 who cannot be cured with Venn
Pile Cure. Our record shows over 10,000 cured.
Write for information. Perhaps we have your
neighbor's testimonial. Price $2. postpaid.
VEitDS PILE CUBE CO., Eooa 226, Wilson Btt
Or ELLINGTON DRUO CO.. Wholesale aad
PILES
AMUSEMENTS.
THE FINAL DAYS ARE AT HAND!
*' \A/ /X Y
LAST "¦ -^* *
isssa DOWN
EAST."
The Most Charmlm Story of Rural New
Hampshire Life Erer Presented.
NEXT MONDAY—
LOUIS JAMES n* KATHRYN K1DDER
IN "A MIDSUMMER NIGHTS DREAM."
Alf. Elllnffhouse, Prop, and Manager.
PHONE SOUTH ....770
THIS EVENIXO AT 8:15— MATINEE SAT..
"THE REAL FUN SHOW,"
The Bright Musical Farce-Comedy Success,
TKE STAR BOARDER
By a company of clever comedians and a bevyi
of pretty girls. New music Now
Specialties.
EVENING 25c 35c. 80c and 75o
MATINEE .^^...15c 28c. 35c and BOo
Next Sunday Afternoon — S*>ven Happy Days
With Those Funny Fellows.
MURRAY AND MACK
. And Their BIc Company of 87 People, In
* ''SHOOTING THE CHUTES."
*&?¦• Seats Ready Thursday.
THfcSAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TAICFORAN PARK— THIRD MEETINO.
Monday. January JL to Saturday, February
S, Inclusive.
6IX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
6lJt " Stake Events, Three HurdU Races aad
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAY AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Park at 7, 10:40, 11:30 a. m., 1, 1-30
and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
San FranH»«"i> at 4:15 p. m., followed after the
last race at Intervals of a few minutes by sev-
eral special*. Seats in rear cars reserved for
ladies and their escorts. Admission to course
including railroad fare, J1.25.
MILTON S. LATHAM, Secretary.
EDWARD POWER, Racing Secretary. -
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
Hanlon aad Singer. 'Ida Howell, Waterman
Pisters,' Little Alma Wuthrich, Hal Conlett,
Ahem and Patrick and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
¦"¦"^ ~— —^ — — — . — — ¦ «— — ,
V OR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and anal m ous complaints of the
Organs of Generation. ¦
Price tl a bottle. For sale by drusclsta.
AMUSEMENTS.
. ENGAGEMENT OF
In the Play in Four Act«,
BECKY vSHARP.
(Founded on Thackeray* i "Vanity Fair.")
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
; PRICES- $2, *1 B0. $1, 75c. EOo.
Curtain at 8 Sharp.
Carriages at 11 p. in. \
Seats for the Second Week of "BECKY
SHARP" Ready Thursday Morning.
"AN UNQUALIFIED HIT I"
EVENINGS at «. MATINTJE SATURDAY at S.
By the Authors of "Robin Hood."
POPULAR PRICES..... 25 and B0 oenU
Telephone — Bush 9.
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL THIS WEEK.
HERBERT KELCEY and EFFIE SHAN-
NON'S GREAT SUCCESS,
THE MOTH AND, THE FLAME
PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25e. BOo.
? f«w front rows in . orchestra 75c. Good re-
served seat In orchestra at all matinees 25o.
Branch Ticket ; Of flcs— Emporium.'.;.
MONDAY— CH ARUM ERIN VHRNBR. th«
Greatest Irish Comedian of the Day.'
, la "ARRAH NA-POOUB."
Soap in stick foqn; con-
venience and economy in
shaving. *
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world.
AH sorts of peopTe trao Pears* »o«p. all sorts
of stores sell it, especially diugtfists.
AMUSEMENTS.
A NEW BILL AND THE BEST EVEIt.
KOXTMARTROI6 TRIO. HACKER AN'D
LESTER. WARREN AND BLANCHARD.
BWIGETTE AND CLARK. SCHUMANN
LADIES' QUARTET, EUGENE O'ROURKE
AND COMPAXT. BILLY LINK. THE
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH AND
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS
R«?*»rvefl Beats, 5oc; Balcouy. 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box F»ats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
fSLVH EAT REM>
THIS WEEK OJCLY.
Tbe New York aad London Success.
SWEET LAVEIDES
PRETTY GOWNS— NEW BCENERT.
EEATS-lSo, Sc, Sc, »t
MATINEES SATURDAY AND BUNDAT.
EEATS NOW SELLING.
NEXT "^TJ-El-EllXi-
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME. " t
BEtASCO a"~ THAUlS ¥ fa£(^
< *^ HHHIf C/TTtUUA
Phone South ZZZ.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
•And Every EVenlrir This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND Sc'NDAY.
One sf the Greatest Tiiys Srtr Writt:3 vith ibe plot
tctf story inn from thtltnd cl the XwtriU.
DARKEST RUSSSA.
Thrilling Situations; Bright Comr-Sy; Oorseous
Costumes.
A GREAT FCENIC PRODUCTION.
DDfrEC Evenings 10c. 15c, 2Zc, 33c. 50c
IIiIbLJ Matiners 10c, 15c. 25c
Sext We*!:— "A CELEBRATED CASE."
Fir« Arr^ars-nee m Years of the Popular
Irish Comedian. JAMES M. WARD.
n ft I • ftf" These hotels pos-
r ill fllir 5CSS the attributes
J that tourists and
Qfln travelers appreciate
UtlU —central location.
p n 1 fcl n liberal manage-
Ullnlill ment, modern ap-
irn-rri « pointments * n «i
HUltLb, n f£
SaD FrandSCO. ropean plans.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
3
Cor. 16th and Mission Streets,
Cl 50 OO SO «TT O 5O O -^C OO holsterln^ and other purposes will be closed
«>1 O ¦>£ O«5 *$& lout at lOc, 15c, 25c and 35c each.
BARGAINS RUGS AND CARPETS
BRCSSEL6 FCfU EODT *1 1 K AXMTNSTER *1 flft BEST WOOL or_
CARPETS OUC BRUSSELS. ; T J -- LJ CARPETS... 'H-VJU INGRAINS 00C
Eanford's Best
MOQrETTE *1 Art Tar>estry T^r* VELVET QKr* LINOLEUM, AKt*
CARPETS... CX-UU BrusseU ' OC CAKPETS *OC PER TARD..... iOC
BROMLEY WOOL SMYRNA RUGS
t fe«t long. Q 7ff ltr-4 feet long. \ y* OPT 13 fe«t long, |Q T PZ
i feet wJ<:«...O» CO ;^ reet wide. IttAU 9 feet wide... IO« i O
J^n% CANDY CATHARTIC j> °*
¦^^^^^
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold In bulk.
Beware of (he dealer who tries to «JJ
s omtthJn| "juit u goyLTANTORAN PARK. MOKDAX. JANUARY 21 — WeiUhfr phowery. J™<*_ g^PPy-
J«J7*. KJKST RACE- Six furlor.es; four-year-olds and up; purse, HC0.
j ~I P^ ~1 U Betting
Index [Horse. Ape. Weight. I Pit St. *». %. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. | Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
3CT7 Ordnung. 5 ltt| 2 '2 12 2 6 11 1 1M: J. Miller 1-4 1-4 1-4 —
:<« Ould I-ace. 4 lfCj jji It 12V4 2S 28 jOomlnick ..4651
itG .Cusdale, 6 107; 4,4 41 41 Ai SI IStuart 10 id 20 11-5
... ,. c alvado. 5 Ill 6;S 5 J 34 < 10 K. Ross 10 60 £0 8
ISO (Braafaflda, 6. ... . .W>'_J_\j 84 32 S 6 ! Henry 8 15 12 i
Tfxrm—%. :2«i»: H. :49^; V. 132%. Pair start Von easily. Second and third driving.
U inr.t-r. J. P. S--hcrr'F ch. g. by Imp. Order or Jim Gore-imp. Highland Lore. Ordnuns
hart r.rthing to rim second t.i but Die. wind, and there was no betting- ag-alnst that. Gold
Lace v. ill trim somebody ere long. SaHado vacant. Scratched— Pi (Ja I la 1C2. Gold Or 112,
The PtiOt ll: 1 . Theory 110. Prejudice Iffi, True Uiue 107.
!*•£!?• KlXjSI* JIACK — Mile and an eighth; four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
|Ho7r* ~~ ~ Betting
irAf-x MoTf-f.. Ape. Weight. ; Put I St. %. «*. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
<i'fO !Cr*<lo. « 112! «|J 12 1« 14 IB !Pee JO CO 30 t
::« Vtncltcr, a IE, 7:6 S5 8h 24 21 T Burns.... 1-S 1-2 1-2 —
I • h :ir\(-% L« I4el. 6.1121 21S 4>4 41 32 32 |J.' Woods.... 80 60 60 It
ICM Fan Howard, 4..11: S 4 6 >» 6 1 44 44 ! Buchanan .. 7 8 8 3
I**S II. d»l i?an dos. a.112 5,8 S t 58 64 'Stuart 12 25 M 8
ira Can't l>ance. a. .11!; 6 ! " 7h 7 '4 7! «10 ICoburn 8 8 8 3
3471 SiMtaoe, 4 ll2j 111 3 4 SS 6h 7 1 'R. Murphy. SO 100 100 JO
I : Acrobat. € 112] 4|S 24 24 « t>3 (Alexander . 12 20 15 4
_li«S tUpldo. a ._.112! 3 ; 2_ 5h _6_8 9 9 |Henry j 12 15 15 4
Tiir.e-u. -a:\: V SlH: 3 j. :''l: **. 1:1S; mile. UWi; lHm. 1:59^. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner. C. E. Durnell'E b. p. by Morello-Prlxe. The
<!»>»f. «5unil> and blind all bet on Creda Vincltor ran with bar plate*, and badly. Other
¦:a-t<>rs t^hould Ik- intrusted to the poundkeeior. Scratched— St. Sitnonian 115.
i:;sit. THIlil.' RACE— Mile and three-qnarter?; hurd>; three-year-olds and up: purse. <4<».
Po.| !, Betting >
Ir.<icx H..B=e. Aft», tVe-ijrht. ;P« >St. Std. »*. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. Pi.
I"4 I.«mo. a IS.", 4'2 12 15 11 lh jHueston .... 7-10 — 1 —
r.T9 Lothian. 5 13S| all 2 3 2 10 2 15 2 40 Sutherland 4. — 3 —
DSS '^rar.cer. n ir.jj 1 J 4 j lrt 3 20 3 23 3 20 iHennessy .. 3 — 4 —
.... Pahueas. f. ISS 28 4^ 42 41 41 Owens 6 — 7 . —
.... « ilharr. OH. a..U8| »|S S E S 5 jlenhaxt .... S — 12 —
1\me-Z:ZV t . Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. P. Fine's ch. g. by Red
tron-LUjr W. Loslry? ground taking the last jump cost Lothian the race. Granger appar
ently not himself. Pallucas sang in the firrt part. He 1? cast for a star specialty soon.
J «»*»!. F' 'rUTil HACK — Six and a half furlongs: selling; three- year-olds and up; purse. J400.
|Po.t ~" j t Betting
Ir^ex Horse, Age. Weight., Pst^t. 1;. 14. Etr. Fin. ( Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
>w Mocorito. S Wri 6!2 14 22 1! 14 j Henry ". 8-5 lTl 2^ T$
«-'-""> Ada K. S P9! 4!6 62 06 22 28 ICoburn 6 9 8 6-2
OGS) I^raota. 3 no- lia 42 44 33 3 4 'Domlnlck ... 9-5 2 8-5 3-5
I<3» IViur.dlee. 4 104' 6 J 4 3 1 34 4 4 4 5 -Buchanan .. 4 9-2 4 7-5
JCJ M'ntaJlade. a ...1QT, 2il 21 lh 65 5 10 !Mounce 8 II 12 4
J «^L_ M a Idl »- « I??! » •_* € 6 « 6 ' See 15 60 60 1 2
Time-1-16. :O6\; 8-16, :1S; 7-16. :43U : 6>,f. 1:23. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
tfrlvinp. Winner. 3. Sullivan's ch. m. by Am'.fro-Santa Monica. Mocorito had something
Jo give away at the tlo*p. Domlnick took Bemota up at the start, losing three or
four lengtha IVjun.ilee had not been doing: well nrrarently. Montallade had early sceed
~ Scratched— Oaaaaad MS.~3Cavta 103. Cora Goetz f<3. Our .Lizzie lf«.
l^s^. FJPTH RACE— fix and a half furlongs; selling^ three-year-olds and up; purse, J3oO.
jPo.: I Bcttln~
Index Horse. Age. Weight, jrst, St. 14. Str. FJn. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PI?
K61 Handicapper. t...Uflj 5!3 21 28 14 18 IT. Burn* 8-5 6^ 7^ 1^2
IS17 The Sir.jer. 4....104 1 2 ' 2 S 4 8 1 3 4 2 ns IDomlnick ... 2 11-5 11-5 7-10
16IJ El Tn P !o. 3 S2 Hi 11 11 2 3 3 4 !j. Daly 15 20 12 4
ri^v. Artiiia. 4 104 *)« 71 74 44 4? iMounce « 12 12 3
IS» Alaria. I 103 76 31 4n 56 64 . iFauntleroy . 8 30 20 12
1P37 The BufTnon. 4... 104 33 8 8 76 62 jrtielan 10 20 20 6
ICM ;Mike Rice, a W7J 4 8 62 «1 61 71 Coburn 10 J3 \"> 4
.... Introdurtnr. 3 ...1C7; 8 I 7 4h 64 S S ! Henry 6 60 60 20
Tin-.e-l-16. r^T; MS. :31; 9-16, :'.6; 64f. 1::4»4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
dnvln*. Winner. W. Shields" b. g. by Strathmore-Zuhlan. Handicapper had the class
over his crmranr. ir Da!y could have helped El Topio a pound, he would have been
Ff-cond. Artilia does not like Juicy going. The Buffoon ran poorly. Scratched-Gold Finder
l fk 4. Mayfline US, Fondo SS.
HiK.-t. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; puree. $400.
Index Horyp, Age. Welght.jpstJEt. «*• H- Str. Fin. j Jockeys. ' Op. h!"'"*!" PI?
PfSH !A*tr,r. 6 106] 6j2 11 14-1 m 18 IT Burns... t Ills «7 TT
DH Scotch Plaid. «... tr« 7 1 3 1 3 1 2 5 2 10 ICoburn 8-i 2 1-5 5-5
l. c *4 ¦Hohenlnhe. 6 109 65 5 2 5R 3H 31 Ilienrv 8 1? 1- 1
JM3 , Dunblane. 4 ml 3 1 2 8 2 3 4S 4 6 Moonce-SISE 6 8 8 5-2
1F,24 McVamara, 4 ...101! 84 41 41 54 51 Dominick... 6 8 8 J
<KA0) 'Free I^ance. a. ...Ill 1 | 7 It 7 10 6 « 6 6 IK. Rofs. . 10 15 15 \
ir*S 'Don Luis. 6 106 4/6 «4 6H 7 10 7 10 Buchanan .. 10 12 12 4
13>S ITcm Calvert. 6..106J 2 | g 8 8 8 P |J. Walsh.. ¦¦ 60 60 60 20
Time-Si. »: H. :5H4; V 1:17; mi!e. l:43Vi. Good nart. Won ridden out Second and third
drlvta*. Winner, C. It. Ellisons b. g. by Aintree-Stephanle. Winner awav first Scotch
F^l^d y i^ I^ < K i n^^n a^. q^ta^"^ UiS "° " m " dd^" Scratched- Tors ida 107.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
A CALL CARICATURIST TAKES "PENCIL SHOTS" WHILE. ENERGETIC MEN WITH HANDBALL MITTS TRY
TO ANNIHILATE A LITTLE BALL IN AN ENDEAVOR TO WIN FAME AND TROPHIES AT THE OLYMPIC
CLUB TOURNAMENT.
"W. Kennedy, Jack Gleason. Tom Ken
nedy and Robert Bowman were dropped
out, each having lost two games.
£s«r|«^ HERE was enthusiasm among the
¦ devotees of handball at the Olym-
I pic, Club last night. The tourna
11 ment now on at the well-known
Post-street athletic institution is
drawing to a close and the games are
growing more exciting-.
George James and Henry Russ contested
last evening and played the best "rubber"
so far seen in the tournament. James
won the first game by a score of 21 to 3.
Rubs possesses weak eyes, and the shad
ows thrown on the court played havoc
with them. In the second game he picked
up and played brilliant ball. He made
many circus "takes" of James' backwa'l
toss, and when serving stood close to the
left wall and sent out a low ball that went
past James with the speed of a bullet.
Russ made it game and game by a score
of 21 to 16. The third and deciding game
aroused enthusiasm among the spectators.
James' strength and condition began to
coupled with Phil Newman's speedy serve,
led to his defeat. Newman won both
games. Score: 21—11, 21—13. "Bobby"
Bowman bowed In defeat to A. Duffy.
Score: 21—16. 21—16.
The semi-finals will be played to-mor
row night.- Butz plays Newman, and
Duffy will play Russ. The winners will be
pitted against Cartwright and James in
me finals on Friday evening.
The following table shows the standing
of the players in the tournament:
tell. He solved Russ' difficult "toss" and
sent the little ball back at all angles.
There were long rallies and clever returns.
Russ led by two points, but when he
reached thirteen James spurted and made
it "up sticks." James continued his
strong playinpr and, after the hardest kind
of work, won by a score of 21 to 16. At
the end of the close struggle their club
mates rose up and yelled approval.
James McElroy. the gamekeeper, wiped
his brow and settled down to keep tab on
the play of the henvy swlpers, Kred Butz
and "Bill" Cartwright. The game re
solvrd itpelf down to this: the man with
the hardest "toss" won. Cartwrlght not
only had a deceptive drive, Dut he pos
sessed a good left "mitt," and won two
straight games. Butz's toss was no less
difficult to return, but Cartwrlght was
equal to the occasion. Both games were
full of vim and interesting-. Score: Cart
wright. 21, 21; Butz. 14, 11.
The fog on "Billy" Kennedy's glasses.
BOSTON, Jan. 21.— The Hanley center
board yacht, as competitor In the trial
races of, cup defenders, will not be built,
according: to the statement to-night by
one of the men ¦who offered to give finan
cial aid to the project. The^ reason given
Yachtsmen Fail to Agree.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 21.— Results:
One mils and a sixteenth, selling- Arthur
Behan won. Petit Maltre second. Prince Real
third. Time. 1:5ft.
Six and a> half furlonge. selling — Athara won.
Kohnwreath second, Dtvonne third. Time, 1:23.
One mile and a half, selling— Admetui won,
Bert Davis second, Woodtrice third. Time,
Six furlongs, handicap — Bummer won, Saka
tuck second. Andes third. Time, V.U.
Seven furlongs, selling— Free Hand won.
Porter B second Dousterswlvel third. Time,
l:M4.
Seven furlongs," selling — Jim Breese won,
Mrmle Lou second. Fair Deceiver third., Time,
1:30.
Winners at New Orleans.
is that the men who Intend to be the
sponsors for the boat were divided over
the matter of material, many wanting
a metal hull, while others held to a
wooden craft.- - -:?¦-;
• State Lotteries Condemned.
BERLIN, Jan. 21.— In the Prussian Diet
to-day, when the lottery question was un
der consideration, there waa some criti
cism of the project favored by Emperor
William, for the erection of a German
pantheon near the achloss in Berlin by
lottery, j A number of the members sweep
lngly condemned state lotteries for what
ever purpose instituted.
Surplus of Wheat Flour.
LONDON, Jan. 21. — The Buenos Ayres
correspondent of the Times says: Official
statistics estimate the exportable surplus
of wheat flour at 1,750,000 tons. Trade cir
cles regard this an exaggerated estimate,
believing that the surplus will be about
1,200.000 , tons. •.'.:_ . •¦
The regular midweek stake to be de
cided at the Union Coursing Park to
morrow was drawn at Pythian Castle last
evening. There are sixty entries. In the
aggregation are some well-known dogs.
Coursing commences on the arrival of the
10:15 a. m. train. Following is the result
of the drawing:
J. Kane's Master Davenport y*. J. r.
Smith's Injury: D. Bheehan's Stam B vt.
I'asha Kennels" Rollicking Airs; P. J Rail
ly'a Karly Dawn vs. T. J. Cronln'a Vixen; L.
P. Bartel't Beer Brewer vs. A. Vanderwhlte's
Lear Kin*; T. W. Bartels' Best Brand va,
J. R. Smith's Fetronlus; Pasha Kennels'
Round About vs. P. J. Rellly's Fly the Flag-
R. E. da Lopez & Son's Usurer vs. J. Kane's
Victor Queen: Curtis & Son's Kibosh vs T
J. Cronin's Vandal; Paeha Kennels' Run
Along vs. Btert. & Knowles' Sleety Mlsf D.
J. Healy's Urania ts. A. Vanderwhlte's Mas
ter Oordan; A. Jackson's Honor Bright vs
Sterl & Knowles' Oleta; George Sharman's
St. Ives vs. Russell & Allen's Scotland Yet;
Curtis & Son's McKInley vs. J. Button's Mas
ter Lawrence; J. McCormlck's Black Daisy
vs. H. H. Gray's Bannockburn: D. K. Wiley's
High Born Lady vs. . Pasha Kennels' Ready
Always: A. Vanderwhite'i Montana B«lle vs.
Curtis & Son's Rosinante; A. R. Harrison's
Briar Root vs. J. Darling's Sir Lawrence; R.
E. de B. Lopes & Son's Sweetness vs. • P. J.
Rellly's Willful Widow; Curtis & Son's Caah
vs. F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn: Curtis h
Son's Yellow Kid vs. J. R. Smith's Pass
Word; H. H. Gray's Commander vs. D. Dil
lon's Challenger; H. Perigo's Controller vs. J.
rXMnpsey's Jingle Bells; W. F\ Lenhard's Day
light v». Curtis & Bon's Fashion Plate; Rus
*«!! tt Allen's Strayaway vs. George McDou
gall's Falstaff ; R. E. de Lopes & Son's Jew
ess vs. P. J. Rellly's Peter West; Curtis &
Son's Echo vs. Curtis tc Son's Psyche; Pasha
Kennels' Racy Anecdote vs. R. B. de Lopez
& Bon's Mlnne Wa Wa; H. Perlgo's Lady
Davenport vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Fash
ion: Curtis A Bon's Director vs. Pasha Ken
nels' May H^mpKtead; T. J. Cronin's Daisy
Dale vs. W. Kahn'i Gold Ore.
GREYHOUNDS BEADY
FOB MIDWEEK STAKE
Sixty Well-Known Dogs Will Course
for Prizes To-Morrow at
Union Park-
To Support Nelson.
ST. PAUL. Jan. Zl.— The Democratic
members of the Legislature in caucus to
night decided to support former United
States Judge R. R. Nelson for the Ions
Senatorial term and Senator Charles A.
Towne for the short term.
"It seems to me," said Connor, "that,
having once and for all settled the recent
quarreling about gambling and pool sell-
"I believe that the request to limit rac
ing to thirty days will be perfectly con
sistent on the part of this board," replied
Tobin. "San Francisco will be burdened
with only ninety days of racing, as San
Mateo and Oakland will have but thirty
days each Instead of six or eight month?
as at present. In that event we can then
release our embargo on p.ool selling. I
do not think it fair that racing should be
allowed in adjoining counties and be for
bidden here."
"The Police Committee," concluded
Tobin, "believes that the oply fair solu
tion to all interested parties is the re
striction of racing to a limited period."
"The adoption of this resolution," said
McCarthy, "would place us in a peculiar
position. It will certainly make this
board look ridiculous if it should ask the
Legislature to encourage horse racing for
thirty days when under our own ordi
nances we do not encourage It for thirty
minutes. I am not in favor of petitioning
the Legislature to do something we do not
ourselves countenance."
Provided, however, that nothing in
such general laws shall prevent the
passage by any city or county of laws
or ordinances preventing the selling
of pools at all times.
In explaining^ the purport of the reso
lution Tobln gave it as his opinion that
the only way to put a stop to the in
discriminate selling of pools was the pass
age of a general law restricting the period
during which racing may be held. He
contended that racing as at present car
ried on in contiguous counties is a great
drain on the resources of this community
nnd the long season encouraged gambling
and increased the moral depravity of the
city.
period of thirty days In each county within
this State during one year.
Resolved, That the clerk of this board fur
nish copies In due forai of the foregoing reso
lution to the President of the Senate, the
Speaker of the Assembly and the chairman
of the San Francisco delegation, requesting in
behalf of this board that they give the mat
ter their earnest attention and hearty sup
port.
I would like to ask the gentleman,"
said Dwyer, "what benefit will result if
we ask the Legislature to restrict racing
to relKUS; 6 StI11 haVC P ° wer
"The Supervisor never gets up in this
"^•/^P. 1^ Tobln ' showing^ temper,
without he has some question to ask. He
w CI 5<, Sh n e i ds llgh \ °, n . any object himself.
vJL < a l w £>' 8 l0 °king for information
Now, just because his remarks have no
sense. I will not answer them."
When^Tpbin had concluded and the
Mayor had come to Dwyer's assistance
by informing him that the object of the
act was to shut down excessive periods of
racing in San Mateo and Oakland. Dwyer
said a few words In his own behalf
_ 'I am only an ordinary painter," said
Dwyer, "and I am without the legal learn
ing of the gentleman who has seen fit to
criticise my action. I think, however tha*
common courtesy and decency, which the
position on this board entitles one Super
visor to expect from another, should have
prompted him to jrive me at least a civil
reply, for I spoke in good faith."
.. Tob l ! n . tn , en made an apology, saying
that he had spoken in the heat of the mo
ment After the storm Jiad blown over
Comte introduced his amendment When
some one desjred to know the purport of
the amendment Comte thundered forth*
"It will show that under the charter 'of
this city we are able to exercise the sov
ereignty of self-government; that we will
restrict for ourselves, and upon our own
responsibility, anything that we Consider
harmful.
The resolution was then adopted by the
following vote: ¦
Ayes— Booth, Brandensteln. Braonhart
Comte D'Ancona,, Fontana. Jennings, Reed!
Stafford. Tobin and Wilson. ««*«.
Noes— Connor. Dwyer and McCarthy.
Ing, we should leave well enough alone
I would as soon vote to open Ingleslde as
to vote for this resolution, for it practi
cally means the same thing. If such an
act is passed you will have racing In Sau
sallto, which will give you four months'
racing instead of ninety days'. I do not
propose to deed away my power to the
members of the Legislature, for the pass
age of this resolution will be a virtual
surrender of our prerogatives."
At this point Dwyer asked leave to put
a question to Tobin.
Resolved, That it Is the •entiment of this
board that horse racing and pool selling within
the enclosure of a race track should not be
permitted to take place for a longer period
than thirty day» In any one county within this
State during the. period of one year.
Resolved, That th« Legislature of the State
of California now In session be most respect
fully and earnestly requested to pass an act
limiting- such horse racing and pool selling to a.
Close upon the defeat of the foregoing
resolution came the adoption of another
one to memorialize the Legislature to
pass an act limiting horse racing to thirty
days in one year in each city and county.
The resolution, however, did not pass un
til an amendment Introduced by Comte
was attached thereto wnlch will practical
ly render nugatory any general law legal
izing horse racing, a3 it reserves to each
city and county the right to prohibit pool
selling at all times. The force of the
amendment is apparent, sinco it is well
known that horse racing without pool
selling is unprofitable.
The resolutions in full, including
Comte's amendment, follow:
The board acquiesced In the recom
mendation of the Police Committee that
the resolution be indefinitely postponed
without any discussion. Chairman Tobin
explained that it was feared by the com
mittee that the general law legalizing pool
selling would conflict with the local
ordinance now on the municipal statute
book prohibiting the selling of pools in
this city and county. After McCarthy
had explained that he had introduced the
resolution at the request of several citi
zens of Sausallto Lhe measure was rele
gated to oblivion without further com
ment.
The Board of Supervisors by a unani
mous vote yesterday placed its seal of
disapproval on McCarthy's resolution pro
viding for the approval by the board of
the Belshaw act now before the Legis
lature, which is designed to prohibit the
selling of pools and bookmaklng on any
kind of contest, except .within the race
track inclosure or building or fair ground
where the contest lakes place.
Request Legislature to Limit Horse Racing to Thirty Days, but
Reserve Right to Prohibit Gambling Thereon.
SUPERVISORS REFUSE TO APPROVE
STATE LAW LEGALIZING POOL SELLING
Mile Henry, who is not in good standing
at Oakland but is allowed to ride at Tan
fora n, had his first mount this season on
Brenhilda in the opening eprint. •
Following are to-day's entries: .
Kiret race — One mile; three-year-olds ; pnrse.
1TM Argreror 115 Bonnie Ltssalc.llO
1877 Grafter 112 VtXfl Marechal Kiel. .115
Bookmaker Jack McDonald save that
when in New York Bam Loates, the Eng
lish rider, said he would accept some
choice mounts while in California. Loates
Is due here on the 23th lnst, and can b«
assured of receiving a hearty welcome.
Tommy Burns rode the last two win
ners, liandicapper and Astor. As usual
Charley Ellison had his checks down good
and thick on the last named horse.
Scotch Plaid had not been out In several
weeks, 'but on the strength of some | A
ported fast workouts, was installed favor
ite for the closing event.
Track Notes.
Eighteen books chalked up odds.
Sam McGibben resigned from bis posi
tion at Tanforan yesterday. He Issued
the jockey slips and collected tbs fees for
mounts.
In a letter to Associate Judge Ed Cole,
THE Tart fora n Park folks were not
favored with the most propitious
weather for reopening day. rain
falling continuously In copious
draughts, with a resultant effect
that trio tract was fetlock deep with
mud. In spite of all this, there was the
usual large crowd in attendance, and the
Fport while not possessed of any great
amour.t of class was wholesome and
furnished some rather knotty betting
propositions. Favorite players put In
their time to good edvantage, as Ord
nung-. Lomo. Handicapper and Astor
El'lashed in first at short odds.
Credo, the jumper, created a ripple of
mirth and excitement by capturing the
mil*; and a furlong selling affair, backed
from 50 to 20 to 1. The ex-jumper had
Willie See on his back, while Tommy
Burns bestrode Vinci tor. the 1 to 2 favor
ite from the Elmwood Farm stable. Off
flying, the rank outsider had things all to
himself, winning as he pleased. The
favorite experienced some difficulty under
Tommy Burns' hard riding- to beat
Charles Le Bel out for the place.
All the best ones v.-ere scratched from
the first event, a purse affair at six fur
lonps. Noth'ng Iftt in looked capable of
making Ordnung pal!op. and a 1 to 4
chance the Schorr horse won, easing
lip. Gold Lace, showing quite a cultured
burst of speed, took the place just aa
handily from Casdale.
Transformed into a "lepper" Lothian
•with Sutherland and 136 pounds on ' hla
tack, made a very creditable showing In
the hurdle nuniber, at one mile and six
furJor.gs, over seven obstacles. Hueston
had the mount on Lomo. the even mon^y
favorite. 'and In a hard drive Lothian lost
the decision to lire first choice by a head
only. Granger ran third, forty lengths
awaj\
Only half a dozen lined up in the six
&ud a half furlong run, which resulted in
t remarkably Oliver win for Mocorito.
ridden by Henry, and second choice in the
betting. Shaking off Montallade, the
chestnut ma:' led Ada N out four open
:• :.,--'. . s at ; !.v wire. Dominick astride the
favorite, Ber-ota, pulled up as the barrier
was released, losing much ground.
Tommy Burns had the leg up on Handi
capper in the second six- and a half fur
long c-vent, the (Shields horse closing fa
vorite at 7 to 5. The gelding outclassed
his field, winning without effort. El To
pio. after making all the running, began
ttojijilnB. and was noted out for the place
by The Sinjjer.
In the mile run following Burns again
piloted tfcS successful horse, In Charley
Kll'gon's Aster. Away In front, the geld
ir.g: waa never headed, finishing at the
t«*i>e three lengths before Scotch Plaid.
Ai post time, it waa 9 to 5 and your pick
between the horses mentioned.
Probable Winners.
First race— Bonnie Lissak, Grafter, Marechal
Nlei.
Second race— Dr. Bcharff, Corrlgan, J. V.
Third race— Faunette. Ulm, Dr. Marks.
Fourth race— Tuthlll, Great Bend, 'High Hoe.
Fifth race— Skip Me, Aphrodis, Lucera.
Sixth race— Scales. Lou Rey, Formero.
Sixth race— One tnile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1670 Herculean 109 1669 Kickumbob ....1C9
1675 Formero 112 1666 Lou Rey m
1543 Scales 103
FJfth race— Six furlongs; maiden three-year
old fillip*; purse.
1557 Pklp Me 110 .... Blanda 120
1431 Aphrodls loo 1636 Cath. Bravo.. ..108
Triple Cross 120 1649 Sublime to
1CS2 Llbbie Elklns..li: 1652 Companion ....108
15C4 Lucera 10?
Josephine B 1C3 1546 Tuthlll 104
16*4 Rollick 86 1670 Prestidigitator. M
16"0 Amasa 101 1641 High Hoe 99
1640 Sybarts 101 (1663)Maggle Davis. 105
1M1 Great Bend 104 1557 Invictue 9S
1444 Rio de Altar... 3S 1654 Florlnel II .. 93
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; celling.
Third race— One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
Unfi Faunette 97 1457 Sylvan Lass.... 97
1679 R, del Bandld's 99 1468 Dr. Marks 108
1615 Mary Kinsella, 97 U62 Bogus Bill 101
1553 Magnus M 1489 Rlxford 94
1S63 Honduran 101 E6tro .... 106
1651 Ulm 100
Second race— Three fin-long*; two-year-olds
purse.
1«72 Mike Murphy.. 110( .... Legato 113
1672 Or McXutt US .... Corrlgan ..." 113
1R72 Dr. Scharff ....113 .... Contestant 110
1662 Lnuwelsea 110 .... Cunard m
*£* **K O r Se Filly.. ..110 .... Legal Maxim ..110
16.2 J. V. Xtrby....llS .... Charette 113
BY F 1 . E. 3yEXJI_,I3:OLI_,A3SriD.
"The truth of the matter Is the action
of the council of administration is both
without precedent and entirely unten
able." paid George C. Cook, who acted as
spokesman for the Denver delegation.
"The different State departments will
probably take up this matter and decide
'whether they will still adhere to their
unanimous action at Chicago In favor of
Denver for the encampment September
next."
"The procuring of the one-cent-a-mlle*
rate for Denver has been accomplished
much earlier than ever before, and in
territory where the rate has never before
been made. The Denver committee feels
it has fully complied with the regula
tions of the national encampment at Chi
cago and is entitled to the meeting this
year, and It Is well advised that the
sentiment of the Grand Army throughout
the country Is favorable to Denver.
"The national encampment of the G.
A. R. at Chicago last year voted unani
mously to hold the encampment in Den
ver this year provided the railroads lead
ing thereto granted a rate of one cent
a mile. The Denver committee filed to
day with the commander-ln-chief and the
executive committee the notice by Chair
man McLeod of the Western Passenger
association, promulgating the one-cent
per-mile rate on the shortest mileage of
all thf> principal railroads leading to Den
ver from St. Louis, Chicago, St. Paul and
all Missouri River points. This, rate has
been promulgated for the Denver G. A.
R. encampment by railroads and connect
ing lines covering more than 50,000 miles
of lines leading to Denver.
The meeting of the council held to-day
was the result of the failure of Denver
to satisfy the council at its December
meeting of the city's ability to meet the
requirements of a one-cent-per-mile rail
road rate. Cleveland, Pittsburg and Den
ver sent delegations to to-day's meeting
to plead for the sending of the encamp
ment to their cities. The Cleveland dele
gation offered the written pledge of the
chairman of the Central Passenger Asso
ciation for a rate of one cent per mile to
the encampment; promised to raise the
necessary money to meet the expenses of
the encampment, offered free quarters in
100 schoolhouses for the old soldiers,
agreed to arrange the line of march to
suit, and produced written pledges. The
delegation representing Plttsburg, too,
pledged a one-cent rate, hotel accommo
dations, subscriptions and met the other
requirements of the encampment. Den
ver's applicants for encampment honors
produced letters from Chairman McLeod
of the Western Passenger Association,
promising the one-cent rate on six rail
roads. In addition, they made the neces*
sary promises as to accommodations and
entertainment. The written pledge of
Chairman McLeod, they claimed, met all
the requirements of the resolutions re
gardlng rates adopted In Chicago at the
thirty-fourth annual encampment. Half:
an hour's discussion resulted In the selec
tion of Cleveland, the vote being 1 five for
Cleveland, two for Denver and one for
Pittsburg. The Denver committee at once
held a secret meeting.
That they were disappointed and angry
over the outcome of their efforts to se
cure the encampment for Denver waa
plainly expressed. At the end of a half
hour's deliberation the following state
ment was prepared:
As a result of this action representa
tives of Denver Indicated that they in
tended to. take up the matter with the
various State departments and would also
hold an encampment the second week of
September.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 21. — Cleveland was to
day selected by the Council of Adminis
tration of the Grand Army of the Re
public for the next annual encampment,
to be held the week of September 9, 1S01.
"It is certain that if they do have an
encampment it will not be the national
encampment of the G. A. R.," was the
manner In which one dismissed tha sub
ject.
It Is said that Individual members of
the council were unwilling to di3cus<» tha
"manifesto." as they termed the docu
ment issued by Denver. They declared
the Denver people were mistaken when
they thought they had the promise of the
Pennsylvania and Xew York departments
to. so to Denver, and were certain that
none of the departments would refuse to
attend the encampment at Cleveland.
Commander in Chief Rassteur was
handed a copy of the statement Issued by
the Denver committee. Before reading It
he called the committee together, ex
plained that the statement was in exist
ence, and then read It.
The contents of the document produced
some little feeling of momentary charac
ter, which resulted In the council consid
ering the question behind closed doora
Ten minutes later the following was given
out by Commander Rassieur. speaking for
end with the sanction of the council*
"I have Just read what you inform ma
emanates from the comrades representing
Denver. It Is hard to believe that such a
statement emanates from a good Grand
Army comrade. Assuming that It does I
desire simply to state that the executive
committee, with the light before it and
after having given Denver two hearings
and weighing everything presented by it
decided that the next encampment of the
Grand Army should be held at Cleveland
Ohio. September 9. 190L At that encamp-'
ment this committee will report the facts
which led them to the action taken and
every Grand Army comrade will doubtless
heartily approve of that action. We have
endeavored to do what is best for tha
Grand Army and in compliance with the
ection of the thirty-fourth national en
campment, notwithstanding the statement
made which. It la said, emanates from tha
Denver comrades."
The work of endeavoring to win over
the various departments east of the
Mississippi River will be commenced at
once, so the Denver committee stated to
night.
#r We have, as stated In that document. «e
cured the one-cent rate on all trunk lines
from the Mississippi River points. That
includes all the lines from Chicago, St.
Louis and St. Paul, something that has
been sought for on other occasions and
never been secured. We did not. it is
true, secure a written pledge from a num
ber of minor lines running into the city,
but when one considers that we have thu
Chicago and Alton, the Burlington, the
W abash, Missouri Pacific, Union Pacific.
Rock Island, the Santa Fe and the St.
Louis and San Francisco, you can read
ily see that we have all the lines that
would carry any passengers from th<?
East. The other lines will be bound to
fall In line, and with the Influence we
could bring to bear when it was seen that
the encampment was coming- to Denver
there would not have been the slightest
doubt of success in that line. The fact
that the other requirements were met en
tirely to the satisfaction of the council
shows that on the railroad matter alone
hung any excuse for our failure. These
rates will be allowed to stand, however,
and the committee says there will be an
encampment In Denver this fall. The
Pennsylvania department as well as that
of Xew York has stated that It Intends
coming to Denver and so have other
States. The matter has not ended with
to-day's decision, for It wrlll be taken up
by the committee with the State depart
ments at once."
Selection of the City for the Next Annual
Encampment the Cause of Trouble.
DIVISION IN THE RANKS
OF THE GRAND ARMY MEN
REDWOOD Cli X". Jan. -21.— The agita
tion against unlimited horse-racing In the
county of San Mateo,. which was begun
and continued persistently by the best cit
izens of the county, reached a conclusion
to-day' in the adoption of a restrictive or
dinance by the Board of Supervisors. By
authority of this ordinance horse-racing
in the county of San Mateo must be lim
ited, on and after February 5, 1901, to a
period of thirty-five days In each year.
The ordinance states specifically that
there is no purpose to harm legitimate
sport, which is conducive to the breeding
of good horses and not unhealthful to the
community at large. The ordinance does
aim, however, at gambling, which Is pro
ductive of many evils. The new law of
th'e county adopted to-day prohibits any
person, firm, partnership, association or
corporation, operating within or •without
an inclosure, to give, permit or conduct
horse races for a purse, stake, prize, re
ward or premium for a period longer than
thirty-five days. ¦»
The law also prohibits any person, firm,
partnership, association or corporation
from allowing any one else to do what It
cannot do under the law. The penalties
for violation of the ordinance are a con
viction of misdemeanor, a fine of not more
than $500. Imprisonment for six months, or
both fine and Imprisonment. The ordin
ance will become operative fifteen days
after its adoption, or on February o. 1901.
For the purposes of the ordinance the
year shall be considered to begin on the
day when the new law shall take effect.
The new law Is In full as follows:
. ORDINANCE NO. 168.
Relative to horse races, horse race meetings
and contests of Bpeed or endurance between
horses for any purse-, ctake, prize, reward or
premium, and limiting the time during which
the same may take place.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Supervisors Restrict the Game to Thir
ty-Five Days in a Year.
Whereas. Horse racing properly conducted
during a limited period of time each year en
courages the breeding of fast horses, and the
breeding thereof 13 of material benefit to the
State; and
Whereas. Unlimited bnrse racing merely en
genders the love of gambling, which results In
crimes and evils of many kinds:
Xoxr, therefore. The Board of Supervisors of
the county of San Mateo dr> ordain as follows:
Section 1— It shall be unlawful for any per
son, firm, partnership, association, corporation
or Individual, at any place within the county
of San Mateo. State of California, either within
or ¦without the lnclosure of a race track, park
or grounds, to hold or give or permit or con
contests of. speed or endurance between horses,
for any purse, stake, prize, rewari or premium
for any period of time longer than thlrty-flv»
(£5) day» in or during any year, la the county
cf San Mateo. State of California.
Section 2 — It shall be unlawful for any pep
son, firm, Individual, corporation or associa
tion owning or operating or conducting or la
control of any race track, park or inelosure
within the limits of the county of San Mateo.
State of California, whereon races hare been
held during any year for the time permitted
by this ordinance, to thereafter during »uch
year permit or suffer or allow any other per
son, firm, association, corporation or individual
to hold, conduct. mant;e, carry on or take
pctrt In any horse race or any contest of speed
or endurance or race between horses for any
purse, itake, prize, reward or premium within
said race track, park or lnclosure.
Section a— Any person, firm, association, cor
poration or Individual violating any of the pr->
visions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor and punished by a fine not
exceeding five hundred dollars, or Imprisonment
In the County Jail of ths county of San Mateo,
State of California, not exceeding six months,
or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Section 4— All ordinances and parts of ordi
nances in conflict with any of the provisions
of this ordinance are hereby repealed.
Section S — The year above mentioned shall
commence annually on the date whereon this
ordinance takes effect.
Section 8— This ordinance shall take effect
and b« in force from and after fifteen days
after Its passage.
RACING IS LIMITED
FOR SAN MATEO
MONTREAL, Jan. 21— C. F. Little to
night i undertook to throw Louis Cyr, the
Canadian • strong I man. Graeco- Roman
style. In twenty minutes. He accom
plished the task In four minutes. Cvr
weighed 340 and Little 160.
;•- ' . : - - ¦ ¦ • . ' t - ' ¦; •
Little Throws Cyr.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 21.-San Diego took
the starch out of the San Bernardino ag
gregation in the game to-day.' The con
teBt was marred because of the incessant
and sometimes profane kicking of Cap
tain Donlin of the San Diegos and Kelly
of the San Bernardinos. The teams had
received an authorization to play a league
game and the victory therefore puts the
San Diegos up among the leaders with the
merest fraction between them. The score
book shows about an errorless game
Both Doyle and Jones did excellent work
at the slab. The score: San Diego, 3; San
Bernardino, 2. .«>•.<*"
San Diego Wins Another
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1901.
Furnishes the Surprise Reopening Day
at Tanforan Park.
CREDO, A 50 TO 1
SHOT, HOME FIRST
HANDBALL TOURNEY AND TURF EVENTS
Olympic Club Athletes Play Brilliant Games and Are
Lustily Cheered by Their Fellow-Members.
HANDBALL TOURNAMENT
NARROWS TO SEMI-FINALS
8
NAME. I Played.
j Won. I Lost
_ _^_
William Cartwrlght 3
George James 3
Henry Russ 3
Fred Butz 3
A. Duffy 3
Phil Newman 3
I
3 0
S 0
2 1
2 1
2 1
2 1
NAME. I Played.
j Won. I Lost
_ _^_
William Cartwrlght 3
George James 3
Henry Russ 3
Fred Butz 3
A. Duffy 3
Phil Newman 3
I
3 0
S 0
2 1
2 1
2 1
2 1
"— ~ iMANILA. Jan. 21.-The act establishing
the Department of Public Instruction was
unanimously passed by the Philippine
Commission to-day, after a debate.be
tween Commissioner Mosc f ff , a " d rpl f"^
Taft over the section permitting religious
instruction In schoolhousea.
The Commissioners were In favor of the
section originally but Commissioner
>i nsM became convinced lt^as not wise
concerning the separation of churcn ana
BUte K the "questionable provision" were
InaSed. The 'commissioner el»ngtert«d
FChwls unless religious instruction were
Ss?w^s Inadvisable when one of the par.
ties was predisposed against a compro-
m judKe Taft offered a substitute permit
ting teaching thrice weekly by priests and
ministers to pupils whose parents desired
that their children receive such instruc
tion and prescribing the dismissal of
teachers who attempt to nfluence pupils
religiously and the suspension of the privi
leges of priests and ministers whose teach
ings create disloyalty or disorder.
Concerning the alleged disobedience of
the administration's Instructions, Ju&ze
Taft said the question would be whether
such use of school buildings would involve
a tax on the peonle. He cited the facts
that the school buildings in use were being
used for political and religious purposes,
notwithstanding the opposing attitude pf
the Federal party leaders. The Judge said
he did not believe a majority of the party
or of the people were opposed to it. He
believed the opposition was caused chiefly
by fear of ecclesiastical control. The
Judge did not believe the hierarchy of
the church would approve of the radical
propositions of the Central Catholics. If
experience proved the wisdom of repeal
ing the section it would at least be after
the Government had shown that it is
neither Protestant nor pro-Cattolic.
Commissioner Ide voted with Commis
sioner Moses asralnst Judge Taft. on the
substitute, explaining that he questioned
whether the substitute would accomplish
the purpose sought.
After the adoption of Commissioner
Moses* amendment the bill was unani
mously passed.
Conclusion Reachtd by the
Taft Commission in th»
Philippines.
SCHOOLS MUST
BE SECULAR
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 21.— John Bna» of
Black Canyon, 1 near 1 Lake ', Lagunltas,
foreman .of a woodchoppers* camp, was
arrested - to-day by Officer Gorley on a
charge of cruelty to animals for driving a
horse only half covered with cuticle.
Cruelty to a Horse.
JOINT rNST AT>T. A TTOiN .
and Women of Woodcraft.
Meeting of Woodmen of the World
WINTERS, Jan. 21.— The Woodmen of
the World with their associate order, the
Women of Woodcraft, held a Joint install
ation, accompanied by a banquet, in the
Masonic Hall.
The following officers were Installed:
Woodmen— Counsel commander. W. D.
Overhouse; physician, B. K. Caldwell;
banker, C. E. Wyatt; clerk, T. J. Crane;
escort, L. A. Hodge; watchman, T. D.
Baker; sentry, J. W. Chapman; manager,
M. D. Wyatt. Women of Woodcraft-
Past grand, Mrs. Lulu Wyatt; O. W.
Mary Morris; adviser, Maud Lammer;
magician, May Marshall; clerk, Mrs. Min
nie Devllblss; banker, T. J. Crane; attend •
ant. Miss B. Pearse; Inner sentinel; Miss
L. Bryce; outer sentinel. Dr. M. O. Wyatt;
captain of guards, Miss Chad wick; .musi
cian, Mrs. B. Sinclair; managers, Mrs.
Hodge, Mrs. Warder, Mrs. Hacke; physi
cian. E. K. Caldwell.
. After the installation and a literary
programme -the two orders sat down to
a banquet that did honor to the commit
tees on arrangements.
Big Blaze at Walla Walla,
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Jan. 2L—
Early this morning fire broke out In the
basement of the Stenrel building, destroy
ing the stock of general merchandise of
Joseph Merchant. The lower floor .waa
completely gutted. Lodgers from the up
per , rooms were compelled to escape : by
means of ropes and ladders. Loss about
J25.000. '
Borrows a Horse.
SALINAS, Jan. 2L— Jose Castro, an in
corrigible, 18 years old. was arrested this
afternoon, and charged with grand lar
ceny. He took a valuable horse from a
ranch near this city and after riding
nearly thirty miles was captured upon
the animal. He has been . arrested In
numerable times for - t>etty offenses, but
only twice for more serious ones, and es
caped punishment owing to his youth.
He Is a descendant of tho celebrated
Castro fa-mlly of this county.
Site for Odd Fellows' Home.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 2L— A site i at La
veaga' : Helehts has .been' selected ¦ as tha
location for the Odd Fellows' Home.
WINTERS. Jan. 21.— After an exile of
several years Bay King has found his
mother, a wealthy resident of Chicago.
Six years ago, then only 14 years of age,
he came to California and found a home
with James Marshall, a farmer. In the
vicinity of Dlxon.
Separated from his mother when but a
child, he was placed in environments that
became distasteful to him, and at the
age of 14 h« left old associations to work
for himself. For two years he has been
In Winters, and by his quick Intelligence
and gentlemanly macners has won th9
friendship of all who knew him.
Acting on Impulse several weeks ago
he wrote East to friends whom he re
membered inquiring- about his mother He
Immediately received her address and a
letter from a Ion* bereaved and anxious
woman who for year* had supposed hsr
boy dead or lost forever to her. She is a
wealthy cosmopolitan:, -robbed of home
comforts, she has wandered restlessly
over sea and land for many years. At her
urgent request Ray left to-day for Chi
cago.
FINDS HIS MOTHER
AFTER MANY YEARS
Bay King, Separated From His Par
ents When a Child, Finally
Locates Her.
Superintendent Jones and Resident En
gineer Robinson made a careful investi
gation to determine the cause of the acci
dent. The track was found in good con
dition; the tie was plated and the rail not
worn. The gauge was all right. In the
opinion of the superintendent the derail
ment undoubtedly was due to a defect In
the car first leaving the tracks. .The car
belonged to- the Cudahy Company.
The tunnel was cleared at 6 o'clock to
nleht, when the three belated passenger
trains were allowed to go through.
The train, which was" east bound, was
going at moderate speed when the fourth
car from the engine left the rails. The
remainder of the train followed It. The
engine was stopped as soon as possible
and word was sent to Truckee for a
wrecking crew. It arrived at daybreak.
Tho-work of clearing the track was slow,
owing to the limited amount of working
space In the tunnel.
SUMMIT, Jan. 21. — There was a bad
freight wreck in tunnel No. 11 on the
Southern Pacific line near here early thlj
morning. Fourteen cars were derailed
and several of them were badly demol
ished. No one was Injured.
FREIGHT WRECK
IN SUMMIT TUNNEL
Fourteen Cars Leave the
- Rails and Seyeral Are
Demolished.
Glenogle Sails for Japan.
TACOMA, Jan. 21.— The steamship Glen
ogle sailed this morning for China and
Japan with a full cargo and two cabin
passengers. Her outward cargo is valued
at J141.0C2. The principal item of export
15 as usual, flour, of which there are 62,846
sacks.
BUSH TO BESTAKE CLAIMS.
Stampede of Illners to th« Porcupine
District
PEATTT.E. Jan. 21.— With th« object of
rp«takln^ unr^pre-ented claims more
Than l^t miners have rushed Into the Por
cupine district. Fights have been numer
ous, and in one case revolvers were used.
Bob Tounppr shot J. D. Livingstone at
Porcupine City, during a dispute over
mlnlnc property. Friends stopped the
row. Th*» wounded man was taken to
Juneau for treatment. Th<* two men were
y.artn*>rf=, but became Involved In a. quar
icl. hard name* were called, and In a flt
of anger Younger pulled his gun and shbt
I>lvlngstone in the right forearn. Inflicting
a painful but not dangerous wound. The
trouble was patched up.
suddenly quieted down and nothing was
accomplished. Then a protection commit
tee, made un of American and English
shareholders, was organized, but ere this
body had begun its work there was a
proposition to absorb the Central by the
Southern Pacific.
"The total number of English shares In
the Central Pacific was 377.000. The prop
osition was to hand these shares over In
exchange for Southern Pacific stock. Be
fore we realized what was happening the
Speyers began to buy up the English
stock and soon they heLd a controlling In
terest. I claim that the absorption of this
Central Pacific stock waa illegal and that
our stock was obtained by false represen
tations.
"Then, again, they issued preferred
stock, exchanging it for wprthlesa South
ern Pacific stock, which they had no right
to do. I believe we have a good case and
I do not propose to let the matter drop
until It has reached the courts and passed
their judgment." /
The officers of the Oceanic Steamship
Company for the next year will. be: John
D. Spreckels, president; A. B. Spreckels,
vice-president and treasurer; W. D. K.
Gibson, A. S. Tubbs, T. B. Pheby, George
Frltch and Claus Spreckels directors, and
E. H. Sheldon, secretary.
John D. Spreckels & Bros. Company, 327
Market street, are the general agents of
the concern, and all hands predict a pros
perous year for^the big company.
of vessels Jl, 690, 309 09
Twelve months' dividends 150,000 00
Operating expenses 916,14118
Total J2.7S6.45O 2«
Funds on hand 274,611 M>
There was an enthusiastic meeting of
the shareholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company yesterday. It was shown that
during the year the big concern had paid
$150,000 In dividends and that there was
still about 1275,000 in the treasury. The
company has purchased three new steam
ers — the Sierra, Sonoma and Ventura, —
and the cost of these and other expenses
ran the disbursements up to nearly a mil
lion and three quarters.
In his report to the board of directors.
President John D. Spreckels took great
pleasure In noting the great freight and
passenger earnings of the Sierra,
The report of Secretary Sheldon on the
financial standing of the company was as
follows:
Funds on hand at the beginning of
the fiscal year I74S.511 37
From bond Issue 1,250.000 00
Bale of three Balling vessels 24.000 00
Regular receipts for the year........ 1,013, 5W 69
Total $3,031,062 06
Disbursements, Including purchase
Big Steamship Corporation
Has Very Successful
Year.
Verdict Blames College of
Physicians and Surgions
for a Death. •
Chloroform is not the proper thing to
administer to a man afflicted with alco
holism or valvular disease of the heart.
Such is the opinion of Autopsy Surgeon
Bacigalupl, who was examined as a wit
ness yesterday before a Coroner's Jury
In the Inquest on the body of Philip Mc-
Gonlgle, a longshoreman who died under
chloroform administered by Dr. J. H.
Healy at the College of Physicians and
Surgeons on January 17, McGonlgle was
having a finger amputated at th« time.
Dr. Bacigalupl said that McGoniglo was
In a bad way. Not only was his heart
weak but he had cirrhosis of the liver and
diseased kidneys. The chloroform was
what killed him.
The Jury returned a verdict that Mc-
Gonlgle died of heart disease, the con
tributing cause being chloroform narcosis,
and In conclusion eays:
"And we further censure the manage
ment of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons for not using due caution In ex
amining the patient before administering
an anesthetic."
The veridjct was approved by the Cor
oner. '<.;••'.
OCEANIC COMPANY
ANNUAL MEETING
an acrltation against the conduct of the
company in press. The London Times and
the leading financial papers of England
took it up and scored the American road
most severely. In October. 1S94, Hunting
ton was forced to act.
"The Speyers got together four promi
nent stock exchange men. They were F.
G. Banbury. Lord Alden Compton, J. B.
Ackroyd and Daniel Manks. Then the
Speyers wrote a note to me, asking me to
become a member of the committee. I
accepted with the understanding that Jo
seph Price and the late Mr. Peevas should
also be made members. The committee
held several meetings, but suddenly 1
found myself quite alone in the move for
a thorough Investigation of the Central
Pacific Company's affairs.
"In 1897 I succeeded in getting another
Investigating committee appointed. It
was headed by C. S. Fairchlld of. New
York. Meetings were held and It waa pro
posed to reorganize the company. But
like the other committee, this one, too.
JURY CENSURES
THE DOCTORS
IF all that "Walter Morshead has to
eay about the Southern Pacific Com
pany's alleged trickery and crooked
ness is true there will be some sensa
tional exposures ere the English
stockholder Is through airing his griev
ances against the big corporation. As an
nounced in yesterday's Call, Morshead
has come to San Francisco to projss an
old complaint against the company— a
complaint which its author considers well
founded, but one which he ha-« heretofore
had preat difficulty In bringing to an Issue
for the reason that, as Morshead claims,
the men whom he had Interested would
Invariably and without any apparent rea
son suddenly chance their minds and drop
all Interest In the proceedings. The griev
ances of Morshead and his English friends
may be summed up in a single point,
namely, that a railroad corporation has
no legal right to absorb the stock of an
other railroad when such transaction is to
the great detriment of the stockholders
of the road absorbed.
That the Southern Pacifie has violated
the above rule, absorbing the Central Pa
cific, Morshead says he will show when
the case comes to trial. He intends to
show further that not only was the ab
sorption of the Central Pacific by the
Southern Pacific effected to the detriment
of the Central Pacific stockholders, but
that the deal was carried on In an illegral
manner, and he further alleges that the
English stockholders were induced to
place their shares upon the market
through misrepresentation and by other
devious methods.
The English syndicate which Morshead
represents has retained local counsel and
it is proposed to push th£ case -without
further delay. The two bills now pending
before Judge Morrow will be strength
ened by supplementary bills which are
being prepared, and which will be filed
Immediately upon the return of Morshead
from Portland, where he goes to-day 'on
matters pertaining to the case.
Just why Morshead should make use of
the recent sale of $10,000,000 of Southern
Pacific bonds as a basis for his renewed
complaint officials of the company are at
a loss to explain. "It's a hook upon
which untruthful scandals may be hung,"
is the way one Southern Pacific official
summed up the case yesterday. Then he
added:
"That $10,000,000 issue has been over
subscribed long ago, yet Morshead comes
forward with a circular warning: the pub
lic not to subscribe. To me the circular
reads like an embellished innuendo. If
Morshead owned any stock of the Central
Pacific he had every opportunity to get
the same as the other shareholders. Eacl"
stockholder was given his choice of ac
cepting so much per share for the Central
Pacific stock or taking a corresponding
number of shares In the Southern Pacific
Company.
"I fall to see where there was anything
crooked about that proposition. There
were several English stockholders who al
ways opposed the majority when tha Cen
tral Pacific was In existence. They used
to glory in being in the 'waspish* minor
ity. I am of the opinion that it Is the
same crowd who are now trying to stir up
a breeze and make out a case."
President Hays read The Call article
with considerable Interest.
"It is ail Greek to me," he remarked,
"no I would not attempt to speak on the
matter until I am better informed. It
seems to me. though, as if the reference
to the recent Issue of $10,000,000 was *ot
«>lgn to Mr. Morshead's grievance. Per
haps he may have good cause for action,
but of course as to that I am not now pre
pared to state."
Morshead claims that the English
shareholders in the Central Pacific were
never properly treated.
"Bogus 2 per cent dividends were given
them." he says, "by the late Collis P.
Huntington. In 1S94 we had an alteration
lease thrown at our heads. I then led
Walter Morshead Says That Bogus Dividends Were Issued
by the Late Collis P. Huntington and That Pre
ferred Stock Was Placed on the Market Illegally
Pleasanton— St. Paul's Mission: Cathedral
staff. Mr. Johnstone, A. W. Darwall. Mrs. A.
W. Darwall. Mrs. Trefry, Mrs. Sinclair.
Patchln— Christ Church Mission: C. C Wil
kinson, Mrs. C. C. Wilkinson.
Redwood City— St. Peter's: Rev. H. A. R.
Ramsay, James Crowe.
Rosedale— St. John's Mission: Rev. Edward
Morgan J. Wallace Johnson, Frederick A.
Batty. George Demaine.
Salinas— St. Paul's: Rev. C. M. We«tlake, J.
W. Rowllns, Matthew Williams, Alexander
Patterson. R. L. Porter, J. A. Webster.
San Ardo— St. Matthew's Mission: Rev. C. M.
Hope, George Dudley, Mrs. H. Glmbal.
San Francisco— Church of the Advent: Rev.
Herbert Parrish. Rev. H. B. Monges, Ira D.
Thompson, George W. Reed, C. O. Johnson,
George Broderson.
San Francisco— Grace: Rev. R. C. Foute, W.
H Crocker, L. M. Rlngwalt. William Mlntzer,
George H. Hooke, Herbert Folser.
San Francisco — St. James Mission: Rev. E.
J -Lion, Rev. S. J. Lee, C. H. Hubbs, James
Vincent, G. A. Shearer, J. Marshall, J. H.
San Francisco— St. John the Evangelist: Rev.
L. C. Sanford, Rev. A. W. Kierulff. F. W. Van
Reynegom, F. H. Elchbaum, B. McKlnne, F. L.
Southack. George S. Baker, M. D.
San Francisco— St. Luke's: Rev. A. 8. Clark.
A. N. Drown. H. C. Davis. A. H. Phelps. G. H.
Kellogg. William A. M. Van Bokkelen.
San Francisco— St. Mary the Virgin: Rev.
Stephen Innep. D. J. H. Philip. M. D., A. E.
Sawyer, Dr. de Fonseca, Edward Evans, Fran
cis Rufsell.
San Francisco— St. Paul's: Rev. XV. M.
Rellly. Rev. A. C. Wilson. Thomas A. Klrkpat
rlck. Eugene R. Ellis, Dr. William Hlmmels
bach Edward D. Bullard, Dr. J. M. Gassaway.
San Francisco— St. Peter's: Rev. XV. M.
Boure Alexander Gray, George Cuthbert. Major
J. C. Robinson, H. T. Graves, George J. Phil-
San Francisco— St. Stephen's: Rev. B. J.
Lion. Rev. S. J. Lee, F. Harvey, A. F. Price,
C. Edward Holmes. F. Gardiner, C. J. Burn
ham, M. D.
San FrandBOO— Trinity: Rev. F. W. Clam
pett D. D., Rev. Edwin Johnson, W. B.
Hooper, W. E. Dean. J. F. Houghton. J. V. D.
Mlddleton, M. D-. Robert Bruce.
San Jose — Christ Church Mission: Rev. J. A.
O'Mearft. D. D.
San Jose— Trinity: Dr. M. A. Sonthworth.
Rev. B. M. Weeden, A. S. Bacon. E. H. Ouppy,
Mrs. M. A. Southworth. Mrs. E. H. Guppy.
San Luis Oblspo — St. Stephen's Mlrsion: Rev.
E. M. "W. Hills, Jessie E. Lewis. Benjamin
Brooks.
San Mateo— Church of St. Matthew: R«v. E.
L Parson?. E. D. Beylard. F. Paxson Howard.
William H. Howard. L. C. McAfee. F. S.
San Miguel— St. John's Mission: Rev. C. M.
Hoge Miss Kirk.
San Rafael— St. Paul's: Rev. Wyllys Hall.
D D William Babcock, Carter P. Pomeroy.
Vincent Neale, John F. Boyd. Ernest A. Cox.
Santa Clara— Church of the Holy Saviour Mis
sion: Rev. E. H. Benson. Mrs. S. Sennett. Mrs.
Clara Kuhl. Mrs. C. E. Moore, C. E. Moore,
Louis F. Punoiin. ¦ .....
Santa Cruz— Calvary: Rev. C. O. Tlllotson,
Major H. -D. Oerrard, F. W. Stansfeld, E. B.
Colllngi". James' Hopkins, B. C. Gadsby.
Bausallto— Chrlnt Church: Rev. A. C. Wilson.
Selma— St. . Luke's Mission: . Rev. -William
Higgs, w. R. Stammers. H. H. Borchers, Miss
R de G. Cutter, Mips 8arah Parrow, Miss Wln-
Sonorn— St. James Mission: Rev. C. B. Llns
ley. C. H. Burden, Thomas W. Wells. William
J. Scattergood, Mrs. Nellie Rother, Mrs. A. P.
Johnson. _
South San Francisco— Grace Mission: Rev. J.
N T Goes.
Stocktonr- St. John's: Rev. J. T. Bryan. R.
E. Wllholt, J. M. Welsh. H. H. Hewlett, An
drew Wolfe, C. E. Owen.
Tulare— St. John's Mission: Her. Austin
Vlsalla— St.' Paul's Mission: Re,v. A. Bcrlven.
Walnut Creek— 6t. Paul's Mission: Cathedral
" Watsonvllle— All Saints': Rev. H. B. Collier.
William Burbeck. Edward A. Hall. Mrs. W. R.
Porter. Mrs. J. Linscott, Mrs. H. C. Wyckoff.
West . Berkeley — Good Shepherd Mission:
Cathedral staff. •
Oakland— St. * John's: Rev. M. N. Ray.
Thomas B. Cofrhlll, F. E. Mason. R. M. Sher
man, Edward Tompklns. C. K. King.
Oakland-St. Paul's: Rev. R. Ritchie, C. D.
Haven. J. II. Wallace, F. W. Hall, Henry Tay
lor. Brace Hayden.
Oakland— Trinity: Rev. J. Bakewell. D. D.:
H. M. Sanborn. T. V. Bakewell. S. J. Taylor.
John Hampton, W. N. Pearce.
Pacific Grov*— St. Mary's by the Sea Mission:
Rev. H. Chetwood, T. W. Cowan, E. H. Price.
Mrs. T. W. Cowan, Mrs. Emily C. Dills, Mrs.
Frances Kingeley.
Palo Alto— All Saints': Rev. D. C. Gardner,
H. R. Falrclough. Mllnor Roberts. Harold
Mucklestone, Mr. Fosdick, Sherman Kimball.
Oakland— Church of the Advent: Rev. Will
iam C. Shaw, T. E. Pope, Joseph Stalder, C. E.
Foot. A. J. Read. Dr. H. I. Jones.
Oakland— St. Andrew's: Rev. C. N. Lathrop.
jjiles— Trinity Mission: Rev. T. G. Crump.
Oakdale— St. Matthias Mission— Rev. C. S.
Tlnsley, Miss B. Dorsey, deaconess: Miss L. V.
Smallwood. Miss E. D. Dorsey, Mrs. Charles
Tulloch. Mrs. M. A. Lovell.
Mill Valley— Church cf Our Savior Mission:
Rev. II. Howltt, Julian Harries, J. B. Mackle.
Modesto— St. Paul's Mission: Rev. D. O.
Kelley, William H. Hatton, Frank Creesey,
Tracy, R. Kelley, Mrs. Y. H. Bondeau, Miss
Belle V. Hewell.
Mokelumne Hill— St. Paul's Mission: Rev.
William Tuson.
Monterey— St. James Mission: Rev. James S.
McGowan.
Menlo Park— Trinity: Rer. N. B. W. Gall
wey, XV. XV. Taylor, Edgar Mills, Perry Eyre.
Merced — St. Luke's Mission: Rev. George H.
Jenks, M. D., A. R. Gurr. E. T. Dixon, J. A.
Norvell, Mrs. M. R. O'Brien, Mrs. Emily M.
Jenks.
Martinet— Grace: Cathedral staff, O. A.
Sherman, Samuel Potter, E. L. Brown, R. L.
Ulch. C. C. Swan.
Los? Gatos — St. Luke's: Rev. J. C. Robblns.
J. W. Lyndon. Mrs. J. W. Lyndon, Mrs. J. J.
Sullivan," Mrs. T. H. I'orris.
Madera— Trinity Mission: Rev. George H.
Jerks, M. D., J. G. Long. A. F. Barker, J. E.
Xcwman.
Lindsay— St. James Mission.
Livormore— Grace Mlrslon: Cathedral staff,
Mrp. B. P. Barker, Miss B. Foster, Mrs. Ellis
Hayes. C. F. Mess, H. B. Wagoner.
Ix>rln— St. Matthew's Mission: Rev. T. I*
Randolph, H. C. McGoe. Mrs. A. M. Coxhead,
Mrs. R. H. Spencer, Miss Eatella Turner.
Panlel Durnell.
Jolon— St. Luke's Mission: Rev. C. M. Hoge,
Mrs. Helen. Tldball, Alexander Zahpmann.
Mrs. Pemberton.
Kings City— St. Mark's Mission: Rev. C. M.
Hoge, W. C. Hamilton.
Hayward— Trinity Mission: Rev. James
Hulme, Captain Miller. Henry Mills, Mrs. O.
L. Warfel. Mrs. Captain Miller, Mrs. R. Mills.
HolHster— St. Luke"s Mission, Cathedral MIs
alon.
Fresno— St. James: Rev. Harvey S. Hanson,
F. M. Miller. W. G. TJridpe. C. H. Emmons.
F. M. Lee. B. G. McDoutrall.
Gilroy — St. Stephen's Mission cathedral staff:
M. Lennon, Mrs. Marlon Franklin. Mrs. John
Mllnes, Mrs. M. A. Farrar, J. F. Trivett.
Hanford— Church of Ihe Savior: Rev. F. J.
Mynard. James Shaw Robertson, Charles
Downing. George Brailsford, J. W. Barbour,
William H. Brailsford.
Alameda— Christ Church: R. C. Medcraft.
Rev. T. J. Lacey, Ph. D., Edward Brown. F.
M. French, C. F. Michaels. E. B. Hore.
Bakersneld— St. Paul's: Rev. Edward
Morgan, W. C. Ambrose, A. C. Mande, E. W.
AVri^ht, George Bullock.
Belmont— Rev. H. A. R. Ramsay.
Beikeley— St. Mark's: Rev. George E. Swan,
John Htnkel. Edward Gray. Victor J. Robert
son, H. R. Braden. Oliver Youngs.
Ccnterville— St James Mleslon: Rev. T. O.
Crump.
EH Paso de Robles— St. James Mission: Rev.
C. M. Hoge, S. M. Merk, Frank Frost, Charles
Trussler.
Fowler— St. Michael and All Angels* Mission:
Rev. William Higrgs. H. M. Nock, Charles H.
Norris, W. G. Urldge. Mrs. C. H. Norrls, Mrs.
Mattel.
Ban Francisco— Cathedral Mission ot the Good
Samaritan: Rev. William Ingraham Kip Jr.,
priest in charge; Rev. James P. Turner, Rev.
Clifton Macon, Rev. 1). O. Kelley, Rev. D.
McClure, Ph. D., associate priests.
San Francisco— Cathedral staff: Ven. John
A. Emery, archdeacon; Rev. H. Howltt, Rev.
T. L. Randolph, Rev. D. 0. Kelley, Rev. . E.
II. Benson, Rev. J. N. T. Goss. Rev. M. D.
Wilson. Rev. J. D. Yoshlmura, Rev. C. M.
Hcge, Rev. C. S. Llnsley, Rev. C. Hitchcock,
Rev. H. A. R. Ramsay. Rev. C. N. Lathrop.
Rev. J. C. Robblna and twelve lay readers.
The fifty-first annual convention of the
Kpiscopal Council of the diocese of Cali
fornia w}ll meet this morning at Grace
Church, corner of California and Stock
ton streets. The various organized and
unorganized parishes and missions of the
diocese will be represented at the con
vention, the following being a list of tha
delegates who will attend:
tend the Meeting, Which Prom
ises to Be of Special
Interest.
Larg« Numbers of I>elegates "Will At-
Council of the State Diocese
Meets This Morning at
Grace Church.
EPISCOPALIANS
CONVENE TO-DAY
Th«> ordinance to prevent the manufac
tnre and sale if any Injurious food, adul
t*>ratPd rr pr«^sf>rvrniv«», containing borax
or other compound, was passed to print.
The board adjourned to me*t on Fri
day aftprnoTn at 2 o'clock to take up the
water rate investigation.
Th» Mil repealing the ordinance author
izing the Board of Public Works to in
vest'gate all applications for permission
to do street work under private contract
v.n<\ to grant permlrslon therefor was re
f<rr<*<5 ro thfi Judiciary Committee.
The Finance Committee was requested
to investigate the advisability of provid
ing funds in the next budget for the lm
prr.v^ment.
The Park Commissioners were requested
to undertake the improvement of Bernal
Park, for which the sum of $2500 was set
s?i-1<» In the budget fcr this fiscal year.
Tbejr tvere authorized to draw demands
¦must this fund for the purpose of ef
fectias th«» improvement. t
A resolution of condolence waa passed
on ?h*> death of Dr. R. Bei-ertey Cole, and
St was ordered spread on the Journal of
tho bonrd.
A resolution stating it to be the sense
of th»» board that the acquisition of a par
cel of land for fl2.(>00 for the purpose of
or-^ningr up Duncan street from San Jose
n v^nue to Tiffany avenue Is desirable waa
E'l^pted.
An ordinance providing for the inspec
tion of steam boilers every eix months
by some competent engineer or boiler ln
tpector was passed to print. The owners
of such boilers must file with the Chief
Engineer of the Fire Department certifi
cates signed by the inspector as to the
t-afety of the boilers.
The ordinance authorizing the board to
en. ploy a clerk at a salary of $100 per
month to revise the existing ordinances
and to suggest amendments to the char
ier was finally passed. Clitus Barbour
is slated for the plar*.
*Tne ordinance extending the pound
limits to the county line was defeated,
Comte, Curtis. D'Ancona, Dwyer, Jen
nlnits.. McCarthy s*nd Reed voting no. and
Booth. Brandenstein, Connor, Pontana,
Stafford. Tobin and "Wilson aye. Mc-
Carthy gave notice of reconsideration at
the next meeting.
Th» resolution providing for the con-
Ftruction of a building in the City and
County Hospital grounds for the care of
people sick with contagious diseases other
than leprosy or smallpox was laid over.
Purinp the discussion Tobin said that the
City a->d County Hospital was a disgrace
to the city.
The Board of Works was authorized to
build a home for the City and County
Hospital nurses at a cost of $2000.
The ordinance providing for the full ac
ceptance of Spear street, between Market
i.:.o Mission streets: I^afayette Place, be
tween Green and Union, and Rose avenue,
between L*agur.a and Octavia, were final
ly rasiifd.
The crtilnance reducing the width ot
sidewalks t-n Clement street to fifteen feet
was indefinitely postponed.
The Bay City Amateur Athletic Club
was pranied permission to hold a boxing
t-Ahibition during January on payment of
the proper license tax.
The ordinance providing for the con
struction and control of automatic sprink
lers for buildings and manufacturing
plant? and the connection of the same
with water mains was passed to print.
The resolution providing for the lighting
of street lamps during eo-called "moon
l:pht nights " was indefinitely postponed
on recommendation of the Uight Commit
u-e. which favors the placing of lights In
ouiside districts instead.
.•vny pupils desiring the privelege men
tioned shiiil secure irom the principal or
head teacher of the school which ne at
itnas a certificate showing that the pupil
is in actual attendance therein. Any vio
la liuu by the street railway corporations
is made punishable by a nne ot $100 and
imprisonment for nfty days.
x ne ordinance granting aJid transferring
a :<n of Uind aujulnlntr the Girls' Hlgn
tM-huol on U'Farrell >treet to the State for
u. t as a site whereon to erect the San
i tancisoo State Normal School, on con
ciiUuii that the building be constructed by
the State within a reasonable time, was
PitWfil to print. Braunhart explained
Uiat a bill now before the Legislature
Ijiovides for an expenditure of $100,000 in
me erection of the building.
The ordinance provides that tickets for
the transportation of pupils shall be sold
la packages of twenty and shall be re
cetved on eireet railroads between the
hours of S and it a. 1:1.. 12 and 1 p. m.. 2:30
and 4 o'clock, p. :::. and 6:30 and 9:30 p.
in. during the days in which schools are
in .-• .~: :.•:.. and shall be available with
Mich privileges of transfers as are «n
juyed uy otiier passengers.
Th« ordinance providing 1 for a 2^4-cent
etreet-car fare for pupils of public and
private schools under the age of IS years
v.as raised to print by the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday. Thtre was no dis
cussion on the ordinance and the repre
sentatives of the street railroad compa
nies, who had strongly opposed ihe ordi
nance when it was before the Judiciary
Committee, were not present at the meet
ing of the board. The vote on the meas
ure was as follows: Ayes— Booth, Bran
denstein, Hmunhart. Comte, Connor,
Curtis, Dwyer, ltetd. Tobin. Wilson and
D'Ancor.a. Nays— Fontana, Jennings, Mc-
Carthy and Stafford. Absent— Sanderson,
Jioi&ling and Huxton.
Site for Proposed State Normal School
Granted— Bill Extending Pound
Limits to County Line
l>efeated.
The Ordinance Is Passed to
Print by Board of
Supervisors.
HALF FARE FOR
SCHOOL CHILDREN
ENGLISH SHAREHOLDER ALLEGES
GROSS MISREPRESENTATION IN
CENTRAL PACIFIC ABSORPTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1901.
WALTER MORSHEAD, WHO COMES TO THIS CITT AS REPRESENTA
TIVE OF AN ENGLISH SYNDICATE INTERESTED IN OPPOSING AB
SORPTION OP THE CENTRAL PACIFIC BY SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Murray and his brother Ed wera
climbing carefully over soxno high rocks
in order to surprise a band of ducks
when Ed slipped and accidentally dis
charged his shotgun, -the charge taklnz
effect in his brother's face. The recoil
threw Ed oft his balance and he fell twen
ty feet to the base of the rocks, but for
tunately escaped injury.
Medical attention was immediately pro
cured for the wounded bov and it was
ascertained that two shots had entered
one of his eyes and that he would un
doubtedly lose the eye. He was taken
to San Francisco last nisrht and placed
under the care of an eve specialist.
ated with shot and one of his eyes se
riously Injured.
"WINTERS, Jan. 21.— Murray Goodyear,
eldest steDson of Charles Councilman, a
fruH-grrower In Putah Canyon, waa
brought to town last night, his face Iacer-
Near "Winters.
Buck-Hunter Is Seriously Injured
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.
9
Don't
Use a Refrigerator
Head Troubles*
B#o Miles' Net vine
All troubles of the head, such as headache, dizziness, pressure,
dullness, irriiability of temper* sleeplessness, blues, mania, fits,
melancholy and insanity, are nervous disorders, no matter what
may be the apparent cause. Strengthen the nerves, inorease^thQ
vitality and build up the worti-out brain-cells and you will get well.
The best remedy for head troubles and nervous disorders erf all
kinds is Ds. Miles' Nervhtb.
"My trouble began with nnmoness In Tihysfeeb and legs
and I grew steadily worta, la flplt« of every cSartof my
physicians, until my nervous system vras compigtely_ C 1 - -
exhausted. I began using T)t. Miles' Nervine, and before
one bottle was gone mj bead was clearer and I slept bet-
ter than in many weeks. 1 cannot say enough In praise of
that great remedy."
Mbs. Hakct A. Gamble, Tecumscti, Mich.
Is food for the worn-out brain and wasted nerves, and a restorative
medicine without an equaL Don't fail to give it a trial.
Sold by druggists os ft guarantee. • Pa. Mu.tm Medical Co., ELichart. Ind.
ADVEBTISEMSNTa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
viarr OR- JORDAN'S um
MUSEUM OF AHATOMY
rm la mint a. *»,«*». if .w.
St TkaLarnatAaatoaicalMuMaaiatk*
.JL WoM >n»m»i o> *ny coatnct.a
S59 Syt dhCM* tK>miU«.l T ii»i'«Jn T the oldest
IgMI bpc3*Ust ca Ok. Coui Ek. }6 rat!*.
Jraf I OP- JCRDA.H-P!?i1fATE DiS£ASE3
ir&S&ll C*u«»lt»rio«» trt« and twfcfly prt»«*»
I T ™ ument p«T»oo«lly or by lettor. A
fl sr (IB IWImO«tlin«]paMWM>k«,
Iff U» w rto tor Book. niLOIoratrf
¦ ¦ ft* ¦A»II1A««. M«1HO HS& <A
OR. JOBPAN * **• . KU Mark* St.. a 9.
it is kept dean with
GOLD DUST
Washing Powder
The taint of decaying particles
of food is absolute poison.
All manner of extravagant expressions are possible when
a woman's nerves are overwrought.
The spasm at the top of the wind pipe or bronchial tubes,
"ball rising in the throat/' violent beating of the heart,
laughing and crying by turns, muscular spasms (throwing
the arms about), frightened by the most insignificant occur-
rences— are all symptoms of a hysterical condition and se-
rious derangement of the female organs.
Any female complaint may produce hysterics, which
must be regarded as a symptom onlj. The cause, however,
yields quickly to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, which acts at once upon the organ afflicted and the
nerve centers, dispelling effectually all those distressing
symptoms.
Mrs. Lewis Says: "I Feel Like a New Person*
Physically and flentally."
" Dear Mbs. Pinkham : — I wish to speak a good word for Lydia XL
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. For years I had ovarian trouble
and suffered everything from nervousness, severe headache, and pain in
back and abdomen. I had consulted different physicians, but decided to
try your medicine, and I soon found it waa giving me much relief. I con-
tinued its use and now am feeling like a new person, physically and mentally,
and am glad to add one more testimonial to the value of your remedy.*—
Mrs. M. H. Lewis, 210S Valentine Ave., Tremont, New York, N. Y.
Writing to Mrs. Pinkham is the quickest and surest way
to get the right advice about all female troubles. Her ad-
dress is Lynn, Mass. She advises women free. Following
is an instance :
Mrs. Haven's First Letter to Mrs. Pinkham.
" Dear Mbs. Pbtkbax :— I would like your advice in regard to my
troubles. I suffer every month at time of menstruation, and flow so much
and for so long that I become very weak, also get very dizzy. • I am troubled
with a discharge before and after menses, have pains in ovaries so bad some-
times that I can hardly get around, have sore feeling in lower part of bowels,
pain in back, bearing-down feeling, a desire to pass urine frequently, with,
pains in passing it ; have leucorrhcea, headache, fainting spells, and some-
times have hysteria. My blood is not in good condition. Hoping to hear
from you, I am," Mbs. Emu. Haves, 2508 South Ave., Council Blufb, Iowa.
(June 3, 1899.)
Mrs. Haven's Second Letter.
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — I wish to express my gratitude for what your
medicine has done for me. I suffered for four years with womb trouble.
Every month I flowed very badly. I got so bad that I could hardly do my
work. Was obliged to sit or lie down the most of the time. I doctored for
a long time, but obtained no relief. I began using your remedies — Lvdia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, Blood Purifier, Sanative Wash
and Liver Pills— and now feel like a new woman." — MfiS. :^*^y* Havxx,
2308 South Ave., Council Bluffs, Iowa. (Feb. 1, 1900.)
$SBB iSt^ <2S5S &$\ STI f" \*L§ ADn Owid* t» the fact that jom« skeptical
H Pfjy SOI Bm n r Bsf O K I i P*°P Ie ve l rom tilae t0 t^ ae questioned
R?S M I I Hk ¥w FxllU the genuineness cf the testimonial 1« tier*
¦nil t| HR we are constantly publishing, we have
HliEtSfsUH deposited wtth the National City B*nk. o( Lynn, Maaa,, $5,000.
fl ClUl 9a which will b« paid to any person who will show that tha above
f4j£i KNIS %>£? «Mf t", 1 ' 0100^!* *** not genuine, or were publiihed before obtaining the
>C' VSZ7 *m£F writers' special permission.— Lydia £. Pjhjcham Medicins Caw
EVERY WOMAN
.^. is interested and should know
about the wonderful
-*^4S*W^V UADVEI WHIRLING
Blflni cL spray
{>ii\>Ki\;\A.\Wil Thenew Vtfiaal Syriars.
KjviiS V'W SJ v ,\'l Injection and Suction.
%&V«5SSP S^M Best-Safest-Most Con-
%>?^CS&^^ venient. ItCle&UCfl
v X^^g^**^r-r~^ la*t*atly.
A tk yoar iraftfnt for It. \- ( ASb> g •*, ', *!T>^*~
If he ctnivt .apply th.« \lS^f 'Wy <5 .
MARVEL. ««ep« bo ¦ V. '¦•fc.^Ty
ether, bat *m& fOmp lb» niu»- M "'¦'.¦ ;\s
tntedboek-^ sealed. It girt* tun V',, / j
cirtkoUri ».Tl <".irerrr% ln»ihi*SJ« t -y / . IM
tnladla- SIAKVKI.CO.. W .:;„..„¦¥
Room «wv»rimea IM m..\ ewTnrk 1J ~^~. — 'CHICAGO, Jan. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts, ..i9_.
COO. including 700 Texans. Good .to choice,
strong to shade higher; common and rough!
n!ow; butchers' stock, strong and active; Tex
ans, steady; good to j>rlme steers, $5 8O@6 10*
poor to medium, $3 &0@5 20: stockcrs and feed
ers, $2 754J4 60: cows, $2 75®4 25; heifers. $2"75iJ
4 66: canners. 1202 70; bulls. $2 80^4 40; calves
S3 7696; Texas fed steers, $404 60; do grassera
$3 85(84; bulls, $2 6033 85. «™"»ws,
HOOS-Rtceipts to-day, 17,000; to-morrow.
22,006; left over. 3500. Slow to a shade lower'
mixed and butchers, $5 153* 45; good to choice
Flour —
Opening 24 65 25 ?0
Closing 24 70 23 SO
Chicago Livestock Market.
paris. \:- : -
Wheat- Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 19 15 20 20
Closing 19 20 20 20
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • ' - *„': 1 Fab. Mar. May
Opening .... 6% 6 %
Closing 6 1 6 1%
On the Produce exchange the Butter Market
was quiet. Creamery, 14©20%c; dairy, 11%®
18c Cheese, dull. 1<H4@11%. Eggs, Quiet*
fresh. 19a
. Morning Session.
Board—
100 California Standard S3
100 Central Point Con 1 SO
700 Four Oil Co 67
1 Hanford 113 00
2 Hanford 119 00
4% Hanford 120 00
80 Home Oil *. 4 13
E0 Home Oil 4 10
600' Independence !1
1600 Junction 1 00
60 Junction 92
100 Junction 99
200 Kern Oil Co 11 37%
60 Lion Oil Co 24
1000 Lion Oil Co 23
600 Monarch of Arizona Tt
SOO Monte Cristo 2 20
9500 Petroleum Center 22
60 San Joaquln Oil and Development.... 13 00
'60 San Jo&quln Oil and Development.... 12 50
114 Twenty-eight 2 30
100 Twenty-eight 2 32%
200 Twenty-eight, ¦ 20 2 33%
ICO Wolverine 1 72%
E0O Tukon 57
Street—
100 Home Oil 4 10
600 Monarch of Arizona, 75
t00 Junction 100
Afternoon Session.
Boar*—
10O Bear Flag 43
1600 California Standard 33 |
100 California Standard ?j
1000 Caribou -• 55
800 Four Oil Oo 67
6£3 Four Oil Co 68
6 Hanford 120 00
1000 Independence 21
10O Junction •— 1 00
3&0 Junction 95
200 Junction 93
200 Junction 88
100 Junction <. 8S
60 Kern Oil Co 11 60
170 Kern Oil Co U 62%
600 Lion Oil Co, b 60 25
600 Lion Oil Co 24
200 Lion Oil Co 23 f
1S5 McKlttrlck Consolidated 2*
300 Monarch of Arizona 74 j
300 Monarch of Arizona .' 71
1 10 Oil City Petroleum J3 00
2S0O Petroleum Center 23
' 65 Petroleum Center 22
100 Reed Crude Oil Co. s 90 «9
400 Reed Crude Oil Co 69
850 Twenty-eight j 32% !
100 Twenty-eight 135 ;
650 Wolverine 1 70
ICO Wolverine 1 721*
Street—
100 Junction S3
100 Junction S3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. 21-2:30 p. m. !
STOCKS. Bid. Anked.. •
American Fuel A Oil Co — 30 i
San Francisco — a .
Buckhorn — 3 50 i
California-Standard 18 29
Caribou 55 —
El Dorado — - 1 75 1 90
Hanford — lit 00
Kanford-Fresno-Kern River... — 40
Home 4 06 410
Homestake — 11 25
Independence 21 23
Kern 11 50 11 62%
Kern River 18 60 —
Lion Oil Co 23 23
Los Angeles O A T Co t 50 4 20
McKlttrick ¦ Consolidated — *23
Monarch of Arizona 70 —
Bear Flag — 49
Black Jack 130 160
Junction 85 . —
McKittrick — n
Century — 73'
Monte Cristo 2 15 .2 23
Occidental (of West Va)....... 81 —
Oil City Petroleum 34 09 35 00
Petroleum Center 22 23
Producers & Consumers 12 00 — ,
P^ed Crude '... 63 jj
Rex 60 _
San Francisco & McKlttrick.. — j 25
San Jsaquln O & D Co 12 00 13 j;ij
Shamrock 75 '
Sterling O & D Co 3 25 _
Sunset Original - — 45
.Westlake 23 27
Yukon 65
Central Point 2 70 2 95
Continental 105
Peerless 9 25 95.)
Queen Esther.....'. '.' — ' go
Senator 2 25 2 4.1
Superior - — 33
Wolverine 1 85 1 -n
33 Oil Co • 10 60 _
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the Baa Fran-
Articles- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 28.000 20 000
Wheat, bu 70.000 25 000
Corn, bu ; 897.000 154,000
Oats, bu 839,000 248.000
Rye. bu ,... 7,000 2,000
Barley, bu 99,000 10,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour dull
No. 3 spring wheat, 66®77c; No. 2 red, 75c; No
I corn. 37U©37Vfce: No. t yellow. 37>4®37'4: No
3 oats, 24>,4®25c; No. 2 white, 27%o; No. 3
white. 26%@27c: No. 3 rye, BOOSl^c; fair to
choice malting barley, 60©32c; No. 1 flax seed
$1 70; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 71; prime timothy
seed. $4 60; mess pork, per bbl, $13 90®14; lard
per 100 lbs, $7 07H@7 10; short ribs B lde3
(loose), $7@7 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
6^©6Hc; short clear sides (boxed), $7 25<g>7 35
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; sugars, cut.
loaf, «.39c; granulated, 6.75c; confectioners'
"A." 6.C0c; off A, 5.64c; clover, contract grade.
NEW TORK BTOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
•old. .~ bid
J1.CT0 AtcMeon 4ju
21.100 Atchlson prefd 83%
8,000 Baltimore & Ohio
Canadian Pacific sva
1.200 Canada Southern 66T4
6.900 Chesapeake & Ohio 87%
3.C00 Chicago Great Western 17H
24,500 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 141%
W>0 Chicago, Indiana A Louisville 23W
BOO Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd...... ES
Chicago A Bast Illinois $2%
<W) Chicago & Northwestern lfisu
XI, WO Chicago Rock Island & Paclnc 11S&
700 CCCABt Louis 77
NEW TORK. Jan. 21.— The complete recov
ery of the stock market from the rather alarm-
Ing weakness ehown during the early hours of
the trading this morning was an astoundlne
demonstration of recuperative force. The
i;'~j'.;::Te liquidation at the opening was ao
violent aa to give an appearance of eeml
deir.oraMsation In the market, and the selling
was evidently forced by the wiping out of
margin' and tha uncovering cf stop-loss orders.
Yet before th« day closed, the general level
of prices had risen above Saturday, and the
lart hour thewed an urgent and confident buy-
Ing movement on the floor. The early weak
ness was the lcglc&l sequence of the course of
the market la«t week, and the general ap
prehension that a further reaction was in
evitable. In a market in Which extensive long
accounts exist this means that brokers, in
order to protect themselves, call for additional
«<ecurlt>' from their customers for the exten
»•.- n of margins. This discloses many persons
who are unwilling or unable to supply further
margins end who order the sale of their hold
ings, either to take what prcflts are left or
to save looses. The professional bear operators
are able to Judge pretty shrewdly of the prob
able volume of «ueh orders. This purely tech
r.lcal influence In the market was reinforced
this morning by the feeling of depression,
common to all the security markets of the
world, over the approaching death of Queen
Victoria. The death of the Queen is not likely
to have a direct Influence on values of securi
ties! either here or abroad, but capital, always
apprehensive over a change in the order of
things, expressed itself by the selling of se?
curlties. In the opening break in prices such
declines were witnessed as 3^4 in St. Paul,
EH in Penn5yivan!a, 2 !n Northern Pacific. 2%
In Amalgamated Ooj>per, from 1 to Z points in
the eteel stocks azid 1 to 2 points In the prin
cipal active etocks all through the list. The
flirt element in the rally was the unwieldy
Fhort interest, which stood eagerly waiting to
take profits by buying stocks at the decline.
There was an influential section of the market
also which refused to yield to the depression.
UiFsourt Pacific gave »-ay only M and was lm
mdlaxely marked up to a level substantially
above Saturday and held there throughout the
4ay. In the late dealings It rose to 90r4.
wfclch was 6% above the early low point. The
traders followed the movement in the belief
that the largest buyl!5g of the stock came from
Fourcea ' which have been credited for some
time T-a.'' witi plans for taking over and con
eollflatlr.g the Southwestern railway systems
That whole group was firm throughout the day
and the Wabash Issues shared quite fully in
the strength of Missouri Pacific. Wabash
common rose t%. the preferred 4U. and the
debentures 4^4. The character of the buying
In other parts of the 11m gave the traders
ground for the supposition that a renewed ab
sorption of stocks was roing on by the power
ful backing and financial interests which were
buyera of important stocks before the many
recent rumors of vast consolidation rained
currency. This cawed a fright among the
shorts, and in attempting to get back stocks
Bold earlier they caused price* to advance very
generally above £a.turday*a level. In St. Paul
the rally was «i points, m Amalgamated Cop
per l\. in the local tractions from 2% to 2K.
In People's Oas and in Sugar and Tobacco
from 2% to J«i. In Northern Pacific 8y, in
tTnion Paclflc and Pennsylvania 2H ea.cn. and
In a. large number of the active stocks from
1 to 2 points. Th« steel rtocks were not as
prominent In the rally as the rest of. the mar
ket, and Pressed Steel Car extended Its loss
to r*4 points aTter the reneral market had
turned upward. The dosing wu firm and at
about the best prices of the day. Further ex
ports cf gold are generally expected thip week,
but the available funds are so abundant as
to prlve confidence In continued eaoe of money
Railroad bonds were trr»«;ular. Total sales
56,4^6.000. Refunding 2s advanced % per cent
on the lart call.
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. tL— May Wheat opened %Q
He to a shade higher at 73*i©74>ic, Liverpool
was the influence, showing an advance in tha
faca of the decline here Saturday, but so much
long Wheat was for sale the first sales were
at widely varying figures, and a moment later
the market touched 74%c. The situation, how
ever, was bullish. World's shipments were
only 6,228,000 bushels, compared with 8,369,000
bushels the week previous. Antwerp reported
the breaking out of the bubonic plague in Ar
gentina and was tald to have bought heavily
of Wheat at Ean Francisco. There was a bet
ter demand (or Flour, and this Imparted
strength to the cash Wheat market. Before- the
opening tt was asserted that fifteen loads had
been taken for export, at prices better than
Saturday's figures. Buying by sold-out bulls
and covering by shorts began at the tap of tha
gong and continued in a moderately active way
to the end, the market advancing with only
fractional checks occasioned by profit-taking.
A decrease of 649,000 bushels helped to sustain
the advance, but the main support came from
the strength of cash Wheat. The amount taken
by exporters was constantly added to until at
the close tha seaboard was claiming 141 loads.
Exports from Western and Northwestern points
aggregated nearly 1,000.000 bushels. May Wheat
during the forenoon rallied to 76Hc. A reaction
to 74\@74Tto then took place, but this was fol
lowed by a further rally to 7&}*c, and the close
was strong. May dosing l@lHo higher.
Corn vrn& moderately active, 'but the range
was narrow. The market early followed Wheat
closely, but the pace later became too fast, and
the market settled back almost entirely on an
Independent basis. The news was hardly as
favorable for the coarser grains as for Wheat.
Cables were easy, receipts graded better and
the 'visible supply Increased 1.111,000 bushels.
Ehorta were tbe best buyers early, and the
trade, except in a few outside deals, was In
local hands all day. Receivers did most of the
selling. March closed firm at He higher.
Oats were moderately active. The market felt
the Wheat strength, but during the afternoon
eased off on selling credited to cn influential
operator. May closed unchanged.
The tendency in the Provision market was
easier. Hog receipts were under the estimate
but prices at the yards, nevertheless, were
weak, and this was reflected by a decline In
Provisions at the opening. Buying by a prom
inent speculator caused a rally later, but it was
not supported, and tha close was easy May
Port- closed 12%c lower. May Lard 2«,c downl
and May Ribs 6c depressed. *
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. J—
January 71% 72% 71% 71%
February 72 72% 71% 72%
May 74% 76H 74* 75^
Corn No. 8—
January 87 87Vi 87 87
February 87H 87% 87H 87%
May «« 89% »8% 89
Oats No. 2—
January 13% 24H 13% 24
May 2SK 26% 25 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl- *
January — _ — 18 77U
May IS 95 14 12% 18 90 13 12%
Lard, per 100 Iba—
January 7 32% 7 85 7 32% . 7 32%4
March 7 85- 7 87% 7 85 7 36
May 7 42% 7 50 7 42% 7 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs- • *
January — — • — 0 92U
March 7 05 T 10 7 02% 7 05
May 7 05 7 10 7 02% 7 05
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 8c: Asparagus
frcm Sacramento. U©20c per lb; Green Pea*.
There is no pronounced change In these mar
kets. Southern Vegetables rule firm. Pota
toes are In sufficient supply and prices stand
about the same. Rhubarb • 1b arriving " in a
small way, 8 boxen coming in yesterday. ' -New
Potatoes sold at 2%c »er lb. They come from
Xllcs. . -
- POTATOES-Early Rose, 6S@75c; Burbanks,
Zi'u'oOc for River and .850®$! 10 lerTtl for
Salinas and 75cffi$l 12»,4 for Oregon:- Gamet
Chiles from Oregon, 90c@$l 10; Sweets, $1^1 10
for . Merced. .
ONIONS-$1 80®« 25 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1 25
©1 B0 per ctl.
FEANS— Bayoe, $2 5C©2 70: Small White,
$4 60® 4 90; Large White, S4®4 28; Pink, $2 Vi
©2 25; Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye. $3; Llmas, $5 60
©5 70; Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 75S4 per ctl.
BEED8- Brown ¦ Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50*I?3; Canary, 3%fJ
S^c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%#9ttc; Rape. 20
JV*c: Hemp. S\iftZ\c; Timothy, 6%c.
DRIED PEA8— Niles. J202 SO; Green, |2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Wlilte Beans ore etlll quoted firm and wanted,
but L4mas are quoted rather lower. The othet
descriptions are unchanged. •
BTRAW-85®47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8: Wheat. $11013 50:
Wheat and Oat. J10C12 60; Oat. 19012; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, S8&9 SO; Barley, ff £009 SO per
ten.
MIDDLINGS-I1S 60*519 50 per ton.
FEE DSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. Sl«@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26: jobbing.
|2G 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, 125<i»
25 EO: Cracked Corn. $25 50(B > 2«; Mixed Feed,
$15816.
Bran was quoted very firm, with slim re
ceipts. There was no Hay market, owing to
the rain.
BRAN-$1B@15 60 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices ¦ In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 SO; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 76
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 5<Kff3 73; Buckwheat Flour. lift* 25-
Cracked Wheat. S3 60; Farina, $4 CO; Whole
Wheat Flour. S3 56; Rolled Oats (barrels), \lQ
7 25; in sacks, J5 75@7: Peart Barley, S5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. S5 GO per 100 lbs.
FLOTJR— California Family Extras. SS 25®
3 SO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15?? 3 25;
Oregon. $2 75©2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers*. J2 75
OS.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White, $1 SO&l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$125@140 for Feed and $1 S5®1 45 for 8eed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed, $1 17H@1 20:
lor Seed. $1 25® 1 30 per cU.
CORN— Yellow, $1 12H; White, U 10<lM IB;
Eaetcrn mixed, $1 12% per ctl.
RYE— Quoted at 82^4.6 87Ho per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 11 85 per ctl.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. 70c; 2000. 70%e; MOO, 70VJo; 8000, 70Hc
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, 72c.
Reerular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
70%c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — There is no further change, the mar
ket being inactive, but firmly held.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 73%o for choice bright, 72V4c for No.
1 and 70c tor off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77H©S2Hc; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, »1 03%; 6000.
n 01. December-SOOO, $1 07%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls.
n 03%.
Afternoon Cession — December — 2000 ctls.
$1 07T4.
BARLEY— The rain weakened an already
ecft market, and quotations were slightly off.
There was more activity on call, however.
CALL BOARD SALES.
This market was dull, with a better tona to
Spot Wheat-Shipping, i7Hc; mllllnr tt@l 03
per ctl.
WHEAT— Liverpool, Paris and New York
were firmer, and Chicago opened strogner on
better foreign advices, but with renewed liqui
dation at the advance. The market, however,
was thought to be considerably oversold, and
there was persistent selling for some unknown
account. New York, Chicago, Kansas City and
St. Louis all reported a good report demand,
with something like 800,000 bushels taken at
the three latter places, and there was a good
European demand for Flour at St. Louis,
something that has not happened for some
weeks. Liverpool wired that there was" very
littlo Argentine, Russian or Indian Wheat of
fering, and that American was the cheapest.
The American visible supply decreased 643,000
bushels, where an increase had been expected,
and reported plague in the Argentine further
stimulated the market. The world's shipments
for the week were 99,000 Quarters Russian,
79,000 Argentine and 62,000 Australian. It was
reported from Liverpool that the Argentine crop
would be about 2.8S1.0OO tons, of which 2,000,000
would be exported to Rio de Janeiro.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — |4 S4V&
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS^,
Sterling Cables — 4 89ft
New York Exchange, sight — 17H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — Z2M
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63H
Mexican Dollars, nominal B0V4 O 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Chicago Grain Market.
San Francisco data: Maximum tcmperatnra
CS, tnlnimusi 60, mean C2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the west
ern half of the country, except along the
coast from Cape Mendoclno northward. Dur
ing the past twelve hours there has been a
gradual fall along the coast of Washington.
The pressure at -Neah Bay is now 23.78 Inches
and there art Indications of tha approach of
a etorm OS the V>««hlngton coast.
The weather continues warm over the en
tire Paclflc Elope. Throughout California th»
temperatures «_:¦• about 6 degrees above the
normal. r
Kaln has fallen In moderate amounts over
the entire State cf California.
Forecast rr.a<la at Ban Frandsco for thirty
hours eniir.g midnight. January 22, 1S01:
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
«r Tuesday, v.-ith occasional showers; light
southerly winds. Increasing in force on the
northern coast.
Southern CaMforrla — Light showers Tuesday;
lieht southerly cbsxg'icg to westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; light southerly
winds.
Utah — Cloudy Tuesday with occasional show
er*; light southerly wind*.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Light showers
Tuesday with light southeasterly wind.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
LOCAL MARKETS.
In 1899 the revenues derived by th»
Mexican Government from the tobacco in
dustry amounted in value to XI— 00,000. as
apralnst Jl.OCO.OOO In 1S3S; $700,000 in 1S35 and
$200,000 In 1S03.
NEW TORK, Jan. 1L— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,550 barrels; exports, 14,620. Steady.
TVHEAT— Receipts, 176,800 bushels; exports.
1*0,317. Spot, firm; No. 8 red. 804o f. &. b.
afloat and 774c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 86%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 774c f.
& b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth. SD'ic f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firm and were- gener
ally well sustained all day on fair trading.
Closed firm Mdc net higher. March, 794^
79 a ;c. closed r.<- z a; May. closed 804o; July,
closed 7934c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
"WOOL— Steady. ,
COFFEE— Spot. Rio dull: No. 7 invoice. 7%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@'124o. Futures closed
dull, 6 points lower. Total sales, 6500 bags,
Inculdlng: May, - Is 80@3 85 ; September, $5 »»;
October. $5 95; December. 18 05.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 8 13-16c;
centrifugal, it test, 4 6-I60; molasses sugar,
8 9-16c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6694 packages. Steady;
June creamery, 15320c; factory, ll@14c; cream
cry. 16®23c.
EGGS — Receipts, 1912 packages. Barely
steady; Western average packed, at mark, 210
£24o; Western, loss off, 23c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples dull. State common, 3% 3
4%c; prime, (G5%c; choice, S4@ | 6c; fancy.
«4?7o.
California dried fruits quiet and unchanged.
Prunes, 3%©«%o. Apricots— Royal. 7%®12o;
Moorpark. 8%@15c, Peaches— Peeled, Ha' 15c;
uapeeled. tftOlOc,
One of the things that appear to havs
been settled by the Boer ¦war Is the dis
appearance from the British army of th»
organization known as the army corps.
It Is stated authoritatively that the divi
sion Is the largest tactical unit that can
be conveniently employed In the n>ld.
The army corps sent to South . Africa
went to pieces immediately after tt landed,
and all subsequent reinforcements went
out as divisions, and Lord Roberts worked
•with tho division unit throughout.
6AN FRANCISCO. Jan. a. 1901—8 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£at« as compared with those of same date last
reason, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
••California loose raisins continue firm, but
<juiet. I>eraand for peaches Is improving, par
ticularly for fancy btock. which i« scarce.
Apricots are firm, with better demand for ex
port. >*igs are easier, come holders offering
low grade goods irom %c to 4 C lower. Evap
crated &£ples are quiet and unchanged."
fl
BO improvement, althcutb prices are lower on
the epct for all sizes reduced on the Cout.
Prices here prior to the reduction by th« Cured
Fruit Association were lower than the basis
of the new prices established in California,
and with anything like a real demand for
goods In this market there would be no reason
Cor the lowering of prices on the spot. The
almost utter absence of demand, however, haa
ltd to further reductions here, one tiouse
quoting \c lower on 40-i.Cs and lc lower on
60-60s than former quotations. Even at these
f.g-uree. however, the trade shows little desire
for goodB. »
Mali advices from New York aayi
"Trade Is quiet. Demand for prune* shows
Dried Fruit in New York.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. J»a. n.— Money on call, steady
at IQVfa per cent; prime mercantile paper, 1%
©44 P«r cent. Sterling Exchanc* firm, with
U S 2a refunding. N T Cent lsta 106«4
reg 1054 N J Cent gen 6a.. .127%
do coup 105H Northern Pao Is... e»\t
do Ss reg 109H do 4s 104x4
do coup 110 N Y C & St L 4s. .107%
do new 4s reg. ..1364 Norf & W oon 4s.. 64%
do coup 1374 Or Nav lsts 110
do old 4s reg 11SV4 do 4s 1034
do coup 113V4 Or 8 Line 6s 130'
do 6s reg 11041 do eon Ca 1164
do coup lllfe Reading sren 4s S3
D!s of Col S.65« 125 ROW 1st* 98
Atch'.son gen 4s ..lOTH'St L & I M con 6s. 114
flo ad) 4s SiHjSt L & 8 F gen 6s. 128
Can So 2ds 11048t Paul cons 1*0
Ches & Ohio 44«..104%|St P C St Pac lata.US
do Cs J20^ 4 j do 5s 1194
C & N W oon 7s..l3S4So Pacific 4s &3U
do B F deb ES....124 J80 Railway (a ....112
Chi Term 4s tt IS It ft T 6s 654
Colo 80 4s ......... 844 Tex A Pac lsta ...116*4
D & R G 4» 1004 «o 2da 90
Erie eon 4s 82% Union Pae 4s 103%
Ft W & D C lrt».. 78% Wabash lets 118U
Gen Elee Es 155 Wabash 2ds 1084
Iowa Cent lsts ...115% We«t Shore 4s ....113
L & Naeh unl 4s ..100% Wla Cent lsta 86
M K & T 2da 77% Va Centuries 86
do 4s H\
MIKING STOCKS.
Adama Con 20 Little Chief ...... IS
Alice ~ 4$ Ontario — a 60
Breece 1 00 Ophir 68
Brunnrtck Con ... 27 Phoenix 10
Cometock Tunnel.. 04 Potort 05
Con Cal & Va 145 Ravage ig
Deodwood Terra.... C3 Sierra Nevada...... 16
Horn Silver 110' Small Hopea 70
Iron Silver U Standard 4 is
Leadville Con M !
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Old Dominion 294
Call loan* 3H@*H Rubber 21W
Time loans lV4§HVk Union Paclfio .... 82V4
Stocks— Union Land... 2»4
Atchlson 43H West End M
do prefd SSS Bonds-
Am Sugar 1334 Atchison 4s 1014
d<> Prefd 1184 n E O'A Coke 6s. «£
Bell Telephone ...157 Mining: shares— '-¦>-.
Boston & Albany.. 254 Blngham Mln Co.. 16?4
Boston Elevatad. .161% Amalg Copper M
Bcston & Maine. ..194 Atlantic 26H
Vli & W 141T4 Boston & Mont.. ..830
Dom Coal 35*4 Calumet & Hecla..S53 ¦
do prefd 10D Centennial 20U
Fed Steel 4C4 Franklin m,
do prefd 6*4 Humboldt 60
FUchburg prefd. ...140 Osceola 79
Gen Elec 1SLH Parrot '.'.'.'." 46
do prefd 1M4 Qulncy leg
Ed Elec 111 217 Santa Fe Copper." 6
Mexican Cent 13* Tamarack \?.T7.. 822
>.- K G & Coke 11 Utah Mining .... ' 3tu
Old Colony 208 Wlnona .7?. 414
CLOSING BONDS.
1,000 Colorado Southern »•• 1
_ Col Southern 1st preffl 41
Col Southern 2& prefd 16
2,400 Delaware & Hudson 160%
100 Delaware Lack & Western 192
LOCO Denver & Rio Oronde..... 80.
4oO Denver & Rio Grande prefd Slty
46.100 Erie 2"V*
M.600 Erie let prefd f. 61H
1.200 Great Northern prefd 191H
Hocking Coal 15
2,000 Hocking Valley 42%
2,200 Illinol* Central 180^4
1,000 Iowa Central 22
100 Iowa Central prefd '..... 48
700 Lake Erie & Western 40
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 108
Lake Shore 210V*
14.100 Louisville & Nashville E7H
23.500 Manhattan L 113*4
9,200 Metropolitan Street Railway lEO'*
2,200 Michigan Central 13tt
Minneapolis & St Louis 66
Minn & St Louis prefd 105
6,600 Missouri Paclfio 83
210 Mobile & Ohio 44
1.200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 16"*
23.11)0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 46%
650 New Jersey Central, ex dlv 162
8.700 New York Central „ 14U4
7.800 Norfolk & Western 43U
Norfolk & Western prefd..... 82
45,400 Northern Pacific 80
3.6O0 Northern Pacific pr«fd 85%
4L600 Ontario & Western 29H
Oregon Hallway & Navigation. 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
80.000 Pennsylvania 144%
12.000 Reading HHi
11.200 Reading 1st prefd 69%
11.800 Reading 2d prefd 40%
BJo Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd to
4.000 Et Louis & San Francisco 23Vi
~ Et Louis & S F 1st prefd 78Vi
600 St Louis & S F prefd , 17%
St Louis Southwestern i life
6,000 Et Louis Southwestern prefd 4£Vi
£9.000 6t Paul 146%
St Paul prefd 181
JS.900 Bt Paul A Omaha 130
11,700 Southern Pacific 42
9,600 Southern Railway 18H
21.200 Southern Railway prefd 69fc
77.200 Texas & Pacific 27*4
4.S0O Union Pacific E2H
21.600 Union Pacific prefd S2«A
69.600 Wabash 13%
4,000 Wabash prefd 2ST»
LOCO Wheeling & Lake Erie 11H
S,000 Wheeling ft LEU prefd 28%
Wisconsin Central 14ft
Third Avenue 120
700 B & O prefd S4%
7.D00 National Tube..- 64%
4,140 National Tube prefd »6i§
Express Companies—
Adams ....141
American 172
100 United States _ 54
— Wells Fargo „ ISO
Miscellaneous—
700 American Cotton Oil 27t4
American Cotton Oil Prefd 87'
— American Malting 4^4
800 American Malting prefd 24H
7,800 American Smelting & Refining 61%
1,100 American Smelting & Refng prefd. 88%
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
Z.000 American Steel Hoop VZ\%
~ American Steel Hoop prefd 70
10,400 American Steel & Wire £8?i
1,200 American Steel & Wire' prafd 844
COO American Tin Plate tA\
American Tin Plate prefd S8 T 4
8.000 American Tobacco 112*4
American Tobacco prefd U6
L200' Anaconda Mining Co 42^4.
63,700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 77'
7,800 Colorado Fuel & Iron •» 43%
11,200 Continental Tobacco n%
100 Continental Tobacco prefd 94'
81.600 Federal Steel ««£
S.600 Federal Eteel prefd 68
400 General Electric 1S5
600 Glucose Sugar 4$%
....... Glucose Sugar prefd 654
1,200 International Paper 211.4
800 International Paper prefd 69^4
_«,.... Laclede Gas 72
S09 National Biscuit _... 17
110 National Biscuit prefd ill
100 National Lead 1694
....... National Lead prefd 844
4.100 National Steel 37k
200 National Steel prefd 89
New York Air Brake i«
13,900 North American..... 20
Pacific Coast 54
Paclfio Coast 1st prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
200 Paclfio Mall 40
34,200 People's Gas 9774
4,200 Preeced Bteel Car 38
Pressed Steel Car prefd 77^4
100 Pullman Palace Car iss
Standard Rope & Twine 8%
83,000 Sugar .13394
200 Sugar prefd 118%
6,400 Tenn Coal Sc Iron 65%
8,200 United States Leather 11%
1.200 United States Leather prefd 734
2,200 United States Rubber 21%
100 United States Rubber prefd «0
8,200 Western Union n
83,?00 Amalgamated Copper 69H
600 Rep I & S Co i»2
1,000 Rep I & S Co prefd 1 664
R C C A St Louis 634
Ll"0,70Q Shares sold
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat rather firmer and Barley weaker.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran very firm. Hay market checked by the rain.
White Beans firm, but Limas quoted weaker.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Cheese lower and Eggs higher. Butter unchanged.
Hams advanced one-half cent and very firm.
No change in the Meat market.
Poultry and Game inactive and weak.
Rhubarb and new Potatoes coming, in.
Two cars of Oranges auctioned.
Fair trading in stocks and bonds. ?
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Jan. SI.— Atchlson. 44: Canadian
Paolflc. 90%; Union Pacific preferred. 84: North
ern Paclfio preferred, 87: Grand Trunk. 7; Ana
conda, 84. Bar Silver, £9 l-16d per ounce;
steady. Money, 2g3'.4 per cent.
The markets here were gloomy, under the In
fluence of the news from Oeborne. The busi
ness transacted was meager. Americana were
very much depressed at the opening, but
¦within on hour London began to buy, restoring
parities. New York bought and the Continent
took Northern Pacifies and Union Pacifies.
Money rates were unchanged. Silver was
rather weak.
NEW TORK. Jan. H.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $1EO,COO,COO gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $139,425,319; gold, $75,067,065.
Condition of the Treasury.
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87H for
demand and $4 83VSC-4 81% for sixty days; posted
rates. $4 84V4(ff4 88; commercial bills, $4 82ft©
4 SJV;. Silver certificates, 64%#65&o. Bar sil
ver, 63Hc. Mexican dollars. 49c. Bonds — Gov
ernment, firmer; railroad. Irregular; Stats,
steady.
Gas and Electric wan ajraln aetivo on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, selling;
from 47% down to 46. In the afternoon it was
still weaker at 45^048. The other stocks
showed no particular change.
.. Tn « r < w« a fair business In the morning on
the Oil Exchange, with higher prices for Han
ford at J11S4J120 and Junction at W2©1OO. and a
decline in San Joaquln at 12%®13c.
There was no change worthy of note in the
afternoon.
Tt* Sierra Nevada Mining Company haa
levied an assessment of 15c.
The following were ex-dividended yesterday
Spring Valley Water. 42c; Central Light and
Power. 6c; California Powder. *1; Hutchinson
Plantation. 25c; California Fruit Canners. 60c?
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE:
MONDAY. Jan II— 1 p. „».
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
«s quar coup..U3mi4H|4s do cb (new)i37Hl3S
4» do reg 113Vill4H!3a do coup lioi»lll
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C0PC0 6s.lO4% — Oak Water Js.lor^lOSH
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116 — Oceanic SS Bs.lOSHlW
C C Water 5s.lO«Vi — Om C Ky 6s.. .128 —
Ed L & P 5a.. 131 US Pac G Imp 4s.lOO —
F & Cl Ry 6s.U4% — P ft Cl Ry 6S.105 — '
Geary-st R 5s. — — P&ORR6s. — —
H C & S 6V4s. - - Powell-st R€s.l20% -
,Do5« 104H— Sac E G&RSs. — tm
LAR 6s 111H — S F & SJV 68.120 —
Do gntd 8s... — 104 S R of Cal 6».110 —
.«>«»" — — S P R of A Ss.110% —
LA PR r u.Ul% — S P C «s U905.
Markt Cab 6s.l26 — Series A)....109H —
Do 1st M 5s.l2«i — Do (Serie»B)U0H —
N CNOBIi. — U3V4 Do (1906) 1134 —
N R of Cal 6S.113 U3 D« (1912) UlH —
. T Po5s 110 — 8 P R 1st g Ss.107 10S%
N P C R R ts.lOVA - 8 P B R C «s.131% -
T l>o 5s 108 — S V Water 6».114V4 —
N Cal Ry 6«..110miH4 Do 4a 1C4 —
O G L * H 6s.U0% — Do 3d mtge..l01H —
Oak Tran to...U4 115 Btktn Gas 6s.. 103 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coeta.. 70 70% I Spring Valley. »0>4 *0%
Maxln County. 6m — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo— 4 Pao L Co — 44
Eqult O L Co. JH — B*o E G&RCOv — 40
Mutual El Co. * (H 8 F G 4 E... 42% 46H
O G L & H... — 60* Ban Francisco. 4fe 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 44 — Stktn G 4 n. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'a Fund. 231 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-C&l Ltd. 76 — Lon P & A.... 143 145
Bank of Cal. 406 — Merchants' Ex 18 —
Cal S D & T.104% - S F Nat Bk.. — 125
First Natnlol. — 325
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1S50 Fav & L So... — —
Hum S & L.. — — B«o 6av Bk...27S —
Mut Sav Bk.. 60 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U...510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....135 — |O S L & H... 40 —
Geaxy-st 47V4 — Presidio — 20
Market-st .... 6S% 69 |
POWDER STOCKS.
California ™ — — IVigorlt -. 1% I
Giant Con Co. -tf 84%|
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana B P Co. 7Vi 7H Kilauea. S Co. TL% —
Haw C & 8 Co — 90 Makawell S C 42H —
Honokaa S Co Sltt 31% Onomea S Co. 23 2SVi
Uutcn s P Co 28H 27 Paaubau S Co 2314 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.125 125% Oceanic SS Co.100 —
Cal Fruit Asn.105 108 Pao A F A... 3 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor CO...1S3 154
Mer Ex Assn. 97 — Par Paint Co. 12 » —
Morning Session.
Board—
135 Honokaa 8 Co 81 !7g
75 Hutchinson 8 P Co 29 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 28 C2tt
100 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 50
$1000 Los Angel** Ry 5a .111 60
IS Makawell 42 60
26 Market-St R R (» 00
100 Paahau S P Co 32 23
175 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 46 00
25 6 F Gas & Electric Co, s 90. 43 12H
115 8 F Gas & Electric, ¦ 80 46 25
10 8 F Gas & Electric a SO 46 50
50 S F Gas & Electric, ¦ 90 46 75
110 8 F Gas & Elactrto Co 47 00
150 8 F Gas & Electric Co, ¦ 90 47 00
25 8 F Gas A Electric Co. 47 2S
BO 8 F Gas & Electric Co. ¦ 80 47 60
t S V Water 90 60
10 S V Water 90 23
Street—
60 California Win* Association 100 00
10 Giant Powder Con 84 00
$5000 Hawaiian C & B Co 6s 104 12H
$3)00 Hawaiian C & S Co (cash) 104 12H
50 L P & A Bank 143 2S
$5000 Market-St R R Con 6s 122 00
60 8 F Gas & Electric Co, a 90 47 00
Afternoon Session.
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s... .....104 75 •
250 California Wine Association 100 CO
225 Hana Plantation Co X 7 23
60 Honokaa S Co 31 37V4
10 Makawell 42 60
100 Mutual Electric Light S 25
75 Mutual Electric Light 6 00
200 Paauhau S P Co S3 25
flOOO S F & S J Bonds 120 S3
25 S F Gas Sc. Electric Co 45 75
"30 S F Gas & Electrlo Co 46 00
15 8 V Water 90 50
$1000 U S 3s (Coup) _ 110 SO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Jan. 21-4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I BliAsk.
Alpha ......... 03 08 Justlca ..... 07 OS
Alta 04 osi Kentuck OX OS
•Andes ,. os 09 Lady Wash..... — 03
g«lcher M U Mexican » U
Best Sc Belcher 23 U Occidental 03 08
Bullion 03 04Oi)hl r - •? »
Caledonia 7U 71 Overman - 13 14
Challenge Con- 17 WPotoel W 19
Chollar « 13 9avag» W 29
Confidence so «» Scorpion .-— 04
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 7' W Belchw.... 01 04
Con Imperial... 01 0. iierra Nevada- XI 13
Con New York. — c: iilver Hill 47 49
Crown Point... ISyis at Louis — W
Eureka Con.... — 15 standard 4 50 4 «5
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 19
Gould & Curry. 33 40 Union Con M XT
Hale A Norcrs. 17 13 Utah — OS VI
Julia 02 04 Yellow Jacket.. M II
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterdays
Morning Session.
*X> Best & Belcher 23 Ophlr «4 2
5<X> Best * Belcher 2«' 400 Poto«l 2
700 Con Cal A Va..l 65 600 Sierra Xevad*. 23
100 Gould & Curry. 41! 1C0 Silver Hill Jf
700 Julia 62: 3C0 Utah •• w
Afternoon Session.
IPO Best & Belcher 25! SO Ophlr «'
100 Caledonia 71| SOO Overman 1*
ICOChollar 12. 2W Savage *>
500 Con Cal & Va..l 73 100 Sierra Nevada.. 23
10© Gould A Curry. 40 600 Union Coo 37
BOO Ophlr «|
Following were the sales la th» Pacific Stodt
Exchange j'esterday:
Morn In e Session.
600 Best & Belcher 23 400 Gould ft Curry. 44
109 Best & Belcher 2» 500 Justice - 08
•SCO Best & Belcher 2"., 500 Mexican ....... 23
700 (.'hollar 11' S00 Mexican SO
JO© Choi lar 12 500 Mexican 31
100 Con Cal & V...1 60 170O Ophir «5
200 Con Cal & V.I 62%! 8"0 Ophir 69
2C0 Con Cal & V...1 85 1500 Potosl »
800 Con Cal & V.I 87Vj 200 Savage 19
14CO Con Cal & V...1 70 500 Sierra Nevada. 21
200 Crown Point.,. 13 ' 1200 Union Con...... Tt
SCO Gould & Curry. 4! SCO Union Con...... 24
Afternoon Session.
$00 Chollar Hi 700 Oph!r M
230 Cn Cl & V.I 72V 200 Ophir ...... «4
50 Cn Cal & Va.l 70; 200 Savage 30
190 Gould & Crry 40 j 100 Sierra N«v.... 23
55.1 Kentuck 03 200 Union Con.... 21
200 Ophlr 65'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
.. OREGON.
Flour, qr sks..:.. 8.500J " .
Flour, qr sks...'.: 25,375 r IIops. bales.. '¦ S.*J
Wheat, ctls....... 5,S35(M. Seed, sks.. * «
Barley, ctls : 6.935|AVool. bales 2
Middlings, ~ sks... ' 495'ShortR, sks.. 220
Bran, sks 2,315 Pelts. Mis.......' isi
Onions,- sks .1,100 Hides,: No 2947
Potatoes, sks...... 3.870 1 Quicksilver, flsks '4'
Corn., ctls 2OL*ath?r. rolls 12s
Beans, sks........ SOS Wine, gals 126 700
Oats, ctls. ..." 3?0,Tallow, ctls..... '22S
Hay, tons......... 547, Chicory, bbls..... ,;o
Straw, tons ...... 16 Lime, bbls......... ig2
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JANUARY 21.
Crushed, 6.2£c: Powdered. 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.65c; - Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners* A. 5.7cc; Magnolia A, 5.35c: Extra C
6.25c; Golden C, 5.15c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. "25c more: boxes. 50c more; &0-lb bags,
10c mere. - No orders taken for less than 76
barrels or. its equivalent.- Domlnos, half-bar
rels, fi.Mc; boxes, 6.75c per lb. '
COAI* — Wellington. J9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7; Coo*
Bay. $5 50;Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and {13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$13 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 43
per 2000 lbs and JS 60 per ton. according to
brand. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar • Refining Com
pany quote*, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
r.AOP—fnn Ouentln Pnp«, *t 65: falf".itta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
J8V4<&32lfcc: Fleece Twine. 74c
General ¦ Merchandise.
Previous prices rule for ail descriptions, and
the market Is still scantily supplied.
3EEF— 7%#8 l ,ic lor Steers an.l l-«.:h per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. «(!?nc: tmall. »@llc i>er lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9M&10c: Ewes, 939%o
per pound. t_,
LAMB— 10©lle per lb: spring. 12\*ei5c per lb
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%1?«<? fpr small and 6%(3
$<i for medium and Z^ii 5\ t c for larsr«: stock
Hogs and feeders. S^^S^c; dressed Hogs. <*M
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall clip— San Joaquln. 6>4®8c: do Iambs S3
9e; Middle County. 9£10c: Northern Monntnln.
free. lOipllc: Southern Mountain. "M©8Hc-
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll©13c per lb
HOPS— 12@16c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy Salted Steer«
9V4c; medium. 9c: light. 8©8Hc; Cow Hid™ 1
8%c for heavy and 8@SV4c for light;. Stag* 6a
6<ic; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, sc- Salted
Calf. 10c: Drj" Hides. 15Hc: culls. 13%c- dry
kip, 15; Dry Calf. 16«i7c; culls and brandV
14c: Sheepeklns. shearlings, 20©30o each- short
Wool. 30@55c each: medium. 60®75c: long Wool
75c(g$l each: Horse Hides, salt. »2 50® 175 for
laree and ti&Z 25 for medium. JX®1 25 for small
and 60c for colts; Horse Hides, dry fl 73 for
large. $1 60 for medium. $1 25 for small and 6O0
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins ss c 
fall or medium skins, 30c: winter or ' thin
eklns, 20o. Goatskins— Prime Angoras 75c"
large and smooth, 60c: medium, 35o • *
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4K®4Uo D - r th-
No. 2. 8%c; grease, 2@2Hc. . * p r lOf
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows-
Northern, free. lr.ftlGe: Northern, defective 12a
14c; Middle County, free. 15^16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@>l4c: Southern Mountain 12
months'. 9fM0c; Southern Mountain, free' 7
months', lliftlic; Southern Mountain, defective
7 months'. 9<STllc: Humbcldt and Mendoclno IS
©17c: Nevada. 13<SHc per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll@HHc per lb for
heavy, lU£@12c for light medium. 124®13c for
llKht. 13%4?14c f"r extra light and l?«i5Vic for
BUgar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams
12c; Mees Beef, *12 per barrel; extra Mess J13 :
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. 115®15 60- extra
clear. ?19 60©20; Mes?. J17; Smoked Beef lfc
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at C^®6%c per lb for
compound and 9o for pure: half-barrels Dure
VAc; 10-lb tins. S%c; 6-lb tine. »T4c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, g^c; three
half -barrels. 8c; one tierce. l%e; two tlercea
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb. . "
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hams were advanced Ho yesterday, in sym
pathy with a scarcity at Western points. Oth
er cured meats are firm, and no more cut
ting Is reported.
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9@10c p«r lb for Italian
hardshell. 10c: No. 2. VAc: Almonds. 12813c for
papenshell. 9«llc for soft shell: Peanuts 5®6c
lor Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c- pe
cans 11613c; Cocoanuts. $3 60@5.
HONEY-Comb. 13&©14Hc for bright and 12%
«13c for light amber; water white extracted
7%&8c; light amber, extracted, 6Vjitf7c: darlc
6ff6V4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24026c per lb.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 Hires, 3c:
3C-40s, 7c: 40-608, 6^0; 60-603, 4Uo; eo-TOs, 8% c ;
7O-80s, 8%c: 8O-9Os. 2%c: 90-lOOs, 2Vic; 100-120a.
lM-c; rubles. >4c premium; Sonomas, He and
San Joaqulns yc less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots. frgSc for Royals and 10fl>10%c for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 5<3>6c; sun-dried,
aHf^^c: Peaches. 405c for standard. B<J6c for
choice and t%<81c for fancy; Pears, 2®7c;
Plums, pitted, 5©6%c; unpltted. 1<S1U C ; Nec
tarines. 5«5^c for red and 5H0€c for white.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
tas established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, lie per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp^
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10Uc per
lb; choice, 9V4e; standard. 8*ic; prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, Sc: Seedless. CO-lb boxes,
6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; 8-crown. W»c: 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific Brand, 4-crown, 6%c; S-crown, 6Uc:
2-crown. 6c. London Layers, 2-crown. $1 50
per box; S-crown. {1 60; Fancy Clusters. J2;
Dehesa, ?2 60; Imperial, $3. All prices f. a
b. at common shipping points in California.
PEARS— 60e®» 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsins, %U 60: Cap*
Cod. $14 per barrel.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1«rJ;
Seedlings, Mc<??$l; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins. 75cft$l; Lemons, 25c®$l 25 for common
and $1 5002 for good to choice: Grape Fruit,
6Oo0$l 50: Mexican Limes. $4 W@5; California
Limes, 25@33c; Bananas, 25c© fl per bunch;
Pineapples, 7Sc©J2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prices for . all descriptions In the open mar
ket remain as before.
DECIDUOUS FRUITO
APPLES—35©€5c per box for common and 75o
I5*l BO for good to choice: Fpltienbrgs, $1 2&&
1 75: Oregon Spitzenbergs, fl 6001 75.
Only two cars of Oranges were offered at
the auction, and they came in late, and the
eale was deranged In consequence. Sales were
as fallows: Choice Navels, $1 1501 60; Stand
ard Navel3. il®l 40.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, full craam, HHo; choice,
10c; common, nominal; Young Americas,
12c; Eastern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch — Selected white, 28ej mixed,
colors, 24c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 24c; standard,
23c; seconds, •
Fiesh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, 1
Storage— California fancy, ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, 20c; standard, ; seconds,
Butter stands the same. Creamery extras
and firm and the other grades steady. Receipts
are considerably larger.
Cheese Is Mo lower, bat steady at th» de
cline. \
Eggs are very firm, and fresh have again
advanced. Storage remain unchanged.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 69,100 pounds Butter, 640 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern . Eggs, 2060 pounds
California Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 20o; firsts, 18c; seconds,
17c.
i Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts. 15c; seconds. 14c;
store, 13c.
Storage — Creamery extra*, Me; firsts, I7c;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle— 17c per lb.
Kes-— 1»n per lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry cams In. Local
stock continued dull..
Receipts of Game were 1X6 sks. and as the
demand was poor the market was lower and
depressed. Quail were especially weak.
POULTRY- Live Turkeys. io@llc for Gob
blers and 10<211c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys
10@Hc; Geese, per pair, $1 7502; Goslings. $1 7o
Q2; Ducks, $4<fr5 for old and $5@? for young:
Hens. $3 50®5: Young Roosters. $4 W36; Old
Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers. $4@5; Broilers,
$4@4 60 for large and $3@3 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old. and $2 25
fiZ 73 for Souabs.
GAME— Quail. 75c@$l for Valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard, $3@3 50; Canvasback, $2 50
@3 50; Sprig. $2 60®3; Teal. $2@2 50; Widgeon,
$1 50@l 75; Small Duck, $1 25@1 60; Black Jack,
$1 60; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. $1 25@1 60-
Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 for large; Honk
ers. |3@4 50; English Snipe, $1 75@3; Jack
Snlpo. $1 25@1 60; Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 25
@1 50 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves,
76c per dozen.
B@8o per 1b; String Beans, 8@15c; Cabbage, 90c;
Tomatoes. Lc* Angeles, $1 60@2 25 per crate;
Egg. Plant, Los Angeles, UVi^Oc per lb;
Green Peppers, Los Angela. 10c per lb for
Chile and 15c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 9®llc;
Dry Okra, 10®15o per lb; Carrots 25<g35c per
box; Hothouse Cuoumbers. $1 25@1 50 pe ¦ dozen-
Summer Squash. $1 75@2 per box; Garlic. 4c per
lb: Marrowfat Squash, $12620 per ton; Mush
rooms. 5<315c per lb.
„ WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 81.— Wheat— Quiet and easy;
Blue Stem. E7Hc; Club Me.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 21.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
64Vi&iSc; Blue Stem, E7c
NEW YORK. Jan. tL— Cotton— Quiet, un
changed.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 21.— Clearings, 1445,119;
balances, JS2.3CG.
Northern Wheat Market.
New York Cotton Market.
LONDON, Jan. a.— The offerings at th« Wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 14,244 bales.
The selection was varied. Competition for fine
grades was brisk, but low; scoureds were slow.
New clip was active and in demand at firm
prices. ' Only a few lots of crossbreds -were of
fered. Oreasy combing was especially brisk,
and was taken by the home trade and the Con
tinent. America purchased several desirable
lots.
London Wool Sales.
offering:; cargoes Walla Walla 28s 9d; English
country markets, part 6d cheaper; Wheat Im
ports Into United Kingdom, 2S0 1 000 bushels;
Flour Imports Into United Kingdom, 187,000 bar
rels; Wheat and Flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 2,720,000; Wheat and Flour on passage
to Continent. 790.000.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 21.— WHEAT— Firm ; No. 1
Standard California, 6\i@8\td ; Wheat in Paris,
steady; French country markets, quiet and
steady; weather Jn England, milder.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 17-3M.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 21.— Wheat-Spot, steady;
No. 1 California, 6s 4d; No. 2 red Western win
ter. 6> Id; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 8V4d. Fu
tures, quic:: March. 6s Id; May, 6s H4d.
Corn— Bpor, quiet; Arnarloan new, 8s lid; do
old, 4s. Futures., quiet: January, 8s lOftd^
March. 3s 8 fad: May. Ss 9Vid.
LONDON, Jan. 21 — Consols, 96H@S»%. 8"
ver. 291-16d. Wheat cargoes on passage, less
Foreign Markets
Nuw TORK, Jan. a.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, January 8. ** compiled by tho
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follow*.
Wheat 61,196,000 bushels decrease 649,000: Corn,
11.743,000, increase 1,113,000; Oats 19.541,000, In
crease 329.000; Rye L721.000. decrease 25,000;
Barley 2,011.000. decrease 213,000.
Visible Grain Supply.
was developed In the local market for Tin, fol
lowing an advance of £1 IBs for spot and £1
for futures in London, but trading was very
narrow. Prices opened up about 40 to 50 points,
ruled firm all day. closing firm at $26 55026 75.
Copper— Dull; J17 for Lake, and $16 62ft for
casting;.
Lead and Spelter— Inactive, but steady, at un
changed prices, |4 37U and $4 06<f?4 15, respect
ively.
The local Iron situation remains practically
nominal and prices aro unchanged.
NEW YORK. Jan. JL-Conslderable firmness
fcavy. *5S0®S42tt; roueh heavy. J5_16@o 26;
"SW. |5 15®6 40; bulk of sales, $5 25@5 37V4
• SHEEP— Receipts, 21.000. Steady to^ 10c
lower. Good to choice wether., *3 75<3>4 5o;
fair to choice mixed. S3 40@3 80; "Western
she*p *S75@4 50; Texas sheep, J2 W@3 50; na
tive lambs, $4 25@5 50; Western lambs, *^0
6M> —
; New York Metal Market.,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1901.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
ETATI
I IJiat I This I Lut
ION'S. 24 Hoars; 6e&son. I Season.
h-
fa
fca.
Vr
It
Fa
Lo
-i
icr:
ia
tdaj
ia
j* .
-.n
-ka ...
Bluff.
¦anenti
Franc
mo . . .
spender
Luis
Ar.cel<
10 S0.1J EJ.48
LOO 15.06 14.SJ
;o a 11.00 U.J1
else*. » li.«S 14.28
12 7.a 6.1J
ne« M 4.ES 2.09
Oblspo « X1.44 U.M
f » 14 8.21 4.67
> «« J.19 160
ETATI
I IJiat I This I Lut
ION'S. 24 Hoars; 6e&son. I Season.
h-
fa
fca.
Vr
It
Fa
Lo
-i
icr:
ia
tdaj
ia
j* .
-.n
-ka ...
Bluff.
¦anenti
Franc
mo . . .
spender
Luis
Ar.cel<
10 S0.1J EJ.48
LOO 15.06 14.SJ
;o a 11.00 U.J1
else*. » li.«S 14.28
12 7.a 6.1J
ne« M 4.ES 2.09
Oblspo « X1.44 U.M
f » 14 8.21 4.67
> «« J.19 160
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• f> Steamers leave Broadway
*Xl wharf, San Francisco:
' For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. in.,
¦W^hS!^ Jan - a « 26> n * Fel> - *¦ Change
7%**»!jJ£5J^ to company's steamers at Se-
iSaSWjfil For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
flvfVV^f^fliJ c ->. Port Townsend. Seattle.
(jr '"^¦fcjrfrfU Tacoma. Ererett. Anaeortes.
~**Wi3i and New Whateom (Wash.V—
11 a. m., Jan. &. 26, 31. Feb.
5. and every fifth day thereafter. Changs at
Seattle for this company's ateamers for Ala^k*
and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay—] p. m.. Jan II,
22. 2S. Feb. 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Radondo (Los An-
grles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, I a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, > a. m.
For Santa Croa. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
uco9. Port Harford 'San Luis Oblspo). Gavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Coroca. Friday*, i l a; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Ban Josa dal
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro«alla
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. cn., 7th each montn.
For further Information obtain company* ¦
folders.
The company reserves tha right to enang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of tailing,
without previous notle«.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
atreet (Palace FTotel).
COODALL. PERKINS & CO.. O«J. Agfa..
10 Market St., Ban Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEH3 TO
I 3 O T^ T? I., J?± 3ST 3D
From BDear-stre«t Wnarf at 11 a. m.
FA JJC 512 First Class Including Berth
MnL S3 Second Class arjd Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13. 23. Feb. 3
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 13. 33
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points E&st.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
630 Market at.
TOYO EISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HOSGKON'G, calling; at
Kobe (HI030), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
> dla, etc. No cargo received on board on day
; of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MART?
Thursday. January 24, 19©»
S3. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, February 13, 1901
6S. AMERICA MARU
_> Friday. March 15. 1WI
Rouna-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
i freight and passage apply at company's offlcw.
! 421 Market street, corner First.
; W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
inw Y025. SOUTHAMPTON. LOTOOS. 7A3X9L
Stopping at Caerbour*. westbound.
From New York Every 'Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Vaderland Jan. 10 St. Louis Feb. 29
I New York Feb. « New York Feb. XT
Kensington Feb. 13i Vaderland March •
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Westernland ...Feb. S Friesland Feb. 27
Kensington ....Feb. 13 South-wark March «
Noordland Feb. 20 Westernland.. March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CAM PANT.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
¦ 30 Montgomery street.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Thursday. January 24. at 1 p w.
SS. MARIPOSA 1 Honolulu only)
Saturday. February x. 1 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Friday. February 9. 4 t>. m.
J. D. SrScSKELS * B333. CO., Ssieral Jlganls. 327 lariat St
Sen'l Passngsr flfta, 613 H3rtet St.. Ffer to. 7. fceig: St
PACU10 STEAM NAVTOATIOS CO. AND
CCMPANIA SXTO AMERICANA OS VAPORS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
end South American ports. ,From foot of Fre-
mont street. Sailing:
S. S. GUATEMALA February 7. 1901
S S. PALENA February 20. 1301
p S - £O»>^'"JA..... Marc^ 7. 1901
S R TUCAPKL March 20, Wl
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger strvlcsi
(So change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger of flea. 31« CaJirornta. atreet.
BALFOUTt. OUTHRIE A CO.. Agents.
PANAMA R.R. ! S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S.S.ST. PAUL sails January 29.
S.S. RQANQKE sails Fetaf 19.
From ¦wharf, foot of Fremont at., at I in m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coast Agent
COJTPAGNIS 6ZXKKALS TBANSATLAHTIQTrB.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS.
every Thursday, instead of «^7J>'»>
Saturuay, at ID a. m., from Pier 42, ~***Z£vH
Mrth River, foot of Morton street. First class
tJ Havre. $:..". and upward. Second elasa to
Havre. 1*3 and unward. GEXERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED BTA.TES AND CANADA. »
Broadway (Hudson l>ulldlng). New York. J.
F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery av?nu?, San Francisca Ticket.*
sold by all Ra'.Tmnl Ticket A*«nta.
BAY - AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FG?. I!. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Ste3"— *r " v 'cr»t"ic-r«iln. '*
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat tt J*4S
a. m.. 3:13. S:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and *:3C: Sundays, 10:30 a. cn. l
I: m. Landing and offlcr. Mlsslon-atravt Dock.
Ple.r No. 2. Telephone Main 160*. "°c*.
FAKE.... "....!. ffEa.John Shaw, alias John Bhuler. alias
Ilarry Huff, appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday on the charge of pass
ir.% a fictitious check for $25 en J. Swain.
U Mason Etreet. July 22, 1£)S. He was ar
rested by Detective T. B. Gibson and at
his request the case wa* continued till
of Passing Numerous Ficti
tious Checks.
Recognized in Court as Man Accused
SHAW HAS MORE CHARGES
PREFERRED AGAINST HIM
May Wilton was tried before a Jury In
Judge Cook's court yesterday on the
charge of assault to murder for stabbin*
Alexander Sanderson, proprietor of a
lodging-house at 117 Taylor street,, with
a pair of scissors in November last. Af
ter hearing the evidence for the prosecu
tion the Jury retired without calling upon
the defense and In two minutes returned
with a verdict of acquittal.
May Wilton Acquitted.
The bill . at the Olympia this week is
good. Querita Vincent is still the favorite,
but all the other members on the bill were
well received last night. -. : . . .... ¦—
don't be too particular about seeing
that your reports show exact weight. A
little less won't beany harm.' I under-
Stood then what was expected of me, and
acted accordingly. If I sold them 20,000
pounds.? 1 ; would only charge them with
having received 13,000 pounds. I generally
gave them" about -25 -per ~ cent -more than
they were charged' with." . ;
¦ "What was this Jute worth?"
"Prices varied from one-half . cent to
one cent a pound." ' "
"Did' these : prominent ¦ citizens of San
Francisco, as you Btyle them, divide any
of the profits of this stealing with you f
"They occasionally . gave me " a ' cigar;
once In a while they gave me a' dollar or
two."
"Do you think there were any other
robbing, schemes carried on by Walden
and his "associates?" . . , - '¦¦¦'¦
- "I do,"- was the. reply. "I am satisfied
that .Walden forged , the names of the
wardens to ; checks sent them toy -bona
fide purchasers of bags from the interior
of the State. - ' Every order that came to
the - prison - was .turned over -to Walden.
The wardens : kept no , track ' of - these or
ders, so complete .was their confidence ,in
Walden.- The goods .were shipped and
the 'return .-.letters./ containing .checks in
payment for them' also Ifell, Into -his
hands. - < He is an expert penman and can
easily forge any signature. I believe that
many'' shipments '"of- goodnv were ; made
from '. San • Qu^ntln to ; people : who bought
the goods honestly, but no records of v the
sale * of." the goods will ,be found "; In the
books.'- Walden ¦ had charge of. the books,
and- if -he-made any ; entries', concerning
these 3 sales and; afterward received "the
checks >and forged Indorsements :to them.
I think: that:the:likelihood of the falsi
fications made by;"Mnv ever, being discov
ered . Is .very small. ..'. He \ia a • clever book
keeper,^ and f. I •: douot > very; much * if ; there
Is any ¦ accountant or . expert In ', the ; State
that,, can anything wrong, with
his accounts.'.' ~-3£3BflMMilfl9HSBtag3NdMS
Olympia.
Jesse Conley, better known as "Long-
Shot Conley," the colored -Jockey, last
night slashed Henry Shannon, also col
ored, across the face with a knife, inflict
ing a wound that will mark him for life.
The two " men were playing pool in a
Kearny street saloon when a dispute
arose as to the payment for the drinks.
Conley claims that Shannon started to as.
sault him. when in self-defense he drew
the knife and slashed him.'
Shannon was . taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where the wound was stitched.
Conley was locked up In the City Prison'
and charged with an assault with a dead
ly weapon. He was at once released on
$100 cash ball.
Jockey, Cuts Henry Shan
non With a Knife.
SLASHES HIS RIVAIi
OVER A POOL QAM£
"Iiong-Shot" Conley, the Colored
William Greer Harrison, president of
the Olympic Athletic Club, received a
telegTam last evening from J. E. Sullivan,
;he well known amateur sporting author
ity cf New York, stating that all the
¦champion boxers nave promised to go to
Kan Krancleco. This news is gratifying
to the directors and members of the local
club, as it insures another brilliant ama
teur boxing tournament in the latter part
of February.
¦ Such well-known performers as Scholes,
Dukelow and Rodebeck, who fought be
fore the club last year, will a^ain visit
the coast. It also means that the ama
¦ • .• t who are to box in the club tourna
ment, which will be inaugurated on the
JC'ih of this month, will try harder for
victory, as it will give them a chance to
ity conclusions with their Eastern rivals.
»*% ¦ ' ¦ .. n: I>eonard. the clutr"*. lightweight,
fias improved 1C«J per cent, and he feels
confident that he will retrieve the defeat
he fcuJTered at tho hands of Scholes.
Winners in tne Eastern Tournament
Will Box at the Olympic Club
in February.
A-M-AM-bUii. BOXERS ARE
COMING TO THIS CITY
The Chinese claim that the officer kid
naped Lillie nnd acted without warrant.
They Intend to flght the matter In court.
Lillie's mother and a man who claims to
be her father, according to Miss Camer
on, had taken the little girl to^the differ
ent clubs and exhibited her in an effort,
to realize a good -sum for her, and had
finally made arrangements to transfer her
and then return to China with the pro
ceeds. • -. ' . - . ¦ . ..
LJllle resided at 1114 Stockton street,
but according to the statement of Miss
Cameron of the mission, the little one
was about to be sold to a syndicate of
Chinamen and placed in an immoral
house. . - .
1*1TT1,E CTTTNESE GXBX
RESCUED BY OFFICER
— — — — —
LAllie Toy Taken to the Presbyterian
Chinese Mission to Prevent
\ Her Sale. ,
Llllie Toy, a pretty litflte 12-year-old
Chinese girl who is well known among the
Celestials of this city, was taken from- her
home yesterday despite the protest of her
mother, and Is now safely quartered In
the Presbyterian Chinese Mission.
Colonel Philip H. Ellis Will Direct
the Destinies of Uncle Sam's
"Bookies."
The command of the First and Second
Provisional Battalions has been assigned
to Colonel Philip H. Ellis. Eighth Infan
try. This assignment will probably be a
permanent one, as on the passage of the
iirmy bill the recruits will form the
Twenty-sixth Regiment of Infantry. Re
cruits are arriving daily and are being
assigned to the model camp, but the
scarcity of available officers prevents the
regular regimental formation.
Private Lawson of the Second Batta
lion will be court-martialed for false en
listment and will probably serve a long
term at Alcatraz. He enlisted as a
'"rookie," but army records show that he
was a eoldler two years ago. This fact
w«j found upon the arrival of his enlist
ment card at headauarters.
The 2C3 bodies of soldiers who died of
BcialJpox In Manila will be buried at the
Presidio. Thi? decision was reached yes
terday end orders issued to that effect.
PKOVISIONAL BATTALIONS
GIVEN NEW COMMANDER
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— The City Vigi
lance League held a mass meeting In the
interests of a" better city government to
night in the Metropolitan Temple. Dr.
Parkhurst is the honorary president of
the league. The meeting was the begin
ning of a series for the same purpose to
be field in churches, synagogues, schools,
society rooms, etc. The idea is'to arouse
the religious population for the next
Mayoralty campaign. Wheeler H. Peck
harii, who was th«a principal speaker of
the evening, said In part:
"What haa happened in this city to
make men think* We have a great city.
Through it runs the. proud Fifth avenue,
fined on either Bide with palaces and
splendor. And, if from that point one
will stretch out one's hand on either side,
only at arm's length almost, it would rest
upon' the most horrible and degrading
human miaery. This is due to a great
extent to bad city government for years
past. —
"Just think of it! At "the head of the
party* and at present having the city's
destiny in his hands is a man who never
did anything to bring public notice to
himself, but got tried once for murder.
"Croker denes us to show that he ever
made a' dishonest dollar. I say that If
a lawyer of average ability could put
Croker under cross-examination he .would
be forced to answer. I defy Croker to
show when he ever made an honest dol
lar." ¦ '
Mr. Peckham said there were many of
the wealthiest and strongest men march-
Ing columns strong to pay tribute to
those '- la power, either to get possession
of things to which they have no right
or else 'to escape blackmail from under
lings. He said it/ was an easy matter
for great corporated Interests - to pay
large sums to the "'boss", in order to get
permission to extort far larger sums from
the public. He said relief never need be
expected so long as these corporations
are allowed to carry on their business as
they please. .
Wheeler Peckham Defies Him
to Prove He Ever Made an
Honest Dollar.
SHARP ATTACK
OH BOSS CROKER
1113 Broadway, Jan. ZL
To fix a county liquor license tax of $20
a year upon all dealers in incorporated
cities and towns Is th«t purpose ot an or
dinance introduced bv Sutervisor YV. H.
Church to-day before :ho Heard of Su
pervisors. The new ordinance leave* tha
general outside county license of 130 a
quarter unchanged. The amended ordi
nance was referred to the Ordinance and
Jud:cJt>ry Committee ir. motion of Super
visor R<_we.
Under a recent decision by District At
torney Allen, the present ordinance would
force the Supervisors to collect the quar
terly license of $30 from all retail liquor
dealers In the county, including those
within Incorporated cities and towns, who
have heretofore been free from the county
tax. If the amended ordinance carries
the license imposed will be 1100 a year
less. This tax is In addition to the city
or town llcefises Which are exacted Irotix
saloon-keepers.
County lax Collector Barber, In accord
ance with District Attorney Allen's de
cision, ha* notified all of the saloon-keep
ers in cities and towns that they must
pay the county license tax. He has shown
that these dealers must apply for licenses
through the Board of ' Supervisors. The
tinJe given for making application will ex
pire to-morrow. Further extension will
probably be made, because of the new
phase developed by the proposed amend
ments.
Supervisor Charles F. Horaar wu ab
sent from the board meeting to-day be
"tause of illness, which also kept him
away last Monday.
Samuel B. Vandervoort has been ap
pointed deputy by Game Warden A. 3.
McDougall.
Max Neckhaus was granted a license to
conduct beer gardens on Hopkins street,
Frultvale. .
Supervisor Talcott was empowered to
make Immediate repairs to San Leandro
bridge, pending settlement of legal mat
ters over the award of the contract for a
new concrete structure to E. B. Stone.
under an emergency order. District At
torney Allen reported that he believed tha
board should call for bids on the work.
Supervisor Talcott declared that the
bridge was In a dangerous condition and
required repairs at once.
READY TO LOWER
TAX ON SALOONS
Supervisors Propose Ohangi
Affecting City and Town
Dfi&lsrs*
¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
WANTS HER DAUGHTER
ARRESTED FOR BIGAMY
Mm. Firslow Consults the District
Attorney as to What Action
to Take. -
Mrs. V." D. Firslow; 1707 Virginia street,
Berkeley, whose daughter Alice had to
seek shelter In the city prison Saturday
night, called at the prison yesterday. She
wants to punish her daughter for marry
ing Frank Huntsman, the soldier, before
she obtained a divorce from her husband
in North. Dakota, and consulted the Dis
trict Attorney as to what action she
should lake. She said she would rather
see her daughter in Jail than living with
the soldier. '• .
Mrs. Huntsman, as she desires to be
called, also visited the city prison yester
day morning, as she wanted to take
away the bundle she had with her when
she got temporary lodgings Saturday
night. Matron Wright advised her to
leave it till she got employment, which
she is seeking. She claimed that her
grandfather, who was an officer in the
Danish army, had to flee from Denmark
to this country, as he fought a duel with
another officer, who had insulted the
Crown Prince.
l T Oregon— Original, Samuel Sweaney
Handv. $6; Daniel. Strichler. : Lafay-
Washington - Original, Samuel^ ~T>;
Laughlin. Castle Rock, J6; . George E
Carrier, Eaet Sound, $8. ¦-. '
Washington— C. L. Cochrane, Dixie.
Walla Walla County, vice W. H. Johnson!
resigned; E. R. Phillips, Lincoln, Douglas
County, vice Parthena j Zimmerman, re
moved; R. K. Hatch, Moran, Spokane
County, vice G. A. Doust. resigned; H. J
Knox. Tampico, .Yaklmaa County, vice
Hervey Randolph, resigned.
Rural free delivery has been established
at Gresham, Multnomah County, Or. -
Pensions issued to-day: California^-Or
lginal, William H. Logsdon, San Bernar
dino, -$7; Eleasear Robbins, Los Angeles'
*6; John W. Osborn, Ukiah, $6. "Additional'
Anson Ward, Oakland, $8. ¦• increase, New
ton Whims, Los Angeles, $8; James Boat.
Los Angeles, $10;. original widows', Alice
May Sanders. Portola. $8; minors of<Dan
le J k .^ kson \, P >°, r . tola ' * 12 - War wlth Spain
—Original, William , L. Montgomery, Flo-
Postoffice Changes and Pensions Re-
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— Postofflce es
tablished: Oregon — Landing, Union Coun
ty', Ell F. Ballard, postmaster.
Discontinued: January 31, California-
Star. Tuolume County; mall to Columbia;
Waukena, Tulare County; mail to 1 Tulare,
Postmasters commissioned: . California —
May L. Thomas, Cherokee; June* C. Tay
lor, Ophir; Albert Murbach, Ross.
Washington— Frank J. Plngry, Big
Lake; Charles H. McKlnney; Long Beach;
Albert F.Fouts, Wilcox.
Appointed: .California— E. F. Neale,
Clalrville. Plumaa County, vice A. G.
Neale, deceased; Lizzie McGann, Rich
mond, Contra Costa County, • vice L.~ H
Naugee. removed. . ¦ . "
ported From Washington.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Former Well Known Oakland
Preacher Will Strive for Fame
¦I:-. :'¦'¦ as an Actor. .
COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa, Jani 22.
"From the Pulpit to the Stage" forms an
Interesting chapter in the career of the
Rev. Edwards Davis, wno, after preach
ing the gospel for five. years, forsook thu
ministry to become an actor, and last
night Joined Robert' Downing's company
in this city.
The Rev. Edwards Davis was formerly
pastor of the Central Temple in Oakland.
Cal., one of the largest congregations In
that city. His theatrical Btyle of preach
ing attracted considerable attention and
he became well known throughout Cali
fornia. '
REV. MR. DAVIS FORSAKES
PUI/PIT FOR THE STAGE
CHEYENNE. Wyo., Jan. 21.—Informa
tion was received here to-day to the ef
fect that a desperate attempt was -made
last night by a gang of train robbers to
hold up the overland express near
Kearny, Neb. The bandits placed a large
pile of rock on the track in order to wreck
the .train, which is said to have carried
a large amount of money. The robbers
pecreted themselves behind a hill near
the railroad. A pedestrian traveling
along the track came upon the obstruc
tions, was pounced upon, severely beaten
and robbed of all his money, amounting
to $150. He got away from them and ran
to Kearney, where he pave the alarm, and
a posse was organized and orders given
to hold the train. . The posse came upon
the bandits and captured one, the others
escaping. The officers are still in pursuit.
Are Discovered and One
Man Caught.
Place Obstructions on the Track, but
DESPERATE BANDITS
TRY TO ROB A TRAIN
The whole Morris family of seven was
poisoned. Mrs. Morris hardly tasted
them, as she did not like the dish. Con
sequently she escaped lighter than the
others.
» ¦
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 21.-Death last
night* claimed Manuel Morris, the father
of the family that was poisoned last Sat
urday by eatlng'what they thought to be
mushrooms. Yesterday Morris' little girl
Ida died from the effects of the poison.
Physicians have done everything possi
ble to save the family. All clay yesterday
they labored to save Morris, but the poi
son took too deadly a hold of Us vic
tim. The other members of the family
are now reported as being out of danger.
Dr. H. O. Howltt. one. of the attend
ing physicians, when seen to-night said
that as soon as the other children recov
ered they would be sent out to get anoth
er mess of mushrooms. In this way the
doctor hopes to be able to- ascertain the
exact variety of the fungi that poisoned
the family.
The Morris family has been In consid
erable trouble in this city in years past.
One of the little boys has occupied much
newspaper space as a boy burglar. In
some quarters It was thought that the
poisoning of the family might have been
occasioned by other means than mush
rooms,, When asked concerning this, Dr.
JHowitt said that he did not believe it to
be the case, as the symptoms manifested
In these cases differed, from those of any
other known poison.
the Effect of i Eating What He
Thought Were Mushrooms.
Manuel Morris Passes Away From
FATHER OF THE POISONED
FAMILY SUCCUMBS
Reade had {220 with him when he was
arrested. As soon as he had been taken
to the police station he sent for attorneys.
"I haven't a word to say about this
charge, and I don't care what any one
else may say anout it. I'm a Cornlshman,
and you can't make me explain any- ¦
thing," was the accused prisoner's state
ment. He will be arraigned in the Police
Court to-morrow morning.
• ¦¦ , ¦
"No, I have no desire to press a crtm-.
lnal prosecution against my wife. As for
a divorce— well, she will have to wait for
that. She told me I could get one as soon
as I pleased— that as soon as she was free
she would marry Reade. I shall have
something to say about that.
"She had the hardihood to beg ma to
withdraw the charge against Reade. Sha
pleaded with me to go to the police and
say that I had made a mistake.
This afternoon Mrs. Allen had an Inter
view with Chief of Police Hodgklns, but
It was unproductive of any change In her
attitude. Afterward she said to her hus
band : "I am dead to you now. and that Is
all that can be said about it. You have
done your worst and I care nothing
more."
"FronT~the start he tried to gain my
wife's affections, and I know now that he
lied about me and made all sorts of state
ments to her. All the time he was Invit
ing me to his store, was doinsr business
with me and pretended closest friendship.
"At Christmas time, when Lucy said she
wanted to go home for the holidays I
was only too happy to assist her. We
parted that morning in the Jolliest of spir
its. She kissed me good-by and was
laughing and Joking with me as If she waa
as merry as a meadowlark. All this time,
I have since learned, she had made her
plans to meet Reade in Winnipeg and run
away with him.
"Why, Reade sold out his business in
Granfell In order to elope with my wife.
She left Granfell on December 6 and went
to Reglna, but left there and went on to
"Winnipeg. They left Winnipeg December
29 and came directly to Oakland^ Reade
has {5000 In a Winnipeg bank, some of the
proceeds from the sale of his business.
this man had hypnotized the girl. Her
only grief is over the fact that he was
taken away from her. Our home life was
of the happiest until I took Reade to my
house. /
THE ELOPERS FROM CANADA AND THE HUSBAND WHO FOLLOWED
THE WOMAN ACROSS THE CONTINENT AND FOUND HER LTVTNO
WITH THE MAN SHE LOVED AS HIS WIFE.
When Blaukschaln appeared before the
Coroner's Jury he was covered with blood
and could not prove a satisfactory alibi.
The verdict of the Coroner's Jury charges
Blaukschain with murder. The onlv mo
tive that can be assigned for the crime is
that Blaukschain was avenging a wrong
to his squaw, whose son was killed years
ago by Lagoon Charlie's son.
Lagoon Charlie was a friend of the'
whites from the earliest days of Hum
boldt pioneer life. He was sober and in
dustrious and had much weight with his
people.
TRINIDAD, Jan. 21.— Word reached here
to-day of the murder of "Lagoon Charlie,"
one of the best-known Indians on the
coast. His supposed slayer is Albert
Blaukschaln, a white man, who lives with
the Indians. Charlie's body was found
near Trinidad yesterday by Tom Snow and
Supervisor McLeod. It lay in a ditch near
the roadside; The fingers of the right
hand clutched an open pocket knife.
There were four stab wounds, all on the
left side of the body.
The testimony before the Coroner's Jury
showed that Charlie*- had been decoyed to
his death by a messenger who came Sat
urday evening to the Indian, stating
that Charlie's daughten was Mylng and
wished to see him. The Indians declared
this man was Blaukschain. He was seen
with Charlie that evening near the scene
of the murder.
Special Dispatch to The Call
One of the Best Known In
dians on the Coast Meets
Violent Death.
LAGOON CHARLIE
IS MURDERED
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— Warren Leland
Jr. died f o-day at the Hotel" Grenoble, of
which he was the proprietor, of Bright's
disease. • . .
Warren L eland Jr.
QUINCYg 111., Jan. 2L-Rov. Charles B.
Conrad, At| D.. a noted missionary, died
to-day, aged 81. He was in Calcutta'dur
ing the Sepoy outbreak. ,
Rev. Charles E. Conrad.
WASHINGTON. Jan.' 21.— Colonel C. H.
Hilder. rtiief clerk of the Bureau of Eth
noltigy of the Smithsonian Institution
died to-day, aged 70 years. He was well
known as a magazine writer and lecturer.
WOODLAND, Jan. 2L— Peter Stuart
Chalmers." a native of Scotland 89 years of
age, died Sunday morning. He will be
burled at Elk Grove, Sacramento County.
Deceased was on the site of Chicago when
It contained but one log cabin. •- .
— «
Colonel 0. H. HUder.
Peter S. ChalmeTs.
Klisha Gray was one of the best known
of the electricaJ inventors of the day.
He was born in Ohio in 1835 and learned
blacksmithing, carpentering and boat
building. He then pursued special
studies in physical science at Oberlin Col
lege.
In 1870 he began his series of inventions
with a eelf-adjustir.g telegraph relay, and
two years later he established a manufac
tory of electrical apparatus at Cleveland.
He perfected the typewriting telegraph,
the telegraph repeater, the telegraphic
switch and annunciator, and other de
vices. In 1S72 he organized the Western
Electric Manufacturing- Company.
He Invented his speaking telephone in
1876 and the telautograph in 1893. His
name came very prominently before the
public in conectlon with the great suit
over telephone patents. He organized the
Congress of Electricians in connection
with the World's Columbian Exposition
In 1893 and was its chairman. He was
the author 'of several works on the sub
ject of telegraphy and telephony. - . ..
Professor Gray had been visiting Ar
thur J. Mundy and his brother in New
tonville, and had made arrangements to
go to Maine to-day. During- -the after
noon yesterday Mr. Gray complained of
feeling 111, and consulted Dr. Talbott. who
told him he had a Blight acidity of the
etomach. Neuralgia of the heart is as
signed as the cause of death. -
'NEWTON. Mass., Jan. 21.— Professor
Ellpha Gray of Chicago, who waa asso
ciated with Arthur J. Mundy In the per
fection of a system for submarine sig
naling, died suddenly at Newtonvllle last
night. \
Professor Gray was associated with
Professor Alexander Graham Bell In the
perfection of the telephone, and had been
East about a year and a half in connec
tion with the Invention of submarine sig
naling. He was stricken while . on the
street. He was picked up in an uncon
scious condition and carried into a neigh
boring house, where he died.
Passes Away Suddenly.
Famous 'Electrician • and Inventor
ELISHA, GRAY IS DEAD.
MIfs Hinchman then made her way te
her home and told the story of the attack
to her mother and brothers. She was
badly frightened and her narrative was
incoherent, but she eucceeded In telling
them that she recognized the man who
attacked her as George N. Tyler. The
brothers went to the Tyler residence,
after getting others, to assist them, for
the purpose of chastising him, but there
was no response to the knocks and rings
at the doors. Yesterday, however, they
accosted Tyler on the street and gave
him a tongue lashing. * According to Miss
Hinchman his only excuse is that he had
been sick and did not know what he was
doing.
"My daughter baa not recovered from
the fright even now," said Miss Hlnch
man's mother to-night, "and she is almost
a nervous wreck. It was a good thing
for her that the light was thrown on her
face, else she might have been choked
to death. Tyler had been looking for his
wife for several days and there is no tell
ing what he might have done. Of course,
he eaid it -was a mistake and all that, but
I don't s*»e what difference that makes.
jl man has no right to attack his wife
any way. There Is nothing we can do to
punish him. but I wish we could."
Xelther Tyler nor Mrs. Tyler could be
peen to-day. Tyler kept out of sight and
Mrs. Tyler remained in seclusion at the
home of Mrs. Lippman. , <
THE DAY'S DEAD.
"You'd better run, you co-ward."
Ecreamed Miss Hinchman after the man
as he made off in the darkness.
Tyler, who runs a nursery, has been
having bitter quarrels with his wife late
ly. He has several times threatened to
take her life and last Tuesday his threats
became so realistic that Mrs. Tyler fled
to the house of Mrs. Harry Lippman, cor
ner of Lincoln avenue and Everettistreet.
Tyler watched the house every day\ln the
hope that he might get an interview with
her. Saturday afternoon -he forced his
way Into the Lippman residence and
slashed some of his wife's clothing with
a knife. It was some time before the
women In the house succeeded in pacify
ing the Infuriated man. lie Insisted that
his wife go with him, but she afterward
succeeded In making her escape.
Miss Hinchftaan, whose home is Just
across the street from that of the Llpp
manns, prepared to go to San Francisco
to visit fnends Saturday. As she waa
crossing the street to take the 7 o'clock
train at Park street she was suddenly at
tacked by a man, who jumped out of the
gloom that pervades the neighborhood,
he grabbed her by the throat and choked
her with all his strength, his grasp.tight
ening with every struggle of the young
woman to release herself.
"Now I've got you; now I've got you,"
he kept crying.
While they were struggling Miss Hinch
xnan's face was thrown backward so that
the light from an electric lamp on the
corner shone full upon it. Tyler at once
saw that he had got hold of the wrong
woman and fled.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2L— "My God, what
have I done?" were the words uttered by
George JC. Tyler of 1716 Everett street
when he found that he had choked a
young lady whom he mistook for his wife
last Saturday evening. Then he dropped
the almost senseless form of his victim.
Miss Gertrude Hinchman of 1666 Everett
street, and ran for his home and bolted
the doors. Several neighbors hearing of
the deed were prepared to do Tyler bodily
harm, but they could not gain an entrance
into his house.
Mistakes Miss Hinchman
for His Wife and Nearly
Strangles Her.
TYLER CHOKES
WRONG WOMAN
During the hearing of the case it devel
oped that when the unfortunate lady es
caped from the residence assigned her in
Oakland she went to Alameda on the
baxne train with Baroteau. and that he
accompanied her to • Ean Francisco the
liext ir.oming; that he was with her all
lhat Gay and that the next morning she
«£s found in an Intoxicated condition in
it saloon in the western part of the clty.-
ITUzcerald cr.arged Chapman with re-
K;>oriSil'ility for Lady Yarde-Buller's pub
he BUfcfortur.es, and said that but for him
tlie would still be in the Livertnore insti
tution ¦where Greenbaum had placed her
in the hope that proper treatment might
cure her mental alienation.
Ju^pe Eilsworth accepted the testimony
of ht-r sons as to her ladyship's Insanity,
and therefore ruled that she had never
legally champed her residence.
He then r<\1ected Baroteau's petition
and appointed Wright.
Oakland Office Ean Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Jan. 2L
Judre Ellsworth settled the long wran
gle over the property of Lady Yarde-Bul
ler to-day by announcing that he would
appoint Attorney George T. Wright her
guardian with bonds fixed at J15.000.
The Question of the Jurisdiction of the
Alameda County court In the case was
the main point at Issue. Attorney W. H.
Chapman, representing "Baron" Baro
tea.u of Alameda, who has petitioned for
letters of guardianship In San Francisco,
contended that since her ladyship had
left the homo provided for her by W. B.
Greenbauxn, her former guardian in Oak
land, and had gone to San Francisco to
reside, she was under the jurisdiction of
the San Francisco courts. He therefore
argued that the citation cf the Oakland
court served upon Lady Yarde-Builer in
accordance with Greenbauni's petition
that &. guardiitn be appointed, was illegal,
mzid that asy procedure of the Alameda
County court in the case would be in
valid.
Attorney R. M. Fitzgerald, represent
ing her ladyship's sans, and W. B. Green
bttum. the petiuoner, axgued that as Lady
Yarde-Buller was an incompetent Eiie
could legally form no intention of chang
ing her residence, and was in law domi
ciled at the place provided for her in
Oakland, and hence within th© Jurisdic
tion of the court.
lie introduced the testimony of her
fcons to prove that her ladyship was not
only Incompetent but in&ane. He showed
tha.t ail her relatives resented the attempt
oi iiaroteau to gain control of her lady
ship's person and property, and that they
were agreed in wishing the appointment
of Oeoige T. Wright as her guardian.
George T. Wright to Handle
the Property of Lady
Yarde-Bulltr.
COURT APPOIHTS
A NEW GUARDIAN
Charles M. Reade and Mrs. William Allen Are the Runaways,
and the Husband Finds Them in Oakland.
©- AKLAND, Jan. H.— The treach
ery of a friend, the faithlessness
'of a young wife and the stern
pursuit of an embittered husband
w were- revealed '., to-day with "the
arrest of Charles M- Reade, a wholesale
liquor merchant' of Granfell, Northwest
Territory, who ! eloped three ¦ weeks ago
with Mrs. William Allen, wife of an in
surance man of that town, who located
the guilty couple here this morning
through" the efforts of Detectives Kyte
and Hamerton.:.
It was the old story of a confiding hus
band and the blind infatuation of an er
ring-wife, who, boldly declared her love
for the man who invaded the little home
and stole away his friend"s spouse.
"I am your wife in the sight of man,
but I am Charlie's in the sight of God."
was the runaway wife" s declaration when
her husband and the detectives confronted
her at the' rooms, corner of Tenth and
Jefferson streets, and took Reade into
custody upon an accusation of adultery
sworn to by Allen.*
"Good-by, dearest," was Read»'s" salute
as he was marched away between the po
licemen.
"I could have killed that man on the
spot," exclaimed the betrayed husband,
"but the presence of the detectives saved
him. I have traveled thousands of miles
and have spent- hundreds of dollars to
nnd this couple, for I believe this wretch
should suffer punishment. For my wife,
well, unless she will go home to her aged
parents she will have their lives on her
soul, for this has nearly killed them."
Young Allen and Mrs. Alien, then Lucy 1
McGara, the daughter, of Mr. and Mrs. P.
McGara of Reglna, Assinibola, N. W. T.*,
were married two and a half years ago.
Allen took his wife to Granlell, a few
miles west on the Canadian < Pacific Rail
road, and there built and furnished a
pretty home. A 'year ago he became ac
quainted with Reade, who was conduct
ing a prosperous business. ! Reade was
shortly introduced into the home. Allen's
business took him away from the town
and Reade became a frequent caller dur
ing the young man's absence.
A month ago Mrs. Allen started for a
holiday visit with her parents at Reglna.
At least that was'the Btory she told her
husband. Simultaneously Reade sold his
business and went to .Winnipeg, Manitoba.
A few days later ' Allen s eyes were
opened. His discoveries led him at once
to go to tne-Regina home.- From there
he went Immediately to Winnipeg. The
police authorities were notified, and it was
a matter of only a few days before the
missing wife- and Reade were traced.
They had purchased tickets for this city
and the police here were notified. Allen
came post haste. JTwo days ago the pair
were discovered, but their place of resi
dence was not uncovered until this morn
ing. They had been occupying rooms a»
"Mrt and Mrs. Reade."
Allen is 28 years of age and h!s wife is
four years younger. She is not at all pre
possessing, and according to her husbana
had only recently recovered from a severe
illness. Reade is 32 years old.
"There is not a single extenuating cir
cumstance," said Allen when heconsented
to talk about the affair. "My wife's broth
er, P. McGara Jr., who is a prominent
man of Regina, is using every effort to
induce Lucy to go back home. I do not
care what becomes of myself. All I ask of
her Is that Bhe return to her broken
hearted mother and father. I tried to
turn her mind to them, but It seems as if
.. "Were , there any other sources of rev
enu«-cnjoyed by =. Walden ?"¦¦>/. :.. •;
"Yes." was? answered. '-'He made con
siderpble money.; out of; the- waste jute.
He, introduced T me : to several
citizens of , San' Francisco," and said, that
they .wanted ; to buy. up 'the waste jute.
'Whenever they ; call i for * any waste ' - ma
terial,', said Walden,', 'weigh what youglve
them ; and , send ' the " weight to me, , but
Former Bookkeeper at San Quentin
Penitentiary Tells How the Ab
sconding Clerk- Carried On
His Thieving Work.
While the experts who are at work or.
the books and records of the San Quen
tin prison have only gone back as far as
1897 and have nothing to report other than
the Levy transaction. The Call is In a
position to Inform the public that as
early as 18S5 Walden, the. absconding
clerk, although then wearing the garb of
a convict, was, with the assistance of a
clique outside the prison walls, engaged
in a profitable scheme of robbery.- That
he was able to carry on his crooked work
without detection is proof positive that
there was a laxity of supervision in the
management of the affairs of that I State
penal Institution. Not only- were bales of
bags stolen and sold to confederates in
this city, but the waste Jute material waa
used as a source of profit to those who
were on the inside of the robbery scheme.
In 1885, the late Paul Shirley was Warden.
Joseph Ellis, who recently died, was clerk
of the Board of Prison Directors and also
confidential clerk of the Warden. . Cap
tain Charles Aull had charge of the
prison yard, but over them all, If rumor
is true, Walden was master. He secured
their confidence and as clerk in . the
Warden's office took charge of the gen
eral management of the business relating
to the Jute mill. '."¦¦.
While in the penitentiary he by modest
demeanor and attention to the clerical
duties required of him. won the confidence
of the otticers and his word was law. If
an order came for a shipment of bags the
Warden turned it over to him to attend
to. If any material was needed for the
mills he was intrusted with the business.
In this way he became thoroughly fam
iliar with the management 'of aifairs. So
great was the trust placed in him that not
a paper or document passed through tho
prison office without going through his
hands. It was through the influence oi
the officials whose confidence he was be
traying that in 1887 he waa pardoned, He
was then placed on tho payroll of the
prison at a monthly salary of $100, and at
the time of his flight was enjoying a sal
ary of JHO'a month. He waa so suave in
manner that during: succeuslve adminis
trations he was able to retain his place.
At one time an attempt was made to
have him removed, but it failed because
of the backing of the directors and prison
officials, who believed that he was hon
est and straightforward. When the ob
jection was made that the crime- which
brought him behind the penitentiary walls
showed that he. waa. a man utterly un
worthy of confidence or trust, the officials
who had been blinded by his oily ways
answered that notwithstanding the fact
he had greatly erred they believed him
sincere in his protestations of penitence
for his crin»e. . i2n joying. the conndence of
the officials above him, it was' an easy
matter for him to rob the penitentiary
and the State.
A former bookkeeper who was employed
In the jute mill- in San Quentin in li86 ex
pressed himself yesterday as being greatly
surprised that Walden should have been
able to carry on his peculations for over
fifteen years and then escape before his
crooked work was discovered.
"But, come to think of It," said he, "no
one who is acquainted with the way in
which the business of the Jute mill was
conducted when I was there need be sur
prised. I was in the jute mill for seven
years. My duties consisted of seeing that
the convicts who are assigned for work
there reported every morning. If any of
them failed to show up'I notified the
Warden's office and-the reasons for their
absence were given. One of them might
be sick, another might have been excused
to meet some visitor or friend, or another
might have been assigned by the "Warden
for some other duty. In addition to keep
ing a roll call I .had nothing else to do
but make reports to Walden. If an order
came from the Interior to the Warden for
a certain number of bags "Walden always
was directed to see that the order was
tilled. It was generally supposed that all
orders were filled from the warehouse,
but such- was not the case. The public
may be surprised that it was possible for
Walden to ship 50,000 sacks to Levy and to
receive the money for the same and not
be detected. It is not surprising to me,
however, for I had not been, in the Jute
mill more than a few months when I dis
covered that the State was being robbed."
"Will you explain how It- was possible
to steal and ship these bales without tne
robbery being detected?" - x
• "I will," said the ex-bookkeeper. ."It
waa a rule, but a rule that was not ob
served, that at the close of each day's
work the bags manufactured should be
bent to the warehouse. Sometimes they
would not be removed from the mill for
two or three days. There was always
some excuse for the delay. The convicts
whose duty It was to > remove them were
oft on some other work, or the -warehouse
clerk was away from his post. If the bags
piled up and complaint was made to Wal
den he would shrug his shoulders and say:
'We will get them out after a while.' It
was In : one way through this failure to
daily remove the bags that Walden was
able to carry on his crooked work. That
was the foundation stone of the robbery.
To understand the second step it will be
necessary for "me to tell you how the
warehouse was managed. As I said be
fore, It was believed that the bags were
dally removed from the Jutemlll, but they
were not. Then they had a peculiar sys
tem of checking In the warehouse; to say
the least of It. At the end of the year
there were always quite a number of
bales of bags left over and unsold. I These
left-over bags were the capital of Walden
and his accomplices. "With the beginning
of the year the warehouse clerk would
commence anew to number the bales as
he received them fromthe jutemlll. Had
the clerk of the warehouse been attentive
he must have necessarily: found out that
he was. not receiving the proper amount
of manufactured goods when there would
as sometimes, be a lapse of two or three
days between receipts from the Jutemlll
Walden generally managed to keep in the
Jutemlll a sufficient number of bales to
correspond with the hold-over stock from
the previous year. ¦ -
- "To better exemplify his crooked busi
ness way. I will give a supposititious case.
We will say that at the -end of the year
there were fifty bales left over. A week
later 250 bales had been manufactured and
numbered. That would leave 300 bales in
the warehouse. The clerk of the ware
house dally made report as to the num
ber of bales he had received and marked
durinsr that period. _ You now see that if
any Question was ever -made about the
stock, on hand, the new marking would
be 250 bales and fifty left over. The goods
manufactured this lapse between
shipments to the warehouse were In the
Jute mill. "Walden had there his capital
stock, for the. books in the Warden's of
fice would only show the number of. bales
the ' warehouse clerk had : received and
marked. ' When an . order came In from
one of his -confederates Walden, Instead
of going to the warehouse and having the
order filled from there; would come u> mo
and say: !We are lna hurry to getSt)!*
stuff off and- we cannot wait for the cleric
at the "warehouse.-* Throw... ten or twenty
bales on. the trucks and send them down
to the landing.'.;
"Of these goods no record can ever be
found- in the. prison books, . for .. the vary
simple reason -that .the records' are made
up from the reports of the warehouse
clerk, t He could not report goods on hand
that he did not receive. If any one ques
tioned the correctness 1 of the numben of
bales in the warehouse they would simply
find that- according to ; the books there
should be 300 bales. . They we're In the
warehouse. The fifty left over from the
year before and the 250 manufactured ac
cording to this supposititious case."
>"Dld you receive any remuneration for
your silence?";' - V : ¦•......•-.-•,..
"Well, nothing. 1 . worth talking about.
Walden gave me a few dollars for tobacco
money. It was not; any, of my business
and I , was pretty well satisfied to be left
a»5'I was.".. ./ i.v. ' >¦:" : : ; ¦•••
Commenced to Systematical
ly Rob the Statt While '
a Prisoner.
MORE EVIDENCE
AGAINST WALDEN
LIQUOR DEALER ELOPES FROM CANADA
WITH THE WIFE OF HIS BEST FRIEND
BONDS OF MANY CITY OFFICIALS ARE
DECLARED WORTHLESS BY THE AUDITOR
of tne Charter Biamed for Mistake Which
May Cost-Much Time and Trouble, v
i EDITOR WELLS has discovered a serious error In
#k the making out cf the bonds of many of the cltv and
A2l county officials, which will necessitate the renewal
! many of them before they are rendered legal A3
they stand at present the bonds are not worth the
reaper they are written on. They are made payable to the
•ity and county, whereas Ihe law requires they should be
¦edeexnable to the State,
The mistake is thought to have arisen through a misin-
terpretation of the Political Code. The charter provide*
that the bond must be executed to the city and\ county
and made payable to the State. The code is the precedent
for this provision. Every one of the bonds thus improperly
drawn will have to bey renewed to render it valid, but it
is not thousrht that this will necessitate much trouble. I
The officials whom this affects are the president of the
Board of School Directors, Mrs, Mary Kincaid: Fire Com
missioner M v H. Hecht, Fire Commissioner John Grady
and Fire Commissioner James C. McKlnstry.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtlij TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1901.
'The bill, by granting the privilege of open
ins; 8treet.« to corporations organized for pur
poses'other than the supplying of water and
light, defeats the charter provision which 're
quires the Board of Public /Works -to open and
restore the streets for all' purposes.
;.; The Mayor; recommends that the bill be
re-enacted so the inspection features may
apply only to water and light comoanles.
Mayor Phelan yesterday, returned with
out : his > approval the bill •¦ passed by the
Board *¦ of, ; Supervisors / giving certain
powers to the Board* of -Public Works
regarding the* opening and tearing up of
streets. - He says In his; veto:
Mayor Vetoes Ordinance.
William H. McManus died at 717 Folsom
Btr*et Sunday night of pneumonia after a
sickness of but^lwo days. Deceased was
a brother of the late "Gossoon" Mo-
M*nus, otherwise known as the "King of
the Potrero." He was a well-known char
acter around the Hall of Justice, having
been proprietor of a saloon in the neigh
bo: hood of the old City Hall.
' McManus was about 40 years; of age,
and is survived by a wife and one child,
£"d a brother. James McManus. an under
taker in Oakland. The remains will bo
buried from the undertaking parlors In
Oakland to-morrow. ,
* >
Potrero" Dies After a Short
Sickness.
WILLIAM H. McMANTJS
SUCCUMBS TO PlfEUMONIA
er of the I<ate "King of the
"Billy" Maxwell, former clerk of the
Fire Commissioners, and "Lou" Wohrs,
who" 1» well, known In political circles,
quarreled over the Daingerfleld-Graham
tecount in a Powell-street saloon last
nigh*, with the . result that the former
was taken to the Receiving Hospital to
have an ugly cut over his left eye dressed.
The men were engaged in a heated argu
ment .when suddenly Wohrs ¦ picked up a
bottle containing catsup -from -the lunch
counter and struck Maxwell over the.eya.
He then left the saloon and up to an
early -hour; this morning had -not .been
arrested. JUUflaamBB— ttfc»aBBMM«Hiw
"Billy" Maxwell Assaulted.
The lateit El Dorado ii reported to b« oa
Ncm» City Beach. Alaska. Thousands of
p«ople ar- hastening thera. many of whom
return broken In health. Ot what avail la
grid when health !• *ro!»? Guard your health
v.ith the bett of all medicines. Hostett«r*i
Stomach Bitters. . It will rerulata the bowels,
stir up the liver, Invigorate the kidneys and
absolutely cure Indigestion, constipation, ma
laria, chills and fever. It's a rood medldna
to keep on hand.-*e&»
Gold! Gold! Gold!
Corporal Egran happened to be in court
and recognized 6haw as a man he had
been looking for. Three of h!« alleged
victims — Henry Pragge, Baloon-keeper, 7
Ea?t street; C. A. "Benson, saloon-keeper,
717 Davis etreet, and C. Renner. 1305
Stockton 6treet— called later at the City
Prison and identified him and he was
booked on three other charges. Kgan
rays there are others.
11
W EXQUISITE SOUPS J
jgy c«n be made from ordinary "stock* jjB|
IP COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Beef IflTHE SAN FRANCISCO OAJIL, TUESDAY, JANITAEY- 22, 1901.
12
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED FEMALE.
GERMAN woman wants situation to take care
->of an elderly lady and assist housework. ,: 728
Washington st. first floor. ________!j
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $6
, week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. - -.. r ' ¦ .¦
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.'
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .' 1096
Valencia st ', ¦ V ¦•¦-¦¦ .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLO YB1ENT WASTED !W ' AIL - E! -
A— COMPETENT German and wife desire sit-
uations; understand all kinds of ranch work;
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
YOUNG man of good habits wants work; a
few years' experience in stove work and
plumbing and tinning; tools. E. A. N.. 277
Minna st. . > • ¦ '
BOY wants work in office; speaks Spanish and
English; quick and neat 706 Larkln et. .
ENGINEER wants situation to run gasoline en-
' sine. Box 1303. Call. r
STOUT youngTrnanTwishes work of any kind..
Address NORMAN McCLEOD, 1043 Market st.
UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer wants posi-
tion In a hotel; references for first-class work;
small wages. S. JENSEN. 911 Bush St. t
POSITION desired by man who has Eastern
and Western experience an waiter In first-class
restaurant business. Box 1302. Call. '.- . .
AN experienced hotel and restaurant man: reli-
able and steady; first-class cook or steward;
references of Australia and America; open for
situation. Box 1301. Call. ' ¦'
SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants posi-
tion as dishwasher or kitchen hand In small
hotel or restaurant Address box 1299, Call.
FIRST-CLASS all-round blacksmith and horae-
6hoer wants employment Address Ilia How-
ard st. \ . ¦ . ¦ . . ¦. " ; -
CARPENTER and Joiner: formerly foreman:
wide experience In woodwork, wants steady
work with some company*; knowledge of ma-
chinery; wages reasonable; good references.
Box 1228. Call office. • .
GOOD educated young German seeks position
of. any kind; speaks and writes English' flu-
ently. Box 1394. Call office. .
COACHMAN wants Bltuation: Is first-class
gardener and driver: sober, reliable; best ref-
erences. Box 1383. Call offloa. _¦
COOK— Situation wanted by a flrst-class cook
In private family or private boarding house;
city or out; references from last place. Box
• 13&6. Call office. - ¦
RELIABLE industrious gardener wants posi-
tion aa. coachman; can milk: general work;
private : place; references; city or country.
Box 1252. Call office. ' /
GENTLEMAN; 28 years; speaks German, Eng-
lish, Frenoh; wishes position as cashier or
chief clerk; references given. Box 1249. Call.
CARPENTER, cabinet maker.- w\de experience
In woodworking, young man. wants a situa-
tion of any kind; city or country. Address
724 Mission st^
MARRIED man wants work of some kind at
living wasros;-good engineer or driver. Ad-
dress H. II. B.. 2S0S Laguna St. _¦
A COQK wishes a situation in hotel, boarding-
houw or restaurant; city or country. 62 Sec-
ond it. room 14. _^
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class German
gardener; good propagator and can take care
of horses. . Address Gardener, box 1288, Call.
SITUATION wanted as coachman by a first-
class man: best of references. Address box
2C76. Call office, Oakland. ¦
PAINTER and paperhanger wants work; has
complete outfit tools and scaffolding. MERI-
OAN. ISC* Webster st - ¦ " ' • ' ¦
WANTED— Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er In gen. mdse. store In country by reliable
American.' single; SO yrs. age; 12 yrs. expert-
ence; good refa. Address L. F.. box 1223. Call.
JAPANESE young, honest boy who understands
English wants a situation as a schoolboy In
city. Box 1297. Call. .
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUraore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • .. ¦ ¦¦> ¦
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT lower flat; 6 rooms and bath: mod-
ern; 1701 Oak St., opposite Park Panhandle.
Apply G- H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgom-
ery St. -.--' j ¦
TO let— New flata on Buchanan st, between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; 8 and 6
rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
14 Montgomery st ¦
FLAT. 3 large room»; water free. 525 Linden
. ave.; key at 624 Fell st. ... . .
NEW flat, 4 large Bunny rooms; water free. 22
Sumner st, off Howard,' near Eighth.
IF you want to move »jet printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat; 8 rooms, bath; good order. 1128
Howard st, near Seventh.
SACRAMENTO. 1365— Two bay-window flats of
three *-ooms ; gas ; rent $7 and $12 50.
$10— COTTAGE of 8 sunny roome. 134 Rose
ave., 1V& blocks from Market, between Gough
and Octavla. -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
FOR sale . or exchange for San J Franctsoo or
Oakland property— 20 acres near Appleg&t*.
Placer County: highly Improved and In per-
fect condition; entirely fenced; complete Irri-
gation system:, new modern villa, -6 rooms
and bath; barn, horses, cows. Implements,
etc.; must be sold at once on account of
death of owner and Impossibility of properly
caring for property. HERON A HOLCOMB,
1C60 Broadway. Oakland.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
INSTALLMENT plan or cash; furnished- flat;
rent $30; everything: new and ¦ elegant; • 7
- rooms and bath. I Inquire room 128, 1236 Mar-
ket St., 9 to 10 a. m. or 12 to- 1:30 p. m.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $43 40. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of « rooms, ' partly rented: rent
$H month. . 94 Zoe st. comer Brannan. •
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
fete, see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY : buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1139 Market st; tel. Jessie 761. .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel.Red 1354.
HELP WANTED-— FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child, country.' $15; 10 cham-
. bermalds and • waitresses, city and country.
$20 and $25; second . girl, sleep home, $15;
nurse, Oakland $20: nurseglrl, country, $13;
nurse, one child, city, $20; housework, Berke-
ley, $25: housework, Alameda, $25; housework,
city, $30. 2 In famlly. MISS r CULLEN, ? S25
Butter st. . , ¦ . .
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S.... Phone Grant 1S6
....: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 head v/aitrtsve-s. : $25 co $50; 10 waitresses,
commercial hotels, country; - 10 ¦ ' waitresses,
city. $20. $25; 6 waitresses, south. $20, fare
paid; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20; 4 cham-
bermaids, city: cooks.':
...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Hotiseglrls, cooks, second - girls, ¦ city and
country. C.' IV; HANSEN. & CO., 104 Geary.
A— WANTED— Middle-aged woman to assist In
dining-room • In -. an ' Institution, no experience
.required, salary $25 per month, with board,
room and laundry; chambermaid." no waiting,
v hotel, city, $20. W. D. BWER& CO., fid
Clay st. - ' ¦ :/- •
A— MRS.M. E. DAY * CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .. .-.
Waitress, : commercial , hotel, $22 60, free fare;
6 waitresses, city hotels, $20; waitress," small
I restaurant, $20 and > found; 3 chambermaids
,to wait.. $20. ¦ /•,,/¦-,..-- !.-.¦.:-.-,
! .:.... ...„:..... also ........:.....;
3 first-class housegirls. $20 and $25. MR& M.
E.-DAY& CO.". 335 Geary st . •* ' - ,
YOUNG ; woman ¦ as Shorthand '¦ checker," prln-'
. cipally •• evening •• work, 10 k hours a day, $20
month and board. '- MRS. M.' E. DAY & CO.,
.<S35,.Geary '(St.-,-; ¦-;:.¦ -¦¦-¦'''•¦¦'¦¦' -''-i ' ; : '-w,
A— HOTEL GAZETTE,": 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
. ¦ Head waitresses,' $30: chambermaids^ city un>l
: country; latinc'riss, ?20. , «,
COMPETENT girl to do general housework and
t cooking • In? small famlly ; • good .wages. . 1104 A
Devlsadcro st. ; ; ' .- : • '
GIRL f6r. general housework; no cooking.* Ap-
. ply 9 to 11.' 2643, Bryant »t;y '.: > • •'.¦•'
'ARTIST wanted;, young ,1 woman competent "In"
¦washes;: bring- samples.'. MARIE ':. LOUISE
. RIMES, 501-502 "Emma Spreckels bldg. ,
BUSINESS CHANCE* — CONTINUED.
1 PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a good. Bafe.
eolld and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party: duties will
be the keeping of accounts and assisting
generally in the management of the business;
capital required $5000 to $10,000; full value in
sight; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY _ CO., 632
Market Bt - ¦
$lfi0— CIGAR stand; good corner; bargain. Mc-
LAUGHLJN A CO.. 777*4 Market st
$450— LAUNDRY route, with good horse and
wagon. McLAUCfHLIN & CO.. 777*4 Market
$1100— Butcher shop; country town; business
$1200 mo. Mclaughlin & co., 777*4 Market.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
etore and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business: special Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK A CO.. 6C7 Market st
GOOD paying restaurant on Kearny st for
I rale- or exchange for lodging house. A. L.
WILLEY. 916 Market st, room IS.
I 1600— PARTNER wanted; first-class saloon: fine
I location: receipts $000 to $1500 month. Box
12S6. Call office.
A PARTNER In a first-class butcher business
In a thriving city on this coast; practical man
preferred; capital required $1500 to J2000. Box
US4. Call office'.
A A— $400: grand opportunity for lady or gent:
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 23d ave. station. E. Oakland.
PRACTICAL poultry man wants active or; si-
lent partner, lady or gentleman, with $400 to
start poultry ranch. Box 12C7. Call offioe.
ROUTE on, Chronicle. ES7A Natoma Bt
A • WELL established, email jewelery store at
a reasonable price. Call at 106 Eleventh st
OUTSIDE route for sale oa this paper. Apply
Call office. •_
K5D— RESTAURANT for sale. Box 1176, Call
office.
$30 WINS $300 per month it races: references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
FubEcriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia st. , _^^^^^^
LODGI.NG-HOIISES FOR SALE.
SC-ROOM houte; clears $100: Pine Bt $S50
16 rooms; north of Market st 750
EO-room boarding-house; clears $300 C00O
10-room flat: downtown 500
14 rooms; on Mission et £00
50 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
15 rooms; on Third st 600
46 rooms; fine corner: clears $200 SI0O
24 rooms: on Geary St.; clears $150 1900
?8 rooms; on Kearny st; clears $110 1600
S3 rooms; on Market Et 1400
12 rooms; clears $75 450
£00 other*— Prices from $100 to $25,000.
MOXET TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
. MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market: tel. Black 1S03: near Call building.
6-room fiats. $500. S250. 1225. JSOO and.... t»00
10 rooms, income $70, rent $40 3"0
12 toif, Income $SS, death of owner, bargain.
14 rooms, clean, sunny, clears $39 month. 700
16 rooms, nice, *4 cash, clears $C8 month. 1000
15 rooms, rent $30. clears $51 75 per month SM
20 rooms, central, clean, coins money 1200
24 rooms, near Market st., clears $130 1800
25 rooms, nice Sutter-st. residence. If you I
want the best see this elegant house. '•
SS rooms, rent $44. 30 steady roomers 700
40 rooms, fine house, eleg't fur., rent $150 45'"O
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; can
suit all buyers; employ 5 person* who are
daily adding new houses to list; title given
with each house sold; money loaned buyers:
no fake prices; value given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. 917 Market st. tel. Mint 1911.
60.ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
S7 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
£0 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.: extra.. 950
IS rooms; Leavenworth: rent $37 BO 900
10 rooms; $450; 10 rooms, quick 850
10 rooms; detached; handsome yard, -with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only J*"-", month; clears $100 month; special
snap. FISHER & CO. 1002 Market st
WINSTON A WOLF. 1026 Market St.
Telephone Mint 1591
47 rooms; Al location: part cash $3700
60 rooms; north of Market 2700
2fi rooms; eunny corner 2100
11 rooms; worth $2500; reduced to 1300
20 rooms; corner (new); rent $C5.._ 1300
10 ROOMS, newly furnished; payments.... $950
€5 rooms; clears -$300; will loan half 6500
10 rooms; very cheap; only $250 cash 500
$50,000 to loan at 1>A t>er cent; tel. Main 128.
DAVIS A RIVES. 91« Market St.
ANDREW PRICE & CO., SO Kearny Bt, room
6. Big bargains; list In office; money loaned;
clear title: houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. SO Kearny Bt, rm. 6.
CALL and see our list of bargains in houses:
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 23
Slxtli st
$T00n— C6 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent BASILE, S Eddy Bt.
NEWLY furnished house of 10 rooms for sale
at a sacrifice on account of sickness. 637
Howard st : rood location.
FOR Sale— New, modern S-room flat, nicely fur-
nished; rent very cheap. Call 732 EJHs Bt,
between 1 and 6 p. m. ; no agents.
13-ROOM house; always full; i?ood location;
' every room light and sunny. 604 Third Bt
WILL pay cash for good paying lodging-house
or hotel. Address box 1012. Call office.
GREAT sacrifice; 18 rooms; must sell. 1S3
Hyde Bt
SPIH1TUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
Eults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty: clrs. Sun., Wed., Frl. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
CIS Eddy st, bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. HARLANDS test circle, 3 p. m.; written
questions answered; 10c; sltt. We. $L 143 6th.
W. G. KEEGAX'S spiritual meeting; every
night except Sat., 10c. 148 Sixth, 2d floor.
MRS. EVANS removed from 108 to 120 Sixth;
circles to-day. 2 & 8, 10c; also to-morrow eve.
MME. YOUNG, convincing- test circle to-nlgtot
605 McAllister st; 10c; come, skeptics.
C.'V. MILLER'S trumpet materializing Beance,
8 p. m., COc. 10S4 Bush. nr. Leavenworth.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
EARLE, 205 Taylor St., .corner ElUs— Sittings
daily; seanoe Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. , MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146. Eddy et.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally; circle every
eve.. 10c. txcept Wed.; dei-el. circle. 222 Turk.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112*4 Oak. trance medium;
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 627.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 325 McAlliEter— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, tranoe. bus. medium.
llf» reader, med. rl«<^-»vant. 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS. "^T-'Vv
MME. M. BERNARD, ~"~ ~ ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
Is permanently located at 17 Third st, next
Examiner building. She reads your Ufa cor-
rectly, gives tin accurate description . of the
past reveals tbe present happenings and por-
trays events to occur In the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied tn life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice in all affairs of life.
Full life reading by n.all; write for Informa-
tion; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket at. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
. and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MADAM LOUISA, clairvoyant, palmist and
card reader; circles Monday. Wednesday and
Thursday; mall orders. 609 Shotwell i st,
near Nineteenth.' • .'.l .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c
i Rents $1; palm, and clalr. fit $1 SO. 126 Turk.
1 1SMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
| ralmlst. permanently located 1148 Market" op.
: Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m.' to 5 p. m.
i MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant card reader: best
i advice, S5c up. - 472 Stevenson st, cor. Sixth.
. MRS. Melvlll.' well-known clairvoyant. wat>r
i reader. 11,6th ;German spoken; tel. Howard 1S46.
, MME.. FABBIER— Readings with cards and tea
¦ leaves; business advice. 1504 Market, r. 31-32.
! MME. HANSON/ palmistry, card reader; past
I present future: 25c. 148 Sixth st. room 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
I Ut and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh at.
i MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
hand's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
; MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmlrtry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
' MRS. E. M.«DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
i medium. 215 Kearny et. rooms 8-10. ' .•
j MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
fittings dally. 448H Jessie St. r
I MME. RAVENNA reaulst life fluently; business
1 advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth ¦t,
CLAIR VO YJUVTS. ; .
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience: her knowledge of »tn«
unseen forces Is Invaluable to professional and
business men. to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market st. corner Mason, room 28. *
BORROW on diamonds: secrecy; private en-
trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS. .
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folaom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
TOP buggy, piano box, nearly new. at a »ar-
gain, 632 Market st, room 6. ¦ . .
FOR sale— Spring wagon, horse and harness.
1S77 Mission Bt '
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et; tel. Jess*? 944.
J. E MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlnu Co..- 240 Fourteenth 6t. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GKO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, lnirrown nails, warts, ..chll-
blalns: nnlnlfsy cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE wTkELLY'S Asrency^No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-FIFTH, SSS3— Cottage of 8 rooms;
' large yard; rent $8. .-•".. . ¦
$14— SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath: water
free. 637 Dolores st, below Twentieth.'
~ ¦ DENTISTS.
A^T^he 'eLECTRO-DENtXl CLINIC. Vo9 Ma£
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you. can
have your 'extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. 6e« our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings. 60c; plates,
JS, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prlies for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful .secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. CO O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates • are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extraotlng, SOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, SOc. .
i DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S., 1206 Market st— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and brldgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 225 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. 14; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c
VAN VROOM— "Palnleus" ; evenings and' Sun-
days, livl Market at. corner Sixth.
EET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk Ft ____________
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
w»>ft^> -.--. — ;^>^,
EVENING SCHOOL, S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE 1236 Market st; Individual lnstructlou
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL etrdents bul two taking full course thd
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123b Market st. ¦; ¦
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market et— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured,' for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bidg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorlal phrasing; taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, J4.Post *t..
g. F.— rBookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col- |
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has poM-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
pcsltlons to all Its graduates. 806 Larkln st
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman eye-
tern; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny Bt. r. 53.
A SPECL\LTY — Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping- figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MIES M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy:
MONET advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from fl to $1000, at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher. 100S Mission st.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof .DeFlllppe" sAca4emy
of languages, 320 Post;estab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
MUNSQN. School Shorthand. Typing Bookkep-
ing, Epanlsh. 127 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON' 6 DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,.
l<i pagpn. In wrann»r. for mailing. $1 Tver year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.; est
1870; practical recommend: try them; itemoved
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post Bt; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese, employment office;
best help. S26 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; Main 5188.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nete help. 425 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 41116 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A— COMPETENT cook desires situation, hotel
or board'ng- house; good references. MISS
CULLEN. S23 butter 6t. . '
A YOUNG Austrian girl Just from Europe
wants work;- understands all kinds of house-
work. Address 819A Vallejo st, city. /
A WOMAN wants work by the ' day to do
washing. Call evening. 235 Twenty-ninth.
A WOMAN with a child would like to assist
with light work In exchange for good home;
city or country. 603 Clay st. Salvation Army.
WANTED— A position In a refined family to
• care for children. Address C. -WOOLS. 432
• Seventh ave. ,-/¦ »¦ ' - . .-- --_¦ .'• ',
A YOUNG Scandinavian girl -would like to as-
•Rlst In light housework. 220 Sixth ftve.,
Richmond district. /¦..•.'
A COMPETENT German : woman " wishes work
by the day washing. Ironing and cleaning; no
postals; Western Addition only. Address 1123
Broadway st. . .-"'¦ *<. ¦. ¦'..:-.* '.S .
GERMAN -woman wants position as housekeeper
In •.small - famlly. MRS. ; BROWN, Interna-
tional Hotel. : • : - >•-..-.- ..-'¦! .v:-;' : ..{ i: - , V
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
or will do -general housework; i city or coun-
try. -Call or address ¦ "Help," ' 2219>/4. Geary
st, basement floor.- ,i* :¦, ¦ , .'-. \. ' '.V'l
FIRST-CL.AKS ' laundress by. the day In private
families. Box . 1499. Call office. - ' ..-
RKSI'ECTABLE girl wants position = to ' care .,
for child and upstairs 1 work. Call at land-
lady's. 33>Flfth et . - , :
WOMAN wishes to go out by the ; day, wash-
tng and - housecleanlng. ¦>. Address A., • Call
branch office,- 639 .McAllister st ' :
DRKSSMAKER; good cutter and fitter; suits ',
remodeled: quicks worker. . Address . -4441
st, near ¦ Eureka.. . >_ ;¦¦.-'-.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants a Bltuation; to .do
second work; wages $15. ..Call. at 3907 Twen- '
ty-f ourth st ,-. near, HTinrhrT*1QiyTOMMpBM(l|s|BBfc
A NEAT ' girt lately from ; Hungary' wishes a'
.Bltuation as general -worker.' 1309 Stockton. ;
r> -V>. HELP .-: WANTED— FEMALE.
•AN experienced female canvasser desired for
popular California weekly giving fine art
, premiums. .Address fully as to age, experience
and references. W. H. J.. box 1500. Call office.
B £- a 2* rma ** Klrl, general housework; wages
S2j. Please call at 1810 Broderlck at. rear.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats. 14
Harriet st ¦ -~ - 1 .
GERMAN girl for general housework/'lZtt Ma-
sonic ave.. near Halght st ,
W , A ,^,T E , I> ~ GIrl to a"!" «n light housework.
1410*4 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS second trimmers and makers
for millinery; must be good saleslady; posl-
tlon. the year round; good wages. • 130 Sixth.
APPRENTICES and finishers on coats. M7
Russ st -
PROTESTANT girl to assist In general house-
BirCole™ 411 famlly ' Cal1 befortJ x P- m - at
GIRL to do light houseworic: sleep home;
wages »10. 1COSH Valencia st.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping; small
wages; 3- room flat. Box 12S0. Call office.
WANTED — An experienced waitress In* restau-
rant 113 Turk st.
WANTED-Glrl for light housework. 112814
Turk st. •
FIRST-class hairdresser and manicurist Ap-
ply 230 Post st. ;
GIRL wanted for general housework; wages
,$20. 1279 OTarrell st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper; must furnish
references. 231 . Powell st
COMPETENT girl; general housework; small
famlly; $20. , 2515 Broadway, near Scott st
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Btrauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32ft Fremont
. St. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED girl who can sew and make
up blank books; steady work; $».week. Blnd-
ery. Oakland Enquirer. 416 Tenth st. Oakl'd.
YOUNG girl for small family; plain cooking and
housework. Cull 9 to 12 a. m. at 1810 Laguna.
APPRENTICE wanted for corset making. 247
Geary st. ; call after 9 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS talloress and apprentices on cus-
tom coats; steady work. 186 Shipley, off 6th.
A LADY free from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressing at once. Box
. 1261. Call office.
WANTED— German woman; good plain cook:
from 6 a. m. to 2 p. m. 7 Hardle place, off
Kearny, bet. Sutter and Bush. ' -
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and' overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAELS. 531 Mission.
LADT solicitors and agents for city and coun-
try; good commission- and salary. Monday
10 to 5. room 1«. 418 Sutter st. .
WANTED— A woman for light housework:
good home and fair pay for right party. Call
after 2 p. m., 116 Taylor st
WANTED— Elderly lady to take care of woman
patient; state terms. Box 1277. Call office.
GIRLS wanted. Boolcblndery. 638 Clay st.
WANTED— Button sewers at LEVI STRAUSS
& CO.'S, 36V4 Fremont st. -
BORROW on \ pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
LADIES wishing to marry good men call or
write MRS. HERTZ, '.06 Ellis st; no charges.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reoelved at Call branch office. 2200 Fl.'lmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subflcriptlons has been established at 109f
Valencia st.
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY A READY Phone Main 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Carpenter for an institution $52 and found
tankmaker, city, steady Job $2 SO day
bugler. U. S. Navy $25 and found
machinist, city shop JS to S3 25 day
blacksmith, floor man $2 to $3 day
gardener. $28 and found.... plow teamsters, $30
dairy men, choremen and boys; man and
wife for ranch, see boss here: laborer for
ranch $28 and found
10 men to out 4 ft.» redwood and pine, make
pickets, posts aad shingle bolts, tools and
provisions furnished: 5 Italian woodchoppers.
MURRAY - READY. 624-136 Clay st.
A— ARM waiter, Nevada .:.... S40. fare paid
butcher, see boss here $30 and found
milk wagon driver $35 and found
chef cook, mine boarding-house. $50 and found
baker's helper, $23 and found: 6 cooks; wait-
ers, city and country
MURRAY A READY 834-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
Cook and dishwasher, country hotel, $50 and
$20. half fare paid: 2 second cooks, hotel,
south. $50 and $40, fares advanced: 3 wait«rs,
$25 to $35; porter, country hotel, $30: house-
man, hotel, $25: upstairs porter, hotel, $25.
Japanese bedmaker, country hotel, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 1M Geary st
A— "WANTED -
Farmer and wife, Sonoma Co., $30 to $35, see
boes here; Jobbing carpenter, steady Job. $2 75
a day: 2 Portuguese milkers. $25 and $27 60.
W. P. gWER A CO.. 610 Clay st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Man and wife cooks, country. $65.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk: tel. Folsom 1583..- I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS* Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Buyer and manager for house fur-
nishing department; must be thoroughly ex-
perienced with stoves, tin and agate ware.
. Apply at Superintendent's office. Emporium.
WANTED — A first-class wagon blacksmith.
AUGUST VETTER. 927 Brannan St.. nr. Sth.
WANTED— A good German waiter. 616 Clay
street.
BARBERS— Good shop In country; good town,
near the - city. with - household furniture.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
BARBERS— Wanted, a 3-chalr work stand;
state price. Box 1400. Call office.
AMBITIOUS boy wanted to assist In office
¦ work and make out bills; must be correct In
figures and be a good penman; references re-
qulred. Call at 224 Battery st. . -. .
GOOD barber: steady Job. 725 Fourth St.. San
Rafael: tel. Red 15. ; ¦ ' .
A— MAN to run shaper, bandsaw and lathe; 1
plasterer's helper; 1 engineer for planing
mill: non-union; no office fees. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st. -. ' .
A COATMAKER wanted for sitting room. 411V4
Kearny st.;. first floor.
BOY9 wanted: apply at 108 Battery st, from
9 to 11 a. m. SELIO BROS.
ERRAND boy for drug store; give age and
residence. • Box 1395, Call office.
YOUNG butcher: German -preferred ; reference
required; call early. .2599 Market st
BOT or young man as waiter; $12 and found.
1224 Point Lobos ave. ; Geary-st cars.
SHOEMAKER on repairing: steady work. 562
' Mission- St.. 'between First and Second. .
ELEVATOR boy wanted. The Leepalmer, Ma-
son and O'Farrell stB. ."
BIG Inducement for young man to solicit for
merchant tailor. 1215 Market bet. Sth A ath.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1522 Kentucky it.
TAILORS for sitting room; every con-
venience. 4114 Kcarny st, top floor.
WANTED— Boy to . eet type. Apply at 831
Commercial at. > • •
WANTED — A- man who . understands nursery
work and Jobbing gardening. Call 600 Halght.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
' 8. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 ElUs
St.. : Ban' Francisco.' Cal. .-¦
MEN OR WOMEN...
.'....¦„¦. Pa Id Big Commissions. .;;...;...-.-..¦
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st. ; ; :
THE Pasture Stock Food Co., 324 Times bulld-
lng, Chicago, offer $15. per week and 10 per
cent on all sales for a man with . horse and
¦ ¦ buggy .1 to sell Pasture Stock Food. ¦-.. • - ¦. '
MEN'wanted to : learn barber. trade; only eight
; weeks required ; position : guaranteed : ¦¦ special
vT Inducements; - catalogue •< free. " MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay,st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
, that : Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs • Denver - House, 217 Third at. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. -.
BARBERS, ' attention— First-class- barber shop:
- choice location ; ¦ Market st. ; 6 chairs : I newly
-fitted up; good trade; no agts. _ Box 1240,. Call."
BRIGHT men", of good address ;. money .ad-
vanced ; to right i party. Call > between ¦ 8 and
,9 a." m.' at '•302,' Post; st ; ; , . .
CIGARMAKERS. 328 , Bush st. third floor.
\ room 4. • '¦ V .'¦'.,-¦¦¦ ¦¦": ¦._-•- .¦
BARBER set for sale. . cheap, . at Railroad : and
; Thirty-second aves.. South Pan Francisco.-.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. . 10c, 15c and
¦-. '. 20c: ¦«- Boston -House, 930- Howard st . ' ;"
.WINCHESTER House. -44 Third st.. near Mar-
keti'700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
,'busand baggage to and : from , ferry.
SIONEV TO LOAN.
. HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
eat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st; tel. Main 1641. Branch 13 Third st
A— JoCO.000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erala. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no reraovaf no commission; conflden-
¦ tlai Room 3. Conservatory bid?.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable places to> borrow on diamond*,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; raon»y
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 3S.
J100.CCO TO loan on diamonds, watches, sliver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
I Grant ave.
MONEY loaned salaried people wlthiut security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$lfO,000 TO loan cn real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sar.sorae. rm. 2.
LOANS. 1st cr 2d mtga; citv. country. «¦*,. undi-
vided Ints.: estates. HARPER. 3r>7 Parrntt b!<.
AUST1N"S Salary Loan Cc 4 366 Parrott butii-
lns; men can secure leans on personal not*.*.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan.
_THE TOITSLEY CO.. 221 Parrott bids.
MONEY ti< loan on furniture by private party;
low rete. 917 Market st- room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried p*«ple on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner buiMlnx.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discoant Agency. 143 Phelan Mg.
MOXEY AVA.VTED.
WANTED— To borrow. K00O f;r 5 years at T
per cent; first-class mortgage security. AI-..
drens J. M. JOHNSON. 59 Third St.; phone
Red 31.
1XSTKUME5TS.
CHICKERING W
Great Union 90
Halnes Bros i*v»
Hallett A Davis ITS
Sherwood 4: Sen iso
Kramer Bros ., !..I.IV.*J!*" *"*" ISi)
Benrlder .;;,-,„.;, ni>
Arlon is>o
Schledemeyer jso
Sterling ' 53.;
Curtai 241)
Standard 283
Conover y>o
Easy payments If denired. It wl'.l pay you
to see BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, 18 O'Farrell
st. dickering Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ar-
commodated at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a n»w Stslnway any t!m<»
within three years from date of pur«-.ias<».
Beautiful new uprights sold lor S3 cash and
1 tc per month. We offer to sell some cro<l
pianos for 13. $4 find $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land^
AN opportunity of a lifetime. Will sell the
following pianos: Guild $37 !A
Novella upright R7 0O
Weber 125 00
2 Helnes ......J30 and 430 00
Hallet-Davis 43* >0
JO new pianos at $152. HEINE PIANO CO..
tn Geary st. ajrents Hallet-Davis, oldest and
most famous pianos In existence. Our new
rent contract you have privilege to return
piano If not satisfied.
THE Zeno Mauvals Muslo Co.. 789 Market st.
are offering the best bargains In pianos that
are to be found In this city. They offer fine
Pecker & Son. Packard. Baumelster. Straube.
Gllmore or Arlington, at lowest price* and
allow you to pay In small Installments tf y«u
prefer. Any piano sold will be taken la ex-
change for a Decker at any time. Second-
hand Instruments at special bargains always
on. hand.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larr-st hou>«»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. IS.
28 and JO O'Farrell st ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th-»
customer.
AN elegant stock of new uprights; also a few
. fine second-hand, from ISO up. Call on us
• before buying and save money. J. DEWINO
CO., 12 Flood building.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Stock. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 31* Post
LEFT cn sale. S2S3. Hallet & Davis, upright:
cost X37.". Room 33. 217 Geary St.
FOR sale or rent— A fine upright piano; terms
moderate. 853 Mission st.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice uprtffht ptann.
ECHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand uDrtght cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. Z18 McAllister *t.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright: sacrlfle*: leaving
city; standard make. »24 Golden Gate ave.
A CLEARING out sate of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer A Co.. Bvron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spetlman pianos. SOS Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions: see our
leader, only >150. BRUENN. 208 Post st
S-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain: owner
leaving city. 2£3 Mission St.
AT KEEFFE*S. 933 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos. S3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st
SUPERIOR vloltns, cithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S. news for 5c— The Weekly Call. 1«
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NEW store. 4 rooms, bath, yard; splendid lo-
cation for grocery or butcher, pork, produce,
delicacy business. Apply 230 Crescent ave.
on*
OCCIDENT AX. Exploration Ox buys, develops,
exploits and sells oil lands; has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital tn
proved fields; communications confidential. F.
H. Hausman. Sec. Sth floor, r. 32. Mills bldg.
INCORPORATORS — Mining and oil companies
I Incorporated and books opened for same; cor-
poration books experts : highest references
given. W. C. STADTFELD. r. 57. Nevada blk.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ.-SSO Pine street.
; MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
RELIABLE man will locate oil land In Texas.
.Address "Oil Land." box 1238. Call office.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 24 — i% — 27. Kern River
Oil District: a grand chance for a company if
taken Immediately. J. S. EWEN. 123 Cali-
fornia St., room 407. San Francisco, Cal.
KERN River: proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen A Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. U
up. Jensen A Bath. 308 Sixth st. : open evening*.
MRS. BALDWIN, late of the Chlrotoglcal Col-
lege of Los Angeles, has opened a school tn
this city; scientific palmistry taught; read-
ings; hours 10-12 and 1-5. 309 Powell st
Arrived— Prof. A. Myers, the celebrated Euro-
pean occultist and palmist; consultation SI.
142S Mission, nr. 11th: 10 to l_n. 3 to & p. m.
H. JEROME FOSSELU, scientific palmist, 5tt'
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black Ml.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
CEO! P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
siding tn and near Vancouver. British Co-
lumbia, during tha years 1S91 to 1S35. and
afterward tn California, and was last heard
of tn Sonora, Calaveras County, In California,
about June; 1896. will apply to the under-
signed he will hear at something to his ad-
vantage. WELLS A HIND, solicitors, Not-
tlngham. Eng.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer, has returned
and v will b« glad to see old patients; heal
troubles; weak eyes. 843 McAllister st.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
SS OR tSCOO to loan on diamonds, sealskins, sil-
verware, all valuables. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. ¦ '
PRIVATE detective work; skillful lnvestlga-
tor; tow rates. Box 1398. Call office.
THE WILLOW BARK CO. wtll pay $100 to
any one treated by then* and not cured of
.ABSINTHE. Liquor. Opium. Morphine; pri-
vate or at sanitarium, lsii Polk st. San
Francisco.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— »J 80 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms?
' *5« to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per WeVw'
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry' .
¦ 4.. to, p. n,; UL Brown „, • &%££ ** .
: . HELP : WANTED— MALE.
! GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
, to 80c. K2 Mission st.. bet 1st and td sts.
BARBER shop for sale; complete with fixtures.
501 Castro st, cor. Eighteenth; sacrifice.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
- price. E62 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st.
S. F. Barber. School. • .... •-
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart
ANY amount to loan on your diamonds; low
Interest UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOas
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 23)0 Flllmore st.
~ HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY^case~of~PlIe3. Piles. Piles, Piles; over 200
permanent cures amons business men of San
Frajicljco alone: men who can b« Interviewed;
no 'surgery, salves or ointments: no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
t*»r particulars add. PhyMclan. box 19'>n. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc-—For Sal*
V) HORSES for sale; also wagons, buegtes.
cart?, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE, rentle horse, together with surrev and
harness In good order, for sale cheap. STAN-
LY MAYALL. O126 Kearny St.. 8. F.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st
FOR sale— 4 fresh cows, with calves If desired.
J. F. PERLE. Angel Inland. .
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clT'
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery-
GROVE, $25— House of 9 sunny rooms; modern
Improvements. Apply 823 Grove St.
1 SUNNY corner; $ room* and bath. yard, etc.;
rtnt reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st and
San Jose ave., bet Valencia and Guerrero.
6 ROOMS, bath: 1013 Greenwich, near Buchan-
an; $20. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market
« ROOMS, bath and basement; 14 Reed st:
rent SIS. Apply at 132S Washington st
$12— REAR sunny house, 5 rooms. 2310 Califor-
nia st; apply middle flat. ¦
£i HOUSE CLEANING. '
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1S30;
removed to 419 Devleadero St., tel. Fell 136.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND; teaches hypnotism * mag-
netlc healing for >5; five lessons. 997 Market.
LOST AXD FOUND. \
FOUND— Fox terrier bitch. Apply 518 Preclta
avenue^
ANY old thing: also diamonds, sealskins: money
on them: privat* entrance; perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolle,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109(
Valencia mt.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 79J.
made to order, renovated: honest -work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; fine up-
holstery: expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 319 and 320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1013 Market,
opp.- Eth: world-renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reliable; practiced In Ban Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on htm.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 837 Market «t. cor. Sixth—
Bafe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
_>¦ positive cure guaranteed: when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DBS. GOODWIN. 1007*4 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15- years' practice in 3. F.. a
cure guaranteed: |5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases: unexcelled success: ae* free.
MR3. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
- office fS: any ailment; home for patients; con-
suit free. 942 Pest at., bet Hyde and I— irkln.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists: 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed: ladles treated can return same
day. HINDOO HERB home cure: stamps, dr.
'DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. • LA TOUR, ladies'
specialists; new process; sure cure: no medi-
cine ;every woman her own phy»lclan,323gearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' «pe-
cialist: eafe and sure cure. 15: best care; low
fees: when all others fall consult free.
MPS. DR. GWYER, ladles' specialist; home
for patlenta. B04 Eddy at. "
DR. NG TOT KEE cures disease by herb*:
wrtvicg fre». 704 Pa<raTn<»ntn nt.. near K»»rnr.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS., engines, 2d-hand machinery- Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In J4 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021, 10» Mission «t.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for S3 down and
S3 per month: writs for catalosruo and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A GRAND concert size, pearl inlaid rosewood
Bauer guitar for $22: original cost 140.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave..
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
FOR SALE— 3342 Seventeenth st.. a handsome
walnut sideboard; cost $330; will sell at a
bargain. Call between 12 and S p. m.
ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgomery st. sell
at low figures all makes of second-hand
typewriters.
GASOLINE engines, new ft 2d" hand; all sizes;
cheap; guaranteed. • NEWELL. 58 Btuxome.
STOCKTON brooder. $1 75; trio bantams, Jl 75.
124 Eureka St."
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st
NINE -weeks' old cocker pups; black and red;
champion stock. ROBINSON. 1S23 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. CO.
ONE 2>4 h. p. Hercules: 1 4 h. p. Hicks gaso-
line engine; good order; bargain. 634 Mission.
2D-HAND steam, gas.' oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 518 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maglo lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st
SAFES— New «nd second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. -109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLAXKOPg _ WANTS.
A-KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
brac> old gold. 109 Sixth st ; phone Jessie 141.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought A
sold., Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED-Uprlght piano for cash. H. Lv
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st
MINES AND MINING. .
LEARN something this week about Montezuma
copper; 'we'll give you Information. : AMER-
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO., selling
agents. 310 Safe Deposit building. San Fran-
cisco.
FOR sale or exchange— Claim ¦ on well-known
stream in Klondike; > owner In city. Address
box 1251. Call office.
«wwv~v W .-J'!" J w.y T° l -'! > - A :>-- .- - -,._:___;
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
;a Interest in Estates
.'...".^Undivided Interests in Real Estate.'....
¦ Financial • problems of all sorts #nd sizes
golvod by HERMAN MURPHY. 830 Market
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
. afford -to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
".; not borrow of your friends or you will lose
-their friendship: do business . with ¦ strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no 'delay; no
publicity. , Rooms 9 and 10. 908 Market st
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
: where. R. McCOLGAN. , 24 Montgomery, r.3.
'ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
¦In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
"mortgages and securities. Room 16. '1st floor.
• Chronicle building. HALLORAN _ OLSEN.
afcMMB^^B^a^ESa^^te^Ba3^^^sS^«j|3HiBW
sax Francisco call.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
entil 13 o'clock every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery street.
wrner Clay; open until t:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 8:$0 p. m.
OS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f!5 Lark in street; open until 9:80 p. m.
?M1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
ttCl Market etreet, comer Sixteenth; open
trr.t;! 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1K< Valencia etreet; cpen actll 9 p. m.
Ncrthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreetr: cpen until 9 p. m.
MKET1.NG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M.. •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _4\J
ING, Jar.. -J2. ill '¦¦¦2< o'clock. R. A- TLJ\
degree. By order of the H. P. * ~
FRANKLIN 1L DAY. Secretary.
GOLPHN Gate Lodge No. 30. V. and A. »
M.— L>jdge of instruction THIS fTL'ES- _#%_
DAY) 1>VI:N1NG at 7:20 o'clock. IK Zf
EDWIN L. METER. Secretary. / ? J
ORIENTAL Lodee No. 144, F. and A. a
M.— Third dfsrw TIUP <TL'I^t>AV) iTO , .
tVENING at 7:::o o'clock. /SL3T ;
A. S. HUIUUKD, Secretary. rW\ \
ET. ANDREWS Society announces
the indefinUe postponement of the J|l
a.r.niverfarv c<*lfbraticn of the birth *f,W3 J\J!
of ROBERT BUOK6, advertised to **^5 I ©
take plate FRIDAY EVENING, January 25.
in view of the eerious illness of her Majesty
Queen Victoria. '
ALLAN POLLOK. President
G. ST. J. BRKMNER. Secretary-
TliE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the CNION TRUST COMPANY of
S&n ]':j:rirco w".:i.b« held at the office of
the company In the Union Trust Company's
building, corner Mont£omerj\ Post and Mar-
ket stfc.. San Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY,
the 4th day of February. 1SC1. at the hour of
J o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
the company and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. I. \V. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the ctockhclders cf the Honolulu Plantation
Ccmpacy will be held at tbe office of the
company. Z2~ Market st. San Francisco. Cal..
cn MON'DAT. the SSth day of January. 1901,
at tte hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose cf electing a Board of Directors to serve
tor the ensuing year and the transaction of
•uch ether business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer book* will close on Thurs-
day. January 17. 19C1. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BTOCKHOLDERS' Meeting-The annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders cf the Union Iron
Works -—ill be held at the office of tha com-
pany. 252 Market et.. £an Francisco, on Tues-
day, January £2, 1SC1, at 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose cf electing a Board of Directors
to serve for the ensuing year, tnd for the
transaction cf Euch other business as may
ccme before tbe meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market Bt. Saa Francisco, Cal. •
January 10. 1301.
TO the etockhtMers and members of the C. F.
Kapp Corr.jjany. a cort>oration : Notice Is
hereby given that -a general meeting of t&e
stockholders and members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at its
office ard' place of business. No. 1200 Market
wt In the city and county of San Francisco.
Ftate of California, cn SATURDAY, the 26th
day of January. 190L at the hour cf 12
o'clock m., the object of said meeting being
the removal from office cf the following
rained directors of Bald coooratlon. to wit:
C. H. Koehncke. Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mue'.ler and Alfred Fuhrman, and that at
ruch tcrtlng It Is the intention of the under-
rigned to propose the removal of each of eald
<Jlr~ctr.rs. and clso at eald meeting- the repeal.
amendment and adoption «f new by-law" will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kapp Company.
BORROW cn diamonds; perfect Becreey; prl-
vat> »-:t~nrt T'xrXT: HAP.RIS. 15 Grant av.
ACEXTS WANTED.
AGHNT to Introduce a new Imported house-
hold n«K"PS«-ity; txrst thine* on the coast Ad-
dress Dundee Mfg. Co.. Flood bjdg.. 8. K.
WANTED — Agents In California. Oregon.
¦U'ashir.rton: preat proposition. Call or ad.
AMOS CURRIER. 6 Eddy st. r. U. >-10 a. m.
AGENTS with a little money to handle a new
household article: newly patented. CALI-
rORNIA MFG. CO.. K5 Mission ft.
S?W TO S500 per month: men or women; salary
<-.»• fOTnmisFion or T>oth. 9!T7 Market St.. r. €15.
ADOPTION.
HEALTHY baby ~for adoption! MRS. DR.
RTCKE. 1476 Eighth Bt.. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R, \v\ ICING. JC7 Market St.. 6th floor, room G7
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections ; all cases; fair fee: no advance
charges; loar.s on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no f*— without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FP.ANK "W. BXHTH; mining and probate law a
iped-tty. Mills big., r. S. 4th fir. : t_L Red 361S.
ADVICH fri^e: no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON". Sr: Market et. opp. Mason.
L. & CLARK. Emma Ppreckels b'.flg.. K7 Mar-
Y.ft «.: nuBHtllai Bob free: no fees 1n advance.
AiPHALTIM HOOKING.
3. PELTIER, aephalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ra'.rfd-. postal. 11*6 MI union- tel. Folsom 1607.
BATH CABINETS.
ELECTRIC liKht bath cabinets to let and for
m!e. 1'36 Point Lobrs ave.
BOAItDIXG FOB CHILDREN.
EXPECTABLE Gerrcan lady would like a
baby or 2 small children to board; a good
home Corner Third ave. and California
et. south, Richmond District, city.
HOUSED home; English; musical; reason-
able. £08 Clay tt. Oakland. .- - /¦¦:: .-.'
BUSINESS CHA\QGS.
A-«00: CANDY and icecream parlor: rent J2S;
a place « ??/-_! ". years and doing a good busi-
ness : owner compelled to leave city at onoe;
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Ft
A— JSOO&: CHOP house and oyster grotto; near
Emporium; rent $123; lease; daily receipts
tlCO. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26H Ktafny.
A — FSOO; COR. butcher ehop, in northern part of
city; rent JIO: horse, cart: selling 4 cattle
and about la theep per week; a cash custom.
Call R. G. WILKE. ZC~i Kcarny st.
A — $2500: WINE and liquor business in Oakland,
wlih apency for one- of the largest wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private customers; located on prin-
cipal etreet. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $.'00; THIRD Interest in laundry company;
doing a first-class business; retiring partner
to leave for New York. Apply R. G. WILKE,
26"?4 Kearny ft
A — ONE of the best saloons with commercial
lunch; close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; owner
Kick !n bed; a. preat sacrifice; only J500 cash
down needed. K. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et
A— JsOO: CORNER grocery and bar on Longton
tt; rent $:;>; place estab. 20 years; must sell.
as o-wner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party, n. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— GROCERY and bar with 4 living rooms-
rent £20: does a good business JS30
P.utchc-r shop in Mission; dally sales |10 to
ISO; rer.t J15; fine fixtures; enap $200
Barber siicp on Market ft.: clears $60 month;
r*nt US; tilee location *K0
MARION GRIFFIN*. 719 Market st. room L
M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market et, near Call bldg
Faloon In best part of city; does a very fine
business: estab. 6 years; price 11000. which Is
Ws than one-half cost of the fixtures.
FI RST-CLAFS saloon; elegant fixture*- mus*
eel! before February 1; owner must go north •
trial given: raty terms; 6ee this bargain
_ Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st
RESTAURANT for sale; fine location; doine
a pood-paying business. H. C. DECKER
let!}. Market st *-_._«,
TO buy. se!I or exchange real estate, store or
business place call on H. C. DECKER. 1020
Market st. No charges for advertising.
BALOON and merchants* lunch; good fixtures-
good stock of liQuors; paying business; «- O od
reasons for selling; rent J40: price 1400; many
choice business opportunities. Call G W
SCHWEINHARD. rooms 1-2, 917 Market et! '
IF you have a 5pecla!ty to Introduce to the '
N*w England trade please write to E L •'
POND.- 11 Franklin st, Boston. Mass - ere- !
dentlals exchanged.
flSO— REST creamery with branch bakery,
candy, etc.. horse and wagon; dally receipts
over $10; trlaj fiven. Box 1S97 Call office.
J5.VV- PARTNER wanted: can make JIM per
month; only good active man need apply.
California Business Ass'n. 6C5 Market st.
liAKERY; Rood chance; country; close to 2
. Fumrar resort*: $300. For particulars apply
C J IAS. R. STONE. Tomales.
PRACTICAL farmer will take well etock dai-
ry or poultry ranch In chares. Box. 1263. Call.
f,Mft-THE Q restaurant. 2S7 O'Farrell ft., on
eary r'a>Tn<^:ts. D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
ItOrTE Xo. 6 of the San Francisco Call for
*ale. Apply at this office. • . '¦
AN investment of $2500 In a business ready for
operation will return above amount back to
_lnve*tr>r within 8 month*; bona fide; will
«tand Investigation. 827 Market «t.vr. O£. 1THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALli. TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1901.
Golden Gate Chapter.; No. 7U of the
'American Guild ; has < Installed the follow
ing s named , asi Its officers : for ]the^ current
term : | Joseph\Gallagher, | governor; James
E.f Dunne, .vice governor; :Dr.^ Charles M
Troppmann," secretary and treasurer ; Pat; 1
Klutz, warden; a George iBank, guard; Dr.
•Ai -" K. Happersberger, » medical examiner.
This ; chapter^ at its last I held j meeting re
ceived four ; aopllcatlona for membership.
The American Guild.
MontezumaVTribe of the Improved Or
der .: of 'Red :. Men : duringr tha 'past six
months : adopted . fifty-two' palefacea, in
creafeing the membership roll to 210, malt-
Ing it pne'.of the large and healthy. tribes
of '¦ the reservation.' At ~ the •<¦ council ' , last
week Judge Georgre .H. i Cabanias, prophet,
was : presented > by ¦ the ; brothers of the
tribe with - a : beautiful. German! stein; with
the Information* that; he was by^ that act
placed ¦ in charge a of : the ¦; only .'.'growler"
In f Montezuma'. ,=.-. One 'of ¦, the regular at
tendants, at .the council every. Tuesday
night' ls v'Czar": G..8. Graham, the ac
knowledged: authority on law, of Redman
ship. 1 -What x he : does not know * about the
law of that * order is not ; to * be found la
the books. < \ ¦ '
Improved lOrder of Bed Men.
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
P Barley, Cel - ¦ L G Parker, L Arts; .
A West, MiTwaukee J G Spencer, N Y
Mrs A West, Mllwauk Mrs J C Spencer N T
J L Houston, Maine D W Graves, Cal
A D King, Hanford Mrs D W Graves, Cal
P H Short, Fresno « I> T Ham, Spokane
D Erdrlch,' N <Y ' Mies Simmons, Sacto
W D Wheelwright, Or J Pitcher, USA
W-'E'de Groot.^L Ang WO McPherson, Or
Mrs.W Corby.Ii Ang Mrs W . G McPherson,
Mlss*J Brlggs. L Ang Oregon . : .
Miss L Bchwara, L An L Brown. Cal
Miss B Chanslor, LAG Lion, San Jose
J A Chanslor, L Ang L Einstein, Fresno
C P Savio, Italy 5 W B Packer, Minn
W A Schlffer, NT T B Mercer. : Minnpls
Mrs W A Schifter, N T Mrs Calhoun, Chicago
D .W- Simpson, Chicago W T Salomon, N Y
O MCorbln, Conn ¦ G J Lufkln, Bt Louis
W B Bartholomew, £TY AD Grant, N Y
Baron L von Rosen- W Perdue. Seattle
berg. NT - ; ~: C Richardson, Tacoma
L L Gray, Fresno C R McCormlclc, Mich
v GRAND HOTEL.
M Conklin, Fresno '¦'• A B Hotchklss & w,
R T Anderson. Oaklnd Los.Angwles
J Bolthouse, FlagBtaff C W Miller, Portland
J M WrJghtson. 9 Jose J H Beaton, S L Oblap
O WHogan. NY v ' C • Gerber, - Mich .
A r Jarnin, Paris .: J L Graff, Chicago
J Resplnl, Banta Crua C B Collins. Portland
L D Syle A w, Berkely F Harkness, Los Ang ,
PC Btaniford, Cal . . R H Smith, Ohio :
FEFalor, Eureka- MR Potts, Eugene
W Lowell, Saoto -' \ EH Beggs & w. Bolsa
W D Buckley & w. Cal Mrs M Kuhlman. Boise
J B Mullay,: Portland H McHugh. Wisconsin
Mrs J Thomas, Topeka J E Whissen, Ls Ang
XV R Laurenour. Cal • C B Btubbs & w, Or
W E Moldrup, Alamed H E Collins. Los Ang
H W Wandeaf ord.' Cal J W Young., Cal
C C Melloch, 1 Fortuna- H.K Owens/Seattle'
F A Cody Chicago ?; G Hood. Kentucky
J A Pirtle, Los Ang 1 Mrs J Shedd, San Jose
Mrs D A Smith.- Denvr O-.W- 5111, Watsonville
H S Johnson. Neb ¦ C A Holland. Carters M
L Blasingame & w, Cal H J West, Sonora '
Mrs E J Baber,^ Fresno W A Hawley, Gr Vail
Mrs S B Spain,- Englnd -
Legislators.
CARSON, New, Jan. 2L-The twentieth
session of the Nevada Legislature opened
at noon to-day. "Van Duzer, "who ia a
pronounced anti-lottery man, waq, select
ed of the House'. Though the
lottery people stated before the caucus
meeting that they would take no hand in
the fight the anti-lottery men felt Jubi
lant over the success of Van Duzer. Both
sides regard the fight as 'a close one.
William Sharon, Congressman New
lands' political associate, in an interview
stated that he had assumed tho same po-,
sitlon as has Mr. Newlands In his publish
ed Interviews, and that he would use hfs
best efforts to defeat the lottery amend
ment both In the Legislature and before
the people. It is not thought that any
action on the measure will take place be
fore next week. >
House by the Nevada *
Van Duzer Is Selected Speaker of the
ANTI-LOTTERY MEN"
DRAW FIRST BI.OOD
Governor Brady refuses to discuss the
matter further than to say that he has
not recommended the transfer of Judge
Noyes.
TV hereas, well-known and respected cit
izens returning 1 from Nome unanimously
condemn the conduct of the court at
xsome, and Judge Noyea* reputation in
Southeastern Alaska is of the worst, and
his services would be of no value to this
people, and productive of great harm,
therefore we protest against the trans
fer."
The Chamber adopted resolutions ad
dressed to the United States Attorney
General, in the course of which the fol
lowing appears:
Press dispatches from Washington,
which have asserted that Governor Brady
recommended the transfer, have made the
people of Southeastern Alaska very un
easy. The Bar Association ot Juneau has
taken up the cudgel to prevent the coiv
templated change, and at a recent meet-
Ing of the Juneau Chamber of Commerce
a speech was made by President McEbers,
in which Judge Noyes was arraigned In
severe terms. The president said that he
was not talking from what he had read in
newspapers, but from personal interviews
with Nome miners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21.-Ther Chamber oi
Commerce of Juneau has adopted resolu
tion? condemning', in unmeasured terma
the alleged methods of Jud^e Noyea ol
Nome- and protesting against the transf ei
of Judge Noyea to Southeastern Alaska,
The - contemplated change would deprtv*
Juneau of Judge Brown. If changes mu3t
be made Juneau people prefer that Judge
Wickersham be transferred to Nome,
leaving Judge Brown where he is. J
Chamber of Commerca o
Alaska City Adopts Strong
Resolutions.
JUNEAU DISLIKES
JUDGE NOYES
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Marie and Bronislaw Lada to Elizabeth
Strother, lot on S line of Post street, 137:6 W
of Polk. W 27:6 by S 120; $8000.
Emll and Addle (John to Jennie and Alexan
der Mann Jr.. lot on S line of Pine street. 137:6
K of Buchanan, K 25 by S 137:6; $6000.
'Cayznus Investment Company to Henry W.
EUert. lot' on N line of Vallejo street, 40 B
Of Fllfmore, E 33 by N 137:6; $5500. .
'A- W. and Susan B. Stott to D> D. Waaa,
lot on W line of Stelner street, 86 N of Halght.
N 26:4 by W 110; *5000.
Harrletta Lyman or Sister Marie Immacu
late, aad Hannah Wall or Bister Mary Jose
phine to Bridget Mines or Mother Margaret.
Jot on S line of . Waller street. -8 E of Lott
(extended). K 193, SW 215, N 52:6. KB to be
ginning i (quitclaim deed) ; $10. .
Yvonne Griffith or Bister Mary Erangellst
end Alma Schumann or Sister Mary Aloysius
trt same, same (quitclaim deed); $10.
Susan and Walter F. Hayward and John and
Nellie Parry or Perry to John E. Hill, lot on
W line of Noe street, 173 N of Twentieth, N
25 by W. 125; $500. : •
John X. Greany to Johanna Fitzgerald, lot
on W line of Hampshire street, 125 8 of Twen
ty-second, 8 25, W 100, N 25, D to beginning;
$1000.
Jcseph and Mary Cuneo to E. J. Zimmer and
F.' XV. Eaton, lot on B line of Washington
street, 25:10 E of Dupont, E 26 by B 40; SB50O.
Benjamin Healey to Katie Dugan or Duggan,
lr.t on N line of Valparaiso street,- 91:3 E of
Taylor -E 2* by N 60; $1500. ;
San Francisco Land Company (corporation) '
to Isabelle R. , Brown, lot on W line of Eighth ;
e-venue, 225 N of California street, N 25 by W
120: $1000. .-: ' - ¦ v '
: William J. and Theresa Kilday to Josepli C.
Ostern, lot on B line of Second avenue, 175 N
of Clement street, N 25 by E 120; $3000.
Ezeklel and Louise C Wilson to Thomas
Fanning, lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue,
iro:9 E of Sixteenth. E 29:3. N 100, W 15, N
275. W 65, S 353; $1000.
Lewis H. 1 i Sage to Alice M. O. Sage, undi
vided one-half of lot on NE corner of fi street
and Twenty-sixth avenue, N 125 by E 75 (to
correct 1391 D. 152) ; gift.
Mary or Harr"etta Lyman to Bridget Mines,
let on E line of Thlrty-fll th avenue, 100 N of
B street. N 25 by B 120; $500.
Louise A. and Harry J. Murr to Solomon
Getz. lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 125 S of
N street, S 50 by W 120; «500.
13
PERSONALS.
WHY tr-iees? You are certain of atyla and fit by
us'.r.* Standard Patterns; February < styles
roaCr. DOMESTIC OFFICE, m Srfc't it
\VH1TE enamel Iron beds, elnrle. three-quarter
or double. 12 23, EASTERN OUTFITTivo
CO.. U10-UU Eftckton ¦t^wSS™.''
FrPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
metric needle. MISS EATON. lll» Butter «t
J: !^5.^2 PKIN^?t w<lle ? over y for rheumatism;
rosltue cure. 806 Market, office 22. 2a floor.
''hifi?? 0 !;* 18 E «TP tl * a Henna; restores rray
hair to Its natural color; >1; at all druggists.
C ?Fii tJE> « ST and be!t ln America— The Weekly
vt.V " e P a s* 8 . ¦«* to any addreii ln the
vnlted States or Canada one year fcr IL
PHVSICIASS ASO Sl'RGBOAS.
D^V,Jf «• 0 'DO^"^'ELL-Offlce and residence.
lCZlH Market et. between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— Income property for cash; must be
bargain. A. ?T. SPECK * CO.. 667 Market.
REAL ESTATE ci'iV— FOil gAJLB.
HEAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
C€7 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KBAHNT
$210fr~EEDUCED FROM |2500.
Four &s.ts; recu $30; all rented.
HML
Four flats; rents fib: downtown, near 4Ui st.
I600O.
Three choice f.ati; near Post and Taylor sta.'
pays 10 per cent; 27 feet front: offer wanted
I5500-HTDE-8T. CORNER. lrCU *
U-rocza tcuse; lot 40x90 feet.
Ill, 000
Butter «.. near Taylor; "very chMin
tU.000-4 BRAND-NEW FLATS.
Rented under leate fcr |1C2 a month: half
c&fh required.
J75C0. .
Flste; brand new; east of Van New av«.;
renu |7I; all rented.
ISSPO— REDUCED PROM llC.OOa
M*rket-st. corner, store and flat.
(14.000.
Grand 14-room residence on Jackson st.
I14.00O-REDUCED FROM m.Wa
Btrsinets property: eame tenants for years;
»tcre and rooming-house.
J16.000.
Grand corner; Learenworth st. ; 60 feet front;
• '.I retted for 1125; mortgage ISDOO can remain
et t per cent.
rs. 000— REDUCED FROM IS2.000.
Choice corner lot. 75- foot front: within half a
fclcck of Market St.; with old improvements;
rents -about 1400; the only ccmer that can b*
bought vicinity of S'.xth et
J12.003.
Rents $100; S new fVats: choice locality.
$29,000.
Corner, 60 feet front; vicinity Butter St.. east
cf Hyde; grand hctel, efflea or roomlng-nouse
aita; renu $107.
tSS.000 IWTSTED.
Graad corner: brand-new buildicr; sruorajt-
t»ei lease pays IT. ¦'¦ a month net.
$a,CO0-VICIN*ITT SECOND ST.
Comer B&dfil feet, with Improvements; rent-
icy for tl'O per racnth.
This district is booming;
$14.000— XEAR EECOXD ANT> MISSION.
Lot 4;x70 feet; rents nominal; a sure snap.
Sutt*r-et. corner; fT:€jcS7:8: elegant improve-
ments; rents $lt00 p«r annum.
tlO5.C0O.
Market st.. rear Call; 5 p«r cent net
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
€67 Market st, opposite Kearny.
CVrresrondence solicited.
II' you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUXN. UO California et.
FOR sale — A magnificent piece of Chinatown
property; rents over $300 a month. Box 1256,
oen crsce.
FOR sale— An exceptional bargain ln that ele-
gant 10-room ur>-to-date residence, "TS Cole
et.; new; «le*Tantly decorated: open dolly.
FOR »aie— 2 lots in Richmond district; owner
Cuing to Nome. Box 1SS7. Call office.
REAL ESTATE: COr.VTIiy— For Sal*
A "FXAP"— Peculiar circumstances cause own-
er in eacrifi'-p at half actual value 724 acres
«mlicht subdivide) very best land and location
in the ••lovely Kara Valley." adjoining R. R.
station, near Napa City and etearner landing,
with'.n free mail delivery; all highly cultivat-
ed level lean, now in crop; not inch of waste;
unequaled for fruit, vines, corn, lovely home;
ha* rented for $10 acre: offered for $60: could
not buy adjoining land for less than JIJO.
REMEMBER— I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for sale and ex-
change than all other agents In S. F.; 3000
end get reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. T>. SICKELS, the Land Agent. C Geary st.
15 AN' acre. ICO acres, deeded homestead; clear
ere^k land, for vegetables; Coos Co.. Oregon.
M. GRIFFTX. 719 Market. Br. Coll building.
FOR rer.t— Profitable fruit and hay ranch, near
city; cash or eharee. P. E.. box 123?. Call.
•WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma, for
free copy of gonoma Co. real estate bargains.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO EXCHAXGE-Tti-o (2) choice building lots
ln Oakland for Tacoma or Seattle property.
C P. CURTISS, 1104 Pacific ave.. Tacoma,
V/ayh.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
VCK offer elegant suite of rooms and board in
ft!wt private home In Alarr.eda to refined
f "iir>: refprfnees required. Box 863. CalL
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
KETV neat cozy cottage; 5 rooms, bath, larg*
hall, pantry, folding doors, pretty wooden
mastel. tJIM gink, porcelain bath, gas or
electric lights throughout the house, etatlon-
«ry washsiand and tubs, hot and cold water.
br!--k foundation, high basement; lot *Gxll0;
3 blocks from station, school, stores and
churches; 1 block from electric cars; price
JlfOO; only jvv. cash, balance $17 monthly;
rtop pajtes rent and be your own landlord-
take Berkeley train and ret off at Lorin sta-
tion: ;••* tor RT'r>OT>PH. PERKINS 4
I- YON: office o*»n Funday*.
I'.SfiO— NEW B-rocm cottage on sunny «lda of
street. 2 Uocks to cars: $100 cash, balance J14
per month. W. C. MOItAN.
IK 1 *"— NE"SV e-room house, double parlors.
natural wood finish dining room, flr.e mantel
an-J jttileboard. porcelain bath, tiled sink, fine
wash room; cement eidevalk. all around the
place; 2 blocks to tars; etrvet work all dune;
one of the beet streets ln the city; bank
loaned J3000 on this place; IS00 cart, balance
UJ per month; place will rent for $40 a month.
W. C. MORAN, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
f-ROOM cottage, tank and windmill on good
lot: on paved street : In good order; only
tt2W. MAT & MORTIMER. 212S Center st.,
Herkeley.
OAKLAND .ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAJfD RKAL ESTATE.
K2»^PREiENT~cash value $S0M; a new Swiss
chateau; sunny exposure; large lot; S rooms
and bath; open plumbing; unique design and
beautifully arranged; space will not permit
of «xto!!ing its charming qualities; 6 min-
utes' walk to Fourteenth and Broadway;
clo«e to cars, schools, ete. ; seeing ls be-
lieving: call early. Kee J. S. MYERS & CO.,
- 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2200— CHEAP for J3SO0; new Dutch bungalow
cottage with the latest ideas ln architec-
tural design and finieh; Interior finish and
decorations; beautiful; lot SSxlSO; close to
business cer.;er, schools, cars and local
train* to San Francisco; terms, $300 cash;
offered at these terms and price for one
week only; withdrawn if not sold within the-
time: flrrt. come first eerved. Bee J. B.
MYERS & CO.. 3002 Broadway. Oakland.
$:5Q6-FQR a 110,009 property; large corner lot;
Ift-room house; near business center and lo-
cal trains; positively a great bargain; space
will not permit extolling Its good qualities.
If a No. 1 house and a bargain ls wanted
in a Crst-class neighborhood call early; «ee-
Jn* is believing. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002
JBroadway, Oakland.
$750 CASH, balance fit 60 monthly till paid;
cottage of 4 large rooms; nlc« high byement,
brick foundation*: large new barn: fine
<-!iicken house?, 4 fine brooderies, chicken
ehei*s an<l chicken runs; plenty of fine water;
ntar a fine echool house, wide avenue and
l-oulevard; VA acres more or lesa, all fenced;
Flte. climate and soil the very best; this is a
property wtll worth etclng, . and Is a very
great bargain: with a nice young fruit or-
chard in bearing; price all told. 11503. Call
or send for circular for cheap lots, 405 Sev-
enth st., Oakland; Broadway station; car-
riace free. H. Z.' JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND II R.MTUIli: PC It SALES.
AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
TELEMIOXES. ;
?«XEFHONES. house rr private lines. *4 50 a
«*t: electrictu work installed. 1236 Pt. Lobos.
' Vl« Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September 50, 1300.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIXE*
- AND BAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— «:65. •»:15. 11:00 a. m.. 1:0.
X:35, 4:t'O, 8:16. •6:15.-t:4O p. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
P.afael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. rn.
BUNDATS~*8:00. 'lO^. •U:».a. m.. «1.1i
I:15.«4:45. 6:J0. »:00 p. m. v
".-Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
, WEEK DAYS— 6:20. •S:30. 7:43, » : jq ».
•12:30. 1:45. *3:S0.. 4:J0. S:20 p. m. . '. • ._-.*.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
asd Saturdays at t:45 and 10:29 p. m. -.
8UNDAYS-«:20. •8:00. *IOM, »U:« a. m.
n:40,-*2:15. : 4:45,.««:80 p. m. -¦ '
i Trains marked (•) start from San ' Quentln.* •
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. «:«. 7:55,, »;}» I^ft"
12.-S3, 2:10. J:30. 4:54. 6:20 p. m. - . \ '
< . EXTRA -, TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:03 a. m.. M:05, 2:15. ».-3o.
8:30, «:45 p. rh. . . .- ,
. THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. in. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. - , „ :
» 1:48 p. ¦ m. : Eaturdays— Tomales and war
stations).:, .--.¦ ,-.-,. * -
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales ¦ and way
stations.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
if We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F.W. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent,
641 Market st.
Are You
Interested in
lTlvAlVU i
nOQMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALTON. J04 McAllister- Sunny front ,sul?a;
also eunny front suite for housekeeping, |2S.
ELLIS, 1127— Housekpg; nicely fur. front room,
with kitchen attached; bath, yard and grata.
ITLLMORE. 618. near Hayes— 2 housekeeping
rooms, furnished complete: cheap; refined
family. T -
FOLSOM.' 776H— t neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping, with stove: reaa.
FOURTH. 225-Sult of rooms suitable for
light housekeeping; 'also single; rent .rea-
sonable.
HOWARD, 8T7A— One front housekeeping
room; |t x . v
HOWARD, lOeSH— Two connecting, completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; range, run-
ning water; JS. . x
LARKIN. 61W eunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping. $10 per month\
MARKET. 1658, opp. 10th— Larpe front sunny
alcove. IIP; also alcov suite, 17.
MARTHA place, S, off Geary st— Sunny house-
keeplng rooms and other rooms; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, SOOO, cor. Central ava.— 1 nicely
furn. rooms for housekeeping; ft. .
MJ.NNA, 172— Changed hands; newly renovated!
eulte of rooms for housekeeping: folding bed;
running water, stove and laundry. .
MINNA. 287. btt. 3d and 4th (New Tork House)
—Single, double and housekeeping rooms.
NINETEENTH, ,*640— Sunny front and back
room for housekpg; use bath and coal stove.
POLK. 612— Desirabl* unfurnished and fur-
nlshed rooms. • . . "
STOCKTON. 6C»— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms: single or suite; also housekpg rooms.
VAN NESS ava., 815— Large . sunny parlor;
phone and rlano; references. . ' ¦
VAN NESS av«.. 1401 and 1408, NW. cor Bush
— Elegant sunny suites and apartments for
housekeeping; private baths; telephone; elec-
tric lights; sun all day: gas ranges; running
water In every room; will be arranged, clean-
ed, painted and newly furnished to suit.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cubscriptions has been established at 1028
Valencia street. . t
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office, ttOO FillmOre St.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn"
AHLBORN HOTEL. Ill Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel ln city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; firtt-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms «5c
to tl per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and light
housekeeping; open alj night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1184)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 610 fTh« Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day *5c up; wk. $160 up. Mrs.' P. Ranft.
CHESTNUT, 268, near Dupont— Large sunny
front room, furnished, double bed. $4 month.
EDDY, 507— Front bay-window and side rooms;
with or without board.
FURNISHED rm., modern: ' private; walking
distance; gentlemen only. Box 1271. Call.
GEARY. 406(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409— Parlor floor of 4
large, partly furnished rooms.
GRAND 6OUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.-r-Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRIET. 839, between. Sixth and Seventh.
Bryant and Brannan — 4 rooms newly papered.
JESSIE, 863, near Fifth and Market— Furnlsh-
ed rooms, (4 and $5; housekeeping, $3.
LAB PALMAB, 1S20 Market St.— Suite of I or S
rms; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS place. 18, off Taylor, near Post— Fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en suite.
MCALLISTER, SO— 3 furnished rooms, 1 house-
keeping; bath, gas; reasonable.
MINNA, 178 — Changed hands; newly renovated;
single or double rooms, tl 25 up.
MFNNA, 637, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room: $1 per week; transient.
KEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, f2 a week up; 85c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 631 — Front parlor and basement
room for housekeeping; rent 110 and fit. ,
nOSEDALE House. SU-J21 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 85c to SI: week. $125 to tt: open night.
DOTAL House, 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per eight, 25c to tl 50; week, (2 to
IS; month, $3 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot cold water; baths.
S. T. ROOM-RKNTIN'O Bureau. 927 Market
st. room 204—500 choice rooms; free list
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. S6€2. near Castro— A nice sunny
furnished room; near cars; rent $5.
SUTTER. 320H — Changed hands : newly reno-
vated: single rooms. tS: suites. $12 to $2S mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office fbr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10i>6
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
WANTED— A couple to occupy a large newly
furnished room in a private house; modern
accommodations; phone, gas, running water,
bath, etc.; very desirable location on Haight
st. Box 1212, Call office.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
PLEASANT sunny room for one or two gen-
., tlemen. with board; reasonable; references.
172 .Hawthorns St., near Harrison.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 419
First et.
" ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
YOUNG man with good references desires
eunny room and 1 meals ln refined family;
state terms. Box 129S. Call office.
V SPECIAL. NOTICES..
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, halfior-
phans and abandoned children have been re-
ceived into the orphanage from July 1, 1900,
to Dec. SI, 1900: Bertha Wess, 11 yrs.; Fred-
erick, 4, and Ray O'Brien, 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Cella. 4. and Willie Flynn. 2 yr».: Mary Mo-
Laugnlln, 11 yrs. 3 mos. ; Mamie Mullaney, 7;
Ann Mullaney. 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Christopher Mul-
laney, S yrs.; Jim Power. S yrs. 1 mo.; Violet,
C yrs., and Bert Rlppon, 4 yrs.; Irene Pel-
man, 1 yrs. 10 mos. ; Mary Purdy, B yrs. 1
mo., and Alice Purdy. 1 yr. I mo.: Ethel, 6
yrs., and Clar Johnson. 8" yrs.; Maria Al-
bach. 6 yrs. 1 mo.; Joeeph, 5 yrs. 2 mos.. and
Julia Kennedy, 2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Hazel Adams,
11 yrs.; Ltllle Albertlen. 7 yrs. 4 mos.; Annie
Deffeehla. 9 yrs. S mos.; Hilda, 3 yrs. 10 mos.,
and Myrtle Deffechla, I yrs.; Joseph. 2 yrs. 4
mos., Louis, 4 yrs. 10 mos., Delia Jeffers, 10
yrs.; Elwood, E yrs.. Howard. 6 yrs., and
Maude Wesley, S yrs. : Rose Hurbert, 6 yrs.
4 mos.. Edwin. 2 yrs. 1 mo., and Rachel Vall-
vard. 1 yr.: Joeeph MacCort, 6 yrs. 1 mo.:
Frank Hynes, 1 yr. 3 mos., and Addle Hynes,
* yrs. I mos.: Irene Moody, 8 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Balenjar. 5 yrs. ; Joseph, 19 yrs, 10
mcs.. Luke, 4 yrs., and Fanny Vydan, 3 yrs.:
Eugene Gibbs. 1 yr. ( mos.; Mary. S yrs., Jo-
5*.?]?' i J rT I- an * Margaretta Olsen. t yrs.;
Lillian Radcan. 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Laura Rad-
$*?.'.. '^EF' 8 m( F- ; Alfred Brellls, 5 yrs.;
Willie O-Farrell. « yrs. 2 mos.: Mary. 5 yrs.
Ethel. 4 yrs. 10 mos.. and Kate Rowan. 3
yrs t mos.; Eva Bony. 7 vrs. 11 mos.; Ger-
trude. 4 yrs.. and Jim Daly. 2 yrs. 6 moe. ;
Clara. 3 yrs.. and Mary Lonta, $ yrs.: George
4 >Ts..and Hubert Kannfeld. 2 yrs. 3 mos •
Fred Fraeer. 5 yrs. 3 mos.; Maria Seboofer 10
yrs.; Mary Coonan, 4 yrs. 7 mos.: May 7 yrs
4 mos., Joeeph. 4 yrs., and Agnes Filling; 8
yrs. < mos.
LADIES— Chiehester En«;ll»h Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other"
¦end 4« stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" ln letter by return mail: at drur-
irlsts. Chlchester Chemical Cc. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
SRWIKG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Char>*« Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: r*-du»»»d rates. 145 Cth: priori* Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES. '
P1ERCE-UODOLPH Btcrage and Moving Co.;
office. Pest and Powell sts.; tel. Main £713.
WILSON BROS., atorage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and- Market; phone South 762.
_
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
t»l. Main IMP: f hipping at rut rates.
TO LEASE. — — —
BLACKSMITHS or horseshoers; will take it out
in trade: ¦ rent 310 a month: corner Hearne
and Ninth. HOWARD H. HOGAN. 104 Pine.
v jrYPEWRITERS AKD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPE WRITERS- We
•ell better machines for lesa money than any
house In the city: rentals, St. The Typewriter
•Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main 268.
BAHWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
"Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno... 1:20 p 2:35 p 3:06 a
" Hanford . 4:21 p l:|7 p 7:01 a
•• Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tular* ... 4:17 p 4:27 p S:05 a
"Bksfleld . 1:60 p 8:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:J0 a
"Chicago 2:15 p >:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
S:00 a. m. train la the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second elass
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. ls Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 31:05 a. m. dally.
S:00 p. m. ls tha Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palacs
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 1:55 p. m. dally.
1:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping;
at all points in Son Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices— «41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1113 Broadway. Oak-
land. . - j '
' DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend R No. 118 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanlo Steamship
• CompanVj will be payable at the office of
the company, 337 Market St., on and after
Friday, February L 1801." \. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, January 26, 1901, - at 12
o'clock m. EyH.. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, January 21, 1901—
At a regular meeting of the board . of direc-
tors of this company, held this day, a divi-
dend was declared - payable on and I after
January 22. 1901. -., "¦ -
LOUIS' WBINMANN.. Secretary.
_. '¦'. . , FllOFOSALg.x' .
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, De-
pot Quartermaster's Office, S6 . New Mont-
gomery st., Son Francisco, -Cal.. January l»,
1801— Sealed proposals, in triplicate, < will be
received at this office. until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Friday, February .- 8, 1901, Pacific ¦> Standard
Time, and . then opened, for furnishing ¦ Wool-
en Blankets, .- Drab Campaign . Hats, ( Black
oak and chrome tanned CalXskln Shoes, Rus-
set Shoes; Nainsook Undershirts,- -Nainsook
Drawers and Chambray Shirts. Quantities to
be subject to on ¦ increase ' of 20 par , cent If
; desired by this Department. Unguaranteed
bids and bids j upon samples differing from
standards and specifications, will under no
Circumstances ba considered; proposals far
. lees ' quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids will bo opened for the de-
livery of the same articles at either, the San
Francisco, Boston, Chicago' and Philadelphia
Depots, but none will be given consideration
for inspection or .- delivery at other points
than those named above. . Early deliveries
are essential. The rate 1 and time of . deliv-
ery must be stated by bidders in their pro-
posals, and no proposition should be made
which they ar* not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will ' be given
to articles of domestic produotlon and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality be-
ing equal (lnoluding in the price of foreign
-production and manufacture the duty : there- !
on), and such preference Trill be given to ar- j
tides . of American production and manufac- I
ture produced on the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
. tent of the consumption required by the pub-
lio service thare. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
. blanks for proposals will be ' furnished on
application. Envelopes oontalnlng proposals
will be Indorsed . "Proposals ' No. 465," and
addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG.
Quartermaster, U. S.-. Vols., Depot Quarter-'
master. \ V '
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL., January 2J. 1901.—
Sealed propoeals. in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., February
21, 1991. and then opened, for construction of
a building for chapel and rsadlng-room at
the Presidio of San Francisco,^ Cal. Govern-
ment reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids in whole or in part. Preference
riven to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (Including in
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) being equal, and such preference
grlven to articles of American production pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of. con-
sumption required by the public service there.
Information furnished on application to J
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M.
MABBIAQE LICENSES.
Marriage- licenses were issued yesterday aa
follows:
Thomas B. Kell, SO, Ban Jose, and Rose A.
J. Gunther, 2S, 2327 Mission street
John McGrath 32, S29 Stevensqn street, and
Delia Doherty. 80, E29 Stevenson street.
James J. Derby, 25, 86 Federal street, and
Rose McCabe, 25, 320*4 Rich street.
Morris Levy, 21, 622 Sacramento street, and
Annie L. Redler, 19 1046 Howard street.
John T. Murray, 21, 600 Stevenson street, and
Elizabeth Barry. 18, 256 Tehama. street.
Charles A. Porter, 22, 108 Tehama street, and
Graca E. Simmons, 23, Helix, Cal.
Otis R. Tyson, 26, 419 Bartlett street, and
Amy F. Almee, 24, 1314 Masonic avenue.
Morris Coleman, 23, Oakland, and Pauline
Michaels, 22, Ban Francisco,
Frank S. Loop, 83, city, and Emma C. Hardy,
20, city. • .
John Harjes. 48, 704H Mission street, and
Emma Henricka. 41. 314 Rich street.
John P. Sawdell, 47, olty, arid Bessltt O.
Smith, 8«, city.
George F. Gray, 42. city, and Minnie F.
Berger, 27. city.-
Glacomo Tossl, 89, 856 Folsom, street, and
Jennie P. Wagner, 20, 1305 Mission street,
Thomas W. Fields Jr.. 25, 173 Cook street,
and Daisy M. Schubert, 17. TOltf Van Ness
avenue. -
Antonio Betti, 34, 1444 Mission street, and
Lena D. Agostino, 22. 816 Stockton street.
James B. Tyson, 614A Powell street, and
Elizabeth Jones, 23, 22S Tenth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. :
BAGSHAW— In Mill Valley, Cal., January 19,
! 1901, to the wife of F. W. Bagshaw, a son.
CUMMINS— In this city. January 15. 190L to
the wife of Edward A. Cummins, a son.
STEINHART-In this city, January 20, 1901.
to the wife of Maurice Steinhart. twins — a
son and daughter. ,
MARRIED.
JOHNSON— OLSEN— In this city, January 19,
1501, by Rev. O. Groensberg, Peter J. Johnson
and Magrete G. Olsen.
LEVY— HOFFMAN— In this city. December 29.
1900, by Hon. J. C. B. Hebbard. Louis It.
Levy and Emma Hoffman. ¦
DIED.
Abrams, Melville 8. Jones, Margaret
Abbey. Richard Lascian (Brother)
Ah Sueh - Lynch, Sarah T.
Barr. Charles Lettunlch. Nicholas D
Barry, Patrick ' McCloskey, James
Becherer, Charles F. McKinnon, Alexander
Bennett. Eunice S. McManus. William H.
Beynon, John P. McMaater, Frances W.
Bolcoff. Omedeo Meads. J. Wessle
Cohn. Louis Mocker. William H.
I . Oosio. Bilburto Morrissey, Alice
Clausmann, Dmlla Orr, George A. , i
Cuddy, Catherine Qulnn. Patrick
Delaney. Josephine Radke, Robert
Driscoll. Michael - % Reilly. Matthew W.
E«an. Mary B. \Seibert, Annie
Enestrom. P«ter Smith ! Mary T.
Engtrom. Peter Strohmaier, Charles
Fox. Thomas Sullivan. Catherine
Fries, Annie Tyds. David
Furey. William Taylor. George F. - ' '
Gordon. Alexander C Thorfest. Fred
, Hahne. Babette Tobln. Annie
Hendersoru Catherine Ward, James ,
' Johnson. Louisa Werner. Catherine
ABRAMS— In this city, January 21, 1901, Mel-
ville 8., beloved son of Louisa Abrams, end
" the late Samuel Abrams. a' native of San
Francisco, aged S3 years and 23 days.
[[7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1232 Post street"- Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, i Pleas* omit flowers.
ABBEY— In Oakland. January 20, 1901, Rich-
ard Abbey, beloved father of Mrs. M. A.
Farquhar and Alfred Abbey, a native of Eng-
land, aged 83 years and 8 months. .
C^Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence. 918 Adeline street. Oakland, Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
AH SUEH— In the City and County Hospital.
January 20, 1901, Ah Sueh, a native of China.
BARR— In this city. January 21, 1901, Charles,
beloved husband of Hannah M. Barr, , a na-
tive of Greenwlck, Kent, England, aged 69
years 11 months and 24 days.
BARRY— There will be an anniversary requiem
. high mass celebrated in, St. Rose's Church,,
this day (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, forth*
repose of the soul of Patrick Barry. Friend*
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited to,
¦¦ attend. . •' ' . ¦ -- / ' - ¦ . ¦¦ • ~ ¦'
BECHERERr-In this city, January 20, MOL
Charles F., husband of the late Kmllle
Becherer, ' and brother-in-law of August and
. Albert Mack, a native •• of Braunschweig,
Germany, aged 75 years.
m7*Friends and acquaintances ar* respeot-
¦ fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), *U 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street.
Mission Moaonio Temple.. Interment private.
Please omit flowers. , ¦ \
BENNETT—In tl)is city. January 21, 1901,
Eunice S. Bennett, beloved mother of Ed-
mund J. and •' William C. Bennett and Mrs.
Alice G. Campbell, & native of Ohio, aged
E9 years 6 months and 21 daya. -^Gilroy pa-
pers please copy.) . ; /
BETNON— In this city, January 2L 1901. John
P..- beloved J son of John and Nora Beynon,
a nAtlve of San ¦ Francisco, aged : 2 months
and 19 days.
BOLCOFF— In Millbrae," Cal.. January 21. 1901,
Omedeo Bolooff. - beloved husband of Maria
C Bolcoff, and i father of Mrs. Mary Guters-
loh and Mrs. ¦ Ermla Paterson, a native of
California, - aged 74 years 9 months and 20
¦ _ days. ¦.: -*¦-.¦'. /¦.-.., .. ¦¦ -.. . : , . ..
(17 Friends and acquaintances : are respect -
9 fully invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock. from'Mlllbrae. /.; ¦•
COHN-an this city, January 20, 1901, : Louis,'
beloved husband of Etta Cohn, and father
of Annie. Emily and Nathan ' Cohn. and
brother of Mrs. M. Harris and ' Solomon ' and
Joseph ¦ Cohn, a . native , L of -Nakel. : Prussia,
aged 72 years.. ...;: i -¦¦ .i..' ¦•-¦¦.' -V, . ¦ .• - ¦ ,
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltedvto attend the,' funeral, this day
(Tuesday), at.10 o'clock, from his ; late resl-
HBNRY J. . GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan '& Gallagher.)
¦ DANIBL P. DONOVAN, 'Mgr. ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS' AND :EMUALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite .Lincoln School. - .
¦ ' " Telephone South 80. ¦.- ; ¦
united undertakers; I
v It and 89 Blfth st. Tel.', South 187. ;; : I
fUNESAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALMERS. I
¦ Finest Kqulprnent at -Moderate Rate*. I
rium, - January 20, 1901, Annie, • dearly beloved
I intended wife- of John P.. Beck, and daughter
• of -John j and Caroline Selbert. and sister of
. Daniel* J., Mamie, Fred,' John, Arthur, Blr-
s die, : Carrie and Josie Selbert and Mrs; Frank
Hembold, Mrs. Kate Smith»\ Mrs. Lizzie
.. Uhrig and Mrs. William Bergland. a native
of East St. Louis, Mo., aged 2S years. (Mis-
souri papers please copy.) '
- IE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of . her mother, 470 Tehama street. - thence to
St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church,
Howard street, between Tenth and Eleventh,
for services, commeclng at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment, Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. . January 20. 1901. i Mary
Teresa, beloved wife of John J. Smith, and
sister of William and Eugene Coftey - and
Mrs. Edward Hanning and Leonard Tracey
of Brooklyn, - N. Y., a natlv* of Ireland.
(Brooklyn. N. Y.. . and . New . York paper*
please copy.) ¦•'/-.; • . ...-¦. :
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3454 Nineteenth street, thenc« tor Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Croas Ceme-
- tery. . '"-.-..- -,¦•• ¦-?-..-,-
STROHMAIER— In thla city, January 20. 1901.
Charles. - beloved » son of. Charles and Annie i
Strohmaier, and brother of Amelia, George,
Willie. Herman, Martin. Christie, Edgar and
Walter Strohmaier, a native- of San Fran-
cisco, i aged 15 years 4 months and 21 days.
- trXFriends and acqualntanceiKare respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Tuesday), • at 10:15 O'clock, from the family
residence, 413 Brannan street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery . by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. -
SULLIVAN-In- this city, January 21, 1901.
Catherine, * beloved wife . of tha late Thomas
' Sullivan, and loving . mother of J. W.
Sulliv&n. Mrs.' J. iMurphy and- the -late
Dennis and Thomas Sullivan, and loving
stepmother of Mrs. T.. O'Connor, and sister
of the late Winifred Curtis, a native of
County ; Longford, Ireland, aged 61 years.
(Boston and New York papers please copy.)
¦ cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to 'attend the. funeral to-morrow
\ (Wednesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her late
' residence, 68 Harriet street, oft Howard, be-
tween Sixth and Seventh, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a. requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. -. ' - .
TAYLOR— In this city, January 20, 1901. Georga
F., beloved husband of Lizzie Taylor, and
father of George , and : Ralph • Taylor, and
brother of Edward, Joseph, William, Charles
. and Mark Taylor, Mrs. J. Kelleher and Mrs.
H. McGee. a native of England, aged . S3
years 2 months and 29 days. = : « • >.
Cy Friends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of.J. C. O'Connor Si Co..»W7 Mission street.
THORFEST— In this city, January 20, 1901,
Fred, beloved brother of Sophie and Fred-
ertka Thorfest, and nephew of Henry Flemer,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 19 yeara
and 9 months.' . , —
C7Frlends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral • to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Beventh and Eighth. Interment Mount*
Olivet Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
TOB1N— In this city, January 20, 1901, Annie,
dearly beloved wife of Michael J. Tobln, and
daughter of the late Malachl and Delia Do-
lan, and sister of Peter M. Dolan. and niec«
of Annie and Maggie Flaherty and Law-
rence and the late John Dolan. a • native of
Antioch, Cal.,, aged 32 years 1 month and 21
days.
• ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 415 Baker street, thence to 8t. Agnes
Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
Jier soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TYDS— In the City and County Hospital, Jan-
uary «21, 1901, David Tyds, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 44 years* • .
WARD — In the City and County Hospital, Jan-
uary 21. . 1901. James Ward, a ¦ native of Ire-
land, aged S3 years, -
WERNER— January 20. 1901, ex her residence,
East Oakland, Catherine, wife of F. F.
Werner (maiden name Sweeney), and mother
of IX J. Quill and the late Mrs. Nellie Morse.
a native of Ballyvourney, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 67 yeare 1 month and 2 days.
(Boston, Mass., and St. Joseph, Mo., papers
please copy)
IC?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
r n
; dence. 1511 ! Buchanan" street.' I Interment Sa-
• % lem Cemetery by; 11:30 o'clock * train from
¦ - Third .and mownsend BtreetB depot. ~ ;¦ ¦ . .
1 COSIO— In this city, "January 21.' 1901, Sil-
¦ j burto, dearly " beloved husband-- of Refuiglo
Coslo, and * father - of Lidia and . SUburto
Coelo and Mrs. Laura Rodriguez, a native of
! Mexico, aged 48 years 2 months and 7 days.
- Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 418 Filbert street, between Dupont and
- Kearny. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
; CX.AUBMANN— An anniversary high requiem
mass will be celebrated this day (Tuesday),
• at Notre Dame des Victoires French Church.
Bush street. . for the, repose of the soul : of
1 Emile Clausmana, commencing; at 9 o'clock.
By invitation of his grandmother, Mrs. Marie
Clausmann, and his ' sisters, Marie r Claus-
• rnann and Mrs, Alice Bertin. r
• CUDDY— In this city. January 19. 1901. Cath-
erine, dearly beloved wife of the .-late
i John Cuddy, and- mother of William Cuddy
and Mrs, P. M. Gartney, and grandmother of
John P., James P., Michael J., Catherine and
Annie Gaffney. a native of Queens County,
: Ireland, aired 75 years.- -.:-...-...--...
E7Friend3 and acquaintances are respeot-
; fully invited to attend the. funeral thia day
, (Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 6 Alice street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
; mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DBLANET-lB this city, January 21 190L Jb-
¦, Eephlne, beloved wife of Nicholas Delaney,
and mother of Nicholas A., William- J,,
Mathew D., Marguerite, Franoes, Thomas F.,
Josephine and Louis E, Delaney, a native oi
Rochester, N. Y., aged -69 years and 7
months. (Philadelphia papers pi ease- copy.)'
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
: dence. 226 Page street, between Octavia and
Lacuna, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
Fell ¦¦ and Flllmore streets, .where • a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment . Holy Cross Cemetery.
DRISCOLL — In this city, January 21, 190L
Michael, beloved hur>band of Mary Driscoll,
and brother of Daniel Driscoll and Mrs. T.
Hurley and the late Patrick Driscoll, a na-
tive of Valencia, County Kerry, Ireland, aged
26 years and 3 months.
t7Remalna at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission 'street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
EGAN— In this city, January a, 1901, at her
home, 406 Octavla street, Mary Eaien E«ran,
mother of John Q., Nellie, Annie and Mar-
tin J. Esrnn and Mrs. Emma Cadwell, MrB.
Franoes Breslin, Mrs. Katherine Gettings
and Mrs. Alice Wood. a«ed 67 years and 10
months.
(T^ Services to-morrow (Wednesday), - at 9
, o'clock, at Sacred. Heart Church, Fell and
Flllmbre streets. Interment St.. Mary' ¦ Cem-
etery, Oakland.
ENESTROM— In this city, January 21, 1901.
Peter Enestro-m. beloved brother of Mrs.
Maria Boderbere. a native of Sweden,' aged
E2 years 2 months and 30 days.
ENGTROM— In the City and County Hoepltal.
January 21, 1901, Peter Engtrom, a native of
Sweden, aged 63 years.
FOX— In this city, January 20, 1901, Thomas
Fox, a native of New York, aged 60 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. O. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to Bt. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
11:40 trains from Third and Townsend streets.
FRIES— In this city, January 19. 1901. Annie,
beloved wife of Harry L. Fries, and beloved
daughter of Timothy Duane and the late
Bridget Duane, and sister of Mrs. V. T. Gil-
christ and James A. Duane, a native of New
York, aged 33 years it months and 2S days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral this Oay
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resU.
dence, 3S Ring old street, off Eighth, between
. Folsom and Harrison, thence to 8t. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Croas
CeTuetery.
PTJRBT- In this city, January 20, 1901, ¦Wil-
liam, beloved brother of John Furey of Mill
Valley, Cal., a native of Ireland, aged 72
years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday, at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Pe-
ter's Church for services, at 10 o'clock." In?
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GORDON— At St. Luke's -Hospital. January 20,
1901, Alexander Chase Gordon, beloved husband
of Melissa D, Gordon, a native of New
Hampshire, aged 76 years 9 months and 18
days.
in?" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
- tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 3 o'clock, at tha National Cemetery, Pre-
sidio.
HAHND-In this city, January 21. 1901.
Babette Hal'ne, beloved mother of Augusta
Hahne and Mrs. W. D. Streo. a native of
Germany, aged 75 years and 2 months.
HENDERSON— In Napa, Cal., January 19, 1901,
Catherine Henderson, a native of Nova Sco-
f.a, aged 70 years 6 months and 4 days.
tC^Friends are respectfully J Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 10
• o'clock,- from the 'parlorB of Craig & Coch-
ran Company, 1 62 and 56 Mint avenue. Inter-
; ment private, at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospital.
January 20, 1901, Louise Johnson, a .native of
. California, aged 31 years.
JONES— In this city, January JO. 190L Mar-
garet, beloved' wife of J. P. Jones, ' mother
.of Mrs. Thomas Nicholls. Mrs. J. P.: Hughes
and Mary Jones, and grandmother of Mrs.
Etta Tumelty and Albert and George Jones
and Laura, Milton. Marguerite and Flossie
Hughes, a native of Wales, aged SO years 5
. months and 7 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 29 Twelfth street, between Market and
Mission. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
LASCIAN (Brother)— Friends and acquaintances
are respectfully invited to attend a solemn
requiem mass- (month's mind) for the repose
of the soul of Brother Lascian, former direc-
tor of St. Peter's School, which will be cele-
brated at Bt' Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth
and Alabama streets, to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock. .' .;.'._
LETTUNICH — In Kosavle, Austria. January 15,
190L Nicholas Dldan Lettunlch, father ¦ of
Martin N, and , Peter • N. Lettunlch of this
city, aged CS years 2, months and 8 days.
LYNCH— In this city, January 20, ¦ 1901, Sarah
Theresa. Lynch, beloved daughter of Georga
J. and Busle Lynch, a native of San Fran-
cl«co, aged 2 years and 2 months.
EJr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral this day
(Tuesday), fit 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1133^4 Howard street.
McCLOSKEY— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 21, 1901, 1 James McCloekey, a
native of Oregon, aged 44 years. •
McKINNON-+ln Oakland, at 1303 Seventh ave-
nue, January, 21, 1901. Alexander McKinnon,
beloved husband of Caroline McKinnon. ; a
natlvo of .Canada, aged 69 years 8 months and
16 days.'-': .¦ i'X - ¦- .,"-.: -•-¦', -¦."• ¦;•... •¦< ¦-. .^~-
MoMANUS-In this city, January 20. 1901, Wil-
liam H. McManus. beloved husband of Ella
McManus. and-: father,, of Bthel McManus,
and • brother of > James - McManus and Mrs.
' William 1 Philips,' a' native of Drumeshambo.
County - Leltrim, - Ireland, aged 46 years. ' .-
(ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother,- Seventh and Caatro
streets, Oakland, thence to the Church of
Immaculate Conception, where a requiem
mass will be Celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 1 9 ¦ o'clodk. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland/ ¦¦¦'.':
McM ASTER— In Oakland. January 20, 1901.
Frances W. McMaster, beloved sister of
James W.; William and -Joseph McMaster, a
native of Alameda, Cal., aged 33 years and 8
¦ months. '- > ¦ »» ; -
fry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her brother's
residence, 872 Henry street., Interment Moun-
: tain View Cometery, Oakland. . : • . •
MEADS— Near 'Alvlso, . Cal.. January 16, 1901,
J. Wessle Meads, beloved son of John W.
and Agnes L. ' Meads, : and brother of Walter
1:, Alfred C,. Norman L. and Daisy Meads
and Mrs. William Selby. a natlv» of Califor-
nia, aged 22 years and 8 months. ¦
MOCICER— In this city, ": January 21, 1901. ' Wil-
liam H. Mocker, ; beloved husband of May
Mocker, and father of Leland Mocker, ana
son of Maria and the late ., William Mocker,
a. native of Ban Francisco, ' aged 45yeaxs. .,
MORRISSBT— In this city, January 21,' 1901,
.Alloe Morrlssey, a. native of Ireland, aged 62
;' ; . years. ;::•-:;- -¦ :•';;- ¦ '_¦' / '.¦'. . ; ¦>• :
ORR— In this city, January 19. 1901, George A
• beloved husband of Victoria Orr, and 1 father
of Victoria and Georgette Orr, and eldest
son of Elizabeth and the late James Orr a
native of; New York:. '
ICTFrlends , and acquaintances are respect-
i ' fully invited^ to^ attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 828 : Greenwich street, thence to 8t
B Francis ¦ Church,' . corner of Montgomery ave^
nue and .Vallejo street, where a solemn re-"
qulenvmaso will, be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock, "iater-
/ ment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric funeral
-car from Eighteenth and < Guerrero streets. .
QUINN— In thlsV city.' January «1, 190L Patriclc
relict of the late Mary, Qulnn, and father oi
James Quinn, : a native of County Wexford
Ireland, aged 61. yearo.- ':.¦ '
c - (CTHemains at the parlors of- J. c. O'Con-
nor & Co., * 767 Mission street. - Notice of
hereafter. ' ;' :: •• ¦¦¦
RADKE— In this city, January 20, 1901, Robert
| Radke, beloved husband of the late Gretchen
¦ Radke, - and father of Albert, William • Ed-
¦'¦• ward, • Richard, "-..' August and Minnie Radke
and Mrs. C. ' N. ; Plckett and Mrs. H H
¦ Adams, . a , native of Germany, aged : 75 years
" 2 months and 25 > days. ''¦'¦' J- :¦'¦ ¦¦:¦' : •¦.* • .*
I ¦ - (ETThe funeral serVlces •will take place this
¦day; (Tuesday),, at * 1; o'clock, '."at- 603 ¦ Polk
street.. 'Interment Mount Olivet "Cemetery by
eleetrlc ; car . from '. Eighteenth >. and i Guerrero
' streets.. . .: ¦ ... "¦¦.;.". y ' ;""¦ :-;:.;.¦--. .-
REILLY — In - San Rafael,' ¦- January .-• 20, 1901.
.Matthew .W.,i beloved husband -of. Annie
...Reilly, andfather of Bernioe Reilly,' and ; son
, of Katherine and the :• late I Bernard • Reilly
a - native " of s San . Rafael, aged 30 years and
" ,11 months. -. . : . .. •• '¦•.,- . ... ; • ; •.•"-'¦, -.*,¦¦ -.--.- :
' : ¦ C?Triends v and acquaintances are ; respect-
fully invited to attend; the. funeral to-morrow
•. (Wednesday),. at 2 o'clock.. from his late resl-
' dence. Third street. <- thence r . to • St. : Raphael' s
*. Church for services. . -Interment • Mpunt Olivet
: : Cemetery. •:;¦,'•." -"i -v., r ¦ ; ¦ . ¦ . - -.. •. .
SEIBERT— In this -city, at Waldeck - Sanato-^
BAZLWAY TRAVEL.
Rolling
Inn
Swift and splendid rolling on
the California Limited
8an Francisco to Chicago
In 75 hours
Santa Fe
MttUTMKKa rAt'iric ronriii.
- (p*oinc ststsm.)
Trains Imtf mxl nr* rtu* «• arrlf • •! /
WAN KK4><:i<i('O. '
(Main Line. Foot o( Uarkat Street)
LSAYB — From January 1. 1301. — »»»m
7:3Oi Bei-id*. Bulsnn, Elmira, VicaTlUa,
Komsey aud 8tieramauto TilJr
7UM>A DstU. Woodland. KnighU Laadins.
MaxitTlUe. orufltle. Ti«3p
t:»O« Atlantio Kiprets— Ogden and East 13;19r
»:0i» a MarMnei, si»u lUmou, Vallejo. J»*p*.
CilisUigi *iid .i»nt» Rosa OllSp
H:OOa NUe», Livcnnor*, Inci, Lathxop,
Stockton 7d3r
S:3O* Sbute ( ipri»«-Dt.Tij. WUHama ( for
Bartiett ScriogsX WUlows, £ad
Btuff, Porsund. 7il5f
•iSSja San Jme, Lliermorc. Stock tan. ,-
Inue, .Hucriineuio. Pl»c«tUIe.
M»ri**nw, Chioo. lint Itlu.T 4t|!«r
SiSOa O»ka»lf, Chinese, souor», Carters... 4il3r
UittttA Hujw»nld. Niks and Way stttiom. I 1:13a
»:0«a Lew Angeie* Exvress — Martinez.
Trj.cy. l*tiirop. S'OckSon. Merced
Fraano >ud iso* Angelea 7tl3r
•J::tOA Valirjo, Martluez ana Way HtaMons Bi4.tp
10:00a The Ore/Und Limited— Ogdea, Den-
w, Omaha, t'hieasa f;4i r
IIiOOa Kilva. Htockton. >S«cramrntir. Man-
doti. Fresno. lUuford. Vlsklia,
Torwrwilie »• 4ll»»
11:00a UTermore, Sasger, Gosheii^Jna»
Uon, Baktrttelil. Los Angeler.....
1 1 s«O p Siicraiuxiitu lit ver litaitHimii f 3 iOO »
3:«<>p ilijmth, Kil«B ami \V.j Stitlom. S:4.1r
4i*«r Mnjrtiticx. H>u lUnon, V»;ieja. x
2U|«i, t;»li«r.><*. Saut* lto»» »iH»
4>ot»r Beuicia, Wictcrs, Haeramento,
Wouiltaiid. Kulghti Lauding.
M«rx»<lli>, OrovUle I«>4Sa
4i3»p Hajrvaida. "¦itlC'iai"! Han Jose !*:»•"»*
»:OOp KUes, LiTennore, Stockton. LodI ... JUiia.v
o3:00p&aiwet Limited, El P*w, Sow
Orleans and East eliliU*
3:0OpTha Owl Limited— Tracy. s*i«8oo.
Bakersfleld. Haagiia for tianta Bar-
bara. Ix>» Ana»lM 1«i13a
StOOr Now Orleaot EiDress— Bakersfeld.
MtnU lUrlura. Ltis Angeles, JJeui*
in?, El Pt*O, Mew Orleius aud
Fii-t i i T»4*A
QiOOr Haywarda. Siies and San Jon V*4»Si
t«:O«r Vallejo I 1:45*.
OiOtfr Orleuul Mail— Ogden, Chejenne,
Omaha, Chicsgo 12:13r
6:00p Orlectal Jlali— Ogden, Denier.
Omaha, Chloaao. 4tl9r
7iOOr Oragou and California Kzprass.Hao.
r»in«iito, Marjsillla, UeiMinr,
I>ortlmi<l, Pug«k HoumiI «ml Kuk 8i€9a
Sin.irBan Pablo, Port Costa, Mutlnea
and Wu Htations llt4»A
l»»«ap Vallfjo 7M8F
t'OiVl' DIVISION (.tarron (iauge).
(Footo(iI.rkct3U»et.>
• itli Newark. CVn tniUls, 8ao J oao. Fctton,
Baalder Creek, rt an t a Urui and Way
BUUods •••••>
fit I3p Newark. CenterTitle, San Jose, New
Almadeo, Fulton, HnnMer Creek.
Santa Crui and l'rinclp&I Way
Stations »¦••»•»
' «il»p Newark. Han Joa*. Los Gatoa SiSwa
a9:30p Hunter*" Exeunicn. Saa Jcse and
Wsy8Utions yit99r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TrimHi r»»S01SS0— f»«t •( Marktt Slrut (3!i» S) —
t7:18 0.00 ILCOa.m. 1:03 3:33 !:Hm«.
rrifflOIIUIB— FMl«fBrMd»ij.— 1«:00 |el:00 t3s0S
10;00«.ll. 13:03 3:83 1:03 8:13p.M.
COAST NIV1S1O.1 (Uroatl (iaugt).
(Third mid To.»n»«i»i SU.)
fflilOA Ocetu Vieir, ftoutu n»n Vrancixeit. . \iH,Hii>
7:00a 8a» Joss ami Way .St«tl..im (New
Afinadan Wed>ie«dajs only) l>S»p
»i«»* Han Jos*. Trra t'iiios. Hunt* Cms.
Pacific Urojo. I'm Hiibles. Uan
Luis Ol>i«i>o, 9ntf, Loiapoc aud
Principal W»T SUtlims 4tlw«
lot-lo* Ban Jnsa and Way Htations. AiSSa
¦ 1i»Ua Mau Jose »ml War -SUtioua ftt»0p
t'Ji-l-ip S»ii Matso, Bedwood. Menlo Park.
y Palo Alto, tUnta Clara, San Jose,
Ties Pino*. 8«nta Crux. Salinas.
Montersy and Paelfla GroTe HOiartA
t«:S*P Saa Jose aud Way Stations 7sS»p
H>13p San JdnsaiKt Principal Way Stations »>-*3a
«3:OOp San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Buttons !»»••»
3tS0p San Jose aud Prlacinal Way Stations HsM*
M:»»pBanJaaaand Way .Stations fSiOtt*
all;43p 8an Jusaautl Way Statious .' «»»f
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
f Snnday eieepted. X Sw4ay only.
g Mondays. W«doe*1» T*. Fridars-
« Tnoadays, Thnratlajs. Saadaja. ¦
a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTB¥£STEBN RT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND KiiRTH" PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market SC
finn Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBTJRON FEKKI-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33. 1:30.
s:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at U:3«l
p. tn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 aa 1
11:50 a m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. t:SO. 11:00 a. m.: 1:80. 8:30. S.-0O.
«:» p. nu
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK U**S— «ao. 7:60. »:20, 11:1!) a. m.; 13:4a»
IMO. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:U
and 6:35 p. m.
8UNDAYS— S;10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 1:40. S:03»
6:15 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park.
samo. schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arriv»
Pan Francisco. I Not. 7. 1900. I San Franelaoo.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Deetlnation. | days. | Days..
7:39 am 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 ami 8:40 a ta
9:39 pm * :30 am Petaluma. I 1:06 pm [10:35 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Ttosa. ) 7:35 pm] 6:22 pm
Fulton. I
7:30 am Windsor. I*:t5 aa
Healdsburj-,
Lytton,
Ocyserrtlle,
t:tO pai >:0O am Cloverdala. T:<8 pm <:g pm
1:10 ami f Hopland T I
( 8:00 and Uklaa. f 7:» pm| 9:a pm
7:20 am j | 110:25 am
8:00 ami Gaeraeville. 1:35 pm
S:30 pm I . . l:fipm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma' I 9:15 ami 8:« am
I aad I ,
6:10 pmf 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I (:06 pm' 8:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am! 110:40 am U'j25 am
1:30 pm| 6:00 pml Ssbastopol. I 7:35 pml 6:33 pm
Stages connect at Sar.ta Rosa for Mark West
Sprlnra and White Sulphur SprtaEs; at Fulton
(or AHrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Sprincs; at
Oeyservlll* (or Skapsi Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Eprtngs, Highland Sprlngrs. Kelseyvllla, Carls-
toadi Springs, Soda Bay. Lakepqrt and Bartlett
Bprlnns; at XTkiah for Vichy Sprinss. Sara to**
Epricss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
gprinr/a. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. 14erley*». Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville.Orr's Hot Sprinjat
Xcndodna City. Fort Brass. Westport. Usal.
Vr'illetts, Laytonvtlle. Cammlnrs. Bell's Eprlara.
Harris, Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
« Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
4uced rates.
On Kundayi. round-trip tickets to all i points
b«yond San Rafael at half ratrs.
. Ticket office, 660 Market st. Chronic! • bnU<U
Ins;. • R. X RTAN,
H. C WH1TTJTO. O«n. Pas*. A«t.
Gen. Manager.
MOUHTfTAHALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leaves San Francisco, via causallto Farry:
WEEK DAYS »:U a. m. ; l:ii and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS. „.... 8:00. 10;00. 11:30 aad 1:15 p. m.
Fare. Ean Francisco to Summit and return,
n 40. . -'.
NETV TAVERN OF TAMALPA1S NOW OFEM.
Ttckft nfflt— » «T* \T»rfr»t «t.. San«wTtfr> Yrrrr.
Y^7%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^^pfjM <»-•* KEAB.VT ST. Established
|K*jf*T|2»tn 1934 for the treatment of Prlvata
TAJJhk $3ti Diseases. U*t Jlanbood. Debilltr or
•htSScwSHi' 1 '-'** 9 ** wearinf on hodyaati mind aad
•>< ; Sf^Crt i^ skln I>ispa3es- The Doctor curntwtiea
liiltrrilisTsii "'*'"'* * a "« Tr y h ' ra - Charges low.
IniTiTiTisJrt'" ¦! uiti i il Cull or writ*.
Dr. J. F. <il BBOX, San Fraacisco, Cal. *
Chicago
in 3 Days
San Francisco At 70 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-lV&siern Line
T~\OU~BLB Dratsmg-T^oom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Library
¦*—^ Cars, with barbsr. Dining Cars-
meals 0 I* carte. "Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every weth from San Fr»ncisco
at 6 p. m. The best of everything.
. R. R. RITCHIE
617 Market St. General AftrWraelfla Coast
Palace JtoUl 8 A X FSAKCncOCentral.
tablished themselves as prime favorites
and last night after the conclusion of
their stunt they were recalled. The sketch
Is clever and amusing and Miss Braham,
'who has the advantage of a charming
face and figure,, shows that she would
shine in a more conspicuous part. Billy
Link and the biograph presenting a series
of new. views conclude the bill.
EDUCATIONAL, LEAOTJE
ADOPTS RESOIiTJTiqNS
; ,The Taxpayers', Educational League at
a • meeting last night adopted resolutions
.. . »¦.--¦ - i
Mrs. Rose Sparber, ' 11 Tehama street,
secured a warrant from "Judge Cabanlss
yesterday for the arrest of her ? husbanvl,
Henry Sparber, on the charge of. battery .-
She Bald that Sunday , night he,- choked
her and struck her. several times on .the
face. *. ' ' . ' .. ¦ /':--.. ' :-. ; ,
Choked, by Her. Husband.
.The Retail Clerks commenced an active
campaign ; last -night ,. when • they visited
the ; retail houses • on v |Kearny '¦¦¦'. and Third
streets and declared /a' boycott -: on those
they found open. •¦ -\ -. : . - , -• ¦ i ¦¦- y •. v ¦
This .boycott means that no "union man
will be able: to: buy goods in these stores
under penalty of a severe fine for an in
fraction , of ; the , boycott rules. ; Some ; time"
ago ? the Retail r. Clerks - sent out - warning
of their intended move to the retail stores
of this city. "4 >¦-.;• :.-..¦
BETATL CLERKS START
ON ACTIVE CAMFAION
Many Store s ' Are : Boycotted by the
Union; ;, Which^Inaugurates
Aggressive Tactics. ,
Forty department ..heads of , the ; Empo
rium ¦ and Rule! Bazaar * accepted
the; Invitation*. to, =¦ Mr. Henry f-Dernham's
farewellfbanquet'. at- the :? Poodle Dog last
evening." - Mr. • Dernham, ;i who is : the treas
urer,of, the big :" store,' leaves in a few, days
for a r trlp ! to- Italy and other parts- of Eu
rope.;ori~ an : eight. months' ' leave of - ab^
sence'. -y ;¦ ¦..". '/"'-- ", ?''' '¦' : - *-'*-"•*"-¦?$'¦'. t
The' elaborate 1 banquet: • to which 'the
managers;. sat down, at .6:30 p. m:*lasted
nearly three hours,- and was followed. by a
number t of r bright ¦:'- speeches • and ' appro
priate and.wltty toasts. "' .. • ,.• • .,.. . .
•• Toward » the - close , of - the; . evening Mr. 1
Dernham "was presented: with a powerful
marine? glass by : the .; managers present.
On' the -inside = . cover of- the. case was a
massive silver. plate suitably inscribed ¦>'¦¦
.; It is affairs of this klpd. that, bring em
ployer, and ' employes : closer, together ; that
increase the mutual good will and respect:
that'help: in =more -one- to
strengthen .the;; business 'enterprise in
which all are engaged. .
Emporium Meet . at the Festal
Forty" Department Managers ; of the
a;: jolly \ dinner.
Against Him.
The trial ;of Dr. Ralph A. Huntingdon
on the charge of murder In. connection
with the death of Miss Jennie McKowr.
the. young 'girl:' to '.whom* he '.was engaged.
Is. drawing.- to < a- close in Judge Lawlor'a
court. ¦ Yesterday the evidence for the
prosecution and for the'defense was con
cluded and the arguments of counsel' will
be heard to-day. A peculiar Incident yes
terday was the Issuance of an attachment
for Dr. T.'B.,W: Leland. the new Coroner..
It was given to a policeman to serve and
the Coroner was brought into court." ';
- When-the i case -was - called - yesterday
Mrs. Belle McCottrey, ¦ sister of , the dead
girl,- was subjected to a severe cross-ex •
amination by- ex-Judge. Ferral, but her
evidence was not much shaken. Dr. J. D.
Hill testified. -to being: called in- by- the de
fendant to adminster the anesthetic to
the r girl. .Coro per. Leland \ was , recalled
and - the prosecution closed. . *-"fBSR"JGC :
• Dr. .¦ ,Winslow Anderson , and several
other medical : men- testified > that "If was
not-unusual to perform the; operation of
curetting in a physician's office. ,; ,
, .The' defendant took the stand and made
a general denial of the allegations. - He
was not cross-examined.
Defendant Testifies ' and \ Makes a
'¦ General Denial of Allegations-
McKOWTT MURDER - TRIAL
• DRAWING TO A CLOSE
Warburton's side of the story Is that
out of friendship for Reilly's dead father
he tried to reform John and make a man
of him; that he; has done hundreds of fa
vors-for the Reilly family; that Matt
Reilly, owed* him borrowed
money; that he beat John Reilly because
he had < lied about •¦. him . and • started ¦ the
scandalous story;* that Matt supported
his brother, and that both on many occa
sions threatened to kill '.him.. .With calm
ness and confidence the accused awaits
his. trial. .-'¦¦•.-. ••¦; .:>.¦-
bruising his side.. Reilly. struggled to his
feet after his assailant had departed and
In • the . blindness of his | rage he told the
bystanders a story, that shocked as quick
.ly.as It spread through the community.
He sought the> services of a night watch
man tc see him to the family home, 'as he
said • Warburton would . try. to kill him.
Here is where * Matthew/ Reilly took the
part that resulted ! In his . death. It • Is
stated that after the assault' Matt went
to Warburton and told him to-leave John
alone, and not speak to 'him; -that- he 'was
going to put him ; to work in '. his shop
when he cams back, -he having left town
for a few days to let things be forgotten.
Last Saturday afternoon "Warburton
met John - Reilly on . Fourth ' street and
started to address him. Reilly ran Into
a laundry,- and : when he emerged later
Warburton ¦ again • addressed « him. John
said, "I don't want to "talk to you. I've
been told to say nothing to you."
.'-When seen, at 'the jail Warburton says
that at that meeting, John threatened to
kill him. The .'prosecution have • several
witnesses who will swear that Warburton
exhibited -his pistol after the meeting and
said. "Reilly will: get -this." It will be
the' theory of the . prosecution that Matt
Ilellly. when. he. was -shot, .was about to
ask Warburton to leave his brother alone.
William J. Kirkwood, a telegraph oper
ator, was found dead yesterday afternoon
in his room at 607 Eddy street. Kirkwood
was recently I released from the Insane
asylum j at - Stockton and on his: arrival
in this city went to, a former residence
and applied for a room. - Because of his
previous attempt to : commit suicide arid
other strange acts he was refused. On
Wednesday last he hired the room in
which he died. ' ; -' : \
Sunday evening he- asked" the proprie
tor of the house not to wake him until -3
o clock the following ; day, as he had
considerable writing to do and would not
retire until late: . When the landlord
knocked at Klrkwood's door and received
no response /he entered through a Bide
window and found the , man dead. Cir
cumstances indicate -that Kirkwood com
mitted suicide. On a table .was an enve
lope containing $8 addressed to i Mrs.' E.
J. Moore of 1422 Larkin street.. Consider
able poison was also found in his' trunk.
The body was taken to the Morgue, where
Dr. Bacipalupi , gave i as < his opinion that
death was caused -by, cyanide' of .potas
si"m._ The stomach will be sent to the
City Chemist for analysis. Kirkwood was
50 years of^agre. :>*>¦• :
William J. Kirkwood Takes Poison
and Is Found 3>ead in a-j'v;^
Lodging-House.
TEI/EGRAPH OPERATOR
COMMITS : SUICIDE
OSCAR FRANK. WHO CON
TRIBUTES A SPECIALTY TO
THE PROGRAMME.
" President,' Mrs. M. Samuel;, vice president,
Mrs. M. Davidson: treasurer, Mrs. M. L. Ash
er: secretary, Mrs. H. Llppman; trustees. Mrs.
L. Bremer. Mrs. J; Prescott, Mrs. M. i Getz,
Mrs. H. . EDPlniter aM ' Mrs. P. N. Aronson;
councilman, J. Bremer, P. . N. Aronson and L.
Bremer.' ... .. .. •
i At the annual meeting of the Ladles'
United Hebrew Benevolent" Society the
following officers were elected:
Hebrew Benevolent Society.
TO-NIGHT'S the night of the.bene
fit . to the Francesca Training
School which a number of tal
ented amateurs are to give In Na
tive Sons' Hall. The programme
is as good as the cause for which it Is
given and comprises some of the best
local talent. The proceeds are to be used
to equip a cooking school.
Oscar Frank, the well-known vocalist,
will give his imitation of the Bowery
boy. George Hammersmith will have
something to make the audience forget
its troubles. Tom Hickey will thrill in
recitations. Miss Irene McLouth is to
sing Scotch songs with real Highland ac
cent, and many others will give of. their
best for charity.
The number of which most is expected,
however, is "A Pair of Lunatics," a farce
with screaming situations and full of
bright lines. It will serve as a medium
to introduce May Sullivan and Alfred Mc-
Kinnon,. whoso talents run to comedy and
who have had lots of experience. ,
At this stage of. the story W. F. War
burtori appears— a large, . powerful " man,
educated, of fine presence and the Droorle
tor of the Cypress Villa, one of the finest
and best patronized > boarding places in
this, city, numbering among- its guests
Eummer visitors and people in allfhe bet
ter walks of life..: W.-'F.. Warburton met
John .Reilly. ;, He took him to the villa,
dressed him in good ' clothes, " gave him
money and maintained him.- Upon occa-
I slons when John was recovering from the
effects of a debauch, • Warburton- would
carry his meals. ;In the villa and on the
streets they were - Inseparable . com
panions. People, began to ; comment upon
i W arburton's strange choice, of a'com
panion. This state of affairs continued
until about seven weeks ago. Here the
stories conflict. Some eay that Matthew
got a promise from his brother John that
he would leave the villa.
One evening, about that time, .Warbur
ton started on a hunt for his protege,
John Reilly. He followed him to three
saloons in this city and at last caught
him at the corner of Fourth and A streets
and knocked - him down and kicked him
across the sidewalk, tearing his face and
It appears that in the Reilly ¦ family
are several brothers, the deceased being
. the eldest. ! The father died some years
ago and Matthew stepped Into his place
and cheerfully assumed tho responsibility
that fell' upon his shoulders, though he
¦was barely of age .at the" time. His
brother' John was the next oldest and was
about six years his Junior. ¦ In time Mat
thew learned the horseshoer/s trade. • He
married, started business for himself and
prospered.- He -was quiet," peaceable and
Industrious, and had many friends. His
brother. John grew up and was widely
different. •'He was wild. He drank, and
when drinking quarreled: . , - • „ <t
Many times Matt" came to tho rescue of
his younger brother and saved him from
the penalty "of some wrongdoing. When
all others gave up the re/ormation of
John Reilly, his brother,' Matt only clung
the- closer. • • ' ¦ . • . •¦¦••..
Back of Saturday night's killing is an
old stftry and a strange , one. ' old,* be
cause for months, whether; true or un
true, it has. floated about. this city on the
waves of gossip, and strange because it
tells of great depravity.
The killing of Matt_ Reilly . Saturday
night forms one of the concluding chap
ters and the end of the trial of his slayer
will form the last.
SAN' RAFAEL, Jan. 21.— The funeral of
Matthew Reilly, who was shot Saturday
night by W. F. Warburton. will take place
to-morrow afternoon from his home in
this city. Extensive preparations have
been made and it will probably be one of
the largest funerals ever seen here. The
military company under Captain Cheda
will attend In force. The deceased was
for many years a member of the com
pany.
The inquest was held by Coroner Eden
this morning and the jury, after listening
to the evidence of several eye-witnesses,
returned a -verdict finding that deceased
came to his' death from a gunshot wound
inflicted by Warburton. The latter was
afterward served with a warrant in -the
County. Jail charging him i with \ murder.
William Shannon,. who s conducts the
place where the shooting. occurred,, testi-^
tied . that. Reilly approached , Warburton
and asked to speak to him for a minute.
Warburton refused and told him- to -go
away. Reilly was insistent and repeated
his request, at the same " time stepping
slightly forward. Warburton then tired.
Thomas Keogh, another witness, ' told
practically the same story. -The wit
nesses testified that. Reilly.'s manner was
not threatening at the time.
Gavi His Life" to Protect
and Shield Wayward
Brother.
DEATH REWARD
OF HIS DEVOTION
When confronted with • the evidence of
her guilt, Mrs. Ross broke down and made
a complete: confession.'- . "' - •'¦¦ • i '¦• ¦¦• '¦'- ?
- While Bhe- was '.being booked the prison
officials' recognized her as the, woman who
acfew. nights ago. was; picked ; up on
Kearny street contiguous' to the Hall of
Justice. V She had. a three-year-old;- boy
with her, whom she claimed was her son.
As > she told a ; plausible story, of, being
penniless and unable to support her child.
Police Officer "Jim". Cavanaugh. who had
accosted her, took her and her alleged off
spring 'to the City where they
were given temporary- shelter. -The fol
lowing day the child 'Was turned 'over to
the Superintendent- of the Society for the
Prevention" of, Cruelty • to .Children' and
subsequently sent to 1 a charitable lnstitu
: The detectives to-day ,> expect to obtain
sufficient evidence: against the woman to
warrant: them In placing several charges
of burglary, against her. .', . . :
Armed with only the description of the
female house breaker, Ryan and O'Dea
recognized her as she was walking along
Mission street : last night and placed her
under arrest, j After considerable trouble
they located her room* and found a' lot of
articles which' she had stolen.
Carefully guarded in the matron's room
In the City Prison is a ' woman who, the
police claim, is an adept burglar. Her
name, so she says, is Mrs. Ross. She was
arrested last night by Detectives Ryan
and O'Dea and her name registered on the
"small" book. In her room In a south of
Market street lodging-house the detectives
found a trunk filled with stolen property,
awaiting shipment to come other city.
For several weeks the woman has oper
ated with considerable success, her booty
amounting to several hundred dollars.
Her scheme was to select a house which
she thought was easy to enter, take up a
position on the I other side of the street
and await a. favorable opportunity to en
ter, with the aid of a skeleton key. A
few days ago- she was surprised while
ransacking a house in the 'Western Addi
tion by one of the occupants. Taking a
book from. her pocket, which she claimed
she was selling:, she announced that she
was a book agent, and after profusely
apologizing she left the house. She had
been gone only a few minutes, when the
woman of the house discovered that her
gold watch and chain- and some other ar
ticles were missing. She at once tele
phoned to police headquarters, giving a
good description of. the woman and ask
ing that every effort be made to arrest
her.
After Committing a Series
of Crimes She Is Finally
Caught.
WOMAN BURGLAR
IN CITY PRISON
At 4 o'clock In the afternoon of Febru
ary 7, Dr. Cullen F. Welty of Cleveland
and Miss Eleanor Wood of San Francisco
will become husband and wife. The cere
mony will be performed in St. Luke's
Episcopal Church, corner of Clay street
and Van Ness avenue, in > this city, by
Bishop Whittaker. • It will be a magni%
cent affair.
The bride is a member of one of the
best and wealthiest families in San Fran
cisco, and one of the" belles of "society.
Her father is William Sidney Wood,- a
member of the law firm of Lloyd & Wood,
and one . of the most noted corporation
lawyers on the Pacific Coast.
The story of the four years' courtship
is a romantic one. It is an Impressive
Illustration of tho old adage, "Where
there's a will there's a way." Four years
ago Miss, Wood went to Cleveland to visit
her cousin. Miss Isabella Armstrong,
daughter of Major W. W. Armstrong, of
627 Prospect street. There Dr. Welty met
her. He .fell in love with her at once.
She remained in the city only ten days
and then went back to California. A year
later Miss Wood again visited Cleveland*
and Dr. Welty sought her out and visited
her several times during her short stay
there. He had not written to her once
during the year, and Miss Wood little
knew how very much he idolized her and
how determined he was to win her love.
Aft 5 r a ' ew days Mlss Woo<1 teft Cleve
land and went to Tlffln to visit other rela
tives. Dr. Welty learned that she was
still nead and he went to Tlffln. He sent
Sf r uf n °K e as H n £. her for the Privilege of
visiting her. and his request was granted.
The coming wedding is the result? .
t^i n l e ,l n William S. Wood,
•ffghrat O^ e m^: eleCt : decla ~* Ws.del
wT/ on ? wl L at I can hear." said he. "Dr.
Welty ; is the : son-in-law I should most
E^STm * am fc deM F h ted that my daugh
hanri?" her future into such good
Romance of Cleveland and
San Francisco Ends
Happily.
THEY WILL MARRY
NEXT FEBRUARY
WILL SING AND DANCE
FOR SWEET CHARITY
Franeesca Society of St. Ignatius Church
Beneficiary of Clever Performance.
Judge M. Cooney. chairman: William Hen
derson. D. R. McNeil", "W. H. BodSah and
John MonTatt.
Indorsing the bill now before the Legis
lature which provides for the erection
and support of a San Francisco State
Normal School. Resolutions were also
adopted asking the city to donate a site
for the school building.
Judge Cooney. who has taken great In
terest in the proposed school, and used
every effort to secure, favorable legisla
tion, reported progress and thanked tho
members for their hearty support. The
following committee was appointed to
further th« plans of the leairue:
It has been finally decided that the de
bate between the students of th» Hast
ings Law College and the University of
Nevada shall take place In Reno Febru
ary 22. Th© speakers selected to repre
sent the Hastings Law College are C. J.
Hansen, Lawrence O'Nell and William
Weyand. The Judges to b« sent from San
Francisco are Superior Judges Murasky
and Dunne and J. H. Deeringr. The sub
ject of the debate will be "Resolved, That
municipalities should own and operate
plants for the supply of light, water and
surface transportation."
"Will Debate in Reno.
tination.
A monster dredger has been shipped
from the RLsdon Iron Works to the Ber
rim Gold Dredging Company at Aehantl,
South Africa- This shipment is of great
significance. The dredger weighs more
than 100 tons. The cost of shipping will
be $3VK>. although the machine's total
value is said to be only $20,000.
Six months ag-o the company sent an
engineer here to buy a dredger. The Ris
don Iron Works was given the order and
the dredger has been shipped.
A unique feature of this dredger is the
fact that it can be taken to pieces and
pzek^d on muieback to its destination. It
mupt also traverse two miles of sea on
t-urf boats before it can be set ashore.
MeFsrs. Rolfe and Bean, mechanics, were
f-e-nt along to put the machine in running
ordor.
MONSTER DREDGER SENT
TO AFRICAN GOLD FIELDS
Risdoa Iron Works Snips the Big
Machine to Its Distant Des-
.0 dramatization that attempts to
w f cover the time covered by a
R m long novel can be anything
¥\ I but a succession of scenes, the
I \l connection between which must
I Vj be supplied by the knowledge
I \ or the imagination of the audl-
M ence. Jf a representation of
p this kind gives pleasure, It Is
a success and there is no more
to be said, except that this is
not a play in th* true sense of the word.
A true play tells its story with unity,
with logic, with propriety of character
motivation. Pinefo's "The Gay Lord"
Is a true play; Dumas" "Diane de "Lys"
is a true play; Mr. Langdon Mitchell's
"Becky Sharp" Is not a true play— but
It contains some Interesting scenes.
Among these interesting scenes one can
hardly count the first act, which Is saved
from utter flatness only by the excellent
acting of Miss Mary Barker as Miss
Crawley, and of Mr. Ferguson as Sir Pitt.
The second act, at the Duchess of Rich
mond's bail. Brussells, is a brilliant if
somewhat confused panorama of the
events of Waterloo eve, across which flits
the erratic figure o# Becky Sharp. The
play proper hardly begins until the third
act, which shows Rawdon Crawley hard
pressed for debt, Becky trying to cajole
money out of every man she meets and
Lord Steyne making love to her. This
act is awkwardly cut into two scenes,
the second of which represents the fam
ous supper of Becky and Lord Steyne
with Rawdon's unexpected return and the
rout of the Marquis. The fourth act
gives us Becky down on her luck in a
shabby German lodging house, her rescue
by Sir Pitt and Lady Jane, with Intima
tion of her liaison with Joseph Sedley.
It Is in this last act, which is pure com
edy, that Mrs. Fiske appears at her best.
Her high, sharp, metallic voice and her
brisk personality fit her far better for
light than for serious work. In comedy,
too, her native sense of humor gets full
opportunity, and her highly artificial art
appears least artificial. She still labors
under the delusion that you can get real
istic effects by turning your back on half
the audience and speaking Into the wings,
and that a speed of two hundred and fifty
words a minute is necessary - to anima
tion. Strange that so clever and accom
plished an artiste should refuse to ac
cept two of the most elementary conven
tions that are absolutely necessary for
the art of the theater!
The play Is beautifully staged and the
support adequate. Mr. Gillmore as Raw
don Crawley started weak and finished
strong. Admirably done, also, were the
sketches — they could be little more — of
Amelia by Miss McGllvray, of Dobbin by
Mr. Conneirs and of George Osborne by
Mr. Gerson.
"Vanity Fair" can never be on the
stage what It is in the book — never, that
is, until we get a dramatist of genius
equal to Thackeray's as a novelist. But
Mrs. Fiske's version Is a courageous and
Intelligent attempt to accomplish the im
possible and as such is well worth seeing.
"Th» Star Boarder" drew another
crowded house at the Alhambra last
night. The comedians kept everybody
laughing, while the chorus and, specialist.-)
rounded out a splendid evening's enter
tainment. T
cedo, in her globe walking; Dave Barton
in coon songs; Godfrey, aerial balancer,
and new moving pictures are pleasing.
Alhambra. v
The Alcedos made their first appearance
last night and scored a hit in their com
edy sketch entitled "On Parade." Oro,
Bernard & Oro, old-time favorites. . made
their reappearance. Introducing some
clever specialties and concluding with a
funny burlesque boxing act. Willette
Charters has a pleasing voice: Mile. Al-
Chutes.
Fischer's Concert-house was packed last
night and the Waterman sisters, ragtime
singers; Ahern and Patrick, Irish come
dians and eccentric dancers, and Ida
Howell. a piquant seriocomic, made es
pecial hits. Little Alma Wuthrich. the
toe dancer, and Hanlon and Singer, flying
ring performers, have been seen here be
fore and they duplicated their former suc
cesses. Hal Conlett Is a clever Irish
monologist, while Hinrichs' orchestra is
up to its usual high standard.
Fischer's Concert House.
Belmour, Frank Opperman, Stanley Ross
and Oza Waldrop are congenially cast
and help make up the splendid ensemble.
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
ACT 3, "BECKY SHARP"— MRS. RAWDON CRAWLEY (MRS. MINNIE MADDERN FISKE) AND RAWDON CRAW
LEY (MR. FRANK GILLMORE) DISCUSSING THE PROBLEM OF HOW TO LIVE ON AN INCOME OF NOTH
ING A TEAR-
Maud Williams has a arrateful part, and
sings acceptably the Francesca. daughter
of the fencing master. Bernice Holmss
made her reappearance at -the Tivoli as
the Marchesa Goldonl, * and sansr very
sweetly the one song allotted her. Julie
Cotte and Annie Myers axe also happlly
cast. and an augmented chorus with
some original evolutions and dances com
pletes the good programme of the week.
Webb's make-np Is Irresistible. He slngn
a good song and has an admirable comedy
air. With Ferris Harrman the playe.
has. an extravagantly comical -."Romeo
and Juliet" parody with Hartman as Ju
liet. HarUnan has" the astrologer's part,
which Is a warrant for its being: well
taken care of. Tom Greene does his usual
sweet-voiced, fatuously good-tempered
hero and has some songs or fetching air.
Thomas Guise and Arthur Boyco are also
well heard.
¦ AST evening the comic opera"
_ season reopened at the Tivoll
| , Opera-house with a good produc
1 - tion of "The' Fencing Master,"
S last heard and once only
1 before given here, by the
jl ,, Bostonians, at the old Bald-
win Theater. The onera la
well put on, with pretty scenery,
fetching costumes, and new
lighting effects, and for a first
night performance went with
considerable smoothness. One missed,
however, to a certain extent, the firm grip
that Max Hlrschfeld, the late conductor
of the Tivoll forces, had upon the or
chestra, and noted, too, the occasional
Inartistic predominance of the orchestral
accompaniments. It is unfair to expect
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
yet the game sympathy between leader
and led as was manifest between HJrsch
feld and the orchestra, but there Is no
necessity for the lagging tempos that
were In evidence last evening, and no
excuse for the "drowning out" of tha
soloists. The balance of things will, no
doubt, arrange Itself whhin a day or
two, and meantime there Is much to
praise.
The only Ferris divides honors with
Edward Webb in the comedy interest of
"The Fencing Master," and honors were
easy, between them but that Webb as
Galeazzo Vlscortl. Duke of Milan, has the
better part. It Is a Frank Daniels sort
of creation, and, If my chronology be
right, "The Ameer" has a scene lifted
bodily from this De Koven & Smith
opera, the brigand scene with the Ameer
being Identical with the Duke of Milan's
little affair with the Italian bravos.
FENCING CHORUS IN • THE LATEST PRODUCTION AT THE TTVOLI. "THE FENCING MASTER," WHICH
'. OPENED AT THE LITTLE OPERA-HOUSE LAST NIGHT.
- ¦ - Photo by Bushnall.
THE SAN AbKAJNUlSuO CALL, TUESDAY; JA2SUAKY aii, ly^i.
The show at the Orpheum this week Is
unquestionably one of the best ever pro
duced at this popular house. With three
exceptions ; all . the features are new and
most of them, have the merit of being
above the, usual standard of excellence.
Last night the house was crowded, not
withstanding,'the rain, and the large aud
ience was delighted with' the programme.
Sam Lockhart's' baby elephants continue
to be the stellar attraction and deserved
ly bo. The Montmartrois trio of operatic
vocalists met with a storm of applause
after their first number, which was in
tensified after their second appearance
in the soldiers' i chorus from "Faust."
They were recalled four times, and even
then the audience was not satisfied.
Swigette and Clarke, in their sketch in
troducing their imitations of "Sis" Hop
kins, are clever and they established
themselves as favorites. The Schu
mann's Quartet made its initial bow on
the coast and met with a flattering re
ception. Miss Adams, who plays the 'cel
lo, i« a finished artist. Hacker and Les
ter, comedy acrobatic cyclists, and "War
ren and Blanchard. in a sketch, "My
Valet," complete the new attractions.
Eugene CRourke and Miss Rose Bra
ham, in the sketch "Parlor A." have es-
Orpheum.
Th« . sweet, poetic them© of Plnero's
"Sweet Lavender" was artistically . pre
sented at the Alcazar Theater last even
ing, and while th« play was not quite por
trayed with that subtle delicacy which the
author intended, the members of the "com
pany scored a success. "Sweet Lavender"
Is as delicate as the perfume of Its name
sake and requires the most careful treat
ment. No fault, can be found with the
handling of tho play as seen in the per
formance by the - Alcazar company , last
night. Every member of the cast seemed
to grasp intelligently the author's idea
of the character enacted, and; secured
from the audience the greatest of tributes
— alternate tears and laughter. Who could
not help loving dear Dick Phenyl, the
broken-down barrister, whose clothes are
shiny but whose heart is as true as steel?
And what a charming picture of woman
hood is : Lavender! Pinero truly held the
mirror up to nature when he evolved the
play, and it is due the Alcazar company
to say that no better performance of
"Sweet Lavender" has ever been seen in
this city. Clarence Montaine, Howard
Scott and Lucius Henderson realized the
ideas of the roles they presented, and
Juliet -Crosby and Llla Convere returned
to the Alcazar stage to add more laurels
to their collection. Miss Crosby has im
proved rapidly In the few short. years of
her career, and her bantering love scenes
last night were artistic to a degree. MIbs
Convere aa. the heroine. was the ideal or
the role, never overacting but . always
natural and self-possessed. The smaller
roles were well played and the staging of
the play reflects credit on the manage
ment. "Sweet Lavender" Is well worth a
second visit and should easily remain In
the bill for some time.
"Sweet Lavender "
Also Scores a
Success.
Orpheum as Usual
Has Splendid
PH.
"BECKY SHARP" AN "THE FENCING MASTER" THE STAR ATTRACTIONS OF THE WEEK
There are villains of both sexes to spare
in "Darkest Russia," .but there are also
noble men and grentlo women to. offset
the wicked ones, and help make the stir
ring melodrama a splendidly balanced
The Central Theater management hae
given more than an adequate, cast to In
terpret the play. It has given a gorgeous
mounting and plenty of men to help
carry out the realism of the production.
'Howard Hall rinds a congenial part in
the role of Alexis Mazimofr, and Ilda Bar
osky is capably looked after by Effle
Margaret Marshall, Fay Courtney,
Miron Lefflngwell, Charles Arthur, Louis
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When that tired feeling: cornea over, you, drink
Jesse Moore "AA" • whiskey. : ¦ • -
DR.MCNULTY:
THIS WKLtKNOW-I AND BKLIABLE OLD
L SpecialisteunuBioodPolaon, Gonorrhoea Glpi*
allied Diwr.!ers. Boole on Diseases o» Me'., fr'i
P. v^ a .? ea » r^* Tpe £ ence - TArn " reasonable. HourJ"
9to3dalty :6:3>to<*.30«»V|ri. Sand»y-,,io to li Consul"
tation-reeandsacredly confidential Can oriddxeai
P. ROSCOE HcXO/TY. M. D
20 >£ Kearny St., Saa Francisco; «m.
Incandescent light wiring: a specialty. . Elec-
trical Engineering Co.., BW-511 Howard it. •
i Pfoven' territory, on line of railroad, for
sale. ' Splendid chance for those about to
form an , oil company. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN & SOMES (S. C. MASON, a*ent),
101 Chronicle bldjr.. San Francisco.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS'
Stcinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Ke»rny and Sutter sts., S. F.
Cor. 12th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Park and Washington. Portland.
711 Second ave., Seattle.
All the most reliable makes from
which to choose, and, . furthermore.
Sherman, Clay & Co. allow you the
privilege of exchanging the piano at
any time within three years for i
Steinway Upright or Grand, you
being allowed the full purchase price.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
If you are renting, a piano or are
thinking of purchasing one, step in
and have this new rent contract plan,
explained in' detail. '
Yhe_ installment plan for selling
pianos has been in existence for
years and years — there is nothing
new about it, but Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s rent contract plan is something
entirely new. Its principles of oper-
ation make it possible for you to
own u. piano on easier payments than
formerly and you pay for the use of
it less than one-third of what you
would if you simply rented.
•TO-DAT. TUESDAY.
And Every Day This "Week, at XI a. m. and
= / 5 p. m..
S W. Cop. Geary and Stockton .
- A lifetime opportunity. Coine and iee the
H? bargains. This Is an absolute, unreserved
sale. Must - be sold. No alternative.
A. "W. LOITDERBACK. Auctioneer.
AUCTION
Carpets. Furniture. Draperies, eta.
Closing Out . at Peremptory
RUGS
ORIENTAL
MIHRAiVS RENOWNED STOCK OP
•
A new plan
Regular Price J2.
LADIES' BELTS from 75c to $1.
Fire Opals Curias
Turquoise Linen Drawn V/ork
Sapphires Indiai Baskets
Emeralds Mexican Figures
Rubies Fine Carved Leather Goods
Jewelry Pursss .Cigar Cases
Not cheap gcoda at a low price, but the
-':'•' r' "'-^finest goods at astonishingly
s Last-Chance Prices.
114 Stockton St.
WE VACATE STORC JAN. 29th.
Mexican Store,