no_textvalentine after f:o had saved her from
dishonor by his great valor and strength
on St.' Valentino's eve. The English poet
Clay a'so alludes to> this custom as fol
lows:
Last Valentine. the dar when Wrts of Wad
Their paramour* with mutual cklrpln^ Cad,
I parly rose just at the break of day.
Before the sun had chased the stara away.
Afield I went, aml.l the morning dew.
To milk my kln«Mfor so abooH] hoaserriyes do).
The«r first X spied— «n<1 the first swain we see.
In »pfte of fortune nhall our true. love b«-
Shakrepeflre also alludes tf> this custom
In "Hamlet," where ooor Ophelia sings:
To-morrow ts St. Vatenttne'« day.
All la fii« - morning b«tlnr\
Ami I a ma Id at your window
To be your valentine. -
The custom of excnansln? amatory ad
dresses between valentines on St. Valen
tine's day, to which, I have already al
luded. Is a very old one. Many of the old
English po.ets, such a» Chaucer and Spen
cer, have left some Quaint models of this
style of composition. Lydgate? famous la
England as a poet Ions before ths Inven
tion of printing, also wrote many valen
tines, and the same Is true ot Athelstan*
Wade, an Anglo. Saxon poet of tho tlm*
of Richard I. One of tho latter** produc
tions has been preserved and rendered tn
to modern spelling, and la a» follows;
All I would have thoo nrt.
Iwp tn the Inmost recess at my heart
A sac-red niche Is thine.
And. when from the* apart
tj ' I Ion? to ca!l the* valentine*.
In many parts of Eneland ther have
a little rhyme -which chihlren co about
from house to house sloging on St. Valen
tine's day and bein? rewarded with cakes
and small sums of money, of which th*
following 1 is a transcript:
St. Valentine. St. Valentin*!
Curl your lock* «¦ I do mine—
Two before and one behln*.
Gcxxl mornlnp to you. Valentin*.
In our own time and country almost th«
only usage of St. Valentine's day that la
regained 1» the sendlns of the printed and
painted valentines nt the stationery
phops, and even this custom— perhaps af
ter -all more honored In • the breach
than the observance — seems to be fast dy
ing out. Postmasters all over this country
testify that the number ot. these missive.}
passing 1 through tho mulls haa steadily di
minished for fereral years, past This
falling oft began with the introduction of
t Christmas. JCewr Tear and. Ecster cardj.
thf» number of which transmitted by post
has increased Just in proportion to th<»
diminution in valentines, Tho reason is
obvious. A sentimental valentine.' th»
only one fo» which tha word Is not a mis
nomer, can only have proper significance
when it passes between persons of oppo
site sex. A Christmas. New Year or Eas
ter card, on the contrary, is universal in
Its applicability. It 13 equally appropriate
and acceptable from moiber to daughter,
from «ister to slstor, .from lover to sweet
heart, from friend to friend. Good wishes
on any of the fi-stal occasions named.
Christmas, New Year's day. or Easter.
may very gracefully and appropriately ba
pent l»y anybody to anybody, and the pop
ularity of these three classes of cards bids
fair to extinguish even the last remain
ing American observance of the day de
voted to the honor of pood St. Valentine.
One of the oldest usages in connection
with St. Valentine's day Is the giving of
gifts. In the oldtlme lottery of ..t Val
entine's day the young men and young'
•women drawing each other were required,
to Cichanse— "Valentine gifts."
. • AitY x. STOCKTOX.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
pelf, very pretty, and we were both
pleased with it. But I am also this year
my wife's valentine, and It will cost me
£5; but that I must have laid out if we
had not been valentines."
On February 16 of the same year-two
days later— he again writes: ''I find that
Mrs. Pierce's little girl Is my valentine,
she having drawn me, which I am not
sorry for. It easing me of something moie
that I must have Riven to others. But
here I do first observe the fashion of
drawing mottoes as well as names, so
that Pierce, who drew my wife, did draw
biso «t nwifii and thls^Rlrl drew another
for me. What mine was I forgot, but my
wife's was 'Most courteous and most fair '
which, as it may be used, as an anagram
upon each name might be very pretty."
Again, alluding to the obligation resting
upon a chosen valentine to give a present
to the person choosing, no writes of the
celebrated Miss Stuart, afterward Duche«w
of Richmond: "The Duke of York,' being
once her valentine, did Kive her a jewel
of about £S0O; and my Lord MandevlHe.
her valentine this year, a ring of about
£300." In February, 1668; he makes the
RULES FOR MILITARY CONDUCT IN THE FIELD
ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY YEARS AGO
5\j*itj curiously Interesting matter
has lately been unearthed from an
old order book of the Twentieth
Rf-tffrm nt. the "Midden boys." now
the Lancashire EusIIIers. Which emanated
from the heroic soldier Wolfe when
colonel of the regiment, about 1750. Their
bearing upon military conduct In the field
makes thorn very distinctly topical Just
now, say:? the London Express.
"Whoever shall throw away his arms In
an action, whether officer, nen-commis-
Fioned officer or soldier (unless It appears
they are so damaged as to be useless),
either under the pretense of taking up
others that are of a better sort or for
any. other cause whatsoever, must expect
to be tried by a court-martial for the
crime.
"The death of an officer commanding a
company or platoon shall be no excuse
for the confusion or misbehavior of that
platoon; for. while there is an officer or
non-commissioned officer left alive to com
mand. no man is to abandon his colors or
betray his country.
"Neither officer, non-commissioned of
ficer nor Fddier is to leave his platoon or
abandon the colors for a slight wound
vVhi.e a man is able to do his duty an<f
etand and hold his arms it Is Infamous to
"Tbe battalion is not to halloo cr cry
out on any account whatsoever, although
the rest of the troops should do it, until
they are ordered to charge with their
bayonets; in that case, and when they are
on the point of rushing on the enemy the
battalion may give a warlike shout and
rush in. •
"The soldier who takes his musket from
his shoulder and nretends to begin the
battle without orders? will be put to death
that Instant. 'The cowardice or irregular
proceeding of one man is not to put the
whole in danger. ¦
"The poldler who quits his rank or of
fers to fly is Instantly to be put to death
by the ofllcer who commands the platoon.
A soldier does not deserve to live who
will not fight for his King and country.
"If a non-commissioned officer or pri
vate man is missing after an. action and
Joins his. company afterward • unhurt, he
wlll.be reputed a coward and a. fugitive
and will be tried for his life.
"If we attack a Body less In extent than
the battalion, the platoons upon the wings
must be careful to " direct "their nre
obliquely so' as 'to strike the enemy. The
officers aro lo inform the soldiers of their
platoons before the action begins where
they are to direct their fire, and they are
to ta^e a good aim to destroy their adver
saries.
• "There is no necessity for firing very
fast. A cool, well-leveled fire, with the
pieces carefully loaded. Is nitir-h more de
structive and. formidable than the o>iick
est fire In confusion. (The Kololors are to
take their orders entirely from tho ofllcer
of their platoon, and he is to give them
with all possible coolness and resolution.)
The misbehavior of any other corps will
not effect this battalion, because the of
ficers are determined to give the strongest
proofs of their fidelity, zeal and courage,
in which the soldiers will second them
with their usual spirit. :•'¦
"The men should consider that they rfre
upon the point of entering into a war for
the defense of their, country; •" that a
drunken, vicious, irregular army is but a
poor defense to a State; but their^yirtue,
courage and obedience are a'lsure guard-Jo,
all assaults. . They }, should, Uherefore.Val
ways be ready to perform: their. part with
honor and spirit, and not give themselves
up to any excess or irregularity. In, times
like these both officers and soldiers should
particularly exert .themselves in 'every
part of tho duty, and show their country
that they deserve its esteem and admira
tion by their zeal, fidelity and valor."
The principles on which the British sol
dier should fight vary little to this day
from those Inculcated by General Wolfe."
rouowing entry: "This evening my w:re
did, with great pleasure, show me her
stock of jewels, ¦ increased by the ring, she
hath made lately as' my valentine's gift
this year, a Turkey stone set with dia
monds. With this and what she .had she
reck that she hath above £150 worth
of jewels of, one kind or other; stnd I am
glad of It, for it Is tit the wretch should
have something to content herself with."
Good Mr. Pepys here uses the wori
wretch as an endearing term. Admirers
of Sir' Walter' Scott -will remember th^t
he also alludes to this custom of giving
valentine presents, and will readily re
call the passage In the "Fair Maid oC
Perth," In which he 'describes the little
St. Valentine's day gift which the mlghtv
amorer, Henry Smith, had prepared for
-his valentine, the good and beautiful
Catherine Glover: "It was a small ruby
cut into the form of a heart, transfixed
with a golden arrow, and was inclosed in*
a small purse of links of the finest work
in steel, as if it had been designed for h
hauberk to a kins. Round *bo verge of
the purse were these words:
Through mail shirt?.
'This device has caused the armorer
some thought, and he was much satisfied
with his own composition, because if ,
seemed to imply that his skill could de-J
fend all hearts -saving his own." '¦;'.
In many parts of England and Scotlanly
it is still customary, as' it, has been' for
many centuries, for young men. and ' wo-.
•fcien to regard as their valentines tho' first
person of 'the opposite ' sex l whom- their :
eyes behold on, the morning of St. V&lenV
• tine's j day,' and -they have ';.-.* the/ right to
claim tho said valentine with* aT kiss which
he-.or she la in honor bound to accord
without resistance or remonstrance of any
kind. Scott in his novel of "Tha • Fair
Maid of Perth." already Quoted, beauti
fully describes the "manner In which tha
beautiful Catherine Glr-ver thus claimed
the bold armorer, Henry Sraltlv as har
(Copyright. 1901.)
ST. Valentine's Day, which falls on
February 14, had Its origin with
the Romans, who, a great many
centuries before Christ, held great
feasts, known as the- Lupercalla, in honor
of Pan and June, during- February, at
which tablets bearing younng women's
names were drawn out of a box by young
men. Each person drawing became the
faithful attendant of her whose name ha
Tiad drawn until thp next Lupercalia. Tho
close association thus engendered often
resulted In marriage. There was a popu
lar superstition at that time, which, in
deed, stttl finds credence In the minds of
many people, that birds selected their
mates on the fourteenth day of February,
and it was for that reason that the
Romans held their matrimonial lottory In
connection with the ceremonies of the
Lupercalia on that date. It was because
the early Christian fathers found their
hardest task in the conversion of the
heathen to be to persuade them to aban
don their heathen festivities that they
endeavored to divest all such observances
of undue solemnity, while retaining all
their social aspects and associating them
with seme persons or things pertaining
to the church. They replaced the Luper
calia with St. Valentine's day, therefore.
thus retaining the date of the ancient
festival and connecting it with Christian
ity through a. great saint, who BuCCerstl
martyrdom in the third century. He was
first beaten with clubs while a priest at
Rome, where his remains now rest in the
cfturch of St. Praxedes. So this excellent
man never either directly or indirectly
bore any relation whatsoever to the ob
servances and ceremonies peculiar to the
day devoted to him. The good churchmen
found it Impossible to persuade the com
mon people to entirely abandon any cere
mony to which they had become deepjy
attached. Despairing, therefore, of abol
ishing the matrimonial lottery of thj
Lupercalia, they modified its form. an<l
endeavored to give it. a rejigious character
by substituting the names nf particular
taints to be drawn as valentines Instead
of the names of men and women. From
this ancient usage is derived the custom,
still occasionally observed in come Catho
lic countries, of -selecting on St. Valen
tine's day for the ensuing year a patron
saint who is called a valentine. Eut the
young men and maidens finding • little
amusement in drawing out the names of
dead and gone taints* eoon relapsed Into
their old custom of drawing each other,
and even at the present In many of the
rural districts of England and Scotland
It is customary on the eve of St. Valei.
tine's day for the young people of both
Kxe* to draw lots for a. valentine. As trie
men draw from a bag containing " tba
r.ames of the maidens, while the latter
draw from one eonta'nir.z the names of
the men, it generally happens that 'each
person has two valentines, but the younjj
men regard themselves much more strong
ly bound to the valentine they have drawn
than To the one who has drawn them.
If. as (sometimes happens, a. young man
and woman should each chance to dra.v
the other it is regarded as absolutely cer
tain that they are destined to wed and
must not, under any circumstances, per
mit their attentions or affections to cen
ter elsewhere. During the reign of Charles
II. as we learn from that most interesting
and curious record of the domestic life of
that period preserved for us in the diary
of Mr. Pepys. married people were equally
eligible with single ones for the lotteiy
of St. Valentine's eve, and any one chosen
for a valentine was in honor bound to
give a present to the person choosing him
or her.
On St. Valentine's <j a v. 1K7, Mr. Pepys
writes: "This morning came up "to my
wife's bedside (I being up dressing my
eelQ Ujtle Will Mercer to be her valei-.
tine, and brought her name written upon
blue paper in gold letters, done by hlm-
2
HOW CUPIDS HOLIDAY CAME TO BE
CALLED ST. VALENTINE'S
DAYTaking some bits of cotton-In her hand
she threw them at us and each as soon
as It left . her flew through the several
feet of distance which separated her from
us. rave a stinging touch and rebounded
bodies.. To test this hold your hand In
front of you, and you will see that nq
light comes through It; that is, apparent
ly none. In truth, thouph. the marvelous
X-rays are passing through your hand,
and not only through It. but through your
eyes as well, and, strangest of all, they
*go right on through your eyes and out of
the back of your bead, to be lost In
space. \
"Now, the retina of the eye Is only sen
sitive to those rays which stop on it. and
bo cause the sensation of sight. If they
pass through the eye- and on beyond it Is'
as water going through a sieve — there is
nothing to show for it. But now see tha
difference.
' "Hold between your eye and the hand In
front of the light this fluoroscope, which
Is cardboard coated with a solution of
uranium; now you see the light through
the blackened cardboard and the hand
both. That Is because the rays, which be
fore passed on through your eyes unlnter
cepted, have been so changed, thickened
or slowed down, as It were, by passing
through the. uranium that when they
reach the retina they are arrested by it
and produce an Image. It is just as though
the water which had previously passed
through the sieve had been frozen into
hail, and being changed could be checked
in its fall by the mesh of the sieve and so
made evident fo the censes.
"Now, to show you the amount of en
ergy It requires to create this -light, I will
connect myself .with the current which is
producing it." • ¦ . -. ;
Of course, this is not scientific, and it Is
no part of the X-ray proper to see a
human being surcharged with the pent-up
forces : of lightning until the hair bris
tles and snaps and the darkness is lighted
oy rose-colored flames which blow and
hiss from hair, eyebrows, -nger tips and
every extremity. They are not burning
fires, but cold; like those of the boreal
aurora, and when she takes a black wand
in her hand and points it all of the rose
colored fires leave the other parts^ of ncr
body and blow from its" tip straTght to
ward you, and a cold chill like that which
precedes the coming of, a ghost drives
through the thickest of woolen garments,
even as it. would through lace, and shivers
your flesh In streaks as she points it at
different' parts.
to her again as though Its mission wer»
accomplished.
Taking a skull In her hand the fires
were immediately transferred to It and
- glowed and hissed from the ghastly sock
ets as no human eyes had ever done.
I '¦ Then reconnecting the X-ray tube with
the machine, she stepped In front of tho
light, and holding the fluoroscoplc plat*
before her said: "Look through me,
please." There before us then was but
the misty form of the woman, c skeleton
eKadowed through it. and the darker form
of the heart, drumming away at tha
march of life.
Besides this and a few corset steels and
buttons there was nothing to be seen but
the outlines of the phantom.
That Is the play side of X-ray business.
In another room were stacks of radio
graphs, each the record of an accident
to some unfortunate human being, 'who
has been photographed to show the loca
tion of fractures, dislocations, bullets
and all manner of foreism bodies.
Some of them were of soldiers homa
from the war* with Mauser bullets In
body, head, or limbs, for permanent
souvenirs. Others were even more Inter
esting for the reason that they were the
records of well known local people who
have figured as the victims of pi.no! shots
and more than one has a mystery attach
ed to it that none but the principals will
ever know.
Physicians are coming more and more
to use the X-ray to aid them in their
search for foreign bodies and when it
comes to be generally known how much
painful probing may be avoided by so
doing, nearly every subcutaneous opera
tion will be preceded by examination with
the ray. which lights up the Interior of
men until they look like campaign trans
parencies.
• Another class of radiographs of which
many are taken are those that show ab
solutely nothing injured or misplaced.
One such case was of a child whosa
mother was sure It had swallowed a quar
ter. The X-ray photograph showed no
quarter and mother and child went away
contented. 'y. ¦ "
Other people are sure that they have
a -break, a dislocation, or that the doctor
has forgotten and left some of bis Instru
ments In them. A clear radiograph of
. their bodies showing air in good shape
puts them at ease immediately and en
ables them to understand the mysterious
apparent realism of hypochondria:
The I ' many successes of Elizabeth
Flelschman have brought her to the atten
tion of the surgeon general of the United
States army and she has made many
examinations of soldiers for the military
hospitals. That, of course, shows that
she Is a scientist and not a witch, but
if she isn't a witch she can at least do
what witches couldn't and she can show
things that make, falrv tales seera coza
monslace by comiaxlaon,
the light Itself really Is. Miss Flelschman
in illustrating this said: "When a person
.looks at a Crookes tube producing its
rays he • sees a yellow-green phosphores
cence, such as that which lights the glow
worm to its mate: but that is not tha
X-ray, It Is merely another light wh:cn is
engendered In the process, and hae not the
property of penetrating opaque organic
fmrn^ tnnt >T chinning the voltage wnlda
produced the light the quality of th«
rays would be changed, and some of them
would show through bones and all, some
through the heart ana liver and others
would only pnss through the most trans
parent part of the body, such as the lungs.
In this way, by changing the intensity of
the electric currents, all the different
parts of the body may in turn be brought
Into sight and either ' studied . ocularly
through the tluoroscope or radiographed
by posing the subject in front of a sen
sitized plate.
In a radiograph every fine distinction
between light and shade has an important
value, and one must not discard them
because they do not show out clear and
black as silhouettes. In the photograph,
or radiograph, rather, of the frog the
bones are shown most clearly, and about
them is the fleshy structure. The lurgs
are indicated by two light spots, showing
that they were inflated with air when the
exposure was made. TheTieart shows as
a darker spot, and the whole view Is not
unlike what one would see In looking
through the human body with a fluoro
ecope.
The tones of birds are difficult to show
In a radiograph for the reason that; being
made to float In the air, they are light and
thin and hollow. The photograph of the
wild duck, while it plainly shows the
leaden Ehot, small as they are, well illus
trates the difficulty in securing the out
lines of the filmy skeleton. •
A girl wizard is a novelty. Heretofore
the wizard business has been monopolized
by ancient gentlemen with sunken eyes
that peered from beneath bushy, grizzled
brows; ' who spoke strange allegorical
speeches from mouths that were hidden
somewhere in the midst of flowing-beards
of snowy hair. San Francisco's sorceress
does not deal in black magic nor'in mys
teries. It Is all clear, cold science, and
that Is the best of it. Any one can go
into a dark closet in a dark room and tell
you that he is performing wonder" ;
or he can get on a stage fifty feet away
and surround himself with mirrors,
screens and wires and. do the same thing.
But to let the spectator perform the trick
himself and feel that he is the magician
know it, in fact, by the demonstrations of
his own senses, Is a very different magic
indeed, and is the sort that is of worth.
Would you like to see what kind of a
heart your best girl has? To look at her
real, true heart and see it beat?— a little
faster perhaps when you are looking at
it. There, dim in the mist about It, yet
plain enough to make you feel that you
might place your finger upon It if you
dared to meddle with * the secret of life
which Is throbbing before you.
It is a very funny fact, but you are 'ever
so much better acquainted with a' person
when once you have seen straight through
uem. It beats a heart to heart talk all
hollow for establishing really confidential
feelings. A man, or a woman either, can
never seem bo stern or forbidding to you
when you have onc«? ¦ learned by ocular
demonstration that he or she Is only a
sort of a human fog after all. .
The word X-ray has been heard so fre
quently that, most people think. they know
all about it, but even the experts who pro
duce and use it frankly . admit tha; al
though they can do that much, yet they
have, not the faintest conception of what
lizabeth rz.T?<*crmM*. «• •*«»
p 3 is best known. Is more of a witch
, I 1 than any ancient dame who ever
flew over the chimneys ¦with a.
black cat on a broomstick.
She lives In a world of phantoms and
mysteries. She looks through people as
•we do through Jellyfish and they appear
to her formless and ghostly as the things
we see In dreams. It is her business to do
that, for Fhe has devoted her life to inves
tigating the interior of the human race
by means of the light of the cathode ray.'
The very strange fact Is that ah animal
a_nd vegetable substances are transparent.
You can eee through a man, a desk, a
table, a book or a floor if you have but
the right light and the cathode ray Is of
that kind. It shows that we anil all of our
creations are but bubbles of the earth,
with no more of realitv about -s than
there la to c kinetoscope show.
It must have been womanly curiosity
that took Miss Flelschman into her ex
periments In radiography and othe.
branches of science, which are specially
Illumined by the Roentgen ray, for there
Is nothing which is farther from the gen
eral field of woman's work than the mass
of mechanical, electrical, chemical and
physiological knowledge required to en
able one to correctly locate a needle which
has got Itself lost somewhere in a human
hayetack.
Curiosity is the motive power with most
ecientlsts anyway, and it was at a lecture
on the subject of X rays, given four years
ago by Professor Van der Naillen of San
Francisco, that started Miss Fleischman
on her interesting: career. Her curiosity
¦was aroused, and here was an unlimited
field for its satisfaction. The Chinese
jepresent curiosity by two characters
combined — a woman and. a keyhole. Now
•with the X ray there Is no necessity of
confining yourself to the limited field of
view which a keyhole presents. It is Just
as easy to see through the closed door or
the wall either, for that matter, unless it
liTof brick. Floors are particularly trans
parent and afford an excellent view of the
flat below if it is properly illuminated and
you have a flucroscope. which is a magic
eyeglass, without which the true X ray
is invisible.
From the time that she heard that lec
ture her life was devoted to the Btudy of
the marvelous light which is rapidly
clearing up the mysteries of our life. She
spent days and nights peering through
people and animals, watching pulsing
hearts and swelling lungs. She studied
the anatomy of the living man instead of
the dead, as doctors do, until she was as
familiar with It as with her own face.
Chloroformed cats and bats, lizards,
frozs and snakes were all in turn placed
under the influence of the light and its
effect* studied until It was possible to
correctly pause the amount of exposure
necessary to make photographs through
the various densities of animal tissue
¦which are encountered.
The radiograph of a frog which is given
herewith Is one of the most wonderful
things in lt» way wiuch has ever been
made and was the first which showed
that the X ray could be so used as to
produce Illuminations of the different in
ternal organs as well as of the bony sys
tem. tVben the ray was first discovered
It was not well under control, and only
.the shadow* of the bones could be ob
»^ined. On further experimentation it was
THE, SUNDAY CAIX.
3
SAN FRANCISCO
TWENTIETH CENTURY
WITCHment of the melodic beauties of the "Wil
liam Tell" overture. At the grand burst
of harmony at the finale a storm of ap
plause breaks out. at which the conductor
smiles, doi'fs hts gold-embroidered cap and
again signals w his nun. Another sharp
baton stroke and .the martial measures
of "Kl Capitan" sound on Parisian ears
as only Souea and Pousa'a band can make
them sound. The effect is electrical : v The
audience sits erect and follows with* tho
eye every graceful and characteristic ges
ture of the conductor.' High up on :th<3
Palais a workman drops Uls toola ; fend
swings his arms in imitation of th»; panto
mime of the conductor below. A mighty
shout jgoes up. men throw their liats : -in
the air. while ladies wave- handkerchiefs,
and as the brief pandemonium of applause
ends the triumph of John Philip Soutja in
Paris is complete. ' -Z ;
The story of the first, Soilsa concert at.
the Paris Exposition is^the. history of all
that followed during the four weeks' sea
son of the American band. The after
noon musicales which Sousa gave daily
on the Ksplanade des. Invalides soon be
came the popular* resort of the leaders of
fashion and art, as well as the delight of
all music lovers. Massenet. Audran, Vic
tor Roger, Gabriel Pares, the leader of
the famous Garde Republieaine band of
Paris, and manv. oilier eminent French
musicans were frequent attendants; the
• family of President if.oubet came here to
HstfMi.to "La Sousa Hand.". «s it soon be
came" known, and the ofiicials of the ex
position ' frequently relieved the tedium
of offldul duties by stealing away from
their desks to "listen to the band." The
American Embassador. Genernl Horace
Porter,' at one of the first concert? was a
delighted listener, and after "the last num
*bor started up the nteps of the band
.suuul to Congratulate. Sousa. At the samn
moment a feminine admirer standing be
low, with unusual force anil misdirected
aim. hurled .a large bouquet at the bowing
conductor. The .flowers struck him full
in the eyes and knocked off. Ills glasses,
just as he became aware that the Enibas
sador was near him. •
* "You'H hjuV'tQ^ ''.excuse me for a mln
ut<\ Gonerar.*'Vrernarked Sousa. as" ho
groped hi«? eye-glassed. **I got ,it< in
the eye that time."
"Well, Sousa," responded the Embassa
dor, "it's fortunate that you didn't get it
In the neck." !
A daily- scene at the Sousa' concerts in
Paris showed the friendly feeling toward
.Americans and is perhaps best described
in the words of the Pari« L'Aurore:
"Mr. Sousa and his band played yester
• day at the Esplanade: de3 Invn'ides and
a largo crowd listened and applauded
WITH SOUSA AT THE PARIS EXPOSITION
concert of American music was given at
the exposition to 15,000 people and later
Sbusa serenaded the American Kmbasaa
dor at his official reception. In the even-
Ing, through the generosity of a num
ber of California gentlemen, the band
participated In the California celebra
tion of Independence day. Under a baau
tiful canopy that had been erected In the
center of the Place de l'Opera, and which
was surmounted with a blazing* electric
tign. "Caafomla-United States," the band
played American music. until 1 o'clock In
tho morning. . There were 50,000 people
around the bandstand during the ni£ht
and once again traffic was suspended on
the grand boulevards for Sousa, an un
precedented compliment. Such a celebra
tion . of Independence day was never
known in a foreign country, and the Par
isians entered into the, spirit of the oc
casion with great zest. California com
posers were well represented on Sousa's
•programme that night and the French
crowd were wildly enthusiastic over the
Sousa marches and the characteristic
"rag-time" melodies that the band played
with so much spirit. At the conclusion
of the concert the president of the Stu
dents' Association of Paris appeared on
the platform and made an address of
thanks to Sousa for his music and the
cnlebration came to an end with lusty
cheers.
these excellent musicians. There were
not only many Americans present, but
a number of French officials, who found
¦a way and a means to come out and
listen to Massenet's 'Scenes Pittoresques.'
which was played with perfection. Yes
terday again the band played 'The Stars
and Stripes F/orever.' Toward the end
of the piece the cornets and trombones
rfrife anu range themselves In a line fac
ing the audience, while two American
guards wave the star-spangled banner.
Kveryboay by this time has arisen, and
the men j wave their hats, while the
women are loudly clapping their hands."
Hut It was on the Fourth of July that
Sousa was most conspicuously before the
Parisian public. The Lafayette Monu
ment was dedicated at 10 o'clock in the
morning* and Sousa furnished the musical
features of the- programme, playing hefe
for the first time for the President of the
republic and the other dignitaries his new
march '"Hall- to -the Spirit ot Liberty,"
which had been written for that occasion.
Following these exercises, escorted by a
mounted ] detachment of the Garde Re
publicalne and the entire American guard
from the exposition, the Sousa band pa
raded through the principal streets amid
great ent-.UPlaam. all traffic on the' line
of march being suspended by order of th«
Prefect of Police. In the afternoon a
PERFECT May day in Paris.
A Along the broad front of the
Grand Palais des Beaux Arts thou
sands of people are waiting ineagftr
expectancy, across the Pont Alexandre III
advances a small procession, the AmerU
can flag waving at Its head: the .pun
glistens brightly upon the polished mu
sical instruments of this sturdy little
company, bravely intent upon an ambi
tious invasion of the musical stronghold
of France. At the Same time from the
opposite direction of the Champs Klysees
a fiacre stops at the entrance of the Ex
position, and as a trim tjgure in uniform,
breast emblazoned with medals, alights
the watchful gendarmes spring to atten
tion and smartly salute tha new-comer,
who returns the courtesy with military
precision. By this time the procession has
reached its destination 4kd takes pos
sesFlon of the chairs and music racks
awaiting them. The leader assumes com
mand, while the crowd leans forw.ard to
await the first notes of the music. A
broad, authoritative sweep of the baton
brings the musicians to their feet, and
the crash of music sounds forth "Tbe
Marseillaise" as a musical greeting to
France. With hats off the vast audience
remains standing until this has been fol
lowed by "The Star.-spangled Banner,"
and then all settle down to the enjoy-
rf T makes one prouder to b*» an Ameri
can when he knows to what heights
Jl of excellence art and architecture have
been carried by the aboriginal natives
of our continent, who have at las=t been
tardily honored with tbe race name of
"Amerind.*."
In "The tCorth Americans of Yesterday'*
5s collected a. mass of interesting facts
concerning the daily lire, work and
thought of the natives nf America, which
will 6n more to eradicate the impression
that thoy were m<'ri» senseless brutes of
the'foip^t and plain than any other worii
heretofore puhli^hrd.
It i5 time tha; such a book fhould ap
prar, for there is now from sight
before our eye* oi.e of the great clviliza-.
ticris of tbe earth, and we are looking on
end do not Bee.
Our ar.certors ran* 1 to this country with
riindrr?s and prejudice to guide them Jn
their dealings with its rightful owners and
possessors. The bMndnet-s of those who
sought for nothing but wealth with' which
to return and enjoy the comforts of tha t
fatherlands; the prejudice of those who,'
wrapped in a mantle of religion, could see
rothi::£ but works of the devil outside u'.
It.
To rescue while there Is yet time the
few remaining legends. Implements, speci
mens of handicraft and architectural
ruins is a work of an importance which
enly a succeeding generation win appreci
ate.
How much would be taken from our
llv<»s to-day were the influence of the
Egyptian, Greek and Roman races re
moved none can tell, yet the facts pre
sented by Mr. l>ellenbaush tend to show
t'lat there was upon our own continent a
race no less wonderful than any of these.
To the collector of Indian curios and
relics the book will be of intense interest,
for it shows a fieM a. thousand times as
broad as the novice would be apt to con
ceive.
A very valuable point too which the
author strives for In every branch of his
Investigations Is the theory of the ethnic
ur.lty of the race, which adds Immense
value to every single bit of lore or piece of
manufacture which can be lound. It con
nects each one with every other and
knows that while different tribes may
have devoted themselves to widely vary
ing pursuits owing to environment and
Lbc different necessities thereby created, *s
nevertheless the mental ability was there,
and when necessity called for it each sub
division of the race may in turn have been
paleolithic or neolithic, mound builders,
cilff dwellers or nomads of the plain. a.nd
potters, weavers or basket makers, as to
their -domestic manufactures.
The EUenct! of the Indian may better be
ascnoed to studied dignity, atdn to that
<JT the Chinese, rather than to stupidity.
They were an artistic peopie, sensitive be
yond the comprehension of the rude fron
tiersmen who rim met th«m and stamped
out any chance of a mutual understand
ing between the races.
In Mr. Dellenbaugh's book the evidence
cf their art it Ehovn in tnu numerous il
lustrations of vases, baskets, textile fao
ricn' and architectural decorations of fret
work and relief in stone, which are the
equal of any thing* in their lines that
have ever bten created, where simplicity
rarhgr than ornateuess is taken as the
tlancard. ¦ -
The extremely cartful treatment, both
in description and illustration, gives the
l»ook its greatest \aluc. The subjects
which would, from the wonder ot them,
be beyond belief, arc illustrated by pho
togravures, that the eye of the reader
may for itself judge as to whether the
author has confined himself to the truth.
In telling cf those things which printed
if-scripiion best raits, a moderate and de-
Cailed account" is given instead of mian-
Inglets, tiaj-ing generalities, into which an
enthusiast, eo oILcn allows himself to fall.
The A. Wessels Company announce for
and untarnished as a statesman, became
from the force of circumstances the ob
ject of the bitterest calumnies that malice
could lnventi Mr. Clemens says that If
he can accomplish nothing more than to
induce n portion of the rising generation
to search the records of that life he will
be amply repaid for his work.
. Whether the reader can agree with the
author or no, he will certainly enjoy read-
Ing of the character of the -Burr Mr.
Clemens has drawn. (Published by The
Wolfe Publishing Company, Akron, Ohio.)
Short Story Masterpieces.
The rise in the popularity of the short
story among American readers has been
very marked -during the last few years.
A boojc of-"over 300 pages has just been
published by the Jamleson-Hlggins Com
pany of Chicago, entitled "Short Story
Masterpieces," in which have been col
lected some of the best bits from the pens
of acknowledged short story writers.
Miss Alice French (Octave Thanet) leads
the hook with the lirst sjory. She Is fol
lowed by Miss Mary E. Wllkins. General
Charles Krug, Opie Head." Miss Klizabeth
Phipps Train, JI. S. Canfield. Stanley
Waterloo, Howard Fielding, George Ade,
Hayden Carruth, Julia Truitt Bishop, Mrs.
General George E. Pickett, Garrad Har
ris, Elizabeth M. Gilmer, William Ray
Gardener, Helen II. Gardener, Elizabeth
Cherry Waltz, Irving Bacheller. John
Habberton. Martha McCullagh Williams,
Henry Gallup Paine, Klia W. Peattie,
Albert Bigelow Paine, Jeannette Hader
m'ann Walworth, Mrs. Wade Hampton Jr.,
Lynn Roby Meekins . and Walker'Ken
nedy, The book is profusely illustrated.
Literary Notes.
Ralph Connor, author of "Black Rock."
is the subject of a biography and por
trait In the February Book News. There
is an Interesting article on Ralph Waldo
Emerson: a portrait and sketch o» Mar
garet E. Sangster. and a very entertain
ing story by Katrina Trask, entitled "S.
P. Q. R." The more Important new books
are reviewed by Dr. Talcott Williams, and
the ' descriptive Hst notices all new books
«tnd new editions.
The. most intimate life of Queen Vic
toria ever published was that which ap
peared, "by royal authority-," at the tlmo
of the Diamond Jubilee (1897). This was
prepared at Windsor by the Queen's libra
rian. Richard R. Holmes. F. S. A., and
issued in America by the Century Com
pany. It is a royal quarto of 200 pages,
printed from- type, with frontispiece in
colors, and forty photogravures. Of the
Japan paper edition, limited to 475 copies,
twenty-five were reserved for presentation
by the Queen and 100 were disposed of
in America. Of the less costly edition,
only fifty. copies remained unsold at the
time of Victoria's death. t
-The well-known artist, Mortimer
Menpes, has a book in the press which
will contain 100 illustrations, some seven
ty-five of which will ¦ be reproduced . in
color by a process hitherto unattempted.
The Macmillan Company ¦will bring the
book out and its title will be "War Im
pressions; Being a Record in Color.".; -It
stands by itself among the many books
on the war in Soutn .nfriea. as it makes
no attempt to be a history of the war or
of South Africa, but is just a record- of
a man among men. The combination of
portraits from his brush and his written
Impressions will give perhaps more of, tho
personality of the leading men in South
Africa, both civil and military, than can
he gleaned from any other book yet writ
ten. The reprouuctlon In color of the art-
early publication in February , "The Rise
of the Book Plate," by W. G. Bowdoin.
The volume will contain 230 reproductions
of representative and rare book plates
particularly examples of American book
plate designers and two Japan paper in-
Bets of two plates of E. D. French, never
before reproduced, these being printed di
rect from the original plates specially for
this work. Henry Blackwell has written
an Introduction and many book plates
from his well-known collection will appear
in reproduction in the book which will
appeal directly to. collectors of . these
"dead leaves." Besides a complete biog
raphy of book plate literature, the volume,
will contain a selected list of American
periodical contributions to book plate lit
erature and a list of well-known Ameri
can book plate engravers and designers.
• Just before the war Grant was living
in St. Louis as a poor farmer, as a man
who had apparently outlived his useful
ness; he hauled wood from. his farm to
trie residences of the prominent citizens
there. Sherman was at thai .time presi
dent • of a .small s'treet car line in St.
Louis, and across the river In Springfield,
111., Abraham Lincoln was a struggling
Needless to say. the gallant captain lost
no time in forwarding the* Spray's speci
fications in answer to thla flattering re
quest.
Winston Churchill's new novel will be
illustrated by Howard Chandter Christy
— a happy combination of author and
artist. The author says that while In
"Richard Carvel" his story was. based on
the origin and character of the cavalier,
and the contrast of London and colonial
society, the plot of "The Crisis" will turn
on the cavalier's history a hundred yeara
later. ,'¦
" "I nave an Island in the Indian Ocean."
the Englishman writes, "separated by
some forty miles from the main group at
which steamers call. Its produce has to
be ferried twice a month .to. the. steamer
station. Often, in the monsoons, the seas
run high and a stout boat is necessary,
as well as one that can sail well to wind
ward, and do something in light airs. A
boat like the Spray would just do and
would, also be a great pleasure, for there
are numbers of neighboring islands one
would like to visit, and sometimes a run
to Bombay, or Ceylon, or Mombasa, or
Mauritius, would be possible."
England, it seems, has something to
learn from America even in the matter
of boat building. Captain Joshua Slocum.
author of "Sailing Alone Around the
World," has just received a letter from
a stranger, bearing an East Indian stamp,
and postmarked Berbera (Africa). I.on
don and New York, In which his corre
spondent expresses a desire to possess a
boat built on the lines of the famous sloop
Spray. ,.
1st author's paintings- and drawings bring
us face to face with a process which It
is said will revolutionize the illustration
of books. The method gives the appear
ance of water color.
He says that the history of the war
proves conclusively that there was no
better soldier ox more devoted patriot in
all the Revolutionary heroes than Aaron
Burr, ai>d that no man- ever lived of a
more genial, hospitable and kindly nature.
Yet, he says that this man, unsurpassed
as a soldier and lawyer, pure and upright.
Hon. Jere Clemens' story, "An Ameri
can Colonel," tells of the thrilling times
during the Revolution and the great
rivalry of Aaron Burr and Alexander
Hamilton. The whole book is a defense
of Aaron Burr. . The author says he has
collected old pamphlets and documents re
lating to Burr and Hamilton and endeav
ored to extract from them enough of the
truth to enable him to form a Just esti
mate of the characters of both.
An American Colonel.
The boy who would hunt for arrowheads
or the student who would read the se
cretly preserved,; ancient documents of
the Mayas will alike find their interest
stimulated and their efforts directed by
Mr. Dellenbaugh's exhaustive work.
(Published by G. P. 'Putnam's Sons, New
York. Price $4.)
MORRISON F. PIXLEY. \
Pottery, weaving, sculpture and archi
tecture, with their respective ornamenta
tions, and the finer arts of making jewel
ry of silver, gold and turquoise all seem
to have been carried to higher perfection
among the tribes of the Pacific slope,
excepting where In the extreme south
the narrowness of the continent merged
all Into one. Each of these branches is
illustrated so fully- and' carefully that one.
feels, after reading the book, that after
all America is not a country of to-day;
that it lias a past, as rich with the ac
cumulations of aritlfluity as those of the
Old World, it is only that they lay
under the mound and under the forest,
and we must search for them as Thebes
and Herculaneum were sought.
"Great in war and government the Iro
quois certainly were, but they had not
reached the border line of artistic devel
opment. Neither weavers/potters nor
builders were they."
heat proof to such an extent as to be used
for cooking in. . Comparing the Iroquoia
with them, he says:
.The beginning explains the broader In
fluences which have been at work upon
the races. The influence of the Ice age
drove the Esaulrnaux as far south
as the Ohio, and huddled the entire peo
ple of the continent into the constricted
space from there south to Yucatan, whera
the mighty race of the Mayas, in their
ornate ston? palaces, temples and strong
holds, magnificent and enduring* as those
of Karnak or the Acropolis, held the nar
row isthmus of Tenuantepec against the
assaults of a continent of people.
These were times to write about. Some
where their history is written: an Ameri
can Iliad by, an American Homer. On the
sculptured rocks of Yucatan the. story is
seen but by the chattering parrot or
blinking alligator. "Some sage may yet lift
the veil and retell It. That Is the sort of
possibility suggested by reading "North
Americans of Yesterday."
Under the head of Languages and Dia
lects, is given this Illustration of the lin
guistic wealth of the Amerinds:
The separate lane-uapres north of Mexico are
shown on this map, each by a different color,
every color standing for a variation in ian
giiaRe as great as that between Hebrew and
Er.Rilsh. not related as English and Spanish.
Klfty-«iKht are thus shown. This diversity is
not popularly understood, the majority of peo
ple believing that if a person could speak
Indian he could converse with every tribe on
the American continent. Yet within a limited
area in Arizona he would find useless in four
different tribes the language he had learned
ny in California, and in California itself,
some twenty or thirty tribes ¦would listen to
his words, as well as ta those of each other,
without a tilfam of understanding. And not
one of the languages of any of these tribes
would serve him in thVi Mississippi or Atlan
tic region any better than English.
Picture •writing and sign language are
then explained by the aid of copious illus
tration.
It. has always been heretofore an adinitr
ted fact, with those who did not know,
that the California Indian was of the
very lowest' type of all. They were classed
as and that settled it. That
this is a mistake is shown by Mr. Dellen
baugh's illustrations of of their wonder 1 
ful baskets, artistically decorated with
strangely dyed, strands, and water and
CONSTITUTIONAL HISTORY OF THE
UNITED STATES- By Francis Newton
Thorpe, Ph. D. Callachan & Co., Chi
cago. Three volumes, $7 50. . .
OUTLINES OF ROMAN HISTORY— By
William C. Morey, Ph. D. American Book
Company, New York. fl.
SWEET BRIER— By T>. M. Elshemus.
The Abbey Press. New York. $1.
EASY STEPS IN LATIN— By Mary
Haraer. , American. Book .Company. New
York. 73 cents.
WITH CHRIST AT SEA— By Frank T.
BuIIen. Frederick A. Stokes Company.
New York. Jl 50.
TWO HEROES AND A VTOLTN— By
Mrs. D. Blagi. F. Tennyson Neely. New
York. $1.
NORTON'S COMPLETE HANDBOOK
OF HAVANA AND CUBA— By Albert J.
Norton. Rand, McNally & Co.. Chicago^
$1 50.
Books Received.
SMILES AND TEARS FROM THB
KLONDIKE— By Alic© Rollins Crane,
Doxey's. New York.
"Unknown only a few years ago. Dr.
Genthe has sprung: into a prominence
which bids fair to become national. He
expresses an individuality in his work
.which stamps it as something distinctive
and apart from the conventional photo
graphic portrait."
Reproductions in splendid half-ton© are
given in the current issue of this maga
zine of all tha prize winners at the ex
hibit, and this alone, to say nothing of
the excellent articles which have been
contributed, makes it a number worthy of
preservation.
Every month we have. noted with pleas
ure the steady Improvement of a prom
ising magazine devoted to the Interest of
the photographer. Camera Craft. Tho
February number of Camera Craft Is of
special value, for It Is taken up largely
with Illustrations and articles relative to
the first San Francisco photographic sa
lon recently held with such success. Th«
frontispiece is a npfendid reproduction ot
a "Study— Head and Hand," by Dr. Ar
nold Genthe. which took the first prize
in portrait class. Dr. Genthe's work with
the camera Is certainly most remarkable.
His soft tones and striking effects have
not only made., him famous in San Fran
cisco but should give him a world-wide
reputation. Dr. Genthe's collection not
only won the first prize /or the best gen
eral display but also the first prize In tho
portraiture class. In an article on "Tho
Crand Prize Exhibit." Oscar Maurer says:
He who may be called the hero of tha
book is Stephen Brlce. a young? New Eng
lander who has gone to St. Louis to make
his fortune as a lawyer. This ta also
typical of the other stream of emigration
which has been settling Into Missouri and
Illinois for some time. The actual play of
the btory is between these antagonistic
element.". It will probably be published .
in March.
country lawyer. The story shows the?*
men. and later gives the contrast—per
haps the greatest contrast In the history
of tills nation; Lincoln as President of the
United States In the most trying period of
our history. Grant as th* greatest general
in the army of the United States, and
Sherman as the next greatest general,
and perhaps the more picturesque char
actor of the two. Tho heroine of tho
book. Virginia Carvel, is the great-grand
daughter of Richard Carvel. A branch of
the Carvel family. We" many other
branches of tidewater families, had emi
grated westward over the Tllu<* Rldgs
Mountains into Kentucky, where they
stayed for a few generation?", and thence
made their way to St. Louis. Virginia Is.
by every Inheritance, a daughter of tha
South.
THE - SUNDAY CALL;
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
4. Leonora and Elizabeth come to the res
cue of the quiet, girl, who would rather
see than be seen, for' no matter how gay
the throng may be there are always same
who prefer to swell the garden of the
wall-flowers.
.Where could one find a better or a
ly short- waisted and has a square collar
effect,' bordered with a heavy fringe." ' Both
are Just as swell as they can be, but they
are -too "¦¦ swell to • permit anything, that
even suggests romping— Just a look but
of the corner of the eye and a flirt of the
fan, you kno
made of soft clinging material. Baby
blue and white are usual . colors. A Ion*
fringed sash is. loosely tied and falls to
the floor. A white fichu, such as Martha
Washington always wore, draped off the
shoulders and fascened with a Jeweled pin
at the left side. . completes a study.
A more stately reveler has two elaborate
costumes to choose from. The Widow Be
witched and Bohemian Girl demand silks
and satins and beautiful gauzy laces. And
jewels! Don't attempt either one If the
heirloom box isn't well filled or unless
there is a trusty friend in the Transvaal
diamond business.
Necklaces that gleam in the dark, brace
lets and rings' ealore, a sunburst or two.
— ¦ ¦ ¦ . - :
and pernaps a lizard plnneo. aown to keep
hlih^ from crawling away. Evenj me slip
pers must have tiny buckles "that twinkle
as the, feet move in and out in the dance.
But. last and not least, there must.be
a tiara to reflect < with every gracious
nod of the head.
The funny little flowered Watteau pltat
lp'the back^ the lace apron* effect aiid the
panniers over a darker background rhako
a eown r that certainly": should • make, any
woman bewitching, let alone a widow. ;
Bohemian Girl delights In a train, the
longer the better. The bodice is extreme-
Fhotos by Fowzer.
seen "Bohemian Girl," "II Trovatore."
"Flower Girls of Paris" and the host of
other popular operas, or. If they haven't,
how many would be brave enough to con
fess to such a social crime? Not many
after our Grau puff.
The Flower Girl Is one of the noblest
characters, »ut Martonl needs a pretty
girl with a generous supply of dash and
vim to successfully portray that animated
"won't- you-buy-a-posey" miss. "' -•*';_' \ 1^-
What there is of the frock, for It is
cut off liberally at both ends, is usually of
a. brilliant red. with now and then a dash
of black. The material that was saved In
the extremities doesn't go to waste, for
this creation is very much beruffled and
has as many Rowers on rt as can be prei
tEy carried about. The flippers are black,
but pink or light lavender stockings are
ever so much prettier than white and
don't remind everybody of their grand
mothers.
Trust La Belle Parislenne to wear a hat
when she wants to look especially capti
vating. The largest cartwheel, caught up
here and there in a fantastic fashion with
brilliant colors, and set on the head in a
Jaunty, Impertinent manner, is the crown
ing glory.
And 'then the liberty! What would one
expect of a flower girl? Certainly not to
stand auietly In a corner and wait for
people to buy. Well, hardly.
Carmen or La Perichole makes a strik
ing get-up for a brunette. The peasant's
dress of red, black and white Is uni-
t?5X'T It Jolly . to have an attic that
I will furnish a masquerade gown all
II ready to slip into on ten minutes'
•-.otice?
T! < »e Is such an attic In town— one that
yields f uch treasures that one involuntar
ily looks in the corners for Aladdin's won
fierful lamp. It belongs to Mrs. A. J. Kel
leher, better known as Susan Galton. the
English opera singer, and the costumes
and Jewels were worn by her when she
starred through England and America in
her own company.
Now her daugher— another Sue, by the
way— Is tripping the velvet of society's
stage and Is breaking almost as many
hearts as her mother did when she wore
the eame gowns many years ago. When
ever charades, masks or fancy frocks ar*
mentioned the family storehouse is vis
ited, and after a little twisting and turn
ing Sue blossoms forth as Juliet, Elsa or
any other person that particularly pleases
her ladyship.
The masquerade ball is slowly but surely
coming Into vogue. San Francisco does
not intend to be so dreadfully behind the
times, and Is following in the wake of
New Oreleans and St. Louis Just as fast
as ehe can.
How long it will be before she will have
a gala week that will be heralded as the
Mardi Gras is In the South, or before ehe
will have a Veiled Prophet's procession
and ball remains to be eeen. Just a day
to be given over entirely to fun and fool
ishness! But she has certainly taken a
long step in that direction by having a
yearly Mardl Gras ball.
Blase society Is always looking for some
thing out of the ordinary to amuse the
people who have a perpetual "I-don't
care** feeling.
"How shall we plan that all be fresh and
new; Important matter, yet attractive,
too?"
To be masked lends a charm to any oc
casion. The very uncertainty of the thing,
the knowledge of flirting with friends and
strangers alike, the "hall fellow well met"
Fpirlt fills the air and mirth is contagious.
To completely hide one's personality
calls forth a great amount of ingenuity.
Some of the most catchy * and at the
same time well-known ideas have been
borrowed from the stage. Every one has
versally becoming; and then, too, tne
snug, little black velvet bodice sets off the
figure to the very best advantage.
Flowers of red and pink form a dainty
crown and show up prettily under a black
lace scarf. The Spanish girl has always
known the value of a scarf and fan, and
can handle them more to the point than
any of our American girls can.' It 'is al
most the only art used in ensnaring man
that they are not entirely and charmingly
at home in.
The demure little maid, with the face
of a Quakeress, may lower and band her
hair. Fanchon offers one of the simplest
frocks, yet simplicity Is a thing of beauty.
It Is a quaint, old-fashioned princess.
Iffi T a recent meeting of the New
/lA\ York County Medical Society sev
li v» eral papers ¦were read concerning
coffee as a beverage and Its ef
fects upon the nervous system. It was
ascreed that coffee la used by 100,000.000 hu
man beings.
Dr. I. N. Love, formerly of St. Louis,
read a paper, in which he said:
"I commenced making special observa
tions on the use and abus* of coffee fif
teen years ago, and presented a paper on
thlt subject ten years ago to the Missis
sippi Valley Medical Association. Thera
could be no question that coffee Is valua
ble aft an article of diet if used properly.
During childhood It should not be used
at all. The carelessness with which pa
rentt. permit even babies to drink coffee
Is remarkable. This is often done through
a desire to give the children a warm drlolc
In the morning. The 111 effects of tnls
practice are frequently met with by tha
physician. Such children early show poor
digestion and an Irritability of the nerv
ou* system.
"I have been surprised to find how com
mon this Is even among the well-to-do*
and how seldom physicians give the mat
ter due consideration. I am of the opin
ion that this habit Is a means of develop
ing In these persons as they grow older
a desire for something stronger. The ex
ceptional individual of excellent inherit
ance and strong physique, and with a well
poised nervous system, may use coffee and
tobacco from an early age without mark
ed detriment, but It should always be
borne In mind that these cases are de
cided exceptions. The child should hav«
no stimulant. Just as the thoroughbred
colt should have no whip' but oats or other
wholesome food.
"Coffee, tea and cocoa contain practi
cally the same active principle, but coffee
contains the largest proportion ' of this
substance — in other words, is tne strong
est. The physical satisfaction produced
by these beverages at mealtime is of much
Importance. Coffee houses Judiciously
placed and managed would undoubtedly
solve the saloon problem. , . ;' '
"Taken with the meal, coffee ts likely
to' disturb digestion. When I desire to
restrict tha diet In the treatment of obe
sity I advise the use of a cup of blaclc
coffee In 'the morning sandwiched In be
tween two cups of hot water. When uaed
In this way It stimulates peristalsis and
•Xavors digestion. At- the same time It re
moves the desire for food and enables ona
readily to become a member of the 'no
breakfast dub.'
"The after-dinner cup of black coffee ts
an example of the rlg-iu use of coffee*.
Coffee taken as indicated, without cream
and sugar, acts admirably and represents
what should be the proper and habitual
use of this beverage. The emergency use
of coffee for night work is all right If
done Judiciously; that Is, only as an occa
sional practice.** . ' -7a
Modern methods and perfected Instru
ments have made accuracy in engineer-
Ing truly remarkable.' Think of digging
' a tunnel two and one-half miles long by
working from opposite sides of a moun
tain and finishing In the middle with an
error in alignment of less than one-fourth,
of an inch! Thift Is what has Just been
accomplished In the construction of the
second largest tunnel in the United
States, the first being the Hoosac Tunnel.
In Massachusetts. This tunnel, in which
the headings have just met. and which la
now receiving its concrete lining, pierces
the Cascades in .the State" of Washington,
on the line of the Great Northern Rail
way, and has Its eastern portion In Che-
Ian County and its western in Kins
Counts
It was found that the headings had va
ried a little less than a quarter of an Inch
from a straight line,* that in distance their
error was but two Inches, and that the
grades of the halves of the tunnel varied
only two and owe-half inches.
Use and Abuse
of Coffee.
broader field than the operatic from -wrtitcti
to choose a masquerade gown? Are they
not all meant for the same purpose— to
play In?
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
HOW COSTUME FOR A MUSQUERADEshe had answered him:
" 'I am Delfa. the daughter of the spirit
of the winds, and 1 have drifted here
trem yonder snow-white castle In the
north. But Twill return there no more.
Henceforth my home' shall be with you
and your people.'
"And Immediately the spirit of the
¦winds arose In the north and In a terrible
voice commanded that his daughter be
restored to him Immediately. But when
the people of the tribe sought out their
cUcf and counseled him to cive the srin-
spirit of the winds.
"Now, when the ivory white canoe had
floated quite up to the shore a" great awe
fell upon the people, for* there, fast asleep
cmoxig the folds of an ermine robe, lay
a. beautiful maiden, whose Fkin was as
fair as the mow flower and whose hair
•was like a mantle of sunshine. But when
the chief had borne the maiden to the
shore and questioned her- whence -she
came he was troubled In his heart, for
Ing silently toward the Ehore from the di
rection of the castle where dwelt the
MEMBER of one of the former
// y Peary expeditions to Greenland
il*y> tells of a curious tradition of the
Eskimos to account for the long
Arctic nipht and Its Intense cold.
"There was a time," they say, "long
generations ago, when the sun never set
on the regions of the north, and when
the strands along the sea were forever
hidden with mantles of living green.
"Hence it was that peace and plenty
Jell to the lot of this people and sorrow
was unknown anon: them. But one day
a stranjre thing came to pass. As the
people were resting and feapting among
the trees, as was their custom through
out their wakeful hours, a beautiful
canoe, as white as Ivory, was seen drift-
Pretty Legend of
the Arctic Night.
'jpj? REMARKABLE sight was recently
ALA\ seen on Louise avenue in Brussels.
J[~~y> An electric railroad had .been laid
In the avenue and soon after the
cars becan to run it was noticed that
the leaves of the trees which bordered one
side had suddenly become brown and that
soon afterward they dropped off and a
new growth of foliace took their, place.
Meanwhile the trees on the other side
were not affected In any way. They lost
their leaves, as all trees do In autumn,
but they gave no evidence, of new life and
presumably they will .iot blodm again un
til next spring.
This unusual occurrence attracted the
attention of several botanists and,- after
making an investigation, they concluded
that It was due to the electric, currents
which were underground near the roots of
those trecc which nad put. forth new
leaves at a time when all other trees were
preparing for their long winter's rest. Tho
botanists further expressed the • opinion
that the currents would not do the slight
est Injury to the trees, but, on the con
trary, would have the effect of a tonic on
them. • " ....
Trees Affected by
Electricity.
"But her tiame sounds kind of funeral,
don't "it?" objected the Old 'Groceryman,
feebly. '
, "Not a bit. . Plenty of life about her.
Why/so many men come to see her that
she's had to build a bridge, across the
street to accommodate them all. They
all sigh for her 'favor, you. see:, so she's
named I he bridge' 'The Bridge of
Sighs. 1 ' "
V'That settles it." announced ; the . Old
Groceryman, "I'll serenade her this "very
night. I'll sing my very sweetest, and
maybe—"
'."Maybe she'll open the door and let you
come in and call."
"But it'll be pretty late for calljn', woil't
it. at midnight?" ?¦ ' , ' V :'
"Not In New York.They keep, late hours
in the Tombs household. Why, people
keep dropping In ever so much later than
that."
"I'll go," chuckled the Old Groceryman,
as he settled this last doubt. ,. , '
"But remember," cautioned the Bad
Boy, "she's very, romantic, as you can
judge/ from her building: and that Bridge
of Sighs. So you must dress for the part."
"How?" ;.
''Well, a lot of her visitors set a
fashion of wearing striped clothes," .an-
ewered the Bad Boy. "ana you'd better
try something a little more picturesque.
Why , not hire a broad-brimmed, ¦ plumed
sombrero and a long scarlet'cloak* and a
guitar at a costumer's? Then" you'll,
look like a Spanish Hidalgo as you twang
dreamy love songs In the moonlight be
;neath h»r barred lattice."
"My!" murmured the Old Groceryman.
."you_. talk : just* like al' dime novel. I'm
off fo'r the costumer's, and to-night you'll
have to show me where ; Mrs. Tombs
lives."
Midnight was strikinr from old Trin
ity as two figures emerged from a cab ,
. at the corner of Center and , Franklin
streets and- dismissed the vehicle, and
walked up -'Franklin' street under - the
shadow of the little bridge. .
The distant* electric light revealed one
form as' that of the: Bad Boy, 'while the
other; could be recognized under. Its
scarlet cloak and plumed hat as the Old
Groceryman.
The old man carried his hired guitar as
though ; it'' was ; a" colicky baby.' ' ..
"There,'', whispered the Bad Boy.
pointing to a lighted .' window on the
second'floor. "there's her boudoiri Now
tune up and begin. Don't be bashful. She
admires a fine loud voice."
"lives In a fine big house, doesn't she?**
exclaimed the old man as his eyes slowly
took In the outlines of the massive builJ-
Ing. "Plenty of company coulw be accom
modated there."
"She's" the most hospitable, old lady in
New : York," answered the Bad Boy.
"Keeps open house all the year round.
Her guests are raada 10 feel so much at
home that some. of Ihem stay as long a3
six months. But tuire up. I'll get out
of the way so as not to mar yourchances
¦when she peeps out of her window to
see who It Is that is singing so divinely."
"There!" groaned the Old Groceryman,
'"I'm so rattled and flabbergasted that I
declare I've clean forgot all them lovely
old serenades I'd thought up. What'll I
do?"
"Oh, sing any old thing, so long as you
sing it loud," counseled the .Bad Boy.
"Only, hurry up, for it's past midnight al
ready, and maybe somo other aspirant tor
her favor may happen along and cut you
out. r Everything depends on being flrbt
on the field, you know. Good-by."
And the Bad Boy sneaked away Into
the night.. but as. he went' he could hear
the Old Groceryman begin his serenade
'In a voice that made th« windows rattle.
The old man had forgotten his Intended
words, bo sang such snatches of old ani
new songs as happened to com© to his
memory.
The result was somewhat aa follows:
Oh. believe ma U all thosw endearing- youn*
charms
Were to-Swtm out. CGradr. swim cot!
*Tls the hut rose of rummer left blooming
alone.
And his name Is read above his head; you c*a
i*e It if you rubber.
Td offer yoa this hand of mln»
Ju«t because she made them koo-koo eye*.
Gray dawn was breaking next moraine
when the Bad Boy woke up In his bed at
the hotel to find the Old Grocerynuia
¦ standing ruefully clutching at the foot
board.
. "That— that Toombs residence you
steered me up against." began the. oM
nian sternly. "Isn't nothing but a prison."
"You don't say so. ' gasped the Bad
Boy. and he buried his face In the pillow
to hide his crief.
"Yes. I do say so!" thundered the Old
Groceryman. "And. morepver. It I
thought you'd got me into a fix like that
on purpose wh^ — why — well, there'd be a.
whole lot of carriages drlvuv very alorr
behind you; That's all."
"And the Old Grocervman stamped off to
his own room without awaiting m. reply.-
CEOEQQ W. PECK.
rt S it better to sleep with the head high
or low? This is a auestion which man
ii ufacturers of bedclothes apparently
answered long ago by announcing au
thoritatively that no one In his senses
would 'think of lying down to sleep unless,
he has a pillow and a bolster under h's
head. Now, however, a French scientist
comes forward and says that any one
who rests his head on a pillow and bol
ster while he is sleeping Is slowly but
surely committing suicide. This scientis:
is-M.-A. Feret and it was .at the recent
meeting of the French Society of Hygiene
, that he expressed his heterodox views on
the subject. . ¦•.•-.-
According to M. Feret the- enly natural
position for a man while sleeping: Is the
horizontal one and" the first Ihlng to' do-In
order to accustom one's self to It is to re
move the bolster. Within a few months!,
he says, one .will be able to Bleep, much
more calmly than ever before, and. more-,
over, the general health will bo much im
proved.
"This statement," he Insists, "Is not
made lightly, but is the . result of long
experience."
The next step,' he Bays, is to remove the
pillow, for not until then will the circula
tion of the blood be a* free as it .should
be. .
In further explanation he says that the
pillow and bolster keep the head and neck
at ah 'abnormal ansrle and that: conse
quently the sleeper's entire body remains
during the night in an uncomfortable posi
tion and one which , impedes the / free
course of the blood through the vessels
*nd orcans. ....... .
Is It Suicidal to
Sleep on Pillow?
"Well," admitted the Old uroceryman,
"the name does sound kind. of familiar,
but I can't place her just now. la sha
rich?" • / . .
"Rich!"' echoed the Bad Boy, VI should
•say so.* Lives in. one of the finest nnd
most expensive- houses In New York, cor
ner of Center and Franklin streets. Those
are fashionable streets, as you c,in tell by
the sound."
"When the spirit of the winds looked
forth and beheld . the princess cold / in
death on the desolate strand jhis anger
was yet more terrible against kneel
ing multitude and he commartded dark
ness to come down upon them. And the
ice and the cold and the darkness con
tinued Tor the space of many days before
the offended spirit would relent and suf
fer the sunshine to return for a brief sea-
Eon."-Chicago Chronicle.
cess Into her father's hands the " youth
Ftood mute before them. Then. In obedi
ence to a gesture, they entered his ruined
house, and there on a couch lay the beau
tiful princess, with- her white hands
whiter now than the *now flower — folded
silently over her breast.
before the" mirror and began trolling
forth a few bars from a love song that
was popular when he was a young man
and James K_ Polk was President.
"And now how -about the name of one
of them widders?" he broke off to ask.
"Well," observed the Bad Boy, after
thinking deeply for a moment or " two,
"there's Mrs. Tombs."
"No; Mrs. Tombs. Do you mean to say
you never heard* of her?" , •
*spHE Old Groceryman had had eo
ij many and such varied experiences
jl during his brief stay In New York
that h* was beginning to look back
at his old life »t home as a port of vague
dream and to Imagine himself a thorough
paced New Yorker and a man about town.
The Bad Boy viewed this frame of mind
•with delicht. and repeatedly assured the
Old Groccryman that the latter was "the,
real thine" and that he was developing
tr.to a dead-game 5port- And this increased
the old man's growing self-esteem to such
»n extent that there was no living in th»
came- house with him.
The Bad Boy. coming up from Wall
rtreet late In the afternoon, found the Old
Groceryrr.an the center of a delighted
throng: at the hotel bar.
The old man was telling stories of his
Cay life In New York, and at the end of
«ach Ftory he would Insist on every one
present stepping up to the bar and having
a Ftlmulant. This made the rrnwd clamor
for Fhorter and more frequent stories. The
old man would comply with readiness, and
rs each anecdote ended would turn to the
barkeeper and Ray sternly:
"Barkeep, fulfill your manifest destiny
In life by replenishln* every glass in
eight."
The Bad Boy enjoyed the scene hugely
until he found that the drinks were all
betas charged up to his own account, and
then bo thought It was time to Interfere,
and he rut his old frk-nd out of the herd
<as lie expressed it) and lo<l him off to
their own apartments.
But what he imagined to be hi* great
eucrr-5s as a raconteur woke the Old Gro
ceryman's sporting instincts, and on
reaching his rnnm he suddenly turned to
the Bad Boy and said:
"Fay: Do you know to-morrow's Valen
tine das'? Do folks here in New York
«-c!ohrate it at all. or don't It come so far
East?"
"Of course they celebrate it." replied
the Had Boy. f*It"« celebrated better In
New York than anywhere else In this vast
urJverye. Do you mean to Fay you've
draped out an Idle existence to your acre
•without ever hearing how New Yorkers
celebrate St. Valentine's day?"
"Sure, I've heard, again and again,"
protested the Oid Groceryman, unwilling
to seem ignorant concerning any item of
lntereFt in the affairs of the metropolis,
"but I guess I'll get you to tell m<* all
over again— Just to see if you really know
as rau<'h about it as I do."
"Well," began the Bad Boy. "in the first
place, of course, you know the custom of
eerenn<5ing your lady love at midnight,
just as the Ftroke of 12 heralds the ap
proaching 1 of St. Valentino's day."
"Yes, yes.' 1 agreed ~th«~Oid " Groeery
man, "I remember that custom, of course,
and I'd like blamed wpll to celebrate it.
But, you Fee, 1 ain't got no lady love in
New Ynrk, not to spi-alc of. and eo "
"You haven't got one yet. I know," in
terrupted the Bad Boy. "but. of course,
you remember that that's the favorite
method of proposing in New York."
"What is?" broke in the old man, for
gretting for the moment ¦ that he had
claimed to know all about It.
"Why. when a man wants to win a girl's
heart he ptands outside her window at
midnight St. Valentine's morning and
tings her a serenade. If she's pleased
•with his voice and the song he sings »jhe
usually accepts him."
"Yes, yes, I remember now, of course."
chimed in the Old Groceryman, "and I'd
like mighty well to try that form of pro
posal on some rich wldder to-night. But
the only trouble is that you haven't intro
duced me to any of >m yet."
"But," protested the Bad Boy. "surely
THE V SUNDAY CAI/fr.
6
you remember that such a serenade acts
as an Introduction!"
"So it does, bo it does," cried the old
man. delightedly rubbing his hands to
gether, "and by jrum, I'll try It. Just you
give me the name and address of one of
them same rich wldders and she'll get
a tine, harmonious, high-grade serenade
from me this very night. L,ucky it's St.
Valentine's eve, ain't it?" And the Old
Groceryman took a couple of dance steps
Coprrttfrt. VKL by Pw Publlrtilnr Company.
New Tork World.
PECKS BAD BOY AND THE GROCERY MAN
CELEBRATE ST VALENTINES DAYThe blood of the Hoosler is less easily
heated than that of hia neighbor across
the Ohio. Yet. if one Is to judge from tho
numb* r of swear words and exclamations
In -use in our State \* would seem that
even we occasionally feel their need. Of
the following list of exclamatory expres
sion? all are considered In good form on
certain occasions at least In som<\ part*
of the State: "Jerusalem" crickets."
"shucks.** "by Jlng." "by crloky." t'dlnged
If -I Uon't." "jeeminycrlmmtny-'whlz."
"gosh danged," "gosh a'mighty." "I
*wan." "gee whfz." "gee whllllken"
(formed on Jerusalem), "by gravy," "by
grab." "dad xooks." "dad burn." "by
gum." "great scott." "all-fired." "I'll b»
dogon'd" or "darcon'd" (Barry uses a
rlmllar term, "datronet." In "Sentimental
Tommy"), "for the ' land's sake." "my
goodness." "oh. my." "the dickens," laws
a-mercjr." "plague take It."
The demand for words and expressions
to relieve overwrought fueling seems to
be felt by all humanity— Hoosler human
ity as well as otherwise.
An examination Of some of th* folTc
words and phrases that have been cur
rent in Indiana will reveal many things
of historical interest. Think, for example,
of the testimony of former economic con*
ditions contained in the expression "sharp
bit." In the early days there was but lit
tle or no change in the country, nor was
it convenient for traders comjng from
New Orleans and elsewhere to bring with
them any other than the larger coins. la
order to make sin«ll«r change the settlers
cut. these coins Into pieces, and tnesa
pieces were known a<< "sharp bits."
farther, "kin" for can. "quare" for queer,
"puty" for pretty, "drap for drop,
"seed"' for saw. "kinder for kind of.
"sheer" for share, 'tuck' for took "sum
pin" for something, "ole" for old. toiler
for boiler, "kittle" for kettle. *'h Isted
for hoisted, "j'lnt" for Join, "ruinated
for ruined, etc.
Person* who have lived In the rural dis
tricts of the State will recognize the fol
lowing very common expressions; "All
git-out." as in "It's a-rainln' to beat all
git-out;" "passel." as in "They're Jlst a
passel of fools;" "hump your stumps," as
"Hump your stumps, ole woman, and git
me up a snack:" "fixln's," as In "pie an*
cake an' chicken, an* slch fixln's" (said to
be common In Pennsylvania): "finicky —
1. e.. finical; "slather." as In "He Just
slathers away and says anything:" "she
nanigan." to cheat; "thlng-a-majlg," a*
in "What kind of a thlng-a-rajig have you
got there?"
come, through successive stop?, common.
mean, low down. Its use Is by no means
confined to Indiana.
The word "mosey." frequently heard In
such expressions • as, "He moseyed off
down the crick." has the Hoosier stamp,
but la met. with elsewhere. The diction
aries which confine K are curiously in er
ror as regards Its meaning. According to
them it means to move off quickly, to get
out, to light out, to hustle. Eut in Cen
tra! Indiana, at Ip.ist.it means to saunter
along, to walk slowly along, as if with
no particular destination in view, and is
rarely or never used 1n the sense given
by the dictionaries. Most accounts of Its
derivation are equally erroneous. One au
thor tells a story of a defaulting Postmas
ter named Moses, tvho teft between two
days, and he absurdly connects the word
with the name and manner of flight. The
word .possibly cornea from the Spanish
Imperative verb, "vamos." go: I. e.. it -In
a Variation of "vamoose." which Is s«o de
rived, and which has some of the mean
ings ascribed to., "rnosey."
Probably some, if not all, cf the follow
ing word* and phrases are more frequent
ly used In Indiana than elsewhere: "Heap
sight." as In "more ground by a heap
sight"; "juberous'." ae In "I felt mighty
juoerous about crossin' the rivpr": "Jam
boree." in the' sense of a "big tfme":
"flabbergasted." 1. e. t exhausted: "garg
ley,"'l. e.. awkward: "I mind that," for
"I remember that"; "bumfoozled."' I. e..
"rattled"; "whangdoodle." as In "Are you
going to. the whangdoodlo to-night?"
But the individuality of a dialect Is, in
,fact. • far more a result of accent qr of
pronunciation than of the -possession of
expressions peculiar to itself. As has just
been pointed out. Indiana has but few
provincialisms that are peculiarly her
own.* But where else than. In Indiana
would one hear' the long-drawn flatness
of the "a" In «such words as "sassers,"
"saft." "parsnips." etc.? Or where else
would one hear such a sentence as "I
swum straight acrost the crick, an' kept
a-gbln* right ahead through the paster.
an* dim plum to the top of yan ridge
ox-er yander. an' wm considerable tired
like comln' down t'other side, but at last
got to that air road." pronounced as a
citizen of "Hoopole Kyounty, Injeanny."
.would have pronounced it > forty years
ago?. . .
¦•• Perhaps the ¦ most marked characteris
tic of Incorrect as compared with correct
speech consists in the abbreviation or con
tortion of words.- In Indiana It Is common
to bear "fur" used for far. "further" for
PECULIARITIES OF DIALECT IN THE HOOSIER STATE
ARTICULARLY marked Is the dls-
Xfs-J) similarity between the folk speech
\\y^ ot the northern part of tho State
i and that'of the southern part. TJ»e
settlers In the. north, cams .mainly from
New England. Pennsylvania. New York
and Northern Ohio, s.nd in consequence
there exists in the north a strong Yankee
twang. Those in the southern part catne
mainly from Virginia. Maryland. South
ern Ohio; the Carolinas. Kentucky and
Tennessee, and the idiolect show? ; the
Boutherhlnfluence, containing some points
of similarity. to the negro and the "poor
white" or "cracker" dialect.
The expression "right smart.", as in the
sentence. "He has a right smart chance
of corn,", is an illustration of the dluslm
llarlty. The expression is used generally
in Central-. and Southern Indiana, but is
rarely met with farther north. It la worth
noticing that while "right," In the sense
of "very," Is so much used in the South
as tq be considered by some writers a
Southern provincialism. -It is as well de
scended" as most English _ words. The
psalms have "I myself ' will Wake right
early."- . '
Not only has folk speech never been
uniform '.throughout Indiana, but exact
geographical bounds cannot be ; given to
the Hoosler dialect. It does not end with
States lints, but extends beyond them into
Kentucky, Ohio,' Michigan and Illinois,
gradually becoming modified and shading
oft into, other .dialects. Much the same
may be said in regard to the other dia
lects extending into Indiana. Doubtless,
also, in many States farther. West there
are colonies « of ¦ transplanted Hoosiers
where the "dialect is spoken in almost its
original purity, while all over tho United
States expressions of Hoosler birth havo
beeomo domiciled.
The fact is. it has always been true, and
never more so than tn these days of rapid
communication and shifting population,
that , In nothing 1 is the student of folk
speech 60 liable to error as in-assigning
geographical limits to a word or phrase.
Our local dialects,.: from which •, we get
many. of our folk .words and phrases, are
pretty thoroughly mixed.
For example,' take, the familiar word
"tote," a word which we know did not
originate In Indiana, yet which has be
come a part of Hoosler dialect. Most per-
sons, if questioned as to the origin and
range of this ¦word, would doubtless, con-,
nect it with tho negro, and certain it la"
that the negro— especially the' negro In
dialect stories— uses . th« word freely. As
a matter of fact. ho\vever, the word was
in use in .Virginia at least as early as 1677,
when thero. were four times more white
bond servants than there were' negroes.
There are old, abandoned post roads In
Maine, where negroes were unknown, that
went by tho name of "tote roads." and,
furthermore, the word "tote" was a com
mon one in England during the seven
teenth century. The conclusion mu3t,
therefore, be that "tote" is not of African
origin, nor Is its use conlined to localities
where negroes are found.
"Cantankerous" is .another word often
met with in." Hoosler dialect, but by no
means conlined to the narrow bounds of
our State. Thackeray speaks of a- "can
tankerous humor." Charles Egbert Crad
dock (Miss Murf ree>. in her story, "Tho
Casting Vote." puts into the mouth of tho
Coroner tho sentence, "He's ez hardheart
ed, an' tyrannical, an' perverse, an 1 can
tankerous a critter ez e,ver lived.'-' Even
Chaucer makes use of the word . "con
teke."- from which "cantankerous" Is
probably derived. ., • .
So wide, indeed. Is the geographical dis
tribution of most folk words and phrases
•that; while taking the United States .over,
one can. collect ¦ great numbers of collo
qulallsms. It Is extremely 'difficult to find
words or phrases that aro confined to a
single -dialect. The; fact "'is, the mixing
process has been so effective that mos,t
provincialisms have ceased to be provin
cial.' The writers of this article axe com
pelled to confers, and they take no shame
to themselves for so doing, that In spite
of considerable pearch they have been un
able to find a single provincialism which
they would be willing to assert Is at pres
ent confined to Indiana alone. . .
"Wants out" and "wants in." In such
sentences a* "The dog W3 nts out"— that
is. '-'wants to go out"— have been pointed
out as peculiar to our State. Possibly so,
but the elision occurs In", othei" phrases,
e. g., "They -let me In for a nickel.** "The
hired man wants off." and Is so simple
and -useful' that, its -'use is probably wide
spread.
A native of Massachusetts, once asked
one ' of the : writers • about the . word "or
nary,".-saying he, had never heard it out
side of Hoosie.rdom. The word is a simple
and. natural variation of "ordinary."
through the short pronunciation of "ord"
nary," and Its present meaning has b«-
neard shouts of excltsment and enthusi
asm as the. ball knocked down four, pins
and a 'uost and followed the first out of
the window. "When they had assisted Mr.
Bowser to his feet and all had taken a
drink over' his mlraculoua bowling, the
thought suddenly struck him that he
ought to go home. He also grot It Into his
Bowser? Where's ole man Bow—bow- — "
And tie slept and snored.
\; : :\i'f., ' « ? ¦
Occasionally Fecret service Information
comes from an unexpected source, as was
the case last year with a New York bank.
The president of this institution, who Is
something of a crusty customer, received
a ' call one morning from a gentleman
whose principal claim to distinction rested
on a preternaturally large and clean
shaven jaw overhan&injr a highly re
splendent diamond o( Indubitable worth.
The caller proceeded. at once to business,
introducing himself as beinc "the Inside
man with Square Mike Smith" (naming a
will come out all right."
It was true that a pain under his shoul
der blade had seat Mr. Bowser to a quack
doctor, and that ha had been told to ex
ercise more and eat less. He had imagined
about all the rest. After getting out of
the house, he let no grass grow under his
feet before reaching the club. He was
/ •
IF there v.crc zvcl\ a thing as a beauty
show for men few white men would
stand a.ny chance for the prize against
a certain full-blooded American In
dian now living In Now York City. This
man Is Tahamor.t. a brave of the Abe
r.oV.l tribe of Indians, who is rrpirded by
artl^U a* almost a perfect specimen of
manly beauty, both In face and figure.
From the point of view of the athlete
the Indian lacks flesh nnd muscle, as he
5« six feet two Inches tall and weipha but
:M pounds. But his physique is all bon«
end Flnetr and he has the power and en
durance for -which his race Is famous.
Tahamont is greatly In demand as an
artist'* model and receives. It Is sold, the
highest price for posing paid to any male
modeL Hi* face and fisuie are familiar
to thousands who see the illustrations In
the prominent weekly papers. K. TV.
Deirlrg. De Conta Smith and Frederic
Remington are amonc the well-known
artists who draw from him. Tahamont
Is an expert on Indian dress and orna
mentation. His wife, who Is like him
telf a full-blood of ihe Abenalds, also
poses. The Abenakls. formerly resldenta
of Maine, have moved to St. Francis.'
Canada, where they are prosperous and
good citizens. In the Abenaki tongue
TahaznosX £!ff&i£cs ""The time of corn
gri?*!^ ' rg.**
MOST PERFECT
INDIAN MODEL IN
ALL AMERICA
(Ccpyrtgh*, 1X1. rv C. B. LewisJ
W7HEX Mr. Pnr^r reached hom«
thvcthrr ovonlns his looks gave'
away t};e fact that he had some
scheme on fcnj,d. and all throu<:i
the tllr.ner hour Mrs. Bow«t>r wah wonler
lr.g whether ho had bought a family h<>5
or taken stock In xn umbrella wh ! ch
cou3<l b«> carried in the vest pocket when
not in use. Sh« «rmit«d patiently for hi»
news, and Bt last sai<3:
"I don't want to startie yon. Mrs. Bott
*er. but I leel it my duty to tell you
something. As my wife you ouylrt to
know what the doctor pays about m»."
"But what can he say aoout you. except
that you are In first-class health?" s^io
ftskM.
"T«*" I lock to be In first-class health.
2H<?n r'a"=s me or. the street and can' me:
but. ala=. they don't know: I have sus
pected it for several months past, but nniy
to-dsv ha\e I been fully satisfied."
"You've fcnr<» off to some quack dnctnr
«r;<l let y-.'.rr. stu^! you with a. lot of non
tf-r.sf. You've got an appetite • liks a
her?", you pleep like h. log, and I'd like
to *«-e a healthier man than you «r*.
What Old the foci of a doctor fay?"
"Mre. FSowser, you are addressing your
busbaodr
••I know that, and he's got another tnJt
on har.d. I real'/ believe that if anybody
#0)oui<l c<<ni<? around with a tin horn you' 4
buy it and try to ~rt up *i new toot. '
At nimost any olh^r time those words
would have jumped Mr. Bowser a foot
]-.iph. but on this occasion he re*na<ned
calm and r'iaci<l. and there was a '-ouch
of pathos in Ms tone as Vie replied:
."Very well, Mrs. Bowser.; we will lef
the subject drop right here.' If I rile a
few years before my time odds Is the dif
ference."
He dropped into a chair and n^ld hi?
head in his hands, and the cat came in
from the hall and sat down In front of him
and looked so mournful that Mrs. Bowser
melted enouea to Fay:
"V.'ell, what <SM tho doctor say?'*
"General decay of the muscuiar system
above the waist," answered Mr. Bowser.
"I forget tvhai medical term v e used, but
that's what It amounts to. Too vS?.>ru"ja
action- cf the heart, combined with lack
of exerci.«*, Ij what has brougnt it about.
I may ct-1-aDiO any day."
"Didn't the doctor sav there was u
remedy?"
"V«»: he advised "Immediate and vlafuf
ouv'exercl** — something for the «r-n.-« -»nd
Ehnu'.dfXM In particular. I went r!^l:t out
and joined a 'bowling club, anJ I thousot
I'd drop In tills evening and r»K a few
bat's. If it a«su't a case of life :»ncS Jeitli
•you krow " * •
"I see."
"Under the circumstance you won't
raise a row about my be'itii; cult- for the
evening? *
"No. If you have decay of tha rouxcuiar
f>y?te»n vou must see to it at once."
"That's vhai the doctor s:iid. Tou
neein't sit u;> for me."
"No?" ,;;¦'.;¦ -'.
"It may be a little late, you see. If I
find my muscles limbering: up'l shall keep
right at it. Just go right to bed at the
usual time and don't worry about my con
dition. I think I have taken It In time and
fixed star In the gambling house firma
ment). '',"•*,-'¦
"You think you don't -want to know
me," he continued, pointing a fat finger
at the disgusted president's solar plexus,
"but you do. I want to put you onto your
cashier."'
The urbane banker growled out his dis
inclination to hear anything about his em
ployes, but the visitor only hitched hla
chair up a foot nearer and lmperturbably
proceeded.
"He 1 ? up in' the place every night, that
cash pusher of yours, roiling the bank'*
shiners across .the green."
"He's been winning your money. I sup
pose, and that Is why you are here giving
information that nobody wants," sneered
the banker.
"Copper that bet unless you want to go
broke.." said the "sport." quietly.
"What do you mean, by that?"
"Copper it. I say. You're twisted. He
ain't getting our money. We're, getting,
his; his or the bank's." .
"Oo you expect me to believe that you
came down here "
"Sayi I'm busy." the visitor interrupted,
with sudden vigor. "I know you. You're
one of those dead ones that think they
know it all. I ain't got the time to hear
you tell it. Here's the point. Your cash
ier blows In his dough at our place. That's
all right. Then he blows. in the bank's
dough for a few thou'. and what hap
pens? "Why. you get onto him and you
make a horrible beef, don't you? And,
then it all gets Into the papers and the.
cops has to make a play by closing us for
a couple of weeksi right In the rush of tha
season. "We want that cashier reeled in.
He got to hi* ?eet. That's all. Take him
away, see? Take h!m away."
And with a sudden violent gesture that
would have knocked a fly oft the tip of
the banker's chin If a presumptuous Insect
had happened to be there the visitor
turned and went, leaving the banker
blinking and speechless.— S. H. Adams in
Alnslee's.
THE BUND AT CALL.
Tahamont, a Brave of the Abenaki Tribe.
7
MR. BROWSER'S TRIBULATIONS.
HE JOINS A BOWLING CLUB
AND TAKES HIS FIRST LESSON
warmth welcomed, and was told tnm .he
•Irst thing In order was to take a drink.
It' came out soon after he had swallow-d
his glass that he was attacked with decay
of the muscular system, and by advice he
took another. The twenty men at the
club that evening were all thoughtful,
Uind-hearted men. and when Mr. Bowser
got his coat and vest off and his suFpenri
ers tied around his [waist and Was ready
for bowling, they suggested that he have
a little something to drink to take the
stiffness out of his shoulders. When he
rolled his first .ball it jumped out of the
alley and knocked a colored boy Into the
mldd.e o* next week and then crashed,
through * window, and some enthusiastic
individual siiRgested cocktails. His. soc
oad remained .on the alley and jumped
over the pins and knocked the s:cte of the
house out, arid that incident created thirst
for more drink.
Mr. Bowser was Ilmherer on his lees and
Feeintr twenty-four phis and three or four
alleys when he mad* ready to roll his
third ball. He meant to mako it a win
ner. He pot a firm grip and swung It I*
and fro. and. then took a shor: run an-i
let her j;o. The action caused him to wit
down on the waxy planks-wlth a jar that
shook his teeth in their sockets, and he
h*>"rt that he must carry th? ' victorious
ball with him to show Mrs. Bo'wspr. and
as he seemed Inclined to be crusty about
It. he was permitted to have his own way.
He departed v.'ith his coat and vest on em
arm and the ball under the other, and half
an hour later the sleeping Mrs. Bowser
was awakened by a racket which scared
her. ha»f to heath." Some one was moving
about on the floor below, and there ner«
hlcooughlng and chuckling: and gurgling;
Sh«^ threw on her wrapper and. descend
ing, found Mr. . Bowser had lighted th«
gas and was just about to begin' bowling,
lie was hatless, coatless anl vcstless, and
he was weaving about on hi* legs*.
"What on earth alls you?" she. tlemand
rd as she took In the situation.
."Nnzzlr. all? me-nozzln tall!" he thickly
replied, as he lookeJ at her blankly.
"Now, 7«n. .everybody sntand ashldo
while 1 knocker down more'n a million
pins!"'. •
• He stood U\ th'» front window and sent
the ball roiling and. leaping and bounding
down the pnrlc after tha cat. creating a
nois- that -.vok« • up penjMo across the
strict, and then, with a happy expression
on his faco, he sank down on the floor and
murmured:
"Mlshus Bowser, . I'll roll you" t'r. er
drinks, I will. Shay, you orter shee shome
of er shots I made to-nicht. Knocked
down shlx drinks' and more'n a million
pins. Shay, now, zhat doctor was rlsjht—
health back— got er life back— whocpce f'r.
me! Where's' er cat? Vv'hexe's i>i!shu3They buckled on the awkward bundle of
cork and Uit captsUa gave orders to pull
"An* here's y*er life preserver— put hit
on. Wen we get amongst them swells
yez liable to go overboard, with the boat
an' the whole of us!"
"Are yez neither sugar ner salt?" quer
ied one. "'Cause If yez be, yez'U sure get
melted afore we* come ashore."
I was hoisted through the air as though
my one hundred and thirty-eight pounds
of avoirdupois were no • more than a
feather's weight; and found myself being
carried through the rushing water. An
other hoist and I was pitched Into the
boat and given a seat at the front The
seven Bailors .laughed.
"How are you going to grt to the boat?"
he asked. "You will get wet; if you want
to go aboard— here, I will carry you!"
A hard row of ten minutes or so com
pleted the warming-up practice, and the
boat made her way again to shore. As
her white tip came over the last wave
the crew dropped their oars and bounded
out. waist deep, bracing themselves
against the inpouring torrents, and strug
gling to control the boat. But the Gold
en Gate was swept from their grasp and
dashed upon the sand.
The captain In his big rubber boots
waded ashore.
Four pairs of oars struggled against
the beat of the ocean. The trim white
boat rose over the wave only to be dashed
back again. Three times were the com
mands given and ttie boat forced out Into
the roaring foam before the Golden Gate
•was launched; then like a white swan
Ehe rose and fell, taking the rolling waves
as they came falling upon her, and the
eight oars lifting and dropping, sending
the boat forward between the waves in
long, ewirt leaps. Further out the swells
came regular and the Golden Gate cir
cled widely, rising perpendicularly to
mount the rushing masses of water, and
dipping down gracefully beyond It out
of Bight until the swell had passed.
Out of the sound of the rushing waves
the voices of the men came back indis
tinctly. The captain was giving the com
xnanfls.
"All together, lads! Ship oars! Give
•way! Harder on the starboard! Give
•way all!"
With the final swing the "Golden Gate"
rose high Into the air. pitched out from
the boat wasron and splashed Into the
angry waves. Captain Varney and seven
men leaped into the water, staggering
against the Incoming mountains of sea,
and clambered over the eides of the toss-
Ing boat, taking their places beside the
oarlocks.
"Yo-oh. heave, ho-oh heave, yo-oh! Now
¦with her, lads! Yo-oh, yo-o-oh, heave!"
THE waves were rolling mountain
high, lashing themselves Into a
foam against the sands below the
Cliff House. It was 10 o'clock in. the
•morning, on the day of the life cavers'
weekly drllL
"They won't go out this morning," said
a. bystander; "it's too rough."
Eut they did. Rough water was what
the men of the Government service were
looking for, and the rougher the better
practice for them, whether or not there
Ehould be a loss of life among them.
Down the hill from the station came
the boat waeon, drawn by two heavy
horsee. In the teeth of a biting wind the [
crew In their white canvas uniforms
leaped to their places and as the horses
backed up to the edge of the lashing wa
ter they worked together with a ewing
and a cry.
. ;¦ away. C There was a - rough • ten : minutes
| setting over the first breakers. .. We were
beaten- back twice, but the' eight strong
- oarsmen buffeted steadily until the half
dozen shore - rollers were; climbed. .' Then
we went cutting through the* water, rising '
> on .the' small swells -and ' dipping down - on
the other Bide like 'the flight of; the' swal
low. '¦ Further out we met ; the big swells—
madly rolling mountains of water. When
each one was upon u s there came the
clear, ; firm order { of the"; captain, "Alto
gether lads; give way, port side; look out!
Over she -goes!" The bow of the Golden
> Gate, shooting ¦ upward perpendicularly,
1 leaped over the curling -wave and. came
• down *¦ gliding from the ¦ top ' and out Into ,
the level • of ¦; the'sea, ithe eight '*¦ "pairs of
oars] dropping simultaneously at the com-"
; mand of , the captain, and onward again
¦ to the next wave.
Presently a large swell came unexpect-
On dark, stormy nights, when the waves
roll high, it Is good to know that what
ever troubles come to vessels struggling
with the wild sea there are eight good
men and true willing and trained to the
duty of rescue. It is on such nights that
Captain Varney and his crew listen well
for the signal of distress, and when it
'comes the Golden Gate is always at hand,
ready at a moment's notice to launch
Into the roughest sea, climb the highest
waves and brave th« wildest storm. A
cheer for her oiew! •
At the end of the drill the boat cams
leaping in, the oars were shipped close to
shore and the pallors, Jumping out, waded
through the waves. With their musical
chorus of "Heave, yo-oh; heave, yo-oh.*"
the trim craft was hoisted from the roll
ing surf and on the boat wagon, and the
good, stout horses of the service struggled
into a brave trot over the sand and up the)
hill to the life-saving station.
pigeon-win? maneuvers there was a mo
ment of uplifted oars, a sudden dropping;
of them and the sailors all slid over Into
one side of the boat. A moment later
there was a whir!, and the bottom of th«
white craft appeared on the surface. th»
sailors burled In "the water beneath her.
Then eight rubber hats popped out of tha
water, eight pairs of hands laid hold of
the Golden Gate and rolled her over, rtght
side upward. Clambering 1 Into the boat,
the drill was resumed. This was the part
of the practice, known as ''rolling" the.
boat. In pood and bad weather. In smooth
seas and rough.ones, the drill goes on. th«
life-saving crew always in readiness* for
the call of humanity and In perfect train
ing to cope with the anger and treachery
of the sea. The life-saving crew are ex
pert swimmers, and "rolling" the boat
serves to keep them in regular practice.
At each weekly drill the boat Is "rolled"
two or three times, and to the eight sall
ors*of the crew It Is but the sport of &
moment to throw over the craft, tak«
their ducking, lay hold of and right the
boat again and climb aboard.
Farther out the sea was smoother, the
sun shining brightly, and the rise and fall
of the oars kept -time with the motion of
the boat. A mile from the shore we cir
cled about, and at the captain's command
the Golden Gate. began a series. of maneu
vers—the cutting of pigeon wings, execu
tion of X military figures, etc. The oars
cut'; Into the water like broadswords, and
the steady pulls ' sent the white boat
shooting through, the water at any num
ber of knots per hour. At the order to
turn the boat switched about and darted
ahead with Incredible swiftness. The end
of • three-quarters . of an 7 hour found us
heading , shoreward." one of us with a
whirling head and fflzzy eyes.
"Do yez want to go In this thrlp; or be
yez goin* out with us to capsize the boat?"
queried *• the Irishman. . I preferred to
watch the latter proceeding from the
shore/and was carried out by tho cap
tain, A few moments' rest, and the Gold
en Gate was again manned and sent
climbing: over, the -waves. Af ter • a few
"Sure,- an" -they put a Job up* on yez/*
whispered the good-natured Irish sailor
next to me. "They wanted to hear yez
holler." I had no doubt of It. and was
«rlad to know that I had not disappointed
them. /¦' \ . * ...
edly, and before the captain's order could
be executed the 'curling 1 mass of -water
came pouring over us with the sweep and
the force of a torrent. I had been stand
ing up in the bow of the boat and caught
the full benefit of the Intruding wave. I
«at suddenly down. The action was unpre
meditated and entirely Involuntary. My
clothing was drenched, but by the time I
had caught my breath the water had dis
appeared through the' safety valve ar
rangement of the lifeboat and the boat
was dry. Just as I . started to my feet
again a monstrous bank of water came
pouring over us and emptied the larger
portion* of itself upon my back. We had
gone through the, wave Instead of over It.
....... - -¦¦¦.,-. -..-_
THE SUNDAY CAJLIi.
8
THROUGH THE SURF
WITH THE TIFE SAVERS
BU
MAN
BUXBEE;
". .\Tie yer mountains fs to be the full
twenty thou«and feet, I swear." said o"e
cf the men of British Columbia.
"Say thirty!" - •"
"And so I will!."
He did. And beUevrd it. : •
But it was a big road anyhow. Tou*U
allow that, nartnor! Come fill up: what's
your poison? Give it lip. Fill them up
anln, Mr. Smith.- and tc.ee one yourself.,
I Fere's to the last spike of the Canadian*
Pacific!. Who will drive " home? Oh, hap-
P'- man; no less happv than he who laid
the last true stone on the Great Pyra
mi.l. t he who one day shall sit in Lati
tude Nothlpp on the chair of the Assem
bled "Longitudes.
They did thlr.irs.' these people, and thev
sweated Joy. What time the tall pagodad
of the spruces ff 11, and odorous hemlocks
trembled, and the ruddy barked fir de
clined on meaner brush, their hearts beat
full and happy. The surveyed line be
* came real and broadened; pick and
shovel, bar and drill labored: rock cuts
.. opened, their currents whirled into fills,
and dynamite spoke sharply to gunpow
der. The cliffs threw themselves Into the
river, and gave way to the road. ' . .
It was the road to Sissons./
And below the, forest* slipped aside like
a split, crowd when police enter and the
tracklayers fought with the weight of
h on' and steel. .The makers of ties tolled
aside in .little camps wjiere sudden can
. vas, seen through opposing enticing
brush, showed white like a cataract or a
. snowdrift. For the rails stepped east
ward on the tics. Eastward to Sissons,
to a last handshaking, to a lock-fast grip
of east and west.
. The papers talked, adding to the un'
v'ersal noise which roared along the rails
from Montreal east away to Winnipeg,
east and away to Medicine Hat. and ease
to Cajgary and the^tone steps of moun
tains to one summit. Eac.h community
- >lled in print; what the crowd said li.
bscrlptions — cash, -hash or promises — the
I .tor p*oured' forth in a flood of ink.
"The most notable event of the cen
.itry,"- for what the thunder Is the rest
of the world? Uprising enterprising
east and west— we have pretty nigh cor
ralled the universe,! So!
And all this merged into two chutes
verging en Sissons, the dumping ground
of Hope, ¦ "Work and Achievement. What
wonder that Sisson- almost paled, poor
man. and then trembled— he being an'op
timist—and turned to the Advocatus Dia
boli Harris, invoker of Disaster and the
Dark Side of Things.
"By Gosh, it's great!"
He said so- to the stars and the lake In
front of him.
"The way you chaps howl," said Har
ris, gloomily, "would or should make the
earth open; why the blue biazes don't you
do things quietly?"
For, they were roaring a new song in a'
hundred saloon bars at Sissona about the
Last Spike. '
. "Vine last nail in their roffln. the ga
- loots." said that bear Harris. "Th,. drink
sellers have their money and we have
their; labor and the financiers have us,
and when the spike is driven they *ara
. out of a job!" . r
' ". uut the crowd 6ald that'one Job was
: monotonous, and a railroader couldn't sit
down -by a built road and admire his own
work' even • for . aeventy-nve • dollars a
month. They hankered now in the back
of their minds for new roads. Every man
Jack of them was a picuand shovel Al
exander.
"We aln'< looking for no soft seat!"
Good to hear f hat In these days when
the soft seated howl softly on cushions
and do . not know their complaint H sup
pressed energy. Rise up, rise up, and
come to the meeting of the rails! Even
t now one end of the track can almost catch
1 the clink of hammer oa tplke at the other
away from its nervy speck In the wilder
nees. The notion intoxicated all; even
Harris, the bear, smacked Sisson on the
shoulder as the news canic tn.
"The end of track is at the summit!"
The soberest danced. For achievement
was tasse'.ing j like maize. The federa
tion's labor was nearly over/ Finance
was to commence fruition.
"It's the* biggest railroad on earth!"
That depressed men from the United
States. : They drooped and dranked. and
bucked up.^ and declared that south of
the border* it cou'.d have been built in
about forty-seven seconds and three-fifths
by the third-best chronometer in Wash
ington. They were given the laugh and
the lie, and some joined battle.
"You ain't got the mountings as w©
hev," said a "Mlssoufian who had never
seen a mountain till he came to" British
Columbia.
went rip, like a rotten topsail In a squall!
Blssons howled and rioted, and the long
booted and red-shirted danced til! danc
ing entered their brains and conscious
ness waltzed out. turning head over heels,
;atherlne wheelwlse into the darkness.
They lay in piles. . They stacked them
lelves in fine disorder, like the truck shot
sf a capsized wagon on a rough toat
road. They lay like spellcans," and no one
sould disentangle Bill from Jack, or Hans
from Mike, or Peter, from Paul. There
was a -universal federation on th« beach
•jf the silver lake. The stars looked
Jown on International quietness at last.
And now the railroad crawled nearer.
It came down from the east, and it crawl
ed up from the west. Hard men built it
where drink. was not. Only In :the middle
iofthe yet railless space was such a spot
as Slesons. Sissons knew now that the
last spike must'be driven not so far
Copyright in the United States of Ameri
ca by D. T. Pierce.
OLD Er-hraim came shuffling down
the hillside nnd slid through the«
thick dewy brush till he saw the
lake water close at hand. He stood
the flat for a long minute, swinging
Ks head from side to side, and with his
j>rv little eye? he took in the landscape.
••Gr-r-r-r-umplV paid Ephraim. as he
i~.:!>)»vi against a pine. "Gr-r-r-r-umph."
And. paying so. he slouched to the laka
lM-.i<-h and drank. A bald-headed eagle on
a dead branch high over head took no no
tice, for he «»> considering the question
of fish for dinner. A striped chipmunk
pat on a log and chirped. . Far across the
vide water was a blue column of faint
t-nmke. but the lake was utterly calm.
Not an Indian's canoe dotted the mirror
in which were reflected the great hills.
Ancient peace brooded over the forest.
"Gr-r-r-umph," said Ephraim. and by
It meant to remark that it Just suited
h!m. He had no complaints to make s<i
lone a? nobody interfered to crowd him.
For. as you may guess. Ephraim .was a
bear, ar.d in all his life he had never seen '
a man. He did not knnw that man was
p<vui to eat; he had yet to discover that
man makes railroads, and is a mighty
clsturb«-r of the peace.
The very noxt day there landed on this
far-off quiet lake beach in British Colum
bia two animals wbo walked upon their
hind legs. One *'f them was a silent man.
¦with a bit of the bear in him, for he
sometimes said "Or-r-r-umph," but the
other laughed, and was as 'cheery as a
chipmunk in a newly deserted camp.
"This is the spot, the only •possible,"
raid the cheerful Disturber.
"Gr-r-r-umph," answered the gruff Dis
turber.
"Why. certainly, Harris, It's actu-ally
fat. and with a dozen or two men here
with axes we'll knock thunder out of .this
brush, and have these infernal trees
down, and sirree, tve'll build our -town
right here."
"It'll hev to do." Eaid Harris with dis
content.
"You're as bad as the old Scotch grum
bler who said that the engine bed laid
cown by his son was 'level but nae
rnair.' " cried Sisson, laughing. "Why,
clrree. we'll have a lovely time building.
Gimme a railroad."
He troacked ruddy lips and gleamed red
in the westering sun.
'"Back to the Narrows, old man."
Next morning more invaders came in
many boats and old Indian dug-oute, and
there was the sound of axes laid to the
roots of ancient pines. Ephraim of the
woods heard nothing for he was far off
itmor.g the silent hills on a blueberry plc
x:ic.
"Look out now! Stand from under,
jgu:"
"How's she falling?"
The chief axman stood with his palm
against the bole of the biggest monarch
there.
*"Or.e more clip."
The tree whimpered and wavered, and
cracked loudly.
"This ¦way. my beauty," said the axman
t.s he moved aside, still with his palm to
the bark. The tree bowed, and with an
ever increasing speed swept to the ground,
landing with an awful crash. So fell many
that hour.
They built a road.
They marked out a place for the C. P.
t=tore. And Sisson stood with his thumbs
in the armholes of his waistcoat.
"She moves," eaid Sisson.
What moved he did not say. But a town
•Tva* in rhe very act of arising. The tree
took centuries. The town was born in a
day.
,"At Sissons Landing," they said down
the Shushwap Lake. And yet Sissons
Landing "had only existed twenty-four
tours.
. "We're off up tr» Sissons." laid half the
crowd on the wharf at Kamloo;-". There
v.ere Americans from East Canada and
from the tnited States just yonder. There
were Englishmen, and real or imported
British Columbians. With them stood
Scandinavians, and sons of Lapland, and
chiramtn and Indians. A Mexican
swapped cigarettes with a Spaniard from
Castile. 1
-Clahya tilicum. how goes It. partner.
why. l" thought as you was bound for
"So 1 wuz. but now I ain't. Sissons Is
busing. That's what."
So Sissons hummed still more.
"Where are you off to. Johnny, old Fan
"Me washee Slssons."
"Wa«h her well, you old galoot.
•Mein Gott. I miss de boat." said a Ger
""Mi'S thunder." said the incredulous
rrowd "We never observed you miss any
thing." It's «e do that; what's In your
This libeled German passed that dlsor
cvrlv customs Rang, puffing. Then the.
rteanier an echo answered from
the' List bluff opposite
"Hoot— too — oot!"
"Good-toy-***** luck-Fend word-*ti.
tvhflt-I aln t g"t one-can't catch a denied
wor .;__nh yes -by gosh-now you re off
hrrfs ho w . > ou railroad-building scum.
'Hoot— too— oot— too— oot:"
Ar.d the Ppallumchef n stern-wheeler
6\v«-''t at twelve knots for Slssons.
Everybody was bound for Sissonf". They
came irnm th» rirst Columbia Crossing
nnd from Golden City. They dropped In
from Bandy Point. They dropped down
from Sp«!l<irr.chrer! :n the rickety rotten
tub called the Pe»rL They paddled frpm
the Salmon Arm. They came up from
Ashford in th" Blade Canyon; from Cache
Creek from Yale from Hope, from Vic
toria Good m-.n came, and bad. There
were nv-n who sold and mm who bought:
men who loaf;-l. who worked, who gam
l^led who stole. Pistons was on<e h bear
haunt now it was a hive of bees who
r-afle 'money instead of honey. A cordu
rovrd road W into Eagle P*fs; four
horse wacons squished in mud. and team-
Fter« howled or sang or were silent, ac
cording to their progress and the progress
nf the long day.
Tho authorities further West woke up
"There's a town at Sissons. Send Todd
V Ar.d Tofid. the magistrate, got into the
boat. He tried to look after liquor _il
censes. But then every other roan had a
"Tfai? is mv town, by gosh.
lie i*amfil'on the saturnine Harris, who
¦was the silent partner.
"ISow Bhe scoots— she hums," eald
Eii-Fon «
Tho long street which was Sissons was
houses made of canvas, of patched floor
ing. o f clapboards, of logs, «f bark
Ehr.cks. , .
"Come in and eat," eaid one house in
red letters. "We are the Shushwap
House."
"Pie." said another house.
Another one had red blinds.
Another was where the gamblers led the
vrary and unwary to "buck the tiger."
They spake the language of Faro, of
Kcno: they had a Wheel of Fortune,
which was a fortune to them. But the
greatest fortune was the secret keg. Only
•when Todd landed there was more so
briety He had the law behind him, and
north of the forty-ninth parallel of lati
tude which divides the United States
from Canada, the law grows rather well
than otherwise. South of that parallel
the law is rather a poor weed. You cer
tainly won't get sixty bushels of It to
the acre out of the soil of Idaho and
Montana.
"Law be— yep, that's what: they Bay
there.
But In British Columbia a warrant runa
at tiroes.
Yet when Todd cleared, and especially
when he lighted out for home on a Sat
urday, Sis&ons burned and blazed and
yelled and bulged, and went on a tearing
jamboree, and painted Itself as red. as
some did their cheeks in the Houses with
Red Blinds. Law might grow, but order
end of the track. The Atlantic and tha
St. Lawrence say at the rail telephone:
"Are you there?"
"We're here," say the Pacific and tha
Columbia' River and the Fraser, "we'ra
here, you bet."
Those who have not lived In such moun
tain; air or listened to the music of th*
ttormy river and the cymbals of the crash
of snow slides, hear the echo of It now and
catch the smell of the men's kltchena
mingled with the odor of stripped barK
ar.d pine chips and saw dust! The saw
mill on the creek hums: the ax talks
through the distance, when the tree gives
depths to its voice, like- a lone bullfrog In
a far off marsh. Overhead the enow glit
ters and the frosty pines are princely
•plumes. And yonder, yonder (the other
western 6tde of Sissons) there are hor
ror.*: sand, alkali, hot sun, the dry belt
in fact, betwixt Kamloops and the canyon
of tho pent-ln Fraser. , "With ao bis a
thing as this road, in so great a scale of
¦ lives and labor, we can afford to give
away everything. We present you with,
life and death and many changes of pano
rama: Heaven opens and hell smoke*.
How it smoked at Slssons!
For, as I have been endeavoring to show
you blind mice, Sissons was peculiar. It
had qualities that no other place .of
achfevement had. It was the place of
white hot welding— Slssons Bizzled, tha
temperature of men's minus climbed out
of the* poor thin realm of the normal anil
got up notch by notch In flne frenzy heat
till enthusiastic lava rolled In waves liko
a storm in KUeau's basin. Tom olasoa
sank and was melted— black Harris floated
red hot slag in molten metal: the very
ttnrs were to come out of the sky. Fuae'l
ambitions looked on heaven above as
Little Jack Horncr looked on his historio
cake —
"He put tn his thumb
And pulled out a plum — "
•issons with Its whole corporate hand
eached fcr constellations. Immortal
naglu Slssons! Born yesterday. It waa
>ecome Immemorial. . Yesterday was
indent reckoning; to-day was culmm
itlon— to-morrow the new pole (made of
;¦>!.] in the shape of a spike) was to bo
lrlven In by gods.
Day by day drifted past In huso labor.
[Jarrows ran with plants behlrvl them;
;mulou3 hllla slid obediently inlu hollows
ind the Rrade grew along the ground,
learer, nearer the event. AnJ as th»
nterest concentrated Itself somo outsUio
lell off. They had to go; the crowd be
;wtxt end of track and end "of track waM
:oo great; men stood in each othor's way;
lammers, bars and shovels lay ' In piles,
.heir work done. Displaced sons of labor
• tood by in imminent sadness: tbolr mind:*
svavered betwixt this conquered territory
ihd some railroad breaking out In Oregon
>r thereabouts. Some went with ret
ninds; some stayed, anchored for the final
;rlumph.
The full days tumbled from the ca>n
!ar of time 'and the Day Itself arrived.
Round yonder bluff could be heard tha
•hrlek of one locomotive — across tha laka
:ould be seen the white steam of another.
Due was east and the other west. They
were to meet by glorious Sissona. Stand
back: clear the track for this one dicta
tor of a day doubly triumphing in th«»
;ods' capitol of mountains!
Sissons rose eariy, having never bean
to bed. All night long:' that street of 31a
sons was aflare with lights and men's
•yea and stars and. metaphorically, with
a. thousand headlights of engines. Strang
ers shook hands; strangers there were
,one; a Chinaman was a fellow creature;
tfisson himself gave a hand to any thrust
out fist of # congratulation. And Sisson
was somebody then ajid always. Sisson,
and Slssnn's -sibilated on every tongue.
They said:
"Slssons is' a town"—
"And will be"—
An inte.-Jected "nothing" produced up
roar till the Interjector humbly explained
that his "nothing" by no means referred
to Slsson's.
"What is she now?"
"And what will she be?"
• They walked along the Christmas tres
forest of imagination and cracked nuts
with twenty dollar gold pieces in them. A
leaf was at least a dollar bill.
"Here's to the city of Slssons — the
mountain capital!"
They drank to that. The shack owner
passed a box of clears about and actually
forgot and cave the best.
And yet they knew that Slssons was a
coruscating symbol only: east was a ham
mer, west was anvil, and SIssotis flew out
in sparks. Harris, the devil's advocate of
black truth, said so. being melancholy
drunk, and he was ejected by tha virtu
ous illusionists.
"To-morrow — no — to-day."
The sun climbed ove* 1 the hilla— and '.t
was the day. Sisson''* turned out with
blacked or greased boots and many clean
shirts and some rasped -chins looking ilk^
headed stubble, and poured hither an-l
thither. The bosses caroe. The big- bos*
and the lesser boss and the little boss and
(so to speak) the bosalets. The white
headed surveyor came with many sons» —
he had opened the tass: the enirineers
came — they wen* dynamite and powder
and law and order combined. The police
came (B. C. police ar.d Dominion police,
madly jealous of each other, or Jealou*
and despising), and Todd. magistrate,
suppressor or mttlgator of illicit liquor.
Victoria sent men and women: they cam*
from Montreal, visible embodied congrat
ulations. Two locomotives gtood almost
pilot to pilot. Even now u.e track layers
sweated with the last six hundred pound
rails. Their strong man carried" one alonn
and was madly cheered by crowd and
echo from the hills.
">"'... that's it— so "
Tkw '..-.;w how to do it. ¦ Some had
han<ll»'(. n-iiiny thousands and were becom
ing autormtlc. ¦ ;. .
The hammer.felL
"Another — so!"
"Xo, that's the last, the last. I>ave It
?or the big man!"
How they cheered, stumbling amonjr
brush and piles of ties. They looked
around, half aghast, to think it so near
done. The autumn of accomplishment
suddenly saddened them. ""Where shall
we be to-morrow?"
Sissons quivered and almost knew itself
a name.
-"I'm going to-morrow. or next day— but
you — you will rtay. of course, for tho
greater, sollder glory of Slssons."
Now. you .virtuous and you temperata
must understand how it was that Slssons
proceeded to raise Cain and get full, far
too full, of various Imported adultera
tions. They stood in illusion, on Illusion,
clad with illusion, and when the work was
over began to feel cold. For some it was
their last work; for some their first. Somn
faeed idleness, some faced seeking. An
ended job is a cold day always. Who
shall provide? Slssons couldn't say, and
therewith proceeded to get very much,
over the border of strict sobriety. Be it
remembered., without infinite regret, that
the great, the lesser and the little, and all
their satellites, were Just about as full a*
the Shushwap Lake. Little and great
were alike men-, and this day swept down
diprnlty and pride of place and all barriers.
Didn't the biggest shake hands with Sis
sons' meanest? And It wasn't a fluke,
either. Humanity was fused.
They drove that golden spike, and as th«
roar of golden applause loosened snqw.
the wires carried echoes to the East and
West, to Montreal, to New York, to Lon
don, to the world.
• "We have b^nund gone and done It!
The biggest railroad on this earth is done.
That is— it Is begun!"
"Hip. hip, hip. hurrah!"
"Gentlemen, the Queen!"
The gr<?at dinner marquee strained at
its supports, and wonder wondered that It
do rise like a balloon.
"To the President of the United States!"
Why not. why not? Yell, yell, ya insida
and outside devila. \
"To the president of this road!"
Ay. to the president of thl9 road, this
through road, this only road under one
management from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific! Suck in your breath and send tha
balanced snow Hildas down!
"Hurrah! Hurran! Hurrah!"
The locomotives hooted. The crowd
fired off its guns. The steamers on tht»
lake whooped deliriously and echo an
swered from a thousand precipices — "It's
done! It's done, it's done!"
Slssons fiamerl with lights and was a
constellation till another day dimmed it.*
sparkling crown.
Old Ephraim. just' before holing up time.
came out of the hills and went crashing
through the brush toward the lake. For
the lake side was quiet again and a spirit
of curiosity, led- by some enticing and
curious . odors, took him down. Ha
scrambled over a j/tone pine and -cam.;
Into tho open and into Silent Sissons.
¦ where chipmunks once more played, and
where every shack and shanty was eye
less, with Us windows and sashes gone.
He went through the dead city with hl3
suspicious red ey*s glaring, and every
now and again he 3:opned and swung his
head from side to side. And when ho
came to the water he saw. as he drank,
the white steam of a locomotive Just
across the narrows. The locomotive said—
"Hoot-too-oot." •
And Ephraim sniffed contemptuously.
What he thought of dead Simons no
man is smart enough to tell, but what
he said was—
• "G-r-r-r-vunph!
THE ftUNDAY CALL.
9
THE PEACE OF EPHRAIMNeither, can the King of Great Britain
and " Ireland avoid paying taxes .on what
ever property he . "may own in ' his own •
name. ''.-> The allowance or salary of • the
new King— again following historic prece^
dent— is likely to.be $1,920,000.'. If from this
amount he should save a portion and buy
an estate he would be obliged to pay taxes
on it like any commoner. * On the other
hand, the crown property ; is free from
taxes' of all kinds. ¦.- • -..
• . Contrary to the general understanding
and'to the official usage of the word, the
King of England is not a .sovereign. In
acts of Parliament reference wfll be made
to ."our sovereign lord, the King." But, in
reality, to be a sovereign "one" must pos
sess supreme power — must -be- able to
make apd unmake laws at pleasure. V.e
King of England shares such power with
In time of peace np King of England
may maintain a standing army without
the consent of Parliament. Every year of
the world it Is necessary to introduce,
what is called. the .annual army bill an»l
procure Its passage by both Houses of
Parliament. If the members of Parlia
ment were to 'be 'stricken down by- some
pestilence or. -'plague and so kept from
attending the .sessions of the national
Legislature 1 legal numbers, the British
army would, absolutely pass out of exist
ence." At no time does the army of Eng
land have more than twelve months' lease*
of life. .That lease must be ' renewed
yearly. '-. The idea behind .this somewhat
curious procedure is that if the, King were
allowed to maintain a standing army
without the sanction of Parliament - that
army might at some time be used against
the "-'people.' '
honor were offered to them, but the King
can do no more than offer the honor. He
may order and compel a subject to sit
in the House of. Lords and legislate for
his country, but ¦ he may not compel the
acceptance of a title.
the House of Lords and the House of
Commons. The three taken together are
in reality the sovereign of the British em
pire. .
On "the other hand, the King of England
has some curious powers, most of which
are practically obsqlete and feV of which
are ever. used.. So far as constitutional
rights are concerned the King may. If he
choose/ forbid any one of his subjects to
leave the empire. If any Englishman pro
poses to visit Paris or New York, for in
stance, the new King would be quite with
in the limits of his rights if he should
order him to stay at home. He might Is
sue a writ to that effect and the proper
authorities would see that it was enforced.
There is small probability, it may be said,
that thfs' provision will ever be. enforced.
Again, If a subject of the British King
Is absent in a foreign "land on business or
pleasure the King has the right to send
h'lm an order *to come home. If such an
order is not obeyed the King may confis
cate the property of the ¦ rebellious* sub
ject so far as it is located in the British
isles. Another right which belongs to the
occupant of the English throne is that of
printing the Bible, the book *f common
prayer and the acts rf Parliament. This
right is exclusive and applies to all por
tions of the British empire, so that tile
King.might-if he chose -forbid the printing
of such books in' Canada or Australia. The
last time this right was exercised was a
short time before the revolution of the
American colonies, when the colonists
were compelled to get their supply from
the mother country. . .,-.-.,
¦mil the land In the kingdom is, accord
ing to law, held by the present tenants
"from the crown." Landowners regard,
it as their own. but in reality it belongs
to the King, and if the letter of the law
were strictly followed he might recall and
recover It in a perfectly legal manner. To
the King also belongs absolutely all tha
shore around the whole coast of the Isl
ands from low to high water marks. Som»
day when an ingenious invento'r discovers
a method of taking advantage of the mo
tion of the tides this ownership may add
greatly to the present income of the
crown. The King Is also vested with the
ownership of the beds of all tidal rivers,
such as the Thames.
A curious limitation of the powers of a
King is the fact that his wife, though a
Queen, Is in the eyes of the law a mere
subject. It -would, it Is true, be high
treason to attempt to kill her. but if she
should commit any offense against the
laws of the country she might be brought
into court like any ordinary person, and
if convicted of an offense fined or even
imprisoned.
By a legal fiction the King of England
is supposed to be present In every court
In the land. An ordinary citizen who Is
Involved in a case at law must be present,
either in person or by attorney, but the
King needs no representative, and a casts
may go on in his absence exactly as If he
were present in all his royal robes. SRP
A Chinese laundry firm in Hongkong re
cently sent the following announcement
to its prospective English customers:
"Ladies and Gentlemen— We. the washer
of every kind of clothes, bfankets. and so
on; newly established the company and
engaged the business. Contrary to our
opposite company, we will most cleanly
and carefully wash our customers with
possible cheap prices. "With your waxes
we will work the business." •
DOROTHY STUDEBAKER
Who Makes Her Debut in VaiidevaMe at tihe Orpfaeminn In
Order to Retrieve the Lost Fortune of Her
Husband, Scott McKeowii. \
sprinkled with dainty leaves or Dtoostfms
or sprays, all as fetching as possible and
as tormenting to the eyes.
Illusion that is as good for eyes and com
plexion, and is more durable. Its weave
Is even and not too close.
But when you go into a shop to buy it
you will have all sorts of temptations laid
before you. and you must bring to bear
ail your strength of will to resist. Tha
man behind the counter will show you
what you call for, but incidentally he will
bring out a novelty in figured veiling. You
will want it, .for it is one of those things
classified as naughty but nice. It is
DR. BLACK says there is benefit to
the eves in a VeiL
You girls ought to give Dr. Black
an ovation.
After the way in which oculists and
ptronsr-mjndcd members of your own sex
aJl over the country have been taking up
the crusade against veils, isn't it a re
lief to find one oculist of established rep
utation who will grant you the privilege
of proreciing your complexions?
Perhaps some of the specialists who
told you that you had seriously Injured
your eyes in the ¦wearing of .veils were
thinking of the neat little fee that might
come to their pockets as a result of
your scare.
Perhaps some of the strong-minded
lades who scolded, having no complexions
of their own to protect, meant that you
Fhould spoil yours if they could effect it.
At any rate". Dr. Black is your good
friend.
He doesn't say that you may wear any
veil you please, mind. lie describes some
of your favorites, which he says are sui
cidal to the sight. But he selected a
piece of illusion, which in man-fa>hion he
called "a regular meshed fabric." and he
Bald that you might wear it with benefit
to your eyes. And you very well know
that illusion is quite thick enough to be
the salvation of your complexion; that it
keeps your haSr In place quite as well as
any other weave, and that there isn't
anything in the world more becoming.
There is a net just a little thicker than
is to let It stop Just below flhe tip of your
nose. You remember, don't you, the time
when we crushed our veils "under * our
If You Eeyy the
KTNG OF
ENGLAND
Here Are Some
Things That
THE KING
CANNOT DO
THE rulers of the peoples of the
earth, of whom there are how sev
enty-slx of recognized Importance,
have on the average* much less, pow
er than is usually imagined. The new-
King of England,' in many .ways, is not as
free as. his subjects^
An ordinary Englishman may travel
where he pleases and may select his own
traveling companions. The If Ing of Eng
land may not leave the confines of the
empire without being accompanied by a
Minister of State. The British constitu
tion provides that the" King shall hold
himself at all. times in readiness, to sign
acts In Parliament after they have passed
in both Houses of the national Legisla
ture. Until" they have been so signed they,
do not become-law. It might happen that
in some crisis. the KJng"s signature wouM
be needed without a moment's delay. The
existence of the state itself might well .
depend on instant action; for instance, an
army of invasion might suddenly appear
off the coast of. England, In which case
It would bo necessary to call out the mill- r
tla. This could not be done legally with
out the signature of the King. Therefore
it is provided that a responsible Minister
of State shall accompany the King wher
ever he may go to, present emergency acts"
of Parliament to him for signature. Evon
If Parliament is not in session, r this act
Is. enforced, because It might be necessary.,
at any time to call Parliament to "meet in
extraordinary session'. r '^i'WTj:r}%
No matter how tired the King of Eng
land might grow of his responsibilities the
lawyers say that . he could not abdicate.
There is no precedent for such an action,
and, as Is well known,- precedent is an im
portant factor In the British Government. .
If j the . King should absent himself from
the kingdom without formally Wtifying
his Ministers of State, so that one of them'
might accompany him. Parliament would
be obliged to meet' and declare the throne
vacant. According to the authorities the
crown would then be placed' in commis
sion; that Is, the IClhg's place would then,
be taken by a kind of Board of Director,
composed of the highest statesmen and
noblemen in the land.; What such a .com
mission would do with a royal 'truant on
his return does not seem clear. No; ruler.
of : England has ever, done such a thing,
and therefore there Is no historic prece
dent to serve as a guide for future action.
No King of England can force a subject
to accept a peerage or other, title of nobil
ity. There are few Englishmen, indeed,
who would refuse to be made Earls, if tbY
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
A good way to get around the matter
Is to use bordered veiling. Beautiful spec
imens of this are to be found, and no
barm Is done by them to the vision.
Th« rwell way to wear the yell of to-day
chins? From that they gradually worked
their way upward, pausing a while at the
tip of the chin and again at the chin'a
middle, leaving its little white point to*
show below the border. Now they have
wind is cutting they protect the sensitive
eye against these. They haze over the
glare of beach or desert stretches. ___ .
.The" Oriental idea of modesty In conceal
ing the' face with a veil Is one
might s«k». Such veils wotild s»re only «"»
complexion. And yet it has already been
announced in New York that this custom
might be adopted by way of a new fad.
May the style never reach San Frandscot
DR. J. A. BLACK CONSIDERS CERTAIN KINDS MORE BENEFICIAL
THAN HARMFUL
T? BELIEVE that the proper kind of
I veil is of more benefit than harm
" to the eyes. It protects them from
stinging wind and flying • dust and
serves to moderate the glare of an in
tense sunlight. Even granting that
any obstruction between the eye and
the object of vision is a disadvantage,
still T believe that the benefit derived
from protection more than counter
balances this.
If the mesh of the veil is regular
the .eye becomes accustomed to look
ing past it, just as every day of its
life it looks past the effete blood ves-
sels that lie within it. It is so used
to these that it feels no distress from
them. So it can be with the reguttr
threads of a veil. Your eyes would
not be seriously injured by looking
through a screen window. The prin
ciple is the same with the proper sort
of veiling. . i : . " 3
With an irregular mesh the matter
is different. In this case the eye has
no sooner learned to ignore the lines
of one formation than it glances up.
or down and comes upon- a different
formation. Or, worst of all, it comes
upon a big dot upon which it is com-
pelled to focus.
White, red and the light colors re
flect light and are harmful. Bine and
green are the best colors. Black is
good. ' ¦'".: •
The Ideal veil, then, is thick
enough to protect, thin enough to bo
no barrier to the sight. Its mesh Is
regular. I don't care whether the>
shape of the mesh is square, octag
onal or what, so that it is regular.
Its color is blue or green.
The bad veil is white or red, of a
close and irregular mesh and has
dots.
risen above the lips, and one might be led
to suppose that In time they will expose
the eyes. -•-
Do not let your veil hang loosely. This
is an' affectation and one well avoided,
especially in our own windy climate. The
veil will flap about so that your hair will
be as badly mussed as If you had not tried
to cover it at all. ' •
% You will not often care, to wear the ideal
blue or green veil.' Black Is better form,
looked at as a matter of dress. It is
not quite as good for the eyes, but It Is
of some benefit. Take your choice.
You should never start* off for outing
trips without a good supply of veils. On.
the beach or on the water they are es
pecially useful. When sand Is flying or
• - • - •
that never enters our independent
heads, and in all probability never
will. If we should wear veils as thick
aa, those of so, me of the Far Eastern
beauties we should be obliged to do what
they do— leave the eyes uncovered that we
As the summer draws nigh it is going to
bo harder for you to avoid the injurious
whit© veil, made the more fetching by Its
dots. Steer past it, take to dark-colored
and plain net, and all's well.
"Contrary to the belief of most peopl*
the camelshair brush used by artist*
has nothing of the camel In it," said a
manufacturer of soft brushes. "Ther«
v/as a time when real camelshair waa
used for the purpose. Tho ship of tha
desert, however, has lonar been super
seded by the homely little squirrel. Not
only Is squirrel's hair very much less
costly, but It is better, softer, more pli
able and far more durable. At the pres
" rat day It Is doubtful if you could find a
jpound of camel's hair In all the brush
factories in this country. It is the Euro
pean squirrel that furnishes tha hair for
the brushes, the cover of tho American
pquirrel being too furry and soft for tha
jjurpose."— Washington Star.
IS THE
VEIL
HURTFUL
FOR THE
EYE
SIGHTBY MARGARET E. SANGSTER.
IF I had a daughter In the tweet bloom
of her years, when. a husband might
loom up on the- horizon, far would It
be from me to choose for her In a mat
ter of such personal importance. Yet X
might 'give advice,' and I hope It would da
It " tactfully, * for much pre-matrlmonial
counsel defeats Its own ends, confirms
hesitation, and absolutely sends girls and
men . the opposite way from which the
counsel warned them.
Only on a solid foundation of true lova
and real respect can she or can he hope tu
build an. edifice . that will last. They
must choose for themselves.
I would like to nee my daughter marry
a man whose mother had early trained
him In unselfishness at home. I would
prefer a man who had as a Boy lived with
sisters, two older and three younger per
haps, and waited on them. all. and who
had been -their escort, companion and
friend.
POLITE, PATIENT,
CONSIDERATE AND LOVING
the man who will be food to his wife in
sunshine and shade, in youth and age, H
the one likeliest to make her happy.
She would demand good habtta In the
one who vowed to "comfort" and protect
her daughter, lest the protector should
change into a danger, the comforter into a
disgrace. She would l:ke to hava him :*
man who would, sometimes give a kindly
thought to the woman who tolled early
and late to make the sweet wife he loves
and admires what sho Is. And. who pa
tiently Btepped down and out of the heart
and life where she had relaned supreme,
leaving, him ffrst and dearest. And she
would greatly prefer that he should re
frain from, making the mother-in-law
joke. But if she be a. sensible woman sha
will not insist upon this, but quietly efface
herself aa much as possible, remembering
that this has been the mother's Jot siheo
first the son* of God .looked upon tl»e
daughters of . men and saw that they
were, exceedingly arid 'vonderfully fair.
And If she can bring herself, to lovo
the intruder, as so* many have, and re
ceive a loyal affection in return, why so
much th« better: the Inevitable then be*
comes endurable! He uhould have cour
age, for there t will be many, lions to pas?
on the .wedded journey and ho will : o'e
purpose In evidence, brings the two to
gether,«conscious that propinquity is as
potent as any other factor. Every mother
has not only a right but a duty in rela
tion to a child's marriage. You often
hear a man of very moderate desert say
that he requires in a wife virtue, birth,
breeding, beauty, good, nature, education,
money and other superlative gifts; so
why shall a mother be less demanding In
behalf of. her daughter? it will then go
without saying that this husband of a
sweet and Innocent and carefully reared
girl shall be -a satisfactory specimen of
the race, manly, brave and good to look
upon.j That means that he will have good
health: and having good health he. will
have food nature, and good nature Is very
¦necessary to household happiness. If he
loves his neighbor as himself he_ meets
the chief requirement for the happiness
of wife and family; for then he Is un
•elflsh. The unselfish man is a natural
Christian. Thus, on the whole, unselfish
ness Is the first positive quality that I
should require. For with unselfishness
there will be that generosity which not
only gives with an open hand but which
so regards the feelings and wishes of oth
ers as to make 111 temper and dark moods
impossible. With unselfishness there will
be self-restraint and sobriety arid honesty
and fidelity. With unselfishness, again,
will be purity— the safeguard of home. In
addition to this unselfishness, which is at
the root 57 most If not all of the virtues.
I should like Intellect in this supposititious
husband • of a daughter. I would like,
moreover", that he should have educatlpn.
But there Is an education of circum
stances which surpasses' that of books,
that makes mere knowledge of disputable
facts and technicalities ,se<;m email and
trivial: and if he has that we r.-'ll not mt3s
the education of the university, desirable
as that may be. •
¦ Now, . dear reader, . 1 must confess to
you a' secret— very probably. an .open.se
cret if you have gone with me thus far. I
must confess to you. ray dreadful poverty.
T have no daughter fcr this matchless
man.
weighed down by the burden of love, the
care of one dearer than himself, for this
the mother Inperatlvalv demanus that- he
must love her "daughter, she must be to
him the one woman in the world, for
love's torch is the brightest light upon
earth to light the wedded pair.
He must have patience in abundance,
as he will* marry a woman, and', not! a
saint. And, above, all, he should be a
Christian, so he will- know where! to get
help and comfort and joy, and discern
through the deepest shadows the Great
Light that gilds his road, and can help
her onward and upward.
He should be industrious and have
enough of this world's goods to Insure hi*
wife's comfort and prevent her hearinjr
the baying of the wolf at her door., but
not rich necessarily, as the woman who
marries for riches -alone confronts the dire
possibility of the riches flying away 'and
nothing but the man remaining when all
that made him attractive and worthy of
affection Is gone. '. . •
Ho should be passably • good looking,
since It would be pleananter to look acrom
the coffee urn three hundred mornings In
a year and behold a' comely visage.' He
must have good sense, but not be too
brilliant, as a meteor would not give so
good satisfaction for; household* needs 03
a more mellow and steadier light.
HEALTH USEFULNESS
AND EDUCATION
BY HARRIET PRESCOTT HPOFFORD.
THE only way In which with safety
tg, all concerned a rnother. can
help her daughter In r- the. "choice.
¦.*¦... of. a husband is # when— having
studied from -hlrth the: nature and
needs of her //daughter, and having
confessed • to .' herself \y that - ». marriage Is
the .best and happiest state— sh«. looks
about her, "for one 'whose qualities are
those that sfhall Insure the . welfare and
happiness of her chllS; and then quietly
and discreetly; and without putting her
my own mother to see what kind of a hui
band she would have chosen for me/
"My sister," she said," "was once asked,
"If you were required to choose between
a Christian man witii a quick, bad tem
per and a man who made no pretensions
to religion, but who nas equal in intelli
gence, position and culture to the other,
nnd whose disposition was known to be
amiable, which v.o:i!.l you choose?' Not a
fair question, you say. So thought my
sister; but when pressed for answy/she
replied: 'I would marry neither of them
unless I lovt-d him beyend everybody else
in the world. In that case I think I should
want to help the Chtistian to overcome
his hot temper. If I were to choose th
pleasant, winsome, "rreligious man, I
should, by violating »ny own religious con
victions and training, show him so Incon
sistent a Christian character myself* that
I could hardly hope *.o draw him to my
Savior, and I should very likely lope my
own warmth and zeal In Christian duty.'
Shall I decide then. ihat. first of all. my
daughter's choice should be. or mine for
her, a truly Christian man, one whose
life and talents and property, if ho has
any. are consecrated to his Master. He
must not be morose or auick'-tempere.d or
selfish. He must be well educated, warm
hearted, sympathetic and amiable. He
should honor his Master by a cheerful
face."
Certainly then the man I would choose
for my. daughter (if 1 were so fortunate as
to have a. daughter) must first of all be a
Christian, and he must not be one of tho
kind of whom a little boy xaid. "Yes, ns
Is a Christian, but he is not working at it
much." Nor must he be like that woman
to whom her little daughter said, "Mam
ma, I found- your religion in your trunk,"
meaning her church letter. The man I
would choose must bo an earnest Chris
tian, the kind of' a man who would be
"working at it." and tho kind of a man
who would not "kpep his religion in his
trunk." If he moved to another town he
would be the kind of a man who would be
likely to take a letter to thatrchurch. and
for the tlm© he lived there, would throw
BY MARIETTA HOLLEY (AUNT SA-
MANTUA.)
IT seems to me* that the first quality a
mother would in the man who
was to marry' her daughter Is good-
ness; since wealth takes wings, and
knowledge casts a rather cold light on th»
hearthstone when shining there alone. Bu:
In his lot with that church and help to
carry its burdena. If h" traveled, he
would carry his religion with him.
Shall he be rich? No, I think I would
rather not. I think I would choose to
have him acquire the strength that comes
from "enduring hardness," rather than
meet the temptations that come with
riches. Shall he. then be poor? No, I do
not think I choose for I want them
to have at least one luxury, the luxury of
giv.ing, and it ia so lUtle that a very poor
mfcn can give, even if' he gives 'a tenth.
I think I would pray Agiir's prayer for
him: "Give him neither poverty nor
riches." ¦->"'
Shall he be handsome? *Why. yesi, if
I can chooste hft shall be "of a beautiful
countenance and goodly to look to," and
tall; but remember that does not come,
first. I have chosen flrat of all that he
shall be an earnest Christian, and if he
Is that, the. good looks will not" hurt him;
and he will certainly be more, pleasing 1 *
and will have so much the more power to
influence others.
What shall his busIoesB be? Well, If I
were to choose it for him, I think I would
rather he would bo a missionary or a min
ister, that his whole life might bo spent
in helping other lives, like the parson In
Jean Ingelow's poem, "bo anxious not to
go to heaven alone." ' But since he is to
be an earnest Christian man, I 'think. I
would rather he would choose his own
calling, feelinc nuro that he would help
other lives whatover his daily work
may be. /
SHOULD RESPECT
HIS WIFE'S MOTHER
BY REV. DR. THOMAS 6PURQEON.
WHAT can I say on such a theme?
Why, bless his dear little heart,
he is only eight years of age.
and it seems at present almost
impossible to contemplate matrimony for
him.
What will my dear boy's disposition
ripen Into? What will be his calling In
life? These and other questions must be
answered ere I can discuss this matter to
any purpose whatsoever.
Should he become, in answer to many
hopes, a minister of the gospel, he will
need ouch a one for partner as might not
have been essential to him in another vo
cation. In any case, the matter is best In
God's hands. "The wife I should choose
for my son" Is the one he selects. Such
ought to be for the best, for "A prudent
wife la from the Lord."
MUCH DEPENDS UPON DIS
POSITION AND OCCUPATION
BY COUNTESS SCHIM.MELMANN.
WHAT kind of a husband shall I
choose for my daughter? I would
advise that both mother and
daughter put this matter Into- the
hands of God and let him choose for you;
then and only then will your daughter's
happiness be secured. If we carefully
study our Bible we will see that In the
beginning of humanity God very posi
tively and specially took the marriages
into his own hand. I believe that It has*
assuredly be*n God's will all along, that
no marriages should be formed except
by such apeclnl orders from God. Our
own choosing at the very best Is short
ilghted and limited and we cannot over
.some two difficulties; the one Is that a
human being, and especially a man who
goes out wooing, can disguise his char
acter; and the second Is,' that characters
actually do change under the lnfiue'nce ot
circumstances. You might, for example,
choose a quiet, soft-minded husband for
your daughter, and ten years later, after
a •wearying, troublesome life, find that ha
possessed an Irritable nature; or in the
character of an energetic, active young
man good luck and the accumulation or
.wealth may destroy these qualities, and
he turns out an apathetic, lazy and whol
ly good-for-nothing fellow.
Now if a mother Is perfectly sure that
""lit the case of her daughter It 13 God's will
that she should be married, she has not
only the right, but it Is her duty so far
to care for the things of this world as
to prevent her daughter from getting the
wrong husband. The mother's duty should
be rather limited to prevent wrong, than
extended to choose for her daughter.
How ar© we then to behave? First, live
near io God and bring your daughter near
to him; be led by him very specially In
this matter. - If you feel that she should
marry, do not think of any but a Chris
tian husband. Yet not he that speaks
best of Christianity, neither he who
knows most of It.* nor he that does most
of It. will give you* fla good a guaranty of;
happiness for your daughter as the one
whose character and daily life are wit
nesses of his Christianity.
Ona of the strangest accidents which,
ever happened to the big gnns of a bat
tleship recently alarmed th» gunners in'
the turret of the English battleship
Thunderer. Off MUford Haven a target
was put out for" practice with the ten-Inch, 1
breechload'lr.s guns. When one was fired
by electricity only a portion of th© pro
jectile was discharged, the base plate of
the. shot and a portion of the frame bein?
left In the gun. When the plate was re
moved th© pressure of gas forced a por
tion of the projectile from the breech oC
tho gun. On the second gun being fired a
hole about three Inches in diameter was
blown -through the projectile, th© other^
part of the ban* plate being left behind.
The baie plate was !n this case separated
from the rest of the projectile. Such ac
cidents are believed never previously to
have occurred on board any ship. Thero
-was mu<»h alarm among: those in the tur
ret, as the bursting- of the guns waji for a
tlm© feared. It ia suggested that' either
-the powder In th» projectiles was damp
or there was water in the guns. So far
as can bo seen both guns are sound.
LET THERE BE
SPIRITUAL SYMPATHY
and caterer, that she- might be able to
direct her kitchen; genuinely sympathetic,
that toward "servant girls" she might
stand in the attitude of a friend. account-
Ing them as home helpers and not slaves,
nnd therefore with a delicate sense of'fit
ness objecting to the term "servants."
unless she applies the same term' to her
minister, merchants, doctor and banker;
honoring true and pure womanhood. In
every sphere of life where It seeks self
respect and cultivates great soqlal aspira
tion.
A woman fond of children, that she
might he glad and proud to be a mother;
with industry, tact and Ingenuity, that
she might both entertain and Instruct her
children. A woman fond of reading aloud,
that she might enrich the early years
(and thus all the ycar<» of her children's
lives) with a taste u,r and a knowledge of
the best literature; keen to detect native
dr-fects 'in her children, that she might be
wise In devising* and equally wise In a
permanent silence concerning them.
A woman steady in the observance of
religious duties, that her' teaching-, might
never become perfunctory, and thru, nil
her we!l chosen and carefully uttered
words about religion might always have
In them the force and fervor of profound
conviction and of personal experience.
A business woman, that sho might sym
pathize with her husband's responsibili
ties and appreciate his obligations; eco
nomical and prudent; training: her chil
dren to know the value of, a penny In the
service that earns it, the self-denial that
saves it, aud the wisdom. that divides It In
naming her doings as a bona fide ex
ample! . .
But this will not do. In my simplicity
1 would say: Trust the boy to tlnd. his
own way through all the mazes of young
society. He has a good thinking Jbrain, a
fairly eusceptlblc heart, and In time will
have experience enough to enable him to
launch and rail his own ship- Oh. how
full the world is of charming women!
Where can you find faith, virtue, honor,
self-denial. Intelligence, Industry, frugal-*
lty and abiding affection? These- qualities
are never more apparent and more prc
nounced than In tho social sphere of oiir
American girls. Nowhere else do you
discover more vigorous health, more real
beauty, more charming manners.
But you flsk, perhaps, should your fon
consult you, what would you advise?
This is certain: I, for one. would man
age In such a matter to meddle as little
as possible. Just think what a mess of It
fathers, and mothers for that mattei,
have made of It, by injudicious and indis
creet arivlsings. Advice Is all right, if It
be given with 'profit care and long before
any choice Is drenmed of. As the twig' Is
bent the tree is Inclined. Now, I think,
you see how a noble, dutiful son may find
a true and womanly woman, who pos
sesses all the needed graces, and how.
hearts asreeine and God holplng them,
they can commence the married life at
tended, with a father's and mother's
blessing. *
A QUEEN OF SILENCE
AND QUEEN OF SPEECH
BY BISHOP JOHN* H. VINCENT.
SF I had a ron who needed a wife, ani
my words had Dower to place in his
hand in holy covenant the hand of a
Woman answering io my ideal, these
are the words I should write:
. A woman of Intelligence, that he. at hla
wisest and best, might respect her; gain
ing In "culture and power with the passing
years. 1 hat he might no! outgrow her; in
dependent, that she might maintain her
rights: self-controlled, that she might not'
be easily overruled; vivacious, that she
might continue ' to Liter eat and insplro
him; gracious and agreeable In "social
manners, that she might help to make
thMr homo attractive to people cf taste
and refinement; having a specialty In art
or literature, that she might continually
augment her resources, expert as a cwk
useful expenditure and philanthropic oe
stowment, x training alike to discrimina
tion, prudence and generosity.
A woman devoted to the church, rever
encing and making delightful (if in a dif
ferent way from other days) the holy
Sabbath, recognizing the pre-eminence of
the Holy Bible over all other books, and
building up into our civilization as far as
her home can do it the noble Christian
elements which are the glory of the age
and the Government in which we live.
A woman free from affectations of every
sort, scorning to appear what she is not,,
accounting bluntness as rudeness, and yet
preferring' bluntness to pretense.
A woman who ia a Queen of Silence anfl
a Queen of Speech; holding tho golden
iscepter which lifted ensures the first, and
dropping gives the blessing of the second;
loving her home better than all other
places on earth, making it a foretaste of
the home eternal and sharing with other
earthly homes tho qualities of grace and
peace which make her own so delightful,
A , woman beautiful .with the personal
charms which reality In character be
stows: charms which make irregular fea
tures and a plain face attractive, and
which thought,; love and unselfish devo
tion make radiant. Such is my ideal of
tho wife I should seek for my son, if my
son were not. already thoroughly satisfied,
an i3 his father.
BY JOSEPH COOK:
RESPECT AND SUPREME
AFFECTION THE BASIS
WHAT sort of a woman would I
advise my son to marry? Just
such a woman as I married my-
self:. It might be, however, that
my eon would not closely resemble my
self and in that case, I should insist that
his preferences ought to be different from
hla father's. But the supreme rule for
marriage is to make.' the basis of It only
a supreme affection. This should be
tested not only by love at first sight, but
perhaps by yearn of acquaintance, many
aided, thorough and of cumulative effect
in the growth of regard of the deathless
kind. * Will two souls grow apart from
each other? This, with younger people.
Is a question that can be answered, it
may be, by years of manifold experience.
Let acquaintance be somewhat prolonged
BY CJENErtAL O. O. HOWARD,
HAVING set a proper example for
my *on yeurs before he -was born;
by making the choice of a wife of
Just the. right kind, he has now
in his mind a true model: he has had this
mocfel ever since he was old enousrh to
play with the "boys and observe the girN.
He looks nround and comes as near to the
rrrod.el as he can. But does h<? then- and
there make- hi* choice? I'nless he is u.i
usually discreet he will not succeed in
capturing such a price. Why not? Be
cause the prize also had a good mother
and a good father, and so she. too, has
a model, an ides I »if her own, for her'fu
ture mate. You see ho"\v very difficult tno
adjustment; Think of a young man al
ways Quoting: the sayings of his mother
to his intended as a means of grace, or
HEARTS AGREE NG AND
GOD HELP NG THEM
her household and a portion to her maid
ens." She is a woman, too. of large con
sideration and distinct business faculty.
"She considcreth a field and buyeth it;
v.ith the fruit of her hands she planteth
a vineyard"; !ier candle burns all night
and the spindle moves nimbly to the touc'i
of her deft hands. She is a downright
clever woman of business. Any fool who
has the money can buy a new hat. but
Lemuel's wife can make an old hat look
llko a new one. That Is genius! Lem
uel's wife is no niggard; "she stretches
out her hand to the poor; yea. she reach
cth for h her hands to the needy." If
you v.ou!d know wh.-it a wife sh« Is look
at her husband, for when he sltteth
among the eldcru of the land he is known
by the whiteness and the fineness of his
linen. And what a talker this gentle
creature is, "Shp openoth her mouth with
wisdom; and in her tongue is tho law of
kindness." Her reputation stands out
above the renown of her circle, every ono
pays concerning her. "Many daughters
have done virtuously, but thou without
doubt excellest them all."
I have thus made a clean breast of the
purposts which animate me in the choice
of a daughter-in-law. My readers now
know exactly my policy in reference to
my son's welfare. He wil] never be half
a mart until he is mated with this sweet
and holy woman of the Book of Proverbs
I speak with the greatest emphasis; I de
clare with the whole passion of my heart,
that this is precisely the kind of wife
which I should at once choose for my
eon— if 1 had one.
ana engagement short between those who
would not' find a misleading reticence an
ambush for surprises after marriage. But
there are exceptions to even this rule, for
Shakespeare says of two souls that were
exquisitely matched:
At the first glance th«y have changed eyes.
If this- exchange of eyes Is unforced, spon
taneous, permanent. It is the divine sum
mons to marriage, and nothing else la
equally authoritative within the holy of
holies of the heart, early or late. Such
a. summons usually comes to a man or
woman but once In that brief gleam which
we' call life. Health, beauty, accom
plishments are Important, but respect and
a supreme affection that will bear all
tests are the Indispensable and command
ing prerequisites of . a happy marriage.
The base of the pillar of a right mar
riage must be confidence, .respect, un
shaken as to tho foundations of the world,
but the superstructure must reach beyond
the stars.
Thoroughly happy marriages are only
those of which the shrewd instinct of
human affection and passion has caused
it to be proverbial to say that they were
certainly jnade in heaven-
But this Is a holy mystery Into which
even the angels look and forever and
always find it unfathomable.
BY WILL R. MOODY.
THE phraseology in which we apeak
of a person "falling in love" is sig
nificant of the abruptness with
'. which a young person discovers an
attachment for another. For' this very
reason It usual'y happens that some sel
dom seek the counsel of a father In sucn
matters before their choice has been al
ready made. So it has been for genera
tions, and the question you raise Is there
fore one that v.-onld. In actual- experience,
be almost unique.
And yet then? is probably no decision In
a man's life, next to his relations to God.
that is so important as tho choice Of a
wife. To make a wise choice is to find
reinforcement for all thht needs strength;
to make a mistake; In all but most excep
tional cases, means fiisaster to the best
possibilities of life's career. Many men
£ave been made by a wise choice, and,
'ftlos! many others hnve been ruined.
There are. however, certain principles,
easily discerned, which ar» essential to a
happy marriage. The first of these Is
loveJ Not the sentimental caprice of the
season, but that experience that once
known can never be confused with any
counterfeit. Surh a Iovp that grows day
by day and is strengthened more: in life's
tragedies than its joys. ' Second. It Is
essential to an ideal companionship that
there should be community of interests,
not simply in the worttTfl pleasures and
knowledge, but In the joys and Interests
of the kingdom of God.
Should a son o*f mine then ask my coun
sel on such a question, I would Impress
upon him these two essentials to a wise
choice. I would urge him to seek for the
companionship of one who would insplro
him to his best achievements, sympathize
with his highest aspirations, rejoice in
the things he loved; and last, and most
important of all. one who could enter Into
the fellowship of his sorrows, for in the
school of affliction as nowhere else souls
are drawn most closely together In love
and confidence.
A COMPANION IN
SORROW AS IN JOY
BY MRS. FRANCIS E. CLARK.
IS it not a difficult question to ask of
one- who is spending the greater part
of her time In naming up future
husbands for oih'jr people's daugh
ter*?
As a. preliminary step I sent word to
half a dozen college girls of my acquaint
ance, to know what kinds of husband*
they wou'd choose. *ind with one* voico
they assured me that they did not want
any husbands. That put a summary etofi
to my Investigations lft that direction, and
quite took my breath away. But I do not
believe & word of It. 'I next appealed to
-BY- MARIOJf HARUXD.
«- r -aiRET. he mu*t be a gentleman in
every sense that abused word im
<* . plies. For it is abused as much a>
the Justly rlUJcuied term. "Jady."
The educated man who is faultltasl)
dressed and whose manners are in har
mony with his attire is. in the rrctne de
la creme of modem society. yc!ept "a
gentleman." althcufcli his principles may
be as faulty as bis bearing ;s correct, and
his secret life as reprehensible as his
manners are admirable. Therefore. I say.
I wou'o ha\e our giri's husband a gentle
rhan In the inward and -spiritual life as
fully E5 in the oiit^.ard and. visible sign.
Ehe. as a refined ¦woman, can never be
happy v.ith him un'itr any other circum
stances.
He must a'so ha /c tastes that are. tc
a certain extent, congenial to those of her
whom he would make his wife. There
must be a harmony of interest that will
create a true marriage of minds as well a.
of hearts. She. to whom books are an
essential to happiness and to whom grea:
literature W an everrdelishtful field
through which she has always wandered,
and in which she nopes to roam at will
all her day*, will :ir;d herself sadly en
nuied by a life-cmpanion whose only
literature is his daily newspaper, and who
is conscious of no difference between the
children of Thackeray's brain and the
hysterical creation., ot the author of the
latest and most lurid of dime, novels.
There are few more pitiable objects than
an Intellectual woman linked for life to a
man who cannot appreciate her aspira
tions, and to wh<«m the talk of books and
matters literary is as an unknown- t*ngue.
A very important requisite in the hus
band that our girl would marry Is his
anility to support her In comfort. Per
haps fh* may not nave all the luxuries to
¦which she was accustomed in her father's
house, but no man has a moral right to
take a tenderly reared girl from a draw
ing-room and place iicr in his kitchen.
A CHRISTIAN EVERY
DAY IN THE YEAR
I*«ft. but by Do m«-ans least, our daugh
ter's husband must have the same re
ligious faith as herself. I do not mean
l>y this that he and the must, of neces
sity, belong to tht t-ume religious denom
ination, but that they must both belong
to the great Ctrardb universal, that their
hope tor this world and for that which is
to come must be. the same. This is the
great essential to tht true happiness our
daughter would gain. When the storms
of life dash upon her and her beloved, she
must feel that of a turety they are both
upheld by the Everlasting Arms.
THE WIFE DESCRIBED IN
THE BOOK OF PROVERBS
Oorvrteht, I'M- Th< * Christian Herald.
New York.
BY RHV. JOSEPH PARKER. D.D
<==•= II" subject of this article 5s rap
3W0 of being- stated from r\ totals ]
]i different point of view, that is, fos '
e\ample. What <1s.u;rhTer-ln-!aw would II
. honm*. tar myaelf? So limited is the mind
, t r:r,n. an.1 so selfish is he oven in his
raovt t-xelted moments, that he cannot
hut treat «?very subject with special rc
card to his own emotions, preferences and
Interests. I have not only to choose a
i\:f<» fcr my son. I have to choose another
::i» rribf-r for my own family, a considera
tion which cannot but affect my reason-
Ing upon bo delicate a subject. If my eon
vo.ro tr» be mafried to-morrow and depart
for the i!ttermos?t i5arts of the earth on-
The day following. 5 might not feel the
pressure of the matter 50 sensitively; but
when I reflect that my son and his wife
are point: to live within five minutes' walk
of my own house. an<1 they will probably
come at lea«t thrice a week for their
pui.pcr at try table, it 1* impossible for
me to brinp my susceptibilities within the
control of a stern cr even Spartan discip
line.
First of nil. my son's wife must have a
ro<>my ani well furnished head. For I
Jlke sense; downright, solid human sense.
I like. too. pense that is coftened and
varied by veil controlled and well direct
ed humor, rot only the *ense that can see
a joke after It has been elaborately ex
plained, but the broader, rarer sense,
which can see the humorous aspect even
of some serious things. It Is pitiful to
s»e how very seriously pome people take
. Ihelr daily life. Life is serious enough in
s':l conscience, therefore, do not let us fill
It with a deeper nadne«s. so tragrical as
to be utterly without relief, and without
openings into wider and healthier spaces.
My dauehter-ir.-law. therefore, must have
s^enso relieved and softened by gracious
humor; the humor that may make her
keenly alive to the defects of other fam
ilies, but obligingly biind to the infirmi
ties of all !n her own family.
My daughter-in-law. must not be a. mere
face. I hnpe my meaning In clear. I hav>»
now and again seen a woman who had a
face and nothing behind It. It has been
a nice face in point of form, a shapely
modeled face, representing, indeed, some
degree of perfection in feature, yet it
never liyrhted up. it never really laughe<l.
grinned but did not smile, it looked
but saw nothing. If my son brought r.
fare of that kind into my house ,1 wouM
banish Mm into disgrace and solitude. A
full length portrait of the wife I would
choose for my son is Riven in the last
charterer the Book of Proverbs, beginning
«t tho tenth verse. There Is no comelier
woman lr. all the galleries of literary art.
To think that there may be a woman who
will do my son good and not evil all the
days of her life— what a fortune Is thai;
What refined cold! What living light!
Then how industrious is the wife of King
Lemuel. "She sceketh wool, and flax a.i-l
worketh willingly with her hands.; sh-;
bringoth her food from alar: she riseth
while it is yet nifrht. and giveth meat t'i
A GENTLEMAN AT HEART
AND AN ASSURED INCOME
THE SUNDAY CAUl
11
The Kind of Wife
The Kind of HusbandHere Is the great Bernhardt born In 1844
—that makes her flfti'-seven years old,
come the 22d of October next. Only last
season she produced the same author's
new tragedy and set the Seine afire with
her playing of it. More than that, tha
world feminine is wrapping Itself m
L'Aiglon cloak. It is corseting itself to
L'Aiglon. figure. It is shingling itself to
L'Aiglon hair-cut. The gods c^n grant no.
more. * - / '
Henry Fouquier wrote a sad good-by to
her when. she left France .or her Ameri
can tour, by which we are the" richer. His
parting tribute to her was . renchy In
Its eloquence, universal In its adoration.
Said 'he: "We may say. Indeed, that al!
forms of human realjtv or dream have is
sued from her lips or been evoked In her
attitudes." • • - • -
Everybody knows by this time how In
this tragedy she plays the part of a^boy—
the sad little Duke / of Reiehstadt:* She
plays it with a strength which. If the orig
inal Duke had possessed It. a critic says,
might have won for him greater things
than did his frail little hopes In real life.'
Whether- true to the life or not. at any]
rate it- Is a great tragic creation that
marks a new epoch in the career of Its
actress.
To Coquelln in the part of Cyrano no
greater tribute can be paid than, that of
Its author. The printed French edition of
the play contains on its first page the fol
lowing dedication: "It Is to. Cyrano's
spirit that I wished to dedicate this poem.
But' since that' spirit has passed into you.
Coquelin, it is to you that I Inscribe this
dedication. E. R."
Adolph Aderer gives an account of the
triumph of the piece In Paris. He says:
the more greedy for Coquelin's rendering.
When he brought it to America.'we were
eo dazzled by it that we forgot poor Mans-
Jleld, who had helped pave the way for
his part's creator. "Coqueiln and Rostand
together have given- us something new in
art," we have said.
And Coquelin is sixty sears old.
. " 'Cyrano* was played during the whols
of the year 1SSS. which we may well call
"Cyrano's* year. The hundredth perform
ance was given on March 5, which was a
veritable fete day. After the first act
flower-girls carried baskets full of littl*
bouquets in all parts of the theater, and
every spectator was able to select his fa
vorite flower. '
"Between the second and third acts
Ragueneau's little pastry cooks passed
around platters loaded with cakes. At the
one hundred and fourth- performance the
Porte-Salnt-Martin Theater had received
a round million of francs, or $200,000. The
piece was not played during the summer,
but was revived in September and contin
ued its triumphal course until the end of
the year, when the total receipts since the
first performance amounted to $500,000."
Earcey has written: "Coquelln is admir
able, and I cannot too often repeat It. He
is the soul of the piece. What a marvel
ous comedian; always on the stags and
warming all those around him by his lif#
and spirit."
The wonderful actors must share hon
ors with their playwright. Edmond Ros
tand, dramatic poet, came Into his fame
as a fln de siecle writer, and the new cen
tury hopes to see the development 6f his
powers.
Born only thirty-three years ago, he has
already been welcomed as the introducer
of a new epoch in his art. "What luck,
tv hat luck," criea a writer. "We aro at
last to be rid of the Scandinavian fogs, of
the too minute psychological studies and
the express brutalities of the realistic
drama. - We perceive the Joyous sun of
ancient Gaul, wblch, after* a long eclipse,
rises once more upon the horizon." i't't-' .
Think of that from Sarcey in the year
•1S97. when the new playwright was still In
his twenties!
It was three years before that, in 1SS4,
that the Comedic Francaise produced his
*'Romaa.es.ques." Its success was so great
.that Bernhardt^immediately ordered him,
to write' her a play. T*he outcome of their
arrangement was "Princess I^ointaflie,"
and the moderate success of this was fol
lowed by a greater one in "Samaritaine."
Rostand's first great triumph was still to
come, however, and it was Coquelln, In
stead of his good angel Eernhardt, who
was to ftelp him achieve i*. "Cyrano" pro
nounced him the new dramatist. v
If fate seemed a bit unfair in this, she
squared herself last season by letting him
produce "L'Aiglon" for the divine Sarah's
portrayal. It proved as tremendous a trag
edy as "Cyrano" had been comedy, and
its popularity was aa far-reaching. Here
again on this side the water has a Ros
tand play been taken up and attempted
by an ambitious actor.
The public is loyal to Maude Adams and
to Richard Mansfield, but there's no use
talking; art is. art, and it couldn't tell
what these two plays really were until
Bernhart and Coquelln showed It.
s » m ¦
A little girl and her aunt went for &
walk out on Union street the other day.
and as -they "walked the aunt caught her
skirt on the sharp edge of her shoe heel
and tor* off several Inches >f lace.
"Won't you tear it off for me. dear?"
she asked. "I cannot mend !t now."
The accommodating little rir! dropped
en her knee, and for several minutes there
was the sound of tearing goods— really
much more tearing than was necessary to>
remove a piece of lace only half an Inch,
wide. * s 
"Haven't you finished yet?" finally
asked the aunt.
"Yes." said the littl«vgirl. rising- wearily
"I ' was taking all this oft. I wanted
enough for my doll's skirt while I was at
It. - and the little piece -you tore off
wouldn't do."— Memphis Sclmetar. __
THE BERNHARDT, COQUELIN FAREWELL AMERICAN TOUR
sons aro he and his playwriter, Rostand,
ect a continent a-buzz with their new pro
duction. The fame of it reached, to our
shore and an actor of ours Kavo us Una
p!ay in a form so rood that wo were all
REPAIR your French.
"Let u« repair our gowns first."
are you eaying?
For hea.vi;n's fake don't. She 13
en artist, is the divine Saran; he !s anoth- '
er. is the incompt;rab!e Cocuelin. They
don't care a. snap of their 'active French
fingers, they don't care a. shrug of their
loquacious l^rench" shoulders what you
have on. Dre.\s if y. >u will, but forget j our
clothes when you lake your four-Collar
6cat. Forget
Ah, but what folly. Who can do aught
but forget in her presence, in his? Sonic
of you succeeded in lunilug your share
of the grar.d opera lulo a mere society
crem. You can't do it when it comes to
'. i e$f. artist?.
3efor-s the two weeks are over Bern
".. rdt will have played for us several or
li.tr old plays. She opens in her newest,
' L/Ai£ion." Ccquelin follows in his great
'rt, "Cyrano."
For these wonJerf ul ,lwo well along to
ward old age. raisin consider that they
needed a well-earned rust if they were
as othtrr men are. PUuvv they are not.
Plainly genius is a 6re» that burns the
merrier as it burns ihe Joncor.
Will they never t;ike to slippers and
firesides, one wonders? Will they never
take to reminiscence, and will they never
claim the right to believe that things were
better dor.e in other days? Instead of sit
ting- back and lotting the prooeEricn mov^
tin ahead of them, they lead it yet, and
ere more up-to-date than the youngest
youngster. They are still learning for
themselves new things about art and
teaching us.
Here is the great Coquelln. bom in 1841 —
he was sixty on the 23d cf this month if
arithmetic hi true— aao only three sea-
THE SUKDAY C ALt;
12go on at tho military reservation at West
Point.
Victims Among the Cadets.
"It is. of course. Impossible to deter
mine with mathematical accuracy Just
what has been the effect of this long
course of cruel and annoying treatment
upon fourth class men. We do know that
several, notably- Cadets MacArthur, Breth
and Burton, were hazed into convulsions;
that many more. Including Cadets Has
call, Kensel. McGinnls and Pegram. were
hazed until they fainted. Cadet Vannata
and perhaps others have been hazed until
sick. Cadets Booz and Breth were both
Humiliation and Hazing of the Cadets by Their Seniors De
clared a Practize That Must Be Stamped Out — Fighting,
a Felony in Many States, the Worst Form of Abuse
CODE OF THE UPPER CLASS MEN
IS SCORED IN REPORT OF THE
CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATORS
MRS. C. M. BIXFORD OF LQS ANGELES, WHOSE SENSATIONAL
# ELOPEMENT WITH "FAITH HEALER" W. C. HARRIS IN OCTOBER
LAST BROUGHT SORROW TO TWO HOMES.
THREE WEST POINT CADETS WHO WERE HAZED 7 INTO COWUL.
SIONS BY UPPER CLASS MEN.. THEIR CASES ARE REFERRED TO
BY THE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE. ¦
treated, with- great severity, and were
never. well after they left the academy,
and' each died In his young manhood, be
fore, the graduation of hjs class, but wo
cannot affirmatively, find that their deata
was caused by their treatment." '
Taking: up the Booz case, the committed
states that. his conduct at the academy
was strictly correct, although under tha
offensive class despotism It was viewed
as meriting chastisement. Tha circum
stances, of his being called out. his flgfit
and . the system t of annoyance, practiced
on" him- are "minutely stated. Tho com
'mlttee add:." : ¦
"Whether injuries in the fight, disturb
ance of the stomach. Irritation of feelings
and other superadded ordeals to the se
vere but proper duties of a cadet, created
the depression In Booz, and whether with
out these 'unlawful - exactions he could
have studied and grained in strength and
vigor, are also problems beyond human
knowledge to determine. And tho Ilka
commentary must be made respectln j tha
case of John Edward Breth."
The committee say on tho whole a
man's religious opinions are highly re
spected at the academy. In one case a
cadet was called a "damned Jew." but
this was an Isolated case. Two Hebrews
now at the academy testified that they
have never been ill-treated on account of
race and religion. ¦ -^ - • '~ r '.-~
More Officers Eequlred.
The diligent efforts of the academy offi
cials to suppress hazing are set forth. But
it is pointed out that while there are sev
enty-one army officers' at the academy,
eleven . persons are solely charged with
maintaining discipline In a reservation oC
more than 2000 acres and more than two
miles long, over about 430 cadets. Tha
committee considers it absolutely essen
tial that more officers should be in tho
camp at all hours of the day and night.
The- bill s%>mitted contains eleven sec
tions against hazing and provides means
for its detection and punishment. Dis
missal Is provided for taking part in a
fight or a challenge, directly or Indirectly."
cr for any. form, of annoyance, harassing
or "Draclng" of cadets. Cadets dismissed
are made ineligible to appointment to the
army, navy or marine corps, i Provision la
made for. courts of inquiry, courts-mar
tial, closer association between - office -3
and cadets and other means for effectual
ly stopping the practice of hazing.
filled with water and many other forms
of hazing. ¦
. Continuing tha report says:
"As this system grew, and became more
and more oppressive it became necessary
to have some effective means to coerce
obedience to these unlawful behests of
upper class men and to meet this demand
a system of fighting has gradually grown
.up. which Is shocking in' its character.
Each.of the ,upper classes has a regular
fighting committee, and .' whenever it is
reported, for example, to the president ,of
the' third class thut some '-¦ fourth' class
man has refused to obey, any of tha un
lawful and illegal orders of an upper
class man or has in some other Important
respect violated' tho upper class code, all
of which it must be borne- In mind is In
direct conflict' with the 'regulations and
rules of the academy,, the president calls
his'flghtirig committee together and if it
thinks the * charge -rude- it orders the
fourth, class man . called - out and names
the man who Is to whip him." '
Fighting Most Vicious, vl' •
The committee describe the fights at
length and say:
"A fight to a finish has more vicious
meaning here than elsewhere. Theoretic
ally, when a man la clearly whipped his
seconds may throw up the fight The rec
ord shows, however, but ' one Instance of
this being attempted and In that the prin
cipal was the upper class man In the fight
and refused to abide by his. seconds' ad
vice. To show his grit and courage the de
feated party, although helpless so far as
fighting Is concerned, must nominally go
on so long as there la any possibility that
he can come back to the ring, even though
he is incapable of doing -anything but
take punishment. Many of the witnesses
say that he must nght until knocked In
sensible: others say . that of- course he
would be excused when physically incap
able of coming up again.
"In the opinion, of this committee, when
this system of fighting . has been de
stroyed the worst forms of hazing must
die with it. Such fights as these are felo
nies in many of the Statea. They ha,ve
gone on for years at "West Point and no
one has been punished during the period
covered by the investigations by your
committee, arid the time has now arrived
when Congress must decide whether the
fights, substantially everywhere , else
treated as high crimes, shall continue to
¦ Major » Dutton is : the officer who made
public ; the information regarding the ac-
: CALit C :BUREAU.iii06G; STREET, N.
W.*. - WASHINGTON. Feb.. 9.— Orders Is-
sued by 1 the President retiring Major Clar^i
enco E. '¦ Dutton of the ordnance depart
ment i»re; the sequel to the French gun
scandal which caused so much gossip last
November.,,;.-' "
It Is understood that Major Dutton
showed conclusively that he was not
prompted by malice in making public tho
Information, but Secretary Root decided
to approve Major Dutton's application for
retirement after thirty years" service, and
this action was favorably indorsed by tha
President.
in manufacturing a gun decided upon by
the Board of Ordnance and Fortifications.
quisltlon by Captain Isaac Lewis of the
artillery, secretary of the Board of Ord
nance and Fortifications, of plans of the
famous French ; field . gun. The publica
tion of this incident caused an official in
vestigation to be made by Lieutenant Gen
eral Miles, who was apparently convinced
that 'the information had been given to
the press to prevent the use of the plans
Galdols^ damaging " the 'facade \of th*
building.". .;!,' -/l^HBISjj^fi^i'Aj-u-'IVi
MADRID, Feb. 9:^-Tho Countess; Ca
serta, accompanied ' . by . her : daughters,
Donnas Pia Immaculnda -and Joflna,
drove through the. leading streets to-day
to visit the art gallery. 'They-, were,' sa
luted respectfully. Count Caserta also
made a number 'of visits. Donnas^ Pla
and Joflna have given the ' Princess . of
the Asturias a" valuable watch encrusted
with pearls and diamonds.'- All •- the;aris
tocracy^, of : Madrid '¦¦ have . signed- the. vis
iting- book, of and * Countess
Caserta, who are now Installed in.aTpor
tion of the Asturias '• apartments . in ' the
rcyai palace. Y :
' The Minister, of , Education has author
ized all ; the ; universities ¥ . to advance r the
carnival holidays on the .occasion of the
wedding.^ Students who are hostile to the
Casertas^decided^tO; protest against. this
step and the streets,' but notdls
oider occurred. ¦ ¦ :> ,• • . . .
: The students. continued^ their manifesta
tions and .,th*e7 police charged;^, upon! them
and some arrests^were made. .'. *', t, : _ . ; •
It Is stated' that persons were
injured during the- late* demonstrations
and* numerous "arrests were, made.'
i A petard "was exploded .this'eyeninjr^in
front 1 of the publishing house Vof 1 Peres
Several Persons Injured in Riots at
Madrid P.nd Many , Ar
rests Made.
POLICE CHAItaE" TJFON *
;:>.;;; MATCHING
Army -Officer; WhpMade Public -the .Plans of the Board of
Wi ' ¦". Ordnance Goes Intb Private Life.
RETIREMENT OF MAJOR C. E. DUTTON THE
SEQUEL TO THE FRENCH GUN SCANDAL
rrrr y ASHINGTON. Feb. 9.— The re
\V/\ / P.ort of the special Congres-
Vy \^ sional committee which Inves
* ' " tigated the' hazing of Cadet
, . - ¦ , - , Bopz and the general subject
' of hazing at West Point was submitted to
the -House- of - Representatives by. the
chairman. Representative Dick, together
with ) it blir>maUingr; stringent regulations
against- hazing;- "fighting and all brutal
practices. ';'_., ¦".;-. .- . — •
\ Tne. : report*; is an .exhaustive review of
the; practice; of i In all Its forms,
and while moderate In torie.'it ls,' v never
. t hel fi«s .' a ' stingi 1 hff \ /arraignment of ' ¦ the
Jlnany/ alleged 'brutal practices enumer
ated." it specifies more than one hundred
distinct methods of annoying, and harass
ing, fourth class men, and describes* them
in detail. • •.
-One of the "funny formations" de*.
scribed Is that practiced on Philip Sheri
dan Jr., ".who was compelled to • ride a'
broomstick, "In mockery of his 'illustrious
father's achievement at Winchester."
The report states that a system of fight
ing has grown up which is shocking In its
character. The fights are described and
the committee states that tlje West Point
code is more vicious than the Queens
berry code. The committee holds that
fighting, is the worst form of- hazing.
' The- report -says that such fighting as
that at West Point is a felony, according
to the statutes in many of the .States,
and that, the time has come when Con
gress, must decide whether fights which
are high, crimes elsewhere shall continue
at West Point. - »
. : Class Distinctions.
The report first 'discusses the class dis
tinctions between the upper class men' and
\he "beasts" and "plebes,'' as the new ar
rivals and unde,r class men are called, and
says: 1 '
'"The upper class men have gradually
evolved an entire code of unwritten laws
governing their relations with . fourth
class men as well as the whole course of
conduct which should be pursued by the
latter. Under this code no friendships are
formed between the upper class men and
the' lower class men; they have" no social
Intercourse or relations. Except where
the parties have been acquainted before
entering -the . academy, the upper class
man treats, the fourth "class man as'ua
knownr a. stranger and an inferior. ' The
fourth class~man has no right to speak so
cially to" the'upper class man, and when he
speaks to', him onTbuslness he addresses
him as 'mister* or, 'sir.' No fourth class
man should '. gaze, stare or even look
squarely at an upper class man, but drop
the eyes when in one's presence, and fail
ure to do so Is a punishable offense.
./'After the. fourth > class men go into
camp each' Is ¦ assigned, by lot or other
wise, to some upper class man as special
duty man and as such must discharge
the duties of a body and tent, servant.
He ' must -. sweep his superior's tent, put
up and take down his < bed, adjust. tho
haps of ; his 'tent, carry water and' dis
charge other similar duties. The upper
class men, profiting no . doubt by what
they have learned from their" predecessors
and-the I aid "of their own fertile Ingenuity,,
ihave resorted to- more than one hundred
' To-night a meeting was' held in" Holton
a nd a vigilance committee . was ' organized
to see that'a joint never again would have
a chance to do business, there.' Ths mem
bers of ; the committee say " that the ; first
Joint that starts then? will.be immediately
smashed^ and the owner, of it ' banlshei
from the city - "•'"¦" ' --'P - • " 7 ; . ".
There was not a semblance of lawless
ness at any time during the progress of
the smashing. Lawyers, newspaper * men
and business men helped swell the crowd;
which was composed of' some of the very
best people of Holton.' ,- > "¦"><£?
.-After the smashing, nad been completed,;
the I guardians of "the , law went § to' . the
Methodist church and , had " a.*" thanksgiv
ing service over the successful result of
their work.' - - •¦'¦>'.-¦¦'¦''<'¦•."¦
" The citizens 'decided to give the rematn r
Ing Jointists a few hours within which Vo
leave the clt-jv?- "' : Ji-t^-i .-.'¦
,. When the demolition of the Hicks joint
was complete, the" crowd started to do
the same thing with the other joints of
the city, two in number. The proprietor^
of these joints, by working very hard,
managed to turn out all 'their, liquor by
the time, the crowd reached their places
of -business and nearly had the fixtures
moved. They pleaded earnestly to be 3.1
lowed to keep the fixtures and promised
on their oaths never again to sell a drop
of liquor in Holton. One, of the jolntists,
a man by the name #;f Anderson, - gut
down on his knees and supplicated the
crowd not to destroy his fixtures, as Jt
would'ruin him financially] and he,prom
ised to have them out "of town in an hour.
There' were a number of qfflcers in tha
crowd and theyled the way to tho first
Joint, which was kept by a woman by the
name of Hicks, on the south side of the
public square. This has , for years been
one of. the most notorious places of the
city.. The crowd broke in "the doors and
took out. all the. liquor, emptying It into
the streets. They then broke- up all the
flxturesvln true j Mrs.' Nation style, not
Ieaving"a whole thing that could be used
In the joint business. The proprietress of
the Joint tried to leave, but the crowd re
fused to let her. 1 • *^v*.: •-
.The citizens of Holton held a meeting
last night ! and decided that the joints
must be closed at 'once. Thl3 afternoon
at 3- o'clock they met at the Methodist
church, and after some evangelistic ex
erclses'they started out to do their work.
There were about 300 people at th'e church,
but it soon became. known what was go
ing on and soon the main street of the
city was crowded with eager people, anx
ious to see the work accomplished. V
TOPEKA, Kans.. Feb. 9.-Holton,
Kans., was purged of its Joints to-day.
The purging process was accomplished by
a band of at least a thousand determined
citizens, who took the law into their own
hands and meted out summary justice to
the Jointists of the city. Three Joints
were put out of business and Holton is a
dry town for the first 'time in fifteen
years.
Quit Business.
Citizens "Wreck One and the Other3
HOLTON'S JOINTS CLOSED.
which was accomplished 'without objec
tion on the part of Mrs. Nation.
Apparent mutual reconciliations fol
lowed, but the infatuation between Harris
and Mrs. Binfcrd waj too deep to be
smothered. Harris onenly visited Mr3.
Binford on her return to Los Angeles, and
he declared to her oarents his desire to
marry her. When Blnford and the first
Mrs. Harris realized rhe- situation tjiey
obtained divorces and to-day's marriage
followed. In their baste to bo '..wedded,
Harris and Mrs. Blnford .entered lnto r a
marine marriage off the parVor Redotwft*'
last Tuesday and Immediately started for
the City of Mexico, where Harris will.be
gin life anew as vice president a -gas
company. They stopped at* El Paso.lbrtff
enough 'to have the* marriage' cOrehiony
repeated. Mrs. Harris" number- one Is
stopping at. a local lodging-house and is
practically without'fuads". ¦ - '
the local social scandal of the year. Mrs.
Harris promptly filed suit for divorce, but
Binfcrd had the guilty pair arrested at
Phoenix. The • charge was reduced to a
nominal basis, and the principals, plead
ing guilty, were lined $100 each.
By this time the enthusiasm had been
worked up to a high degree and Mrs. Na
tion was urged to make a tour of , the sa
loons'. This she agreed to do, and at 3:30
o'clock, accompanied by ; two city de
tectives detailed by the Chief of Police,
called upon four saloon-keepers in their
places of business. She was followed by
an enormous crowd,, reaching as* high as
5000. When the barroom of the KIrkwood
Hotel was reached the Chief of Police
held a hasty consultation with his offl
cers and conclude J to stop the crusade.
After half an hour's work on the part
of tbe police a way was made through
the crowd for Mrs. Nation to reach a car
riage which had been provided. Once in
side the carriage the clamor for a shako
of her hand was too great and the saloon
smasher stepped out of the carriage and
clinging to the swinging door with one
hand frantically grasped the outstretched
bands andT~arms with the other and
wrung them sincerely, crying all the
while: "God bless you; here's a saloon
smasher. God bless you." .,-'..¦
After the reception, which lasted fully
•fifteen minutes, the crowd was forced
back. and the carriage moved up to the
Sablne House, the only prominent hotel
In the city without a bar. Here Mrs. Na
tion received many hundreds, shaking
hands and giving: all -'her. blessings. '
At Des Molnes there were fully 5000 peo
ple cheering and yelling at the station
when the train pulled in. As Mrs. Nation
walked out of the car and got a glimpse
of the va3t throng she broke loose In
childish glee, saying: HT:
"Just look at It! Just look at the dears!
May God bless every one! 1 ' '
"You are one of the smashed!" cried
Mrs. Nation. "I guess I'll have to go
out there after you."
The crowd gave way, but Mrs. Nation
simply laughed and the man sulked.
"We've got a couple of Joints her© t in
town," cried another man. . ' .
"Smash 'em! Smash "em!" cried. Mrs.
Nation.
The crowd roared, but the man simply
reddened in the face and refused to budge.
"There's a man .'that needs a saloon
smasher, all right: I can tell him by his
looks. Come up here, my friend, and
shake handa^with Car rio Nation; don't
be afraid." - . . C- V '
Large crowds were at Dexter and Earl
ham, while De Soto and Booneville turned
out well, considering the size of the towns.
Mis. Nation did not show any symptoms
of fatigue, but continued as effervescent
and Jubilant as ever. At Valley Junction
fully 200 laboring men were present, many
of them railroad hands employed in the
Reck Island's shops. ] There Mrs. Nation
shook hands with everybody within reach
and then singled' out a red-ncsed man as
the victim of her retort. ¦¦
"Oh, I won't need it there," retorteo.
Mrs. Xatlon. and the chorus of roars
evoked by the witty sally were lest only
when the train started out.
Last summer Mrs, Blnford visited her
home in this city and met Professor C. W.
Harris, a handsome young practitioner of
magnetic healing. She took a. course of
treatment under him and the pair became
deeply infatuated, notwithstanding the
fact that each was married.
Their elopement on October 29, 1^30, was
must all work together and smash the sa
loons and save ourselves and our fellows.
God bless you, but you all look as if you
would like to help me. Be good and do
what you can, and meet me in heaven."
"Will you have -your hatchet there?"
cried out a voice.
Judsre and Mrs. C. C. McComas: We were
married to-day at 12 o'clock. Well and happy.
CLARENCE AND CLAIRE.
Two years ago Claire McComas, then
17. eloped with Charles M. Binford, the
marriage taking place at Echo Mountain.
Blnford was then a bank clerk. The
couple eoon removed to Prescott, Ariz.,
where Binford worked as a bookkeeper.
that escapade were married at
El Paso*. Tex. The parents of Mrs. Claire
MeComas Blnford, '.ha beautiful young
woman in the case, 70-day received the
following telegram:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9.— The sequel
to the Harris-BInford elopement
scandal of last October took, place
to-day, when the principals in
'Tou Bee, I haven't cot a hatchet with
me." throwing back her head. "I guess
I won't need it here In. this State. We
At Btuart, however, the platform was
literally covered with people, and after
customary handshake Mrs. Nation
eaid:
The largest crowd along tbe first half of
the Journey was at Stuart. At Casey the
crowd shook hands with Mrs. Nation and
clamored for a speech, but there was not
time.
"God bless you- Tou are all saloon
smashers; I can see it In your faces. We
must all work together to down rum and
the devil. Here's come Jttle boys; come
up. my dears, and shake hands with me.
Yes, I'm Carrie Nation; I'm the saloon
smasher. Don't look like it, do I? But I
did It with my little hatchet. God bless
you, ny boys. Now, I want every one of
you to fill your pockets with rocks and go
out and smash saloons and Joints. Good
by."
At Adalr there was another large crowd,
and Mrs. Nation grasped hands and thea
made a short speech, saying:, •
The first large crowd of the day was
encountered at Anita, where Mrs. Nation
was roused, a window opened and hands
clutched through the aperture. Fully a
hundred persons were gathered on the
platform, and as many as could surged
up to tbe car and shook bands with Mrs.
Nation, who started for the platform, but
the train pulled out suddenly and the
crowd was left behind. -
At Atlantic the first visitors swarmed
into the train, and as Mrs. Nation saw
them coming down the aisle she cried out:
"Hello, boys; glad to see you. Shake
hands. God bless the boys and the young
men. I tell you I just love you all."
In the afternoon she visited four sa
loons, doing no damage, but drawing such
a big crowd on the street that the police
¦were compelled to stop the crusader. In
the evening she addressed a large meet-
Ing In the Y. M. C. A. building. The Jour
ney from Council Bluffs to Atlantic was
made quietly, the hour being too early for
many people to be cut to see the cru
sader.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Feb. S.-Mrs. Na
tion's tour through the western part of
the State this forenoon took on a new
feature and was a triumphal one to the
Kansas saloon smasher. She made a
dozen addresses from the platform of a
Bock Island passenger train to as many
crowds in the towns she passed through
to come to Des Jlolnes to deliver a lec
ture.
During Her Tour.
JIts. Motion Attracts Big Crowds
This is probably the first time the Car
dinal has come out so openly on the tem
perance question and taken a stand
against total abstinence. It is contrary
to the position of Archbishops Corrigan
jsnd Ireland.
THOUSANDS GBEET CEUSADEB.
"Do not Imagine because I deplore and
condemn the Irregularities of Mrs. Xatlon
and her friends I cannot sympathize with
the motives that prompt them. But, I
repeat, it is not the duty of women, how
ever well meaning, to defy the law and
destroy private property. By their vio
lence women <Jo unsex themselves. Re
dress for public ills Bhould be provided by
the regularly constituted authorities, and
by them only."
"Nothing, in ar.y case. can. in my opin
ion and belief, warrant or Justify Mrs.
Nation and her followers in taking the
law into their cwn hands, wrecking the
property of saloon-keepers and usurping
t>ie functions which should properly be re-
Fcrved for the State. I an strongly of the
opinion that the wisest action It could
take would be the repeal of the total ab
p'.Inence laws and the substitution of
measures more surely calculated to help
morality.
"Turning to Kansas and speaking as a
Catholic and American, I am free to con
fi-Fs the disturbances which have occurred
there since the institution of the present
ami-liquor crusade have filled me ¦with
pain, sorrow and astonishment. Either
the total abstinence laws of Kansas are
wise, just and necessary, or they are not.
If they are necessary and wise and Just,
they should be rigidly enforced by the
legislative authorities. If, on the other
hand, they are none of these things, they
should be legally and regularly repealed.
"I have never been able to convince my
self," 6ald the Cardinal, "that what we
call total abstinence Is essential to moral
ity. The moderate and occasional use of
alcoholic liquors is not to be condemned..
In countries like France and Italy, where
the people as a rule drink wine, no serious
harm results from the practice. Even in
Rome — even at the Vatican— wine is not
prohibited, and as we know the Papal
doctors themselves prescribe it for his
Holiness.
BALTIMORE. Feb. 9.— An interview
with Cardinal Gibbons on Mrs. Nation's
crusade in Kansas and his position on the
temperance question will appear in the
Baltimore Sunday Herald. Cardinal Gib
bons in the Interview gives expression,
•with great earnestness, to the views
which he holds regarding total abstinence
la general and Mrs. Nation's movement.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Declares Women Dnsex
Themselves by Taking
Law in Their Hands.
Crusade in Kansas
Causes Surprise
' to Cardinal.
GIBBONS DOES
NOT UPHOLD
MRS. NATION
Four Men Recently Arrested Havs
* Been Executed.
HONGKONG, Feb. 9.-A dispatch from
Canton four men who had been ar
rested for attacking .Germans near. Kun
chuk have been' executed. Thejsame dls
patcn announces the arrival of' the new
Viceroy of Canton. The native newspa
pers approve the appointment, -stating
that the. new official belongs to the pro
gressive party. :
FOR ATTACKING GERMANS.
"A Jager company, detachments of cav
alry, mounted mfadtry and artillery, have
gone via Nankhow to Yenkhlng, seventy
two kilometers northwest of Peklngvto
investigate f re3h murders of Christians
recently reported." j
"Cleve's: column returned to Tientsin
February 8 without any untoward..Inci
dent. Von Troha's column is returning.
It has arrived at Slngho, ten kilometers
north of Peking. >.vV' •: * ,./...
BERLIN, Fob. 9.-A dispatch from Field
Marshal Count von Waldersce, datjed Pe
king, Friday, February S. says:
of-N:w EEacsacrrs.
GERMAN TROOPS ACTIVE.
One Body Sent to Investigate Reports
MARSEILLES, Feb. 9.— Archbishop Fa
vier, the head of the French missions In
North: China and the Vicar ' Apostolic^of •
Peking, will sail on his return. to: China
to-morrow. In the course of an.lrtfervieY/
he declared to-day that the^, accusations
brought by thefamily of Lu Sen, Chinese
Minister of t^oreism Affairs,', who ,Tfan ex-*
ecuted by the Erf.press.. Dowager"" because'
he would not sanction? the* anti-foreign
: 'movement; that the Bishop .looted their
houses of money and valuables, afcgresrat
lng a million taels, the flay after the siege
was ralfed, are absolutely "untrue. .He
further said that immediately ' UCKJn his
arrival in 'Peking- he will place himself 'at
the dirpositlon of the allies and furnish a
complete reply to the calumnies. If, how
ever. It- be shown that any Christian,
without his knowledge or order, injured
any Chinese family, - he . will deem it his
duty, after Investigation by the allies,' to
endeavor to make reparation.
Rations - Made.
Say si There is No Truth in the Alle-
DENIED BY FAVIEB.
The family of Lu Sen state - that - the
stolen property Is now in the possession
of Herbert L. Sauiers, First Secretary of
the American Legation, and is about to
be shipped away.
If only one-tenth of the charges of J
murder, assault and robbery against the
foreigners are substantiated, as there is
much reason to believe will be the case,
Christendom will have cause to blush for*
shame.
The. "League oT Civilian Looters" of all
nationalities has . been disrupted by dif
ferences which have arisen over the di
vision of the spoils, and there now seems
to be a chance for honest men, including
the Chinese, to get their dues.
PEKING, Feb. 9.— The members of the
family of Lu Sen, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, who was executed, by the Empress
Dowager because he would not sanction
the anti-foreign movement, have lodged
a complaint with the international ' Gov
ernment of Peking charging Archbishop
Favier, who Is* now In France, with loot
ing their house of money and valuables
to an aggregate of a million taels (about
$700,000) on the day after the siege was
raised. •
¦Archbishop- Declares, How-
eier, Tnat He DiaiNot
- Make Raid. .
Chinese Make Grave
tales Against
•" Favier.
WHOLESALE
LOOTING BY
FOREIGNERS
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN? FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 72.
Wedding Comes as a Sequel to the
Elopement of the Pair Last Oc
tober and their Arrest at Phoenix
MRS. CLAIRE BINFORD
AND "HEALER" HARRIS
MARRY AT EL PASO
distinct methods of annoying and harass
ing fourth class men. They are divided
Into three general classes: First, things
done professedly for the good of fourth
class men or of the service; second, things
done to punish fourth class men for vio
lations of the upper class code; third,
things done apparently without purpose
except to annoy or for the mere amuse
ment of upper class men."
Oppressive System of Hazing. -L- . %
The committee then describe In detail
bracing, eagling, wooden Willleing, choo
choolng, dipping, sitting on bayonet, eat
ing quinine, standing on head In bathtub
*
The San Francisco CallGENERAL SIR EVELYN WOOD,
WHO MAY GO TO SOUTH AF
RICA.
HOPE FOR AGREITBTEMT
ON CAHAI* QUESTION
Cabinet Ministers Believe It Can Be
Arrived At Without the Slight
est Friction.
LON'DON", Feb. $>.— More important to
some Cabinet Ministers than the Euro
pean situation Is the belief that an agree
ment on the Nicaraguan canal dispute can
be arrived at without the slightest fric
tion. Aside from. China this was tho only
cloud on Great Britain's diplomatic hor
izon previous to the Queen's death. Now
It is hoped that It will disappear.
The announcement yesterday that Great
Britain is about to make counter pro
posals to 1 the Unite*. States on the basis
of the United States amendments to th©
Hay-Pauncefote treaty which are likely
to necessitate extended negotiations, net
a word of which is known in England,
may be- safely described as a pound of
Salisbury and an ounce of Lansdowne.
The aged Premier's foreign policy ha*»
been somewhat Justly described a» a mix
ture of Mlcawberlsm and fatalism. Lord
Lansdowne 13 saH to have taken a
rather aggressive standpoint, insisting on
the observance of me ethics of treaties,
but the same spirit of compromise, which
it is hoped will be shown by the United
States, prex-ailed within the British Cab
inet. Lord Salisbury, as ts usual, gaining
his point. Whether th» Cabinet is un
usually optimistic In thinking the United
State? will agree to counter propositions
time alone will tell. As a Foreign Office
official said: "Nothing is ever settled by
one dispatch."
words of th© celebrated statesman: 'No
war Is good; no peace is bad.' The Fili
pinos, in a common body, in a decided
and firm. movement, have proposed by all
possible means to have peace, and to
work for the early establishment of a
civil government that will be conducive to
an era of liberty, order and tranquillity.
"The Philippine people are more inter
ested than any one in the world in their
own happiness, and the people, wishing to
Bet peaces in the most appropriate way,
may organize the new constitution of our
country by. Industry, agriculture and com
merce, by which they may enter into the
true era of liberty and prosperity, to
which, certainly, we shall soon come.
"For this we have the dear wish to
propagate the idea of peace. We do not
wish an egotistical grouping of politicians,
but we desire a reunion of all Filipinos
who honestly wish for peace and are dis
posed to work for it.
"Our aspirations appear clear and are
practically enunciated in our platform,
and we will endeavor to -sustain it as-Flli
plnos who have for our happiness, and,
consequently, for our country, the great
est liberty and for the future the absolute
Application of the American constitution,
with all the rights ( that are enjoyed by
e.ich city of the great republican federa
tion. :-",:/-
"For this we call ourselves Federal, be
cau?e. under American sovereignty, the
moat Just and unanimous aspiration of the
Filipinos will be to form a part of the
federation and be constituted a so\-erelgn
free State in the same form as exists In
the United States.
"Consequently, with these principles to
guide us. it is not required to determine
elements nor friends, only to all our
brothers, to all Filipinos, we open our
arms so as to be victorious- now that
peace will be established." ' »
' *'lt soon will be 'two years that this in
surrection has gono on In the islands,
and every day that passes convinces" the
Killplnos that the time for peace has ar
rived, and every one knows the beautiful
The recently formed Federal party,
whose platform; wa« prumuljmtftl nwnt
ly,. has issued the following announce
ment:
When the commission Is on Its way
southward It Is likely to touch at Lucenae
and establish the Tayabas government
. Commissioner Ide. is completing th«
draft or th« Civil Lav Code. It. abolishes
all' distinction In the law of equity. The
court practice will be modeled somewhat
on the Now "/.oiiliiiul plan. All suits will
be begun by n 'complaint, and defendants
will 1>« required to answer. Th«» various
forms of the commencement of Iuw»u1ts
in the yn't^d Stnttn "will li* rtUwniUHl
with. There will b« no Jurv trlnU. hut
Commissioner Wright, who t« preparing
the I'llminal Ood<\ I* tirrtutjilntf no thnt
Judge or Justice may KUnunou Aitvtacra In
criminal trials at hi* rtlm'trtlon, Ttur*
has been m. va»t itiuiMittt of oilllol-m of
the> native Judges* of \\\%> m«hii.'» I'lmi in
stance court*, Th« w»w ev*1# will ns
create th« courts n\u\ tho »vnimliMi»i\ will
appoint n«w ,1«i1kh», ThtM unquMtlon
ably.will be Amerlwnn,
: MANII-A. Feb. 9.— Tayabas, the first
southern province pacified, will probably
be the fourth In which a. provincial gov
ernment will be established. Colonel Gard
ner of the Thirtieth Regiment, which is
at Manila on its way home from Tayabas,
will' be Governor of the province. The
United States Commission desires Colonel
Gardner to accept, and General MacAr
thur has intimated that the colonel might
bo released for that purpose.
PROVINCIAL GOVERNMENT TO BE
ESTABLISHED IN TAYABAS PROVINCE
•__iONTX)N, Feb. 9.— The Dowlals and Cy
fartha Steel "Works are appealing for a
reduction of their tax assessment on the
pround that the American competition Is
causing an extraordinary depression In
the trade.
"Want Taxes Reduced.
BERI-IN. F"eb. 9.— The lower House of
tfe« Prnsslon Diet continued to-day the
debate on the estimates of the Ministry
of Justice and voted its approval of the
principles hitherto observed by Dr"
Bcboeastedt. the Minister of Justice. In
ti« appointment of notaries, the Radicals
and Poles opposing. The Minister's sal
ary -was then voted.
Debate in Prussian Diet,
LONDON. Feb. S.-A collection cf auto
rraph letters and documents of William
Penn. Including his will written by him-
Be.lr In 1705. were sold at auction to-day
for S55 guineas. The collection was pur
chased by a London dealer, after B F
Stevens, the United States dispatch a-r-ii
•Jid purchasing ajrent for American libra
ries, nad bid 350 guineas. The documents
were ttie property of Lady Sudely
Perm's Letters Sold.
LONDON. Feb. 9.— An Important de
velopment In the direction of peace
in South Africa is believed to be
impending. General Sir Evelyn
Wood, who brought about an ar
rangement with the Boers after Majuha,
the find battle of the Boer war of 1880-81.
ending in British defeat. Is going out in a
special capacity, probably as a Commis
sioner, which will enable him to treat with
the Boer generals.
His appointment will be a virtual super
ceding of Lord Kitchener, who, it is ex
pected, will soon be .relieved and become
commander Jn chief In India.
The scheme, which it is believed in the
best Informed circles is afoot for the end-
Ing of the war, undoubtedly is due to the
Influence of the King, who was actuated
by the advice of the Kaiser.
A comprehensive view pf the interna
tional conditions reveals only improved
prospects for continued peace and har
mony. From the British standpoint Queen
Victoria's death appears to have strength
ened rather than weakened Great Brit
ain's position among the nations. A suf
ficient time has elapsed since Victoria
ceased to reign for the foreign officers to
feel the political pulse of the capitals of
Europe, and the brief examination, com
menced in no spirit of eocksureness, re
sulted In a. feeling- of satisfaction and se
curity at Downing street. The foremost
factor in this, naturally, is Emperor Wil
liam's attitude. Responsible officials here
make no attempt to conceal their elation
at the circumstances attendant upon his
Majesy's visit. They do not shut their
eyes at the dissatisfaction the Emperor
has caused among certain sections of his
subjects, but rely Implicitly on the Impe
rious force of Germany's ruler to success
fully overcome the internal opposition en
gendered. Closer relations undoubtedly
now exist between Great Britain and Ger
many.
Lord Salisbury and Lord Lansdowne
are quite prepared to hear Count von Bu
low, the Imperial Chancellor, satirically
belittle the effect of Emperor "William's
visit, but in Downing street this will ' be
taken as meant purely for home consump
tion.
The alliance between Great Britain and
Portugal scarcely needed the visit or King
Charles to render it stronger. Yet the
continued stay here of "that ruler is- be
lieved to \>e likely to bring Portugal and
Great Britain In closer touch, thua render
ing easier the work of their respective
Governments. So far as the diplomatic:
phase goes, the Associated Press is offi
cially informed that nothing new has re
sulted from the King of Portugal's stay
in London. The mutual responsibilities In
connection with Delagoa Bay were too
well known previously to need further dis
cussion. Thus Portugal. Germany and
Great Britain are believed to be more
closely united than ever in their history—
united by -a compact that, In the opinion
of leading statesmen of Great Britain
is stronger than ever was the Dreibund '
The only feature of the recent interna
tional happenings regretted at Downing
street is the Lmperor's decoration of
Field Marshal Lord Roberts with the Or
der of the Black Eagle. It is thought his
Majesty went almost too far. in view of
the hostile comments the German prexs
is In the habit of printing on Great Bri
tain's South African campaign. Still, say
the officials. Emperor William never doe*
things by halves.
Neither in China, nor in other parts of
the world, do Russia and France. In the
Foreign Office's views, give any indication
of counteraction against this activity: of
British diplomacy. Lord Salisbury is said
to rely on Emperor William to keep in
touch with the Czar. So long aa this is
feasible France is not expected to ta'te
any serious initiative.
_ Moreover, according to dispatches In the
British press. French Anglophobiaism
seems to have abated since the Queen's
death.
Austria and Italy are put down aa sure
to do nothing contrary to Emperor Wil
liam's wish. It is easily seen that Em
peror William is the dominating figure in
European affairs. To this Great Britain
has. no objection. She has made it possi
ble and trusts to benefit by it. Relations
between the reigning families of EuroDe
is not held to be much account among the
Chancellories, but so far as it goes, It'lj
believed that King Edward VII's person
ality will tend to improve its degree of
•potency. . .
Duke of York at London.
LONDON, Feb. 9.— The Duke of Corn
wall and York, accompanied by I the
Duchess and the Duke"3 physician, arrived
In London to-night from Osborne. -The
Duke was pale, but otherwise showed no
signs of his recent illness. _ • . .
King : Presides Over Privy Council.
LONDON, Feb." 9.— The King presided at
a meeting of the Prlvv- Council at Marl
borough House this morning to : consider
the terms of the speech from the throne
at the opening of the first Parliament, of
his reign, February 14. Levee dress was
worn. - -.•¦' ' ¦ - " •
Papal Nuncio's Carriage Stoned.
' MADRID, Feb. 9.— The carriages of the
Papal Nuncio \ and Minister of the Inte
rior were stoned to-day on Toledo street,
but no damage was done. Jesuit establish
ments at Valencia and Validad Vere the
Hcenes of antl-Jesult demonstrations, In
which stones and other missiles were
thrown at the buildings. , ...
Lieutenant Rueger Sentenced.
METZ, Feb. 9. — A court-martial has sen
tenced Lieutenant Rueger of the Seven
teenth Infantry to twelve years' penal
servitude for shooting Captain Adams and
killing him while arrangements for a duel,
following a quarrel, were pending. .
that a loan for that- Durpose- is -in. con
templation, as reported in -a telegram from
New York, apropos of Banker Creel's visit
to the American metropolis. The general
financial condition of the Country is slight
ly improved and there is some prospect of
the monetary: stringency abating slowly.
Financial Condition Is Improved and
Monetary Stringency Is Slowly
• ' Abating.
MEXICO CITY. Feb. 9,-Bankers deny
that there is any present probability of
the country adoptlnjr*a gold basis and
Adopts Section Pro viding for, the Re
. pudiation of Certain
Debts. ;
HAVANA, Feb. 9.— The constitutional
convention, at to-day's session adopted by
a large majority the 3rst article of section
23. which provides th.it all debts con
tracted prior to the promulgation *of the
constitution shall be repudiated, except
those contracted on behalf of the revolu
tion from and after February 24, 1S93. L -
Tho opinion of the majority of the dele
gates was that the treaty of Paris pro
vides for a peaceful settlement of claims.
#
MEXICO NOT READY
FOR A GOLD STANDARD
to Act in Manner Displeasing
. §'.-.*i__ ,to Holland. :¦-•*. tJS,
THE, HAGUE. Feb. 9.— Jonkheer von
Wlede, - ; the -Dutch Minister to fiortugal,
has started for Lisbon. Portugal, in a
note to The Netherlands; says she never
intended to act in a manner displeasing
to Holland. The- Dutch Foreign Office ao"
predated this expression of friendliness
and was willing to close the Incident, pro
vided Heer Pott, the Dutch Consul, was
allowed to reside at Lourenzo .Marques
and receive, absolute protection. This
Portugal promises. '
WORK OF CONSTITITTIONAI.
CONVENTION AT HAVANA
Government Says. it. Never Intended
PORTUGAL PROMISES . .
PROTECTION TO POTT
Closing Words of Her I/stter Accept
ing Resignation of George J.
Goscheri.
* LONDON, Feb. i».-The Westminster
Gazette this afternoon prints an interest-
Ing story which it believes to be absolute
ly correct, to the effect that before the
recent retirement of George J. Goschen
from the office of First Lord of the Ad
miralty, he sent a letter to the Queen, say.
ing in substance that he desired to relin
quish office, as he was weary of public
»/*• In replying Queen Victoria thanked
Mr. Goschen for his long and devoted ser
vices, closing with the words: "Your old
Queen is weary, too, and longing for her
QUEEN WAS WEAHY •
AND LONGED FOR REST
Queen Sophia Very Weak.
STOCKHOLM, Feb. 9.— Queen < Sophia;
who Is suffering from an affection of the
throat. Ja very. weak, r but no dangerous
symptoms have yet appeared. ¦
LONDON, Feb. 9.— "I am keeping care
ful watch on American affairs,"- sai-J
Richard Croker In the course of an inter
view to-day, "but! have no Intention of
talking to the American press on. political
affairs at home. • There have been many
things attributed to me, which are en
tirely untrue, but I have no need to rush
into print to reply to them. .
"Governor Odeir has been saying many
things .about- the -necessity ; for 'purity -in
American politics;, but those who - have
watched the panorama of New York's
affairs are Qulte ; competent ; to "Judge
whether his party . or mine has ' produced
the best results."'.. . .
Says Many Falsehoods- 'Have "Been
Published About Him, but He Will"**-
Not Contradict Them.
CHOKER IS "WATCHING -
AMEEICAN AFFAIRS
v SANTA' CRUZ,. Feb. 9.— A" small canoe
which got lost from" the sealer; Anita, off
New Tears ' Island, came. l nto P° rt here
during the storm yesterday. • In' the canoe
were a hunter, and two I Chinook Indians,
who { had , been drifting about • for .mor-3
than a day. They had a rouch time of it.
Sealers Adrift in a Canoe.
. SEATTLE, Feb. 9.— Habeas corpus pro
ceedings .were, instituted here to-day in
the 1 Superior y Court by Fannie Gonzalca
of San Francisco to obtain possession of
Earl Gonzales, her 7-year-old son. Mrs.
Gonzales accuses Lucille Braxton of de
priving the child of his liberty and of ab
solutely, refusing to turn him over to hei,
notwithstanding .the , action r of the Supe
rior Court of San Francisco. ,''"..
Mrs: Gonzales says that she was grant
ed a divorce in San Francisco on January
28 from Manuel Gonzales and that by. the
decree she was made custodian of Hho
child. A writ was Issued and placed i in
the . hands " of;, the Sheriff for immediate
service, as it was claimed that there was
danger of the . child being- removed from
the Jurisdiction of, the, court.;
SUES FOR HER CHXLB.
LONDOX. Feb. 9.— Every prison In
- th^ Cnited Klnedom is In a state
of keen expectation, for the in
mates hope that the King will
signalize his accession by issu
ing some pardons. The friends of Mrs.
Florence Maybrick are taking new heart
King Edward's time is busily taken up.
The most Important event, of course, is
the opening of Parliament 11),
which, next to the coronation. Is likely
to be the most brilliant. spectacle of his
relpn. P^erepses and ethers are clamor
ing for p'.aoes in the House of Lords,
¦w-h«*e seating capacity !s so limited that
only a few can hope to be successful.
Whenever the Kir.g has previously ap
peared in the upper house It was as an
attentive auditor of the debates, sitting
on the ordinary benches. The only time
he voted was in favor of legalizing the
marriage of a deceased wife's ei^ter,
which he has consistently but futllely sup
ported.
Among the othpr functions which are
fhortly to be performed by the King is
the reception of a loyal address from the
oorporatfons of the three capitals of the
T nited Kingdom, which will be presented
at Buckingham Palace.
By giving up the Duchy of Cornwall to
his son. King Edward sacrificed an In
come of znorr- than £1OW) a week though
he now reoeiv^ what is estimated to be
about iii-uO a day.
Queen Victoria has not been dead a
fortnight, vft advertisements are appear
ing In the papers advising the public to
isruard themselves i-jraJnst possible loss by
insurlug against the death of the King.
It is said the insurance companies are
rapidly approaching the limit of the risk
they win accept on King Edward's life
MRS. FLORENCE MAYBRICK.
THE ALLEGED SLATER OF
HER HUEBAXD.
Next Event of Importance Will
Be the Opening of Par
liament.
Inmates of Many Prisons
Awaiting a Royal .
Decree.
MRS. MAYBRICK'S
FRIENDS HOPE
FOR A PARDON
BERLIN*. Feb. 9.— The Anglo-German
relations and their surmised modi
fications, owing to Emperor Wil
liam's visit to England, form just
now the all-engrossing topic. Since
his Majesty's return all Germany
has been enpaped in the discussion. The
decorating' of I_ord Roberts with the or
.der of the Black Kagle. and Emperor Wil
liam's reply to King Edward's speech. In
which the Emperor said he was honored
In wearing a British uniform, and that
the Emperor's army would likewise feel
it an honor, have especially aroused keen
crltfclsm, which is privately expressed
much more freely than in print. In high
official circles the decorating of Lord Rob
erts with the Order of the Black Eagle,
which the officials do not confirm, is re
garded as being merely of personal sig
nificance and as expressing Emperor Wil
liam's appreciation of Lord Roberts as a
man and -a soldier. It Is not looked upon
as a political act and leaves Anglo-Ger
man relations precisely where they were
before the Incident. Nevertheless It Is
admitted that the act expresses the Em
peror's wish to end the bitterness in the
relations of the two countries, which does
not benefit Germany nor Great Britain.
The Kreuz Zeltung's comment yesterday
evening Is to-day making the rounds of
the I German press. Many Conservative
and Agrarian papers merely reproduce it
without comment. The Kreuz Zeitung ;
said:
"We fall to see why this Boer destroyer
(Roberts) should receive such a mark 'of
Emperor William's distinction, and also
why the Emperor, after being horribly In
sulted five years ago by the olflcers of hl8
brother regiment, should now show them
marked attentions."
Even the bitterly angrlophobe Deutsche
Tagres Zeitung, the leading Agrarian or
gan, in spite of the fact that the Agra
rians less than ever want the Emperor to
feel wroth with them, when they are pre
paring to defeat the canal bill a second
time and simultaneously demand prohib
itive cereal duties for their benefit, saya
It cannot doubt the Emperor's behavior
In England, based on the idea of closer
Anglo-American friendship, is intensely
unpopular with the vast majority of the
nation.
Whatever comment is made, however,
is In cautious terms. The Berliner Xeueste
Xachrichten (Conservative) to-day re
prints the Kreuz Zeltung's remarks, say
ing there is difference between Emperor
William's personal acts and words in Eng
land and German policy. Regarding the
latter the paper says:
"England Is Incapacitated from alliances
of any sort' because she has been tremen
dously weakened by the South African
war. As a military power she la not
worthy of serious attention. England,
therefore, will not pursue an aggressive
policy under any circumstances. An en
tente between England and Russia In the
near future is more likely than not. espe
cially as Russia coquettes with the Eng
lish money market and Jp economicallj*
and militarily unable to enter Into a strug
gle with England. For a time, it is true,
Er.glish naval superiority remains, and
the way to the German colonies can be
blocked by English vessels. Therefore, on
the whole, it Is wisest for Germany to
leave the door open for an Anglo-German
understanding and in the meanwhile live
in neace with England.
"Emperor's William's personal acts in
England were due to his praiseworthy
sympathetic impulses, which are devoid
of political significance, but the Emperor
must not be astonished if the feeling on
the subject among the German people
finds a respectful expression."
The National Zeitung (Nat)ohal Libert.!)
calls the Kreuz Zeitung*s article an amaz
ing utterance, and claims to doubt the re
port of the decoration of Lord Roberts
with the Order of the Black Eagle.
The^Voerwaerts, the leading Socialist
organ, ridicules Count von Bulow, whose
policy, the paper maintains, was thwarted
by the Emperor, and pretends to believe
Count von Bulow has gone to Homburg
to offer his resignation, reminding Von
Bulow that he recently announced in the
Reichstag that he would pursue his own
policy. The Voerwaerts ridicules the Con
servatlve press, which, it says, "is torn
by conflicting emotions."
The Berliner Tageblatt (Liberal) prints
special London correspondence In which
the writer Bays the German people will do
well to bury their animosity to Great
Britain when the British people extend
the hand 'Of friendship, adding that Great
Britain doubtless will be ready to pursue
a friendly course and support the drel
bund on occasion, unless the German peo
ple are insulting In their animosity The
writer concludes:
"The German people seem about to re
ject the friendship of tho great nation
which formerly Germany earnestly
wooed."
1>1© Taegllsche Rundschau (Conservative)
says the Emperor is estranged from the
nation by his behavior In England, and
declares a too close rapprochement with
Great Britain is opposed to German In
terests.
The Cologne Volks Zeitung. the ieadinir
Centrist organ, weighs the chances of a
Russian or British rapprochement for
Germany carefully, concluding that the
best policy for German Interests is an en
tente with Great Britain, from the Cath
olic standpoint particularly, and also be
cause an understanding with Great Brit
ain means the furtherance of more liberal
political institutions.
The Prussian Diet's action in referring
the canal bill to a committee of twenty
eight, composed -largely of opponents of
the measure, augurs 111 for the bill's
chances. The whole Conservative press
continues its warfare against the meas-
During a debate in the agricultural
council Baron von Wangenhelm, president
of the Husbandry Society, said increased
cereal duties wer^ by no means all that
German agriculture needed. After obtain
ing sufficient duties It was necessary to
obtain control of the grain market and
Bourse, to fix prices and reduce the go
between trade to the most necessary lim-
The Preusslsche Jahrbuecher, a leading
I! Conservative political review, has pub
lished articles, signed Hjalmar Schacht
on the subject -of German-American fu
ture trade relations. In which the writer
claims It will be necessary to make ready
for a tariff war -with the United States
adding that If the United States saw Ger
many was ready and in earnest she would
be forced to grant Germany better terms
while a mere protest would be laughed at
in Washington.'
The Kreuz Zeitung corroborates this
statement, saying: "The Americans are
well aware that for them a tariff war is
more difficult to support than it would
be for Germany. When they perceive that
the Gtrmans will not stand shilly-ehallv
ing any longer. «iey will say, 'At last the
stupid Germans begin to see their advan
tage.*
The highest Prussian court decided Mon
day.-in an appeal made by a wholesale
dealer at Kolmar, that it is lawful to en
force additional inspection of American
meat*, bacon, etc., in the towns where
they are offered for Bale.! after a first sat
isfactory inspection at the port of entry
viz., Stettin, and that the • police regu
lations bearing thereon, of November
1897. and the law of March. 1850, are valid'
Reports from China shQW that the Ger
man missions in the' province of Shan
tung are again In operation, the local
mandarins assuming. the responsibility of
protecting them.
Press Pretends to Disbelieve
Statement That He Deco
rated Lord Roberts.
Comment on Avowals of
Friendship Toward
England
MUCH COVERT
CRITICISM OF
KAISER'S ACTS
DEAFMUTE BOTH
HEARS AND SPEAKS
Rtmarkable Results 0b
taintd With New Elec
trical Contrivance.
: , . , — ?
Orris Benson, D«af and Dumb and
Blind ¦ From 1 Infancy, Hears
Music and Lisps a Few
- - • Simple 'Words.
, / ¦ . • ¦¦ »¦"- — 7?
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— Orris Benson, a
bright boy of 17,~dea_"arid"dumb and blind
from Infancy, never heard the sound of a
human \ voice nor the strains of music un
til last Thursday afternoon.
In thepresence of several of New York's
most .distinguished aurlsts Orris Benson
clamped to his head a. little device like an
attendant wears in a' telephone exchange,
and in less than ten minutes a new world
had opened, to the boy. , For the first time
since babyhood he was hearing andJactu
ally repeating, audibly a fujr his Instructor
such simple words as "mamma," "papa,"
"hello," "horse"- and "house." Orris Ben
son, at the age when most boys go to col
lege, was learning to lispthe language O
the nursery. By a short electrical wire the
headpiece was connected with a phono
graph arid into the brain cells, where mu
sic Had been known only as a name.' rolled
the martial strains of _>ousa"s "Stars and
Stripes Forever." ,
The boy .started in his' chair as if
shocked by a galvanic battery. His Fiijht
less eyes moved in the sockets pathetical
ly like those of a wondering- child. His
hands, long accustomed to do the work
of the eyes and ears alike, instinctively
clutched at the clamped headpiece as if to
solve the mystery of this new and strange
sensation, ' . ,
For an Instant an expression almost of
pain passed over his features, then with
a look of strained intensity, the lad set
tled back In his chair and for the first
time In his life listened. His nimble fin
gers sought those of his instructor and in
the sign language of touch* he said, "Yes,
I can hear it; but what is It?"
"It Is music— a military march."
"There are said to be not less than 6,
000,000 of human beings living who are
deaf mutes. The electrical device tested
with such remarkable results is one which
its inventor. Miller Rees» Hutchinson, be
lieves will enable all of them to" hear
sound and not less than 80 per cent of
them to acquire a practical use of articu
late language.
THE SA3T FKAjNCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEJ-KUAKY 10, 1901.
BY CABLE '.TO THE CALL.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
Queen's Death Appears to Have
Strengthened Britain's Po
sition Among Nations.
Will Succeed Kitchener,
Who Will Probably
Go to India.
WOOD MAY
MAKE PEACE
WITH BOERS
14
2 __r^ '^ is _r yy _^ y^_ w j^~ i& /& w ¦% "rot., t a S
|1O VA/JEAK. TViElN!!
I Do You Want Jo Be Strong:? _j^!l I
• . To * eel as:vifrorou3 as ; you were before you wasted r vour — fea _--^" ' fgaaf* 1 *^-^- '. *-^ <*
• rr^WI To , enJoy ' if e n & aln? Tofretupinthei^rninlre- S^' "^W '^ »t """ •
• , M! & ty sle *P aa(1 not moro tired than when you went tn f * {Uv<sS#*? (« V.P4. • ©
O eyes, healthy color in your cheeks and be conrtdem that what \ W I -J^Mf ...
§ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. X \''\^ 1^^ •
• • There is nothing so penetrating, nothing so lnvi.-fvr.tin-- ' TlKml \ M Y ' \ • i«^T" 2
O nothlnff that will relieve weakness and pain a, Iniedil? Sfi <^&L .M U ' ' . SyISW^ - *
\$&?^&s^&^3g^3^$£te; . r s
• verressence of nerve vigor and nerve strinrth ivft^Pr^Aj^eCfffft: • S
| DON'T BE A WEAK MAN. YOU WERE INTENDED TO BE STRONG, AND YOU CAN BE, I
• e 5°you^ne™ 8t w < ?AfT>, m^?.J h S n 70u ***• You should he stronger. You should have more confidence In yonrself •
S wur'Z?*if #? - n _Tw • 1 " ctrtc current. Feel its warming slow as Dr. McLauehlln's Klectrlc Belt saturates voup Z
5; , wm tS It. - "has made hundrtkis of rieorous men out of as many weak, despondem - fello^rT II^ wi!] I curl y^u if 7 you Z
8 'conJuiri_x^_2.T^f_o m .n t^ th « n*^" « r vltalorgans. you ought to 2
• f° n8UI t *_J- MCLAUcluin.» He will tell you whether his Belt will cure you and _rlv» van Mn advice f-»«. V»n a«V»... ' •
• :.£;P° wertu l «»««»? thl. wonderful Belt gives and see how easily it is reralatrf Dm ? t bMenoram o. a ramadr whirh •
• m « y w COI IT C i? 11 _, yourpa8t mlstakesand assure your future happiness, ft you iaxum c«U seSd for D? \kLa__hHn^ S
S ¦^'VTH 0 -? ! devot « d t«>th« weakness of men; tells the cause of early decayln y^n^^and middle-ag-d It show* S
5 IIR! M P Mnl AIIRUI IN To^ market street, 5
• Un, ffl. U. MGLflUUnLlli, San Francisco, Cal. . •
•••••••••••«••••••••••• •••••••••©••••••••• ##o ••••••^••••©•••••••• #9 S
THE BEST TEST
Xb thB Service and Experience : of
Years.
The best soldier Is not the new recruit
of a few months' service.
Tn« best mechanic is not the appren-
tice, and the best man In tho line is he
who has been tried by years of service
and experience.
This is not only true of men but of
nearly everything- else, and especially is
It true of medicines for disease. New
remedies must be thoroughly tested and
their merit established beycJfd question
before the Intelligent public will put faith
in them.
There are not many remedies which
hare stood the test of ten years and con-
tinued to increase In popularity each year
but this is true of the Pyramid Pile Cure
and it is the only pile cure that 1 has stood
this test, and among the many popular
medicines on the market it Is the only one
which can be said to have no competitor*
its Kale has steadily Increased from year
to year and this result has been not so
much because of judicious adve'rtising as
because it has been recommended by word
of mouth from one cured sufferer to an-
other.
Piles is supposed to be caused.in most
cases by a sedentary life and lack -of
exercise, but it generally comes without
any apparent excuse and often people
who live an active outdoor life are vic-
tims of the disease. A case in point is that
of James Creeden, a lumberman and
teameter In Northern Michigan. He says:
"I suffered for eight or nine years from
Jtchinj, and protruding: piles, sometimes so
severely that I could scarcely walk, then
I would pet better for a week or two. but
the trouble always returned. I could not
afford the expense of an operation and en-
dured the disease until I wan advised by
mother, who lived in Manlstee, to give
the Pyramid Pile Cure a trial. . '
"I had never heard of It, but when I went
to town I asked my druggist about It and
he told me he had sold it for years and
n«ver had a complaint of its failure to
cure piles. . - - . .
"I bought a package and found not only
relief but a permanent euro after several
weeks' regular use.
"One of the best things about the Pyra-
mid Pile Cure I found to.be its conven-
ience: being in suppository form and used
a,t night, it did not Interfere with my daily
work and I* simple and painless." •
All drurpists in the United States and
Canada sell the Pyramid Pile Cure at 60
cents per package. J
}';, ADVERTISEMENTS. ' . ~
Tells How Her Beautiful Daughter Was Saved From
. • LllW VJ 1 dvv w« -i -
I _^^8 " ,_J^5>5Wt? (&n$^!$A - I Your wonderful medicine has saved
! \\ I \ W'^^liS Aill 1 f\AW% WJIltt ! 'nates chlora" C opw1n every J( forin! a ca?I
\ \\\ I ¦ t\w\V U^i^tW/v^liir! S&j ? alike' of 00 * rc " tny others ar * *"
? v^^J^/Hmr^A^lv^. \\ I Wi N * symptom Improved. Peruna Is'a^p^i-feet
? «If ////MR^» W#l Mt^O^ VI lk\ * specific for these casee. and u absolutefy
? V 5^bIbH_W IHi '«•/ \! *\\ * Invtacible. There are no fallureg whwa
? Uillilii _^~** Xs -^^^SfflfflKUw^K ' \1 jA^Vj" P a " en t can rest assured th'at a perfect
? wtf 7 ''""^ JfFzHfi*¥ifc>&%%yK ,UH j I \\ M\ S ) ./ \ ? neatly by restoring the normal condltlo'ia
? S^?s<v//l^ <:^^F&ty'^s*y x -&^Jlffl ES \\ \' _V 1 • Jt contains no narcotic or sedative, and
/ i'l 'I I \fWW '/7^^^y/^^^&y^/^w\\ \ \ r I \ * 6 °** nat deran & e the -» i ;tion of any bodily
//v/nl'l ' 1 ! I_bM V '^WT V \%2&Z&^^3zM\\ \ \ ? Chicago Chapter. %o. °1U1. of the^Or^r V.'f
' */ f'l I K W' V''ff'l_W W /fn'f) "V '• 'lyZi'^/Z&^&'frrrti/l ? lhe Ka -"' tern Star, -writes from 230 Ru^h
. — a —^ _ _ - _______ ______ ____________ _____ ic3fl 4p_^o £___)_ u_Fjf s y s C c III £L UCiti.)
? --¦.«—.-««-¦- ...... - . . « , , . ,»», . .,...«» <^ Vy f$) bulldiRR them ui>.
Br. Anna Wells and Hep Daughter, Ethelyn Leslie Huston, Both of Chicago *S A__x *J and never - aa *o
I 'T^i t/ many nerve tonlca
, Anna Wells. M. D., writes from the Park Gate Hotel, Chicairo, 111., the follow- \ *^S /&£ ""• bringing: dlsa.«-
Ing letter to Dr. Hartman concerning his world-famous remedy, Peruna: \ "^ /?§£ tcr "Y overstirru-
_ , _ \\ yvKRlSv Ktlon and excite-
Park Gate Hotel, Chicago, III. me . T)t -
Tho Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio: . ?^?<^W^ iciSeTkn'owSftfit
Gentlemen— "I thank you most heartily for the sample bottle of Peruna. f ifeaier* fo? e a ff C cas4
I prescribed it for my daughter (Miss E. L. Huston), who sadly needed it, as Mrsf^. f Howe ** f catarrh, i' have
it had proved. I was utterly hopeless and discouraged. Nothing we gave Mif/*ndl hnBtnawx^Jn£^\xvw
her would give her an appetite.^ A nervous shock received two years ago SSS.'Siie'S.tiVtnJ SK? iSiu? K
prostrated her. All the consultations and advices cf brother physicians had the sex. and restoring them to strength
done no good, until yourferuna was advised. ar,
"She can now. eat heartily of solid foods— she had been, not living, but , n n ° Sfure^'d^MMte 7^™ 0 *'"
dying on liquids; sleeps good; was troubled with insomnia; menstruation, if you do notttfertrc prompt and sati^-
easy and comfortable; had suffered from dysmenorrhesa and ovaritis. wrtteitTnce'tcTS?. fiZA^n' £-™™.l
Sh6 IS nOW oh the third bottle. ' Jull statement of your case and | he will
..--. . . . . ., ... , •_#¦_. ,. , , . , be pleased to fflve you nla valuable ailvica
WA "I: wish this letter could reach the whole -world for the sake of brother gratis.
physicians, their patients, and the discouraged class who ara nobody's patients: &?,!£& %!¦ CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 9.— The Assembly Commit
tee on. Irrigation met to-day and passed
favorably j upon Melick's constitutional
amendment No. 22, which does away with
riparian rights and puts the water of all
streams under public control. The amend
ment Is as follows:
The water of all streams shall forever re
main subject to public control. Beneficial use
shall b* the basis, the measure and the limit
of all rights to water. The right to water for
Irrigation vests in the user and becomes ap
purtenant to the land irrigated. Water for
irrigation is hereby declared to be a natural
want. i
The amendment is submitted in the form
of a new section, known as "section 37,
article 14, of the constitution, of the State
of California." A similar law is said to
be working well in Colorado and Wyom
ing.
Nutt's Senate bill 1S1, providing a means
whereby irrigation districts may settle
with their creditors for less than 100 cents
on the dollar will be recommended by
the committee for passage.
Milice's bill to provide for the organi
zation and disorganization of irrigation
districts will be reported back without
recommendation and James' bill on the
same subject. Assembly bill 113, will be
recommended for withdrawal by the
author. Myers' Assembly bill 3S0 and
Stewart's (of San Diego) Assembly bill 3S9,
on similar subjects, will be reported back
without recommendation.
FAVORS THE PLAN
TO DO A WAY WITH
RIPARIAN RIGHTS
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 9.-Strong opposi
tion is shown by the Merchants' and Man
ufacturers' Association and by the Board
of Trade against Senate bill 351. which
provides that every article manufactured
in this State shall bear the imprint of the
maker. Secretary Zeehandelaar of the
Merchants' and Manufacturers' Associa
tion telegraphed to Sacramento to-day:
"Senate bill No. Sol and like bill in the
Assembly instead of being a protection to
the products of home manufacturers is a
serious blow to all industries in this State.
The measure Is entirely too sweeping in
Its provisions, and we strongly protest
against its passage. The export of our
manufactured products would be seriously
injured. Please show this to the Southern
California delegation and ask them to
vote against the bill." ¦
URGE LOS ANGELES
MEMBERS TO OPPOSE
SENATE BILL NO . 351
leaves of absence. Under the circum
stances there was r.o profit in trying to
dig up a quorum, even had the Industrious
twenty-five wished to do so.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 9.— Early in the ses
eion a .meeting of Assemblymen
from the northern and central
counties of the State was called
by Assemblyman Duryea as a re
sult of the idea that something
should be done to offset the combinations
that were being made in the south. Noth
ing was done at the meeting beyond dis
cussing the situation, and when the con
ference adjourned it was the general im
pression that, having made their demon
stration and declared themselves, the
northern counties would be let alone. It
was understood that should another meet
ing become necessary the Democrats of
both houses and the Senators from the
northern districts would be asked to join.
• That meeting is now being discussed,
and plans are being laid to have it called
long enough before the taking up of the
apportionment measures to have some ef
fect upon their consideration. The agita
tion has been aroused by the proposed
plan to take from Sacramento one of her
Assemblymen. The Sacramento delega
tion in the Assembly has not appeared
actively as yet in the calls for a meeting,
but it is ready to join as soon as the pro
ject takes shape. Grove Johnson has as
sured one of the Assemblymen from the
north that he would Join heart and soul
in any such movement, and it was pre
sumed at the time that he spoke for his
colleagues.
Should the combination be made accord
ing to present plans, the supporters of the
movement claim, they will have twenty
two or twenty-five votes In the Assembly
anyway, and possibly thirty. They be
lleve they can obtain the support of the
Alaraeda delegation, for the northern
counties have been in sympathy with the
efforts of Alameda to get an extra Assem
blyman, and. so far as apportionment is
concerned, their interests are very much
alike.
The Democrats have favored such a
combination, particularly those from the
counties farthest north, and many of them
have signified their willingness to stand
in with any such scheme. In the general
redistrictlng the only chance the Demo
crats can have is by some such scheme,
and eo their assistance and support are
•looked for.
There is more than the single Assem
blyman from Sacramento that is bother
ing the northern part of the State, for
there is a fear that Humboldt also will
lose a legislator. Much dissatisfaction is
shown over the plans to cut up the north
ern part of the Stale into Senatorial dis
tricts and the plans for Congressional
districts have not met general northern
approval.
It is pointed out by the northern legis
lators that in the matter of redistnet
ing all the cutting Is being done in the
north, where the rule that 1S.000 must be
the constituency of every Assemblyman,
is rigidly enforced, while San Benito with
6^, Kings with 9S71 and San Maleo with
12.000. get an Assemblyman apiece.
In the matter of Senatorial districts
there is more trouble brewing, and if the
present- agitation continues it is likely
that before another week has passed the
consolidation of the norther* counties in
both houses foreshadowed early in" the
session will have become an accomplished
fact.
LACK OF QUORUM
FORCES ASSEMBLY
INTO ADJOURNING
While waiting for the derelicts the As
semblymen commented to count up and
it was figured that forty-one members
were away on junkets. Investigations and
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 9. — There was much protest
in the Assembly Friday over the propo
sition to adjourn owr both Saturday and
Sunday and finally the idea was aban
doned and the Assembly adjourned to
meet this morning at the usual hour.
When the time came, however, there were
but twenty-five members present and for
want of a quorum the house adjourned
until Monday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NORTHERN COUNTIES MAY UNITE
AND ACCEPT DEMOCRATIC AID
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— The heirs of Cor
nelius Vanderbilt have been served with
notices calling upon them to pay Into the
State treasury the amount of their in
heritance tax. The total tax on the per
sonal estate of the millionaire agreed
upon between the representatives of the
State Controller, Surrogate Fitzgerald
end Anderson & Anderson, attorneys for
the Vanderbilts, amounts to $324,900 73.
This Is exclusive of the residuary es
tate, about the taxing of which a con
test is threatened. The official statement
of the amount of the tax to be paid by
each beneficiary shows that the Surro
gate has decided in favor of the attor
neys for the estate and excludes the re
siduary estate from the present taxation.
If this decision is sustained Alfred
G wynne Vanderbilt, ¦ residuary legatee,
will bo benefited by the interest for seven
>ears on the 1 per cent tax on the resid
uary estate of $22,4S9,S6L
Than $300,000.
Amount Agreed • Upon by
All Parties Is More
INHERITANCE TAX
OF VANDERBILTS
Contest of General Rsmick's Will.
LOS ANGELES,- Feb. 9.— A contest- ol
the will of General David Rexnlck, whe
died recently and left an estate valued ai
$100,000. was ¦ filed to-day. The will dis
tributes the general's . property among t
number of relatives, but Ignores Eleanoi
Remick Warren, his granddauffhter, borr
on the day the will was executed. It is
contended that a codicil was af terwarc
added providing for the infant, but th<
codicil has not yet been foun-4
SIR WILFRID LAURIER
WILL VISIT i>AWS0TT
Premier of Canada Will Come to San
Francisco After Going to
Klondike.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 9.-Sir Wil-
frid Laurier, Premier of the Dominion of
Canada, has announced that he will make
a trip to Dawson this year. He will leave
Vancouver in June and will take one of
the first boats down the river after being
conveyed to Skaguay by the Dominion
Government steamer Quadra. He will
spend at least three weeks in the Klon
dike capital, will visit all the creeks and
mining sections and consult with the of
ficers of the Government there on matters
of administration. Arrangements are now
being made by the Dawson Board of
Trade for his entertainment, and espe
cially equipped conveyance^ will be ar
ranged to take large parties to the mines.
Sir -Wilfrid is the first Minister of the
crown of the Dominion Cabinet to ven
ture on the trip to the far north. The
Minister of the Interior. •, Hon. Clifford
Sifton, has been as far as Bennett, but
did not bo down the river. •
The ' Premier will return to Vancouver
in August,. He will leave here for San
Franciscqin a private car and from there
will go to Washington, D.'C, arriving
home in Ottawa by the middle of Sep
tember. -"'»'' '"''•
Murder of a~Chinese.
FRESNO. Feb. 9.— A Chinese vegetable
gardener was shot at ; noon to-day by ' an
unknown person at the place where he
was employed, two miles west of this
city. Other gardeners found him dead, and
say they heard a single shot fired by one
of three white boys that came to the place
to steal. The story that the crime was
committed by roughs is believed by,whit«
men. . . ; ¦ - ' . ¦ . .
WHEAT SHIP YOSEMITE * .
L.OSES HEB FIRST MATE
tie at Seattle and Is
Drowned.
Thomas Crawford Falls From a Tres-
SEATTLE, Feb. 9.— While attempting to
cross to West Seattle, Thomas Crawford,
first mate of the wheat ship Yosemite,
was drowned at an early hour this morn-
Ing. He fell from the railroad trestle
leading across the tide flats in the south
ern part of the bay. and his body was
found this atternoon in two fee of water.
Crawford and a shipmate named Nelson
spent the early part of the evening in
Seattle, and when shortly after midnight
they started to return to their ship, which
is at anchor near West Seattle, both were
considerably intoxicated. They -had left
their boat tied to the piling near the rail
road trestle. . While Nelson went for it
Crawford sat down on the trestle, and it
is believed that he went to sleep. When
Nelson returned with the boat he had dis
appeared.
Crawford had been sailing on deep sea
vessels, both on this and the Atlantic
coast, for a number of years..
Pretty Santa Cruz Wedding.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 9.— The prettiest
wedding of the season was solemnized to •
day at 1 o'clock, when Miss /Edith May
Weldon was married afthe home of her
aunt. Mrs. A. J. Hinds, to timer Ells
worth Nichols, principal of the LorH
Grammar School. Rev. J. R. Knodell of
the Congregational Church officiated. :
The bride was attended by. her sisters.
Misses Henrietta, and Isabel Weldon. The
ribbon bearers were Douglas and Clifton
Miller. The couple stood in the bay-win
dow of the drawing-room under hearts or
daisies. The drawing-room was ; in pink
and green. The dining-room was decor
ated in the Berkeley colors. Blue and
gold acacia, daffodils and masses of vio
lets were used.
INQUEST HELD. ON
HENDERSON'S REMAINS
Story of Suicide Told by In
tended Victim.
Verdict of Coroner's Jury Confirms
OAKLAND, Feb. 9.— Coroner Mehrmann
held an inquest to-night over the remains
of Burton K. Henderson, who committed
suicide at the Ross House Thursday night
after shooting Miss Fannie O'Neil.
The testimony before the jury was the
same as already given by parties connect
ed with the tragedy. Miss O'Nell's tes
timony was read from her deposition, tak
ven at the hospital where she is undergoing
treatment for the wound inflicted by Hen
derson's pistol.
The verdict ascribes Henderson's death
to a gunshot wound In the brain, inflicted
by hiniself with suicidal intent.
TEHACHAPI, Feb. D.-The finest snow
storm in seven years Is falling now on tha
Tehachapi Mountains and all men urn re
joicing. This storm commenced last" Mon
day night and snow has been falling;
steadily ever since. Bear, Cuininings.
Brites and Tehachapi valleys are covered
from six to eighteen inches deep, *nd in
the mountains near the fall Is from three,
to fifteen feet. Great trees are breaking
in the hills from its weight, and tie val
ley lands are thoroughly soaked, lffsurins
vthe best crops in years. The lime* works
and oil wells are shut down until the
storm lets up, and trains are so badly
delayed that they come through in
bunches whenever ihe track can be
cleared. The clouds are yet heavy and
the end is not yet in &ight. The rainfail
to date is computed at seven inches for
the season, and for this storm about three
and a half inches. * .-"1
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 9.— It seems to-night
as though the rainstorm is ended. The
fall of the last twenty-four hours was
heavier than during the same time for
years, the rain gauge showing 2.39 Inches,
making 4.74 inches for the month and
8.65 for the season. This is now 2.61
Inches above the normal.- - /•
During the forenoon and last night
streetcar travel was demoralized and the
streets were washed in a manner to sug
gest possible further delays. Two of the
suburban lines were so covered with sand
because of the overflow that no attempt
will be made to operate them until the
water subsides.
The National City and Otay Railroad
has several slight washouts, and to-night
the train could go no further than Chula
Vista. The Cuyamaca and Eastern road
made no attempt to operate trains to
day. The Santa Fe had a washout at
Delmm- and did not get the noon train
in until nearly 6 o'clock. It has ceased
raining for the present and traffic Is ex
pected to assume its normal conditions to-
TosT^GELES, Feb. 9.-The heaviest
snow in years has fallen in the mountains
beyond Pasadena. It covers the ground
to a depth of two feet at Alpine Tavern
and is three inches deep as far down the
EXPLOSION XN" JXJNEATJ MINE.
rible Death.
Former California Lad Xteets a Hot
TACOMA, Feb. 9.— George Anderson met
death in a shocking accident last week
In the Seven Hundred mine at Juneau.
Down deep In the mine Is kept the powder
magazine, to which Anderson was sent for
dynamite. He bore a lighted candle, and
in some' manner touched off the maga
zine, which contained four boxes of pow
der. Foreman Joy and his men made he
roic attempts to rescue four miners work
ins on a lower level, fearing they might
have been killed by falling earth and tim
ber They were taken out that night,
three being seriously cut and bruised. „
Anderson's body was recovered near th«
magazine. The explosion had torn the
arms from his body, but his face an<:
head were uninjured. He was buried. a)
Douglas. Anderson was only 19 years 61c
and had lived at Douglas with his pa
rents, who removed thither from Califor
nia. Mrs. J. H. Morrow of Berkeley was
hisslster. fe>^jOB««aBflBJmM
mountain side as Echo Mountain House.
Rain continues falling here, and there is
no longer any question of a sumciency
for all purposes.
MONTEREY, Feb. 9.— Snow fell on all
r.t the surrounding mountains last night,
even reaching some cf the higher foot
hills. The snowfall 'was the heaviest in
years.
HEAVY SNOWFALL CONTINUES
IN THE TEHACHAPI REGION
DeeD Mantle of White Covers the Valleus ana In
sures Good Crops During the Coming Season.
: — »
Special Dispatch, to The Call. . «.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 9.— Policeman George
MacRae of the Alameda police force shot
and killed Myron Brown last October, and
at the. same time shot and badly wounded
the horse 1 that Brown and several com
panions were driving. It is costing the
city a lot of money to defend MacRae on
the murder charge which has been made
against him, %ind now it will have to pay
$23 to the owner of the horse that MacRae
so badly wounded. Other complications
are likely to arise before the thing is set
tled.
MacRae's aim was bad the night he shot
Brbwn for resisting him. He fired two or
three shots, one accidentally striking
Brown. Another hit the horse in the
haunches, inflicting a serious wound. It
was a valuable animal, and the owner,
Thomas McKenzie of Oakland, did not
care to lose It. So he hired a veterinary
surgeon, who e.xtracted the bullet and
kept the horse under his care for several
weeks, until It got well, charging accord
ingly.
At last night's meeting of the Board of
Trustees. McKenzle's claim against the
city for $23 damages for veterinary hire
,wa3 read, but it was rejected by the unan
imous vote of the members. None of them
could see exactly why the claim should be
made against the city. They thought Of
ficer MacRae ought to pay it out of his
own pocket. It is understood that unless
the City Trustees pay the bill suit will
be brought.
Alameda Trustees Are Sent
a Bill for Injured
WOUNDS A HORSE
IN KILLING MAN
PORT TOWNSEN'D, Feb. 9.— The reve
nue cutter Grant returned this morning
from one of the most dangerous and im
portant cruises ever undertaken by a ves
sel of that service in the Northwest. The
Grant has been engaged in searching for
some evidence of the fate of the British
6hip Andrada, which, after arriving off
the Columbia River and taking aboard a
pilot, w&s blown off shore and has .never
since been heard of. The cutter made
the entire circuit of Vancouver Island,
and during the voyage found evidence
that leave's no doubt of the loss of the
Andrada, a boat's signboard badly bat
tered and bearing her name having been
picked up early in the cruise at Carma
nah.
The fate of Andrada was revealed by
Indians and also by a trader at Clayoquat
Sound, who reported to Captain Tosier
that on January 24 a big ship was sighted
a few miles oft shore on her beam ends,
and that seas were breaking over her.
No sien of life was visible on the unfor
tunate vessel. A high surf was rolling on
the beach, which prevented the Indians
going out* but next day several canoes
put out and after twelve hours' search
no trace of the craft could be found.
From the description of the vessel given
by the Indians she is believed to Tiave
been the Andrada. The Grant cruised
clear around- Vancouver Island, calling
at all places where there was -a habita
tion. The entire beach was strewn with
wreckage, which was demolished so that
nothing In the way of identification could
be found. On January 22 a wreckage
came ashore on Table Island, off Kyo
quok Sound, which indicated tha^. a vessel
carrying a eeneral cargo had come to
grief. The wreckage consisted of canned
goods and lumber, but nothing was found
indicating the name of the vessel from
which the wreckage came.
The most remarkable discovery made by
the Grant was a three-masted schooner,
high and dry on the heath, three miles
•west of Clyoose village, on an Isolated In
dian habitation. Xo record of the strand
ing of the vessel or the fate of the crew Is
known.
Captain Tosler says the Indians 'claim
that the schooner had been on the beach
for some time. A heavy surf prevented
the Grant landing a boat to investigate
and ascertain the name of the craft.
The Indians also told of having: picked
up a ring buoy, marked "Ilala, Liverpool."
The Ilala sailed from London, on June 8,
for Vancouver, B. C.
Revenue Cutter Grant Re
turns From Peril-
ous Cruise. :•
FINDS WRECKAGE
OF TWO VESSELS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
Apportionment Promises Jo Develop a Fight in the
;¦:¦ ",,. Republican -Majority .at Sacramento.
15
DR. KILITEK-'S SWAMP-BOOT. i
Thousands of Women Have Kidney Trouble
and Never Suspect It.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney
Remedy, Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The
Call May Have a Sampte Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Amonjr the many famous cures of always tired and overwrought, who feels
Swamp-Root investlsated by The Call, that the cares of life are more than sh«
none seem to speak higher of the wonder- can stand. It is a boon to the weak and
ful curative properties of this grreat kid- alllns.
, ney remedy than, the one we publish this
week for the benefit of our readers. ->«**^^-^>>ra
Mrs. H. N. Wheeler of 117 t\gh Rock St.. '&*^
Lynn, Mass., writes on Nov. 2, 1900: "About /£r^ ji*T\ *£?^^" f*
I 13 months ago I had a very severe spell of fl&J* *§§*<^!^ W K
sickness. I wa3 extremely sick Xir three a' Jfc>.g^**SV \» l\
weeks, ani when I finally was ablt»to leavo •// d&V^/iilv'lMliSP^-.. \'Vv»
my bed I was left with excrutiatlng pains In •«/ J _£-"iN4»$S£&t !^l'^^ \>C"
my back. My water at times looked very UV» ;H jfjjWS^-5'~i^|vJ}»§J%i?. V«v
cofTee. I could pa-«s but little at a time, and f/T yftffg|»^gg||^|tjK5f5B|gSfr. \*\
then only after suffering ereat pain. My phy- •/# • jH5|Kg«iE'^^ w^ggBgjli «1\1
steal condition was such tha: I had no etrensth f/j .fi9S£S» X&M, I I
ar.d was all run down. The doctors *ali my t* irajftj^/ t?5&!l VI
kidneys ivere not affected, ar.d while I ft i^t^S^^ \ ff^- \ £
Did Not K-ow 1 Had r
Kidney Trouble, U A » K\\V^
I somehow felt certain that my kidneys wer* ®L ft .¦rySW-^t. k\V\vw
the cause of my trouble. My sister, Mrs. C. «\ ¦////// i *^&\ \ lK\V\VV
E. Littlefleld. of Lynn, advised me to piv* Dr. • ff///// / &&%/y/?400**i m \ L,-VO\\ ¦
Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial. I procured a v /////A f^jS^L^-' 1^^ /tv^vvvv !
bottle and Inside of three days commenced to \\/M//A<iz3r*^ t &bi?'' /l'^Kw^O a
Bet rMW. I followed up that bottle with F\i / 'VW^G^'^^5*3£ i^^^\v\Y^^ .«
another, and at the completion of this one *;4 '//(W/rK^SSL PwS£\>SSo$vNA1
found I was completely cured. My strenpth Jjliy^K^j^ — fc&^WX^I
returned and to-day I am as well as ever. My Vl'vV'V'wSififf*^^" 1 * 1 * SSPfc^N^O 1 ' \
business Is that of canv.isser, I em on my feet t, it .y j» ¦y'dLVlMr. iforcj „ . - -<VW>ASSy.i i \ '•
a preit .leal cf the time, and have to use much Jf k vl^^^WOTSSS^^K^X^K'lV*
energy In petting around. My cure Is there- J V^\W^'vV('w V& Vv *>
fore all the more remarkable, and Is exceed- * V$Y^VVJiW«V«^ ' '"¦'
MRS. H. N. WHEELER. '^^J^^^M^^^
Swamp-Root will do just as much for „„- „ v „.„„_ __ ,— ••
any housewife ivhose back is too weak • WHEELER.
to perform her necessary work, who Is
KflW tf\ Pinri Clttt" II used t0 *>* considered that only urinary and
IIUYY *-" * mu.UUt bladder troubles were to be traced to the kidneys.
Iff \^O11 lVef i\ but now modern science proves that nearly all
hi »v>u nwvu diseases have their besinnins In the disorder of
Qivnmn«Pnnf these most Important organs.
O WdMfiip RUUU Tne k i dnevs fi i ter and pur ify the blood-that Is
their work. So when your kidneys are weak or out of order you can understand how
quickly your entire body is affected, and how every organ seems to fail to do Its
duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin talcing the famous new discovery. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease Is not
correctly understood. They are led to believe that womb trouble or female weak-
ness of some sort is responsible for the many Ills that beset womankind.
Neuralgia . nervousness, headache, puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheu-
matism, a dragging pain or dull ache in the back, weakness or bearing 1 down sensa-
tion, profuse or scanty supply of urine, with strong odor, frequent desire to pass It
night or day. with scalding or burning sensation— these are all unmistakable signs
of kidney and bladder trouble.
If there is any doubt in your mind as to your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place It In a glass or bottle and let It stand twenty-four
hours. If on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there is a brick-dust settling, or
If small particles float about in it. your kidneys are in need of immediate attention.
Other symptoms showing that you need Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizzi-
ness, irregular heart, breathlessness, sallow, unhealthy complexion, plenty of am-
bition but no strength.
• Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used In the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians in their private practice, and Is taken by doctors them-
selves, because they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Liver and Bladder rem-
edy, is so remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been made by
which all of our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample bottle
sent absolutely free by mall. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder
troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. Be sure and mention
reading this generous offer in The San Francisco Sunday Call when sending your
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. N. Y. < ;.-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ISaasnSXBKBUUBHEBBaBBEEBUHBBIHaHHMBI
¦ ¦ •" ¦ ** V-, p i \ Rains for this week —
Our monster clos- V rfj Vici Kid - Black or
ing out sale of V \i\ *^ an ' l $ ¦' ncnes high,
• ¦ a B \ - fj\ ~ reduced from $.v 5O to
Vrllliul \ I mf% f|fl
ulluuu i
has completely para- v^. V^?^ JUiT
lyzed the shoe trade \t^V YCSk 1 1 If?
of San Francisco. It i^^*1S^o'S*rv
will not take lone to (SfliiM 1 ™ 1^*^ 5^^^^ THIS
close out our winter lllld
shoes it the rush con- ~~ = "- •^SagSj.&g^^v PICTURE
tinues. -
Great Reductions in All
Lines This Week!
GLANCE OVER THESE ASTONISHING PRICES.
AtZr Inters' *m Donjola button CO Ft(\ Ladies' extra quality vici
T"tlv hand -tamed soles, patent leather O««f" Mi lace, new coin to* and
tip; elzea 1 to t. patent leather tip. hand-welted, sewed
rniinpp»;»e IXmrol* lcia l»c*. *:ith 8oles - «"«*«! «*i K ee; reduced to 9^.30.
«i.t^« vwT P» tent >e«ther tip. or CO f\f\ Men' e calf lace. latest style
SRflFS ** b . ble toat la^e and tip. latest OZiUU to*, sewed, double soles; to
. «_ ."?^.i 0^? to * : 8jr ' e • t0 8 * i0o: b* closed out at S2.OO.
t'.zet %i+ to 11. IW>c: sizes 114 to 2. #1.OO.
THIS WEEK ONLY. QQ Men's fine box-calf or vtci
Cf PZ.f\ L'ttle rrr.t't renulne vlr! O-^»«*vF kid lace. latest style coin
Ol.OO ki4 or'bcx-'auTc". with *S?Si n T "Ji» ti 2 l » 8ewed 80le8: reduc * d
hooks, medium heavy, sewed eoles, latest Irom M °° l0 • • 5O
etyle coin toe; s,«ee S to 134- ANY OF THESli GOODS NOT AS AX>-
Sl.60 vf-fw'a SfA uf.t? If «v?r VBRTISED MAT BE RETURNED AT
coin toe am tlr>. medium 'heavy, sewed OL " R EXPENSE AND MONET WILL.
eole«; reduced rrom f2 M. * I BE REFUNDED.
OUR BARG * IN CO UNTERS SeV £ten h d e tnT£u^SKh lo Sf
the wore and will b« filled with ladles' end men's shoes from 5Oc up. Laird Scho-
bcr & Co.'e ladies' $5.00. $6.00 and 17.00 shoes for S3.5O.
STOKE CLOSES AT O F. M. SATURDAYS gf F. M.
WE HAVE HO BRAACM STORES.
PHELAN ]\T|TfcI AM H^O/>lC> 8I2 " 8U MARKET
building. i^5JLiAiN iSrvCjfe. NeAR
x v_*- «k~A X *. i. «_^A^V-FX_^» GRAM AVE.
BBHBREBBBRHBEBEfcEEaBSBBBBBEBBtZBBEBESSaSSl&Ba:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ROOT OF THE MATTER.
He Cured Himself of Serious Stomach
Trouble Down to First Principles.
- A man of large affairs In one of our
prominent Eastern cities by too close at-
tention to business, too little exercise and
too many club dinners, finally began to
j pay nature's tax, levied in the form of
1 chronic stomach trouble; the failure of
his digestion brought about a nervous Ir-
ritability, making it impossible to applj-
himself to his daily business and finally
deranging the kidneys and heart
In his own words he says: "I consulted
one physician after another and each one
seemed to understand my case, but all the
same they each failed to bring about the
return of my former digestion, appetite
and vigor. For two years I went from
pillar to post, from one sanitarium to an-
o» .*. r. I gave up smoking, I quit coffee
a.l even renounced my daily glass or two
. t 'jrer, bgt without any marked lmprove-
i tnt.
"Friends had often advised me to try a
well known proprietary medicine. Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, and I had often
perused the newpaper advertisements of
the remedy, but never took any stock in
advertised medicines nor could believe a
50-cent patent medicine would touch my
case.
"To make a long story short, I finally
bought a couple of packages at the nea.«
est drug store and took two or thi,.^
tablets after each meal and occasionally a
tablet between meals, when I felt any
feeling of nausea or discomfort.
"I was surprised at the end of the first
week to note a marked improvement in
my appetite and general health and be-
fore the two packages were gone I was
certain that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
were going to cure completely and they
did not disappoint me. I can eat and
sleep and enjoy my coffee and cigar and
no one would suppose I had ever known
the horrors of dyspepsia.
"Out of friendly curiosity I wrote to the
proprietors of the remedy asking for in-
formation as to what the tablets con-
tained and they replied that the principal
Ingredients were aseptic pepsin (Govern-
ment test), malt diastase and otHer
natural digestives, w..lch digest food re-
gardless of the condition of the stomach "
The root of the matter Is this, the diges-
tive elements contained in Stuart'3 Dys-
pepsia Tablets will digest the food, give
the overworked stomach a chance to re-
cuperate and the nerves and whole svstem
receive the nourishment which can only
come from food; stimulants and nerve
tonics never give real strength, they give
a fictitious strength, • invariably followed
by reaction. Every drop of. blood, every
nerve and tissue Is manufactured from
our daily food, and if you can insure its
prompt action and complete digestion by
the regular use of so good and wholesome
a remedy as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
you will have no need of nerve tonics or
sanitariums.
"Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
have been in tne market only a few years,
yet probably, every, druggist In the United
States, Canada ' and Great , Britain now
sells them and consider them "the most
popular ' and ; successful of - any ¦ prepara-
tion -for stomach troubles. -
V I the shoe business j
E I am Broinjj to retire i
Hi and take life easier. I '
I Twenty-eight years of J
I hard service is enough for Si
B me. I am sellrnjj my en- 9g
| tire stock of jrood shoes |fl
B at any price I can get for 1 1
B them, i I have reduced S I
l\ women's shoes from $4.00 1 I
II i° 5OC; mcn '3 shoes from ¥k 9
|1 $500 to $1.00. Ofcours- if
gfl these shoes are somewhat §11
ga out of style, but they are fiS
SI comfortable, well made SB
|| shoes, and the pe-son II
Bl who cares nothing for Si
18. style will find them a Si
¦I special bargain. ||
[I W. L. Douglas Shoes. J 1
jl These well-known, well- 1 1
1 8 made shoes have alwav* 8 S
B I sold for $.voo. $4.00 and BS
B I 5.3-CO a pair. Mr. Doug- 1 I
1 1 las won't allow his agents I J
II" to cut these prices, but I B 3
§ I am quitting and I don't I §
Bj care, so I will sell any S |
0 1 pair of these splendid 1 3
ff shoes for $2.5O IB
II - Kand-Msde chGes. H
|l? My hand-made custom PI
$ work is a snap for men fe |
who like the best of com- 1 1
fort and quality in shoes J 1
regardless of style. Shoes a m
worth $8.oo, $io.oo and 9 1
$12.00 will go at the cost j t
of the leather. $ 1
I am bound to quit, no If
matter if I lose on every 3 1
shoe in the store. S j
I /334 Kearny, Near Bush, 11
TO-MORROW, MONDAY, GREATEST SACRIFICE
OF
IN THE HISTORY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
.MIHRAN'S, all the finest Rugs arc out. Over I8OO Gems will be
turned loose under the hammer regardless of price or value.
REMEMBER, this stock is directly imported to San
Franci-co by M. B. MIHRAN, 12 years resident dealer, and
no imitation nor tnde made nor analine-dyed nor acid-
washed or doctcred Rugs in this collection.
Every Rug is guaranteed genuine, hand- made, vege-
table dyed, fa-t colors or NO SALE.
EXTRA PR.VILEGE of exchanging any Rug purchased
at this sa.e within one year. Safety, security and satis-
faction. * I
S.W. COR. GEARY and STOCKTON STS.
WIFE OF H. GAYLORD WILSHIRE
BRINGS SUIT FOR A DIVORCE
?
Alleges Statutory Grounds in Her Complaint Against
the Los Angeles Socialist Leader-
Special Dispatch to Tha Call. • '
I>OS AXGELES. Feb. 9.— Mrs. H. Gay- Income was between $4000 and $5000 a year
lord Wilshlre. wife of the Socialist leader He said:
and capitalist, to-day commenced pro- T #"L beHe ,%?., lr L. the freedom of individuals,
ceedhurs for divorce on statutory grounds. i£rm™ r If-ft re n . tS }° be c s , e P arated
I«t December Mrs^ Wllshire brought J?" &£ Z? l »go£ t S£ t & M %SZS? '?
suit a«alnst her husband to enjoin him really know nothing about the divorce
from disposing of his property and pray- proceedings. I'm too busy to bother about
ing the court to order separate mainten- lt - l employ experts to take charge of
jince. Ten minutes after the complaint iv.J 0 * ??***.* .* nA accordingly have put
Wilshlre, in an interview to-day, de- — —
a^i^^^iScfflS^tSSJl?/. D / n *t r °< "em PiPe-. cigarettes
a trivial Incident of this character. He an<i other means caused the Mayor of
«j>*erted that his ¦wife had been amply New Orleans to ifsue an order prohibiting
provided for; that f.e had given her two the presence of cotton on drays in the
ranches in Orange County, and that her streets of that city at night.
" ~^jr LODGE A.ND ENTRANCE TO PARK.
FRU1TVALB ESTATE, FRES1VO COUNTY, CAL.
HEALTH, PROFIT
AND OCCUPATION
IN CALIFORNIA!
A Rare Chance for Eastern investors!
One having $50,000— $100,000 to Invest can secure an Interest and directorship in
one of the most valuable properties in California, embracing over &J00 acres. Strong
company, thoroughly organized and having most competent employes. To the
rljtht man a. majority of the stock will be sold. If desired, on very easy terms, to
relieve present holder of close attention to the business. Certain conditions have
ouite recently developed which make this enterprise especially attractive. Several
millions of dollars can be made in it within the next three years. Full particulars
on application to
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 \Montgomcry Street, San Francisco.YOUTH APPARENTLY
•' RETURNS TO LIFE
Plush Diffuses Cheek of Omaha Boy
After He Was Pronounced
Dead. ; '
OMAHA, Feb. 9.— Yesterday Harry Se
bene. livlnisf with his parents on Upper
Douglas street, died from dropsy, and
eight hours after, what the physician*}
call rigor mortis had set in, apparently he
returned to life. The undertaker had laid
him out In the, parlor. ¦ Shortly after dusk
the father stepped to the bier and was
startled to. observe that a warm flush
suffused his son's cheeks. He hastily
summoned others, who were positive they
could detect a twitching of the eyelid"
Dr. Allison was called. All sorts of resto
ratives were applied, but without avail
Later the cheeks became white' and two
doctors declared the' youth dead.
Robs a Nickel Machine.
REDWOOD CITY. Feb. 9;-The Germa
nla Hall saloon was' entered by a thief
last nisfit. who^ robbed, a ntckcl-in-the-
Blot machine of flO or $15
GEORGIA WOMAN
KILLS A NEGRO
Man Persisted in Using Profanity to
Her After Sh^ Had Told Him
to Stop.
eOT.rMRTTS: G.i.. Feb. ,0.- Mr.-. John
Manners, the wife of a well-known citizen
of this county, killed a negro named John
Cincinnati last night for usinc profanity
toward hor after she *~a«l tnld him to stop.
No arrests have b«?en made.
t«nff 1 h i Hp WBP dr * ss <?d in the con
ventional clerical garb of the episcopacy.
£i h h hi . gh cut - straight buttoned black
coat, showing a strip of white collar about
the neck. On his head he wore a round
crowned, straight brimmed felt hat. such
lv,iL S^^? monl i!f 1 sed °y members of the
Episcopal brotherhood The morning was
th,f ,5m » taSl and he sten P ed out with
the agility of a young athlete.
Barely a block from his home on the
northeast corner of Midland avenue and
JJeech street, stands tne handsome sub
urban home of H. R. Koome. The young
clergyman had reached the intersection of
the streets, directly in front of Mr.
Kor>me s dwelling, and was standing al-
Ei° St i°7. th . e curbl * vhen a man who haU
been loitering on the opposite corner ad
vanced rapidly toward him. and a few
brief words passed between them Tho
man was Thomas Barker.
As th*re were no actual witnesses near
enough to hear the spoken words it is im
possible to say whether they conveyed a
menace or an interrogation. The next In
stant, before the clergyman had time to
Urn toward his antagonist, Mr. Barkor
drew from a pocket of his overcoat a re
volver and at a distance probably an
greater than seven feet fired point "blank
at the right sido of the rector's h<*ad The
clergyman instinctively threw up his right
hand in defense, but the bullet had taken
enect. and he tottered and slowly fell to
the snow-covered pavement, the bag
which ho had been carrying dropped to
the ground as the shot was fired, and in
another moment the blood which poured
from his wound was staining the polished
silver of the communion chalice.
Barker left ho room for doubt that he
was shooting to kill. Advancing a single
*tep toward his prostrate victim, he fired
throe more shots in rapid succession. Two
of them penetrated the clergyman's soft
felt hat, one piercing the crown in two
places at a point about two Inches above
the brim, a second drilling a clean round
hole through the rim itself and the third
appearently going wide of its mark.
Barker then coolly restored the revolver
to his pocket, boarded a passing trolley
car. rode a mile and a half to the Town
Hall and surrendered himself to the no-
Hco.
No breath of scandal had ever touched
any of the parties to the tragedy up to
the time of its occurrence, and so friendly
had been the relations between Barker
and the man he shot that a year ago he
presented the rector with a bicycle. In
jail a few hours after the shooting how
ever. Barker explained to friends why he
did it.
Up said that hp had become convinced
on the previous night that some mental
trouble which his wife had not yet shared
with him was weighing heavily upon he"
He had urged her to tell him if this were
true, and after many tears and protesta
tions she had told him that the illness
which she had suffered for nearly a year
was tho result of an attack made upon
her in her home by the Rev. Mr. Keller
about a year apo. when he was making a
clerical call. She further explained that
after she had repulsed the advances which
he had made toward hor. and which were
not consistent with h<3 clerical dlgnitv a
struggle had followed during which Mrs.
Barker had become unconscious.
Mrs. Barker still refuses to make anv
statement. *
Dr. Keller arose that Sunday morning to
prepare for the sacred work of the day;
He was under engagement to go to Fort
Lee. N. J., to attend a dedicatory service
at the Church of the Good Shepherd. He
had in his possession the chalices'and oth
er vessels used in the rite of the holy com
munion of the EpiscoDal Church. It was
his purpose to return these vessels to their
place in the sanctuary before keeping his
engagement at Fort .Lee. He therefore
collected them carefullv into a cloth ba-'
made for the purpose, and at rive minutes
to S o'clock left the house and started
along the east side of Beech street toward
MEVi YORK. F<eb. 9.— The condition
of the Rev. John A. Keller, rec
tor of the Eoiscopal Church at
\j Arlington, a suburb of Newark.
N. J.. who was shot doWn on thd
street last Sunday by Thomas O.
Harker. Is considered •_:itlca! His assail
ant, who is in Jail, still sticks to his origi
nal natement that oe was aroused to kill
by a ftory— whether true or false— his wife
had tr.ld him thf night before against the
cl^rfcyrnan. In the morning he went forth
Unconscious of any danger, the Rev.
REV. JOHN A. KELLER IS REPORTED
TO BE IN A CRITICAL CONDITION
CINCINNATI, Feb. 9.— The situation is
more complicated than ever to-night re
garding the contests here next Friday
night between Martin and Childs and Jef
fries and Ruhlin. '¦ ¦. ¦ I
It was thought that arguments would
be completed to-night before Judge Hol
lister on' the application for. a permanent
injunction against the. proposed contest.
The attorneys, however, instated on bo
much time for arguments that another
day will be spent in hearing them and
the case, will not be finally submitted to
Judge Hollisteir until Monday evening. It
ia hardly -possible that Judge .Hollister
will then be ready to render his decision
on Tuesday morning, and 'if he renders it
on Wednesday or Thursday there will be
very little time for, the proposed appeal
to the higher courts. Meantime there are
all sorts of- rumors about other proceed
ings, including an .action against Madden
and Brady for perjury and • especially
against the former. Uurlng the argu
ments this afternoon Judge feck insisted
that the proceedings should be in a crim
inal court rather tnan one of equity, and
asked why Brady, Madden, Cook and oth
ers, who were in the courtroom, were not
arrested if they were abetting a prize
fight and held the same as Jeffries and
Huhlin had been two weeks ago. Counsel
for ¦ the injunction replied that such
might be the case further on. At any
rate, there is much talk about what may
be aone to prevent the light. ;•
While the defense denies, the jurisdic
tion of the Court of Equity to grant such
an , injunction, as is asked , for, they will'
proceed on appeals and ' possibly other-
Wise in case tne injunction is granted. It
Is reported that if the injunction -.is re
fused the plaintiffs will stop their pro
ceedings on account of the limitation of
time and leave the matter to the Gover
nor. ¦
William A. Brady made a dramatic as
well as a strong witness to-day. He was
not kept on the stand as long as Madden
yesterday, but he- made much more of an
impression. Madden had testilled that
Jeffries and Ruhlin would spar with "love
taps" for points. Brady, said his man
would hit as hard as he could to retain
the championship, and he had no doubt
that Ruhlin would meet him equally vig
orously. Brady said any other kind of a
performance would be a fake and an im
position eti the public. Brady, however,
maintained, as did Madden, that there
had been no prizefights since the days of
Sullivan.
Brady testified to sitting beside Theo
dore Roosevelt at one of toe contests In
the Metropolitan Theater in New York.
Brady testified to reserving a box for
Roosevelt at another 1 contest, but Itoose
velt did not attend. Brady thought his
failure to attend was because the New
York papers had said .«o much about him
having a bcx reserved.
Judge. H:irmon asked Brady If he
thought a man who was not afraid of .1
lion was afraid of newspaper talk/ Brady
r<*i)llodjin the negative and paid a hign
tribute ¦ to •' Roosevelt. ¦.' Judge Hollistor
asked Bra.dy if, lie thought Vice President
Roosevelt was a cowtird. Attorneys for
the defendant, in chorus, responded that
the question was verv much uncalled for.
Judge Hollister then scored the attorneys
for the. defense and said that thp question
was .asked because tht court considered
that a man who favor? such contests and
kept away' from them "because of public
semimrtit Isa'.coward.' ];?rady replied that
he considered" Roosevcltl th« bravest man
oil earth. ''Brady, proceeded to testify to
the high .'Standing, of business men and
othcrg' who were prison t on the' occasion
when he sat' near Roosevelt, and on the
occasion on which he had reserved a box
for him,, and stated' tliat- he expected the
same class' of people' here next Friday
night. Ho testified to reserving a section
in the hall for members of the Board of
Trade of Chicago, and- to orders for tick
ets from prominent tnf.n a.11 over the coun
try.
The most prominent ¦ arrivals to-day
were Tom Sharkey and Spider Kelly.
Sharkey pays he .is here to challenge tlW
winner immediately after the fiKht. Ho
says 1ip has a. forfeit of $2500 posted with
Al Smith in New York to fight Jeffrie?.
Should Ruhlln win the clleck will so as
forfeit for a meeting with him. Sharkey
says he expects Jeffries to win. but that
Ruhlin will give him a *iard fight. Shar
key savs he has a promise from Jeffries
to be the noxt man ii. the event that th«
champion \vln3. ¦ . .
Says 3 Th«re Has Not Been What
Might Really Be Termed a
; V Prizefight Since I>ays
of Sullivan.
Manager Brady Gives In
ttresting Testimony at
Cincinnati.
CLASS OF MEN
WHO VISIT FIGHTS
THE SAK' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY; 10, „'. 1 901.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Feb. . 9.— The nve
story brick building at Twenty-third
street and the Allegheny Valley Ruilroad.
occupied by the Armstrong Brothers'
cork factory, was destroyed by fire to
day, together with the foundry and ma
chine shop of the Totten & Hag Iron and
Steel Company, on Twenty-fourth street,
adjoining the Armstrongs. The loss will
reach almost $750,000, with Insurance cov
ering the amount fully. The loss of the
.Armstrong Company is 1700 ,C00.
The conflagration was one of the most
spectacular seen In Pittsburg for a long
time. The flames from the main building
of the Armstrong factory, where the fire
originated, spread with astonishing rapid
ity and five alarms were sounded in quick
succession, calling all the engines in the
lower city to the are. Great excitement
prevailed because the employes of the
cork factory, numbering 1500, were all at
work and It was feared thai many of the
girls and boys , in the building would not
be able to escape. Fortunately the sev
eral fire escapes and firemen's ladders
proved ample means ior the safety of all.
In spite of the firemen's good work tho
flames jumped across the street and ate
their way into the Totten & Hog factory
and laid waste the foundry and machine
shops before they could be checked,
causing $50,000 damage to this plant.
The Armstrong cork factory was the
largest plant of the kind in the country
and the company has offices in moat of
the principal cities. All of the valuable
machinery was destroyed, but the books
and papers In the olfiee were saved.
Convention Date Changed.
MILWAUKEE. ; Feb. 9.— The Grand
Ix>dgra of Elks has changed the date of
the . national convention In Milwaukee
from July 16 to July 23.
Hundreds of Employes Rescued From
.. the Blazing Buildings by Means
of Fire Escapes and
Ladders.
FLAMES DESTROY
TWO LARGE PLANTS
Cork Factory I and Steel
Works at Pittsburg
in Ruins. •
16
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Lear» Market-Strwrt Ferry Pepqt.
I J^cal Liza-d|Ovrl-d Local
I r>olly. Daily.! Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Frair 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4-20 d
Ar. Stockton 10:15 a 11:48 a 11:03 p 725 d
" Merced .. 12::5 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:»"> p 2:35 p 3:05 a ...
" Hanford 4:12 p 3:27 p 7:0* a ..""*"
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:45 a . *""
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:0S a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p. 6:20 p 7:30 a .... '
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30a ....
" Chicago 2:13 p 9:00 p *'
a for morning, p for afternoon. ¦
9:00 a. m. train Is the California LJmltarl
Carrying Palace Sleeping C&rs and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Baiersfleld for accommodation of local
first class pasrengers. Xo second c!a»-«
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:55 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:0ft a. m. dally.
S:0O d. m. is the Overland ExDresa. with
throueh Palace and Tourist Sleepers anil
free Reclining Chair Car. also Pa1ac<»
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arriveji at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is BakersfleSd Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:49 a. m. dally.
Offices — «41 Market <>t>e«.t and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1113 Broadway. O&k-
land.
CALIFORNIA N0RTBWESTE2N 2L Ca
LESSSS
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COY.PANY.
Tlburon F*rry. Foot of Market St>
Ann Frnn:i«co tn San Rafael.
TIBURON FERHT-FOOT OF MARKET 8T«
WEEK DAYS— 7:3*.. »:00. 11:00 a. m.: 13:33. 3: JO.
1:10. t:SO p. m. Tborsdays— Extra trip at U:3A
p. to. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:50 aait
11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS-l:00. »:*>, 11:00 a, m.; 1:10. I:SS. S.-jO,
1:20 p. ta.
«»ar> Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «: 10. 7:50. »:M. 11:10 a. m.; U:**.
1:40 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Eitr* trips at X:U
and 1:35 p. m.
EUKDAYS-8-.10. S:tO. 11:10 a, nx : 1:«. I:*. 3:<a.
C'23 p. ID.
Between San Francisco and ScJsuet*ea Park.
tame schedule as above. :
Leave j In Effect j Arrt»» '¦)
San FrancUco. { Nov. ?. 19<»- I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ¦ 1 Sun- I Week
Pays. | days. | Destination. [ days. I Days.
7:S0am »:00am Novato. 10:40 am i:«ar»
«:»)pm »:30am Peta'.uma. J:M pm M.2J aaa
»:10 pm J:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:3a pm «:a ora
. Fulton.
7J0 am ¦Windsor. 10:» am
Hea!(!3burr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
»:IO prn «:00 «m qoVerdale. 7:M pn «.Z? pm
XM '"I ,:» ami JFftSL I 7:35 pm[ i:3 pm
7-20 am " 10:25 as*
t:00am GuernerlU*. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm tn pm
.1:30 am 8:C0 am Sonoma J »:15 am »:44 in
S:10 pm l.n pra Glen* Ellen. I «:05 pm «:J3 ym
7:»am|8*0ain| |»:« »»!» ¦« ¦«
S:30pm| 5:C0 pm! Stbastopot \ 7:3S pmi I :K Ptn
Etaiccs connect afSanta Rosa for Mark West
Bprlrgs and White Sulphur Sprtnw; at Fulton
>or AltrUTla: at T.ytton for Lytton Sprlnsrs. «
Ueyiervllle for Skaggs Springs: at aoverdai*
f&r the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. SoJa Bay. Lwkeport and Bartlett
Kprlngs; at Ulciah for Vichy Kprtngs. Saratov*
Bprlngj. Blue Lak»s. Laurel Del) Lake. V-jttef
Fprlcgs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter \ allay.
John Day's. Riverside. Lr*rley*a, Buclcnall .%
Heights, llullvllle. Orr*s Hot Spring*.
Mendoctno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Willetts, Laytonvllle. Cummings. Beirs Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Fcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to ilccday round-trip ticz«U at r«*
duced rate*.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond 8a n Rafael at half rates.
.Ticket office. KM Market St.. Chronic!* build-
15*. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. wnjTIMO. Gen. Pasa, Aft. >
¦ Pen. Manager.
Weekly Cail,$l,00 par Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Breaks up Colds
thA hang on,
r^ •• • •• - -- ¦ ; ' ;;
RAILWAY TRAVEL
1 - v " - ¦
La ' •• : ;
Glimmering
Goer
. , Tlie California LImltsd
. Glimmers and £oe«
To Chicago in 3 days,
On the
| •; ' - •¦¦;'¦•'.'.
Santa' Fe
CHICAGO |
In LESS titan
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
* Chicago, Union Pacific ;
&-¦ North-Western Line
J7\OUBLE Droving 7{oom S'eeiing
I JCirs, Buffet, K mjki-ig and Librafr
-*r-^ Cars, viih barbir. Di-inr Cars —
meals a /» carte. "Dailv Tourist Car
Service aid Personitlv Conducted Ex-
cursions tvtrv -JDtih from San Frincisco
at 6 p. m. The hssi of ererHhing.
n. ft. mrcHits
617 Market of. neneial Agent Pneif.e Cbatt
ralaee IIoUl SAX FKAXCIiCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via S«u»allU F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 19C0
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:53, •9:13. ll:t)0 a. m ' "l**
3.15, 4:00, 5:1*. »6:15, G:40 p. m. : • • •
EXTRA TRIPS— Fcr Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. *10:CO. •11:30 a. m •l-is
3:15. '4:45. 6:30, 8:00 p. m, . " '
Trains marked. <•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:20. '6:30. 7:45, 9 -SO am
•12:3u. 1:45. *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. Wednesdays
nnd Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 n m
.-, SUNDAYS-6:2O. *S:00. •10:C0. »il-45 a m
•UVf. »2:lo. 4:43. •6:30 p. m. ' '. "
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FKOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISOf)
WEEK DAYS-5:45. «:45. 7:55. 9?30 a m
1?:35. 2:10, 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
jnd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p rullB8aa * s
SUMU AYS— 8:03, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. ";:15 3-30
C:00, 6:45 p. m. ¦¦ . ¦ ."• .'."•"* '
THROUGH TRAINS. • , - :
6:S5 a. m. week . days— Cazadero and' way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way
¦ 8:03 a. m. "Sucdays— Tomales and^way
stations. *
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
8 mm- ¦ 175 lbs.
Fomcp weigM 155 "
Gain 4$ lbs.
Ther* are people who say that the
benefit derived from the use of put-up
medicines is imaginary. It is not the
case with Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip- •
tion, which makes weak women strong
and sick women well. A woman may
I imagine she's weak, or may fancy she's*
sick, but her imagination can't, add forty
j pounds tr her weight. The positive
I t>r<v>£ ol ' the curative power of " Favorite
Prescription " is found in the restoration
of health which is recorded in face and
form, of strength which can be tested,
and weight which can be registered in
pounds and ounces.
The general health of women is so
intimately connected with the local
health of the womanly organs that
i when these are diseased the whole body
suffers loss. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
, scription cures womanly diseases. It
I establishes regularity, stops weakening
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion and cures female weakness.
| "I am very glad to let other poor sufferers
, know what "Dr. Pierce'.s medicines have done
for me," write- Mrs. Edwin II. Gardner, of
Hsechwoofi. Novlolk Co., Mass. (Box 70.) "You
know I wrole to you last summer. I read what
your medicine had done for other people, so
thought I would try it. and I found it was a
blessuiR to me and my family. I began in June '
and took six bottle's of your medicine, and three
vials of ' Pellets.' , I took your medicine a year
when I had a leu-pound girl. I had the easiest ,
time I ever had with any of my three children.
I have becrr.vcry well since I took your medi-
cine. I took three bottles of J Favorite Prescrip-'
tion.' three of ' Golden Medical Discovery.' and
three vialsof ' Pellets.' I had uo appetite and
'could not eat much without it distressing me
before I tool; vour * Favorite Prescription,' and I
;. only weighed 135 pounds. Now I weigh 175."
I Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
j Adviser is sent' free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense -of mailing
• only. " Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
; NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
f/EAHN.Y AND WASHINGTON STa.^RE-
*» modeled and renovated. . KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to *1 50 day
J5 to »»«k; t8 to $10 month. -Free baths: hot
•nd cold water^cvery room: flre grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
i" ¦"
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
nuvTmwtun rAt'iriv compait.
(r*cirm strtkm.>
Trataa !••»*• »¦•• nrw «la* l« mrriim m»
NAN ntANCIMCOj 1
— (]Ift!n line. Foot of .Market Slreet) V^>
LXATB — FROU JaKUAEY 1. 1901. — AEBITI
7:50a B«i>teU. Suliua. Ehnln. V»«»IU».
Ramsey »ml Haermmeuto.......... Tt-43v
~ i8«a D»»i«. Woodlsad. Knlcbta Landing,
MarrsTills. «>ro»llle.. 7:43r
Ti»«a Ailaatlo Kipren— OgtJen and RmI IStlSr
K:UWA Martinez, S:in KaMum, V»llejo. >'»p».
' I ;alUtoga anil. Santa Knsa #»l5f
»:«o t KUm, ldietmore. Trtcy, Lathxop,
Stockton TtlSp
8:3Oa Sbaxla I xpreu— D»t1s, WillUms(for
BartitiU SrriDga), WiUowt. Bed
Bluff, PorUaud. 7>43p
¦ iKOa Rmi Jims, LlTertnore, Stockton. A
Iuiib. HKorainontu. rUcrnllia,
M«ry«Tlll(>, Clijco. lte<t liluiT 4il.1r
HiXOa Oakdalr, Chinese, honor*. Carters... 4:15r
n:U»A lUywanls. Nilrtand Way Station t. 1 It 15*
V:O«a Lus Angeles Express — Mutiuez.
Traoy, L»tliro|>. htocktou, Mereeu
Kiwui) and Los Angale* 7:1 -1p
n>:t«A Vallrjo. Martiuex amt Way Station* Oitltr
ltt:Uiu The OTeilamiU'iiIted— Ogden, D*n>
var, Omaha. Chlcsfi 9-AHr
ll:OOi Nll.-«. Stockton. M»cr»mputn. Men.
duta. Fresno, llauford. VUalla,
rorter«!lle 4>l3r
IIiOOa Llfermoro, Saogc;. Gosh«n Juno-
tion, Bakenfield, Los Angele*
flMMJp Haemuioiitii KlfertiU*m«r« t^'O* 1 *
3:O»p Hajwurda, Nile* and Waj BUtlonJ. Dt-t.tr
4:O»r Mnrtiiirr. Han lUiuou, ValUjo,
Nana. <;»lf»r»«a. Santa ltos« WilU* ;
4iOUr llenicla. Winters, bacr»m«nlo,
WiKHllann, Knight* Lauding,
M^niivlllp. Orntlll* I«):IO*
4i:i<*r H«rw»r.li. Nilmaml Han Joss fft.-t-tA
aiOOr Nilea. Lirermore, Stnekcm Lodl ... 10: tS*
f.1:OUr bu»rt . liuilled. El J Paso, New
Orleans ami Kast. el»:13*
A-.oupTIki Owl Mmitwl-Tracr. Wimbo.
nakeralleM. H«ugn* fur Santa Bar-
bara. !-.»» Anceles i l«il"l*
SiO»p New OrlraoF Express— llaker«ni»l«J.
ManU lUrlrara, J mm Ang-le*. l>em>
Inc. El l'aso, New Orleans and
Kast.. 7i«!»»
Oinop Harwartis, Nlleiaud Ban Jose...... 7iMi
t«:««f ValUjo 1 1>4»»
OiOOrO'iental Mall— Og<1en, Oheyenne.
Oiuaba. Cbiovga l»:13p
•xOOrOitcuital Mail— Ogdeo, Denver.
Omaba. Chicw«o. 4il3r
~:O»r (Ireunu and Callfnrnlm Kiproaa. N»o-
n... .i-ii tn. M»rj«>lll«. Ko.l.lln.,
. fortlnn.l. I'ngat Kum.tt an.l Kail S:43*
¦i«»."»r San PiVo. P»rt <;oato. Mutl^ei
and Wa» MtaMiMia 11:43a
l^:«*.Tr Vail-}. 7M3p
VOAM III VISION (.Nnrron 4Janee).
(Foi4o( U^rkt-t Street.)
SilftA Newark. Ornti-r»lll«,Ha.i. lose, Fetton.
U<»ii.l ( .rC<i-<*k.tta!iU Unix and Way
i>Utloi.a «,an P
lailSjr Newark C'entetflll*. 8an .Ins*. Now
Alnuiteu. Ksltnn, Honlder (,'reok.
HanU Cms an.l Vr'.ucli.al Way
i. Rtatlnus , *¦••**«
4tl.1p N«waxk, S»n Juno. Lo« Gatoa g:«St
o'J-.nOr HnntoM" Kzsursion. Ban Joso and
Way Motions . . t?i»«p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. -
rrtmSlS rRlllCISCO— rnk »f X.ti.t Slrt.USll.!) —
From Oakland— Foot «t Bromrtway f« m m-o*
lu:>0B.m. »:oo 1M 4^Cp. m .
COAST IMTISlOX(nroa<lllanKe).
(Ihir.l ¦...!» Ti»»n^»H Stu.) '
(UtlA4 Ocean View, rtoiiHu n«ii rrand«c».. |i.:.l»f
~:«l»A Man Joss ami Way HUUoiis (N«w
Ah.rn.lnri \VeMne«Uls»nly) ItSttr
••••a Nan .!.««. Tr«« fi...... s....t» Crna,
TactUo llmiK. !'»»¦> Hi.ltln. Han
l.nis OI>Uni>, Hnrf. Lompoc and
Principal \V«y HUtlnim 4ilor
I ":••»» Ban .¦•««> ami Way Skatlons «tS.1a
lllItMA Man .ln«H ¦,„.; Way Statlima Si3Or
t'JrlSr San Matro. H«lwcwvl. Menin Park.
Talo Alto, banta Clara, San .li>*«. "
Tret I'tnos. Hanta Crux, SaJioaa. ¦¦
Monieiey mihI I'arlltc (Irorn |Ifti*Ak
fSinnr fan .Io«« an.l Way Htatlima 7:3Wi>
i*:l."kr San JrsRan.l Principal Way Station* «-.!.-,»
tAittop San Jomr. Los Gatos aud Prtncipml
W.»y HUMotit t»:Oi»»
StSOr .San Jote ami Principal Way Stations »:35 4
«::il»r San Jos* ami Way Stations f*:»«»j|
qlti4apflan .loseand Way Stations ?:3»f
A for Morning. 1* fur A lUtmaa.
t Hiunlar eicepted. ¦ X ttsmday moif
I Mondays, Weancadays, Fridays,
c Tu'f«l«j<, TburidaTs, Sundsja.
a Satnrdai only. >
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Vis Sauufito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
T;«p:«:| w «ek days ( *%r.M.
Ji^r "•< SuyoWBl » lltt " h "TAw«iurh(k3S.;:J l :
iT^o I". S: [ r—rr. SUNDAYS ..._ . Jg K h.
_, ¦ F »'e- S»n Frineweo to Saimnit snd Return 11 40
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & SawaUto Ferry.
. • ADVEBTISEMENTS. i _ _ , ja
I i 0Id Re!iab!e I
fa Specialists. |
OUR TREATMENT |
M Gives vim, vis jr. vitality, strength and ambition to weak $4
£1 and despondent men, young or old, married or single. gj
H rejrardless of the cause of - their trouble. "We master £3
m wasting weakness, unnatural drains, losses, etc., quick- 1
H ly and permanently. . <j
I \A/E /\LSO CURE d
fcl Special and contracted diseases. Including contagious \
m blood poison, stricture, varicocele. hydroccle. ruptULv, :
KJ piles, diseases of the kidneys, spine. b?adder. etc.
M Our remedies, which have stood the tryinsr test of E,
H . time, are compounded by graduated pharmacists In our 7
M own private laboratory. FREE TO PATIENTS.
H Our methods and appliances have proved, by thou- n
K sands of actual tcst3. to be superior to all others. Our j
|1 institution is the largest and best equipped and our prac- *
•3 tice the most extensive. *
1 Our Name and Reputation. |
l| The reputation of our institution is the best. We are Ej
gl popular because we cure our patients. We have trained S
Ej our present high standing: by curing diseases and weak- ta
|i ness, not only In thelr.earlier stages but those which fel
W had become chronic and dangerous by bad treatment or yl
H ' neglect. Every member of our staff has had many it!
Ej years' experience in hospitals, general practice and as fej
tj specialists in curing diseases and weakness of men. M
9 We have long been operating a successful home cure . Kg
H system, and give consultation free at office or by mail. w
I TERMS AND PRICES. I
II Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test our PJ
M methods, remedies and appliances may deposit the price H
H of a cure in any bank in ' San Francisco. If a cure i3 «tl
fid not effected in a reasonable time the bank will return Kj
H • the money. ¦ Payments may be made in monthly install- EJ
ra ments If preferred. Prices reasonable, alike to rich and H
I HOME CURES— FREE BOOK. Ij
g Our home" cure system Is marvelously successful. If 3
F| you cannot \1sit San Francisco, write us In confidence 3
W and we will send you. sealed, by mail, a booklet which i
M contains a treatise on all diseases and weaknesses of ']
Pj men. and a Breat deal of other valuable information of 3
II a private nature. Cures aent safely by mail or express.
I ELEVATOR f^Yt MARKET ST. 1
I ENTRANCE /OB SAN FBANCISCO. |
¦|J • . Hours— S to 5 Dally. Evening*, 7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to 11. H
AD7EBTISEMENTS/ ;
gnrmmmmmwiffmmiirmmnnffmiifmmiirw^
% (Beautiful Foulards. HUD QODlUn PfSfWlO Hew Cotton I 3
i^;^r^Vv' UUll WE If dl illBllj UUUlJu Shirtwaists. 3
The <5«*isn» are all ww«« ¦¦»¦¦- -«r u « . . » v w V , t jj e geason
= '£'%»<$«Fi MAKE A BRILLIANT SHOWING. 52?4SSgt£ 3
vorite c o 1 o rl n g r. * leaa f ran kly admit- ""^
£ Sn m^ie n at %^. No former stock ever presented so much newness, t ed by an who know 3
*5<? to »ijw brightness and such a variety of pleasing: styles. «tyiw:«nd values. :
£ NEW BLACK GRENADINES. NEW ISOI WASH FABRICS. !f
fc: The most Bttr«rtiv* gathr rlnr on display to-morrow. Silk . No stock was ever better bought than the present one. Th« "3
fn^'^%U"»S^;rt.^ .pretuest things .come first. Our counters and^ .helv.s are laden
»- titmoft discrimination In the selection of ntyles and deslRns. w>th fashions choicest weaves, like embroidered Swisses, Irish —^
which we believe are unequaled. They are fully 44 Inches , Dimities, Mercerized . Foulards, Scotch Zephyrs and Madras — *»
m~ *lde',.to he boU, commencing to-morrow at. yard ,' Qinghams, Mousselln de l'Nlde, Organdies, etc. Make your »e- -^i
• $1^5. 91.75 to 93.50 lections now— it's far easier, while stocks are at their best.. "Z%
ST" A Silk B2rO"Sln r^ d J^ rds *" x^ r t *«* v Jr quality . | r ; c l. nimlttoe Ov " r a hundred pieces on sale to-morrow. "^
«fc= r» J..J 8 ni BUtkPetu d « yol r ™» c^ betow the resru- ITlSIl UimiilBS . st ra! B ht from Belf^t. sheer but substantial.
¦T FOr MQflyai Oil y. l? r ,, pri . c n °": to l . be °7r red / or Monday only. 'Jtg V*'A in choicest designs, plenty of polka spots and
ivi Kviiuar uuij. Fully :o !nch« wide, of a rich. QQ r •*«»'» «<»»«• pl n dots. In " pretty colorings of pink, light
•^ lustrous finish, worth $1.:5 yard. Special, yard U-t blue, lavender, nlle and red. • =5
g CONTINUATION OF OUR ANNUAL LINEN SALE. 3
TJ.*" *'''' continue the preat sale of Linens and House Furnishings for another week. Th« .ales durtnir the past week were
im- Fomethir.g estraorJlnar>— those who were unable to come should not mlts the great money-paying opportunity. _2
E TABLE LINENS. LINEN TOWELS. TURKISH BATH TOWELS. =2
» = ft? T^^ T " bI * D *^" f!l 5i °i (tUpCI ?^ r . Q1 i aI " Lln » n Hemmed Huck Towels, sl z « Snowy, white and ecru, very heavy and =32
m ana in \ery pretty dosigns, 60 Inches 17x32, with neat red and blue borders, ex- extra largra imported Bath Towels that -^»
«£- wtfle: rrgular value 60c. On epe- AA r tra heavy quality. On special sale, l(\ n usually sell at I4.&0 dozen. Sale OQ r =5.
ZZL cisl sale, yard *ttW each IUC price, each At/W
S^ _ Linen Huck Towels, hemmed. In.-, plain -^
German and Irish Table- Damask, war- white, blue and red borders.- size 19x86: niHICI/ U1D1/IUC : —^
y ranted pure linen, choice patterns, fully good value at *2.25. Per dozen.. . «C 1 -76 UAMAOlv nArlVlliO. ~*
£ Per^rd ""*' g °° d * l 75c< 59C * l ~ "Bleached Linen Damask Napkins, a
*-- 'wj»™ vvv German Linen Huck Towels, hemstitch- heavy quality, 21 inches square; C1.35 r^J
¦»- ed. a maenlflcent towel. In all white and good value $1.75. Per dozen <J71— _«,*»
A Krend quality German and Irish Ta- r^d damask . borders, sire 20x40, Kood **j
m^_ h!e Dair.ask. tn fllver bleached, warranted value at $«.00. Per dozen CQ.9S Pure Linen Table Xapkins. a dependable _^ ,
i»»- pure Hnen, TO inches wide, hand- 7Q- <I>O wearing quality. In choice designs." 23 - —m
J^ eome designs, good \-alue fl. Yard. Cut Bleached Damask Striped Toweling. IS Jnches square; regular value $2.50. <C|^ -3
5^ Inches wide, good quailty for roller /><-» Per dozen • •.
S- Extra fine Gjrrnan Table Linen. 72 Inches towels. Per yard Ot , S aUn finish pamask Napkins, extra large ;^
!T ?? e# _^ *P len<31d make, pure white choice 18-lnch Linen Glass Toweling-, fln« qual- size. German make, in handsome patterns. 1^
pattern^ you pay elsewhere $1.25. QOp ity. blue and red checks; worth Qr» that usually sell at $3.00. Per CQ.35 _«•
<gr Per va rd vOW i2Hc. Per yard t/C dozen «J>-4—
g COMFORTERS. SPECIAL OFFER IN SHEETING & PILLOWCASING 75c WOOL CHALUES 3
Lar«e sire Red Comforters. _ •-«¦«» .»•«
»- flllfd with white cotton, with "«* closed out below manufacturer's price over 1500 yards hflR YARD """••
*£Z VreUr filknline covering: good bleached Sheeting and Pillow Casing, to be offered Monday only; uwu
mm- va:-je at $1 50 CJ l« If quantity lasts, also Tuesday. The Sheeting is H lnch<»3 wide. All-wool FVench ChalHes— over — «
S— Each «>1 fttra he 8 \">— the product of one of the most reliable mills. Our ift ',.>,„',,., stvles — *
S= EnEll ,h MarseHW Quilt-. e X L. ricPS ?" ** 1OW6r V ™ ent BlBtern °° St - nolka dots floral T Sre.den Fou^ =2
tra heavy, for double t-d5. In Extra heavy quality bleached Sheeting, SI inches wide. -Or- Cnd S«w effects Ideal --•
rholce natterrs; you pay else- for Monday Yard IOW for Tea Gowns, Sacques and =S
5T- * hn * :>0 - Pl^ciai Cj.t»5 Bleached Pillow Casing, good quality. 45 inches wide. lf|r» Kimona?. The regular tZfkc
*ZZ 1-ach «?* .for Monday Yard IUC 75c quality at.. ..Yard OvFw
gE UCE BOLEROS FOR MONDAY. NEW ALL-WOOL ALBATROSS. IMMENSE SALE OF WOOL WAISTS 3
s= f4^ v S5^H^M.^S ON SPECIAL SALE AT $3.50 SUIT. AT $2.98. 3
*y— - ¦ . ceived. 200 pieces to be placed on sner-lal Ccme prepared to expect great waist _*¦»
PZRSI1N RlKfl TRIMMJMR^ «'« coSSifncTne to-narrow? In colort^ of barealns to-morrow Our New Tork buyer ;^J
rCOiUn BAhU IKIKMmbd. P i nk , U(rM Blue , old Ko^, Lavender. »"» , us ,v M^° zen K? adle o n.n Frel ; C t h i %*«?* ~
~Z We will Khow to-morrow a ven- large Gray. Reseda, Nile. Bluet. Cardinal. Gar- ? a ' Ft " hl tl L at K "=5
Zl veriety of the Ute« effects In Persian »•». Castor. Cream and Black. CO.50 «>« which w » b t^'»f h e chwrt
fc in^f r om;.^...^ h^.-^^Vv I aTi THAT S5.G0 SILK WAIST BARGAIN. =3
ITZ OC* CVIBT I lUftm lirmntv -t vmn To-morrow, another fresh lot-the grand- dinal, Navy and Black; all sizes. _**
g ISS^iSS fe&^S&gS&iafi children's lisle hose 24, pair. %
•fcH U!f.Ti.^ - 7™ nS V k- *" TJ • a <1^ C)<5 *S 1 r-opular Bishop sleeve; in colors of Llj?1t SO dozen fine IXI ribbed Lisle Hose. ~-T
Z^ r; mr ">. l " °° l01 ? ° r - N * v >- G"^n, Royal. Blue, Pink. Old Rose. New Oreen. Cardi- double knees and eoles. extra length, fast
«»— runJp. Turoiioise Red and \Ar* nal. White and Black; siies 32 to 44— a black dye. all sizes, the regular O A r» "^
fc; l-.ak; worth -h-. Monday... Yard ITW waift bargain that does its own advertising. Soc quailty. For Monday.... Pair £**** —g
75C BLACK CHEV- country orders receive prompt attention. TAFFETA ii
iiuiaiuiiuumauuaiiiuiuuiiuuiaiuiuiUiUiaiiuiuuiiuaiiiiaiUiuiuiUiUiUiaiUiUiULf
B. KATSCIilNSKI, llfw p^
! PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. jj vJuailtV
j 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. || /
j | The Owl Drug Company
£i^l* f^S~3 I sc '^ s but one grade of drugs — the
itEii *$ift i '• cst * c k r ? e£t^ ru s^"^ wcst
I fa i II of Chicago couldn't afTord to sell
/ X R 9 a B ' ' an y^"ig else. We 've built up
/ t§^vl& >v J)l«wW I our usincss on «e dependability of
/ \ - ! our B no^ qualities.
f \ i ! c ct wc are cna b'cd to sell
\ \. t! a *l°wer prices than other stores
A Va£|||^^'* l "««*. Ss *> fcw^ P a^' or 5 * as a^ so helped.
> *^«. T^^ rTiaia | i^f^ Pinkham's Compound 75c
• • ' -* r ? Cuticura Soap 15c
5 Ladies' FurTriimmRcf m Sfsaa? I
I I.UUIUU I UM lUHIIIUU ; Ayres 1 Cherry Pectoral 40c
I WIfl! I/?n Illl irTA i I King's Consumption Cure 40c
VIGi KID JULIETS ;i &fF I
5 Kwp your feet t«arm. for thfs is the ! Renner's Malt ->OC
F'-«son €,: the year nht>n couehs and j U,,,i c H^ir H^-al^H T
I eeM» arc **sily contrart«Hl. And how 1 i? ay S Heal( - n 4OC
i <-oM it I? these mornings: Vou <f r- I ! I bwamp KOOt 4OC
jj tair.Iy require warm footwear, and j | MelHn'S Food eer '
j here i*a ppmial off«>r: Ladir.V Vld H -. . "v. V" ,^~V~ " C
; rein tf-'/a'ii'J W r at«-m° a |!»ather V?!™.™^- 3 Free delivery to railroal points within
low rUfr down lining, hand t'jrn<rd Ij ' j 100 mites on- ail orders of $5 or up.
BEAR. YE WIVES ! .Sfl^OWl
:i Ul ifUIMilglllGlli j $*%.
I a;M f - 0 M cheaper than "ho's ! f*7f$L ' " : , '
c»<ie without th^rtamp. |{ Ijgk 1128 Market Street
I Thi!. More closes at 6 p. m . on w~>k j °"7 San PraneUco
I 'in%:nlue l ;o n cio" e n at a ;h^ > \ourl L 1Oth and Broadway Oakland
PROVIDED AU. OTHEK ' SHOP X^.
stores will do the "sAMn
- Sale of LADIES' GOLF SHOPS a ~ ¦
I 7" hynntr OR- JORDAN'S wzati)
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CD I ! a P|EWH OF ANATCSiYf
1 (0 THIRD ST..- San Francisco. I } *g^ wl^^^i^^^^S
2, I «?i£&3 -., t -o >«"'«rto" <re« knd «rirttT prirafe \
B^-S*TV-.-- Or{ « 1 » l "»" do »lyC*Ji«lB«r 1 (|< »»l«abl« book lor mm) \
JSk li^WA 7J" 1 " ; » trtbb °n- T.ke •>• other. Refbro ~ "¦ 7 ~ 7 ~-
IS. B 2"ff.»S^•rtfe.l^T^rim.tufc I \ I" H K V A Market. S. F. TryCome, Around To-Morrow.
Go out of your way and benefit your
self, meaning that you should not neglect
to come around to the Bankrupt Shoe
Sale, 1506 Market street, where there will
be sold to-morrow men's vici kid shoes, in
black and tan, lace- or congress, worth
J2 50 to $3 00, for only Jl 35 a pair.- In this
lot there Is also - box calf and sealskin
shoes. All will go for H 85 a pair at. the
Bankrupt Shoe Sale of the California Shoe
Co., 1506 Market st., near City Hall ave.«
Mammoth Axcb. of Prunes.
8 AN JOSE, Feb. 9.— A mammmoth
prune arch has been suggested by Mayor
Martin as a decoration for the rose carni
val to be held in honor of President Mc-
Klnley's visit -here in May. His Honor
wants this erected • at First and Santa
Clara streets,- and suggests that it be a
Jouble one, built up from the four street
corners. "~- Many tons of prunes would-be
used and -it would be a novel feature.
Santa Clara County had a prune horse
at the World's Fair in Chicago that at
tracted a great deal- of attention, and
many declare a prune arch would be a
far greater attraction.
REDWOOD CITY ENTERPRISE.
REDWOOD CITT, Feb. 9.— A corpora
tion consisting of responsible business
men has been organized to develop the
marsh land in this vicinity and extract
salt therefrom- Two thousand acres of
land have been leased from the Sweeny
estate. The name of the corporation is
the "Redwood City Salt Works." Era
ployment will be given to at least 100 men
as goon as the necessary buildings and
appliances shall have been erected. a
number of wells will be sunk. It is under
stood that no Chinese will be employed In
operating the works.
The directors of the company are: Ed
ward Connolly of San Francisco, O. j.
Lelgecsorl of Mount Eden, H. M. Covert,
George W. Lovie and P. P. Chamberlain
of Redwood City. The officers are: P. p.
Chamberlain, president; George W. Lovie.
secretary. /
San Jose to Have' an Orpheum.
BAN JOSE, Feb. 9.— A new theater is to
be built in this city. The Orpheum man
agement of San- Francisco Is said to be
back of the project and It will put on its
attractions here. It is said the playhouse
will be centrally located and one of the
best in the State. ",',"' "
WASHINGTON. Feb. 9.— During almost
the entire session of to-day the Senate
had under consideration the naval appro
priation bill. Practically the bill was
completed when It wu laid aside for the
day, all the committee amendments be
ing adopted, but as the measure was
about to be placed on its passage Butler
precipitated a discussion of ¦ the i armor
plate question. In order - to enable sonic
others to epeak upon the matter the bill
was laid aside until Monday.-
Butler called attention to the paragraph
in the bill appropriating $4,000,000 to pav
for armor plate already contracted for.
If the bill had provided the entire - sum
necessary to pay for armor contracted for
it would carry for that purpose, he said,
$16,564,550. He declared the Senate was
precluded from considering the matter
now because Congress har authorized the
Secretary of the Navy to pay for armor
whatever the armor trust could hold him
up for. Mr. Butler declared that by the
Discussion on Armor Plate
: iPrevents Vote Being
Taken.
SENATE COMPLETES
THE HAVAL BILL
present arrangement ".ha Government was
making: a clear donation' of $5,000,000 to the
armor trust.
At the conclusion of Mr. But.er's speech
the naval bill was laid aside for the dav.
A bill extending to the port of Honolulu
the privileges of Immediate transporta
tion of dutiable goods was passed.
Penrose then called up his resolutions
relating to the death of Alfred C. Harner.
late a Representative In Congress from
Pennsylvania, and the Senate listened to
eulogies In memory of Mr. Harner.
The resolutions were Dassed and the
Senate, at 6:05, adjourned.
RUNS HIS STORE
AS CHRIST WOULD
Indiana Grocer's Novel Plan
of Conducting His
Business.
He refuses to sell tobacco.- cigars or any.
preparations that have elder, brandy or
other liquor . In them' He carries on a
souphouse for the poor In connection with
the grocery business and sells all goods
to that class at actual oost
MARION, Ind., Feb. 9.-R. D. Norton,
a grocer of this place, is running his store
'as Christ would run It." and bids fair
to: run all his compeiilors out of business
bo. "taking" has the venture proved. He
sells strictly for cash, refuses to deliver
any goods at the houses of customers.
displays the cost mark on every article
and thus shows exactly what profit he is
making.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Farm hands . are so scarce' in Germany,
that difficulty . is experienced in raising
enough sugar beets to supply the demands
of the factories. .
WILL EENOMINATE
THE HEROES OF SANTIAGO
President Expected to Send List of
Officers for Promotion to the
Senate.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 9.— It Is expected
that the President will on Monday next
renomlnate all the officers connected with
the naval victory off Santiago July 3, 1833,
whose nominations for advanced rank
failed of action in the Senate many
months ago.
The new nominations will be identical
In character with those formerly sent to
the Senate, with this difference, that the
operation of the personnel law already
has advanced many of the officers whose
names were on the list, and consequently
the department is obliged to make some
recommendations to carry out the spirit
of the board's instructions. Rear Admiral
Sampson is advanced to rank after Rear
Admiral Howell, the senior officer in his
prade, and next below Admiral Dewey.
Rear Admiral Schley Is advanced to rank
next below Rear Admiral Sampson. Tho
order of advancement In the case of the
other officers Is practically the same aa In
the original nomination.
"WTJ DID NOT INTEND TO
CRITICIZE GOVERNMENT
Explains His letter Regarding: Ex
clusion of Chinese From
Philippines.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 9.-The Incident
growing out of Minister Wu'i crltlclf?m
or General Otis In his letter to the So
cletv of the Gcnesee probably is closed
satisfactorily. Minister Wu has dla
avowed to the State Department any In
tention of criticizing the Government of
the United States.
It Is understood that Mr. Wu believed
the exclusion of the Chinese from the
Philippines to have originated with Gen
eral Otis, and not with the .War Depart
ment or any other branch of the Gov
ernment, and In speaking of his (General
Otis) having til advised, it is understood
there was In Mr. \\ u's mind the Idea that
some local representations In the Philip
pines had operated upon his mind to In
duce him to exclude the Chinese.
Says Time Is Eipe for Congress to
Declare That the Natives Will
in Due Time Become
• Fre« Citizens.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 9.— Consideration
of the diplomatic and consular appropria
tion bill in the House to-day developed
something of a sensation when Represen
tative Brown of Ohio, standing In the cen
ter of the Republican side of the cham
ber, made a speech strongly condemning
a colonial policy, and urging that Con
gress should at once give assurance to the
Filipinos that the purpose of the United
States was to give them Independence.
His announcement that he would advo
cate a resolution to this effect was loudly
applauded, particularly on the Democratic
side, and at the close of the speech many
of his Republican associates crowded
about him and congratulated him. Rep
resentatives Miers of Indiana and Dins
more of Arkansas also spoke on the Phil
ippines.
Representative Brown said:
".». colonial policy will be a radical de
parture from the course which our Gov
ernment has constantly adhered to in Its
splendid career of more than a hundred
years. A colonial policy will be main
tained at a cost — greater than any sum
of money can measure—of violating prin
ciples which we have cherished, as the
very life of free government- A' colonial
policy will require us to govern without
I the consent of the governed. A colonial
policy will destroy the high ideals which I
we have so proudly followed from our be
ginning as a nation.
"Congress has never yet announced to
the Filipinos what the national purpose
is with respect to them. If this body will
tell them now— tell them explicitly and
solemnly— that it is the fixed determina
tion of this nation to establish its author
ity in their country, and that when this
end shall be reached they shall have a
! chance to become in due time free citi
| zens of a free government— If Congress
; will say this to them and say It now, we
' may confidently expect that their rude i
; weapons of warfare will fall from- their
i hands and they will sue for peace — peace
which they will know means more for
them than anything ever held out to them
! or to their fathers in any generation.
"This declaration would now be oppor
> tune. It would be at this time a wise act
j which the Government is strong enough i
t to perform without having its motives
! questioned by frlen«l or foe. Even the
j most deluded Filipino could not misun
i derstand it. It would go to him, as he
! would know, and as all the world knows,
I in the day of his triumph and his defeat,
i This declaration by Congress would now
go to the Filipinos as a great nation's
I amnesty to them.
j "Why not proclaim this to the Inhab
itants of the Philippine Islands and why
not proclaim it now? It may be argued
that this Is what we intend to do. It may
be asserted tHtit as we are now going,
and without the pledge of accord from
us, the ultimate end of our occupation of
Filipino territory will be Filipino freedom
and Filipino government. But we have
not said thts to the Filipinos. "We have
carefully and studiously refused to say
this to them."
Mr. Brown also referred to the talk
favorable to holding Cuba and said:
"We hear It said now — It Is almost com
mon talk— that It was a mistake for our
Government to give assurance of a pur
pose to leave Cuba, Men assert, without
any apparent sense of shame, that while
It was all well enough for us to go to
war for the sake of humanity and in hu
manity's name we should have left our
selves free to bring the Cuban people into
subjection to us and free to take their
Island into our keeping and hold it as our
property. Deep regret Is expressed be
cause of the fact that before the • world
we pledged ourselves to the .people of
Cuba that we would not make conquest
of their Island, but that we would leave
It to them. The man who says we should
have resorted to thl.» double dealing In
April, 1S98, now very logically and very
naturally goes a step further and says
that we ought to violate the pledge we
then made, whether tshe wants to come to
us or not. What more miserable, more In
human, more unpatriotic course could be
advocated? It Is the climax of greed
without one spark of conscience. It is tho
acme of avarice, without a single redeem
ing feature. It Is the doctrine of a free
booter of the world. It is the code of a
pirate of all the seas."
The consideration of the diplomatic and
consular bill went over at 2 o'clock and
the rest of the day was given to eulogies
to the late Representatives Daly of New
Jersey and Wise of Virginia.
Urges an Immediate Am
nesty With the Fili
pinos.
BROWN ARRAIGNS
COLONIAL POLICY
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
17
THE EMPORIUM. | . THE EMPORIUM. \ ' | . THE EMPOKXCTM. . | THE -EMPOBnTML | THE EMPORIUM.
r-» Fine 'Reserved Seats for all Bemhardt performances on sale at our box Deep-Cut Prices
/dgg^ Lamps ojjke-min aisle.^ ; ; •; • ':;'; ¦-. ' ¦ • • . ' in Cloak Dep't.
During the entire week we <Jor-n on card'"; 1 6 |Sg jgWHI Monday «nd al the too low to last »i^ Jil
(frg&L. pace on fa'e aU of our ,g,\ 0| 22 and 24 P dilAl^i^n'R.Ulfi ft^ZAAl 1 !. B w «k» choice of 3 very long. We
5S^@ fine center draft table H ne . M on day on!v ¦%,¦«¦«> HM*^ A4*l m "^ rrin d sCgl ri- have spendii J^ 5^
t $SmSlg$h andban,«etLan,p.,bfasf, ' C!ird / g^ CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE 1O for 15c •"ortmenn « /^few\
tQ^^^£^^^% enameled metal and por- ' ' -' ; . all ihrsc incs. i^C^ \ /J\ \
iffismiwiiWfft « :ai n pain'.cJ, that sell mem m m f^ m gpm. mm 4 m WBLM 55.00. 57.50 /I^^V/ \ I
mm S^S^i The Swords Our Fathers Wore. s&^ wf\\
v*^* c^e'rVgS.r^cS: Genuine Relics of the Rebellion $1.5® Each. fg,|f| f\ jjQj
California Blankets e h we P urchase^ 4oo swords and cavalry sabers, which have just arrived from ".ss.bi L/\^\=dLJ
flficu«*naeco«ll/3lMfia the United States Arsenal, where they have been stored for 26 I ears or more since *»s. |*>. **s jk/ M^.&3fti
"'"**** the termination of the Civi! War. They were secured from the batt'efields of Antietam, Wilderness, SWloh, Gcttys- |£S^Jacket! *^ IW^Wft^/ft
wSifiiT jtxi^'-^^X " ' " burg, Lookout Mountain, .Murfrccsboro, Vicksburg, Fa : r Oaks and Seven Pines. Every one of them is a genuine ....59.95 _ !
largc'beds, per pair. .....'... &5m95 tcYc that will tie highly prized by its purchaser. ' Th%y are just the thing for decorations in halls, cozy corners, smok- J5.00 Rainy-day Skirts .$2.5O
Aitervkeable white Banket, with a Uitlc ing dens, herald c trimmings, etc. Some of them are still bright and shining, some aremildewed and rusty with {10.00 Rainy-day Skirts $5mOO
cotton in thi warp, size 70x80 qq their long storage. They, cost the United States Government by the thousands $10.00 and $15.00 &ti ELfft $10.00, 512^50 Drcsi Skirts $5.00
A?pecS pf/k-up'finrit'^v;; faPVank^ cach-^ur sale, price ! Monday and during week while quantity, lasts, each/. . .......:..' 9' f VV |x S . O o Rainy-da y Suits '.'.'..'.. S5.OO
best wool, 6 :bs. weight, only _ ff Drapery uagaartmont— Main Floor* -_ -i, : $15.00 TaEor Drtsscs &8.S3
90 pars of these, p:r pair... $*&»95 k«V«'V^- ft H<- itHkrrmm^^ jffl iff tw ' ' f^^rfflEX-wfi £jf fJ^ $30.00 TaTo.* DrastS $15mOO
Marseilles Bed Spread*- Well made, hand- TO^**S^ I^^*JsSbsJ$ ' % 3<?z2m\ USS? C^fflSfiPW' 5 6o -°o Jailor Drtsses $30 00
Crm f orttrs— Fu'.l Vic and "tufted, nice white »^^^^^^ \\ Jv MuT^^^y $*-5° AU-Wool Wtbts ..... .'.*. .... .S80
filling, clean and healthful, tfff wT^ r^ ::^^^^^^^^_-rL^^7 W "*^* > $2.50 Wool Dotted Wibts $1.35
each $BmlO m\ 'lr **~T VJjfcii 11 "¦" m '' + ," J ''^ ¦. . T*" $4-O°» tS-°° French Flannel Walsts.$2.45
Great Special FURNITURE AND CARPET SALE This Week.
Many changes have been made on the second floor of ths big store, since Christmas. Things have been moved around so that many
hundred square feet of additional space ha^ been added to the Furniture Department. New warehouses for furniture and other purposes are
being erected in the rear of the store, but will not be completed for some months hence. M:anwhi'e a great stock of new style Furniture and Carpets' has been purchased for the forthcoming season and
is now on its way out here, and a place must be provided for its display and sale. To that end we begin Mcnday morning a systematic clearance S3!e. We cut prices on high-class Furniture and finest
Carpets as we have never cut prices before. See ihi incomparable bargains that we offer ob foro purchasing elsewherom .
J____ - -j rjiiijii'iM w'.bjh/j ma- Tapestry Brussels Carpets — All-wool surface; _ $30 Solas lor $15— Our No. 210, solid mahogany, uphol.
P* £$£&. 1 rRp^iilaii^WysW^ ©i^i^k gool, chrertal p tterm; to close out — per yarJ "JrSC stercd wirh silk tapestry; a good value at our regu- /¦}#-«
' sd&^sul -^^^^P^^^^^^^^r- .HfjOrS _ B^^a Genuine 3-ply Carpets — Regular old-fashioned fabric in 'ar price, S 50 each - special «!- price
modern designs, a carpet that wiU equal Body Brusstlj —_ $22^0 Arm CfcatTS lor $1125— Handsome, massive, solid
W^Y?Si r^/^^^:i^^g^^S^^|jg lljiW Hv&*^«(^ in wea- — per j'ard OOC mahogany Arm Chain, covered with hand:ome siDc tapsatry (our
8°^ Brussels' with borders to match; floral and Persian No. 975), which sell regularly »t $22.50 each—
"T qLrffffl r- 1^^^^ SS^^^^^T <^^^^^^^" °^> 8^ eflTscU, at the price «tked by most dealers for tapes- iprcial sale price ; w"i^9
, . , , , Hartlord Axmhisters — A heavy deep pile carptt in beauti- as in picture— covered with j^^^^V^rv
Overstated Parlor Suit, as in picture— 5 pieces covered With hand- — f.l patterns, at a fraction of its real worJi- P :r yard o> m nr% k«« tilk rc^ ar S^^fe-^X
tome silk brocatel in rich design and colorinc, rcgu'ar price 545 — special sa e pn:e «?«Cf0V _ • ipgrnUtJ price '40— special sals pnc= /^>\
A $65 Parlor Suit lor $30 (our No. 210)— 3 pieces, so id mahogany <t9n nn Sanlord's Tapcsty— 10-wire Brussels, no better $20,00 mSSP^^^^^S'|)
frame with rich s'k tare try coverings, regular price $65 — our special sale pricr. mjl vS (LI j (J dj tipssrrv made (hpr'ers to match) — per vard m %JC /^^^-^^i^W^S^^^Sr
$75 Parlor SuiUor $37.50 (our No. 155) — 3 p : eces, solid mahogany __ Linen War P Matting — Finrst quality, art de- x $l&50 Reception Chairs
tram-, covered with beautiful silk tareftrv, regularly Jys-special sae price... . $37,50 sign, r«u«!y 30c a yard-special this week '.. «2«? $9-25 (our No. ai 3 )- @^f^^p^gf^
. rnn ' . c u . tlc , KT : s . - c Crt i;j. ma Smyrna Rufts— John Bromley & Sons' all-wool Smyrna so id mahogany frame, silk {^J^ttWSgSCa^aS^S
A $90 Parlor Suit Tor $45 (our No 2843)— 5 pieces, so.id ma- f J / / (gMo«^-fflgg3agri
. hegany frames, richest of siik tapestry coverings, regularly f 90— special sale price &**Z9,UV J 3 s_ spc cial sale P - ice ....!...... S25-UU ..,3.50 each- special sa!e «MpSiilAa^^"' fcWUj «aW
Our No. 1140 Parlor Suit — similar to above; a little more clabo- g*-* Gcnvfae Wilton Ru^S — 54x27 inches, fringed ft _ _-« price
lately finished, fcr which we ask I90 — on special ia!e now &3%JiUU both enJs, regular prc: — sale trice &2*5U VSra-Si*
Fashion Ideas, g^Bt M^* £^\\W^% H r M x <^! Wall Paper.
Spring Dress Materials, early Spring Millinery, WflfiV^ *(*W >% 9 fi— €T T^^i i^y i «^^ Th= Wa'l Paper D-artment has been moved
Spring Amusement* for Children, the Lenten W\J \Zf C'jl ' fl <^+T M J M. to better Lghted and more commodious quarto.,
Table, a Spring Breakfast and 84 «y'es of J C ) \- I \ V %yt 1/ j/ ?%£*, i m _. . .. back of the elevatcn, on the east «de of the
S. ring Dnismakbg are part of the offering XjT N^T tv &k J \ V T^L /^ 5^> Rg 6 ¦ jl a » Pfir €> second floor. We keep a'J grade, of paper and
to women in the March Delineator. The f^StSpS^^^t)^ \ \ '** ' M *^J5 MI «*¦ * ¦ ¦^«O»»t. K 0 them ie pneo net touched by any other re-
itWlfpMlm^M The sa ' e has^ been enormous but olentv left yet. t^^^aotoioo
>ears, U described b the March numle of V\ WW \fiS«tV8^^M Everybody can find their SlZC. ¦ Genuine P. D., R. & G., W. B., J- »•» Good Gilts, per single roll. 7#O tO 12}iQ
the Delineator onder the ¦ heading, "Th* YUM ///I^^VW I. C, Thompson's Glove Fitting, Kabo's.Royal Duchesse, Warner's and Extia Fme Gilts, per dng'e roU
sjss^jf^;, E'.stcVE / r^^^Mm Fcrr5s Wai i f s if cs and chi:drcn - al1 at 25c on the $1 - 00 ' 33c cn toc 51 - c0 x*'&'^^£^£!z
yond Elizabethan times. For tale at the f*W«* and 50c On the $1.00. . j , . , ... .- .: . bold itripa and bitarre effects; pressed and plan
1^2S2SSIE^± 75c. $1, $1.50 ¦¦Corsets 23o $2, $2:50, $3 Corsets $1.00
M ?°°: T7T 1 $1. $1-50, $2 Corsets . . 50b $2.50, $3, $4 Corsets $1.5O , mp 5tf£ a ' r f* 0 nel8 .
Stop and obtain a Ma>ch Fashtm Sheet *_T1 Zi**^ — * mm mm tty-t r— s\ T~\ /~*- , ' *H jm A*% ES maM '1* % * m •«¦• ¦ Mmmmmmm%»m&m
a e ;/ r^ aint "^^ra t ,ons or^r^ $i # 50 f $2, $2.50 C o rs ets 75q $7. 50 Fancy Corsets $*tm95 su^r^:X o{^ ™ r £*\L^
Bemhardt Panel Children's $1.00 StlK Caps 2Sc_Coiored Silk Cpi. red, Children's $250 Dresses JL2S-Made of nice cashmere, J^£°|^£*^^*p£
Photos SS SO BOX blue * nd orown » » ; - lk <lined and h* trimmed, former rsd and blue only, nicely trimmed and ined, size for Flannels, to be dosed out to-moiTow _
tTST. * » fcTh" PS tL f" S.-oo, Monday «d Tu«d ly . if lot gggg J^ *£%££* * Z ' S °' tB $1.25 "*'*"" 9 °
3?tk7*iS f W 1 - ."" ." .V ., ..- ._ . "."'- — Suspender Sale.
ett special rate ot the ><N i 7ffQ^tt9Bffi AMtff mfaW mmV£& ti£*Bf% WMBVff^ A manufacturer hai 1 lot of remnants of wtb-
ycar. Tr.b i. thc £jft^ f g BM*MQAi&&M /flOlO €## . W €MM%*MM*mWM*m&m bing left ovei from last^:n and nude them
latc.t, most up-to-date //kl!s43'\- ¦ • ' 4 • • t. .i_i_ j £\ no into this lot of Susa ni*rs. not z pair
j 5 .ooprr dozen style IsK'lfe L^rs;est assortment— lowest prices in town. A h i? section of the second floor o f whicil b wotth v lce * u „„<£„
of photograph - sire !¦ given over to Saint Valentine's wares; also on large tables in main aisle, first floor. \ . Monday's special price. About 70 patterns
Hill o^c^ll ffiSlJTOJ Fancy Lace Valentines /2 for So and Fancy Valentines in boxes. WO tO $2 OO «. 'F*^ 1 <*c Monday only.F-flg
Thotn ii cut^the raufe ••••••••• • 10, 2o. 3o. *o, So, Wo Envelopes with all of above Valentines except *** ***°
photograph is the very M S^^$ Fine J r Dro P Va!entineJ ....'-.. iOOj 12O, 15C, 20 C, 2SO the 12 JOT j)C and 1C kinds. Thaotm flavMaflfe in
highest grade ot car- Fancy Card Va'entnes lO tO 10O Comic Valentines, large, 6 for 5O * IJuSe Oa~£/f*//7S 111
ben finishj in »ny : \%$7$ggj@BK^ Fancy Novel'y Va'entincs! ... .We. 15O, 20o, 2SO. 35rs Comic Va!en-ine.% small, 20 for \ ;. 8O GrOCeflBS- — MOtidSV
itvle or position, on a '•'V^iswJfew/MKi' : ~~ " ~ r tt 1 r l u
Sf ?«££ mSm AstonJshjn^ShoeJBargaina New ArHvalS—SUks \
m^^^JtX^S^SI^;^ *n* Wash Fabrics. a fits
................... t- spring and summer stocks now on the'r wav trom the Eift, an! re-mark Eich day adds new braut es to the stupcndoui gather ng of dainty 52*X'^-" sells rrgolar y at 25c tor
Ojr electric light photos are equal to those at a third ess than their regular prices. The lines of siz:s aie fabrics for sumnvr wear, which b being made by the big ftore. The %S2W. Q «K ib - packages— ws
made by daylight. Cloudy weather pr.-- comp ' etc 8tyks arc goo j j n fo ct t hey will be found to be the ¦ best Shoe asior. m?nt of Wash Fabrics, now almost comp ete, surpasse* any previous . h£ #5 *>5f^ ha ' e 9°° packages
feITed - We take fine photos while it rains. barg , in$ j n t o Wn to-morrow. . \:. exh-tition that we have been able to make so early in the sea-on. Jhe «S|A\ which we shall place oa
«• . . . ' Sale begins Monday and wil continue throughout <h> wet k if SUUs are eom'ng in more sWy, the principal displays being Grenadines, fc(wffi^£L sa'e Monday and during
SpeCiai %>ale OT quantity \*K%. . . . , Foulards and Wash Si ks. **»teA. '^uo' IA week whi'e quantity
S*ntl Sht*t*4tnn Ladies' Vici Kid Shoes— Lac- or button, cloth or kid UCZf Fi;.e Imported Ze f hyr$— Fancy weaves and sUk mixtures, per yarl.... . KZl~*^S lasts— per mm*.
f T «- - 7 j™ top, patent leather or kid ti P «, m=dium fl.-xible sole;, WM a SOo tn 75O package. ... OC
Anotrer great ett ring or Monday in narrow and me iium coin toes, o V r reguW !ow price S^i Embroidered Swhs Ofec»s— 30 to 44 incbeswide.5 jO to $1.OO Be t Pry Granulated Sugar— IS lbs.. $1. f)O
Bcdd'ng Supp ics. Although cottons <i. 98 a pair — 4£ tf -ft "9* LwSM&K Scotch Madras- For sui's, waists and sh rts, yard 15c to 25o Oyjtes— best Cove, 3 tins 25o
are going up in price, we place two f^?t| « le F ri e *j? B m^Vrn* fi^r) Percales— Finest maJe, our special maki, printed to cur crier, yard .... Wash n$ Sodi— 25 lbs 25o
spr iah, n thi ! ; i n =O n S .= .o-n,o n ow j WMg^£%MZ P^i, SMe-^V^^^W^W^ii/f,^ SSE^SSa^^SS
only at far ltss than mill. cost: / - \3k na.«S "' leather ti« r S? 22. Foulards, p £ r yard 33o Walnuts-best qua!ity-lb Ho
Double ted > I achod Sheds, well I 7^ ? ™"nm ewn toei'- w . ' ¦ New Arrivals of GreiwdintS-B ack .Ik, silk and mohair an I silk and Bid S«d-be*t quality- 6 lb. 25O
made, sire 81x90 inches, each V\(f regular low rrice' ti eo **»* m W0% wool Grenadnes in p'ain an! fancy strips, brocades, checks and plan .. :
' OtO \r~-m±.~X$^ t>4 oair U V r icr SmmmfU iron frame, one of the m«t fashonable fabrics for both itreet and THOSO Ai*O Monti3y*S
Single bed FtoaoJlBd Shrotfrrg, M. ' « LLcl' • ' • • ; «^^ evening wear, 44 *> 48 inches wide, per prd, Sf.OO tO S2.OO . g fZTJfgSL %nJ>nlh*f*
ttandarJ pade, 54 inches wide,' o _ \J»k Wis$tl Via K'd Shoes— Lace or Uffl Jafftta Fhnnel— The very atcst si k for jhirt waisf, more durabe than MmlEJUVr <&pUL,r*Mi&M
per yard IcqC button, extension toles, patent MM I % Jk flanne! . a , ,-jjt, are guaranteed to wear and warranted to wash; Port or Sherry Full quart bottles that sell rey-
- ~TZ m ~ - leather up, spring heels, new com toes, Mzes 11^ to . **Jjy I they are »4 inches wi. J e,- c/orings the very iatert, and m - — nlarly 40c . a bottle; Monday — —
Big Book Special \ f=^j] § p ecial "! c pnce Q 3f* >rf£r \ l r " > ardl wili Irlke * shilt waist> f" - vard ' * " on y~ 4 bottltJ " **
C 0%t» Mnnrlsair /1m#«# \ "wi '^ — P er P alr *+*¦'**%*, 'Z&f S*l Foulard Sil<— Complete assortments for spring now ready; very latest Birch's Ginger Ale Imported from Bel« t —
rVJ~ BWMWMMUCMy %*niy m j 'ttjr QiHdrcn'l Vltl Kid Shoes— «.'es from French land American fa tories that ear-not bs found else- per doxen $133
"The Master Christian," Marie; Corelli's / jf5Sv Lace or Kutfnn, ' where; both ti.k and satin finish, all 24 inches wi e, three grades, per Rre Cordials — Put up In fancy decanters,
la'est and grandest novel, published at $ 1.50, NvT^V c'oth or kid tops* medium weight so'«, y ar( i 85C, $1mOO 9 $1.25 regularly f 1.35a bottle; to-day tho q mm ' -
on special u'e in the ntwly en'argei Book y^^fy.JgK^.^ patent Ieatier tps, spring heels, new coin yfa'h i Si ks— More popular than ever, are tel ing very fa«t, got mother folowing assortmmt— per bottle. . i/OO
Drpartir.ent on Monday "i-y.. OQ/| toes, sizes % x / 2 to II, speciil £k&0% !ot in ast wrek in very da : nty deiigrs and colorings, b<6t mm** Crime di Mintht Crtms ds Vhl it
OJFC? ' sale price, per pa]r mLVmS *jr quality, per yard SOC Crtmt dtT^ou Crtms Jlniutti
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkards
Easily
Cured
Mis? Edith Williams Wants Every
Lady Reader of This Paper to Know
Hew She Saved Her Father.
Used an Odorless and Tasteless Remedy
In His Fo:d Quickly Curing Him
Without His Knowledge.
Tncl PacKafle of the Ren>edy Mailed Free
To Sbow How F csy It Is To
Cure Drunl^crds
J*oth!r^ couM t* mere dramatic or devoted
than tte manntr lr »hi"h Miss Edith Williams
box ZZ, \Yayr.esv;:>. Ohio, cured her drunken
father aXler year* or misery. »retchedn»ss aid
e.i:r.CEt unbearable t-uSerir.a;.
MIES EDITH WILLIAMS.
*"Tes. father la a, reformed man." ehe said,
"and our f rlenfia think It a. miracle that I cur*d
him without h'.s knowledge or consent. I h&U j
read how Mrs. Kate Lynch of 22J Ellis st.. Sa.n .
Krar>ci6co. Cal.. had cured her hubband by I
tislni: a pemefiy secretly In his coJTee and food i
and I •wrote to Dr. Haines for a trial. When it '
came I put some In father's coffee and food ail :
v-atched him closely, bat he couldn't tell the
difference, so I kert it up. • !
"One morning father pot up and said he was i
hungry. This was a good Eign, as he rarely ate j
much breakfast. He went away and when he !
came home at noon perfectly sober I was almost j
frantic with joy, as I hadn't seen him sober .or
half a «!ay before in over fourteen years. After I
dinner h* sat down In the bir easy chair and j
paid, 'talth. I don't know what has come over
r.ie but I hate the sight and smell of liquor
sud am going to stop drinking forever.' This i
vas tuo much for me. and I told him then w v :at !
I had cicne. W'e'l, we both had a good cry, a*nJ 1
row we have the happiest home and the kind- j
?-M fatl'er you can lir-apine. I am so f!ai you I
will publish this experience., for It will reach j
many others and let them know about .hai
vondcrfu! Golden Specific."
Dr. ]i..-.r.-s. the discoverer, will Bend a e&m-
p'ie of this crar.1 remedy free to ail who wiil
•write for It. Knough of the remedy is malleo
free to shew how It Is used In tea, coffe* or
f-vod, an1 that It will cure the dreaded habit
quietly and permanently. Send your name and
nddreps to Dr. J. W. Haines. E7« Glenn Build-
ing. Cincinnati. Ohio, and he will mall a fre«
sample of the remedy to you, securely seale<l in
& pla-n wrapper, also full directions how to use
It. bo-;ks &:id testimonials from hundreds who
have been cured, and everything needed to aS\
you In saving those near and dear to you 1rcm
a life of degradation and ultimate poverty a.id
dirjjrace.
Ser.d fc r a free trial to-day. It will brighten '
thervctof ycr.r life.
An fl ' '^
t^i* 5 led
|[ >l~ja BOOI
ji^'-'^v^-tt^h^j UFGSSBF
v - --- vv' j^ ..¦'¦. j". Thills
- -> ?*•?.!>* .%•*.„" ? c &iy o o •
•ii . \ wTv «1 j»i\j-' < among
.{. .-.- .v^V.l ¦:\ 1 ?d^ hundred.
[>"*S»jB»wSS,<j£ l i m '»¦« of b * r -
; Furniture and Carpets
We eaa »ave you money. Let
¦ cs estimate oa complete houae-
f furnishing.
J FV»e delivery within 200 miles
on J23 worth or over.
CASH or CREDIT.
• T. Brilliant Fnrnitare Co.,
338-342 Post St.
Opes Ere&izft. Haar Po»«IL
..J?
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
.-5^SN*?lv about the wonderful
J^#V MARVEL SfiSK NC
\'f '<Ss' ¦ 1 £_"'tl Injection and Suction.
V «S5 « C^ii! ¦ Best— Safest— Most Con-
V^V < G^^&EjS^ venient. It Cleanses
X^^HireN iaiuiitij.
Askyoerdroirtaforlt. % [£b» ar'/'^P^
DIJIRVCL, «ec*p« no \,, '*>^«<fe>—
c*!.er. but tend stttnp tat «hi». \t g '%%'/XV/
tntoA t>ook-aealed. ItfimfuU Y$L / "'fi
tr.U4e MtltVFI. <O.. t HM l 't.""-,W
CD3 Mission et-. S*n Fruneiaoo. v**-^-^
eONE PHPCC
BOTTLE UUntO
MCBURNEY'8
Kidneygggjr
A thorough euro for
p&los in the back,
BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
female troubles, ineon-
inecceOf urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
vetting of children, frravel, gal] eioaoo,
iropyy, di&brtr*. *n»1 rhpnmatisia.
FOR SALE AT
THE OTIX DRUG CO.. 1138 Market St..
ASD AT
DAHLBEXDER DRUG CO.. «4 Kearny «t-.
S*n<J 2Sc !n Sc stamps to W. F. McBurney.
418 S. SrrttUT et., Los Angeles. Cal.. for 5
«1»r«* treatment. PrenaM tl 50. Drurglsts.
mfjC&Lfr'^^Satt re . m * d -'- for Ooaorrhoes,
<«lc*t. S»»rm»t«>rrha»,
V&^yinlwSd.Ti White«. on natural db-
'ttj^m' Go»rant»«i! (B cbarfii or anr infl*cnin«.-
ffm^f oct u> itncurf. tloo. I nimtiun ur ulrerk-
[{^^ 'rtnnu unuptD. tioa f nucom Diera-
?t?^T>;iEvtx8CHtMX»LC3. b r « DM - K«»-*string»nt.
c a. a Zd^m OT • eat in Pl» in w r*rrw.
1>T expre**, prepaid, tbt
Purely Te^eUible, mild and reliable. Cause
j'-rfK-t digestion, complete absorption and
hralthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Uver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bla<Mer. Female Ir-
regulaiiUns. Sick Headache. Hlliousness, Con-
rtlpatlon, Piles and all derancements of the
Internal ViBcera. 25c a box. At Drug^sts, or
k>» xaolL KAOWAT A CO., New York.
When you are tired of being humbugged and spending large sums off money
with physicians who give no relief you will at last, if you desire a cure, be obliged
touse the VITAL RESTORATIVE treatment, which is the only certain cure for
LOBt Manhood. Night Emissions and Shrunken Organs. Call or write for book of
special advice, also FREE TRIAL BOTTLE, and be convinced. This great treat-
ment cannot be obtained from any druggist or agent, and Is . only used. In Br.
' .Cooper's successful treatment of diseases of men.
Address DR. COOPER & CO., 318 Kearny St.LEOPOLD GODOWSKT. THE
NOTED POLISH PIANIST AND
COMPOSER.
JAMES M. BARRIE, WHO FUR
NISHES THE PRESENT TEXT,
"HELPLESSNESS."
The- Chinese Minister at Washington declined the other day to attend a dinner given in
honor of General Otis. While this. may mean that the Chinese Minister is particular with whom
he dines^ it shows that General Otis is not.
The local enthusiast who killed himself the other day because of a family quarrel overnve
cents certainly was best qualified to place a correct value upon his own worth. "
The victory is for the present that of the railroads and the other forces that oppose the
canal. They had the aid of the yellow journals/ of the country in the fight, and doubtless some of
those .journals, will display the result as a triumph of their own.
It is to be borne in mind that none of these forces dares any longer to openly oppose the
enterprise. They are now fighting it by indirection. They have brought about a delay that gives
them a big advantage. Diplomatic negotiations are likely to last a long time, particularly since the
Senate has shown an intention to thwart the plans of the administration. Such is the situation
now, and instead of seeing work begun this year we are to have nothing but more talk.
REPORTS from Washington announce that the British Government will not reject the Nic
araguan canal treaty as amended by the Senate. Neither will it accept the treaty. The
British will merely offer counter proposals and ask for further negotiations. It goes with
out saying the request will have to be granted and the negotiations undertaken. The Senate will
soon adjourn. Nearly a year will pass before* it will be ready to resume consideration of the sub
ject; and so the hope of seeing the great enterprise begun this year is balked and baffled.
That such would be the outcome of the rejection of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty by the Sen
ate was foreseen at. the time it was under consideration. The advocates of speedy work on the
canal pointed out again and again that to defeat the treaty was virtually to postpone the under
taking. Senator Morgan, an opponent of the administration who had no partiality for the treaty,
nevertheless urged its adoption as the sole means of providing for early work on the canal. The
Call and other influential journals repeatedly directed attention to the same point. But all, was in
vain. The treaty was defeated and the work postponed. . >
PERSONAL MENTION.
Governor Gage Is at the Palace.
Charles M. Shortrldge of San Jose is at
the Lick.
C R. Sadd and wife of Sacramento are
at the Grand. V-.l.V.^
V.". J. Wallace of Stockton is registered
at the Occidental. ?¦-.
•Green Bartlett. proprietor of Bartlett
Springs, is at the Grand.
P. George Gow, a mining men of Stent,
is a guest at the California.
R Bmith. a company promoter of Port
land. Or., and \V. J. Moulte. a merchant
of Faxgo, N. D-, are at the Palace. -
Ralph Falk, a merchant of Boise, Idaho,
and S. H. Comstock, a planter of Hono
lulu, registered yesterday at the Califor
nia. . .•¦» '.•-•• .¦'¦
A. J. Wells, acting general manager,
and J. E. Hurley, acting general superin
tendent of the Santa Fe road west of Al
buquerque, are in th^ city. - —
Theodore Summerland, a well-known
insurance man of Southern California, Is
a guest at the LJck. Mr. Summerland is
attending & meeting of the underwriters
of the Pacific Coaet.
A farewell party was tendered W. E.
McLaugbiln last Wednesday night at 1413
Folsom street on the eve of his departure
for Me Ansel. Or., where he has been en
gaged as instructor in penmanship, short
hand and typewriting.
CAXEPOBJNTANS TN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— These Callfor
nians are In New York: From San Fran
cisco — H. II. Allen, at Imperial; D. Bloom,
at Hoffman; G. F. Detrich. at New Am
sterdam; J. Herman, at Holland; J.
Isaacs, at Sinclair; F. Mayo and wife, at
Vendome: E. C. Mueller, at Marlborough;
1* Stelnberg-er. at Imp«rial: J. S. Dodpe.
at Belvldere; C. N. Felton Jr., J. M. Hoyt,
at Holland; I. Isaacs, at Morton; P. P.
Groenberg. at Cadillac; E. W. Linforth,
at Imperial: T. N. Nlcklin. at Park Ave
nue; U. PbllUps, at Holland; S. Bern
etcin. at Herald Square; S. Mann, at Gll
ery.
From San Diego— W. Belcher, at Marl
be rough.
¦ From Los Angeles— C. C. Gibbons, at
Herald Square.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
FENIAN RAIDS— A Subscriber. City.
Colonel O'Nell led a Fenian raid Into Can
ada May 31, 1&G6; Spear and others crossed
the boundary line near Vermont June 7,
the Fame year, and on October. 22, 1872,
there was a Fenian raid Into Manitoba,
which was suppressed by United States
troops.
ANTS— M. H. R.. San Jose. It la stated
that a house infested with ants, black or
red, may be cleared of them by using a
sponge sprinkled with. dry white sugar
the sponge being slightly, moist it will
adhere. The ants will go Into the cells of
the pponce in larce numbers to get th©
sugar and then tho pests can be destroyed
by placing the sponge in boiling water.
The trap can then be reset until an have
been captured.
TO OBTAIN A PATENT— J. C, Oak
land, Cal. It is not absolutely necessary
to engage the eervices of a lawyer to
obtain a patent for an invention, but ex*
perlence teaches that It Is safer. An In
dividual may on his own account make
an application and he may make a mis
take, by which some sharper may get in
ahead of him. or in other words steal his
Invention and "knowing the ropes" ob
tain- the patent. ¦ > '
INVALID— Old ' Subscriber, Knights
Ferry. Cal. A marriage between a white
woman and a colored man is. void In ths
State of California. Such marriages are
prohibited by law. If a white woman
was deceived Into marrying a man "who
was an emancipated slave." she has her
redress in court. As to her rights she
would have to consult an attorney, who
upon hearing all the facts, would advise
her as to the course to pursue.
. SHOULD NOT FLIRT— A. O. F., City.
This correspondent writes: "If a young
lady is keeping company with a gentle
man* would it be improper for her to send
a valentine to any other man. friend of
the one she is keeping: company with and
friend of herself? "Would that be ,suffl
cient to cause a row?" A young lady
unless she is a flirt and believes it to be
a rart of her life's work to trifle with
the hearts of men. should be true to the
man she is keeping: company with and
not send valentines to any other man. If
the man who is keeping company with
the young, lady thinks anything of her
euch act on her part would be sufficient
to "cause a row." Trlfllne with affections
is a dangerous Chine
MORE MONTHS OF DELAY.
UPON another page we publish this morning a statement of the arrangements made for
a course of reading under the general title of 'The Current Topics Club." All readers are
invited to give it careful attention. These papers arc to take the place of the "Home Cir
cle Studies" that in the past have been so much appreciated by a wide circle of students. The new
series will appeal to an even larger constituency. In fact there is no class of intelligent men and
women who will not find the series interesting as well as instructive. ,
It is to be noted the new series will be of current interest. The papers while referring to mat
ters of permanent importance will treat of them in such a way as to make the information perti
nent to events now occurring. Consequently the discussions carried on throughout the series will
serve to illustrate the news of the time and will contribute to a clear understanding of the world's
The plan of the club includes a wide variety of subjects. On Mondays the articles will
treat of "The Opportunity and the Man"; on Tuesdays the subject will be "Colonial Governments
of To-Day": oh Wednesdays there are to be articles on 'The Women's Club Movement — What
It is Doing"; Thursday's series will give instruction on "The Art of Living a Hundred Years";
the Friday papers will give an account of "American Life n Century Ago," and on Saturdays
there will be articles on "What fhe Government Does for the Peor/e."
Each series of the course is under the direction of an established authority on that line of
work, and each paper will be from a writer of eminence. All of the articles will be furnished
by practical men, and what they write will be the result of a large experience in a successful career.
The prospectus published on another page should be read in full. Do not overlook it. .
OUR CURRENT TOPICS CLUB.
MR. BARRIE. an authority if
ever there was one on the psy
chology of woman, tells us that
when GrlzH tri*-d to discover
what possible charm Elspeth
could have for David, she decided after
long analysis that this charm consisted
larpely In helplessness.
If this be true, the woman of the fu
ture in proportion a* she grows less help
less will grow le.«:s charming. Is this a
consummation devoutly to be wished for?
And whether to be wished for or not, who
is it that has made the woman of to
day less helpless than the woman of yes
terday, and who if It that threatens to
make entirely Independent, though per
haps not utterly charming, the woman of
to-morrow? It Is Man (with a large M, if
you- please, Mr. Printer)— Tyrant Man.
who Is giving unto woman education and
is so making her like unto himself and,
unto the gods who know both good and
evil.
The woman of yesterday, when her ed
ucation had been "finished" at some pol
ishing school or some "female academy."
as they actually used to call It— the wo
man of yesterday was content to sit at
home or to indulge in that dull dissipa
tion known as society, until It pleased
some youthful Aha.-uerus to extend unto
her the scepter of his kingly favor. Hav
ing captured him, as Schopenhauer would
say, she took possession of her (tempor
ary) thrall, deputed her thinking to him.
and aa a thinking being herself ceased
to exist. Her "daily, occupations," as
I^ady Teazle puts It, "to Inspect the dairy,
make extracts from the family recipe
book and comb my Aunt Deborah's lap
dog." She had a dozen children and died
in a green old age, never having used any
but the central lobe of her brain and quite
unconscious of the fact that she possessed
also a prefrontal. a postfrontal, a parietal,
a temporal and an occipital lobe.
As a teacher It has been Impressed upon
me that the educated young woman of to
day does not propose to pass her life in
such manner as* the uneducated .woman
of yesterday passed hers. Education ha3
given the modern young woman a desire
to be independent, to live her life her own
way, to walk In the paths of her own
choosing, and not perforce to tread the
prlmroFe path of dalliance that leads unto
the matrimonial altar. The great major
ity of such of these women as have to
earn a living lake to teaching a3 one of
the few professions that give them a
chance of earning a return In any way
proportional to the capital they have in
vested in their education, while some, who
may be gifted with beauty or peculiar
talent or that desire for fame which Is
the last Infirmity of noble minds— some
look to the stage as the only profession
In which a woman can earn a wage com
mensurate with what Is paid to a man for
similar service.
From such I not seldom receive in
quiries as to the desirability of theatrical
life, the way to begin and the possibilities
of success. A few general remarks may
be not useless to them, and to many oth
ers who have longed to climb the ladder of
histrionic fame but have hesitated for
fear lest the first round should break un
der.them. I am not writing for the ex
tremes—for the rare women of talent like
Mary Anderson, or for the numerous ig
norant people now on the boards who
ought to be scrubbing kitchen floors in
country hotels. I am writing for the edu
cated girl of fair abilities who feels a
strong Inclination to go on the stage.
In the first place, don't go if you can
earn $1000 a year In any other respectable
calling-. For a woman needs a home and
friends more than does a man, and one
curse of the theatrical profession is that
Its members during the Ions years they
are struggling 1 for fame and success are
and must be homeless. .Now, If your cul
tivated intelligence is worth $1000 a year
to any community, you will find a desir
able home, and desirable friends In that
community. Your chances for happtness
Next week comes Leonora Jackson, the
famous young violinist, of whom we have
more than common right to-be proud, as
she is a Callfornlan. Truly, indeed, are
the gods gracious to us just now!
Another American who returns from tri
umphs in Europe is Sousa, who to-night
begins an engagement at the Alhambra
Theater. The following programme will
be given: y,«y.
Overture. "Kaiser" Westmeyer
Trombone eolo, "The Patriot" (new) Pryor
. Arthur Pryor.
"Caprieclo Itallen" (new) Tschalkowgky
Soprano solo, "Maid of the Meadow" (new).
, Sousa
Miss Blanche I>unield.
Grand ecene and ensemble, "Andrea Che
¦ nler" (new) ..' Giordano
Ball scenes Czibulka
(a) Serenade, "Rococo" (oew)..Meyer-Helmund
(b) "Hail to the Spirit of Liberty" (new)..
Sousa
(Composed for the dedication of the Lafayette
monument. Parl*. July 4. 13G0.)
Violin eolo, "Adagio and Moto Perpetuum".
Rles
MIS3 Bertha llucklin.
Czardas. "Rltter Pajman" (n««w) 1
Johann S t rauss
* • •
Godowsky's first programme of the
three recitals to be given on Tuesday,
Wednesday and Friday, afternoons at
Sherman-Clay Hall is as follows:
Twelve Sjrrnphonlc Studies Schumann
Pa rat and e. op. 12, JCo. 1; Courante, op. 12.
No. 3; Jlo.o Perpetuo, op. 13 Godowsky
Eclogue; At the Spring; Concert Study, F
minor Liszt
Scberzo, op. 4 <K flat minor) Brahms
Sonata, op. £3 <B minor)..... Chopin
Paraphrases on Chopin Studies Godowsky
(a) Op. 10. No. 1 tC minor); (b) Op. 10.
No. 2 (A minor); (c) Op. 10, No. Z (P
major); (d) Op. £5. No. 8 <in sixths):
<p) Op. 10, Nw. 7 (C minor transcribed
In G flat); (f)vOp. 10, No. 5, and Op. 25,
No. 9, combined in one; (g) Contrapun
tal Paraphrases on Weber's "Invitation
to the Dance" Godowsky
And now Godowsky: From the ruck of
criticism from all quarters of this player's
work, from Berlin to I»s Angeles, where
he has played during the la*t week, three
features stand out pre-eminently— the
profound impression as a technician that
Godoweky has made, an equally strong
Impression as a poet of his instrument
and th© apparently perfect equilibrium
maintained between the two. Ho has been
praised by the critics of Berlin, that city
of critics.
Emlle Barrangon, the young Callfornlan
tenor who has been well heard in many
places about the city of late, and for
whom all kinds of good things are proph
esied, will leave San Francisco shortly to
fulfill a sixteen weeks' engagement in
Philadelphia with the Glrard Opera Com
pany. He goes to take leading parts in
"Cavallerla Rustlcana," "The Beggar
Student," "Pagliacci," "The Fencing
Master," "Chimes of Normandy" and
other standard operas, ajid besides his
traveling expenses will get $300 a month,
which might be much worse for a com
parative novice. It is Interesting to know
that Mr. Barrangon's engagement came
about through his being heard at the
Oberon during the last two weeks by
Maxim de Grosz. the musical manager of
Miss Kathryn . Kidder. D© Grosz tele
graphed his discovery to the Glrard peo
ple, who immediately engaged the young
tenor.
to consideration. One among those who
have been fortunate enough to receive en
couragement at Mr. Hen3cnel's hands is
a charming, and only daughter of his,
Miss Helen Henschel, who the other day
made a most successful Informal debut
as a vocalist in Boston. Miss Henschel,
not yet IS, also plays well on the piano,
is a worthy pupil of Knelsel on the violin,
speaks two or three languages and Is pret
ty as a picture to boot.
THE police investigation has so far revealed nothing tangible in the way of police corrup
tion, but' it has revealed much that is disreputable in political intrigue and of the ways' in
which political ambition is made to serve the corrupt and improper purposes of men and
Mayor Phelan is so far the star witness. His admissions throw a strong retroactive light
upon his public career, and explain his summary dismissal of Biggy from the Police Commission
and many other acts that have excited public wonder. The scene was memorable. The Mayor of
the greatest city on the Pacific Coast of the three Americas when asked to explain the motives
of the newspaper^to which he owes' his election answered "they are malicious."
Then followed the most remarkable revelation that a public officer has ever made to an in
vestigating body. Describing the support given to' his ambition by the Examiner he said, "We
got along very well together until I was elected Mayor under the charter.""
This is entirely credible, because up to that point the Mayor had neither power nor patron
age. His newspaper supporter had directed the charter making so as to give him both. It then
advocated the charter from the supposed standpoint of the public interest. The Mayor was sup
posed to advocate it for the same reason. But by his testimony it appears that he had contracted
a personal political debt to the Examiner which .he could not pay unless a new charter put the
means of payment into his hands. So we have the strangely interesting spectacle of a political
debtor and creditor combining to change the form of a city's government, .and increase the cost
of its administration, in order that the debtor might pay the creditor in public power and patron
age the debt contracted in the gratification of his ambition!
We are of the opinion that in all the history of American politics nothing worse than this
has appeared. There have been bargains before, and men ambitious of public distinction have
given that well understood promise to pay which goes with such bargains. But never before has
the scheme involved a costly revolution in the form of government' in order that the debtor might
seize the public assets needed to satisfy his importunate creditor. The Mayor's admissions are
expository of the one-man government provided by the charter, and explain the various "air-tight
cinches" made possible under that. instrument.
The Mayor continued that the Examiner "wanted to run San Francisco"; and why not?
The arrangement between this political debtor and his creditor was for {hat purpose. The debt
began in 1896, as the Mayor explained, and not only was the interest compounded, but the
principal was increased in 1898 and 1899.
The Mayor then told in detail the public assets demanded by his creditor in payment of
the debt which was the price of his gratified ambition. His creditor wanted control of the Police
and Fire departments, and it demanded of him also the defeat of Judge Daingerfield, as notice to
Judges not to decide against it. He said: "There is no truth in the story of a compact, but it was
understood I was to grant favors to the Examiner, and Esola was its candidate for Chief, of
The Mayor then explained that he tried to promote Esola and to earn' out the "under
standing" in other ways, but the hostility of the other papers made it impossible. As a debtor he
refused to pay his creditor out of the assets put into his hands by the new charter which both had
advocated under a pretense of public spirit. He left it plain that if the other papers had kept
silent no moral considerations would have restrained him from carrying out the "under
standing" — a word which he prefers to "compact."
If he will go to the dictionary he will find that he has juggled with synonyms in vain, for he
will find "compact" defined as "an agreement," and "an agreement" as "an understanding," and
"understanding" as "mutually understood and agreed upon."
So when he admits that there was an "understanding" with his political creditor, he admits
an. "agreement," and when he admits, an "agreement" he admits a "compact." No matter at which
end of the labyrinth of terms his reputation enters, it emerges marked with a compact, which
caused a revolution in the system of government in San Francisco and impinged thereon conse
quences of great gravity not yet visible, j i .
These admissions explain why this debtor and creditor implored the people to put the char
ter "in the hands of its friends." Unless the debtor were elected Mayor the whole plan would
fail. And when he was elected it failed because his nerve failed and he dared not face the other
papers! ...
It is an interesting revelation, and eclipses entirely the original purpose of the in
vestigation, * .
Not least among his services to music,
Mr. Henschel regards the fact that in
the course of a long career of teaching
he has succeeded in dissuading no fewer
than yw aspirants after vocal honors from
undertaking the study of singing. At
leapt. in a short gossip with him the other
day. that was the fact upon which he
seemed to lay moEt stress as his chief claim
All around these artists are people to
be heard, by teacher and student of sing
ing and other musicians alike, their de
lightful repertoire including the best song
literature of this day and of the ancients.
One small feature of the recitals which
has added much to their enjoyment Is the
programme, which contains the words of
every song sung, done into English in
case of German. French or Italian sonsrs.
The remaining thre<» recitals are set for
Monday evening. Wednesday afternoon
and Thursday evening.
OF your charity, rood artist
strangers in the town, be a lit
tle lenient with us this week, if
all the admirable —ares you
proffer find but a elack market.
Of citie* we are. like the famous house
maid's baby, "only a very 1-ttle one"'
comparatively ppeakin,?, and how we arc
to support adequately all the fine things
you offer for our programme of pleasure
This Valentine's week is more than I can
see. The divine Sarah and M. Coquelin,
oometfian of comedians; the incompara
able Mrs. Flpke; Leopold Godowcky,
perhaps the world's jrreatest pianist: tho«e
admirable artists the Hcncht's; and last,
but not least, Sousa and his famous band
—truly an embarrassment of riches. Not
that these are not all right royally wel
come, and If only we were — ossessed of
The inexhauftihle ruble right willingly
would we Fpend our mbstanc? upon them;
but the first of the month has a dull, per
sistent fashion of arriving steadily with
Its bourgeois bills of butcher and baker,
and, though artists come and artists go,
our daily bread we must have. Granted
that we have' a somewhat gross notion
of the significance of the phrase, and that
man shall not live bv bread alone, but
by tho things cf beauty which God ha*
piven him ears to hear and eyes to see.
and heart, brain and hands to love, un
derstand and create, yet Is the 5-cent
"white or graham" the foundation for the
onjoyment of all these, and. r-aterialistie
or no. must come first. What one can
most profitably invest in for the good of
bis fouI Is for each personally to decide
for himself, that which may best be sacri
ficed, but thouph each may obtain some
wViere "a penny apiece to see a fine
f-how." the common exchequer will hardly
permit the substantial support of three
Oodowsky recitals, three Henschel reci
tals, eight Sousa concerts, and Bern
hardt and Mrs. Fiske r.ll In one week. Our
l»enr.ied population is not sufficiently
large, and each of these attractions prac
tically draws upon the same clientele, so
that with the best intent In the world.
6nme among these artists are bound to
suffer from the unfortunate continuity of
dates. But we must e'en do me best we
can, remembering always that these
etranger-people have in their gift some of
the richest memories of a lifetime, and
they in turn must credit us with all tae
will In the world to do their service Jus
tice. If our power, as it must, falls short
of any great performance. • '
• • •
Of the last week the Henschel recitals
have been easily first among musical at
tractions. Finished, and fastidiously per
fect as ever is the art of these clever
eir.gcr*. rousing anew admiration of the
excellent results attained with originally
unpromising vocal material. Mrs. Hen
echel's is a "made voice." possessing even
now only a thin sweetness of tone, but the
delightful refinement of her method, ths
delicacy of her nuances, her faultless
phrasing, her fin© clearness of enuncii-* •
tlon, her most thoroughly artistic inter
pretations, all contribute to a highly pleas
ing result. But it Is the art that appeals;
the voice Itself has no heart-touching
quality, no warmth or resonance, no va
riety of tone; the more remarkabla there
for* th© unquestioned beauty of th©
achieved result.
A musician par excellence Is Georg
Henschel: his accompaniments only. In
their exquisite sympathy, as far removed
from the colorless servility of one school
cf accompaniment as from th© impertl
rer.t predominance of another, a sufficient
offering at the hands of one man. Every
accompaniment Is played from memory,
both for his own and Mrs. Henschel's
•tones, an extraordinary achievement
¦when the extent of these artists' reper
toire Is considered. He modulates in fa
cile and musicianly fashion from one song
to another. Improvises at need with ut
moPt ease, and In all ways shows himself
a thoroughly competent artist. In his
Flnging. perhaps Mr. Henschel's most
marked characteristic, after the admitted
technical «klll of his •work, is his power
cf getting what may be called the "local
atmosphere" of a song, the unique spirit
and sense of It. It is an extraordinary
development of the descriptive faculty,
dramatic power, if you will, as In Its less
polf-consclous phases It easily becomes,
and the limitations of his voice are for
frotten in the pictures so clearly painted.
Indeed, as I look over this plain little
talk, as I think of what theatrical life
exposes ycu to— dangers by earth, air, fire
and flood, perils by morning, noon and
eve. Incessant traveling, unpaid sal
aries, bad hotels, enforced association,
with uncongenial company— as I think of
these things I wonder that you or any
other sane woman should ever want to go
upon the stage and that I should ever do
anything but vehemently attempt to dis
suade you. But when I remember, on the
other hand, that some of the best and
cleverest women In the world hava been
actresses, when I reflect that the most
charming man I have ever known Is an
actor, why, then I say: If so It must bo
with you, so let It be, and God prosper
you! ¦¦¦'' ¦¦•-
Never make the , mistake of beginning
In San Francisco or in any place br.t
New York. That Is the headquarters for
everything theatrical; there live the
teachers, the authors, the managers— all
the people you must know if you are to
advance In your profession. If you can
not begin in New York, stay home.
Well. now. we will suppose you have all
the qualities named. How shall you bf
gln? Go to New York and enter ther*
one cf the dramatic schools. Many old
actors will sneer and flout at this advice;
that Is because these schools did not exist
In their day. Had they existed, these
dear men mij?ht have' learned In them to
speak grammatically off the. stage and
with correct elocution on the stage— which
is what many of them cannot do. Go you
to school then and learn the elements
of your art, as the lawyer has to learn
In the law school the elements of his
profession and the physician In the me*l
ical school the elements of his.
Three or four thousand a year: that
pounds like a snug little sum, doesn't It?
Yes. but when you are receiving that sal
ary you can hardly spend less than a
quarter of it. and you may have to spend
half of It, on stage dresses. And how
long do you think you can hold a posi
tion that pays that much? Fifteen year*
at the most; for then you will be super
seded by a younger and more beautiful
woman. "Well, but Grandma Berr.
hardt " Ah. but you are not a Bern
hardt: not even a Itehnn"
will be ten timfs greater. I think, than if
you went upon the st.isje.
If you are not worth to the world the
sura I have named, or if your drawing to
the stage is too strong to be resisted,
think what you must have If you wcul<l
attain any success worth attaining, anil
by "success worth attaining" I mean the
prospect of making $SM> or JW> ii >var
after five or six years of hard work com
bined with untold and untenable annoy
ances. You must have youth, beauty, tal
ent, good health, unconquerable persever
ance and at least two year?" special prep
aration for your work. Have you all
these? Then ycu may at least dare to
take a hand In the preat same for pubtlc
approval that Is constantly being piayp.i
on the stafie. Have you only some or non-»
of these? Th»n stay home.
PHELAN'S DEALS IN POLITICS.
By Blanche Partington.
FOR MUSIC DEVOTEES
THE BILL IS VARIED
By L. Du Pont Syle.
CHANCES AND CHANGES
OF THEATRICAL LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISUO " (3ALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. S^ECKELS. Proprietor. Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
SUNDAY. ...•.••••• : ..........FEBRUARY io. iqoi
Publication Office *^^^^^ • Market and Third, S. F.
18
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Oc*ra-hou«e— "Shamus O'Brien. **
Alhambra— Souaa'a Concerts.
Alcazar— "Judah. "
California— "Ters of th» CUrbM-vines." to-
morrow nlcht.
Columbia— Benefit of the Charity Fund of th«
Theatrical Mechanics* Association, tola after-
noon.
Columbia— "Macbeth."
TlvoII— "Xell Gwynne."
Central— "A Daughter of the Million."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Olym?la. corner Mason and Eddy streets-*.
Specialties.
Fl»oh*r' s— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Henschels* Recital to-
morrow evening.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evenlnj.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Juvenil* Exhibition. Sat-
urday evening. February M.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital. Tuesday
afternoon. February 12.
Union CouraiRj Park— Coursing- to-day.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By Win. O. Laynr— Monday. February U_
Horses and Mule*, at IZi. Howard street.
Choice cuDdleg.TowTisencl'a. Palace Hotel.*
Cal. place frcit 50c per Ib at Townsend*a,"
ValenUnes for old and young; the beat
we have ever shown. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
Best eyeglasses, specs. 15c to 40c Look
but for 81 4th, front of barber and grocery.*
Special Information supplied daCy to
business bouse* and public men by thm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 iloot*
gomery sc Telephone Main 1042. • .
There are 16.000 islands b«twe«n
irascar and India. So far aa known a*
present only 600 of them are Inhabited.
Go to the Inaugnratlon.
The Santa Fe ¦win make excursion rates tnm
California points to TVa§hlngton and return on
the occasion of the relnauguraUon of President
McKJnley. March 4th. The tickets will be sold,
on February 24th and 15th and will b« rood to
return, starting from Washington, not later
than March 8th. West of Chicago, however, ths
tickets will h» good until March 25th. Th«»«
tickets will tie honored on the California Lim-
ited.
I HiliilinBirv/ nliiiiiiS'^SBM^m!
SO STYLES, I
Every Leather, Every Slza and Every if
Width. fj
SOROSIS SHOES FOR WOMEN
ROYAL SHOES FOR MEM. i
G/jfj&tP/KsrstP THIRD ST. [
VJ mff KW y S»cood Sno<*tor« M
.... - vT "IIWiupii -*"^ From Markat St. |jLawrence Irving Scott to Wed Miss Caro Crockett— Colonel
Walter S. Martin and Miss Mary Scott Betrothed.
ANNOUNCEMENT OP TWO NOTABLE
ENGAGEM ENTS 5U RPRISES SOC IETY
PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 9. — The young son
of M. A. Lehy of LOrdsburg, N. Mex.. fell
Into a bathtub to-day and was drowned.
There was only two Inches of water ln
the tub. The boy fell face downward and
was unable to rise.
Drowns in a Bathtub.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 9.— The Farmers'
Institute, conducted by Professor Fowler
of the State University, at Armory Hall
to-day was fairly well attended. A num
ber of interesting papers were rpad,
among- them being one by Luther Bur
bank, the "wizard."
Sonoma Fanners' Institute.
leased him Instead. A warrant wan sworn
out for Williams' arrest. He was re
leased on 5500 bail and will be tried before
Police Judge Price. Williams claims that
he did not unlock tho prisoner's cell, but
the man who accompanied him says that,
though he urged him not to, Williams did
turn the key and release the prisoner.
Williams is a son of the late H. I... Wil
liams, who founded Summerland and ac
quired wealth in that oil Held.
Santa Barbara Oil Promoter Arrested
cn a Charge of Jail
Delivery.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 9.— H. L. Wil
liams, an oil promote^, was arrested to
day, charged with Jail delivery- La st
night a drunk named Ruiz was lodged ln
the City Jail. As he was not a desperate
criminal and probably would be turned
loose ln the morning the Jailer left the
key in the door and stepped Into an ad
joining room, leaving the police office for
the time unoccupied. Later when he re
turned to the office the prisoner's cell was
open. The Chief of Police was called and
after a search Ruiz was found ln the
neighboring block. He asked to be locked
up again, but could not tell who let him
out.
It developed later that Williams and
another man had gone to the police sta
tion to bail out Ruiz, but finding no one
about and the key In the door they re-
FliLZS A DRUNKEN
MAN FROM PRISON
BOERS VIOLENTLY ATTACK
BRITISH POST AT BOTHWELL
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 9.— General French
has occupied Emerlio, in the Transvaal.
Six thousand Boers retired. The Boers
violently attapked Smith-Dorrlen's outpost
at Bothwell, February 6, but were driven
back with heavy loss.
HERSCHEL, Cape Colony. Feb. 8.— A
deserter from General Dewet's forces
avers that he treats his men cruelly and
frequently sjamboks them. The deserter
was arrested by the Boers after ha had
surrendered to the British and was given
twenty-five lashes. Many Boers are de
serting.- President Steyn and General De
wet personally shoulder rifles.
CRADOCK, Cape Colony, Feb. 9.— Boer
raiders are nine miles from Graaf Reinet.
and ace also ln the neighborhood of. Ros
mead.
TJtfTEHESTS TH K COAST.
Fostofflce and Army Changes and
Pensions Issued.
¦WASHINGTON. F^eb. 9.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— John J. West,
Willows; James H. Truesdale, Cholame.
Appointed: Oregon— S. E. Martin, Mer
rill. Klamath County, vice H.'E. Smith,
resigned.
Washington— R. 8. Hansbarger, Burley,
Kltsap County; Harry Senders, Echo,
Stevens County: Bird Brawder. Marshall.
Spokane County; J. Y. "Waldrip. New Ka
mllche. Mason County; Iver Johnson, fiil
vana, Snohomlsh County.
Pensions issued: California— Increase-
Patrick D. Nolan, San Francisco. J17;
Timothy O'Sullivan. San Francisco. $8.
Oregon — Increase — John A. Tracy, Ash
land. $10; John N. Stark. Albany, $10.
Washington— War with Spain, widow-
Elizabeth Newnham (mother), Humptu
lips. J12.
• Naval orders, Asiatic station: Comman-
der F. P. "Gllmore to> the command of th»
Glacier; Ensign W. P. Cronan detached
from the Nashville to the Princeton; En
sljam A. T. Graham detarhed from tha
Princeton to the Glacier; Naval Cadet J.
K. Tausslg- detached from the Nashvllla
to the Culgroa; Assistant Surgeon C. P.
Bags detached from the Cavlte station to
Culgoa; Assistant Surgeon A. R. Al
fred detached from Culgoa to tha Cavlta
station. .
Half-WItted Boy Missing.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 9.-Ralph Beckwlth. a
half-witted boy. residing near Loa Gatos,
mysteriously disappeared last Thursday,
and bis family has been unable to find any
trace of htm. He Is 20 years old and Is the
son of N. E. Beckwlth. The boy had %on*
to a field to watch some men work, and
shortly before noon started for the house.
That was the last seen of him. He can
not speak more than a half-dozen words.
The boy is light complexioned and worn
a dark-colored suit, an old straw bat and
cloth shoes.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 9.— The funeral of
Charles Ilohmann. who for nineteen.- years
has resided In this city,: was held this
afternoon from the family home on Mis
sion Hill. The services at the house were
conducted by. the Arion Singing Society
and at the cemetery by ¦ Madrona Grove
of the "United Ancient Order of Druids,
of which order deceased was a past arch.
Funeral of Charles Hohmanru
Captain Ben Benson, one of the foremost
river pilots on the coast, was committed
to the Stockton Insane Asylum yesterday
by Judge Sloss. The river navigator, who
guided many of the first steam craft from
San Francisco to Sacramento and Stock
ton, was brought ln from the Marine Hos
pital, where he had been a patient ; for
some time. Reverses caused the dethrone
ment of Captain Benson's reason.
Captain Benson Declared Insane.
A committee consisting of Colonel C. H.
Murphy, Mrs. Frag and T. H. McCarthy,
representing the schoolteachers of this
city, had a conference with the Mayor
and Supervisors Jennings and Tobln of
the Finance Committee yesterday for the
purpose of arranging for the payment of
teachers' salary claims for November and
December. 1898, made possible by the
adoption of the fifteenth amendment to
the State constitution. The city officials
present expressed themselves in sympathy
with the claims of the teachers, and as
soon as some legal points are decided by
the City Attorney steps will be taken to
liquidate the demands.
To Pay Teachers Back Salaries.
Absent Left forward Shaw
WoIHb ........Left forward Hunter
J. D. Robertson, formerly seceretary of
the Vampires, officialo-l as umpire.
Association Football Match.
Tho Vampires of this city played a
match game of association football yes
terday against the Oakland Wanderers on
the Presidio athletic grounds. As the
Oaklandera were two men short, two of
the Vampires withdrew. Substitutes were
obtained as goal-keepers, and Hunter, of
the Oakland eleven, played during the
first half only. Tho kick-off took place
a few minutes before 4 o'clock, and the
only goal obtained durlngr the play was
kicked by Hunter, tho Oaklanders thus
winning: one goal to nothing. The teams
were as follows:
Vampires. Positions. Oaklands.
Substitute Ooalkeeper Substitute
Turner Fullback Von Helm
FMhcrlck Fullback Tierney
Wilding Halfback Warren
DuKgan Halfback Baker
Absent Halfback Absent
Jiuckley Rljrht forward Bird
i:ishop RlKht forward. ...Williamson
Casldy. ...Center Berry
Athletic Club Banquet.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 9.— The San Rafael
Athletic Club held its fifth annual ban
quet ln the clubrooms in the Wllkins
building this evening. The gymnasium
was beautifully decorated and tables filled
its entire length. T. J. Lennon acted as
toastmaster. Toasts were responded to
by W. S. Dreypolcher, Dr. W. J. Wick
man. J. K. Hawkins. E. Hayden. Fred
Carroll, Dr. G. F. Rodden and other*.
Winter Sports Begin.
STOCKHOLM. Feb. 9.— The Interna
tional northern winter sports were openel
to-day. King Oscar was present. A large
number of foreigners were ln attendance.
There are great festivities In conectlon
with the meeting.
Conklin Defeats Mial.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— In the billiard
championship tournament to-night C. F.
Conklin of Chicago defeated Dr. L.. L.
Mial of New York, 400 to 399.
Is Restrained From Entering Volod
yovski and Other Horses in
Race- or Selling 1 Them.
I.OXDOX, Feb. 9. — Justice Grantham
granted an injunction against Lady Wil
liam Beresford (formerly Lillian, Duchess
of Marlborough) entering or running ln
any races, or selling the derby favorite,
Volodyovskl. or other horses leased b-^- tha
late Lord William Berfsford from Lady
Meux. As executrix Lady Beresford
claimed the right to fulfill the engage
ments of the horses. I^ady Meux contend
ed that the lease lapsed with tne death of
Lord Beresford. Notice of appeal was
given.
Clark Handicap Established.
LOUISVILLE, Feb. 9.— The name of M.
Lewis Clark lg not lo be dropped from
the books of the now Louisville Jockey
Club. It was decided at the close of the
last racing season not to continue the
Clark stakes after this year, but numer
ous protests Induced the board of di
rectors to reconsider the matter and i:
was decided to run the Clark stakes as
usual this year. The stake will be called
the Clark handicap, to bo worth not less
than $3000 or $4000, and to which all ages
will be eligible. _
INJUNCTION ISSUED
AGAINST LADY BEBESFOED
When the Britishers saw it they were
indignant and without any diplomatic in
tercourse war was declared. America re
sponded with alacrity and. a hot fist battle
ensued. -.¦¦¦¦.- -
A thoughtless young American was tlu %
cause of the trouble. Ho did not realize
the significance of his" act when he plnneJ
the Stars and Stripes to the English flag
staff. -
SEATTLE. Feb. 9.— The Bight of the
Stars and Stripes waving over a school
house at Dawson, Northwest Territory,
ln the King's domain, was the cause of
a pitched battle between young America
on one side and the youthful adherents of
Edward VII nn- the other. The resu'*
from a physical standpoint appears io
havo been a draw.. The matter wna taken
up by the American Consul and after a
thorough investigation a settlement was
reached satisfactory to all concerned. ••••
Schoolhouse.
International Combat at a Dawson
YOUNG AMERICA VS. BRITONS.
No hljr gold discoveries have been made
during the -winter, and not a great deal of
work of any kind has been performed.
Prices orf all commodities remain neurly
as low as they were last autumn, with no
apparent Indications of a rise. The gen
eral supply Is abundant for the needs of
th« camp. i..; ¦ , :
The presence of many crooks Is evident
from the number of robberies and petty
crimes. The almost capital crime of rob
bing caches is of frequent occurrence. It
even has been necessary to place guards
on the coal piles. Private "grub" caches
also have been disturbed.
According to this carrier the winter at
Nomp has been a cold, desolate one, with
conslflerable suffering and not a little
want among those who were ill prepared
for the lone siege. The -cold, stinging
winds off the ocean penetrated the thin
houses as though they were made of
paper.
SEATTLE, Feb. 9.— The first advices
from Cape Nome since the close of navi
gation were received at Skaguay In a spe
cial dispatch from Dawson on February
e. The advices were brought to Dawson
by a mail carrier.
Mining District.
Suffering and Want in the Northern
The Tanana miners says that they and
others on Tanana had plenty of gold and
would gladly pay almo3t any price for
enough flour to permit them to work the'r
claims this winter. People at Circle
have been uinable to ascertain why the
transportation companies did not leave
larger supplies there last fall.
WINTER HARDSHIPS AT NOME.
This wai? not permitted, the people at
Circle saying that they woold endeavor
to feed such Tanana miners as came over
to Circle, but they could not endanger
their own lives by permitting flour to be
shipped out.
During December several men arrived
from Tanana River, 200 miles across the
Yukon flats, and begged for the privilege
of taking a few sacks of flour back with
them.
TACOMA. Feb. 9.— E. T. Barnett. who
arrived from Dawson last night, having
mutle tho trip out in thirteen clays,
brought further details of the flour short
age in Circle City and the new mining
district on Tanana River. He left Circle
City in December. Eight hundred peo
ple were wintering there with scarcely
enough flour to last them through the
season.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fortune Seekers in the Ta
nana District Face
Starvation. .
PLENTY OF GOLD
BUT NO FLOUR
In Chicago the new Bnow coming on
top of the foot that fell last Sunday
formed drifts in the suburbs that made
street travel there almost impossible.
The total fall of snow was the heaviest
here for several years.
cago were from fifteen minutes to two
liours late. Heports early to-day showed
heavy snow extending from Duluth down
the Mississippi Valley to St. Louis, while
eastward the storm was covering Ohio
with snow. South of St. Louis it was
raining hard.
sulted. Andrew J. Swltzer, a railway
switchman, was instantly killed by a
Grand Trunk ensinp. Swltzer was facini;
the storm and did not hear the bell. Al
vin Carson was also run down and badly
mangled while inspecting air brakes on
a I^ake Shore passenger train.
On the South Side Elevated Railway a
collision occurred on a curve at Sixty
third ptreet whirh derailed two cars and
caused a panic amoncr the passengers, but
no one was seriously injured.
Trains on all roads centering in Chi-
CHICAGO. Feb. 9.— Seven inches of
snow fell In Chicago during the storm
tvhlch started yesterday afternoon and
raped until this morning:, resulting *n an
almost complete tie-up of many of the
cross-town oar lines and seriously Inter
rupting the suburban train service on nil
roads. So blinding was the fine snow,
•when driven by the northeast wind, which
at times reached a velocity of over forty
miles an hour, that many accidents re-
SNOWSTORM CAUSES ACCIDENTS
AND LOSS OF LIFE IN CHICAGO
will be no delightful surprise to go with
it.
Tho engagement of Miss Mary Scott and
Colonel Walter S. Martin, although dls-
cussed during the afternoon, was formally
announced at a dinner Riven last evening
at the home of the fiancee. Miss Mary
Scott, who is to maks Walter Martin th»
happiest of men, is the only daughter cf
Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott. Ever since
her debut two seasons aco she has been
extremely popular in the exclusive circle
In which she moves, .iliss Ceott was one
of the attendants eff Miss Mary Crocker
when she became ths bride of Mr. Harri
son. Colonel Martin 4s the second son of
Mrs. Eleanor Martin. He Is a Park Com
missioner, an officer en the Go%'ernor*3
staff, a member of the Burlinrame Club
and of the Bohemian Club. He is rich,
in his own right, much of his money com
ing to him by Inherita'ice.
Lawrence Irving Scott, the fiance of
Miss Crockett, is the son of Mr. and Mrs.
Irving Scott and the cousin of Miss Mary
Scott. Miss Crockett is the only child of
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett.' With
Miss Scott, Miss Crockett was one of the
attendants at the Harrison-Crocker wed
ding.
W. Worthen, resided here. Both had mar
ried and were blessed with a goodly sup
ply of riches. Hoyt turned over J2000 to
Mrs. Stark for' the care of his wife and
himself during their lives. Things went
charmingly until the death of Mrs. Hoyt.
Shortly afterward Hoyt concluded ho
wanted to marry again. He applied to a
Chicago matrimonial bureau tor a wife.
Hoyt gave a glowing description of a
country home ho ciainied to own. He rep
resented he w&s worth $23,uOO and had tine
carriages and servants galore. He was
considered a "good thing" and a wife
was soon found for him In the person of
a buxom widow named Mariam J. Chand- ;
ler. She was 50 years of age and Hoyt 82.
She arrived here from Chit-ago on Janu
ary 31, l&yy, and the next day they were
married. t
Mrs. Stark had moved to Palo Alto to
educate her daughter at Stanford Univer- '
slty. Hoyt had been left in charge of the
home near here. The lirst the daughters
knew of their father's marriage was when
Mrs. Stark returned and found her father
and his newly wedded wife in possession
of her home. Mrs. Stark objected to this
extra burden being added to the family,
but finally decided to make the better of
a bad bargain. A hundred dollars a
month was demanded from Mrs." Stark by I
the aged couple for their support. This
she refused. Afterward she is said to
have discovered the new Mrs. Hoyt in
toxicated On several occasions and finally
the stepmother. Mrs. Hoyt, stole all of
the silverware in the house and sold it.
This was more than Mrs. Stark would
stand and she put her stepmother out of
the house. Hoyt went with her.
Hoyt then sued his daughter for the
money he had given her and obtained
judgment, but had not realized on it be
fore his death. He took up his abode In
an old shanty that was not fit for human
habitation. There he lived on the poorest
food and cooked out of doors in sight of
his daughters' homes. When he became
sick he was bundled off to the County
Hospital. j
SAN JOSE, Feb. 9.— Th« death ofJede
diah T. Hoyt at the County Hospital yes
terday recalls a romance in an old man's
life which brought much family trouble
and cut him off from a good home and
his children. He was S3 years old at the
tUne of his death, which resulted from
pneumonia brought on by exposure and
lack of eare.
In 1&90 Hoyt and his wife came to Cali
fornia from New Hampshire to make
their home with a daughter, Mrs. Juliette
II. Stark. Another daughter, Mrs. George
Deprived of His Home After Obtain
ing a Wife Through the Me
dium of a Matrimonial
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Summons Comes to Jedediah
T. Hoy t, Who Was a
Bridegroom at 82.
DEATH ENDS OLD
MAN'S ROMANCE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 1O; 1901. cn
TWO YOUNG COUPLES OF THIS
CITY WHO HAVE PLIGHTED
THEIR TROTH.
THERE was gossip galore for ths
tea tables yesterday afternoon,
whentheengagcment of Miss Mary-
Scott and Colonel Walter S. Mar
tin and also that of I^awrenoo Irv
in»? Scott an<I Miss Caro Crockett
were announced. There -were any
numbers of belles and beaux ready with
their "I told you so" when the Scott -
Crockett betrothal was mentioned, but the
Martin-Scott engagement was the greatest
kind of a surprise to their many friends.
The Scott-Crockett engagement pot ou:
before the. family of she interested youn^
people wisht-d it to, out they accepted tll9
situation gracefully. They had hoped to
make the pleasant announcement at a lit
tle tea which will bo given this afternoon
at the Crockett residence. However, the
little bird that alwavs hears and tel!3
whispered the joyful news, and while th..?
tea will take place tr>!s afternoon, there
19
MISCELLANEOUS.
Fattnsjen's big business, their wor.der-
ful expansion in the face of trusts and
< •mblnes. i ev«r more pronounced
than it now ls=. Even in the dullest month
ei the year, when the fir>! wock was a
delude, the Recond wr,k not much better
i.nd in the third week every day was at
least sucp< nine of discomfort.
\Vh< n you reflect, under such conditions.
that last month's business showed an in-
creese of »» per of nt over the correspond-
Ir.c: month of l;i=t >>>ar. you are indeed apt
to inquire Into the cause? which produce
Etich results-a tiiunderous business.
T<i wlinm is credit due? All credit is
ri-je to the imollipence of the rn?ople «jf
California and their appreciation of Pat-
toslcn's enterprise; perseverance and hon-
es' V.
N < rnatter how frifted a merchant may
\ r : no matter how puperinr to those
Brtraad him in the furniture . and carpet
trado: ?.o n'.:*.Tt( r how natural his instincts
to secure roods of not only necessity, hut
Blso if utility rnd beautT. sti'l if it wer«
jx.t that tie great rr.asr, of people realized
that ho was :m honest man. that when
he- premised tr, cut prices be cut them
practically, an.l that when he gave credit
[•e >:id po vithout discrediting 'the ;>uycr.
his puccesr. could not have been F'» rapid
fsnd rot so secure. ICo secret lure' plain
(imiresi tell the price on every article, and
¦this price guaranteed the lowest In Han
Frar.risco. Pattoslen Fays: '"We'll make
1* for the interest of anybody who wants
furniture and carpets to buy them here
<Jurinsr this srreal <hall«nsre sale."
«;orr.cr Fixteenth and Mission streets.
Or.ks From Acorns Grow.
The Month of January. 1901, Wit-
nsssed th» Most Stupendous
Trading for Many
Years.
Ucst Remarkable Carpet
and Furniture Business
in San Francisco.
J SUCCESSFUL S6LE
Th*' following named havo been ln-
Ftallrd as thp offlcvrF tnf the Clara de
Illrsch IJoncfirial Society for tho rurrent
f»rm: I>avi<1 Cohen, prraldent: S. Zokirid,
president; R. Shipper, treasurer: H.
Berilner, wcretary: R. T;shl<^r. puldf>; L.
Goldherp, S. Kalifky a:ui M. Newman,
trustee?.
Clara de Hirsch Society.
AD VEBrTISEanBNTS.
I The sale of Gloves is the most important item in |
i this ad. It means a wonderful saving to you. You
| can well afford to get half a dozen pairs or more.
| Read about them. t
I Then there's news of new goods and ihe telling
II of new arrival?; hints cn styles between the lines,
| and several special savin ;s. e
1 Tis a store talk of interest ! I
*4 A maker of probably the best dollar glove in the world h
1 to-dav was lefr, by an unfortunate turn of trade events, vj
I with So dczsn pair on his hands. We telegraphed a price p
I and he accepted the relief. The gloves came in last week fej
H and go on sale to morrow. Tan*, brown*, p,
H red and mode, in sizes 53 to ?\. Two-clasp. o . n
h embroidered back. A most excellent glove. * t/w HaiP |
| Sa'c Begins at 8 n. m. p
Art Dep't. Some News, j
I Bureau Scarfs — A pure A Dig line of Wash Silks for g
linen, hand - drawn, hem- Wabtsjast tumbled in. Heavy |
I stitched scarf; a scarf we've corde^ f , ffects ' f* the flr3t |
B . ii- - » time we \e ever had a com- ta
I been selling at $2 each. A p i e te line so early in the season. |
I special to enliven the selling Gold and silver tinsel are all |
a in a popular dt- Off the go in fashion's realm. Every- y
il partment Each <pl»O0 body in the East is wearing j|
II belts, ribbons and trimmings H
9 Tray Cloths to match — of this description. A big line B
a The $1.25 kind for here makes easy choosing. U
I «7vlO The newest thing in Veiling M
I is a double mesh arrangement H
a Linen Doilies — Spoke — a black cheniile dotted B
j hemstitched, stamped or plain. mesh, made over a white il- Fj
1 Pretty little affairs- lusion - ¦ Bi 2 dot s of chenille h
« woven through the two fasten H
m ic-inch, were £1.50 qj- them together. Decidedly fig
|j dczen, now \... t/OL novel. f]
H 12 - inch, were <r>« O^ Other news, but we haven't y
M $1.75 dozen, nowtt>l«^U room to tell it. h
¦ffc - CX
ff*\ m^s b3S tm <fii ' jfjuH o£» iiy^B
I LAST^ WEEK! I
e -v.v ¦¦¦¦ ¦ • o
2 ~~~Ljr^\ Nothing Is reserved. The finest §
O /^^^^Sl CLOAKS, DRESSES. WAISTS and FURS g
% at Extraordinary Reductions. o
"S mB^ *&* THI3 SEASON" 3 KKRSET JACKETS, all illi l!n«fl: wn« A
V t^ff «• T - Sll and $12.50; now #3.."MV?.-» iL
® J^J Sixes » to 49.
a TxaV, THIS SEASON" 9 KERSET JACKETS, all silk lined: wer* $11 S
' an<1 I1J - M: now »«^O g
m /Ac^^Sjjh LONO AXTTO COATS, elecant satin llnlne; were I37.S0; nmr 2
• ' !i THIS SEASON'S TA1L0H-MADE CX.OTH DRESSES. Jackets J
9 \V J jlj silk lined; wera 113; now..... 97.50 •
• I . , II Black and blu« heary cloth RAUTT-I>AT SKIRTS; were »8.W>: •
9 1 N^V 1 • J* FRENCH FLANNEL. "WAISTS, doeskin finish, all colors: •
8 V^^J FUR CAPES AND COLLARETTES. o
• K \ I! BHORT FUR STORJt COUGARS to wear over jackets and ®
9 l\ h I dresMS, In all fashionable furs; were tf.'J> to $10; now V
© }\^\ D $3.23 to «5 •
O \ 'VJJ \ la^ECTRIC BEAI* FTJR CAPES, slain and rich with fln<s 4>
q »> aatin linings; 16 Inches deep; now * 15 ©
© l!-ln.. 91G.SO n-In.. flS O
2 COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED. §
• __ •
• - •
i Positive cure for rhetimatlsm. Formula
sent ucon receipt of SI. Ad. Call, box 1525.*
Nathan-Dohrmann Company announce
for the coming week heavy reductions on
tine French china plates; also a handsome
assortment of jardinieres and stands. •
of railroads.
Offlce. 30 Montgomery street.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iS^E^EOfCTION
FINE FURNITURE
From Early Renaissance to
Colonial Epochs.
Tapestry, Velvets, Damasks,
Lace Curtains and Wall
Coverings.
;C I0 CA PER CENT
Ld d\f DISCOUNT
OLD BRASSES,
Marble Statues, Bronzes,
Italian Jlajoliche and
OIL PAINTINGS
By Famous Matters, such as
C. DETTI. LAZERGES BEAUQUES.VE. MAES
PORTEJE, SIMONETTI. GASPARINI,
SALA. ETC.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
229 Sutter Street,
pptwe^n Grant avenue and Keamy street. S. F.
ss. woira woo tea and herb sanitarium,
764-766 CLAT STREET.
Ban Francisco. Dec. !4, 1909.
W^rSrjk To all whom It may concern:
F In December, 1SSJ. I was taken
I)C 3 (1ck wltn Black Typhoid Fever.
fLZ jf **»e moet virulent type known to
tf-. L medical edence. I bad hemor-
i Ji»v?A rhaees. both nasal and iatestl-
r.al. ticht of the latter o^cur-
>K2^S>7.*lv rtn « ln one dajr - Dr -
•»*».~I»«-*'' Woo, the eminent Chinese phy-
clclan was c*Ued. and wttb one dose of his
tea etopped the flow cf blood, thereby saving
my life, as I had been clvea up by my wh!U
phytlcian. as well as by all my friends. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Won» Woo'i
wonderful skill Ha uved rr.y life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
tny bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation In elx months from the time I went to
bed. and now I welch ?'2 pounds, morn than I
y.a.A ever attained prex-lously. I would cheerfully
recommend Dr. Wong Woo to any one In need
cf a nrrt-^laM physician for any cause wbatio-
#ver.-RALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Golden GaU
ave.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
CS. HALL'S BEINYIGORATORETOSa
Five hundred r^wari for Pny fcA2p"^^
Dssir we cannot rur*. This eecret tf"" '¦"H
rfmefly utops all los«*« 1n 24 hours. B 3
rureo Eml^flonf. Impot<>ncy, Varl- mj^A feiia
m<y|f. Gonorrhooa. Gleet, Kits. Ijlyi CttXll
Ftticturpp. lyrfX. Manhood »n1 all ImJ Wtaj
waiting pffecti of Filf-sbuce cr fSSLJSn
«>xc#sses. Sent sealed. It bottle; 3 ¦•¦¦^¦¦a
rattles J5: jrviarantepd to cure any case. Ad-
*\rr-ra IIALI--S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. SS5
¦Proaflway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10TJH
Market ft., f?. F. All private diseases quickly
nnd. fonA for fr<>» \>rir>k. ~'
Weak Men and Women
SHOLXD fEE DAMUXA BITTERS. THE
creat Mexican remedy; gives health, and
ctrer.gth to c«zual organs. Depot, 222 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
J-C- WILSON & C0m TelephonrMalniSi.
COPPERSMITH.
CH' ClfTT H EhiP I'.'umbinK. Steamboat and
TT - 1 II Ship Work a, specialty. If wd
J» Washington ct. Telephone Main SMI.
FR£SH A?«> SALT MEATS.
fiC PflVPC* TO Bhlpplnjf Butchera. Ut
JA> bUltiawJ- Clay. Tel. Mala 12M.
OILS.
i-UBniCATnco oils. Leonard * kt.t.iw.
418 Front «C. 8. F. Phone Mala 1719.
PRiNTINO.
E C BCG5ES, O1 sa^ffT^ a r.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICES-JUDD CO.,
22 First sL. San Fraretsca.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel^eL bl ° PARTRIDGE ** SSr 1
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
uUellld If LrlE\ lf8L.ll I ilLLi
Send Name and Address To-Day— -You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
L. W. KNAPP. M. D. *
How acy m»n may quickly cur» himself after been extraordinary. It hau cemp*letely braced
yean of »u«tertns from Mxual wtakneis. lo«t Be up. I am just as vlgcrous as when a boy
KSSty. n lch t & "???:!?";¦'?«::;
Urge email weak organs to full size and \ Igor. RMults were exact i y wha t I needed. Btrength
Simply send your name and address to Dr. »j. an{ j vigor have completely returned and en-
W Knapp. 137J Hull building. Detroit. Mich.. Iarcement Is entirely natlsfactory." •
and he -¦utll gladly *er.d the free receipt with "Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
full <Slrectlcn» eo ttat »ny man may easily cure trouble ln making use of the recelDt as directed
blxncrlf at home. This Is certainly a moat and can truthfully fay It Is a boon to weak
generous offer and the following extracts taken men. I am greatly Improved in size, strength
from his dally mall show what men think of and vijror."
his generosity. .'¦'•' • All correspondence Is strictly confidential,
"Dear Sir — Please accept mr sincere thanks mailed In plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
for yours of recent date. I have Riven your is free for the asking acd he wants every man
treat mint a Uwuur'i !«tt t&d UM Us«£t b&s to have itA Sensible Inducement.
Not oil stock, but men's clothing will
be sold to-morrow for almost nothing at
the Assignee Sale of Clothing, 775 Market
street. 500 men's suits, worth $15 to $20
each one of them, for $4.65 ta suit. These
suits are custom made. The material in
them is all wool cheviot, all styles, in
blue, gray, brown and black; fine cassi
mere; various colors, single or double
breasted, round and square cut. All will
go to-morrow for $4.65 a suit at the Cloth-
Ing Assignee Sale of the Boston, 775 Mar
ket street, near Fourth. •
Will Open a Magnificent Pnotograpnlc
Studio in S. P. on His Return.
O. H. Boye, the well-known photogra
pher, left this city last evening for a trip
through Europe.
He goes direct to the art centers of the
world. He will visit England, Germany,
France and- Italy, where the most scien
tific photography and the- most artistic
studios are centered, and upon his return,
about June 1 of- this year, will open a
magnificent studio in the Callaghan build
ing:, now being: erected at Marker and Mc-
Allister streets.
This studio will be elegantly arranged
and will probably be patterned after one
of the most noted European art parlors.
Such a trip, in quest of ideas, is without
doubt an unusual undertaking, and it cer
tainly proves Mr. Boye's confidence In San
Francisco's appreciation of true art in
photography.
¦ ? ¦
FIRE IN CHINATOWN— A lire at T:34
o'clock yesterday morning destroyed two frama
buildings of one and two stories respectively
on the northeast corner of Jackson and Stock
ton streets, owned by Mrs. M. Schuppert, anl
occupied by Chinese. The adjoining building
at 1104 Stockton street, a two-story brick, wu
damaged. It was also the property of Mrs.
Schuppert. The fire was caused by tho explo
sion of a coal oil lamp.
0. S. BOYE LEAVES FOB EUROPE.
Oil Find Near Fetaluma.
PETALUMA, Feb. 9.-Exdtement was
created here yesterday by a very promis
ing oil find made on a ranch near town.
Before midnight a company was formed
and negotlatlona for the bonding of the
property are now under way. The oil was
uncovered by workmen boring an arte
sian well. Oil indications have been found
throughout the county, but this Is the
first find which promises anything big in
the way of returns. " /
plnger, Joshua Epplnger and W.' Cerkel,
of San Francisco.- .
Supervisor James Booth acted as sire.
The Supervisor by his wit and tact added
much to the success of the affair
Charles Henley, Harold Basford, Eger
ton Smith and Thomas Nowlan, compris
ing the club quartet, rendered a number
of selections.- Professor Topping, the
mind reader, held the audience in a spell
for over an hour. Homer Henley's pow
erful voice was heard in a number of his
choicest selections, and Lloyd Spencer
was repeatedly encored for his clever rag
time melodies. J. Warren Keane did sev
eral tricks In magic with the skill of a
professional. Harold Basford sang a bass
solo and Egerton Smith rendered a sweet
tenor solo. There were other features and
the entertainment was .kept up until a
late hour.
The llontlcello Club entertained its
members and friends at the club rooms
corner of Kearny street and Union
faquare avenue, last evening. It was the
occasion of the initial "jinks" given by
the organization, and the beautiful rooms
were taxed to their utmost capacity by
the large crowd present.
For the purpose of sustaining Interest in
the club Judge W. P. Lawlor, the presi
dent, recently appointed a committee com
posed of Hull McClaughry, "W. W. Jlc-
Xair and J. V. Costello to arrange for an
entertainment. The members received a
unique invitation containing, a promise
of good things, and the committee was
officially Informed during: the evening
that the promise had been more than f ul
ri lied.
Democratic Organization En
tertains at Its First
Jinks.
MONTICELLO CLUB
RECEIVES FRIENDS
The Los Angeles Record has interviewed
leading oil men on the subject of the fire
test bills. F. H. Dunham of the Franklin
Refining Company said that the measure
would prevent his company from making
a burning oil that would, be. acceptable.
The fire tests :of Germany. 1 and : England
could be met by the California oils with
out difficulty. J. A. - Dubbs. president ¦. of
the Sunset , Oil Refining Company, said
that if the bills should become the law
the Standard Oil Company would gain an
Immense advantage.. over the small com-
The bills to raise the fire test of the
illuminating oils to be sold in California
is still the center of the attack of the
oil producers and. refiners. Some account
of what has been done in the way of pro
test against the bills has previously been
published. The California Petroleum Min
ers' Association. has protested with all the
vigor that It posseses. The' Merchants"
and Manufacturers' 'Association at Los
Angeles has found several grounds for op
position and has concluded .that a fire test
of 100 degrees is the proper thing.
The Colusa Herald Is authority for the
statement that there is a flow of thlrty
flve barrels of oil per day on Bear Creek.
The Herald says that "this puts an end
to all speculation as to whether oil in
paying quantities exists in Colusa
County." . ¦";¦;''
. The price paid by a San Francisco syn
dicate for sections 36, 23, 28, In Kern Coun
ty, Is reported to be 5200,000. General W.
H. H. Hart was concerned in making the
deal. The entire section is off the dem
onstrated belt. Development work will
begin at once.
The failure of the- Btorar* and Transporta
tion Company to renew contracts with the local
producers and the failure of th« producers to
come to any satisfactory undemanding as to
the marketing of the product through a com
mon channel Is beginning to be felt. •¦ Oil was
offered y«sterday in the Exchange, of 14 grav
ity, at 80 cents at the wells. Oil of 19 gravity
was offered at U f. o. b. Los Angeles. - It now
appears to be every man for himself • in the
local field, and the result is as it might be ex
pected under the circumstances. The move
ment to establish another - producers' associa
tion, which shall build storage tanks and
transact business on the basis adopted by the
Kern County producers, Is ' not making much
headway. In the meantime prices are being
pounded down and the producer is suffering
from It. , ...¦ .
"There is now no uniform price for local
oil," says the Times, "and purchasers
have been taking advantage, of -this lack
of unity and bidding lower and lower,
until dollar oil is now a thing of the
past. It was reported yesterday that oil
had been sold by some producers who
have limited tankage accommodations at
80 cents. The majority of the producers,
however, are holding their product at
much higher figures and will try to ad
vance prices."
The Los Angeles Herald gives a similar
account of the situation In Los Angeles.
In part It says:
The Los Angeles Times reports that the
bottom has fallen out of the local petro
leum market and that prices are generally
demoralized In the south. The failure of
the producers to stand together is mei
tloned as the principal reason for this
condition of affairs.
The decision of Judge Day in the case
of the San Francisco Savings Union
against the It. G. R. Petroleum and Min
ing Company, in Santa Barbara County,
will be appealed. Judge Day has decided
that an oil company which has acquired
a mineral claim to a strip of land under
the ocean cannot erect a wharf in front
of the land of another, restricting ingress
and egress by sea. The future proceed
ings, if they reach the Supreme Court of
the United States, will cause general In
terest, for the issue concerns a phase of
the oil industry that has been getting a
footing from Rincon to Conception and
may spread all over the Pacific Coast.
The value of the permit issued by the
"War Department far the building of a
wharf is also under, consideration by the
courts. - .
And there are other causes which to the ob
servant person remove all fear of overpro
duction of petroleum in our State. Probably
not a third of the manufacturing and other
concerns which could profitably use oil as a
fuel are now purchasing that product.
It is true that the purposes to which the
products of the two sections are put are very
different, the Eastern oil being lamely con
verted into Ulumiuatits. while the Western
product is chiefly devoted to fuel purposes. In
deed, it was supposed for a long time that It
was impossible to refine the California product
profitably. This conclusion was due to the
fact that our best oils produced only about 25
per cent of illumination oil, which has always
been looked upon as llxlnar the value of an oil
for refining -purposes. Our oil having an
asphaltum base, varying from 10 to 36 per cent,
that product has become the basis of profitable
rennlnc of California oils, but in addition to
asphaltum. the various refineries now engaged
in refining California oil obtain numerous by
products, the whole aggregating- a. value which
has been estimated as high as $3,000,000 per an
num. The demand for the lighter oils for re
fining purposes is constantly on the increase,
and I confidently predict that during this year
the refineries of .this State will require at least
double the amount consumed by them during
the rast year.
The one greatest need of the oil industry Is
a large and unfailing supply, and anything
which tends to accomplish tnls will be of ulti
mate benent, although it might result in lem
pcrary depression of the market. This conclu
sion is not the result of conjecture, but of ac
tual experience. The history of oil production
throughout the Kast has shown that as the
product was increased the price was not cor
respondingly decreased, but " assumed a sta
bility which it had not known in earlier years.
In 1S79 the Eastern fields produced less thai
19,000.000 barrels, and oil was then sold as low
as 49 cents per barrel. To-day, with a pro
duction of. 37,000.000. it is sold for tl 25 pel
barrel.
The history of oil production in this State
shows that in 1S77 mere were produced bul
13.000 barrels; in 1S39, 2.677,875 barrels. Com
plete returns for the year ltfOO cannot now be
obtained, but as the increase in ivt'i .over the
previous year was 42S.7S7* barrels and develop
ments during: the past year have been enor
mously greater than during the previous year,
it is certainly safe to assume that the pro
duction for 1900 was, in round numbers, not
less than 4,GO0,CC0 barrels.
"Upon the basis of three and a half
barrels of oil to one ton of coal," said
the speaker, "it will be readily seen that
until the annual production of oil exceeds
7,000,000 barrels it cannot displace the coal
now used for fuel and steam purposes."
There were other statements of general
interest which the student of conditions
may study with profit. Among them are
the following:
Some statements were made at the first
annual banquet of the Los Angeles Stock
Exchange that may assure the oil men
of the benefit of :he industry In which
they are engaged to the State. One of
the speakers. at tho banquet. ex-Senator
Bulla, said that In the year 1899 there
were Imported Into California 1,740,279 tons
of coal. As there Is comparatively little
coal mined in this State he assumed that
the demand for oil, under existing con
ditions, will be practically measured by
the coal imported.
nency of the Liquid Fuel.
Reasons Given for Belief in Perma-
Yesterday afternoon before the "struck
oil" telegram of the El Oro Company was
publicly known the shares were quoted
at $1 and New Era shares at 20 cents.
?
MATCHING OIL AGAINST OOAL.
The well is located about a mile and a
half from Bakersfield, near the tracks
of the Southern Pacific, and to make the
find more valuable the Standard Oil Com
pany a few months ago erected three
large tanks in close proximity to the El
Oro well. The company drilled down just
1050* feet before tapping the big gusher.
Mr. Mills, in speaking of the lucky
strike on the part of those who had in
vested In the company, stated that the
company was composed almost entirely
of persons connected with the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank. Mills reports that the
New Era Oil Company, which also has
leased land In close proximity to the El
Oro well, would be benefited by the strike,
as the two wells being so close together
it is almost certain that the New Kra will
also strike a spouter.
W. H. Mills received word yesterday
that the El Oro Oil Company, which has
leased a tract of land in Kern County
from the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, known as section 7, had struck a
big gusher of oil. A dispatch that one of
the officials sent to W. Gregg Jr. of the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank, who is presi
dent of the company, stated that judging
from the abundance of oil that is pouring
out this well will prove one of the richest
ell wells ever located in the State.
panles in this State. Edward Strasburgr.
manager of the Oil Storage and Supply
Company, said that the Standard Oil Com
pany would be benefited, but not the Cali
fornia producers. R. H. Herron declared
that the measures were calculated to In
jure the oil industry In California.
Summerland and Hanford are both talk
ing about the establishment of exchanges
in their respective localities.
San Diego has an oil company that has
incorporated with a capital stock of $5,
000,000, divided into 5,000.000 shares, at $1
each. The operations are to be carried on
in New Mexico.
The Inyo Independent gives an account
of the movements of the oil men upon
inyo County. Locations made last week
in the Owens Lake basin amount to 39G0
acres, and there had previously been en
tered by the oil men 5920 acres. Below
Little Lake the Salt Wells Valley has
been filed on more or less.
A new field is to be exploited In Kern
County. This is in the northern part of
the county and is twenty miles north of
the Kern River. The exploiters are the
stockholders of a company organized in
Porterville.
The McWhorter Oil Refinery at Kern
na8 been .compelled to enlarge and four
new 6tills will be put in directly. The re-
Mn ry was 8tart ed recently with only ona
still, but the experiment seems to war
rant extension according to the accounts
received.
Steps have been taken for the formation
of an oil association in Shasta County. A
committee' on organization has been en
trusted with the task of devisingr a plan
that will hold the associated oil compa
nies together. Each incorporated com
pany in the county Is represented on the
committee.
Slnce January 1, as reported by tha
Cnico Record, 2660 acres in what is known
as the Hesperian district have been locat
ed as mining claims. A recapitulation
shows that there are twenty-two oil
companies already organized that are
pinning their faith to that locality.
•A- F. Lucas, one of the owners of the
big oil well at Beaumont, Texas, writoi
to the Oil Reporter that "at the rate of
SOOO barrels per day the well would pr>
duce nearly 3.000,000 barrels per year, and
at B0 cents per barrel would pay 10 per
cent on $15,000,000. He admits that thce
is no probability that the well will have
anv such yield for any length of time. The
lexas district is twenty miles from tide
water on the gulf. Sabine Pass and Po-t
Arthur being the nearest shipping points.
Pipe lines are being talked of. but the
question of market is yet secondary to the
handling and storage.
The operations in Monterey County are
progressing: and hope is strong that gool
results will bo obtained in the shape of
oil in paying quantities. Four companies
are drilling in the southern end of tha
county— the Monterey, Salinas, Great
American and Tomboy. The Naciemento
Oil Company, a Los Angeles corporation,
has begun operations. The Monterey
Company Is down 800 feet. The Normal is
about ready to drill. The San Antonio
Company, two miles from San Ardo, "is
down 700 feet. The Arroyo Seco Company
has contracted for a standard rip and will
soon be drilling. The Great American
well is still sinking and is down some
thing more than 100 feet.
The Armljo Oil Company has been in
corporated under the laws of Arizona.
The incorporators are C. B. Elliott,
George A. Lamont, B. F. Rush, W H
Bryan, E. E. Lonpr. E. Dinkelspiel, J. A.
\vilson. Meyer Dinkelspiel and J S
Brown, of Sulsun; William Gleselman,
Henry G. W. Dinkelspiel, Herman Ep-
Well on Land Leased From Southern
Pacific Produces a Spouter— Gives
Promise of Breaking All 'Records
BIG GUSHER OP OIL
IN THE FIELDS OF KERN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901. X
20
Egypt exported last year 65,000 tons of
sugar, 55,300 tons of which went to Amer-
ica.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _ _ _
Dry Goods Company.
. ¦ ¦ • .' • •?
Our Spring Importation of Embroideries
is now complete, and will be on ex-
fa bition during the coming week.
SWISS, NAINSOOK AND CAMBRIC,
» T"» 1 ¦ * ¦ • Aft
In Edgings, 'nsertions, Galons,
Allovers and Flouncings . .-.
INEW L/\CES!
Advance Styles in NEW SPRING LACES
lust received, including some exclusive
designs in High-Grade Parisian Novelties.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and StocHon Streets, San Franoisoo.
UNION S^UARE.
Mall and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
[ A CAUSE OF HEADACHE.
One Very Common Cause, Generally
. Overlooked.
Headache Is a symptom, an indication
of derangement or disease In some organ,
and the cause of the headache Is difficult
to locate 'Because so many diseases have
headache as a prominent symptom; de-
rangement of the stomach and liver, heart
trouble, kidney disease, > lung trouble, eye
strain or Ill-fitting; glasses all produce
headaches, and if we could always locate
the organ which is at fault the cure of
obstinate headaches would be a much
simpler matter.
However, for that form of headache
called frontal headache, pain back of the
eyes- and in forehead, the cause is now
known to be . catarrh of the head and
throat; when the headache is located in
back of head and neck it Is often caused
from catarrh of the stomach or liver.
At any rate, catarrh is the most com-
mon cause of such headaches and the
cure of the catarrh causes a prompt dis-
appearance of the headaches.
There is at present no treatment for
catarrh so convenient and effective as
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a new Internal
remedy in tablet form, composed of anti-
septics like Eucalyptol. Guaiacol and
Blood Root, which act upon the blood and
cause the elimination of the catarrhal poi-
son from the system through the natural
channels.
Miss Cora Ainsley. a prominent school
teacher in one of our normal schools,
speaks of her experience with catarrhal
headaches and eulogizes Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets as a cure for them. She says:
"I suffered daily from severe frontal
headache and pain In and back of the
eyes, at times so Intensely as to Incapa-
citate me in my dally duties. I had suf-
fered from catarrh more or less for years
but never thought it was the cause of my
headaches, but finally became convinced
that such was the case, because the head-
aches were always worse whenever I had
a cold or fresh attack of catarrh.
"Stuart's Catarrh Tablets were highly
recommended' to' me as a safe and pleas-
ant catarrh cure, antl -after using a few
50-cent boxes which . I procured from my
druggist. I was eurprlfed and delighted
to find that both the catarrh and head-
aches had gone for good."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by
druggists at fifty cents per package, un-
der the guarantee of the proprietors that
they- contain absolutely no cocaine (found
in so many catarrh cures), no opium (so
common in cheap cough cures), nor any
harmful drug. They contain simply the
wholesome antiseptics necessary to de-
stroy and drive from the system the
germs of catarrhal disease.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
K Steamera leave Broadway
aw^ wharf. Sao Francisco:
V^~>. . For Alaskan Ports — 11 %. m..
C&K^S^ Feb. 10. 15. 20. 25. March U
EMSffgCJSfc. Change to company's steamers
I3ra5S^ For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
£TrJrVr*^T1 c -^- Port Town^end. S*attl<*.
*^^^B1 Kan Tacoma. Ever»tt. Anacortes
**^ ~">aJg4 and Xew Whatcotn (Wuh.) — •
11 a. m., Feb. 10, 15. 20, 25,
March I. and «very fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. tf. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
ccma to X. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C I*. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 12.
l". 22, 27, March 4. and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar»
tara. Port Loa Angeles and Redondo (torn An-
P»les) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m-i
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay«
ticos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavl-
cta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. 8ar»
Pedro. East San Pedro (Loa Angelas) and
Nfcwrport — Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Eneenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jo«« d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mez.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reservet th« right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing-
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALJL. PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. Saa Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMIR3 TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street 'Wharf at U a. m.
CAQC $12 First Class Including Berth
I ft n r - $3 Second Class ar)d Menlj
COLUMBIA Sails Feb. It, 12, Mar. 4
CEO. W. ELDER Sails F«b. 17. j?. Mar. »
Short Lln» to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt%
Helena and all points In th« Northwest.
Through tickets to all point* East.
E. C. WARD. General Agtnt,
630 Markat it
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILl. LEAVE WHART, COJU
ner First and Braonan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HO.VCKONO, calling at
Koba (Hiogo). Nagasaki ana Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing'.
S3. NIPPON MAKU
Tuesday. February If, 19CX
S3. AMERICA MARU.... Friday. M*roh U. Ud
S3. HON'GKON'0 MARU
Tuesday. April ». 190t
Round-trip tickets at reduced r&ta*. F"or
frelrht and passage apply at company* ¦ oCc«s
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
WSV TOSS. 8CUT3ASIPT0H. L05D03, TUOX
4 ' Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Feb. V I St. Louis March IS
New Tork F#b. ZVINew York March 23
Vaderland ....March tlVaderiand ....March XI
RED STAR LINE.
Naw York and Antwarp.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. U noon.
Noordland Feb. 20 Weiternland ..March It
Frieiland Feb. 27 Kensington ...March Ift
Southwark ...March (Noordland March 27
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHAS. D. TAILOR,
General A rent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery street.
oeeanics.sxo.ss
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Monday. February U. 13 nooa
S3. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, Ftbruary 13, at I p. m.
83. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February 13, t p. a
t. D.SPBECKELS k EROS. CO., General Agents. 327 Harkst St
fin'l f issngar Oflha, 643 Harkst Si., fisr la. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R, R, 8 S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. 91 05: Steerage. $4O.
S. S. Koanoke sails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, Maxell 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont »t.. at S p. ra.
Freight and passenger offlce. 330 Market st
F. 1 F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PAC1KC STEAK HAVIOATIOS CO. AKD
C0MPANIA 8TO AMERICANA DB VAP0HI3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No.
2. Seawall. Sailinz:
83. PALENA February ». 1901
BS. COLOMBIA March T. 1901
S3. TUCAPEL March 20. 1301
88. AREQUIPA April 4. 1901
These steamers ar» built axpressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. $18 California street
BALFOUR. OUTHRIE A CO.. Agents.
C0MPAQ!irB 0S52KALB TBANSATLAHTIQirB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, .m*^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of «2Ai«5
Saturday. at?V> a, m.. from pler . SJwlt«»
North Rlver.loot of Morton street. TFlnt class
to Havre. J35 and "P* "^ VP F ' C °? 4 .^vny
Havre. J4S and upwani GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson buildlnK). N«» J o '5" J -
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific^ Coast A «•=*»• *
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY ANI> BIVES STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Stean^r "Montlce'lo. "
MON.. Tues.. "Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:45
a m.. S-IS. 8:M P- m- (tx. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and i: JO: Sundays. 13:30 a. m., t
p. m. Landing and office. Mlsslon-str««t Dock.
Pitr Ka t Telesbona Ualn 1S0S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO-HEN-1
A Most Remarkablg Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vi?or
to Men. .
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a mc3t remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years, against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the .Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write It
is a home treatment, and all men who
euffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful lolly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
in all case*. A. request to the State Med-
ical Institute, 828 Elektron building, Fort
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to sr l how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual, weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The- Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent - a* free sample, carefully sealed
In a plain ' package, so that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or
publicity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
A test has been made which shows that
a rook can fly sixty miles an hour. The
hawk makea 150 miles In the same time
! "• All those who have treated
/S&§07&^'^^i^3^^^ ¦ elsewhere without success; all
I UU ' /dW I TREAT w^ ose cases have been
UflT m/Mmj urn abandoned by family physi-
"Ul mBvi) \\ III L II cians and so-called ex-
TRPAT fflmM/h. w flMIV P crts J all whose troubles have
I IlLri I mM§Mk m UliLl been aggravated by the use of
All »r^^M.\ 4^^^$%t $****&¥ AMfl Specifics, Free Samples. Trial
"^^" WtKWi Treatments, etc., are invited to
niPriQPQ U i'Ji \ w PIIDC investigate my special system
UIOLAOLOi \^'*!W C \ I UUnt of treatment. I will explain
DIIT \+&)}j VJ^$L M TUCBI why such other treatment has
.//^M^^^M^ '^ inLlil not cured you, and will demon -
PIIDC W/MK[(^^jl0^^^^^^^ Tfl Strate to your entire satisfac-
mi/Mm ' ' U tion that I can cure you safely.
Ill )^^f^\!M&t) Wslsiss^ OTIV quickly and permanently. My
ALL [(^^^M^M^^^^S^^W^ counsel will cost. you nothing
I TRFAT 4WI™&f^Mte^ piiDcn and m y char ff« for a p« fcct
I InCAl JSBbOp& uUntU cure will not be more than you
° : — * l^fRK^l^^lllf +-. * wil1 be willin « to ™ for bene "
"" N ' > fits conferred. Certaintr of cure
DOCTOR SWEANY. i wh , at T mnt T J
*-^ m * ? ? *— s,/~m.l M. f have done for many others I
Longest Established, Most Successful and Reliable can do for you - You wiU do
Specialist In Diseases Of Men. well to carefully read my spe-
*S » cialty below, if ailing.
Tr** -* Whatever may be the caus« of Varicocele. Its Injurious effects are well known. It depresses the.
V n P llifinfilfi °ii nd ' w^ a ) cen9 the rack 9 the nervous system. If you are a victim of Varicocele come to my
¥ %*A. 1VVVVAV office and let me explain to vou my process of treating It. You will then not wonder why I have
— positively cured hundreds of cases of this dire disease during the past twelve months. Under my
treatment the oatlent improves from the very beginning. All pain Instantly ceases. Soreness and swelling quick-
ly subside. The pools of stagnant blood are forced from the dilated veins, which rapidly aasume their normal
size, strensrth and soundness. All Indications of diseases and weakness vanish completely, and In their stead
. come tha pride, the power, and the pleasures of perfect health and reatored manhood.
TJTZ sI-m stv-r *% •*% *1 TTmima Mvr Jt matters not how lon«r you have suffered from obstruction of th» urlnarv
A1Q116V tUlQ U PlllalPV can fi' . cr now man r d «««rent doctors have disappointed you! you irtHbJ
AX f^ AA^<J >AA^^ A.AUm J cured Just aa certainly aa you come to m« for treatment. I will not do It
"¦'¦!"' ' '-¦' . ., . i ¦......«- by cutting: or dilating. My treatment Is new. entirely original with me
. and perfectly painless. It completely dissolves and permanently removes every obstruction of the urlnarv twl*.
sa«e. It stops every unnatural discharge, allays all Inflammation, reduces the prostate gland when enlarwl
cleanses and heals the bladder and kidneys when irritated or congested. Invigorates the organs and restores helf h
and soundness to every part of the body affected by the disease. ' iworraneaun
A /«mii«««#vj] T)T a/\/sI "D JL Z M.M..M. On account of Its frightful hldeousness. Acquired Blood Poison In
ACQU1P6Q DlOOQ r 01S011 s 01^,^ ; he y******™*™*^**,* ; itmayb«rtthir
nvuull VU ***wWsV A \JXkJ\JLM. hereditary or contracted. Once the system is tainted with it thi
— — —^ i ' -I ¦" disease may manifest itself In the form of «crof ula eczema rheu-
. matic pains, stiff or swollen Joints, eruptions or copper-colored spots on face or body little ulcer* in iii« mnmh
• or on the tongue, sore throat, swollen tonsils, falling out of the hair or eyebrows, and finally a lei>rou« l!k»^<»£iv
of the flesh and T bones. If you have any of these or similar symptoms you are cordially Invited I to T consult
Immediately. If I find your fears unfounded I will quickly unburden your mind. But if your constitution u
fected with poisonous virus I will tell you so frankly and show you how to get rid of It Mv sSeeiS? t??«t™i!?f
for Acquired Blood Poison is practically the result of my life work, and is indorsed by the bes^Dhvsfcla^ of
America and Europe. It contains no dangerous drugs or injurious medicines of any kind It »^ tn th« «™
bottom of the disease and forces out every particle of impurity. Soon every sign and* svmDtom of A«mi^oi
Blood Poison disappear completely and forever. The blood, the tissue, the flesh the bonls JSi ?Th« ? whole iv,' 1
tern are cleansed, purified, and restored to perfect health and the patient prepared anew for the dutlw Ind pleall
nW.VOUS-.-UUUIlltjr c --^^-^mfromlf,e nk |:,^ malriHlfH
and fill your whol. future with misery and indescribable woe. I have treated so rnsav oiw «f thVi JX%1 1 ?S
• am aa famlMar with them as you are with the very daylight. Once cured by £e.w£fi never KJ5 *hL **£>}
,.. ,^ho^ h ain^«7 O u\ 8 n? 8 |^^^^^^
•V i iSal SJlrrAS*™*™ y ° U tO What hlUe - heJtby • &5^ ™S* wVth W Sys"a? S3
Associate DiseaseslM
• : ma^^n^^
train and Indicating a premature decline of physical and mentar po wer are totl Hf r«m« v « ms fo . n o^«nR In it,
placed by the youthfur enerqry .-of robust manhood: .Hence all resultme Il5- Sid ?*fl?^^S? u nd *. ra D««y re-
. . may be . properly termed associate diseases, and which, in fact, are often more^ertous thw ? TS." 0^ 118 ; wWch
• that gives rise to them-all. I say. disappear, completely and forever with^ the cure of t^e mVr^malady allment
Gbppesnoriderice ¦ wrvo s? a?» r& s* ™«~*
V/m 1 unreserved, history of. your trouble, plainly statlne vour L™ f e wrlt * a fu » and
-/¦:..¦.•¦¦ ¦•,V---.-.- .- T~ -y a p g r e om,Se PrlVate "^el, and give P to ea^h'S^ntWegaT^on^t L^ J
FL SWEANY M D 737M^ket st,
IV^HP^^'I'v 1^'^', SAN FRANGISCO.
Directory
HnUlttM
Reputable
e$r OIL
Companies:
EL MEDIA OIL CO.
LA>*X>S AT JJcKTTTEICK.
ftna.Il block of stock at 15c; price will b«
advances to tie March 1. If you want a ground
floor proposition where the company rnfnn busi-
ness, here St is.
I'roepectus and Information furnished on ap-
plication.
EL MEDIA OIL, CO..
Eafe Depoelt Building. 22S Xlontromerr «t.
Kan Francisco. CaJ.
ESMERALDA
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.— Lan<5» In Ban
Rcnito County. Small block of treasury stock
lor sale, Jl. Prospectus on application and ln-
f'K-matlon furnished at office of A. KINGS-
UURY. CC3 Parrutt Building. Ban Francisco.
Famoso Cil & Investment Co
LANDS IX KEIIX RIVER DISTRICT.
Oil absolutely pure; heart of producing sec-
tion. DrlUir.;:; be in oil F&ndi In 15 days.
Small amount treasury Mock, &0c. Write for
prospectUF or call. 233 Parrott bl4g., S. F-
FRESXO ALPHA OIL. CO.. eelline at JLOO
LONDON OIL CO.. Belling at 60
DEY CRUDE OIL CO. Belling at 25
Prospectus and Information at Office.
O. A. UtXB, « and T, 8th floor. Mllli bldg., B. F.
CHEAT AMERICAN OIL AND DEVELOP-
Stock 30c Inter Horn Oil & Development Co.
stock ZSe. Lands Is Monterey and Kern coun-
ties. Prospectus and information at office of
MOSLETTlin &. ALLEN'. US and tSC Parrott
buiidinr. 6. F.
Investors' Assured Stock
In a company owning producing welL
20a Per Share.
Write or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 477 Parrott Building.
NORMAL OIL COMPANY.
RtocK non-assessable. Lands In Monterey and
Ea.3 Luis Otispo counties. Small amount of.
stoek cow sfilini? at r>c. Prospectus and Infor-
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNSET-PROVES OIL LAND.
Certrols 440 acres Are drilling. Some stock
Is being soid at D0<? per ehare. Information and
pr*t*ii«t furnf*hed on application. . No S.
t-v-«-n1 r?oor. Mills Building. San Franclioo.
[DR. PiESBFS ELECTRIC BELT:
? America Abead of the World ia Eli^ctrieallnmi-'
f tiont"! fcrerfUxlT knows this! <mr new Kodr- 1
? liattcry. <L\ H. ra tent) 1» Mrwtly an American*
' lnrentum— Til K Kelt of Ui« Omury. Jt »en<l» a'
[ powerful, reversible current ibTough tbe Kninxn ',
t rvx)y from Hemd to toot, cunne CLronic and]
, Kerrouf l>Ls<>ase« and n'eatne»sof Mn!r or r emale .
. as if by M»L'i«-. Ha positiT* are »e that no otber <
• belt is ihi» »q uai of " Dr. f»rree's." that w e will **r:d <
> it o A Pisa«» iAI. tor comparison with any bell <
¦ now suld ia America, "beemg U Believing.' 1 <
'. NOTE.- We nerer gMd belu "On Trial," there--
. fore In orderinK **I>r. Pierce'*** no risk is run of • -
• contracunc -'. in lilin.^ or other Disorders by - '
' usinic an appliance nrcrion.!* worn i»t wilirr* 1
• nrr. ¦• n ». « 'all. or send a an. stamp for cew » Rootlet ' '
Ko.2.' Addrew: I'IKKCH KLKCTRIC CO.!
', 1 145 rroi<1w»r, (near 2Ctu St.) New York, 2
Or <i'£O -M;.rh-t Street, San l'runcihco. *
en n {% fi (P\ Laflln & Rand Waterproof
H R f r \ t K, iiciokeleei Powder. In bulk
B B P v-2 Bn<1 loade<3 la >nelU. Send
8 E|h ar s l° T catalogue of . eporttnz
URqU/ fe-oods. GEO. W. SHIUiVK,
Hi Maxfeet (treat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You may have a wrong idea of what
it costs to furnish a cozy home;
it doesn't cost a cent to find out.
¦ffi
jj— - Til - :V -rS|gl fgg
Three-Piece Bedroom Suite $15.
It is made of ash, finished golden. The mirror is French
plate, iSx^4 inches. The picture gives you an accurate
idea of the design. The carving is neat and the finish is
fairly good. We place no restriction on the sale of these
suites. Each purchaser can buy one or a dozen if he
chooses. We do not know nor care what others are sell-
ing similar goods for, but we DO know that this rr> * fj*
suite is remarkably cheap at tp I ZJ
«> « ,
Bring Us Your Carpet Measures.
A lot of odd lengths of carpets have accumulated in the
last few months, and to close them out we'll have
A Rummage Sale of Carpets!
All of them will be sold for half their original price or less.
They are not all remnants; most of them will cover a good-
sized room — some are even large enough for double
parlors. There are fine Wilto* Velvets, Lowell Body Brus-
sels, Hartford Axminsters among them. Some with borders,
<?ome without. Somebody — first comers — will get their par-
lors carpeted at half price.
We are Pacific Coast Agents for
Richmond Ranges,
And we sell all kinds of kitchen ware and cutlery and china.
We'd be glad to have you open an account with us.
Sterling Furniture
!""*%£«- 1 Company |I|§1]
1039 Market Street,
Between Sixth and Seventh.with rudder damaged and cargo slightly dam
aged. Vessel will go on drydock. . ¦ ¦ • "
TELEGRAPHIC. '¦*• '.. >:
POINT LOBOS, Feb », 10 p ra— Weather
cloudy; wind NE, velocity S miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr North Fork,
hence Feb 7. ¦¦ .
Sailed Keb 9 — Schr Ida McKay, for San
Pedro; ttmr Pomona, for San Francisoo; stmr
Newsboy, for San Francisco; etmr Aberdeen,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 9— Schr 8alvator.
from Grays Harbor. ' " .
Sailed Keb 9— Stmr "W H Kruger. for San
Francisco.
¦ VENTURA — Arrived Feb 9— Bane Santa
Paula and tug Rescue, hence Feb 7. -
Sailed Keb 8— Barge Santa Paula, in tow of
tug Kencue. for San Franoisco. - .
ASTORIA— Arrived Keb 9— Br ftmr Bucking
ham, from Manila; Btmr G W Elder, hence
Feb 7. Feb 8-' k Ferris S Thompson, henc?
Jan 23.
SAX DIE«O— Sailed Feb 9— Schr Oceania
Vance, for Port Hadlock. .
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb »— Stmr Leelanaw, for
San Francisco. Feb 7— Bktn Gardiner City, for
Guaymas. Feb 8— Schr Mildred, for San Pedro.
Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Excelsior, for Valdez.
Arrived Feb S— Stmr Dirlgo. from Alaska:
nr Htmr Almond Branch, from Manila; stmr
Port Stephens, from Manila. .
DAN'DON— Arrived Feb 9— Sttnr Mandalay,
hence Feb 6. ,<
PORT TOWNSEXD— Passed ln Feb 9— Stmr
DiriKo. from Alaska. .
Arrived Feb 9— Ur stmr Almond Branch,
from Manila.
Sailed Feb ft-Bark Abby Palmer, for Port
Plrie; schr Wlnslow, for Callao; bktn Gardiner
City, for Guaymas. .
Arrlred Feb 9— Ship A J Fuller, from Ka
"neaH BAT-Passed ln Feb »-ShlD A F Ful
ler, from Kahulul. fr>r Port Townsend.
Passed In Feb 9— Ship John Currier, . from
Honolulu, for Oyster Harbor: schr W F W'itze
1 man, h«?nce Jan 20. for Port . Hadlock: Nor
stmr Tellus, hence Feb 6, for Chemainus; stmr
Matteawan. hence Feb 6, for Tacoma.
Passed out Feb 9— Stmr Leelanaw. for San
Francisoo: schr Mildred, for San Pedro.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Feb 9. at 5:50 p m—
stmr Mineola. from Port Los Angeles, for
Nanalmo. .
WHATCOM-Arrlved Feb 8-Schr R W Bart
lett. from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb S— Br ship Queen Mar
garet, for Queenstown.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb Bktn Moni
tor, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 8— Schr Zampa, from San Pedro;
schrp Ouide and John A. hence Jan 22.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Feb »— Stmr Noyo,
Koyo, hence Feb S.
COQUILLE RIVER — Sailed Feb 8 — Stmr
Argo, for San Francisco.
.; .':; '¦ . FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Feb 9— Stmr
City of Peking, hence Jan 9.
Sailed Jan 13— Br shin Swanhllda. for Port
land, Or.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 8— Br stmr Tartar,
from Hon;kons.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 6— Br stmr Brae
mar, from Tacoma.
Sailed Feb 9— Br stmr Coptic, for SanFran-
Clsco.
FALMOUTH— Sailed Feb 8— Br ship Rlvers
dalo, for Limerick.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Sailed Feb 9 — Stmr Manltou. for
* JAPA*N PORT— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Gaelic,
from San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived- Feb 9— Stmr Tacoma,
from Tacoma. for Hongkong.
NFTV" YORK— Arrived Feb 9— Etmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hambure-. ¦ ¦
Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Uicania, for Liverpool.
Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Westernland. for Ant-
QU EEN STOWN— Arrived Feb 10. 2:05 a m—
Stmr Ktrurla. from New York, for Liverpool,
and jrocseded. ¦ - '
BOSTON— Arrived Feb 9-Stmr Sllvanla, from
Liverpool ; - stmr Commonwealth, from LJver-
HONGKON'G — Arrived prior to Feb 9^-Stmr
City of Peking, from San Francisco, via Hono- i
lulu and Yokohama.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr Georglc.
for New York. Feb 9— Stmr Servla, for New
York ' -
GLASGOW'— Sailed Feb %— Stmr Sarmatlaji.
for Bo#ton. ', ¦ i f<
SOUTHAMPTON-Satlea Feb 9-Sttor Vader
land. for New. York. ¦ £j }$i'l
ANTWERP— Sailed, Feb 9— Stmr {Triesland.
for Ne-vr York. ' ¦¦ . &>
HA VRE— Sailed Feb '9— Stmr ; IAAqultalne.
tor New York. . • -" JE 'V'
. ¦ . ¦¦• ' -*? r" •
Sierra at Last Arrives From Australasian Ports, While the
Doric Sails for JapaYi and China Via Honolulu
With Many Passengers. -¦ •
MAIL STEAMSHIPS COME AND GO
IN SPITE OF WIND AND WEATHER
THE SAN FTIANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United ¦ States Coast . and Geodetlo Survey—
Times and Heights of ¦ High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by T>fnctal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about. twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide .la the. same at both places.
NOTE! — In the above exposition of tho tide*
the early morning tides are Riven in tho left
hand column and the ' successive ¦ tides of ' the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column Rives the last tide
of the day. except when thera are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights civen
are ln addition to the soundings on tht United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus Mgn (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given ls subtracted from the depth
given . by the charts. ' The plane of - reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball. ,
Branch Hydrngraphic Office. TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February. 9, 1901. • . .
The tim* ball on the tower of , the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. «., at noon of the 120th meridian, 7 or at S
o'clock ' p. m., Greenwich time. - -
• C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander,' U.S. K. ( ln chares. 7
Run Over and Fatally -Injured.
¦ Edwin Dathe. 6 years old,< living at 720
Willow avenue, was run over by. a hay
wagon driven by Thomas Tuohy yester
day afternoon near hl3 . home and re
ceived- injuries from which he will die.
The boy, with a number of playmates.
waB riding on the wagon and Dathe fell
off. One of the rear wheels passed over
him, fracturing. his skull and Inflicting in-
Mounted Officers Hayes and Leonard, of
the Seventeenth-street station, yesterday
searched the Sutro woods for a Chinaman,
who has been' seen dodging In and out
Chinese Hermit Arrested.
ternal injuries, for which he was treated
at the Receiving Hospital. The doctors
say he will die before morning. Tuohy
was held at the City Prison.
A Grand Display.
1506 Market street is the Bankrupt Sale
of Shoes going on and going are the shoes
to the people. Nobody needs go bare
footed now. To-morrow (Monday) I will
sell 1000 pairs of ladies* shoes that cost
J2.50 for 75c a pair. Look at the windows.
The same will be sold. Nothing reserved
at the Bankrupt Shoe Sale of the Califor
nia Shoe Co., 1506 Market street, near City
Hall ave. Frank "W. Plpher. receiver. •
there of late. Several persona have re
ported the presence of a crazy. Chinaman
in the woods. The officers found him and
he gave his name aa Wong Kim. He was
taken to Captain Seymour's office, as it
was thought he was a fugitive Chinese
murderer. The detectives were not able
to recognize him, however, and he was re
turned to the Jail, where a charge of va
grancy was placed against him. It seems
that the Chinaman preferred living in the
woods to a residence with his own people.
Says Ee Was Drugged,..
John Swanson was brought to the Har
bor Hospital from S2 Clay street yester
day. He asserted that he had been given
knockout <lrops and that his watch ana
chain had been stolen. John was treated
for morphine poisoning, but after he came
to his senses *»aid that all that was the
matter with him was a "Jag." As his
lower limbs were partially paralyzed the
doctors think his first statement was cor
rect, and the police are now investigating
the matter. _
Movements of Warships.
The battleship Wisconsin was taking on
her ammunition yesterday. Two barge
loads of shells came down from Mare
Island In tow of the tug Active and tho
stuff was put aboard during tbe day. The
Investigating "Water Front.
The Committee on Commerce and Navi
gation appointed by the Legislature was
on the front yesterday. The members
met the Harbor Commissioners at 11 a.
m and all the accounts of the board were
pone over. Secretary English had every
thing shipshape, however, and the Inves
tigation was over with in half an hour.
To-day the commissioners and the com
mittee will m<ik<* a tour of the front on
tbe txiK Governor Markham and China
Basin and i.»e proposed work of the Santa
Fe will be looked into. 7\.'' '-;.:..
Occidental and Oriental
I Steamship Company's Doric Rot
• away from the Mall dock on time
. j\. yesterday. Passir.gr the Faral
lcnrs on her way to the Orient
she met the Ocoanlc Steamship Com
pany's Sierra coming in. The latter vessel
was detained owing to a defective cir
culating pump, but that trouble will be
remedied at once and she will probably
tail cn schedule time.
The cabin passengers of the Doric are:
For Yokohama— Richard Boyea. Mrs. Rich
• :d Boyes. \V. K. Uishop, If. LKjgilale. Mr*,
r. Dusdale and servant. J. inouye. J. Kiut
ner. c H. v. Wilson. „ „ ,.,
Fcr Kobe-I>r. C. C. Vinton. Mrs. C. C. \ in
toa. three c5:ildren and ir.fanf. H. W hittlesey.
For Nacasaki — <"tt.to Wedekind..
Kor Shanghai— B. Cameron Jr.. Mr«. B. H.
Grace, L>t. lAicy Oaynor. MUs Emma Lryou.
Rev. R. M. Materr. Mrs. R. M. Mateer. Dr.
"VV. F. Seymour, MrF. W. F. Seymour enNwo
C '\-o d r rC Hor.rVnr:*r-Mr 8 . 11. Callahan ThojMi
Cratty. Tl.cmas Confer: M!e« A. %\ . E.llott,
J. M. Eva. Mrs. J. M. Eva. J. K. r-mtz. Den
r.is^n Crav. John Harvey. E. C. Hochapfel.
li. HoniK," Frank UK. ili« Me M. Jobn-
Ftan. E. K.aiJfrrann. J. J. Mbiock. C. n.
Pauldta. A. Simon. TVUUain n. Selleck. An
thony Fnwe. O. Stnickmfyer. Miss K..-M. i«i-.
mage. Mi!=8 M. E. Tilmage. II. P. fmbsen, O.
Wacner. Mr?. Thomas Cooper.-
From Honolulu— Mr. Chisholm, A. w. Mc-
Killop, Georce Wesley.
-As the Sierra got in after sundown the
quarantine officer did not visit her and
her passefieers will not be landed until
to-day. She brings eighty cabin and a
crowd of «e*rape pasFeneers. The run
from Honolulu was made ln 5 days 14
hours, the entire delay being between
Auckland and Pago Pago.
ONCE MORE IN PORT.
Ship Standard Home After an Ab
berce of Eightesn Months.
The American chip Standard came into
port yesterday after a run of nine days
from Tacoma. This is her first return
to San Francisco in many a moon. On
leaving here the went to the sound and
Jacded lumber for Australia. From New
castle X. S. W.. she took coal' to Hono
l'iu and from there took away a cargo
cf sugar to New York. Finally she again
reached the sound and her owners loaded
her with coal and pent her home. She will
now be fixed up and tent on another
cruise around the world.
V *
- Saturday, February 9.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. 23 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 6 days 14 hours.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, £1 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Greenwood, FaRerlund, 17 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Hyades. Garlich, 90 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Luelia, Madsen, 15 hours from Caspar.
fitmr Brunswick. Andresen. 24 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put la to land passen
ger*.
Sot ¦ stmr Titania, Egenee, S6 hours from
Nanalmo. . •
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. SH days from
Corr.ox. . .
Ship Standard. Getchell, 9 days from Seattle
Bark Tidal Wave. Lieblg, 8 days from Ta-
CCItla.
Bark Gatherer. Younggrcn. 6 days from Ta
coma. • v ¦ •
Schr Archie and Fontle. Jenren. 30 hours
from Iversens Landing.
Schr Llizie Vance, Olsen, S days 1 from Grays
Harbor.
Bchr Laura May. Hansen. 8 days from Grays
Harbor. .
Schr Ida - Scbnauer, 8orenson. 7 days from
Port Gamble. CLEARED
?V"i Saturday. February ». ¦
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Seattle; Pacific
Coaut Co. -*- , • ¦_
Stmr State of California, Jepsen, Victoria;
Goodall. Perkins & Co. ¦
Btrnr Santa Rosa. Gielow. San Diego; Good
all. Perkins A CO.
Stmr Hanaei, Green. Honolulu; Welch A. Co.
Br utmr Doric, Smith, Hongkong, etc; O &
OSS Co. : ; • /
Ship Euterpe. Swanson. Melbourne;. J j
Moore 6t Co.
Bark St Kat"berin«, Saunders. Hllo; Welch
& Co. ' - '¦' ',"'",'"',';', ' •
SAILED. ,
. ' Saturday. February i.
1 8tmr Wer^irt. Ericsson. Eureka. • ( .
fltmr Poinr Arena. Hansen. Point Arena.
Ktmr Willamette. Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne. Crescent City.
Rtmr Pan Pedro. Jahnsen. EuVeka.
fitmr Navarro. Hansen. Bowens Landing. ,
Ftmr Mackinaw, IJttlefield, Seattle.
Kr stmr Doric. Smith. Hongkong, etc. .-
Wtalinr bark Andrew- Hicks, fihorey, whal
ine. ...
Hchr Newark, .
Schr Sparrow, Dart. ' Eureka. ¦
SPOKEN.
Jan 29, lat 4} N— Br ship Afghanistan, hence
Aug 28. for Liverpool.
MISCELLANEOUS.'
LONDON, Feb %— Br stmr ; Goodwin, from
Hongkong, for Tacoma, put back to TokBfaama
Shipping Intelligence.
The American ship Euterpe cleared yesterday
fcr Melbourne with »8,010 feet lumber, valued
at J-l-,174.
Lumber for Australia.
The City of Sydney's Cargo.
The steamer City of Sydney, which sailed
Friday for Panama and way ports, carried
merchandise for Central America valued at
174.571, and for Panama $6143. The cargo con
sisted principally of the following:
For Central America— 10 bxs apples, 42 pkgs
bottled beer. 5365 lbs beans. 50 cs bread, 733
cs 4 drums coal oil. 20 cs candles. 123 cs dry
goods, Z3 cs drugs. 49 cs canned goods. 25
reels wire cable. 669vlbf dried fruit, 4118 bbls
flour, 424 pkgs groceries and provisions, 2tt
bdls EhookB, 33.073 ft lumber. 000 lbs lard, 13
rolls leather, 14 cs lamp goods, 24 cs liquors.
S<X> lbs mlllstuffs. 234 pkgs machinery. 30 kegs
nails. S3 cs oil. 45 Crs onions, 212 pkgs paper,
£35 crs potatoes. 22 pkgs paste. 100 flasks quick
silver. 13,450 . lbs rice, 22 cs salmon, 22 pkgs
ratmns. GO cs soap,- 49.S21 lbs tallow. 1120 !b3
r "ua, 10 bbls resin. 10 reels wire. 32 pkgs rail
road material. 26 cs 41 bbls whisky. S8 cs 5423
gals wine, 21 pkzs windmill.
For Panama— 1363 bbls Hour, 140 crs potatoes,
3160 lbs beans, 20 cs salmon, MO Tbs sugar, 33
bales cordage, 10 crs garlic, 1500 gals wine.
In transit— 68 co silk, valued "at J6400. :,->
For China— 13.200 gal« -bottled .beer, 9900 It>«
beans, 26&S lbs chocolate. 1033 cs canned poods,
1932 fts cheese, 2015 lbs dried fruit. 1836 lbs
codfish, 200 ca cigarettes, 8139 bbls flour. 1106
pkgfe groceries and provisions, S8 bxs fruit,
F-eSO R» ham and bacon, 9 ceka 1 bbl ginseng,
16 bxs lemons, 12 rolls leather, 100 cs liquors,
S0.9S1 rts lard. 11E-6 pigs lead. 3 crs machinery.
4 cs oil. TSOO lbs pearl barley. 200 lbs mlllstuffs,
127 cs salmon, 4480 lbs sugar, 8 cs soap, 15 cs
whisky. 7 cb 2S12 Kals wine.
For Japan — 3 era agricultural Implements,
2CS5 lbs. butter, 61 crs bicycles. 183 cs canned
goods. 730 bales cotton. 1S6 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 37S0 bbls flour, g cs watches and
Jewelry. "65 lbs ham and bacon, 74 rolls leather,
2000 lbs roUlEtuffa, 3000 kegs nails, 51 tales
waste leather, 6 cs 6 bbls printing ink. 25 cs
photo goods, 112,020 Iris fr<via, 400 cs soap, 1200
lbs sugar, 37.050 lbs tan bark.
For Manila — 5 cs graphophone goods, 72 bxs
lemons, 300 The coffee. 51 en whisky, £0 ! cs
brandy. 41 cs typewriter*. 163 cs liquors, 269
pk(?s groceries and provisions, 6 cs bicycles, 7
cs photo goods, 28 pkgs plumbing supplies. 5500
crs potatoes.
For East Indies — 14 bdls pipe, 20 pkgs bottled
beer. 270 cs canned troods.
For Vladivostok— 15 bxs apples, 2425 lbs dried
fruit. 203 pkss harvesters. 123 pkgs reapers and
fixings, 217 crs machinery. - .: • :
The steamer Doric mailed yesterday for China
and Jap&n with a large cargo of general mer
chandise manifested as folUnve: For China,
m,OS0; for Japan, IS5/11; for Manila, $18,128:
for EaBf Indie*. J13C0; for Vladivostok, $17,346.
Total vahae. - Jiia.t20./ Tbe cargo Included the
following: - . - . .-'
Departure of the Doric.
The Maweema loads lumber at Grays Harbor
for Santa Rcsalia; the Roderick Dhu. mer
chandise for Hilo; the British steamer Strath
gyle. merchandise at Kan Diego for Hongkong;
tbe Ska?lt, lumber at Port Gamble for Hon
olulu.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Wisconsin will be open to tbe public from
1 to 4 p. m. to-day and Henry Peterson's
launches will carry the visitors from the
Folsom-street float. From here the Wis
consin will start on her maiden trip to
Majfdalena Bay for target practice.
The rejuvenated sloop-of-war Mohican
comes down from Mare Island to-morrow
and will ro to sea during the week. She
has been practically rebuilt and is manned
by- the crew of the gunboat Wheeling:.
The latter ls out of commission and will
be overhauled at the navy yard.
SHIP STANDARD. WHICH REACHED PORT AGAIN YESTERDAY AFT
ER AN ABSENCE OF OVER EIGHTEEN MONTHS. SHE HAS BEEN
AROUND THE WORLD IN THE INTERIM.
21
Steamer Movements.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Para.... Panama & War Ports.
Coronado Redondo ....:..........'..
Royalist Oyster Harbor
Queen g an Diego
Bonita Newport
1'omona Hmnboldt
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor
Newbun Grays Harbor «...
Tltanla Nanalmo
Argo Coqullle Riv«r
Condor Portland and Astoria..
Roanoke Panama ...;.
Walla Walla... Pu^et Sound Ports
Lwlanuw Seattle .".
Progreso Tacoma
Victoria Oyster Harbor
Santa Barbara. San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
North Fork riumboldt
Corona Newport '.
Empire Coos Bay ....;..;...;.'..
0. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
Palena Panama & Way Ports.
Point Arena Point Arena
Santa Rom San Diego
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Bergenhus China via San Diego...
Mattewan Tacoma .-..-
Mandalay Coqullle River ;..
San Pedro...... Humboldt *.:. .';..........
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports |
Arcata Coos. Bay
Fob. Id
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb.- 10
Feb. 11
Feb. n
Feb. 12
Feb., 12
Feb. 13
Feb. 12
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
Feb. U
Feb. 13
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
| Feb.* 15
I Feb.. 16
I Feb. 16
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
'¦" ?.¦'¦; . February 10.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
3tataofCal.. Puget Sound Ports.
Santa Rosa... San Diego ,
Eureka....... Humboldt
February 11.
Coronado Grays Harbor
A_rcata v Coos Bay
Australia Tahiti
February 12.
A.rgo. Coquille River
Pomona Humboldt .'¦
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma..
Bonlta. Newport
February 13.
Ventura Sydney & Way Ptis
Queen San Diego
February 14.
Newburg Grays Harbor
February IB.
Empire Coob Bay.
Eureka Humboldt.
(Valla Walla. Puget Sound Port*
Corona Newport
corona.. Wfcruary i 0 .
PoIntArena.. Point Arena ......'.
North Fork... Humboldt
February 17.
3. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
10 am
11 am
• am
9 am
5 pm
4 pm
12 m
10 am
2 pm|
11 am
10 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier 13
Pier 7
IPler 2
Pier »
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 11
9 pm
9 am
Pier 7
Pier 11
S pm
Pier , 3
10 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier »
Pier U
2 pm
9 am
Pier J
Pier 2
11 am
|Pler 24
<un i
Sun i
Moon
ises .
sets ¦
rises
;;VV
6:00 -i
..7.'03
..5:43
•. m.
ITlmel
ITlmel
ITlmel
Time
y
» ...
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
fea
3:15
3:50
4:27
6:14
6:09
L, W
0:54
2:00
2:52
rt :
5.1
6.1
6.1
5.2
5.2
r*
.9:34
10:34
11:36
12:35
1:3
II \V
7:03
8:00
8:55
«.
1.6
.1.4
1.1
0.S
0.5
h ;W
3:53
5:06
6:30
• 7:40
8:42
L. W
2:18
3:01
3:45
| Ft -
S.I
1.7
3.6
3.8
4.1
1:07
• »:W
10:46
11:50
Ft.
8.1
3.6
' 3.1
S.I
13 ...
14 ...
15 ...
16 ...
3.0
2.S
2.7
6.4
5.6
6.8
0.0
—0.2
—0.4
H W
9:30
10:11
10:47
»v-
4.4
4.7
-5.0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Para.... Panama & War Ports.
Coronado Redondo ....:..........'..
Royalist Oyster Harbor
Queen g an Diego
Bonita Newport
1'omona Hmnboldt
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor
Newbun Grays Harbor «...
Tltanla Nanalmo
Argo Coqullle Riv«r
Condor Portland and Astoria..
Roanoke Panama ...;.
Walla Walla... Pu^et Sound Ports
Lwlanuw Seattle .".
Progreso Tacoma
Victoria Oyster Harbor
Santa Barbara. San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
North Fork riumboldt
Corona Newport '.
Empire Coos Bay ....;..;...;.'..
0. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
Palena Panama & Way Ports.
Point Arena Point Arena
Santa Rom San Diego
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Bergenhus China via San Diego...
Mattewan Tacoma .-..-
Mandalay Coqullle River ;..
San Pedro...... Humboldt *.:. .';..........
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports |
Arcata Coos. Bay
Fob. Id
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb. 10
Feb.- 10
Feb. 11
Feb. n
Feb. 12
Feb., 12
Feb. 13
Feb. 12
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
Feb. U
Feb. 13
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
| Feb.* 15
I Feb.. 16
I Feb. 16
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
'¦" ?.¦'¦; . February 10.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
3tataofCal.. Puget Sound Ports.
Santa Rosa... San Diego ,
Eureka....... Humboldt
February 11.
Coronado Grays Harbor
A_rcata v Coos Bay
Australia Tahiti
February 12.
A.rgo. Coquille River
Pomona Humboldt .'¦
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma..
Bonlta. Newport
February 13.
Ventura Sydney & Way Ptis
Queen San Diego
February 14.
Newburg Grays Harbor
February IB.
Empire Coob Bay.
Eureka Humboldt.
(Valla Walla. Puget Sound Port*
Corona Newport
corona.. Wfcruary i 0 .
PoIntArena.. Point Arena ......'.
North Fork... Humboldt
February 17.
3. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
10 am
11 am
• am
9 am
5 pm
4 pm
12 m
10 am
2 pm|
11 am
10 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier 13
Pier 7
IPler 2
Pier »
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 11
9 pm
9 am
Pier 7
Pier 11
S pm
Pier , 3
10 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier »
Pier U
2 pm
9 am
Pier J
Pier 2
11 am
|Pler 24
<un i
Sun i
Moon
ises .
sets ¦
rises
;;VV
6:00 -i
..7.'03
..5:43
•. m.
ITlmel
ITlmel
ITlmel
Time
y
» ...
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
fea
3:15
3:50
4:27
6:14
6:09
L, W
0:54
2:00
2:52
rt :
5.1
6.1
6.1
5.2
5.2
r*
.9:34
10:34
11:36
12:35
1:3
II \V
7:03
8:00
8:55
«.
1.6
.1.4
1.1
0.S
0.5
h ;W
3:53
5:06
6:30
• 7:40
8:42
L. W
2:18
3:01
3:45
| Ft -
S.I
1.7
3.6
3.8
4.1
1:07
• »:W
10:46
11:50
Ft.
8.1
3.6
' 3.1
S.I
13 ...
14 ...
15 ...
16 ...
3.0
2.S
2.7
6.4
5.6
6.8
0.0
—0.2
—0.4
H W
9:30
10:11
10:47
»v-
4.4
4.7
-5.0
GRAPE-NTTTS.
$600 FOR $1.00.
A Profitable Investment.
Jno. Blakely of W. Lebanon. Pa., re-
ports that he cot more value from Jl.CO
¦worth of Grape-Nuts food than from W0
spent in noted hospitalH, trying to set well
from stomach trouble. He says: "After
all my' experience. I had to ume home
thinking there was no cure for me. I was
6O weak and nervous I co-uld hardly waJk,
and for three years I hadn't a good
night's Bleep. I was run down until I only
¦weighed 120 pounds.
"I commenced using Grape-Nuta about
a year ago and now 1 weigh 163 pounds
and can do as cood a day's work as any
oneJ When I go to oed I sleep all night
peacefully and am refreshed in the morn-
Ing. I use Grape-Nuts " food every day
and know it is the greatest bie:sinc th»t
ever was sent to suffering humanity. I
believe if It had not been for this food I
would have been under the Bod before
this.** There is a reason. No food in ex-
istence contains, in a concentrated form,
the elements that will rebuild the nerve
centers and the brain, as Grape-Nuts, and
the beauty of the food is that it is per-
f ectry cooked at the factory and by the
process of manufacture is predigested in.
a natural way. therefore requires but
trifling power of tho stomach to digest it.
(fcJy A CHAIN OF BARGAINS.
Tif^^r T517" - T^ E DULLEST in the year, \\\\u\
§li^ TRAVELERS' SAMPLES f> Eiderdown Rotes at L'AIGLON BELTS. |j^ |j
ll^X about one-half price. (<th\ Astonishing" Prices to the op g H
Vkk. H e hav ? just received a sample line of , r l\'l// ) i> +¦*¦¦* an* d,i,, C t>c EC i\> nrp. offprint the*!o {•! -^ Mi
V^ffl H UNDERMUSLINS. comprising DRAW- l\$fy' Attract BllVerS. BFLT3 this wee? "t &^ i
B? 0 rovP^? E^ SE ' S KIR ,TS and CORSET W|| LADIES' ROBES, made of prices that suTelydt JM i
m a C 9/w, • ,_ The J' are a11 made of ttnest t ?..|.. b est quality eiderdown, fitted < &P mand attention They V IS JB9
B Q S ?. f , t h b i eaCh . <Hl rausUrfs tucked hem- /?< il back, loose front, wide sailor S£ are made of gwd black i kS&A
IE M stitched or lace and embroidery trimmed. //' ; - A collar; all well sewed; arm- \- IS velvet ribbon with full H Ptf ffi
{Hi tf^K|EsSaiSf-?sss €1 ffl^s a ,Si'I.I I . irSH£ii ill
I fill What !s the Latest Ko,al.» in This ..etear '§ 43fc"^Sii ,\JA\
I )|gB» muslin voke of Valenciennes SeCtlOH Of OllfS? . /'ft of ve?? bSfblack sat- /l^SJ
1 I IS TIT,' fined sLS C i U en er made 3 'and PLEASE ASK US SOMETHING EASY. II ln ribbon, with full ro- ( k\^&\
I S aJrI: tilhed ' made .,% n ;] It cannot be said that any particular M ' , . „ »ette and eight lonjr
IB -^1 Bl *SSS<*"a Also TaDIES'"" GOWNS style is the correct thing, so we have laid ends finished with gilt spikes. Another r *>*+• M j
I H t~^* made of soft bleached muslin'. a supply of every dtflc^lptlon at pricej _ S i»o fc 73
I H J l •» with revor^ of zood nualitv you cant aitord to miss. ¦ . „ , .. _ _ , , , . 5 fan
l^^t li/^7 muslin Imbrolde^y triced; HERE IS AN EXAMPLE-LADIES; Opportunity tO BO'/ EtTlb TGlCle ri 8 S at a I ||
R TSa ts I ' /*7V wi-jif onlv 'i"»«« M'XK RLCIIR. made of very best fast _ , _ _ , _ *K *n-~ IM 1
Pfc*^ El •£ Tl LADIES-' "DRAWERS.' made black Liberty sUk and crinkled Valda silk. PrlC3 Far BjlOW GOSt. 7233 'Ml
In I II <& 1 I O f »,«,,•*. nuniitv muslin tucked with long, full ends of crinkled silk, ex- .„ , .. >- - . ..'_'' / tTSrttai
U 1 g^Sk Snfl SSS^S "'nSSell tra full around the n,ck. Priced 9f ecla!.. r^Ffih^aw^ftl^S 11 ?^ I l£&I
liy I i "Ul^^monW'ihisVot a-re 3 ix! Rosenbergs 25-?w\ Hosels the Very Eest Svided\^e a mSu b t^ n "rn1.^t. r rin^rom a^ ¦ El
and children^! GuiM™Es. D a?rSbS That Money Can Buy. £** StS' SchT!??.!:.?'.!"* .^.iSS rX})\
1 imSTjR fi()1<1 at sample nrieos. which means far Thpy are all made of very best Peru- • wpthtw it TQ'ro^'TTTV'TrV^rii'vV &*£& I
I 1 5S**Ta bolow the regular selling price. vian cotton, warranted fast black, white a r itt V MO\FY TH a\ fl, I f>T ok- tf*Q^J
I Si Among this lot artr BABY DRESSES. or split sole, plain or ribbed top. all dou- OOODS so we hive mark^l ovtr -^ft .Vftl
I' I I rnado of pood quality soft bleached mus- hie solo with high-spliced heels and toes. rtnipn it \\ma'RrHirFS frim '«; ophu iV^-fi^Hl
I III lln, embroidery trimmed yoke, finished at The one price 25e f 0 HANDKERCHIEFS fnom -.cents VTg HI
I S arnSfe Ck r,fw SleeVeB W " h '"^ °' 'lYft The VePV Highest Quality and T ' h '^ "« aVl'rnadeof best' Yawn Vmbrold: H|
I »LI tW»;"; ¦^••o^v.v^ "W.;;h J tA vtsry nig-nesi. yudiuy ana ered and hem sutched or fancy embroid- HI
I \§k\ tW ° " m " ea r r1y S w m i^ e !he"ass d r n t^ the Very LOWOSt PriC3 erecl ed C es. all to be sold for 12Hc |
l^A 1 rf nicnt ls comr>lete - • IS certainly what you want, with a little TL Q lj cu/ pontliru Uoir Da^inor i&? R I
RwJ « SI Hpt»=« T<; a Rihhnn firmnrtunitv courteous treatment thrown ln. We ?uar- I lie II C W LCllLUlf Iidll notulllcli r t&3 HI
P» nOV3 IS a niUDOn UpporiUmiy antee all this. If you, doubt this state- Xothlne haa ev-r V VJBI
li NO One ShOUld OvePlOOk. *>v> ment read the followinc and In- --<^?^S^ been invented^ Wofi 9&yA
II 51 Ribbons are to he sold here this week as tC^Q E P ect thera for yourself. /^^ A-A^^TS that does the work of "»V^I
I WA 1 n\ the^ were never sold before. \!/ LADIE3* "WAISTS, made of N \ J2fi. (/ the CENTURY HAIR I 4
IXW I 5000 yards WIDTH No. 60 RIBBON. -rfHTfcv best fast black satin, tucked ' 1 1 *•§&!£%. If RETAINER. None of rt»
Y £Y i ' I made of best quality / Bl! H»l back, front and sleeves, fancy I II the hair retainers now I M
/ t7 Airtl '.ffl PtVC-i^ brilliant taffeta all- I M\! 0 j tailor stitched adjustable col- ' i xU4^ \. C»\ I in vog-ue ca.u keep the _1 *}
I K/fiSy^VdyB Ur""*§^J ?llk ' soft and wash- \J\>h*J lar, lined throughout, all perfect I ** 7 I titS 1 tlne> shor t hair away c v?r«
I S^TP»S3 s~\' /lii)Vy anle : colors white, I y^S/^ litting, being cut after best . I fcfeX V_~Ji| from th«» neck; a fault T*^S
I Hi IViB AA\ niJ'/t\ re ' J - P lnk . b!lle ?- ni1 \l 1 tailor patterns. Reductions that \Y$\ Jfflt/ 1 tnat spoils the effect i YVta
I HI IbIi <•/**' \ Va/<1 lavender; astonirh- M arft reductions. Regular price \>J*k-~2&iry ot the best dressed wH
I hL-«^!h I ln K |v low • 15c tJ JS.OO; now Slt.Ti* NXS—^X^ woman. It la simple. aSrfc K
I IPSKl I 7^^^/fSu ANOTHER LOT ls In HllT Knittpd IlndPrWPlF Dfinartment We start^he retainer at U
aT\l I I^^ft3 ii4\ made of best nualitv »' UUI nill!iU UIIUBlWBdl UBpOIUIIBMl II G the base of the neck I M
LCSa Bl / V\'^?'9*//J brilliant taffeta, of KaVS Gilt the PfiC3S Ulltl HOT a S12I1 Of and comb upward as far as you deem ne- Uj fe j
i^Sm 111/ \ \i-? /'tLT -«olld colors. with " alG MU ' , IB 1>U " Q " ' 6 cef..«ary. then by pushing th« two ptna in- Ml
ItoSS H Y sT-^skj IT'Ps fancy Hpure of white . rOriTlBr rFICfiS IS tO Be 066II. ward the retainer ls adjusted. It ls orna- fl t3 j
lir"^ 8 ' /7 «L /Til or white cord; width kiHi'™ /vr'D MA tv a ttt? a rrmv<a mental as well as useful, and is mad© of I Mi Bfl
IB V T ri\ 50; colors, preon, ONL OF ObR MAIN AT TIL^.CTIO NS best Italian shell highly polhhed and fag/A
I HI ' "1 \/\ pink. blue, lavender, liiio w £-£-iv i» smoothly finished. Our Introduction price *• 2£l<4 1
I HI I rose and red with white; five inches wide: CHILDREN'S COMBINATION SUITS 50c V3 1
I BJnr H ' reductions that are reductions lll'ie made of very best tiuality Australiaii >* *w|
\Sj3£\ B 1 111 1 r n n in 1 ¦ wool, Swiss ribtfed, steam shrunk and Upna Te o Rarcrftin tn Bp SR./Rfl 1 1
fovpli A Word From Cur Corset Deoartment. medicated. hi B h neck. io ns sleeves, anwo nere is a uargam w bb ae^ea it.
IS AM I « fiuiu I IUIII UUI UUIOCI UCpaiUIICIIli lenKth> ln white onlv . A n article others at 0nC8 'i&$ 1
n£sf& l \ J A nfi^ ARE YOU HARD OX COR- show as bargains at $1.00. Rosenbersr"d r T r^^ .
E BETS? IP SO TRY OUR price,.. T.*5e CHILDREN'S GLOVES made of Tna A V^V
1 BW NEW PRINCESS CORSET. AGAIN— LADIES' PANTS, made of very quality Italian kid. fleece lined. 1 clasp. \ JE fell
1 »«l I. \ is mRdo of kest fast black best Australian wool, Swiss ribbed, steam fur tops. A bargain to boast or o J)c VA£ M j
1 I mi vvOS Italian cloth, all boned with ' shrunk and medicated, ankle length, gTay nn«i#i m •> '« A « * ' -i ; HI ml
1 I HI y^^^ best tempered- steel, double only. French band. The small store's RrlT BdRKLE.N fit EVfifV NOFl SMl S r* I
¦ I Bl /'/%&s3*K Bide steels, rust-proof front price TJie ukLI mwm»%wuw wi «-' ul J ««•• uuu jT I C^ I
E J HI ( (^V\^/'.m steels, all woll made ar.,1 fin- \V> have ]nst received a lot of LADIES' [l2CPriTitinn With rNPPQ T PPt Will Ut Pi I
1 JSSk W\ X.VCV'/' 1 l y he(3; our leader SI. 50 UNDKRVESTS from the renowned UeobUjJUUIl, 111111 rllbCO 1 1.Gl Y5 111 0iS7 Ml
Wl$ £ i-^lN »¦ ANOTHER-LADIES 1 KM- BpriiiRfield KnlttlnB Company. They are Aqfnnkfl thP MO 1 ?! FrUllpnt /J^SI
Jf 09 B\ *'h * TIRE G1RD1-E CORSET. the product of the most skilled workmen. A51UHIMI IIIC ifiUil 1 lUUSHl. \f /jf ffl )
W tSBUWA , w „ mafle of bo;:t French cloth. every detail beinp; perfectly llnished. They CS&^^a^. /o£T Som#- are made ln th«> 7 $*3/A
mSSLd*& well boned, runt-proof iront steel: colors are made of beat wool, fine ribbed, hlsh rft£j«' jfci 1 ' T ¦ 1) new Kg^-ptian. gold effHct I H Zv^uSit
BrrWl blue, pink, white and black; tho bar^in neck long sleeves, neck crocheted with **&&&8&<$x&Sr oi the very best untar- 1 Jr^isJ
il I ft' I fiti(vker9 ' P rlce • hea\T silk edge and Orawn throiiRh with '*%iPffc£0*^ nishable gilt; others of 1$ jml
SI I HI An Itfim Frnm Our Suit n«nnr'- silk ribbon. Colors gray and white. Roa- gilt with stones or plain: IS Ji/
' HI I An nem f rOIU UUr. ami Uepan- enberg"s way of selling:.. S1.-5 - , m^gf^ in every slate and pattern. If OTI
Hi IS! ment, and a Good One, Too. cTni?F np\vs i'C'-*^, «nsing from esc II I SB/
BLJ.BI LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, made of O i lU« 1 ' ¦"""<'• _ , ft ' . /¦ f gl
HSff^ fc^t quality all wool cheviot, applique*. fiiLK MOREEN SKIRTS. Roman stripe SnOtnOr 031181102^ UDDOnUnitY. / I tf> PI
iU&Xi 6 «™»™« %&£& "-n^y ftSft siiLk' WA»T™.:M:?8 SS^ 11 "!^^""^. ( IKS/
Xfvgk Rl . ail perfect hanRlnj? and fitting: the ma- CHILDREN'S MACKINTOSH... *l.n6 made of very best all linen braid: al new \^& &\
WfiM Bl '¦ terial alone would cost more than ve ask EIDERDOWN DRESSING SACQLE3 fancy stitches; all hand made; 24x24 Ir- / >Ta Q]
Hll''BI > for the .skirt complete ; v ..L;./....g2.05 — ••••• *>8c resistible values at OSc lifl }\
iUik^I^v Semi-Annual Sale cf Umbrellas. TYYO "O ACl?TMTDT?T>r« /// I al
S^^ I f> B=2^^^v THIS IS AN EVENT WATCHED FOR IB R H. W\ \ llSHlltS BiHiBiIT L^ifUl //
• BY ALL SHREWD BUYERS. fj UII ±\) \J\JM1M JLPJU ±\)\J j Jj&S? jg!
I BT^lS \i^^ BRELLAS. made of best quaJlty twilled £*":_, Q 1 CZ ' I\/T rj *- \r (^ f- C(- PWPT ,„ /^^^US^J
/ BF^ Gloria, steel rod. tempered steel frame, }f"gj OlO IVlarKCLOt, SSoaO. / //^fi
I Ml . . IS trimmed. It's a sacrifice, but they must RUNNING THROUGH TO f£2%. sJSV
I Bl »* go. Repular price $1.00; our sale u Q'FARRELL. f&JlzSKJtrS •
CO0<XXX>CO<X>OO<>OOOOO
X Caused by over-work! Over-eating! Over-drinking! No part of the human body receives more ill treatment X
S than the bowels. Load ''after load is imposed until the intestines become clogged, refuse to act, worn out. Then A
yo u must assist nature. ; Do it, and see how easily you will be cured by CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. Not a X
•JS ; mass of violent mercurial and mineral : poison, but a pure vegetable compound that acts directly upon the diseased X
X -and worn out intestinal canal, making it strong, and gently stimulating the liver and kidneys; a candy tablet, X
X pleasant to eat, easy an4 delightful in action. Don't accept a substitute for CASCARETS. 25
j£r a to I'u bring a sargeon.—veweler'a Weekly." har» 5C
Jft * nC * "I B*t« I°°« 1* days at a time without E3"" • Jrv
Cj JEBBT' Hi . on mortmtat of the bowtK Chronic eonitipa- no Cj
Vf. JmSmtr BBR IA . tlo° for seren years placed me in this terrible aB k jT
*r\ . . jKSBSr Ma • • IS a*k ¦ * in- condition! I did aT«rythin<t 1 beard of but aertr chajJ . fj
Syr JSaWW MiH^VM MMi i.j found any relief nntlll began u*ln» CASCARETS. . Xj*
Jnk. iflljS^r gfiWIr - WH kUMnJ ea 1 now her* from onow three paatmses ma%r. and ca.IT . ' >TV
C3 mMBSb WBm WW 1HHH ««nn- lf l WM rlch I v <>nld cIto HC0.0O for each mor«- ™. U
X EBBS WM BESm »en*» UUncbt relief." AYtM2RL.H0NT, Th * Jy.
f3 BBsE 1^1 ' Mwwwr n^ ¦'"'" lSBOKumell St.. Detroit, Mich. it«»"" M" \J
Jf * f^H ' TomniY P *h&t do t^*" out —*t(?*" *n elf * gf\
9 BEST FOR BOWELS AND LIVER. % X
d J^Bk \ m 1 1 1 ¦ 3Bfc HI WSm mtiBmft*^^^ NEVER SOLD IN BULK' O
X THE TABLET 1^^ 'DRUGGISTS a
Jn±. ' headache. Indtgeatlca, plmple». pain* alter entlngt liver trouble. lalloweoa- «lmllar medicine ln U»*» worta. Thli It abialnto proof of great merit, and iV
C3 . »l«xl«i Md dfiBlne... W^en 'your biweU doa^moTe TVeralarly yoiari C. onr bert t^tUaonfiO-^ We i«*vertath. and will .elf CASOA&ETS^ab.oluij-l.T Q
-JT: ",. a«tctmsalck. Coaatlpatloa kllU More people than all other dlaeasea together. : ", - piaranteed iocare .or aioaey reCanded. «• bay today, two SO« boxes. i «Jto
C3 ¦* •• » »««*''•' the fhronle alliaenCa and lona jesra •r»u«>rlB* t»»« come th«m » f^lr, hone.t trl»I7 »• per •larple direction., and \t yoa are not «»tUtl«a j^V
lUf afterwarda. Ho matter what nils tob, start taking CAKCAKKTS today, for aXter oilng one 5Oe box. return the nanaed 5Ue bo-c wnd the empty box to %^
J\ torn will nerer ret welt and be well all the time until yon *«t yowr k«weU n« by wall, or the truggitt tmm whom yon purchased It. ana ret yonr money Jf±
%9 rl«kt. Take oar ttdvteet start with CASCAJB£TS today, mnder ma absolute feaek for botu boxes. Take onr advlee-no natter what alia you-mtart today. C J
jC fra»r««£e« to ear* «r moaeyrefKdSsU • *»««y. ¦»»"• ma »»»•» Health will onlckiy fbllow and you will blea- the day too flrat ataru-d the o.e V
.Q •.. . . "."./; '.;. .J: .--. > "iF.\. Tr otCAACAJtE'tSU Book, free by atalL Adds «TKaiU*»M311»1 'CO., Saw lark ar Calcaza. a^H. FRONT ELEVATION OF THE FACADE WHICH WILL BE A FEATURE
OF THE CALIFORNIA FRUIT CANNERS' ASSOCIATION EXHIBIT AT
THE PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION AT BUFFALO. .
of which have been made. by Shea & Shea,
the local architects. This facade will be
twenty-five feet- front and will be com
posed of California redwoods of different
species, highly polished. All the orna
ments of this front will be hand-carved
and will present- a handsome- appearance.
It was also learned yesterday that the
California Fruit- Canners' Association,
with headquarters in this city, has made
a liberal appropriation to have Its goods
brought to the notice of Kastern resi
dents. The association has accepted a
design for a facade to Its exhibit prepared
by Shea & Shea. The whole front will be
in California redwoods, but to add novelty
to the whole effect the other three .walls
will be composed of glass Jars fllledr with
California fruits.
Arrangements have been made to send
the miniature Ferris wheel which has
been on exhibition in this city for several
years to Buffalo as part of the California
exhibition. It will be filled with Califor
nia dried fruit and is sure to attract con
siderable attention.
The Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Episcopal. Church
will preach this morning on "Childhood
Training" and in the evening on "Lessons
From a Picture." • *
The Rev. J. Stephens of the Simpson
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this evening on "What It In to Be a Chris
tian." . ¦ • .
The Rev. Frank K. Baker, pastor of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church, will
preach this 'morning . on "Many Open
Doors, but Many Adversaries;" and in the
evening he will discuss '.'Trafficking In
Human Flesh and Blood."
"My Brother in Black and White" will
be the subject of a sermon to be preached
to the congregation of the Central M. E
Church this morning by the Rev. H. F.
Briggs. .
The Rev. Herbert:Parrish of the Church
of tho Advent! will address a mass-meet
ing for men only In the Toung Men's
Christian Association- building this after
noon. . . . .. ¦•--•. ¦-./••;¦:¦ . .
The Rev. F.' 8. Ford of the First Chris
tian Church -will preach this morning on
"Our Own Christ", and in the evening on
"God So Loved."
Dr. O. J. Shaw of San Diego will occupy
the pulpit of the Rev. H. H. Bell of the
United Presbyterian Church to-day. : • In
the morning Dr. Shaw will i preach on
"Courage'y and in the evening he will dis
cuss "The Great Question." ,
The Rev. John Heraphill, pastor "of Cal
vary Presbyterian Church, will preach at
both services to-day. In the morning his
topic will be "The Signs of the Times"
and in the evening "The Worth of a Man"
will be his subject.'--. '• -. , '
Professor F. Goebel of Stanford Univer
sity will deliver, a lecture In the Young
Men's Christian Association building on
Thursday#evening next on "The Niebelun
gen Lied." ' >¦:¦.'. -.'*
, PASSED . A FICTITIOUS CHECK-Oeorse
Jnaraxick was arrested yesterday by Detectives
Ryan and CDea and booked at the City Prison
on the felony charge of making and passing
a fictitious check. He passed a check for }20
drawn on the Union Trust and Loan Copipany'
on Adolph Mantke, 797 Mission street. Febru
ary 1. . »
Oovcniment Buys Typewriters.
The purchasing * department of the
United States Government " in this city
placetl an order with L. &-M. Alexander
& Co. for twenty-five more Smith Premier
Typewriters. They are to be distributed
among the various departments. •
Fook Charged With Murder.
Loo Fook, who fatally shot Hon Tick
at Washington street and Fish alley
Thursday night, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of murder.
Accused of Extortion.
Ng Lean, a Chinese cook at the Ingle-
Eide racetrack, secured a warrant from
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
two men on the charge of extortion. He
rays he will be able to identify them.
Wednesday he was in the woods near the
track shooting robins when two men came
up to him and represented they were po
licemen. They said he was violating the
law and arrested him.' Then they said
that If he grave them $20 they would re
lease him. They finally came down to ?5
and he gave them the money.
CARNIVAL BOXES
IN GREAT DEMAND
Hopkins Institute Is Being
Transformed Into a
Bower of Beauty.
Carpenters , were busy all . yesterday
erecting r the boxes at the Hopkins Art In
stitute for the Mardi'G/as carnival, which
will be held Tuesday evening. February
19. The main ballroom will present a beau,
tiful; appearance when all the elaborate
decorations have been completed. Captain
Fletcher -is In the building daily person
ally . superintending the- hanging or the
draperies, and he stated yesterday that
one of the features' of the decorations will
be a -novelty in the illumination of the.
rooms by many-colored ¦ lights in an en
tirely new and novel manner.
The boxes will be draped in the carnival
colors of red and yellow, and will be so lo
cated that the occupants will enjoy a com
manding view of the entire main floor.
Two more of these boxes were sold yes
terday, and only six remain. Those who
are desirous of-' securing these boxes
should Immediately order them, as they
are expected to be sold without any dif
ficulty the earlv part of thl3 week.
The main hall end gallery will be taste
fully decorated with a floral effect, and it
is expected to be the handsomest and
most up-to-date decoration ever attempt
ed In. this city. -
•The supper menu will be of handsome
design. On the front page the coat of
arms of the carnival will be printed in
colors, and it is expected that the menus
will be much, in demand by the merry
throng as fitting souvenirs of their night's
enjoyment. . • .
A mission will be opened In Holy Cross
Church this morning, when the Inaugural
sermon will, be preached at the. high
mass. The exercises will be conducted by
the Paullst Fathers. The first week will
be for women and the second week for
men. The week-day instructions will be
as follows: Mass of the mission: with in
struction, 5:30 a. m.; mass, 6:30 a. m.;
mass and instruction, 9 a. m. ; short In
struction, rosary, mission sermon and
benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, 7:45
p. m.
Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast, V. G., will
deliver the discourse at the 11 o'clock
mass in St. Mary's Cathedral this morn :
ing. Rev. Edward Dempsey will preach
in the evening.
The concluding exercises of tho mission
for men now being, conducted in St. Ig
natius Church will be held this evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The services will consist
of the rosary, an appropriate sermon, Pa
pal blessing and benediction of the
Ble«=sed Sacrament. The sermon will be
preached by the Rev. Marshall Boarman.
A meeting of the Ladies' Sodality of St.
Ignatius Church will be held in the sodal
ity chapel at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Rov. -Father Eugene Mageveny will
preach the sermon at the 10-:33 -o'clock
mass in St.. Ignatius Church this morn-
Ing. In the afternoon at 3:15 o'clock a spe
cial discourse will- be delivered by: the
Rev. Father Mageveny to all the ladles
who made the mission last week, and
such other lady acquaintances as they
may desire to invite.
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach' this morn
ing on "The Song of Moses," and in the
evening on "The Rule of .the People."
• Rev. George Adams, pastor of t,he First
Congregational Church, will preach this
morning on "A Paying Companionship,"
and In the evening on "Is Not This the
Christ?"
The members of the First Church of
Christ, Scientist, will discuss "Soul", this
morning. . -
¦ • Rev. E. A. "Woods, pastor of the^First
Baptist Church, will discuss "The Duty of
the Church to Children" this morning and
In the evening "The Statue of the
Churches.", - ¦¦ ¦>¦,'¦ - • .
Rev. WV'M.i Woodward, pastor of Ep
,worth M. E. .Church, will preach this
morning en "The, Unseen Source of Pow
er," and In the evening on .."The Fellow-"
ship In Christian Service." : " . .<:¦
'The Rev. John A. B. -.Wilson will preach
this morning- to the congregation: of the
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church on "The Ground of Individual
Responsibility," and in: the evening on
1'The Responsibility of Living." .¦
Members of the Order to
Hold Sarvicss in Holy
Crcsj Church.
CALIFORNIA will.be well repre
sented at the Pan-American Ex
position that opens In Buffalo 'in
May. W. H. Mills, land agent of
the Southern Pacific Railroad,
said yesterday that arrangements had
been made for California to occupy one
quarter of the entire horticultural build
ing. This structure ia one of the hand
somest and largest edifices . on the
grounds, and being but a short distance
from the main gateway of the exposition
makes it the choicest location within the
boundaries of the fair. The California
Fruit Canners' Association will send a
splendid exhibit of fruits.
The Southern Pacific exhibits that were
sent to the Paris Exposition have been
returned to this country and are at pres T
ent stored in New York. Mr. Mills says
these exhibits will all be sent to the ex
position at Buffalo. One of the great
features of the Southern Pacific/ exhibit
will be the handsome facade, the designs
MISSIONARY WORK
OF THE PAULISTS
CALIFORNIA GANNERS
SEND FINE EXMBKT
¦ ¦ — : •-- — — — ¦ 1. ¦.¦'¦ '^--- .¦¦'•¦
Products of the Golden State Will Be
Well Represented at the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition at Buffalo in; :May
THE SAN FRA^CISGO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1001.
22
r Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neural»l».
DrutgimtM, tie flaak. ¦ Richards & Co., 40C Clay. •
JAPANESE .BRIBER , PUNISHETD— H. V S *•
Morll, a . Japanese who attempted -to. bribe
United States < Immigrant Inspector Scfaell ' to
permit a Japanese girl to land.-was sentenced
yesterday morning: by ' United -- States ? District
Judge de Haven to Imprisonment In the County
Jail for one year i and . to pay a fine of |25. -
of the Genuine
••••A 1 ••••
¦h ' *"¦ * * M ih *'/ H 13 _i *- __9v ¦ '* ¦ B v_ - I ' * B * ¦ * '
STILL GREATER REDUCTIONS
<)N ALL THIS SEASON'S
WAISTS, JACKETS, SUITS I
Misse6' 'and Small Size Ladies' ! Jack- ¦>;• '¦
:ets,7wbrtli"$2b jtb $30^ for
Kearny Street
I ONE WEEK TO LIVE %
Mr. Gray had Bright's Disease ani doctors told him to pre- %
£ pare to meet death, as he would not live one week longer. T
jT -.il?,!, 0 !. 1 }! most "markable. cures ever 'accomplished bv'uie use of Y
t^nedfrom MrRitRl'pv-^^^ aue t0 the never-failln> results ob- A
X t.riv w«?,v n? lI |, NE l J K l DXEY AND BLADDER CURB. In the
raJa th?rS £.£ir -L 1 ?' 1 "'" 1 * throu *, h °ut the states of Illinois and Colo- A
a h ? « ;*rpfti? »n* * a ™ ore P°P ular employe than George W. Giay. By ?
h.s careful and shrewd management of the details of h!s office, Mr. Gray A
$ ROTTF P I JllSflk
<> CURES. . . ijLjiJHpr %
% McBurney's ' *
% XidneyandBladder ?
A . . G. W. GRAY. J&
X Mr*rr,t n L°i V?? 10 * 1 I alaa W« employes or this great corporation.' But Y
? He" had y terrlb^ «rrn«t- tlJat d . ea(S1 / ***"** know n as Briphfs Disease.
V lUl'n It I'lht ivi,« r«P lKhl t0 urlD , ate '- h e w « nervous and could not ®
X ?h/r* u B X» .^ were consulted, but all shook their heads, nying . T
j^ ney ana uiaoacr v-urr. A ot six bottles and continue until cured nn( a X
* , J!? '* ° r tim€S * day * but 8l »P»y «»« bottle
I f^B& m SALE AULTDSUG5T0RES. %
A )¥*¦ *^^P Call ot Office, 114 ELLIS ST., or Write lor §
? <H §f FREE ;S AMPLE. t
Y CJ * >K DR * A - K FOX, Agent. Y
% W. F. McBURNEY, Sole Manufactorer, |'
<£ 418 South Sprlnj St., Lot Aixeles, Cal. All Dra{s!st8. •'. A
What Keeps the Pattosien Co. Busy.
Many wonder, why the ~, Pattosien" Co.
keeps so . bus/Tat .this time of •.the.year.-
The ,way to find ; out,; compare the ; : prices
with those of the downtown stores. ¦ Then
they will know why Pattosien Co.^ Is do^
ing the business, .Of bourse, the house Is
a little out of the way. but it- pays to go
out to .the -Mission- just now, during the
Challenge Sale, when high grade" goods
are going at terribly low, prices. 1161 Mis-
sion street. > ¦> .;- -..-•>'
German Expert Optician.
[Extract from "The San Francisco Dally Bui •
: letin, ' March 19, 1809.]
Numerous Inquiries made by '•The Bulle-
tins' reporter among those who wear Mr.
Mayerle's glasses regularly showed clearly
that In each case perfect satisfaction had been
£ 1^JV,r a 2 d thls fact applied to numerous
COMPLICATED CASES.
German Eyewater 50c.
Consultation, Examination and Advice Free.
Open evenings until 9. ' Telephone South 572.
GEORGE AfAYERLE. German Expert Op-
tician. Charter member American Association
of Opticians; graduate of the N. I. College of
Ophthalmology; also, American* College of
Ophthalmology,
1O7IK Market Street;
(Opposite Hibernla Bank),' San Francisco,
Cal. See' City Directory for Eye Specialists.
Persons ordering glasses by mall should
state their age, whether glasses are wanted
for reading or, distance, and what price.
CUT THIS OUT.
A BULLETIN
REPORTER
CONVINCED
That Mayerle's Glasses Are
FAR SUPERIOR to
AH Others. %
for reading or distance," weak eyes and i>oor
sight, headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vis-
Ion, floating spots, pain about the eyes, behind
the head or tn, the temples, nervousness, sore
eyes, discharging eyes, .feeling like sand In
the eyes, . crosseyes, burning, smarting. Itching,
scratching, twitching eyes, eyes sensitive, to
strong light, etc. NEGLECTED ES'ESIGHT
AFFECTS THE BRAIN. MAYERLE'S
GLASSES STRENGTHEN THE EYES AND
BRAIN. .These glasses are the only ones that
are recommended by the highest United State*
Army, Navy and Government officials.
EXPEBT OPTICIAU".
ADVEBTISjEM^NTa. - ¦.-|fy_'; _-;,
/: i... - - i . ¦¦ •>
ff \ K H *»^^
BITS OF CARPET, worth soc .' 15c
BITS OF STAIR CARPET, worth 35c iric
BITS OF MATTING, worth .^oc 1Oe
BITS OF. OILCLOTH, worth .r=;c ..18e
BITS OF DECORATED BURLAP, worth 25c 2O«
BITS OF OLD DUTCH CARPET, worth 40c 20e
A clearing out of our REMNANT CORNERS at less than half-price.
A^T-xjAKFCT
NEAR GEARY.
*— — f
* — »
5 THE
BUCK GOODS I Bailey's
I HOUSE f ?neumatic
1KB Market Street. g? WHALEBONE
I T " E "' o^r 72 ' 1^ Road Wagon
"^1 Skirts $3.50 sold by...
I p"?AnL Kbw Dress '
\ m mS^i RTUDEBAKEl?
I /I vl • $7 " 50
. 'C^— ><^^ Tiilor 1 L-^H **
: Snits 5 20 - 00 V The thirty years' experience selling
irmno cmrc ta nenro t9A Tn W\ \ vehicIes in California brings results in
J TAILOR SUITS 10 URDLK \IM IU 5>DU. g largely increased business.
\ Fit. 6ty'e, Xtteriti Gciractced- \?
\ 01 I STDDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.
" * l Market and Tenth.
p R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY. \ L -"' WEAVER .^-
g AHEAD GF ALL COMPcTirORS. § AIl-WooI Business
g © Suit6 9 made t-> order,
I thb 1&O , ! i». $ '!f. 0 :
1 TRIBUNE BICYCLES I W§^
Q HAVE ARRIVED. % S25, $30, $35
2 © 'Would Cost Elsewh«r« Twice the Amount.
G Racer, Weighs 20 lbs - $50 2 "
X • PERFECT FIT AND BE8T WORKMAN-
g Roadster -------- $40 O Birrp guaranteed.
I .r fi ,,,TT~o n,,. I JOE POHEIMTHE TAILOR
• I FfiVITT fa RII 8 201 .»d 2O3 I III0andlll2
O LLH V E I I \U UlLLl A Montgomery 6t., I Market Street,
O A BAN FRANCT8CO.
O 309 LARKIN STREET. S 148 S.6p'rln ft St.. Los A n4 de..
ADVEBTISEMXNTS.
This week we will have on sale
some elegant lines of New Goods.
NOTE THE FOLLOWING:
NEW NOVELTY SILKS.
FIGURED GROS de LONDRES, In solid colors ana
. white shot; FIGURED SATIN LOUISINE, In white
shot effects, all new colorings and latest soft finish.
Prices $1.35 and $1.50 Yard.
NEW WASHABLE SILK FLANNEL.
An elegant assortment of NEW WOVEN DOT WASH-
ABLE SILK FLANNEL, In White and Gold, White
and Black, White and Turquoise, White and NaYg
and White arid Red. *
• Price $1.25 Yard.
NEW DH ESS GOODS.
50 pieces NEW FRENCH SATIN SOLEIL, 45 Inches
wide, in the following shades; Seal, Golden, Auto-
mobile Red, Reseda, Grau, Tan, French Blue and Navn.
Price $l.O0 Yard.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS,
7 cases NEW SHIRT WAISTS, from the Yeru. hest
Eastern manufacturers. These Waists are In Lawn,
• Cheviot, Chambpan .and Percale, both white . and
colors, all vern handsomely trimmed.
Prices 75c to $4.50 Each,
SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL.
225 pieces NEW SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL. These
Flannels are In a" great Yarletu of stules, are per-
fectlu fast colors, width 30 inches.
Price 35c Yard*
III, 113. 115. 117. "119; 121 POST STREET.
#*£j NEW STYLES Broken
Wj Straight"- Front -Eyeglass
II a* t\ «% r* t* m ft Lenses replaced for 5O cents.
jgftL V PflK CktV Any Astlsroatlc lenses duplicated for fl.OO
/*S^'*V^ VwllvlJlVl Guaranteed correct and best quality.
/> /c/^sSg Sapphire, Bon Ton and Ocaliita' prescriptions niled. Factory on
I /vtY-S^aB Royal Worcester*. premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala IX
V#k 6 GEARY ST., MrttyffafWMk)
I AT? corner KEAK^vr. OPTICIANS^, JS&P HlCAPMMru *
/^\ 1-1 CHESTER F. WR ; GHT, m f S*S2
/&3$ * Koyal Worcester Corset' 642MaRKET5T. lMSTHUMtNT»
* . ¦ • Flttlny Parlor*. u«0M CMROwcil BUHDW&. CATAI CGUI F«t.
J rft*TnrwoaMg^aSfflmBCTn\ffil H T'HiS'WTtui^KN-owTT andrfluble old
BK^flsWT^m KtlTiTM y^Tc8^^l^^^MffF •*¦ 8p«clall»tct«r<»jr<lon<l Poison, OonorrhCBa.Olei"^
Ff^aKKfrvt "T>?»-a H.*' 1 *\* J k ggwTSiJt Stricture, bpniiiinl W«»kn«!», Impotence »nd tbelf
BP^BMMMBBE|Pj8WMflBgWBMHWfe3S «llio<l Dl«or(3i»rs. Book on Pi.v>a.«e» of Men, tre*.
.. M»MyjS^^ai3wlBB5wmrm^!tfc PU>3dal!7;S:30to3.30»T'c^Sun(lir«.10tr>r^Con<;aU
EvS'*y^''*^T' tttUonlreeaodsacredly confldentla!. Call or address
K^^yW^ ' fV "' **^*j|{'pr§^Sfl^^ 2C>i Ivearny St^ Man Frnncisco.CaL
• I'JS^S^G DDITCUCC FOR BARBERS, BAK-
* t Sfi?^:^fi¥fflfti__ ° _V^6^3g?ft OxlU OXiJiO ers - bootblacks, batn-
P?^^r^^f*fv^¥gyY^rfflCT?l^ brewers, bookbinders, canJy-'malcers. canners,
ESS£n« *-N4 3 ml «3 5 V &Wi£32uS^ dyers, nourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
¦Srrr^fr"^gorTr-| TJffV ai^UWfr^HH irffB h«njfors, printers, painters, shoe factories. sfc*«
w-^iffifliSwsMffiBl vximSrri^^cJ!K blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tallcrs. «ta.
OHBPBIttSBBaafcBBBniBBJCSBBBB^ Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramsnto 35
I of Bar Outfits in Stock, I
i You can make your selection q
H from about 50 styles. We |^
i ship immediately upon order. fi
' a Orders can be f op 'any length, in oak, mahogany or §1
3 ' Positively th« Lowest Prices, on the Coast and fc-i
0 • Satisfaction Guaranteed. pi
I THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY, Inc. I
1 IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET, d
[[ U. * s - : <~ Abp^e 6th, San Francteo. Jg
GEORGE MAYERLBnese have been more daring and
open in their operations and have
conducted themselves as if they
were assured of protection. A law
yer swore that the Chinese keepers
of disreputable houses, which lie
was employed to protect, informed
him that they had no further use for
Jf HE first week of the Leg
islative inquiry into the al
leged corruption, of the* Police
Department is aided and still, there
is nothing- more than-hcarsay- testi
mony and suspicious collateral-cir
cumstances to prove ' Jhat \ Chinese
have bribed officials for immunity
in gambling and' social vice. At
the sessions of the investigating
committee yesterday witnesses testi
fied that many years ago the. Police
been given during the investiga
tion, but at best it is the testimony
of Chinese' presented through the
medium of white go-betweens. :-The
names of the Chinese zvho are said
•*¦ — s : — : : : : — -•!•
In support of this testimony zvas
evidence tending to slww that gam
bling in Chinatown is now being
conducted absolutely without check;
that in. the last fezv montlis the Chi
nese have been more daring and
open in their operations and have
conducted themselves as if they
were assured of protection. A law
yer swore that the Chinese keepers
of disreputable houses, which lie
was employed to protect, informed
him that they had no further use for
Witnesses Repeat What Chinese Have Told
Them of the Creation and Payment of a
Police Blackmail Fund to Insure; Immunity
Legislative^ Investigators Receive Startling Te£
|||||M|||||^M||||iip^ That San Francisco
; Is a Slave Market for Sale of Chinese Girls
GRAVE BUT UNCORROBORATED ACCUSATIONS ARE MADE
AGAINST CHIEF SULLIVAN AND CAPTAIN WITTMAN
Pages 23 to 32
Continued on Page Twenty-five.
Interpreter lUillard Says Chines*
Spoke of Bribing Chief Sullivan
and Wittman.
Jerome XtiHard was then 'called and tes
tified that he was a Chinese interpreter
to the courts of this city and county.' He
had acted as interpreter for twenty years.
He was in Chinatown every day. He
talked ' freely with Chinese and mingled
with them.
"I know," said the witness, "all the
gamblers by sight. I have known Qwon£
Hlng. Chan Chin. Sail* Jose Charlie. Buck
eye and "Wong^ Fook for many years.
They are ¦ all . interested in- gambling
houses. I, have talked with Qwong Hing
about police protection. ¦ He acknowledged
to me that gamblers were to pay for.po
lice protection. -He asked me how. the
white people felt about Chinese gambling
and running houses of ill fame. I can
not remember all -the conversation I "had
with' the men mentioned. This occurred
three years ago. They. told me they be
longed to a committee to secure police
protection for the gamblers and keepers
of the dens. Qwong King told me that
the future management of the . gambling
houses would be in the hands of Chief
Sullivan and Captain Wittman. This was
three weeks ago. I have talked with them
about a corruption fund. '.They said they
had to pay the police- for'; the privilege
of gambling. They spoke of Sergeant
Brophy as the man who collected the
money once a week."
"For what purpose did they say they
gave the money to the police?"
"To secure immunity from arrest.**
"Who told you this?"
!"Quon> Been and another , man whose
name I cannot remember. ¦ They said the*
gra.ve the money u»- Brophy once a. vews
They said the rate paid was $10 for %
gambling house and lotteries.. They wM
"I have. Captain Wittman helped to
close up the highbinders. If that work
had been kept up they would all have
been driven out of the city. To-day they
are very much alive."
"How do you know that?"
"On account of the frequent murders in
Chinatown. I have seen Chinese men ac
cost white men and ask them to go in to
the houses of ill fame." •• »
ACCUSING TESTIMONY
AGAINST THE POLICE
"Have the lookouts for the gambling
places been as . active tn the ' past few
months as they were previously?"
"No. theyt have not. but the -solicitors
for the lottery places have been most ac
tive. They accost people passing alonx
and say to them, Tickets, gentlemen;
tickets, gentlemen. It Is as easy to go
Into one of those lottery places an <t Is
to come Into this courtroom." •"
"What remarks have you heard the
Chinese make as to the air of tranquillity
y.ou have spoken of V
"I have heard them say the tranquil
state was not secured for nothing. The
gamblers seem to be having a good time.
The lookouts have been withdrawn and
the places seem to run without interfer
ence."
"Knowing the Chinese as yoa do, what
would you Infer from the remarks you
heard that the tranquil* time was not se
cured for nothing?"
"I inferred that gambling was to be al
lowed to go unmolested."
"Have you ever complained to the po
lice of the conditions of Chinatown?"
by their owners. They are brutally treat
ed and intimidated. I have often seen
signs ¦ displayed annoncing girls for sale.
There is not* the slightest doubt In my
mind that the sign I have translated is
a sign announcing the sale of human be
ings. I recently translated similar signs
for Captain Wittman."
"I have not heard them so talking, but
there .was a feeling in the air that some
thing of the kind existed. - As the Chinese
say, there .was a' tranquil air. The num
ber of lights in front of the gambling and
lottery places were increased and the
.Chinese would go in and out of- these
places in a free manner, not at all
alarmed or careful."
"What do you know. of the slave trade?"
VAsa Federal officer I am most famil
iar with it. I have prevented the landing
of many girls destined for. the slave dens.
.1 have rescued many girls. from the dens
while aiding the ladies of' the missions"
"Do you know of girls being sold in
Chinatown?" ¦¦*...
"I do. I have one in myxcharge' now
.who was recently rescued from a house of
ill-fame by the mission people. The girl
is a minor.. She will be deported to China
: by, order of the Federal courts. Girls res
cued from the slave dens have told me tn
the mission homes the prices they were
sold for. They, all tell the same unhappy
:story. Many have been -lured from their
homes and forced to lead lives of shams
I'ree Manner, * Indicating No
Fear of Arrest.
A TBAKQTJIL AIR
p^' -PERVADES, CHINATOWN
Q«imblers and Slave-Dealers Act in a
"Do you know where that house Is?"
I do not. It is an easy matter to recog
nize the Chinese houses of ill-fame. Thev
all have lattice work windows, look-out
windows and painted women behind the
windows soliciting; men who pass along
the street. These houses exist in Sullivan
and Ross alleys." < . i .
"Have you seen white meri go into these
places. or voung. white men?"
"Yes, I have seen these women solicit
ing soldiers, mostly- young soldiers I
have never «een white boys go into these
houses.
"Have you seen white men and boys go
into the lottery places?" ¦
"I have seen men and young men go
into them. They went in a few at a time.
I cannot say that I saw police officers
near when these men went in." >
"Are there more lotteries and gambling
places In the last few months than pre
viously?" . .
"I am afraid to say I have noticed
that."
"Have you- heard the Chinese talking
about immunity from arrest?"
paper bearing Chinese characters and wai
asked If he had ever seen a sign like it
displayed In front of a gambling place.
He answered in the negative.
"The gambling house signs are mostly
written on white paper. I have seen
signs like this posted on the street cor
ners.- I was in Chinatown when a report
er asked me to translate this sign. I did
so and he tore it down. It was posted up
on the corner of Sacramento and Dupont
streets on the southwest side."
"Will you translate that writing • for
us?"
"I will give you a free translation. It
reads as follows: 'The stock in trade and
good will of a house .?f prostitution for
sale. Madame Law Wong Sut of this city
secretly escaped and returned to China
on the 14th day of the present month,
leaving behind the business, stock and
trade of the house of prostitution on Sul
livan alley. Madame Law Wong Sut
owed a lot of money on goods advanced to
her by people of, wealth. The creditors
have agreed to take the whole business
and sell it to pay her debts. Any coun
tryman wishing the business let him go
to the house of prostitution and talk to
the creditors. • As to the amounts owed
by Madame Law Won* Sut they will be
reported by the 2Oth of the month. BiUs
will be presented up- to that time and not
after. This notice is civen so that tharo
may be no after talk. Dated QwongSuey
2Cth year Uth day. last month.'
¦ "That- date corresponds with February
4 t 1JI/1. , a - - -
, 1 "I am an, inspector, of .Chinese and in
terpreter for. the Federal .Government and
engaged hi carrying out the' provisions of
the Chinese exclusion laws. I speak Chi
nese - and studied - it in China, Australia,
Canada and In this country. < I am con
stantly'in Chinatown. 1 have never seen
white men play . fantan. but I have . seen
them go into places v.-htre signs were dis-
Flayed. that the : goma . -was playad there,
have never been in the "lottery, place*.
They also have signs displayed." My work
in -Chinatown and elsewhereis to pre
vent the illegal landing of Chinese and not
to-suppress vice.-- 1 saw some ol the gam
bling and lottery, signs last night in China
town/.The signs snowed that. fantan, pi
gow and r lot tery v games. were carried. on
fiiside.V .... ;'-. ¦--:'.¦¦•>¦. :-~. ;
., The • witness i was here handed a red
; Rev. ; John. E. Gardner was then called
to the h. witness- stand and examined by
Assemblyman Schlllig. The' witness testi
fied as follows: - ;
Thls;City.
Chinese'. Bartering Girls in %
"They wanted ; to , be allowed to run
houses of ill-fame unmolested by the po
lice and offered me $6000. I had previously
made the" women move from the street
floor to: the. floor upstairs and they want
ed to be allowed -to occupy their old quar
ters, -i /¦;¦¦/' i ,; ; ¦.•• " ¦ ¦
: "Who was the white' man who made thl3
offer to you?" • T
"I -prefer not to sav. He Is alive, but
has no further dealings with the Chinese.
He. did not tell m« the names of thft Chi
nese who had asked him to make me that
offer. I know that he told -them that it
was useless to see me and tnat all th.»
gold In' the .world would not make m*
illnch from my duty. They insisted, how
ever, that he come to me with the offer.
I never heard a complaint of police black
mail. I never knew of white men visit
ing Chinese" houses '.of ill-fame except
through rumor." •
i ¦ ¦ ; • - « »
TELLS OF j TRAFFIC
\ '¦:>¦ in SI^A-VE . GIRLS-
Kev. Dr. Gardner. Throws light on
"What" was that ottzv'l"
I "Twenty years ago such an offer was
made to me by, the gamblers through an
attorney who is now dead." Seven, years
agi>ait offer was made to me by the Chi
nese" through a white man who had busi
ness deallnps ..with them.".
1 "Was any -offer ever made to you by the
Chinese of a large sum of money In order
that they might be allowed to gamble and
run houses of ill fame?"
"I have no personal knowledge, but
heard ' rumors. Some years ago I dis
charged a number of oflicers who had
done duty In Chinatown. No direct iproof
of corruption was forthcoming, but the
conduct of .the officers warranted dis
missal.". : ' : ' ..'
"I think he did his duty. Charges were
made against him some years ago. I in
vestigated them, personally questioned
women -and assured them of the protec
tion of the law if they testified, and was
satisfied that there was nothing In the
charges against Wittman. He was ac
quitted, by .the Police. Commissioners. .No
special' complaint was ever made against
Wittman from Chinatown. There is al
ways trouble up there, however."
"Do you know of police corruption by
the Chinese?". .
• "What is your opinion of Captain Witt
man's record' In Chinatown?"
Brought Charges Against the
Captain. '_
Personally Questioned People Who
and that is the last seen of her by her
friends. She Is to be found In the slave
dens, of Chinatown."
CBOWLET THINKS* THAT v
_ WITTMAN IS HONEST
"To convict in these- cases, we must
have certain testimony. , Tne law mignt
be amended to aliow the introduction of
certain evidence. The Cnlnese use. beans,
pea-s, buttons and even candy In playing
lanian. The law.' ought to allow these
things to be Introduced as evidence in
gambling ; cases. Regarding • immorality
In Chinatown, I used my etlorts to have
a law passed which "allowed the reputa
tion of a house to be-introduced-In-evi
dence. vTo suppress immorality, the only
way to >do is ; to .blockade the quarter
where the; houses are. '* It .would take 200
men to do this In Chinatown. I 'have done
It, but it left, the rest. of the city without
protection." I know of the slave trade ex
isting in the city: It exists far differently
to what most people think. ¦•; Some news
paper men understand the methods of the
dealers . because . they • haye investigated
the subject." A '¦:-'.• ¦'¦'•¦ . ". •
• The* ex-Chief then went' into detail as
to how . the > slave - dealers v get' hold of
young, women of their -race and -force
them to lead lives of shame. He told how
women are brought from ¦> China, -landed
under the guise of - r being native-born
Americans, married '.if necessary . - to«- a
Chinaman to satisfy the courts and then
placed In ,the slave dens. He also- told
how respectable women "are ; torn- from
their husbands or families, by,, the ."slave
dealers using the American courts of law.
"A trumped .- up .'charge of* larceny is
made, warrants are. issued, the woman is
arrested and taken away from 1 the j>lace
where : she ' lives into another, city." .. There
ball 'is furnished * for f her : by - one " of s the
gane. . the ¦ dealers " get • possession \ of ', her
"I waiit your opinion as an ex-Chief of
Police of tnls city" as to tne best met nods
to suppress gambling in Chinatown."
"That is a nard Job." • - -,-¦
1 "Were you ever able to suppress it?"
"1 did all I could/' -¦ -
"Why is it dlliicult to . suppress ; fantan
games andlotteryV" - ,
"It is difficult to secure the legal evi
dence." . - .
' "Uo you think It is the fault of the
laws?" ¦;'• .
"I have lived in this city for more than
fifty years and was Chief of Police for
twenty-live years. That was the only po
sition I ever held' in the department:" "I
am now.' connected with > the ' Hibernla
Bunk. I 1 can say nothing as to the police
methods of this city at" the present time.
1 was sick when 1 1 left the i department,
and have not taken any .-interest but lit
my own business.".. ••-. ,. . "¦-.. ,;
The afternoon session" commenced sharp
on time' and ex-Chief of ¦ Police " Patrick
Crowley was the first witness called.
Chairman Knowland put the questions to
the ex-Chief, who testified as follows;
and. Offers' Made to Cor-
nipt Him.
Tells of His Experience With Chinese
Reporter J. J. Boyle was recalled, and at
the request of Mr. Dunne was askea lor
the address of the house where he went
to on Friday night with Assemblyman
Wright, where the latter played fantan
with Chinese. The witness stated that
the house -wa3 situated at 803 Dupont
street, and the room they played in was
on the second floor. : He described | the
place as being a "big Chinese restaurant."
The witness denied that he had made any
previous arrangements for: the game, but
divulged the fact that he had made ar
rangements with a white man to take Mr.
Wright and the witness to the same. This
admission caused a, loud, laugh.. In the
courtroom, and Attorney Dunne asked
that Boyle furnish the name of the white
man with whom arrangements to visit the
game had been made., Boyle promised to
have the man on hand when wanted by
the committee. . , , < ' • •
EX-CHIEF P.CEOWIEY
ON WITNESS' STAND
1 "I won't swear they don't play and I
won't swear they can't get In."
"That will do."
.'"Only what I have heard."
'¦ "Will ! you swear that , white ' men' don't
play fantan, or cannot get In the gambling
rooms where it is played?"'
"Do you mean to tell us that In your
experience in Chinatown you do not know
that these houses In Baker alley are
houses of ill-fame and that the women
who live there lead notoriously immoral
livesTi. . ¦' . '-« ¦--?: r? * -.*¦'¦ •,-•
Finn was examined by Assetablymaii
Webber, and in reply to questions said:
j "I am a watchman in Chinatown.,1 watch
stores, lodging-houses, family houses and
warehouses. There are no gambling places
in my district There were a lew fantan
games some time ago; but none now.. I
don't know of any he uses of ill-fame or
lottery places being in my district. 1 have
never seen white men play fantan with
Chinese. They will never let a white man
in. Once I wanted to show some visitors
how the game was played, and I asked the
gamblers to let us come in. They, let us in
the -room but there : was . no "' game in
progress. I am not- a' special officer and
have no star." T am .well known to the
Chinese. 1 know where 731 Pacific street
Is. I have never been in it; but have seen
white men go In." (This is .the place
where Witness Boyle purchased lottery
tickets.) "The white men "who went in
were police officers. I never saw any oth
er white men go in there. I have seen
Chinese women in houses, but never saw
any thing to offend me eye."
"Do you know of any houses in China
town being used for immoral purposes?"
"I cannot say that I do."
"You watch all that property you have
described and know for , what use each
house is put to, do you not?"
. "Yes." V
"Will you not swear that some of those
houses were used for Immoral purposes?"
"I will not swear that some of them
were so used." c .•¦ ~
"You never saw a fantan game?"
"No. I have been in houses where I was
told it was played, but never saw' the
game." .."•-. - : '¦ '•--..
The witness then stated that opium was
smoked in almost every house in China
town, but that there were no places where
men went to in order to smoke. -N4.t the
request of Mr. Webber the witness de
scribed the buildings which are on either
Bide of Baker alley.
• "Is not Baker alley. the most. notorious'
in Chinatown?" -• . .-.-.. .-- -
. "No; there are no gambling dens there "
"Are there any houses of ill-fame
there?
"Women live there, but • I cannot say
they lead immoral lives.":-:
Police, but Makes a Very
Poor Witness.
He Is Placed on the Stand by the
WATCHMAN FINN IN .
A FORGETFUL MOOD
brother to Chinatown when the latter
bought lottery, tickets. He went to Chi
natown six times and visited about twenty
lottery rooms. Boyle saw his brother buy
tickets and had himself purchased some.
Many «h!te men were in the lottery
rooms. Witness had never visited a fan
tan game. , •
• At the request of Attorney Dunne, who
represents the polfoe, D.A.Finn, a watch
man in Chinatown, was called to the wit
ness stand. It would have been better 11
Finn had not been put forward, for he
made a sorry exhibition of himself. In his
efforts to prove that white men were not
allowed to play fantan Finn went so far
as to describe the Celestial quarter as be
ing as pure as snow. He furnished con
siderable amusement to the members of
the committee and the crowd of specta
tors.
Alden Boyle, a student of the High
School, was the first witness called. He
testified that he was a brother of J. J.
Boyle, the reporter for the Examiner who
had previousl y, given 'evidence; to. the'eom
inHtee.-The witness had accompanied his
At the morning session of the legisla
tive investigation yesterday. Speaker Pen
dleton of the Assembly and Arthur Flsk,
who fathered the "searchlight," were on
hand to witness the proceedings. Although
the session was called for 10 o'clock, there
were no witnesses present 'until an hour
later. • , ' . _ v . .
For the slave trade which exists in San
Francisco the *- — ' police cannot' be
wholly blamed.- Corrupt Federal officials
have been exposed many times, all of
whom were in league with the slave deal
ers. For many years The Call waged war
on the slave dealers and PJ "••- vaite al
lies and to-day the bars arc closely guard
ed by the Government to prevent the im
portation of the female wares.
alluring and remarks have naturally fol
lowed this condition of nffairs. As far as
any direct allegations were concerned Dr.
Gardner could make none. He showed,
however, that crime and vice are rampant
and are growing very rapidly.
Jerome Millard/an-interpreter.' gave the
startling testimony that he was • told" by
Chinese that'tb^y paid , their ' corruption
fund to- SergeaA Brophy and 'were as
sured that if, -the .money were, paid Chief
Sullivan and -.Captain /Wittman . would
guarntee immunity. - '• v • -~
Robert Ferral related his woes as . an
attorney" who/- had lost employment -by
Chinese slave downers. He declared that
his cllents'told him that they were dealing
directly with .the police. A reces3 was
then taken until 9:30 o'clock to-morrow
morning. \ '. "• • ••* ¦* t. .
. .., • . -.
TELLS ' OF SLAVBBY - - . •
- _ - AXlLPOLICE . BRIBEBY
Yesterday's Ssssion Produces Impor
tant Testimony From Men of
Standing in Community. *
.While yesterday's. sessions of the legis
lative- committee's investigation of the
Police Department were devoid' of any
sensational features, the testimony was
of a most Important character.
That gambling and vice had Joined
hands to corrupt the Police Department
was testified to by ex-Chief of Police
Crowley, who not only had heard a' few
years ago that some of his officers were
dishonest, but had been approached him
self with the view of allowing the criminal
element, of Chinatown to ue guaranteed
Immunity.
Another important fact was brought out,
namely, that Chinese (ramblers and lot
tery dealers had openly claimed that they
had . paid money to Chief Sullivan and
Captain Wittman. The testimony, was
merely hearsay, but sue" as It .was it
behooves the Chief and his captain to dis
prove it. .-"'., V * V- •...';¦
Flaring immorality and the barter for
gold of human chattels were told of by
Rev. Dr. John E. Gardner who is. with
out doubt, the best qualified man In the
United States to testify as to the. doings
of the Chinese in this city. For many
years Dr. Gardner has waged war against
the slave dealers In his capacity as Chi
nese inspector and Interpreter for the
Federal Government. His testimony yes
terday might have referred to the city of
Peking rather than to San Francisco, bo
terrible were the facts disclosed.
Dr. Gardner also testified that it is as
J*z.sy to get into a Chinese gambling game
iH it is to enter a courtroom in the Hall
X* Justice. He has beard also that
gambling in Chinatown appears to go on
without . interference through . some, ar
rangement with 6crce j one. t The" houses
are being beautified and are being made
The next witness was the Rev. Dr
Gardner, who translated a notice which
h js been and is now posted on the walls
cf Chinese. It is -a notice and announce
ment of the sale of slave girls who are
held in bondage in Suluvan alley. This
19 the first instance, perhaps, in this city
in a Judicial inquiry where the authorita
tive statement has been made that San
Francisco is to-day a slave market. Not
only this, but Dr. Gardner told of other
elgns which showed that in Chinatown to
day Chinese girls are for sale. This, in a
v.ay, is one of the most startling bits of
t»silmony sriven at the investigation.
Ab far as police corruption is concerned
ex-Chief Crowley said that twenty years
apo there was corruption in the depart
ment and twenty-three men were dis
missed for dishonesty. What the -charac
ter of the present administration may be
the witness did not presume to say.
..bout 6lx years ago ex-Chief Crowley
eald that a deliberate effort was made to
bribe him. He was offered $6000 if he
would permit abandoned women to live
on the first floors of houses. He, of
course, declined to do so.
Hlfl testimony consequently was of ex
treme Interest. He said that the great
obstacle to the suppression of gambling
Is the extreme difficulty under which the
police- must secure competent evidence.
The Chinese use implements in their gam
bling which are apparently Innocent. As
far as Captain Wittman is concerned.
Chief Crowley said that he had never
found anything which convinced him of
the dishenesty of that officer. When the
charges were brought . several years ago
against Captain Wittman. ex-Chief Crow
ley said that be believed the charges to
t>e true- Investigation convinced him,
however, of his error.
Ex-Chief cf Police Patrick Crowley was
one of the most interesting witnesses of
the day. His testimony left no doubt
upon at least two points of the Inquiry.
He- declared that It Is extremely difficult
and always has been for the Police^De
;.artner.t to 6uppress gambling - la the
Chinese district." Further^ than that Chief
Crowley said that there* Is no question
that In times past there has been corrup
tion in the Police-Department in reference
to Chinese. Not only was this the fact,
but Chief Crowley declared that an effort
was even made to bribe him.
>^>cHE courtroom was crowded to the
j I doers yesterday morning: when the
1 1 legislative investigators resumed
H their Inquiry. The affair has been,
a subject of »r eat Public Interest
since Its commencen.ent and the develop
ments of each day simply 4dd to
* this Interest. .The police ' placed a
witness on the stand yesterday and
had the chagrin of knowing that
they had committed a most serious
blunder. They called E. A. Finn, a watch
man employed by Chinese. He has worked
In Chinatown for ten years and . swore
that he never saw to his own knowledge
b. house < 1 ha/i repute or a gambling house
In the district. That sort of testimony
had the expected effect upon the commit
tee. John Boyle, the Examiner reportc-,
told how he had secured for Assemblyman
Wright the privilege of playing fantan.
to have made these damaging, as
sertions are known; and the coolies
will probably be, called, by\ the com
mittee.
WITNESSES WHO MADE GRAVE
ALLEGATIONS AGAINSTiTHE
POLICE.
¦This testimony is the most direct
in its accusations of any which has
Testimony zi'as given that Clii
ncse gamblers have told white, men
that they paid blackmail to the, Po
lice Department, that Sergeant
Brophy was the collector for the de
partment and that Chief of Police
Sullivan and Captain- Wittman
had given assurances that the po
lice would not molest gamblers or
disturb illegal houses if the money
were paid.
Department zvas unquestionably
corrupt in its relations zvith Chi
nese and that bribes, were offered
even to' the Chief of Police.
It. was also testified that even
now announcements are posted j on
the walls of {Chinatown giving in
formation of the sale of slave girls
jn this city. That San Francisco is
a slave, market for Chinese girls
was therefore for the first'time. an
nounced in a judicial proceeding.
'These,. in outline, were the develop
ments yesterday in the inquiry.
his services as they were dealing di
rectly, with the police. They told
him that if he could assure than
absolute immunity in gambling and
social vice they would pay him
thousands of dollars and would
give many other thousands to per
sons who ivould fix the police.-
SAW FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
Pages 23 to 32One mile, the Clubhouse handicap— Glen lake
won, Moroni -second, Dissolute . third. .-Time,
1-46^1. -../•:..--.
Seven furlongs — W. • J. Deboe won, Mlas
Kanover second, Choice third. Time, ; 1:23. »
Six furlongs. 8ellln»-»Mlss Golightly * won,
Ferraunt second, Llttls Duchess third. Time
!•-»*-¦ :¦¦ . • , ¦ •¦ *¦ ¦¦¦
Steeplechase, handicap, short course—Dl
vertlsement won, Harve B second, Isen third
Tlm«. 3:i5%. " : . . *. , ~ ,• '
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 9.— Weather
cloudy; track heavy. Results:: • .
One mile, selling— George b. Cox won. ' Kcome
second, Uhlers third. Time. 1:49H. ' ¦ "
Three and a half furlotigt— Lena A won Lou
Woods second," Miss ¦ Charlie third. Time,
Results at New Orleans.
A second victory graced the banner of
the Fireman's Fund baseball team yester.
day after the University of California
nine was extinguished on the Golden Gate
proundp, the score readlnjj 13-9. For three
innings California played as if It had met
a baseball teacher Borne time in Its brief
career. But in the fourth a tragedy fell
upon the collegians, whose faces grew
longer and longer as the insurance men
piled up eight rues. That ended the game
for all purposes.
Early In the game California's etickers
found Moskiman, and two home runs,
once with the ba&s crowded, made the
doctor think there was some hitting
strength around the plate. California's
Joy was 6hort, however. That fourth In
ning, when every policy and premium
xnan used Overall as a rood subject,
erased eJl the yellow off the collegians
Eklrts and hopes. Roland relieved Over
all In the next inning and the team
steadied. The score:
FIREMAN'S FUXD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO..A. E.
Van Haltrcn. cf.... 6 2 2 5 3 0 0
W. Hammond, 2b.... 4 112 12:
ICror. e» « ll 0 1J.1
WVMyr, 2b ..... S 3 3 115 2
Moskiman. p ........ 6 0 2 0 O 60
Follansbef, lb 4 1.1 0 15 0 0
nutler. If 6 11 1 10 0
f. Hwnmcnd. c 2 112 4 10
GolJsworthy, rf .... 1 2 0 I ( • ¦
Collins, rf 1 0 0 0 1 0 o
Totals 33 12 U u 27 16 *6
UNIVERSITY OF CALJFOItNIA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hunter, e 6 110 0 3 0
Praly. 2b 5 2 3 0 4 l I
Smith, lb & c 5 11 0 8 >1 l
Overall, p. & lb 4 0 0 0 5 3 0
Hamlln, If 4 2 2 10 0 0
K»n|T.- n» 4 10 15 1 0
Kennedy, rf < 1 1 0 2 1 «
Zan. c. & rf I 0 1 o l in
Roland, p 2 0 0 0 12 1
Hamilton, cf t 0 0 0 10 0
McKeown, cf 2 1 0 0 0 0 0
-ToUlf 39 9 » ~2 27 13 1
IIUXS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Fireman's Fund 1 0 18 10 0 1 0—19
Base hit. 110 8 10 11 0-^11
Lniversitx of Cal.... 0.2 4 0 0 0 2 1 0- i
«a»e hits 0 1 3 0 1 0 2 1 ll 3
SUMMARY.
, E *?2?2 runi-Flreman-i Fund 3. University
of California J. Two-base, hlta-Mosklmau
Hunter ar.d Smith. Home runs-King Ken
nedy and Hamlin. First base on called ball B -
Flreman's Fund 10. Struck out— By Moskiman
J. by Overall 2, by Roland 3. Double pU™^
KniB to Webber to Follansbee, Braly to Klnc
to Overall. Pawed baIl»-Zan 8. Time ol
game-Two hour* and twenty minute*. Um
plre-Hardle. Bcorers-Earl and Dott •
,,.-—•_-:¦¦ ••¦;¦¦ . •
'
The preliminary round of the Interclass
finals of the class singles tournament was
played yesterday at the California Tennis
Club. There was but one match in this
round, that between Rav Cornell, winner
of the third class, and Richard Ersklne
winner of the fifth class. Cornell allowed
his opponent odds of fifteen and. although
he won the first set easily; 6-0, he had his
hands full In the secoml set, which he won
8-6. Ersklne started out poorly, but bracei
In the second set. whlcn he was within a
point of winning: several times. The semi
finals, in which Cornell is pitted against
Rosenberg, the winner cf the second class
and R. N. "Whitney, winner of the first
class, against Paul Jones of the fourth
class, will be played to-day. Rosenberg
will allow his opponent odds of fifteen and
Whitney will concede tnirty each game to
Jones.
Tennis Hatches.
MAITT. GOLFEBS OTJT
ON PRESIDIO LINKS
San Francisco Caddies Overwhelm
ingly Defeated in a Tournament
at Point Adams.
The women's foursomes, with . handi
cap, which were postponed last Monday
on account of the rain, were played yes
terday morning on the links of the San
Francisco Golf Club. Of the five couples
¦who had entered two did not put in an
appearance, leaving onlv three couples to
enter the contest. MIsh Hacer and Miss
Crockett proved the winners, with a gross
score of 141 and a net ccore of 13S. The
full details are shown In the table:
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CLUB: WOMEN'S
HANDICAP FOURSOMES.
•No returns.
Miss Rowe, Mrs. R. Q. Brown, Mrs
Scott, Miss Carolan ar.d Mrs. F. H. Green
had entered, but did not play. Mrs. B.
A. Belcher made a practice round yester
day in 60.
A team of half a. dozen caddies of tho
San Francisco Golf Club journeyed over
to Oakland yesterdy morning, and played
an eiehteen-hole match against a team
of Adams Point caddies. The - visitora
were snowed under, losing 33 down. Tho
only city caddie to score against his op
ponent was G. Landers, who scored 4 up.
Seide. the post choice for the conclud
ing seven furlong run, decided under sell-
Ing condition^ met with many reverses,
finishing fourth. Dandy Jim, a 10 to 1
sno;, with Clem Jenkins up, looked a
winner to the paddock, when he was col
lared and beaten out a head by Ada X.
Track Notes.
After having refused several good offers
In the past for his colt. Billy Cahlll sold
Rolling Boer to Sam Hildreth yesterday.
By the terms of the sale Billy received
$7500 in cash with an additional $1000 If
the colt should win the California derby
Some days ago Tom Ryan ofTered $10 000
for the Boer.
Charley Ellison la now the owner of
Montanic, having purchased the hor^e
from the Burlingame stock farm yester
day.
To-morrow morning at 9 o'clock the Oc
cidental Horse Exchange will hold a great
pale of horsea on the baseball grounds
Sixteenth and Folsom streets. Six hun
dred horses and mules,. the property of the
Oerman Government, will be disposed of
to the highest bidders. Twelve of the best
vaqueros In the State have been engaged
to exhibit the stock. The horses can be
inspected to-day. .
Following are the entries for the run
ning events at Tanforan Park to-morrow:
First race— Eijc and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
OTSK)FV1inboroug:h ...ir>7 1683 JIcKamara .. 104
1754 Osmond 107 1778 Billy Moore 104
ljjjl Vohleer 107 1778 Cantinus '. n
OTTOMorelia 102 1768 Toah .. 9-»
<I764)Donator 1C7 O774)lmrromptu .'.'.'. 98
1754 Xovia 10SI 1776 Vantlne 102
Second race— Three furlongs; two-year-olds*
purse. -
1775 Rory Ough US ....Quadra no
Remele 113 16«2 Minerva ... 103
17S7 I>uclen Aj>plebyll3 1775 Maraschino 106
v" Resin 113 1739 Legal Maxim., .103
17n Muslque 110 Ki7 E. M. BrlttaJn.llJ
Third race— Five and a half furlonrs: four
yemylds and upward; selling.
177S*T!ng;-a-Ldns ... 05 1761 Favorito .', 87
1..6tf"oul Play »; 1785 Harry Gwynne 114
US £ la T y> ? G ,. arter - 95 l724 Katie Wolcott..l05
1.62 Mad Anthony.. 101 1654 St. Anthony.... 97
1^38 Del Rio Ill 1546 C. H. Harrlson.lll
• 15.0 Gepua 93 Antagone 105
Fourth race-One mile; four-year-oldi and
upward;- handicap.
(1748)Adv*nce Guard.122 172« Gonfalon .... 103
17 . 4 J Joe Frejr 10S n727)Tuthlll a O 7
1.14 Pupil 95 (i7€0)SUurtan 85
Fifth race— One mile and aa elfhth: four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1717 Lococbee 100 17T7 Topmast 10a
1755 R del Bajndldos.100 1731 FVee Lance 103
(lT67)Prestome 98 1449 Sprung . " " 8S
17C5 Castake 100 V
Sixth race— On* mile; three-ye«r-<jld« and us
ward; selling.
1773 Umachiu 87 174» Rainier 99
1767 La Borgia ..... 3S 1743 William Ack... 81
17€2 Quibo 84 17C1 Choteau 94
1776 March Seven... D2 1779 Monda 99
1770 Parmenlon 94 17C1 Talma '. 97
INSURANCE MEN DEFEAT
BLUE AND GOLD TEAM
by f. e. 2s/rcTL.i3:ox J i J A.3snD.
ALTHOUGH marred to. some extent
by a heavy and somewhat lumpy
track to race over, a large and
fashionable crowd paw Janice,
pporting the purple with white
cap of Green Morris, win the California
Oaks for three-year-old fillies at Tanforan
Park yesterday.
The ovent carried with it a gross valu
ation cf $4050. cf which amount the win
ner took $£»). Eight dainty misses con
tested for the rich prize. Janice had Bull
man In the paddle and 117 pounds, this
including a Feven pound winning penalty.
She apparently possessed the class over
her field and in the books was held a 1 to
2 chance. Starting with Edna Brown, the
frecdnd choice at odds of 5 to 1. the prices
against the other soared as high as la to
1. At the post there was no perceptible de
lay. Starter Dwyer dispatching the bunch
prettily aligned. Mounce. on Maresa, im
mediately went to the front, and when
less than a. mile had been covered all be
hind the leader with the exception of the
favorite were hopelessly out of it. Not
until the paddock was reached did Bull
man, astride Janice, get up with the out
sider, and then in a hard drive won by
half a length only. Edna Brown finished
third. Fix lengths before Bonnie Lissak.
Favoritc-s treated the talent consider
ately, finishing in front on four different
occasions, all well backed. In the ring,
eighteen pencllers did a thriving business.
The most unexpected downfall of the
afternoon occurred in the mile and a six
teenth handicap, when The Lady.' carry
ing 111 pounds, was beaten by Vulcain.
The Lady for the ilrst time ran in the
name of J. Tod Blcan, and at 3 to 5 was
extensively backed. Getting badVy
bumped at the first turn and showing no
marked fancy for the going, the game
little mare was beaten out two lengths
by Vulcain, which horse made all th©
running. "Ringmaster" Henry piloted
the winner. Favonius, the top weight,
•was a non-starter.
Tod Sloan's other purchase, though.
Credo, ran a remarkably good race»in the
steeplechase over une and three-quarter
miles and seven Jumps. Shouldering the
heavy Impost of 170 pounds and again
ridden by Sutherland, the Morello gelding
¦was never headed. When finally chal-.
lenped at the end by old J O C he stood
a Jong drive, earning the verdict by half
a length. To the second horse Credo was
conceding forty-five pounds and lumps of
weight to all of the others starters. At
the last jump Lomo fell, breaking his
back. He was destroyed.
An even money favorite. Torsina • led
from flag-fall in the opening sprint, win
ning ridden out rrom Boundlee. Presti
digitator sulked, finishing fourth, behind
liTeh Hoe.
Consistent as usual, Wyoming downed
a field of four for the mile selling event.
Backed down to 8 to 5 favoritism. O'Con
nor handled the aged gelding with his
UEual cleverness, and at the wire won
hands down from Handicapper anfl
Owensboro.
« », > t t t. hope of a truce being declared
t\ ¦ .'has now passed, and there la ap-,
/AV parently no prospect of averting
ATjX'the clash between the San Fran
cisco Jockey 'Club, with head
quarters at Tanforanu Park, and.the Cali
fornia Jockey Club, whose plant Is lo
cated at Emeryville. Both sides have for
tified themselves, and th© struggle which
means so much -to the racing interests of
the State will begin to-morrow.
'Down at Tanforan previous to the rac
ing ," yesterday, the president, of. the
.San" Francieco . Jockey '.Club addressed
the assembled horsemen In the pad
dock, and in the maple room of the
Palace Hotel; Thomas H. .Williams 'Jr..
president of rival Jockey club, had a
friendly ' talk:., with the owners, riders,
-Jockeys and- bookmakers congregated.-
In speaking of the hostilities about to
Commence, 'the president ol tne San Fran
cisco Jockey Club in part said to
the. horsemen: . "But one side can
win. If "horsemen are permitted to race
their horses at both tracks at will, neith
er side can win. ¦ That is the reason the
San Francisco • Jockey Club has decided
to refuse the entries of owners who race
at Oakland. It would not look right for
Burns & Waterhouse to win both of the
big - staJces,-~ therefore - the firm's S entries
cannot -be received."
'Immediately following: this, the book
makers were taken into council by the
president. Among other things they were
informed that if fifteen or more firm* cut
in on Monday, but $100 per day would be
charged Instead of the customary $20 a
race. : .
The press was also furnished 'with the
following statement by the Tanforan pres,
ident: . . .
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 9. 1901.
The - San Francisco Jockey Club, has no
I agreement whatever with the California Jockey
Club. The corporation was formed .last Sep
tember and obtained a lease for, ten years first
of the Tanforan racetrack, and second, of In
gleside racetrack. All of the contracts or
agreements then in existence expired with the
EOinK out of business of . the Western Turf
Association and the Pacific Coast Jockey Club.
At least our lawyers at the time reported that
there were no aKreements or contracts bind
ing the assigns of either of these corporations.
ThU was so perfectly clear in my mind that
1 made it a point to nee at once Mr. William*
and ask him if he did not want to come to
some understanding and make an agreement
for five. or ten years on some lines that would
be both beneficial and agreeable to their asso
ciation and ours. I had three hours' talk with
him, telling him the general policy and object
of the new Jockey club, explaining to him
that all of the men that had fought him In
the past had been bought out by the new
comers, and there were no reasons why sonic
agreement or understanding could not te
reached with him. I endeavored to obtain from
him that we should programme to the exten;
of employing the same judges and starter and
most of the officials, so as not to submit th;.
owners. Jockeys and trainers to two jurisdic
tions not always harmonious.
Mr. Williams Il5teaed to me moat courteous
ly, but flatly refused any and all of my prop
ositions. He frankly told me that any man
'working for us would not find employment
on his track, and added that he had to speak
to .me this way because, although during this
•winter wo wouli* alternate dates by next
spring we might come together again, but
that nothing could be done for the • present.
All that was reached, therefore, was a tem
porary "modus' vlvemil." The temporary na
ture of this tras well demonstrated to us
when as early as December we could ! find
that strings that had been laid as . early as
April, 1900, were being pulled against us from
various directions, all traceable to the same
orlKln. that Is, to the -California Jockey Club
and Its friends. We patiently recorded every
detail of tt, > standing it for the good of the
sport as long as our patience lasted.
• I personally, deplore the situation more than
I- can tell, and I have had more than one
meeting with, my associates before deciding
upon the course which has now been taken.
We have -the confidence ol the public, of th«
horsemen and of the. racing element to which
we cater- • We .. have also confidence in* the
common sense of the public at large, which
always follows the people who mean to do
well.
None of the men interested in the San Fran
cisco Jockey Club have - cared to make money
out of It. In fact If In five or ten years it
cost them money to give seventy-five or eighty
days' racing during the heart of each winter
they have made up their minds to stand the
loss; not only for the good of racing, but for
the benefit ot tBe city of San Francisco and
their own : Racing In the future
will have to be of a higher class and will
begin In the middle of November and end
very rarly in April.
The California Jockey Club must realize that
the . people of tho San Francisco Jockey Club
are here to stay, and that money and time
will- be of • little consideration to reach one
result, which is desired by every one, that
is to limit racing around San Francisco and
put It on such a basis that the trouble* and
quarrels surrounding racing during- the past
fix years will never be heard of again.
" Shortly after 8:1S o'clock last evening
Thomas H. Williams Jr. entered the
maple room of the Palace Hotel, and
reviewed the situation before a packed
and interested audience. The speaker be
gan with referring to the old Bay District
days, when he and his associates assumed
control of the racing situation and incor
porating under the name of the California
Jockey C luD became liable for the $96,000
debt of the defunct Pacific Coast Blood
Horse Association. He then referred in
sarcastic terms to the utter lack of court
esy on the part of tne San Francisco
Jockey Club, -in thus far failing to offi
cially notify the California Jockey Club of
its Intention to race on and break the con
tract existing between the two organiza
tions. President Williams next dwelt on
the numerous untruthful reports circu
lated with a view of Injuring the Oakland
track, taking up especially the one that
gained some credence, purporting to be a
telegram sent by Colonel; D. M. Burns
from Mexico, resigning his position as an
officer, of the California Jockey Club. In
denying that any such message was sent
Mr. -Williams said: "If Colonel Dan Burns
sent anything, he would send the Candela-'
ria . mine, ..with . .Its ~ yield - of $100,000 a
month," which caused a loud outburst of
applause. The uphill fight of the club
against big odds for ten years, until it
finally became a flourishing game, was
then taken up.
"About this time." said the Oakland
president, "the president of the San Fran
cisco Jockey Club appears on the scene
and says he intends to 'elevate the
sport.'" In refutation of this state
ment attention was "called to the
fact that warned-ofC and ruled-off per
sons had been allowed to pass through
the Tanforan gates, and tho question
was propounded, "Is this elevating the
sport?"
A remark that drew forth applause
was that "no horseman In need had ever
been turned away or denied assistance
by the California Jockey Club," and that
if, sick or in want of medical attendance
he had been sent to a hospital and treated
without charge.
Concluding, Mr. Williams extended an
invitation to all horsemen and riders- in
good standing to take part in the racing
at Oakland. "This Is a free country and
you are all free men," he said, "but If
you can see your way clear and it is to
your advantage I wouM like to have you
come. I will bo different," said he,
"from- the president of the San Francisco
Jockey Club in refusing the entries . of
Burns & Waterhouse at Tanforan, for' I
extend a hearty invitation to him to race
at Oakland until the season ends on
May 1." .
The horsemen then dispersed to, talk
over the situation. ¦
There seems to be no advantage on
either side, as there will be no scarcity of
riders, bookmakers or horses at either
track. The president of the San Fran
clsco,-Jockey Club Intimates that Tan
forartis backed by a syndicate of wealthy
men.'attd Thomas H. Williams Jr. does
not appear fearful ot the' result. Rumor
has. lj, that free transportation Is to be
given/ patrons, of the San Mateo County
track; but it lacks confirmation.
Open stake: first round— Curtis & Sons' War
Eaule beat T. J. Cronin's Vixen, 11-9; A. Buk
t's Kanaka, a bye; Wasft & Heenan's Sacra
mento Boy beat George Whitney's Theron. 3-2-
II, A. IOeckelman 1 * Rocker beat Yosemite Ken
nels Freedom's Banner, 10-1; R. E. de B
Lopez's Jewess beat H. Lynch's Lottie M. 4-2-
Captain Cane's Greenhall beat S. Handy' n
Twin City Girl. S-2; J. Smith's Master Work
man beat Pasha Kennels' Belle Claire, 4-3- M
Uunlea's Erin beat P. J. RelUy's Lougrhneagh;
3-0; Star Kennels' Master Lawrence beat Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist. 6-4; Curtis & Sons'
Warpath, beat K. M. KelloRg's Sweet Ktnma.
3-2; Curtis gc. Sons' Xarclssus beat J. H
Smith's Sylvanus, 12-10; K. -Geary's America
beat Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon, 5-4; E M
Kellopg's Crawford Belie beat J. Kennedy's
HidalKO, 3S-5; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush
beat J. Hurley's O K Capitol. 4-2; P. Doyle's
Liberator beat J. Hurley's Gramercy, 4-2; T J
Cronin's Wild Tralee beat J. R. Smith's
Petronius. 3-2: J. E. Hodgkin's King Cashier
beat T. Barre'a Wait A Little, 12-7; T J
Cronin's Vandal, a bye: J. Kennedy's Ever
Pure beat T. J. Cronin's Dal*y Dale 4-2' F
Jones* Wedgewood beat Jeff Martenett's Slim.
5-0; T. Tierney'e Lueretia Borirta beat W C
Glasson's lone. 12-10; R. E. de B. Lopei's
Sweetness beat Russell & Allen's Talk To Me
4-0; Curtis & Sons' Maud S. a bye; Chlarinl
Brothers' Sontonin. 6-3; Erskine & Jones'
Lavender beat Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas. S-3;
Star Kennels' Fontenoy beat George Parkin
son's Ben Lomond. 14-12; KufspII & Allen's
Weddine Bells beat T. Neenan's Babadln, 10-3-
Curtis & Sons' Kins Cotton beat Chiarinl
Brothers' Bunco Bill, 4-0; Cur\is & Sons' Charta
beat Captain Cane's Victor'Boy, 8-4; P. Jack
son's Honor Bright beat E. Geary's Ireland.
4-1: Tosemlte Kennels' Uncle Fuller beat Gold
Dust Kennels' Forget. S-2; Tosemlte Kennels'
Boauty Spot beat Connell Brothers' Log Boy,
4-2; E. Geary's Palo Alto beat Captain Cane's
Victor Queen, 6-0; E. M. Kellogjr's Kid McCov
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's The Levlte. 4-1; J.
Carroll's Master Claire, beat Russell & Allen's
Faithful Lad. 13-11; Rufsell & Allen'B Daisy
Claire beat Curtis & Sons' Cavalier. 10-3'
George Shartnan's Chicago Boy beat J. R. Mc-
Carthy's John Doe. 7-2; .Gold Dust Kennels'
Brutus beat J. Carroll's Auckland. 12-3; J
Dean's Sisquoc beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 7-6:
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat Erwin &
Lyon'B Silver Wlhps, 3-1; F. A. McComb's Sir
Pasha beat T. Tierney's Tea Rose, 8-5; George
Sharman's Black Klunh beat P. J -.Rellly's
Willful Widow, 8-5: Curtis & Sons' Shadow
beat Aeneid Kennels' Achlllea. 6-2: Pasha Ken
nels' Roman Athlete beat E. M. Kellogg'a Iowa
Maid. 17-8: Curtis A Son's Vulcan beat Yose
mlte Kennels' Sir Van. 16-7: Russell A Allen's
Spiteful beat D. J. Healey's TJranla, 4-0; Rus
sell & Allen's Strayaway beat J. Kearn's Lan
cashire Lms, 7-1; Cheetham & Partlnrton a
Representative beat F. A. McComb'i ; Bona
Fide. 6-2.
Fontenoy, a For Freedom-Mayflower
puppy, had just enough foot over Ben Lo
mond to win In a long course In which he
gave a smart performance. The youngster
was friendly to the pikers, bringing them
4 for 1 by his winning work. Honor Bright
led and beat the fast Ireland, after an
undecided, at 2 to 1.
Representative, Cheetham & Parting
ton's recent importation, closed the round
by outfooting McComb's Bona Fide by a
score of 6 to 2. and breaking the long
string of victories for the favorites.
Palo Alto looks to have the best chance
for the stake, with Wedgewood, Fiery
Face, War Eagle, Charta and Spiteful
likely candidates for some of the big
money. Other probable winners are:
Rocker, Greenhall, Erin, Warpath, Amer
ica, Liberator, King Cashier. Sweetness,
Maud S, Lavender, King Cotton, Charta,
Beauty Spot, Master Clair, Brutus, Sir
Pasha, Shadow and Representative.
The day's results, with Judge John
Graces official scores, follow: .
Following soon after Jewess of the Lo
pez Kennels showed the way to the well
eeasoned Lottie M. a 4 to 1 favorite.
Rural Artist, a 2 to 1 favorite over Mas
ter Lawrence, stumbled after leading four
lengths and before he could get In the go
ing again his opponent had won out. I
The second course of the day was a
double "bye" between Kanaka and Van
dal. The wipe ones figured. Cronin's hound
a cinch and set the price at 6 to 1 on his
chance for the flag, but Kanaka landed
and gave the short-enders their first en
couragement. ¦ ' '¦: ¦ ¦ : '.
The rundown of the ninety-six dog open
stake at Union Coursing: Park yesterday
furnished good sport to a large crowd of
patrons. Form players were good at pick
ing winners, though ' the nine upsets/re
corded against their Judgment came, in at
better than the average odds.
Many Clever Greyhounds Will Com
pete for Prizes in To-Day 's Fin
als of th© Big Event at
Union Park.
Noted Son of Emin PaVha
Is Favorite for Optn
Stake Honors.
FAST PALO ALTO
IN WINNING FORM
ooth Oakland and Janforan Jracks Will
Open Tb-Morrow—Horsemen Are . Ad
dressed by President of Each Association
RIVAL JOCKEY CLUBS
LINE UP FOR B ATTLE
BULLMANN ON JANICE
CAPTURES "THE OAKS"
Morris Filly Gets Home Half a Length Be
fore Maresa — The Lady Defeated by
Vulcain — Credo a Remarkable Jumper
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TANTORAX PARK. BATtrRDAY, FEBRUARY 2 .— feather _»»»»-_ a 5JLj' e *y y^ rx __^- t .
3 7SO. FIRST HACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
j [Po.l j , Betting-
Index Horse end Weight.. retjSt. %. %. Str. Fin. j Jockeys.- Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
C.751) iTorsina. a 10C 4(4 In 12 11 1% Domlntck .. 1 1 11-3
:rr: iBouniief. 4 V*\ 4 2 3 14 21 22 23 Buchanan.. 8 8 8 2
:7G3 JHljrh Hoe. € 105 IS 42 3H 12 34 O'Connor .. 5-2 7-2 8 4-5
J75S 'Prestidigitator. 4.100 31 21 46 46 46 J. Daly 4 9-2 8-2 1
IT63 ; Monrovia, a S3 ; Z E 6 6 E 6 Hanech 38 60 60 15
Time— Vi. :25: %. :50; V 1:17=;. Gool start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Wlrf
m>r O. Summers & Co.> b. m. by Torso-Bertie W. Boundlee closed strong but Torslna
held him safe. Prestidigitator sulked. Scratched— Saintly 101, Good Hope 99^CIaranJo94.
3761. SECOND RACE: — one mile; selling; four-year-olds and up;, purse. $400.
j PoTi , Betting
Index 'Hor»e, Ag«. Weight. Pet St. >,i- H- 6tr. Fin. Jockeys. I Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1772 Wyomlr.gr. a 107 4:2 4n 4 14 S3 11 O f Connor .. 8-5 2 8-5 1-3
«766) HamJlcjipper, 4...10S 1I4 6 11 In 88 T. Burns.... 8-5 2 2 1-2
3727 Owens-boro, 4 ...106 2J lh Sh 41 38 Henry 4 5 7-2 1
(1755) Walkrnshaw, a. .110 6 5 In 2 4 3 2 44 Uullwan ... 4 10 8 3
1771 El Mido. 5 10TJ 3 113 16 5 5 J. E*.ly SO 80 30 i
Tim* — 'i, :?:\; H:. :53: *«. 1:19U; mile. 1:47H. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. J. G. L'ronn & Co.'s b. %. by rardee-Caprice. Perfectly rated, Wyoming
came home &lone. Han<!icapper quit. Owensboro ran well for half the distance. Walken
ehaw quit.
17N2. THIRD RACE— l\rn; Hurdle handicap; four-year-olds and up; purse. »600.
I jPo.| r Betting
Index ;Hor»e.A«e. Weight. Etd. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(1764) Credo. 6 170! «js 11 14 11 1 14 Sutherland 6-5 3-2 7-5 1-2
1764 J O C. a Utl 7!: 3h 22 220 220 McMahon .. 10 20 20 6
17r: 'Mestor. a ISO 3l4 7 5>3; 8 6 O. Wilson.. 10 30 80 7
(173?) Periwig, 6 139J 4 J 7 66 64 64 4 10 C. Brown... 6 7 7 5-2
1419 Manchle, 5 125J li« 44 7 6 2 El Taylor 80 49 40 13
1764 Rio Chlco, S 135! e. ;. in 4! 7 ( Hueston ... 6 6 S-2 8-5
1764 Lomo, a 1S8J S j 1 E< 34 48 » P. Henry... 4 5 5 7-5
Time— 3:27. Oood start. Won first threw driving. Winner, J. Tod Sloan's b. g. by Morello-
Prlze. Conceding all kinds of weight. Credo showed to be a remarkably good Jumper. J
PC hat 1 a new leaee f , llf *- Low broke his back. •Fell.
J7S3. FOURTH RACE— Mile and an eighth: California Oaks; S-year-old fillies; value, J4050.
i |"°- . * 1 Betting — %
Index IHorse and Weight. 'I'st St. M. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
17CS 'janlce 117! J2 2n 21 23 1H Bullman ... 1-2 3-5 11-20 — .
<1741) iMaresa HO! 5S 1J12 11 22 Mounce -6 12 12 4
1741 |E<5na Brown linj 84 42 32 35 86 T. Burns.,.. 5-2 5 5 2
17C5 Bonnie Lissak....ll-> 67 6h 4h 43 44 0"Connor ... 8 1! 12 4
17S1 Homage llOt 4 6 Bh 6454 55 Jenkins .... 8 JO 20 8
1765 lUr.nellnpss 110 78 71 75 61 63 Henry SO 60 W 15
1760 , Compass IK. 13 3 »4 S 4 7 20 7 TO Buchanan .. 7 12 12 4
:7P2 lArgot no! 2 18 S g 8 Hennessy .. £0 150 150 r.O
Time— '«, :13; 14, :2T,i,: 4. :5; ; ii, i:iS; mile. 1:45H: lHm, 2:0a Good nart. Won nrst
three driving. Winner. G. B. Morrin" ch. f. by Imp. Midlothian-Rosette. Winner was hard
ridden to get to Jiaresa. Bnnnie Lissak has lost her form. Compass apparently did not
_ 1 : -1 l^-lTl^l. _ pcratch ed— Xellie Forrest 110. Luca 105.
J7?*4. FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; handicap; four-year-oldi and up; purse, $690.
J Po.l / Betting — >
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst] St. %. %- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
¦ j
1759 Volcain. 4 109 3 I 3 21 14 11 12 Henry 6 6 4 4-5
r."9) : The Lady. 4 Hi 44 44 42 22 2n Mounee J-5 3-5 3-5 1-4
«1763) Scotch l'lald. 6.. S9 211 3 4 3 n» 3 3 3 4 Buchanan .. « 7 7 6-5
«17^3> Oreenook. 4 105 6 6 6 6 16 42 T. Burns.... 10 17 15 S
1"! ;r>ennep. 6 1061 1|2 52 SI 41 E19 O'Connor... 7 16 15 4
r.:* Bathos. 4 95J S | S 11 22 6 6 J. Daly 10 ' EO 60 13
Time— 3-16. :1S\; 7-16. :46; 11-16. 1:11; mile. 1:444; 1 l-16m. 1:5L Good start. Won clev
erly. Second and third driving. Winner. S. C Hlldreth's ch. h. by Kingston-Arrowgraps.
Vulcafn made himself hard to catr-h. Th^ Lady did not like the going and was badly
bumped st first turn by winner. Tlaid did his beyt. Scratched— Favonius 121.
3 7-S5. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlong!"; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
¦I Po.| " rti»Tf 1 m
Index jHorse. Age, Weight. Pstjst. U- 4- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. C\. PI?
:7C9 jAda N'. 3 in: 5 15 2 1 2 2 Tn 1 h lMounce "TZT 3 ~t %2 6^5
1772 Irvandy Jim. 2. ...113 1 [ 1 11 11 I»i25 Jenkins .... 10 10 7 2
17CS Bernota. 3 m« 4J2 4 4 42 34 32 Buchanan .. 2 .11-5 I1-5 7-1$
17RS ISelde. 3 1*7 2|37 B4 46 4 15 Henry 8-5 S-5 3-2 l-»
«7Mi) inarl^ne. 3 107> 6 ! 6 3 4 3 4 r. 10 E 10 O'Connor ... 10 20 20 4
1CT1 !The Hoodoo. 3....1C2I 717 52 €2 65 65 Ransch 60 200 200 40
1756 'H. Gwynne, a..-122! 3 | 4 6 2 7 7 7 Dlngley .... 100 800 800 60
Time— U, :27; 4. :E2; S. l:P4'i; 1i. 1:31. Fair start. Won first three driving.. Winner^ C
L. Jones' b. f. by Herald-Santa Rosa. Winner a clever young miss. She bumped Bernota
In the str^trh. Pandy Jim showed Improvement. Seide bumped at first turn. Scratched—
Nellie Forrest 1W. . t
24
PLAYERS.
? I
p. f-
9 tt . %
& a :
• 5" •
(B
1SS 7 US
1« 3 13S
iltss Morgan and
Miss Drum 76 79
.IIss Crockett- and
Miss Hager 73 63
¦IIfs Jossclyn and
MIbb Maud O'Connor • ....
PLAYERS.
? I
p. f-
9 tt . %
& a :
• 5" •
(B
1SS 7 US
1« 3 13S
iltss Morgan and
Miss Drum 76 79
.IIss Crockett- and
Miss Hager 73 63
¦IIfs Jossclyn and
MIbb Maud O'Connor • ....
¦ . AMUBEIffiBNTa.
*TIVOLI*
Monday, Feb. 11— SECOND WEEK
Planquette'a Great Lyric Opera,
CHARMING STORY.-
LOVELY MUSIC.
To Be Produced Monday, Feb. 18,
Th: Great Hit of Last Season, - .
Wizard of the Nile,
Reappearance of the Ce!ebrated
Eccentric Comedian, "HOOT MON"
4LF. C. Wff EELAN, in his origi-
nal creation* the King of Egypt".
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c.
Telephone Bush 0.
CALIFORNIA THEATER-SpeciaK
PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT
EnKagement In San Francisco of the World's
T Distinguished Violinist. .
Leonora Jackson,
IN TWO RECTTALS ONLY.
AFTERNOONS of Feb. 18 and JO. '
- J - Assisted by
MiSS JOSEPHINE ELBURNA, Soprano,
i —And—
MR. SELDOM PRATT. /cc:m?anlst.
PRICES— $1 50, tl and SOc' /.
Saie ol Beats begins Thursday morning at the
box office of the Calltornla Theater.
, SHERMAN, CLAY_& CO.'S BALL.
TUES.. WED. and FRL AFTS.. Feb. 12, 13, 15.
GODQWSKY
THE GREAT PIANIST. ,
Reserved Seats— $2. $1 SO and $1.' On tale at
Rherman. Clay.& Co.'g. ¦ ¦¦ ¦:¦- ¦ ¦ ¦-¦¦ ¦
THE HENSCHELS.
¦ -METROPOLITAN HALL. -
FOURTH RECITAL. TO-MORROW EVENING
at S:15.
FIFTH RECITAL ! WEDNESDAY AFTER-
NOON, February 13. at 3:15.
LAST ' RECITAL' THURSDAY * EVENING.
• '¦.-- February 14, at 8:15. , ¦;.-•.
PRICES— 75c. Jl, *1 60. J2. ' Seats on' sale at
Sherman, Clay, & Co.'s, Sutter and Kearny sts.
PISrHPR^ CONCERT HOUSE.
i -LA MONT JUVENILE CO. and FaJry Ballet.
| Fred ' and Mr*.* Georgie Cooper, AU Zada, ; Sue
Earl/ John Whalen, Lillian; Levey and the
Marcos.' '.'¦.¦•' '¦ - ' : i' ¦
- Reserved Seats, 25c. ¦ Matinee Sunday,
f^m BIMBBA SA.1 FRANCISCO'S
VULU BfBPB A LEADI'iG THEATBE
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME
LOUIS KATIIRTN
JAMES a™ KIDDER
Presenting Shakespeare's Tragedy,
;^y "MACBETH."
TVTrvTfz' Bejrlnnlngr with Monday thii th»-
llU 1 Ll9 ater will b» dark for 2 weeks,
owins to the management having transrerred
the BernharJt-Coquelln season to the Grand
Opera-house.
The Reopening Attraction on the Evening of
MONDAY. February 25. Will Be the
Great American Star.
Mrs. LESLIE CARTER
-: Aa-ZAZA In David BHasco's Play. ?
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-ISIGHT. LAST
TIME-"JUDHH."
TO-MORROW NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
A /UGU5UN
MirJI-IT- DALY'S
l^llvin 1 B8IG1TEST
OFF I C0MpY
MATINEES SATURDAT AND Sl'NDAT. |
f*%B VMPf 71 EDDY ST.. !
%*JE~ M ivi /A con. ma son j
THE ONLY FREE VAVTPEVILLE HOUSE IN I
THE CITY.
WILLIAlFDE BOE,
Who Juggles While Standing on Ills Head on
- Aerial AVI re.
EUNEST HAUSER,
The King of Xylophone Artists.
queritaTvincent,
Character Vocalist- and Dancer.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY! — -
ADMISSION FREE! ¦
RACING I RACING ! RACING !
. 19<»_WINTER MEETING— 1901. .
CALIFORNIA t>oCKtV ClUB.
¦ FER 11 TO FEB. 13. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK;
Racing Monday. TLwlay, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or mora races each day.
Kaces start at 2:1» l>.-m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 «n. and
I'M, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m... connecting
with trains ftopplnR at the entrance to the
track. I^st two cars on tram reserved for
ladles and th5lr escorts; no smokinxr. Buy your
feiry ticket* to Shell Mound. AH trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
ilcctric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. \ Also, all trains via Alamwla mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue pars at Fourteenth
or.d Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go- direct to the track in Of teen minutes..
Returning— Trains leave tb* track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM3 JR., President.
R Ii. 1IILROY. Secretary. \
UNION COURSING PARK
JOKN QBACE> Judge.
JA3IES F. GRACE, Slipper,
...TO-DAY...
Sunday - - - - February lotlv
CLASSIC
OPEN_SJAKE!
96-N0MINATI0NS--96
SI500 PRIZE MONEY S1500
TRAIIT SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 19:13
a. m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
rifth and Valencia atreets five minutes later.
Hetumlr.y at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
rpurse. San Mateo electric cars every gix
minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
A Splendid Programme at .Metropolitan
Temple on Tuesday Night.
A GRAND CHORUS by the ARION YER-
EI.\: tenor solos by HENRY' a xm VIV
gWAWLES B TAYLOR and VhS
Ijeveral attrartinns-froni the theaters The
Plymouth Quartet -win render collew Klee
songs and patriotic airs. Admission. W& Ftor
the benefit of the Lincoln Monument.
n a I I A r These hotels pos-
rALAbt sess' the attributea
. that tourists and
Qrifj travelers appreciate
UHU —central
P D A M D liberal manage-
UllMsiU ment, modern ap-
IIDTITI O pointments and
I HI! 1 1 Loi p c r f e c * cuisin ~
l«V I UkU) American and Eu-
SaFl FraOC'SCO. ropean plans/ ¦
! KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, en lln« of ra'.lroaJ. toe
rale. " Splendid chance for those about to
form «n oil company. NEWTON. CAIt-
MEN * SOMES (S. C. MASON, axeat).
101 Chronicle bide. San Francisco. / ' '
fnHr Gal $1.00 jjepYear
.: ¦; AMUSEMENTS. , . ' .
MOROSCO'S
GRAND 1 OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIGHT OF THE GREATEST LIVING
J . IRISH COMEDIAN,
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
LAST NIGHT ' ' ";
SHAMUS O'BRIEN
PRICKS-lOc. 15c. 25e. Me. A few front rows
In Orchestra, 75c. Oood • Reserved S«at in Or-
chestra at all Matinees. 25c. Branch Ticket
Office Emoorium. ' ¦'
February 24— REOPENING OF THE MO-
ROSCO STOCK SEASON.
MOROStO'S 6RAHD0PERA-H0DSE, Special
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO. and WALTER MO-
ROSCO Announce the Farewell Ap-
pearance In This City of *
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
M. COQUELIN,
Under the Direction of
' MR. MAURICE CSf»/\U.
. -• FOR TOO WEEKS ONLY
Commencing TO-MORROW EVENING, Feb-
ruary 11, in
ROSTAND'S DRAMATIC POEM.
For « Niphts and UJ 9 A T/^T /^"KT»»
Wednesday and ; |_, AlllLllJN
Saturday Matinees. MU niVIUVll
. . OR. THE EAGLET.
SEATS NOW ON SALE at Box Office. Grand
Opera-house, and at Branch Ticket
Office, Emporium.
PRICES-H 60. »2, |3 and J4. Boxes. $30, |24
and |12. General Admission, |2. Gallery, fl.
Sunday Evening:* February 17.
"PHEDRE" ond
"LESPRECIEUSES RIDICULES"
MME. BERNHARDT and M. COQUELIN
Will Appear at Every Performance,
Seats on Sale for This Performance Monday
Morning. For Second Week Thursday.
%*.,- ~ mas cmntAu
; ——Phone South 633
MATINEE TO-DAY— Prices. 10c. 15c. . 25c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Performance— The Big Hit.
A DAUGHTER OFJUE MILLION
Beginning; . TO-MORROW- EVENING- Matinee
- • Saturday and Sunday.
Grand Production Wm. ' A. " Brady's Famous
" v Success, ¦ , ¦
AFTER DARK.
SEE — The London dock scene with real water,
boats, the tunnel scene with . the "'Flylnj?
Scotchman" and the music .hall scene, intro-
ducing specialties, boxing matches, etc.
pnifCC Evenings.... ......10c. 15c. 25c. tec. 60o
I U1WC3 Matinees : 10c, 15c. XSo
eHUTE5>ND ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING
ESMERALDA,
Ibe Famous Musical Queen,
SWOB) McGBEEVY . AND SWOB
GEORGE GALE, CABMEN CABLo'
WIXLIAM JDE BOE, BERT SWOB
NKW- MOVINO PICTURES. '•
Thursday Night, the Amateurs
; In a NEW NOVELTY.
' Telephone for r Seats— Park 23.'
; EXHIBITION! J :
The ANNUAL JUVENILE 'EXHIBITION of
MR. and MRS. WM. J. O'BRIEN'S DANCING
SCHOOL' will take place at Odd Fellows' Hal!
on SATURDAY -EVENING, - February 16.
AMUSEMENTS. . I
Commencing TO-MORROW (MONDAY), February 11th,
LAST WEEK.
MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY NIGHTS,
TBSS OF THE
D'URBERVILLES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY NIGHTS. ALSO SATURDAY MATINEE. ¦
JBECKV SHARP.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Sunday A?t«rnoon-THB WAIFS OF NEW YORK. .
For which we will resume our former popular prices.
GOTTI.Or! MARX & CO. and \»T '4lP^0P •V^'VB'
ALF ELLINQHOUSE PRESENT
9 POPULAR CONCERTS. amm " c "' T0 £L^ DAT ""¦"*•
TO-NIGHT, fnrday, Feb. 10 i dim ••eniniuTccn to picicc
WEDNESDAY. Afternoon and Evenln ff .Feb. 13 A BIlL *^*!™ J" REASE
THURSDAY. Afternoon and Evening.... Feb. 14 EVcRYBODY.
FRIDAY. Afternoon and Evening Feb. 13 . . . V _______
SATURDAY. Afternoon and Evening Feb. 16
DIRECT FROM EUROPEAN TRIUMPHS, IDALENE COTTON
8^1 1 T C£ A and NICK L0NG
« t§ S I 1_^^^ / X^ Presenting Their rjvto-Dat* Proteaa Coxa-
\^ %*»/ A Si ed!etta,
••MANAGERIAL TROUBLES."
¦_#^5*V-»^^%s2^^^w " Introducing Miss Cotton's Famous Imltntf^n*
/leg&'l&i'tjr^ '^V of Famous Artists, Including MRS. FISKE.
¦ Ji/$Sii&&~'i&!r ui Professional D»but of
WWk '^pik Mlss ?^ RO ic H Jucll u ?^ BARER
0; *^*~~t \^*» The tCell-knowa Society Vocalist.
MlPpfe^i^i GEORGE AUSTIN MOORE
MURRAY AND LANE
KATHRYN OSTERHAN & CO..
Presenting the Pretty Playlet, "Th» Editor."
AND H I S R A NT! LIZZIE AND VINIE DALY
1^*-^ , II| v Unlli/» . Th« Famous Danclnc Wondera.
<s>— ; — ; ___a, 1 — .
onT^a'rK? JKeSiS? ™ VEffc -82 EMPIRE CITY' QUARTETTE
SaVa **"" <* RWIw.
EERTHA BITCKLIN . . Violiniste THmD AND LAST ov
the new i^FsA MAECH. JHE NINE NELSONSi
HAIL TO THE SPIRIT OF LIBERTY. 1 ' The Greatest Acrobatlo Aggregation, In th»
. World.
PRICES— 5Oc, 75c, $1.OO, S1.5O.
— — _ ' Parquet. 3 cents, any eeat: Balcony. 10 cents;
Next— SUNDAY AFTERNOON, FEB. 17, Children. 10 cent*, any part except re*sr?ed.
"UNCLE JOSH SPRUCEBY" A few front orchfatra. rows reserved. 50 cents;
vw«** ua avuv^xh.. fn)nt rows of bgjeony reserve( j # 23 cents.
COLUMBIA THEATER-Extra
THIS AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock sharp,
NINTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
IN MID Of» THE
CHARITY FUND
6AN FRANCISCO LODGE NO; £21,
THEATRICAL MECHANICS' ASSOCIATION..
J\ HOST OF ATTRACTIONS.
BEST BILL EVER GIVEN IN THE CITY.
Reserved Seats ----- 5Oc and Sl.OOVICTIMS OF THE DOUBLE TRAGEDY OP THE MURDER OF A YOUNG
WIFE AND MOTHER AND THE SUICIDE OF THE HUSBAND AS OFFI
CERS WERE ABOUT TO ARREST HIM.
Russell Palmer of Boston gave an inter
esting series tif. experiments last night in
the reception room of the Palace Hotel to
demonstrate the possibillties-'of. liquid air
as a refrigerating and scientific discovery.
Mr Palmer is a brother of Edmund
Palmer, who has lectured extensively in
the East on the properties of liquid air.
and had for his audience last night many
prominent physicians and scientists.
In a retort about as large as an ordinary
soap box was contained a gallon of liquid
air made four weeks ago in Boston. In
being transferred to a glass globe the air
has the color and consistency of sea wa
ter In use it apparently burns, and
poured on a wooden table produces seem
ingly the same effect as water poured on
a hot stove. ,, _ ,
For his first experiment Mr. Palmer
poured the liquid air into a glass filled
wHh cranberries. In twenty seconds the
berries were removed frozen stilt, and aa
hard as pebbles. The air was of a tem
perature of 312 degrees below zero. Among
the most Interesting demonstrations was
the feat of freezing a piece of beefsteak
until It became as nard as adamant, and
INTERESTING IiECTTJRE AT
PALACE ON LIQUID / A1B,
Russell Palmer of Boston Demon
strates Properties of New IHscov
ery to Local Scientists.
CHINESE DISCHARGE
ATTORNEY FEEEAL
Judge Robert Ferral then took the
stand and testified that he had for many
"That was the idea I grot from them."
In reply to a question from Attorney
Dunne the witness admitted that he was
friendly to the Examiner and was friendly
with IV-porter Boyle. The witness had ac
companied Boyle through Chinatown on
many occasions. -JZ3Ks$&3s&*3£
me that certain of the police had made
promises of protection."
"Whom did they mention?"
"Chief Sullivan and Captain Wittman."
"Did they state that they had received
personal assurance from the Chief and
from Captain Wittman of immunity from
arrest?"
Continued From Page Twenty-Three.
"They said that there would be thou
sands of dollars in it for me If I could fix
it and thousands for the police. I consult
ed Attorney Dunne, but; of course, 1 we
Judge Ferral, who was In a convivial
mood, volunteered a statement when he
was excused from the witness stand. He
said that the Chinese gamblers had asked
him If he could fix things with the police
so that they might carry on gambling
and maintain the dens without fear of ar
rest. .
years been employed by the Chinese. He
formerly had a contract with them.
"What was the nature of your duties?"
"I represented the women of ill-repute
when they were arrested."
"Do you still represent them?"
"No, I do not. A few weeks ago they
told me indirectly they had no further
use for an attorney as they were doing
business with the police direct."
"The fees you got ¦went to the police?'.'
¦"I suppose ho." .
made last night by Captain "Wittman and
a squad of police. The gambling club of
Qwong Hing at the corner of Clay street
and Waverly place was broken Into and
ninety-five fantan players captured. All
were booked at the Hall of Justice. "With
the exception of a number of Japanese
all were immediately released on bail.
The capture was a*clever one. -A drain
age . pipe leading from the gaming room
was located several days ago and plans
for a grand haul were immediately laid.
•Sergeant Donovan, followed by a number
of patrolmen- In citizens' clothes,* ap
proached the place, 'and ¦when they com
menced to . chop the barred doors down
the keeper of the game attempted to dls-^
pose of the paraphernalia by dumping If"
down. the pipe to the sewer. ;'¦ w- -
Sergeant, Christiansen had removed a
section " of . the sewer pipe, and when the
evidence • came down he caught it In a
basket. I The players were ; then placed
under arrest . : ¦
Ninety-Five Fantan Players Captured
by Captain Wittman and-. \.
- Squad of Police. '
One of the largest raids that has oc
curred in Chinatown for some time was
BIG EAID IS MADE ON
CHINESE CrAMINQ CLTJB
could not do it We had no power with
the Police Commission to alter the law.
I told the Chinese it was Impossible, but
that 'Barkis was willing.' " —
Whether Judge Ferral made his last
statement In jest or in earnest was not
a*=ked by the committee of inquiry, but
it is possible that he may be. called upon
to explain what he meant.
The Inquiry will be resumed to-morrow
morning and the. committee will sit morn-
Ing, noon and nisht until all the evidence
SHOEMAKERS 1 UNION.-The Shoemakers*
Union will meet this afternoon at 2 o'clock at
909 Market street to discuss shorter hours and
other matters of Interest to members.
GRAVE BUT UNCORROBORATED CHARGES ARE MADE AGAINST CHIEF SULLIVAN AND CAPTAIN WITTMAN,
Serious Charg«& Made Against F. L.
Turpin in Suit Brought by
Ernest E. Sprague.
Ernest E.^Sprague filed suit yesterday
against F. L. Turpin to recover $60 .000 dam
ages for alienation at his • wife's affec
tions.
Sprague alleges that Turpin's actions on
May 1 last with Lucy E. Sprague. wife of
plaintiff, resulted in the breaking 'jip of
his home. Sprague is represented by At
torney H. C. Flrebaugh.
ASKS DAMAGES FOB. LOSS
OF WIFE'S AFFECTIONS
occurred suddenly in this city last Friday
evening:. San Francisco loses one of the
most popular and progressive young men
engaged in mercantile life in this city.
Deceased, although only 29 years of age,
had already displayed exceptional busi
ness ability, and his death closes a life
of splendid promise.
Mr. Tay was president of the George H.
Tay Company of this city. He also held
the position of president of the Pacific
Hardware and Metal Association. He was
an officer of the Pacific Coast Jobbers*
and Manufacturers' Association and was
connected with all the commercial organi
zations of the coast.
Deceased was well known in club life,
being an active and enthusiastic member
of the Merchants', Cosmos and Bohemian
clubs. He was beloved by all who en •
Joyed his friendship and distinguished
himself by his quiet and courtly manner.
The immediate cause of his death 'was
pneumonia, resulting from an operation
for appendicitis which was performed last
Tuesday. The funeral takes place to-day
from his late residence. 1967 Pine street,
at .2 o'clock.
CTTAKXES FOX TAY IS
VICTIM OF PNEUMONIA
Young Man Popular in Business and
Club Circles in This City
Passes Away.
In the death of Charles Fox Tay, which
was cracked into bits with a hammer, and
the experiment of freezing a rubber ball
and other articles until they could be
cracked into atoms.
A Tialf-ounce of liquid mercuryv was
frozen by the air into the shape of a ham
mer, and resembled Harveyized steel when
finished. With the mercury hammer ten
penny nails were driven into a big piece
of scantling. Pure alcohol was frozen
also into a solid state, requiring a temper
ature of 208 degrees below zero. The en
tertainment, was both Instructive and In
teresting.
Succumbs to Sis Injuries.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 9.— H. E. Houghton.
who was Injured a week ago by a blast
which had been placed In redwood stump*
near Sulphur Springs, died to-day at
Soquel.
The California Camera Club will give
an entertainment and exhibition on Tues
day, February 12, at the clubrooms In the
Academy of Sciences building:. Slides
from the Soclete PhotogTaphlque du Nord
<le la France, from the Grand Junction.
Colorado Club and from the department of
photography. Brooklyn Institute, will be
exhibited. Other, features of the pro
gramme will be specialties by the follow
ing named: _-,'--
Ruben Crosby, prodigy cornetlst; Mary
Peltret, impersonator; Minnie J. Provost,
mezzo soprano; Flossie Gardner,
danseuse; Garner S. Stenhouse, tenor:
Gertrude Ingham. assisted by Harry
"Wood Brown, dramatic soloist; J. War
ren Keane, magician.
Camera Club Entertainment
FUN fast and furious, gay music
and startling costumes were
the characteristics of the
grand annual masquerade ball
of the Grutli Vereln, held In
Turner Hall, Turk street, last night.
The dancing commenced at 8:30 with a
few couples, but soon the alluring mu
sic and contagious merriment drew on
the other maskers till., the floor was
filled. More than two hundred couples
took part in the, festivities.
Refreshments, liquid and otherwise,
served throughout the evening, were
of the kinds ¦which help to moke life
pleasant in the "Vaterland," and the
sweet old German tunes and mirth and
dancing were typical of the sunny
vineyards on the banks of the Rhine.
The costumes were highly original
and amusing and the merry dancers
did not allow interest to flag. Unmask
ing occurred at midnight.
Prince Carnival was O. Imdorf, and
Princess Carnival was Mi$s Llna Mul
ler. The affair was a complete suc
cess, and praise Is due Messrs. Leute
neger, FritschI and Haklns of the ar
rangements committee. t
__HE gTand prize masquerade ball.
I given under the auspices of the
I Germania Club at Saratoga Hall
J. last night, was a pronounced suc
cess. Floor and galleries were crowded
throughout the evening. Long before
the appointed hour the floor was filled
with Impatient merrymakers and at 9
o'clock the gay, multi-colored throng,
nearly six hundred strong, took up the
grand march to the tune of "Stars
and Stripes Forever."
The music and costumes were all
that could be desired and frolic and
laughter were the rule of the hour.
The feature of the event was the
award of cash prizes ranging from $3
to $17 50 to the amount of $100 for
original and amusing costumes. This
was an incentive to new and pleasing
effects and the result was ample re
ward for all concerned." Enthusiasm
and. pleasure ran high throughout the
night. Refreshments were served at
all hours. Unmasking took place at 12
o'clock and the festivities lasted till
daybreak.
The arrangements were In charge of
TJ. Asoher, F. Nlemeyer and T. Chair
man.
ATTIRED In eaudy yet picturesque
coetumes, and with faces black
ened to the inkiest hue, the mem
bers of Harmonie Familienabend
last nieht held down the boards at
Union-square Hall In the role 9f negro
minstrels. The troupe had been well
trained in the science of minstrel evo
lutions and the programme was car
ried through in a very successful and
commendable manner. Part of the pro
gramme was rendered in English and
part in German. Each number was
well received and each rendition of the
chorus was encored.
When S. Levi arose to sing the old
favorite "Dinah," he received a flat
tering storm of plaudits and was
forced to repeat his efforts several
times. The tambos were wielded by
Robert Lorentz and Albert Furth»and
the bones by A. Brandt and S. Levy,
while Charles Meyer acted as Interloc-
The committee in charge consisted of
John C. Plagemann, Sam Levi, Philip
Miller. George Volz. A. Lange. L.
Roesch. A. Mayer, W. J. Plagemann,
R Lorentz and Louis Plagemann.
There was dancing after the stage per
formance.
GERMAN ORGANIZATIONS PROVIDE
MERRY EVENING ENTERTAINMENTS
The Harmonie Minstrels
Entertain Their
Friends.
Merrumakers Incognito
Have Gau Time at
• Turner Hall-
Germania Club's Prize
Masauerade Ball
a Success,
Inquests were held yesterday by Coro
ner Leland over the remains of two un
fortunate women. They were those of
Miss Cora Stone, a laundress, of 704 Pine
street, and Mrs. Annie Leonettl of 1414
Kearny street, both of whom were vic
tims of malpractice.
Miss Stone died in the rooms of a mid
wife named Mrs. Steve B. Nolan, 71
Fourth street. Mrs. Nolan testified that
Miss Stone had been sent to her by Mrs.
Dr. Allen about two weeks ago to be
nursed, and that Miss Stone was the sec
ond patient that Dr. Allen had sent her.
Mrs. Dr. Allen denied that she had sent
Miss Stone or any other patient to Mrs.
Nolan-
Mrs. Leonetti. a poor woman, had been
attended by Mrs. Katherine Pescia, a
midwife. When unfavorable symptoms
appeared Mrs. Pescia advised the family
not to send for a physician and said that
the unfavorable symptoms would disap
pear In a few days. The contrary was the
case, and when a physician was sum
moned it was late,, blood poisoning hav
ing set In already. Mrs. Pescia. had had
a dispute with the family concerning the
amount of her fee and refused to con
tinue her attendance on the poor woman.
The Jury returned a verdict that death
was due to "blood poisoning caused by
not having timely medical attendance,
and we further censure Mrs. Katherine
Pescia for neglect"
Coroner Leland read Mrs. Pescia a se
vere lecture on her mercenary and un
professional conduct, a lecture that was
applauded by the jury and the spectators.
The verdict in the Stone case was that
death followed a criminal operation per
formed by unknown parties. •
TJTiTPItlNCIFlLED WOMAN
. BEBUKED BY CORONER
Jury Places Responsibility for Mrs.
Leonetti's Death. Upon Mid
wife Katherine Fescia.
OAKLAND. Feb. 9.— The relatives
of Mary M. Seely, the young
wife of Frank M. Seely, who
killed her and himself last night
at 835 Franklin street, after she
refused to surrender their child to him.
have reached the conclusion that Seely de
liberately planned to murder his wife in
the event that he should be unsuccessful
in his quest. They base that belief upon
the fact that on the day he left Portland,
Oregon, for San Francisco he mailed to
Mrs. Seely a letter which they declare
was written to conceal his presence here.
That letter Mrs. Seely received "Wednes
day and it stated flatly that the writer
Intended to make a trip to Baker City,
Oregon, and possibly to Salt Lake, on bus
iness connected with an estate in wblcn
the couple were interested. .
Within a few hours after he mailed tne
Mrs. D. B. Ladd. 3istar of the slain
woman, and her husbnd, who Is a clerk at
the Hotel St. James, San Jose, and George
Drummond. a brother, also of San Jose,
arrived here early this morning to tak«j
charge of affairs. The sister and
brothers made immediate arrangements
to have Mrs. Seely's remains shipped to
morrow to their former home at Clover
dale, near Portland. Mrs. Ladd will ac
company the body. The husband's re
mains are in charge of Coroner Mehr
mann. He is awalti.'ier final instructions
from the relatives of the dead man at
Portland. A dispatch was received by the
Coroner this morning, 3igned by T. D.
Hughes?, chief conductor of Mount Hood
Division. Order Railway Conductors, and
by John Seely, father o: the suicide, to
prepare the body for shipment and await
further word. Chief of Police MqLaugn
lin of Portland, a relative of the Ladds.
sent a dispatch to Chief of Police Hodg
kins on the same subject. There appeared
to be some conflict, which will necessitate
a delay until definite instructions are re
ceived.
letter Seely started for San Francisco
with a big Colt's revolver In his grip and
was accompanied by his nephew, C. W.
Garletz, who came to Oakland yesterday
afternoon and located the home of . Mrs.
Seely, where the tragedy occured.
W. H. Drummond, the woman's brother,
and Sidney Wilson, their friend, and Mrs.
Seely received Garletz. who. according to
Drummond, made no reference to his
uncle's presence in San Francisco. But
the visit disturbed Drummond, as had the
receipt of the letter. He declared to his
sister when the letter came that there
was something wrong, and it was upon
his advice that the little girl was sent, to
friends until there should be some devel
opments.
Drummond places uocn the nephew a
large share of blame for the tragic out
come of the husband's visit last night.
When the distressed brother talked to-day
of the occurrence he dwelt much upon
the circumstances suiroundine Garletz'
visit durlne the afternoon and his return
again In the evening with Seely, who had
armed himself with the revolver.
nearly $100,000.- Mrs. Harris, who was
more than SO years of age when the suit
began, died before the matter came to
trial and the case has since been carried
on by the executor of the will, E. Wilder
Churchill.
In her original complaint Mrs. Harris
alleged that until the discovery of certain
irregularities in her business affairs she
had reposed implicit confidence in her
brother's Judgment and responsibility
and had no knowledge of the con
duct of her business. She stated that
her brother had taken advantage oof
the confidence reposed in him to have
large blocks of securities transferred from
her accounts to his own and had bor
rowed more than $20,000 from her on notes
which she alleged were worthless and
fraudulent.
The first suit was dismissed and a sec
ond one begun in 1S97. In January, 1S39,
Judgment for 161,862 75 was rendered in
the Superior Court in favor of the estate.
The case was Immediately appealed to
the Supreme Court by Ames, who put In.
a counter claim for $25,000 for his services
as Mrs. Harris* agent during her life
time. The case is still pending before the
higher court.
The terms of the compromise as out
lined in the stipulation now agreed to by
both parties to the suit cover all the mat
ters in dispute, except a note for $4470 in
Mrs. Harris' favor, drawn by Ames &
Harris. Mr. Ames agrees to pay $23,000
in cash on or before the 1st of March.
1901, and the remainder by four notes of
$5000 each, payable in one. two, three and
four years, and secured by an equivalent
amount of Ames & Harris Company
stock. . 4
The stipulation will be submitted to
Judge Ellsworth next Wednesday;
*The first suit, filed in 1S96, charged that
J. P. Ames, while acting as his sister's
agent in the purchase and sale of stocks,
and in "the management of real estate,
had defrauded her to the amount of
compromise agreed to by the defendant
and Mrs. Harris' heirs and placed on tile
to-day.
By the terms of the compromise Mr.
Ames is to pay his sister's estate $45,000
and waive all his counter claims against
the estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 9.
The sensational litigation begun in ISM
by Mrs. Ann Harris against her brother,
Josiah P. Ames, former "Warden of San
Quentin prison and Supervisor of San Ma
teo County, has been terminated by a
of the Amount Asked For
in Original Com-
Vti* &L Plaint.
Heirs of Plaintiff "Will Eeceive Half
of the Amount Asked For
Ames-Harris Litigation Is
Settled After Years
of Struggle. ,
COMPROMISE ENDS
OLD FAMILY FEUD
BERKELEY, Feb. 9.— Hearst Halt,
with its big: gymnasium and la
dies' rooms, formally became a
part of the University of Califor
nia to-day. It will be for many
years to come the daily home of tha
women students— the central scene of
their college life, of their study hoars, or
their pastimes and their sports. It was
dedicated to them this afternoon, the ex
ercises commencing at 3 o'clock.
The university band opened the exer
cises with a selection. President Wheeler
presided. He delivered a short address,
saying in part:
Here there shall be tor th» women students
a home, a place of rescrt and of refugs. Her*
they have the opportunity of a place of asso
ciation with women and a place where they
may secure good health.
Many have declared that college, education
produces supersensltlve women, but we flnA
that everything in the modern education of
women is moving in the right direction. May
this hall be always used in common sense,
sanity and health and may It send out into
the world women of common sense, sanity and
health.
The Choral Society, the women stu
dents' musical organization, rendered a
selection. The members wore their
mortar-boards and gowns and formed ona
of the charming features of the exercises.
Mrs. M. L. Cheney, who graduated from
the university with the class or '83, told
of the past, of the old girls and the old
boys. At that time there was" no Hearst
Hall for the women, no place of social
gathering. In spite of this there were
many pleasant remembrances of the past.
Mrs. Cheney said:
Mrs. Hearst has given you this magnificent
building. She has given you the opportunity
to do much, but after all It lies with you to
make the best of .that opportunity. To show
Mrs. Hearst how much this gift is appreciated
every woman student should make the best
use of It possible.
Miss Muriel Eastman "01 responded,
speaking of the present. She said:
Can there possibly be any new experience,
left for the present? One can not help won
dering this, after hearing this history of ths
past. Doubtless the past was golden, doubt
less it was appreciated as a golden ace by
It* sons and daughters. It Is but natural that
the past glittered like true sro.d. but each a«n
Is In its turn tested by opportunity. If th»
goddess se*s her own fare reflected In It she
knows that the age is true gold. She sees
her face imaged in the gold to-day.
Opportunity means responsibility. Our CeitJ
has grown. Whatever els* a woman may be
ir she Is to live up to her high calling as a
woman she roust be cultured, and she must
get this culture in college If she does not
have it when she enters. Culture mmt color
her feeling for art. for books, tor music, and.
n.ost of all. for character. If she has not
the Instinct foi 1 the fragrant fields of life. an<i
if their fragrance does not cling to her gar
ments, she will have failed as a woman.
We girls are responsible for this atm^sphera
of culture in college— for creating this feelins
for the best that Is thought and kno-wn In
the world. Hearst Hall will help us create
this atmosphere for us— and only when this Is
so will the goddess see her face in the tru-»
gold— and only then will we have expressed
In fullest measure our appreciation of Mrs.
Hearst's gift to us.
In behalf of Mrs. Hearst, Mrs. Sanborn
of San Francisco delivered the dedicatory
address. She said:
Did you not already know Mrs. Hearst, did
you not already know of her high character.
it might be possible for me to tell you »ome
tblng. Now. In her name. I thank you ons
and all for the spirit la which you have re
ceived this rift.
An American flag, hanging in front of
the dedicatory plate, was drawn up by
the president's little son. Benjamin, and
the exercises closed with a prayer by Pro
fessor Thomas R. Bacon and a selection
by a student quartet.
The dedicatory plate was of oak. oblong
In shape, with the following inscription:
Dedicated to the women students of the Uni
versity of California by Pbebe Apperaon
Hearst. IDOL
An informal dance was held after the
dedication and refreshments were served.
The following named ladies assisted the
students in receiving:
Mrs. Benjamin Ide % Wheeler. Mrs. C. B.
Bradley. Mrs. Frederick Slate, Mrs. E. K.
Clapp. Mrs. C. M. Gayley, Mrs. G. M. Strat
ton. Mrs. L. F. Chesebrough. Mrs. T. R. Ba
con. Mrs. F. M. Price, Mrs. C. H. Howard and
Mrs. W. E. Masee.
The young ladles' reception committefl
was as follows:
Misses Evelyn Ratcliff. Mary Bentley. Flor
ence Preble, RutheUa. Berg. Rowena Moore. B.
Clarke. Edna Owen. Irene Hazard. K. E. Berg
hauser. Marguerite French. Zoe Larkins. Adells
Lewis, Emma Stoer. V. C. Mllled^e, Brownie
Brownell. Irene Tajtfor, Annie Jennings. Muriel
Eastman. C. C. Piper. Flora Bactgalupl. Anna
bel Wenzelburger. G. Woods. K. B. Foster.
Florence Mayhew. M. L. Thorpe. Grace Bar
nett, Edna Wemple. Ada Lamb. Maude Schaef
fer. E. Jameson, Daisy Steele, C. Day. T. L«
Conte. Elsie Leale. L. Kellogg. Emma Ham
mond. Isabel Godln. Eva Bramlet and P. E.
Brown.
Miss Isabel Godln had charge of the r<s
freshments. *. ¦
President Benjamin L Wheeler, Mrs,
Cheney, Miss Eastman and
• Mrs. Sanborn Iffaka .,.'.• ;
Addresses. J^" ~
Magnificent Gymnasium Be
comes Part of State
University.
HEARST HALL
IS DEDICATED
DECLARE MURDER OF MRS. SEELY
BY HUSBAND WAS PREMEDITATED
Relatives of the Dead Woman Insist That the Tragedy Was Not
the Result of a Sudden Fit of Rage— Vengeful Husband Came
From Portland to Claim His Child or the Life of His Wife
REPUBLICANS MEET
AND NAME TICKET
George C. Pap§ Nominated
For Town Marshal of
Berkeley.
E. C. Marliave Presides Orer Conven
tion and Will Direct Campaign
as Cnainnan of City Cen
tral Committee. ¦ -
BERKELEY. Feb. 9.— The local Repub
licans held their convention to-niKht.
nominating by acclamation the following
ticket:
Town Mar«hal— Oeorpe C. Pape.
Towt: Clerk— C. E. Thomas.
Town Treasurer— C. It. Ford.
Town Assessor— Francis Ferrier.
Trustees — Pecrr.d Ward. Charles Wilkinson;
Fourth Ward. M. L. Ryder; Sixth Ward, L. 1m
Nelson.
School Director*— Second Ward. E. J. W.
Wickson: Fourth Ward. Dr. W. W. Allen;
Sixth Ward. E. F. Nt<-hau*.
Library trustees st larpe— Charles Sleeper. L..
J. R!<*hsrfson. S. D. Waterman. C. P. Henry,
Charles Finney.
The following City Central Committee
was appointed:
E. C. Marllave. P. Palsoury. W. A. Hey
¦wood, A. W. Athertcn. W. D. Wooster, J.
Ptutt H. C. Barrow. S. V. Kinpton. J. C.
Arnold. E. L. Coryelle. James Kenney. U.
Ketz. P. F. C. Blehl. A. F. J. Woods, W. C.
Moran. A. P. Gr»en. U. T. Haws, E. D. Durell,
J. S. Bykes. J. H. Hemming. C. W. Davis, M.
J. Acton, Thomas Wilson.
E. C. Marliave was chairman of the
evening- and P. Salsbury secretary.
ONE DOMESTIC
SHOOTS ANOTHER
Rosie Burns Fires Shot at
Maggie Mahoney, Wound
ing Her.
»
Injured Girl Is Not Badly Hurt,
the Bullet Merely Tearing
Furrow in Her
Scalp.
Mactrie Mahoney. a young domestic.
was phot last nifrht at the house where
she works, 1303 Golden Gate avenue. She
elirpes that the shot was fired by another
domestic named Rosie Burns, who works
at & house a few doors above the number
given. N
Miss Mahoney is la the employ of Mrs.
Levy. Shortly after midnight members
of the family heard a pistol shot, a
6cr«aj3 and a noise as of some person
falling:. They ran downstairs and founl
Miss Mahoney lying just inside the door
way unconscious «ui ( l with blood pouring
from her head.
A telephone message was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital and the wounded girl
was taken there in the ambulance, ishe
regained consciousness and Bald Rosie
Burns had shot her.
The wound, strangely enough, was in the
back of Miss Mahoney's head, well
toward the top. It was in no degree dan
gerous, the bullet having merely torn the
Rosie Burns when Eeen denied that she
had fired the shot that wounded Miss Ma
honey. Rosie said the had not been out
of her house after 9:45 last night. She
said Maggie and another girl were infat-
Uiiteil with a man, whom she only knew
as "Joe."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ANNUAL EEPOET OF
THE SOUTHEBN PACIFIC
Pamphlet Issued Showing Total
Mileage, Expenses and Earn
ings of the Hoad.
NEW TORK, Feb. 9.— The pamphlet re
port of the Southern Pacific Company and
proprietary companies for the fiscal year
ended June 30, WOO, has been issued. The
report shows the total mileage of the road
operated at Tsio, which is an. increase of
270 miles over that of the year previous.
The results of operations of all lines, not
including the Houston and Texas Central
and Eubsidiary lines in Texas, are as fol
lows :
Gross earnings: Proprietary and leased
lines. J65.9«*0,430; increased, J9.028.922.
Other income. ?2,147,750; increased,
51.250,000. Total pross earnings, J6S.12S.140;
increased, $10.27^,928.
Operating expenses: Proprietary and
leased lines. JiS.197.C3S: increased, S5.206.-
E70. Interest, taxes and rent, etc., J2.677,-
Ofcl; increased, 52.250.S13. Net earnings,
J7.253.421; increased. $2,775,445.
Additions and beUtrments. $3,334,790; in
creased. $5O4.SS3.
Surplus. J3.918.cn: increased. J2.171.0S2.
The transportation receipts and operat
ing expenses of all the lines operated
compared wiih th? previous year, shows:
Receipts — Rail lin-s J*.'.fcl7.109. increased
J7.713.r-44; steamships J3.103.3o5. increased
JU1C.717; total gross earnings $63,520,414, in
creased SS.S07.261.
Expenses— Rail lines J3S .949.674. increased
$4.*£9.736; steamships J2.459.126. Increased
f.'7f-.fiT.4: net earnings J£2,511,614, increased:
t2.LS7>71.
LANDSLIDE ON SOUTHERN
PACIPIC COAST ROAD
Ttains May Not Be Running on the
Hew Line for Months to
Come.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. S.-Loosened
r>y heavy rains a bi& mass of earth slid
nto a deep cut on the Southern Pacific's
)ew line just south of Arroyo Honda yes
erelay. The road at this point makes a
urve with the ocean-iront bluJt and goes
:hrough a cut at the same time. Tna
a/hole formation is Ft.^le and becomes un
stable when saturated. The bluff has
settled and given away below and the
bank on the upper side of the cut has
rolled in, covering 2»0 yards of track.
This is not the oniy trouble experienced
along the new line. There has been more
r-r Jess sliding in a number of places south
r.f Gaviota— in fact, wherever shale for
mation is encountered in the roadbed.
The company has recognized this and at
the wors-t place— the scene of the present
Flide — it has bten working on another cut
which will go nearer the base of the hills
and consequently be much deeper, but
will avoid the edcr of the bluff. It U
fFtimattd that to complete this work will
require thre-e months if the weather be
pood. Trains may uot run on the coast
line for months to ccme.
m
EO3BEK GETS AWAY
WITH SMALL SATE
DES MOINES. la.. Feb. 10.— A dispatch
from Manila, la., gives meager details of
the theft of an express saXe said to con
tain $10,000.
When the passenger train from the
r.orth on the Sioux City and Dakota
rranch of the Chicago, Milwaukee ar.d
Pt. Paul arrived at 10 o'clock two truck
loads of freight of the American Express
Company were unloaded from the express
car to be transferred to No. 4 eastbound
on the main line. The trucks stood on the
platform for a s*hort time. When No. 4 ar
rived and the packages were being loaded
the absence of a tmall safe said to have
contained $19,000 was discovered. Train
No. 4 was held one hour and a search for
the safe prosecuted, but without result-
No clew to the robl/ers or their method
of operation is known.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
C Dankert. USA
R C Cclburn, Bloom fld
Mies L Schomn.chcr.Cal
P J Loehoeh. Alamwia
F H Luehrman. Ala
S Vock, Pleasanton
W Van Loon. Stockton
C P Bradford & w, Cal
L. For-burg-. Elk
L H Coster, Portland
H Call. Chicago
PALACE
N K Givena. 3Tth Inf
H C Destoy. X T
F Pheffenath. Omaha
A W Jerrems, Chicago
Mrs V.' H Cowe, Denvr
Mrs M S Morgan & c,
Denver
Rev W McCormlck. Cal
D Bell. Chicago
W Smith. Chicago
W B Hanna, U S N
A P Booth. Sacto
F A Boole, ganger
J J Castel. Cal
J A Hawllaway. N S A
H Knusder. Spokane
X K "ajriqujpatJj s
E Dempsle. Spokane
A L Narl. N Y
G B Robbins & w. Chic
G L Lee, Carson
Dr T Flint & w. Cal
Miss E Galvln. Denver
Mm L FiFke. N Y
Mrs E P Buckingham,
Vacaville
A B Cohn. St Joseph
J F Newell & w. Cal
H Growtage. Stanford
C K I'rquhart & w. Cal
J F Colton. N Orleans
J II HoUoway &. w,
D S X
Miss Remington. Cal
S Keogh, Cal
C Green. Idaho
A F Connutt. Oregon
W Chtnn, USA
C P Schockley, U S N
J Remil & w, Stnckton
W F Nail, Stocktan
E T Burney. Stockton
A KIukp & w, Ml:in
J G Glltlns, Utan
HOTEL.
H T Gare. Sacto
M Donohoe, Mont
J L Davidson, Pa
P K Gilman. Stanford
C E Gilman. Stanford
W Hanson & w. Cal
MrsH A UnNrg, Wash
C G Fogc. Tacoma
C W Smith & w. Cal
C F White & w, D C
H D Norton, Or
C E Baldwin. Or
J B GUdersleeve. Menlo
J B Terrell, N Y
S Frlendenburg, N Y
auBJjods 'niBJUQ -j^
W E G Saunders, Cal
W C EFtey. Ind
H VW Wolf. Chicago
W J Mullen. Fargo
Mrs C A Harper. Ala
iFHbelle Harper. Ala
L I- Moore. Seattle
C D Willey. Denver
L E Thayer. Cal
J Brockman. Ariz
RAF Penrose, Ariz
Dr H L Price. Tulare
S L Lee, Cal
Dr T Frank & w, Cal
Miss Livingston, Cal
W J Walley. Palo Alto
GRAND HOTEL.
E Painter & w, Cal
W H Atkinson, Napa <
M S Glenn, Sacto
E Richardsno. L Gatos i
J Reich. Chicago " i
T W Wilson', Winters !
F Baker, Sacto !
J Steinbeck. Salinas
A Fibush. Oakland <
J A VTa.II. Crescent CM
T Bullock. Woodland <
R M We.'ton, Chicago I
F Bancroft. Palo Altn 1
H Campbell. Palo A1,J
R Hoffman. Palo Alto I
II Adams, Palo Alto C
C Teller, Palo Alto >
H K Owens. S Jose I
II O Conney. Butte 1
A B Moseley. Cal 1
R«»v J Eyler, Ohio 1
Mrs Hooker. Salem 1
J B«-ach. Col fax 1
A W Keck. Mo 1
M G Siddall, Chicago <
E Jescen, Spokane ]
R P Ober, St Paul ]
\V Murphy. St Paul- '
A M Gamble, ash •
W J Moulton. N D
J W Butt*. Cal
R Xlckerson & w. Cal <
R Xlxon. Yreka
Miss R Nixon. Treka '
S G Call & w, Seattle
F Swaw-y & w, Cal
Mrs Miles. Clnn
Clara Miles. Clnn
Mrs L de Camp. Cinn
G Weir, Petaluma '
Mrs Perlne, Topeka
Mrs Erwln. S Rosa ]
V A stanton, L Ka%
C E Morton, L Ang
E Trinnlneliam, Cal
C Trinningham. Cal
S Boynton & w. Orovl
Mrs F A Lyon, Sacto
H Maham, Hanford
A. Musto, Stockton
3 Biddle & w, Offden
W Shepherd, Auburn
? Proctor & w, L Ang
Mrs Stlmson, R Jose
L. E Aubury, U Ans
r Brown Jr. Cal
f C Barnes, Portland
? E Bliss, Cons
.V Tillotson, ReddinK
* Shereden, Lakeport
} Unfispy, Salt Lake
U K Carter. L Ang
P James. L. Ang
H M Payne. L Ang
Dr Simmons & w. Cal
W R Ormsby. Sacto
a Brags; & w, S Jose
Dr Fhea & w, N'apa
H Smith. Gllroy
\V Matthews, Sacto
C Cole, Chicago
W Thompson & w, Cal
Jl H Doyle, N Y
C R Sodd & w. Sacto
E Is Webber, Napa
T H Noxen, L Ang
G Bell. Oakland
Dr Look. Sacto
G T L*kk. Vancouver
a Bartlctt. Cal
J Smith, Healdsburg
F D Pease, USA
\V P Fox, Cal
E Mitchell. Vallejo
SETDEN" IS FORCED
TO FILE NEW SUIT
John F. Seyden's petition for a -writ of
Injunction to restrain tne Board of Civil
Service Commissioners from declaring in
eligible for a position in the Tax Collec
tor's office and to restrain Tax Collector
Scott from removing him from his posi
tion at the Instance of the Civil Service
Commission has been dismissed by Judge
Murasky. The merits of the controversy
are consequently as yet undecided.
Judge Murasky, In a brief opinion, holds
that Seyden. who sued in behalf of many
other deputies besides himself, has pur
sued an improper course in an effort to
secure the desired relief. He holds that
a WTlt of injunction will not lie to re
strain the acts complained of, but the
proper course to bring the issues before
the court is by proceedings in mandate.
Upon the filing of the court's order a peti
tion tnr a. writ of mandate was filed in
Seyden's behalf. The case was assigned
to Judge Murasky and an opinion on the
merits of the controversy will now be
forthcoming.
McBBIDE GIVES IT UP.
Draxs Out of the Senatorial Contest
in Oregon.
SALEM. Or.. Feb. 9. — To all appear
ances Senator McBrlde Is out of the Sen
atorial fight His friends in the Legisla
ture and also the supporters of Fulton
and Moore went to the support of George
S- tJY. 1 ] 111 "? 19 ,. 111 a bod y to-day. Senator
MeBride declined to say whether he had
withdrawn from the fight, but said:
"My friends voted for Williams to-day
¦with my consent and approval Farther
than that I do not care to make a state
ment.
The change to-day was a complete sur
prise to all except those who voted for
Williams. The vote resulted as follows-
Corbett 26. Smith 19. "Williams 20 Her
mann 4, not voting 1, absent and paired 2.
Poolsellcr Rohrer Fined-
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 9.— City Justice of
the Peace W. A. Anderson to-day fined
Fred Rohrer, previously convicted by a
jury of selling pools on a horserace In
violation of a city ordinance the sum
of $300. The case will be appealed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, , FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
25
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation
"CALTHOS" •
Restores Lost Manhood.
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolattly FREE bj Sealed H«iL
PBOr. JULES LABORDE.
BISCOVKB£B Of* -CALTUM."
"CALTHOS" U put bcfor» yoa on its merit*
•Jose. Try It *nd put it to tb« t*tt. Try II free.
There it do •ecnritj rwjoirwi— no C. 0. D. Bcbcnw.
Send at your r>am« and addiece, and we mill send
yoa mouch -CALTHOS" to Ian fits days. ¦«
Will *>•> »»-i»t In m M-«lr<l parli.cr 1/ Bnatll.
Th« oarTf-ioo* French remedy "CALTBOS"
reotntly introduced in thU country by the Von Mobl
Co.. of Cincinnati. Ohio, one of the Ur£e«t. ric!ie*»
and mwt reepobrible iwdneM flrxna io tl>» Lnited
£ta.Uw. tuu «.ttract»>d tlio attention ot tlio «ntir«
medical profewioD because of tbe wonderfiri c»rec
ft baa ellected. If you euCer from Lo*t Banbood,
Vtrieocele. Weafcnm «f any minre io the Sexnil
Organ* or Ker»M. < uo natter Low caused.) ortl th«
part* are cndM-Moped or bar* shrunken or » acted
•.way -CiLTHOk" will rrrtore yon. _- : -
"CAI,THV»"ii tb* <!i»roTery of Prof. J«le» L»-
bordc. famed in Parti as France'* foremen specialist. '
"CAlVmos** is theonlr remedy rw»eniied by
tbe medical orofeacion aa a specific cure for tttak men.
"«Al.TtlOfc"L»« tb* •ndoraemeut vt tbe Cer-
nao and French ro*ertiu>enU. ao <] i- largi.7 used la
tbs standing armies of Uiom countries.
AH correspondence relatini to the !• CAaVTHOS"
dtjMirtment of oar btiritiens is atrictly confidential,
i w« neither pubiUb uor furniah testimonial*.
¦" AUmiTheVON MOHLCO., 87.2 B,
rr.M'X M uiuc.B. CINC'NNATI.OHIO.
ADVERTISEMENTS, jj
Why tbe Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to tbe Affected Parts.
ZP^Z" Stricture
|f*^* <?^ cut an artery in In '18 days, without pain, injury or iacon-
/ ~* vour arm ' you do venience. The bougies are Inserted at
/ •VCiS-SSwi not take internal night and act while you sleep. "Oran-
)?!>> medicine to stop the Solvent" removes evary symptom of
/^^ n^SV flow of blood. YOU stricture, leaving the canal as healthy
Vi JA*JXi USE LOCAL AP- ai when nature formed it. NO BRUTAL
1£ is&Jtwf- PLICATIONS. Sim- CUTTING OR DILATING. NO INJEC-
r* *wr T lliarly when the ure- TION8 TO IRRITATE THE MEM-
< *^ a j- ¦ thral ducts become DRANE. NO INTERNAL DRUGGING
yOyiK weakened and re- TO RUIN THE STOMACH. The St.
w*w7\/lW7/in3wr Uxcd It Is rldlcu- James treatment is local, direct and posl*
+?* r i-3LJ*Wm2r .\n\i% to take internal tlve.
treatment, which must pass through th« VnrirnrpiA
stomach and urine before It reaches th« T *" IWVCC1C,
seat of disease. The seminal duets project Varicocele Is an accumulation of stag*
Into the urethral canal through the Pros- gish blood In the veins of the scrotum,
tate Oland, and are easily reached by LO- due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
CAL TREATMENT. The St. James treat- haa Its origin In a diseased and torpid
ment Is prepared In the form of crayons. Prostate Oland. Operations In this dl«-
very narrow, smooth, flexlbl* and ¦wholly ease are only temporary, and no ta»-
• soluble, which are inserted Into the water chanleal devlco yet discovered has cured
passage at night, where they dissolve a single case. Gran-Sotvent heals thi
and deposit the medication in its full Prostate and restores healthy circulation,
strength upon the . Varicocele disappears and the slucfflsh
' Prostate Gland, . TK 101118^ 18^ 1171 " 1 "' 11 * 41 * 71
Contracting and strengthening the ducts. 19.S46 men strictured. weak, wasting and
FOREVER STOPPING drains and emls- despondent were cured and restored hy
slnnn. and curing while the patient sleeps, the 8t. James method last year. Avast
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble army of men In whom the light of Ufa
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever has penetrated the fearful nightmare ai
remove urethral stricture and seminal decay.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Space will not permit a complete description of the incompar- gB ¦% BOB FH
able St James treatment In urethal diseases. Every sufferer m FTn y b
from Stricture.and Its offspring. Prostatltls and Seminal Weak- N N H a ?|
ness, should write to the St. James Association. X. W. cor. Fifth Ffym BS[ BjH Kg
and Elm streets. Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful Illustrated B^ HH BT >4
work showing the parts of the human system Involved In urethal ¦ u u a y
ailments, which they will send securely wrapped In plain pack- I | D jh^ 9gm
age. prepaid .
** V * T1|: * * IvE/% IlflGr^l 1 CESSJT7IJLT AS BY OC2SJEX.TJU..
St. James Assn., 250 Elm St., Cincinnati, 0.I Lyons, Mi.=? Clara Haake and Miss Delia
Haake.
On Friday evening, February 1. Mr. and
Mrs. Chris Radovan celebrated the tenth
anniversary of their wedding at their res
idence. 110J* Folsom street. Appropriate
I presents of. tin were numerous. A fea
ture of the event was a serenade given
by a tin band at 8 o'clock. The parlors
were artistically decorated with pink
roses arid ferns. During the evening the
Owl Trio, consisting of Miss Nellie Day,
Robert McLaughlin and Martin O'Don
nell. rendered vocal selections. Professor
and Mrs. Morcfon furnished a novel jug
gling feature. At midnight a sumptuous
repast was Indulged in. tabJes being set
for fifty. Dancing and vo«al selections
followed until the guests departed.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Bernard. J. Bennet. Miss Nellie Day, Mr.
and Mrs. H..Quinn, J. Bunting. Mr. and
Mrs. H. Towle. Mr. and Mrs. George Mul
ler. Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, Miss Laille
Simpson. Arthur Simpson, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Spcllman. Mr. and Mrs. Frank McGuy.
Mrs. T. McLaughlin. T. McLaughlin Jr..
Alfred Day. Miss Charlotte McLaughlin,
Martin -. O'Donnt-Il, Miss Nancy Mc-
Laughlin. Mrs. J. O'Donnoll, Mr. and Mrs.
Van Pelt. Miss Laura Quinn, Miss A. Gas
ton. M. Holland. Miss Carrie Haffner,
Charles Ixine, Miss Lottie Haffner, Miss
Minnie Haffner, Thomas King, Mr. nnd
Mrs. Radovan. Miss Lulu Bernard, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Dunn, Miss Flossie Bernard,
Miss Alice McGuy. Owen Grey, Mr. and
Mr*. McQualde. Harohd Bernard, Charles
McGuy, Robert McLaughlin, Miss Delia
Gorham. Miss Delia O'Donnell. Raymond
Towle. Elmer Towle, Miss Annie Calnan,
Professor and Mrs. Morefon, Frank A.
Duffy and Edwin Best.
On the evening of Friday, February 1.
a pleasant birthday party was given to
Emma Gibson at the residence of her
parents. C23 Mariposa street. A pleasant
evening was spent In games, after which
supper was served. Those present were:
Emma Gibson. Mr. and Mrs. Gibson, Mrs.
Stone M re Baston, Frank Cheaver. Har
ry O'Leary. Annie Linn, George Willis,
Martha Baker, Arthur Baker. Grace
Cheaver. Phoebe Atkins, Thornton Bas
ton. Jennie Plutt. Dow Dabnoy. Carrie
Plutt. Eda Plutt. Eda McKay. Olive
Brothers and Maud Knobloch.
A surprise party was tendered last
Tuesday evening to George Sokoloff by
his wife. The Invited guests were: Mr.
and Mrs. M. Denow. Mr. and Mrs. H.
Bchafer. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Plagemann,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Pankaw. Mr. and Mrs.
Georce Sokoloff, Miss Supalo. Miss Coul,
Miss J. Plagemann, Miss Guell. Mr. Bren
dle. Mr. Mitchell. Mr. Muchbacher,- I*
Plagemann and W. J. Plagemann.
A surprise parly was given to Miss Em
ba Vanderwatf-r by her friend. Miss Nellie
Filgate, 329 Harriet street, Saturday. Feb
ruary 2. Those present were: Arthur Nut
ting. Michael O'Connor, William Lee'.
Ernest Herbert. Fred Zepoda, Carl Hag
man. Harry Willits Arthur Cregg, James
Jacobson. John Dowling, Ed Childs
Thomas Trabucco. Alfred Herbst. John
Burk. Charles Marshall. Ed Wren. John
Hragan, Robert Carp. Fred Dean Jo«pph
N. Jenkins. Archie McAllister. Al H«»qr
bert, Dan Foster, Al Schumacher Nat Fii
rate. J. w. Peilly. \V. F. Simmorde-,
Louis Peter*. Frank Lassell. Mr.
Vandeiwater. Willio Hinton: and
Misses May Hagerty. Laura Carroll.
Jenna McKenna. May Mclnerney, Maggie
Shay. Rose Kelly. Kate Carroll. Alice
Rocks. Fannie Barrett, Emma Vander
water. Emily Weber, Estella Williams
Gussie Schuman. Margaret Hinrlch, Grace
Mclncrney. .Irene Vanderwater. Annie
Ward. Annie Fogarty, Kate O'Connor and I
Mrs. Mclnerney.
In the Future.
The Entre Nous Comedy Club will pre
sent two comedies. "Smith vs. Smith" and
"That Rascal Pat," on Friday evening.
February 15. at Hlnman's Hall. Dancing
will follow the entertainment.
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Friedlander of 615
Taylor Hreet will be pleased to see their
friends on their twenty-fifth wedding an
niversary. Sunday, February 21, from 2 to
5 p. m.
Mrs. John T. Dare has sent out cards
for an "at home" for Thursday, February
14. from 3 to 6 p. m.
The Mendotas will h»ld their third as
sembly in Mission Opera Hall Thursday
evening. February 14.
The McKenzie Musical Society has is
sued Invitations for its twenty-seve-nth
musicals and hop at Odd Fellows' Hall
Thursday, January 31.
Club Parties.
In honor of her Majesty Queen Wilhel
mina. The Netherland Society of San
Francisco cave a very enjoyable enter
tainment, banquet and dance In the As
sembly Hall of the California Business
College on Thursday night.
A charming and enjoyable gathering
was given on last Tuesday evening at Co
tillon Hall by the members of the X. S.
L. K. 10 In honor of their twelfth
anniversary. Eighty couples were pres
ent and the young ladies were all hand
somely gowned. The floor was under the
direction of the following committee: Dr.
Edmond Keeffe. Henry I^assen. James T.
Ludlow. Herman H. Herzer, Merrltt D.
Robinson and Sanford G. Lewald. Among
those present were: Miss Edith Huff,
Miss Annie Auger. Ml«s Ivillian Lubben, •
alias Gertrude Coleman, Miss May Lud^ ;
low. Miss Coral Gilbert. Miss Sadie Lud
low, Miss Ethel May, Miss Kate Bying
ton. Miss Bessie Baker. Aiiss Clara* By
ir-erton. MIhs May Nolan, Miss Adelaide
Samuels, Miss Cora Kelsev. Miss Gladvs
Deizelle, Miss May Gladding, Miss Mae
Morris. Mi.«s Maud Muller. Miss Ida Pow
ers, Miss Grace Cashun. Miss Edna Sulli
van. Miss Alma Schroeder, Miss Doris
Heuer, Miss Eloiso Webb, Miss Grace
Hasseltine. Miss Florence Kustcl, Miss
Lottie Haskell, Mies Pearl Haas, Miss i
Florence Frlsbee, Miss Jeanette Cla
brough. Miss Ella von Kapff, Miss Susie
Vincent. Miss Edith Stadtfeld, Miss Mat
tie IloIbrooU, Miss Florence Wilson, Miss
Carrie Baker. Miss May Windham, Miss
Ethel Heanan, Miss Annie Hayford. Miss
Aurora Artlgues. Miss Camille Nelson,
Miss Ethel Wallace. Miss Armentine
Monges, Miss Pauline Ryder. Miss Sa
die Day, Miss Alvlna Vellguth, Miss
Georgle McPherson, Mr. and Mrs. George
W. Lipsman. Mr. and Mrs. James M.
Thomson. Mr. and Mrs. George T. Balch,
Dr. A. W. Baker, Ira LJUlck, Charles
Fickert. Arthur Castelazo. Charles Stew- :
art. William F. Hooke, H. C. Sagehorn,
R. F. Monges. Allen Warren. M. E.
Gaines." Alfred I>orber. D. T. Berry. Ches
ter Judah. George S. Whitley, AchiUe Ar
tigues. Dr. Calvin \y. Knowjes, William
WoFterfHd. William Wilson. C. W. Hop
kins. Alphonse Sutter Orrin J. Kennedy,
Dr. S. L. Piner, Joseph *B. Duggan. D.
W. Todd. Percy Black, Percy Windham,
H. L. Swanger. Samuel O. Stanyan, H.
Van Valkenbergh. Philip Heuer, James
Dougherty. Dr. Joseph 1. Richards.
The Bohemia Whist 'Club was enter
tained at the home of Miss Backer. 1589
Turk street, on last Friday evening.
I»rlzes v:rre won by Mifs Steigler and
"Sir. B'jsh.
The KJrst Friday Cotillon gave its sec
ond assembly and german on February
1, in Golden Gate Hall. The attendance
was the largest and the music the best
the club has ever hadi The germaTi was
led by James G. Jones, assisted by D. H.
McNeil and Miss IJllian Eastwood. H. "A.
Frank and Miss Cornelia Farrell. Percy
R. Mott of Oakland and Miss Edith Mac
dcugall. Dr. M. E. Clarke and Miss Mae.
H. Snyder. In the first four sets, besides
the above, were the following couples:
Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Marston; Frank I
D. Hall. Miss Kate Ralston; Robert \V.
Martland. Miss Edith M. Spooner; A. C.
Cooper. Miss Cora Evans; L. W. Snow,.
Mis* Ma** McDonnell; Mark Lennon. Miss
Ora Lambert; Dr. Arthur J. Knox, Miss
Lottie Marston; A. W. Cooper, Mrs. Sadie
Craig: A. L. Colton. Miss Adrienne Gul
tard; W. T. Gurney. Miss Belle McLaren:
Edward M. Hood. Mies Elma Macdougall;
Walter Williams of Sacramento, Mi«s
Caroline Cook; Peter J. Morrin. Miss
Genevia Keaton: William C. Olsen. Miss
Grace Savage; H. M. Lorber. Miss Flor
ence MacdouRall; E. \*. Frcitas,.Miss Lot
tie Foalks: Frederick K. Bhie. Miss May
K. Jones; V. J. La Motte. Miss Cook; Mr
and Mrs. Herbert E. Maxwell; R. R,
Impey. Miss THUe McCarthy; G. A. Hub
bell. Miss Nettle Hall; T. L. Simpson.
Miss Waterman; Louis F. Guedet,
Mis? Mabel Jones; H. L. Morris. Miss E.
I. Macmillan: Emil Guitard; Miss Ma
thilde .Uphoff; Weber M. Jones. Miss
Theodora Guntflng; J. Lytle Martin, Miss'
Nita Farmer; H. .C- Blake, Miss Adele
Sammy; D. K. Awley. Miss Lottie Shoen
berg; H. E. Trask. Miss Ray Farmer; El
mer Westlake. Miss Gertrude Auster
muhle: William L. Llppprt, Miss Jeanie
Fairgiieve; N. A. Drayeur, Miss Mar
garet Healy: Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Che
shire; Alexander Schmullan, Miss Saldle
G. "Cummlngs;- Walter McLeod. MlsaEUa
Waldo; Wayland E. Jones. Miss Marlon
McMurtrle; 8. A. Clarke. Miss Jennie Mc-
Laughlen: J. O. Blair. -Ml«s H. Desmond*
G. 'A. Thurkauf, Miss Mollie O'Brien :
¦Harold A. Gocdj*. Miss,. Mabel
lan; 8. S. Purdy, Miss Ermlna Munch";
It. H. Thompson, Miss Lulu Marston;
IN SOCIETY
George Peterson, Miss Minnie Smith; Al
fred Stevens, Miss Maude DePue; B. M.
Jones, Miss Jennette Uphoff; L. Perkins
Inch, Miss Zole Haas: Edgar L. Ourney,
Miss Teresa Smith; Dr. G. W. W- Roche,
Miss Lottie Hall; A. K. Harshall, Mrs. J.
Haas; Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Crow; John
Ware, Mrs. Purcell; K. Matheson, Miss
Milina Drayeur; G. H. Burgess, Miss
Kathryn O'Brien; H. J. Van Kirk, Miss
Florence Meyer; Dr. H. J. Phillips. Miss
Emilie Avstermuhle.
The Astorias gave their thirteenth even
ing dress assembly in Golden Gate Hall
last Tuesday evening, which was well at
tended. The floor was managed by Jo
seph J. LIberman, assisted by Louis Hess
and Jack Harris.
Personals.
Sol Bare has returned from his Eastern
trip.
Mrs. IT. H. Hobbs and Mrs. Charles E.
Bancroft will leave town in a few days
for Coronado. They will bo In Southern
California for several months and will
visit Santa Barbara before their return.
On account of the death of her father.
Colonel G. \V. Granniss, Mrs. Alexander
Center will not receive on Wednesdays
during the month of February.
Mr. and Mrs. H. I. Maxwell (nee Davis)
have returned from their Eastern trip
and are at their home In Rofs Valley.
Miss Belle Nathan has returned from
her trip abroad and will be at home on
the second Mondays of each month.
Mrs. Mark L. Cohn of Portland, Or., Is
here on a visit. At home Tuesday, Feb
ruary 12, at 510 Hyde street.
Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Hutchlnson have
returned from Europe after a seven years'
absence and are stopping at the Occiden
tal Hotel.
The Misses Marie and Terese Wilson
had as their guest for the last two weeks
Miss Jennette SaUnders of San Rafael.
Theodore Welisch and the Misses Car
rie and Josephine Welisch have moved to
the Lenox. C28 Sutter street.
The Misses Nancy and Birdie Jacobs
will be at home the second- Wednesday
of the month at 2011 Pine street.
Miss Carrie Ollnsky has left for Bak
ersfield on a visit to her sister, Mrs. H.
Kinspel.
LOOGE OF ELKS
FOR SANTA ROSA
"Best People on Earth"
Institute a New
Brancb. ;¦¦
Special IMsratch to Th<? Call.
SANTA ROSA, Fob. O.-A local branch
of the Order of Elk? was instituted in
this city to-night. Hlaborate prrparatior.s
had been made for the evfnt and the
affair was a great bvecess. Visiting teams
were present from £an Francisco, Oak
land, Vallejo nnd Sacramento numbering
more than two hundred members. Val
lejo Lodge came sixty strong on a special
train and brought !ts band. The Secra
mento visitors also traveled qir a special
train and a second l^and was brought by
the Oakland men. The Vallejo navy yard
band gave an open-air concert on the
Courthoure portico.
The new lodge consists of more than
one hundred charter members and is com
posed of the best nr.tn of the town. The
institution ceremonies were held In Odd
Fellows' Hall and" a banquet, 'at whicn
250 guests were seated, was held later if.
Ridgway Hall.
A. B. Ware is exalted ruler and C. O.
Dunbar secretary of the new lodge. . ¦
»
In Elkdom.
Another name has been carved- on- the
memorial tablet of Stockton Lodge No.
216, P. B. O. E. Adolph J. Hahn, who was
a charter member and the first to sign the
roll, passed away after a lingering illness
and was burled under the auspices of the
lodge last week. This lodge is advancing
rapidly, acceptable strangers presenting
themselves for membership as rapidly as
they can be initiated. At the meeting
last Tuesday tive candidates were elected
to become members, three previously
elected were initiated and thirteen appli
cations were presented. Of the. appli
cants eight are from Modesto and three
from Oakdale. As there have been Initia
tions at every meeting for several weeks
past, the officers now perform the work in
a manner that reflects great credit upon
them.
A number of the members of San Fran
cisco Lodge paid a visit last night to
Eanta Rosa.
During the latter rart of the current
month a new lodge will be instituted jn
Humboldt.
Daughters of Liberty.
The new officers of Martha Washington
Council of the Daughters of liberty have
been installed for the current term and
they propose to make the council one of
the most attractive fraternal organiza
tions in this city. The council is In a
prosperous condition at this time and at
every meeting on Monday nights there has
been initiatory work. On tne evening of
Thursday, the 14th lnst.. this council will
give a snowball party In the l^aurel Hall
of the Shiels building, and in addition to
dancing and snowballing, there will be an
interesting programme of musical and lit
erary numbers. The committee in charge
announces that there will be a Jolly good
time for everybody.
At the anniversary entertainment given
by California Council on last Wednesday
night there was an unusually larf?e at
tendance and a most pleasing programme
of music, songs, stories and specialties
in addition to sketches. One of the
sketches was the "Moral Proposal," In
which a number of ' the members took
part. For merit in . this Charles Potter
wan awarded a prize, a handkerchief care
made In the shape of a huge cigar pro
fusely decorated with the colors of the
order, red. white and blue. A booby prize
¦was awarded to Hvigo Schmidt. Herman
Moennig, Charles Johnson and Miss liz
zie Cantus entertafned with a one-act
sketch illustrative of love making under
difficulty, and Mr. Moennig favored with
an original screed In verse, in which ho
recited all the good deeds of the principal
members of the council. Then there was
dancing and the distribution by the secre
tary of the council, MIsh 1^-iiirn Cantus,
who acted as chairman i of the evening,
of cigars to all, but they were chocolate
clrars.
will call him up." So the central was
caJIed. -, *¦ ...-,:' -. . . ,.. .
"Give me number — ," said the neighbor.
As soon a* the bell sounded In the room
ofthe sleeplnj: father .he woke with a
start and ran to the telephone.
.. "Hello,, .what Is the matter?'*- . i
"*"Ts that you; to and so?" ' • ,'j
"Yes, what is wanted?" I
"Tour daughters nre at the front door
tryipsr tn pet In. Open the door. Good
night."— Baltimore Sup.
The city of Detroit. Mich., tried atardji
nrd time for just one week. Then the
Common Council. voted to abandon It and
return to local time, regardless of rail
road timetables.
Tlie TJseful Telephone.
Two young ladies on "St. Paul* "street
went'to the theater the other evening nnd
their father.* thlnkln? they had a latchkey,
went to -bed nt his. usual hour and the
.sprvanfs, alh left. When the > ladies re
turned they rang the' bell repeatedly ' and
beat on the door, but got no answer.
Finally thev bppan to despair. ¦ when a
neighbor, who had been avrakened hy tho
rtin. Rppeared in white at his window' op
pos'f^ and asked what was the matter.
,"A\*> are locked out and cannot. awake
papa." came. the reply In duet.
• ".Wajt .a minute.". Baid the quick-witted
man on the othpr sfde of the" street;' "your
father has a telephone in his room and I
THE SAX iRAJSrCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, •/ FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
X~^v NT.T nire more days of gayety.
f\ V\N »»3 the swell set is making
/I \\ \\ the best of the few days that
IV \\ V remain cf the reason. LAst
\^-^r week was the merriest week
that has ever graced a pros
perous season, and this week,
impossible as At may seem.
rrili bo.is? of even more pleasures than
filled the last one.
Of the many fine affairs of the week
pone by none were inure pleasant than the
dinner given by Edward M. Greenway In
the rod room of the Bohemian Club on
Friday evening, February 8. at 8 o"clock.
In honor of Miss Edna Hopkins and W.
H. Taylor Jr. Mr. Greenway received his
fixty guests in the owl room, which was
prettily decorated with palms, roses and
azaleas. After greeting their host, the
g-ursts passed into the large red room,
which was ornsmtt.tfd with large fruit
trr-es covered wtth blossoms arranged
aU.nsr th«- \va!*s, while in «he corners of
!h»i room were tail palms and potted
I»iant.«. The live tables, seating twelve
each, were decorated with spring blos
fcoiriK. Amor.jy those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott. Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett, Mr. and Mrs.
Georjr A. Pope, Mr. and Mrs. D. T.
Murphy. Mr. and Mrs. August Taylor,
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Magree. E. W. Hop
kins. Mr. and Mrs. Winthrop lister. Miss
Ld:.a Hopkins, Miss Georgia Hopkins,
.Miss France* Hopkins. Miss Grace
Spreckels, Miss Lillie Spreckels, Miss
Therese Morgan. Miss Taylor, Miss
Crockett, MJsa Scott, Miss McNutt. Miss
JjiKon, Miss Eelis, Miss Josselyn, Miss
Mary Jommt IjTlL Miss Thomas. Miss Sophie
Ilerce. Miss Rcfbinsori. Mi.-s Cadwaladt-r.
Miss ilagt-r, Miss Frances Moore, Dr.
Harry L. Tevls. W. H. Taylor. Harry N-
StetstJi. Max McNutt. Clarence Follis,
Knox Maddox. Latham McMuIlin. J. 1_
itcthbone, S. H. Boardinan, Kdg^ar Peix
<itto. Cyrus R. Mi!lrr. Walter S. Martin,
¦\V. Jff. Drown, George CadwaJader, Henry
Poett. Milton S. Latham, N. N. Wilson,
it. MiKee ln:p<»ru. li. U. CadwaJadcr.
Fred W. Mc.War. Piter D. Martin. Don
ald de V. Graham and Enrique Grau.
After the dinner Mr. Greenway's guests
attended *"I-a Jeunesse" cotillon.
Invitations have been issued for the
marriage of Mis=s Kmma Kortmann and
I»r. William Umerson Stevens, which
lakes rlaee Tuescay evening. February
3S. at haif-past S, ut the taxally residence
«.f the Lride. Gough and Kddy streets.
Miss Kortmann is the charming daughter
•if Henry F. Fortmann of the Alaska
1'ackers' Association. The groom-elect is
the son of the late Francis Stevens, an
«urly r>ior.e«?r. He is well known, being:
both popular and prominent among the
j ranger physicians.
Mi.s?es Marie ar.4 Terese WJlson spent
hist week near San Rafael as the guests
of Miss Jean<=tte Saunders. They were
entertained at "hearts" last Tuesday
evening. Those present were: Miss
Marie Wilson. Miss Terese Wilson. Miss
J"ar.ette Saunders. F. L. Berry, Charles
Kwas p.r.d C. R. Bnrnev.
Mrs. Phil T. Brown. Mrs. Charles Mo
rejr and Mrs. Joseph Wilson entertained
the Twentieth Century Whist Club at the
residence of Captain Phil T. Brown. 763
Guerrero street. Friday. February I. Cov
ers were laid for twelve und a delightful
repast was served. A verv pleasant aft
ernoon was spent.
They're Engaged.
The enpap*>ment reo»>ption of Miss Hilda
Moeer «n<1 Ben A. G^ildsmith will be held
this afternrxjn from 2 to 5 o"clock at
the. residence of the sister of Miss Moser.
Mr«. George H. Myers, 211S California
fctreet.
Home Gatherings.
A eery p'eaMiU surprise party was ten
dered Miss I>*-ssie Peterson Saturday
*-ver.inp, February 2. by her many friends
in honor of her eighteenth birthday. The
evening was spent in games, music and
<iancinj?. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mr?. I>onseth. Mr. and Mrs.
Peterson. Mis. Carlson. Mrs. Wissel, MIfs
Bessie Peterson. Miss Lillian Wissel, Miss
Katie Wissel. Miss Emily Wissel, Miss
Julia Smith. Miss Winnie Wood, Miss
Klien Malia, Miss J. Narras, Miss Mary
Ducran, Mrs. Ernest Engdahl, William E.
l-ambert. George Peterson. Max Ashe,
Harold VanderhofT, William Peterson.
ThorwaM Peterson. George Stephens,
Henry Smith, Carlie Smith, Charlie Eng
clhal. H. Berg.
A most enjoyable surprise party was '
that given to Bert Gorham at his rej=i
dcnoC'lSSOB Shotwell street, Saturday
? veninp, February 2. Among those pres
ent were: Misses <iertrude liolland, Mabel
TCBDK Gertie Rentj«chlor. Kthel Young.
Jessie Hamilton. Helen Chester, Kate Mc-
Dor.ald, May Kennard. Mabel Durken,
Anr.ie Leemann. Maggie Guinee: Messrs.
Hert Oorham. Otto Granz, Arthur Ewinp,
«:harlie Dalton, Walter Warnholtz. John
KwinR, Jim Durken. Frank Chester, Pat
rick Mr-Govern, Herbert Crowley, John
Hamilton.
At M Chaitanoopa Ktreet a very pleasant
surprise party was recently Riven by the
Misses r>ella and Clara Haake to "their
rnothf r and two sisters, Mrs. C. D. Chase
nrd Mrs. C. J. Byxbrer The early part of
the evening was In singing and
dancing. At 10:*. refreshments were
f-erveii. The r>arlors wt-re decorated In
* verjrreer.s and white blossoms; the din
ing-mom In smilax and violets. The
puests were: Mrs. Hartje. Mrs. Leon
hardt. Mr». Katzer. Mrs. Walsh, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Haake, Mrs. iirunner, Mrs.
<•- D. Cha.-e. Mrs. C. J. Byxbee, Mrs
Moulthrop. Mr*. Frledle, Mrs. J. C.
Haake. Miss «'onnor. M^lss Carrie Mc-
Crath. Mips Ionian Haake. Miss Alice
WH<=h. Miss Gleness Haake, Leland
26
ADVERTISEIIENTB.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
\£/ YOUR
j «igLFACE
vSr'
FREE! FREE!
TEST TREATMENT.
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
F^ld unrtfr a iruarar.te^ to remove superfluous
b«tr and to prrvent lt« rrowth. ha» been used
Micressfully for twenty jearti by the medical
tTtfeutoB in England. After one application
>cur face will be as free Irom hair as the
<!wk of an infant.
KUITK SKIN FOOD- Remove all fi>m!?h«
p_rd rmjRiiTip^f: makes the complexion perfect:
l*»-ps the fkin dear, snft snd t.mooth
EL.ITK FACE fHivi'DEIt— fhrmically pure:
a preventive from nuperfiuou* hair.
KUIE HAIR CROWEn- Removes dandruff-
«tiir.u!»(»i( tho prodnces a quick growth
end makes the hair soft and bright
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR-
PormanentJr remove* blackheads and rjJucs
the ewvres of the skin.
THE EUTB FA<~E nLEACII— For removing
tan and freckle*. It ha* no equal.
Tromjit attention to mail orders with ttampg.
Tegular fhy^lcianln attend: -:.«e.
EUTE DEEMATCLOGY INSTITUrE.
838 Market St., San Franc-sco.
Rrarrh at Sacramento. Mrs. Adele Kripp.
Mar.ai-er. - ¦'-
Slrncrina Teresa Labriola. at the age of
27 year?, has born Appointed professor of
law at the University of Rome.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all otter racial blemishes are remove-! by
PH. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bdlflisff. U7« Market «t.. cor. Taylor, rooms
28-23. with the electric ne«4!* without pain or
•car. Permanency guaranteed : hours 1 to 4 p. a.
TB« greatest skin food and tlaau* bulider.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Remove* wrinkles by maklnx th* ckln firm.
It renders th« akin soft. _..^«^____.^-___.
ejsootb. dear. «rnlt« anJ
joutcful and cures Poison A*^» fcJKCi
Oak and Eczema. It Is a r*.€utKiScfiSK&
liquid. Any crtam of th« aF?225»wrei
conrlrtrncy of butter will JfmSS^"* ''£&
klimulata the crowth of • \§G9* pBf fejgy-
>.air on li» face. Bran- W&Jf J
iun Toilet Cream la iSkft '^rtfrmVf
guaranteed cot to do eo. aB4.
>'rice Bf*. Hrahman A^S&XJtiS&tT^
Tooth Powder. tZc. All rt^^MHBJasSF «?
Arvetistt and »t ofac» of- - '*T"^^^ BII^ B^ t *"" J .
A. W. TRAVERSE. M. D. Unjl stock «J«r«yi
*A J. 6. Potts' Drvg Co, '
5^^^SB^H^0B9aB J4 fa Mr I ' A — W U H mt Sw E7 H^uSJI SjB MBm ** \9 kKCS^PI^M HflM B B MBM By Ej mB B II M^ufM^^ v^^^KSHBHS^S^^Kl M
wSD && in BBS A £S9 U M ft M U £f mESSBS ¦ Lm eSSSSM »¦ M M ¦•^¦•KSii u Jh w U la o^^^^S tfai fCfiii'ificX* 4
¦ j To keep a "aUfl upper lip » is almost impossible for an ll ll EL'SsBS^SsS^S I
ailing woman. . # S&t the yrom * > and inflammation of ovarie3, and was |
: She doesn't like to say anything about her troubles to £§F -^ in great pain> X took medicine Prescribed b 7 a §j
i , ' , ., , , , , ¦ ,, .„ , . «S» EB> By physician, but it did me no good. At last I hoard m
I her husband, because she knows they will worry him. W of Lydia a Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and 1
• f She knows that he needs every minute of his timeand wl *-£! / after rising it faithfully, I am thankful to say I H
all of his ingenuity to hold his position and make headway Si\ jA am a weU woman - x WOTlld aAirise a11 safferin^ h
. . fflMnitiiiJitsW^ women to seek advice of Mrs. Pinkham. I remain m
Sin hlS bUSineSS. >g a sincere friend ot Mrs - Pinkham and her Vege- g
She wants to help and not to hinder him. mrs^hlChAPPcu! teble Com P° und -"— MES. G. H. CHAPPELL, b
Yet, she has those awful sensations of weariness and ' ; — ~ • Grant Park » I1L ||
Weakness which, fight as she will, she cannot conquer. *~ " Dear Mbs. Petkham :— For years I had suffered with painful men- ll
! Qria Vioo Vt«o^nr»hf>a ond a-' rlronrlfnl hAirino- rlnwrn fooli'nor struation every month. At the beginning of menstruation it was impoa- H
bne Has headacnes ana a areaatui Deanng : aown teeling sible for me stand up for more than fiv ft e minutes% x felt m i serab ie. i
which nothino: relieves. She doesn't sleep Well, and is One day a little book of yours Was thrown into my house and I sat right 0
. . • • down and read it. I then got some of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable ' IS
: frequently attacked With dizziness. Compound and Liver Pills. I can heartily say that to-day I feel like a B
m i_ t_ x ui i. t. ie T. '1.1 new woman, and shall always praise the Vegetable Compound for wh»t H
; She keeps her troubles to herself as much as possible it has done for me."-MRS. margaret Anderson, eo Maple street, g
and consults the doctor, who doesn't help her. Then she Lewiston, Me. ||
gets discouraged and blue, and after "a good cry," tells fl vs*»rf^v ' ll " Dear Mbs. PnraHAMr—icanno* praise your ft
v i ' ii . t. i v. i <S&>$lre8£Ss»2^s medicine enough. When I wrote to you last H
S her troubles to her husband. ¦> Jliilifes§§ll wiuter l was a11 d^ OT ™ff^ I had terrible |
: Of course, her troubles are his troubles, but a man is (^w^^^^S pains in my back and sidcs and felt 6O weak - l s
w ¦- - ' . . |«W » did as you directed and now feel like a new wo- It
gj always moro hopeful than a woman. It is impossible for /£** *& man - When m y babe was born » labor was ver y |
u him to understand how unbearable are her sensations. (f^^^E^S^y short and I have a large healthy child, which we g
u 11-KT • -i 1 »i. i ii ' 1 1 » i , , tt-ry \h /a./ feel assured is the result of my takins? Lydia E. R
I "NOW, dont get the blues," he says to her. "Keep On A$A / Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I used ten I
H With the doctor's medicine and you'll be all right SOOn." f ' / bottles of your medicine and two boxes of Liver |j
m rti • v e i £ i.M i«A ±t i y i .* 4 J Pills. I beg of you to accept my thanks for what §
I She is more cheerful tor a while after that, but the . fe*fe53^$W you have dono for me - l would advise evei 7
M medicine doesn't do her any good, and the feeling of failure <^^^^^^tsl^l v '* omaa ia a P re ff nant condition to take your |
ra " • i Vi- • .iij.i ,•, ,, . „ sSwSgSBe^'fz.wawiKJ .medicine, as it is such a help duriner labor, and £
| comes back, bringing the old melancholy and depression of make3 a BtrOTffi hca i th y child."-MRS. W. A. i
I spirit. || MKb.w.A.BLQKtw j| BECKERt ShenaogOt pa. $
I Let this disconsolate woman turn to Mrs: Pinkham "Dear Mrs. Phckham :-i suffered for several years with falling of 1
I and She Will get the help She needs. In every neighbor- the womb. Was treated by some of the best .doctors in the .city, but they g
H .. . ¦ , .. ° r , J & failed to cure me. After taking six bottles of Lydia E. Pinknam's Vege- &
H hood there are women Who nave been helped by her, and table Compound, I am a well woman. The pain in my back has left me fe
M «i^.^«4- j ow iuke, ««««„ *^ n i~ i 4.1 £ £ after takinp the second bottle. Your medicine has done for me what the -
| almost every day this paper, prints letters from SOme Of doctors could not do, and I wish all who are troubled with female weak- I
y those grateful hearts. ness might know its worth."— MRS. SARAH HOLSTEIN, 3 Davis Block, E
H - • " . • .; J Gorham St., Lowell, Mass. : •' 5
g . If you are ailing and discouraged, why not do as these j
I women have done and get. the advice Mrs. Pinkham so • . Mrs. Johnson is helped through "Change of Life." '£
| freely offers to every suffering woman ? Her address is i! D^ AR , MlM - £«*ham :—i send yon this letter to publish for the c
y ¦- ¦ ¦'. ¦ benefit of others. I was sick for about nine years so that I could not do t
Q Lynn, MaSS. . • ~* i ¦ — -. ray work. For three months I was in' bed and e
II ¦««¦ t> # i t y -t ' * it i i * . ! z&rffrJSi^^&rK "1 conldnotsittiplongenoviphtohaveravbedrcade.
H Mrs. Pinkham s medicine has a welideserved reputa- I had five different doctors and all said there was |
@ tion for curing the ills that give women the blues. It over- '^W^^^^m no h l lp ! ? r m v , My tr . ouble % Y as c ha °Re of life. £
BB j. ¦• i • i .?• -• • , . „ . X? I suffered with ulceration of the womb, pain in
y. comes menstrual irregularities and pain, all uterine and b sides, kidney and stomach trouble, backache. . •
i Ovarian disorders, and brings the nerVOUS SVStem tO a 9 W-lS''B headache, and dizziness. ll heard .of your ;ren:e- I
• H . , v » «j , • •,. . „ J ** W ! // dies and bepan their use. Bt the time I had taken-
g normal state. An ideal medicine for women is / '\ U eight bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable \
H • ". .£'' \ C*^ I Compound, two of the Blood Purifier, four boxes |
y ¦¦ mm , mm^mr ¦». m m m : n- : ' \ '" "~* e ¦ 1 of Liver Pills, and used four packapres of Sanative ?
i mL-^&@SE£& £E- B^Bk¥I!i!mWlh* £&&&&*<$£ b&x9±>!!mk Wash, I was well nnd strong and felt like a cew \.
Kg '. /. "?^y.v~**T . a^™ m CMaamSS&MaBB w person. My recovery is a r^rfect surprise to £
B o.^ ' mm '¦''" twcBji Ew^fc^^^ii everybody that knew me. There is no reed of \
H m&0tlMt&m4r4Z£i&%mJ% K*^fw^^^^^fa8 women suffering fo much if they would take ¦¦
g WI&}jUB&m€2mWB& RHA^omjOHNSON your : remedies, for they are a sure cure.^-MES. I
| l-y^T B~ mmm I 1 'I CHARLOTTE JOHNSON, Monclora, Ohio. g
P QJv SS ams^ i^^k >^^fek i^^^ F°% H™ % fl B i\ B5b f^ Owincr to the fact that sotco skeptical people have from tine to tips qnestior.ed 53
H «*B* IScSBttv a ra M CT » W m\ \L — MtlM tT%. LJ the genuineness of the testimonial letters we are constantly publishinp. w ( hav» gj
g St>**«ak H Hi jy|| Eg " B tt " mu W W ¦ • *** deposited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mh*s., *.'>,<>0O, vrhich will be paid gj
0 J3 «^ mS 1^ J& \L ffl «> .any person who can show that the above testimonials are not Renuino, or were published before obtaining the \4
H " • ¦^^' writers' special permission.— Lydia E. Phtchah IIzdicike Co., Lynn, Ma^a :..: *i
KJ Women of refinement who regard healthful H
|g cooking at a paramount duty; good cooks, H
9 leading clubs and hotel chefs, and cooking fl
M authorities everywhere earnestly recommend M
El Wesson's Salad OH as better value than H
N the most delicately flavored Imported Olive H
|f Oil and costs very much less. Send for book- fl
19 let, which contains exceptional recipes, by 9
H UdaAmesWilfis,NationalFoodWriter,Lec- H
¦ turcrand Demonstrator; Mrs. S. TV Rorer, I
H Principal Philadelphia Cooking School; A. Bj
Bj Mantz, Steward and Manager Rittenhoiise Btj
H Club, and other valuable information free. I
H Ask your friendly grocer for Wesson's Oils H
Hand avoid unhealthful cooking fats. ' ' BmTHE SAN FRANCESCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
27
V.— FRIDAYS.
All of the above articles have been engaged for the series, as
well as a few others. It is probable, therefore, that two or three,
substitutions will be made, and also that the number of articles,
which is above the limit of the series, will be slightly reduced, re-
taining, of course, the strongest and most attractive in the list.
"THE CORCORAN ART GALLERY," by Director Fred-
erick B. McGuire.
WORLD," by Frank W. Palmer, Public Printer.
"PAPER MONEY AND POSTAGE STAMPS," by Wil-
liam. M. Meredith, Director of the Bureau of En-
graving and Printing.
"WHAT THE MINT DOES FOR THE PEOPLE," by
George E. Roberts, Director of the Mint.
"EXPANSION OF THE POSTOFFICE DEPARTMENT,"
by Joseph L. Bristow, Fourth Assistant Post-
master General. V
"WORK OF THE COAST AND GEODETIC SURVEY,"
by Superintendent Otto H f Tittman.
"HOW TO TAKE A CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION,"
by Commissioner John R. Proctor.
"THE GREATEST PRINTING PLANT IN THE
WilHs L. Moore, Chief of the Weather 'Bureau.
"THE UNITED STATES CENSUS," by Dr. F. H.
Wines, assistant director of the census. (Two
articf es.) ;-!• :: " £& : IiM
"THE WEATHER BUREAU IN EVERY-DAY LIFE," by
by Carroll D. Wright, Commissioner of Labor.
PLE.'V A general view of the subiect, by Dr. A. C.
Trude, general director o* the Government agri-
cultural experiment stations-
"HOW TO GET A PATENT," by Charles H. Duell,
Commissioner of Patents.
"HOW TO GET A PENSION," by H. Clay Evans, Com-
missioner of Pensions. ; v
"HOW TO GET FREE GOVERNMENT LAND," by
Binder Hermann, Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
"WORK OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION," by
Secretary^. P. Lan£ley.
"ADMINISTRATION OF THE PEA*ODY AND SLATER
FUNDS," by Dr. J. L. M. Curry, ex-Minister to
Spain, general agent of the funds.
"LIBRARY OF CONGRESS," by Herbert Putnam,
Librarian. '.-:£:-•
"GOVERNMENT HELPS TO EDUCATION," by Dr. W.
T. Harris, Commissioner of Education.
"WHAT THE GOVERNMENT IS DOING FOR LABOR,"
"WHAT THE GOVERNMENT DOES FOR THE PEO-
What the Government Does for the People.
Articles .by prominent Washington officials, describing tHe
healthful activities of the National Government. A nearly com-
plete. list of these articles follows:
VI— SATURDAYS.
Thz Art of Living a Hundred Years.
IV.-THURSDAYS.
A twentieth century study which is not so whimsical as many
might think. At least, some of the most eminent physicians, phil-
anthropists, physiologists and masters of sanitary science in the
United States have co-operated to give a well-rouncfed view of
how to become a healthy and happy centenarian somewhere near
the beginning of the twenty-first century. \ Among those who
have interested themselves in perfecting this series are
DR. S. WEIR MITCHELL of Ph^adephia,
SURGEON-GENERAL WYMAN of Washington, D. C.,
DR. GEORGE F. SHRABY of New York, .
Who is also a contributor to the series. Among the articles of
this noteworthy list are the following:
"HEREDITY," by Dr. George F. Shraly of fe.
"THE PACE THAT KILLS," by John W. Keller,
Commissioner of Charities of Greater N?w York.
"FOOD," by Dr. H. W. Wiley, Chief of the Division
of Ch*m:stry, United States Department cf
Agriculture.
?'REST AND REST CURES," by Dr. Charles K* Mills
of Philadelphia.
??EXERCISE," by Dr. J. William White of the
University of Pennsylvania.
??CLIMATE," by Dr. J. 0. Cobb, in chance of the
Government Sanitarium at FortStanton.N. Mex.
??SLEEP AND ITS DISORDERS," by Dr. C. L. Dana
Rev. Dr. N. D. Hillis of Brooklyn, N. Y. .
"OLD AGE," by Theodore Sutro of New York, vice-
of New York. £
"REGULAR HABITS AND RIGHT LIVINa," by the
president of the Hundred Year Club.
"HOW SANITARY SCIENCE AND HEALTH
BOARDS LENGTHEN LIFE" and ."OUGHT
THE SPAN OF LIFE TO BE A HUNDRED
YEARS?" by Dr.i F. W. Re illy, Assistant Com-
missioner of Health, Chicago.
•?CARE OF THE INFANT, AS AFFECTING ITS
LATER LIFE," by Dr. W. S. Christopher, pro-
fessor of children's diseases in the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of the University of
Illinois, and ex-member of the Chicago Board
of Education.
??EDUCATION. OF CHILDREN, AS AFFECTING
HEALTH," by Dr. W.S. Christopher.
Club*.
"WOMEN'S CLUBS AND THE LEGAL RIGHTS OF
eration of Women's Clubs and, its associate organizations in the
various States of the Union. In a remarkably interesting. prelim-
inary articie, tracing the rise and progress of the general and
State federations, giving statistics of their membership, outlining
their relations and briefly describing the many activities of the
clubs, MRS. ELLEN M. HENROTIN, ex-president of the
General Federation of Women's Clubs: prepares the way for a
series, of articles on striking features of the club movement. Some
of these articles are as follows: : .
** WOMEN'S CLUBS AND WOMEN'S HOMES," by
Sarah S. P. Decker, president of the Colorado
State Board of Charities.
"GROWTH OF OPPORTUNITIES FOR WOMEN IN
¦ . BUSINESS— The Leisure Woman's Share in the
Problem," by Mrs.* John K. Ottley of Atlanta,
Ga., chairman of the committee for working-
women of the General Federation of Women's
WOMEN," by Mrs. Catherine Waugh McCulloch.
"THE CLUB HABIT AND WHAT IT DOES FOR
WOMEN," by Mrs. May Wright Sewall.
"WOMEN'S CLUBS AND PUBLIC MOVEMENTS,"
by Mrs. Ellen M. Henrotin.
"THE STUDY OF ART IN WOMEN'S CLUBS," by
; Lorado Taft; the sculptor, m^nibsr of the Chi-
cago municipal art commission, who will also
write on "Women's Clubs and Municipal Art."
Among other topics to be treated are "The Right of Women
to Share in Productive Labor," "Women's Clubs and Reforms in
Education," "Women's Clubs' Work for Public and Traveling
Libraries," "Women's Clubs and the Beautifying of Villages and
Suburbs," "The Women's Club Movement as a Solution of the
Negro Problem." v
Altogether it is intended- that this series of articles shall be a
notable revelation of the methods and purposes of one of the most
remarkable movements ever, started in the United States. Inci-
dentally, it will give a vivid picture of the actual status of women in
this country at the beginning of the twentieth century.
ADDRESS" CURRENT TOPICS DEPARTMENT^ SAN FRANCISCO CALL «*
SERIES OF PAPERS TO BEGIN FEBRUARY 16th, 1901, AND CONTINUING FOB FOUR MONTHS.
Hr SA^ hWA vii SI III A S I irirrn a IIP 1 Si IK
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS OF
a
m
a
¦
B
¦
A C1R1RAT TREAT FfVR IJTERARY PEOPLE
EL— WEDNESDAYS.
The Women's Club Movzment— What It Js Doing.
The public has no adequate realization of the marvelous work
which is being done in many lines by the hundreds of thousands
of earnest women who are co-operating through the General Fed-
ae <£ FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
E.— TUESDAYS.
Colonial Governments Of To-Day — Their Strength arid
Their Weakness.
A series of articles, fully illustrated, on the principal colonies
of the world, their rulers and their forms of government. This
series is under the general direction of •
PROFESSOR JOHN H. FINLEY
Of Princeton University* Ex-Prcs«dent of Knox
College and Former Editor o? Harper's Weekly,
Who is an expert on the governmental needs of the new colonies
of the United States, and who has visited Porto Rico especially
to study those needs. The articles themselves, with the exception
of a final article by PROFESSOR FINLEY, summing up the
questions of colonial government as they relate to the new colo-
nies of the United States, are written by persons having intimate
personal knowledge of foreign colonial governments. Material
for these articles has been specially collected -in London, Paris,
The Hague, Berlin, Lisbon, Tokio, Calcutta, Sumatra, Java,
Madagascar, Portuguese East Africa and elsewhere abroad.
Among the early articles of the series are the following:
"MAURITIUS— A HERITAGE OF CONQUEST," *
colony of very romantic history, by Edgcurhb
Staley, M. A., of London, England, author of
*'The Arms and Badges of the British Colonies."
"ZANZIBAR— A WARD OF COURT," by Walter
Hodgson, M. A., of Keble College, Oxford.
"THE EMPIRE OF INDIA," by Edgcumbe Staley,
M. A.
"THE FIJI ISLANDS," by Morgan I. Finucane,
IVl. R. C. S. E., medical director of the colony.
"WHY GREAT BRITAIN SUCCEEDS AS A COL-
ONIZER," by Alfred Stead of London, England,
Walter Hodgson, M. A.
fellow of the Royal Colonial Institute.
"CEYLON— THE FIRST CROWN COLONY,", by
Other articles will deal with Dutch, Portuguese, German,
French, Japanese and British colonial methods, as shown in Java,
Sumatra, South Africa, East Africa, Egypt, Madagascar, Borneo,
Formosa and elsewhere. A particularly interesting article will tell
how the government of New Zealand, after years of warfare
against the unconquerable Maoris, turned them into peaceable
citizens, with native representatives in the colonial Parliament.
The story of the long wars of the Dutch, which are still in prog T
* ress, in their great island possessions in the East Indies, will also
be told. The illustrations of this series will be notable.
« * ¦ . ¦ ¦• ¦
L— MONDAYS.
The Opportunity and the Man.
Illustrated by unique biographies of remarkable men or to-
day. Edited by PRESIDENT DRAPER of the University of
Illinois. The series to be concluded with an article by the
HON. GEORGE F. HOAR, §ff|||§||
Concerning American opportunities and the homely virtues which
combine with them to produce success. '. 1
This series is intended to be as helpful to the young man-
hood of the nation as it will be interesting to all classes of read-
ers. To illustrate American traits by "human documents" highly
interesting in themselves and collectively running the gamut of
modern effort and of American character is a novel idea, which
makes a feature of very unusual interest. Careful selection from
all parts of the United States has secured a remarkable list of
men whose lives throw into strong light the various lines of effort
which go to make up some of the great industries of the nation.
Among them are EDWIN REYNOLDS, the machinery expert
of the E. P. ALLIS Company of Milwaukee; WILLIAM B.
RAXKIN, the electrical expert, who succeeded in "harnessing"
Niagara Falls; TIMOTHY KINNEY, the "sheep king" of
Wyoming, who is said to own more sheep than any one else on
earth; FLOYD DAY, the mountain financier of Kentucky,
owner of many mountain stores: W. W. DUSON, the "rice
king" of Louisiana; J. H. HALE, "king of peach-growers";
HUGH CHISHOLM. the paper manufacturer of Maine; F. A.
HEINZE. the "copper king" of Buttc, Mont.; R. S. BROOK-
IXGS. millionaire merchant of St. Louis; W. S. STRATTON
of Independence mine fame, Colorado; CORTHELL, the fa-
mous engineer: BARBER of match fame; DUEBER, the erreat
watch manufacturer; WILCOX, the prominent miller of Port-
land. Ore.; CRAMP, the ship builder, etc.. etc.
Every one of these articles will read like a first-class story,
replete with picturesque incidents, etc. All have been prepared
by brilliant writers, having an intimate acquaintance in each in-
stance with the men whose careers are delineated.
writing:"
All of the papers, taken together, will give vivid impressions
of the Americans of 1801 and the century they lived in.
American Life a Century Ago.
A series of articles by two of the best known women writers
of the United States— ALICE MORSE EARLE of New York,
author of "The Sabbath in Puritan 'New England," "China Col-
lecting in America," "Costumes of Colonial Times," "Colonial Days
in Old New York," "Old-Time • Drinks and Drinkers," "Home
Life in Colonial Days," "Stage Coach and Tavern Days," and^ther
similar works, and MARY HARTWELL CATHERWOOD of
Illinois, author of "The Romance of Dollard," "The Story of
Tonty," "Old Kaskaskia," "The White Islander," "The Spirit of
an Illinois Town," "The Days of Jeanne d'Arc," and other de-
lightful stories. The series will also embrace two or three articles
by other pens; notably one by D. D. THOMPSON, editor of the
Northwestern Christian Advocate, on "The Pioneer Circuit Rider.
and the Old-Time Camp Meeting." MR. MAURICE THOMP-
SON, author of "Alice of Old Vincennes" and other popular
books, has arranged to contribute to the series, but his serious ill-
ness is nearly certain to prevent him from contributing. His place
willbe filled by able writers.
Among the articles to be written by Mrs. Earle are the fol-
. lowing: }f.?:.
"MEN'S COSTUME A CENTURY AGO."
"WOMEN'S COSTUME A CENTURY AGO."
"TABLE FURNISHINGS A CENTURY AGO."
"STORY OF AMERICAN DESIGNS ON OLD ENGLISH
. POTTERY." •
"STREET SCENES AND CITY LIFE A CENTURY AGO."
"THE GREAT TEMPERANCE MOVEMENT AND
DRINKING HABITS AT THE DAWN OF THE CEN-
1 TURY."
Mrs. Catherwood's articles will deal mainly witn phases of
home life in the early cities and pioneer homes of the West at the
beginning of the century. The illustrations for these articles have
been obtained from rare sources. MRS. EARLE has supplied
many of them, and sheWays of her pictures:
"They represent many days of hunting and infinite * letter-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
28
MJL9 FRAJfCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE ol The Ban Francisco
<_!L corner of Market and Third etreeta: open
tinttl 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery etrt«t.
corner Clay; open until »:30 p. m.
100 Hares etreet: open until 9:M p.^ ra-
(_ McAllister btreet; open until 9:30 p. m-
CJB Uridn street; open until »:S0 p. m _
__ SHsalon street; open until 10 p. m,
m Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until I p. m.
1« Eleventh street: open until S p. m-
109« Valencia street; open until » p. m.
Northweet comer Twenty-aecond and Ken-
tucky afreets; open until t p. P.
CHIRCH SERVICES.
VNITARIAlTchuTcli <FIrft) EW. corner^ Geary
and Franklin eL-Rev. Bradford Leavltt. min- .
iater- Rev. Dr. Etebblna. minister emeritus. ]
Chu' A. Murdock. superintendent of Sunday-
school: til* Sunday-echool Is at 10 o'clock; the
trorntng eervlce Is at 11 o'clock; Re*. Mr
Leavltt will preach; subject. •'Are Lnltarians
Christian it? tnutic by yuartet choir. All are j
corfli— ly invited. There la no evening gervlce. I
6KCONI) Unitarian Church, ccr. Capp and
Twentieth st.— Rev. E. F. Ulnamore. minister;
morning theme. "Hands or Wings"; aVss
Emma Lunt will sing; evening theme, Abra-
ham Lincoln." The public welcome.
CA_Vy_rr Presbyterian Church, at Toun*
Men's Cnrietian Aesodatton. ccr. Mason ana
Ellis.-Rev John Hetnphill. D.D.. pastor.
Service* at 11 a. m. and 7:13 p. m.; morning
topic "The Signs of the Times": evening
topic "The Worth of a Man." « sermon for
vourut men; Sabbath-school and Mr. John-
ston '• lSible class at 12:30: Christian En-
deavor at C:20 p. m.; Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at 8 o'clock. Young men spe- |
,-iaily Invited. Good niu&lc Strangers cor- j
dially welcomed.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento et.— Rev. R. Mackenzie. D.D..
minister; Rev. Wm. Kirk Guthrie. associate !
n.lmster. Services at 11 a. m. by Mr. Uuthrle;
•ervloes at T:SO p. m. by Mr. Guthrie: Sunday-
BChool. 12:SO noon; Y. P. S. C. E.. 6:15 p. m.:
holy pocirr.ur.lon after morning service; inu-
elcal service by the choir ln evening. Ail are
welcome.
TR.1NITT Church, corner Duch and Oou«h sts.
—Rev. Frederick W. Clampetb D.D.. rector.
Holy communion, Sim. and 11 a. in.: morn-
ing service, 11 o'clock; evening rrayer. 4
o'clock:, Friday eer-vice at 11 a. m. for army
and t— +y; the rector will preach. j
FIRST Congress tlonal Church, corner **oet and j
Mason «t«.— llev. George C. Adama, D.D.. I
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11 '
a. m.. theme, "A Paying Companionship" : at
_M p. m.. theme. "Is Not This the Christ?"
AJ1 _pe corCUliy Invited.
FIRST Church of Christ. Edentlst. Central
block. 223 Butter at., between Kearny 6t. and
Gram ave.— Christian Science Bible leaaon at
U a. ra.; subject. "Soul." Sunday-school for
children a.t the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meetings at E o'clock. Free reading-room;
2C6 Kearny st., room £10. All are welcome.
CHURCH of Jesus ChrlFt of Latter Day Saints.
— Services every Sunday; Sunday-achool. 10
_ m.; preaching, 11 and 7:45 p. m.. ln K. of P.
Hall, S0» Market et. ; subject of evening serv-
ice "IndivlCual Salvation." All welcome. No
collection.
"THE _ord'a foundation !n the holy moun-
_.lns," Pe. E7:l and 11. will be the theme of
discourse, by Rev. W. H. Hlnkley of Boston.
Mass., this morning at 11 o'clock, before the
First Society cf the Church of the New Jeru-
salem, ln the O* Farrell-Btreet Church, between
Webeter and Fillmore. The public are cor-
dially Invited. Take Ellis and O'Farrell or
Fillmore-st, car. ;
FRIENDS* meeting.— Wm. Hobeon and wife of
Eagl&nd, ministers, are visiting Friends on
. this coart: they expect to be at Friends'
meeting, Berkeley, to-day «t 11 a_ m. : at Sat>-
bnth-f>ehoo!. at Sunshine Hall, SIS Harrison j
st.. San Francisco, at 3 o'clock p. m.. and at
eame place at 7:30 p. m. for Goapel service.
Come and bring your friends. Everybody wel-
come. Seats free.
THE First Mental Science Temple will meet ln
Golden Gate Hall. e_ Sutter st.. at 11 a. m.
Mit. Clara Folti will rive a specially Interest-
ing and Inspiring address on the subject,
"What If Mental Science?" Good music will
be provided. The public Invited to be present.
Seats free.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. M&aoh and Ellla
eta.— Mass meeting for men only, this aiter-
noon at Z o'clock. Address on "True Rlchea,"
by the Rfv. Herbert Parrish, rector of the I
Church of the Advent. General Secretary H.
J. McCoy will preside and have charge of the
after meeting. Seats free to air young men.
THE Theosophical Society.— Free public lecture
to-night ln Odd Fellows' building. Seventh
*ri<S Market Fts.: subject. "Reincarnation."
Goldon Chain Oroup at 11 a., m.
MKKTIMJS — Cnlverta I Brotherhood.
VNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society <r.on-po!ltlcal and unpeetarian) — Lodge
No. 7 will hold Its public meeting at Academy
of Sciences Hall. M9 Market St.. to-night. 8
o'clock: subject. "If a Man Die. Shall He Live
Acaln?" Dr. Anderson and Mrs.
Thirds: musical selections; all Invited;
ntatt Sunday, ln Universal Drotherhood Hall.
31" O'Farrell et., symposium of "Hypatla."
Aiimlsrion free. All meetings hereafter ln
F&sie hall
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this even-
ing on "World Building" at Crystal Hall.
Pythian Castle. Jn# Market et.. followed by
magnificent views of a visit to the British
Museum. Free tickets will be distributed
for X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium next
TuefJiay evening. Seats freet N'o collection.
MRS. MAUD LORD PRAKR and Mrs. R. S.
Llllle. Occidental Hall. 305 Larkin: 7:30 p.
m.; ppealdng end tests; Ftrangers and agnos-
tlcs Invited; 10c. Mrs. Drake's last meeting.
A— DR. TUNES' Spiritual Society. 909 Market;
11 fr**: 2-S, 10c; « good mediums; Dr. Norman;
ehort lecture Oriental aeer and healer Custon.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S last circles to-night
end Friday evening. 25c. 124 Rush, off How-
¦ rd. near Sixth; last week; gittings dally.
MME. TOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlgfat. 605 McAllister st.; 10c; cotne. skeptics.
MRS. STOnDARD. convincing testa; circles.
10c; Sun.. Tues.. Thura. ; read, dally. 278 9th.
SIRS. GILLINGHAM. spiritual test meeting, i
10c:.hrlng sealed questions. 305 Larkln. r. 89. !
MRS. EVANS, 120 Sixth, r. 16— Circle to-day. |
t-g p. m., l&c. and ei-ery evening exc. Thurs. I
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's seance to-night at
t o'clock eharp; 10c. Hyde, nr. McAllister. !
MRS. HBERHARDTS te*t meeting to-night;
10c. S50 _d St.. bet. Mission and Valencia.
~T. O. KEEGAN holds pirttual meeting every
eight except Pat.. 10c. 14S Sixth. 2d floor.
EARLE'E seance to-r.Ijtht. 305 Taylor et.
AT Whitney Hall. 1164 O'Farrell rt.: meeting
to-night; Mrs. J. J. Whitney, medium.
MP.S. ELSIEREVNOLDP, materializing eeance
Sunday evening. 3f)3 Taylor 6t. t tOc.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance, 10£4
BcFh rt.. nenr Leavcnworth. SOc.
MEETI.XG NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE LodgTlCo. 3oT'F^*n£~jC~~^~
M. — Ofr.e*rs and members are respect- L_rV
fully rerjueM'"1 to erf-eir.lile a». the tern- Tf if
pie. 12 m.. MONDAY, I>b. 11. thence /\r\
fTry 12:50. errvlces at Alratrar Masonic Hall,
Peralta ft., rear Seventh. West Oakland, for
the purpose of conducting the funeral of our
late brother, JAMES REEIX.
F !^1^L L - MEYER. Sec.
ALTA Loflge No. ros. I, o. O. F.— "p, 1 !";
Me<-t.:r.r MONDAY. Feb. 11. g
;. m. V«it°r of s-i^-o!«l intcrptt.
Visiting brothera mrJ tally Invited. "C***.*^
M. L. GROSSMAN. N. G.
AL~. VOLIGNY. Rec. Sec
FIDELITY Lodce No. 222. I. O. O. .«_Mf»— ~
F.. will ir.I-.iate JIOXDAf, Tcb- O^_S«.
nwry 11. Vl-'.tcrs cordially in- "^HXSfZi*
vlted to attend. >^jP*
WM. E. -.EICHIIART. N. G.
C. B. ZIEGLER. n. 8.
fcr>TICE M. E. n. a. No. 23— Please meet on
SUNDAY. February 10. at 3»A Thirteenth
«.. 9 a. m.. to attrnd the funeral of late
brother, J. D. BUL— (VAN, deceased.
J. n. FLOUD. President
WILLIAM -'Ar.IN. Secretary.
OFFICERS ar.d members Scandinavian Society
-You are hereby notified to attend the fu-
reral of our late member. MARTIN S
MOE. frrrm $46 Pine st.. near Went Oakland
e»*t»on. TO-DAY- (PL'.VDAT) at 2 p. m. By
orfler of CHAS. ARMSTRONG, Pres.
C. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
EWAMI Tcriyananda' at DR. LOGAN'S. 770
Oak rt. TUESDAYS at 8 p. m.— Raja Yora;
THURSnAVH at 2 p. m.~Hhacavad Glta;
and every .morning at 10. mediation.
NOTICE of stockholders' meeting— A special
tnef-tlng of the stockholders of the Honolulu
£orar Company Is called for and will be
held at the office of the company. No. 327
Market st.. Fan Francisco. Cal.. on MON-
DAY. February 18. 1SC1, at 11:30 o'clock a.
m.. for the purpose ef .considering a propo-
rftlon to dlcrolve the corporation and to con-
rider each other business us may come be-
fore the meeting. By order of the President.
E. H. SHELDON.
Betretary Honolulu Bnrar Company.
Dated Pan Frandeco. February 2. 1301.
THE annual raeetlnr ot the ltockholifn of
the Fierra Railway Company of California
will b* heia at the offlce of the company,
number 52« Crocker building. City and County
of Kan Francisco. Btate of California. - on
MONDAY, the Ilth day of February. 1S0L at
the hour of 11 o'clock «. m.. for the purpose
or ejecting directors for the exsulng year and
the trsr.f action cf such ether business as may
coma before said rr.ectir.r.
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Z>ated Jancair 28. 1S0L >
AGENTS WANTED.
THE book ' "War. Life and Tlmei of Queen
Victoria": only official complete book: biggest
end best; prices cut: 70 per cent profit; 1000
<urents wanted; a million copies will be sold
ln 60 days; valuable premiums free with each
book; credit given; freight paid; general
agents wanted on salary; book outfit alone
free: both book and premium outfits prepaid
for 20c; order quick. Address sole authorized
American publishers, Monroe Book Co., Chgo.
O. C. C DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair: will
not Irritate, burn nor poison the moat delicate
skin: personal demonstrations free: a*ent»
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. nsxy.. 42« Ellis.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S Life and Relcn; com-
plete; fully Illustrated; agents save time and
frelebt: send us ten two-cent stamrs for
outfit. The J. De—ing Co., San Francisco. I
AOKNTS — Do you want something mor« profit- |
«ble and easier to sell than books or lnsur- j
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
A'lEXT. large Incoma. as representative of
local manufacturer. Write to box 1616. Call.
SOLICITOR, gentleman; good proposition. 535
Fourth ft
ASrHAI.TIIM ROOKIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. FoUom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT I,AW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, ntty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. SMITH, minlnir and probate law a
specially. Mills bis., r. 3. 4th fir. : tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Ppreckelw bldg.. 927 M«r-
. UA1^L II I: %^__: !
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
fectlon and other?. Arency. 426 Kllis St.. S. P.
HOARDING FOR CHI-DREW.
LADT would like children to board; a nice
tunny flat; plenty good food and kept
clean. 372 Clementina st. i
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board;
pood care. &S7* Vallejo. Golden Gate, Oaklnd.
WAKTED — A baby to board; good home. 91
Pouth Park.
LADT with own home would like 1 or 2 small j
children to howrl: c^M rare? 321S ICth st. •
B_S_KKSS CHAJVCKS.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
eolld and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable .party; duties
will be the keeping of accounts, and assist-
ing generally ln the management of the busi-
ness; one accustomed to horses preferred:
capital required JSOOO to JIC.OCO: full value in
sight; books and business open for Investlga-
tlon. J. 'W. Donnelly & Co.. 632 Market st.
A partnership; profitable business; cash capital !
required J2aC: bal. can be paid from profit*.
Particulars DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market.
$400 — Manufacturing business partner wanted:
Investigate; old-established; good chance for
acceptable party. Donnelly Co.. C32 Market.
JirOO— RESTAURANT: flrst-olass corner and
fine business; no deposit until satisfactory.
ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
PARTNER wanted-A reliable man with en-
ergy and $1000 cash, or part equivalent, can ,
secure one-half Interest In a money-making j
occupation for life ln an established manu- |
facturinir and contracting business: lesrltl- ;
mate and healthful: convincing evidence as
to merit furnished by A_D_N _ CO., 111$ •
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. |
A SMALL hotel. 3 months' free trial tlSOQ
Cigar *tore. excellent 300 '
Restaurants, candy stores, delicatessens, |
branch bakeries, little stores, big stores, all j
prices. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r 1 & 2. \
TO buy or sell cipar stores, bakeries, restau- I
rants, saloons, butcher shopa or business of
any kind see Eureka Real Estate Co.. 28 6th.
J4S0— LAUNDRY route; good horse and wagon. !
McLAl'OHLIN — CO.. 777H Market st. i
1350— PARTNERSHIP; can make J130 a month-
pleasant occupation. Cal. Bus. Assn. 865 Mkt.
GROCERY clearing $100 monthly, or one-half |
Interest to satisfactory party; a snap: sick- j
ness compels Immediate sale; splendid loca- )
tion; aplendld customer route; good horse ¦
and wagon; $205 cash register, $75 scale;
other fixtures to match: low rent; $1500, or
—ill sell at Inventory. KING'S Real Estate.
437 Ninth et., Oakland.
WESTERN NAVIGATION COMPANY—
The opening of the new century seems a pro-
pitious time to Inaugurate a new transporta-
tion company. The traffic business of Cali-
fornia la experiencing an extraordinary im-
petus as an effect cf the good time which la
certainly upon us. j
Captains Wm. T. Forsman and Win. 8. |
Joy. veterans ln their line. have, with a aub- '
etantial backing, organized the Western Navl- ]
ration Company, and on the 24th day of No-
vember. 1900, Incorporated under the lawa of '
Arizona.
The officers of the company are: Wm. T.
Foreman, president: R. M. Spencer, vice presi-
dent; E. C. Weinreich, secretary; Wm. S. '
Joy. treasurer: depository. Bank of D. O. I
Mills; Agent at Phoenix. Arizona. Is Hon. I
Chas. H. Akers, secretary of Arizona- At- I
tornej-a. Checkering & Gregory. ' ;
At the company's office may be seen a list
of references. The capital ptock i« three !
hundred thousand, divided Into «lx thou- I
eand shares of the par value of $30 per |
ehare: the stock la absolutely non-assessable i
and the Individual liability Is limited to the
amount Invested. A Fhare of this stock Is as ;
good as a bond: there is.no freeze-out process. ;
The field of operation Is wide, the manage-
ment Is in the hands of men familiar with
water transportation and the moment for
launching the new enterprise Is auspicious, j
This is a thoroughly practical business enter-
prlM and a gilt-edee Investment. The com- !
pany has the proofs, the absolute proofs, to
show investors the enormous profits of river
Heamboating. and respectfully invites Inspec-
tion. The steamer F. M. Smith will be placed on
the Alvlso route about the loth day of February
Special Inducements to Investors are to be
had at the office of the company, 127 Mont-
gomerv ft., room 1L
PHYSICIANS— Owing to 111 health a reputable
physician must dispose of his practice averag-
ing $1000 a month (office practice); books open
for investigation to any physician who means
business: principals only need answer. Box
1~6. Call office.
WANTED — Cultured man or woman to buy
half« (managing) Interest In promising literary '
rnterprise; work by mail and agents: possi-
bilities good: no loss possible ; references.
V. O. box 2636. San Francisco.
$700— FOR sale, a nice restaurant, with ca&h
receipts cf $12 to »16 dally, besides 8 weekly
and monthly boardors. with 10 furnished
rooms: rent .free for one year. Apply 1224
Point Lobos ave.
FOR sale— Sacrifice; flrst-claps millinery bu?l-
ness: doing flne business; principal street in-
terior town: good reasons for selling. ZOBEL
A BANNER. £71 Market St.. S. F.
CHICKEN ranch for sale— Place to let out-
sklrts of city; fine place for hogs. Address
box 1570, Call office.
MAN and wife with a few hundred dollars can
get a nice business at about half Its value.
Ilox ISO. Call.
BTATE rights: money-making patented In-
stantaneous freezer. S. SWEANY. French
He*nl«al.
| JS.r^O— GOOD business property; steadily rented
I $125 per month. Addrers box 1574. Call clflce.
YOUNG lady would like partner with email
capital; KPod Invest. Box 1313. Call, Oakland.
FOR Snle— Half-interest In patent automobile;
best on record. Rox V,?.Q, Call offlce.
GOOD 16c restaurant, doing $17 business, for
sale cn trial. Uox 1563, Call office.
FOR Bale— Half Interest In valuable commer-
cial patent; purchaser must devote some time-
owner cannot. Box 1310, Call office.
i $1100— BEST creamery, with dairy produce,
candy, etc., hon>e and wagon; dally receipts
over $40: trial given. Ilox 1.-.12, Call.
WILL 6ell very reasonable half or whole flrst-
rtass lunch restaurant: rood location: low
rert: partners disagree. Box 1515. Call.
AN energetic partner with $.WO0 to purchase
one-third intereft In a profitable mercantile
business. Address Confidential, box 1735. Call.
BRANCH bakery, delicacies, candles; good bus-
iness; fine rooms: cheap rent. Box 1114, Call.
AA— $400; GRAND opportunity for lady or gent;
lncatton perfect: cigars, periodlcala, notiona.
Waiting-room. "3d nve. station. E. Oakland.
FOR sale — A half Interest ln an established
paying drayage business. For full particu-
lars address Box l."M, Call office.
TOBACCO and clear store, with living rooms-
established; price $400. Box 1SO0. Call offlce.
OTTTSIDE route on thia paper for aaU. Apply
Call Bualnesa Offlce. {
FOR SALE-Bulldlngx and lease, 348 McAlHs-
ter st.; flrst-class location for wagon ahop:
now used for carriage and wagon repair
shop. Inquire 346 McAllister Bt.
PROF. JOHN TILTON-Rheumatlsm, sprains
and bruises cured; 1« years experience. Par-
rott bldg.. 4th fir., rn— . 473-476; 10-12 m . 1-S p.
FOR sale che«i>— A complete patent briclc
plant. Address Rldenhour Brick Co.. Hilton.
Bcnoma County. Cal.
FOR eale— Well Improved vegetable , garden
with rtock and all' farming implement* on
easy terms; Addreaa box 1760, Call offlce. :
BUSINESS Cn ASCES — CONTINUED.
GOOD paying, old-eetabllshed lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
tHO-CANDY store; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. 309. 12 m. to I p. m.. and S to 6:80.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; referencea
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Insida route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlce.
A BRANCH offlce for' Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has '.been established at 1096
Valencia at.
CLABSIFED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 nilmore.
LODGlXG-nOI'SES FOR SALE.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have larg-
est list of lodging-houses and hotels; can suit
all buyers; title given with each house sold;
money loaned buyer*; no fake prices; before
buying call and be convinced. ¦
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. 917 Market «t.; tel. Mint 1911.
FOR SALE— LODGINO-HOUSES
From 3 to 250 Rooms
Prices from $50 to $20.000
Payments to suit. Give me a call
Money to loan at lowest rate
Call, I can suit you
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rooms 1 and 2.
near Call bldg. tPl. Black 1S03. Money to loan.
87 rooms; rent U"5; Income $380 12000
27 rooms; light, eunny; money makers 1000
17 roorriH; rent 560; clears $5>5 month 600
a rooms: central; paying house 350
SPECIAL BARGAIN&
20 rooms; rent J55; part cash JfKO
CC rooms; rent $41; pee It 805
86 rooms; rent $10; part cash 3600
67 rooms; corner; rent Jir.O.. 3000
WINSTON & WOLF. 1CI6 Market st.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent Jl'.O J30M
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra.. 9cO
10 room*, J4D0; 10 rooms, ouick S50
Or3nd bargain: 14 rooms; steady roomers;
clears Jf5 over all expenses; flne furniture;
fine carpets. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market.
5400— LODGING house; 16 rooms; full of perma-
nent roomers; barsrain on account of other
business. McLATTGHLIN & CO.. 77'H Market.
$400— LODGING house; 16 rooms; full of perma-
nent roornern; bargain on account of other
business. MrLAUGHLIN A CO.. 77714 Market.
NOTICE— Will build an apartment of 20 or 35
rooms cn the west side of Hyde st., near Sut-
trr. If desirable tenant can be secured; nearly
atl of the rooms will have a westerly or south-
erly exposure, which will make them all
tunny rooms. For particulars apply to R. A.
VANCE. 226 North Wizard st.
A— 38 MCALLISTER st. ; fine bay-window
house; the best neighborhood ln the city;
finely furnished: handsome chiffonier, brass
and oak beds: clears 130 over rent: $250 cash;
J150 on mortgage; no agents; see to-day.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
we have them ln nny part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. CS
Sixth at.
$12.000^-A RARE opportunity to purchase com-
pletely furnished one of the finest family
hotels ln the city; chance to clear $500 per
monUl: owner going East. Call after Mon-
day at 207 Sansome st.. rooms 1 and 2.
BUYING and selling lcdging-housea. business
places a specialty; hcurs 2 to 4. HATNES,
11 City Hall square.
LODOINfJ HOUSE for sale; nice house: ten
sunny rooms; good location. Call 126 Tenth
at., second floor.
TO buy or self business chances or lodging-
houses pee ANDREW PRICE. 30 Kearny gt.
$$00— IS ROOMS; rood furniture; rent $44: pays
well: always full; going away. Box ITS?. Call.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
t'nlted States or Canada one year for $1.
po*tn*re paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
OAKLAND. Koresters' Hall. Clay and Thir-
teenth sts.. Mrs. Tobias: speaking, test*; 2:30,
free; 7:30, 10c. Residence. 916 Seventh st.
MRS. LESTER— Readings. W>c: circle every eve
ex. Sat.. 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
EARLE, 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance. bus.medlum.Ilfe
reader, medical clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
MRS. GILLINGHAM— Hours. 9 to 4; meetings
Tues., Thur.. Sun.; devel. Frl. eve. 305 Larkln.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer:
readlnirs dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112% Oak St.. trance medium:
readlnirs $1: hours 1-5 p. m. : tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Mever: nlttlrt— « n^llv; tests to nil fo-nlcht:10o.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
IPMAR THE OYPSY.
IRMAR. the Egyptian Oyp"\ draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand ln hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess Is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight Into the future. If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled In lif*. consult IRMAR. for she is a proph-
etess of worM-wlde fame and her name hat be-
come a proverb ln thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.. Sun-
days by appointment only, at her offlre; 1148
Market St.. opp. Sixth. By mail three ques-
tions answered. {I. Full life reading, $5.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL,
215 KEARNY ST.. ROOMS 8-10.
Late of Los Angeles.
MRS. DUVAL Is a natural born clairvoyant
and business medium. She tells your past.
present and future life. If there aro obstacles
In the path of your life Fhe can tell you how
to avoid and overcome them.
She Gives Accurate Tips nn the Races.
MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully In
Los Anpreles for the past nine years for all the
principal business people, as well* as those In
the highest society, and still has patrons there,
to whom she will continue to give her valuable
advice. Mining a specialty.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOXTS
Clairvoyant and business medium, 17 Third st.,
next Examiner building. She reads your life
correctly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays event* to occur !i> the future. If you are
In trouble, 'discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled In life, or have domestic, love or buslne&s
troubles, consult this great medium and you
will be told how to overcome, them. Valuable
advice In all affairs of life; 25c up; perfect sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmlxt; she
will reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
vice can be relied upon In all business afTatr*.
pales of property, oil. mines and lawsuits: do
you want a better position? Call and learn now
to get It. MRS.E.SANDERS.1104 Market, r. 23.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket tt., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 2C; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
• reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease, with life reading; ladles 50c,'
gents ft: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 CO. 128 Turk!
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1118 Market, op.
6th. private rendlngs daily. 10 a. m. to & p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best Clairvoyant, card reader,
free tests *5c up. 472 Ste\enpon »t.. cor. Sixth.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; pnst.
present, future; 23c. 143 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME.. 5CHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader-
sittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie St.. bet. Rth Jfe fith.
MRS. VALEEN. palmist, clairvoyant, card
read»r-ar.d. magnetic healer. .215 I^eavenworth.
MRS. Melvill, weii-kncwn clairvoyant, water
render. 11. 6th:Germaa »poken;tel. Howard 1S46.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune
toller, has removed to 222 Eddy st.
MME. AUGUBT. clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M DUVAL. clulrvoyant. business me-
dlum; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny." r. 8-10.
MME. ZEREDA. the tcypsy. Is the Kreat palm-
1ft and card reader: TSc. 7 Seventh et.
MME. 6YB1LLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band'R picture 25c; ladle*. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: ?S" iin. K ~otirth ft.
CAnPET DEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-Reat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama Ft.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c,
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jesale 944.
3. K. MITCHELL. Carpet-BeatlnK and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth at. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatln* Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHinOPODISTS. i
,-, nrir ¦ ,. .-.¦j.wumnrvmnfj-jwvwwu-Jvmnni-.ii.iLn '
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll- i
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter. |
COLLECTION OFFICES. ' i
GKORGB W. KELLY'S Agrency — No charge, un-
less eu«cessfuL Room 310, S27 Market at.
MODERN cottage; all conveniences; 6 large
rooms; 4 nice attic rooms: reasonable; ref-
erencea. 2931 Pierce st. ¦
FOR sale or to let— A nice cottage; 1S14 Ba-
' leer at. Inquire at 911 Sutter Bt.
$6— HOUSE of 4 rooms; nice location: near S3d:
Mission cars; water free. Apply 64 Silver st.
9 TEHAMA, near First— Cottage 6 rooms,- yard,
etc.; very central; rent low. ¦ _¦
(25— FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms and bath:
nice garden. 728 Shotwell. bet. 21st and 22.1.
COTTAGES WANTED.
A 4-ROOM coTtageTgasTbath and stable: state
rent. Box 150fi. Call. _____»
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO" ID En'tXl CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have, your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; rold crowns,
J3 60 up; plates, extractions free. |4 60 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on ill
plates, crowns and brldRework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 60c; plates,
IS. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago l-ent.-.l Parlors. 24 Blxth at.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filling*; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years*
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
Dlt. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at.
DH. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Bleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; tteth
from $8 per set; extracting. tOc; ga» given.
TIIK New York Dentists havo moved to 969
Mission st., cor. Plxth. Consult us gn crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work nollclted;
positive piinlesa extraction, EOc.
PARIS I>ental Parlor. Z33 Kearny. cor. Bu»b—
Full set of teeth. t4: crowns. $3: tilling.*, 23a.
DR. H. O. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Kx-
amtner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
daya. 1W1 Market et., corner Slxtlu
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOUNTt. ]S41 Polk Ft. _______
EDDCATIONAl.
ATTTES r ~5uinn^~anTel^72^
and evening; $)j per month; $50 life scholar-
Elilp guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; posl-
tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1238 Market Bt: individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches:
civil service coaching; tuition to- month.
ALIj students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123S Market Et.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. ?50: catalogue.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st_,
S. F.— Uookkeepinir. shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: new SO-pase catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for' the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Ptsnford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all ItB craduntps. 303 Larkln Bt.
A SPECIALTY— Perfectlr.tr beRinners: business
college prnduates; bookkeeplns-flirures: short
time. TARR. oxp. acct.. 220 Parrott bids.
MININO school of H. Hlrschintr, 334 Kearny st..
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry Hxlva-
tlon. mineralogy, reology. coal oil formation.
ENOINEKRING. civil, elec, minlntf.mech., sur-
vey. a«say, cyanM". arch.: day. eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN DKR NA1LLF.N FCHOOL. 933 Market.
SUPERIOR vlalln. zith»r. guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons, 60c. \V. P. CHAMBERS. 214
Taylor st. . ./
PIANO teacher: competent and experienced;
terms reasonable. 419 Vnn Ness ave.
ELOCUTION, physical training, voice culture
for apeech. Calhoun'h School. 623 Putter st.
MANDOLIN, violin, gultnr players, club prae-
tlc*. Merkl. reliable fpsrher. 10^8 Mission rt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrlt'.nic.
eto. ; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1021 Minion, nr. fith.
1 LLUPTRATION— I'ARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nlcht <*ln««. 421 Pne st. ¦
| ESIPLOYJIBXT OKP*1CES.~
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Erap. Office: best
help furn.; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Rush 376..
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co. ; est.
]f70; practical recommend; try them: removed
to 419 Dqvlaadero: tel. Fell 13<. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waitera nnd house servants. GEO.
AOKI fc CO.. 421 Post «.: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment offlce;
begt help. Ei6 O - Farrell !=t.; tel. Hyde 211)1.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; nil kinds help. 31K Ptockton: Main r,ns.
ARC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan- j
ewe help fur. 544 California: phone James 2001. |
ORPIIKUM Employment Of flee— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. pr.guttcr;t6l. HIack 3072.
CHINESE and Jap'anere Employment Office —
Best help. iiii6 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 42i).
KM: IM<O V M K \ T W A XT^17—KE.11 A I. K.
STRONG,' good, willing woman: a great houso
cleaner and can do most any kind of work;
pood references; wages $1 per day and car-
fare: good washer cf flannels. Address „
Fifth rt.. room 4. upntalrs.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class work
v.111 go out by the da-: tailor-made suits a
_»Tccla2ty : _1532 Polk ft.
WANTED— By a youn? woman, a position to
keep house for a roupie or to flo second work '
ln rity or Oakland. Call or address MISS C
~27',4 Clementina at., t.et. Eighth and Ninth! !
WANTED— Dressmaking ln fnmllles. $1 R0~p7r
any. good quick worker. 23C3 Mission at.,
rear.
LAUNDRESS, first-class, wlr-hes situation: has
nest rrfeix-nceR; city or country. 6C6 Willow
avenue.
WANTED— Situation ns nurse for Invalid: am
also a competent seamstress; willing to leave
city. A. tt. M.. 12SD O'Farrell St.. Y. W.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants a situation; good
refprrnprs. 10H larkln e>t.
GIRL winhe* work In a Catholic family. Ad-
'lress box 1527. Call office.
A GOOD cook wishes a place on ranch or In
American Tamily; wages $25. Address 2o0l
Rryapt st.
A YOUNG woman wants washing, ironing or
riouFcclennlng by day. Box i:»32. Call office.
A WOMAN wonts work by the (lay to wash
nnd clean. ?S5 Twenty-ninth Ft.
YOUNG- lady wishes position as stenographer;
references. Rox 1541. Call offlcf.
WOMAN would like to dn work by the day
or for I or 4 hours. 146 Eleventh st.. room 10.
A WOMAN wi.'hes to nssiMt In kitchen and
Hsht housework for a family of adults. Call
at 10 Turk st.
PROTESTANT K«rl wants a place to do gen-
eral housework or recond work: wages J20;
please call Monday. 953 Howard Bt.; no
I>o?ta!8.
DRESSMAKER with the best of references;
enRBRcmpnts ty day; tailor dresses specialty.
10 Metnalt placp. near Mnson St., off Geary.
RELIABLE young woman desires position as
housekeeper; no wash, best city referencea:
wanea reasonable. Inquire two days at the
Terrace, 730 Folsom St., between Third and
Fourth, room 27. •
YOUNG widow would like tQ take charge of
roointnK-liouse; no objection to north. MRS.
T. ' W.. , box U63. Cail office.
A GERMAN lady wishes a position to do
washing or houseworklng. 27S Natoma st.
BOOKKEEPER, stenographer of reputation;
credentials furnished from Eastern commer-
cial houses, bank and Insurance officials. Box
1567, Call office.
COMPETENT, reflnod lady wishes position aa
working housekeeper for gentleman; refer-
ences If required. Call S22 Dolores St., all day
Sunday. •
TWO Danish girls wish situations to do cook-
Ing and housework In American family; If
. possible would like to work together; city.
Call before 3 o'clock. 810 Mission st.
AN . experienced dressmaker In ladles* - an.l
children's clothes, also ladles' evening dresses,
•will accept engagements In families at $1 23
per day; references. 1213 Webfiter. near Ellla.
YOUN«! woman with experience In large cor-
poration desires position aa clerk. Address
box 1513. Call office. ,
COOKING/ to 'do ' by young American woman
for 10 ot U men,- In country: will ro to An-
eona or Oregon, or In the mountains; wages
K5 to f35. Box 1766. Call office. > ¦•
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Maf-
, ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 £.0 nlcht, $1 60 to {6
1 week: convenient'; and "respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from • ferry. :
..:¦-..-
EMPLOYMENT WANTE_~-FE3IAIiE.'
YOUNG woman wishes to do housework ln
KOod family. Apply 1263 Broadway, nr. Hyde.
A RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day.
nursing . or housekeeping. 1662A Mission at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S*6
Valencia it. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore at.
EMFl7dVM_tNT- WASTED— MALE.
WANTED— Position by experienced (male)
stenographer and typewriter. Address box
1520. Call offlce. ¦ ¦¦ . " '
YOUNG man wishes position In a furniture
i.ouse as drummer or clerk; speaks German
:jid Spanish; ten yearn' experience; good ref-
erences. Box 1321, ('all offlce. v'.v:
PRACTICAL railroader desires management;
steam or electric; 20 years' experience. Ad-
drega box 1523. Call otttce. ' -
GOOD all-around house painter, paperer, tlnte .
etc., wants steady work; country preferred; &
years' ln one ahop. Box H07. Call offlce.
RELIABLE elderly man wants some more of-
fices to clean or other kind of janitor work.
L. Cm 6% Virginia place (rear).
GENTLEMAN with large experience South
American markets, also Havana and Mexico,
knowing English. Spanish, French. Italian
and Portuguese lanKuases. in open for a poai-
tlon. Address P. O. box 22_. city.
A STEADY sober married German wishes posi-
tion of any kind; handy with tools; a good
farmer; could take care of private place or
ranch; reference. Box 152fi, Call office.
GOOD all-around carpenter wishes position In
country. Box 1S09, Call office.
A OKXTLKMAN conversant with English,
French and Spanish seeUs poaltlon of trust;
thoroughly understands commission business:
could establish nn agency or manage vine-
ynrJ or ranch; the highest city references.
Box 1541. Call office.
TENOR soloist and choirmaster wants posi-
tion In church. Box 1553. *. .Call; offlce.
AN Al retail dry goods man Is open for en-
iraKement as manager or he-id of department.
AtldresH box 1549. Call office.
MAN and wife to take charge of ro.iming-
house or any similar employment Address
box 172!). Call office. *
CANDY-MAKER wants position. Box 1jo2.
Call offlce.
AMERICAN, up to date pipefitter, engineer,
locksmith and electric bell man. would like
a place, city or outside. Address box 156_
Call office^
GARDENER situation wanted by a practical
man. Pox 1560. Call office. .
FOREMAN— Eastern man wishes position on
• ranch or take care of small place; wife will
do cookln*; no children: California experience
and references. Address box 1564, Call offlce.
MAN: caretaker: single: reliable; handy with
tools: used to horses, stock, garden, etc. Box
20S6, Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG married man wants work of any kind:
wholesale house or factory preferred; best of
references. Box 1621. Call offlce.
COMPETENT middle-aiced man wishes situa-
tion to care for horses: good driver; good
gardener; handy with tools. Box 1507. Call.
A SORKR, steady, middle-aged man wants a
situation as diFhwaaher or kitchen hand ln
small hotel, boarding house or restaurant.
Addres3 Bex 1791. Call office.
A YOUNG man of 24 wants work at anything;
would like to drive a delivery watron: can
furnish pood security. J. M.. 13ftB Church st.
BOBKR yountr man wishes position as driver:
can drive 2 of 4-horse team; experienced
driver. Address R. box 17S3. Call office.
STEADY, eober young man wants situation; 4
years' experience at printing: would like to
learn electrical manufacturing. Box 1302. Call.
A WILLING young man of good habits from
the country would like to get some work to
do. Address FRANK JONES, 737 Howard «t.,
Snn Francisco Ilouf". room 20.
A SOBER, reliable, married man desires a po-
pltion of any kind: Is handy with tools and
a good engineer: good references. Address
box 1604. Call efflce.
EXPERIENCED farmer and dairyman desires
position as foreman; good references. V, W..
box 64. Benlcla.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrirtlons has been established at 100«
Valencia tt.
KXCHA.MGE.
|30c-fl_RANCH. 200 acres, in the redwoods, on
main road, west of Ukiah; SO acres cleared;
email house and barn: orchard; tine place for
report: hunting and fishing: 150 acres valuable
redwood and oak timber: to exchange on city,
Oakland or Alameda property. Address R.,
box 114, Call office.
$5000— HANDSOME t-«tory, modern, 7 rooms
and bath, lot B0xl?5. with furniture, near uni-
versity, to exchange for farm. Addreas R.,
box 114, Call office.
WANTED— Grocery «tore in exchange for lot.
Box 1 f.22. Call offlce.
PKATHRH PILLOWS. j
HOTELS nnd private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 144 Stevenson it.
FLATS TO __T.
TO LET — New flats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.: 5 and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvement*
Apply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister at. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery et.
Jll — I ROOMS and bath bay-window flat: all
carpetPil; ranee; hot and cold water; yard.
23 Holly St.. W) feet from Mission cars, off
Thirty-third st.; no children.
A— $22: SUNNY Cat, 8 rooms and bath and wash
room. 1650 Hayes st., near Panhandle.
IF vou want to move pet printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN i- IIOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LARGE flat reasonable. Apply SLM'~ Jessie St.,
off Ninth.
LKAVKNWORTH. 1".1D%— Flat of 4 rooms; gas
and bath; rent $13: runny side. -
LOWKH flat of -3 rooms. _38 Bush; free water;
rent |11.
MCALLISTER, 1215, between Fillmore and
ITpper flat. 6 room? nn<l bath: $23.
TWO unfurnished flats, tf Martha place, off
Geary, between Mason and Taylor.
UPPKR flat. 4 rooms and bath; stationary
wash tray>>: separato yard. etc. 1416 Ninth
*pt.. near Taylor ave., Alnmoda.
UPPER flat of 4 larce rooms and yard. 11 Eliza-
beth st-., near Guerrero, bet. 23d and 24th.
3. 4 ROOM flats, with larite yord: stablea. 2
Hayward St.. off Harrison, near Eighth.
FLATS TO l.ET— ti'»TU^II««II_TV
NICELY furnished flat 4 rooms and bath. 1330A
Washington ft. ; references.
UPPER sunny flat, five rooms and bath; rent
$35. 2219 Dovlsndpro ft., corner Washington.
FUHXITURK FOR SALE: ,
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4ft 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
ONE oak beiiroom set. almost new. Inquire
1021 Valenrla ft., rooms t< and 7.
FOTt sale— Furniture of 7-room house. 132
Turk st. -
FURNITURE WANTED?^
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc see W. E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Ued S353.
Auctioneer — L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk t>94;
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot ca^h.
CHAS. LKVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market *t. : tel. .lessle 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission s>t.. pays htghevt
price for seoond-h.ind furniture: t»l. Red 13S4.
lib. LJ* WA.VI Kll— -»•_>! A |,K. „"
AT C. It. HANSEN & CO.'S Phone GranTlSJ
....WANTKD TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
Three waitresses, for tlrst-clasB hotel, coun-
try, to go to-night, fare advanced, $20.
Waitress for rlrst-claaa country hotel, fare
advanced. $25. Apply between 12 and 1
o'clock 'to-day. C. R; HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. •
PRACTICAL Millinery School: ¦ established 1"
yra.; trade taught: class now forming; terms
easy; referencea given. 1107 Van Neas ave.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework I7tfi
Sutter Et. •¦».-»,¦¦ , " <1>0
GIRL to assist with lluht housework and cook
ing; small family. IS Devisadero st.
A NEAT girl for light housework: sleeD nf
home.. 342 Clementina st. ¦¦ : .,;.- :, : • " "
WANTED— Lady to mall or superintend dlsti<~
button circulars each town of ir s • eood
pay; permanent employment. Addrers with
stamp, Mrs. M. Summers, Notre Dame. Ind
GIRL- wanted- for coat maker's finisher. 232
Montgomery ave. "
GIRL for general housework; 2 In family ref-
ercr.ee; $10; Tuesday morning, jj 1U0 Filbert M.
GIRL for general housework; $20: references"
¦ call Sunday forenoon. .722 Brodcrick at. - ¦ • "••
PAPER box factory: experienced if iris wanted
> Western Paper Box Co., 30 Fremont st.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Refined, well woman, willing to
learn and assume responsibilities. Box 1348.
Call offlce. - - '
LADY solicitors, $1 a day and com.; good sell-
er; Monday. 9C5 Market it., room 7. .'¦-..-¦ '.
WANTED — A flrst-clasa waitress and chamber-
mald. 850 Van Ness ave. •
A LADY of Indomitable energy, poasesaed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
W WTED — Experienced suit and cloak sales-
lady. Address box 1538. Call offlce.
GERMAN or Swedish girl. gen. housework. 3 ln
fam., $20; 2 to 5 p. m. Bun.. Mon. 1015 Shotwell.
A GOOD smart girl to work in a shooting gal-
. lery: good wages. Call at 420 Dupont st.
GIRL for general housework. 2C51 Howard
street. -- ¦ ¦ '
NOON waitress: call early Monday morning.
511-513 Brannan st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid whllo
learning. 541 Market Bt.
FINISHERS on coats and pants and operator
on pants. 541 Market st.
YOUNG girl; mind 2 children and assist in
light housework. Call, before 12 at Z22 2Uh.
GIRL for general housework: ernall family:
wages $20. 1127 Guerrero, bet. 23d and 24th.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. 2
Srphle terrace, off Plne^ __________
60 EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk
waists. S. F. MFG. CO., 403A Turk at.
GIRL wanted for general housework: reference.
Call forenoon. 1039.KHl9_rL^__rne^ough___
YOUNG~lady for partner, to learn rings, tra-
peze; weight 85 to 125. Box 1517. Call office.
OPERATORS on electric power "^"J?™*-
chlnes on shirts and overalls at GREEN E-
BAUM, WEIL A MICHAEL'S, 531 Mission.
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators on
Bhlrta. liRENNER-ULMAX CO.. 13 Battery.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market Bt., room 35. ;
WANTED— A wet nurse: must be a strong.
healthy woman. Box 1795. Call office.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lKw
Valencia st. *
HELP WAXT1D JIALE^-
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S~
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY -.
Navigator, steam launch $45 and found
Young man drive delivery wagon, clty....»*»
Mun and wife, man as butler, wife to cook. $40
Choreman, Marln County, $25. eee bosi here
2 farm hands $2» and $30
2 orchard prunera; grafter for vineyard;
woodchoppers, tie. poet and picket makers.
Cook, plain hotel J*0
Baker, mining camp..... *•»
Waiter, small country restaurant »2j
3 cooks, different plac-s J30 to J_
MURRAY & READY. 634-63 S Clay at.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country hoi*l. $45 to $50: cake baker,
country. JCO; hotel baker and pastry cook.
160; porter, country hotel, J20; polisher, hotel
laundry. W0; starch Ironer. hotel laundry. $35.
3 farmers, same ranch, $20; blacksmith,
country. $2 10 a day: vegetable gardener, $30;
butter maker and milker, $35; German couple
as butler and cook, private family. HO. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary tt.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom liS3. I. LESS. Secretary.
FIRST-CLASS cnatmaker for the country; meet
employer to-day (Sunday) at 11 o'clock a. ra.
at' J. BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery-
WANTED — Competent stationer's clerk; appli-
cant must state experience and ualaxy ex-
.p«-cted. Box 15*3. Call offlce.
SALESMEN to sell Imported and domestic
liquors: principally flne Kentucky whiskies
ar.d blends, case and barr-M goods to jobbers
and salcon trade; good chance to the right
man; salary or commission. R. S. STRADER
ft SON. O and. 71 E. Water «t.. Lexing-
ton, Ky.
. EARN better salary and position; study elec-
i trloitv, mechanical engineering and drawing
home by correspondence; T. A. Edison in-
dorsee institute; book "Can I Become an Elec-
trical Engineer?" free. Electrical Eng. In-
stitute, New York.
WANTED— By established house, »chero e or
specialty men to sell attractive and >alab!«
line: liberal and unique Inducements to the
trade; hustlers and high-priced men Investi-
gate, o. R. COOK. II W. Atwater at.. De-
troit, Mich.,
i GOVERNMENT positions; thousands of ap-
pointments made from civil service exarolna-
! tions be held everywhere March and April;
catalogue free. Columbian Correspondence
| College, Washington. D. C.
EXPERIENCED Al city solicitor for ladles'
wear; must be acquainted with the trade; ref-
erence required; no others need apply. Box
147. Call office.
WANTED — Young man of good addreas; must
! bf familiar with office work: one with expe-
1 rlence in printing and manufacturing station-
ery business preferred; good references re-
quired. Address box 1545. Call offlce.
WANTED-- Bright, smart boya. good writer*,
for copying, writing and figures; wagsa St
per day. Address W. W. M.. box 1543, Call.
6 MALE copyists wanted to work on muster-
out rolls. Apply to SERGT. GORHAM.
Company M. Thirty-seventh Infantry, at Pre-
sidio, between 10:30 and 11:30 to-day.
TAIIX)RS— I_dlef>' tailor wanted for country:
must be flrst-class and rapid. Apply at
STEIN, SIMON A CO., Market and Second.
WANTED— 2 flrst-class shoe salesmen. Apply
Beehive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st.
ADVERTISING solicitor: 60 per cent to right
man. COOK. 116 Stockton et.
BRIGHT young man to keep books and make
himself useful. Address, stating wages ex-
pected, box 1562. Call offlce.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man to Join me ln
small restaurant: $30 month: must have some
cash; no experience required. Apply 496 4th.
A BOY wanted In bookblndery: please call Mon-
day morning. 410 Sansome at.
THOROUGH accountant, rapid and correct
calculator; state age, experience and aalary.
Box 1569. Call office.
WANTED— Solicitor and salesman In generai
merchandise store: must have experience.
Address T. X.. box 20S7. Call offlce. Oakland.
MAN to open oysters and clean up. 330
Fourth Ft.
UNDERPRESSERS on coats and vests. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market at.
FIRST-CLAPS barber shop down town; good
trado; sacrifice. P. STOLTZ. 636 Market *t.
15c BARBER SHOP, running 2 chairs steady;
rooms ln rear: can be bought for flM.
STOLTZ. 636 Market at.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the barber trade ln two months, saving two
years: mailed free: we have no Sc shop In
connection with our college. Moler's Barber
Collepe. fi3o Clay at.
PERSON to travel for old established
house; no canvassing required; salary $781
& expenses; Inclose self-addressed stamped
envelope. Manager. 385 Caxton Mdg.. Chicago.
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists and elec-
trlcians— New 40-pase pamphlet of questions
nsked by examining board of engineers- free
a. A. ZELLKR. publisher. St. Louis. Mo.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, etc.; free
scholarship In engineering awarded to few
well recommended applicants. American
School of Correspondence. Boston. Mass. . .
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable enertyand push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Man to do porter work ln ealoon.
200 Clay Ft.
GKT your shoes half-soled while walt'np: 25c
to 50a 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and" M sta.
WANTED— Graduate, optician: Al refrartlon-
ist: tlaO per month. Ilox 130S. Call office.
--CHAIR j>hon for sale cbcaiT; doing cood busl-
ness. Inqulro 334 Sixth st.
MEN to lenrn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. K. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, al.Ie-lKxlle.l, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and »; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 5 feet
1 Inch In height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis
at.. San Francisco. Cal."- ¦ •
3 ACTIVE men for • local -position (several
weeks); salary *3 per day. - W M. J. LHL.
manairer. 723 Chestnut st... Philadelphia.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. lie and
20c. .Boston House. *M Ho— ard st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Ho"—* proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third *t.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2per week.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to riirht party. Call between 3 and
9 a. m. at 3C2 Po? t st.
ALL size* men's ohoe?, slightlv damagM. halt
price. o«2 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS- J. H. Sh-nard «r Ox;' old reliable
• firm. $06 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st*. near Mar-
ket: 7C0 rooms, 25c night: ¦ reading-rooms; free
• 'bua and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES A>*1> WAGO>'S.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
earta. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
J27 Sixth at.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LARGE dray and driving horses. Just from
country: well matched and vnunsr. Apply at
1S23 Howard at.. PEN.V STABLE3.
GENTLE young horse. S years old. flne cart
nnd harness for sale at 1303 Church St.. near
Twenty-seventh.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d aesalon June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. P«iip«ist — fe, 510 Oolden Oate are.
THREE fast road hordes; also some cichI
business horses at 721 Howard st.
$50— TOP buiHfy. piano box: nearly new; bar-
gain. «32 Market St.. room «.
FOR sale cheap— Nearly new Ilsat buggy and
No. 1 harness. Apply 540A Grove st.
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons.
cs rts. fr>u flrsrlp!*. niii*i"^y s, nors**s. 11 4n I^oIsotti.
AN A No. 1 express wason. elngie. also light
camping wserrn. for ¦«!• rhenn. .TO Mission.
' '. HOl'SBK TO 1.KT.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1922. near Lairuna— El sht rooms.
bath, laundry: marine view; rent $43.
8 ROOMS and bath, basement and yard. 2_i
Mission st., near Nineteenth.
HOUSES TO LET FCH.MSHED.
FOR rent at 170— To responsible party, «!•.
gantly furnished modern house: 10 rooms: H.1*
Jackscn st. Apply to CHAS. C. CEMIS. izi
Montgomery at.. Real Eatate Agent.
MODERN newly furnished sunny house, 3 to
6 rooms: phone, ptano; must be Been to b<»
appreciated; terms reasonable to right party;
adults only. 3330 2nd St.. near Mission.
SUNNY, clean, newly furnished home, jm
; month: 10 minutes from Chronicle, WILLH.1I
, P.l'TTERFIFLD. Phelan building, room 42.
CALIFORNIA. 1711. near Van Ness-lO-roora
house, furnished. Call bet. 1 and 2 p. m.
ELEGANT sunny furnished f!*t for rent or fur-
nlture for sale cheap. 430 Eddy at.
HANDSOMELY furnished housa of I rusny
rooms. 47 Plrrce at.
IIOUSC CLK.1M5C
JAPANESE Honde Cleaning Co.. estab. i»««
r»rnnv»d tr» 4'* T>*r1>«idern •? «.i Fell* im *
J VV'ALIP^^U^NITVR^
INVALID furniture and appliances- Mlecrrer**
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Poat at.
LOST AXD FOXTXTf.
WOULD the pemon who took overcoat Satur-
day night from Mechanics' Institute return
papers and receipt book? No questions asked
and reward given.
LOST— Feb. 7 at ferry or mole, one lady's gold
watch without ring, four diamonds. Finder
notify E. H. FOSTER, Dlxon. Ca!.. and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Pocket memorandum book; left in tel-
ephone office, ferry depot. Saturday noon.
Please return to C. L. GODDARD. 4C8 Sutter
St., room 8. for reward.
{5 REWARD for telescope valise marked W.
B. B. and contents, taken from Castro-«t.
car; no questions asked. 641 Castro at.
LOST— Horseshoe watch chain fob on Twenty-
second st. Return to drug store. Twenty-
second and Guerrero ats.
LOST— Gold watch: Inscription, from mother ta
Mamie. Chrtatmaa. US3; reward $13, 2703 20th.
LOST— Silver purse and chatelaine pin; Initials
M. J. L.; reward. 1317A Flllrnor# et.
LOST— Blue enameled gold watch, between Ho-
tel Colonial and Ellis and Hyd- sts.: liberal
reward. D. SAMUELS Lace House Co.
LOST— A small closed gold watch and brooch.
Return to Y. M. C. A. offlce. Mason and
Ellis sts.; reward.
LOST — Sunday eventrc small green alligator
vkln hand satchel; leather cut on top. Return
to HUGH ROSS, 817 Battery at.; liberal re-
ward.
LOST— A pass-book with tha Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society cf Pan Francisco In tha
name of JOHN F. JACKSON or SU3IE I.
JACKSON. No. 213-444. Finder will plean
return to bank.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 2;« O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stcnea
bought. J. R JENKEL. 817 Market at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements ant
subscriptions has been established at iSii
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pare*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y*ar.
JIATTnESSES A>I> PILLOWS.
MATTRESSE^S AND PILLOWS, tel. South 732.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed: flne up-
holster*: expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. Sl« and "20 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists: 32 years' practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at offlce; patients treated ran return sam*
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT: a aure cure; (lves Instant relief: harm-
less; any one can use it: stamp for clrcul— r.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-kno— n expert on
disease* of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to gtv« Instant
relief for any ailment: safe and rellabla; 13
years In Q. C. Hospital. London; practiced la
P. F. s!nce 1S84; maternity home; fe» low.
1W7H Market atreet. near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Market.
opp. 6th: world-renowned • ladles' specialist:
safe, reliable: practiced In'San Francisco for
1 years: treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultailon
free. After all others fail call on htm.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market at., cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician: 25 years'
fuccessful practice: po«ltl v <? cure guaranteed:
when, others fail consult free^
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: IS yrs.*
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
offlce: any ailment: home for patients: con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and I— rkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, in33 Market— Ladles* ape-
ctallst; safe and suri» cure. $3: best care;
low fe»n; when all others fall consult fre«.
MIXES A.\D SII.^IJfG.
COPPER AND COAL.
COPPER AND COAL.
COPPER AND COAL. ¦
MONTEZUMA MININC COMP ANT. *2
MONTEZVMA M IV ING COMPANY.
MONTEZt'MA MINING COMPANY.
The holders of share*. In the MontejaiM . Itln-
In* Company will be Interested la the follow-
ng letter from the home office, since every
ihare of atock sold will share th. profits of
the onslneers' reports upon same. The letter
f °"o7«Tce of Montezuma Mining Company.
Offices— Tacoma. Fentfle. San Francisco. Chi-
cago Detroit. rtoMnn. Baltimore. Honolulu.
Cable atlilr»?s "TonsE'l." ABC Code.
SKATTLF. Wash.. Feb. «. 13<n.
To the Amerii-an Guaranty and Trust C.-».,
Financial Agents. 310 Safe Depoait Bldg..
San Francisco. C"a!.:
Gentlemen— Our Olonel Thompson telephones
us from Tacoma that he has Just completed a
lease of the best coal lands in the State of
Washington, which, with 160 acres already
leased, irives us UCO acres of these exceedingly
valuable lands.
We now have four miles upon 13 veins In-
eluded in our original lease. You will remem-
ber that one of thes? veins Is 7 feet an.l 9
Inches and the other !» feet. From this you ¦
will s-»e what i matcnlflc^nt working field w <»
have obtained, by th's «ioal. Naturally, we «r»
most Jubilant o\er this and our friend* h^e do
not hesitate tr> say t*iat the value of shares
hes been double*! by this transaction. Mean-
time, work upon our principal copper proper-
ties in being pu»hc<l with a double shift, aa w.»
mean this energetic work shall be continued.
We feel now that we are upon a perfectly safe
basis. Our coal alone will insure profitable
work In a very laree way for generations to
come. tr> say the least.
Hoping to have further of your valued favors.
we remain Tour* faithfully. Li,_
THE MONTEZl."MA MININO CO.
The Monteruma Mining Company has twerity-
fonr of the best roper properties on the Pa-
clflc Ccart. cr for thnt r?ntf<*r In the Knltei
States Thev will, as developed, pay hand-
some nroflt» to ho'rfen. cf th» stock. Par valu^
51. For the rerralnder of February the stoc*
may be trad for 7c .ash and Sc on Installments
to onlt th* purrhaser.
Call or write for prospectus and other print-
ed matter bearing on the copper Industry We
errnloy no solicitors, but If you telephone Main
5S.K3 « rer>—-ent»tlve of o-ir company wltl call
on too wlth su<?ri "»' ir5r - atlon as ls ln °*w
possession. • ¦
Tn- Amrr^n Cimrnntv and Tnjst Company.
Selling Agent*. ZVS ?afe Deposit Bids.. San
Francisco, fa I.
Jlicil~ nre d»r«r»lt: prospector wants partner
thst will taVe a r<x»1 sp-dlatlve proposition;
ftt) required; this Is worth Investigation.
Pox 1572. Call office.
MINUS bought and aold; also stocks In mtnea
»nd oil companies. Prof. John Tllton. r. 47>
4TJ, 4th floor. Parrott bid;.; 10-12, MTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
29
MA Till MOM AL.
ilAr.I'lAGE bureau; esUb. 1RR7: reliable & con-
fldei'.ial: llFts. 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 70S Ellis.
jJXnHlAOE bureau.; «st. 1S76; reliable; con-
fWr'",al lists, 10c. 33 Kearny Bt., rms. 5-4.
•: ".*< ULLA.VKOl •». KOH SALE.
BOXUEB8. engine*. Id-hand machinery! Mo^
;',7. >H A WOLPMAN. 135- 1?7 Fremont 6t_
liAf.S. back bars, mirror*, showcases, counter*.
j; -oleum, new and second-hand; we always
h»ve a large rtock of saloon o--flts on hand:
.'.: ron-plete outfits on one floor, ready made;
w# can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOOXAW. 1017. 10». 1021. 1023 Mission st..
sb.-.ve £'.x'h: write for catalgoue.
SD-H1XD Vulcan refrigerating plant.
:•. tons capacity; put up and guaranteed If
flrslred; <1lrt cheap: also W H.-P. boiler and
. ; pir.e cnaipk-te, %VJ). MKLVIX TAYLOR,
¦ HrHFh t-t.. Oakland.
l<r\ u. hmr.d-new typewriter for S3 down and
ii per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
si.; rentals, new machines. » per month.
.A-BL'YS. s*:is or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water plf«» Fhafting pulleys
ftc. WHITEI.AW. ;36 Spear rt.
NOTICE to doctors-Or* of Frank Betts 1 hot
:vir apparatus for rheumatism, aleo one elec-
tric battery for p<i!e at Commercial Transfer
*""•. H5 O"Farre:i s<t. . - -
f"OR sale— A roll-top oVs*. oak. and 12 Indexed
Falcrn letter Qles: great bargain. OWEN
H Montgomery st.
X-APIHS' chatelaine oxiJIied silver Tranches
every one guaranteed., for only $5. UNCLE
HA KRIS. IS Gram tve.
FOR FALE- W;!!«w bsl.y oart. rubber tire;
(rood b« new. '15 ICfBrnr Ft., room 8.
BICTCUS, pent's model; good as new
cheap. H~x 1542, Call office. '
FINI5 talking parrot, brass cape and stand for
«al*. tS». ¦¦¦¦- *n Leavenworth st.
DA hg ain— Valuable patented^ Article with
r:pht* to sell in California. Box 1521, Ct\\.
DOMESTIC Bewlng machine. 7 drawers, almost
new, cheap. 1S13 Misslcn St., near Fifteenth.
A 4 H P. OTTO pas engine; electric Ignition;
pood order; cheap. Box 1500. Call office.
SPLENDID paying ten an-i coffee route for sale
. cheap. Api-.ly box 1^54. I'ail office.
A— 39-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
W»m. Apply at :i6 California rt.
< f| H. P. boiler and engine complete cheap; can !
l>e Been running. r<.'4 Mission st.
CANARY birds, mal** and female*, also "Har- j
»er Hollers." at LOHMANN'S. 31CS 16th et. ;
LARGE tent, 30xSO new. for tale cheap. 816
Market tt.. roora 94.
A 15 AND Co H. P. boiler ; 8 H. P. engine;
che?p. J. BURKE. "!::¦ lJeaie st
1 BAKNES S-in. awtaC lathe; 13 H. P. Hercules
(. c> ':.:,• eng. ; 1 No. 3 Dow pump. C34 Miselcn.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery rt.. sell
at low figure? all makes Id-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand rn<vlrrn ergines and
boiler* bought «n.i po!<L KI'/JGH MFG. Co.
CD-HAND Fteam. pa*, otl, water and air mi-
cMnery bought and »-ild. Wh'.te. MS Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and mapic lantern goods
bought, sold. exf-hargFd. 109 Morurnmery st.
fcAFES— Xew~~anT THE HER-
MANN PAFE CO., 417-43! Sacramento st. ;
ilAClC lanterns, new ar.d 2d-hand moving
plr:ures |;n.LARD «• BKECK. 131 Post St. j
, PAFrs-Xrw and Fecund-hand: all eiies. THE !
WAI.TZ ?*Fe:, TTi-r.1 Market *t., San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A— KLEIN ray* be«t rrlce for clothing, bric-a-
bra<-. old grll. ;n» Plith ft.: phone Jessie 141.
"W a.XTF.L>— In-j-hand naphtha launch; ! or 4 H*
P. A. J. Gurtavcyon. Berlin bldg.. Tacoma.
LADIES' and gent.*' cast-off clothing bought &
s.ld. Pllvt-rr-.an. SS4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1H1.
R^KTro^AxT^
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peorjle can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
r...t borrow of your friends or you will loye
their friendship; <Jo buFlr.eso with Ftrangers
and v^u will b» better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms » and 10, SC6 Market st.
¦ANY prcpofitlon. any amount: 6 per cent : first.
second mortgages, estate? in probate. Interest !
In r«=tate*. lefracie?; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and pecuritle*. Room JC. 1« floor, I
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A- OLSEX. '
ANT amount at fi per cent: 1st. Id and 3d mort-
PiiKe*, undivided, interest, real estate in pro-
bete; mortfrspes and Ugarlen bought; no de-
lay; pet n:y terms before <lo!ns business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
UinHUT resr»ectable. private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rate*. BaMwin Jewelry Ftore. MS Market
_ ft.; tel. Main 1644. Branch'l9 Third st.
A— CSM.QGO PN' city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages : notes and collat-
erle. J. BROWN'STONE. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bidg., 301 Jones.
5JOPT reliable rlaw to borrow on diamonds,
watrhe*. Jewelry. W. J. HE^THAJU. 10 Sixth;
highest prioe for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: fa«y terms; no broker-
ape: reliable party. 1170 Market «t.. room fcS.
MOXBY loaned Falarled people without security.
HILr>. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
1101,00) TO lr>an en real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bidg. Co.. 222 Kansome, rm. 2.
I/)ANS. 1st or 2<1 mtgs: city, country: 6% undi-
vided int*.: estates. HARPER.297 Parrott big.
CASH leaned r.ti salaries: New York plan. THE
TOrSLKY CO., 221 Parrott building.
1TOXET to loan on furniture by prlvte party;
low rate. S17 Market «t., room L
CAFFf loaned to salaried people on note wlthovt
im'.oryer. MORRELL. CCS Examiner building.
TO salaried peorle without collateral or In-
<lrr»-er. p. F. Discount ArT.-- 143 Phelan big.
£j MOSEY \VA.\TKT).
V.'ANT loen r,r j«n for «o d«yi. to ray home-
Ftrad installment: o^Ter personal note, ln-
rtr.rsrd with fcurity. lwien address box
:r.r.i. Call office.
MCSICAI, IXSTRCMEXTS.
ALL makes; 100 r.ew p'.ano*: until March 1
SIS? up.
"We handle »Jl make*; agent* for some oH-
fpt end moft famou« r!anoi> in existence- our
r.ew rent contract, rer.t cr buy, $4; privilege
¦ to return or exrhanpe at any time; Hallett &
r>»v1« plarr»j>. exrl>i*!ve. oMewt. mort famous, i
HEINE PIANO «"O.. r!7 «J«ary rt.
"WANTFD— Ag-r-nts evrrytown: write catalogues J
find t>rieeti. Heine Piano Co.. 217 fjeary Ft.
jlKT person having u*e for a piano can be ac- j
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s with
easiest payment*, lowest prices and most re-
liable maker* to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from FteJnway down. Priv-
liecre given to exchange medium and low
Frlce<5 pianos for a new Etelnwajr any time
within three years from date of purchase.
F.eaut!ful new uprights eold for $6 ca*h and
$S per month, we offer to eel! some good
jilanoa for $3. $4 and $5 per month. RHER-
MAN. CLAY * CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter ets., Han Kranciseo;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth «t.. Oak-
land.
IF it* bargain* you want, read these prices: '
Cir^a square. ICO: French upright, small elre. j
»10f>: tvautlful walnut Merleton. two fine I
T>ocker & Son, almoM like new. and other
M'Kairt* that u> will Khow vou when you
call. MArVAlS' MF.SH: CO..*7CS Market *t.
BJFXiVX. pla.yi> the 'Reeal."
The " 'Rf-iral' If best." Kays Blegel
And you want the ben mandolin If you have
any Et fill: you war.t a "Regal."
Wp are acer.ls for the guitars and
taasfloUnw
MAUVAir Ml'PICr CO.. 7C» Market St.
AB?OLT*Tf:LY the oldest and Urged houM
west cf Chicago is KOHLEIt & CHASE'S 2«,
t% and SO O'Farrell rt. : piano*, organs and
a!l other musical Instruments of all grades
• nd prices: terms ea*y; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pleas* and cattery the
customer _^
t ORGANS, frcm $25 to $C0.
S eecond-hand pianos, frcm $7S to $145.
4 new uprights from J150 to J195.
Guaranteed: easy payments. BEUJAiTIN
CURTAZ & SON. 16-1S-29 O'Farrell St.;
Cnl«-kertng agency. _^_
FOR f>ale. sif> I leave the rity. for 1-3 cost,
flnejy carved grand upright piano: vtan<2ar<1
make; excellent tune: as good as new and
warranted. HO Howard^rt.
A FINH Ftork of high-grade pianos at reduced
p-ii-p*: a magnificent upright. I12S. must nell:
nice upright. J75. J. DEWING CO.. 12 Flood
building, S. F.
A BON A -FIDE cleaning out removal aale of
fercTKl-hand pianos- at low auction prices, $20
rip «thl8 week only). WILSON'S Storage. 1710
Market Bt.
WANTED — Five good square pianos for coun-
try FrlioolR. BYRON MAUZY'. 308 Post gt.
PABTT going E«rt rauft Biirrifice fine standard
make 'jpripnt plHno. 324 Oolden Gate ave.
f 76— FIXE upright piano. Factory, corner
Market. Fourteenth and Church st*. _
ON eale— Steinway upright, $1SS. 213 'Geary
et.. room SC
MUSICAL IXSTRIIMENTS.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Eteck, Hardman, Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 814 Font.
B^t?wJ N^" Must be soI<J : mce upright piano.
BCHM1TZ. 16 McAllister at., next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister m
B ». RON " MA U2Y. agrncy Sohmer A Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Spellman Pianos. 308 Post,
s £ECL\li SALE— Immense reductions; see our
leader, only $16Q. BRTJENN. 208 Post st.
l-PEDAL. upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St., 4 elegant up-
rights at your. own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent Flock In city: new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. ECO Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MtTLLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham uUce.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LIST.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
ets. ; occupied as erooery and bar for past 30
years: rent $20: water free. Apply to «J. H.
UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT furnished front. rooms, sunny; new
flat; physician or dentist. 430 Eddy st.
TWO offices nnd a Fhowroom to let. Apply at
16 Second »t.
CHEAP, licht offices. Emma Spreckels build'
ing, S27 Miirket st.
$15— CORNER store, 3 rooms, 323 Bryant St.;
$16. store. 3 room*. 1419 Pacific Ft. ".
:{ °"»
THE charter jnibscrin'ion list for the Gold
Standard Oil Producing Company will be open
for one week «-"mmen<"lng Monday morning,
th« llth. jir.d will close Saturday, 12 o'clock
r.non. at the offices of Mr. Sylvain Salomon,
j invt-stm^nt broker, end ¦ the Fidelity Real
K*-iat.- i"ninpan>. 207 Montgomery »t.. H. K.
This charter Itet is a ground floor proposition
an.i worthy of investigation. The property
is in Kern River ani Sunset districts. Apply
immediately.
A PTRIOTL.Y bustneFs company; no big freight
or office h:ll»; oil high gravity: Fold at well*
$1 16 barrel: third well nearly down: ccntrol
for more; own* lard for over 100 wcIIh: pro.
moters Invested thousands before selling
fio< k hrre^ block of 20.000 at 25c: call and
Fee 9 beautiful Famples lubricating ill and
Wills' crude oil burner. 11 Montgomery st..
Union Petroleum Ccrnrany.
T5 CENTS per share — Oil stock in company
paying regular monthly dividends of 2 per
cent per month. 12H cents per share, oil
stock in company with lf>0 barrel well; start-
ing to drill two more: best propositions on
the market. C. F. MORE, 905 Market st.
room 6.
PARTIES owning large tract proven oil land
In best district in Kern County; need two
more parties with $250 each tn complete or-
ganization cf company. Box 1571. Call office.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 290 Pine Ftreet.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence Follclted.
S500 SHARES cf OccIJtntal Oil Company of
West Virginia for Faie; cheap. Inquire 4S8
Thlrtv-eighth, st.. Oakland. Cal.
Z,V) ACRES o'.l land: $5 to $5000 per acre. W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
OIL LAX US FOR SALE.
FO ACRES in th- h«art nf Kern River district:
well en adjoining land: 640 acres. Kern Co.: a
good buy. JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgom-
ery st.
KERN River: proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carrnen & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
I'.4I.\TGHS AMI UKCOK.VrOK*.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen A- Bath. 30S Sixth: open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
hT JEROME KOSSETLlT^iclwitT&c^p^lmtbt." 615
Taylor «t.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
HARTXEKS \VA>TBI).
PARTNER wanted for half-interest In good-
paylnsr meat market: only these meaning busi-
ness need answer; $r.OO cash required. Box
1551. Call f^fice.
P.VTE.MS AJTU l'K>»IO.\».
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
CEO. n. CAMPBELL.. Lawyer, Examiner bis.
PKUSO.VALS.
GENTLEMAN of SS. with a fair income.
wlnhes to correspond "with an honest Ameri-
can Protestant working girl; objact. matri-
mony; all letters answered. Box 1557, Call.
A MAN of 37. with home short distance in the
country, wiehes the acquaintance of n work-
ing girl; object, matrimony. Box 1S29, Call
oftice. / .
ON arid after this date I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted In my name,
unless previously approved by my wife, and
thereafter Indorsed by the undersigned.
CHAS. E. BOWEN.
$S0 REWARD for the return of lace curtains,
etc., taken from C. K. Adams Co. wagon.
136 Fifth Et.. or Information which will lead
to their recovery.
MAN wishes position as companion to gentle-
man of leisure: no objection to country or
travel. Box 15 lL Call office.
THE Star Hair Remedy can be had at all leaa-
ing druggists and hairdressers; lt Is guaran-
teed to restore pray and faded hair to natural
color, cure dandruff. Ftop falling and grow
new hair; ask for it: take no other. The Star
Remedy Co., Ban Francisco.
IF you want to be successful In all your af-
fairs and bring health, happiness, love and
all that is good within your reach, you must
learn how to Influence people; I will teach
you how, MRS. VALEEN, 215 Leavenworth
street.
IS your hair felling out? If fo- lt must have
attention; from the Fmall commencement of
falling hair we get proy ajid bald. See the
testimonial of a physician of my success In
to-day's Bulletin anil take counsel. MRS.
E. R. DL'NLAP. 6 f>ddy St.. rooms 73-74.
VALUABLE information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
ucr, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEARCE. Tt« Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
PAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. CEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth.Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal, treatment;
no knife, plaeter or pain; book and . testi-
monials mailed ffee. Cancer Institute, 121
Wen Forty-second st. N. Y.
A-$3 GO DERBY arid Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatter*. S30 Kearny Ft., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CliOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery *t.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 337 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third «., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night : $1 50 to $S per week;
free 'bun and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron bedn, Ftnple, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Uroadway.
WHY guesx? You are certain of style and fit by
UFlng Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market Bt.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fin-
ishing & modelg made, a. Graft. 10 Stevenson.
DESERVING women needing . aid on suits or
legal questions, a ri dress box 17SI. Call office.
HEALTHY boy or girl bahy for adoption. MRS.
DR. Fl'NKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
SUPERFLUOUS lialr and mole* deitroyed with
electric needle. MISS KATON'. 1119 Sutter st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play hooka, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2>c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggist*.
PHVSICIAAS A>O SCRGBOXS; '¦
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and~resf(ience",
1021 1 * Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mamn, nr. Ellis.
KKAI. KbTAlK — CIT1 — KOH MALM.
ecmf: bargains at js a month.
1150 and upward— Fine building lots, l block
from Twenty-second-st. cars. -.
QaCA K HF.YMAN. 14 Post st.
$100 EACH— Lot* 25x100; 300 feet from San Ma-
teo electric csr»: S monthly.
OSCAR HHYMAN. 14 Po»t St.
$12 £.0 A MONTH buys a new 4-room cottage
and 2 lots near Mission nt. and Crescent ave.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
LOTS with a grand marine view; fronting the
Grand Boulevard and ocean: graded and
ready to build on; easy monthly payments.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
WE ARE BUILDING—
To sell for Juet what you pay to rent, an-
cther elegant 6-roont cottage, with all the
latest Improvements.
Go out and look at It while we are tmlld-
inc. It, and judge for yourselves, how good a
house we put up; everything in It Is of the
best, and built to last; you can buy this
home on easy terms; Ftreet work done, gas
mains laid and only 1 block to cars: lake
Mltsiqn-st. cars, ride up Twenty-second st.
to Douglass and walk to Twenty-third rt.
OSCAR HEYMAN.- 14 Po«t it.
REAL ESTATP v ,-CITY— FOtt SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
.n.n, », 1* Montgomery St.
t-100— Rents $22 per month; 2 flats of 6 rooms
each on Treat ave., near litth'et.; lot 25x
lit) leet.
$3S00— 2-story house on the sunny side of Mc-
Allister Bt.; store and rooms below, and
$37 50; lot 25x100. rO ° mS *"* * . ren »
H000— House and lot on Webeter at., close f>
Hay, containing 6 rooms and bath; mort-
gage of $23i-0 in the Hlbernla Bank can
..-~, " maln lt desired; lot 25xsKi.
$3700—2 cozy bay-window nats of 4 <uid 5 rooms
ana bath each; on Leavenworth St., clo«3
to Greenwich: has a fine marine view;
sun all day; lot 23 feet front; present
mortgage of $1<XK) can remain If desired
on the property.
$1600—2 flats en Montgomery st.. near Filbert,
containing 4 rooms each; rents $13 per
month;, present mortgage of »llv) can re-
main If desired; munt be sold.
$2500— New liay-winiiow cottage, near 14th and
Market sts., containing 4 rooms, and bath:
Improvements cost »»000; 4 years old;
present mortgage of $1500 In the Hibernla
Bank can remain If desired; lot 25x125.
$J."00— Rents $43 per month: 6 flats on Natoma.
»&00— Make an otter; 2 nice flats and cottage
on small street In the rear: near Green-
wich and Killniore sts. ; flats contain 5
and 6 rooms and bath each and cottage
of 4 rooms: lot 37:6x120 to rear small
street; rents $32 i>er month; part cash.
$1300 — 2 nice tenements of 4 rooms each In
South San Francisco; rents $16 per
' month; lot 30x100.
$4000—3 cosy flats on Guy place, near First and
Harrison sts.; rents $42 per month; lot
25x70.
$3300 — Bay-window house of 9 rooms and bath
on Isarkln st..- near Lombard; mortgage
of $2200 at 6 per cent in bank can remain
if desired; lot 2JxlO5:9.
$1900 — Bay-window cottage of & rooms and bath
on McAllister Et.. near the Park: lot 23
f*-ot front: will arrange monthly payment
if desired.
$1500— Rents I'liS per annum; near Third anil
Mission sts.; 5 tenements; always rented;
lot 2cx75.
$3S00 — Part ca?h: a bargain: 2-5tory house on
Clav sst.. rlope to Devisadero St., contain-
ing S rooms and bath; lot 27:6x137:6; mutt
be sold; will be on the market for a short
time only.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 25c.
•Choice list of buildinz lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
? G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
LTON & HOAG 114 MONTGOMERY ST.
I-.jCi> — A bargain: corner store and flat; close
to Sixteenth Rt. and Potrero ave.; new
building; mortgage (2100 can remain.
WESTKRN ADDITION FLATS.
$4.500— Rent $40: good flats en Golden Gate
ave.; built about 3 years; lot 25x137:6;
a snap.
$7,500— Fine modern residence; sunny side
Waller st.". near. Masonic ave.; contains
11 rocm* and bath; lot 25x137:6.
$3,100— $5CQ cash, balance $30 monthly: hand-
some home on Castro St., near Twenty-
third; Tontains 7 large rooms, bath and
all conveniences.
$?,600— Hent $ r *0: splendid new bullJ'ng; con-
tains 3 handxome flats, 6 rooms ami
bath each; all rented; choice location;
nothing better for the price in the
market. "ft*
$10,000— Rent $100: business corner at the Mis-
sion: large Falcon and first-class gro-
cery: 2 flats above; lot 5OxS0; a tplen-
dld buy.
$i,500 only — Hayes-Ft. residence, near Lyon:
good, substnntlal resilience, 9 rooms,
bath, etc.: let 2">xlffi; a bnrgaln.
$C,400 — Fine home: close to town; Leaven-
worth rt.. near Washington; 9 rooms,
bath. h<-.t-air furnace, etc. ; flue views.
$7,000— Home on Presidio Heights, I^aurel si.,
rear Clay; contains 9 rooms, bath, etc.;
charming views; select neighborhood.
$1,250 — Rent $41: business property; vicinity
Ninth and Folsom sts.; store and flats;
all "rented: lot 25x?O; splendid bargain.
CHEAP LOTS ON HYDE ST..
$1.250 — $1CO caoh, balance monthly: cars pass
property; will build to suit.
CHOICE INVESTMENT — VICINITY PINE
ANI> POLK.
$3,500— Extra large lot. f.0xl37:6; rent $60 net;
' no water: no repairs: land alone worth
the money: lot only partially Improved;
rent can be increased at a small ex-
penditure.
GREAT BARGAIN.
$7.500— JinCO cash, balance monthly; Presidio
Heights residence; Laurel pt.. near Sac-
ramento; l'j-Ftory hou«e. <> rooms, bath;
10-foot basement: lot 2.".xll2:6.
NEW CORNER FLATS.
$4,250— $^0 cash, balance monthly; Noe St..
one block from Castro-Ft. cars; up to
date In every respect: rents well.
$2,&00 — Bay-window cottage on Hampshire St..
near Twentieth; 5 rooms, bath and high
basement: JUCfl oach. balance monthly.
CHOICE MODERN FLATS.
f.i,5QO — Rents $87 50; rlose to Panhandle; thre^
hamlsome new flats; lot 27:5x100; a
gooJ steady Investment.
BUSINESS PROPERTY. ,
$4,000 — A splendid Investment; 3 stores, occu-
pied by barber, t-hoemaker aad crock-
ery; rent $40: lot 44xSO: good location;
prominent street at the Mission.
MODERN COTTAGE.
$3,000— Second ave., near Clement St.; contains
6 rooms and bath; lot 25x120.
LYON & HOAG.
lit Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE,
Established January, 1S5?.
Real Estate Agents,
Full chsrge tnken of property.
626 Market ft., opposite Palace Hotel.
$SC0O— Ellis st., nrar Gough: .front and rear
house; rent $50; lot 20x120; with small expense
this can be made to pay well.
$2200 — Broadway, near Jones; must be sold;
rent $1*: this Is In good condition.
$«.",0ft— Pine st.. near Scott; 2 flats; rents
$17 50; lot 2"xl37;6.
$7000—2 flats;, near O'Farrell and Webster;
well rented: lot 25x90.
Laundry building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 16Sxl2O. on north
line of Lombard st.. between Flllmore anil
Steiner: alrn lot 152x120 on Cheatnut st. in
rear; rents $73 per month: must be sold on ac-
count of non-residence.
Bush-st. corner, near Kearny: lot 60x70, with
large, cubstantlal buildings; rents $230 per
month.
MlEsion-st. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot:
new improvements, store and flats; rent $110;
price $18,000.
$10,E00— Fine vacant property; lot 37:6x90.
with 2 corners: Taylor and Greenwich sts. ;
just the place for a grocery.
TSOOO — An elegant north corner In the Presidio
Heights district: 60x90; this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap.
tS-'iOO— Bush st.. near Webster; R rooms and
bath: elegantly finished Interior: 27x100.
$7000 — Harriet ft., near Howard: lot 50x75,
holding frontage to Sixth st. ; rent $56.
$18,000 — An elegant marine view house. In the
best of condition; will take a smaller house
for part pay If not too far out.
Sutter St., corner of Buchanan: 35xS7:6; only
$S000. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.) "
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$20, W — Corner on Montgomery ave.; stores
ani lcvlging-houpe.; rents $178 50.
$18,000— Broadway, near Mason; 84:4^x137:6;
3 new flats and rear h&use: rents $145.
$13,500— Corner Stelner and Waller sts. ; 48x81;
store and 2 flats; rents $63 90.
$12,000 — Union St., near Taylor; 25:9xl2H:»; 3
modern flatn and rear, house; rents $03 f>0.
$<i0f<>— Lombard tit., near Dupor.t; 40xSO to rear
street: 4 flats; rents $56.
$i=iO<i— Buchanan, nftar Post; 24x£2:6; house of
7 rooms and bath; rent $36.
JSOOO — Corner leavenworth and Broadway;
cottare and 2 flats; rents $41.
$3250— Capp St.. near Twenty- fourth; 13:9x80;
house of 7 rooms and bath: rent $20.
UNIMPROVED. -: •"•¦ ' ¦
$3n,nno — Corner Broadway nnd Brodertck st •
1.-7:6x275.
$l2,5C0-^Ccm';r Clay Bt. and Central ave.; 86:3
X130: will subdivide.
fSOOO— Corner Cole and Carl: 100:7x87:6.
*r.5©0— Greenwich Ft., near Taylor: 45:10x137-6
j-ofA — Corner 24th and Balmy: 50x75.
$MHiO— Polk St.. near Chestnut: 107:6x87:«.
$:{y>"-Fulton St.. near Fillmore: 32--6xl37:6.
$3000— Laruna Ft., near Page: 25x100.
$3(W-Ste!nrr f>t.. near Wflller: 24x81.
*2750 each— Pos«t *t.. near Devlsa<lero; 2 lots
MMW— Waller, near Stelner. 25x120.
$2000— Waller St.. nenr Ftanyan; 25x100.
$1ROO— Bryant, near 23d: 26x100.
$1M)O— Sutter St., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
HAWKS i SKELTON. . — — -
Items Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
" Property.
$8,500— Cottage and flats: O'Farrell st.. near
Buchanan; rents $50; good Investment.
$9,000— North side of California *?•• near Web-
Fter: 10 rooms: In line condition.
tlt.SCO— r^ary. near Octavla: large lot: Im-
proved; rented low $930 per annum: lot
slone worth the price to build modern
flats on. . / '
$1,200— I -ot: Ptockton St.. near Chestnut; 22x65-
- flatc on It wo\!ld pay well.
$9,000— £<cott St.. near Wnphlneton; ¦ faclna
pretty park: choice neighborhood; ele-
gant home; S rooms.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
DON'T waste your money by paying rent: new
modern 4-room «in<i bath houFf» on -Hoffman
ave. can be boucht with small ravm»nt down
and $13 per monllK close to the 22d-st. electric
line. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Suiter Ft.
$6. r >0 EAST— Only four lots left fronting th*
Ocean boulevard: block 721: street graded nn<l
ready for building: these lots will be worth
$5000 each In less than fi yearn;- now Is vour
opportunity. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Putter «t.
$6.',0— THREE-ROOM house and lot clone to Sar.
Bruno electric earn and Cortland ave.: easy
term*. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter f4.
TO rent or for sale-Summer residence of 4
rooms and bath: Elmhurst station: 45 min-
utes' ride from city. JACOB HEYMAN. 117
Putter Ft. •
NKW up-to-date houses. 7 nnd 9 rooms: well
built: fine view; jro ami se*> them and you
will buy. For further Information see owner
en premises or JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Mont-
gomery Ft. :
COZY cottage. 4 rooms: lot »xll« ; T 3223 ¦ llhr-
rlscn st.. near 27th. Owner. 016 Bush st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,. then
call on W. J. GUNN, 630 California st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. .
10 Montgomery street.
$29,000— RENTS 9190.
Pays over 6H per cent ne{; new 4-story-and-
baeement building; close to Turk and Jones.
$23.000— DOWNTOWN CORNER.
Within one block of Market and Fifth sts.;
Z stores and lodgings above; worth Investigat-
ing; well rented.
$11,500— RENTS $S4 PER MONTH.
Corner well improved, very close to new
.Postof flee; always rented; store, flat and 2-
etory house.
$S2r.O— RENTS- $900 PKR YEAR. '.
Two almost new flats; swell location; In beet
part of Weftern Addition, near Washington
' Bt. ; lot 23x110; best flats offered for sale.
$20.000-RENTS $1S6O PKR YEAR.
Large corner. S7:«.\S7:6, fully improved and
always rented; on car line, in Western Addi-
tion, near~i'ierce st.; must be sold.
$13,500~RKNTS $1620 PER YEAR.
Pays 1 per cent per month net over all ex-
pnurt; modern up-to-date corner flats of 7
»nd 8 rooms — bath, billiard-room, attic, etc —
each; separate entrances on both streets, no
repairs to building /or years; only natural
expenses— water, taxes and insurance; here is
the opportunity you have been looking for;
1 block from Haight-st. cars.
$14,000— RENTS $1320 PER YEAR.
Two up-to-date modern flats, facing ; Alta
plaza, nenr Washington St.; rented under
lease; very swell.
$4000— COTTAUE HOME.
Neat modern sunny cottage of 1> rooms and
bath; hlsh basement, garden, " etc. ; modern
plumbing: close to Hroderick and Washington
Fts. ; no better location; we hare $3750 offered;
se» it at once.
$1500-A SWELL INVESTMENT.
Cottage renting for $10 per month: extra
large Int. 80x50; must be sold to cloee an
estate; near Kolsom and Eighth Ets.
$775O-RENTS $SG« PER YEAR.
Here are large returns for your Investment:
extra lot. 42x?fj; well improved and always
rented; only 200 feet from corner of Mission
and Sixth sts.
$14,000-RENTS {1230 PER ANNUM.
Three elegant new substantially built flats,
with every convenience, on Jackson St., be-
tween I^irkin and Folk sts.; containing 7 nnd
S rooms anl bath each; lot 2oxl27:S l i: owner
must sell; going to Europe; a perfectly safe
Investment
$lri00— PRETT i COTTAGE.
Cottage of S rooms, basement, etc.: 1 block
from Fourth-st. electric cars., in Potrero.
S2200— NEW CORNER HOUSE.
2-story and basement; new residence of 7
rooms and bath; corner on Twenty-third St.,
near Dolores; lot 37:0x65.
$400 CASH-NICE COTTAGE.
Contains 4 rooms; rents $10 per month; price
only $1000; $600 can remain on bank mortgage
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$33,000-
$42C0 rents per annum; v/111 pay
10 per cent net; Nob HilL
Six new flatx.
High, sightly elevation: elegant
view; swell neighborhood; rented
under lease; nothing better to be
had; lot 55x127:6.
Cream of Park Lots. .
OppoBlte new Park entrance.
Rare chance for home-builders and
Investment-seekers.
Choicest huildlnfr" lots on very easy
payments; on the H-st. electric
cars and fronting Golden
Uate Park and the new
Nineteenth-ave. boule-
vard.
Lots and streets on official grades;
macadamized; plank sidewalks,
Kas and water service.
Low prices— bound to increase In
value.
Your own- terms; interest only f
per cent. •
Honey advanced for building pur-
poseo,
Call at once at our branch office,
open week days, Sundays and holi-
days), corner II et. and Ninth ave.,
south of Golden Gate Park, and ask"
to be shown these beautiful lots.
Full particulars and price lists at
our ofltce.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
;'.;. 10 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
HOUPES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED
AND FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF
PROPERTY BARGAINS.
624 MARKET ST. • v."
$22.600— Paclflo ave.: lot 40x150 feet, with ele-
gant residence: almost new in every particu-
lar: 14 rooms and bath; fine marine view and
an ideal home.
$31,000— Lot 45:10x137:6 feet on Spear et., near
Howard; this is. one of the finest lots in the
district.
$20.000— Broadway, corner lot. 137:6x137:6 feet;
residence of 10 rooms and bath; also 2 flats
and a cottage: but one-half of the ground Is
Improved: pays well.
$1<5,5OO— Grove St.: lot 67:5x137:6 feet; house
In 4 flats; rents for $130 per month; flaw In
first-class condition; good Income.
$11,003— Buchanan st. ; 3 well-built fine flats
of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents for $S3
per month: lot 25x30 feet.
$10,000— Lot and improvements on Harrison
St.; store and flats above; rents for $S( per
month; lot 2T>xS9 feet.
$3000— Webster st.; 2 fine flats of 6 and 9
rooms and bath each: lot 22:SxS7:6 feet; rents
for *70 i>er month.
$s.Vto— Devlsadero St., near Washington: 2
almost new flats of 7 and S rooms and bath
each; lot 2.~>xllO feet; rents $S0 per month.
$7750— Grove st. fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each: rents $73 GO per month; lot 25x120
feet. ,
$7250— Folsom St., near Twelfth: lot 25x87:6
feet; 3 new flats of S and 6 rooms and bath
each: rents for $C6 per month.
$7250— Mint ave., near Fifth St.; lot 25x75
feet: 3 flats and a cottage; rents for $68 per
month.
SS500— Pierce st., nenr Page; 2 fine flats of 6
B-nd 7 rooms, and bath "each; lot 2jx106 feet;
rents $*i2 50 per month.
$.-.2.V> — California ft., near I.arkin; lot 23x
80 feet; olii Improvements; rents $50 per month
$:.6OO— Masonic ave. ; elegant new house of 10
rooms and bath; modern In every respect; lot
25x100 feet; a beautiful home. .
$5750 — Corner on Twenty-fifth St.; lot 25x95
feet with store and flat above; rents for $55
per month.
$4000- Sanchez St.. near Eighteenth; 3 flats,
well built; rents $34 per month: lot 23x100 feet
$4000— Nineteenth Ft.; lot !«:CxS3 feet; 2 fine
flats: r*-nti« for $36 per month.
$3750— Pacific St., near Taylor; 3 flats of 3
4, 5 rooms: rents for $42 per month; pays well
on the' Investment.
$3300— Silver St., near Third: lot 25x75 feet
with 2 houses of 4 and 6 rooma and bath
each; rents for $41 per month.
$?000— Pacific st., near Hyde: lot 20xS0 feet,
with store and flat; total Income $32 per
month.
$32.V) — Clam St., near Fourth: store and 2
flats; rents for $33 per month; lot 22:11x80 feet.
$5000— Clinton Park,' near Guerrero st. ; house
of 7 rooms and bath'; rente $27 50 per month-
lot 22:«x7.' > feet.
$2500— Hyde st., near Union; lot 42x68 feet*
small cottage of 3 rooms.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
BONNTAQ.
A. J. RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents.
112 Montgomery st.
$20,000— McAllister St.: 5 modern flats and store-
paying 9 per cent per annum.
$18,500— (Jpary gt.. near Leavenworth: 3 elegant
flats; paying 10 per cent per annum-
modern In every particular.
$6,500— Buchanan st., near Geary; 2 stores and
flats; cottage In rear; 37:6x82:6; pays 10
per cent per annum.
$6,500— Presidio Heights: modern Improved
residence; every convenience..
$*,000— FJnker-st. residence; lot 100 reet front;
near Paclflc ave.
$5.0*0— Pine st.. near Stockton; house, 8 rooms-
lot 34:6x77:6.
$2.750 — Page St., near Rhrader: lot 25x110.
$3,000 — I>arkln and Filbert sts. corner lot, 40x
" 100: marine view; fine location for
finta.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Choicest and cheapest lots In this city. I
t We can positively suit you.
$76. $100. $200 and $300— near Mlsslon-stJ elec-
tric car or grand ocean boulevard: $5 monthly.
$300 to $900— Choicest graded Sunset, Nine-
teenth 'ave. boulevard and Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$750. $1000, $1500 to $2500— Splendid cottages,
good locations near cars; all bargains. Must
be sold. Installments tame as rent.
Branch) office Ninth ave.. near H at.. Sunset.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
S BIO DOWNTOWN BARGAINS:
$21,000 and upward.
3 PACIFIC HEIGHTS BAROAINS-2 corners
1 SPECIAL PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BARGAIN
oi- swell street. • ' - ¦ '
We have lots of other BARGAINS.
Tf> INVESTORS — If you want property
CHEAP" we can satisfy you.
For particulars see MCCARTHY CO., 648
Market gt.: telephone Red 357L
jBOno— HANDSOME flats. 6. rooms and bath
each: rents ?50; near Park.
$4500— Modern 2-story, 8 rooms and bath; lot
36x120; near Valencia and Sixteenth,
¦ $1200— Large lot, suitable for residence or
business, on Point Lobos and First aves.-
$75 each— Choice level lots: 25x120 each, 'at
Ocean View anil Ingleskle. I*.- ROTHERMEL
507 California »t. , ' • :
NEW ?"-room homes; Clipper, bet. Churchand
Sanchez. H. FEIGE. builder, 102* . Capp st. ¦
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EA6TON. ELDRIDOE * CO.,
63S Market st.
EDDY 8TREET FLATS.
$10,600— Three modern flats of 7 and ¦ rooms
and bath; lot 25x120 to rear street;
. rents $98 per month.
FRANKLIN STREET INVESTMENT.
$7000 — Near Hayes St.: three flats of 5 rooms
and bath; lot 35x167:6 feet; $5000 mort-
gage.
BEAUTIFUL "WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE SNAP.
$6000— On Scott St.; handsome bay-windowed
houEc. 8 rooms and bath, porcelain
tubs, two fine mantels, etc.; bitumen
street.
PATS 15 PER CENT.
POWELL BTREET CORNER.
$8000— Rents $100 per month; three stores and
lodging-house of 19 rooms and base-
ment; brick foundation.
v MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
$5000— Two fine weU-built modern flats of 6
and 6 rooms and bath; rents $43 50 per
month; Hartlett St., near Twenty-first.
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.
CHEAPEST LOT IN THE CITY.
$2250— Think of lt; a lot 25x145 on Market St.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$2750— House of 7 rooms and porcelain bath,
patent closets", etc.; rear house of 4
rooms: rents $S2 50 per month; lot 25xS0;
near Fourth and Howard sts.
CHEAPEST LOT ON FULTON STREET.
$1800— North side Fulton St., 25x137:6 feet;
cement walk, bitumen street: $800 mort-
gage can remain.
PRETTT MISSION HOME.
$1500— Cottage of 6 roims and bath, stationary
washtubs; half-block of two car lines.
COZY SOUTH OF MARKET HOME.
$1500— Attractive cottage of 5 rooms; bitumen
street; near Seventh and Howard sts.
. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market St.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
A UOTIO^T.
AT-* CI ION >
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street.
February 2S. IDOL
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom. 638 Market street.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
NO. 924 Page st.. near Devlsradero; handsome
residence of 8 rooms and bath; rents $30; lot
25x137:6.
" GREKN-STREET INVESTMENT.
N os. 1228-30 Green st.. near Larkin: 8 well-
built houses of 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$3b per month: lot 31:3x60 to rear street.
McALLISTER-STREET LOT.
North side McAllistPr nt. : 150 feet east of
Lvon; level lot; 25xl87:fi feet.
PARK PANHANDLE CORNER RESIDENCE.
Southwest corner: No. 501 Cole and Paps sto. ;
Urge beautiful sunny residence of 8 rooms and
bath; rents $45 per month: lot 23x106:3 feet.
MISSION FLATS.
No.«. 3!>2S-Sft-32-34 Nineteenth St.. near San-
cIkz; two pairs of flats nnd lot to be sold
pcparately; 4 and 5 rooms and bath each- rents
J27 and $25; lots each 25x114 feet.
MISSION 'COTTAGE.
$200 c&5h; "balance as rent. No. SSI Jersey Ft..
near Castro: two-story house of 6 rooms and
bath: one-half block from Castro-Market cars:
lot 25x114.
PARK PANHANDLE LOT.
West side Central ave.; 100 south of Waller
St.; lot 26xlC7:6 feet.
FULTON-STRF.ET CORNER.
Northeast corner Fulton and Parker ave.:
large varent corner: 109x128 feet: one block
from Golden Gate Park; McAllister cars pass.
FINE LOT SOUTH OF THE PARK.
We«t Bide Twelfth ave.; 175 feet north of M
St.; lot 2SxlOO feet.
MISSION CORNER STORE AND FLAT.
• Northwest corner; No. 1618-20 Church and
Valley st». : store and 2 rooms and upper fiats
of 4 rooms and bath; also cottage of 4 rooms;
lot 25xlC0 feet."
BAT VIEW HOMESTEAD LOTS.
. Four lota on Vancouver and Guadaloupe sts. ;
ISO feet north of Saute st.
Catalogues with full particulars at office.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street.
BARGAINS Getting Mora Scarce Dally.
A. M. Speck * Co., 667 Market St.
Opposite Kearny.
Mission-street Corner.
$3S,00O— Refusod $70,000 7 years ago: corner
Mission and 14th Bta.; 170x160 feet; 3
frontages; bank mortgage $26,000; want
offer; must *eil.
Sutter-Btreet Corner.
$100,000— Threo frontages: 137:6x275: finest Bite
in city for church or sanitarium.
Ttto Corners.
$75,000— New improvements; lot 80x125; rents
$535.
$70,000— Reduced From $S2.000.
Choice corner lot, 75-foot front: within 14 block
of Market Ft.: with old improvements;
rents about $400; the only corner that
tan be bought vicinity of Sixth street.
$03,000— Corner north of Market, east of Jones;
60-foot front; rays 6 per cent net.
Clay-street Corner.
137:6x127:8 feet: NTV. corner Clay and Gough
ets.: magnificent marine view: cheap-
est FO-vara Jn the city for non-ton resi-
dence or flats; easily worth $40,000.
Hotel Corner.
$:0.000 — 60 feet front: vicinity of Sutter St..
east of Leavenworth st.; finest hotel,
office or rooming-house site..
$12,500— leavenworth St.; fine locality; rents
$100 net.
Jackson-street Residence.
$14,000 — Near Van Ness ave. ; every modern
convenience; 14 rooms and 2 baths-
built 5 years; mortgage $8000; lot 36x
130; building cost more than price
asked. -«*."¦
Building for sale; to be removed: No. 420
Eddy street.
A. M. PPECK & CO..
667 Market Btr*et.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO.,
. 13S Montgomery street. '.
NEW PROPERTIES.
$24,000 — Green-st..- corner; 206:3x137:6 feet; splen-
did location.
$15.400— O'Fnrr-11 Ft., N side; :7:«xl37:6 feet: 3
f.fltp, s, 7, 7 rooms an:l bath each; an 1
nual rents $1*60.
$10,250— Bush St.: 27:3x92 feet: 3 flats, 7, 6. H
rooma and bath each: annual rents $S70.
$3,600— "Wil lard st.; College Heights; new cot-
tage of 7 room*, bath and toilet; splen-
didly built from -roof to foundation;
easy terms: monthly Installments.
$3",50O— Natoma frt. : 2SxS0 f»et; 4 -fiats: 1 total
rents per annum. $408.
$2,000 — Church St.. near 29th-st. electrio cars*
25x100 feet; houFe of 4 rooms and larse
bnsemrnt. "
$1,500— Landers ot. ; W. line near Market and
14th St.; 25x125.
$350 — 19th ave., near California st. :" lots 25x
120 feet: $50 cash and $10 per month;
low IntTPst.
$450— Merrltt St., near Hattle; lot 25x83 feet;
cheap.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN" & CO..
138 Montgomery st.
THE COMING CITY ...SANTA FE
At Point Richmond, terminus of Santa Fe
Rnllroad.
Bound to . (trnw. Lots are hound to Increase.
Railroad car rhops located here.
An important railroad terminus and head-
quarters: manufacturing nnd shipping interest*
sure to increase; lots $125: all level; streets
graded: $10 earn $5 monthly
McBTWBN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
JtfOO— WILL bf *oM very cheap, ax owner
must have money: 2 lots on Eighth ave.,
near J «"t.; rinse to the park: street graded,
macadamized and sewered; will be sold at a
sacrifice.
$275—3 lots near J st. and Thlrty-necond
ave.: can be bought cheap; $250 cash, balance
rasy terms; nlco modern cottage home at a
low price.
*19O — Kxlra cheap corner: the finest snap of-
fered; "SxlOO; in South San • Francisco; well
worth $5C0.
McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery st.
jCoOO— THIRTEENTH, nmir Howard: 3 flats, 4,
5; » rooms and bath: rents $42;. 30x78.
$"250 — Market. n«*ar Church; 7 rooms and
batn: '25x115:- mortgage $3000 at 6 per cent.
|-,ofio— Broadway, near Octavla; 25x130; 8
roomsand bath; part cash.
$4250 — Tenth, near Howard: 7 rooms and
bath: 25x102:3. .
$3500— Natoma. near Sixth: double house; C
rooms each; rents $32: 25x80.
$8250— Twenty-first, near Valencia; choice lo-
cality: 6 rooms and bath: 25x115.
¦ $2r/io— For 35 lots in S. S. F., near electric
roa>l. • " . -•• • . " ' • - ' ** r^~Zf^
• jlMW— Dolores, nr. 22d: 80:6x117:6, to alley.
$I2: 1 O— Brynnt. nr. ISth: 23x100: bitumen.
IMf— Whitney, nr. 13th: .B0xl25; on grade.
$150— Four lots 'in University' Extension.
W. II. CRIM.A CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
HOi;SE-of 5 "rooms; lot 33x110; ¦¦ 16S4 Alabama
St.. bet. 27th and 28th. Owner 916 Bush it.. ¦
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
. cheape-st call on W. J. GUNN. 530 Callfornla.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— 7OU SAUl
6HAINWALD. BUCKBEK Sc CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS*
215-220 Montgomery st.. Mills buildlns.
JlS.OOO-Northwegt corner of Jones and Wash-
ington «ta.; corner; 63:9x157:8 feet: elegant lo-
cation to -build flats; grand marine view.
$18.000— McAllister st.. sunny side, between
Vlebster and Fillmore ; tlot 75xlS7:« feet, with
hruse of 13 rooms and bath; land alone is
worth tho money.
* 8M °— Valencia sC. near Fourteenth: lot BOx
12?,/ eat to twenty-foot street In rear: terms.
IjjOO cash, balance on bank mortgage at 6 per
cent.
$4100— Lot BE. corner Washington and Lyon
stn.: a corner Sl:3xlOO:4 ft.: very cheap.
$325ft-Florida st, near Twenty-fifth: lot I7x
IOC' feet, with house of 2 Hats; rents $27 50; you
can pay »>oo cash, balance in monthly pay-
ments of $36 63 or less If desired.
$3500— Lot and Imp*.; north line of Waahtng-
ton Bt, near Leavenworth; sold to clos» estate.
$3700— Lot west line" of Van Ness ave.. naar
Lnlon St.; 53x105 ft.: ready to build.
we have a number of very choice Presidio
Heights lots with marine view, which w« ar«
authorized to sell at reasonable prices; get list
at office.
J90CO— Pacific ave.. near Pierce St.; 40x«7:8Vi
feet: beautiful residence lot: b««t portion of the
avenue; price • reduced to make quick sale.
$40CO-Corner Oak and Baker sts.; 2Sx3«:10V4:
facing Park Panhandle,
$3750— Ninth st.. near Bryant: lot 15x100 feet:
cheap.
S10.6OO — Liberty St., near Guerrero: the Nob
Hill of the Mission; lot 80x114; residence of 11
rooms and bath.
$2000— West line Church st.. south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$15: modorn: lot 25x100; a bargain.
S20. COO— Reduced from $27,000; north side Sac-
ramento St., near Van Nesa ave.; fine resi-
dence; large lot. 6S:9xl27:SU.
$1350— Price reduced from $2350: modern cot-
tage on Second ave.. near Point Loboa: 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x120; or 50x120 tor tZKO-
tbOOO— Three modern flats; Jackson st., near
Brodertck; rents $73 60; f« at less than
cost.
$2750— Marine view; corner of Vallejo St.. near
$12,600 — NW. cor. Page and Lyon sts. ; modern
residence; 12 rooms and 2 baths; furnace; 7 bed-
rooms; lot 33:6x9*.
$a.B0O— California and Octavla sts.: SE. cor.":
fine residence lot; building now on lot to U»
removed: size 63:9x137:6.
$2100— And your own terms; new cottage, &
rooms and bath; Church and Twenty-second
ets.: lot 26x126.
$31,000— Sutter-st. investment; monthly rents
{COS; will pay about 9 per cent net; lot 40x110
feet: with substantial otfice building: always
rented.
523,600— Third st.: 2-stcry brick building: rents
to one tenant $130: lot 23x75 feet.
$8250— Reduced from $9000; elegant Presidio
Heights' residence, -with 5 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot 34:*Uxl27:8tt; line
marine view.
$7000— Very pretty home on Ashbury Heights
of 9 rooms and bath: completely furnished; lot
CCxlS6:3. to rear street.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
UcAFEE BROTHERS.
10* Montgomery st.
• BRAND NEW.
Two fine new flats Just being finished In the
Panhandle district; all the latest Improve-
ments; will rent for $50; price only $4*00.
Splendid new modern home on Vallejo st. : 9
large rooms, attic and basement; with grand
marine view; price $12, SCO.
Presidio Heights; $65 per front foot: Jack-
son St., overlooking the Presidio grounds; only
a few of these lots left.
$7500— Two modern flats in Panhandle district;
7 rooms each; rent $70 monthly.
$10,000 — Home on Laguna st., near Broadway;
12 rooms; lot 27:6xlC7. • •
South of Market St.; 4 flats In fine condition; j
new plumbing, etc.; rent 440; price $3750.
A pretty cottage of fi rooms in the Mission, i
on Twenty-third St.; price $2250.
$1300— Lots on Dolores St., with view of city;
level and ready to build on; cheap lots.
$1500— Lots on Clay «., In Presidio Heights;
cheapest lots on the heights.
A fine corner lot on Paclflc are.; marine and
city views; 45xlC0; must be sold; an offer
wanted.
Send for our list of Mission homes. Will
sell on easy Installments.
Nine lots on San Bruno road, near Twenty-
fifth if; $530 upward: easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS. IPS Montgomery st.
ANOTHER Richmond bargain; Just what a
builder 'or carpenter is looking for; the two
choicest lots in Richmond on elevated
ground; west side llth ave.: 25x120 each; Just
north of Clement: bulkhead in front; all
Btreet work done; cars on Clement: fine ma-
rine view; make your own terms as to pay-
ments; only $U25 for both: 2 houses built on
there lots can be sold before the plaster Is
dry; there 1st not a vacant house In Rich-
mond and hundreds of people are 'wanting to
rent. W. J. GUNN*. 630 California St.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park then
call on W. J. GUNN, 630 California st.
$6000— NEAR Pine and Powell sts.: Improve-
ments consist of cottasre of 6 rooms and
bath; coo.i location for flats. G. II. UMB-
SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
$230 — A CHANCE to secure a home; 2 beautiful
lots 25x125 each: money furnished for build-
ing. THISTLETON, 273 Sadowa St., Ocean
View.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, J24 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh,
and Douglass sts. ; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
J16C0— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 25x
127:6 feet.
MODERN houses built; lowest price* : plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE — -COUNTRY For Sole
A "PICK-UP"— Peculiar circumstances causes
owner to sacrifice; Just think of lt, only $60
per acre for 100 acres adjoining city limits:
now in big demand and easily salable In
small tracts at $200 and over per acre; or —
as it is first-class, highly cultivated, level
loam, all In crop— it's making of very cheap,
profitable and lovely home ranch; take my
advice, don't hesitate, but make $10,000 by
purchasing this; easy terms If desired.
Remember, I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for aale and ex-
change than all other agents In S. F. ; 30C0
ranches on my list; state what's wanted and
get reliable descriptions of bargains.
X. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
ATTENTlONrHOMESEEKERS!
TVe desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In
Income producing orchard, vineyard, grain
and stock farms, many of which are
bank foreclosures, that we have for sale. Mr.
Bush having had forty years' knowledge and
experience of the value of lands and being
the owner of an income-producing orchard and
vineyard, can Intelligently direct intending
buyers to the best lapds and bargains In tha
State.
Call or send for particulars.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery St.
FARMS, VINEYARDS, GRAZING LANDS
For Sale by
McAFEE BROTHERS. MS MONTGOMERY
ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
"Write or call for list of San ifateo resi-
dences, farms, grazing and marsh lands.
ORANGES! LEMONS!
Buy a home in th* orange and lemon colony
of Northern California; no scale; no frosts:
abundance of water for Irrigation; In tracts of
5 acres and upward; also 40 acres bearing
orchard in this tract In subdivision to autt;
$200 per acre.
BARGAINS In ranches and farms.
15.0CO acres hlsjily Improved and stocked;
includes 7000 sheep, etc.: $ton,oro; easy terms.
$2<5,W>— 4IC0 acres In Mendccino County, with
20iV> fin* 1 sheep.
$3 &0 an acre— i'OO acres north nf Ukiah. gooJ
house and barn, at a sacrifice to close an es-
tate: easy terms..
Call or address P. ROTHERMEL. 607 Cali-
fornia Ft. . •
FOR farms.' fruit, poultry and stock ranches
and redwood timber lands, call or write I*.
ROTHERMEL. 507 California st. j
A CHANCE OF A LIFE-TIME ~~~ j
Ib now offered persons of limited meana to |
obtain 10 acres cr more of choice, level gar- i
den and orchard land, located near Vacavllle. I
Bolano Ccunty. the celebrated early fruit sec- '
tion of California, at the low price of 130 to
$40 per acre, according to location; terms to
FUlt: title perfect. This land will raise all
kinds of garden truck «ml early fruits. For
maps and circulars" call or write California
Farm- Land Association, 616 Hearst build-
ing, San Francisco.
$1700-18 ACRES choice valley land. » acres
• in bearing orchard: near Ukiah.
" ¦ $1650—130 acres level land, with house and
barn and orchard; 15 ncres In grain, balance
in oak and other wood. P. ROTHERMEL.
W>7 California st.
960 ACRES, well watered. Sonoma County. $.v}no
20 acres, SO miles of S. F. ; well improved. 1300
10 acrea good land, near rlty: new house. 600
Come in and find out about the 3M
farms I have for eale wthln 50
, miles of S. F. M. Griffin. 713 Mrkt. r. 1 & a.
A" SNAP — House of 4 large rooms 16x20 each:
rent tree; ground enough, for 1000 chickens;
on shares. For full particulars apply to
JOHN EDER CO., M Kearny St.. Room Rent-
al Bureau.
FARM for sale at public auction March 2. 1301—
•¦Half mtle Sonoma: 37 acren. In orchard »nd
• vineyard: furnished house 11 rooms, S-story;
barn 40x10: horses, wagons, poultry, farming
.Implements; sale on premises at 1 p. m.
t . FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
"WANTED— Ranch on Installment plan <%r will
: exchange for $1000 house and lot In this city.
Address Call branch office. 300 Hayep »t.
IN Mill .Valley. I a nice home for sale cheap on
account of departure. 526 Turk St.. S. F.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTUY — For Sale
G. H. TJMBSEN & CX3..
14 UontsutBcr y st*
A lovely country home In Loo Gatoa. Cal.;
9-room cottage, modern In every way: carriage
house and complete .outbuildings; all In Al
condition; command* unsurpassed view of va!-
ley and mountains: baautlful Ia.wn and flowers:
abundance of water; about 6 or 7 acrea In
I full beartn* fruit trees of choice Tartety: KM
and telephone: tn Ideal home; will b« sold at
a great sacrifice If taken at once.
100 acres, near Oakville. Kapa County: larce
family orchard: 5-room, hard finished cottage:
bams, sheds, granary, etc.; well watered; on
county road; all rich farming land; prlc« very
\ low on application.
I 50 acres, near Callstoga. known aa th» T*r.
R. Beverly Cole ranch; 9-roora house; tarn:
place under high itate of cultivation, with
farming implements and well stocked; will b«
sold low to close the estate.
S3730 — SOA acres, near Clryrerdale; SO acrea
under cultivation; nearly 200 acres can be cul-
tivated, balance good stock ranch; buildings
fenced; well watered.
J290O— £?« acrea, Just south of TJklah. Mendo-
clno County: new 4-room house; large bam;
fenced; well watered; also 13 acres well Im-
proved at $40 per acre; sold separately or to-
gether.
J240O— 250 acres, near Mlddletown. Lake Coun-
ty; so acres tn grain, balance timber and pas-
ture land; all fenced; good house of 10 rooms;
larse barn; near school: on county road.
5 acres. Ju«t out from Vallejo; 7-room. hard
finished house; highly Improved; frutt and er-
na mental trees In abundance; nice cypresa
hedges; for sal* cheap or will exchanga for
suburban property.
42> acr»s at Bay Point, on Santa Fe and S.
P. R. R. ; nearly 3P0 acren under cultivation;
good house, barn, sV^a, etc.; recently taken
under foreclosure: will be sold cheap: onlir
part payment required, balance at low rate of
interest.
A goo.! 3-room house on Lowejl ave., 'Mill
Valley: hot and cold water; furnished or un-
furnished; at a sacrifice.
New 5-room houso with basement and attlo
at Belmont.
Cottage cf 5 rooms and bath at Menlo Park.
Modern house of 7 rooms and batti on
Mathews ave., 9an Mateo.
Large sunny house of 19 rooma and I acra
of land at San Mateo.
Sacrifice price en any of the above win be
made upon application.
An opportunity to own a suburban horn*
cheap.
Write for our catalogue.
» O. H. UMBSEN A CO..
R. 3. Browne. Mgr. Country Dept.
A BARGAIN —
I houses and lots at Crockett. Contra Costa,
County; rented for J32 per month: price $3500.
DAVID BUSH A SON, 1!> Montgomery.
MUST be »old: 40 acres: Los Gatos; 10 orchard.
10 hay. balance pasture: hous* of •> rooms.
Write owner, care MRS. KIRBT. S50 Folsora
St.. S. F.
WRITE J. W. HORN, S13 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargain*.
REAIi ESTATE TO i:\CHA.\OB.
ONE ©f*th» most beautiful homes in Mill Val-
ley to exchanee for San Francisco property.
Address HAMMOND A CONGER. 1231 Santa
Clara ave., Alameda. Cal.: phone 1023 Paru.
1 ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL il STATE.
BUY A HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Now Is the ttme to Invest.
Great bargains offered by the Alameda Land
Company.
Here are a few of them.
$1500.
A fine story and a half cottage: good loca-
tion; largo lot; mu.«t be sold this week.
$2100.
7-room colonial cottage: choice location; lot
42x120; owner leaving Alameda; see this prop-
$2SC0.
Bought under foreclosure and must be toM
at once; a fine 7-room two-story house; lot
35x150; a snap.
$28oO.
Six-room cottage, between railroads In the
best portion of Alameda; owner going east
and must dispose of the same at once; ask
to see this property.
$43C0.
An elegant residence of 9 rooms: lot. 50x130;
cost over $7000; taken under foreclosure; thi*
Is a great bargain.
All the above, with many others, caa be
bought on easy terms.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
1500 Park st. and
20 Po»t «t.. s. r.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$500— FINE 4-room cottage with nice lot; mvfjt
sell; owner going East.
$15£0 — A decided bargain; 5-room cottage; One
lot; see this at onoc.
$rSCO— $3W> down, balance $25 per month: 7-
rcom. modern In every particular; lot 40x150;
finest location tn Alameda; this Is a rare chance
to get a beautiful home cheap.
$35C0— 8 rooms, elegant, modern; easily worth
$C0c0; fine location; large lot.
Property tn all part* of Alameda for sale.
Houses rented.
Rents collected.
HAMMOND & CONGER.
2328 Santa Clara ave.,
Alameda. Cat.
Phone 1023 Paru.
PAROAIN3 for investors.
Bargains for homeseekers.
Homes built on terms to suit.
Apply to G. R. DENKE. West Alamed*
Real Estate Office, Webster at. and Cen-
tral ave.
$10CO— COTTAGE. S rooms; lot 23x150; near Mor-
tun Station.
$1600— Residence. $ rooms and bath: lot 50x
100; business property; at Pay Station.
P. ROTHERMEL.
507 California »t.. s^an Francisco.
toro— TO close lit estate; fine building corner
lot 40x100: bet. railroads: 2 blocks High
School; street work complete: bargain. S>-»
cwner. A. G. BURNS. 1501 Park st.. Alameda.
VERY special bargains; forectO3ure properties;
genuine snaps; enough sa4d, as I do not be-
lieve In extended ads. J. A. REMMEL, Bay
Station. Alameda.
$1150— COTTAGE. 4 rooms; lot 23x150; $530 cash,
balance $12 per month. $3+W— New hou?e.
8 rooms. J. H. TOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park.
7-ROOM cottage. &") foot lot. San Francisco, fnr
Alameda house and lot. Box l"-3. Call office.
PEDVEIEV inVEDTlCElfEMTC
nUKlYcLbl ADVK.KlloE.Mfcrllb
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
$2700 — A BARGAIN: .«-room house: near two
lines of electric railroad, school house and
station; lot 50x135.
$3J!»— Only one block from the university
grounds; house of S rooms; high basement; lot
5Cxn'>.
$;no— Houi«» of 4 rooms; large lot; street
work done; a snap.
There is money in chickens, and you know
It. but how on earth can you make money
raising chickens unless you hav<» a fine lot
fronting on three streets. 270x120, and near
sohool house, churchea. cars and eTerythlrtic
convenient, which can be bought for the lowr
price of $1300? Apply to JO3. J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley.
$4C0_FINE sightly lot near V. C. '
JI0OO— Grand building site In the Scenic Park.
j Z blocks of college.
| $12CO— Cottage. 5 rooms, bath; windmill and
tank; str»*t macadamized ; for only $1*00! Ani
I still you pay rent.
J27CO— Up-to-data cottage: grand view; street
j Improved. MAT Sc MORTIMER. .
$CCCC— SEE our fine place In the Scenic Park;
just completed: must b* seen to be anpr»-
rlated. MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley Sta-
tion.
JSOO— HOUSE of t rooms; laixe lot: nice gar-
den: small barn, etc. H. D. IRWIN. Lorla
Station.
BUT a lot In th« beautiful Claremont Tract:
In the direct line of Berkeley's greatest
growth* a few fine lots at a. great sacrifice.
H. D. \RWIM. Lortn Station.
A FINE home on ycur own- term*— Lot «!hill\
on main avenue, convenient to Dwtght way
station: modern house. » rooms; ttnted wails,
latest sanitary plumbing: concrete walks;
utreet work all done: 1S0O; $IP0 down. J25 per
month. H. D. IRWIN. Lorln Station.
BARGAINS IN BERKELEY PROPERT?!
$950 — Fine corner on Teleirraph ave. ; 44x134.
$1500— Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 50x100; at Lorln
KOOO-lcottage. C rooms and bath; lot SCxlS);
Channlng way.
$G7r.0-Paying property at University: Iarg9
house 23 rooms; lot 30x136: rent* $7W a ye*r.
For particular!* call or write P. ROTHEfi-
MEL. 507 California s«-
11^*0—1100 CASH, balance 515 per month; new
."?-room cottage; large lot; 3 blocks to ears;
on sunny side of street; in gno<1 neighbor-
hood. W. C. MORAS. Lorln station. Berke-
ley. ¦ - - ¦
For Additional Classified Advertise*
xnenta See Fags Thirty.recently elected president, an* tha other
new officers took charge. Several candi
dates were Initiated and a number of ap
plications were acted upon. After tha
business was over the council was turned
over to Speaker Gilbert, who presented aa
interesting programme that was success
fully carried out and ended with a friend
ly four»round contest with gloves, Friend,
Klien being the referee. This council is
soon to move into the Pioneer building,
where a hall Is being fitted up to meet its
needs. It will not be excelled for con
venience and appointments in this city.
Last Wednesday thirty members of this
council were entertained at a banquet
given by General Deputy Bunting, ln rec
ognition of the good work they had dona
for the council during a stated period.
President Nicholson was the toastmaater,
and a good one he made.
Tents of the Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent has still in its ser
vice Deputy Supreme Commander Blake,
who has proved himself a very active man
In the matter of securing new member*.
He already has a large number to his
credit. During the past week twenty-flvo
strangers were Initiated, and there are
still "a few left." who will be taught tha
mysteries of the order In the near futura.
A body of sir knlght3 from San Francis
co Tent visited Pacific Tent on the occa
sion of its last held review, and they were
most cordially welcomed. Captain Seeley
of San Francisco's degree team accepted
the challenge of the degree team of tha
sitting tent and arrangements are now be
ing made for the contest.
jf A large number of San Francisco Tent's
•""Shts paid a fraternal visit to Golden
\\ est Tent, on which occasion they were
entertained with an admirable programme
ana » collation. The visitors declared that
the Golden West knights are Jolly fellows
ana good entertainers
On the night of the 1st Inst. the Vallejo
Tent of the K. O. T. M. dedicated tha
new pavilion ln that city by a grand ball
which was very well arranged and en
joyable and which was under the direc
tion of the following committees: Ar
rangements—Paul P. Robinson. J. H.
Harding. Farmer Sanford and F. B. Tlch
ener; floor manager, J. H. Harding; as
sistants—T. H. Egery. Merrltt F. Wincheli
and Paul P. Robinson: reception— C. S.
Wilson, A. R. .Wilson, A. McGlll. Farmer
Sanford, J. W. Thomas and A. Hartman.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
During the past two weeks Deputy Su
preme Commander Mrs. E. Arthur S.
Blake was busy organizing a new hive
of the Ladies of the Maccabees, which
promises to become one of the brightest
subordinates of the city. This hive will
introduce an innovation. In addition, to
the insurance and disability features as
provided for ln the laws of tha order,
there will be medical attendance and
medicine for the members who may de
sire to take advantaxt) of that feature.
Dr. Emma C. Lafontaine, a young lady
who has been known as a conscientious
worker in the ranks of this order, has
been selected as the hive physician. Tha
new hive will be called Star Hive, and
many ladies who are members of tha
Eastern Star have signed the roll of mem
bership. Mrs. Lizzie Atwood has been
selected as record-keecer.
Ancient Order United "Workmen.
Last week District Deputies Cunning
ham, Blackman, Hansen, Lawton,
Knowles and Stock and Special Deputies
Malloy and Hawley, together with Grand
Recorder Spencer, were the guests at a
dinner by Grand Master Snook, who took
that method to express his satisfaction
with the work that these gentlemen have
done since he has been ln office. Unfor
tunately the grand master could not act
as host, as he was detained that night in
San Jose in a law case, but in his stead
Deputy Grand Master Edwin Danforth
presided. After the dinner there was an
informal discussion of matters connected
with the order and a great deal of valu
able information was brought out. which
will be made available for the advance
ment of the order. During the evening
the deputy grand master announced that
he will not be an aspirant for the office
he has filled for several terms. It also was
suggested that something ought to be
done to entertain the representatives to
the Grand Lodge at the next session. It
was decided to discuss that matter at a
session of the extension committee. Tha
reunion was a most pleasant one.
At a meeting of the San Francisco ex
tension committee held on the night of
the 2d Inst. there was a large representa
tion present, and reports from the various
lodges showed considerable activity ln the
line of extending the limits of the order.
Reports presented showed, that the order
will go before the next Grand Lodge with
a greater gain than was shown at tne pre
vious session. There was appointed a spe
cial committee to submit plans for an en
tertainment fcr the representatives to tha
Grand Lodge and the gTand officers dur
ing the next session. The plans will b«
discussed at another meeting, and If either
is adopted an effort 'will be made to carry
it out to a successful issue.
District Deputy Major M. J. Blackman
has announced himself as a candidate for
the office of grand overseer at the next
session of the Grand Lodge.
Franklin Lodge No. 44 was the first to
file ln the office of the grand recorder ths
names of its delegates to the Grand
Lodge. They were elected at 9 o'clock on
the night of the last meeting ln January
• and the names were presented to tbo
grand recorder at 9 o'clock the following
morning. The representatives are Will J.
Beatty and E. C. Stock.
Valley Lodge has elected the following
named as its representatives to the Grand
Lodge: James M. Camp. J. H. P. Gedge,
J. H. Grady, Charles E. Hunt. William
R. Jack. E. F. Joy, S. H. Jenner. T. K.
Lord. A. G. Lyle. John W. McCarthy. T.
H. McDonald i». D. Mullaney, James P.
Ross, James C. Sharp, S. D. Thurston and
C. E. Thurston. On the night of election
\the lodge conferred the two degrees on
one candidate.
Magnolia Lodge at its meeting last
Monday night Initiated three candidates
and received four applications. It elected
the following named as its representa
tives to the Grand Lodge: C. Brlnd. J.
I Bowman, S. Cohn. James Cunningham. S.
Isaacs. W. H. Mohrdick, George P. Wet
more and H. Stern.
Last Tuesday night Prosperity Lodffa
conferred the degrees ln the amplified
form by a team commanded by Captain,
R. H. McPheraon upon elgnt candidates.
After the lodge bad conferred the Junior
workman degree and before it was re
opened ln the workman degree there was
a recess, when the large number present
were delightfully entertained with sp«
claltles by the Waterman sisters. Then
the second degree was conferred ln fine
form, after which the lodge closed and
there was a programme of entertainment
that included a buck and wing dance by
H Douglass, fancy dance by Professor
Martin and Rosalie Lloyd, sailors' horn-
DiDe by Professor Martin and a vocal solo
by E A. Douthltt. Next Tuesday thera
will also be a programme of entertain
ment after the work, the feature of which
will be vocal selections by the Swedish
Choral Society. This lodge has elected
j C. Langendorfer.- J. G. North. S. H.
Daniels. David Keefe and Captain R. H.
McPherson Its representatives to the
Grand Lodge.
An evidence of the systematic manner
In which the work la done ln the office
of the recorder of the Grand Lodge is
apparent In the fact that when Grand Re
corder Spencer visited the Supreme Lodga
relief committee a few weeks since to
make a demand for $93,000 relief, he pre
sented 360 death proofs and all were . found
to be correct in every particular, not ona
needing correction. - ;. ?!?„?•* <n
A new lodge will soon be instituted la
Riverside County. _
Yosemlte Lodge initiated S'SESSIrr
candidates during the month of Janua^
and the Sacramento lodges Initiated twen
ty last week.
Knights of Pythias.
The new company of the Uniform Rank
tain. apqsion of the D. D. of
The ceremonial session 3UCCeas ful
K. on last Tuesday nlgnt^« un _
affair. Four wiUing vlc^m of
tamed camels <>\« r i" e and at the end of
desert in great rtiaxw an geeQ the
their Jowney. ajtcr [jey ltar , eg< they
great vizier and I the oinw * courage ln
proprtate ceremonies.
\yrrr ino solomox chapter
W' / /V of the Order of the Eastern
jr Star has arranged to give an
/\ entertainment and dance In
\\ its , locale In Franklin Hall,
"""^ Fiilmore street, on the night
* - of the 15th inst. The social
functions of this chapter have always
been of the most entertaining character,
therefore the committee In charge will ar
range this one so that it shall not fall be
low the degree of excellence of those that
have been given in the past. This chap
ter at Its meeting on the night of the 7th
Inst. had a good attendance and a number
of visitors, there being present many ma
trons and past matrons and patrons of
the local chapters. Two candidates wert.
initiated, the work of the officers, with a
few exceptions, being of the class desig
nated as excellent. That of the star of
ficers and of the conductress was unex
ceptionally good. Three candidates were
elected to receive the degree at the next
meeting. At the close of the chapter a
collation was served. After the close of
the next meeting there will be a pro
gressive euchre and hearts game. There
will also be an entertainment.
Golden Gate Chapter conferred the de
gree last Thursday night upon Miss Jen
nie Long. Miss Lottie Linnie, Mrs. Alice
A. Brown, Mrs. Anna Hackett. Mrs. AI.
H. Humphries and William Gruenhagen
in the presence of about one hundred
members of the order, including Lyman
C. and Lily C. Byce of Morning Star
Chapter of Petaluma. Mrs. Morey of M»ra
monte Chapter of Mountain \ iew
and representatives of Beuian,
Harmony, Mission, King Solomon
and Olive Branch chapters. The
officers in conferring the degree ac
quitted themselves in a manner that won
the admiration of all present. The music
during the ceremony was by Mrs. Neiue
A. Darling, the sweet singer of the order.
After the closing ceremonies there was an
adjournment to the banquet hall, where
a supper was served, after .which there
was dancing until midnight. The reunion
was one of the most pleasant of the many
pleasant ones that the chapter has had
for many months.
Mission Chapter had a well attended
meeting last night, as there were a num
ber of candidates who had been elected to
take the degree. The work of. the evening
was followed by a collation.
Harmony Chapter has elected fifteen
strangers who have been notified to ap
pear for Initiation at the next meeting of
the chapter.
Degree of the Amaranth.
At the session of Crescent Court of the
Degree of the Amaranth, held In Elks'
Hall last Monday night, there was, despite
the unfavorable weatfier, a good attend
ance of members, who assembled to see
the degree conferred on Arnold Leicbti,
Mrs. Alice F. Hlckey, Peter Hickey, Mrs.
Fannie H. Owens and Mattle Jewel Perry.
The court has elected several others,
who are to be initiated at the next ses
sion. The work was given in a most ac
ceptable manner by Royal Matron Mary
Gilmer Dunn, Herald Miss McConkey and
Conductress Mrs. Spence, the other of
ficers also coming in for a good deal of
praise for the part they took- In the cere
monies. After the close of the court all
present partook of a toothsome colla
tion. The new members made a few re
murks, each on the subject of the cere
monies they had, for the first time, taken
part in.
The grand court of this order will be
held in this city on March 13. when all
the courts of the jurisdiction will be
represented.
Odd Fellowship.
Grand Master Watson will make visita
tions as follows during the current month:
Thursday, February, 14. Joint meeting of
Rebekah lodges of Lcs Angeles: Friday,
February 15, Commercial Lodge No. 3V7,
Los Angeles; Saturday, February 16,
Westminster Lodge No. 72. Westminster;
Monday, February 18, Golden Rule Lodge
No. 160, Loa Angeles; Tuesday, February
19, East Side Lodge No. 323. East Los An
geles; Wednesday. February 20. Los An
geles Lodge No. 35, Los Angeles; Thurs
day, February a, Colonia Lodge No. 83,
Oxnard; Friday, February 22, Joint meet
ing of Channel City Lodge No. 233 and
Santa Barbara Lodge No. 136. Santa Bar
bara.
Golden Gate Encampment celebrated Its
golden Jubilee last night in Odd Fellows'
building by a grand entertainment and
dance. There was a large attendance
and It enjoyed a pleasing programme.
Abslt Invldia Lodge will give an enter
tainment and dance in Oakland next
Tuesday night. .
On the night of next "Wednesday Past
Grand Master Barnes will act as auc
tioneer in Oriental Rebekah Lodge when
there will be an auction of baskets, also
of pretty girls as partners tor dances dur
ing In the evening.
A new camp will be Instituted at Nlles
on the 16th of th« currant month.
Spartan Lodge had initiatory work at Its
last held meeting. The .work was per
formed In a very satisfactory manner
by the noble grand. C. V. Ktspert. and bis
corps of officers.
With the Druids;
Laurel Grove Xo. 17 of the United An
cient Order of Druids has completed Its ar
rangements for Its anniversary ball to be
given next Saturday night In Washington
Square Hall.
On the night of the 1st Inst. the Paat
Arches' Association paid a fraternal visit
to Norma Grove, the attendance of the
members of that branch of the order be
ing large. . Supreme - Representative E.
H. Goetze presided. During the evening
the members of Laurel Grove visited in a
body and its degree team. In a letter per
fect manner. Initiated two strangers. Two
candidates were elected to membership
and one member was reinstated. Under
good of the order President Martlnoni of
the Past Arches delivered a happy speech,
after which he introduced Past Noble
Grand Arch ex- Judge Bahrs, who delivered
the address of the evening. He was foi
lowed by other speakers and the presiding
officer, on behalf pt the grove, thanked
the officers and stated fhat a result of that
visit was the adding of new members to
the grove. A collation and other speeches
followed the adjournment of the grove
Noble Grand Arch Henry Lange -will
eoon start south on a tour of official visi
tations. He has the assurance that there
will be many initiations in the several
groves he will visit.
Newman, the baby grove at Newman at
Its last held meeting initiated five strang
ers and received ten applications. BenlcTa
Grove received two applications at it3 laat
held session. Past Arch Johnson of that
grove called at the ufflce of the grand
secretary last week ar.d stated that thero
would be several candidates to Initiate at
the next meeting. Mr. Hlgglns of Salinas
Grove Informed Grand Secretary Grave?
last week that his grove will, at Its ner-t
meeting, initiate a larre class of the
young, and best element or that place
into the grove. Past Noble Grand Arch
George .W. Lovle of Redwood Citv reports
that the groye in Redwood City during
December and Januarv initiated one can
didate and reinstated three member^
Petaluma Grove initiate three cSdatS
and received three applications at th?"S
held meeting. The grove in Loleta initlat-
M» h^H? can<51da tes *nd Oakland Grove
a n t 1 Vh a e e i d as°t n h%fd n mleTinr d an a^ Uca " on
«* B S !^ a » W e lnitlate< * two strangers
M 8 JSX». held ffi6€tlnS and ««ived two
tloVln W thT r Misslon n dTsirTcT S ° rgranIZa 
*,i5£? S oves t i lre "Ported as doln*
well, the attendance being fairly
The National TJnion.
The next of the very select and delight
ful entertainments and dances that arear
ranged by the National Union Sod" and
sin SSE \ U • " 1n< li r the oatronajre of the
San Francisco cabinet of the order will
be Riven in Odd Fellows' Hill onnS
Wednesday night under the auspices of
1 e 5?55 e H c «*™»".tee W. W. H^aley.
XU£~ d ' 3 C **. Bunting: and F. H. Hast
l^ e^i, T1 ; e C 5, al ™ an of the evening will
rm,nM? rl^, H ' BHnn of San Francisco
by dancing. Tne following are the num.
pers.to be presented on that evenlnc: Se
lections 8 to R:15. SlcheVs orchestra. <a)
march. "The Gay Tally-Ho." (b) quartet
«2 Ig0 "W J C) Caddy": 'bSJSne
solo "Just For Thine Own Sake." Tom
Nowlan; specialties. Miss Lillian Rhoads
quartet. "In Absence." Montlcello Club
?£™* te & "•S 0Tne^ tl . c Ut^ al Improvement"
(Scotch), Mrs. Rule D. Meeke: tenor solo
Carmena." Egerton Smith: quartet!
Blue and Gray." Montlcello Club quar
tet : xylophone solo. "Stars and Stripes"
J. Casad; farce "The Proposal," by John
Kendrick Bangs, a play In one act bv the
following cast: Bob Tardsley, Mr. Wilson:
Jack Barlow. Mr. Ogllvie; borothv An
> a^li ' ulnv «^ lss -»?? Jennie (a house
maid). Miss Hynes; Hicks (the coachman),
by himself.
m£ 1 th *t n f*Up* o' California Council Na
530 on the 5th Inst, TV. A. 8. Nicholson, the
FRATERNITIES.
'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
30
4-UOOM hour?; 1 block from station; modern
la all respects; n'ce l<n 40x120; a 6nap for
tsomp one; price $1400: $300 down, balance In
monthly payments of JiT. Take Be r r k ' le y
train, tret o!T at Lorin. ask for RUDOLPH.
PERKINS & LYON.
NEW. 6-room, two-story, basement, bath; all
modern: electric fixtures; tinted walls; street
work all done: right at R. R. station; this is
a snar; must be sold at once; price only ?UO0.
on your own terms; why pay rent when you
can buy a fine house like this ar.d pay for
Fame as rent? Take Uerkeley train, ret oS
Lorin station. OELLHPJCH <& PERKINS.
NEW 4-roem bay-window cottage:, high base-
ment; electric wired; large pantry, bath,
hall, etc.; all modern; 6unny side Btreft; lot
60x100; well, tank and windmill; chicken-
house and yard: price 11600; terms to suit.
OELLERICH & PERKINS. Lorin Station.
Berkeley; 2 blocks to R. R. depot: half a
block to electric car«.
storage: atvd warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH 8torage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell Eta.; tel. Main E71S.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon St.; tel. Mint 182L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND StFPPliIBS.
great^¥argains in typewriters— "W«
sell better machines for less money than any
house ln the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main 28S.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND "'Notice—^Dividend No. 18 (twenty-
flve cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Co., will be payable at the offlco
of the company. 327 Market st., on and after
Friday. February 15. 1901. Transfer books
closed Friday, February 8. 1901. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— California Wine Asso-
ciation.— Dividend No. IS of sixty cents per
chare haa been declared, and is payable on
and after Monday, February 11, 1901. at tha
Union Trust Company of San Francisco.
Etock books will close on Tuesday. February
C, 1901, at t o'clock p. m., up to which data
transfers of stock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. By order of the Board of
Directors.
HENRY VAN BERGEN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. *S. of Seventy-
five Cents HSc) per share on the Issued capi-
tal etoek of the company has been declared,
payable at the offlco of the company. 410
CaliforilUr St.. San Francisco, on February
11, 1901. Transfer books close February 4,
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 24 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Burar
Plantation Company will be payabla at the
office of the company, 327 Market it., on and
after Monday. February 11. 1901. Transfer
books close on Monday. February 4, 1S01.
at 8 o'clock. E. H. SHTCLDON. Sec.
rnRKELEY— Bargain; new modem two-story
house 10 rooms; double parlors, dining-room,
par.try. etc.. on first floor, and elx bedrooms
and bathroom on second floor: only built two
years: cost about S4S00; as owner Is leaving
Berkeley to accept a position ln Southern
California, can be bought for $2900; five min-
utes from the university: entrance on Tele-
grtph »ve. JAMES S. NAISMITII, 432
Ninth et., Oakland.
.-ROOM 2-i-tory hcuse; not far from university;
modern : let 40x100; price J1400: rM down,
fca!arce ?15 rer month. RUDOLPH. PER-
KINS & J.TO.N, Lorln Station. Berkeley.
FOR bargains ln Borkelfy or Oakland proper-
ty i;ee R. J MONTGOMERY, room % fourth
floor. Mills building:. Ban Francisco, or 467
Ninth «.. Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPISG.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 135— Large eunny bock
parlor, nicely furnished, with kitchen.
GUERRERO 305— Bedroom and parlor, with.
use of kitchen. <14; 1, single room.
HOWARD. 1063^4— Completely furnished house-
keeping rooms; electric lights, range, etc
HOWARD, 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny partly fur-
nished or unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 804— Two Bunny back rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping, $10; single room, $4.
LEAVEN"WORTH. 405, near Ellis— Housekeep-
Ing rooms; rent $12.
MISSION, $45— Front room with folding bed and
kitchen; complete for housekeeping. *
MISSION. 1061 — Two nicely furnished rooms for
I housekeeping; rent reasonable, j
OAK. 11>— Two Bucny front rooms furnished
for housekeeping, ill; basement room, J4.
OCTA VIA, 1403, • cor. Geary — Large sunny fur-
nished room, with kitchen, complete; til
PAGE, 1322-J rooms furnished for hou6ekeep-
lng.
TINE. 1436, cor. Polk— Furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms; eun all day.
POST, 1018— Sunny furnished rooms; suites and
j single; also housekeeping; private family.
j POST, 1215, cor. Van Ness— Newly furnished
house, all sunny, ln suites.
SIXTH, 13&-Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman; ¦
EM ALL shop, with 2 living rms. : suitable shoe-
maker, barber; opp. carbouse. 2000 McAllister.
TURK. 332—1 Urge housekeeping room; 1 sunny
front room for 2 gentlemen or dressmaker.
ar\VENTY-SIXTH. 4164, nr. Castro— Two fur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiilmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Parn. and Vnfnrii.
FRCITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
V ' ADVERTISEMENTS. V '^V^
I Silk Sale
Exceptional
I Commencing Tomorrow
1 We announce an event of the utmost importance to the ladies
il of San Francisco. We find ourselves stocked with too many of
1 last season's silks and as we heed the room we have put a
g quick sale price on them.
I This sale is unapproached by all others, as we have put
I such low prices on all these goods that will certainly sell them
I Here are the Prices:
I At 47c per yd.
I Fancy figured and Striped Taffetas, Brocades, Plisse,
I Crystals, Foulards, etc. — some of last seasons choicest patterns
1 which were marked $1.00 and $1.25 a yard.
I At 65c per yd.
1 Fancy Taffetas .in stripes, plaids, checks and lace effects.
I Grenadines, Crepes, and Foulards in fashionable designs that
h sold for $1.25 and $1.50 per yard.
All Our Silk Remnants
I and there are a good many of them
I At Half Price
I Choice waist and skirt lengths in Foulards, Taffetas, Fancy
I Silks, Black Silks, Grenadines, Crepe de Chene, Brocades,
EJ Evening silks, Black and White Silks, and White and Black
I Silks, all at y£ regular prices.
H Above silks now on display in our tcindows.
FOLSOM. 2016 — Rooms from S4 to $10 per month;
furnished 'or gents; private family.
GEARY.405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rmis: suites or single: travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 414A — Sunny furnished
bay-window room; rent reasonable.
GOUGH. 540. near Fulton— Large room; morn-
Ing pun; electric Ileht: tl r3 per week.
GRAND SOUTHERN. southeast corner Seventh
and MlFElon Ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON, 735 — One small furnished eunny
room; rent $4.
HOWARD, 728— Newly furnished rooms to let;
private: quiet; }4. $6 and $13 a month.
HOWARD, 822 — Newly furnished rooms, K per
month up. *
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S17*i Furnished front
room for gentleman; basement for bicycle; $7.
GOLDEN GATE ave., VOS— 2 small single rooms,
suitable for lady or gentleman: sunny.
EDDY. 814 — Large sunny suite suitable for 2
or 3 gentlemen; also single room; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 1332— Large sunny room: bay-win-
dow; hall bedroom: very reasonable.
EDDY. 532— An elegant suite of rooms; suitable
for one or two eentlemen.
CRAXD OPPORTUNITY.
Pieitner Heights Tract.
Choap*-6t lots ln Fruitvale.
Half acree and acres.
Lots $75 and upward: only $25 down, re-
mainder J5 monthly; this property possesses
great attraction for residence uees, as it com-
mands an extensive view of the beautiful scen-
ery all ercund, with the best of soil for gar-
dfnlrjr. planted with bearing fruit trees, while
the climate is genial. b^ing in the famed
thermal warm belt, free from fog. For par-
ticulars see owner, IL A. PLEITNER, Ftult-
vtue Ftation.
$S00— COTTAGE cf S large rooms, attic and
ba*<?ment; fine stable; chicken house; good
well; lot CSxllE; ;:;-j c&sli, balance $10 per
rsonth.
CwO — Cory cottage of 3 rooms and bath; high
b&eement; brick foundation; good well, wlnd-
r..::i and tank; stables; shed; chicken house;
IS fruit trees; lot 75x100: fenced.
11100— $100 cash, balance same as rent: modern
cottage of 6 rooms and bath, basement, etc.:
lot Urxl46; mu6t be sold; aa opportunity worth
Investigating.
tllf!>— House of 4 rooms; stable; Incubator
house; 10 chicken houeee; T5 chickens; 50
pigeons; large brooder house; 7 brooders; 1 In-
cubator; good horee, harness and wagon; lot
100x150: &!1 fenced.
H. A. PLEITNER.
Frultvala Station. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
The Home Building Company has. removed
its office to South bide of railroad track on
Fruitvale ave.
J1100 — House of fl\-e rooms and bath; front and
back porches; stationary washtubfe; large
chicken house; city water; lot 37:6x100;
4. blocks from Fruitvale station; will sell
40 cUckens; reasonable terms.
$330 — House of 3 rooms and basement; corner
lot. S~.xi:2: 4 blocks from elation; J100
cash, balance Sll 90 per month.
I110O— House of 5 rooms anJ bath: lot 112x112;
lurse barn; fine place for chickens; city
water.
SCOP — House of 4 rooms; lot 60rS0; good pump.
Jli<00 — Modern 5-roorn house; hardwood mantel;
bath and hlph basement; chicken houses;
two Mock? from station; good sidewalk.
$:C00— House of 8 room?, bath; larire lot; near
etation; v.e will loan you the money to
buy this j.la^c.
JSOO— Nice horr.p; 8 looms, bath: large *tabl»;
Fevfral chicken houses; city water; lot
Kx!.'.O; terms to suit.
12000 — Modern 2-story house: 6 large eunny >
rooms and bath: mantel: stationary |
washtubs; clctet la every room; 1 block
from station.
Houfs of all kinds for rent. Remember
this addrPFS.
THE HOME BtTLDINQ COMPANY.
South Side of Railroad Track,
Fruitvale ave.
¦VT. E. RUDELL, Fruitvale. Cal.
ONLY JISS for lots only a short walk from
Frultvale Ftatlon: electric cars every ten
rr.Jr.uies: city water: title perfect; easy
tenet. See H. w. DAVIS, owner, office
Fru'.tvale ave., 1 block from station.
EDDY, 430— Elegant furnished rooms; single
cr en suite; suitable for physician or dentist.
BUSH. 2133— Large front sunny unfurnished
room with grate.
CLARA. 154% — Large sunny front room; suit-
able for one or two gentlemen.
BUSH. 6M (The Elk)— Changed hands; nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated: all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
AHLBORN HOTEL. Ill Grant ave.— Best dollar
a day family hotel In city: polite attendance;
large rooms; modern conveniences; rooms 60o
up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BEFORE renting elsewhere call and get our
free list of rooms. S. F. Room Renting Bu-
reau, room 203, 927 Market et.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week/and light
housekeeping; open all night.
PARTIES having furnished cr unfurnished
rooms, apartments, flats, houses or business
property for rent, please list with us; wo
have the most perfect facilities ln the city
for securing htrh-grwde and desirable ten-
ants. ELDER Rental Information Bureau,
22 Keamy ft., first floor.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George A. Broucfcton, 25, Oxnard, Cal., and
May Livingston, 27, Los Angeles.
William M. Kempin. 28. 1506 Kentucky street,
and Lizzie A. Black. 25, 713 Elizabeth street.
Michael J. Raggett, 29, 627 Grove street, and
Josephine Morrison, 18, 115 Fell Btreet.
Herbert G. C. Atwater, 32, 418 Folsom street,
and Theresa D. Stamer. 23. 418 Folsom street.
Frans Karlson, 35, 350 Fremont street, and
Joseilne Neleen, 42, 350 Fremont street.
Robert D. Dickinson, 29, 9S9 Howard street,
and Mary M. Charlton, 20. 144 Twelfth street.
Frederick C. Oehrlng, 25. 20 Sadowa street,
and Eir.fl!a Qulnn, 37, 9 Bache street.
Charles W. J. Meyer. 41, 617 Connecticut
street, and Auguste C. Noltemeler, 29, 1431
Bush street. ¦ .. -
John Irvine, 27, 709 York street, and Josie
Ehaen, 19, 406 Clayton street.
Matthew Scott. 23. 619 Wisconsin street, and
Mary McKeon, 23, 619 Wisconsin street.
Archibald Graham. 23, Alcatraz Island, and
Caroline C. Dlrvln. 22, 1216 Howard street. .
Frederick Hartley, 2S. New York City, and
Anne B. Carroll, 34, Chicago.
Constantlne Nicol, 37, 26S Brannan street, and
Ellen Sullivan. 35, 445 Guerrero street.
Jesse' C. Rodehaver. 25, Little Rock. Ark.,
and Clara R. Wilson, 23. Fayetteville. Ark.
Richard McNamara. 40, Red Rock, Ariz., and
Annie Carroll. SO, city.
Fong Chek Tonsr, 34, 9O8V4 Jackson street, and
Yut Ling. 21, K)S>4 Jackson street.
Tung Yin Yuen. 41. Phoenix. Ariz., and
Chun Ho. 10. 904 Dupont street.
JONIZS. 410 — Nice sunny room: newly furnished;
running water; eas: central; rent J10.
JESSIE. 363. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
room, 2 beds, $*; 2 housekeeping, $9.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriare and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BONNET— In this city. February 5. 1901, to
the wife of William T. Bonney. a son.
BROWN— In thlp city* February 6. 1901. to the
wife of Dr. Philip King Brown* a son.
CAROLAN— In this city, February 6, 190L to
the wife of L. Carolan, a son.
CLARK— In San Rafael. February 5. 1901. to
the wife of Frank P. Clark, twins— a son and
a daughter.
GOYETTE— In this city, January 30. 1901, to
the wife of Joseph A. Goyette. a daughter.
LEVY— In this city. February 3. 1901. to the
wife of Alfred I. Levy, a daughter.
PERICH— In this city.' February S. 1901, to the
wife of Martin Perlch, a daughter.
POIRIER-In this city, February 3, 1901. to
the wife of E. Polrier. a son.
SPELLMAN— In this city, January 2«. 1901. to
the wife of John T. Spellman. a daughter.
STAPLINS— In this city. January 30. 1901. to
the wife of William E. Stapllna, a daughter.
THONEY— In this city, .January 9. 1901, to the
wife of William T. Thoney, a daughter.
TUCKEY— In Alameda, February 2/ 1901. to
the wife of A. R. Tuckey, a daughter.
VAN DUZEN— In this city, February 6, 1901, to
the wife of A. A. Van Duzen. a daughter.
YOUNG— In this city, February 2, 1901, to the
wife of Leonard Young, a son.
LARKIN. 10P2— Sunny furnished room; water,
gas and bath; 1 person, $3; 2, $10. Apply at
S08 Larkin et.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms. ; private: bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MINNA, 434— Large sunny nicely furnished
front room, $8; also other rooms.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished roorr.s, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NEWLY furnished front rooms. Apply 1603
Sacramento et-. cor. Larkin.
MARRIED.
ASTRUP— MALAR-In this city. February 7.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms ani
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day, wk.. ma
PINE, S33 — Three unfurnished rooms, sunny
and new; private family; adults.
PLEASANT room for gentleman ln private
Southern family; board optional; centrally
located ln Western Addition; references ex-
changed. Box 1540, Call.
ItCYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, cmoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 60; week. J2 to
$S; month, $3 to $30: elevator on ground floor,
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
KOSEDALE House, 219-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
eight, 25c to SI; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth •*...
rear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121, near 16th— Sunny furnished
front room, $3 50 per month. 'ji>»|
EUTTER. 320V4-Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: single rooms, $8: cultes. $12 to $23 mo.
THE Oliver House, 965 Folsom St.. corner of
Sixth — Furnished rooms; also housekeeping.
TURK, 803— Neatly furnished double rooms;
running water, gae. bath; rent J8, IS. $12.
TURK, 613, bet. Polk and Van Ness — 3 tunny
unfurnished rooms; $15 per month.
VALENCIA. 926— Two connecting sunny front
rooms, electric lights, running water; also
bay-wlnflow unfurnished room.
TURK, 12$— A furniehed sunny front room;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
TURK. M3 — Clean, quiet, single room for gen-
tleman ; private family; 14 50 per month.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
>CFF.CE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
tlW DOTVN. JXTFT COMPLETED.
7 rocras. Payments like rent.
F^nny home; etreet work all done; stone
va!ks laid; 7 roorr.s. porcelain bath, eliding
("ocrs. bay windows, porch, etc.; Market st..
bandy tj £are; nice location; discount for spot
ccth.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents,
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
fS2^0 — COST H500; modern home of 7 rooms; lot
ST:€xl2C: choicest eurroundlnss: central and
npar cars, schools, churches anil trains; rents
SU: owner away; mortgage JI000; a big sacri-
fice.
GEORGE TT. AUSTIN & CO..
The Exclusive Agents,
1J08 Broadway. Oakland.
BOTEL8 for sale.
I-iodg-ir-p-nouses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
EG good farms for pale; some for exchange.
l:u-:.-.. >s property paying 6 per cent net on
lr vestment.
Colony property from 3^0 to 100,000 acres.
JO- race catalogue of California home*.
fiee n. H. BUKCE for all bargains. SS2
Eroadway. Oaklar.fl.
IZW> CASH. IS r.0 monthly: Galindo Tract; fine
corner lot, 210xl?6.S0 for t?75; Ktiwt macadam- ;
Ized; larjje ehado tr^es and shrubbery; excel- ;
lent soil; grand view; superb eliir.ate; no fops
nor raw winds; this a rare property and at
one-half Its value: no finer property for a de-
tlrable home; adjoining l^Ft Oakland, close
to etcam local; enly on* block from electric
car llr.ee; come aad let us show you this
home Bite; nice heme surrounding; call or
uml for circular. 455 Seventh et., opposite
Broadway Elation. Oakland. II. Z. JONES,
owner.
HOTEL FOR BALE OR EXCHANGE.
In »;mail town, 70 miles from San Francisco;
60 rooms, bar and dining room, all furnished;
larce grounds; living spring, windmill acd
barn; near lartre factory; quarter of a mile
from drpot; I4W; half down or will take
Oaklerrt cr San Francisco property. KING'S
Real Estate, 4S7 Ninth st., Oakland.
|1MO— TWO cottages for sale; rents $1S pTr
month: Center et-: good Income property;
pays It iier e«"nt.
ALI5EN & CO.. 111S Broadway.
A SACRIFICE; 1 Mick from main street and
leading hot»l of Oakland; lot 75x100; corner
Ninth and C!ay ets.; b'.ggeet bargain ln Oak-
land; J12.O0O; worth st least S16.<MO; must s»ll
Rt one*, n. k. McDonald & co.. <ts
JONES— In the City and County Hospital,
February 9, 1901, George I. Jones, a native
. of New Brunswick, aged 66 years. •
JONES— In this city, February 9, 1901. George
James, beloved hu»band of the late Elizabeth
Jones, and father of Mrs. Rebecca Taylor
and John and Mamie Jones, a native of
New South Wales, aged 65 years.
KYSER— In Napa, Cal.. Ella A., beloved wife
of D. S. Xyiser, mother of J. G.. Frankle and
Marcie Kyser, and lister of Mrs. Charles
Weltl, aged 43 years.
[CTFuneral this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, at N"ar>a.
LENNON— In this city. February 9, 1901. Ger-
trude M., beloved daughter of the late John
and Elizabeth Lennon. and dearly beloved
sister of James K.. Bailie F. and Ella O.
Lennon. Mrs. James. F. Conlan and the late
Lizzie Lennon, a. native of San Francisco.
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
LONG— In Oakland, February 8. 1901. John,
beloved husband of Bridget Long, a native
of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 65 years.
(ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1565 Chestnut street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
MCGREGOR— In this city, February «. 1901.
Josephine A. McGregor, beloved mother of
Mrs. T. T. Townsend, Mrs. A. Mathleu and
Gustave J. McGregor, a native of New Or-
leens. aged 62 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which
will take place to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 831 Pine
street, thence to Notre Dame des Vlctolres
French Church, Bush street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
McGUIRE— In this city, February 8. 1901, Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late John McGulre.
mother of Bart, John, James and Alice Mc-
Gulre. Mrs. w. J. Eaian, Mrs. J. J. Ma-
honey and Mrs. F. I. Devlin, a native of
County .Ca van. Ireland, aged 64 years.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 208 Grove street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Nees avenue, where a . re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MACK— In thl» city, February 7, 1901. John
August, beloved husband of Annie Mack, and
father of Willie, Llllle, John, Lena, Annie
and Mary Mack, a native of Wurtemberg.
Germany, aged 69 years 7 months' and 28
days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MANN— In this city, February 9. 1901. Charles
Herbert, husband of M. K. Mann, and father
of Mrs. A. Howard Turner, a native of Ran-
"*dolr>h, Mass.
C7" Friends and acaualntancea are respect-
fully Invited to - attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors of the First Unitarian Church, corner of
Geary and Franklin streets. Interment pri-
vate. Kindly omit flowen.
MAYER— In Sonoma. February 6, 1901, Jacob
O. Mayer, beloved father of Jacob F. Mayer,
and brother of L. W. Mayer of Sonoma, a
native of WurtemberB:, , Germany, a*ed 85
yean and 13 days. ' .
IE7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this diy
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and ' Eighth. Interment ' Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital,
February 8. 1801, Daniel Murphy, a native of
New York, aged 47 years.
O'CONNOR— In this city. February 8. 1901.
Mary, beloved wife of the late Jeremiah
O A K L AM) HO LSES TO LET.
t!2— EAETLA1C1" cottage, 5 rooms; nil modern-
cloff (o Market et.
$35— Furnished cottage of S rooms.
$16— Cottage. C rooms; right on Broadway.
!30— Hcuse of 8 rooms; Castro st.
516— Cozy modern fiat; handy to narrow-
Eaut'e tuition: to b* vacant roon.
CEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
The House Renters,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND Ftll.MTL'UB I"Clt SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the
furnifire <I»»al»r. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
IIOOMS FOIt I1OI*EKKEI'I.\C.
DOPXAND, Co. off Ouerrero. nr. 17th — 2 nicely '
furr.lfhed front rrr.a. ; light housekpg.; $12.
ELLIS. 420— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping and others; bath, gas, telephone.
ELLIS. 424 — Newly furnished flat S rooms com-
plete; aleo 1 rocms complete for housekeepg.
ELLIS. C21— Front suite; 3 rooms; newly fur-
Ti!fc>iod for heavy housekeeping; gas.
ELLIS. 11*>— 3 *l<rgant unfurnished rooms for
hr-uyekeeplng; also high eunny basement; no
children.
FIFTH. 303—1 furnished housekeeping room. $3;
also E'ng-le rocme. $:> to $6.
rOLSOM, BE. cor »tii— Fine eunny rooms for
llpht housekeeping; also single from 14 up.
DEARY. C91— Bunny furnlehed housekeeping and
other roomg; gas; bath; rent reasonable.
GEABT. 192J— Bunny floor. 3 furnished house-
keeping rooroe; bath; yard.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. U03H Broadway, cor, 12th st., Oak-
land. top floor; MRS. M. C, ROBINSON.Prop.
ROOMS with board, bath, gas, $1S. 120; private
family; gentlemen only. HOVl McAllister.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 41S
First «t.
ROOMS WASTED.
YOUNG couple wish 1 sunny room with tmall
adjoining apartment; light housekeeping;
centrally located: about 111. Box 1566. Call.
LADY with two children deslre3 one or two
furnished or unfurnished rooms; vicinity
Stockton and Chestnut sts. Box 1573, Call.
TWO unfurnished eunny housekeeping rooms.
by man and wife; N. of Market: central; ref-
erences. Address box 1519. Call office. ¦
STABLES TO LET.
2 STALLS to rent; Eighth and Hearne sts.;
SS and $12 month; stalls, yard, sewer connec-
tion?; two stories. HOWARD H. HOGAN.
104 Pine st. -_
TURK. Cl>— Stalla to let.
SPECIAL 1VOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal P11U
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4e stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drue-
giEts. Chlchester Chemical Co., PhlladeL, Pa,
BAD tenant" ejected for |4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
WAGNER'S Institute for Physical Culture and
Massage. 143 Stockton, r. 22; tel. James 1581.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, cold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 191S Mission. nr.Uth.
ALL kinds bought, told, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
HOUGHT, sold, - rented, repaired; needle* and
Ehuttlcs; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 6.
1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Hagen F.
Astrup and Maria Malar.
ATWATER— SXAMER— In this city. Februaiy
9. 1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Herbert O. Atwater and Theresa Stamer,
bcth of San Francisco.
HILDEBIUNDT- HEINZ— In this city. Feb-
ruary 3. 1301. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng.
Adolph H. Illldebandt and Lizzie A. Heinz.
IKENBERG^BERNHARDY-In this city, Feb-
ruary 7. 1901, Isldor Ikenberg and Hattlo
Uernharfij'.
MEIER-NOLTEMEIER-In this city. Febru-
ary 9, 1S01, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Charles W. J. Meyer and Auguste C. Nolte-
meier. both of San Francisco.
_____ DIED. "
. Bunemann. Matilda Mann, Charles H.
Cheffers, Alfred B. Mayer, Jaccjb G.
Duenwald, Mrs. M. Murphy, Daniel
Evers. Julius J. O'Connor. Marv
Flgel. Isabel E. Oldag. Elisabeth
Ganso. "William H. Olsen. John
Hawthorne. Alex'der I'aulfon. Paul
Hlpps, J. Plunkett. Hannah
Jones. George I. Reed. Bridget
Jones, George J. Reed. James
Kyser. Ella A. Ryan. Edward
Lennon. Gertrude M. Echwed. Eva
Lone John • Tay, Charles F.
McGregor. Josephine Tobey, Jennie
McGulre. Bridget Toby, Mrs. Fanny
Mack, John A. Wynne. Daniel
BUNEMANN — In this city. February 8, 1901,
Matilda Hunt inann. only daughter of Meta
Bunemann, and sister of William and Ed-
ward Bunemann, a native of San Francisco.
' i il 33 years 9 months and 12 days.
P7"I"riends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her brother. 932 Hayes street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
CHEFFERS— In this city. February 7. 1901.
Alfred Ii. CheiTers, a native of England, age.1
4G years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, Charles Cheffers. 16 Rincon
place. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
DUENWALD— In this city, February 8, 190L
Mrt. Marie Duenwald, dearly beloved mother
of Frank H. and Henry W. Duenwald, Mrs.
Georira Younsr, Mrs. Peter Young: and the
late Charles F. Duenwald and Minnie L.
Jaeck, a native of Coblenz. Germany, aged
73 years 8 months and 26 days.
> £7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 120 Valparaiso street, off Jones, be-
tween Filbert and Greenwich. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
EVERS— In Oakland, February 9. 1901, Julius
J., beloved husband of Auguste Evers, • son
of Henry and Mary Evers, and brother of
Henry. Albert and Carl Evers, a native of
Oakland, aged 27 years 2 months and 29 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, February 12, at 2 o'clock, • at the
hall of Athens "Parlor No. 195, N. S. G. W.,
1156 Washington utreet. Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
F1GEL— In this city, February 8. 1901, Isabel
Eve Flgd. dearly beloved wife of Joseph
Flcel, and loving mother of Philip I.. Fred
II. and Theodore Flgel, a native of New
York City, tged 61 years 1 month and 6
days.
(ETFuneral services will be held this dav
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Hotel Lang-
ham, corner Ellis and Mason streets. Inter-
ment Home of P.eace Cemetery, by special
train from Third and Townsend streets at 3
o'clock.
GANSO— In this city, February 9, 1901, Wil-
liam H., dearly beloved son of Peter and
Jennie Ganso. and brother of Harry and
Theresa Ganso. a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years and 2 months. .
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 1513A Mission street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by carriage.
HAWTHORNE— In this city, February 8, 1901.
Alexander Hawthorne, dearly beloved son of
Bertha and the late Edward Hawthorne, and
beloved brother of Fred, Edward Jr.. Arthur.
Alfred, Bertha and Nathaniel Hawthorne and
Mrs. Thyra Crane, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 7 months and 26 days.
' C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 2001 San Jose road, near
Ocean House Road. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from resi-
dence.
HIPPS— In the City and County Hospital.
February 9, 1901. J. Hipps. a native of CaJi-
fornla. aged 33 years. - - •¦.'-. ¦ . :
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 19. ¦>•,¦¦•
O'Connor, mother of John O'Connor and Mrs.
Frank Johnston, grandmother of Frankle ani
Etta Johnston, and mother-in-law of Frans:
Johnston, a native of Ross Hill, parish of
Caetlegar. County Galway, Ireland, aged 56
years 4 months and 20 days. (Boston, Mass.,
papers please copy.)
ityFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Company. 20 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser-
vices. - commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
• ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OLDAG— In this city. February 9. 1901. Elisa-
beth Oldag. beloved daughter of Charles and
the late Freda Oldag, and sister of August
Oldag, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence. 1131 Buchanan street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
OLSEN— In this city, February 6. 190L John,
beloved husband of Annie M. Olsen. and be-
loved father of Thora, John and Henry Olsen,
a native of Norway, aged SS years 5 months
and 29 days.
C7Frl«nds and acquaintances and members
of the Scandinavian Society are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day (Sun-
day), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late residence,
106 Eureka street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery,' via electric car from Eighteenth
and Eureka streets, at S:15 o'clock.
OFFICERS and members of Scandinavian So-
ciety— You are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late member, John Olsen, this
day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from 106 Eu-
reka street, near Elshteenth. By order of
CHARLES ARMSTRONG. President.
C. A. ANDERSON. Secretary."
PAULSON— In this city. February 7, 1901.
Paul Paulson, beloved cousin of Nils Swan-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 34 years and
25 days.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
PLUNKETT— In this city, February 8. 1901,
Hannah Plunkett, beloved mother of Mamie.
Kate. Lilian and Margaret Plunkett. a na-
tive of Galway, Ireland. <
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from -her late resi-
dence, 1918 Central avenue, thence to St.
Domtnlc'B Church, Steiner street, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
poee of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
REED— In this city. February 8, 1901. Bridget,
beloved wife of Michael need, and mother of
James;, Lizzie. Mattle, Frances, Laura and
Arthur Heed. Mrs. J. W. Porter. Mrs. T. J.
Sherry and Mrs. D. C. Crowley, a native of
Limerick. Ireland, aged 51 years 11 months
and 21 days. (Oregon and Pennsylvania pa-
pers pi wise copy.)
(T7FTiendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend < the funeral this day
. (Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3222 Eighteenth ' street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REED— In Oakland. February 9, 1901, James,
beloved husband ot Mary Reed, and father
of Maggie, - Lonte. George, Lottie and Frank
Reed, aged 57 years 6 months and 6 days.
[OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Alcatraz
Hall; Peralta .street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Oakland. Services under the aus-
pices ¦ of Golden. Gate Lodsre • No. 30; F. and
A. M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, February 9. 190L Eflward.
dearly beloved husband of Annie Ryan, be-
loved father of Maggie. Thomas, Rosa. Min-
nie, Agnes and'Katy Ryan, and only brother
of Georce Ryan, a native of Boston, Mass..
aged S3 years 11 months and 1 day. A mem-
ber of Alpha Lodge, A. 0. > U. W.
It7Frlends ahd Acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from ¦ his late resi-
dence. 1356 Dolores street, thence to St.
Paul's . Church, . corner ¦• Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cro?9 Cemetery. "-*' . ¦
SCHWED-ln this city. February 9. 1901, Eva
Schwed. *eloved mother of Mrs. Henry Froh-
man of San Francisco, Mrs.. Edward Rosen-
thai of San Juan. S. A.; and Mrs. Dr. Julius
Kepes of Budapest, a native Of Tauberbisch-
ofshelm. Baden, aged 64 'years and 5 months
- C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S601 Clay street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third • and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers. ; -. - - . . ¦ .-_ t
TAY— In this city. February 8, 1901. Charles
Fox : Tay. a native of ¦, California, aced M
years and 3 months. . ¦* ~
Ity Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this daV
(Sunday), at 2 , o'clock. Trora his late tmY
dence. 1967 PUw ; street. Please omit floweri*
TOBY-In t'Als aity. February. J. 1M1 j!™'
Fanny Toby, a native of New York
TOBET— In this city. February 9. 1901 T- nt ,i.
Tobey. a native of New.Tork. aged 68 v£5L
WYNNE— In Vallejo. February 9 1901 rJLJVT
beloved husband of the : late Anne wt nle1 '
and father of Mrs. E. O'Nelfl. M« I W Ry "*'
eon. Mrs. Annie Brown.. Mrs. M7o : Nelli »^Th
Mary I.. Agnes C. and John H WynL -
month,: 0 ' , Irelaad '. aKed »%«nr!W- 10
fu'KSS 1 -
Church, where a solemn hl»h ncent "
win be celebrated foTthe reposeTf '1? tnaa , s
Interment St. Vincent" Cto?S!t, ot hla . B °"l-
nu'rn&r"
fas? a- - BB^mm
The homes that we fur-
nish with Carpets, Lino-
leums, Cur, ains etc., are the
ccziest; homes in San Fran-
cisco to-day.
We make a specialty of
his particular business-
study your needs and how
test to fill them.
: O.ir store is large— plenty
of room and lots of 'light
You can see just how goods
look before you buy.
SchJiictcg
215-217 Sutter St., Above Kearny. -
. * • - . ¦ - - 1 -
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELEY REAL ESTATE.There was a very good Saturday's business
on the Bond Exchange, bonds selling especially
well. The sugar stock? were firm and Paauhau
was higher at $32 S7*4«33. Gas and Electric
was hlKher at $47 751; IS - and Spring Valley
Water at $03®P3 23.
The oil stocks wen? enly moderately a'ctlve
and quotations showed no noteworthy change.
The Continental Oil Company will pay a
dividend of 3 per cent for the quarter ending
April 20. , .
Sales on the Oil . Exchanire during the week
amounted to 138,351 shares, valued at $108,371.
The largest transactions were . 13.430 shares
Aetna. 24.125 Four Oil. 34,318 Petroleum Center,
8050 Reed and £010 Lion.
The following dividends will b« payable to
morrow: Paauhau Sugar, SOc: Giant Powder,
75e; California Wine Association. 60c; Pacific
Gas Improvement. ; 30c.
A dividend of $1 per share In liquidation Is
now. payable .• by .the Merchants' Exchange
Bank. ,
STOCK AND. BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Feb. 9—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS,
t Bld.Afk.1 Bld.Ask.
U S 4s coup...ll3H114',i|US 4s ep(nei<r)l37U137Vv
Do 4s reg: 113!4tl4Vi, Do Ss coup.HOVilll'i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. I
Bay.C P/Co 5slO5. 105',$ Oak W Co 5s. — ,102*1
Cat-st Cab.5s.116 ,— , Oceanic SS Ss.lO?*,!!^^
C C Water 5s. 107H — Om C R «a....l2S —
Kd»L &--P 6s. ISA — Pac O Imp 43.100 —
F & Cl Ry. 6s.H4}a'— ": Pk & Cl R fci.105" -'-i-'
Geary-st R 5;«. — — Pk & O R 6s.— —
Haw C 5Us..lCSVi — Powell -3t R 6sl20% —
Do. 5s IO4* 4 — '. S E O & R So —100
L A;R R 5s..ll2^i — S'K,& SJV 6sl2«Hil21
LA Lti 6s... — ¦•"— 8 R of Cal 6s.llO — •
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 SP,of Ai63..111T;ii2i4
- Do gntd 5s.. - ¦- S P'C 6s (1305)
L-AR6s 101«4 — . Series A ....U0%— •
Markt-st C 6s.l28 — , Do (Series B)lll',- —
Do 1st c 5s. .123 — Do (1906) 113 111
STOCK MARKET.
LONDON, * Feb.'r J.^Consols, 96 13-i«;, sjlver.
28 8-16d; French. rentes., 102f 25c. .Wheat cargoes
on paasace, S easier .and neglected ; . cargoes No.
1 ' Standard 'California,'. 23s Sd ; ' cargoes ' Walla
Walla,' 28a 9d; English country markets; quiet.
Foreign 'Markets.
LONDON.! Feb. t.-The first series of the
1901 auction sales closed to-day with offerings
cf 9231 bales; of desirable (Trades. Including
grobd new i clips. Competition was . brisk and
all but the best scoured sold at full rates
Superior gretsy was m sellers* favor. Cross
bred* were firm ¦ • and - sold, readily. Several
parcels of . "rood ; greasy,, were withdrawn to
await better prices.. .The sales were weir at
tended. Buyers- were present from all sec
tions. -The sale 'as ft 'whole generally closed
better, with the established level of values
maintained. .- The "arrivals? for the second series
number 120.821 bales, including- 47,000 bales for
warded ' direct. ' . \ .; , ,,,
London Wool Sales.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.-Cotton . closed ste*dy.
two points higher. • v
NEW YORK, Feb^ 9.— Business In the metal
market was of . a small .volume to-day with
prices scarcely -varying «. hair's breadth dur
ing? the short session. >. r> usual there were no
cable advices . to work from and prices remain
on the whole nominally unchanged as follows*
Pisrlron ¦ warrants. $9 BOS 10 60; Northern
foundry. $15@16 60; Southern foundry, $14 so®
15 75.- and soft Southern, $13@15 75. Lead
$4 37V4. • Bpelter, $3 90®3 95. Copper. $17 tor
Lake Superior and $lA%c for casting and eleo
trolytlc. Tin. $26 15@26 «.
New' ; York Metal Market.
SATURDAY. Feb. 9-12 ra.
STOCKS. pieid. I Asked. •
Aetna •••.•• — ?>
Buckhorn - 3 £>
RlackJack ••• - 1»
Itear Flag — «
California Standard 3i <
Caribou .. ....................... 7^ 80>
Central First Consolidated 2 40 2 t>5
Central (Los Angeles) 1 . 100 -
Century — «>
Continental — 9»
El Dorado * !•> 2 23
Four • °» „.«»
Hanford ••• - «SW
Kanford. Fresno. Kern River.. 3 1 ) 34
Home 4M <»
Homestake — H> J»
Independence- li J
Junction « **
Kern ~* " "H
Kern River IS 3.^ 13 ft)
Lion Oil Co X J»
McKittrick 30 3->
McKittrlck Ccfnsolldated — 1 ¦
Monarch of Arizona 83 . 88
Monte Cristo 2 « * 22
Occidental (of West Va) «3 <0
Peerless — 9 c<>
Plttsburo: ?<> —
Reed Crude • «7 — '
H ex — 75
San Joaauln O & D Co 12 75 13 00
Senator 2 00 2 23
Sterling O & D Co 3 30 3 3a
Sunset OriKinal 38 • Jl S
Thirty-Three OH 12 *> 13 W»
Twenty-Eight 2 20 2 W%
Westlake '2 —
Westshor© - * fO
Wolverine.... 1 S^H 1 «*
Yukon »* I ** .
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
Mornlntr Session.
SW) Andes ..'. 0!> 200»> Mexican 31
$00 Belcher 20! m Occidental 07
300 Best <t Belcher. 34, &) Ophlr 90
700 Beef t Belcher S3! 100 Ophlr 91
SOO Caledonia ""»! 3flfl Ophir 93
500 Challenge '..... 2^ inf;O Ophtr 93
100 Challenge 21 ; 400 Ophlr SI
1100 Chollar : 12 200 Overman 15
900 Con Cal & Va-1 75r 5W> Savage Zi
1450 Con Cal & Va.l 70} SOO Sierra Nevada. 33
1000 Con Imperial .. 0:|110(> irnion, Con SI
70.1 Gould & Curry 47J 100 Union Con .... 33
700 Mexican 2-J ;._- ji A'-' r : '»
The following were the sales in the Pasiflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher ..20,1200 Mexican 13
300 Best & Catcher 32 200 Ophlr 95
300 Best "& Belcher 33 100 Ophlr $4
800 Best & Belcher 35 200 Ophlr 94
300 Best & Belcher 34 400 Ophir 93
200 Challenge Con. 21 900 Ophlr »2
500 CholUr 131 5(10 Overman M
200 Con Cal & Va.l 63 i.500 Sierra Nevada. 2rt
810 Con Cal & V.I «7H 500 Sierra Nevada. 21
1500 Con Cal A Va.l 70 M© Silver Hill ... 44
500 Con Cal & V.X 72^ 4<K> Union Con .... 31
200 Crown Point... V5 500 Yellow Jacket. 15
400 Mexican 3".! 5C0 Yellow Jacket. 11
2o0O Mexican Si!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Feb. 9—12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha M M Jastlco 07 0«
Alta 03 Oi Kentuck ftl 03
Andes 09 10 I-ady Wash .. — 62
P^lcher 18 W Mexican 13 24
«e?t & Belcher 32 34 ¦ Occidental 06 07
I million 02 MiOphir 93 94
Caledonia 79 81'Overman IS IS
Challenge- Con. 23 2l,Pot«st 10 H
Chollar ........ It 12 Savase IS 21
Confidence 70 * 74 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l «*) 1 «¦> Se* Belcher .. 01 03
Con Imperial.. 01 OS Sierra Nevada. 19 21
Con New Tork 01 021 Silver Hill .... 44 45
Crown Point. 0 15 W St. Louts 05 19
Eureka Con M, — .(Standard 4 20 4 25
Exchequer — OtSiSyndlcate — 09
Gould & Curry 47 4S Union Con .... 29 80
Hale & Norcrs 23 23 Utah *. M 09
Julia "03 — iTellow Jacket. 13 U
CHICAGO. Feb. 9.— The bearish sentiment of
the wheat crowd manifested Itself at the open
ing of the market. They were inclined to be
somewhat skeptical over recently reported ex
port business and to attach Importance to the
moderate temperature and Enow covering en-
Joyed by the v.heat belt, conditions which have
obtained for some da.ys. as well as to needless
confirmation of reports that half of. the Min
neapolis flour capacity will fall Into temporary
disuse Monday. The fact was ignored that Liv
erpool was comparatively steady and that
Northwestern receipts looked light against last
year's.
May opened VifffHc to H'ff'/ic lower,, at 74%@
H*iC) commission houses selling and bears ham
mering against the pHcej • Considerable wheat
was dumpedout during *the first few minutes,
but the selling pressure -was not long sustained.
Influential bulls, who, have been. buying on alt
soft spots, came to the market's aid and prices
steadied. Shorts covered . latfrr .on : sash sales of
ICO.vOO bushels and In sympathy with the corn
strength, "forcing -May up. to 74%ic The close
was steady and unchanged at'T4^i®74*4c.
Corn experienced a narrow but strong market.
May closed- %«rV*c \Tp* at Z9\-»(fZ9iic. '
' Oats were, dull and narrow, May closing a
shade depressed at Jo^ie. ¦ ' : '¦¦ •:
Provisions ruled dull and' steady,. offerings be
ing scarce In sympathy with the corn strength.
After fluctuating narrowly the market • closed
2»<4c higher all around.
Note— There will be no session of the Board
of Trade Tuesday. Lincoln's birthday. : >¦
.The leading futures ranged aa follows:.
Articles — .• - Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3— - : .' .
February 72U 72»i ' 72V t .72*4
• March 72", , 73Vi . , 72?, 73*4
May 74% .74**' -.1t\i .. 74?,
Corn No. S— . •'¦-•;. : -
February ....> 37 • . 37U 37 3"U
March 37?i •• ¦¦ Zl\ r »7?4 -,.« 37»i
May ........ .A?.'...' 33 39>-i 33 ' 39V4
"Oats No? 2-7' " • '¦'¦ ¦" ''.'•-
February ....'.:' ...'.' '.:..' ¦'.... 24H
May 25H ' 25H 25>,i 25Vi
• Mess Pork; per barrel — •- •¦ ; . ,
February .......... ....- ..... ..... 13924
May ...... ;V. .-.:... .13 97H 14 CS 1 13 S7H 14 02H
Lard, per 100 'pounds— .
February .....:..:. ..... '.:.. .... ' '743
March .... •...:.„.;:.%,: 7 45
Mayi......:..'...'...; T 50 • . 7 62.4, . 7 50 ; 7 52^
Short Rib*, per 100 pounds-*- .
February 6 95 6 97Vi « !>5 "6 9714
May ..7 00 7 05.. 700 703
Cash quotations were as follows:
' Flour, - dull; winter patents, $3 60@3 80;
straits, |3 20@3 55: clears. $2 70@3 30: spring
specials. $4 23^4 30; patents, $3 60@3 80;
straights, $3 10@3 40; bakers', $2 20^2 60: No.
3 spring wheat. 65^71c; No. 2 red, 73H@74^c:
No. 2 corn, 37»4c; No. 2 yellow. 37H=; No. 2
oats, 25'.Jf?25%c;, No.,-2 .white. 27Vic;No. 3
white. 26H«?27V4c:VNo. 2 rye, 50it®51c: good.
.feeding barley, 51c;, fair to choice malting, 53
©¦64c; No. .1. Rax seed, $1 60; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 60: prime timothy seed, Jl DO; mess
pork, per barrel. J13 S.-.VTI3 30; lard, per 10>!
pounds, $7 424©? 45; short, ribs sides (loose),
JC 9j@7 13: dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6U«
GHc; short clear sides (boxed), $7 15®7 25;
whisky, basis .of high wines,, $l 27; clover,
contract' grade. 1 - $11 25C11 CO. " -•
'¦ Articles— . . . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel* ..:..... 38,000 33.000
Wheat, bushels .............;. 68.000 • 82.000
Corn, bushels. 215,000 '58.00t>
Oats, bushels ..' 198.000 \ 167.0OO
Rye. bushels 3.000 9.00.1
Barley, bushels ' . 7,oo<)
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Rutter
market was- quint. Creameries, 14©21c; Dairy,
HV4@lSc. • Cheese,, dull, 10Vi@H%c. Eggs.
j quiet, 13«,S®19c. . ¦ ' . ,. , . _ ;,
- Foreign Futures.
¦ LIVERPOOL :•'¦
Wheat — . • . March. Mar.
Opening 5 11V4 6 U*i
Closing S 11H 5 11»:
PARIS.
! Wheat— • Feb. Apr. -May.
Opening 19 20 , so 33
Closing, 19 23. 20 35;
Flour— :
Opening 24 50 26 10
Closing 2155 . 26 15
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Nominally steady.'- Good to prime steers. $5@6;
poor -to medium, $3 40@4 85;' stockers and feed
ers, $2 75(g'4 50: cows, $2 565J4 15; heifers, 52 8.1W
4 40; canners. $1 90<?2 50; bulls, $2 S5@4 23; calves
$406 15: Texas fed steers, $4®fl SO: Texas Kra's
steers. $3 25(S4: Texas bulls, $2 50®3 CO.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. .26.000;. Monday. 38 000
estimated v left , over. 2000. Opened weak to Be
lower, closing Stronger. Top, $5 40; mixed and
butchers. tfo 25if|5 40; good' to choice heavy; $5 30
@5 40; rough heavy, $5 15@5 40; light, $5 15®
5 37^4: bulk of sales, $f» 30®5 35. . • «
. SHEEP— Receipts. 1500. Steady. Good to
choice wethers, $3 3094 40; fair to choice mixed
$3 50®4; Western sheep, $3 9004 40; Texas sheet)'
$2 50@3 60; native lambs, $4 5Ca5 25: Western
lambs, }5@5 25.
Local Bank Clearings.
The local Bar* Clearings ? or the pa*t week
•J»oust*d to |1S,S44,736. against $16,879,750 for
its use week last year.
Treasure Shipment.
Tt« Dorie took oct a remarkably small tr«s-
Br» list, amotmting to only J1C2. and consist
ing^ of $ai2 in Mexican dollars and $310 In gold
Coin Certificates.
Goirernmer.t coin certificates in circulation
January Si wtre as follows:
5*? ld $1S4.S«^SS9 $2o7.9is!709
gllver 3S«.618.O45 419 739 322
Treasury M.016,740 £S.0»lis31
Total Jf.67.418,C74 1735,747.662
The National Cashbox.
The statement of cash In the United States
Trparary for February 1 Is classified as follows:
Reserve Pund —
G-M coin and bars $150,000.000 00
Tru*t Fund —
Gold coin «>"5 557 <>74 (v)
Pilvfr dollars \\\\\\\ Ji^/OO 00
ftlver tars of I«?t i4.SC3 2S7 00
Silver Imr* of JV90 3 4*4 713 0->
United State* notes SS5OOO 00
Oenerai Kund—
OoM coin and bars M.433.C74 43
Oi 14 certificate* 17.75Q.S70 ©0
Silver certiflcAtes K."s."7i678 00
Filver- dolls-rm ; 6.5J0 3«7 Oj
Filver bullion 3.«1«,314 14
United States noten 12.C31 €1* 00
Treasury notes of 1S50 l«fi.l£3 00
National hark note* 13.4fl!t7S '.%
rVactior.a] filver coin €.505.826 37
FVactiona.1 currency 130 43
Minor coin 600,503 42
Miscellaneous 28,fS6 30
National Bank repositories—
rYedit Trt-B^urer L". S J1.373.S41 SS
Credit V. S. Disb. Officers S.983.O4 18
Total .-$1,134,472,931 93
Goicrnmcnt Income and Outgo.
Kpr the r.rst b*v»ji month.* o? the fiscal year
the Govemnicst receipt* compare as follows :
1R39-00. 1900-01.
Oustom* $1S5.9S1.75O $140,458,020
Internal reA-enue 175.0Sl.rs2 l««,024.572
Mirceilaaeous 21.739.82S 1»,<»91.27O
Total ISXSQ5.Cn $339.3S1,862
.The dlEburtements for the same interval com
pare sji follows:
1«.«?-O0. 1900-01.
O!v« 164.274.397 I74.271.1SS
Wax K9.S3.M54 S3.S4S.601
Navy ZS.VA.n* 34.774.0SO
Ir.(!itss i.922.('92 «.700.8««
PeneHns f2.ltO3.9m £2.174.»»J
Interest 27.373.4«3 21.407.037
Total $302,535,140 i.313,175,642
Dried Fruit in Nczv York.
Hail reports from New Tork say:
"Beycnd a picking up In the Jobbing demand
fcr prunes and & fair activity In California
loose ralsirs at a lower ranw of prioea, the
rr.sj-ket !a»t w«k ras dull. The trade In prunes
while confined aJmost entirely to email Job
bing onJers, nevertheless totaled up quite fair
proportions. Some dealers report a very good
terras 1 .*- business. £ises C0-70s axe becoming
ecarw, t- i the quotations on" these goods pos
f!bly may a<J% arice. There is a good inquiry
also for IMtts, 70-EOs and 40-^.
"Sever&l mrn of Califorr.la loose Muscatel
raisins char.g»~a har.!.» durlnr the week. The
*-crowns rold, accordlnic to reports, at around
fitc net. At the close there wera offerings at
D t ac. Two-crnwn is said to be practically
cleaned up. Other sorts of raisins are little
wanted. Imported being particularly dull. Cur
rams are quiet, but a slightly better Jobbing
Inquiry was noted la.t«?r in the week for better
grades In barrels. Poor stuff is very ea*y.
Dates are eafier. Apricots, pea.cb.ee, pears a*id
apples are Quiet."
Weather Report.
O2Wb Merifllan-Paclflc Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Feb. %-i p. m.
The fcHowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
£aie. as compared with those of same date
ltrt season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
fctmrs:
I La*t I This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours! Season. Season. '
Hureka .... j 85.15
RK5 Bluff i 19H 1523-
Ftcramer.to j U.'i 12.63 >
Fan FYancisco 14.E3 14.67
Frtfno 04 '„ ».3» «.1S
Inier^ndenre ...... Trace | 4.S3 2.09
ran Lu'.s Ob!spo.».. .11 I T6.6S 12.50
Los A rifles...., 20 13.53 4.C7
Ban IUfgo :.... 2.2S 1 8.M I 2.65
Bar. Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
t3; minimum, 3S; mean, 46.
WEATHEH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FOIIECAST.
The rtor-m over Southern California on Sat
t:rCay ha» S>een forced slowly southward and Is
r.ew ov»r <he upper portion of Lower Califor
nia. It will probably recurve south Of En
*»na£a and pa*? eastward over the Gulf of
California and Bonora. 1'nuFually "hejivy rain»
Ihave fallen j.long the Mexican boundary. At
gan DSeRo during the i>ant thirty-six hours
2.7S Inches have fsllen. Heavy rain is re-
I>crtt-d at Turr.a and also Negates.
The t«np»-r.-.ture has fallen over Sfwthern
California and Nevada and has risen over
Northern CaMfornia. From I\)int Conception
f*-uthward th« temi>eratures are from 19 to
12 degr»*» below the normal, iiastbound trav
•tiers by #outhera routes are warned of heavy
rains, with »now In the mountains.
For*^a«t made et Ban Francisco for thirty
hours endinit rcifinight, Fc-bruary 10 1901-
N'orthern* <"alifornia— Fair Sunday, with." frost
In the mom'.nr; Increasing cloudiness at night •
Ji*ht northerly winds, charring to easterly '
Southern California— Fair Sunday, with heavy
frort in th» morning; ligt-t northerly winds
Nevada— Fair fiundey; warmer.
UJch — Fair In nortbera portion Sunday llctit
esow la southern portion; continued.' cool
weather.
Arizona— Rain in southern portion. *now In
jjorthern portion; fr^sh southerly winds.
San Kraiiciscn and vicinity — Fair Sunday, j
Trlth frost In the morning; increasing cloudl- |
res* la the nfternoon; light northerly, chang
ing to westerly wind.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast OfficiaL I
NEW YORK ETOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Sold, j Stock— 1 Bid.
Atchison 65
7,000 Atchieon prefd ..: m;
S.1C0 Baltimore & Ohio 9lu
Canadian Pacific ai '
400 Canada t-outhern 67%
6,000 Chesapeake & Ohio 41
1.4X0 Chicago Great Western... 20U
7.000 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 140%
6,000 Chicago. Ind &. I^f>ui«\-llle. ...-...: . 3314
1.000 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.:.. 704
3,§00 Chicago & Eastern. Illinois 102U
Chicago & Northwestern . wu,
6,000 Chicago. Rock Wand &. Pacific . 12i
600 C C C & St Louis..... 7C%
22.200 Colorado Southern jo
€.000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4S
3.000 Colorado Southern Id prefd 20%
400 Delaware & Hudson ; 153U
VA Delaware, I>ack A Western 196' k
11.400 Denver & Rio Grande 41^
4. MX) Denver & Rio Grande prefd 8714
19.600 Erie 29H
12,500 Erielst prefd 66*1
100 Great Northern prefd js2
800 Hocking Coal 17.
2.100 Hocking Valley 4gsi
100 Illinois Central 129 .
600 Iowa. Central 2;tj
Iowa Central prefd 54
Lake Erie & Western. -...; 44^
Lake Erie & Western prefd .112
Ijake Bhore C20
9.100 Ix>ulsville & Nashville 93^
¦2,400 Manhattan Elevated ..: ng%
400 Metropolitan Street Railway 162'i
19,900 Mexican Centra! i;ij
4P0 Minneapolis & St Louis 71^
2f!0 Minneapolis & St Louis jirefd 107
5 SOO Missouri Pacific 91
1.000 Mobile ¦&. Ohio 72
' 3 100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 21^
1,400 MJcsourl. Kansas A- -Texas prefd.... 664
'.. New Jersey Central ,....152
3 700 New York Central 144^J
4,800 Norfolk &; Western AZ%
Norfolk & Western prefd <...^1
11,500 Northern Pacific 85£
2.100 Northern Pacific prefd^ gg
2.700 Ontario & Western............: S3U
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42 -
. Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 7«
C.900 Pennsylvania 149
2.600 Reading 33S
6.C00 Reading 1st prefd "5»4
6.000 Reading 2d prefd. 44
Itlo Grande Western 75
Rio Grande Western prefd 93 I
1.000. St Lmiln & San Francisco 3l!i
Pt Louis & Kan Fran 1st prefd 81 .
FCO Ft Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 59?4
l,*no Ft Louis. Routhwestern 26^4
2.600 Rt Louis. Southwestern prefd.. .. -5fl ¦
7.000 Ft Paul 1524
St I»aul prefd W>',*
Kt Paul & Omaha..'..*. ...125
J4.4W Southern Pacific 47'4
P.2^« Southern Railway 23*;
2.5*00 Southern Railway prefd.:..— 7«Vi
R.frO© T«xas A- Pacific 30U
41.MK) Union Pacific • "•• 94&J
€.700 Union Pacific prefd 874
14.7«> Wabaeh - 1S%
2J.400 Wabash orefd ..:...... 3374
«.er« Wheeling & Lake EMe ; 14«i
3.P00 Wheeling & L«ke Erie 2d prefd.... 33 |
¦104 Wisconsin Central". . ¦..-.•.,.•;..¦........: 17«4
100 Third Avenue ........121
I0O Baltimore & Ohio prefd.. 87K
was going on on a liberal scale, especially In
the high-grade railroad stocks under cover of
the upward movement In some of the very low
rrlced stocks in both -the railroad and In
dustrial lists. Among the candidates for favor
in this department were Standard Rope, Leath
er, Mexican National and some other stocks
of a similar grade, which showed much
strength. Advances In Sugar, Tobacco and
General Electric also helped to sustain the
market. Atchison was Iirm all day and in the
last five minutes was suddenly run up to iS%i
at the same time that Union Pacific preferred
waa sold down sharply to S7. Chicago and
Eastern Illinois was pushed up 6>,4. but re
acted 24. and Louisville and Missouri Pacific
were rather firm. The steel stocks moved
rather narrowly and were lrreR-ular. Specu
lators In those stocks seemed disposed to await
the expected authorised announcement of the
plan for adjustment of conditions in the steel
trade before making further commitments. The
bank statement brought pome further selling
upon the market, but vigorous support was
forthcoming and no further Eerious Inroads
were made upon prices. The further Urge im
pairment of reserves disclosed by the bank
statement and the probability that the steel
, deal is yet to be provided for undoubtedly
somewhat chilled speculative enthusiasm. Hut
the bears were manifestly timid about attack
ing the market in view of the important pos
sibilities of further great financial projects.
Wall street ha* been all week in the throes
of excitement over prodigious financial projects,
contemplating such vast consolidations of prop
erty as have never been known. When the
market opened en Monday it was the first op
portunity for the rffeit on public sentiment
cf the Union Paciflo-»outhern Pacific deal to
manifest Hj"?lf. aa Its consummation had not
been formally announced until Friday after
noon after the close of the market and uf>or.
th«» eve of the Saturday holiday. Information
of the negotiations in project for the gigantic
combination of the steel corporation has also
become public property during the week.
Speculative sentiment has been dazzled by the
financial potentialities thus shown and trading
In the stock market hat. again run up to near
the high record cf activity. The extent of
the price movements iias also been extraord
inary, as Is but natural when the abnormal
proportion* of the dealings Is considered.
Where speculators are dealing in one thousand'
to ten thousand share lots, as they have been
doing- this week, much greater changes In
prices are bound to occur than where the nor
mal unit of one hundred share lots Is adhered
to. Th« highly speculative character of the
market is shown by tne feverish and erratic
character of the price movement. Professional
operators a.re well awitre that speculation In
variably overruns ltaelf in such a headlonjf
and reckless market a« that now prevailing
and they have been quick to avail themselves
of opportunities to tak» profits. This has been
true not only of the bulls but of the bears
also, so that the occasional bulge In prices
have generally given away before the heavy
offerings encountered, while the sudden dips
which have at times occurred have been fol
lowed by violent recoveries. The purely specu
lative class of operators are not distinguished
for close analysis of values. If they can at
tract a large following which will Join ttiem
in buying or in celling stocks until a condition
in prices has been paused which offers them
a profit their object fs attained. But the scope
of the financial projects now in contemplation
t» »o vast as to stasi;er the Judgment even
of the large proprietors themselves as to the
measure of their effect. Bankers who are
asked to take part In financing some of the
deals confess themselves puzzled as to the
effects to ensue on the value of the securities,
on the money market and on the financial situ
ation at large. The |,roblem is really one of
world-wide conditions and applications. The
speculative markets will solve it In time, but
they will solve lt in l»ie usual way. That Is
to say the first x-iolent fluctuations will carry
price? far from normal intrinsic .values and it
can only be by succe-sslve oscillations of de->
creasing violence that the price pendulum can
SLgaln be brought back to near intrinsic values.
The cessation of the gold export movement and
the marked relaxation In foreign money con
ditions have removed the' apprehension of a
possible drain upon our money market on that
score. It is claimed that the money market
is safe from the danger of disturbance from
the projected steel combination, as .such trans
actions are achieved largely through exchange
of old securities for new. .*
The railroad bond market nan been -a^mm
unpreceder.tly active ar.d prices have advanced
more steadily than those of stocks. Low-grade
speculative or semi-speculative bonds have been
'ii largest demand.
United States* refunding *s declined % and
the Ss advanced U per cent over the call prlc^
of. a week ago.
N C N G R 7s — 113'i Do (1012> ....133 I2^J
N R of Cal 68.113 — S P C 1st * Ssl37 10SH
Do 5a 120 — S P Br R 6s. .132 —
N P C R R 6sl01H — 3 P Water «s.H44115
Do 5s 10S — Do 4s 103 lO3t»
N C R R 5s.. — 113 Do 3d mtg..lO2U —
O G L & II Ss.113 114 Stk G & E 63.113 1C9.
Oak Tr Co 6s. 1U 115
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 67 «S .'Spring Val.... 92?i 93Ti
Marin Co i.2'4 — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 !Pac Lt Co 43'i —
Equit Gas 3 3*i;S E O & R.... — J7H
Mut Elec Lt... 7 — S F G & E.... 4S 43>I
O G L & H.... 43i,j SOUJSan Francisco. i\ 4V,
Pac C.a.9 Imp. 43v x «> 2 Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCK3.
Flrem's Fund. 232 — | \ j
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 77 — iLon P & A....143<4 —
Bank of Cal...41O — |Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO5»il07 IS F Nationai.. — VH
1st N of S F.. — 312'i!
SAVINGS BA>JKS.
German — 1850 iPav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual 50 — Union, Trust... — —
S F Sav V 5V) — |
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Californla-st ..li". 140 jOSLt II.... 40 —
Geary-st 47»i — Presidio — 20
Market-st 63 63'i!
POWDEIJ STOCKS. .
California ISO — IVlgorit 7% t
Giant Con 84U S4Vi!
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan 8*i 9 > Kilauea ....... 2H4 22*4
Haw Com zr- 90 Makaweli 42 'j -ta
Honokaa Vl»i — tOnomea 23 l i —
Hutch S P 25*i 27 i Paauhau 33 33
MISCELLAN EOUS.
Alaska P A...12SVil27 (Oceanic S3 Co. — 101
Cal Fruit Can. — IOG'4 Pac A F A 2 —
f'al Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bar Co ir.5 —
Mer Ex" Assn...lOO — jParff I'alnt Co 12*i —
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Hana Plantation Co S «?•»
l'> Har.a Plantation Co: 8 73
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 23
10 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 37»i
25 Hutchinson S P Co 2<5 S"i»
$10,000 Market St R K Con is 12U 2o
$a,000 Oceania S S bonds 1C« 00
50 Paauhau S P-C'o 32 87^
2?.O Paauhau S P Co 33 00
33 S F Gaslight 4 37V»
E0 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 47 7i
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 CO
$5,000 S F & S J V bonds '. U'O 5i>
60 S V Water W 00
• 10 S V Water 93 25
1 S V Water 93 0O
$1TOO 3 V 4s »2d Mortgage) KM 37»i
$1000 S V 4a «:<1 Mortgage) 103 00
Street— \.
310 California Wine Association 100 00
$123.00(> Hawaiian C & S Co as, s 15 104 75
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s. '. M4 73
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s U2 »
$40C0 S F & S J V bonds 120 M
#2.m S P of A bonds 112 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
lOOBear Flag «
1C00 California-Standard SI
50 Caribou „ 77
In El Dorado * 20
30rfFour Oil Co «»
4 Hanford ..• U8 CO
100 Junction 82
1200 Lion Oil Co , 23
11U0 McKlttrick Consolidated 10
200 McKittrlck Consolidated 12
5«'O McKittrick Consolidated 11
2C<> Monarch of Arizona 84
1C* Monte Cristo 2 474
lCOC Occidental of W-st Virginia 7<)
13 Oil City Petroleum 2* ©•»
25 Peerle-s S »7H
8W) Petroleum Center .¦ 2->
f.00 Petroleum Center, b JO 23
lfjO Petroleurn Center 2*
SCO Reed Crude Oil Co «*
ItiO Sterling O & r> Co * »>
50 Twenty-eight '. ! 22^4
3C0 Wolverine * **
Street—
100 Hanford, Fresno. Kern Rlv»r 13
700 Petroleum Center 21
;0(i Four Oil Co W
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Seven cars of 'Oranges are announced for to-
Deciduous i arid 'Citrus* Fruits.
- Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts. 15c; seconds. 14c;
store, lie. - :• • '¦¦- . .¦ •¦„,•>¦
Btorage-rOeamery • extras, ; firsts. ;
seconds, - — ; dairy, extras, — •.
Pickle." per pound..;*: r ;
•Keg.* per pound.
* CHEESE— Fancy.- full cream. 10c:' choice.
9c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16V4c per lb. • - .<. -:•-.
EGGS—
" California Ranch— Selected white, 19c; mixed
color*.' 18c per doxen. ' • • ...
California gathered— Selected. 18c; standard.
' ; seconds,-- . ¦ ~ *,.;._-• * ,. •
. •: Fresh ~ Eastern— Fancy, f? — : standard, - — ;
seconds, - — .¦¦: >. '< '\ '¦¦- " . -
Storage — California fancy, : ; standard, .
Eastern tancy,' — — ; standard,-- ; v seconds.
Creamery— Extras, 21c; firsts, 19c; seconds,
I Quqtatlqns • for everything remained un
changed. V ¦ :
The cold weather has created a good north
ern demand for Eggs and the trade report a
free outward j movement, which keeps stocks
down and the market steady/ Cheese continues
weak. ' . . ' . «' j
There are a few, outside orders , on the mar
ket for Butter, and aa the local demand is
good ' the market for all grades Is now re
ported steady: There is no ecarcity, however.
. Receipts. . as reported by the- uairy Ex
change, were 81,500 pounds Butter, 899 cases
Eggs and 3560 pounds Cheese.
BUTTER—
Butter, Cheese ai{d Eggs.
t'ULLTR\— Live Turkeys, lO^lle for Gob
blers and llf?J12c for Hena: Dressed Turkeys.
15c: Geese, per pair. $150^2;' Goslings. $2
©2 50;. Ducks. $3 CO --for old " and $6@7 for
young;'. Hens, $3 5O®4 50; Young Roosters,
$3©6; Old Roosters, $3 59@4 60: Fryers. $5(^5 50;
Broilers, $5@5 60 for large and $3@4 50 for
small:' Pigeons, $1<@1 2S per dozen for old and
$2S?2 50 for Squabs. ¦•
GAME— Quail. $1 imi 75 for Valley and $2®
3 for Mountain; Mallard, $3S>4; Canvasback,
$150®4: Sprig.- $2^3; Teal. Jl 50®2; Widgeon,
$1 75; • Small Duck. $1 25@1 B0; Black . Jack,
$1 2501 75: Gray Geese, $3<S3 60;' White Geese,
Jlffl tO: Brant, $1 SO for small and $2@2 50 for
large; Honkers, $4@4 60; English Snipe. $3; Jack
Snipe. $1 50; Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, jl £0 for
Cottontail and ?1 for Brush; Dovee, 75c per
dozen. ' . '
At ¦ the close yesterday Poultry waa better
cleaned up than at the close of the preceding
week, .and prices were' stenrty. Three cars
Eastern are announced for Monday.
Arrivals of Game were 140 sks, largely Hare,
and birds were consequently firm at a slight
advance In prices.
Pouhry and Game.
Oregon BurbaTiks, ex-steamer, sold off. well
at firm ! price". as : expected. Supplies by rail
irtre reported snowbound. Onions, stood the
same.
Southern Vegetables continued to bring large
prices. Receipts were 42 sacks and 35 boxes.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 63@75c; Burbanks.
.v><Ti. r .Pc for River. $l@l 25 per ctl for Salinas
and 65cgjl for Oregon; Garnet Chiles, from
Oregon. <Safa85c; Sweets. $1©1 05 for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 M>ig; per ctl; Nevadas. $2®2 23;
Cut Onion*. «1 ». r»r ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, ; Asparagus,
fiom Sacramento, 15§3Oc per lb; from Ala
mrda, 3C@40c: Green Peas. 5@10c per lb: String
I trans. 12M:«322Vic: Cabbage. 90c: Tomatoes,
Lbs Angeles, EOciJi $1 50 per crate; from Mexico,
$2 23ft'2 50 per crate; Egg Plant, Los Angeles,
17',i<i<2Oc per lb: Green Peppers, Los Angeles,
K<f{25c per lb for Chile, and 25c for Bell; Dried
Peppers, SJfllc; Dry Okra. 10®15o per lb: Car
rots, 25$z35c per box; Hothouse Cucumbers, — —
ler dozen: Summer Snuash, $1 E0U2 per box:
• iarlic, 3©3Vsc per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20@>
23 per ton; Mushrooms, 5@15cper lb.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 60<tf2 75; • Small White,
$4 60g4 SC; Large White.' $J®4 26; Pink, $2 15®
2 35; nod; JS^3 50: Blackeye. $3@3 25: Limas,
$5 6005 70: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney, $3 7504 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50r<?3: Canary, zy,®
8y 4 c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7H@9!4c; Rap* 2®
2V4c: Hemp. 3V4©3%ic; Timothy. 6Hc
DRIED PEAS— Niles. %2<ilt 60: Green. $2 70
©3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal. t
Potatoes, Oniqis and Vegetables.
The Benn market Is still hanging fire pend
ing the s>ize -of the Government demands.
Prices are without change.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY — Volunteer. $3«?S: . Wheat. $11^13:
TVheat and Oat. $9®I2; Oat. J9®11 60: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. $8@9 50; Barley, $7 iOf 9 50
per ton. < - .. -
STRAW— S5@47Hc per bale.
FEEDSTUFF'S — Rolled Barley. $16-317 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25<§26; jobbing,
?26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17©18; Corn Meaf. $25
625 50; Cracked Corn. $25 50@2£: Mixed Feed.
$15® 18. •
Hay dealers quota a -very steady market,
with. continued light receipts. Bran Is as firm
ab ever.
BRAN-$15 50i@16 50 oer ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50®19 50 per ton.
Ha v and Feeds tit ffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras, $3 25@
3 r,0. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 l/.(g>3 25:
Oregon. $2 75JJ2 S5 per barrel for family and
J2 75ij?3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', $2 75
ea. -
MILLSTUFFS-Prlcei In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per IPO lbs: Rye Flour, S2 75; Rye
Meal. J2.B0; Rice Fiour. V. Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $1 50; Horn
lr.y. |3 50@3 73; Buckwheat Flour, $484 25:
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6<9
7 25: In sacks. $5 TCifT; Pearl Barley, $3; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
WHEAT— The markets all over the world
continued dull and featureless.
Chicago was a shade lower, with 100,000
liushVla worked for export and Armour re
ported ; buying on the soft spots. The Conti
re.ntal demand was said to be better.
In' this market there was'. increased activity
on' call, but at still lower prices. Spot quo
tntions remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 96%c; milling, 9S%c@
UC2& per ctl. ¦ •
CALL BOARD SALES, j
• Inforpial Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 200O ctls.
$1 01%; 14.CCO. *1 01%: 20-00, $1 0KJ; 4C00, $1 01*4:
December— 10,000, $1 05? 8 .
Second Session— May— 20,000 ctls, $1 P1?J: 8000,
$1 01H: 20.0C0, $101»4; December— 2000. $105^:
8CC0. $1 01»4. - .
Regular Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls,
$1 01»-i. . ¦ *
BARLEY— There Is not enough going on to
change quotations one way or the other.
Feed, 7oc for citoice bright, '2\wtTAh\; xor No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades. 7"H'SS2Sc: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL. BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
71c.
Second Session — No gales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS — The market remains quiet at the fa
miliar • quotations.
Unite. $130tiiuO; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 2a(gl 40 for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed, $1 17<X@1 20;
for Seed. H 2','Bl 30 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow, $1 12»4@1 15: White, $1 15;
Eastern, mir.ed, Jl 12'4 per ctl.
RYE— S5^74o per ctl.
BL'CKW HEAT- Quoted at $1 85 per ctl.
Wheat end Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days........ $4 85H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S9VI
Sterling Cables .'...... — 4 »o£
New TLork Exchange, sight — 17^4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22%
Silver, per Ounce — eiVi
Mexican Dollars, nominal GO Q 51
Exchange and Bullion.
NUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver takes another turn upward. Exchange unchanged.
Shipment of $1622 to China.
Very good business in local stocks and bonds. '"
Oil stocks quiet, but generally steady. ..V /
AnotJier decline in Pacific Codfish.' r
IV heat futures lower. Barley still neglected. , ;l '
Nothing nezi< in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Bean market hanging back for the Government demands.
Oregon Potatoes selling well on the wharf. Onions steady.
Southern Vegetables continue to bring high prices.
No change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry market better cleaned up than for a fortnight.
Game firm, under moderate receipts of Ducks.
Seven cars of Oranges to be offered to-morrow.
All Citrus Fruits dull, owing to the cold weather.
Prunes continue in jobbing demand at New York. „
No change in Provisions. :
Lamb higher. Hogs firm. Beef and Mutton unchanged.
Weekly bank clearings gain over last year.
4.900 National Tube .....: 67
100 National Tube prefd 103U
Express Companies—
Adams ....160
American is7it
200 United. States ........ ;.".'.'."'""" "714
Wells-Fargo !.!'..'."l40
Miscellaneous— ,
•• American- Cotton Oil .... : 80%
¦¦¦¦¦¦. American Cotton OH prefd 88>4
200 American Malting 4%
••••••• American Malting prefd 24
6.000 American Smelt & Refng 60%
600 American Smelt & Refng prefd..'.. 98
American Spirits j
American Spirits prefd 17
4,400 American Steel Hoop 32
2.400 American Steel Hoop prefd 77',i
45,500 American Steel & Wire..-.. -f2%
2.006 American Steel & Wire prefd 93%
6,900 American Tin Plate 61
1.500 American Tin Plate prefd 91
4,900 American Tobacco 117%
American Tobacco prefd ........140
2.600 Anaconda Mining Co 46
4.700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 78«4
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 48^4
4.900 Continental. Tobacco ....47
2C0 Continental Tobacco prefd 86 '
2,100 Federal Steel t , 62%
4.900 Federal Steel prefd 80<4
700 General Electric 196
200 Glucose Sugar 47V4
Glucose Sugar prefd 94V4
200 International Paper 22ty
4,900 International Paper prefd .'.... 73"«
100 Laclede Gas 73 -
National Biscuit 38%
National Biscuit prefd 91
200 National Lead 17»i
National Lead prefd SSV4
4.2C0 National Steel 47%
4.900 National Steel prefd 95
New York Air Brake 155
2,100 North American 204
Pacific Coast 63
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
200 Pacific Mall 43
1,200 People's Gas ioi»4
400 Pressed Steel Car 3SU
Pressed Steel Car pretd 77
Pullman Palace Car lSS'i
1.200 Standard Hope & Twine : 5H
41,600 Sugar 140\i
; Sugar prefd 119
2.S0O Tennessee Coal & Iron 64
34,400 1'nited States Leather 14H
4.000 United States Leather prefd........ 76%
l.oCO I'nited States Rubber -...- 20>4
400 United States Rubber prefd fiOft
6.C00 Western Union 57
8.400 Amalgamated Coprer ; '91*i
L'OO Republic Iron & Steel 16
200 Republic Iron & Pteel prefd 62
P C C & St Louts 59
ESS.SOO Shares eold.
CLOSING BONDS. .
D S ref 2s reg 105H N Y Cent Ists ..107
Do coup ing'.* N J Cent gen 6s...l28ii
Do 3c reg liri; Northern Pac 3s... 71 H
Do 3s coup HOW Do 4s .:.103%
Do new 4s reg.... 137^4 N Y C & St L 4s..l08«£
Do new 4s coup..l37U N & W Con 4s 102%
Do old 4s reg 113S-;Or Nav Ists..' 109
Do eld 4s coui»...113Vi Do 4s :.103tj
' Do 6s reg 110& Or Short L 6s 127
Do 5s coup llO'i' Do Con 5s 116^i
Dis of Col 3.65s. v . 123 JReadlng Gen 4s.... 95
Atchison gen 4s...T..108%{R G W Ists 10i>
Do adj 4« 92»i,iS L. &. I M con 3s..U6'4
Canada Sou 2ds....mn /S 'R L& S F <Jen 6a. .129
Ches & Ohio 4'i8..1C7USt Paul con 1S4 •
Do Bs.r... ...122 tSt PC & P/lsts....ms£
C & N con 7s 139^' Do 5s 120»4
Do S F Deb 5s. ..124. jSoutliern Phc 4s. V. 90^4
•Chic Term 4«= 97 Southern Ry 5s 116
Colorado Sou 4s SCfeiSlatid R &T6s.-.* 62'
D &• P. O 4s 103U|Tex & Pac Ists. ...116 •
Erie- Gen 4s. S.V-4J Do-Mst..'. 95 "
F W & D C Ists K5 jl'nion I'ac 4s..;....106H
General Elec.Ss J60 V\"abash,lsts........H!»i
Iowa Cent Ists 115«? Do 2ds... ....1UV4
L & N Unl 4s lClljtWest Shore 4s 114*;
M K & T 2ds "S^lWls Cent Ists SSV4
Do 4s 91% I Va Centuries ...-.-.. -96H
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 15
Alice 4.> Ontario 6 23
Breece 2 no.Ophlr :...... 70
Brunswick Con 36 Phoenix .%... OS
Comstock Tunnel.. 04 Potosl ¦ OS
Con Cal & Va.- J'50 Savage ............. 12
Deadwood Terra... 50'Slerra Nevada..... 15
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes..- CO
Iron Silver 66 Standard i }0
Leadville Con 061
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Land' .". 3 '
Call loans 2 1 4<33^ West End .w...... M&
Time loans 3.(^4 Westlnghouse El.. 55
Stocks— Bonds — ..j.: ,\
A T & S F 54*i AtchiEon 4s .......102
A T & S F prefd. SMi N K Gas A Coke.'. 6S^i
American ?ugar...l40H Mining SbarWr-
Am Sugar prefd.. .119 Adventure » i.12%
.Am Telephone 163 Blngham MlnCo.. 20*4
Boston & Albany.. 254V» Amalg Copper....:. 91%
Boston & Maine.. .195 Atlantic .........:. 30
Chgo. Bur & Q..,.14<Wi Boston & Mont. ...323 .
Dominion Coal SiVilButte & Boston... 83
Dom Coal prefd.. .109\j Calumet & Hecla..86O
Federal Steel 52V» Contennlal 264
Fed Steel prefd... 6014 Franklin i.. 20>i
Fltehburg prefd.. ..141V* Humboldt ..^ 25
Gen EVectrlf 196H Oseeola. 88H
I Uen Elec prefd 109 Parrot ......'.. 50
1 Mexican Central... 17Vi ljulncy .....V. ...... 177 •
t JJ E Gas & Cok?.. 12U Banta Fe Cojjper.. "4
i Old Colony ....."..:. 208 Tamarack ..„• 33S
Old Dominion Xi% i:tah Mining •.. 36
Rubber .., 21 Wlnona S*i
Cnlon Pacific 94',-i Wolverines, 50
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.— The weekly statement
of averages of the Associated Banks shows:
Loans JSS5.2S3.400. Increase J23.4S1.200; deposits
$99i.55C.0C0. increase $24,676,400; circulation.
131.231.900. decrease $S7.2C0: legal tenders. $37.
120.7CO. decrease $1,372^400; specie $195.5S0,400, In
oreafR *3.r65,4O0; total reserve $269,011,100. in
crease $1,692,900; reserve required $248,648,475, In
crease $6,169,100; surplus reserve $20,362,625, de
crease $4,476 200. • ' '••.-..
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— Th» Financier says:
Th*! totals of the New York clearing housn
banks continue to expand at'a rate never be
; fore equaled. Loans for the week ending Feb
, ruary 9 Increased $23,481,200. making a gain of
| more than $<sl,000.00<> since January 15 last. This
! onormous accession to loan commitments seems
i larger than called for, even. taking into con
sideration the amounts required to finance the
varloua railroad deals, which have been pend
ing over the month and it is to be inferred
that an appreciable amount of the borrowing
has been in the nature of a sterling exchange
operation and stock market requirements, the
latter owing to the revival In activity noted
of late, having been exceedingly -heavy. The
surprising feature of the statement Is the
small gain In the cash. The total Increase In
specie and legals was $1,695,900. which is con
sidered less .than half the amount calculated
earlier in the week. It Is true that the flow
of money to this center from the Interior Is
diminishing and operations at the Sub-Treasury
resulted In a loss to the banks. The Treasury
was a creditor at the clearing house Saturday
for over two million dollars, . which was paid
over in one check on account of the Union
Pacific settlement with the Government. This
¦ will figure in full in next week's bank state
ment and to that extent wjll operate against
cash increases by the banks. The gain In de
posits amounting to $24,676,400 Is due almost
entirely to the loan expansion, and as It called
for an addition reserve requirement of more
than $6,OGO,(iOO. the surplus reserve was de
creasod by. that amount, less the gain In cash
holdings, leas $4,476,200. This lowers the total
excess to $20,362,625. but this figure, despite the
rise In deposit liabilities In nearly one hundred
and twenty-four millions in a month, is six
millions heavier than at the beginning of last
month. The banks, therefore, are stronger In
surplus reserve than was the case four or five
weeks ago, a . remarkable fact considering the
; burden of accommodation to which they have
been subjected.
Viewed in any. light, the • current exhibit
makes for a firmer feeling In the market, al
though this does not necessarily mean higher
rates at once. The announcement ¦ of several
railroad bond Issues and, pendlng,steel deal will
i make the statement for the next several weeks
an Interesting study. There seems to be no
doubt now that deposits before that 'time will
rise above the thousand million mark now
nearly reached. Th/? trust company totals If
available, would probably show a proportion
ate expansion, due to causes already noted.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. ».— To-day* a statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $144,058,856; gold. $72,560,649.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. D.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram : says:
The stock market here was fairly busy to-day
and the tone was cheerful. The strongest feat
ure was South Africans, where a great . deal
of stock seems to be taken ¦> upon American
order*. particularly of Rand ' mines. . These
recent purchases by American capitalists are
quite a novelty here. The American-depart
ment became strong, with a lot of hekvy buy
ing. But half an hour- of It exhausted; the
bulls and the market reacted . somewhat. , ; The
Continent sold the American list freely with
the exception of the Atchlson • issues. >, -The
exchequer bonds which were offered yesterday
are expected to go at about 95. I am informed
at the Bank of England that no further ad
dition to , the ; floating debt , is contemplated.
If it la neceeaary to borrow.'any more money
for war purposes the • loans will- go • out In
some more permanent form. ¦ Money' was a
llttla harder. It U understood that the bank
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— The Imports 'of dry
goods and merchandise at 'the port of New
York for the last week were valued at $9,800.
015. The Imports of specie laat week were
$77,151 gold and $120,702 silver.
Exports of gold and silver from this' port
to all countries last week aggregated $1,013,794
silver bars and coin and $10,000 gold.
Exports and Imports.
The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
quiet, but about steady at unchanged prices.
STATE COMMON— Were quoted at.3%®*%c;
prime, 4%@5c;v choice, 6>$@6c; fancy, 6<g7c.
. California dried fruits were Inactive.
' PRUNES— 3Vi@9%c per pound, aa to size and
quality. * • •• . .
APRICOTS— Hoyal, 7?iS12c; Moorpark, 8<i
@15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14®18c; unpeeled, CHtlOc.
DRIED FRUITS.
SUGAR— Refined, steady. Standard A. 5.30c:
confectioners'. A, 5.30c: mold A. 5.80c: cut loaf,
fie; crushed, 6c; powdered, . 6.60c; granulated.
5-30o; cubes, 5.75c. >.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3618 packages. Steady;
fresh creamery. 16@22c; June creamery, 15<g20c;
factory, ll@14V4c.
EQGS — Receipts, 6140 packages. Firm; West
ern at mark. 20®'21c. , ; . ¦ ¦
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 7c.
Mild, market quiet: Cordova. 8@12>£c. Futures
closed steady; with prices unchanged to 10
points lowr. . Total sales, 11.750 bags. Including:
March. $5 50^5 65; May, $3 60; July, $5 65; Octo
ber and November, $5 SO, and December. $5 90. ¦
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 24@26c.
HOPS— Quiet: State common to choice, 1900
crop, 17<320c: 1S99, ll@15c; old olds, 2@6c; Pa
cific Coast, 1900 crop, 17@19c;'1839,' ll(S15c; old
olds. 2ig:6c.
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 23 pounds, 19c.
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts. 18,
402 barrels;, exports, 7182. Neglected and nom
inally unchanged. Winter patents, $3 65f?4;
winter straights, $3 4Qfi3 00; Minnesota patents,
«4ff4 25; winter extras, $2 50@2 85; Minnesota
straights, $3©3 85; winter low grades, $2 45^2 60.
WHEAT— Receipts, 25,200 bushels; exports,
179,465 bushels. Spot steady. No. 2 red, 80<g>
80%o f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 7S"io elevator: No.
1 Northern- Duluth, 86c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. 89%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened easy, owhig to the lower cables, pros
pects for liberal world's shipments on Monday,
ample snow protection West and large North
west receipts. Later they rallied with corn.
Closed steady at %c net decline. March closed
78%c; May, 79H@7fl 7-16c, . closed 7»%c; July
78 15-16<g7J&<\ closed 79ftc.
Neic . York Grain and Produce.
Atchlson. 65%; Canadian Pacific, S3'-,: Union
Paelflo preferred, 91; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 90^: Grand Trunk. 674; Anaconda, ,9%.
Bar silver, strong, 28 3-16d per ounce. Money,
3'/i64 per cent. • . . -*
CLOSING.
Is borrowing in the open market to stiffen the
rate • ¦ .:. .. ... ..-.. . ... .„
PACIFIC CODFISH— Some descriptions have
again declined, as follows: Bundle*, per lb.
4c; cases, regular, 4V»c: cas*e*. extra large. Be;
cases. Eastern Ftyle. Z*i?; Boneless, 6c; "Nor
way," 6c; "Narrow GatiRe," «o; "Silver King,"
7V±c; blocks, "Oriental," o^c: Mocks. "Seft
bright." 6S4c; tablets. 7c; middles, "Golden
State," 6c; middles. "White Seal." S'ic; 5-lb.
boxes Fancy, Boneless, per lb. 9c: 2-lb. boxes
Fancy. Boneless, per lb, 7c; Desiccated, per
dozen. 75c: rickW Cod, barrels, each, $7;
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each, $4 25.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered, 5.S3c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Magnolia A, 5.35c; Extra C.
5.25c: Golden C, 5.15c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; 53-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9.
Flour, qr sks.... 8.333iLlme, bbls ...... U2
Wheat, ctls 12,239 [Leather, rolls ... 83
Barley, ctls 2.513: Quicksilver, flks. 45
Corn, ctls 4 Potatoes, sks ... 1.962
Sugar, ctls l,500|Onlons, sks ..... 148
Tallow, ctls .... 232iBran. *ks 14.13
Chicory, bbls .... 22 1 Middlings, «ks... 717
Wine, gals .. 40,000 Hay, tons 270
Wool, bales . l'Straw, tons jo
- • OREGON.
Flour, Qr sks.... 13,875'Bran, sks ........ 2,001
Oat3, ctls ;. 180 Middlings, sks... 55
Potatoes, sks ... 3.1031 - . .
SALMON — Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska, red. $1 20; medium do. II 10; pink. 95c:
Columbia Hlver. Cliincok. $1 75 for tails and
$1 85 for flats; barreled Salmon, $10 for Alaska
barrels and J5 £0 for half-barrels.
RICE-China mixed. J4 20^4 23; No. 1. « 70^
4 85; extra, $o<g.'. 50: Japanese, $1 95<§5 50; Louis
iana, W©6 E0: Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL— Wellington. |3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. 19; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay. t5 50: Wallsend. $3; Co-«peratlve Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. J13 in balk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, JU; Can
neU $1" V*r ton; Coke. J15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. \h 45
per 2000 Ib3 and'$S50 per ton^ according to
brand. i •
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bass. June and July. 6>4c: local make.
6%c; Wool Bags, S0@32Hc; Fleece Twine, 7Hc.
General Merchandise.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9tf©10c: Ewes. 9©$Hc
per lb. '
LAMB— ll@12Hc per "1b; spring-, 12HQ15C per
pound.
PORK— Live Hops, 63«He for small and 60
6>4c for medium and 5^4(B5T4c for large; stock
Hoes SijoHc; feeders, 5',;fi"5V4c: dressed Hogs.
7H©3C. : . -..;.<
The few Lambs cnmlnjr In are brlnglns higher
prices. Very few are being killed. Hogs con
tinue in light supply and firm. There la no
further change In Beef and Mutton.
BEKF— 7«j&c for steers and <Kf7hc per lb
for Cows. • - ' > ¦
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small. Jc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— Fan Joaquln. SVsSSc: do lambs. 83
9c; Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free. 10«llc; Southern Mountain. 7H'3SHc;
Humboldt and Mendodno. ll@12o per lb.
HOPS-13®16c p«r lb; from second hands 11Q
2Qc are the asking prices.
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16e; Northern, defective. U®
14c; Middle County, free. 15S16c; Middle Coun
ty, defectlx-e. 12©Uc: Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 9«M6c: Southern Mountain. fre*. 7
months'. ll©12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', ft'g'llc: Humboidt and Mendodno, IS
@17c; Nevada. UftlBc per lb.
TALLOW- No. 1 rendered. 4',4®4*ic per lb
No. 2. 4{?4',;c: grease. 2igSHc.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salteil Steers.
9ViiglOc; medium. 9c; light, 888^c; Cow Hides,
8%c for heavy and 8gS»4c for light; Stags, 6®
6^c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9«10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c: Culls. 14c; dry Kip.
I5«?16c; Dry Calf. 16i@T7c; culls and brands.
14®15c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each:
short Wool, 30050c each; medium, 60075c; long
Wool. 75cfi$l each: Horse Hides, salt. S3 50-3
2 75 for large and $21?2 25 for medium. II 25 for
small and SCc for colts; Horse Hides, dry. 11 73
for large, il 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and
We for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
Me; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skin?, ' 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c:
large and smooth. 50c: medium. S5c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8 ? 4c: three
half-barrel*. 8c; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
7%c: flvo tierces, 79»e per lb.
Hides/ Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6«^<Be?4c per lb for
compound and 9Vic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9ttc: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. MVic.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll®U%c p»r lb for
heavy, HH'B'l^c for light medium, 12',4013c for
llBht, 13H«?Hc for extra light and l*315Hc for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c;
Mess Beef, |12 per barrel; extra" Mess. $13;
Family. $14: extra prime p O rk. J13S13 SO; extra
clear, $19 50&20; Mess. $17 ;• Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound.
Provisions.
The market shows no change whatever, bo
lng quiet. !
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1. softshell. 10c; No. 2. Ttfc: No.
I hardshell, 8%c: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. I23#i3o
for papershell, 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts. 5
©6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c: Fllbert».
13c: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50C5.
HONET-Comb. 13H<§14Hc for bright and 12H
@13c for light amber: water white extracted,
7^SSc; light amber extracted. 6'i®7c; dark,
«e6He per lb.
B^EBWAX— 24S:tc per lb.
¦ FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. ¦« iaizes. 3c:
30-40s 7c; 40-50s. 6%c: 50-OOs. 4Kc; jo-70, 3i; c '
70-SOs, 3Vic; $0-9Cs, S%c; 90-100s. 2«4c; lOO-HOs
lV4c; rubles, Vic premium; Sonoma*. ' He and
San Joaquins. %c less than Santa Claras ex
cept 1C0 and over, which Etand the same. Apri
cots, 6®8o for Royals and lO0iOt4c for Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples, 4®5%c; sun-dried,
lH©2%c: Peaches 3@4c for standard. 3Vi©5c for
choice and 5HS fi Hc for. fancy: Pears, J£J7c
riums. pitted. 5®«%c: unpitted. l©l^c; Nec
tarines. bGWc for red and 5H@Sc for white
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
haa established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per 1b; choice, 0.1s;
standard, 10c: prime. 9e; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per 1b. Sultanas— Fancy, 10% o per
1b: choice, 9%c: standard. 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Hc; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown. 8c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. 5*ie. and
4-crown. 6Hc; seeded <Fresno prlceyj fancy.
16-ounce, 7c: 12-ounce. 5Uc; choice. i6-ounce',
6%c; 12-ounce. 5Uc; London Layers. 2-crown,
$1 B0 per box: 3-crown. $1 €0: Fancy Clusters,
*2: Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All prices f. o.
b. at common shlDplng points in California.
The Eastern markets report a continued
jobbing demand for Prunes, and certain sizes
are getting cleaned up. as will be seen In the
first column. All other fruits are quiet.
morrow* a auction.; The weather Is too cold for
this fruit. . which Is slow of sale. There is
no change in Lemons or Limes.:
Th* Apple market remains as previously
quoted.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-'
APPLES— 33®«5o per. box for common, 75c®
fl 60 for good to choice and SI 75$ 2 for fancy.
PEARS— 65c©*l 60 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1®2: Seed
lings, 60c6Jl; Tangerines. 75c@$l 50; Mandarins.
75c? $1: Lemons, 2ac@$l 25 for common and $1 50
©2 for good to choice: Grape Fruit. $102: Mex
ican Limes, $5<35 60; California Limes. 25#50c;
Bananas, 75c® $1 75 per bunch; Pineapples. 75c
6$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits. Nuts and Raisins.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 0.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 2ttd<§«s 3d:- wheat, in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
milder.' ¦ .
COTTON— Uplands, 5 15-82d.
CLOSING. '
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, 6s
2%d: No. 1 Northern aprinp, 6s 3d; No. 3 red
Western winter. 5a . ll%d. Futures, quiet;
March, 5s llftd; May. Ss ll%d.
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed, new,
3s 9%d; do, old, 38 lOTid. Futures, quiet; Feb
ruary. 3a Slid: March. 3s 9%d: May, 3s 9',id.
HOPS (at London)— Pacific Coast, steady,
£4®£5 lad.
Portland's Business.
' PORTLAND. Feb. $220,551; bal
ances, $33,501.
.Northern. Wheat Market.
ORnGON.
Feb. ».— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 54V4c. - '- '
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb, 3.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady: bluestem, 57^4c; club, 55c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
NKW TORK, Feb. 9.— To-day's etock market
vr&r fre* from sensational movements, but was
t&irly active. It waa 'evident that realizing
Xtw York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
GREATEST SALE
ON RECORD!
400 Horses and Mares and 175 Mules
Will Be Sold at Public Auction
TO-MORROW.
MONDAY, February 11,
ON-
BASEBALL GROUNDS. eiXTKENTH AND
FOLSOM STS.. S. F..
Commencins at 9 a. m. ' .
These animals, carefully selected by expert
veterinarians of the German Government far
use In the recent China trouble, are solid in
color, are in excellent condition, well handled
and weigh from 575 to 1ST.0. the mules ranpin<
from 975 to 1300. There are many well-matched
teams and marr.incent saddle horses among
the lot. Thes* horses and mules are suitable
for farmers, liverymen, stage owners, team-
sters, expressmen, butchers, bakers, grocers,
laundry men, etc. Age ranges from 5 to 10
years. Animals are now on exhibition at base-
I ball grounds.
The" saddle horses will be offered for sal»
about .1:30 p. m. ¦
THIS SALE 13 STRICTLY CASH.
. WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
Office Occidental Horse Exchange,
T21 Howard.
AUCTION SALESYou Will B? Bight in It
To-morrow at the Shoe Trust Sale, 717
Market street. There will be a special
good offer for ladies and men in the shoe
line. $3 shoes -will be sold for S1.G5 a pair.
Come around and have a look at them;
buy them if you think they are as adver
tised. $3 ladies' vici kid shoes for $1.65 a
pair. J3 men's vici kid shoes for JL65 a
pair at the Shoe Trust Sale of the Bee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St.. near Third."
CATVTPBELL NOT BLAMED
FOB. DEATH OF GUY
Locked Together in a Deadly Em
brace Both Men Fall Over
the Banister.
J. TT. Campbell, the man under arrest
cn suspicion of having thrown M. H. Guy
ever the banisters at ElaVj Bush street
lest Thursday morning, told a very
straight story at the inquest yesterday.
It was to the effect that he and Guy had
ouarrok-d about 5 o'clock in the morning
cbout T2Z> that had been stolen from
Campbell's room. Both men were in their
r.ijrht dresses, and when they clinched
ihey fell over the banister to the floor
3ow, a cllstance of fifteen feet, Camp5>ell
landing on top. Three of Guy's ribs were
broken, and Campbell received a black
eye and several pevere brulsea.
The jury returned a verdict of accident
B.nd exonerated Campbell from blame.
A communication was read from Chap
lain Drahxns asking that (50 be set aside
lor the purchase of books and magazines
for the priscn library. Warden Aguirre
was Instructed to purchase the books
tFkcd for by the chaplain.
The Commissioners decided to petition
the Oov^rnor to pardon Samuel Connell.
who Is serving a two-year sentence for
burglary committed in Sisklyou County.
Conncil. who is only IS years of age. is
dying of consumption. The prison physi
cians say that he cannot possibly live
more than a month.
Th*> Governor will also be urged to par
don Donati Probasco. who^ paved the life
r.f Guard McDor.ald when he was mur
('"rous'.y attacked by Convict Oppen
lipfmer. Probasco Is sen-Ing a twenty-one
ye-ar sentence for murder, and his term
will not expire until December. 1906.
Tl-.»» Warden was instructed to have an
expert examine the pHson ' scales. The
contractor supplying- the penitentiary with
c^al comrlnined that they are Incorrect.
ln^ one instance they credited him with
three tons more than he supplied, while
en -another occasion he was eighteen tons
Fhort- Ap-uirre txlieves that the scales are
correct, and thinks the variance in weight
was caused by mistakes made by the coal
shippers. Every load of coal is weighed
as it is liroupht into the prison, and in
tills way the variances were discovered.
The directors will meet at Folsom on
the 23d inst.
The absence of Devlin and Hayes also
prevented the appointing of a clerk to suc
ceed the late Joseph Elils. There are two
c^plranta for the place^ — a man uaxned
C'lJrien. who hails from Sacramento and
who is said to have the backing of Gov
ernor Gage. The other applicant is named
Reynolds and lives here. The Commission
ers were unable to give the Christian
r&mes of either of the applicants. When
thf clerk is elected Warden Aguirre will
r.proint Walden's successor as bookkeeper
< t the jute mill.
The Board of Prison Directors met at
San Quentin penitentiary yesterday to
discuss the repcrt of Expert McLaren,
who examined the few books of the jute
mill left undestroyed by Bookkeeper Wal
cen when he took his flight for paits un
known. As Commissioners Devlin and
Hayes were unable to attend the members
present decided to postpone the discussion
until the next meeting. Acting Clerk lley
nolds was instructed, however, to forward
a copy of the expert's report to the At
torney General of the State and request
l.im to take such legal action as he might
deem proper. It is the Intention of the
Commissioners to have & civil action
l;rcught against Joseph Levy, who bought
the sacks stolen by WalSen. They believe
that they will be able to eecure judgment
apainst him for the value of the sacks.
Attorney General Asked to Sue Jos
eph Levy to Recover Value
of Sacks Stolen by
Walden.
Little Business Transacted
es Two Members Were
Absent.
DIRECTORS MEET
SAN QUENTIN
Superintendent of Schools Webster yes
terday issued a dignified reply to the bit
ter attack made upon him in his absence
at the last meeting of the Board of Edu
cation by Director Casserly. The state-,
xne'nt was prepared by Webster in order
to correct certain remarks attributed to
him In a published interview. Mr. Web
ster denies that he specifically mentioned
the name of Mr. Casserly in connection
with the hiring of a hacK, which caused
Casserly to tly into a passion. Webster
says that what he did say in an Interview
Is in substance as follows:
The male members of th«? Board of Educa
tion had inEulted me and endeavored to humili
ate m» by their conduct In refusing and nes
lectinK. alter repeated and urgent requests, set
ting lorth thfir necessity, to furnish the office
ot the Superintendent with articles of furni
ture and conveniences necessary for the proper
transaction of business. Mr. Casserly, having
charge of the supply department, nearly nix
months ago was furnished with my requisition
for articles of furniture, and on three occa
sions when his attention was directed to these
necessities, and he was invited by me to come
to the olnces and investigate for himself, he
replied he would come to the office and look
into the matter "at his convenience" or "when
it was convenient"; but he never did come.
On November 14, 1900, Mr. Donman, having
assumed charge of supplies, these requisitions
were presented to him. but he put me off with
out any good cause until directed by Mrs. Kin
caid "to sign," which was done on the 23d day
of January. A year ago, when making urgent
requisition. I was treated in like manner a.id
then secured what was necessary through the
intercession of Mrx. Kir.caid. The great bulk
of all furniture and conveniences granted to
my offices has been secured through the gen
erosity, courtesy and influence of Mrs. Kln
ccid. without which it is safe to say it never
would have been received.
I did say that the Board of Education were
net allowed traveling expenses by law; that
two demands, however, for livery were con
tracted by the board in visiting schools during
two days In the last of April. 1900: that I had
refused to approve and eigrn these demands and
that Mr. Mark declared that it was very email
on my part not to Eign them. I did not men
tion the name of Mr. Casserly in connection
with the contraction of these bills, but it is
cafe to Jnfer that Mr. Casserly has just as
much to 'do with the contraction of such bills
as any other member of the board, and that I
had been informed that the members of the
board paid, for the bills out of their own
pockets.
I have be**n Informed through the public
print that Mr. Casserly ha« denounced the
statements made by me In the above mentioned
Interview and at other times respecting his
official conduct and that of the other members
of the board as "malicious lies" and has seri
ously entertained the notion of doin«; me per
1 ponal violence. I here take occasion to nay
that If he has thus denounced my statements
as malicious lies I pass this delicate and re
fined compliment (?). which is an evidence of
his aristocratic breeding, back to him with the
suggestion that he consider well the question
of the propriety of a man of his extensive pro
portions undertaking to browbeat me with
threats, for really It would be exceedingly dis
tasteful to me to be subjected to personal
violence by anybody, and especially by him.
Superintendent Slakes "Withering 1 Re
ply to Casserly's Attack Upon
Him and Speaks of "Per-,
sonal Violence."
Declares They Have Re
fused to Furnish Him
With Supplies.
WEBSTER SCORES
MALE DIRECTORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL; SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1901-
The Colfax, Placer County. Sentinel has
a communication from Harold T. Power
on the future of drift mining in Placer
County. Power says that the deep placers
of Placer and Calaveras counties probably
contain more gold than California has yet
produced; and a large percentage will be
profitably recovered. He predicts that
be getting its affairs into" shape to work
in Shasta, County. Plans are reported to
have been adopted for a 750-ton smelter, a
converter, nine miles of railroad to con
nect the mines with the Southern Pacific
Company's lines and also the purchase of
railroad rolling stock and equipment.- the
installation of a hydraulic plant and- the
purchase of a fluxing ' outfit. The entire
plant is expected to be in operation by the
1st of August.
The mineral . claimants to lands in the
Douglasville placer claim. In Tuolumne
County, have been sustained by a deci
sion of the Secretary of the Interior, who
finds the lands are mineral. .The claim
is situated .by the - county road between
Browns- Flat' and Columbia, at* a plac*
commonly called ' Douglasville. The land
v/as once found by a receiver of the Land
Office to be agricultural, but .the hearing
was carried up to the Secretary of the In
terior. In his decision: the Secretary finds
that prior to. the last placer location ( the
lands included in the claim yielded about
5S500 per month for a. period of two years
and that under the * present location It
has produced something -> like $18,000 • in
gold.' During the month previous to -the
hearing before ' the : Secretary , the mineral
claimant took out a $125 piece from virgin
ground. -It, was incumbent upon the agri
cultural claimant.: as the Secretary held
to show" tttat its cmlneral character had
been worked out before he could establish
his claim. ¦¦ .- ¦ ,.. ,; v.. ... . - .*.— ;
•pThe Trinity Copper .Company appears to
The somewhat famqus case of the Key
stone Consolidated Mining 'Company
against ' the South Spring, Hill Mining
Company. has been dismissed , by the Su
perior. Court of Calaveras County for lack
of prosecution. The claim set up by the
plaintiff company was that the defendant
company entered upon -its ground by
means; of Its underground works and took
from veins that have their apexes within
the lines of the plaintiff's surface location,
bullion of the value of $2,000,000. The case
has been pending since 1S90. The court
held - that ; there . was a lack of due dili
gence. „ .....¦¦..-;
Mines having a gross output of bullion
of less than $:'i000 per annum are exempt
from the bullion tax. /The Yuma Sun.
which publishes the text of the bill and
comments on it at length, 'says It will not
be surprising if some bullion tax bill, not
radical nor aimed to work hardship, shall
be made a law. ¦¦',
. Section 7. It shall be the duty of the Asses
sor to l prepare a tax list or assessment roll
alphabetically arranged In the book or books
which shall be furnished him by the Board of
Supervisors for that purpose, . lri which book or
books he shall list all mines or mining claims
in his county, together with the gross output
of the number of tons of ores, tailings, borax
or. soda or other mineral bearing material of
whatever character, the total value In dollars
and cents, the actual cost of extracting said
ores or mlnerula from said mines, the actual
cost of Bavins said tailings, the actual cos»t
of transportation . to places of reduction or
sale a!id the actual cost of reduction or eal<i
and tlve. actual net proceeds, which ' list or
assessment roll he shall deliver to the clerk
of the Board of Supervisors at the same time
and the same manner as is now provided oy
law for > making returns of real estato . and
other taxable property in the Territory of Ari
zona. ! : - ' - .
While, the California Legislature, is
struggling with problems having direct
relation to mining, it will Interest miners
to learn of the legislation which is being
attempted elsewhere. The Territorial
Legislature [ of Arizona, for Instance, is
once more considering the bullion tax. A
bill was "introduced by Assemblyman
Peterson of Maricopa which has for its
principal provisions the following in sub
stance: All the proceeds of mines shall be
assessed annually for "Territorial and
county purposes, the tax to be assessed
on the net value of the ores, tailings,
bcrax, soda or mineral bearing material
of any character at the same, rate that
other property is taxed, but , all ma
chinery, hoisting works and improvements
are exempted from taxation under the
act; every tax levied is made a Hen upon
the mines or mining claims, which shall
not be removed until the taxes are paid or
tho title is vested in a purchaser in a sale
for the taxes; the County Assessor of
each county must ascertain annually the
number of tons 'and value per ton of all
quartz, ores, minerals or tailings ex
tracted for sale or reduction from tho
mines, and shall assess them and collect
the taxes: any person giving false in
formation to the Assessor concerning
mining properties shall be deemed guilty
of perjury and punished accordingly.
From these provisions it will appear that
a prospect of lively work is mapped out
for the County Asessors if the measure
carries. The seventh section of the bill
confirms this impression,, it being* as fol
lows: ,
drift mining will be carried on more ex
tensively In the future.
R. A. Thomas, who represents a syndi
cate of Los Angeles men who have In
vested in copper properties in Arizona, re
ports there is great activity in the Jct«*e&
section. Twenty companies besldes~Tna
great United Verde are working near Je
rome. The United Verde Company Is em
ploying from 1200 to 1500 men. Since 1895
the copper production of Arizona has risen
from- 47.000.000 pounds to 122,000,000 pounds,
the last figures being for the year ISM.
This is equal to the frier ease In the Lako
Michigan region and Montana also.
The smelter trust, so says tho Monterey,
Mexico. Dally News, is making steady
progress In acquiring the great smelting
properties of Mexico.
At the close of the meeting a-communi
cation from the North End Improvement
Club was read, requesting that larger fire
mains be laid In tho commercial section.
This was supplemented by a report from
Chief Sullivan that the water supply Jn
the section referred, to would-be .'totally
Inadequate in case of a big conflagration.
The club made a request' that -the. water
company.- be, given a.« bounteous . rate, that
If might make the necessary improve
ments.. The matter will be taken up later.
Schussier then. recommended leaving the
settlement of the rates to the : Board of
Public Works. Supervisor Brandensteln
asked the witness if he would be satisfied
to abide by the board's decision. Schuss
ier replied that he would unless the board
committed some grievous error, where
upon the Supervisor took occasion, to re
mark that the company would be satisfied
unless it was dissatisfied, and caused a
laugh. • Schussier claimed that a deficit
amounting to $29,000 had occurred .last
year owing to the board's reduction, and
mentioned the slight rainfall, of tne last
few years as an additional . cause for the
expenditure of large sums of monuy. He
paid that while farmers had been amply
supplied with «vater ¦ yet the . fall had I not
been sufficient for surface reservoirs.-
"In those days," Schussier said, . "the
people were fair and. square. Now they
seem only eager for a chance to jump on
associated capital. The Spring Valley
Water Company has been i the horse . on
which many a man has ridden into, of
fice. Of course, I don't refer to any one
in this room. When men take office their
motives may I b» pure enough; but they
seem to 'think that the only way they
can please the people Is by immediately
beginning to hack at water rates. Each
year our investments are Jeopardized be
cause people feel timid about purchasing,
thinking that profits will be reduced by
the. board. Our stock would be at par or
above It to-day If it was^not for this."
Reed first Introduced a report compiled
by the merchants of New York City, in
which the cost of water to that municipal
ity is quoted at much less than the figure
stated by the Spring Valley Company.
The question of the latter water corpora
tion's source of revenue was discussed at
length, and considerable argument arose
over the fact that the difference in the
par value of the stock and a' sunv com
mensurate with the money realized on it
was several million dollars. Schussier ob
jected to the insinuation that the stock
had been watered, and said that the dif
ference might be accounted for because
of money invested In the early history of
the company that had netted Its owners
no Interest, the returns having been used
In new construction.
It developed In the course of the inquiry
that prosperity has smiled on San Fran
cisco during the last year. The water
company's records show that a year ago
there were nearly 4500 vacant houses in
the city, while to-day there are about 2J00.
In addition to this many new structures
have been erected, a number of them ten
ement houses. The company's books show
that 2000 more families are using water
to-day than at a corresponding date last
year. . ¦ ¦
Little of Importance was elicited at the
Investigation conducted by the Board of
Supervisor* with a view of fixing water
rates for the ensuing year, which was re
sumed ye&terday. H. Schussier, the chief
engineer lor the Spring Valley Company,
was on the stand, and during the first
part of the proceedings quizzed by
Supervisor Reed. There were frequent dif
ferences cf opinion between* witness and
inquisitor and some word passages, hu
morous and otherwise, which often caused
the chairman to rap for order. -
.Spring Valley Books Show
Great Decrease in Va
cant Houses.
WATER PROFITS
ARE DISCUSSED
MINING INTERESTS ARE IN SPLENDID SHAPE
The Judge thought the evidence, did not
Justify him in sending the boy to the
State prison, but he should rather be
given * the" opportunity of behaving, him
self. As a motion had been made to con
tinue the case, he would do so from month
to month till' the boy was 21 years of age,
but if he should commit any offense In the
meantime he would be. taken into custody
and sentence would be pronounced against
him on ' the original charge. .The boy
would be ' released on ; his t own recogniz
ance, but he would" have to report to the
court every month. < '¦¦¦>
David S. Hirshbere 1 was recalled," and
eald that the boy could be given into the
care of his parents with perfect safety
and it would be a Just and proper thing
to do. To send him to the State prison
would, be utter ruination. •During^the
three years he had been superintendent he
had- only recommitted five boys.
- Attorney ?Fred Frye; who had:'spent' a
month at the school, gave the i boy a good
character.! - : . • ,
Captain A. J. Wood of Company A, of
which Bernstein was a member, testified
that the boy could not keep out of trou
ble. , He was always talking about every
one having it "In for him." The boy's
manner to the officials' was insolent. He
had not flogged the boy, as stated in a
newspaper, because he was suppocted of
setting fire to the Administration build
ing. *. The flogging was done by A. J.
Heelh. tke tailor.
A subflfena had been issued for Heeth,
but a return was made that he could not
be found, as he had gone to Los Angeles. •
For the boy, Mrs. Louise > Hirshberg,
wife of the former superintendent, testi
fied that she had found him always smart
ing under a sense of injustice and want
ing a "square deal." She thought the boy
was Quite fitted to go out.in to the world
and that he would make" an upright man.
He should have been released long ago.
A boy whom the officers considered I the
worst boy at the school was now making
a success in the .world, which; showed
that officers were often unjust' in- their
opinions: . . • ¦ -. /. . ': -
J Dr. C. B. Riddick, the present superin
tendent of the school, testified in effect
that he had never-seen a more incorrigi
ble boy and that he was totally depraved.
He had only been six weeks superintend
ent of the school, and he gathered the
facts on which to base, his opinion chiefly
from the "history book." which showed
the times he had been flogged and the
causes during his- successor's term of of
fice. He had ordered four boys recom
mitted since becoming superintendent and
there were others. In answer to the
Judge, he- eald the boy, ought not to be
sent'to a reform school, but to the State
prison. That was his deliberate opinion.
The. examination Into the chargres made
by the officials of the Preston School of
Industry at lone against Benjamin Bern
stein that he was incorrigible' and a de
generate was concluded by Superior Judge
Cool* yesterday morning. The boy retort
ed that he had been flogged and slapped
in the face" In an effort to force him to
confess that he had set lire to a building,
although he was innocent.
Judge Cook Orders Him In
to the Custody of"
His Parents.
YOUNG BERNSTEIN
GETS A CHANCE
Lost Boy Is Located.
The son of George Springer, the second
hand clothJnp dealer of 901 Folsom street.
who was taken from him by a man named
Coleman. has been located near Eureka.
The Society for 'the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children notified the parent, and It is
understood he will leave immediately to
regrain possession of his boy.
32
¦ "Klngsland Art Colors," for wood,' leath-
er and photos. At all the large stores. • v
"¦- FRUIT v GROWER :AND -TAILOR INSOL-
VENT— Petitions in insolvency ; were ; filed In
the United States District Court yesterday as
follows: ••¦• J. '. Luther!'. Bcrwers, =,'.> horticulturist,
Santa CUra, liabilities $63S 4G; no assets. Al-
bert Mueller, ladles' tailor. San Francisco, lia-
bilities, : $23r>5 2S; assets $1715 81.. .
¦¦BBBaflBBBaBBPBBBBSINnBaBBBBiaBBBflBHBHBBBaBI
¦ •••• 1 mTkmHj mmmm
! SUIT HOUSE,
I 1230, 1232, 1234 Market St.
g The End of. the GjGANTIC CLOSING
I OUT SALE— the Most Successful •
§ Sale Ever Held in This City
I Is at Hand.-
I ONLY 6 MORE DAYS LEFT!
§ /. I The balance of /our late fall 2nd winter styles of TAILOR-MADE
a SUITS, JACKETS. CAPES and SKIRTS must be closed out.
iPricesMust Force Them Out!
g $12.50 TAILORED SUITS at... JJ.05
g $1500 TAILORED SUITS" at... 52'SJ-
5 $1750 TAILORED SUITS at.... *!'?*
n $20.00 TAILORED SUITS at.... ;...;.|8.0o
H $3-50 JACKETS at , fj-fo
? $6.00 JACKETS at ..;.......... $2.4.»
B- $10.00 JACKETS at ; f 4 - Or »
S $15.00 JACKETS at ..97.4."5
I $3.50 CHILD'S CAPES at $1.50
9 S5.00 BLACK CAPES at $l.O5
3 $10.00 GOLF CAPES at V. ;....$3.93
m $17.50 FANCY GOLF CAPES at $10.00
m $5.00 BLACK CLAY WORSTED SKIRTS at ......}.. $2.45
B 42 ODD ALL WOOL SKIRTS at .HALF COST
¦ $25.00 RIVER MINK RUFFLED CAPES, choice quality at... ?15.0O
¦ $20.00 ASTRAKHAN CAPES at....... i... :..... §10.00
5 -$17.50 ELECTRIC.SEAL CAPES, chinchilla border, at .....RO.OO
5 Siaoo FUR COLLARETTESat.;...... 84.03
8 $4.00 ALL-OVER EMBROIDERED FRENCH FLANNEL
B . [- f $2.50 AMISILK WAISTS, lined throughout, at .... I ..,'" Jl*.45
; " ; : — — — — : ; - —..¦;•¦ ~~~ ! i !•"-, 'Halo 7 *. . *'i|s& Xaltfm.
Stale's. | < ¦. : .r Hale'a. v i: . ; • | Halo's. , . A __ _ . ¦ . . ____
We are making quite a show
An out-of-the-rut -occasion, sort of an opening, an introductibn-tirne for new shapes and styles, right on^the^ threshold of y^%^
".Spring it ought to be of much interest to you women with ; dress-making ahead,; for the corset season will be the basis of style. *n •./-^^
- tYou must have a new style corset if you get. the perfect effect from new style costumes. , _• > v. •'. . \C.\ j*
But about the three at a dollar: • :. ; - jjd /r v
The girdle for a dollar -the Empire for a dollar— the straight front for a dollar. \W-^>-,)yH
The straight front is the; shapeliest and most hygienic— we sell more of them than any other; the recent improvements in them make them adaptable J\
to any form — they are made of best sateen— 5-hook length, low bust— black or drab. ' . , -uun- : i - w/fl V^^V/^-?*^
The Empress Josephine Girdle is of imported sateen. ioj4 inches loner, trimmed with lace top and bottom and run with baby nDD0 "- , . ¦¦- J,Wk \ \S/U'il/\
Thompson's Empire is of imported sateen, too — 12 inches long, low bust, short hip and trimmed with lace and ribbon— black, araD ana wimc. . |^gy^||L \| $W\l i JrA
Flannel waists must go. ___^^^x^ Valentines -^g&j|p%f
Prices down to help them more. WX^Wf^%^^^^^^^t^f^^^^^^^f^ , at.Halc's In I&rficr va- "$Mr^ / j\\.
™ .• DJ , , . J W- W^^nf J.^/ \S2£^?Ai ricty and at lower v 0 ' \
• We are in earnest. Reductions are de- M'\ • "T*. J^^^^^^^?-^ / cC^ ices *
c\s\\6— and important. M V .' -<^»_^w P *
¦n • im ¦&% ml V^, /^\f -. _ . -.....-. Q U p 1 d 1S sly and subtle — easily coaxed and
Pnces are cut now while<you want the &C^^X. NeW bCaUtlCS easily •offeridid-^o be careful when Valen-
¦• waists, so that when you don t want them we [JkX vcc\ TV x 1VTT R-rwv*»* «w*^*^ ta ° 1^ .
won't have them. ' {„ -JhKrttiC tine day comes. Newest and most sugges-
EEDXTOEB TO T5c-FI.nnd waist-lined tack- ' III 0000115. tive ones here.
standinR collars— plain cuffs— mostly black— but a f*^^&^*S7' /?] n;*ri e-h™**, ~i Unlo'e I dozen fancy lace valentines for 5c
fine sprinkling of other^shades. , / ' FlfSt S/WWn, at- flute S. . Fancy lace valentines with embossed envelopes
. KEDUCED to $1.19-Ladies' blouse; and waists- f^n^^ My . The ribbon section is alia- •
of French flannel-stitched fronts 'and collars- / / / * iffl '&& ' vr, tu > ,u» .-•¦ and celluloid finished valentines in boxes
lined back— in grays— helios and rose shades— all J /\ \ I*/ .. flutter With the new. The Styles 20c, 25c, .3OC, .15C, 40C, 50c, 65c to $1.00 and $2-50
. sizes from .32 to 44- < / \ \ Ml ' are catchy — tempting The col- ' Comic valentines— 24 tor 5c
\\ I_ ¦ ors are : soft,' mellow-as fresh \ TnilirfliderV refflind TS
black and gray and a few colors. J /%S&> and new as the morning. Why L/IIIUIUIIIWIJ 1V11I1UU Ui
Jli'aaVi aAcrCk UitiAtntv Q* bs \^^.'. not be among the first to wear We have a fame far and wide for em-
BFUSIl eU!;e Dinaillg 0C # . v ..them? \ broidery, achievements. \ We haven't gained
Of pure mohair with corduroy top, full Professionalsalesladies are ready to tie them in any style you that by any half way^ methods. We go right
one inch wide, all colors and black— 1 5c like — free. ; . - Yo'headquarters for all we get. That ac-
quality. While it lasts this week: .... . . . ,8c ISc YD.—Newest French effects jn ribbons— 3^ inches wide— soft and heavy COUntS for the variety and the low prices.
Two Other extra good values in notions. ' „ -T^l? ite^/' ound with colored stripes. - . ¦ * At 17c 1200 yards. Nainsook and cambric em-
S3c YD. — The popular Lousaine weave — zY\ inches — in bright, attractive col- u ;j ' 9 \s. *n f> inrhe«s wide insertions from
3 YDS. WHITE TWILLED TAPE l/ 2 c_widths ors-spotted here and there with colored polka dots. It's the latest fad- ?/? 1^' inl wide wide-inseruons from
from y A to Va of an inch— quality that, was for- we'^e first to show it x/ \ 3 ? e • t, • A
merly said for 4 c. The ten gross we have left will 35c YD.-Liberty silk ribbon. 5 inches wide, soft spring shades daintily A £ 2SC h 15 ?? Sw " S I "JfjSS. £S3"
not last Jon* at this less than half price, ij^c. - touchedoff with triple stripes of K ilt.| ' . /- ! ?°° k ? m^ Old £™' I? 7»™ a w^_™h
CABINET HAIRPINS Sc_wire hairpins, too-plain 75c YD.-The swellest thin* ever shown in ribbon-a soft finish printed warp -•" »3 » 6^^^^ a^^nT^da
or crimped, heavy and invisible. With them are —delicate Persian patterns. used now lor trimming D3Dy ClOtnes ana under
-~ also 70 metal pins, black and white, with plush .' muslins.^ ;
¦ ¦ Linens«-triett and true. From the drapery store.
UV^ail^ aiiU VaVy WailiagWD Another list Of telling values. Good values in curtains and silkoline.
SPiliSiiii ol •' Ha,e-sa"Iinenst O re"-at i t I e we've won by sheer va.ue giv- ,^™^c^n» •j.^^- **
iney re unaer oou^nc mats wny. .uur . Qne thafc brings us the largest linen trade in the West. If yards long and full width-a splendid curtain for
advantage is yours. Wise folks are not slow y » d he , d Jose . ; >w are ahy n lookout . for bedroom purposes-our price for this week-per
to P-raso it / ' •!• - j . ¦• • pair, $1.00 and Sr.io.
00 <« V-- j *u . ...- every linen advantage. • . .• .. . Nottingham curtains— 91.23 and^i.so^-
* V£^?^$£i?*n*°2$^ S1Ze ~ W1 Some of the latest good things that have come our way are: Sh^3d«ll^
9O.O8-ReclininK co-carts-with removable cushions 72-INCH DA3SIASK 65c^-A pure linen, snowy white, woven in .the most g n o C od7 s rron^wen^st"d g do^" threr^thTkind
-new foot attachment-rubber tired wheels, and care f u l and thorou K h manner-io pieck . That wear well.
?O.9°S_Fu a il reclining go-cart— removable cush- TABLE LINEN AT $1.OO_A German damask, soft satiny, finish. 72 inches 1ET SLLKOLINE 10c— 1O OO yards^figured in neat
ions-sateen parasol— patent foot attachment- across— silver bleached. floral and Oriental designs— 36 . inches wide-the
brake and rubber tired wheels. GERMAN DAMASK $1.33-A sturdy table linen, pure white, -soft finish-2 regular i2/ 2 c quahty-your choice for this week
$ll.OO— Reed body.baby carnage— full size— uphol- • yards wide. ?f 75 patterns and. colorings.
stered with removable cushions— hood top— lined 3-4 Napkins to match, $4.00 a dozen. -• «/«aa < ' ¦% -t 4 -4 4» A
to match-foot brake and rubber tired wheels. '} 1200 yafflS 01630060 IIlUSllO VC-
Cotton flannels He. assr^^^ J^ r 36 inches wide "~ heavy ' strong quality *
Only a few hundred yards— they will be i^^^mL^M^ £5^ 7M /^^^ ' (^SSL Wflfl vmAq i(\rrh(\n Ixrw %r
gone in a jiffy-even a value like this is W^ 1™™" 13C6S 3C.
strange here where value giving is so com- G&£^&^*£ig^ 5^^ The we ll-known English cotton torchon
. mon — 30 inches wide — unbleached, a S^^Mg^a^^^^tyQjy qc*c>S>~^&^^ lace in the popular linen collar — very desir-
heavy,- fluffy quality. You'd guess it wa3 1^^^ " ll111 " able for trimming under muslins, wrappers
ioc if we didn't tell you it was y x Ac. \- \ Market ; street, ncBr.'sixth, opposite Golden Gate Avenue. and children's .dresses.
j Friedman s - Furniture ]
f <&'/ dO'ii lil !:HL- _ 1
1 Polished BraSS *op Rod and Knobs, White Enameled Beds. A [
g pleasing shape, a durable m2kc Regular price $7.50, now $4.10 f
I Other Redactions Through mistake of Eastern Factories furniture, 1
H we'd bought for Spring trade Is coming In a month ahead of time. Our 0
a warehouses are already crowded, so we have got to make room by mak- H
H ing reductions on things you want. It's your opportunity. ... if
& Dining Table Solid Oak. New design-regular J8. 50 $4.95 1
H Dresser f°* ld oak * v L;a »^ e ..? lirror# Eas y running, roomy otn on: H
I n i m WOT> " Yould like !t at r^ar P««, J17.50 vlU.JS |
p Parlor Table Dainty design, Golden oak. Regular $3.00 §1.45 |
B DflDenport Mahogany finish; Velour covered. Six feet ono e ft |
g of comfort & elegwce. Reduced from $35.00 -^^^^ g
B ROCOCO G0UCh C? mf °rtable Couch for a tired woman or" ©q ok _ B
a n. uwuuu vruum a lazy man.__Bright Velour. Was $17.50 $ y *^ 5 I
is Take the Whole /Piece 1
| At Half Price 1
Gj A busy year In our Carpet Department has left a lot of short lengths of E§
| most desirable kinds and patterns. If you've a room near the right size |
I it Is the best chance for a new carpet you've ever had. Suppose there are j
£ a few yards eft over, they'll make fine rugs, and they cost you nothing
like their value. There are many different lengths and patterns. These I
few sample lengths will give you an idea of how they run: \
20$ yard piece Smith's Tapestry; ' sells at $1.00, RQo. yd j
15 yard piece Smith's Tapestry; sells at $1.00, 5O c. yd
24 yard piece Stinson 's Tapestry sells at $1.00, 50 0. yd |
16 yard piece Sanford's Tapestry; sells at $1.00, 50 0. yd P
17 yard piece Smith's Velvet; sells at $1 .25, 65 0. yd H
I4i yard piece Smith's Velvet; sells at $1.25, 66 °- yd " >
19 yard piece Sanford's Velvet; sells at $1.25, 65 c yd
22. yard piece Smith's Axminster, ' sells at $1.35, 70 c, yd
23$ yard piece Smith's Axminster; sells at $1.35, 70 c. yd *
13 yardpiece Hartfbrd Axminster; sells at $1.50, 76 c. yd
14 yard. piece Body Brussels; sells at $1.50. 75 c. yd
110$ yard piece Body Brussels; sells at $1.50, 76 0. yd
7f yard piece Bigelow Axminster; sells at $1.75. 85c yd
8$ yard piece Body Brussels Stair Carpet at $1.40, 70 «• yd i
Will send a man to measure your rooms.
Sewed Laid and Lined at Above Prices. |
I Free delivery Oakland Al&meda Berkeley ' 3
j saj& M. FRIEDMAN & CO,
Eb (Incorporated) - . ' a