jj- ONDON. Jan. SO.— The Queen's
if funeral procession In London, as
'•\ indicated by the War Office
¦' * l " t *^ orders Issued this evening, will be
a porgeous military pageant. De
tachments of forty regiments, with an
almost equal number of distinctive uni
forms embracing all arms of the service.
will make a constantly changing picture.
The uniforms of all the great armies of
the world will appear, for in addition to
the brilliant entourages of the visiting
kings and princely envoys there will be
the military attaches of the embassies
and legations.
All the field marshals of the army able
to endure the fatigue will ride with their
staffs. The naval corps will also take
part In the procession, which will be two
miles long.
The War Office directs that Beethoven's
and Chopin's funeral marches only fhall
be played. From the time the coffin
reaches London to its departure puns will
slowly boom in Hyde Park.
Londoners are just awakening to the
full proportions of the obsequies and the
result of days of mourning which, to
numerous tradesmen and others means
absolute closure, and is causing conster
nation. Suddenly to stop every industry
in the United Kingdom and to turn the
maswF Into the streets with millions hop
ing- to concentrate all along the two miles
of the procession is an undertaking which
has begun to be fully appreciated by the
police, but the public of London is dis
mayed to find that all the great markets,
Covent Garden. Smithfield and others,
where the food of the metropolis is sup
plied, are to be absolutely closed at the
*>nd of the week. The railways of the
Tnlted Kingdom will reduce their ar
rar.rementa to the Sunday schedules.
Ttestaurants and bars will be shut, and
the crowds will have to wander in the
streets. London Is a world In Itself, living
from hand to mouth, and the closing of
the accustomed avenues for the supply
and distribution of food, drink and amuse
ment from Friday to Monday* means a
loss and inconvenience that no American
city could appreciate.
Th* newspapers protest against the lack
of arranpempnU for the press in London
and Windsor. Householders along the
route^are _H/.kin^_a_ i^ - ear's..rent this even
ing for single windows. A member of the
t.'nIte<J States Embassy sent an agent to
Fecure ,a window for his . family, but
neither Influence nor anything else could
procure a pmall window even on a side
Ftreet near St. James street for less than
£V/K and places of fair vantage have al
ready been engaged at prices prohibited
to any but millionaires. London learned
last year how totally Inadequate the po
lice and military are to protect, and the
apprehensions of Saturday's crush are
enough to appall Londoners, but appar
ently these considerations do not deter
thousands of every rank from flocking to
the metropolis.
Detachments Embracing All Arms of British Service arid
Uniforms of Great Armies of the World to Appear Amid
Brilliant Entourages of Visiting Kings and Princely Envoys
MILLIONS MASSING IN LONDON
TO VIEW GORGEOUS MILITARY
PAGEANT AT QUEEN'S FUNERAL
VOLU3IE LXXXLX-NO. 62.
PRIOEwFIVE /CENTS.
SAN FBANCisCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1901.
Continued on Page ThreeV
LONDON, Jan. 30.— The Westminster
Gazette says serious : riots have occurred
at Kieff University. Conflicts have taken
place between Ithe students and Cossacks.
In which many; of the former were killed
or wounded.
Many Students Killed and Wounded
in Conflicts With Cos
sacks.
SERIOUS RIOTS AT
TCTrTET TJNT VEBSIT"?
dents themselves against the practice. An
investigation at the naval academy doe*
not Keem to be . required."
Naval Committee relative to the pending
resolution touching hazing at the Annapo
lis Naval Academy. The Secretary says:
"Both the department and the superin
tendent would welcome any Investigation.
However, such an Investigation will
necessarily tend very much to demoralize
the academy" for the time being and prob
ably fcr tho rest of the spring term, in
terrupt:ng the course of study. No cim
plalnt has come to me during the time I
have been Secretary of the Navy of any
hazing at the academy. Had any such
case existed at the academy I feel confi
dent that the complaint would havo be«n
made.
•Trom th© best Information I can get
the practice of hazing has been min
imized by ifcfl better public scntimeT. of
late years, and the result of the r^cint
InvettiKatlon at West Point will undoubt
edly tend still farther to emphasize the
sentiment of the public and of the stu-
Committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3O.-Secretary
Long has addressed a letter to the House
Secretary Long States His Views in
a Letter to the House Naval
OPPOSES INVESTIGATION"
AT THE NAVAL. ACADEMY
• SHANGHAI, 'Jan.; 3O.-The North; China
Daily., News assertsthat while a quantity
of V Chinese 'gunpowder was;' being de
stroyed at Shanhaikwan there was" an ex
plosion and forty Japanese soldiers were
killed." V '•¦¦ ''¦' ;"vf--.- :-';>"-•:'¦ V V-1
Chinese Gunpowder at. Shan
.': •¦'; '•¦¦'. haikwan.' •; ::
FORTY JAPANESE
- , SOLDIEBS KILLED
Fatality Attends the Destruction of
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— Surgeon Gen
eral Wyman to-day received a." dispatch
from Surgeon Thomas at London stating
that the Consul at Glasgow : 385
cafces of smallpox, and that the disease is
spreading. He says there have been two
deaths ifrom .among the crew *of
the steamship Friary at Hull.
Surgeon General Wyman Receives
Dispatch Stating That Disease
Is Spreading.
HUNDREDS OF CASES OF
SMALLPOX AT GLASGOW
"Wo hope the awful conditions will
soon cease. The depravity and bestiality
also among our troops is enormously on
the increase. Large numbers of old sol
diers are sentenced to long term* in the
penitentiary and jail for murder, assault
or burglary. Our losses are certainly
greater that way than by death. Dis
eases are still . rampant, especially ty
phus. Dysentery Is decreasing. During
November there were nine deaths from
disease In Paotingfu alone, and also two
from powder explosions. One magazine
containing 450,000 pounds of powder wa3
blown up, but only one man was killed
and -three men -were wounded."
BERLIN, 30.— A special dispatch
to the Cologne Volks Zeitung from China
relates horrible • details about the war
fare of that country and says:
Committed by Germans.
Many Crimes Said to Have Been
DEPRAVITY AMONG TROOPS.
CORK, Jan. 30.— The proclamation of
King Edward VII as King of the "United
Kingdom: of Great Britain and Ireland
and Emperor of India hero to-day had a
mixed reception. There was much cheer
ing, but the crowd in the neighborhood
of the courthouse cheered for Mr. Kruger
and General Dewet. The ' people gen
erally, however, were good-humored.
Edward's Proclamation.
How Crowds of Cork Iteceive King
A strong naval force was then landed,
the available troops were collected and
the streets paraded and guarded all night
long. At daybreak the troops were drawn
up with loaded rifles In front of the place
where the West Indians were barricaded.
The latter were ordered to surrender and
were notified that If they did not do so
they would be fired upon. The mutineers
were finally cowed and taken to the camp
where they will remain under guard until
a troopship arrives to remove them.
CHEER. FOR BOER LEADERS.
MUTrNY. AT • ST. HELENA.
• "First— The Chinese Government must
give proof that it . is willing : and able . to
maintain peace and order in' the province
of 'Chihll ,' and to effectually protect mis
sionaries. Christians andother foreigners!
,* "Second— The Chinese Government must
state' in what mariner it will manage to
provide money for the payment of indem-
"Tientsin and the neighborhood of Shan
haikwan will have to remain occupied by
the international troops: until the follow
ing conditions are ruJfllled:
Count von Waldersee then calls atten
tion to the fact that it Is to
embark the foreign troops before March
on account of the frozen condition of the
rivers and harbors and lack of transpor
tation. * Count vori Waldersee continues:
"Before these changes can be under
taken the Chinese will have to make a
start at least toward fulfilling the con
ditions of the peace treaty. I believe that
for this purpose the actual infliction of
punishment on the guilty parties as de
manded by the diplomatic corps will be
sufficient, together with China's consent
to pay the different governments the war
indemnities to be demanded^ by them.
When this has been done the withdrawal
of the' foreign . forces from Peking and
Paotingfu may. follow. At the same time
the forces in Pechlll may be minimized."
PEKING, Jan. 30.— The plan of Com
mander In Chief von Waldersee for the
evacuation of Peking and other places
now held by. the allied troops was trans
mitted to the foreign Ministers to-day
through the various commanders of the
allies. Count "von Waldersee says:
China Must Inflict Punishments and Agree
to Pay Indemnities Demanded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
nitles. This must be satisfactory to the
powers."
During the transition period Count von
Waldersee states that the international
troops must remain as follows: Force cf
2000 in Peking, to protect legations; In the
district of Tientsin. Lutai and Taku,
about 6000; at Shanhaikwan, 1500.
There must be small garrisons of 200 or
300 men along the railroad line. The com
mander in chief suggests seven of theso
stations. ?-'••'¦. "*« V :
Military stations on the Pelho at Hoshl
wa, Matow and Tungchow will remain
occupied until the evacuation of Chihll
province.' The provisional government at
Tientsin will remain In force during tha
transition period. ,
In another- letter Count von Waldersee
says that fn time of peace it will not b8
necessary to occupy so many stations
from Peking to - the sea. but'' the allies
should have a garrison of 1500 at Tientsin,
and posts on the way to Peking sufficient
ly close together to enable them to patrol
the intervening distance daily.
COUNT VON WALDERSEE'S
PLANS FOR EVACUATION
ANTHONY, Kans., Jan. SO.— Mrs. Nation
was outdone, here to-dav when a band of
W. C. T.'U. women, headed by Mrs. Sher
iff of Danville, Kans., completely
wrecked the fixtures of four "joints,"
smashing plate-glass windows and mir
rors and turning gallon after gallon of
liquor Into the streets. The women, who
were of the best families in Anthony,
were accompanied by their husbands, sons
or brothers, who assured protection. No
arrests were made, and the band will. It
Is said, start out to-morrow morning on a
tour of destruction through Harper Coun
ty, which is prolific m saloons.
Mrs. • Sheriff, who led to-day's raid, la
under bond to appear nt Danville in April
to answer a charge cf saloon-wrecking
placed against her six weeks ago. ,Mrs.
Sheriff came to Anthony late yesterday
arid worked all night, procuring hatchets
and other implements of destruction, and
It was 2 o'clock this morning before she
had perfected plans for the raid. The
women began their attack shortly after
daybreak, taking the saloon-keepers and
the town officials by surprise.
| Among the brigade were two or three
schoolgirls under age, N who did some of
the 'most effective smashing. A greater
part of the havoc was finished before the
police or Mayor were aware of what was
going on. The actual damage to personal
property, aside from the liquor destroyed,
is placed by the saloon-keepers at $2000.
. For a'tlme the whole town was In an
uproar, and it was feared that personal
violence would result. The first place at
tacked was situated in the rear of a drug
stote, which was forcibly entered from the
rear. It contained costly bar fixtures
and a valuable cash register. "Within a
few minutes the women had smashed
everything in sight, but In their hurry to
finish this job and go to other places they
overlooked the bulk of the liquor stored
away.
Half a block down the street the sec
ond scene of Joint-smashing was enactei.
They found this saloon locked, but axes
were applied and the whole glass front
was smashed In. Here their work was
more complete. The .building, a great
plateglass mirror and everything in sight
was reduced to the maximum of the Mr*.
Nation Idea. The proprietor was smashed
on the head with a. beer bottle and his
•blood 'railed with tlie flow of liquor? over
the floor.
In quick succession two other, places a
short distance down the street were sub
jected to similar treatment, the fixtures
smashed and all the liquor turned into the
gutter.'
The women then prayed within sight of
the wreckage they had spread. One wo
man, in an appeal to the Almighty, asked
that he guide them to other dens of In
iquity and direct their footsteps to rum
cursed towns in. Kansas. This prayer was
Interpreted to mean that the Anthon-,'
women would extend their crusade and
word was hurriedly tent over the tele
phone wires to adjacent towns by local
saloon sympathizers who wished to warn
their fellow jointists. No arrests were
made.
As a seauel to the raid a number of
young men and two or three small boys
became drunk. During the excitement
they had followed the crusaders into the
saloons and secured a quantity of whisky,
wine and beer.
The young men of Parkdale, a suburb
of Topeka. have organized what they call
a "Hatchet Club." They favor Mrs. Na
tion and her mode of closing saloons.
A special from Coffewille says: Every
Joint in Montgomery County is closing to
day 'as a result of the action of County
Christian Temperance Union Workers
Organized by Mrs. Sheriff, Guarded by
Men, Smash Glass and Spill Whisky
WOMEN WRECK FOUR
SALOONS IN THE TOWN
OF ANTHONY, KANSAS
Attorney Dana, who served notice on the
keepers' that they would not be .permitted
to run longer.
TO FOLLOW MRS. NATION.
Topeka Women Organize a Band to
Wreck Saloons.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Jan. 30.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation to-day organized a band of forty
six women to follow her leadership and
assist In wiping out joints. The band was
formed at a mass meeting of women
called by Mrs. Nation and presided over
by her at the Presbyterian church. Every
seat was occupied. Mrs. A. F. Dumenll
was elected local president and Mrs. Wil
liam Usher secretary. These women will
take charge of the work in Topeka dur
ing Mrs. Nation's absence. The others
agree to follow the crusader wherever
she. may lead and to do her biding at a
moment's notice. Mrs. Nation announced
that they would go ahead regardless of
the W. C. T. U. They would, she said,
give warning before resorting to violence.
Remarkable enthusiasm was displayed at
the meeting and Mrs. Nation was cheered
to the echo.
Robert F. McCulloch. County Attorney
of Harper County, was In Topeka to-day
and appeared surprised at the report of
the joint smashing at Anthony.
"I have not been able to close the Joints
in Harper or Anthony because the city
authorities favqr them," said he. "They
told me it was none of my business and
I have not made a detective of myself."
, Mr. McCulloch appeared to be pleased at
the course things have taken at his home.
. Chief of Police Stahl announced to-night
that when Mrs. Nation raided a joint
here he would arrest her so as to make
a test case. He wants to|ascertaln If a
saloon-keeper has any rights under the
law and if saloon property can be pro
tected.
TO START COUNTER CRUSADE.
Question of Prohibition Again to Be
Passed to the Legislature.
WICHITA, Kans.. Jan. 30.— At a private
meeting of business men held here to
night a. suggestion was made that may
solve the problem of how to meet the cru
sade started by Mrs. Nation. The sug
gestion is to open a counter crusade
against the prohibitory law and immedi
ately ask the /Legislature now in session
to resubmit.the prohibitory amendment to
a. vote of ; the 'people. .This, it is thought,
would open up the question of saloons or
no saloons in Kansas for legitimate dis
cussion outside ' of hatchets and stove
shakers.' "Wichita business men think the
time has been made ripe by the action of
Mrs. Nation and the Anthony crusaders
for the Legislature to take action on the
question of resubmisslon, which all Leg
islatures have dodged for twenty years.
Representative Lullng and Senator Tapp
will each receive a resubmisslon resolu
tion from Wichita to-morrow.
WRECKS A BOSTON BAR.
Mrs. Nation.
Mrs. Green Gets in Jail by Imitating
BOSTON. Jan. 30.— Mrs. Mary Green,
who seemed to be familiar with, the meth
ods of Mrs. Carrie Nation of Kansas,
wrecked a Cambridge-street barroom last
evening and to-day was sentenced to serve
a term In Deer Island House of Correc
tion. Mrs. Green not only laid the bar
tender low with a plate but also broke the
barware. shattering several plate glass
mirrors, and drove the frightened patrons
of the establishment into the wine cellar.
"I'm Carrie Nation," she yelled, "and
I'll leave no rum shop in the town when
I get through/' y** .. .
J ," " • ¦'. ¦ ¦''¦•" •,."V ¦¦-¦ - WV?-S
'LONDON, Jan. Sl.^It is reported unof
ficially, 1 says the CapegTown correspond
ent of Daily .^Matjf that General De
wet has entered Cape C*olony with a fairly
strong r force; ; .* The ' *- t impatience felt In
England 1 at*thV'slow4progress of the op
erations In South, Africa is not warranted,
as "preparations are bcijig made for a gen
eral'movement^ sbortl>|
Lord Kitchener reports to the War Of
fice under date of -Pretoria, January £3,
as follows: ','•'• V«
"Dewet has been engaged by Knox forty
miles north"- of" Thabdnchu. Xo details.'
Dewet Intends again attempting an inva
sion of Cape Colony.'^!
"Smith-Dorrien has;r^turned from Caro
lina, having dispersed the Boers.
"A force of Boers Ihis morning entered
Berisburg .'and damaged two mines. Com
maniJant-SIarals' Isamong the prisoners
taken." T .
Kitchener, Reports Knox m
'< ;|attif itfr 'the Bold
Daring Gferal Has
• a Fairi| Strong
Fofce.
DEWET LEADS
BOERS INTO
CAPE COLONY
On January 25. Mr. Flewln left Port
Simpson to Investigate the wreck and
learn all of the particulars possible.
The wrecked schooner was a small ves
sel, the Kione, a trading vessel belong
ing to Point Roberts. Little was known
of her up the coast, other than that she
had been seen at some- of the rancherlas
trading with the Indians. It la thought
that the dead men found on the schooner
did not comprise the entire list of dead.
According to the story of the Indians,
clothing was fopnd that Indicated that
three men had been on the schooner just
prior to the disaster, and on the beach
at Dundas Island, the Indians reported,
was the clothing of children. It was not
possible, from, the story of the Indians
to find how or when the schooner had met
disaster.
white man.
VICTORIA. Jan. 30. — News was brought
by the steamer "WHlapa, which returned
from Northern British. Columbia ports
to-day, of a wreck and loss of life dur
ing the recent storm. On January 24 two
Indians arrived at Port Simpson and re
ported to John Flcwln. the Government
officer there, that they had found at Dun
das Island the previous day a schooner
drifting, with the body of one whito man
in the cabin, lying with one arm hanging
over the hatchway and with a life belt
around his waist. Lashed to the rigging
was the body of another -unidentified
Meets Disaster Off Dundas
Island. ¦
The Kione, a Small Trading Vessel,
TWO BODIES FOUND ON"
A WRECKED SCHOONER
The revenue cutter Grant was seen an
chored at Cloose, bound north on her
cruise of investigation.
On this Island near Xootka was found
a -number of tins of salmon, with other
wreckage. The wreckage was picked up
by Indians two weeks ago. There Is no
clew to the identity of the vessel from
which It came. Whether the salmon Is
more of the lot found near Astoria some
days ago. as a result of which there la
some talk of a disaster to the Ardna
murohan. cannot be stated.
Other wreckage was picked np on a
rmall island about a mile out from
Kynquot There a pair of oars about ten
feet long, stamped with the letter "H."
Tvere found and a bundle of corn brooms
and much lumber of all kinds, the
beaches being littered for miles both them
and at various points all along the Island
coast.
The Andrada entered the Columbia
River about six weeks ago from Santa
Rosalia and took on board Pilot Cord!
r.er, intending to cross the bar next morn
ing. During the night, a gale sprang up
and the vessel was blown to sea and 13
believed to have been wrecked. It was
thought that she had been driven north
en the Vancouver Island coast, but the
return of the Queen City from her cruise
to the extreme north of the Island dis
proves this. Officers of the steamer con
sider that she has turned turtle and be
lieve more wreckage will come ashore
from her before long. -V "
\'ICTORIA. Jan. SO.— The steamer Queen
City returned from the west coast to
night, bringing news of* the finding of
more wreckage, too scattered, though,
and Insufficiently identified to definitely
solve the mystery of what ve33el It had
come from. One piece of wreckage, how
ever, seems to indicate the fate of one
of the large missing vessels, the ship An
drada. Three or four days ago Light
house Keeper Daykln found a piece of
teak, evidently the back part of a ship's
boat. In which wa3 cut the letters "An
drada." This piece of teak, which was
picked up by Daykln on Bonilla Point, is
evidently from one of the boats of the
missing ships.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
Seamen Believe SeveralVes
sels Were Lost During
a Recent Gale.
Evidence TM the
Ship Andrada Has
Foundered..
WRECKAGE
STREWS THE
SHORE LINE
arms as the Alberta passes each ship and
then rest on their arms reversed until the
procession has passed. A- detachment'of
marines and the admiral's band v.-fll be on
board Nelson's old flagship, the Victor, ly
ing In Portsmouth harbor. .
All the sea front and dockyards will be
manned by marines and sailors, "while
Barrow Island ls r to be manned by boy3
from the training-ship St. Vincent' and
men from the gunnery ship Excellent.'
LORD ROSEBERY'S EULOGY.
Says Victoria- Was the Chief of
European Sovereigns.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— Lord Rosebery pre
sided at a special meeting to-day of
Royal Scottish Corporation, called in Lon
don to pass resolutions expressing sorrow
at the death of Queen Victoria and con
gratulations on the accession of King Ed
ward VII. There was a. large attendance.
Nearly all the Scottish Lords were pres
ent.
Lord Rosebery, remarking .. that ¦- he
would pass lightly over the congratula
tory part of the programme, said his Ma
jesty's speech at the Privy Council meet
ing sufficiently indicated the laws by
which he Intended his reign should, be
governed, thus promising to make his rule
no less Illustrious than that of his parent.
Lord Rosebery then dwelt In eloquent
terms en the life and death of Queen' Vic
toria, saying that In the whole history of
mankind no dtath had touched such a
large number of persons. There \ was
scarcely an intelligent individual in the
civilized world but was profoundly moved.
He wondered If her subjects yet realized
how much they had lost, and what an
enormous weight the Queen had in the
councils of the world. It was not bril
liancy or genius which could supply the
advantages she gave Great Britain, but
her fund of knowledge, which was un
equaled by any constitutional historian.
It was no disparagement of other kjngs
to say she was the chief of European
sovereigns and her influence in the coun
cils of nations was always used for
peace, freedom and good government.
Lord Strathcona and Mount Royal sec
onded the resolutions.
QUEEN'S FAVORITE
HYMNS TO BE SUNG
Vast Will Attend . Service
in the Pavilion Sat
urday.
All the arrangements for the Queen
Victoria funeral service, which will be
held next Saturday afternoon In the
Mechanics* Pavilion, "are practically, com
pleted.
The demand for tickets Is so large that
the committee desires to announce 7 that
WINDSOR. Jan. 30.— Several of the
younger members of the royal family ar
rived here this evening. - Rehearsals of the
distinctive . features , of . the obsequies fare
recurring constantly, i Practically .the*
People of All Stations Send Blossoms
to Windsor.
A special requiem mass "Anglican" will
* >8. rendered at the Church of the Advent,
Eleventh and Market streets, to-morrow
morning at 11 for the repose of the soul
of the late Queen Victoria. Rev. Herbert
Parrlsh will conduct the service and, the
mass will be sung by a large choir, under
the direction of Wallace Sabin, F..R. C.
O. Algernon Aspland will sing the of
fertory solo and Organist Sabin will play
Stainer's Mass In F, which Was a favorite
composition of the dead Queen.
GREAT . MASSES OF' FLOWERS.
The doors of the Pavilion will be opened
on Saturday at 1:15 p. m. and tha service
will begin at 2 o'clock.
The committee requests all old soldiers
and sailors ¦ who served ¦ the Queen and
who may be In the city to attend the ser
vices, wearing their uniforms and medals.
They will be furnished with tickets by
applying to Dr.- Frederick' d'Evelyn at
his office in the Phelan building.
' Elaborate precautions will be taken for
.the safety of the audience at the Pavilion.
Six -trained nurses, three physicians and
an ambulance will be on duty and a de
tachment of police and firemen will also
be detailed by the chiefs of- the two de
partments.
• Consul GeneralPickersglli and Assist
ant .Consul Moore will receive the invited
guests 'and previous to the commencement
of ! the : service Highland dirges ! will be
played. by pipers in full costume.
The funeral service will be marked by
the absence of any speeches. A choir of
350 voices- "will sing- the favorite hymns of
the late Queen and. an orchestra of fifty
pieces will render, funeral marches. In
cluding those • which Queen Victoria
selected to^bc ining at the funerals of her
relatives, and distinguished subjects. On
the' platform -will be thirty prominent
clergymen and ministers, thirty-six mem
bers of: the ; consular corps, nine army of
ficers, 'twenty-six naval officers and fifty
four civic representatives. The Daughters
of' St. 1 George "will march to the Pavilion
and the apprentices and. boys of the Brit
ish ships In port, will parade from the fer
ry, to the Pavilion headed by a band.
the entire seating capacity of the Pavilion
Is already taken up. j There will be stand
ing room,' however, for 2000 people, who
will ,be admitted to the ¦" building: when
the holders of tickets have been seated.
DUKE OF CORNWALL AND TORK. HEIR APPARENT TO THE BRITISH
THRONE, WHO IS TOO ILL WITH GERMAN MEASLES TO ATTEND
THE QUEEN'S FUNERAL. FROM HIS LATEST PHOTOGRAPH.
yachts will remain in the harbor that
night.
Minute guns will be Gred by all the ships
in the Solent and at Cowes commencing
when the Alberta leaves the pier. Eacli
Fhip will be directed tj cease firing Im
mediately after the tail of the procession
hsJk passed her. After the procession has
passed the Majestic, the forts and ships
In Portsmouth harbor will commence fir
ing minute guns and continue firing until
the Alberta Is alongside the wharf. N6
t-tandards will be displayed and ensigns
and Union Jacks will be at half-mast.
The bands are to play the funeral marches
of Chopin and Beethoven only. No na
tional anthems will be played.
On the approach of the procession tha
ships will be manned and the guards and
bands will be paraded. The officers will
wear full dress and th<» men "No. 1 rig"
and straw bats. The guards will rreseut
PORTSMOUTH. Jan. 30. —The warships
are assembling for Friday's gTcat nava!
I-agreant. The arrangements which have
been completed provide that eight tor
pedo-boat destroyers will lead the pro- ;
session from Cowes, followed by the royal
yacht Alberta with the Oueen's body on
board, the royal yacht Victoria and Al
bert with King Edwara and Queen Alex
andra, thr- Kngiish royal fainfty, the royal
yacht CH=borne with other royal person
ages, the imperial yacht Hohcnzollern
with Emperor WilUam, the Duke and
Duchess of Conr.aufftt and others: the
Admiralty yacht Enchantress and a Trin
ity House yacht with officials on boarJ.
The main squadron of battleships and
cruisers will be moored two and a half
cables apart In one line, extending from
Cowes to Spithead. Tlie channel fleet,
under the command of Vice Admiral Sir
Harry Holdsworth Raw-son, will form the
rastern portion, and the reserve fleet, un
d?r Rear Admiral Sir Gerald Henry Noel,
will form the western portion. The for
eign war vessels are t<> be moored south
west of the British ships in the order of
their arrival, and alongside of them will
be moored eight British gunboats, the An
telope, Gleaner. Skip Jack, Leda, Rattle
snake, Alert, Circe and Speedwell.
After leaving Trinity pier the Alberta
with her attendant escort will Eteaxn alon?
the deep channel between the coast' and
the Isle of Wight and the single line of
battleships and crulseis. The main line
will be as follows, beginning at Cowes:
The Alexandra. Campcrdown. Rodney.
Benbow, Collincswool, Colossus. Sans
Parell. Nile. Howe. Mclamous. Se\-ern.
Galatea, Bellona, Pactolus. Pelorus, Di
ana, Conqueror, Arrogant, Minerva. Nlobe,
Hero. Hood, Trafalgar. Resolution. Jupi
ter. Hannibal, Mars, Prtnca George and
Majestic.
On arrival at Portsmouth the royal
Many Ships of War to Extend From
Cowes to Spithead.
GREAT NAVAL PAGEANT.
The San Francisco Call.
West Indian]Troops ;Guarding Cronje
« Go on the Rampage.
.J' LONDON. 'Jan. : -30^— The West Indian
troops stationed at the Island of St. ! Hel
ena, where General CIronJe and a large
number of Boers? are held prisoners, mu
tinied January 2,' raided the town, terror
ized the Inhabitants.^, injured many of
them. -defied- their officers and were only
finally subdued when faced by the muz
zles of rifles. The censor suppressed the
news, but the Associated Press has re
ceived the* story; by. mall. The trouble be
gan with a row <?nf.the night of January
1 between some bluejackets and a- party
[of the West; Indians. " : On the following:
night the West" Indians broke out of the
barracks and ? ra!d<?<l/fhft-iown. They ran
amuck, jcutting and" beating .women, chllr;
dren and men Indiscriminately, and at
tacked' the' Sailors' Rest, tearing 1 out the
doors and windows. All. the efforts of the
officers to suppress the mutiny were fu
tile. When ordered to the camp they . *e
fused to obey and threatened to dynamite
the town.SOME OF THE PROMINENT PERSONAGES WHO FIGURE IN THE PARIS COMMISSION INQUIRY.
t : ' L^li ' r ' ¦" ' ; • ; - : ' ¦-
Special Diapttch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 30.— The second
reading of Assembly bill 190, ex
empting portions of the property
of Stanford University from tax
ation, precipitated a lively tilt In the As
sembly. After a heated debate an amend
ment offered by Guilfoyle, striking out
the lines providing for exemption from
taxation of bonds held by the university.
was defeated by a vote of 27 ayes and «
noes, and .by a vote of 47 to 13 the bill was
passed to the third reading.
Guilfoyle offered the amendment In ac
cordance with the wishes cf the Feder
ated Mission Improvement Clubs of San
Francisco. Wright of Santa Clarx, wha
introduced the bill, opposed the amend
ment. He said the people had adopted the»
Stanford University constitutional amend
ment by a much . larger vote than was
given any other amendment; that the uni
versity authorities were asking much less
than they were warranted In asking un
der that amendment, and that the As
sembly would only be carrying out the
will of the people respecting a great edu
cational Institution If it should vote down
Guilfoyle'9 amendment.
Sutro said the object of the bill was to
enable 'the university to make profitable
Investments in local bonds. The adoption
of the amendment would simply force tha
investment of some millions of dollars In
foreign bonds, the State losing the advan
tages- of the employment here of that
much capital.
Cowan favored the amendment, assert
ing that the State had been liberal in
Its treatment of Stanford Kniverslty and
the treatment had not been returned- in
kind. He favored the exemption of the
university's real estate now, with a delay
of two years before its bonds should ba
exempted also.
"The University of California," said
Brown of San Mateo. "is supported by
the people of the State for the Bame pur
poses for which Stanford is supported by
private munificence. We are asked to ap
proximate sums fkggtega.tlns nearly $250,
000 in addition to the regular income of
the State University. The people, de
manding liberal treatment of the one.
have a!so expressed their wish for liber
ality toward the other In the manner ex
pressed in this bill. By votUtg down this
amendment you will be acting for the best
Interests of the cause of education and
at the same time carrying out the will
of the people."
Bauer, Walker and Wright spoke In op
position to the amendment Schleslnger
added his voice to the opposition to the
exemption of bonds. The vote indicates
that the. bill will pass^ by a large ma
jority. . .
Declslvelu Votes Down an,
Amendment Proposed
hu Guilfoule.
AssemblD Passes the
Exemption Bill to
Thlrfl ReaOing.
STANFORD'S
FRIENDS IN
MAJORITY
SERGEANT~AT~ARMS TAKES CHARGE OF ATT0RNEY FOOTE
d .--.:.--,¦.:. ¦ . . . . ¦ -¦¦'¦-
THE SAN CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1901.
Fresno Forwards a Demand.
FRESNO, Jan. 30.— The Fresno Bar As
sociation, the Chamber of Commerce and
the Merchants' Aesoclationhave Joined In
the demand for sessions of the proposed
Appellate Courts In Fresno and have sent
James Gallagher, the secretary of the Bar
Association, to Sacramento to present
the demand of this city to the Legisla
ture. Mr. Gallagher ¦will arrive in Sacra
mento to-morrow and there , will co
jperate with the members of the Leglsla
:ure of this valley In the demand.
CAUCUS DISPOSES OF
\ PATRONAGE MUDDLE
Pieces Together Enough Scraps to
Make Assembly Places for
Five Men. )
Jz&rA T HEAD QUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— The Republican As
semblymen in caucus this afternoon found
a way out of the patronage muddle. The
patronage committee succeeded in pick
ing Up enough bits here and there to piece
i og . ether and Sive employment to five ad
tiitional men. Those chosen were the
porters, who have Veen doing duty wlth
0l t J P ay under the atrgeant-at-arms. They
win be nominated oy resolution for vari
ous duties, but will be assigned ultimately
to the- work they are doing now. -
.Steppacher, Geary and Delehanty will
get : positions without protest, outside 'of
the regular patronage list, since the cau
cus originally agreed to the appointment
of them. Mnny of the members of the
majority regret this former action, but
will not break a caucus decision, j
Some one proposed at the caucus to-day
that one of the new attaches. be assigned
to the position of gallery doorkeeper.
Melick objected that one attache had al
ready been assigned to that place, and
the answer- was that the new man could
be put on'the other side of the door.
s It developed In caucus that the Assem
bly postmistress wants another letter car
rier, because the one already employed
has to. make as many as elght>rlps to
the postofflce.
Hourlgan of San Francisco made a
characteristic speech In the caucus. He
said:. -...¦¦- ;- i ...
¦."You fellers hadn't ought to tell the re
porters what -happens In. these here cau
cuses. Let's us fellers stand together. If
we don't we might as. well be Democrats
and .be done with It. . These here news
papers find > out too much, and us San
Francisco gentlemen get all ' the roast
Like as not'some of the reporters are
hidln' up there behind the clock -now."
LIMITS MEANING OP
' WORD "CONSPIRACY"
Assemblyman Evatt Offers a Bill in
t^e Interest of Organized
• Labor. *
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— Myers introduced In the
Assembly this morning a bill amending
the act establishing county boards ,of
horticulture; by, providing that It shall be
the duty., of the professor '. of entomology
of -(he College- of Agriculture of the Uni
versity of California to examine all appli
cants for a license -as. Horticultural Com
missioner^ or Horticultural Inspector, for
which'' service the examiner" shall "receive
a fee of jr.. . ;. ; . . I ¦ . • : ;•':
. Guilfoyle - introduced a bill . compelling
the use of the label of the Allied Printing
Trades * Council • or of the International
Typographical Union upon all printing
done for. the State or for which the State
is chargeable.- ¦ \" - ; :
Evatt offered a bill to limit' the meaning
of th« word "conspiracy" and the use of
"restraining orders'* and "injunctions,", as
applied to disputes between employers and
employes. The bill provides that "no ar
rangement, combination or . contract by • or
between two or more persons to; do or to
procure to be done, or' not to do or procure
not to be done, any act in contemplation or
furtherance of any trade dispute between
employers and- employes in the State of
California shall' be deemed criminal, nor
shall those engaged therein be indictable
or otherwise ; punishable • for the crime of
conspiracy, If such act committed by, one
person would -not "ibe^- punishable .as '. a
x:rtme;; nor .'shall such agreement, com
bination or - contract be . cosldered ¦ as in
restraint of trade or commerce," nor shall
any restraining order or injunction be is
sued with relation thereto.". ..-..
.^vecDer: Introduced a bill i appropriating
$10,000 for the purchase of 160 acres of land
adjoining the lands now; owned 1 by • the
State Hospital at Napa, the tract being
known as the Kruse ranch; one appropri
ating $5000 for an elevator for the hospital;
another," $25,000, for the construction, of
two cottages for tuberculous patients; an
other, • 83000, for wiring the hospital for
electric lights, and another for $25,000 for
the reconstruction and repair of the sewer
pipes and plumbing of the hospital.
•Ralston Introduced a bill authorizing
telephone companies to ¦ lay conduits . or
erect poles for. wires In the Btreets . of
municipalities, under such general regu
lations as the municipality may prescribe
for damages, upon the condition that the
municipal government shall have the
right to regulate the charges for ' tele
phone service. The ¦ author of the bill
explains that its; purpose Is to make it
possible for competing telephone ; com
panies to establish themselves In munici
palities In the face of opposition from
existing companies. .
BACK FROM ITS TRIP
TO THE SOUTHLAND
ings Returns From Los
Angeles.
Asssmbly Committee on Public Build-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. , 30.— But two ; bills were
passed | in the Assembly to-day." One was
Higby'B bill, 2^2. relating: to the preserva
tion of flsh; and the other was Guilfoyle's
measure. Assembly bill 82, amending the
act. to establish and support a bureau" of
The * Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds returned this morning from
its. junketing trip Into Southern Califor
nia. - - It visited the . San , Diego • State Nor
mal .School and the Los Angeles State
Normal School, "and : the : members are
well pleased with both institutions.- It
is probable, • however, • that the committee
will not .:. recommend . - the appropriations
for which" they ask.' .
out the poolrooms. Since they were not,
he did not believe it the province of the
Legislature to pass laws which would de
prive the municipality of the right to de
cide such questions for itself.
After < the discussion had lasted soma
time It ' was- agreed to amend the bill by
the Insertion of a clause specifying that
nothing in the act should be construed
to deny to the municipality the right to
pass ordinances prohibiting the selling of
pools. In executive session the deci
sion was, by the vote heretofore an
nounced, to report the bill as amended,
with the recommendation that it do not
pass. 5SsP&8
LOBBY OF 'PHYSICIANS
INVADE THE CAPITAL
Seek to •Amend Bills Establishing a
State Soard of Medical
Examiners.
CALL HEADQUARTERS.* SACRA
MENTO, Jan.. 30.— A delegation of San
Francisco physicians Is in town.- They
will attempt to have the bills estab
lishing a State Board of Medical Ex
aminers amended. .The bills, as drawn
vest the appointment of the nine examin
ers in the State medical societies of the
allopathic. . , homeopathic , and /eclectic
schools. The physicians who arrived to
night seek to.* have : the "appointments
made either by the Governor or the State
Board of Health. .The visiting. physicians
are Dr. Wlnslow Anderson. Dr. Charle3
Boxton, Dr. D. A.' Hodghead. Dr. W. J.
Jackson and Dr. W.F Southard.
J. P. Dockery is here, again, from'San
Francisco in the interests of the pure food
bill.'-' " . '. .. ¦>'.¦ .'*" ". ; v : ,' .1 ¦ - - ; • : :
damaged; Gaskill passed on to Emlay to
explain. . .
' He explained that he sold the exhibits,
not at public auction, but after he had ob
tained offers from three or four firms."
The offer of $460 was the largest and he
accepted that. It was all he could get
for an exhibit that, in one way or an
other, had cost the State $116,000.
Attorney General Tlrev L. Ford wai
brought into the case at thla point, to tell
what advice he had Riven the commis
sioners about the limits of the phrase
"traveling expenses." Gasklll had said
upon the stand that Ford had given it as
his opinion that traveling expenses in
cluded hotel bills, and Ford partially cor
roborated this by 3aylng that' he and
Foote agreed practically upon this Inter
pretation: but he said he had given no
definite opinion. He was asked if he wou>d
advise the committee, and he -said he
would be glad to, but he asked that they
communicate with him In writing and
allow him to file a written opinion, as thj
law directs.
Then Emlay returned to the stand to
tell of the medals. He said ho had writ
ten to exhibitors at his own suggestion,
and that he had taken sole charge of the
medals. He said Oore's schedule of $3 60
for a silver medal. 50 cents for a bronze
one, and $12 for a gold one referred to the
medals to be Issued by the Government.
These, he said, would not be issued for a
long time, but In the meantime a man
named Lathaun Aine of 50 Avenue Bos
quet. Paris, had obtained from the French
Government the right to issue imitations
of the official medals, and it was*these he
had purchased. He showed a printed price
list which listed these medals as follows:
Silver-plated. $15; bronze. $10; heavy gilt.
$20. Emlay was asked why he had charged
$20 for bronze, $25 for sliver and $30 for
gold, and he said it was because he had
procured a medal of Detter quality thaa
that scheduled. He showed a receipt
which read:
7 grand prlxs, at $35 $243
28 gold medals, at $30 ;.... S4O
9 silver medals, at $25 223
4 bronze medals, at $20 joo
Total $!.«->
No one on the committee seemed to no
tice the discrepancy of the last Item
four bronze medals at $20 each, making a
total of ?100. f
There was a note at the bottom of the
receipt saying the medals had been deliv
ered on Emlay's signature and without
certificates. Emlay was questioned close
ly about . the whole transaction, but he
would go no further than to say that he
had paid the amount the receipts showed
nnd that,: while he knew nothing of the
value of the medals themselves, he was
sure they had cost him all he had asked
for them.
The investigation will continue to-mor
row.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 30.— But for a row
with Foote, and his subsequent ar
rest by a sergeant at arms, the
Investigation of the Paris Com
mission to-day would have been-unleav
ened by Interest and dry as a column of
figures. It is true Varney Gasklll was
on the stand, but beyond being quick and
plausible in his explanation, his testi
mony had only the effect of passing on
to Emlay what had been passed on to
him, and when the committee adjourned
for the night Emlay was still attempting
to pass into thin air the charges and
statements that had come far enough
down the line to reach him. His efforts
met but' Indifferent success.
The row with Foote came up over a
question propounded by Melick regarding
the award to the Alaska Packers' Asso
ciation. The association had been given
a silver medal, and. apropos, of an at
tempt on the part of the commission to
raise this to a gold medal, Melick asked
Gasklll, who was on the stand, if either
he or Mr. Foote had any stock in the
company.- Foote was sitting in the cen
ter of the hall, and he spoke up at once:
"Yes, I have fifty shares, and I am
going to keep them," he said, and then,
despite the pounding of the chairman's
gavel, he went on: "I know that clipping
you are reading from and I say the state
ments made in it are lies."
But the committee had its experience
the day before, and was not* to be talked
at
"I move that the sergeant at arms take
charge of Mr. Foote," said Melick.
"I second the motion," said Treadwell,
and Bliss, with evident reluctance, put the
motion. Melick end Treadwell voted
"aye," and there were no noes. Then
there was a pause.
"I want .to know what has become of
my motion," demanded Melick.
"I called for votes and no one voted,"
said Bliss.
"Call the roll, then." suggested Melick,
and the roll was called, with the result
that Bliss alone voted "no."
There was another nause. and the pro
cedure being a new one, nobody seemed
willing to suggest anything until Melick
asked that the sergeant at arms be in
structed to inform Mr. Foote of the order
of the committee. The sergeant at arms
stepped gingerly forward and did not
TURNS DOWN BELSHAW'S
ANTI-POOLR0OM BH.Ii
Senat8 Corporations Committee De
cides to Becommend That It "'
f&'fiDo Not Pass. iVSiTd
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEXTO, Jan. 30.— Belshaw's measure,
known as the anti-poolroom bill, was
passed upon unfavorably by the Senate
Committee on Corporations to-night. After
a long consideration of the bill, whh ar
guments by its advocates, the committee
went into executive Besslon and very
promptly decided to report the bill with
the recommendation that it do not pass.
The vote stood 7. to 1, Senator Selvage
alone voting in the affirmative. Simpson,
Flint, Muenter, Onnal. Leavitt, Currier,
Cutter and, Ashe voted against a favora
ble recommendation. Lukens, Bettman,
Welch and Nutt were absent.
L. S. Beedy and W. G. Morrow . were
present, representing the Bausallto Mu
nicipal Improvement Club. They pre
sented arguments In favor of Belshaw's
bill. Their complaint was that the pool
room men were able to colonize a suffi
cient number of men in the community
to be able to defeat the will of the bona
fide residents. In ¦ consequence the State
would b,e justified in interfering by means
of the legislation embodied in the Belshaw
b*H. ¦ .
Senator Belshaw, the author of the Sen
ate bill, and Atherton. who introduced th«
bill in the Assembly, were both present
and defended the measure.
Senators Leavitt and Ashe took promi
nent parts in opposition to the bill. They
contended that, however desirable antl
poolroom legislation might be, it, ought to
emanate only from the local legislative
body, leavitt said- that while . undoubt
edly a large number of admirable people
in Sausalito were opposed to the pool
rooms, evidently a majority of the peoplo
were not. •„ If . they wero they coultf ahut
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Regarding the official price list Vwhich
Melick showed yesterday. Gasklll said, he
had never seen anything like it before.
He knew of no 6uch list In Paris and the
first one he ever saw was. that which
Melick showed. .'... .' ..-.'., •
The receipt given for wine to the South
ern California . Wine Association, which
Melick showed yesterday, was cited by
Gasklll as the only receipt of its kind he
was compelled to give. Part of this wine,
he said, was exhibited and the remainder
was given to the judges. That portion
which was exhibited was sold and the
company, Gasklll .said, would be paid
when the accounts were made up. There
Is now in- the commissioners' safe. $460 —
receipts for the sale of fittings and ex
hibits, which. will be paid to exhibitors.
When -he was -questioned about his trips
out of Paris Gaskiil feaid:
"When I went to Paria first I arranged
for the furnishing and fitting of the
rooms; The man who had the work in
charge said it would take three weeks,
and I thought It would be a good oppor
tunity, to • see the south of France, so
with my wife and Mr. Dargie 1 took a
trip from February 2t> to March 10. This
was at the advice of and with the consent
of Mr. Truman, who .was the only com
missioner in Paris at the time. He said
he would look out for my work while I
•was away, aqd, as the rooms were closed,
there was no work for Mr. Dargie. The
expense of the trip 1 bore out of my. own
pocket."
Melick then asked how Gasklll got his
appointment and Gasklll answered that
he supposed it was by the favor of the
commissioners. ¦ >
"I tried to get the position through
friends," Gaskill admitted.
"What powers did they give you?"
asked Melick. , ¦'
"They gave me power to collect this ex
hibit, and see it properly installed."
"Was there any resolution on the sub
ject?" . -i \
"No, isir." " ! .
"When did- they- give you a chance to
get hold of this money?!'
•Gasklll objected to the expression,
"chance to get hold of this money,", and
went on to explain that he never handled
any money except In Paris, when he was
given 5000 francs at a time, and these he
deposited at once. All his business, he
said, was transacted by checks. His own
expenses "before he went to Paris, he ex
plained, were paid by. himself and at tMe
end of the month his bills were approved
by the commission and he was reim
bursed.
In reference to- the selling of the ex
hibit, Gaskill said he. told Loeb, one of
the attaches, to do the best he cduld with
it, and he finally found a man who would
take the whole thing for $460. There was
much inquiry about' the wine exhibit and
where It all went to. but Gasklll was hazy
on the subject.
"Then you don't know If It was drank
up?" said Melick, with a reckless disre
gard of grammar; and not to be .outdone
ln grammatical license Gaskill positively
replied: ;•-»...
"Yes; I do know for a certainty that It
was not drank up." .
The case of the Sacramento River Pack
ing Company A and the Alaska Packers'
Association, the one that caused Foote
to be thrown into custody, was peculiar.
The River Company had written to Sen
ator Belshaw, who turned the letter over
to the committee, that It had heard from
Paris that it had been given a gold medal.
Then it heard it was on.y a medal Of sil
ver and then It dropped to one of bronze.
Then the company heard that the Alaska
Association had been given' first a' silver
medal, then a re-examination, and then
a gold medal. After Melick's question
about stock, ard the Foote suppression,
Gaskill denied that he ever had a share In
the company and then explained how the
medals were changed. It was a large com
pany, he said, and a California company,
and he thought if it were possible to ob
tain a re-examination of its exhibit it
would be given a gold medal. The re-ex
amlnatlon was obtained and the gold
medal was forthcoming, much to the cha
grin of the River Company, which de
clares its bronze medal salmon is selling
for $1 50 a case, where the Association sal
mon brings but $1 10. - ¦ t
'tWas any such effort made in behalf of
the Sacramento River Company?" asked
Melick, and It developed that there was
none. ..•.•:•'; ,
- Gasklll was then questioned on his ef
forts while in Paris to obtain the Amer
ican agency of some French 1 wines. He
did negotiate with a French champagne
firm until it got out a label with Gasklll's
name emblazoned upon it, but the nego
tiations fell through. Then Gasklll sought
the agency of an ale, but unsuccessfully,
and finally he obtained the agency of a
Scotch whisky. .-*-¦/
L. A. Emlay followed Gaskill. He
came to the stand loaded with the sins
that had been passed on down from Run
yon to Foote, from Foote to Gasklll and
from Gaskill to Emlay, and in his hour's
examination he did not do much toward
passing them further.
Emlay was first questioned about" his
letter offering to "care" for exhibits, and
he admitted that he hart""bverstepped. his
limits and had been "called down" for it.
Ho explained that none of the agencies
which he wished ¦ to . establish for ex
hibitors was to come into effect until
after the exposition, and the committee
neglected to ask'him-why one of his con
tracts, which, he said, was like all the
others, stated, that It should last only
while the exposition wasJn progress. .
The Davidson . specimen, which was
know just what to do. " He hesitated a
moment and. Foote eved him a moment.
Then the humor of the thing burst upon
the prisoner and he laugheu long and
loud, as did everybody in" the room but
the commltteemen. Before the laughter
had subsided Foote and „ the sergeant at
arms were shaking hands.
"I'm in custody, am I?!' demanded Foot?
of his captor, and the" 'crowd laughed
again.
This thoroughly exasperated Mehck,
who moved that should Foote annoy again
the sergeant at arms should. forthwith re
move him from the room. In the mean
time Foote had quieted down, and when
the motion was put and carried he re
marked that it was better to flee tempta
tion, so he invited the sergeant -U arms
out for a drink. This did not end matters,
however, for when the adjournment was
taken Porter Ashe advised the sergeant
at arms to learn Just where he stood, and
under Ashe's suggestion he addressed the
committee, saying that he was responsible
for Foote's board and lodging and his ac
tions, and he wished the committee to as
sume responsibility. The committee saw
the force of the situation and ordered
Foote discharged 'from custody.' "
Varney Gasklll, secretary of the com
mission, was called to the stand at 2
o'clock. He told of his appointment and
of his origin*] salary and then of the
raise to $300. which, he showeu by his
minutes, was made on motion of Truman,
seconded by Foote. Yesterday Foote said
he did not know of the raise until afte»*
the other commissioners had agreed upon
it. Gaskill admitted having worked to
get the position- of -secretary, but denied
that he had lobbied for the bill, xie said,
when reminded that he was a constant at
tendant at the Legislature by which the
Paris Commission act was passed, that ha
was lobbying for the election oi Burns to
the Senate.
Then Treadwell questioned the witness
about the medals and Gaskill said that
when he wrote the first letters regarding
medala he did not know what the French
Government was charging for them and
he made no price. He wrote 135 or 150 of
these, and then, having been given the
prices of medals "by Kmlay he included
them in a second series of letters. He
did not know where Emlay got the price,
because he. thought the matter was in
Emlay's charge. The prices quoted were:
For a grand prix. $00; a gold medal, $25;
a silver medal, $20, and a bronze medal,
$15. When they were made double $5 was
added to each.
Gaskill received hi response to these
letters about sixty checks and these he
indorsed and turned over to Emlay. He
knew that Emlay purchased the medals,
but he had no official knowledge of the
fact. The letters quoting the prices were
shown to the commissioners.
He Is' Released When Peace Has Been -Restored and the Inquisitorial Bodu Proceeds
With the Questioning of Secretaru Vafneu Gasklll.
LEGISLATIVE LEXOW COMMITTEE ORDERS THE ARREST
OF THE BELLICOSE PARIS EXPOSITION COMMISSIONER
f pedal Itepatch to The .Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO, Jan. 30.— Three Important
measures, emanating from the
Governor's office, were Intro
duced to-day in the Senate by
Cutter and ln_ the Assembly by Pendle
ton. They are the outcome of the Gov
ernor's attitude In the plague excitement.-
The first bill adds three new sections to
the Penal Code. The first section is as
follows:
Any person who willfully or maliciously ex
poses, handles, places or otherwise deals with
cr.y disease germs, bacilli, cultures, organisms
or seeds of disease, or sources from which dis
eases may be communicated, for the purpose
cf communicating 6uch disease, or with the in
tent to spread cr communicate any infectious
or contagious disease, or who negligently ex
poses, handles or otherwise deals with the same
in m. manner calculated to endanger the public
health, or to result In the spread of a con
tagious or infectious disease, is guilty of a
felony end upon conviction thereof ehall be
punished by imprisonment in a State prison
for m. term of Dot less than one year nor more
than ten years, or by a fine of not less than
1500 nor more than $5000, or by both such fine
end Imprisonment.
Another new section provided by th«
bill reads as follows:
Any person or any officer cr member of any
association, board, committee or corporation,
who publishes by any writing or printing, that
Asiatic cholera or the bubonjc plaerue exists,
or has recently existed within this State, un
less ih- State Board of Health thereof has
firn determined such to be the fact, and has
entered a record of such determination at
length jpon the minutes of the -board, is gnilty.
of u. felcr.y.
The third new section provides that
uppn the verification of the State Board
of Health of any case of Asiatic cholera
or of bubonic plagrue within the State its
secretary must, when directed by such
board, enter upon its minutes its deter
mination that such cholera or plague
exists and must forward a copy of such
determination, certified by him. to each
of the local boards of health and to the
Board of Health of each State in the
United States and also to the United
Treasury Department at Washington.
Any secretary of such State Board of
Health of this State who falls to comply
with any of the provisions of this sec
tion is grulltjf of a misdemeanor. •
In a second bill an appropriation of
tlOO.OOO is provided, to be expended by the
Btate Board of Health, under the direc
tion of the Governor, for the prevention
of the introduction of Asiatic cholera, bu
bonic plague*, smallpox or other conta
g-ious or infectious disease within this
State, and for their suppression in cai-e
of their origin or introduction. It is pro
vided that the claims for expenditures
shall be audited by the Board of Examin
ers", except when, in the opinion, of the
Governor, an emergency arises ¦which de
mands or necessitates the Immediate use
of the money, and in that case it is pro<
vided that the Controller must draw his
warrant in the name of the Governor,
without auditing-, for sums not exceeding
iUM at any time the Governor may direct.
The vouchers for sums so drawn must
afteward be filed with the Controller,
showing the manner and the purposes for
¦which such sums have been cxi»nii<>H.
a tnira diu proviaes tms new section
to be added to the Political Code:
It it the duty of even' local Board of Health
and of each of the members thereof, and of
every Coroner, and other public officer know-
Ing, or having reason to believe, that any case
cf Asiatic cholera or of bubonic plague exit-ts
cr has recently existed within the city, city
and county, town, township or county of* which
he it an officer, or of which FU"h local Board of
Health is an official body, to at once report
euch car* to the State Board of Health, which
may thereupon take such measures as it may
deem necessary to ascertain whether such cape
of cholera or plarue exists, or has so existed,
and to prevent the further rpread of such con
tagion, and to that end, such State Board may
if It deems proper take possession and control
cf the body of any living or the-corps^'of any
deceased person which is or has been afflicted
•with either of such diseases, and may direct
and take such means as It may deem expe
dient to arrest the further spread of such dis
ease or diseases.
In both houses this latter bill was re
ferred to the Health Committees and In
the Assembly preparations for its im
mediate cohFlderation were made. Type
written copies were presented to each
member, and then the committee shut it
self up In executive session with Pendle
ton. In a short time it was announced
that the bill would be favorably recom
mended to the Assembly to-morrow morn
ing. N'o time had been lost.
The bill has two objects: to center in
the Governor ana the State Board of
Health most of the power that now be
longs to the local boards, and to re
establish the State quarantine service in
San Francisco, that has been supplanted
by the Federal authorities.
The effect on local Boards of Health
will be to practically y.ij>e them out of
existence in any case of emergency, or to
make them no more than sanitary police
to assist the State board. Whenever they
find anything they must report it and
ptep aside, leaving the State board in
charge.
The fight between the FcderU and the
fitate quarantine services has been coins
on for some years. Taking advantage of
some laxity in the State 'service, the Fed
eral Government tock charge iinder the
law which allows the Federal Government
to establish a quarantine wherever and
whenever a State ceases to maintain an
efficient service. It is some years since
the Federal authorities took charge, bu*
ever since they have held their place In
defiance of all efforts to dislodge them
The effect of the bill will be to put the
Etate service once more into operation
Dr. Kinyoun. Federal Quarantine Offi
cer for the port of San Francisco." ap
peared In Sacramento this evening. H.»
declares, that his presence here is due to
a desire to visit a relative, and that wttli
legislation and the Legislature he has no
concern. He says he is not Interested In
the Joint resolution that' asks for his re
moval, and that he had not heard of th»
bills Introduced to-day Until he read them
In the papers. As the measures bo vitally
affect the status of the Federal quaran
tine service on this coast, however it <f»
hardly possible that his visit here trill
end without some effort on behalf of r%j
Federal Government, or, at least, a re
port upon the situation.
JOSEPH LYNCH TO TESTIFY.
• LOS AXGELES, Jan. SO.— Hon. Joseph
Lynch has been subpoenaed by the legis
lative Investigating committee and will
leave for Sacramento at once to give tes
timony tn the Paris Commissioners' in
vestigation. Lynch carries with him some
rery caustic letters from Commissioner
Truman, criticizing the actions of the
other Commissioners while in Paris, and
their publication Is expected to add con
siderably to the Interest In the proceed
ings.
One Makes the Circulation
of- False Reports a
-Felonu,
Three BillsThat Have
Governor Gage's
Sanction,
ARE AIMED
AT PLAGUE
ALARMISTS
2
AT FIRST GLANCE.
It "Would Appear That I.ocal Berne-
dies Would Be Best for Cure
of Catarrh.
. ' It would seem at Arst g-lance that
catarrh, being a disease of the mucous
membrane, salves, sprays, etc., being
applied directly to the membranes of the
nose and throat would be . the most ra-
tional treatment, but this has been proven
not to be true.
The mucous membrane Is made and re-
paired from ihe bfood and catarrh la a
blood disease and any remedy to make a
permanent cure must act on the blood,
and when the blood Is purified from ca-
tarrhal poison, the secretions from tf.e
mucous membrane will become j natural
and healthy.
. In this climate thousands of people seem
scarcely ever free from some form of
catarrh: It gets better at times, but each
winter becomes gradually deeper seated
and after a time the sufferer resigns him-
self to it as a necessary ¦evil.
' Catarrh cures are almost as numerous
as catarrh sufferers, but are nearly all so
inconvenient and Ineffective aa to render
their use a nuisance .nearly as annoying
as catarrh itself; any one who has used
douches, sprays and powders will bear
witness to their inconvenience and failure
to really cure.
There are fa number of excellent internal
remedies for catarrh, but probably the
best and certainly the safest Is a new
remedy, composed of eucalyptol, hydras-
tls, sangulnarla and other valuable ca-
tarrh specifics. • (
This remedy Is In tablet form, pleasant
to the taste and sold by druKKiats under
the name of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, and
any one suffering from catarrh may use
these tablets with absolute assurance that
they contain no cocaine, opiate nor any
poisonous mineral whatever.
A leading druggist In Albany, speaking
of catarrh cures, says: "I have sold va-
rious catarrh cures for years, but have
never sold any which Rave nuch ireneral
satisfaction as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
They contain in a pleasant, concentrated
form all the best and latest catarrh reme-
dies, and catarrh sufferers who have used
douches, sprays and salves have been
astonished at the quick relief and perma-
nent results obtained -after a week a usa
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets. All drug-
gists sell full sized packages for BO centa.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
jreat Mexican remedy; gives health and
•trength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
(P^B 1H I j£% LaSin A Rand "Waterproof
i Hn JEiSl 1 Smokeless Powder, in bulk
i_| I r|fl and loaded in shells. 3*nd
IHI H tor catalogue of ¦porting
<W stil B V wr rood*, ceo. w. shueve.
739 MarlMt street- • .
i .To Cure the Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Qulalne removes the cause.*
To Cure a Cold "in One Day. ,
Take Laxative , Bromo. Quinine : Tablets. .All
drutfRlBts refund tho money if It "fallal to cure
E.:,\V. Grove's signature is on each box: 23c. •
DR..MEYERS&CO.
Specialists, Disease
and weakness of
men. Established
1SSL Consultation
and, private book
free, at office or by
mail. Cures - guar-
anteed. 7151 Mar-
ket street veievator
entrance). S a n
Francisco.
OR..MEYEHS&CO. gSSfo
Specialists, Disease jjjfip^ w
and weakness of ' Lgfo ~\^L
men. Established 7<§r "£&ht&9*\
1881. Consultation Wm f^*W^
and ; private boolc ¦ \5fc*. \ ' /l!3. 1
free, at otlice or by fSiili JtQaA\.
tna.il. Cures guar- ivm&mfitrSm
ket street \eievator J^^^wS^^
entrance). San ., ¦j^'vSSJtij^L.
ADVERTISEMENTS.¦¦ A~ DRIVER'S COLLAR BONE . BROKEN —
James Sullivan. ¦, while > driving alonfj ¦ Eleventh
street - yesterday : t orenooB, v . was ' thrown ¦ out of
the ; vehicle ~ through the horse*; running away
and his collar bone was broken.
Castelvi's I>ownfall.
MADRID. Jan. 30.— The retirement in
disgrace of General Francois de Bourbon
y Castelvl, a cousin of King Alfonso and
commander of the Saragossa division of
the Fifth (Aragon) Military Legion, an
nounced by royal decree yesterday, is due
to certain statements which the general
published and which were disagreeable to
the royal family. He was also suspected
of being in communication with Don
Carlos.
Passenger Association I«egal.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Jan. 30.— Attorney
General Sheets to-day announced that he
would to-morrow ask the Supreme Court
to dismiss the suit brought by former At
torney General Monnett against the Cen
tral Passenger Association to oust it un
der the ¦ anti-trust act. He holds that
there Is notmng in the association hostile
to the public Interest.
Bills Favorably Reported.
WASHINGTON.. Jan. 30.— The Ways and
Means Committee-^to-day held Its flrst
meeting- in several weeks and bills were
favorably reported extending the privi
lege of Immediate transportation In bond
to Everett. Wash., and Honolulu. H. T..
and making Douglas, Ariz., a subport of
entry.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.— The Assembly
Committee 'on contested ; elections :• in the
conte'st of Horan- vs. Collins, coming -ud
from ', the Twenty-ninth ? District, to-day
reported, seating Collins."^ The committee
found;that the testimony did not' warrant
a recount. : -.--
Collins Retains His Seat.
A. B. 52S. Broughton— Providing for a State
highway from San Fernando to the Fort Tejon
road and appropriating $25,000 therefor. '¦„¦•'•
A. B. 529, Laird— Amending Municipal Corpo
rations Act, relating to powers of • Boards of
Trustees. . ' . BM!ia$CMHWJqi «l
A. B. 530. Broughton— Amending th*- Code of
Civil 1 Procedure, : relating: to embezzlement and
surrender of property of the State.'/ .
A. B. 531, : Sheridan— Amending Code of Civil
Procedure, ¦' relating to actions for divorce ' r ¦
A. B. 623, Mlllee— Appropriating $69,000 for a
road ! from San Jacinto,". Riverside County to
system' of. San -Diego County.
A. B. 623, Higby— To compel the registering
In counties wherein" owner of any boat, vessel
or craft not required to.be registered by the
laws of the United States.
A. M. 524, nrown of San Mateo—Appropriat
ing $40 to pay claim of D. E. O'Keefe.
. A. B. C25, Chiles— To form agricultural dis
tricts, agricultural' associations and repealing
all similar ¦ previous acts. ...
A. B. 526,- Kejley— Appropriating $1566 67 to
pay claim of Louise Rienzl. • -
• A. B. 627. Fisk— Amending Code of Civil Pro
cedure .relating to judgments -entered in ac
tions. -" , --'.'••¦•'¦¦' ¦¦ ¦'• -. • '¦¦ ¦ .' . v. •
A. B.- 321. Anderson of Santa Clara— Making
additional appropriation of $40,0C0 for the State
Normal Sohoolnt San Jose.
A. 13. 522— Appropriating $55,000 for improve
ments of State Normal School at San Jose.
A. B. 520. Pendleton— Providing for the pro
tection and preservation of *> public highways
and property adjacent thereto from damage by
Btorm wnter and floods.
A. B. 519. Carter— Amending the County and
Township Government Act, relating to. salaries
of officers.
A. B. CIS.- Johnson— Amending the' act pro
viding for the burial of ex-Union soldiers, sail
ors and marines.
A. . n. 517. Henry— Amending Political Code,
concerning proceedings against delinquent pur
chasers of State lands. .
A. B. E16. Roads and Highways. 518 (sub-
Ptltuto for 129> — F*or road from Mount Hamilton
to San Joaquln River, appropriating $30,000.'
S. H. 411. Simpson— Amending section 1460 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to embez
zlement and surrender, of property of an estate.
In the Assembly the following new bills
have been presented:
S. B. 408. Devlin— To amend the "net to pro
vide for the burial of soldiers, Bailors and ma
rines of the Civil and Mexican wars by adding
those of -the war with Spain and the Filipino'
war.
S. Tt. 409. Davis— Amending section 963 of the
Code of Civil Procedure.
S. B. 410, Nelson — Relating to revenue and
taxation. - . -
S. B. 407, Taylor— To promote horticultural
Interests by establishing County Boards of
Horticulture.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 30.— In the Senate
the following bills have been introduced:
First Reading and Assigned to
Committees.
Proposed Enactments Given Their
BILLS INTRODUCED
* IN THE TWO HOUSES
PARIS. Jan. 30 —The Duke of' Orleans
has decided to attend the funeral of Queen
Victoria. He will arrive In London on
Saturday and on .Sundav will deposit a
wreath upon the • casket -containing her
Majesty's remains. The Duke's decision
Is interesting In view of his message of
congratulation to the Paris artist who
caricatured Queen Victoria in a most in
sulting manner, which resulted in the
Duke being ostracized in England.
Duke of Orleans to Attend.
It has been finally decided that, though
the Duke of York's condition' is not seri
ous, he will be unable to ; attend the
Queen's funeraL
COWES, Jan. 30.— An official bulletin
Issued to-day says the Duke of Cornwall
and York, who is suffering from German
measles,' is progressing satisfactorily. ; .
Able to Attend the Funeral.
But the Heir Apparent Will Not Ba
The curtains of the mortuary pavilion
upon the deck of the Alberta will be
looped up if the weather Is not stormy
Friday, and thus • the men-of-warsmen
manning the lane of ships through which
the funeral yacht .will slowly move -can
see the coffin resting on a high crimson
covered bier. ,
¦• —
DTJKE'S CONDITION IMPROVES.
The Interment Monday will be conducted
by the Bishop of Winchester and the Dean
of Windsor.
COWES, Jan. 30.— Service at Windsor
Saturday will be conducted by the Arch
bishop of Canterbury, the Bishop of Win
chester and the Dean of Windsor. The
Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Ox
ford will be present. . ' .
bishops and Bishops.
They Will Be Conducted by Arch-
SERVICES AT WINDSOR.
sided at a meeting- of the Privy Council.
The business transacted was of. a formal
character.
The Kings of Belgium and Greece ar
rived later In the afternoon.
" The : Assembly Committee on • Hospitals
and Asylums will consider the associated
charities bills Thursday at 1:30 p. m.
The Assembly Committee 'on Fish and
Game decided this - afternoon ' to ' recom
mend for passage Sutro's.bill for the pro
tection of the meadowlark. • The ' game
bill. No. 502, was laid over tlir Thursday
night.
The Senate Committee on Municipal
Corporations has decided to recommend
that Simpson's anti-cigarette bill pass. ,
The Senate committee on State Prisons
and Reformatories decided to report
against Simpson's bill - for the aDDoint
ment of a dentist for; those Institutions
at $300 per month; also against the bill
by Smith of Los Angeles creating a com
mission to investigate the question of
establishing *a new prison. , It recom
mended for passage Johnson's bill requir
ing prisoners to be discharged on Mon
days.
The Senate Committee on. Finance will
send a committee of three to investigate
the E need of a reservoir at ; the Preston
School of Industry beforo it takes action
upon . the • bill carrying an appropriation
for that purpose. , ;
The Assembly Judiciary Committee de
cided to-night to recommend ' for pas
sage Assembly bill No. Ill, by James, es
tablishing a high ' standard of require
ments for admission to the bar.
The Assembly Ways and Means Com
mittee had under consideration the Sen
ate substitute for the- Irish bill, appropri
ating $130,000 for the debris impqunding
system. Heated discussion was indulged
in by- the members in executive session,
and "final action was postponed. It was
conceded that a favorable report will be
made. A hard fight will be made against
the measure on the floor of the Assembly,
with Ralston leading the opposition.
The Senate Judiciary Committee de
cided to recommend for passage Luch
singer's bill>No. 370, to amend the act
relating to the California Home for Feeble
Minded.
Lukens* measure. Senate bill No. 312,
making it mandatory for counties, cities
and counties and towns to include in their
tax levy a rate or sum sufficient to pay
all final Judgments existing against them,
was made the special order for the meet
ing next Tuesday. .
The committee: had under consideration
Taylor's bill, No. 126. relating to: street
improvements. H. - A. Mason -of Santa
Clara, secretary of the League of Cali
fornia Municipalities, spoke in its support.
At their Joint meeting the Military com
mittees to-night decided to recommend for
passage the National Guard reor^antza
tiono bill, as recommended by the Na
tional uuard Officers' Association.
The Assembly Committee on Elections
recommends for passage Assembly bills
409. 4il and 412, by Johnson, relating to
the certification of election returns. The
Senate and Assembly committees on Elec
tion will have a joint meeting next Tues
day night to consider primary election
bills. .
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 30.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Claims decided this afternoon to
recommend for passage John's bill for the
payment of the claim of Claus Spreckels.
Discussion.
the Subject of a Heated
Senate Substitute Mining Measure
COMMITTEE ACTION
ON NUMEROUS 'BELLS
King Edward visited the King of Portu
gal shortly afterward and subsequently
proceeded to Osborne. Large assemblages
everywhere awaited King Edward, and
the greetings were very enthusiastic.
During the morning King Edward pre-
LONDON. Jan. 30.— King Carlos I of
Portugal, with his suite, arrived at Dover
at 10 o'clock this morning. He was re
ceived with a royal salute and military
honors. The royal party boarded a train
for London. They were accompanied
from X'over by the Portuguese Minister.
Senior Pinto de Soveral, and his staff.
They reached Victoria station at noon.
King Carlos was met at the station by
Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holstein, in
behalf of King Edward, and various of
ficials of King Edward's household. His
Majesty's equerry delivered an autograph
message from King Edward to King Car
los, and the latter and his suite were at
once driven in royal carriages to Bucking
ham Palace. King Carlos was warmly
greeted by the fair-sized crowds which
gathered along the route in anticipation
of his arrival. There was no military
escort.
Salute and Military Honors.
Charles of Portugal Received With
VISITING KINGS ARRIVE.
Masses of flowers made up in crosses
and crowns from rare blossoms that are
the gifts of royal personages down to
humble posies sent in by children have
been received. Thousands, of flower
pieces, including- tokens from most of the
members of the aristocracy, numerous
clubs, country towns, societies, regiments,
inmates of workhouses and even the
smallest nosegays are laid out for public
view side by side -with the designs of the
great florists. Some of the flowers are
fading, but every express brings fresh
additions.
Enormous numbers of floral emblems
from the 6-foot cross of royalty to the tiny
tributes of the local cottagers are pouring
in and are being hung in the chapel. Only
the wreaths of the royal family will be
deposited round the catafalque.
¦whole of the royal borough will be draped
in mourning, whereas elsewhere only the
route of the procession will be thus
marked.
NOG ALES, Ariz., Jan. 30.— Lee Sing, the
reputed king of Chinese smugglers, Is
again In jail at Nogales. This Chinaman
has given the Treasury Department of
ficials and United States' courts more
trouble during the past two years than
any one man along the Mexican frontier.
Previous to Collector Hoey's administra
tion at this port Leo Sing was repeatedly
arrested for being illegally - on United
States soil. Each time powerful influence
was brought to bear and he was released.
He was caught last night. He had his
examination this afternoon and was or
dered deported.
KING OF CHINESE
SMUGGLERS CAUGHT
dition.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.— The fight now be
ing .waged over the estate of the late
Adam Sweigert developed the fact to
day that the deceased once had himself
examined by a number of doctors to as
certain his own mental condition. In this
suit Caroline Schmoll and other heirs are
suing Jonathan Sweigcrt, a son and
executor of the estate, to have him return
to the estate more than $100,000 which, it
Is alleged, he has appropriated to his own
use.
Thomas Magee, a real estate man .of
San Francisco, was on the stand for the
defense. He said that, pending the sale
by Adam Sweigert of a piece of Kearny
street property, W. T. Sweigert, one of
the contestants, had visited' him and said
the sale must not proceed, as the old
gentleman was' crazy. Magee repeated
this to Adam Sweigert. and the latter
was highly Indignant. He then called in
a number of doctors to make an exam-,
ination of his mental condition and they
pronounced Adam Sweigert mentally
competent, W ¦
This testimony is Important, as one of
the issues raised is that Adam Sweigert
was unsound mentally.
Experts Had Passed Upon the Late
Capitalist's Mental Con-
DOCTORS PRONOUNCED
ATtAivr SWEIGERT SANE
tate dealer, has been arrested on a charge
of kidnaping- a 9-year-old girl. The
mother of the child. Mrs. Dora O'Brien.
arrived in Walla Walla a few days ago
Iron Sjxskane. She is a widow and wis.
accompanied by her little daughter.
Woodward met her at the train, and,
after some conversation, told her he was
« mploy<-4 by the city to care for widows
and orphans. Mrs. O'Kricn told him she
wanted to find a home for the child where
Fhf would be cared ior, but could do se
without hi? assistance
On the following day she obtained em
ploymert, leaving the child at a restau
rant. On Monday afternoon Woodward
proceeded to the restaurant and took lh«>
i hild and a grip containing her clothing
to a family of Italians living two miles
from the city. As soon as Woodward de
parted the little £irl left the place and
found her way back to her mother.
When arrested the man denied anv In
tention of kidnaping the child, saying he
had only obtained a home for her as an
set of kindness. However, he was plac?J
in the City Jail. To-day he was released
on bonds. Mrs. O'Brien being too ill to ap
pev against him at present.
Walla Walla Real Estate Dealer Ar
rested on a Serious
Charge.
"tt'ALLA WALLA. Jan. SO.-J. TV. Wood
ward, an employment agent and real es-
ACCUSED OF KIDNAPING "~
KHTZ-YEAB-OLD GIKL,
FRESNO, Jan. 30.— A secret session of
the executive committee of the CKambcr
of Commerce was held " this - evening at
which were present Professor Biolettl of
the agricultural department of th> State
University and Newton B. Pierce, pathio
logical agent at the United States Experi
ment Station at Santa Ana. At the close
a statement .was given out to . the effect
that the vine i»?st.- phylloxera,. had been
discovered in one of the raisin vineyards
of this county. , The Supervisors took
part in the meeting and , are at work on
legal measures to prevent tho spread of
the pest. . . •<
County Vineyard.
TO WAR ON PHYLLOXERA.
Vine Pest Found to Exist in a Fresno
FRESNO. Jan. 33.— William A. Smythe,
vice president of the California Water
and Forest Association and a celebrated
authority on the question of arid land
measures, in ah address before the Farm
ers' Institute this afternoon denounced
the men in the association who, he said,
were, in tho interest of a great Irriga
tion system, attempting to weaken the
force of the association by diverting its
purposes from a complete transfer of the
water power of the .State to a feeble
trifling with the differences between com
panies. If tho purpose of the association,
he said, was- to improve the Irrigation
system of the State for the benefit only of
the great companies, instead of for the
people at large, it would not be worth the
effort of this State-wide movement.
Vice-PreBident Sxnythe Says Members
Are Aiding Big Irrigation
Companies.
STRIFE IN - WATEB AND
FOREST ASSOCIATION
accident James Doyle Jr.. a lineman em
ployed by the Bay Counties Power Com
pany at Smartsville, lost hfs life to-dav.
He had taken down a telephone receiver
preparatory to talkinar to men employed
along the Sine some miles distant, when
he received an electric shock that instant
ly killed him. The accident undoubtedly
resulted from a breakage of the wire car
rying an electric current for power under
high voltage, which in falling must have
intercepted the telephone wire for an in
stant. The shock w«is distinctly felt in
Marysville. twenty-five' miles distant, by
different persons who were engaged in
telephoning at the same time. Doyle was
a native of Smartsvil!« and 27 years of
age.
Peculiar Accident Ends the Life of
Lineman James Doyle at
Smartsville.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 30.— By a peculiar
E.3XLED BY ELECTBIC1T Y
WHILE TELEPHONING
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20. — Postoffice
established : California — Magnet, Madera
County, Vincent J. Schwap, postmaster.
Postoffice discontinued: Washington—
Conway. Skagit County. Send mail to
Mount Vernon.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Katie Kelilher, Eugene. Washington.,
ilary E. Lease, Gould City.
Postmasters appointed: California— Louis
W. Wells, Rincon. Riverside County, vice
Lloyd S. Wells, resigned; Joseph Dobr
zinsky, Westley, Stanislaus County, vice
C. O. Hamilton, resigned.
Pasadena. Cal., will be allowed one ad
ditional carrier on and after February 1.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
William Knickmeyer, San Francisco. ?6;
Lewis ,G. Starr, Los Angeles, $12; Enoch
F. Dozier, San Bernardino, $S; John
Reynolds. Veterans* Home. Napa, $12;
William Sheppard, West Point, $6. Addi
tional—John N. Valentine, Oakland. $6.
Increase — Edgar F. Manning, San Jose,
512; Gilbert Brainard. Fresno. $12; How
ard Rains. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$8; John W. Stevens, Los Angeles. $10;
George \V. Shields, Hanford. $10. Mexi
can war survivors— Gardiner \V. Spring,
San Franci3co, J8. ."'.'-
Oregon — Original — Daniel Cronen, Ne
halem, ?8. Increase — John C. Mein, The
Dalles, 110.
Postoffice Changes and list of Pen
sions Issued.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
former resident of San Francisco, who
has been In this city but two weeks, has
been missing and It is feared that he has
met foul play. He left Seattle for Ta
coma on Friday with a strange man and
has not since been heard of. - He had
more than 5500 in his possession. Mrs.
Orr is prostrated over tho disappearance.
Orr and his wife were staying at the
home 'of P. V. Davis on Seventh avenue.
On Friday he went down town to buy
tickets to Great Falls, Mont. Later in
the day he was at the station and ad
dressed some packages to Great Falls and
there met a stranger. ' He telephoned to
his wife that he had met a man he once
knew in Los Angeles and was going to
Tacoma with him. saying that he would
be back that evening or the next morning.
On Sunday Mrs. Orr had friends in Ta
coma look for him, but he had not been
seen there. His goods are still at the
station. None of the ticket agents re
members having seen him.
While in San Francisco Orr was em
ployed by the Shasta Water Company.
He previously had been employed on a
street railway In Los Angeles. He had
paved considerable money and with his
wife concluded to come to Seattle for a
short vacation. He was promised work
in Great Falls and intended to go there
in a few days.
The search for the- missing: man has
been taken up by the police of Seattle
and Tacoma, but nothing has been
learned as to the identity of the stranger
with whom he was going to Tacoma. Orr
is 31 years of age, of medium height and
weight, with brown hair and gray eyes.
He carried when last seen a valuable
watch and a heavy linked gold chain. -
Police of Seattle and Tacoma Fail to
Find Any Trac© of
W. W. Orr.
SEATTLE. Jan. 30.— W. W. Orr, a
tjnavajxing search for
FORMER SAN FBANCISCAN
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 31— Grace Thomp
son, through her attorney, Hiram John
son, this afternoon filed a suit in the Su
perior Court against her father, Albert
Gallatin. one of the principal owners of
the Folsom Electric Company and Sacra
mento street car lines, for the sum of
511,500. which she alleges is due her on
contract. Grace Thompson is the wife of
Ernrst Seton-Thompson. the noted writer
of animal stories. Mrs. Thompson's
mother, Nemie A. Gallatin, was divorced
from Albert Gartatin many years ago.
The complaint filed by Mrs. Thompson
this afternoon alleges that at the time of
the divorce of Albert Gallatin from his
first wife. Nemie A, Gallatin, the custody
of their minor child, Grace, was awarded
to Mrt=. Gallatin. and an agreement ¦was
entered into respecting- the maintenance
of the child. By this agreement, it is al
leged, Gztliatln obligated himself to pay
JGG66 to the former wife for the mainte
nance of the child and agreed further
that when the child should arrive at the
age of IS years and if he should then be
worth $190,000. he would pay her $10,000;
and if. en the other hand, he should be
worth at that time between $73.i»*) and
S100.000 he would pay her 1^000; and that if
worth less than 575 .000 he would pay her
what sum he thought proper.
The daughter became of age on June 2?,
l&M. and she now alleges that Mr. Galla
tin was at that time worth $100,000. and
that he agreed to pay her the $10,000; but
it being at that time inoonvenien to do so
he paid her interest regularly on that sura
until November. 1SSS. when he ceased pay
ments. She now asks for the principal
and accrued interest.
.Is Dae for Her 2Main
tenance.
* _ ..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wife of the Writer of Animal Stories
Claims Ten Thousand Dollars
Mrs. Grace Seton- Thompson
Sues to Enforce a
Contract.
AUBURN. Jan. 3O.-Nlck Qulrolo, the
pioneer storekeeper at the old mining
camp of Todds Valley, twenty miles above
here, was yesterday afternoon beaten
over' the head with a pistol, bound hand
and foot, robbed and thrown into a cellar
by two strangers. Although Quirolo had
considerable money, the robbers were able
to find only $10.
Last evening at dusk Deputies Coon and
Dependener ran across the ' robbers in the
forest near Butcher ranch and pistol shots
were exchanged. One of the men was
found this morning in the canyon by
Supervisor McAunlch and Sheriff Keena.
He had been wounded in the leg by the
deputies during the fight.
The prisoner gives his name as Linton
and his confederate's as Marshall. Both
have many aliases and are ex-convicts.
LintoT> pot out of San Quentin last July
and Marshall In December. Marshall It>
a seven termer and was sent up the last
time by Sheriff Conroy of Placer In 1895
for taking a shot at Under Sheriff Walsh
In Lowell's store a year before while that
officer was attempting to arrest him and
another fellow wanted for robbery in Ne
vada County. Linton says he/and Mar
shall were given the tip to rob the old
Greek merchant at Todd's Valley by a
voung man named Bryan, alias Skinner,
former resident of that town and. now
serving a term In San Quentin. Marshall
is still at large.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Deputy Sheriffs Exchange Shots With
the Bobbers and One Is
Wounded and Taken
Prisoner.
Tie Him Hand and Foot and
Throw Him Into a
ROBBERS BIND
AND BEAT VICTIM
Receives Visitors at Havana and Ap
pears to Be in Good
Spirits.. ..
HAVANA, Jan. 30.— Charles F. W. Xee
ly, the former chief of the Bureau of
Finance of the Cuban Postoffice Depart
ment, >ho was arrested at Rochester,
X. Y., in May last, charged with embez
zling $36,000 of the department's funds, has
arrived here on the steamship Mexico
from Xew York. Captain Lucien Young,
captain of the port, took charge of the
prisoner and delivered him to the keeper
of the carcel.
Lawyer Viondl. Xeely's counsel, had a
long talk with the prisoner. The latter,
who is in good spirits, received many vis
itors and talked confidently of his ac
quittal.
NZELY CONFIDENT
i' OF HIS ACQUITTAL
HAVANA, Cuba. Jan. 30.— The present
temper of the Cuban people is against tha
United ', States protectorate, but this
should not be taken as conclusive of tlieir
final judgment.
The feeling is partly due to the belief
that American officials are obstructing
the work of the convention In order to
prevent it from adopting a constitution In
time for action by- Congress. This has
created an anti-American feeling, espe
cially in towns which are the centers of
political agitation, and has spurred the
delegates with their work.
The hostility has -been- deepened by the
assertion, of American capitalists and
military officers that the United States
would pigeonhole the constitution for u
year and then reject It. .
The result has been to give full control
to the Radicals. • who have drafted and
will soon adopt a constitution w»uch has
no suggestion of a protectorate.
Most of the delegates violently resented
to-day intimations that Washington ex
pected a protectorate, but their real sen
timents may be disclosed later when the
relations of Cuba with the United States
are formulated. Some of tnem. in pri
vate sessions of the convention, when the
first draft of the constitution was dis
cussed, favored leaving out an" provision
for an army and navy and the inclusion
of specific arrangements with the Unitcl
States for a military reservation and
naval stations as well as an exclusive
commercial treaty, but they yielded to the
pressure of Radical ooinions. If senti
ment develops for a protectorate It wt'.l
come from the joint action of the business
community and the country people. Un
til recently commercial classes have re
fused to believe that the United States in
tended to carry out the joint resolution
passed by Congress. They are confused
and disturbed^ but when they see steps
actually takenNthey will combine to in
fluence members of the convention to
reach some understanding with the Amer
ican Government. That moment haa be
gun. The country people have been dis
trustful of annexation and suspicious of
the American policy, but are not unfriend
ly and they do not seem to- want the
TInited States authority entirely with
drawn.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1901. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
stitution to 3*3 Pigeon-
Holed. y%
Hostility Is Deepened by Assertion
That Capitalists Will Cause Con-
Believe Americans Are Ob
structing Work of th»
- , Convention.
CUBANS OPPOSE
A PROTECTORATE
A Washington dispatch says the saline
bill is with the Secretary of the Interior.
He will soon report it back to the Presi
dent with his approval or disapproval.
The President had ten days In which
to sign It and. unless he did so it would
then become a. law. On the other hand,
just as soon as he signed it the bill be
came the law. The rival factions at Sal
ton are ready to locate claims the very
minute the word is received that the bill
has either been signed or has become a
law. by lapse of time. The parties most
at interest are on the ground and when
the word does come .that the signature
haB been affixed, to the bill a college foot
ball rush will be tape In comparison with
the manner in which the two, gangs of
men in the employ of the New Liverpool
and Standard salt companies will grab
the land.
The injunction obtained from the River
side court to restrain the representatives
from entering upon certain lands now
claimed by the New Liverpool Company
turns out to affect but a small portion of
the lands which have heretofore been
used and occupied by the latter company
for mining and purifying salt. Hence, it
may be that some of the mines of the
company may fa^ll to the lot of the rival
salt companies or .the employes of the
company itself may make a strike.
At any rate, the eagerly awaited mes
sage from "Washington means a hot time
in the town of Salton for a few hours
after its receipt. It will take but a few
minutes to place the location monuments,
so many men are now on the ground, and
each has .been thoroughly drilled in his
particular work. Four men could put the
corner monuments'in less than five, min
utes after the message arrives and then
the claims are good for all time, so long
as the assessment work is done each year.
If the rival gangs of men get to fighting
the lives of some of them may be lost.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.— The time limit
on the Blsning of the saline land bill is
nearly up. Congress passed a bill ten
days agx> opening the salt lands on the
Colorado Desert to settlers and the rush
for the lands began a day or two after
the bill was passed. 'Since Its passage
by Congress nothing more has been heard
from the bill.
Sseclal Dispatch to The Call.
Await President McKinley's Signing
of the Bill Throwing the
Tract Open to
Settlers. . ; i . __
Gangs of Men Camping on
the Desert Near
Salton.
READY TO RUSH
FOR SALT LANDS
BRINGS ACTION
AGAINST FATHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, JAKFARY 31, 1901.
Charles McArthur and Ethel Rodden
Embark Upon Life's Voyage
Together.
LINCOLN RESIDENT
WEDS LOOMIS MISS
MISS ETHEL RODDEN OF LOOMIS AND CHARLES McARTHUR OF LIN
COLN, AT WHOSE ' WEDDING YESTERDAY REV. DR. BANKS OF
SACRAMENTO OFFICIATED, ' -
Continued From Page One.
MILLIONS MASS IN LONDON TO VIEW QUEEN'S FUNERAL.
WINTERS, Jan. 30.—Charles
Mc'Arthur of Lincoln and
w^efhe^irt^paTsii ™1 S
were the principals In a pret-
ty -wedding ceremony to-day.
Rev. Dr. Banks of Sacramento, an old
friend of the Rodden family, was the of-
flciating clergryman. . The young couple
will spend their honeymoon In San Fran
«*»•»¦«¦ the daughter of an In
fluential citizen of Loomls. and the sroom
& connected with Gladding.' McBean &
Co.'s pottery works at Lincoln. Both have
many friends in this vicinity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
3
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
115 IMYF^Jtffl ShJpptoK Butchers. Of
J A > OU I C3 S Lli- Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IROX ,
J-C WILSON 5 C0-. &££&£&.
DIRECTORY
Catalogues and Prlee Lists Mallei
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
OILS.
LUBRICATTKO OILS. LEOJJARD * ELLI3.
41S Front St.. 8. F. Pnona Main 1713.
PRINTING.
C. C nUGuCSt Rl Eanaome at.. 3. T.
STATIONER AND PRINTER,
PARTRIDGE *» <;£%**
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
S Pint St.. San Francisco.
WBITE ASH STEAM COAL. ?£ b &aS
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. at its GRESM
RIVER COLLIERIES. >• th« Beat Coal la Xb»
market. Offlct and Yart*— ISO M*la itntt.
5n Hoffman etfes £p
» - Cigar. J «
THE HILSON CO . Makers. N. Y.
KAC. SADI.EE ft CP., Diftribsteri, Sin frauitea.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and anal jSoum complaints ct tht
Organs of Generation.
J'rice 31 a bottle. For sale by drujclst*
Tbe EU James A*«n.. V.ox 831. Cincinnati. O.. hat
¦reared «t trent expense an ezbaou- >> n p |- ¦
Ire illustrated Trealine upon ibe male L U L |_ I
•yalem. which t»*r wlU send to any | || I T I
Bale applicant, ¦ ¦l»»l«l
S.I JArthSiSSN 250 ELM ST.,
51. JAJ1E3 A33N., . Cincinnati, Ohio.
Every Man Should Know Himself/
~Gran-Solrenf SlfcAOlres Stricture like mow b*>
pes-b ibe ran. reduce* Enlarged Prostate ant
ftrencrtfapcc t!.e Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains ao«
Krr.lsfcion* In fifteen Days.
No drags to ruin tbe stomach, but » direct local
and positive application to tbe entire ur»thral track
Gran-Solrect is not a liquid. It 1* prepared la
tbe form of Crayon* or Pencils. ;moot h and oexlblat
a>ad to narrow aa to pass tlte closest Stricture.
Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
Jk^^tSXMHfthJtrt m B!g (Hi t non-pofscmotta
<^atiT"'Hi^fl r?m»'l/ for Gonorrhc?*,
TtfgftycCBEv^BCl Plwt. Spermatorrhoea,
jCBTOr In 1 * i d»T»-^Bi White*, unnatural du-
/PP*y o«araau*d \H| chargl , or any iniarama-
K«J hi f ¦trlaiar*. tion. t ritation or nicera-
ft» "irr»T«at» coatacaa. tlon .f mncooi mem-
KSImEvmCHEVtCHCo. *>****»• Kon-wtrJa?-nt.
wig% e»ienni*Ti.o .Igfl SoId b ' J>«»cs*»«*»
TTnfpk.' U.S. A. JLU OT »*nt In plain wrapper,
* JvlB^r by express, prepaid, tot
i^jjESiLi »T J u- 00 - ° e 3 i»«i8», *2.7s.
V^gggg^gv- a __ «Ur K nt on reque*.
4^^^^S^^^^ RUPTURE
Kj-Q^V 1 J,~s •^tSsr'i cannot *>• cured by
fflkil/jr >JSfty talves, lotioni. coaa-
ffi*s%i£?5itt*K<*j±Err "on truim, or
Il^wHBljraKr "Quack" or«rat!on».
H _-< !^E£f€' i7 "DR- PIERCE'S MAGNETIC
9 Sm\ ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
%A SJ&\ f Cre r»t It does the wor^ I
* EyBOOKliKT NO. 1" «tv««
fan information. Call or *nS>
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
620 Market it. (opp. P&Uc* Hotel). 3. 9.
LAKrhlo.
LARGE VARIETY OF THE HIGHEST GRADE TAPES-
TRY BRUSSELS. / . /
Regular price $1.00 per yard
During sale 75c per yard
Sewed, lined and laid.
25 PATTERNS BODY BRUSSELS OF THE HIGHEST
Kegular price. 5i-5O per yard
To close at.. $1.25 p €r yard
Sewed, lined and laid.
HEAVY GRADE WILTON VELVETS.
Regular price. .-..$1.25 per yard
" '-; 4? Large line to close at $1.OO per yard
* T Sewed, lined and laid.
Bring dimensions of room if possible.
" FURNITURE SPECIALTIES
We are displaying HUNDREDS OF PIECES of FURNI-
TURE in the latest and most correct designs— goods made by the
best manufacturers in the country — at ~i
Reductions- or 25 to 50 Per Cent Off Regular Bfices.
DRAPERY FABRICS.
. An immense line of Corduroys, Velours, Armures, Tapestries,
. etc.- : ; At Values That Wiir Be Appreciated,
FURNITURE COVERINGS.
LARGE ASSORTMENT AT REDUCTIONS OF 33J Per
Cent* Off Regular Prices.
T APT? 'X* T T T"J T A' T T\l O
LAGE LURTAINS.
We particularly draw your attention to the REDUCED
PRICES throughout our lines of LACE CURTAINS.
SMYRNA RUGS.
500 SMYRNA RUGS, FULL SIZE, 3 Feet DU 6 Feet.
Regularly sold at ••¦$3. so each
• ( For THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY of this
week reduced to. ." . . . . . : '.. $2.15 each
See" Our Show Window for Display of ¦ Special Value's.
LARGEST STOCK ON THE COAST TO SELECT FROM.
W.^J.Slpane&Co.
CARPETS— FURNITURE— UPHOLSTERY
114, 116, 118, 120, 122 POST ISTREET.
Almost everybody remembers the cele-
brated advice of the London Punch,
those about to marry. Don't." There
is in that advice the expression of the
(celiug of many a mother who says, " I
j^ hope my daughter
jfFr will- never many
//Tlf and suffer as I
// I V have."
Z^A— *J In ninety -eight
~\ cases in every hun-
©jji/S^V. <3red there's no
»y !3-Gjrt need for this suf-
fering. Doctor
V\j Pierce's Favorite
f/Jy V\ fin Prescription cures
Irffj \*d/il the w0:naa^y dis-
if / yX ' MSw' eases which cause
v $>&avi \ «Ul wifely misery. It
v^vil I fl-5j drains, heals in-
\\ \ul i C&r ulceration and
M I ' s SI cures iemale
V x \i SI weakness. It in-
\ I f if vigorates the
A 1 I (I womanly organ-
jl ay ism, tranquilizes
V* gf the nerves and
V |f gives the rnothei
(mfoT? strength to give
Do not nllo-w an unscrupulous dealer
to sell you something in place of ''Fa-
vorite Prescription," claimed tobe<'iust
as good." There is nothing just as good
for women as • Favorite Prescription."
"I am bo plea^rd ¦w-ith yccr instructions. I
hcrdly know what thanks "to give vou for yotii
kind "favors." writes Mrs. Milo Bryant, of JaA&,
St. Thomas Co.. Ga. "You csn publish mv few
Ftatcnjects to the world, hoping ell Kutfering
women will know and be healed. I suffered sc
cuch with jrreat pains in my bnck and the
Jower part cf my stomach and palpitation of
the heart, that at times I could hardly lie down
and could hardly get up in the morning, bui
after using three bottles of ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion ' r.sd two vials of Dr. Picrcc's Pleasant Pel-
lets, I feel like a new woman."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure sicl
headache.
ADVEKTISEMEMTTS.
Guaranteed cornet *nd bast quality.
OcuUst** prescription* filled. Factory cm
premise*. Quick rep»lrln g. Fttoae. Slain 1*.
OPT1C.ANS4>P~.».
642 Market 5t. instruments
uftocn chronicle eim.oiM&. CATALOGUE FrCC.
Eyeglass
Lessaa r*r1ac«d for SO e*nts.
Any AvtlcTBStle lasses duplicated far $1.00
and 91.0O. '
Broken
812-8J4 Market St.
PHELAN BUILDING,
Come early, as the choicest
goods will go first.
SALE
COMMENCES
THURSDAY,
JANUARY 31 st .
Store closes at 6 p. m. Saturdays. 11 p. m.
We Have No Branch Stores.
NOLAN BROS,
We will cheerfully refund the money
for any shoes that do not suit. Our shoes
are ~good, our bargains genuine, and we
know they will please you.
Remember every winter shoe
in our immense stock muit go.
Every pair of shoes warranted.
No old. out-of -style, shop-worn goods,
but the latest and most up-to-date styles.
find values that will be
irresistible.
store, and close buyers Will
Those who have purchased shoes at our
former sales WILL NOT MISS THIS OP-
PORTUNITY to buy a year's supply of
shoes for the price of one pair.
SOup bargain ccunter3 ex- 1
tend the fall length of the i
Not a pair will ba carried
over. We will make this the
most astounding: shoe carnival
of low pr cas ever witnessed in
San Francisco.
$75,0C0 Worth of Winter
Shoes TO BE CLOSED OUT
REGARDLESS OF COST.
TO-DAY
BEGINS
SALE
ADVEiiTISJEItLELN'TS.
Our Monster
CLOSINfrOUT
WINTER
SHOES JET JOpening of the Paeifie Coast Amateur Tournament at the
Olympie Athletie Club. ;j
CURTAIN IS RAISED ON BOXERS
STRIVING FOR CHAMPIONSHIPS
COMMODORE OP THE CORIKTHIAX YACHT CLUB RE-ELECTED AT
THE ANNUAL, MEETING OF THE TIBURON SAILORS LAST NIGHT
AND THE SLOOP MAT. HIS FLAGSHIP.
-^Jl^^PJ^y P^ftK? J^'EPyESDAY. JAJC TART 30 L — W^her^^ne^^ Track^fast.
I«2U. FIRST RACE— Seven furlones: four-year-olds and up: purse. J400
Time— »*. :13; u. :24»»: hi. :*S*i: "(,. IOL Oood start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Burns & Waterhouse's ch. c. by Imp. Golden Garter- Bella B. Burns on Specific played
center rush, but tackled too low for Gold Or. Gonfalon tried hard for a touchdown, but ran
short of ozone, and Gold Or kicked a goal. Prejudice became entangled In a etlff inter
ference at the kick-off. Scratched— Gusto" 112. i
J72T. SECOND RACE— Mile and an "eighth; pelllnp: four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Time— H. :i:'i: '». :2<'*: J i. :*»*+; %.• 1:14%; ir.Ue. l:<0; l'^m, 1:65. Good start. Won
eaf-'.iy. Second and third driving:. Winner. J. MeCaJTery's br. h. by Fordham-OId Miss.
Tuthill under reefed sails the whole trip. Owcnsboro hss a propeller hlade that needs
repairing. KMgardo bumped the bar in crnssiiiR. Morinel's pilot became bewildered and
pot In the wronK channel. Anjou becalmed. Formers ran Into squally weather and his
rkipr*r Ftru<-k the first friendly port. TepmSFt blown away and abandoned. Campus a
deserted. wsterloRped derelict.
172S. THIRD RACE— Two miles; steeplechase, maidens; four-vear-olda and up; purse, $400.
Time— 4:fl:. Good ftart. Won first three driving. Winner. C. E. Durnell's b. g. by Imp.
Midlothian-Loleta. Sutherland waited until the sun went down before starting after Tex
erkana. Had the latter not cut his nigh fore tenden before taking the third from last Jump
he would have won. AurirTera a. fairly clever hayseed. Oranger wonlt do. The Californian
_ '_ - lmt l r _ v l r '5"_ J'gry ched— Koenig 141 . Honduran 12T. Rio Chico 141. J O C 14S.
17'ZU. rOl'RTH RACE-One mile: Washington Park handicap; 3-year-old3; purse. J3»5.
Time— H. :r.S: »,. J.O; %. 1:1E»,; mile. 1:41'«. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. \\ inner, S. C. Hildrpth's ch. c. hy Hanover- Toloaohe. Telamon on .class looked
much the best. E<lr.a Brown realized this v.-as her day. and did not waltz like the rountry
maiden of yore. <^ut off on two separate occasions. Argrecor should have been second.
Tyr looks like a featherweight well "steamed" to tip the pcales. St. Rica ran poorly.
Seiie not overburdened with speed. •Coupled with Telamon.
I73O. FIFTH RACE-^ix furlonps; selling; thi-^e-year-old?: purse. *400. • /
Time— •;, :23; 4. :4?i<«: » 4 . l:14U. Good start. Won easily. Perond and third driving. Win
ner. J. Weber & Co.'* b. f. by St. CarfO-Moonllt. Mncnbricht smiled In. Homage im
rrovlnir. Havassa. a hot tip. Cora Grx>ti ripht off the ooals but dor.e too brown. William
- k - PC^T 1 .?^ P*ra.trhfvl— Rio <1» Altar 112. Impromptu 112.
1731. SIXTH RACE— Tine mile: felling; three-year-olds nnd upward; purse, $330.
Tim*— VI. :26; »i. :J0».: \. l:]£H; mile. 1:42H- <iood start. Won first three driving. Winner
Burrs & Waterhruse's ch. pr. by Take N*otlc»-Happy MaM«>n. Buchanan on winner rode a
royal race. Nellie Foreet failed to last. Brownie Anderson a refined "mudder." Loneli
rr-?s looked de«?rted. Pcj ntz needs a couple of cork legs. Scratched— Hohenlohe 1C2 Max-
STREET LABORERS LEO BROKEN* -
James Wood, a laborer employed by thn IV
partment of Public Works, had hla left leu
broken yesterday while making some repairs
on c sewer at Bryan: and Eleventh straats.
A beam used as a pry slipped and struck his
Basket-Bailers Reorganize.
ALAMEDA". Jan. .%.— The basket-ball
team of the Alameda High School has re
organized for the sf-ason. with the fol
lowing named plav^rs: Miss Mary Husrfts
ton. Miss Irma Seider. Miss "Kathleen
Lenlhan. MIsa. Butler. Miss C. G. Postel.
Miss Elizabeth Kent, Miss Ruby Sehloss.
Miss Frances Bird. Miss Carrie Gerald.
Miss Edna Rue and Miss Orle Healey.
• At the annual meeting of iht^ stock
holders of the California Schuetzen Club
Park and Building Asociation 1.1*1 night
the following were elected directors for the
ensuing year: Fred Levers. L. Rpubold.
Phllo Jacobv. L. C. Babin. H. Srettln. A.
Strecker. The- directors elected the fol
lowing officers: President. Philo Jacobv;
vice president. Fred Levers: treasurer, L.
Reubold; secretary. Otto Bremen
Schuetzen Park Officers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 30.—
The Intcrclass baseball game will be
played off next week. Monday the two
upper classes cross bats, while the under
class men will play Tuesday. The win
ners will play for the class championship
the following Friday. D. V.Cowden- was
elected captain of the Junior team' and
R. B. Ball captain of the sophomore team
at meetings held by the players on the
diamond this afternoon.
Interclass Baseball.
Seven furlongs, selling— General Magruder
von. Waterhouie second, Frank McConnell
th'rd. Time. 1:28^.
Seven furlonjrs, sellinK-Red Pirate won,
Juanetta second, Dousterswivel third. Time,
The Premier Stakes, three furlongs— The Hoy-
Cen won. EUie L second. Lena A third. Time.
1 :Trt.
Handicap, steeplechase, short course— Isen
¦won. Harve B second, Don Clarencio third
Time. 3:C5.
Six furlongs, selling— Clales won, Sir Chris
topher second. Laureatfa third. Time 1:14
Mile ami seventy yards, selling— John Bull
won. Bequeath second. Belle Simpson third
Time. l:47Vi.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 30.— For his ride
on Don Clarencio in the steeplechase to
day Jockey Pines was ruled off the turf.
The finish was very spiritless, and hence
the decision. Results:
Results at New Orleans.
GLASGOW, Jan. 20. — In the framework
of the America's cup challenger, already
set up, are indications of some striking
departures from conventional designing.
The most noticeable of these is that the
bulk of the yacht is thrown extraordin
arily far forward. The timbers at pres
ent in position suggest the framework of
the old bluff-bowed type of yacht more
than the modern racing yacht. This will
be modified when the frames to carry for
ward the overhangs are In position. But
it is certain the greatest beam will be for
ward of the mast. Every precaution is
3till taken to prevent information about
the cup challenger getting abroad.
tional Designing Are Indicated.
Striking Departures From Conven-
LINES OF CTJP CHAIXECTGER.
The reports of Commodore H. D.
Hawks. Secretary T. L. Miller and Treas
urer C. L. Banrett were then read and
adopted. The reports showed that thn
club now has 2^!> members, or thirty-six
more than in 1MH>, and a fleet of forty
eight vessels, of which thirty-two are
sloops, ten are yawls, one Is a schooner
and thetrest are launches. Yacht owners
were specially requested to furnish full
details of the measurements of their craft
for insertion In the enrollment book of
the fleet. It was stated that the flag of
the Corinthian Yacht Club has been reg
istered with the authorities at Washing
ton.
Certain amendments to the by-laws
were then read and acted upon. It was
Harry I>. . Hawks, commodore: Edwin F.
Stwrar. vice commodore; John H. Ke«fe. port
cp.ptain; J. C. Frickell. «"har!es I* Barrett. J..
\V Pew and Thomas Jennings, directors; E.
B. Learning. W. f\ Harrold and P. J. Mar
tenstein, members of the regatta committee.
THE annual meeting of the mem
bers of the Corinthian Yacht Club
was held last night In Red Men's
Hall, 510 Bush street, and was
well attended. The principal
business was the election of officers to
serve during the c&mirg year. The ticket
presented by the nominating committee
was elected without opposition and was
as follows:
Manager Morley will notify the lensr:*
officials In San Francisco that he will hr.1.1
Swindells, who. it in reported, was sicrt«»<?
to-day by tho Oakland team to his
agreement to come here. Swindells wrote
to Morley under date of the 2oth that the
terms of the Los Angeles- Association
were accepted *nd a contract was sent to
him to sign. Morley holds that the asre»
rnent Is a contract and that Ewing of
Oakland has no claim on the man.
LOS AXGEI.ES. Jan. 30.— Harry Steln
feidt, the crack third baseman of th* Cin
cinnati Xatlona', League Club, was signed
by the Los Angeles State League Club
management this afternoon. He will play
third base and captain the club during
the coming season. He signed here not
because of any dissatisfaction with the
Cincinnati management, but for the rea
son that he la going into business here
with hH brother.
ball Team.
HAHRY STEI2JFELDT SIGNED.
Will Captain tho Los Angeles Base-
( determined that the regatta committee
j shall consist of thre*» members, who shall
j hold office until their successors are *lect-
I ed and qualified. A proposed amendment
I that th» entrance fee to the club- shall in
f the future be ?20 was lost after some dis
i cussion. The proposed amendment defln
insr and enlarging 1 the powers of the re-
K.Ttta committee was carried, as also was
the amendment providing for amending
the by-laws of the club. An amendment
to the effect that the measurer shall not
b<? an owner of a yacht was also carried
Attention was drawn by ex-Director \V.
S. Grover to aT>il! tntroducei la the State
! Legislature requiring that all pleasure
craft be registered and carry upon their
"prows" their registered number's next to
their names. ; All members of tho cl>ir>
were urged to u?e their Influence to pre
vent the bill from becoming a law.
After the meeting the members ad
journed to a downtown cafe, where th*»y
enjoyed the hospitality of the newly elect
ed officers. Commodore H. D. Hawks
presided and called upon the following,
a/nong others, for short speeches: Secre
tary J. C. Krickell. Director Thomas 'Jen
nings. ex-Commodore- J. .W. Pew. J
O'Brien, Vice Commodore E. F. Sager
ex-Director W. 9. Grover. Treasurer C
U. and "Klnsr" O'Brien. Others
I sang songs or otherwise contributed to
the jollity of the evening. "Uncle" George
Bromley making a hurnorou3 and char
acteristic s&eech.
Six toarrs were entered and partnc •«
were drawn by lot. The first match
played was between Mrs. Haslett and C.
Kuehn End Miss McCartney and Smith
The former team won the first set by the'
close score of $— H. • Their opponents
braced up and won the next two sets han
dily, 6 — 4, 6 — 1. This was the only match
of the day that required the full thr*c
sets to be played. One more match was
playod In the preliminary round by teams
composed of Mies R. Sherwood an-1
Gcorpe F. Whitney and Mrs. Kincald
and N. Hodgklnson. Mrs. Kincald played
a strong, aggressive game and was ably
assisted by her hard-hitting partner, but
they were slightly outclassed by tho
champion and his fair partner, who won
in straight sets, the score being &^4, 9—7,
In the first round Miss McCartney and
Smith proved too strong for their oppo
nents. Miss II Sherwood and Lucius Al
len, whom they beat rather easily, 6 — 2,
6—3. The next match, between Miss
Emma Hunter and R. • N. Whitney and
Miss R. Sherwood and George Whitney,
was the match of the day and brought
forth much applause from the spectators.
The former team was considered the
strongest In the tournament, but after
two close and hotly contested sets Miss
Sherwood and her partner came out win
ners. The last game of this match was
particularly close and exciting, the score
going from deuce to vantage and back to
deuce many times before the champion
cy a well directed sma^h. put a stop tu the
contest. Miss R. Sherwood played A re-
steady game throughout tho
c>v and ably backed her clever partner.
This leaves Mtes McCartney and Grant
Smith and Miss- Sherwood and. George
/Whitney to play for the first and second
prizes. The final round will be played
next Tuesday afternoon at 3 o'clock
The mixed doubles tennis tournament
postponed from last Wednesday wa«
played off at the California Club courts
yesterday afternoon down to the final
round. The two teams lucky enough to
reach the finals are Miss R. Sherwood and
G. F. Whitm-y and Miss McCartney and
Grant Smith.
MIXED DOUBLES ON
CALIFORNIA COURTS
FROM the time the curtain arose |
until it Cell first choices in the j
betting stalked through their j
parts at Tanforan Park yester- '
day fn very catching style. The \
bookies chalked up liberal quotations i
against each of the six favorites, the tal- j
ent accepted the price and all six prom- j
enadea past the judges in front of their |
fields. It was an exceedingly unprofitable j
day for the ring, and some retirements j
from, among its ranks are looked for to- j
day.
To start off with, the Burns & Watfr
house entry. Gold Or. was sent to the
pott a H to 10 favorite for the introductory
eeven furlong run. -There was consider
able bumping and jostling at the start,
and with Gonfalon away in the lead by ;
three or four length* it looked dubious"' :
for the choice. At the paddock Henry j
crew his whip on Gonfalon, which was 1
not relished, for he faltered. Jenkins then |
hustled the favorite along and got the
verdict by a neck. Specific ran lust, te- :
hind Prejudice.
All doubts as to whether Tuthill would
po a mi!e ami a furlong were pet at rest |
at the conclusion of the event iollowing.
Henry had the leg up, and at odds of 3 to
X the brown bone won under restraint
from Ftart to finish. Showing consider
able improvement, Ov.ensboro finished
two lengths before Hdgardo for the place.
Topmast sulked all the way.
Then came the clever win of Lothian in
tho steeplechase, over two miles. With
141 pounds and Sutherland in the saddle,
"Boots" Durnfll'.-i jumper ruled favorite
8t odds of 7 to 10. Fortunately for the
hackers of the first choice. Texarkana
chopped one of his fore tendons two-jumps
before the last, enabling Lothian to. get
up and score by a couple of lengths. But
for this accident the result might have
bffn different. Auriffera ranthird.
Sam Hlidreth'p pair. Telamon, carrying
110, and Seide, with 100 pounds in the sad
dle, had a pronounced call in the betting
in the Washington p ark handicap, at a
mile. Milt Henry rode Telamon. and after
"Edna Brown had tip-toed out in the lead
until well on toward home let out a wrap
or two and beat the filly easily in 1:1114.
Interfered with on two or three occasions.
Mouncp finally Sanded Argregor in third
place, half a length in advance of Tyr.
By far the rosiest win of the day was
that of Moonbright. in the six furlong
sprint for three-year-olds, a selling af
fair. Also piloted by Henry and a 7 to 5
chance, the filly made nearly all the run
ning and was first by two open lengths.
Homage was ridden out to down Courtier
two lengths for place honors.
Willie Buchanan put up an ?jld-time ride
on nollick. favorite for the final mile sell
ing run. Gradually moving up from
eighth position, he wore the k-ad of the
front ones down, getting In more than a
length ahead of Nellie Forest, a 12 to 1
shot. Brownie Anderson, with O'Connor
ui». wa« third. 1
Track Notes.
Hawthorne track stake entries close on
Monday next.
P. Kyan has disposed of his contract on
the services of little J. Walsh to Pat
Dunne.
While schooling Ping on Sunday last
Bob Cairns, the steeplechase rider, had a.
nasty fall, fracturing his collarbone.
Hgnry was In fine form yesterday, pilot
ing three o' the winning horses, v.-w
-
Entries for To-Day.
Following are to-day's entries:
Flrat race—Six furlongs; three-year-olds; sell
ing. - -
17C1 CuiUnun 113' I4S0 Ravelling ......122
16S2 Introductor ....llaj 1708 Argot 11?
1«5 Mam. HlldretlUlOl HC3 Fondo 112
17» Phil Archlbald.ial 1708 Alzura 117
16f* Rathgar 1121 J657 Gaylon Drown..1W
17Ii Cerro Santa....112| 16S8 Aphrodln 117
'Second race—Seven furlong*; four-year-olds
er.d upward; puree.
1675 Broadbrim 117 1298 Favcnlui ..:... 117
1711 Montanic ........111 1714 True Blue lit
1661 Abbylelx L, ?:. 16« J. Doherty 101
Third race—Seven furlongs; four-year-oids
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
and unward: selling.
i:05 Meikarth 104 11712 Montallade 104
17f'6 Hohenlohe 1'17 I 1R78 Salvado lf)4
1CV2 Alaria Ml 1707 Gusto I.. .101
<171S)Hai-.dlcapper ...ll.\; 1706 Maxello mi
170i Keplran'io U14. 1643 Maydlne 98
1630 The Singer 9v
Fourth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; Kclllr.g.
1«7S Casdale 106; 1723 Invictus 9S
1697 Billy Moore . ... 101 ; HS5 Jim McCleevy.,109
1701 IJarney F 06. 1723 Meadow Lark.. 108
17C6 Necklace 107; ifiSS Mary Klnsella.lOJ
1713 fhas. I>e nel...l06i 1679 Sisquoc 96
1665 Fidel Youlln .. 89 1 1661 Tlng-a-Ling ... 93
Fifth rare— One mile and seventy yards; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1719 Scotch Plaid 107] 1683 UcNamara 107
1719 Cdstake 107J 1706 Monrovia 105
170C Wallensteir. 107 ¦ 1725 Artilla 105
17U' l^fldy Med'eom.105; 1693 Astor , 107
17C6 Florabird 110 i 1701 Klckumbob ....107
Probable Winners.
Sfxth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
<ioa:» Bounrll.ee inj I 1719 Vfbteer 107
1719 Torslna 107 lTf-6 Our Lizzie . ! 103
1611 Satan 102 i(1712)Dollle Welthoff.103
.... Native 104 1714 Sam Sam 97
(1723)Oood Hope ....10a 1707 Sybaris 105
1712 Mocorito 103 1 17C6 Hlsrh Hoe 1M
First race— Ravelling, Phil Archibald. Fonio.
Heoond race — Montanlc, True Blue, Favonlus.
Third race— Handlcapper, Montallade, May
dine.
Fourth race— Casdale, Meadow Lark, Billy
Moore.
Fifth race^Hcotch Plaid. Astor, Florabird.
Sixth race-Sad Sam, Dollle Weithoff, Native.
Favorites Sweep Everything Before
Them at Tanforan Park.
BETTING RING LOSES
A MODEST FORTUNE
There was a , big house at the testi
monial tendered George Hammersmith
last evening at Native Sons' Hall. Mr
Hammersmith is about to leave for \ew
York and his friends took this method of
testifying their regard for him noa or
.There was a splendid programme, not
the least^part of which was that con
tributedL by Mr. Hammersmith. He ap
peared in a, song and recitation, gave hla
famous impersonation of a gayetv dancer
fi««" «f S ery A , exceI^ nt travesty. & |S5?£
tion of the Alcazar version of .'.'Saoho " •
Qua'ne t < W»n» l T n T ' r > tone - Knickerfe;
Jean Dur.H i "vnts. comedian: Mlsa
RW rP Da e ronr n rnim1c; th ' 8 - . *™ W &
th^no^ing^ub": def e P atr ? na se of
t C A U J?^Ll at JJ Ve8t « rn Addition. Darlna Parlor.
iA r- . " Forura .: v ermonters, Stanford Par
fet^ffi - £ a 5; T mDlc ' Xatlonal : u P Ion -
GEORGE HAMMERSMITH
IS OFF FOB NEW YORK
Open Etake. -12S entries— V. J. Healey's Urania
\s. James "Hurley's Gramercy; ' James Healy's
Hurricane vs. Curtis &• Sons' .-Kibosh; Captain
Cane's -.Master Da ven'jort. vs. '.Star Kennels'
Herschel's Pride: Rue'sell & Allen's Talk To
Me vs. George A. Sturr's Whoop- La: ; Curtis
fk Sons'. War Eagle va. -A. Jackson's Honor
Bright; - W. Cairn's Imperial vs. James Hur
ley's OK Capitol; T. Tlerney's Lucretia Bor
gia vs. Curtis & Sons* Narcissus: Pasha-Ken
nels' Real Article vs. M. Dunlea's Erin: ¦ P.' J.
Reillr'B Loughr.eairh \t. ¦ D. J. Healey's Lady
Clare; T. I J. Cronln's Vixen vs. ,l.,,HoMra'n
Royalist; T. W. Barters Mac's Met&y .*•».. J.
Eo.Hodgkins 1 King Cashier; Russelpi Allen's
Castaway vs. - .Georjre MacDougall's"; Colonel
Lopez; H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway vs. Curtis
4. .Sons'*. Rector; % G. , Lennon'B Half -Moon vs.
P..;Brophy's Benlcia Boy; Chiarini . Bros.'
Bunko Bill vs. T. J. Cronin'a Delsy Dale; F.
Jones': Wedeewood vs.' James. Dean's Slsquoc;
H. A. Deckel man's Snap Shot va. .- Russell &
Allen's Stray a way; A*neld KennelB'j,.Flne.Flre
vs. 'Pasha Kennels' Roundabout; .E>, Geary's
Ireland vs. ;E.; M. : Kellogg's Iowa* Boy; R.
Strehl's Three Cheers vs. Russell & Allen's
After the draw it 'was announced that,
inasmuch as most of the' owners and
trainers wished to see W. C. de B. Lo
pez's cold Articulate perform In the big
three-year-old event at Tanforan Satur
day: afternoon, the usual programme for
that day at Union Coursing Park would
be run off oh Friday. Following are the
entries as drawn last night:
One hundred and twenty-eight dogs
were drawn last night at Pythian Castle
to meet In the open stake which will be
decided Friday and Sunday. ; ¦
Contests Saturday.
Sunday ' At Union Park— No
Event Will Bo Decided Friday and
_i
FAST COURSERS DRAWN
FOR THE OPEN STAKE
Third round— Waps^o h*at May Blossom: Ice
man. beat Haphazard; For Liberty beat Billy
Me.'
Fourth round— Warden withdrawn, leaving
Iceit.an and For Liberty to divide.
Second • round— Wapsee bsat Sweet Locust:
May Blossom b*at Goldle Me; Iceman beat
Andromeda; Haphazard beat Freeze Out: For
Liberty beat Lady Nell; .Billy Me beat Morn-
Inc Dawn.
Sapling stakes, tw.-nty-three entries—Yo
semlte Kennels' Sweet. Locust beat D. E.
Wiley's Lady Sylvanus; Curtis & Sons' Wap
¦?e beat W. Carmlehiel's Glimpse at Glory:
D. CheMa's May Blossom heat Captain Clark
son's Miss Hrummel; William McDonald's
Goldle Me beat J. Dean's Dorothy M: Sterl A
Knowles' Iceman beat Captain Clarkson's
Prompto; Aeneld Kennels' Andromeda beat A.
Vanderberg's Preclta Maid; Sterl & Knowles'
Freeze Out beat Yosernltfc Kennels' MerHwa:
Sterl & Knowles' For Liberty beat J. Horn's
Bonus; Captain Clarkson's Haphazard beat \'o
ecmlte Kennels' Kavlnla: Captain Clarkson's
Lady Nell beat R. Pringle's .Rislty Jig; Wil
liam McDonald's Hilly Me beat E. H. Mul
caster's The Mcor; R. Tiingle's Morning Dawn,
a bye.
Fifth round— Rival's Answer beat Black
Flush, Fontenoy having been withdrawn, this
beinqr the deciding course.
Fourth round— Rival's Answer beat Free
dom's Banner: Fontenoy beat Rosinante; Black
FlUKh beat Granuvllla.
Third round— Rival's Answer beat lone; Ro-
Blnante beat Rebecca: Freedom's Banner beat
Vagrant: Fontenoy beat Roxana: Granuvllla
beat Invite; Black Flush beat Royal Fashion.
beat Sir Crawford; Vagrant beat Little Dolly;
Fontenoy beat Eros: Granuvllla "beat Melpo
mene; Roxana l>eat Jewess; Levlte beat Fash
ion Plate; Royal Fashion beat Crawford Belle;
Black Flush bfcat Momus."
WeeMlnw Belli; H. Perigo's Bohe vs. Curtis &
Bonn" MoKlnley; Captain. Cane's Greenhall V».
Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas: George Whitney's
Theron vi>. J. Smith's Uoney Boy; E. M. Kel
lOKg's Kid McCoy vs. Yosemlte Kennels' Beauty
Spot; Curtis & Sons' Echo vs. T. McCool's
Fin McCool; George Sharman's Bowery Boy vs.
E. M. KpIIoks's Sweet Emma; W. C. Glas
son's Dew Drop vs. Russell & Allen's Daisy
CT.-iir; Yosemlte Kennels' Uncle Fuller va.
Chiarini Bros.' Santonin; G. Lennon's Jennie
Xoyes vs. Connell Bros.' Log Boy: J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs. Aeneld Kennels'
Ajrnote; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl vs. Yo
semlte Kennels' Moa:; R. K. de B. l.opez &
Son's Mlnnewawa vs. Aenelrl Kennels' Achilles;
George Nethercott's Floodgate vs. Chiarini
Bros.' Brass Button; F. A. MeComb's Little
Sizter vs. T. J. Crontn's Vandal; Erwln &
I.yon's Silver Wing vs. T. Barrels Wait a
Little; Pasha Kennel.V Rural Artist vs. Cap
tain Clarkson's Golden Garter; J. Carroll's
Auckland vs. Sterl & Knowles' Rippls; Russell
& Allen's Faithful Lad vs. Curtis & Sons'
Luxor; J. Smith's Master Workman vs. A.
Burke's Kanaka: Kerrigan & Meharry's Kros
vs. Gold Dust Kennsls' Forget; Walsh &
Heenan's Sacramento Hoy vs. D. J. Healey's
Tapioca; J. • R. MeCarty's John Doe vs. J.
Carroll's Master Clalr; Pasha Kennels' May
Hempstead vs. C. Bonaer's Wild Norah; Star
Kennels' Master Lawrence vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Master Rocket: T. Tlerney's Tea Rose
vs. Curtis & Sons' Psyche: R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's Sweetness \r. Yosemlte Kennels' Bad
Boy: Curtis & Sons' Warpath "s. George Shar
man's Chicago Boy; Cuitis & Sons' Flying Fox
vs. George Sharman's Royal Flush: Curtis &
Sons' Maud S vs. Paaha Kennels' Run Alone:
J. Dempsey's Jingle Bella vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Belle Rocket; P.. Doyle's Thelma vs.
P. Rlley's Jim Jeffries: Russell & Allen's First
Foot vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M; J. Kenny's
May Boy vs. Aeneld. Kennels' Aethra: Jeff
Martinet's Bernal Boy vs. Gold Dust Kennels'
St. Michael: D. Sheehan's Starn B vs. Curtis
& Sons' Shadow; H. Perrljro's Lady- Daven
port vs. T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee: E. Geary's
America vs. George Parkinson's Ben Lomond;
Ycs-?mite Kennels' Nordica vs. II. a. Deckel
man's Laurence: Curtis & Sons' Vulcan vs
M. . Dillon's Challenger; F. A. McComb's
Frosty Morn vs. Curtis & Sons' Charter: Sterl
& Knnwles' Ollta vs. P. J. Rellly's Willful
•Widow; F. A. McComb's Bona Fide vs Jeff
Martinet's Slim: H. I'trrlgo's Comptroller vs
L. F. Barter s Banner KriRht: Pasha Kennels 1
Belle Clalr vs. George fcharman's St. Ives.
Puppy strike, forty-eight - entries— George
Wood's Mtsiulto b^ttt jpaffney &. Horklns'
Spartan; 1'asha Ker.neU' Klval's Answer beat
Star Kennels' Gam* Jioy: W. C. .dawon's
lone beat F. Moran'n Cold Dollar: Yosemlte
Kennels' Sir Van beat G»orge fiharman's- The
Doctor; Curtla A Sons* Yellow Kid beat R.
Prlngle's Tom Thumb; Yosemlte Kennela' Re
becca beat Georee A. fctarr'a Whoop La; Yo
semlte Kennels' Kr«dom's Banner beat A.
Merrill's KlyinK Belle; J. Dean's Greyfeld beat
J. <5trahl's Lady Friend; G. Lennon's Sir Craw
ford beat J. Strahl'8 Lady .Russell:- Curtis &
Son*' ItoBinante beat 0. A. Starr's Friendly
Laes: J. McCormlekV Little -Dolly beat T.
Hynn's 'Kancho; CurtU &. Sons' Vagrant beat
D. E. Wiley'* Buckles; Star Kennels' Fon
tenoy beat J. Holden'e : Royalist; Kerrigan &
Sieharry'a Eros beat W. Carmfchael's Royal
Bess; J. Kerrigran'B Melpomene beat P. Joy
ner's Frisco Boy;.J. Kerrigan's Roxana beat
F. Antagne's Flamora; D. Dillon's Granuvllla
beat P. Doyle's Whit* ¦ Ribbon; R. -E. de B
Lopez & Son's Jewess beat .', M. Monasch's
Florence Flatterer; R. 13. de B. Lopez & Son's
The Levlte beat Pasha Kennel*'., Royal Albert-
Curtis & Bonn' Fashion Plate beat. B. Silvia's
Good Hope; F. ¦ A. McCorab"> Royal Fashion
beat Yosemlte Kennels' .'Nordlqa; E. 11. Kel
icgg'e Crawford Belle ' beat T. A. Gaffney'a
Milllngton; George Sharman's Black Flush beat
Pasha Kennels' Repeat Again; Beck & Hoff
man s-Momus Beat F.iloran's Grand Duchess
_ becond round— Rival's Answer beat Mosquito 1
lone beat Sir ¦ Van ;r Rebecca .beat Yellow Kid-
Freedom'B Banner beat Greyfeld; Rosinante
The work of Rival's Answer wass sen
sational. Her first course with Game
Boy, the wonder of two weeks ago, was
her hardest trial. Mosquito was put out
by a score of 18-0; lone. 8-0, and Free
Banner, 10-0. The deciding course was be
tween Rival's Answer and Black Flush.
Both dogs were tired and Rival's Answer
had to combat superior experience, but
nevertheless won out, score. 30-8.
The Iceman proved, a star sapling. In
the first round Prompto wan frozen by a
score of 13-0, and In the second round An
dromeda went to her kennels with chills
that chattered, a 48-3 score. Then Hap
hazard suffered from the cold wave.
Wapsee, who did brilliant and hard work,
and who gives promise of being a great
dog. was withdrawn before meeting Ice
man in the fourth round. This .left Ice
man and his sister. For Liberty, to divide
the money. . .
There were few upsets for the talent
yesterday, the favorites gathering in the
coin. Following are the results:
It was "For Freedom" day in every
sense of the word, for the get of that In
comparable courser carried off the hon
ors in both stakes. Rival's Answer, a
For Freedom puppy from the kennels of
J. H. Rosseter, won the puppy stake In
splendid style, while first money in the
sapling. stake was divided by Iceman and
For Liberty, both For Freedom stock,
from the kennels of Sterl & Knowles.
Among the last six dogs in each stake
were three of For Freedom's get. an un
precedented honor for a coursing sire.
"The best sapling and puppy, stakes
ever run In America," was Judge Grace's
verdict at the close of the coursing con
tests at Union Park yesterday afternoon.
Two stakes, the sapling, twenty-three
entries, and the puppy, forty-eight
entries, were run without a hitch, but one
undecided and one unsighted course being
marked on the programme. The young
sters behaved like veterans and their
work was warmly applauded.
Rival's Answer Wins the Puppy Event and Iceman and For Liberty
... r Divide the First Money in the Sapling Stake.
The feather-weights started the show.
D. Danziger, O. C, and D. J. Byrnes,
The officials were: J. B. Smith, referee;
Milton Hayes and W. M. Cartwrlght,
judges: F. R. Butz, timer, and R. Mc-
Glbbon. announcer.
THE curtain was raised last night
at the Olympic Club on the ama
teur boxing tournament for the
championship of the Pacific Const.
Feather-weights and light-weights
occupied the fistic stage— sixteen of the
former and eight of^the latter.
During the early part of the evening
the tournament dragged, but after the
feather-weight boxers had been allowed
their say and the light-weights had come
within the calcium, some ginger and spice
was scattered on the glove feast. About
the time the thirsty were leaving their
seats for liquid refreshment W. L. Bevert
of the West Oakland Club and D. A. Car
roll, one of the Olympic . prize- boxers,
stepped into the ring for a tilt at heads.
Carroll, to the surprise of all, was carried
to his corner in less than a minute df
fighting. This was the formal introduc
tion of knockouts. James Britt treated
C. Garcia to a -similar dose of medicine
at the wind-up of the programme, and
the crowd, which comfortably filled the
gymnasium, was put in better spirits.
Britt and Bevert will make whirlwinds
and cyclones if they come together, as
they are very like to do, before tho wind
up of the light-weight class.
proved a tragedy to himself. In the third
round .Referee Smith gave the fight to
Leonard.
James Howard and . Frank . McDonald,
both unattached, ¦were next inside tho
ropes. McDonald earn?d tho decision be
fore the end of the third round, but How
ard's strong <flnlsh Inlluenced the judges
to call for another. Howard won out.
Lewis Long of the Keliance Athletic
Club then mrt J. ShaokeUon. unattached.
Long was given the decision.
The first lightweight fight was the event
of the evening. D. A. Carroll. Olympic
Club favorite, fell to the boards in just
forty-rive seconds of -fighting, when XV.
L. Bevert Jr. of the West Oakland Ath
letic Club got fit him. Bovert is an active,
strong, clever fighter and will give the
best of the liehtweights a good run.
J. A. Rock of the Olympic Club received
the decision over J. Flynn of the. West
Oakland Club.
J. A. Raggert, unattached, and D. Mur
phy of the Olympic Club tried the stray
ing cyclone act. Murphy went down and
out Just before the first round ended.
James Brltt. Olympic Club, and C. Gar
cia of tho Pacific Athletic Club were the
last of the lightweights on last night's
bill. Britt was there with both hands.
In less than i round Garcia turned nib
toes toward the skylight and whacked his
head on the boards under the ropes. A
left and right did the trick— rather a stiff
left and right at that.
The tournament will be continued this
evening:
FOR FREEDOM PUPPIES RUN IN RECORD
FORM IN THE TWO STAKES AT UNION PARK
unattached, set the fistic whirl a-goliiK.
For three rounds they fought so evenly
that ' the Judges tasked for another
spell of lighting. The fourth round,
which, under the amateur rules. Is lopped
oft a minute, ha«J pretty much of the color
of Danzlger. So the judges thought, and
the> Olympic Club man was pronounced
the winner.
After the curtain-raiser, J. Moran of tho
Pacific Athletic Club and D. J: Byrnes,
unattached, furnished three acts of com
edy. Byrnes suffered from atage fright
at first and later from many head knocks.
Moran was an easy winner.
The third contest was between James
Donohue and T. A. RIordan. both Unat
tached. Donohue started out; as If ha
thought his , first name was Tern*, but
somewhere In the second or third round
he proved untrue oven to his thoughts.
RIordan: was proclaimed the winner after
an extra round was called for.
Then cam o F. H. Simpson of the West
Oakland Athletic Club and J.- Lundle, un
attached.;, Simpson wag strong at the out
set; but finished on the floor at the end of
the third round. Lundie scored the vic
tory. *
•William Kreling of the San Franclso
Athletic Club and H. \Wasa. unattached,
were next on tho programme. An extr.i
round was necessary before the judgcj
llxed upon Kreling as the winner. .
The most grotesque bout of the even
lng,was between W. J. Leonard. Olympic
Club, and W. Troy of nowhere. Troy
fancied he was a fistic comedian, but he
LEADING FEATURES OP THE PACIFIC COAST CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING TOURNAMENT NOW BEING. HELD
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB AND SOME OF THE WELL-KNOWN CLUBMEIs WrtO WJERE IN ATTENDANCE
FOR THE OPENING BOUTS. • . ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 3J, 1901.
BOUTS OF YOUNG BOXERS AT OLYMPIC CLUB'S TOURNEY
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Corinthian Commodore.
TIBURON YACHTSMEN
IN ANNUAL MEETING
? ¦ ¦
Harry D. Hawks Is Again Elected as
ndex I Horse, Age.
IPO.
Weight. i Pst St. H-
ij. Str. Fin.
I Jockeys.
I, Betting — »
Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
3T1S JGold Or. 4..
1596 4..
J70S (Prejudice, 4
lCTa) , Specific 4...
, _i |
112: in s t
1U" 3 I 3 2 »4
1 107! 2 2 : 4
112 4 4 In
2 h 3 2 In
14 13 2 2
4 4 3 V:
3 h ! n 4
IJonklns ...
j Henry
[O'Connor .,
T. Burns..
-4-5 6-5 9-10 1-3
'3 S 4 4-5
8 10 10 5-2
5-2 16-5 3 4-5
ndex (Horse,
.A*e.
, Weight, jj
po.;
Pst St.
K-
l i-
Str.
Fin.
I Jockeys.
l< Bett:
I Op. HI.
ting ,
ex. pi.
I
•1
13M) Tuthill
1717 O«en«=
J664 !E<5carr
1C3S iMorloc
I&t jAr.Jou.
ITU j Forme!
17f>4) .Topma
K74 Oimr.ii
II. 4..
= boro.
do 4
el. 6..
. «....
>ro. I.
ISt a
as. 5..
K;
. «...-.. .1041
1 101
]A4|
107|.
109i
i 107!
1«?1
2 t 3'
3 ! 4
|I j;
i 7 5
i 2
5 8
S 6
1 n
2 2 -
6 IV
7 V
5 n
3 1
8
4 1
1 1
2 '
5 i
7 i
fi !
3 !
S
4 I
1
1
h
M
1
1
\
t
l
i
I
1%
t
1 5
2 2
3.2
4 n
5 >i
2 6 3'
7 5
s
i
J
?
>
1 4
2 2
8 1
4 3
5 2
6 >i
76
s
jHenry
iCoburn
iO'Connor ..
!J. Miller...
Mounce
T. Burns...
I Jenkins ...
IDominlek .
3 3
3 4
12 12
8 15
7-1 7
3 4
6 10
10 20
13-5 1
4 3-2
8 3
15 5
5 2
4 3-2
10 '3
20 8
ARC
W€
eiSht.
ipjBtjst.-;
. Str.
Fin.
I
, | Jockeys.
re—
- Hett
Hi.
tin? —
CJ.
PI.'
T]
"i
71
IS)
10
ii
lLoti
iTex:
•Aur
<7ra:
iBett
hian,
;ark»
riffer
inper
• Cai
ter !
I
....1411
....US!
....14<>;
. 4.1271
....144!
i 2tl
| l\l
: 415
16 12
13 16
4 2''
1 6 .
2 *
3 t"
6
' 2 19
. 1 1
3 20
4 30
*FrIl
1 2
*2 20
3 4U
4
5
I Sutherland .
IHueston ....
lljenhart
IC. Brown...
j\Vorth'«ton
C'ooDtr '
I
.! 7-10
.! 12
¦ s<
. 20
4-5
8
30
9-2
12
33
7-10
6
25
9-2
12
¦ 30
1-1
2
8
1
' 5
8
¦x
! Horse i
ar
.Veifc!
ir»o.i
;pst
i — i
t|6t-
4.
Str. Fin.
I Jockeys.
/ Beitlng ,
I Op. HS. Cl. PI.
.Telamnr
'Edna E
ArKTVgo
1301
ftg
if.:
1 3 !
! *
i 2
1
7
2
: i
3 n
3 2
i 3
22 1 2
In 2 n
6 4 Z '-,.
IHpnry '
IKensch '
[ilounre i
. 3-5 4-5 4-5 7-1C
. 12 13 U! <
20 30 20 i
Tj-r ...
ISt. Rica
3
4
s n
6 4
4 2
6 «,
4 2
4U 4 !
5 'i 5 2
3 2 6 6
[O'Connor ...I
X'oburn
iDomlnlok ...
4 7-2 7-2 ' ]
5 7 7 :
• * * * 2
4?
tSelde ..
iKincrtp
J Dalv
. I 15 «0 40 12
I
r i Horse
Weight
lPo.1
t.]Pst
:
list.
!*•
a i.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1/ Betting ,
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
_j_
-I
I«67)
1705
1712
ilimna
; <~"ourti
Bsvaf
Thrac
'Cnra
hr
a p.
Uei
eia
1*
r
a
iBht
r
1 ...
oetz
rc: 6
)7j 4 I
IS 1 5 !
tt 1 '
-7; 3 I
171 2 I
i
8
6
4
1
1 1
5 2
6 4
Ik
1
I
I
j
'2
1 *•
3 1
5 2
« 1
4 1
2 4
1 3
2 2
3 n
42
6 3
6 3
;Henry
'Coburn
IBprpron
iMounee
iO'Connor ...
!j. woods
J 7-5 8-5 7-5 1-2
.4 S 9-2 8-5
.1 10 13 12 5
.! 4 7 6 2
.1 7 12 10 4
.1 13 15 12 5
IWlllis
IGold
1 Ac;
¦nlgTP
"9\ 8 I
*! 7 !
1 5
! <
s
7 3
8 .:
R. Rtjps
;I>orrinlck ...
.12 40 30 12
.6 7 7 5-2
:n<5ex {Hor*=*
1CS7 iRcJMc
1C2> Keltic
,Fr'ni*
Age.
c. 3
For*
And'
. Weight
in<
**t. 3.. Si
;>on. tit
I'o.
Tst
s
I
t'St.
m
I 4
1
4
it
I b
8 2
1 3
5 1
Str. Fin.
3 1 1 l'i
ii : h
2 4 3 4
. I Jockeys. | Op.
i [Buchanan .. 1
'iviniinick ... 8
i(T Connor ... 7
~ Bettinjr >
HI. Cl. PI.
8-5 g-5 3-5
12 12 4
10 10 3
IT22 iFre*
371? :rv.n 1
:
5 1 4 3
6 2 5 1
IMnunee I S
IE. Jones I 2'i
8 -S 5-2
5i> BO IS
170« iOsn-.oi
I7f* ILocell
1.-.S9 !\Vhal«
•I. 5
ness,
bark.
.......ill
. 5 ...11!
,9
m
3
5
2 h
4 h fi »,
72 7 2
8 4 85
nullmar. 10
jCrburn • 3
iFnllehy ! 20
OV O1J JO
23 20 7
7-2 7-2 6-5
100 lfK) SO
1
|7
\t •»¦""* «•¦'
•H«nr>-' 5
5 S R-5
ndex I Horse, Age.
IPO.
Weight. i Pst St. H-
ij. Str. Fin.
I Jockeys.
I, Betting — »
Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
3T1S JGold Or. 4..
1596 4..
J70S (Prejudice, 4
lCTa) , Specific 4...
, _i |
112: in s t
1U" 3 I 3 2 »4
1 107! 2 2 : 4
112 4 4 In
2 h 3 2 In
14 13 2 2
4 4 3 V:
3 h ! n 4
IJonklns ...
j Henry
[O'Connor .,
T. Burns..
-4-5 6-5 9-10 1-3
'3 S 4 4-5
8 10 10 5-2
5-2 16-5 3 4-5
ndex (Horse,
.A*e.
, Weight, jj
po.;
Pst St.
K-
l i-
Str.
Fin.
I Jockeys.
l< Bett:
I Op. HI.
ting ,
ex. pi.
I
•1
13M) Tuthill
1717 O«en«=
J664 !E<5carr
1C3S iMorloc
I&t jAr.Jou.
ITU j Forme!
17f>4) .Topma
K74 Oimr.ii
II. 4..
= boro.
do 4
el. 6..
. «....
>ro. I.
ISt a
as. 5..
K;
. «...-.. .1041
1 101
]A4|
107|.
109i
i 107!
1«?1
2 t 3'
3 ! 4
|I j;
i 7 5
i 2
5 8
S 6
1 n
2 2 -
6 IV
7 V
5 n
3 1
8
4 1
1 1
2 '
5 i
7 i
fi !
3 !
S
4 I
1
1
h
M
1
1
\
t
l
i
I
1%
t
1 5
2 2
3.2
4 n
5 >i
2 6 3'
7 5
s
i
J
?
>
1 4
2 2
8 1
4 3
5 2
6 >i
76
s
jHenry
iCoburn
iO'Connor ..
!J. Miller...
Mounce
T. Burns...
I Jenkins ...
IDominlek .
3 3
3 4
12 12
8 15
7-1 7
3 4
6 10
10 20
13-5 1
4 3-2
8 3
15 5
5 2
4 3-2
10 '3
20 8
ARC
W€
eiSht.
ipjBtjst.-;
. Str.
Fin.
I
, | Jockeys.
re—
- Hett
Hi.
tin? —
CJ.
PI.'
T]
"i
71
IS)
10
ii
lLoti
iTex:
•Aur
<7ra:
iBett
hian,
;ark»
riffer
inper
• Cai
ter !
I
....1411
....US!
....14<>;
. 4.1271
....144!
i 2tl
| l\l
: 415
16 12
13 16
4 2''
1 6 .
2 *
3 t"
6
' 2 19
. 1 1
3 20
4 30
*FrIl
1 2
*2 20
3 4U
4
5
I Sutherland .
IHueston ....
lljenhart
IC. Brown...
j\Vorth'«ton
C'ooDtr '
I
.! 7-10
.! 12
¦ s<
. 20
4-5
8
30
9-2
12
33
7-10
6
25
9-2
12
¦ 30
1-1
2
8
1
' 5
8
¦x
! Horse i
ar
.Veifc!
ir»o.i
;pst
i — i
t|6t-
4.
Str. Fin.
I Jockeys.
/ Beitlng ,
I Op. HS. Cl. PI.
.Telamnr
'Edna E
ArKTVgo
1301
ftg
if.:
1 3 !
! *
i 2
1
7
2
: i
3 n
3 2
i 3
22 1 2
In 2 n
6 4 Z '-,.
IHpnry '
IKensch '
[ilounre i
. 3-5 4-5 4-5 7-1C
. 12 13 U! <
20 30 20 i
Tj-r ...
ISt. Rica
3
4
s n
6 4
4 2
6 «,
4 2
4U 4 !
5 'i 5 2
3 2 6 6
[O'Connor ...I
X'oburn
iDomlnlok ...
4 7-2 7-2 ' ]
5 7 7 :
• * * * 2
4?
tSelde ..
iKincrtp
J Dalv
. I 15 «0 40 12
I
r i Horse
Weight
lPo.1
t.]Pst
:
list.
!*•
a i.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1/ Betting ,
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
_j_
-I
I«67)
1705
1712
ilimna
; <~"ourti
Bsvaf
Thrac
'Cnra
hr
a p.
Uei
eia
1*
r
a
iBht
r
1 ...
oetz
rc: 6
)7j 4 I
IS 1 5 !
tt 1 '
-7; 3 I
171 2 I
i
8
6
4
1
1 1
5 2
6 4
Ik
1
I
I
j
'2
1 *•
3 1
5 2
« 1
4 1
2 4
1 3
2 2
3 n
42
6 3
6 3
;Henry
'Coburn
IBprpron
iMounee
iO'Connor ...
!j. woods
J 7-5 8-5 7-5 1-2
.4 S 9-2 8-5
.1 10 13 12 5
.! 4 7 6 2
.1 7 12 10 4
.1 13 15 12 5
IWlllis
IGold
1 Ac;
¦nlgTP
"9\ 8 I
*! 7 !
1 5
! <
s
7 3
8 .:
R. Rtjps
;I>orrinlck ...
.12 40 30 12
.6 7 7 5-2
:n<5ex {Hor*=*
1CS7 iRcJMc
1C2> Keltic
,Fr'ni*
Age.
c. 3
For*
And'
. Weight
in<
**t. 3.. Si
;>on. tit
I'o.
Tst
s
I
t'St.
m
I 4
1
4
it
I b
8 2
1 3
5 1
Str. Fin.
3 1 1 l'i
ii : h
2 4 3 4
. I Jockeys. | Op.
i [Buchanan .. 1
'iviniinick ... 8
i(T Connor ... 7
~ Bettinjr >
HI. Cl. PI.
8-5 g-5 3-5
12 12 4
10 10 3
IT22 iFre*
371? :rv.n 1
:
5 1 4 3
6 2 5 1
IMnunee I S
IE. Jones I 2'i
8 -S 5-2
5i> BO IS
170« iOsn-.oi
I7f* ILocell
1.-.S9 !\Vhal«
•I. 5
ness,
bark.
.......ill
. 5 ...11!
,9
m
3
5
2 h
4 h fi »,
72 7 2
8 4 85
nullmar. 10
jCrburn • 3
iFnllehy ! 20
OV O1J JO
23 20 7
7-2 7-2 6-5
100 lfK) SO
1
|7
\t •»¦""* «•¦'
•H«nr>-' 5
5 S R-5
.^iffi^glt, I do not treat all diseases, hut I treat men. MEN ONLY
& !**\, and cure> thern to stay cured. I have recently treated*
M -¦ . . \ - scores of stubborn cases for some of the best citizens of
til 1 this city and vicinity, and not a slnjrle failure nor an un-
rv-25?.f£$i pleasant result has been reported. What I have done for
Iff! "VI . ,°, the "« I -^ a " d0 tor > ou -' There la absolutely.no case of
- ' «y«iL :»sw«griffiss8» *°A imaSSm.
i*V-^? ¦ SM&i ' any i s e l , h{lt l cann o^ cure ?afe!y. quickly anri perma-
' *W^« BM l i««iA I Ne Ii tei 1 i r . e . c< 25L pl . et * lyan 2 f °revermen who have
/K'-J^W^L^S^Sfl E^i: ;>l 1 0Nb ' SMALL OR WFA' ORGANS. P^EMATURF.
£3&tEWr f NEaS> LAMEJBACK. INFLAMMATION OF R» »DDER OR
nnPTJIR kidveys. failing .memory, nervousness loss
UUWUH 5Wt*ni. 0F AMBITION or similar syrnptonS of phj^raiV m >n?al !
The longest estab- and sexual .weakness. My counsel la free to DatlenU
liEhed.- most successful and to physic! ann having .obstinate ca*es to treat if [
?n V4a"eJ V^EN KnJ*"*?*, Ca JK at . my ° mce to ' <lay - wrlt * your trouble,
in Diseases or 5IE.V fu , ly . # nA j wlu gJve you &n noncst Rnd s, clentinc in .
Ion of your case free. My home treatment by correspondence la always sue-
noiffir XFinSSSP-SSfg. -ilSSS^ 1 capItal - sivcn . ta cach pailent w
DR, F. L,;SWEANY, ,737 Karket St., Sin Franslsco.
>.. S. Hand & Co., the handicappers
of 34 Kearny street,, cave their sub-
scribers six straight winners yesterday,
and a $10 parle would bave won $1625
post odds. •The Nicaragua Canal,
When built, will prove the link between pros
perity and many people. It will prov« a
ble*»irg to humanity in general. Improving the
condition of the nation, as Hostetter's Stom
ach Bitters does that of the Individual. Noth
ing to «-<iual this remedy has ever been dis
covered for ell ailments of the stomach, liver.
,i? ki S ~5 Wdneys. It will quickly cleanse
blood and sharpen the appetite. See that
our Private Kever.u« Stamp covers tb« neck
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were (granted yester
day to Clara B. Atkinson from- George- W
Atkinson for cruelty, Margaret McVefry
from Myron T. McVerry for desertion and
Lydia A. Doyle- from Michael E. Doyle
for desertion. • Charles Julius Helbere has
sued ; Julia B/, Helberg . for : a divorce.' al
leging desertion as a cause of action.-,"
BOARD OF TRADE OPPOSES
STATE QUARANTINE BILL
Resolutions Protesting Against Pass
ago of Proposed measure Are ';
Unanimously Adopted.
The San Francisco Board of Trade at
Its meeting last Thursday took a'fiecidea
stand in opposition to the appointment of
a State Quarantine Officer at this port, as
proposed In Assembly bill . No. 234, now
pending at Sacramento. The following
resolutions relative to the matter were
unanimously adopted:
" Whereas, Experience has demonstrated at
this port. as. well as at other seaports in the
United Statea, > that where both the Federal
and State governments maintain quarantine
officers disputes and conflicts upon the ques
tion of superior authority constantly arise, thus
Tetardlng the docking of vessels and causing
much annoyance and embarrassment to the
masters and owners thereof, unnecessary delay
to consignees and ' great discomfort to pas
sengers; and . . ,\
Whereas. The Federal Government maintains
a quarantine service at the port of San Fran
cisco and claims that its authority in the prem
ises is paramount to thnt of the State— In which
contention it has been upheld by: the Federal
and State courts; therefore, be It
Resolved. That the passage of Assembly bill
No. 294 wlll^not be productive of any. benefit
to the State of California or the port of San
Francisco, but will prove a great detriment to
the commercial and shipping Interests of said
port and add to the burdens thereof— already
claimed to be excessive; and belt further
Resolved. That > the Senators and Assembly
men from the city and; county, of San Fran
cisco be and they are hereby; requeated to use
their best endeavors to prevent said bill from
becoming a law.
COAST BREVITIES.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 30,-Edwrard Donohue, a
rancher residing: at English Hill, was killed
60* t re!S« 1 of > « e ™ naway team - Donohue JSS
•WALNUTT CREEK. Jan. 30.-The almond
powers of Central Contra Costa County met
here and organized for gelling the product us
a whole to the highest bidder. E I Hutch
Inson was elected and Frank Gavin
secretary. ¦* t . ¦
TACOMA, Jan. SO.— The Northern Pacific'
Railroad Company will at once begin the con
struction of a branch line from Scappose O?
to PttUburg. Or., and am fast as business war'
wants extend lt to the Pacific Ocean
, SAN JOSE. Jan. SO.-F. C. Malktnas. a So-'
clallst. was to-day convicted ln Justice Cobb's
court for obstructing the sidewalk with str£.r
meetings. . . " Bln!n
SEATTLE, Jan. S0.-The overdue colli-r
Hyjides. from San Francisco, arrived in Sp
attle I to-day, having been delayed by heav'v
head winds. *.
SKATTLB, Jan. 30.— Captain Samuel Durf»e
a^ well-known marine. man of this coast, died
at Ballard this morning from a ntroke of par
nlysia. after an Illness of. a few hours • He w«»
35 years old. He was formerly captain of the
Alsrka. uteamere Rosalie ¦ and Farallon F»rlor
to that he was on a Pacific Mall Meanier run
ning between San Francisco and Panama.
WOODLAND. Jan. 30.— The'late Mrs P H
J?*5 n: i r V who » dl^ d in llondky. was
burled- here to-day.' There was a larce «t
tvidanca of, friends of the family from abroad.
Sissons ¦ Couple Weds.
PETALUMA, Jan. 30.— William Sissons
and Miss Clara Peck were married at
Santa Rosa yesterday. The two came to
Petaluma on Monday to visit a prominent
Petaluma family. said that they
were on their way homo to Siskiyou
County from a visit with . relatives and
were going to Santa Rosa to take the
train north. They said nothing of their
marriage. The groom is the landlord of
the.Sissons Tavern and the bride is the
daughter of a confidential employe of the
Slssons Lumber and Mercantile Company.
It Is thought that the Siskiyou relatives
of the bride and groom will be greatly
astonished to learn of the wedding.
Want Increased Appropriation.
WOODLAND, Jan. 30.— As a result of a
conference between the directors of the
Fortieth Agricultural District and mem
bers of the Legislature, Senator Cutter
and Assemblyman Chl}es have Introduced
bills which provide that Yolo and Sacra
mento counties shall constitute the dis
trict. In this -way it is expected the Leg
islature may be induced to increase the
appropriation to an amount equal to that
given to Alameda and Los Angeles, which
is an equitable proposition, since Yolo
County gave the best district fair held
in the State last year.
Canneryman Loses Life.
'VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 30.— News of the
drowning of a. canneryman was brought
by.the.Willapa; the victim being Herman
Wooster. who was for some time in the
employ of. Peter Harmann of the Skeena.
The unfortunate man left PortvSimpson
in a skiff on January 12 to go to his sloop,
which was anchored in Georgetown Bay.
He -never reached; the sloop, and nothing
more was- heard of him until his body
was found floating with the feet on the
surface and the head downward on Jan
uary 21. '
Will Sue the State.
SAN JOSE." Jan. 30.— Santa Clara Coun
ty, will sue the State for moneys due'for
the maintenance of orphans, half-orphans
and: abandoned \ children. - r The State
Board of Examiners has refused most of
the claims presented by. this county since
1S80. The District Attorney to-day ren .
dered an opinion giving -the' Supervisors
power to employ an outside' attorney at
a contingent arrangement of 10 per cent
of the sum recovered.
WILL PROBE ACTS OF
PORTO RICAN COUNCIL
Resolution of Inquiry Regarding
Guaranteeing o* Dividends to Cor
porations in the Island.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— Senator Jones
of Arkansas to-day introduced the follow
ing resolution In the Senate:
"That the Secretary of War Is hereby
directed to inform the Senate whether
the Executive Council of Porto Rico has
undertaken to guarantee dividends to cor
porations doing business ln that Island,
and If so, to state all the facts to the
Senate, and also whether said executive
council has donated public property of
any character to any. Individual, firms or
corporations, and if so, to state the quan
tity and character of such public prop
erty so proposed to be donated and its
value; and also" by what authority of law
any of said acts have been done by said
executive council."
The resolution was agreed to.
Senator Jones said in reply to an In
quiry- that he had presented the resolu
tion upon the strength of .information con
tained In a San Juan, Porto Rico, news
paper of the 10th inst.. saying that the
council originally had agreed to guarantee
dividends to the French Railway Com
pany, but In default of that action had
donated property to that company valued
at $100,000 and agreed to exempt the com
pany from taxation.
ORDEE ISSUED TO
GOTJXD TRUSTEES
Court Limits Amount to Be Paid An
nually to Countess de Cas
tellane. -
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— Justice Beach. In
the Supreme Court to-day, signed the
formal order directing George G. Gould.
Edwin Gould, Howard Gould and Helen
M. Gould, as trustees of the estate of
the late Jay Gould, their father, not to
pay over any moneys to their sister Anna,
Countess de Castellane, more than $200,
000 a year, pending the trial of the suit
brought by Anton J. DIetmar as assignee
of Asher Werthelmer. the London dealer
in antiques and bric-a-brac, to perma
nently enjoin them from paying the
Countess her income from the trust fund
created for, her benefit by her father until
Dietmar's suit to recover $355,000 has been
decided. . \ .'.:••:
becoming a life member of that organiza
tion yesterday. She sent Secretary Hol
brook $o0 and was promptly enrolled
among the humanitarians. Mrs. Fiske Is
a lover of animals and is always looking
after their welfare. She is a leading
member of the animal society in her
home city, and in every large city where
she appears, upon learning that a humane
society is doing good work, she sends her
check to aid it in its endeavors to protect
dumb beasts.
t.f^ K? AS^Y eneZUela ' Jan - *>. vi * Hay.
S» h 6 revolutionists have been
defeated near Carupano. with heavy
losses. Two sons of General Acosta have
been made prisoners.- Mejano and Rojas
have also been defeated
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Jan. 30.-Senor
Andrade, the former President of Vene
zuela, sailed for Santiago de Cuba and
Havana yesterday, incognito. It is ru
mored that he intends meeting a filibus
tering expedition, which is reported to be
on its way to Venezuela by way of Cuba
He is said to have purchased arms an.l
to have arranged the details of theev
pednion when in New York last autumn
•There is no. doubt Andrade is interestej
in the revolution and in the efforts to
overthrow President Caatro. who drove
him from the presidency in ISM and
caused- him to seek refuge here. Inside"-^
in Porto Rico, however, express thp nnin
on that Andrade does not a?pir| to re°SS-"
lns U ie P, resl <^ncy of Venezuela h"
r'K tfnXre^ ™*
Gould's yacht Atalanta, is on her wfv
from with orders' from p^-si
dent Castro to intercept in the Caribbean
Sea Senor Andrade's filibustering^exped "
which left for Xew York to-day
that Caracas was in a state otlu^rtlltd
excitement when the steamer left Vene
zuelan waters: that President Castro?,
troops had defeated the insurgents near
Cumana. and that a comparatively unim
portant mutiny among the troops in the
barracks at Caracas had been quelled
They also reported that the Venezuelan
Congress would, meet February a to fe
galize the acts of President Castfo who'
since the expulsion of Senor Andrade &
been a dictator, acting without electoral
sanction. It was further gathered' "0^1
the passengers that a general lmrilirJU
might take place about the time of hf
assembling of Confess, but that the Na
tionalist party, a prominent^ organlatlon
in Venezuela, had offered its servlcTs to
Castro to maintain peace B - r^ces to
Two Sons of General Acosta,
the Rebel Leader, Are
Prisoners..
£mw,J Shadburne had announced his in
tentions of putting a lump on Lowenthal's
head, and Mrs. Shadburne also wanted
revenge. When an adjournment was
ordered. Shadburne, his wife and son
waited at the doorway for the approach
of Lowenthal.
Bailiff McKenna. Clerk Morris and
fcf" Maglnis went into the cor
ridor and counseled peace
"I am willing to pay for anything I
ShadbS th llfe " Mr.
him^Tns^d^M^^L^ur^ 6 Care °'
offers Sj Sr^S^ g«g
offerer thereof," interrupted the son
The council of- court officers finally' ner
tht fleld^nWh 1 """ 3 , l ,° "Khdrtw* from
the field and they left the building
dlsSe al SUUe followe <* at a safe
DEFEAT OF REBELS
IN VENEZUELA
2£,, !? e » W V Mr . s> Shadburne hurried to
h?. ,V w e b y the. side of her husband in
his trouble and to revenge, if permitted,
the wrong done him.
When Mrs. Shadburne arrived In court
all was quiet, save that the court was Kiv
ing voice to words of reprimand. "This
is a serious matter," said Judge Sloss,
t£v£iI t 'nMlS 1 ln lettin P 1* P ass I am not
Fi?* ? B * f Vl! h ftma^e to duty. In view of
the fact that you are both transgressors,
and inasmuch as there was some provo
cation on both sides I will not make an
°l,* tor J.' ou to show cause whv you
should not be punished for contempt— that
forthco'mlni?? 10 * 7 f ° r 5 ' OUr C ° ndUCt la
Shadburne and Lowenthal outdid each
««t£ i 6 * effo , rts t° adjust matters
oi!,iion'°t^ of a , pol °ey and at their con
clusion the warring warriors were purged
of contempt.
Further trouble was brewing, however.
* ' -¦¦
ATTORNEY LOWEXTHAL, RAISES A LUMP ON GEORGE- D. SHAD
BURNE'S HEAD. AND THE INJURED MAN'S WIFE HURRIES TO
JUDGE SLOSS 1 COURTROOM WITH BLOOD IN HER EYE.
Buencamino and Other Filipinos Axe
• Considering- the Organization
of an Evangelical
» Church. -
MANILA, Jan. SO.— Dr. Krugrer. the Ger
man Consul General here, has cabled to
the Berlin Government asking that the
Berlin Embassador at Washington be in
structed to diplomatically urge the pas
sage of the Spooner bill.
Two mining corporations organized in
Germany are anxious to begin operations
in the Philippines, but cannot do 00 un
til the status of mining: claims is estab
lished by a permanent government.
Similar action will probably be taken by
the British Consul.
Buencamino and some of the other
Filipino leaders ln Mapila have about de
cided to become Protestants and are Con
sidering, the . organization of an Evangeli
cal church. In an interview to-day Buen
camino said that he had learned that the
Pope had decided to. restore the friars
to their former position In the Philip
pines. Buencamino added that the Fili
pinos could not submit to that and the
effect would be that they .will shortly
leave the Catholic. church ln great num
bers. No public meeting' has been held,
but- the leaders- of -the movement will
meet .privately to-night to discuss the
question with Rev. James B. Rodgera, a
missionary of the Presbyterian board,
who advises the * establishment of an
Evangelical church.
The principals of th© project are Buen
camino, Dr. Rosarlo, Tavare and Flores.
All of these men are members of the
executive committee of the Federal party.
But Chief Justice Arello and General
Torres, the remaining members of that
committee, adhere strictly to the Catholic
church and have declared th© movement
toward Presbyterianism does not emanate
from the party organization.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— Neither the
State Department nor the German Em
bassy so far has received any communica
tion from the German Government urg
ing the enactment of the Spooner Philip
pine resolution, as Indicated in the last
Manila advices. But the Government
here is fully acquainted .with the earnest
desire of foreign capitalists, not only Ger
man, but British, to begin immediately
the Investment of large sums of money in
the development of the Philippines' as
soon as that can be done safely. The
Philippine Commission, through Judge
Taft, has reported that its inability to
confer any sort of a permanent franchise
has paralyzed the development of the
archipelago. The reported pressure from
German financial interests was fully ex
pected.
MacARTHUR'S DEATH LIST.
Victims of Bullets and Disease in the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— General Mac-
Arthur's latest casualty list, dated Ma
nila, January 29, follows:
Killed— January 17, Boac, Marlnduque. Com
pany A, First Infantry, Corporal WT.Ham S.
Hay, George C. Bresher; January 5. near Pom
pone, Luzon, Company D,' Forty-fifth Volun
teer Infantry, Alphonse Van Acker; December
14, Sabang. Leyte, Company L, Forty-third
Volunteer Infantry. Granvllle P. Sims, Ar
thur Carr, Henry L. HlgKlns, Edwin E. Ham
ilton. .
Wounded — Lourenzo D. Taylor, breast, mod
erate, Comrany K, Forty-third Volunteer In
fantry; Second Lieutenant Lewis H. Teft, leg:,
serious ; Frank H. Lucier, hand, serious; Jan
nary 1. Anlslac, Albay, Company F. Forty
seventh Volunteer Infantry. George O'Donnell,
thigh, serious; December 17, Guinobatan, Al
bay, Troop F, Fifth Cavalry. Sergeant Rich
ard.Miller, thigh, serious; December 27, Troop
H, Ninth Cavalry, William Withers, hand,
serious; January 1, Banquieruham, Albay.
Company I. Forty-seventh Volunteer Infantry.
William Taylor, thigh,, serious: First Sergeant
Clarence Linger, groin, severe; ,John Beaty,
groin, severe; January 8, Mauban, Luzon.
Company H, Thirtieth Volunteer Infantry.
Corporal Henry C. Kevins, face, slight; Com
pany M, Thirtieth Volunteer Infantry, Rob
ert G. Settle, leg above knee, moderate; Octo
ber 15. Orae. Leyte, Company D, Forty-fourth
Volunteer Infantry. Don F. Connelly, thigh, [
slight; January 17, Boac, Marinduque,' Com
pany A, First Infantry, Alphonse J. Van
Laeys, log above knee, slight; Gus P. Haln,
leg,- slight:- December 12, Panagcagan. Bohul,
Company L, Nineteenth Infantry, James H.
Rader, back, serious; Corporal Ernest Swltzer,
head, serious: Company B, Forty-fourth Vol
unteer . Infantry. Robert E. Mitchell, leg,
serious.
The following: deaths have occurred
since last report:
Dysentery— January 24, Troop E, Third Cav
alry, Corporal Emery J. McBrlde; Company C,
Seventeenth Infantry, Bernard Schulti; Janu
ary ?0, Company D, Twenty-second Infantry,
Henry Steffen. -
Nephritis— January 22, Company G, Thlrty-
Bixth Volunteer Infantry. Dan D. Henrlck.
Appendicitis— Company H, Third Infantry,
Henry Scharf.
Tuberculosis — Company B, Thirty-fourth Vol
unteer Infantry. Henry W. Wright.
Maceados, January 18, Company M, Seven
teenth Infantry. William C. Dodsworth.
' Heart disease— January 21. Company M,
Twenty-second Infantry, John E. Shea.
Suicide^ — January 20. Company F. Forty-eighth
Volunteer Infantry, Henry Moore.
Accidental explosion — January 23, Company F,
Fourth Infantry, C. C. Ashley.
Drowned— December 3, Company C, Twenty
second Infantry. Forest Mitchell.
Overdose morphine^ — December 30. Acting Hos
pital Steward Clare D. Trumbull.
Died from wounds received In action— January
?, Company F. Forty-seventh Volunteer Infan
try. George O"DonneIl.
Died from effects of pore from buffalo—Janu
ary 13, Company K. Thirty-eighth Volunteer In
fantry. Cirtr Wlllmore.
Message of German Consul
at Manila to Home
Government.
KRUGER FAVORS
SPOONER BILL
DR. JOHN WRIGHT
IS IN ILLINOIS
Is Charged With Having
Kidnaped His Grand
daughter.
Tather of the Child, William Camp
bell of San Jose, Follows Him
and Secures a Writ of'
Habeas Corpus.
Before comir.g to Illinois William Henry
Campbell learned the whereabout* of Dr.
Wright and the child, and says he went
to the expense of sending by telegraph a
lengthy warrant for the arrest of Dr.
W right at Clinton, but that the Sheriff
Of De Witt County refused to serve the
¦warrant because it did not bear the offi
cial seal of the court of California. A
writ of habeas corpus was left here late
to-night. Some fear is expressed that
"Dr. W right may have heard of its being
Issued here and may have left the State
to escaj>e it.
\VlllI3m Henry Campbell, the father of
the little heiress, was appointed guardian
of the child after taking the case through
the courts of California. In th© mean
time Dr. Wright and his aged wife had
sold their property ln California and fled
from the State in order that they might
retain the custody of the little one. Wil
liam Henry Campbell, the father, arrived
ln Springfield to-day and filed papers ln
the Circuit Court asking for a writ of
habeas corpus. In the papers it is set
up that William Henry Campbell Is the
father of Fannie Marie Campbell, ar.d
that he Is also her legally appointed
g-uardian; that the child's mother died
when the girl was two yeafs old, after
which she lived with her maternal grand
parents, and that on December 4, 1900, the
father applied to the Superior Court of
California for letters of guardianship. It
is also alleged that Dr. Wright, in whose
custody the child was at the time, re
sisted the issuance of such letters and
secured a continuance for two weeks.
and that two days before the time set
for the continued hearing John Wright
took ihe child from the Jurisdiction of the
California court and removed her to Illi
nois without the consent of the court and
without the knowledge and consent of the
father.
SPRINGK1ELD. Jan. 30.— Dr. . John
"Wright, who frne time ago disappeared
from Santa Ciara County, California, tak
ing with him his little granddaughter.
Kannie Marie Campbell, live yeai* old,
has be<n located at Clinton. De Witt Coun
ty, 111., and the Sangamon County Cir
cuit Court has issued a writ of habeas
corpus cemmanding the Sheriff to brine
Dr. Wright ar.d the child into court.
Bi>eelsi Dlcpfcteh to The Call.
LAWYER LOWENTHAL RAISES A LUMP ON HEAD
OF ATTORNEY SHADBURNE WITH A HICK0RY CANE
IN RETURN FOR A STINGING SLAP ON THE FACE
A BLUE and shining lump on the
left temple of Attorney George
D. Shadburne Is living evidence
of the fact that there was trou
ble in Judge Sloss* department
of the Superior Court yesterday morning,
A marred spot on the varnish of Lawyer
H. H. I>owenthars cane is another link
in the chain of evidence to establish the
fact that a combat occurred, while the
record of the court, containing the Judge's
words of reprimand and warning, will
make denials of the fact subjects for
laughter.
The row, fast and dangerous, ln which
Shadburne and Lowenthal were the prin
cipals, occurred in Judge Sloss' court
shortly before the noon adjournment.
That Shadburne did n.ot suffer a fractured
skull was due alone to Lowenthal's In
firmities and. though his blow was sure.
Its weicht was but enough t6 raise a
"hen's egg" on the skull of his adversary.
Lowenthal's only injury was to his dig
city. Shadburne raked a package of pa
pers across his face, which, owing to the
fact that he Is a victim of locomotor
ataxia. throw him off his balance. His
cane landing on Shadburne's skull followed
in an instant. The clerk and bailiff rushed
to separate the contestants, and a minute
later Shadburne was pressing his hand
kerchief to his bruise, while Lowenthal
continued the examination of a witness
on the stand.
The action by which E. H. Ashton seeks
to recover Judgment against Henry Var
ney and other? on n promissory noie was
on hearing. The plaintiff contends that
the defendant owes him several hundred
dollars, while the-defendant claims that
h<» has wiped out his indebtedness to Ash
ton by deeding him several pieces of prop
erty. Shadburne, who represents the de
fendant, had called upon Lowenthal to
produce certain deeds, which he believed
would establish the truth of his conten
tion.
When the case was called for hearing
Shadburne called for the deeds. Lowen
thal presented three instruments of con
veyance, but Shadburne was not satisfied.
"The deed I want is that conveying
property from my client to yours," he
said, "and although you promised to bring
it to court you have failed to keep your
word."
"I have not deceived you, answered
Lowenthal. "I told you I would bring
you all the deeds I had, and I have done
so."
"You know you are not telling the
truth," angrily responded Shadburne.
"You said you would bring me the deed
and you have failed to keep your prom
ise."
" "If you say I promised to bring you any
certain deed you are telling a falsehood,"
arswered Lowenthal.
Shadburne did not answer, but taking a
roll of papers he raked them across
Lowenthal's face. Lowenthal fell back
against the desk, grasped hi? cane and,
as Shadburne prepared to follow up his
advantage, brought the heavy hickory
down on his adversary's skull.
Before Shadburne could regain control
of his muscles to advance to the attack
Clerk Morris and Bailiff McKenna had
stepped between.
Attorney Shadburne's son was in court
ana without waiting for instructions from
his father rushed home to tell his mother
Counsel in Promissory Note Case Engage in a Row Over a Miss
ing Deed and It Takes the United Efforts of the Officers of
the Court to Restrain the Wife and Son of the Vanquished
Will D«termine the Fate
of the Ship Subsidy
Bill.
DEMOCRATS PLAN
JOINT CONFERENCE
It also develops that no on* wants an
extra session, and that one will be avoid
ed if there is any possible way of doing
fo. It is even said that the Spooner bill
will be passed ln order to avoid such ses
sion after the 4th of March. Republican
leaders say that they believe an extra
pession can be avoided. They say also
that the Democrats must decide whether
they will take the responsibility of de
feating the subsidy bill, and If It Is
demonstrated that they are willing to
take that responsibility then other neces
sary legislation will be pressed rapidly
to avoid an extra session.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. SO.— A conference
of Democrats and their associates of the
Populist and Silver Republican faith will
be held to-morrow as a result of the
declaration yesterday by Fry* that he in
tended to push the consideration of the
Bhip Eubsldy bill to the exclusion of all
other business except by vote of the Sen
ate. This conference will determine the
fate of the bill. If the opponents of the
measure decide lo continue a stiff fight
and debate the measure at great length, it
will meet defeat at this Eepslon. with the
short time remaining to pass the appro
priation bills. The conference also will
take into consideration the question
whether the minority will desire to take
the responsibility of defeating a party
measure of the majority. Some of the op
ponents of the bill on the Democratic side
feel that if the Republicans are deter
mined to pas* the bill the minority should
not go further than to state their objec
tions fully and vote rigaln?t it and to let
the Republicans take the responsibility
which is thelrB.
Mrs. Fisks a Lover of Animals.
Mrs. Minnie Maddern Fiske, the well
known actress, surprised the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals by
: ... . '•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1901.
TWO LIVES LOST
IN A HOTEL FIRE
Guests Flee From the Burn
ing Building Clad in
Nightrohts.
NETV YORK, Jan. 30.— Two lives were
lost at the burning of the Hotel Jeffer
son, 102-106 East Fifteenth street, early
to-day. The damage by fire is estimated
at $50,000. The dead:
ELNORA DOWNING. 23 years old. a
nurse.
ELIZABETH REYNOLDS, 30 years old,
a waitress.
Mrs. Downing was being lowered from
a sixth-story window by means of a rope,
when it broke and she fell to the side
walk, striking on her skull. Miss Rey
nolds, who was on the seventh floor, was
suffocated.
Among those Injured were the follow
ing: John P. .Walsh, 50 years old. con
tractor, riffht knee fractured and body
bruised; John Gallagher, porter, right
arm badly burned: J. Ensign Fuller, feet
and arms badly burned: W. H. Voltz of
New Haven, a student on the way to
Princeton; John Chatfleld, proprietor of
the hotel.
Mrs. Chatfleld and her mother. Mrs. F*.
N. Streator, escaped from the burning
building clad only In their nightrobes.
J. .Ensign Fuller, an elderly man, cai
ried his eleven-year-old niece. Miss May
Upperman, on his back from the third
floor through the heat and smoke. His
feet were terribly burned, and as he
reached the onen air he fell with his un
conscious .charge Into the arms of a po
liceman, i
Colonel William L. Gildersleeve. attache
of the Supreme Court of New Mexico,
was caught on the fourth floor. He trie-1
to make his way to the rear. A plate
glass door stopped him. He broke It with
his flat and crawled through to safety,
but his face and hands were badly cut.
Edward Marshall, who lost one leg as
the result of a wound received while serv
ing as a war correspondent In Cuba, oc
cupied a room on the second floor. When
; he was aroused the 'hails were filled with
smoke. Not waiting to find his artificial
leg. Mr. Marshall climbed. to the tire es
cape in. the rear of his' room and oni»
story from the ground. There he found
that no Iron " ladder was available lo
reach safety. Dlrecthv in the rear of th«s
Jefferson Is the Steinway piano ware
rooms, with a one-storv extension In thj
rear. Stelnway's • watchman placed a
board from the extension roof to the bal
• cony on the bottom of the flre escax>e. an.l
across this board Mr. Marshall and thirty
others who climbed down the flre escape
were rescued.
Many were cut by glass, but none wer*
seriously, injured. Several of the women
inmates were so badly . frightened that
they had to be carried across tne plank.
Will Entertain Mr. McKinley.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 30.— The Ohio
Society of Central California was organ
ized this evening, adopted by laws and
elected officers. The roll was signed bv
some seventy charter members, who' wlfl
give a banquet and social on the date of
their first annuaJ meeting, which Is set
for 'February 19.' The society will enter
tain President McKinley on the occasion
of his visit to Sacramento.
New Treaty With Peru.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— The President
to-day proclaimed the new extradition
treaty between the United States and
Peru. .
OIL WELLS MAY
GO TO THE STATE
..- ; .,:- v '
School Land Law Causes
Much Uneasiness in
Texas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 30.— The discovery
that th© State public free school land act
of 1SS3, which is still in force, reserves to
the State all of Its oils and minerals dis
covered on lands belonging to the school
fund sold on or after the date of the pas
sage of that law, created a stir among the
many oil prospectors who have leases on
oil lands in Bast Texas and other parts
of the State that formerly belonged to the
public school fund and were sold since
1883. An effort will be made to secure
th© passage by the Legislature of a law
validating the titles to these lands and to
repeal the provisions which give this un
developed wealth to the State. An In
vestigation of the title of the tract of
land on which, the great Lucas gusher is
situated shows that it never belonged to
the school fund and that It Is a part of
an old Spanish grant which was patented
in 1835.
Another oil company, with a capital of
II. 000.000,' filed Its charter In the Secre
tary of State's office here to-day. It is
named the American Oil Company and its
principal office Is located in Beaumont.
its purpose Is to lease lands, prospect for
and construct and operate oil pipe lines
and reservoirs. The incorporators are
John H. Klrby of Houston. W. S. David
son. \V. W. Wilson. William Wless. James
F. Weid, D. GaU. I. D. Polk of Beau
mont and George D. Silsbee of Boston.
The corporation. In connection with
other large Independent companies that
have been organized to conduct oil
operations in the State, will oppose the ef
forts oC the Standard Oil Company to gain
a footing in the new oil fields. It was
learned to-day, however, that the oil well
in the Beaumont district was •'bought in"
yesterday and -Is the Standard Oil Com
pany's property. This new strike was
made near Taylors Bayou, eighteen- miles
south of the Lucas gusher, on land leased
by J. A. Paulhamu*. a representative of
the Standard Oil Company. The flow is
said to exceed 100 barrels per day and the
quality of the oil is of a much higher
grade than. the Lucas well. The oil was
struck at a depth of about 1100 feet.
MOBILE . BATLWAY
CHANGES HA2JT33
Holders of Its Stock and Bonds Ac
cept Offer of the Southern Rail
way Company.
NEW YORK. Jan. . 3a— The Southern
Railway Company to-day secured control
of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Com
pany. The terms were briefly outlined
in a statement given out to-night by W.
Butler Duncan, chairman of the board of
directors of the Mobile and Ohio Rail
road Company. Mr. Duncan's statement
follows:
"The Southern Rallwav Company has
offered to the holders of the bonds and
stock of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad
Company In effect the guarantee of the
general mortgage 4 per cent bonds of the
latter company, and to the stockholders
of the Mobile and Ohio Company in an
nual payment equal to a dividend of 2
per cent for 'the flm year, 3 per cent the
second and 4 per cent in perpetuity there
after."
The deal only awaits a formal ratifica
tion by the Southern Railway Company.
Chairman Duncan to-nt#ht said there was
no possibility of the arrangement* falling
through. . >
5
SFTTIVfi'AliT Mexican Store. 114 Btock-
•JLLLMU UUl ton et. We vacate Janu-
ary 2». Carved Leather Oooda..' Linen Hand-
drawn 'Work. Fire Opals. Jewelry and Curios.
Indian Bankets, Mexican Figures. Fine pools at
le«s than wholesale cost.' *. Fine Caned Leather
Belts, cheap at 1160; last chance price, 75c.
1
_ ' ._¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEMBER ILLINOIS ASSEMBLY
AFFLICTED WITH CATARRH OF THE THROAT AMD LUHGS.
CURED BY PERUNA
I I^Sr - FIT !" i' ¦ ' • i 1 ' J .1 - '' * "p? n" '" f
» ¦ ...,,,,,,¦,¦,,,,;
HZ^ttoi 0 ™* J ' fl /», U £ LON ?\ Mem^ r Cure<> Made ln ™- W "» A " Permanent
or the Thlrty-flfth General Assembly Cores.
of the State of Illinois, writes of A patient cured by Peruna 1* no more
Peruna as follows: * liable to catarrh than as if ha had never
1353 Ossood St., Chicago. 111. had lt -
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O. Cured of Catarrh of the Entire System.
Gentlemen— "I can safely recom- „££•, care Flfth A .YS nue
. n . .,.-.. *J olel * tioulsvllift, Ky.. says: "Your
mend Peruna as a remedy that Will Peruna has completely cured me of that
curm all rntnrrhnl irnnhla* distressing disease catarrh, which affected
cure ail catarrnal troubles. my head, nose, bronchial tubes, and. tn
"It was of great benefit to me as fa .?£ m >' , whole astern.
it cured me of catarrh of the throat ttaT^J&WRal-K^eSJTS^
and lungs permanently and in a very SoX^KSL^utt^fnt^J^
short time. I am glad to add my en- " After U9ln s y° ur splendid remedy ac-
dorsement to that of others/'-John S'mU 0 fMSSSTto 1 &&?&£
J. Furlona est family medicine ever discovered. 1
* shall always keep a bottle of it on hand.
The order in which the symptoms of l c j"> candidly state that had it not
chronic catarrh occur are nearly always Bf* n ,,, Peru 1 na , 1 would have given up
as follows- my position, being: too weak to do my
« m .*. . . , i , WOI \ k - F °r eighteen years life was a
A cold which hand* on longer than u'ual; burden."— Mr. William Flood,
a sensHIveness of the air passages. H *, „ , , _ Cfl
by which one catches cold easily: a con- "°^ Mr. Bowlcley Suffered 18 Year..
tinual settled cold in the head, throat or j£™*: .Ti. 1 , » m Bowkle J"' Clouster. Ohio.
che«f discharges rrow thicker and mor* sa 7 s - Eighteen year3 ago I suffered with
««- „ 1 aisc . narges 2*°™ tnicicer and more chronic catarrh which made life a burden
offensive, loss of flesh, despondency, lo^s to me. I had been treated by several
of appetite, headache or cough and gen- physicians and had tried many different
eral lassitude. patent medicines and had given up hope
Now this Is about the order ln which of ever being entirely cured,
symptoms of chronic catarrh make their tn m^S".. W? 7%™ rec °n«nended
appearance and If the sufferer Is fortu- W™^ 6 [^tf?
nate enough to find a cure the symptoms After using four bottles of each, I was
will begin to disappear in exactly the re- entirely cured and have had no return
verse order. There may be at flrst no of either affection.
perceptible improvement in the • earliest "I regard it as a wonderful medicine-
symptoms, while the latter symptoms simply wonderful, and take great pleasure
show prompt Improvement. ¦ in recommending this medicine to all who
This Is Exactly What Peruna Will Do in 3^^* affllcted m that way."— William
the Cure of Chronic Catarrh. If youdo not derIre prompt an( , satlsu .
It first invigorates tne system. Increases factory results from the use of Peruna,
the appetite, then the patient begins to write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
gain flesh, hope takes the place of full statement of your case and he will
despondency and all the mischievous be pleased to give you his valuable advice
symptoms which the chronic catarrh has gratis.
produced will disappear one by one in Address Dr. Hartman. president of The
the reverse order of their appearance. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR WORKING GIRLS.
HOW TO HELP THEM.
Life to the most favored is not
always full of sunshine, but to the
everag-e American girl or woman who
is obliged to work for her living, and,
perhaps to help others at home, life is
often a heavy drag in consequence of
illness.
Women who work, especially those
who are constantly on their feet, are
peculiarly liable to the development
of organic troubles, and should par-
ticularly heed the first manifestations,
6ueh as backache, pains in the lower
limbs and lower part of the stomach,
irregular and painful monthly periods,
faintness, weakness, loss of appetite
End sleep.
The young Izdy trhose portrait tre
Mr** Em. A BarxxEt, East Kochester, Ohio.
publish herewith had all these symp-
toms, and in addition leucorrhoea,
and was cured by Lydia E. Pinkham'k
Vegetable Compound. First, she
wrote a letter to Mrs. Pinkham at
Lynn. Mass., describing her trouble,
received in reply accurate instructions
¦what to do to g-et well, and now wishes
Mrs. Pinkham to use her name to con-
vince others that they may be cured
as she was.
Mrs. Pinkham extends the same
helping hand, free of charge or obliga-
tion, to every ailing woman in Amer-
ica. If you ere sick you are foolish
not to write to her. it costs you noth-
ing, and she is sure to help you. Don't
wait until it is too late — write to-day.
ST. VALENTINE'S DAY
We hope will bring us many n«w orders
for laundry work. Drop us a line at any
time, and we will call for your soiled
linen, and send it home with such a per-
fect finish and beautiful color upon it that
your Valentine will only be too slad to
lay her head upon your shirt front.
Domestic finish foe full-dress shirts if
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone — South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave
Dfl. HALL'S fiEIN YIGORATORffTTSRa
Five hundred reward for any klV* MW
cast we cannot cure. This secret Hi KU
remedy etope ail losses ln 24 hours. I ¦ fej
cuT"t EmlMioss, Impotency. Varl- MM BH
coccle. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Kits. r^W Wfl
etrlcturee. Lost Manhood and aU [ILL] I fill
wantr.t effects cf self-abusr or fc*5? |3g|
cxceEif*. Sent sealed. :2 bottle; 3 ESaSDfgai
bcttles. U: cuir&nteed to cure any c»»e. Ad-
Cre«« HAIX'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 8U
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10T3V*
Kuket «t. S. F. All private diseases qulckl/
cured. 6tnd for frw bock. '
I Do You Get I
What You Ask For?
«?*£"*& YtcfT from Srphon*
Yob Do Noj o.t viefcyt
THE ONLY NATURAL^
Vicfy Water
IS IMPORTED IN BOTTLES,
Fx»« VICHY. Prance.
ara >rorto)rg» eubrtttaka.
— «.«. A s * tj y*«B TABLE WATER
2*** •"°»JP»» Mrtnnil Medicinal Proper-
**i»*»P Dlswtlw ami Cl*E .11 dto-
ord>r»«# the Stomach.
VICHY
At aOUnt ri— DraggK*, Hotats. Cctas.
General Aseacr, 320 jBroadTray. K. XA" measure has been introduced in the State Legis
lature to create the; position of dentist for the various
asylums for the insane at $300 a month, fit the bill
becomes a law it is safe to say that ¦ somebody more
capable to pull -legs than teeth will get the job. •
The transportation companies which are favoring
Eastern and Middle .West, cities in' matters of- trade
which concern us most deeply, may have cause" to re
member some day that ; communities, as well as . in
dividuals, with a grievance- have excellent memories.
An American circus proprietor who happened to
appeal to the spectacular, fancy of the Austrian Em
peror-has. been rewarded with a magnificent jewel.
It is a matter of congratulation to know that there
i? at 'least something in our civilization- which* can
win the admiration of effete monarchy.
It appears from reliable sources that the weird and
wild .stories of Roosevelt's prowess 'as -a hunter are
no more than the malicious creations of the fancy of
yellow journals. It is probable that when -Teddy gets,
back to civilization he will go gunning for; new game
and send some yellow journalists to cover.
A measure now pending before Congress is de
signed to make the laws excluding "Chinese coolies
from this I country more effective. Perhaps our
national legislators might do well to note the flagrant
outrages now being perpetrated in this city against
exclusion laws. . Such observation! might result in
the enactment of penal legislation against the schem-
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
The claim will be the more irritating to the Euro
pean powers by reason of the fact that it is amply sup
ported by the testimony of American, British and
Japanese spectators who watched the progress of the
allied armies. Indeed it would appear that before a
court of arbitration it would be easy for Ching to
prove that most of the "punitive expeditions" senc
out to teach the Chinese to behave themselves were
little more than forays for booty. The powers, in fact,
have looted China for ten times the amount that then,
citizens lost at the hands of the Boxers, and if a fair
balance were to be struck Europe would have to pay
damages to China instead of receiving damages from
her. j .
The "outrage" ii\ Ching's action lies not in the na
ture of his claim, but in the fact that he made it at
all. .If it were to be admitted for examination it could
be proven, but it cannot be admitted. The • very -'pre'r
In presenting his claim Prince Ching is reported .to
have stated: "Chinese merchants and private citizens
assert that valuables have been looted amounting to
immense sums, and it would not be fair to fail, to take
these' largely into consideration when the question of
indemnities is discussed. Tientsin, Peking and all the
cities and towns between have been .absolutely
stripped, while priceless treasures belonging to pri
vate individuals have been, confiscated, irrespective of
all ideas of modern warfare."
r^ IVILIZATION will learn with a shudder that
( Prince Ching, after agreeing to the demands
of the powers that China shall pay indemnity
for injury done to Europeans and Americans residing
in China at the time of the Boxer outbreak, has now
p*ut forward the claim that the powers should pay in
demnity to China for injury done by their armies to
innocent Chinese. It is-good for Princo Ching that
Kaiser William is at this time too busy swapping
uniforms artd decorations with King Edward to give
heed to what Ching is doing, for otherwise there
would be emitted from the great war lord a roar that
would make a Chinese gong sound like the squeak
of a penny whistle.
ANOTHER CHINESE OUTRAGE.
CLEAN RACING.
THE remarkable meeting called by the Mayer
with the intention of getting backing for h : s
proposition to give the people of this city thirty
days' dissipation, with incidental pocket-picking, pro
duced a startling protest against his peculiar propo
sition.
There were present advocates of an open season,
but they did not venture to offer an3* apology for the
crimes caused by track gambling.
There were pleas for clean racing. That is-the only
kind of racing that decent men want, and it can be had
only by knocking loose the grip of the gamblers on
the tracks, which to them are simply the means of
illicit gains, won unfairly from the credulous people
who gamble against a sure thing. This same fight
has been made in the East and South, where racing
ceased to be a sport and an incentive to good horse
breeding, and degenerated to the base use of gam
blers. Genuine horsemen deplore such debasement
and are as ready as any members of the community
to aid in its extirpation. Such men even go to the
extent of declaring that if racing cannot be clean,
cannot be free from such use, it would better stop al
together, until the gamblers are compelled to divert
their schemes to other channels.
The Mayor's meeting was not what he expected.
The gamblers did not have it all their own way. It
memorialized the Legislature to permit racing and
bookmaking for thirty days in each county, reserv
ing to any county the right to prohibit both, and then
it adopted another memorial to the Legislature, em
ploying the language of the Mayor himself, in his
annual message, against public gambling and depict
irg and deploring its evils.
The report of the meeting says that the Mayor
joined in the laugh that went around when he was
quoted against himself. He may laugh, but there are
others who do not join in his merriment. They are
men in stripes in the penitentiary, women and chil
dren bearing the sorrow and suffering. of their dis
grace, and employers who have been robbed by em
ployes, corrupted and grown criminal by the seduc
tions of track gambling. There was no laugh from
honest tradesmen whose bills have been defaulted by
customers that wasted their money on the track, and
the good citizens who suffer in their material inter
ests through the evil repute brought upon the city
by just such a season of dissipation and pocket
picking as the Mayor advocates. * He is the last man
who should be merry when confronted by his own
high sounding denunciation of a crime that he now
favors.
What has changed him? Why docs he now favor
what he denounced last year? Is it becoming in the
chief officer of a city to openly advocate or secretly
favor pocket-picking? What is to become of the
reputation of San Francisco if the morals of the city
are to be left in such guardianship?
It should be a matter of the deepest congratulation
to the people of San Francisco that in an emergency
of such serious moment as a revival of the curse of
track gambling the clergymen of the city were as one
in an overwhelming advocacy of what was manifestly
a matter of public policy— the defeat of gamblers and
thieves.
As a political gymnast who is able to be on all sides
of a thing at once his Honor the Mayor is winning
a most extraordinary reputation out of the efforts of
gamblers to have their trade revived at Ingleside.
But perhaps his Highness would prefer to consider
himself a political contortionist who can turn himself
cut.
A mysterious woman has been imposing of late
upon conductors of the Market Street Railway. If
she had only used her wiles upon the company we
mig-ht be willing to accept her as an agent of retri
butive justice.
PERSONAL MENTION.
R. L. Fulton of Reno Is at th©, Palace.
E. J. Valentine of Fresno is at the LJck.
R. M. Green of Oroville is at the Grand.
H. F. Hall, a Kansas City merchant, id
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. F. "W. Bartlett of Fall
brook, Cal., are at the Palace.
R. E. Jacks, a banker of San Luis Obls
po. Is registered at the Palace.
Louis lx Janes, secretary sot the Mount
Tamalpais Railway. 13 registered at the
Lick.
Dr. John Snook and wife of Baker sflelrl
have taken apartments at the Grand for
a few days.
T. M. Schumacher, general freight agent
of the Union Pacific In this city. left yes
terday for Los Angeles.
Drury Mclone, former State Secretary,
is In town and Is registered at the Occi
dental, with 'his son. Henry C. Melone.
Maurice Untermeyer, a prominent at
torney of New York, accompanied by h'.s
wife, arrived here yesterday. They are
guests at the Palace.
President Ripley, Vice Presidents Mor
ton and Barr and Land Agent Chambers,
all of the Santa Fe, left yesterday after
noon for Southern California.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
They Pass.— Daughter— But he is so full
of absurd ideals. Mother — Xever mind
that, dear. Your father was Just the same
before I married him.— Brooklyn Life.
The Criminal Poor. — Parson Primrose—
Don't you know, little boy, it's wrons: to
play baseball on Sunday? Freddy— Yes,
sir: but our club ain't got the money to
run srolf llnks.^Puck.
"I can't Imagine anything harder to do
than to tell a girl that you love her. It
takes courage."
"Perhaps, but It takes more courage to
tell her that you don't love her after hav
ing once told her that you did."—Philadel
phia Press.
THAT PICTURE— Subscriber, Napa,
(,'al. The picture that was published In
the San Francisco Call on tho 1st of Jan
uary represents some one asking- the
Sphinx what the new year would bring
forth.
LADY'S MAID— O. S., City. The lady's
maid attends the personal wants of her
mistress. She must be versed In dress
making, millinery, manicuring, halr
dreesing and she has the care of her
lady's wardrobe.
SUEZ CANAL— H. W. H., Repressa,
Cal. The Suez canal was opened Novem
ber 16, 1SC9. There is on the pier at Port
Said a monument erected to the memory
of Thomas Waghorn, who took a great
interest in the matter of transportation in
that part of the world.
WINDS— A. V. B., Stockton, Cal. Air
leaded with vapor obstructs both solar
and terrestrial radiation, when clear aa
when clouded. • Moist oc?an winds are
accompanied by a mild temperature In
winter and a cool temperature in summer.
Equutorial currents, losing heat as they
proceed in their course, are brought
nearer to the point of saturation, conse
quently become moister winds. North
erly currents acquire greater heat In their
progress and become drier winds. . That
is given as a reason why north winds do
not carry rain.
APPORTIONMENT— N. N., City. Two
reports have been presented to Congress
on the subject of Congressional represent
ation. By one report Indiana, Kansas,
Kentucky, Maine, Nebraska,) Ohio, South
Carolina and Virginia each lose one, while
Illinois, Louisiana, Minnesota. New Jer
sey, New York and West Virginia gain
one each and Texas gains two. The other
report gives -a. gain -of. one to Arkansas,
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida,
Louisiana, Massachusetts. Mississippi,
North Carolina, North Dakota, Washing
ton, West Virginia and Wisconsin; two to
Minnesota, New Jersey and Pennsylvania,
anft three to Illinois, New York and
Texas. ¦
NOT SHOT— C. T. "\V., Occidental, Cal.
Skinner, the young soldier who was found
asleep on post, was not shot for that In
fraction of the rules.
"THE OLD HOMESTEAD"— C. W. R.,
Benlcla, Cal. The principal characters in
the play and in the book called "The Old
Homestead" are the same. •
THE IRISH FAIR— M. S., City. - The
Irish fair In the Mechanics' Pavilion, in
San Francisco, opened August 20. 1898, and
closed on the 3d of September following.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
HAY-PAUNCEFOTE- N. M., City. The
Hay-Pauneefote treaty was signed Feb
ruary 5, 1500.
LOGIC— W. H. L., Vallejo. Cal. The
Rtudy of logic is a part of the curriculum
of the modern universities and colleges.
It may be that the laws regulating the sale of liquor
in Kansas are not rightly enforced. It may be that
great evils result from the negligence of the officials.
It .may be that Mrs. Natioir.is working in a good
cause and that her zeal is one born of a high motivi.
Nevertheless, she has reached the danger point in her
crusade, and it is time to stop. The men and women
who are most earnest in the cause of temperance
would do well to calm the Kansas crusader. She has
gone far enough for notoriety, and. too far for safety.
The reports of the affray told us that during the
time it was raging most fiercely there arose from the
mob gathered around the cry, "Kill her! Kill her!"
Of cqurse the cry was one of excitement merely. It
did not mean anything of murderous vindictiveness,
but it nevertheless has an ominous sound. Of late,
years the American people in many States, and some
of them among the best ordered in the Union, have
shown a mad tendency to commit the most out
rageous offenses under sudden impulses , of violence.
It is clear from these experiences that one ofthc dan
gers against which we must guard most carefully is
that of a hysterical mob. When in the midst of a
street affray the cry goes up to kill, it is time to call
a halt. .
, It happens, however, there is a serious side to the
affair. Lawlessness. begets- lawlessness, and violence
is sooner or later confronted Ky violence. The Ameri
can man, even if he be a saloon-keeper, will "not fight
back against a woman, even if she be a window
Smasher, but there are women who are quite wiHing
to take the part of the saloon-keepers and fight back.
Already Mrs. Nation has had a touch of their quality.
It was but a short time ago that in assailing a saloon
she was herself assailed by a woman and horse
whipped. Men stood around and watched the women
fight it out. That was not funny.
All that is humorous enough for a comic opera, and
in our free and easy fondness for fun we are apt to
treat the thing as a joke and to urge on the frolic with
the cry, "Go it, Carrie!" .
The situation has its humorous and its serious side.
What can be more funny at the dawn of this twentieth
century' than the uprising of respectable men and
women in an American State to go about breaking
saloon windows and singing: » - '
Alexander's body is a-burning In the fire,
Alexander's bedy is a-burning In the fire,
Alexander's body is a-burnlng: in the flre.
As we go marching on. *
Mrs. Carrie Nation is destroying rum saloons,
Mrs. Carrie Nation Is destroying rum saloons,
Mrs. Carrie Nation is destroying- rum saloons.
As we go marching on.
The crusade of Mrs. Nation has been something
extraordinary even in Kansas. Having become en
raged against saloons t . W ehita she proceeded to
smash them with brickbat*, stones, clubs,, axes and
any other weapon that came handy. She was put
iirto jail, but she made the jail a glorified seat of
martyrdom. No sooner was she free than she re
sumed her war, carrying it at last to the capital of
the State, where, followed by a crowd of all sorts of
people, she assailed the Governor, the Attorney Gen
eral, the Sheriff and nearly every other official she
could get at. In the course of her progress she has
formed a considerable following of zealous support
ers and is now a woman of no mean power in the
land. She has been offered a gold medal by the Kan
sas Temperance Union, and in Boston the New Eng
land Prohibitionists have been commending .her
course and exalting her to the highest Massachusetts
honors.
WHAT does it profit Kansas to have Mrs. Lease
retire from politics and "Mrs. Carrie Nation
take the warpath? ;That- is a question of.in
terest to more people than the Kansans. Mrs. Lease
was an agitator along lawful lines. ; Mrs. Nation is a
smasher of saloons along the lines of violence and
lawlessness. There is the change from fanaticism to
hysterics, from demagogy to anarchy. We could well
afford to welcome • Mrs. " Lease^in any part of the
country. Even those who did not agree with her were
generally willing to listen to her.. With Mrs. Nation
it is different. 'There are few communities that would
be glad to have her for 'a week's visit. The popular
sentiment is that if Kansas likes her Kansas should
keep her.
MRS. CARRIE NATION.
THURSDAY JANUARY 31, X901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor.
Addrtn All CesuaceictUent to W. B. LEASE, Manger.
SI 4\AC)'K'S OFFICES .T«leplioni^Pr*M204
t*tULlCATlO.\ OFFICE Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Preu SOI.
EDITORIAL BOOHS 217 to 221 Stcremon St.
Telephone Prei* 202.
Oelfv-ered ?>? r«rrirr«. IK Cent* Per TTeek,
Slnsrle Cople*. S Cent*.
Tern* t»r Mall. Inclndlnjr Pontairet
DAH.T CALr, nnetndlnc Sunday), ene y*«r..-. ......... .....W.M
X5AXL.T CALT, firrluflinr Sunday). * months.................. t.09
DAXX.T CALL rincJuilnr Sunday), S mentht L l.W
DAILY CALL— Br Single Month tto
FCNDAT CALL. On* Tew 1.69
WEEKXiT CALL. On* Tear 1.M
AJ1 postmaster* are authorized to receive
vnhncrlptioiiN^
6atapl* ocpSea will be forwarded vtaea r«Qneete&.
li&'.l ¦3bserlt»rr !p cr<Vrinir rh»nc» of ndflr**" nhoald >•
MTtleular to rt™ both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In crd»r
to siscra * prcxapt and correct ccmpU&nca with their request
OAItLAAD- OFFICE 1 118 Broad tray
C GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xutgvr Foreign AJTertifl&r, Ktrgnettt Bonding, Cfcletgt,
Cbcn* Dlcttnce Telephone "Central M1J.">
ITEW TORK CORRESPOITOENTt
C C OABLTO5 Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE-:
ITCPECEX B. S1IITH &U Tribune Building
fc'Eff TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Artcria Hotel; A. Erentaao, a Union Sonar*:
Usrr&r EU1 HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehersuta Sccm; P. O. News Co.: Great North era Hotel;
rraoost Boose; Auditorium HoteL
WASHIWTOX CD. C> OFFICE. . . .I4Off <i St^ If. W.
HOBTOJT K. CRAMS. Correspondent.
GRA"CCn OFFTCKS—^JT Montgomery, corner of CI*r. op*n
csta »:» o'clock. X00 Hayes, open until t:S» o'clock. 63J
MeAHSrter. epea until •:» o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
!:» o'clock. 1M1 Million, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. 1094 Valencia, cpea
«b«1 » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
*** Twecty-«ecend end Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
: Editor Call: I have read with great In
terest your editorial In to-day's Issue, en
titled -"Bishop Potter's View." I am
heartily In agreement with you in believ
ing that. Western injustice toward China
is the cause of much of the recent trouble
In that country, and that honorable men
everywhere should unite In demanding
that this Injustice should cease. It Is
not the whole cause of it. "'With a differ
ent ruler, and with better advl3ers than
the Jklanchus, there would probably have
been a very diffrrent story. No j such
scenes would have been witnessed as took
place In the Governor's Yamen in Shansi.
The Governor himself would not have or
dered the butchery In his own official resi
dence of forty-five helpless an! 'nnocen:
men, wonfen and children and claimed
thereafter, as he did in his report to the
Kmpress Dowager, a reward of 400 taels
apiece for the murders.
Though I agree with much In the article
referred to, I regret that it is weakened
by some inaccuracy and an apparent de
sire to put the blame where it does not
belong-^-on the shoulders of missionaries.
You say that ."the final cause of • causes
that joined In producing the trouble" wa3
what you call "the forgery interpolated
ir the treaty of 1S6J by a Christian mis
sionary.": Now, sir, in referring to a_sub
ject in which many of the best men and
women in this country are profoundly in
terested a great newspaper ought to be
accurate. '• ¦¦¦....' ...
I'or?ery is not the' proper name for the
transaction referred to. After the
France-Chinese treaty of I860 wad drawn
uj«. but before it was signed, a. F.ench
priest, acting as interpreter for tho
French Minister, inserted in the Ch'neso
copy of the treaty the clause permitting
French missionaries to reside and own
property in the Interior and the Chinese
Ministers signed the treaty with that
clause before them and without a word of
protest. I do not attempt to justify the
Frenchman for vjhat he did, but the Chi
nese knew of it \nd annexed their sig
natures knowing lV that the clause was
there. This Is a very different thing from
your general statement, which would lead
a reader unacquainted with the facts to
suppose that it was a case ; of -forgery
after the treaty, was signed. After some
time all the other treaty powers claimed
the same privileges under the favored na
tion clause.
But, however you describe the act, it is
not easy to see how it could be the final
cause of causes that joined 411 producing
the trouble. There were wars with China
and riots in China before, that treaty was
ever thought of— wars and riots with
which Christian missions had no'more to
do than the precession of the equinoxes.
Coming to recent events, what connection
had Germany's taking of Kiaochau, Rus
sia's of Port Arthur. England's of Wei
haiwei and France's of Kwangchau
Bay with the so-called forgery? What
connection had the epening of mines, the
building of railways, the industrial ex
ploitation of the country resulting from
the Japanese war to do with it? How is
the Chinese reform movement, the head
(The Call, while inviting communications on
current topics, docs not hold itself respon
• slble .for the^vlewa of the writers.)
of which was the Emperor himself, and
to which the Empres3 Dowager and her
party were so bitterly opposed, related to
It? And yet almost every foreign resident
of China acquainted with affairs knows
that these were the chief causes leading
to the outbreak..
Let us be fair to the" ' missionaries of all
tho churches and especially to those of
our own country. I have lived many years
In China and I do not hesitate to say
that on the whole they are far and away
the best representatives of American
thought and life that China .knows. They
are the best friends that China has.
They are the chief benefactors of her
people. As one of trie oldest foreign resi
dents In the empire has recently said,
"The poor are taught In their schools, the
sick are healed in their hospitals and the
helpless are helped by' them ! In many
ways." They have done more for
the education of the Chinese In modern
things, in science and the knowledge nec
essary in our own days than the central
Government and all the provincial gov
ernments in China put together. They
have translated nearly all the modern
books she has, have built and ministered In
nearly all the -hospitals and are the heads
of nearly all her colleges, even those un
der go\-ernmental control. Multitudes of
the best men In China know these things
and acknowledge them. I knew personal
ly many who do. I have been In chargo
of the largest Christian college In China
for several years and have received many
handsome subscriptions from Chinese
gentlemen for the college work. Four
years ago I built a large dormitory, every
dollar of the cost of which was paid by
Chinese officials, merchants and literati.
The college grounds and the main build-
Ing thereon were the gift of several Chi
nese, and the leading men in the city,
the provincial capital of Fokien, have
been its steady friends.
It may be interesting to know that Wu
Ting Fang, or, to give him his Cantonese
name, Ng Choi, owes his education to a
Christian school In Hongkong. Fcr some
years he was a , scholar at St. Paul's
School, where everything was done for
him. free of charge, except clothe him.
He was baptized and wa* an earnest pro
fessor of Christianity, going out frequent
ly with his teachers to preach and enlarg
ing with great force on the teachings of
the latter's sermons. He has changed
his faith since then, but it is no exaggera
tion to say that China owes the ablest
Foreign Minister she has to that Chris
tian college in Hongkong.
Do not accuse me of boasting when I
say that but for the work of the Christian
churches in China the Chinese people
everywhere would have a sorry opinion of
foreigners to-day. Our countrymen in
the missions in the empire are among the
best representatives we have there, and
for our own sake, as well as that of the
Chinese, we ought to support them in
their work and that, too. whether we be
lieve in their religious propaganda or not.
We ought to sustain them as educators,
physicians, representatives of the best
spirit of the West.
This is a long letter to inflict on you and
I shall be all the more obliged on that
account if you publish it. I write it
from a real sense of Justice to a body of
men, of the great majority of whom
Americans have good reason to be proud
GEORGE B. SMYTH.
Assistant Secretary Missionary Society
Methodist Episcopal Church.
San Francisco, January 29, 1900.
BISHOP POTTER'S
VIEW REVIEWED
Another European King 1 , raised to tha
throne by the death of his parent, took
the oath of accession a few months ago.
It is interesting to compare the first of
ficial utterances of Victor Emmanuel III
with those of Edward VII. for the com
parison sheds a certain illumination on
the character of each and on the condi
tion of the countries over which they
have assumed sway. Each of these mon
archs in his proclamation sounded what
was admittedly a sincere note of filial
grief. Victor referring to "this good and
virtuous King." Edward to "my beloved
mother, the Queen." The spirit of tho
Italian, however, was that of a sovereign
looking forward to nia own reisn and in
voking the great memories of his housi
to win the loyalty of his subjects, whllo
the spirit of the Englishman Is rather
that of a sovereign who recognizes in tha
shadow of a personal loss a mandate to
maintain the standards and traditions
which death has Intrusted to his guard
ianship.—Xew York Mail and Express.
Mr. Edear Saltus finds serious fault
with Mr. Alfred Gwvnne Vanderbilt for
attaching the title of "Esquire" to his
name In his marriasre notices. There ar<5
a good many millions of less conspicuous
bridegrooms doing the same thing: every
day. but they, of course, offer marks- less
shining than Mr. Vanderbilt. Moreover,
If the possession of a fortune of KO.OOO.t**)
or so doesn't make a "oung man Esq. in
large capitals, it i3 difficult to discover
what does. So far young Mr. Vanderb»:t
has carried himself with modesty. Until
he ceases to do so it might be well to give
him a rest. — Chicago Journal.
Two Royal Proclamations.
It la not necessary to ask why tha
Creeks, in Indian Territory, have dug up
the hatchet and taken to the warpath.
Anybody who Is familiar with the life all
Indians are compelled to lead in associa
tion with white men can dlasrnoso tha
trouble at first glance. If we whito znea
treated the Indians with any decency
whatevtr the so-called Indian problem
would have been solved long ago. Until
we change our brutal and wicked policy
toward them for a policy that has soma
elements of humanity in its composition
such uprisings as the present on© in In
dian Territory will continue to occur at
periodic intervals.— Chicago Journal.
Give Vanderbilt a Best.
It Is said that the unhazed "West Pointer
who whipped five upper classmen in a
single day and thirty curing his stay In
the academy has been found. He is Major
John H. Parker of the Thirty-ninth Infan
try. He went to the academy at West
Point from Sedalia. Mo., and was a raw
boned slxfooter. When the upper class
men attempted to "exercise" him, they
were always paid in their own coin. Park
er won honors in the Cuban campaign,
and was in charge of the Gatllng gTin bat
tery that created such havoc wherever It
was used. — Salt Lake Tribune.
Trouble "With Indians.
We trust that the Dill to provide a whip
ping post, which will De Introduced In tha
Legislature, will receive very careful
consideration. There is no doubt abQut a
growing belief In the efficacy of whipping
as punishment for certain offenses. W>
have cited the testimony of judges and
statistics to show that whipping judi
ciously administered does reduce crimes of
violence, and that It is particularly valu
able In the case of juvenile offenders.—In
dianapolis Newa.
Refused to Be Hazed.
A Wisa Prelate.
When the Archblshoo of Canterbury
was asked the other day what was tho
chief danger of the new century, he re
plied, "I £ave not the slightest Idea." A
safe and wise answer. His Grace does
not profess to be a prophet.— Providence
Journal.
Rapid, "Benevolent Assimilation."
Durlns Victoria's long 1 reign the English
nation has acquired territory at the rata
of two acres to every strode of time's
seconds' pendulum. Of course It cot all
this domain by a policy of "benevolen. as
similation." but it winked the other eve.—
Kansas City "World.
The Longest Reign.
The statement belnff so generally mada
at this time to the effect that the reis:i
of Qu«en Victoria has been the longest in
history la erroneous. The longest reign
was that of Louis XIV of France, urtvi
ascended the throne •when a boy arvl
reigned for seventy-two years. Victoria's
reign was nearly sixty-four years.—Kan
sas City World.
Whipping' Post in Indiana.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
The case is a simple one. The powers have sent to
China certain high oncers of state charged with the
duty of compelling China under threat of partition to
pay an indemnity whose, amount is to be fixed by the
powers, and in addition thereto to chop' off the head?
of certain men by way of proving how much" more
humane Christianity is then barbarism. Instead of
accepting.the ncgotiationson those simple terms and
doing proper kow-tow to the solemn representatives
of imperial majesties, Prince Ching avts as if he
deemed the "whole shooting match" to be nothing
more than a common court of arbitration called to
gether for the purpose of doing justice. If that be not
an outrage, what is it?
sentation of it is something in. the character of a con
tempt of court. Does Prince Ching supposelthat the
European diplomats-have gone to China for -the pur
pose of assessing damagesjagaihst the sovereigns who
pay them? Does he deem that with impunity he can
"monkey" with the august grand masters of -imperial
diplomacy?
No more telling disproof of the Inter Ocean's
charge can be made than by these public records of
the transactions of his office.
So, instead of hoarding the money of the people,
within a few months he set free, by anticipatory pay
ments of interest and by reduction of principal on the
national debt, the large sum of $54,535,413 86.
As to the hoarding of money, the Secretary says:
"As the resources of the treasury became greater
than its immediate needs, a series of measures were
adopted for restoring the surplus to the uses of busi
ness. After September 18, 1899, interest due October
1 was paid in advance of maturity to the amount of
$3,208,027. From October 10 in like manner antici
pation was made of $9.16,038 61 due November 1, ajid.
of $3,398,504 50 due January 1. An offer made on
October 10 to prepay all interest accruing to July 1,
1900, at a rebate of two-tenths of one per cent i>er
month, was accepted to the amount of $2,229,191 35.
On November 15 a proposal was made to purchase
$25,000,000 of the 4 and 5 per cent bonds due in 1904
and 1007 at a fixed price. This" was responded to by
offers of $19,300,050 of principal, upon which the pre
mium was $2,373,502 40. Notice was given May 18,
1900, for the pavment of $25,364,500 outstanding 2
per cent bonds, redeemable at option of the Govern
ment, and by November 1 all of them but $2,225,000
were retired."
In his last report he says: "We shall build, even in
this year of great activity in our shipyards, less than
one-tenth the shipping for foreign trade to be built
by our principal competitor. We do not carry 3 per
cent of the world's sea borne traffic. A bill for the
promotion of American commerce and for the cre
ation of an American merchant marine in foreign
trade which shall be worthy of the nation now awaits
the action of both branches of Congress. It con
forms in general outline to recommendations upon
the subject in the reports for 1898 and 1899. .Early
consideration of the measure is recommended."
In his last report these recommendations continue.
He asks that ihe important treasury office of weights
and measures be put upon a proper basis, ranking
with the bureaus maintained by all the leading
tions. This he regards as necessary to preserve the
correct standards, which the Government requires in
the collection of duties and excises, and to the gen
eral business public, every transaction being based
upon a standard weight or measure. He points out
that the manufacturers of standard weights and meas
ures will be greatly served by the operations of such
a bureau. Germany has trebled her export of such
standard appliances in the last ten years, due en
tirely tq the accuracy secured by the official bureau.
England, admonished by this, has established a simi
lar bureau. In his report for 1899 he sard: "Our
national greatness cannot be fully rounded cut while
we are so dependent as at present upon foreign ship
ping for our intercourse with the rest of mankind.
At 'this time political and commercial considerations
demand of us a larger measure of strength and inde
pendence on the seas than ever in our history, yet
never before have wo been relatively so weak in trans
oceanic navigation."
No prouder legend can be written above the record
of a public financier. He has wrought -without ceas
ir.g to have the Republican party redeem its pledges
to the business interests of the country, and we are
not aware of the least departure made by him from the
policy which has twice carried the nation for the party
of financial reform. As for policies, he' has recom
mended and personally urged the most important
financial policies that have engaged the attention of
the. Government since the Civil War. *
On the history of his administration of our finances
might well be written, "He found his country a
debtor and transformed her into a creditor.".
He has faithfully and with rare intelligence sup
ported financial reform by legislation, and his admin
istration of the treasury has been so successful that
he has the honor of being the first Secretary who has
seen Government 2 per cents at a premium and the
country occupy the easy position of a creditor nation.
We think it is a statement that has no foundation.
When did the Republican National Committee com
pare views on that subject and find itself unanimous
for such a change? The reason given is as far from
the truth as is the reputed sentiment of the commit
tee. Mr. Gage is not hoarding money in the treas
ury, and has no power to hoard it. He has no author
ity that is not derived from the law, and wherein the
law needlessly congests money in the treasury he has
recommended its amendment.
A WASHINGTON dispatch to the Chicago
Inter Ocean says: "The Republican National
Committee would vote, almost unanimously, to
get rid of Gage and bave a Republican Secretary of
the Treasury in his place broadminded enough to map
out policies rather than be simply a banker trying to
hoard the people's money and keep it out of circula
tion that would relieve them of unnecessary taxation."
SECRETARY GAGE.
,\ ¦¦>.... .'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY. J A X-U All Y ¦ 3 1,1 901.
BLACK VELVET DRESS.
The dres3 represnted-ls of blade velvet
rhe itriramlnjr is of mohair* braid The
skirt .is very tight above, with- a' shaped
bounce wid«sf behind below. The cor3e
et waistband Is fastened with brass but
.ons behind. •¦-..¦>
Indiana juries must be freaks in the judicial ; system
or a [citizen of the State is trying to win fame for
originality. He says he was convicted of a crime be
cause .he* is wealthy, j ' V.^f
6
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. We a
pound. In flre-«tched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building .•
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Last Day of the Photographic Salon.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Last
day of the exhibition of photographs:
open from 9 to 5. Concert In the evening
from S till 10. Admission 25 cents. •
A girl shoplifter stole a clock in a store
in New York the other day. but the alarm
-went oft before she reached the door and,
?he v?as arrested.
New Santa Fe Train.
The new Santa Fe train known, as tha Cali-
fornia Limited affords lervlce very much supe-
rior to anything erer before offered to Coast
travelers. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Arrah-na-PoKUe."
Alhasnbra — "Shooting the Chutes."
Alcaaar^-'-AU the Comforta ct Home."
Columbia— "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
Tlvoli — 'The Fencing Master."
Central Theater— "A Celebrated Case."
Calif crnla— "Becky Sharp."
Olrmpla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo acd Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
erenJns.
Fischer's — Vaudeville. 1
Eherman-Clay Hall— Lecture.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture by Rev. Peter C Torke,
Thursday evening, February 7.
Tacforan Park— Uaces to-day. „
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan &• Doyle— This day. at 11 o'clock. Palace Livery
PlaMe. at 111 Kew McnLgromery street.
DUKE AND DUCHESS OF
MANCHESTER AS
ll THEY ARE 11
THE. I I IE * Al^E. . D()ES JDE
CORONATION \ WHAT TWENTIETH
OF is FAITH ? . CENTURY
ENGLAND'S b 7 hev. samusl slocombe. Q j RL
KINGS LANDSCAPE NEED A
AND QUEENS PHOTOGRAPHY. CHAPERON?
' By R J. "WATERS. -^^=I^S
AMATEURS ON THE STAGE.
By HARRY CORSON # CLARKE.
"QUEEN VICTORIA'S PREMO- A FEW OF CALIFORMIA'S
NITION OF DEATH. PRETTY GIRLS.
PECK'S BAD BOY AND THE GROCERYMAN BEHIND
THE SCENES AT IHE PINOCHLE THEATER.
MR. BOWSER 0.Y TRANS/ BOOKS, FICTION, HUMAN
MIGRATION OF SOULS! . INTEREST STORIES.
.. . ¦Thomas, for Newcastle, Aus, to load for Hono
lulu. .
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan 29— Dan ehlp Jupi
ter, from Oregon; Br ship Sir Robert f ernie,
hence Se?t 5.
Sailed Jan 29— Dan ship Jupiter, for Oregon.
LA UNCESTON— Arrived prior to Jan 20—
Schr J M Colman, from Eureka.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jan 3D— Bark
Hesper, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH-Sailed Jan 30-Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg, fpr New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Vaderland.
for Southampton; stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool.
AUSTRALIAN PORT— Arrived prior to Jan
30— Stmr^ Alameda. from San Francisco, via
Honolulu and Auckland, for Sydney. NSW.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Manjuette,
form New York. \
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Lake
Superior, from St John and Halifax, for Liv
erpool.
Sailed Jan 30 — Stmr Sylvian. from Liverpool,
SYDNEY. NSW— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Warri
moo. for Victoria, B C.
BOSTON— Sailed Jan 3ft— Stmr New Eng
land, for Queenstown and Liverpool.
QUEEXSTOWX- Arrived Jan 30— Stmr' Ma
jestic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON' — Sailed Jan 30 — Stmr
Trave, from Bremen, for New A'ork.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE,
A canvasser for a Chicago house known
} )y the name of C. J. Mackie Is very much
in demand on the front.' He made the
rounds last month and represented him
«=elf as the agent oi the Dundee Rubber
Corporation of Chicago. He sold rubber
mackintoshes and overcoats at prices
varying from $5 SO to $10. On each order
h* got a deposit, the balance to be "cash
on delivery *' Dr. Frank Robinson is out
$2 50. Dr. Starr a similar sum, Dr. Putnam
put up *5 and Henry Peterson fj. There
are a dozen other victims, but ail of them
received a circular yesterday stating that
Mr Mackle when last heard from was in
Kanta Cruz and heading for -Los Angeles.
None of the money collected had been for
warded to the corporation, and as . Mr.
Mackle was away' behind in his accounts
the firm refused to fill the orders unless
the money for the goods was forwarded.
AM the doctors hold . a receipt signed
"Dundee Rubber Corporation, per C. J.
Mackle agent," and the concern admits
that Mackie as such had a right to take"
orders. Relying upon their receipts the
Surgeons of tb/2 Harbor Hospital
Staff Looking for Rubber Coats.
DOCTORS ARE FLEECED.
An opinion was handed down yesterday
by United States District Judge de Ha
ven in the suits of the owners, master and
crew of the steam schooner Farallone
against the "steamer Alice Blanchard to
recover salvage for services rendered the
steamer Blanchard on November 17, 189o.
The Alice Blanchard, with passengers and
freight, was found in distress fourteen
miles north of -Port Orford and four or
five miles off shore.
In his decision Judge de Haven said that
in the light of the general rule declared
in the authorities quoted the court would
not en the facts shown in the present case
be justified in holding that the libelants
are entitled to' a very large award. The
service upon which the claim for salvage
compensation is based was rendered with
little if any, risk, continued the court, to
the salvors or to the vessel employed by
them in such service. In the opinion of
the court the testimony did not show that
the Alice BJanchard was at any time in
serious danger or that it could not have
made Port Orford in safety without as
judgment was given the libelants for
$1000 with interest— three-fourths to the
owners and one-fourtrr to the master and
crew.
Otniers of the Alice Blanchard Must
Pay That Sum to the
Farallone.
ONE of the busiest wharves on the
front at the present time is Mis
sion Xo. 2. Three steamers are
being fitted out there and on each
a gang of men Is working night
and day. Right up against the bulkhead
Is the new steamer Acme. She Is being
completed for the coast trade, and Beadle
Bros, say she will be the finest vessel of
her kind afloat.
A little ahead of the Acme Is the new
steel tug Leslie Baldwin. She. is srteel
throughout and her machinery is oT the
latest modern type. She is for the firm
of Alexander & Baldwin, and goes from
here to Kahului, H. I., where she will
serve as a tender and towboat for-4he
company's fleet. .The new tug is a smart
looking craft and as good as money and
brains can make her. v \
The Chico Is lying at the most easterly
end of the wharf. She was formerly the
old Alice Blanchard and has had a varied
career. Once she was a smart little
coaster and made money for her owners.
Then she was remodeled. Placed on the
ways she was cut in two and fifty feet
added to h^r amidshlp. Since the alter
ation she has not been a success. Her
venture into the Mexican trade was a
failure and on the run to Eureka she was
not a success. Now she is being over
hauled after six months of retirement and
got ready for the Coos Bay trade. Under
the name of Chico the boat may become
a money-maker, but as the Alice Blanch
ard she never made a fortune for her
owners. • ! .:.: --;-^
• ' . .-
ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS
AWARDED FOB, SALVAGE
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 29— Br ship Seman
tha, 4 from Astoria. ¦ . . • i
SYDNEY— Sailed Jan 30— Nie bktn J C Pflu-
Ber, for./ Newcastle, r Aus. , ¦ Jan »— Br stmr
Warrimoo, for. Vancouver/
ACAJUTLA— Arrived Jan »-Sal itmr El
Salvador, hence Dec 25.- . , ¦* -
'• NANAIMO— Sailed Jan S0--ShlD Joseph B
- _ -:',-.-. ,.-:..¦¦..-¦ - '
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed » Jan 23— Stmr • Allianca ,
for Colon.. .. - ¦ : - "¦-¦ ' , ¦
EASTERN PORTS.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
TACC.MA— Sailed Jan 29— Ship C F Sargent,
for Honolulu. .
POUT LUDLOW— Sailed Jan 30-Schrs Oka
noran and Meteor, for Port Gamble.
PORT TOAVNSEXD- Passed In Jan SO— Br
stmr Duke of Fife, from Hongkong; bark Vi
dette, Xrom Sallna Cruz.
Arrived Jan 30— Ship Mary L. Cushlng; from
Hon~konj. *¦'-•¦'
Sailed Jan 30— Br. stmr Caithness, for China'.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 29— Schr Mabel
Gray/from Redondo. Jan SO— Stmr •Whltes
boro. from Greenwood.
Arrived Jan 30— Schr Peerless, from Port
Biakeley. -
IVERSENB LANDING— Sailed Jan SO— Schr
Rio Rey, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 30— Schr* Me
tecr and Okanoj?an. , from Port Ludlow.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Noyo.
hence Jan 29.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 3i>— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco. *
EUREKA— Hailed Jan 29— Stmr Allianca, for
Ean Francisco. ,
Sailed Jan 39— Sehr Snai-row . and etmr Po
mona, for San Francisco,
Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Santa Barbara, hence
CASPAR— Sailed Jan 30-Stmr Luella, for
San Pedro. : ¦ • .
¦ SAN DIEGO— Sailed ' Jan 30— Stmr Aberdeen/
for Sun' Francisco; bktn Northwest, for Ever
ett; Ptmr Carlisle City, for San Francisco. „.
ROCKPORT— Arrived Jan -30— Stmr Scotia,
henee-Jan if. ¦"" - •";
SEATTIjE— Sailed ¦ Jan 29— Stmr Dirtgo. '¦ for
Skaruay. •-- -.;"•« : - :
Arrived Jan 2»— Stmr Mackinaw, hence Jan
uary 25. ' ¦¦
. Arrived Jan SO-Stmr ? Hyades, hence Jan 24.
• ASTOIUA— Arrived Jan SO— Stmr George ; W
Elder, ; hence - Jan <* 28; Fr ; bark , Gen ; de Pois
doffre, f rom • Swansea, . ;, • -„
Bailed Jan 30— Ger stmr Eva, for — -; : Br
ships County of Roxburgh and , Wavertree, for
Queenstown. ¦> ; ; ¦¦_ - '• ¦ . " ;
POINT LOBOS, Jan ' 30, 10 p m— "Weather
hazy.; wind NW, velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN. • .¦$
Nov 9, lat 40 S. Ion 121 W— Br Ship Kinrosa
shire, hence Sept 1, for Hull.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Sania Cruz. Hlnkle, southern coast.
Stmr* Emnlre. McGenifc Coos Bay.
Stmr Navarro, Hanseji, .
¦ Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllrifr. Tacoma.
Stmr BrunswtA, Antlreaen. .
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey, Chemalnus.
Br ship Crown of Scotland. Jenkins, Queens
town. / ;r
Bktn Planter, Chase. Honolulu.
Pchr Mary Etta. Anderson. Howens Landlng-
Schr Ocean Spray, Ols<?n, Iversens Landing.
Schr C A Thayer, Monson, Grays Harbor.* .
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr little Bennett. Rasmuasen, Tacoma.
Schr Halcyon, Mellln. Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January 30.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Lakme. Schoee,- Eureka.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 30.
Ship Geo* Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch
& Co. . v.
Wednesday, January 30.
Stmr Alcartraz, Carlson, i! hours from San
Pedro.
Etmr Sequoia, Martin. 18 hours from Fort
Brag-sr. •
Stmr Nenbury, I'eterson, 41 hours from Ke
dor.do.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. £* hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 57 hours from New
pert (S). etc.
Stmr Brungwlck. Anderson. 24 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put in to land passsn-
Eer3. ,
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck. 6 days from Port
land, via. Coos Bay and Kurekn.
Stmr Coquille . River, Thompson, 44 hours
from San Pedro.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 34 hour* from
Crescent Clt:\
Barg-e Santa Paula. McOovern, 5S hours from
Ventura, in tow of tug Rescue.
Schr Santa Barbara, Olsen. 37 hours from
Point Arena, in tow of ctmr Navarro. V
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Ancona loads wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope, 41s 3d; the Bo«»uet, wheat at Portland
for Europe. 41s 3d; the Mary L. Cushing. lum
ber on Puget Sound for Cape Town, T7fl Sd.
prior to arrival; the Tamar. wheat at Tacoma
for Kurope, 38s 9d. prior to arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Captain Dunbar, late of^ the
bark Wanderer, goes north on the* Walla
V. r alla to-day to take charge of the ship
Alex Gibson. The latter vessel is loading
lumber on the Sound for So\ith Africa,
and Captain Holmes would not go out in
her. Captain Holmes is the oldest and
one of the most esteemed master mariners
in America.
The gasoline schooner Barbara Hernster
was run on the mud fiats yesterday.
The steam schooner Navarro towed her
down from Point Arena, and as she does
not appear to be badly damaged it may
not be more than a fortnight before she
is in commission again.
Captain McNeil of the barkentine
Planter is going to take a rest ashore.
He will not go out on the vessel this voy
age, and his place will be taken by Cap
tain Chase, late chief officer of the vessel.
Water Front Notes.
The China Basin lease came up before
the board again yesterday. E. S. Pills
bury, attorney for the San Joaquin road,
was present and said that as soon as the
Legislature passed the bill now before it
the. railroad would begin work on tho pro
posed seawall.
The plans for a new wharfing«r"3 office,
storeroom, fences and gate at pier 7 were
approved and bids. called for. \
A delegation of fishermen asked that
more net rails and wharf room be pro
vided. The matter was referred to the
chief engineer and chief wharttnger.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
doctors have sent a demand for the over
coats to Chicago. There is trouble brew
ing for some one.
THREE VESSELS THAT ARE BEING PREPARED FOR SERVICE. ONE IS FOR THE LUMBER BUSINESS, AN
OTHER WILL BE USED AS A TUG IN THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS AND THE THIRD MAY BRING COAL
HERE FROM COOS BAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUXKY 31, 190T.
HOME STUDY CIRGLE
FOR CALL READERS
Another Shakespeare Evening Devoted
to Every Day Life of the Great
where Dromio. In reply to the chidlngs
of Adriana. says:
Am I so round with you as you with me.
That like a football you do spurn me thus?
You spurn me hence, and he will spurn m«
hither;
If 1 last in this service, you must case ma
in leather. v • .•-¦»-
It was rough sport then, as now, as
many passages in the writers of the time
show: but these generally refer to It a3
played by men— shepherds, plowmen and
others-^rather than boys. James I pro
hibited it at court as "meeter for laming
than making able the users thereof." It
had been forbidden by an edict of Ed
ward HI, almost three centuries earlier,
in 1349. but only because it was thought
to interfere with the popular interest In
archery.
Other games of ball were in vogue; like
tennis, to 1 which and its technicalities —
"set," "racket," etc— there are many ref
erences in the plays; and bandy-ball,
which was like hockey, or a rude form of
golf, according to some authorities. Juliet,
when impatiently waiting for the return
of the nurse with a message from, Romeo,
says:
Had she affections, and warm, youthful blood.
She'd be as swift In motion as a ball;
My words would bandy her ta my sweet love.
And his to me.
Tire modern verb "bandy" had Its origin
in this old game; Just as "muss" comes
from a sport which was merely a scram
ble for small coins or other things throwa
down to be got by those who could seize
them first. In "Antony and Cleopatra"
the hero says: &&0S
Authority melts from me; of late, when I
¦ cried, "ho 1 .""
Like boys unto a muss, kings would start
forth.
And cry. "Your will?"
Not to dwell upon the scores of other
harmless boyish sport3 mentioned by
Shakespeare, 1 may refer to one or two
examples of a different kind, marked by
brutality or cruelty. -Falstaff. after the
cudgeling he got through the strategy of
the merry wives, says: "Since I plucked
geese, played truant and whipped top, I
knew not what 'twas to be beaten till
XXVII.
It is evident that Shakespeare was fa
miliar with schoolgirl work and ways ; but
the education of his own daughters was
apparently very limited. Neither of them
could write, and this was true of the
great majority of women of the middle
class at that time. In the case of Shakes
peare's daughters it did not interfere with
their getting husbands who were better
educated. Susannah married Dr. John
Hall, who was a physician of considerable
eminence in his profession and a good
Latin 'scholar withal. His manuscript
Latin medical case book was translated
into English and published in 1657. \ When
James Cooke, a surgeon, was Invited to
New Place to examine the books which
the doctor had left behind him, Mrs. Hall
told him that the manuscript was the
work of "one that professed physic with"
her husband. COoke, who was acquainted
with Dr. Hall's handwriting, told her that
the manuscript was his, but she denied it.
It Is clear that she did not know her hus
band's writing, though It is said to have
been "of an uniform and somewhat pe
culiar description, not readily to be mis
taken for any of the ordinary styles of
writing then in use." Yet, according to
the inscription on her gravestone, she was
a woman of more than average "wit" or
intellect:
Witty above her sexe. but that's not all.
Wise to salvation was good Mlstris Hall;
Something of Shakespeare .was in that, but
this
Wholy of Him with whom tehe's now In bllsse.
Thomas Quiney, who married Judith,
the poet's youngest daughter, was an ac
complished penman, as specimens of his
signature, sometimes with elaborate flour
ishes, in the Stratford records," remain to
prove.
Of the education of young women by
FAC SIMILES FROM THE CORPORATION ACCOUNTS THAT WERE SU
PERINTENDED BY SHAKESPEARE'S FATHER AXT> HI3 COL
LEAGUE DURING THE YEARS 1564 and 1563.
lately." The young barbarians of the*
poefs day thought it rare fun to pull the
feathers from a live goose. In "2 Henry
IV," when the Chief Justice says to Fal
staff. "Commend me to my cousin West
moreland," the fat old sinner mutters:
"If I do, fillip me with a three-man
beetle." He alluded to another cruel
sport that was common among Warwick
shire boys. A toad was put on one end
of a short board, placed across a small
log, and the other end was then struck
with a bat. throwing the creature high in
the air. This was called "filliping" the
toad. A "three-man beetle" was a heavy
rammer, with three handles and wielded
by three men in driving piles. Such a
beetle would be required for filliping a
weight like Falstaff.
"We need not wonder at these amuse
ments of the English boys when their
elders were fond of bear-baiting, bull
baltin?. cock-fighting, cock-throwing and
the like. To all thes*e wo find many refer
ences in Shakespeare; and they were pop
ular with all classes from sovereign to
peasant. Queen Elizabeth and her sister,
Mary, were both fond of bear-baiting-,
which was one of the "princely pleasures'*
provided by Leicester for the entertain
ment of the Queen at Kenllworth In 1375.
when thirteen great bears were worrlei
by bandogs. She loved the drama, but
in 1391. by a royal edict, forbade plays to
be performed on Thursday because b«a.-
baitins? and similar spoita were usual on
that day. The clergy were as fond of
these diversions as their parishioners were
and a writer of 1572 says they would some
times "hurry the service over in a shame
ful manner." in order not to miss the spec
tacle. It Is recorded that in a Cheshire
town in 1501, when tho bear kept for bait-
Ing had died, "the corporation gave orders
to sell their Bible in order to purchase an
other." The modern inhabitants of the
town deny this, but it may be true.
Cock-fighting, to whfch Shakespeare al
ludes In "Antony and Cleopatra. "Ham
let" and "The Taming of the Shrew," -was
popular In England from the beginning
of the twelfth century at least, when It
was an amusement of schoolboys and
their Blasters on Shrove Tuesday, as ir
continued to be until the sixteenth cen
tury or later, and in Scotland down to tfc.<»
rrllddle of the eighteenth.
Cock-throwing, in which the bird was
tied to a stake and sticks thrown at It
until It was killed, is said to havs been
peculiar to England, and dates back to the
fourteenth century. It was regularly
practiced on Shrove Tuesday, and was not
uncommon a hundred years ago. Tha
cock was reckoned a "devil's messenger."
from his crowing after Peter's denial of
h;a Master, and clergymen made this an
excuse for their enjoyment In the sport.
Shakespeare nowhere refers to this vul
gar orejudice against the cock. but. In a
beautiful passage In "Hamlet," connects
the "bird of dawning" with the "hallowed
and gracious" associations of Christmas.
The small boy even now Is apt to be a
savage, and Shakespeare when a boy may
have been no better than' the average
Stratford urchin, but in his .plays an*l
poems he shows himself aa far m advanca
of his age in his love of animals and sym
pathy with their pain and suffering as ho
does In the broad humanity of his deline
ations of his fellow-men. He could feel
pity even for an insect that was trodden
upon. In .'-'Measure for Measure" Isabella
says to her brother:
The sense of death is most trt apprehension:
And the poor beetle that we tread upon.
In corporal sufferance feels a pang as great
As when a giant dies.
In "As Ton Like It** the banished duke
In the forest of Arden laments the neces
sity Of killing deer for food. In the sam«
play Touchstone, the philosophic fool,
gives a sly rap at people who find amuse
ment in brutal srarnea. When Le> Beau
tells - Rosalind and Cella that thpv hav*
"lost much fine sport" In not being pres
ent at the "good wrestling," where three*
young men have been so maimed that
they are likely to die. Touchstone asks:
"But what is the sport, monsieur, that th*
ladies have lost?" Le Beau replies: "Why,
this that I speak of." "Thus men may
grow wiser every day!" says Touchstone.
'•It Is the first time that ever I hear-1
breaking of ' ribs was sport for ladies!"
And yet the fine ladles of Shakespeare'^
day and Queen Bess herself delighted in
air manner of brutal sport involving 1 pain
and death to men and animals.
Quotations of this kind might be multi
plied if space permitted, but I must leave
the reader to find them for himself and
must omit all references to other divisions
of my subject— the holidays and popular
festi%*als of the time, the folklore and si
perstitltlons. and much else that would
furnish material for other papers »ka
this. W. J. ROLFE.
v Cambridge, Mass.
Note— A paper on Shakespeare's sonnets
by Professor Mims will be published on
Monday next.
private teachers we have abundant Infor
mation in Elizabethan literature, and
Shakespeare illustrates it dramatically In
"The Taming of the Shrew." In the first
scene Baptista says to the snitors for the
hand of his younger daughter Bianca:
And for I know she taketh most delight
In music, instruments, and poetry.
Schoolmasters, will I keep within my house.
Fit to instruct her youth. If you. Hortenslo —
Or Signlor Oremio, you— know any such.
Prefer them hither: for to cunning men
I will be very kind, and liberal
To mine own children in (food bringing- up.
Later Lucentio plots to get access to
the girl in the disguise of a teacher of
languages and Hortenslo gets Petruchlo
to introduce him
Disguised in sober robes
To old Baptista as a schoolmaster
Well seen in music to instruct Bianca—
that thus he may "have leave and leisure
to make love to her." I cannot take space
to quote from the amusing scene that fol
lows, in which lessons In Latin and in
music are given to Bianca by the rival
suitors. The reader, if not familiar with
it. will enjoy looking it up for himself.
School discipline for the boys was se
vere enough in those days. There was
no sparing of the rod. Peacham tells of
one pedagogue who used to whip his boys
of a cold morning "for no other purpose
than to get himself a heat." In an inter
lude of the time a boy who does not want
to be sent to school tells how his com
panions suffer there:
Their t»nder bodies both night and day
Are whipped and scourged and beat like a
stone,
That from top to toe the skin is away.
Shakespeare has allusions to the -whip
ping of schoolboys in "Much Ado." "The
Shrew," "Lear" and elsewhere; and the
single instance in which he refers to the
birch is in connection with such discip
line, though parental rather than peda
gogical. It is in "Measure for Measure,""
where the Duke, speaking of a law which
for years has not been enforced, says:
Now, as fond fathers.
Havinc bound up the threatening twlgrs of
Only U> stick it In their children's sight.
For terror, not to use/ in time the rod '
Becomes more mock"d than fear/d. so our- de-
crees, ! *WW I
Dead to infliction, to themselves are dead*
Shakespeare knew better than to draw
this illustration from school life.
We find various types of the Eliza
bethan schoolmaster in the plays. Some
times they combined the quack and the
conjurer with the pedagogue, like Pinch
in "The Comedy of Errors":
Alone with them
They brought one Pinch, a hungry, lean-faced
• villain.
A mere anatomy, a mountebank.
A threadbare Jug^ter and a fortune teller,
A needy, hollow-eyed. sharp-l»okln* wretch.
A llvinsr dead man. This pernicious slave.
Forsooth, tookon him a» a conjurer,. • » .
And Razing In mine eyes, feeling my pulse.
And with no face, as 'twere, cutfacin* me.
Cries out, I was possessed.
Holof ernes, in "Love's Labor's Lost,"
though pedantic, Is a scholar, with a
genuine enthusiasm for study and teach
ing. The delineation, with something of
comic exaggeration of his foibles, Ik thor
oughly good-natured, and the same is true
of Sir Hugh Evans in "The Merry
Wives," who, like the poet's own masters
in the Stratford- School, was a clergyman.
That these -Stratford masters were men
of good scholarship and ability is evident
from the fact that they rapidly gained
promotion in the church.
If the boys had a hard time in school,
•with the stern discipline and the long
confinement— about _ten hours a day, as
a, rule— they did not lack for diversion and
recreation out of doors and at home.
Many of the children's games . to which
Shakespeare refers -are familiar to the
little people now. especially in the rural
districts. Hide and seek is probably the
play that Hamlet had in mind when he
exclaimed, "Hide fox, and after." The
Prince also alludes to "blind man's buff"
under the old name of "hoodman blind."
It was also called "the hoodwink play,"
and the present name Is found in books
of the time as Vblindmanbuf." In the
grave-digging scene Hamlet asks: "Did
these bones cost no more the breeding
butito.play at loggats with them?" In
this game small logs of wood, somewhat
like "Indian clubs," were thrown at a
stake.- Bones were sometimes used, and
this probably suggested Hamlet's refer
ence. When I was at Amherst College,
fifty years ago, we had the same exercise
under, the name of "loggerheads," but I
have not seen it or heard of it anywhere
else. The game was for a time prohibited
by a statute of Henry VIII. Leap-frog
is mentioned in : "Henry V" and football
in "Lear" and in the "Comedy of Errors,"
Launching of New Schooners Is a Daily Occurrence and
Old Steamers Are Getting an Overhauling in
Order to Be Ready for Active Service.
PUTTING MANY VESSELS IN TRIM
FOR COAST TRADE IN THE SPRING
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide. 11
United States Coast and Geodetic SWrvey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters, at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
in. DESTITUTK • FAMILY.— A 'i report ¦ iras made
yesterday- to'- Captain • Spillane of the southern
division * that * a ;woman * named .; Mrs. George
Taylor - with her * two children i were In need
of assistance at, 728 Brannan street. -.The hus
baxul and father died a: few weeks axo. ,;
California Limited.
Xo ' extra . charge Is -made for. riding! on the
California Limited •" of ' the Santa • Fe. although
the < superiority of the service Is really worth
something j more. ' ' ' . ' * •
Branch Hydrographlc ' Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
January SI. 1901. ... -.-¦--- . . ... _
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building ,«u drorpe<l at exactly noon to-day
i. e., -at noon of. the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. . -
'• . „ C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander,: V. S. N., in; charge
Tirrite Ball.
NpTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand . column and the successive tides of the
day I In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column grive?. the last tide
of the day, except -when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States ¦ Coast Survey charts.: • except ~ -when a
minus sign .<—) precedes thehtlght. and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. -The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low wators. "
7
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
Due.
, :
Arpo Coquille River Jan. 31
Mandalay Coqullle River Jan. 31
Robert Dollar.. Seattle **n. 31
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 31
Santa Rosa..... San Diego Jan. 31
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 81
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 31
Arcata..; Cooa Bay Feb. 1
Um.-vtllla Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1
Guatemala iPanarna & "Way Ports. Feb. 1
Xorth Fork jt IIumi>ol<Jt • F *b- 1
Carlisle City..., China via San Diego... Feb. 2
Rainier Seattle & X. Whatcom. Feb. 2
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Feb. 2
Doric... China and Japan... Feb. 3
Australia Tahiti IFeb. 2
Willamette Oyster Harbor Feb. 3
South Portland. Roche Harbor t K. Feb. 3
Eureka IHumboldt Feb. 3
Hyades Seattle Feb. 3
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. 3
Bonlta Newport Feb. 9
Queen...*. San Diego Feb. 3
G. \V. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 4
Mackinaw Seattle ; Feb. 4
Mattewan Tacoma IFeb. 4
State of Cal.... Puk« Sound Ports (Feb. 6
Corona Xewport 'Feb. 6
Steamer. Eest nation. JSalls. Pier.
January 31.
Newburg.'. 3rays Harbor I 5 pmlpler 2
San Fedro Humboldt .. ....10 am Pier 2
"Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka.. Humboldt 9 ara Pier 13
Coquille Rivei Grays . Harbor 2 pin Pier —
. _. .1 February 1.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
February 2.
Mandalay — Coqullle River Pier 2
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona .Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
February 3.
Arcata Coos Bay . — 10 am Pier 13
Alliance...... Portland & Cooe B. 9 am Pier —
Santa Rosa.. x San Diego 9 am Pier 11
» February 4.
Carll3le City. China and Japan Pier —
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 3
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
February 3.
Rainier ;.. .'Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta v .Newport 9 am Pier 11
ArRyll.........t>\ Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Sesoatrts ..'Hamburg & "IV Pts Pier 7
Umatllla iPuget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Rob't Dollar.. I Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 13
THURSDAY. JANUARY 31.
Bun rises ~ ;i;
Sun sets ...,5:3l
Moon sets 4:43 a. m.
I Time I Time Time Time
1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L, W H "W ¦¦ . L W H W
81.:. 2:11 3.9 8:31 6. 1 3:37 -0.6 10:37 il
1 .;. 3:10 2.S 9:25 6.1 4:20-0.7 11:20 5 0
2... 4:00 2.7 10:16 6.1 5:00—0.6 11:58 5 1
5 ... 4:4S 2.4 11:03 6.0 5:86—0.4
H W L -W : H W •¦-; L. W
4 ... 0:34 5.2 5:34 -2.J 11:50 6.7 6:17-0.1
5... 1:09 5.3 6:20,2.0 12:31 5.3 6:45 0.»
6 ... IMP 5.3 7:07 2.0| 1:16 4.9 7:19 0.8
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
Due.
, :
Arpo Coquille River Jan. 31
Mandalay Coqullle River Jan. 31
Robert Dollar.. Seattle **n. 31
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 31
Santa Rosa..... San Diego Jan. 31
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 81
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 31
Arcata..; Cooa Bay Feb. 1
Um.-vtllla Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1
Guatemala iPanarna & "Way Ports. Feb. 1
Xorth Fork jt IIumi>ol<Jt • F *b- 1
Carlisle City..., China via San Diego... Feb. 2
Rainier Seattle & X. Whatcom. Feb. 2
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Feb. 2
Doric... China and Japan... Feb. 3
Australia Tahiti IFeb. 2
Willamette Oyster Harbor Feb. 3
South Portland. Roche Harbor t K. Feb. 3
Eureka IHumboldt Feb. 3
Hyades Seattle Feb. 3
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. 3
Bonlta Newport Feb. 9
Queen...*. San Diego Feb. 3
G. \V. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 4
Mackinaw Seattle ; Feb. 4
Mattewan Tacoma IFeb. 4
State of Cal.... Puk« Sound Ports (Feb. 6
Corona Xewport 'Feb. 6
Steamer. Eest nation. JSalls. Pier.
January 31.
Newburg.'. 3rays Harbor I 5 pmlpler 2
San Fedro Humboldt .. ....10 am Pier 2
"Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka.. Humboldt 9 ara Pier 13
Coquille Rivei Grays . Harbor 2 pin Pier —
. _. .1 February 1.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
February 2.
Mandalay — Coqullle River Pier 2
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona .Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
February 3.
Arcata Coos Bay . — 10 am Pier 13
Alliance...... Portland & Cooe B. 9 am Pier —
Santa Rosa.. x San Diego 9 am Pier 11
» February 4.
Carll3le City. China and Japan Pier —
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 3
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
February 3.
Rainier ;.. .'Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta v .Newport 9 am Pier 11
ArRyll.........t>\ Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Sesoatrts ..'Hamburg & "IV Pts Pier 7
Umatllla iPuget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Rob't Dollar.. I Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 13
THURSDAY. JANUARY 31.
Bun rises ~ ;i;
Sun sets ...,5:3l
Moon sets 4:43 a. m.
I Time I Time Time Time
1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L, W H "W ¦¦ . L W H W
81.:. 2:11 3.9 8:31 6. 1 3:37 -0.6 10:37 il
1 .;. 3:10 2.S 9:25 6.1 4:20-0.7 11:20 5 0
2... 4:00 2.7 10:16 6.1 5:00—0.6 11:58 5 1
5 ... 4:4S 2.4 11:03 6.0 5:86—0.4
H W L -W : H W •¦-; L. W
4 ... 0:34 5.2 5:34 -2.J 11:50 6.7 6:17-0.1
5... 1:09 5.3 6:20,2.0 12:31 5.3 6:45 0.»
6 ... IMP 5.3 7:07 2.0| 1:16 4.9 7:19 0.8
AMUSEMENTS.
Alf Elllnehouee P ™P- and Manager
The Laughing Festival— Fast and Furious
Every Evenlnc this w»#kls a Jolly CARNI-
VAL NIQHT ' "
With Tho«e Funny Fellows.
25— H ANDSOME GIRL S— 25
MURRAY AND MACK
And their Jolly company of 40 Girls and
Boys— 40, in the very best of musical ex-
travaganzas.
"SHOOTING THE CHUTES"
"XITF SAID."
Eve— rSc. 25c, y<c and 73c.
Mat— 15c, 25c, 3jc and SCc.
Next Hunnay Afternoon— Wm. A. Brady's
Crar.d production. "THE SORROWS OK
SATAN."
CHUTES and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT:
THE AMATEURS
IN A
BROWNIESHOW!
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS, PARK 2J. '
FISCHER'S CON CERT HOUSE.
Admission lOc.
Nero, Frances Harding;. Fairbanks' Brothers,
I<*r.lcn and Singer, Ida Howell. Waterman
S'rters. Little Alma Wuthrtch; Hal:Conlett,
Abern and Patrick and Hlnrichs*- Orchestra. ,-
Reserved Seats J5c. Matinee Sunday. ;. .' ; -
THE, PRISON OF THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REY. PETER C. YORKE
For the Benefit of ST. JOHN'S PARISH.
(Rev. Father Bradr. Rector.)
Thursday Evening, F ?M901,
At S o" clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Fifth and Jessie Streets,
TICKETS ~ me
TKfc SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TAXFORA2* PARK— THIRD MEETING.
Monday, Jaccary U. to Saturday, February
t. Inclusive.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH TTEEK DAT,
Elx £tak« Events, Three Hurdle Races and
Elx Steeplechase's.
FIRST R.-CE OF THE DAT AT 2:10 P. U.
Trains lstre Third ar.d Townser.d streets for
Tanforan Park at 7, 10:49, 11:30 a. m.. 1, 1:30
end 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park far
fcan Fit • — at 4:15 p. m.. followed after the
last race et Intervals of a few mlnutea by sev-
eral epecia!*. Sects In rear cars reserved for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to course.
Including railroad fare, Jl.S.
MILTON 8. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWA"n POWER. Racing Secretary.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S Hi LL.
TO-NIGHT AND PATURDAT NIGHT.*
BOER-BRITISH WAR TALK
By WAR CORRESPONDENT ARCHIBALD.
RESERVED KJ£ATS. JL.
"A DAUGHTER OF THE MILLION."
Beautiful Scenery! Rich Costumes! Powerful
Ca*t! The Popular Irl*h Comedian, JAMES
M. WARD, as S»rgreant 0"Rourke.
PJJfrCC Evening* 10c, 15c. 23c, !5c. 50c
lAiWLJ Matlne*>s 10c, 15c, 25c
NEXT MOXDAY— First Production In Amer-
ica of tho Big- EnpHsh Melodrama.
A CELEBRATED CASE
To-Nleht and Evprj- Evening This W«=«k.
MATINEE SATURDAY and. SUNDAY.
Suj>erb Production D"Ennery> Famous Drama.
£2 E HAS CO a~~ THALESyfegtWE?
<^ tmtxx ctrriuui
Phone South M3.
KOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
¦B3B ¦ n * •fSZfe ¦ fl
GREAT MUSICAL HIT!
CVEJOKGS at 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
I HP
By the Aethers of "Robin Hood."
Next W«»ek-P!an<5uette's Great Comic Opera,
"NELL GWTNNE."
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 eenta
Ttl^phcne^ — Bush 9.
LAET FOUR PERFORMANCES OF
MRS. FISKE
"BECKY SHARP."
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
SALE OK SEATS OPENS TO-DAY at f a.
m. for week commencing MONDAY, Feb. A. of
!,'?,$, Will h "TESS OF THE O'ORBERYiLlES/ 1
fi^f H EAT R eHT
TO-NIGHT-FUN FOR ALL!
William Gillette's Comedy.
AL,L* THIEz Bound
COMFORTS --we
OF" HOME I Bs*
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next TVoek — Ensraseinent of JOS. KILGOTTR
Trhen wta be presented E. S. Wlliards b'jc-
Cff, "JUDAH." S»>at« Now Ready.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE BATVRDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL THIS WEEK.
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
IKE GREATEST LIVING IRISH COMEDIAN,
In Boucicaulfs Fan-.ous Ir:*h Drama,
ARRAH-NA-PQGUE
AN UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS,
FRICES-lOc, 15c, 25c, 50c
A few front rows In orchestra, 75e.
Ocod reserved seat In orchestra at all mati-
nees. Re.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
£&@*ig$\ ONE PIIDCC
/ :§|il|§ MCBURNEY'S
i^. VC*&* k r iHnpv anilBltl|| i"
* <n|sr MQnejr C y RE
V4 *yl A thorough cure for
E^| ~ tT P&ins la t&e beck,
Q A BRICHrS DISEASE,
24 r j feraalo troubles, incon-
tSaeaceof urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall atones,
drcp?y, diabetes, snrt rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 11M Market St.,
AND AT —
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.. 2H Kearny st.,
Send I5c in le stamps to W. F. McBurney.
41S S. Fprlr.tr st., Los Angeles, Cal., for 5
•Jays' treatment. Prepaid $1 50. Druggists.
Any cne knows and knows when cured. We
have offered a reward of $23 for 4 years here
In Los Angeles to any one with Piles could
not be cured with 1 Box of Verus Pile Cure.
and not one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and will pay any one suffering
with Piles $53 who cannot be cured with Venn
Pile Cure. Our record shows over 10.000 cured.
Write for information. Perhaps we bav* your
Eelghbor's testimonial. Price tl. pcstpald.
VERUS PILE CUE CO., Room 226, Wilson Rile
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO., Wholesale and
Retail Druggists. Agfts., Fourth and
Sprint Sts., Loa Angeles. CaL
Fill 1 Of These hotels pos-
lAL A lit JC£S thc attributcs
J that tourists and
pnfi travelers appreciate
UliU —central location,
H D A M 0 liberal manage-
UFtAIlU merit, modern ap-
UfiTCi 0 pointments and
HUItLb,
San FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
PERFECT
I Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
jAvierr OR- JORDAN'S sreata
Issuseus of mmm
\ § Up lCStK&nggSl-.tot.fc&Mth, S.r.Cd. A
j \ Cv The Largest Anatomies* Mbuuoi in the \
' *T .* Ji->' - "''orld. Wekt=r'.s»» or *->• cw.rtscted M
>s J^^J li '-«••? pc--.<i»<-!y cii.-eSn-Mh; oldest T
8) #RM *PMi^iitfatJk.Cosa Bf.l^yvzt $
ii^$kp CR-tJCaSi'-'S-PRlVATS 3!S£ASEStf
X 9&&jf% Ce.-!«Klt3tion fren and itri'tlr prirate. \
(5 A /l?^i 'i r rm - m p -r^"-:"' v <~r Ly letter. A A
A 0- It il I i » Write for bock. PQILOSUrq f or A
" \\ II 3HBBU6IC, MAILED FOBS. IAW
X g£ l£. uija^.'e booh for orn/ \
Y DO.. iURDA.1 A «;•., 1051 ilarbet BL.af V
j KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
} Proven territory, en line of railroad, for
sale. Eplendld chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON, CAR-
MEN & SOMES (S. C. MASON, ajent),
1C1 Chronicle bids.. San Francisco
|£ "PATENTS** m
P A FT nOUAl Corner Fourth and
I (ILL Ul VAI Market. 8. P. ¦ Try
ajHT 111 I I Ul our s P« cla l Brew.
' Wf II L II U I llL. Steam and La K er.
6c. Overcoats and
j valises checked free
GREATEST VAtDEVILLE SHOW EVER IN
PAN FRANCISCO.
THE NINE NELSONS.
LIZZIE AND VINIE DALT. FOT AND
CLAF.K, LEAMER SISTERS. MONTMAR-
TROIS TRIO. WARREN AND BLANCH-
ARD. HACKKR AND LESTER. EWIGETTE
AND CLARK.
Third aci Final Week of
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS.
K*«rvea feats, tic; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
¦r:d box seats, &0c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspeprfa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A pa>
feet raa*dy tor Dizziness, Nausea, DrowsJ.
ness, BadTastcto the Atouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowris. Purely Vegetable, i
Small PStt. Small Dose*
\ Smaf! Price*' :•
FotitiTOly cared by tfcoso
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY
MATINEE SATURDAY.
EJIaaagers Wegenhals & Kemper present .
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYN KIDDER,
Ar.d a eux*rb company In a stupendous scenic
r reduction of
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
PRICES— fl M. JL 75c, 50e, S5c and ZZc
Next Wfok— Final Nights of
"A MllJKL'MMEU NIGHT'S DREAM.
Sflllffcfl SE AT SALE
UUUri NE xi SATURDAY
At Sherman. Clay &• Co.'e Ptore.
FIRST CONVERT at the
ALflASBRA. SUNDAY NIGHT, Feb. 10.
ADVEBTISEMENTS,
13 9
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a-baby's; no
ff~!i in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. .Still more harm is
done by not washingl So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Ini- /
perfectly_made ; -the fat'
and. alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
All sorts of stores selllt, especially drurrists:
ail sorts of people use it.The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and * Exchange Board- yesterday:
' • . Morning Session.
IOC Best &> Belcher 26 300 Mexican ........ 27
40d Best &' Belcher -25 2D0 Occidental ..." M
100 Caledonia .. 70 300 Ophlr tn
100 Con Cal &.Va;.l 60 250 Ophir ........ 59
100 Gould & Curry /** 100 Sierra Nevada. IS
400 Mexican ........ 28 SO Union Con .... 23
Afternoon Session.
TOO Belcher ...:."..'.:. 07 700 Mexican '....;...' !«
300^ Best & Belcher 25 400^Ophlr 59
MINING STOCKS.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15.0C0. Sheep,--- steady:
lambs, steady, to ¦ strong; < yearltngs.- up to $5.
Good to • choice wethers, $3 70(54 55; . > fair to
choice mixed, $3 4503 75; i Western sheep, $3 ~h<3>
4 SO: Texas - sheep, ,.- $2 E0@3 50; - native > lambs,
Jl 2533 40; Western' lambs, ?5@5 35." ; ,
¦ HOGS— Receipts to-day, 26.000; to-morrow,
25.000; > left. over, estimated,'^. 3000; y average," 6c
lower; : top, : $5 40. ¦ Mixed and butchers, - $5 15@
5 40; 'good to choice heavy, , $5 25^5 40; rough
heavy, $5 10*55 20; light, $5 1505 35; bulk, of
sales. J5 25@5 33. « • • /* ! •¦
CHICAGO. Jan. SO.— CATTLE— Receipts. 7500.
including , 10C0 Texana. Choice ,-. steers : ; steady,
cahers slow to 10c lower. . Butchers : steady , to
slow." Texans I0@15c lower.' Good to t prime
pleers. $5®6; poor to medium.' J3 40@4 90; stock
ers and feeders strong. $3@4 CO; cows, $2 60«?
4 15; heifers. $2 6o<3>4 35; canners/ Jl 90Sj~2 65
bulls. $2 E0@4 25; calves steady. S4&5 75; Texas
fed steers, $4@4 75 ; Texas grass steers, . J3 30®
3 S5; Texas bulls. $2 &0@3 65. • • ., ..
Chicago Livestock Market.
The combined I stock of wheat at Portland.
Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., decreased
T65.0C0 bushels last week.
Wheat— United States and Canada, , eaet of
the Rockirs, decrease. 550,000 bushels: afloat
for and in Europe, decrease, 100.000 bushels;
total BUDPly, decrease, 650.C00 bushels.
Coin— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies. Increase, 3.600.0C0 bushels. ;
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 370.000 bushels. ; - _. :
NEW TORK, Jan. 30.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
Fhow the following changes 'In available sup
plies sirce last account: <•
Available Grain Supply.
Wheat— ' .Tan. Mar. -June.
Opening IS 90 19 70
Closing ..'. 18 80 19 65
Flour' — .
Opening ..24 05 25 29
Closing 23 65 , 25 15
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening .... 6 194 6 1%
Closing 6 IVb 8 1ft
Foreign Futures.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 60,000 30,uOO
Wheat, bushels 78.000 C8.000
Corn, buehels 304.000 33.000
Oats, bushels S9J.00O 263,000
Rye. bushels 6,000 2,000
Barley, bushels ..68,000 8.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was active; creamery, 14@i0c; dairy.
llVz'fJlSc. Cheese, dull, 10U@ll%c, Eggs, quiet;
freeh, 17c. ¦ /
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. Z—
January 73*» 73% 7314 73%
February -. . i 73T» 73T» 73V* 73H
May 76% 76?4 75% 76V4
Corn No. 2—
January 38% 36?& SGH 36%
February ...1 36% 36T4 S6H 36Ti
May 39 39 SSH 39
Oats No. 2—
January 23*4 23?i 23% 23?i
May 25V» 25ft 25 25H
Mess pork, per barrel-
January 13 S2H
May 14 O7«4 14 0754 13 90 14 C2V»
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 7 8714 7 37^ 7 37tf 7 37H
March 7 S7^
May ... 7 47% 7 47»i 7 47H 7 45
Short ribs, per 100 pound* —
January 6 S2'i 6 92tf. 6 92^4 6 92£
May ..7 05 7 07»4 6 97* 7 02^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 63<g. 73c: No. 2 red.
75Hc; No. 2 corn, 37Uc; No. 2 yellow. 37%c:
No. 2 oats. 24%c: No. 3 white, 26% f^'Sic; No. 2
rye, 61@52c; good feeding barley, 406^; fair
to choice malting barley, f.0f5-60c; No. 1 flaxsecd.
$1 75: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 73®1 70; prime
timothy seed, $4 60; mess pork, per barrel,
$13 5"H@13 62>/J: lard, per 1P0 pounds. $7 32>i@
7 25; short ribs sides -'(loose), J6 9(XS7 10; dry
salted Ehoulders (boxed), €Vi@6Vjc; short clear
Pldes (boxed). $7 25®7 35; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade, $11@11 25.
Shares • Closing
told. Ftccfc— Bid.,
46,?C3 Atchiwm 47
13 SOO Atchlrcn. prefd %t. ¦
4 1C0 Baltimore t Ohio.... M»i
.. .... Canadian Pacific ., &3
300 Canada Southern ... - . fj
£00 Cbe«apecke. & Ohio ss>4
6 5M Chicago O'reat western .„ iSH
Uieoo Chicago. Burlinrtori * Qulncy 34J%
&<0 Oilcago. Ind & Louisville 24
" ICO Chicago. Ind &. Louisville prefd.... GO
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— To-day's market was
inad«> up cf movements in special stocks, evi
dently under the operations of speculative
cliques, who brought manipulation freely to
bear to aid the movements. An overwhelming
proportion of the total business was concen
trated in lwe than a dozen stocks, St. Paul,
Fteel and Wir* and Southern Pacific continuing
very prominent, but were supplemented by
large dealings in Rock Island and ?ome of
th* Southern stock*. The flirt live minutes
oC tiadlni? were eufflcier.t to demonstrate that
•wry powerful support was in the market. The
heavy offerings of St. Paul were freely bought
and it* decline wan checked at l.V>. The same
whf true in Northern Pacific and in the steel
stocks. Th* official color given to denials this
morning of the #o-caiied St. Paul deal and
the explicit assertion* that it was off brought
a large speculative sMling of the stock and the
Ftaterr.ent on behalf of the Steel and Wire
directors given out aft-r the clos* of the mar
ket yesterday was a weakening- Influence in the
eteel group. When the determined and effect
ive support at t^-* two threatening points
T*-a* observed the tone of the speculation was
etrengthenod and the prompt advance In Rock
Ifland and of various other stocka later In
the day served to sumain price* in the general
lirt. Selling to realize was going on actively
under cover of the strength in active mocks
end the market wu highly Irregular during
the T.-hole day. Under the Influence of the nm
upward Fpurt in Rock Island, which rose an
extreme 3'^. there were genera! recoveries. St.
Paul and other |eadln» stocks rising above last
r.'.Kht. The fact that the buying of Rock Isl
end was by brokers Identified with the sup
port in Steel and Wire arouces some distrust
of the movement and t'.ie subsequent aduncen
in special stocks were »if>t notably responded
to in the general list. St. Paul sold off later
to I*? 1 ! and rw»d with a net loss of a point.
Southern Pacific suffered from heavy reallilng
en the Ftatement of December net earning*
showing the extraordinary increase of JS52.139
over December of the year before. Mobile and
Ohii continued to advance, rising 6Si on top
of yesterday's gain of h\j. No authentic in
formation «'ouid be secured during trading
hours as to the source of this buying, but It
was made the occasion by speculators for ad
vancing the Ftocks of various railroads which
might be tenefited by securing the control, in
cluding Southern Railway. Louisville, Chicago
and Alton and Kan«< City Southern. The
control ef the road 'is at present vested In
the bondholder* throujn a voting trust and it
it «ald that no controlling Interest in the stock
Js held by any one jiarty. Late in the day
the stee] stocks were marked up . vigorously
after resisting decline alt day. The rise in
Steel and Wire from the lowest reached 3H
In the preferred 2\i and in Federal Steel 2V t !
There were gains of lrom 1 to ivj by some
other members of the group. The engagement
of gold to-day for to-morrow's steamer make
a total ef I2,2iO.OOO. which. Is considerably less
than the prc-llminary t-stimate. But- sterling
exchange hero advanced further to-day than
It did In I'ari'S. and it is evident that a gold
movement from here to London is Imminent
Borrower* in London resorted to the Bank of
England to-day. s<hown:g that the efforts of
that institution to control the open market
nrf meeting with success. With A prospect
of gold belr,g thus drawn from New York it
eecms hardly probable that the bank rate will
be reduced to-morrow. .
Prices of bonds were well sustained to-day
rr. a good absorption. Total eaies, {3,9^.000.
United State* bonds were all unchanged.
A'ctc York Stock Market.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday
morning, becoming cloudy at night, and prob
ably rain: light northerly changing to east
erly m-inde. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecaet Official.
The cressure has risen rapidly during tht
fan 24 hours over Utah. Nevada and North
ern Arizona. It it- besinnlng to fall over
Washington and Northern Oregon. An area
©f high pr«*urv» extends from Vancouver
If'.and pouthea.-'tward to Colorado.
Th<» temrx-rjiture has fallen slowly over the
yeater portion of the Pacific Coast. *
Generally pleaeant weather prevails over the
country west cf the Rocky Mountains.
For^csrt made at San Francisco for 30 hour?
ending midnight January 31. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, with in •
cresting clnudlnrsp and probably light rain at
r.ight; light northerly changing to easterly
vinds.
Southern Cfilircrnia— Fair Thun-day; light
iroptF In the interior Thursday morning; light
northerly wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday.
Ar'.zor.a— Fair Thursday.
Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Sf: minimum, 46; mean. £0.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, : ¦: Asparagus,'
from Sacramento, l5g30c per ;lb; Green Peaa,
v POTATOES— Earlv Rose 65@75c; Burbanks.
35@50c f for " Rlier . and ' 83c®$l 10 - per : ctl for
Salinas and 65®90cfor Oregon: Garnet Chiles,
from ' Oregon, « 65igS0c; - Sweets, . $1®1 05 for
Merced."' <•;¦> ¦ :'¦• * ¦..¦¦-.-. ¦¦ ¦ - - ¦ . ;
i ONION'S— $1 E0@2 per ctl; Cut Onions; $1 25
per ctl.' ••¦• ; ' .'¦.., . . . ...'.:.-:.
.Vegetables ' are hardlyas . firm as they ¦ have
been, and Tomatoes are f weak -under the lib
eral offerings of Southern . and Mexican.. ,
Receipts of Potatoes -have .been heavy for
some days, and . yesterday were excessive, ex
ceeding 13,000 sacks. , All descriptions are
weak, - ,, except ; River -' Burbanks, -• which • . are
steady. There Is no change in Onions. <
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50@2 "5: . Small White.
$4 80® 4 90; Lnrge White. $4®4 25: Pink. $2 15@
2 35; Red. $3 25@3 B0; Blackeye, %Z<Q% 25; Ltmas,
J5 60(9:5 70: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney. J3 75^4 per -ctl.: -,v
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; -Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax $2 B0@3:. Canary.^3^5"©
3^c for. Eastern; Alfalfa, 7H@9Hc; Rape, 2@
2Mrc;,Hemp. 3H@2%c; Timothy, 6V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2©2 50; Green, $3 70
<82 - per ctl ; Blackeye. . nominal.
Potatoes, Onions a,kd> Vegetables.
The impending Government purchases ; keep
White Beans very firm, f though quotations
Bhow.no change. : • " ' '
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer, $5® 8; Wheat. $11^13 60;
Wheat and Oat, $1O@12 SO; Oat, $3@U 50;
Clover, nominal; "Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley. $7 SO
STRAW— S3!g47%c per bale.
The situation remains unchanged. Hay being
easy and In good supply and Bran firm, with
moderate stocks. '¦,¦-;
BRAN— S15igl6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S16 5C@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. ?16@17 per
ten: Oilcake Heal, at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing.
Sifi 50; Cocoanut Cake, J1701S: Corn Meal, $23
025 50; Cracked Corn, $25 5O@26; Mixed Feed,
$15<&16. . • • :
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family* Extras. $3 25®
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, |3 13@3 23;
Oregon, 12 75?f2 ?5 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
®3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. ?2 50: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream -rto, $3 50: Oat Groats. J4 50; Hom
iny, S3 5013:3 75; . Buckwheat Flour. $4fJ4 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60; ' Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; In sacks." $6 75(S"; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $3 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour ancbMiltstnffs. "
White, Jl 30@l E0; Surprise, nominal; Tied,
$1 25@1 40 for Feed and Jl 35®1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, *1 17V4©1 20;
for Seed, $1 2501 SO per ctl.
CORN— Dull and unchanged. Yellow, $115;
White. SI 15: Eastern mixed. $1.12Vi per ctl.
RYE— So@S7Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at $1 S5 per ctl.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May— 2000 " ctls,
72%C. , • • . ¦ . ¦ . •- : v -,-^-
Afternoon Session— No sales. .
OATS— There is nothing new to report.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Afternoon Session— Mny- 2000 ctls, $1 CZ%.
BARLEY — The decreased rail rate to the
East has not yet helped the market, but deal
ers expect that It will. Prices stand un
changed and the market Is quiet. -
Feed. 76\ic for choice bright, 73^*i?75c for No.
1 and "tO&ivAc for off Krades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, SOflfSSHc; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2(X>0
ctls. $107%; 8000. $107>4; May-SOOO. $1 03%;
4000. *1 03%. .
Second Session— 10:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
$1 03% • 6000, ?1 03H; December— 10,000, $1 OV-.i;
4000, $1 07%. . .
Regular Morning* Session— 11:15 o'clock—De
cember— 2000 ctls. t\ O7>4.
CALL BOARD SALES,
WHEAT— The markets all over the world
continued dull and featureless. Liverpool,
Antwerp and New York were lower. Chicago
wait Renerally easier, with some realizing:.
Selling; s»«>me<i to be of lonR Wheat on stop
orders. The commission-houses sold. New
York reported limited foreign buying ajid ex
porters reported general dullness and Indiffer
ence abroad. Bradstreet's reported a total
decrease of 650.000 bushels, consisting; of S50.0OO
bushels east of the Rockies ar.d 100,000 in Eu
rope and aflcat.
The local market was duH, with a further de
cline In futures. - :
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9S%c; milling. $1^103
per . ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling: Exchange, 60 days — S4 S4?i
Sterling Exchange, Bight..........— 4 ?8V4
Sterling Cables — ' 4 89H
New York Exchange, sight...... — , mi
New York Exchange, telegraphic 22>,4
Sliver, per ounce — ¦ 60^
Mexican Etollars, nominal 60V4 @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
I Lart 1 This ! Last
STATIONS. ]S4 Houre Season, j Season.
Eureka f 0.00 30.86 34.06
Red Bluff I 0.00 15.73 15.07
Sacramento J 0.00 11.32 lS.oa
San Francifco | O.'JO 13.01 14.47
Fresno 0.W 7. 45 «.13
indeiKndence 0.00 4.63 2.09
San Luis Obispo 0.00 21.60 12.oi)
Los Ar.g'les 0.00 9.28 4.57
S3n Pitgo O.OO J.SO 2.62
The following are the eea»enal rainfalls to
date. s» compared with those of fame date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
f^'th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 30-5 r . m.
W cat her Report.
"Prime evaporated apples are dull and weak,
being quotable at 4\y4 7 «e. Goods to arrive
are offered at 4^c. Fancy and choice are firm.
chor« In less demand and waste lower. Low
*trad«* are easier, sales of several cars being
reported at 3c."
•¦Loose raifir.s are about steady. Some good
3-crown goods are Mill offering at 6c. but most
holders ask 6^tq6^-c. London layers are lower,
poods being offered do\«n to tl 25. Apricots and
f caches are steady and in moderate demand in
a Jobbing way. Currants are easier, and prob
ably bids 'iQ^c under the market would buy
a round lot of Amaiias. Dates are easier.
Pairs can be bought L ic lower at 2HC-
Mail reports from New Tork say: ''Market
conditions continue quiet In all directions, with
prices in buyers' favor practically throughout
the entire list. Prunes are very easy, but
there if pome slljrht improvement In the job
bing: demand, jiartlcularly for sizes 60-7f» and
100-12t*. There is scarcely enough Improve
ment, however, to be worth special mention,
and the general prune 1 ituatlon remains— as it
has been right along— dull and discouraging.
There are offerings in the market of some
poods, raid to be not especially desirable, at
fnep rrices, and occasional lots of these are
being taken in by Jobbers at a considerable
thadir.g under the maiket. In some cases lots
of this character have been bought by jobbers
and disposed of to their regular trade at a j^ood
profit.
Xrjx York Dried Fruit Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 2K
Call loans 3 @4 Wot End p 3 if
Time loans 3%fel Westin K house El... E4»t
» 4,°* — Bonds—
¦*¦ T & S F 47 Atchison 4s .10214
A T & S F prefd. 86 N E Gas&Coke 6s. 66^
American Sugar ..134. Mlnlnc Shares-
Am Surar prefd.. .11<( Adventure.. S . 4
Bell Telepho-w l«2«i Allouez Mln Co.... 15*4
Booton & Albany.. 254 Amalg Copner .. 8S*1
Boeton Enevaied...l«4^ Atlantic „.. 251'i
Boston & Maine.. .194 Boston & ¦ Mont/""*314
Chjro. Bur *"Q....143S Butte ft Boston 77
nomlnlon Coal 34V« Ca| um< . t & Heclai'sis
Dom Coal rrefd....l0?»i Centennial - - - "til
Federal . Btwl 43^ t f5S3?^. vl ! ift
Ked Steel prefd.... 70>i Osceola . si*
Fitchburir prefd....l49 Parrot . . 47
Gen Elect prefd....l59 Qutncr "" i«
Lnlon Pcctflc . £3HiWolverines 48>|
MINING STOCKS.
Ad , am » 20!LIttle Chief 14
S llc * 40 Ontario ....6 00
5 reec «JH : U5 Ophlr 55
Brunswick Oon 57 Phoenix . CD
Comntock Tunnel... 04 Potosl (14
i-<™ . C « ! J «= Va 1 J5 Savaw 14
!><?8dwood Terra.... S2 Sierra Nevada ii
Horn S'.lveT. 1 10 Small Hones ....... Co
Iron Sllv er 67 standard \ 4 y
Leadvllle Con 06
U S 2s ref reg-....105»j N Y Cent lsts 107
U fc U ref coup... 105*1. M J Cent gen Ss.,128
L K 3s reg HO NT Pacific 3« 71U
L 8 3s coup 110*. N Pacific 4s 105U
II f new ** «"*-"lH N T Y C & St L 4s.. 10*4
V. f T*' 4s coup. 138 N & W con 4s 100>4
U I old 4s reg.. ..1131.. Or Nav lsts 109
L S old 4s coup.. 113V. Or Nav 4s 10314
L B It rez uov. Or S Line 6s 129*1
L R 5s coup ...m\ Or S Line con 6s..ll6v!
i>i*t of <-ol 3.65s.. .12a Reading Gen 4s... 94U
Atchison gen 4s. ...103% R G W lsts.... 9974
Atrhison ad] 4n.... sm St L&IM con 5s!n5»!
Canada jbo 2ds....m St L ft I M sen 6s.l28
Ch-s & Ohio 4<4s..lO5% St Paul cons....: 183
/^r 8 hl ° J "---1 2 I St P C & P lsts..llSU
C & NWSFdeb Es.124 So Pacific 4s 85%
,1*?° T* rmiD *l 4s. 87H So Railway 6«. ! ....1142
|> & R G 4s 101V- Tex & Pac lsts.... 116%
? .1' K ns - m * Unlon Pacific 4s...lOC*i
Gen Electric 5*.. ..15S*. Wahash lsts 1191J
J°V »V*" traI ists.llSH Wabash 2ds .......110
wt-^ t"L 4! 10«fc West Shore 4s 115
M K & T is 97% Va Centuries 96
CLOSING BONDS.
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois M
200 Chicago & Northwestern 172
1C3.400 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 125!i
100 C C c & St Louis 75H
Colorado Southern 7^*
COO Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16>i
900 Delaware & Hudson 151Vs
l>elaware, Lack & Western 195
200 benver 6z Rio Grande 31*i
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 82 1 *
22.600 Erie 27H
6,000 Frie 1st prefd 62^
660 Great Northern prefd 193
Hockinc Coal 14^
1(0 Hocking- Valley 43
1.000 Illinois Central 129*i i
400 Iowa Central 24>i I
Iowa Central prefd.., 49**
Lake Erie & Western : 40»*
Lake Erie & Western prefd 110
Lake Shore 210 l A
1S.2M Louisville & Nashville Sl%
19,400 Manhattan Elevated U6^»
;00 Metropolitan Street Railway 161*1
600 Mexican Central 13U
10O Mlnneai>olis & St Louis C3
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 106
20.f>00 Missouri Pacific S7
14,C*>0 Mobile & Ohio 61
S0.400 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 1SU
Srt.lOO Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 55
£00 New Jersey Central 149^
7.200 New York Central 142%
3, SCO Norfolk & Western 44^
Norfolk & Western prefd S3
S2.S0O Northern Pacific Slfi
2,200 Northern Pacific prefd S6H
7,000 Ontario & Western S0'%
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
ln.stK) Pennsylvania 146'i
S.20O Reading- 31U
5,in« Reading 1st prefd 70Vi
7,900 Reading 2d prefd 4Ui
Rio Grande Western 65Vi
Rio Grande Western prefd 92
4. ICO Pt Louis & Fan Francisco 23l»
St Louis & San Fran Id prefd 5SVi
2.4C0 St Louis & Pan Fran 2d prefd...... &S"*
1,900 St Louis, Southwestern 22 1 ,'.
2.100 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 51'i
90.WO St Paul ..-..-. 13O»g
400 St Paul prefd 192
St Paul & Omaha 15t>
14.700 Southern Pacific 46%
52.SOO Southern Railway 21^
£.000 Southern Railway prefd.-. 71Tn
3.400 Tf-xas A Pacific 17^4
22.300 Union Pacific M\
2,€00 Union Pacific prefd $3%
600 WabaFh 13
7.000 WabaBh prefd 27*i
400 Wheeling & Lake Brie ll»i
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 2Sfe
1.700 Wisconsin Central 1SV;
100 Third Avenue 120
ECO Baltimore & Ohio S6
2,700 National Tube 5SH
400 National Tub* prefd 93
Express companies —
Adams 153
American 179
United States 61
Wells-Farfeo 135
Miscellaneous —
3C0 American Cotton Oil SO^i
.; American Cotton Oil prefd 89
American Malting: 4^
1.700 American Malting prefd 25
23.700 American Smelting & Refln 58%
L406 American Smelting & Refln prefd... 97>fc
American Spirits '. 2
American Spirits prefd 17
900 American Steel Hoop 26U
American Steel Hoop prefd 70
40,200 American Steel & Wire 42"»
l,6no American Steel & Wire prefd S6'i
2.200 American Tin Plate .... 56?i
American Tin Plate prefd SS
31,500 American Tobacco 115H
American Tobacco prefd 136
3W Anaconda Mining Co 41%
22.E00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76*4
3,600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45"%
25.000 Continental Tobacco 45
300 Continental- Tobacco prefd S5«i
30.100 Federal Steel 43%
6C0 Federal Steel prefd 70H
100 General Electric 1S9<4
100 Glucose SUK?r 49
Glucose Supar prefd 96
LOCO International Paper 21
200 International Paper prefd 69V5
Leclede Gas "2
200 National Biscuit 28%
National Biscuit prefd £2
100 National Lfad 16%
100 National Lead prefd S5%
2.400 National Steel 40%
National Steel prefd 90
New York Air Brake 150
POO North American 15%
Pacific Coast f,3
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87
Pacific Coast 2d prefd C3
SOO Pacific Mail 45
S.&OO People's Gas 99%
1.000 Prosed Steel Car 35%
COO Prised Steel Car prefd SO
700 Pullman Palace Car 200
100 Standard Ror>e & Twine 3%
5.T.0O Surar 134'
Sugar prefd 119
2,000 Tennessee Coal & Iron 5S>4
15,100 United States Leather '. IZU
2f*> United States Leather prefd 76
1.700 United States Rubber 20
W)0 United States Rubber prefd 60
2W Western L'nion gji,;
1.<W) Amalgamated Copr>er 8s<*i
100 Republic Iron & Steel Co 13U
s 300 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 5S»1
P C C & St Louis 67
l.0«JU0O Shares sold.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. S0-4 p. ra.
• Bid.Ask.j BM.Atk.
Alpha. 03 C5|Justlc« 05 07
Alta 03 CSlKentuck 01 CI
9 m <» Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 07 C8 Mexican 23 24
Best & Belcher 25 26; Occidental 0« 07
BuJHon C2 04!Ophlr $3 «0
Caledonia .... 67 ffTOvennaa 13 it
Challenge Con. 11 lS'Potos! OS 03
Chollar *> . ni Savage- 15 18
Confidence 70 73 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 SoiSeg Belcher.... 01 03
Con -Imperial... 01 C2! Sierra Nevada. IT IS
Cpn New York. — 02, Silver Hill 43 45
Crown Point... 1» 15 St LouU ....... — 10
Eureka Con.:.. 08 — jBtandard t* CO 4 i"
Exchequer — C2 Syndicate — 10
Gould & Curry 37 33: Union Con 22 24
Hale-& Norc... 17 l» k Utah 0? 0»
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 15 H
a 222 Be " t * Belcher 23! 800 Mexican w
3<JO Chollar ni SCO Ophlr 59
3oO Con Cal & Va..l 50 200 Union Con 23
s^ J c Se p . 0i . n l::: S WTOto^jy- »t
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 2B| 200 Ophlr «o
1100 Con Cal & V*..l 50 400 Savage .. 17
8«> Gould A Curry 33 1 400 Sierra Nevada. LJ
.500 Justice C6l
Morning Session.
The following: were the sales In the Paeiflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
100 Caledonia <R 4<vt Overman 13
1 no Choi la r 11 60O Sierra Nevada. U
850 Con Cal & Va..l 50 4<*> Union Con a
600 Con Imperial .. 01 40rt Utah OS
100 Confidence 70 330 Yellow Jacket.. 15
10O Crown Point... 14
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver continues to decline. Exchange unchanged.
Another advance in Linseed Oil.
Wheat vci'x dull, xvith Unvcr futures. Barley quiet and steady.
Nothing n'nv in Oats, Corn and Rye.
White Beans very firm, owing to Government zvants.
Bran firm and Hay in liberal supply and easy.
Potatoes continue in excessive receipt. Onions steady.
Tomatoes zceak under large offerings from the south and Mexico.
Seven cars of Eastern Poultry thus far this zveek. Game still slow.
Eight cars of Oranges auctioned. Limes zvell cleaned up.
Seeded Raisins now quoted.
Hams in good demand and firm. Bacon and Lard steady.
Hops held for good prices.
Another advance in Hogs, arrivals being small.
Local stocks and bonds quiet. <
Continued good business in tlie oil stocks.
Butter unchanged. Cheese lower. Eggs arriving freely.
CHICAGO, Jan. SO.— The wheat market was
a professional one throughout the session and
their trade was of a scalping order, content
•with Fmail deals and corresponding profits or
losses.- May opened He lower at ~G% to
76^c under the influence of Indifferent Liver
pool cables, the deep fall of snow and the de
lcyed announcement of Australian shipments
segregating 544,000 bushels last week. The
market declined early to 75}»c. where it held
Eteady for a time while a few small buying
orders were filled. The liberal receipts and
rmall world's shipments later caused further
selling pressure and May dropped to 75%c:
Shorts covered on the decline and the market
it-acted to 76»jc and closed ',2@ f ,ic down at 76®
7^e.
The feature In the corn ' trade was the al
most total absence of outside business. The
opening was easier on cables, a liberal country
movement and the excellent -weather. The
wheat weakness also told against the price.
There was scarcely any of the usual bull sup
port, while commission houses liad selling: or
ders from th<? start. May closed He lower. »
Oats were fairly active within a narrow
range. May closed a shade lower at 25^c.
Provisions were dull. Liberal hog receipts
rnd lower prices at the yards caused selling
at. the opening. Later covering bv shorts
caused a partial recovery and the close wa»
fairly steady. May pork closed 7>^c lower, May
lard "He down and May ribs 5©7V4c depressed.
Note — There will be no Bpgsion of. the Board
of Trade February 2. Queen's funeral.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES-There -was a good
demand for evaporated apples to-day. > State,
common. 3?i@4?ic; prime, 4?»(goc; choice, 5H@
6c.
California dried fruits, dull, at unchanged
prices.
PRUNES— 3U@S^4c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, SHS*
15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14f ISc; unpeeled, 6'i@10c.
NEW YORK, Jan. SO.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.2S5 barrels; exports, 10,000 barrels. Less ac
tive, but held at old figures, closing steady.
I WHEAT- ReceiDts. 1S6.0OO bushels; exports.
64,000 bushels. Spot— Easy. No. 2 red, Sl%c
f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 87Uc
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 90%c f. o. b.
afloat. Options — Opened easy and developed
positive weakness later through liquidation
brought on by disappointing cables, small ex
port demand, light, clearances and absence of
public support. Closed easy, %@&4c net de
cline. March, SO@8OV4c. closed S0»4c; May.
80 7-16<g<;07*,c. closed S&»»c; July. SD«i(&S0»ic.
closed S0»4c. ,
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Firm.
WOOL-Qulet. '
SUGAR— Raw. firm, but quiet. Refined, dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 7c
nominal; mild, dull; Oorodva, 8@12Hc Fu
tures—Closed steady, with prices net 15 points
lower. Total Bales, 29.250 bags, including:
May, 5.25c; June, 5.40c: July, 5.45c; September,
5.55c; October, 6.60c; November, 5.C5o; Decem
ber, 5.7Zc.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4S15 packages: stepdy.
Creamery, lC@22c; June creamer}*, 15@20c; fac
tory, lit" 14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6S29 packages; firm. West
ern, at mark. 19VJ@20e; Southern, at mark, lSVi
<?19'.ic
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury: Available ca»h balance. $141,
$35,720; gold, J71.162.S6O.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Jan. SO.— Money on call, steady.
1%®2 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 8H3 1
4^4 'per cent. Sterling exchange strong, with
actual business In bankers' bills/ at $4 S7&®
4 87Ti for demand and at J4 84}i®4 84% for 60
days: posted rates, J4 S5 and J4 SSH; com
mercial bills, (4 E314B4 SS%. Silver certificates,
€3^610; bar silver, SOUc; Mexican dollars, 47c.
Government bonds, steady; State bonds, inac
tive; railroad bonds, nrra.
Nezv York Money Market.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— Atchison, 48; Canadian
Pacific, 91^; Union Pacific preferred, So\;
Northern Pacific preferred, 89; Grand Trunk,
7H; Anaconda, S14; bar silver, quiet,. 21%d.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram cays:
Business was brisker on the stock market
here to-day. The cheerful tone was general.
The American department was active once
more. London was buying quietly of American
shares at the New York opening, but cabled
fcflllr.fr orders caused a setback. After that
this department was dull up to the close. The
chief demand for American stocks was in
Southern Railway. This buying was stimu
lated by the report that the Mobile and Ohio
and Southern Pacific *ecuritie3 were being
sought In a fight for control.
Money was a little stiffer to-day.
Silver was flat on. the cessation of Eastern
demand.
London Market.
CORN— Spot, quiet; "American mixed, neir,
3s lid; American mixed, old, 4f. Futures,
quiet; January, nominal; March, 3s 9%d; -May,
3s 9>,id.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 California.
6» 4d; No. 2 red Western winter. 6s Id; No. 1
Northern spring. 6s 3lid. Futures, quiet;
March. 6s lVsd; May. 6s l%d.
LONDON. Jan. 30.— Consols, 96 11-16; silver,
27%; French rentes, 102f 10c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady: cargoes No. 1 standard
California. 30s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla. 29s 3d;
English country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 30.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Ftandard California, 6s 3%d®6s 4d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands. G 7-16d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 30.— WHEAT— %c higher;
bluestem, 68^c; club, ESc.
PORTLAND, Jan. 30— WHEAT— Walla Walla,
66c: bluestem, E9c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Jan. 30.— Clearings, $257,049; bal
ances, {25,551. . • .
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. Jan. (30.— The local metal mar
ket ruled generally weak to-day. Tin opened
weak at 37^4 points decline and ruled weak all
day. closing at J26 23. Copper was very Quiet
at $17 for lake and $16 62^ for casting. Lead
was dull, nominal. $4 37^4. Spelter was weak
at Wfrl 05. Piglron warrants, inactive, un
changed. '
New' York' -Metal Market.
; NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— On the opening call
the • cotton • market ..was barely ' steady, with
January 5 points higher and other months un
changed to 3 points .lower. Selling for short
account soon set in. For a long .time the
March option had the support of several prom
inent operators, but before the close even that
month gave way to the pressure. The mar
ket closed easy, with January nominal and
other months 14 to 16 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
LONDON, Jan., SO. — The wool auction sales
were continued to-day.- During the series
177,500 bales were offered, of which 15,800 were
withdrawn. The offerings to-day numbered
10.631 bales. Merinos were in fair demand.
American buyers paid full prices for suitable
parcels of certain grades, of which a larger
supply was offered. Superior Victoria greasy
was in good > demand, a few were taken for
America. . . . :
London Wool Sales.
BOSTON, Jan. SO.— The American Wool * and
Cotton ; Reporter will 'say 'to-morrow: '
The wool^market has been more active the
past -week , and a ; somewhat improved feeling
is noted in the' trade." Quite a number of? mills
have been represented In the market and some
fair sized lines of -wool have been taken. The
amount of business done ; considerably I exceeds
that of.the previous, week and we should esti
mate the volume of sales at about 3,oOO,000
pounds. 'These consist largely of Territories,
scoured, Oregons, medium fleeces, and de
laine wools. Some manufacturers express
themselves as satisfied with the • orders
which t they have taken on overcoat
ings. Others' are still running; 'on
duplicate lightweights. While prices are upon
the whole in favor of the buyer. -there has not
been sufficient recession as yet to justify a
general lowering of quotations. In fact, in
some lines a pretty firm feeling prevails. This
is especially noticeable in quarter-blood fleeces
and delaine wools, as well as on scoured wools,
and eome sales have been made at full quota
tions. Sales for the week in Boston amounted
to 3,176.000 pounds domestic and 2S0.OOO pounds
foreign, making a total of 3,456.0tiO pounds,
against a total of 1.285.000 pounds for the pre
vious week, and a total of 4,514,000 pounds for
the corresponding week last year. The sales
since January 1 amount to 9,615,000 pounds,
against 17,163.600 pounds for the corresponding
time last year.
Boston Wool 'Market.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association 128 00
370 California Wine Association 100 00
1W) Equitable Gas 300
10 Giant Powder Con 5350
tO Hana Plantation Co g ~n
30 Hutchinson S P Co " 26 75
J20CO Northern Railway of Cal 03 " 120 00
$24,000 S P Branch Railway 6s 131 75
$1000 S P of A Bonds „ a J 75
Street— *"¦. ;"'v.
25 Hana Plantation Co j 59
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
. Mornini Sewlon.
400 American Fuel ....' je
500 California-Standard ' "** as
10 Caribou S2
100 Caribou • II
300 Caribou .'.'.'.'.'.'.'" 70
, 50 Continental ".".*'"* 1 05
200 Four Oil Co ." jj
1 Hanford 123 CO
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River ..."!!!!' 33
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 37
20 Home Oil *~" 4 J,
5 Home Oil 4 15
- ICO Junction q<>
100 Junction " 91
100 Junction '"" s;
500 Lion Oil Co „ ~~' m 23
10O Monarch oi Arizona * 83
700 Monarch of Arizona 54
450 Monarch of Arizona 85
100 Monte Cristo •> 40
100 Occidental of West Virginia 76
200 Occidental of West Virginia... 73
23 Oil City Petroleum 35 00
50 Peerless g 37*.
SOO Petroleum- Center <»4
650 Petroleum Center 23
250 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 1300
10O Twenty-eight 2 »7"
300 Twenty-eight J is"
10O Wolverine 1 «
3C0 Yukon ." 57
200 Yukon js
Street — ,
100O Four Oil\Co 63
550 Plttsburg 45
Afternoon Session.
Board—
SOO Aetna 34
1500 Aetna 33
10O Aetna • 39
1000 Aetna .1... 4,)
300 Aetca j 42
500 Bear Flag 45
300 Caribou 70
.200 Four Oil Co ; ss
500 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 37
SOO Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 3$
150 Home Oil 415
16 2-3 Home Oil 4 05
ICO Independence jj
400 Junction $3
200 Junction; gj
SCO Monarch of Arizona g$
10 Monarch of Arizona do
100 Occidental of West Virginia 75
E0 Occidental of West Virginia 77
S50 Occidental of West Virginia 75
10O Peerless 0 rn
10O Petroleum Center j t
300 Reed Crude Oil Co .'."" «
25 San Joaquln Oil & Dev. 13 no
3C0 Sterling O & D Co...... .."3 3^
150 Wolverine * 1 tm,
SCO Yukon ¦""" x IN
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 30-:. -30 p. m .
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.126 1K% Oceanic SS Co.102%105
Cal Fruit Asn. - 106 Pac A F A.... 2 _
Cal Wine Asn. 100 — Pac Bor Co.. ..135 —
Mer Ex Asn... 95 — Par Paint Co.. 12*4 —
• ' Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association.... i;g 00
6a California Wine Association 100 00
150 Mutual Electric Light g 00
$3000 Northern Railway of Cal as.. . 120 M
$20C* Oakland Transit Co fa.....!.. \u '5
S2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s '114 no
25 S F Gas & Electric Co '" 47 K'U
200 S F Gaslight " 4 3;2
11 Spring Valley Water 9175
Street — ---
100 Hana Plantation Co „¦ / 8 50
S15.CC0 Hawaiian C & S Coos 104 37^
SUGAR STOCKS.
S ana^ S o P r, Co ~ 8 '^ 8?i ' K»auea S Co.. 21>; 21K
Haw Q & S Co - SO Makawell S Co 42 42>1
Honokaa S Co. 31U 31H Onomea S Co.. EX. —
Hutch S P Ct>. 26\ — Paauhau S Co. 32 Z2V,
POWDER STOCKS.
California 150 - Vlgorlt „. 2*i Mi
Giant Con Co.. S3?i — ~ •*¦ '
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 135 — O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47^ — Presidio 17U 20
Market-st «8»4 69
Ger S & L — l$50 Sav & L So... — —
Hum S-& L... — — r Sec Sav Bnk.. 275 —
Mut Sav Bnk. 50 — , Union T Co...
S F Sav U 510
SAVINGS BANKS.
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 77 .— Lon P. & A.. ..143 —
Bank of Cal.. .410 — Merchants' Ex 16 —
Cal S D & T..105»4 — S F Nat Bnk.. — 125
First National — 312V>
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 232 j — ¦ ( •
Cent, 1* & P Co 2»i 4 Pac L Co....... 42^ 43t4
Eqult G L Co. 2\ 3 Sac E G&RCo. — 37>|
Mutual El Co.. 7% 9 S F O & E..:. 47^ 48
O G L & H... — 50»4 San Francisco. 4H 1 44
Pac Gas Imp.. — 44»i'Stktn G & E.. — 11
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Contra Coita.. 6? 69^i Spring Valley." 92u 93
Marin County. B2>4 —
WATER STOCKS.
Bay Co PCo5s.l05 — Oak Water 5s.. — 102H
Cal-st Cab Es.116 — . Oceanic S3 5s. — 103
C C Water 5s. 1<V? — Om C Ry 6s...l2S —
Ed L & P 6s. .131 135 Pac G Imp 4S.10O —
F & Cl Ry 6s.U4H — P & Cl Ry gs.,105 —
Geary-st R 5s. — _ P & O R R 6s. — —
H C & S oVis.lOSVi — Powell-st R 6».120t4 —
Do S«...-.:....i04«i — Sac E GAR 5s. — ' 95Xi
L A R 5s HHi"— S F & SJV 5s.l20 —
1. A L«Co 6s.. — — S R of Cal Ss.llO —
Do gntd 6s.. - 104 B P R of A 6s.ll&iilH
Do 5s — _ S P C es (1306,
L A P R R 6S.101H — Series A)....109Hnoi*
Market Cab 6s.l26 — Do (Series B)lll —
Do 1st M 5s. 122 125 Do (1906) 113 —
NCNOR 79. — 11354 Do (1912) 122 — '
N R of Cal 6S.112 — F P R 1st * 5s.lO7 103«4
5s 120 120H S P B R C 6s.l31H —
N^P C R R 6S.101H — 8 V Water 6s.ll4H —
_ D » 5 » 108H — -Do 4s 104 —
N Cal.Ry 5S...110U - Do 3d mt*...102
OGLAHo9.110*I- Stktn Gas 6S..103 -
Oak Tran 68...1H 115 -,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup..ll3H114V4 4s do cp (new) 138 133*i
4s do reg 113',4H4H «s do coup HOV11I%
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 30—2 p. m
Local stocks and bonds continued dull and
unchanged.
The oil stocks sho-ned little change In th#
morning. ' There was less activity, though busi
ness was eood. . In the afternoon there was
considerable activity In Aetna, as will be seen.
Four OH will pay A dividend of lc Febru
ary 15.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
STOCK MARKET.
Flour, qr sks 23.524 Bran, «!ts '...;.-... 1,775
Wheat. ,ctls 128.685 Wool, bales 93
Barley, ctls ...... 6,670 Powder, car 1
Oats, ctls ........ 1.9S0 Quicksilver, flsits 89
Beans, sks 1,207 Sugar, ctls 1.1S0
Hay. tons ZOZ Lime. bbl» 270
Rye, <' ctls ..z 130 Wine, gala 113,900
Middlings, eks... 8.775 Leather, rolls ... 56
Potatoes, ska ... 7.4M Hides, No 152
Hops, bales 14 Pelts, bdls S3
Onions, sks ...... 3S7
OREGON.
Flour, qr eks.... 15.250J Onions, sks ...... 2M
Potatoes, sks .... 5,992lBran, sks 3.000
FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUABY 30.
Receipts of Produce.
' LINSEED OIL— Has again advanced at : 78c
per. gallon, for raw. and 80c for boiled in bar
rels; cases, . 5c • more/ ~ , • .
Crushed,- 6.25c: Powdered. 1 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.85c: Dry Granulated, 5. 75c; Confec
tioners' ?A. 5.75c;' Magnolia A. 5.35c; Extra C
5.25c;' Golden, C. 5.15c; barrels, 10c more;,half
barrels,-25c more;' boxes.- 50c more: 50-lb bags
10c more. I No ; orders taken for " less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
relB.' 6..'0c:: boT«>«,, 6.75c per lb." — . ¦ . ¦
BAGS— San Quentln Bags,- $o 65; Calcutta
Grain! Bags.' June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
30®32Vtc; ; Fleece Twine, 7>4c. -
: COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: . Southfleld
"Wellington. 19; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay,' $5 50:- 'Wallser.d,' $9; Co-operative Walls
end. J9: Cumberland, J12 In bulk and 113 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania : Anthracite Egg. JH.vCan
nel, $10 per ton :• Coke. , $13 per ton in bulk and
$18. In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per • ton. according ¦ to
brand. • . '. " . .: •
\ SUGAR— The ¦ Western ; Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb.ln 10O-lb bags: •
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6«?6%c for small and 6<3>
6>4c for medium and 5%^5v4c for large: stock
Hogs, 5@5Uc; feeders, 5Vi#31ic; dressed Hoes
7%@9c. - - . ¦"
LAMB— 10©llc per lb: spring. 12\4o per lb.
Another advance in . Hogs is noted. They are
quite scarce. Other meats stand as before.
BEEF— 7©Sc for Steers and eigT'ic per lb
for Cows. . . » :.¦••.-
VEAL— Large, 7®8c; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9U©10c; Ewes, 9®9^c
per lb. ' , - • '
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. SViSSc; do lambs. 8@
3c; Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10011c: Southern Mountain., 7%®SV4c:
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@12c per lb. -
HOPS— 13@16c per.lb; from second hands 16@
20c; are the asking prices.
WOOIj— Spring Cltp Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, larfgNk:: Northern, defective, 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 15®16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 9fflOc: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll(312c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. "9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino, 18
$17c: Nevada, 13® 16c per lb.
Dealers are holding Hops very firmly, j some
asking as high as 20c. The total stock in first
hands on the coast Is reported not to exceed
5000 bales.
HIDES AND ' SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers
O^c; medium. 9c; light. SgSHc; Cow. Hides
JiAc for heavy and R@8Hc for light; Stags. 6@
6V4c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. ISHc; Culls. 134c; dry
Kip 15c; Pry Calf, 16@17c; culls and brands
14c; Sheepskins,/ shearlings, 20®30c each; ahort
Wool. 30(g5«c each: medium, eOff'Sc: long Wool
75c<g$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50?T2 75 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium. $l@l 25 for small
and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large, SI 50 for medium, SI 25 for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; Winter or thin skins,
20c. , Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50o; medium.. 35c. ¦•
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4U&4lic per lb;
No. 2. 3Hc; grease.- J@2V4c. '¦
. CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll@ll%c p* r jb for
heavy. llH<?12c for light medium. 12H£lJc for
light. 13'aSUc for extra light and 15@-15Uc for
pugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams
12c; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13-
Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. »15@15 50; extra
clear. $19 50S20; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef, 13c
P< LARD— Tierces quoted at 6H@63ic per lb for
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9 We: 10-lb tins. 9%c: 5-lb tins, 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, SUc: three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces. 7%cper lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Local packers report a good demand for
Hams at firm prices. Other cured meats are
steady, but the demand is not_very active.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 13H@HV4c for bright and 124
013c for light amber; water white extracted,
"»i®Sc; light amber extracted, 6' / 4@7c; dark
6©6Hc per lb.
BEESWAX- 24@26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. S@lOc per lb for Italian:
Walnuts, No. 1, softshell, 10c; No. 2, "Me; No.
1 hardshell. 9!ic; No. 2, 7c: Almonds,- 12@13c
for papershell, Sfflle for eoftshell; Peanuts. 5
©6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts,
13c; Pecans. 11® 13c; Cocoanuts, SOiga.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie:
standard. 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c- per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. 10Uc per
lb; choice, 9%c; standard. 8\c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6Uc; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5Vic. and
4-crown, B'-jc; seeded, (Fresno prices), fancy,
18-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, S'.Jc; choice, 16-ounce,
(8ic; 12-ounce, 5V4c; London Layers, 2-erown,
$1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy Clusters.
$2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All prices f.
o. b. at common shipping points In California.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
S0-40s, 7c; 40-508, 6Uc; 50-60s, 4\ic; 60-70s, 3*ic;
70-SOs, 3«,ic; SO&SOs, 3*ic;,S0-10Os. 2^c; 100-120s.
lV4c; rubles, Uc premium; Ronomas. i£c and
San Joaquins. )&e less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand .the same. Apri
cots, 6Sf8c for Royals and 10@10V4c for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5Hc; sun-dried,
l%@2*ic: Peaches. 4fjT5c for standard, 5<g6c for
choice and W®~c for fancy: Pears, 207c;
Plums, pitted. 5@6%c: unpitted. l®lV»c: Nec
tarines. 5«?5Hc for red and 5H@6c for white.
Seeded Raisins are now quoted, as will be
seen below.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— 35fi65c per box for common, 75c@
$1 50 for good to choice and fl 75©2 for fancy.
PEARS— 65c<3$l 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsins. $13 50 per bar
rel.,
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, M®2: Seed
lings. 50c@$l: Tangerines, 73ciSJl 50; Mandarins.
75c<g-$l; Lemons, 25c@$l 23 for common and $1 50
@2 for good to choice; Grape Fruit. $102: Mex
ican Limes. $4 50S5: California Limes. 23S35c:
Bananas, 50c@$l 50 per bunch; Pineapples, 75c@
$2 'per dozen.
Eight cars of Oranges were auctioned, aa fol
lows: Fancy Navels. $1 23® 1 85; choice do, S5o
®U 25; Standard, CSigSOc; Seedlings, S0c@$l;
Tangerines, 00c for quarter boxes and $2 10
for fancy halves.
Limes are practically cleaned up, but fresh
supplies are expected to-day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Keg. — per pound.
• CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, .lie; choice.
9V£c; common, nominal: Young Americas, HVic;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16V4c per : lb-.-
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, . 26c ; mixed,
colors. 25c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, -24c; standard.
; seconds, . .'¦
¦ Fresh Eastern — Fancy, : standard, -——;
seconds,' .
' Storage— California fancy, ; standard, .
Eastern fancy, ; standard, — ; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, lie. > ' * .' • , •
Storage— Creamery ' extras, . ; firsts, — ;
seconds, — — ; dairy extras, — -. ' *~ ~
Pickle, per pound.
Receipts as reported by. the. Dairy Exchange
were 39,400 pounds Butter, 15Q4 easel Eggs and
19,030 pounds Cheese;:.
BUTTER— ' /• ;it 4 •:¦¦¦-:
Creamery— Extras, -20c; firsts, 18c; seconds.
Butter still runs along without change.
Stocks are ample for all needs, but extra
creamery Is firm, while the medium grades are
steady.
Cheese- Is lower, as receipts have been much
heavier of late. .-•¦¦.-
Over 1000 cases of Eggs came In. The dif
ference, in the quality of ranch and gathered
la now so; slight that the trade is running
largely on ! gathered, , to ' the neglect of : ranch,
with the result that there are not enough of
the former to supply the demand. Standard
gathered are not in sufficient supply to quote
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another car of Eastern Poultry cam© In,
making seven thus far this week. The market
Is In the dumps under this load, quotations
are' low and stocks, accumulating.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 1041 lie for Gob
blers ' and ll@13c for Hens; Dressed- Turkeys,
12>j®'15c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings.
?t 75@2: Ducks, $4@5' for old and $5@6 SO tor
young; Hens, $3 50@4 60; Young Roosters, $J 60
(55; Old Roosters. $3 5O@4; Fryers, $4 50@5;
Broilers. Si@* 50 for large and *3@3 50 for
small ; Pigeons. Sliffl 25 per dozen for old and
J2 5003 73 for Squabs. ,
GAME— Quail. $1@1 25 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain: Mallard. $2 50®3 50: Canvasback. !2
@3 50; Sprig. $2@2 SO; Teal, M 25<91 50; IVld
pt»on, $1 23/g-J 50; Small Duck. J1©1 25; Black
Jack, fl<51 25; Gray Gef-se. $3; White Oeese.
Jl 251?:i 50; Brant, $1 oQfijtl lb for small and $2
for large: Honkers, S3f4 50; English Snipe. $2;
Jack Snipe, $1 2591 50: Hare, Jl@l 25; Rabbits,
$1250150 for Cottontail and »l ' for Brush;
Dove3, 75c per dozen.
Receipts of Game were 113 sacks. The mar
ket was weak and prices showed no particular
change. ,
Poultry and Game.
6@6c per lb: String: Beans. 8@15c: Cabbage, 80c:
Tomatoes, -.- Los Angeles, 75cS $1 73 per crate;
from ' Mexico, %2 25 ; per crate ; : Egg Plant, ; Los
Angeles, 1 15@20c per lb; Green Peppers.- Los
Angeles, li&c per lb for Chile and 15c for
Bell ; Dried Peppers,' 9@llc ; Dry Okra, 10<&15c
per lb; Carrots. 25©35c per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers,$1@1 50 per dozen; Summer Squash,
$2' per box;. Garlic, : 3@4c ' per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, ?12@2O per 'ton; Muchrooms, 5@15c
per lb. - • ¦.-¦»;.«¦ -.=.-.- ;^"3--"
THE SAT^JTRAOTOISCq CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY^ 31, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
TARIS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
AMERICAN LINE.
n V TOSX. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDO.V. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. tn.
New Torlt Feb. cixew Tork Feb. 27
Kensington Feb. li I Vaderland ....March 9
St. Louis Feb. 20| St. Lou!*. March 13
RED STAR LINE;
Kavs York: and Antwtrp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Westernland ...Feb. « Frles>an<l Feb. 2?
Kensington Feb. 13 Southwark ...March »
Noordlacd Feb. 20 Westernland... March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPAST,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR;
General Agent Pacific Coant.
30 Montgomery street.
eceaiflcs.sxo.sii
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only}
Saturday. February 2. 3 p. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for TahiU
Fridav. February S. 4 p. m.
PS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Austrs.Ha -
..Wednesday, February 13. at 9 p. m.
J. B.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., teal Agents. 327 Harht St
Ba't PasacgBr Office, 643 ferfat St.. Plar la. 7. Pack St
I/flftllftfs I I HP HATHOR.5300 Tons
KOSMOS UNEressig
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports. Central. South America, etc.
SESOSTRIS SAILS ABOUT February 5. 1»1.
J. D.SFBECKELS & B30S. CO., fiaoaral Inb. 327 fartat S| .
Eea'l Paawnsr CHsa. 643 teriet SI, fa la. 1. Kate St
PANAMA R. R, ST
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. ?1O5: Steerage. $4O.
S. S. ABQYTjIi sails February 5.
S. S. BOAUOKE sails February 19.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails March 5.
From wharf, foot of Fremont St.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACITIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. A5S
C0MPA5IA 3CD AMERICANA DS TA?02C3
To Valparaiso, utopplni? at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. From foot of Fre-
mont street. Sailing: -
8. 8. GUATEMALA February 7. 19Ct
S. S. PALENA February 20. 1301
8. P. COLOMBIA March 7. 1W1
8. S. TUCAPEL. March 20. 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servlc*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce. 315 California street.
BALFOUR. OUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
C0MPA0HIS GENERALS TRANSATLANTICS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. - —
Sailing ev^ry Thursday, instead of «^L dJJ
, Saturday, at 10 a. m.. lrom Pier 42. -"a^asciHW
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. 135 and . upward. Second claas t<>
Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR. UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI A CO.. FacMc Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. - Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. * ' ¦
BAY AND B1VEH STEAMERS.
Stea— — *¦ "» f ottt»ceMr»."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at trC
a. m.. 3:15. 8:39 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days.. 1 p. m.and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. in. Landing- and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pter No. 2. Telephona Main 1501.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. tn..
for YOKOHAMA and HO.VGKON'O. calling at
Kobe (Htoffoi, Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTJ
Tuesday, February 19. 1901
S3. AMERICA MARU.... Friday. March 15, 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 9. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Marfcst street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
THE 0. R. & H. CD.
•--- ¦• DISPATCH FA3T STEAMERS TO 2 > .
PORTLAND
From Fpear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CA-DC SI2 First Class Including Berth
rHntl $3 Second Class ar>d Meals
COLUMBIA Safls Feb. t
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena, and all points tn the Northwest.
Through tickets to all point" East.
E. C. "WARD, Oeneral Aarent.
£30 Market s»t.
¦'»>-?--- OCRA1^ TRATreL.
: Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steanr.ers leave Brna<!way
•^ wharf. San Francisco.
rfWTiifci or Alaskan Port* — V. •» tn
Feb. 5, 10, U. ?), 25. March !.
F^^oSS&V Change to company's iteamers
Cg^Ojji] For Victoria. Vancouver (IJ.
BSESBwrTjK»l *-"•*• 1>ort Townsend, Seattle.
/ Tacoma. Kverett, Anacort?s
and New Whatcom lU'a^h.t-
¦^^ 11 a. m., Feb. 5. 10. 13. 20, 25.
March 2. and every flCttx day thereafter. Chans'*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 2.
7. 12. 17. 22. 27. March 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Pert Lea Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gele-s)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gav!-
ota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport— Steamer Corcna. Fridays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Eiitcnada, Magtfalena Bay. San Jcoa del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company'*
folders. .
The company reserves the right to thane*
steamers, sailing dates and 4iours of sailing.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKINS & CO.. Gen. Acts..
• ¦ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES
* - »
« — r — - : ¦ .
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
AT
PALACE LIVERY STABLE.
112 New Mnjitzomc-ry at.,
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 31 AT 11 A. M.
On account of the telephone company havlnj
purchased the entire blr.ek for their now build-
ings I am compelled to offer at auction th*
contents . of my entire stable, consisting nf
hotsfn. buggies, surreys, rockaways, wagons,
harness, robes, etc. Also two good hack*.
This stock wfcs recently purchased by me. just
prior to the sale of the ptop«rty. and is In first-
class condition. No reserve or limit.
ED UOHIFFS. Proprietor.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Offlcw 327 Sixth at.. S. F.In Germany 87,000 persons, or one-thlrty
nlnth of the total ; number , of those dyln;<
each, year between the ages of 15 and o0
vears, lose" their livca because of tubercu
losis. .; ¦ ' ' :
6AKLAND. Jan. 30.— The remlttltur has
been issued upon which Arthur Arlington
will be taken from the Alameda County
Jail for transference to San Quentin.
whither he goes to bagin serving the life
sentence recently conriimed by the Su
preme Court. for deceiving women under
promise of marriage.
Goes to San Quentin for Life.
The will of George W. Grannlss, who
died January 26, leaving an estate which
the petition 'says is valued at $75,000, was
filed for probate yesterday. Decedent be
queaths S20.000 and th.» personal property
at his late home, 19 Hawthorne street, to
his widow, Elizabeth I. Grannlss, and -Hi.;
residue of his estate to his daughter. Har
riet GrannJps. who is named as executrix
to serve without bonds.
George W. Granniss'.-.Will.-'
The second lecture bv Lincoln Hutchln
son in the free university extension course
on "The Growth of American Foreign
Trade" will be*dellvertu at 8 o'clock Fri
day evening at the Y.M. C. A. building,
corner Mason. and Ellis streets, San.Fran
clsco. His subject -will be "American
Shipping and Carrying Trade.". -
"The Schools of Greece"; will be the
subject of a second lecture in the'eour-je
on "The History of Education," now be
ing offered by Dr. E. C Moore of the uni
versity philosophy department, at 10:30
o'clock Saturday mont.ngs at ; the' State
Normal School, on Powell street, near
Sacramento, San Francisco./
State University Lectures.
OAKLAND, Jan.' SO.— The following
marriage licenses were issued at thu
County Clerk's office to-day: E. J. Myer
son of Oakland, aged 22, and Bessie
Springer of Oakland; aged 18:' F. M.
Bechtle of. Alameda, aised 33. and Bertha
Gunsky of Alameda, aeed 33: ¦ \\V C.-Ede*
of San 'Francisco, aged .21, and'.. Mary
Burnham of Oakland, aged IS; Domlnlco
Fortuna of San Francisco. 1 ag*d 37, and
Annie McMahon of San Francisco, ¦ ago-1
28. •/ - - '.- ¦¦ - .¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ,
Oakland Marriaga Licenses.
The Assembly Committee on Commerce
and Xavigratlon arrived In this city last
evening from Sacramento. The chief
object of tbc visit of this committee Is to
select a possible location for the ' "free
market." Blocks on the city front owned
by the State will be considered. The bill
providing for a free market in San Fran
cisco was passed by the Legislature of
1S97, but no further steps were taken in
the matter. ¦-¦¦ . .
sider the Water Front a Good
Location.
ASSEMBLY COMMITTEE
TO SELECT MAHKET SITE
Members Arrive in th» City and Con-
Next Week.
The Duke and Duchess of Manchester
and Lord\ Lambert left yesterday for
Monterey, where they will remain until
ihe first of , nex't week. The Duke has
been enjoying himself here and says he
regrets to leave. He has paid a couple
of visits to the Olympic Club, where he
had several rounds with the punching bag,
winding up with a plunge In the big tank.
It is not yet known whether
Eugene Zimmerman, father " of the
Duchess, will join the party at Del
Monte. Published reports are to the ef
fect that Papa Zimmerman had left Cin
cinnati for San Francisco, but. the Duke
has received no verification of them. Mr.
Zimmerman wired that he would start for
this city immedrately, after -receiving a
telegram from, the "Duke 'announcing the
Duchess" Illness, but the reassuring raes
sagen sent him a few hours later were
considered sufficient to induce Mr. Zlm
,merman to postpone his trip to the coast.
Party Will ' R»main in Monterey
Probably Until Beginning of
DUKE AND DUCHESS
LEAVE FOR DEL MONTE
The ar.r.ual loss In France caused by tl;e
ravages of hailstorms iff said to amount
to about K3.O00.ono francs.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.— Judge? Hall to-day
granted Mrs. Mary J. Wlllard of West
Oakland a divorce from C. L. Willard
The complaint alleged that WMlard was
earning $S0 a month, and asked that tlif
plaintiff be awarded alimony. Wlllard
proved that he was too poor to pay morn
than his own expenses, and the decree
makes no mention of any payments to
the wife. In Judge Ellsworth's depart
ment, divorces were granted to Chester
F. Harden from Isabella Harden. Ellen
H. Jacoby from Charles A. Jacoby. and
Laura Lambert from Dan Lambert all
on the ground of desertion. The same
cause is alleged in two actions for legal
separation begun by Earl G. Halsev
against his wife. Lolia. and by Matlldi
Monis against William Monis. maumi
Unhappy Couples in Court.
HENRIETTA, I. T., Jan- ;30.— Peace
among the warring Creeks has apparently
been reached, and ; all . that now remains
to be done Is to give Chitto Harjo, : the
chief Snake,' who has caused all the
trouble, a preliminary hearing and send
him to Muskogee for ' trial for treason.
In the meantime a few more of the minor
leaders will be arrested ; and the troops
of cavalry under Lieutenant Dixon will
probably remain here a few days longer
until the last vestige of an uprising has
disappeared. ; ¦
. Last night the Indians burned signal
fires on; the hills surrounding the town,
and fearing an attack the soldiers re
mained up "till daylight; armed and ready
for instant action. .But the Indians at
tempted no depredation.
Chitto Harjo, the Chief Snake, Will
' Be Tii?d at Muskogee for
Treason.
It is« said that over $7000 worth of tickets
were disposed of to-day. The - Saenger
fest Club's declaration that if the contest
should.be declared off all money would
be refunded has stimulated the sale.
DISSATISFIED CREEKS
ARE AGAIN PACIFIED
Both pugilists went through their usual
training to-day. They took long runs in
the morning, and devoted the afternoon
to indoor exercises. Jeffries' knee, which
he injured playing handball early In the
week, is much improved and the cham
pion expects no serious results,
Frank Childs. who will spar ten rounds
with Denver Kd Martin, Ruhlln's spar
ring partner, before the Jeffries-Ruhtin
event, arrived here to-day and immedi
ately went Into training near the Latonia
racecourse.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 30.— The trial of
both Jeffries and Ruhlln, who were ar
rested on Monday last, charged with be
ing' in training for a prizefight In violation
of the State law, will tome up before
Squire Roeblingr to-morrow afternoon.
The coming examination is of the utmost
importance because If Squire Roeblfng
should, after a hearing, find that the In
tention Is not to engage In a prizefight,
his. judgment would bar any possible ar
rest on a, similar charge.
Much Interest in Their Coming Trial
on Charge of Preparing for a
Fight.
JEFITBIES AND E-UH3JIN
STILL IN TRAINING
R. A. Silvas, -who was selected to per
form the Installation ceremonies, stated
that the union was in full fellowship with
the Knlg-hts of I^abor and also affiliated
¦with the International Musical Union.
With this preface the following-named
officer* were duly installed;
President and master workman. I. C.
Tjfvcy- vice president and worthy fore
man." A. E. Fouts; secretary. George
Ehrman Jr.; treasurer. H. J. Seegelken;
almoner. R. A. Silvas; inspector. Georpe
Connors; directors — A. Glacomlnt. 1j. R.
Heitler. Charles Rousseau, George Pa
checo and \\". L. Mecum.
At the conclusion of the ceremony Presi
dent I. C. Levey called Past President
R. D. Barton forward and presented him
Tiilh a beautiful gold medal, the gift of
the union in recognition of his service
for the last two years.
The lower floor of Native Sons' Hail
¦was the rendezvous of the members of
the Pacific Coast Musicians' Union last
r!ght. The occasion of the assembly was
the installation of the officers of the
¦union. Th^re was also a "high jinks."
I. C. Levey. T. F. Ehrman, H. J. Seegel
ken, W. L. M«?cum and R. B. Howell had
charge of the affair.
a Gold Medal and High Jinks
Is Enjoyed.
Past Master Barton Presented "With.
MTJSICIAUrS' TJNTON
INSTALLS OFFICERS
UNKNOWN MAN FOUND DROWNED.—
—Charles . Peterson, -a boatman, yesterday
found floating In the bay near Folsom street
wharf the dead body of an unidentified man.
The body was almost naked, there being on It
only a shirt, necktie, pair of gaiters and a pair
of gray woolen socks. 'Around the waist was a
belt. The corpse .was five feet nine and a half
lnche* tall. The hair was red. mixed with
gray, and there were red chin whiskers and
red mustache. '• The complexion 1 was -fair,', eys
blue and features round,- with rnund lull chin.
The upper teeth were false, but no teeth. were
mih3ing from the under jaw. The man was
stout and weighed about 1W pounds.".
GAELIC LEAGUE.— At last nlicht's meeting
of the Gaelic L-ague in Hlnernia Hall.. 120
Ninth street, the attendance surpassed any
previous meeting of the society. A large con
signment of Gaelic literature Just received
lrcm the national executive committee in Ire
land was on hand for distribution to members
The evening's Instruction was enlivened by
short addresses In Gaelic and English by Jere
miah l>»asy, T. J. Mellott. C. J. Collins arid
Theodore Lynch. M. J. lawless, Denis O'Con
nor. M. P. Ward and Miss Hlnnle Turner
rtndered vocal solos.
SWINDLED A HOTEL CASHIER.— F. A.
Shepard, cashier In the Russ House, secured a
warrant from Judge Mogan yesterday for tRe
arrest of George Withowsky. a .commercial
traveler, on the charge of obtaining, money by
false pretenses. He alleges that Wlthowsky
borrowed • J5Q from him and- gave him a check
on the Boston National Bank; Seattle, which
was returned with the Information that no
such mr.n wivs known there. ..:, t ,r.
FIUE IN A CHOCOLATE FACTORT.—Ghi
rardelli's blfr chocolate factory at North Beach
was seriously damaged by fire yesterday mom
ing r.t 4:20 o'clock. The fire was caused by
crackg in the roasters, which allowed the
flames to get Into the walls. The roof was de
stroyed and the loss was about $23,000. Lieu
tenant V.'alter Willis of Engine No. 8 was
struck on the head by a board and received
a severe scalD .wound.
AI.M?HOUSE ENTERTAINMENT.— An en
tertainment for the Inmates of the Almshoui>e
will tee Riven in that Institution thlr evenlnj;
under the auspices of the Columbia Quartet.
Mrs. William A. Dean*. Columbia Quartet;
Tom Mahoney. T. C. Maher, Brownie Banjo
Quartet; Kelly and Marlow, Miss Mae Smith
and several other well-known artists will con
tribute. \-:i:^:y
TO HONOR CHIEF JUSTICE'S MEMORY.—
The seating of John Marshall as Chief Justice
of the United States one hundred years ago
will be celebrated next Monday In every court
In the United States, State and Federal, from
the highest to the lowest, by appropriate ad
dresses, followed by an adjournment, out of
respect to the memory of Chief Justice Mar
shall. '
NEWGARD'S RESIDEXCE.-Mlss M. Bet
koWFkt, who resides at 23 Silver street, deslreit
It known that Louis C Newcard. who died
it the City and County Hospital on Tuesday,
did not live at that number on Silver street.
HI* family occupies the house In the rear at
that number.
APPOINTS BA1X RECEIVER.— R. B. Bain
has been appointed receiver of the firm of
L.lfvre, Frlcke & Co. by Judge Frank H. Ker
rigan. The court fixed the receiver's bonds at
I20.C00. Unsatisfactory conditions of the .affairs
cf the firm led up to the filing of a suit for an
accounting.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
In the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday J. C. Campbell an
nounced to Judges Gilbert. Morrow and
Ross that the Chipps and Requa cases,
represented by himself and W. H. Metscn,
had been settled in accordance with an
agreement between them and Attorneys
Gunn and Kellogg at the time of the first
argument in the case. The agreement
was that if the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals should hold that It had
jurisdiction in the Cape Nome mining
cases Messrs. Gunn and KeUogg would
turn over the property to the clients of
Messrs. Campbell and Metson in accord
ance with the writ of supersedeas, which
forms the basis for the present contempt
proceedings. The question of jurisdiction
having been determined, the property was
duly turned over, he added. Mr. Camp
bell, therefore, declared that he was will
ing to withdraw all the proceedings or to
submit them to the court on the testimony
taken in the Comtols, Kjellman and
Rogers cases. *
Judge Ross replied that it was a matter
entirely with the court as to the disposi
tion of cases of contempt, and that so far
as he was concerned the suggestion of
counsel as to dismissal would not be en
tertained. An adjournment was thereupon
had until Monday morning at 11 o'clock. .
Contempt.
:
Settlement Mada in Two Cape Nome
Suits Will Not Purge of
JUDGE. KOSS REFUSES
TO DISMISS A CASE
The horror-stricken husband called for
assistance. Neighbors went to Haywards
for a physician, while Pereira tried to
stanch the flow of blood from the gaping
wound in his wife's throat. Dr. Reynolds
OAKLAND, Jan. 3O.-Mrs. Manuel Pe
reira, wife of a Haywards rancher, locked
herself In her room last night and hacked
her throat with a keen edged razor until
she sank to the floor unconscious from
loss of blood. When Pereira arrived home
about 8 o'clock last night he found the
house dark and the doors and windows
bolted. Pcrelra forced his way Into the
place and found his wife on the floor of
her room gasping in a pool of blood. She
was apparently dying.
The Pereiras live on a small farm on
the edge of the town. They have twa
young children, who were not at home
when their mother essayed to end her
life. The husband Is employed at Hay
wards and had no intimation of the wife's
suicidal bent ef mind until he discovered
her when he returned from work. To hi*
anxious incuiries she only replied that
she wanted to die. There had been no
domestic trouble to disturb the despond
ent woman. Her husband Is at a loss to
explain the deed. Mrs. Pereira Is about
20 years of age; She has not been 111. nor
has the slightest manifestation been given
that she had any violent designs upon
herself.
arrived during tha evening, and after
hours of hard effort resuscitated the wo
man. This morning she was reported to
be la a fair way to recover despite the
ugly wounds she had Inflicted upon her
self.
The r-eop'e of Oakland feel that It would
be of great advantage not only to Oak-
Pre5id>nt Hays was asked to come to
Oakland to meet the merchants and of
ficials of ihe city, and it was lf>ft to him
to fix the date. Word was received from
Mr. Hays to-day that he would be glad to
come to Oakland., but that it. would be
iir.poFFible for to fix a date for some
time owing to 'he demands upon him. Mr.
Hayp accepts the Invitation, however, and
wl!l name a day at some later dnte.
OAKI.A"r\ Jnn. S3.— The pp°plp of Oak
land would like to entertain President C.
M. Hays of tKe Southern Pacific Com
pany, and they have invited the new head
of the Southern Pacific to come to this
city to partake of their cheer and hear
what iV.py hav» to sny. The invitation was
c-xtendod through the Merchants* Ex
charge to President Hays upon behr.lf of
r.ct only xho oxchance but the other com
mercial bodios of Oakland.
The "Amateurs in a Brownie Show"
is the chief attraction of the evening's
bm at the Chutes and Zoo.
Fischer's new people this week are
Nero. Frances Harding and Fairbanks
brothers, and a bright entertainment is
the result of their efforts.
The nine Nelsons, Sam Lockhart's won
derful baby elephants. Hacker and Les
ter. Lizzie and Vinle Daly and Mont
martrols trio are headlines onathe Or
pheum's excellent bill for the week.
Gillette's comedy, "All the Comforts of
Home," has found much favor with the
Alcazar audiences this week. The en
gagement of Joseph Kllgour, who will
appear next week in K. S. Wlllard's
"Judah," is announced by the manage
ment.
Murray & Mack in "Shooting the
Chutes" are still crowding the Alhambra
Theater nightly. On Sunday afternoon
"The Sorrows of Satan," a dramatization
from one of Marie Corelli's novels, will
be put on.
"A Celebrated Case" has had a success
ful week at Belasco & Thall s Central
Theater, and' Its continuance for another
week would be more than warranted, uut
the management has decided to displace
it on Monday evening with a noted Eng
lish melodrama, "A daughter of the Ma
lion." This play has never before been
produced in America, therefore its pro
duction In this city Is of something more
.than passing interest.
I • •,•"¦•;'".',
"The Fencing Master" is doing good
business at the Tivoli, the musical public
turning out well to hear the charming
numbers. Several of the cast have made
individual hits, notably among them being
Edward Webb in the part of the Duke.
Hartman has also afforded a fund of hu
mor with his topical song, and he and
Webb make a great hit with the Juliet
burlesque. Maude Williams makes a
charming fencing master. Planquette's
"Nell Gwynne" will follow.
"Becky Sharp." with Mr?. Fiske In the
title role, is still crowding: Ihe California
Theater nightly. Nothing more artistic
has been seen In town for many moons
than Mrs. Fiske's Interpretation of the
little adventuress, which is to be followed
by as widely divers* a character study,
that of "Tess." as It is possible to con
ceive of any actress undertaking. Th? sale
of peats for "Tess of the D'Urbervilles"
will begin this morning; and according to
account the title role suits Mrs. Fiske
even better than that of the brilliant
Becky.
"The Fencing Master" Continues to
Do a Good Business at the
Tivoli.
MRS. FISKE WILL BETIBE
"BECKY" IN FAVOR OF "TESS"
As soon as Mr. Hays Indicates a date,
arrangements will be made for a banquet
in his honor.
President Hays has already visited his
company's lines in Oakland, but did it
quietly and with his own officials. He
went over the local roads through Oak
land, to Berkeley and Alameda In a spe
cial train, but the people of Oakland want
to tell Mr. Hays what they think would
be of benefit T .o the company as well as
to themselves.
land, but to the corporation which Presi
dent Hays represents, to consult with
each other, for within Oakland. Alameda
and Berkeley lie the most Important local
lines owned by the Southern Pacific Com
pany. The position of Oakland In the
manufacturing world is growing and with
the improvements now in progress about
Oakland harbor the commercial element
of Oakland feels the need of a better
understanding with the railroad and
would like to meet with the new head of
the railroad company to discuss matters.
Mrs. Alanuel Pereira Locks Herself in Her House Near
Hay wards and Makes Desperate Effort to End Life.
RANCHER'S WIFE SLASHES HER THROAT
WITH RAZOR IN ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE
Richmond District.
Yesterday morning in' an endeavor to
save her favorite doir from the hands of
the poundmen Mrs. Green ensragred In a
combat with three burly ruffians, and it
was not until brute force prevailed that
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 30.— A special to
the Star from Joplin, Mo., says: A man
is under arrest here on suspicion that he
is Pat Crowe, wanted for kidnaping
young Cudahy of Omaha. He was arrest
ed for creating a disturbance, and save
his name as Johnson. The fact that he
had J300 in $20 gold pieces and that he
tried, to evade beinj? photographed led to
the belief that he Is fhe kidnaper.
James Maloney, formerly Chief of Po
lice in South Omaha, who is in Joplin,
has. however, failed to recognize the
prisoner as Crowe. Johnson is Ught-com
plexloned. He and another man named
McNeil, who was arrested with him,
have been spending ?rold freely In Joplin
for several days. They are being- held,
and their photographs have been sent to
various places. ' ' '"^\-1
Joplin Police Jail a Visitor and-Hold
Him ps the Kidnapsr of
• Young 1 Cudahy of
Omaha,
Arrest of a Missourian on
the Theory That He Is
Pat Crowa.
DISPLAY OF GOLD
CAUSES SUSPICION
TTl jrr RS. EDMUND F. GREEN, wife
/A\/\l cf tne ' ocal manager of the
IWll New Amsterdam Casualty
A V 13L Company and the Bonding and
Trust Company, who resides at
414 Clement street. Is the heroine of the
1 WIFE OF -*. WELL-KXOWX BUSINESS MAN. WiiO, WHILE TRYING TO
SAVE A FRIENDS HOUND FROM THE DOG CATCHERS, WAS BRU
TALLY HANDLED BY ONE OF THE MEN.
Business Men Want the Railroad President to Partake of
Their Cheer and Discuss Matters of Mutual Concern.
PRESIDENT C. M. HAYS IS INVITED
TO PAY FORMAL VISIT TO OAKLAND
PLEASANTON. Jan. SO.-Pleasan
tcn Is hegir:r.n:g: to n^sume some
Of Its old-time activity in the trot
tirg horse line. The time was
when all of the fast trotters in
the country wore stationed at Pleasanton.
and the track here was the winter Quar
ters for rocord breakers of a!l kinds.
Those were the\ <iavs when Pleasan;on
produced the famous '•Direct" stock, in
cluding Direct. Dircctum and Rev Direct,
when the CrelMr. A Keating stable kent
Flying Jib. Searchlight and Anaconda at
Pleasar.ton.
An effort is row being made to maki
this town the headqLirters for trotting
Ftock once more. H. F. Anderson ha"»
bought the old Pleasanton race track and
h?s spent a great deal of money upon it
by grading and working the track and
building new sht»ds and stalls. The track
has be«*n leased by the Pieasanton Train
ing Track Association, of which Mr. An
derson is principal stockholder.
The climate of Pl^asanton is particu
larly favorable for wintering, and some of
th"*> best stahles in thv country are spend
ing the winter months her*'.
Bert Webster Is jogging six horses for
At the close cf the hearing Judge Hart
remarked that from oresent Indications
the suit would end Lefore the first -of
March.
All of Engineer Rime's figures were in
troduced in evidence. The items In -his
calculations covered the minutest details
of the work. " •¦
The witness said th.-»t he had examined
the entire system of the Contra Costa Wa
ter Company and had computed the cost
of the various parts <»f " the plant. Th»
total value of the system, allowing the
standard rate of deterioration, he gave as
$2,9^0,537. This closely approximates th*»
results obtained independently by the oth
er experts already examined. Professor
Marx estimated the value at $2,f>74 701 and
Engineer Moore put it at J2.9S8. C29.
• Engineer Riffle's testimony was unique
in that it was the first given so far In the
trial to which no exceptions were taken
by counsel. The estimates were palpably
liberal, and In each case 25 per cent was
added for contingencies, in all cases he
allowed for the use of Portland cement
At yesterday's hearing it was shown that
most of the earlier >\->rk was done wit'i
Rosedale cement, which costs only half as
much-
A. p. Riffle, the witness, first cave his
credentials as an expert. His most recent
engineering experience was gained as
chief draughtsman on the Valley Rail
road. He personally superintended the
construction «f the tunnels, bridces and
pipe lines on that road between Stockton
and Point Richmond. Prior to his connec
tion with the Valley road he was employed
in constructing th<» Astoria water works,
and was for many years engineer of
bridges and buildings on the Northern
Pacific Railroad.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Bjoadway, Jan. 30. \
The third of the city's expert engineers
in the water suit testuks that the valua
tion of the Centra Costa water plant is
less, than $3,000,000, instead of *7 ,500,000, as
contended by the company.
\ '
Confirmation by an Expert of
City's . Valuation of
Water Plant.
GIVES SUPPORT
TO THE ESTIMATES
Charles Griffith, including Bonnie Direct
2:05^. Jamos Thompson has Little Thorn.
2:07 l «: Goshen Jim. 2:1034: Monica. 2:i:>-
Clipper. 2:06. and several others. Martin
Tarter of Nutwood ctack farm has Boo
lngersoll. 2:H*;. and .tome youngsters in
charco of William Cecel. A. W. Ship»e?
has a number of fine olts by Hawthorne
and Moses B. G. A. Davis has Rsv V>\.
rect. 2:10; Dollie DiKon. 2:11*4: Janice
2:13'i: Venua II. 2:ll\i. and Czarina, 2:13%*
W. R. Welch. John Blue. S. K. Trefry. J.
M. Alvlso and John Sawyer are all winter
ing at this track. Altogether there are
about 12j of the finest pieces of hor^e
flf-sh it is possible to produce anywhere.
H. F. AXCERSOX. WHO IS PUTTING THE PLEASANTOX TRACK INTO SHAPE: OXE OF THE STABLES FOR
THE ACCOMMODATION OF THE BLOODED ANIMALS, AND A NUMBER OF PROMINENT OWNERS AND
TRAINERS.
One of the Ruffians Brutally Twists Both Wrists of the Lady and
Forces Her to Release Her Hold of the Animal, Which Is
Carried Away Despite the Vehement Protests of Its Guardian
the lady was compelled to relinquish her
hold on her four-footed pet.
Mrs. Green 13 a pretty English woman,
and her home might be described as an
asylum for dumb anlmata, for she has
cats, parrots, doss. etc.. m number. These
animals are cared for with the greatest
kindness by Mrs. Green, for she is enthu
siastic oh the subject o? gentleness to
dumb creatures. A week ago her husband
asked her If she would take charge of a
young hound that was In need of & friend,
and Mrs. Green installed the animal la
the basement of her hom«. To prevent
the hound from running away, it was
chained up. Yesterday morning Mrs.
Green released the animal and allowed It
to sit by her side on the front porch of
her residence. Adjoining Mrs. Green's
home is a larga vacant lot. which i*
fenced in and on which Mr. Green has an
option. A stray dos attracted the atten
tion of Mrs. Green's hound and the ani
mal ran into the vacant lot. At that mo
ment the hated pound wagon, with its
satellites, drove up Clement street and
the poundmen jumped from their wagon
and cast their nets around Mrs. Green'3
hound and Its companion. The plucky
English woman at once sallied forth and
went to the rescue of her charge, which
was yelping loudly. She threw herself on
the net and clasped the do?, while she
informed the poundmen that they were
trespassing on private property. They did
not heed her warning, but insisted that
she give up the dog. "You are a pack of
cowards." she said, "and you would not
dare act this way if a man were here.
You shall not take my dog. He Is on our
own ground and you have no right to be
here at all."
The altercation between Mrs. Green and
the poundmen attracted a number of her
female neighbors, and these ladles all b*ar
witness to the brutal treatment accorded
to Mrs. Green by the dog catchers. One
of the ruffians, whose name could not be
learned, but who wore a bad^e, "So. 4."
seized the lady by the wrists and twisted
them until the pain forced her to release
her hold on the dog. Wltti an oath and
a brutal lau^h. the men carried the dojr
to their wagon, while friends conducted
JFrs. Green to her home. "When she was
sufficiently recovered she proceeded down
town to her husband's office. 405 Mont
gomery street, and told him of the out
rageous conduct of the poundmen toward
her.
Mr. Green at once went to the Hall of
Justice and swore out a warrant for as
sault and battery against the poundmen.
who were designated as "John Doe" and
"Richard Roe." The warrants were given
to the police for service. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Green are determined to do all in
their power to punish the dog catchers
for their brutal conduct. When seen last
evening. Mrs. Green exhibited a number
of bruises on her arms and wrists, the
result of the rough handling she had re
ceived.
MRS. EDMUND GREEN STRUGGLES WITH THREE
BURLY POUNDMEN WHO TRESPASS ON PRIVATE
PROPERTY AFTER A HOUND IN HER CHARGE
J. B. Haggrin was the largest purchaser
in point of numbers to-night. In all
fifty-two head of horses were sold for a
total of J15S.400, or $3046 15 apiece.
millionaire. j
In all the catalogue Includes the eight j
thoroughbred stallions. 107 brood mares j
and seventy-six race horses in training. !
1 he first animal to.be offered was the)
famous stallion Hamburg. . When the ;
stallion was brought into the ring the btd- j
ding commenced ' at 125,000. It was im- •
mediately raised by cne bid to $40,000. then H
to J41.000 and next-'to $15,000. Here the j
figure stood for a moment and then ad- I
vanced by easy stages to 35S.000 and final- y
ly to JGO.COO. For that sum the horse at '¦
last was sold to William C. Whitney, be- j
ing bid in by John F. Madden, who j
formerly sold Hamburg to Mr. Daly. The j
principal opposing bidder was J. B. Hag- j
gin, the California horseman, owner of j
the famous stud at Roncho del Paso.
Hamburg, a son of Hanover and Lady i
Reel, was foaled In 1895 and was pur- '
chased by Mr. Daly from John Madden ',
at the reported prire of $41,000. As a two- j
year-old he. won twelve out of sixteen j
starts, was second three times and third i
once. The next season he lost the Bel- J
mOnt stakes to Bowling Broke by a close
margin, but Immediately after began a
phenomenal series of successes, during
which he won the First Special at Graves
end, the Swift and Realization at Sheeps
head Bay and the Brighton cup at Brigh
ton Beach. He was retired as a three
year-old and placed in the stud.
, The following horses brought $500 or
over:
Hamburg, b. s.. 1S93, William C. Whitney,
jeo.oeo.
Tammany, ch. h., 1SS9, Michael Murphv,
Philadelphia. WO.
Halhampt'ju. Imported, b. h.. 1S31. J. H. Hag
ein. tS',1'0
Ogdon. lmrorted. br. h.. 1S94. William lake
land. New York. %V2(,Q.
I«tJor. iir.D'Tted, ch. h., 1S34, G. F. Smith,
N>w York, UOm.
The Pepper, ch. h., 1SS3. S. C. Clyne. Lex
, incton. Ky., *2GCO. . i
Annct Ljrle. Imported, b. m.. 1893. John I
Bodon. New York. JSCO. !
Asceticism. Imported; br. m., -1S?'<), Eugene
Fithcr, Paris, Ky., $s50. ;
; AVe Mario, ch. m.. 1S<*3. J. B. Hagrjtln. JiOOQ. I
i Ayrshfre Kose. Imported, ch. m.. 1S!«2, J. B.
FI«"h«T. Part?. Ky.. *3SM>.
Belinda, b. re., 1*95, John Boden, $500.
Belle of Bu't»\ b. m.,,lS<«, Wilson Thomp
pon, Now York, $7*0.
Barrt(5ale. b. m.. 1S94. J. n. HaRKln. XVW.
Settle Blalee. blk. m., 1SS3. Michael Murphy.
jrwo.
' Black Cap, Imported, b. m., 1S93, • Eugeno
FiJhor, ?1'C«. -
Roise. imported, b. m.. 1«34. J. B. HagrBin.
J4COO.
BrltiFh IT.ue Bloort. blk. m.. 1S3O. John Mad
don. New York. Jio:o.
Buttermore. imported, blk. m., 1SS4. J. B.
Haggln. $2icn. .
Goutte d'Or, Imported, b. m.. 1SSS, John MaJ
den. r<CO«.
Greenwich, b. m., 1S39. John Madden. J1000.
Gwendoltn, Imiwrtcd, b. m., 1S91, John Koden,
J400O.
Heart of Midlothian, ch. m.. 1S3T. J. B.
Hacgin. »!CCO.
Caaseopia. Imported, ch. m., 1S94, J.- II. Hstcr
gin. JfllOO.
Castalla. ch. m., 18M. W. C. Whitn«y, »260>>.
• Cockernony. Imported, ch. m.. 1S94, J. B.
. Hanin. $6jf!O.
Coalesce. Imported, b. m.. 1SS1. Michael Mur
phy. J22GO.
Contradiction, imported, b. m., 1SS7, Wilson
Thompson. ?«00.
Crisis, imported, b. m.." 1S93. J. B. Haircln.
J2100. *
Dartway, imported b. m., 1S9«, J. B. Haggln
?41C0.
Dartte, b. m., J. B. Haspin, $:iC«.
Desayune, imported, br. m., 1S34, C. B.
RkcI, Gallatln. Tfiin.. $1CCO.
rvrusllla. Imported, b. m., 1SS!». J. n. Hag
gin, $3100.
Garterle??. b. m.. 1S37. J. B. Hanxln. $2100.
Fleur d'Or, b. m., ISST, John E. Madden,
J1CC0.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— Notwithstanding
the storm to-night hundreds' of persons <
gathered in Madison Square Garden !
to witness or take part in. the general dls
posal sale of the horses from the Bitter !
Root • Stock Farm of. the late' Marcus,
Daly of Montana." The sale is to con- j
tlnuo to-morrow and Friday and com- 1
prises practically all of the famous hor?es i
gathered v.'lth infinite pains and with no j
regard for money In the stable of the late •
He Is Finally Purchased by a Repre
sentative of W. C. Wnitney ,
for a Princely '
Sum.
Bidding for the Famous
Stallion at New York
Is Spirited.
HAMBURG GOES
FOR $60,000
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1901. C
H. F. Anderson Purchases the Old Racecourse and Expends a Large
Amount of Money Putting It Into Proper Shape — Some of the
Leading Stables of the Country Spending the Winter There
COMPANY IS MAKING EFFORTS TO BRING BACK
TO PLEASANTON, FORMER HOME OF FAST RACERS,
ITS ONE-TIME GLORY AS A HORSE CENTER
: Last year there were imported Into the
United States over one -billion grains of
auinine. costing over $1,500,000.
9
S. F.. December 4. i*S>— Dr. Won* Him. 113-
117 Mason st.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For th*
benefit of others I wish to make a statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
ing* with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing* of Dr. Won*
Kim. and his wonderful cures. I decided to trv
his herb treatment. He did all be claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well and
strenr. Tours/ respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. X0S7 Mission «.. 8. T.
December IS. 1MO— This Is to certify that I
wa« suffering for fifteen years from Bright 't
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
tide. I tried a nomber-of doctors and varioua
remedies without affording me any relief. That
six months ago t applied to Dr. Wong- Him o{
llS-117 Mason street. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I write this in
my appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. acd that
ether sufferers rtay b« relieved, and I win b»
glad to certify to this In person to any on*
that may call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOH-V ALLANSON.
Orchard avenue." Elmhunt. Alameda Co.. Cal.
rffyW^S SAX FRANCISCO.. Oct.
/*5 *« *. 1300 — To whoaa It may
€««¦'¦'*£» concern: This U to certify
\M* I that t> R - WONG HIM c;
VTCC r 113-117 Mason street. San
m/ A,^ / Francisco, has cured m«
2£j*£i ? ot k ' <lne y trcubis «n<i
0§£~^ / rheumatism and I am
J&Z?*~. -A^. happy to rr.ahe this state-
y^T^r J5nw mer.t. as I find the Doctor
yifg^Nf ircS&V** •fictly honest fa every
•^kf.TPSKftYit* »*«*« of tie wcrd and an
•*•*¦"« *»Sl-r** honorable man in all hu
dealings. DR. C A. OAT. Dentist. 903 Seccnd
ave., Seattle, Wash.
TO THE PUBLIC!
GBAPE-NTJTS.
ARCHITECT'S FOOD.
Grape-Nuts Turned Into Big Build-
ings.
The duties cif an architect are bo multi-
tudinous, looking after the thousand and
one details required in the construction of
large buildings, that many of them cuffer
from the constant mental application and
require the best of food to keep up their
wrrk. The chief 'draughtsman in the
rffice of R. T. Newberry. architect, at
:r.T New York Life Building-. Chicago, by
name. Henry C. Hengels, says:
"After nine months' constant applica-
tion in the preparation of the necessary
plar.s and details for the large hotel
kr.own as the Post Tavern and the Post
Building, at Battle Creek, as well as sev-
eral other large institutions, I found my-
self in a very debilitated and dyspeptic
condition and unfit for work.
"Instead of medical treatment I used
Crape-Nuts food In place of the usual
breakfast cereals. The first few days
gave great encouragement, and after a
week's use. quite an appreciable improve-
ment manifested Itself. Since then, daily
Cfe has entirely restored the digestive
functions to their natural healthy condi-
tion, and I have gained about one pound
p<"T week. I am now entirely well and
etrong again and am able to apply my-
felf to work with more than usual vigor.
I consider Crape-Nute a most valuable
food for all brain workers. The help
this food has given me is incalculable."
There has been discovered by the Stata
Medical Institute. 333 Electron building. Fort
Ways*. Ind.. tha most remarkable Blood Pol-
fton cure ever heard of. It has cured all such
indications as mucous patches In the mouth,
soro throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
ulcerations of the bedy, and in hundreds of
cases where the hair aad eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole skin waa a mass of bolls,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful 'specific has
completely changed the whole body Into a
ilean, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running; Into Fort Wayne bring*
scores of sufferers seeking this new aad mar-
velous cure. and. to enable those who cannot
travel to realize what a truly marvelous work
the Institute la accomplishing they will send
free to every sufferer a free trial treatment, so
that every one can cure themselves In the pri-
vacy of their own home. This is tha only
known cure for Blood Poison. Do not hesi-
tate to write at once and the free trial will be
sent sealed in plain package.
to Even Help.
All Other Treatments Failed
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of the DIsoas?.
A Trial Treatment Sen: Free to All
Cures Blood Poison
ADV ERTI&EMTWIS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THCJRSD AY, JANUARY 31,) 1901.
10
FURNITURE' WANTED. "
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
I etc.. see W. IS. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33S3.
Auctioneer— UVlncent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys vour ¦ furniture. " carpets,
pianos, -etc. 1135 Market, St.; tel. Jessie .741.;-:
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
I price ' for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELP W ANTED— KEJIALB. ?
WANTED— An intelligent woman about 30
for high grado position; must have references.'
' Box:.HJ7. Call office."- : .¦¦¦> « --
EXPERIENCED colored lady. , married, for
light chamber, work, 3 or 4 hours dally; wages
$S._ CTS Howard St.. ; . ' . . .
WANTED- Girl to asxlst with . light . upstairs
-. work, take care of tcby 2 years old; refer-
i.ence;;call In morning. ; 1521 , Vallejo st.
"WANTED— Neat '¦ young girl : for plain - cooking
and assist^ with housework; small family!
, gocd- home. Call 1335. Geary St.. , : ; . - ¦¦¦-
GIRL for general housework; small' family; ref-
erences required.. Call Thursday, 1420 O'Far-
v rell ' st. ¦;; ¦- -r ; , _. /_..--.- " :':,.' 0 :"-.-"¦ '.-
SALESLADIES! for the sale at A.^CAILLEAU~
111-116 Kearny st. Apply before 12 o'clock;:-
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 40, with No. 1
¦ range. - Klne Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
BIIXES AND MINING.
LEARN something this week about Montezuma
?S. p ."£ r U £*'" Si^vJC 00 Information. AMErI
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO.. selling
fcgents. 310 Safe Deposit building. «». F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machTneryT~Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a larce stock of ealcon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue. _^
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, ' en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
A PAIR of beautiful quartz sleeve buttons for
$S? cost originally $13. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
FOR Sale— $125; young, etrong, stylish work or
carriage horse: dark color. 2701 Twentieth
St.. corner Hampshire.' . ¦
FOR sale— Dental parlors and outfit- for cash:
call between 9 and 12 a. m. SIEBERST, 781
Valencia st. '¦
A— JO-TON Howe wanon -scale: compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
2 CLOTHES cases. 1 counter. 1 des.k, 2 laundry
stoves. .. 1320 Van Ness ave. :
SFVERAL dozen laying- her.s at Berkeley. For
.acidrtsa write bcx 1453. Call office.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shafting
..it a bararatn. C34 Mission st.' ¦ ¦
ALEXANDER & CO.; 110 Montgomery st., sell
• at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS «econd-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and . sold. . KROGH MFQ. Co.
ID-HAND steam, gas,; oil.' water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 61S Mission.
RARE CHANCE. . ,
Brand new and elegant furnishings of mod-
ern 7-room flat for sale at a, bargain; sun all
day; centrally located: rent of flat $30; all
cash not required If responsible. Inquire Gil-
bert & Moore Stor. Co., Murphy big, 1236 Mkt.
THE furniture of 6-room flat; must be sold at
. once. Box 1308, Call office.
FUnNITIIRB FOR SALE.
$H— SUNNY flat. 6 large rooms ; bath : gas ;
large yard. 3330 Nineteenth Bt., between Noe
and Sanchez. - •: '..-.- ----- — ¦¦
$10 — FLAT of 3 rooms; yard; modern Improve-
ments; no -children. : 61S Webster st.
SACRAMI3NTO. | 1365—2 bay-window flats of 3
rooms; gas; rents $12 CO and $7.
SUNNY lower flat, 3 rooms ' and yard. 1622B
.Howard St., bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth.
IF you want to move get printed list flatstolet
from BALDWIN &HGWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat. 8 rooms,' bath;. good order. 1128
Howard St., near Seventh. . • .
AGEXTS WAXTED.
AOENTS — Do you want something more proflt-
cble and easier tn sell than books or insur-
ance? Afld. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
! AGENT in every town: new imported house-
hold necessity: beFt thing en the coast.
Address Dundee Mfg. <7o., 14 Flood bldg.. S.F.
CAPABLE er.pr£T-?tio ap»>nts for city and bay
towus to represent reliable business. Ad-
-Iffs box 142S. Call orflce.
AGENTS w.int*Nj for 1 srood Felling patent.
Park Hotel. !•€ and "* Turk «t.
AGENTS to p»il a new invention. Room SO, !
Cclumbinn builuing. s-16 Market Et. I
LADY cr gentleman to take orders; good open-
ine f.->r right yiarty. S17 Post st.
•ADOPTION.
HEALTHY baby for adoption. MRS. DR."
FUNKE. W6 Eirhth rt.. Alatneda. ¦ ---¦
ASPHAXTCM KOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER^ aVrhan roofing! sidewalks re-
pair*><3; postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fr«*e: divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without fuccpss: collections. G. W.
HOWK. Btty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FKANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills W-.. r. 3. «th fir.; tel. Red 3618.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, tit". Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Ereai Spreckels bldg.. 927 Maj-
Icet «t. : consultation free: no fees In adrance.
BATH CABINETS.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
*Ele. 1C3< P<Mj!t Lottos ave.
i. =
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^$27r.O: SALOON, few doers south of Market
et. ; place kept by owner 12 years and is do-
ing a good business; Flcknr-ss only cause of
rale; net rent $C5. ir.quirAR. G. WILKE. 26!4
Kcarry Bt.
X — $7i0; SALOON; rent $36; place do'n? a busi-
ness of $TuO per month: patronized by sailors
and 6ol<2i';rs; about $300 cleared in 3D days.
Call It. G. WILKE, 2CU Kearny st. ]..;'.
A— $1000: tea, coffee and crockery Etore, on
Stockton Bt.; rent $5^; living rooms; fixtures
r.nd stock trill Invoice the price; owner en-
iraccd otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE. 2€14
Kesrny et.
A— $:.G0; CANDY and icecream parlor; rent $25;
a place estat!. years and doing a good busi-
ness; owner compelled to leave city at once;
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny tt.
A— $SO0; CORNER butcher shop. In northern
part of city; rent $2<>; horse.% cart; selling 4
cattle and about li *h«-«p per week; a cash
custom. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«V4 Kearny st.
A— $3500; WINE and liquor business In Oakland,
with agency for one of the largest wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of j>r4va.te customer*: located on prln-
rlpal gtreet/N:»I R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny. <
A— 5*00: CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
et.; rent $30; place ostab. 20 rears; must sell,
cs owner wiu.is to retire and give long ieas«
S' to right party. It. O. WILKE. 2gyfc Kearny.
A— $1200: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
close to Union Iron Works; rent $G0; 4 years'
lease; a first-class, paying business; owner
mart leave' for N. Y. to Fettle estate: inves-
tigate and make offer. R. U. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny st.
FIRRT-CLAfS eaJoon; elegant fixtures; must
Fell be!orc February 1: owner must go north-
trial given; ea«y term*; Fee this bargain.
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.
To buy, ee'.l or exchange real rotate, ftcre cr
business rla.ee call on II. C. DECKER. 1K0
Market st. No charge for advertising.
liOTEL »n<l bar near Union Iron Works; cheap
rent; offer wanted. DECKER. 1CI0 Market st.
A—WE sell the *arth and all things appurte-
nant thereto. Do you want a ;.'
JtooT^lnic-house. best in city
Jtefctatiraois at nl', prices.............
IJarb^r Khop, 5 cha'.rs, cheap
Ard larpe list of oth-rs. DONALD INVEST-
MENT CO.. £50 Market st.
«3>iv^SALOON: No. 1 location: fin* flxtuics;
full value. MCLAUGHLIN. 777^ Market Et.
5«.<>^_riGAR Ftore: sood stock and trade; bar-
pain. Mclaughlin. 777:4 Market Ft. ¦
J, — WA NTE D — A rood tenant for Brand corner
Ftore and basement, v.ith fixtures suitable for
iroer'-v butln'-": Filial inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. CE7 Market Et. . t :
r>" ? r"SSM\*CI**G parlors, estaiiilnhed 15 years;
1-rrr 'list* wealthy patrols; paying business;
JnvertiK^te. Newell fc Carter, 721 Laguna-tt.
.,,»•« rSTAULIFHED watch and Jewelry re-
£'? S> for rale: low rent: centrally, lo-
ratcd. Afidrcis box H«S. Call effice. . .
«»
FLATS TO LET.
TO let— New flats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; S and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister St. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
¦ 14 Montgomery st. /
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; sunny; no children.- — r'-" 1 '
LOVELY modern fiat of 6 rooms, bath and
yard. 2570 Seventeenth St., near Guerrero.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, bath and cellar. In-
quire 1308 Powell Ft., bet. Broadway and Pa-
clllc; rent $15.
FEATHEH PILLOWS.
HOTELS and -private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest Far.it ary process may: address
FFATHKR FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
HELP WAXTED MALE. .
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S13
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Choreman, private place ¦ .$23
Choreman, ranch, kill hogs and sheep. .$25, K0
Assistant milker, run separator $25
Farmer nnrt wife for orchard, see boss here:
6 plow teamsters and .farm hands. $26 and
$30; 4 men to cut stove wood, Napa County,
tools furnished; buggy , washer, $60: chore
boys; German hotel butcher. $33; cook, small
place. 2.'.c fare, $40. MURRAY £ READY,
631-636 Clay St. - ¦ ¦
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
¦ Baker and. pastry cook, hotel, $60; second
cook, hotel, $00; second cook, country hotel,
$40; roast cook and broiler, hotel. $70; short
order cook, restaurant, south, $16 a week;
German waiter, -country hotel, $30; polisher
and starcher, country, $35.
English couple as coachman and cook, pri-
vate place, country: 2 Swiss milkers, country,
$.7). CR. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A-WANTED
Camp dishwasher, $20 and found; milker,
country. $25; teamster for orchard, $25; farm-
er, south. $30 and fare; woodchoppers, $1 50
a cord. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay et.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2tt Montgomery, rm. 12.
Cook for officers' mess, miners' boarding-
house, SCO, see boss here.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment: only recognized union. ' 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Eernard, Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 153.
WANTED— Young single man as entry clerk
in a wholesale dry goods house; state refer-
ences and salary wanted. Address W. H.,
box 1406. Call office. ¦ • „
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy -and i>ush;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
OIL expert wants man used to . roughing . It
with : some capital; fortune to right- man.
Box 1487. Call of flee. - ¦
WANTED-pAn experienced rent collector: lib-
eral compensation. Apply to A. J. RICH &
CO... real estate,- 112 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Steady man to assist in plain cash
business; will pay $15 to $1S per week; $100
cash required. 1016 Market St., room 10.
A — 10 roofers, non-union: no office, fees. -. Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
YOUNG man as porter in saloon and help be-
hlnd the bar. 1335 Market st. •
$150— STEADY man as partner for corner 1 sa-
; - loon. Particulars 247 Fifth St., cigar store.
; WANTED— Barber for' Saturday and Sunday.
Call Thursday. 2S9 Seventh st. •¦ ¦
"WANTED — First-class carriage striper. B;
GRAVE CO./ 421 Pacific st. ¦ ¦ ¦ »
BOY to run errands, etc. FREYGANG-LEARY
.CO..' 113 Davis St.
SHEEPSKIN- cutters; steady. Carson Glova
¦ Co., 35 Market at.
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
RE1SS BROS. CO.. 24 Sutter Bt. • .
SOLICITOR wanted; $5 a. week and commis-
slon. 1421 Point Lobos ave. . .
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply CO East St. .
TAILOR: or presser at Olympla Renovatory.
E 32 Setter -Bt.- ¦¦¦-¦" ,. ; - ¦ - .".."•¦
WANTED— Good night cook. . 1550 Market St.
sYOUNG man,' German preferred, as beer tap-
per; call bet., 10 and 12. 1053 Market St.
MAN to work around place. 1443 Harrison st.
WANTED— Walter to carry trays and do porter
I ' .work.' : 37 - Eddy st. "
1 WANTED— Machinists, bench and lathe hands,
$3 60 per day, at Keswlck. • Shasta Co.-; Cal.
WANTED— An experienced marker and • dls-
. trlbutor. Apply at : onco i at Vallejo Steam
¦ Laundry, Vallejo. .-.-_¦ ..-'-•.-• -..*:. ¦
EOT for factory; good "opportunity to advance.*
,; Address box 14S1, : Call ¦ office. . : .— . "
GET your 1 shoes - half -soled ! while .waiting; 1 2So
to EOc. EC2 Mission St.. > bet. 1st -and 2d sts...-
."WANTED— Al* refractlonlst graduate optician;
1 salary, ?120 per, month. Address box 1402, CalL'
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market St.: individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
>ear got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
rhip guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for qur 1 f.nlpnts
during the post 5'months: catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F\
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
**horthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 2» Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. : day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tlons guaranteed to It by written 'contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduate;. 305 Larkin st.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦
MINING school of H.Hirsching, 334 Kearny «t.,
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxlva-
tlon, mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
MATHEMATICS, languages, preparation for
college and civil service; backward pupils
taught: experience; credentials. Box 1358. Call.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldff.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: estf 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
THE Silvan Guitar Book, by X>. Mansfield; Just
out; 135 pretty and easy pieces; at the music
Etores. • -
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher, 100S Mission st."
FRENCH.Spanlsh.*tc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
of languages, 320 Post; estab'dlS71; ablest profs.
HUKSON, School Shorthand. Typihg, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
. etc. ; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. j
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help fum. ; domestic servants;, work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. : est.
1S70: practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Pfvlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135. .
JAPANKSE and Chinese employment office;
best help. E26 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.>
RELIABLE Ja'panese-Chlnese employment, of-
fice-all klndz help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
A B C EMPLOYMENT, Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur., 644 California; phone James 2601.'
C'RPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese. Chi-
I nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
! Bm help. 41U-4 O'Farrell ?t: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AJGKD American woman wishes situ^
atlon doing llpht housework for 2 or 3 adults
without washing or ehamberwork. • Apply 1
Martha place, off Geary St., between Mason
and Taylor.
A < RELIABLE woman with boy 4 years ; old
wishes a position as waitress or to do any
kind of housework; country preferred; can
- furnish . references. Bex : 14S6, Call office. •
A STRONG woman wants house-cleaning,' mov-
4 Ing or office work by r day. 1474: Fifth st.,
room 4. KsffiSpfcaB^yiSiiJMUKJUU iUJll
I EXPERIENCED young woman wants position
I an chambermaid; city or country.. Box 1490,
j Call oino\ . : ¦ . . , •
; A NEAT young Swedish girl wishes a situation
' «b waitress and • parlor maid in private fam-
I ily. Address HANKINSEN, 437 O'Farrell St.
j AN Ohio lady ivlshei? a home as .'housekeeper/
! - Box 14t9, Call office..' '
FIRST-CLASS laundress by day; good hand on
• children's clothes. J.B., box 14S8, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1096
•Valencia st. ¦ *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22CO Flllmore.
A CHINESE boy, very good cook, with good
references, wants position with family In
city or country. Address box 1305. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia street.
JAPANESE wants a position as cook or waiter
In small family: good experience; work faith-
fully. J. M., 121 Haight St., phone Fell 7931.
WANTEE) — Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er In gen. mdse. store In country by reliable
American: clngle: 30 yrs. ape; 12 yrs. experi-
'enee; Rood refs. Address L. F., box 1223, Call.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter, builder and finisher
wishes position: is steady and has best of
references. 4047 Seventeenth st.
A SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants sit-
uation t - dishwasher or kitchen hand in
small hotei, boarding-house or restaurant.
Address bor. Hv". Call office.
PAPERHANGER and tinter, first-class, wants
v.-ork: has tools. Box 1364, Call office.
WOOD pattern-maker wishes situation. Ad-
dress F. W. BOLAND, Golden *West Hotel.
WOMAN or girl; general housework: $15 a
month: sleep home. 131A O'Farrell st.
WANTED — An experienced waitress; no qther
need apply. 113 Turk st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
in factory. 723 Market St.. room ES.
PROSPECTOR wants grub stake: understands
placer and quartz. Address room 305, Win-
chester Hotel.
GERMAN waiter, aged 24, " wants position.
Box 14£8. Call office. ,
WANTED— German girl for general house-
work. Apply 414 Van Ness ave, bet. 9 & 12.
WANTED— A young woman for cooking and
general housework. 403 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED-
learning.
-Apprentice eirl on coats; pay while
Hi Russ st.
MEDICAL. /V*--"
VlC G. W. CDONNELL. moved to 1018 Market."
opp. Bth; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
Fafe. reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. .\'ter all others fail call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed: when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; 16 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed: $» at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
eult free. 942 Pest st.. bet; Hyde and Larkin.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists: 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps^ clr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
clallst: safe and sure cure. $5; best care; low
*fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles*
specialists; new process; sure cur«; no medi-
clr.e-.cvery woman her own physician. 323Kearny
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. £04 Eddy st.
advice free. .04 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
MATTRES^S AN^plLLOWsTtel; South 792?
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: fine up-
holstery: expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 320 Eleventh st. •
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1SS7;. reliable & con-
fidential; lists. 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
A BRANCH office for Call Advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions
received at Call branch of tic. 2200 Filmora st.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market et.
Wanted— Old gold fcr manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
LOST— English beagle bitch. Return to E. D.
FEIL. 4104 California st. and get reward.
BOAT found at Bakers Beach. Address box
69, Presidio.
LOST— Small chamois bag with $50 In gold In-
closed. Return to 911. Van Ness ave. ; liberal
¦ reward.
LADIES' gold watch, between S26 OTarrell
st. and Market. Finder please return to 826
O'Farrell St.; suitable reward.
LOST— A pocketbook containing pap«r of value
to owner only; owner's name on purse. Re-
turn to 25 New Montgomery st. ; reward.
LOST AXD FOU5D.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.'
ANT person having v«e for a piano can b« ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to chocse from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stetnway any ilra*
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $3 cash an.!
$8 p«r month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land^
A— GUILD square $17
Novella upright r. 73
Marshall & Wardell small upright 135
3 Stelnway9 $123. S1S3. 290
2 Chickerings $113, 2B5
.1 Heine (over 5000 in use) 233
30 new pianos at $152. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary St.. agents Hallet it Davis, oldest,
exclusive and most famous piano in exist-
ence. Our new rent contract, you have priv-
ilege to exchange or return piano if not sat-
isfied. Old pianos taken tn exchange, Hallet
& Davis preferred.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hon«*
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
23 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and]
, all other musical Instruments of all grade*
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every*
thing possible dene to please and satisfy th»
customer.
S ORGANS, from *25 to $60.
S second-hand pianos, from $73 to S113.
4 new uprights, rrcm $150 to $195.
Guaranteed; easy payments. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON, 16-13-20 OTarrell St.:
Chickerlng agency.
FOR full particulara of the great piano »at«»
now roing on at MAUVAIS' music stor* read
the display advertisement In the Bulletin tn-
day. In the meantime go to the store. 783
Market st.. and s»e the beautiful assortment
of pWknos to select from.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; standard make;
sacrifice: leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
ON SALE— $235: Hallet-Davis upright: cost
$S73. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
1 HIGH-GRADE piano* : St-ck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ, 18 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLT new jrrand uortght cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 215 McAllister st.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storage:
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MACZT, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Manzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 303 Post
SPECIAL SALE— Imm^nsA reductions: see our
leader, only $130. BRUENN. 20S Post st.
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new: bargain; cwner
leaving city.- 2233 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market ft.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In cUyl.new pianos. « per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and imw. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tn« Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address !n the*
United States cr Canada one year for tU
postage paid.
OFFICES A\D STORES TO LET.
CORNER store — West corner Fonrth and Perry
sts.; occupied as grocery and bar for past
30 years: rent $20: water free. Apply to O.
H. UMBSEN fc CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
POWELL, 143—2 elgeant suites of offices, partly
film.: unltahle for drytT*. d>ntlnti». laflrtwu. .
OIL.
R.no SHARES of Occidental Oil Company of
West Virginia for sale: cheap. Inqulr* 433
Thirty-eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OUR Information is at yoor disposal: if you ar»
uncertain what oil stock to buy call or writ*
us. HALLOCK & CONNOLLY. 439 Parrot Bd.
ANY part of 60C0 acres of oil land, near Oil
City. for'»al» *t $1 25 per acr». Address or
see O.. 1413 Call building. San Francisco.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. SK> Pino street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2500 ACRES oil land; S3 to t30<* per acrev W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood' building.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KKTtN Rl-rer: proven territory: line of R. R.
N>wtnn. Carmen ft- Ponv»«. r. 1<M. Chmnlcl»
PAIXTERS AXlk DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. S3
up. Jensen & Bath.308 Sixth st. :open evenings.
¦- '^ PALMISTRY^
FREE class In scientific palmistry opens for
work Friday. Feb. 1, at C'btrotoglcal College.
J09 Powell st.: students wishing to begin will
receive first lesson free; terms reasonable.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tei. Black 581.
PATE5TS AXD PE-\S1O5S.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSOXALS.
FRED MANN, magnetic therapeutist. 843 Mc-
Allister—Head troubles, weak eyes, falling
' tight, ear complaints cured; without medicine.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wova rugs, silk portieres; dealer. In.
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 708 Fifth. Oakland.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 357 Jeasla at.
PRIVATE detective work; skillful lnveitlr*-
tor; low rates. Box 133S, Call oMc*,
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1590:
removed to 419 Devlsadero st.. te!. Fell 135.
HOUSE CLEAMXG.
A WETNURSE: must be a strong, healthy
woman. Box 1466, Call office. ,
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators on
shirts. BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 19 Battery.'
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
WANTED— By a young man, good cook, work
at anything; city or country; will work for
board and room. Box 1479, Call office.
WANTED— Position to learn to clerk In shoe
store by country young man of good habits.
Apply E. HENRY, 812 Kearny st.
SOBER* man wants position as night clerk In
hotel or rooming-house; good reference. Ad-
. dress box 1474, Call office.
YOUNG man would like position in wholesale
house; speaks German; good references. Ad-
dress box 147L Call office.
WANTED— Milliner; head trimmer: state ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 1477, Call.
YOUNG man would like position as barkeeper's
assistant: object to learn bartending. S., 946
Howard St., room 20.
2S.-ROOM house, clearing $150
per month. Price only $14">0
S5-room house, near O'Farrell and Powell.
Price only J1S0O
EO-room boarding-house; clears $400 tZOCO
100-room house: best on earth SO0O
16-room house, clears $100; price...' 750
86-room house; clears $100; Pine st S50
16 rooms: north of Market st 750
50-room boarding-house; clears $300 #5000
10-room flat; downtown £00
14 rooms; on Mission st 500
I.G rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
15 rooms; on Third st COO
4(> rooms: fine corner; clears $200 3500
24 rooms; on Geary St.; clears $150 1900
25 rooms; on Kearny St.; clears $150 1600
33 rooms; on 'Market st 1400
1C rooms; clears $75 450
I SCO others— Prices from $100 to J25.00O.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER, 1C20 Market; phone Mint 796.
EAMPLES— Call for list. Money loaned.
62 rooms; Bush; rent $13.".; price.... $3000
£S rooms; Powell: rent ?-00; price 31C0
40 rooms< Ellis; rent 2J0; price COM
37 rooms; Powell: rent 17J; price 1900
17 rooms; Van Ness; rent 90; price 1600
12 rooms; Mason; rent 35; price.... 325
7 rooms: Hyde; rent 23; price 350
42 rooms: best paying location In the city: al-
ways full; 4 cash, balance at 1 per cent; $4000.
Lodging-house wanted for good as new all
modern home. 3 blocks from steam & electric.
And houses all locations, sizes and prices.
; Restaurant for sale or exc. for Idg-house.
; A. L. WILLEY. 91C Mkt.. phone Black 5215.
MARION GRIFFIN. MONEY TO LOAN.
719 Market; near Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03.
10 rooms, rent $35; Income $60 $400
14 rms.,cor.G.G.ave., rent $40; respectable 600
15 rms., cor.; rent $53. Income $130, 1 floor;
J300 down and 1 per cent interest on b. SCO
23 rooms, rent $40, income $116 700
27 rooms, velvet carpets; oak and cherry;
respectable; clears $174 month; snap.
40 rooms; rent $100; a bonanza 1600
&0 rooms; fine as silk; clears $1S5 2000
A new house cf G rooms full of roomers,
new furniture and fine carpets 7000
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
Telephone Mint 1391
47 rooms; Al location; part cash $2700
€0 rooms; north of Market 2700
26 rooms; sunny corner '. 2100
£1 rooms; worth $2^X); reduced to 1300
20 rooms; corner (new); rent $65... 1300
It ROOMS; 5350 cash, balance $10 per mon.;
price $G;0. WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have ;
largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; can
suit all buyers; employ 5- persons who are j
dally adding new houses to list; title given
with each house sold; money loaned buyer*;
no fake prices; value given for your mone?;
before buying call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. 917 Market St.. tel. Mint 1911.
WINDSOR HOTEL
By order from court we are authorized to sell
the Windsor Hotel, corner Market and Fifth
6t«., San Francisco, to the hlghost and best
bidder: contains $1G5 rooms: rent $600; lone
lea*e: fine buctnttfs; nicely furnished. DAVIS
& RIVES. Columbian bldg.. S16 Market st.
CO ROOMS; newly furnished: rent $150 $3000
27 rooms; money-maker; near Market.... WOO
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely fum.; extra.. 850
13 rooms ; Leaven worth; rent $57 50 900
10 rooms, ?< r .0: 10 rooms, quick SSO
FISHER A CO.. 1032 Market et.
CALL and see. our list of bargains in houses:
we have them in any part of the city and at
nny price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth st. .
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny St.. room
C — Big bargain list in office; money loaned;
clear tlti*: houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny et.. rm. 6.
$700—17 ROOMS: good- furniture; rent $26:
clears $50 month; n~3fi sell; no agents
wanted. Box 1475. Call.
$550-24 ROOMS: fine location; well furnished;
all rented: low rent- BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
h!alnn: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 41S Sntter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
. less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
cultF, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl. ev's.
Ocme and be convinced. Permanently located.
C13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and L:irl:ln: no sign.
KARL EBERHARDT— Spiritual test meeting
to-night, 10c. 3250 Twenty-second St., bet.
Mifslon nnd Valencia.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing te*t circle to-
night. COS McAllister St.; 10c; come, wkcptlca.
MRS. LESTER— Reading?, HOc; circle every eve,
ex. Sat., 10c; devel. circle Wed; eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. GILLINGHAM— Houre. 9 to 4: meetings
Tuea.. Thur.. Bun. ; devel. Frl. eve. 3CG Larkin.
MRS. VICARS' test meeting to-night, 10c; aloo
Friday. S p. m.; sittings dally. US Cth. r. 83.
MEETING to-night. S; readings 1-5: 25c and 50c
this v.-rek only. 122S Howard. MAXWELL.
EARLE. 3C-5 Taylor E t.. corner .Ellls-Slttlngs
dally; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MRP. WEST, wonderful m«Hum and. healer;
1 readings dally. 10 to JO. 1104 Market, room 14.
I MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, .trance, 1 bus. medium.
j life reader. nW. clairvoyant. .1164 O'Farrell.
j MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual . medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy. st. . ¦ .
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S3 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sinless dally; tests to aM to-nicht: lCc.
C. JIayo-Steers. 112t4 Oak. - trance medium:
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. in.; tel. 'Howard 517.
ONLY experienced operators on ladles' waists.
S. F. Manufacturing Co., 409 Turk st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on ladles'
waists. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market St.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HOTEL for sale — 145 rooms; clears $iW> every
month; price to suit. DECKER, 1020 Market.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
(3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
fcr 20 years; crowns, J2 50; fillings. COc; plates,
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
woriderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, EOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentikts have moved to MS
Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. COc.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 230 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
•mlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. S.. 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor: crown and brldgework.
VAN VROOM — "Patnlejss"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st ¦
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers cf the UNION TRUST COMPANY of
San Francisco will be held at the office of
the company in the Union Trust Company's
butlfitrg. roraer Montgomery, Post and Mar-
k< . sts.. San Francisco. Cai.. on MONDAY,
the 4th day of February. 1901. at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of fleeting
f. board cf directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
th« company and the transaction of such
clher business as may come before the meet-
ing. I. HELLMAN JR.. S«»cretary.
California Debris Ccmmis*ion. having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
rrocfss from Peter H. Russell. In the Dad's
Guloh mine, near Camj'tcnville, Yuba Co..
to deposit tailings in Brandy Creek; from
Wm. Abbctt ar.d Louis W. Clark, in the
Gold Hill placer mir.e. near Rackerby. Yuba
Co.. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
rrln*", and from E. C. and P. J. Rlgney, In
the Maxey mine, near Mountain Ranch. Cal-
everas Co.. to deposit tailings in O' Neil's
Cre«rk. gives notice that a meetlnsr will be
re!d ct roem 5?. Flood building, San Fran-
o-.sco. Cal.. on February 11. 1SC1. at 1:30 p. m.
REFINED nurse for %-year-old child; city ref-
erences required. Apply between 10 and 11 a.
m. at 2340 * Washington 6t.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM, WEIL & MICHAEL'S, 631 Mission.
INDUSTRIOUS German, Gardener; under-
stands care of horses, buggies, cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers; In private family; .very
useful and willing;: references; city or coun-
' try. Box 1*70, Call office.
STEADY young man, aged 23, F. of A., Is an
' experienced machine man and miner, wishes
employment at same or as blacksmith's help-
er; ob'ect to learn trade. Address P. S:, 1124
V st.. South San Francisco.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work; wlllinff to
do anything: Janitor work preferred; best of
reference. Box 1306, Call office.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Ca'g overall factory, 32& Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
DENTISTS.
BY a first-class barber, a position; will b^
willine to work for small wa^es. Box 1304,
Call, r - V
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
th# Sierra Hallway Company of California
¦will t>e held at the office of the company,
number 123 Crocker building. City and County
r.f San Frar-f ifro. State of California, on
MONDAY, xhe 11th day of February, 1901. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing directors for the cr suing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
come before said Tr.^elinr;.
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Deted January 2S, X9C1.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$14— SUNNY cottage. 5 rooms and bath: water
free. 637 Dolores St.. below Twentieth.
$10— NEARLY new, of 4 rooms. 464 Douglass
6t.. near Twenty-first, Castro-st. cars.
LADY to manage 11-room house; must have
$200. D, Invest. Co., 850 Market street.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework in
small family; apply morning. 2422 Bush st.
UNNT corner: 6 rooms and bath, yard, etc.:
rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st. and
San Jose ave.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
HOWARD, 1105— Upper part house 5 aunny
rooms, bath. yard. Key at barber shop.
HOUSE of 8 rooms; 2 lots; large basement;
rent $14. Key corner Eighth and Alabama.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET.
MOXEY WANTED.
WANTED— $1000 on J360O worth of furniture:
fine piano; will pay 1»4 per cent. Address
Money, box 1011. Call office^
CASH loaned to salaried peopla on note- without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party:
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
GIRL for light housework; small family; good
home. Apply 1134 Turk -at.
PANTS finisher wanted. 253% Stevenson st.
between Third and Fourth.
HORSES AND W'AGOXS. .
40 HORSES for sale: also wajrons. batgles.
carts, harness. Grand Arcad* Hone Market.
SZ7 Sixth St.; auction sales every 'Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. \
FINE road horse 5 years old; well broken and
gentle; can trot a mtla In 2:30: color sorrel;
height 15.3. Can be seen at 333 Fifth st.
FOR sale — Cheap, for want of use. pair young
mules. 4S4 Merrlmac et., Oakland; forenoons
or any time Sundays.
SECOND-HAND curtain cpera bus, bike. bugg7
and phaeton. O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gate ave.
and Polk st.
FINE youns horse very cheap. Call 1831
Fifteenth st.
THREE fast road horses; also torn* good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
A— 100 SETS ex5or.d-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single. al*o light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. C32 Mission.
CONKLIN'S Cnrpet-BeatinR Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
A GIRL to do light housework and cook for 2.
1213 Hampshire St., near Twenty-fourth.
GIRL for general housework and cooking In
a small family. Call 9-12. 1810 Lacuna, st.
WOMAN to- do housework by the day. / Call
between 2 and 4 p. m. at 768H Howard et.
YOUNG man with good education wants place
In fine family as private secretary, • or to
sportsman; good horseman. Box 1483, Call.
TEMPERANCE youns man wishes situation;
understands care of horses and milk cows.
Box 14S5. Call office.
GOOD meat and pastry cook, also wife, want
situations or work separate. Please call or
address 802 Montgomery St., corner Jacksan.
GARDENER, first-class, single, of long experi-
ence In landscape gardening, growing of flow-
ers, greenhouse and orchard work,' wishes a
situation on a private place. Box 1493, Call.
YOUNG man; flrst-clabs driver and gardener;
sober and • reliable; understands horses
thoroughly; furnish best of references. C. C,
£39 Mission st.
TWO first-class hairdressers. 234 O'Farrell st..
apply between 1 and 4 o'clock. . #,
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position 1 guaranteed: special
inducements; catalogue free. MOLEB S
BARBER COLLEGE. €35 Clay at.
WANTED— Laborers and' mechanics to know
that Ed Rblkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third «.: 1^0 largw
rooms; 25c per night: SI to $2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 3 and
9 a. m. lit 302 Post st. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d itt,
WANTED— 10O men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
. 20c. Boston House. 930 Howard at.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. barber school. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J, H. Shepard ft Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and rreen hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, tt Stenart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: readlng-rooxns: fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call Branch office. 2200 Flllmore mU
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sutscrlctions has been established at 1034
Valencia rt.
iiEMoniiiioins.
ANT c*se of Plies, PllesfPHesPlles^ 'over" 200
permanent cures amonsr business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
. no surgery, salves or ointments; no lnterfer-
¦ ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. CalL
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SOBER and reliable-young married man wants
a permanent position as night watchman;
best of city references. Address F. B. 8.,
37& Natoma st.. city. ..
WOMAN to work by the day. 1820 Mason st.
WANTED—Good flrst-claas • waitress at 304
Mason st.; waees $7 a week..
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. Ap-
ply 1310 EI113 st. . -¦
YOUNG. girl to assist ih general housework.
1428 ¦ Leavenworth st. ;:</", . '
GIRL for; general housework; wages $20. Call
after 9 o'clock, 719 Cole tt.
$2210— HOARDING and lodging house, with bar
j and bakery attached, including building and
long- ground lease: pavs well. Apply E. W.
HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery st.
AA— $400; grand opportunity for lady, or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waltlngr-room. 2M ave. station, E. Oakland.
PARTNER in well equipped poultry ranch In
city limits, with $100 to $200: man or woman;
furnished house; rent $10. Box 1444. Call.
tO lease — Hotel. 21 rooms, unfurnished; good
I nyiii? bar. furnished; San Rafael station.
J. SHEARER. San Rafael.
j LAUNDRY route in largest and oldest estab-
I llshed laundry in city; $450. Address box 1325,
Call office. ¦ .
I $430— CIGAR store, clabroom, laundry office.
I S33 Third £t.
WANTED — A party to run coffee-house. Par-
ticulars Coffee John, 613 Clay St.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; dally re-
ceipts about $60. Call at place. 410 Kearny.
RESTAURANT; bargain; paying business:
cheap rent; good location. Apply 363 Hayes.
SALOON for sale; opposite the Ferry. Apply
111 East st.. north cf Market.'
ESTAB. restaurant; suitable for couple; In-
cluding property. E14 Ontral ave.. nr. Hayes.
$5fO— CANDY store; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. 309. 11 m. to 1 p. m.. and 5 to 5:30.
CORNER saloon; sunny livinj? rooms; must
be sold before February 1. C54 Fourth 8t.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; references
, given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
j LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
• Apply business office.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1098
I Valencia St.
¦AVAXTED---FEMAL11.
A NEAT young girl wishes a situation to as-
sist with housework ip a. small family: wages
$15; sleep at home. Please call at 255 Octavla.
A YOUNG girl wishes situation doing general
. housework and .cookine. Please call' 1009
__Natoma st. ; '
A NICE womatt and fine cook wishes a situa-
tion where there are no ladies to interfere;
references. -Call 530 Gouzh st. - . . ' ¦ ' .
YOUNG. woman would like position In private
hotel - or lodging-house as ¦ chambermaid ; . no
waiting;- references. TOO Gough at.
RELIABLE woman wUhes work by the day.
Call 120 Fourth st., MRS. NEWMAN.
A YOUNG lady desires a position as saleslady
in a store. Box 14S1. Call office. :
LADY would . like to do ', light housework In
good family; wages object. Box 1491, Call.
A LADY wishes work by the day house-clean-
. Ins or chamber work. Call at 940 Howard st.
RELIABLE • woman, good cook, would aaslzt
with downstairs work; city or country; car-
fare expected. Call S30 Geary St.. cor. Larkin.
YOUNO lady wishes work -with flrst-clas*
dressmaker; good 'waist finisher. 1831 Fif-
teenth st.
YOUNG strong Swedish girls wants to do gen-
eral housework. 2S4 Eureka st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation
• to do general- housework; good cook. 911
Howard st. -
COMPETENT cook desires situation:' down-
etalrs work and cooking. Box 1467, Call. ¦
YOUNG girl wishes situation In small respect-
•able family: small wages. Call or address
23 Treadwell st.
LADY, from the East wishes position for light
housework and sewing; Is a good dressmaker.
620 Bush St., room 35. . - - -• '
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work at
home. Address 943 Sutter St.; telephone Lar-
kin 062.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25* to $1 50 night. $1 E0 to $3
week: convenient land, respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. __^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion ; Rood opportunity to right par-'
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott butldlng.
GIRL to do halrwork. Apply between 12 and
l.o'cloek. MME. PHILLIPS. 12S Geary st.
1 OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
I Call Business Office.
LADY agents willing to wprk; new good seller
dally $5; easily made. Apply room 90. Bt
Ann's building. ' ;• ;
FOR sale cheap— A complete patent brick
plant. Address Rldenhour Brick Co., Hilton.
Sonoma County, Cal.
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established 13
yrs.; trade taught; class now forming; terms
eaey; references Kiven. 1107 Van Ness ave.
FOR- Eale— -Jn one of the best towns in Cali-
fornia, a tirst-claas liquor business; 52CC0 to
$CO0O required. Inquire 116 Front st.
LOANS. 1st or2dmtgs; city, country: 8%: undl-
Tlded ints. : estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
$;CO,000 TO loan on real estate or for butMlng:
low rate. Home Bldg.' Co.. 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
it security.
California.
MONET loaned salaried people withe
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. J170 Market St.. room «3.
MO6T reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
A — SoOO.COO ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S45 Market
it. : teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANT proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANT amount at « per cent; 1st. 2d and M mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2* Montgomery, r. 3.
A— MONET to loan at rates which peopla can
afford- to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will Iom
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you, will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. BC6 Market tt.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgares ..............
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and size*
•olved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
MOXEY TO I.O.W
RESTAURANT for sale; low rent: owner
must eo to Europe. Apply 22S Eighth st.
$C0O— RESTAURANT; block so. Market; clears
$100 mo.; rent ?40; 2 liv. rms. Baslle, 3 Eddy.
DHl'G ftore; fine location; i>aylnsr business;
prescription office; tine for a physician; owner
going to Europe; • will accept a reasonable
offer; physician* and druggists I investigate.
AddrPSE Drues, box 1492, Call office.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm 12
Waitresses, city hotels, $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phona Main 1573
¦ •• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
waitresses, city and country hotels. »20
and $22 SO; 4 waitresses. Salt Lake City, Utah
$20. fare advanced; 3 chambermaids to wait!
$20; woman cook, small boarding-house, $30.
no dishwashing; pantry woman, $20. sleep
home. .
•• • FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
German cook, $25; colored housegirl, $20; 15
girls for cooking and generat work, $13 to
$25. MRS. M. E. -DAT & CO., 235 Geary st.
GOOD opening for a single, sober harness
maker of small means tn a rich orchard and
vegetable country; no opposition within miles;
rent of rooms very' liberal. Can at 242 Stock-
ton st., bet. 9 and 12 a. m. to-dav.
A— COLORED man and wife as cook and but-
ler, short distance In country, aee party
here; man and wife, private place, country.
J^'^ ee party nere - C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. •
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
BUT a brand-new typewriter for S3 down and
S3 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines. 13 per month.
PORTABLE engines, bnllera; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; Id-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maple lantern eoods
bought, sold, exchanged. i~9 Montgomery «t.
SAFES-New and second-hanJ. THE HEB-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
MAGIC lanternii, new and 2d-hand movlns
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
8AFKS— New and. second-hand: all size*. THB
WALTZ SAFK. 109-J11 Market »t.. San Fran.
SIISCELLAXEOUS "\VA>'TS.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
brac. old gold. 109 Sixth at. ; phone Jemle 141.
WANTED— Jnd-hand naphtha launch: 2 or 4 H.
P. A. J. Gustavesop. Berlin bldg.. Tacoma.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothln? bought A
Bold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folaom; tel. Folaom 1131.
A REGULAR meeting of Terba Buena ,~u
Isxige of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. jj
F.rotUeh Rite of Freemasonry, will be t\
held In Commandery Hall. Masonic flftV,
Temple, on THL"TW?I>AY E\ EMNO, v«i»
January SI at S o'clock. Degree 14.
HENRY BURNEK. Secretary.
MISSION Chspter No. 73. R. A. M-— «
Special mectinsr THIS (TliniSDAT)^%
EVENING. 7:20 o'clock. Mirk Master foj\
tfegree. By orJer of the H. P. t "W *
JOJIN n. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodg-e No. 1. F. and A. •
M-. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _fl\_
EVENING, Jan. Zl. at 7:20 o'clock. T*>^
Second dr grn\ By otd.«r of the Master. ' » '
FRANK LIN IL DAY. S«-cretary.
VIDKLITT Lodse No. :r». F. and A. a
M.— Special me-tinc THIS <T1IURS-^*
DAY) EVENING r'.t 7:30 o'clock. Hec-ISlr
'¦nd degree. Fr'.lowcraft Masons cor- ' tt A
<!;oJly invited. By order of the W: M.
FREDEIUCK IJARRY. Secretary.
«OI"TH FAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS_«V_
iTHUnSDAY) EVENING at T :.'.<> Jijf
• •'clock for Third decree. Master * X7 »
Mason* are cordially Invited. By order of
the Master. E. C HARE. Secretary.
ronie Lodge No. n«. f. and a. m.— m
.SK-e'al meftlne THIS (THURSDAY) _£V
FVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third <1»-
pr^c. Master jlafnns are invited. IJy/^r •
order of the Master.
J. n. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
TRRBA HL'KNA Lodge No. 15. l7
0. <> ',-• - initiation THURSDAY i
KVENING. January 31. 1MI. AH ?S!«^
Odd Fellows imited.
JOHN A. OHLSON, N. G. i
WM. P. gUMPHBETS. Secretary.
HALL of Pacific Lodtre No. liC. ,»yTT;»i«.. !
1. O '• I".. J 1 :-;-; Hall. < «M fv5^?^i !
Fell ¦••¦- building- Initiation THIS S^*?»gf I
(THURSDAY) NIGHT. Jan. 31.
Brothers cordially invited.
A. K. GRAUPNER. N. G.
F. M. CARSON. Secretary.
WKSTgBX •APDITTOS » Loflga Xay^jMBp^
:¦:. I. O. O. P.. will have initia- s^feffi&t '
tl n THIS iTHCESHAT) EVKN- V£-*V£*S2f
ING. January S1.-1WL "W»««P"f
WM. -F. LEE, Fin. Sec
FRANK D. REE?. N. G.
ET. ANDREWS Society— Members V y»v
G"slrlng: tickets for the memorial A ta££l
funeral «"-r\ices in Mechanics' Pa- 'VKjfjEjS
vilion, EATCBOAT, February 2. i *&9
can l»e Kapffilti at the rooms of the 63Ciety
en th* evening r>f Thursday, January 31.
ALLAN POLLOX, Pr3sident.
G. ST. J. nn.KM.VER, Secretary.
MEETIXC NOTICES.
CLAIRVOYANTS. , ;
MME. M. BERNARD, "~ ~~~~~' "*
. • THE FAMOUS '
Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
Is permanently .located at 17 Third St., next
Eramlner building. Sha reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals -the present .happening and por-
trays events to occur In the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied In life, or have domesMc, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.y t r ;';>,~'''
Valuable advice in all affairs of life. •
Full life reading by mall; write for Informa-
tion; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. .
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
unseen forces is invaluable to professional
and business men, to .wives and lovers; follow
her advice and you will make no mistake.
1104 Market St., corner Mason, room 28.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., torner of Oolden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perrect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for. pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
-reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents SI; palm, and clalr. sit. $110. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant anj
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
Clh: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor. Sixth.
MME. St. Elmo— Specip.l this week, $1 readings
25c; palmistry, watsr readings. 944 Mission.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture SJc; ladies." 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. Melvlll, well-known clairvoyant, water
- reader. 11. 6th ;German spoken; tel. Howard 1S46.'
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth st, room 14.
MRS.VALEEN, palmist, clairvoyant, card read-
er and magnetic healer. 215 Leavenworth st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25e. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. «SH Jessie st. '
MME. AUGUST, clairvcyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ndvlce: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
eolld -and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party'; duties
will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally in the management of the busi-
ness; capital required $5U00 to $10,000; full
value In slsht; books and business open for
investigation. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &
CO.. 632 Market Et.
A— CIGAR stand; one block of Call bldg.: snap
this day. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— HOME kitchen and delicacy store; fine lo-
cation. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— HOTEL near Union Iron Works; big bar-
gain: come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Mitt.
A— R ESTA U R A NT : north Market; with living
rooms. COWING & CO.. 713 Market st. .
BUSINESS OFFICE of The £an Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every, night In the year.
ERANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
crrner Clay; ep<?n until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes Eti-eet; open until 9:50 p. m.
CC3^ McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f.t. Larkin street; opon until »:30 p. m.
l?4l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market EtrecL corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 9 p. m. .
jr>6 Eleventh rtreet: cpexj until 9 p. n>-
10P6 Valencia street; ep«n until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky strerts: open until 9 p. tn.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
6 OR 7 girls to fold papers from 8 p. m. .until
6 *- m - S 6 week. C. R. HANSEN fc CO..
'¦ 104 Geary st.
. .......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...:.
2 chambermaids, private families, city. $20;
5 second girl. $15, $20; German eecond girl,
care of children, ?20; houseglrls; French
nursegirl. C. R. IIANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
. ...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 more waitresses, Los Angeles. $20, half rate
tickets;, 7 waitresses, Los Angeles, $30; wait-
ress. San Diego. $20, fare paid; waitress. Salt
Lake City; -.10. wrt**esses, different country
hotels. $20; 10 waitresses, city, $20; 5 cham-
bermaids to wait. $20; woman for plain laun-
dry- work, hotel, and do up sheets; marker
and distributor, $12 week; woman cook. $30-
woman for plain sewing, 75c day, board and
room. . .
AT C. RHlA>?SENVco.'S...!phone^ Grant 185
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, V.
8. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character between the ases of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch in height; able to read, writs and
cpeak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the . Marine Recrultlne Office. 40 Elils
St.. San Francisco. Cal. .
CANVASSERS wanted for "Life and Reign of
• Queen Victoria," by the eminent historians.
Prof. Chas. Morris & Murat Halstead: nearly
COO pgs; size 7x10; - 10O richest Illustrations;
greatest & best; tremendous seller; only Jl 50;
big bock; big commissions; credit given;
freight paid: outfits free. The Dominion Co..
*Dept. V, 334 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
FOR sale — Barber shop, complete, with fix-
tures; sacrifice; $60. S01 Castro, cor. ISth.
PAINTER a,nd paperhanger wants a partner;
business and store: established; work on
hand: must have small capital. Box 1462. Call.
FIRST-CLASS "4-chalr barber shop, choice lo-
catlon, a bargain, at DECKELMAN BROS.'
MEN OR WOMEN
...Paid Big. Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st. .. .PALACE
; A- A Tlppett, Montreal
Paul Masson, San Jose
RE Jack,, S L Oblspo
G E Holton, Pa
C D Cook, Rossi and
F L Carpenter, N.,Y
C E Robeir & w. Colo
. J- T Thompson. ; Baltlm
R Ouston, ¦ Colo Sprngs
Mrs R Stocking L Ang
Etta Gray; > Marysville
' Ben ifJewm&n, • Boston
N En Smith, -Spokana •«
R L Fulton. 1 Reno ¦>'-.
A H Fobas, Boston
C Morgaar & k, S Jose
E J S Kulman. N;Y :
J M Sltton. N. Jersey
: J- Phipps, Bakersfleld •_¦
,J Trever & w, Clndnn
FWBoye & w, Clncin
NEW WEST!
J M Edwards, '\ Mich * '
E • Wadsworth, N Y -
A MiBushnell.'illl : ¦""
C Keller. ? Los Angeles
G E Patterson, Seattle
J Mulroy, Inglealde ~:
C G Allen,- Newman ¦ |
GRAND
J Zehrlng, Cal
A Flbush, Oakland
P Sandberg, 8 Rosa
J W A 1 wood & w, Cal
E Z Moulder. Alameda
J Erickson. Astoria -
F A Eckstein, L. Ang
Dr J Snook & w, Cal
F Harkness. Los Ang '
A SchlosBsmacher, Seat
B BelnghauBen, ' Seattle
J L Sinclair & vr. Or
D J Hllle, Wash
Jj L Sutton, Wash
W M. Tower, NY
N Dunbar & w. S Clar
W Schutte, Milwaukee
H Fuchs, Chgo
H B Payne & w, Pa
J W Parker, Wash
G Le Sen & w. Cal
R M Green, Orovllle
C LWeldler, Sacto
P Murto, Stockton : I
W A Thompson, NY
G H Wright & w, Bos
ton ,
Mrs C P Lewis, Cal .
HOTEL.
M Molera & w, Merced
A J Belloll, Visalla •
T D Cornea!, Llvermor
W M Bramhall, Cal
J M Sltton, N T-'«
C Smith & w, -Plantvll
L E Peppln & w, Cal
O A Kellogg. Eureka
V Woods, S L Oblspo
H H Fink, Idaho Falls
"W H Mallory. Stkton
E Pointer,* w, Alamd
J "W Glenn. Stockton
Or Mason.- San Rafael
W Skaggs & w, S Ros
Mrs E J Wiles, Uklah
G B Barnett, • Hanf oru
J H Batcher, Sacto
H A Bell, Sacto
H L» ¦ Luke, Penver ; I '
A ¦ M Allen, . Monterey '
OH Holden, - Minn - "
H Rummelsberg, Cal .
C R Naylor, Topeka .
O T. Woodward, Cal
M A Stanford Arizona
F Brophy. Lo S Ang .
A F Gartner, Butte
HOTEL.
L A Van ' Dj*e. Chgd
Li Phlpps. Los Angreles
Mrs Bartlett. Alameda
A Kellogg:, Berkeley,
G B Hodgman, N Y
W Carney, w & s, Chg
CH Stockton,- U-S-N
H Feltmann, NT
C.W Baumann, N T ~
Mr&Mrs Johnson, NT
Mrs Johnson & rnd.NY.
Marcus Mayer, NY,,
M Untemyer, wrson &
governess,' N; Y
Miss Lowensteine, N Y
Mrs H E Wood. Cal .
fr e| nhelmftt, S Louis
H Hall & w, Kansas C
W H Parsons, Chicago
B Becker, .'
JRN 5 HOTEL.
J ' Ross, Seattle
S;A;Merkley,.Nev.- -
G S Younjj, Nev '-
WjL Soderberr, Utah
C P Shockley. U S N
R O Hendereon.Skaggs
M Henderson, : Skagga .
HOTEL ARRIVALa
Lien , on. Tombstones.
SALBM.Or., Jan. 3O.^The House to-day
passed la. > bill ' giving: tombstone : dealers a
lien- 'on- tombstones until 'they axe paid
for. ¦ .--^->. v.>- -^-¦ywntmTOi HWI I iniiiHinfiii inm ii an
• Vancouver Island.
VICTORIA, B. C.; Jan. 30.— News was
given by arrivals on :he Queen City of a
new find: of black- sand near Cape Cor
morell.*;at the- extreme north of Vancou
ver Island. ; Since the rich find3 at .Wreck
Bay; on the west coast of the island. last
year; many prospectors have been search-
Ing the coa8t,":and It being-known that
eleven years ago black sand ¦ claims were
worked at i Cape . Cormorell , two parties
went thither." One that included J.. E.
Doyen and F. R. Reed took* up a newly
invented gold-Saving machine, which wa<»
proved a success, but.the work was-re
tarded by the high tides and storms. ; •
• Thorflas Scott : and C. Jones discovered
a new and -. rich s beach about - eight miles
north of Shushary Bav, where, when th<j
weather permits work , being carried on
continuously, they hope to make big earn
ings.:-"-. ;•'.-: - '.-^V' : -"V;- I" -
Kearns Goes Cast.
SALT . LAKE, Utah, Jan. 30.— Senator
Kearns left to-day 'for the : East and will
arrive in .Washington | on | Saturday, j stop
pins: for a few hours en route at the Audi
torium Annex' in v Chicago, v. The i Senator
goes'alone and the Question of a private
secretary .will be* considered , later. He
says : that he expects to do a' Exeat" denl
of hard ' work , in Washington and that on
all : . legislation ¦ pending, in Congress hi*
views are. in harmony with the policy of
the national administration. <
Discoveries .Made at the North, of
GOLD IN BLACK SAND.
tor Aid.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 30.— The parents
of Fred Alexander, the negro ~ who was
burned at' the stake by a Leavenworth
mob on January 15, were in Kansas City
to-day seekinsr advice about suing the
city and county of Leavenworth for dam
ages and support. -.••..¦•...• •
The father is a Baptist minister. He
said - he had written a number of influ
ential ' friends in .Kansas and Missouri In
an endeavor to raise money to prosecute
the case. He had as yet received no posi
tive promises of financial aid, but he was
confident, he said, that an appeal to the
colored people of the. United States would
bring forth a popular subscription large
enough to carry the case to the highest
courts in the country.
Father of Youth Burned by Kansas
Mob Makes an Appeal
ALEXANDER'S PARENTS
MAY SITE COUNTY
created In the State Senate tp-day when
Senator James W. Bucklin announced
that he would introduce a bill for the
payment by the State of the funeral ex
penses of the late ex-United States Sen
ator H. A. W. Tabor. The bill was intro
duced at the request of the undertaker
who conducted the funeral, who had been
unable to collect the bill from Mr. Tabor's
son. Maxey. Tabor, who is worth about a
quarter of a million dollars. The under
taker's bill amounts to $600.
Senator Tabor was a pioneer in Colo
rado and at one time was worth several
million dollars, although he died in pov
erty. He was divorced from his first
wife, Mrs. Augusta Tabor, and In conse
quence of this his son refused to aid him
In any way.
Wealthy Son of the Late Senator Re
fuses to Honor the Under
: taker's Bill,' •
DENVER, Jan. 30.— A sensation . was
COLORADO MAY PAY
FOR TABOR'S FUNERAL
Emll C. and Anna Prlber to Caroline Foster,
lot on NW line of Natoma street, 425 SW of
Seventh, SW B0 by NW 75: $7500.
Bridget McCarthy (Wallace) to Mary E.
Ahern; lot on S line of Oak street, 137:6 E of
Octavla, E 28 by S 120; gift. : :
Anglo-C&Hfornlan Bank, Limited, Louis and
rose Llpman, Carl D. and Llbby A. Salfleld
ti Carlotta B. Washburne (wife of L. A.), lot
en E line of Stanyan street, 100 S of Beulah,
S 25 by E 106:3; $2500.
L. A. Wushburne to same, same; gift.
Kate C. W. and Charles E. Post to Quy E.
Manning:, lot on W line of Spruce street, 100
N of Clay. N 27:8% by./W* 137:6; $3500. «
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Carl P.
Jensen, slot on W line of Hartford street, 223:9
N of Eighteenth, N 25 by W 102; $3500.
Same to Delia M. Mullc-e. lot -on W- line of
Hartford street. 178:9 X of Elg-hteenth, N 25
by Wa25; $3500.
3ame to Frederick W. Dobbel, lot on'W line
or Hartford street. 153:9 N of Eighteenth. N
£5 by W 125; $3500.
Felice Gamba to Risaria Gamba. lot rn R
line of Varennes street, 57:6 N of Union, N
W by E 67:6; gift.
Wells. Fargo & Co. to R. C. Chambers, lot
on 8E corner of Pine and Jones streets, E 87:6
ty S 127:6; $5000.
Peter Mulligan (trustee of the estate of Ellen
Johnson) to Thomas Magner (succeeding trus
•tee), lot on W line of Hyde street, 77:6 S of
Broadway, S 60 by W 137:6 (to hold ln trust);
$1.
Alexander McKlnnon to Caroline McKlnnon.
lot on SE line of Folsom street, 100 NE of
Seventh, NE 37:6 by SE 90; gift.
Johr\ J. and Ollmon T. Ledwtth to Frank V.
Pistolesi, lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 2S0
P of H street, S 25 by E 120 (quitclaim deed);
£00. . ¦ ' . . ....
Joseph F. Grennan to Lillle E.Grennan, lot
en E line of Twelfth avenue, 200 S of I street.
P 23 by E 120; gift. , . , ¦
Francois and Marthe Lataple to 'Ernest La
te pie, lot on E corner of J street and Twentieth
rvenue south, NE 100 by SE 35, -block 389.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $500.
Julius and Sara Jacobs to Walter S. Potter,
rerecord 1529 ¦ D. 158, lot on N line of Minerva
street. 105 W of Capitol, W 75. N 125, E 50.
S 25, E 25. S 100, block R. Railroad Homestead
Association; $10.
Walter S. and Clara A. Potter to Thomas J.
Oakes, lot on N line of • Minerva . street, 105 W
of Capitol. W 25 by N 100, block R, same; $100.
Frank W. and Delphlne* McEwen to Mary
Humphreys, lot 'on X line of Broad street, . 640
13 of Plymouth, E 50 by N.125, block K, same;
$SM). \:. . .
William W.' and Lucy W. Neal to Fred O.
Klben et al., lots 8 and 9, block 466, Bay View
Homestead; $200.
John F. and Catherine A. Connolly to Flor
ence O. Perlne (wife of George M.), lot at In
tersection of W line of Mission street and B
line of Porter avenue, being the S apex- of
block 22. West End map 2, N 170. W 47:7%. S
1B2:8, portion of block 22, West End map 2;
$500.
Builders' Contracts.
Miss Jennie d? la Alontanya ' (owner), with
Petterson & Persson (contractors), architects
Newsome, Newsome & Newsome and William
Mooser & Son— House raising and all work ex
cept plumbing, gas-fitting, steam and hot
water heating, tin and galvanized Iron ,work,
ejevator and finish hardware for alterations
and additions to a three-story frame building
on the NW corner of Clay and Powell streets,
N 45:10 by W C8:9; total. J10.899.
N. Delbanco (owner), with Isaac Penny (con
tractor).- architect Maxwell O. . Bugbee—AJl
work except plumbing-, painting;, electric work,
Bhades and gas fixtures for a two-etory attic
and baietnent frame residence on the W line
of Scot! street, 47 :8U S of Padflc avenue, S 48
by "W 112; total. '$6020. .
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NICE, Jan. 30.— The bullfight which was
to have taken place here, last Sunday was
postponed until to-day. The seats were
all taken. The majority of those ln at
tendance were Frenchmen, who became
very much excited as the fight progressed.
Many seats were occupied by English
visitors wearing mourning- garb, who
watched the proceedings with phlegmatic
curiosity.
Six bulls were let, into the arena. One
of them knocked a man down, but the
toreadors prevented the animal from gor
ing him.- %,
The cleverest toreador was a youth of
15 years, who displayed marvelous agility
in dodging.- The bulls frequently tried to
leap the barrier, and this caused wild ex
citement. One horse was brought Into
the arena, but the bull's horns were then
covered with rubber cushions. The bulls
were the only sufferer/. Throughout the
performance darts- were stuck Into their
necks, and one of them was viciously
stabbed with a lance, but was not killed.
The exhibition was allowed by the Mayor
only on condition that the animals should
not be killed or maimed.
Succeeds McCallum.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— Sir Cavendish Boyle,
K. C. 11. G. (Government Secretary of
British Guiana since 1894), has been ap
pointed Governor of Newfoundland, suc
ceeding Sir Henry- McCallum, recently ap
pointed Governor of Natal.
MUCH INTEREST IN"
BULLFIGHT AT NICE
Seats Occupied by Englishmen Wear
ing Mourning Badges in Mem
ory of the Queen.
Demand Voiced at an Enthusiastic
Convention of Representative ,
Men. of the Territory.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Jan. 30.— Immediate
statehood was demanded of Congress in
an enthusiastic convention called to
order here to-day by feidney Clarke of
Oklahoma City, chairman of the State
hood Executive Committee. Every county
in both Territories was well represented.
The convention was called to order at
2 o'clock . in the afternoon by Sidney
Clarke. O. R. Fegan welcomed the dele
gates and Hon. F. E. Gillette of Canadian
County responded. Ex-Senator L. E.
Havens was elected temporary chairman
and in addressing the delegates made an
eloquent plea tor statehood that aroused
lively interest.
The temporary organization was made
permanent. The, two hundred or -more
delegates here are unanimous for state
hood at the "earliest minute possible. The
majority of them are for single statehood
for Oklahoma, although the minority, who
favor both Territories being -included in
one State, are aggressive enough to make
their claims have weight.
OKLAHOMANS WANT
STATEHOOD AT ONCE
mony and" No Speeches Are
. Made at tne Grave.
MILAN, Jan. 30.— The funeral of ¦Verdi
took place to-day, all the authorities
following 1 the bier. . The ceremony .was
most simple but most Impressive,', owing
to the silent homage of the populace, who
were . present at the service in immense
numbers. - " -
The,.remains of Verdi ¦were borne- from
his residence and placed in a' modest
funeral car, which, followed by a few in
timate friends, proceeded to the Church
of St. Francis, the facade of which bore
the inscription. "Peace, to the Soul- of
Gluseppl Verdi." „. . .
The religious ceremony lasted only five
minutes. Then a procession was formed,
headed by priests, and with firemen,
marching 1 beside the car, which was fol
lowed by friends of the deceased, the local
authorities and leading: citizens bare
headed. A great crowd lined the route
and people even climbed the trees to get a
glimpse of the cortege. Several houses
were draped in maurning. , . .
On the arrival of the body at the ceme
tery the crowd was so large that two
squadrons of carbineers were unable to
keep open a space around the graveside.
The remains of the composer were in
terred without ceremony and I there were
no speeches. - .... ...
Remains Interred "With Little Cere-
SIMPLE SERVICE OVEB
THE BO DY OF VEBDI
There was also considerable discussion
of the irrigation of the arid lands in con
nection with the paragraph providing for
an investigation, of that subject. The bill
was aassed. :
The "friends of the farmer" were much
in evidence during the day, and against
an aggressive opposition, led by Mahon
of Pennsylvania, voted into the bill an
additional appropriation of $50,000 for
"farmers* bulletins."
Upon this showing the House adopted
the amendment, whereupon King retal
iated by offering an amendment provid
ing that none of the money should go to
any of the colleges In any State whose
instructors or trustees have engaged in
lynching or been guilty of fornication. He
afterward modified it so as to apply only
to the Agricultural College of Indiana. It
was overwhelmingly defeated.
Subsequently, when the bill was report
ed to the House, the Landis amendment
was stricken out by a vote of 69 to 19.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— The anti-po
lygamy crusade which resulted in driving
Roberts of Utah out of the House of Rep
resentatives at the last session had an
echo In the 'House to-day during the con
sideration of the agricultural bill. When
the section making appropriation for the
agricultural colleges of the several States
was reached, Landis of Indiana offered an
amendment ' providing ' that no money
should be paid to the college In Utah un
til . the Secretary of the Treasury was
satisfied that no trustee or teacher in the
institution practiced polygamy. The
amendment came as a complete surprise.
King, who succeeded Roberts, tried in
vain to head it off with a point of order
and then inveighed against it as simply
an aftermath of the Roberts crusade. He
Insisted that polygamy was a thing of
the past. Landis replied by alleging that
two of the professors of. the Utah Agri
cultural College were polygamists. and
that one of the trustees had seven wives
and thirty-nine children.
Landis Alleges a Trustee of the Agri
cultural College Has Seven
Wivss and Thirty-Nine
Children. /
Echo of the Anti-Polygamy
Crusade in the
House.
WOULD DEPRIVE
UTAH OF FUNDS
¦ ;¦; ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ," f ¦¦ .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— The shipping
bill was kept it; the front in the Senate
throughout • to-day. • No appreciable
progress was made, most of the time be
ing occupied' by Turley of Tennessee and
Jones* of Arkansas in speeches opposing
the bill, and severely arraigning its al
leged favoritism. •
'Earlier in the day an unsuccessful effort
was made to secure agreement to the
conference report ; on the army reorgani
zation bill. •
At*2 o'clock the shipping bill was laid
before the Senate as. the unfinished busi
ness, but as the army conference report
was Btilli proceeding Aldrich' asked that
the shipping bill be laid aside temporarily.
Pettigrew. promptly objected. This cre
ated a -parliamentary blockade which
compelled either the subsidy bill or the
army bill to give way. . . ,•;""
Hawley, in charge of the army bill, con
cluded to yield, and gave notice that he
would ; call up, that measure the. first thing
to-morrow". ' = ;
'. Consideration of the subsidy bill being
resumed, Aldrich- gave notice of ; two
amendments, one providing that appli
cants for subsidy ehall contract to build
a new vessel within the United States
within three years and a second providing
that the utmost limit of subsidy shall be
fifteen years instead of twenty years, as
provided in the bill. ' ¦-•
Turley of Tennessee spoke against tne
bill, pointing out the large expenditures
involved. He declared that already the
shipping Interests had unusual privileges
under the tariff, the postal bounty laws,
and in many other ways.
: Turley compared the cost of ship-bund
ing in various countries. This brought
out a statement from . Vest that ships
could be built for less in the United States
,than in 'any other country. As proof of
this, he said, Japan had' advertised for
the lowest and best bid on a cruiser and
the American bidders had taken the con
tract, underbidding the British ship
builders by 20 per cent. Later, when Rus
sia called for like bids, the American
builders again underbid the foreigners.
Only two weeks ago, Vest said, the
Cramps had secured a contract for build
ing a cruiser for Turkey as against all
other competitors. „ •
Turley spoke for two hours and was fol
lowed by- Jones of Arkansas in opposition
¦to the measure. Jones said the bill pro
posed to take millions out of the public
treasury and give it as a free gift to cer
tain favored r 'subsidy beggars." One of
,the worst features of the measure, he
said, was that the vast sums to be paid
as^subsldies-to a few wealthy concerns
were wrung from the laboring people and
the poor./ • ¦ . ¦ ¦ • • • • - ¦ "
Jones said the bill should be entitled "a
bill to enable a select coterie of ship-own
ers to loot the United States Treasury."
He argued that commercial development
and extension must come from our natu
ral, advantages and enterprise and not
fp«m the legislative stimulus of subsidies.
Jones spoke for two hours and then Ber
ry of Arkansas called for the formal read
ing of the bill. This brought on a con
troversy as to the present form of the
bill.
Frye declared that Democratic Senators
were delivering New York Reform Club
speeches against the measure, apparently
believing it was the Hanna bill of two
years ago, whereas it had been entirely
changed t and bore little resemblance to
that measure. •• C-- ¦..'.".•'. " -
Morgan said he thought. very few Sen
ators Know what was in the bill. He had
been "fox hunting" trying to . locate
amendments and learn what was in the
bill, but had been unable to do so.
Jones of Arkansas also spoke of the
kaleidoscopic changes and the Inability of
the people to keep track of it.
As a matter of information the detailed
reading of the bill was agreed to.
After the formal reading of .the bill it
was temporarily laid aside. / i
A bill was passed establishing a fish
hatchery and fish station in,Idaho.
At 5:55 p. m, the Senate/ndjourned.
ment to Conference Report on
Proposed. Army Reor- .
¦ g-anization Act.
; Unsuccessful Effort to Secure Agree-
Jones and; Turley/ Take
the Floor Against the
Measure.
LITTLE PROGRESS
WITH SUBSIDY BILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1901.
11
A BRANCH offlce for Cal! advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10?6
Valencia st.
CLAPPIFED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
TT'RK. 543— Clean. qu;et, single room for gen-
tleman; private family; $4 50 per month.
TAYLOR, 1415. near Jackson— Three nicely fur-
nished punny rooms and bath, with (rood view
of the hav: 10 minutes' walk from business
center; to gentlemen only; ref. required.
TAYLOR. 611 (Norwood)— Rooms en suite and
pintle; phone; hot and cold water: sunny.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with anner RC7 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. 1103H Broadway, cor. 12th st.. Oak-
land, top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204— Sunny suite par-
lors; alcove room: with or without board.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
TELEPHO.VES.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY*
Leaves San Francisco, ria Sausallto Ferry :
WEEK DAYS. ...»:15 a. m.: 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00, 11:30 and 1:13 p. m»
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and return.
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. «21 Market at.. Sausallto Ferry.
! BORN.
ANDERSEN— In Oakland. January 23. 1901, to
the wife of A. F". Andersen, a daughter.
BUCHANAN*— In this city. January 21. 1901, tn
the wife cf II. Buchanan, a daughter.
DALY— In this city, January 14. 1901, to the
wife of James Daly, a daughter. • -'
MADSEN— In Oakland. January .: 20. 1901, to
the wife of M. K. Madsen, a daughter. -
MATLI— In Oakland. January 12, 1301, to the
wife of Anton, MatU, a son.
SULLIVAN— In this city. January 30, 1S01, to
the wife of J. E. Sullivan, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They muet.be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
The following marriage licenses wer« issued
yesterday: ¦
Arthur M. Dean, 31, Redding, and Luaerne
B. Smith, 26, 39SS Army street.
Joseph K. Swift, 27. 706 Oak street, and
Mamie F. Llnehan. .23, 703 Vienna street. >
George Le Seur. 36, city, and Maude T. Hlr-
lemnn. 2S, city.
Grundy N. Xoble, 4C, 909 Jackson street, and
Myrtle Wlloie. 31. 94C Ocary street.
LuiKl Fabrls. 28. 2817 Twenty-fourth street,
and Elie B. Costa, 23. 1122 Turk street.
Adolph H. Hildebrand, 21. 1619 Powell street,
and Lizzie A. Heinz, 19, 1219 Kearny street.
Lester T. Robinson. 3?. Ocean View, and
Bertha. P. Otto. 21. city. - - „'" . -
Charles M. Spear. 2». West Berkeley, and
Helen E. AVentworth, 29, ' West Berkeley. .
ftLARBIAGE LICENSES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 113 (fifty
cents, per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company,, will be payable at the offlce of
the company. 227 Market sL, on and after
Friday, February 1, 190L Transfer books will
close on Saturday. January 26, 1901, at 1J
o'clock m. E.' H. BHELDON. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA.MKDA REAL ESTATE.
VERT fpecia.1 biuTSin** foreclosure properties:
rpnuin* maps* enough e.aSd, as I do not be-
lifve ln extended ads. J. A. REMMEL, Bay
t-tatlon. Alameda.
fiBO — TO close an estate: fine building corner
let. 40x100; bet. railroads: 2 blocks High
School; street work complete; bargain. See
cwner. A. G. BURXS. 1501 Park Et.. Alajaeda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 9-room cottage n*ar university; a
Krrain. Apply FERDINAND HOLTCM. 517
California er iO13 Pfuart ft. S. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. S
1400 CAE^T^7 - 5^^^nthTy~tni~paid~for; cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; large barn, chicken
liouse and run: fruit trees and shrubbery; a
nice, cozy home ln the rl;rht spot, being
healthful: 2 fine lots. 150 feet deep: picket
fpnoe; city water and sewer; near a model
nchooihouso and electric cars; nice neigh-
borhood; Bandy loam boII; view something
fn-and: snay from cold winds and tog: ad-
Jolnlnir Eapt Oakland; call or send for circu-
lar for ch»-ap lots or acreage. 4S3 Seventh
«.. Oakland, Broadway etation. Carriage
tre*. H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND) FlttMTCRE FOR SALE.
AN lctroductlcn to youlrorri^rsrtenhaasrthe
furniture »VaW 1Uh wni Franklin. Oakland.
BOOMS FOU HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN. IS, above sT«h-Su^inincUchen
and bedroom furnished. 17.
BUSH, 1203-FurniPhcd fiat of 4 rooms, com-
plg?e for houstkeeplr.;;; gas, bath, coal stove.
ELLIF. «21-Nicely furnishod eulte or 3 rooms,
hourgkreping. K2 50; also cne room. $10.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 708— Nice, sunny house
keeplnp roome; bath, gag stoves ; reasonable.
BESSIE. 2C3. near Fifth and Markct-2 eunriy
houMkreriin* rooms; ti". »u"«jf
tAKKIN. 706— Sunny lumlshed front room and
kitchen: rent 115.
LARKIN, 804— Lorse sunny back r<iom; fur-
nished; 1 or 2 person*; light housekeeping; $s.
OCTAYIA. 1482, cor. Ceary — Large, eunny bay-
window; also slnsle room; with kitchen.
O'FARKELL. 643— One large unfurnished house-
keeping room; furnished rooms for irentlemen.
l'lXE, HZ6 — Kurnished rooms for housekeepinc; i
oleo Finijle rooms; sun all day. -
POLK. £22— Desirable unlurnUhed and fur-
nished rooms.
JOLK, C10 — 2 runny front rooms, furnished;
gas range, pas, ' prate, bath; private.
POWELL. Sll 1^— 2 or more partly furnished
housekeeping rooms, J7 to S12; also parlor.
SIXTH. 136 — Sunny rooms ror light housekeep-
ing ¦ - - - 1
TENTH. 136— Sunny housekeeping room; large
yard; also other roon e. ; '
CLASFIFBD Bdvfrtls<?mer.ts and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
FUhscrtptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. * - * '
DIVIDEND Notice.— California Wine Asso-
ciation. — Dividend Xo. IS of sixty cents per
share has been declared, and Is payable on
and after Monday, February 11, 1901. at the
Union Trust Company, of San Francisco.
Btock books will close on Tuesday, February
5. 19C1. at 3 o'clock p. m., up to which date
transfers of stock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. By crder of the Board of
Directors.
. HENRY VAN BERGEN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TELEPHONES, house or private lin«>s. 14 50 a
pet: electrical work installed. 1526 Pt. Lobos.
TYPEWIIITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN~^p1iwlfrfER~S^We
sell better machines for lett* money than any
house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California* telephone Main 266.
UEKINS Van and Stcrage Co.. 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIEITCE-RODOLPH- StoragVXnd~liloving~Cor;
ofHce. Post and Powell 8 tg.; tel. Main S711
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boucht. sold and rermlrlngr guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 191S Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, eold. rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
Hi: AL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
A WELL-BUILT, mndern.sunny bay-window
cottage, 4 rooms, bath and psmUy. high base-
ment, ohickrn-house; lot 25x120; must Fell:
make cf!>r. 350 Ninth nve., Richmond District.
M. GRIFFIN". 719 Market. Fells and exchanges
« .ty and country realty; printed lists; Sonoma,
fiar.ta Clara. Shasta and other counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
1T0 ACRES In OrPffon. Improved farm, good
house ari'l barn, nea*- pohool snl 3 miles from
market, to exchange for property In city or
Fuhurbs. Address 411 Harriet st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
poi>ta$re paid.
BAt> tenants ejected for {4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montg-omery St., rooms 9-10; tel. D380.
Jisn.000 TO loan on 1st mortgages; will loan on
80 per cent; easy payments; mutual plan.
Apply M. J.. Box 147S. Call offlce.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: Eafe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at drug-
gUts. Ch'.chester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, 6ent to any address ln the
l_*n!ied States or Canada one year for tU
pofta^e raid.
ROOMS AVAXTED.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms; sunny; north of
Market; central: references. Box 1482. Call.
II' yen have property Berth of the Park and
you «•;*?, to «etl quickly, then call on W. J.
GCKN. ESO California et.
CHEAPEST and best ln Amerlcar-The Weekly
Call. 16 pag-er. pent to any address ln the
T T n!tw1 Ptat'- <-r Cnnafln nn« year fnr $1.
$rjcn— HOUSE and lot in the 900 block of Pine
Ft., on nry term*; J300. lot 100x120. cor. Man-
**:i and Prlncton fts. PATTERSOX & CO.,
31 City Kail squrr*.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Choicest and cheapest lots In this city.
We can positively suit you.
i.75, 3100, 3200 and S30O— near Mlssion-st. elec-
tric car or grand ocea-j boulevard; $3 monthly.
$300 to 1900— Choicest graded Sunset. Nine-
teenth ave. boulevard and Richmond lots; $10
mocthlj*.
$73fl, Jivsn. tl5."iO to J2jO0— Splendid cottages,
good locations near cars: all bargains. Must
be eold. Installments tame as rent.
Branch offlce Ninth ave.. near H Bt., Sunset.
BOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM 54, CHRONICLE BUILDIXG.
MARRIED.
GREEXE— ZANGENBERG— In this city,, Janu-
ary 29, 1S01, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Cap-
tain John S. Greene of Honolulu and Hen-
rietta Zansenberg of San Francisco.
TIBBEY-SCOTT-In this city. January 19,
1S0L by the Rev. Father Jones, Fred M.
Tlbbey and Mae J. Scott, both of Ban Fran-
cisco. BBMBB^SKsHi
HENRY J. GALL AG H ER "\ CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ', I
DANIEL P. DONOVAN,' Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.'
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone. South 80. ~ »
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<i-O HEiR.w ST. ZstabBshad
In IS34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lo»t Msntiood Debility or
dlaeasa nearlnzon body and mind and
sictn Diseases. The Doctor enrecwhen
others fall. Try him. = Charges) low.
roreasaaraateed. Call or writ*.
Vr. JT. *'. 6IBBOX, ban Francisco, CaX
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vi« S4Kisallt» F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1800.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO"MILL VALLEY
'* AND 8AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:55, »9:15. 11:00 a. ».. n:4S.
315 4:00, 5:15v •6:15. 8:40 p. m. -
'EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Monsjays. Wednesdays and g at .
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
StJNDATS-n:00.-nO:00. '•11:39 a. m.. »l:15.
3:15. •4:45. «:30. 9:00 p. m. , "*
Trains marked <*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:S>. »«:S0. 7:45, §•».«.
•1T30- 1:45. t.M. «:». 6:20 p. m. *
EXTRA -TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
arid Saturday" at 6:45 and 10:20 p. mT^*-*'"
BUNDAYS-«:20. -S^. -lO".©©, -llttf ¦«. .».'
•1:40. »2:15, 4:«, *6:Z0 p. m. r*-
¦Trains marked 1 (•) start from Ban Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 8AN FRANCISCO
"WEEK DAYS-5:45. 0:45. .7:55. •9:30^^
12:35. 2:10, -3:30, 4:54. 5:20 p. m. Ja ~'
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. . WiKlnesilays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. CJ * a - iars
SUNDAYS— »:05.vl0:06 a. m., 1S:O5. *:li tjn
5:00,6:45 p.m. • . *\
THROUGH TRAIN3.
6:55 a. m. • week days— Caiadero and way
stations. i ¦ v ¦:: '-,. ,: • ..
1:45 p. m. Saturday*— Tomales and way
stations. -, ¦• • .
8:00 a..- m. Sundays— Tomales and- war
Btatlona. » >-
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS RL CO.
T T T-I!gjj— tt-»|-II
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St,
Ran Francisco to Smn Rafaai. •
TIBURON FERKT-FOOT OB" MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— TM, »:00. 11:00 a. m.; UUJS. «:».
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip at 11 :»
p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trios . at 1:M and
SUNDAYS— «:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. I:J0. 5:90.
(:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:W. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:&3
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, U:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40. 5:06,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scanetsen Par*.
same schedule aa above. ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrlw
Ban Francisco. I Nov. 7. 1300. [ Ban Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Bun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. | dajrs. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 1:40 am
3:30 pro 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa*/ 7:35 pm l:apm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. . lfl*2S ass.
' Healdsburs;.
Lytton,
GeyservUle,
8:Mpm 1:00 am Cloverdale. T:C pm <:33pm
7:30 ami ' I Hopland I I
I 8:00 am| and Ulciah. | 7:35 pm| «:22 pm
1:30 am - 10:3 aa
8:00 am GnernerUlt. 7*33 pm
8:30 pm I \ C:z«pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm tii> pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 amll0:a am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| SerjastopoL ) 7:35 pm| «:« pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprlcgs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
(or Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservtlle fcr Skaggs Springs: at Clove rtlal»
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, KelseyvlIIe, Carls*
bad Springs, Soda Bar. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. <ftlverstde, Lterley*s, Bucknetl's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Uaal.
Wllletts, Laytonvllle. Cummlnjrs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip- Uektta at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays. - round-trip tickets ta all points
beyond Ban Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket office. (50 Market St.. Chronicle build-
in s. ¦ ¦ ¦•- B- X. RYAN.
H. C WHITING. Qen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
CHICAGO
In LESS tf "">
THREE DAYS
ib/j Francisco Jit JO A. Mi
Chicago, Union Pacific
& Nortk-lVestern Line
J~\OU'BL^ Drazeing-T^oom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Library
~"**V. Cars, with barbtr. Dining Cars-
meals a I* carte. 'Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every week from San Francisco
at 6 p.m. The best of everything.
ft. ft. RITCHIE
617 Market St. ' General Agent Pacific Coast
Palace Hotel 8AX FBAXCISCO
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
l>ave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
• . Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton )0:25 a 11:45 a 11:03 p 7:25 p
•• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p S:27 p 7:0« a ........
~ Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 8:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan. City 2:41a 7:S0a
" Chicago 2:15p "9:00?
a for morning, p (or afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
CarrjrinK Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Cbalr Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class paswengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
througrh Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7-20 a. m. Is Bakersneld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Office*— *41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1118 Broadway. Oak-
land. • ¦ - ¦ -
iodtibkh rAciriv «onrAii.
(?*oiric STarsM.l _ '
TibI— !•»*• noil nr« •!¦•• !• nrrlf • •»
MAN ritANCINCO.
(X»ln Line. Foot of Market Stteoi.) *
uayb — Fao« J.iMPiaT l, 1901. — Aimn
7i80a Benld*. SuU.in, Elmir*. V*c»t11I«, .
Romany and a*cr»tueu to ......... . TrtSr
- ? :>»a Dbtu. Woodland. Knighta r^n^hi^
M*r»stille. Oro»l!lo. 7H3r
1:30k AtUntla Exprwi— Ogtlen sad Eatt 12:13r
8:00 * Martinez. St.u lUmon, Vallejo. N»p».
CmlisUigu ami S.\ut« ltow «tI-Tp
S:Oi>ANilee, UTenaore, Tracy. Lathropt
Stockton .- 7il3?
•:SOA Sbaau I tpr»gs~D»iia, Willi*ms (for
BartleU Springs), Willows, S«d
Bluff. PortUud.. 7«l5f
BiSOa Sau Jose. Liieranoro, Stockton.
lone, ' H»cr»meuto. PUcrrTuIo.
M»rj»?ill«, Chico, Kstl Ittuif 4ilSp
fliSOtOakdale, Chinese. boDor».Cwtcn... 4il3p
*:•«* H»jw»ru». Nil*»»ndW»y Station*. 11:13*
l):OO.i Ltw Angeles Express — Martina.
Traer, L*throp, Stockton. Mcieed
Fresno »ud Lc§ AnjBleo 7ilSr
9:30a Vallejn. Martluos ami Way SUtfoat fti43r
I 0:00a Th» Orerlaad Limited— Ogden, Den«
ter. Oiaaha. Chieaco «:43r
11:OOa Nile*. Stockton. 8acr*m«nto. Men*
dota. Fresno, Hartford, VltaJla,
FortoniUo «US»
I 1 j»« a LiTennore. Banger. Qoahen Juao-
tion. Bakenfirid. Loe Angalea
MiOOr Siterainauto UUer Stoaiiuira |3iO«*
SiOOr Hay*»rd«, JN'llti ami Way Stttloui. 3i I.Tr*
4:O«r Maittuez, Han lUinon, Va!I»Jo,
Niirm. CalUtiiji*. S»uU tto«» *i13a
4>OOr Beuicla, Winters. Hactamento,
W<x>aiand. Kultbts Landing.
M.rjmlllf, OnitlUo IOs«3»
4t*Of Hajwards, nilMand San Jose f»»«»A
SsOOp Kilea. IiTermore, Stnektno Lodi ... 10:13*
«S:«O? buoMt limited. El Paso. New
Orleans and Kaat. cIOiISa
3;«lttpTho Owl IJmitod— TraeT, Fresno,
Bakersaeld. Hangtu lor SauU Bar*
bara. Los Auielo. lt<13*
SiOOr New Orirant Kipreaa— IUkersH«l<l.
SanU IJ»rV)ara. Im Angalea. Dam*
inc. El Paso. New Oxieaus aud
Xtwt 7«4»a
«:«Or Hajwarjj, NllnandSan Jom...... 7i4i*
t6iO«rVall«io H>«34
tti««r Oriental MaU-Ogdeu. Cbejenne.
Omaha, Chicago 13:13r
•:OOr Oriental Mall— Ogdea. Center.
Omaha, ChieKgo. 4il3r
?i«*r Oregon and California Kx«resa.Ha»>
laineiitn. Marjullte. RmMliit.
rortUiui, Pugnt Hoimil and Kask 9»*3»
HiO3rS*a Pibio. Port CoaU, Mutlaea _
• anil Wai HUtioui i... 11>43a
l«tOap Vallxjo.... 7»43f
COAST IHVISIOS (>'»rro»T «iau?e).
(Foot of Marltut StreeU -
8:13a Newark.C>nterTi!le..SaoJo««,Folton.
BoalderCrMk.SauUCniaandWay
8UUoua •»••»
tatISp Newark, Centerttlle, San .low. New
Alm»Jen, f elton, lioultler Creek.
Santo Cnu tad Frlaelpal Way
SuUom* |I»«»«a
4il3r Newark, Ban Joae. Loa Gatoa 8>3Oa
aVtSVr Hunts/"" Eteuraion, Sao Jose and
Way8t%Uona VlfT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frsaSlt rtilCISCO— rut sf Marktt Slrt.t (3U» S)—
t7 P 15 t:00 11:00a.m. 1:C3 S:00 (:15p.m.
From Oakland— Foot ot Broadway.— t* *S tt:OS
10 :( 0a.m. 13:00 t.QQ 4:00p.m.
COAST DITISIO^ (Br»ad «a«»;e).
flhlrJ »nd Townseml at*.)
tOslOAOoean View. Boutn Baa Kranelaen.. t* 1 **'
7«4>OA San Jo»a *»<l W»y StaUtiua (N«w
Almadeu Wotliieiidaya ouly) «>»O*
•<«*4 Man Jose. Trea Plitoa. tJauWi Crn«.
FaolRc (inns. Paso Knhlea. 8an
Luis OUI»j»o. Surf. Lompoc Mid
rriucipal WM Stations f 'U*
l«:lot Ban Joao a»«d Wa» HtaUoua. I 1 ??*
I liaaa Sau Jose aud Wa» SUtloiis »«»O»
t«t«»F San Mateo, Uedwood. Monlo Park,
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, San .!<>••,
Tre» Pino*. 8auta Criii. SaJlna*.
Monteroy and Paelllo Oro»e t 1 ***?*
*S:m«r Saa Joae aud Way Stations •'•l»r >
f4«l 3p sSjole and PriniipU W«, SUtioo. »^»a
t5:00f San Jo»^ Los G»to» sad Prfadp«J
1 Wayfltotlons *5'2? 4
StXOp Sao Jom and Principal Way Station* •«»•.
«::tor Smn Jose au<l Wa» Stations ?£'«*
qll«43pSan Joae and Way Stations 7-»0F
A for Morning. Ptor Afterooom.
fflnrMayeieepted. JWaMOrOsW.
0 Mondays, Wednesday*, Trl&MJ*. , . . ;
' e TarwUys. Thnndaya. SoiMlaja.
a Saturday only <* • s
PHVSICIA>S A\D SUKGEO.XS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1CS1H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
S1ISAX, KSTATK CIT* — FOK SALC
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery stT~
AUCTION.
AUCTION*.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. V
At our salesroom MONDAY. February 4. 1901.
at 12 cocn.
_ PXFEREE SALE.
The two following properties by crder of R.
H. Flttgerald, sole referee, eubject to confirma-
tion by the court:
No. 1.
N. W. eerier Bryar.t and Harriet sts.. be-
tween Cth and Tth: Improvements consist of
•tore end 4 dwellings, which could be made to
yield a good income with little outlay; lot 75x75.
No. 2.
Folsom St.; N. W. line, bet. 4th and Sth: Im-
provements consist of cottaire of 6 rooms and
co«J yard with etable. etc. ; rent $40 per month,
which is low : lot TIxW).
K. il. CARLISLE ESTATE.
Executors' Sale.
DeviKic"ero st.; W lir.e bet. Sutter and Bush;
lot 22^x100; ground rent $15 per month: Im-
provements thert-on belong to the tenant; eub-
Ject to confirmation liy the court.
NATOMA-STREET FLATS.
T43-54S Natoma St., bet. Cth tnd'7th; 2 flats of
4 room* each; rents $2S per month; street ac-
cepted by the city.
BRYANT-£TRI>ET BUSINESS CORNER.
P40 Bryant st. ; N. W. corner Chesley; store
and, 4 rooms with flat of 5 rooms above: rents
$36 ..per month: both streets accepted : lot 24x90.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
6. W. cor. Pine and Lyon i= ts. ; S choice build-
Ing lots; level and ready for building; lots 25x
$7:6 and Zr.xlOG each. \
TO CLOSE AN* ESTATE.
S223 Harrison st., south of Precita ave.; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; let 2?.xl"0.
SOUTH S1I>E INVESTMENT.
449 and 442 Harriet st.. o3 Brannan, bet. 6th
&nd Tth; 2 cot'.aeee of 3 r<v>rr.p each; lot 25x75.
MISSION* (XmNER.
e. W. Jersey and Vick^hurg sts.: cottage of
4 rooms and bath: rent J10 per month; corner
portion of lot not built on; lot 34x75. j
MISSION* COTTAGE.
C2S 2Sth ft., bet. Church and Sanchez: bay-
window cottage of 4 rooms; rent ?10; lot 25:fex
114.
MISSION COTTAGE.
18 Valley ft., near San Jose ave.: cottage of
« rooms; rent Tl«; lot 26xlU.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Clipper St.. north line near Church; 2 lots;
level and ready for building: 23:5Uxii4 each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. EL UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st_
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores pray
t-.air to its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 121 GrantTav*.— Best dollar
a day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
larpe rooms ;• modern conveniences; roms 60c
up; flrst-cless meals 25c; free coach. •
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per nipht; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
ALTON, 204 McAllister-Large sunny well.fur-
nlyhed front suite; suitable fpr 3 or 4 adults.
BURNETT. 142S Markot fold No. 1364)— Fur-
nlFhed rms., eultes. single: also unfurnished.
BT'SH, 520 (The Elk)-Changed hands; nicely
f urn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated: all conven. Mrs. K. il. Ramsey, prop.
ELEVENTH, 354Vfc— Punny furnished room,
with bath; very reasonable.
FOURTH. 149— New furnished sunny rooms,
from ti up to $12 por month.
GEAItY,405 (The Navarre)— Klefrantly furnished
rm«; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
I COUGH. 1613— A larpe nicely furnished front
I room, with hot and cold water; very con-
.vpnient for two frentlemon. \
GTtAND SOUTH ERN. southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Tingle; ladies* parlor;, reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. 922. near Fifth— Newly furnished
sunny rms.; gas grate; $6 up; prlv. family-
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market et.— Suite of J or 3
rraii; privato; bath; s!n. rms; board optional.
McALLISTER. 10;s — Sunny small front room:
furnished or unfurnished; use parlor; piano.
MINNA, €67. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window rooms: $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON'. 1015 Market et.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NEWLY furnished rooms, with a strictly pri-
vate family; gentlemen only; gas, water,
phone: near City Hall, on Van Ness ave.
! Box 1D"T, Call office. '
OTARRELU 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
PAGE. ?. off Market— Front furnished single
room for gent, $4 50 month; gas; closet.
PERRY, 174 — A nice large room, suitable for
two: reasonable. * „ -. ,
BOYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nleht, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
K: mo-nth. $* to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms. \rlth hot and cold water; baths.
KOSEDALE Houpe, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
r.Ight. 2Jc to $1; week. ?1 25 to $4; open night.
SACRAMENTO, 1611 Two sunny furnished
rooms.
SEVENTH, 456 — 4 sunny rooms for housskeep-
4ng. _^
DR. LAMOTTES French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; ,46c; all druggists.
MASQUERADE coetumos. play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATOX, 1113 Sutt?r bL
BIRD
OF
PASSAGE
Passing on the Santa Fe
San Francisco to
Chicago in 3 days— tho
California
Limited
VHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or Double. t2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton St.. near Eroadway.
V HY guess ? You are certain of style and fit by
using etandard Patterns: February styles
readj:. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market st
A— IS 50 DERBY and Fedora, hats $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. S30 Kearny st.. near Tine.
FINE *u!ts. 110; dress pants, 12 75 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. *37 Montgomery St.
(CyFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the* funeral * services
Sunday. February 3. at 10:30 o'clock, at her
*nti» residence, = 1107 Buena Vista avenue, Ala-
meda. under the, auspices of Lodge No. -..17 of
the Danish Sisterhood. Cremation • at Odd
Fellows: Cemetery, San ; Francisco. .
WELCH— In this city. January ¦ 29. 190L Wil-
liam J., beiov*>d husband ; of ' the late Mary
i (C^FrlendB are respectfully - Invited to at-
tend the funeral services .. to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the Church . of the
Advent, Eleventh street, near Market. ; In-
terment ! private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery, i
TYLLESEN — In Alameda, January 30, .1901.
Conradlne, beloved • wife : of Frederick - Tyl-
Icgen, and mother ¦ of Mrs. Emll ; Fisher . and
John, Fred and William Tyllesen, a- native
of Denmark, j aged E>9 j years 6 months and IS
days. . . . - : . ¦•5i«/S3Wlt9»£3
CCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1! o'clock.. from his late resi-
dence. 437 Fell street. Interment I..O. O. F.
Cemetery. ' . . - .• • ¦
TISDALK—In this city. January 30, 1901, Cath-
erine Frances Tisdale, . wife of the late
Thomas R. Tisdale. and beloved mother of
CharlofT?"' E. Tisdale, aged "70 .years. 1
ci^Frlends and acquaintances are rjepejt-
fully Invited ta attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from Plymouth Con-
gregational Church, Post street, between Bu-
chanan and T^bster. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
405 Powell street, near Post. N
SOULE — In thl« city, January 29, 1901, Andrew
Jackson, beloved father of William H. and
the late Maria L. Soule. a native of Freeport,
Me., aged S3 years 8 months and 13 days. A
member of Sacramento Society of California
Pioneers.^, Arrived- In California .May 4, 1849. •
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at . 2 o'clock. Interment San
Lorenzo Cemetery.
MORGAN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 30. 1901, Wlnfleld S. Morgan, a na-
tive of New York, aged 52 years.
NOONAN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 30, 1901, Patrick Noonan, a native
of Ireland, aged 55 years.
PERRY— In Oakland, January 30, 1901, Rltta
B. Perry, beloved wife of William Perry,
mother of Alma B. Perry, daughter of Mrs.
Annie Stewart, and sister of Mrs. H. S.
Brady, a native of California, aged 30 years.
[CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 313 Seventh street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland.
PLANT— In this city. January 29, 1901, Belle,
v:lfe John W. Plant, a native of Grass Val-
ley. Cal., aged 39 years and 6 months.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., -767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PORTER— In this city, January 30, 1901, Mar-
Jorle, beloved daughter of George K. and
Roberta Portet. and sister of ' Alvlna and
Dean Porter, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 7 months and 3 days.
SHEPPERD— In 1 this city, January 30,-4901,
William B.. beloved husband of Helen M.
Shepperd, a native of Ohio, aged 68 years 7
months and 10 days. A member of Virginia
Lodge No. 8, I. O. O. F., and Storey Lodge
No. 3, A. O. U. W., also of Virginia City,
Nev . ¦ • „¦ ! .
seph ¦ and Charles Reilly. a native of San
Francisco, aged 33 years 8 months and 20
days.
ft^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 5M Francisco street, near Mason,
thence to St. Francis Church, where at 10
o'clock a solemn high mass will be celebrated
for the rerx><«e of her soul. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MASON— In San Leandro, Cal., January 28,
1901. Bessie, beloved daughter of Benjamin
F. and Frieda R. Mason, aged 6 months and
7 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
LAMOTTE— In this city. January 29, 1901.
Charles Lamotte, brother of Mrs. Auguste
Ducrou and JoseDh Lamotte. uncle of Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Lamotte and Leon, Emma,
Nellie and Pauline Ducrou. cousin of Mr.
and Mrs. Jules Clement, and brother-in-law
' of- Aujruste Ducrou. a native , of Belgium,
azed 43 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully Invited to attend tb« funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10, o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1720 Turk street, thence to the French
: Church of Notre Dame des VlctoireB for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANGLOI— In this city. January 28, 1901, Ed-
ward, husband of Matilda Langloi, and
father of George Langlol, Mrs. V. Mooney,
Mrs. H. F. Pellelter and Mrs. C. E. Duffy,
a native of France, aced 69 years.
fCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 124 Hayes street, thence tc Notre
Dame des Vlctoires Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
McCABE— In this city, January 29. 1901. Brld-
ret McCabe, a native of Ireland, aced 73
years.
MACDONALD— In this city. January 30. 1901,
Alexander Davidson Macdonald. beloved hus-
band of Agnes Macdonald. a native of Inver-
ness-shlre, Scotland, ln hla 70th yeir.
MADDEN— In this city, January 28, 1901, Mol-
lie, dearly beloved wife of Mr. Richard Mad-
den, mother of Blanche. William and Rich-
ard Madden, daughter of Mrs. Reilly, and
Ulster of Mrs. Kate I^ablanche and Frank. Jo-
(C7"Funeral services this day (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 824 Powell
street Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
KEM— In this city, January 29. 1901, William
B., beloved son of J. J. and Annie Kem,
and brother of Rose Marie Kem, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 2 months and 20
days.
IC5* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marinl & Co., 1324 Stockton street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KELLOGG— In this city,' January 29, 1901.
Charles A. Kellogg, brother of the late Cal-
vin W. Kellogg, a native of N«w York.
CC7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 9
o'clock, from his late residence, 1728 Hyde
street, thence to St. Brlgld's Church, where
a solemn raqulem mass will be celebrated
for the recose of his soul, commencing at
8:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HARTE— In this city. January 30, 1901. Greg-
ory Powers Harte, a native of Ohio, aged 63
years.
C^Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the furieral services to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 11:30 o'clock, at the chapel of OU<1
Fcllow9' Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento st.
HOUSTON— In the City and County Hospital,
January 29, George Houston.
JORSKI— In this city, Januarv 29. 1901, Adam
Joreki, a native of Russia, aged 79 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11J30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend Htreets.
DALE— In this city. January 29. 1901, Louisa
¦ Dale, dearly beloved wife of Andrew J. Dale,
-. and mother of Edna and William. Dale, a
native of Illinois, aged So years and 4
months.
DEBNEY-In this city. January 29, 1901, Cap-
tain Gerard Debney. tieloved husband of Jane
K. Debney. and/' brother of Mrs. Horace
Newell, a natire of Essex, England, aged
63 years and 6 months. (San Diego and Se-
attle papers please cony.)
E7Funeral from his late residence, 943
McAllister street, Saturday, February 2, at
1 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, ty carriace ¦.
DELEliY— In this city. January 29, 1901, Jo-
seph SI. Delery, a native of Louisiana, aged
52 years.
FULLUM— In this city, January 30. 1901, at
his residence. 162 Harriet street, Thomas J.,
baloved son of the late Thomas and Alicia
Fullum, and brother of Mrs. Jennie Moore,
Mrs, E. M. Silva and Katie, Edward, Frank
and Louis Fullum, a native of San Fran-
cisco. -^
HARRIGAN— In this city, January 29, 1901,
Cornelius, beloved husband of the late Mary
A. Harriean, and father of M. J., J. J..
William A.. Dr. J. T.. George W., Lizzie
B. and Annie M. Harrlgan, a native of Ire-
lar.d, aged 72 years 6 months and 26 days.
(New Orleans, La., papers please copy.)
ttyThe funeral will take place thl3 day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, f rom ' his late
residence. S53 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Flllmore
streets, where 'a reaulem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul,, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
CRAIG— In this city, January 27, 1901, Michael
S. Crale, beloved brother of the late Wini-
fred Shannon, and uncle of Michael and the
late Theresa and Eugene Shannon, a native
of • Klhmanagh, County Roseommon, Ireland,
aged 83 years 8 months and. 9 days.
E^Remains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking; Company, 20 Fifth
' street. - , . ¦*¦¦ ¦
CATHCART-rln this city", January 23. 1901,
J. L. Cathcart. a native of Scotland, aged
S3 years.- ¦ ¦
CONNOLLY— In this city. January 29. 1901,
James H.. beloved husband of Margaret Con-
nolly, and father of Mary, Agnes, John and
Margaret Connolly, a native of New Ross,
County Wexford, Ireland.
BLAKISTON— In this city, fjanuary • 30, 1901.
John S. Blakiston, a native of Quebec. Can-
ada, aged 74 years and 5 'months.
DIED.
Blaklston. John S. : JtfcCabe. Bridget ••'
Cathcart. J. L..\ Macdonald, A. D.
Connolly. : James H. Madden. Mollie
Craig, Michael S. . Mason. Bessie
Dale, Louisa ¦ Morgan. Winfleld 8.
Debney, Captain G. Noonan. Patrick
Delery, Joseph M. Ferry. Rltta
Fullum. Thomas J. Plant, Belle
Harrlgan. Cornelius Porter, Marjorle
Harte, Gregory P. Shepperd, Wm. B.
Houston, George Soule, Andrew J. .
Jorskl, Adam Tisdale. Catherine F.
Kellogg. Charles A. Tyllesen. Conradine
Kem, William B. Welch. William J.
Lamotte, Charles ' Young, Jennie
Langlol, Edward . ¦-.•*-. -';:
ELECTRIC light In every room-Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Et.. near Market; 700 room*:
S5c to fl £0 per night; fl 60 to $S per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Welch, and lovlnsr father of; Nehle, John,
William, Francis and Teresa Welch and: Mrs.
S. TV\ Candy, a native of Ireland, ajced - 72
. . years. -¦ ¦ -) . ¦>¦ -..•..--, v.-<X . - .. . - - . r
. cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from ¦ hla late
residence. 4 Torrens court. * off Clay street,
between Hyde and Larkln. thence to ; St.
Brlgld's Church, where. a requiem high mass
will be said for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock.. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. . V ' ••-*; :
STOUNG — In this city. January 30. 1901. Jen-
nie, wife of Thomas Young, mother of "Wil-
lie C, Robert J. and Nora A- Younff," and
sister of Mary and Cornelius McCarthy, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aced 33
years. • , - - ... \
- IC7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
11 Elizabeth ' street, thence to St.
James Church; where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at. 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
BAH.WAY TBAVEL.
PERSONALS.
M'TTKR. K0H— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: ulr.gle rooms. $?; suites, $12 to 125 mo.
EUNNY front rooms; nicely furnished; cen-
trally located. Box 1343, Call offlce.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice front furnished rooms
for housekeeping ; rent cheap.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Bigrhth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SITTTER. 717— Very choice room, Including
bath, elegant house, $s. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for rr.allinsr. $1 per year.The Lances recently arrived from Mex»
lco and were stopping at the Oaks Hotel
on Third street. The physician decided
to return to Mexico and to take the child
with him. Mrs. Lance was afraid that
she would never see her child again and
consequently swore out a warrant for the
doctor's arrest on the charge of kidnap
ing.
Bishop & Wheeler, attorneys for Mrs.
Lance, said yesterday that all difficulties
between the couple had been adjusted and
that they, would both possibly return to
Mexico in the near future.
The trouble between Dr. Richard O.
Lance and his wife over the custody of
their child has been settled. Mrs. Lance
called yesterday at the residence of Mrs.
George Brown at 1780 Eddy street and se
cured the child, and proudly carried the
infant away.
Domestic Troubles Between Physician
and His Wife Amicably Settled
Out of Court-
MRS. LANCE SECURES
POSSESSION OP CHILD
The board -will also inspect the branch
Sheridan School, which was reported in
an unsanitary condition by Health Officer
O'Brien. If it is found impossible to Im
prove that condition the school will be
transferred to other quarters.
Director Casserly and - Superintendent
Webster had a wordy tilt regarding reso
lutions providing for the payment of two
demands for $5 and $30 in favor of P. M.
Wellln as head repairer of school build
ings. He is employed by the Board of
Works. Webster desired to carry the de
mands to his office to consider whether
he should sign them or not. Casserly ob
jected, but was ruled out of order by
President Kincaid. who held that the
Superintendent was acting within his
rights.
The residents of the "Lakeview district
filed a petition requesting better school
accommodations for their children, who
are obliged to walk over a mile either to
Ingleslde or Ocean View school. The
board decided to visit the district to
ascertain personally its needs. ¦
The resolution dismissing Mrs. Johnson
as janitress of the -Falrmount School on
charges preferred'-by the principal that
she is unsatisfactory was laid over for
one week. •,
Miss Mary E. Donnelly, Miss Jlose Ryan
and John J. Gallagher were appointed
heads of departments respectively of
English, mathematics and classics in the
Mission High. School.
A rule was adopted providing that all
pupils who have been one year in the
first grade shall . be . classified as second
grade pupils and the teachers instructing
such classes shall receive the salary of
second grade teachers.
Leaves of absence were granted until
the beginning of the fall term to Albert
J. Houston, Miss Pearl Hobart, Miss
Charlotte Thompson, Miss M. E. Callahan
and Miss M. O. Ryan.
All flags on the public schools of San
Francisco were ordered to be half-masted
on Friday and Saturday, the 1st and Id
of February, as a mark of respect to the
memory of the late Queen. Victoria.
The board assigned Miss L. Smlthson to
the Laguna Honda" School and Miss N.
Gambitz to the Fainnount School, and
transferred Mrs. M. B. Miel from the La
guna Honda to the Lincoln Grammar and
Mrs. A. T. Spreckels from the Fairmount
to a new class In the Dudley Stone School.
James P. Nourse was appointed teacher
of Latin and history in tho Lowell High
School. .
The Board of Education • yesterday
demonstrated more of its j- arbitrary
methods in weeding out teachers from
the department by refusing to grant the
petition of Mrs. M. H. Slavan to be'al
lowtdto withdraw her resignation.- In
vindication of her course Mrs. Slavan
stated in her petition that upon receiving
notice from the board she inferred that
she had no alternative but to face a prin
cipal who manifested very unfriendly
feelings toward her or resign. Hffnce she
impulsively but unwillingly penned the
resignation. The board denied the peti
tion without discussing the merits of Mrs.
Slavan's contention that she had been
forced out through a . misapprehension.
Denman's motion that her petition be de
nied was seconded by Mark and received
a unanimous vote.
School Flags Will Be Half -Masted in
Memory of Queen Victoria.
. ' Soma Assignments to
Classes Made.
Board Refuses tto Permit a
Teacher to Withdraw;
Resignation.
FEARS TO FACE
HER PRINCIPAL
Maurice Untermeyer of New. .Tork' City i
accompanied by his wife and son and Miss
Beatrice LowensTein, arrived at. the Pal
ace Hotel yesterday and will make v a tour
of : the Pacinc Coast. Mr.- Untermeyer Us
a prominent ."chief'\ of Tammany Hall
and is the right hand man of Richard
Croker, the well-known political ; "boss."
Mr. * Untermeyer. and . his . party ar© : on ' a
pleasure trip. .;
Croker's Bight-Hand Man Is Here.
ANOTHER v CONSUMPTIVE ;
IS DENIED A LANDING
Mrs. Harrison of Victoria, Prevented
From Coming Asbore, Dies
on the Steamer.
Mrs. Mary Harrison, a married woman
from Victoria, died on board the steam
ship Walla Walla -at 7 o'clock yesterday
morning after having been denied a land-
Ins, on the previous day. The body was
taken to the Morgue and was afterward
removed by an undertaker at the request
of friends of the dead woman.
When the Walla .Walla was boarded by
Federal Quarantine Officer Klnyoun he
found that Mrs. Harrison was afflicted
with consumption and reported to United
States Immigration Commissioner North
that she was suffering from a contagious
disease. Upon that certificate Commis
sioner ICorth denied her . a landing. | She
was a poor woman and came in the steer
age. •' .«;
V. Cpstello; the" legally elected candidate*
for the office "of Superior Judge Instead of
Judge William 5 R. Daingerfleld or Judge
T"F. Graham will be argued before Judge
Murasky. As heretofore published. ¦ At
torneys Sullivan & Sullivan made a mo
tion to the court for leave to amend their
pleadings so as lo eliminate from the rec
ord' the evidence given to establish the
number of votes credited to Coste'.io by
the Election Commission.
- E. I. Lande, who represented Judso
Graham, supported -the last mentioned
motion. He said that it had been , clearly
shown that Graham had been elected, and
thatiupon. another recount.-if ' one^were
,to bo held," Costello, would suffer the same
loss of votes as had ' Graham. .... > -
•.Barclay Henley, Costello's law partner,
objected to the proposed amendment of
the i pleadings : and - asked : that • a continu
ance be taken until such time as authori
ties In support of Costello's motion might
be presented. y c Judge - Murasky then or
dered'a'continuance until Friday;
COSTKCXO MAKES MOTION
TO "UNSEAT JUDGE GBAHAM
Court Continues Hearing of Dainger
fleld's Effort to Amend Plead
ings Until Next Friday.
: Next Friday a motion to declare Stephen
James Tyson has sued the Klmball
Steamship Company, Joseph Majsden. H.
K. McFaxlano Jr., John H. . Bullock.
Arthur J. Brander and R. H. Tyson to re
strain tne carrying out of an alleged con
spiracy against the best interests of the
steamship company. Tyson alleges that
tho defendants Illegally permitted the Is
suance of 200 shares of stock to McFar
lane. An Injunction Is asked, to prevent
McFarlane from acting as a director of
the corporation. ;¦••._-,
Says Conspiracy Exists.
Rev. Father Thomas McLau* hlln. ' Rev.
Father Philip O 1 Ryan, . Rev. Father M. P.
Smith. Rev. Father > C. E. Kennedy, Rev.
Father J. J. Cullen, Colonel Thomas O'Nell,
First Regiment. National Guard California;
James K, Cosgrave, Qolpnel B. J. Power,
Lieutenant Colonel McGloin, Major; Deasy,
Major Power, Major Duffy. Sergeant Major
M rrissey. Captain Hagserty, Captain Hop
per, Captain Gardner, Captain Banner, Captain
J. bullivan, Captain : Dwycr, ¦ Captain Hynes,
Captain Leffman, Captain H. Power. Captain
Kennedy, Captain Westplear, Lieutenant Gon
zales. -Lieutenant Carroll. Lieutenant Scanlati.
Lieutenant O'Brien, Lieutenant. Welch, Lieu
tenant Klndelon. Lieutenant Glennon, Lieu
tenant Dougherty, Lieutenant Quinn, Lieuten
ant McCarthy, Lieutenant ¦¦ Donohue, Lieuten
ant Kelly, Lieutenant Long:. Lieutenant Shee
han, Lieutenant Terry, Lieutenant Toohy.
Lieutenant Beanly, Lieutenant Waters. Lieu
tenant Keefe. Lieutenant Hanley, Lieutenant
Bronson. Lieutenant Meagher, Lieutenant
Sears, Lieutenant Adams, Lieutenant Me-
Brlen, Lieutenant Carey, Lieutenant Curtln,
Lieutenant Hackenbruck, Lieutenant McCann.
Non-commissioned officers — Sergeant . Major
Deasy. Quartermaster Sergeant Torres, Com
missary Sergeant Coghlan, Sergeant Major
Duffy. Sergeant Major Gonzales; Sergeant Ma
jor Fh«lan. Hospital Steward Hafrgerty, Color
Sergeants Shaw and Merrill. Civilians— A. B.
Majruire. Dr. S. J. Cunningham. Charles Eb
r.er. Dr. J. F. McCone. E. J. Coffey, B. H.
Foley. William Breslln. Fred H/ Jones. Thomas
H. Fallon, W. J. Hamilton. J. J. Donovan,
Philip J. Lawler. F. J. Anthony, J. E. Coffey,
T. B. Splllane, J. B. Queen.
Address, Colonel E. J. Power: "Our Coun
try." Major Daniel C. Deasy; "The Church,"
Rev. Father John Cullen; "The League of the
Cross;** Rev. Father Philip O" Ryan; "The
First California." Colonel Thomas F. O'Nell:
tenor solo. - Lieutenant J. H. O"Brien; "Our
Honored Guest," Rev. Father Thomas Mc
l.aughlin; "The Naval Militia," J>r. J. G.
Morrissey; "The Auxiliary," Dr. James F.
McCone; "Ignatian Council," James Cosgrave;
"The League of the Cross Cadets," Lieutenant
Colonel D. J. McGloln.
Among those presant were the follow
ing: ¦
The cadet 'officers were congratulated
for the splendid work wnich they have
done during the year as workers in the
cause of temperance and they were urged
to continue their service with unremitting
labor. At the conclusion of the banquet
the following programme of toasts and
song was given:
The officers of Ihe First Regiment of
the League of the Cross Cadets held their
annual banquet-last night at the Califor
nia Hotel. The affair In every way was a
success. Gathered around the banquet
board were the officers of the regiment,
leading, Catholic clergymen, prominent
citizens and friends of the organization.
As a mark of distinction Rev. Father
Thomas McLaughlln of New York was
the guest of honor. For three hours mer
riment, goodfellowship and good cheer
ruled. Addresses were made, toasts were
spoken and songs- were sung.
Officers of the League of
the Cross Cadets Enjoy
Annual Feast.
GATHER AROUND
BANQUET BOARD
Frequent' complaints ' of " similar at
tempted snatchlngs of articles of jewelry
have been made to the police for some
time past, particularly at the time of day
when the cars are crowded. Jones, how
ever, has been clever enough to .avoid
capture until he met Bennett. *
Although but about 25 years of age.
Jones is regarded* by the police as a dan
gerous man to be at large. He was re
moved to the Southern police station and
later to the Hall of Justice. The two
men he tried to rob will, prefer .charges
of attempted robbery against him this
morning. Both Bennett and Lange are
positive In their identification of the man.
Among those attracted to the sceflfc was
Hermann N. Lange, secretary of the
Inglenook Vineyard Company, residing at
151 Valencia street. He recognized Jones
as the young man who on Friday night
last made an attempt to snatch a pin
from his scarf while he was riding home
ward on the same car line and about the
same hour. /
Bennett was on his way home from
work and was about to get on a car when
a young man approached him. threw an
overcoat against his face and grabbed at
a diamond stud in Bennett's necktie.
Quick as a flash Bennett's right arm shot
out. It caught Jones squarely on the
jaw and landed him on the sidewalk. The
crowd, attracted by the scuffle aided
Bennett in retaining the custody of his
prisoner.
W. H. Bennett of 2022 California street
with a lusty blow of his strong right arm
placed a young: man named Frank L.
Jones out of the diamond snatching busi
ness yesterday afternoon at the corner of
Third and Townsend streets and held his
prisoner captive until Police Officers
O'Connor and Orr formally placed him
under arrest.
Attempts to Despoil a Citi
zen and Is Pelltd With
a Blow.
DIAMOND THIEF
COMES TO GRIEF
J K. Stockard, W. F. Graham, R. J. Price,
H C. Blerbower, J. S. Mead. C. F. Dlckenson.
J. Bourke. O. J. Fanninsr. A. P. Goff. C. , E.
Jackson, R. C. Rogers, J. W*. Smith and G.
B. Tuttle.
Dr. Stockard will have charee of the
ship's hospital corps en route.
Captain John Pitcher, cavalry, has been
relieved from duty as quartermaster and
assigned to the Casual Camp. Presidio, i
Major Carroll Mercer has been ordered
to -duty as commissary of Model Camp,
relieving Lieutenant Ira Reeves.
Acting Assistant Surgeons F. A. E.
Disney and J. H. McCall have been as
signed to temporary duty at the General
The First and Second provisional bat
talions under command of Colonel Elli3.
were inspected yesterday by General
Shatter, who was greatly pleased with the
great degree of proficiency displayed by
the men In their drill. _ ¦ ' ¦ •
This morning at 9 o'clock Colonel
Rawles will review the troops under hi*
command. It will be an Imposing sight.
as the troops to take part in the maneu
vers are all seasoned soldiers. Four com
panies of the Eighteenth Infantry, on^
company of convaJe3cents. {^squadron of
the Wh Cavalry and Light Battery C.
Third Artillery, headed by the Third Ar
tillery band, will participate In th» re-
Inspector General Maus will begin his
annual inspection of th« armament on the
shores of the bay to-day..^-:
Ossian. Hansen. private. Company B.
Thirty-sixth Infantry, died at the General
Hospital yesterday.
A suit of pajamas caused a great deal
of worry to the doctors, hospital corps
men and patients at the Army Hospital
at the Presidio Monday night. Lieutenant
Shaffer sent those pajamas, to the laun
dry, unaware of the fact that In a pocket
of. them was $300 in greenbacks. All tne
attendants were routed out and j set I to
searching, and after hope of recovering
the money had almost been given up. the
lieutenant thought of the laundry and
there ¦ recovered his money, ' which still
lay In the pocket.
Brigadier General Freeman, retired,
through a delay narrowly missed his pro
motion. His nomination to the rank of
brigadier was not sent to the Senate for
confirmation until the afternoon of the
day on which he was retired, when it
should have gone before that body In the
morning, as service is figured up to noon
of the day of retirement. To those well
versed in army regulations the error
seemed serious, but the fears of the re
tired officer and hl» friends were allaved
by the action of the Senators, who simply
antedated the document, thus making
the retirement leaal. . \ '¦.¦
The following named acting assistant
surgeons have been ordered to Manila and
will sail with the recruits on the trans
port Lawton February 1:
Colonel Rawles' Command Is
to Go Through Drill
Maneuvers.
MILITARY REVIEW
THIS MORNING
Hall's wife visited him late last night
at the City Prison, whore he will be heid
pending the result of the Coroner's in
quest. She said that she was at the home
of her sister at tho corner of Valencia
and Twenty-second streets when she
heard of the shootlnsr.
I just took the names of me brothers
in-law."
The dead burglar Is about 22 or 23 years
of age, of slender build and clean shaven.
He has bushy red hair. A front tooth Is
missing on the right side of the upper
jaw. A search of his clothing brought to
light nine neckties, two knives, a picklock
for spring locks, a package of tobacco, a
purse containing 25 cents and a memoran
dum book on which was written, "I am
coming from home. J. J. McCormlck,"
and the address, "J. C. Douglass, South
Main, S. D."
The bullet that ended his career entered
on the left side of the head back of ths
ear and ranged into the brain, producing
instant death.
"The sale of these pieces of property,"
said one of Mrs. Harrison's attorneys yes
terday, "is not to be understood as mean
ing that she Intends dlspoaing of all her
interests In the State. She still holds an
undivided one-third interest in the hom<»
property and also in an unimproved lot
on the corner of Sutter street and -Van
Ness avenue. Her other interests are In
the Crocker Estate Company. The only
reason she disposed of the interest sh<3
had in the properties sold was that she
did not care. to assume her share of the
cost of improvements. The improvement's
on th« Powell-street land will cost fully
$1,000,000, and the Mission-street improve
ments will cost between $300,000 and-$400.
000. It is her intention to retain her inter
est in the Crocker Estate Company and
also In the other two pieces of property
not involved In the sale. The report that
she intends disposing of all her Interests
In California is without foundation. *
The sale was made by Mrs. Harrison
through her attorneys. Messrs. Morrison
& Cope. Since her marriage she has been
a resident of New York city and is now
having built there a residence that will,
when completed, cost fully a half-million
dollars. The guardians of the estates of
her brother and sister, who are .minors,
decided some time ago to Improve -tho
property on Powell and Geary streets and
also the Mission and First street property.
They also contemplate the improvement
of the property at the corner of Bush and
Battery streets. Mrs. Harrison did not
feel Inclined to share the cost of these
Improvements and announced her willing
ness to sell her Interest in the properties
involved. The guardians of the minor chil
dren deemed it best to buy her interest
and on the 23d inst. the sale was consum
mated.
Mrs. Mary Burton Harrison, eldest
daughter of the late Colonel Fred
Crocker, recently sold her undivided one
third interest in three pieces of realty in
this city to her brother, Charles Temple -
ton Crocker, and her sister, Jennie A.
Crocker. The principal piece of property
involved in the sale is the site of the old
Calvary Presbyterian Church, northwest
corner of Powell and Geary streets. Tho
next most valuable piece is situated- en
the corner of Mission and First streets.
The third piece is on the corner of Bush
and Battery streets. The price paid to
Mrs. Harrison for her 'nterest In the three
pieces of property was $232,562 52.
Daughter of Late Colonel
Disposes of City
Property.
SELLS A SHARE
OF CROCKER LOTS
"That's easy." he replied. "I didn't
want to disgrace me family •when I got
into trouble, by giving my right name, so
Woods gave his age as 18 years and his
occupation as that of a teamster. Th-a
prison records show, however, that on
January 6. 1899, he was sent to the House
of Correction to serve sixty days for petty
larceny. He then traveled under the
name of Fred Keefer and was 20 years
old. In March of the following year he
was arrested under the name of Fred Wil
son, for burglary. The charge was re
duced to petty larceny and on his plea of
guilty he was sent to jail for six months.
He claims that his true name Is WIlsou
and that he has relatives living at 513-",$
Oak street.
"How is it that you took the names of
Keefer and Woods?" was asked.
was a knock at the door. 'Go, tell them
the lady will be back in half an hour,' he
said, ml went to the door and piped the
story. Well, it didn't go. You know the
rest."
SCEXE OF THE SHOOTING OF A BURGLAR. WHO. WHILE ATTEMPT
ING TO ESCAPE, MET DEATH BY A BULLET FIRED FROM REVOL
VER TAKEN FROM HIS CONFEDERATE.
Edward H. Hall, a Barber, on Returning to His Room Finds Two
Cracksmen at Work and After Disarming One of Them
Sends a Bullet Through the Other, Killing H m as He Runs
EDWARD II. HALL, a barber, sur
prised two burglars while they
were rifling his room in the lodg
ing-house at 122 Taylor street last
night and after a desperate strug
gle shot and killed one of them. The con
federate of the dead cracksman cave his
name as George Woods. He was identified
at the City Prison as a criminal v.ho. un
der the r.ames of Fred Keefer and Wilson,
graduated from the House of Correction
and County Jail. Woods tried to us* n
revolver on Hall. Hall closed in on him.
wrested the weapon from his grasp and
with it shot the second burglar as ho
came running out of the room. Woods
escaped from the lodging-houM after the
shooting. He was caught on Eddy street
in front of the B'nai Brith Hall by R. J.
Corcoran, who lives at 1£3 Cedar avenue.
The story of the killing as told by HaU
was corroborated In every detail by
Woods, who only appeared reticent when
asked to give the name of his dead con
federate. He claims that the decease!
was a Ftrar.ger to him. and that they first
met Tuesday night m a saloon on Market
street, opposite Powell. The police feel
confident that the dead man was no nov
ice in the burglary line.
Hall is employed in a barber shop at
375 Fifth street, ana after Quitting work
last r.ight went directly to his room on
Taylor street. Ho and his wife occupy
room 12. on the second floor of the house.
The room is near the head of the stair
way leading from the street.
"It must have been pretty close to 9
o'clock." said Hall, when telling the story
of his encounter to Captain Seymour and
a group of reporters, "when I got home.
When I reached the room door I found It
closed and locked. I rapped on it, ex
pecting to have it opened by my wife.
To my surprise the prisoner. Woods,
opened it. When I eaw him I knew that
there was something wrong. The room
has been robbed twice before and I felt
certain that I had accidentally dropped
in on top of the burglars. 'What are you
doing here?' I asked. 'The lady has gone
*>ut and won't be back for half an hour.'
replied Woods, in an easy, self-possessed
tone. I grabbed him by the collar of tha
coat and dragged him into the hallway,
intending to ring the landlady's bell to
summon assistance. Woods reached into
his coat pocket and drawing a revolver
placed the muzzle of It against my
stomach. He kept pulling at the trigger,
but fortunately lor me it would not work
at that time. I realized that if I did not
soon overpower him my life was lost. I
pot a better grip on his throat and with
an effort threw him to the floor. I fell
on top of him and we renewed the strug
gle for the weapon. All this time he was
calling out. 'Kid. Kid. help me.' Just as
I wrenched the revolver out of his hand
the second burglar dashed out of my
room. He came toward me on the run.
and fearing that he was armed I raised
the revolver I had taken from Woods and
fired. The second man staggered back a
few feet and then went crashing head
long down the stairs leading to the street.
As soon as I released my hold on Woods
he sprang to his feet and darted for the
stairs. I followed n:m. He jumped over
the body of his dead confederate at the
bottom of the stairway and turned up
Taylor street.
"The report of the pistol attracted the
attention of some citizens who were pass
ing the house and they gave chase to
Woods. I afterward learned that one of
them caught him in front of B'nal Brlth
Hall. When I Ftaot. I feared that my life
was in danper."
"You are deserving of a medal for act
ing as you did." consolingly remarked
Captain Seymour.
Patrolmen Wilson and Joy reached the
house a few minutes after the shooting.
Hall surrendered himself to them. While
they were awaiting the arrival of the
Morgue wagon they went to Hall's room.
An accordion, an overcoat and a valise
were found packed up ready for carrying
off by the burglars.
Woods agreed with Hall as to the de
tails of the shooting and the taking of
the revolver from him. "If it had only
gone off when I had It up against his
stomach." Bald he, pointing toward Hall,
*T guess he would now be in the Morgue
Instead of Jack." That was "as far as he
¦would go toward declaring the identity of
his dead associate. "I don't know his
name." said he. "I only met him Tues
day night. We played a few games of
pool tog-ether and agreed to meet to-night.
I met' him in the same saloon. He asked
me to take a walk with him. When we
were going into the house he gave me the
revolver and told me to keep it for him
as he was going to see a lady. He also
gave me nine cartridges to keep and I
put them in the inside pocket of my
vest.
"No. I don't know how he got into the
room. I wasn't watching him. Ab soon
as we were Inside I got next to his graft.
He was packing up some swag when there
COURAGEOUS ROOMER IN TAYLOR-STREET LODGING
HOUSE SHOOTS BURGLAR WITH REVOLVER SEIZED
FROM CONFEDERATE DURING FIERCE ENCOUNTER
TELE SA^ FKA3SXJISCO CAM,, THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 190ll
12
GENUINE ANNUAL SALE! I
STRICTLY CASH! |
All This Season's Stock of Stylish !
JACKETS, SUITS, j
Silk Waists, Skirts, FursJ
H £*P\ Til tr*f r\ClPl-G\ H I Cj •
— — —WILL BE SOLD : J
At Prices Which Will Astonish Everybody! f
SALE COMMENCES I §
Friday - = r February ist. I
DAILY FROM 9 A. M. TO 5 P. M. j
Store Will Be Closed TO-DAY (Thursday). |
1U-116 KEARNY STREET.!
With army, officer" Jesse Moore " 'A A." whis-
key la a very popular drink. •
DR.MCMLTY;
n*HIS \VUSUL-K?TOVr!f ASDRKLIABLE OLD
.1 Spedallstci*-e*BioodPoiaon,Oonorraoe»,Gie«t.
Stricture, Uamlital Weakness, Impotf nc» and their
allied Dt*nrd«ra, Hook on Dlseanes of Men, trie.
OverTOyean'Mperience.Ternw reasonable. Hoars.
9to3daUy:S:30to3.39e'T'K3.HundaT*.10tol2.C<>iiaul-
tatlon free and »ac redly confidential. Call or address
P. KOSCOK KcXUIiTY, M.D.
26 y u Kearny MU San Franclaco, Cfil*
Figprune
..-.,•¦ Cere.eJ
The most wholesome and
nutritious substitute for cof-
fee and tea.
Made from the choicest
California figs, prunes and
selected grains.
A delicious, strengthening
beverage— holds its delicate
flavor to the bottom of * the
cup. '
Physicians * recommend
Figprune.
All grocers sell it
We're Still
Doing Business*
We had a little blaza
the other day, but it ?
didn't amount to
much — we're still sell-
ing furniture, carpets
and household .goods,
carload after carload,
on our popular "Little-
at-a-Time" payment
plan. We have a big
special in view for next
week. Watch for it.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.'
1017-1023 MISSION STREET ,
Above 81*!. Sta Francisco.
PHONE-SOCTH 14.
A Sale of
Odds and Ends in
Different Departments
For Thursday and Friday.
\ : , Children's Woolen
Dresses. /
Wool Droses. ' 1 Ined ' through- <Z* 1 O PS
out; all sizes; $2 25 quality...' «pl«^9
Women's Flannel*
Gowns.
66c quality; all'sfzes
Children's Flannel
Dresses.
< v:"i':::::;::::::::: 25c
Women's Flannel
Wrappers.
In many pretty -designs: ¦» *1 25 .'T'Q^
Quality— closing price *• OW
Child's jackets.
Odds and ends of Children's Jackets;
sizes from 2 to 8 years; *3 50 «Tl Ore
quality -
Women'siKnit Skirrs.
Knee lencth; in fancy stripes— O££j"»
worth 5Co and 75c— on sale to-day. ¦*t*J\*
Drp*»sinn - - > (1 -*^ .
Sacques,
In ' blue only— all . ¦•^C-»- W
Blies— $1 quality, .
60c. J$x$r< vt^
Dressing jjl% Jm
Sacques, fEj^k Iffir
In red ' only— all k / ' : ' rl'-. ' ;
•lzes-Jl 25 quality. ',; /^/J ; lgO*
; 75C« ' J:.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
- 7J Bet." Taylor and Jones. '
Mall Orders ; Received.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
FAVORABLE PURCHASES EMAST-E
US TO MAKE THESE OFFERS; DO
NOT JtflSS THE OPPORTUNITY, BUT
ORDER AT OXCE. EVERY ARTICLE} '
GUARANTEED FIRST CLASS.
Eastern Bacon, lb,....17c
Armour's sugar-curtd
breakfast baccn. i ,T ':'¦'
Regularly 20c 'J Vl>T£l!m!7**.l „¦*
Butter, square 35c
Choice creamery. *
Tomatoes. fSftEr 1 ™ 1 *. • -10c
Fancy, peeled, solid-packed tomatoes,
flavored with chili peppers. Regularly 13c.
Coffee, "Ideal Blend"... lb 20c
A most satisfactory coffee,
roast or ground. Regularly 33c
Sugar Waiers, tin 20c
Dresden sugar wafers. 5 flavor*.
Regularly 30c
Scotch Whiskey, bot.. 85c
The celebrated McAllister
pure old Scotch. Regularly $1 25.
Brandy, cot 7oc, 3 bots $2
Gallon $3.00
Very old and pare California
brandy, finest In the State.
Regularly II and $4.
Finnan H. ddies, lb 15c
Another new shipment Just ¦*"¦'' ••' '
received; strictly fancy. [ ,.| I.]
Cigarettes —
"Egyptiennes," pkg of 20. .15c
Mad* by Monopol Tobacco 'Work*. •,
Regularly 25c. ~ . . ., _¦
COUNTRY ORDERS SOUCTTEDs, i
CATALOGUE FRBE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Telephone. Main 5533.
ADVEBTISTSMEUTS.
S. S. Stewart
Banjos.
Geo. Bauer Guitars
and Mandolins.
Stewart Bacjos ha.v« been played all
over this country by amateurs, teach-
ers and professionals for twenty-five
years— there could not be a etronger
testimonial for these famous Banjos;
and through all these years the Stew-
art ha* been the standard.
Bauer Mandolins and Guitars are
practically perfect instruments; every
one Is individually made, numbered,
registered and fully guaranteed by a
signed guarantee from the makers.
They improve with age and are to-day
the most thoroughly satisfactory In-
struments of any In their lire.
Sherman. Clay & Co. are the Pacinc
Coast dealers In these celebrated in-
struments—you are cordially invited to
Inspect the salesrooms on the second
floor where these goods are displayed.
Sherman; Clay & Co.
Stein way Piano Dealers.
Cor. Kearay and Patter Bte.. S. F.
Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland. -.
Cor F*rte *nd Washlncton. Portland.
711 Second ave.. fceattle.