VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 71.
•tr ONDON, Feb. 8.— The rumor of a
I week ago that a marriage had
I been planned between the Ger
'^ man Crown Prince and one of the
late Queen Victoria's grand-,
daughters Is pretty well settled. In con
sequence the gossips, high and low, are
busy selecting the bride. At . the first
whisper of rumor the .popular presump
tion was strong that Princess Margaret
of Connaught was destined to be the next
Empress of Germany. She is a very
charming, pretty, clever and exceedingly
popular princess. This match, no doubt,
+ — _
daughters Said to Have, Been Selected
as a Suitable Bride for Frederick William.
One of the Late Queen Victoria's Grand-
SELECTING A WIFE
FOR CROWN PRINCE
.In regard to the criticism that his term
of office had been marked by a super
abundance of charges of, lese rr.ajeste, th-i
Minister said that while Emperor.WIliiam
was above such attacks, it was the dutv
of the authorities to .enforce the law
against i systematic . 2ndeavors to uhder
mine all order and the respect due to th»
sovereign.. The number of charges of lese
majeste In Prussia had been only 134 !•,
1900 as against 301 in 1S9S.
=/ Herr _Pordlsh.'. Centrist"., said that all
who disagreed- with the Jews were not
anti-Semites, but /that it w-as, still a fact
that- an overwhelming majority of the
people strongly desired to live In a Chris
tian country, * governed in a Christian
spirit. /-¦;¦¦ .
administration who .were guilty of a
breach of the constitution.
¦ . - - -.*¦-.,.¦¦.-¦
CALL HEADQUARTERS, - , SACRA
MENTO, ' Feb. S.— The^ Hasson ibiil to
regulate the: practice": of medicine in' this
State was amended in > the Senate i to-day
in ¦ such ; a manner'^ that } its ' penal 'provis
ions do ' not : aff ecf any 'one 'practicing the"
healing acts not recognized" by, the^ medi
cal fraternity,' " unless .' such .. person " shall
claim to-be a doctor. ,- This Is .practically
all ; the /opponents '*ot I the - measure '. have
1 been : fighting. for.'and when It was passed
there was much /satisfaction- shown.
Divine Healers Safe.
SAN RAFAEL/ Feb.' 8.— The two young
daughters of Mrs. III. . L." Baker! of . Mlra
monte, Ross "Valley, who/were injured
yesterday by the overturning of their car
riage, are reported to be doing well. *', -i
Are Rapidly Recovering.
SALT LAKE.^Feb.S.— Governor Welis
to-day vetoed the. anti-compu'.sory vaccl
natfon bill passed by tne Legislature last
week. After giving his reasons for. veto-
Ing the bill, the Governor offers -a substi
tute bill, which would jrrant to State and
local boards the: power to enforce vacci
nation or other protective mean's In caso
of an epidemic. '
York s best womanhood. ;, .Three new
members were appointed to the t working
committee, making ten in all.- The new
members are Mrs.* Charles Russell Lowell.
Rev. Phoebe Hanafcrrd and ¦ Dr. Mary
Vetoes Anti- Vaccination Bill.
No answer to the latest communication
for . the foreign 4 envoys " Is ¦ expected | from
the court before Tuesday next at the
earliest, but the envoys hope, the reply
will be satisfactory. ". ..:.. ... . .,
The opinion Is gaining ground among
the generals that possibly a spring cam
paign against the province of Shensl will
be necessary, v '¦'¦¦.< . ¦ •
The. more ¦widely known the demands of
the foreign envoys are among' the Chinese
the more the belief spreads that the court
will not accept them, especially the de
mand for the "punishment" of Tung Fu
Slang, who practically controls the entire
•Chinese army, apart from the troops with
the court, and who is now In the province,
of Kansu. With Prince Tuan he would
be able to hold out for an indefinite
period. ; . . . . .
all Chinese and never under any con
sideration to enter Chinese private house
on invitation unless In considerable num
bers.
It was decided: that women would seek
to arouse public opinion by holding a
large mass-meeting in an uptown' hall,
preferably Carnegie, on some Sunday
afternoon early. in March. To this meet-
Ing all women- will be welcome, although
admission is to be by ticket. Distribution
of tickets is to be vfiry free and tickets
are to be used only with the idea/of ex
cluding smallboys and other persons hav
ing no proper Interest in the proceedings.
It was decided that a mass-meeting
shall be called by. as large a committee
of representative .women as can be . got
together for ( the purpose. Leaders -of the
movement advocate* a committee of two
hundred women, who •ban come - from
every class and be representative of New
-NEW YORK. Feb. S.— In the Tuxedo, at
Fifty-ninth street and Madison avenue,
this afternoon the second of the women's
meetings for the suppression of protected
vice was held. The meeting was attended
by a large number ot women, represent
ing fifty women's . organizations of this
city. Calls had been sent out to 170 or
ganizations, reform societies, social clubs
and others. ' .
Waged Against the Protection
of Vice.
Take Action in the Fight Being
It Is reliably reported that more than
20,000 Mohammedans have reappeared in
Peking, during .the last four weeks with
the object of creating . disturbances dur
ing the Chinese celebrations at New Tear.
The Germans have accordingly Issued an
order to their troops that no one shall
walk alone and no one go unarmed. The
order directs the German troops to search
NEW YORK WOMEN HOLD '
A BIG MASS MEETING
PEKING. Feb. S.— The foreign envoys
met this morning to consider the edict
presented by the Chinese plenipotentiaries
regarding the suspension 'of examinations
for five years and also the punishment of
officials guilty of not helping to suppress
outrages upon foreigners. They objected
to the wording of. the edict which made it
seem that the troubles were entirely due
to the actions of native Christians. . Satis
factory in other respects. It was altered
to suit the views of the envoys and was
then returned. to the Chinese plenipoten
tiaries. . -•
Accept Demands of Ministers.
General Belief That Chinese. Court Will'Not
MOHAMMEDANS IN PEKING
TO CREATE DISTURBANCES
No sooner had the gossips settled on the
Princess Margaret than attention was
called to the fact that she was ¦ five
months older than young Frederick Wil
liam. Then persons who. had noted how
attentive the Kaiser had been to the Duke
of Connaught during the obsequies of the
late Queen decided that the Princess Vic
toria Pattlcla of Connaught— not Princess
Margaret-«-was the lucky girl. She is 15—
would be extremely popular in Germany,
where the Duchess of Connaught is still
affectionately remembered as the daugh
ter of the Red Prince.
four, years younger than the • Crown
Prince. ' - / . - \
In spite, however, of : strong indications
¦that the Connaughts .have; captured the^
greatest /matrimonial prize 'In
there Is still a belief that nothing is deft-
nltely settled; ? and that ,at;least;two other
Princesses of - tho ; . Uood'.'are _beirts ') con
sidered as possible consorts i of 'the first
son of; Emperor William. The younger
of these. Princess Beatrice Leopoldlne,' is
the fourth and only unmarried daughter
of the late Duke. of Saxe Coburg-Goth*.
She will have completed her seventeenth
year next April. Princess Alice Marie
Victoria, only " daughter of Queen Vic
toria's youngest son. the late Prince Leo
pold, Duke of Albany, is looked upon as
having a strong claim. In view of the
fact that she was not only a great fav
orite of her royal grandmother, but of the
entire court. She will turn her eighteenth
year this month-. <
CROWN PRINCE FREDERICK
WILLIAM AND FOUR PRIN
CESSES. ONE OF WHOM MAY BE
COME HIS WIFE. &&'$. \ V'
•BERLIN; Feb. 8.— In the. lower House
of the Prussian Diet to-day / during - the
debate* on 'the "estimates .of the Ministry
of Justice Herr Cruegror, Radical, charged
the' Minister, of Justice- (Dr. Schonsted)
with i inf ringing .the 'constltuticnj and im
perial legislation in resjard to the appoint
ment"of • Jews 'as assessors and notaries.
>* :In {replying. .the » Minister, declared , tha t
it .was "those who contested the .right of
the King-to fill all appointments in" the
Appointing' Hebrews.
Breaking the Constitution by
Charges Minister , pf Justice With
PRUSSIAN LEGISLATOR
ATTACKS THE JEWS
Advices j .from Baku this evening an
nounce : that ' the flre has been ex
tinguished. Ten -factories and five depots
It is believed the conflagration was
started by a^discharged employe for the
purpose of revenge, and. it is- further re
ported that the naphtha had
been filled with water, which
in overflowing carr'ed the flaming, fluid
over the town, Involving. all the houses
'as- far/ as Police "treet. The stream of
flre 'was several yards high. . Numbers of.
people were seen attempting to escape
while burning like torches.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb.
from Baku say all the available hospitals
are filled ' with people Injured by the
naphtha fire, while the sheds on the fair
grounds are filled by those made home
less by the conflagration. The, fire broke
out in the evening^ at- meal time and
spread. so rapidly that many people were
unable to escape from their homes". " The
flre also cut off th* retreat of the spec
tators, thirty, of whom perished. ,
Revenge of Discharged Employe Costs Scores
of Lives and Loss of 6,000,000 Rubles.
were burned, containing altogether 35.000.-
COO poods of naphtha and naphtha refuse.
It is estimated that the losses will ex
ceed 6,000,000 rubles." '¦•V : '~.
Nine charred corpses have been recov
ered. One hundred and sixty, persons
were injured by burning, forty-one of
these severely, and six .have succumbed
to ; their injuries. Many victims are still
under the ruins* an*] the search Is pro
ceeding. It. is not known how many of
the spectators perished, but a hundred
persons are still missing. 'j'-~ : ;
.A committee ha3 been formed by the
Caspian and Black Sea Company to regis
ter the losses of life and property and to
provide shelter for the homeless. The
Rothschilds' firm has applied to Paris for
material assistance for the sufferers.
A hundred homeless families are being
distributed and ho::sed In the neighbor
hood. ; Bread Is given to the employes at
the expense of the authorities and the
house is subscribing generously to the re
lief fund. .
eral passengers, two of •whom are in a ter
rible condition from exposure and acci
dents In the Cook Inlet country. Contrary
to expectations, the Bertha did not bring
any Nome passengers, but reports that
there are probably twenty-five of the resi
dents of the big gold camp waiting at
Iliama Bay for transportation to Seattle.
A boat had been sent for them, but the
Bertha left Kadiak on January 27, before
they had time to arrive., • -
The passengers and crew of the Bertha
are delighted to reach civilization in
safety/ They experienced the- roughest
weather on record, and. would- not have
"been surprised any "moment if the stanch
crafrhad :been" crushed Ifrth'e ice' floes or
thrown a helpless mass on the barren and
ro f k y, shores of a desolate coast.. Captain
Johnson said: "The weather was the most
terrific I ever encountered."
i Not only did the Bertha have to fight
the elements on her trip north, but also
coming south as .'well. There was hardly
any let up. The weather was very cold
•all the time, the thermometer averaging
10 degrees belo^ zero at the water/ s edge.
On January S6 there was a terrific storm
and the Bertha had all she could do to
keep off the shore. Two anchor? were
thrown out. and with engines working at
the full capacity the steamer headed for
the open sea. Then she struck the ice
floe? and was In danger of being crushed.
The huge waves would throw the ice
against the boat with great force, threat
ening to not only crush but swamp her.
During the critical time one of the pro
peller blades was lost. This compelled the
beaching of the steamer.
Among the passengers was C. A. Lind
blat, who tells a story of privation and
suffering that would sicken the hardest
heart. Sunrise City had been without
mallfor a long, time and Llndblat volun
teered to go to Resurrection Bay, 30C
miles away over a "desolate and unhosplt- '
MANY PERISH IN GREAT
NAPHTHA FIRE AT BAKU
able trail. Llndblat had the misfortune In
crossing a small stream to fall Into the
water. "Without thinking of the conse
quences he removed his mittens in order
to wring the water from his clothing. In
less than a minute his hands had frozen
stiff. That night his hands pained him a
great deal more. After that It was a
series of hardships he will never forget
The road was hard to travel and his
hands being almost useless, he could
hardly, prepare his meals.
Somehow the next few days passed and
he reached Resurrection Bay after twelve
•days of hard traveling, a week of whlc 1 !
was nearly unendurable from pain. On,
arriving at Resurrection Bay, finding
there was no mail, he sent word back t-i
Sunrise and took the Bertha; which was
In port, to Valdes in hope of getting hia
hands attended to.
,1'This trip was useless," he continued,
"for the army post hospital at that place
said it was against regulations and re
fused to take me In. By this time the
condition of my. hands was something
awful, they pained me night and day. I
returned to the Bertha, and with the help
of several friends did the best I could for
my hands and came to Seattle. I guess
I .will lose both. It is barely possible,
however, that I will only lose several
fingers, but there is not much hope."
Lindblat Is a native of Buffalo. N. T.,
and It Is understood has returned almost
penniless. - He is. a man of excellent
physique and has a strong constitution,
which Is probably all that kept him from
giving up "in absolute despair and dying
on the trail.
The case of Peter Ol3en Is remarkable.
Last summer he went north to prospect
for gold In the Cook Inlet country. His
efforts meeting with' little success he
sought employment as a grader with the
Cook Inlet Coal Field Company on a
railroad seven" miles long.' extending from
HomerJ In the inlet, to the company's coal
mines. September 27 while riding on the
engine he became entangled in th« draw
bar between the engine aml-the first car.
He was caught In such a manner as to
have nearly all of the flesh torn from the
left leg from a point midway between the
body and the knee to the foot. While the
bones were not broken the limb was
frightfully tofn and lacerated, the bones
being laid bare In many places. It was
nearly two weeks later. October 8, before
the sufferer could have a surgical opera
tion performed, and a rude operation it
was. Dr. Bemist for his surgical Instru
ments had only a carpenter's saw, an
ordinary butcher knife and a chisel. With
; only these tools Dr. Bemist. who Is the
Cook Inlet Coal Fields Company's sur
geon, amputated the leg half way above
the knee. Strange to say. Olsen came
from under the chloroform used In re
markably good condition. Olsen blames
no one in particular for his misfortune.
He is a poor man.
"I have about enough money to buy me
a cork leg," he said, "When I. get the
leg I will have nothing left. I came to
Seattle for It."
Olsen is about 36 years of age. He has
but one relative, a cousin, Pete Peterson
of Everett. Washington, In the United
States.
not responsible for his condition' or long
silence. "I know nothing more of the
case than is known here and In Dawson,"
Mrs. Lancaster said. *"J. C. Calderhead,
my husband's partner, has been conduct
ing the search from this end. I believe,
however, there are no new developments."
Just what has b»en done In regard to the
case I cannot tell until I have conferred
with Mr. Calderhead. My. husband's
friends have all been very kind ; in * the
matter of the search, but wo cannot find
him."
ter. Senor Campos, and was driven to the
residence of the Duke of Calabrey, when
a crowd assembled outside the station and
howled and hissed. The hostility was due
to the speeches made recently by many
politicians and to articles in the news
papers against the marriage on' account
of the part the Count took In the Don
Carlos uprising. The police had to inter
fere to-day and dlspersfe t-io crowd.
»
Spaniards Have No Love for Count of Ca
serta Because He Is a Carlist.
MADRID. Feb. 8.— The Count of Caser
ta. father of Prince Charles of Bourbon,
who is in marry the Princess of the Astu
rlas on February 14, met with a hostile re
ception on his arrival here to-day. He was
hooted by th<? crowd, and there were cries
of "Spit upon him."
The Count was met by the Infantas Isa
bella and Eulalie and the Foreign Mlnis-
Believes Lancaster Is Alive.
SEATTLE. Feb. 8.—Mrs. Lancaster,
wile of Joseph S. Lancaster, the Daw
eon merchant whose strange disappear
ance in this city last August has baffled
the Seattla and Yukon police, arrived
from Dawson to-day on the steamship
/Victorian. Mrs. Lancaster Is en route to
J^nver. the home of her husband's par
ents. Mrs. Lancaster can throw no light
on the case. She inclined to the belief,
however, that her husband is alive, but
PRINCE CHARLES FATHER
IS HOOTED AT MADRID
¦ sT NRAGED because she had hidden
_ > their child from him, and mad
. dened by the presence of the man !
1 * ¦*« uho had once protected her from j
his attack, Frank M. Seely, sec- j
retary of Mount Hood Division No. 91,
Order of Hallway Conductors, of Port
land. Or., shot and killed his wife, Mrs. ,
Mary Seely. last night at her home, S35 j
Franklin street. Oakland. Then, as the j
police broke Into the house. Seely ran I
to the rear and fired a bullet Into his
tiraln. dying almost Instantly. The
voman, shot through the heart, lived
only long enough to reach the Receiving
Hospital, two blocks distant.
Seely arrived In San Francisco from
Portland Thursday, accompanied by his
nephew, -C. W. Garletz. They came to
f nd Mrs. Seely. She was finally located
yesterday by Garletz. and 'last evening
the nephew pointed out to Seely the resi
dence of Mrs. Seely in Oakland In the
lower flat of a email cottage. Seely en
tered the house, while Garletz waited on
m. stre<t corner.
The railroad man found his wife en
tertaining Sidney Wilson, a. Pullman Car
Co-npary conductor. After some words
snout their child he pulled a pistol and
rrdere«3 Wilson out of tho house. Before
the conductor had closed the door he
r-»ar<3 a scream, then three shots and the
neighborhood was aroused. Police whistles
1 roupht Sergeant Green and Policemen
J.JcSorley and Ford of Oakland to the
Feme, and as they entered Seely ran to
the re2r of the house and ?hot himself.
Wilson and the upstairs tenant. E. B.
Southard, found Mrs. Seely lying on the
flood behind the door. They got her to
1h* hoypltal. Garletz joined the crowd
that gathered at the scene of the shoot
lnjf. JTe Insisted that he did not know his
ur.cl* Intended to kill Mrs. Seely.
Conductor Wilson, who has known Mrs.
Peely f!n<-e last December, tells the fol-
Jf Ing story: "I ¦was alone in the house
with Mrs. Seely when Seely called. She
turned to introduce me and he said: 'No.
you can't shake hands with me.' I saw 1
was r.ct wanted and started to leave,
when h* said: 'Wait a mir"'.e. I want to
pee you.' Then he turned to his wife.
*=ayin«' TV* you have company every
right T H" called me a . and
as I put vr> my hand to expostulate he
pulled out a pistol, and I ran out. fol
lowed by Mrs. Seely. As I got outside the
floor I heard the shooting and then I
ye'ilpd for help.
"Before that trouble began Seely asked
¦where the child was. Mrs. Seely said the
girl was at a private pchool at Mission
San Jose. That ansered him. He knew
me. because once I had protected his wife
rm a trr.in at Portland from him."
The search for the child was due to
Mrs. Seely's action, after she left Seely
last August. In returning to Portland in
f t member, pecuring the girl and coming
hack to California. There was a fight on
the train between Seely, who had followed
his wife, and he was prevented by the
passengers from recovering the girl.
Wilson had met Mr?. Soely when she
•went to Portland to get the child, and
their acquaintance dates from that time.
He protests that there was nothing but
friendship existing between them. He at
tributes Seely's anger to recollection of
the incident at Portland. Mrs. Seely had
been keeping house for her brother. W. H.
Drummond, a motorman on the Alameda
division of the Oakland Transit Compa
ny's road. He said last night:
"I expected this thing. The last thing I
raI2 to my sister when I left home to go
to work at 3 o'clock was, 'Now, Mary,
look out. Frank Is meditating some dev
iltry/ This morning a letter came from
Seely. dated at Portland on the €th. that
he was to leave that night for Baker City.
V."h«»n Mary read me the letter I said,
'That looks eusplclous. I don't believe he
is going to Baker City.* Another thing
which rr.aCe me believe a plot was on foot
•was the fact that Garletz, . Frank's
rif-pnew, whom we had never seen before,
fame here this morning, as he Bald, merely
to look us up on a friendly errand. I told
Seely was 43 years old. a native of Illi
nois. He has two sons by a former mar
riage residing In Portland. He was for
years a railroad conductor, later a Wells,
Fargo & Co. messenger on the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation road from Port
land to Astoria. Two years ago he lost
a leg in- an accident and had to retire.
Mrs. Seely's parents are Mr. and Mrs. J.
H. Drummond, residents oi Cloverdale. a
suburb of Portland. A sister. Mrs. D. B.
Ladd, resides at San Jcse. The Coroner
has charge of the case, having removed
both bodies to the Morgue.
E. B/ Southard, who occupies the upper
flat of the cottage, heard the shots,
rushed out his front door and downstairs.
He heard Wilson cry that Mrs. Seely had
been shot: Harry Asher saw Seely run
down the alleyway alongside of the house
with a pistol In his hand, but did not fol
low him.
"I heard Seely and his wife talking out
side the door before they came In and
f=he told him who was there." explained
Wilson. "Drummond and I have often
heard her expres3 fears he would kill
her."
Wilson said he did not think Seely
recognized him, but he believes the hus
band would have killed him if he had
not left the house.
"It's very strange that Garletz should
come spying around and ¦within a very
short time his uncle armed with a big
navy revolver should show up. Mr. Wil
son was a friend of mine and my sister,
taking a warm Interest In our affairs. It
is most unfortunate that his name should
have been dragged into the affair, but he
is not to blame in the least."
Drummond Insists that he believes Gar
letz knew more of his uncle's intentions
than he Is willing to admit. The brother
added:
"We came here to get the child. I did
not want to come over this evening, but
my uncle Insisted I should. Then It was
understood he was to see his wife and
see If there could not be some compro
mise flxed up. They had not yet been
divorced, but there was talk of a sep
aration. I knew, my uncle had a pistol
in his grip that he brought with him.
but did not know he brought It to Oak
land to-night. I would not go In the
house with him, so after I had pointed
it out to him as we walked by the place,
I left him and went up to the corner and
waited."
"My sister worried about her little girl
Helen, whom she had been compelled *.o
leave in Portland, and In December she
went alone to Oregon and got the child.
After that she knew and frequently said
that Seely would kill her at the first op
portunity."
Fearing Seely would take the child from
her, the mother sent the little one to a
friend this afternoon. If Garletz knew his
uncle premeditated murder he would not
admit that last night. He said:
"Seoly and my sister \*ere married on
Christmas of 1S33, much against the
wishes of cur family. Seely was 36 and
Mary only 18, and, although he was well
to do, he was dissipated and we did not
want her to marry him* It was only a
year after they were married that Mary
discovered him making love to a house
maid. She at once left him and .came
home. From that time she loathed him
and never willingly lived with him. Seely
followed her here and made all kinds of
promises of reformation. She finally went-.
back with him. but they were never happy
together after the first disagreement.
Whenever Seely was drunk he abused her
and frequently threatened her life. Las*.
AuRUft she determined to endure It no
longer and came down here again. I took
her Into my family and since my own
home was broken up last November, she
has kept house for me. Jj Last week we
moved over here, which was the reason
that Garletz and Seely had trouble In
finding her. *
Mary when he went away, 'Blood Is thick
er thr.n water, and this young fellow, If
anything comes up, will stand In with his
uncle- What reason has he to look us up?"
TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE
OF TWO GOLD SEEKERS
IN THE FROZEN NORTH
C. A. Lindblat's Hands Frozen While on
a Desolate, Trail, and Peter .Olson's
Leg Is Crushed and Amputated
Steamer Bertha Is Buffeted by Fearful
• Gales and Narrowly Escapes De
struction Among the lee Floes
-SEATTLE, Feb. 8.— The Alaska
(W^ Commercial Company's steamer
Bertha, which has been overdue
since January 26. reached Seattle
this afternoon from Northwestern
Alaska with a cargo of salmon and sev-
Kills Himself as Poliee Arrive on Scene
of Tragedy in Home of Woman's
Brother, With Whom She Was Living
Fhnk M. Seely, a Former Railroad
; Conductor, Hunts Down Mother of His
/ Child arid Shoots Her Through Heart
MURDERS HIS WIFE
AND THEN ENDS HIS
LIFE WITH A BULLET
minate Boer War.
BRUSSELS. Feb. 8.— In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day a petition inviting Bel
glum to cfTer to arbitrate between Great
Britain and the Transvaal was ' debated
at some length.. The Foreign Minister,
M. de Favereau, said the Government did
not object to the petition being referred
to a committee, but they considered the
authors of the petition mistook the mean
ing of 'article 27 of The Hague convention
under which It was desired to act.
"At present circumstances do not offer
such an opportunity," continued the For
eign Minister. "We must not forget that
one of the principal powers guaranteeing
our independence \s taking part in this
conflict. We do not think that we have
sufficient authority In offer our mediation.
Another power, the United States, offered
mediation at the outset of the war. Eng
land responded that she\did not desire It
at any period. M. Delcassw^on behalf of
France, made similar declarations. Vir
tually the same declaration was made in
the German Reichstag-, and the Govern
ment of The Netherlands has not con
sidered that it had fallen to Holland to
take the Initiative in mediation. The
Chamber, therefore, will appreciate tho
assurance that the Belgian Government
cannot undertake, such an engagement."
M. Jansen proposed a motion approving
the conclusions of the commission dealing
with .the petition.
M. de Favereau xepeated that Interven
tion by Belgium was Impossible and that
the motion was superfluous.
The Chamber, however, adopted M. Jan
sen" 3 motion unanimously.
Belgian Statesman Anxious to Ter-
TO OFFER ARBITRATION.
Lord Roberts' dispatches are not re
garded as giving any further elucidation
of the conduct of the war. but they are
interesting as proving that. throughout the
campaign he never had sufficient men.
horses or supplies to cover such a vast
field of operations.
Lord Roberts asserted deliberately that
the permanent tranquillity of the republic
"depends upon the complete disarma
ment of their inhabitants, a task difficult.
I admit, but attainable with time and
patience." l':-;'l/-:.P
Looking at all the circumstances. Lord
Roberts says the campaign is "unique In
the annals of war," and he pays the high
est tribute to the gallantry of the troops,
declaring that "no finer force ever took;
the field under the British flag."
There Is a general Idea that the dis
patches have suffered considerable exor
cism at the hands of the "War Office.
They do not throw any further light on
the summary retirement of GeneralCol
vllle or : any other matters regarding
which the public is anxious to hear.
The appearance of bubonic plague at
Cape Town seems likely to add to the
difficulties of the situation.- The author
ities there have decided upon a whole
sale extermination of rats. Should the
disease spread It will necessitate changes
In the military arrangements.
To-day Sir Alfred Milner makes another
earnest appeal to employers to allow as
many men as possible to enroll In the
Colonial Mounted Defense force.
From Delagoa Bay It Is reported that
the- .British have occupied Ennelo and
Carolina, ¦which until lately were Boer de
pots.
The Boers held up a Natal mall train
near Vlakfontein. The few soldiers on
board exhausted their cartridges and the
Boer? then robbed the passengers, after
ward allowing the train to proceed.
Lord Kitchener reports to the "War
Office under date of Pretoria, February
7, as follows:
"The British column destroyed supplies
at Fetrusburg and brought 300 hqrses and
cattle. Dewet Is reported still north of
Smithfield, moving eastward with a de
tached force which crossed % the line at
Pompl siding. Methuen reports from Ul
lifonteln. east of Vryburg, that he scat
tered the enemy there and captured
twelve wagons and cattle. French Is near
Ermelo."
A special from Cipc Town says: Al
bert Cartwrisht. ediior of the Soutti
African News, who was arrested yester
day, charged with criminal and seditious
libei, contained in a letter accusing Gen
eral Kitchener of secretly Instructing his
troops to take no prisoners, was formally
arraigned in the Police Court here this
morning and remanded In £2000 bail.
"Mr. Chamberlain flatly denies," says
the Daily Mall, "that he has had any
communication, "either oral or written,
with any member of the opposition on
the subject of the war."
LONDON, Feb. 9.— Public attention has
again been turned to South Africa by the
dispatch of reinforcements and the publi
cation of Lord Roberts* mail dispatches.
Rumors have be«n In circulation that Mr.
Chamberlain had reconsidered his South
African policy and was contemplating a
round table conference with John Morley
and Sir "William Vernon Harcourt, and
the recall of Sir Alfred Milner. The Dally
Mall, however, says It Is able to assert
•n Mr. Chamberlain's authority that the
whole story la a fabrication and that the
Government retains the most absoluta
confidence In Sir Alfred Milner.
Meanwhile the Boers. Are
Active aafl Hold Up a
Natal Mail Train.
BOBS WOULD
DISARM ALL
INHABITANTS
Meld Marshal's Plan
to End Strife In
Transvaal.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATIJRDAY, FEBRU'ARY 9, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued on V&go Three.
WOULD BE HARD WORK
TO BBEAK UP DENS
Visitors Musf Be Introduced, but Po
lice Captains Enter by Using
Sledge-Hammer.
"It would be hard. You cannot catch
At this point Captain Wlttman '."played
to the gallery." He was asked a ques
tion as to wholesale arrests of Chinese
being made for effect, and said: "That
is another fiction of a faking newspaper
reporter. Right 'here I want to make a
statement as \ a matter of privilege. I
have been accused by the Examiner of
having . spirited . away a; witness In this
case. That is a milicious ; and willful
falsehood. It is malicious because Its pur
pose Is to Influence the commission
against roe. It is willful because I denied
to a reporter of the Examiner that I had
seen Officer McLaughlin since the' night
the poor fellow was dismissed by the
Police Commission. This paper, in the
face of my denial, 1 published a fake that
1 had been Been with McLaughlin re
cently and that I had spirited him away."
Resuming the line of answers, Witt
man told of a big raid made in Chinatown
two years . : ago for slave girls who had
escaped from the Omaha Exposition, and
the work he , and - his men had done on
that occasion to help the Federal officers
who conducted the raid. He told of talk
ing with 'Officers Connor- and Davids,
who resigned from the Chinatown squad
when Sergeant Mahoney . was < in charge,
but neither of these officers ever said any
thing about ... corruption. . They ' resigned
because they '. were, not allowed to make
raids without first Informing the sergeant.
The captain also told of how ho had gone
into ' Chinatown . and demolished the gas
and , electric . lights in front, of, the gam
bling quarters., -N .«../.
. The witness also explained how he sent
spies into the lottery ptaces to secure evi-
of the Dailies."
thevSelf-Styled "Monarch
In Dramatic Manner He Danounces
"Do such houses exist, Chinese houses of
ill-fame where white men and boys can
visit?"
"No, they do not. If they do it Is news
to me."
"Do you believe they exist?"
"No; I believe what I know and know
what I believe."
"Some people believe more than they
know."
"Well, I don't."
. In reply to a further question. Captain
Wlttman said:
"I never talked with Charley Fay or
Joe Coffey as to corruption In Chinatown.
Fancy my talking of police matters to
such a man as Joe Coffey.'? -.
Judge Laird— Answer my question, sir. .
"I never talked with Joe .Coffey on
police matters."
"What do. you know about $3000 being
offered to stop police raids?"
"1 only know what I rea<* 1b tho papers.
I have never heard that rumor discussed
by the police. I never told the Mayor
that white ! men, were not patronizing
Chinese lotteries." ¦ <; : .r:-r
WITTMiLN MAKES BID s "/'
FOB GALLERY APPLAUSE
WITNESSES UNDER THE FIRE
OF THE INQUISITORS FROM
SACRAMENTO. '
Boyle claimed that he first learned of
the location of the lottery dens from
white men and Chinese. He had no
trouble In getting Into them, for they were
wide open. •
"In one place a Chinese talked freely
to me," said Boyle, "and I went there
many times. He told me that the police
had made a raid just for effect and would
not come around again for perhaps two
or three months. I asked him how they
fixed it about the raids and he said: "We
go to Wlttman and we pay him." He
also said that San Jose Charlie had a pull
In other directions. '
Mr. Knowland— Were any newspaper
men present when this statement was
made by the Chinaman about payment
of money to a police-officer?
"Yes, Mr. Thompson of the Chronicle
and Mr. Meloney t)f the Bulletin,"
. ¦ »
NO TBOUBLE TO GET
INTO GAMBLING DENS
Witness Tells of Playing Fantan
and Winning Money From
Chinese.
"Have you ever seen fantan played in
Chinatown?" '.
"Yee, in five or six different clubs. I
played myself at fantan."
"Where did you play?"
"On Waverly place, near Dupont street..
There is no number to the house. I had
no trouble to get into the clubs. They
play fantan and pi-gow In all of them."
"You say you played fantan with the
Chinese? • .-*¦ ~
"Yes. I did play." »¦ •• -
"Did you win anything?"
"Yes, I did."
Assemblyman Webber — Good for you.
The witness then detailed what he had
seen of the houses of ill-repute In China
town and tfcat he had seen white men and
boys visiting the places. Returning to
the subject of the purchase of lottery
tickets, Boyle told how he had been ac
companied by his brother and Rev. Frank
K. Baker, who desired to secure evidence
of the existence of vice and gambling in
the Chinese quarter.
"One Chinaman, told me," said Boyle
"of blackmail being levied by the police.
This Chinaman was interested In a gam
bling club. He told me that a committee
was formed to collect money from all the
dens in Chinatown. This committee dealt
with the police. The clubs were allowed
to run and a showing was made some
times of a raid. This committee collected
the money from thj gamblers and lottery
and slave owners and turned It over to
the police. He told me who collected the
money for the police."
"Who was it?" ¦ ;..'
"He said it was Sergeant Brophy. Bro
phy collected the money every Saturday.
The man who gav« me tnls information
knew me as a newspaper reporter though
I have- also heard it from other Chinese
and white men who work for the Chi
nese."
"Who are these white men?"
'.'I prefer not to make their names pub
lic, but will give them to the committee
if you will pledge to keep the names
secret. I will also give you the names of
the Chinese if you will keep them secret."
Chairman Knowland — We will not make
any such pledge. .
"If I tell the names of these Chinese
perhaps they will be killed."
Assemblyman Webber— Perhaps it will
be a good thing.
Boyle then claimed to have visited a
number of gambling clubs this week and
to have played the game with Chinese
He said that in one game he won nearly
Assemblyman Webber— You're all right
"What do you know about opium dens?"
"Wlttman said to-day that only a few
existed. I have looked up the prison reg
ister and found that many arrests -were
made from opium dens in the past few
PaTace 'hS&J™** ™* made at the
Ho\ 8 eY? mblyman " vrebber — A * the Palace
?*,"T es: the P la , ce 'i n Chinatown known by
a a L n < a , me »V and , thvre were - other arrests
made In other places. I never saw white
men smoking opium." °' le
"You have been in Chinatown makintr
special Investigations for you? "ptper^
rio°n U r, Sa 3 i'° U K, aW oncers near the
doors of gambling and lottery dens when
tailed how In some of the dens he was
known as a newspaper 'reporter and that
the owners of the places had laughed
when he came in and had said: "What
you do, write up place? me no care, me
pay allee samee license." The lottery
places designated by Boyle were given as
existing at 735, 723, 719, 747, 709^ Sacra
ment street; 613. 1101, 1106. 617 Dupont
street and 731 Pacific street.
dence and had obtained convictions on
tbe evidence so secured.
The captain of police then arose In his
seat and said that he desired to make an
other explanation.
DEFIES ANY MAN TO
PEOVE HE. WAS BRIBED
Wittman, in Passionate Words, Takes
Another Fling at the
. Examiner.
"When the Police Commission took of
fice," Wlttman said, "I was ordered not to
Interfere with the houses of Ill-fame exisi
ing, but not to allow any new ones to be
opened. So much has been said as to
where the responsibility lies for the exisi
ence of these places that I want to make
this explanation. .1 obey orders and I defy
anyone to prove that I took a'cent of
money from any woman or man to allow
them to defy the law. They tried to fast
en this on me ten years ago and ever since
the Examiner has been hammering away
at me on the same thing." That paper has
never ceased In Its attacks (Mime and if
the truth Is known I think tWM£the Exam
iner does not believe its owiJteharges. !
demanded an inyestigatidrfmWhen these
charges were brought against me and such
honorable men as Judge -Tobln,' William
Alvord 'and Chief Crowleyneard the tes
timony and honorably acquitted me. Tne
Examiner has never been willing to ad
mit that. No man dare say that I am
dishonest. Judge Conlan at that time ap
peared against me, but afterward he to d
mo that he was sorry he had appeared.
The six disreputable women who gave evi
dence against ma have been magnified by
ihe Examiner lnro scores ever since and
they, have constantly maligned me. This
is mbro to me than a mere investigation.
My character Is at stake and itls as dear
to me as your character is to you, gentle
men of the commission. I would have re
signed years ago, but I will allow no man
or men to drive me out of the department.
I leave it to you,- gentlemen, to see that
Justice is done to me. Look in the Exam
iner to-morrow and see how they will
garble my statements made to you."
The audience loudly applauded Captain
Wlttman as he left the witness chair and
he was heard to mutter, "Well, I did not
say half enough." ¦ .
District Attorney Bylngton was the next
witness and he told of the meeting of the
Police Judges when it was proposed by
the Mayor that a plan be carried out to
regulate gambling and vice.
• The Judges, and "myself," said -the Dis
trict Attorney,, "talked the matter over
and we decided that we could do nothing
in violation of the laws."
Mr. Bylngton told how the Mayor had
outlined the plan. He also stated that" .t
was very difficult to secure evidence
against Chinese gamblers which ! would
warrant conviction.
At this point the investigation was ad
journed until 2 p. m.
» — •
EXAMINEB SLETJTH
ACTS AS ACCUSES
Details Given of Taking Part in Chi
nese Gambling and Marking .
Lottery Tickets.
John A Boyle, a reporter for the Exam
iner, was the witness who was under ex
amination during the bulk of the after
noon session. He told how when the
plague scare existed in Chinatown he had
volunteered to stay behind the blockade
for his paper and during that time he be
came conversant . with the ways of the
Chinese. In consequence of what he' saw
and reported to his managing editor, ho
haa been detailed to specially. Investigate
gambling and vice In Chinatown.
Assemblyman Webber conducted the
examination . of Boyle and the same
ground was gone over many times. Boyle
produced a bunch, of lottery tickets
which he claimed to have purchased In
Chinatown and" for nearly two .hours 'he
went into ; details as to when, where and
how he had purchased the tickets from
Chinese dealers. He stated that on every
occasion be had no difficulty in entering
the lottery dens; in fact he was Invited in
by the "Jookouts," He stated that he had
seen many white men in the dens and
that they all played Chinese lottery. The
witness stated that h« had seen police of
ficers close ' to | the < lottery dens when I he
went Into them and, that they had taken
no notice of him- or his actions/ Boyle
enlightened the commission as to day and
night drawings, "two spots" and "five
spots."'- the • time of cashing: winning
tickets -and a lot of data which could
be furnished by hundreds of people if not
thousands in this city. The witness de-
ANSWKRS QUESTION BY
insulting innuendo
Wittman. Says White Men Play Fan
tan Where Judge Laird . • ¦ -
Hails From.
Proceeding, Captain "Wlttman told how
he attended a. meeting of the Police
Judges, but he had only made sugges
tions when called upon. He had only told
the Judges what he had testified to be
fore the commission. • -
"Have you ever heard of white men
playing fantan?"
"Not in San Francisco. I have heard
of it in Bakersfield."
This allusion to Bakersfield raised 1 a
laugh from all present; as Judge Laird,
who was questioning Wlttman, hails from
that city. • . v ¦
"Have you ever seen white men and
boys visiting Chinese houses of 111 re
pute?" * : . . .
"No; they would 'not allow white men
or boys to enter the places. - Orders were
issued in 1900 that no white men or boys
should enter these places." ... • '
Captain Wlttman read the orders to the
police, and Judge Laird said: r.^Gtfc&t
"You "gave those orders, did you not?".
. "No; I did not.""
'•Well, your reading shows it."
"No, H does not, and I will read It again
to you." . ¦ ¦¦..¦....
"If you'say that the Chief issued these
orders and that -no white men or boys
visited these places, why was it necessary
to issue such an order?" . . ..
"Well; the Chief believed that men and
boys were doing llml " "~^PDJBLjfcl
"Did you bo inform him?" ¦ ,
"No; I did not."
the Chinese. They are cunning .and
evasive."
"You don't mean to say that the Chi
nese are superior to your men in know
ledge?"
"Ves. that is just what I mean."
"Have you the records of the places you
raided?"
"Yes, of every raid I made, with the
dates. I am glad I kept them."
"How about the opium dens?"
"There is nothing to prevent a man
smoking opium in his room the same as
tobacco. The Superior- Court has de
cided that. We have to prove, the sale of
opium on the premises for use in order
to secure a conviction. You know what
the law on the subject Is, Judge."
"Is there any difficulty in locating the
opium smoking 1 dens?"
"There are very few of them. They ex
ist largely in the mind of a faking news
paper reporter."
"How about the- places where lottery
tickets arc sold?" .
."They all have strong doors and have
lookouts. On the first sign of the ap
proach of the police the alarm Is given
and the evidence is destroyed."
"Are they patronized by white men?"
"Yes."
"Why can't the police get Into these
places?"
"Like every one else,. they must ! ;be in
troduced." •
"Did you get in."
"Yes."
"Who Introduced you?"
"No one. I went in with a sledge ham
mer."
"Have you ever made any plans for reg
ulating gambling In Chinatown?"
"I don't make plans. I take my orders
from the Chief."
• The witness was asked here If he could
furnish a list of the places In Chinatown
where gambling is' carried on and lottery
tickets sold, and he replied that he would
furnish such a list, but that it would. take
some time to compjle. Captain Wlttman
then described the manner in which the
Chinese gamblers and lottery sellers ope
rate. He told how. If they were broken
up In one quarter, they would start busi
ness In another direction. If arrested and
the fine was heavy, they would appeal
the cases to the Superior courts;, if the
fine was light, they would pay it, and the
great difficulty the police had was to se
cure evidence to convict.
"Have you ever heard of officers of po
lice being brltyd In Chinatown?"
"Yes: I have heard of It. Some years
ago I heard that corruption existed, and
I started to make an investigation. I
stopped In a little time, for I found that I
was making a fool of myself. Wherever I
went I was spotted."
Captain Wittman denied that he - had
suggested a plan to any one to regulate
gambling and vice. \ He had visited the
East in 1896, and had - made a report of
what'hje had seen to the Police Commis
sion and Chief Crowley. "Chief Crowley
told me my report was all right, but that
If we tried it in San Francisco it would
raise a ¦ of a row." •'? ; . ;
Captain Wlttman claimed frequently
during his examination that he obeyed
the instructions of his superiors and tha,t
he was trained to discipline. Judge Laird
conducted the examination of Captain
Wlttman and the good nature of the
Judge is well known. The manner of the
police captain in the witness chair was
far from creditable, whatever his feelings
might have been that he had for years
been hounded by the Examiner, as he
claimed. A grand stand play in denounc
ing the Examiner drew cheers for the
captain from the spectators present.
In reply to the questions put to him,
Captain Wlttman said;
"I have been on the police force of this
city since 18S3. I am 43 years old. I was
first in charge of the squad in Chinatown
in August, 1SS8. After serving three
months I was relieved by Sergeant Gano.
I was a sergeant at that time. Early In
1889 Chief Crowley sent for me' and gave
me orders to go fo Chinatown and arrest
Sergeant Gano and his squad. I did. so
and took them to the City Hall. I relieved
them of their stars and weapons. That
was the only time that I had any direct
work in Chinatown. I am in charge of
the Northern Police District, which in
cludes Chinatown, but the sergeant of the
Chinatown squad reports directly to the
Chief. I da.not know of more raids being
made before I was in charge of the squad
than during the time I was responsible I
know that I made a good showing.
"What officers have been bn duty In
Chinatown?"
"I don't, know. You have the list. It
was ordered for you*."
"Who told you the location of the
gambling places when you went into
Chinatown in charge of the squad?"
"Officer Briggs, who had been with the
previous squad, was retained to do it"
"Is it difficult to find the places where
gambling is carried on in .Chinatown?"
"No, it is not; any one can find them
to-day." , ¦
"Did you ever see at any time gambling
in Chinatown?"
"I have never seen a game of fantan
played or a lottery ticket marked."
"In what manner do you make ar
rests?"
"It is vary difficult. We have to batter
down the doors. -By the time we get in
side all the evidence is destroyed. They
have had eliding doors, secret alley ways
hoppers leading to -the sewers, and when
the alarm is given they quickly destroy
the evidence we are after."
"Could not all these places be broken
up?"
At the morning session all the members
of the commission were on hand and Cap
tain Wlttman was the first witness to be
called.
Taking yesterday's proceedings £j3 . a
sample of what is to be accomplished, the
investigation of the Police Department
narrows down to shrewish sauabble be
tween the self-styled "monarch of the
dailies" and Police Captain Wittman, who
assumes that the Legislature of the eov
ereign State of California Is spending
thousands of dollars to Drove that he, the
captain, is. like Caesar's wife, above sus
picion.
In the morning, afternoon and evening
session held yesterday, not a single fact
was brought out that was of material
value.
Police Captain Wittman, defiant. Inso
lent in demeanor and pelf-assertive, was
under fire for some hours; a youn*
reporter of a morning * paper told,
what every one knows, that lottery tickets
were sold openly in Chinatown, and as
tounded every one by asserting that he
was the only white person who was able
to play fantan with the Chinese in their
gambling dens. Commissioner Newhall of
the Police Commission entered the lists
against a representative of the Examine
and Assemblyman Webber In plain terms
told both parties that the Legislative
Committee did not care -o hear statements
from either side, but was rres nt to make
Investigation for itself. The buga.boo of
the "highbinder" was sprung by the Ex
aminer to prevent the publicity of tho
names of the Chinese ana white men from
whom it claims to have received certain
information that police corruption existed
Jn Chinatown and the Commission of the
Legislature, like the -Prince in "Romei
and Juliet," exclaimed, "A plague on both
your houses."
In the words of Hamlet, the sessions of
the Legislative Committee, which is In
vestigating the local police department. Is
productive of mere "words, words,
words."
tle Courtesy and Displays a Be- '
flant Manner.
He Treats the Commission With. Lit-
CAPTAIN WITTMAN IS
A FLIPPANT WITNESS
appearing. It is expected that ex-Polico
Commissioner William J. Biggywill be the
¦ first witness on the stand to-day.
difficulty in playing 'he lottery, and Po
lice Sergeant Brophy took the stand and
ewore that while, In Chinatown he was
scrupulously honest. Captain Wittman
was in the courtroom ur.d asked that the
Chinese dealer at 731 Pacific street be
summoned. A Deputy Sheriff was sent
after him but he coulcj ;iot find him.
Captain Wittman voluateered to so after
Ihe coolie, to smash In the. doors of hl3
house and bring him to court. This spect
acular effort caught the fancy of the
crowd and Wlttman. at the head of nearly
a hundred men, marched to 731 Pacific
street. He smashed Jn three doors, but
found no coolie Iotterv .dealer. He and
the crowd returned to Hie Hall of Justice
and the Inquiry was resumed.
James H. Barry was placed on the wit
ness Ftand and told how he played a Chi
nese lottery and saw other white men do
the same. The last witness of the night
was Assemblyman Wright, one of the
members of the Investigating committee.
•who went In the earlv evening with an
Examiner reporter to the Chinese quarter
and played both Iotterv and fantan. It
was interesting that both he and the re
porter were at the game. Anybody else
in the courtroom coald. had he desired,
nave played as he bad. but the recital of
hie experience created considerable laugh
ter. The investigatloa will be resumed
this morning:, when an effort will be ma Jo
to have Ho Yow. the Chinese Consul Gen
eral, on the stand. Ho Tow has been
served with a subpoena, but has asked
permission to consult his attorney before
THREE long sessions, morning,
afternoon and evening, marked
yesterday the legislative In
quiry into the affairs of the
Police D;partme"nt.
Police Captain George W.
Wlttman was the first witness
of the day and In many respects he was
the most remarkable one called to the
stand during this Inquiry. He voluntarily
assumed the position that he is the per
eon at whom all accusations are aimed.
He spoke as If he must vindicate himself
Fince an investigation of alleged corrup
tion has been ordered and is In progress.
Occupying this singular position he in
sisted upon resenting charges which have
not been insinuated against him much
less preferred.
He spoke in a high, hysterical key. He
•was deliberately insulting to the investi
gating, committee ana In his calm egotism
provoked frequent outbursts of laughter.
He denounced newspapers in general and
the Examiner in particular. He accepted
frequent opportunities to be profane and
left as a last Impression his assertion that
whatever of crime and evil is going on in
Chinatown he cannot prevent it. "
He went so far as to say that he could
rot make a successful raid on a lottery
game in Chinatown -jnloiss some one would
give him an introduction to the place.
He sv.-ore that he never saw a lottery
ticket marked in San Francisco and never
taw fantan played. In view of the testi
mony of a subsequent witness these as
sertions of Captain Wlttman had a pe
culiar effect.
After he had told that he cannot sup
press gambling Captain Wittman assured
the committee that he had" never accepted
a dishonest dollar jn his life and nobody
can catch him at it. He never was dis
honest, he said. an<l he never will be. He
feels, he declared, that his character is
at etake in this investigation and ho
stands ready to be caught if that is pos
sible. With this remarkable conclusion
he was excused and District Attorney
Bylngton took his place. His testimony,
however, was not important, as it shed
no new light on the inquiry-
The fir*t witness of the afternoon was
John Boyle, an Examiner reporter, who
showed conclusively that gambling is
nrtoriously open and widespread In. the
Chinese quarter. He has patronized many
lottery jigeneies and never found the
slightest difficulty in entering the games.
In every place he found many white pa
trons. He also declared that he played
fantan in the clubs and found access to
them practically as easy as to the lot
teries. His testimony showed that gamb
ling is significantly wide open in China
town.
When he attempted to prove that this
condition' of affairs means that the police
are corrupt, he stopped where all Inves
tigators have stopped before. He could
prove nothing except on the word of Chi
nese, who, of course, cannot be^ believed
in a court of Justice or anywKere else.
The names of his Chinese informants he
would not give and George A- Newhall.
president nf the Police Commission, de
manded that the investigating commit
tee insist upon asking for them. Objec
tion was made and the committee de
clared that if it wanted the name* It
would ask for them. As far as proof of
blackmail or corruption was concerned,
the testimony of Boyle therefore had no
significance.
The Rev. Drs. Baker and Bane related
their experience In Chinatown, where
they saw gambling being conducted utter
ly without molestation from the police.
The social evil Is rampant and. under con
ditions which make It horrifying.
In order that the inquiry may be
hastened to its conclusion an evening ses-
Elon was held and several witnesses were
examined. The first was Fred Hobro.
who was supposed to know something,
but did not. William Maloney and Hugh
Thompson, newspaper men, took the
*tand and corroborated the assertion of
Boyle that at 731 Pacific street a Chinese
lottery dealer had Informed him that he
was safe from police molestation because
when he did not pay a fine In court he
paid Captain Wittman. •
A. I. Torres testified that he found ao
Jf HE legislative committee which is investigating the af
fairs of the Police Department was treated to a series of
exciting incidents, but the inquisitors are as far as they ever
were from any tangible proof that any member of the police
force has received a dollar in blackmail from Chinese gamblers or
other coolie offenders.
Captain JVittman created something of a sensation by t'olun
tarily accepting the proposition that in this inquiry his reputation is
at. stake. He treated the inz'esti gators in an insolent manner, ar
raigned the Examiner as a malicious sheet which has hounded him
for years, and defied any one to prove that he ever accepted or
sought a dishonest dollar in his life.
He' candidly admitted his inability to cope with the gamblers of
Chinatozi'n, and confessed that even the conviction of isolated of
fenders is practically impossible. When three witnesses testified
that a Chinese lottery-dealer had told them that he paid bribes
to JVittman, the police captain, angry, excited and theatrical, rushed
from the courtroom and, followed *
by a hundred men, zi'cnt to the lot
tery place, smashed in three doors j i
and returned without the desired • . • c
coolie dealer. The effort teas /^^^^. *"
spectacular if not effective. f^f^SHft
No Proof Has Yet Been Submitted
. That the Police Department, in
Reference to Chinese, Is Corrupt
WITTMAN PLEADS FOR HIS REPUTATION AND MAKES
A FUTILE EFFORT TO CAPTURE A CHINESE ACCUSER
Assemblyman Wright Becomes an
Amateur Gambler, Plays Fan-
Tan and Boasts of a Winning
jggB^h £ VERAL amateur gamblers zvere placed on the zi'itiresi
stand yesterday by the legislative inquisitors, and told how
Ujm easily, frequently and successfully they have played lotto y
and fantan in the Chinese quarter. It is not clear zirh?t
purpose this testimony ivas supposed to serve. The police admit tlu:t
whites and Asiatics gamble in Chinatown; Ihe public has bee. i
aware of the fact for years. The point of the inquiry is to discover \
why gambling is not stopped by the police. Thus far nothing more
serious than suspicion and innuendo lias been produced to bear upon
this issue. ' .
The t star gambler of the evening was Assemblyman Wright,
who deserted his associates for the night session to follow the fas
cinating beans of fantan in a Chinese gambling-house.. He zvas
proud to say he zvon a fezv dollars in his exciting venture. He has
also a lottery ticket which may x K f w to-day. James H. Barry,
a Grand Juryman, also testified that he flirted with the fickle goddess
and didn't even make good as a four-spot. An Examiner reporter
+ added a detailed account of the
ups and dozvns of Chinese gam
* — i bling, and as far as interest zvas
¦ .^S^_fe\ concerned the testimony zi-as over.
/^3^taKw^ ie Q. ucst * on si *M remains. Is the
you were going in. Give us the names
of the officers." ,. .
"I do not know them."
Mr. Knowland — Have you ever told th«*
police of the result of your Investiga
tions?
"I have not."
"Have you ever offered to conduct th<*
police to the places where you purchased
lottery tickets?"
"I have not."
"Did you ever file a complaint as to
these lottery dens?"
"I did not."
"Did you ever tako any action on thes.i
matters besides reporting them to your
paper?"
"I did not."
"Why did you not give information t->
the police?"
"Because the relations between myself
and Chief Sullivan were strained and on
one occasion he told me he did not want
me to enter his office."
"Have you ever made any effort ta
locate tht numbers of the stars of the
police officers who you say stood near
a lottery den when you went In?"
"I have not."
"Could you recognize the officers if you
saw them?"
"I don"t think so."
REFUSES TO FURNISH
NAMES OF INFORMERS
Police Demand Them and Examiner
Insists That They Be Not
Made Public.
At this point Mr. Webber asked Boyla
for the names of the white men and Chi
nese whom he claims told him that money
for immunity was paid to Captain Wlft
man. Boyle declined to answer on the
ground that he had pledged himself to
secrecy, and that publicity of the names
might lead to serious trouble.
Police Commissioner Newhall here arose
ar,d asked the commission to insist on tbe
witness giving the names in public.
Mr. Livernash. who said he was one of
the editors of the Examiner, also ad
dressed the commission, and said that his
paper did not want to be the cause of
bloodshed and murder, which would fol
low If the names asked for were made
public. He Insisted that the" witness had
a right to refuse to give the names espe
cially as the Police Commission had re
fused to make public- names of witnesses
In the examination Into Lieutenant Price's
record for the same reasons— averting
bloodshed in Chinatown. nms
Commissioner of Police Newhall re
turned to the fray and said that the de
partment desired the blood of no one brt
that If the names were to be giver to' the
commission they should be given "in pub-
Assemblyman "Webber: "We don't want
to hear from either the Examiner or tha
Police Department. We don't want tho
SfcSKV* th f ,f lvln « of them "*«U rausa
bloodshed. know something of Chinese
wil get them for our own use. We don't
seek to force this witness to divulge the
F-?.t^£f an ? K -. Bake EO f the Methodist
Episcopal church on Powell street wa«
then examined. His testimony was that
he had accompanied Reporter Boyle in
2 U ! st °£,<£ hInese >°ttery tickets. The?
i? d n .1 diffic " l ty In purchasing them and
tHe witness had heard a. Chinese sav" that
there was no danger, as. he, the Chine™
paid "allee samee license." The witne<*«
characterized what *.e s w In Chinitn^n
Sf^ih* '; wlde^ pen o" "^had^'comTa*
nicd the Rev. Mr. Bane through China
town a week ago Monday to aeVi* tn"?a\
had been any. change caused by the "er N
mons preached against gambling bv the
ministry. "I saw no change," said the
.u The v^ ev - *£*• Bane was th^n called to
the chair, and eaid that the previous wlt
?^ ha &K last T> weel^ tak £ n , h!m lnt » China,
town. The Rev. Dr. Baker had pointed
ou i^ to , hlm , certaln stores which he de
scribed as lottery places. They went Into
one of them and Dr. Baker purchased a
ticket. He had also pointed out to him
places in the alleyways which Dr. Baker
said were gambling dens. He also eaw
white men and boys go in and come cut
of the places where Chinese women of
shame were sitting at the windows.
.*P? n l R £ b^ rt^ of ,\ he E * am! «er testified
that he had detailed Witness Boyle to
make the special Investigation of China
town which the witness had testified to
Tb.e commission then adjourned, to meet
at 8 p. m.
WITTMAITS RAID A
SENSATIONAL FARCE
Telepathy or Mind-Reading May
Have Made the SI edge-Hammered
lottery-Keeper Skip.
"Winnings or grand jurors and members
of the Assembly committee In lottery and
fantan games, and a sensational patrol
wagon raid, marked the meeting last
night. The Information obtained by the
committee waf to the effect that games
were running wide open In Chinatown and
that If escorted by the representative of
a newspaper any one could call the right
turn.
Inconsequential testimony was given by
Fred S. Hobro.. a plumber's helper, at 734
"Washington street. He Is a brother or
Hobro of peculiar civil service fame, and
knew nothing of Chinatown except that
he passes through there daily.
F. 8. Meloney and Q: S. Thompson,
newspaper men, were placed on the stand.
Melomfy testified that. In company with
other reporters. Including Thompson, he
went into a lottery Joint at 731 Pacific
street, played freely, but got - nothing.
Meloney said that he heard the Chinese
proprietor remark that there would be no
trouble about procuring tickets.
"Sometime go court, pay fine; some
tiiies pay Captain Wlttman," the Chinese
proprietor Is alleged to have said.
Thompson In his testimony stated that
he also had visited the same place, was
not on speaking terms with the Chief of
Police and was denied admittance to his
office for personal reasons.
During a lull in the proceedings Captain
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUAKr 9, 1901.
2
To Care ths Grip In Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Quir.lne removes the coum.*ers, was the only witness examined. He
acted as Chief of Police until Colonel W.
P. Sullivan was chosen to succeed Chief
Lees, who was placed on the retired list.'
Biggy, in succinct way, told the story
of his political rise and fall. Because-of
his refusal to stand-by an agreement en
tered into between Mayor Phelan and the
Examiner to make Lieutenant Esola Chief
of Police, he was removed from the com
mission and his place on the board given
to ex-Judge Wallace. . >
"I wish It to be understood, gentlemen,"
said Biggy after being sworn, "that I am
out of politics. . I want no 'public • office.
If I ever accept another one It will be
when I have" a competency. I am here
in answer to your subpena and at con
siderable cost to my private business af
fairs. I will willingly answer all questions
asked me and aid you in your investiga
tion. I have no friends to reward nor ene
mies to punish."
: Biggy was then asked to tell the Jury
under what circumstances and conditions
he was appointed Police Commissioner by
Mayor Phelan.
"I did not seek appointment on the Po
lice Board," said he. "I wanted a place
on the Board of Public Works. I felt
that I would be able to do some good
there.
"A day or two before Mayor Phelan an
nounced the appointments I received a
note from Mr. Lawrence, asking me to
call at the Examiner office. I went there.
Lawrence told me that he had informa
tion, to the ¦ effect that ¦ I was 'slated' for
the Police Commission instead of the
Board of Public Works.' That was . the
first time that I heard my name men
tioned in connection with the Police Com
mission. I, asked him to tell me the name
of his informant. He refused to-do so.
saying that the Information was of a con
fidential nature. He assured me, however,
that there waa no doubt. about my ap
pointment. . ':
"The subject » of ¦ making \ Lieutenant
Esola Chief of Police was. then broached
by him. While I did not make any direct
promise to support Esola, I said that I
felt favorably Inclined toward his candi
dacy. After the appointments were made
I received an invitation to attend a caucus
In Mayor Phelan's ¦ office. I 1 1 attended " it
and there was introduced to Esola. When
the newspaper attack was made on Esola
I felt friendly toward him and that-friend
ly feeling existed up to the time he testi
fied - before the Police Commission that
he / had no recollection of the caucus - in
Mayor Phelan's office. -j I knew then that
he was either a perjurer or a man so men
tally weak that he was not fitted. for the
Important office of Chief of Police., I'an
nounced that I would .not vote for h'imj
and there the trouble began. •
.'•Mayor Phelan and' Mr. Lawrence tried
to whiD me Into line. I told them that
under no circumstances would I vote for
Esola. The rest of the story you know,
gentlemen. Mayor Phelan removed me
from the board and relegated me to pri
vate life. I am not sorry for that. I
much rather prefer' being a private cit
izen than a public official, If with an of
fice I must surrender my spirit. I have
never been dictated to by any one nor
forced to "do what my conscience dictates
to me is not right."
"Are you friendly with the Mayor?"
asked one cf the Jurors.
"We have never spoken since the night
of my removal from office." replied Biggy.
"While you were acting as Chief of Po
lice was any attempt made to bribe you?"
was asked.
"Only on one occasion," replied Biggy.
"I arrested a Chinaese for a misdemeanor
and he slipped $5 into my hand to let him
go. I then placed an additional charge of
attempted bribery against him."
"Did any charges of crookedness on the
part of police officers In Chinatown reach
your ears?"
• VI heard several rumors of crooked
ness,"' answered Biggy, "but I was un
able to find any proof of wrongdoing."
"Do you believe it possible to close the
gambling dens and bawdy houses in the
Chinese quarter?" asked another Juror.
"I do," answered Biggy. "When I as
sumed office as Acting Chief of Police I
consulted with the police captains and
told them I wanted fifteen men who could
be trusted. They named fifteen policemen
for me. I sent the men Into Chinatown
and very soon closed up the gambling
houses and other dens. There may have
been a game running here and there, but
they never ran until the squad had gone
home for the night."
"Do you believe that the existing laws
are sufficient to do away with the places
complained of?"
¦ -."I do," replied the ¦witness. "The laws
are amply sufficient. All that' is neces
sary to eradicate the evil Is to secure
proper officials to enforce the laws. There
is no trouble about the law. The lack of
enforcement is what causes all these 'ru
mors of crookedness. The men who aro
sent Into Chinatown to close the dens
must be men who can resist temptation,
for the Chinese are great, tempters. With
fifteen men who will not listen to the
tempter, it should be an easy matter to
close all the objectionable houses in the
Chinese quarter."
• The investigation will be_ resumed next
Monday night. . " " •¦¦¦-;-.':«. ¦¦
only time he played the game. Torres saw
one less, because there were only seventeen
present when he got in. Others ranged
in their estimates down to three, not in
cluding the Chinese proprietors.
Sergeant of Police William F. Brophy
was also on the stand to deny the allega
tion that while In charge of the China
town squad he was the go-between be
tween the Chinese gamblers and the
Police Department. He denied absolute
ly the statement made by a previous wit
ness that "he was worse than Sergeant
Mahoney in collecting the weekly
tribute." • •
PHEI*AN DEMANDS THE
NAMES OF ACCUSERS
Consul General Ho Yow. who was
subpenaed as a witness, declined to re
spond to the summons until he had con
sulted with his attorney.
The inquiry will be resumed this morn
ing at the usual hour.
Investigating Committee Asked to
Examine the Chinese and Whites
Who Attacked Officers.
It was not to be expected that the as
sertion of John Boyle, the Examiner re
porter, that Chinese and white men had
informed him that the police were accept
ing bribes, would pass unchallenged. He
refused to give the names, and in a half
hearted way the committee has sustained
him. In the following letter Mayor Phe-
Ian demands that the reporter's inform
ants be summoned and examined: ,
February 8, 1901.
Hon. Joseph R. Knowland. Chairman Special
Assembly Committee— Dear Sir: I observe that
Mr. Boyle of the Examiner, In giving his testi
mony to-day before your committee, enumer
ated various amounts which ¦ he claimed were
l>ald by Chinese to the police as bribe money
•to protect Ramblers and others against inter
ference, but 'he refused to give . publicly the
sources of his information or the names of his
informants, who are Chinese, and who, as he
Fays, pledged him to secrecy as to their Iden
tity. As the witness, however, expressed his
willingness to give this information privately
to the committee, I respectfully suggest that
the committee cite these . persons and compel
them to testify. If any money has been paid to
policemen I desire to know it. and this Is an
easy and o.uick way of ascertaining '. the truth.
I will feel very grateful to the committee for
any service of this kind. Respectfully yours,
JAMES D. PHEL.AN, Mayor.
GBASTD JURORS PROBE
INTO CHINESE AFFAIRS
The investigation being . made . by the
Grand Jury into the management of po
lice affairs was resumed yesterday after
noon. William J. Biggy, a former mem
ber of tbe Board of Police Co mmission-
Wittman eaid that he would bring in the
proprietor of that lottery Joint even if it
took a sledge hammer to get him Into
court. Meloney and Thompson had. in
the meanwhile been out with a deputy
sheriff in order to hale the offending lot
tery keeper before the committee.
"I'll take all the consequences, ex
claimed Wittman. "I'll do this en my own
personal responsibility."
He went downstairs, got his sledge
hammer and a patrol wagon. Reporters
Jumped In and record speed was . made
to the lottery joint.
One blow of Wittman's hammer resulted
in smashing the front door. Everybody
rushed in. looking for the game that was
not there. Somebody told the captain
that "he" might be in another room, and
so more doors were smashed. The Cap
tain of Police left the patrol wagon driver
in charge, drove the horses and his sledge
hammer back and reported to the com
mittee that the man he exp«:ted to find
had gone calling or got out the back way
Into Sullivan alley. The Incident would
have been funny if it were not for the dis
comflture of Captain "Wittman. His ex
cuses for not finding the elusive lottery
man provoked a smile on the faces of the
investigators. It will probably cost Cap
tain Wittman about $1 75 in damages to
make good his sledge hammer bluff.
Grand Juror James H. Barry was the
star witness of the night. Unctuously he
told how he had been led astray and
tempted to woo the fickle goddess of for
tune by one Boyle, a Journalist. He went
with him to several lottery joints. Some
times Boyle paid, sometimes Barry. On
Boyle's paid-for tickets Barry won noth
ing*. In one place, 723 Sacramento
street, 'Barry played a ticket for 15 cents.
His employe. A. H. Torres, who also has
the habit of buying tickets, cashed in
J10 45 as a result of Boyle's markings.
Torres described Barry's as "a 15-cent
throe- way ticket." Barry claimed that
he did not know what that meant, an.1
was greatly perturbed at his adventures
with Boyle, because his children called
him "a Chinee gambler." Barry said he
gave his winnings to Torres because he
thought playing lottery was naughty.'
Assemblyman Wright of the Investigat
ing committee was the last witness of the
night- Like the unctuous Barry, he had
also gone out with Boyle, but the Hon.
Mr. Wrtght played fantan. He won
$5 50. which a member of the committee
remarked sotto' voce, "Was good for
many steams or even a small bottle."
Wrigrht said he had no difficulty in getting
into the fantan games, saw no other white
men there, and although he could not
lay down the rules of Ah Hoyt still he
won the money. He Jingled it fondly In
his pocket.
Evidence was sought by the committee
as to the number, of white men and boys
and Chinese that visited' these games.
Barry counted eighteen in one place, the
WITTMAH PLEADS FOR HIS REPUTATION AND MAKES A FUTILE EFFORT TO CAPTURE A CHINESE ACCUSER
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 8.— Senate bill No. 160, pro
viding for the payment of the claim of
Claus Spreckels against the State, was
passed this afternoon 1n the Assembly
without a dissenting voice. All of the
sixty Assemblymen present voted for it
and the bill will now go to the Governor
for his signature.
The claim is for that portion of the fund
of $25,000 placed at the disposal of Gover
nor Budd for the relief of the drought suf
ferers In Monterey and San Luis Oblspo
counties which was actually expended by
the Commissioners appointed by the Gov
ernor. It is somewhat in excess of Jll.OOQ.
and Mr. Spreckels announced some
months ago to President Benjamin Ido
Applause greeted the remarks of each
speaker and on the roll call the membe.-s
voted with a heartiness expressive of their
pleasure in supporting the bill.
. The measure recently passed the Senate
by a unanimous vote.
"The people of San Luis Oblspo, whom
I represent." said John, "are equally
grateful. Claus Spreckels nobly came to
their assistance and the money which he
gave when none could be had from other
sources for distribution by the State was
used for a noble purpose."
pie of Monterey County I desire to ex
press their heartfelt thanks to the man
who was their benefactor. They want to
see this claim paid and I ask you on their
behalf to express your gratitude by giving
this bill a unanimous vote."
Epecial Dispatch to The CalL
Wheeler that If the claim were paid by
the State he would give its amount to the
University of California. When the blil
came up for final passage to-day, Melick
of Los Angeles said:
"The character of this claim is such that
It deserves a unanimous vote. The act or
Claus Spreckels upon which this debt of.
honor is based was a noble, generous one.
It is an example, an inspiration to us a\\
and in our pride to have such a citizen in
our midst it is certainly fitting that the
State should return now the money that
was so timely for relief and yet which
could be secured for that purpose in no
other way."
"I indorse everything that the gentle
man from Los Angeles has said." Fellz of
Monterey said, "and on behalf of the peo-
Claim Is Described as a Debt of Honor, and After Eulogistic Speeches Assem
blymen Register Votes in Favor of Its Passage.
SENATE BILL PROVIDING TO REIMBURSE
CLAUS SPRECKELS IS UNANIMOUSLY PASSED
cision of that point to Senator Devlin,
and the latter says it will be time enough
for- the Senate to concern itself when the
Assembly has given the bill a two-thirds
majority.
FISK'S DIVORCE BELL
DEFEATED IN ASSEMBLY
Believed That Pending Bill Intro
duced by Sheridan Covers the Case
More Thoroughly.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. &.— disk's Assembly bill 58.
relating to the' granting of divorces, was
defeated In the Assembly this morning.
The feature of the bill was the repeal of
the inhibition against remarriage within
a year after divorce. Fisk made a strong
fight for his bill, but It was defeated
mainly because a bill is pending of which
Sheridan is the author which, many be
lieve, meets the case better than Fisk's
measure.
Thp hill flnnronHatinor SlO.fxV) for ?>!»•
The bill appropriating $10,000 for the
completion of buildings at the Dos An
geles State Normal School was passed
this morning.
FHOTESTS AGAINST
GAGE'S HEALTH BILLS
relegation From San Francisco Ap-
psaxs Before Assembly Commit
tee on Judiciary.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 8.— A delegation from San
Francisco was beforo the Assembly Com
mittee on Judiciary this evening to pro
test against the Governor's health bills.
The bills before the committee were As
sembly bills 553 and .V>X one- to malce the
publication of the presence of contagious
diseases a felony, unless the State Board
of Health has previously declared tha
disease to exist, and the other compels
local health boards lo act directly under
the authority ol the State Board, and giv
ing the State Board control wherever an<l
whenever It cares to exercise It.
The delegation from San Francisco
which came up to oppese the bills wa»
composed of W. R. Wheeler and Charles
E. Naylor. of the Commerce Committee;
Hugh Craig and Morris U. Bates, of tha
Chamber of Commerce; William M. Bun
ker, of the Merchants' Association; H. £>-
Loveland. of the Board of Trade. anJ
George Plummer. of the Shipowners' As
sociation. The committee was accompan
ied by Dr. Williamson, president of the
San Francisco Board of Health, and Dr.
A. P. O'Brien. Health Office of San Fran
cisco.
Those who spoke were JCaylor, Cralcr.
Williamson. Bunker ana "Wheeler. Nay
lor argued that, from a legal point of
view, the Legislature could not pass a
general law to govern the city when It
had ratified a charter that rav» to tha
city a government of its own. Dr. Wil
liamson spoke from the standpoint of a
physician, describing the better position
of the local board of health to 'find and
control disease within the city, and tha
serious embarrassment* that would follow
were it made but an, appendage of tha
State body. He referred also to- the In
consistency which made dereliction of
duty on the part of a tocal board of health
or any of its attaches a felony, and simi
lar dereliction on the cart of the State
Board or any of its attaches, only a mis
demeanor.
The delegation was plied with questions
as to the- city's objection to the authority
of the State Board of Health, and the re
ply that the objection was on the theorv
that the city best* knew its own internal
needs, drew more questions as to the re
lations between the city and State.
But the tables were turned and the dele
gation demanded why the existing order
of things should be upset and the author
ity of a competent board" should be sup
planted by one claimed to be no better.
The session closed and the delegation was
courteously dismissed. Xo fiction was
taken upon the bills, that being reserved
for a future meeting.
U9:s of Public Land.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. S.— An interesting
point of constitutional law was raised in
Judge Wellborn's court to-day In tho
case of the United States against Blas
ingame for alleged trespass on Govern
ment land at Fresno. Judge Wellborn
held In a previous decision in the same
case, brought at that time as a criminal
offense, that CongTess had no power to
leave the making of rules and regula
tions governing forest reserve land to the
Secretary of Interior. The present suit
is brought for trespass and damage. Tho
attorneys for the defense claim that by
common law right sheep and cattle are
allowed to range on Government prop
erty. United States Attorney Flint claims
that since the land belongs to the forest
reserve it is no longer public land.
ALAMEDANS AGREE
ON BEAPPOHTTONMENT
New Assemblyman Will Be Given to
Berkeley and Ssnator to the
Country.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 8— The Alameda County
delegation met twice to-day and agreed
provisionally -ipon the reapportionment
lines of the county under the Cutter bill.
The delegation has had internecine trou
bles in cutting out a new Senatorial and
a hew Assembly district, but practical
agreement was reached at these confer
ences.
The new Assemblyman -will go to Berke
ley. The northern ends of the Forty-ninth
and Fifty-first .districts are cut off to
make the new district, which thus com
prises Berkeley and West Berkeley. Little
change except this Is made in the Assm
bly dictrlcts. A small portion Is to be
taken frcm the Fiftieth District, which
Bliss represents, to add to Kelley's dis
trict, the Fortv-eighth in order to con
form to the new ward lines in Oakland.
The new Senator will be given to the
country. The district will comprise Mur
iay, Washington. Eden and probably
Brooklyn townships. There will be some
changes of the lines of the other Senato
rial districts. The Seventh Ward in Oak
land will probably be taken from Lukens"
district and put in Taylor's district, al
though Taylor does not yearn for that
stronghold of the Pardee-Dalton forces.
The amended Cutter apportionment bill
will precipitate numerous fights, both in
the Senate and Assembly. As an illustra
tion-of this Senator Smith of Kern has
expressed his intention of fighting the al
lotment of an extra Senator to Alameda.
MITCH OPPOSITION
TO BURNETT'S BILL
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb.' 8.— Burnett's Senate bill
351, which provides that the name of the
manufacturer and his address must be
plainly marked upon all- goods manufac
tured in this State, has aroused consid
erable opposition, and there Is now under
consideration an amendment designed to
meet and allay the objections that have
been urged against the measure.
The bill provides that every article
manufactured shall bear this Imprint, but
it further provides that when this is im
possible or impracticable the stamp may
be placed on the package or covering in
which the articles are packed.
The objection to the bill, however, which
it will be- attempted to do away with by
amendment, lies In the fact that It would
prevent the common custom among busi
ness men of having goods manufactured
for them especially stamped with the
selling firm's name. Some form of amend
ment which will- allow this, while not al
lowing the goods so exempted to be made
by Chinese or convict labor and after
ward sold without the tell-tale mark will
be drawn. If possible, before the bill comes
up for second reading.
The primary object of the bill Is to pre
vent the sale of Chinese-made goods
without letting the buyer know that he
is purchasing such goods, and also to
enable the proper person to be held re
sponsible . in case of adulteration. The
objection to the bill came mainly from
the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation of San Francisco.'^nd It was
directed not to the principle but to the
operation of the measure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 8.— Governor Gage
sent his first veto message of the
session to the Assembly this aft-
ernoon. Atherton's bill, re-enact
ing in somewhat different form the act
by which San Quentin convicts have been
employed on a road across the marsh, was
sent to the Governor at 2:15 o'clock. At 3
o'clock his veto message was sent to the
Assembly. It was as follows:
"Executive Department. State of Califor
nia, Sacramento. Feb. 8, 1901. •
"To the Assembly of the State of Cali
fornia: I herewith return to your honora
ble- body, without my approval, with my
objections thereto, Assembly bill No. 88,'
entitled 'An act authorizing the State
Prison Directors of the State of Califor
nia to employ prisoners in the construc
tion and repair of roads to the State pris
on at San Quentln.'
"The bill authorizes the State Board of
Prison Directors* during the four years
next succeeding the passage of the act
to employ prisoners daily in the construc
tion and repair of such publit; roads as
have been or shall hereafter be laid out
or opened by the Board of Supervisors
of Marin County, and which extend from'
the State prison and grounds of San Quen
tln to Point Tlburon or any railroad sta
tion in Marin County within four miles
of said State prison. By the terms of this
bill the prisoners are to be employed in
work to be done upon the county roads
of Marin County, and such work is there
intended for the benefit of the county of
Marin. as well as for such incidental bene
fit as might How to the State.
"This act. in my opinion, clearly vio
lates subdivision 7 of section 25 article IV.
of the State constitution, which, among
other things, prohibits the Legislature
from passing local or special laws 'au
thorizing the laying out. opening, altering,
maintaining or vacating roads, highways,
streets, alleys, town plats, parks, ceme
teries, graveyards or public grounds not
owned by the State.'
"This bill is likewise contrary to the
spirit of section 3 of article X of the con
stitution, which reads as follows:
" 'After the first day of January, eight-
Bin Hal Large Majorities In
Both Houses, but Mag Not
Be Recalled.
Saus the Act Is a Clear Vio
lation of the State Con- *
• stitution-
RETURNS BILL
INTRODUCED
BY ATHERTON
Gpecial Dispatch to Tha Call.
Ing trip to San Francisco, San Jose, Ever
green and Monterey. The members of the
committee have leave of absence till Tues
day.
« ¦ •
AGRICULTURAL PARK
BILL PASSES COMMITTEE
Is Amended Out of Form and Void
and Will Meet Warm Reception
When Presented.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 8.— The Agricultural Park
bill has passed the Senate Finance Com
mittee and Monday it will emerge from
its temporary obscurity and take its place
on the rile. Its best friend will not know
it, however, for it appears In the form of
a substitute measure. The elaborate
scheme for the purchase of land, the
building of tracks and the erection of
buildings had dwindled down to a plain,
unvarnished appropriation to pay the
debts of the State Agricultural Society
and to turn over to the State the land
which has been in the society's name. It
is provided in the bill, however, that the
State shall use the land only for the pur
poses of a fair grounds and a racetrack.
In this form the bill was favorably voted
upon by the committee.
The committee vote does not end mat
ters, however, for the commltteemen. with
one or two exceptions, who voted for the
measure, will vote against it on the floor
of the House unless the provision trans
ferring the land to the State is further
amended In accordance with the senti
ment expressed by the committee this
evening and the promise of Senator Dev
lin, the author of the original bill, to se
cure the consent of the members of the
society to the proposed change. The
change demanded is the unconditional
transfer of the property to the State, in
fee simple, with no strings or conditions
and no promises on either side. Unless
this is done the bill will have no chance
in the Senate, for the members of the
Finance Committee will oppose it bitterly.
The original plan of the society was to
substitute two bills for the original meas
ure, one to appropriate $45,000 to pay the
debts, amounting to $43,625 3S, and the
other to appropriate $35,000 to erect a
grandstand and other buildings on the
grounds. The committee would not hear
of the $35,000 appropriation and so the
fight was made on the appropriation to
pay the debts. A schedule submitted
shewed the total losses of the society for
the last ten years to be $48,179 94 and the
gains $4551 50. In only two years were
there gains. The balance on the wrong
side of the ledger, $43,625 35. is repre
sented by two notes held by D. O. Mills &
Co., one for $25,000 and one for $12,000, and
bills payable amounting to $6625 3S.
The action of the committee was taken
mninly to get the bill off the committee
files and into the Senate.
GEEEB INTBODUCES
APPORTIONMENT BELL
Slakes a Number of Radical Changes
in Cutter Act Already Under
Consideration.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 8.— Greer introduced in the
Assembly this morning an apportionment
bill ¦which makes a number of changes
from the amended Cutter bill, sent in by
the Senate committee. The object is to
rearrange Assembly districts as mapped
out in the Cutter bill, so that Sacramento
may have three Assemblymen. Its dis
tricts are numbered Seventeenth, Eight
eenth and Nineteenth in the Greer bill,
and the following groupings in districts,
different from the Cutter bill, are made,
all in order to give Sacramento the extra
Assemblyman: Tenth District. Placer;
Eleventh. Amador, El Dorado and Alpine;
Twenty-fifth, Stanislaus and Calaveras;
Twenty-sixth. Tuolumne, Mariposa. Ma
dera and Mono; Twenty-seventh, Tulare
and Inyo; Fifty-eighth, San Benito and
Merced.
Guilfoyle introduced a constitutional
amendment for furnishing State text
books free of cost to pupils of the common
schools; also leaving to the County Su
perintendent and County Board of Edu
cation full control of the issuance of cer
tificates to teachers of schools within
their jurisdiction.
Cromwell came to the front with an
other bill for the protection and advance
ment of the hen. It appropriates $5000 for
the establishment, near Petaluma. of a
•¦California State Experimental Poultry
Farm." This proposed State hen ranch is
to be a department of the University of
California. Sims introduced the same bill
in the Senate.
Assembly bill C73, introduced by Feliz.
appropriates J4200 and establishes a Board
of Trustees of the Monterey Customs
house, and provides for the control of that
property by the State.
Hlpby introduced a bill appropriating
$20,000 for a State highway from Hollister
to Salinas.
Ralston, Who Fought It in the Committee,
Casts His Vote for Its Passage.
Th» Public Buildings and Grounds Com
rnitt*^ will leave to-morrow on a junket-
The Assembly Committee on Commerce
and Navigation will leave to-morrow
mornir.g for San Francisco to meet the
Harbor Commissioners in conference upon
the bills ratifying the lease of the China
Basin.
The Senate junketir.e committee to the
Glen Ellen Home for Feeble-Minded Chil
dren and the Xapa Insane Asylum was
appointed this morning. The members
from the Hospitals Committee are Sena
tors Rowell. Muenter and Smith, of Los
Angeles: from the Finance Committee.
Senators Luchslnper. Flint and Leavitt.
The committee will leave to-morrow un
der Dromlse to return early Monday.
Savage Introduces Resolution Which
Goes to the Extreme of
Absurdity.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. £.— Savagre of Los Angeles
introduced in the Assembly to-day a reso
lution which coes quite to the extreme of
aosurdity in junke'ing trips. It author
izes the Committee on Public Morals to
visit places of amusement, the frequent
ing of which by children is sought to be
prevented by several bills now pending;
a.lso to make trir-s of Investigation in re
pard to a bill introduced to-day by Brown
«t £an Francisco, making It a felony to
bind the feet of a child so as to cause
malformation. Under the resolution the
committee might take a trip to any city
of the State where beer halls and similar
places of amusement exist or where there
are any considerable number of Chinese
residents.
The Assembly, hardened as It !s to ex
pensive junketing and the repeated dupli
cation of trips to public institutions, re
ceived the resolution with some derision.
"Webber, the- chairman of the Committee
on Public Morals, was in the Assembly
chamber all day yesterday, but he left
t».e resolution to be introduced to-day in
his absence. Savage, who introduced it
by request, seemed somewhat ashamed of
havir.g done it.
The resolution was referred to the Way?
and Means Committee, and in view of
that committee's recent attitude in oppo
sition to the multiplicity of junketing
trips, the resolution will probably die in
committee.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- j
MEXTO. Feb. S.— The bill appro- 1
priatir.g 51.V>.000 additional for the
debris impounding system was
passed in the Assembly this after-
Tioon without a single negative vote. The
bill has already passed the Senate and
Is ready for the Governor's signature.
Ralston, who fought the biH !n the
Mines and Mining Committee, spoke In
Its support. He eaid:
"In committee I took the ground that
the 1500,000 already available should be
partially expended at least before the
State should be asked for this final ap
propriation. However, the United States
engineers in charge of the Government
plans have refused to recommend the ex
penditure of any part of the money
available until the entire JiDO.OQO from the
State has been appropriated, and in view
of that fact I will vote for the bill."
Irish, who introduced the original As
eembly bill corresponding to the commit
tee substitute for the Senate bill which
v.as under consideration, spoke briefly,
trd Duryea said that he had been incor
rectly reported as having voted against
the bill in the Committee o:i Mines and
Mining. He said he found the miners of
his district were unanimous in support
rt it and that he believed that in voting
for It he was voting for the interests of
the miners and of the agriculturists.
The vote was 55 ayes, no noes. Ray.
¦xho opposed the bill in the Committee
on Mines and Mining, refrained from vot
ir.g. .
EXPENSIVE JUNKETING
TRIP XOW PLANNED
ASSEMBLY UNANIMOUSLY
PASSES MINING MEASURE
GALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 8.-The character of
aid that Is to be extended to the
'University of • California was put
beyond ail question at a confer
ence at 2 o'clock this afternoon between
Governor Gaga and a number of Senators.
The result' is in the nature of a compro
mise between rhose in favor of the Gov
ernor's plan and the partisans of the
Kowell bills.
The bill carrying a direct appropriation
of $200,000. will be passed by the Senate and
Assembly and signed by the Governor —
such Is the assurance given -to-day. Of
the Rowell bills all will be dropped but
one— the measure imposing a tax en the
act of incorporation. This bill will be
urged, and if it passes the revenue it
yields will be placed in the general fund,
while direct appropriations will be drawn
from that fund for the support of the
university.
Senator Rowell, a Regent of the Univer
sity of California, who introduced the
original bills; Senator Smith of ' Kern,
chairman of the Finance Committee, and
Senators Taylor. Lukens and Leavitt of
the Alameda County delegation were pres-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ent at the Interview with th» Governor
this afternon. Governor Gage expressed
himself as unequivocally In favor of lib
eral support of the university. He took
the crotind that In future aid for the uni
versity, in addition to its fixed income,
should be given by direct appropriations,
the university appropriation to become a
recognized part of the budget; the amount
of the biennial appropriation, however, to
vary according to the university's needs.
The Governor expressed the view that tha
amount needed biennially would be about
520O.00O.
It was aprreed that the form of the bill
appropriating- $200,000. which Lukens intro
duced in tbe Senate and Foster in the As
sembly, should be changed somewhat. la
the original bill none of the appropriation
was to be made available until January.
1302. This will be amended by making: a
portion, probably $50,000, available at once.
There Is some doubt whether the meas
ure transferring the $43,000 in the Gov
ernor's mansion fund to the maintenance
fund of the university will be a popular
bill. It is certain that It will have the
opposition of Sacramento, but unless It be
withdrawn and a direct appropriation of
$30,000 substituted it will probably b»
passed in spite of the opposition.
Conference Between Those Who Favor
Governor's Plan and Partisans of
Ro well's Bills.
COMPROMISE ON FUNDS
FOR STATE UNIVERSITY
GOVERNOR GAGE OPPOSES COMPETITION
BETWEEN FREE AND CONVICT LABOR
THE SAN FEANCISCO CAM;, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1901.
GOVERNOR'S FIRST USE OF POWER OF VETO DURING SESSION
TAKING A LEAN TO IX FRONT OF. THE GOLDEN EAGLE AT SACRA
MENTO, WHICH HAPPENS TO BE OX THE SUNNY SIDE OF EASY
STREET IN THE STATE CAPITAL. " "
een hundred and eighty-two, the labor of
convicts shall not be let out by contract
to anv person, copartnership, company or
corporation, and the Legislature shall by
law provide for the working of convicts
for the benefit of the State.'
"I, therefore, disapprove of this meas
ure for the additional reason that it is
opposed to section 3 «f article X of the
constitution, which requires that the
work of convicts should be for the benefit
of the State only, and because said. bill
is apainst tire policy of said section of the
constitution, which was designed to pre
vent the degradation of honest labor by
bringing it in competition with the work
of the convicts of the State.
"HKNRY T. GAOE, .
"Governor of the State of California."
As a result of the veto, work by, the
State must stop on the San Quentln road
after March. Unless Marin County, ap*
propriates money for the completion of a
road that benefits the State mainly, the
partially finished road will fall Into decay
and will soon be submerged in the marsh.
Both the Senate and Assembly gave
large majorities for the bill, but it -is
doubtful if any attempt will be made to
pass it over the Governor's veto.
Atherton is inclined to leave the de-
Continued from Page Two.-
3
fThis Way
LIvS Dcilciy.
- Among Intelligent and careful men It Is more
and more becoming the custom of. having tbe
fluid* of the body regularly examined micro-
scopically, some every six months— others more
frequently. In no other way can so certain m
knowledge of the bealtb of tha body be ascer- .
Ulned. The kidneys having few nerves of len-
. ¦ sation frequently do not pain one and It Is only
by an analysis or by carefully observing symp-
toms that one may know of the breaking down
•* ' • of these great organs and ¦ serloas condition
, of health. Tha many recent and sudden deaths
from so-called heart-failure and apoplexy — but
In truth from Brignt's Disease of the Kidneys,
should make every careful man and woman
pause and endeavor to ascertain their exact
physical condition. The registered physician*
of Warner's Safe Cure Co., Rochester, N. Y..
make every month hundreds of microscopical
analyses, hence they necessarily have a remark-
| able experience In this particular field of knowl. FREE
edge. . Full particulars how to proceed, together SAilPLE.*
with much valuable Information will bo sent
fre. on application fendposUI
If you are suffering from any of the common sample
¦. - - symptoms of Kidney disease, such as fickle Wah«r's
i appetite, headache, chills, flatulence, pallor, too !^* B Cc ? B to
much or too scanty fluids, deposits In sarae cVlllcra'aCo
on standing, nervousness, depression, etc., resort u .
at once to tbat standard vegetable cure for Rochester,
all forms of kidney trouble, — Warner's 5afe * ' '
'Cure.— a remedy with an honorable record of
more than twenty-one years. In all parts" of .
the civilized world and which will do exactly
what is claimed for it.
d ~:5 "'*••¦
For a Cold in the- Head,
2-azatlve Bromo-Quinino Tablets. . - •
I LOTTERY VISITORS FIXED.-Ah Toy and
Ah Sins, two of the Chinese arrested last Sat-
urday night for vUiltinK a lottery place, pleaded
guilty 'In Judge Fritz's court yesterday and
were each fined J25. , , •.-.¦•¦
ADVZBTISEMZNTS.
A CAUSE OF HEADACHE.
One Very Common Cause, Generally-
Overlooked.
Headache Is a symptom, an Indication
of derangement or disease in some organ.
and the cause of the headache is difficult
to locate because so many diseases have
headache as a prominent symptom: de-
rangement of the stomach and liver, heart
trouble, kidney disease, lung trouble, eye
Ftra'.n or ill-fitting glasses all produce
h'adachrs. and If we could always locate
the orpan which is at fault the cure of
obstinate headaches would be a much
simpler matter.
However, for that form of headache
called frontal headache, pain back of the
eyes and in forehead, the cause Is now
known to be catarrh of the head and
throat: when the headache is located In
back of head and neck it Is often caused
from catarrh of the stomach or liver.
At any rate, catarrh is the most com-
mon cause of such headaches and the
cure of the catarrh causes a prompt dis-
appearance of the headaches.
There Is at present no treatment for
catarrh fo convenient and effective as
Btuart's Catarrh Tablets, a new internal
remedy In tablet form, composed of anti-
septics like Eucalyptol. Guaiacol and
Blood Hoot, which act upon the blood and
cause the elimination of the f-atarrhal poi-
pon from the system through the natural
channels.
MIfs Cora Ainsley, a prominent school
teacher in one of our normal schools.
FP«aks of her experience with catarrhal
headaches and eulogizes Stuart's Catarrh
Tablet? as a cure for them. She says:
"I suffered daliy from severe frontal
headache and pain in and back of the
«-yes. at times so intensely as to incapa-
citate me in my daily duties. I had cuf-
fered from catarrh more or less for years,
but never thought it was the cause of my
headaches, but finally became convinced
that such was the case, because the head-
aches were always worse whenever I had
a f old or frc-fh attack of catarrh.
"Stuart's Catarrh Tablets were highly
recommended to me as a safe and pleas-
ant catarrh cure, and after using: a few
DO-cent boxes which I procured from my
druggist. I was surprised and delighted
to find that both the catarrh and head-
aches had prone for cood."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are eold by
druppists at fifty cents per package, un-
der the guarantee of the proprietors that
they contain absolutely no cocaine (found
In so many catarrh cures), no opium (so
common in chean cough cures), nor any
harmful drup. They contain simply the
wholesome antiseptics necessary to de-
Btroy and drive from the system the
perms cf catarrhal disease.
H — ' »* only possible m-kea your N
H feet are on (he pedals, aca behind the pedals B
J MORROW COASTER BRAKE. 1
Q Aiit one hundred per cent, to the pleasure of R
Scyc.iE£. Sold by ail deaien. Booklet free, rj
Eclipse Jfitf. Co., Mancfac'rs, Ekmra, JCT. fl
For sale by all dealers In bicycles
ar.d bicycle sundries.
DR. CROSSM AN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaints
of the Organs of Generation.
. Price tl a bcttle. For sal* by drujrsisU.BERKELEY. Feb. 8.-Fifty men have
signed for baseball practice at the Univer
sity of California this term, and the
squad Is the largest that has ever turned
out for this branch of sport. The compe
tition for places on the team Is keen.,Be
tween "Warren Smith, the famous half
back, and Zan, a student in Hastings Law
College, lies the choice for catcher. Over-
The victory of the varsity over the Fire
man's Fund team last Saturday has given
much encouragement to the baseball men.
It is now thought that a satisfactory bat
tery wil! be forthcoming in the develop
ment of Traeger and Parker. Coach Mur
phy expresses himself as * being much
pleased with the game his striplings put
up in their initial trial. He says that in
both stick work and knowledge of the
gr.me they are ahead of last year's var
sity at the end of .the season. What he
wants especially are hitters, and from
last Saturday's showing It looks as If he
would get them.
A letter has been received here from
the University of Nevada, challenging the
freshman team to a field meet to be held,
in Reno in March, with a return match
at Palo Alto in April. It is likely that
this challenge, as well as one from the
Oakland High School, will be- accepted.
The freshman team will be unusually
strong with Henley and Holman of Ukiah
for the jumps, vaults and hurdles, and
Hamilton and Lamb for the sprints.
The track men will be put to work next
week. A j»»rles of handicap \ and inter
class field days has been planned by Man
ager Oilman in order that every one
capable of entering an event "in this
branch of athletics may get out on the
field.
Santa Clara College has also been called
off unless the San Jose diamond is in such
shape that it can be played on by that
time.
Candidates for Varsity Positions Have Begun
Active Training Under the Coaches. .
THE schedule of baseball games
between the Fireman's Fund team
and the University of California
and Stanford began last Saturday
with a match between the cardi
nal nine and the Insurance men. The col
lege men won the day when they were
practically defeated. Ever since the los
ers have been swearing vengeance, and
this afternoon when they will meet the
Blue and Gold on the California campus
they say that victory will be thiers.
California has some good baseball ma
terial in the course of development and
will present a strong nine this season.
The weather has militated against the
field work of the candidates for the var
sity nine, but even in this preliminary
practice the quality of the material on
hand has been disclosed.
The Fireman's Fund team is composed
of a number of professionals and high
class amateurs— men who, with a little
training, could surpass anything the col
leges have within their baseball ranks.
The line-up of to-day's game at Berkeley
Is as follows:
F. F. Team Position*... California.
Hammond Catcher. . . .' Pmith
Mosklman Pitcher Overall
Follani'bee ..First base Kennedy
Webber Second base Kin*
Hammond Third base .' — . Braley
Knur Shortstop Hunter
Hu tier L*f t field Zan
Van Kaltren .Center field Hamlin
Goldie and ' .
Collins Bight field Hamilton
STANFORD T'NIVERSITY. Feb. 8.—
Athletics at Stanford have been quiet dur
ing the last week so far as outdoor work
is concerned. But while the muddy track
and diamond have prevented practice out
side of the gymnasium, the baseball men
have not failed to learn a few points
about the game.
The interclass games which were sched
uled for this week have been postponed
till next week. The varsity's game with
COLLEGE TEAMS
ON THE DIAMOND
SPORTS PRIZE FIGHTING, COURSING, COLLEGE ATHLETICS,
STANFORD BASEBALL MEN IN DAILY PRACTICE ON THE COLLEGE DIAMOND.
FRANK ERNE, "WHO 13 TERRY
McGOVERN'S "LOGICAL CAN
DIDATE." *
The Oakland Canoe Club will hold n re
ception In Its clubhouse on Sessions Basin
Kast Oakland, on Washington's birth
day, and durlne the afternoon the first
race of the season for the Holiday Cuy*
will take place. On March 17 there will
be a handicap race for yachts, and a con
test for the Mayrisch badce for the
canoes. On April 7 there win be a race
for sloops, and on April 21 a handicap race
b.tween the yacht" and the canoes. On
April 27 and 2S some of the larger yachts
will cruise outside the heads, and on Mj»y
12 there will be another race for the May
rlsch badge. «On Decoration day there
will be a reception at the clubhouse and
a race for the holiday cup and pennants.
Dutinpr July and Augrust there will be
cruise? and races, a*!d in September a
Fmoklng concert will be given ct the club
house. The season will not close till
December L
The annual meeting end election of offi
cers of the San Francisco Yacht Club will
be held on Wednesday evening. February
33. at the. Merchants' Exchange, begin
ning at S o'clock. It !s not yet certain
Tvhe-th<pr James Kitterman. the nominee
for port cajnain on the members' ticket,
v.ill consent to run for the office, as he
expects to be absent n good deal from
San Francisco during 'he comlne yacht
ing season. If. however, he accents th-3
nomination, George D. Campbell, nominee
on the regular ticket, will withdraw In
his favor. As R. B. Hngue is not a. candi
date for the office of treasurer. R. M.
Welch is the only nominee, and Harold
Burnett, having declined the nomination
as treasurer, H. G. Tci! Is the only candi
date. The onlv real contest will be be
tween \V. M. Edgell. regular nominee, and
E. C. Bartlett, members' candidate, for
the office of secretary, nnd there seems to
be little doubt that the regular nominee
will l>e elected.
Harry R. Simpkins" yawl Tramontane
•which was lying at the moorings of the
pchooner LtirMne off the San Francisco
Yacht Club house until lately. If now be
inp overhauled at H&v & Wright's yard
at Oakland Creek. The sloop Cygnus 13
« float aeain. but mucii inside work re
mains to be dnne. j. d. Soreckels'
schooner Lur'.ine is 1o have a new
galley of quarter-sawed oak. G. T. S
White and friends have not yet chartered
e. yacht for the coming season, but wil 1
probably do so.
The California Yacht ciub has issued
Its sailing programme for the season
which it will open on April 13. The vachts
will dress ship in the morning and at
right there will be a 1 >w jinks in the club
house for the members; on the 14th tlie
first cruise in Kquadton will take place
On May 5 there will be a race from the
narrow saupe mole out to and round Pre-
Fidio Shoal buoy, the losers to provide a
dinner for the winning owner and crew
The first cruise to ValleJo will be. made
on May JR and 19. and on Decoration day
the annual resratta for class fla^s will be
held over the elub course. The annual
cruise up the Sacramento River will be
gin June If., the yachts that do not take
part In the event accompanying those that
do up to Vallejo. and meeting them oa
their return. On Independence day the
race for the Wallace trophy, at present
held by E. F. Sajrar'B yacht Edna, will
take place. Later in the season there will
l>e cruises lo Paradise Cove. Martinez
Angel Island. l>ake\-llle. Vallejo. . ard ;n
the open ocean. The season will close
October 19.
SAILING FIXTURES
FOR COMING YEAR
Several contests are in proppect between
tcims representing the San Francisco
and Oakland golf clubs. To-morrow at 10
a. m. thp first half of a match over seven
ty-two holes will l>egin on the Presidio
links between B. D. Adamson. amateur,
and II. JohnFtono. professional, represent
ing the San Francisco Golf Club, and W.
P. Johnson, amateur, and Horace Raw
lins. professional, 'representing the Oak
land Golf Club. Eighteen .holes will be
played In the morning and eighteen in the
afternoon. The second thirty-six holes
will ho played CD the Point Adams course
on the following Sunday.
Mrs. I*. K. Bowles has forwarded a chal
leng'' to the captain of the ladles' team of
the Pan Francisco Golf Club on behalf of
the Oakland ladies. The match is to be
«iver thirty-six holes, the first eightpen on
the Oakland lir.ks and the second eighteen
on the Preyidio course, each team to con
sist of eight members and the conditions
of play to be *imllar to those regulating
the hnmo-and-hnme tournaments between
the men of the two clubs. The date sug
peste.l for the first match Is February 23,
ar.A for the sr-eor.d March 2. A trophy
will be purchased by the clubs jointly and
will become the property of the winning
club.
HcfHrs thf* two tournaments above
mentioned the caddies of San Francisco
have challenged lh»> caddies of Oakland to
a home-and-home match, six on each side.
Willie Smith i nd David Bell, the famous
professionals cf the Midlothian Country
<""lnb. Chicapo hr.ve !>«*en plaving at Coro
nado. Los AngeW. Santa Monica. Santa
Barbara. Redlanils. Riverside and Pasa
dena, at all of which places they have
brnkon local records. At Santa Barbara
Bevenl of their drives arc said to have
rasspd the 235-yard mark. Smith was in
better form than Bell, beating him four
up three to play over «-Ipht>^en holrs on
th»» Arlington course, which, like the Pre
pidio links, overlooks the ocean. The
course is a sporty one. being on rolling
ground traversed by several barrancas and
srullifs and some fences. At the Hirhth
hole Smith's ball fell in an unplayahle pn
sition tinder a fence, so he pave up the
hol»». On the links of the Santa Barbara
Country Club a purse of S7r> was offered.
Fmith taking JCO with a score of << for
elphtefn holes, and Bell taking the J2o.
Fmith made ihe best «core <34> for nine
biles on the Country O!ub links, nnd Bell
made the best score <3M over the Arling-
Ton course. The ¦professionals paj^ that
they think the Pasadena Country Club
course the best in Southern California,
and the bogey <fC» for eighteen holes ex
ceptionally low. as every hole is protected
by at least one 'ovnker. and three, of them
by two bunkers. C E. Orr the amateur
champion of Fomnern California, played
tt r!o«=e p-ame with Smith, losir.g three up
two to play. Boll was beaten two tin one
to play bv the best ball of O'Xeil and Orr.
but Prnlth beat the best ball of Cravens
Hnd Daniels five un four to play. The
Vasao>n:i Country Club offered a purse of
f."iii for the best score over eighteen holes,
medal play. This was won bv Fmith with
a score of 3?-43. total 92. Bell making 86.
C K. Orr and John EL Cravens offered a
fperlai prize of $33 for a score of 76 or
better, but thi« was not won. the course
being too wet and- slow for low scores.
The t-irofessionals arrived at Del Monte
on Thursdav and will remain there until
the end of the month. It is expected that
a large number of the best uolfers from
all pule of the State will visit Del Monte
during the stny of the professionals.
The Interclub team match under the
management of the Southern California
Golf Association was played on the links
of the Pasadena Country Club, four clubs
eor.testlr.fir with teams of four men. Each
team played other team, the contest
provine a very close one. The Santa Cat
nlina Island team won with a: score of 15
points, the Pasr.der.a four second with 14
r>o!nts. Riverside third with 11 points and
!>>s Anpejes fourth with 7 points. The
•winners hold the Pasadena cup. presented
by John B. Miller, pn^ident of the Pasa
d#sm Country Club, til! the next contest
The match w?s really won for Santa Cat
alina by 'Walter Cosby, who defeated C.
K. Maud of the Pachappa Golf Club of
Riverside four up.
The women's nmnteur ehampion'hip of
Pouthern California began on the links of
the Los AnRi>|pf Country Club on Febru
ary 1. but was deferred in consequence of
had weather.
The women's foursomes, over eighteen
holes, with handicap, on the Presidio links
did not tnke p!acp last Mondav on ac
count of the heavyrain, but will be played
next Monday, ¦weather permitting.
Golfers at Presidio and
Oakland Plan Several
New Tests of Skill.
CHALLENGES
FLY FAST ON
LOCAL LINKS
. A novel club is being talked of In North
3t. Joseph. Mo. It is to be called the
President's Message Club, and its mem
bers are to read and discuss the message
by sections at weekly meetings. There is
a winter's job before the club If it has
pluck enough to Organize.
nament on between the Bohemian and
Echo j bowling clubs, played . Thursday
night at theCoronado bowling alley, was
won by the former. Two straight games
were taken, by scores of 738-692 and 757-719
To the remarkable playing ; of Marshal
Jones is due the credit of the double vic
tory, his playing, considering the short
time he has been in the game, proving a
revelation to his team mates and op;
ponents.
The second series of games of the tour-
BOHEMIANS WIN TOURNAMENT
The San Mateo County Hunt will meet
this morning at 9:30 at the Southern Pa
cific station at San Carlos. Next Wednes
day the coach will leave San Mateo sta
tion at 11:40 and the Burllngame. Country.
Club house ' at noon, to convey passen
gers to Uncle Tom's Cabin. San Bruno
where a table d'hote luncheon will ¦¦ be
served' at 12:30 p. m.. the pack. being laid
on at 2:30 p. m. Next .Saturday, Feb
ruary 16, the meet will be at the Cross
ways, Burllngame, at 2:30 p.m. Seats on
the coach may be booked with the man
ager "of the Burllngame Country Club, the
fare being Jl 50, one dollar extra for the
box seat.
HUNT MEET AT SAN CARLOS
The Vampire Association Football Club
of this city will play a match to-day on
the Presidio athletic grounds against a
team of Oakland Wanderers captained by
Douglas Erskine. The Vampire team will
be chosen from the following: Hum
phreys. Turner. Robertson. McGaw. Dug
gan, Wilding, Chambers, Buckley, Casldy,
Bishop, Wallls, McDermid, Selwood and
White. The Oakland Wanderers' team
will consist of the following: Berry. Von
Helm. Kilty. Warren. Dimick, Shaw,
Baker, Williamson, Erskine, Bennett and
another. The kick-off will be at 3 o'clock
in thft afternoon.
The secretary of the Vampires is In
correspondence with the footballers of
Shasta County, and it Is not unlikely that
a team of the Mountain Copper Company
of Keswlck will visit this city on Wash
ington's birthday.
VAMPIRES TO PLAY FOOTBALL
Koenlgs. Positions. Golden Gates.
Egar. Catcher :... Peralta
Perrine Pitcher McMenomy
Keogan First base Johnson
Collins Second base Waterbury
J. Bodle Third base Thomas
: Shortstop Mitchell
Brockhoff l<*tt field........ Spencer
McGee Center field ..Drennan
Knell ..Right Held .....Burns
At the league grounds In Oakland the
Alamedas and Nobles will play.
On Washington's birthday the Koenlg3
and Alamedas will play off the fourteen
lnning tie game, played In December at
the Eighth and Harrison streets grounds
The game- scheduled for last Sunday
between the Koentgs and the Golden
Gates will be played on Sunday, tha 10th
inst., weather permitting. .;
The ilne-up will be as follows:
MIDWINTER LEAGUE GAME.
The San. Francisco Kennel Club held a
special meetin? on Wednesday night to
consider some proposed amendments to
the constitution, which were adopted. Onn
of them Is undoubtedly a move In the
right direction and 13 bound to have a ten
dency to popularize the club in the eyes
of those who are not fanciers, but merely
lovers of dogrs. The amendment In ques
tion reads: "It shall be a part of the
functions of thia club to take such meas
ures as will lead to the detection and pun
ishment of persons stealing, poisoning; or
otherwise injuring dogs the property of a
member of the San Francisco Kennel
Club. A special committee shall be ap
pointed to take such action as may b«
necessary under this rule."
W. S. Kittle has presented to N. H.
Hlckman a foxhound puppy with which
the latter expects to win out at the May
show. Mr. Kittle has reserved another
one for himself, and the two puppies will
be exhibited under the respective names
of Billy K and N H H- It Is understood
that the two gentlemen In question have
made quite a sporting wager as to which
of the pupa; will carry oft the blue ribbon.
Henry Carlton Jr. of N'apa will also ex
hibit a foxhound puppy of Mr. Klttle'a
breeding. ¦¦
j V. Moorehead of Chico has bought )
from William Hclley a fox terrier bitch I
puppy, by Warren Clerk out of Veraeitat.l
J. E. de Ruyter. the vice president of thoj
San Francisco Kennel Club, will have ati
the May show, for exhibition only, his twoj
great imported collies. Old Hall Admiral
and Heather Mint. It is probable that th<j
collie entry will exceed all previous recj
ords. as the California Collie Club hai
promised to show every available doc I
NOTES FROM THE KENNELS
Mutineer: Ted Sloan vs. Commander: Clayburn
vs. Night Time: Shootover vs. Hercules &ass:
Jimmy Anthony vs. Monarch Queen: Imperial
vs. Bald Eagle: Ala Rue vs. Juliet; RcKUljth
Antics vs. My Selection: Wild Norah vs. Black
Hawk; Tammany vs. Klttleman; Daylight vs.
J. I*. R-: Fair Mlramonte .vs. Baby Kins:
Bannockburn vs. Masterpiece; Jim Jeffries vs.
Saurallto Girl.
At Union Park to-day the first round of
the ninety-six entry open stage will be
run. The first train on both days will
leave at 10:15 a. m.
At the meeting of the Ariel Rowing
Club held last Monday the prospects of
the coming rowing season were discussed.
The directors were authorized. to purchase
two- whltehalls, and to have the club
boats put Into good condition. A com
mittee has been appointed to confer with
the South End and Pioneer Rowing clubs
with regard to securing jointly a new site
for their boathouses, the old site* of which
may at almost any time have to be aban
doned. ¦ A committee was also appointed
to revise the bylaws. The fund for build
ing a new boathouse is increasing, and
several members have expressed a willing
ness to take up bonds of the club. The
club is discussing the advisability of hir
ing a boat-keeper, who will keep the boat
house in repair and the boats In good con
dition. When the club has secured a sat
isfactory site it will build a: handsome
boathouse with gymnastic appliances,
will raise Its dues and employ a resident
keeper. • • ¦ •
The: Alameda Boating Club haspoBt
poned the regatta which It proposed hold
ing on Oakland Creek on Washington's
birthday, as several members have other
engagements for that day. • . .. - -
The senior class of the University of
California has" elected H. E. Magee as
captain of the crew; F. M. Foster Is the
Junior, captain; B. H. Cerf is captain of
the sophomores, and E. B. Moore of the
freshmen. The class crews will soon com
mence practice for the opening regatta
of the season.
NEW SITE FOR BOATHOUSES.
Tom O'Rourke has written to a friend
In this city that he will leave New York
City within a few weeks, Intending to
bring a string of fighters to San Fran
cisco. •
Dal Hawkins has begun training at th<%
Fourteen-mile .House for "his fight with
George McFadden. which -will take place
before the Twentieth Century Club on
February 2S. McFadderi^ will arrive In a
few days and go Into training at once.
As a preliminary this club Is looking for
two men, ten-round bouts, for Kid Mc-
Fadden.
the fact remains that Erne's arrival
ahead of a match, the matchmaker of
the Twentieth Century Club's schedule*!
appearance coining two days later and all
the McGovern talk In the air means some
thing. That is why the general opinion
fastens upon Erne and McGovern. McGov
ern and no other fighter.
•
This is the month of special stakes for
the coursers. The biggest of all will be
the' California Plate and the Belle Bran
don, which will have a three days' run
ning at Union Coursing- Park on Friday,
February 22; Saturday, February 23, and
Sunday, February 24. Champion events
are also on the month's programme.
Sapling stakes heretofore have been
looked upon by coursing men as some
thing of the freak order. The eccentrici
ties of the youngsters, the many faults of
a green and untrained youth and Inex
perience on the field make saplings more
or less amusing and grotesque when run
ning in stake events. But this year a lot
of saplings have been seen In preliminary
trials that Is likely to upset all the
derogatory opinions- of the cultured leash
men who do not care to stomach a sapling
stoke.
Ten days ago the first sapling stake of
the year was run at Union Park. This
was a surprise event and showed beyond
pei adventure of doubt that there are
some saplings quite capable pf mature be
havior. Last year the Belle Brandon
was won by Freda C. There were twenty
eight entries, which at that time was con
sidered a fairly long list. This year
there will be forty-eight entries,' at least
that number Is expected, and among them
will be some brilliant youngsters, particu
larly for the For Freedom stock.
The second sapling stake of the year
will be run next Wednesday, February
13. This will be the second stake lesson
and will be open only to Belle. Brandon
entries. There Is a greater rivalry at
present among the owners of saplings
than ever before.
The California Plate, ninety-six entries,
will be an event second only to the John
Grace cup. Sixty-five nominations have
been received and they include a number
of the very best dogs. ¦ Luxor,-Palo Alto.
Beacon and a. host of other crack hounds
will be In the slips for this big stake
event. There was some talk about en
tering For Freedom, but Joe Halten, who
manages the Pasha .Kennels, says that
For Freedom will not be entered and that
hereafter that great dog will be used only
as a sire.
Emln Pasha Is slowly recovering from
the wounds inflicted by the teeth of For
tuna Favente..' • , >
The ¦ hound . death roll was' lengthened
this week by the names of Beer Brewer
and Palm Flower.
F. A. Clarke arrived from the East yes
terday with the four crack Eastern
hounds which he intends to Use on this
coast. Mr. Clarke Is the guest of Gen,
eral Shafter and will remain here some
little time. • "
Frank Cushlne has prepared a cours.
ing form chart which is complete and
scientific. He will take out a copyright
The draw for. the open stake at ValleJo
on Sunday is as follows: '• a " c J°
Jennie Moray vs. Cotton' Ball: Lowlud*r v.
Veto Ripple; Wandering Tom vs. Chief of th»
Hill; Sappho vs. Unton; Rocklln Belle vs Mt
Beauty: Silver Maid vs. Kanaka; Royal' Sea"
•Ion vs; Mary Jane; Dread naught vs. Lila.-
Wild Game vs.' Game Cock: Danger vs Kriri^ot
Clara: Lavona v#." Pearl Mac: Vida Lynch vs
Gold Lace; Crawford Leas vs. London Llnvi
(imp); Post Boy v». Startle: Pasha Queen vs
Isaac Murphy: Annie Corch va. Montana Jack'
Gold Ore vs. Gratton; Old Glory vs. Emma M.'
Coursing Men Preparing
for California Plate
and Belle Brandon.
BIG SPECIAL
STAKES FOR
CLEVER DOGS
At the San Francisco handball courts
on Sunday the following matches will be
played: H. J. Rogers and E. J. Murphy
vs. R. Longabach and \V. Walsh; W. H.
Sleberst and IN\ J. Prendergast vs. D. .1.
Sheehan and WY II. KediamG. McDon
ald and P. Mclntyre vs. P. McKlnnon and
D. Rodgers; S. Wlrkhelm and E. Leverve
vs. B. Meyers and A. Jacoby: E. Barry
and J. Foley vs. U. Regan and J. Kirby;
A. McVicker and T. Leach vs. J. Condon
and E. Antron: P. Ryan and G. B. Hay
ward vs; W. .Fisher and M. Joyce: W.
Williams 'and Al. Dillon vs. D. Connelly
and R. Hauivnan; J. Harlow and W;
Maguire vs. J. Rlordon and E. Curley; J.
C. Nealon and M. J. Kilgallon vs. J.
White and J. Collins.
The next handball tournament at the
Olympic Club will be for soft-ball play
ers. There are a number of adepts at the
tennis-ball game and they will be given
the opportunity to show their skill and
win medals. Both singles and doubles
will be played.
Then again the limitation of fifty to
ducks has set the gun clubs into a stew
of opposition and they are all working
hand in hand to defeat the entire meas
ure. The prediction that goes out from
the gun clubs Is that the amendments
drafted at the convention last May will be
lost. . . . -
?
HANDBALL TOURNAMENTS.
In the Senate the original bill had
tacked to it ns a rider a provision which
made all sales of game Illegal. .There are
m,any Senators who take, kindly to small
bottles and hot birds, and depending upoti
their friends to furnish them with ever
ready presents of the latter would place
them In a most uncertain position.
From the best sources It Is learned that
the proposed changes will not be carried.
An opposition has developed against them
In both houses of the legislature and If
the game protectors wish to carry their
amendments the hardest kind of a light
will be upon their hands.
The duck-shooting season Is now fast
on the wane and the weather Is conspir
ing to keep the nimrods away from the
preserves. But the real topic of Interest
this week among the duck-shooters is not
what the marshes contain or the flights of
birds, but Just what will be done by the
Legislature with the .proposed amend
ments to the game laws.
Nimrods Are Satisfied
No Changes Will Be
Made in Game Laws
SHOOTERS
DO NOT FEAR
LEGISLATURE
The weather of the past, week tvas hard
ly ideal tennis weather, but still most of
the cracks were able 10 get In some prac
tice between showers. On Tuesday after
noon the finals of the mixed doubles tour
nament were played ana after a stubborn
contest were won by Miss Rose Sherwood
and George ."Whitney, who defeated Mi<»^
Pearl McCartney and Grant Smith. In
this match much surprise was occasioned
by the clever play of Miss Sherwood.
The two matches at the class singles
tournament played off last Saturday, In
which Al Rosenberg, the second class
man, and Pearl Jones, the fourth clajss
man, were •winner?, brought out some
very clever tennis. II the weather per
mits this tournament will be complete!
to-morrow. •„. : .
The winners of the classes and their
handicaps are as follows: First class —
R N. Whitney; scratch: Al Rosenberg,
half fifteen; Ray Cornell, fifteen: Paul
Jones, half thirty, and Richard Ersklne.
thirty. With the above handicaps Al
Rosenberg, the winner of the second class
stands the best chance of winning first
prize, as he Is the steadiest player of the
lot.
On Washington's birthday there will be
a handicap sintles tournament, and as It
will be open to all comers the cracks from
both Bides of the bay will undoubtedly be
on hand. ; '•¦ "¦
That the interest in tennis is increas
ing- very rapidly Is shown by the fact that
both the San Rafael and Belvedere uolf
clubs have decided to build tennis courti
in connection with their, links. Teimla
players who expect to represent Stanford
and the University of California are prac
ticing very hard on the courts at the two
universities, and as S;im and Sumner
Hardv will not play this year, the matches
for the intercollegiate championship "ill
undoubtedlv be very closo and Interesting.
Drummond McGavIn is the most promis
ing player of either university and is im
proving very rapidly of late. He will un
questionably be a factpr In future coast
championships.
A banquet, the arrangements of which
are In the hands of Judge Hunt and
Werner Stauf, wlll.be given to the local
tennis players at a downtown hotel next
Saturday night.
Class, Doubles and
Open Events Arranged
by the California Club
TENNIS MEN
PLAN MANY
TOURNEYS
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union] held last night at the Olympic
Club, the San Francisco. Athletic Club was
admitted to membership, and E. C. Har
rington, Its delegate, was. elected on the
board of managers. Mr. Campbell, dele
gate from Stanford University, was also
elected a .member of the board.
The following records, made at the Tan
foran Park meeting on September 29. 1900.
were acepted: R. R. Service, half-mile. 1
minute 5<i 3-5 seconds: J. D. Hoffman and
W. J. Cutter, pole vault, height 11 feet
3>* Inches; W. P. Drum. 220 yards straight
away, in 22 3-5 seconds, it was decided
that special record medals suitably In
scribed should be awarded to each of the
above. Hauser, Campbell and Rothkopf
were appointed a committee on medals,
and will recommend a design for adoption
by the board at Its next meeting. The
design employed for the association med
als presented in IS98, with the addition of
a bar, will probably be approved.
Records Are Allowed in
Championship Events
and Winners Honored
AMATEUR
ATHLETES
REWARDED
ONCE again the local ring storm
rages about the head of slashing
Terry McGovern, the ambitious
rlngsters who bristle and burn to
lower his colors, the prizefight
promoters and the prizefight managers.
The first change in the pugilistic barom
eter came as a storm tiding from Aus
tralia, the home of Tim Hegarty. greatest
of colonial feather-weights. This was fol
lowed later in the week by the arrival
of Frank Erne, who is here in San Fran
cisco, as he himself declares, to escape
the pneumonia generating blasts of the
East; or, as his friends say, for no other
purpose than to be matched with Mc-
Govern.
For a month or two the National Sport
inir Club, the Twentieth Century Athletic
Club and the San Francisco Athletic Club
have striven most earnestly to sign Mc-
Govern with some other feather-weight
whose past performances would Insure
the favor of the patronizing ring public.
The field was canvassed, and out of a
dozen names mentioned for fistic opposi
tion to the renowned Terry two stood out
from the rest— Tim Hegarty of Australia
and Frank Erne of Buffalo.
Hegarty is represented by George Hart
ing, the fighter himself not being sched
uled to arrive in San Francisco until the
middle' of March. An "Eastern dispatch
announced early in the week that McGov
ern had signed to fight* Hegarty before
the Twentieth Century Club on April 30.
The purse offered was $7000 and. accord-
Ing to the telegraphic statement. Jim
Kennedy,- official matchmaker for the
Twentieth Century Club, had consum
mated all the necessary preliminary plans
for this fight. But Kennedy evidently ran
in advance of facts. Hartlng. who is the
holder of the Hegarty reins, says he has
not signed with Sam Harris, McGovern's
manager, and further, that he will not
before all the. local clubs are given the
privilege of bidding on a purse.
This Is the casus belli, and It looks very
much as If the match of April would have
to be Erne-McGovern. and not Hegarty-
McGovern. A purse of $7000 was offered
Harris by Jim Kennedy In behalf of the
Twentieth Century Club and was prompt
ly accepted. Tim Hegarty's challenge to
McGovern being the foundation on which
the offer was placed. Right on its heels
came an ?S000 offer from the National
Sporting Club. Here was one better, and
Hartlng at once made for the wires to
apprise Harris of the bigger purse. Hart-
Ir.g telegraphed Harris that he would ac
cept McGovern's challenge for his man.
but insisted ! that the fight be before the
club offerine the more generous bait of
gold. Hartlng Is waiting for an answer
to his last message. He does not. how
ever, expect anything favorable for him
self, as he sees in Erne's arrival the an
swer of Kennedy and Harris.
Erne's sudden appearance on the field
has/set the wise ones to a thoughtful
twisting of locks. They seem to think
that the fight will for a certainty be be
tween Frank Erne and Terry McGovern.
McGovern's theatrical dates make the
latter days of April particularly accepta
ble to him. and Frank Erne has an
nounced that he will be in this city until
May. Erne further states that he will
not fight under 133 pounds, and that he
has been promised, a return match by Mc-
Govern's manager. Erne at 133 pounds,
billed* to fight McGovern, will pack any
house In this city to windows and doors,
and this seems to have been contemplated
by shrewd Mr. Kennedy and astute Mr.
Harris. There need be no fear as to the
guarantee, for a percentage proportion
would far overtop any purse offered.
Kennedy Is scheduled to arrive In San
Francisco this evenlnc and he will no
doubt have much to say on prizefights in
general and McGovern in particular, but
Frank Erne's Arrival Means Much More Than
Is Exhibited on the Surface.
McGOVERN FIGHT
IN A NEW PHASE
THE SAN FRAJNCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1901.
all, ,the. big freshman football player.
Nurse '03; Hansen "03 and Roland '01 are
candidates for pitcher. Nurse and Over
all stand the best chances of getting the
position. Kennedy '04 Is. out for first base
and King "02 for second. Braly '01, Duden
'02 and Hamilton '04 will try for third.
Field positions will bo selected from
Hamlin, McKeown, Wardwell, "W. Adams
and Fautz. Baseball Ca'ptain Hunter will
undoubtedly retain his old position at
shortstop.
CARDINAL ATHLETES IN TRAINING FOR POSITIONS ON THE VARSITY NINE.
<¦---•••• • • \
4Six furlongs, handicap— Kducate won. ¦ Km
rreps of Beauty second. The Elba third. Time.
1:1H4-
Mile and an eighth, *e!!ingr-Lancewood won.
Zolo second. Nearest third. Time 2:02H
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Madeline G
•won. Brown Vail second Claude Walton third
Time, l:">€ s j.
Albert Vale third. Time. 1:20. Run off—Gen
eral McGruder won, Albert Vale second. Time.
Senator Quay— He smiles best whosmi'es
last. See? _^_
WELLS-FARGO MUST ANSWER.-The de
murrer of Wei Is. ' Fargo & Co. In the suit
brouKht by E.. M. Farrell against that cor-
I. oration to recover 5 cents alleged tr> have
been wrongfully collected for war revenue
etamps was up for trial yesterday before Jus
tice Dunn. , Ey consent Judge Dunn o\-erruled
the demurrer and the company was given fif
teen days in which to answer.
stituted In the stead and place of Judgo
William R. r>atngerfleld as contestant
against Judge Thomas F. Graham for the
office of Superior Judge was denied by
Judge Murasky yesterday. Costello's ef
forts to secure the office ended, so far as
the Superior Court is concerned, with this
motion.
Costello's object In petitioning the court
to be substituted : as contestant was- to
force the recounting of the ballots in nine
teen precincts which were not recounted
during the Dalngertleld-Graham , contest
If this motion was allowed it would have
given him a standing in court and in thN
case, which would have aided him in per
fecting his appeal to the Supreme Court
Judge Murasky held that there had not
been a sufficient showing made upon
which to base the motion and also that
the standing of the: petitioner in the con
test had never been established.
COSTELT-O'S ATTEMPT TO .
UNSEAT GRAHAM FAILS
Judge Murasky Denies His Motion to
Be Substituted as Plaintiff
in Contest.
Stephen V. Costello's motion to be sub-
ROME. Feb. 8.— King Victor Emmanuel
conferred to-day with Clgnors . Ivllla, Rl
cotti, Rudinl and Bi.incheri, with the view
of forming a new Cabinet to succeed the
Saracco Ministry which resigned yester
day.
King Holds a Conference.
NEW YORK. Feb. «.— Fire to-r.Isht de
stroyed the Flatbush car stable of the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company in
Brooklyn, causing a !chs or J290.00O One
hundred and ten cars were destroyed
Car Stables Burned.
HONOLULU. Jan. 30— New 3 has been
received here that William G. Irwin. who
represented Hawaii at the Paris exposi
tion, has been made a chevalier of France.
Irwin received a dispatch of congratula
tion from former Consul Moet. sent from
New Orleans, where tno Consul stopped
on his way home. The recipient of the
honor is the head of the firm of Wllllora
G. Irwin & Co.. one of the biggest com
mercial houses in Hon-'lulu.
Made a Chevalier.
NEARLY FREEZE
ON WRECKED SHIP
Awful Experience Under
gone by Crew of tht
Clayola.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 8.-Captain Albert
M. Willis and six men, crew of the
schooner Clayola, were rescued this morn
ing by the steamship James S. Whitney
from the dismasted wreck of the vessel,
floating, a veritable iceberg, in Long
Island Sound.
In a mass of ice on deck the famished
crew had cut a hole with axes and hud
dled together for mutual warmth. They
passed two days of terrible suffering. The
Whitney's captain saw their signal for
help and sent a boat crew to their rescue.
Getting into the sound early on the
morning of February 4. the Clayola en
countered a strong northwest gale and
being unable to make headway against It
the schooner anchored at 7 o'clock in the
evening, about two miles southeast of
Faulkner Island. The gale continued
throughout that night and increased in
fury the next day. It was bitterly cold
but none suffered much except the man
on the watch, the others remaining be
low. Toward evening, on February 5 the
gale had Increased so much that the
schooner began to drag her anchor. An
other was sent overboard, but even this
diu not stoD the vessel, and she was
driven eradually southeast for several
miles. Waves continually broka over her
decks and, freezing as they tell, two small
mountains of ice began growing fore and
aft.
The foremast was carried away at 8
o'clock, on Wednesday morning- and
heavy seas broke the hatches. A Hood of
water poured into the hold nnd froze
there, driving the crew from their quar
ters and destroying: all their provls'on«
The water in the hold and the Ice forming
on the deck sank the. schooner gradually
until the deck amidshlp was almost on n.
line with the water. Ice mountains crow
ingr on the deck made the schooner ton
heavy and to prevent her, rolling over the
mainmast was cut away at 9 o'clock
Wednesday night. This lessened the roll
of the wreck somewhat, but in the tre
mendous seas runnine it was almost im
possible for the men to keep their feet on
the ice-coated derk. The terror of that
nlgh^and the next day they will never
VIGOROUSLY PROSECUTE
THE SLAYERS OF DEER
Deputy Fish Commissioners Make
Many Arrests in Tehama and
Shasta Counties.
The State Board of Fish Commissioners
is making a concerted effort to stop the
slaughter of deer during the close season.
Deputies Kerchlval, t.'ook and Walters
have been sent into Shasta and Tehama
counties to arrest the vandals and the
reports received from them have given
great satisfaction to the board.
They have arrested Joseph Muller, James
Neill, John and Frank Holbert. J. Max
tleld. Perry Rader and J. Baker for kill
inp deer. These hunter? have shot the
helpless and half-starved animals .that
have been forced by the snowdrifts to
descend to the valleys *.o secure food.
Muller. Nelll and the Holbert brothers
were caught In Tehama County, but will
have to answer for their Illegal shooting
in both counties. It is, admitted bv one ot
the quartet that they have killed thirty
four deer within the past few weeks.
MaxHeld. Baker and Rader were captured
at Sisson. Rader admitted his jrulit and
was fined $49. AH tho men will be vicor
ously prosecuted, as the Commissioners
hope to put a stop to the unlawful killing
of deer at this season cf the year.
NEW SECRET SERVICE OPERATOR
Thomas B. Foster arrived yesterday from
Washington to fill an appointment by ?£
Treasury Department in • the office, of United
States Secret Service Agent Hazen. . Mr Km-
£ r ifi Z the P'^-va^ted. by the transfer to
Washington of Percy Montgomery.
TRTES TO- END HIS LIFE.
Head at Los Angeles.
UnkroTra Man Shcots Himself in
LOS AXGELES, Feb. S.— With, the
words "Tiir.e 's up," an unknown man,
about 23 years of ape. who stood in the
doorway of a lodgi^-house on South
Broadvray this afternoon, returned to his
pocket the watch at which he had Just
Rlar.ccd and drew a revolver from his hip
pockPt. Before any on» could Interfere
the man placed the pistol to his head, un
der the right eye. ar.d flred. He fell, and
the sound of tb<» explosion immediately
brought to the spot a crowd.
When the wounded man had been picked
up it Tras seen that the bullet had pierced
his h^ad from *>ar to par. A big lump un
der the Fkin just »vlow the lert car
showed where the missile was embedded.
Yft. although the blood was flowing free
ly the man seemed to be very little the
\iorfc for his injury.
A policeman ret the man on his feet
tat l^fore he could ask the reason for his
d'sp^-rate attempt the stranger said:
"What a d d miss."
To all inquiries as to his name, occupa
tion ar.d th#» reason for his attempt at
Fclf-destrcction the man positively re
fused to pive a satisfactory answer. He
had destroyed every paper which he
tnljrht have carried In his pockets before
maklnc his unsuccessful shot. In his
puree thTe was JO 10. He also carried a
Eilver watch and a pold chain- .--
Xe-wsboy Disappears.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. S.-Mystery sur
rounds the disappearance of Leo Andrews,
a 13-ycar-old newsboy, who lives with his
mother and a Ulster at 410 East Seventh
Ftrfxt. Fear is expressed by the mother
ot xhe rnissinc lad that he was either kid-
SUIT FOR INFRINGEMENT.- Peter H
JackBon filed a suit in the United States cir
cuit Court yesterday against the Western Ex
panded Metal and Flra Proofing Company to
recover $25,000 damages for alleced Infringe
ment of "patent-
CRUSHED UNDER A COAI* BUCKET.—
Paul Paulson, a sailor, died in the Marine Hos
pital yesterday morning from the effects of
Injuries received lart Thursday afternoon while
loading- coal into the German bark Sosostris.
An Iron coal bucket clipped and fell upon his
head. Faulsen was a native of Sweden, 30
years old.
companies In 1900 was S32S.297.175, and their
Insurance In force at the beginning of the
year reached the enormous total of $3,-
A60.u29.G30- As usual, the Mutual Life In
surance Company of New York is far In
the lead, and easily maintains its posi
tion as the largest, strongest, most pro
gressive Life' Insurance Company in the
world. Its assets amount to J323.753.152. Its
Income was over sixty millions of dollars
and- the volume of Its business was the
greatest 1n its history.' Nearly .'two and
a half, millions were .paid in dividends.
All the companies are looking forward to
an exceptionally, prosperous year. .- • . .
Mutual Life in the Lead.
NEW" YORK, Feb. S.— The last of the
annual statements of the three great life
Insurance companies— the Equitable,, the
Mutual and the New York— is just out.
The amount of business written by these
Generally Believed Ha Will Be Asked
to Retain Presidency of South
ern Pacific.
NEW YORK. Feb. 8.— The Commercial
Advertiser says: President Charles M.
Hays of the Southern Pacific is expected
to reach New York to-morrow. He was
summoned from San Francisco for the
purpose of conferring with Mr. Harriman
and President Burt ot the Union Pacific.
It is generally believed that Mr. Hays
will be asked to retain the presidency of
the Southern Pacific.
With regard to recent rumors that'H.
E. .Huntlngton did not sell his stock' to
the Harriman syndicate it may be stated
that all of the Huntington holdings', .as
well as those controlled by Speyer & Co..
were sold on equal terms.
HAYS TO CONFER WITH
HAB.BIMAN IN NEW YORK
while asleep In his room at the Cosmo
politan Hotel yesterday morning. He said
he suspected his roommate. E. D. Hall, of
having committed the crime.
"I was first sergeant in Company F.
Nineteenth Infantry." said Murphy, "and
was honorably discharged on December 22
last. Hall was a corporal In the same
company and received his discharge at
the same time. We came here on the
Sheridan and took a room at the Cosmo
politan Hotel. Hall was always hard up,
and many times I have befrienucd him.
I had $197 in my vest pocket, and when
I got out of bed this morning Hall had
gone out. I discovered that my money
was gone and at once suspected him, as
he wanted to go East, but did not have
the money. I have searched for him all
day. but have been unable to find him. I
am left In a strange city without a cent
and It Is hard after serving twenty-one
years In the army to be in such a plight "
Murphy gave a description of Hall and
every erfort will be made to find him.
Murphy would have sworn out a warrant
for Hall's arrest, but there was no Judge
In the Hall of Justice to sign it.
From Manila, Complains to
the Police.
John J. Murphy, who arrived from Ma
nila by the Sheridan last Wednesday, re
ported at police headquarters "yesterday
afternoon that he had been robbed of $197
First Sergeant John J. Murphy, Home
ROBBED OF HIS MONEY
AND, LEFT PENNILESS
at the instance of Miss Cameron of the
Presbyterian Chinese Mission. The girl
was forcibly taken from 904Vi Dupont
street by Deputy Sheriff Colter, who
served the paper on Tick Fing. the al
leged owner of the girl. King made a
move as though to draw a gun when the
Deputy Sheriff started to leave with the
girl. Colter sent the belligerent China
man down a flight ot stairs with a well
directed blow and "ith his charge raced
for a cab, with a number of howling
Chinese behind him.
With the assistance of Miss Cameron
the girl, who fought violently to escape,
was finallv placed In the cab and driven
to the City Hall. Judge Coffey ordered
her to remain in the custody of the
Sheriff, to be produced in court this after
noon at 1:45 o'<pock. Miss Cameron was
allowed to take her to the Chinese Mis
sion. While In the Sheriff's office *th«
maiden wept bitterly. Ylck Flng, accom
panied by two of his countrymen, ap
peared and represented that he was the
girl's father. It was asserted that she
was to have been taken out of the city
to be acid, and the onier for her arrest
followed.
Deputy Sheriff Colter Takes Her From
House of Alleg-ed Owner After
a Battle.
• Jun Ho. a Chinese slave girl, was before
Judge Coffey yesterday on a writ issued
EXCITING CAPTUEE OF
A CHINESE SLAVE GIHL
naped or enticed from home. Young An
drews left home about 2 o'clock last
Wednesday afternoon and has not been
seen or heard from since. Detectives
have been working on the case for the
last three days, but have been unable to
obtain the slightest clew to the where
abouts of the missing youth.
The Countess' body was placed in a re
ceiving vault at noon. Only a few Inti
mate friends attended the funeral. Ser
vices were conducted at Stone Hedge, the
late home, by Rev. Mr. Dodge of the
Presbyterian church. Ail further action
nrpends directly upon Mr. Ila&sch's re
covery.
'
Frederick Hamsch May j
Never Fully Recover
His Senses.
F?<?cial Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 8.— The condi
tion of Frederick Hamsch, whose mind
became affected upon, learning that his
vrife, formerly the Countess Rltter, had
committed suicide, was improved this
morning. He regained sufficient con
sciousness to pive directions regarding
cabling: to the Continent. This afternoon,
however, his attending physician ex- 1
rrrs?ed grave fears that he would never j
fully recover his mind. He was not able
to attrnd the luneral to-day, but has to !
b<» attended constantly.
FEAR HIS MIND
IS SHATTERED
1774 * FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350. . -
' |P°-I '¦ ~~ Ecttiac
Index [Horse. Age. Weight. |P«t| St. u.. %. str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. CK PI?
t S5? ; J, rr 'P ro , m P tu ll: ! j~U «* ' « H 11 14 Henry "~ 2 11-5 9-5 7-10
*:« <£ our V, er m m 5 6 8 3 8 1 3 2 2 ns Bergen 10 20 10 4-5
£2 i^Tj'^ m « « 2H23 22 32 T. Burns.... 2 14-5 13-5 1
\'-V, 10T 3 l 71 61 61 ** Buchanan.. *4 6 6 2
143 ;£ l » Top ' 0 "-. 2 s 1 H 1 *4 4 H 5 H J- Daly 7 10 7 2
•:•; (TrlFtrain 112 7 8 5H3H62 64 (Alexander.. 20 ' 60 60 20
J25 |L' a >' lon Brown.. ..130 9 24H52 74 75 Mounce-.... 15 25 25 8
}?* igffP- 1CS 8 9 9 9 .81 S3 Tullett :.... J00 100 100 20
l.gj Eldred 10, 65 3174 9 9 jWelr 20 50 50 15
Time— i;. -29j"'*. |5U4; Kj 1:19H- Good start. Won easily. Second and third, driving. Win
ner. A. G . lilakPley s b t c. by Crescendo-Amida. Winner much the best, and when he
got through, breeied in. Courtier came from away back. Raveling chased El Toplo.
mutir^ll- chances - Tristrain had speed. Scratched— Illilouon 109. Apbrodis 107. Com
1775. SECOND RACE-Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. *400.
IPo.l I Petting
Index. Horse and Welght.]Pst|St. H- %. 6tr. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. HI. CK PI.
"Jr j^ 01 Lichtenstein.. 113 2 1 ~ il ~ 1 l»,i Henry" ~^2 9^5 3^2 ~2
\'-Vj i^ osewar 110 " « ~. 5 1 ... 2 1 Jenkins 6-2 4 4 6-5
U : 3?> ,Hory Ouch ......113| 11 ...-12 ... 3 2 Bullraan ... 3 3 5-2 9-10
1757 jilarascMno 105! B 5 ... 4 >i ... 4 4 Dominick 10 SO 30 7
12 !i % - Ivirby iwj 4 4 ... 3 » 4 ... 5 6 H. Shields.. .4 8 8 3
1.21 ,Trsula 102 3 3 ...7 1 ... 6 8 Buchanan.. • • • 5
1757 lAnna B 102 6 8 ... 8 ... 7 1 Stuart 30 200 100 5)
l.». Constable mi 8 7 ... 6 2 ... 8 |Mounce ¦¦¦¦ 10 50 40 10
Time— 3-16 :18: 7-16 :43u. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner.
Dr. H. E. Rowell s blk.'c. by imp. St. George-Ada. Sol a bit short, was much the best
Hospwar finished well. Rory Ough did his best. KIrby has gone back apparently. 'Coupled
with J. \ . KIrby. •
17 ~**- THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling: mares; four-year-olds and up; $£».
I IPo.t j Betting
Index I Horse. Age. Weight. ;Pst; St. U. %• Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. C\. PI.
1770 jMorella. 4 1W| 6[4 3ij5h 7 lh ISee 10 M 23 8
17.-. t .March Seven. 4.. 107] 4 3 4 >, 6 '4 4 h 21 j Tullett 20 100 40 8
!««.6 IVantin*. 4 107 2 1 11 U, 1! 3 4 T. Burns.... 4-3 1 9-10 2-3
(1^65) iPhopnlssar 4 107, 12 (h 4h 2h 42 Henry 6 9 8 5-->
1T42 Foul Play. 4 107! 3 7 6^31 51 62 Buchanan.. 6 6 6 8-3
1.61 iTing-a-Llng. 4....109 557 7 «264 Bullman.... 6 10 9 3
<164S) jDel Vtsta. 4 107' 76 21 »h SI 7 Mounce .... 3 6 6 8-5
Time— 3-16. : :94; 7-l<>, :W+: ?-:«. :S?; e^f. y.^S. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner. J. Nell's K m. by Morel!o-Kosclo!ottle. Morelia much the best. Vantine only a short
router. March Seven ha.i an annual awakening. Phoenissa in very hard luck or she would
have iron. D»l Vista lult.
1 777. FOURTH RACE— Mil* and a quarter; four-year-olds and up; purse. J4C0.
! IPo.l | Betting
Indeij Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. Std. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1763 JAnJou. 4 ir?'| 4J3 2 5 2 8 2 SO 1 1 JHenry" 7-5 ul t* 1-J
<176o) lAstor. 6 ml 11 ll!i 1! 11 2 13 T. Burns.... J 2 8-5 1-"
17T3 iBngus Bill. 4 1C«I 5 4 3 1 3 2 3 12 3 10 !r. Murphy.. 10 13 15 a
1733 !Broadhrim. 5 1141 3|2 48 4 10 450 460 iBuchanan .6-2 3 3 4-5
175S :Antloch. o lllj 2|5 5 S 5 5 [Matthews .. CO 150 150 30
Titr.e-'«. :*<>; Vi. :M: \. 1:194: mile, 1:47U: Him. 2:14. Good start. Won first three driv
liig. Winner. W. B. >nr.inc? & Co.'s b. h. by Imp. St. Andrew-Jude. Anjou outstayed
and outgamed Astor. Broadbrim a bip disappointment. Scratched— Presteme 106.
177N. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: gelling; three- year-olds; purse. J3Z0.
I IPo.l j Bcttlnc
Index jHora and Weight.; Pstj St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
15S2 Cfulz II IN! 5[2 I«4f3 In 12 iMounc* 6-2 5.2 - s.-» 3I3
1772 Hiixiio Stone lOSJ 1 |3 2 2 1 1* 2 4 2 10 R. Murnhy.. 20-20 20 • 4
1732 :Rath*rar 1C7J 7j4 31 34 34 36 iT. Burns.... 3-2 3-2 11-10 1-J
1750 :Klr.ir?telli» 10)' 3|1 4-1 5 10 5 12 4 1 [Buchanan . 4 6 6 t",
1758 ;La Calma Ml 6 IS 5 10 4 10 4 6 5 20 Ransch 15 100 100 30
1732 Cantinus 104i 2 i 5 6 6 6 6 Matthews .. la> 75 69 "0
.... ISmall Jack 104 f 4 | Left jPomlnlclt .. 5-2 6 6 *2
T.me— '«. ::;V. H. :51; V 1:1*4. Bad etart. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. J. M. Crane's b. c. by St. Florian-Queerstown. Winner had all the upeed and should
hav»» bfpn favorite. Rathear If a cheap one. Scratched— Fondo 104, Lief Prince 191 «5klu
Mo St. Homage US. Cora Goetz 105. * "—^
J77J». SIXTH RACE — One mile; felling; three-year-olds and up; purse. J3C0.
I IPo.i I , Betting
Index ; IIorse. Age, Weight. iPstJSt. V*. \i. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Hi. CL PL
1TC3 Imperious. 6 111! Ill 1 'i l'j 12 12 (Henry 7-10 7^ TX TT
1733 [Billy Moire. 4. ...100; 22 21 22 2325 Dominick .. 6 8 8 5~*
1760 iPhil Archibald, 3. M. 5 | 5 4 2 3n S 10 3 12 J. Walsh... 7 10 10 a
17?4 Cunn. 4 10? 3!4 33 46 45 41 Mounce .... » }» v» I
1743 'Ceorfre Dewey. 3. S5! 8 16 8 3 7 4 5 1 5 2 J. Dalv Jo 30 Srt e
1767 Barnev F. 4 9C-. Sf9 6h 6»4 61 «3- Stuart'. . 10 12 12 5 ',
<!7«:) Invictoa. 3 100! «|7 72 51 74 74. Buchanan 3 10 10 3
1767 IRapido. a 1011 4 3 5 *i 8 6 S 10 8 10 R. Murphy.. 20 100 W 2.1
1713 'Monda. 5 1071 7(8 9 9 9 9 jTullett ..... 30 75 CO 15
Time— 1 ;. 3SH; H. :*2U; a i. l:13 l i: mile. 1:40V. Good start. Won all out. Second and
third driving. Winn-r. Dr. H. E. Rowell's h g. by Morello-Heien Scratch. Imperious had
the class. Invlctus performed badly.
BALTIMORE, Feb. 8.-George Dlxon
and Harry Lyons fought a twenty-round
draw in Germania Hall to-night.
Dixon and Lyons Draw.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. Feb. 8.— Toby Ir
win, the US-pound champion of the Pa
cific Coast, defeated Larry Gleason of
Chicago at 'Whittingtoo Park to-night
after twenty rounds of fierce lighting.
Irwrin Defeats Gleason.
On Saturday, February 9. at 7 p. m.,
the California Camera Club will leave
this citv on an excursion to the snow
packed regions of Shasta. It will be an
excursion of pleasure as well as one for
artistic photographic work, and a large
party is expected. The round trip, includ
ing Pullman sleeper, will cost $10. The
return will be on Monday at 8:45 a. m.
EXCURSION TO SHASTA.
At Sutro Baths on Sunday afternoon the
following swimming races will be run:
Fifty-yard dash, Juveniles— E. Maulan, F.
Mocdy, W. Adams, E. Lynch, W. Armaeost.
P. McCarthy. J. -O'Brien, U. Harper. W. Boyle.
B. Finntgan. E. Franks. E. -Wells, -C. Orist; W.-
Kerwin. E. WinOeld. C. Donovan. A. Martinez. -
Under water swimming," tub race, high div
ing— CK^n to all. - ' :.
100-yard race, amateurs— CSchultz. >O. Bey
fuss. 11. Berry. W. Dawsetti . E. Klpp. -iG.
Hreeth. H. L«lcken. G. Wallace. J-- Ringroee,
C Kurran. H. Dodson. M. Ltlecken, R. Riding J
D. Harris, H. Seebach, H. Duran. .1. Bevin*;
A. Hay. W. Cook. G. • Kelber. C. Fredericks.
L. Hourltn. F. Crowder. •
Trick and fancy sprlnp-board diving— D. Mc-
Cann. M. Carmody. TV. Stockton. T. McKillop.
S. Grueman. A. SunberR, J. Dollar, J. Rollins.
H. Wilson. C. Harnes. R. Sunbenr. F. Ralston.
J. A. Jackson. E. Wlnfield, J. Haalon, F.
Paine and T. Thompson.
SWIMMING AT SUTRO'S.
DENVER, Feb. S.— Dave Barry, light
weight champion of Canada, outpointed
Rufe Turner, light-weight champion of
the Pacific Coast, two to one, and was
given the decision at the end of a ten
round go before the Colorado Athletic As
sociation here to-night. Although Turner
Is a clever fighter. Barry blocked and
ducked away from his leads persistently.
Repeated Jabbing with his left to Turner's
mouth and eyes caused those members to
become badly swollen and the blood to
now freely. Barry would vary his sys
tem with occasional punches to the heart
or swings to the head which would dis
courage the colored boy. Turner tried per
sistently for a knockout by rushing to
a clinch and bringing over his right to the
jaw, but Barry's head would tly around
and away from the blow and the best
Turner could do was to land lightly on
the back of the Canadian's head or neck.
Turner stood Barry's left hand jabs
until the seventh round, when he began
to be dazed, and at the end of the eighth
started toward Barry's corner. He would
rouse himself at times, however, and fight
viciously, but without much judgment
and with but little effect except to tire
himself. Barry's clever defense was too
much for the negro.
Before the fight it was announced that
the winner would fight Kid McPartland
In two weeks from date, and that Fred
Russell of California had been matched
to fight Tom Sharkey some time in March.
DAVE BARRY WINS
FROM RUFE TURNER
First na.ee — Torsina, Prestidigitator. High
Hof.
S* cr.d Race — Owens^oro, TVyoinlng, Handi
¦-; i t.
Third Race— Credo. Peritrig. Lomo.
Fourth Race — Jar.ice. Edna Brotra, Compass
Fifth Race — Favcnius, The Lady. Greenock
clxth Race-Bemota. A<5a N, Sei<!e.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 8— Weath«
Probable Winners.
tndAr; selling:
i?u.* Ada X 102' 177-5 Harry Gwyrr.e.l^
EatafolXt* Fore*t.-.»5i MJ1 The Hoodoo.. ..102
1T«? Tlorrota I'M 175S SelSe 107
ITT; I'Z'.iy Jim 11*1 <17^»Darl«>e 107
FAVORITES In the betting per
formed very creditably at Tan
foran Park yesterday, capturing
four cut of *tt purses. The track
was in floppv condition and the
weather th^atenfri. NcWjajJgjJ
this a fcdr sized crowd was In attendance.
Henry carried off the saddle honors, fin
ifhir.s' in front astride four winning
* Impromptu, which now runs In the
ra-ne of Andy Blakely. took the opening
Sat edds of II to 5. In a drive Ber-
C en landed Courtier second, a nose before
Bowdl'i fast two-year-old Sol Lich
tenstela r.cxt downed a fair field of two
yrmr-olO*. starting. a 3 to 2 favorite. The
Llack coJt collared Kory Ough. and at the
clot : e took the measure of ttosewar with
something to spare.
In the third number \ antine was played
for a pood thlriK at saort odds, and ftn-
; shed third. Bringing the 30 to 1 shot
Moreiia trom behind. W. See landed the
l.-ng shot winner by a neck from March
S< \ > n. The latter horse was played from
i<*> down to 40 to I.
Tommy Burns again had the mount on
Aftor and Charley Ellison backed his
horse extensively, even If the distance,
one and a Quarter miles, did look far.
Burns went to the front, but AFtor could
rot stand the pressure, and Anjou downed
him a length. The pair c'osed equal
choices In the betting.
A wild plunge was made on Rathgar to
win the fifth race, at six furlongs, which
proved costly. Quiz II. second choice in
the rir.s. came home an easy winner,
while Birdie Stone, a 20 to 1 shot, beat
Rathgar for the place- - ....
Imperious, at the short price of 1 to ..
f.r.ished in front for the final mile selling
run. Dominick landed Billy Moore in the
place. live lengths in advance of Fhil
Archibald.
Track Notes
Tod Sloan purchased Credo from Sam
Hildreth yesterday.
Brown & Liger Fold Sad Sam to Fred
Cook, the bookmaker, for $1100. The same
firm disposed of Dandy Jim to another
buyer for $lC>00.
Following are to-day's entries:
Fim Race— Six furlonrs: fci^-year-o'.ds and
\;p: s*Ti!np:
17S4 <~laran<Io S4 1T€S Prestidigitator TOO
«'7;j»TorFlna l'<3 1T7: Bound lee 100
176S Hi(?h Hoe W] 17C3 Monrovia 93
17fc3 Saintly Wl lt~ Good Hope .... ?S
Second Race — One mil*: four-year-olds and
up; s«!lir.s:
3777 Owrr.sboro 103 '.176C)Han£ic*rper ...1CS
1771 El Mido OT 1T72 Wyoming 107
CTDOWalkenEhaw ..119!
Thlr4 Hace — One and three-Quarter miles;
hurdle handicap:
<T764)Cr«'(lo 170 1764 Lomo 15S
O7'.2)Periwig 136 17M Rio Chlco 135
-.742 Master 130 1764 J O C 13
1410 Manchie 120
Fourth Rac<" — One and an eighth miles; t!".ree
j-rar-oM fillies; California Oaks:
1731 Nellie Forest ..110 ITS; Arpot 110
1~C" Janice 117»IT41)Maresa 110
I7CI Ixinc'lr.''s» 110 17C Compass 110
17*3 Ronnie L1s5ak..llO' 17?) Luca HO
I": Horcase 110 1741 Edr.a Brown. ..110
Fifth Racf — On* and a sixteenth miles; three
v»ar-o!ds and up; handicap:
174 Favor.ius m<174S)The Lady Ill
!7> Vuleain IB 1771 Lenr.ep 106
<lVf.)Grr*noek JC2'iI7O Scotch Plaid... ?3
I"«^. Bathos 9;,
Flxth Race— Seven furlosffs; three-year-olds j
At 9M3 she took a Burlington train for
Des Molnes, Iowa. She is accompanied
by the five women who helped her wreck
the Senate saloon at Topeka.
At the conclusion of her speech many
persons rushed forward to shake hands
with her. Many of her photographs were
sold at the door.
She made a bitter attack upon the land
lords, of the joints, saying that they are
as bad as the jointists.
Mrs. Nation made a characteristic talk.
She justified her crusade against the sa
l?.°J} b >" <- Itln S various passages from the
Bible. She said she did not hate the joint
ists; she loved them. But she hated the
business in which they were engaged and
meant to destroy it. She said she had
Just as much right to destroy the Joints
in Missouri as she had to destroy those of
Kansas. She declared that she would not
molest the joints of Kansas City, Mo., be
cause it is too large a city.
"I don't propose to bite off more than I
can chew." she said.
F. W. Emerson, pastor of the First
Christian Church of Topeka. Introduced
Mrs. Nation as "the bravest and noblest
woman in Kansas."
KANSAS CITY. Feb. S.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation, attended by a delegation of To
peka supporters and admirers, arrived
here late this afternoon and to-night ad
dressed a fair sized audience at the Acad
emy of Music.
While the women waited to wonder at
their leader's latest move, Mrs. Nation,
accompanied only by a reporter, made the
rounds of the joints to satisfy herself that
all were closed. The Jolntlsts, apparently
anticlpatlng a raid, had shut and barri
caded their door?, and at midnight Mrs.
Nation went to her home.
"I am not a coward." said Mrs. Nation
with emphasis; "I will go this minute
with any one woman and smash a Joint "
A dozen voices were raised: "I'll go; I'll
go." and for a moment it looked as If an
instant raid would result. But Mrs. Na
tion, soon collecting herself turned to
bantering her followers, told them that
she was tired, "that the Lord did not wish
her to go to-night,' 'and without further
ado left the room.
Suddenly, when everything seemed sat
isfactorily arranged for a terrific on
slaught, Mrs. Nation began putting on her
wraps and said she was going home. In
stantly her followers were in an uproar.
Mingled with expressions of surprise at
her quick change of front came words of
coridemnatlon. Finally one woman, who
had' spent the greater part of the day col
lecting hatchets and soliciting aid for the
crusaders, rushed to where Mrs. Nation
stood In the center of a group and shak
ing her fist In the Wichita lady's face,
shcuted excitedly:
"You are a coward, Mrs. Nation: you
are a coward."
TOPEKA. Kan;., Feb. S.— Mrs. N'ation
displayed the white feather last night at
a meeting of thirty of her followers, who.
armed with hatchets, had gathered In
secret to arrarige a night raid on Topeka
joints. Several male students at Wash
burn College were to have come to town
armed after midnight to personally take
part In the raid, and also to see that the
crusaders were not molested. The excite
ment at the meeting was intense, the
women planning minutely for the raid. It
was. decided to saunter out at 3 o'clock
in the morning and demolish every Joint
In town.
Mrs. Nation Speaks to Pair-
Sized Audience in
Kansas City.
LECTURES ABOUT
JOINT SMASHING
terminates to-day. Secretary Milton S.
Latham said: "There is absolutely no
more truth in the report than there is
to the one that Tom Williams intends to
race all summer at Oakland."
However, from all accounts the situa
tion was entirely changed at a meeting
held by the directors of the San Fran
cisco Jockey Club on Thursday evening.
When Interviewed at Tanforan Park yes
terday Prince Poniatowski. president of
the San Francispo Jockey Club, said:
"Yes. we will race on at Tanforan Park
on Monday. Our association wishtd to
go along peacefully, but events have
transpired here in San Mateo County that
have convinced me that friends apparent
ly on the surface. were not our friends.
We wished to be very friendly with Mr.
Williams and the people of the other
track, but it seems now it cannot be.
Now I gues3 it will be a question as to
which has the longest bank roll." Con
tinuing, Prince Poniatowski said it was
not the intention of his club to issue the
Ingleside programme, and said he was in
ignorance as to how they had gained cir
culation. The conditions of the san Fran
cisco handicap read: For three-year-old?
and over eligible to the Burns handicap.
By subscription of $23 each. $75 additional
for starters, with $10,000 added. Of which
$2000 to second, $1000 to third, and fourth
to save entrance and starting fees.
Weights and declarations Thursday. Feb
ruary 14. One and a Quarter miles.
That the Tanforan Asscciation intends
to assume a most dictatorial position in
the Impending conflict was further in
stanced by a statement by Prince Ponia
towskl. Any owner who races his horses
at Oakland track will not be allowed to
race at Tanforan. Asked if this applied
to jockeys who accepted mounts at the
track over the bay, the Prince said it did.
Later on in the paddock the Jockeys
were addressed hy Prince Poniato-wski.
He said that riders under contract would,
of course, have to follow the dictation of
their employers, bur that the Tanforan
officials would expect all riders not under
contract to refuse mounts at Oakland. A
report gained some credence at the track
that the principal riders, among them
Burns. Henry. O'Connor. Bullman. Sloan
and Buchanan, had formed a combination
to boycott Oakland. At the downtown
hotels last night tMs was denied, and it
ran be stated rn excellent authority that
Burns. O'Connor Bullman and Buchanan
will all be seen in the saddle at Oakland
the coming week.
When seen in the office of the California
It was learned late last night that Tod
Sloan, with Prince Poniatowskl a* his
backer, had purchased Louis Ezell's crack
mare The Lady for $7000. If the daughter
of Hanover should be successful in win
ning thp San Francisco handicap then
Kzell Is to receive an additional 11000. As
Purns & Waterhouse. according to the
Tanforan edict, will not b<» allowed to
start any of their horses The Lady -will
be hard to beat.
To-night at 8:15 o'clock In Maple Hall.
Falace Hotel, Thomas H. Williams Jr.
will address the owners, bookmakers,
trainers and riders on the situation, and
all are invited to ba present.
The entries for Oakland track will close
on Sunday at 1 o'clock.
On October 10. 1SS3. an agreement was
entered into between the California Jock
ey Club on one side and the Western
Turf Association and Pacific Coast Jockey
Club on the other, calling for ah equal
division of dates, the terra of which, was
five years, the season to begin on or about
November 1 and cicse on or about May L
Thomas H. Williams Jr. signed the con
tract for the California Jockey Club.
Henry J. Crocker represented the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club and F. H. Green tno
Western Turf Association, and the offi
cial seals of all three organizations were
affixed to the document- The agreement
was appro\-ed by the Turf Congress,
which sent a committee out hero at th«
time composed of Captain J. H. Rees and
W. F. Schulte to mediate matters. When
the San Francisco Jockey Club leased
Inpleside and Tanforan tracks, it neces
sarily assumed all liabilities incurred by
the tracks mentioned. Prince Ponlatow
ski was inclined to doubt that the San
Francisco Jockey Club was in duty bound
to respect any compact made in the past,
which statement lacks backing up with
facts.
If. however, the San Francisco Jockey
Club does race on Monday next, you can
state thai the California Jockey Club will
race through to th>» end of the season,
terminating May 1."
Jockey Club and Interviewed by members
of the press last night. Thomas H. Wil
liams Jr. said he was taken completely
by surprise, and could not believe the
rumor to be true that the San Francisco
Jockey Club would break Its agreement.
As yet. Pfesfdent Williams said, his club
had received no official notification that
war had been declared by the other racing
association, and professed to stlli have
doubts that such was the situation. "I
cannot believe." the Oakland president
said, "that a titled gentleman such as
Prince Poniatowskl is. respected by the
public and a true lover of sport, will
break faith with this club, for nothing
good could come from such action.
by f 1 . e. :&£tti j :koi j :la.:ntd.
A feature suggesting that Mr. Carnegie
had in mind the sale of his company at
the time it was chartered in New Jersey
is the peculiar clause in the charter pro
viding that the directors of the company
may dispose of the property of the com
pany as an entirety. It Is this clause in
the charter that the men who are at pres
ent engaged in financing the deal are tak
ing advantage of. If, as now seems cer
tain, Mr. Carnegie is to receive $1500 for
each $1000 share of his stock, the transfers
In his case alone will be the eaulvalent of.
nearly $130,000,000. Inasmuch as the great
steel magnate's holdings at present
amount to $S6,000.000. If, as seems prob
able, the minority holders are to be looked
after by Mr. Morgan's syndicate the fin
anciering will involve the eaulvalent of
$240,000,000.
The statement by Judge Gary, however,
throws little light upon the details of the
preat transaction that is now In progress,
and it is probable that actual official in
formation in this respect will not be ob
tainable until the deal is really completed.
The statement was. however, the subject
of much guessing. It apparently confirms
the general Impression that all the "Mor
gan companies" are actively Interested in
the transaction and while nothlns was
said as to the American Steel and "Wire
Company, the fact that counsel of the
company attended the conferences be
tween President Gary and Mr. Morgan
seems to leave little doubt that the nego
tiations under way include the steel and
wire consolidation.' Incidentally it is
hinted that interesting developments may
occur at the annual meeting of that corpo
ration on February 19. The "Moore com
panies" are not generally supposed to have
any interest in the financial side of the
new deal, but it is believed that they will
be disposed to work in harmony with the
Morgan Interests, at least while the mar
ket conditions continue favorable. It ap
pears not unlikely, however, that the
Pennsylvania Steel Company may be In
cluded in the "community of ownership"
plans, a theory that gains some color from
the report that Pennsylvania Railroad
capitalists are to have an interest In the
financing of the current deal.
, NEW YORK, Feb.' S.— The new develop
ments to-day in connection with the ne
gotiations, touching the transfer of :^he
control of the Carnegie Steel Company to
J.' P. Morgaiijjfand ,,his associates -were,
first,- that Mr. "Carnegie is to receive $1500
for each* $1000 of Tils stock; second, that 1
minority holders who desire to sell will
receive thejsame. terms as those given to
Mr. .Carnegie; •third, that the present
stage of the negotiations contemplates the
formation of a new corporation, whose
bonds" will play a large part in the price
to be paid Mr. Carnegie, and fourth, the
first public announcement in connection
with pending negontitions of an official,
character, consisting of a statement by
E. II. Gary, president of the Federal Steel
Company, confirming the news that J. P.
Morgan is planning the acquisition of the
properties of some of the largest iron and
steel companies of this country.
Iron KiDg Receives About
$130,000,000 for His
Holdings.
For some davs there have been rumors
aflcat that trouble was brewing between
the two clubs, but was passed as idle gos
sip. The first intimation and first shot
from the Tanforan camp as indicative
that the battle was on was the partial
distribution on Thursday of programme
books for the week beginning February
11, announcing that the races would be
decided at Ingles'.de track. This was in
Itself mystifying, as Ingleside track is
still under the ban, no action of the Su
pervisors having as yet thrown wide it3
gates. When questioned earlier in thi
week as to whether the Tanforan asso
ciation intended to race on at the con
clusion of the three weeks' meeting, which
CARNEGIE CLEANS
UP A VAST SUM
Some took occasion to exult over the
announcement, while the more staid and
experienced followers of the turf were In
clined to look upon the Impending con
flict with many misgivings for the future
of the sport. The San Francisco handi
cap is open only to horses eligible to the
Burns handicap, the stellar feature of the
coming Oakland meeting, and, of course,
is aimed to detract from the latter as a
drawing card.
This means they will race through the
thirty-five days allowed under the terms
of the prohibitory ordinance »passed re
cently by the Supervisors of San Mateo
County, which provides that the racing
season shall be limited to thirty-five days
in any one year. This ordinance went
into effect on the ath inst/ At the expira
tion of this period the San Francisco
Jockey Club will be barred from racing in
San Mateo County until February 5, 1902.
At the conclusion of the third race the
following terse statement was posted on
the announcement board of the San Mateo
County track:
"Racing will be continued Monday at
Tanforan Park. On Saturday, February
16, San Francisco handicap, $10,000 added
money."
The strained situation and threatened
conflict between the rival racing associa
tions, the California Jockey Club and the
San Francisco Jockey Club, has finally
come to a focus. "Taking the bull by the
horns." the San Francisco Jockey Club
threw down the gauntlet at Tanforan
Park yesterday and by its action has un
doubtedly precipitated a struggle that will
be fought with desperate stubbornness on
both sides.
California Jockey Club Receives No Official Notification of Same, but
Will Be Prepared to Fight to a Bitter Finish.
Milt Henry Finishes First on Four of the Winning Horses— Morelia in
Front at Odds of 30 to 1— Sol Lichtenstein Is First.
TANFORAN PARK DECLARES
WAR ON THE OAKLAND TRACK
FAVORITES CAPTURE FOUR
PURSES AT TANFORAN PARK
LIMA, O.,'Feb. -8.— Colonel Ream of the
Second Ohio Regiment, who returned to
night from' Cleveland, where he has bean
sitting on a court-martial, says he has
been notified that his resiment will btt
called upon to go to Cincinnati In case
troops are used to prevent the Jeffries-
Ruhlin flght.
CINCINNATI, Feb. *.-With the excep
tion of William A. Brady, who did not
arrive from New YorK until to-nlgrht, all
the witnesses have be<-n heard on the ap
plication for ¦ an injunction asrainst ths
Jeffries-Ruhlin contest, scheduled to bo
Kiven here next Friday night. Counsel
for the Saengerfest Athletic Club are not
sure to-night that Brady will be called-
In any event, counsel on both sides have
agreed to limit their arguments so that the
case will be closed to-morrow night* Judga
Hollister Is not expected to reserve hia
decision longer than next Monday, but
there is no assurance on that point.
The star witness to-dav was Billy Mad
den, who was on ths stand most of the
forenoon and all of the afternoon. He in
sisted that boxing was in the interest of
health, as well as of skill. He said the
training of boxers was simply an exer
cise for the protection of health, so that
they would be in such condition as to be
immune from Injury.
Madden insisted that there had been no
prizefights by champlo*!3 in recent years,
and that Jeffries, Ruhlin. Chllds and Mar
tin belong to a later school of scientific
boxers and that none of them had ever
engaged in a prizefight.
Second Ohio Regiment
Is Notified It May Be
Needed by Governor
TROOPS HELD
TO STOP THE
PRIZEFIGHT
RACING, BASEBALL, GOLF, TENNIS AND FOX HUNTING SPORTS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1901.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
threatening, track heavy. Summary:
One ml!f. selling— Rushfields wen. Locust
Blos.scm second. Heroic third. Time. 1:48^4.
On* ir.ile and a sixteenth. Belling— Joe Col
lins won. Little Boy Blue second. Mitt Boykln
tmrd. Time. I:o6.
Six furlTKs. Bellinir. heat*: First h»at—
AU#rt Val- won. Tildy Ann second. Dou
«er*wlvel third. Time. 1:HH- Second heat —
General McGruder won, Dousterswlvel second,
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(f |f After
1 ~^t Gomes.
In the days following the baby's birth
there is often a long up-hill struggle to
recover strength, and the nurse busies
herself in the preparation of jellies and
broth.3 for the invalid.
When Dr. Pierce'a Favorite Prescrip-
tion is used as a preparative for m6ther-
hood the baby's advent is practically
painless, there is abundant strength to
nurss and nourish the child, and a rapid
recovery from the shock and strain in-
separable from maternity.
" I was plsassd that Dr. Mercs answered mjr
letter."' write* Mrs. C. VT. Young, of « South
Rerent Street (Lee Park), 'Wiilcesbarre, Pearta.
" Wh;n I had thcr=e mishaps I began to thiat
I would never hav; children. 5Iy back used
to alniost break, and I would g^t sick at n:y
stomach and have such headaches I did not
know wh.it to do ; they used to set me nearly
crazy, an 1 I used to dread to tjet up, I felt so
bad ; then I bejran taking Dr. Pierce'* Favorite
Prescription. When baby was expected I took
it all the time I was that way. I felt fine all the
time, and I never get those dizzv spells bow. I
hardly ever have a nervous headache any more.
I have a perfect romp of a boy, he is the li^ht
of oar home. I am now twenty years o!d «nd
ray baby is almost eight months old. I cow feel
well, and w-isth :So pounds, and the bab-r »3S
ponnds. We feel very jratefal for the good vcir
medicine did for us. We are both healthy,
thanks to Dr. Pierce's medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets keep the
bowels healthy.
W3§ Cured While
edRjfiStfigp' In Fifteen Day3
*Grmn-5olTeni"d!ssolTes Stricture H*« snow 6«-
Beatlt the can. reduces Knl&rzed Prostat* &o4
rtron*tbeas t i>° oeralnal Duels, &toppla* Drains aa«
emissions In Fifteen I>a73-
>'o drags to ruin the stomach, but* direct local
•erf posiure application to tae entire nretbral tract
Gran-SolTcai is sot a liquid. I: Is prepared la
t&s form of Crayon* or Pencils, smooth and flexis:*
uj to narrow as to pass tna closest Stricture.
Every A\an Should Know Himself.
Tte St. James Assn.. Box EH. Cincinnati. 0.. hu
¦reparedat (treat expens* an exhaust- p|* •¦p f
fve Illustrated Treatiso upon ibe male LULL I
BTsccm. whten tb«* will aend to any . fl |_ f_ ,
¦Mle applicant, • ¦•¦¦¦¦ ¦
Si JAHhS i\SV 230 ELM ST.,
31. .Af,C3 A33J.. Cincinnati. Ohio.
Any one knows and knows when cured. We
have ottered a reward of (2 for 4 yeaxj here
In Los Angeles to any one with Piles who could
not be cured with 1 box of Verus Pile Cure.
and rot cne person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and will pajr any one suffering
with Plies $~*i who car.not be cured with Verus
Pile Cure. Our record shows over li),00<5 cured.
Writ* for Information. Perhaps we have your
neighbor's testimonial. Price $2. postpaid.
VERUS PILECUHE CO., EOOHI 226, Wte Btt
Or ELLINGTON DHUR CO.. Wholesal» and
Ketail Dru^irtsts. Affts.. Fourth and
Spring St3.. Los Angeles. Cal.
OB.MEYERS&GO.
Specialists. .Disci*? fSfc?" '
ontl wfakne?? of g2?>£
men. Established ftS*
1SS1. Consultation VjK fS^'Pf
and private book vSL\, I /#>JL
free, at efflce or by t*?-I £vSj
mail. Cures gniar- n'(k\£ttitF~«3f
anteed. T.'U Mar- (\§iSR^>i
ket street (elevator jL^&ifrBi
entrance), San >&V s v/l^sKg&^
Francisco. t v^jr jayg^Of course such a construction as that cannot stand,
for it would be an absurdity to dissolve half of Parlia
ment. It must be dissolved as a whole or not at all.
That much appears to be conceded on both sides.
Consequently the lawyers and the statesmen are now
puzzling their brains to find out a means whereby the
act oflS67 can be made operative in Ireland and in
Scotland to the extent of continuing the terms of
their members of Parliament equally with the British
and the Welsh, without at the same time making the
other provisions of the act operative in those por
tions of the kingdom.
BRITISH statesmen and lawyers are puzzling
over a parliamentary tangle which, like the
Gordian knot, will probably have to be cut, for
there seer.i> no easy way to untangle it. It is a ques
tion of whether or no Parliament was dissolved by
the death of the late Queen. If the dissolution oc
curred with her death, then of course there is now no
Parliament, and one of the King's duties will be to
call one immediately. If, on the other hand. Parlia
ment holds over, there will be no need for an imme
diate election, and the Salisbury Ministry will be safe
for a year at least.
The doubt grows out of a clause in the reform act
of 1S67. By that act it is provided among other
things that the death of a sovereign shall not cause
a dissolution of Parliament. It happens, however,
that the main intent end purpose of the law was to
make certain changes with regard to the qualifications
of electors in England and Wales, but not in the
other portions of the United Kingdom, and accord
ingly it contains a clause declaring that its provisions
shall not be operative as to Irish and to Scotch con
stituencies. It is claimed by one side that by a strict
construction of the law the members from* Scotland
and from Ireland are thus left under the old rule and
their terms expire with the sovereign, and that it is
only the British and the Welsh members' who now
hold over.
(\ PARLIAMENTARY TANGLE.
sometimes do their business. The reform act of 1S67
was one of the most thoroughly discussed subjects
that have been submitted to the British public for
many a year. It was carefully drawn by able lawyers,
and was subjected to the scrutiny of equally able law
yers on the other side. Yet at the time no one ap
pears to have foreseen the complication that has
arisen. It is clear, therefore, that there are times
when even the brightest intellects do not understand
the full purport of their own words.
The chief executive of this city has declared under
oath that efforts were made by the authorized repre
sentatives of a local newspaper to induce him to bar
ter the Police Department for political favors, to make
of the Fire Department a mammoth engine of politi
cal corruption and to defeat an honest Judge out of
renomination. These facts certainly suggest them
selves as the most significant which could merit the
attention of the Grand Jury which is now in session.
The Southern Pacific Company has decided to is
sue no more passes for the use of politicians or for
political favors either past or prospective. The au
thorities of Sacramento ought to honor the company
with a vote of thanks for deliverance from a mob of
dangerous characters and invaders.
If the monarchs of Germany and of England con
tinue to swap decorations and endow one another
with the orders at their command it will soon require
3. committee of.identincation to tell who is who.
The Preston School of Industry is enveloped in tht
shadow of another scandal. It would seem that the
management, even for the sake of novelty, might try
to be decent for a while and startle the State.
Complaint is being made that the naval heroes of
Santiago have not yet received a reward for their
brz\ery- It would be interesting to know what Hob
son calls that kissing expedition of his.
German newspapers are making sn earnest appeal
to England to stop the war in South Africa. Latesl
reports from the front indicate that this is just what
England would like to do but can't.
A CHANCE TO SMTLE.
"Fosdick Is an enthusiastic collector of
curiosities," said Perkasle.
-**I know." replied Bunting. "A man told
him that he'had the original telegram that
Caesar sent to Rome. 'Veni, vidi. vlct.*
and Fosdick never rested until he had
bought it from him."— Detroit Free Press.
The Grip Microbe met the Malaria Ba
cillus, r- v?
"I feel like taking a whisky and qui
nine," said the former.
•visrreed. •j'here comes a man. Let's
ehake him for the drinks."— Philadelphia
Times.
"Won't it be splendid when we can talk
to the people on Mars?" exclaimed Mr.
Meekton's wife,
"What's the matter. Henrietta? You
haven't got all through with the people
of this earth, have [ your'— Washington
Star.
''Delighted to see you, Bishop! Down
for a rest. I presume?"
"Yes; I've been ,in the slums for a
month." •
"Ah. Indeed! But. then. It's never too
late to merd, you know."— Plttsburg Dis
patch. . -:v"
"Yes. It Is terrible." moaned the Weep
ing Mother; "it Is terrible to think of
our little son in the- hands of the kidnap
ers." : -
"But," said that Syir.pathirir.gr Friend.
•'think of the social prestige It gives you."
—Baltimore American.
"If the Creek Indians go on the warpatn
aeatn they'll have reason to remember the
pale-face,"
"Let's hope they'll remember him iritTi
out taking any locks of hair for the pur-
Baa*. 1 '- Philadelphia Ttmaa.
In Japan It would be thought as rude
to neglect to offer tea to a visitor on his
arrival as not ;• speak to him.
The Bant* Fe will make extrcntoa rates from
California points to "Washington and return on
the occasion of the of President
McKinley. March 4th. The tickets will be sold
on February Mth and JSth and will be good to
return, starting from Washington, not later
than March Sth. West of Chicago, however, tho
tickets will be rod until March 25th. These
tickets will be honored on the California Llm
ited.
Go to the Inauguration.
Mrs. Kerrigan (six children, crying and
fighting)— Phat fer?
Mr. Kerrigan — Oi want to give this
molnd-cure book a fair trial. OI want *o
see can Oi convince mesilf thot there is
no such thins ex matrimony!— Puck.
Mr. Kerrigan— Kape shtlll foive minutes,
for th' love av hivin! ,
BIBECK — B., City. The ownership of
the racehorse Jlibeck is not public prop
erty.
MEDICAL COLLEGE— C. A. J., City.
To become a student In the medical col
lege named communicate with the dean
of the faculty.
SAX BRUNO RANGE— G. H. I.. City.
The ranse of hills southeast of Cypress
Lawn Is called the San Bruno range.
Tho highest peak is 1315 feet.
TAHOE-N., Oakland. CaJ. Tahoe. the
name of the lake In California, Is pro
nounced Ta-ho. with tho sound of a as
In far and that of o as in note.
THE THIRTY-SIXTH— S.. Mokelumne
Hill. Cal. On the 1st of February, 1901.
the Thirty-sixth United States Volunteers
had not left Manila, homeward bound.
CENTURY— C. M. N.. Mlllbrae. Cal.
There is no record that in the year 1000
the Pope officially declared that we were
in the twentieth century in that year.
COUNT IN CASINO— J. R. P.. Altaville.
Cal. In the last deal. In the same of
casino, tho count is cards, spades, big
casino, little casino, aces and sweep.
THEATERS— C. H.. City. The seating
capacity of the Metropolitan Opera-house
in New York City is given as 1999. That
of the Grand Opera-house of San Fran
cisco as 2500.
QUOITS— H. J. C, Mare Island. Cal.
The English rule for quoits is that "The
distance from pin to pin shall be nineteen
yards and that the player stand level with
the pin and deliver his quoit with the first
step."
GEOLOGICAL EXPEDITION— Student.
City. For information relative to a Gov
ernment surveying and geological expedi
tion bound for Alaska in April, communi
cate with the geological office, room 7SB,
Appraiser's building, this city.
COPYRIGHT— Subscriber. City. The fee
for recording a copyright claim is 50 cents,
and the fee for a copy of the record or
duplicate certificate is 50 cents additional.
"Write to the Librarian of Congress at
"Washington, D. C. and he will send you
a blank form of application for copyright.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE— A. H.. City.
A "private" detective In San Francisco,
unless he holds an appointment from the
Board of Police Commissioners as a
"special officer" for a specific purpose. Is
no more than a private citizen and has no
more right to carry a weapon concealed
than any such citizen, unless he pay for
and obtain a permit, as required by law.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
O. O. Howard of Los Angeles is at the
Palace.
C. M. Hatcher of San Jose is a guest at
the Occidental.
Albert Rubensteln. a merchant of Hart
ford, is at the Uck.
T. W. Mather, an Insurance man of
Xapa. is at the California.
John Ross Jr., a raining man from Sut
ler Creek, is registered at the Uck.
Frank H. Johnson of the Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Company is at the Palace.
W. J. Mitchell of Reno and P. J. Thom
as of Nevada City, both mining men, are
at the Grand.
Speaker C. W. Pendleton came down
from Sacramento last evening and regis
tered at the Grand.
George H. Cowie. secretary of the Holt
Manufacturing Company of Stockton, Is a
puost at the California.
I* F. Garney, a prominent attorney of
Los Angeles, accompanied by his wife, la
registered at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
There is. in tact, much of gratification among whites
North and South over the progress the negro has
made. The recent exclusion of so many colored
voters from the polls can hardly be more than a pass
ing: folly. As the negro advances in wealth and citt
renship be will win Lack his rightful place in our
political system. The great majority of the Ameri
can people will as far as lies in their power cordially
respond to Mr. White's earnest appeal for his race:
"Help him to overcome his weaknesses, punish the
rrime-cornn:itling: class by the courts of the land,
neasere the standard of the race by its best material.
cease to mold prejudicial and unjust public sentiment
against him, and. my word for it. he will learn to sup
port, hold up the hands of and join in with that
political party, that institution, whether secular or
religious, in every community where he lives, which
i> destined to do the greatest good to the greatest
number. Obliterate race hatred, party prejudice, and
help us to achieve nobler ends, greater results, and be
come more satisfactory citizens to our brother in
u sue.
A showing of that kind is certainly creditable to the
b'^ck race, but Mr. White should have noted that it
is creditable to the white race also, for had the negro
been 50 much oppressed and wronged as it is the
custom of some people to claim he would not have
had an opportunity to achieve 50 much for himself.
The white people of neither the Northern nor the
Southern States have done all for the negro thev
might, bat they have done much. The great oppor
tunities of American life have not been whollj- open
to the colored man. but most of them have. Not
long ago Booker Washington, after a visit to Europr.
stated in a speech at Atlanta that after studying the
conditions there ar.d here he had come to the conclu
sion that the negro has a better chance to rise in life
:n Georgia than the average untrained white laborer
has in any country of Continental Europe.
Mr. White's argument is that despite the obstacles
j.laced in their way and the well ni^li universal preju
dice asainst them the negroes of the country arc
ja.v.iiiy advancing in v.ialth, culture and morality. In
reviewing what has been accomplished by them in the
thirty- five years that have elapsed since their emanci
pation he said: "Since that time we have reduced the
illiteracy of the race at least 45 per cent. We have
written and publishe i nearly 500 books. We have
nearly 300 ne.vspapcr?, three of which are dailies. We
have now in practice over jooo lawyers and a cor
respondinp number of doctors. We have accumulated
over $1^.000.000 worth of school property and about
S40.ooo.otx3 worth of church property. We have about
140.000 farms and hones, valued in the neighbor
hood of 5750.000.000, Mid personal property valued ?i
about ?'• re -ooo .000. We have raised about $11,000,000
for educational purposes, and the property per capita
for every colored man. woman and child in the United
States is estimated at $75. We are operating success
fully several banks, commercial enterprises among
our people in the southland, including one silk
mill and one cotton factory. We have 32,000 teach
ers in the schools of the country: we have built, with
the aid of our friends, about .20.000 churches, and sup
port seven colleges, seventeen academics, fifty high
schools, tire law schools, five medical schools and
tvcr.ty-rive theological seminaries. We have over
600,000 acres of land in the South alone. The couon
produced, mainly l>y black labor, has increased from
4.G69.770 bales in 1S60 to 11.235.000 in 1S90. All this
we have done tinder the most adverse circumstances."
Ol r all the speeches that have been made in Con
gress at this session that which has attracted
most attention and is most deserving of it ii
the addte>b delivered a few days apo by Representa
tive White of North Carolina. Mr. White is the only
ncRro in Congress ami his term expires with this sc»-
Mon. There will be do ne^ro in the next Congress.
Consequently the fjh'ccIi was in some respects the
valedictory of the colored man. He is j)asstnj» for a
t ; me out of the preat council of the nation and there
«•; no tellinp when lie will again have a representative
in that l><*<3>\
A NEGRO'S VALEDICTORY.
!ty has been received from Rome. Mrs.
Seton was the daughter of Dr. and Mrs.
Richard Bayley. They belonged to a Rood
family of Northumberland. England.
Elizabeth Ann. the prospective saint, was
born In New York in 1774 and In 1797 -was
married to William M. Seton. a relative of
Lord Seton. He remained loyal to the
English cause during the American revo
lution, la 1S03 Mr. Sfton died and his wlf>
went to Italy. On her return she Joined
the Roman Catholic falih. and in 1S09 she
established what later became the Slaters
of Charity. She died in 1S21.
ELIZABETH ANN SETON, founder
of the order of the Sisters of Char
ity In America, Is to be canonize 1
by the Roman Catholic church ff ar,
Investigation into her life that Is
now bplnp carried on warrants that ex
traordinary proceeding. Should the church
decide that this pious American woman's
career is worthy of placing her name on
the roll of the sanctified she will be the
first native saint of the United States. The
official investiKfctlon Is being conducted
by Rev. Father P. S. McIIale. president
of the Niagara University, whose author-
MRS. ANN ELIZABETH SETON, FOUNDER OF THE ORDER OF THE
SISTERS OF CHARITY. FROM AN OIL PORTRAIT PAINTED DUR
ING IIEH PRIME.
SATURDAY FEBRUARY 9, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Hint* All Cenmmeieationi to W. 8. LEAKE. Hiaagtr.
M«VACnni> OKKiriC Tflrphonp Prw. 2««
1'IUL.ICATIOK OFKirK...M»rUf« and Third. S. V.
Tclcphanr l'rrn 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 <o SCI SteTcnaon St.
Telephone l*rr«» 202.
Dclti-orrd •»•¦ furrier*. IK rent* Per Week.
Flncie Coptea. S Cent".
Tertn« l»r Mnll. Including Vautntzf
TlATVT CALT, <1nclu«1nc Sunday). «B» t**t f«.M
r>AILT CAt^T, <lnc!aainc Fundar). * months.................. «. ( W
PAII.T CALX, (inelnainr Sunday). I mcctbs 1"
DAILT CAlX— Dr eicirl* Month **a
FrXDAT CALU On. T>«r !•»
V.fcElLLY CALU On. Year »•*
All postmasters tire nntfinrlsed to rrcrU*
• nhaerlptlotia.
Cats pi* copies will b. forwarded thm reqar«t<4.
Matl »=b«-rtt»rr fn cr«1'r»nr «-h«nr» nt «iflflr»~ •houlfl >4
fcrticuiar to |1n tenth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In ord*t
to isiur. a, prompt and correct comrll&ncs with their r«"ju*s*..
uikLANU OFF1CU 1113 Broadwar
r. CEORGB KltOGSES".
¦razaftr Foreign Adrtrliting. Hariactto Building. Chieagi.
O^oct Luitaorr Tilsptnait "Central MO.**)
KKW TORK COUnnSPONDENT:
i~ C. CAItLTO.V Uerald Square
MW TOilK REPRESENTATIVE:
¦TEPnCK ii. >.M I 111 3u Tribune Bntldlng
NEW TOItK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Actor-la llctrl; A- Ulrt:l»oo. u Colon Bq^ar*:
Mcrrar UW licwL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bwrmu Uoom: T. O. Nn» Co.; Qreat Kertbara Hotel:
n-rmcct Uoum; A.udltbr:am Hotel.
WASijixoTo* <n. c.» office i4on a *«.. if. w.
MORT«» K. CltAMC. Cnrrnvondnii.
The Call repeats the charge that Phelan entered into an unlawful compact with
A. M. Lawrence of the Examiner to appoint Lawrence's candidate to the office of Chief
of Police. It offers to prove the charge in court if Mayor Phelan dare to appeal to such
a tribunal. He now stands convicted of lying by his own testimony, and we can convict
him of further lying if ottered an opportunity to do so.
"When the reorganization of the Police Department occurred and Sullivan was ap
pointed, the Examiner people were dissatisfied. They were enraged at the charges laid
at their door and Esola's* and demanded that he be appointed, if only for a day."
Xow we have already quoted from Mayor Phelan's open letter the statement:
"At no time was I asked to procure his (Esola r s) promotion."
There is one point more. In his testimony Mayor Phelan said:
Should the investigating committee have any desire to learn how much of falseness
there is in the statement that the Mayor had made no promise to keep Maxwell in office,
it can easily obtain witnesses to prove that he did. Doubtless the Examiner itself could
furnish the witnesses.
"That is one motive showing animus, and another was the dismissal of George Max
well from the position of Secretary of the Fire Commission. He was notoriously known as
the agent of Sam Rainey, and I thought it best for the interests of the city and the Fire
Department to cut off his head. After I had gotten rid of him the Examiner claimed that I
had not only made a bargain with it to keep Maxwell, but also not to touch the Chief of
the Fire Department. This was not true."
In these instances we have the Mayor's testimony contradicted by the Mayor's let
ter. There are othei of his statements under oath that can be refuted — not directly
by his own words indeed, but by the word of more reliable men. For example, he stated
in his testimony that the present investigation has been due to the malice of the Exam
iner, and after assigning .the rejection of Esola as one motive for that malice, he went on
to add:
Here we have in the letter an assertion of autocratic power to remove the Chief oi
Police, and in the testimony under oath a weak evasion in the plea that it is a matter of
doubt whether or no he has such power.
"If a mistake is made I can correct it. The Commissioners are responsible to me
and I to the "people for ihe administration of the Police Department, and I will personally
see that the Chief, whoever he may be, will enforce the laws, detect crime and bring of
fenders to justice. Any compromise, so common in the past, with crime shall be speedily
rebuked in the person of the officer.".
Now in that same open letter to the public, published in the Examiner of January
17. 1900, Mayor Phelan by way of assuring the people that his administration would be
a good one even if an incompetent man were made Chief of Police, said:
Thus \vc have the Mayor over his own signature in a public letter declaring at one
time that Esola merited the place and was well qualified for it; and now under oath de
claring that Esola is a man of no education, and that trie office of Chief of Police is too big
for him. That, however, is not the only contradiction that involves him. When ques
tioned by Coinmittecman Laird concerning his power under the charter to remove offi
cers who <lo not enforce the law. the Mayor said:
"I can appoint and dismiss the Police Commissioners. I have recommended the ap
pointment of a Chief of Police. Whether I have the power to remove the Chief of Police is
a question. There are two views of that matter. The charter gives me no power to com
mand the police excepting in times of riot."
"Esola's name was mentioned as worthy of promotion in the Police Department on
account of his ambition to serve in some larger capacity, his gentlemanly demeanor and
his excellent record. He was young, vigorous and had the confidence of those who knew
him well. At no time, however, was I asked to procure his promotion, but I am not una
ware of the fact that his friends expected for him some recognition in the line of promo
tion in case I was elected to office. There was no one else in the department who was
prominently mentioned or seemed particularly well qualified for the place."
That was the statement under oath before the investigating committee. Now on
January \y, 1900, Mayor phelan published in the Examiner an open letter replying at
great length to charges made by The Call, and in that letter he said:
"After the charges made against Esola had been disposed of, the commission felt
reluctant about appointing him. In fact, it was found impossible to appoint Esola. He
is a man of no education, and the position that he had held in the Police Department had
always been a small one. The position of Chief of Police was in fine too big in which to
It will be remembered that when Phelan was organizing his administration under
the new charter. The Call charged that before the election he had entered into a compact
with A. Mi Lawrence of the Examiner to give Lawrence the- appointment of the Chief of
Police^ and that Lawrence had dictated the nomination of Esola: and that as a result of
that exposure the Police Commission refused to elect Esola. When questioned about
those charges and oilier matters in connection with the Esola affair, Mayor Phelan said
on Thursday: \
¦¦¦¦" ¦ " '¦ » . i :¦<•---¦ V* ' 4
MAYOR PHELAN'S testimony given before the Assembly investigating com
mittee is another illustration of the truth of the old proverb, "Liars should have
long memories.'' In answering .the questions put to him the Mayor endeavored
to make out o good case for himself in the present instance, but in doing so forgot the
statements made by himself in times past, and the result was an amount of self-contradic
tion that has all the outward signs of perjury.
MAYOR PHELAN UNDER OATH.
An Unusual Punishment.
A man convicted in Vermont of tha
murder of a Deputy Sheriff has Just been
sentenced to serve a tfrm of two years'
Imprisonment at hard labor, th* last threo
months belnjr in solitary confinement, and
at the expiration of that term he is to
be handed. This seems in the nature of
a cruel and unusual punishment. Fancy
the torture to which this man will be
subjected by the knowledge of his fate,
two year* of it. The provision of hard
labor for the full two years would not
have been 50 harsh as the refined cruelty
of placing him in solitary confinement for
the last three months of his life. There
may be a diversity of opinion regarding
the use of capital punishment, but no
sentence yet noted has exceeded In
deliberate cruelty this* one from Ver
mont.—PittsburK Press.
Christian Endeavor Growth.
Twenty years a*o last Saturday the first
Young People's Society of Christian En
deavor was formed In Portland. Me. Its
constitution was . printed by hand on a
hectograph pad for local distribution.
From the WMiston Church the Idea soon
spread to neighboring churches in Port
land and elsewhere. Since then aWO.Om
copies of the constitution and lno.uw.Cy)
copies of the pledge have been printed in
at least sixty different lansrunpes. They
have been translated into all the lan
guages of Europe, into the chief laneuep*
of India. Burmah and China, into the bar
barous tongues of the South Seas, ana
into the tribal speech of the North" Ameri
can Indians. The movement has girdled
the earth and become one of the potent
forces for good in the world.— Chicago
Tribune.
New York's Huge Salary List.
New York City's roll-call of employes,
which now carries 4S.00O names, and with
details as to their salaries and addresses
fills a book of 30S pages — rjuite a city di
rectory in itself— continues to cut an In
creasingly large figure in the budget.
Within the last six months of 19ft) salary
increases amounting to $233,843 were made.
Increases of school teachers' salaries and
of policemen advanced tr» higher grades
were not included In thia amount. For
the first six month* of littf) salaries were*
increased W'H'.STa. not counting senool anil
police salary increases. So that for the
whole year VMi there was an arbitrary
advance of salaries, not due to any* man
datory State law of $713.22*. The city's to
tal salary lift, which called for $34,717,961 in.
1S99, went up to over H».rt0O.0OO last year,
and for 1901 will undoubtedly be many
millions higher and is likely to swallow
half the entire budget of nearly one hun
dred million^.— New York World.
For "Uniform pivorce Law.
The American Bar Association has
drafted a uniform divorce act. to be sub
mitted to the various State Legislatures.
It provides, first, that no divorce shall be
granted in any State for a cause that was
not ground of divorce in the State where
the cause arose. It demands also resi
dence for a year before suit can b«
brought If the cause arose, within the
State, otherwise for two years, and re
quires that the defendant shall be per
sonally served with notice, with certain
obvious exceptions. Further, "no di
vorce shall . be granted solely upon de
fault, nor so'ely npon admissions by tho
pleadings, nor except upon hearing before
the court in open session." It allows
either party to remarry. The fact that
legislation deals with subjects affecting
women so Intimately as divorce, empha
elzes the need that women should have a
voice and vote in the matter. There is an
obvious incongruity in such questions be
ing dealt with exclusively by men. —
Woman's Journal.
Population Possibilities.
Before the civil war the United State*
rate of population Increase was about
one-third in every ten years. That swift
ness has been temporarily stopped, and
the increase for the past ten years was
.Tl per cent. That rate will give, the United
States In 1310 about 91.65O.0no people, and
In l!C0 a population of 110,000.000. Figur
ing on the same percentage of increase,
the population, roughly stated, will be. In
1930. 131.0flO.0iX): 1940. 158.Ono.nnO; 1950. 190.0V).
00O; 1900. 227,0«>.0i10: 1970. 273.fRrt.0nO; 19*). ?**.-
OOO.rtO; 1330. 394.000.000: 2000. 472.000,000. T5*»n
it is not unreasonable to suppose tint
some of tha new century babies will ITve
to see this country's population equal tha
present population of China. Ther^ls
room for ail without crowding-. Fvm
Massachusetts is not yet crowded. It ha»
32S inhabitants to the square mile. When
the United States is as thickly settled as
Massachusetts our population will be over
500,000,000'.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
FIRST CANONIZED SAINT
OF THE UNITED STATES
Memory of Mrs. Seton, Founder of the Sisters of
Charity, May Be So Honored.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1901.
The problem is not one of great importance, and
will doubtless be solved in some easy, common senss
way: but it is none the less interesting as an illus
tration of the curious ways in which lawmakers
/
6
Pennsylvania, flndlnar Matthew- at tho
Feat of customs, called him and he came.
Southern outran*. It would seem, has
emigrated to Kansas.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont-
comery »t- Telephone Main 1042. •
Valentines for old and younjr: th* b«t
we have ever shown. Sanborn. Vail & Co.*
Choice candles. To wnvnd's. Palace Hotel.*
• mi
Cal. rlace fru!t EOc per 1b at Towns*nd's.»
ny Sullivan & I>i>i>- This d*y. at 11 o'cl.ck. Horses, at
c^rr.'T KlRhtiTtth arid Kli>rii1a slprot*.
Vy \Vm. ti :..»¦_ — Monday. February H 4»' or * p * «*!»<!
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
<~«llfr.rnl« — "TV** of lh«> d'l'rtwrvllW."
Orih'uni Vnu.Vvtlle.
Grur.rt <">r*T»-houso~"Pl.amus OT-rti'ti."
Alh«mbr«— "Ttn» Borrow of «*«twi."
a If r '" j. "lnrt.1i 1
Olumt>U-- Iti.-huM III."
Ttvoll--">>>11 «iwynn»"."
Or.tral-'A I'muhtfr of the Million."
Olynirt*. MMMW Mason an.1 IM«ly ptrr««t»— SpiK-lalt!**.
<*hut**», Z* »'» ¦tkI TTh^atrr — Vuu«l»*vill* <*v^**> aflcrx^o^ti iintl
KtM~h«T> Vauifcvifk*.
Uetneollua TVtnrl^-HrnRchMa Ilrcltal to-mnrrow aft<r-
rrnon.
V«-trnpr>11t*n T-mpl*'— Hrnsi-hd'5 H*i-ltal this afternoon.
«>lumbl«— n«-nrftt of th«- CtMUtty 1'uml 7f the Theatrical
Mechanic*' Afsnclatlon. Btt&dty afternoon.
Turfomn Park -Kaor* to-.i«y.
THE KIND OF A WIFE I WOULD CHOOSE
FOR MY SON. JS7»H^"^
W\ NEXT \f
i SAN FRANCISCO'S TWENTIETH CEN- J
I \ TURY WITCH. . J
I ST. VALENTINE'S DAY. f
• ARE VEILS INJURIOUS TO THE EYE- S
I SIGHT? $
[ SUNDAY'S I
§ PECK'S BAD BOY AND GROCER YM AN 2
• CELEBRATE VALENTINE DAY. •
• A DAY WITH THE LIFE-SAVERS. t
% HOW TO COSTUME FOR A MAS- I
• QUERADE BALL. $
••• I A I 222
jbJ tALL Us!;,
THE KIND- OF A HUSBAND I WOULD CHOOSE
FOR MY DAUGHTER. By Marlon Harlaod< Harr!tt 8 _
Marietta H oU.y. Mcr B cr.t E. San 8 sUr -nd c«,S J'STiJSSSNOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort- Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column elves the laat tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except • when m.
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
night seventy-eight days from Newcastle,
Australia, and the bark Roderick Dhu.
fifteen days from Hilo. also made port.
The latter vessel has made the run of the
season so far, but Ctvplaln Johnson says
he will make it a nine days' record be
fore the year is out. Tne run of the Lord
Cairns was only average, but then it is
a year since she was on the drydock.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Alice Cook will load lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu; the Heathcralg, wheat
at this port for Europe, 3*s 9d. prior to arrival.
Tlie Guatemala's Cargo.
rhe steamer Guatemala cleared yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with a general cargo,
valued at $1S,336. manifested as follows: For
Mexico, J779S; Central America, ?S084; South
America, $2474. The following were the prin
cipal shipments:
For Mexico — 22 pkgs machinery, 120 cs fuse.
5 crs potatoes, 3 crs onions, 16 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 100 flsks quicksilver, 18,800 R>3
sulphuric acid. 61SS lbs chloride lime, 120 gals
wine.
For Central America — 194 pkgs railroad mate
rial, S£.> bbls cement, 1163 bbls flour, 20 gals
wine. 204S ft lumber, 30 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 25 cs candles, 33 crs potatoes. 600 lbs
lard. 10 cs paste. &5SS lbs rice. 5 cs canned
goods. 20 cs apples. 55 cs salmon, 1320 lbs dried
fruit, 3(K) lbs beans, 10 cs hardware, 2 flsks
quicksilver.
For South America— 25 cs salmon, S cs canned
goods. 160 bbls flour, 26 bdls pipe. 594 lb» hops.
6 pkgs machinery, 143 lbs dried fruit. 2 crs
wagon material. *
Large Cargo for the Curacao.
The steamer Curacao, which sailed Thursday
lor Mexico, carried the following cargo, valued
at'J32.339:
37 drums acid, SO cs bread, 15.526 lbs beans,
600 gals brandy. 67.234 lbs bluestone, 255 ctU
barley. 64 coils cordage, 100 bble cement. 129 cs
canned goods, 14.822 lbs coffee. 4» cs drugs, S5#>
ibs dried fruit, 230 bxs fruit, 49 cs fuse. 2533
pkKS groceries and provisions, 8 bales hose, 60
bale3 hay. 1490 lbs hops, 1171 pkgs hardware.
4589 lbs lard. 144 cs mustard, 16.000 lbs mineral
brown, 72 crs mlllwork. 53.297 lbs malt. 202 crs
machinery, 2015 Ibs middlings, 21.100 lbs oats,
4S bales oakum, 31 crs onions, £24 cs 33 bbls oil,
51 pkgs paste. 468 crs potatoes, 333 pkgs pro
duce. 348 kegs nails. 167 bales 13 cs paper, 1712
lbs nuts, 8 bales rubber belting-, 94 pkers rail
road material, 150 flsks quicksilver, 18 bbls
rosin, 2531 bdls shocks, 2?D pkgs pipe, 7 cs fit
tings. 97 cs paint, 43 cs salmon, 1200 sheepskins,
13 bdls shovels. 80 bdla shinples, 9S4a lbs tallow,
150 c» turpentine. 40 mats rice, 203 pkgs vege
tables, 25 cs window glass, 37 crs wagon mate
rial, 210 cs whisky, S2 cs J233 gals wine, £0,103
ft 2522 res lumber.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday, February 8.
Ptmr Navarro, Hansen. 11 hours from Black
Stmr Jeant<\ Mason. 95 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 54 hours from Coos
B»- via Port Orford .46 hours.
Ftmr Washtenaw, Zolling. S3 hours from Ta-
Stmr Eureka. Jeesen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 47 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, .
Jap etmr Nippon Maru. Greene. 2< days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days, via Hono
lulu a days 23«4 hours.
Br KhlD Lord Cairns, Davlea, 78 days from
Newcastle, Aus. .V' ; i :^ .
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 15 days^ from
Schr Fannie Dutard, Rudbach, o% days from
Port Los Antreles.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landings
CLEARED.
Friday". February 8.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama; Pa
cific Mall S S Co.
Br stmr Guatemala, Harris. \ alparalso; Bal
four. Guthrle & Co. '
Whallns bark Andrew Hicks, Storey, whal
ing cruise; S F Whaling Co.
SAILED.
Friday. February 8.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr City of Sydne- McLean. Panama and,
way ports.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Aus stmr Federica. Ivandch. Nanalmo.
Aus stmr Olga. Descovlch. St Vincent.
Btmr Fulton, Levinson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragtr.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn. Coos Bay.
Br Btmr Guatemala, Harris. Valparaiso.
Tuff Samson, Stream, Astoria, with barge
Washtucna in tow.
Barge Washtucna, Harriman, Astoria, in tow
of tus Samson.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen. Iversens Landing.
Schr Volunteer, Brissem. Grays Harbor.
Schr S Danielson. Haf?erup. Sluslaw.
Schr Free Trade. Peterson. .
Schr Abble. Paterson, Coos Bay.
Bchr Melancthon, Olsen, Wlllapa Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 8, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NE, velocity S miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Callfor
nlan. hence Jan 19; brig W G Irwin. hence
Jan 10. Jan 30— Stmr Sonoma, hence Jan H;
stmr Hongkong Maru, h«nce Jan 24; bark Dia
mnod Head, hence Jan 10. Feb 1— Bktn Beni
cla, hence Jan 17; schr Muriel, from Newcas
tle, Aus.
Sailed Jan 25— U S Btmr Grant, for Manila;
bktn S G Wilder, for San Francisco; bktn Jane
L Stanford, for Puget Sound; Bchr Albion, for
San Francisco. Jan 26— Bktn Chehalls. for
Pueet Sound: brig Harriet O. for San Fran
cisco. Jan 28— Stmr John S Kimball. for Ka
hului. Jan 29— Bktn Archer, for San Fran
cisco: bark Edward May. for San Francisco,
via Kahulul: bktn Echo, for Puget Sound. Jan
30— Bktn John Smith, for Puget Sound. Jan
31— Stmr Sonoma, for Sydney; Jap stmr Hong
konr Maru, for China and Japan.
To sail Feb 2— Ship Florence, for Puget
Sound. Feb 5— Bark Kalulanl,; for San Fr&n
° HILO— Arrived -Jan 24— Schr Marie E Smith,
from Port Townsend. Jan 23— Bark Oakland,
from Puget Sound. -
To sail about Feb 1— Bark Amy Turner, for
In port loading— Bark Martha Davis, for San
P*ORT°? 'TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 8— Bktn
Skaelt, from Hllo.
Passed In Feb 8— Stmr Bertha, from Valdez;
stmr Victorian, from Alaska. . "¦
Sailed outward Feb 8— Oer bark Antigona.
°EUREKA— ArriVed Feb 8— Stmr Scotia, hence
Feb 6; stmr Pomona, • hence Feb 7.
Sailed Feb 8 — Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro;
Stmr Brunswick, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr National
City, for San Pedro. , „ _ . _
KAHULUI— Arrived Jan IS— Schr Compeer,
from Port Ludlow. Jan 24-Shlp Charmer,
from Oyster Harbor. Jan 25— Brig Lurline.
hence Jan 8.
CASPAU-Sailed Feb 8— Stmr Luella. for San
PORT C °6ambi,e— Arrived Feb 8-Bktn SUa-
Blt. from Hllo.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 8-Stmr Det
Norte, hence Feb 5.
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 8— Stmr Geo Loo
mls, hence Jan 7, and sailed Jan 8 for Ba.n
Francisco.
ASTORIA-Salled Feb 8-Br etmr Condor, for
San Francisco.
Balled Feb 8 — Ger bark Hassla, for Queens
town; Br stmr Strathgyle, for China.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Sailed Feb 8— Stmr
Mlneola, for RedonJo.
REDONDO-Sailed Feb 8-Schr V,'m Renton,
for Whatcom.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 8— Stmrs Bertha and
Victoria^ from Alaska.
Sailed i>b 7— Stmr Farallon. for Skaguay.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PREMANTLE— Arrived prior toi Feb 8—
Bark Hollisworth. hence Nov 12.
SYDXBT — Arrived prior to Feb 8 — Bktn
Ruth, from Eureka.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Colon, hence
Dec 2S.
SANTA ROSALIA— To sail Feb 7— Br ship
Thistle, for Portland. To sail about Feb 13—
Br ship Hay tor, for nitrate ports; Ger ship
Antuco. To sail about Feb 15— Qer ehip Arl
ande. To sail about Feb 10— Schr Philippine,
for .
In port Feb 7 — Br ship Marlon Joslah; -Ger
ship Osorno, from Hamburg.
Arrived Dec 24 — Br ship Crown of Denmark,
from Hamburg. Feb 4— Br ship Olivebank,
from Shields.
Sailed Feb 3— Schr Llllebonne, for San Mar
cos Island.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Feb 8 — Stmr
Vaderland, from New York.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 8— Stmr Hohenzol
lern. from New York.
NAPLES — Arrived Feb 8 — Stmr La. Gascogne.
from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 6-Stmr Braemer.
from Tacoma. for HoriKkong.
L1VERPOOI,— Arrived Feb 3— Stror New Eng
land, from Boston- . .
Sailed* Feb 7— Stmr Tunisian, for Portland.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr Penn
land, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
MOV I LLE— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr Furnessia.
from Glasgow, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr Manjuette, for
New York.
NEW YORK-Salled Feb S— Stmr Dresden,
for Bremen. •
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
THE XEW SCHOONER MAURICE THAT HAS BEEN BUILT FOR THE
TAHITI INTERISI^AND TRADE." SHE WILL. SERVE AS A FEEDER
FOR THE AUSTRALIA.
XVII.
Let us return to the Persian empire as
It was in the sixth century before Christ,
the period when the semilegendary kings
bore sway in Rome, when the learned ty
rant Pisistrastus rules at Athens and
when the Jews were ending their captlvity
on the banks of the Euphrates. It was
then the most extensive, the best or
ganized and the most wisely administered
state which Asia had seen.
But already active in it were germ3 of
decay. The martial virtues of the Medes
and Persians, stalwart children of the
hills, their temperance, frugality and
energy, were undermined. Even their re
ligion, which their magi had attained on
the mountains in the contemplation of the
stars, could not save them. Raised sud
denly and without preparation to un
bounded affluence, they were like paupers
who have drawn the grand prize In a. lot
tery or have fallen heirs to an unlooked
for estate.
The conquered civilization of the Tigns-
Euphrates basin thus took a speedy re
venge upon its conquerors. The empire
sank Into an immense. Inert, though still
living, mass. The invasions of Greece
it attempted demonstrated its inability
to attack. Xenophon and his ten thou
sand, marching across Asia Minor to Cun
axa. demonstrated Its Incapacity for Belf
defense. No nation and no ruler ever
fell more inglorlously than did the Per
sian empire and it3 last sovereign when
assailed by Alexander and his handful of
Greeks. The Greco-Asiatic kingdoms,
which arose under crowned generals after
the death of the great> cenqueror, were
determined by the natural conditions
which the rivers and the mountains Ira
pese. .
Asiatic geography had overborne Alex
ander himself. The twelve altars which,
according to tradition, he erected to mark
the extreme limit of his triumphant
course, had their location Indicated by
geography. He had pushed on where no
other European nad ever been. But even
he, the unconquerable, could push no
farther.
The Roman succeeded the Greek, but
the base from which he made his attack
was farther away. Rome weakened as
the distance increased from her vital
center, the Mediterranean Sea. Her le
gions carried their eagles up to the
sources of the Euphrates and Tigris and
to the borders of the Syrian Desert west
of old Chaldaea. Over that territory,
mostly embraced In Asia Minor and Syria,
the arms and diplomacy of the two con
tinents have contended ever since.
Thus far we have paid chief attention to
two inseparable physical factors, the
mountains and rivers; the mountains
as determining the nature of the rivers
in their volume and direction; the rivers
as determining the fertility and extent of
the alluvial piains. There remains a third
factor to consider, hardly less Important,
the desert or steppe.
The steppe is itself a consequence of
climate and soil. Almost all Asia is situ
ated in the temperate zone. Only a por
tion of Its three southern peninsulas are
south of the tropic. But the Tlan Shan
and Kuenluen stand in the way of the
summer winds freighted with moisture
from the eastern aeas. In consequence
little rain falls, west of those ranges, over
an area measured by hundreds of. thou
sands of square miles. Nor are the con
ditions greatly different through an enor
mous tract south of the Altai Mountains.
In winter the prevailing winds are from
the mainland toward the ocean and are
naturally dry. The parched soil or sand,
wind-blown, prevents the growth of treea,
in which both the steppe and the des
ert are wanting. The difference between
them is one of degrees, the desert being
the drier, drearier and more desolate of
the two. Yet some rivers from the moun
tains, before they lose themselves in the
vands or reach the brackish inland Aral
Sea. form oases in the wilderness or af
ford means . for irrigation along their
banks. Still the population of the steppe
can never be relatively numerous nor can
it have its habitation permanent and
fixed. The people born upon It must be
r.omads from the start and never can at
tain a high degree of civilization. The
region must react upon character and
render its children as unreliable and as
merciless as their sands. Their own lives
and the lives of others can possess no
sacredness and little value. Trained by
the nature amid which they are born, in
war it is their pastime not only to kill
and conquer but to destroy. Only a child
of the desert could have boasted that,
where his horse's hoof fell, no grass ever
grew.
Protected by their encircling- mountains
in the Infancy of the race, the favored
dwellers in the river basins could mul
tiply and grow prosperous in peace. But
as time went on. rumors of fabulous
wealth and luxury were sure to reach the
nomadic tribes in what was then an outer
world. At last even ramparts and bar
riers, thousands of feet in height, could
not shut out their cupidity. Always on
the part of the nomadic invaders there
was the passion not only to possess but
to ruin. The later of these outpourings
from the desert are recorded In history.
They are personified to us in the names
of leaders such as 'Attila, Genghis Khan
and Tamerlane. Despite all 4he" massa
cres of which we have an account in va
rious times and among various peoples,
the bloody ferocity which marked the ca
reer of these last two leaders is un
equaled. Over his tomb at Samarcand is
now written the sullen epitaph which
sums up the spirit of Tamerlane. It
reads: "If I were alive the world would
not be glad."
Before we take up the Asia of to-day,
there is one country apart, to the south
west which has a history distinctively
its own. In politics it has affected the
welfare of mankind more than has done
any other portion of tne Asiatic conti
nent In religious influence it has been
inferior only to Judea. It concentrates all
it was and has been in, the life and deeds
of a single man. Since Christ was born
at Bethlehem no other human being has
wielded so laree and permanent an au
thority, has cast so large a shadow, aa
Mohammed, the camel driver of Mecca,
the prophet of Arabia.
Arabia is an Immense rectangular block
of land, over a million square miles In
area, suspended between the Red Sea, the
Arabian Sea, the Persian Gulf and the
Gulf of Oman. It is attached to the con
tinent only on the north. Northward Its
boundaries-are as indefinite as the horizon
and as shifting as the sand. It is shut off
from the rest of the world by the terrible
desert which leaches westward from the
head of the Persian Gulf. Arabia Petraea,
wherein the children of Israel wandered,
Is only a small portion of the peninsula.
Until less than 1300 years ago the Arabs
were split into innumerable and petty hos
tile tribes. The great majority as nomads
roamed over the deserts and the high pla
teau which form the greater part of the
interior. Some more fortunate Inhabited
villages and towns in Arabia Felix, on the
long. narrow""strip of land which borders
the Red Sea. The population could not
have been much less than 3.000.000, but
among them there was no tie of any sort,
either of language, religion, ancestry or
The • achievement of Mohammed was
that with the fire of a great idea he weld
ed all those warring elements into one or
ganic whole.' Statesman no less than
prophet, he built the tribesmen into a na
tion. Inflaming them wtth the spirit of
military ardor and religious zeal, he sent
them from their desert confines to the
political and. religious subjugation .of the
world. The resistless torrent of the new
invasion ' spread victoriously up to the
shores of the Caspian Sea and submerged
every faith and government from the In
dus through Northern Africa to the At
lantic. Arabia from its seclusion exer
cised a more widespread domination than
had Greece and Rome. Islam, the creed
so recently revealed, counted more adher
ents than Christianity. . .
¦The results of a convulsion may be seen
long after the passing of the earthquake
shock. The crusaders wert but an episode
in the unended line of consequences that
have followed the outburst from Arabia.
No other cause has so modified the cur
rent - of subsequent history. Few other
causes are so potent to-day.
It ' would be a stimulating and fruitful
task to linger- upon the war geography of
Asia as determining its life and history
during the middle ages and in modern
times. Progress in civilization is indicated
by the degree wherein man rises superior
to and utilizes the forces of nature. Yet
this superiority la only relative, Man Is
still for the most part the creature ot cir
cumstances. The roads along which his
armies march, the fields whereon they
battle, the limits of nascent states, the
occupations of their Inhabitants, the apti
tudes and inclinations of dwellers upon
certain territory— concerning these and
kindred things, nature by soil and climate
and elevation and every physical charac
teristic uttered her fiat at the creation of
the world.
There are certain matters of special in
terest to rtmark a» we contemplate the
present map of Asia.
One Is the unequal distribution of popu
lation, some regions being hardly occupied
by man and ethers being crowded almost
beyond their ability to afford support. In
all Asia there are supposed to be 850.000.0C">
human beings, or fiftv-slx persons to a
square mile. Yet 700.000,000 persons, flftecn
6lxteenths of this overwhelming host, are
packed at the rate of 117 per square mile
Into China and India, which together in
clude only two-flfths of the entire Asiatic
territory. On the 1.300,000 square miles
which make up China proper, 3S3.C00.000
persons, or 294 to the square mile, manage
to exist. But the remaining 2.SCO.0OO
square miles of the Chinese empire sup
port only 19.00O.C0O souls, or not quite seven
to the square mile. Mountainous Persia
has 650.000 square miles of territory and
84>X).OOO people, or twelve to the squar«
mile. Hence we see that the relations of
domicile have remained unchanged from
antiquity. The river basins, like magnets,
Ftill attract agglomerations of human life,
while only sparse and scattered tribes
linger on the mountain or steppe.
Another striking fact is the deflnJtenesi
of the boundaries. The physical mio
might almost serve as the political map,
with so much docility have politieaJ sys
tems adopted the limits which physical
considerations have prescribed. There is
nothing here of that artificial delineation
of frontier, of following parallels of lati
tude and meridians, which European
agreements and conventions have ir-ad?
familiar on the map of Africa. Modern
conquest has sometimes Ignored natural
landmarks and sought to divide the in
divisible. Thus H.u38ta. Perria and th«»
Ottoman empire each holds a third of
Mount Ararat. Thus the western pow
ers, withisolated possessions, dot the
coast of Uhina. Generally, however, it
is the flowing river or the mountain lin^
that traces where one dominion. end3 and
another hpeins.
Another fact, morei Impressive and supr
gestlve. is the weakness and paralysi3
which has fallen on such of the Asiatic
states as still profess a nominal Indepen
dence. What cne is there whose theory
of government, whose system of education
or whose military prowess, the rest of
the world regards? " The island empire of:
Japan is the sole exception. But only th«
veneering of western ideas, which she haa
assumed as to administration and miil
tary affa1r3, gives her dignity. Japan is
respectable and strons among the nations
only so far as she ceased to be Asiatic.
Her future Is secure onlv on the essential
condition that there be no relapse into
the Oriental torpor from which aha
¦was roused by Commodore Perry and th<5
American scuadron In 1S53. The other
"independent" states are Persia. Afghan
istan, Siam, China and Korea. The Otto
man empire, though Asiatic in origin and
faith and Asiatic in most of its territory,
has Its capital In Europe and Is to be
reckoned a European power.
The last fact to recojmlze Is this: Asia.
with the exception of Japan, has already
passed or ia fast passing into European
ownership and control. There are few
Islands anywhere alonj? its extended coast
over which there doea not float a forelsm
flaff. There Is no Asiatic court in which
the influence cf some foreian state Is not
, predominant. Persia and Korea are sub
servient to Russia. Siam to Great Brit
ain. Afghanistan to hoth. and China first
to Russia and then to .ill the powers. Not
one of these states dares perform an offi
cial act or take an official step of whlcli
Its "protector" does not appnn-e. But by
far the largest portion of the continent
Is under the direct administration of
European rulers and la reckoned their
territorial possession. The acquisitions
of Great Britain and Russia span a spac?.
5000 miles In breadth, between the Arctic
and Indian oceans, and meet in th<» Pa
mirs. Over the Himalayas and the AJtais
with the certainty of fate they Impend
on China, which not oniy they, but Franc©
and Germany, menace from the sea. How
lonp Korea. Persia. Afghanistan and Siaitt
shall retain a quasi-independent existence
depends upon foreign procrastination
rather than on themselves.
Nor Is this progressive march of western
mastery and assimilation to be deplored.
One may lament the deceit and violence
by which it is too often accomplished, but
Its ultimate outcome is the advancement
of humanity. To India and to Turkestan,
to whatever Asiatic spot the pun carriage)
of the Englishman or of the Russian haa
apDroached. there has come with it such
order and tranquillity, such safety of llfo
and property, surh equality of rights and
such protection before the law. as that
portion of the continent has never known.
EDWIN A. GROSVENOR.
Amhcrst College.
Note — An examination npon this course
a« a basis for the granting- of certificate*
will be published on Wednesday next.
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
I he Geography of Asia and the
Changes It Has Undergone
Through War.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Beats the Toyo Kisen Kaisha's Hongkong Maru More Than
Six Hours in the Twenty-One Hundred Mile
Run Between San Francisco and Honolulu.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Zealandia and the Japanese mall
steamship Nippon Maru arrived
from Honolulu . yesterday. The
latter vessel made the' better run
and camo in ahead of her usual time. It
was only a question of turning the tables,
however.* The Zealandia is one of the best
preserved of the old class of ships, while
the Nippon Maru is a modern vessel with
a guaranteed speed of seventeen knots.
£he did not run up to her "guarantee" on
this occasion and the Zealandia beat her
to dock.
In connection with this run comes up
that of the Sonoma and Hongkong Maru.
Both vessels left here for Honolulu on the
same day, but the Hongkcng Maru had a
two hours 1 start. The latter vessel has
"found herself," being nearly two years
in commission, while the O*ceanic Com
pany's boat is practically on her .maiden
trip. She left here two hours after the
Hongkong Maru and beat her four hours
into port. As the Sonoma holds the rec
ord between Philadelphia and San Fran
cisco the fact that she beat a seasoned
seventeen-knot mail boat six hours in a
2100-mile run is all the more to her credit.
The Zealandia docked as» soon as she
passed the quarantine, while the Nippon
Maru was held at the station for several
houra. Those who came up on the Zea
landia were:
B. F. DHUngham and wife. Mr. Hetneberg
and wife. Mr. Kane and wife. Mrs. H. M.,
IJonson, II. W". Bloom, Rev. E. Bishop, J. T.
McCrosson, E. J. Cotton. M. Ebert, \V. Koeb
ler, W. J. Falkner. P. Egry. A. Saylor, A. W,
Judd. C. II. Springer. D. L. Bachant, J. E.
Holland. JC. E. Cramer. W. L. Crowell, George
Falligan, C. P. Baughman, S. Pelser. George
Peace, D. C. Williams. Mrs. R. J. Efford, A.
W. Xelson, Miss Baylor. Dr. Armitage. H. P.
Fay*. Miss I. Faye, Miss E. Faye. Misg E.
May. P. .Shields. Mrs. J. E. Keller and child.
Miss K. Hawlpy, Mrs. J. E. Murphy, Mrs.
C. Merry, Miss M. Dowsett, Mre. TV. T. Hyde
and Frank Wilson.
Those who came up on the Nippon Maru
were:
Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Chapin. B. Hotta. A.
G. Menocal, U. B. N.J F. Huttenbach, Miss
C. Ten Penrod, M. Mechlyouna, B. Myeda, R.
Myeno. Captain' George F. F. Wilde. U. S.
N.: S. Gogo, Lee Chee. L. Huttenbach. H.
Sundt.
NEW SCHOONERS COMMISSIONED
Three "Will Sail on Their Maiden
Voyages "Within Ten Days.
The schooner Maurice came down from
Turner's yard yesterday and will be fitted
out for the Tahiti trade. Her owner has
not yet accepted her. but doubtless all dif
ficulties will be straightened out and the
smart little schooner will go away loaded
with freight. She is to run among the
Tahiti Islands and her headquarters will
be at Papeete.
Besides the Maurice, the Alvena for the
Gardner Mill Company and the Alumna
for the Simpson Lumber Company are
ready to so into commission and will sail
from Coos Bay and Eureka in a few days
with full cargoes. These vessels are only
the advance guard of the new fleet that
will be launched and commissioned this
month.
m
Movements of Transports.
The army officials are in a quandary just
now. The volunteers have to be brought
home and two of the transports are "laid
up." The Sherman has to be overhauled
and the Warren will take six weeks to os
put In shape for an emergency run, T l ie
Sheridan goes out on the 16th inst. with
two battalions of Infantry, but what ve*>
eel will follow her on March 1 Is a mys
tery. Should the Meadc get in on time
she may be rushed out again, but if she
is late then no transport will sail on the
regular bi-weekly trip. Only work that Is
absolutely necessary will be done on th'j
Sherman and Warren and they will bo
got ready for sea as quickly aa possible.
Sealing Hen Protest.
There are more than thirty British peal-
ingr vessels at work alone the coast, while
a schooner from San FVanclsco dare not
lower a boat. Uncle Sam has prohibiteJ
the taking of seals and the Britishers are
making hay while the sun shines. Yester
day rive of the fleet were in California
ports refitting-.
The Borealis was In Drakes Bay wait
ing for a new crew to be sent overland
from Sausallto. The Vera (formerly the
American schooner Halycon) and three
others were in Monteray Bay wating for
hunters, while half a dozen more are at
Santa Barbara. All tneSc vessels hunt
nine miles off shore and thus evade the
law. but while they can clear on a sealing
cruise an American vessel cannot. Conse
quently the whole business is in the hands
of the British and the 1 men who have tho
Prebyloft Island concession.
"Water Front Notes.
James Robertson of 4ol Bryant street
met with e peculiar accident yesterday.
He and four other men were engaged In
tixirs; a new hawse pipe in the bark
Mauna Ala. Suddenly the rop« holding
the gangway siirped and Robertson and
four of his assistants were thrown lnt<5
the bay. Robertson feil on a floating pile
and had his rcalp bally lacerated. He
was treated at the Harbor Hosoltal.
Captain McNeil, who resigned from the
barkentine Planter a few days aero, has
been appointed master of the ship Marv
L. Cushing. He goes ir> Puget Sound to
take his new command.
The tramn steamer Olsa sailed for Eu
rope with wheat yesterday, and the mall
steamer City of Sydney sailed for Pana
ma and way ports.
The British ship Lord Cairns came In last
RACE IS WON BY THE OCEANIC
COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP SONOMA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 19011
TO SAIL.
7
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.l Pier.
February O.
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier -
Doric China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Point Arena., point Arena 2 pm Pier J
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier J
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier :
Febrnary 1O.
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 5
Santa Rosa.. San D>go 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier i:
February 11.
Arcata ;," Coos Bay i pm Pier H
Australia Tahiti 12 m Pier i
February 12.
Argo Coqullle River 10 am Pier !
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier S
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2'
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier i
Bonlta Newport ....: 9 am Pier V
February 13.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier '
Queen; San Diego $ am Pier I!
February 14.
Newburg..... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier '.
February 15.
Walla "Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier !
Corona. Newport 9 am Pier 11
Steamer. From. I Due.
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. |Feb. 9
City of Para... .{Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 9
Coronado iRedondo Feb. 9
Hyades Seattle Feb. S
¦Wellington IComox Feb. 9
Royalist 'Oyster Harbor Feb. 10
Queen 'San Diego Feb. 10
Bonita INewport Feb. 10
Vomona jHumboldt : Feb. 10
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Feb. 10
Newburg iGrays Harbor Feb. 10
Titania iNanaimo Feb. 10
Argo jCoqullle River Feb. 10
Roanoke [Panama Feb. 11
Walla Walla. ..jPuget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Leelanaw Seattle Feb. 11
Progreso jTaccma ....." Feb. 12
Eureka iHumboldt Feb. 13
North Fork 'riumboldt Feb. 13
Corona [Newport Feb. 13
G. W. Elder 'Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 14
Palena ...Panama & Way Ports. Feb. II
Point Arena — Point Arena ' Feb. 14
Santa Horn..... San Dtego Feb. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Berg-enhus China via San Ulego... Feb. 14
Mattewan Tacoma Feb. 14
Mandalay ICoqullIe River Feb! 14
Alliance 'Portland & Coos Bay.. Feb. 13
Steamer.
8ATURDAT. FEBRUARY 9.
Sun rises
Sun sets .
Moon rise;
"l:Yo"i
..7:06
..5:42
>. m.
]
O Time
l» - !
a H W
8 ... 2:43
9 ... *:15
10 ... 8:50
11 ... 4:27
12 ... 6:14
13 ... 6:09
L. W
14... 0:64
13 ... 2:00
Ft -
5.2
5.1
6.1
6.1
6.2
5.2
I Time]
in?
8:43
9:S4
10:31
11:56
12:35
'1:28
H W
7:03
-8:00
Time '
Ft. I { Ft.
H W]
1.8 1:65 4.2
1.6 3:53 3.8
1.4 5:06 3.7
1.1 6:30 3.6
0.8 7:40 3.8
0.5 8:42 4.1
L W
5.4 2:1$ 0.0
5.6 3:01 -0.2
ITlmel
hi
8:23
9:07
9:50
10:46
11:50
Ft.
I
1.7
J.I
2.5
2.3
3.0
S.O
2.9
H W
8:30
10:U
4!4
4.7
8ATURDAT. FEBRUARY 9.
Sun rises
Sun sets .
Moon rise;
"l:Yo"i
..7:06
..5:42
>. m.
]
O Time
l» - !
a H W
8 ... 2:43
9 ... *:15
10 ... 8:50
11 ... 4:27
12 ... 6:14
13 ... 6:09
L. W
14... 0:64
13 ... 2:00
Ft -
5.2
5.1
6.1
6.1
6.2
5.2
I Time]
in?
8:43
9:S4
10:31
11:56
12:35
'1:28
H W
7:03
-8:00
Time '
Ft. I { Ft.
H W]
1.8 1:65 4.2
1.6 3:53 3.8
1.4 5:06 3.7
1.1 6:30 3.6
0.8 7:40 3.8
0.5 8:42 4.1
L W
5.4 2:1$ 0.0
5.6 3:01 -0.2
ITlmel
hi
8:23
9:07
9:50
10:46
11:50
Ft.
I
1.7
J.I
2.5
2.3
3.0
S.O
2.9
H W
8:30
10:U
4!4
4.7
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.l Pier.
February O.
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier -
Doric China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Point Arena., point Arena 2 pm Pier J
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier J
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier :
Febrnary 1O.
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 5
Santa Rosa.. San D>go 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier i:
February 11.
Arcata ;," Coos Bay i pm Pier H
Australia Tahiti 12 m Pier i
February 12.
Argo Coqullle River 10 am Pier !
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier S
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2'
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier i
Bonlta Newport ....: 9 am Pier V
February 13.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier '
Queen; San Diego $ am Pier I!
February 14.
Newburg..... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier '.
February 15.
Walla "Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier !
Corona. Newport 9 am Pier 11
Steamer. From. I Due.
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. |Feb. 9
City of Para... .{Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 9
Coronado iRedondo Feb. 9
Hyades Seattle Feb. S
¦Wellington IComox Feb. 9
Royalist 'Oyster Harbor Feb. 10
Queen 'San Diego Feb. 10
Bonita INewport Feb. 10
Vomona jHumboldt : Feb. 10
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Feb. 10
Newburg iGrays Harbor Feb. 10
Titania iNanaimo Feb. 10
Argo jCoqullle River Feb. 10
Roanoke [Panama Feb. 11
Walla Walla. ..jPuget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Leelanaw Seattle Feb. 11
Progreso jTaccma ....." Feb. 12
Eureka iHumboldt Feb. 13
North Fork 'riumboldt Feb. 13
Corona [Newport Feb. 13
G. W. Elder 'Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 14
Palena ...Panama & Way Ports. Feb. II
Point Arena — Point Arena ' Feb. 14
Santa Horn..... San Dtego Feb. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Berg-enhus China via San Ulego... Feb. 14
Mattewan Tacoma Feb. 14
Mandalay ICoqullIe River Feb! 14
Alliance 'Portland & Coos Bay.. Feb. 13
Steamer.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
...FERGUS HUME'S...
Latest and Best Story,
"The Golden Idol"
TO BE PUBLISHED IN THS
San Francisco
Evening Post.
"Everybody enjoys a rood thrill."
"The people like their recreation with a dash
of spice."
"Philosophy must be tinged with human In-
terest. The mystery of the unknowable 1. not
half as interesting as the mystery that is
cleared up In the last chapter."
These are the reasons that lsduced THE
EVENING POST to select from amons a lar?a
number of stories
"THB GOLDEN IDOL,"
Fergus Hume's latest and beat mystery novel.
It is interesting - In every paragraph, and 1 $
superior in sustained excitement to his Justly
celebrated work, "The Mystery of a Haascm
Cab."
It Is, of course, a story of love, adventure
and mystery, and the author Introduces a
number of well-drawn characters to make love,
lay plans, scheme revenges, save distressed
heroines and bring together the good and pun-
ish the wicked.
"THE GOLDEN IDOL"
Is a capital story, and no one who reads the
, first chapter will fall to follow the thrilling
adventures of hero and heroine to the end.
It cannot be read anywhere else than In THQ
EVENING POST.
The openlnsr chapters will be published In
THB EVEXIXQ POST MagazlDe this after-
noon, Eaturday, February 9.
This story, which If sold In book form wou!d
cost $1 b<>. Is free to all rejrular readers of THB
SA>I FRANCISCO EVENING POST.
THE POST Is the best afternoon paper pub-
lished. The subscription pflce is only *0 cents
a month (mall or carrier). Sample copies fr«e.
Call or address-
THE EVENING POST
Post Building, Bush and Kearny Streets, C&a
France
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
• of railroads.
. Office, 30 Montgomery street. •
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Promo-Oufnine Tablets. •
Recent sales of real estate in Galveston
show that current property values are
held Ht only about one-half the figures
prevailing' prior to the storm.
Prejudiced
is the state of any woman's
mind who -.closes her ears
to the praises of
White
Cottolene
Its fame has spread to
every country. Wise cooks
everywhere know it as the
shortening which makes
crusts the best part of
their pies, because they
are so flaky and crisp and
taste so good.
It is better than lard and
as satisfactory as butter
in EVERY department of
cookery. Why not order
a pail at once?
¦"*"¦'— x -^** k Th? NXFalrbank Company,'
Chicago-Sole Manufacture™.
FBFF ! Our dainty booklet,
mailed free to any address.
For two 2c stamps we will
send free our 125-page recipe
book, "Home Helps." edited
P. S.— NoHog Fat in COTTOLENE
ADVEETISEMENTS.
T^OJ^fE"SECURITY7
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /£iU*<?^^
Tor? •sasOl msssl *• *»mt
(• teke as ¦mgsn
crp !r»AD-rrn>l F0R headache epp
*" CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. *"
GENUINE Wjvfr for torpid uyer. GENUINE
P PSILS FOR CONSTIPATIOR.
WStPPFR )g Rl FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPED
WdAlTtK 'jjrfi [FOR THE COMPLEXION " KArri:S
"PRINTED ON REID F.AJPEK~*
COLlf EVS&iA LEADING TKEATP.E
Kaaastn Wa**ohali \ «* K*mr*r Present
Lq^jc KATHR1N
GAMES -> KIDDER
M \TINEE TO-DAY-LAST TIME!
"A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM"
TO-NIGHT—^RICHARD III."
Sunday Ni£ht, "MACBETH."
COMING TO ALHAJ BRA
Beginning TO-MORROW MGHT,
? Concerts— Sun., Wed., Thur* . Fr!., Sat.
Scats on ea'.e at Alhair.bra tKx office.
COLUMBIA THEATEJKxtra
eiTXDAT AFTERNOON. FEE 1?.
NINTH THjjiif BENEFIT
CHARITY FUND
p^S- T-RAXCIPCO LODGE. NO. TL
Theatrical Mechanics' Association.
A HOFT OF ATTRACTIONS!
BEST BILL EVER GIVE%- IN" THE CITT.
Reserve* seat?, E*e and $L
Sow on talp at the box offlc*.
'• iXJe ELLIXGHOU £E Prop, and Manager
' phone south 770
hbt two performances:
MATINEE TO-DAT-TO-NIGHT
¦VVM A. BRADY'S Grand Production of
"THE SORROWS OF SATAN."
i Parted and r>ramatiz*4 from the Famoui
Novrl cf MARIE OORELL.I.
L?UAL ALHAMHRA THEATER PRICES.
TO-MORROW. SLXDAY MGHT—
aSOUSA
AKT> ITIP BAND
SEATS NOW READY ALHAM-
PRA i:nx OFFICE.
fi CCNCEBTS-MtUseei 4 Ertaifigi.
ITS ALL THE RAGE!
EVENING? AT S. MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
FUN AND MUSIC GALORE!
PLANQUETTE' S
NELL
GWYNNE!
Ccmlnt— WIZARD OF THE NILE. Wiin
"HOOT MON" WHEELAN.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 60 cent*
Telephone — Bush 8.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
E. S. Wlllard'e Succeaj of Two Continent*.
By Henry Arthur Joce*. Esq.
NEXT WEEK
Auirustia Daly'e Fascinating Comedy,
"A MGHT OFF."
SEATS NOW READY.
E2ELASCO amo THALCS^tfrtg.
Phone South 123
MATTNEE To-4ay and To-morrow ( Sunday).
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Evening— Last Per-
fornmnces.
THE POWERFUL MELODRAMA.
A DAIMTER OF THE MUON.
Novel an* Etartllnr Situation*.
DDirCC Evening* -r-V>C 15c, 2Se. JSc, 50c
iKitLJ Jtatine** 10c, 15c. 2Sc
NEXT MONDAY— Wm. A. Brady*! Famous
Success. "AFTER DARK-"
E»« — Tfce London Dock Scene with Real
Water; tfce Tur.nel Scene with the "Flying:
Tcctchnaan" : the Katie Hall Scene, Introduc-
ing Kyecialties, Coxing Matches, etc.
*THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TAATOBAN PAKK-THIRD MEETING.
itociay, Jacsary II, to Saturday, February
f. Isclustva.
£IX O3 MOKE RACES EACH VTEEK OAT.
£lx Etak* Events, Three Ilurile Races and
Elx Steeplechases.
FIRST B-CE OP THE DAY AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains le*re Third anfl Townsend «trcet» for
Ta=foraa Park at J. l»:40. 11:39 a. m.. 1. 1:M
aal 2 p. ra. Trains leav* Tanforan Park for
fear. Frc ----- mX i : :1S p. ra., followed after the
tut race at Intervals of a few minutes by eev-
eral specials. Seats In rear cars reserved for
U£ies *r.d their escorts. A<1rr.isslca to course,
lscis£lr.s railroad fare, tl-TS.
MILTCM 8. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWA"";'"' J^OWEB, Racln* Secretary.
SHERMAN, CUYJc CO.'S HALL
TCES.. WED. end FRI. AFTS.. Feb. 12, II, 15.
Leopold Godowsky,
THE GREAT PIAXIST.
Rr-served Sp&l« — 12. tl 10 and tl. On sale at
Mitrmtn. Clay & Co.'s.
FI^CHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
iJanLnD Admission lOc.
All Ztjfia, Da It on and Lewis, the Marcos,
SoC'rey, Lillian Levy, Cunningham, Harrr de
La'.B. tie Fairbanks brothers and Hlnricba'
»nh«;trt.
I Beterred QeaU ZSe. Matinee Sunday."
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATINEES TO-PAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAFT TWO NIGHTS OF THE GREATEST
LIVING IRISH COMEDIAN.
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
LAST TWO NIGHTS,
SHAMUS O'BRIEN
PRICES-lOc, 15c, 25c, 50o. A ffw front rows i
la Orchestra, 75c. Good Reserved Seat in Or-
ch»Ftra et all Matinees, 2ic. Branch Ticket
t Office Kir. peri um.
I February K-REOPENING OF THE MO-
ROFCO STOCK SEASON.
j M0R0SC9 S GRANDOPERA-KOUSE, Special
GOTTLOR. MARX & CO. and WALTER MO-
ROSCO Announce the Farewell Ap-
pearance in This City of
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
M.TiOQUEUN,
t-'nder tlie Direction of
MR. MAURICE GRAU.
FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY.
Commend. MONDAY EVENING . NEXT,
February 11. In
ROSTAXDS DRAMATIC POEM.
For 6 Nights and «T ' A TPT fllVT 9 '
Wednesday and Jj AlllLUlN
Saturday Matinees.
OR. THE EAGLET.
SEATS NOW ON SALE at Box Office. Grand
Optra-houM 1 . and at Branch Ticket
Office, Emporium.
PRICES— tl r.0, i*. $3 and $i. Boies. $30. $24
and 112. General Admission. tZ. Gallery, $1.
Sunday Evening, February 17.
"PHEDRE" and
"LES PRECIEUSES REDICULE"
MME. BERNHARDT and M. COQtTELIX
Will Appear at Every Performance.
Seats on Sale for This Performance Monday
Mornir-c.
MATTNEE TO-PAT. SATURDAY, FEB. 9.
Parque*. 2."c. any seat: Balcony. 10c; Children,
10c, any part except reserved.
ANOTHER BIG BILL!
MURRAY AXD LAKE. KATHRTX OSTER-
MAX. EMPIRE CITY COMEDY FOUR.
LIZZIE AND VINIE DALY. FOY AND
CLARK. LEAMER SISTERS, WARREN
AND BLANCHARD. THE BIOGRAPH.
SECOND WEEK OF
THE WINE NELSONS.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY OF
"TESS OF THE IVURBERVILLES."
TO-X1GHT AND MONDAY. TUESDAY AND
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS OF NEXT WEEK
MRS. FISKE
PRESENTING
TESS of the CURB! RVILLES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
NIGHTS, and SATURDAY MAV
INEE OF NEXT WEEK'.
MRS. F5SKE in
"BECKY SHARP."
CHUTES and ZOO
SPECIAL—THIS AFTERNOON.
JUVENILE
PERFORMERS'
DAY!
TO-NIGHT!
Big Cakewalk!
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
THE HENSCHELS.
THIRD BEC1TAL AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
TO-DAY at 3:15.
Subsequent Recitals: '...:;
Next Monday Evening at 8:15 o'clock.
Wednesday at 3:15 p. m. Last recital Thurs-
! day. Feb. 14, at S:15 p. m.
i. Prices— T5c, $1. |1 M and *!. Seats for all
! recitals on sale at Sherman. Pay A Co.'s.
1 '
" Q A I A P C Th ese hotels pos-
"/\Lf\(j£ £css the attributes
that tcurists and
Onfl travelers appreciate
OIIU — central location,
HDAKin Hberal manage-
UnHllU ment, modern ap-
II ATP I A pointments and
HUTtU, iigMlH
San FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
B~0 H h* I 1 Eft Bkl S *n5 Eri
f cOW I Standard remedy tor Gleet. >— >y
K m^Jt Gonorrhcea and Runnings fumv i
IN 48 HOURS. Cures Kid- ImlUTI
ney and Bladder Trouble*. \ywhen the merits and qualifications of all
were considered the committee declared
in favor of Mr. Dickman. The carnival
prince elect is not fresh from France and
Italy, but he remained abroad after John
Stanton, A. Jollin. Orrin Peck and Tony
N«w Navigation Company.
Articles of incorporation of the Matscn
Xavlgatlon Company ¦were filed yesterday.
The company purposes carrying freight
and passengers between all ports of th^
Pacific Coast of Xorth America and South
America and the ports and harbors of
Asia, Australia and the Territory of Ha
waii. The capital stock is $1,500,000, of
which $700 has been subscribed. The di
rectors are A. B. Spreckels, X. ObJandt,
J. A. Buck, \V. D. K. Gibson. C. H. Daly,
Henry St. Goar and A. F. Morrison.
His Majesty Will Reign for a Night, During Which His Merry
Subjects Will Revel at a BaL Masque at Mark Hopkins In
stitute, for Which Elaborate Preparations Are Being Made
JteJIrnnn r»*n»» hnrne, unit In thtMfore as
wHI fitter! fl» tiny of fh»a«t trt Introduce
Old Worlrt fpnturrs to th«j Hnn Francisco
feVllfffc
Th« rartilvaf i>rlnc« htu* from thin time
until Tu»fl'Jny evenlntr. Vchrusiry 15. to
hustle around end f»rKanf/«> hit* court,
ftp will br> expect*'! to work nn»l produce
a Rorgeotis flpeetnrtu In th«> «hap4 of a
royal prncesslo"- If *>» p«o*c» to ronsult
society t(» HPCPHalri If thl* feature la
proppl", tit thiit fipparttirn ftdmlaalbK ho
will len'l a colrttl"-".* and conventional ar
ray to tb« hn II room of Mnrk fiopklna In
stlttit". If ho ntrlkrn out llk« a boM and
daHiie prlnr* for something original and
jilcturofitiuQ he friny Htnrtle th«> prudes,
but ho will enliven ttm hall and Rlvn the
coiirtlern and epectatorn nom«;thlnic U>
talk nlinut at Btipprr. K. M. On?<?nv/ay.
who Is derldertly conservative and «iow
to'tlppnrt from uld fashioned customs of
dancing, dining und drinking, l» some
thing of a nol'l Innovator wnen It comes
ltd orgfMil/.!ng th»« mwiThing column of a
tint niiii»<|iH\ Mr. Urrfnway was ono of
tho v.Mrt orKanlZTM of the carnival pro
¦ ••¦khIihi Iiiri ynr. Ho l» «n thn committee
this ytar and rnn toil 1'rlnco Ulckman
about tho "fouturcH" which proved ac
cfptHhlu on a formt-r oceanlon.
Two tlioiiHiinti invitation* to the ball
harn been Ineued. Tho- boxes In the
Hcurles gallery or mnln dancing hall were
taken Immedluttily on tho announcement
of tho ovent. Cnptftln Robert Howe
Fletcher, curator or tho Murk Hopkins
itistiintf. Is Kivitu; Hp«.-clal attention to
tho sclwrne of decoration. Tho scheme
is yet a secret, but It may bo that
it la wholly now and aultw elaborate. The
plan of diffusing ana concentrating tho
many shades of light on tho decoration 1»
expected to produce a »cc:no of une<iualed
beauty when tho procession enters the
ball room.
The managers of tho Mardl Gra3 have
in mind that there was a crush at supper
last year. Pressure of the guests im
peded tho waiters and prolonged the de
lay of service. The caterer was not equal
to tho task of serving tho throng. The
•ervlce xvus wretched and many of the
waiters were indifferent. If not insolent.
Special efforts will be made this year to
serve tho supper in well regulated fash
ion. Two hundred guests will be served,
in rooms on the main floor adjoining tho
Searles gallery. Extra doorways leading
from the kitchen to the basement rooms
will be provided. A separate department
for the service of wine has been estab
lished. Captain Fletcher believes that
the new plans will enable an intelligent
and capablo caterer to seat all the guests
promptly and serve every one of the 800
guests without unusual delay.
ARTIST DICKMAN TO BE PRINCE
OF THE MARDI GRAS CARNIVAL
Murphy Wins.
. SAN JOSE Feb. 8.-Judge Rhodes ren
dered a decision in favor of Martin Mur
phy In the contest over the office for
£m n J£ A t u i U °r this morning. Murphy
EoL 5 OW e the Pfflce. and Al Col, who
has been filling the place under appoint
ment from the Board of Supervisors, will
appeal to the Supreme Court. The deci
sion will have an important bearing on th-?
suit brought by Owen D. Richardson to
ou , s t C. W, Cobb from the City Justice
snip. Details in this case are similar to
tnose decided by Judge Rhodes.
Brother and Sister Insane.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 8.— A sad case of senile
dementia was brought to light to-day by
the commitment of Patrick Durkin and
Mary Carroll, brother and sister, to the
Agnews Asylum. The two old people ha«l
occupied a ramshackle adobe on South
Market street and exposure and lack of
food and care has undermined their
health. Both are natives of Ireland.
Durkin la SO years of age and hla sister 74.
LONDON, Feb. 8.— It has been learned
that a reply will shortly be sent to the
United States concerning the Nic
aragua x canal project. It will
not comply with the Senate's de
mands. Neither will It be in the nature of
a flat refusal, though for the purposes of
Immediate construction It will be tanta
mount to such a refusal. It will consist
mainly In a counter-proposal or proposals,
likely to necessitate extended negotia
tions. The nature of the proposal Is not
yet ascertainabte. Lord Pauncefote will
likely be the medium through which the
answer will be sent and by whom the
subsequent negotiations will chiefly be
conducted.
In British official opinion it is likely that
several months will elapse before the maU
ter- reaches a conclusion, by which time
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty will have
elapsed, on the basis of the Senate's
amendments. The British counter-pro
posals are now being formulated, and it is
hoped an entirely new agreement, satis
factory to both countries eventually, will
be reached.
WASHINGTON,. Feb. S.— So far as can
be ascertained the administration has not
had any Intimation of the counter-pro
posals the London dispatch says will be
made In the matter of the Nicaragua
canal project. There is a feeling of regret
that the British. Government has felt con
strained, to adopt such a cpurse, as the
hope was entertained that the amend
ments to the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
might have been accepted in the spirit in
which they were made.
Senator Morgan, when Informed to-night
of the new stand taken by Great Britain
said he believed that If Great Britain has
decided to take the action stated it would
create resentment In the Senate and
among the people and distrust of the
moves of that Government. He hoped It
P llsh ,M, result ,.. m some actl °n on the pend
ing bill at this session. Senator Morgan
however, was not willing to say what ar'
tlon if any. he proposed to take to bring
about such a result. •"*"&
One suggestion made to-night as a pos
sible counter-proposal by Great Britain
was that in return for concessions made
IVT h ff s £ e ml Bht desire an open port on
England Said to Be Prepar
ing Reply to Action on . .
the Canal.
AMENDMENTS NOT
TO BE ACCEPTED
The Power of the Press
Is a.'common expression, but few, realize its
actual power. Great as is the influence o J the
press It cannot b*Kln.to equal the power of
Hostetter's Btomach Bitters over disease.
The , Bitters strengthens the stomach, purifies
the blood and cures dyspepsia, indigestion
and constipation. It will tone up the nerves,
stimulate Inactive kidneys, and as an appeti
zer It Is unequaled. If you want to get well '
and keep well, uso Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters. • .
The wholesale grocers and the retailers
alike are protesting. Those who are
directly affected by the rais« in price In
cludo restaurant keepers, butchers, candy
makers. Ice cream makers, metal smelters
and fish mongers. In a notice that the
Federal Salt Company has sent out. In
cluding a schedule of the latest and high
est rates, the statement that rates are
subject to change without notice
is supposed by the dealers to mean that
future advances are contemplated. The
great bulk of the salt used is the com
mon rock, In which the advance has
amounted to between five dollars and six
dollars a ton in a few months.
According to the dealers It costs prac
tically, no more to produce salt now than
it dm a year ago. There has been no
improvement in the quality. The only
changes have been in the matter of the
price since the . combination became ef
fective.
The salt trust has again advanced
prices, which is the third jump since the
formation of the combine, a little over
two months ago. Common rock salt,
which was sold last year by the manu
facturers at $3 per ton, is now bringing
$S 73 to $9 per ton. Common dairy table
salt has been advanced from $1 per
package to 52 50 In carload lota, and the
retail grocer who does not wish to be en
cumbered with large quantities of this
kind of stock pays even more than the
rate mentioned. There is general grumb
ling over the sharp advances and the
opinion may be heard on 'change that the
evident purpose of the salt trust Is to
make a stake before opposition can ma
terialize.
Raise.
Uotice of Increase Seems to Imply
That There Will Bs Another
TRUST AGAIN ADVANCES
THE PRICE OF SALT
At the forty-sixth quarterly convention
of -the Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union, held last night at Plymouth
Church, the reports received from the
various secretaries Droved a source of
great pleasure. The progress of the so
ciety during the last year as shown by
the reports brought from State President
Warren warm words of praise.
Endeavorers Hold Convention.
The purchasing department of the
United States Government in this city
placed an order with L. & : M. Alexander
& Co. for twenty-five more Smith Premier
Typewriters. They are to be distributed
among the various departments. . •
Government Buys Typewriters.
SEWING SECTION EXHIBIT.— The newlnff
section of the Emanu-El Sisterhood will hold
an exhibition of the needlework of Its clauses
in the rooms of the society, 272 and 274 Ninth
Btreet, on Wednesday next at 3 p. m. Mrs.
J. R. Davidson, principal of the sewing de
patment. and her associates invite the mem
bers of the Blsterhood and their friends "to ln
ppect the work of the pupils.- .The exhibition
will be held after the meeting of the mem
bers of the section.
OLD MAN IS MURDERED.
After Fighting for His Wealth, Is
Stabbed to Death.
HONOLULU, Jan. 30.— A South Sea Isl
ander, known as Kukuma, was brutally
murdered by a supposed robber In the
Kalhlh district last Friday night. He was
an old man employed as a watchman in
Judge Wilcox's pol factory. At some time
during the night he was attacked by a
man with a knife. Unarmed and alone,
he defended himself for a long time and
at last fell helpless with a dozen cuts in
his arms, head and chest. The robber
searched his room and left the old man,
who was .found later and taken to the
hospital, where he died without giving
any information about 'ihcTaff air.
The old man slept in' a small room,
where he was known to be keeping the
small funds he saved. He wore a bag
round his neck In which he kept some sil
ver and it is thought that he had a little
hoard somewhere in the room. .Blood was
scattered all about for a distance of fifty
feet when the old man was found, show
ing that he had fought long to defend his
money. ¦ The slashes of the knlfo in his
assailant's hand had cut one thumb clean
off and had terribly mutilated both hands
and arms, besides making a dangerous
gash in Kukuma's head.
The police have no clew to the murderer.
The victim did not talk English nor Ha
.wailan and he died before a South Sea
Island interpreter could be secured. To E.
Montgomery, a man who was among
those who gave assistance, he tried to In
dicate by signs that the robber was a
Japanese.
The telephone service, which has come
in for very severe criticisms lately, is
blamed for the fatal termination of the
fight. Central couid not be awakened by
Montgomery" and he had to go In person
for the hospital wagon to take the In
jured man. (The delay cost Kukuma so
much blood that he never revived.
News of thV death of. Queen Victoria
was brought here by the steamship So
noma on the 30th, one day after the
steamer Callfornlan had brought the tid
ings that her Majesty was seriously ill
Though expected, the news that the aged
Queen had passed away profoundly
shocked the community. « Flags were- at
once placed at half mast and a number of
business houses closed their doors at once
on receipt of the news.
Sheviets Gsts the Verdict.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 8.— In the case of
SheviGts vs. BlunV the Jury 'to-day re
turnecra verdict in favor of the plaintiff
for $o67. The action was on a joint note
bearing the names ¦ of Jacob Blum anil
Chris Klein. Defendant Blum denied that
he over signed the note and alleged thv
the signature was a forgery. .
Medal for an Astronomer.
LONDON, Feb. 8.-The gold ¦ medal of
the Royal Astronomical Society awarded
to Professor Pickering.of Harvard Uni
versity was to-day received by United
States ( Embassador . Choate In , Professor
Pickering s behalf. .
raisers hereabouts are iubilant over the
prospects such a Bplendid rain assures,
and beet-growers all over the county fe»l
greatly encouraged.
SANTA ANA, Feb. fc.— Rain has fllen
here all day and prospects are for a fur
ther downpour to-night. The big San
Joaquin ranch has lost already many hun
dred acres of grain* from washouts and
fear is' felt that much more damage will
be done if rain continues. There is moro
snow in the mountains than has been
in ten years and in Santa Ana can
yon, eighty miles northeast of here, twen
ty-one and a half inches of rain has
already fallen this season, and it is fall
ing to-day In torrents. Bear Valley dam
has forty-five feet of water and is rapidly
filling up. The total rainfall for this lo
cality is over eleven inches so far, and
lowland farmers and celery growers aro
sure to suffer loss.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 8.— The Street Su
perintendent's office was deluged again
to-day by complaints of anxious citizens
against washouts here and menacing
ponds there. After Investigation no dan
ger threatening- to life or property was
discovered, the only case requiring extra
ordinary attention being the reservoir at
Sixth and Burlington streets. This pond
has increased In volume since the No
vember storm, and concern is felt more
for the possible results of further storms
than the menace of the present conditions.
The rains to-day set the street streams
running again, and washouts already
formed, were made deeper. The attention
of the Street Department was centered
upon the big storm lake on Sixth street,
near Burlington. The pond is now several
hundred feet wide» and as the storm water
has continued to flow into it it has backed
up into the two approaching ravines In
seeking its level. It is here that the
greatest complaint has arisen, for the res
idents fear that if the water continues to
gather it will back into their yards and
destroy the foundations of their houses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA. Feb. 8.— The freight train
from Santa Barbara was wrecked at 11:15
o'clock this morning about one mile west
of the Ventura River bridge. Four cars
were practically demolished while four
others were badly smashed. All were
thrown together in a heap. The former
were outfitters' cars, dining-car, bunk
house-car and supply and material' cars.
The bunk car, occupied by ten men, was
thrown across the track at right angles
and laid on its side.
Lonnie King's right hand was caught
in the door and nine companions were
thrown on top of liim. It was necessary
to cut the door away with an ax to allow
King to escape. L. O. Jacques was hurt
about the back and taken to a hospital.
He soon recovered.
One car jumped the track completely
and was thrown five feet. A stove set
lire to It, but the lire was soon extin
guished. The trucks were torn from
seven cars.
The accident was caused by the heavy
rain. The storm waters from the moun
tains filled the flume with dirt and un
dermined the roadbed.
The freight engino and two cars went
over without any trouble. The third flat
car dropped and lost its front wheels.
Each succeeding car lost its trucks and
Jumped the track. Nothing was done to
clear the track until 7 o'clock, when a
wrecking train arrived from Los Angeles.
Division Superintendent Burckhalter-ac
companied the wrecking crew. Forty
tourists and other passengers bound for
Santa Barbara are at local hotels. A
cattle train with 1000 head is stopped here
as is also the evening passenger train.
The OJal passenger train is delayed. The
Los Angeles freight was ordered to stay
In Santa Paula.
Early this morning the large main pipe
lh«e of the Santa Ana Water Company
burst at Foster Barranca, three miles up
the Ventura River, Twenty feet of pipe
was lost. This was also caused by the
heavy rains. The city was without water
to-day and there la none, to-night. The
line will probably, be repaired by to-mor
row morning. It has been raining since
4 o'clock this morning. The rainfall ex
ceeds one inch at 7 o'clock and over three
inches for the past few days. Ojai Valley
has over twenty inches.
PRECIPITATION IS GENERAL.
the Stats.
Rain, Snow and Sleet Falling Over
MILTON, Feb.. 8.— Wind, rain and hail
have characterized the storm here for the
past twenty-four hours and snow has fall
en In the hills. The limit of capacity has
been reached in the large Spring Valley
"Water Company reservoir near this place
and flood waters are now pouring through
Us wasto gates and down the channel of
Rock Creek, converting this usually
placid little stream into a swiftly running
torrent, dangerous to cross- when it is at
Its highest. The wind continues to blow
from the rainy quarter and no cessation
of the storm is looked for at present.
CHICO, Feb. 8.— There was a light fall
of snow here this morning. It disappeared
as rapidly as it fell. It is clear and very
cold to-night. This is the first snow in
Chico for several years.
GILROY, Feb. 8.— Showers of rain have
fallen the. past two days,, bringing the
total precipitation for the season up to
17.40 inches. The total for the entire sea
son of 1899-1900 was 13.96 inches. The
weather 1 9 very cold.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 8.— The storm, con
tinues, the rainfall .for the twenty-four
hours ending at 5 p. m. being .51. This
makes 2.61 for the storm. Since 5 o'clock
the rain has been falling In torrents, .73
being added to the storm.
PACIFIC GROVE. Feb. 8.-The storm
which has been In .progress throughout
this section for the past week shows no
signs of .abating. Nearly, five inches . of
rain has fallen, accompanied by consid
erable hail, and on. the adjacent 1 moun
tains quite a heavy fall of snow. .During
the last eighteen hours* the downpour has
been almost continuous, the .still thirstv
ground drinking .up the -water almost as
soon as It falls. Ranchers and ' stock-
Water Fills the Flume With
Dirt and Undermines
Roadbed.
STORM CAUSES
WRECK AT VENTURA
J. DICKMAN, artist
f[ and ex-Parisian, has been ap
\V ji P° lnteo< Prince Carnival of the
Mardl Gras ball of the San Fran
cisco Art Association. The names
of many candidates were canvassed, and
KIsaburo Uyeno. who is to succeed
Count Hiroklchl Mutsu as Consul for
Japan In this city, arrived yesterday, ac
companied by his retinue of servants, and
will enter Immediately upon the discharge
of the duties of his new office. Count
Mutsu. who had officiated in this city for
the past two and a half years, was com
pelled by ill-health to resign his position
and seek retirement.
Consul Uyeno is especially qualified to
act as a representative here, as he for
merly spent over three vears in the .ser
vice of the Japanese Legation in .he city
and Is therefore conversant with the re
quirements of the position. When seen
at his residence last night he expressed
himself as delighted to be again in San
Francisco, which In his affections he
places second only to Japan.
Consul Uyeno was officiating: as Consul
at Hongkong during the late Chinese in
surrection and stated last night that in
his opinion there is no indications at nrea
ent of any new uprising.
In speaking of the relations existing be
tween this countrji and Japan he stated
that hjs country entertained the most cor
dial feeling for America and Americans
He said that a societv which is to ne
known as the "Friends of Japan and
America had recently been organize!
for the purpose of soliciting funds for tho
erection of a monument to Commodoro
Perry, who opened the doors of Japan to
the commerce of the world. The monu
ment, which is to bo made as imposing an
possible, will he erected in Japan near
Uraga, where Perry landed while dictat
ing terms to the Mikado.
Diplomat Succeeds Count
Mutsu, Who Returns
to Japan.
, During his lifetime Mr. Milliken had
I many exciting experiences. In 1&55 he had
¦ a running fight for three days with seven
I Indinns in th*- Yellowstone countrv. He
; olimbod a st«^p cliff and waded in soda
! up to his knees to get away from them.
j In ]>&{ he had a narrow escape from
i death. While preparing a meal in his tent
i Skinny Eye fired at him through the can
j vas. Mr. Milliken had just stooped to
pick up a potato at the time, and the
charpe passed over him. These are but a
I few of his adventures. There are powder
i marks and bullet holes in raanv parts of
I the body.
In 1S"«2 Mr. Milliken was associated with
| Alvinza Hayward. M. M. Estee and Theo
, dore Comstock in mining ventures in Am
j ador County.
JAPANESE CONSUL
K. UYENO ARRIVES
In h!F address last night at Temple
Emanu-El Rabbi Voorsanger chose for his
subject th<5 memory of the late Chief Jus
tice John Marshall. In plain, vigorous
language he told his audience how the
youth of Marshall was spent, and in com
menting on the later life of the distln
jruished jurist he boeame most eloquent.
"John Marshall," said the rabbi, "was
made of rare stuff. At the age of 32 years
his education consisted of only such
knowledge as his father, a plain farmer,
could impart. Then lor two years he had
th» benefit of private tutelage, and upon
this foundation was built the educational
structure which gavt? him his reputation
as a jurist of widespread knowledge and
¦ man of Intpgrity.
"'We have not the faintest conception of
what was going on when Marshall was a
youth. We may have a knowledge of the
h!s«tory of the times, but we have no con
ception of the difficulties that men of his
culture were obUpwl to overcome. Bril
liancy °f intellect then might assert itself,
but -without the educational advantages of
10-da?. Overcoming all obstacles. Mar-
Khali made for hlmsrif the name of. a
grand, j^ohle and good man."
Rabbi Nieto of ConfcTeeration Sherith Is
rael in Wp lecture last night discussed the
rale of "The Wandor'ms Jew." "Eugene
Sue." he said, "cou!<5 not have, had h«
been Jew instead of CJhristian. formulated
a prayer more full of true worth than the
jrrayer uttered by his remarkable charac
ter. "We do not want mere toleration or
an acknowledgment that the Jew has
been *"ise. Nor are "we seeking grandeur
or greatness. "VYh.it we do want is the
spiritual or material -worth due those who
have accompliFhed the things for which
they havo striven."
Jewish Rabbi Speaks of the
Virtues of Late Chief
Justice Marshall.
SANTA CLARA, Feb. S.— Jesse Mil
liken, a r'or.eer resident of Amp..
dor County, died here at 12:20 p.
m. to-day. Death was due to a
complication of bladder and kid
rev trouble?. He was 68 years of age and
has resided h*re with his niece, Mrs.
Kathryn -.lilliken, for the past fourteen
years.
Mr. Millikcn was possessed of large
property holdings In Amador County in
former years and was widely known and
highly respected. H<» was a member of
Liberty Lodse No. 2^, Free and Accepted
Masons, of Santa Clara, and of Howard
«"hapter No. 14, Royal Arch Masons, of
San Jose.
WORDS OF EULOGY
FROM VOORSANGER
CLAIMS GODFREY TREATS
HIS FAMILY BRUTALLY
Officer McMurray Secures Warrant
for Arrest of Employe of Har
bor Commissioners.
A warrant was sworn out in the Police
Cotirt yesterday for "the arrest of George
T. Godfrey, who lives at 1337 Vermont
street, for neglecting to care for his four
minor children. Ofilcer McMurray of the
California Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children Is searching for God
frey and he will probably be taken into
custody to-day.
Godfrey is employed by the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners. He Is alleged
to have beaten his wife on numerous oc
casions and otherwise treated her cruelly.
At present she is in a delicate condition
and his treatment of her has caused her
mental anguish and pain. A week ago he
became incensed at her and severely beat
her. His wife's brother, hearing of his
alleged cruel treatment of her, called on
Godfrey and flogged him unmercifully.
Godfrey, being unable to secure satisfac
tion from his brother-in-law, took re
venge, it is averred, upon his helpless
wife and children. He packed his belong
ings in a trjink and took up residence ;r.
the Grand Southern Hotel, corner of Mis
sion and Seventh streets. He next Visited
the office of a newspaper and inserted an
advertisement to the effect that he would
not be responsible for any debts contract
ed by his better half. This worked a
hardship on Mrs. Godfrey and her little
ones. The butcher and the baker and
orh«r storekeepers read the advertisement
and, she says, refused to trust her for the
necessities of life. Mrs. Godfrey's moth-*?
and kind hearted neighbors relieved her
unhappy plight by giving her food.
Rent day fell due yesterday and the
landlord notified her that if maney was
not forthcoming he would turn the family
out. This threat had its effect on Mrs.
Godfrey. She called upon Secretary White
of the Humane Society and the latter took
immediate action. He called upon the
Harbor Commissioners and explained the
situation to them and they promised to
take action at once. No attention was
paid to the appeal, however, and the Chil
dren's Society took a different course.
They had a warrant sworn out for the
arrest of Godfrey and expect to force him
to take care of his children, no matter
what differences there may bo between
himself and wife.
Lee Fook. the Chinese who. it is alleged
shot Hon Yick at the corner of "Washing
ton street and Fish alley about half past
10 o'clock Thursday night, was arrested
early yesterday morning by Detective
Hamill and locked up in "the tanks'* at
the City Prison. He was Identified at the
Receiving Hospital by Hon Yick a few
hours before his death, which occurred
shortly after 10 o'clock last night, as the
man who shot him.
Detective Hamill accompanied Warrant
Clerk Burke to the hospital In the aft
ernoon to take Hon Yick's ante
mortem statement. Hon Yick de
clared that when he heard the report
of the shot he looked over his shouldsr
and recognized Lee Fook, who had a re
volver In his hand. Lee Fook shot him,
he said, because about a year ago there
was trouble between them about money.
Lee Fook threatened to kill him then ar.d
had repeated the threat several times
since. He knew that was the cause of th.j
shooting, he concluded.
When Hamill returned to the Hall of
Justice with Warrant Clerk Burke he
went to Lieutenant Blrdsall and asked for
men to surround the building on the cor
ner of Washington street and Fish alley,
saying he would make another search for
I-ee Kook. He got the men. but when ha
tried to g-ain an entrance to the building
ho was unsuccessful. lie had to break
open the door and after making his way
to the top floor he had to ring: a bell sev
eral times before James Downey, a
watchman, made his appearance. Downey
told him that Lee Fook was in the room
ai.d Hamill arrested him. Lee Fook de
nied shooting Hon Yick or knowing him,
and said he had not been out of his room
for two days.
Jlamill hurried Lee Fook to the hospi
tal and Hon Yick referred to him by
name and positively Identified him as th«j
man who shot him. A thorough search
of Lee Fook's room was made, but no re
volver could be found.
The doctors at the hospital say that per
itonitis was caused by the bullet wound
that ended lion Yick's life.
Quarrel Over a Year Ago About
Money Matters Alleged to Be
the Only Cause for the
Tragedy.
Chines* Identifies the' Pris
oner as the Man Who
Shot Him.
HON YICK DIES
ACCUSING LEE
nut SAJS /jfltANCi'SCO CALL, SATURDAY, 1?E Ml UAH V 0, 1001.
Was One of the Pioneer Golcf Seekers and
Has Figured in Many Exciting Ad
ventures in the Early Mining Days
DEATH ENDS CAREER
OF JESSE MILLIKEN
JESSE MILLIKEN. A PIONEER RESIDENT OF AMADOR COUNTY, WHO
DIED AT HIS HOME IN SANTA CLARA YESTERDAY. HE HAD
MANY EXCITING ADVENTURES IN HIS YOUNGER DAYS.
CHARLES J. DICKMAX, THE WELL-KNOWN ARTIST, WHO HAS BEEN
CHOSEN* AS THE SOVEREIGN PRINCE OF THE MARDI GRAS CAR
NIVAL TO BE HELD IN THIS CITY.
8
£n Hoffmanettes Cp
«M Cigar. 3u
THE HILSON CO. Makers. N. Y.
MAU, BADLEB * CO., Distributers, 8»a fnaeiieo.
. For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlno Tablets. " •
The memory Is a sort of mental reserva-
tion.
| _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Mothers of Large Famines.
la this workaday ¦world f ew women
are so placed that physical exertion
is not constantly demanded of them
in their daily life.
Mrs. Pinkham makes a special appeal
to mothers of large families whoso
work is never done, and many of
whom suffer, and suffer for lack c£
Intelligent aid.
To women, young or old, rich or
poor, Sirs. Pinkham, of Lvnn, Mass.,
extends her invitation of free adviee.
Oh, women ! do not let your lives be
sacrificed when a word from Mrs.
Pinkhaai, at the first approach of
(§H /Sill 'lilifc tef*
Me«. CjlBbie Bsixrvrmi
weakness, may fill your future Tear*
with healthy joy.
"When I began to tako Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I was
not able to do my housework. I suf-
fered terribly at time of menstruation.
Several doctors told me they could do
nothing for me. Thanks to Mrs. Pink-
ham's advice and medicine I am now
well, and can do the work for eight in
the family.
11 1 would recommend Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to all
mothers with large families." — Mrs.
Cajikie BKixFYirxE, Xudington, Mich.
i '
I
i AFULLSETofTEETH \
$5.00.
Comfortable, Natural - Looking
Plates That You Can Chew With.
Made of Best Material by Expe-
rienced Workmen.
Payment by Installments.
CHALMERS DENTAL CO.,
133 Powell St.
EVERY WOMAN
?^^ is interested and should know
j>£g^SS. about the wonderful
HAPVF1 WHIRLING .
fw^S^wk "wflnw tL spray A
\VSl \ \: GSJ •' A 1 Injection and Suction.
*2sfc\\A CVV^xi' Best— Safest— Most Con-
N^\C»KV*rSrJs5rSk t - venieat. It Cleanses
lastaatly.
AAjvur ingest lorlt. \\igjs, '^Z^^'
If he cannot supply the v/»*lr^'4V'2*'ii*%
MARVEL, »c£pi no 4 •¦ £>->>*_-
other, but send stamp foT Mas- \\ j r^o/''''-Y\s
tratrd book— aen led. It gives ftitl V* § '''''i/jT
particulars »n* e'iwtiotn invaluable CiL"'# /M
003 Mission st.. San Francisco. V-^iJF
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK'
Best Natural Alkaline Water.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S sseat^
, MUSEUM OF flHSTOMYf
n ,£& !:3¥A3IST St. let. BiSTa. &*.£!. i
¦ T^f ThaLar^emtAnuomieal Musemnm tb« v
S.^^fe^ V/orid. V. aJoesMi or an» nmtactcd •#
bUftOS disenep»«l«l«»l7e»«r«4bjrfheolaeu V
/S? £31 J>pec«ii»tcuthcCo«st BsL^yowK A»
£ i¥$*h G*- "'ORMS-PRrfATS DISEASES d n
<3 M Xra£ a ~ n "¦*¦"' pofM>n»lly «ir by 1eo«r. A O
\ 1 a TlB f—M— ft»«la e»jryca»« undertaken. \
APtf il«P w r:tefrr Book. t>BlLOSOPH«'ef i
"^ ill IT ¦*¦«!*««• MAILED 7*53. <A?
A y /j. nluabio booh fox on; _ X
T DU JOBDAS fti'O, ICSTilarietSt.S. f. Y
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INYIGOHa-
tor and Kervlne.
The most wonderful aphrodlstao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Dl3eas«?3 of tho Kid-
neys and Bladder. Soils on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRTJXE. Agenta.
J2S Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
Pennyroyal nu.%
D .*fZC~\. Ori~laal and Unrjr Oeanlmi
I? ¦VJftNSArE. *!«»/< r»!!»bl<i. I.mlle*. »«k !>!?.<(?*
frsi^dK^lo MT.n mni fold m.tajl'e bo IM^,,.M
THE WEEKLY CALL
61 pep Year* A
| Is entirely free from any J^JVir^crTn^V-'l
g w 'UJljSj** \|
* !' Cereal!
§ Made wholly from care- W . * JSX ' L ** H
ft fully selected California
I .fruits and grains. ***?
I It makes a most palatable drink— a satisfying
A substitute for coffee and tea.
\/f^dL°f\ Free sam Ples at your
If °L*/^ V grocers. Ask for- one. 1
§B > Jt Q*' -fl Bcnl f rom 5 to JO minutes only. I
|\ TrO/o / ALL GROCERS SELL I
I \j£ rain *^ Figprune Cereal.WILLIAM A. MORRIS OF STANFORD. WINNER OF THE CARXOT MED
AL IN THE INTERCOLLEGIATE DEBATE. THE DECISION WAS
MADE AFTER A CONFERENCE OF TWO MINUTES.
BUTTE, Feb. 8.— Ceorgo Brown shot
and killed his wife while driving with
her In a sleigh about five miles from
town, this evening. He then put a bullet
into his own head and will die. No cause
for the act can be learned.
Jsobody appears to know anything
about the couple, but the supposition -is
that they were ranchers, who had been
to town on business and .were on their
way home. . . '¦.',-
KANCHEfl SHOOTS HIS WIFE
. FOR UNKNOWN CAUSE
Turns the "Weapon Upon Himself and
Will Die From the
Wound.
Mary A. Bailey (widow), by Mercantile Trust
Company, trustee, to Helen A. Deamer iwlfe
of William W.). 1741 D. 151. lot on NW corner
of McAllister and Flllmore streets. W 137:6 by
N 137:6; $38,500.
Covington Johnson and Juliet J. M>zes to
Fomiif! G. Murphy,, lot on W line of Broder
lck street, 124 Not Pacific avenue, N 3:8',i by
W 35; $500.
E. W. and Henrietta C. Brltt to same, lot
on NW corner of Pacific avenue and Broder
ick street. W 45 by N 127:8«; $11,000.
Ceorgre H. de Valln to Burnham & Marsh
Company (corporation), lot on NW corner of
Turk and "Willard streets. N 100 by W 25; $500.
Chandler W. and Bertha E. Burgess to Sarah
C. Roberts (wife of John P.). lot on-E line
of Noe street, 77:6 S or Fourteenth, S 25 by
3 105; $2000.
Ann Ferguson • to Mollie and Louis Dajas,
lot on Is'E corner of Twentieth and Castro
streets. N 30 by E 100; $3000.
E O. and Emma Fellroth to Peter H. An
derson, lot on W line of Hartford street, 128:9
N of Eighteenth, N 25 by W 125; $3500.
Cornelius Horl&an or Harrlgan to William
A. Horlgan. lot on N.line of Broadway, 2(Jt>:6
W of Jones street. W 23 by N 60; $2000.
Same to Michael J. and William ¦ A. Harrl
gan. lot on E line of Hyde street, 137:6 N of
Broadway, S 25 by E 137:6; $3500. .
Frederick W. and May E. Bridge to Rosa
Levy (wife of Bernard); lot on SW corner of
Thirty-third avenue and S street, W R7:6, 8
IOC. W 62:6, S 71, E 90:11, N 3:4. E 27:10,. N
Annie L. and W. T. Poilock to Annie Man
ning, lot on NE line of Francis street, 150 NW
of Mission. NW 25 by NE lOO. block 5, Acad
emy Tract; $500. ....
"William ¦ B. and Marie A. Waldron to John
end -Margaret Harmon, lot- 137, Rift map. 2;
Builder's Contract.
'.Michael' Winter and John *¦ Willis (owners)
with Bernard Dreyer (contractor), architects
Shea & Shea— All work for a 3-story frame
building on lot on SE corner of Broadway and
Jones street; 1 $5796.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The provisions of the order are made
subject to the priority of the.Dittmar-
Werthelmer-sult now pending In the New
York Supreme Court.
S. The executors and- trustees are directed to
turn over to the receivers all the surplus In
come fund belonging to the Countess now
In their possession, and in the future to con
tinue to turn over all the surplus income trust
fund as fast as the samp accumulates.
1. The executors and trustees are authorized to
pay the Countess for the nupport of herself and
children a sum not to exceed $200,000 per year.
in equal monthly installments. They are re
strained from paying out any part of the trust
funds or any income therefrom, except as afore-
Bald, to any one for any purpose without the
further permission and order of the couct.
2. Georjfe J. Gould 'and Helen M. Gould are
appointed receivers of the surplus trust income
of the Countess derived from the trust fund
held by the trustees. They are directed to take
possedslcn of her surplus trust Income and ap
ply it from time to time, aa may be ordered
by the court, toward the payment of the Just
and valid debts of the Countess. All creditors
of the Countess are enjoined from bringing
any other suit In law or in equity against the
Countess and against the executors and trus
tees for the collection of their debts out of the
trust fund now accrued or hereafter to accrue
in the hand of the trustees. The receivers are
to serve without compensation and are directed
to give a bond in the sum of $50,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8.— Judge Lacombe,
in the United States Circuit Court to-day,
appointed George Jl Gould and Helen M.
Gould receivers of all income of the
Countess de Castellane in excess of $200,
000 per year. This action was* taken In a
suit brought by Eugene Fischoff. an
Austrian creditor, against the Countess de
Castellane and against George J. Gould.
Edwin Gould, Howard Gould and Helen
M. Gould, as executors and trustees un
der the will of Jay Gould. This suit is a
greneral class bill brought on behalf of
the plaintiff and all other creditors, put
ting all on one footing and prevents some
from getting preference over others. The
bill alleges that the Countess owes In
England and France about twenty million
francs and that her income since hef
father's death has averaged about $GO0,0O0
per annum.
Judge Lacombe entered an order which
among other things provides:
Income of the Count's Wife
Limited to the Sum of
$200,000 Annually.
DIRECTS PAYMENT
OF BONI'S DEBTS
Queen Sophia's Condition.
STOCKHOLM, Feb. 8.— The attack of
Influenza from which Queen Sophia Is
(suffering continues to be accompanied by
fever and sleeplessness, but her Majesty
I- in no Immediate danger.
DENVER, Feb. 8.— After .four years*
k.*r1al of the anti-hanging law Colorado
has decided to restore the death penalty
for murder. By a majority of seventeen,
or nearly two to one, the House of Rep
resentatives to-night passed the Stubbs
bill to provide for the 'electrocution of
murderers. A majority of five for the
till Is already pledged in the Senate and
Oovernor Oman is in favor of the law,
so that Its enactment is assured.
In speaking of his bill Representative
Ftubba. said that the law was necdel be
<ause, althourh it gave the criminal no
chance to reform, it protected society.
Several shocking murders have aroiisod
th«» people against the present law. which
mak^s life imprisonment the extreme
penalty for any crime. Last May Cap
tain Roon»y, a penitentiary guard, was
murdered by convict**, who escaped. Rey
nolds, one of the convicts, was lynched.
Last November the murder of Louise
Frost was avenged by the burning of
Preston Porter. h*>r slayer. In the vtar
the law wax passed Jose Sanchez brought
bis wife to Denver to murder her for her
Insurance. After the crime he boasted
that he h*d committed it In Colorado
Ixscause he could not be hanged here.
Bill Passes the House, and a Majority
Is Pledged for it in the
Senate.
COLORADO TO BESTOBE 1
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT
WINDSOR, Feb. 8.— The recumbent
statue of the late Queen Victoria, chiseled
thirty years ago, is being prepared for Its
place. on top of the sarcophagus by the
side of the Prince Consort s statue.
Statue of Queen Victoria.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 8.— J.: L. , Frazler. su
perintendent of the coast division of the
Southern' Pacific, who ¦ was seen here to
day on his return from an inspection of
the road, states that owing to delay In
ballasting caused* by the heavy stofms
passengers trains cannot be run before
the last of March or 1st of April. Four
hundred men are getting out. rock for bal
last, whenever weather will permit. Six
teen miles of track remain to be ballasted
and ¦'• the progress made ' Is about a half
mile a day. :. _" " ¦ • .--
Delay on Coast Line.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 8.— Rev. C. G.
Baldwin has accepted the pastorate of
tho new Congregational church at Palo
Alto. Rev. F. J. Culver of Pasadena has
just returned from Palo Alto, where hv>
has been for the last four months organ
izing a Congregational church. Before
Rev. Mr. Culver went to the college town
there was no church of that denomination
for tho 2500 Inhabitants. The charter
membership Is fifty-three. Mr. Baldwin
is now State president of the anti-saloon
league. As he was for several 'years
president of Pomona College, I Rev. Mr.
Baldwin Is thoroughly familiar with re
llglous work among students. His . work
at Claremont was so- successful that. the
members of the Congregational denomi
nation are rejoicing at his acceptance of
tho call to Palo Alto. For several months
Mr. Baldwin has made his headquarters
withthe anti-saloon league in Los An
geles. ." _ • •
Will Go to Palo Alto.
Is Locked Up.
/PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. 8.— A special to
the Arizona Republican from Yuma says:
Mrs. Joseph Burns was shot and killed In
a dispute over a piece of land fifteen miles
southwest of here yesterday by Marion
-Alexander, a constable. »
The Burns family had been occupying
the land for several years, but various
complications in the title preventing mak
ing an entry. "A man named Miller made
a homestead and Constable Alexander,
carrying out' instructions for obtaining
possession of the land for Miller, engaged
in a dispute which resulted In the shoot-
Ing- of Mrs. Burns. \
Alexander surrendered himself to the au
thorities and to save him from threatened
lynching he was placed In the Territorial
Prison for safe keeping. The Coroner"?
Jury found that the woman had come to
her death "under circumstances not en
tirely excusable, but under mitigating; olr^
cumstances."
Mob Threatens to Lynch Him and He
CONSTABLE KILLS WOMAN.
So far no action has been taken by the
Government In regard to the letter. It
was hinted to-day that somebody would
make a complaint against Mr. Wu. In
that event the Government would feel
compelled to do something.
Mr. Wu's statements that General Otis
"committed an egregious error" In pro
hibiting the Immigration of Chinese into
the Philippines and that "General Otis
acted upon the 111 advice of some one,"
are resented by high officials, one of
whom declared that Mr. Wu had made
a "bad break, the repetition of which
might tarnish an otherwise brilliant dip
lomatic career."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.— For the first
time since his residence here Mr. Wu
Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister to the
United States, Is in the bad graces of the
American Government. There is a gen
eral opinion in administration circles that
Mr. Wu went too far and violated his
rights as a foreign representative when
he 'criticized Major General E. S. Otis, in
a letter declining to" attend the dinner to
General Otis given by the Society of
Genesee In New York last night.
General Otis.
When He Criticized the Acts of
Exceeded His Bight as an Official
MINISTER WTJ TING FANG
IS IN BAD GRACES
MONTEREY, Feb. 8.— News has been
received here from the Sur district that
the home of Robert Murray, a prominent
rancher of this county, was completely
destroyed by fire on Monday night last,
the occupants * escaping with only the
clothes they wore. The fire was caused
by. a defective flue and was beyond con
trol almost before it was discovered. The
loss was considerable.
Residence Burned.
A laugh went around the courtroom and
it was evident that Mr. Baker had pre
ferred to be adjudged Insane rather than
stand trial for the shooting. Judge Trask
granted the man's petition to be restored
to competency.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 8.— Legally Sam
uel F. Baker has been insane for twenty
five years. As a matter of fact, he has
been perfectly sane. Mr. Baker, now an
old man, acknowledged this yesterday in
Judge Trask's department of the Su
perior Court. Baker was adjudged in
sane twenty-five years ago In Massachu
setts. He has been living in Los Ange
les for several years and has been attend
ing to his business as- any other sane per
son would. , ¦
"Why " asked Judge Trask, "were you
sent to an asylum if you were not in
sane?"
"Well." rerponded the old man, "I got
into trouble with a fellow. He got me
down and was choking me, so I had to
shoot him. If I had let him alone I
wruldn't be here to-day."
"Were you prosecuted?" "Yes. '
"What was the defense?" "Insanity."
on the Stand at Los
Angelee.
Admission Made by Samuel F. Baker
Washington: Original— Hugh A. Lyons,
Colfax, $&; Thomas Y. Rippey, Bremerton.
td. Restoration and increase— Henry H.
Kline (dead), New Whatcoxn, $12. In
creased—John K. Hubbell, Sedro Woolley,
$12. Original widows— Melissa Kline, New
Whatcom, $8. Increased— Mary V. Wil
marth. Mount Vernon, $15.
Army order — Major Guy L. Edie, sur
geon volunteers, now in San Francisco, , is
relieved from further duty in the Division
of the Philippines and assigned to tempo
rary duty in the Department of Califor
hia.
LEGALLY INSANE BUT
ACTUALLY IN BIGHT MIND
As indicative of the general acknowl
edgment of the crisis In the metal trades.
Consul Fleming quotes from Edinburgh
papers, which state that "the iron and
steel trades have gone, from us": "the.
outlook Is appalling": "the question of
foreign competition In the metal trades is
the problpm before the country in the new
century," rind other expressions of alarm
at the outlook.
The press In general, says Mr. Fleming,
blames the manufacturers for not adopt
ing labor-saving machinery in all branches
of production where lt>can be introduced,
and also blames the workmen for their
undisguised ' hostility to all labor-saving
As to the lack of practical Instruction In
the industrial arts, the Consul states:
"It is the accepted opinion here that In
the matter of technical education Great
Britain is far behind the United States
and Germany." . •_
On this subject also the Consul trans
mits newspaper articles eulogizing the lib
erality of rich American citizens in the
founding and endowment of institutions
for the acquirement of such an education,
and declaring that this generosity on the
part of wealthy Americans is a potent fac
tor fn the educational development of the
United States. .
Consul Fleming concludes his report
with a comprehensive review of the fuel
question. The British manufacturer, he
says, may not give due weight to- the
technical advice and notes of warning
which come from his "able Instructors'
in the public press, but he cannot shut
his eyes to the meaning of $3 50 coal. Mr.
Fleming points out that all coal deposits
In Great Britain ar» known and that there
are few fields that have not been worked
for a long time. Nearly one-fourth of the
output last year was exported. . and the
opinion begins to prevail that this amount
Is entirely too great to send away, in. view
of the limit which production apparently
ha« reached. . ,
WASHINGTON, Feb. S.-A report re
ceived at the State Department from
United States Consul Fleming at Edin
burgh, Scotland,' sets forth an alarming
decline In the metat industry of Great
Britain, calls attention to the lamenta
ble lack of thorough technical education
among British, engineers and discusses the
mooted question as to whether or not the
heavy exportation of coal from Great
Britain should continue.
"To describe the difference In the con
dition of the metal trades at the beginning
and at the end of last year," says the
Consul, "would be to contrast enormous
activity and practical stagnation."
The depression Is attributed in part to
a fall in the prices of metals all along
the line, but chiefly to offers of American
iron and steel at reduced prices, which,
the Consul states, came upon the market
last autumn with crushing effect. What
made the difficulty worse for British pro
ducers, he continues, was that Germany,
having bought largely from America in
the spring and summer, became alarmed
and resold in England at reduced figures,
also placing iron and steel on the market
In competition with American manufac
turer?. •
American Competition Makes
Sweeping Inroads in
the Field.
BRITAIN LOSING
THE METAL TRADE
that William A. Morris of Stan
ford University was entitled to wear the
medal for individual excellence in oratory.
The question discussed was: "Resolved,
That the French administrative law is in
compatible with the spirit of a democratic
government." President David Starr Jor
dan was the presiding officer and Hon.
G. H. Cabaniss, C. P. Pomeroy and Wil
liam Thomas were the judges. Stanford
University was represented by W. A.
Morris. C. M. Marrack and J. F. English,
while J. H. Steinhart, W. B. Greeley and
L*. E. Martin spoke for the University of
California.
J. H. Steinhart of the University of Cal
ifornia was the flr^t speaker. He main
tained that the French system was not
designed to develop the individual in that
it failed to supply him with the education
necessary for self-government. In France
there is not a single power operated in
favor of the people. Every officer is de
pendent upon a partisan administration
for advancement or perpetuity. The ad
ministration once in power becomes a
sovereignty in itself.
J. F. English of Stanford led for the
1 negative. France needed strong admin
istrative powers in her Government, he
said, because she is surrounded by ene
mies and must often act quickly. But
private rights were not sacrificed thereby,
for the administrative- courts are more
favorable to private rights than ordinary
courts. The people have supreme power
in the last analysis, private rights being
guaranteed.
W. B. Greeley followed for the affirma
tive. He contended that French admin
istrative law cripples the Judiciary and
checks individual liberty. The great but
tresses of English liberty -have not been
built by Parliaments, but by the peopla
themselves. A weak judiciary allows the
administrate system to ride rough shod
over private rights. It crushes out con
stitutional guarantees and our own Anglo-
Saxon wr't of habeas corpus had no place
under French law. The speaker repre-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 8.
It took tha three Judges of the
Carnot intercollegiate debate just
two minute* to-night to decide
Special Dispatch to The CalL
sented the University of California.
C M. Marrack of Stanford was second
for the negative. He argued that all ad
ministrative law takes from . the people
some of their liberty, but that the French i
system does not take from them the ulti
mate power, for at the ballot box the
people are the last power, as they elect
the Chamber of Deputies, which is su
preme.
W. A. Morris of Stanford for the affirm
ative contended that where a power over
rode the rights, and liberties of the peo
ple it was not compatible with true dem
ocracy. The Ministry ruling' France be
comes Its own judge as to its preroga
tives. For political reasons free speech
and free press can be overturned with
out recourse.
L. E. Martin of California closed for
the negative, arguing that even though
the French system gave gTeat powers to
officials, it was still for the beet inter
ests of the people. Under it the fran
chise was universal.
Steinhart in rebuttal said that the test
of a democratic system was the question
of ultimate authority. This could be
found as much in the Roman empire
under Caesar as in France to-day.
J. F. English insisted that the admin
istrative system protected the rights of
the citizen. The fact that the people had
never overthrown the Assembly proved
that there never had been cause for It.
W. B. Greeley said that the spirit of
French government was not democratic,
even if it appeared so. When a storm
was brewing: their liberties vanished.
C. M. Marrack said that the system
which the negative defended had a coun
terpart In every country, even in free
America.
W. A. Morris objected that because the
French system was labeled democratic it
did not prove it, for it had only existed
thirty years.
L. E. Martin closed the debate, hold-
Jng the French system should not be
Judged by the Anglo-Saxon ideas. The
system promoted peace and order and had
every chance to obtain Justice in either
of the two courts.
When the decision of the judges was
announced the students from the cardinal
section of the audience rushed upon the'
sta#e and ' bore their victor away in
triumph.
Hale of Maine said he could understand
perfectly the views of those opposed to
the measure, but he believed the Senate
would be Indulgent, as it always had
been, with Senators who desire to prepare
speeches upon the. measure. He suggested
that the Senate bear in mind that tha
pending measure was in effect a political
measure, and that the majority would
have to assume the responsibility for It.
He did not believe there was any desire
to rillbuster against the bill. .
TUlman of South Carolina expressed his
admiration for the "wisdom and diplo
macy always exhibited by the Senator
from Maine" (Hale), and for the "placid
way in which lie had attempted to smooth
troubled waters here." .He inquired, how
ever, how the Senators could prepare
speeches when they were now under full
head of-steam from 7 o'clock In the morn
ing until 11 o'clock at night.
Hale believed that those who desired to
prepare speeches would find time to do so.
The shipping bill, without objection, was
laid aside temporarily in order that the
naval appropriation bill might be con
sidered. An amendment was agreed to
providing that the promotion of officers
of the navy and marine corps, made on
account of war services, shall not inter
fere with the regular promotion of offi
cers.
An amendment involving the length of
the course of study at the naval academy
brought on a long discussion. The Sen
ate committee had stricken out the House
provision that the naval -cadets who had
completed their four regular courses at
the academy should be commissioned a3
naval officers at once. Hale explained
that by the House provision 142 officers
would be "dumped" into the navy at one
time at the foot of the list, thus creating
what was known technically as a "hump"
in the list. This "hump" would stop the
promotion of the younger officers. It was
not expected, Hale said, that officers
should be provided immediately for all the
war vessels authorized. If such a plan
were followed it wouia cost $100,000,000 a
year for'the navy.
Chandler, a former Secretary of the
Navy, said that no greater mistake could
be made than to reduce the cadet course
fromsix years to four years, as the House
had done. Without action the Senate,
after a brief executive session, at 6 p. m.
adjourned. \
Soon after the Senate convened a reso
lution previously offered by Pettigrew
calling on the Secretary of War for a copy
of General MacArthur's report as to the
conditions in the Philippines and for other
papers relating to the Philippines was
adopted.
At the instance of Frye of Maine con
sideration of the shipping bill was th»n
resumed, and Frye made an appeal to
the Senate that a time be fixed for the
vote upon the pending measure. He said
he was exceedingly desirous for a vote.
Personally he had no more desire for
night sessions than any other Senator.
He hoped that ths Senate might agree
upon some time for a vote — a time far
enough off to perm'.t the necessary lat
itude for proper debate.
Jones of Arkansas said he did not think
that at this time any agreement could be
made for a vote.
Pritchard (Rep.) of North Carolina
spoke to-day in support of the shipping
bill and then the naval appropriation bill
was considered the rest of the day, the
shipping bill being laid aside informally.
WASHINGTON,' Feb. 8.-An ineffectual
effort was made ! in the Senate to-day to
secure an agreement •upon a. time for a
final. vote upon the shipping bilU Vig
orous protests were made by opponents
of the measure against any such agree
ment even for. a tiate in the indefinite
future.
Resolution Passed Requesting Secre
tary of War to Furnish MacAr
thur's Report on Condi
tions in Philippines.
Effort to Fix Definite Date
Meets With Strong
Opposition.
DELAY VOTE ON
SUBSIDY BILL
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.— To-day's
Cabinet meeting was of much importance.
The discussion bore not only upon the
Cuban question, but also upon the steps
necessary to be taken by Congress fos the
future government of the Philippines.
Senator Spooner, just before the Senate
adjourned this evening, introduced his
Philippine bill as an amendment to the
army appropriation bill and added this
proviso: • •
"That all franchises granted under au
thority here shall contain a reservation
of the right "to alter, amend or appeal the
same."
In its present form Spooner s bill pro
vides that when the insurrection is sup
pressed in the Philippines, all military,
civil and judicial power necessary to gov
ern the islands shall, until otherwise pro
vided by Congress, be vested in Such per
son and persons and exercised in such
manner as the President shall direct for
maintaining and protecting the inhabit
ants of the Islands In the tree enjoyment
of their liberty, property and religion. It
is probable that Senator Spooner will
make his bill much broader, so as to pro
tect persons who engage in large busi
ness enterprises, such as constructing
railroads, erecting factories, establishing
plantations and working: mines by modern
machinery.
Senator Platt, chairman of the Commit
tee on Relations with Cuba, with the as
sistance of Mr. Spooner, is drafting a
Joint resolution which will state clearly
the position which Congress thinks the
President should assume in determining
the relations between the United States
and Cuba.
The Cabinet talked to-day about the
probability of any resolution being drafted
which would fit the solution. Until the
Cuban constitution is completed no one
will- know what its shortcomings are in
an American sense. The resolution which
Congress designs for the guidance of the
President may go too far, or it may not
go far enough. As a member of the Cab
inet phrased it, "It is like cutting a coat
for a man without taking his measure."
If Congress can meet the Philippine sit
uation at this session and pass a resolu
tion stating the exact attitude of this
country toward Cuba, the President will
not insist upon an extra session. He told
the members of the Cabinet to-day that
it looked less like an extra session than
at any time for two weeks. This is due
to the disposition on the part of the Sen
ators to co-operate with the President in
meeting this important question.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed, Pensions
Granted and Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.— Postmaster
commissioned: California— Stephen H.
Soule, Little Shasta. Appointed: Califor
nia—F. M. Leonard, Hernandez, San Ben
ito County, vice Isaac Harrison Jr., re
signed.
Washington — A. M. Martin, Dodd, Asotm
County, vice C. H. Dodd, resigned. M. B.
King, Entiat, Chelan County, vice C. C.
King, resigned.
Pensions Issued to-day: California — In
crease—Leland H. Shaw. Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12; Thomas J. Niblo, Vete
rans' Home. Napa, $8; Paschal M. Dyar,
Ontario, $8; Alanson Beebe, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $10: James J. Craig,
Rivera, $8. % Reissued— Nathaniel Ladd,
Klamathon, $12. Original widows—Har
riet M, Miller, Berkeley, $8; Nellie T. Gros
hon, Los Angeles $15; Harriet Prescott,
Oakland, $g; Sarah Brown, San Francisco,
|1?. War with Spain: Original— Henry
Shlerloh, San Jose, $8.
Oregon: Increase— James C. Burnside.
Sell wood, $12: Lyman C. Rowley, Sher'
dan. |30.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
If Congress Meets the Situation This
Term the President Will Not"
Insist Upon an Extra .
Cabinet Discusses Necessary
Steps That Must B«
FOR GOVERNMENT
OF PHILIPPINES
Robinson made a brief closing argument
in behalf of Wilcox, severely •criticizing
those who had betrayed the confidence of
tirivate letters and had made them th<s
basis of these charges. A brief on the law
points will be submitted next Tuesday. •
During the argument Mann interjected
the statement that certain letters written
by eminent public men came quite as
near treason as those of Wilcox referring
to the Filipinos.
That under th« laws ef the United States,
at a fair and free election, he was elected
Delcpate from Hawaii and no reason exists or
has existed disqualifying him.
The additional letters written by Wilcox
were submitted and he made the same
answer to them. These letters were writ
ten In 18I* and criticized the America :i
course in the Philippines.
Attorney Gear, the prosecutor, then con
tended that the election of Wilcox was
Irregular and void, as the requirements of
the United States statutes were not com
plied with. On being cross-questioned
Oear paid he had made speeches in Hawaii
favoring: the election as Delegate of Park
er, the opponent of Wilcox, and in the hi
tpeoches he had not questioned the right
O( Hawaii to have a I>elegate. Gear stat
ed tha* in Wilcox's campaign speeches he
he bad said he would restore Queen LJIlu
< kaiar.i. When the witness said Wilcox
had "eternally damned the Americans."
the Delegate muttered "lie," but was re
strained by his counsel. After Gear had
presented his evidence he made an ex
tended argument arraigning the Delegate.
He admits that on January 31, 1839, and on
March 8, 1S9S, he wrote letters appearing in
the petition; that said letters were of a per
sonal and confidential nature and sent to oiie
whom he eui'iKced vti a friend, and who.
be thought, would not betray his confidence.
He further says that said letters were writ
ten by him ur.der an entire misconception of
the real attitude of the Government of the
L'eited States toward the people of Hawaii.
That h* <\Yilcox) is a native Hawaiian; that
he Fhared with tlie nati\c |*-opk- in their loy
• ltjr to t!ie former *Ju<-en I^tliuokalani during
h*r r»-ign and was not in sympathy with tht
relening power immediately succeeding h*r
reign.
That after the annexation of Hawaii he did
not understand fully the institutions or the
tiflinsf- of the Vr.lte.1 Stales, liut all dSubts
were dis-prlU-d when the Tonpress Rave to the
l^oj.le of Hawaii a. system of or-
C*&lc laws.
That, in coir.rann with the people, he at all
times, with genuine patriotism, supported the
Urifd States atvi its institutions and is now
and has been a loys.1 FujjjiGrt^r of the consti
tution, laws ajid government of the United
States.
At the afternoon portion Representative
Robinson presented the following specific
answer of Wilcox to the charges con
tained In th<> letters submitted:
Ueorjre D. Gear, who makes the charge,
was asked to produce the originals of the
letters, and. until these could be secured,
the committee went into executive session
to determine a course of action.
Robinson added that the Delegate had
received no notice of contest, as provided
by the rules. He asked. 'under the ctrcum
ptanes, that ten days be allowed for prep
aration on the merits if the committee
proposed to conduct a formal contest.
f reused of having written, dated respec
tively January 31, 1£O, and March 8, 1899,
lie tugrg-ests that the conditions prevailing
ut that time and the legal status of the
Hawaiian Islands with respect to the
United States were entirely different from
those existing later and at the time of h : 3
election. He claims to be now sincerely
and thoroughly an American, believing im
tind heartily supporting the constitution.
The written answer of Wilcox was sub
mitted. He alleges that many of the
charges perfrrred against him are with
-¦ut merit. In repard to the letters he is
WASHINGTON. Feb. S.-The charges
spairm Delegate Wilcox of Hawaii were
taken up to-day by the House Committee
on Elections No. 1. Wilcox was present,
accompanied by Representative Robinson
of Indiana, who appeared as his friend
and counsel. Robinson stated at the out
ft that as Wilcox was unfamiliar with
the procedure in election contests he had
consented to appear in behalf of the Dele
srate.
I/uring: Severe Arraignment by Op
posing Counsel Hawaiian Delegate
Hutters "Lie," but Is Restrained
by His Attorney.
Says He Wrote to' Aguin
aldo Under Misconcep
tion of Facts.
WILCOX'S REPLY
IS PRESENTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1901.
William A. Morris Is Adjudged Winner in
the Intercollegiate Debate at Palo Alto
Two Minutes After Orators Have Ceased
STANFORD CAPTURES
THE CARNOT MEDAL
9
KING'S MESSAGE
TO THE HOUSE
Appreciates Courtesy Shown
j Upon Recent Death of
the Queen.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 8.— This was prob
ably the last day to be devoted to private
pension legislation by the House of Rep
resentatives In this Congress. High-water
mark, made in the Fifty-first Congress,
was almost reached to-day when 1S4 bills
were passed, against 197 passed at a single
session in the former Congress. In all,
tne House at this Congress has passed
about 900 bills, a number considerably ex
ceeded in the Fifty-first.
The Speaker laid before the House the
following letter from Acting Secretary of
State Hill:
"I have the honor to inform you of the
receipt of a telegTam vesterday from the
Embassador to Great Britain, reporting
that hia Majesty's Minister for Foreign
Affairs laid before the King the resolution
adopted by the House of Representatives
relating to the death of Queen Victoria
and that by the King's command Lord
Lansdowne expresses the royal apprecia
tion of that mark of respect and also of
the additional respect shown bv the House
to the memory of the late Queen by Ita
immediate adjournment."
The House adjourned at 5:40 p. m.
President of. th.e Chamber.
VIENNA, Feb. .8.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day elected Count Vetter von
der IJlie to be president of the House.
COMMITTEE ASKS
FOR CONFERENCE
House May Meet With Sen
ate to Discuss Revmue ,
Reduction Bill.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 8.— The special
meeting' of the Ways and Means Commit
tee to-day for the purpose of acting: on
the revenue reduction bill resulted In
something of a surprise by the adoption
of a. resolution, submitted by the minor
ity through Representative Richardson of
Tennessee for a disagreement to the Sen
ate amendments in bulk and requesting
a conference ¦with the Senate. This 'was
an amendment to the majority resolu
tion, which did not provide for a confer
ence with the Senate.
Following the meeting' of the committee
the Republican members held a. confer
ence*whlch did not, however, bring about
any change of plans. It was stated after,
ward, ad explaining the votes of some of
the Republican members, that during the
conference yesterday the Republicans
were evenly divided on the (raestlon of a
conference. Considerable feeling: was
displayed over to-day's results. On the
other hand, the Democratic members of
the committee were highly elated at the
outcome. Some of the Republican mem
bers of the committee openly expressed
the opinion that the action taken meant
the ultimate acceptance of the bill as th«
Senate had changed it. increasing the re
duction from about J3O,00O,0OO to approxi
mately J4O.000.00O.
V For a Cold in the Hdal.
Laxative Brcmo-Quinine Tablets. *
POSTUM CEREAL.
COFFEE KNOCKED HIM.
Couldn't Move for Four Hours After
Drinking Two Cups.
When eon>": drinklns affects a man's
firaJth so badly that he has to»be put to
bed for 4 hours after drlnkine 2 cups at
dinner. It is his* time he quit.
That was the experience of Mr. Hood,
Jn Geneva, Mich. His wife writes: "I
consider that Fostuni saved the life of my
husband. For 2 years he had been
troubled with his heart, and kept getting
worse. I finally induced him to make
the experiment of leaving off coffee and
t£kin& Postum Focd Coffee, and he Im-
proved rapidly, but one day he drank
tTi-o cups of strong coffee for dinner and
hud to He on the bed four hours before
he could move. Since that time no coffee
is used, but Postum altogether. He has
entirely recovered his health, has no more
trouble nrlth his heart, and says he likes
Postum better than .he ever did like the
old fashioned coffee.
"A number of our neighbors use Postum
altogether to the exclusion of ordinary
enfff-e. Once in a while I find a person
who has trkd Postum and does not like
it. liut aJways find, upon Inquiry, that
th*>y tried to make It by boiling- It 5 or 10
minutes, which absolutely will not do. It
must be boiled 15 or 20 minutes after
ihe hoilinif begins. Put in a little piece
W* butter to prevent it from bollln? over,
fcr.d you will have a delicious, palatablo
an4 nourishing beverage." Ada Hood,
Geneva, Mich,
PAINE'S CELEBY^ COMPOUND. - ._' /v
le Only Ciire for
There is one and only one specific known to medicine for diseases arising
from impure blood and a debilitated nervous system, and that is Paine's celery
compound.
It is the most remarkable remedy that the scientific research of this
country has produced.
It is not a patent medicine. It is not foisted upon public attention by
smart advertisement writers. Its proprietors claim nothing for it that it will
not accomplish. It appeals to no prejudices, but relies absolutely upon its un-
paralleled record for preventing and curing the diseases for which the greatest
physician of modern times intended it.
No remedy ever accomplished so much good; none ever achieved such
universal attention. There is no substitute for it, and there can be norfc,
Paine's celery compound makes the sick well.
THE ART EVEHT
™ ~1 OF SAN FRANCISCO. |
,A Sinperb CoIIectiiojii of
• ¦ . . .
;¦ ;¦¦¦¦* Sold at v^MCTIIOm
TODAY arid Following Days!
230 POST STREET, fh^M^B
GEORGE H. WEIGERT. Art Auctioneer. By order of HAGOPIA& &
CO. of 119-121 West Twenty-third street, New York.
", • We exhibited and sold in this city a large collection of Oriental Rags last
year about thisitime, which was pronounced by connoisseurs the finest ever
shown in San Francisco, and our present collection is of surpassing beauty.Bank Clearings.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CU icago , Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 8.— During the first half-hour
in the wheat pit business was active and the
market- decidedly weak under a decline at
Liverpool of %@ld; while Argentine shipments
last ' week were 1,269,000 ¦ bushels, accordfngto
Hoard of Trade figures. > Longs offered heavil>.
May opened with' an initial loss of %@%c at
74%; to 74',4c and was soon pounded down to
74>ic Then the tone became : steadier, while
the strength '¦ displayed in corn ¦ had Its effect
among shorts. A few exporters also reported
bids In line with - tbe market and these in
fluences gradually forced a reaction to 74?»@
74Hc Later: the .seaboard claimed thirty-five
loads taken for export and May rallied to 74%c,
closing steady a few minutes later. %@Ho down
at 74%®74»ic. ,• r—---: > ¦. . -..- >¦¦:¦¦¦¦¦. ' .
Corn was moderately active and higher. May
closed .Jic hijher at 39c. . '
Oats were very dull, but the tone was steady
STOCK MARKET.
On the morning session of the Rtodt
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Lumber has lagged among building material,
but 'is . stiffening In ¦• price as the. season of
nctlve operations approaches. ¦ The textiles are
rr.ther quiet as to first hands. Cotton has
weakened despite smaller receipts, because . of
unfavorable trade reports ! from goods markets
and advices . of shading ¦ of " gray goods. The
The cereals are. dull, Irregular and rather
lower, on large Argentine shipments and lib*
eral Northwest movements. the supporting
feature being the good export inquiry developed
at concessions. The strength •• of .: cole leather
Is E a feature .noted at I many j markets. | Shoe
buyers are in full force at' Boston and «ample
orders are • numerous. 1 Factories are well em
ployed" on immediate delivery orders. Buyers
ere reported more, willing to - meet manufac
turers' views as to prices. •
Trade developments this week, . aside from
those connected with rumors of combination
In great Industries, of which , It eeems as yet
too early to siieak authoritatively, have been
in , the- main favorable. Several lines of trade
and many staple prices show irregularity, but
this is no more pronounced than usual at this
season of -the "year. ' The feature, of the. week
In -distributive Jobbing ' lines . has been the
growth or spring demand-, in ,the South and
Bouthwest. reflected in enlarged sales of dry
goods, boots and shoes, clothing and milli
nery at leading centers there and In, the Cen
tral West. Better advices as" to the outlook
for trade coming from > Northwest : and Pacific
Coast points are no less encouraging. Retail
distribution of winter goods reflects the stimu
lus afforded by winter weather, .but »arller
quietness and perhaps large stocks still carried
are probably responsible for. the slowness of
collections to Improve. Prices are still ir
regular, though not much lower as a whole. ;
NEW YORK. Feb. 8.— Bradstreet' s to-mor
row will say: ' ' .
Bradstrect's on Trade.
The developments this week have been cal
culated to keep the stock market active and
excited. Although no new records were made,
the volume of transactions has been up to the
highest recent level, and there was evidence
that the public had taken part In the current
speculation to an Increased extent. Profes
sional manipulations and activity by pools and
large financial and f.neculatlve interests were,
however, responsible for much of the trading,
and it was rioted that London's operation,
which consisted mainly of buying, were on an
NEW YORK. Feb. 8.— Bradstreet 1 s Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Bradstrect's Financial Review.
WHEAT— The forelgft markets were generally
weak, and New York was %c lower. The pri
mary' cause of the weakness was larger ship
ments from the Argentine than had been'ex
pected, those for the week being 1,296,000 bush
els, against 912.000 for the corresponding week
last yrar. The official report of the French
Government gives 71 departments good, 13 fair
and 2 poor.. • .
Chicago reported a weak market on cables,
with more or less liquidation.. Most commission
houses had selling orders. Phillips sold 1.000.000
bushels. Kansas City, however, wired a strong
demand for cash Wheat, with exporters, bid
ding and New York reported . a . large export
demand. Minneapolis wired that 90 per cent
of the mills were running, but that half of
them would shut down Saturday night unless
the demand for Flour improved...
This market was lower again, j both on and
off call, and weak at the decline.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. S6Uc; milling, 8S?ic@
SI O2V4 per ctl. ¦ ¦ .
i;ALL BOARD SALES. . ,
Informal Session — 9:15 -o'clock — May — 6CC0 ctls,
Jl 03%; 16,000, |102 l 4; 18,000, *1 02%. December—
4CC0 $100%; SOOO. $106. . /
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, Jl OlTi.
Regular Morning Session— May— 10,000 ctls,
$1 02; 26.000. %\ 01%. • > ¦ • . • . - .
Afternoon Session— May— 6C00 ctls, $101%;
4CC0, $102. ./.,"*
BARLEY— The market continues very dull
and futures are lower again.'
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72^i@73^ic for No
1 and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades, 7"V4@82V4c ; Chevalier, • nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session— 9 :15 o'clock— December— 2000
Ctls. 69V4C-. 2000. 69>.4c; 2000, 6&%c.
Second Session — No sales.:. r. .
Regular Morning Session — No sales. " '
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 71 Vic.
OATS— The market has not changed tor
weeks. Business is good one day and poor the
next, and thus It goes on,- at 'unvarying quo
- White. |i »>@1 60; Surprise, ¦ nominal; Red!
1125(8140 for Feed and $1 3501 43 for Seed*
Gray.* nominal ; Black, for Feed. 41 17%«;i 20
j , o ssp.rV *' 2.VST1 30 per ctl. ¦ ¦ ¦ ......
CORN— Offerings are neglected and quotations
are nominal. 'Yellow. U 12^4@1 15; White,.*! 15-
Eastern, mixed, $1 12^ per ctl.
RYE— 85@8THc.per ctl.-; ' < ¦
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 80 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs. f .
, FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras. $3 250
Wheat end Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days... — $4 Sa4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89*4
Sterling Cables — 4 90'/*
New York Exchange, sight..- --- 17H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Silver, per ounce ~' ?°H
Mexican Dollars, nominal CO .@ 61
Ex'change and Bullion.
SEW YORK. Feb. S- — There was a consid
erable falling eff !n the volume of dealings In
etocks to-<!ay an<5 the decline would have been
much more marked hai it r.ot been for the
bringing forwar-1 Into activity of a horde of
low-priced stocks of the class denominated
p.meng the brokers ns cats and dogs. It is
characteristic of a long bull movement that
it thould eventually r-ach into the dregs of
the list and stir ui> the sediment of the mar
ket. The theory Is that the generally higher
large cf va'.ues attained in the general market
entitles the low-priced ttock.« to some Increase
in valuation, even without special development
in the a?ta.!rs of the property. The bidding up
of th«?ce Etockn !s also a tavorlr -if-.-irre by bull
operators to Batata the r.r. ¦ - ..r the pur
jiose of realizing in Hi- t. rlced stocks
which have already enj«ij-» ' . lvance. So
/ar as the railroad d^;vi * 1 the stock
rearket was concern*-.: <f - -learly what
¦was goins on to-day. mer of fact
combination rumors n. :ated regard- •
ing: the railroads v.hcs* . : r* selling be
low 40. U has become- li: .:; In connection
with bull mavem^ntx, lu. s ...«.• <.f the stocks ¦
were bid up without tjurirlr ruraor* on the >
reneral principle that any railroad is avail
able for a combination nowadays. • The most
clearly defined rumors applied to the Wabash
securities and the group or railroads operat
ing In Colorado. Thew made W'&bash a- con
necting link to be Absorbed by Lackawanna
and to take in the Gculu Southwestern rail
roads in the formation of a new through rail
road Ej-ntem from the Kust to the Southwestern
(Julf ucrts. The rumor of a projected con
croiid&xion *n the several l!nes took on various
forms, some of whifli were authoritatively
d*nled. The gains lu this claes of railroad
stocks ran all the way from 1 to 6 points. SL
Joseph and Grand Island first preferred gaining
I and Wabash common 4%. All of the securi
ties of both roa.<3s were affected in a less de
cxee and there were gains besides in the Colo
rafio and Southern stocks. Denver and Rio'
Grande. Fort Worth and Rio Grande, the
Chicago. Indianapolis and Louisville stocks.
Teorla and Eastern, Texas and Paclflc^ North
American, Kanawa and Michigan and Michl-
Kan Central. The rest of the railroad list was
cingularly fclugglsh all day and there was only
a lie i.i'.f ul of stocks that sot as much " as a
point away from last night at any time. Union
Pacific w<ls never more than 1V» above last
night and iras at one time 1% below. The
fluctuation: were hesitating at all times. The
only news of the c"ay concerning the stock was
the underwriting at par of a. bond Issue to
finance the Southern Pacific purchase. The
latter etock also showed some strength. The
cttsel Etocks made a prrat show of strength
Just at the opening. Tin Plate Jumped nearly
3 points. Steel ajid Wire T-i and Federal Steel
only 1U. None of the- advances were fully
maintained except Federal Steel and business
in the group fell to comparatively email pro
ccrtione. Tbe belief continued drone in Wall
\ r av York Stock Market.
Owing to light supply of evaporated apples
on hand the market holds quite firm, though
demand was not particularly brisk. Prices re
main unchanged- but tendlnj?', upward. State
common was quoted at 3»i@4%c; prime, 4%@5c;
choice, 6V4©6c, and fancy. . 6®7c.
California dried fruits were dull, but about
steady at unchanged -prices.- Prunes, 3Vi@8Hc
per pound as to- size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, j 7*i<312c; . Moorpark. 8%@
15c. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ . ¦
. -PEACHES-Peeled.' 14@lSc; unpeeled, 6tf @10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 8.— FLOUR-Reeeipts,
17.625 bbls; exports. 15.262 bbls. Held at old
figures, continued weak and inactive.
WHEAT— Receipts, 14,400 bushels; exports,
97,232 bushels. Spot, steady; -No. 2 red, 80V«c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 78?lc elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S6Hc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 89HC f.' o. b. . atloat. Options
opened much lower and weak because of bear
ish cables and large Argentine shipments,
which prompted locals to unloading. Subse
quent continued heaviness waa Intensified by
fairly large Northwest receipts, more snow
West, depression In outside markets and fur
ther shorts eelling. A final rally on large
weekly clearances left the close steady at %c
net decline. March closed 7ST4c; May, 79tt79Vic.
closed 79<ic; July, 7STi©79Hc, closed 79V4c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDF.S-Flrm. ttfi'^:
WOOL-Steady. .
SUfJAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady. .
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
7V4c; mild market; quiet; "Cordova, 8@12%-
Futures . closed steady with prices S to 15
points net higher/Total sales were 25,600
bags, including: February, $5 65; March, $5 70;
May, *5 85; July,' $5 75: September. $5 90; Octo
ber, $5 90; December, $6. - . . .
BUTTER— Receipts. 4S46 packages; stecdy:
fresh creamery, 16@22c;June creamery, IdQ^Oc;
factory, ll@14«Se.' • ¦ '
EGGS— Receipts. 40S3 packages; steady; West
ern at mark, 19®20c; Southern at mark, 19@
19%c. . ....
EASTERN MARKETS.
Arizona— Snow !n northern portion, rain In
southern portion Saturday; continued cold
weather.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Unsettled
weather Saturday, with killing frosts In the
morning; light north winds; possibly enow
Curries in the morning.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
January Exports. •
Exports from this port by eea In January
were J3.S*5,4iX). compared wjth J2.91S.I40 for Jan
uary. 1900. the principal .destinations being as
follows: To Greet Britain, 11,600.520; Atlantic
ports. rX04,7C0; China. £255.210; Japan, J196.370:
AnsaraUa. r.s;.f,«; Mtxico. $176,375: Central
AmfTira, JUS.720; New Zealand, J17S,9:5.
Coinage of the Mints.
The coinage cf the United States mints for
the current f.s?al year Is as follows:
I»cubie eagles S33.231.OOO 00
r.agles 7.50S.190 00
Half-eairles S, 552.510 00
(juarter-eagles 100,232 50
Standard dollars ." 14.090.400 00
Half-dollars 3,466.200 00
Quarter-dollars 2.002.100 00
I'lnies 1,608,867 00
Five cents $55.9*3 00
«->nts 4CS.S11 00
Total 1900-01 .J71.».%5.513 50
Total I8S9-M 74.1S7.S23 02
Infernal T^exenue.
The collections of Internal revenue In this
district for Jar.uary were as follows: Beer,
t71.173; spirits. JP1.724; tobacco. J25.E64: docu
mentary and proprietary stamps, f79.&60; mis
cellaneous. J19.HS6. Total. $2SS.5i6» against $2M.
{•U for the Eame month last year. For th»
first seven months of the fiscal year these re
ceipts amountfd to $2.511, S62. againTst $2,33S.£s5
during the eanuf period last year.
Weather Report.
<12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«?£te. as compared with those of same date
last eeescn, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hou rt :
! Last j This Last
STATIONS. ,14 Hours] Season. Season.
Eureka .02 j J5.13
l~le<i BlufT 1.14 19.11 Ji.29
Sacramento 44 13.76 13.69
San Fr&r.cisco 28 14.53 14.57
1'r-^no 64 S.26 6.15
Independence Trace 4.SJ 2.09
San Luis Obispo .12 36.52 12.50
Lns Anpeles I .64 13.23 4.57
f-an Diego | .50 | S.12 2.65
fan Francisco fiata: Maximum temperature,
46: minimum, 40; mean. 43.
WEATHEK COXDITrOXS AND GENERAL
. FORECAST.
An area of high pressure overlies the Rocky
Mountain region and the northwestern portion
of the country. This high area ha» prevented
the pastern jiarpape of the storm over Cali
fornia. Conditions are unfavorable for settled
Ji'.r weather for twenty-four or more hours
ever the southern half of the Pacific slope.
High southwest wifids are reported at San
Diego.
¦ Kaln continues to fail over nearly all of
CaliToni'a. with heavy snow in the mountains.
Forecast mart<? at "San Francisco for thirty
hour* enrfini- midnight. February 9. 1901:
Northern California — Rain or snow Saturday
in central and southern, fair tn northern por
tion; continued cold weather with killing
fronts Saturday mcrnlng in northern portion;
l:?ht northerly winds.
Southern California— Rain Saturday, with
frnow in the mountains; high southwest wind's
in southern portion, changing to northerly;
continued cold weather.
Nevada — Snow Saturday; continued cold
weather. •
L'tah — Snow Saturday; continued cold
Xi - eather.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8.— Thi following table.
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
February 7, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the corre
si»onding week last year:
DOMINION OF CANADA.
street that the plan for adjustment of control
of the steel properties Is making progress. But
the stocks did not reflect clearly any news.
Sugar had an advance of 3'4. . The movement
of cash from the Interior Is expected to be
sufficient to offset a loss of over a million ;
dollars to the sub-treasury on account of the |
heavy customs payment. There have apparent- I
ly been large special movements of funds from j
r.ear-by cities and from Ean Francisco, al- '
though New York exchange at Chicago had
declined to SOc dlscouat. Nobody ventures an
€stimate of what the lean Item will disclose 1
In view of the large financial transactions 1
which have occurred during the week.
There was a continuance of activity in the
bond market to-day, but there, were reactions ,
on profit-taking at some points. Wabash de
bentures Bs advanced b points and the As 2%.
Total sales, par value, $8,400,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last tall. ;
NEW TORK STOCK LIST. ;
Shares Closing i
Sold. Stock— Bid. !
23.700 Atchison 63 7 4 |
17.400 Atchison prefd SS% ',
6.550 Baltimore & Ohio 91>/j '
Canadian Pacific .'; 90 1 ,* ]
200 Canada Southern 1 : 57Va ;
7,000 Chesapeake & Ohio 41»»
7,200 Chicago Great Western 20H
12.600 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy HOH ;
41,400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 31 j
12,200 Chicago Ind & -Louisville prefd 70?;
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9S»»
Chicago & Northwestern 173 !
16.S00 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 125?4 ;
200 C C C & St Louis 77 !
43.400 Colorado Southern S>U i
13.40") Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45'a
12,100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20U
2.200 I>elaware & Hudson 154
Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. $6\i i
16,700 Denver & Rio Grande 41*;
800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd S9 j
61.900 Erie '. ZOhi j
22.700 Erie 1st prefd 66% |
COO Great Northern prefd Vilhi. j
100 Hocking Coal .• 16 .
1,000 Hocking Valley 4S«i
700 Illinois Central 130
¦ BOO Iowa Central 26
Iowa Central prefd 5l\i
Lake Erie &. Western 44
Lake Erie & Western prefd 113
Lake Shore 220
146,000 Louisville & Nashville 92*i
6.500 Manhattan Elevated 11S**
7. ICO Metropolitan Street Railway 163V*
J6.2W Mexican Central 18 j
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 71^ :
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 102
14.700 Missouri Pacific 91 :
6.300 .Mobile & Ohio 711,
10.608 Missouri Kansas & Texas 21*» ,
15,800 Missouri Kansas &. Texas prefd.... 57 •¦
200 New Jersey Central 152
1.0C0 New York Central 145U ¦
4.000 Norfolk & Western 45H
Norfolk & Western, prefd S04
33.200 Northern Pacific S5%
3,400 Northern Pacific prefd SSU
9.200 Ontario & Western 33»»
Oregon Railway & Nav 42 I
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76 j
8.1S0 Pennsylvania 149
10.300 Reading ". 33%
16.600 Reading 1st prefd 75^
10.400 Reading 2d prefd 44>4
Rio Grande Weetem . 65
Rio Grande Western prefd S3
6,100 St Louis & San Fran 224
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 81
2.100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd £9
2,600 St Louis Southwestern 25%
5.900 et Louis Southwestern prefd 00%
16.300 St Paul 151
St Paul prefd ISOVi
St Paul & Omaha :..12S
S6.200 Southern Pacific 47H
13.1f>0 Southern Railway 1 23>4
6.SC0 Southern Railway prefd 76>s
31.700 Texas & Pacific 30%
1*5.200 Union Pacific 95%
2S.700 Union Pacific prefd S6%
65.600 Wabash 19Vi
62,500 Wabash prefd 34%
21,500 Wheeling & Lake Erie la 1^
19,300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 33\i
100 Wisconsin Central I6«*
Third Avenue 120
1,000 Baltimore'^: Ohio prefd S~M
1.KO0 National Tube .• 68
200 National Tube prefd 1C4
Express Comoanles—
Adams 1S5
300 American 185
200 ITnited States 57
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—
200 American Cotton Oil 30
B00 American Cotton Oil prefd S8
American Malting 4'i
American Malting prefd 24
1.500 American Smelting & Ref 61%
2,000 American Smelting & Ref prefd 09U
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
4,100 American Steel Hoop 31%
700 American Steel Hoop prefd 76
91,200 American Steel & Wire 51%
7.to0 American Steel & Wire prefd 93
25,100 American Tin Plate 64
600 American Tin Plate prefd 91
12,300 American Tobacco ." 117%
American Tobacco prefd 110
4.100 Anaconda Mining Co 46
12.100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7S%
2.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 49
6.900 Continental Tobacco 48^4
1.5O0 Continental Tobacco prefd. 96V4
50.700 Federal Steel 62'4
10.700 Federal Steel prefd. 80*4
1.5C0 General Electric ..195
....... Glucose Sugar 48
....... Glucose Sugar prefd 94%
1,500 International Paper 22
2,600 International Paper prefd 73*i
Laclede Gas 73^4
..: National Busculf ....." 3S'*
300 National Biscuit prefd 91U.
2CO National Lead 18"
National Lead prefd -..."ft 874
S.1C0 National Steel 47^
2,100 National Steel prefd 94\i
! New York Air Brake 157
1 16.fOO North American 20ji
100 Pacific Coast 63U
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87"
Pacific Coast 2d prefd C3
1.200 Pacific Mall .• Al
, 3,&*> People's Gas .• 101
300 Preened Steel Car. SS%
4UQ Pressed Steel Car prefd.. 77
Pullman Palace Car 133
200 Standard Rope & Twine 4
J 97,800 Bugar' 140«4
100 Sugar prefd.... '. 119
5.000 Tennessee Coal & Iron.; 64 I
2,200 United States Leather 13%
.800 ITnited States Leather prefd 75k
COO United States Rubber...: „ 20U
ICO T'nlted States Rubber preM.... ....'. 62
"1.700 Western Union TI.... S6\ft
9,500 Amalgamated Copper.. 9j«
2,100 Republic Iron & Steel Co 16
1,100 Retro hi lc Iron & Steel Co prefd.... «•»
PCCSt Louis.... 60
1.43S.O00 Shares sold. [ '
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s ref rtg....,105«4|N Y C lsts 107
Do coupon U*5%lN JC gen Es ]28U
I>o 3s reg 110>4 N Pacific 3s 7l2
Do 3s coupon 110% N' Paclflc-4s J05U
Do new 4s reg.. .137% N.T C & St L 4s. .108%
Do new 4s.coup,137Vi N.& W con 4s..;...102V4-
Po old 4s.reg...;.l«V4 Or Nav lsts... 109
Do old 4s COUp.-USVi Do 4s: ,......1C3U*
Do 6* reg ..H0»,4 Or Short Line 6S..127 .
Do £• coupon... .11OJ4 Do con" 5s H6V4
Dlst of Col 3.65s. ..123 Reading gen 4s..,. 952
Atchison gen 4s...,108% R G W Uts. ..;.,. .100
Do adJ o 4s.. ;. KH 81 L & I M con Es.116
Canada So 2ds 110 St L & a F gen 6&.169
Ches * O 4»4s......lO7% St Paul cons 184
Do. 5s. ; ... 127- St^».C & P lsts...H8H
Chi & N con 7s...U3H r>o 6 S ygij-
Do S F deb 6«...124 S Pacific 4s... 91
FOR FRIDAT. FFBRUART «.
Hour, qr sks.... 21.14S!PeIts. bdla ff
Wheat, ctls *».«« "Ides. No 147
Barley ctls 2.KP Titcory. bbts .... M.
Beans.' ctls ...... 140 Lime, bbls ; 40*
Pi'Atne« sks . F.53S Raisins, bxs .... 37
Bran sks .".: U35 r Wta#, gals SS.2C0
Middling*, sks .. 2« ! Leather. ¦ roU» .... 11«
Hay. tons 447 1 Quicksilver, fiaka , 13
Straw, tons VTAK.
Wheat, ctls '¦-"¦-',".¦
WINE— Is very firm at 23%c ner gallon net
for ordinary Claret, or 30c Including cooper
ate, f. o. b. at San Francisco. This Is a rise.
of.2%ic. and a further advance t» hinted at.
Stocks are light and the demand Is good and
growing.
Receipts of Produce. "^
OuKtrmala and Mexican — 134Z28C for prime to
fancy washed: 11*}12« for strictly pood wash
ed: l(y*10*i<* for rood washed; 9«9Ti<s for fair
washed: 8®**;? for medium: tWic for In
ferior to ordinary: 11®13c for gool to prime
washed peaberry: 10®10^ie nominal for rood
to prime unwashed peaberry: S^CS^ic nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
"Generally speaking: market conditions hav*
changed but little during the past month, but
such as have taken place went against th»
article. Trade has been quiet, but this is
pertly due to light receipts of new crop, and
the undesirable character of last crop' coffees
now remaining In first hands. Stocks in deal
ers hands are small and we anticipate a bet
ter demand when the usual assortment of all
grades Is obtainable.
"The only notable change has been In ths
price of unwashed Salvador, which broke
sharply from S*ic to S'ic closing steady, and
with all offerings taken.
"Prices for Brazils In Sew York since Jan
nary 7 show a net loss of He for Rio No. 7
and %a for Santos No. 4. Scarcity of th?
lower grade and a superabundance of the lat
ter has narrowed their price difference to f»«
per lb.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 429
bags Costa Rica, 90 Nicaragua. 1223 Salvador,
S734 Guatemala, 1413 Mexican and 8433 bags
of other kinds; in all 18.871 bags, as agalart
13.473 bags same time last year."
The lack of a complete assortment renders
our quotations nominal to some extent, but
based on recent sales we revise as follows:
Costa Rica— 13@14c nominal for prime wash
ed- ll@12*ie nominal for good washed: ICUISo
nominal for good to prime washed peaberry:
ll«lHic nominal for good to prime peaberry:
10H©12c 'or eT 00 * 1 to Prime: S'i^XOc nominal
for good current mixed with black beans: 9{J
10c nominal for fair; C®7?4c nominal for com
mon to ordinary.
Salvador — lOijnSHc for good to crime wash
ed: 8*4 ©9%c for fair washed: ll«!>12Hc - f or good
to prime washed peaberry; 9®5\c for. good to
prime semi-washed; 8H?S^c for aurerior un- .
washed: 8»ic for good green unwashed: l!V9tO*io
for good to superior unwashed peaberry; 8ff7Ha
for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — T.3?il(ic nominal for prime to fancy
washed ; 9«.i«?12c nominal for fair to strictly
good washed : MJSHc nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; lOtfSlOHc nominal for good to
prime unwashed p^aberry.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been four arrivals of coal froa
British Columbia, 9032 tons; five from Wash
ington. 13,970 tons; one from Oregon, 840 tons:
one from Baltimore. 220S tons; total, 23.850
tons. The deliveries this week are generous,
and fully ample for all immediate require
ments. Business generally is active, sales ar»
large and priced well maintained. The Incle
ment weather the past week has materially in
creased the sales of domestic grades, and th«
demand for itum fuel has been '¦ large, prin
cipally for merchant steamers and transports.
The stocks In yard have- not been added to,
hence .but little reserve coal Is on hand, com
petition for sales Is not sharp and price* ar«
wetl sustained. Foreign is not cutting any
figure whatever, as its high Import cost shuts
It out almost entirely. The cost and freight
on Swansea anthracite have be"en relaxed some
what, so that several cargoes have been sold
this month for future loading. Australian la
almost excluded entirely as the high cost for
same at Newcastle prohibits ita shipment; tha
freight rates have diminished a little, still It
costs considerably more to land here than our
coast product, with which It has to compete.
The consumption of fuel oil Is growing grad
ually, and must necessarily Interfere with
coal later on as a steam producer. Contracts
for future delivery of oil are being made at
reduced figures."
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining- Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered, 6.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75o; Confec
tioners* A, 5.75c; Magnolia A. &35c: Extra C.
5.23c; Golden C. 6.15c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, £Sc more; boxes. SOc more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels, 8.50c: boxes. 8.73c per lb.
¦ COFFEE — C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at 13,
20S bags, against 18.039 during the same time
last year. The sales from first bands were
9972 bags, against 10,9)1 The stock In first
hands February 1 was 10,637 bags, against 14.
934 bags February 1 last year. The world's
visible supply February 1 was 7.KS.S45 bags,
against 6,561,757. The circular savs:
COAL— Wellington. $3 per to«; Southfleld
Wellington, $3: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end. $3; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. S14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. JS 43
per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, 6'ic; local make.
6>ic: Wool Bags, 30<332Hc; Fleece Twine. 7Hc
General Merchandise.
Th» recent advance in Hogs has rot In
creased the receipts to any extent and th#
market rules firm. Tho other meats stand th«
same as before.
BEEF— 708c for Steers and «©7%o per lb
for Cowi.
VEAL— Large. 7*JSc; small. 9c per lb*
MUTTON— Wethers. 9^gi0c; Ewes, 93349
LAMB— 10<SHc per lb: spring. 12"4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hcgs. 6^1+e for small and «-U
6Hc for medium and 5 1 i'5."te for large; stock
Hogs. 5®C'*c; feeders. 6U6«Hc; dressed Hcgs,
7H69C.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c: Northern, defective 129
14c; Middle County, free, lj^ige; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12©14c; Southern Mountain U
months', Southern Mountain free 7
months*. ll®12c; Southern Mountain, defective
7 months'. 9<811c: Humboiat and Mendcctno It
617c; Nevada. 13-TUCc per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6Ht?3c: <5o Iambs sa
9c; Middle County. 9©10c; Northern Mountain.
free, lO^llc: Southern Mountain. PtoOMvS'i
Humboldi and Mendoclno, Il@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 13© 16c per lb; from second hands 1SJ>
20c are the asking prices.
for large. H 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and
60c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skina.
»5c: fal^ .or medium skins. 30c; winter or thla
skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c:
large and smooth. SOc; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4V» / a4\c oer lb:
No. 2. 4«4Vic: grease. 2-82Hc.
CHICAGO, Feb. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2800;
market steady to strong except canners weak
and lower. Good to prime steers, $5@6; poor to
medium, $3 40%»4 95: stockers and feeders, $2 75(3
4 50; cows, |2 80©4 15; heifers. |2 70<?T4 40: can
ners,'$l 60#2 25; bulls. *2 60^4 25; calves, *4©6 25:
Texas fed steers. W8* 80; grass steers, $3 35©
4; bulls. !2 50@3 60.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 34,000; to-morrow,
21.000; left over. 2000. Five cents hlpher. Top.
J5 43: mixed and butchers, J5 20®5 45; good to
choice heavy. $5 35<35 45: rough heavy, $5 200
5 30: light, to 20@5 40; bulk. $5 37^4.
SHEEP — Receipts, 7000; sheep firm: lambs
strong to 10c higher. Good to choice wethers,
J3 85(54 50; fair to choice mixed. $3 5004: West
ern eheep. $3 S0@4 50: Texas sheep. $2 50®3 60:
native lambs, $4 5O@5 30; Western lambs, $5
@5 25.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Feb. 8.— Clearings, $347,0S9; bal
ances, (45,294.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 8.-WHEAT-Walla" Wallal
54054HC.
Cleared— Phlp Alsterkamp. for Queenstc«wn,
with 112.106 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 8.-WHEAT-Quiet and un
changed; Blue Stem, 57^c; Club, 65c.
London Wool Sales.
¦ I/ONDON. Feb. 8.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 9592 bales, in
cluding a good selection of new clips. Scoured
merinos were In better demand and higher.
There was a better tone to the Cape of Good
Hope and Natal buying. Americans bought
suitable grades of greasy crossbreds, and the
home trade- and Continent were active com
petitors for the new clips.
Foreign- Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 8.— Contois. 96%: silver, 27Tid;
French rentes, 102f 30c. Wheat cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes Walla Walla,
20s; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 8.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California. 6s 2*4d@6s 3d: wheat' in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris. Steady: French
country markets, firm ; weather in England,
foggy.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 15-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull: No. .1 California, 6s
2Hd ; No. 2 red Western, 5s ll%d ; No. 1 North
ern Spring, 6s 3d. Futures, steady; March, 5s
HUd: May. 6s.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new. 3s
9}4d; do, old, 3s 10%d. Futures, quiet; Feb
ruary, 3s 9Vid; March. 3s 9%d; May. 3s 9d.
?_
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 8.— Cable advices from
London indicating lower prices on nearly all
metals served to create a depressing influence
In localities generally, but, however, trading
was on narrow lines, with speculation almost
entirely dormant. Spelter lost 2^4 points, fol
lowing a drop of 2s 6d' In London to £17 7s 6d.
and closed weak at J3 9O©3 85. Tin was with
out Important change and experienced a slow
trade, but closed steady In tone at *26 15ig26 10,
while at London a decline of 10s to £122 2s 6d
was noted. Lead ruled dull on the basis of
$4 37^». At London, however, the market waa
weak at 2s 6d lower to £15 28 6d. Lake copper,
though not showing any particular change,
had a weak undertone, with sellers at J17 for
Lake Superior and J16 62H for casting and elec
trolytic. Domestic iron markets were quiet
and unchanged. Pigiron warrants. $) 60®10 50:
Northern foundry. JloS'lS 50; Southern foundry.
J14 50@15 75, and soft Southern, J13ffl5 75.
New York Metal Market.
¦Wheat- Mar. May.
Opening 6 11T4 « J4
Closing 6 1M4 « "0
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. Apr. -May.
Opening 19 25 20 40
Closing 19 20 20 3o
Flour —
Opening 24 60 26 10
Closing 24 45 26 CO
LIVERPOOL.
On the Produce Exchange to-daythe butter
market was firm: creamery. 14ff21e; dairy.
Iil4<0l8c. Cheese, dull. 10%<311%c Eggs, quiet;
fresh, 13g22c.
* P ¦¦ *
Eastern and Foreign Exchange as previously quoted.
Silver a fraction oft again.
Wheat lower. Barley futures declined.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Beans zvcll held at previous prices.
Bran 50c higher. Hay steady, with moderate receipts.
Another advance in Wine.
Coffee quiet and rather iveak than othefzvise.
Potatoes easy again under heavy receipts.
Vegetables sold at fancy prices. Onions steady.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Two cars of Oranges auctioned at good prices.
Mexican Limes zvcll cleaned up and firm.
Dried Fruits and Raisins dull at the old prices.
Provisions inactive and unchanged.
Wool, Hops and Hides show no variation.
Hogs still in light receipt and firm.
Oil stocks raiher quieter and without especial feature.
Fair business in local stocks and bonds. '
Increased local exports, in January.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . West End 83*i
Call loans 2',4@3Vi Westlngh Elec 65
Time loans 3<g:4 Bonds—
Stocks— Atchison 4s 102
Atehlson 53% N E G & Coke Bs.. 68',i
do prefd SSV4 Mining shares-
Am Sugar H0H Adventure 10V4
do prefd 119 Bingham 20
Bell Telephone 163 Amalg Copper n\
Boston & Albany.. 2I4V4 Atlantic 29H
Boston & Maine... 194 Boston & Mont. 324 I
O B & Q uoaj Butte & Boston.... 81
Dom Coal ,.. SoH Calumet & Hccla..S60
do prefd 108'iiCentennial 25',4
Fed Steel 62 "(Franklin 19
*Io prefd SO^jHuraboldt 25
Fitchburg. prefd ..,14l»4 Osceola 87
Gen Elec 195',4 Parrot 49%
do prefd 161 Qulncy 173
Mex Cent 17*6. Santa Fe Copper... 6*i
Old Colony 20S Tamarack 338
OM Dominion 85% Utah Mining 34H
Rubber 20 Wlnona 6»»
Union Pacific S3 Wolverines 4
Union Land 2%
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 14
Alice 44 Ontario 6 25
grace 2 00jOphlr 67
Brunswick Con S5 IPhoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel... 04 Potosl M
Con CaJ & Va 1 40 ISavage 14
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada. 14
• Iorn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 60
Iron Silver Go Standard 4 00
Leadville Con 00
S?i« *? erm <s •• 9S s Railway 5s 118
Colorado So 4s 86 Stand R & T 6s... 61
D & R G 4s 103^ Tex & Pao lsts...-116
£"« « en **¦• 85' 4 Do 2ds 95
F W & D C lsts.. 83 U Pacific 4s 106*i
? e " Electric 6s.... 160 Wabash lsts U9'.i
} ow , a Cent lsts....H5>,i! Do 2ds ,111
x^f>^. S" 1 4 * 101*4 1 West Shore 4s 114%
t^ a 2(3s ™ Wise Cent 4s 88%
Do ** «7ft Va Centuries 86%
MINING STOCKS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 8.— The market opened
steady, with prices 1 to 6 points higher, and
Improved several points additional Imme
diately after the call en covering and a mo
mentary flurry of Investment support, the lat
ter led by Wall street commission interests.
But holders turned to prpflts and before thess
offerings had been absorbed prices were dowr
some 6 to 7 points. Covering caused a partial
rally in the afternoon, but during the rest of
the session chances were comparatively nar
row and business dragged. At the close the
market was quiet, with prices 3 points higher
to 4 points net lower.
Nczu York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 8.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $irO,COO.OCO gold reserve In th»
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $143,643,457; goid. $71,516,136.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Feb. 8.— Money on call steRdy
at 1%®2 per cent, Prime mercantile paper, Z*Q\
per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with actual
buslrvefs In bankers' bills at $4 87^4^4 87*4 for
demand and $4 84H for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 S5®4 85H and $1 8SV4^4 K>. Oommerclal bills,
$4 S3*i«?4 BIV*. Sliver certificate*. fil(§63c. Bar
silver. 60Hc Mexican dollars, 47Vic.
Bonds— Government, steady; State, inactive:
railroad. Irregular.
New York Money Market.
Atehlson, 65%: Canadian Pacific. 93%: Union
Pacific preferred; »1H: Northern - Pacific pre
ferred, $0%: Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, 9%.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Feb. 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Though business on lb« Stock Exchange here
was limited to-day tha torn? of the general list
was steady. were exceptions. Their
movements were very erratic. Prices at the
Opening were depressed and In the first hour
there was free selling all around. Then the
market found its feet, and Union and Southern
Pacific Issues were bll up sharply, steadying
tHe list. New York prices as they came in on
the cable caused a violent see-saw toward the
end and the close was irregular. Southern Pa
cific? b;Ing strong. Union Pacifies flat, the
Denver . Issues buoyant and the . rest of the
market sacglng. Grand Trunk dropped heavily
on the disappointing dividend news. TIntos
spurted on the expectation of the declaration
of a dividend of 50s in April. Anacondas were
affected sympathetically. Money was a little
bit stiffer, call loans 3 to 3>,j per cent; time
money, 3Vi per cent. Tl>e'new war loan, which
was expected to-day, was announced after the
closr- of business. The Government aeks for
tenders . for. eleven millions 3 per cent ex-
Chequer bonds, repayable at par in 1905.
London Market.
Failures for the week were 263 in the United
States ngalnst 245 last year, and 33 In Canada
against 33 last year.
Atlantic exports 1 for the week. Including
flour, were 2.S74.111 bushels, against 2.247.402
bushels In the week preceding and 2,115,875
bushels a year pro.
Wheat fell below SO cents, ample snow afford
ing the- desired protection In winter wheat
States, while the rhief support was a better
inquiry on foreign account, including mod
erate purchases for Spain.
Bessemer pig Is firm at the recent advance
to, $13 60. although no large sales are reported.
Cut nails have followed the lead of wire nails,
advancing $2 per ton. while many other forms
are expected to be put on a higher level when
producers meet.
Large operations in the stocks «f leading
steel companies do not affect the volume of
business or the prices of their products as yet
and will probably have no material Influence
In the future. Quotations will depend on the
relation of supply to demand, which at preeent
gives an undertone of great strength. This is
most evident in billets, which cannot be se
cured at the pool price. While former quota
tions are nominally In force. It would require
a material advance to secure contracts. Struc
tural forms are also In notably brisk demand,
and it is impossible to secure prompt delivery
of any finished steel at Pittsburg. Chicago
makers also have orders far ahead, and at all
leading points the placing of new business Is
limited to small contracts.
Prices of staple products show but moder
ate decline and quotations - of "manufactured
goods are steady in all directions. Pressure
to eell is everywhere conspicuously absent.
Jobbers report good demand for spring goods,
particularly for the Western trade, and tha
only complaint still comes from the woolen
goods market in the East, which has not yet
felt the expected stimulus. In this line, how
ever, prices do not decline, and agents expect
better conditions.
More seasonable weather in the East has
brought up the volume of business In retail
lines a little this' week and at tho W r est and
South distribution of- merchandise Is on a sat
isfactory scale.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Dun's Rcviezv of Trade.
From July 1 to date, this season, wheat ex
l>orts are 120 975 496 bufshels. against 123.024.232
last season and 156.598,159 in 1898-99.
Business failures for the week In the Ignited
States- number 245. against 238 last week. 281
1" this week a year ago, l?3,ln 1899, 278 in
189S and 301 in 1S97. t '
Canadian failures for the week number 31
as against 27 last week, 25 in this week a year
ago, 33 in 1899 61 In 1S9S and C4 In 1SD7.
tttter advices from the distributive trade may,
however, help the situation. Demand for wool
is only to cover manufacturers' sales and some
soft spots are reported.. Plain dress woolens
are In chief demand and. men's wear goods
ere . slow of sale - . \
Iron and steel have been rather quiet but
steady and even strong as to price, with fin
ished products, particularly structural mater
ial.- m active inquiry. > Immediate delivery of
steel billets can only be obtained at advances
of 50c to $1 over the pool price. Bessemer pig
iron is stronger, 23@50c higher on the week.
Sales of foundry pigiron to pipe manufacturers
ar»\ liberal at Chicago and St. Louis. Stocks
are claimed to be not accumulating at tur
naces in the former districts. Birmingham re
ports the -coal supply Inadequate to demands
of iron furnaces which are reported sold two
months ahead. " .
Wheat, including' flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,997.481 bushels, against 3...6.
100 last week, 2 902.357 in the corresponding
•week of 1S00, 5 780,500 In 1899 and 3,419,504 in
1898.
Th« situation remains unchanged. Except
the light demand for Prunes there Is nothing
going on. .
FltUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 siies, Jc;
30-40s ,7c; 40-50s. 6Vic: 60-609. 4Hc; W-70s. l\c'
70-SOs. 3Vic; £0-90s. 3»ie: 90-100s. 2Vic: 100-120s'
lV4c: rubles, Uc premium; Sonomas. Ho and
San Joaqulns. %c less than Santa. Claras ex
cept 10O and over, which stand the same Apri
cots, 66Sc"for Royals and 10@10Hc for Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples, 4@r.f4c; sun-dried
lV»@2*ie: Peaches. 3® 4c for standard. 3H©5e for
choice and 5H®6Hc for fancy: Pears 2ff7c-
Plums, pitted. 5©8%c: unpitted. i©iV4c- Nec
tarines. 6<f?5Hc for red and 6V4©5c for w'hlte
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice lie
standard. 10c: prime. 9c ;. unbleached Thomi^
eon's 9c per lb. - Sultanas— Fancy. 1014c Der
lb; choice. 9V4c; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless. 60-lb boxes
6'4c: 4-crown.- 7c; 3-crown. «Hc; 2-crown. «c"
Pacific, brand, t-crown. 5c; S-crown. 6Uc. and
4-crown. SHc: seeded (Fresno prices) fancy
16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce. 6V4c: choice. 18-ounce
6%c ; 12-ounce. 6 J Ac : London Layers, • !-crown.
$1 £0 per. box; 3-crown. 11 60; Fancy Clusters.
12; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All prices f. o.
b. at common shipping points In California.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 8@10c p«r lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1, sqftsbell. 10c; No. 2, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell, 9Uc: No. 2, 7c: Almonds, 12£Uc
for panershell. 3(311c for softshell: Peanuts. 5
©6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12c: Filberts.
13c; Pecans, WU 13c: Cocoanuts. S3 50©5.
HONEY— Comb. 13'i@14Hc for bright and UH
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
"\Gi%c; light amber extracted, «^07c; dark,
6#Wc rer lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon." llSlltjc per lb for
heavy. HV4@12c for light medium. 12',iS13o for
: light. 13Utfl4c for extra-light and l.VR13Hc for
1 sugar-cured: Eastern sujar-cured Hams, 12c;
Mess Beef. $12 per barre!; extra Mess, $13;
Family. $14: extra crime Pork.,$15©15 10; extra
clear,- $13 50&20; Mess.' $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «H®6^c per lb for
compound and 9Uc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9fte: 10-lbtlns. lCc: 5-lb tins. lOHc
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8\tc: three
half-barrel*. 8c; one .tierce. 7T4c: two tierces.
7\c; five tlerce». 7Hc per lb./_
Hides, Talioiv, Wool and Hops.
Quotations for everything stand the same.
and the , markets are featureless.
HIDES AND SKINS^-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
SHmecJ'hied" 1111 . 9c: Hght, 8©8He; Cow Hides.
8V4c for heavy and 8SSHc for' light;- Stags. &9
6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9©10c; Salted
CalClOc; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls, He; dry Kip.
15fil8c; Dry ' Calf. 16017c: culls and brands,
Hfrloc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 2CfT3Oc each:
short Wool, 30&3OC each; medium. S0@75c ¦ long
Wool. ! 75c@Jl each: Horse Hides. «alt. $2 50©
2 75 for large and 12&2 25 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 60c for colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 73
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1©2; Seed
lings. oCctjJl: Tangerines. 75c@SlS0; Mandarins.
75c@$l ; Lemons, 25c*jjl 25 for common and SI SO
@2 for good to choice; Grape Fruit, $1©2; Mex
ican Limes. *5@5 50; California Limes, 25@50c:
Bananas. 75c©$l 75 per bunch; Pineapples. 75c
®$2 per dozen. _¦;...
Dried -Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels. $1 75®2 10; choice do.
$1 45@1 55; standard. 85c©*l 10.
The market for all descriptions stands about
the same. Llme3 are well cleaned up and firm,
but fresh arrivals are expected to-day. Oranges
are in fair supply* and rather slow, owing to
the sharp weather.
DECIDUOUS FRCTTS—
APPLES— 35®6Sc per box for common. 75c©
|1 £0 for good to choice and tl 75£2 for fancy.
PEARS-GicSH 60 per box.
Butter continues In ampU supply and prices
show no further change. Tha feeling Is
steady. .
Cheese is weak and coming In freely. Young
Americas are lower.
There are plenty of Eggs on the market and
the feeling Is weak with accumulating stocks
though there Is no further decline.
Receipts, as reported by the Dairy Ex-
Change, were S3S.500 pounds Butter. 9S1 cases
Eggs and 10,750 pounds Cheese.
U UTTER— •
Creamery— Extras, 21c: firsts. 19c: seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, — ;
seconds. : dairy extras. .
Pickle; — — per pound.
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy full cream. 10c: choice
9c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 154?16fec per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 13c; mixed
colors. 18c per dozen. 0i
California gathered— Selected, ISc; standard.
; seconds, >
Fresh Eastern— Fancy. ; standard. ;
seconds, .
Storage — California fancy, ; standard. .
Eastern fancy, — — ; standard, ; seconds,
Deciduous and jC it rus Fruits.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25®1 EO for Valley and $23
2 50 for Mountain; Mallard. $3(@3 50; Canvaaback.
»l 50@3 50; Sprig, |2©2 50; T«al, $1 50@l 75;
Widgeon, $1 50; Small Duck, $1£1 23; Black
Jack, « 25®1 60; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese.
$150; Brant, $150 for small and $2@2 25 for
large; Honkers. S3@4 50; English Snipe $2 50-
Jack Snipe. $1 50; Hare, *1©1 25; Rabbits. $1 25
@1 50 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves
75c per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lOigllc for Gob
bl«rs and ll'flJc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
14®16c; Gffse, per pair. $1 50©2; Goslings.
$2@2 50; Ducks, $3 50@r4 for old- and $«@7
for young; Hens. $3 50*94 50; Young Roosters.
$5@6; Old Roosters. $3 50iQ'4 50: Fryers. $3@5 50;
Broilers, |5©3 50 for large and tKQi 50 for
Fmall: Pigeons, $1©1 25 per dozen for old and
$2^2 53 for Squabs.
There are a number of changes In Poultry,
both up and down. Ducks, Geesa and Squabs
are lower, and young Poultry Is hardly as stiff
as for some days back. Variations, however,
are not sharp.
Arrivals of Game continue moderate and the
market Is steady, as usual during the closing
days of the week. Seventy-five sacks came In.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 9c; Asparagus,
from Sacramento, 15<32Cc per lb; from Bouldln
Island, ; Green Peas. 8@10c per lb: String
Beans, 12'4©25c: Cabbage, 90c: Tomatoes. Los
Angeles, 75c@U 75 per crate; from Mexico, $2 23
&2 50 crate: Egg Plant, Los Angeles. 20c per
lb; Green Peppers, Los Angeles, 174©23c per
lb for Chile and for Bell: Dried Peppers. 9"9
lie; Dry .Okra, 10@15c per lb: Carrots, 25«J35c
per box; Hothouse Cucumber!". $182 per dozen;
Summer Squash. $:@2 25 per box; Garlic. 3#4c
per lb; Marrowfat 8quash. $20^25 per ton;
Mushrooms. S<S15c per lb.
Arrivals of Southern Vegetables were 40 sks
and 20 bxs, and. as the market was bare most
kinds brought fancy prices. Tomatoes, how
ever^ continued dull. •
POTATOES— Early Rose, <5@75c: Burbanks.
S5<&50c for River. $1®1 25 per ctl for Salinas
and EOc@$l for Oregon; Garnet Chiles, from
Oregon, 65(3 Sic: Sweets. $1@1 05 for Merced.
ONIONS— Jl 50©2 per ctl; Nevadas. $2©2 25:
Cut Onions. SI 25 per ctl.
Receipts of Potatoes were heavy again, being
S39S sks, and tha market was easy In conse
quence. There was no change In Onions.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 BC«32 75; Small White,
$4 60©4 90; Large White, $434 25: Pink. $2 15©
2 35; Red *3®3 50; Blackeye. S3S3 25; Llmas.
$5 C035 70: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney, $3 7504 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $2 50«3: Canary. Zy,®
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7H@9Hc: Rape. 29
2V*c: Hemp. 3H©3%c; Timothy. 6Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2®2 50; . Green. $2 70
£3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
B^ans show no change. When ths Govern
meat announces how many It wants dealers
will have some Idea of the Immediate future of
the market.
Barns and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, |25©2«; jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. J17@18: Corn Meal 125
625 60; Cracked Corn. $25 50@26; Mixed Feed
$15@1«. .
HAY — Volunteer. $5@S; Wheat. S11«13-
Wheat and Oat. $3<312: Oat. ?3®11 50; Clover'
nominal; Alfalfa. • $3©9 60; Barley. $7 50®3 56
per ton.
STRAW-35®47>*c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— 116 50@19 50 per ton.
Rain again checked trade In Hay, but the
market was steady under continued light re
ceipts.
Bran was acaln higher, under lighter ship
ments from tjie north 'to arrive to-day.
BRAN— $15 50®16 50 r>er ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS-^Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 jer 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Ry»
Meal. J2 SO; Rice Flour. *7: Corn Meal. 12 75;
extra cream do, S3 SO; Dat Groats, S4 SO; Hom
iny, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4®4 25:
Cracked Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $60
7 25; In sacks. 85 7S@7; Pearl Barley. S3: Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas. So £0 per 100 lb«.
3 B0. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 H©3 2S:
Oregon. $2 75#2 85 'per • barrel for family and
(2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers'. $2 73
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAL.Li, : SATURDAY, FEBRUARY
In sympathy with wheat. May closed un
changed at 25%©2594c. -
v Provisions were dull, but the close was
steady. .May pork closed unchanged, lard Vko
lower and ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull:
No. 3 spring wheat, 6SV4@71c; No. 2 red. <3V«@
74tfc; No. 2 corn, 37^c; No. 2 yellow, 37%c:
No: 2 oats, 25^c: No. 3 white.. 27@27%e; No. 2
rve, 51c: common feeding barley. 48@olc; ran
to choice malting. 52@64c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 60
©164; No. 1 Northwestern, ¦ %l 60@l 6o; prime
timothy seed. $4 50; mess pork, per 1 barrel.
$13 S0@13 S7V-: lard, per 100 pounds. $7 40® i 42H:
short-rib Bides (loose). $6 85@7 10; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). $6 25^6 50; short clear i-tdes
(boxed). $7 US'! 25; whisky, basis of high
wines, |1 27; clover, contract grade. $H 2j@
11 CO. " ..
Articles— I Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .37,000 40.000
Wheat, bushel • 40.000 13.000
Corn, bushels 182.000 101.000
Oats, bushels •¦ 24 1'SS2 1 ™
n r . bu«hels 8,000 10.000
BirlejV bushels' " ....... ......23>00___2 : C00
Foreign Futures.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
!, — Percent — ,
CITIES. Clearings. Inc. I Dec.
New York S1.5S7.161.807 33.2
P.oston ; 127.733,263 3.4
Chicago 323.133.6SS 3.2
Philadelphia 105.621,321 7.6
St. Louis 43.009.773 34.1
Pittsburg 35.S71.S12 8.1
P-nltlmore 21.J00.6J1 2.4
Ban Francisco 18,010,316 4.1 ....
Cincinnati 21,070,000 30.7 ....
Kansas City 14.S20.K01 fc.6
New Orleans 13.4M.490 3.4
Minneapolis 9.77S.634 3.8 ....
Detroit 9.412.833 23.6
Cleveland 12.940,433 22.6
Louisville 10.34fi.570 7.4
Providence 6.741. 900 1.0 ....
Milwaukee 7.2CO.9S3 22.5 ....
Si. Paul ..... 4.C29.C60 9.7 ....
Buffalo B.231.19'3 , 7.6
Omaha 5.675.607 2.8
Indianapolis 7.663.145 21.4 ....
Columbus, 0 6,2'<9.700 32.2 ....
Savannah 6.006.S60 7.0
Denver * 4.725.740 15.5 ....
Hartford 2.62S.683 8.4
Richmond 3.955.150 ! 6.0
Memphis 3,451. S70 9.3 ....
Washington 2.9S6.8S3
Peoria 2.413,535 12.0
P.ochester 2.S70.4S1 1.3 ....
New Haven 1,735.909 14.6 ....
Worcester 1.475,910 13.7 ....
Atlanta 1,764,047 2.7
Salt Lake City 3,120.020 74.3 ....
fiprlngneld. Mass... 1.444.163 .... 12.4
Fort Worth 2.50S.S55 52. 4
Portland. Me 1.202.300 13.8
Portland. Or 1.934,707 4.8 ....
St. Joseph 3.77S.CC0
Log Angeles 2,637,275 22.1 ....
Norfolk 1,350.225 21.3
Syracuse 1.339.S4I ....
t»es Molnes 1,421.700 6.8 ....
Nashville 1.S32.629 8.9
Wilmington, Del... 99S.705 ,1.9
Fall River SS2.230 .... 12.!
Scranton 1.022.104 1.7
Grand Rapids 1.445.571 23.9 ....
Augusta, Ga 1,385,513 .... 6.0
Lowell 6S5.9SS 7.3 ....
Dayton, 0 1.172.331 16.9
Seattle 1.942.4W 3.5
Taeoma 1,628,438 ES.8 ....
Spokane 1.067.546 3.0 ....
Sioux City 1,111,930 S.9
New Bedford 4J4.407 6.2 ....
Knoxville, Tenn.... 734. 000 3.0
Topeka 1.0S5.3S7 63.1 ....
PirjninKham 1.041.362 16.4
Wichita 5G7.7&3 2.4 ....
Btnghamton 463.100 3.5
Lexington. Ky 618.135 ...; 12.7
Jacksonville. Fla... 275,788 .... 10.1
Kalamazoo 312,875 22.9
Akron 6iS,70O 27.8
Chattanooga PO4.41I 19.4
Rockford. Ill 2C1.500 .... 2.2
Canton. 0 272.000 12.3" ....
Springfield, 0 231.463 14.4
I'&rso. N. D •.. . 309.407 2.3
Sioux Falls. P. D.. 153.945 .... 1.2
Prrmont. Neb 162,536 .... '7.4
Davenport "1,512.943 45.7
Tcledo 2.115.675 2.2 ....
Galveston 7.865.000 .... ....
Houston 8,906,281 5.9 ....
Ilvansvllle • 765.770 .... 24.8
Mecon 980,000 15.8 ....
Little Rock £6o,C73 17.2
Helena S33.393 60.5
YcungBtown 433.6S9 42.4 ....
Springfield. 111...... 544,837 '40.5
Colorado Springs.;. 1,134,733
Totals. U. S.... $2,282,042,943 26.1 ....
Tctals outside New
York 694.831.136 4.0
, — Percent — ,
CITIES. Clearings. Inc. Dec.
Montreal $12,OC8,1SS .... 20.0
Toronto 10.283,709 29.5
Winnipeg 1.S28.249 .... ' 1.0
Heltfax 1,480.174 7.7
Hamilton 811.007 14.8
Pt. John. N. B 685,446 7.1
Vancouver, B. C... 745.607 .... 72.3
Victoria 793,699 11.8
Totals $2S,C11,O74 sTJ"
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
SSK.^.:. T2H «ft T2H «*
h ..::::::::::::: ?^ a S3. ft
Corn No.' 2 — , . iniL
Srr..:::::::::: nii ¦«*. gg $
'Jay...... 3S% «9 28^ 33
24H Wk »H «V.
Vfay 25V4 25% 25Vi 2»H
Mesa Pork,' per barrel— ft
"Vhniirv .. . 14 8U
«ay 9?«i -mm- u 97% 14 00
Lard, per ICO pounds— • '-^
iST.^..:::::::::: r* Sra^a: ?.»?
Bhort Ribs, per ICO pounds— „
!, — Percent — ,
CITIES. Clearings. Inc. I Dec.
New York S1.5S7.161.807 33.2
P.oston ; 127.733,263 3.4
Chicago 323.133.6SS 3.2
Philadelphia 105.621,321 7.6
St. Louis 43.009.773 34.1
Pittsburg 35.S71.S12 8.1
P-nltlmore 21.J00.6J1 2.4
Ban Francisco 18,010,316 4.1 ....
Cincinnati 21,070,000 30.7 ....
Kansas City 14.S20.K01 fc.6
New Orleans 13.4M.490 3.4
Minneapolis 9.77S.634 3.8 ....
Detroit 9.412.833 23.6
Cleveland 12.940,433 22.6
Louisville 10.34fi.570 7.4
Providence 6.741. 900 1.0 ....
Milwaukee 7.2CO.9S3 22.5 ....
Si. Paul ..... 4.C29.C60 9.7 ....
Buffalo B.231.19'3 , 7.6
Omaha 5.675.607 2.8
Indianapolis 7.663.145 21.4 ....
Columbus, 0 6,2'<9.700 32.2 ....
Savannah 6.006.S60 7.0
Denver * 4.725.740 15.5 ....
Hartford 2.62S.683 8.4
Richmond 3.955.150 ! 6.0
Memphis 3,451. S70 9.3 ....
Washington 2.9S6.8S3
Peoria 2.413,535 12.0
P.ochester 2.S70.4S1 1.3 ....
New Haven 1,735.909 14.6 ....
Worcester 1.475,910 13.7 ....
Atlanta 1,764,047 2.7
Salt Lake City 3,120.020 74.3 ....
fiprlngneld. Mass... 1.444.163 .... 12.4
Fort Worth 2.50S.S55 52. 4
Portland. Me 1.202.300 13.8
Portland. Or 1.934,707 4.8 ....
St. Joseph 3.77S.CC0
Log Angeles 2,637,275 22.1 ....
Norfolk 1,350.225 21.3
Syracuse 1.339.S4I ....
t»es Molnes 1,421.700 6.8 ....
Nashville 1.S32.629 8.9
Wilmington, Del... 99S.705 ,1.9
Fall River SS2.230 .... 12.!
Scranton 1.022.104 1.7
Grand Rapids 1.445.571 23.9 ....
Augusta, Ga 1,385,513 .... 6.0
Lowell 6S5.9SS 7.3 ....
Dayton, 0 1.172.331 16.9
Seattle 1.942.4W 3.5
Taeoma 1,628,438 ES.8 ....
Spokane 1.067.546 3.0 ....
Sioux City 1,111,930 S.9
New Bedford 4J4.407 6.2 ....
Knoxville, Tenn.... 734. 000 3.0
Topeka 1.0S5.3S7 63.1 ....
PirjninKham 1.041.362 16.4
Wichita 5G7.7&3 2.4 ....
Btnghamton 463.100 3.5
Lexington. Ky 618.135 ...; 12.7
Jacksonville. Fla... 275,788 .... 10.1
Kalamazoo 312,875 22.9
Akron 6iS,70O 27.8
Chattanooga PO4.41I 19.4
Rockford. Ill 2C1.500 .... 2.2
Canton. 0 272.000 12.3" ....
Springfield, 0 231.463 14.4
I'&rso. N. D •.. . 309.407 2.3
Sioux Falls. P. D.. 153.945 .... 1.2
Prrmont. Neb 162,536 .... '7.4
Davenport "1,512.943 45.7
Tcledo 2.115.675 2.2 ....
Galveston 7.865.000 .... ....
Houston 8,906,281 5.9 ....
Ilvansvllle • 765.770 .... 24.8
Mecon 980,000 15.8 ....
Little Rock £6o,C73 17.2
Helena S33.393 60.5
YcungBtown 433.6S9 42.4 ....
Springfield. 111...... 544,837 '40.5
Colorado Springs.;. 1,134,733
Totals. U. S.... $2,282,042,943 26.1 ....
Tctals outside New
York 694.831.136 4.0
, — Percent — ,
CITIES. Clearings. Inc. Dec.
Montreal $12,OC8,1SS .... 20.0
Toronto 10.283,709 29.5
Winnipeg 1.S28.249 .... ' 1.0
Heltfax 1,480.174 7.7
Hamilton 811.007 14.8
Pt. John. N. B 685,446 7.1
Vancouver, B. C... 745.607 .... 72.3
Victoria 793,699 11.8
Totals $2S,C11,O74 sTJ"
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
SSK.^.:. T2H «ft T2H «*
h ..::::::::::::: ?^ a S3. ft
Corn No.' 2 — , . iniL
Srr..:::::::::: nii ¦«*. gg $
'Jay...... 3S% «9 28^ 33
24H Wk »H «V.
Vfay 25V4 25% 25Vi 2»H
Mesa Pork,' per barrel— ft
"Vhniirv .. . 14 8U
«ay 9?«i -mm- u 97% 14 00
Lard, per ICO pounds— • '-^
iST.^..:::::::::: r* Sra^a: ?.»?
Bhort Ribs, per ICO pounds— „
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£* AT
COR. EISHTEEHTH ANO FLORIDA STS.,
«..„ THIS DAY.
SATLRDAY. February 9, at 11 a. m.
By Order of W. E. COLE.
.' win "ell 30 HEAD OF HORSKS belongln*
rt na n c °ntractlng Company, ranging In
T.. i/ 01^ m to 140 ° Pounds, from 4 to S
years old. These horses must be sold, without
limit or reserve, aad can be seen any time be-
fore sale at the above place
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
Office 327 Sixth st.
AUCTION SALES.
GREATEST' SALE
ON RECORD!
.&» fe £s»
400 Horses and Mares and 175 Mulss
Will Be Sold at Public Auction
MONDAY, February II,
ON
BASEBALL GROUNDS. SIXTEENTH AND
FOLSOM STS.. S. F..
Commenclne at 9 a. m.
The«e animals, carefully selected by expert
veterinarians of the German Government fnr
use in the recent China trouble, are solid in
color, are In excellent condition, well handled
and weigh from 675 to l£0, tha mules ranging
from 973 to 1300. There are many well-matched
teams and masmflcent saddle horses amonsr
the lot. These horses and mules are suitable
for farmers, liverymen, stage owners, team-
sters, exuressmen. butchers, bakers, grocers,
laundrymen, etc. Age ranges from % to W '
years. Animals are now on exMbltlcn at base-
ball grounds.
The saddle horses will b« offered for sal9
about 1:30 p. m.
THIS SALE IS STRICTLY CASH.
WJI. G. LAY.VG, Livestock Auctioneer,
Office Occidental Horse Exchang*.
7a Howard.MATE HOGAN BATTLES VALOROUSLT TO SAVE HIS SHIP FROM THE ONSLAUGHT OF FOREIGN BORN FISH
ERMEN AND. ALTHOUGH ALMOST OVERCOME BY THE TREMENDOUS PISCATORIAL BOMBARDMENT,
STICKS TO HIS POST AND WINS THE DAY.
The officer continued their search and
early this morning they knocked at the
door of a Fhed at Damons Landing-. To
their surprise Damon answered the sum
mons. "When the officers asked him if
Whalen and Matthews were in the house
he 5ald they were not. But he wilted
wh*>n the officers made a move to look for
themselves. They found the fugitives ly
ing cn the floor.
On the way to the City Prison the men
said that the oSlcers were lucky in com
ing: at the time they did as in a few min
utes more they would have been gone.
They intended to leave the country.
The prisoners deny participating In yes
terday's crime, but do not deny that they
Two Footpads Armed With Shotguns Compel Them to Throw Up
Their Hands and Submit to Be Searched in Broad Daylight.
The Robbers Secure No Coin — Two Suspects Arrested
ALAMEDA, Feb. 6.— Two fodtpads
armed with shotguns held up four
men on High street, near the
tidal canal bridgre. in broad day
light yesterday. Perry Whalen
cad P. J. Matthews, formerly deputy con
stables cf Brooklyn Township, are now
under azxest. charjtcd with tho crime.
The victims of the robbery were Julius
Pettijohn and Manuel Miller, residents of
FruitvaJc. and twa n-.cn from Alameda,
whose naxacs could not be learned. They
cpont yesterday hunting en the Bay
Farm Island marshes. As they ap
proached the HiRh-strcet canal bridge on
their way home about 4 o'clock in the
afternoon they saw two men row a boat
ashore aad get cut. They paid but little
attentign to them, until suddenly from
behind them they heard the command,
•'Threw up your hands."
The quartet of hunters turned around
to see the muzzles of two guns pointed
directly at them and within a few lncnes
of their heads. They at once recognized
the men whom they had seen In the boat
and up went their hands in obedience to
the command.
Then one of the robbers proceeded to
go through the hunters' pockets, while
his companion kept them covered and
threatened to blow tfcelr heads off If
they dared to move.
Not a cent of money was secured by
the robbers. A quarter of a dollar in a
Email pocket In Pettijohn's clothing was
overlooked. But the men did not go
«*iy empty-handed, for they f>ok the
fr-ur ducks their victims had killed in
the course of the day's hunting:. They
then went back to their boat and rowed
6 way.
Ab q-jirklr es they could th" four vic
tims notified th* Alamr-da police of the
hold-up. Officers Keyo.<= and Anderson
¦were detailed to hunt the men down.
About 7 o'clock la*t nipht they fa* two
men making- for the Alameda j=h^re in
Ban Leaniro Bay. but the l>oatmcn ob
served them at th" paire tirrw arid went
off in another fi!r«*ction. I^ater the of
ficers found a man r.arced Damon wan-
Or'.r.g aimlessly arour.d. He was intoxi
cated and said he was licking for two
lam in a boat with whom he had been
hunting. They had put him off some
where, he paid, cr.d rowrf away, taking
bi» run with them. He said th* names of
bis cotspar.lor.s were Perry Whalen and
Pete Matthe'w-5.
FOUR HUNTERS ARE HELD UP
AND ROBBED OF THEIR GAME
were in the vicinity at the time. They
bear a bad reputation in the neighbor
hood of Fitchburg. where they live. Sev
eral holdups that have taken place there
lately are charged to them, though there
Is no direct evidence that they are impli
cated. Bail was fixed at $2000, which was
furnished for Matthews this afternoon by
Joe Dieves.
Will Represent Students
When President Me-
Kinley Addresses
Them.
SENIORS HOLD
ELECTION AND
NAME OFFICERS
CLASH IN POLICE
BENEFIT SOCIETY
Patrolmen Make Objection to
Payment of Death
: Assessment.
Members Ireads to a Move for
Adoption of New
Threatened Withdrawal of Eight
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Feb. 8.
The threatened withdrawal of eight
members of the Policemen's Mutual Bene
fit Association has caused a serious crisis
in the affairs of the organization, which
has been in existence many years. Its pur
pose has been to provide a relief fund in
cases of death of members while in active
service. The by-laws have provided for
a per capita assessment of $20 upon each
member In the event of a death. This
would realize about $1200 to the family of
the deceased policeman.
Sergeants Clark and Green and Patrol
men Murcell. McCloud, Flynn and Mc-
Sorley and Detective Kyte are the eight
members who opposed the present plan.
They expressed their objections to-day at
a special meeting of the association at
which even* member of the department,
including Chief Hodgkins. the president,
was present. The objections to the pres
ent system were presented by the officers
who proposed to withdraw, and the entire
subject was canvassed and ciscusaed at
much length.
Many of the men thought that the bur
den would prove very severe upon them,
because of the advancing years of not a
few of their brother policemen. They
suggested that a graded system of death
benefits be adopted, or what might be bet
ter that a fixed monthly assessment plan
be inaugurated.
Those who favor the abolishing of tho
present flat death assessment scheme ¦won
the day, in that the members decided that
a new plan shall be devised by which the
objections Fhall be overcome. Upon mo
tion. Chief Hodgkins appointed a commit
tee of five to prepare new by-laws. The
committee named is as follows: Former
Chief of Police W. F. Fletcher, retired;
Captain "W. J. Petersen, S. H. Mltcheil.
J. P. Scanlan and William Quigley.
The officers of the association are:
President, Chief St. Clair Hodgkins: vice
president. Captain A. Wilson: treasurer,
A. Shorey; secretary, Leo Anurewa.
craft. Deftly they cast a line aroand a
deck timber and made fast to their boats.
"Let Kt> that line." shouted Honn."
"No spika EngUs'," replied th© Italian*
Acain did Hogan cry out and apaln cam
the evasive answer floating across thi
water.
Then the exasperated mate went inte
action. With a sharp-bladed ax he start*
ed to cut away the lines.
"Swish! swish!! swish!!!"
Down went Hogan under a fire of her*
rln^s that causrht him from all sides.
Back In their boats the fishermen'!
forces were deluging the ax-wleldlng
sailor with all sorts and conditions of her
rings. The deck of the Newark falr'.j
glistened with the scaly product of th«
sea. The mate maintained hia posltioc
and continued his single-handed battle.
As the steamer was abreast of Alameda
Point he was victor. In the wake of th<!
paddle wheels Hogan saw his vanquisher*
fishermen hoisting sail. "With a d*>flan»
wave of his clenched fist Hotcan retired
to his cabin to remove the stains of hij
hard earned victory.
ferry boats or other steam craft when
opportunity presented, thus savins the
time which would be consume l in sailing
by the more or less uncertain ¦winds. The
plan has proven so convenient to the
swarthy sons of the Mediterranean that
they strenuously objected a few days a*o
when the steamboat men about the harbor
decided to put a stop to the practice.
The first move against the fishermen
was made by Captain Frederickson of th*
Newark a few days ago. As he entered
the pilot house to start for San Francisco
the skipper observed a fleet of fishing
boats waiting to "hook on."
"See here, Hogan." announced the mas
ter, summoning his trusty mate, "if those
Italians try to tow out to-day, cast 'em
adrift. This steamer isn't in that busi
ness."
"Aye. aye. sir," cheerily responded Ho
gan. And he took station astern to await
developments. They came fast enough.
Hardly had th£ paddle wheHs started to
churn the muddy water before Gluseppi
Gaglioni hauled his smack alongside, fol
lowed by a bunch of comrade| with their
JOHN W. S. BUTLER. ELECTED
PRESIDENT OF THE SENIOR
CLASS AT THE UNIVERSITY.
LOTTERY MEN ARRESTED.— William John-
Bon and Charles Allen were arrested ,at 214
Pine i-treet yesterday afternoon by Lieutenant
Martin and .Sergeant Helms, the former for
keepln? and the lattrr for visitlmr a. lottery
tla.ee. The officers seized about 1000 tickets.
Eloper Read-? Goes Free.
OAKLAND.. Feb. 8.— The charge against
Charles M. Reade. -who eloped from Can
ada with Mrs. Lucy Allen, was dismissed
In the Police Court to-day becaus* of no
prosecution. Mrs. Allen has returned to
Canada with her husband.
COMPANY FORMED TO
DEVELOP OIL XiANDS
Has Secured Thousands of Acres
Near Tampico and Is Well
Backed Financially.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. ?.— Probably the
most gigantic enterprise ever originated
In the West to seek and develop oil la the
Mexican Petroleum Company, whose pros
pectus has Just been issued. The com
pany has 400,000 acres near Tamplco, Mex.,
and the land is valuable for vegetable
products as well as minerals.
The list of stockholders contains many
prominent names, including E. P. • Rlpley
of Chicago, president of the Atchlaon.
Topeka and Santa Fe; W. G. Xevln, gen
eral manager of the Santa Fe Pacific:
R. C. Kerens of St. Louis. E. D. Kenna
of Chicago, Aldace F. Walker of New
York: J. A. Muir of Los Angeles, division
superintendent of the Southern Pacific
Company; R. J. Waters of los Angeles,
Congressman of the Sixth District of Cali
fornia; Herman W. Hellman. vice presi
dent of the Farmers* and Merchants*
Bank of Los Angelea. and George C. Per
kins of San Francisco. United States
Senator. Machinery has already been
shipped from Pennsylvania, and Messrs.
Canfleld and Doheny. the well-known oil
men. have gone to the scene of operations
to start drlllin* for oiL
TWO WBJ5CKS IN NEVADA.
RENO. Feb. 8.— A Southern Pacific
freight train collided with a light en
gine twenty-four miles east of here this
morning at 3 o'clock. Xo one was in
jured, but one engine was badly
smashed. It resulted in delaying the
west-bound passenger several hours.
Two freight trains collided near Blue
Canyon at an early hour this morning,
piling up the cars so that the No. 6 east
bound passenger, due here at 8:30 o'clock,
did not arrive until after 3 o'clock this
afternoon. No one was hurt, so far as
known.
Macbeth Explains.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 8.— Assemblyman Macbeth
spoke briefly this afternoon to his col
leagues concerning his encounter with T.
Carl Spelling yesterday, and the charges
against him that appeared in some of the
papers in that connection. He said: "It
it due to this Assembly that I explain
my connection with the primary election
bill which Mr. Spelling asserts was filched
from his bill. I introduced the measure
at the request of Senator Davis. I had
nothing to do with the drawing up of the
bill and so stated to reporters and others
at the time. ¦- I ' say - this to put myself
right in this matter, and in addition. I
will say that I believe Senator Davis to be
the author of the bill in question."
Snow on Berkeley Hills.
BERKELEY, Feb. S.— Snow commenced
falling on the hills back of this city at
art early hour this morning, continuing
until 9 o'clock. By that time the top of
Grizzly Peak and surrounding hills were
white. A large number, of people ascended
Grizzly. The sun came out at 9:30 o'clock
and the snow disappeared before noon.
. A snowstorm on the hills is very rare.
Seven years ago about two inches fell
during one night and remained for several
days.
Laid Up for a Time Owing to
Mechanical Deficiencies. ~v
For the third time t.ie cylinder head of
the engine in the Market Street Railway
APPARENTLY NEEDS A ;
NEW CTXXINDER HEAD
Powell and Sacramento Street Lines
Used a Revolver.
. NOVATO. Feb. 8.— Sam Winters swora
to a complaint against Frank Valencia
this morning: charging him with an at
tempt to commit murder. Winters says
be was talking with Valencia, at Ignacio
last night when the latter began to abuse
him. Hot words followed and Valencia
drew a revolver and began firing. His
aim was bad. however, and Winters waa
soon out of range unhurt. Valencia is a
namesake and relative of Frank Valencia,
who phot and killed youn? McGreevy, a
San Francisco policeman's son. on tho
road between San Rafael and Fairfax
eight years ago.
COMMITTEE FAVORS
THE PURE FOOD BILL
CHARMS AUDIENCE
WITH HIS MANDOLIN
After Reconsideration Decides to Re
commend That Tyrrell's Res
olution Do Pass.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO, Feb. S.-The Senate Finance
Committee will recommend that the pure
food bill introduced by Senator Tyrrell of
San Francisco do pass. This evening the
bill, which had been passed upon adverse
ly, was recalled for consideration. James
P. Dockery. ex-Food Inspector of San
Francisco, spoke for the bill, and Senator
Tyrrell, its author, also said a few words
in its support. The bill appropriates
S30.000 to be expended In the proper in
spection of foods.
The Senate Finance Committee also
considered the bill allowing $5000 apiece
to W. W. Foote and R. G. Hayne for
legal services on behalf of the State in
the suit against the Railroad Commis
sion. The $5000 for Foote was knocked
out and that for Hayne was recommend
ed for passage.
The Ways and Means Committee of the
Assembly decided to-night to recommend
that the author of Assembly bill 243 be
permitted to withdraw it. This bill is the
one introduced by Macbeth, approprlatinsr
JM.OOO for a buUdlnjr for the San Fran
cisco State Normal School.
The committee will report Ray's Assem
bly bill 472. making an appropriation for
improvements in the Yosemlte Valley
without recommendation. The bill for the
claim of Ma.ior Jose Ramon Pico will be
reported without recommendation.
Siegel Presents Splendid Programme
at Y. M. C. A. Auditorium and
Wins Approval.
.Siegel, the great mandolin player,
charmed a large audience at the Y. M. C.'
A. Auditorium last evening. This pro
gramme, a rich and varied one, showed
the possibilities of the mandolin in tho
hands of a virtuoso. Mr. Siegel was as
sisted by Mary Chester Williams, vocal
ist, and Harry Hastings, banjo artist.
The programme^ the evening in full was
as follows:
(a) "Fantasle Medley," unaccompanied (Arr
Fleuel): <b) "Cradle Son*-." duo (Hauser)- (c)
"Reverie." unaccompanied; Harmonics, duo
duo with left hand pizzicato accompaniment anil
arpeggio variations, violin style (Siegel)* (d)
"Patrol": (e) "Medley of Popular Airs"; "De
light" (Luckstone). Mary Chester Williams.
"Polish Dance" (Scharwenka). Harry Hastings
fa) "Melody In F" ( (Rubinstein): (b) "Fanta
ele." Carmen (Bizet): (c) "Cavallerla Rustl
cana," Intermezzo (Mascagnl); (d) "Spring
Flower Gavotte." (e) "Witches' Dance"
(Siegel).
Contractor for New Morpue Building
Accused of Violating Provision
of the Charter.
Mayor Phelan directed the Board of
Public Works yesterday to stop work on
the new Morpue building, as he had been
informed by P. H. McCarthy, president of
the Building Trades Council, that Con
tractor Koenie Is using material from
"nine hour day" planing mills, against
the protests of organized labor. The
Mayor directs attention to the charter
section requlrinir work under contract to
be done by labor whose maximum time
of employment shall not exceed eight
hours a day.
The Mayor waited on the board and In
sisted on a strict compliance with the
law. He then delegated McCarthy to wait
on Koeni? and secure his promise to deal
with eight hour mills.
The City Street Improvement Company
notified the board that it would not ac
cept the contract to pave Washington.
Clay and Sacramento streets, on the
ground that it is a. violation of the char
ter to exact a surety bond from contrac
tors. The matter was referred to the
City Attorney.:
MUST PATRONIZE EIGHT
HOUB ITLANnrG-MILLS
An executive committee, of which John
C. Heenan is the chairman and Frank S.
Drady the secretary; was formed Thurs
day night at Hibernia Hall. This com
mittee will have charge of all the details.
Literary exercises will constitute the
afternoon feature at some local theater
yet to be selected. If the Mechanics' Pa
vilion can be secured there will be an
other affair, with all the features that
are interesting- to the natives* of the green
isle celebrating the memory of their
patron saint. Dancing will conclude the
evening. % >
IRISHMEN WIXL DO.
HONOR TO ST. PATBICK
Two Celebrations Scheduled for Af
ternoon and Evening of That
Cherished Day.
Two entertainments will mark the cele
bration of the coming St. Patrick's day.
ifcot Far.nie O'Ncil and then killed h!m
teir at the Rcfs Ho-jse a few nights ago,
las received telejrraphic instructions from
±e tfead man's mother to have her son's
soOy buried here. The cousin has ar
-ar-ged for a funeral on Sunday. Coroner
Uehnnarn will hold tb* Inquest to-mc -
row r.i^ht.
Attorney John M. O'N>!1. father of the
•rounded girl, arrived here to-day from
Treka. Dr. R. T. Etratton. who is attend
sg her, said there was no doubt about her
•ap'.d recovery. There will be an opcra-
Jon in a few days for the removal of the
sullet that lodged in her face.
OAKLAND. Feb. S.— Former School Di
rector H. C. Henderson of San Francisco.
I cousin of Burton K. Henderson, who
HEOTDEBSON'S BODY TO
BE BUB.IZD IN OAKLAND
Judp* Kerrigan granted Julia K. Jacobs
i divorce from Charles 8. Jacobs yester
!ay on the grround of cruelty. Jacobs con
lucts a candy buelnefs at 721 Larkin
rtreet. Mrs. Jacobs testified among othe-
Jilngs that her husband said "she wasn't
i woman, only a bag of wind." The d«r-
Tee was then jrranted. r>ecrees of divorce
wrt-T* al?i granted to Theresa Lalanrie
In the Divorce Court.
CLAIMS HE nATTEHED HEn.— Charles
Bolsdorff. bartender in the Faratosa saloon
was arrested yerterdav on a warrant charring
him with battery. The complaining witness
is Mm. Kate nooney. 2211 O*ary i=tre*t. and she
alleges that Rolsdorf. -who IIvm in the time
house, struck her Feveral time* yesterday morn
ing because she reprimanded him for calling
her boy vile names.
rtOY BUnGLAIt HELD.— Frank Allison the
bey who wa# caught breaking Into the. store
at 1119 Market street February 1 by Policeman
Tlllman, was held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Oabanlss yesterday on
a charge of attempt to commit burglary.
U.VITED STATES GRAND JCRT.— The
I.*nit<?d Ftates Grand Jury yesterday presented
a true bill of indictment against Anpelo Kleo
lc*i for having in his possession and passing
counterfeit dollars. The Jury ignored the
charges of cutting- timber on Government land
preferred acain-t J. W. Dunn. B. K. Warren,
John Carlson. Lewis Woodrnm, A. J. Carlllo,
Frar.k Champaneas and W. Z. Saunders.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
LOS AXGELES, Feb. 8.— Deputy Con
stable H. C. Banker of Burbank was ar
raigned before Justice James this morn
ing on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. Banker yesterday arrested
Peter Burns and three others at Bur
bank on suspicion that they were tramps,
though Burns is said to be a regularly
employed laborer on the Southern, Pa
cific's tunnel at Chatsworth Park. The
men attempted to escape and " Banker
opened fire on them, hitting Burns in the
back and inflicting a. wound which
would probably have proved fatal but for
the bullet glancing around the ribs. Con
siderable indignation is felt at Banker's
disregard for the value of human life
ar.d the District Attorney declares the
chare e wlU Lc pressed with vl«or.
Constable in Trouble.
BERKELEY. Feb. 8.— Senior class
officers of the University of Cali
fornia were elected to-day. They
will have the honor of being tho
representatives of the seniors
when that body Is addressed next com
mencement by President McKInley. They
will enter the world after exercises at
which the most distinguished personage
that has ever spoken at a like event at
California shall have delivered the princi
pal address of the day.
The class met to-day to nominate offi
cers, but as the nominations were unani
mous the secretary was instructed to cast
the ballot. The following were elected:
President, John IV. S. Butlfr; vice presi
dent. D. A. Gordenker; secretary, J. Alexan
der; treasurer, E. T. Ford; serjeant-at-arms,
E W. Roland: executive committee. Miss
Irene Taylor. Miss Blanche Clark. E. \V.
Alexander and Thomas Emerson.
President Butler is a student in the col
lege of social science. He has been close
ly Identified with university journalism,
acting as business manager on the Cali
fornian last term and holding different
staff positions on various college publica
tions. He is a member of the Kappa Al
pha fraternity and captain in the cadets.
He took part in his Junior day farce and
Is considered one of the best amateur act
ors in the college.
Butler Is one of the few married stu
dents. Last term during the enthusiasm
of the football season his baby son was
christened John California Butler by the
university rooters assembled at a bonfire
rally. John California's fame was made
on the spot.
MANILA, Feb. 8.— Sine© the arrest oi
Theodore Carranza and I>. M. Carman,
charged with, furnishing supplies to the
Insurgents, evidence has been rapidly de
veloping tending to show that not th«
Carman Company alone, but many busi
ness men In Manila, have been having re
lations with the Insurgents. The secret
service officers to-day report the capture
near Pagsanjan of three natives— Cosme.
Almonte and Llamos, members of Gen
eral Callles insurgent committee la that
district. Th© papers found on them were
so personally incriminating that they
were led to divulge damaging information
concerning Carman and others not ar
rested. Cosine acknowleged that he was
Carman » partner in insurgent trading.
Llamos has become distinguished by hla
oratory among the Filipinos.
The police learned that Fabello, ex-pres
ldent and ally of Carman In his Uguni
de Bay dealings, has $10,000 in insurgent
money deposited in the Spanish-Fllipfnc
Bank at Manila. The officers confiscated
this money.
New batches of Incriminating evidences
were received by the provost marshal to
day.
Carman was preparing a small ste&met
to carry him to Japan on the day follow
ing the night of his arrest. He says ha
was contemplating a trip for his health,
but asserts that his Intention was to ga
to Marivales, Luzon.
Many Business Men of Ma
nila Have Relations
With Enemy.
IN LEAGUE WITH
THE INSURGENTS
Company's power-house at Powell and
Mason streets blew out early yesterday
morning. The accident occurred just
about daylight, and gave the residents In
the vicinity a shock.
Engineer Harry Hook was handling the
throttle when the cylinder head made
a pyrotechnic display. A car was on the
track. Just going out for the morning run.
and glasses were shattered, both in the
car and neighboring buildings. Hook es
caped with slight wounds. Gripman
Burke and Conductor Shannon, who had
the morning run, insist that the rt.r of
which they were in charge was forced
from the tracks.
The immediate damage will approxi
mate about $1000. Traffic was delayed for
several hours en the line.
Carrick N. Hale.
TACOMA. Feb. &.— Carrick X. Hale,
grand secretary of the Grand Ix>dge of
Washington Odd Fellows, died suddenly
of heart disease at midnight last night
while participating in the ceremony of
conferring the golden rule degree at one
of the local lodges. He sank to the floor
and died instantly. Hale was born in
1K>6 near HiHfhurg. Sonoma County, Cali
fornia, where his parents still reside. They
were pioneers in that locality. Ills broth
er. John Hale, lives at Chlco. Cal.. as do
also two married Flsters. Mr. Hale orig
inally came here In 1S>7. and engaged in
the grocery business. In 1*96 he went to
St. Helena. Cal.. and spent two years,
later returning here. He leaves a widow
and two children.
General Prentiss.
BETHANT, Mo.. Feb. 8.— Oeneral May
berry Prentiss. one of the oldest surviv
ing generals of volunteers of the Civil
War. is dead here, uged 55 years. Ho was
known as "The Hero of Shiloh." He de
feated Generals Holmes and Price, at
Helena. Ark., on July 4. 1S62. He wa3
the last survivor of the Fitzjohn Porter
court-martial. He was in the volunteer
service in Illinois during the Mormon ex
citement In the early days.
Chris Sharp.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 8.— Chris Sharp, former
president of the Merchants* Exchange and
one of the most wJdriy known business
men In this section, died to-day, aged 56.
»
David H. McAlpln.*
NEW YORK, Feb. S.— David H. McAl
pln. the millionaire tobacco manufacturer,
died to-day from an attack of apoplexy,
aged 85.
MOUNT VERNON. Mo.. Fob. 8.-Charl<?3
Cooper, one of the oldest iron manufac
turers in Ohio, died to-day, ar-ed 'J2 year3.
Charles Cooper.
Mrs. Bowena G. Steele.
MERCED. Feb. S.-Mrs. Rowena G.
Sfele, a pioneer resident and writer of
this State, died at her residence in this city
last night. The deceased was a native
of Goshen, Orange County, Xew York.
At the time of her Jeath she was 77 years
cf age. She cune to this State In 1S5C,
and it -was here she began her literary
career. She wrote a number of novels
and ?ha has the distinction of being the
authoress of the first novel written by a
lady in this State. Mrs. Steele and her
husband published a newspaper in Placer
County in early days They also formerly
conducted the San Joaquin Valley Argus.
Mrs. Steele leaves two sons. Harry H.
Granice. a newspaper editor of Sonoma,
and Lee R. Steele of this city.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 8.
As the object of the labor unions In
wS^ 1 "^ the ° Ialm of Contractor
¦VVorthington on the city treasury was
merely to test the validity of the law
limiting a day's labor on public work to
oight hours they will not carry t nelr
fight against the contractor before the
Supreme Court.
rL ?u M^! rOy ° f C0Un?el for unions
end City Attorney Dow filed a stipulation
to-day stating that they would -waive
their right of appeal and accept Judge
Hall's decision as final.
Judge Hall immediately granted the
writ of mandate sued for by Worthtne
ton, ordering: the City Treasurer to pay
the amount of his contract. The money
was paid to-day.
At the conclusion of the hearing which
resulted in Judge Hall's decision that the
eight-hour.law is invalid the unions an
nounced that they would at once take an
appeal. This determination they ba«ed
£",, th - e ,, fact ., ll l at alth oush Judge Hall
had followed the Supreme Court in his
decision the personnel of that bodv has
changed since the ruling cited by jud*e
Hall was made. It was the hope of the
union? to obtain a reversal of the former
decision.
Their attorneys, however, thought It
wiper to abandon the old law and present
a new bill for enactment at this session
?v th « legislature. Therefore Contractor
A\ orthlngton was notified that no further
attempt would be made to prevent his
fecurinp the money on his contract.
_%\ orthlnpton replanked the city wharf.
He worked his men nine hours a day by
agreement- ' *
Will Endeavor to Secure the
Passage of a Better
Statute.
UNIONS ABANDON
EIGHT-HOUR LAW
ALA1IEDA. Feb. *.— In the future all
the lards, butters and certain compo
sition? that bakers use in the construc
tion of bread, pies, cakes and douphnuts
•win be scheduled on a blackboard In the
B^ard of Health rooms monthly, so that
everj' Interested consumer thereof may
eee for himself Just what such necessaries
•.re ss&de of. For the safety of the gren
¦eral pubile the Board, of Health has de
ciied that this should be done.
Food Inspector Carpenter has been in
structed to take samples of the lard or
Its substitutes used by the bakers. After
fcbrr.lTtlr.p them to a chemical and fire
test he wiil chalk the results opposite the
name of the baker from which they were
obtaJned. on the blackboard. In thin way
It is expected to compel the bakers to
•top using deleterious inpredlents.
The new order of the Board of Health
is th» result of an analysis of some so
called lard -which the Food Inspector cap
tured in a bakery* two weeks ago.
It turned out that it contained very
little else except bo<rf extract, the most
unwholesome Etuff. the doctors say. that
an Alamedan could eat Several other
samples were overtaken after the analy
sis of the first one had been completed
find they all showed the same symptoms.
The blackboard plan has worked well
with the dairies. Alameda was the first
to adept it. and other cities have followed
Ftilt. The milk is inspected monthly and
the lefts are posted, the result being: that
the city Is supplied with the purest milk
obtainable.
Monthly Inspection to Be
Made of the Alameda
Bakeries.
DOUGH MATERIALS
TO BE SCHEDULED
from Jean I^alanne for cruelty and Intem
perance. Henry Schult from Mary Schult
for infidelity. Madeline I,hulllier from
Charles Lhuilller for deFertion. Catherine
Z'mmer from John Zimmer for cruelty
and Maud Cooper from Georse A. Cooper
for neglect and intemperance. Suits for
divorce were filed by Edith Molsant
against John B. Moisant for cruelty, Em
ma Oliver aerainpt August Oliver for cruel
ty. Henry F. Bruns against Catherine
Bran? for desertion and Myron II. Shep
ard against Alice Jane Shepard for deser
tion.
BERKELEY, Feb. 8.-Hearst Hall will
b<* formally dedicated to the women stu
dents of the University of California to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The exer
cises will be held upstairs in the women's
gymnasium. After the programme is
completed a short Informal dance will be
held.
A dedicatory plate of oak will be un
veiled by the president's son, Benjamin
Ide- Wheeler Jr. Mrs. Hearst will be un
able to be present, but Mrs. Sanborn of.
San Francisco will speak in her behalf.
The following is the dedicatory pro
gramme:
Opening selection. University band: a<ldres«.
¦President Wheeler; musical selection. Choral
Society; address, "The Past." Mrs. M. T.
Cheney, '83; response, Muriel Eastman. '01;
dedicatory address. Mrs. Sanborn; unvMllng
dedicatory plate; prayer. Professor Bacon; se
lection, quartet; selection. University band;
dancing.
Miss, Agnes Frlslua, president of the
Associated Women Students, has ap
pointed the following reception commit
tees:
To receive downstairs— Misses Evelyn Rat
cliff, Mary Bentley. Florence Preble. Ruthella
Here. Rowena Moore. B. Clarke. Edna Owen,
Irene Hazard. F. E. BerKhauser. Marfruerlte
Krench Zoe Larklns. Adelle Lewis, Cmma
Stoer V C. Mtlledsce. Brownie Brownell. Irene
Taylor Anne Jennings, Muriel Eastman, C.
C Piper. Flora Baclgalupl. Annabel Wenzel
burtrer. To receive In the ladles' room— Misses
O Woods K. B. Foster. Florence Mayhew.
M* L Thorpe Grace Barnett. Edna Wemple.
Ada Lamb, Maude Schaeffer. E. Jam<?son,
Palsy Steele, C Day, T. Le Conte. Elsie Leale,
L Kellogg Emma Hammond. Isabel Godln,
Eva Bramlet. P. E. BroWn.
President Ralph Fisher of the Associ
ated Students has appointed the following
ushers to appear in military uniform:
John Eehleman. J. It. Pinkham. R. 8.
Springer. Mr. Robs, Reuben Hunt, F. M.
Allen. J. 8. Ross.
Students.
Will Be Dedicated to Use
of University Women
OAKLAND, Feb. 8.-Mate Hog3n
of the steamer Newark Is the hero
of the day among the men that
plow the deep between Oakland
and San Francisco. The first offl
• cer came off victorious in a fierce
encounter with a dozen Italian fishermen
after be had withstood for half an hour
a bombardment of fresh herrinss that
would have driven a less valiant fighter
down to a disgraceful defeat.
It all occurred because Mate Hogan had
learned to obey orders no nr.atter what
the result. The lads from suryiy Italy
who made his life a burden for a brief
thirty minutes were brave enough in their
way, but It was Hogan's way until he
finally forced a capitulation by a dex
trous stroke.
There are a dozen flshlnc boats which
sell their catch in Oakland. The thrifty
fishermen have been accustomed to steal
ing a tow out of the harbor astern of the
FORMAL OPENING
OF HEARST HALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1901.
Ffr-st Officer of the Ferry Steamer Newark Scores a Hard- Fought
Victory Over a Horde of Italian Fishermen Who Resent
an Attempt to Make Them Cast Off Tow Lines
FIERCE BATTLE OF "HERRINGS"
IS FOUGHT AND WON BY HOGAN
TWO SUSPECTED FOOTPADS AR
RESTED BY THE ALAMEDA PO
LICE.
11
THE DAY'S DEAD,
For a Cold in the Heal
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets." y, f • '
The Best Natural Aperient Water.
1UE3Fa3i J»§ Acts |^|i|s:
It Is A Wonderful Remedy For Those Suffering With
Constipation and Hemorrhoids.
Over 1,000 Physicians (many of the most famous In the world) Testify To This.
It acts without eivins rise to intestinal irritation, and acts speedr, *nre sad gentle.
Averace Dose: H tumblerful one half hoar before breakfast nill cause aeoploas
evacuation, without bringing any discomfort to the patient.
BEWAUE of Snbstltate* and ALWAYS ASK. for the ITLL NAME
BLUE LABEL and RED CENTRE PANEL on BOTTLE.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something" outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
dreggists; all sorts of people are
tsiac it-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1901.
12
BAA FRAXCISCO CALL.
BCSTtCESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Can. corner of Market and Third streets; open
tntll 13 o'ctocic every ni«ht In the year.
THATCH OFFICES— 53 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:33 p. ra.
g» Hayes Ftteet: epen until 5:39 P- tn.
€33 McAlMfter ttreet: open until 8:30 p. m.
615 Lnrkin street; open until »:S8 p. m-
in\ Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m. .
rm Market Etreet, comer Sixteenth; open j
until ? p. tn.
ZCT, Eleventh Ftreet; open until 9 p. m. :
Z"Si Valencia rtreet; open until ? p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- 1
t'.ifky streets: open until 9 p. ra. _ j
MEETIXG NOTICES. j
EXCELFIOR Ln<lRi" No. ICC. F. and A. fjL
M.— Si-vlal meeting THIS I?AT!"K- I
DAY) EVKXJXG. F.b. 9. at 7:S0 J^X ;
o'clock. Second <3e^r<»e. '
THEO. E. SMITH. Pec. j
EXCELSIOR Depxw Lodge No. 2. -^VJS_> i
I. O. O. F. — U««gu!ar meeting =gS3£S= !
THIS (PATfKDAY) EVENING. j
Becood degree.
A. K. KINGPFORD. D. M.
NOTICE of stockholders' meetine— A special j
• meeting of the stockholders of the Honolulu •
Fupar Company Is called <^r and will be ,
>-(I<3 at the office of the company. No. S!T ;
Market st.. Fan Francisco. Cb!.. on MON- !
I 'AY. February 1*. 1^1. at Il:S0 o'clock a. I
tn.. for the purpot-e of considering a propo- I
sitlen to dirsolve the corporation and to con- :
f'.der *uch other t"»:?!r>ess &s may come be- 1
tore the meeting. By order of the President,
xE. H. SHELDON.
Secretary Honolulu Sugar Company.
r>otf-d San Francisco. Fet— jary I. 1901.
THE nr.nusl meeting of the stockholder! of
the Ficrra P.a'Iway Company of California
vciA be held at the office of the company. •
ruirber ?£> Crocker building. City and County J
nf Pan 7"rancl«co. State of California, on •
MONDAY, the 11th day of February. 1901. at ]
the hnur cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose |
rf electing directors for the cr.sulng year and j
the transaction cf euch otier business at may j
ecroe before said meetinr
S. M. KICKET. Secretary.
T)«te<i .Tarvarv Z*. 19C1. _______
AGENTS WANTED. i
AGKNTS — Authentic and crmp'et* life of Queen j
Victoria; outfit rea<'.y; send If' cr.ts for post- j
nge: t>e*t Ixxiks; most liberal terms. R. It j
PATTERSON. 42? Montgomery St.. city.
AGENTS — Big m->n«»y: write quick: county j
right free. AMBKOty-:. l'.2S Market St.. 6. F. j
AGENT, larpe incom*. as representative nf
Inca! manufacturer. Write to box 1616. Call.
AM'II \LTIM KOOFIX6.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
iTire.i; r-ostal. 11SS Mission: tel. Fo'.som 1607. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; <3!vcrre law a Fpeclalty; private; i
v.o fee without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, any at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton, j
FIUNK \V. flllTH, mining and probate law a '¦
tspetUitT. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir. ; tel. Red 3616. •
AIA'ICE free;' no charge unless successful. XV. !
W. DAVIDSON. S£7 Market St.. cpp. Mason, j
L P. CLAKK, Emm* Spreckels bldg.. SZ7 Mar- I
Wet ft.: conm'taticn free: no fees In advance. !
HO HIDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — A baby to board; good home. SI j
f^outh Tark.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 small ;
children tn board: eood c»re. ZZii 16th st.
BISI.VKSS CHANCES.
A— flNS; SALOON estab. many years and good :
paying: located close to Hall of Justice; full-
est inve-Ftipttion solicited; this is a rare
chance. Call II. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. .'
A— $TCO; half Interest in one of the beet saloons '
en water front: rarty must be honest ar.d !
po™i business man. Call R. G. W1LKK, 2S'i '
lveair.y st.
A GKNKKAL merchandise store; about 30 miles I
frcm S. F. ; estab. many years and doing a ;
first-class paying business; price J4000; a very ¦
rare chance ar.d fullest Investigation solicited. ,
Gall It. d. WILKE. TC'i Kearny tt. ,'
A— J'"P: DAXBT produce and delicacy stand: In j
leading market of city; rent J15; good paying;
ptrtsen can't agree. It. G. Yt'lLKE. 26^ I
Kearny pt. J
A— !</'•; SALOON, with mercantile lunch; also ;
Jivir.K roome; among the wholesale houses;
low rer.t; good business. Call R. G. WILKE. '
2Stt Kf-arny et.
A— J27Z.0: SALOON, few doors south of Market I
ft. ; place kept by owner 12 years and is do- i
jn^ a coed business; sickness only cause of ,
Mle: r.et rent g& Inquire P.. G. WILttE, :$4 j
Kearny st.
A— tT.J): SALOON; rent JSO; place doing a busi-
r.»*s nf J700 per month : patronized br sailors
snd soldiers; about $3M) cleared in 20 days j
rail R. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny st. ;
A— I'W; TEA. coffee and crockery store, on !
ftfekton St.: rent %iZ: living rooms; fixtures ,'
f.nd stock will invoice the urice: owner *n- '•
need otherwise. Call Ii. G. WILKE. ;6 l i ¦
Ker.my 6t.
A— JSOO: CORNER fc-Jtcher fhon. In northsrn j
ran of city: rent J20: horse, cart: selling 4 ;
catt'^ an<3 abo'it 15 sh#>*»p p*>r we«»k; a cash •
" en-torn. Call U. G. WILKE. 2SU Kfamy Et. '
A-O2M: RESTACBAKT and coffee saloon I
clcfe to Union Iron Works: rent $00; 4 years' ;
lease: a firyt-cia^s paving business: ownei !
rruft l^ave for N. V. to settle «"Ftat«»: inves- '
ticste snd make effer. R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny st.
I'AKTNEIl war.te<1 In a larre. old-established •
profitable bufinrs?. controlling; a rood. Fafe. i
foii<! and reliable trade; owinfc to retirement
of fcrnifr manager owner has decided to sell '
nn Sntcr^t to an acceptable party: duties '
v::i b« %h" keeping of accounts and assist- '¦
Inp generally in the management of the bus!- |
nepp; one accustomed to horse* preferred;
capital re<ru:red *- 000 tc RMOQ; full value ia ;
6'cht; books and business open for Jnvestija- ¦
•.kn. J. W. Donnelly & Co.. t?2 Market st. ]
A partnership: pr3ftab> busir.e**; cash capital |
required i:::r: bal. can be paid from profits. 1
Particulars DONNELLT CO.. 632 Market.
A PMALL hotel, 3 months' free trial 11503 '
<~ie«r More, excellent 3^0 ;
TSestaurantw. can<iy FtoreF. delicatessens. I
branch b.-jkerief". little Ftores b!p stores all :
prices. SI. GRIFriN. 719 Market, r 1 & 2.
TO buy or Bell Hpar stores, bakeries, reftau-
rpnl*. Fafoonp. butcher shor>i> or business of
any kind see l^ureka Heal KstaTe Co.. 28 Cth.
tr/i-PARTNEUSHIP; ran make :_4 a month!
riWant occupation. «al. Hus. Asstn, 8C5 Mkt.
IVKbTlO&M NAVIGATION COMPANY—
The oprninp of the new century seems a pro-
pitious time to Ir.aup-urate a r.ew transporta-
tion <-orr.pj>riy. The traffic business of Cali-
fornia i« rxp'-rioneiriR an c xtraorilinary im-
iwtus= a? en effect or the good tlir.e «r_tsb in
o*»rtais;Ir upr.n Uf.
i'r.ixnlr.f- Wm. T. Foreman and Wm. S
.Toy, vetenm In their line. have, with a sub-
stantial liEckir.jr. orpanizsd the fTestera Navi-
patlon Company, and on the 24th day of No-
vember. 1*09; incorporated under the laws of
Arizona.
The officer- of the company ore: Wm. T.
r"n=ma;i, prrFicient ; P. M. Fponcpr. vice prefl-
<1rrt : E. C. V.VInreich, secretarv; Wm. S.
.Iry. tr<-a«urer; depository. Bank of I) O
Mills: agfnt «t Phoenix. Arizona. Is Hon.
<"has. H. Akr-rF. secretary of Arizona; At-
trmeys. f'hickerlTs &• Gregory.
. At the company's office may b<» seen a list
of r^fcrencr". The car-ftal ptock is three
hundred thousand, divided into Fix thou-
sand rliarcf of the par value of fCO jx-r
hhare: the t-tock is absolutely non -assessable
and the individual liability i« limited to the
amount inverted. A rhare of this Ftock Is as
Ko«'d *if « bond; there is no freeze-out process.
The field of operation is wide, the manage-
ment is in the hands of men familiar with
water trar^ncrttition and th<* moment for
?Biinchir.(? the r.ew enterprise is auspicious.
Th's is a thoroughly practical business enter-
prise nnd a Kilt-edce investment. The com-
pany has the proojs. th» absolute proofs, to
Khow Innstan the enormous profits of river
Fteambo3tir.p. and rpFpectfully invites lns;»ec-
t'.on. The steamer F. M. Rmith will be placed
r~n the Alviso route about the I5th day of
FebruaTj".
Epecin inducements to lnv«"tors are tn be
had £t the office of the company. 137 Mont-
cmery st.. room 11.
GROCERT clearing lint) monthly, or one-hnff
In" rest to satisfactory party; a soar: filck-
n^ss compel* imm*<!latp sale; pplpnrlid loca-
tion; customer route; good horse
3rd v.-rpon; ?M3 onsh register, J75 scale;
mher fxturcs to match: low rer.t; $ir.vr or
wi'.l i*!l at inventory. KING'S Real Estate
4r,7 Ninth ft.. Oakland.
Ton sale— Candy and ico cream parlor; fine
. fiiturcs; also tools for manufacturing candy
rnd Ice cream freezers ami packer; no rca-
fcnable rflrr rKuFpfl: tnun -*»11 on account
nf elckness; make an offor. F. SMITH. S'O
Hayes st. • ;„
FOR rale— Half Interest In valuable comraer*-
clal patent: purchaser must devote some time-
owner eannet. Box K.10, Call office.
jjion— HEST creamery, with dairy produce?
candy, etc.. horse arid wapon : daily receipts
<.v*>r J40: trial given. Pox l.V.2. Call.
WILL pell very reasonable half or whole flrft-
ol&ss lunch restaurant; ?ood location; low
rcrt; partners disagree. Box 3H1S, Call.
AN energetic partner with S.VKM to purchase
onr-thlrd JntereFt in ft profitable mercantile
buisinoss. Address Confidential, box 17S5, Call.
Fort ren'/^CiKar etand for lady. 113 Third ft.
1"^— PARTNER wanted In small restaurant; $10
monthlyj no experience required. 496 4th st.
EHAN'CH bakery, delicacies, candies; uood bus-
iness; fine rorims ; cheap rent. Box 1514, Call.
Ff'U «ale— Paper routes in country town. Box
ITfK CnU office. - ; .-iS:'.
BUSINESS CHAKCES COyTIOTEDy
GOOD paying, old -established lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, eto
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
FOR SALE— Buildings and lease, 346 McAllis-
ter et. ; first-class location. for wagon shop;
now used for cnrrlage and wagon repair
shop. Inquire S46 McAllister St.
AA-J400: GRAND opportunity for lady or gent:
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 23d ave. station, E. Oakland.
FOR eale A half interest In an established,
paying drayage business. For full particu-
lars address Box 15C3. Call office.
TOBACCO ard cigar store, with living rooms;
established: price $100. Box 1S0O, Call office.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for 6ale. Apply
Call Business Office.
$l7;0— CORNER day saloon; good location;
good reason for selling; no agents. Box 1767,
Call effice.
PBOF. JOHN TILTON— Rheumatism, sprains
and bruises cured; 1*> years experience. Par-
rctt blug.. 4th fir., rms. 475-47C; 10-12 m, 1-3 p.
FOR sale — Millinery business •established 9
years; nn«* location: great bargain. For par-
ticulars inquire of MRS. E. E. BANGS,
htockton. Cal.
FOR sale— A good store fitting and carpenter
phop: half Interest or the whole thing; well
established. Box 1710. Call office.
TO lease-Unfurnished, hotel. 21 rooms, good-
paying bar, at Ean Rafael station. Owner. 11
Lyon st.. San .Francisco.
FOR eale cheap— A complete patent brick
plunt. Address Rldenhour Brick Co., Hilton,
Sonoma County. Cal.
FOR sale— V.'ell improved vegetable garden
with stock and all farming implements . on
easy terms. Address box 1760, Call office.
CANDY, cigar and stationery store; laundry
cfilce: those meaning business. G03 Post st.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; daily re-
ceipts about $00. Call at place, 410 Kearny.
fC'*— CANDY store; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. 209. 12 m. to 1 p. m.. and 5 to 6:30.
$30 WINS J300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LAUGK Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
CO P.OOMS; newly furnished: rent $150. i $3000
37 rooms; money-maker: near Market 1900
20 rooms: Van Ness; finely furn.: extra.. 9oO
]" rooms; Lo-avenworth; rent $0" 50 900
10 rooms, $r.O; 10 rooms, quick SiiO
Grand barg— In: 14 rooms; steady roomers;
clears {65 over all expenses: fine furniture;
fine carpets. FISHER & CO.. 1PS2 Market.
MARION GRIFFIN,
713 Msirket ft., near CaIi bldg.. Tel. black. 1S03.
Over f.OO houses for sale: please call: 10 rooms,
rent J3S. income 160. J3S0: 27 rooms, nice, in-
come IC50. fine furniture, c-vner leaving city.
reduced from J2000 to IISOO: 17 rooms, n. Mar-
ket, easy terms, respectable, $700; 22 rooms,
rent SCO, must be gold, $1000.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice 1 . I have larg-
est list cf lexiging-hcuses and hotels: can suit
all buyers: title given with each house sold;
money leaned buyers; no fake prices; before
buylr.g call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-S. 917 Market St.: tel. Mint 1911.
J400^LODGING house: 16 rooms: full of perma?
nent roomers: bargain en account of other
business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
S40O— LODGING house: 16 rooms; full cf perma-
nent roomers; bargain on account of other
businers. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market.
A— 3S MCALLISTER rt.. fine bay-window
house; the best neighborhood in the city:
finely furnished: handsome chiffonier, bras'*
and Vr>k b?d«; clears J30 over rent; $:50 cash;
1130 on mcrtpage; no ajents^
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
we have them in any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, IS
Sixth st.
BUYING and sellins Udgir.g-houEes. busings
place? a specialty: hcurs 2 to 4. HAYNES,
11 City II&U square. ¦
j^4!> — 11 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented: Sc# rer.t. BAS1LE, 3 Eddy st.
SS'io— IS ROOMS: good furniture; rent $44: pays
'well: always fuU; going away. Box 17S9. Call.
TO buy or poll business chances or lodging-
houses. §ee ANDREW PRICE. 30 Kearny st.
CHEAPF.ST and best In America— The Weekly
Call IC pages sent to anv address In the
Cnited FtRT-s or Canada one year for $1,
P'-'ftnge paid. ___________
spiniTUALisjr.
'5r<=~1VE:STF:R— Readings. fOc; circle every eve
ex. Sat.. 10c; devcl. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
EARLE. S05 Taylor ;-t.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
jms J J WHITNEY, trance, bus.mertlum.llfe
reailer, medical clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
MP.S. GILLINGHAM— Hours. 9 to 4; meetings
Ture.. Thur.. Sun.: dovcL Frl. eve. 335 Larkin.
MRF. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1101 Market, room 14.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
fcraler and rard reader. 14G Eddy st.
C. Mnyo-Stoeri", lllH Oak St., trance medium:
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 527.
FP.IENDSHIP Hall. 323 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; te^ts to all to-night :10c.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 15 pages, sent to any address In the
I'nllffl Ftatp* or Canada one year for $1.
CI,A IRVOVAXTS.
mme. m. Bernard! ~"
the famous
Clairvoyant ar.d business medium. 17 Third st.,
next Examiner building. She reads your life
correctly, gives en accurate description of the
part, reveals the prfpent happenings and por-
trays c-vpTtts to occur IP the future. If you are
in trouble, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled In life, or have doir.estic. love or business
troubles, consult this irreat medium and you
will be told how to overcome them. Valuable
advice in all affairs of life; Zic up; perfect sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist: she
v.-ill reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
vice can be relied up<jn In all business affairs,
faies of pit) petty, oil. mln«s and lawsuits: do
you want a hr-tter position? Call and learn how
to get it. MRS.E.SANDERS.1104 Market, r. 2S.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket it., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23
and 2S; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; #end stamp for pam-
pfclft with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
i MME. POUTER, wonderful clair\-oyant & card
; rtaiier, born with double veil— second sight;
! diagnores disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
: Rents $': palm! ar.d clalr. sit. M T.O. 126 Turk.
! IFMAR. tlip Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
¦ palmi?t. permanently located 1148 Market, op.
¦ <"th. privntt* readings Amity, 19 a. m. to 5 p. m.
• MMK. LAROPE. beyt clairvoyant, card reader.
1 free tests Be up. 472 Stevenson «t., cor. Sixth.
i MMK. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
'' prpwr.t. future; 23c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
' MMK. SCHAFFEH. clairvoyant, card reader;
; sittings daily. 448li Jessie st.. bet. Sth & 6th.
ITURS. VALEEN. palmist, clairvoyant, card
! reader ar.d magnetic henler. 213 Leavenworth.
i MRS. Meivlll. v.-ell-knrwn clairvoyant, water
i reader. 11. 6th;Germa!i spoken;tel. Howard 1S45.
i MRP. D. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune
I teller, has removed to 222 Eddy st.
] MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
I palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. H49 Mission.
I 1 ¦
i MRS E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
I dlum: mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10..
! MME. 7.EUEDA. the gypsy. Ik the great palm-
I 1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh Bt.
I 1IME. SYP.ILLE-Cradle to grave: future hus-
. band's picture 2T>c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st,
j MME. RAVENNA reads life fluentlv; business
I advice: rinmes given: rr> ur>. 5 Fourth Ft.
1 CARPET DEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
i WHEN' you become disgusted with poor work
i rend to" SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
: Ing Works. 2.'j3-3.">7 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
i STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie S44.
I J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
i vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth ft.: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main SS4. OEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chtl-
j blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
i COLLECTION OFFICES.
j GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
; lets fuecesyful. Room S10. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES WANTED.
! A 4-ROOM cottage; gas, bath and stable; state
• rent. Box 10CC, Call.
DENTISTS.
ATtheiEL^CT^O^E^TALCLliNIC, 809 Ma£
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 E0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. ro. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. . See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 W); fillings, 50c; plates,
$5. full set: all work painless and warrAited.
Chicago I'enta) Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. £0 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1143 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from T8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
THH New York Dentists have' moved to 969
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
. and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless ¦extraction. 60c. I
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. ?4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. II. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, thirds floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN" VROOMV Painless 1 '; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. _____________
EDUCATIONAL.
E^ETrn^^c^oxr^r^v^usTN^sT^coi^
LEGE. 1236 Market St.; Individual Instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
XESS COLLEGE. 3236 Market St.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening: $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; J54 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical -and mining engineering, etc.: day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract,
nnd can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. *
MINING school of H. Hirschlntr. S34 Kearny st..
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxlva-
tion, mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. IS04.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ELOCUTION, physical training, voice culture
for speech. Calhoun's School, 625 Sutter st.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl, reliable teacher. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION-PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn.: domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. : est.
1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 415 Devisadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks. \y^lters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI *'CO.. 411 Post 6t. ; tel. Bush 133.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. E26 O'FarrtU st.: tel.. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinose employment of-
fice; all kinds h»lp. 315 Stockton: Main SIRS.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. E44 California; phene James 2C01.
OKPHEL'M Employment Ornce— Japanese. Chl-
r.ese help. 42G Powell. nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best h<»lp. 411^ O'Farr«»n ft.; tel. East 426.
EJIPLOYjrENT AVAATED FEMAMj;. 1
TWO Danish girls wish situations to~do~cook^
Ing and housework In American family; If
possible would like to work together; city.
Call before 3 o'clock. S10 Mission st.
AN experienced, dressmaker in Indies' and
children's clothes, also ladles' evening dressep.
will accept engagements In families at $1 23
per day; references. 1213 Webster, near Ellis.
A COMPETENT woman with no Incumbrances
desires working:- housekeeper's position In
widower's family; smail wages. Call or ad-
dress l."S Fifth St.. room 12.
A GOOD strong woman wishes work by day:
good laundTeBu, good cook; any kind t>f work
in the house; not afraid to worlx Box 1516,
Call.
WO1IAX wants work by the day; washing,
ironing or housecleanlng: $1 per day. 326
Minna Et.
YOUNG woman with experience In large cor-
poration desires position as clerk. Address
box 1513. Call office.
AN elderly Protestant woman; first-class Amer-
ican cook; elegant baker; clean and careful;
small family; wages $3 a week. 770 Harrison.
A RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day.
nursing or housekeeping. 1C62A Mission st.
YOUNG woman wishes to d.o housework. In
good family. Apply 1263 Broadway. nr..Hyde.
COOKING to do by young American woman
fcr 13 or 12 men. in country; will go to Ari-
zona or Oregon, or In the mountains; wages
t25 to ?35. Box 1766. Call office. '
YOUNG woman would like a place for Monday
or Tuesday for washing. Ironing or house-
work; $1 25 and car fare. Box 1794, Call office.
WOMAN to go out housecloaning; $1 23 day;
will take centlemen's wash and mending.
MRS. G.. 335 Fourth st.
WOMAN wants place for general housewdVk.
67 Tllden St., corner Fifteenth, near Castro.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation with
small family. 127 East st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Rt.. near Mar-
Uet— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 00 night. $1 SO to $6
week; convenient and respectable; frea 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FllImorB St.
I EMPLOYMENT AVANTKD — MALE.
YOUNG married man wants work of any kind:
wholesale house or factory preferred ; best of
references. Box 1621, Call office. •
COMPETENT middle-aged man wishes situa-
tion to care for horses; cood driver; good
gardener; handy with tools. Box 1507. Call.
?'AN: caretaker; reliable; handy with tools;
used to horses, stock, garden, etc. Box 20S6,
Call office, Oakland.
»
A SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants a
situation ns dishwasher or kitchen band In
Fmall hotel, boarding house or restaurant.
Address Box 1791, Coll office.
A YOUNG man of 24 wants work nt anything;
would like to drive a delivery wagon; can
furnish good Becurlty. J. M., 130B Church s,t.
YOUNG man would like position In wholesalo
house as porter or drive delivery wagon; Eood
references. Address M. 1104 Larkin et.
SOBER young man wishes position as driver:
can drive 2 or 4-horse team; experienced
driver. Address II. box 17S3, Call office.
STEADY, sober young man wants situation; 4
years" experience at printing: would like to
learn electrical manufacturing. Box 1302. Call.
GARDENER wants position: handy with car-
penter tools. J. H. EICHELBERGER, 417
Kearny st.
YOUNG man wishes position as elevator
operator; can give first-class references. Ad-
dress E. M. W.'. 554 Natoma st.
WOULD ltke to take charge of rooming house
In popular part of city. Add. box N 17S6, Call.
A WILLING young man of good habits from
the country would like to get some work to
do. Address FRANK JONES. 737 Howard St.,
San Francisco House, room 20.
A SOBER, reliable, married man desire's a po-
sition of any kind: is handy with tools and
a good engineer: good references. Address
box 1604. Call office.
EXPERIENCED farmer and dairyman desires
position as foreman; good references. F. W..
box C4, Benlcia. • •.
GOOD carpenter wants work, either by day or
take jobs; good references; give address. A.
P.. Frultvale. Cal. .
GOOD cabinet maker wants position; has bench
and tool&c no union man. 249 Seventh st. -
A BRANCH of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
I Valencia st.'
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. ?44 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave/; 5 and 6
rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements..
Apply G. H. UMBSEN* & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. . ' " ,
A DESIRABLE sunny upper flat; 5 rooms and
bath; good condition; $16. 41 Langton st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWEP. flat of 3 rooms. 1238 Bush; free water;
rent $11.
TWO unfurnished flats. C Martha place, off
Geary, between Mason and Taylor.
2 FINE new flats for rent; $14 and $16. 1209.
1211 Sanchez st.
FLATS TO LET— FITRNISH23D.
FLAT to rent; furniture for sale; new and
elegant; 7 rooms and bath. Key room 12S
Murphy building. 1236 Market St.
UPPER sunny flat, five rooms and bath: rent
$35. 2219 Devisadero St., corner Washington.
FURNITURE FOU . SALE.
*~ROOMS fUTOlsn7aMn~oak~$4TE0. with No 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W. E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln;tel.Polk 894;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
'liELr WANTED — VEAALE.
AT C. R. HANSBN % X*CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, same country hotel, short dis-
tance in country, fare advanced. C. R.
IIAKSEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
5 WAITRESSES, commercial hotels, $25 R.nd
(20, fare here: head waitress and 5 waitresses,
city; head waitress and waitress, country,
$45; 2 waitresses. Salt Lake City, $25, fare
advanced; chambermaids and chambermaids
to wait, city; 3 more chambermaids, Los
Angeles and Coronado Beach. ?20 and half
fare paid; scrubber and chambermaid. Insti-
tution, $20 each.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook for 4 men. 6hort distance, see party
here; woman with a child, country, *20; cook,
nice place, country. t30. see party here at 10
a. m. ; chambermaid and do mending. $25;
second girls, $20 and $25; mirseglrls, $20 and
$25; housogirls, cooks. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, country. $22 50, fare paid; 8
waitresses, south, and commercial hotels, $20;
8 waitresses, city, $20; 2 charnbcrmalds to
wait. J20; woman cook. $30; chambermaid, 17
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
25 cooks and houseglrls, $20 and $25; second
girl, Santa Cruz, $20: second girl, city, $20
and $25. and many others.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Chambermaids, city, $17 60; waitresses, coun-
try hotels, $20.
PRACTICAL Millinery School: established 12
yrs.; trade taught: class now forming; terms
easy; references given. 1107 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Girl for Becond work and to assist
s with grown child. Call N. E. cor. Broadway
and Stelner sts., after 1 p. tn.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. 2 j
Sophie terrace, off Pine. j
E0 EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' silk !
waists. S. F. MFG. CO., 409A Turk st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; reference.
Call forenoon, 1039 Ellis st., corner Gough.
A NEAT young girl for light housework. 2777
Twenty-fourth st.
HOTEL Ilepelier, 781 Sutter nt.— Stewardess
wanted; aho waitresses.
YOUNG lady for partner, to learn rings, tra-
peze; weight S5 to 125. Box 1517. Call office.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAEL'S. 531 Mission.
LADY who Unow3 something of Japanese art;
ralarj'- Call between 2 and 4, room 0, 5 Mar-
ket st.
OPERATORS and riveters on overalls. HEY-
XEJIANN & CO.. 410 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators on
shirts. BRENNER-ULMAN CO., ID Battery.
OPERATORS on laftles' underwear to »work
In factory. 723 Market St.. room. 35.
WANTED— A. wet nurse; must be a strong,
healthy woman. Box 1795, Call office. j
Al FINISHER on cloaks. M. SIMINOFF. 1228
Market st.
WANTED— Girl for shooting gallery. 424 Du-
pont st., call 11 a. m.
GIRL for general housework: wag»s $20. 433
Fair Oaks st.. corner Twenty-fifth.
CLASSIFIED ndverttsoments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY~&~~R^ADY7rrrr.?hOTie~Tlalin~584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Mechanical help.. ....Gold Miners
Foreman for solar salt plant $100
Engineer for steam launch, steady Job
$45 and fd.
3 machine miners, see boss here
$2 7a day and board
2 miners, gold quartz mine
j....$S2 SO and fd., fare paid
Band saw filer. Oregon, see boss here. ...$100
Pond man for lumber company $52
Youni? man, country store, German or Swiss
$25 and fd.
Butler and wifp see boss here
Choreman for Marln Co., see boss here
$25 and fd
Farmer, small ranch, Santa Cruz Co.; stable-
man, San Mateo Co., se> boss here; 4 farm
hands: 3 pruners: 2 milkers.
Bartender, country hotel, $20 and fd., see
boss here 8:30 a. m. to-day
Baker, small mining camp $35 and fd.
MURRAY ¦& READY 631-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cake baker, country shop, }50; hotel baker
and pastry cook, $60; Ironer, hotel laundry,
$35; waiter, near city. $S a week; dishwasher,
country hotel, $23.
Foreman fcr lime rock quarry. $2 50 to $3
a day: foreman, solar salt plant, $3 a day:
farmer, near city. $30; German couple as
butler and cook, private family, $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BARTENDER wanted for night work: good
city mixer Only. HANSEN. 777 Market St.
A- WANTED
5 pruncra for vineyard, JIG nnd board; milker,
near city., see boss here. $25: American milk-
er, $25; stableman, small place, country, $20 ]
and found; middle-aged man for hotel, S15
and found; grafter for orchid, J2G. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay St. •
MEN seeking employment with good refer-
ences will find it to their advantage to con-
sult this office; restaurant work a specialty;
cook, waiter and dishwasher at once. JOHN-
SON'S office. 135 East St.. tel. Main 1656.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2fi Montgomery, rm. 12.
Pastry cook, $65; waiter. $30.
A— 5 carpenters, non-union; no office fees. Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
. Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary.
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the barber trade, tn two months, saving two
years: mailed free; we have no 5c shop in
connection with our college. Moler's Barber
College. 635 Clay st.
GOOD, strong, honest boy. Holmes Book
Co.. 1149 Market st. _^
WANTED— An experienced milk wagon driver.
14CSV£ Devisadero st.
WANTED — A cood barber for Saturday. 522
Fourth st. ¦
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth
street.
WANTED— Cabinetmaker. 410 Kearny St.,
room 15; call 2 o'clock Sunday.
WANTED— Man to do porter work In ealoon.
2C0 Clay Et.
DILLON, with Pascoe— Whereabout? Box 151S,
Call office. /
F-OY to help about coffee parlor: $2 50 week
and board; after 8. 2814 Baker st.*-.- '. " ,r,
EXTRA dishwasher for Saturday and Sunday
night. Turk and.. Flllmore sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 5C2 Mission s,t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.:
WANTED— Graduate optician; Al refractlon-
i?t; $150 per month/ Box 1505, Call office.
2-CHAIR shop for sale cheap;. doing good busl-
ness. Inquire 394 Sixth st. . .
MEN tolearn barber trade; catalogue; mailed
free. S.F. Barber School, "741 A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS shaft miners. Call at room 302,
Call building, after 10 a. m. ; • - -¦-:*¦¦
HELP , WANTED MALES.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches : and not* over S feet
.1 Inch in height; able to read, . write and
epeak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting OfHce, 40 Ellis
Bt., San Francisco, Cal.
3 ACTIVE men^ror local position (several
weeks); salary' $3; per day. WM. J. UHL,
manager, "23 Chestnut st., Philadelphia.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
"Oc. Boston Houw. S30 Howard »t. .
WANTED— Partner with $1000 to $1500 in estab-
lished manufacturing business investment:
guaranteed; rare chance. Apply at cigar
store, 247 Fifth ft.
YOUNG man, strong and steady, to learn bak-
ing trade; some experience preferred. Ad-
dress Imperial Steam Bakery. San Jose.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics • to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, '217 Third et.: 130 large
rooms ; 25c per, night ; $1 to $2 per week.
BRIGHT, men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 3C2 Post St.-
ALL Blzes' men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. EC2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
PEXSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus ar.d baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth Bt. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LARGE dray and driving horses, Just from
country: well matched and young. Apply at
1G23 Howard st.. PENN STABLES.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— To exchange two- small horses for
one good bay buggy horse. 410 Maple st.
THREE faet road horses; also some good
business horses at 721 Howard st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
rarts. buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsoni.
$50 — TOP buggy, piano box; nearly new; bar-
gain. €32 Market St., room 6.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, 6ingle. also light
camping wairon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FLRMSHED.
SUNNY, clean, newly furnished home, $10 a
month: 10 minutes from Chronicle. 'WILLIAM
BUTTERFIELD. Phelan building, room 42.
HOUSE CLEANING.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co.. rstab. 1S90:
— »mov»d to 419 D^vieadero St.. tel. F«>U 13«.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Blue enameled gold watch, between Ho-
tel Colonial and Ellis and Hyde sts.; liberal
reward. D. SAMUELS Lace House Co.
LOST— A small closed gold watch and brooch.
Return to Y. M. C. A. office. Mason and
Ellis sts. ; reward.
LOST— Account book; only of value for the
owner. Return to 124 O'Farrell 8t.
LOST— Eyeglasses in care on Eddy. bet. Mason
and Taylor; reward. 610 O'Farrell st.
LOST— Sunday evening, small green alligator
skin hand satchel; leather cut on top. Return
to HUGH ROSS, 817 Battery Bt. ; liberal re-
ward : _J
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JOHN F. JACKSON or SUSIE I.
JACKSON. No. 21S-444. Finder will pleasa
return to bank.
FOUND— On Kearny St., bull terrier. Owner
can have by calling at 1923 Bush st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.'
Jeweler. .213 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, S17 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office fofCall advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia et.
BIATTIIKSSKS AM) 1ML.LOW8.
mattressks'an? p i LLowiTteiTsou tii in,
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers afid hair cleansed: fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleanine and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 320 Eleventh gt.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1SS7: reliable & con-
fidential: lists. 10c. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis.
MARRIAGE bureau.; est. 1876; reliable; con-
fidential lists, 10c. 323 Kearny St.. rms. 5-4.
MEDICAL..
DR?Tnd MRS .DA VIES. 1228 Market, the well-
known ladles' (specialists; 32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return r.ame
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
send fcr. the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT; a sure cure; gives Instant relief; harm-
less: any one can UBe it: stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to give instant
relief for any ailment; Fafe and reliable; 10
vears In Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced In
S F. since 1SS4; maternity home; fee low.
10C7Vi Market street, near Sixth. .
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market,
opp. 5th: world-renowned ladles' specialist;
Fafe. reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at hnm»i consultation
free. ¦ After all others fall call on him.
MRS DR KOHL. 997 Market st.. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladies' physician: 25 years'
successful practice;, positive cure guaranteed;
when others fail consult free.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment; home for natients: con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees: when all others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. CC4 Eddy st.
.MINKS AND MINING.
MINES bought and sold; also stocks in mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tilton. r. 473-
476. Uh floor, Parrott bldg.: 10-12. 1-3.
MISCELLAXEOUS FOK SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back' bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon o-tflts on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021, 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalgone. •
BUY /a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$3 per month: write for catalogue and price,
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 400 California
st. ; rentals, new machines, S3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rent's gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21C Spear st. -
LADIES— Boss and .-crescent 14-karat filled
watches as good as new I for $10. UNCLE
HARRIS, .15 Grant^ve.
FOR p.ile— 1 Iron planer, almost new, size 3Jx32
Inches by SV 3 feet long. £25 Brannan St.. near
Fourth.
A— 20-TON Howe waaron scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
40~H. I*, boiler and engine complete cheap; can
be seen running. 204 Mission st.
CANARY birds, males and females, also 'Har-
zer Rollers," at LOHM ANN'S. 316S ICth st.
LARGE tent, ¦ 80x50. . new. ¦ fpr "sale cheep. 916
Market St.. room 94. -J,
FINE 3 II. P. electric motor, In perfect con-
dltlon. at ZS4 Hayes st ,
FOR SALE— High grade hammerless eun; hall
price. Box 1708, Call office.
A 13 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 3 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 1Ci> Beaie st.
1 BARNES 8-in. swing lathe; 13 H. P.- Hercules
¦ gasoline eng.: 1 No. 3 Dow pump. 634 Mission.
GAS engine, 1 horsepower. $75; see at work.
Shirt store. 535. Valencia fit.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery St., sell
at low, figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters,
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. ¦ Co.
2D-HAKD steam," gas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. "White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC • and magic lantern good:
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
MISCELLANEOUS FOIl SALE.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Zd-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hard; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
brac, old gold. 103 Sixth St.; phone Jessi« 141.
¦WANTED — 2nd-hand naphtha launch; 2 or 4 H.
P. A. J. Gustaveson, Berlin bldg., Tacoma.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Silvermar!. 934 Folsom: tel. Folsom 11M.
aiOXEV^'fO 1.OAX.
A— MONEY to lean at rates which peoDle can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lo-e i
their friendship: do business with ssrangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no I
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9u6 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at C per cent: 1st, Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business els«-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
HIGHLY respectable. prU-ate place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 815 Market
Bt.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
A— J500.COO ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erls. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery et.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by Private
p*arty; no removal: no commission: .conRilen-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at., room 63.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 Callfornla.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
.LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%. undl-
vlded Ints.; estates. IIARPER.357 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
JTOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by privte party;
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 6c9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT agents' cost closed out Walla Walla ag'cy.
3 Stelnways $125. 136. *32t
1 Hallet & Davis t43O
• 2 Chlckerlngs $163, $285
1 Novella {53
1 Heine $292
3 Haynes (50 others) $233
Wo handle all makes; agents for some old-
eat and most famous pianos In existence.
Our new rent contract, rent or buy, $4.
Privilege to return or exchange at any time.
Hallet & Davla pianos, exclusive, oldest,
most famous. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
WANTED— Agents every town: write catalogues
and Drlces. Heine Piano Co., 217 Geary et.
ANY person having usa for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s 'with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnvray down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
I priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Ueautlful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
16 per month. We offer to sell some gojd
pianos for $3. J4 and $5 per racnth. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land^
THE public have appreciated our very generous
cuts in prices by patronizing us liberally dur-
ing the great pa le we have Just been having;
- so many sales have been started but not yet
completed that we are going to continue tha
"cut" for a few days, In order that no one
may feel disappointed who Is Inclined to take
advantage of it: remember that all our pianos.
Decker & Son, Packard. Baumelster. Straube,
Arlington, etc., etc.. are Included In the sale.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 7€9 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. W.
2S and CO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
5 ORGANS, from $25 to $60.
3 second-hand pianos, from $73 to $143.
4 new uprights from JIM to $193.
Guaranteed; easy payments. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON. 1HS-5D O'Farrell St.;
Chickerlng agency. ¦
ON sale— Steinway upright. $1S8. 217 Geary
j Bt.. room S6.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano: standard make;
. sacrifice: leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Har.iman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., S14 Post.
BARGAIN — Mu»t be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market St.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mouzy. Gabl«r and Spellman Pianos. 303 Post.
SPECIAL SALE — Immense reductions; see our
leader, only $150. BRCEXN, 2C8 Post st.
S-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission tt.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up.
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. C60 Hayes st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A.\D STOKES TO LET.
CORNER store — "West corner Fourth and Perry
sts. ; occupied as grrocery and bar for past 30
years: rent $20: water free. Apply to i_». H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
CHEAP, light offices. Emma Spreckels build-
Ing. 927 Market gt. ¦
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ 330 Pine street"
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2500 ACRES oil land; S3 to $3000 per acre, wl
C. HAMILTON, 8 Flood building.
OIL. LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River; proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
l'AIATKKS AM) DKCUIUTOnsi.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered, $3
tip. Jensen A Bath. 303 Sixth; open evenlnga.
PALMISTRY. ~~
HT"jiER^ME"FBsSELTiri^
Taylor Et.. bet. Geary anj post; tel. Black 161.
l'ATESTS AXD PE.NSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big:
PERSONALS.
ON and after this date I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted in my name,
unless previously approved by my wife, and
thereafter indorsed by tha undersigned.
CHAS. E. EOWEN.
$r.O REWARD for the return of lace curtains,
etc., taken from C. F. Adams Co. wagon,
10S Fifth st.. or information which will lead
to their recovery. .".£ v
MAN. wishes position as companion to gentle-
man of leisure; no objection to country or
j travel. Box 1511. Call office.
A— $3 DO DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl T3. Popu-
\ lar Price Hatters, S30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $1C: dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
. CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
PRIVATE detective work; r«-a?onab!e rates; 10
'• years' experience. J. B. RAY, 3J7 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
, Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night ; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
; WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quartet
or double. 52 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
i CO., 1310-1312 Stocltton st., near Broadway.
; WHY gues3? You an* certain of style and at by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
r«=ady. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market st.
I MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fin-
tehlng & models made. A. Graft, 10. Stevenson.
I DESERVING women needing aid on suits or
legal, questions, address box 1784. Call office.
• HEALTHY boy or girl baby for adoption. MP.&
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.. , Alameda.
i SUPERFLUOUS hair and mole3 destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1113 Sutter st.
PERSONALS. _____
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mlct.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, tha beat
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Esryptlan Henna: restores gr*y
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
REAL ESTATH CITY FOR SA'.C.
ANOTHER Richmond bargain: Just what a
builder or carpenter Is looklns for; the two
choicest Iot9 In Richmond on eleva tea
ground: west side 11th ave.: 2£xl2O each: JTIS*
north of Clement; bulkhead In front: all
street work done; cars en Clement; fine ma-
rine view; make your own terms as" to pay-
ments; only il.*?.~> for both: 2 houses built on
there lots can be sold before the plaster 1»
dry; there is not a vacant house In Rich-
mond and hundreds cf people are wanting to
rent. \V. J. GCSS. 53) California Bt.
IP you have lots to sell north of the Parlc then
call on W. J. Gl'NN, 630 California st.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
IIRAI, ESTATE COUNTRY For Sal*
FARM for sale at public suction March 2. 1901—
Half mile Sonoma; 37 acres in orchard and
vineyard: furnished houre 11 rooms. 2-story:
bam 4UxDO; horses, wagons, poultry, farming
Implements ; sale on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CIIELIXI. Sonoma,
- A BARGAIN — ' ' ¦
2 houses and lots at Crockett. Contra Cost-
County; rented for $32 per month; price }350O.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery.
M. GRIKFIN. 719 Market, sell* and exchange.
city and country realty; printed lists: Sono-
ma. Santa Clara, Sbasta and other counties.
"WANTED— Ranch on Installment plan or will
exchange for $3000 housa and lot In thla city.
Addre33 Call branch office. 300 Hayea »t.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy cf Fonoma Co. real estate bargains^
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A LAMED A HEAL ESTATE.
SCCO— TO close an estate: fln» building corner
lot. 40x100; bet. railroads; J blocks Hl<_
Bchcol; etreet work complete; bargain. Se«
cwner. A. Q. BURNS. 1501 Park st.. Alaaeda.
JllIO— COTTAGI3, 4 rooms; lot 25x130; $320 cash,
balance $12 per month. $3400 — New bouse.
8 rooms. J. H. YOUXG. Builder. 1243 Par-.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
HEHKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 4- room bay-window cottage: high base-
ment; electric wired: Iarse pantry, bath,
hall etc.; all modern; sunny side street; lot
EOxlOO; well, tank and windmill; chicken-
house and yard; price $1600; terms to suit.
OELLEUICH & PERKINS. Lorln Station.
Berkeley; 2 blocks to R. . R. depot; half a
block to. electric cars. -
NEV»" $-room, two-story, basement, bath: all
modern: electric fixtures: tinted walla; street
work all done; right at R. R. atatlon; thU Is
a snap; must be. sold at once: price only $1700.
on your own terms; why pay rent when you
can buy a fine house lik» this and pay for
same as rent? Take Berkeley train, get oil
Lorln station. OELLERICH & PERKINS.
4-ROOM house; 1 block from station; modern
In all respects: nice lot 40x120; a snap for
some one; price $UC0; $300 down, balance ln>
monthly payments of $17. Take Berkeley
train, set off at Lorln, ask for RUDOLPH.
PKRK1NS & LYOX.
7-ROOM 2-etory house; not far from university;
modern: let 4DxlC0: price- SltOO: $100 down,
balance Jla per month. RUDOLPH, PER-
KINS & LYON. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
IN th» lovely Daley Scenic Park — Only 3
blocks from university jrrotrnds; two-story
bouse of 3 rooms: Just finished: fin« corner
lot: only $4500. JOS. .T. MASON, Real Es-
tate. adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE — 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FLU SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
DORLAXP, 33. off Guerrero, nr. 17th — 3 nicely
furnished front rms.: light housekpg.; $13.
ELLIS. 420— Sunny furnished rooms for houM-
keeping and others; bath, gas, telephone.
ELLIS, 424 — Newly furnished flat 3 rooms corn-
piste; also 2 rooms complete tar housekeepR-
ELLIS. 621— Front suite: 3 rocma; newly fur-
nished for heavy housekeeping; gas.
ELLIS. 1130 — S elegant unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; also high sunny basement; no
children^ ___^
FOLSOM. SE. cor Sth— Five sunny rooms for
light housekeeping: also single from $4 up.
GEARY. 691 — Sunny furnished housekeeping and
other rooms; fcas; bath; rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 1063' i— Completely furnished house-
keeplng rooms; electric lights, range, etc.
MISSION. 943 — Front room with folding bed and
kitchen; complete for housekeeping-.
MISSION*. 2721U— Nicely furnished suite of 3
rooms for light housekeeping-
OAK. 113 — 1 sunny basement room; dry: clean:
furnished for heavy housekeeping; yard; $«.
OCTAVIA, 14C3. cor. Geary-Large sunny bay-
window room, mantel, Welsbach; also room
with kitchen.
SIXTH, 136— Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
SMALL shop, with 2 living rms. : suitable shoe-
maker, barber; cpp. carbouse. 2O0O McAllister.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 4164, nr. Castro— Two fur-
nUhed housekeeping rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore. st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubsorlptlons has been established at 125*
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Film, and Vntarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, J21 Grant ave.— Best dollar
a day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms; modern conveniences; rooms SOo
up; first-class meals ZZc; free coach.
A— HOTEL Robinson. 1349 A Market; new man-
agement; furnished rooms, en suite or single;
cults for housekeeping: very reasonable
prices: elevator service; transient.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms 23o
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $-\ per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 520 (The Elk)— Changed hands: nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated: all conven. Mrs. IC M. Ramsey, prop.
EDDY. 430 — Eletrant furnished rooms; singto
or en gulte; suitable for physician or dentist.
FOLSOM. ;01ft-Rooms from $4 to $10 per month;
furnished for gents: private family.
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre)— Eleirartly furnished
rms: suites or single: travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE av*., 523— Newly furnished
front, double, single rooms: rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. VOS— 2 small single rooms,
suitable for lady or gentleman: sunny.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en rulte or
single: ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE. 363, rr. Sth and Market— Furnished
rooms, 2 beds, $7; 2 housekeeping. %X
LARKIX. 1002— Sunny furnished room: water,
gas and bath: 1 person. J8; 2, $10. Apply at
SCS Larkin st.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rras.; private: bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
M1NXA. 68T, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room: $1 per week: transient.
MISSION. R24— Front and back parlor; suitable
for a doctor: furnished.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1013 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up: 33e a day up.
O'FARRELL. 10— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day. wk.. mo.
KCYAL House. 12S Ellis— Incandescent light ;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladle* par-
Icr; rooms, per nl«ht. 35c to $1 M: week. $2 to
»S; month. $S to $30: elevator on ground floor*
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
UCSEDALE House. 313-321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
right. 23c to SI; week. $1 25 to $<: open night.
EHKBaSJUi Apartment House, 23 Eighth st..
rear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121. near 13th— Sunny furnished
front room. $3 50 per month.
SUTTEIi. 3W-j — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, W: suites. $12 to $_> mo.
THE Oliver. House. 353 Folsom St.. corner eC
Sixth— Furnished rooms: al?o housekeeping.
TURK. 126— A furnished sunny front room:
suitable for one or two gentlemen. ¦
TURK. SCS— Neatly furnished double rooms;
n;nnir.g W8ter. sas. bath: rent $S. W. tti
VALENCIA. 826— Two connecting sur.ny front
rooms, electric lights, running water; also
¦ bay-window unfurnished room.
VAN NESS 21S— 3 newly furnished sunny
rooms; gents only; reasonail*'X S V Water ............................ M 25
15000 8 V 4b (2d mtge) 103 12Vi
•' "Afternoon Session. . . :
'¦¦¦Vi ii Board— ,. . / .::...¦ ,
- BO Cal Wine Assn 100 00
10 Contra Costa Water 67 50
315 Hana Plantation Co '•• 8 62^
$10,000 Hawaiian C and S Co 5s.. ...104 75
600 Honokaa S Co .:. 3125
¦ 125 Hutchinson SP Co '.'.26 62%
¦125 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co..;.... 2125
, 600 Paauhau S-P Co 32 50
100 S K Gas and Electric Co 47 75
-. • 'Street— >-•.¦; • . ;
10O Honokaa ••¦•. 31 25
5 Paauhau S,P Co ..32 37^4
' --PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Caribou 80
100 El Dorado 2 25
18 El-Dorado . 5 2 10
2300 Four Oil Co............................ 60
275 Home Oil 4 35
700 Independence ...' 13
100 Kern Oil Co. 11 62>i
22 Kern Oil Co 11 50
BO Kern River 18 60
100 Lion Oil Co.............: 24
2C0 McKittrick Consolidate* 10
200 Monarch of Arizona...; S4
350 Occidental of W Va 72
50 Peerless.- 8 SVA
100 San Francisco and McKlttrlck 1 50
65 San Joaquln Oil & Dev '. 13 00
SO Thirty-Three ., 13 00
300 Yukon "... 55
Afternoon Session.
Board—
230 El Dorado J 20.
1150 Four Oil Co 60
600 Hanford-Fresno- Kern River 33
25 Home Oil 4 35
23 Home Oil 4 30
25 Kern Oil Co 11 62tf
500 Lion Oil Co.*. 23
15tt McKlttrlck Consolidated ,.... 9.
200 McKittrick Consolidated 10
100 Occidental of W Va 72
5 Oil City Petroleum 34 00
600 Petroleum Center 25
100 Sunset (Original) 39
60 Wolverine 1 62V4
100 Wolverine 160
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Feb. 8.— 2:30 p. m.
MIXING STOCKS.
The following wtre the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
# Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 2SI 400 Ophir 73
200 Crown Point... 14 100 Savage IS
500 Con Cal & Va.l 60 200 Sierra Nevada. 18
100 Hale & Norc... 20 100 Standard 4 20
SOO Mexican 27 400 Union Con 26
100 Mexican 18 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
1200 Beet & Belcher 30| 200 Ophir 80
SOO Con Cal &.Va..l 60 2C0 Ophir 81'
300 Con Imperial... 01 200 Potosl ia
1000 Con Imperial... 02 500 Savage ¦ 18
200 Gould & Curry 44 300 Union Con .;... 28
300 Hale & Norc... 23 600 Union Con ..... 29
100 Justice 08 500 Utah 08
300 Mexican 30 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
100 Occidental C7 ¦ , f
The following were • the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:-;. ,'.
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 2S 300 Mexican 27
BOO Best & Belcher 29 200 Ophir 74
200 Caledonia 70 300 Potosl 09
200 Con Cal & V.I 57% 500 Yellow Jacket.. 12
Afternoon Session. . "
500 Best & Belcher 30 800 Ophir 80
250 Con Cal & Va..l 60 300 Sierra Nevada. 19
SCO Con Cal & V.I 62H 500 Sierra Nevada. 20
BOO Con. Imperial... 01 500 Silver Hill 42
500 Con Imperial... 02 100 Silver Hill ...... 43
200 Justice 07 100 Union Con 27
400 Mexican 29 100 Union Con 29
400. Mexican .30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.'
FRIDAY, Feb. 8—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 07 08
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 08 03 Lady Wash .... — 02
Belcher 18 20 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 29 30 Occidental 07 C8
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 80 81
Caledonia 75 — Overman ....... 14 *15
Challenge Con.. 18 19 Pofosi 09 10
Chollar 11 12jSavage 17 18
Confidence 70 74 Scorpion — 01
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65 Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 19 20
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 42 44
Crown Point... 15 J6|St Louis 05 10
Eureka. Con 06 ¦— Standard 4 20 4 25
Exchequer — * 02 Syndicate — 09
Oould & Curry 44 45 Union Con 28 29
Hale A Norc... 22 24 Utah 07 09
Julia — 03iYellow Jacket.. .12 13
Family Retail. Market.
Mrs F Hewitt. So Bend
C B Shaver, Fresno
L C Gilman, Seattle
J Jacob, Cal
Miss M E Cochran, Cal
J Jacob,- N Y
S Selgrel. NY
M Kahn. Philadelphia
C E Lloyd Cincinnati
B H Conkling & w,
Chicago
M Nathanson, Chgro
F A Rlckard, Denver
F W Baker, London
Mrs B F Bauer, S Lake
Miss E Bauer, S Lake
M J Little, Salt Lake
F S Wellman, Ohio
S F Wellman & w,
Cleveland
J F Dousman & w,
Des Motnes
W A Brown, Cal . :
E C Hughes. Seattle
W A Hendryx & . w,
Lob Ang ¦
H Schmidt. Chgo I
J Robin, Berkeley
J L Qualntance & ' w,
Cal
F N Drucker. Ohio :
W P Cunningham, Cal
V Peyton & w, Los An
Mme .Dolores, Cal
Mme V Trebelll, Cal
P F Kelly, Seattle
F Greenberg, N Y
W A Becker, W Walla
L K Becker, Oregon —
G L Munson, Napa
S-E Hartnell, Detroit
L L Kennedy, Cal .
J D GrisBlm, San Jose
F S Glass. Berkeley
Miss Knowles. - Oakld
Mins R Knowles, Oakld
Mrs H T Taft, Oakld
Miss Taft, Oakland
Miss Valentine, Oakld
P J Thomas, Los Ang
C R Smith, Utlca
C G Foley, Baltimore,
J J Walner, Chgo
A F Kavanagh. USA
O O Howard Jr, L Ang
J A Kelly, Hartford
M S Gaust & w N Y
R Palmer, Chgo
W R Ramsdell. Cal
P B McCabe, L Ang
O W Roberts, Cal
Mrs M S Simpson, NY
Mies Simpson, N Y-
R Carruck & w, N Y
J Hartnett, Chgo
J M Haley; Chgo ..
Mrs F P Smith. Cheo
F P Smith, Chso
F L Christie, N Y "
C P Morpan & w, Cal
J F Bevin. 6 Mateo
F J Watson, - Los Ang
v» A Sherman & w
Bolinas
Mrs CM Johnson, Cal
P H Johnson. S Rafael
L Huttenback, London
F Dltte. Germany '
R W Thompson, Cal
C Kohn, Portland
Prof G F Lapsley. Cat
Mrs C Glass. Spokane
Mrs T D Freshman,
Cal
F McGavin, Buffalo
W O Dell Plain N Y
C A Miller, Loa Ane
A F Luennifc, Wis
A L Levlnsky, Stocktn
O L Sutherland, N Y
C D Van Duzen, Nev
R D Grant & tj. Utah
T B Sweeney. W Va
J E B Sweney, W Va
T Casey, Berkeley
T Ahearn & fam. .Can
ada
MA Beleourt, Canada
T Cooper & w, Canada
R H Springer, Chgo
T Knowles, Oakland
H A McCormlck, Utah
GRAND HOTEL. ,
u j wooawortn, fa
A B Rldd & w, Chlcag
J W Douglas, Mass
E n Reed. Bakersfleld
H M Reed, Reedley
J W Laing, NY
L J Corbett, Chicago
C Stewart, Pasadena
Mrs J J Lewis, Cal
Miss L Lewis, Cal
Mrs S Sellg, Cal
A Welgel & w, Tacoma
A Jaffray, Portland
D D Neer, Portland
T Dempsey. r>enver
J Nevln, Denver
J J Hanlon. Sacto
J W Linscott, S Cru«
D C Clark. Sta Crux
K Mattlson, . Sta' Cruz
J Gately & w, Chicago
Mrs P McGowan. Mass
G H Sargeant, Boston
A'Beddows. Chicago
J H Reed. Sacto
F Ellis. Portland
W M Parker, Stanford
u u Merriman, Stanfrd
C A Martin7 St Ix>uis
D C McLaren, 1J C
H J Mallloux, St Louis
J McGeoghesran, Cal
J McGcoghegan Jr. Cal
JsE Magovern, NY-
W H Hampton, N C
F G Klnsr, Denver
G V Martin, Pa
W J . Mitchell, . Reno
F Roseman & w, • Port
¦T Jacob, Visalia ¦.:¦.¦
W F Gormley. ¦ Sacto
ff 1» Eckerson, Ls Ang
C W Eastln, Modesto
Q A Gammon, Maine .
J ¦W-Taggart, & Barb
J Wright & w, Wash
C A -* Cantwell. . Stantrd
A .W Maltby. Concord
D'H Clark. /Chicago
HE Hlggin«,Cal '
L F Reeber. & w. Sac
T W Barnes & w. Cal .
II C Sessions, Berkeley
C W Pendleton, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Bid.APk.l BM.Ask.
V S 4s coup... 113*4114^ US 4b cp (new)137V4137%
Do 4s reR....113',4114>,*; Do 3s coup..llOUlllVi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P Co 58.105 105>4 Oak •W Co 5s.. — 102V;
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116 — Oceanic S S5s.lO7iilO8 .
C C Water 5S.107V* — Ora C It 6s.... 128 —
Ed L. & P 6s. .128 — Pac G Imp 4s. 100 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. 114^ — Pk & Cl R JBs.105 —
Geary-st R 5s. — • — Pk & O R 6s.. — _
Maw C 5V4s,..10SVi — Powell-st R 6S.12OH —
Do 5s... 104% — S E G f; R 6s. - 100
LARR 5S...112V4 — S F &; SJV 5s. 120 —
L A Lt 6s.... — . — • 8 R of Cal 6S...110 —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 S P of A 6a. .111 112
Do gntd 6s.. — — 5 P of C 6s (1905)
LAP 5s......l0U4 Series A .110»4 —
Markt-st C 6s.l26 — Do (Series B)1U —
Do 1st c Es..l22%— * Do (1906) 113 im
N C N O R 7s — 113^ Do (1912)..... 122 122%
N R Of Cal 68.113 — S P of C le 5s.l07 108V4
Do os.. 120 — SPBr R 6s... 132 —
N P C R R 6S.101K — S P Water 6s. 114^115
Do 5S.........108 — Do 4s.. 103 104
N C R R 6s... — 113 Do Sd mtg...lO2U —
O G L. & H 6S.112 114 Stk G & E 6s.lO3 106
Oak Tr Co 9S..114 115
WATER STOCKS.
* Bld.Ask.lMarin Co .52^ —
Contra Costa.. 67 68 | Spring Val.... 92^ 93
GAS ' AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Pac Lt Co.... «H —
Eqult Gas..... 3 3% S E O & r;... _ 37^
Mut El Lt.... 7 — S F G & E.... 47V6 47Ti
O G L & H.... 49',4 60 San Fran...\.. 4%. 414
Pac Gas Imp. - :44Vi Stktn.G & E.. - *u
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 232 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 77 — Lon P ft A. ...143% —
Bank of Cal.. 410 — Mr Ex (Iiq)...i6. —
Cal S D.......105H107 S F National.. — 12S
1st N of S F.. — 312V4
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...".... — 1850 Sav & Loan.,. — _
Humboldt ;....— — Security ......27.5 —
Mutual BO -— Union Trust... — — :
S F Sbv U....610 —
STREET: RAILROAD STOCKS. -
Cal-st ........ ..135 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st -T.....47H -r Presidio — 20
Market-st ..... 68% 69^4
POWDER STOCKS.
California '.."...ISO - Vlmrit 2% 3
Giant Con..... - •
EUOAR STOCK& . • ; "f i
Hana Plan.... ' . :....:... ii%21>4
Haw Com — Su • 1 Makawell ..... 42V4 —
Honokaa*. SI 1 ! 31Vi Onomea 28 —
Hutch S'P.'....26% 27 iPaauhau ...... 32*4 32%
' MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA... 126*127 Ocn S S Co.... — —
Cal Ft Can.... — 106" Pac A FA.... 2 —
Cal Wine A... 100 — P C Brx Co... 155 —
Mer Ex Assn..l00 — Para Ft Co.... 12V4 —
•¦' ¦ Morning : Session. <¦"
.Board—
20 Cal Safe Deposit.. ................... ,;iO5 BO
SS Giant Powder . Con 84 50
r 70 Honokaa - S : Co ..: ......'........ 31 25 '
BO L. P& A. .Bank. ,..'...144 25. v
10 Makawell:.:......;....;.:............. *2 25 i
30 Oceanic S 8 Co..........; .......100 00;
125 Paauhau S{P Co...... .....:.'.;. 32 37H
1S5 SF Gas and Electric Co...;..;..... 47 75
..BO S F Gas and Elsctric Co. s 90....:. 47 75 '¦.
-100 S F Gas and Electric Cp, s 90...... 47 50
JOOOO SP of A'Bonds..............'......;..lll 00"
UNITED STATES BONDS,
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Feb. 8-2 p. m.
Bond Exchange Oceanic Steamship sold at $100.
There were no other changes. Business was
very fair, but the afternoon was quiet.
The oil stocks continued fairly active, • but
without feature or especial fluctuation.
The Oakland Gaslight Company will pay a
dividend of 25c per share on the 15th. i -
The Pacific and Sunset; Telephone and Tele
praph Companies will pay the usual 'monthly
dividends of 25c and 40c on the lath.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 8.— William L. Gill, the
well-known attorney, wag recommitted to
Agnews Asylum yesterday. He Is said to
be suffering from paresis, and at times be
comes so violent it is necessary to restrain
him. He imagines a host of enemies are
awaiting an opportunity to kill him. A
year ago dissipation broke down his sys
tem and he was committed to Agnews,
but after a few months released- as cured
Gill. was formerly a partner of D. M. Del
mas, when the latter practiced law In this
city, and had a State reputation as a
criminal lawyer.
Gill Again Insane.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
C fitinued Iiom Page Ten.
Aged Couple Divorced.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 8.— Elizabeth Peck was
to-day granted a divorce from Russell
Peck on the ground of cruelty. Peck is
S6 years of age and Mrs. Peck 60. They
had been married seven years and In that
time the husband had struck her with n
hammer and otherwise maltreated her.
This was Peck's third matrimonial ven
ture. ,
EUREKA, Feb. 8. — Lord Thurlow of
an Eastern syndicate which is investigat
ing the proposition of building a railroad
from Eureka to Redding. Shasta County,
returned on the steamer Pomona this
morning. He was accompanied by three
San Francisco engineers, whp came pre
pared to investigate the route to Redding.
The party is composed of E. H. Benjamin,
C. E. "Wetherall and A. ' H. Clough. It
will be impossible for the party to do
much before the snow is off the ground.
Route for New Railway.
San Francisco— Mayor Phelan. Judge Evans,
II. J. CrocXer. W. O. Witter. J. A. Fllcher. C.
A. Malm, A. Sbarboro, William. AVellman, Vic
tor Matthews and R. X. Ryan.
Glen Ellen— Harry Wise and Charles Poppe.
Petaluma — D. W. Ravenscroft, Frank Snow,
S. H. Olmstead, H. P. Brainard, A. Kahn,
Colonel Fairbanks and P J. Hopkins.
San Rafael— A. W. Foster, k
Santa Rosa— K. A. Finley, A. B. Lemmon, E.
D Sweetser, Guy K. Grosse, W. J. Eardley,
L.uther Burbank,. Philip Morseheart, P. H.
Qulnn, W. D. Reynolds and J. N. Whltaker.
Sebastopol— Walter Armstrong, J. P. McDon
ald and A. Folcer.
Sonoma — H. H. Granlce, editor of the Expos
itor, and R. A. Popre.
Knights Valley— W. F. Holmes and Charles
Foote.
Ukiah— B. Sanford, Alt Pennington, Thomas
Carothers, C. C. Williaips, B. Hlrsch. Judge
Manning and Hale McCowen.
Hopland — Joseph Harris, W. W. Thatcher,
Oran Howell, H. H. Huntlngton and Thomas
Lonsmore.
. Preston— Warren Green, Dr. H, Hubbard and
William Appleton.
Geyservllle— H. M. Hastings, T. J. Wlsecar
ver, A. N. Clark. Harry Black, Edward Smith,
"William Rouse, M. V. Griffith and J. D. Bosch.
Healdsburg— James Miller, Edward Haigh,
Edward Rowland, F. W. Cook, J. C. Keene
and S. M. Le Roy.
Fulton— A. Dehay. •
Windsor— TValter Poole, W. C. Llndsey and
D. H. McDonald. :
Guerneville— J. H. S. Bartholomew, W. F.
Graham and Mr. Cobb.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 8.-Preparatlons
for the ninth annual citrus fair, which
will be held February 20 to 2? inclusive,
are progressing rapidly. Nearly all the
space for exhibits If already taken and
most of the booths have been engaged.
Visitors to this year's fair, will see far
better fruit than has ever been exhibited
here before and also numerous. side at
tractions which have been added as new
features of entertainment. Professor D.
C. Smith of Healdsburg, with a selected
band, will furnish choice music during the
fair. That hotels and restaurants are mak
ing preparations to care for'all who may
come and every effort is being put forth
to give the visitors a pleasant time while
here. Special low rates have been secured
for transportation over the California and
Northwestern Railv/ay and display cards
advertising the fair have been posted all
along the -line from Uklah to San Fran
cisco as well as at other places. A line
programme has been arranged for each
day of the fair consisting of music,
speeches, etc. The hall is being fitted up
and decorated in a masterly way with ap
propriate colors under the direction of
the efficient general superintendent, T.-B.
Wilson, assisted by Miss Annie Smith and
S. R. Sample.
The art exhibit under the direction and
management of Mrs. W. D. Sink, Mrs.
Mattle Porterfleld, Mrs. E. G. Furber and
Mrs. P Yordi will be a collection of rare
works of art. Mrs. F. Yordi and C. B.
Humbert have charge of the "baby
show," which insures for that part of the
programme a complete success. The press
committee, composed of S. Pinschower,
G W. Hoyle, J. B. Cooley, Julius Alle
grenl and TR. E. Baer, will see to It that
visiting newspaper men "get in on the
ground floor" so far aa getting the news
of the fair is concerned.
The following invitational committees
have been appointed. -.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fine Programme Is Being Arranged
for -Each Bay and the Exhibits
Will Be Better Than
Ever Before.. -
Preparations for the Ninth
Fair at;Clovtr-
ANNUAL DISPLAY
OF CITRUS FRUITS
SAN JOSE, Feb. 8.-A ship railway that
may possibly take the place of a canal
across the Panama Isthmus, transporting?
grreat ships from ocean to ocean and cut
ting on! the long journey around the Horn,
has been invented by Barton W. Scott,
an engineer and inventor of this city. The
rounding of curves ' and undulations in
track which have proved a stumbling
block In the successful working In the
Eads and other systems of ship railways
have been overcome, and the cost and
time required for the building of a canal
practically wiped out. Scott has submit
ted his ideas to President McKinley and
Secretary of War Root, and these officials
have laid the matter before the Canal
Commission. This body is now consider
ing the proposition, and Mr. Scott is pre
pared to build a working model of his
road if the Government will enter into
contract with him.
The inventor claims great things for hla
road, and its construction across the isth
mus would render a canal unnecessary.
Former inv.entors were unable to perfect
cars suitable for carrying heavy ships
around curves and up grades, but this the
San Jose inventor has done. Under his
system the largest vessel afloat— the Oce
anic, wiih a length of 700 feet— could be
raised from the ocean on the Atlantic side,
placed on a great car and hauled "across
the Isthmus at the rate of twenty-two
miles an hour by eight locomotives.
Scott has been at work on his railway
scheme for about four years. His plans
call for a four track railway, with an
aggregate widtn of about 80 feet. On
these run a gigantic car, so nicely bal
anced and arranged that it can traverse
any curve and grade known in modern
railway building. This car will take a
ship of 700 feet in length and round any
curve or make a complete circle in di
ameter 700 feet from inside rail to inside
rail. For the 700-foot ships a speed of
twenty-two miles an hour can .be made,
but for tugs and light craft smaller cars
can be used and the vessels taken across
the isthmus almost as rapidly as a freight
train.
The cost of building and equipping such
a road across the isthmus Scott estimates
would not be over $10,000,000, while the
cost of a canal would be between $200,
000.000 and $300,000,000. Besides it could be
rushed through to completion in one
fourth the time' that would be required
to dig the canal. This would save the
Government about $200,000,000.
Scott's plans have been favorably re
ceived by the officials at Washington, and
the friends of the inventor here believe
he has overcome the obstacles that have
heretofore existed to a ship railway.
OrTDecember 17 last Scott wrote to Pres
ident McKinley, outlining his plan for a
ship railway across the isthmus to take
the place of a canal. Secretary Cortelyou
acknowledged the receipt of the letter,
stating the matter would be referred to
the Secretary of War.
The following letter from Secretary
Root shows the matter is receiving some
attention:
"War Department, Washington, January
.4, 1901. '
"Sir: Acknowledging receipt, by refer
ence from the Executive Mansion, of your
letter addressed to the President under
date of 17th ultimo, .presenting some ob
servations and suggestions concerning the
construction of a ship railway in connec
tion with the question of a ship canal, I
beg to inform you that the said communi
cation has this day been referred to the
Isthmian Canal Commission, Corcoran
building, this city. Very respectfully.
"ELIHU ROOT. Secretary of War."
John G. Walker, president of the Canal
Commission, wrote Scott on January 9,
saying the matter was before the commis
sion and would be considered at the meet
ing of the commission on the 17th of that
month. >¦.
If the Government acts on the sugges
tions of Mr. Scott, all the latter asks is
that the Government enter into a contract
with him so as to protect him from per
'¦ sons stealing his plans, and he will build
a .working model of his railway and cars.
When this is completed but 10 per cent of
the price agreed upon will be asked, and
the balance in six months after a railway
has been constructed and is carrying ships
across the isthmus.
Mr. Scott refuses to give any details of
his invention before a contract has been
made with the Government, for fear his
ideas may be stolen. Neither will he state
the price he wants for his lnventlo,n. Ho
is confident his railway will do the work
and expects the Government will have him
construct a working model.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
l>esigns Have Already Been For
warded to Washington and
Are Receiving Attention
of Commissioners.
San Jose Man's Solution
of a Transportation
Problem.
INVENTS NEW
SHIP RAILWAY
< ¦" • ' \ . m • f
Butter Is slightly^ Kggs considerably
cheaper and Cheese Is also lower.*
There has been a glut In tne Poultry market
for a week or more, though very young Poultry
has been rather scarce and comparatively
higher on this account. As for Hens, the mar
ket has been full at them. The Game market
has been rather lightly supplied for several
days, owing to heavy rains In different parts
of the State.
FrcsU», floods and washouts In the southern
part of the State have cut down the dally
receipts of summer, vegetables from that quar
ter and prices -are higher in consequence.
There is nothing especially new In Fruits.
Coal, per ton — .
Cannel % @12 00 Southfleld
Wellington. -#11 00 Wellington OU CO
Seattle ..... 9 000 Coos Bay @ 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, sq35@45 Common Eggs...; 20@22
Do. good.. ....... 30®— Ranch Eggs, per
Pickled ............30035 dozen 23@—
Tub, per lb ..25<tf— Honey Comb, per <C
Cheese, Cal 12@15 pound 15@20
Cheese, Eastern.. lliitO Do, extracted. ..10© 12
Cheese, Swiss.. :..20@33
Meats, per lb— '
Bacon .. 15@1S Round Steak 10.018
Beef, choice 15©20 Sirloin Steak' .15©—
Do. good ........— @12 Porterhouse do ...20@—
Corned Beef..... ..10®l2 Smoked Beef .....— ©13
Ham 12013 Pork, salt .... 12®15
Lard ...... ...... ...—©la Pork Chops :......15@18
Mutton 12$il3 Pork Sausages.. 12<£@20
Lamb ...154K3 Veal E@15
Pork, fresh 15®— - .
Poultry and Game-
Hens, : each 50@G0 Doves, per doz tint —
Young Roosters, Quail, per dz.$175@3 00
each 60®75 English Snipe, per
Old' Roosters, ea..50@— . dozen $3#3 25
Fryers, each..:.'...60<g70 Jack Snipe .....12 00@—
Broilers, each 50@60 Mallarti. pair 750^*1
Turkeys, per lb:.17©20 Canvasback 75c@U
Tacks, each..' 60(g90 Sprig ..50@63
Geese, each..'. %l 50©l r i5 Teal .............. ;405K>0
Pigeons, pair .....iO©5'4 Wtdgeon .......... 40®5O
Rabbits, pair ..:.'A0&— Small Duck ...... 30® 40
Hare, 1 each @20 "Wild Geese, pair.— ®J0
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per lb..lo(92<) Limes.' per doz.... 10@13>
Apples 4@ 5 Lemons, doz ......15<g2j
Bananas. doi .....10®20 Raisins, per lb -—fp—
Oranges, . doz , 15 Ji"i0 Walnuts, per lb. . 15fj20
Vegetables—
.Asparagus, per Ib.25<J?50 Peppers, gr, lb....25@—
Artichokes, doz..76c@$l Potatoes, per lb..'2<tf—
Beets, doz lOtf— Rhubarb, per lb.. — #15
Beans, -white, ib.:15#20 Sweet Potatoes.lb 3'<i —
Colored, per Jb..lO@^- Parsnips, per dz.104?—
Dried Lima, lb.. 6# 8 Radlshes.dz bchs.15^2)
Cabbage, each ...5®— Sage, » doz bnchs.. 25039
Cauliflowers, >a... 50 — String Beans, lb. .£01123
Celery, head ..... 5® — Summer Squash,'
Cress, doz bnchB.15®20 per lb.";.'. 15@20'
Cucumbers, pr dz..$2 00 Sprouts, per lb.... 5©—
Egg Plant. lb.....20@2.5 Spinach, per lb... o&—
Green Peas.- lb... 10615 Thyme,: per lb 25«30
Lettuce,, per doss.. 15©2fl Xurnlps, per dox..l0ft —
Onions, per lb..'.. 3@ 4 Tomatoes, per lb.20@—
Okra, dried, " lb....— ©23,
F.sh—
Barracuda . '..—&— Shrimps ..:.;.• 8910
Carp ...¦ .....r8<S10 Shad ..........;...'8©10
Codfish .... 12Q13 Sea Bass ........:.— $15
Flounders .........10012 Smelts ...... ......25®--'
Halibut 105T15 Soles...;. .:.10@—
Herring ..... 12H@— Skates, each ..;.. 801!
K incflsh » ; 9©— Tomcod •' . . . . .V. .-.— «i 12V4
Mackerel ...:.:....—&— Clams; gallon .-. . '.60@—
Do, Horse"....:.— @— Do. hardshell,' lb 8010
Perch ' ...... .'.... . .10Q12 Crabs, each - :. ..12%®—
Pomplno..... '.90®— Do. 8oftshell.dz.40®—
Rockflsh ........ 12H@— Mussels, . quart.... 5(810
Salmon,: fresh...... 18®20 Oysters. j Cal, 100.. 40050
Do, smoked ....15® 40 Do. Eastern, dz.25^0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1901.
13
STOCKS. Bid. Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co 25 —
Buckhorn — 3 50
California Standard 37 38
Caribou 75 77
El Dorado 2 15 2 25
Four 59 50
Hanford... — 120 00"
Hanford -Fresno-Kern River... — 34
Home 4 30 4 35
Homestake — 10 5t)
Independence IS 19
Kern 1150 11 62'*
Kern River 11-37% 19 00
Lion Oil Co ...«. 22 23
Lob Angeles O. & T. Co 3 50 —
McKlttrick Consolidated — 10
Monarch of Arizona 83 84
Aetna — 40
Black Jack — 160
McKittrlck .; — "35
Senator 2 00 2 25
Wolverine 1 60 1 62»i
Monte Crlsto 2 40 2 47^
Occidental (of West Virginia). 71 72
Petroleum Center 24 25
Reed Crude 66 70
Rex .....' — 75
San Joaquln 0. & D. Co 12 75 13 00
Sterling O. &; D. Co 3 30 3 40
Twenty-eight 2 20 2 25
"Westlake 22 24
Westshore — 4 70
Yukon SO 55
Continental : — 100
Junction 80 ' 85
Peerless 8 75 8 87<i .
Plttsburg 40 —
Queen Esther — 50
Thirty-three Oil Co 12 50 '13 00'
STOCKS.
STOCKS. Bid. Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co 25 —
Buckhorn — 3 50
California Standard 37 38
Caribou 75 77
El Dorado 2 15 2 25
Four 59 50
Hanford... — 120 00"
Hanford -Fresno-Kern River... — 34
Home 4 30 4 35
Homestake — 10 5t)
Independence IS 19
Kern 1150 11 62'*
Kern River 11-37% 19 00
Lion Oil Co ...«. 22 23
Lob Angeles O. & T. Co 3 50 —
McKlttrick Consolidated — 10
Monarch of Arizona 83 84
Aetna — 40
Black Jack — 160
McKittrlck .; — "35
Senator 2 00 2 25
Wolverine 1 60 1 62»i
Monte Crlsto 2 40 2 47^
Occidental (of West Virginia). 71 72
Petroleum Center 24 25
Reed Crude 66 70
Rex .....' — 75
San Joaquln 0. & D. Co 12 75 13 00
Sterling O. &; D. Co 3 30 3 40
Twenty-eight 2 20 2 25
"Westlake 22 24
Westshore — 4 70
Yukon SO 55
Continental : — 100
Junction 80 ' 85
Peerless 8 75 8 87<i .
Plttsburg 40 —
Queen Esther — 50
Thirty-three Oil Co 12 50 '13 00'
STOCKS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. i
\ ; &\ fi - Steamers leave Broadway*
*t. wharf, San Francisco:*.
K3feH&- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
!|s|HS>L Feb. 10, 15. 20, 25. March 2.
|9P a >>*&j9! B ' Change to company's steamers
UkSsI YbI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
JDpSK^-rtSgl C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^*8sJWRM Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
"** 11. a. I m..' Feb. 10. 15, 20, 25,
March 2. and every- fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
rt ma to N. P; Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 12,
17, 22, 27, March 4. and every t fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa P.csa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Crua, Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ticos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavl- j
eta. Santa Barbara. Ventura.' Hueneme. San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles), and
Newport— Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; i
steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. Ia Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. rn.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— < New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen..Agl8-.
. 10-,Market St.. San Francisco. J
THE 0, R. &H. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
1= O "Ft. rr -I-i -A.3STID
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CAnr $12 First Class including Berth
iMnL $3 Second Class and Metis. .
COLUMBIA Sails.:...: Feb. 1!. 22. Mar. *
GEO. W., ELDER Sails Feb. 17, 27. Mar. »
Short Lln« to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points. In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
- 630 Market St.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Illogo), Nagasaki ana Shanghai, and .
connecting at Hongkcng with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Balling. '."v <:¦
SS. NIPPON MARU \
Tuesday. February 19, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU Friday. March 15. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
s, Tuesday, April 9, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and. passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KSW TORK. BOtrrHllIPTON. LONDON. PABI9L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Louis.. Feb. SflSt.' Louis March 1J
New York Feb. 2i New York..... March 20
Vaderland ....March 6lVaderland ....March 27
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon %
Voordland Feb. 20|Westernland ..March 13
Frlesland ...7. ..Feb. 27 Kensington ...March 20
Sout'hwark ...March 61 Noordland March 37
INTERNATIONA*. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D., TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery street.
Biff ftS.!£$ <VL0. ZEALAND »0 SYDNEY,
V VVUIIIV JJ»JJy Wi DIRECT USE to TAHITI.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Monday, February 11, U noon
«?S VENTURA, fqr Honolulu, Samoa, New
i "Zealand and Australia.'......... ............
.Wednesday, February 13, at 9 p. m.
SS - X^.^ O . SA .sTturd^ U FebruaVy m
I O.SPriSLS k BROS. CO., General JlQents, 321 Market St
cen'l Passanp Oto, 643 Iferkst St., Pisr fo. 1. Pacifis St
1ANAMAR.R.S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin, 1*1 03; Steerage. $4O.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S..S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont St.. at i p. m.
Freight and passengeHofflce. 330 Market st.
* Telg F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACiriC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
COMPANIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORS*
To Valparaiso, stopping: at Mexican. Central
and American ports. From section No.
1 SS S pTLENA Sa . 1 . U "!:.: February 20. 1901
SS' COLOMBIA • March 7. 1901
SS tt'CAPEL ¦ March 20.1901
II" AREQUIPA April 4. 1901 |
These steamers are built expressly for Central ,
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
nassenger office. 318 California street.
pa BALFOUR. OUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
COMFAGNIS 6EMSBAL2 TEANSATLANTIQTJS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
•Sailing every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, --«T<ys*
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
, n unvrn S55 and upward. Second class to
Havrt $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue, Snn Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
St?=-"or "**r.nt*ceMT "
MON., TuJs.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m,, 3:15, 1:30 p. m. Ox. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:3»; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and olflce. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
. -¦.<.%-! '¦¦'. I>ally.l Pally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran] 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p.
•*. Merced .. 12:25 p' 1:17 p 1:15a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
"¦Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p- 7:06 a
•' Vlsalla .. 4:l0p 4:10 p 4:45a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
V Bksneld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30a
"¦Chicago 2:15p 9:Q0p
.a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second clas*
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 d. m. ls the Overland Exuress. with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining; Chair Car. also Palace
Sleer>er. which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. ls Bakersfl«ld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. mj dally.
Offices— 641 Market st*eet and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco ;^11S Broadway, Oak-
; land. ..-¦¦•¦¦••
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallt* F«rry.
Commencing September 30; 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. *9:15. ll:flO a. m.. *1:*3.
3.13, 4:00. 5:15. *S:15. <:40 p. m. , j rstei**«*ip«£us
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:C0 and 11:33 p. m.
.SUNDAYS— 'i-M,. »10:CO. »ll:30 a. m.. # 1:15,
3:13. *4:15. 6:30, 9:C0 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— E:?0, »S:30. 7:43, 9:30 a, m.,
•12:30. 1:43.. '3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. uT.
I .EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and" Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20, •8:00. 'lO^. »n:45 a, m.,
•1:40, »2:15, 4:45. ,»«:30 p. m.
. : Trains marked (•) start from /San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 9:30 a. m..
12:35, 2:10, 3:30, 4:54,. B:20 p.:m.
EXTRA - TRIPS ' on ; Mondays, :, Wednesdays
rnd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15, »:*>,
6:00. 6:45 p. m. '
. THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week daya— Cazadero and way
stations. . ¦- .
. 1:43 . p. _,. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations." - -
8:00 -a. m. Sunday*— Tomales and way
stations. \ . —
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, w'th annex. 607 California et- t may
b« found a most exceptionally pood table, at-
tractive and elgbtly rooms at modest rates.
tl.EGAXTLT & newly furnished eunny apart-
m^nts, with, or without board; culelne unex-
celled. DiS% Broadway, cor, 12th st., Oak-
land, top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBUS'SON.Prop.
1:OOMS and board; prices reasonable. US
First et.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I1W.O00 TO loan on 1st mortgages; will loan on
£0 jwr cent; t*&ty payments: mutual plan.
Ap;ly M. J.. Box 1476, Call office^
BAD t*>r.ants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
«li M^MKomen' ft., rooms S-10; tel. K.80.
BEWPCO MACniXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kindB bought, sold and repairing puaran-
¦ teed. Charles Plambeck. 1»15 Mission. nr.lSth.
ALL kinds bought, fold, rented, exchanRed, re-
paired; cpen even.; phone Black 1124. 2C5 4th.
FOUGHT. s=old. rented, repaired: needle* and
shuttles; reduced rate*. 145 6th: phone Mint S.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIKhCE-RODOLPH Ptorape and Moving Co..
office. Post and rowell stt.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN' WEPT Ptorsce Warehouse. 840 MIs-
flon st.; tel. Mint l^L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
EEKINS Van and Ptoraee Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main IMP: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BATtGAIVS IN' TYPEWRITERS— We
*ell better machines tor less money than any
house in th» city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
i:»rhangf. ISS California; telephone Main 266.
DIVIDCXD XOTICES.
T>r^'Ti>rJSX>~'izotlt*— BlvMe^~i?or~lS~Ttwenty^
• e -enta r*r share) of the Kilauea Sugar
itlcn Oo., will be payable at the offlc.?
i company. ZZl Market St.. on and after
.^y. K«*bruary 13. 1S01. Transfer books
' <-losod Friday. February S. 1301. at 3 o'clock
T- m- E. H. t-HELPOX. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— California Wine Asso-
ciation.— Dividend No. 18 of sixty cents per
chare haa been declared, and is payable on
«nd after Monday. February 11, 1901. at the
Union Trust Company of San Francieco.
Etock bocks will close on Tuesday, February
r. ISO, at t o'clock p. rn., up to which date
transfers of stock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. By order of the Board of
Ul rector*.
HEyRT VAX BERGEN. Secretary.
'DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 2S. of Seventy-
five Centa f75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal ctock of the company Mas been declared.
I-ayable at the office of the company, 430
California rt., San Francisco, on February
11. 1901. Transfer books elope February 4,
1S01. at nooa. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
.DIVIDEND NOTlCE-^Oividend No. ' 24 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will- be payable at the
office of the "empany, 327 Market St.. on and
after Mor lay. February 11. 1901. Transfer
books clc«e on Monday. February 4. 1M1.
at S o'clocn. E. H. FHELDOy. Sec.
PROPOSALS.
PliOPOSALS for Clothing and Equipag-e. Depot
Quartermaster's Office. 36 Xtw Montgomery
ft., fan Francisco, Cal., February ». 1901.—
Fealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
recflv^d at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Usnday, February 25, 1SC1. Pacific Standard
Tiro*, and then cp*"n*»d. for furnishing Rub-
ber Ponchos, Brown Cotton Stockings, Garri-
son FJags. Post Flags, Storm and Recruiting
Flats. Quantities to be subject to 50 per
oftit increase, if desired, by this department.
Bids will t«? opened for the dell\-ery of the
sair.e arriciee at either the San Francisco.
Boston, Chicago and Philadelphia Depots. To
avoid rr.iFundTEtandlnK es to the exact na-
ture of the articles to be furnished, bidders
will carefully examine the standard samples
and speciflcatione. eo that proposals may be
submitted by them with a full knowledge of
what will b» required. In the matter of Pon-
chos the attention of -bidders is called to the
fact that the sealed samples do not strictly ;
conform to the specifications, that the latter
will overs exclusively, and further, that :
the samples show only the general character ,
of the Ponchos to be furnished. Bids upon
sarr.rles differing from specifications and
samples upon which bids are invited will un-
der no circumstances t>e entertainers, nor will
vineuaranteed bids be considered. Proposals
for less quantities than advertised for will
be entertained. Bids for delivery or Inspec-
tion at other points than those named above
will not be considered. Early deliveries ar* j
essential. Bidders mast state in their propo-
sals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them, and that no
priinorition should V* made which they are
no! positive that they can absolutely rulfill.
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic rToduction and manufacture, conditions I
of price and quality belns: equal (including
In the -price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and euch prefer* j
?nee will be given to articles of American |
production and manufacture produced on the
I'aclSc Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or ;
reject anj- or all proposals nr any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will T5« furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be endorsed "Pro-
j>osals N'n. 1271," and addressed to Major
' OSCAR F. LON'O. Quartermaster. U. 6.
Vnls , ICnnt Quartermaster.
MASEIAGE LICENSES.
The following; marriage licenses were issued
yesverdzy:
John M. Con way. 86, VA "Webster street, and
Annie Ruhndorff, 32, SC4 Webster street.
Henry Sachs. C3. city, and Ella Newell. C3,
city.
Alexander Armour. 36, RK6 Illinois street, and
Elisabeth Ohlendorf, V>. £52 Iowa etreet.
John Peterson, 23, 71S Greenwtch street, and
r.osa Fotsrh, 21. 71S Greenwich street.
Alexander L.. Partlngton. 2S. 128 Natoma
street, and Bertha Walker, 20. fit. Luke'a Hos-
fital.
V.'ilhelrn Kronqultt, 2?, San Mateo, and Anna
M- Mattson, 29, UCS De Haro street.
Jose F. Neves. 25, Grand Island, and Jo-
fpphine- A. Smith, IS. Grand Island.
Abraham Diamond. 22, 37 Chesley street, and
Sarah Hlackman. 1«. 220 I^angton street.
' BIRTHS— MABRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, rr.arrls-ce and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
•n at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
APELr- In this city. February 7. 1901. to the
wife of Paul Apel. a son.
KILDAT— In this city, January 28, 1901. to the
wife of William Kllday, a eon.
PIASTERS— In this city, February 1. 1901, to
¦ the wife of I. V.. Masters, a son.
- jytarried"
KRAFT— BRUXKER— In this city. February 7.
H*Lby the Rav. W. C. Pond. J. Athol Kraft
of Wadsworth. Kev.. and Kathryn I* Brun-
r.er of San Francisco.
FTAXFORD— MERSING— In this city. Febru-
ary «. 1&01. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Dr.
Geor*re G. Stanford and Freda E. Merslng.
_ DIED.
Arch elm. Samuel McGalre, Bridget
Branson. William B. Hack, John A.
Bunemann. Matilda Mayer. Jacob G.
Cheffers, Alfred B. Murphy. Nicholas
Cronln. John F. Nicolas, Mamie
Downs. Robert C. O'Connor, Mary
].'i.-n»aM, Mrs. M. ' Olsen, John
Earle. Mary Paugh. Dr. Win. J.
Ftgel, Isabel E. Plumkett. Hannah
Grove, Mary E. Re«d. Bridget
Harkinson, Catherine Ross, John
Kennedy. W. F. t ¦ Scoville. Eugenia C
Kyser. Ella A. Talcott. Harvey T>.
Lang. John Tay. Charles F.
Lillie. Charles W. Tober. Pauline
McDonald, Ellen White Mercy
McDunneil. Catherine Woodwortb, Cornelia
ASCHEIM— in New Tork. February 7. 1901.
Samuel, brother of Morris. I. J.. Nathan and
Johanna Ascheim. formerly a resident of
Piumas County and of San Francisco aged
f,S jears.
BRANSON— In this c'ty. February «, 1901.
William B.. beloved husband of Charlotte
Branson, and brother of Thomas Branson a
native of Hellidon, England, aged 46 years
(-^Friends and acquaintances are ntsec*-
fully invited to attend th« funeral this day
<Sjturday>. at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Joseph Hagan. 1707 Sacramento
strett, near Polk. Interment Laurel Kill
Cemetery.
EUNEMAKIC— In this city. February t. 19CX
Matilda Bunemann. only daughter of Meta
Bunemann, and sister of William and Ed-
ward Bunemann, a natl\-e of San Francisco
r— cd S3 years 9 months and 12 days.
E^TFriendB and acquaintances are rtipect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her brnti>er. SS2 Hayes street. Interment L
O. O. F. Cemetery.
CHEFFERS— In thi« city. February 7. 130L
~~A!fred~B7 ChefTers, a native of England, age.1
46 years.
CirFrierids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<fiunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his brotbeV. Charles Cheffers. IS Rlncon
place. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
electric ear*
CROX1N— In this city, February 8, 190L John
F.. beloved von of Daniel and Ella Cronln,
and brother of Marguerite and Daniel Cro-
nln. ii native of Ban Francisco, aged 6 years
and U.daj-s.
(T7"The funeral will take place thin day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
cf the parents, 89 Silver street, between Sec- '
' ond and Tnlrd. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DOWN'S— In Sutter Creek. February «. 1901,
BAILWAY TBAVEL. .
A-;.--.;- :
Glimmering
Goer
The California Limited
Glimmers and goes
To Chicago In 3 days,
On tho
Santa Fe
S0IIHRM P»«!irit' COJIF41T.
)r*Oino aTitiiO
TrftlM !••»*• mm«I Mr* «ln* t* arrif • Hi
.u MAN rilANCIftCO,
> "- ' (Main line. Foot of Market Sites! ) ,
LBATB — " T»O* JAJTOAST 1. 1801. — AMMXTB
TiSOa BenlcK 8u!shd, Elaiira, Vacarfllik'
Rurcmi »nd fcucrntuento 7143*
7i»»* D»tU, Woodland. KnlghU L»adlnj,
- MvjiTille, Oxo*Ule_- -I*!?* 1
TiS0« Atlantic E»pre«-Ogdei. aad Baa* l»>19r
• U'OOAMartiiiW.SaulUraov.ValleJo.Napa.
Calif Urn* and 8auU Koia •i!3f
S:O«a Nile*. liTermora. Triey. LathroR
Stockton • 7il3r
¦ r »tr a Shasta t xoreso— Dt»l«, WilH»an< It ox
BarUett 8»rln»), Willow*. ft«*
Bluff, Portlani.. *«3*
SiSOa B»u Joie, Lhermor*. Stockton. %
lone. Haerameuto. PUcettUle.
M«r|s?Hl». Chlco. lte.l Bluff *•!**'
HjI»a O»kd»!.«-, Chinese, lionor*. Carten... «»•»*
!»:«O* Howards. NU« and Waj Station*. UiU«
ViOtfiLos Angeles Eivress - Martiues.
Tracy, Lathrop. rttocklnu. Mnoetl
Treauo ami Lob Angoles "»}••*
«:»«* V«ll«J«. Martnies »»U Waf Stations »i«»P
IUiUNa The Overlana Limited— Ogden. Den-
t«, Omaha. Chlcaji •»4 : »r
1 1 :00a KU«. Stockton. Sacramento, Men.
dota, Fresno. Hanford. Vlialla,
rorter*lll« «i!3*
1 1 iOOa LlTtmore, Sanger. Goahen > Jon»
Oon. B»k«nfleld. l*» Angelea
? liOOpSaeraiuwitoKlierSteaineis.. ....... t*'*J*
3:00r Hajwardi, Nil*t and Waj BtaUou. 0«*»r
4:<H>r Martinet. Han lUnion. Vallejo, •
N»n«. «all.t«nc». «*»»» Kosa »t!3*
4. our Benlela. Wtntetm. MaeranianU\
Woorilaml. Kni*l.U J.«odli.g.
v-; .1arrsilUe.OfOfllto...._ ¦••**•
filrtrHtywirds, Miles ami San Jo«e...... iJ^JJ*
5:00p Nile*, liwmoro. Stockton Lodl ... 10143a
g3:O0j> Sun.et Limited. Kl Paso. *••*._,-_.
Orleans and East. el«tl».»
S:OOrTlin Owl IJoalted-Traey. »«••»".
Bakersdeld. Baojus for Santa Bar-
bara. I-os Angles. ••••• »•»•»*
BtOffrNew Orlean* Bipress-IUkeislIeld.
Hank* IUrli»r*. I. ui Angeles. Dora.
• Ing. Kl Paso. New Orleaua and
Kast •.•.••••««.•»••*•••••••*••*••• ••"••a
«:O«p najwar'd»."Nifef andKan Jose ,T J V2»
tatonrVufleJd «• ••»»?
Atttor Oriental Mall-Olden, Chejenna,
Omaha. Chlc»gt> *»il3»
8:«0r Oriental 'Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Oraiha. Chicw €U»»
7:00p Oregon and California IJnTMs.Hafl.
r.u.i«ut.», Maumllle ItaMlng.
r m t.r>iii.l l'Mii«t Hound ami Kaak 8:1.14
M.a.t P 8an P»b!o. P««rt Costa. Maxtlnei
ami Way Htatlons — 1 l!i?t
COAST HIT 1SION (Narrow (Uujre). 4
(Foot of M»rkct Street. >
" SiI.Ia Newark. CenterTllle.Saj.JoiMJ.Fe.ltoi>.
Houlile r Cif ek.Sauta Orua and waj
rotations •«»•»
(StlSp Nowark. Oeiilertllle. San .loss. Hew
Alm».i<m. Feltou. iloulder Creek.
4il»r Newark, Han Jone. Los Gates »:•"»•*
o«:30r Hunter* 1 Exsnnlon. San Josa and
Way Buttons : - I'TPT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•rrcmSiH m»C!SC0— UM sf Maritt SUnKSli* I)— •
t7:15 >:00 11:00a.m. 1:00 »:00 «:tfp.m.
From Oakland— Foot of Broadway.— f3 t3 H'M
10:C0a.m. 12:00 1:00 4:00p.m.
C'OAST I»ITISH)5 (nr»ail Gange).
('fhlnl and Town«eml St*.)
~10.HU Ocean View. 8o>Uh .S»» KntucUcu.. 1*»:UUP
' 7.w»* Ha.. Jo»e a...! W»» 8Utl.«.s (New
Al.im.lMi \Ve<li>«"<i*ls only) liS»»
*•••* Kan J.«e. Tres IM..OS. M».»t» Cr««.
raallic Onue. 1'aso ItuWrs. Han
Lull <)l»lsi«>. Hurf. I.oaipoc and
1'rliie'val W«y Hutlm.s «•••»
l*.l«> Ban Jose ami Way Statloirt S.aat
1 lt3«A H«n Josa a...1 Way 8 tatfcma ........ »»•»•»
I t*>43p 8an Matun, UeUwood. Menlo Far*.
Pa'.o Alto. Santa Clara, Ha». lose.
Trt* Pinos. HauU Or.ns. 8alln»*
Monterey an.l raciftc «r..»e "2'?"*
•SiKwp .Man Jose ami Way Stations =¦""*
H:"*? 8"j"ea,.a Principal W.,Stmtlo,.s ••«*
«3:UOrSan Jo«e, Los Gatos and Principal
, .^ffl'ife^^KaffiS
! tBuniiayeiwpted. X Snadaj on*.
t Mondajs, Wedaesdars, Fridays,
S c Tu;»d iya. TbursOaja. 3andaja> •
! a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NDRTHWESTEBN El. Ca
IjESSEB -:; : -
SA!1 F3AHCISC0 AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
* Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Marlt«t SC
8 .San Fran;"sco t^> San Pnf#»e'.
. TIBURON FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET 31.
WKEK DATS— 7:*.. »:0O. 11:00 a. rax U:3S. »:30.
- 6:10, 6:30 p. rn. Thursdays — Extra trip at li:»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
STJNDATS-8:00. 1:10. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 1:30. 1:00.
(:20 p. m.
oun Kni;i:i to Snn Francisco.
1\"EKK DATS— «:l». 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; U:«.
1:*1 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at V.U
and (:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:10. »:*0. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. J:«. 5:05.
Bctween^San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
same ichedule aa above.
Leave | la Effect 1 Arrlv*
San Francisco. | Nov. T. 1900. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ' j Sun- ) Week
Do > s. I days. [ Destination. | days, f Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40am 8:40 am
t:JO pm 9:30 am Petalnma. •:« pm 10:» am
' 8:10 pm t:0O pm Santa Roaa. 7:1* pm «:O pm
Fulton,
730 am Windsor, M:XS aa
Healdsbors. *TVi
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:30 pin J:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 1:33 pm
7. SO ami > I Hopland I |
j 8':0O am| *°d m"ah. | 7:35 pm{ «:» pm
7 -SO am 13:25 am
8:00 am Guemsvllle. 7:3S pm
t:30pm •t:Cpra
1:30 am 8:00 an) Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
* ' and
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:05 pm «:33 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami |10:«0 «m|l°:*£ *=»
1:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm| 8:M pm
Etaces connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
I Bprlrits and "White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altrurta:at Lytton for Lytton Springs: »t
Geyservllle fcr Ekaajca Sprina^; at Cloverdale)
(or the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Spring's. Highland Springs. KelseyvMe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlet*.
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratest*
Bprlnss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Del] Lake. Witter
~ Springs, Upper Lake.- Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Splines.
i Mendocino City. Fort Brarr. Westport. UsaL
WUletta. Laytonvllle. Cummlnga. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Oisena. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
v Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*.
1 duced rates. S
On Sundays, round-trtp tickets to all potat*
m beyond San Rafael at half rat»».
Ticket office, (SO Market «t.. Chronicle bnlloV
n j jag. R. X. RTAN,
H. C. WHTTTNO. ; Qen. Paaa> Alt.
.Gen. Mananrwr. - '¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
). Via Sus»;iw Ferry- Foot of Mir Vet St. •
¦t l¥. its maaj. a*. *••• rn*n.
« 9:15 a. M.I . wirnrnivn ( >:COr.x.
s - 1:« P. M. WEEK DATS . 9 .^ p M
4:00 r. m.) Stay ovetBlghtat the TAvnur i i&» a.m.
.. 8:00 a. U.I I 1.-0OP.M.
10:00 A.M. I qr\'I)AVS ' . !«-'00 f .>«.
11:30 a. M. ' SX3^ DA^ 3 4:M r.M.
X 1:15 P.M.) I-*" 1&53P.SI.
tars. San Franei^a to Summ t aad Return. $l.*O.
¦' Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., <b Saasalito Ferry.
> /^~°%k r « Gibbon's Dispensary,
j^f|* s j(^lii 1*34 for the treatment of Prlvnte
y » JJL-lSf W^a'es. Lost Manhood, bebilltyor
W(»>«gapa<1l5«>as» wearingon body ami tnlnd and
v »3^^S l ktj| s '*ln DiseAses. The Doctorcures when
fail. Try htm. Charges low.
y r ' — * Cniiorwrlw.
v. Pr. J. F. OIUBOX. bau Fnuidaco, Cat
Robert C. Downs, a native of Connecticut,
aged 72 years T months and 19 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Baturday), at Cypress Lawn Chapel at 4
o'clock. Friends will leave on 3 o'clock train
at Third and Townsend streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
>UENWALD— In this city, February 8, 1901,
Mrs. Marie Duenwald, dearly beloved mother
of Frank H. and Henry W. Duenwald. Mrs.
•George Young, Mrs. Peter Young and the
•late Charles F. Duenwald and Minnie L.
•Taeck. a native of Coblenz, Germany, aged
73 years 8 months and 26 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 120 Valparaiso street, off Jones, be-
tween Filbert and Greenwich. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
EARLE-In this city. February 7. 1301. Mary.-
wife of Michael Earle, and lovtng mother of
J. S., Mary and Margaret Earle and Mrs.
George W. Dlake, a native of the city of
Limerick, Ireland, aped 61 years.
!E/"The funeral will take place this day
<Saturday). at 9 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
FIGEL— In this city, February 8. 1901, Isabel
Eve Fleel. dearly beloved wife of Joseph
Fitel, and loving mother of Philip I.. Fred
H. and Theodore A. Flgel. a native of New
York City, aged 61 years 1 month and 6 days.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GROVE— In this city. February 7, 1901, Mary
E. Grove, relict of the; late Captain Grove,
and mother of Minnie and Florence Grove, a
native of Kentucky, aged 62 years and 2
months. (Phoenix, Arir.. papers please copy.;
E7Friendfe and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1128 Sutter street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HARKINSON— In Oakland. February 8, 1901,
Catherine Harklnson. widow of the late
Charles Harkinson, and mother of Robert,
Jchn L.. Donald D. and Frank F. Harkln-
«on and Marion Knelish, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 66 years 9 months and 1 day.
"tC7Funeral services to-morrow (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1951 Grove
street. Oakland. .Interment at Dlxon, Cal.
KEN.\EDT-In Suisun, February 6. 1901. W.
F\ Kennedy, aged S6 years 4 months and 1
day.
CT'Ftien'is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day'
(Saturday), from foot of Market street upon
arrival of t»-ain from Suisun at 12:15 o'clock,
thence by funeral car to Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KYSER— In Napa, Cal.. Ella A., beloved wife
of D. S. Kyser, mother of J. G., Frankie and
Margie Kyser, and sister of Mrs. Charles
We-lti. aged 41 years.
lC?"Funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at ?
*'clock. at Nara.
LANG— In Oakland, February 8, 1901. John,
beloved husband of Bridget Lang, a natlvs
of County Limerick. Ireland, aged 55 years.
{Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1IC3 Chestnut street, thence to ft.
Francis de Sales Church. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
LILLIE— In Elstnore. Riverside County. Cal.,
February ", 1901, Charles Walter Lillle. be-
loved son cf Henry Lillie. and brother (if
Frank C. and the late William H. Lillie, a
native of Minnesota.
McDONALD— In this city, February 8, 1901.
Ellen McDonald, beloved cousin of tha late
Thomas Delaney, a native of County Car-
low, Ireland.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
? Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resU
dence, 396 Ninth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McDONNELL— In this city, February 7, 1901,
at St. Mary's Hospital, Catherine McDonnell,
beloved sister of Michael McDonnell, Mrs.
Patrick Joyner and Sister Ignatius, a na-
tive of County Meath. Ireland.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
( Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her eoul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McGUIRE-In this city. February 8, 1901, at
her residence, 208 Grove etreet, Bridget, be-
loved wife of the late John McGulre. and
mother of Bart, John, James and Alice Me-
Gulre, Mrs. W. J. Eagan. Mrs. J. J. Ma-
honey and Mrs. F. I. Devlin, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 64 years.
CyNotlce of funeral herealter.
MACK— In this city, February 7, 190L John
August, beloved husband of Annie Mack, and
father of Willie. LSllle. John. Lena. Annie
and Mary Mack, a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 53 years 7 months and 28
days.
r-yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Msass, 917 Mission etreet. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. /
JIAYER — In Sonoma, February 6, 3901, Jacob
G. Mayer, beloved father of Jacob F. Mayer,
and brother of L. Wj Mayer of Sonoma, a
native of TTurtembers, Germany, aped S5
j-ears and 13 days.
pyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of 1
H. F. "Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
rress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
MURPHT— In this city. February 8, 1901,
Nicholas Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years 10 months and 21 days.
NICOLAS— In this city. February' ?. 190L
Mamie Nicolas, wife of Alexis Nicolas, and
beloved mother of Alice and Leonle Nicola?,
a native of France, aged 35 years 4 months
and 18 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city, February S. ISO!.
Mary, beloved wife of the late Jeremiah
O'Connor, mother of John O'Connor and Mrs.
Frank Johnston, grandmother of Frankie ana
Etta Johnston, and mother-in-law of' Frank
Johnston, a native of Ross Hill, parish of
Castlegar, County Galway, Ireland, aged 56
years 4 months and 20 days. (Boston, Mass.,
papers please copy.)
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Company. 20 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser-
vices, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
OLSEN-In this city. February' «. 1901. John,
beloved husband of Annie M. Olsen. and be-
loved father of Thora, John and Henry Olsen,
a native of Norway, aged 55 years 5 months
and 29 days.
l£7Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Scandinavian Society are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late residence.
106 Eureka street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, via electric car from Eighteenth
and Eureka streets, at 3:15 o'clock.
PAUGH— In Alameda, February 7. 1901. D-.
William J. Paugh. a native of Indiana.
PLUMKETT— In this city, February 8, 190L
Hannah Plumkett. beloved mother of Mamie.
Kate, Lilian and Margaret Plumkett. a native
of Galwav, Ireland.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
REED-rln this city, February 8, 1901, Bridget,
beloved wife of Michael Reed, and mother of
. James. Lizzie. Mattle. Frances. Laura and
Arthur Reed. Mrs. J. W. Porter. Mrs. T. J.
Sherry and Mrs. D. C. Crowley, a native of
Limerick, Ireland, aged 51 years II months
and 21 days. '
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3222 Eighteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSS— In the Citv and County Hospital. Feb-
ruary 8, 1901, John Ross, a native of Maine,
aged Cl years.
SCOVILLB-In Oakland, February 7. 1901, Eu-
genia Clare, beloved daughter of Frank E.
and Mary E. Scoville. a native of Oakland,
aged 2 years 8 months and 14 days.
TALCOTT— In this city, February 6, 1901,
Harvey D.. beloved husband of Georgia S.
Talcott. and father of John and Dorothy Tal-
cott. a native of Herklmer County.. New
York, aged E6 years 10 months and 12 days.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Central M. E.
Church, Mission street, between , Sixth and
Seventh. Interment National Cemetery. Re-
mains at the funeral parlors of Charles H.
Jacob & Co., 218 Mason street, , between
CFarrell and Geary.
TAY— In this city, February 8, 1901. Charles
Fox. Tay, aged 29 years and 3 months.
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
TOBER— In Oakland, February 8. 190L at the
King's' Daughters', Pauline Tober, beloved
mother of C. C. Tober, a native of Missouri,
aged 78 years 1 month and 14 days. .
WHITE— In this city, February 7. 1901, Mercy,
widow of the late William White. an«l
mother of William, Henry. Walter and An-
nie White and Mrs. Edward Durkee, a na-
tive of England, aged 69 years 1 month and
S days.
EXFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence. S37 Buena
Vista avenue, between Waller and Frederick
streets. Interment I. p. O. F. Cemetery.
WOODWORTH— In this city. February 6, 1901.
Cornelia J. • B.. wife of Rev. James W00U-
worth. daughter of the late Weston F. Birch,
and Bister of James T. Birch of St. Louis,
Mo. (St. Louis, Fayette and Glasgow, Mo.,
papers .please copy.)
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Trinity , Presbyterian
Church. Twenty-tnlrd and Cspp streets. . In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
W« wish to express our thanks and grati-
tude to our many , friends f«r the extreme
kindness and sympathy shown to us In our
hour of bereavement. ,
MRS. MARGARET GRAHAM.
MATTHEW GRAHAM. ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan &. Gallagher.)
.„,„„« DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.:"
¦ Telephone South . 80. ¦
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 2J Fifth st. TeL South i67.
IUNEKAL DIBECT0R3 AND EKBALKEBl.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates". -"L'Alglon." which ha? earned the place
of honor in her repertoire, is the story of
the unfortunate and moody Duke of
Reichstadt. the only and luckless son of
Napokon I, v.ho was successively styled
King of Rome, Emperor of the French
and Duke of Reichstadt.
the masterpiece. "Cyrano de Bergerac."
n^mhardt'* appearance with M. Constant
Coquelin on their farewell American tour
will easily be the premier event of the
present theatrical season. It is an ex
traordinary thing to see two such super
lative artists barring jointly, and the
plays of their repertoire are uniformly
presented on a scale «f unparalleled mag
nificence. Madame Bernhardfs support
is as usual composed of actors who have
T^-ned their reputations with her In
Europe.
GREAT FRENCH STAR. WHO
WILL APPEAR IN THIS CITY
FOR TWO WEEKS.
DENVER. Feb. 8.— Sarah Bernhardt. M.
Coquelin rnd iour members of her com
pany went to Colorado Springs Thursday
to see the Garden of the Gods In a snow
storm. In order to be sure' of accommo
dations Mme. Bernhardt telegraphed to
Ihe three cab companies in Colorado
Springs to have carriages waiting. When
her party arrived there was a procession
of carriages at the depot and a crowd
waiting to learn whose funeral it was.
The .half-dozen visitors took three car
riages and left the rest at the station.
When, after driving about all day, Mme.
Bernhardt returned to catch the Denver
express she was confronted by the man
agers of two cab companies and a dozen
irate drivers, who demanded full pay for
all the carriages ordered for the drive.
Mme. Bernhardt protested vigorously, bu:
in the end she had to pay for fifteen car
riages.
the Visitor's Autocratic
Methods.
D«nver Hackmen Fail to Appreciate
BEENHAfiDT HAS TO PAY
FOB FIFTEEN CARRIAGES
At the conclusion of "L'Alplon's" run
of a week the following plays will be
presented: "Cyrano de Bergerac." "La
Tosca." "La Dame aux Camelias,"
"Phedre" and "I>es Precleuses Ridicules."
"L'Aiglon" is a fascinating story, and
-should create a deep impression when
presented by fo great an artist as Bern
hardt. Even though the substance of the
play is not absolutely realistic, interest
In a character that excited such a stu
pendous influence in the world at a most
exciting period of Its history has com
manded for it the attention and appro
bation of international audiences.
Coquelln Is the Flambeau, an ex-ser
geant of the Old Imperial Guard, who had
followed the first Napoleon all over Eu
rope in his famous campaigns, and whose
business In the Interests of French con
spirators ¦was to arouse in the breast of
Reichstadt some understanding of his
father's glory and a disposition to pro
claim his rights to the thVone of France.
The play Is replete with intrigue, strong
acting and comedy, and Coquelin is at his
best in the character.
his own, but also by the spies of Met
ternlch. his grandfather's Prime Minister,
whose machinations follow him through
out his life.
The fourth anniversary entertainment
of Cathedral Council No. 59. Y. M. I., will
be held In Native Sons' Hall on next Fri
day, the 15th. ihst. The affair will be
strictly invitational.
Cathedral Council.
Emma Erzgraber, who attacked and
severely injured her mother at their home,
439 Golden Gate avenue, last Thursday
evening, was adjudged insane yesterday
and committed to the Napa Asylum. Sev
eral witnesses testified that the young
woman had been acting strangely toe
some time.
Emma Erzgraber Committed.
The News Letter comes out this week
with several extra pages of reading mat
ter and not a line that is unreadable.
Reginald Schuyler wants to know why
men should not marry women richer than
themselves, and the question has taxed
the originality of that peculiar genius.
The feature of the issue is a page of
original valentine rhymes — clever indi
vidual hits on the character of the people
you know. Tho News Letter has begun
to offer this wfek a prize for tho best
guess as to what YOU would do under
certain peculiar circumstances. The an
pwers of contestants, published from week
to week, promise to return your money's
worth of fun. There is a dashing letter
from Monterey descriptive of the dolnga
of the swell set out of town. These spe
cial features, together with the regular
departments, make the News Letter this
week. of special Interest.
To-Day's News Letter.
Will Leave To-Day for "Washington
to File His Eeport and Construc
tion Work Will Begin
Soon.
Commander A. G. Menocal of the con
struction department of the United States
navy arrived here yesterday on the steam
ship Nippon Maru and Is at the- Oc
cidental. CommanUor Menocal went to
Manila last November under orders to se
lect a site for a naval station In or near
Manila. He said yesterday that he had
selected a most suitable site at Subig Bay,
about twenty-six miles from Manila, and
that the place was an Ideal spot for a
naval station. No work has yet been com
menced on the construction of wharves
and buildings, and nothing further will be
done until he has filed his report with the
Navy Department at Washington.
Commander Menocal says that the plan
of the Government probably will be to
construct a large drydock and have a
naval repairing yard on a gigantic scale,
so that the ships of the Asiatic squadron
can have all repairs made in the Philip
pines and not be compelled to come aJl
the way across the Pacific.
Commander Menocal will leave for
Washington to-day r.nd will immediately
upon his arrival there file his report. If it
Is favorably accepted plans will at once
be drawn for the construction of the yard,
and In a short time a force of experts will
be sent to Manila to superintend this
work.
Captain George F. F. "Wilde, who has
been relieved from the command of the
battleship Oregon, arrived also from tho
Orient on the steamship Nippon Maru.
He claims that Hollo would be the best
site for the naval station. He claims that
there is plenty of water there at all times,
and that It has the advantage over Subig
Bay of having two outlets, while the for
mer site has only one.
Captain Wilde, in speaking of the Ore
gon running on the reef near Hoo Kle in
June last year, claims that it was the moat
peculiar accident in the history of modern
navigation. He says the ship wes envel
oped in a dense fog and was steaming
at a low r.ate of speed. The charts showed
that they had plenty of water. Suddenly
the ship struck on a reef that was cov
ered by three fathoms of water. This
reef was never marked on the admiralty
charts at all.
Captain Wilde also claims had not the
Oregon b^en a magnificently built ship
she would have remained where she
was until to-day. After being taken off
• the reef she was taken to Yokohama,
where she was temporarily repaired. In
the captain's opinion, the ship is as sound
as ever she was and that she can still run
as she is now for ten years and could, if
called upon, make as great a run around
the Horn as she did In her famous race
to Cubd during the Spanish-American
war.
Selects Ideal Site for Naval
Station on Shore of
Subig Bay.
MENOCAL RETURNS
FROM PHILIPPINES
Leopold Michel s, of the firm of Greene
baum, Well &'Michels, has recently called
the facts to the attention of the \Var De
partment, find has asked that the Call
iornian be considered the cheaper bidder
for supplies to be used on this coast or
in the Philippines whenever his bid is less
than that of any Eastern competitor with
the freight charges to this coast added.
Mr. Mlchels said yesterday that the
department hod agreed that this was to
the advantage of the Government, for it
Insured a greater number of bids, and the
cost would be really less to the Govern
ment than if the Government had to add
the freight charges to the price paid in
the" East for its Pacific Coast and Manila
supplies. Mr. Mlchels therefore thinks
that hereafter the San Franciscan will
have an even chance. the - freights being
taken into consideration.
As the matter now stands the.. Eastern
man and the California bidder -for sup
plies for use on the Pacific Coast of the
United States and in the Philippines are
not on an equality in many Instances.
Many materials that form a part of the
supplies in manufactured articles have to
be brought to the Pacific Coast from th©
Eastern. States, and these, having to pay
heavy freight charges, Increase the cost
to the California manufacturer above the
figure thai the Eastern man has to base
his computations and bids on. If an
article, in other words, costs the Eastern
manufacturer a dollar to produce, the
freight rates on materials make the cost
to the Pacific Coast manufacturer a lit
tle more.
Bids will be opened in this and other
cities next, week for a large amount of
army supplies of various kinds. There
will be San Francisco bids as a matter
of course, but there is little expectancy
on the part of some of the bidders that
success will attend them as against the
Eastern competitors, and for a peculiar
reason.
War Department Promises
to Consider Freights on
Supplies.
SAN FRANCISCO
SCORES A POINT
THE ninth annual benefit In aid of
. the charity fund of San Francisco
Lodge No. 21, Theatrical , Me
chanics* Association, will take
place at the Columbia Theater toi
morrow afternoon at -' o'clock. The "men
behind the scenes," who are never seen
in front of the footlights, but whose work
Pacific Council of the National Union
last evening gave tne first of a series of
entertainments It has arranged for
the friends of members. It was In the
Shasta Hall of the Native Sons' building
and was well attended. The programme,
was made up of an address by President
Cutter and musical and literary 'numbers
contributed by Anna Eganhoff , R. H.
Hunt, Little Alma, Hawthorne Mandolin
Club and W. H. Smith. The affair wai
under the direction of Messrs. H. Maass,
W. Galvln, A. S. Nelson and J. N. Bunt-
Ing.
National Union Entertains.
MISS RUBY DAWSON, WHO AP
PEARS AT THE THEATRICAL
MECHANICS' BENEFIT.
is always In evidence in every theatrical
production, have a benevolent and fra
ternal • organization among themselves
and through it they aid . sick and dis
tressed members and bury their dead.
Once a year they give an entertainment
and their programmes are always' Btrong.
Brother Louis .James. -will deliver the
address of welcome to-morrow afternoon
and a mixed bill of sixteen acts will fol
low. The players' scene . from '.'A Mid
summer Night's Dream," the second act
of "The Sorrows of Satan" and the- ballet
of the shepherds and shepherdesses from
"Nell Gwynne" will be given and Miss
Ruby Dawson. an excellent mimic ami
Impersonator, will present a new specialty
for the' first time on any stage. Warren
arid Blanchard, the clever comedians, and
J. K. Murray, tenor, who have been de
lighting Orpheum audienceg of late, will
have novelties to of'er. Vaudeville will
be Interspersed at Irregular Intervals and
among the well-known participants will
be Querlta Vincent, the popular singer
and dancer; the Marcos, "human knots";
the Hawaiian Quartet. Arnold Grazer, the
juvenile toe dancer; the "Waterman sis
ters, ragtime, singers; Hanlon and Singer
Roman ring performers; William Lee
Greenleaf, In imitations of Bill Nye: Lil
lian Levey, the petite soubrette: • Swor,
McGreavey and Swor, in "The Ragtime
Reception," and others. The demand for
seats is large and a full house is assured.
Well-Known .Entertainers to Appear at the
# Benefit of the Charity Fund of the
MejV Who Work Behind the Scenes
PLAYERS WILL AID
THEATER MECHANICS
Justice of the Peace Lone gave judg
ment yesterday against the Sharon Estate
Company and in favor of Adam. Hay An
derson lor $T/>. Anderson was a guest at
the Palace Hotel and some one abstracted
from his room an overcoat and pair of
fhoes. for which he Filed to recover %V).
Must Pay for Ccat and Shoes.
Emma Doettger was arrested yesterday
morning in the Revere House on Mission
street and charged at the Southern . sta
tion with drunkenness. A few moments
after being placed In the cell she attempt
ed to hang herself, and It was with con
siderable difficulty that she was rescued
The woman Is a frequent inmate of the
City I Prison and has a j mania for trying
to end.her life. whenever she gets intoxi
cated. " - ' ' : _ *
/ Tries to Hang Herself.
The police wired to Stockton yesterday
to arrest H. C. Wentworth. a horse deal
er, as he is wanted here on two charges
of embezzlement. It is alleged that in
Aujrust last he got from C.:F. Cresjean,
310 Townsend street, a horse valued at
JIM) to sell, but he made no return of the
eale and appropriated the money. It Is
also charged that he sold a horse belong
ing to M. Friedlander, 624 Golden Gate
avenue, and failed to deliver the proceeds.
Warrants will be sworn out to-day for
his arrest. ,
Wanted for Embezzlement.
This total does npt include the assessed
value of the ; franchise, which Is nearly
$5,400,000. and on which $87,000 in taxes was
paid > last year. .*¦ v
The - cost of the proposed Calaveras
Water Works is placed at $10,677,000, and
the estimated operating expenses for 1<K)1
are fixed at $450,000. Schussler estimates
that, the company requires a yearly rev
enue from water sales exclusive of taxes
or . $1 1 1 yv,oO(j. I ¦ * . *
Total value $40,231,750
Dollars.
Chief Engineer Schusaler, of the* Spring
Valley Water Company filed a statement
with the Board of Supervisors yesterday
in ' which he makes an . estimate of what
he considers to be the valuo»of the plant;
also estimates of the cost of developing
and connecting with this city the pro
posed Calaveras system; also : his esti
mate of the operating expenses necessary
for .the fiscal year 1901-1902, and the cause
of the difference in the cost of water in
New York and San Francisco. ¦
Schussler states that his estimates are
based on the specific purpose for which
the works are now used and adaptable In
the future, namely supplying this city
with water for domestic, municipal and
other purposes now and hereafter. The
recapitulation of the statement follows:
Water rights $10,330,000
S(orage reservoir sites and watershed. 11.3S3.000
I'iytributinK reservoir- sites..:..; ¦ 2,350,000
Distributing pipe system In San Fran
cisco ....;........ 4,186.000
Bight pumping: stations 1,152,000
Pllarcitos headworks and dam 400,000
Pllarcitos conduit to Lake Hfmda E77.0OO
San Andreas dam and pipe line 1,047,000
Locks Creek Nad and . No. 2 aque
ducts 820,000
Crystal Springs dam and pipe line 3.S9S.OO0
Alameda pipe line, etc '. 2.S73 000
Searsvllle dam. etc .¦> 177,000
Lake Merced drainage system 177.0C0
Office, lot In San. Francis6o and other
property ................................. 1.203.7SO
PLACES HIGH VALUATION
ON SPRING VALLEY WORKS
Chief Engineer Schussler Says It Is
Worth Over Forty Million
Superior Judge Cook commenced an in
vestigation yesterSay to determine the
merit of the charges preferred by Benja
min Bernstein, a young man, against the
officials of the Preston- School of Indus
try at lone. Bernstein alleges that he was
flogged r.nd slapped in the face by. the of
ficials, who sought to force him to con
fess that he had set fire to the adminis
tration building of the Preston school, of
which charge he was Innocent. The young
man had been cent to the school aa an In
corrigible, though at the time judgment
was pronounced against him he requested
that he be sent to San Quentin.
David S. Hlrshberg, who was superin
tendent of the school up to December 26
last, testified that he was superintendent
when the boy came to the school, in June
1897. He was in the East when the fire
occurred in the administration building
and on his return he made an Investiga
tion and was satisfied that Bernstein had
nothing to do with it. The boy, he said
was a manageable boy. but was inclined
to be • freakish" when he received letters
from home, ad he seemed to be very fond
of his mother, and became homesick. He
had him flogged at one time for destroy
ing music, but iater on the music was dis
covered and the lad exonerated. He was
confident it would ruin the boy to send
him to Ban Quentin.
Ex-Assistant District Attorney Hosmer
testified that when the boy was arraigned
In the Superior Court he waived counsel,
pleaded guilty and .waived time for sen
tence.
Dr. C. B. Riddick, the present superin
tendent. Captain Woods and A. J. Heeth,
the barber at. the school, whom the boy
accuses of having flogged him, will be ex
amined this morningr. It is believed that
if the boy had been represented by an at
torney when his case came up for trial in
Judge Cook's court In June, 1897. he would
not have been convicted of the crime
charged against him.
The boy's parents and brothers and sis
ters were in court during the examina
tion. ..
Charge of Flogging 1 an In
nocent Boy Being In
vestigated.
IONE OFFICIALS
ARE ACCUSED
Night on Tamalpais.
The tavern on Mount Tamalpais, en
larged and completely equipped, is now
cpen to the public." ••¦
The 4 p. m. train leaving San Francisco
will enable patrons to reach the hostelry
and stop over night arriving in the city
next morning at 10:3o o'clock. .>'
The bill which passed th© Senate a few
days ago allowing the soldiers who en
listed In Manila travel pay from San
Francisco to their homes gives to the men
of the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-sixth In
fantry and the Eleventh Cavalry the ben
efit of two different mileage laws. . When
these three regiments were organized a
law, since repealed, allowed the men
travel pay from Manila to San Francisco,
amounting to about $450. When the State
regiment was sent home to be mustered
out the men remaining behind were al
lowed this sum provided they re-enlisted
in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh In
fantry and the Eleventh Cavalry, which
were then being organized. The offer was
made for the purpose of keeping in the
service men who had had service in the
islands, and proved an alluring bait. The
regiments were recruited in a short time.
The law makers of the United States
about the time the organizations were
completed /thought the payment of mile
age across the ocean was proving too
good a thing, as the men were brought
over on Government transports. They
consequently repealed the law giving the
soldiers this money and only allowed the
men sent home thereafter mileage from
San Francisco to their homes.
Philanthropic politicians have since been
at work securing the passage of the new
bill, with the result that the men of the
three regiments now en route from Ma
nila are benefited by both the old and the
new bill. This means a great deal to the
men. as had the bill not passed they
would have -had to pay their passage home
out of their savings.-
NEW BILL ALLOWS
DOUBLE MILEAGE
Men of Three Regimtnts
Who Enlisted in Manila
Given Far« Home.
¦ The recruits sent to San Francisco from
various parts of the United States and
attached to the First. Second and '{hird
Provisional battalions are not to form the
entire Twenty-sixth Regiment of Infan
try, as was at first supposed. A commu
nication was received yesterday from the
War Department announcing that the
First and .Second Provisional battalions
were selected to form the First Battalion
of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh
Infantry regiments, the first outfits to
be organized under the provisions of the
new army bill.
The First and Second battalions are un
der orders to proceed to Manila on the
16th inst., and the officers upon whom the
work of getting them into shape has de
volved win accompany them, remaining
with them until relieved by the officers
provided under the new bill, when they
will rejoin their regiments.
The First and Second Provisional bat
talions have been constantly drilled for
the last two months and have reached
a degree of efficiency in military tactics
that puts them on a par with many an
older organization. The honor of being se
lected as the foundation upon which new
regiments are to be built repays them for
the many hours of hard drill they have
endured. Captain Hardin and Lieutenant
Rethers, to whom was intrusted the for
mation of the new commands, are greatly
pleased with the result of their labors.
The preliminary work of mustering out
the volunteers will commence this morn-
Ing at the Presidio. A band of medical
officers, under Major Guy L. Edle, has
been appointed and will examine the phys
ical condition of the men upon their dis
charge. The day of mustering out has
been set for February 20.' In addition to
his duties as examining physician Major
Edie has been appointed medical inspec
tor of regimental and volunteer camps at
the Presidio.
Second • Lieutenants Ward Dabney and
Paul A. Barry have been detached from
the First and Second Provisional battal
ions and assigned to duty with the Third.
John Williams. Company E, . Forty
ninth Infantry; John H. Doyle. Company
F, Thirtieth Infantry, and Henry Ray,
Company A, Thirty-seventh Infantry,
died yesterday at the General Hospital.
The men of the Eighteenth Infantry were
paid yesterday by Major Kilbourne. This
is the first payment of troops made since
the closing of the canteens, and the regi
mental.officers are anxiously awaiting de
velopments* In order to determine whether
the closing of the army liquor stores will
prove successful.
One hundred and thirty-one volunteers
will be discharged to-day. .
Recruits at Presidio Make
Up Foundation for New
Organization.
TWO REGIMENTS
WILL BE FORMED
¦.-¦-.'¦-.-,¦ ¦ j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 19O1.
SARAH BERXHARDTS eompanr.
numbering seventy persons, will
arrive in San Francisco to-morrow
morning at 8:30 o'clock for a two
weeks' engagement beginning: on
Monday evening- at the Grand Opera
house. It will be the gTeat French
actress' farewell visit to San Francisco,
and her repertoire includes the most
famous plays, and those ¦which she, more
than any other artist, has done so much
to make famous.
Th* first six nlgrhts and two matinees
will be plven over to the> presentation of
••I/Alprlon," by Edmond Rostand, •which If
anything has brought the poet-dramatist
creator laurels th*n did his creation of
Bernhardt and Ccquelin Will Arrive To-
Morrow and Will Open at the Grand
Opera-House in L'Aiglon Monday Nigh
GREAT FRENCH STARS
IN ROSTAND'S DRAMA
So little is known authentically of the
Duke's life that Roptand has made free
use of poetic license as well as the liberty
of the dramatist in surrounding him with
historical characters, and Bernhardt's
portrayal of the interesting events of his
life is Paid to be one of her best efforts.
Reichstadt has been compared to Ham
let, inasmuch as he was a prototype of
the melancholy Dane. struggling:, hesitat
ing, doubting and weak. The play opens
with a scene at Schoenbrunn, the day
after the revolution of 1S30. Here Reich
etadt is surrounded by a devoted court of
14
If you travel, flsh. hunt or play golf your
constant companion should be Jesse Moore.
H*le'«.» , Sale'*.
l'Aiglbn Collars and Belts
This new idea, wearing pompons of ribbon
T streamers, 'ornamented with gilt spikes, is very
popular. Already these pompons are used on
belts, collars and various parts of the newest
gowns. We are prepared to meet the demand
with a full range of styles IN BELTS-prices— .
45c. 6Sc. 93c. $1.25. $1.98, S2.5O.
IN COU^ASS the stocks are covered with
velvet trimmed around the edge, touched off with
a rosette of ribbon — with velvet streamers and
spiked ends $ x . 2 5
Buy Valentines at Hale's.
c&mm Iroa a lugti wiity tad pty l«is tkta tluvfcm.
The collectiqn jus* • now embraces the most
.original conceptions Cupid ever put in tangible
shape. Whether you have 5c or 50c with which
. to remember your friend, you'll get more for it
here than any place else.
a-lb. bags Peanut Taffy lOc-Tb-'a/™/,.
w- wv° *5« a° K *t m ° T u of J you acquainted with our candy store.
We have a candy man who does nothing but make candy for us.
He has put in this taffy tne purest molasses and filled it with the
finest Virginia peanuts.
Child's Hose Supporters lOc pair r^X^^L*,
Fancy elastic, with button clasp, pink, blue, car- ifife^^ii
dinal, orange or black. In the 2 cross are a full VV!?&&&!Q\
assortment of patterns. We want to sell them r '*S«£SfcSk3§i
all out Saturday, so mark them 10c. v'y^&Stfvr
Newest Tuxedo Mesh Veilings 25c yd. \S||1$
Light and dainty — very newest thing this S*t
• spring— 18 inches wide with large or small che- 4 j4$%z\
nille or velvet dots in self or contrasting shades. *%%?>•
Hosiery at Hate's Saturday.
Child's for 9c : Ladies' for 12Xc. six sty Its ;
Ladies', 3 for 50c, Richelieu ribbed.
Leadership is expensive— costs time ind money and hard worlc *
—Hale's have earned it. We've learned what you like and why you
like. We've found out what mills are reliable. We are past experi-
menting^ — but we are always making new developments (find-
' ing higher values). No one stops learning, even after they get a
diploma. Thus these three:
THE CHILD'S, Oc — Fine ribbed, fast black, cotton hose, Kood
weight and elastic — sizes *?A to Q>4.
THE LADIES', 12^c_Plain black, heavy weight, Ions: and elas-
tic, double soles, heels and toes, plain or ribbed top; also black with
unbleached feet; others with black boots and fancy colored tops; J
others in solid reds and bhies. .
LADIES' EICHEIJETJ RIBBED HOSE, 3 FOR 50c— Cot-'
. ton, fine gauge, solid Richelieu ribbed back and front, with double
soles, heels and toes, sizes 8J<S to ia • «-;
Market <^/Brar *m? opposite
street, fflLdc£®3$sk Golden
near Im^^jfl*<sMi^iP^i3^ > Gate
Sixth. M *~ M <C>' avenue.
Incandescent light wiring a specialty. Elec-
trical Enclncerlns Co.. £Q9-SU Howard at. •
• For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. '•
t Here Are a Few Things
That Will Interest You
To-Day and Monday
- j ~ j
5T£r M^?J£ >I -' ro TOWR.GERMAN FLAN-
da UNDERSKIRTS, on saje to- AC%n
nTi^P*'?! M , OR EEN SKIRTS, aceordeon
In'llt I^S:.^.!!: 59c
Women's Flannel Wrappers Children's Calico
lined throughout, all sizes; on *T A_r+ -" -''.'in* ! * 'i .;»•'•¦
Bale to-day C T"C 1>I*CSS©S
all sizes; pretty
Women's Percale Wrappers /TS& ' ?23S: on ' 8ale
in all colors, lined throughout, *TCkr» ' JfiwSa
nicely trimmed; on sale to-day.... luv A'flr. 3 t £^%
Women's AIJ-Wool Knit
Vests » Sir 3 Children's
\W£*: "?:...?. .™*. ° n .. 8^ 75c Ag II Wool Plaid
Women's Muslin Gowns, J|| 1 1| '
sailor collar, nicely trimmed, on Aftc. aM^zes-^n^sale 1 '
eale to-day "*VFC< vT 4< », to-day. -
Children's Muslih Drawers, $1 25
xx/ » n • «/ -'i Children's Jackets.
Women's Flannel Waists, ln - M C0l0r8 . rejrular - p rlce '„
In all colors and sizes, lined ffQ r ** 10; on sale to-day..;.....:. flJZiUU
throughout; on'sale OUW ¦ .' >'.
' - ¦>•..;•:" .-The balance of our, $$ SILK <£O CZf\
Women's Hermsdorf ™ s *«°" **..<*», *^-5O
Black Hose, We ha vt J^V 1 *7 .
full finished, a good 20c quality; 1QU Mannd UOWrtS.
on Bale to-day. 1^3^ • T ou can have them to-'day at:... AQr
Women's Corsets, Ju8t new lot of BtMls fo ; 8traI(fht
in all sizes; guaranteed perfect fitting;; front corsets; good 20c quality; on • lAp
short or long; on sale BaIe Ivy
39C 48C 75C SI 'F° yards of. No. 7. FANCY SILK RIB-
„. .. . „ . ' , ¦ BON, all colors; on sale to-day, per fsr^.'
Worth from 25c to 50c a pair more. yard ";... .!.%/.. uC
12124214 MARKET STREET, %$&&
MAIL ORDERS RECEIVED.
CIVIL. SERVICE EXAMINATION.— The
United States Civil Service Commission an-
nounces that on March 19 an examination will
be held in this city and elsewhere for the
position of examiner of surveys, general land
office service. Persons who desire to compete
should apply at once to the United States Civil
Service Commission at Washington, D. C, for
application forms 304 and 375.
FOR A CHARITABLB OBJECIV-An enter-
tainment and . ball . will be grlven at Armory
Hall. 1327 Market street, on Wednesday even-
lnr. February 20. by Troop A. Cavalry, Sec-
ond Brigade. N. G. C, for the benefit of the
mother of their late comrade, Peter Rodrlges.
faal BS«Efr llffflifilf- 1 sir**
SFECiAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
Best Granulated Cana SUGAR, 13 Ita. .$1.00
Extra Fine Bpreckela Refining.
FAIRBANKS GOLD DUST, 3-lb pig... 15c
. Reg. 30c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. . .35c
Fine Butter Is onr Motto. Reg. 43a
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, square. 33c
Regular *5c
BEST CITY EGGS, dozen . . . . . . . .. ... 25c
From the Mission. Reff. Ke.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen 22Xc
Regular 30c
BEST L. BROS.' BRAND HAMS 12Xc
Finest Eastern. Every Ham
Guaranteed. Regular 14c
MOCHA and JAVA, Our Best COFFEE, Ib.25o
Th* Best In the City. Regular 35c Ibu
IRISH AND SCOTCH WHISKEY, qt bot. .95c
Finest Imported. Regular IL25.
SNIDER'S TOMATO SOUP, 2-lb can. .. .12^5
Regular 20c can.
COAL OIL, WHITE STAR, 5-gal can. . . .95c
10c allowed for empty can.'
HEART'S CONTENT WHISKEY, qtbot. .90o
Extra Fine. Regular *L25. GaL COO.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes . . . . . 25c
Extra Fine White.' Regular 4 cakes 25c '
OLD PORT AND SHERRY, 5 lots. . . .$1.00
'8 Tears Old Wine. One bottle 23c.
IMP. SARDINES, Flag Brand, 3 cans . . .25c
Regular 12%c can. ...
H.0. ; OATMEAL, pkg ... I ia a
Regular 15c package.
GHIRARDELLTS COCOA, £-Ib can 20c
.Regular 35c'-'-. -. 1.
MUSTOMAT, Dainty Table SAUCE, bot. . .25c
Outshines all. Pur*. Regular 35c
J. H. FLICKINGER PRUNES, 7 lbs ... .25c
Unusual Bargain. Reg. 4 lbs 23c.
STRYKER'S SAND SOAP, 7 cakes 25c
As good as Sapollo. Re*. 6 for 23c
GOODS DELIVERED FREE to the house la
Oakland. Alameda. Fruitvale and Berkeley.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "special"
sales. We ship free of charge within 1M
miles on all orders exceeding- $3. Ask for
monthly price list. free.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 292. Xo Branch Store*. '
YOD CAN LEAD A HORSE
To water but you can't make him drink—
bo. too, you can send your linen to a laun-
dry, but you can't be sure It will be laun-
dered to your satisfaction unless we're
at the other end of the line. Instead of
faking any more chances Just phone South
°.w our wa S° n to call, and we'll show
you the perfection of modern launderin*
xor. tne same prices you are now paying
for inferior ¦work.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office. 1004 Market Street
• Telephone— South 420, i
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ay.
DR.MCMJLTY.
rPHI3 WKUrKSOWS AND R F.LI A BLB OLD
.«. Specialist cure* Blood Poison. <ionorrhcsa,Olr«t.
Hlrtctor*', Seminal Weakness Impotence Mod their
•llled Dlwrders. Book on Diseasej of Men, frtc
P v «r» jrearjVxper»ence.T(>rnjs reasonable. Hoar*.
»to3dally:8:»toS.»ev'K* Sunday,, iojo 12. Consul!
tatlon freeaod sacredly confidential. Can Of address
JP. ROHCOE MeXCLTY, M.D
gO}; Kearny St.. Han Frnnclncc. C»l
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I^EARNT AND WASHLVCTON ST3.— RE- £
«» modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD a £
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to ft 50 dav^
» to W week: »3 to $» month. Fre. bathi: hoi
and cold water every rdom; Oim crates la ararv
room ; elevator runs all nlgb* . """"*
TOMATOES fe"" 4 tins for 25c
. Regular 2 tins for 2Se.
BEST CITY E6GS, per dozen- -25c
MUSHROOMS, large tins, -.I, 20c
Regular 25c.
PATE DEFOIEGRAS, per tin... 15c
Regular 20c.
STRING BEANS, 2-lb tins, per tin 10c
Regular ¦ 15c. .
FLEMING'S MALT WHISKY •& 75c
Regular $1 00.
WOOL SOAP, manufactured by
Swift &fo,.. v 4 cakes for 25c
Regular 10c per cake.
TOILET AMMONIA, per bottle- -25c
Regular 30c.
BISSfcL'S GOLDMIOAL CARPET
SWEEPER............ $3 00
Regular ... $3 W.
BIBO, NEWMAN & IKENBERG,
H47-49 POLK STREET.
TEI* EAST 372.
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bailey's
Pneumatic
§ WHALEBONE
Road Wagon
SOLD B*Y...
STUDRBAKRft
The thirty years' experience selling
.vehicles in California brings results in
largely increased business.
STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.
Market and Tenth.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
BUSINESS CORNER.
37:6x87:6. i
<pZ<c),UUU*
Three blocks from Market street.
The buildings should be turned into
stores.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery Street.