PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Arctic Steamer Frithjof Is Remodeled and
Will Sail Northward From Christiania in
June With Supplies for the Expedition
BALDWIN COMPLETES ALL
ARRANGEMENTS FOR HIS
VOYAGE TO THE POLE
EVELTN C BALDWIN OF THE UNITED STATES WEATHER BUREAU,
WHO WILL HAVE CHARGE OF THE EXPEDITION THAT WILL AT
TEMPT TO REACH THE NORTH POLE.
"I beg with most profound respect to
tender to your Imperial Majesty my
thanks for your telegram and my sin
cere congratulations upon the anniversa
ry of your Majesty's birthday and upen
the- appointment to the exalted rank of
field marshal which my august sovereign
the King has * been pleased to confer
on your Imperial Majesty: and I am con
vinced that your acceptance of the office
will give the liveliest gratification to all
classes of the nation who have been deep
ly touched by the consideration and kind
ly feeling exhibited In your gracious vistt
on this solemn occasion.**
Lord P.oberts responded In the follow
ing terms:
"I have the honor^to acknowledge the
receipt of your Majesty's gracious tele
gram, giving me the Joyful tidings that
his Majesty King Edward has conferred
upon your Majesty, the rank of field mar-
The . Emperor sent a copy of the dis
patch to Lord Roberts. Lord Salisbury
replied as follows:
"The King, my august uncle, confers
upon me the rank of a field marshal tn
his army and Informs, me that my ap
pointment will be published on my birth
day. I hasten to apprise you of my deep
appreciation, of so. signal -a proof of his
Majesty's affection to me. and I rejoice
to think that I shall be numbered among
these of the highest rank in his Majes
ty's gallant army."
Emperor "William on learninr of th»
Klnar's Intention to appoint him a field
mar?h?«l sent the following telegram to
Lord Salisbury:
In addition to the oword cf a field mar
shal. K'n«r Edward has presented to Em
neror William, already r Knfsrht of the
Garter, the Insignia of the order In dia
monds. The fact that this irfft was or
dered by the late Queen with the inten
tion of presenting It on the Kaiser's
birthday gave a pathetic interest to the
presentation.
The Emperor received the King at the
jranpway. The yacht was rolling heavily,
owing to the rale, so that the Queen and
the royal ladles were prevented accom
panying the King. After tea had been
served the roval party returned to Os
borne House. Emperor William and the
Crown Prince immediately returning the
visit and dlnlne wt«.h the Kins.
Then William donned the uniform of a
British admiral to receive vWtnrs who
miKht call to tender congratulation*.
Among those who came were Kin* Ed
ward. In the uniform of an admiral, the
Duke of Connausht. Prince Christian and
other royal personages. Lord Roberts, and
Mr. Broderick. all In full uniforms.
Crown Prince Frederick William pro
posed the Emperor's health, which was
drunk with "hochs.'* Th*» Kaiser then
drank the health of King Edward, the en
tire comtwiny standing.
After th<? memorial service In Whipplnf?
ham Church Emperor William and th«
Crown Prince went direct to the Hohen
zollern. receiving a salute of twenty-on»
guns. The Emreror took luncheon there,
the puests Including Lord Klntore. Colonel
Carrinrton. who Is attached to als Majes
ty's staff while in England, the members
of the German embassy and others.
- The Bishop of Winchester, -who was the
preacher for the occasion, delivered an
eloquent panegyric upon Victoria, and de
clared-"that'Emperor .William's "action tn
coming to her deathbed had touched the
hearts of the British people and cemented
the friendships of the two kindred na
tions. S At the conclusion of the service
all stood during the performance of the
Queen's "Death March."
¦ Shortly after 8 o'clock this morning tha
members of the German embassy, who ar
rived from London yesterday, proceeded
to Osborne and tendered congratulations
to Emperor William upon his birthday.
The Emperor, accompanied by the Crown
Prince, met them In the reception-room.
There were no formal speeches.
Lord Roberts and William St. John
Broderick, Secretary of State for War.""
were present at the morning prayers in
Whipplngham church at 11 o'clock to-day.
An hour later King Edward VTI. Queen
Alexandra and a number of royal per
sonages now at Osborne arrived at tb»
church for the memorial service. This
was a simple function, the hymns being
sung by an unturpllced choir of school
children. Sir Walter Parratt. private or
ganist to the late Queen and organist to
St. George's Chapel Royal, Windsor,
played several funeral excerpts.
COWES, Isle of Wight, Jan. 27.— Emp««
ror William this morning received from
the hands of the Duke of Connaujrht hi*
swnrd on his appointment as FieM Mar
shal cf the Krltish Anny, in the pres
ence of the Households of King 1 Edward
and the dead Queen, as well as a number
of British and German naval officials.
His Majesty expressed rreat delight at
the appointment. He will entertain Kin?
Edward and the members of -the royal
family at tea on the Imperial yacht Hoh
enzollern.
To-day, he celebrated his birthday at Os
borne and received congratulations from
members of the German Embassy in Lon
don.
Royalty at Cowes Celebrates
the German Ruler's
Birt&day.
Kaiser Is Made Field
Marshal in British
A TiTYlTT
KING EDWARD
GIVES SWORD
TO WILLIAM
CAMBRDIGE, ,Mass.,C Jan. ;27.— The au
topsy* on the^body of L. Crane,
who died boxing with George^ Ains-,
worth; at" Harvard *i University -yesterday,
shows s; that Crane 'died ; f rom ' heart ' dls-
Died of Heart Disease.
STEAMER BLA.WAHAU" SAILS
ON HER MAIDEN VOYAGE
New Steamship Leaves Chicago for
San Francisco >nd-
Honolulu.
NEW. YORK, Jan. 27.— The new American
freight ¦ steamer Hawaiian ' of the new
American-Hawaiian Steamship Company
sailed on her maiden- trip from [this port
to-day for San Prandsco and Honolulu.
The Hawaiian is In command : of Cap
tain Banefleld and is. the 'second ;bf the
line's new vessels to leave - this < port.
Monthly sailings will follow with : the
new steamers Oregonian, ' California,
American, Alaskan and Arizonlan.
Others who were rescued were:- Edward
J. Gibson, Washington correspondent of
the Philadelphia Press, who occupied a
room on the top story; ', his brother, .Wil
liam H. Gibson, president of the Llnd
Warehouse Company of New York, and
wife, and' S. C. Wells, editor of the Phil
adelphia Press." Mrs. Underwood, widow
of Thomas Underwood of . Chicago, was
found half-asphyxiated • on .the fourth
floor. She was removed to • the Ebbltt
House and quickly rallied.
vate secretary to Congressman Roden
burg of Illinois, who occupied a room on
one of the top floors, was aroused by the
emoke and went from room to room until
stifled with smoke knocking at the doors
of the guests. He assisted In bringing the
wives of the Congressmen from their
rooms to the street.
BRITISH STEAMER. IS
/ DISABLED AT SEA
• /
With. Engines Broken Down Beyond
Repair the Cavour Is Float
ing Helplessly.
BT. VINCENT. Cape Verde. Jan. 27.—
An Italian steamer called here to-jday
and reports having: been compelled, after
fruitless efforts at towing,* to leave the
British steamer Cavour on January 24
in latitude 40 degrees north, longitude 21
degrees west, with her engines disabled
and . unrepairable at sea.
The Cavour Bailed from Liverpool Jan
uary 1 for Rio Janeiro, ,
Fifty guests. Including several Congress
men and their wives, were badly fright
ened. All, however, managed to escape
In safety. Among them were Representa
tive Crumpacker of Indiana, wife and son;
Representative Dovenor of West Virginia
and wife and Representative Robertson of
Louisiana and wife, all , of whom were
brought down the fire escapes. Mr. Dove
nor was ill with the grip. He was hatless
and wore scant apparel when rescued.,
Edward H. Miller of East St. Louis, rjri-
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— Fire broke out
about 2:30 o'clock this morning- in a room
on the first floor of the old portion of the
building occupied by Willard's Hotel,
which adjoins the new structure now in
course of construction. The flames were
confined to this room and the loss will not
exceed (3000.
.• . - v v ¦-- ¦ V - ¦ .. . . . ¦
With Their Wives the Legislators Pass
Exciting Quarter of an Hour.
CONGRESSMEN FLEE FROM
FIRE IN BURNING HOTEL
Hanley came>to Seattle last October. 1
and after ¦ searching for ¦ employment ! for
a time obtained work on the farmV of
Judge Hill at South Park. '] He ; was 33
years' of age, 'good-looking and of pleas-,
ant address. , Here he became acquainted
with ¦ Mrs. f . Rose ; Breldensteln, .a young:
widow, who had a pleasant- little home of
her ; own.- ' While . ; It '•' may > not have; been
exactly a'case' of love at' first sight. Han
ley almost immediately showed a' de
cided - preference : . for ', the comely widow,
and sought 1 . her presence. . He was. well
received* by -Mrs. -Breldenstein ,and-her
mother. ; When Hanley , found his_f eelinss
The wife was Incredulous and astounded
for the moment. " but Hanley's suffering
was~ so evident 'that she ; speedily sum
moned assistance. In spite of every ef
fort-to save the young man's life he ex
pired within tn hour, to the last moment
of consciousness brooding over the wrong
committed ; years ago and declaring h!s
unworthlnegs * to live as "the husband of
the beautiful " woman he . had ? Just mar-,
ried." ¦ - - ¦:' ;' . ¦ '^k&tfh'i
At 4 o'clock this . afternoon Hanley was
united In marriage^ to Rose-Breidensteln.
a handsome young widow of South Park,
a suburb of this city.. To escape a threatr
ened charivari the couple came to town
and engaged a room at the Hartley House
on Second avenue. . At : 9 o'clock, while
the, bride was slumbering lightly.- Hanley
took the*. fatal potion and fell upon his
knees at the bedsMe. arousing his wife.
¦ "I am not wprthy-of :you,-;and- I am
going to die," he;sn(d.
SEATTLE. Jan. 27.^-Frank M. v Hanley,
a brldegrroom of only five hours, took a
dose of strychnine to-night in* hla- bridal
chamber and died after terrible, suffering
in the arms ; of. his heart-broken bride.
With the words, "I am not .worthy of
you." on' his lips Hanley^passed from life
to death. ' He had'llved only thirty years,
yet during that time he had betrayed a
beautiful, young but poor , girl In Minne
apolis^ and that sin . so worked upon his
conscience that he took his life rather
than take the chance of bringing sorrow
to the woman, he led to the altar. -
¦ Little' Is known here, of Hanley's ante
cedents.' -¦ He >a> well'jllked". by all who
knew'hlmV Mrs: Hanley is of good fam
ily.: She is frantic with grief.
- Mrs. Hanley retired early and was doz
ing lightly when her hand was seized, and
she awakened to find her husband on his
knees at' the bedside writhing in agony.
His utterances were already Incoherent,
and in spite of every effort he soon died,
muttering of 'his past sin and. present un
worthlness^" ~ • . .
. The engagement was brief, and to-day
the couple .were united at the South Park
Church. A number, of 'good-natured
friends in the suburb threatened a char
ivari and serenade, and the bridal pair
camejto Seattle to avoid the celebration.
Mrs. Hanley relates that her husband,
shortly after their arrival at the Hartley
House, again became morose, and repeat
edly asserted that by reason of his early
sin he could never become worthy of her."
She endeavored to reassure. him, but with
little success. „ . : . »
As she told the story of this remarkable
confession to-night the widowed, bride
was distracted with grief. She had ac
cepted the story as proof of sincerest
penitence, and, with her affection already
enlisted, gave honor to the man who
made It. She willingly agreed to become
his wife.
I "I have' tried to be a - good 'man." he
said; "but I have a sin on my conscience,
and I am afraid I am not worthy of be
ing the husband of a gdod woman. I love
you with all my heart, and I would not
for the world do anything that would
cause you "pain. . I" have been guilty of a
great, moral wrong. It is a blot on my
conscience. ; I ruined,'. under promise of
marriage, a poor young girl, and I did
not keep my promise. It has been a ter
rible-burden. ¦ and now that I want you
to be my . wife my past rises up before
me r like a grim specter. I dread lest I
might bring sorrow, to ' you." - ' ;
were reciprocated he seemed to shrink
from himself,' and when he asked Mrs.
Breldensteln to become his. wife. he frank
ly told her the story of his life.
PUNISHING CHIFJESE BAUDITS.
Exisslans in Manchuria Waging War
on Brigands.
LONDON. Jan. 28. — "The Russians In
Manchuria," says the St. Petersburg cor
respondent of the Times, "continue their
punitive expeditions against the brigands
Just as the allies under Count von Wai
dersee continue them against the Boxers.
A new feature of the Mancburlan cam
paign Is the engagement of the celebrated
Colonel Allkhanoff from the Caucassus far
this work of retribution and the restruc
tloa of Chinese banditti."
REBUKES MAYOR VAN WYCK.
Me-w York Pastor Denounces His Be
fusal to "Lower a Flag.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— Many of the ser
mons delivered *tt the various churches
In this city to-day wer. In memory of
the late Queen Victoria and eulogistic of
her character. Several churches held reg
ular memorial «xerclres.
The Rev. Dr. McArthur of Calvary Bap
tist Church in opening his sermon severe
ly criticised Mayor Van Wyck for refus
ing to ha.lfir.ast the flag on the City Hali.
saying:
"New York City has been humiliated
In the sight of the civilized world by the
refusal of Its Mayor to make -official
recognition of the respect felt by all true
citizens and patriotic Americans for the
Cueen."
Discrimination Against Christians
Will Not Be Permitted.
PEKING. Jan. 27.— There has been great
distress In the province of Shangsl owing
to the famine, and thousands have died.
The court has ordered rice relief to be is
sued In laixe quantities.
A rej>ort reached the foreign envoys
that native Christians suffering from the
famine were to be discriminated against
and to be punished If they even begged
for food. Mr. Conger. Blr Ernest M. c5a
tow and M. Plnchon. the United States.
British and French Ministers, protested
/to Prince Chlng and LI Hung Chang
ngainst such discrimination and the court
Issued an edict, dated yesterday, ordering
all relief officials and Chinese soldiers to
treat Christians exactly the same as cth
crs throughout the empire, under penalty
of decapitation.
The foreign envoys consider this a most
important decree, if it be carried out.
BELIEF FOB THE STARVING.
TAKES POISON AND DIES
IN ARMS OF HIS BRIDE
Brooding Over a VVrbria; Done a Poor Girl
• Leads to a -WeddingrDay Tragedy.
"Cunningham was engaged at Mlddle
fontein and Kopperfonteln yesterday with
Delarey 1 * force. Babblngton, while mov
ing north from : Ventersdorn, threatened
the enemy's flank, whereupon the Boers
retired west. Cunningham's casualties
were two officers wounded, four men
killed and thirty-seven wounded. •
"In the engagement at Lltchtenburg on
January 17 some yeomanry were captured.
These have since. been released.- with -the
LONDON, Jan. 27.— The War Office has
received from the commander In chief 4 n
South Africa a dispatch dated Pretoria,
January 26. reporting numerous engage
ments, the following being the most im
portant:
Lord Kitchener confirms the report that
a British train with troops arid military
stores on board was waylaid and captured
at Slljklijp, near Fourteen Streams, last
Friday, but says the Boers retired on the
arrival of the armored train sent in pur
suit.- -- - - — -
"Smith-Dorrlen had a successful en
gagement of five hours while on the
march from Wonderfontein to Carolina,
where the Boers had lately been concen
trating. The enemy were in considerable
strength* and held the river, but were
driven -out. Our losses were one officer
killed and two officers and thirteen men
wounded." ..."
exception of a major and three men. No
details are yet at hand.
LORD KITCHENER REPORTS
BATTLES WITH THE BOERS
Cunningham Loses Forty-thjee Men in a
Fight Near Middlefontein- '.
."In this new era and new century we
must learn to recognize the fact-that 'f
we are to carry anything to the heathen
nations worth their having we must first
carry the Jaws of Christ Into their dallv
life." ' ' il
"Thereupon a bystander, entirely an In •
terloper, knocked him down, saying, Tou
scoundrel, you know it's only one. anna." /
. " 'How much do I owe you?* I asked.
" 'Two annas' (about four cents), he an
swered; - .
irute, she .was— but whether English
speaking I prefer not to state. She was
In a Jlnrlklsha. . Her coolie was -running,
though the, thermometer showed 97-de
grees. "She Jabhed his bare back with the
sharjf' end of her steel-rod T»arasol. I
could have wished to. horsewhip her. . In
Japan one day I dismissed my jlnrlklsha
man at the end of mv jaunt. .
pled under foot everything the Chinese
deemed- most sacred. A rcilroad thit
could have, passed around an ancestral
tomb has torn it down and runs over the
sanctified spot. f/J$«U;
."I remember ones In Singapore seeing
'tfre*surfyistKg "cruelty cf a yoong woman—-
; "Our relations with that great pagan
nation cannot fall to become closer, no
matter what ncny be che partition accom
plished." said the Bishop. "Christian na
tions have not been happy always In the'r
translation of the basic principles of the
religion of Jesus Christ to pagans. Pro
fessing Christian engineers, bankers,
merchants and men who had commercial
interests at stake In China are responsibly
for what has happen-3. Not' all of them
have been of one nation— not all English
speaking men. .Their. treatment has bean
unfair, unchristian and outrageous. Noth
ing could have bfen more brutal than tho
policies of the Christian nations dealing
with this pagan people. . We have tram-
.Bishop Henry C. Potter said these
words at Stl -Paul's. Church to-night toa
great audience. •>."."• i
p^ Y'E^HAVB^.^Ctmn.V Jan. 27.— "If
1^^ I ' T were - to take a brief in any
. I i court !n Christendom for one side
AN "or the "other, I should take n
jj brief for; China, and there can be
no doub t as to which side . was : responsible
t ej*j*fee; bestnntr.gr'of 'the causes Hir." the re-'
cent ; troubles." r
LONDON. Jan. 27.— Before his de
parture for the United States Eve
lyn C. Baldwin of the American
Weather Bureau saw all arrange
ments completed for the Arctic
expedition which he will, lead during the
coming summer. Mr. Baldwin recently
visited Denmark, Sweden and Norway,
and at Christiania chartered the steamer
Frltbjof, which was used last year__by_a
Swedish polar expedition. The vessel has
been remodeled to a certain extent and
provided with more deck .room and a
working laboratory-
It Is Mr. Baldwin's Intention that the
Frithjof shall sail from Christiania about
June 20 and leave Fromsoe on July 1, car
rying to Franz Josef Land provisions and
equipments for the expedition. At From
soe the steamer America will/ meet I the
Frithjof and proceed to a point on the
northern coast of Russia for the purpose
of taking gn. board dogs and, other, neces- .
sary equipment. The Frithjof will meet
the America again at a designated point
, off Franx Josef Land. . ...
SPECIAL, COMMISSIONER W. W. ROCKHILL. WHO IS RETAINED IN
CHINA TO PREVENT FURTHER DIPLOMATIC MISTAKES ON THD
PART OF UNITED BTATES MINISTER CONGER.
battle In the history of Kentucky aoon
eMning occurred at daylight Friday be
tween a revenue party of five and a strong
fare* of moonshiners on Elkhorn Creek,
on the line between Pike and Knott coun
ties. Elkhorn Creek Is thirty miles from
the nearest railway station, and this add
ed to the fact that the entire posse of
Deputy United States Marshals was cap
fared prevented the news from reaching
the revenue officials sooner.
TTnlted Btates Marshal James received
official Information of the fight from the
revenue cfiJeer at Hlndman to-day and
•win send a stror.c party of revenue oflj
cers Into the country and run the moon
ehlr.era to earth.
The posse consisted of Holllfleld. Simon
Combs. Hufus Wooten. Ambrose Am
burgy end Blaise Combs.
Hclll2e!d and Simon Combs are dead.
Wooten ar.d Amburgy received flesh
ttourCs and Blalne Combs Is held captive.
The moonshiners had evidently been In
formed cf the proposed raid. The still
•was located at the head of a blind ra
vine which ended In a rocky precipice
about thirty feet high. Operations were
carried on In a half cave made by large
boulders falling away from under the cliff.
The posse at daylight saw a thin stream
cf srncke well md from beneath the cliff.
which told them that the distillers were
£t work. They approached the head of
the ravine stealthily and crawled to with
in thirty yards of the cave. There was
a clear space to be crossed and the posse,
with rifles leveled, started toward the still
on the run. They were greeted with shots
from the rear and from the top of the
cliff. At the first volley four of the reve
rse force fell either dead or wounded.
Blalne Combs was the only one to cross
the open space and get refuge under the
ell*?. He maintained a desultory fire with
the "shiners" for nearly an hour, when
he was forced to surrender on account of
having exhausted his ammunition. •
At no time did the party see 'their as
eallants, who kept well under cover, and
Combs could only fire at little clouds of
rrncke which went up every time a moon-
Ehlner's rifle cracked. It Is not known If
any of the moonshiners were hit.
The revenue officials at Hlndxnan were
Informed of the affair through the offices
cf a friendly mountaineer and the news
of the battle which has spread through
the country has caused great excitement.
Many of the people of Knott and Pike
counties are extremely Ignorant and they
fear a general descent of revenue men
from Lexington and other j centers com
paratively near. Some of the farmhouses
are now deserted, the families taking ref
uge further In the mountains, as a pitched
battle Is expected when the "shiners"
meet the revenue force which will be sent
et once to the scene.
JACKSON'. Ky.. Jan. 27.-The bloodiest
Posse Surrounded and Cap
tured and More Trouble
Is Expected.
Two Deputy Marshals
Are Shot and
KUled.
DEADLY BATTLE
WITH KENTUCKY
MOONSHINERS
¦WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— Though the
authorities* had received ' information
showing the extent of the threatening sit
uation In Venezuela, they had not believed
it to be as serious as the Herald-Call ca
ble from Port of SpalnMndlcates.
Mr. Pulido, Venezuelan Charge d' Affairs,
received advices by mail several days ago
announclngAthat a peaceful condition of
affairs prevailed. It was learned to-day
that the claim of Venezuela to Pato. Isl
and, from which the 'Venezuelan gunboat
Augusto took several British subjects, is
contested by Great Britain, and. that the
question of the ownership of the island
has never been settled. This : fact . will
have an Important bearing, of course, in
connection with representations which the
British Government will ., make -to Vene
zuela.
' If Great Britain should insist on hei
sovereignty over the Island the action of
the officers of the gunboat might be
deemed a cause of war and a demand for
Instant reparation might be made. "
1 American- Interests. It is officially said;
are well protected, the Lancaster being at
La . Guayra and the ? Scorpion 1 at Port o'
Spalri.'whlch is at the mouth.of the Orin
oco.' .' . ' -.^-".v ,'»*¦¦
Possible View England May Take of
Venezuela's Action.
MAY BE A . CAUSE OF WAR.
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad. Jan. 27.—
Details have been received hero of fierce
fighting; last week on. the mainland near
Garayana and Carupano, resulting in final
defeats for the Government troops. Sev
eral hundred men ¦were killed in the en
gagements. Carupano has been recap
tured by the .insurgents and a large quan
tity of arms and ammunition taken.
Inapa and Gulrla, ports on the Gulf of
Parla, have also been occupied" despite
the activity of the erunboats that' are pa
troling the coast.
Reports from '¦¦ Caracas also , Indicate
grave conditions. ..Persons here who are
In touch with the situation are' informed
that a chief of battalion of Government
forces In Caracas _ has revolted.- The
cause of the mutiny Is said to have been
an order issued by President. Castro that
certain prominent persons suspected of
being in league with rebels should be shot.
Orders were given. to oneof the military
commanders and disobeyed. .
Trouble in the central states seems to
be growing, although^ the censorship pre
vents the details being Bent It Is'report
ed that rebel leaders are_ receiving; aid
from Colombia and 'Jiat ' a vigorous . pro
test will be made by the Castro Govern
ment. As Colombia has loner believed that
President Castro has • been giving aid to
rebels in that countryy. there Is possibil
ity of a serious claih.^ '¦;
The chief fighting on the mainland took
place near Irapa. "'/A.- force of nlne-hun
dred rebels, having two hundred thou
sand j rounds of ara^unltlqi^"ji^aj;j^J>f ,
TV-hicb. ra« * t ¦ C\? rv pano ard pa a t
received from- filibusters? intrenched, thein^
selves, near Las' Cueyas,*a: town~"a ."^ew
Allies inland, from Irapa. They; were^un?
der command, of .Generals' Juliana.; Pedro
Costa and Juanlchas Colslc'a, »¦ They 'were
closely^ watched' by ,1100 Government sol
diers. One of them left the shelter of the
lntrenchments to seek food In their camp.
A party of the enemy made a, sortie and
captured the man before he could reach
his comrades.
The main body of rebels opened fire on
the Gvoernment forces and the latter
charged the lntrenchments. They were
driven back several times, but continue 1 !
the attack for five hours. They gained
rio substantial advantage urittl a battery
of four field guns was brought up. These
shelled the position of the rebels and final
ly they retreated, carrying most, of their
supplies. They had eight killed and four
wounded, but. the/ Government forces are
said to have lost 230 killed end twenty
seven wounded in the fight. Eleven wo
men who were with the troops were slain
during the battle.
The town was abandoned by the rebels
during the night and was entered by 900
regulars next" morningr. The insurgents
retreated to Irapa, and after resting
marched Into Guayana to get ammunition
and reinforcements. They had been fol
lowed by Government forces, but returned
from Guayana and gave battle, compelling
the enemy to retreat from IraDa. "' "" '"
Charges that many atrocities were com
mitted In Las Cuevaa and Irapa by Gov
ernment troops are made by persons who
have fled here. It Is declared that neither
nationality, nor sex was respected by tho
soldiers. Armed men are s«dd to hav<s
swaggered, through the streets, frighten
ing men and women bv threats of putting
them to the sword and compelling "them
to "pay large sums in order to save their
lives.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York Her
ald. Copyright. 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Eleven Women"-. Are Slain
During an Engagement -
Near Irapa. .
Insurgnts' Arms
Triiuphin-Veii-;
ezuela.'
GOVERNMENT
TROOPS ARE
PUT TO ROUT
BISHOP POTTER BLAMES
CHRISTIANS FOR RECENT
DISTURBANCES IN CHINA
. . • . ,.-:;: : ~ —^~~T- ... . . .... :
Declares Gommercial Greed Caused the
Trouble and Denounces the Treatment
Accorded the Pagans as Outrageous
Continued on Fifth Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 59.
The San Francisco Calspoiled of their purity or upon which the stain of dishonor
had beat placed: It was the protest of men and zvornen who
knezv what price in death, disgrace, flight, suicide or prison
stripes others had paid for what Mayor Phelan is pleased tv
call that dissipation to which the people of San Francisco
must be educated if they do not already indulge."
It seems incredible that such a protest, earnest, gcitcral,
honest and representative of all that is best in San-Francis
co, should be ignored by the Supervisors of this city to zuhatn
it was addressed. But the gamblers are confident, and to
dav, at the meeting of the Board of Supervisors, the public
zuill know zvhethcr or not any member of that body, in the
face of a universal public opinion, dare introduce an ordi
nance which means so much of deadly harm to the city, its
reputation and its people. j
Inglesidc, so fresh in its dreadful reality to the people of
San Francisco, zvas reviezi'cd. The sad recital of homes
wrecked, lives lost or ruined, manJibod debauched and zvo
manhood destroyed, was made to people z'eho knew itsmean
ing and who then pleaded with those authorities which- have
the power to decide whether or not the thieving gamblers of
Inglcside shall be let loose again as szvarming birds of prev
upon the city. ' .
In other churches pastors spoke', zvords of zvarning to
their people, counseling them of the menace of public gamb
ling and of its dire effects upon all classes, old and young,
rich and poor, experienced and inexperienced. Men zvere
urged to use their utmost endeavor-to persuade the Supervise
ors not to take the step which means so much of evil to the
THIS city zvas thescciic yesterday of a series of deiri
onsti-ations without rival or precedent in the history
of San Francisco, Thousands of people of all classes
and creeds, representing every phase of reputable social life,
met in their sanctuaries to voice a protest against the rmivxil of
racetrack gambling and tltc rehabilitation of Ipglcside as a
field of crime and shame and death. In solemn assembly one
congregation of men and xvomcii, merchants, professional
men, artisavs, ihe heads of families, the preservers of homes
and of social purity, the representatives of all that is best in
this city, adopted rcsolutiojis pleading with the Board of Su
pervisors not to inflict again upon the city tlie curse which
once wrought such havoc.
The scene was dramatic in the extreme. The story of
*^n^. yff* OT for many years has
Rg^ a church boen the FCPne
1 aridrcss than that dejiv-
I Ted last night at the
I >*a rim MpthodiFt Kpip-
M copal Church on Powell
. ' street by Rev. E>r.
Frank IC. Baker, who
ppoke to a larpe gather-
Ing- on "Anti-Gambling" and the proposed
legalizing of the vice at Inpleaide race
track by tb«» Board of Supervisors. ,
Rev. 2£r. Bak«vr not only dwelt on the
terrible evils of racetrack gambling and
the poolroom vice, bnt also spoke on the
t*peri Rambling as Been in Chinatown and
other portion? of the city. For some days
paFt Rev. Mr. Baker has, in company
Tilth two fripnds:. visited tho lottery
room? in Chinatown find had no difficulty
In purcharln^ tickets. When he ex
pressed to the Chinese lottery dealers his
fear cf taking the tickets he was told
that he ne^d not be afraid, as. they paid
"the same as a license."
Jif his address on racetrack and pool
room gambling the reverend gentleman
drew an appalling: picture r.f the evil and
\h* farts and flpures'he presented con-
FtltntPd tire strongest plea ; that the
panblers. hangers-on and riff-raff who
follow In the wake of, the IngJeside races
should not be legaHz<*d to carry on their
oaraivad «->f crime at the hp.nds of the
Board of Supprrifsors and the Mayor.
Although but little time was given In
announcing: his address, the First Metho
dist Episcopal Church was well filled. Not
only were the regular -"vnrphipers present,
but people rarnp from all points of the city
to h*>l j> by their presence ' to • protest
j>)T3<r.?t thf> monstrous evil which the
M*yor desires to consummate.
When Rev. Mr. Baker read the resolu
tions agaJsFt th« proposed action of the
Supervisors ?rd a?ked those ia favor of
tho resolutions lo rise in their plares. the
entire congregation, moved as by one im
pulse, stood «>rect.- At the close of the
address the pastor was heartily congrat
ulated by hundreds who had listened to
hlrs. They shook him by the hand as
they Teft the peered edifice and assured
him that he could count on their loyal
Eurp°rt in prev«>r.tine the fame of San
Francisco being smirched by an official
act.
Tbi* rcornicr Rev. Mr. Bakpr will pre
pem tbe resolutions to the meeting of the
San Francisco minipter* and later on the
documents -will be presented at the session
cf the Board of Supervisors.
A. People Robbed and Spoiled.
The "P.ev. Mr. Baker in opening bis ad
dress took his text from the twenty-sec
ond verre cf the forty-second chapter of
the book of Isaiah, as follows: "But this
Is a poopJe robbed and spoiled. They are
all of them snared In hole? and they are
h;d in prisoTj houses; they are for a prey
and none delivereth."
In dwcjlins on the text the Rev. Mr.
Baker spoke as follows: "The Prophet
Isaiah 1? picturing the Oejrradatlon of Is
rael. The spoiler and the robber were not
Fatipfied with having Invaded and spoiled
the Israelites of their possessions; they
continued their depredations until they
took the Israelites themselves, root and
branch, for a booty and for a prey. The
conditions to which they were reduced are
a very good illustration of the condition
in which San Francl^cd has been and
t=ha!l be if the hordes -of gambling spoilers
and robbers shall be permitted to carry
on their diabolical work under the ordi
nance, if it shall be passed by the Board
of Supervisors. Gambling is a black spe
cies of sin. In whatever way you look at
It it is a highway of wreck and ruin. And
thoye who travel this road are many. I
would not attempt to give you the names
of all the travelers in this way, but I
know of a few, such as the pokerists
and the r>oo!ists and what is commonly
termed atnonr some as the skin, as the
stool pigeons, and many others, but I
am not versed enough with tho terms to
mention them all. The largest class who
come under this monstrous, this Insatia
ble Moloch, are those commonly- known
among gamblers— pardon the phrase— as
sucker*. It 1* to the ravages of this
ppoller and robber of the people of this
fair city that I call your attention to
n!pht. U-v
"We would be aroused If our lawmaking
body should. j>errait the overrunning of
our city ¦with an unlawful horde. We are
all well informed that an attempt is on
foot to. license the gambling robber and
despoller who will waylay the unsuspect
ing in our city and break Into our homes
and wreck and ruin them and destroy all
that makes home pure, destroying our
fathers and husbands, our promising eons
and even our daughters. There is an at
tempt on foot to turn loose upon the peo
ple cf Ban Francisco the hordes of con
scienceless gamblers and racetrack hang
ers-on."
Throttle Iniquity to Death.
Rev, Mr. Baker then referred to the de
feat of a gambling ordinance by ths
earnest work of the press, and. continu
ing, said:
"I did not know until yesterday, when I
learned of It through one of our leading
dailies, that an attempt was being made
by the organized gamblers of the race
track association to have passed to-mor
row by the Board of Supervisors an j or
dinance restoring them X,o the privilege of
robbing, of spoiling dr.d.of murdering,! a3
they did In gone-by years. These papers
f rand as the might}' sentinels of our lib
erties and moral safety against these on
comlng horde? of crime-breeders. Again
they have called our attention to this mat
ter. 1 have said before, and I say It again
%p-&lght, one ot the most encouraging^
peoplc of San Francisco. Mayor Phelan was denounced
for the extraordinary position which he has assumed in this
matter, which may be one of public zvel fare or public injury.
In some churches the regular services were abandoned
in order that on the eve of the day zvken the gamblers will ask
the Supervisors to license them for a season of crime noth
ing should be left undone by the reputable people of the city
to prevent l the outrage and save themselves from the menace
of an evil which once had been destroyed. The character of
these zvidespread protests could not be mistaken. It was not
the opposition of a single class, clerical, political, social or
cammereial, but of ail united in one common cause and moved
by the knozvlcdge and dread of experience.
It was the protest 'of merchants who llad been robbed
by' their employes, or parents zvJwse homes had been de-
Citizens Unite in Earnest Petition to. the Board of
Supervisors Not to Curse the Gity' by a Revival
of Inqleside, Its Gamblinq and Attendant Crimes
THOUSAND VOICE PROTEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1901.
DRAMATIC PROTEST MADE LAST NIGHT BY THE PEOPLE OF THE FIRST M. E.' CHURCH.
.. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦" .." »'.. -'. •¦ ¦ ¦ '¦¦,¦¦,¦¦¦ • ¦ ¦"¦¦• .* - ¦ ¦
inings at tne close or tne century is tne
gTand stand which the right arm of pow
er, the dally papers, are taking in moral
reform.
"Wo ar© her© to-night to arouse you
from the fearful robbery and spoliation
which thousands have suffered in the past
and which thousands shall suffer If the
Board of Supervisors, encouraged by the
Mayor, shall pass this ordinance. This
terrible Iniquity must be grappled with
and throttled to the death. God Almighty
never Intended that any evil should be li
censed, and a city Is far from an ideal
city of this century which would dare to
license such an evil as racetrack
gambling. The people must be awakened
to tho enormity of this dreadful evil."
Gambling a Name for Robbery.
The Rev. Mr. Baker. then Quoted-statis
tics shewing the enormity of gambling in
the world.' Among, other things he dwelt
upon the. princely sum paid for the privi
lege of running th<» gambling hell at
Monte Carlo, "and said: "I don't know
how much the gamblers here will pay for
their privilege. In this case gambling Is
a gentle name for robbing; while it exists
in different form, .it may be ani it Is
productive of the worst results. It flour-
lshes everywhere and : It Is becoming a
national vice, one of the most formidable
proportions, and] it ts exerting a moat
ruinous effect,' both upon the morals and
the business 'of life. Ihe loss caused by
the spoiler, however,' cannot^ be estimated
in dollars £and cents. ; Thousands are
ruined morally; mentally, and [socially. Yet
gambling, with, its twin brother, tho sa
loon, is seeking greater liberties to go on
unmolested. I believe • that "there ; nevisr
has-been in the ; history of /the world a
greater mania for gambling Jthan a.t.tho
present time. , In many of: our manufac
turing towns and cities^andiSai Francia
co especially, .boys and, young men who
work In mills and factories, and . thos*
•who' ars;thys clerks 'ln,.-ourVroerea«tile es
tablishments are ; being; BWBJlQWed up ' In
this awful . maelstrom of •> gambling. A
man who • g'amble»»will- steal f?a ; man who
wants something* for nothing:; Is ; a thlef.T
.. The speaker.- then read an " extract from
the report mado by; Anthony Comstock to
the New York Society for, the Prevention
of Vice, in which countless cases were re
cited where young men. and women traced
their descent ,- on . , tha *.- path
t hrough • having flr »t ; frequented the race
track and poolroom.- ; . • -"• '.-.; % ¦ - »
," Continuing,: he said: , "Read the- list. If
you please, of the ruined In the San Fran
cisco Call of last Saturday, the result of
the race course gambling at Ingleslde.
Truly, then, gambling • is . a. breeder: of
crime. A. dally paper recently contained
an editorial giving an account of the sen
tencing to the* State's prison of a number
of : State .officials In various parts of tho
country, all of whom' owed. their downfall
to the race track. Race track gambling
and poolroom ¦ gambling: are the (most
heartless thing's a. man can do. and 10
sanction them Is ./a criminal 1 thine. A
gambler ¦ has no heart; he would; play a;
his brother's funeral or. gamble on hia
mother's coffln. '¦¦ •; ,;.:¦/ ;
:, -'I want ' to 3ay to you ; something that
you know, but I want to refresh your mind
in regard "to It: : Gambling: Is In politics.
It won't stop short of the highest men in
office. The barroom and *¦¦ poolroom'. men
are wide awake. They exert a great pow
er over courts and juries and 'legislators,
and over munlclpaleroyernments arid' their
officers. .The ; , pcol ; men some : years- agco
bought out. the City Council over, in Oak
land, and the whole city arose In righteous
indignation; . The v poolroom men .were
driven out of San' Francisco and- went to
Oakland, but public opinion there drove
them oufand they located at Emeryville,
where they are to-day. V \
"Now. I want to tell you one thing that
gambling does. Tt not only bribes Judges,
Juries and officials, but It puts handcuffs
on the police, End It docs It right here In
San Francisco."" " "¦. ¦ *
The reverend gentleman then presented
figures to show .the. enormous .expense of
maintaining racetrnc,ks and poolrooms,
and continuing, he said: ; ' • •
"The racetracks cannot ; pay. ' -without
gambling, arid racecourse* are a network
of gambling. under the pretense of, better-
Ing the breed of horses. The racetracks
are breeders of crime.' They are the worst
breeders of crime, that we have to deal
with. ",.. Racetrack gambling, is a terrible
menace to the ; public safety and to the
public" morality..; Nearly ..$3,000,000 .was
1 stolen' In a -single year ¦ by men who had
lost their money: playing -the races. " ; -
Victim* of the ' Racetrack.
; .The Xe-fv . Yorlc ' Times \ m. year, n ar o
ronlalnnl a oolnmn nrttcl* nnder
the headlnjr "Victim* of the Ilnof
trni'k," nhleh grave . a long : list of
j foFKerlei, I embenlementi and other
crimes, nil attr^bntabl* to raee
track gambling. The Superlnten-
dent of P«Ilr«" of »w Tork City *t
that date used the«e words, and I
wnnld llkf In hand them to the
Ilonril of SnperTlnor» : to-morrow i
"Morr yoniisr men have stood here
nt /this desk tonfeantnir their of
»et»»e» «JSHtii«t 1«t*- nnil avrrlhlne
(heir downfall to. their Infatuation
to poolroom trn mMlncr thnn I would
care to estimate. But netnnl expert,
enee Uam xatiiflcd me that no form
of icamhliiic offrr< K r<-n»rr tempta
tion to. ronng; men to take rrhat la
not theirs. Am hornernclns la con
ducted now it Would be far better
for the community to atop It alto
gether. We , are aendlnpr men to
prison right .alone on account of
the race sranil.llnar craw, homes are
belnsr de.troyed, and the liven of
younir men are bein* blljchted
reaio"^ th6 " el^ 'or the .J
"I have a big pile of clippings' thaV : T
have /collected In . the past ¦ few year*
which tell of those who ha£ ¦?££
%££-.£&££? by ~ cet ™ 5k *—
"Read to-day's article in The Call. • The
¦^Whereas, The dread record of our courts and prisons, of death and stands
as a warning to protect the people of the city and guard against the encroachments of men
who live by dishonest gain; therefore be it — '
•. .Resolved, That we, the people of the First Methodist Isplscopal Church in meeting
assembled, do earnestly and unitedly petition the Board of Supervisors of San Francisco
not to reopen the Ingleside racetrack by repealing the law which prohibits bookmaking
and poolselling in this city;. 'and be it further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent to the Board of Supervisors as our
deep and solemn protest against any licensing of this formidable species of vice and breeder
of misfortune and crime. v ,
¦<-¦ ¦¦¦¦¦;¦: "':'¦¦¦ - ¦¦-•-.-:,.-•.. - ¦ • -
WHJiKEAS, We, the congregation of tbs First Methodist Episcopal Church
cf San Francisco, are reliably informed and believe that an effort is about
to be made before tlie Board of Supervisors, supported by his Honor James
D. Phelan, the Mayor of this city, to reopen the race course at Ingilside,
re-establish bookmaking, poolselling and other forms of gambling; and .
--. "... Whereas, This latest attempt of the gambling and criminal classes to
debauch our city, renew among us their carnival of crime and disgrace, is of dangerous
moment because of the semi-official sanction it has received; and
Whereas, The people of this city have suffered deeply from racetrack gambling by
its wrecking of homes, its dishonoring of the youth of this city, its debauchery of trusted
clerks, employes and merchants; and • ' .
PLEAD TO THE SUPERVISORS FOR PROTECTION.
"The great reason why we are her* to
night Is to utter our protest against the
opening: of the Ingleslde track. That L»
what we are here to protest against.
"In his message Mayor Phelan says.
according to this article which, i
have . taken from The Call: 'Pub
lic gambling Is a great evil, leading to
poverty, disgrace, defalcation and death,
which the records of the ctty abundantly
prove, and Its practice should be discoun
tenanced and suppressed.' This was ta
ken from the message of Mayor James D.
Phelan delivered to tne Board «£ Super
visors January 8, 1900, and ere he left his
office he signed the ordinance that the
Board of Supervisors passed at that time.
Now, I want to show you where the great
danger comes In, and I* want to show you
the great necessity of this meeting to
night, and of meetings like It all over the
city to-night and .even on. the morrow.
Here is his attitude to-day: *I am
In favor of a limited season' o!
horse racing.* Now, if a., thing" hi
wrong. It Is wrong at any time an*!
in any. place, it Is .wrong, all r the tjme.
The Mayor says: 'I am in favorer a lim
ited, season of horse . racing, say, thirty
days, in San Francisco. I do not believe
that we should give the gamblers of Oak
land an opportunity to have an exclusive
privilege to pick pockets simply because
we have a moral crusade on. In this city.*
God hasten the moral crusade.
Phrlan Favors Dissipation.
. " "i believe that we should permit a rac
ing season' of thirty days In San Fran
clsco, simply as dissipation for our peo
ple.' Just as if San Francisco people <JM
not dissipate . enough. - Just .- as . though
they needed some other or new'klnd of
dissipation. T would therefore approve
Of a city ordinance providing 'tox a ilm-
Hed racing season In San Francisco/
Now I am not going to. read -all of. this
article. But he suggests here,; 'While
I admit that the Legislature should adopt
some restrictive measure, I also admit
that If It doea nor no ordinance' adopted
by the Supervisors of San Francisco flx
tng.a."limited season will be effective.
Unless we give . the gamblers hare as
many days* racing as another city wo
will not accomplish tho -purpose I have
In view.*' * ..'".'
"So this ]3 the attitude of the highest
cffldal In our city! I have said enough,
and I thank you for your earnest atten
tion. • :r :
"I 'am going to rrad a set of resolu
tions, and If you are In sympathy -.wttjt
me I want somebody to move, that we
adopt them by a rising 1 vote.' and" I will
take them in person or we will send them
by somebody to the Board of Supervis
ors."^"' : : ' " ...'.'. .."¦ "
paper was handed to me and my atten
tion was called . to the fact • that ther<=>
was a strong- artlcl** In It asatnst this
vice. It Is headed 'Vultures- Feeding on
the Public' Read that article' and ynu
will have some Idea of the (Wt of run
ning the races at Tnsleslde. This Is th»
forjn.of the evil. then, which we are spe
cially protesting against to-night.
¦ "I want to say .lust a few plain thins*
to you. and I wish I could say,. them to
thousands of the citizens of San -Fran
cisco. I have done a- little personal In
vestigation myself, and. I declare to you.
after having spent several years htsomo
of the Eastern States and In smne nf tha
large cities there, that I har© never soen
gambling run so wide open, even when
not prohibited by the law, as It* Is. in San
Francisco. While I believe that mep will
gamble in spite of the law. at the .same
time T believe that the man who will
gamble ought to be driven under cover.
Some One Iw Heeelvtnsr Monr-jr-
Xow, I want to know, beloved friends
and fellow citizens, whether this thing la
to be licensed or not. If these men are
doinp this thing, then we have licensed
lawlessness, but who Is getting the rev
enue? Is the City Treasury getting 1 It?
Where Is this money going?. I think it
Is high time for the better element of San
Francisco to unite and to declare that
the right thing shall be done. The right
thing will be -done -whenever the bett-r
element awake from their lethargy an-1
Indifference. The greatest curse of the
age Is the Indifference of the better think
ing people in regard -to and kindred
CVllS. ,' '_ j ¦¦:¦ t> -?"
I am sorFy.JtfnC.Ifdbn"t kjtow why oirr
-honorably 'Jtfayor ha« taken the gtand thax
he has assumed In. this matter. "But I am
going to U«J1 you' this, that w» long as
gambling Is ppeij there Is.no itn^n who la
safe. I don't know why" this is going on.
I don't : dare* sa^; • I won't dare to accuse
anybody; "but Jt "suggests tome the old
threadbare .story • of the, man. who. was
charged In- Court 'with stealing- bacon,
was tried,, conf eased, that be was guilty,
but the jury rendered; a verdict of not
guilty. The lawyer '.turned to his client
anil MlA. "Why. how is this?" At first
he had- refused to take tb# man's case
because- the accused had told him that he
was guilty,- but he -ftnaUy took the case
out of. pity- for the man's family. Said he.
"Why Is It? Tou say you are guilty. You
said It before the" court, but the Jury says,
you are not guilty." "Well," said the
man. "I will tell you. Eleven out of that
jury had a piece of the -stolen bacon." I
won't say that that is th© case In this
Instance, but I will tell you this: When
the gambler is about no man is safe. He
carries the boodle that does the dirty
work so often of bribing men, even some
times men of standing. But enough, haa
been said on this line. :
Insrleslde Mast Sot Open.
2
Take Laxative Bronte Qutnlna Tablata, - All
druirgtsts r«fnad tho money if tt : fall« ts cure
E. \V. Grove's signature Is on each b«t Z*x •
To Cure a Cold in Ona Day.REV. i A/ C. BANE, pastor of \ the
California Street M. _ Church,
: In . hta - sermon »; last - night ;> on •
. . •¦CJambllng' -in - San . Francisco •
Encouraged," dwelt at length -
REV. A! C. BANG!.
WHATEVER one may think of the
Mayor's lode" eald Rev. H. T.
Ehepard of the Olivet Congre
gational Church yeiterday. "his
humor cannot be ralnsaid. If his In
terview with The Call In Saturday's •
Issue does him no Injustice, he j would
give these gamblers an equal- number
of days in each city and an equal , op
portunity to pick the pockets of the
came public. Since burglars have
REV." T. . BROWN preached to the
congregation of the African M.
E. Church lart evening on 'The
Wages of Sin." . In the course
of his sermon he discussed the racetrack
and ¦ gambling evils of San Francisco,
and In part said: . . , .
"In -my humble opinion. , it would be
inconsistent for • the Supervisors • to re
open the -. racetrack— that cesspool of
destruction and place of .iniquity. , To
reopen the Ingleslde track would bo one
of the, most unfortunate acts ever per
petrated . by. a -municipal body.
¦ "Gambling Is. one : of the means of
fllMnk the land with idlers. Our Jails
are filled . with men who ' have stolen
that they might play the races. , It de
stroys, families., fills the almshouse and
¦; engenders strife and footers quarreling. .
It respects the ' thief and; esteems tho
blasphemer. .If honors .Infamy and
- reverences fraud. .
"As ¦ a citizen of ¦; San ' Franclsoo,*\f
feel' it Is my. imperative duty to protest
against such :a resolution being. Intro
duced- as. Is contemplated. ' .The time
has come for - those ¦ who , contend ¦ for
. morality." and 5 . religion; to takf a bold''
stand for the great and grand princi
ples-of moral Tight. ¦-¦- ; '.-.,..
"Since .the: character of a .Stated or
'nation Is Judged by .its laws, it behooves
-Its legislators to pass Just ones. 'If Ban
Francisco, the metropolis of , the Pacific
Coast, is to be Judged by the enactments
let its. Board of Supervisors, , It behooves
the members of the board not to place,
an fict on the statute books of the mu
nicipality A that *.wlM a disgrace • them in'
the eyes of their fellow _ men." /
REV. T. , BROW.V
J^^EV. PHIL.IP COOMBE. pastor of
[*rf the Richmond Congregational
J[ \ Church, In the course of a ser-
Vmon on "Conscience," Bald in
part:
••It Is the duty of every citizen, good
or bad, to raise his voice and use, his
influence to keep the racetrack closed.
It has h*c-n an unmitigated curse to the
city In the r>ast. and an acknowledged
source of vice. AVe all know of the
evil work of the racetrack in this city.
Hardly a week passed without record
ing some crime caused by that devil's
agent against humanity, besides the
constant crookedness and frequent
frauds in the conduct of the races.
"The honorable Mayor and Board of
Supervisors have far higher dutl«i to
perform than considering- sny, such a
proposition. If they do what they ought,
tbry will refuse to take up a subject
which they have bo recently decided,
and decided rightly.
"They have given grreat Joy to the
be?t citizens of the city and county of
San Francisco and of the State by clos
ing the racetrack and- by voting; to' keep
it closed. If they vote now to open it
they will stand convicted by the con
science of every honorable citizen and
by their own consciences If they have
not cauterized them with the branding;
irons of Iniquity."
GAMBLING on the racetrack" was
the Hubject of a prelude to the
regular sermon preached last
. night by the Rev. E. A.. Woods,
pastor of the First Baptist Church. He
said In port:
••Gambling'. • soon becomes such a
mania that personal honor, . home and
loved ones are sacrificed at Its shrine.
Men and women are led into. all other
sins by thin degrading vice, and our
youth are taught in a nchool of crime.
"The people of cur city have a right
to expect that their public officers will
drfend them against this great, evil,
as against a plague or a pestilence
Mayor Phelnn and the Hon
orable ' Tlonrd of Superlsors.
you vrere _ elected .to office for
the purpose of srnnrdinir and
defending the welfare of the
people, not to corrupt and de
¦ troy» . duty Is to' nhnt
physical 'and moral pestilence
out of our city, not to intro
duce It and .maintain It by
lawi the people expert you to
protect the weak and helpless,
not to ; legalise and sanction
the means of their ruin. The
public eye. in upon you. the
oath of. your office makes yoor
duty plain. Whnl answer will
you give to' thone who 'elected
you to 'guard the Interests of
our city?
SAYS GAMBLING
IS ENCOURAGED
REV. JOHN A. B. WILSON, pas
tor of the Howard Street M. E.
Church, in dlacuselnr the race
track evil, delivered the follow
ing; sermon: ' . |
AVe were promlned reform
here, but trill some one tell
hr of one thtner thnt la better
than It ws* three years nnrof
And now irehare the dreadfnl
staOTrinsr which mnat be n mlii
take. Thi»t even the head of.
ocr ctty Rovrrnnifnt, whom
•we all have dellRrhted to honor,
has departed from hi» noble
declaration of a year ago that
"Public - gambllnK I* «• great
evil, leading to povertr, «ll«
srrace, defalcation and death,
Trhlch the records of the city
abundantly prove, and Its
practice nhonld ; be dlMconn
tenonced and suppressed." It
cannot be that after this
brave stand tbe Interview
published on , Saturday 1m
trne. Tlien Indeed Is our Idol
fallen. I cannot, as one of his
conntitnency, believe that the
Rame'dUtlnKaUhed' personal
ity who made the above de
claration is now in favor of
••¦are tliin«r gambling" for
thirty day* on n racetrack
that vrns closed for the, In
famy, nnd dishonesty of its
method* stnd - the rnln It
brought to no- many men and
homes. If the thins: was said,
then he Tras caught in a non-
Judlclal frame of mind i and
I, an one of his most enthusi
astic supporters in tiro elec
tions, appeal from the Mayor
non-jndlclal . minded to. the
Mayor Jndlclnl minded. And I
believe the city may absolute
ly depend upon his deter
mined opposition to . the re
opening of. Ingleslde on the
last analysis. • >
looted the Bank of. California, the Su
perviiwrs should Issue permits for rob-
the Hibernla Bank. Certainly no'
exclusive privilege should . be . given to
.the fraternity, that picks ; the' locks \ on
California and Sansome streets. Since
vice is surreptitiously ; legalized . In .the
tenderloin, "a certain number of .cribs
rhould be erected , on . the Mayor's front
lawn, ct Valencia . and / Seventeenth
• streets, and rented to the demi-monde. :
_ ; "If the" Mayor were consulted in ; th.»*
matter he would have the high court of
heaven Issue letters patent to, the devil '
and his angels for exclusive, use of the
fiery furnace and rack . of I torture, lest
v nome novice should usurp hla calling.
"The racetrack Is an octopus of wick
edness In 'Other counties,, and so an an-'
nual license of thirty days should;em
power the guild to drag the San;Fran
ciscan's soul to helL' .To'secure : falr ¦
"play- the Legislature at ' Sacramento
should , act , as starter and prevent * all
handicaps. '
REV. H. T. SHEPARD.
MAYOR PirELAN"S utterances in
favor of th* racetrack have »»
tounded Rev. J. S". Beard, pas
tor of Grace M. E. Church. In
a sermon preached by him y?rter<iay
morning. r*r. Beard said that it would
o^rrainly be unsafe hereafter for well
rti?po*?(i citizens tn follow the leader
ship of on? capable of the utterance
attributed to the Mavor. In part he
¦aid:
"¦Rar*-tr£rk eambllng is one of the
m<-n pernicious influences In a munici
pality. I was present in the Council
room when the ordinance closing Injrle
*ide was r>esF.*d. and I acclulme4 the
proir.ptnws with which the Mayor ap
proved the ordinance an«l affixed his
Firnatur*. I wes also ;:IeasM with the
ti*tentnf*e of th*- Mayor on the subject
of gambling tn his message a year ago.
On reading the interview reported in
Th* rail yerterday morning I wa* a«
tonlshed nwi disappointed at his change
••If h«* 1» eorrcctly reported,
one could wcarcely inintrlno a
wore rnrnplrlr revemal of hla
l»i"**% lonM ii 1 1 <¦ f*n ii <•<*«. op it riittp
of Brrater moral oliliqnlty
and oHU'lnl rrckl«**KneKM on
ibe part of one •inmllnc nt
tli«- hrail of n creat mnnlcl
palliv. The unnir philosophy
of nllovilnjr |m-oj»1i-'b pocket*
to be picked would certainly
rentier nil decent (government
lmpowMble, for It -would tarn
all thieve* and Ramblers. loose
to prey- on tbe community at
their nleaanrc. It trill cer
tainly be an*cfe hereafter for
well dlnpofced citizens to fol
low tin- leadership of one ca
pable of. the ntterancen at
tributed to Major Phelan."
BREEDER OF
MORAL DISEASE
THE congrfiratlon of the First
Christian Church upheld their
pastor. Rev. F. S. Ford, last
evening by commending hl« views
on racetrack gambling. The preacher
taid la i>art:
•'The people — the Christian people
should r.-.nd by Tfae Call in Its opposi
tion to a return of "the racecourse in
Haa Francisco. Those who favor Us
limited return admit that It Is an in
fectluua *¦•!-«¦ — a breeder of moral dis
ease. If it Is wrong we want none of
St. If It Is right we want It all the
tiir.e.
"If the exclusion of the racecourse is
an exclusion of ramblers and book
makers it is the be<«t quarantine this
city can have. I m'ould rather have free
plague and smallpox. It Is better for
men to lose their live* than their souls.
"The Supervisors can't afford to an
tagonize the Christian sentiment of this
community. Your, ministers will pro
test. Their rclce will have more weight
If you protect. To-night when you go
home pray Ood to prefect i»s In this and
write to your Supervisor that you will
hold him r«xn»:b!e. You have tbe
referendum in ycur own hand."
REV. E. A. WOODS.
REGRETS FALL
OF AN IDOL
so long. Patience, my friends, ceases
to be a virtue. The attempt which u
now being made to reopen Ingleslde—
that cause of so much misery, so much
poverty, so many defalcations and so
many suicides— is a crying act of ahaxne.
"There Is no Influence In the whole
State so strong as the gambling Influ
ence. Therefore, I entreat you all to
go to the Supervisors to-morrow and
use your Influence to defeat the meas
ure."
on the attempt to reopen the Ingiestde
racetrack. In part he said: '
ti "All about us we find vice entangling
Its arms about our youths and corrupt
ing their morality. A few months ago
there was a crusade , against gambling
In this city, but now vice Is more preva
lent than ever before. Although for
btddeo by law its existence is connived
at by the police and encouraged by the
Mayor. Officials who sit by and allow
the laws to be violated are traitors to
their trust. I wonder that the good
people of this city have stood by idle
REV. J. GEORGE GIBSOX.
IlEV. E. V. DINSMOItn.
REV. E. XtlLAXDER.
REV. JOHX A. B. WILSOX.
REV. E. F. DINSMORE, pastor of
the Second Unitarian Church,
sounded the note of warning yes
terday morntng when he an
nounced to his congregation- the peril
that overhangs this fair city. Dr. Dins
more, before announcing his text, de
voted some time to a discussion of the
scheme to reopen the nefarious Ingle
slde racetrack.- In part he said:
"The Call, in its Issue of yesterday
morning, like a faithful watchman
upon the wall, sounded a note of warn
ing which, like a stroke of the tocsin,
should arouse to the defense' of this
city, against a dangerous enemy, every
parent who cares for the welfare and
safety of ;hls home; every ' citizen who
cares for the'jeood name -and honor r .pf
this " "municipality; ; every v - man ', and
woman who would protect virtue jand
prevent crime.! : • . J V?>^
"According to The Call," It Is proposed ,
to Introduce in the Board of Supervisors
to-morrow a resolution in' favor ;of re
opening Inglenlde racetrack, and allow
ing the gamblers to once more ply their
nefarious work of demoralization and
debauchery. Beaten at the polls, these
'agents of crime now seek from the
Board of Sui>ervlRorB consent that for
= a period of thirty days they may seduce
and rob, tempt and ruin, degrade and
destroy.
"In the same Issue, The Call pub
lishes a llet - of crimes committed by
those whom. Ingleslde racetrack and Its
gambling fraternity had ruined. If that
kind of fruit Is desired, then let the
tree .again be planted that Its product
may be gathered, to the shame and re
proach of this people. The note of
warning has been sounded by The Call.
I have performed my duty in empha
' sizing the peril. The obligation now
.rests upon the men and women of San
Francisco to act; ,' and to act so im
mediately and so energetically that the
gamblers of this city, together with
their aiders and abettors, shall under
stand that not for thirty days, nor for
one day, j shall ¦ they be permitted to
sow their seeds of ruin and death."
GAMBLING IS
A GREAT EVIL
THB congregation of the Emmanuel
Baptist Church was stirred, last even-
Ing by the sermon preached by their
pastor. Rev.«J. Georjre Gibson, against
the reopening of the Ingleside track. Dr.
Gibson did not rmnce his words in discus
sing the evils of gambling. He said that
the track was a blot on Ban Francisco,
and when It was wiped out a year ago
every good citizen rejoiced. He said any
effort to reopen the nefarious place would
be unjust to the people of this com
munity and he trusted that the Super
visors would not demean themselves by
such an act. The Ingleside track has left a
wake of ruin in this city and turned many
a home Into a hell.' In part he said: _ .
"The old auestlon Is the newest. " Every
age has Its own vice. It seems Impossible
to kill some evils. We must not get dis
couraged. If we thought the evil of gam
bling was gone when the racetrack was
closed we were mistaken. We must take up
the fight again, inglealde is a blot on San
Francisco. It Is making many a home Into
a hell. It Is turning children Into the street
to beg their bread. It Is making many a
father unfaithful to his wife and children.
It Is Increasing the Idle men In town. It Is
causing people to pile up . debts ] that will
never be paid. It Is decreasing our venera
tion for women.
"Not until It comes home to ourselves do
we realize -what harm gambling is doing.
When our boy disappears, when our bus -
band gives up his work, then we see some-
REV. PHILIP COOMBE.
turn with, horror upon their faces to say
K were not lawful for a man to utter what
REV. E. K_*AXDER. pastor of the
Flirt English Ixitheran Church,
preached an able sermon against vice
to this city. He dw«lt at lenjrth en
K ambling, and In doing; eo denounced the
racetracks now ruw.lnir in full blast In this
vicinity. He contended that they were do
in^ Irreparable Injury to the city. He
also said that any more to reopen the
Ingleslde track should be blocked by the
decent element, as It was an Infamous In
stitution. He spoke In r>art as follows:
"Hothlag Is gained by calling- our city the
worst place in the world. Those who have
resided In South America, IXirope or Asia,
or even la tome cities of our own land,
kaow that such talk is libel. "V\> must not
allow aolltics here to blind or distort our
vision. The city wl!l be wide open under
any party, unless a powerful public senti
ment enforces decency. We may not hope
to do away with vice. Were Christ to be
crucified again there would be raen to
r«rr.b!e for his clothes right under bis
crort. To stamp out vice would require a
race cf angels and not of men. At the
same time If nothing Is done to repress
wickedness It will detsroy the city. ICo
community Is safe without an ever active
assault on evil. San Francisco cannot
»=ter.i3 if her decent people submit tamely
to the excesses of her most vicious classes.
There are places In our great cities that
air* 1 veritable chambers of horrors. Those
who have dared to look Into these pits re-
thlnr should be done.. Tet our boy Is not
more precious than hundreds of other boys
who are being ruined. Gambling becomes
a mania. The majority wl'.l never win
money. That would stop gambling In a
short time. Gambling is for the gala of a
small minority. The ring that manage* this
thing has no heart. If it had a heart It
would give up the business. Still, the ma
jority keep on losing, losing money, losing
some and character and are content to lose.
This vice has a charm that blinds Its vic
tims. Boys are willing- to leave their situ
ations, and men with families are wilting
to walk out of their homes.
"At present San Francisco teem* to be
In the power of the gamblers. Good people
are asleep or discouraged. Even church
members are angry with their preaehera
when they speak against baying lottery
tickets. Let uj awake to our duty. The
newspapers rendered good service laat year.
and we should nets them this year.
If we bad the patience and the wisdom of
-be ramblers we would win the day.
"Ingleslde should not be allowed to b«gla
again. Oakland can look after Itself. It la
the city of churches and If thes« churches
awake to their duty they have strength
enough to keep San Francisco gamblers
from crowding themselves Into Oakland-
We want no racetrack on this side. Let
Oakland say the earn* for Itself. With a
criminal list such as The Call gave yes
terday one day a year Is too much to give
the bookmakers, -whatever Mayor Phelan
thinks."
they had teen. A portion of our own proud
city Is admittedly a simmering caldron of
vice and crime.
'•It Is eald that another effort will be
made to reopen the Ingrleslde racetrack, and
that to-morrow a Supervisor will introduce
an ordinance to that effect. AnVftort -was
made some time agpo, but so great was the
sentiment then of the better classes of our
citizens aralnst it. as It found expression
In press and pulpit, that the project mis
carried. Clergymen who dared speak -were
told that they would .do well to let those
thlnjrs alone, as it was not a function of
the church to take any part In municipal
affairs. Certain newspapers editorially-
Insinuated that the preachers had some ul
terior motive. But who could keep silence
while mothers were bewailing ruined sons
whose downward career began at the race
track, and wives wept in blighted homes
while their once respectable hUBbands con
sorted at the racetrack with jcamblers and
libertines and foul-mouthed men and flashy
'omen. Net only were horses flying around
the ring: r-ut for many a habitue honor and
domestic happiness' and fortune were racing
with fraud and profanity and ruin. And
now It Is proposed to reopen that Infamous
institution. But it cannot be done without
an outburst of general indignation, and
whatever b* the immediate .result the tn
tn-my will be burled out of sight when the
wrath of the people finds voice. ¦ I
M0NY hJOMES H0VE BEEN TURNED
INTO HELL BY THE RACETRACK
FHE clergymen of San Francisco made themselves
spokesmen yesterday for thousands upon thousands
i of men and women who are united in solid opposition
to the reopening of the Inglcside race course and the re-cstab
hshmeni of its gigantic evil of gambling. Perhaps never be
fore in the history of the city has there been so unanimous an
expression of opinion upon, a single subject. Eliminating all
thought of class or creed, congregations met to hear what
their pastors know of the evil of racehorse gambling and
what they fear from its threatened revival.
From many pulpits in San Francisco came* stern, sol
emn warnings to Mayor Phelan and the Board of Supervis-
ors not to violate their oath to the people by betraying instead
of protecting the sacred rights they have been chosen to
guard. And with those warnings came another that if
Mayor Phelan and the Board of Supervisors are recreant to
the trust reposed- in them they must accept the infamy which
will be the inevitable punishment for. their, offense.
With such thoughts as these the clergymen of San
Francisco spoke yesterday to their people oil the threatened
danger which menaces deeply in the proposed revival of
track gambling. And the warnings were made in order thai
the Supervisors might also hear and heed. There has sel
dom been in this city such a day of dramatic interest to
those people of San Francisco who have at heart the welfare,
of the city in which they live.
Remarkable Scenes Presented in Churches Where
Men and "Vy omen Sound a Solemn Warning
Against the Impending Evil to San Francisco
AGAINST TRACK GAMBLING
, TH_ SAN^ FRANCISCO GALLi MONDAY, JANUARY 28, -1901.
Continued on Fifth Page.
HEV. J. X. nEARD.
3
DECLARES THAT INGLESIDE TR0CK
IS AN INFAMOUS INSTITUTION
APPEALS TO
SUPERVISORS.
SURPRISED AT
MAYOR PHELAN
BELIEVES IN
EQUAL RIGHTS
SOUNDS NOTE
OF WARNING
MAYOR PHELAN
GIVEN WARNING
¦;. ¦ — . -. A i —^ _ry-'_r-_ m - _¦¦%
718 Market Street and
Cor.. Powell and Eddy Sts.
— ". » fZ t 1 1. Ill » Hill IWJH IP 'I MtlWI. IW JMllJ__MIKr'StiSJ|UlHf"fjSJ —r > " Wl
Out-of-town orders fined— write for samples and self'
measuring blank.
We have not said much about our $10.00
made-to-o der suits for a long time, as we
could not get cloth enough from the mills
to supply our regular customers who always
come here for their suits.
Things are different now. We have
secured plenty of cloth and are prepared to
make suits for all our old customers and
any new ones who would like a good wear-
ing and good fitting, all-wool, made-to-order
suitfjr $10.00. . :-
The line of cloths comprises the latest
1 90 1 pa: terns in tweeds and cheviots which
have just come out. Samples freely given
—call for: hem.
j> /.Every suit bears our guarantee label,
¦ ¦-. :
Made toyour
measure for S 1OBIRDSEXEJ VIEW OF SANTA.' CLAJtA COLLEGE BUILDINGS. THE FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOTTNT>
- IN& OF THIS "WELL-KNOWN INSTITUTION WILL BE CELEBRATED MARCH 13 WITH APPROPRIATE
¦^CEREMONIES.. , ;.- > ..*..- j . . i.\
A series of athletic contests. Including
baseball and football games, will be par
ticipated in by the students. In the even
ing a choice literary and musical pro
gramme will be rendered. Nicholas Bow
den of San Jose has been chosen to de
liver the address of the evening.
will assist him. Tho sermon will be
preached by Bishop Montgomery of Los
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A QUIET DAY AT THE STATE CAPITAL.
lime. Pauline Caro.
PARIS, Jan^2S.— Mme. .'Pauline. Cassln
Caro. a well-known woman of letters, died
yesterday. She was torn in 1834.
Officer Knocked . Down i by ! a ; Wagon.
' Police : Officer "WV-Doran of the north
end . station was treated at' the Receiving
Hospital yesterday '• morning at 4 o'clock
for several contused and lacerated wounds
of the head; and body. 'While crossing
Van Nees .avenue ?and California street
a milk wagon belonging to the v Millbrae
dairy , and * driven by , George < Campbell
struck the officer. Campbell was arrested
and charged v with battery, while . the In
jured; officer -was sent to -his home at 57
Sharon street.;* ."-.: "" . .'
PARIS, Jan. 27.— Dispatches from the
northern coast show that there was a
heavy gale over the channel and that
several small boats were lost.
Gales in English Channel.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— Stella Thorns. 20
years old, was crushed to death to-day by
the elevator in theiYoung Women's Chris
tian Association ' building. She had
watched • a physician . vaccinate , the In
mates and took the elevator to go to her
room. She , fainted, and falling forward
her head was caughi between the . floor
and the ascending car." Her head . was
badly crushed and Ehe died within five
minutes. • • : '„
the Cage.
Shaft and Is Crushed by
Faints and -Falls Down Elevator
YOTJNQ WOMAN MEETS
A HORRIBLE DEATH
'T. P. Bahr and Clyde' Pollack stopped
to talk to a female lodger \ In the corri
dor of" the lodging-house at' 681- Mtoslon
street j-esterday. Edward P. Richards,
a pattern-maker, who is Infatuated with
the lady,' became bo Infuriated at the
right that he attacked Bahr and Pollack
and /them with ¦ a club. Dr. Dorr
dressed several lacerations of their scalps
at the Receiving- Hospital. Richards was
Jailed' on the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. >
Richards Clubs His RivaL
Han Who Helped Him to , Escape Is
Put in Pesthouse and Will Be j
Prosecuted.
APPLETOX. Vv'Ip.. Jan. 27.— Dr. Roder
mund. the physician who, to support his
theory of non-contagion of disease, de- !
libcrately spread smallpox contagion In
this city, broke quarantine Saturday
evening, eluded the officers and. aided by
H. W. Rathbun, drove to Waupaca and
took a train to- Chicago. Rathbun re
turned to-night and was put In the-pest
house. He will be prosecuted.
QTJABAUTINED PHYSICIAN
EVADES HIS WATCHEBS
VICTORIA. 35. C. Jan. 27.— A singular
tale of the sea was received In letters to
charterers of the bark Ben Avon here;
telling of a happening on the voyage of
tho bark from Xew York to Hobsons Bay
The chief officer of the bark pays that on
Getorrr 6 in latitude 2t>.26 south and longi
tude 27.50 west the Ben Avon sighted a
Fhip on fire some miles away. He bore
down toward the burning vessel and was
brought to within two cable lengths of
the unfortunate shl^. on which there was
no sign of human life. As she was In the
last stages of demolition by fire, no evi
dence could be obtained to Identify the
burned vessel or tell what had become of
the crew. Her boats- were gone, but
whether destroyed by fire or launched and
manned by the crew prior to the abandon
ment of the vessel Is unknown. The near
est land was 500 miles away.
sel Burning Far Out
at Sea,
Ben Avon Sights an Abandoned Ves-
BEPOBTS AU0THEB
OCEAN MYSTERY
INQUIRES ABOUT ; HIS SON.— Chief Sulli
van - received a letter yesterday from Albion
Miller.' lumber agent. Minneapolis, asking him
to find out what has become of his' son. Bert
H. Miller. The younit man had been -working
at Tinole, and wrote on Auarust, 19 last, that
he was coming to this city. Since then nothing
lisa been heard of blm, and his father Is afraid
that he -has met "with foul play or been taken
sick and -perhaps died. . -- . =¦
DIED PRESUMABLE OF OLD AGE,—
George Crosby, a solicitor. 82 years of age, was
found dead in bed at 521 Jones street yester
day, and his body was removed to the Morgue.
It Is supposed that he died from old a*e. ¦•
~DIED IN COUNTY JAIL..— John Gleason; who
was serving a six-months' . sentence at < the
Branch^ County Jail,. '-died suddenly yesterday
afternoon from natural causes.' He was a na
tive of Ireland, 60 years of are.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
¦ -A telegram from Marshal. Bennett
authorizes the Mayor and Council here to
arm and swear in all: able-bodied citizens
to protect their property until soldiers can
be sent there from Henrietta.
Last night : the .--citizens of Brlstow
guarded the town. -At 3 o'clock this morn
ing the weird .chant of the -Indian dance
and the. beat of the tomtom: was plainly
heard by the guards on the south' side of
tho ¦ town. •¦¦.-¦ . - •'¦¦' ¦• ..-¦'-¦<-.
- Many of the t ull-bloods . who ¦ have been
in the habit of wearing; white man's, ap
parel were dressed. In. full Indian regalia.
They are very bitter in their denunciation
of the marshals : for the arrest yesterday
of Tom " Tiger, < captain of the insurgent
light horsemen: Fearing that an attempt
would be made! to release - Tiger he was
taken to Muskogee. ¦•¦¦¦- ;
BRISTOW..I. T.. Jan. 27.-MaJor Lille
(Pawnee Bill), 1 with a posse Including Cap
tain Edmond Harry of ' the Creek light
horsemen, three marshals and four Indian
police, visited the hostile Creek* stamping
ground, six miles. south of this place, at
noon to-day. The Indiana, who were hold-
Ing a big feast, refused the posse admit
tance and declined to confer with them
in any manner. . y
Beat of the Tomtoms Heard by the
Guards at Bristow.
Two causes are assigned for the. lack
of cars. Ono is that the railroads are
feeling the shortage of coal, and as there
It not enough to supply the motive power
for all trains, the passenger trains ! are
given preference, and- the freight .cars
are permitted to block up at the eastern
end of the Santa Fe Pacine . on - the 'way
back to this coast. It is said that "there
are 700 cars - thus blocked up at Albu
querque, many of which are refrigerators.
The other reason assigned for the Bhprt
age of cars is that the shippers are In the
habit of leaving the cars on the sidetracks
Jnithe East while waiting for an advance
in the prices. The cars are thus retained
in the Kast, and do not get started back
for reloading even were the railroad able
to bring- them through. *
INDIANS IN < A WARDANCE.
RAX DIEGO, Jan. Zl.— The scarcity of
fruit cars to move thejcltrus fruit crop of
Southern California lsfbeglnning to worry
this entire Section of -the State. Though
the shipping season has barely com
menced from this city, there is hardly a
car in sight, and there are. at least fifteen
or twenty carloads of lemons packed and
ready for shipment In. the packing- houses.
The market Is beginning to pick up, and
the orange-shipping season should Boon be
at its height." Without cars to move the
fruit the situation assumes a serious as?
pect. ' ¦ >
Hardly a Car in Sight to Move the
Southern .'Citrus Crop East- .
_?' 'ward. . .
SCARCITY OF CARS f
WORRIES SHIPPERS
¦ TAMPA, ¦ Fia., ' Jan.' 27.'— The cigar
makers at Seidenberg & Co.'s branch of
the .-¦¦ Havana- American Company have
gone out on strike. - -
Clgarmakers. Strike.
N PEORIA, 111., Jan. "27.— The body of
Jacob Kunts. !a,lie.fmit,: was found; in '-a
miserable cabin near "this cltyj to-day. The
body was clad In rags. On his personwas
$458 in money, and a | deed to eighty acres
of valuable land. He hau literally, starved
himself to death! ¦
. No • people outside Great Britain so ¦ deeply
feel • this . mighty . grief as our ¦ people. - Take
from our veins the Welsh blood . or the Eng
lish, blood or the. Irish ; blood or the Scotch
blood and the Btream In our life would be
come a mere shallow. '-.,.' ''
¦.;••'• ¦. ¦¦••..., 9 ' '' ' '.¦¦•¦ -
"AGED HERMIT. STARVES
, :\ = HIMSELF TO DEATH
.' It is here that I s find the most Impressive
and Important lesson of the nodal life that
has Just been terminated. In her we see sim
ple, virtue triumphant over th» world. ' In her
career we eee that. the mltrhtieFt forc« In so
ciety, and in k - history Is character*. ,-
In a sermon'at' the First Baptist Church
Dr.T. DeWitt Talmadge said In part: ..,-¦
"WASHINGTON, Jan. '27.— Queen Vic
toria's life, reign and "death formed the
theme In many Washington pulpits to
day. At Epiphany Church an elab'orate
service was" celebrated at 11 o'clock In
memorial; Rev. Dr. McKlm. tho rector,
delivered a sermon- on the life and death
of the Queen.- A .special musical •"/ pro
gramme was arranged for the service. 1
Lord Pauncefote. the British Embassa
dor, attended accompanied by Lady
Pauncefote, tho Misses Pauncefote and
three members of the embassy. Members
of the Sons of St. George were conspicu
ous among tho congregation. The service
was one of marked solemnity. . In con
cluding his sermon Dr. McKim said:
Death Has Claimed.
Pastors Eulogize the Queen Whom
SERVICES IN WASHINGTON.
VENTURA, Jan. 27.— Raiii* began* falling
at 10 o'clock this morning, and continued
throughout the day. Mountain streams.are
impassable.' The Ventura and 'Santa
.Clara rivers arc running very. high. Tnis
season's rainfall In Matilija- Canyon e'x
ceeds 35 inches. . CJrowing grain is in ex
cellent condition. TTIo. planting of sugar
beets has commenced.'.and a large -acregae
will be devotedrto Lima beans.- A large 1
apricot crop-is assured., OverfiOOO head of
cattle have been 'imported .from Arizona
and Mexico, during the past ? ten- days.
There is abundance of feed on the ranges.
LOS ANGEL.ES, Jan. 27.— A -generous
rain fell throughout -Southern California,
to-day, and much good will, result. Fruit
will be benefited and'the prevailing sick
ness will be diminished. V
SAN I>IEGO. Jan. 27.— There were heavy
showers to-day, the rainfall aggregating
.38 of an Inch. In tho country the precipi
tation ranged from .40 to .85 of an. inch.
Greatly Benefited.
Pasture [ Lands . andy Growing Crops
RAIN FALLS IN THE SOUTH.
This capture, with the sweep east the
soldiers will make to-morrow, probably
will end the Insurrection; \ Marshal Ben
nett, with a dozen deputies, will leave
¦with the troops .and it is expected .they
will capture the. other leaders. - - > ¦
Deputy Marshal Johnson, who bears the
reputation of being the boldest, most
prudent and best man on Marshal Ben
nett's staff, and Bonnie Mclntosh. made
a bold dash to-day ' Into the Snake's
stronghold, which was surrounded by
Indians, and captured tne chief Insurgent.
The Indian chief was brought here Im
mediately and is being closely guarded
by the Deputy Marshals and Troop A.
Eighth United States Cavalry, under
Lieutenant DIxon.
"HENRIETTA. I. T., Jan.' 27.-Deputy
United §tatP8 Marshal Grant Johnson ar
rived here at 7:4", p. m. with Chitto Harjo
Cthe crazy Snake), whom he capturqd at
Eufaula.
of the Redskins.
Deputy Marshal Brings in the Leader
CRAZY SNAKE CAPTURED.
BURGLARS BLOW
OPEN TWO SAFES
Railroad Stations at AptO3
and Capitola Are
Robbed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE. Jan. 27.— The safes in the
railroad stations at Aptos and Capitola,
in Santa Cruz. County, were blown open
and wrecked on Saturday night. At Aptos
the burglars secured $143 70 in money and
several valuable papers, and at Capitola.
two gold watches. Both safe* were
wrecked in the same manner and prob
ably by the same parties. A sledge ham
mer was found at Capitola which had
been stolen from _ a blacksmith shop at
AptOS. , .
Sheriff Milton Besse of Santa Cruz shad
owed twp men near Capitola whose con
duct aroused his" suspicions. "When they
boarded a train for San Jose he decided
to follow them. Coming over the men
took separate seats and pretended not to
know one another. ' -
Upon arriving at this place tho men
were requested by Sheriff Bess* to accom
pany him to the police station. They
boarded, a street car. but had only gone
a few blocks when one of the men jumped
off and started to run. Sheriff Besse. leav
ing the other man on the car, pursued
him and succeeded in overtaking him.
At the police station the man gave his
name as C. McGee and said he was from
Boulder Creek. He was plainly dressed
and had $16 35 on his person. He denied
having any knowledge of the safe-wreck
ing, but will be held pending an investi
gation. The other man escaped.
IT A T.TAir- AMEBICAUS
V ' MOUEJI VERDrS DEATH
Prepare a Fitting Memorial
Service.
Mass-lCeetiiigr to B9 Held Tilonday to
The death of Verdi occasioned great sor
row among his fellow-countrymen In this
city. Fifty of the most Influential Italian
citizens assembled yesterday morning In,
the- office of I-' Italia to devise means for
fittingly expressing their sorrow. A com
mittee of nine was appointed, with G.
Almagia as president, to arrange a memo
rial service.
This evening a mass-meeting of Italian-
Americana will be held in ¦Washington
Square Hall, at the corner of Stockton
and Union streets, at which the plan of
the service will be submitted for their ap
proval. The Philharmonic Society will
participate in the meeting.
DEATH OP'vBEENAED HORN,
A NOTED CATTLE KING
One of the Pioneers of the State and
Possessed of Vast
Interests.
Bernard Horn, the well-known cattle
king, died yesterday at his home at 2S01
Marl posa street. He had been in 111
health for some time past, but his death
came as a sad surprise to his relatives.
He was a native of New York. 66 yeara
of age and leaves four children. Bernard
J Horn, Mrs. R. H. Powell, Elizabeth A.
Horn and Thomas Horn.
Deceased came to this State In early
days and took , up his residence in the
Mission district. He built a palatial home
on Mariposa street, above Harrison, and
has always lived there with his family.
He bought considerable property In the
neighborhood and many thought that ho
v,as foolishly investing his money. Prop
erty at that time could be bought for a
trifle and but few had the faith that Horn
had In the future of the city.-. The wis
dom of his investment was proved in
after years. He also Invested largely In
cattlp ranges in the Interior and was
looked upon as one of the richest cattle
butchers and raisers in the State. Of
late years he intrusted the greater part
of the management of his vast affairs to
his son, Bernard J. Horn.
- SAN* DIEGO. Jan. 27-Next Friday a. rural
free delivery will be established in the San
Pasqual and Kscondldo v»Hev» from the E»
condldo poatofflce. The valleys are filled with
prosperous ranches and the route to b» cov
ered by the carrier will b» twenty-eight roijes
lone and cover about thhrty-on» squar* mllea
of tfcff ralley. The carrier will rvacH ISO
houses, and It Is estimated that the population
to be nerved will be close t.i SfX). This is tho
first rural free delivery route to be estab
lished In San IHeso County.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Taking advan
tage of what probably will be the
last adjournment over Saturday
and Sunday, every legislator who
has a home within hailing distance of
the capital went thither. Nobody
who is anybody has remained in town ex
cept a few who look upon legislation as
a serious business and one to be studied
between sessions and a few more who
live too far away and were not included
in any junket. When so many little trips
were being made up It was hard, not to
provide a place for all, but there were
some who remained behind for a quorum's
eake.
When not planning junkets last week the
Assembly put in its time figuring how it
could relieve Mr. Franklin of the burden
of one Delehanty by transferring him to
the broad shoulders of the State. Fnftiklin
complained bitterly that he was; forced
to -feed" Mr. Delehanty. and he consid
ered that an Imposition no self-respecting
Assembly should permit. He asked that
Delehanty be made a clerk of the Com
mittee on Enrolled and Engrossed Bills,
of which Franklin is chairman, so that
Delehanty might feed himself for a while.
As Franklin had already used all "of his
patronage, he invoked the aid of the cau
cus.
1 here was more doing in the patronage
line than Delehanty. however. The San
Francisco delegation wanted Jacob Step
pacher appointed its clerk for apportion
ment purposes, and "Billy" Banks want
ed more assistant sergeants-at-arms.
About these same assistants there was
some discuesion. 'There were four of
them, but the best of reasons were given
for their appointment. It seems that to
protect the Assemblymen while they are
making laws it was decided that the floor
should be clear of all but statesmen and
committee clerks. This would drive the
assiduous workers from the floor of the
House back among the rabble and the
Long John Wilkinses in the rear of the
Assembly chamber, and as there are times
when even a lobby is a good thing to have
it was'decided to put in a second railing
just behind the desks, between which and
the present railing there would be estab
lished a "members' lobby" — a sort of
legislative limbo between the heaven of
the House and the other place where the
politicians flock and foregather. Besides,
to put in this railing would require the
servloes of several carpenters, and to at
tend Its gates -would require several more
6trgeants-at-arms. The railing would
have to be built in order to employ more
men, and more men would have to be em
ployed to take care of the railing, so po
litically it balanced.
And Steppacher's appointment, too. was
looked upon as a good thing, particularly
when a telegram was received saying he
wouldn't accept and a telephone message
followed saying he would.
These things were thrashed out in cau
cus, and they went through with a rush
that overbalanced several objectors; but
the resolution never got as far as the As
sembly. Those who had opposed it got
together and demanded another caucus
on the subject, and so the scheme is still
J In abeyance, and Franklin is still feeding
Delehanty. It was suggested that the
State could board Delehanty somewhere
for a dollar or so a day, which would be
a saving of $4 of the salary to which he
I aspires, but neither Franklin nor Martin
Kelly would stand for that.
There was a willingness on the part of
the caucus to put Steppacher in as clerk
to the joint apportionment committees,
but when the caucus resolution was block
ed some eager friend proposed a resolu
tion making him clerk to the San Fran
cisco delegation. This was coldly sat upon
by the Assembly, which was In a virtuous
mood at th« time. *
The whole game of patronage as played
up here would be funny if it did not so
closely resemble a buzzards' feast. There
Is nothing clean about It. and for a Legis
lature, whose slogan Is "economy" It Is
a nauseating inconsistency. There is but
one crumb of the liberal allowance left,
and that Is for 50 cents' worth of patron
age still held by Hourigan of San Francis
co, and he holds it because he would not
loan It to anybody to make up another
place with other crumbs, and he did not
try to borrow any to put with it. It Is
the only four-bit piece In the Assembly
that is not working.
The trouble over the joint rule bids
fair to assume serious proportions before
long, for both houses are determined not
to give a step. It will simply mean that
if bills coming in from one house should
be amended in the other it will kill them
at once, and already there are veiled
threats of the mutual slaughter of bills
on both sides of the Capitol. There are
many pet measures that will be given this
happy dispatch Bhould no way around the
deadlock be devised.
eALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jani 27.— The members
of the Assembly Committee on
State Hospitals and Asylums re
turned from San Francisco to
night, having spent all of Saturday at
Agnews. A favorable report will be .made
of that institution and as a result of the
visit several bills will be introduced ask
ing for appropriations,. In addition to the
amount regularly provided for in the bud
get. The committee has not formally de
cided what Its attitude will "be -on these
measures. -
' Wright of Santa Clara will introduce
three bills, all .carrying appropriations.
One will be for $22,000 for the erection of
a cottage for female patients, f A cottage
for male patients has just been erected
at that cost out of the hospital's contin
gent fund. The work was very economic
ally done, according to. the. report of the
Afisejnblymen.-and.-the- appropriation, for
another building probably will meet the,
committee's approval. -• - • - : ; --:r
Another bill will provide an appropria
tion of $10,000 for a -water tower and tanks
and a new well. The old redwood tanks
in the top of the main building are re
garded as dangerous. In. their present
state, it is claimed, a slight earthquake
phock might deluge the ' entire building.,
to the peril of the Inmates and the cer
tain serious damage of the contents of
the building. •
A third proposed bill will appropriate
$5000 for orchards and grounds. These, ow
ing to repeated extensions of . tho hos
pital, are in bad condition, but' the com
mittee probably will not recommend this
appropriation at this time. The manage
ment of the asylum present their claims
to consideration with good grace, as they :
have not asked for a special appropria- '
tlon for six years past. • :
This committee will leave next Friday :
to visit the State Hospital at Highlands,
where nearly $200,000 In special appropria
tions is sought. The southern institu
tion is said to / be greatly overcrowded,
necessitating the sending of many pa
tients from Southern California to the
; northern hospitals. The ..Assembly Com
mittee on State Prisons and Reformatory
Institutions will visit the "Whittler State
School late this. -week, leaving here, it Is
planned, about Friday. The date of its
visit to Folsom. has yet. to be determined.
Savage of .Los Angeles will introduce a
proposed • constitutional amendment to
morrow by. which , the. adoption . of new
textbooks in the public schools will be
further regulated. The purpose of the
amendment will be to compel the use of a
textbook for at least six years after its
adoption, instead of /'four as .at present.
Savage claims that. the cost of textbooks
Is a real burden to many and his measure
Is intended to afford relief to such.
CAT^T. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. C7.— The Paris Com
mission investigation will take the
center of the stage on Tuesday, to
hold perhaps for the remainder of
the wieek. It has not b*»en decided wheth
er the committee Investigating will do its
¦work at night or between sessions of the
House, or whether »t will hold pensions all
day and finish the thins? up with a. rush.
There is a great deal of speculation a3
to the srope of the inquiry, but as the
time of the meeting draws nearer, infor
mation bearing on the investigation keeps
coming in, and it will be a wonder if thero
is not at least one gt>od sensation out cf
the affair before it nnaily closes.
Th« latest tale of th« doinsrs of the
commissioners comes Irom A. J. David
pon of Shasta, a miner and jeweler, who
loaned a. beautiful quartz specimen to tne
commission and now wishes he had not
done so. Davidson's specimen, was a rock
freely interspersed with gold of varying
colors, the variation being due to chem
ical action. One thousand dollars waa of
fered for it for the. university collection.
and another offer of $2500 was made, bua
they were declined.
Knowledge of the specimen reached the
attention of the Paris Commission, and
Secretary Varney Ga&kill wrote to ask
for a. loan of it for exhibition at the ex
position. Gaskill would not accept a ntg
ative reply and finally convinced Davld
pon that, as a patriotic duty, he ought to
let the commission show the world what
the mineral resources of California could
produce. Davidson agreed to the loan.
but insisted that it phould be insured for
$4500. Gasklll accepted the trust and Dav
l£son gave him $50 for the insurance, as
agreed to.
The siwcimen went to Paris all right,
but when it was returned a considerable^
t^ction of it was miasinc. Mr. Davidson
wrof to Gaskill complaining about his
loss, but Gaskill ma<ia no reply. Then the
Shasta man wrote to Assemblyman Hub
bard. He took Davidson's letter to Gov
ernor Gage and was advised to communi
cate -with Commissioner W. W. Foote,
•who paid he would look into the matter.
Gaskill wrote to. Davidson after thl3.
Raying there was only about ten grains
missing from the specimen, and that tho
¦whole thine 'was worth no more than
5150. As nothing was said in GasklH's
letter about the insurance. Davidson says
he does not know whether it wu?
ever insured or what became of the $50
that he paid for a policy.
l^avldson pays GasKill'e statement that
there was only about ten ?rains lo.«t from
The specimen is refuted by a number of
j>hotographs of the specimen that David
eon had taken before be allowed It to go
nut of his hands. He says that any num
ber of men from »iis county knew ths
rock before he loaned it. and are willing
to mear that a large part of it has dis
appeared.
Assemblyman Hubbard, who is a frien<1
of Davidson. Fay? he is going to take the
matter up and that he will see that th«
fa^-ts of the specimen are laid before tha
investigating- committee.
The specimen received no prize, whim
in Itself is considered a remarkable cir
f-umstanoe: but Davidson is going to find
out what happened to the lost piece be
fore he takes up anv other phase of the
subject. He says lie would rooner have
The whole specimen instead of the $4500 in
surance, and he is not going to let th»
missing oieoe so without a fieht.
Varney Gaskill. T. T. Dargie and TV. E.
Darg:e Jr. will come up from Oakland to
morrow night to be rvady to appear bo
fore the committee the following after
noon.
Commissioner? Foote and Runyon and
Is. A. Emlay will arrive in Sacramento to
morrow night. The committee's Investi
gation will begin at 2 p. m. Tuesday in
Grangers Ha'l and the commissioners
will b* 1 the first witnesses examined. A
preliminary meeting of the committee will
ie held to-morrow afternoon to plan the
campaign of Investigation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After securing ev#rythlns considered
worth while, the marauders backed out
through the doors and made oft to the
woods. There was no attempt to follow
them, but the Sheriff's office was notified
to-day and half a dozen deputies were dia
patched to the scene.
SEATTLE. Jan. 27.— The little mlninj
town of Leary. thirty miles from this city,
on the line of the new Seattle and Saa
Francisco Railroad, was the acene of an
exciting holdup at an early hour this
morning. Tha saloon of Robert Murphy,
the principal resort of the town, waa in
vaded by four masked men. who startled
the bartenders and a score or more of
patrons, covered them with revolvers, and
a cleanup of all hands' Was madfl. The
robbers secured between C50 and KOO,. half
a dozen revolvers and three gold watches.
The robbery was a great lanovatlon for
Leary as the town had be«n establUhe.1
only a few. months, the entire population
being employed directly or indirectly In
the coal mines. Yesterday was pay day
and during th«. evening Slurphy'a saloon
was well patronized. The crowd remained,
to a late hour drinking and gambling,
when suddenly bdth front and back doors
were thrown wide open and two masked
mrn entered each with revolvers, cover
ing the assemblage. As soon as tfc© rob
bers made their purpose known two of
their number guarded the doors while tha
other two went through the money
drawer and pockets of the bartenders and
gtwsts.
Special Dtepatch to Tb» CU1
Daring Robbsry in the Lit
"¦ tie Town of
Leary.
MASKED MEN
HOLD UP SALOON
This. Is really bat the first of a series of
ce ebrations to be held at the historic old
college. The next will begin on June 3
and last three days. At tbi» time the.
ftTtlT 1^ 11 . 6 of tDe new c °Heg» wiU be
laid with Imposing ceremonies.
Rev. Father •N'oblll. S. J.. was the
founder and first president of the institu
tion. Conducted on the broad lines laid
down by him the Institution has flour
ished, and many of the most prominent
men of the State are among its graduates.
The question of disinheriting the chil
dren came up. » Mr. Hardinsr s*Ud> he had
never made the statement that. he would
disinherit any. of the children, but he did
say that thope who attacked him were not
entitled to his favorable regard. Adelaide
and Victor were especially bitter against
him.
SAIC DIEGQ. Jan. 27.— The Harding di
vorce case continues to drag out its weary
length in Department 2 of the Superior
Court, but it is thought that > argument
will be reached to-morrow. It seems to bo
very much of a fight of father against
family, with plenty of money on each
side. - The millionaire plaintiff, who is an
attorney In Illinois, is represented here by
ex-Judge : Puterbaugh, whom he assists
withadvlce in the trial of the case. ! Mr?.
Harding, who is^not htre. being a resi
dent of Italy /'la represented in 'court by
ex-Assemblyman Lewis R.'^ Works and by
her son. Victor Harding, who is also an
attorney' in Illinois, but not admitted in-
California. Both father and son frequent
ly forget. that they are not practltione-s
here and -are . auite often on their ¦ feet
with objections and remarks which have
to be stopped by Judge Conklin with tha
remark that they are not practitioner*
here and must let, their attorneys do their
talking and objecting- to the eourt.
.-.Tha plaintiff, was on the stand for sev
eral hours yesterday in rebuttal. He re
lated in detail some of his dlfferencerf
with Mrs.- Harding, especially the one
brought about by his Investigation of
what Mrs. Harding kept in her private
safe. He said she deceived him by Keep
ing money that he gave her for other ex
penses and in making: bills p-oear larger
than they really were, thus ««-etting addi
tional money from him.
Upon one occasion he telegraphed her
$1000 to Vienna with the request that shj
and the children return home at once.
They returned, but did not use the money
for their fares. They had this charged to
Mr. Harding and he had to pay it a sec
ond time. He asked her repeatedly to
keep account of her expenditures, but she
never would do so. He never refused to
give her money when she asked him for
it. but sometimes he wouhl-tell her not to
be ro extravagant. When he sralned ac
cess- to her.safe he fo,und therein about
$18,000: also detective papers, and pjaper«!
showing thai she was. having dealings
with a Mr. McCoy, who' was Mr.' ; Hard
ing's most bitter enemy. The' knowledge
of this fact, hurt Mr. Hardlne more than
anything else.-. »--.-• ... ,.-'¦¦- ,~... -
He said . that when ii j became evident
that his wife was endeavoring to become
extravagant in her exnendltures he gavo
notice at some of ¦ the 'stores ..tha.f sh-3
should not be given- credit; »The-*50,.i
month he gave her was for her own per
sonal expenses aiid pin monev. and not for
the expenses of the household. After she
left htm he" Invited "and requested -her to
return to- MS home; butane refused .to do
so. She said sh«> had made too many mlj
.takes already. ! Mr. Harding, told his soil.
.Victor, that it.was best^for.-hlm to leave
.the, house,, because it was^ learned that
everything; thrft^ happened 'in the housi
was communicated to the other side.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Millionaire Plaintiff Tells
His Troubles on the
Stand.
HARDING TRIAL
NEARING AN END
Zf^X ANTA ; CLARA j Jan. ; 27.— The ttf
\ fc-^_ v tieth anniversary of , the founding
;,^|of Santa Clara College will be. cel
s *2' . ebrated 1 with : appropriate ceremo
; . , nles on March 19.
: The exercises will begin with a solemn
high -imass , In . St. Claire's* Church. Rev.
Father Freiden, superior of the . JeBUlt
order on the Pacific Coast, will be cele
brant, and other prjests yet to be chosen
• vMUSKOGEE, I.rT.. Jan. ' 27.-Unltcd
States Marshal Bennett.-. with six deputies
and Constable Hubbard."V United. States
Commissioner Sanson andT. W. Gulllck
left to-day for Henrietta, sixty miles dis
tant, where they will join troops sent to
quelr the Creeks. They will go overland
and took a commissary, twenty Winches
ters and plenty of ammunition. Just be
fore the start was made a telephone mes
sage was received from Checotah saying
that the following notice had been posted
there after the Snake Council adjourned
at Hickory town yesterday: . ¦•¦'.•'¦•
Notice! Read! To all present: White cltl
tens and friendly. Creeks should be dealt with
according to the old Creek laws, and not ac
cording to the Creeks and Chief Porter.
Attest: .' • ; LATAH MEKKO.
, EDWARD HARJO, Second Chief.
The Dawes Commission yesterday or
dered a discontinuance of the surveying
in the disturbed district; Mose I#yon. in
charge of a party that arrived here to
day, says that a number of light horsemen
are still ridinj? over the country. They
are heavily armed, but are not doing- any
damage,- confining their efforts to protect
ing the members of the Snake band going
to and from the meetings at Hickory. It
is believed that the worst is. over, but
Marshal has his best deputies
with him and If he encounters trouble
will put up a strong fight. It is his pur
pose to join the sbldiera at Henrietta and
work with them in making arrests of the
leaders of the uprising. < . •¦-.
Just before leaving for'Henrletta, Mar
shal Bennett received a telegra'm from
Holdenvllle saying that members of the
Snake band had thrown an obstruction
across : the railway track eight miles
south of that place, but that it was dis
covered and removed before a train ar
rived. : .-The Deputy -Marshal at Holden
vllle-..was instructed to make a thorough
investigation. --¦¦•; -••-<- v °;
¦OA ./message -.also received by Marshal
TJenmett from Okmulgee. the capital of
the Cr*ek nation, stated that eight horse
men of the Snake band posted a notice on
the Postofflce door there yesterday say
ing the town was the property of the In
dians and all white people would be
driven out. . - ¦: ¦
GUTHRIE, O. T.,,Ian.)27.'-Rpport!re
ceived here at the United States Marshal's
office v eay that the -hoqae of John f Bart
ram.a ranchm&n living sixteen miles west
of Bristow.I.T.. was. burned by belliger
ent Snake Indians la'stnlgHt.' A band~of
thirty Indians, all drunk, made a demon-
Btratlon. Bertram ordered the reds 'away.
This enraged them.^Tbe band rode away,
and Bertram,' fearing violence^ moved bis
family to Brlstow. Later his homo and
all the buildings on the prem!ses-;wef e -m
flames. This was'the first overt act com
mitted by the Creeks. V ' " -'•'¦" >' ¦•,
/.Governor Barnes.to-day received a third
request from. Sheriff Tilghman of Lincoln
¦County for two militia companies. In his
request, Tilghman, who is a. noted United
States Deputy Marshal, says the people
on- the Creek boundary, are alarmed and
that a band of Creeks is roaming over the
country ¦ drunk . and .shooting- promlsou-'
•ously. ..- .-.- ¦"-.¦¦¦*¦ .b-jj -¦-._, j ..'. •, , ¦;¦,•¦--'
SMe Indians Gpl
mit Their First;:
? Overt AC-}
Destroy^ the Dwelling and
¦r- Outbuildings^ oh a -;
• ; :; ¦ 'Rancn.-^' V ; r :
INTOXICATED
REDS APPLY
THE TORCH
THE SAN : FR AKCISCO C AL.1, MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 19O1.
GOLDEN JUBILEE OF FOUNDING
OF SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
Institution's Fiftieth Birthday to Be Ushered In Witx:
* Appropriate Ceremonies.
Interest at the Capital Centers-in the Paris 'Commission
Inquiry That Is to Begin on Tuesday.
LEGISLATORS RETURN FROM
JUNKETS AND HOME VISITS
4
.Why, Shoes and everything else on second and third floors. Every shoe
in the house — several thousand pairs — must bo sold by the 10th prox.
at some price, to make room for large, fine, new stock coming in.
LADIES' SHOES - - - 95 C OTHER BARGAINS.
V These are both this and last year's style. Sun- Little underwear for Infant shelter, doa.. 25e
Ho«. woo.- i,, ..i K,,..«r. n.i,ht >n hrlnz Ladles winter unrterwear. not wool a>c
day wear, lace and button. Oujl)^ to briw E«ra^ st2e» to « r.u« stout 4Oc
11.50. but ko too Blow— heavy strong: button Red <^ black all Rilk ribbon, wide., flCIc
shoes, 2 to 6. worth 12.00. ko at same price. This 4 \u lCc game*, closing /...,.... <>,"»«•
means »ell 'em out In a day or two. Knvelopea. full fount, white, box :««
Saxony yam. colors. 15o kind T^e
IMCAMTQ' QUHFQ - - - 20 C ritlfrs - colors. 2 or 4 fold SHe
InlrAIMIO OMUtO u Pays-books. 5c kind. 12 for OT»©
.These are the regular little soft soles, closing %\M and $1.50 drerswl dolls T.%c
nut >i 35«- Too eet the regular 50c Infant shoe, wool stockings, la.ii-s" or child's 25«s
«d^nlm.tS tie,. C *»«>. «tandard aua.lty. 7c value ,»5c
Misses' shoes, kid. j stylish. •• : j£ TUIPn CI f\C\Q
Girls' shoes, sixes 10 to 11V4......... - •••••• ; £j c iHInU rLUUK.
Sprlnp heel .how 3. 4. 5......^.... -.^^ •} Coif cars, men's or beys' 13o
Low shoes and slippers, closing.. .....Oc- up Wall paper a £ y quantt y ty> douD i e o- c
Men's hlRh-frade boots, closing......^—«»^» up Men's heavy winter undershirts 23c
Men's brogans. tafe wearers .$1-»O. $_. OO Comforts, heavy and well made 5 1 .00
Shoe soles Insoles, all sizes O."?c Woo! blankets. California, lft lbs. full... .$7-10
¦r-mh^ wool soles all sizes...- .--ISc to2Se *^»™ lull width curtains, yard....... ' «>.-,c
Lamb s wool soles, an « Men's every-day shirts, b!jr sellers.. 3T»C!
Sole leather heel taps. pair..... ...u.ic up Men>t CifSSlm^ gults 7, e veral styles S5.W>
Sole leather top soles, pair n»c u tt > boys' ra««lmcr» suits, choice.: Sl'.UO
Boys' boots, everyday wear. 1 to 4.. .$l.oD Men's Fedora hau, black or brown 91.1m
ARE YOU INTERESTED in Stocking Up Anv Department of
the Big Department Store ?
Room on fourth, fifth nr sixth floor? far f^@W i^^ Ps t% * Jij VgT^V
llpht manufacturing, for wholesale or re- \2|#a 1^/3 £W S Tfi< >j*A
tall merchandising, for printer, book- 1 Tt"fl 3 I * ii^" *v *•' r\ $7
binder. Jeweler or other work, or for stor- B f .im B )£¦ ca
age. Rent nominal. Also dining-room on --^ -_> -^ _' • "__ ___ '_ --I--* __•
sixth floor doinff « profitable business. fC'/^^E^ {?$ © W
No capital required. Energy. Industry H*^ HI vP r<5JJH[H^
and Integrity sure, to win, If coupled with 25-27 Mariet Si , Sin Pranoia03, CftL
experience in the buainesa. P. c.'GREAT FUN; AT THE ALHAMBRA
IN "SHOOTING THE CHUTES."
REV. H. H. BELli.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 27. — Chairman
Rutherford "and •' other' members of the
Assembly Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds arrived from Sacramento to
day.: * To-morrow ' they will make an In
spection of the State Normal School in
this city. From here • they . will- go to
Highlands to look over the asylum there.
Will . Inspect Normal School.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— The Sun has this
from London: The Dally News asserts
that the pallbearers in the London pro
cession, will be the Kaiser, tho-Czar, the
Kings of Belgium. "Portugal and Greece
and the Crown Princes of Greece,. Den
mark and Sweden. " ">
Represented at Funeral.
European Royalty Will Be Fully
SAN DIEGCv Jan. 27.— A special
memorial service for Queen Victoria was
held this evening at St. Paul's Church,
which was crowded with the people of
San Diego. Rev. H. B. Restarick. the
rector of the church, was in charge of the
services, which were largely musical.
The rector's talk was of the personal
character of the dead sovereign and of
the goodness of her reign. The service
was but little out of the usual order, In
that Casslus Carter and Eugene Daney
were called on for short addresses. The
former spoke - as a native, of America,
born. during the time of the reign of the
good' Queen across the water, and the
latter as a native of France. No attempt
had been made to drape the church with
the exception of a black ° ribbon at . the
lecturn.
CZAR TO BE PALLBEARER.
cial Service at San Diego.
Rev. H. 23. Bestarick Conducts Spe-
IN MEMORY OF ~ THE QUEEN.
BERLIN. Jan. • 27.— Most of . the ; Berlin
papers, as well as those throughout :th-s
empire, utter: a .few- words- of eloquent
eulogy of Emperor William on the oc
casion -of his birthday. On -many build
ings,' however, the flags are at half-mast
in tribute to Queen Victoria: - ¦
The Nbrd Deutsche Allegemetne Zeltung
pays: "Congratulations to the Emperor
will be all the more deeply ¦ felt by him
since he and the Crown Prince, are absent
from the country and: im mourning for
England's Queen." ,_....,
CONGBATULATE > THE KAISEE.
German Press Prints Eulogies on
Occasion of His Birthday.
REV. WILLIAM -RADER, pastor
of .. the : Third . Congregational
Church, spoke In no uncertain
terms yesterday when ;he In
formed hi* congregation of the proposed
attempt to 'reopen the Jngleslde race
track. In part he said: . . .'
"The proposed attempt to reopen' the
Ingleslde racetrack Is a blow to public
sentiment and an effort to unlock the
Kates of vice In this city. My • position
stated ' frankly on this whole question
now before the people of this city and
of California ,1s this:7'I am opppsed; tp
the reopening of Ingleelde on any condi
tions, for any reasons or for any length
of time. sThe-llat of disasters in the
life of our people is sufficient to keep,
the gates forever locked. I am opposed
to the measure presented to the Legis
lature by my, friend Belshaw, and hope
this adroit compromise will be defeated.
' "I am opposed to the Emeryville rac
ing, because It 1b only Ingleside - moved
into a community with. less conscience
than ls found In San Francisco." If
there is a movement to concentrate, the/
racing business in . Emery villc by keep
,lng it out.ot S^n Mateo and Han Fran
•clsco, i then «¦ the people should know or
It. If His; right to oppose Ingleslde
and the Belshaw bill 'It Is right to'op
pose Emeryville. • s .It : ; has been stated
repeatedly that The. Call la attempting
-to defeat the proposition to reopen Ingle
. side in order, to monoixrilze .' the . evil
across ; the ' bay. . It', remains' " for"The
Call to' vindicate Itself of these charges,
"for; its own", sake, and in Justice to. the.
public: opinion to which It" appeals. I
-favor a •uniform law." without a' string
, to It, which;, will '. prohibit; bookmaklng
: and poolroom's : In the State. ..Law can
not , stop. . legitimate contests between
horse*, neither can ¦ it prohibit private
betting between individuals, but it' can
protect the public -against- the evil of
gambling , as . a -public* Institution, men- ,
acing the happiness and destroying the
lives of women and men who" are drawn
Into th« maelstrom . of, dissipation and
death." ' ;."*'' :'.'.' ;
COUBT OF QUEEN ALEXANDRA.
Three v Ladies Who ".Will .Receive
/•¦'' Prominent Positions.'
Special Cable to The Calf and -New' York Her
ald. Copyright. 1901. -by ..the Herald Pub
"Ushlnc; Company. '
, LONpON, Jan. s 2S.— I : yesterday met a
fashionable larly • whose ..mind,, was very
much occupied . with the future - composi
tion of the court- of- the > Queen:,: She said
that* she -had heard that the 'following
three ladles had -already -been chosen for
prominent' positions: Lady .Grey, who is
too I well . known :< to • need- any . description
and". who'certainly would make a most
striking figure In any court ceremony; the
Countess of Mar.'and-KelUe,' a very beau
tiful—woman, and. In fact, one of the
great" beauties ! of London, who was Lad/
Susan Violet Ashley, and' the Duchess of
Devohsh*<e, ,who. she opined. ; would add
much to the liveliness and intelligence of
th« court. . •", ..^r>
IN ! HIS sermon at ; the First '.United ¦
Presbyterian Church, .Golden Gate .
avenue and Polk street, ¦ yesterday
. morning. Rev. H. H.* Bell, the pas- -
tor.' took occasion to refer to the at
tempt to reopen- the Ingl<eslde "track,
and the evils attendant thereon. In part
he said: •' •
. '.'Although I .have been, away, from
my charge during the past' ten days,
I, have : not' been unmindful of current
events.' This proposal to reopen. a race- j
track contiguous to 'such a metropolis
as this, with, all Its attendant, evils,
should be nipped in the bud. I am pre
pared, to raise, my -voice and': hand
against this great iniquity, and stand
for right. Justice and the ' home! When '
this, matter came up one*' before. I '.
spoke .in no uncertain tones upon the '
proposition, and. am prepared 'to' do so
again. .„ Incleslde with Its . evils must
be suppressed.' ; It Is closed now, there
fore iio not let ,us give countenance to
a. repetition of < the ' evils that have ao
far been suppressed." . > , <> - ¦
RET. WILLIAM RADER..
REV.-W. E. DUG AN.
Continued From Third Page.
THOUSANDS VOICE PROTEST AGAINST TRACK GAMBLING
nery's famous drama. It Is the come
diaji's first appearance ' here for man:
jears. .
• • ' •
To-night the Alcazar company will be
peen In, "All the Comforts of. a Home,"
"William Gillette's laughable comedy.
This i3 the third and final week of
Lockhart's "baby elephant" show at the
Orpheum, one of the cleverest, oddest,
most amusln? animal entertainments to
be seen on any stage. All the children
In town should see -these wonderful
beasts." The nine Nelsons, Hacker and
Lester, Foy and Clark, Learner Sisters,
Lizzie and Vine Daly, Montmartrlon
trio. - Warren and Blanchard and Swl
gette and Clark are other performers on
the week's excellent bill.
Fischer's, menu for the week includes
among new names Nero. France% Harding
and the Fairbanks brothers.- Hanlon and
Singer. Ida Howell, Waterman sisters, Al
ma Wuthrick; Hal Conlett, Ahern and
Patrick are on the list of holdovers.
Querita Vincent, V Mabel "Hudson," the
Morrises and Annette George are at the
Olympla. j . ¦ ¦ .
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day incTvfUs Esmeralda, musical queen;
Bert Sevor. monologist; William de Boe.
the upside down man; the Alcedos. sketch
artists; Oro Bernard, in a laughable Chi
nese act; Mile, Alcedo, globe walker, and
new. moving pictures.
THET are "Shooting the Chutes'*
with Murray and Mack and a
clever company up at the Alham
bra Theater this week, which
seems to be getting a large ehare
of farce-comedy this season. The new
Murray and Mack vaudeville-comedy
farce fancy is of quite the usual order,
with an occasional v gllmpse of a plot.
"Shooting the Chutes" ls, however,
like the rest of its kind, a more
or less plausible excuse for the song
and dance specialties, and ls well pro
vided for in this respect.^ The five
Rosaires, pretty English girls.'glveV clev
er "drum and bugle drill," Ed Jolly repre
sents the ragtime . Interest, Miss
Kitty Beck does the Mary Mar
ble act with a . dance I thrown
In, George Betts has-, a fetching
song, but the Murray and Mack edition
of a boxing match is worth the whole
price of admission. It ls clever no end. a
gorgeously funny arrangement In pugilism
and brought down, the sympathetic house.
Murray has the part of manager of the
Highflyer Opera Company, and succeeds!
In getting much fun out of the role. Mack
does a New York milkman on a summer
vacation, and ably seconds his partner in
the fun-making concern. Mona Carring
ton looks pretty and plays her small part
for all It is worth, and Katherine Roberts
does an excellent character sketch as the
German cook of a summer hotel, labeled
shal. I would beg, sire, that I may be ;
allowed to offer, on behalf of myself and
the army I have the honor to command,
cur most heartfelt and respectful con
gratulations \:pon this mark of our sov
ereign's affection and appreciation of your
Majesty's preat and soldierly qualities.
"All ranks will be very proud to think
that your Majesty will henceforth be even
more closely associated with them than
heretofore, and will feel that the army
is highly honored by your Majesty'* name
being enrolled among the field marshals
of Great Britain."
At 11 o'clock to-morrow morning, in tha
presence of Emperor William and the
members of the British royal family. King
Sdvard will confer upon Crown Prince
Frederick William the Order of the Gar
- The Hohenzollern will take part In the
r.aval display at Splthead. The Emperor
will accompany the King to London and
Windsor and will return to Germany Im
mediately after the funeral.
MEMORIAL SESVICES HELD.
Great Britain.
Queen's Memory Honored Throughout
LONDON. Jan, 2S.— Throughout the
kingdom yesterday all places of worship
held services in memory of Queen Victo
ria. At St. Paul's Cathedral there was
an unusual scene. Before 9 o'clock In the
morning en immense crowd, wholly at
tired in black, streamed from all direc
tions to the vast edirtce, and by 10 o'clock
It was packed. Thousands unable to ob
tafn admission stood vainly waiting on the
Fteps and around, listening to the low or
pan strains and muffled peal. The service
began at 10:30. The Most Rev. Frederick
Temple, primate and Archbishop of Can
«•-¦¦ bury, preached a touching sermon.
4 1 here was a similar scene at Westmin-
V r Abbey, where all the services
throughout the day were attended by
enormous congregations. The Jarge as
fmblage In the chapel royal at St. James'
I'Hlar*. included Princess Freaerick of
Hanover. Princess Frances of Teck, a
host of titled i>ersons, many members of
the Cabinet and other distinguished per
tOIiF.
All the Roman Catholic and foreign
churches in England held special memo
rial services. The members of the French
«-mbafsy attended the French church.
ElalKjrate services were held in the chapel
of the Russian embassy by command of
Emperor Nicholas.
Everywhere particular attention was
paid to the musical portion of the ser
vices. At Lincoln's Inn Chapel Brahru's
"Requiem" was performed.
The venerable William McDonald Sin
clair Archdeacon of London and Canony
of St. Paul's Cathedral, rreached a com
memorative discourse at Canterbury Cath
edral.
Special sermons' were preached In St.
George's Chapel at Windsor. Everywhere
cathedrals and churches were draped and
hung with mourning emblems. Telegrams
from the colonies and from all the princi
ral cities abroad where British subjects
reside report memorial services. Sir AJ
fred Milner attended the service at the
cathedral in Cape Town.
TURKS HONOR THE KAISEB.
Dedicate a Fountain Presented by th.e
German War Lord.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 27.— The spe
cial service held in the German church at
Constantinople in honor of the anniver
f ry of the birth of Emperor William
» as followed by the dedication In Hip
podrome square of the fountain presented
by the Kaiser, the ceremony taking place
in the presence of vh«j members of the
f>rmsn embassy. Tewflk Pasha, Ottoman
Minister of Foreign Affairs, other mem
l.ers of the Turkish Ca'blnet and many
high officials of the Government, as well
a? deputations from the German training
ehip Moltke and the German station ship
Turkish troops -were massed around the
nquar*' and there was a long concouree
«f spectators. The ceremony was lm
j>oj*lnc:.
Abdul Hamld sent two stiver ewers to
be filled with water and sealed, one for
E.rr.peror William and the other for him
pelf. '
SYMPATHIZED WITH DBEYFUS.
Queen Victoria Referred to Him as
"That Poor Martyr."
Sppclal Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Pub
llshlne Company.
GENEVA. Jen. 27.— The Journal La
Buisse de Geneve publishes the following
erticle relative to Queen Victoria and the
Dreyfus affair:
"To mention only one Instance of the
Queen's deep f*nse of Justice. I WllJ con
tmt myself with recalling the attitude
taken by the sovereign during the years of
the terrible affair. $&&&&?&%
"From the outset phe had eapoused the
r aune of the Innocent man, whom she~de
pcrlbed by the charming expression 'the
Jwst.* The smallest details of the heart
rf^.tfing drama were faithfully recounted
x \ fc er, and often In private conversation
James M. Ward, the popular Irish co
median, will make his first appearance
to-night at Belasco & Thall's Central
Theater- In "A Celebrated Case," D'En-
"The Fencing Master" at the Tivoli be
gins to-night its second week, and the
numerous attractions of the pretty opera
— the fencing chorus, the odd and dainty
clown ballet, the' Juliet burlesque. Maude
Williams' , clever colbratlve songs, the
Webb arid Martman comedy' efforts and
Tom Greene's solos— are all new in excel-,
lent shape. "The Fencing Master" wnl
run for the week and will be followed by
yet another "Nell Gwynne."
The important dramatic attraction of
the week is Mrs. Fiske in "Becky 8harp"
at the California . Theater. The , play is
now in its second week, and the Interest
in play and player shows no sign of wan
inn. "Tess of. the d'Urbervilles." a dram
atization of Hardy's great' nov«l, • will
follow. In Tess Mrs.. Fiske will be heard
and seen in a character study almost at
opposite poles from that of the vivacious
Becky Sharp, and It is understood that
the versatile actress is equally at home
in both roles. Seats for Tess will be on
sale on .Thursday morning next.
Katarlna Katzenjammer. Kittle Beck ls
a tiny soubrette, feather-footed,, and
with a small voice of her own. Albert
Maher does good . work as Doollttle
Wright and M. J. Garrick and Leo Hard
man take care of the parts of the hotel
keeper and minister.
THE ROSARIES, FIVE ENGLISH GIRLS WHO HAVE A CLEVER SPECIALTY IN "SHOOTING THE CHUTES" AT
THE ALHAMBRA THIS WEEK. MURRAY AND MACK, THE COMEDIANS, ARE AS FUNNT AS EVERAND
WERE GREETED WARMLT LAST NIGHT. f
LONDON. Jan. 21— All of the morning
papers comment with keen satisfaction
upon the exchange of courtesies between
King Edward and Emperor William and
the telegraphic correspondence between
the Kafser and Lord Salisbury and Lor.l
Roberts, pointing out that all this will
bind more firmly the Anglo-German
friendship. -C-'->«
"History ls being made with lightnlne
speed In these days," Bays the Daily Tel
egraph—"days crowded with majestic and
epoch-making incidents which can never
cease to impress the imagination of the
world and perhaps to affect Its fortunes
Throughout this rapid process of trans
forming events It is still the German Em
peror 1 ? sojourn amon* us which most Im
pressed the nation. There is not a single
Briton but cherishes the hope- and the
confidence that the close end moving con
tact into which the Emperor and the Brit
ish people have been brought will result
In the absolute removal of a great mis
understanding." . j - .:
France Sends a Cruiser.
PARIS. Jan. 27. — The Minister of Marine
has ordered the cruiser Dupuyde Lome
to represent France at the naval assem
blage off Spit head on the occasion of the
removal x «r Queen Victoria's body from
Osborne to Portsmouth next Friday.'*
London Press Continues Its Adula
tion of William.
PRAISE FOB THE KAISER.
Victoria's Explicit Instructions Will
Be Followed.
j COWES, Jan. 27.— The programme for
naval display at Splthead has not
yet been prepared, but It Is now under
stood that the Briti3h fleet will extend
in a single line following the north side
of the channel from Cowes to Spithead
and thence to Portsmouth, while the for
eign warships will follow a corresponding
line on the south side.
,'' ls , believed that tho body of Queen
Victoria will be removed from Osborne at
3 o clock on r riday afternoon and will be
conveyed on board the Alberta, escorted
by eight torpedo boats and followed by
alUthe royal yacht3 and probably the
Ji 0h S?J°H en J ; T u he bOlly "M remain on
the Alberta for the night and will be tak
en to L>ondon on Saturday morning
It Is understood that the Queen left the
most detailed Instructions regarding the
disposal of. her body and the attendant
ceremonies. She is said to have expressed
a wish that Chopin's and Mendelssohn's
funeral marches should be performed in
preference to the "Dead March in Saul."
PLANS FOE THE FTTNEBAL.
Bitter Arraignment From a Methodist
Pulpit in Boston.
BOSTON. Mass.. Jan. 27.— King Edward
VII, the new ruler of England, was fierce
ly assailed in his private character to
night by the Rev. Franklin E. Hamilton,
pastor of the First Methodist Church, on
Temple street. The congregation, which
Is one of the wealthiest In that denomi
nation here, was all the more surprised
from the fact that the attack v.-as made
in comparing the character of the King
with that of his dead mother. In the
course of his criticism Dr. Hamilton Bald:
It seems to me that the supreme lesson of the
life of Queen Victoria is this, that a truly royal
life has never been made to by a throne. She
made the blood-stained throne of England
truly royal because ehe passed her white life
upon it. How forcibly this truth is brought
home to us to-nlcht by the contrast between
the Queen and her successor, the present King-
Edward. Unless he changes his manner ot
living; completely not all the purple and gold
In Windsor and Buckingham palaces, not even
the ancient seat of kings, Westminster itself,
can hallow with true royalty that life which,
throu&h all years, has been that of a cheat.
rambler and libertine; and I say to you to
night it Is a travesty upon the Intelligence and
sanity of the English people that a man whose
life record ha* been such can be Inducted joy- v
ously. with the sycophantic applause of a
Christian nation, into the thrice hallowed and
sacred place of his Godly mother.
It Is the glory of Queen Victoria that is was
not the royalty of the throne, received from
crazy and dlFslpated predecessors, that ' made
her a great Queen, but the graclousness and
rlghteotianess of a Christ-like soul, and it la
for that reason that all this erase of tasselated
heraldy and pomp of human flattery fails to
nlcht.
DENOUNCES KING EDWARD.
the ppoke -with tears In her eyes of the
FufTerlngrs of the victims, for she felt as
much attachment as admiration for the
whole Dreyfus family.
"Few people know that during the
Rennes trial she had instructed her Em
bassador to keep her informed of the re
sults of each session. "When, causing an
guish shared by all her entuorage. the
monstrous verdict became, known to her
she had the following dispatch sent off:
" "Thanks for your telegram giving find-
Ing against that poor martyr. I hope he
will appeal against that fearful sentence.
(Signed) *V. R. I. 1
"Thereupon she withdrew into her pri
vate apartments and passed the greater
part of the evening in prayer for 'the just
man' and his admirable helpmate.
"Among the great ones of this earth
there is not one who had a doubt of Drey
fus' innocence, yet there was no other
who dared so openly and frankly to dis
play sympathy for the victim of the crime
of 1S34."
teller of the ZIon City Bank, the private
financial institution established by John
Alexander Dowle four years ago, has dis
appeared. His father, who was cashier of
the bank, is of the belief that his son has
been kidnaped and Is i held for ransom,
•which belief is shared by other members
of the church. The police think it more
probable that young Barnard has been
held up by robbers and murdered. His
accounts are in perfect order.
* Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— Arthur F. Barnard.
appears From His Home in
Arthur F. Barnard Mysteriously Dis-
BJLNX CASHIEB MAY
HAVE BEEN UuHDEBED
The retirement of Admiral Kautz leaves
W. S. Schley as the oldest rear admiral
on the. list. He is to he retired on Octo
ber next and Rear "Admiral W. T. Samp
son will follow him on the retired list in
just four months*.
Admiral Casey arrived last night, hav
ing come through from Philadelphia,
where he was relieved from the command
of the Philadelphia Navy-yard only a
week previous. The admiral's flag is to
remain on the battleship -. Iowa for the
time being and on Friday or*Saturday It
is expected that Admiral Casey will start
north to Puget Sound,- where the big war
vessel is to be docked at Bremerton for
a cleaning.
Admiral Kautz and his wife have been
rather partial to Coronado as a home for
some time and will remain here for the
present. The ceremonies of turning over
the command to the new rear admiral
will be 'simply according to naval regula
tions. . , .
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 27.— Rear Admiral
Silas Casey will relieve Admiral Albert
Kautz In command of the Pacific squad
ron to-morrow and on the following
day the latter is to be retired because of
the age limit under the law.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Rtar Admiral Casey to
Command the Pacific
Sqiadron. \ .
WILL RELIEVE
ADMIRAL KAUTZ
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— The week bl
the House Is likely to be monopolized by
appropriation bills. Seven of the four
teen appropriation bills have already
passed the House, namely, the executive,
legislative and judicial, pension, military
academy, Indian, naval, river and harbor
and District -of Columbia bills. Three
others, the postofflce, agricultural an!
fortifications bills have been reported t<>
the House, and the remaining four, the
army, consular and diplomatic, sundry
civil and general deficiency, are still In
the hands of the committees having them
in charge. The ' three reported to tha
House and the consular and diplomatic,
which Is practically completed, probably
will be disposed of during the week.
Whatever time remains will be occupied
with the bill to promote the efficiency. of
the • revenue cutter service, which has
been made a continuing special order, not.
however, to Interfere with appropriation
bills. The postofflce appropriation bill 13
likely to be made ihe occasion much
debate. All the questions raised by the
report of the joint postal commission are
likely to be dragged Into the arena. An
effort \ undoubtedly- will "be" made to
continue the appropriation for pneu
matic tubft service which was elim
inated from the bill. " and • there
wilt probably be the usual fight tn tin
appropriations for special mall facllftle*.
It may be that in the course of the .week
a special rule will be brought in for the
consideration of one of the gold bills re
porteB by the ' Coinage," Weights . and
Measures and Banking and Currency
committees, both of. which are struggling
for ' precedence in connection with thL»
legislation. But the Committee on Rules,
to which the committees appealed yester
day, has not yet come to any conclusion
and the gold bill's place in the week's pro
gramme remains problematical.
House Will Develop a Contest O^er
Postal Bill.
WTXIi CAUSE MUCH DEBATE.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— A variety of
subjects. Including appropriation bills, the
war revenue reduction bill, the ship sub
sidy bill and.- to some extent, the Phil
ippine question, will claim the attention
of the Senate during the coming week.
On Monday Senator Towne will speak on
the problems involved in the government
of the Philippines. There Is .somewhat
more than usual interest in this speech,
not only because of Towne's reputation
as an orator and the fact that it will be
the only speech in the Senate upon thj
political subject, but because of increased
interest in the Philippine question,
aroused by the President's request of th^
Senate for early Tfkiwlation on this sub
ject. If does not appear probable that
the Minnesota Senator's speech will call
out other speeches immediately upon the
subject, because even Senators who would
like to see legislation during this session
admit the impossibility of taking 1 up th<»
matter seriously until the report of ths
Taf t Commission can be printed. r or .so
Ions as there are other pressing ques
tions before the Senate. Still, straggling
references to the subject are not improb
able at any time during the remainder of
the session.
- Senator Aldrich. chairman of the Fi
nance Committee, has given notice that
he will ask the Senate to take up the war
revenue bill early In the week. Th« un
derstanding is that they will press the
question to the - exclusion of ell other
bills except appropriation bills. Being a
revenue measure it will take precedence
of other questions under the Senate rules.
'While there 'is no real oiiposltion to the
war revenue bill, it appears probable that
there will be some discussion of It as an
easy means of delaying consideration of
the subsidy bill. .If there is opportunity
the subsidy bill will be taken up, but ft
is not expected that anything more detl
nite will occur in this connection during
the ¦¦ present week than the makine of
speeches. The Indian appropriation bill
will continue to receive attention Monday
after the conclusion oi Towne's speech.
War Bevenue Reduction Bill and the
Ship* Subsidy Measure Also to
Receive Attention Dur
ing the Week.
Senate Will Discuss Ques
tions Relative to the.
Islands.
TOWNE TO SPEAK
OK PHILIPPINES
Continued From First Page.
His mother said: "We had no idea that
Andrew was goinp to file the petition
until after it was done. His trouble with
his heart is the real reason why he has
never taken up any business and why he
has lived such an unsettled life. He has
made some friends that were not the best
in the world for him. What his father
will do as to these dtbts I don't know.'
Younc Mr. Brown used to lire at the
rcew York Athletic Club. Recently he
has made his home in San Francisco.
Several months ago he was arrested at
the Palace Hotel there on a telegraphic
request from New York, accused of the
larcenv of some jewelry he had got from
a New York firm. His father came to his
rescue, paid the bill and the case was dis
missed. Most of his -present debts are in
this city.
GIVES SWORD TO KAISER.
Mr. Brown has found It Impossible to
Ftrupgrle alcng on an allowance of $250 a
month. His friends say that it is heart
trouble, which Is extremely pronounced,
that has caused his unsettled disposition.
i:': is the son of Lyman Brown of 159
fv'est Fifty-seventh street, and Is 26 years
eld. He is described as one of the hand-
Fimcst men who have ever frequented
the amusement resorts of the metropolis.
The young man has taken life easily and
pleasantly. Bright eyes have a way of
bfaminp on him with favor, and when
circumstances demanded that he should
raise funds In addition to what his father
allowed him. men friends easily fell under
his si>e!l and advanced him cash. One
man who. it is said, loaned him large
nmounts. said to-day:
"Brown is one of the most winsome
chaps I ever saw, but he simply can't
help being extravagant. He has been ac
customed to spend $.VK> or $<KK>. a month,
r.o matter what his allowance was. More
than once his father has paid up his
debts. Women always liked him and he
nover hesitated to make purchases in
lhrir behalf."
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.-Plenty of friends,
fondness for a "good time." a winsome
smile a^d a. weak heart are all mentioned
by Ills old associates as causes leading to
the petition in bankruptcy which Andrew
\V. Brown, a son of the wealthy New
York medicine dealer and club member.
has just tiled in San Francisco. He has
scheduled $8016 52 of liabilities and no as
sets.
Special Olppatch to Tbe Call
Plenty of Friends, Fondness for a
Good Time and a Weak Heart
Result in Bank- v
ruptcy.
Andrew Brown Borrowed
Money That He Is
Unable to Pay.
WINSOME WAYS
CAUSE HIS RUIN
EDDY ATTEMPTS
TO SIGNAL MARS
Air Sprites Toy With the
Inventor's Soven-Poot
Kites.
Electric Sparks Descend at Intervals
With the Bythmic Regularity
of Telegraphic % Commu
nicatton.
NT2W YORK, Jan. 27.-Willlam A. Ed
dy's seven-foot kites had reached an alti
tude of about one thousand feet In Bay
onne, IS. J., last night when the wire be
came charged with atmospheric electric
ity from the upper air. A silk cord eight
Inches long separated two small paivan
lzed iron rings, the wire from one ring
reaching to the upper air and from tho
other to the earth. Sparks automatically
jumped the gap at ofie-second Intervals,
as timed by the natch. At Intervals ot
nine and twelw «econdi the tr~arks hesi
tated and dropped a. second dunne tna
counts. Otherwise the sparks passed with
exact regularity, like the bea-ting of a pen
dulum. In five minutes the wire became
silent. ' /¦'";¦'! , ,,
This silence became absolutely inexplic
able since the conditions of sky. wind
and kite elevation were without percepti
ble chance. Then the aparks came again
and were" counted, now ami then in group.*
of three or four, followed by a silent wi»-e
for from three to ten minutes.
Mr Eddy believes that the chance that
this ' spark regularity was intelligently
signaled from Mars is somewhat remote.
He thinks that signals could only coma
from an automatic machine on another
planet sending out electric signals decade
after decade and century after century—
a continuous machine running day and
nisht all the year round.
At 8 o'clock Mr. Eddy broke the gTOtmd
contact and reunited it at four one-second
intervals, followed bv an interval of four
seconds, but no intelligible reply was re
ceived from the upper air. ¦
- FpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1901.
"Beeky Sharp" at the California and "The Fencing Mas^
ter" at the Tivoli Begin Their Second Week.
• «
RACETRACK
A HELL HOLE
IS OPPOSED
TO GAMBLING
RACETRACK
IS INIQUITOUS
' »N A PRELUDE to his sermon last
' I evening:, .Rev.. W. .E. Dugan, pastor
' J[ of the Stewart Memorial Church,
' discussing the scheme to reopen the
' racetrack, said in part:
' !'I could .'draw many a dark picture
1 of the effects of that notorious track.
' It Is a veritable hell hole for'swallow
' ingr up not only money but virtue and
. manhood. Aa I stand on the verge of
. that pit I hear the echo and re-echo of
. hundreds of ruined lives... On the day
¦ that track In opened. If opened, the
. blackest cloud that ever swung. itself
. over our city will hans above to pour
• forth torrents of villainy.- • We will be'
. furnished with such a downpour of evil'
• and filth that our moral sewers will be
• clogged, and the surging whirlpool will
> wash away the foundations of honest
• commerce. There will be such a shower
• of - venom fresh from the fang of the
• old serpent that our streets will become
• polluted cutters full of . dead . . men's
. bones, and these same polluted streams,'
. in their purging:, maddening fury, •will
i toss 'the- young and promising.' within
• : the walls of Jails * and-', penitentiaries
• with as much' heartless fury- as .the
• waves - of, the ocean toss driftwood
• against a rock." ,.'
5
To Prevent tb,© Crrlp
Laxative Bromo-Qolnln* removes the causa. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
telep:-* ons |M tt "F? TKj|
222-224 SUTTER ST.
. The increase in the sale of "RI-
ENZI" Beer is far beyond" our ex-
pectations. It makes new friends
daily. Send us a trial order at spe-
cial price (see below).
SPEC!AL"RE0UGT10NS
MONDAY- -TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
Bear, "Rlenzl" E Kf $2.10
Brewed In Roch«»- J>*. UMf|9C
¦ ter. N. Y.. of th» do* pts V'-Jw
finest imported bops.
Pearl Barley /K 7 lbs 25c
' t Our best quality.
.Sosfety Ta* ?& Ib 60c
A blend of Ootonj character, coinpcw^
- • of the moot frasrant teas. Sampla
racka ~e 10c.
CSdsr Yiasgar $&• gallon 2Sc
H*r wH*. -Witch Hrzel \
qt battle. pint bottle. ?4-plnt bottl*.
• 4Oe 2.-.C 15c
TomitO3v.&Vb?& 3 tans 25c
Full packed. We Kuarantee every can.- "
String Beans, "& parcan^c
'Strtngless.' Al quality. Reg. 13c.
Mararon! . v sS&£,u or Uox 25c
' Regularly J5c.
Drjed prhofs 2-h cartan 35c
Extra large and fancy. Reg. 50c. :
Mince veit foil pt Jar 25c> 1 40c
I*. I*. JtCa's home mad« of the pur-
est and freshest ingredients- Regularly
pints 30c. quarts 50c.
C2n!fles?£- :§;§; Ib 35c
Pure - Beeswax, for altar purposes.
Far Surpasses g
; But er, Lard and Compounds. j$
j ' - ¦ ._' 1!
¦ Does *3
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for 19
Shortening and Frying, g
GaarantesJ r:e from Animal %
™ Mvtpr. d
¦ H The Finest
j_& Saratoga Chips «
i are fried M $
. am V^ 1 a_» a. • m
; t Ask Your Grocer or Write. ' |
i| India Refining Co., 2
I Philadelphia. |
*^**wftirar»iMiMrgi - *r"i Jt #-r' jq! ~'-"* J * ¦~ r^ j '' JT;> "
§VI\I, VIGOR, V1TALI TY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
bave been In us* over - fifty
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th«
. -worst cases In old and yourue
arising from effects of self-
- abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clgarettr-smoklcg. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impofncy. Loac
Power. Ntxht Loests, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lam* Bac*.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, -r» Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops N« *3 §B rvons Twitching;
of Eyelids. Effects p^. £?— » r • Immediate.
Impart vigor and CBB7S potency to «v«ry
function. Don't get despondent; a cnr« la at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; SOo a
box- « for %2 SO by mail. A ¦written guarantee to>
cure or money refunded -with * boxes. Circulars
free. Addr»«» BISHOP REMEDY CO.. « Ellis
St.. San Francisco. CaL. GRANT DRUO CO..
it and 40 Third st.
•tii i AP These hotels pos-
I A LA lit sess th ? attributes
1 "J" " W that tourists and
9 0 II travelers appreciate
0»« —central location,
PDA MR liberal manaKc-
URrtllU ment. modern ap-
|]nT«"l 0 pointmeats and
HUltLV r m r e£n.adE°,r.
S3H FrailC^SCO. ropean plans. .:':
*^£&** PAINLESS
Jj&^$^*^)?>^ EXTRACTION
/^^^§^^^^^^S>> Our $5.00 Plats*
f||fwf§^ DR.rt!L. 8 W*LSll
"¦-¦- *^ tlo-*i GEART STREET
. Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Pork 11B. • '¦
yK^^S^SaS 4 Mfcflrta Off pH^^^^^DSR
C3 Bl B Iff B*JO p9 Kft*J B4 a ¦ff* tm
f2 ¦? J3 < tf' >¦ '.I B9 uu<J %j n £jf3
BS . w M a mjaSA pin . 81 «*c JtB
ILmJ^L S^ntCD^SECf^FV^^BC^Bn^HBani
DR. MEYERS &C0. jffill&
Specialists, Dlseasa T5S&£
and ' weakness of iSsBa
men. Established H*/ "£-£k&&$\
1881. Consultation WJ* 'XSp'^c'
and prlvat* book \3ij. XaA •
free, at office or by nlsV
mall. Cures guar- V&fl \£t*v^
anteed. 7»1 ilar- NSEtfEratf
ket stra«t JL^*5*S^Sy
entrance). San j^^a^J^^^^^v.
Jvisit OR JORDAN'S omcat
IfiUSEUS OF flFiSTOMY
I 1 £fe i;n fcr.mcr sr. t»t e^ra. ar .cat.
CS ThaLar^eMAaatoBicatMiiMnaifaitkc
I ' Wend. HoiHiut or any contracted
S> M22hA\ SpecuiUtcaUk. Couc \ Ew. 36 <r«*n.
£ fl***4 KLJCTS^-FUrtATE DISEASES
\ ffej^Sl CoaiBluricn «rc» tnd ttrktlv prSata.
9 A iSwL m unwin p«rton«:iy et by IMtot. A
T 8 / \|8 AMm Anla nnruMiwIiRilm.
(Ira iff* b.v>k.PHII.O«eP«ir«« i
. w ¦ a i 1 * KAunucK. kailas pass. I A
, A Q Ij, ' - ttmhxlil* book tot mrm J
7 CM JORDAN A CO.. 1041 Marfeet 8t..S. F.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For : the cure of GOXOHRHOBA. ; GLEET3.
STRICTURES and analogous complaint* of Um
, Organs ot Generation.
. Price n a bottle. For «al» by drnrrl«t>.
' BAD WAI'S BEAD'S BEL1KT ha* atood
1 unrivaled before the public for CO year* as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relterea and quickly
' cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influensa, Bron-
. chitls. Pneumonia, - Rheumatism. I Neuralgia.
1 Headache, Toothache and all pain. Intamallr
tor Malaria and ail Bowel Pains. All drua^Uu,A legislative committee at Sacramento, after two
years of hard work, has reached the conclusion that
taxation is extremely unpopular among citizen's^ «J- It
is strange how readily our public servants' sometimes
read the 'minds of 'the 'people! . ' ' / " ' ' ' - : ' *
The Choctaw and Snake tribes of Indian Terri
tory, who have : gone upon the war path, have prob
ably decided to anticipate that general American de
sire and make good Indians of themselves./ They
appear to have every chance of : success.
The announcement that Edward VII desires to be
styled "His; Imperial Majesty" may be taJcen as an
evidence that he will try to strengthen the bonds of
the empire throughout' the colonies and will : not let
Great Britain consider herself the whole thing. .
A bill has been introduced at Sacramento to limit
all prize-fighting contests to four rounds.' A more
effective measure and one possibly of more public
good would be a law providing that contestants must
operate upon one another with slungshots. . ; This
possibly would elevate the sport.
The Albatross was calculated to make
22 knots, and "the others, excepting: the
Zephyr,. 80 knots.
The value of the Italian fleet is officially
computed at J100 ,00^000.
, "Could you tell me, the. meaning. of the
word 'cataclysm'?" he asked of the street
car . passenger ; who was folding up his
newspaper."
"Are you going ; to • rid© two < or three
blocks farther?" was queried in reply.
'.'Yes, sir." .... •
"Then you'll s«e one. .The conductor has
carried that! sharp-nosed woman two
streets past' where she wanted -to get off
already, and she'll wake UP soon and start
a cataclysm that'll probably jump the car
right oft the track!',— Washfngton Post.
At Hotel Del Coronado
The season : ts now on at full ¦ tide. - American
and European plans., Best or everything. In
cluding ' the character of entertainment. Apply
.4 N«w Montgomery st, city, for special ticket.
One of the oddities : of the situation is that Tung
Fu Siang, for whose head Germany , is making de
mands upon the Chinese Government, is at present
There's a state of things. Demands made in writing
must be rejected, but the same demands made ver
bally will be supported "with heart, and soul." There
can be np denying that such a course "would be dip
lomatic. By verbally supporting the German demand
for more heads we shall please the Kaiser, while at
the same time leaving ourselves free to deny in fu
ture years ever having given. that support. Should
the Chinese lay. up the charge against us Mr. Conger
could ask, "Where's the writing?"
International concerts may' have their,uses, but the
facilitation of business is not one of them.,.
Recent dispatches from Peking have been curious.
It is stated: "Germany has put the screws on Eng
land, with the result that negotiations have retro
graded. The demand for^ the death penalty will be
preferred against all leaders mentioned in the decree,
in addition to posthumous degradation for such anti
foreign leaders as have committed suicide." Then
follows the announcement: "Mr. Conger stated at a
meeting of the Ministers that he could not support
the demand if it should be made in writing, -but ver
bally he would do so with heart and soul."
Early in the game Russia made a proposition that
all the powers should withdraw their .troops from
China, and after agreeing not to" dismember the em
pire should leave the rest to diplomacy and to her.
That proposition made talk for a* time and was then
shelved. Next the -United States presented a plan
that was apparently as good as any human ingenuity
could suggest. It was discussed and rejected. Ger
many had her innings next in turn, but her proposals
were of a nature altogether too medieval for the other
powers to approve, so they went into the waste
basket. Finally Great Britain submitted a plan for
solving all difficulties, but now even that has bee.i
rejected. w
COMPLICATIONS IN CHIN0.
COUNT VON WALDERSEE may not be much
of a soldier, but when he took with him to
China an eight room house and. all the equip
ments for a prolonged stay he showed that he has
a better understanding of his job than any of the
critics who condemned him for taking so much bag
gage for a short campaign. It now appears as if the
"international concert" would be in China for a long
time, and Von Waldcrsec, in addition to setting up
his portable mansion, might plant an orchard with a
fair prospect of remaining in the country long enough
to gather fruit from it. •
He has gone to his death full of years and honors.
His work was done to the utmost fullness. Nothing
more was to be expected , from it, , and yet it was
gratifying while he. was still alive to know that pos
sibly we might still have new music from his facile
brain, and the world cannot -avoid feeling a sense
of loss in his death. A great joy-giver has passed
away, and for a time the gayety of the nations is in
eclipse. ,
There is hardly a person having any musical gift
at all in Europe, or in America who cannot sing or
play from memory some of the strains of Verdi's
music. His operas have been the delight of the two
great classes" of music lovers— those. who delight in
it because of its sensuous sweetness and those who
,de'ight in artistic excellence of technique. To the
people and to artists alike the master spoke in a
music that seems destined to live forever; and cer
tainly the world can hardly expect to see again for a
century a writer whose music will cover so wide a
range, appeal to so many and such diverse tastes,
and rank so high in the estimation of both the cultured
and the uncultured. . ,
WHEN Dr. Johnson wrote that the death of
Garrick had "eclipsed the gayety of. nations"
he defended the phrase on the. ground that it
was "a pardonable exaggeration of affection." No
sort of apology or excuse need be given for applying
the words to the death of Verdi. The great Italian
musician added more, to the general joy of the civ
ilized world than any other man of his time. There
wa* a class that raved over Rossini, and there is a
school that cultivates an adoration of Wagner, but
Verdi was the master of the universal heart. His
music sang itself into the hearts of all who heard it,
and remained as a lasting memory to be summoned
up at will whenever there was felt a need of song to
give expression to emotion. 1
THE DEflTH OF VERDI.
Financially San Francisco seems to be flourishing.
There probably never was a time in the more recent
history of the city when money was more plentiful or
more accessible to solvent borrowers. The country
banks, as a rule, report the same plenitude of funds.
As for collections, they were nevtr better, and fail
ures ere few and generally small. The crop outlook
is fine, as the weather has thus far this winter been
ideal, with enough rain and sunshine for the growing
crops, and enough frost to keep plants and trees from
prematurely developing, to their almost inevitab'e
damage later on. With such a winter we surely outfit
to have a highly successful summer.
Aside from this unpleasant revelation there was
nothing new in local trade last week. The grain mar
ket became firmer and prices for wheat and barley
advanced several fractions, and provisions also
showed an upward tendency. There was also a live
lier movement in local securities on the Stock and
Bond Exchange, where trading had been light for
several months, and the local oil exchange rolled up
its usual large record of sales. The dried fruit and rai
sin trades continued in the dumps, though dealers re
ported rather more nibbling at the former, and as
the Eastern demand gave signs of picking up, hope3
were entertained that the zenith of the midwinter
dullness had been passed.
There was a discordant note In local trade
which our merchants will do well to correct as soon
as possible. The Call drew attention to the serious
fact that goods were being shipped from Eastern
points to the Orient at lower rates than' could bi
obtained from San Francisco. In other words, this
city, standing at the western gateway of the country,
sees merchandise, bought in the East for Oriental con
sumption shipped over its head, to Its neglect as a
shipping point In more specific terms, the freight
from Chicago *to China is less than the freight from
San Francisco to China. There is something wrong
when such an abnormal condition prevails, and it h
damaging the business of this port.
If these figures mean anything they mean that
business throughout the United States last week
was 36.3 per cent better than during the same week
last year. Just what caused this increase does not
ippear. Speculation in New York was not especial
ly heavy, but there was a pronounced increase in grain
speculation at Chicago. The great staples, such as
wheat, wool, cotton, iron and steel, hides and leather,
boots and shoes, lumber and the leading groceries,
were none of them active enough to attract any at
tention, hence the Inference is natural that H was
improvement in general trade that caused this
marked increase in the bank clearings. The failures
were larger than last year, being 306, against 231. At
any rate, we have the testimony of the bank clearings
that business is much better this year than last, which
is prima facie evidence.
The bank clearings of the country made another
fine showing, being 36.3 per «nt larger than during
the corresponding week in 1900. Every city of any
size in the country showed a gain except Louisville,
which fell of 7.3 per cent. The other twenty import
ant cities presented a solid column of gains in the
volume of business, the largest being 52.4 per cenr
at New York.
THERE was not much feature to general trade
last week. During: the first day or two there
was heavy selling on the New York and London
stock exchanges, due to the impending death of the
Queen and liquidation in railroad shares. This was
followed by a reaction along in the middle of the
week, which in turn gave way to another fit of weak
rcss, so the six days were very Irregular, as far as
Wall street was concerned.
APPARENT GAIN IN BUSINESS.
Fifteen new torpedo-boat destroyers
were added to the British navy last year,
their official trials giving the following re
sults: '-V;'
Surgeons in the British navy make well
grounded complaints over the slowness of
promotion to higher relative grades in the
corps. The limit of age for appointment
is twenty-eight and his relatH-e rank is
that of lieutenant with less than eight
years' service, and he does. not reach the
rankVof commander until after, twenty
years or at the age of. Bay. 48. During the
same period the lieutenant with which he
ranked on flrst Joining the navy has.be
come a post -captain, close to promotion
of rear admiral. The surgeons In the
United States navy have also cause for
complaint -in that beginning at the age
limit of 30. the rank is only, that of an en
sign and there are several Instances where
the rank' of commander "is reached only
after nearly thirty years* service, and
that of captain in thirty-six years.
The triple screw engines of the French
armored cruisers Desaix, Duplelx and
Kleber have cylinders of 34, 43 and 77.in
ches diameter, with 31V£-lnch stroke, and
are calculated to devclop»17,000 horsepow
er with 256 pounds of steam and 150 revo
lutions. The Kleber has twentv NIclause
boilers with a total grate surface of 1100
square feet and 35,500 sauare feet of heat
ing surface. The weight of engines' is
663 tons and of the boilers, including wa
ter. 612 tons, making a total machinery
weight of 174 pounds per horsepower. Tha
other vessels are fitted with Belleville
boilers and the three shlr>s are calculated
to make a speed of 2i knots.
The London Times of December 27 last
states that the Russian armored cruiser
Gromoboy was at Devonport dockyard
and was "taking In over 10,000 tons of
coal." The Gromoboy is of 12,336 tons dis
placement, with a normal coal capacity of
2300 tons, and the extra supply must not
alone make the living quarters somewhat
contracted, but also bring the ship dovira
away above the Plimsoll mark.
An illustration of the loss of speed of
a vessel due to foul bottom is shown In
the trials of the British cruisers Pioneer
and Pandora. The trials in both cases "ex
tended over thirty hours, the Pioneer with
foul bottom making an average speed of
16.3 knots under 3665 . horsepower, while
the Pandora with clean bottom realized
16.7 knots on 3G3S horscyower.
Five vessels have been struck off th«
expectlve list of the Italian navy, namely:
Torpedo-gunboat Folgore, built in 1SSS;
Maria Adelaida and Vittoria Emanuel.
training ships, built of wood In 1859 and
1S56; the Palestro, ironciad. built in 1S7J.
and • the Conte de Cavour, an Iron ship
transport about thirty years old.
Two vessels are to be laid down In Jap
anese dockyards— a second-class eruls2r
at Kure and a third-class cruiser at Yo
kosuka. The material has been ordered
from England.
Thirty-seven British naval vessels have
received or 'are about to be fitted with
wireless telegraph apparatus, the princi
pal system used being the Marconi.
: The board of managers of the Children's
Hospital has gone no further in its plans
than to decide to have the "rummage."
At present the ladies are looking about
for some charitable individual with a
large empty downtown store "which may
be placed at their disposal for the enter
tainment. Of cdurse, the ladles have de
cided not only to stock the bargain 'count
ers, : but to stand by them night and day
and assist 'at the disposing of the wares.
I consider that a "rummage party" will
be no end of fun. It is such a reversal of
the usual order of things. The well-to-do
give the goods, and every inducement is
offered -to the less fortunate to come in
THE WORLD'S NAVIES.
We're to have a "rummage party." The
ladies of the • Children's Hospital board
are to be the hostesses, and the funds, of
course, are to go to the worthy cause
they so worthily . represent. The "rum
mage party" is a new one on this commu
nity,; I believe that Lady Curzon is the
originator of that style of entertainment,
and that the flrt«t "rummage party" was
given at her home and the proceeds de
voted, to the.--African war fund. Either
Boston or Philadelphia. I have forgotten
just which town, has Just emerged from
a "rummage," and points with pride to a
coffer' filled- 'with two thousand shining
dollars. 11 o^iL'-M - r
Aside from, the fact that it has silenced
all evil tongues, the Lester ball is to be
Jyst too jolly. . It has been a long time
since the Hobart doors have stood hospi
tably open. There have been gay events
in the Van Ness avenue mansion, ami now
it looks -as if we. might expect more of
the same splendid entertainment.
Whatever put it into the realm of rumor
that the fortunate couple were longing to
go their several separate ways is beyond
me. Probably because they were content
to live quietly pnd happily and find pleas
ure in each other's society. They gave
malicious gossips no ground "for any sort
of talk, and so the gossips Invented to
suit themselves.
The invitations have settled It. The Les
ters are not thinking of divorce. They are
as happy and loving and contented as on
the day. .they sped down the steps of the
Hobart mansion dodging to escapp the
shower of rice and old shoes.
m MALICIOUS rumor has been
/\ throttled. The Winthrop Les
f~~\ ters have sent out cards for a
I \^ ball, to be held on the evening
* •* of February 5, and thereby
have gladdened the hearts of their friends
and deprived the gossips of u spicy mor
sel that they have been nibbling at with
pleasure for months.
ONE-CENT PIECE— A. B. C. City. A 1
cont piece of the issue of 1S83 Is not one of
the coins for which dealers offer a pre
mium.
A POWERFUL VOICE— M. D.. City. To
cultivate a powerful speaking voice, place
yourself under the training of a profes
sional elocutionist.
MASONIC PERIODICAL-G. B., Napa.
Cal. There Is a Masonic periodical pub
lished in San Francisco. It is called the
Trestle Board.
MARRIAGE-R., City. The Catholic
Church would not "solemnize the mar
riage of a divorcee of another faith with
one of its communicants in good stand-
Ing." .
SHERLOCK HOLMES— F. M. F-. City.
Sherlock Holmes, the detective, was not
"a mythological person." He was an im
aginary creation of A. Conan Doyle, the
novelist.
DIMES— M. M., Elk. Cal. No premium
Is offered on dimes of the issue of 1S30.
This department has not the space to
"print a list of coins for which a premium
is offered." • . •
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA-A. C.
R.. City. The California and Nevada Rail
road, which has a terminus near Oakland,
is not operated regularly. The train
makes occasional trips.
CONSULAR AGENT— M. M. M.. Oak
land. Cal. A letter addressed to Edward
B. Light, United States consular agent at
Guadalajara*. Mex.. will reach him. There
Is no United States Consul at that point.
NAVIES-I. M. D.. City. Upon the basis
of the number of war vessels the most
powerful navies in the world are the fol
lowing, in the crder given: Great Britain,
France. Russia, United States, Italy and
Germany.
PATENTED LAND— C. H.. Sonora. Cal.
To ascertain "what rights an individual
has on 160 acres of patented land In the
Federal mountain, reservation" the indi
vidual should communicate with the Gen
eral Land Office at Washington, D. C.
TWO TEAMS— C. C. H.. Ingomar. Cal.
If two teams were working side by side
plowing a field and each team pulled ex
actly the same the one on the outside
would in the circuit of the field go over
more ground than the one on the inside.
That Is probably what you desire to know
by the question asked, although It is not
clearly stated.
BUILDING IN CASINO— Subscriber,
City. In the game of casino If a player
has built up a card to a certain denomina
tion and his opponent decline to build It
up higher, he. the first player, may not
alter n!s build, but must take it with a
card of the same denomination, but he'ls
at liberty to ir>ake another build before
taking up the first one.
LIGHTHOUSE ROMANCE— F. J. A.,
Point Sur. Cal. The Index of articles pub
lished in The Call does not ahow that
within the past five years there was pub
lished an article "about the romance of
a lighthouse keeper on the Farallonea
who advertised for a wife." It must have
been In some other paper.
MANILA SCHOOLS— G. C. City*. Tha
chances for obtaining positions In the pub
lic schools of Manila, P. I., at this time
are very small. For information as to
qualifications and possibility of appoint
ment address . a communication to the
Superintendent of Public Schools. Ma
nila, P. V, stating knowledge of school
work and experience as a teacher.
NIAGARA FALLS— H. S., City. This
department has not been able to find any
record "of anybody who has walked
across the falls of Niagara on a tight
rope several Sundays in succession, with
in the last ten years." This feat waa ac
complished by Emil Gravelet Blondin/ln
June, 1859. He walked on a three and a
quarter Inch rope stretched 150 feet over
the water and a little below the falls.
Blondin died February 22, 1897. „
A WIJTDOW-PANE— A. S.. City. If yon
accidentally cracked a window-pane in
the lodging-house in which you room and
you are too poor to -*ay for It and the
proprietor holds a package belonging to
you containing your naturalization papers
which he refuses to surrender until the
damage Is paid for you can go to law
to force him to surrender it to you. but
such a course would cost you much more
.than the value of the pane of glass. It
would probably be better for you to wait
until • you raise sufficient money to pay
for the damage done and then receive
your property. \- -
HIGH TIDES-A- B. C. City. High
tides depend upon local circumstance*.
In the middle of the Pacific Ocean the
rise Is, from two to five feet. On the
east coast of America in the path of the
great' Atlantic Ocean It is from nine to
twelve feet. In the i ay of Fundy.
whica opens Its bosom to receive the full
force of the tide. It Is eighteen feet at
the entrance, and the tide rushing
fiercely through the long, narrow chan
ne. swells to sixty or seventy feet. In
the Bristol Channel, on the coast of
England, the tide rises to forty feet, an.l
in • the English • Channel It rises to fifty
feet, at St. Malo. on the coast of France.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento Is at
the Grand.
E. C. Cary. a capitalist of Lodl, Is stc^.
ping at the Grand. Jk
Circuit Judge Ersklne M. Ross of Los
Angeles is a suest at the Palace.
George H. Baker, a business man well
known In Stockton. Is registered at the
Lick.
P. H. Ashmead. a capitalist and planter
of Guayaquil, Is registered at the Cali
fornia.
Easton Miller, an oil magnate of Paso
RdDles. and his family are making a brief,
visit at the Occidental.
¦ ¦ » ¦ ¦ .. 1
CHANCE 'TO SMILE.
Muggins— Made any New Tear's resolu
tions?
Bugglns— Yes; I've resolved to stoa
lending money. Either the resolution or
I must go broke.— Philadelphia Record.
She— I do believe I would fall dead if
you were to come home early some even
ing.
He— Tou will have to offer a bigger briba
than that.-Indlanapolis Press.
Bhe— Did everything go off well at the
amateur theatricals last night?
He— Yes; especially the audlencet It
went after the first act.
"Tesla talks" is th« way an article be
gins. \v hen the reader has perused a col
umn or two he is satisfied that the Klst la
T?m r ra Union th8 nnt tW ° Wordi - F lorlda,
"Dinah, I notice you never have a cold.
I wish you would tell m© what rules of
health you observe."
"Don't 'bserve none, ma'am. Don't
know none. 'Spect dat's de reason I don't
nebber ketch no cold. "-Richmond Ttznea.
m '«T? 9 '. W S he^ k ?». yo £ n!r TOntergreen
made a friend of the haughty Mrs. da
Young the very first time he met her.V
, "How did he do it?" Vr
"He asked her If her hair wasn't t**
maturely gray."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Do you think it is desirable for a mas
to study the dead languages?"
"Xo, sir," answered Mr. Cumrox. with
emphasis. "If queer words are what a
young man aspires to. the golf and base
ball reports In any good daily newspaper
will supply all his wants."— Washlngtoa
ANSWERSJTO_QUERIES. ,
PERSONAL MENTION.
and buy. ~Thus rich and poor alike aid
in the cause of charity.
I do not believe that ever In the history
of things have the attics and the cellars
of the ladles connected with the hospital
received such a thorough overhauling as
they did durinR the last .week. And I un
derstand that by this time everybody has
quite decided, lust what they will con
tribute to the "rummage party." It is
not only madam's belongings' that have
been sorted over, but monsieur's as well,
and I predict that there will be on sale
quite as many substantial articles for
man as airy trifles and dainty garments
for woman. I've been told that in view
of the approaching "rummage party" the
husbands of charitable wives are carrying
around with them the keys of their bu
reau drawers, and I also know that a long
ll?t of husbands who during the last years
have grown round and prosperous have
handed over dress suits to be placed on
sale.
• • •
Ethel Haarer has been ill with a
bad attack of grippe, but is now on the
high road to recovery. Ethel is nat
urally po strong and healthy that I do
not think any of us need fear that the
malady .will leave any annoying after ef
fects. Ethel Hager owes her usual
strength to a splendid constitution, back
ed up by ' good care and a generous
allowance of outdoor exercises. It takes
more than, the grippe to worst such
a combination. Her family, though. I un
derstand, are resolved not to take any
chances, and are going South so that her
recovery may be complete.
So charmed are the Burlingrame ladles
with their successful ball at the Palace
on the evening of the 9th that they hava
decided to give just another such exclu
sive affair on Wednesday evening. Febru
ary 13. The same committee of ladies
will have charge of the function and prac
tically the same people will be asked. The
ball will be conducted on the same lines
as the last one. . That was a. tremendous
success and I think th« ladies are to be
congratulated upon their wise decision to
leave well enough alone.
• * ?*
Everybody is sorry for Frank Carolan
and wishing for his speedy recovery. Ths
accident he met with at the Burlingame
hunt on Wednesday last, while painful, !•»
by no means considered serious. One of
the small bones of the left leg is broken,
and it will be some time before genial
Frank will follow the hounds again.
• • •
The ladies of the Century Club did
themselves proud at their Colonial <»Th!
bitlon. I think Jt waa the most artistic
entertainment ever Riven In this city.
Really. I never knew -we had .so manv
old and costly relics In our mltlat. an!
the privilege of seem* them all together
Is one none of us should undervalue.
If there Is one man fvfio went to that
exhibition and did not have hts slum
bers troubled that nlsht by visions of
Florence Doane or t>plla Mill.-. I want to
know that man's name.
Florence was a picture. As I watchM
her plnplr.c; that quaint old ballad an.l
saw her jrolden head bobbins? under h-
picturesque bonnet with its wreath of
pink daisies, I thought what a pplenri; 1
thine it was that she did not live In th»
days of Washington. If she hart. th*rt> 4
no saytn?r what the "father of his cou.i
try" mlsht have done. If he had lost a
battle to linger by her side. It would
have been hard on us. but none of oa
could have blamed him.
Just what I have said of Florence Dear j
I want to say of Delia Mills. If she ha •
done nothing else but wear that wonrtcr
ful blue bonnet, she would have been
worthv of attention. But how slip mm
that song of the "Fickle T^asa!" "J^»
spirit she threw into It! What an actrps^
that girl would make. I understand th.«;
Papa Mills recognizes his daushtfr i
great talent and dally thanka his star*
that Delia is oblige*! to wear plashes. Ffa
considers that a drawback should hjj
daughter want to go upon the stase.
I never knew how envious I waa until
I found myself in the Century Club o-i
the first afternoon of the exhibit. I covet
ed more things than I can remember a:
this moment. There was that wonderful
chain round Mrs. ilorrill's neck— links of
gold held together at regular intervals
with brilliants and 200 years old. Then
theie was that wonderful grown of Mrs.
Tallant with its magnificent old lac© fichu
and that flounce at the hem of the skirt.
with its delicate tracing of lavender
blooms — hand-painted — and then — ¦well, t
dare not go on. for It would be to admit
chat I wanted everything in sight.
• • • •
Knox Maddnx knows how to do things.
The dinner and theater party he save for
Elena Robinson on Monday night was one
of the swellest affairs of its kind ever
given here. First a dinner with twenty
eight covers at the University Club, then
"Becky Sharp"' at the California and a
supper at the Palace after the play.
Splendid Mr. Maddox! Lucky Elena Rob
inson— yonngr, charming, a debutante and
with friends anxious to honor and pleaao
her!
MONDAY. • JANUARY 28, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Xtirtti AH OoBBSBieatims to T7. S. LEASE. K*n»ger.
NASACER^ OFPICB T»lrpli«np T*r*na 2«v*
i'CBLICATlO.f OFFICE... Mnrket and Third. S. F.
Telephone PreM 201.
EDITORIAL' ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevennnn St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered *•» nwtrrt^rn. IK On*« Per Week.
PlnirTe Coptea. B Cent".
TfrtnM l»r Mali, Inclndlnar Poatagret
SATX.T CAZ.T> Onelndtac Ponflay). one- year ,...|t.»1
X3AIT.T CALTj ftccloeinr Ponflay). C months K.M
DAXX.T CALL (Inelndtnir Eanday>. I tnontba. ................. LOT
DAILT O.Lb-By Btnglt Month Oe
BUNDAT CAXJV On« Te*r l.R>
WEEKLT CALL, On* Y««r ". 1.9»
All poilmuirn are untlnirtrcd to receive
¦nbscrtptlona.
Eaispl* copies will be forwarded ¦wb»n rainwted.
Man sebeernwr* tn erderin*- rhun of a44ma ehmjliJ *<•
particular to gtv both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to ttror* a prempt and correct ccmplluce with their request.
0AKXAJVD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GRORGS KROGTCSS.
Xietgrr Fereiga Afrtrtittsg. tftrgntite Bnildlng, CUetga,
'" CLcrc Distance Telephone "Central 2C11.">
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
KEW TOltX REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHE5 B. SMITH 3u Tribune Building
' KEW TORK KEWS KTAND8:
Waldorf- A*-torta Betel; A. Brers tano, & Unioa Bqoar*:
Xorrar Pin Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS*
Bbermaa Botua: P. O. Kews Co.: Oreat Northern Hotel:
Pieuiont Bocse; Auditorium Hotel.
WASBIVRTOV <D. C> OFFICBJ. . . .14O6 G it* W. W.
MORTO.V 12. CRAKE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— O7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, opsn
entn f^O o'clock. tOO Hay**, open until »:8» o'clock. «S3
McAIllvter. cr*n»tjnUI >:tO o'clock. CIS Xjarkla. op«n un'.Il
»-JX o'clock. im MJaalon. open until 10 o'clock. XM1 Market.
esreer Sixteenth, cpen until I o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia. op«n
cctll I o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. oor-
Her Twentyaeoond and Kentucky, open unUl * o'clock.
P\A AYOR PHELAN in violation of -pledges
/ \ again and again repeated has declared himself
in favor' of reopening Ingteside racetrack to
the so-called racing men with their attendant pool
sellers and bookmakers, whose practices in the past
brought so much of vice and crime upon the city as
to arouse the. indignation of all fjood citizens.' In
to become a turncoat, the Mayor has noi
been influenced by any blindness to the evils he once
opposed. In an interview with a representative of
The Call he frankly spoke of the reopening of the
track at Ingleside as a grant which would give the
gamblers an' opportunity "to pick pockets. 1 -' His one
argument to justify his repudiation of his pledges .was:
"I do not believe that we should give the gamblers
of Oakland an opportunity for an exclusive privilege
to pick pockets simply because "we have a moral cru
sr»de on in this city." : *>
The revival of the struggle on the part of the pro
moters' of the gambling 'scheme' is / not unexpected.
When first Ingleside was closed and the various moral
forces of the city that had achieved the victory were
rejoicing, The Call pointed out that the struggle
would sooner or later be resumed. There is an im
mense amount of money to be made by any' man or
set of men who obtain the privilege of conducting
races for, the purpose ,of gambling within the limits
of this city. Those profits are a continued. Temptation
to gamblers, and- it was a Veil assured thing that
sooner or later another effort would be made to gain
them. The renewal of the fight has come somewhat
sooner than was expected and in a manner different
from what was expected, for no one with the Mayor's
denunciations of gambling fresh in his mind- could
have supposed that within so short a time he would
desert the cause to which he' was giving at least an
outward support and throw the influence of his per
sonality and the pow*er of his office on the side of the
gamblers; "
It is not worth while at this time to speculate as
to the cause of the changed attitude of the Mayor.
The one thing to do now Is to rally'the forces that
closed Ingleside track, and unite them in a determin
ation to keep it closed despite the schemes of the
Kayor. Toward the accomplishment of that end
much has been alr.eady done. The earnest wo-ds
spoken from the pulpits of so many churches yester
day show that the pastors of the people have not for
gotten the grim evils that resulted from Ingleside
track in the past, and are as resolute as ever to main
tain the laws which prevent a revival of them.
The issue is in the hands of the Supervisors.' They
cannot be in any way ignorant of its true nature, nor
of. the characters of the men on the opposing sides.
The Mayor stated the question very mildly, when he
spoke of it as one of granting to gamblers the privi
lege to pick pockets. Crimes far worse than pocket
picking emanated from the gambling at Ingleside in
the past. There,, were betrayals of public and of
private trust, petty pilfering on the part of boys,
heavy embezzlements on the part of trusted clerks and
cashiers; there were developed the dreadful vicious
ness that prompted to murder and the awful wretched
ness that finds no end save in suicide. In support ot
the Mayor's scheme there is 1 a clique of Eastern
gamblers backed by every base influence in the city.
Against it are the pastors of the churches, the inde
pendent pfcs.s, the fathers and. mothers of families,
the heads of banks and business houses, and the uni
versal voice of the better clement of the people.
• Such is the issue, and such are the opposing
parties. Argument upon such a subject ought not to
be needed. Ingleside track was closed because after
ample experience it was found to be a dangerous
menace to society, a curse to all classes; and in the
light of that experience to reopen the track would be
itself a crime. :
MAYOF^ PhJELAN'S MENACE.
SOCIETY:
LESTER BALL A SAD BLOW
TO THE GOSSIPS
• BY SALLY SHARP.
Such a measure is politic, because it is right, and
because it forms the last needed protection to the
gold standard.
It is obvious, then, that free exchange with gold
at option of the holder only completes the equality of
our currencies and serves the convenience of the
small holder of silver, without giving the banks any
power to deplete the gold reserve.
September 1, 1900, the banks of New York City
held only $11,167,153 in silver certificate?; those of
Chicago held only<$5, 298,959; those of St. Louis only
$1,613,826, and all other reserve cities only $15,333,156.
At the same date the country banks held an aggre
gate of only $11,830,465. So that the combined banks
of the country held only $45,243,559- As there were
outstanding at that time in silver certificates $402,136,
6r7, it will be seen that the simple expedient of is
suing them in no larger denomination than $5 keeps
them In use as currency and out of the banks.
In January, 1891, only one-tenth of one per cent
of customs dues at New York was paid in gold coin,
and two and one-tenth was paid in silver certificates!
In January, 1893, none were paid in gold coin, but
fifteen per cent was paid in silver. In July, 1894, none
were paid in gold coin, but fifty-nine per cent of the
total was paid in silver. July, 1898, fifty-nine per
cent was in gold coin and only seventeen per cent
in silver. July, 1899, eighty-five ' per cent was in
gold coin and five per cent in United States notes,
one-tenth of one per cent in Treasury notes, none in
gold certificates, and only nine and three-tenths per
cent in silver. In November, 1900, eighty-eight per
cent of the duties at New York was paid in gold
certificates and only three per cent in silver. It h
plain that the free exchange of all forms of currency
for gold induces the use of gold in payment of dues
to the Government, and tends to maintain the gold
reserve. Again, the silver circulation of the country
is largely in the form of silver certificates. These
are in use amongst the people, and the law limits
them to denominations of $1, $2 and $5. When silver
was being paid for customs and internal taxes the
certificates were of large denominations, such as do
not pass from hand to hand amongst the people.
Since the denominations were limited these certificates
stay out of the banks and they could be withdrawn
from circulation only by offering a •premium for
them. Therefore the banks are deprived of the power
to use them to raid the gold reserve.
We are in the habit of ascribing' the depletion
of the gold reserve between the years 1891 and 1806
to the presentation of greenbacks for redemption
and reissue. While that was one method, the pay
ment of silver on duties and excises was also a .potent
factor.
1 It will not add appreciably to the gold obligations
of the Government. At present the holders of sil
ver have the power of exchanging it for gold indirect
ly by paying it as tariff and internal revenue taxes.
By this indirect method they keep gold out of the
Treasury and have the power , to reduce the gold
reserve. But when all forms of coin and currency
are kept at a parity by freedom of exchange there will
be no object in discriminating in favor of silver in
the payment of Federal taxes.
The advocates of the free and unlimited coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 will of course enter
the objection that such a law treats silver as a gold
certificate, but they can hardly object to putting silver
in as good a position as the paper currency, which is
made redeemable in gold.
The argument for this legislation is made by the
executive committee of the Indianapolis conference,
which body has formed and directed the gold stand
ard legislation that has been so far enacted. ' The
only way to make the gold standard. unassailable is
to provide for the free exchange by the Treasury 01*
all standard coins issued by the United States, for
each other, without discrimination, at the option of
the holder. This gives every holder and earner of
money a direct interest in the maintenance of the
gold standard, and secures the parity of all silver
money by making it as good as gold.
A brief answer would be that it is necessary in
order tefmake all our coins and currency as good as
gold, which is the desirable state toward which the
students of finance have been' directing legislation
since 1S96.
INQUIRY is made as to the meaning of the pro
posed law to make gold and silver, coins inter
changeable at the Treasury, and the necessity for it.
FINfiNCIflL LEGISLATION.
at the \ head of the largest Chinese ; force under arms
and he has the EmperOr in his" custody." How, then
can^the Emperor surrender his head? The thing is
getting to be a good deal like a comic opera.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JANUARY 28, 1901.
There is said to be an extra session of Cong/ess
in sight, but it may be nothing more than a cloud
that will pass without being precipitated,
Our local Civil Service Commission has asked that
its affairs be thoroughly investigated by the Grand
Jury. If ever a request was made and promised 'public
nood this certainly is one. The Civil Service Com
mission must be under the influence of a wave of
conscience.
* *
6
NAME. Built at
Brazen Clydebunk..
Electra Clydebank..
Recruit-... Glasgow
Thorn r. Olaaarow
Tiger OlRggcw
Vigilant ........ GlasKOW.....
Albatross Chlsw <*....
ftac ..-..•• Chlswlck....
Bullfinch H"]j
Dove Hull.........
Falcon Fa rfle M....
Ostrich FalrfleM....
Petrel •• Jarrow
£S " ••• Sunderland.
Zephyr Paisley
I '<¦ ¦ v Knots
iTona H. P. Speed.
| SIS 6533 29.SC3
S19 6751 29.5S3
324 6T>S1 29.319
342 6540 30.174
!39 6840 29.921
• S38 6507 30.147
383 7732 31.552
806 6561 30.315
SIS 6023 29.4oU
¦ 322 6012 29.363
833 631S 30.0M
331 «3U 30.11?.
340 6444 30.097
322 655S 30.110
236 3SSS 27.171
NAME. Built at
Brazen Clydebunk..
Electra Clydebank..
Recruit-... Glasgow
Thorn r. Olaaarow
Tiger OlRggcw
Vigilant ........ GlasKOW.....
Albatross Chlsw <*....
ftac ..-..•• Chlswlck....
Bullfinch H"]j
Dove Hull.........
Falcon Fa rfle M....
Ostrich FalrfleM....
Petrel •• Jarrow
£S " ••• Sunderland.
Zephyr Paisley
I '<¦ ¦ v Knots
iTona H. P. Speed.
| SIS 6533 29.SC3
S19 6751 29.5S3
324 6T>S1 29.319
342 6540 30.174
!39 6840 29.921
• S38 6507 30.147
383 7732 31.552
806 6561 30.315
SIS 6023 29.4oU
¦ 322 6012 29.363
833 631S 30.0M
331 «3U 30.11?.
340 6444 30.097
322 655S 30.110
236 3SSS 27.171
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel •
t ¦
Best eyeglasses, specs. 15e to 40c. Loolc
out for 81 4th. front of barber and erocsry."
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bnrean (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery at. Telephone Main 1042. •
"There Is trouble brewing for you, my
reckless young friend."
"Perhaps so. but I am cot looking for
the brewery." — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Santa Fe Train.
Th« new Santa Fe train known as t&e Cali-
fornia Limited affords service very much rape*
rlor t» anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers. •
Sea Captain— There Is no hope! The ship
is doomed! In an hour we will all be dead!
Seasick Passenger— Thank Heaty-rii—
Vallejo N«wb. Y_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GROWING TOO FAST
Children growing too fast
for their strength need more
than their- ordinary food.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-Liver
Oil with Hypophosphites
supplies that need. It has the
power to nourish and strength*
en that does not obtain in
their usual food.
*A11 sickly, delicate children,
who have no definable disease,
are invariably benefited by the
use of Scott's Emulsion.
A fifty cent bottle will prove
to be the best investment you
can make, f
Tlvoll — "The P>nclnr Master."
Ontral Theater — "A Celebrated Ca»e.**
California— "Becky Sharp."
Orpheum— Vaufievllle.
Grand Opera-hou*e — "Arrah-na-Pogrue."
Alhambra — " 'Shooting the Chutes."
Alcasar— "All the Comforts of Home."
Columbia— "A Midsummer Xight'e Dream."
Olympla. corner Mason and Kddy street*— Speciame*.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venins.
F lecher's— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture by Rev. Peter C Torke,
Thursday evenlne, February 7.
Tanforan Park — Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.Attempts Suicide.
- SACRAMENTO.; Jan. 27.— Lulu Howard,
a* woman 'of the town, quarreled with her
lover to-day, got^ drunk and jumped Into
the river. A -man. who saw. her Jump -in
got a boat hook and fished her out be
fore she .'had drowned. Thft makes the
third time she has, tried to kill herself
Tacoma Business Men Making Deter
mined Fight to Hjive Its Loca
tion Changed.
TACOMA. Jan: 27.— The business men
of Tacoma and the Chamber of Commerce
decided { last night to make a vigorous
flght to have the State capital moved here
from Olympia. . . • .
The entire State has long complained of
the. inaccessibility of the present capital,
Olympia -having only one train each way
daily, at inconvenient hours. Many pa
pers throughout the State have urged the
selection of Tacoma because of its central
location. ~~ It is '• now j deemed advisable to
actively enter the race. Wright Park, in
the center of the city, has been offered for
a site.' Mayor Campbell will head a dele
gation" of. business .men which win go to
Olympia to-morrow to aid the Tacoma del
egation.' The entire Legislature will be
brought here by a special train next Fri
day ' and banqueted at the Hotel Tacoma,
DESIRE REMOVAL OF
WASHINGTON'S CAPITAL
Edward Hoppin Commits Suicide Ow
ing to Despondency and Contin
ued Ill-Health.
"WOODLAND, j Jan. 27.— Edward John
Hoppin, aged 22. the eldest son of Charles.
Hoppin. one of the oldest and most high
ly esteemed citizens of Tolo County, com
mitted suicide at 1 o'clock this afternoon
He had been in ill health arid despondent
for about a year. A few minutes before
the tragedy occurred deceased and his
mother were enjoying the sunshine on the
side porch .of the family residence. Mr?.
Hoppin expressed a desire for him to go
to Woodland and consult a physician.
He replied that he would go upstairs to
change his clothes and take a bath, and
go to Woodland after lunch. A few min
utes later Mrs. Hoppin heard a heavy fall
but no report of a gun. She went to the
door and called. , Receiving no answer shp
climbed the stairway to his room and was
horrified to find him lying on the floor
dead. He had used a rifle. The ball
entered under, the chin, severed tlfe wind
pipe, broke the jaw and came out back of
the left ear. Death must have been in?
stantaneous.
YOUNG MAN ENDS
LIFE WITH A BIFLS
Convention Closes.
STOCKTON -Jan. 27.-The twentieth an
nual State convention of the Young Men's
Christian Association 'closed here !this
evening' after a successful session of four
days. rThere was a regular service this
forenoon at the Central Methodist Epis
cipal Church, and this afternoon Rev
Fred B. Smith* addressed a large- gather-
Ing of men only on* '.'Social Impurity "
There were platform services in the
churches this evening, with large attend
ances. ; .. : : '. ',[ "¦-¦.. . . " . ¦•.;.<-.;:.-
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 27.— A burglar
entered J. W. Forgeus' residence , on
Beach Hill at 4 o'-clock this morning and
stole two diamond studs and a watch. He
next visited- ex-Mayor Bowman's • resi
dence on Beach' Hill and . ran against an
obstruction at the head of . the stairs
which awakened Mrs. Bowman, who
turned on the lights, frightening the burg
lar away. Mr. Bowman seized a" gun and
tried /to find the burglar, but he -had
escaped. The burglar 1? described as be
ing a small man.
idence at Santa Cruz.
SECTJRES DIAMOND STUDS.
Burglars Enters J. W. Forgeus! Rea-
The Silent City has been known to the
Indians of Alaska for years. - It Is' a
mirage, five miles in length, which shows
on the big glacier of Mount Falrweather
•when the weather conditions are" favor
able and Is said by many to be a repre
sentation of the city of Bristol, Eng., one
of the steeples shown ' being an exact
counterpart of one in Bri3tol. A pen- and
ink sketch was made of the mirage by
the Duke of Abruzzi and recently a
photograph of it has been secured. The
expedition, which will make a scientific
investigation, is backed by Californlana
and they will go north fully equipped for
a long stay.
• VICTORIA. Jan. , 27. — Investigations
which were commenced bv the Duke of
Abruzzi during his mountain-climbing
tour of Alaska, to endeavor to solve the
mystery of the Stlent City of Mount
Falrweatlier, are to be continued by a
scientific .'expedition which will go north
early in the soring.
to Be Continued by an
Expedition.
Work Begun by the Duke of Abruzzi
WILL INVESTIGATE , ,
THE SILENT CITY
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time o(
day. the third time column gives the last tida
of tho day, except when there are. but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign <— ) precedes the height, and then
tho number given is subtracted from the depth
given* by the charts. The plane of referenco
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 7:13
Sun sets .5:28
Moon sets 1:45 p. n,.
MONDAY. JANUARY 2S.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the
height of tide Is the tame at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
GBANT TO ST.AB.T ON
PERILOUS. VOTAGB
Will Search. Coast of Vancouver Isl-
and for Traces of Hissing
. Vessels.
TACOMA. Jan. 27.— The revenue cutter
Grant. Captain D. F. Tozler. starts Mon
day morning on one of the most perilous
voyages ever undertaken. Shipping men
and underwriters of th© entire PadSa
Coast will anxiously await her return,
for she goes In search of missing vessels
and distressed mariners.
Twenty-five vessels bound for Puget
Sound and the coast are missing, sup
posedly driven north. Vessels from
Alaska report the entire west coast of
Vancouver Island, 250 rallea of rocks and
reefs, strewn with wreoJrage. The Grant
will examine every square Inch of Van
couver coast as far north as Cape Scott
and will search every piece of wreckage
for Identification. The Treasury Depart
ment is highly commended by shipping
men for sending the cutter north, and al
though realizing their peril the officers
of the revenue cutter service are too fa
miliar with danger to question their
orders.
Narrowly Escap«s Death.
SACRAMEN'TO. Jan. 27.— As Charles
llondell. a railroad employe, was round-
Ing the curve at Third and R streets thJj
evening on a track velocipede, ha en
countered a light engine going out. Men
dell jumped and was trying to get hla
velocipede off the track when the loco
motive struck It. The machine was hurled
against him, Inflicting painful Injuries.
Apropos of forks, they are not men
tioned by Shakespeare, and it was not un
til after hla death that they were used
even by the higher classes. Thomas Cor
yat. writing in 1611 after visiting Italy,
gives a mlnuta description of their use in
that country. &nd adds that he himself;
"thought-good to imitate the Italian fash
ion by thte forked cutting of meat." but
his friends at home sometimes ."quipped"
him for what they regarded as a foreign
affectation. Tho dramatists of the day
also ridiculed "your fork-carving trav
eler." and a good clergyman preached
against the use of forks, calling it "an
Insult to Providence not to touch one's
meat with one's fingers."
We get not a few glimpses of school life
in that day, and Shakespeare often al
ludes to It. Before he could enter the
grammar school in his native town he had
to be able to read, and '.this he had prob-
When carpets are mentioned in the In
ventories they are coverings for the ta
bles, not for the floors, which even in
royal palaces were strewn with rushes.
Grumlo in "The Tamaig of the Shrew,"
sees "the carpets laid" for supper when
his master comes home. In the same
scene Grumlo arks. "Is supper ready, the
house trimmed, rushes strewed, cobwebs
swept?" In "Romeo and Juliet" the la
dies in dancing "tickle the senseless
rushes with their heels*" In "Richard
II" "the presence strew'd" is the presence
chamber of the palace strewn with rushes.
These rushes were not changed until they
had become too malodorous for endur
ance, and perfumes were sometimes
burned to overcome the smell. This ex
plains allusions like that in "Much Ado"
to "smoking a musty room."
Towels, except for table use. where they
were necessarv before forks were known
and fingers were used Instead, are seldom
included In inventories of the period, and
when mentioned are specified as "washing
towels"; nor are wash basins often re
ferred to except In lists of articles used
by barbers. Bullein. writing In 1558, says:
"Plain people in the country u.«3 seldom
times to wash their hands • • • and as
very few times comb their heads." In
"Much Ado." when Benedick's friends are
joking about his changed habits pince he
fell in love, Claudio asks: "And when was
he wont to wash his face?"- Baths are
seldom referred to in Shakespeare and
other writers of the time, except for the
treatment of certain diseases.
i Shakespeare's father was \ a well-to-do j
citizen of Stratford, and, as we know,
after passing through the lower grades of
municipal office, became at last a chief
bailiff, or mayor, of the town. The house
in which he lived and In w'hich it is quite
certain that the poet was born is still
standing 1 and represents the better class
of dwellings in a country town at .that day
—the best class below the mansion of the
gentry and nobility— but in size, finish and
: turnishing it was inferior to the average
house which an ordinary workingman In
our country to-day 13 aLie to own or hire
in the smaller towns or in the suburbs of
the great cities. John ShaKespeare s hou^e
' has been so much rebuilt externally that,
though, the ancient style is preserved, it
has a comparatively modern look; out
there are few houses of the same period
in otratford which. a3 antiquarians as-sure
us, are little altered, without or within,
from the original form and finish, and the
interior of these closely' resembles that ot
the Shakespeare house.
These houses are usually of two stories
and were- constructed of a framework of
wooden beams, the spaces between which
were filled with lath and plaster. The
roof3 were covered with thatch- of straw
or reeds, sometimes with tiles. In "The
Tempest" Ariel says of old Gonzalo:
Ills tears ran down his beard like winter's
drops
From eaves of reeds.
Tiles are mentioned only once In "All's
Well," where Bertram says of Parolles, "I
know his brains are forfeit to the next
tile that falls" — that is, from a roof; but
tiles were mostly used in the better class
of houses, like New Place, the residence
of the poet in his later years.
Chimneys were among the "modern Im
provements" of the time. John Shakes
peare's house had one, but many of h.s
neighbors were not so fortunate. Harri
son, writing In 1577, refers to the "multi
tude of chimneys lately erected," and
adds that not many years before "there
were not above two or three, if so many.
In most uplandish towns of the realm."
In "Macbeth" there is mention of chim
neys "blown down" In the wild storm on
the night of Duncan's murder.
Hoyses like John Shakespeare's had
plastered walls and ceilings within, but
the fumlture.of which we get an idea from
ln\-entories of the time (as, for instance,
that of Richard Arden. Shakespeare's ma
ternal grandfather, who was a wealthy
farmer), was scanty, rude and plain. That
of the hall or main room of the house,
which often occupied the whole of the
ground floor, consisted of two or three
chairs, a few joint-stools— that la, stools
of wood jointed together, as distinguished
from those more rudely made — a table of
the simplest construction, and possibly one
or moro "painted cloths" hung on the
walls. *
These cloths wpre cheap substitutes for
th'e tapestries of great mansions and were
often found in the cottages of the poor.
The paintings were generally crude repre
sentations of Biblical or historical sub
jects, together with maxims or mottoes,
which were often on scrolls proceeding
from the mouths of the characters.
Shakespeare refers to them several times,
as in "As You Like It." where in reply to
Jaques. Who charges Orlando with getting
his "pretty answers" out of rings (refer
ring to the mottoes or "posies" often In
scribed in finger rings). Orlando replies:
"Not so; but I answer you right painted
cloth, from whence you have studied your
questions." Falstaff says that his recruits
are ''ragged as Lazarus in the painted
cloth." and the host in the "Merry "Wives"
describes fat Jack's chamber as "painted
about with the story of the prodigal, fresh
and new"— an appropriate decoration for
the place., : . -
As I remarked at .the end of the former
paper on this subject, a series of twenty
papers might be fllle- with Shakespeare 1 s
allusions to matters connected with the
home and school life, the games and
sports, holidays and festivals. fo..vlore and
superstitions, etc.. o. the time. A few
more of these illusions may be mentioned
in this additional paper to give the reader
and student a further Idea of the richness
of the field, and. possibly, to lead him to
independent excursions in it.
XXVI.
(Second Paper.)
Note^ — This paper by Dr. W. J. Rolfa
will be concluded on next Thursday.
cence?
We. Hermia, like- two artificial gods.
Iiave with our ne*l<3« created both ©n» flower.
Both on one sampler, sitting 1 on one cushion.
Both warblinff of one son*, both In on* key;
As if onr hands, our sides. Toieea and mlnda.
Had b«t^n incorporate. So we grew together.
Like to a double cherry, seeming- parted:
But yet a union In partition.
Ttto lovely berries molded on one stem:
So. with two seeming bpdie«, but one heart:
Two of the first, ltke roats In heraldry.
Due but to one. and crowned with one CTest.
And will you rent our ancient love asunder.
To Join with men in scorning your poor
friend r #
Later in the same scene she says to
Demetrius of the same friend: "She was a
vixen when she went to school."
In "Measure for Measure." when Lucto
asks Isabella If. Juliet 13 her cousin, sin
replies:
"Ai'eptedly: a» schonlmalds change their names
• By vain though apt affection."
ably learned at home rrtth the help of a
"hornbook." such as he> refers to In
"Love's Labor's Lost. 1 * where- Moth says
of Holofernes, '"he teaches boys the horn
book." This wss the primer of the time*
and consisted of a single leaf, about three
Inches by two in size, set in a wooden
frame and covered! with a thin plat« of
horn, whence it pet its name. On the leaf
was the alphabet, large and small, with
a list of the vowels, a strtrff of easy mon
osyllables for spelling (ab. *?b. Ih. etc> and
the "Lord's Prayer." The alphabet. wa«
prefaced by a cross, from which It was
called the "Christ-cross row." corrupted
into "criss-cross row," or "crossrow," as
in "Richard III," where Clarence says of
Richard:
He hearken3 after prophecies a nd dreams.
And from the orosu-row plucks the letter O.
And lays a wizard told him that by G
His Issue disinherited should be.
Instead of a hornbook William may
nave had an "A B C book." which often
including: a catechism, to which there u an
allusion in "King John":
"I shall beseef-h you"— that Is question now:
And then rcmes answer like an Abaey book.
, '"Absey" is 6ne of many old spellings for
In his first lemons in Latin William
doubtless used the "Accidence." a stand
ard book of the times. The examination of
Master Page by the Welsh parson and
pedagogue. Sir Hush Evans, in "The Mer
ry Wives" is taken almost verbally from
tnis manual. This was followed by Lil
ly's Latin grammar, rirst published in
Iol3. and used in English schools for more
than three centuries. A quotation from
Terence In '.The Taming of the Shrew'"
("Redime te captum." etc.) is given in tha
modified form in which it appears in this
grammar.
Shakespeare has many allusions to tha
Latin authors he read in school, particu
larly to Ovid and Virgil. Holofernea
quotes "the good old Mantuan." as he
calla him. who is not Virgil, as Mr. An
drew Lang assumes in an artlcie in Har
per's Magazine »May. 1*33), but Baptlsia
Mantuanus, or Giovanni Battista Spas
nuoli (or Spagnoli>. who. like Virgil, wa*
born at Mantua. He was the author of
sundry Latin ecJogues, which were then
much read in schools. Other bits of Lat
in in the pedantic talk of Holofernes .ar«
from Lilly's grammar and other school
books of the time.
Playing truant Is no modern vice of
schoolboys. Jack Falstaff in '1 Henry
IV," asks, "Shall the blessed sun of heav
en prove a mlcher and eat black
berries 7" "Mlcher," or "moocher." is now
obsolete, but it is defined In a contempo
rary dictionary thus: "Moocher. a tru
ant; a blackberry moucher. A boy who
plays truant to pick blackberries."
Of the education of elrls. except by pri
vate tutors, in the Elizabethan age. It Is
difficult to get any definite information.
Neither Ascham nor any other writer of
this time to whom I have been able to
refer has anything to say on the sub
ject, .and modern writers on the history
of education are equally silent. Dr. Fur
nivall. in the introduction to his edition
of the "Babees Book." shows that. In tna
time of Henry VIII. Rirln had the legal
right to attend the grammar schools, but
neither he> nor Dr. Furness can refer rn*
to any e%-idence that girls availed them
selves of the privilege, and I do not be
lieve that they did. There must, how
ever, have be>en schools in which they wer©
taugnt needlework, music and probably
other feminine accomplishments. Shakes
peare has two pleasing allusions to school
girl friendships, which seem to have b*«en
as warm ami sentimental as nowadays.
In the. "Midsummer Night's Dream" He
le:.a says to Hermla:
"Is all the coanscl that w» two hava ¦har'a.
The sisters' vows, the hours that w» hav«
spent.
When ve have chid the hasty-footd time
For parting us— O! la all forgot?
All schooldays* friendship, childhood inno-
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
SAILED.
Sunday. January 27.
Stmr Mattewan, . Croscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Btmr Jeanie, Mason, Seattle.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Navarro. Green, Point Arena,
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom. .
Stmr Luella. Madsen . !
Ftr shin Sokoto, Crosby, Queenstown.
Bark CD Bryant, Colly. Honolulu.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel. Bihlers Point. *
Schr Jennie Stella. Krebs. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan. 27—10 p. m.— Weather
haz>, wind northeast; velocity S miles,
j DOMESTIC PORTS. '
EUREKA- Arrived Jan 27— Stmrs Brunswick.
Eureka and Samoa, hence Jan '6
REDONDO — Arrived Jan 26-Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Jan 27— Sehr Oceania
Vance, from Port Hadlcck.
PORT TOWNSEND-Pastfd In Jan 27— Br
stmr Arab, from Manila.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 26-Stmr Rainier, for
New Whatc.om.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 27— Br stmr Caith
ness, from Port Ludlow. Sailed— Stmr Ameri
can, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN FORTS. *
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Jan 26-Nor stmr Ber
genhus. for Pan Diego and San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Arrived Jan 27-Stmr La Gas
cosne. from Havre. Sailed— Stmr Hawaiian,
for San Francisco and Honolulu.
SOUTHAMPTON* — Arrived Jan 27 — Stmr
Noordland, from IJew York, for Antwerp, and
proceeded. .
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived Jan 27-Stmr Snx<v
nla. from Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
Satied— Stmr I-mania. from Liverpool, for New
York.
Sunday, January 27.
Ptmr *Soyo, Johnson. 15 hours from Fort
Brassr.
Ptmr Gipsy, Iceland, 20 hours from Moss
Landinr-
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. 69 hours from Vic
toria and Puret Bound.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 60 hours from New
port <S.). '
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 40 hours from Pan
Dlezo.
¦ Nor stmr Tltanla. Kgenes. 92 hours from Na
nalmo.
Aus etmr Federlca. Inavelch, 47 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 27 days. .
Br stmr Wyefield. Cartmer, 40 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 32 days.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, 4 days from Oyster
Harbor.
fitmr San Pedro, Jahnsen. 24 hours from Eu
reka. ,
Stmr Luella, Mndsen. 42 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Banta Cruz, fHlnkle. 2S hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Lakme, Schage, 49 hours from San
Pedro.
Tu«- G«nj R Cnrborgr. Loll. 5 days from Ne
halem. with barge C H Wheeler in tow.
Schr Esther Buhne. Olsen, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. .
B»nw C H "Wheeler. 5 Anyn from Xehilem.
Shipping Merchants.
ARRIVED.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Kosmos Linjr Arrives.
The German steamer Sesostris made
port yesterday. On this occasion she did
not etop at San Diego, but came direct
from Mazatlan. The run was made In
good time, and the through freight is
very heavy. There were a few passengers,
but at every stoppii% place the Sesostris
discharged and loaded a cargo, and that
Is what pays expenses..
Among those who came up on tho
steamer was Walter Muller Hartung. a
famous German tenor, who Is making the
round trip for his health. Perry M. de
Leon. United States Consul General at
Guayaquil, was also a passenger.
The schooner Esther Buhne made port
ypsterday afternoon after being within
sight of the lightship for several days.
Her Pifcter boat, the Mary Buhne, nearly
lost three of her crew in a gale.^and had
to put back in distress. The Mary took a
tow and got back in a hurry. The Esther
took her chances, and remained outside for
fifty-six hours.
Two of the Buhnes.
Accidents on the Front,
Mike Hall was on the front yesterday
trying to shoot seagulls with an air gun.
While loading the weapon It went oft. and
the bullet carried awaythe top of his in
dex finger. He was treated at the Harbor
Hospital by Dr. Irones.
Charles Johnson, an emplove on the
steamer St. Paul, fell down a flight of
stairs on the vessel yesterday and broke
his leg. He was treated by Dr. Irones at
the Harbor Hospital.
J. C. Kitchen, master, steam and pall, unlim
ited, any ocean; W. £>. Watson, master, steam,
over ...» tons, any ocean; S. t.\ Mitchell, mas
ter, sail over 700 tons, any ocean; Ol« Boiling,
chief mate sail, also eecond mate steam, un
limited, any ocean: W, H. Meyers, chief mate
s&II. also second mate* steam, unlimited, any
?- P * an: G - E - Wormsley, chief mate, steam.
i.M tons, any ocean; H. H. H. Bune, chief
nate sail, also second mate steam, unlimited,
any ocean: S. A. Mansfield, chief mate sail
find second mate steam, unlimited, any ocean;
Richard Seheller. chief mate sail and second
niate steam, unlimited, any ocean;. G. W. An
derson, second mate, steam, any ocean, un
limited; E. Jensen, second mate, steam, any
ocean, unlimited; Benjamin K. Gage, second
mate, steam, any ocean, unlimited; Robert
Judson, second mate, steam, unlimited, any
ocean; George L. Burne.s. second mate, steam,
unlimited, any ocean; Oskar Landahl, second
mate, steam, unlimited, any ocean; ' E. O.
Hellston, sicond mate, steam, unlimited, any
ocean: Charles R. King, first-class pilot, 350
tons, San Francisco Bay and tributaries.
The following graduates of McNevln
Bros.' Navigation School have been grant
ed licenses by the United States Inspectors
of Hulls and Boilers:
Have Secured Licenses.
There is a hot fight In progress on the
water front. The Pilot Commissioners
and the pilots are at outs, while the Har
bor Commissioners are up in arms. Gov
ernor Gage and "Charley" Pratt, the
"whale-oil politician," are hand and
glove.
The Governor has discovered that there
is no use for the Pilot Commission, and
that it should be merged into the Harbor
Commission. Pratt has discovered that
n*» wants to succeed Major Harney as
Harbor Commissioner, and if the scheme
goes through all his friends would take
orhce. With the advent of Pratt on the
Harbor Commission things would, of
course,, swing into Republican line. The
H£ mocrats have had four years of
office, and next March it comes
fjesident Kilburn's turn to rule.
\\ ith Pratt on the board and the Pilot
Commission abolished, the p'ower being
transferred to the Harbor Commissioners,
there is going to be trouble somewhere.
I tie pilots have some say In the matter,
however, and they will H«ht to the end
against the adoption of the proposed stat
ute.
m
THREE TRANSPORTS ARRIVE.
All Are Freight Boats and Will Be
Soon Released.
The chartered transports Federlca,
Wyefield and Westminster all arrived from
the Philippines yesterday. The Westmin
ster and Federtca left Nagasaki on Decem
ber 2*. but the Britisher Deat the Austrian
nearly fourteen hours Into port. The Wye
fleld was about three days longer than the
others in making the run. All three steam
ers will be released by Uncle Sam. and
the chances are they will go Into the coast
trade. .
"I believe that air religions teach men
to be good. If every man would really
try to act up to the doctrines enjoined by
his religion the world would be far bet
ter. It would be well If priests and cler
gymen, of every faith and creed would do
their best to promote this desirable end.
Thus the words of Confucius will be ful
filled. 'Let us all live in peace as broth
ers.' ".
"It seems strange that some clergymen
should resent any attempt to compare
Christianity with any other systems of
belief while they themselves do not scru
ple to attack other religions. In other
words, they do just what they do not
want others to do. Since my address on
Confucius was delivered I have seen Con
fucianism condemned right and left. It
has been called a failure; it has been
dubbed 'effete,' 'vague.' ! 'unworthy of
attention,' "rotten to the core,' 'tottering
to Its fall' and the like. I do not, how
ever, quarrel with' those who apply such
opprobrious epithets to our creed. If Con
fucianism were as bad as its detractors
try to make it out to be it Is strange that
after twenty-tour centuries It should be
able to count millions and millions of peo
ple as its adherents. The noble and sub
lime teachings of Christianity need not
fear criticism, much less friendly com
parison. ¦ . ;
Philadelphia, Jan. ~27.-wu Ting
Fang, China's Minister Plenipotentiary to
the United States, to-day replied to his
critics In the course of s. lecture on "Con
fucius and Menicus," delivered before the
Society on Ethical. Culture at Horticul
tural Hall. Every available inch of both
seating and standing ro >m was occupied
by an audience attracted by the protest
and criticism raised by Minister Wu's re
cent utterances in New York City on the
subject of Christianity." The Chinese Min
ister's statements were, however, ex
tremely conservative. Burns Weston, di
rector of the society. Introduced Minister
\Vu, who said : ¦ ¦.
"Twenty-four centuries have rolled by
since Confucius walked, this earth. His
in_fluence is as greet to-day among his
country as it ever was bofore. Never was
his namg held In greater veneration thai-
It is now. Throughout the length and
breadth of tho Chinese Empire ever>
where are. temples erected to his memor>.
Every schoolboy acknowledges him as the
bupreme teacher of,the Chinese race. His
spirit pervades a nation of four hundred
millions and his word is recognized as law
to the most august Empeior on the throne
as well as to tne meaneit peasant at th*
plow. Thus Is Confueius enthroned In tne
nearts of his countrymen."
At the close of. his address the speaker
said: "I find that the address on Confu
cianism I delivered last month at Car
negie Hall in New York has attracted a
great deal of attention. It is a source of
gratification to me that the remarks made
on that occasion have elicited- comments
from tne American press which are gen
erally very favorable, and also expres
sions of approval from persons in differ
ent Darts of the country. But, on the
other hand, I have seen In the newspapers
sr me adverse criticism on my address
lrom a number of clergymen. But lest a
false impression may have gone forth in
regard 10 that address I take this oppor
tunity to say a few words about it by way
of explanation."
Minister Wu then quoted an extract
from' the sermon of the Rev. Dr. Way
land Hoyt of this city on Sunday, Decem
ber 16, In which - the latter spoke of 1.1
Hvpg Chang's high tribute to the work
cf the Christian missionaries in China
and asked what reply the Chinese Minis
ter couM make. ... ¦
"Dr. Hoyt has done me, though doubt
less unwittingly, a great injustice," con
tinued Wu Ting Fang. "Since he wants
a reply 1 have no hesitation in giving him
one. I indorse every word that Earl U
has said on the subject of foreign mis
sionaries as cited by thp doctor. 1o prove
that 1 am sincere in what I say, I beg to
refer the doctor to the address I delivered
in December last before the American
Academy of Polytechnic and Social Sci
ence in Philadelphia on the 'Causes of
the Unpopularity of Foreigners in China."
I suppose the doctor had not read that
address, or if he had read it he has for
gotten it. In any case I would not be
lieve that an eminent divine could be
capable of purposely misrepresenting me.
"Again, Dr. Hoyt, and. some other
clergymen from their addresses, seem to
think that I charged all missionaries with
crying out for vengeance. Let me read
the exact words I used:
*' 'Love your enemy Is Christ's com
mand, but at this moment some Christian
missionaries are crying out for vengeance
and bloodshed.' Note that I used the
word 'some*.
• "I am inclined to think the reason why
some clergymen— and I am glad to say
that there are not many— took off«nse at
what I said In my address on Confucian
ism is that I topk the liberty of institut
ing a comparison between .Confucian-
Ism and Christianity, which they supposed
: was done to the disparagement of the lat
ter. There was certainly no Intention on
my part to make an attack upon Chris
tianity. Surely it is no discredit to say
that Christianity is too high and ele
vated fqr frail humanity and that all
Christians are not acting up to Its tenets,
just as it is no disgrace to acknowledge
that the Confucianists in China do not
live up to the teachings of Confucius.
Thinks It Strange Clergymen Should
Attack Other Beliefs, Yet Resent
Criticism of Their Own
. . Creed. s ; .
Says'Not All Christians Live
Up to the Tenets of
Their Religion.
WU TING FANG
SCORES CRITICS
Few Comforts and No Luxuries for the
Middle Classes in the Days
of Shakespeare.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Bill Aimed Against the Pilot Commis
sion Is Said to Be a Pet Measure
of the Governor.
"FRONT" IS EXCITED
OVER PROPOSED LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,, JANUARY 28, 1901.
TO SAIL.
No extra . charge i Is made ¦¦ for i rldlnr on > the
California Limited of the Santa Fe. although
the «uperlorlty of the ¦ service Is really worth
California j Limited.
7
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jnunary 28.
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
\V. H.' KrugcT Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 13
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 12 m I'MSS
G. Wi Elder.. Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
ilnnnnry 20.
St. Paul N*. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
January :?<>.
Qu«>n San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Arca * a y Coos Bay 12- m Pier 13
Pan Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
January 31.
Walla Walla. Puset Sound Ports. 11 am Plur 9
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
February 1.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Mandalay Coqullle River Pier 2
February 2.
Maripcsa.'.... Honolulu '.'.'..'. '2 pro Pier ,7
Columbia..... Australia & Ptlnd. 11 am Pier 24
Carlisle City.. China and Japan.. 10 am S \V 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
ifDue.
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 28
Crescent City.. Crescent City i.: Jan. 28
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 2S
Washtenaw Taeoma/. ¦ ; j a n. 2$
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 28
Curacao Mexican Porte Jan. 28
Progreso Tacoma Jan. 28
Argo.... Coqullle River "... Jan. 29
Mandalay. Coquille River Jan. 23
Eureka Humboldt Jan 29
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 30
Columbia.; Portland and Astoria... Jan. 30
Mexico Mexican Ports :....: Jan. 30
Corona Newport Jan. 3ft
New-burg Ventura Jan. 30
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 31
Santa Rcsa San Diego j an . 31
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan 31
Carlisle City.... China via San Diego. Jan. 31
Pomona Humboldt Jan 31
Umatilla. Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 1
North Fork Humboldt Feb 1
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Feb". 1
Czarina.......... .Seattle and. Tacoma.... Feb. 2
Doric .China and Japan........ Feb •
Australia Tahttl : Feb. 2
ri Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. J FU
9 H W L. W H W L W
28 ... 5:87 6.9 12:44 0.3 7:J4 4.0 .."
L W H \V L W H W
M... 0:00 2.7 6:31 6:0 1:48 —0.1 8:49 4.1
30 ... 1:10 2.9 7:31 6.1 2:45—0.4 9:48 4.5
8X ... 2:11 3.8 8:31 8.2 3:37—0.6 10:37 4 7
1 ... 3:10 2.S 9:25 6.1 4:20—0.7 11:20 5.0
2... 4:00 2.7 10:16 6.1 5:00-0.6 11:5S 5.1
3 ... 4:4S 2.4] 11:03) 6.0 6:36—0.4.'....
ri Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. J FU
9 H W L. W H W L W
28 ... 5:87 6.9 12:44 0.3 7:J4 4.0 .."
L W H \V L W H W
M... 0:00 2.7 6:31 6:0 1:48 —0.1 8:49 4.1
30 ... 1:10 2.9 7:31 6.1 2:45—0.4 9:48 4.5
8X ... 2:11 3.8 8:31 8.2 3:37—0.6 10:37 4 7
1 ... 3:10 2.S 9:25 6.1 4:20—0.7 11:20 5.0
2... 4:00 2.7 10:16 6.1 5:00-0.6 11:5S 5.1
3 ... 4:4S 2.4] 11:03) 6.0 6:36—0.4.'....
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jnunary 28.
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
\V. H.' KrugcT Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 13
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 12 m I'MSS
G. Wi Elder.. Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
ilnnnnry 20.
St. Paul N*. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
January :?<>.
Qu«>n San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Arca * a y Coos Bay 12- m Pier 13
Pan Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
January 31.
Walla Walla. Puset Sound Ports. 11 am Plur 9
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
February 1.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Mandalay Coqullle River Pier 2
February 2.
Maripcsa.'.... Honolulu '.'.'..'. '2 pro Pier ,7
Columbia..... Australia & Ptlnd. 11 am Pier 24
Carlisle City.. China and Japan.. 10 am S \V 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
ifDue.
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 28
Crescent City.. Crescent City i.: Jan. 28
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 2S
Washtenaw Taeoma/. ¦ ; j a n. 2$
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 28
Curacao Mexican Porte Jan. 28
Progreso Tacoma Jan. 28
Argo.... Coqullle River "... Jan. 29
Mandalay. Coquille River Jan. 23
Eureka Humboldt Jan 29
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 30
Columbia.; Portland and Astoria... Jan. 30
Mexico Mexican Ports :....: Jan. 30
Corona Newport Jan. 3ft
New-burg Ventura Jan. 30
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 31
Santa Rcsa San Diego j an . 31
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan 31
Carlisle City.... China via San Diego. Jan. 31
Pomona Humboldt Jan 31
Umatilla. Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 1
North Fork Humboldt Feb 1
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Feb". 1
Czarina.......... .Seattle and. Tacoma.... Feb. 2
Doric .China and Japan........ Feb •
Australia Tahttl : Feb. 2
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYOiiNlAisE
STEAMERS -WTLL, LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan utreetii, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India. «tc. No cargo received on board on day
of calling. '
8S. NIPPON MARU :
...¦ Tuesday, February 1>, 1M1
SS. AMERICA MARH.... Friday. March IS. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU ."
Tuesday, April 9. 1301
Round-trip tickets si reduced ratef. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market *tre»t. corner Flr»t.
W. H. AVERT. O-neral Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITCW 70RK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABI3.
Stopping Rt Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Kvery Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York ..Feb. HfN'ew York... — Feb. J7
Kennlnirton Feb. 131 Vaderland ....March 8
St. Louis ...;... Feb. 201 St. Louln...~. March 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York • Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Wenternland '-••Feb. « Frleeland .......Feb. 27
Kensington Feb. 13 South wark ...March S
Noordland ......Feb. W WesternlandV.March-13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS D. TAYLOR. ;;
. ' ¦ . - ' General Asrent Pacific Coast. 1 .
. 20 Montromery street, v
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANBATLASTIQUE.
DIRKCT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. KWMa&fi
FallinK every Thurnjay, instead ot s^g^SSi
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 4S.
North River, foot of Morton street. Firsts clasg
to Havre. $35 and upward. Second claw to
Havre. J45 and upward.- GENERAL AOENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND > CANADA. 82
Broadway (Hudson building),- New York. 13.
F. FUQAZI ft CO., Pacific » Coast : Agents, '5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. ; Tickets
•old by all Railroad Ticket "A B-enti".
BAY AND -KIVEB j STEAMERS. "
FQR'U. S.i NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
. ' Stea""--»" "'"'iftlcolio.'"
MON.. Tues.. Wed., . Thurs. and Sat at 9:45
a. ra., 3:1£, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
day 1. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sunday*. 10:30 a. m., 8
p- m. Landing and offlce. MlFelon-atreet Dock,
PUr No. 1 TelCDbona Ma.ln.U0S., '. ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
Beginning TO-NIGHT. j
M&nafers Wei-er.hali & Kemper present j
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYN KIDDER,
And a fur*rb company In a stupendous sc«nlc
production of
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Magntflcent prenery and electrical effect*.
Grand chorus and tplondid ballet; The famous
M^ni^'PRrvf a rnutlc •nlth especially composed
cumtwrs by Maxim <!<¦ Groei.
PRICES— ?1 if'. SI. 75c, 50f, 35c and J5c.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS.
EVEX1XGS at 6. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
By the Authors of "Robin Hood."
Next— Flanfjuetf's Or»at Comic Opera,
•NELL GWTONE."
POPULAR PRICES 25 and tO cenU
T?W>h<->n*— Bush 3.
TO-NIGHT— FUN FOR ALL!
William Gillette's Comedy.
/\ L.L. THE Bound
COMFORTS &1-
OF HO ME I
MATINEES SATVBOAT AND EUNDAT.
¦>C«»xt welt— EnRasMnmt of JOS. KILGOUR,
rben will be Ereynted E. R. Willard's suc-
:«.-=*, "jr-DAH."
ORANB 1 OPERA MOUSE
MATINEE SATUBDAY AND SUNDAY.
THIS EVENING,
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
run g*!*:ate5t living irish comedian.
Jn IV*Tj<-!cault"s Famous IriFh Drama,
ARRAH-NA-POGUE
PRICES— 1<*. 15r. 25c, E'Vc.
A fe-rr front rows tn orchestra. 75c.
Oood reserved Feat, In orchestra at all matl-
ttcr, T-c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emnorium.
BELASCO A"° THAL£$jfe£ft&
Phone South ?>33.
KOTT THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
Every Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Superb Prorfuctir.n of D'Ennery'"
Famous Drama.
A CELEBRATED CASE!
ONE OF THE GREATEST ROMANTIC
DRAMAS EVER WRITTEN.
Beautiful Pcnerj 1 . Kirn Costumes'. Powerful
Cast!
First Appearance In Years of the Popular Irish
Com«w!lBn. JAMES M. WARD.
nnirCC Ev»nini»s 10c, 15c, 25c, 3Rc, Me
IftllLJ Matinees 1Oc> 15^ 2 5c
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
esmeraldaT
the alcedos;
WM. DB BOE;
ORO, BERNARD & ORO;
BERT SVVOR ;
MLLE. ALCEDO;
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Thursday Night, the Amatenrs
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS. PARK St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TAXFORAN PARK— THIRD MEETINO. .
Monday, January 21. to Saturday, February
i, Inclusive.
BIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Elx Btafce Events, Three IJuraia lUcet and
Etx Steeplechases.
FIRST R---CE OF THE DAY AT S:10 P. M~
Trains lea.v« Thlrt and Towns»n<J streets for
Tanferaa Park at 7, 10:49. 11:80 a. m., L 1-30
aad 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
Kan Ft*--'-- - «* 4:15 p. m.. followed after tha
last rac* «t Intervals of a few minutes by sev-
eral epwials. Seats In roar rars reserved for
ladies and their escorts. Admission to course,
laclufiiaj: railroad fare, fl.S.
MILTO.V 6. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWAHD POWER. Racing Secretary.
Ff^CHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
N«ro. FVancee Hardlnir. Fairbanks Brothers.
Hfcnlcn and Sinirer. ' Ida. Ilowell. Waterman
E!Ftcr», Little Alma Wuthrich. Hal Conlett,
Ahem and Patrick and HlnricbB* Orchestra.
Reserved fceau 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HiLL.
TWO BOER WAR TALKS.
By War • Correspondent ARCHIBALD,
TTrUR- c DAT. January SI. and SATURJOAT.
February 2. at *:«. Bale at Bherman, Clay &
Co.'h. UMetday morning:.
Nothing destroys tho nervous strength or saps the system of
its energy and vital power more surely and steadily than chronic or
lingering diseases and the worry and pain that accompany them. 1
Headache, backache, indigestion, heart pains, neuralgia, rheu-
matic troubles and insomnia bring nervous prostration and wast-
ing diseases. Recovery begins "when the nerve-force is strength?*
ened, the resistive power increased and the lost energy restored
• : •¦; 'i ;- ""Alter having suffered for twenty years from sleep-
lessness, dizzy spells, nerrousness and loss of energy, dur-
ing which time I tried many physicians, I have afc last
found a cure. A few bottles of Dr. Miles' Nervine madp
my mma perfectly clear, my nerres 6teady, brought
tweet sleep and restored me to perfect health. Although
forty-nve years old I feel as vigorous as I did at twenty."
A. M. Paxkee, Kew Grand Chain, Ilia.
Is a nerve tonic a nd strengthener. It Is food for the over-
taxed and weak digestion, and It restores lost energy and
builds up the system to resist attacks of disease.
Sold by druggists on a guarantee. Db. Mass Moia&it Cow, THMrartj TA&
AMUSEMENTS.
GREATEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW EVER IN
• RAX FRANCISCO.
THE NINE NnLSONS.
LIZZIE AND VINIE DALY. FOT AND
CI^RK. LEAMER SISTERS. MONTMAR-
TROIS TRIO. WARREN AND BL.ANCH-
ARD. HACKER AND LESTKR, SWIGETTE
AND CLARK.
Third and Final Week of
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS.
n#s«>rvp<l p*at!>. J5c: balcony, 10c: opera
chairs and box peats, .w.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
LAST^VVEEK OF
MRS. FISKE
In the play in four acts, entitled,
"BECKY SHARP."
(Founded on Thackaray's "Vanity Fair.")
LAST "BECKY SHARP" MATINEE SAT-
URDAY.
MONDAY. FEB. 4.
MHS. FISKE in »TESS OF IHE D'OHBEBflLlES,"
Seats on sale Thursday morning.
Alf EllinEbouse Prop, and Manager'-
Phone South 770.
TO-NIGHT.
The I.ausrhlnjr Festival— Fast and Furious.
Every Evening this week is a Jolly CARNI-
VAL. NIGHT
With Those Funny Fellows.
US— H A N D S O M K GIRL S— 23.
MURRAY AND MACK
And their Jolly company of V) Girls and
Boys — 40, in the very best of musical ex-
"SHOOTINg'tHE CHUTES"
"NTFF SAID."
Eve— 25c» 35c. 50c and 75c
Mat— 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
Ne-!tt Sunday Afternoon— Wm. A. Brady's
•rrar.d production. "THE SORROWS OF
SATAN."
SALE OF SEATS
Begins This Morning at 9.
A'l SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S STORE
for th«
HENSCHEL
GRAND VOCAL and MUSICAL RECITALS.
To be Given in February,
At METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» ' Steamers leave Broadway
Ifct^ wharf, San Francisco.
fsfljy^- For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
RgSSSh; .'an. :6, 31, Feb. 5. Chance to
K&SffwjdMh. company's steamers at Seattle.
|J£ ijjSljSjSj for Victoria. Vancouver <B.
i rti^V'^84 c -)- P° rt Town«end, Seattle.
tJftS JfaggSeni Tacoroa, Everett, Anacortes
r anfl New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., Jan. 26, SI. Feb. S.
and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle for this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
O T* Py
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Jan^.28,
Feb. J. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
ge]» g )_Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For ?anta Cruz. Monterey. Ban Simeon, Cay-
uccs. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavl-
ota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport— Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.:
steamer Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a.m.
For Eneenada. Ma*daJena Bay, San Jo*« d«l
Cubo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa«. Banta Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 n.m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
eteamerB. sailing dates and hours of Balling,
•without T>r«vloii* notice.
TICKET OKKIf'E— 4 New Montgomery
street ( Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. On. Agts..
10 Market nt.. Sun Francisco.
•THE 0. R.~& II. GO. •
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
C» DC $12 First Class Including Berth
I HllL $8 Second Class ar>d Aleals.
OEO. W. ELDER Sail* Jan. 38
COLUMBIA Satis Feb. 2
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butts,
Helena and all points in the Northwest
Through tickets to all points Eaet.
E. C. WAltD, General Atrent.
830 Market st.
V VVuEt'v OaO*Vtl. Z"tAND no SYDNEr,
• DIEtCT LINE 10 TAHITI
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February 2. 2 p. ra
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. ...:.........„.
Friday. February 8. 4 n m
SS. VENTCRA. for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. February 13, at 9'p. m
I B.SPEECKLS k BEDS. CO., General Agsnts. 327 Market St
Ba'l Pagengsr Otfia, 643 Markrt St., Fkr la. 7, Pacific St
PANAMA 1R.S5S'
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S. S. .ST. PAUL sails January 29.
S. S. ABGYIiL sails February 5.
S. S. BOANOKE sails February 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at 2 p. m .
Frelgrnt and passengrer office. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAK NAVIGATION CO. AND
C0KPA5IA SOD AMERICANA SE VAP0KEB
To Valparaiso, stopping: at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From foot of Fre-
mont street. Saillne:
8. 8. GUATEMALA... February 7, 1901
8. S. PALE.VA . February M. 1901
b. 8. Colombia: i March 7. im
B. 6. TUCAPEL ............March 20. 1901
These steamers are built expreasljr for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.'
(No change at Acapuico or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce. 21« California street.
BAXtf-OUR, GCTHJUn * CO.. Xsranta.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
TODAY AND
TO-MORROW.
We Vacate January 29th.
GREATEST BARGAINS EVER
KNOWN IN THESIS FINE GOODS.
MEXICAN STORE,
114 STOCKTON ST.
Fire Opals Jewelry . Fine Carved
Turquoiso Curios Leather Goods
Sapphires Linen Drawn Work Purses
Emeralds Indian Baskets Cigar Cases
Rubies Mexican Figures
Not cheap goods at m low price, but thr finest goods at
astonishingly last-chance prices.
LADIES' BELTS FROM T5c to 61. Re£u'ar Price $2.¦ Makes Peaceful Proposal.
LIMA. Peru.Jan.27.-It Is reliably as
eerted that Chile made new peaceful prop
osltlons to Bolivia on" very favorabU
bases, and that^Bolivia la disposed toac
cept-thenv ~ -
GOVERNMENT SEIZES V:
THE GUNS OF SOC7IALISTS
Plan of a Paris Journal to Sell. Arms
to Its Subscribers Is Frus- K ¦
. ¦ -': -/¦"•.'¦.¦¦
¦ PARIS, Jan.' 27.'— Recently, t« Petit Sou,
a Socialist Journal, announced that It was
prepared to Bell [guns ; 'to \ Its subscribers
at a veryl moderate ."' figure.* v being ¦ per-'
suaded that an armed nation- was indis
pensable ; to the welfare . of. the republic
and the country. The Government watch •
ed the proceedings for.^a week, v finally
decided that a depot of arms was not safe
In the hands of those • who . are : only • too
willing to attempt* a coup u d'etat,, 'and
selxed tht entire lot.". "' ¦_,,/. ..;. ,
NORTHEEN COAX DISTRICT
V : -,V"S' :'."¦..'. TO BE FULLY; TTBDI UP
At a Mass-Meeting 'of Miners It Is
¦ Decided That the Strike Shall ;
u Bs.Creneral. >
ERIE, Colo.',' Jan. 27.— At a mass-meet-
ing of " miners employed in ; the northern
coal district: to-day It wis decided that
all the men who have been at work in the
mines that had granted the Increase de
manded , by the strikers should quit work
to-morrow and-remain out until a settle
ment Is • reached .with . the . Northern | Coal
Company and • the . Increase ¦ demanded . is
granted to all miners tn this district. i
Severaltof the mines. independent of the
Northern Coal Company had conceded the
demands of , the men,' and the latter, with
the consent of President Mitchell of the
United Mine Workers of America, had re
sumed work. ' It .was 1 at first decided at
the meeting to-day . to. allow, the then ex-
Istlng- conditions to 'continue, but the ac
tion was reconsidered . and the decision | to
call out all the miners of the district was
reached. ' This will effect the most" com
plete i. tie-up, this r -'district' has .ever, expe-'
rienced. . .? A : representative • of * President
Mitchell .will arrive here on, Tuesday next,
.when another. meeting will' be held. ;
FINALS IN OLYMPIC
HANDBALL .TOURNAMENT
Ctu twilght Defeats James and B,usa
Puts Out Strong Man
Butz.
By far the most interesting and excit
ing of all the matches In the Olympic
Club handball tournament were those
played yesterday afternoon on the club
court between Henry Kuss and Fred Bu.z
and George James and James Cartwrieht
These four players have reached the n
nalB and the contest is now narrowed
down to the best of the second class play
era. •
Run defeated Butz In two close games
each point being a battle ln Itself. ..The
ecore was 21-16 and 21-17.
The second match, that between James
anJ Cartwrlght. was Just what was ex
pected by the crowd that packed both
tne galleries of the court. Cartwrignt
won the first set, 21-13. but was defeated
in the second set by a score of 12-21. The
third set tried the mettle of both players.
Cartwrlght won out after some very flno
and close playing, 21-16.
On Tuesday night Cartwrlgnt will meet
Rvi«s, and If he should win this match
will be the champion of thn class an J
•winner of the tournament James, Butz
and Ros« will have to flght It out then
for positions.
Former Inmates 'of ' Jthe ' Mexican
' Prison Are Betaken by Force y
': >a :' ' ". '. ¦ V !<>£ \ Troops, v
'. "AUSTIN.' Tex.,- Jan*. 27.-^-A dispatch from
Acapulco, Mexico,- says: Ten more of the
prisoners '.who ; escaped y- from the - prison
castle ;{ of I San 4 Diego .at •: this place ; have
been •• captured on i the * mountain ; north of
Acapulco » and : brought* here. .This , whole
sale outbreak, of prisoners caused the
wildest" excitement 'in -'Acapulco.* About
flfty;of '.the; prisoners '.made a concerted
attack on the, armed. military. guard., over
powering them. -One of. the sentries sta
tioned • in ', another.; part of the . prison wit-'
nessed 'the escape and shot and killed
twelve of the tleeing prisoners. The oth
ers, were 'closely- followed- by a- force of
troops; • and =>' four ? more 'i. prisoners : were
overtaken near .town and also -shot and
killed;* , i: . ... ".. .. '"' ~ p.
TEN MOR.E ESCAPED
PRISONERS RECAPTURED
The Sansome-street commission mer
chants and the Washington-street variety
met ln baseball combat yesterday morn
ing on the Eighth and Harrison street
grounds. When the nine regular spasms
had been worked out the Sansomes
swelled their chests In demonstrations of
their mighty strength and cast evil eyes
upon their, rivals, for they had won out
by a score of 12 to 11.
Much money, sacks of potatoes, boxes
of fruit and packages of vegetables and
other things were bet on the game. When
the winning run was made the crowd was
frantic. With the baseball sacks clear
of human freight. Clarence Neuman lifted
the ball over the fence and scored a hom<»
run. Then the barkeeper waa kept busy
for a time and bets— some of them— were
paid.
The . Immortals of the batteries were:
Sansomes. C. J. Leccarl and J. D. Oon
dona; Washlngtons, George Webster and.
D. Smith. *
COMMISSION MEN PLAT
BASESAIX TEAT BTTRNS
•. . Hlt»'6.". Errors" 1.
: BatterleaH-Joneo «'and ? Mangerlna; . Salisbury
and Adams. ' .
' 8 AN BERNARDINO. Jan. 27.— The San
Bernardinos: defeated the.Maler &:Zobe
leins in. a game of baseball this afternoon
by a score of 9 to 3. • The, game was char
acterized by brilliant plays on the part
of both 'teams. "Brockhoff 's home run'ln
.the eighth Inning: bringing ln three runs,
and Jones' work tn the box. together with
all around close fielding were the striking
features of the game. San Bernardino's
heavy batters gave their opponents lively
work ln the field.- Score:
San Bernardino .....'v.l 9 2 1 »0 10 4 0-9
: • ': ' . Hit*. IS... Errors 0. /
Maler and Zobelelna.i.'.O 0 .0 0 13-0 0 0— J
San Bernardino Wins.
Other Handball Games.
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following contests were played yes
terday:
TV. Williams and I>. Connelly 21 21 21
E. McGlnty and M. Joyce 17 20 13
M. Dillon and G. Hutchlnson....21 19 21 IS 21
P. Kelly and W. Kelly IS 21 12 21 20
J Condon and W. F.'Stapff 21 ;21 14 18 21
G. B. Hay ward and W. Fisher.. 17 11 21 21 19
J. Glynn and E. White 21 IS 21
\V. Johnson and C. Lakln. .......;.... ..is "21 17
A. Jacoby and E. Lavene.....". 21 21 21
B. Myers and S. Wurkhelm 1J is 15
M. Levy and P. Ryan 21 13 21 IS 21
M. Basch and T. Foley 10 21 11 21 20
R. Murphy and Joe Collins 21 21 20 18 21
J. Rlordon and E. Curley........l7 19 21 21 18
J. Regll and O. Green ....i 21 21 21
Joe McGtnty and C. Smith 19 14 17
G. McDonald and M. McDonald 21 13 21
P. McKlnnon and'M. McNeil....... 18 21 t>
H. J. Rogers and K. J. Murphy.. ..21 H IS 15
R. Lon«abach and W. H. Sleberat.-17 IS 21 21
J. C. Neaton and R. L.Inehanl...n *1 13 15 21
A. Hamptonsand J. White.. ....16 M 21 a 17
WILKESBARRE , ' Pa. . • ' Jan. I 27.— The
anthracite coal operators, and .miners of
this section were much stirred. up to-day
by the report sent out from .Indianapolis
that the United Mine Workers, now hold
ing their national convention In that city,
had decided to Invite theoperators'of the
anthracite region to meet their miners in
conference and decide, upon a. new wage
scale which would call for an advance of
10 per cent over the wages paid at present.
Many think that this is a forerunner of
another strike in ; the hard coal regions,
as it is j believed the 'operators will . not
consent to meet, the miners ln conference.
Then if that were tho' ; only ¦ obstacle a
demand for a further Increase ¦ in wages
would probably be sure to bring about a
lockout. Nearly all the district leaders
of the United Mine s Workers r In the
Wyoming Valley are now in attendance
at the Indianapolis convention.- 1
Charles Train, a district organizer, said
to-night:' • - • ¦¦•• '"¦¦•¦ \r : r - ¦-¦.:¦ ; ;
"I believe the operators would meet the
men in conference. They are well' aware
that the men in the anthracite region aro
Just as well organized as tho miners in
the bituminous region and. that.it would
be useless for them to protest." .
A representative; of the big coal com
panies.- who declines to allow his name to
be used, said: . . , •'¦¦'¦ ¦ '". j
"I do not believe the operators will ever
consent to - meet the - miners ". in confer
ence." . '¦ ¦ -¦ ¦ ¦ - ; ¦¦.•¦." _;,-.:.:•
Request From the Miners for
a Conference With ¦
Operators.
MAY CAUSE BIG
COAL STRIKE
CTLASS TOURNAMENT
ON CALIFORNIA COURTS
Many Surprisss Were. Administered
to the Favorite Racket-
Wielderfi.
The preliminary rounds of the class sin-
gles tournament- of the California Tennis
Club were" played off yesterday on the
California courts. The unujually fine
weather broughtout all' the expert play
ers, and as a result the 1 entry' list was
large and the tennis high class. In al
most every match playfed there was at
least one deuce set and In many two and
three deuce vantage .sets were played.
Flay was completed in the first, third
and fifth classes; ln the second and fourth
classes the finals were not completed. R.
N. Whitney won the first class owing 10
the default of his brother. George. Ray
Cornell proved the winner of the third
class, while the fifth class honors went to
Richard Ersklne. A. Rosenberg and N.
Hodgkinson qualified for the finals in th*<*
second class. Paul Jones and Orvil Pratt
are the contestants in the fourth class.
The finals in this class were commenced,
but darkness Interfered after each player
had won a set, 6-*. • •
Throughout the day there were many
surprises, i especially ln the ; second class.
In this class Murdock, Collier and Smith
were the favorites, but all. three met de
feat at the hands of Hodgkinson and Ros
enberg, the clever young academic play
ers, ln the. first round Smith beat Mur
dock. the Alameda crack, the score bein<
8-6, 6-2. The next match,, between Collier
and Rosenberg, .was the most stubbornly'
contested match of the day. Rosenberg
surprised everybody by. winning. the first
set. 6-0, but Collier braced In the next se;
and finally pulled It out, ll-9. The third
and final eet was full of long and brilliant
rallies and was won by Rosenberg. 10-8. :
In the second round came the genuine
surprise of the day when Hodgkinson de
feated Smith in straight- sets, 8-6, 6-2. Al
though Smith was slightly off in his rarae,
Hodgkinson won on -.'his merits. The
former was unable to withstand tha
terrific smashing, and driving of his op
ponent. In this found' young Rosenberg
although completely pegged out, managed
to beat Johnson,* *-l, 4-6,- 6- L' In th« semi
finals of the second class Rosenberg again'
displayed his wonderful " staying powers
by b*ating Crowell in straight set3,
7-5, 6-3. . "x^""' . .
The only contestant* In the third class
were Ray Cornell and Duvai Moor.j.
Cornell, who played a very Bteady eamo,
won ln straight sets. 7-d, S-7.
In the first round 1 of the fourth clasV
Pratt beat Dr. Lane. 6-8., 7-5. 6-2; Jones
beat Fuller,. 6-1. 4-6..S-6.*. In the seconl
round Pratt beat Salisbury, 6-4, 4-6, 8-3,
and Jones -beat O'Brien,. 6-1. 4-6. 8-«l
There were only two. entries ln the fifth
class ln which Ersklne beat Kuehn rathe
casilv, the score: being 6-3. 6-4. The finals
of the second class will rb© played on
Saturday next and the . Interclass finals
on Sunday. .. - - . .;-,.- -.
SAUSAUTO GOLFERS
HOLD COMPETITIONS
Chenery Wins Driving Contest and
Major Draper Is Victor on
Putting Ore4zu
The competitions In driving 1 and ap
proaching for lady and gentlemen mem
bers of the Sausalito Golf Club, which
have been several times postponed on ac
count of bad weather, took place yester
day. The day was eminently suitable
for golfing, being warm and clear, with
scarcely any wind. For the driving com
petitions a portion of the course had been
cleared of thistles from the eighth teeinsr
ground ln the direction of the eighth
"green." Each competitor drove three
balls from a point a little to the right of
the teeing ground. The course within
which the balls must fall to score waa
marked by posts, which were placed on
each side at distances of 90 yards. 105
yards, 130 yards and 160 yards. A. ball
falling on the carry between the 90-yard
and the lC5-yard posts counted one point,
between the 105-yard and the 130-yard
posts two points, between the, 130-yartl
and the 160-yard po-ua three points, be
yond the 160-yard post four points.
The competition for men was won by
Leonard Chenery. who drove three long
and straight balls, scoring ten out of &
possible twelve points. .H. Rodman wai
second with eight points; W. Amea third
with seven points; R. \V. Mason fourth
with six points; T. W. M. Draper fifth
with five points; "U*. Horn sixth with four
points; J. M. Kilgraif and H. C. Miller
tielng with two points. F. B. Flndley and
C. H. Noble also competed.
The ladles drove from a point twenty
yards. nearer the first pair of posts, dis
tant seventy yards, the next pair being at
eighty-five yards, and the next at on*
hundred and ten yards. The competitors
were Miss Grace Martin. Miss Constanc*
Borrowe. Miss Marian Harrison and Miss
Elsa Draper. MI33 Grace Martin won
with a score of four points.
In the putting competition for men each
contestant putted four balls from any
point on the drcumferances of the third.
second: and first putting grounds, th»
strokes on all the grounds being added to
gether. Major T. W. M. Draper was first
with a score of 27 for twelve balls; C H.
Noble H.- Clay Miller and H. Rodman
tied with 28; Richard Sperry and W. Ames
holed out ln 29; J. M. Kilgralf In 30;
Leonard Chenery and \V. P. Horn In SI;
J. Lowl ln 34. and R. W, Mason tn 35.
In the ladies' competition ln putting.
Miss Elsa Draper and Miss Reed tied
with 31 strokes each: Miss Grace Martin
holed out in 23 and Miss Constance Bor
rowe and Miss Mat Ian Harrison in 34
each. The "greens" are of earth mixeil
with clay, and present a surface so rough
and untrue that putting is largely a mat
ter of luck, the ball in some instances
goinK some Inches wide of. or even beyon<l
the hole and rolling into it. In other cases
a ball bit true would go straight until
within a foot of the hole, where, en
countering a stone, it would be diverted
and require one of two more strokes to
hole out.
b™riHE headquarters staff and band
II of the naval militia continued the
I protested State revolver shoot of
JJL, 1900 at Shell Mound range yester
day. The shoot was held last
year under the direction of Inspector of
Rifle Practice Harris/but Lieutenant
Commander T. H. Nerney filed a protest
on the ground that Harris' is. not 'an of
ficer. Harris is a "gunner. in the naval
militia, and claims that as such he was
competent to inspect the shoot. His claim,
however, .was not allowed by Adjutnat
General Seamans, who - ordered another
shoot.
The scores yesterday were as follows:
Surgeon t. B. W. Leland.' 45; Surgeon Mor
rlssey, 45, 45; Gunner Harris, 43. 47, 45; W.
Mndecker, 30, SO; C. Southgate, 38, 84, 45, 29;
M. Hays. 29. 28, 22. 20;
• The fine weather drew an enthusiastic
crowd of marksmen belonging, to the va
rious shooting organizations. A constant
fusillade was directed toward. the targets
from early morning until darkness . shut
them from view. The scores of > the day
are:
Company J, First Regiment Infantry, ln first
monthly medal shoot: First- Sergeant Stolzen
wald 81, Sergeant Sheldon 1 39. Captain Maasberg
42, Private Dietrich 28. Private Enrenphort
23. Private Feutren 37. Private. Hall 35, Private
Kallm&nn 39, Private Ltngee 33, Private Leme
teyer 31, Private O'Neill 22, Private Seyden 34.
Private Schuira. 22. Private Sharp 41. Private
Wiseman 84, Private Ordway 21, Private Pitt
21. Private Just 23. ,- ¦
Company M, First Infantry Regiment, N. O.
C, in monthly competitive shoot: J. Dolan 40,
W. Wheeler 20. M. J. Lyons 30. W. Phillips 41.
J. H. Wheeling 13. Captain W. "Wall 28, Corpo
ral A. Sutherlan 22. Sergeant Noyes 37, W. H.
Splllman 37, First Lieutenant Collopy 33, Ser
geant F. Owens 34, Private L. Ayhnes 33.
Aroused From Sleep .He
Shoots One of the
Burglars.
Special IMspatch to The Call
VICTOR, Colo., Jan. 27.-An attempt to
rob the. Jewelry store of Joseph Bitterly,
In Goldfield, this morning was frustrated
by one of Mr. BItterly's sons, who shot
one of the robbers." ¦'
The burglars cut out a panel from the
back door of the Jewelry store, turned the
key In the lock and attempted to open the
door.' But a nightlatch near the top 're
sisted them. The noise aroused the two
Bitterly boys, who • were sleeping inside
and the younger, John Bitterly, a lad ot
12 years, fired three shots through the
door. At the third shot one of the bur
glars cried out. with pain and was heard
to fall off the porch. John Bitterly then
opened the door and saw three men run
ning away in different directions. One
was holding the side of his head. The boy
called to him to stop, but he only ran
faster. Then young Bitterly fired ¦ twice
at, the fleeing man, and the' second shot
caused him to 'cry out again. After day
light the fellow was tracked to the F; &
8. C. C. railroad trestle by a trail of blood
It is believed that a gang of six men had
planned a number of burglaries and hold
ups at Goldtteld, including the robDery of
Bitterly's store. ; :
and Captain Ludwig Siebe, proprietor of
the park, for the purpose of 'adopting
plans for the accommodation of visitors
who will accompany the shooters that
are to assemble here for the great tourna
ment In July. Captain Siebe submitted an
outline of a plan for remodeling the park,
the construction of new buildings, oavfl
ions, accommodations for committees and
press, emergency quarters in casts ut hc
cldent, new ranges with electrical and au
tomatic appliances and inanv- Improve
ments which; will make the park. equal to
the very best. for the purposes intended.
The committee instructed the architect to
draw plans In accordance with the sugges
tions made by Captain Siebe and the com
mittee and submit the drawings within
one month. Some of the alterations and
additions have been commenced.
The Southern Pacific Company has sent
word to President Attinger of the Nation
al Bund that Mr.< Donaldson has wired
from New Orleans saying that the chair
man of the Transcontinental Passenger
Association willT immediately publish a
circular announcing the Third National
Bund Shooting Festival to beheld at Shell
Mound Park, and for that occasion the
reduced rates offered for San Francisco
and return on account of the Epworth
League will apply with the same condi
tions and arrangements. -
Swiss Club Shoot.
At Harbor View Park yesterday the
Swiss Rifle Club held its regular monthly
shoot. The bullseye scooting resulted in
the following order: T. Croce, .F. Suter
Al Gehret, Ed Suter, J. .Leeman. w'.
Baumgarten, A. Suter, Charles Bachman
A. Von AVyl.
•Bie medal shooting resulted: Chamolon
G ehret, 424; first class, A. Stu
der, 3J1; second class, F. Suter, 357: third
class,' Charles Bachman, 349.
LAD FRUSTRATES
THREE ROBBERS
i TOPEKA, Kan., Jan. 27.— Mr*. Nation
addressed a large audience at th« Uplted
Brethren and First Christian churches lp
this city * to-night. She simply told the
story of her work and how she had come
to start on the crusade.
"It is a pleasure," Bhe said, "to speak
here. Usually I am prevented from talk
me by the proprietors : of these murder
ous whisky shops.
L "This issue In Kansas is 'down with
the whisky trust. 1 The best rocks to
throw are votes. We women cannot vote,
but you men with your ballots and we wo
men with our hatchets will clean .up th's
awful, traffic."
Mrs.. Nation will probably address the
meeting of the Kansas W. C.T.U. which
will be held here to-morrow. An attempt
Is also being made to have her speak. to
the Legislature on the subject of temper
ance. ¦•-¦ ..«*.... •. . -.-. .... '-•:«vs€3MWB
Mrs. Nation says she will not attempt
to break up the joints In Topeka single
handed, but If the women of/ the town
will aid her, she will start <Jut "Joint
smashing" to-morrow. . , •
Seeks Support of Women
of Topeka to Smash .
Saloons.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, ln monthly
medal shoot: Champion clans. William Kreutz
kamm 420; first class. Captain Han — Grleb 377:
second class, J. K. Mohr 344; third class, L.
Bernstein 310; fourth class. D. Tamke 290; best
first ehot, H. Schutt 25; best last shot. Captain
H. Grieb 24.
• Monthly bullseye shoot of the Red Men's
Schuetzen Club: First prize, C. Oldasr: second.
William Kruttzkamm: third. Captain Grleb
fourth. J. Ai Mohr; fifth. D. Tamke. '""¦: ¦¦'.• .
Monthly medal shoot of the Norddeutscher
,\ erein — First champion class-, not won; second
champion class,* not. won; »ftrst class,, D Sal
field, <C6; second class," not won; third claas.
Albert Meyer. 32?; fourth class, William Doell
300; best first shot, L. Urune, 22; .best last
shot. K. P. Schuster, 25.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, handicap
shoot— C.M. Henderson, 226, 226, 22L 224; A.
Gehret, 208. 211. . ;
Gold medal— C. XL. Henderson. 223. ;
Sliver medal— H. Hink-I. 202. : '
Pistol scores— A. B. Dorrell, S3; J. E. Gor
man. 92.
Revolver scores— M. J. White, 74; J. B.
German. 90.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln ln monthly
bullseye rhoot— John Gefken, 145: D. Salfleld
205; F. Koch, 276 r George H. Bahrs. 205; F.
T. SchURter. 407; A. Jungblut. 527: J. Horst
reann. 531: N*. Ahrens, M4: Gus Schulz. 559;
D. B. Faktor. 5S0; K. Wertheimer. 60S; H.
Ztcher. 633; F. Rust, 660; F. Brandt. 683- A.
F.' Meyer, 712; R. Stettin. 802; A. Bertelsen,
S57; D. Dunker. 90«;John Utschlg, 915; Dr.
F. H. Cranz, 940.
German Schuetzen . Club ln monthly bullseye
slioot— D. B. Faktor. 353; J. W. Goetze. 339; H.
Huber, 371; George Bahrs, 474; J. de Wit 4S2;
F P. Schuster, 600; F. Rust, B2J; J. Gefken.
668: C. • M. HendfMon. 733; William Doell. 776;
J. Utachlr. 869; J. Beuttler. 912.
Shooting Bund Note's.
The committee on park and grounds,
consisting of D. B. Faktor, Louis Haake,
F. P. Schuster. Joseph Straub and Cap
tain F. A: Kuhls, met at Shell Mound
Park yesterday with Architect D. Salfleld
MRS. NATION
ASKS FOR AID
SOME OF THE SHELL MOUND MARKSMEN AT WORK YESTERDAY PILING UP BIG SCOPES. KEEPING TAB
ON THE SCORES OF OTHERS AND OTHERWISE ENJOYING THE BEAUTIFUL WEATHER AT THE
RANGE ACROSS THE BAY. ... »
Fine "Weather Attracts Large. Representation
From German Shooting Organizations.
Many Amateurs Will Bevjl in tha
Fistic Sport During Four
Nights of the Present
Week; ' . v
The entries of the Olympic Club box
«r~ tournament closed at 12 o"clock Suv
r mornlng - The V number over seventy
or the best amatetira, whose stand
ng has been approved by the Pacific Ath
letic Association.
The tournament will begin Wednesday
evening and four day 3 will be consumed
nrJi f unnln »- On Saturday evening th*
K?amml n l ?C . h c , Iass) wlu *>e « h « P">
hrfd fn? rf 01 *? 1 that wm h ave been
another 1 * 1 year9 « but !t also haa
meet th«f ?hl a r ce ' for the winners will
rftv abont ?hf ipi ?Jlf, Of the East ln tW9
rru aD0Ul l " e middle of March
ai 4; e cIas sined and unclassified entries
a. r . A. C. . I* L&tlmer. W Oak A c - nr
McDonaM. Pac. A. C; J Flefd, O C • l'
McKalley. unattached; j H. fSio!" Brandon-Ji
V>. Snaltnam, S. F A C - Al f>»™f™r 7,Jil
auach!d : Tn>y> na *»«»&;^ hS£ u£
Feather. 123 pound»-D. J. Byrne*, unat
tached ; J. Moran. Pac a. C; W. J. Leonard.
O. C; James Howard, unattached; J. Lundi»
unattached; A. Granfield, S. F. A C • F III
Simpson W. Oak. A. C ; William Krellnj S.
F. A. -C. : J. Shackleton. unattached; " H.
Wessa. unattached; T. A. Rlrdon. unattached*
D. Danziger, O. C; F. McDonald, unattached;
R Harrigan, unattached; James Donohue, un
attached; Lewis I.ong:. RelJ^nce; J. Tirtt. un
; attached; G. Harris. I* S. C.
Light, 133 pounds— T. W. Schoenfeld, unat
tached- D. A. Carroll. O. C. ; R. Garrlck. un
attached; J. Flynn. W. Oak. A. C; W. I*
B«vcrt Jn; W. Oak. A. C; M. Curtla. 3. P.
'A. C. ; D. Murphy, unattached: J. A. Rock.
O. C. ; J. A. Raggett, unattached; James Brltt,
O. C; F. Gilbert, unattached; L. Wlggina,
Keystone: R. McGlade, Pac. A. C; C. Uarcla.
Pac. A. C.
Welter. H5 pounds— M. J. Breen. O. C. : H.
W. FJncke.' O. C ; T. Stone, Reliance; M. J.
1 Lawlor. unattached; T. Wolffe. Ariel R. C:
K. Donaldson, unattached: Gus Baraco, O. C. ;
J. Doyle. O. C. ; James Pelas. So. E. R. C. : X
McKean, unattached; W. Gooby. Pac. A. C
Middle. 1S8 pounds— F. Wegener, CX, C; V.
Grate, unattached; H. Kenny. Hawthorne; H.
Foley. Ariel R. C; F. Bayly. O. C; J. Mll
lett. S. F. A. C: Geor?t> Cluft. Pac A. C;
W. Brock. Reliance.
Light-heavy. 188 pounds— M. A. Harris. O.
C; Charles Galll van. Pac. A. C; TV. Suther
land. W. Oak. A. C; T. Lynch. So. EL R. C
Heavy, 168 pounds and ui>— G. Maclntyrv, P.
A. C. ; A. J. Gallagher, unattached; Al Daffy*
So. E. R. C.
AIX SATISFIED THAT
FIGHT WILL COME OJTP
Promoters Claim the Jeffries and
Buhlin Contest Will Se a
Fact.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. Jan. 27.— Amongf
the promoters of the championship bout
between Jeffries and Ruhlin and the
lovers of the prize fighting sport In gen
eral there seems not the least doubt that
the big boxing contest will take place on
the scheduled time, February 15.
The fact that Mayor Flelschmann has
Issued the permit has had a reassuring
eTTect on . the local patrons of tha roped
arena, as well as on those living at a
distance. The work of remodeling the
,blg hall began in earnest yesterday. It
is being pushed rapidly and will be com
pleted long before the date for the hold-
Ins of the match.
It was rumored to-day that the prin
cipals and others connected with the pro
posed contest In Saengerfest Hall w«r*
to be placed under arrest to-morrow, but
that Is denied by the ministers composing
the anti-contest committee of the Evan
gelical Alliance and Reform League.
Complete Entries for Olym
pic Club Tournament
Are Piled
SCORE OF BOXERS
READY TO FIGHT
CHAMPION STAKE
IS WOK BY MOSE
Beats Sacramento Boy in the
Big Coursing Final at
Union Park.
Mac's Melody Displays H>r Old-Time
Winning Style and Gets First
Money in the Open
Event.
The double event offered as an attrac
tion by the Union Park Caursing Asso
ciation brought out a iarge crowd yester
day and furnished a card of sport equal
to the best seen on the local field. Form
l>layers were given the hardest kind of a
reception. !\*o less than twenty-live fa
vorites were denied the flag and the short
t-nds that were recorded averaged up at
better prices than Is the rule. Certain it
is that the pikers will refer to the day as
the btst for many seasons.
The sport, too, was cf high class order
e.nd even the heaviest losers were of the
opinion that the two stakes furnished
tome great courses. Mac's Melody, T.
\V. Bartels' many times stake winner,
kept well ahead of her opponents and
with a great display of her old-time dasn
went through the different rounds and
wound up by beating Roman Athlete
polntjtfs in me deciding course of the
open stake.
In the chamrlon event Mose, the fast
flier of the Yost-mite Kennels, took first
prize- from Sacramento Boy In an exciting
CO. The victory will go on record as the
Jirst stake winning of an Australian
hound at Union Park. Hose was !»• trim
and. showed great speed and cleverness.
The moft interesting course of the day
and the one which kept the big crowd in
a fever of excitement was that between
Beacon. Curtis & Sons' great stake win
ner, and Sacramento Boy, who heads the-
Jist of money getters.
This pair of hounds ran the greatest de
ciding course ever witnessed in this sec
tion when they came together in the last
John Grace cup event, f On that occasion
it was a case of nip and tuck for honors.
In which Sacramento Boy landed the big
prize amid the wildest kind of excitement.
Yesterday, while the stakes were not so
larpe. the hounds gave almost a repetition
of that go, witn the result the same. Sac
ramento Boy was about due for the stake
hut with this severe experience It was
hard for him to come back 50 soon for the
Jir.al. Many think that he would have had
first place if he met Mose on even terms.
Those who fancied the Boy to beat Bea
ton for the right to contest for first hon
ors were well paid for their faith in him
lor the Curtis kennel adherents backed
¦their hounds chances at the high odds of
S. to 1.
The best short ends were: Tyrone Prince
beat Sir Pasha in a bye. O K Capitol led
Olita and Castaway beat America at 3 to
i; fcilver Wings beat Ben Lomond at 4 to
1; I-ine 1-ire beat Lavender and waa beat
en by Roman Athlete at 5 to 1.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open etaJce, 6eeond round— C. O. Peterson's
6ilver Cloud beat J. E. Hodgkins' King Cash
ier. .-4; Russell & Allen's First Foot beat G.
Lennon's Half Moon. 3-<j; Aeneld Kennels'
tine fire beat P. J. Rellly's Willful Widow,
i.-l; H. A. Deekelman's Flyaway beat J
Smith's Boney Boy, 2?-I3; Ettkine & Jones'
Lavcnaer beat Yotemite Kennels' Beauty Spot
Jt* George Xethercott's Floodgate beat Gold
Dust Kennels' Tyrone Pnnce, 7-1; George
s^harman's Chicago Bey beat ' J. R Smith's
Injury, t-2; Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter
beat P. J. Reilly's Early Dawn, 7-1'- A.
Uuker's Kanaka beat J. R. Smiths Password
6-4; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat D
J. Healey's Tapioca, :-0; T. Tierney'g Tea
Rose beat Curtis & Sons' Maud S 5-0- F C
McComb's Bona Fide beat Russell &' Alien's
ftplteful. 5-1; Captain Cane's Greenhall beat
Curtis & s>ons' Vulcan. S-l; F. A. McComb's
Bir Pasha a bye; <«urUs & Sons' Charta beat
D. J. Healey's Urania, 7-4; P. Brophy'n Be
ticia Boy beat Pisha Kennels' May Hemp
nead. 7-4: George Parkinson's Ben Lomond
beat P. Jackson's Honor Bright. 4-2: Krwia
& Lyons' silver Wings beat Yosamite Ken
rcls' Uncle Fuller, 3-2; F. A. McComb's Royal
Flush beat Curtis & Sons' Warpath. 4-1; W.
C. Classen's Dewdrop beat Curtis & Sons'
Khadcw. 7-6; J. Hurlejr'e O K Capitol beat
£terl & Knowles' Olita, 2-1; T. W. Bartels'
Mac's Melody beat Aeneld Kennels' Aethra.
20-0; M. Dillon's Challenger beat Pasha Ken
nels' Belle Claire. €-4; Captain Cane's Master
Davenport beat Curtis & Sons' Kibosh 5-4-
Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells beat P J.
Reil!y> Louphneagh. 6-4; P. Doyle's Liberator
beat Pasha Kennels' Random Aim, 7-4; Rus
e<ll & Allen'6 Castaway beat K. Geary's Amer
ica, 8-4; Curtis & Sons' l'syche beat H, H.
Cray's Bannockburn, 6-1.
Stockton Coursing.
Third round— Silver Cloud beat First Foot.
lC-f ; Fine Fire beat Flyaway. 7-1: Lavender
l*at Floodgate. S<-6; Chicago Boy beat Golden •
Carter, 6-2; Roman Athlete beat Kanaka 6*0- !
Bona Fid" b»at Tea liose, 6-0; UreenhJ.ll a i
bye; Charta beat Bcr.icia Boy. 4-2; Silver :
Wings beat Ben Lomond. 9-2; Royal Flush i
beat Dewdrop. 6-3; Mac's Melody beat O K
Capitol, K-l; Master Davenport beat Chal-
Itnger. 1€-12; Liberator beat Wedding Hells,
4-0; Castaway beat I'syche. 6-3.
Fourth round— Fine Fire beat Silver Cloud,
4-1: Lavender beat Chicago Boy. 7-4; Roman
Athlete beat Bona Fide, g-2; Charta beat
Greenhall. 4-3; Royal Flush beat Silver Wlnps,
fc-1; Macs Melody a bye; Castaway beat Lib
erator. S-3.
Fifth round— Fine F".r» beat Lavender, 5-4;
Tinman Athlete beat Charta. 12-4; Mac'; Mel
ody heat Jioyal Flush. 6-0; Castaway a bye.
Bixth rouna— Roman Athlete beat Fine Fire,
1S-12: Mao's Melody beat Castaway. 6-0.
Ix^idinR course— Mac's Melody beat Roman
Athlete. 6-0.
Champion Ftake. flr»t round^J. button's
Herscher* Pride beat Curtis & Son*' Nar
ciMU*. €-3; Curtis & Sons' Luxor beat Gold
I'utt Kennflf" Brutus, 10-S; CurtU & Sons'
War Eag'.e heat II. A. Deckelman'a Master
Rocket, *-3; Curtis & Sons' Beacon beat Rua
ecll &. Allen'n Daisy Claire, E-2; Curtis &
Son*' Anchor heat Pasha Kennels' Rural
Artist. 7-6; Yofemite Kennels" Mose beat D.
J. HeaJey'B Lady Claire, lS-«: P. J. R-Slly"*
Royal I'nlon beat J. R. McCarthy's John Doe •
7-6; Walsh * Heenan'e Sacramento Boy beat i
J. R. Fmith'a Sylvanus. 8-2. <
Second round— Luxor beat Herschel'i Pride,
f-2; Moee beat War Eagle. 6-5: Beacon beat ,
Royal Union, 16-2; Sacramento Boy beat An- 1
chor. 1S-13. j
Third round— Mose beat Luxor, 7-1; Sacra.-,!
xnrnto Boy beat Beacon. U-1L f
Deciding course— Mose beat Sacramento Boy,
STOCKTON. Jan. 27.— The results of the
coursing at Good water Grove to-day are:
- Flirt round— Onward beat Arno. ! Fhoot«v»r
beat Bill Foeter, Thunderbolt beat Fireside,
Tony Gold beat Newsboy, Lilly Wrlfcht beat
Cashday. RiRht Ann beat Tony Bowers. Bair
plpe beat Prince of Fashion. St. Oran beat AI
l^sander. "Dolando beat Fair Glen. Scotch Reel
beat Terr^nlte, Sarah Gold beat Joker, for
give beat Bimon.
Second round-Onward beat Bhootover. Thun
derbolt beat Tony Gold. Lilly Wright beat
RlKht Arm. Bacptpe beat St. Oran. SDolando
teat Scotch Reel. Sarah Gola beat Forrlve
Third rou»d— Onward beat Thunderbolt Lilly
Wright beat Bagpipe, Dolando beat Sarah Gold
Fourth round-Onward beat Lilly Wright!
Dolando a bye.
Final— Onward beat Dolando.
The special stake resulted as follows:
Shootover first. Fair Glen second, AUes
ander third.
Several Bookmakers With Depleted
Bank Rolls Will Take a Bast.
''•:. Tod Sloan's Saddle Work
Highly Praised.
BY in. H3. MTJXjHOT-jI.i-A.lSro
In referring to the disposal of his con
tract on the services of Buchanan, as pub
lished exclusively in The Call of yester
day, Barney Schrieber said: "I guess I'm
bad. First I got Bullman, and 'fammany
Halh wants him.- Then this 'Dutchman'
signs Henry, and later Wall street (mean
ing James R. Keer.e) gets hold of . him.
Now with Buchanan to do my riding, the
King of England secures the boy.
Barney must certainly be a good judge
of jockeys. It is more than likely the
St. Louis turfman will oign little J. T.
Woods to do his riding. The youngster,
for what opportunities he has had, looks
like a promising green 'un. There has
been no paucity ot swagger riding talent,
though, and the obscure jockeys have had
no chance. With good horses to ride
Midget Woods may become a crack llgni
weight. Time has demonstrated mat
'"good horses make good riders."
From hearsay there will be a diminu
tion In the number of Bookmakers at to
day's cut-in. Willie Applegate was touch
ed up to the extent of X5ouu in two days,
whicn dampened his ardor considerably.
Willie told a friend he was out or form,
and will take a, vacation.
'"Conductor" McManus saw ,hls bank
roll lessened just ll'i.v.'i in one week, and
has about decided to try it with the talent
.down on the ground. - George Rose de
parts for Coronado Beach ana the Eastern
country this week. Although making the
biggest book at the track. George found
the game a pretty stiff one to beat, and
does not quit a winner to any extent. If
revenue and postage stamps were in use
as a circulating medium, Otey Evans
might have laid up something for the Sac
ramento Club. Unfortunately the book
lost $94.33 to the stake race on Saturday,
and rumor says • H will be numbered
among the missing to-day.
A well-known turfman now residing at
one of the downtown hotels has a very
high opinion of Sammy Loates as a diplo
mat. From his point of view Loates is
in good enough* condition to ride, but
knowing that Tod Sloan is not in good
standing with the English racing stew
ards, does not care to take any chances
of endangering his own position. As la
well known, Sammy once, fell into an en
tanglement with the stewards that cost
him many dreary and expensive months
on the groundv Some people do not have
to be hit with a-full-sized brickbat.
The latest American trainer to receive a
proposition to cross the water and handle
an English string of horses is Gaylon
Brown. Gaylon now has charge of the
stable of A. B. Spreckel9, and is undecided
whether he will accept the offer or not.
With the disruption of the American
Turf Congress and the organization of a
new turf body, • it- is- more than probable
J. McDonald will get a license. The Cali
fornia boy was reinstated by the Haw
thorne officials, but Captain Rees would
never consent to his being issued a li
cense. If McDonald is restored to good
standing he may ride for Ed Corrigan in
England.
Lindoubtedly the European' fever tele
coming contagious among our riders. On
hearing of the triumphs of Gladiator
Cash Sloan and Patsy Freeman on the
French turf and- the many successes of
Morgan, "the Indian." In Austria, Johnny
Weber has begun' pricing railroad and
steamship tickets. If Morgan is a hit in
Austria . Johnny should lose no time in
getting over there.
Tod Sloan received a world of prals©
from close observers for his ride on The
Lady In the Winter .handicap. It was the
consensus of opiuion that a prettier or
more perfect piece of horsemanship had
not been seen on any of the local tracks.
Louis Ezell was satisfied with Tod's ride
in every particular, admitting that hla
little mare wasbeaten by a better horse.
- The entries at Tanforan to-day are as
follows: ' ' •
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: purse. . -
1«96 Pupil .: ...109! 1415 Redwald 109
(156C)Toah 9li 1701 Sad Sam 91
1645 Frank Bell 1C9 1678 Gold Lace ....104
1661 Andrattus 91 .... Waring- 109
1669 Jo« Frey W 1580 True Blue 109
1678 Salvado ........112 118S Sly 1OT
Second race— One mile; three-year-olds; purse.
1514 Golden -.1071 1695 Slap. Dash 119
1698 Tony Lepplng\..115|<16S4)MarshaJ Neil ..122
1705 Bab 117 1 : .¦„.* - vi
Third race—Two and a half miles; steeple
chase. •
1410 Manchie 150 1566 Ld Chesterfield.137
1692 Mestor 148 1710 Cre<H» 163
(1554)May Boy 163 1692 William CB...153
1704 Rio ChlCO ......U? 855 JO C 163
Fourth race — One and a fluarter miles; four
year-okls and upward: selling.
1704 Formero 112 (1704)Topmast ..107
(1670)Owensboro 103 1681 Locoche« 105
(l7.10)Wyomlng ......111 1637 The Bobby 100
1674 Koenig 107 1688 Ulm 105
Fifth race — Seven and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; purse.
(15S6)Gold Or 114 1711 Vulealn 114
U693)Ordnung 119 (1677)Bill Garrett ....111
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1701 Uarda 103 1350 Torsina 103
(16fc2)Handlcapper ...105 1683 McNamara .... 97
1562 Walicenshaw ...104 1«OS Castake 101
• 18S4 Lady Med'som.103 1668 Vohlcer 100
(1713)Scotch Plaid. ..1C3 1682 Artllla S9
1S74 Expedient 101 555 Plan 8T
Probable ¦Winners.
Flrrt race— Joe Frey, True Blue, "Waring.
Second race— Marshal Neil, Slap Dash, Bab.
Third race— Credo, Lord Chesterfield. Mestor.
Fourth race — Ow«nsboro. Koenlg. Topmaat.
Fifth race— Gold Or, Ordnung, Bill Garrett.
Sixth race— Scotch Plaid, Plan, Handlc&pper.
St. Louis, Bookmaker May
, Sign J.;T: Woods, a
Clever Lightweight.
SCHREIBER AFTER
ANOTHE R JOCKEY
The much postponed game between the
Koenigs and the Alamedas waa played
out yesterday afternoon at Recreation
grounds and resulted in a victory for thi
Alainedas by a score Of 8 to 3.
The came was tedious and uninterest
ing, full of errors and demonstrations of
baseball irnoranee. A few relief meas
ures were introduced In some very clever
double plays and an occasional piece of
good outfielding..
In the third innlngr, with the score 0 to
0. Wlchman of the Aiamedas hit to L>:
Bodle, who acted as a bad man thrower,
giving Wichman a chance to skirt tha
bags while Koeghan at first looked for
the ball under the benches back of ftrsc
Then Van Haltrcn made an honest home
run, losing the syheroid over the center
fleM fence. Hammond made the third
run In this inning. In the fourth Wich
man and the Hammonds scored, making
the score 6 to 0. Errors were reeking.
In the last of the fifth, Brockhoff scored
for the Koenigs. Then Koeghan scored,
but McGee, who "tried to do likewise, was
caught at the plate. Perrine added an
other run to the list in this inning.
The seventh brought one run for the
Alamedas; so did the ninth. The score:
KOENIGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
OUllns. Ib 4 0 0 0 2 11
Knell r. f 6 0 2 0 10 0
Eager, c 4 0 10 6 3 2
I). Bodle. s. s 3 0 0 18 3 3
J. Bodic. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Brockhoff. I. f 3 112 8 0 0
Keoirhan. lb 3 1119 0 0
McGee. c. t 4 0 2 1 \X 0 0
Perrine. p 413 112 1
Totals ..^.34 3 10 6 . »2* 18 8
•Parlser out— hit by batted ball.
ALAMEDAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f... 4 J • 1 0 4 1 0
W Hammond, lb.... 3 2 0 0-3 0 1
l?ritt. 1. f S 0 3 0 10 1
Schroeder. lb & r. f.. 5 0 0 0 8 1 0
Golds worthy, s. s.... 4 1 0 1 2 8 3
C Russell, p 4 0 10 13 0
Simpson, 2b 3 0 0 14 2 1
Wichman. 3b 3 2 0 0 0 2 0
J. Hammond, c 4 10 0 4 4 0
Parlser. r. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 37 S 5 2 27 16 «
RUNS A!*D HITS BY IXNING3.
Alamedas 00330010 1—8
Base hits 0 0210010 1— 5
Koenigs 0 00030000—3
Base hits 00114120 1—10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Perrine 2. C. Russell 2.
Home run— Van Haltren. Three-base hit —
Eager. Two-base hit— Perrine. First base on
errors— Koenips 5, Alamedas 5. First base on
called balls— Koenigs 5. Alamedas 3. Left on
base* — Koenigs 8, Alamedas 5. Struck out — By
Ivrrine 7. by C. Russell 1. Dduble plays—Rus
sell to Golds-worthy; Rusfell to J. Hammond to
Kchmeder: Wichman to Sehroeder to J. Ham
mond: Simpson unassisted. . Passed balls-
Hammond 2. Wild pitch— Psrrlne. Time of
Eims-2 hours. Umpire — Jack O'ConnelL Of
ficial ecorer— J. W. Stapleton.
Nobles Lose.
GOLDEN GATES.
After having the game well In hand up
to the last of the eighth inning, the No?
bles made a couple of dlafetrous errors
which gave the Golden Gates the game.
The features of the game were Walters'
batting, Waterbury's playing at second
base and Jim Shea's work In center field.
The following is the score:
*¦ AB. R. BH. SB. PO, A. E.
V. Johnson, lb 3 i 0 0 / 12 0 0
Waterbury, 2b 4 0 0 0 4 6 1
Mitchell, a. b 4 0 2 0 2 11
Thomas, 3b 2 1 1 0 1 4 2
G. Waterbury. r. 1. 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kane. c. I 4 0 10 4 0 0
Mi'Mrnomr, p 2 0 10 0 2 1
Peralta. -c 3 1101 10
fcpencer, 1. f 3 1 1 0 S 0 0
Tot&li 23 4 7 0 27 14 5
NOBLES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. £.
TValters, r. f 5 0 4 2 0 1 0
Wright. *. s ..4 0 0 0 3 1 1
J. Johnson. 2b 4 0 0 1 2 2 1
Dairy. L t 3 0 0 0 110
Schwartz, 2b 4 120200
Carroll, lb 4 0 0 0 6 0 0
J. Shea. c. f 4 110 2 10
I>. Shea, c 4 0 10 8 11
Bulger, p 4 0 0.0 0 2 0
Totals 1..S6 1 TTSJ 1 1
8UMMART.
Two-baw? hits— Mitchell -<2), Kane. Schwartz
(I). Bases on balls— By McMenomy 4, by Bul
ger 1. Struck out— By McMenomy 1, by Bul
ger 6. Time of game— 1:50. r Umpire— Flnck.
Van Haltren Finds the Ball and
Knocks It Over the Outer
Field Fence for a
Home Run.
Gama Proves Ragged and
Shows Few Evidences
of Good Play.
ALAMEDAS WIN
FROM KOENIGS
MEMBERS OF NAVAL MILITIA HOLD
STATE SHOOT AT SHELL MOUND
SPORTING EVENTS ON A SUNNY SUNDAY IN JANUARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1901.
8Special Dispatch to Tha CalL ~
Andrew Lang Translates the Ode
Composed by the Pontiff..
POPE LEO'S GREETING
TO THE NEW CENTURY
>- She— That ? is : as lovely as I have heard
lately, 'but a resemblance to the sands
along Cape ¦ Nome beach ' wn«M suit me
better.— Indianapolis Press. '• •
; He — My love r for you! sweetheart. Is as
Infinite as the sands of the sea. - - -
There .lives at .Paducah/ Ky.. a blind
mechanic who can \ and ¦ does | place • lathe
work as evenly and drive nails as truly as
can any workman gifted with sight. Ho
puts ' up nls own " scaffolds and does as
much work as in a day as any man in bis
trade. . • ¦
Blanque— I hear you didn't reach home
till early this morning. What did you tell
your wife? *'¦' ¦-¦¦¦.»-. " . . - . . V
Tanqufr- Told her they were closing the
saloons at midnight now and I got locked
in.-^Chicago;News: i
Passing of a Pionesr.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— The funeral ct
John WHIe. one of the oldest eettlers of
Mount Eden, was h<'ld to-d^y from th"
Vnion Church nt Mount Eden. W'iHe died
Friday. He was 73 years of age, a na
tive cf Germany.
Burglary Reported.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— P. J. Quintan, who
ronducts a saloon at the corner of San
. I'ablo avenue and Nineteenth street, re
ported to the police to-day that burglars
had enterrd his store last night and
stolen J1S0 In coin and a cold watch.
Reliance Boxing.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— The Reliance Ath
letic Club : has completed Its programme
for the next, gentlemen's night, which
falls on February 12. George Curran and
Tom Woods will meet In a ten-round con
test. Abe Attel and Jockey Bozeman will
go ten rounds, and Tom Herman will meet
Tom Cox for fifteen rounds. This is the
main event and promises to be a good one
for Herman is as yet undefeated.
BERKELEY. Jan. 27.— The flrstof a ae
ries of Monday concerts to be given under
the auspices of tho Associated Women
Students of thn university this term wUl
be held Wednesday, January 30, in Hearst
HalL Those on the. programme are- Au
gust Hinrieh. a San Francisco violinist-
Madame Zlffener. a vocalist, and Mini
Wallendorf. president of the Piano Club
At the same hour the. social committee
will entertain twenty, young women at
luncheon. ¦ j
Co-Ed Concert.
Berkeley Saloons to Open.
BERKELEY, Jan. 27— At the meeting
of tho Town Trustees to-morrow night
snloon license? will be granted to twents'
applicants. This will bring the rouch
r*eded Fi;ra of $1500 into th«: town treas
ury. There kUI he no demonstration when
the EJtloons cp«*n for busings on Tuesday.
LONDON. Jan. 27.— A lady I met who is
generally well informed said that there is
much talk of a marriage between the
Duke of Roxburgh and- Miss Aator. The
Duke is Just 25 years old and has recently
returned from serving with the army in
South Africa as a lieutenant in the Royal
Horse Guards. Miss Astor, she is of the
opinion, is one of the prettiest and most
charming young: ladies' in society here,
and the marriage would be an eminently
fitting one and probably, pleasing to Wil
liam , Waldorf Astor. ; . .." . .
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1901, by the Herald-. Pub
¦ Hnhlnc Company. . • - ¦
DUKE OF ROXBURGH'
MAY WED MISS ASTOB
"Only one among them sh»ws any of the
spirit that once actuated the tribe. He is
Sam Bdll, about 100 years old. and he Is
willing to take the warpath again.
Another good Indian has been made by
the death of a Modoc brave, and now the
bucks of the tribe have been reduced to
the fatal , thirteen in number. Thus have
dwindled the fighters of the most war
like tribe of men that ever arrayed them
selves against an enemy. They have been
ihe Ishmaelltes of the Pacific slope, and
therefore they were called "Modocs" by
the. other tribes, for "modoc" means
"enemy."- . '
The entire tribe has dwindled to seventy
seven membere, all wretched beings,. with
no thirst for war. but an ambitious. In
dolent and dull set of beings that have
cast aside every virtue that they ever
possessed and have taken on every vice
that civilization has offered them.. This
remnant, mostly women and diseased chil
dren, that has dwindled from a ftehtlns
power worthy,of United States opposition
to the very verge of extinction, is now
quartered on a small reservation in the
Quapaw country south of Kansas City.
• These last of the Modocs are prisoners
of war, held by the Government, but al
lowed great freedom, for they are not
likely to wander from the supplies they
are provided with, for if they should they
would- starve to death.
Last o? the Modocs.
PEOR1A. II... Jan. 27.— The exact loss
etiprained by the revenue office from tho
visit of the robbers Friday night last has
r«>en determined to be 531.97«i. Tho etufT
taken consisted of revenue stamps of
varici:s denominations. The weight of
the plunder was nearly .303 pounds.
Value of Stolen Stamps.
OAKLAKP, Jan. Tl. — The advance sale
cf s p ats for the production of "Way Down
i:att" at the Macdonough Theater has
b«-en «?xcp il*>nt. which is an indication that
the stearin will l>« a good on*. There will
be a Ebree-hlrht run. so:neth!r.g that Oak
- land ones not pet from the average road
attractions. As Oakland has shown itself
partial to plays of this c.a&s it has been
decided to mako the run longer than
usual. The play will be presented with
full cast and tcp'nlr effects. Everything
¦will he presented just as during the great
SCev York Buccess.
The Dpwey Theater will present the
"Three Musketeers" during the coming
week.
••WAY DOWN EAST''
AT THE MACDONOUGH
• Lep,sons From the Queen" was the sub
ject of a- sermon to-day by the Re.v. H. B K
Mowbray. pastor, of the Frultvala Congre
gational Church.
At the .Fourth Congregational Church
memorial services were held to-day to the
Queen. The Rev. Alfred Bayley, pastor,
officiated, ¦^•w.ysdte- . . •
The Rev. Charles "Ri Brown, pastor of
the First Congregational Church, deliv
ered a discourse, this evening upon the
"Death of the Queen."
Frank Mather, a prominent" organist of
London, England, gave a recital'this even
ing at the Church of the Advent In con
nection with the choral song service.
"Queen Victoria and tne Victorian Era"
was the theme of .the Rev. E. R. Dille's
sermon this evening at the First Metho
dist Church. . /
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— Rev. Ernest / K.
Baker, D. D.. of Cleveland, Ohio, who has
received a call to the First Presbyterian
Church of this city, preached this morn
ing and this evening • from . that -pulpit.
Largo congregations greeted the Eastern
divine, who created a very favorable im
pression. His themes were "The Laws of
Christ" and "The Catholic Life." Tho
acceptance of the' rail will not be finally
determined for several weeks. Both
preacher and people -will be given ampin
opportunity to determine individually
whether the surroundings will be conge
nial. Dr. Baker Is one of the leaders in
Presbyterian thought of the nation, and
occupies a prominent place as an orator
and dlscourser upon religious topics.
Union gospel cervices will be continued
this week at the Second Congregational
Church. The Rev. Mr.- Dobbins and^Mrs.
Dobbins will give stereopticon views ap
propriate to the themes of discourse.-
The Rev. C. H. Hobart preached his last
sermons to-day as pastor . of the First
Baptist Church. He will leave for Pasa
dena this week. ¦
First Presbyterian.
Rev. Ernest E. Baker Preaches in the
•WORSHIP IN THE CHTTRCHES.
Secretary Holds That He Ceased to
Draw Salary When Certificate
Was Issued to Clapp.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— Tu» Post to»
morrow will say: "A, fine point has besn
raised over the right of Town© to con
tinue to hold his aeat In the Senato
now that Clapp haa been srlven . a
certificate of election by the Governor
of Minnesota. It says that Ben
nett, the Secretary of the Senate, holdj
that Towne ceased to draw his salary on
"Wednesday, January 23, when a certificate
of election was given to Clapp. by tha
Governor."
a • - ¦ ' ? '
Fight to Death.
Face to face on the mountain side a man
and an ape battled to the deatn.
. It was. in South Africa; In that part of
Cape Colony Inhabited chiefly by Boers.
His name la Van Niekerk. ,_ ,
The ape was of the baboon variety. It
was almost as large as the fanner and
possessed the strength of four men.
There had been good success and the
dogs ware keyed up by victory, when an
unusually larse male baboon was espied,
clambering down a precipice. When he
reached the bottom the pack assailed him
with great fury and the men by common
consent rested on their rifles to watch tho
combat.
' A huge boarhound which had no rival
on the veldt In the chase of big game had
his throat ripped open and ran to crouch
at his master's feet .with eyes glazing
and. blood sporting from his Jugular vein.
Fearing to fire lest he should injure the
aogs. Van Nlekerk plunged into the me
lee, armed only with a knife.
. As the farmer rushed forward the ar*»
swung .with bis right.' No cat ever dealt
a swifter blow and yet the wary fanner
managed to throw up his shoulder to
meet' it.
He was* knocked down like & nlnepln,
but if it had not been for his quick de
fense he would have received the blow
on the point. of the jaw and that would
have been the end of him.
i -As it was, he scrambled to. his feet beforo
the baboon had time to leap upon him and
when Ihe brute cast his hairy arms about
him he delivered an upward lunge In the
Mexican fashion and plungred his knife
to the hilt in the big monkey'3 body.
TOWNE'S SEAT IN THE
: ; SENATE IS CONTESTED
A pair of crimson goggles on a bull ia a
combination as rare as It is bizarre, but
this Is just exactly vrcat John: Anschutz
of Stowe Township ran across the other
day when he went out to take a look at
his black and white bovine. Dexter. The
bull was Indebted for his new ornaments
to a bevy of mischievous boys, who want
ed to demonstrate the generally received
theory that anything led renders a bun
obstreperous, relates the Cincinnati En
quirer, s J : ¦
When Dexter woke up the next mornlntj
he saw everything had a decided reddish
tinge. By the time he had come to the
conclusion that every object he gazed on
had unaccountably been transformed into>
carmine he became turlous. He noticed
that his cattle companions had all
taken on the n«w color; that tha
grass was no longer green: that
the landscape had been painted In
the prevailing tint, and then he be
came a bovine lunatic. To cap the cli
max ho saw he was near a red barn, close
to a red fence, and that the milkmaid wan
a red jfirl. who carried a red bucket and
a three-legged stool of the same color.
Now he was simply a pent-up volcano in
cow skin and the trouble began. With a
snort he made a PAM at a strawstack
that was the color Df a brickyard, but
failed to knock it Into the next county,
though he had the supreme, satisfaction
of witnessing the tenlfted antics of red
chickens, red geese and red ducks in
their wild endeavor to get out of his way.
Without stopping to enjoy his satisfac
tion In having turned .1 peacefur barnyard
into a cyclone-swept prairie he butted up
against the weather boarding of the bam.
making the red splinters fly like straw
a whirlwind and accelerating the flight o f .
the red-headed girl into a bright red
springhouse. Next the panel* of the red
ff-ure succumbed to th* furious onslaught:
a meadow with red 'grass was crossed, and
Bull Dexter found himself on the bank of
a stream, the water of which was as red
as blood. Here, after, an hour of unspoken
misery,' the poor bull rank down exhaust
ed and the red poggles dropped from his
deceived eyes. Mr. Anschutz has offered
a reward for the arrest of the bloody
minded boys. .
RED GOGGLES
FOR THE BULL
Institution Inadequate.
BERKELEY; Jan. 27.— The Berkeley Re
pjhlt<-an Club has passed the following
resolution:
WVifri-s?. th* T'niv«T*ity of California, <3^
clarM by nur Ftat° Tr.FtituUon to be a pub
llc tr':n. if unqueftlonably In Rrwit • need of
s:i !sfr*ra««l ini-nme in or<1»»r that the pur
j.r-Ffn nt thpt tniFt shall !.» adequately ful
f.Ue*i: ord wh»r*a». tho importance of the
UvAvenMy as an intPKral jisirt of our State
• <1ura» '.•>:.El tyeteui if= BBdtapotfd, a? evidenced
by the enoftaoat r^rcentace of increase in its
e!:er.<J&m* durir.g th«- la_«t lew year?: and
whf'-rf'as. the t;rnver«ity of California has
r»&>-h»<l that point -wh^re, without increased
I'.ir.Cs. it carno; provide for this enormous
lroreafe cf ntteninnc*. or eustaln its dls
ttnCBisbed piax* among th» jjrea.t universi
ties cf thp len.1. Be It th»rr*ore
Received. That the liTktley Republican Club
heartily Indent* the f-fforts <>' the friends an-i
rei>r*-*entativps o{ the univrr*ily In promoting
leirtMotlon looking toward the permanent nwi
oomir.uoUB increase of revenue for th* sup
port «f the I'niverslt? of California and ur-
RStty reiu^st? the A'.ampda delegation in the
ftite I>-$;iFts:ure to do ail in :t» power toward
fh.e a'.-c-.m;ill.sh!ner.t of th!s result.
BEHKEXEYANS URGE
AID FOB. UNIVERSITY
Local Republican Club Passes E-eso
lution Declaring Income of State
NEW. TORK. Jan. 27.— Sixty skaters. In
cluding many women rud children, broki*
through the Ice on a large pond back of
Evergreen Cemetery. Brooklyn, to-day,
and In the wild struggle for life- two boys
were drowned. The ica over the center of
the pond, where the water was dee;-est
and where the skaters were, assembled m
greatest numbers, suddenly sank.
The whole crowd was nanic-strlcken.
Men and women fought to save them
selves and children suffered in the un
equal struggle. The screams of the skat
ers were heard by men employed tn a fac
tory near by- and they ran to the pond.
They dragged long planks with them,
which ware pushed toward the. ceater ot
the pond. Aloncr this - footing: a- llfelino
was formed. Effort was first made to
rescue the women and children. By twoa
and threes they were taken from the wa
ter and hustled along the planks, to tho
shore. The police reserves and surgeons
arrived In ambulances an* succored many
of the half-drowned skaters.
The bodies of the two boys were recov
ered. ,:'.¦¦-. - .r r
Are Drowned, the Others
Being: Saved.
In a Wild Fight for Lif© Two Soys
SIXTY SKATERS BBEAK
THEOTJGH THE ICE
CHICAGO, Jan. . 27.— Lying in front of
the Champlln residence. ; at 434?. Drexel
boulevard, -Mrs. Beulah Ameht was found
by Hyde. Park police officers at 5 o'clock
this morning. She was unconscious and
In a deadly stupor from the combined ef
fects of laudanum and exposure. On her
person- was I found a letter | addressed I to"
"Charlie" Champlin, i in which she i re
proached him with ceasing :to love i her,
saying his coolness was the' cause of her
attempt to j end her. life, in . front of his
mother's home. •¦ • :
. Charles Champlin, who -is noted as one
of Chlcagro'3 "young bloods" and is a gen
eral society, favorite, denies that , he ever
grave Mrs. Ament any- reason , to ., believe
that he would marry her. despite the fact
that between fits of' weeping at: the hos
pital Mrs. Ament says that he had prom
lsed to care for her all hi s life and would
marry her as soon as he could make prop
er arrangements. , • . ¦¦¦., -,.-.;- . ~
Mrs. Beulah Martin Ament came to Chi
cago early In 1895 • from Birmingham
Ala. Her-: rreat beauty- and fascinating
ways won admirers by t the score, and with
her It was 'simply, a. matter, of choice. She
soon became interested in.' the races.^and
it Is said It was not long before Tod Sloan
became her devoted admirer. v Apartments
which Sloan Is raid to have furnished for
her In the Kelwyn flats, at Wabash ave
nue and Twentieth street, were described
as regal.. v -,~-' /
Woman Attempts Suicide Be
l fore H«r Former Lover's
Home. v
WOOS DEATH
WITH POISON
¦WASHINGTON, ¦ Jan. 27.— Frank H.
Hitchcock, chief of the section of foreign
markets in the, Agricultural Department.
In his annual review of the trade of the
United States in' agricultural products.
Bays:
,The fiscal year 1900 brought to a close a cen
tury of marvelous, development In" the history
of United £tat«s commerce. In 1800, a century
ago. the total value of the merchandise im
ported and exported in our trade with foreign
countries was considerably less. than a quarter
of a billion dollars, j The value of the goods ex
changed during; the past fiscal year reached
nearly two and a quarter billions, far exceed
ing all previous records. Since the opening of
the century our commerce with the. rest of the
.world has Increased more than twelvefold.
Compared with the value of our Imports for
1900 that of our domestic exports showed an '
excess of $5M,82!,3S7.
Of the merchandise imported from foreign
countries during' the fiscal year 1900 about 49
per cent consisted of agricultural products.
Then* products had an agtcregate value of
J420.136.38i. exceeding by almost $65,000,000 the
record of the year before.
Products of United Statev. agriculture were
marketed abroad In the fiscal year 1900 to the
value of J?44.616.B30. forming; about 62 per cent
Of the total domestic exports. With the single
exception of 189S, the past year witnessed the
largest annual export trade in farm products
on record. • .. . •
A comparison of the value of our Rffrlcultural
exports for 1300 with that of. our agricultural
Imports shows the former v exceeds the latter
by $424,480,149. The export value was slightly
more than double the amount of the import
value.
Among the agricultural Imports of the United
States for the fiscal year 19C0 the leading items,
named In the order or value, were sugar, hides
and skins, coffee, silk, vegetable liber, wool, '
fruits and -nuts, tobapco, tea, wines,- vegetable
oil and cocoa.
Wonderful jj Showing Made
in the Fiscal Year
Just Closed.
NATION'S TRADE
MUCH INCREASED
Oreat things are expected of the new
railroad, which will bring the west coast
Into communication with the east, and
which should be finished before very long.
The chief enemy to rapid construction
is the rainy season, which is violent and
of long continuance. American capital
is well represented in the planta
tions and business Interests of the coun
try, and the climate, contrary to general
belief, is not, the Consul says, dangerous
to the health of Anglo-Saxons.
The Consul days that- California ¦ .-¦ and
America generally are not getting their
full share of the trade of. Ecuador. : Call •
fcrnia particularly, said" the ' Consul,
.should lind a good market for its wine?
there. The German business houses al
most monopolize the trade there through
their enterprise in sending drummers
through the country, whereas the-Amer
ican. traveling man is a rara avis around
the equator. One American product, how
ever. Is In good and constant demani
there and that is corrugated iron, which
has grown' Into great favor as a building
material for stores and warehouses. The
country has no system of taxation and
its cofferff are tilled from the Imposts lev
led on Imports.
i United States Consul General to Ecua
dor Perry III de Leon Is at the Palace
Hotel and has much to say about the
trade outlook of the South American re
public. He is on his -way to Washing
ton, D. C, where he will report to tho
Government.. He has spent the past
twenty-six months at his post.
United ; States 99 nsu^ cn "
eral De Leon Says Pine •
Market Is Th»re.
ECUADOR TRADE
PROSPECTS GOOD
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.-Wlth joke
and song done In black .'face,
that clever little organization
known as the Alcatraz Drill
Corps will entertain Its friends
at Alcatraz Hall to-morrow
evening. The ladies have frank
ly discarded all time-worn conventionali
ties and announce their entertainment as
plain "nigger minstrels." The negro of
modern conversation takes no part in the
performance. A most elaborate pro
gramme has been arranged, nearly all of
which will be presented by the members
of the drill corps. A little masculine talent
has been introduced, but the drill corps
does most of the work. The Jokes are
new. and good, the songs are the latest
and tha. Specialties are attractive.
There- is the regulation minstrel part,
with MlssLulu Neal as interlocutor, and
some very good songs. The specialties
are In the second part. The conclusion Is
"The Jury Trial," a bright local hit." The
characters are all local ones ' and are
"take-offs" on Judge Frlck. : Prosecuting
Attorney Leach. Deputy DistrlcfAttorney
Phil Walsh. Police Bailiff Mitchell, Police
Clerk Hennessy and Walter Manuel, Mu
nicipal League nominee for Mayor. The
complete programme 'is 'as follows: :
Interlocutor— Mlas Lulu N>al.
i Bones: ; Tambos:
Captain Harry Adams, D. P. Hooe,
Mrs. H. L. Whitehead, H. L. Whitehead,
Mian Stella Llghtner, Mias Lizzie Madl-nii. i
Miss Vera Morlno. Miss Bella Ten Kycke,
Miss Bertha Neal. Miss Sadie Hallett.
Opening Overture -/.Henderson's Orchestra
Curtain. ,
Overture.... Orchestra. Bones and Tambourines
Opening: Chorus ....By the. Xlggers
Fun on the Knds.
Solo, "Lucy Lee' ......Bones
Jokelets.
Solo, by Tambo D. P. Hooe
Snap' Shots. • "" ¦•¦>-, .
Duett.' "My Wild Irish Rose".'... ......... :.;r. '•
Miss Minnie Hallett and Miss May Peters
More Fun on the Ends. I
Solo. •"Son of. the Desert". Clarence Caatell
Specialties Harry Cooper and Georre McOee
Solo, "I Can't Tell Why I Love You"
A. R. Newhard and Nigger Chorus
- ' ¦•¦•• Local Jokes.
EULOGIES IN IT A LI A JJ SENATE.
Members Pay Tribute to the Dead
Composer's Memory. • *
ROME, Jan. 27.— To-day's session of the
Italian Senate was devoted to eulogies of
Verdi *by the president of the Senate and
Slgnor Sarracco, the Premier.
' "The death of Verdi." said the Premier,
"has caused universal sorrow in Italy,
a sorrow felt from the royal palace to the
lowliest, cottage In the capital and from
Rome to the humblest hamlet in - the
country. The Government joins In these
sentiments." .'• ' ' • .'
- • Signer Sarracco announced that a-mar
ble bust of the composer, would be placed
In the Senate chamber and that an oui
clal delegation would be sent to attend
the funeral, addinjj that unless Verdi's
will directed otherwise, the funeral will
be at the expense of the state.
MILAX. Jan. 27.— Although preceded by
a struggle .for life that lasted two days,
Verdi's death, when it came, was peace
¦ \?'C e did not rc eain consciousness.
wnen.he passed away he was surround
ed by relatives and intimate friends. The
announcement of his death created great
emotion.. Theaters, pleasure resorts and
many stores were closed and nearly all
the prominent residences were draped.
To-day the city authorities published
eulogistic- proclamations, which were
posted throughout Milan.
King Victor Emmanuel sent to the fam
ily a. telegram of condolence on behalf of
himself and Queen Helena, saying: i
1 "We join In the homage, regrets and ad
miration offered by Italy and the civilized
world to the immortal /nrmory of Verdi
The nation and the glorious art of ou.
country have suffered a loss so serious
that It Is beyond repair."
In his will Verdi asks that the funeral
may be "very modest " : He suggests that
It take! place either at daybreak or even
•tlde. and that the ceremony be without
music. "The chanting of two priests,
two candles and a cross will suffice,"
he wrote.
Many legacies were left to friends.
The date of the funeral has not been
fixed, but It will be probably Wednesday
or • Thursday.- The interment will be in
the chapel of the retreat for indigent
musicians, which Verdi established.
The Scala Theater 'will reopen after the
funeral, with a performance in aid of the
monument fund. King Victor Emmanuel
will be represented at the funeral by the
Crown Prince. The City Council adopted
a resolution to-day offering' to place the
remains In the municipal cemetery among
the lllustratious citizens of Milan-there
in interred. ,. -
King Victor . Emmanuel
Sends Telegram of Con-;
; , dolfnce to Family.
ITALY MOURNS
VERDI'S DEATH
Duet, "iou're All Right but Tour Money's
No Oood"..Geo. Farrell and H. L. Whitehemd
•Medley Chorus By the Niggers
OUO-PART H.
Song and Dance... , Bones
Fancy Dancing Miss Anita JenklnB
Stump Speech Mrs. Lulu Adams
Song and Dance Specialties
A. R. . Newhard and Miss Helen N'ewhard
Monologue Banjo
Zobo Sextette Band Mrs. H. L. Whltehead
Miss Agnes Sterling, Miss Alice Le Nolr. Miss
Agnes Brandt. H. L. Whitehead. Captain
i Harry Adams. . - • .
Recitation Levinla Chspln
Cak« Walk- and Specialties George Parnell
Duet..Mrs.Gertru<ie Summers and Miss Robblns
• A. R. Newhard and Sister".
Solo. "I'd Like to Hear That Sons A*aln"..
..Mr.. H. L. Whltehead with tableuax effect.
Overture— Curtain.
PART III.
NEGRO FARfK— "THE JURY TRIAL."
Cast of Characters: ' - " ¦¦-
Judge Frlck........ Captain Harry AdaW
r^ Wy ' r nil?,' &*? h ' H - L Whitehead;
Lawyer Phil Walsh Bones
Pat Crowe..........: i>PHo^»
£. fflC i5 r TT MUcheI1 ........Mlwi Lulu Neal
Clerk Hennessey , Mrn. Madison
Foreman Walter Manuel Miss Sadie Hallett
Juf y ••• • Alcatraa Drill Corps
Shortly afterward the weather cleared
and the La Gascogno had smooth sailing
into this port.
After the La Gascogne left Havre she
had not been headed westward many
hours when the first of the bad weather
developed. It came in the shape of galed
from • many points of the compass and
lasted for thirty-five hours. The first of
the gale, ,dui ing. the weathering of whicn
a ereat sea swept across the liner, was
encountered early Friday morning. In a
short time after it • began to blow. Its
strength had bo Increased in fury that the
vessel was rolled and uitchea In making
her way through the high waves. It wa3
shortly before 3 o'clock when a sea swept
across the port side forward. Lifeboat
No. 1 was caught by the wave and the
boat tackle of the davita was snapped.
The gale finally abated, but the following
day a second storm arose. A heavy sea
struck the ship on the starboard quarter,
crushing her No. 2 lifeboat, smashing the
chocks that kept her steady, broke the
davits flush with the deck, twisted all th<j
railings on the starboard side out cf
shane and knocked a hole about four feet
square through the turtle deck. The wa
ter poured down through this on to the
spar deck, making a fearful roar and
driving the steerage passengers almost
frantic.
NEW TORK. Jan. 27.— The French liner
La Gascosne arrived to-day with, two -of
her lifeboats smashed, the rails on her
starboard quarter twisted and broken and
her 400 steerage passengers not yet recov
ered from the (right occasioned oy the
battering the ship received from two ter
rific seas. The saloon passengers sufTercl
a moment of terror that will cause them
to remember the voyage.
# •-
Two of the Lifeboats of La
Gascogne Smashed by
Heavy Stas.
PASSENGER LINER
DAMAGED AT SEA
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— The Chronicle will
say to-morrow: It Is rumored that th©
Morgan - Harriman - Vanderbllt railroad
syndicate ia planning to buy out the Pull
man Car Company and absorb as far as
possible all the private car companies.
For some time. It ia said, the syndicate
has b««n negotiating for the purchase o£
a controlling interest in the Pullman com
pany. Just how far the negotiations for
the aosorption of the sleeping car concern
have progressetJ cannot bo learned, but it
is the prevailing opinion the deal Is on.
The Pullman company controls the
sleeping car privileges of every railroad
In the United States except the Chicago.
Milwaukee and St. Paul and the New
York, "New Haven and Hartford. In the
general plan of consolidation the two
companies doing business on those roads
'will also be purchased with, those of tha
Pullman. :
Mail Mills Eestrme.
NEWCASTLE. Pa.. Jan. 27.— The nail.
wire and rod mills of this city controlled
by the American Steel and Wire Com
pany, which have been Idle since last
April, will resume work Immediately, em
ploying over 800 men.' .
Dies of Plagne.
HULL. England. Jan. 27. — Another deatn
from bubonic plague has occurred among
the members of the crew of the British
eteamahip Friary, which left Alexandria
December 22 for this port.
Morgan - Harriman- Vander
bilt Syndicate Engaged
in a Big Deal.
PLAN TO BUY OUT
THE PULLMANS
¦ ,-. ..v i.-i; ¦ ¦ ..- '. ...
ADVANCE ILLUSTRATIONS FROM THE "NIGGER MINSTREL" PERFORMANCE TO BE GIVEN BT ALCATRAZ
DRILL CORPS. FROM BEHIND DISGUISES OF BURNT : CORK 'THESE OAKLAND LADIES WILL - RECK
LESSLY BOMBARD THE UNPROTECTED AUDIENCE WITH HOME-MADE JOKES.
"God Save the King" was sung bv the
congregation. The closing prayer and the
benediction were recited by Rev Martin
N. Ray. rector of St. John's Church Km"
T. R. Randolph of Alameda also took Dart
in the exercises^ v k
* "}y cll J nay . we be P roud and thankful
to live here in a nation whose sympath-'
and message of condolence was the firs'*
to rsach that stricken house across tho
"It was one of the days of England's
glory in which every nation was glad to
have a share. Noble womanhood's virtue
is not the exclusive possession of any na
tion. The secret of England's greatness
was not the monarchy but the monarch,
not the empire but the woman. And who
would not always be glad to take off hM
rrat and to bow his head to consecrated
woman? Victoria stands not as mother,
wife and Queen, but as the sovereign ben
efactor of countless millions of people.
"Time will not permit me to tell the
story of the enormous strides In human
progress which are the special feature.*
of tho Victorian era. N'or can I" dwell
on the advances of science, education, re
ligion and morality that have been greater
urinj % the last Bixt >' >' ears than during
the 1SU0 years before them. Victoria broke
down the narrowness and prejudices that
separate nation from nation. Let us
thank ood that her blood news throufih
the veins of fo many rulers of Europe. It
Is the best slgrn of the future for peaca
and prosperity. . *-*;«*.,..
"The life of Victoria stands for t.iree
great truths. The first Is that character
1 A lhe . su t» rel "e oualMratlon for offlc-
Character alone gives beine to the divine
righ L. to . rul< L mankInd - Second, her lif«
establishes the true relationship between
abso ute authority and coodness of heart
and life Third, she nas shown to all tl"
world that It Is possible for a monarch to
reign and to have an '.ntensity and depth
of personal affection .or the people fir
removed from the worlo's accustomed as
sociation of despotism with monarchs "
Dr. liryan concluded with a word' pic
ture of the second scene— the mournin" of
a nation for a beloved ruler. Then he
"Victoria, 'was not gTeat because she was
the Queen of a great empire." said the
eloquent young divine, 'Tor because sh»
was of the royal blood of the house of
Hanover, but because in God's hands shi
was Instrumental in bringing relief to
millions over whom she relgneu.
"There are two scene* in the- life of
Queen Victoria which stand out in bo.-t
relief, beacons to all ihe civilized world
The nrst Is that of ihe masnllicence and
splendor of the diamund jubilee of 1837.
The other is that of the bowed heart*
waiting in grief for the message that
should tell or the passing of a noble wo
man. I remember ihe nrst picture when
I stood amoog the 6,000,000 of people In
crowded London, the air alive with per
sonal and national enthusiasm for the
Queen. There wer« gathered from all ends
of tho earth the colonial and imperial
representatives of her Government. And
with them In the fore front were the na
tions of the earth, that great republic,
the United States of America., in ihe van.
And the greatest aria most imposing
scene of all was the btrvice In :ront of
England's ancient eathed-al. There tho
Archbishop of Canterbury, worthy repre
sentative of the great Church of Kngiand.
offer- to God almighty a nation's mighty
thanks for giving ko great an empire so
good a Queen.
"The Life and Influences of Queen Vic
toria" was the theme of the memorial dis
course by Rev. John P. Bryan, of;Stock
ton.
The choral rendition ot "Rock of Ages''
was followed by the *"De Profundls" and
a solo by Alfred C. Rea-1, "Gcd Shall
Wipe Away All Tears." Cho!r and con
gregation joined in singing "Nearer, My
Goa, to Thee."
After the processional hvmn. Miss
Gretchen Eennett <<ang Mendelssohn's
"But the Lord Is Mindful of His Own."
The opening prayer and scripture lesson
were delivered by the Hev. William Car
son Shaw, rector of the -Church of the
Advent. Rev. .Robert .Ritchie; renter of
St. Paul's Church, invoked ine pn»-er*
for the dead, according to the rkual/of
the Kpisoopai church. • \: \
In the pews on each side of the main
aisle were seated the members of St. An
drew's Society, Sons of St^ Georce aJid
Clan McDonald, eacn man wearing a
white rose of mourning- The remainder
of the church was crowded with men. wo
men and children until the ushers' were
compelled to close tho doors.
Five surpliced priests of the Episcopal
church, with vested choir and sacred em
blems, occupied altar and chancel. The
English ensign and the nag of th© Unlte.l
States were draped Dehind the altar, and
the reading desk was covered with the
Union Jack. Lilies of the valley, potted
plants and palms adorned the holy en
closure.
St. Paul's Church was entirely inade
quate to accommodate those who went
there to attend the solemn services in
memory of. Queen Victoria .this, afternoon.
Although the exercises were arranged un
der the direction of ti.e British "societies
of Oakland, the members of the societies
represented only a email proportion of
those who took part in the memorial pro
gramme. • •
1118 Broadwav, Jan. 27.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Sacred Rites at , St. Paul's
in Honor of Britain's
Late Ruler;
SONG AND PRAISE
FOR DEAD QUEEN
About three w«>eks ago Chief Sullivan
and Police Officer George Maley learned
that a man was living in this city under
en a?5=ume<3 r.aae wno was wanted for
the murder of Steve Pressey in Krath
County. Texas, in July. 1SS9. Chief Sulli
van entered into communication with the
Fh^riff of the Texas county, but the re
pi- broujrhi a description which did not
lit The Cnirf's suspec r . as to height. Sul
livan and Maley wore not discouraged,
however, but continued the correspond
ence, giving- the Texas Sheriff information
which led him to request that Kads be
watched pending researches which h*
would conduct at the Texas er.d.
This evenisut Chief Sullivan and Officer
Maley lirnught matters to a focus by ar
restir.g Eacs. Finding that the officers
were well supplied with facts. Eads made
& free ar.<1 full confession of the crime.
xie said that I'll ' biwj was hl<= father-in
law, and that they had a quarrel. Pres
fey tnok up a cobble with which he
threatened to Ftrike his Fon-in-law. wheiv
ujvm fhe latter aimed a blow at him with
b pir-re of lumber. The blow struck Pres
eey dead. 1-a.ds eays that he saw that
all the witnesses in the case would be
relatives r>{ Pressey and that he would
stand small phow in a court for his life.
*o he flf<i the country, going from State
to State and living first under one name
and then another.
Ells true jvame and the name which he
¦u-a= known by when he killed his father
in-law '.<= Frank Hyatt. His first -wife died
end he subsequently remarried in Wiscon
sin under the name of Charles Martin.
Coming out Wept and locating in Sacra
mento in 18P6. lie assumed the name of
Kads. He t-ays that he had no intention
f> deliver a fatal blow, and that he In
tended to return and face the charge, but
that he could not muster courage to d j
CO.
In the same prison to-night is Hen~y
Orerr., who confessed to the Sacramento
police that ho killed Owen Feeney In
Michigan iwenty-tlve year* ago. Th~
Mlohijran officials have \y»en conducting
a correspondence with Chief Sullivan and
urge that he be held by all means until
they ore- prt-pared to coire after him.
Kads Tv5il be taken to Texas in a day
cr two. Ufa wlfp resides here.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 27.— The local po
lice department has another clever cap
ture to its credit. A man who under the
name of George Eads has for five years
been a QMiet and well behaved employe
of tn* car shops cf the Southern Pacific
plant In this city is locked up in the pris
on, while cnier" of Police Sullivan has in
hi* possession a statement signed by Eads
in which h« confesses to a niurder com
xni—.ed in Texas in 1SS9.
Speda! Plsratch to 7b*> Call
Long-Sought Frank Hyatt
. Is Arrested at Sac
ramento.
ADMITS HAVING
KILLED A MAN
Pangburn e only Fister and sole heir Is
ar. Inmate of Ft. Igr.acius' Hospital at
Celfax. She is a widow and several years
;.*oungcr than her hard-hearted brother.
>t the time of her marriage brother and
Vtetar becan « estranged, he not approv
ing her choice of a husband. When she
became a widow he refused her aid.
Later, when throtigh sickness, she was
unnhle to earn even a meager living she
became a county charge. Appeals to
Pangburn was a pioneer farmer of the
Talouse country, living for the past thlr
»y-four years on a ranch near Hndlcott,
Whitman County. His death occurred at
Kndicott at noon yesterday. He was there
stiending to business matters and had
Suet eaten a hearty meal at Hooks Ho
tol. He started to rise from the dinner
table and with a groan sank to the floor
and soon expired. lie was C3 years old
end nwsarricd.
EPOKAKE, Jan. !T7.— George Pangburn.
B. wf!l-in-do bachelor farmer, who per
initu-d his only sister to become an in
r-.nte of the poor farm, dropped dead yes
:crday. The pauper Fister becomes heir
m tOrn property, including $10,000 in a Col
fax bank.
Special 3>ispatch to The CalL
Woman Inherits Wealth of Relative
Who Lets Her Become a Pauper.
the brother to care for her were all in
vain. She spent several years in the poor
house at the county farm, not .many
miles distant from the ranch where her
brother resided. Time after time fam
ily friends and county officials have
sought to heal the breach between broth
er and sister, only to have their efforts
profanely and vehemently condemned by
Pangburn. It apparently had been the
recert intention of the brother to Jeavo
the country, as he had started converting
his property into cash. The sister s health
has been failing. In fact, she was trans
ferred for that reason from the poor
house to the hospital. It Is believed she
may not live long enough to enjoy the
inheritance or to make use of a tithe of
the money, which, received earlier, might
have greatly mitigated her affliction.
She was greatly affected when the news
of her brother's" death was conveyed tJ
her In iier weakened condition it was
fenced for 9 time the effect of the shock
wcu<l be sorious. She hns announced her
'nunticn ot attending the funeral If the
condition of her health will permit.
i-*ricnds to-morrow will proceed in. the
Probate Court on her* behalf so that the
f'jmN l'rom her brother's estate may be
placed at her disposal at an early date,
that she may cease being an object of
charity.
BROTHER'S DEATH FREES
HER FROM ALMSHOUSE
THE'SAK' FRANCISCb CAMi, MONDAY; JXNIIARY 28, 1901. B C
/Mcatraz Drill Gorps "Nigger Minstrel" Performers
Ready to Er\tertair\ feople of Oakland. ; .
IN MIDNIGHT COMPLEXION
LADIES WILL CREATE MIRTH
- NEW YORK. Jan. 28.— The World's London cablegram sayst Andrew
Lang, poet and critic, has made a translation of the Pooe's "Ode to the
Twentieth Century." It will also be the first metrical rendition of Leo XIII's
superb effort to be published In the English language. It'xs In part ds'fol
lows: . ' : " *-". -. ¦ •
"Renowned in letters, famed In. art.
The age recedes. Of many a thine
Won from man's God. from Nature's heart.
Who will may slop. ,
"The glories of the. faded years' ';*;</.
I rather, backward glancing, mourn— '
The deed ill done, th* wrongs, the- tears. '
Of the ago outworn- ¦ .• - •- "• ¦"• '*J
"Red war* that reeked with blood, of mm,
Wide wandering license, scepters rent.
Fierce grille that threats the Vatican—
These I lament.
"Where is tny glory, stainless, frea,
City of cities. queenly" Rome?
Agos and nations kneeled to thee.
The Pontiff's home! , ; ;
¦ • • wn loitga now.
"Not made In God's b* . - . • .,..¦'
Is man— 'Us; thus the wise dispute-
But sprung from one safiie cell, they, tow.
Are man and brute. .
• ' .•",-¦• ,j ¦
"Jesus, the Judge of years to be.
Direct the tides, the tempest still, • .\ j£;\, o
And make rebellious peoples free*
To work thy will. • .
"Sow thou the seeds of happy peace
Ail evil drive from us afar,
And bid the rase and tumult cease,
-Of hateful war. .. . i-'^y.
"My course Is run. long, ninety years,
TUy gifts are mine. Thy grace retain.
Let not Thy servants* prayer* and tears
Be poured in vain."
9TIIE SAN FRANCISCO C AL,!,, MONDAY, JANUARY; 2 8, 1 901.
10
SA>* FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— IZi Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
S 1 "** 1 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£SS McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Lerkln street; open until 9:13 p. m.
1X1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
*261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tintll 9 j>. m.
306 Eleventh rtreet: open until S p. m.
10S6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftrwts:««.peii until 9 p. m. ¦ j
MEETIXG SOTICES." j
GOLDEN GATE Command— y No. 16. %¦
K. T.. Golden Calf huildlr.g. 623 Sut- 'Car* I
ter 6t_— Special ae*emMy THIS EVEN- JJ
1NO at i o'clock. The order of tbe «#
Red Cross will be conferred. All Ira-
ter» are courteously invited.
ROBT. McKlLLAN', Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
' I __I~ • I
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. I. Royal _*%_
A/ch , ; =. n.-<-ts THIS EVENING. T_2f
It A. Degree. f^T^
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and •
A. M.— THIS • (MONDAY) EVENING J_
et 7.3' o'clock. K:r?t degree. Ily order j£ 3f :
of tbe W. M.- \ »V> I
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary. {
HERMANN Lodee No. 127. F. and A. • !
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY <MON- _#_.
DAY). January -\ *¦'*'*¦. at ~ 30 p. m. "JT zf
Second degree. Hy order of the W. M. /V>
L. SCHU— ACHKR. BecreUry.
KING SOLOMON'S Lod«re~No. 260. F. m
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. Fillmore. _#%
between Hurh tr.a Butter. Third De- "*_ V
gree THIS EVENING, at 7:30. /\r>
HARRY BAEHR. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Amity .^-w.
nel-kah Lodge No. If'.. 1. o. ¦^""""SS" 1 '-
O. P.. irtll tr.eet at O<M Fe'.lowg' ?Z?<!*S?
Hall. TUESDAY. January 29. < %T»*S ;>
at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. to attend the funeral
of our late Bister. JCLIA Z. OIBBS. By or-
6*t IDA M. ALLEN. N. O.
NOTICE-To the shareholders of the <*^
Independent Red Men'a Hall Amo- **rtci^!a-
elation: You are hereby notified —_*"?-
that the annual general meeting of share-
holders cf the above association will take
place on TUESDAY. January 29, at 8 p. m.
in the Red Men's Hall. HO Bu*h st_
_ . _ % H. GRIEB, President.
B. A. SAMMAXN. Secretary.
RIGGERS* and Stevedores* Union Association.
— Regular .meeting THIS (MONDAY) EVEN-
ING. January 2S. 1SO1. at 7:30 o'clock. Busi-
ness of vital Importance will come before the
•neetlug. A full attendance !s earnestly re-
quested A. CAMPBELL, President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. fee.
THE annual meeting or the stockholders of j
the PI— ra Railway Company of California I
w'.ll be held at the offlce of the company, '
number *2!< Crocker building. City and County !
CT^?"" 1 Francisco. State of California, on (
..ION DAY. the 11th day of February. 1901, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose !
of electing directors for the ensuing year and i
the transaction of such other business as may
come before said meeting. }
__ _. _ S. M- RICKEY. Secretary.
r>ated January 2S. jjoi.
THE California Debris ComrmssUm. having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process rrom Peter H. Russell. In the Dad's I
Gulch mine, near Camptonville. Yuba Co..
to deposit tailingrs in Rrandy Creek; from >
Wm. Abbott and Louis W. Clark, in the ¦
Grili Hill placer mine, near Rackerby. Yuba !
Co.. to deposit ta: lines In a ravine below the •
rr.lr.e. end from E. C. and P. J. R!gn-y. In I
the Maxey mine, near Mountain Ranch, Cal- j
Kveras CflL, to deposit tailings In O* Neil's !
Creek, elves notice that a meeting will be j
held at room 5S. Flood building, San Fran-
c:s<-o. CaL. on February 11, 19C1, at 1:30 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the UNION TRUST COMPANT of
£an Francisco m-111 be held at the offlce of
the company In the Union Trust Company's
fculiaing, corner Montgomery, Post and Mar-
ket m.. Ean Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY
the «th day cf February. 1S01, at the hour of
S o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
s. board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of, the by-laws of
tbe company and the transaction of such I
ether business as may come before the mret-
lng. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNtTAX. meeting;— Rerular annual meetlnu of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Ccmpaxy will be held at the of nee of the
company. K7 Market ft.. San F— .nelsco. Cal.. K
ta MONDAY, the l«th day of January 1S01 ,u •
•t the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the par-*
re*e of electing a Board of Directors to serve?
lor the ensuing year and the transaction of i
such other business as may come befcre the |
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs- I
«lay. January 17. 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m. ;
m E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. j
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly i
Call. « pa^es. ser.t to any address In the i
T'nlted States rr Canada on« year for >L
AGEXTS WASTED. !
------ i
THE book war; Life and Times of Queen Vie- ;
torla; on!y official, complete bock; biggest |
er-i best; prices cut: CO per cont profit; 1C09
agents wanted; a million copies will be soli ;
in N days; valuable premiums free with each ;
b^k; credit Eiven; freight paid; general '
r,c<*m« wanted on salary: bock outfit alone i
¦nee: both book and premium outfits prepaid '
sor :c>c; crder quick. Address pole authorized i
American publishers. Monroe Book Company, !
Ohicsjro. i
AGENTS wanted— For "Life of Quwn Vlrf»- •
rta and History of Er-slund and Her Colo- -
r.les.' Large an« splendidly illustrated book;
biRsrest terms to agents; credit and freight
rail!; first iisr-nt around will coin money;
5— qulf-k for free outfit. Address Bible !
House. 132 N. l->th Ft.. Philadelphia. Pa.
AGENT In every town; new Imported house- i
hc!d necessity; heat" thing en the coast. 1
Artdress Dundee Mfc. Co.. 14 Flood bldg., S.F. j
S*W) TO SrOO ner month: men or women 1 : salarv !
*r comrr.1*sl«:n or both. SIT Market St.. r. 615. !
* ~*— •— * ~*—~ *»—•—, ,
ADOPTION. |
HEALTHY baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth Ft.. Alameda.
ASPHALTIM mgOPlNC.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
pa'.rf-d: postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. :
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private- !
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a I
specialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir.; tel. Red 36ie. 1
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON. 9?7 Market rt.. opp. Mason.
I*. S. CLARK. F/mma Spreckels bldg.. JC7 Mar-
Icet >t. : consultation fr**e; no fees In advance.
DATH CABIXKTS.
THE PERFECTION bath cabinet hes no equal
for la grippe. • pneumonia, colds, catarrh,
rheumatism, eczema and all ckin diseases.
Agency C6 El'ls st. : -- T
BATH CABINETS : ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
fection and others. Apency. 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
ELECTRIC llgtt bath cabinets to let and for
sale. 1T,»S Point Lobos ave.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wants one or two children to board;
good home; mother's care; reasonable. 430
Fulton Ft.
DLSIXESS CHANCES.
A— *5C0; CANDY and Icecream parlor ;~rent"$2?
a place estabL years and doing a good busl-
ae?«; owner compelled to leave city at once-
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 2$4 Kearny st j
A-<S00; CORNER butcher shop. In northern
part of city: rent tJO; horse, carl; selling 4
cattle and about 15 sheep per week; a cash
custom. Call It. G. WILKE. 26** Kearny st.
A— $3"«0; WINE and liquor business In Oakland
with agency for one of the. largest wineries
1n the State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private customers; located on prln-
rtpal PtrecL Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— <SCO; CORNER' grocery and bar on La net on
«. ; rent ISO; place estab. 20 years; must sell
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny.
A-JliOO: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon'
clot* to Union Iron Works; rent $60; 4 years'
leane; a first-class, paying business; owner
niurt leave for N. Y. to settle estate; Inves- i
tlsate and make offer. It. G. WILKE 26*4
Xearny n.
riRST-CLASS saloon; elegant fixtures; must
, sen before February 1; owner must go north;
trial given: easy terms: see this bargain
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
TO buy. cell or exchange real estate, store or
business place call on II. C. DECKER, 1020
Market Et. No charge for advertising. .
t:00— CIGAR stand; business corner: bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. 7774 Market. et.
$**5C*>— BUTCHER chop; prosperous country
town; business over $1300 per month. Mc-
LAUGHL1X & CO.. 777H Market Bt.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
Etore and basement, with fixtures suitable for
rrocery business; special Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
IJ00— PARTNER wanted; light business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with SIS to 125
a week: no experience required; trial given \
before buying. 9 Geary rt.. room 2.
iron-RESTAURA NT: block eo. Market, clears. .
1100 mo.; rent $40: 3 Ilv. rms. Baslle, 3 Eddy.
•RESTAURANT and coffee saloon ; daily re-
celpt* about *f£0. Call at place, 410 Kearny et. 1
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— .FEMALE.
"iOUNQ lady. 3 years', experience, desires situ-
• atlon ' as stenographer and typewriter; also
acquainted with bookkeeping; references. A.
M., care ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oak-
,, lEnd. ;• ,"• > . ¦-<¦ ,-;.• .:
REFINED young lady studying music would
¦ like- to devote afternoons to^some lady as
companion. Address 1509 Larkin St.; at home
mornings.
WELL educated business woman will assist
with general office work a part of each day
In return for desk room and use of typewriter.
Box 1338. Call ofHce. ,
DRESSMAKER from the East wishes work bv
the day; tailor-made suits a specialty. 1532
Polk st. - \
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to care
for children or as lady's nurse; best of ref-
erences. 1C67 Mission st.
WANTED— Respectable lady wishes position
as housekeeper for' elderly gentleman^- 520
Bush 6t. '
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work at
| home. • Address 943 Sutter st. ; telephone Lar-
i kin . 932.
P.ESPECTABLE woman' wishes a situation as
¦chambermaid; work or go out by the day.
Call or address 602 Howard st.
GERMAN woman would like work by the
* day. Address German Woman, Call branch
offlce, 300 Hayes st.
DRESSMAKER wishes more engagements;
¦ city or country: $1 50 per day. Address Z.,
box 1337. Call office. . ¦ ' ¦
LADYi' wishes position as housekeeper or sew-
ing ar»d mending at home. 150 Fourth st. .
GERMAN woman wishes situation as working
housekeeper. Box 1403. Call. ' \
WINCHESTER House. 44'Thlrd St., near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night. $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable;- free 'bus •
and baggage to and from ferry.
advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
• Valencia st. "
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
SCANDINAVIAN wishes situation where a
good, steady, reliable man is needed; ex-
perienced borsemans gardener and good milk- \
er; willing to make himself useful In any
capacity; good references. Address box .1454, ,
Call offlce. ¦ :-. - ¦'/¦
COMPETENT man wants situation; tak/care .
of horses; good gardener: handy wltfi tools, ;
or will tak$ care of Invalid. Box 1453. Call.
ENGINEER and all round mechanic and elec- ;
trlclan. No. 1 ctty and country references,
would like position In healthy locality; saw-
mill, mines or country town preferred. Ad- •
dress E. B. H., 1124 Thirteenth ave., East
Oakland. t ¦- '¦ J
SITUATION by steady, sober man as. foreman
on ranch or willing to do any kind of work; '
handy with all kinds cf tools; first-class ref- •
erences. Address GEO. BURROWS, 417
Kearny st., city. ,
GARDENER, German, wishes situation prT
vate place; understands greenhouse, orchard,
vegetables; references. Address box 1429.
Call offlc. '
WANTED— Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er In gen. mdse. store In country by reliable
American; single; 30 yrs. age; 12 yrB. expen-
"ence; good refs. Address L. F.. box 1223. Call.
YOUNG married man. small business, desires
position In wholesale cigar, grocery or sta-
tionery house. Address box C, Call branch,.
200 Hayes st. •
YOUNG man with 6 years* experience in busy
office desires position, or will accept any
other kind of work. Box 1411, Call office^
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires -
steady position. Address HENRY KIKHL,
New Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave. I
UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer wants posl- ! .
tlon in a hotel; references for flrst-class work;
small wages. S. JENSEN. 911 Bush st.
GOOD all-round house painter wants steady
work; country preferred. Box 1407, Call.
YOUNG man (German) would like position as
bartenders clty_«r country. Box 1419, Call.
ENGINEER wants situation to run gasoline en-
gtne. Box 1303. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22CO Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia street. ! '•
FKATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have ¦
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated •
by the latest sanitary process may . address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO let — New flats on Euchanan. St.. between •
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.'; 6 and C !
rooms and bath: all the latest improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN ft CO., 14 Montgomery.
- . i . i
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery at. •
A— 5-ROOM flat for rent; price $10. 87 Norfolk
st.. between Eleventh and Twelfth.
NEWLY renovated upper sunny flat. 8' rooms,
bath, garden, etc.; $20. 82S Lombard sC
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22 i
Sumner St., off Howard, near Eighth. I
Bl'SH. 12O9H— Flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. Apply
1213 Bu«h et., basement, up garden.
MODERN flat; 8 rooms, bath; good order. 112S
Howard St.. near Seventh. . - .
IF you want to move pet printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SACRAMENTO. 1365—2 bay-window flats of 3
roon-.s; gas; rents $12 50 and $7.
$10— COTTAGE of three sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave. ; 1*4 blocks from Market St., bet. Gough .
and Octavla. ¦
$14— SUNNY flat. 6 large rooms; bath; gas;
large yard. 3S30 Nineteenth St., between Noe .
and Sanchez. , ¦
$9 60— SUNNY flat. 4 rooms. 129 Ivy ave., cor- .
ner Van Nese, near Hayes st. \
$12 CO. $10—283 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flats of '
6 rooms, bath, gas; sunny. : .
3 LARGE sunny rooms; rent $7. 80 Silver st.' ;
FLATS TO LET — FUKXISIIED. :
NEWLY furnished flat; responsible parties
only. Call 1 to 6 p. m.. 937 Hayes St.. near
Fillmore.
FUnXITUnE FOR SALE.
RARE CHANCE.
Brand new and elegant furnishings of mod- •
ern i-room flat for sale at a bargain; sun all*, i
day; centrally located: rent of flat- $30; all
cash not required If responi-ible. Inquire Gll-
bert & Moore Stor. Co.. Murphy big. 1236 Mkt.
SUNNY 5-room flat completely furnished; fine
furniture and carpets to be sold reasonable, j
Call U to 3, 1411 Mason st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $43 40. with No.- I
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
NICELY furnished corner house of 6 sunny :
_rooms: all rented: a bargain. 874 Howard.
FURXITURE WAXTED.
Auctloneer-U Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel! Polk 694-
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets, !
etc.. see Vf. E. Cody, 737 Mission; tel. Red 3353. '
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market at. : tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
; price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
t - .'__ GAS EXCISES.
NOTICE to gas engine buyers— The J. vori Ser-
Key combination gas engine- Is the latest: In-
vention; It Is the best and cheapest: It is self-
etartlng under, full load and reverse without
cluthches or gearing; is noiseless and is very
economizing and simple. 108 ¦ Main «t., • San
Francisco, Cal. Price $40 per horse power for ¦
medium slr.es. /. "¦-¦- .' !
HELP AVAXTED r — FEMALE.
A— 10 CHAMBERMAIDS~for *Pfirst-class hotels
In Southern California; . $20 and half; fare,
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. . 7
WAITRESS,. Bakersfleld^O and fare; walt-
resa, Fresno. $10 and fare: 2. waitresses,. Pasa- j
t oena. fare. C. R HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary.'
WAITRESS, country hotel. J20. good place; 10 ;
chambermaids to wait, city and country." $25
and $20: waitress, city hotel, • $25. , MISS .
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st. ' : " ' :.-. : !
SEAMSTRESS, $25; : cook. * institution; $30; * 25
second girls; io cooks; 100 houseglrls;- good •
wages. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 • Sutter : St.' I
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established t 12 :
yrs.; trade taught; class now forming: terms
easy; references given. 1107 ! Van ¦ Nei» . aye. . ;
WANTED— A girl to wait ¦ at table - in res-
taurant; wages $15 per month. ;• Call . 195
t Tenth st. :.¦;.¦¦¦ . i .-:¦ ~V '¦•'.'.'•¦'.
NEAT girl for housework and plain ' cooking. '
» Glen Park ave., off Twelfth St., near Mis-
-slon.\ .r v VV, ' ; '- '¦".. ¦¦'¦¦': ¦'". "•'-<' ¦
YOUNG girl for small family: plain cooking and .
housework. Call 9 to 12 a. .m. at 1810 Laguna.
TWO first-class hairdressers.. 234 O'Farr ell St.; :
>> between q and 4.; : - . - v^ ¦;;•:.:•-.-,¦ , v -
WANTED-Oirl , for general housework and ;
plain cooking. 305 Scott st. . ... ..-;:.-, -,
GIRL to assist In light housework and to care ]
.for child ;v |10; a- month. > Call at'1928 Mason. |
BCSIXESS CHAXCES^— COXTIXUED.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established
' profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
solid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to bell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties
will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally in the management of the busi-
ness; capital required $5000 to $10,000; full
value In eight; books and business open for
Investigation. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &
CO.. €32 Market st.
A— HOTEL near Union Iron Works; big bar-
gain: come quick. COWING & CO., 719 Mkt.
A— RESTAURANT; north Market; with living
rooms. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
I A— HOME kitchen and delicacy store; fine Jo-
j cation. COWING A CO.. 719 Market st.
I FOR 6ale— Whole or half Interest wholesale
| fruit business; 22 years established. Box 1451.
• Call office.
PARTNER wanted: export. Import business;
011 established hout-e. Box 1452. Call.
SALOON for sale; flrst-class locality; estab. 30
years; call at 2 p. m. 100 Clay st.
! BAKERY at auction. 143 Third st.. Tuesday,
I Jan. 29, 11 a. m. ; paying bus. ; investigate.
CORNER saloon; sunny living rooms; must
be sold before February 1. 554 Fourth St.
I OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
| Call Business Office.
I
I — — — -
$2250— BOARDING and lodging house, with bar
and bakery attached. Including building and
long ground lease; pays well. Apply E. W.
HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery Et .
AA— $400; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect; cifrars, periodicals, notions.
Waltlng-roora, 22d ave. station, E. Oakland.
T.ONG-ESTABLISHED watch end Jewelry re-
pair shop for sale; low rent: centrally lo-
cated. Address box 1408. Call offlce.
TO lease— Hotel, 21 rooms, unfurnished; good
paylnx bar. furnished; San Rafael station.
J. SHEARER. San Rafael.
LAUNDRY route in largest and oldest estab-
llEhed laundry in city; $450. Address box 1325.
Call offlce.
FOR sale — Fine route In Oakland: over 600
papers: price reasonable. Apply 1321 Pacific
ave., Alameda.
LADY with small sum of money would like
partner to start business: must have some
capital. Box 1327. Call offlce.
FOR pale— Good-paying hand laundry, and
furnished house for rent; no dealers. Minna
St.. near Seventh.
ESTAB. restaurant: suitable for couple; In-
cluding property. E14 Central ave., nr. Hayes.
: {75 WILL buy small lunch house doing nice
I business. Apply 90SU Howard st.
$500 — CANDY store; choice location. C^ll 927
Market, r. SOS, 12 m. to 1 p. m., and D to 5:30.
MAN and wife want ranch to run. Box 136S,
' Call office.
130 WINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
i LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlce. . ¦
$300— HALF Interest In Job printing offlce; long
established; plenty work. 402 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRAN'CH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia St.
LODGIXG-HOTL'SES FOR SALE.
2S-ROOM house, clearing }Vti
per month. Price only $1430.
36-room hou«". near O'Farrell and Powell.
Price only $lS00.
16-room house; clears $100; price $730
3C-room house: clears $100; Pine Et i
1« rooms: north of Market ft 750 |
EO-room boarding-house; clears $300 5fK)0 |
10-room flat; downtown 500
14 rooms; on Mission st 500 I
f-0 rooms, new furniture; $1000 cash 2000 ]
18 rooms: on Third st 600
46 rooms: fine corner: clears $200 XSO0
24 rooms; on Geary St.: clears $lf.0 1900
28 rooms; on Kearny st.; clears $150 1600
33 rooms; on Market st 1400
If rooms; clears $75 4iO
W>0 others— Prices from J100 to $23.OC0.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 70S.
'SAMPLES— Call for list. Money loaned.
£2 rooms; Busb: rent S135; price $3000
ES rooms; Powell; rent *CX>; price . 3100
40 rooms; Ellis; rent 2.V); price.... 6w»t j
37 rooms; Powell; rent 175; price.... 15*00
17 rooms; Van Ness; rent 90; price 1C00 !
12 rocms; Memn; rent 35; price..-.. 323
7 rooms; Hyde; ' rent 23: price 350
42 rooms: best paying location in the city: al-
ways full; H cash, balance at 1 per cent: $4000.
Lodging-house wanted for good as new all
modem home. 3 blocks from steam & electric
And houses all locations, sizes and prices.
Restaurant for sale or exc. for Idg-house.
A. L. WILLEY, 915 Mkt., phone BJack 5215.
MARION GRIFFIN. MONEY TO LOAN.
719 Market: near Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03.
10 rooms, rent $35; income $60 $400
14 rms.,cor.G.G.ave., rent $40: respectable 600
15 rms., cor.; rent $J3, Income $130, 1 floor;
$300 down and 1 per cent Interest on b. S00
53 rooms, rent $40. Income $116 700
27 rooms, velvet carpets; oak and cherry;
respectable: clears $171 month; snap.
40 rooms; rent $100; a bonanza 1600
10 room?; fine as silk: .clear* $183 3000
A new house of E> rooms full of roomers,
new furniture and fine carpets 7000
LODGING-HOUSE owners— I have a number of
10 to 15 room houses and cash to exchange for
houses of ZZ to 50 rooms.
Also 20 acres; fruit land, nr. Fanta Rosa;
price $2500
A stock of general merchandise price $1000
A choice building lot. S. F price $6C0
2 gc-od building lots, Oakland price $S00
Any of the above to exchange for lodging-
houses.
O. W. PCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1?11. 917 Market St., bet. Eth & 6th.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; can
puit all buyers; employ 6 persons who are
dally adding new houses to list; title given
with each house sold; money loaned buyera;
no fake prices; value given for your money;
before buying call and be 'convinced.
O. W. SCirWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. 917 Market St.. teL Mint 1811.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
Telephone Mint 1591
47 rooms: Al location: part cash $2700
60 rooms; north of Market 2700
S6 rooms; Funny corner 2100
31 rooms; worth $2500; reduced to 1300
20 rooms; corner (new); rent $GS 1300
WINDSOR HOTEL
By order from court we are authorized to sell
; the Windsor Hotel, corner Market and Fifth
• sts.. San Francisco, to the highest and best
bidder; contains 165 rooms: rent $600: long
lease; fine business; nicely furnished. DAVIS
& RIVES. Columbian bldg., 916 Market st.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
27 rooms; money-maker; near Market.... 1900
i 20 rooms; Van Ne?s; finely turn.; extra.. 850
; 15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 60 900
10 rooms, u:A: io rooms, quick 850
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
I ANDREW PRICE & CO.. M Keamy St.. room
I ft— Big bargain list In offlce; money loaned:
clear title; houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO., SO Keamy st.. rm. 6.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, '.S
Sixth St. /
FOR sale — A 11-room house, well furnished;
piano: flrst-class location; good paying house-
price. $1000. Box 1347. Call offlce.
WANTED— To buy or to take charge of It:
: Lodirlng or boarding house, with . CO to 100
rooms. Box 13C3, Call offlce.
$f*."0— 24 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished-
all rented; low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
NINE-ROOM house: all full; cheap: cause, poor
health. 255 Stevenson St.. near Third.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pages. *ent to any address In the
United Ftate» or Canada fin» year far O.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 853-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned nt-8c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S.* 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.: 402 Sutter st •
teL Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market et.
COTTAGES ; TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, six rooms and bath; yard
and basement; half a block from Geary-st.
cars; rent $14. 19 Johnston ave.. Richmond.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3S33— Cottage of .3 rooms-
large yard; rent $S. -_^ j
COTTAGES WAXTED.
WILL pay spot cash for small house or cot- I
tape; stats full particulars: what you have
?£» !o , west caeh J» ri c«; no agents. Box 1422, ¦
Call oiflc*. . I
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAm", world-renowned spirit-
ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits,' divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed.. Frl. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently, located.
M3 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
EARLE. 305 Taylor Bt., corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. Gllllngham; meetings Tues. and Thurs.
eves., 10c; developing clr. Frl. eve. 305 Larkin.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
MRS. LESTER— Readings 50c; circle every eve.
ex. Eat.. 10c: devel. circle Wed. eve. 222 Turk.
MME. .MAJORS, Rifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. • 146 Eddy st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer: sittings daily: tests to all to-night; 10c.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112*4 Oak, trance medium;
readings $1: hours 1-5 p. m.-: tel. Howard 527.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently located at 17 Third st., next
Examiner building. She reads your, life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur in the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
£atl£fled In life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consults this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mail; write for Informa-
tion; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
unseen forces is Invaluable to professional
and business men. to wives and lovers: follow
. her advice- and you will make no mistake.
1104 Market Bt., corner Mason, room 23.
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born -with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 128 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist,, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
€th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader:
free tests 25c up: 472 Stevenson. ¦- cor. Sixth.
MRS.VALEEN, palmist, clairvoyant, card read-
er and magnetic healer. 215 Leavenworth st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, la the great palm.
1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny, r. 8-10.
MME. 6CHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader*
sittings dally. 44S*4 Jessie st.
MRS. MelvllI, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken: tel. Howard 1846.
MME. SYB1LLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
DENTISTS. ,
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platfs our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 £0 up: plates, extractions free, U 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A-DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
'unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 CO; fillings. 60c; plates,
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LTJDLUM HILL. 144J Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates *re
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 60c: gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 983
Mission St., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult, plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. 50c.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ei-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S.. 1206 Market su— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and brldgework.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. '
6ET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
TOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. ¦
EDUCATIOXAl.
EVENING SCHOOL, S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market St.; Individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches:
civil Eervice coaching; tuition $3 month. '
ALL students but two taking full course this
>ear got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. '
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months: catalogue free.
AT the Women's Educational and Industrial
Union, 7 Van Xess, French, German, Span-
ish, mandolin, violin, guitar, hairdressing,
manicuring, dressmaking, millinery, painting
and elocution taught for $1 50 per month-
singing and cooking for $1 per month.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.-
Khorthand. typing and bookkeeping; Robert F
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of •
shorthand.; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24. Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night seF3lons;new 80- page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract.
' and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin Bt.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan" or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MATHEMATICS, languages, preparation for
college and civil service: backward pupils
successfully taught; large experience; creden-
tlals. Box 1358. Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St.. r. 53.
A SPECIALTY-Perfectlng beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figtres; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, minlng.~mech.. sur- i
vey, assay. Cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tlce. Merkl. reliable teacher. 1008 Mission st.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFllippe'sArademy
cf languages, 320 Post: estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
ELOCUTION, physical training, voice culture
for speech. Calhoun's School. 625 Sutter st.
, •- OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.;e§t
1870: practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese : help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters - and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133.
JAPANESE and ' Chinese . employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell gt.; tel. Hyde 2191.'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese : employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 5188.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-^Japenese. Chi- i
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5C72.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Ofnce— I
Best help. 4U*4 O'Farrell st ; tel. East 426.^
KMPLOYMEXT jjj WASTED FEMALE:
COMPETENT cook desires situation in an In-
stitution; good city references. MISS CL'L-
LEN. 325 Slitter st. , .
FIRST-CLASS French- chambermaid and seam-
stress desires situation, ¦ good city references;
also french nurse and seamstress, references.
MISS CULLK.N. 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes' a- situation
as housework; good . cook; references. , 912
Howard st. 0 ' '¦'¦' ' -
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position:
$23 a month; references. -Box 1417, Call office.'
A YOUNG girl wants a situation at * second
work. t Please call Monday; at 217 Polk st. . : *
WANTED— Situation by an elderly •". woman •
general housework. Address 211 Fifth st. - ,
HELP WAXTED— rM ALE.
WANTED— Gardener, must .be experienced and
- generally useful: references - required. In-
quire 436 O'Farrell st. .
SAILORS ordinary seamen and green hands;
allparts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
kef 700 rooms. 23c night: reading-rooms; free
•bus and baggage to and from ferry. - *»
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office. TX.0 Fllteore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements ana
eutscriptlons has b*en established at 109«
Valencia st. ' ¦ ' "~
~~~ nEMORRHOIDS. gj _____
XNY^a^ToiTpiles. Piles. J*Ues. Pll^a; over 2C0
permanent cures among busmess men of San
Francl«co alone; men who can be interviewed,
no surgery, salves cr ointments: no interfer-
ence with business during ut&tmwl. JortvT-
tner particulars add. Physician, box 19 5 Q. Call.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES Ifor sale: also wagons, bungles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcad- Horse Market.
j?7 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOTLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — Cheap, for want of use. pair younc |
ir.ules. 4S4 Merrlmnc St., Oakland; forenoons '
or any time Sundays. j
GOING out of business: cab. harness and hcrse. i
Apply at SIS Stanyan st. ' -
THREE fast road horses; al«o some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
$1W— A FINE horse, new buggy and harness
for sale. 714 Tehama st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also ll^ht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. S32 Mission.
HOISE9 TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
culsr. O. H. UMBSE.V & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GROVE. 825— House of 9 sunny rooms; modern
Improvements. Apply S23 Orove st.
SUNNY corner; 6 rooms and bath, yard, etc.:
rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st. and
San Jose ave.. bet Valencia and Guerrero.
6 ROOMS, bath and basement; 14 Reed St.:
rent $15. Apply at 1^5 Washington st.
HOUSE CLEANING.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1J»O:
removed to 419 Devlsadero St.. tel. Fell 138.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Pair . rimless eyeglasses, gold spring,
near Zlnkand, Man. 26. Return to E. HER-
MAN. 2743 Lombard St.; reward.
LOST— January 26. 1901. white and brtndla
greyhound bitch pup. Return to I. GORMAN,
j 1726 Bryant St.; reward.
LOST— Red Irish setter, with large leather col-
lar: reward. 76 Third st.
LOST— Coach dog belonging to ALEX. Mc-
CORD. Return to Fashion Stable, city.
LOST— Gold watch and chain: Inscription
"From Mother to Mamie, Xmas. 1835.** Re-
' turn to City of Paris Dry Goods Ofnce; lib-
eral reward.
THURSDAY night, corner Golden Gate ave.
and Market su. young pup. resembling St.
: Bernard. Reward .If returned to room 1. 702
! Market st. j
Wanted— O!d gold for manufacturing. O* Nolte.
Jeweler, 248 O'FarreW; bet. Powell and Mason.
! OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bcught. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market tt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '.
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fllmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertlsemrnts and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
: Valencia *t.
»*~"~— — — —^— —^^—^^¦^¦^¦^
MATTRESSES A5D riLLOWS. *
I MATTRESSES~ANd"pILLO*.VS, tel. South 792, ,
rrade to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine up-
i bolstery; exaert carpet-cleaning and laying.
j HOPKE BROS.. 31S and EO Eleventh st.
—^ — — —^— »— - — "^ — ¦ — —^™ i
medical; .
i DR. G. W. CDONNELL, moved to 101S Market,
| opp. 5th; world-renowne'l ladies' specialist;
pafe. reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be us*«J at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call en him. ,
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market St., cor. Sixth— .
Safe" and reliable ladles' physician; treatment .
$5: positive cure Biiaranteed: when others fail
ccrlsult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 10O7H Market, eipert on dis-
eases of women; IS years' practice in S. F., a .
cure guaranteed; $*• at offlce; have cured thou- !
sands of cases; unexcelled success: see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.* ;
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free.. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market— Ladles*
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed: ladles treated can return same
day: HINDOO HERB home cure: stamps, dr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles" spe-
clallst; safe and «ure cure. $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles*
specialists; new process: sure cure; no med.-
: cine ;every woman her own physician. 323Kearny ,
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies* specialist; home
for patients. £04 Eddy *t.
DR. NO TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
»^^—^ —^—
MIXES AXD MIXING. j
r r r . . i ¦
LEARN something this week about Montezuma I
• copper; we'll give you lnfn'matlon. AMER- J .
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO.. selling
' agent?. S10 Safe Deposit building. q . F.
MIXING AXD ASSAYIXG.
ANY person eolntf to Klondike or Forty-Mile,
Yukon can receive some valuable Informs- <
I tlon by calling or addressing J. H. BARKER.
3C9 California St.. room 16. t>et. 12 and 2 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTfiSH fe WOLPMAN. 19*i-197 Fremont su .
.BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand-, we always
have a larse stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made; ;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN 1017, 1015. 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR SALE— Furniture of S rooms complete: '
heavy double and buggy harness; baby car-
riage, etc. ; mu5t sell by Thursday. January ,
«. 1901. A. C. KULL. 3237H Sixteenth st.
BUY a brand-new "typewriter for *S down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 403 California
st. ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
jV— BUTTS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st-
A TYPEWRITER for shorthand work fnr $S;
cost originally $T3. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
-A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale;, compound
beam. Apply «t 216 California st.
FOR SALE— A good mastiff watchdog. Ad-
dress C. P. CHRI3TENSEN. Santa Rosa. Cal.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shaftin*
at a bargain. 634 Mission st.
ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgomery St.. se.l
• at low figures all makes M-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enstnfs and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Cc.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 51S Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planer?, lathe*; 2d-nand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C3 Montgomery st.
S\FES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lantern*, new and Id-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
• WALTZ SAFE. 109-1X1 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
WANTED— To buy a good horse and buggy or
carriage: must be in good condition and
cheap; describe fully. Address box 2070, Call
office. Oakland.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
brac, old gold? 109 Sixth st.: phone Jeas'e 141.
BOWS & arrows. Woman's Archery Club. Unl-
veralty of Cal. Bo-r 2077. Call offlce. Oakland.
LADIES* and gents* rast-off clothing bought A
scld. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom: teL Folscm 1131.
WANTED— Upright piano /or cash. H L.
WHITTCHEAD. 1710 Market St.
iJSIONEYTO LOAX.
A— MONEY to loan at rateT^lch^pTople^an
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc • do
not borrow. of your friends or you will 'lose
their friendship; do business with stranger*
antT you will be better satisfied; no delav- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 306 Market st."
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
• Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates .•
• ••... Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sixe*
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. «» Market.
J^^ Y TO LOA5T.
ANY amount at 6 per cent :1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN tt OLSEN*
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S16 Market
st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A-$5CO.0OO ON city an d country real estate an4
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
eraK J. _BROWysTONE. 11 Montgomery rt.
I '^ V , nST ratM on furniture, etc.. by privat*
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds^
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE8THAL. lOslJS";
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker.
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room Vi.
MO.VEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 41. Merchants* Ex.. 431 California^
¦ i'CO.tt-0 TO loan on real estate or for butldlntr-
low rate. Hnme Bldg. Co.. 223 Sansome. rm. X.
I LOANS. 1st or 2d mtss; cltv. country: g% : un< H_
vlded lnts.: estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
Al'STIN'S Salary Loan Ccr. 3M Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLET CO.. 321 Parrott building.
3! ONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low ra». 917 Market St.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried Deople on note withottt
1 ndorser. MORRELL. T>09 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. B. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
HV9IC4L- KSSTlltnMEjrrS.
ANT person having cse for a piano caa b« ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay ft Co.'" with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the beat
of their rrade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
•within three ytSars from data of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold, for $S caab, and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some rood
pianos for $3, U and Si per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter ats.. Saa Francisco:
comer Broadway and Thirteenth at.. Oak-
land.
A— GUILD square $37
Hazalton ...................... SS
Novella upright — 73
Marshall & WanJell small upright 13S
3 Steinways $125. KB, 2V>
2 Chlckerlngs $U3. *»
1 Heine (over 5000 In use) X8S
30 new pianos at $152. HEIKE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.. affrtits Hallet A Davis, oldest,
exclusive and most famous piano la exist-
ence. Our new rent contract, you hare prix-
Ueg;* to exchange or return piano If not sat-
isfied. Old pianos taken In exchange. Hallet
& Davis preferred.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hons*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER ft CHASE'S. 28.
•¦28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all rrades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
5 ORGANS, from $25 to J«0.
3 second-hand pianos, from $75 to $115.
4 new uprights, from $130 to $195.
Guaranteed; easy payments. BKN7AMCT
CURTAZ & SON. 18-18-20 ©Tarrell St.;
Chlckerlng agency.
FOR full particulars of the great piano sale
now going on at 3IAUVAIS" music store read
the display advertisement Is the Bulletin to-
day. In the meantime ko to the store. ?»
Market St.. and see the beautiful assortment
of pianos to select from.
QUEEN VICTORIA, her grand life and glori-
ous reign; send seven stamps for sample.
THE J. DEWING CO., Ran Francisco.
A FINE stock of rew and second-hand pianos
at "DEWIXOS, 12 Flood building; a new up-
rleht. $170.
ON SALE— J2S3; Hallet-Davis upright; cost
$573. Room 33, 217 Geary st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. S14 Post.
BARGAIN"— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next HIb. Bank.
A NEARLY new irrand trprtght cheap: brtlllant.
powerful tone. HORNXTNG. tit McAllister St.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storur*;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MATTZY. agency Sohmer A Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Speilman pianos. 3CS Post.
SPECIAL SALE— Immens* reduction*: se« oar
leader, only $130. BRCESN. SOS Post st.
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market «.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In ctty: new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CTRTAZ. K9 Hayes st.
ST'PERinn violins, zithers, old and new. H-
MCLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place,
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In th«
Unlt»d Etat»3 or Canada one year for Q.
postage paid.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
sts. : occupied as grocery and bar for 'past
30 years: rent $20: water free. Apply to Ot
H. L'MBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
STORE suitable for grocery and bar. 4 living
rooms; also 4 rooms over store. 4499 Seven-
teenth st.
! FIRST loft: 23x123; liirht all over. 57> M2s^
! slon st.. opp. W. F. Express bulldlnr.
OIL.
ONE of tbe best opportunities erer offered for
person to ccme Into oil company where, land
Is owned. In proven territory, and help fur-
nish money for development; a small amount
of money will rive you a large block of stock*
a chance for only a few more. Address or
call Winchester Hotel/ room 519, between 9
and 12 a. m.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. J3O Pine street. "
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
25C0 ACRES oil land: $3 to $3OW. per acre. W
C. HAMILTON. S Flood building.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
¦ KERS River:" proven territory; line of K." 1U
i NVwtnn C^ryn.n » Swnw r. 1IM. Chrnnlclo.
PAIXTERS AXP DECORATORS.
'Wall paper, window, shades: rooms papered. S3
an. Jensen ft Bath.30S Sixth st. :or*n evenlnr*.
PALMISTRY.
MRi*. BALDWIN'. tauTolTthe" Chlrologlcal Col-
lege of I<os Angeles, has opened a school la
this city; scientific palmistry taurht; read-
lngs: hours 10-12 and 1-5. 399 Powell st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLJ. scientific palmist. 113
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Poat: tel. Black IS1.
PATENTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charce unleas succeaafuL
GHO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSOXALS.
"QUEEN cf Hearts. Merced. Mlipah." '
FOR adoption— Pretty little blue-eyed rlr!.- 1
year old; also healthy boy baby. MR.
FRANK, please call. MRS. DR FVNKE.
1418 Eighth st.. Alameda,
THE Willow Bark Co. will pay $ioo to any on*
treated by them and not cured of absinthe,
liauor. ©''Im-i. morphine, at home or «anl-
tarlum. 1SS3 Polk st.. San Francisco.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC light In every room- Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
T..c to JI SO per night; Jl CO to $8 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1 1 * 1 ' %V *' <1r<> '' s Pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 320 Kearny st.. near Tine.
WHY guess r You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. *. I>OMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
FRED MANN*, magnetic healer, has returned
• nd wt;i be glad to see old patients; head
troubles; weak eyes. S4S McAllister st.
PRIVATE detective work: skillful Investiga-
tor; low rates. Box 1338. Can\offlce.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
e'.ectrlc needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Suttir St.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mktl
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; Cc; all druggists.
ALFRED1TMS Eftyotlan Henna: restores gray
hair tr» Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
PHTSICIAX9 AXD SURGEOXS.
¦°R- Jr C. O-DONNELl^-Offle* and residence,
lC*3h Market it. between Sixth aad 3«vjntX
, l HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAT & CO. ...... .Phone Main 1575
.:...^..... HQTEL DEPARTMENT
5 waitresses, Coronado Heath, J20, special
' rates; 3 waitresses, Pasadena, $20, special
I rates; 8 waitresses, first-class city and coun-
try hotels, ?20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20;
2 : chambermaids, 515 and SIS.
:,.. ...FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German cook, $25; French second girl. $20:
houseglrl. Email family. Presidio, $25; 10
houseglrls, $15 to $20; nursegirl, 1 child, hotel.
:$10. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
WOMAN or girl for light housework and chll-
• dren. 33 • Morris ¦ ave. . . . .-. ¦
WANTED— German girl for general house-
work. Apply 414 Van- Ness ave.. bet. 9 & L»
GIRL for light housework; apply after 9 a. m.
496 Fell 8t.
GERMAN girl for housework; must sleep
home. .1053 Market,' bet.* 6th and 7th. upstairs.
COMPETENT girl. American family, general
housework; call after 9. 719 Cole st.
WAITER, wanted for all round work in res-
taurant. 37 "Eddy st. ...
GIRL for general housework. 36 Belvedere
St., bet. Frederick and Wallen
WANTED— A young girl to take care of baby.
1629 Golden Gate ave., near Scott st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress for Hotel Montrose,
1020 Van Ness ave. '
SEWING machine operators wanted at Vv*\
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32*4 Fremont
st. Apply to MR-DAVIS.
OPERATORS on electric power «wing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAELS, 531 Mission.
WANTED— Young girl to assist light house-
work; plain cooking; small family; good home
to right person; $10: advance; Box 1427. Call.
WANTED — A grood German girl for upstairs
work and attending children; good wages.
Call at 3801 Clay st.
WANTED- Courteous .woman | of good Judg-
ment and Intelligence for permanent Oakland
business ; refs. ¦ Box 2081. Call. Oakland.
WANTED-AA reliable, earnest -woman 'about
$30. Box 1423. Call.
GIRI^S to sew on belts; also eorder. 12S1
Broadway, flat F. MRS. VBIRS. f
WANTED— Coat finisher. 24 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED finisher; custom coats. Call
10 to 12 a. m. to-day at .923*4 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED finisher; custom coats. Call
at 923<4 Folsom st.
GIRL for general housework, no cooking, no
dlahwashing, $20. 1562 Post st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reoelved at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fl.'lmore-st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phono Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, country' hotel. $75, fare advanced:
cook, country hotel, $50, fare advanced;
broiler, hotel, $50; hotel butcher, $35; 2 wait- |
ers, country hotels, $25 and $30; polisher and !
stareher, country, $15 '
English couple for private place, man coach- i
man, wife cook; colored couple for private j
family, $40; man and wife, private place. $35,
see party here;, harnessmaker, railroad
camp. $2 a day, free fare; engineer for dred-
ger, $2 50 a day; farmer near city, $30. C I
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. J
A— YOUNG man as assistant clerk must be
a- stenographer and typewriter. $30 and in-
crease. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & RKADY.... ,.Pbone Main 5S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY....
3 laborers, city SI 73 day'
6 farmers and plow teams ters.. 120. $?5 and J30 !
2 orchard hands, no pruning $20 and $26 i
3 milkers $25 and $30 i
2 butter-makers and milkers $23 and $20
farmer and wife, ranch, on shares [
3 choreboys. ranch. $15; ranch blacksmith; 3 j
cooks, country' hotels and restaurant
4 waiters, city and countrv $25 and $30 i
MURRAY & RKADY. 634-GS6 Clay st. I
A— MACHINE blacksmith; large , mn.nufactur-
Ing company: $3 50 a day. 'MURRAY & I
READY, 634-636 Clay Bt. i
WANTED— Cook for Central America. SSO per
month; German or American, understanding
French kitchen; free transportation. A. F.
L'RAGO & CO., 24 Montgomery ave.
JOURNEYMEN" Barbers' Union meets TO-
NIGHT. 32 O'Farrell st.. 8:M o'clock.
I. LESS. Secretary.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS* Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
CANVASSERS wanted for "Life and Reipn of
Queen Victoria.'-' by the eminent historians.
Prof. Chas. Morris and Murat Halstead:
nearly 6C0 pages; size 7x10; 100 richest illus-
tration!": greatest and best; tremendous seller;
only $150; big book; big commissions; credit
given: freight paid: outfits free. Address
The r>omlnlon Company, I>ept. V, 334 Dear-
born St.. Chicago.
WANTED— Active workers everywhere to take
orders for "Life of Queen Victoria," 600
pages. 200 Illustrations; lowest retail price;'
biR commissions; credit given; freight paid: •
outfit, postpaid, free on application. Address
Globe Bible Publishing Co., 723 Chestnut St.,
Philadelphia. Pa. .
WANTED— Steady, reliable man to attend to
half Interest in restaurant; clears $75 per
month; No. 1 chance to suitable party. Ap-
ply 615 Larkin st."
WANTED — Steady man to assist In plain cash
business: will pay $15 to $18 per week: $125 ,
cesh required. 1016 Mar!:et St.. room. 10. 1
WANTED— A German pastry baker, a German
cook and a white dishwasher at once. 426
(5e»rr st. -
WANTED— A flrst-class wrapper and delivery
clerk at RAPHAEL'S. Inc.
BARBER wanted. 21S Montgomery ave.
TWO flrst-class coatmakers wanted. Apply
MARTIN BROS., 17 Stockton st.
GET your sh»es half-soled while waltlnr; '25c
to 60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTKD— Dishwasher at 1506 Kentucky at,
Potrsro. . . .
DISHWASHER wanted. 629 Davis St.
WANTED— Elderly man as night Clerk. Call
at 149 Third St.. at 9 o'clock.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 2197 Powell st
WANTED— Bootblack; barber shop. 6 Market
street.
KRRAND boy between 13 and 15: call after 9
o'clock; reference required. 1CS Sixth st.
COOK wanted small restaurant, general work,
$25 and found. 1224 Point Loboe ave.
WAITER wanted at 133 Fifth st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Hctel Montrose. 1020
Van Ness ave.; call 8 to 10.
"WANTED— Errand boy! Advocate Press, 320
Sansome st. , room 4S. r^
BARBERS, attention— For sale. 2-chalr shop.
• wjth 3 living roomy. 1612*4 Folsom. nr. 12th.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; object of sell-
ingy go'ng to Bakerafleld. 105 Ninth st.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between, the ages of 21 and 33; not
lets than u feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch In height: able to read, write and
¦peak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 40 Elila
st.; Ban Francisco. Cal. . ,- ,
WANTED— A man and wife without children
'to work on a small fruit farm; 30 miles from
9 San Francisco: wife to cook, man to work
on place; rood home: parties' must furnish
references. Box 20S0. Call office, Oakland.
MEN OR WOMEN.......
. ...............Paid Mis Commissions
TITICA CLEANSING COMPOUND" COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st. . •
MEN. wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
"nducements;" catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGF. 635 Clay St.
llfiO-rSTEADY man, for -partner in corntr sa-
loon. . Particulars 247 .Fifth st.; cigar, store.
WANTEI>-100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c Boston House. . 930 Howard st.
BOAT builders, bench-hands, ehlp' carpenters,"
: Joiners,- caulkers. 618 Third ft.. S. F. x -
TWO lunch waiters wanted. _; Call early, Pow-
ell and Beach sts. ¦ y_ -
¦WANTED— Al refractionist graduate optician:
salary $120 per. month.: Address box 1402, Call.
WANTED— Laborers ¦' and mechanics to know
that , Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, stilt
¦' runs . Denver Hou.«e, . 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25o per night: ;$1 to $2 per week.
BRIGHT ' men of good: address; money ad-
vanced • to i right party. ¦ Call between - 8 and
9 a. ra. at 3n; Po*t st. ;^V*fJ9fiB9BBBBRB*l
ALL sizes men's shoes.' slightly damaged, half
price. V E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition
\afS. F. barber school. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Two good , trunks makers. D. D.
' WHITNEY. - Los Angeles. Cal.
PENSIONS^-J/ H. • Bhepard & Co.. old reliable
nrnv 806 Market, room W, Phelan building.PALACE HOTEL.
Dr Fowler.«N J JD Norton. Mexico
IfM Guquax, N.Y F Lawrence, Mexico
W S Kelly, . Leadville A Maynard. Mexico
E C '.VTiltmore. Butte EC. Edwards N Y
DS Ralston, St Louis C Rockwood & w Ind
C P Sullivan. Ky , J D Bradley & w in
Dr. M P Anderson, Colo A H McKay. LoB.Anir
A L Levlnsky.Stocktn Mrs G W Cutter cil
K S Kmith. Chicaxo * Mrs C Betton Cal
O O Wilson, Stanford C G Betton Cal ?
J J White, Clnn M Abraham', Chlcneo
E C Vooorhies. CdI J A Murphy Chlcafo
H Andrew & w, Boston J H Church, NY
J A Lewis. ChicaKO . J- W. Barr, Chlcoso
JB Pteenbook, Mo C A Carpenter Chicae
H Loombridge. L An» H V Alverado Martin!
C W Cook. NY. .1 R Brown New York
J H Black. NY Major Mercer., D C
A L Barker, NY D Kocheperger Chicaa-
P.M'de I^eon Ecuador W Johnston &'w N Y
J F Parks. Jackson C C McCullls X*Y ¦
A H Eiftman^: Minn O Rosenberg & w V Y
R a Ford, Chicago M Schleslnger & 'w III
A B Cohn.St Joseph Mlas Hurley. Boston
L Langley, - Victoria— Miss S Hurley, Boston
T L Cral*. Los Ang E P Rlpley, Cal
Judge E M Robs &. w, P Morton, Cal
Los Angelen' EC Chambers Cal
C Wheeler. Phlla- • J J Byme. Cal
W'C *reasdale, Mo ¦ Mrs E E Sprlnjrer Til
Ml«s A Teasdale.' Mo • Miss S l>otan Chl'caito
C H Lyford, N Y A G Wells, Los Ana
E S Gordon & w. Cal H E White \am Ane
W R Laughlln, Idaho E J Engle,' Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
G H Jarmson. Cal - H G May, Kans'
J G Kerfoot, S Quentln W W Goldsmark, Pa
E Semmel.Cal ¦¦-¦ J Barnes, Seattle
" T Grant & f am, Utah R B Butler, Fresno '
T G Kimball & w, Cal F Lee, Seattle -
P M Rohr. Santa Rosa F B MurrJhy & w Minn
H L Smith, Vallejo O H A.lams & w.'ilont
J L Frances, ,W& dau, H P Mason, Bakersfleld
Oregon W T Ellis Jr. Marysvl
J C McCord, - Orejron O I Stadman & w N Y
H T Smyth, S Lorenzo [Mrs C E Hooker,* Alajsk
J McConaKhy. S Lornzo Mrs G A Dine*. Seattle
EASaper, Palo Alto D .Wilson,
J R Brown. Stockton F B Gregory. Victoria
S G Dlnwood. Berkeley J D Alkin* &'w Colo •
H S Williams, Cal ¦- Mies Alkine,: Colo "
M1K9 Smith, VancouveriG R Bauer, Stockton
f E Sherman, S BarbraIN 1> Allen. Mo '. - '
Sirs E McClanshan.Cal O S Waterman, Cal
«1 V Oawford. Chicago N"R H Weldon. Cal
J J Morey, Watsonvlllel-W C Sanderson, Kan
W H Webb. Salinas R B Burns, Los Anx ;
J W:\Vftlker. Cal ' : . G Basback. Seattle
Mrs ; AM Smith, 1 Minn J Glassburg & w. Mo
R Farnell. Nev -..'¦• I> Sullivan &.w, .Reno
II C Veatch. OroviUe • . H Morris, Fresno
JH Read, Sacramento T E McShane Uavanz
F M Mauson.: Merced J Fitzgerald & fin B C
E C Hart, Sacramento . J Rosenberg. Woodland
K C Cary. Sacramento! 13 Borach, Yolo
W C -Beuchamp, Cal ', ' -.-. .
N E\V WESTERN' "HOTEL!
G : Blake, : Butte :. : J Bain, Tacoma
G E Patterson,' Wash ; M Eager,, Tacoma
J Murphy, Seattle _ M Hansen, Loa Angeles
J. Rossi, -SuMer Creek J R Mitchell & fm, Cal
F Carter, Eutter Creek J Mutin.BC;- r
R.Talfor, Crockett' • Mlea Mayer B C*
B A Compton."' \Vls - . • ' •¦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
i London and San Francisco Batik'd,lmited)*ta
Caroline H. Robinson.nlot on N line of Pacific
street; '40 E of Baker, E 28 byN 127:S&M3300.
.•William Osburn to- Mary" Osburn, lot • on N
line of Page Ftreet, 137:6 W of Shrader, W 2E
by N f 137:6; Kift.- ¦; ,.: .•* ' • ¦""•;.
• Charles S. and Carrie li." Booth' to' Cora' B.
Dean, lot commencing 211:6 N "of Nineteenth
street and 67:6 >W of Guerrero. W 32:6. N 52:6,
E ICO, S 25, W;71:CH; SE 27:6; gift. . .
A. J. and Mary E. Allen to Ellen S. Mont
gomery; |ot"on N line ot Twentieth street, 153
E of Sanchez, E 73 by' N 114: also lot on E line
of Guerrero street. 123 N of Sixteenth." N .65.'
E 225:10. S 50, W'75, S'16. W 150:10; also lot on
S line of -Sixteenth street, 233:6 E' of Dolores,
K 65 bv H 110; also lot on E line of Dolores, 160
N of Twenty-first, N 100 by E 82:«: also lot on
K line of Rlley street. 113:6 Wat West Mission
W 42. N S4, SE to a point.- S S8:6;- $28,000. .
Hlbernia Savings and L»an Society to Henry
E. Bnthln. lot on NW corner Battery and Mer
chant streets, N 72, W 97:6, S 43:6. E 6 inches
S 23:6, E 97; $42.Sft> ' - .
Annie S. Church to Fannie Hullivan. lot on
N line of Rlplpy (Pleasant' street, 10S ' W of
Taylor, W 29:6 by N E2; J7000.
Emma SchokneclH to J. C. Schoknecht, lot on
W Iin5 of San Bruno av?nue (Xebraska street).
50 S of Nineteenth (Dime) street, S 25 by W
100; $5. ¦¦
Alice R. Guffln to Mary A. I>oj»an, lot on E
line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 100 N of Clement
street. E CO by N 120; *650. | .
. Estate of Adolph Sutro fhy Emma L. Mer
ritt and William R. H. AdaoiRon. executnra) to
Jacob Hpyman., lot on SE corner of J street and
Great HlKhway. ,S 37:6. by E 120; also -lot on'E!
line of Great Highway. 212:6 S of J street S 25
by E 120; J1500.
Same to tame, lot on E line of Great Hieh
way. 262:6 S, of J Btreet. S 100 by E 120; also lot •
on E line of Great Hlchway, 62:6 N of K
street, N 100 by E -120; S40TO. . ,.
Annie M. Carver to Evallne A. McCarthy lots
26, 27 and 28, block 47, City Land Associa
tion: cift.
Walter T. Sachs to Herman W. Newbauer
all interest in the estate of Samuel L. SachV
deceased. No. 18,871, and In the estate of Louis
Sachs, deceased. No. 10.513: 14500.
Same to Julian H. Newbauer, -same, $3500."
REAX, ESTATE if TRANS ACTIONS.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 27.— The: funeral of
W. Amaya took place this afternoon
under the auspices of the Native Sons. A
special train brought members of the
Order , of -Railway .Conductors: .and
Brotherhood of -Trainmen- from San Fran-
Cisco to attend the funeral.- -. : ¦;: «
Funeral of W. Amaya.
San Francisco data— Maximum J temperature
62. minimum 46, mean 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST:
Over Western Washington. Western Oregon,
Nevada, Southern California and Arizona the
weather Is generally cloudy and threatening.
Over Northern Carllforrila and Utah and the
eastern portions of 'Washington and Oregon
generally fair weather prevails. Rain has
fallen quite generally over Southern California,
and light showers in Arizona.
The pressure has fallen over the central por
tion of the Pacific Slope, and a trough of low
pressure extends from Eureka southeastward
through California to, the Mexican boundary.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary In all districts.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy weather
and showers throughout California Monday.
Forecast made at fan Francisco for 30 hours,
ending midnight January 2S. 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy weather, with
showers Monday: cooler in northern, portion:
llKht variable winds.
Southern California— Cloudy, with showers
Monday: lieht west winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Monday; probably showers In
¦western portion.
Utah — Partly cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Cloudy, with showers in southern
portion and snow In northern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather,
with showers Monday; cooler: light southerly
winds. •: • " O. H. WILSON.
Local Forecast Official.
The foUowin* are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the game date
last season, and rainfall in the l<>.st 24 hours:
<l?0th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FR.VNCISCO. Jan. 27—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Neal was discharged from the County
Jail recently, where he served a term for
vagrancy. About two weeks ago he, with
a fellow prisoner, climbed the wall of the
Jail yard while employed in piling wood,
and escaped. Deputy Sheriff Tombs re
captured them near Healdsburg two days
-later. • ¦¦*- > ¦ •¦¦. -- : - v .- v -- .•¦.>• ¦_
•SANTA ROSA, Jan.' 27.— Edward Neal
was arrested by Deputy Sheriff Frank
Blanchard this noon, charged with rob
bing- the general merchandise store of P.
Rousheimer at Penns Grove last night.
Neal confessed to the burglary when
taken to the County Jail. He said that
about 12 o'clock last night he cMmbed up
to the side window at the upper" story
and with the aid of an old knife succeeded
in opening the window. After' securing
about twelve or fourteen dollars In cash,
some sardines, a large amount of tobacco.
some; nuts and ¦ other eatables, he made
his 'way toward this city. The officers
were on the. lookout for him in response
to a telephone message from r*nns
Grove, and when N'oal made application
to McGrejrory: & Hockin's livery stable in
this city for a horse and cart to take him
to Sebastopol, he wan. taken In tow by the
Deputy Sheriff. :He. had but $6 60. and ten
packages of tobacco on his person. Neal
says he' has- more- 'tobacco and other stuit
hidden in the creek bed, and~he had spent
the remainder of thu money for some new
clothes. .-. ., ...
Grove Confesses.
Man Who Entered Store at Penns
BURGLAR IS CAPTTTRED.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1901.
11
STATIONS.
[ Lost I This » Last
24 Hours Season. I Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
Pan Francisco ......
Fresno ¦
Independence
San Luis Obispo
l»s Angeles
San Diego
.0«
.44
.38
30.33
15.73
11.J3
13.01
7.43
4. S3
21.60
8. <S
3.66
33.72
14.85
I 13.31
H.2S
6.13
2.C9 J
' 12.50
4.67
2.62
STATIONS.
[ Lost I This » Last
24 Hours Season. I Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
Pan Francisco ......
Fresno ¦
Independence
San Luis Obispo
l»s Angeles
San Diego
.0«
.44
.38
30.33
15.73
11.J3
13.01
7.43
4. S3
21.60
8. <S
3.66
33.72
14.85
I 13.31
H.2S
6.13
2.C9 J
' 12.50
4.67
2.62
Commencing Seotember 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. »9:15. 11:00 a. m.. »1:45.
3-16 4:00, 5:16. *6:15. 6:40 p. m.
'EXTKA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDATS-*8:00, -10:00, •11:30 a. m.. 1:15,
3:15. »4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m. f
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY8— 6:20. •«:*>, 7:45, »:30 a, m..
•12J0 1:45. .'3.30. 4:30, 6:20 p. m.
EXTBA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
6UNDAYS-«:20. *»S:00. 10:00. ?U:4S a. m..
•1:40. *2:15.«rf:43. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qu-ntln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, «:4S. 7:55, 9:30 a, m..
l">- 35, 2:10, 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:05, 10:03 a, m., 12:05, 2:15, 3^0,
B:00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. wcefc days— Cazadero and way
stations.
¦ >1:45 p. m.' Saturdays— Toroales and. w»y
stations. ,
8:00 a. rn. ¦ Sundays — Tomales and way
stations.
Vi« Sou»aHto F*rry.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
5^£^£_TOJLET— -Porn, nnd Unfarn.
IS20*Market st.-Sulte of 2 oTJ
rraa. private; bath; sin, rms; board optional.
L ni2^ 1 la £ e - *5- off Taylor, near. Post-Fur-
Sr « aulte unfurnlsh * <i rooms to let; 6lr, S !<j
M la A i; L dSrf> n> < 7lI=s tinny back parlor and
large double room; bath and gas; reasonable.
M |££win^L ££ n<?r ¦ Eljrhth-Newly furnished
»»y Tin^w room; $1 per we P k; transient.
:^hed^^^^^~^:
j ItOhEDALE Hou?*. S19-S21 EIll^ «t -m33T
I "'•'"»• to »=
j nOVAL Hou«'. 128 KUis St.— Incandescent lieht"
| reading-room. *mokln s -room and ladles' par-
: lor: room*, per nieht. 35c to Jl 50- week 1 j tn
U; rr.or.tl.SS to J30: elevator on ground <W
I roolIi ' v ' itn hrvt ¦nd_colil water; baths. •
SACUAMEXTO, lfill— Two sJn^y fuTnlshed
rooms. .
I Apartment House. IS Eighth sL~
; near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. '
J SHOTWF.LI., 211— Three or four rooms; bath-
j Ifiunury.
' STOCKTON. i:'.:-Nice front furnlghed "rooms
! for hr.useke»pir.gr: rent cheap.
1 Sl'N'XY rrnnt rooms: nicely furnished- cen-
! trally Incated. Hox 1343, Call ofilcc.
EUTTEn. 3?fl'i— Chanped hands; newlv reno- :
vated: sir.ple rooms. JS: suites. $12 to J23 mo.
TAYLOR, oil (Norwood) — Rooms en fuite and
flr.ple; r.lione; hot and cold water; sunny.
VEBSTEK. 2319- Large sunny bay-window
room; sas: bath; no other roomers.
I CLAS^Il'li:!"* advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore et.
1 A BRAKCil o:n> % e for Call advertisements and
I fut;scr!::tioris has heen established at 1096
I Va1»n.-'» Ft. ¦
i— ¦ - —
ROOMS AMI HOARD.
! EI<KOANT1.T * newly furnished sunny apart-
' m*-nt«« with or without board; cuisine unex-
I celled. llC^H Broadway, cor. 15th St.. Oak-
i land, top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSOX. Trop.
¦ AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
j Church, with annex SO? California «t.. may
j l>e found a most exceptionally good table, at-
! tractive and sichtly rooms at modest rates.
1 GOLDKX O.VTK ave.. 1204— funny su!»e par-
iuis; alcov» room; with nr without board.
ROOMS and board: p'lces reasonable. 415
Fln-t rt.
I ROOMS WAXTED.
I WAXTED-Two or three unfurnished rooms;
•unny side of street; light housekeeping;
north of Market and east of Flllmore 8ts.
Box 1414. Call office.
WAXTED-! to 5 centrally located unfurnished
rooms; give full particulars. Box 1430. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenant* eJertPd f"r tt: colle'-tinns made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLT^nCTIOV CO.,
j 415 Montp'-mery st.. rooms MO; tel.JSSSO.
! SEWIXG .MACIHXES AXD SUPPLIES^
AI^I^ kirds b<-upht. Fold and repairing guaran-
teed. C'isriee P'.ambecK, 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
| raided: open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
I EOl'GHT. yold. rented, repaired; needles nnd
Fhuttl^s; reduced rates. 145 Cth; phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAItEHOPSES.
! PIERCE-ROWI.PH Storage and MovTns~Co?;
| office. Tost anJ Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
j WILSON BP.OS.. Ftorage and moving: covered
I vacs. T«>);th anil Market: phone South 763.
j 1;EKI.\S Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel Main 1S40: phirpintr at cut rates.
i """ mm "^ "~ mmm " m ~ " mmm ¦"¦^ " m •^"^— »^^^^^^—
TELEPHONES.
i TELEPHONES, house or private lines. J4 50 a
I set; electrical work Installed. 1336 Pt. Lobos.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIESJ
GREAT BARGAINS IX TTPEWRft'ERS-We
yell better rr.achir:e!« for les^s money than any
h'iu«e in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
F.xrharpe. QC <" a ]jfcrnla; telephone Main 266.
niVIDE\D JjOTICES. ' "~"
j DIVIDEND Notice.-Callfornia Wine^ amo-
i elation.- Dividend No. 18 of sixty cents per
Flirt has beon declared, 'and. Is payable on
and after Monday. February 11. 1301, at the
Colon Trust Company ot San Francisco
ftork b.-oks will rlose on Tuesday, February
| 6. !KL at 3 o'clock p. m., up to which. date
i tranF.'ers of stock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. By order of the Board of
Directors.
HKXRT VAX BERGEX. Secretary.
f UIVIPEXD Notice— Dividend Xo! U3 (fifty
; <-pr.t? r*r Ehare) of the. Oceanic Steamship
Companv. will he payable at the office of
the cempany. 327 Market St.. on and after
Friday. February 1. 1901. Transfer books will
clnse on Saturday. January 28. 1S01 at 12
<i'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES—flEATHS.
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHISHOLM-In this city. January 27, 1301. to
the wife of R. G. Chleholm. a son
JOHNSON— In this city. January 22. 1S01. to
the -aife of Frank Johnson, a daughter.
MABRIED.
P ?£i T^ R ~r, SIM3 ? ON ?~ In this rlty - January 27.
t 2*h£LP a ? m J?L' John A ' B - Wlwn. Charlei
A Porter of !-an Francisco and Grace E
Simmons of San Dipjro.
DIED.
Bauer, Ausust Lindner Felix
Beck, Mary McDougal! Daniel
Broderick. Jamea J. McKlroy. James A
Browne. James McKerrow Henrv '
Cullen. Edward McKevltt. Mary
Cunningham, Eliza- Mcl'hillip* John J
r*th McWIUlams. Mary'
Crais. Michael Mamaugh. Margaret
Crosby. George Mayer. Kllen lI T?
Dalmas. Laura Milne Duncan W
De Luca, lacopo O'Brien. Hanna '
Efner. Oeorce B. O'Brien William '¦~' : -
.Fltzpatrlck. Margaret O/OtmaeH. MichTel F.
Glbbs. Julia Z. o Connor Marv
GrannlEE. Col. G. W. Paulissen Henrv
Hamilton. Charles H. Qulnn "Patrick
U aI 7- ,} i0Tr> -L I^rfmond. Joseph J
Henderlin*. Herman Rvan Michael
Hilmer. O,m. H. L. Schachmi^f^Mra. A
BAUER-In this city. .Tanuarv 26,' 1901 Au-
gust, beloved brother of Adolph Henrv ind
the late Carl Bauer, a native of *iud?r ?'g£-
m^V^ Ke 2 a y * ar " 10 ninths and 3 day.
* "PT , n<J f and ac <4 u alnta.nce« are respect-
""I'f"' 1 to attend the funeral tD-raor^w
(ruesday at 2 o'clotk from the parlors of
H. T. Suhr &. Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
lonic C^n^rv * Ei 8 h th. Interment Ma-
E^?i K ~J n So r V lh u S f n Francisco. January 26,
]« ti: m I dearIy iov^ w'fe of the
i?J-* i T T TT B * rk> . and Gloved -mother of
Frederick. Henry Jr. and the late John Beck.
ilf v i- e of SchIeslR lK-H'jlgteIn. Germany,
ajred Sj ytars 10 months and 2S daya..
CT Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Mnndap, at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, is*, Twenty-ninth avenue nouth, be-
twr-en X and p streets south. South San
Jranclfco. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
terj-. ' ¦
BItODErtICK-In Sausallto, January 28. 1901,
James J., beloved eon of Mary and the late
John Broderick, a native of San Francisco,
are* 16 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this <lay
(Monday*, at 10 o'clock, from the residence
f<t his mother, gaunalito. thence to St. Mary's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his eoul,
commencing at 10:30 'o'clock. Interment at
Fpuriallto. .
BROWNE— In Oakland. January 27. 1901, at
U22 Eleventh avenue. James, beloved hus-
band of Aen«< Browne, and father of Harry
and Ray Hrowne. a native of New York,
axM 11 years and 4 month*.
CRAIO-In this city, January 27, 1901, Michael
Cralsr. a native of Ireland, aged 78 years.
CROP BY— In this city. January 27, 1901. George
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagran & Oallagrher.)
r>AXICLP. IKJNOVAN. Mgr.'-
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AXD EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth Kt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. V \ . .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
27 and 29 Fifth «t. TeL South 167.
1CNLRAL DIHECTOAS ANJ tUBALMSRI.
Finest F^aipmer.t at ' Moderate Rates.
MeAVo7^CoT™J
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, B
1J33 Market tt., between Sthand 9th. I
' Telephone South 247.- I
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
L^ave Market-Street Ferry Depot,
Local Llm'd Ovrl'dl Local
Dally. Dally. Daily. Dally.
Lv. San Franl 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
A r. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
"Merced .. 12:25p 1:17 p 1:13a
"Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:06 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 8:27 p 7:06 a
~ Visalla,.. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:03 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:20 a
•• Kan. City 2:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morninc. d for afternoon.
9:00 a. in. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
flr«t class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored 'on this' train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. . Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, -which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7-20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stoppins
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— €41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. -
BATXWAY TBAVEI^
I Rapid I
I but . I
I Restful 1
8 §
jg The great 75-honr train g
0 on the Santa Fe, San g
V Francisco to Chicago, is §
b known as the <3
§ California |
1 Limited I
j6^C^^DOOOOOCrOCPC83SCrgC»
moi!tmkrx rAririr conpiit.
(rioinc sTsrBM.l
TrslM IVMVO Mil »r» Unm tn nrrlf* ••
NAK m A. %«:!»««>.
(Main Iin«, Foot of JWrk«l Skreel) »
LKAT1 — From J.\SUA*r 1. 1301. — AEXIT1
7:3Oa Benidm. H.iUuu. Elmir*. V»c»»ill«.
Kumsry *ji.1 a»or»ineuti> 7i4.">r
7i3Ua DkTia, WnodlftQd. Knfghts Lsodlnj,
Mirysfille, «>rotlll«. 7il3p
¦f:3l>* AtUotlu Kxpress— Ojden »ad Ewt 12il3r
»:Oi»* MwUii«x.H»uU».-not».V»Uelo. N»ii».
< »:i»t.'»» »n.l S»u« Uosk «il»F
S:OOa VOf, Li'«rmor<s Trier, Lathrop.
8tocktoa 7iI3p
¦:SOa Shut* 1 tprriw-Dfctis, Wililanujfor
Bartlatt. Springs), Willows. Red
BlJifl. FortUmt. T««*
• :m»* 8*ii Joae. Litfrmnte. Htockten. •>
line. Hkcrsinonto, rUcrrTlUe,
MtnsTDK Chleo. U«<l ItlutT 4iUf
Ht8OAO»«cUlf. Chinese, honor*. C»rt«n... 4ilSr
Wt«tt* H»y war -Is. Niks »nd W*j SUUons. I li 13 a
•JiOOa Lorn AngelM ExpreM — Mwtlues.
Tracy. lAtbrop. .->u>c<von. Meiced
FrMnu snd Los Angolea Til-ip
0<3«4 Vslleju. iUtllnox »n<l VV»y HUtlons »i4»p
IW:uua The OT«l»ii(lLliiilt«d-Ogd«u. D«a-
»-r. Oio*h*. Chlcmsi •^SP
1Ii««a Nile*. Stoekton. MacmDRntn. Man.
dots. Kruno, Haafuxd. VUkUa,
rortanllle «»»**
11:00a Lltermore, Banfsr. Oouen Jua»
tlon. B*kerrtfld, horn Angeles
tl:©4>r SacrnineiiU. iafe»S«*«nKMr» f'lww*
S<*«r ]Uyw«J«. Nilea »ud W»» Stations. »>43p
4.O«r Mmrtliie/, «»¦• lUraon. Vullejo,
Ii».m. C«lUtu«». S«hU Uos» »i!3»
«i««p Oeuic!*, Winters, a««r»m«nl^
\Voo<U»ml. KhiJits l.dudlni,
M«y»»iilr. Or<>*lil* ••«*»»
4>a«»pH*yvards. Mle. »ml IHuJom....... 4***2*
3:OOr Nlles, Ii»«rmoro. 8to«kt»m. Lodl ... IOi4»a
•3:00? Uu>i«et limited. El Pmov New
Orle»os *ad Kut clOllS*
S:O«pTh« Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
lUkersflieM. Haiigna for b»ut* B*r-
b«r». Los Annel«i. l»«l»*
9tNrN(* Otl<f*a« Eipross-IUk»nifl«l<l.
8»uU l!*rli*r«. J.c« Atg-les. Dtm-
Ing. El Pmo. New Orleaus »ud
Eut 7i4»4
•iMr BMwudi, J!ilo<»iid»au Jom 7>»4
t«:O«r V»llelo ll»*»*
«i«0r Oriental Msn-OgJan. Chejenne.
Omsha, Chieaco 1»:13»
«:O«p Orient*! MaJl— Ogden. Deater.
Onsmba. CbkrMO. *«!3r
TiOOr Otrgoi« utd C»!lf»rnU Kx|>r«aa.Hao.
rni.ient.1. M«rj«III-. Kn.l.lliijf.
PortimM, Puget N. i.ii.il snil Kasl iii.">A
ItOSpSan Pibto. Port i\uu. MarUaea .
>n.l Way UUUous Ili43*
I*HM»p T.ll.jo 7M»y
COAST DIVIMOM (.farroi* <•«««•).
(Footof Murkftritreai.)
»«l»ANew««.Ceuterfll!e..SsiiJo«».Fi.lton.
Hoiil<ler(J««ii.SaiitaC'i>«aii«lWia»
HtaUuua ••••»
, fSiISp Kawark, «>.it«t?lllr. Ban .lose, N«w
A lms den. r«ltmi, ItniUder <>•««.
ftuitt <-rux ami I'rluelpal Way
StaUons... !!••»••
4>l»p Newsrk. H»u .Ir-.-, rms Gates «i-1i»a
aV-.SUr Hunter*' Enranlon. San Jo^ and
WayHUttons t.t**r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr*!a.su rmxcisco— .»«» *r i«rk«t simusin s>—
: t7:15 »:0O 11:00a.m. 1:(X> 3:00 S:13p.m-
From Oakland— Foot of Broadway.— 1« *8 tS:M
10:COa.m. 12:00 2:00 4:00p.m.
COAST IUT1SIO.X <Ur«a<l Uaage).
fl'hlr«t »».<1 Toiirn<wi>»H St» >
tOilWA Ocean Vtow, rtouth Man Krancisoo.. t»*«»«»P
7iO«A Ban Jo»» ami Way SUUmis (Ns*
Almadea W«.lnend»isonl») Ii3»*
••••a Han J.na. Ti«a riitos. Hitut* Cms.
PaelOe «Jr<i»«. 1*»»« KoWeS. Han
Irfils OI>Ikim>. Burr. Lonipoc and
I'rinch-al WarSutlons «•!•?
l«:io» Ban J«*« and Wsjr Statlout •»*»*
1 liS"* Sail Jmie awl Way SUtlons .....•*• ••*•»
r*i4*r San M*t*<». Kedwoo.!. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, rtanta Olara. *»>• .•««».
Tre» Plnos. 8auU Cm*. Sallnaa.
Monterey ami I'acllic firnTo ti»"» B *
faiMwr Saa Jose and Way Stations 2 .5'
t lil."*r 9au JoMaml Principal Way Stations »= «3»
tSiOOrSao Jom. Los Oatoa and Principal
Way Stations... '2 ! 2t 4
SClOr San Jose au.l Prinelpal Way SUtlous »«» 4
«:.10rSanJos«aud VVayHUtlons '-«*
all;«5rSan Jcsbi.h.1 Way Htationn »3 a f
A for Moniinc. F tor A "»"*«»- ta
f Nnndaj axeop'ed. X »•¦«•» «¦»•
I Mondays, Wednesdaym, Friday*.
« Turadayt, Thur*iay». Simdaja.
a rtm t u rri*T only.
CALIFORNIA N9RTUWESTEEN £T. CO.
LESSBH!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
Sun Francincn to Sun R«f»el.
TIBVRON FKRRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS-7:3O. 9:00 H:0O a. m.; 12:33. 3:»,
5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:*>
p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:50 and
11:30 i>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:S0. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30. 5:00.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisc/t.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:Sj
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40. 5:C5,
€:2S p. m. . ~>_.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park.
same schedule aa above.
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrive
8an Francisco, i Nov. 7. 19Cft. I Saa Franciaca.
Week I Sun- I J Sun- J Week
Days. ( days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato. 10:40 am »:40in*
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:0& pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm >:23 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburg.
Oeyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:8S pm « :22 pm
7:30 ami ( Hopland I I
I S :00 am| and Ukteh. | 7:35 pm| 6:S pa*
7:30 am 10:25 aaa
8:C0 am Cuernevllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm ' <:22 pm
7:30 nm 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | <:05 pm »:23 pm
7:30 ami S:CO am! 110:40 am 110: 2S am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm; Sebastopol. 1 7:C pmj 1:73 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West"
Sprites and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
(or Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle fcr Skagsrs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, KelseyvUIe. Carls-
bad Sprtnss. 8oda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Cklah for Vichy Springs. Saratcg*
Springs. Blu« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Uerley's, Buckn-ll's,
Sajihedrln H»l?hts. Hullvl'le, Orr*» Hot Sprlnc*.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. UsaL.
WUletts. Laytonvllle. Cumnilngs. B«U'a Springs.
Harris. Olsena. Dyer. Scotia and Kureka.
: Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ratee.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. CO Market at.. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. A«t.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS. ...9:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. nu
SUNDAYS.... ..t:0O. 10:00, 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and return.
Jl 4*.
NEW TAVERN OF TAXALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
Ticket offloa. 821 Market st.. Snn«»lltr> Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARNT ST. EstaMtebed
In 1S54 for th# treatment of Private
IM vases. Ln«t M^nnood. Debtlltr or
rtL^as* trearlngon body and mind an<*
Skin Diaesses. The Doctor cureswtiea
others taiL Trr Wm. < f barf es low.
<.'nr«»«ta«ri»iit*rd. Callorwrll*.
Dr. J. W. «II BROS . bau Francisco. CaL _
NUMBERS
iBENEFlGiSAfUBLICA
City of Mexico, January 26, 1901.
No. * Prize. [No. Prize. Xo. Prize.
92... 20 13S 20 160 20
.186 40*317... 4) 3S1 20
'417........ 40 529 20 532........ 20
.601......... 40 673........ 20 700... -SO
8:i9 20 1006 60000 1030..'. 20
1058, . 40 1106 20 1191 20
1346 20 133S 20 1S34 100
1S35.: 20 2008 20 2019 20
2120 49 2370 20 2303. .i 20
2475. 60i) 2565 20 2tfO5 40
2672 40 £tf* 40)2866 40
2927 40 S0«4 203327..; 29
3391.:...... 20 3409 20 3426 200
3467. 40 3501 20 3602 20
365i; 100 3679 500 3721 40
3728.. 20 3867 20 3939 20
4006 .... 100 4011 .... 40 4118 100
4328 20 4467 20 4650 20
4765 20 4814........ 100 4818 100
4949 s.. 20 4951........ 100 6035 ...'20
5096^ 20 5271 100 5033 20
5612 20 5711 100 BS81 20
5S33 40 536S 40 6053 100
-6131 100 6194 100 6256 » 20
6375 .- 40 65!u.'....... 20 6625.... 40
6662 20 6844 20 6897 20
7181 40 7230... 20 7378........ 21
7397 20 7118 20 7419 43
7431 40 7518 BOO 7572........ 20
7582 20 7615......... 20 7740 100
7769.....;.. 20 7783........ 20 7860 20
7861 20 8182 20 8285 40
8302 20 8309 .*. 40 8633 40
-8720... 20 8739.. 20 8850.. 20
8952.. 20 9139 40 9270 40
9289....'.... 20 92S<5 20 9462 20
9539 J.. 40 9587.. 20 9600.. 40
9613...: 40 9634 40 972S.i 200
9785.. 20 9850 20 9896.: 20
10017 20 10037 100 10039 29
10103.... V... 40 10173 40 10226 43
10294 .' 20 10378... 20 10650 20
10690........ 20 10691 ." 40 10825 20
1083S 40 11055 40 11147 40
11365 40 11481 20 11628 20
11821... 20 11917 ;.. 100 11949... 40
11960 20 122CS 20 12384 40
12407. 200 12472.... 40 12626 20
12713 .... 500 12770 49 13142 100
13204 40 13211 20 13268 40
132S0 100 13307 41 13357 40
13536.......: 20 13546.. 20 136J3 "20
13690 20 13757 20 13736 100
13803........ 20 18S75 40 13961 40
14028 20 14059 20|14075 40
14117 100 14119 20 14123 40
14135 20 14262 40 14291 100
14302 20J11334 4} 14371 20
14433.- 20 11443 43 14648 20
14S88 20 149S7 20 15377 40
154S3. 40 15560 100 15592 20
15314 40 1C623 20 15653 40
15671.. 100 15734 20 15785 100
15S1S, 20 15S61.". -20 15871 20
15960........ . 20 1S176 20 16185 200
16199 20 16331 40 16637 20
16668 40 16732 20 16921 20
16950 100 17050 20 17270.. 23
17285 SO 17356 20 174M 20
17519 43 17541 40 17905.. 100
18054... 20 18276 20 18333 20
18370 40 18.132.'. 40 1879 i 20
18797 20 1S854 40 1S399 40
18902 20 1S991 40 19599 20
19623 40J19679 20 19862 20
200S7 20 20132 20 20151 20
20337 20 20417 40 20668 20
20S21. ....*.,. 20|20S46 20 20896 20
20946 40 21072 40 21252 40
21413......... 100 21510 43 21511 40
21626 200 21667 20 217S7 20
21804 2OCO0J21933 20 22045 20
22206 40 22250 100 22378 40
223S8.. .-....-.- 4)22457 2022573 4C
22581 .' 20 22633 20 22886 20
22900 .... 40123162 100 23317 41
23415 100 23425 40 23704 100
23850 40 23S75 20124103 20
24158 *.. 40 24321 20 24723 20
24788 20 21873 20 24963 20
2498J.. ...... . 4C> 2S007 i.- 40 25091 20
25170... 500 25535 30 25564 20
25728. ....... 20 23879 •... 100 2.^17 .... 20
2r.9S) " 20 26035........ 20 2603? 40
260&3 .40 26OSO ,...- 20J26306 21
26500 20 26573 j 20|26594 20
26742 100 27100 20127361 200
2736S ;.. 10fl 274?<? 40 27492 "t 20
27687........ 40127700.. 10OJ27SS4 20
2*007.. ...... 100I2S015... 2OJ284I5 20
2S.V14 .... 20i2S*.22....."... 201CS620 100
28622 20 28541 „'., .'.../ 40128696 100
2SS01 : 4« 29102.. 40129290 20
2933V........ 40 294X3 20(29450 40
»4M........ 40I29311 20 29t«0 4")
£9730.... 40|29739 40 29S97 - 20
2S919. .,....,. i 40 30Q17 100 30020 100
30044... 20 30229 20 3D264. ....... 20
80297.....V:. 100 3034S .... 2030409 ; 100
10416 20130434........ 20130530 2 1 )
30544..: 2O|30573 20 30643.; 40
306S5 2013075.') 40 31052 20
31152 20131236 40 31240 20
31272......... 20131292 100 31621..,;.... 20
31756 40)31957 40 32193 41
32196... .200 32493... - 20 HVA....:... 10
3256D. ......." 40 32614 20 32820 100
32650 20 32657 .20 32689 .... 40
32720........ 20 32785.. 1QP 32S18 100
3294S 4033273 200 33299........ 20
33114........ 4033433 1.. 20 33599 -20
33731 2O133907 20 34204 ' 20
34259......... " 20131126.....:. -. 40 34553 100
34919........ 20135139 20 35179 10J
35252 40 3542J. .,..%.. 20 35611 20
35682 100 35720 20 35805........ 40
S5S53.... 20 36014 40 36130 40
36189 ,20 36351 40 36450 40
J6SO6. ....... ; 4036768 4036795 40
36S13 100 372SO 20 37317 43
37792.; *0|379B8 200 37970.' 40
3806.* ... 100n0 3S403 2fi 3S448 20
S8450 20)38492.... 100 38501 40
3S649 20I3S706.. 40 38753 20
3S771 20I3S817..'. 40 38952 100
39018.'. 20JTO1S1 20 39680 20
39687 40139705 40J398S9 100
SP9H 100140015 20 40185 20
40247 20140366 200*0452 100
405SO ' 40U-'W61 20 40702.'../.... 20
40733 20J4075S 20 41148 20
41359 100141647 2<> 416C0 2-)
41702 40 417SS 40 41902 200
41929*. 1000 41938 40 42365 40
42443. 40 42550 20 42M9.. 20
42739 20142864." 20OI43O20 20
43084 40 43155 40143365 20
43438 20 43501.... 4>)[43598 40
4371$ / 41 43S79 ' 2O|43939..' "20!
44027....'.:.. -20440S*! 20i44<W 20
441.15 " 100(41169 L 100144219 V\
44306. 20I44608... 40I44776 20
449S6. ...:... 40J44946 2OI450OI 20
45014 40(45168 40|4544« < 20
45612 i. -20145615 .4014588* 100
45709 • 40J45717., ...... 100145775 20
45956 2OI48H5 -200 1 44195 .40
462.'5 20146314 20|4fi31S.. 40
463W !..;.... ¦ 20 46417........ 40|4«510 20
46739N.. .... 4146827 40 4693* 20
46962.. V.....' ' 20147044... ;'.... 40 4704S 40
47222.... 20147633 20117763 40
47907 20I4794S 20148008 200
4S151........ 20(48252........ 40 48344 2i)
4S614. ....... 4^379 ' 20 4S348 ' 4i>
4909S 40149101 2ft|49123 41
41)531 40149724 20!49<!r)6.. 40
49832/:".- 20149890........ 100J50010 20
50021 40150086.. 500150141........ 20
B03S3- 20(50542 2C»!50.V»2 20
50657 .' 40I50734 4.T50771 20
50775 20|50«41 .... 40150848.. ...... 20
50891 4015094') 4O|509«8 4*>
Slfir^. 20151IW3 40151153 20
51397 ¦ 4OIS1423 20151558........ 20
51604........ 500151613 40 51726 ¦ 21
5)873 .-.. 401319OO.. 20J52007 20
52076 100152127 200 52494.. 100
525(10.. .* 20152753 20152756 2!)
52771........ • 40152969 100|53061. 40
5J079 40i530Sf) 20I530S8 40
531CS. 40153334 41]53414 20
33610 20151613........ 109J53732 20
53740........ 20153779 20153790 20
63914.. ...... 40iS39«» 20I54163 40
5U82 20(54256 20154234 20
54301 '. 40154309. ....... 20(54418 200
-4-45 .;. 40134570 20154697........ 20
5470'. ....... 20)54706 lftfi|547fl? 20
64819: ' 20 54926 20I549S2 20
53102 100lK>15fi 40]53S16.. 43
&T)344 ....... 20155365... . 201534%;..' 2A
55597..%..... 40156105... 4O|5«1M 40
58220.'....... . -20156238 40156290 100
66607.. ,-40156624 40!SSR15 20
56817 40I56SS3 40 56932 41
56978..' 1000l370a 2O|57148.. 20
57250........ -20i574«........ 20I57467.. ...... 20
B7646... '....." 2O!577tO. ....... 10O!57<12 '20
5799J . 2fC."969 1 40I580S7.. 20
68122 ....... -20158173. ....... 40I.VH75. ....... ,41
F«34l 1MI5S.VW 40|5S576 100
68653......"..' 40!S87«... :....' 2015*741........ 20
5S776 ....... 20l5«r:34........ 2015*8*8 105
51002......... 1O0I5W.4 1OOOIS94M. ........ 4»
59.100........ 40|.tM».. ...... 100160006........ * 20
KOOfil..'. 20160039 1000 ftflll6 20
611PS ...... 100I6O4T7 20i60461 20
G05S8 500160612 2O15OS12 20
B0S16 20I608S3 40160928 23
K1O43.' 20I6U31 20I61S20 40
f,1<98 .... 40I81SC*.. 20I61636 20
M70l". ...... 30|61722. ....... 21161R6S.. ...... 21
61S77 2. 61887........ 2-HM925 21
62001. ...... 41162201........ 200162217 lfH>
62301*-. .".. 20l«?643.. ...... 20132667.... 20
(12847'!...... "20162934........ *1|«?>S5. 21
fiXOll ...... ""'» I63049 .'. 200I63253 20
R1SS7.. ...... 1O0IM461........ 2AISSS27 21
61.1^ ....... 2i"!*."4»..i 2^16.1894........ 20
6VJ47 ...... 20163171 ; 2HM141. ....... 20
64181*........ .-20I841W..: inni«4177 21
«417-» ,. 41'64«5 2fl(«45»... '...-.. 41
64*94' .:..... IHt«47O3........ 2«l«4n7.. ...... 20
$479*... •41164111. 20!649fM? .-20
M1R1.. ...... 10(l|B5245........ . 4ftl«s^..V ¦-' 41
&'.!»!; ...'.. 2n'ff^in3. ....... 1M | *S47?.. 200
d>sr,.v ' .... 100nl«s«n9.. l^l «««..: . 20
f37?<t ..... 40I65733 .100165733.. 21
(ttsss; ..- zftifnwi.:: ••.•o!«5«i«..-. 100
«R1W . •". 41I66746 20166,159.. 21
S6r.P9 ... 4A'6«Mfi ' 41lftfl«?2 100
fAKrn'.'.'.'..... -:y.l««7«4 41i6fi7f7 .49
66878 .."..I. 21lM9n.. 20I66312.. 20
67047.!;..... 2ftlfW??.. ¦".-..¦..: 2«!67i?s..: ino
67181. ...... : .lftftl*71(i5.:-..v;.'. 41IR72S4.. ...... / ?0
«72S5 •.......' 41l*7»51.:. 21lfi7KW;v: 101
674S<5 ..;.... ' 2«!67S1« r"*?^ 1 *.* . . 2Jr
677S8 . ...'. 40lfi7R"«. ... 40167817 ' 21
««03<> .;.... 201681 22.... '.'.;. 411681.14.....;.. '20
68407 ....... • 41IWM 1 ! 20I68854.. 41
6«67».. ..:.... SflOI«8719..'....-..-'-'-»l«87M.-.:..... ,41
fJVttl.. .-; 200l6»216. -20|6»S34. :....... '41
69401........ .20 Ifi9646 21!«97S9 20
70117........" 2017014?..;..... 2.10170235.......". 20
71JR'. ......." 20170307........ 4H70405. ....... 40
70476.":.%."... •'200|704St .-..:..' " 4017034 J...V.... ; 40
heal estate city kok sale.
hcXlTestate bargains.
A. IL BPCCK & CO.,
6f7 MAUKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARNT.
52200.
Two nice flats near Sixth St.: rented Jor $25:
»i cash.
$3600.
FVacr fsts; rents $4X: dowr-town. near 4th st.
SSfOO.
ThT« choice fiatF: near Post and Taylor *ts.:
uvf ir, per <*r.t: "T feet front: offer wanted.
S-vSCKV-HTDE-tT. CORNER.
12-ron house; lot 40v«o feet.
«$<¦<>«. *
V«rk"t «.; north tide; 50 ft. front; near I
V»!rnri» M.
IU.QO0L
Esttcr «.. near Taylor: very '"heap.
llLC(»-a J'.HANP-NFAV FLATS.
l:ert»s! ur.lei- lease tur $:C2 a rr.cnth; half
cash rrr^julrcd. |
1 f.t»- tr»rd new: i-a?t of Van Ness ave.; J
rcr.tf. $TT; a'.l rer.ted.
Wlmtm; tern ».lncV-= fn-n Van N'e^s ave.: rests ;
Sv; mil r— itei; > t cc?h.
JM.CW. :
•jrar.d 14-room rertdenc* <-n .Tarkson s». '
ju.oan-KKincEn from sisjm. >
V-afin-v-s pr<-if*r:y; t&tr» tenants for years;
store »r.c roomirc-hoiiw!.
»;s.ooo.
(xrard '¦or^.er; l*a\tr;w.ii-th Ft.: fif> f»*t front:
b:1 rente.l for fl2S; lrortgage SJOCO can remain !
r.t € r>er <*-r.t.
tT&.nr*y—n.Knx'--r.-iy tttom j<c.<x«.
Chnlre corner let. 75-foot front; within half a j
"WCk of Market et.; wlfj old Improvements: |
r*»r.ts about $400; the only corner that can be
bought vicinity cf ft.
? 11.000.
rtersts T100; 5 new r.nts; cJ ( o!ce locality.
C»>rr.er. CO feet front; v irlnky Sutter Kt.. ea*t ,
of Hyde; prand hotel, oiftoe or rooming-house
rite; rer.ts J107.
*35.nno INVESTED.
Crrar.d ccmer; bra::d-new building: guaran-
teed l«ap» r»ar* t'At a month r.et.
f!F.onf»_\-iciXITY PKCONP ST.
Ccmer *5xic; f«>et. with improvements; r*nt-
ln«r r cr nSO r»r month.
T^ils <ilftr1<t !s boomlns:
$:4,0or—N-EAn SECOND ANT) MISSION.
Lot 45x70 feet; rent* nominal, a sure sr.ap.
*:c.i«o.
Futter-*t. enrner; K7:f;xST:?: cl'gant Improve-
cients; rents JISOO r-r annum.
¦ $100,000.
Market Et.. near Call; E per cent net.
A. SI. SPECK & CO..
C67 Market st_. opposite Kearny.
Ouii<?8;»>: '.genre eollclted.
THE cheapest lots !n San Francisco are thos<*
weU-loca'.ed und choice building site* that I
un oC«-ring In Richmond nt <mch low prieff
that you can rorrow nearly the whnli
imoOBt ot the purchase money, or you can
r*tr in Installments of $20; cable cars pass
In front and the Geary -»t. earn or.'.y 2< f| f«>t
to th« east: ell rt-aded and street work all
done. TV. J. GUN N. £30 California st.
CALL en W. J. GCNN and purchase one or
two cf those very choice lou In Richmond
wat er* belnit Fold bo cheap, with the cable
rara parsing In front and within I«0 ft. of the
Geary-Bt. cars: why you can almost borrow
th« amount of the purchase money in tny
eavlnps bar.V. The l"ts are graded and all
the street work Is done. Tou can pay cash
or la easy Installment*. Bo far all the lota
eold bave b»n fnr cash, a few days more, as
more lots are Bold, up will iro the prices for
the few loft. TV. J. GI-NX, RSO California St.,
between Montgo-nery tnd Kearny.
1>' you have property north of the Park and
vob wish to sell quirkly. tb«n call on W. J.
GTJNN. 530 California st^
TT> I/>t— A fin* :-i!e fcr a '•nal yard; lot en the
»outh t:<3e of Oo'.den Gate ave.. near Larkin
s=t. : rert rCS. Inquire at S^7 F"ilb«>rt »t.
jjiX"'-— Iy">T Zcxl^ fe*t, v-ith 3 newly built nv-.d-
rrn fla'.F; rer.t<! jc«v> net; bank Interest JilGO;
invpstlpate thin. Owr.er. SC& Ixjmbard st.,
comer ot .T"n»»s.
FOB Saie— An excertional bargain In that ele-
fant 10-room up-to-date residence. 77."> Cole
ft.: new: e!*>pantly decorated : open daily.
KRAI. ESTATE— COl'XTRV For Sale
XO LET— A Iwautlful 4-room cottage. »iard fln-
Ishf-d. with hall, barn. chW-ken house and
fine »p]| of water: <iff the Pan Leanflro road;
J' 1 mir.uT^-5 to Oakland and 6" minutes to S.
F. : to th» rifrht party, rent rfasonable. In-
quire at £07 Fnt*Tt Ft.. San Kranclnco.
M. GKIPFIN. 719 Market, sells and ejcchsnir^s
r.ty and country realty; printed lists: Honoma,
t=anta <~]!>ra. Shasta and other counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma, for
?r<"> copy of Sonoma Co. r»al estate bargains.
alamedTadyertisements.
AL.UIEDA REAL, GSTATU.
jrr/u-TO r]r S p nn estat": fine bulldlnir corner
It. 4 ri xiCw"'; \tet. railroads: 2 block? HiRh
prhor.!; f-trr-ft work bargain. See
rv.r.*r. A. n BfJIKP. l?JI Park Ft.. Alanieda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXI> BOARD.
V.T. oT»r *>lPirar.t suite cf rooms and board In
f«-i«H-t private home in Alam^Ja to refined j
curl?: r*-ferer<-»*£ re<;uired. Box 3C3. Call. :
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS ,
BERKELEY REAL ESTATC.
CHEAPEST and r*«t In America- The Weekly i
Call. 1€ l-aeef, F«-nt to any address In the .
United States or Canada one year for Jl i
poftage ;,aid.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.VD FIRMTIRE FCR SALE.
AJi introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
ri:-r:l-ure dealer. 12th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. CT1 — A newly furnished suite of~J
rooms; houfkeeyinjr; $22 10; gas.
riLLMORE. Z20Z— Housekeeping rooms; bright
tro tur.ry.
FOrRTEENTH, 21*— A large mirmy front room
and eOBXMcUas room; suitable for bouse-
GLEN PAHK ave.. 5. off Twelfth n.. near
Mission— irous*ke*>rin»f rooms; three sunny
clean rooms: bath and clowt.
HARRISON, 731— Four room? furnUhed com-
piete fcr housekeeping; large yard; bath;
rent 116.
HATES. iJT. nr. Flllmore— Elegantly furnished
houyke<>r;lr.g rr>orr.*. Call after 1 p. m.
LAKK1N. 716— Suite of ¦ furnished housekeenlne
n«m(; imnny; sil
LE A V EN WORT H. 61S-J'or 3 room* furnished
complete for houprkfeplnjt ; sunny ; reasonable.
» SJcALLIFTER. 2000. cor. Central ave.— 2 runny
roomy, furnished complete for housekps.; 16.
MINNA, 2S— Sunny furnished front houcekeep-
lr.y and flr.gle rooms; 75c and fl per week.
OCTAVIA, 14U3, cor. Geary'— Largre furniehed
bay. window, mantel, Welsbach, kltch»n op-
tional.
O'FARRELL. u43— One lanre unfurnlehed housed
kfrfphii? room; furnished rooms for gentlemen.
pfH-K. r:T2— 1>-Eiratle unfurnished and fur-
r.iishf-d moon.
EIXTH. 136 — Sunny rooms lor light *boueekeep-
ing. ¦ ¦
SCTTER. 578— Floor for housekeeping an.d
other looms suitable for doctdr or dentist.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FMlmore «L
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 10S«
Valencia tt. '¦ ¦ - ;_- . |
ROO3IS TO LET — Farn. nnd I'nfnrn.
„- , „ * .~"VT' '' "iTl ¦ ~.~~~i— «,^,
/.HL.BORS HOT-EL. 221 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ence: large room*: modern convenience*-
rcorcs BOc up: flrtt-cl«.'8 meals Sc; free cc?ich.'
A-BRl'KSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms Re
tc Jl per niRbt; $1 25 to t5 per week, and llrht
housekeeping: open all night
ALTON, y* Me AllUter— Large cunny well fur-
niehed front suite; suitable for 3 or 4 adults.
i i;P.NETT. 14^ Market (old No. lJ»4)-Fur-
r.Isiaed rzat.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
riRST, SIR— A laige front bay-window, unfur-
rj:fh«l. IE; also, ether rooms, furnished.
FOLSOM. TS7A-Nlce!y furnished rooma, xlngle
or «n i=uit«. with bsth. sas and u»e of
kitchen ; r«iecnable; 110 Fieri. -i'~ --
FOURTH. 149— New furnished cunny rooms
from »5 to tt.
FULTON. €3^— Runny furnished room by *
yoonc German courlc; terms r*««ona4j!e.
GEARY. 405(Tbe N«varre»— Elerantly furnUhM
nni; *ulte« or «lngl«: travelers accommodated.
CKAnV, CCl— FurnUhed 100m In ba««iu«nt;
Fult&ble for ¦!&£!• m&n; rent $4^
COUGH. It 12— A large nicely furnished front
room, with hot and cold water; very con-
venient for two ter.tlemen.
GRAND SOUTHERN", scuihsast comer Seventh
•nd MifMon sts.— Bunny room«. en suite or
single; ladies' parlor: reading-room : elevator.
GUERRERO, 216. near Fourteenth — Sunay
1 front alcove room. '
HOWARD. 761'ti— N'leelr furnished bay-window
; iu!A otLer rpc3»»; retsonaWe. - • . - • •
No. 10C6 draws first capital prize of $50,000,
sold In Santa Ana, Salvador.
No. 21804 draws second capital prize of $20,000.
sold In Vlcksburg, Miss.; San Francisco. Cal.
No. 3S065 draws third capital prize of $10,000.
sold In Davenport, la.; Fort Worth. Tex.; New
Orleans, La.; St. Louis, Mo
Nos. 41929, 58078, 5D054. C0089 and 63365 draw
each $1000. sold In St. Louis. Mo.: Leadvllle.
Colo. : Chicago, 111. ; Oaxaca Oajc. Mexico,
DR. GREGORIO ORIVE,
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
AFOLIXAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 04. being the last two figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of JJO.Oto
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
leg with Cd. . being the last two figures of th«
number drawing the capital prize of $60,000
— «20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 21754 to 21334. In-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each fide of the
number drawing capital prise of $20.000— $».
One hundred numbers from 2S013 to 38115. In-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $10,000— $20.
One hundred numbers from 936 to 1056. in-
clusive, betnff 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $60.000— $S0.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
No. Prize. No. * Prize. No. Prise.
70711........ 40 70758........ 40 70771 :.. 100
71121..: 40 711SS 20 7114* 29
71217..? 40 71309.......: 20 71332........ 100
"1403... 100 714S5 40 71547 SO
71567 40 71SJ1 20 71865 20
719PS 40 71946 40 72184 20
72303........ 20 72213 20 72277 100
J2392 40 72423 20 72513 20
72634 20 72643 20 72S55 103
72S68 207313S 20 73147 41
73403 40 73548 20 73570 41
73390 40736)3 40 73S30 100
73928 20 74155 40 74523 500
74530 40 745S5 20 74706..: 20
75W0 40 75260 2O0|752i*5 20
"5622 "2075663 4f> 75664 »
75675........ 40 75713 20 75719 20
75792 20 75300 100 75S0« 40
75S19.- 20I75S5S 20 7oSK<5 20
75873 S0I75388... ...... 23 7SSS4..'...;.. M
73930 207557S 40 76033 40
"6C71 210 76103 30 76108 T)
76128 20176263 MS2S1 2)
76320 20 76338 4fl!7o3S9 43
76444 20 76463 20 76471 20
76506 40 7664S 40 7666S 20
76670 2076895 20 763» 40
76SSS 2077122 20 77172 40
77731 20 77352 4177373 ' 20
77408 ;... 40 77413 20 774SO 23
77600... 40 77699 20177932.. .' 20
77995 20 78020 2OJ7806S 20
78097 40 7S1J1 20 7S240 20
78258.. ...... 20 78305 20 7S336 20
78347........ 100 78373 20 7<?535 41
78561 20 78710 20 7S753 40
79020 20 791S7 20179277 100
79330 20 79374 100 79161 100
79454 i 20|73562 20 795S0 20
79721 20 79757 20 79S81 40
79952 100 79931.. 100
[cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irvited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. ,767 Mission street,
thence to St.' Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be -celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Jntej-ment at Virginia City, Nev.,
by 6 p. m. train. , "
REDMOND— In this city. January 27, 1901, at
the residence of his parents, 230 Pierce street."
. Joseph James, beloved infant son of Joseph
1 and Julia Redmond, a native of San Fran-
clcco, aged 1 year and 27 days.
RYAN— At his residence.- 2034 Folsom street. .
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Ryan,
and father of Mamie. Josle, Hattle and the
late William and Maggie Ryan, a native of
Tipperary. Ireland, aged 62 years.
SCHACHMAYR— Mm. Augusta Schachmayr,"
from Berlin, sister of Edward Zschiesche.
ased SI years. k. -
j (C7"rhe funeral will take place Wednesday,
January, 20, at 2 o'clock, from Theodor
Dierks' undertaking parlors, &37 Mission
street. .
SLTRO— In this city.' January 23., 1901. Adel-
g held, widow oX Emil Sutro. and beloved
'mother, of Gust&v, Alfred. Oscar and Anna
Sutro. a native of Altona. .Germany, .aged
51 years 5 months and 11 days; ' ' .
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 10
o'clock, Trom- her late residence. l»35 Jack-
con street. Cremation at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
j tery.
TAYLOR— In this city.' January 26. 1901,' David
¦*Y. Taylor, father of David Taylor of New
York City, a native of New. York, aged 59
year's and 6. days. An ex-Union soldier., '
[Cyr'rlends and acquaintances and members
of Seven Pines Circle No. 3. Ladies of the G.
A. It., also comrades of the G. A. -R., ani
respectfully invited to. attend the funeral
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell
street, between Mason and Taylor. Inter-
ment National Cemetery. v •
WILSON— In this city. January 25, 1901 r : Lou-
isa, wife of Ezekiel Wilson, a native of Ver-
mont, aged S4 years. ¦ -j-
tCTFuneral this day (Monday), at 1
o'clock, from her late residence, corner Point-.
Lobos and Fourteenth avenues. Interment
; Masonic Cemetery. Friends and acquaint-
ances are invited to attend.
CARD OF THANKS.
MR.- M. D. KELLY desires to express his
heartfelt gratitude to the many kind friends
who so lovingly tendered" their help and sym-
pathy during the time of his late bereave-
ment. * .
nor & Co.. 767 Mission Street.' Notice Of. fun-'
eral hereafter. • . •¦¦-¦" 2 " .-
PAULISSEN— In this cfty. .January 27, 1901,
.'Henry.- dearly beloved husband of? the late
Petronllla Paullssen. and • beloved father of
Constance and ' Emtr Paullssen.'- a- native, of
Germany, aged. 75 years 5 months and 3 dayv
QUINN— In this city, January 21, 1901,'f Pat-
< rick, husband of the .late Mary Qulnn, and
father of James Quinn. a native of County
Wexford, Ireland, ae*ed-61 years. '
(E^Frlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. 337 Fifth street, thence, to , St.
Patrick's • Church, where : a- -requiem maits
will b« celebrated for the.repoeeof her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ; - ¦¦ • . ,,.-;.. \.. .":--^ •:•-
O'BRIEN— In; this city, January 27. .1901;- Wil-
liam, beloved son of John and' the late Eliza-
beth O'Rrlen. a - native of • San Francisco,
aged 11 months and' 9 days. •¦-•*:. --¦ •
O'CONNELL— In this city. January '23, 1901,
Michael F. O'Connell, a native of Ireland,
ased 45 years. • s, \, t ,-, •'.¦-._ ¦ ¦ t - ,..¦
O'CONNOR— In this city. January 27, 1901,
•Mary, beloved.- daughter l«f- John. and Mary
O'Connor, a native of . San> Francisco, aged
20 years 9 months • and 4 days. ¦ -
¦ • C7Remalns ' at the parlors 'of "J. C O'Con-
C7Wlll.be buri«d this day (Monday), at
10:30 o'clock, from , Holly Park Presbyterian
. Church, San . Francisco. Interment . Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . . ¦.-¦•. , ¦ •¦-
O'BRIEN— In this city, January 26. 1901,
Hanna O'Brien, beloved sister of Mrs. -Cath-
erine Deasy. a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 62 years. . ¦ - '.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), nt- 11:30 o'clock, at the parlors of
the Hotel Bella Vista, corner Pine and Tay-
lor street*. Interment private, Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland. . •,, .
MILNE— In Vallejo, January 26, 1301. Duncan
W. Milne, husband of Annie M. Milne, and
. father of Stella and Duncan W. Milne Jr.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at All
Saints' Catholic Church, Haywards. Inter-
ment Catholic Cemetery. Haywards.
McKEV'ITT— In this city. January 2S, 1901,
Mary, dearly beloved wife of the late James
McKevitt. devoted mother of Edward, Alice
• nd Lizzie McKevltt, and eldest daughter of
Eugene Dalton, a native of Lewiston, Me.
(Lewiston. Me., and Rhode Island papers
please copy.) . '
(n7TrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited" to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock.' from her late resi-
dence, 1827 Webster street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Steiner
streets, where at D o'clock a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
o ( her'SOUl. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. '
McPHILLIPS— In the City and County Hos-
pital January 27. 1301. John J. MoPhilllpa, a
native of Ireland, aged 43 years. \ '
McWILLIAMS— In South San Francisco, Janu-
ary 26. 1901, Mary McWUllams., beloved wife
of the late Michael McWllliams. beloved
mother of Thomas. James and the late Mich-
ael McWHUams Jr. and Mrs. Thomas Park-
inson, and sister of Mrs. Rosanna Baldwin, a
native of KingsxCounty, Ireland, • aged 83
years (Quebec, Canada, papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this «Liy
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock., from her late rest-
dence, Ii38 Twelfth avenue south, between
M and I0 streets nouth. South San Francisco,
. thence to All Hallows' Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the' repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MAMAUGH— In this city. January 27, 1901,
Margaret Mamaugh,' beloved mother. of Miley
and Grace Cutting and Mrs. William John-
son, a native of Ireland.- aged. £>4 years ,11
months and IS days.
MAYER— In this city, January 26, 1901, .Ellen
La Tourrette. beloved wife /of Samuel D.
Mayer, a native of New York City.
(HTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister. Mrs. James Donovan, 66
Elliott Park, off Steiner Btreet, between
O'Farrell and Geary, thence to' St. Dominic's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McKERROW — In Talomares Canyon, near
Haywards, January 25, 1901, Henry, dearly
beloved husband of Marie L. MrKenow. a
native of Ayrshire, Scotland, aged 69 years.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock.' from the residence
of his parents. 1013 Kills street; between
Franklin and Gough. .Interment Salem Cem-
etery by electric funeral car from Fourteenth
and Mission streets.
McDOUGALL— In this city, January 26. 1901.
Daniel McDoucall. beloved hueband of Mary
E. McDougall. and only son of Jane and the
late Daniel McDougall, a native of Scotland,
aged JO years 4 months' and 24 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2009 O'Farrell Btreet. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery..
McBLROT— In Alameda, January 25, 1901. at
the residence of his sister. Mrs. William
Short. James A., dearly beloved son of Alice
and tbe late James McElroy, and beloved
brother of Mrs. M. Sullivan. Mrs. A. Corr,
Mrs. W. Short, Mrs. J. Donovan and John,
William, Edward and Georee McElroy, a
native of Charlestown. Mass., aged S6 years.
tO"The funeral, took place yesterday (Sun-
-- day). • from th«s residence other, parents.- 20
Hampton place.' Interment Mount j Olivet
Cemetery. ' ¦ __
KILBORN— In San Francises, January 27, 1301,
Alden D., beloved husband of Florence M.
Kllborn. and father of Harry. Frankl*.
G-eorBe. Albert and Ellsworth Kllborn. a na-
tive of Michigan, aged ifi years 5 months and
14 days. . . . • ¦ ¦•
LINDNER— In this city. January 26. 1901, Fe-
- Ilx, beloved son of Julius and Cella Lindner,
and brother of Henry, , Dave. Mope. Minnie
and Blanche Lindner, a native of San Fran-
cicco, a6«*d 20 years and 6 months. ¦ •
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1024 Page street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reposfe of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. - .
HENDEHL1NG— In the City and County Hos-
pital. January 27. l»01, Herman Henderling,
a native of Switzerland, aged IS years. -
HOPPS— In this city. January 26, 1901,- Elinor
l*>rothy, daughter of John II. and. Alia F.
Hopps. a. native of San Francisco, aced S
months and 3 days. ¦ . ¦ .• . ¦-
HILMER— In this city, January 25, 1901, at his
residence, 510B Fulton street. Charles Henry
Ludwlg. dearly beloved husband or Barbara
Hilmer, beloved father of Kate L.. Rosali-
M., Charles Henry Jr., William A., Frank
E., Fred L., Emma H. and Louis O. Hilmer,
and brother of Fred Hilmer of Bremen, Ger-
many, Louis Hilmer of Petaluma. Cal., the
Itev. Herman Hilmer of Hanover. Germany,
and Louisa Rothkoppf of BurBhdorf. Ger-
many, a native" of Burghdorf, Germany, ageti
69 years and 10 days. A member of Madera
Lodge Xo. 27SJ. A. O. U. W. (Los Angeles,
Anaheim and Medera papers please copy.)
(n?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 510B Fulton street, between Oetavla
and Laguna, thence to St.' Boniface's" Church,
Golden Gate ,' avenue.- ¦ between' Jones an 1
Leavenworth. streets, where a solemn re-
quiem hteh mass will be celebrated for the
rer<?se of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Intennebt Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
HORN— In this city. January 27. 1901, Bernard
Horn, beloved lather of Bernard J. Horn.
Mrs. R. H. Powell and Elizabeth . A. and
Thomas, Horn, and brother of Mrs. J. Bris-
lan, a naltve of Troy, N, Y.. aged 66 years.
HORN— In this city. January 26. 1901, of diph-
theria, Mariam Hazel Horn, beloved daugh-
ter of W. C. Horn and Katie Horn, and Bis-
ter of Edna Horn, a native of Oakland, aged
6 years and 11 months. . . -.
r,^?T r "' nds ond acquaintances are respect-
ruily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
f^^vl 232 Jrfeat avenue, thence, to St. Pe-
B - Chu r <%h . where a requiem high mass
will be oekbrafed for the reinise. oi her soul,
r*?»i o Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
'/lip.! 111 ' c1ty> January 27. 1901. Julia
£1?? r GIbbs > dearly beloved wire of W. O.
oiobs. and mother of I>r. C. L. Zleeler. a
native ot Maine. a B ed 54 years and 10
i2!i 1 ¦' . A charter member of Amity Ite-
bekah Lodjfe No. 161. I. O. O. F.
, ttp'Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Han. corner of Seventh and Market streets.
v'liere the funeral services will be held urul°r
the auspices of Amity Rebekah Lodce No.
Ml. I. O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
GRAN.VIS'S— In this city, January 26, 1901,
Colonel Gporge W. Grannlss, beloved husband
of Elizabeth I. Grannies, and father of Mrs.
Alexander Center, a native of New Haven,
tpnn.. aged 75 years 8 months and 9 days.
CyFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2200 Franklin street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. January 26. 1901, Charles H. Hamilton,
a native of Canada, aged 56 years.
H £ L ? Y "3 In thls city> Ja *iuary 28, 1901, Morris,
husband of Mary Haley, and father of John.
Kober*. Nellie. Thomas, William. Henry and
ILay Haley, a native of Ireland, aa'ed C2
years. (Springfield, Mass., papers please
copy.) •
t Crosby- (lats of I>avls- street). • a natlvs-of
\ermont, aged S2 years and 14 days.,
C-"y>.otice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the funeral, parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666
Mi«Mon strec-t. Mission Masbnlc Temple. '
CULLEN- In this city. January 27. 1901. Ed-
5"&rd. , beloved husband of the late Annie
Cullen. and father of Thomas P.. Mary T..
Katie and Edward Cullen, a native cf Ire-
land, aged 60 years.
C V^ N L NGHAM - In thls city. January 27. 1301.
I-.l:zabctb. beloved wife of John Cunningham,
and sister of Joseph O'Connor and. the late
Sister M. Victoria ot Buffalo, N. V.. and
IJennls O'Connor, a native of the parish of
Morey, County Wexford, Ireiand. a*ed G4
ye ££?i^. <Buffal0 ' N. Y.. papers please copy.)
<-' "lends and acquaintances are respect-
Ji ' y ', nvlt^ to attend the funeral to-morrow
(ruesday). :tt S:3» o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3366A Twenty-second street, between
\ alencia and Guerrero, thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commenrinr at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DALMAS— In this city. January 27. 1901. Laura.
b«-!oved w!f« of Charles Dhlraas, a native of
tan Francisco, aged 41 years 3 months and 9
days.
DK LUCA— Solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated at Saints Peter and Paul's Church,
corner Dupont and Filbert streets. Wednes-
day. January 30. at S o'clock, for the late
lacopo l>e Luca.
E £NEK— In Oakland, January 27. 1901, George
"••beloved husband of May Efner, and son
of CJeorpe B. Kfuer Sr., a native of New
lork State, aged 40 years and S days.
FITZrATRICK-In this city, January 27. 1901,
Margaret, beloved daughter of Noia and the
late irancis Fitzpatrick, and sister' of Mary
and Frank Fltzpatrlck. a native of Ban
JJ-ranclsco, aged 21 years 10 months and i
unys. " . . - - - . -
interested in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
: care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F.W. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent.
641 Market st.POPULAR HONOLULU YOUNO
LADY WHO MARRIED A
LIEUTENANT. . ,
Edward Cullen, a drayman, died at St
Luke's Hospital yesterday afternoon from
the effects of Injuries received a week
ago last Saturday night by being thrown
from a buggy in front of his home at the
corner of Army and Missouri streets.
Cullen was alighting from a buggy, when
the horse suddenly started off and threw
him head first to the ground. He was
removed to 8t Luke's Hospital, where
despite the beet of . surgical - attendance
he succumbed to the injuries to his brain.
He was a native of Ireland. 67 years Of
see and leaves a grown son.
His Injuries Prove Fatal.
' Milton*, - NewhoseV a >: fourteen-year-old
lad, llving,with his parents at 1317 O"Far
rell street,* met ' with a peculiarly painful
accident while I returning from the , Cliff
House on an Eddy-street electric car yes
terday'afternoon. An overhanging branch
of one ofithe trees alongside the track
struck' him on .the right eyeball, badly
bruising it. -.He was removed to the.Ite
ceivlng Hospital, where I>r. McElroy said
he was - likely to lose : tho sight of the
eyeV-; r ¦.'. •¦•¦* -> ,••-
May i/ose ':. Sight of : , an Eye.
. Unusually large crowds gathered at the
park and beach yesterday and enjoyed the
fleasant weather. Late in v the afternoon
the car line running from Stanyan street
*o the beach broke down and some delay
In returning pleasure ' seekers to their
home* , occurred in consequence. -At the
Chutes a large crowd enjoyed the many
features in and outside the theater. Fol
lowing are the results of the contests at
Sutro Baths: 50-yard dash— First J.c.
Butterwprth; second, Charles Slssman.
Under water swimming contest— First.
James Liken;, second, Charles DriscolU
High dive— First, Otto Selger; second • A
Weilder. 100-yard- race— First, J. C. But
terworth; second, F.AJken.
Sunday at the Park- and Beach.
Girl's Death Reported to Police.
' Mary O'Connor, a young woman who re
sided with her parents at 232 Twenty-sec
ond avenue, died yesterday under circum-
Ftarices which caused Dr. Frank B. Petrie,
the family Physician; to report the death
to the police. Maud .\anderllp of 21o
Tenth avenue, who was- Miss O'Connor's
bosom friend, told: Detective Bailey that
Mary had - kept company with a young
man named Archie Wilson, and that dur
ing the holidays they quarreled and he
went to Reno. Nev. Since that time Mary
had been keeping company with soldiers.
Whether or not a criminal operation was
performed has not been determined. The
girl knew of her delicate- condition and
had been taking medicines unknown to
her parents. . '
ment Expressed in London
When Garfleld Was Buried.
The committee in charge of the funeral
service to be held next Saturday after
noon In memory of Queen Victoria hopes
that the wholesale and 'retail' business
houses in the city will close from 2 p. m.
to 5 p. m., when the services will b* held.
. The committee refers to the fact that on
the occasion . of the funeral of the late
President .Garfleld all business was sus
pended in London' in honor of. the dead
President and that a reciprocal mark of
respect would be deeply appreciated by
the subjects of the late Queen.
* The committee of arrangements will
meet to-morrow evening 1 in the office of
Dr. F. d'Evelyn In the Phelan build
ing to perfect the details of the funeral
service, which promises to be the greatest
ever held here.
Suggestion That City Return Compli-
STOBES MAY CLOSE
TO HONOR DEAD QUEEN
MABINER ANDERSON'S
BUGGY CAPSIZES
:
Upset in the Park That Results Seri
ously to the Captain's Fair
< Companion.
Captain A. Anderson, who Is a member
of the Bhlp chandlery firm of Anderson,
Lewis & Co*] at 26 East street, encoun
tered rough "weather" on a voyage
through Golden Gate Park yesterday aft
ernoon. 'The horse he was driving did not
answer the helm at a critical moment,
and as a reault his lady companion, whose
name the gallant captain refused* to dl
vulge, sustained a broken leg. •
About 5:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon
the, captain and his fair companion were
along the main drive at- a twen
tv-knot gait. They decided to pay a visit
to the Casln'o. and In trying to turn the
corner at Twenty-fourth avenue the bug
ey upset. The couple were thrown to the
ground with considerable violence.
Captain Anderson escaped with *a few
bruises but the woman sustained a broken
lee Mounted Officer Morton Baw the ac
cident, and hurrying, up assisted^ the
rouDle to a bench and then extricated tne
horse from the broken buggy. A passing
vehicle was hailed and the injured woman
was taken to the Casino. '
Anderson then telephoned for a hack
and had his injured companion removed
to the city. - ¦ • . .-;*"' . '
Emll Connor, Wounded During Prog
ress of a Row in Washington
Square Hall.
Vincent Barbetta, who formerly drove
one of the police patrol wagons, was ar
rer-ted late last night and chaiged at the
City Prison with an assault with a deadiy
weapon.
Barbetta attended a dance in Washing
ton-square Hall, corner of Stockton and
Union streets, and there became involved
in a quarrel with a stranger. Barbetta
was getting the best of the encounter,
when several friends of the stranger at
tacked him from behind and knocked him
down. They then proceeded to kick him
about tho body, whereupon he drew his
revolver. He fired quickly, and the bul
let, going wide of his assailants, lodged
in the fleshy part of the right leg of Emil
Connor of 532 Pacific street. Connor had
no hand in the fight and was NUly twenty
feet away from Barbetta when he was
phot. He was removed to the Harbor
Hospital, where the bullet was extracted,
after which he was taken to his home.
BAEBETTA USES PISTOL
AND SHOOTS WEONG MAN
As the men lined up In the different
company streets, straight as arrows, with
eyes that neither looked to. the right nor
the left, the girls made every effort to ob
tain a parting smile, but the "rookie."
despite hiB short army career, knew bet
ter: standing at -attention, grounding
arms as they heard their names called
they were soldiers every inch. Flirting
with a pretty lass was not included in
the manual of arms, and the embryo sol
dier looked only straight ahead.
The men are soldiers of only six' weeks*
experience, but they bear themselves like
veterans. The Twenty-sixth Infantry
when it takes its place In the regular es
tablishment.-will hold its own with the
other new reslments.
The recruits were not a bit slow- In
forming. acquaintances with, the many
pretty girls . that walked through ~ the
grounds, the neat blue uniform; with -Its
rows of brass buttons, seeming to be ir
resistible to the girls. /.->
Military discipline, however. Is inexor
able, and at the first assembly call the
"rookies" were compelled 'to leave their
pleasant companions and -rush to their
quarters, shouting their good-bys as they
ran. • .
Hundreds of sight-seers thronged the
Presidio 'yesterday afternoon, attracted
by the fine weather and the prospect of
witnessing the drills of the recruits occu
pying the model camp. Many of the vis
iting parties brought lunches, which they
ate, in picnic fashion, on the hills sur
rounding the reservation.
Crowds Visit Military Res
ervation and WatchNew
Soldiers Drill.
RECRUITS SHOW
OFF AT PRESIDIO
Professor Louis Lisser delivered an in
teresting lecture on "Music" at the First
Unitarian Church last night. Professor
Lisser spoke of the wonderful possibili
ties in store for the development of
musical art in this country, which, he
said, had made more rapid advancement
than on the continentof Europe,: where
the , conditions are far more favorable.
The lecturer advocated; the ; study of
music in the primary and. grammar grades
of / the public schools "on a larger
scale than undertaken in these in
stitutions at the '¦ present time. He
favored the establishment Of chairs of
music in all the universities,: so that di
plomas could be given for proficiency in
the same manner as they are given to the
other' learned professions.
j "Music in its highest form," said Profes
sor Lisser, "requires active intellectual
concentration, and ' not merely a passive
Inactivity of the mind. The sense of hear
ing, must be trained in order that it may
perceive all the inherent beauties of mu
sical compositions. So-called critics of
musical productions are but poorly equlp
ed ao ply their vocations, as they, as a
rule, know little of vocal and instrumental
mu , sl c- Critics should be privileged to
:J? . tR v}* only after they have proven
their ability to do so as a result of a
specialized knowledge on the subject.
. .,' A " e rapidity of musical development on
this Bide of the Atlantic has been marvel
ous as compared to Its snaillike pace > on
the continent of Europe. Art in- America
owes more ' to unselfish, .enthusiastic
wo men: than it does to money-making
man. The people of the United States, how
ever, have not yet learned to appreciate
the artists who were born in their midst.
One muBt, unfortunately, have • a foreign
name and polish to receive the plaudits of
our music lovers. : - r
The outlook for music In this country
Is -very promising. The higher musical
art is not for the masses, but only for the
cultured few. But all classes are privileged
*? en Joy the beauties of simple music
i ne love for. music increases -• as ¦ efforts
are made to systematize It.- I would have
patriotic songs in the schools, congrega
tional singing. in the churches U and -the
establishment of societies for the study of
music; I would have schools 'and uni
versities where pupils would undergo ex
aminations in music and be granted cer
tincates .therefor; I would have schools
ror players of > orchestral . music, and so
pave the way for American conductors";
_ '
Professor Lisser Delivers
Lecture at Unitarian
'Church. I
FAVORS GENERAL
STUDY OF MUSIC
NEWS has Just been received In this
city of the marriage of Miss Adele
Widdifield of Honolulu to Lieu
tenant Frederick Howell of the
United States army. The wed
ding, which took place in Manila, oc- 1
curred the latter part of December.
Mrs. Howell is the oldest daughter 7
of Mrs. Mary C. Widdifield, and. though
born in Honolulu. i3 well-known in society
circles In this city. For several years It
has been Miss Widdifleld's custom to visit
San Francisco during the summer months.
The bride is a handsome blonde, and Is
accredited with being one of the .most
beautiful women on the islands. She is
an accomplished , musician, and was al
ways very much in demand in all society
events whenever she visited this city. She
has always been tho guest of Mr?.
Houdlette.
Miss Adele Widdineid
Becomes Wife of
Lieutenant
Howell.
HONOLULU BELLE MARRIES
ARMY OFFICER IN MANILA
H. Clay Reid, proprietor of a small tan
nery pn the San Bruno road, was found
asphyxiated late yesterday afternoon in
a room of the Royal House at 771 Howard
street. Reid went to the lodging-house
shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon
and engaged ajoom from C. H. Clark,
the day clerk- He stated at the time that
he was tired and wanted to rest for two
hours.
Clark assigned Reid to a room near the
office and thought nothing more of the
matter until shortly before 6 o'clock,
when he detected a strong odor of gas
in the hallway. He made an investiga
tion, and discovering that the gas was
escaping from the room occupied by Reid,
forced open the door. Hurriedly shutting
oft the gas and opening the window, he
approached the bed. Reid was lying dead
on the outside of the bed clothing with
his head pillowed on his right arm.
Reid was about 50 years of age and
leaves a wife and six children, living at
¦UJ'.'SVi York street. The members of his
family are unable to assign any cause for
his suicide. He was' recently operated
upon for appendicitis, but had fully re
covered. The clerk at the lodging-house
fays that Reid was perfectly sober when
he rented the room, and there was noth
ing in his appearance or actions to indi
cate that he Intended taking his life.
Commits Suicids in a Xtodgring-
House on Howard Street.
H. Clay ZLeid, Tannery Proprietor,
TURNS ON THE GAS
TO END EXISTENCE
To-day's itinerary will probably Include
a visit to the China Basin, where the par
ty will look the situation well over with
a vievf to commencing the erection of the
new terminal of the road there as soon
as the bill ratifying the lease has passed
the Legislature. The conditions of the
contract drawn up before the Board of
Harbor Commissioners calls for an ex
penditure of a million dollars to enable
the company to retain their holding.
A brief stop was made on the trip at
Point Richmond and the officials declared
themselves highly gratified at what they
saw there. On the way out the party
spent some little time in Texas, inspecting
some new holdings in that State. Ac
cording to President Ripley the extensions
In Texas which will give the railroad an
air line from Galveston to San Francisco
are still in the abstract, and for some
time at any rate nothing will be done on
them. Mr. Ripley thinks It will be at
least two years before the roa'd gets into
Oakland. "We have a great deal of work
to do on the Valley system yet," he said.
The party will stop here only for a few
days.
E. R. RIpley, president of the Santa
Fe, and a party of the road's prominent
officials arrived in this city yesterday on
a tour of inspection of the system. They
have apartments at the Palace. The
members of the party, besides President
Ripley, are J. J. Byrne, general passenger
agent; E. Chambers, general traffic man
ager; J. M. Barr, vice president, and R.
B. Burns, chief engineer.
President Says Work Will
Then Commence on China
Basin Terminal.
SANTA FE AWAITS
PASSAGE OF BILL
p-rpsaHERE was filed last week in the
1 1 [7 office of the County Clerk of Con-
I tra Costa a suit which opens a
1L chapter of litigation which it had
% been thought was long since
closed.
The title of the suit is "Grace D. Seifried
vs. Lorena Myrtle Barbier." The plaintiff
in the case, Grace D. Seifried, claims to
have been the adopted daughter of the
late Harry F. Emeric, and supports her
claim that Bhe wa3 treated as such with
the testimony of many prominent people
in San Francisco. Her father was a min
strel by occupation and her mother was
also in the theatrical line. Her father was
known as Tim Darling, and in the early
days of California, when Billy Birch was
in the height of his fame. Darling was a
member of his troupe. The couple had a
daughter, now the plaintiff in this action.
The little girl adopted the profession of
her parents at the age of 3 years, mak
ing her first appearance at the old
fected, whereby Lorena Myrtle Karbier
received a choice portion of the great San
Pablo rarcho, belonging to the Emeric es
tate and valued at about $75,000.
After the death of his first wife Mr. Em
eric remarried, and upon his death he be
queathed his entire estate to his widow.
Elizabeth Emeric, and ignored the claims
of his adopted daughter, Mrs.- Grace D.
Seifried. Mrs. Seifried promptly began a
suit against the widow, and a bitter con
test was expected. A compromise was,
however, effected and Mrs. Seifried re
ceived a substantial sum. which rumor
places at $7500. to forego her claims
against the Emeric estate.
She then instituted the present «suit
against Lorena Myrtle Barbier. in •which
she seeks to recover her share of the
property deeded to Miss Barbier. the
value of which she places at $25,000. While
the.pult had to be filed in Contra Costa
County by reason of the fact that the
real estate involved is located there, both
parties reside In San Francisco.
Both are determined women, and when
the matter comes to trial it is expected
that the contest will bo bitter and will
savor somewhat of the sensational.
It will be recalled that Harrv F. Em
eric had deeded to his first wife all his
valuable estate, which amounted to sev
eral hundreds of thousands of dollar?.
Mrs. Emeric died, and it was found that
she had conveyed all that estate deeded by
her husband to her sister, Lorena
Myrtle Barbier, and Emeric was Itft prac
tically penniless. Resort was had to the
courts and a compromise was finally ef-
Bush-street Theater, and was probably
the first child actress in the State. She
continued her theatrical career until about
1877. She was a winsome Httle girl, and
one of her auditors happened to be Harry
F. Emcric. He was charmed with her
and made overtures to her parents for
permission to adopt her, and promised,
according to the allegations of the com
plaint on file, to provide for and educate
her. and In the event of his • death to
make her his heiress. The parents finally
consented, and on June 4, 18S2. the plain
tiff was formally baptized according to the
rites of the Roman Catholic church as
Grace Darling Emeric, and thereafter she
continued to reside in the family of Harry
F. Emeric until the date of her marriage
to Fred Seifried.
THE PLAINTIFF AND THE DEFENDANT IN A LAWSUIT RECENTLY INSTITUTED IN THE CONTRA COSTA
CQUNTT BUPERIOR COURT INVOLVING PROPERTY OP THE EMERIC ESTATE VALUED AT $75,000, AND
WHICH WILL BRING ON AN INTERESTING LEGAL BATTLE.
The Stern family were made particular
ly anxious by the knowledge that Mrs.
Stern was very ill from the mental strain
ana grief over the death of her brother,
who was burled Saturday. Naturally their
first, care was to remove her to a place
of safety. B'' this time the fire had spread
to Saratoga Hall and the Saratoga Sta
bles, "kept hy M.* Michelson & Sons, on
the ground lloor. The stable hands,' who
slept on a half floor over the carriage
department, did not awake until the
(lames had burst through the side. wail.
Peter Mullaney, a harness keeper, slept
bo soundly that his bed was on flre befoie
he awoke. The stable men ran down
stairs, leaving their effects behind them,
and turned their attention toward saving
the horses and carriages. The build
ing, which is owned by Ben U. Stein
man, ex-Mayor of Sacramento, was con
siderably damaged on the east side, -«.nl
a carriage and hearse in the stable were
also partly burned. The hall and upper
floors of the building were considerably
damaged by flre and subsequently by wa
ter. The greatest excitement prevailed
up to that time, and as yet no one had
the presence of mind to turn in an alarm.
AVheji the bells . were tolling the first
alarm the flre was moving, eastward and
had reached the ¦ two-story framd at 806
and SOfiVi Geary, owned by. Mrs. Ernestine
Ephralm, and- occupied by the families of
S. M. Shawl and Charles Kelb. When
Chief Sullivan reached .the ground the
flre had veered, in a northeasterly direc
tion and attacked the rear of the build
ing at 609 Hyde street, . owned by Mrs.
Isabel Levy and oocupied by Mrs. Lena
Wolfe. The entire rear of the house was
burning rapidly, when Mrs. Wolfe, who
has been ill for some time, was carried
out on a bed to the home of a neighbor
across the street. The second and thinl
alarms followed in rapid succession, but
before the engines arrived in response the
Hre had reached- the three-story frame at
611, 611A and 611B Hyde street, owned
by Mrs. Henry Label and occupied by
Mrs. Cassie Hamilton. M. Heynemann and
Isidor Label. A few minutes later a threj
story: frame at 9 Meacham' place, owned
by Mrs. E. Keene and occupied as a lodg
ing house by Japanese, caught flre and
was completely destroyed, the occupants
losings all of their personal effects. The
flre was stopped. at that point, but had
there *een a breeze blowing there is lit
tle telling where it could have been
checked. -
It is estimated that the loss will not
exceed* $10,000. The cause of the flre has
not been learned, but it is believed that
a wooden • ash barrel in the rear of th<»
Stern dwelling is responsible for it.
Otto Willweber, lessee of Saratoga Hall,
first noticed the fire shortly after 4
o'clock. At that time It was confined to
the rear of a three-story flat at 808, 80SA
and busB Geary street, owned by the
Misses Annie and Kate Butler and occu
pied by the families of Mrs. L. Bartlett,
William ilankowski and Jacob Stern
The flames were issuing from the lower
nat, which is occupied by Stern, and were
attacking the adjoining three-story frame
at £10, fclOA and blOB Geary street, owned
by J. Haskins, and occupied by Airs. K.
Bannger, Mrs. A. H. Aubin ana the Uni
versal Gas Saving Association. Saratoga
Hall occupies the upper portion of tne
building, extending from 812 to 818 Geary
street, and a masquerade ball was in
progress there when the flre broke out.
Wltn commendable presence of mind,
Willweber proceeded to get the masquer
aders out of the hall without creating
any alarm. He instructed the musicians
to strike up "Home, Sweet Home" and
to the strains oi that favorite ajr he hur
ried off the 'happy throng. The last one
of the merry party had reached the street
before' any of them knew that there was
any danger. The lire was in the rear of
the buildings and was not noticeable from
the street. While Willweber was engaged
in. clearing the hall the neighbors were
busy packing out their, personal belong
ings, none of them thinking to turn in an
alarm.
A fire that at one j time threatened - to
wipe out all of the buildings on the block
bounded by Geary, Post, Hyde and Lar
kin streets broke out shortly after 4
o'clock yesterday morning. There was a
delay of fully lif teen minutes before the
fire department was summoned. Had
there been a wind blowing at the time
it is very " probable that the flre • would
have spread over a large district. A half
dozen buddings, including the Saratoga
Stables and Saratoga Hall on Geary
street, were burning fiercely before, tho
iirst stream of water was turned on. The
delay in reaching the tire was not due
10 any lacK. ot vigrllance on the part of
the tiretuen. The residents of the neigh
borhood were utterly bewildered and no
one seemed to know where to ttnd a lira
aiarm . signal station. When Fire Chief
butiivan ituchcu the ground in response
to the lirst alarm sounded at 4:21 o cIock
he ordered tn« bounding of two addition
al alarms to unng to his aid all the ap
paratus available on a tew minutes' no
tice, a The lire was a stubborn one, and
notwithstanding the fact that half of the
entire hre tignung force of the city was
at work, it was three hours later when
the hrst companies tooK up their lines
and started tor home. ..
Party of Masqueraders Cleverly
Dismissed • to Tune of "Home, -
- Sweet i Home," and a
Panic Averted.
Destructive Blaza in Midst
of Homes on Geary and:
Hyde. Streets.
DRIVEN FROM BED
BY FIERCE FIRE
CIN'CINXATI. Ohio. Jan. 27.— Eugene
Zimmerman received a telegram from San.
Francisco to-night stating that his daugh
tc-r, the Duchess of Manchester, was very
111 there with diphtheria and other com
plications. Mr. Zimmerman said he did
not know at what hotel in San Francisco
his daughter and her husband are stay
ing, lie Eaid he would start to-morrow
evening for the bedside of the Duchess.
As a matter of fact, the Duke and
Duchess had originally planned to visit
.Monterey yesterday and their epecial car
had been sent to the station for them
early in the morning. Officials waited an I
wondered as the distinguished travelers
failed to appear. Finally a message was
sent to the Palace which elicited the re
ply that the excursion had beea aban
dor.ed.
Jt was the intention of the party to start
Hast on the Central and Union Pacific
to-Rigrht and go direct to Cincinnati, but,
of course, all arrangements have been
u;'set by the illness of the Duchess.
When the Duchess reached here on Sat
urday nieri-.t she was suffering from a
Ffvere cold, contracted on the long trip
overland. She was taken ill at dinner
Saturday night and compelled to go to
her room, to which she has been confined
since by orders of her physicians.
It looks now as though the pleasure trip
©f the Duke and Duchess of Manchester
will be brought to an abrupt end In this
city. The I>uchess la reported to be ill
xvith diphtheritic sore throat, and while
the Duke aenies that she is seriously il\
her lather has been telegraphed for and
¦will start for this city to-day.
At the Palace Hotel yesteraay every ef
fort was made to keep the knowledge of
the Illness of the Ducness from becoming
I>ub!ic.
"The Duke and Duchess are In Mon
terey,'" was the bulletin handed out to
inquirers In the early part of the day
1-ater on, however, this was changed to
ua admission that the Duchess was
e lightly ill. Repeated messages sent to
the apartments linally elicited the Icllow-
Iwr ar.swtr from the Duke:
"Although her grace Is ill. there is no
caut« lor alarm. She is much better this
evening, lours sincerely,
"MANCHESTER."
Imke Says It Is Not Serious, but
Papa Zimmerman Is Tele
graphed for and Will
Come at Once.
Manchester's Bride Confined
to Her Room in the
Palace. •
DUCHESS SUFFERS
WITH SORE THROAT
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALt, MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1901.
Graee D. Seifried; the Alleged Adopted Daughter, Sues for
Share of the Property Held by Lorena Barbier.
LITIGATION OVER THE EMERIC
ESTATE IS OPENED AGAIN
12
Prlop to our. SEMI-ANNUAL STOCK-TAKING, whlcli
takes p'ace THURSDAY, Januarrj 3lst r we wm orrer
Extraordlnaru Values In our Housekeeping Goods
/ — ¦ . . . M . i. ¦ ¦¦¦
GOLDBERG. BO WEN £ C0'8 SPECIAL 8ATI5S SALE
TK',.r.^t»» «nl Clay Streets Oakland
Ammonia
Toilet— lavender — violet 2CC
rcg'ly" 30c bottle <5
Listerine
Lambert 2 0C 65c
Catalogue
Most complete grocery prke-Iist Issued
— free for .a postal
4]3 Cine 232 Sutter zSno California San Fraadse*
QOLDBXia. B0WX1T t CO'3 SPECIAL 817153 SALS
tIERCE'S
FAVORITE
SCRIFTION
JRWEAK WOMEN .
Guarantied correct and bast quality*
Oculists* prescription* fUlad. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phono. Mala U,
0PTICIAN5^ H0T jG&' > f APMWT W.
.642 Market 5t. instrument*
n u/*d£« chrohici.1 Bim.Diw&. Catalogue Frec.
Broken
Eyeglass
Jjmmm i*T>lac*d for SO eanta.
' Any A«tiranatlo Isaac* duplicated far 91.0O
and 91.30.
SW. Cor. GEARY and STOCKTON
Every rur will be> started at $1 and sold to
the highest bidder without reserve. Positively
last week. Avail "yourself of thia 1 opportunity.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
And followlnz days at J p. m.
TO-DAY Monday,
RUGS!
AUCTION
MIHRAN'S REXOWXED STOCK
ORIENTAL
OF THB GRAND
LAST WEEK
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
a tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
Tne Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BKL'XE. Agents.
333 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
¦:¦. Tripper's Oil cares, rheumatism and nauraltfa.
Druffc-lsts, ; 80c flask. Richards & Co., *M Clay. •
.' Incandescent light wiring; a* specialty. ¦ Elec-
trical Engineering Co., 508-511 Howard «t ,•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OHBMCEEE511EZL3BBBIIKBBBB
g a
a r
5 a
5 n
B
§ Our Annual S
I Reduction!
a n
•M ¦ ¦ i ¦ — ¦ i hi — — __^^^^.. _ W *
i Sale. !
B. n
g ™ I
3 s^s\ 0/ -
g Discount and Over 3
m ...On... S
B 1 g
i Art Goods 1
p And Pictures, I
I Crockery and |
g Glassware. I
g |
I S. & G/GUMP CO. |
g 113 Geary Street. |
i I
ggBBBBBBBBBBBSBBBBBBaH 8
Catarrh, Deafness,
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINfiHAS'S &?„„„
F^eular graduate and expert on EAR. NOSE.
THROAT and LUNG DISEASES.
2C4 Sutler treet, NW Cor. of Kearay
Hours. 9-12 a. m.; 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
CD EL" AN ' HONEST TRIAL, OF ONE
rKci" "WEEK gK-en to show the su-
perior merit of the treatment.
2000 test cases, 95 per cent cured. Call at
once or write for frea treatment.
\1U. T. HBSS,
KOTIKY rtLJLIJ AK4ATfO14Jr-Ar-LlW.
Tt ath Floor. Room 1015, Class Epredcela Bids.
Telephone Crown $31.
Ilesldeace. £21 California ux.. below PoweU.
Safe Francisco
Weekly Call $1.00 wV
DR.MCNULTY.
rr»His wkix-kno vrs and reliable old
I 8 pecUll.st cure* Blood Pnmon.Uouorrbcea.Oleft.
Sirfctan-, .s-mlnal Weakness. Impotence and thslr
allied ni*or<1»r». Hook on Diwui»« of M«i» tnZ
?. v 7Lr D .7' e *,f£r x 2'.£ e " < i e -' I>rn " r '»»«>n*bie. Honn.
9to»d*ny;0:30toS.a3*T'irvSan(l»Ts,iotoK.C(>nsul-
tatioufreeand sacredly confidential. Can oraddxesa
P. HOSCOR MrV'ULTY. M.D
20 }( Kearay H t^ Man J-'raneUco, C&3.
rce' y 20c \o y r*/-
Iresh shipment l J L -
Tea
* , . , „ ,v 4- oc
Ten kinds— reg'ly 50c 1b ~
PI p If . I f» O
Pin money— gherkins & mixed nr
Sweet— reg'ly 40c pint bottle J v -' v '
S a r d ine s
Imported "v t nr - T7*C
reg'ly wJeVaSC J ot V^ 1
A p r icot s
Evaporated— fancy t o x r
reg'ly 20c 1b L Z^y
Br an d v
California— pure _ rr , £/>•
reg'ly Jibot $4 gal . 7 5 u gal* > 3
Mustard
D & G French t f r
reg'ly 20c bottle l J) *"
A p p e tit si Id
Appetizing fish 'i A 1 o l r
regMy2occan . i^ 2 v,
V e/m'p-uth
French or Italian rr\r
reg'ly 60c quart bottle 5 u **
Da tcs
Fard — best imported tnc^
reg'ly 12JC 1b— black „ rf <
Molasses
New Orleans C C C
reg'ly 75c gallon can JJ
W h is ky
DCLScotch 8CC §1 30
ree'ly ti—ti 50 bottle -J °
and $4 50 and $6 gal *- T v 5
A 1 Let hre p t a
Condensed chocolate or\r
reg'ly 25c can u *"
O 1 i v e s
Extra Manzanilla 2CC
reg'ly 30c quart '^
T o i 1 e t s o.a p
Colgate— Turkish bath roc
reg* ly 60c dozen ~?
A soda fountain at home
— sold here at New York
Monday Tuesday Wednesdey
Finnan
Had dies
GOLDBERG
BDWEM
& no '
Sparklets
NOTE THE FOLLOWING:
80 Pairs ALL-WOOL WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
weight five pounds, 1 these Blankets are full size....
- Price S4.OO Pair
125 Extra Fine SNOWFLAKE COMFORTERS, with French
printed sateen covering, full size and minted
Price $3.00 Each
200 Pairs LACE CURTAINS, full length and width, yern
handsome designs In Madras Net and Imitation
Battenherg. Price S3.00 Pair
150 Pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, all new colorings;
these Portieres are In one and two pair lots..
• . • • Price $2.75 and S4.OO Pair
90 Pieces SCOTCH CURTAIN MUSLIN, 36 Inches In width
(pure white) and 12 different patterns..
• • Price 10c Yard
3 Cases Best Qualltu 36-INCH ART DENIMS, 40 different
designs, also pialn colors. . ...... Price 15c Yard
100 Dozen IRISH HUCK TOWELS, alreadu hemmed and
horders assorted, warranted pure linen, size 19x39. .
' ••••• Price S2.5O Dozen
165 Dozen FINE SATIN DAMASK .NAPKINS, full 25
Inches sauare; these Napkins are all odd, as we
5 haye no cloths or damasks to match
if I • • • Price $3.00 Dozen
75 DOUBLE SATIN DAMASK CLOTHS, 3 cards long and 2
uards wide, heautlful designs . Price $3.50 Each
25-lnch Napkins to match ahove cloths.
III.' 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISEMEJITS.