PRICE FIVE CESTS.
MRS. NATION'S ANTI-SALOON CRUSADE IN KANSAS. ONE PICTURE SHOWS THE CRUSADER KNEELING BE
FORE THE OPEN BIBLE IN HER CELL IN THE WICHITA JAIL, WHILE THE OTHER SHOWS HER AP
PEALING TO THE CROWD TO GO ON AND "SMASH! SMASH! SM.«SH!"
JAMES. H. KELLY, WHO WILL GO BEFORE THE GRAND JURY AND
.: CHARGE THAT; GROSS FRAUD WAS PERPETRATED IX. EXAMINA
TIONS HELD BY THE CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 15.— While Miss Mc-
Connell of this city was examjnthg a pis
tol which had been given : to v her ¦ by * a
Russian officer the weapon. was accident
alry discharged, the , bullet" entering her
left arm.* The ball was extracted;
Accidentally Shoots Herself .
j The - town has suffered , open saloons -In
violation of the license law for years. Tho
citizens ; generally; ; approve \\ of Mrs. • V?>\
soh's course \ in' following Carrie Nation's
plan. '•» Another. saloon^ at . Cascade : Is f . ex
pected to close immediately/
SALEM, Or.'. Feb. 18.-At Lyons, in the
Cascade Mountains,: thirty miles east of
here, Mrs. J. .Wilson last night raided an
unlicensed' saloon, patronized ;by ¦ her hus
band. After kicking her offending spouW
out: of : doors; ; she _ ; began -. smashing /the
place in Carrie Nation^ style: demolishing
bottles, kegs;, bar fixtures' and'" windows
and frightening a crowd of men out of the
house/ - The ; was practically ae
stroyed and will probably not reopen*. *".' '
Out. of a Joint and Wrecks It.
Oregon Woman Kicks Her Husband
IMITATES MBS. NATION.
The Homer was built at North Shields.
In ISSO.'She was 250 feet long and 34 feet
beam and waa-17 feet deep. She was
of S19 tons net register and wa3 owned by
the Elliott Steam Tus Company of Lon
don.
LONDON. Feb. IS.— The Russian bark
Hoppet. Captain LJndblom, which sailed
from Hull on. February 14 for Sapelo. has
teen towed into Grimsby with her bows
seriously damaged by a collision on tho
night of February 15 with the steamer
Homer, from Llbelu. The. Homer dis
appeared after the collision and is be
lieved to have foundered with the loss of
sixteen lives.
Aboard Her.
Down With Sixteen Parsons
STEAMEB DISAPPEARS
AFTER A COLLISION
Homer Is Believed to Have Gono
SAN JOSE. I' eb," 18.— Mrs. Eugene Mat
thews, who for some time has been iden
tified with the Florence Crittenton Mis
sion, i# recruiting forces for anantl-sa
loon crusade which she will shortly begin
In this city. She declares she will not
adopt the hsttchetand start on a smash-
Ing career, as Mrs. Nation did, but with
her followers she will go Into the saloons
and hold religious services right in front
of the bar. They will sing, pray and.en
treat the young men who patronize sa
loons to mend their ways, and the'Iadlea
believe they will make many converts'
Mrs. -Matthews says she does not: believe
Mrs. Nation's is the Lord's way, and
while her tactics may be efficacious in
Kansas they would not do here, where
conditions are different.
perance Women.
Crusade Planned by San Jose Tem-
Will PBAY IN .THE SALOONS.
LAWRENCE. Kans.. Feb. 18.-The Wo
men's Christian Temperance Union, mass
meeting of -last night was followed this
morning by a visit of a number of women
to the Police Court. There a lot of liquor
secured in a raid Ia3t summer was given
the women to smash. The women '. first
went to the office of a Justice of the Peace
and broke a couple of bottles of whisky
as evldence'and then. destroyed*. the rest
of the stuff in the street. Theyrwere"; fol
lowed by a crowd of several hundred peo
ple, but' disbanded , without attempting a
raid.-, , .;.:,.•, i^Wv'.W ' .
WELLINGTON, Kans., Feb. 18.— At a"
mass-meeting attended .by -1000 peopl»-an
ultimatum giving tie jointists until Fri
day evening next to remove. their goods
and fixtures receive'.', several hundred sig
natures. ... . •
The saloon-keepers have stored their
goods at their houses and say they will
defend them with their lives.
- WINFIELD, Kans.. Feb. IS.— A printed
circular signed "Determined Women,"
warning the Wlnfleld Commercial Club,
has been Issued. It says that men meet
at the _ club "to drink, gamble and hold
liquor carnivals" and closes: "If these
things are not stopped the den of vice will
be demolished and you may i prosecute
your mothers, wives and daughters if you
choose." *
• HUTCHINSON. Kans., Feb. IS.— As a
result, of yesterday's mas3-meeting, at
which an ultimatum was Issued warning
all w-ho unlawfully Fold liquor to stop by
noon on Wednesday next, the druggist3
held a meeting to-day and decided not to
handle intoxicants, even under permit
from: the Probate Juuge's office.
ARKANSAS CITY. Kans.. Feb. 1S.
"The second regiment. Carrie Nation
Home Defenders." nae been organized and
the local jointists given until Friday next
to remove their fixtures and goods from
the city. ¦*"
' HERRINGTON. Kans., Feb. IS.— A
mass-meeting of temperance people'has
adopted resolutions 'warning jointists to
remove their fixtures from town by Tues
day at 2 o'clock or suffer a raid.
Various Sections of Kansas.
Mrs. Nation's Followers Active in
MANY "JOINTISTS" WABNEDi
"The successful candidates for plumb-
Ing inspectorships were Peter Mulligan.
William Hobro and William Tobln. Tha
board or committee that was chosen by
the Board of Civil Service Examiners to
conduct the examination was composed
of myself, Charles Weiherbee and Richard
Rice."
"A . man by the name cf Dodge, who
took the examination and failed, asked for
another chance and we called a. special
meeting to go over his papers a second
time, but it was Impossible to raise his
marks. He is now c;oing In with Kelly to
make trouble. As to Kelly I. will say that
he must have got his job last "year
through a political pull, for he showed he
had a very poor knowledge of the subject.
He could not answer -the questions, that
is all, and it was impossible to give him
a certificate on hi3 showing at the ex
amination he took. Kelly failed to pass
and that Is all there is to bis charges.
"This whole matter is a piece of splt«
work. Kelly came to me a week agro and
threatened to make trouble for me unles3
he was made an inspector. I told him
that as far as I was concerned there
was no appeal from the Commissioners'
action. He said I had better think it
over. He told me he would give me a
week in which to change my ralnd, and
at the end of that tlma wtfuld go before
the Grand Jury with the Mulligan story
unless he were licensed. To-day he
came to my store and asked me whether
I had changed my mind. 1 told him I
had not, and he said he would have me
up before the Grand Jury.
"As far as the accusations with regard
to Mulligan are concerned they are ab
solutely false. I gave out no questions
In advance, nor did any other member
of the examining board. As to the an
swers to the list of questions., we ; . had
none prepared, but marked the papers as
they came In from our knowledge of the
topics ' treated of. . «
Fred W. Snook said last night:
Snook Makes Denial.
AVhen told that Kelly would be sum
moned before the Grand Jury and that he
would testify that he had been promised
a set of -the examination -questions, and
again asked IT he knew anything concern
ing such a promise, he again said. "I know
nothing about the matter."
When asked If he knew Fred Snook, he
replied. "I will lalk when the time comes
before the proper people."
amination questions, which Kelly claims
that he .received he replied, "I know
nothing about the matter."
When Plumbing Inspector. Mulligan was
seen at h.ls residence last night and con
'fronted by the statement made by Kelly
he . appeared . greatly, agitated and was
very evasive in* all his answers.* ' At first
toe denied that he was" Mulligan, but when
the reporter refused to speak to any other
member of the household he admitted his
Identity.- In answer to an Inquiry as to
whether hV knew anything about the ex-
"I do not hc3itate-to swear that Fred ;
Snook. . one of the Board of -Examiners
for % the 'examination of plumblng lnspect- (
qrs,' peddled the questions around and
that Patrick Mulligan was one of the men
who had these questions in his possession
some days -before the examination was
held."
Mulligan Is Agitated.
"As to my record, it will speak for it
self. I passed a ciiil service examination
for plumber In the Government service
and secured more than 90 per cent for my
answer's. Every one knows the difficulty
of passing a Government examination.
The questions put by the Board of Exam
iners for the Civil' Service Commissioners
were child's play compared to those I an
swered in the Government" examination.
"One of the questions required the
drawing of a and plan and one
of the men I speak of had a plan and
diagram Identical in every respect with
the one prepared by the Board of Exam
iners. It Is easy to infer from this that
the answers were peddled around in tho
same manner as the questions were. I
am perfectly willing to have my answers
to the examination questions compared
with those made by the other candidates
and abide by the decision of the best
plumbers in the city. ¦ ¦;••'
' "The Civil Service Commissioners se
lected master plumbers to act as an exam
ining board. This in Itself was wrong,
as the plumbing' Inspectors ' are called
upon to inspect the work done by these
men. .A man who would give answers
contrary to their views, though he might
be in the. right, would not be likely to
meet with "favor at their hands.' I den't
ask a favor of any nan; what I want
is justice and the exposure of these men
who have violated their oath and acted
in a, fraudulent manner. I am not afraid
to tell all I know and will do so before
the Grand Jury..'
"The rankest fraud was perpetrated in
the examination, as an investigation will
Bhow. Since I was let out of the health
office as a plumbing inspector I have gone
to the City Hall and taken copies of the
original questions and answers formu
lated by the Board of Examiners. I have
also copied the answers I made and the
answers made by four other men. One
of the men received a full percentage on
the questions as to knowledge of the du
ties of a plumber. Many of the answers
are incorrect.' as any man who *know9
anything, about plumbing can testify.
Now, it is a-remarkable fact that these
answers . ma.de by j this., man ¦ are Almost
identical -with those formulated by, the
Board of Examiners.
Identical With Prepared Answers.
' "I can tell a whole lot more, and will do
so before .the Grand Jury. I have a wife
and eight children to support, and no man
can say that I ever took a quarter I did
not work for. •
were dead easy: . I. got the list, of ques
tions from Mulligan and Fred Snook asked
mo for a sample of my handwriting, so
that he might recognise my written an
swers when the board passed on the mer
its of the candidates.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Feb. IS.— Th« case
against Mrs. Nation brought by the pro
prietors of "The Senate" saloon, whose
place she wrecked about ten days ago.
was resumed In court to-dsy- The court
room ¦was crowded.
\y # I. Jamison appeared for the State to
prosecute the case, ar.d J. M. Dumenil
represented Mrs. Nation. The table be
tween the two attorneys was piled high
with law bockf, and Mrs. Nation's at
torney had ready, besides legal bocks,
many quotations from the Bible. Mrs.
Nation sat behind her attorney and spent
roost of her time writing upon a small
tablet. The argument was commenced by
the defense and Attorney Dumenil cited
aiauv authorities.
In shaking cf the first case parallel to
Mrs. Nation's smashing, he said:
"It is found in the Bible— In the Temple.
We find by Matthew that Christ entered
he Tcrr.plt* and abolished that nuisance."
•Ie cited the New Hampshire law, which
•syn xfcat the private party abating a nui
sanoe does r.ot have to do it Ip a manner
l*-st salted to the other party. That means
that the liquor does not have to be care
fU'.y poured out. The New Hampshire
FiattJt* says that public nuisances may be
£bite4 by the acts of Individuals.
At this point Mrs. Nation left her seat
and cjjened a window." The cold; wind
rwejit in and blew the papers about the
courticcm.
"Cioje that window and open It from
tn « t*i»." «wid Judse McCabe to Marshal
Ros«-
and Is Taken to Jail.
Urs. Nation B'fuses to Give a Bond
CBUSADER'S CASES IN COTTRT.
p**J<^ OPEKA. Kans.. Feb. 1? - Mrs. j
j Carrie Nation Is now In the Coun- i
I ty Jail as the result of her trial
¦*-^ on a peace warrant before Judce
Hazfn. The warrant was sworn
•to by the iloeser Cold Storage Company, !
Into whore plant Mrs. Nation entered yes- j
terday morning. Mrs. Nation acted as
h*T own attorney In the trial. Judge Ha
zen placed her under a $2W bond to keep
the peace ar.d ordered her to appear be
fore kirn at the next term of court- Mrf.
Nation refused to give the bond and said
Fhe would go\to jail. She 1* now de
tained in the hospital room of the County
Jail. v.-h?re she will probably remain for
pome time. In the City Court this morn-
Ing argrjmpr.ts were given In the case
brought aguinst Mrs. Nation by the pro
prietors of the wrecked Senate saloon.
Judge McCabe Faid he would take the
matter under advisement until Thursday
norr.!r.{.
It 1b not likely that Mrs. Nation will be '
able to give a bond, because she declares
that s=he -will resum** her smashing cru- j
Fade against the "joints" . immediately
upon her relea.se. Her friends have been
advised that Judge Hazen will order her
released only on promise to send her
to her home at Medicine. Lodge.. .. [
Judge Hazcr. to-night placed Cal Mc-
Donald, Mrr. Rose Crist and MiES Made
line Southard under peace bonds. The
Judge delivered a scathing address to the
three Nation leader?. He expressed the
r.pir:Ion that Mtf. Nation is Insane, and
?aid those vho encourage her methods^of
reform ought to be of thtm
stlves.
The warrants f<r the arrest of the three
persons named were vs-orn out by Wil
liam Moeser. He also began suits for ma
licious trespass against Mrs. Nation, Mrs.
CriFt. Miss Southard. Cal McDonald.
Frank Murphy. Dr. Eva Hardins. Mrs. A.
B- Chadwick and Rev. F. W. Emerson.
' Somewhat of a Fensation was produced
Jn the saloon wreckers* camp when It be
came known that three of their members
had been put under bonds and others were
to be ctw*.* Interesting developments are
looked for.
"We desire that vre may have the aid
and names of all men and women of any
color or clime to l>e of us. Our motive
shall be Nehemiah lv:14: 'And I looked
and rose up and said unto the nobles and
to the rulers and to the: rest of the.'peo
ple. Be not afraid of- thsm: remember
the Lord yourGod, which is great' and
terrible, and fight for your brethren/.your
eons and your daughters, your wives, and
your houses.' Which is,* down with Uhis
Buplneness of hell— 'non-resistance'— the
paralysis Satan Is infusing into the delud
ed sons and daughters; of God in order
that ho may sow O .'J tares ~i Jii tisy.
bacco and Whisky.
TOPEKA. Feb. lS.-Mrs. Nation Issued
the following statement' to-day:
"HEADQUARTERS OF THE HOME
DEFENDERS. Feb. IS.
War of ¦ the Home-Defenders on To-
Mrs. Nation received a telegram this af
ternoon from the manager of a* Chicago
stock company, offering her 1500 a week
to play in a temperance play. She an
swered: "Not yet. while I've got eerie
sense."
MBS. NATION'S MANIFESTO.
Mrs. Nation's bond was fixed at 12000.
She refused to give it and was taken to
jail.
Other witnesses followed in a like man
ner, and she kept up a hot fusillade of
questions, such as, "What do you keep
In your place?" "Isn't It a fact that you
keep all kinds of hell-broth?" Mrs. Na
tion could not understand the sustaining
of the many objections, and said she did
not think the Judge was fair with her.
Mrs. Nation was tried on a peace war
rant and ; action . taken- to place her under
bond by County "Attorney Galen Nichols
before Judge Hazen in the District Court
at J:23 o'clock this afternoon. ' The trial
-was the result of her crusade Sunday
morning, the warrant being sworn out' by
the Moeser Ice and Cold Storage Plant,
where she was arrested by the Sheriff.
"Will Moeser, one of the partners, was the
fim witness. After he had answered, all
questions put by the County Attorney.'
Mrs. Xation. who acted as her own coun-
Fel. opened fire with all manner of ques
tions. Objections were offered, most of
which were sustained.
| Mrs. Nation took her seat and Ross
' closed the lower sash and opened the top
sash. Mr?. Nation rushed back and threw
up the lower sash again.
"Take your seat," commanded the
Judge. "The Marshal will take care of .
the windows."
"He didn't do It," snapped Mrs. Nation.'
"You sit down and. 'tend to your bus
ineFs and I'll 'tend to mine," retorted the ;
Marshal, as he closed the window.
Mrs. Nation was surprised. She was
in the habit of having her own way, and
this was rather a shock to her. Se
looked at Ross as if too surprised to say
j a word.
I Attorney Dumenil referred to the New
j Jersey Equity Reports, which stated that
| a man had the right to abate a common
nuisance without proceeding through the
courts, but afterward, if the court found
that he had made a mistake and that the
place was not a common nuisance, he
colld he recovered against.
Assistant County Attorney Jamison, a
colored lawyer, made the argument for
the prosecution. He said the charge of
destroying property brought against Mrs.
Nation docs not come under the head of
malicious mlschirf. v He argued that tha
law of destroying property was the. one
under which Mrs.-" Nation was arrested.
He held that If Mrs. - Nation . was not
guilty, then every one had a right to do
as she did. . » .- ¦ -
..Judge McCabe . said the question was
new and important and entitled to a thor
ough consideration, and he would an
nounce a decision Thursday morning.
"This array of the Home Defenders de
clares Its. intent In its name:. We are the
fathers and mothers, who, as God's host,
have come to the help of the Lord against
the mighty, and we are here to withstand
all the 'fiery darts of the wicked.* with
the shield of faith. We demand defense
and will have It. No whisky, no' to
bacco or profanity shall defile our hearth
stones. No man or woman who uses any
of these defilements shall have or need
p.sk to serve us. We will be your brother
to help you to cleanse yourself from the
filthiness of the flesh, but you need .our
assistance. We caqnot use you in our
business until you clean up. We are go
ing to place before the people men and
women, who must be examples of virtue
and strength, who thall serve us to re
ward good and punish evil. 'Happy is
that people whose God is the Lord, yea,
happy Is that people in such a case.' Kan
sas shall be free, and we will set her on
a hill that her light may go to every dark
corner of the earth. 'Come with us and
we will do thee- good, for the Lord hath
spoken good concerning such a people.'
"CARRIE NATION."
slumber. We have proven that the com
mand of Jesus is the only safe way. .'Re
sist the devil and he will flee.' Non-resist
ance and he Is bold end defiant.
called before the Grand Jury to reply to
the charges to be brought by James H.
Kelly. %
Charges Fraud and Daceit.
Kelly's statements were secured last
night and he declares most positively that
in the examination held last November
for plumbing inspectors the grossest fraud
anddecelt were practiced by one member
of the board of examiners. Kelly avers
that Fred Snook, one of the master
plumbers secured by the Civil Service
Commissioners to formulate questions and
answers for the examination, "peddled
the list of questions around for days be
fore the examination was held." Kelly
also claimed that Snook had given the
list to Patrick Mulligan, who agreed to
let him see the questions, and that Snook
also; secured a specimen of his (Kelly's)
writing In order that Snook might recog
nize, Kelly's examination papers.
While Kelly does not have proof that
the list of prepared answers was also
"peddled around." a peculiar fact is dis
closed in comparing the list of prepared
answers and some of the examination
papers written by the candidates who
took the test. In one^instance the an
swers of the candidate are almost identi
cal to those prepared by the board of ex
aminers, even to the drawing of a plan
of plumbing, which competent plumbers
say- Is absolutely useless.
Kelly, with thirty years' experience as a
master plumber and also as a workman,
was "turned down" by the examiners,
while some men. whose answers In many
cases even a layman can discern as incor
rect/ received full credits from the exam
ining board.
Attorney George Collins has been re
tained by Kelly to appear with him before
the Grand Jury ; and charge deceit and
fraud against the* Civil | Service Commis
sion and the. board of examiners selected
to conduct the test of ability of the city's
Inspectors of plumbing.
The board of examiners consisted of
Charles Weatherby, Richard Rice and
FYed W. Snook. .
Kelly rna'de the- following statement last
evening: ,
- His Experience Did Not Count.
"I 'was employed as a plumbing In
spector in the « office ; of the Board of
Health for the past thirteen months, and
have been engaged in the plumbing busi
ness all my life. ; ;.;»_.- \ '-;[
,' "I have worked for some of the princi
pal firms in this city and have also been
a master plumber. I. don't think that a
man lives who can honestly say that I do
not know 1 my trade. When the examina
tion for plumbing inspectors place
last November I took the examination,
and was the most surprised man In tho
world when I learned that I was rejected.
I intend to' go before^the Grand Jury and
charge fraud and deceit against the
board "of- examiners "who conducted the
examination.
"Twill s^ear that Fred Snook, one of
the examiners, peddled around the list of
examination questions Before the examin
ation was~ held, and that one of the in
spectors, Patrick Mulligan, who was suc
cessfully . passed by; the .board; had the
questions sorae, time before the day of the
examination. 1 1 am willing to admit that
i>: saw the" list of .questions ten ) min
utes before the examination was held.
I: did. .riot see ; . them -for the* pur
pose of studying up the right kind Vof
answers,- but I knew that -others '¦>; had
seen them, and I wanted -to see/ what
they -were like. I saw . that the questions
picion, consternation is likely to reign
among the* '.'Job holders" when they are
THE . many rumors which for
months have circulated in .the
city that seme of the examina
tions held by the Civil Service
¦ Commissioners were permeated
with fraud will be shortly investigated by
the Grand Jury now Fitting.
'. James H. Kelly, for thirty years a com
petent plumber, and recently In the em
ploy of the Health Department as a
plumbing Inspector. Is the man who will
furnish the Grand Jury with information
which seems destined to causs trouble
for important members of the civil service
entourage. -¦•
The. recent expose of the manner In
which examination papers were marked
by the Civil Service Commission and
boards of examiners Is too well known to
need comment. ¦• ¦
Attaches at the City Hall, under .the
regime of his Honor Mayor James D. Phe
lan, have had a choice topic of conversa
tion In recounting the -many qualifications
of a man known as "The Professor." It
was openly stated In C!ty Hall circles that
a candidate for a position under the char
ter, no matter If ho were deaf, dumb or
blind, cculd secure a position by the aid
of "The, Professor." "The thing, is very
easy," was the general remark. '"All one
has to do Is to secure the services of 'The
Professor,' and he will take the examina
tion in the name of the man who wants
the Job."
" Efforts to locate "The Professor" or
catch him at work have proved unsucess
ful, and while the friends of Mayor Phe
lan and the Civil" Service Commissioners
appointed by his Honor are congratulat
ing.themselves that the work of the char
ter^ Is, like . Caesar's . wife, above ¦ ; sus-
Grand Jury to Be Asked to Investigate Alleged
"Peddling Around" of List of Questions by
a Member of Board of Plumbing Examiners
Crusader Remains in Jail and the Arrest of Her
Principal Followers" Causes a Great Sensation
in the Camp of Saloon Wreckers at Topeka
Lord Stanley, the financial secretary of
the War Office, Imparted the Information
that the "Government had. purchased for
the troops in South Africa 113,975 horses in
Great Britain and 8748 elsewhere.' The
English and Irish horses proved the best
and the Americans next. • Of the latter
21,000 were purchased, while Canada sup
plied 3750. -.- -' ¦-¦"--¦-
LONDON, Feb. 18.— Questions in the
House of Commons to-day regarding the
war In South Africa did little . toward
really enlightening the situation in South
Africa. The Secretary of State for War.
Mr. Broderlck, gave a statement of the
ever-increasir.g number of cases of ty
phoid fever, among the, troops, thus par
tially, accounting for the long casualty
lists. .In October there were 569 cases and
SS deaths; in November, 1213 cases and
207 deaths, and in December 1663 cases and
2S6 deaths. The total since the beginning
cf tho war to December Is 13.101 cases and
4233 deaths.
the Houss of Commons.
Some Unpleasant Statistics Given in
"For the present they are poor. It will
take a long time to settle the country,
though, of course, it will eventually be
settled. Then there will be a large influx
of capital, and after the natural delay"
has been overcome, there may be even a
boom,' but that is* looking a long way
ahead."
• .
MANY DEATHS FROM FEVER
"There are several hundred Americans
In Pretoria ar.d Johannesburg, all splendid
fellows, , and mostly In positions of re
sponsibility connected with the mines.
They have done V groat^deal jofj.wQrk
toward 'the pumping out. of mines - lately
arid have organized a guard for the' pro
tection of - them. -This, step was most
necessary, as the gold fields cover." a front
of forty, odd miles, which it is very need
ful to protect, if only to prevent all their
efforts from being thrown away."
"What' are the chances of resuming
work?"
"Dewet has .the advantage of knowing
every inch of the country and of being as
sured beforehand of the active sympathy
of its inhabitants wherever he goes. The
English, on the other hand, have only a
partial knowledge of the country. They
are unfamiliar with the habits and lan
guages of the people and have incredible
difficulties to face at every step.
"I must say that Dewet's many escapes
are not, as many believe, merely the re
sult of luck, but so far as I can judge
from personal observation of the man his
successes up to the present are the result
of keen calculation and good generalship
on his part, combined with Spartan en
durance on.the part of his men. Dewet
Is a great man, as even his enemies grant,
but he has on his heels a, combined force,
the pick of the English army, under the
best generals in the neld, who are pursu
ing him relentlessly and with the tenacity
of the proverbial British (bulldog.
"The complexion of matters has com
pletely changed since I left Pretoria some
weeks ago, and at this distance It is Im
possible to say whether the war has really
ended. The area Is so Immense and oper
ations ore so widespread- that" nobody at
this distance can say what is happening."
"Will the British catch Dewet?" was
asked. 'J. i , ,
LONDON. Feb.' IS.— Adelbert Hay.
United States Consul to Pretoria, Is here
en route to America. He said to-day:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Returning Diplomat Tells oi
¦ Work of Americans in
South Africa.
Consul Hay Praises
P Daring Boer
General,
BRAVE DEWET
LEAD S BRITISH
LIVELY CHASE
JUDGE BELIEVES MRS. NATION
INSANE AND WILL DETAIN HER
UNTIL SHE PROMISES TO GO HOME
CHARGES FRAUD AND COLLUSION
IN THE EXAMINATIONS HELD BY
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSIONERS
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY ; 19, ) 190 17
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 81.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BAMESH. KELLY, one of the candidates who recently took an examination for the posi
hJb tion of Plumbing Inspector, intends to go before the Grand Jury and charge gross fraud
against the board of examiners selected by the Civil Service Commissioners. Kelly avers
that Fred Snook; o'ne of the examiners, "peddled around" the questions formulated, and that Pat
rick Mulligan had the list of questions in his pessessioji some days before the examination was
held. Kelly also charges that Snook asked him for a specimen of his handzvriting in order to
identify his' (Kelly's) written anszvers.SUPPLY TRAIN OF FRENCH CONTINGENT OF VON WALDERSEE'S FORCES ON MARCH UNDER CONVOY TO
SIANG-FU. WHERE THE CHINESE COURT IS ESTABLISHED. AND PORTRAITS OF GERMAN LEADER AND
AMERICAN COMMANDER, WHO WILL NOT TAKE PART IN THE FORMER'S NEW EXPEDITION.
COUNT CASSINI, THE RUSSIAN EMBASSA-JOR TO THE UNITED
STATES, WHO CLAIMS RUSSIA'S ACTION IS DUE TO THE DEMANDS
OF COMMERCE FOR PROTECTION.
. LOS ANGELES. Feb. 18.-Frank .Velasco to
day filed suit against Coroner Holland • ami
Deputy Strobe! for. 1299. claiming that he- was
forcibly compelled to serve upon a Coroner' s
iuiv. ¦ ¦
•visors.
REDWOOD CITY. Feb. 18.— W. D. K.
Gibson to-day petitioned the Board of Su
pervisors for a fifty-year franchise over
and upon certain of the public roads and
highways ' of the county from the \ ter
minus of the electric railroad at Baden-'to
the city of San Mateo, and for the privi
lege- to construct and operate a single .or
double track and to erect and maintain
the necessary poles, -wires and appliances
for an electric trolley system. The peti
tion was. filed and a resolution passed 'Or
dering the publication of notice of eale-^f
the franchise. • Bids will be opened and
the franchise granted on April 1 next. /
ASKS FOR FRANCHISE
FOB ELECTRIC ROAD
W. D. K. Gibson Files a Petition With
San Mat'o County's Super- •
EDITOR SHOOTS
A NEWSPAPERMAN
Mortimer H. Stevens Injured
in Republican Office at"
Honolulu.
After this experience. It is stated, Gill
secured a pistol to be rendy in case
further attacks came Gill has refused
The article that led to the trouble was
published on the day of the shooting- It
•was a numerous, fcalf sarcastic piece
about the actions of three young ladies
who are quite well known here, no names
beir.g mentioned. Tiie article made it ap
pear that, while they were all engaged
to be married in Loj Angeles, they were
"working" some young society men here
who were paying court to them. After
the publication of the article R. C. Raw-
Mns, a relative of tue ladles supposed to
have been referred to, called at the office
of the Republican and had a lively Inter
view with GUI. It is- said that Rawlins.
who is a big man. was only prevented
from thrashing GUI by the interference
of the printers in the office.
HONOLULU. Feb. 12.-Edwin S. Gill.
editor of the Republican, shot and seri
ously wounded Mortimer H. Stevens, a
member of the staff of the Advertiser, in
the office of the. Republican on the even
ing of the €th. Stevens called at the
office o.f Gill's paper with a complaint
about an article GUI had published con
cerning some young ladles who were stop
ping at the Hawaiian Hotel, and to ask
that no more be said on the subject The
interview led to high words. Gill was
struck by Stevens and he drew a revolver
and ehot Stevens In the leg, inflicting a
dangerous flesh wound.
ASKS MOEE- STRINGENT
• .! nmiGRATION LAWS
WASHINGTON,- Ftb. 18.— The Secretary
of the Treasury ."sent to: the" Senate a let
ter from the commissioner general of Im
migration requesting mandatory; legisla
tion for. the purpose of requiring steam
ship companies . bringing Chinese persons
to ports- of -the United. States ¦ to return
to China, those who may be rejected by
Xhe United. States authorities. The pres
ent law is intended to accomplish this
purpose, but It ls not considered, sufficient
ly specific. . ; v. . \ • ..'¦; .:.'.'.''.¦ '.. ¦ •'. '
. The .commissioner general. also suggests
an amendment to th- existing law author
izing Chinese and immigrant inspectors to
make summary arrest of Chinese believed
to be unlawfully In this; country. , , :.*
May Remain at Samoa.
WASHINGTON; _ Feb. \. IS— The I regular
term ; of/ service . of Commander Benjamfn
F. Tiliey , the commandant' of , the -naval
station at Tutuila, i Samoa, will.sooniex
pire and ' he will comu home on.. leave. of
absence, .-r It- is;,probable ' that the -Navy
Deparment, however, will . give him ah
additional assignment to the command of
the station as he is willing. to! return/ there
and his .¦; administration , of.: affairs ; . ha*
given much , satisfaction !to ,the . natives- Df
the -island • under -his charge. .
TARLAC. Province of Tarlac, Luzon,
Feb. 18.— The United States Philippine
Commission decided to-day that it. would
not be wise to postpone the organization
of the provincial government in the prov
ince of Tarlac. As the first step in the
work of organization the commission de
cided to appoint an American as Gov
ernor of ttte province, the selection falling
SP'^JW? 111 . Wallis C. ; Clark of the
Twelfth United States Infantry.
The commission- was welcomed to the
former headquarters of Aguinaldo <wlth
bands and arches. A public session was
held this afternoon at. which the law-was
discussed briefly and passed. Then the
appointments were • announced, 1 Including
in. addition to Captain Clark as Governor
Lieutenant Henry M. Morrow of the
fhlrty-flrst Volunteer Infantry, - to*. be
Treasurer, and Lieutenant Robert ' S
Welsh of. the Thrrty-ninth United States
Volunteer Infantry.' to be Surveyor. The
Secretary and the Fiscal' will be natives
WASHINGTON ¦ Feb. 18.— Casualty - ri
po ,£., froin .~ General MacArthur at,Manila
. Killed-Twenty-elghth Infantry; Oliver
Hymberger ; Hospital Corps, John L, Gor
ley; Fifth Infantry, Edward C. Lusk and
Eugene R. Locens. . ". ; ¦ TT.7"
- Wounded— Hosptial . Corps, William > A
Counte. slight ; i Forty-ninth Inf antrv"
Charles Nesbitt. slight; . John T. -, Wood
slight; Miller Scott, slight. Fortieth in
fantry. Sergeant Walter Huff. serious-
Herman E.. Braden. -serious:. John. Jak
sap. serious: Corporal Sydney O. Watson
serious. Thirty-third Infantry., Battalion
Sergeant Major. James L. Scott, silent
Forty-sixth Infantry, Benjamin Johnson'
mortally. ¦ :;-^^s
Philippine Commission Wel
comed to Aguinaldo's For
mer Headquarters.
CLARK APPOINTED
TARLAC'S RULER
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18.— Hale, chair
man of the Senate Committee on Naval
Affairs, to-day introduced a bill for the
revival of the grado of .vice admiral In
the navy and authorizing the President to
appoint two rear admirals to that office.
The bill Is in the interest of Admirals
Sampson and Scltley, and ls intended to
aid In solving the problem of their pro
motion, as well as the promotion of other
officers who served with them In the
Spanish war. • "*
Hale also Introduced the following joint
resolution of thanks to Admiral Sampson,
in accordance with -the President's recent
recommendation: : . - ?- -." ¦•,-••
."In accordance with the provisions of
section 1508 of the Revised Statutes, the
thanks of Congres3 and of the -American
people are hereby tendered to Rear Ad
miral William T. Sampson, U. S. N.. com
mander in chief of tne United States naval
force on the North Atlantic station during
the late war with Spain, and to the offi
cers and men under, his command, for
highly distinguished conduct in. conflict
with the enemy and in carrying on the
blockado and naval - campaigns on the
Cuban coast, resulting in the destruction
of the Spanish fleet at Santlago.de Cuba
on July 3, 1898. • ••- ¦ •- -
"Section 2— RcsolvoO. That the Presi
dent of the United States be requested to
cause this resolution to be 'promulgated
and to communicate the same to Rear
Admiral Sampson and to 'the officers and
men of his late command."
¦.- Both measures were prepared at 'the
Navy Department.
Senator rSlcComas to-day Introduced a
bill and resolution similar to that J of Sen
ator Hale, but the McComas bill provided
that the men to be made vice' admirals
shall be selected from those "who partici
pated in the^ naval battle off Santiago."
His' resolution extending the thanks of
Congress names Schley iand places him
before Sampson, but includes' them with
"the officers and men engaged in the naval
battle off Santiago." : v - \
Pneumatic Tube Service Is
Now the Only Disputed
Point.
' WASHIXGTOX, Feb. IS.— Nearly the
whole of to-day's session of the Senate
was devoted to consideration of the post
offlce appropriation bill.- So far as com
mittee amendments to the measure are
concerned the bill practically was com
pleted, although the amendment appropri
ating $500,000 for an extension of the pneu
matic tube service remains'undlsposed of.
The entire Question was passed over un
til to-morrow. ;
Pettus delivered a speech In opposition
to the" ship subsidy bill.
"The beneficiaries of this bill." said Pet
tus. "will never be In danger of the poor
house." (I^aughter.)
. The postofflce appropriation bill was then
taken up, on motion of Wolcott, chair
man of the Committee on Postofflces and
Post ¦ Roads. As reported by the Senate
commute* the bill carried $124,303,086. Ex
plaining the committee amendment ap
propriating $5CO,000 for the extension of
the transportation of mail by tho pneu
matic tube system. Wolcott said the pro
vision was practically tho same, as that
proposed in the last session of Congress
except that It provided for the contlnun
tl#n of contracts for i noumatic tube ser
vice which by limitation expire on June
1 next. Personally he Was opposed to the
provision and he asked therefore that one
of the advocates of the provision take
charge of It. : .•
Allison made a point of order against
the provision that It was general legisla
tion on an appropriation bill. The chair
(Beverldge) held the point well taken.
I Chandler, Mason and-Cullom advocated
the amendment, while Allison and Petti
grew, antagonized It. Finally; by unani
mous consent, the entire question went
over until to-morrow.
Butler of Xorth Carolina offered an
amendment reducing thfe sum appropri
ated for inland transportation of mall by
railroad routes from $34,700000 to $32,000.
000. and authorizing the Postmaster Gen
eral to readjust the cost of carrying tho
mail over railroad routes and reduce It at
least 5 per cent below the figures made at
present.
-The bill was then laid aside for the dav.
The Louisiana purchase exposition bill
passed by the House was laid before the
Senate and referred.
Sewell of New Jersev called up the con
ference report on the military academy
appropriation bill.- - '¦
Daniel of Virginia inquired if the meas
ure as agreed upon by the conference pro
vided that a cadet convicted of hazing
should be debarred frcm holding a com
mlssidn In the United States army, navy
or marine corps.
Sewell replied that such a provision had
been embodied in the bill as It passed tha
Senate and it was In the measure as
agreed upon In conference.
-< ¦ Daniel protested against such- action by
Congress, declaring that to enact "such
an extreme and cruel provision" would be
worse than the offense of hazing Itself.
"It ls an extreme and cross Invasion of
personal rights," said he. "to which" I
could never give my assent." 1 H©- said It
would cause the good sense of the coun
try to revolt and would be a stain upon
the statute books. /•
The report went over until to-morrow
At 5:55 o'.clock the Senate went into ex
ecutive session. • and at 6 o'clock ad
journed. • . " - - . i
SENATE COMPLETES
THE POSTAL BILL
WASHIXGTOX. Feb. 13.— The Senat*
Committee on Commerce to-day concluded
the consideration of the river and harbor
bill. Action upon several amendments
heretofore adopted has been reconsidered
and various House provisions recast until
the total appropriations have been re
duced below. that made by the House. The
Nicaragua canal amendment was vote<l
down to-day. TJie bill will be reported
to the Senate to-morrow.
The Senate caused the reduction In tho
total of the bill by horizontal cuts on all
Important items, these reductions amount
ing to one-fourth in all appropriations of
over $5000 In immediate cash appropria
tions, one-third in £.11 appropriations in
excess of $300,000 for continuing contracts.
These reductions were made In all sums
above those amounts, whether they were
as the bill passed the House or aa it had
been amended by the Senate committee.
In some Instances tne committee had In
creased the amounts . provided by the
House and in cases of this kind the re
ductions amounted In some cases to a
practical return to the House figures.
There were also some entirely new item.?
Introduced by the committee. All wera
reduced. The bill therefore is practically
a new measure as to amounts.
The totals were not carefully ascer
tained by the committee, but they ap
proximate $60,000,000.
As presented to the Senate the bill will
Include the following Items of direct ap
propriations: San Pedro. CaL. inner har
bor $112,500: waterway between Puget
Sound and Lakes Union and Washington,
Washington, $56,230.
Continuing contracts: Oakland harbor,
California. $ol2,000; Tacoma harbor, "Wash
ington. $262,667. ¦
Reservoirs for the storage of surplus
waters and for irrigation are recommend
ed on Plney Creek, Wyo., and Bull River,
Wyo.
Action of Senate Committee
on the. River and Har
bor Bill.
APPROPRIATIONS
GREATLY REDUCED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALlIj BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
(f^ ' N. WY. WASHINGTON. Feb. 18.
(i —Because of the advantage
\^^7 which will be reaped by German
and British exporters there Is a
disposition In commercial circles ' to be
lieve that foreign Interests will oppose the
removal of the countervailing duty on
Russian sugar. The future action by the
Treasury Department depends, of course,
upon the decision which will be made by
the Board of General Appraisers. To
bring about a prompt settlement, it ls un
derstood here that the machinery export
ers, whose business will be seriously'af
fected by the application of the maximum
tariff o{ Russia, propose to join hands
with the importers of Russian sugar. A
gentleman who ls acquainted with trade
conditions' throughout Russia .explained
this afternoon the effect of the action of
the Russian Government.
"I greatly fear," he said, "that the re
sult will be disastrous to American, trade
in machinery, tools and steel and cast
iron manufactures. German and British
exporters are naturally delighted at the
increase of rates on American imports.
Russia, and Russian subjects have pre
ferred American goods, which are supe
rior to German and British manufactures,
TO REVIVE GRADE
OF VICE ADMIRAL
the Senate Naval Com
mittee. ¦ , .
— — •— — — •- ¦ % ,¦ ¦ ..
Bill Introduced by Hale of
and besides they have the advantage of
cheapness. Now Russia will, in view of
the prohibitive price that must be placed
upon American imports, be content to
purchase inferior articles because It suits
the pocketbook.
"The Ru?sjan Government spends be
tv. een $75,000,000 and $110,000,000 annually on
railroad material, and the United State3
has sold a great deal of that Imported.
I am afraid the Russian Government will
feel, irritated at the application of the
countervailing duty on its sugar and will
not feel disposed to place any further con
tracts in this country. Private interests
also construct railroads in Russia, and
thes<owlll naturally buy material which
is cheaper, even though its quality Is In
ferior to that of American manufacture.
"It is not a question of what the manu
facturers desire or think ought to be. It
"Russia purchases a considerable quan
.tity of machinery from the United States,
and American tools have created a mar
ket which has steadily grown. The Brit
ish and Germans will endeavor to improve
the. opportunity they now have and will
try to monopolize the market, so that if
minimum rates are restored upon Ameri
can imports American merchants will
find their market gone. This is especially
likely to happen in Siberia, which 13 nat
urally a market of the United States, as
this country is so much nearer to that
section of Russia than is Germany."
In speaking to-day of hla recent order
Imposing a countervailing duty on Rus
sian sugars. Secretary Gage said:
WASHINGTON. Feb. IS— The
United States Government is
facing a serious crisis In
China, owing to the an
nouncement of the purpose of
FieM Marshal Count von Waldersee to
etart another offensive campaign. Gen
eral Chaffce has been Invited to join in
The expedition, which is to be mobilized
on a larger scale than anything attempted
In China since the original march to Pe
kirp. The general eo informed the War
Department to-day, and the officials of
the State Department have been advised
of the situation.
This German movement is viewed with
absolute dismay here, for it Is feared that
it requires an immediate decision by the
United States Government of its whole
line of policy toward the Chinese ques
tion. General Chaff ee will be told that
he is not t<> participate in this campaign.
He .has been keeping the American forces
In Peking ever slnre the city was pacified,
gtmply as a legation guard, and the Ger
man Government is fully aware that the
Ui ited States Government purposely de
prived the American contingent in China
Ot Its offensive military character and
withdrew it from the control of General
von Waldersc-e in order to hasten peace
negotiations and prevent, so far as it
could, the continuance of military move
ments against the Chinese, which were at
oree unnecessary and baneful in their ef
fcx-t upon the peace movement. So, our
Government, not having changed Its pol
icy, cannot do otherwise than cause Gen
eral ChaiTee to refrain from any partici
pation in hostile military movements, so
long as the present peaceful conditions
continue. But another very serious point
under consideration is not whether Chaf
i>e shall join the German movement, but
whether it is not the duty of our Govern
ment to exercise all proper efforts to dls
puarte the German Government from un
dertaking this campaign.
The Chinese Government is unfortu
nately delaying the peace negotiations in
an exasperating way and is not respond
ing in proper spirit to the effort of the
United States Government. Word has
just come from Minister Conger which
confirms the press advices relative to the
Chinese declination to accede to the de
mands of the Ministers in the matter of
capital punishment of the leaders impli
cated in the Boxer movement.
Cong-er's message touching the subject
of punishment gave It to be understood
that the Chinese Government has agreed
to exile Princes Tuan and Lan without
capital sentences, to . recommend suicide
to Prince ChwanK. death for Yu Hsien
amd Chao Chi Chao. imprisonment and
degradation from office for Chi Use and
Hsu Chens Yu. It is said that an edict
already has been issued to execute these
sentences.
A visit from the Japanese Minister id
the State Department served to give
coW to the story that our Government Is
casting about to ascertain how far the
other powers party to the Chinese ques
tion will indorse this proposed cam
paign. It was impossible to secure exact
Information on the subject. The whole
*ub.teet, it was paid. U to come before the
Cabinet meeting to-morrow, when the
course to fee pursued by the I'nited States
Government will be determined.
It is uneqvi vocally decided by compe
tent authorities that the American forces
under no circumstances will participate
with the Germans in the proposed expe-
one for Tientsin and the other two for
Shan-Hai-Kwan.
"Count von Waldersee has prepared his
plans for the new expedition." says the
Poking correspondent of the Morning
Post, wiring yesterday, "and it will start
next Saturday. All the powers, except
Russia and the United States have agreed
to allow their forces to join."
HOT TALK IN COMMONS.
Made for Expedition to China's
Interior.
Statement That Plans Are Not
LONDON, Feb. 18.— In the House' of
Commons to-day the refusal of Lord Cran
borne, the Under Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs, to answer questions con
cerning which notice had not previously
been given, gave John Dillon, Irish Na
tionalist, the chance to move an adjourn
ment of the House In order to debate tho
subject. Dillon declared that the Under
Secretary of the Foreign Office had been
muzzled. . ¦
Mr. Balfour. in defending the course of
Lord Cranborne, said the practice of crosj
examining the Foreign Secretary was
dangerous and would preclude the carry
ing on of delicate negotiations and might
endanger the interests of the nations and
possibly the peace of Europe.
The House then divided as follows: For
adjournment, 204; against, 249.
Lord Cranborne, when the debate on the
address in reply to the King's speech from
the throne was resumed, said commercial
interest was Great Britain's principal in
terest in China. Thero had been great
delay in the settlement of affairs in China,
but such delay must be expected in deal
ing with the Chinese. As to the question
ot Indemnity, Lord Cranborne said the
British Minister at Peking. Sir Ernest
Satow, had been Instructed to gather to
gether the claims that were to be made.
Referring to the railroad dispute. Lord
Cranborne said Russia had assured the
Government that the occupation of the
Peking-Shanhalkwan railroad was onlv
temporary and that the railroad and ma
terials would be restored at the end of tlie
occupation.
Lord Cranborne added: "I am bound to
say that in all our dealing with the Rus
sian Government in this matter we have
been received in the most friendly way.
We have no complaint whatever to make
against the Government of the Czar."'
Continuing, Lord Cranborno said Rus
sia had assured the Government that any
agreement between Russia and China re
specting the occupation of Manchuria was
in the nature of a modus Vivendi, to pre
vent disturbances along the frontiers and
railroad. It was purely temporary, and
although a guarantee was expected by
Russia that these disturbances would not
break out again, " that guarantee would
not take the form of territorial acquisi
tion, or a virtual protectorate.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt asked: "I«
it true that an expedition into the interior
of China has been ordered bv Count von
Waldersee? and if so, how does the order
affect our troops? At the end of such an
operation we might find ourselves in an
other guerrilla war among a population
far greater than the. Boers." .
Lord Cranborne replied that so far as
the Government was aware no power was
contemplating an expedition into the Inte
rior of China. If It was so. the British
commanders would require fresh instruc
tions. . . • -
dition. and although it cannot be learned
thit General ChaXfee has yet received in
structions to that effect, he undoubtedly
will have them very shortly.
The United States Government stands
steadfastly by the principles laid down in
Secretary Hay's letter of July 3 last.
MINISTERS RENEW DEMANDS.
Jlsanwhile Preparations Proceed for
a Foreign Expedition.
PEKING. Feb. 1*.-The foreign envoys
have held a conference regarding the
Chinese reply concerning the punishment
of the guilty persons named' by the pow
ers. The reply was considered unsatls-'
factory and the envoys decided to insist
upon a compliance with their original de
mands.
This decision and the objections urged
by tho envoys to the latter imperial edict
were unanimous and the dean of the dip
lomatic corps will inform the Chinese
plenipotentiaries that. the former require
ment? must be strictly complied with.
Meanwhile great preparations are being
made by the various commanders prepar
atory to the big expedition. Apparently
the only commanders who have enough of
anything for a long campaign are the
American, British and Japanese. The oth
ers are deficient, especially the Germans,
although Count von Waldersee believes
that in a few days he will have all the
supplies really necessary. He takes the
position that it will be better to Becure
the greater part of the provisions from
the country itself, but most of the gener
als think it unwise to take so great a risk
The British will rely almost entirely
upon pack trains. Any other method of
transportation through the mountain
parses would probably be impossible, as,
according to Information received here,
the Chinese have prepared for just this
contingency and have blocked every pos
sible pass with big bowlders, in order to
render the passage of artillery next to
impossible.
Many people In Peking say that Count
von Waldersee is "working a bluff" in
co-operation with the foreign envoys, hop
ing to compel the Chinese plenipoten
tiaries to comply with the demands of the
powers. The military authorities say this
may be the case, but China would never
believe the foreigners again if they failed
to send an expedition alter Dr. Mumm
yon Schwarzensteln personally notified Li
Hung Chang that it would be done in case
the Chinese court did not accede to the
demands cf the powers.
Prince Ching and Li Hung Chang ar«
greatly worried.
WALDERSEE READY TO RAID
All Powers Except America and Bus-
sia Agree to the Plan.
BERLIN, Feb. 18.-The Cologne Gazette
publishes a dispatch from Peking which
explains that Field Marshal Count von
"SValdersee's new expedition is Intended to
finally clear the province of Chi-11 of Chi
nese soldiers and produce a wholesome
dread among the Chinese. The German
commissariat department has ordered 1000
transport wagons to be ready within
eighteen days.
LONDON. Feb. 19.-The Taku corre
spondent of the Morning Post says it ls
rumored there that the Russians are ship
ping three regiments from Vladivostok
to make any statement since the Bhoot
?£• un , der advice of his attorney. The
Advertiser made the affair the occasion
of an exceedingly bitter attack upon Gill
and the latter has responded with interest.
The Advertisers attacks are upon Judge
Humphreys, first judge of the First Cir
cuit Court, whom it accuses of being the
lnsplrer or the Republican's editorials
Stevens was formerly ; with, the San
Francisco Chronicle and is a well-known
newspaper man in San Francisco. He
was formerly an editor In Arizona and in
Southern California, and is well known to
the newspaper -fraternity In the States
¦The two young women referred to are
said to be Miss Schwartz and Miss Chans
lor of Los Angeles. Miss Birdie Chlnslor
Is a sister of Jo Chanslor. the oil mas
nate of Bakersfleld. who made the first
big strike in the Kern River field three
years ago and is now reported to be sev
eral times a millionaire. She Is one of the
most popular girls in the younger net of
Los Angeles society: is an accomplished
singer and a. fair golfer. • ¦ .
Miss Laura Schwartz is the eldest of
three handsome sisters, well known
throughout Southern California for their
beauty. Their friends are indignant that
their names should have been 'mixed up
in an editorial battle with pen and
WASHINGTON^ FebnsAThe" bill to au
thorize the; hoMJng.-of.~the international
exhibition . o£_the cent.enplal anniversary
of the Louisiana purchase at St. Louis in
1S03. and appropriating $5,000,000 therefor,
passed the House to-day under 'suspen
sion of the rules, by a vote of 191 to 41.
The opposition was hopelessly! In the mi
nority and the struggle over the bill was
brief. The question of closing the expo
sition on Sunday was not mentionted dur
ing, the. debate. The bill to define the
ward ''conspiracy" in the Sherman anti
trust law to avoid the possibility of its be r
ing held applicable to labor organizations
was defeated by almost a two-thirds vote.
The sundry civl bill was under considera
tion-late in the day, and Cannon took oc
casion to make a detailed statement of
the of the present. Con
gress. He was led i to this, he said, by
many criticisms of the reckless extrava
gance of this Congress. T-he situation, ho
eaid, was quite bad enough without ex
aggerating'it./,\ , it _
Immediately after the reading of the
Journal Tawney of Minneapolis, chairman
of the .'special committee on the Louisiana
purchase' exposition, moved the passage
under suspension of the rules of the bill
appropriating $5,000,000 for the exposition.
•A second was demanded and ordered,
•which action alldwed twenty minutes' de
.bate on a side. Before the debate began
Lattimer of South Carolina asked unani
mous consent to offer the Charleston (S.
C.) exposition bill as an amendment, but
Hopkins of Illinois objected.
' Tawney dilated upon the great and over
shadowing importance of the event which
this. proposed exposition was to celebrate,
calling attention to 'the fact that of all
expositions held in this country Congress
had authorized but two^-the Centennial
celebration at Philadelphia and the Ex
position at Chicago — to commemorate the
fotir hundredth anniversary of the discov
ery , of .America. 'Congress, he said, had
only provided for Its own exhibit at other
expositions. The magnitude of the event
to be celebrated at St. Louis made' it
proper that Congress should authorize it.
Maddox of Georgia opposed the bill, but
said he did not imagine his opposition
would avail.
I "It ought not to," cried Tawney, "in
view of the contract we made at the last
session."
"I want to talk about other contracts
just as binding," replied Maddox, who
proceeded to recall the manner in which
Canno'ri. chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, was fighting honest claims.
"Moreover." he said, "there are to be
no public buildings authorized by this
Congress on account of the growth of ex
penditures. The $5,000,000 which Congress
would give to a private enterprise by this
bill." he said, "would build fifty necessary
public buildings." He was anxious, he
said, to see where the "watch dog of the
treasury." Cannon, stood on this bill.
Sims of Tennessee, who followed Mad
dox, taunted Cannon with fighting honest
claims of a few hundred dollars and then
remaining quiescent when such a bill aa
the pending one was before the House
He declared' that Cannon, if he would ex
ert his influence, could defeat this meas
ure. Sims declared that no exposition bill
was justifiable, and he appealed to his
Democratic colleagues not to vote for tho
pending, meaaure. »
Cannon said he hadf consistently 'and
persistently opposed, siich legislation. Ho
agreed that exposition matters had run
wild.. But this bill was now upon a toot
ing where it could not be disregarded; Ho
had opposed the paragraph in the sundrv
civil bill at the last session. , It had been
placed upon the bill by Senator Cockrell
a Democrat, in the Senate. He had op
posed it with voice and vote, but it had
become a law. St. Louis had complied
with Its part oZ the contract and the
Government was obligated to comply also.
He should, therefore, vote for the pending
The bill was then placed upon its pass
age, .a roll call being demanded, from all
sides.
The bill was passed. 191 to 41-more than
•the requisite two-thirds.
L-ittlefleld of Maine then moved to pass
under suspension of tho rules the bill to
denne the meaning of the word "conspir
acy and to regulate the use of restrain
ing orders as proposed to be amended by
the. committee. .. Llttlefleld said the 'bill*
was designed to exempt labor unions from
the operation of the conspiracy clause of
the Sherman anti-trust act, but confined
the exemptions within certain limitations
by the operations of the amendments
which the Judiciary Committee recom
mended, as follows:
"Provided, that the provisions of this
act shall not apply to threats to injure
the person or the property, business or
occupation of any person, firm, associa
tion or corporation through intimidation
or coercion: nor' to any acts causing or
intending to cause an illegal Interference
by overt acts with the rights of others,
and. to omit from the bill the following
words, 'nor shall such agreement, combi
nation or contract be considered as in re
straint of trade or commerce.' "
Berry of Arkansas argued that the
amendments proposed by the committee
would, destroy the purpose of the bill, the
object for which the labor ! organiza
tions were striving. They would, he said,
place it in the power of. the courts to de
cide that any act of the labor organiza
tions was an "overt act."
Fleming of Georgia, aaid that within ten
minutes Samuel Oompers, president of the
Federation of Labor, had stated that he
would prefer that the. bill should be, de
feated rather than pass with the amend
ments. The bill was defeated. 56 to 145.
The House then resumed consideration
of the sundry civil appropriation bill. The
pending question was a point of order
raised against an amendment offered by
Cowherd 'of Missouri to appropriate $30
000 for food and supplies for the natives
of;- Alaska. Hopkins, who was in the
chair, sustained the point of order.
Cannon, chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, made a general statement re
garding the status of the/ appropriations
for this session. He was led to make it,
he said, by remarks made \n the Senate.
He said the situation was quite bad
enough without exaggerating- it. Cannon
presented a detailed table showing the to
tal appropriation bills up to date* This
showed, a grand total of $634,118,595, omit
ting the $53,000,000 sinking fund. This
grand total is $26,255,209 below the esti
mates; which aggregated $720,374,804 exclu
sive of the sinking fund.
The detailed amounts .of .appropriation
bills was given as follows: Agriculture.
$4,488,900; army, $117^47,749; diplomatic and
consular, $1,808,806; -District of Columbia
J8.S64.049; fortification, $7,227,461; Indian'
$9,966,777: legislative, etc.. $24,506,107: mili
tary academy. •$772,653;. navy, $78,738,973
pensions, $145,243,230; postofflce, $123JS2 688
river and harbor, $22,602,711; sundry civil
$59.703 ,264/: v <V :<¦» . ' -¦*
Explaining the statement in detail. Can
non said: "The statement indicates an
apparent Increase of , appropriations at
this session over those made: at the last
session of $36,967,732. : : : ...
'* "Three of the regular annual appropria
tion-bills and the river -.and harbor bill
show substantial increases whichamount
to more than the whole apparent fncrease
namely: The army bill, $3,627,653; the navy
utll $13,598,057; the postofflce bill, $10 I'M -
450; the river and harbor bill, $?2,242,701— a
total of $49,492,871.- . . ;
: ;."The pending sundry civil '-bill makes a
reduction of $5,616,651. r On account of per
manent appropriations a reduction is ap
parent of $8.354.000. ; - •...: ./
"Under I the j funding of the public debt
provided for by i;i* legislation last ses
sion a reduction in: the -amount of the an
nual .Interest .charge has .been made -as
estimated for on account of the next fiscal
year of $9,400,000, as compared '¦ with the
amount carried .for the current year in "the
annual estimates for permanent appropri
ations. , * .-' " - . •
-."For -deficiencies, based upon' all esti
mates now before Congress, there la indi
cated a reduction', of- , at least = $2,500,000
which will practically offset. the increases
made by. all the other regular annual bills
which have not been mentioned." . .'
is not a question of what th« «„«,
flners or our beet raisers d^ire or r *J
ought to be. It is a question nur.i h!n H
law and fact. The Secretary of the ?££*
ury is sworn to enforce the Kw «I?
make laws. The late" decision « ?„ * t l n
liability of Russian sugar to Say a ?o,Vl e
tervalling duty is based on the Vow"
ment's apprehension of the law ami r.r
the facts. The Board of General AP*pYata
ers is a body constituted T>y Corurre^a »="
peclally to hear and judicially detcrmta^
disputed cuestlons of law and of fart
growing out of the administration of cus
toms laws. Our own citizens take their
grievances there; the Importers of R - U3
a*an sugar may take their grievances
h«rt;-.T? e «i W -? y * ls open for the Prompt
hearing and determination of their ap-
P f^' i f m ,1 de - Jt lies 1 to ™ to con
sent by silence or to seek a Judicial re
view through the avenue that our laws
provide.
DEFENDS RUSSIA'S ACTION.
Embassador Cassini Speaks of the
Maximum Bates Imposed.
WASHINGTON. Feb. lS.-Count Cas
pinl. the Russian Embassador. made the
following etatement concerning the pres
ent Russian tariff situation:
"Russia does not want nor has she any
intention of engaging in a tariff war wlfh
the United States. The application of
maximum rates to American cast-tron and
steel manufactures, machinery and toola
was not dictated by any desire to embark
upon a policy of vengeance because of ths
decision of the Secretary of the Treasut y
to collect the countervailing duty on Rus
sian sugar. As I have said, Russia's feel
ings for tho United States are, as they
have always been, of the most cordial
character.
"I am sure that my Government and tho
Russian people regret deeply that it wai
necessary to Impose the maximum rates
American goods are highly appreciated
In Russia, not only because of their
cheapness, but because of their superior
quality, and besides they come from a
land In which w© have a most friendly
interest. Yet It was impossible for my
Government to do other than it has done.
Our commercial interests- demanded pro
tection.
"Russia has always strongly desired to
Increase her commerce with the United
States and It has given us pleasure to
witness its growth. Consequently, we re
gret the more deeply that anything should
have occurred to hamper Its development.
So I am confident that the action take**
In applying maximum rates to certain
American imports has no reference what
ever to Russia's historical attitude of
friendship for the United States and 't
will continue to be our policy to malntala
th« cordial relations which exist."
THINK BUSSIA WELL WIN.
Britons Seem to Favor Stand Taken
by Czar's Government.
LONDON. Feb. 1?.— There is consider
able Interest here In the outcome of the
tariff differences between the United
States and Russia. The advocntes of a
change in the British fiscal system hop*
to find In them some support of their con
tentions that retaliatory duties ought to
be imposed on countries taxlner British
products. The St. James Gazette says:
"Some Americans, including Secretary
Gafce. appear to think the United States
has the monopoly of the protection policy,
but they have been, sharply reminded- by
Russia that two can play at the tramp, of
hostile tariffs. A3 .the import ot Russian
suger Is a trlile compared with the ex
ports to Russia, the present game of re
taliation is one in which Russia holds tho
best cards. Therefore she will win most
of the tricks."
United States Likely to Lose Some Good Markets if
the General Appraisers Sustain the Counter
vailing Duty on Sugar From the Czar's Domain
. : ¦ ¦ .- LlI ...
HOUSE PASSES
EXPOSITION BILL
Opposition Hopelessly in th«
Minority and the Strug
gle Brief.
Bill to Define the Word Conspiracy
in tlie Anti-Trust* Measure Is
Beaten After a Brief
. , /" : ,' ; Debate. . . '
GERMAN AND BRITISH EXPORTERS
WOULD PROFIT BY A TARIFF WAR
BETWEEN AMERICA AND RUSSIA
THE SAN FRAKCISUO 'CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1901.
This Government Views With Dismay; the \ Plan%f
the German Commander in Chief of the Allied
Troops—Chaffee Not to Participate in Movement
UNCLE SAM WILL NOT SUPPORT
VON WALDERSEE'S SCHEME FOR AN
OFFENSIVE CAMPAIGN IN CHINA
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Curs -the Grip' in .Two .Days •;'.:
Laxative . Bromo-QuinlneTremoves" the cause.*
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
. It is .the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
\vorld.
An torts of people use Peart* toap, an tort*
of stores tell it. especially dms^isti.
4^q£%. CANDY CATHAFmC. ««
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "lust as «oo<L "
To Cure a . Cold in One Day.' •
Take Laxative Dremo Quinine- Tablets. All
diuprltts refund the money, if. It falls to cure:
E. W. Orove'c sigvvUiT*/ J» 03 each box. ?3c •LEGISLATORS CAUGHT IN LIFELIKE AND CHARACTERISTIC ATTITUDES"
GOVEBNOR GAGE IN
BUNAWAY ACCIDENT
Executive's Carriage Is "Wrecked, but
He Escapes With a Severs
Shaking. vYL
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 18. — Governor
Gage had a fortunate escape from serious
injury this afternoon. The horses at
tached to the carriage in which he was
being driven to> the Capitol became,, un
manageable and started on a run up K
street. The carriage collided with a heavy
truck and was wrecked, but beyond a
severe shaking up the Governor was not
Injured. The frightened teajn was stopped
and Governor Gage reached his office la
another conveyance.
(his More Apportionment Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. IS.— Another apportionment
bill has been dumped into ths cauldron.
Ralston Is its author. 'It makes no change
In the Senatorial districts of the Cutter
bill, but in the Asembly districts there
are several modifications. Sacramento 13
given three Assemblymen Instead of two.
and the \ mountain district of Alpina,
Mono and Inyo.is not on Ralston's map.
He puts Alpine In with Amador and
Calaveras In the Twelfth District. Mono
he includes in the Twenty-seventh Dis
trict with Tuolumne. Marlposta and
Stanislaus. Inyo and Tulare compose th»
Twenty-eighth District.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. IS.— Carter to-day intro
duced a bill to replace the one fathered
by Attorney General Ford, which fell in
glorlously under the Governor's veto. The
object, as before. Is to give the Attorney
General an additional clerk, but this time
the b.111 Is properly codified. Its title pro
claiming it to be an amendment to section
475 of the Political Code.
Ford's Bill in Proper Form.
Some of the San Francisco members,
notably Hourlgan, Gullfoyle and Frank
lin, with Schlesinger to speak for them
and steer them right In a parliamentary
way. were the backbone of the opposition.
Brown of San Mateo, Johnson and Sutro
favored the bill as an aid to the detection
of crime and the recovery of stolen goods.
The vote was taken when there was a
small attendance, and a call of the house
was resorted to by friends of the measure
to obtain its passage.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb.' 18.— Muenter' s Senate bin
67, making It a misdemeanor for a pawn
broker to fail to present a register of his
pledges and purchases to an officer for
inspection or to refuse to exhibit to such
officer all articles received by him as
pledges or purchases was the subject of
an acrimonious contest In the Assembly
this afternoon. It was finally passed by a
vote of 50 to 23.
San 1 Francisco Assemblymen Opposs
" the Muenter Measure.
PAWNBROKERS BILL PASSES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 18.— The Committee on
Elections of the two branches of the Leg
islature held a Joint meeting to-night and
approved a primary election bill reported
to it by the sub-committee, consisting of
Senators Davis. Cutter and Devlin and
Assemblymen Macbeth, Carter and Sher
idan. It will be introduced in both houses
to-morrow as a committee bill and re
ported back to the Elections committees.
After the committees have whipped It into
shape Btlll further, substitute bills will
be Introduced and hurried to final pas
sage.
The bill agreed upon la based on the
Stratton law, with modifications In line
with the Supreme Court findings. It pro
vides for one primary election, all parties
to ballot on the same day, at the same
polling places, and to use the same ballot
boxes. Separate ballots are supplied to
each party, the ballot being distinguished
by its color. The test of party affiliation
is a declaration of Intention to support
the nominees of the party for the dele
gates to whose convention the elector Is
voting.
Parties that polled less than 3 per cent
of the total vote at the last general elec
tion are enabled to obtain an official bal
lot by petition. ¦€,'}*'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Assembly Committee on Education
recommends that Bauer withdraw his two
bills increasing the powers of county su
perintendents of schools, known ax the
Webster bills. His bill fixing the salaries
of deputy county superintendents in Sar>
Francisco at J3C00 is recommended for
passage.
The Assembly Corporations Committee
reports favorably upon the Tyrrell-Ruth
erford bill, compelling full payment of flr«
insurance policies when there is a total
loss.
The law Is to be made mandatory In all
cities containing more than 7500 popula
tion, and In order that there may be no
quibbling over population, those dti?3
are named In the act. Elsewhere the op
eration of the law Is optional. How that
option shall be exercised Is a problem yet
to be solved. As the bill is framed tenta
tively, that power Is vested In the boards
of Supervisors, but It probably will b«
changed by providing that a petition for
a primary election under the provisions
of the lav/, signed by a majority of th»
electors, will make It mandatory upon tho
Supervisor* to call such election.
The Assembly Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds decided this after
noon to report adversely on Assembly
bill 6S. appropriating J2C00 for the pur
chase of a strip of land containing a
spring, to add to the grounds of the Vet
erans' Home at Yountvllle.
ELECTIONS COMMITTEE AGREES
ON A NEW PRIMARY MEASURE
Will Renort the Bill to Both Houses and Later Make
Such Alterations as Mail Be Deemed Advisable-
WASHINGTON'. D. C. Feb. IS. 1901.—Gov
ernor H. T. Gage: The bill providing for the
purchase or condemnation of the Calaveras
Stquola prove, having been passed by the
fcVnate. Is opposed in the House, but perhaps
|-. can be passed with an amendment provid
es that an appropriation shall be available
irovlded California assumes the management
and expense of maintenance, and protection.
Is H, in your opinion, advisable and prac
ticable for the- Legislature to take early action
in the matter? THOMAS R. BARD.
"In view of the invwrtance to California
of the preservation of its splendid sequoia
forests -which command the admiration
of the world. I respectfully suggest that
your honorable body pass appropriate
resolutions instructing our Senators ami
requesting our Representatives at Wash
ington to assure Congress in the event of
.the passage of a bill making an appro
priation for the purchase or condemna
tion of the Calaveras sequoia grove that
the State of California will assume the
management and expense of Us main
tenance and protection." .
Senator Flint had received the foliow-
Ing telegram which, with the Governor's
message, was referred to the Committee
on Federal Relation!:
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.— Hon. Thomas Flint
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 18.— In both the Senate and
Assembly the preservation of the giant
redwoods of California formed an im
portant-part of the legislation to-day. In
the Assembly D. M. Delmas made a plea
for the preservation of the trees of the
Big Basin In Santa Cruz, and to both
houses the Governor, sent a message rec
ommending some action regarding co
operation with the Federal Government
In the preservation of the big trees ol
the Calaveras grove. The Governor's
message was as follows :
"I have the honor to inform your hon
orable body that I have this day received
the following telegram from United States
Senator Sard:
Cpecial Dispatch to The Call.
If an Invading army were to come- to tear
down this Capitol you would rush to the res
cue; you would take up arms to repel tho
Invaders. The enemy of the beauty and th*
¦north of the gern of California .is at your
dcor. Will you not stretch your protecting
hand over the most beautiful of the works of
God?
The Coliseum can be restored. The dome of
PL Peter'a might be destroyed and another
Michael -V5ir~!o might build it a*aln. But
ence let the woodman's ax be laid upon thesa
giants of the fcrest a_-.i1 you hare destroyed
God's handiwork, and God defies man to re
j,roduee It.
Lonir before the Coliseum was reared, lone
before the columns on the banks of th? Nlla
v ere pointed skyward these I trees were old.
When you stand tn thefr presence you fe*l
an awe that no cathedral, no dDme can In
spire. You feel thai you stand In the presence
cf the oldest of tbe living works o* the hand
of God.
At the request of the Sempervirens Club I
8i pear before you to advocate the preservation
of at least a fragment of these lorests of red
wood which are ir/llst-ncrus to California. I
represent po private Interests and expect no
Tee except that reward which comes of lendins
aic to achieve a noble purpose.
We appeal to your appreciation of ths ma
terial interests of the State, to your appre
ciation of your duty to future generations, to
your wisdom, to /your loyalty to California.
Shall these proves, finding no counterpart In
any portion of the world— shall they disappear
and b« blotted out forever?
The Senat? - and Assembly were both
fairly represented In the Assembly cham
ber this afternoon after adjournment to
hear D» M. Delmas' plea for the giant red
woods of the Big Basin. Many citizens
were present In the lobbies and the gal
lery. Mr. Delmas ¦ v, a* introduced by As
semblyman Schlesinj,er. He spoke effect
ively, ranging from an argument based
on economics to an impassioned plea for
the preservation of the most venerable*
living specimens of the handiwork of.
nature. Said he:
Jr. r Weuld the L^-glsIat'-ir* p»»» an act plea*-
Ick the. State ip care for the C&laveras Biff
Trees provided Congress authorizes their pttr
cl-aseT -Kindly answer. JULIUS KAHX.
GOVERNOR URGES ACTION
TO SAVE THE BIG TREES
Sends a Message to Both Houses and D. M.
Delmas Addresses the Assemblu.
WOODLAND/ Feb. 18.— The conference
between the Supervisors of Yolo and Sut
ter counties and ' the railroad con.pany
relative to 1 . the •.construction- of ,,a new
bridgo at Knights Landing was notalto
gether tatisractory. The company wants
to build a bridge that will cost about $90.
000. It will ma ke. it a combination I brldpo
on condition . that I each county; will agree
to pay $1000 a year rental, assume all re
sponsibility for accidents that may occur:
on-the wagon road, keep' the floor of the
bridge in good repair and pay.for the ser
vices of one watchman.', These terms In
dicate that the company prefers to-go- it'
Railway. Submits a Proposition.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACItA
MENTO, Feb. 18.— Two. of the three bills
pertaining to the Income o|- the State
university were passed by the Senate'to
day, but the third, providing that. ' begin
ning two Tearfe from now, the support of
the university shall be provided for In the
general appropriation bill, was referred
to a special committee composed of Sen
ators Devlin, Lukens.an* Smith- of Kern
for revision. , The committee has still to
report. ;••.•«*¦•.
vThe bill appropriating $20O.0OO and that
appropriating 150.000 more went .through
without trouble, but the form of -the third
one was objected to by Smith of Kern as
i an attempt to bind succeeding Legisla
tures to make biennial provision for tho
university." a thing he did not believe tills
Legislature has the power to do. 'He
wished i to have i the £ allowance : put In the
general appropriation bill at once. Short
ridgo opposed the bills on general princi
ples. ¦¦ The bill; was finally. referred to the
special;, committee -mentioned, to be;- so
amended as to make It merely a declara-
TWO STATE UNIVERSITY
BILLS PASS THE SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTQ. Fob. K.^Expea»e bill* for jun
ketinp trips «ame in during the morning
•option of the ABSc-mbly with a. frequency
to make the heed of an economical admln
lPtratlon dizzy. The total of those report
cd reaches almost J2-»0rt. and still there are
more of those (.xtravaganoes to follow.
The Committee on State Hospitals and
Arylum? sent Jn a bill for JS16 for a trip
to the Mendocino State Hospital. The
FiFh and Game Committee's Fleijrhinjr
party as fiissons cert the State X(X> 40. A
eub-eommtltee of the Ways and Means
Committee visited the Los Angplc^s State
Normal School, already visited by two
committees, and San I'edro to look over
t"he harbor in relation to a MM Introduced
for Junketing: purposes only, and for those
fcmices the State will pay $312. Th" FUb
"¦nmtrittee of the fit are Hospitals and Asy
1-aros Committee that -visits the Xapa
Ftate Hospital sent in .in expense bill of
t'22. and a trin io Arrows cost $173 80. The
mileage bill of the special committee to
lr.vestl*rate the San Francisco police scan
dnis is itti tn.
The Committee on Ccmrnorce and Navl-
Paticn has yet to report it* *>xpon3e bill
for its shameK:^ junket to San Pedro on
th* pretext of !nvcstif--ating the, need of
a I:oard of Harbor CommiKsloner*. The
fall rommltter went on this utterly -um
l*«=s trip. Its members knowing that tho
fclil had been Introduced through Ihc
achesjinjc of some of thrlr own number
ff$e]y that * hft Junket might be had.
Juder" Savapc. the erratic orator from
car. VcSro, who has been posing as an
MtWBKmVitwBBilMnmfifmmm turn iwihi w'wih nun
AVALANCHE OF EXPENSE BILLS
FOR COMMITTEE EXCURSIONS
Slnale Dau's Grist Aooreoates Two Thousand Dollars
and There Are Manu More in Sight.
rn<?my of the bill and parading his Inten
tions to go homo at his own expense to
rally the opponents of the measure, did
not hesitate to go ao- a substitute for
Chairman Urady on the committee, and
will draw down more than $100 In mileage.
He knew the bill was to be Introduced
ami could have defeated It. and the jun
keting trip as well, by a denunciation of
the scheme on the floor of the Assembly
but he chose the more pleasant method
of fighting In San Pedro at the Stato's ex
pense.
DECIDES UPON NIGHT SESSIONS.
Assembly Bssigns Itself to After-
Dinner Toil. .
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. 'Feb. 18.-Thc Assembly has at
last endeavored to tfve an earnest of its
Kw>d intentlor.s for the future by deciding
upon night sessions. By resolution ¦ re
torted tc-day by the Committee on Rules
and adopted by the Assembly the hours of
oally session will be from 9:30 to 12. from
_ to 4:C0 and from 7:30 to 10 o'clock. Night
tw-sions will fccjjin to-morrow night.
Oil motion of Treadwcll tho code re
vision "bills were made a special order for
to-morrow night. Webber and Feliz spoke
r''J«S!?» nt £ * gll L nst taking up these bills.
claiming that the task was gigantic and
that more Important legislation ¦ would b2
crowacd out completely.
*y?J\ c Sc ; nate wU1 h o»d a night session on
\\edne5-Jay to consider the reapportion-
Anti-Slavery Bills.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 18.— in th'e Assem-
bly this morning Knowland Introduced
his twp bills aimed at the traffic in Chi
nese slave girls.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 18.— The aftermath pf "the
contest of Ben P. Tabor for the seat: in
the Senate held by. Lardner appeared-to
day in a bill amounting to $:r.5 nr>. the ex
penses of the contest and\ attorneys' fees.
The allowances are as follows: W. B
Lardner. $303 S5: F. P. Tuttle. attorney.
$100; Charles A. Swisler, attorney, $100;
Ben P. Tabor,' *332: C. T. Jone3, attorney.
550, and El wood Bruner. $50. Jones and
Bruner were Tabor's attorneys, and Tut
tle and Swisler appeared forLardner.The
expenses allowed the principals are' : for
witness fees, mileage and transcription.
Cost of Election Contest.
Bills Passed by Assembly.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 18.— The follow
ing Senate bills were passed by. the As
sembly to-day:
Amendinz section 1238 of the Code of Civil
Procedure, extending the right of eminent do
main. .
Amending section S70 of the municipal gov
ernment act. ¦ .
Allowlns the claim of John S. Wilkins.
Appropriating Jll.OSO and Interest to pay the
claim of J. C. Daly.
Rerealinr /the act entitled "An act for the
creation of a commission for the promotion
of uniformity of legislation In the United
States, and to appropriate money for its ex
penses." . .
itpqulrlnB State nnd county officers to ke?p
a record of all public property in their pos
session. %
CAT,L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 18.— Senator Taylor has
filed a minority report from the Senate
Committee on Municipal Corporations .on
the Broughton franchise bill. In his re
port he recommends amendments strik
ing out tho clause permitting open Bidding
after the sealed bids have been opened;
the Insertion of a provision allowing city
councils to grant franchises without ad
vertising the same upon petition of. the
owners of two-thirls of the
along the route of the proposed fran
chise, and a third requiring a special
bond for the completion of the work guar
anteed. The first two had been voted
down by the committee before the bill
was recommended for passage.
Broughton Franchise Bill.
Senator Taylor Would Amend the
FILES A MINORITY REPORT.
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— Great surprise
was expressed In financial circles to-day
at the value placed upon the estate .of
the late OolllsT. Huntington by the ex
ecutors,' a3 Indicated by the payment of
the Inheritance tax. The announcement
that a- tax of $700,000 had been anticipated
was accepted as fixing the value of the
estate at $70,000,000. The Increase of
nearly $10,000,000, ' resulting from the
recent rise in the market price of South
ern I'aciflc securities, was accepted as
equally true. . -
While the tax paid Is credited upon the
books of tho. Controller as $700,000, the
check which was* - given by "Isaac T.
Gates for the executors amounted to
$663,000, there having been an allowance
of five per cent because of the payment
of the tax within six .months after the
death of | the testator. Controller Coler
to-day acknowledged the receipt of the
check.
Simon Strassberger and Delcour S.
Potter will act as attorneys ¦ for the
appraisers. Miller. Peckharn & King will
represent vthe executors. A final agree
ment as to the appraisement may not
be reached for many months.
It Is expected that a schedule may be
sent to the State Controller In about two
weeks, and with It will go a suggestion
from the surrogate as to who shall act as
appraiser. There are five collateral In
heritance tax appraisers in New Tork.
any one of whom may be chosen. They
are ¦ Robert Mazet. William Halpin.
Charles B. Page, William Wilson and
Clarence B. Lexow.
,'• The State has tho designation of the
appraiser. '• - ¦ -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Value Blaced on Huntington
Estate Larger Than
Was Expected
GREAT SURPRISE
TO CAPITALISTS
day of Premier Dunsmulr, chief owner of
the mines, he haa, been almost continu
ously at the mouth of the shaft or In the
company's office, personally Inspecting
the measures of relief being put into
force and occasionally making a sugges
tion to the foreman of the relief gang.
These will be the last bodies ¦ recovered,
but many Of those In the upper levels will
be -taken out to-morrow and "Wednesday,
and to be in readiness for the gruesome
work a number of hastily constructed
stretchers are ready at the pithead of No.
r>. ¦ An; coal -Is urgently- needed. ¦ a' small
force will be put to work • at. No. V the
largest-of the three mines, employing 500
men when running In two shifts.. >'
r Late this h afternoon.; the pumps 'began
working and It Is estimated that there Is
forty-eight hours K work ahead for them.
- Elnce the arrival at Cumberland yester
To-night the force of men is being In
creased and by to-morrow It is expected
that sufficient headway will have been
made to recover the first body. The min
ers in the nearest workings to No. 5, in
No. 6 were Munroe and Alclnnes, and it
is expected that the bodies of these men
will be the lirst of- the- sixty-four to bo
recovered. Seven or eight, including
Overman ' D. Walker and Robert Steele,
will not be recovered until ; the forty feet
of water in the bottom of No. 6 ia pumped
out. Walker had just. gone down in the
cage when the explosion' occurred, and
Steele had just signaled for the cage to
be drawn. up. The engineer ; at the. hoist
says he heard the bell ring once, the sig
nal to hoist a cage with coal, and : then
within a few seconds the -, explosion > oc
curred. Steele would have: been right at
the cage.. The other five or six in : the
lowel level were Chinese. ¦ - Some i believe
that the signal given may have been the
first of three bells, the signal to hoist* the
cage with, men. Foreman. Snedden ; was
believed to have been about to "come up
.then with his tools,- he having gone down
*to get them in order to leave for Nanaima
to v bury his child, which had died there.
The Call correspondent accompanied the
working party down No. 5 to-night and
went with it to the face where the fire
damp Is encountered. More than a thou
sand yards was traveled until the single
passage was reached, where, to make a
midwall giving a vent to tnc level, the
boards are being nailed up to extend the
brattices. Wooden mallets ate. used as
an extra precaution, in the fear that a
metai hammer might cause a spark, the
contact of which with gas would cause
another explosion. The work Is Blow, for
many stoppages have to be made to pre
vent leakages of the air current.
CUMBERLAND. B. C. Feb. IS.— The
work of the volunteers in No.' 5 mine has
been carried on bo successfully that now
the miners are in about 400 yards and
within seventy yards of where they ex
pect to find the first body out of the sixty
four who perished in the mine disaster
of last Friday. The work is' necessarily
slow, for It Is a constant light to force
the firedamp and gas back and carry the
air along by extending the brattices with
which they are making a midwall. Along
one side of this partition the air Is forced,
and, after being driven against the face
of the firedamp, it returns toward the
miners and back to the shaft.
Special Dl?patch to The Call.
Are Nearing the Bodies of
tha Cumberland Mine
. Victim 3.
RESCUERS MAKE
SLOW PROGRESS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. IS.— The bill appro
priating $100,000 to be used In sup
pressing and preventing contag
ious diseases in this State was
passed by the Senate to-day. It is an As
sembly bill,. so its passage by the Senate
la the final act of the Legislature upon It.
It will go to the Governor to-morrow and
will be signed within the week.
It was the programme of the friends of
the measure to say nothing either In its
favor or to combat any arguments that
might be made against it, but when the
opposition began to talk they joined in
v.hat proved to be nearly two hours of
brought "Wolfe to his feet with a
speech, in which he said that should Gov
ernor Gage come before the people at the
next election he would need no other plat
form to stand on than the fact that he
had caused the passage of the bill under
consideration. The vote was 25 to 9, as
follows:
Ayes— Bettman. Burnett. Caldwell. Corl»tt.
Currier, Cutter, Darts, Devlin, Hoey, Laird,
Ltavitt, Lukens, Haggard, Muenter, NelsQn,
Or.eal, Selvage. Shortridge, Simpson, Smith
of Kern. Smith of Los Angeles, Tyrrell of
Nevada. Tyrrell- of San Francisco, Welsh and
Wolfe— 25.
Noes — Ashe. Belshaw, Flint, Green well,
I.uchsinger, Plunkett, Rowell, Sims and Tav
kr-9.
Absent — Byrnes, Curtin. Goad, Lardner, Nutt
and Pace — 6.
Smith of Kern tried to have another
postponement of a week, but > his motion
was lost. Smith said he would vote for
the bill because he believed there was
contagious disease in the State. He had
consulted his constituents and ascertained
that they would approve such a vote.
•Ashe opposed the measure, saying, as
he did so, that to pa?s the bill was to dig
the political grave of the Governor and
the. Republican party,«a. declaration which
arguments, good, bad and indifferent.
Those who opposed the measure were
Rowell. Sims. Ashe, Belshaw and Taylor.
Belshaw tried to amend by striking out a
few words that, to him, seemed- to give
the State power to establish a separate
quarantine service. Ills amendment was
tabled.
Onlu Nine Votes Are Recorded Against the Measure
and It Now Awaits the Governor's Signature;
GAGE'S HUNDRED-THOUSAND-DOLLAR
HEALTH BILL PASSES THE SENATE
Chairman Broughton of the Corpora
tions Committee was absent from the As
sembly chamber, being confined to his
room by an attack of the mumps. Alden
Anderson was not present at the commit
tee meeting when the telephone bill was
considered, and Schleslnirer enters the
same plea. No member of the Corpora
tions Committee was present this morn
ing who cculd explain the meaning of the
amendments.
"Colonel" Brady insists that he had no
hand In the framing of the amendments:
that they were reported by the Committee
on Corporations without his knowledge,
and that he was dumfoundVd this morn
ing when they were read. It is certainly
true that he was speechless, and that th--»
Assemblymen who usually make hi6
speeches for him were suspiciously reluct
ant to have a say in the matter.
2 per cent of the gross receipts was strick
en out by the amendment, and a clause
inserted providing for the payment to the
State annually of a lifmp sum of $5000, "ui
lieu of all State, countv and municipal
franchise or license taxes. ' Section 5,
providing for the forfeiture -of certificates
of authority to do business in case of fail
ure to file affidavits setting forth that
the amount paid into the State treasurv
is 2 per cent of the gross receipts, was
also to be stficlcen out.
These amendments were promptly de
feated, the Assembly being in no temper
to further the career of cinch legislation
by the insertion of amendments that
would leave the bill mainly meaningless
and for the rest vicious. The bill goes to
third reading In its original form.
The second amendment to which objec
tion was made was still more obviously
drawn in the Interests of the telephone
companies. The provision relating to the
The original bill provided that a tele
phone company doing business other than
Interstate must procure a certicate of au
thority from the Secretary of State; must
maintain its principal office within the
State, and keep proper books of account
open to the inspection, of the Controller
or Secretary of State, and must pay to
the State lor the privileges it enjoys a
sum equal to 2 per cent of its gross re
ceipts.
The first objectionable amendment was
one' striking out the portion of section 2
by which the keeping of books to be In
spected by the Controller or Secretary of
State is made mandatory. It was passed
without Brady rising to the emergency
by any attempt to save an essential fea
ture of his bill. I>ater a motion by Melick
to reconsider the amendment was de
feated.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. lS.-Brady's telephone bill
came tip In the Assembly on second reaJ-
Jr.g this morning-, and attached to it were
amendments reported by the Committee
on Corporations, which are more sus
picious than the original bill. "Colonel"'
Brady sat in his seat and would have let
The amendments be adopted, but Johnson
£.nd others interposed with vigorous ob
jections and the amendments were de
feated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Corporations Committee's Changes Are Promptlu De
feated on the Floor of the Assembly.
SOME PECULIAR AMENDMENTS
TO BRADY'S TELEPHONE BILL
Th<? first plan is to ta'ke the cornmittet
-ubctitute bitl* and, under special order,
i u>h them through both- houses and to
Lbe Governor without amendment or dis-
There are many members of the Legis
lature- v.ho would wish to amend any on*
of a thousand sections in any one of a
hundred oiSOrent nays. They would be
nskeo to take shr» bills as thc>- are and
thon to submit whnt amendments th^y
please in the form of bills amending the
codes; They, after passing both house;--,
v.ould be pigr.ed by the Governor and bv-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. !«.— While both houses of
the Legislature are postponing the enn-
cf the code revision bills with
a willingness and regularity that augurs
ill for their passage there is an under
current of feeling in .-idmir.istration circles
:hat f=c:r.ethirg raoic: than to merely ln
iroduce a few bills upon the subject and
let them die should be done with the re
port of the Code Cammission. The com
mission has been working for six years
ind the results of its labors are contained
n a voluminous report; but unless the
ilans of the aunjinifeuation go wrong the
la which embody the recommendations
»f the report will die on the rile and th<?
; ;x ytars' work wiil go for nothing. To
purd against suiii a conclusion two
¦ themes are bein* hatched, one some
fth.it complicated «iVi requiring the pro
gramming of both houses, the other sim
ple am] vitv much in the nature of a rtli-
TWO PLANS FOR THE DISPOSAL
OF THE CODE REVISION MEASURES
One Continues the Commission Two Years and the
Other Calls for Final Action This Session. '
come amendments to the new bills just
previously adopted. Then the Code Com
mission would be continued for two years
more to classify these amendments and
to revise the codes once more after their
introduction. By the next session of the
Legislature the new codes could be in full
force and if any amendments would then
be necessary a very few bills would be
sufficient to make ?hem.
The other plan is to force the consider
ation of the code bills to the exclusion of
other important legislation and then to
remain a few days over time on such
matters as the gentral appropriation bid
and reapportionment. Few outside tho
lawyers of the -Legislature would stay
overtime on the code bills without a pe'r
•iicm. but there are few who would not
stay to see their counties put into good
Republican districts by a favorable bill
on apportionment, or their State institu
tions properly supplied with funds. A
quorum might not na:ig over for code re
vision, but it would for apportionment o v
the general appropriation bill and so tho
plan is to leave for the last the two bills
more likely to hold the members.
There are now three revised codes be
fore the Legislature— the Code of Civil
Procedure, the Civil Code and the Penal
Code, the latter of trhich went in to-day.
The first plan, or a modification of it.
probably will be adopted as soon as the
last code, the Political Code, shall, have
come In, and then i7. one or two night
sessions the four Dulky measures can be
hurried to the Governor, with a lot of
lesser amendments, like the tail of a
comet, trailing after.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Ayec Aehe. Caldwel!, IVvlln. Lardner, Mufn
tpr." S«>Ivai?<?. Pimpeon. Smith of Ken, Taylor,
Tyrrell of Nevada and Davis— 11.
Wolfe. Shortridge. Oneal. Curtin and
T,ukens declined to vote, and Cutter and
Natt were absent.
and these gentlemen representing various
interests of San Francisco: Isaac Ipnam
of the Board of Trade. Robert Swayne of
the Shipowners' Association. J. L.. Howell
of the real estate men. W.ikefield Baker
of the Chamber of Commerce, \\. W.
Roussell of the dairy produce men. F. A.
Van Sicklen of the Produce Exchange
and P'rank J. Symmes of the Merchants'
Association.
The bill was discussed adversely. by
Wolfe and Shortridse. and was supported
by Harney and Holmes and the members
of thr committee. Finally en Caldwell's
motion that the measures (for there are
several of them, among them a constitu
tional amendment) be reported back fa
vorably, the <it bat«» was closed and the
roll was called. The vote was as fol
lows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAT. I. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO Feb. 1«.— The hand of th» South
ern Pacific against the lease of China
Basin vaa shown in the Senate Judiciary
Committee to-day. It is a significant fact
that fcur Republican Senators who are
suppofed to take orders from the South
em Pacific declined to speak or vote in
favor of ratifying the lease. When the
roll was called. Wolfe. Shortridge, Oneal
and Luker.s were silent. If persistent ru
mor may be credited, the silence was not
cf the nature that gives assent, but was
of tie character that threatens opposl
tior.. The attitude of members of the Leg
islature on this subject well be closely
studied by the public.
The committee, however, recommended
for passage the bills Indorsed by the
State Board of Harbor Commissioners.
1 There were in attendance at the moet-
Ir.s Major r\ J. Ilarney of the Harbor
Commission. W. D. English, its secre
tary, and Howard 'Holmes, its engineer.
Southern Pacific Against Bills Indorsed bu
Harbor Commissioners.
FOUR MEMBERS REFUSE
TO RECORD THEIR VOTES
SENATE COMMITTEE APPROVES LEASE OF CHINA BASIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY 1 , FEBRUARY 19; .7.1 901.
3
I Is a satisfying substitute f^
I * for coffee and tea. ' f BEST
I Delicate, delicious flavor, f *-•!
I Fragrant, appetizing I H^fi2/Kluy«/VjL/|
I aroma. \ /< ArrFF /
I Take a cup of Figprune \ r rEi V
I and a cup of any other
I cereal coffee. One sip of '
I each will clearly demonstrate just why
1 Figpmne has so quickly
I A °/^< found favor:
¦jir/' B /o Free samples at your
B Frilit 1 g rocers - Ask for one.
9a j/& &/ ¦¦'- § • Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only.
|\ TTO'/b / . ALL GROCERS SELL,
1 \j? rain i^ Figprune Cereal.: NEW? ORLEANS, Feb. 18.— Results:. •.
One mile — Eda . Riley won. Cape . Jessamine
second, Xovelty. third. -Time, 1:44. -. ';-..
Six furlongs. Belling— Sir . Christopher won.
Weldcmann second, Goodale third.- Time
1:13%. -. ¦.-•'¦.:/¦' ,' ;•- % '
• One mile — Eva Rice tvon, Sir Florlan sec
ond. Cogswell third. vTime,- 1:43',4. • - ';, ,
One and a eighth miles-— Kcnova won, i Egyp
tian Prince eo-*-ond. Barilla third. Time l-57>ii
S«»ven furlon-fB. • eelllnf?— Taeker won, - Juan
ettn iwennd. Censor third. 'Tim---; 1:30. ' >:„ '
¦ fiix furlonjrs, • FflllinB— Mordelmo -won, KInt
Elk wood second, Diggs third. Time, 1:16. - *
Results at New Orleans.
. OAKLAND, Feb. 18.— Reliance Club
members and' others who take an interest
In athletics anticipate an evening of. rare
sport when the club's boxing bouts are
pulled off to-morrow night. -The postpone
ment of .the 'affair : from last : week has
permitted all the participants ' to place
themselves in perfect condition* for the
contests. The main event of ; tha -evening
is expected, to be the fifteen-round go be
tween'Tommy Cox 'and Tom Herman.
Ihey are to weigh not more than' 124
pounds at the ringside. Both men are re
garded .*- by their admirers as high . class
featherweights. • -. - - •» *
George Ciirrnn and Tom Woods of the
122-pound division- are scheduled to go ten
rounds.. .They, are • both very : aggressive,"
and it i» believed the. contest will 'be de
cided before the limit is reached. .-¦ . ; .
In the 120-pound -class* Bobby Martin,
who beat "Joe Sullivan at-the last/club en
tertarrirrcnt." will meet Charles Akcr, who
is one of the bost boys in his class. ¦
Matches Before Members and
• . Friends. ,
Six High-Class M:n ¦ to Appsar in
BOXING CONTESTS •
. AT RELIANCE CLUB
McGOVERN PBEFEBS
FIGHTING TO ACTING
KANSAS CITY. Feb: IS.— Terry McGov
ern. at present the central figure In "The
Bowery After Dark,'* is disgusted with
the stage and will "tread the boards" for
the last time 'on April, 6. Although his
theatrical tour has boon a pronounced the
ctrical success, he would rather box than
attempt, to act. Manager Sam Harris said
to-day:
"Terry will finish ur» the season on April
6 in Brooklyn. On Monday, April S we
ptart for San Francisco, where Terry
fights Tim Hegarty before the Twentieth
Century Athletic Club on April 28. Heg
arty has agreed to meet Terry and this
clinches the match. Terry Is through with
tho stage forever after April 6. He is dis
gusled with acting, and I have decided
not to make an actor of him again. In the
future he will devote all his time to fight-
Ing The chances are I will take Terry
o England in September to fight Jordan
ir a suitable purs*e can be Recurod."
Harris fays McGovern is worth $50,000.
JRscqaet Tournament.
NEW )OR7y. Feb. lS.-The first two of
the preliminary jounds of the annual
amateur -racquet championship of Amer
.ca took place to-day. George C. Ciark
of \h* & ? e £ e<1 ! e( * Ford Huntington
of the home club three straight pames
JnrV'Tr'if m S tch i> ro W together Clarl
S-E? »• Mackay of th^f city and W R
Millar of Montreal.- Mackay won the first
KUae More tho Canadian had time 8
settle down. Millar won the next game
which was wellfouglit. Mackay won the
next two fames easily. ' n lne
Jackson and Dobbs Meet.
MEMPHIS. Feb. is.-Bohby Dobbs of
Memphis and Younc Peter Jackson > of
California fought twenty rounds to a
draw before a large crowd before th>
Phoenix Athletic Club to-night. -In th£
last round Dobbs rushed his man and
floored him twice, but Jackson was Sj
and full of fight at the finish. - p
It was getting pretty warm for the
plunger In the vicinity of the table. As
he backed away he exposed the handle of
his pistol. Lamothe grabbed tho weapon
and handed it over the bar. The Pinker
tons were inclined to make light of the
incident when seen later.
"Yes, I did." he said, "and I'll tell you
why. I rhased you away because it is
part of my duty to protect racing on the
Jockey Club tracks from such rats as you
I chased you away because you tried to
corrupt owners and jockeys, and did cor
rupt Fome of them. I chased you away
because you were caught with the goods
on."
Pinkerton did not leave his chair, but
faced the threatening plunger unflinch
ingly.
The big French Canadian, who has-been
threatening at a safe distance to get even
with Bob Pinkerton. approached the table
and opened a torrent of abuse, meanwhile
fondling a pistol he had in the right-hand
pocket of his sack coat. The Pinkertons
were on the alert, but unarmed.
'•You had me ruled off down East, didn't
you?'| ba - d l'Hommedieu, preparing to
draw;
NEW* ORLEANS, Feb. IS.— Steve
l'Hammedieu, the plunger, met Robert
A. Pinkerton, Eastern manager of Pink
erton's detective agency,- in Lamothe's
restaurant this morning and was prevent
ed from ?ettling a grudge, with him only
hy the timely interference of Frank La
mothe and the fact that his pistol caught
In the flap of his coat pocket as "he was
attemptlnK to draw it.
.L'Hommedieu holds Robert Pinkerton
responsible for having been excluded from
the racetrack under the control of the
Jockey Club, and he thinks William A.
Pinkerton instigated his expulsion from
Washington Park last summer. That wa3
the grievance rankling in hjs bosom when
he entered Lamothe's this morning and
found the Pinkerton brothers at break
fast.
Special DlFpatch to The Call.
Steve rHommedieu Attacks
the Detictive in a
Restaurant
PLUNGER WOULD
KILL PINKERTON
PORT TOWNSEND, Feb. IS.— The
steamer Farallon, arriving- from the north
to-day, brings word that Southeast Alas
ka is again being swept by severe wind
and snow storms, and that on February 13
the Yukon and White Pass Railroad was
blockaded. Twenty-five feet of snow on
the trail is recorded at White Horse, while
at -Ekaguajr it was six feet deep. The
present winter in Alaska is said to be the
severest ever known since American oc
cupation, more than thirty years aco.
Alaska's Severe Winter.
Oakland Selections.
First race— Billy Lyons. Blanche Sheppard,
Ma se1<? Mitchell.
Second race— Vasallo, Louwelsea, Maraschino.
Third race— Eldred. Merida, El Topio.
Fourth race— Pat Morrlssey, Uarda, Kickum
bob. , .
Fifth race— Joe Rlpley, Good Hope, Scally
wag. .
Sixth race — Torsina, Tiburon, Boundlee. • :
Sixth race— Six furlongs; four- year-olds and
upward; selling:
1797 Tiburon -'107 1855 Scotch Plaid.'. ,'.;107
1S09 Torslna 105 1837 Jerld *..... 110
1703 Gusto -107 1857 Peace 103
17S0 Koundlee ......;.1O4 • . , .-
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; purse:
1S54 Good Hope 108 1817'Evirato 110
1457 Louise Hooker. ..1^3 1S05 Joe Ripley...:...10S
1S32 Duckoy 110 1S17 Urchin liu
1843 Scallawag 97 18!8 Katie Gibbons. .108
Fourth race— One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and upward; sellin-r:
1S2S Litmus 91 1813 Norford ....¦."..'..113
1S5(5 Phil Archibald.. 97 18C2 Klckumbob 106
1S17 Uarda 113 1809 Pat Morrissey...lll
Third race — Six furlongs; three-year-old»;
purse:
1804 El Karn 103 ( 1499 Sam Dannenbm.lll
IMS Free Pass... .....109 1816 Rathgar -....109
15S9Cue 114 11S04 Alpha Lee 97
1R43 El TopiO..-. 112J1838 MfTida 107
1774 Eldred 97ilS54 Swiftwater ......109
Follovring are the entries at Oakland
track:
First race— Six furlongs; three- year-olds and
upward; purse:
1632 Billy Lyons. 99' Maxgie Mitchell. 112
1S64 Blnch Sheppard.100 1792 Spindle 99
1538 Del Rio....*. 114 1127 Champion Rose.. 103
1840 Senalor Matts...lll l«04 Pegalong ........ 99
1S14 Hilary 121 1S29 Follow Me 99
Second race — Three and - a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; selling:
Isar 109 ISIS Presten* .....¦.¦.100
1818 Sister Abbie 105 1685 Louwelsea 107
Well 105 1S41 aiiss Brentwood.100
.... Tabua -105 1S06 Post Bell. ...... ..105
1865 Maraschino 108 1S41 Vasallo 105
1S41 Monastic 103 '
Oakland Entries.
1SOO. SIXTH RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; Belling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$coo.
Irrlex. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H- %•. Fin.
J573 A. Dough* ty, 4. 107.Dom 2 15 14 14
1S-33 Ha-s-erdon. 4. lfO.Mounce 3 2 1 2 2 2 5
ms« The ButTn, 4, lOy.Ranch 4 4 M 3 1 3 4
17:,t5 Modwrna, 5, 112.Macklln 1 3 1 ¦ 4 H 4 2
UM5)Allev!ate, 6. HL.Howfll 8 7 6 5 1
1761 Satan, 4, 109 Weir 7 B'i Eh 6 2
1550 H. Thatcher. 4. 109.Devn 6 6 1 7 7 1
3S03 Del Vista. 4, 107.McBrlde-5 8 8 8 10
lt>54 Spry Lark, a, lll.Logue 9 9 9 9 20
17a9 Abhy'lx L. 4, 107.Tamplnll 10 10 10 10
.... Scotch, 4, -109 TurnerlO-.ll 11 11.
Time— 3-16. :18*i: 7-16, :43"*: CUf, 1:10%. Good
start. -Won easily. Second and third driving;.
Winner, F. Phillips' ch. m. by Riley-Mlss
Murphy. Mounce on Haserdon waited too long
beforf* trying to catch Alice. Alleviate can do
better on ' a fast track. Scratched— Mountain
Dew 111. I Don't Know 113, Tizona 109. .
Betting— Alice Dougherty. 3: Hag-erdon. 8-5;
The Buffoon, 10; Modwena," 15; Alleviate, 3;
f-itan 100; Harry Thatcher, 100; Del Vista, CO;
Spry Lark, 50; Abbylelx L, SO; Scotch, 12.
fJSGS. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-'
year-plds and up; purse, $400.
Irdex, Horse. Wt.' Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
1S43 Lennep, 6, 110.. .Mounce 2 3 5 11 IS
«S20)Fr'k Bell, 6. 112..Howell 111 22 24
1M2 Sad Sam, 6. 102..Domnk 3 2 2 3 4 3 8
lg*3 Gibraltar. 6, 115.. Turner 4 4 4 4
Time— 'i. :24*i; H. "O; ?*. UV&U Good start.
Won easilv. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Fred Foster's b. m. by Imp. Candlemas-
Wantcn. Lennep won ,in three blR splashes
and a smile. Bell did his beet. For the flrHt
time Sad Sam ran out at the head ot the
stretch. Gibraltar sulked from the call of.
time. Scratched— Sly 110.
Betting— Lennep, 11-10; Frank Bell, 3; Sad
£cm. 13-'j; Gibraltar, 9.'
1807. FOURTH RACE— One mile; handicap;
three-year-oHs and up; purse. f509.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. Str. Fin.
1*.'.7 Mae- Davii-, 5. lOS.Domk 2 12 11 1 >j
177S Quiz II. 3. 93 Stuart 4 3 n 2.2. 2 4
1842 Don LulS. a. Po.Materne 3.2"^ 46 3 Vj
1S28 Ring'mstr, a. So.Fauntly 5 5 3 2 4 6
1S31 My Gypsy, 4, 95.Ransch 14 1 5 5
Time— M, :I6: \i. :51; %. 1:17U: mile. 1:45".;.
Good start. Won first three driving-. Winner..
W M. Sloan's b. m. by Sayre-Uzzle,C Quli
plainly the best, but Dominick put it all over
Stuart. Don Luis ran a fair race. Ringmas
ter ought to quit 'the show business for a
v.'hile. He can't crack the whip uny more.
Gypsy ran poorly. Scratched— St. Rica S7.'
Hotting— MaRKle Davis, 1; Quiz II, 8; Don
Luis, 20; Ringmaster, S; My Gypsy, 2.- ~
J.-SfSO. THIRD RACE— Mile and an eighth;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $100.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. *£ Str. Fin.
l?09 El Mido, 5, IDS. Dominick 1 1 n m 1!
(1S31- Sunello 4. 106..Materne 4 2 6 2 4*22
(1S42)R. Shannon. 4. 10* Kelly 2 4 33 3 6
1S44 J. McCleevy, 5, 104. Weir 3 3 *£ 4 4
Time----). :15U; ¦*. :23?i; ¦¦*. :51%; ?i, l:lS*i;
mile, itU; lKm, 1:59!*. Good start. Won clev
erly. Second and third driving-. Winner,
Doble & Co.'s b. g. by imp. Sir Modred-Kthel.
Winner best. Rio Shannon fell- out of it the
first part. He also went the overland route.
Scratched— Bangor 112.
Bettinp— El Mido, 1: Sunello, 9-5; Rio Shan
non, i; J. McCleevy, 60. . .
Time— 1 ;, :23; M, :hL Good Btart. Won
easily. Second and third drlvlnp. Winner, J.
W. O'Neal & Co.'s ch. c. by Donald A-Mls
eouri. The Doctor was easily best. Botany
tired first part. Kelly on Maraschino threw
the cell'*- head away in the stretch, allowing
lum to run out. Atterbury ran his races in
false breakaways, of which there were many.
Kstado refused to break at the post. Scratched
— Jarretierre d'Or 113, Teddy Marks 113.
Bcttlnq— Dr Scharff. 2; Pepper Sauce, 4;
Maraschino, 4; Gler.denninpr. 50; Botany. 10;
Killdoe, SO; Marelio, 50; Estado, 7-2; Fred At
terbury, 1"; Warder; coupled with Botany.
18R5. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purse, J400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. ?i. Str. Fin.
1794 Dr. Scharff, 118... Howell 2 2 4 ... 13
1S41 Pep. Sauce, 10S.. Mounce 6 4 1 ... 2 ns
1S11 Maraschino. 10S Kelly 3 3 h ... 3 %
GlendenninK, 115...Lo*"""ue 5 5 2 ...4 1
1S30 Botany. 110. ....Dominick 111 ... 6 2
1S30 Killdoe, US Dreyfus 4 7 4 ... 6 2
ISIS Marelio. 113 L.. Daly 9 fr3 ... 7 6
ISU Estado. 113 Turner 8 6 5 ... 8 15
1S41 F'd Atterbury, 106.Devin 7 9 4 ... .9 15
....Warder, 110 SheehanlO 10 ... 10
sloppy.
1SO4. FIRST RACE— Five and a • half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
KC0. . •
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. SL \<s. Str- Fin.
1C42 Spike, 4, 109 $tuart 5 3 2 . I Vt 13
lr>18 Mainstay, a, 116...Devin 3 2 2 3 4 2 ns
1832 Gold Haron, 5. HS.Domk 1 12 2 Vz 3 5
Ifi47 MeAIbert, 6, 113.. Woods 2 4 1 4 2 4 3
1817 Red' pt ion. 5, 113. Romero 8 7 5 5 3 5 4
1T5S B. * Shepp-d. 4, lftT.Brodnll 6 2 6 2 6 1
Newsf-at h'r. a, 113.Mncel2 S 1 7 1 7 2
K64 Pidalia. 4, 107...Frawley 6 5^81 S3
1527 Leipzig. 4, 109....Howelll0 9 9 3 !* 3
1146 Pon-jo. 6. 113 Collins 9 10 10 2 10 o
1S21 Aurora B. a. 113.Dingley 4 11 11 11 lo
3721 KulaJ-i, 5. 113.. .Hennessy 7 12 12 ' 12
1728 Better B, 5. 116. Miranda • ...
Time-3-16. :1S; 7-16, :44; WiU lill 1 *. Good
start. Won cleverly. Second Rnd third driv
ing:. Winner, C. W. Chappell's ch. p. by
Prince Royal-Sallle McAllister. Gold Baron
quit as usual and Spike easily outfooted Main
stay home. Blanche Sheppard weakly ridden.
Newssatheror had worked well. *Ran away.
Scratched— First Shot 109. William F 1C9.
Betting— Spike 3; Mainstay, 15; Gold Baron,
7-2; MeAIbert 12; Redemption, 30; Blanche
Sheppard, 15; Newsgatherer; 3; Pidalia, 30;
Leipzig, 8; Pongo, 60; Aurora J3, 15; Kulah.
30; Better B, 200.
CALL'S RACING FORM. CHART
OAKLAND RACETRACK - Monday,
Feb. 18, 1901.— Weather rainy. Track
A STEADY downpour of rain, a
heavy, sloppt track and a favorite
debauch were what .& fair
crowd got for entrance money .at
Tanforan yesterday. For the first
time in some clays the' Jockeys came out
In dun-colored breeches and the way the
mud caked every part of their bodies put
a premium on shower baths.
One favorite after another was under
mined and left to straggle in through the
mud.. All sorts of good prices were post
ed on the boards and the lucky pickers—
who were few— harvested what the wet
brought.
The fourth race, a three-cornered spe
cial between Kenilworth, Articulate am?
Rolling Boer, over five furlongs, was the
attraction on the card. Burns piloted
Kenilworth, O'Connor 'Articulate* and
Henry was astride the Boer: As it hap
pened, Kenilworth took the money and
for a time silenced all the blatant talk
about »Vrticulatc's great mud-going pro
pensities. The best price on ¦ Lopez's
horse was 6 to 5, Kenilworth Belling at 8
to 5 and the Boer at 4 to 1. Burns got
away I at the start and held his lead
throughout the race. Into the stretch the
three fie*tfooted horses splashed. In the
same order as they appeared on the slates
— Kepllworth, Articulate and the Boer.
Then the race really began, Burns driving
hard and O'Connor working: his horse for
all he was worth, but Kenilworth's lead
was too great to be overcome. I Articulate
cut down the separating distance foot by
foot and probably would "have won out,
had It been a seven-eighths race. Kenil
worth passed .under the wire a length
ahead 6f 'Articulate.
Matt Hogan, with See up, made tho
High Hoe and Nellie Forest look like sell
ing platers'. In the first race of the day
over six furlongs. Matt Hogan was by
no means a favorite, yet he grappled the
first money.
Then came Phoenician, 10 to 1, who cap
.tured the purse, and Pupil and Theory,
second and third, both far from the odds
on favorite in the betting. * Again tho
bookies showed th<vbroad grin.
Cunard. 2 to 1, with O'Connor in the sad
dle, beat out Sol Lichtenstein and Sister
Jeanie in the four furlong Nursery
stakes. The Sister and Sol had a close
race for the place, but Sol won that po
sition.
.Royal Prize, 12 to 1, beat the field In
the seven furlong3 for 4-year-olds and up
The Singer was favorite," but was not in
voice, coming nowhere within the money
Oscar Tolle captured the one-mile sell
ing race for 3-year-olds, . the last on the
card. Haralamb got the place.
Twelve . regular books and two "held
fcooks cut in yesterday, at Tanforan, but
the betting was not as heavy as durine
the past week.-" .
By Louis Honig.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
Track Notes. *
The horses ran strictly to form and mo*t
of the books quit behind on the day's play,
at Oakland. ~ '-iV- : --» • •
Bullman was not seen in the saddle at
the track across the bay yesterday.
Eight books cut in at Oakland besides
the two field books. Frank Eckert is tak
ing a shy at the game across the bay,
while. Fred Cook, whoso book Is said lo
have been hard. hit over the win of. The
Bobby on Saturday last, was an absentee.
,!\f jjTT • V H J LE the ; faint V hearted or
Mk Av/ '' easa^ : weather 'racegoers
V^;^\/. C remained ,. indoors ! ¦ yesterday,
V ;y^_ the ¦ "regulars" : were mar
. '" "¦¦¦¦¦/; , shaled in full" force "at.Oak
land .track. J: Among | tho. ensemble of
horses were .the entries of .several, noted
mudlarks, and the coin went in fast and
thick on. them.' The books-again got- hdld
of the burnt end, of the stick, for five out
of six- extensively backed ones rounded
tho -stake boat first. Domihick passed a
pleasant few hours In the saddle, finish
ing first astride three winners.
' Diminutive | Maggie Davis, an even
money choice; took * the mile ' handicap,
leading all the way. The -105 pounds on
her back weighed very heavily toward the
close,. compelling Dominick to pull his
, whip,. aa Quiz II camo very fast and wa3
cnly. f -beaten half a length. Had Stuart
rdde'the last-named colt with the skill of
Doriiinlck, the result, would have been dif
ferent, v Great, things were expected . of
My Gypsy,' the second; choice, but she re
warded'her backers by finishing *abso-*
lutely last.*. . *-• • • — . ' '-.'¦'
Thirteen platers started in the opening
scramble and all kinds of tips were float
intr about. >Abput, the time it, looked as if
old Mainstay might deliver the merchan
dise, Stuart came along on Spike, backed
down at post time to 13 to 5 favoritism,
winning very handily. There was a
Heallii-^play-dn NewKgatherer, which ap
peared-before the footlights for the first
time this season, but he was apparently
attacked with stage fright, finishing bade
in the mud. .
The two-year-olds gave Starter Holt
man considerable trouble at the post; Es
tado, a well played one with Nash. Turner
up, repeatedly refusing to break. When
sent away, Howell rode a nicely judged
race on Dr. Scharff, the 2 to 1, favorite,
reaching the wire three lengths ahead of
Pepper riauce. If F. Kelly, on Maraschino,
had not drawn his whip that colt would
have been second. .With his head turned
loose the' youngster bore out, losing: the
place by ,a' nose only. Fred Atterbury.
showed a world of speed in false break
aways, running his .race at the post.
.With but two pounds . difference in
weights *'K1 Mido looked to hold Sunello
safe, and the big horse did dispose of Mat
Storn's colt with little difficulty. An even
money favorite, • he led from the start.
Sunello trailed in his wake the entire
route, downing Rio Shannon In a drive for
thet place. .
v Fred Foster's mare Lennep was fairly
in her element In the .sloppy .footing, and
the six. furlong sprint fifth to be decided
was just a gallop for her. Mounce held
tho crack "muddcr" under restraint to
the stretch, where he let go the wraps and
she rah over Sad Sam and Frank Bell.
Sam grew very weary, losing the place by
four open lengths. Nash Turner was un
able to do anything with Gibraltar, the
big fellow i finishing lengths behind h's
company.
Hagerdon, from the stable of Don Cam
eron, was touted as the real thing for tho
after-piece, at one of the shorter sprint
ing distances, and Alice Dougherty
showed him a clean pair of heels from tho
kick-off. Eight to five was about the best
obtainable .about Hagerdon at post time
and ho fell short three lengths at the wire.
The Buffoon, a 10 to 1 shot, ran into the
show.
BY -P. E. 'MXTLHOIJIiAND.
Long Shots Rule Supreme in the Mud of the Tanforan
Track and the Bookies Get the Coin of the Form
\ Players With Unbroken Consistency That Jars Bettors
FAVORITES IN GREAT FETTLE
AND BOOKS LOSE AT OAKLAND
RACETRACK GAMBLERS
GET SEVERE SETBACK
Supervisors of San Mateo Will Not
Extend Tanforan Season — Action
on Ingleside Reopening Deferred
visor Dwyer asked Mr. Tobin if It would
not be better to wait until the belated
members of the board arrived, but tha
suggestion was not accepted.
THE Supervisors have israln deferred
action on the bill to reopen Ingte*
side racetrack. When, the m iaer
came before the Board yesterday
Supervisor Joseph P. Tobin, chair
man of the Police Coznxolttee, which re
ported favorably on the bill, renupsted
tho matter be continued" one week, as
he desired a full board discussion and
vote.
While this act!on was disappointing to
tho^e who were opposed to the bill, they
hafl to abide by the action of the Super
visors. Prince Poniatowski and C&artej
L. Fair attended the meeting, and wera
reinforced by a petition alleged to hava
been signed by tne business men of Sari
t rar.ciscu favoring the reopening of th*
track. When they saw their pet schema
blocked fur a time they showed their
chagrin. Hoth men had been confident
that they would leave the chambers with
.victory »n their Rrasp, bu: this unfore
seen setback created consternation in the
ranks of their followers.
Nearly a score of the foremost preach
ers of the city attended the session to
show by their presence that they were
not in sympathy with any ordinance that
would permit licensed gambling in this
city and county. Some of the preachers
were ready to make a last appeal to
the board not to forsake their obligations
to the better element by opening the
nefarious racetrack. They had no oppor
tunity, as the matter was postponed.
They intend, however, to return on Mon
day next and protest if necessary against
the passage of a bill of that character.
Among the clergymen present were Rev.
F. A. Doane, Rev. Dr. Kovard. Itev H
H. Bell. Rev. J. N. Beard. Rev. >' Kl
Baker, Rev. "William M. Woodward. Rev.
E. A. Woods and Rev. Phillip Coomhe.
When reports of committees were
called for the clerk read tha bill favor'.nsr
the reopening of the track. Every one
became interested and awaited develop
ments. Supervisor Tobln leisurely aros*
and moved that action on the bill be de
ferred until tho following week, as a
number of members were absent. Super-
Rausch M0) had an easy time defeating
Krnnp (-iCi. Neither player -was on to the
finer points of the game. The score- wai
49 to 27. Henry Bostwick defaulted to
Clawson. Clough t40» won handily over
Stafford (=cratch>. The game between
Hoffman (45> and Abadie C40) was the best
of the evening-. Hoffman outplayed tho
clever sprinter and had him moving all
around the court. Score, 43 to 3.
The contests scheduled for to-night arc:
Cavanaugh (40) vs. Bartlett (scratch^:
Bogarr (40> vs. Ransome <4O>: Forbes (4O>
vs. Magee (scratch*; Levy (scratch* vs.
Coffroth (scratch). ' .
Phil Wand, the well-known athlete, is
referee and seorekeener. Players losing
one game are dropped from, the tourna
ment.
Powers and Green opened the tourna
ment, the former winning by a score of
51 to 37. Tho game was full of fine plays.
Green showed himself to be well up in
th« game, but needed practice. The lively
ball kept both men moving and when th«»
contest ended they were completely fag
ged out. Powers' left hand serve was too
much for (Jrrpn and he succumbed.
Olympic Club Soft-Ball
Tournament.
The soft-ball tournament opened ausp!
clously last night -In the handball court
of the Olympic Club. There were a num
ber of exciting games played by the con
testants and the spectators greatly en-
Joyed the sport.
Highly Exciting Contests In the
EXPERTS AT HAKBBALL
PLAY BRILLIANT GAMES
"AH athletic exhibitions," the order con
tinues,-''where life or limb are placed In
jeopardy-, will not be allowed to take place
in the city, and you will see that this or
der is strictly enforced."
ST. PAUL.. Feb. 1*.— Governor Vansant
has been assured by Mayor Ames of Min
neapolis that the boxing carnival sched
uled to occur at the Minneapolis Exposi
tion building: will -not take place. Mayor
Ames issued an order to the Chief of Po
lice to prevent the boxing contests. lie
went even further. . He Instructed the
Chief to see that in future nr» boxing or
sparring contests shall take place within
the city limits.
Will Stop Bdxing Carnival.
GLASGOW. Feb. IS.— The protest of
George L. Watson against the slow pro
gress of the work on the Shamrock II has
had a good effect, and during the past
week the yacht has grown at a remark
able rate. Quite two-thirds of her outer
plating is now in place, riveted up and
smoothed on*. The plates are of manga
nese bronze, three-eighths of an inch In
thickness and varying from two feet to
three and a half feet In length. Below the
water line the butts of the plates .are
brought .'edge to edge and are fitted with
such .accuracy that the joint is scarcely
discernible. The rivets are specially made
of yellow gun metal. They are counter
sunk into tho plates and are dressed with
great accuracy, a burnishing machine be
ing used to make the joints dead smooth
and giving the burnished sides of the
yacht a striking appearance.
Effect.
Progress Has a Good
Protest of George L. Watson on Slow
RENEWED ACTIVITY
ON NEW SHAMROCK
The men welched in at 1^3 pounds. For
the first six rounds neither forced mat
tersl" Then for four rounds Kearns took
the aggressive and appeared to be pun
ishing Sullivan with kidney blows ami
Jabs over th"e- wind, i There was little be
hind the blows, however; > At the end ot
the..v!eventh -round Sullivan landed on
Kearnsat will.- punishing him severely
over the heart and in the face. Twic^
.Sullivan fell and both times P.e force Hurst
cautioned Kearns aprainst what looked
like fouls, Kearns striking Sullivan when
he was on his knees. In the seventeenth
round Kearns was all but out. From tho
thirteenth round the result was never in
doubt. Sullivan's jrenpralship and science
Mr surpassing that of Kearns. From he
ginning to end the fight was of the rough
and tumble order, and the referee was
continually cautioning them against the
tactics used. Time and again each man
claimed a foul, but one of the fighters wa3
as bad as the other in this respect.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Feb. IS.— Spike Sul
livan of New Tork was to-night given the
decision over Tom Kearns of Brooklyn on
points after twenty rounds of rough fight
ing before the Southern Athletic Club.
a Rough an4 Tumble
Mill at Louisville.
Defeats Brooklyn Boxer in
SULLIVAN WINS
FROM KEARNS
The project of an extended season of
racing in this county la now a thing; of
the. past.
REDWOOD CITY, Feb. 18— Racing
in San Mateo County will not be
extended and the vicious gam
bling element Is not to have full
sway in this pretty suburb of
San Francisco.
By the unanimous action of the BoarJ
of Supervisors to-day a rebuke was arl
miniatered Prince Poniatowski, Senator
Byrnes, Charles L. Fair and others wfto
sought to have tho racing limit in this
county extended.
When the Supervisors recently limited
the racing season to thirty-five fla >' 3 thilr
owners ot Tanforan racetrack and their
friends circulated a petition for signaturo.-<
aaking the Supervisors to repeal the ordi
nance. The track owners claimed rro
fluently that they had secured more man
2000 signatures to the petition.
The Supervisors met to-day in regular
session and when the petition was pre
sented, it was found to contain only ow
names. Before the board met Prince
Poniatowski and his allies indulged ra
considerable '"log rolling" and all kmua
of arguments were brought to bear in tlie
hope of inducing the Supervisors to r»~
consider their action in limiting the racing
season. , ,
The owners of Tanforan racetrack ana
their friends met with a signal defeat,
however. • • ¦
When the petition was presented to the
Supervisors th? chairman asked what dis
position should be made of it. Supervisor
Elkrenlfotter. who had voted against tno
ordinance to Itmltf the racinpr season,
moved thaf'the Detftion-be received and
placed on ftfe. : .
The entire Board, of Supervisors voted
in the affirmative, and under the rules of
the board thl3 action definitely disposes of
the petition. •
Under the present ordinance limiting the
racing season Tanforan racetrack has but
twenty-four more, days, including to-day,
in which racinsr can be carried on until
February 5, 19»2.
It was expected that an ordinance would
be presented to-day to repeal the one now
in effect, but no one of the three Super
visors who voted for the original ordin
ance could be Induced to stultify himself
by reversing his previous attitude on the
question..
SALT LAKE,. Feb. IS.— A special to the
Tribune from Price. Utah, says -TVIlnt Me-
Gann and Matt Crowley got into a shoot
ing: scrape last night at the new camp of
Sunnyside and were both wounded. One
shot went through «. partition and hit a
man named Pace In another room. Pace
was taken to tho company's hospital and
Is not expected to live.
Non-Combatant Injured.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANFOBAN PARK-Monday. Feb. 18,
I901.v-Weather:showery; Track sloppy.
1S5S. , FIRST , RACB-six , furlongs ; selling ;
three-year-olds and up'ward;' purse, J4C0.
m^* H .° r «' Wt- Jocke y- •'¦•St. :>i.:..Str. Fin.
(lS3i)Matt Hogan, 4,. 10a,.Sea 3 .1 4 ; 2 3 12
nSb N. Foresti 3, 9S..W. Rrke 2 '2 'i V 12 "> 3
*L'l Jnvictus, .3- 94....J. r>aly 4 4:4 44 3 3.
1-43 Gold. Badge. 3.:S7.Jacksn 7 1 6 6 4 1
1780 High Hoe. 6. 100,.0'Cojir I. 3 V4" 3 1 5 U
. ; . . B.' eaidwii. 3, 90. j. wibh'5 » 6 1 . 5 1 6 12
:1<S6 Cantinus, 3, U05. Wedsttd 6 -15, h^T. 1
•" T lme-4v'-:21t i: Vi.' :49; %.' lhoji'. Good start.
Won easily. -Second and' third driving. Wln-
XM 1 "' C zi, ?V Du P ell ' s b - e. -by", imp. Wagner-
Mi?s Hlght. . Hogan much the best. He won
in a • gallop. Nellie ' Forest ! ran well/ but *ot
weak handling. High- Hoc stopped very badly.
Invictus ran a fair race. . Spratched-'Berendos
100. Our Lizzie 107, Raveling 105, Lady. Meddle
some 107. ¦ •- v ....
Betting-Matt -HOEan,: 9-5? Nellie". Forest. 6;
Invictus. 20; Gold Badge. 4<v High Hoe, 9-10;
Benson Caldwell. 25; Cantinus, 60.
1S.%{». SECOND RACE— Seven fudorigs; sell
ing; four : year-olds and upward;: purse, $100.
3^ Ho rse/ Wt:'' Jockey. St. '%.¦ Str. Fin.
1S24 The Phoncn. 6, - 104, O'ConS 3'A 3 2 In
(184,)PupU,:4, 103..-....J. Daly 3 22 lh 2h.
• lul Theory, 5,. 108. ...v.Henry 1 1 H 2 3 3 4
(lu.)AnJou. 4, 109....T. Burns 2 5 4 4 4 8
1347 Prejudice^ 4. 103. J. Wish 4 4 4 5 5
-Tlme—V*. :25r M, -'-:49%; H. 1:03^; T«. 1:23^
Good start. Won first- three driving. -Winner.
P. Dunne's b. g. .by. Ben Ali-Turmoll. ' Pupil
with stronger boy up would have won sure.
Phoenician, got a strong ride. Theory stopped
badly. Anjou could' not' untrack- himself.
Scratched— Kdgardo 106. ¦ ¦ • - . w
Betting— The Phoenician, 9; Pupil. S; Theory
2; Anjou, 2; Prejudice, . 6. ,
iSGO. THIRD RACE— Fpur furlongs; Nursery
stakes; two-year-olds'; value, $1100. ,-.-.-
T ,"»^ X ' Horse . Wt. .Jockey: St., %., Str. Fin.
(l«21)Cunard, 118,...;. O'Connor 3 2 3 : 2 1 1 1
(1775)S. Ldchtnstn,.113..j; Wds 4 3 2 3 2 2 n
(lSll)Sis. Jeanie. 110.T. Burns 5 1 h 1 h 5 •
1S35 J. V. Kirby, 110...:.See 6 4 h : 4 2 4 6.
17s7 Ij. Appleby, 108... Henry 7 7 5 6 5 10
lS3.-> Lin. Greene. lC3.BIngme 2526 2 62
1787 E. M. Brattain, lOj.Enos 16 2 7 7
Time— U. :*4'i: 14. :49. I «ood start. Won
easily. Second and ' third driving. Winner,-
G. B. Morris' ch. c. by imp.' Goldflnch-Lucania.
Cunard hung Sister Jeaxife. He is a good colt
arid ..will improve. « Pol closed' very, strong.
Seratchedj-Corrfgan 113, Minerva 103. (
Betting— Cunard.. 7-2; Sol Lichtenstein, 2; Sis
ter Jeanie. 11-10; J.-V. Kirby.12; Luclen Apple
by, SO; Lincoln Greene, 50; E: M. Brattain, 25.
iSn%. FOURTH- RACE-Five furlongs; epe
clal; three-year-olds^ purse, $500.\. •
Index. -Horse, Wt. Jockey. St.. H- Str. Fin.
1SCO Kenilworth,112.T. Burns 2 12 13 11
1S13 Articulate. US.'.O'Connor 1 2 h 2 5 2 7
1747 Rolling Boer, 112.. Henry 3 3 3 3 '
'Time-^-Vi, 424;' %,' :33%": >«. 1:01. Good start.
Won ridden out. Second driving, j 'Winner. W.
H. Ketcheman's br. c. by imp. Sir Modred
imp. Queen Bess. Articulate away wrong foot
first. Was coming very fast at the end and
would have won in another sixteenth.
Betting— Kenllworth, 3-2; Articulate, 11-10;
Rolling. Boer, 18-3.
1S«2. FIFTH RACE-Seven furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt.* Jockey. St. 1.4. Str. Fin.
l.«34 Royal Prize. 6, lCS.Enos 2 1 ',3 2 3 .1114
(1839)PhoeniFsa. 4. 10^..Henr> r 12 4 14 2 2
1791 I-amachus, 4, 109.O'Conr 3 3 4 3 2 3 2
1S03 The Slngr. 4. 106.T. Brns 4 4 2 4 6 4 12
1723 Dlomed. 4, 1CG..J. Woods 5 5 5 5
Tir.10— U. :25Va: %.' :50«: '-4. 1:C3U: ~M. l:30ii.
Good start. "Won first three driving. Winner,
G. Pacheoo's b. g. by I'rlnce Koyal-Trophj-.
Phoenlssa tired badly; did not like the going.
The Singer ran- a. very bad race.' Iloyal Prize
stootl a hard drive. -Scratched — ReJwaM 1*6.
B^ttins^-'Royal Prize.' 12; I'hoeni.«»a. 3r La
machus, 6; The Singer. 4-5; Dlomed, 12.
ISO.*!. SIXTH RACE-One mile; TeeilW;
throe-year-olds; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. Vt. Str. Fln.
1SI9 Oscar Tolle. 122 Henry 3 12 12 \ \\%
1710 Haralamb. 119. .O'Connor 4 2 \S 2 3 2 >-i
1S14 The Hoodoo, 117.\Vedrstd 2 4 4 35
17D1 Quibo, 122 T. Burns 1 3 2 3>4 4
Time— \i. :26^; :.12; 94, 1:19; mil-' 1:47.
Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner, E. J. Baldwin's ch. c. by
Amlgo-Seven Up. Oscar Tolle best of a bad
Jot. The Hoodoo finished strong. Scratched—
Fondo 119.
netting— Oscar Tolle. 8-5; Haralamb. 11-5;
The Hoodoo, 8; Quibo, 2.
Entries of Tanforan.
The entries at Tanforan are as follows;
First race— Seven furlongs; ' four-year-olds
and upward; selling. , . . , .
1S10 Billy Moore. ...103 1S03 Lady Meddlsm 104
1HZ'.* Parmenlon 103 1S15 McXamara ..• 105
182fi Alee lOfi 1803 Rapido 103
1722 Torslda 108 1847 Alas 10a
Second race— Six. furlongs: four year-olds And
upward: selling.
1813 Oxmond 109 I 1690 Isallne ...... i<u
1S34 SaUado .112 1S33 Sweet Caporai.107
1S34 Vain 10«; I
Third race-One and a half miles; hurdle
handicap; six hurdles.
1348 Lothian ........164 1764 Granger ... 137
1641 Veragua 136 17S2 J. O. C 'l36
1782 Kio Chlco 12S 1848 Koenig '125
1761 Choteau 125 1762 Mad Anthony.. T2
1S48 Periwig 130
Fourth race — Seven furlongs ; three^year
olde; purse. . . - ...
ISol Janloo W ! >|(1836)Dangerfleld"....103
1748 Moonbright ....1051 1S23 Telamon HO
Fifth race — One mile' and seventy yards
four-year-olds and upward: nelllnp. . '
1838 Josephine B ...307 ISP Imperious .. 106
1S«> Lavator 103 1S38 Artllla .... ' 105
1S38 Prestomo 101
Sixth rac<>— Six ami a half furlongs; maiden
three-year-olds and upward; sellins. ~.\ •
185S Cantlnus iS 100 .... Jimmy O'Netll 109
1721 Thornwlld 97 726 The Gaffer S7
1S01 Carlovinglan .. 97 1801 Aphrodis 95
1S^» Sweet Voice 107 1837 Santa Lucia "no
1762 Cerro Santa.... 97 lfiSl Red Cherry '"107
178S Katie Walcot..l07 1S39 Lizzella .... ""no
Tanforan Selections.
.First race— Alee, Torsifla, Billy Moore. ¦
Second race— Sweet Caporal, Osmond, If aline.
Third race— Veracua, Periwlgr, Lothian.
Fourth race— Janice. Dangrerfleld.'; Telamon.
Fifth race — Frestome, Imperious, Josephine B.
Sixth race — Aphrodis, Llzzella. Katie Wal-
COtt. - . ¦ '.
Pugilists Arrested.
CHICAGO, Feb. IS.— Pugilist Gus fcuh-
Hn and his sparring partner, DenverVEd
Martin, were arrested to-day before go-
Ins on the stage at a local music hall for
a friendly sparring bout of thr»e two
minute round?. Th? men were released
en bonds of $500 each- -
MADERA. F^b. IS.— Rain began falling
en Paturday night and continues. Tfio
rair.fal! to dat*> is ?\x inches jrreater than
ihst ot Ia?t jfar ar<l rxc^ods by three
inches l?st year's total. Crop prospects
arc the be?t known here In years.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Feb. IS.— Conditions
are favorable for all crops in this county
The rainp hare washed seed from the
frround in jilacop. noc«ssitatinir resowing.
Th" celery in the snuthern end of the
County was riamaprcd by floods. Walnut
tree? pro leaving and praoh, apricot, al
mond find cherry trees are in bloom. The
rain in fan I^uis Obispo County for the
Ptarrn has reached a total of 2S.59 inches.
MODESTO. Feb. JR.— The local crop
prospects arr excellent. There is a larger
scrcac? of wheat and barley than has
bpen sown for years, drain is doing well,
rcr the present f=tom there has been L2Q
inches of rain, and for the season 12.40
Inche?. a? crmvarcd with S.S1 inches at
the correpnondinK date la?t year.
RED BLUFF; Feb. IS— Light rain fell
this sf'ernoon. The rain for the season
arnounts in ift.44 inches; la«=t season to the
Fame d.n'e. 15.*i3 inches. Crops are excel
lent, Tvit!i feel in abundance. Early trees
sre beginning to bloom.
SAXTA ROSA. Feb. IS— Threatening
Adds to the Rain Eecord in Centr?l
California.
Southern California.
Carr.ro. Pan Diego O.unty— Snowfall exceeds
last season's, but is less than average; the
some is true cf rainfall.
ir-<-hee ; this reason, to January IS." 1 inch.
Ov.-inr to heavy rains? the water supply will
rrobjWy be preater than last season.
North Ontari.) — Average sncwfall in the
trour.tsins. 8 to 32 feet: the fall exceeds last
ffaton's erd the water supply will be greater.
San Jsointo — BnowCaH in the upper valley
en UM TT'.h and C^th cf January, from 6 to 10
ir.che.5.
SCOPE OF PRESENT STORM.
ini-fte*-* at timoer line. * to b leer; aoove tim
ter line. If' to 14 left.
Quincy— Avcracre enowfall, about 42 inche?.
Wil! have bt-st waler season since 1S&7.
R»»(3 Bluff — Mere encw than usual; greater
-""apply of water.
Reddtr.p— Average raowfall, about 7 Inches;
i:i mountains to the west, tnow very heavy
rr.4 much above average; to the east (Sierra),
mueh liphtrr.
Shatta— A\ erase snowfall. S inches; this year
e bove a we ra *"¦«".
Sisson— Frora arp^arance of furroundinf:
mountains there i? double th* amount of snow
to s-a-rr.e date last year; Mount Eddy and
Mount Shasta are covered and canyons are
Ji.il.
TrucJiw — Averaze Fnowfall. !>5 inches; at tlm
b»r line. 13 feet; ohove timber line. 16 feet;
f-.-iCwfall f<r this season above average.
Yreka— The Fno-nfall this season. 63 inches,
1? greater than in any year since 3S50, end the
heaviest for one storm ever known.
Coast and Bay Sections.
In tfc» mountains, at an altitude of 4<v>0 feet,
the snow is deep. It Is reported that the
F'iriwfall is unusually heavy in Trinity and
Sifklyou fount ies.
lagua. Hamboldt County— Average Enor.-fa!l.
•tout I s inches; this season above average;
ricre pre-lpitation this year than in any year
F;nce IS*!.
F:rrn.;er. Fan Luis Ohispo County — No snow
to dstt; averajre fall, about 4 inches: rainfall
to January ML 10 inches; total last searon.
5.70 inches.
San Joaquin Valley.
Sic Trf-es. Calaverns County ' <elevatien 47nft
ieett — Pncv.fal!. Xovembfr 19 to January 10. I
n inches; rainfall to January 11. 29 inches.
Fort Tejon. Kern County— Snowfall not above |
tverage. which Is about 3 feet, and fnm 4 i
tc 5 fret cbove timber line.
Mokclurr.n* Hill— Snowfall here and in the I
fc:gher range of mountains very light: snow |
has fallen several tlmeF. but has been followed
by rain, wblcb extended lilgher into the mcun
tairs than usual.
Tehtchap;— Snowfall exceeds that of last !
average, abcat 3 feet; la the higher
FROM the I'nited States Weather
¦
Bureau in this city the following
reports of the snowfall of the
present season are rec?ived:
Northern California.
Bear Valley (near Emigrant Gap)— Snowfall
heavier than Ian year, but considerably less
thaa Everage. Tli* weather has bee-n too warm
Cm enow, but hav* had tjlo*aty of lain. Until
four years ago th«» mow-fall was from 8 to 14
fwt r>n a level, but einee then It has not
b?«n raore than 4 ieet/
Bodie— Snowfall last sea-sin, to' January 2C.
47 inches : thi* sfason, to time date 133 inches.
Edmanton <Mea.4ow .Vaile\ )— Average eaow
ta:i. 70 Inches: this eearon. to January IS. 136
leches; last season, to same date, 47 inches;
total precipitation this season, same date,
fO. 34 inches; laet season, 51.35 inches.
North ban .Tuuji— Averarse snowfall, 2 to 3
Precipitation to Date Exceeds the
Average in Many Localitiesand the
Crop Outlook Was Never Brighter
WEATHER BUREAU'S RA5N RECORD.
>
Stations. . - ¦ Last 24 Hours. This Season. Last Season.
Eureka . .'.•... . COO i 34.16 35.60
Red Bluff 0.01 10.58 15.57
Sacramento 0.28 14.44 13.69
San Francisco ... . . 0.48 15.25 14.59
Fr-rsno ....... 0.08 8.44 6.19
Independence ..... Trace 4 4.83 2.09
San Luis Obispo .... Trace 26.68 12.66
"Los Angeles . . . . . 0.00 * 13.53 4.57
San Diego 0.00 s . 8.50 2.65
and drizzly weather of the past two days
culminated to-day in a- heavy downpour,
which appears to have been -general in
Sonoma County. Crop prospects are ex
cellent. ¦ •
SACRAMENTO; Feb. IS.— It has rained
steadily here all day, but the fall has been
light. Fortunately there Js little or no
m^re grain to be sown, or the ground
¦would be too wot for working:. The rain
fall, is now about an inch and a half in
excess of that of last year to date— nearly
fifteen inches. While no rain would have
been needed here for a month or more,
this will do no' harm. Grain and grass
are growing luxuriantly,, some apricot
trees have blossomed and everything
points to a successful year.
STOCKTON. Feb. lS.-Rain fell all day
and was still coming down at a late hour
to-night. At intervals it was very heavy
and came down in sheets. The ground is
thoroughly so-iked and most of the water
is rushing into the streams, which are
quite high to-:iijrht. It is feared that the
melting snow :n the mountains Added to
the large rainfall will cause the Mokel
umne and Calaveras rivers to break their
levees.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 1«.— Rain began fall
ing here to-niglit. Farmers do not need
moit rain at present, but it is welcomed
by the owners of the various big storage
reservoirs. Crop prospects are better than
fo'r years past.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. IS.— The sky is
overcast to-night and the indications are
favorable for rain.
* SAX JOSE, Feb. IS.— A gentle rain has
been falling here since 12 o'clock last
night, aggregating at 9 o'clock this even
ing .30 of an inch and making a total for
the peason of 15.19 inches, against 10.74
inches to this date last year and .OS of an
inch more than the entire rain fall of 1SD9-
CALIFORNIA'S SURFEIT
OF RAINFALL AND SNOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, . 1901.
4
AT OAKLAND TRACK
For 21 ore-cent stamps t» pay ex-
pense of rr.ailir-g en fy you can get free
a papcr v covered copy of Dr. Pierce's
Common Sense Medical Adviser. The
lx>ok contains inoS pajjes. Address Dr.
R. V. I-icrce, Buffalo, N. Y.
* I had falling of internal organs and had to
go to bed every month ; had irregular monthly
period* which c-onU sometimes ,last ten or
twelve days.-' writis Mrs. 1.. Holmes, cf Cool-
fpriii!-* Stri-et. Uniontown. Penaa. "Had" also
iu-li-rcstion to bad that I cou1d.not cat arythrnj?
hftrUIr. Dr. PiK-crj Favorite Prcscriptiou and
"Golden Metiitnl Disrovery ' cured me. I took
three bottles c f r.it • Fai-orite Prescription* and
ecc of the 'Coldca Medical Discovery.' "
•'¦>*¦> ofdiseasesof
vocian, oHers a consultation by letter
free. Write to Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
treatment and cure
sense to seek med-
ical advice of those
who are not phy-
sicians when Dr.
Pierce, not only a
doctor, but' a
specialist in the
But there is no
common sense in
neglecting woman-
ly diseases or in
experimentinpf
with other medi-
cines when it is a
matter of common
knowledge that Dr.
Pierce's Favorite
Prescription makes
weak women
strong and sick
women well. It
establishes regu-
larity, dries enfee-
bling drains, heals
inflammation and
ulceration and
cures female weak-
ness.
It is not common
"C@imioo Seose"
Ie the motto of tie modem womsn.
The thick stntd shoe and the rainy day
£kirt are witnesses to the wise applica-
tion of the motto ia matters cf aress.
ADVEP.TISELIENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known Au-
thority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Dr. W. S. Rice. 41S TV. Main it.. Adamf. V.
T.. will send free to any one "«Tio Is ruptured
or knows of any pernon ruptured, i* nether a
man, woman or child, s free trial cf his fa-
MR. R. W. TOUREX.
mous home cure. It 1j a marvelmis method,
curing: cases that defied hospitals, doctors,
trusses, electricity and all else. Merely send
your name and address and the fre« triai will
be sent without any cost to you whatever.
R. W. Tourex. a well -known ccmmerclat trav-
eler, was ruptured ten years, tried every truss
on the market, partly made up hla mind to
undergo the d-msrer of an operation, when by
the g-reates-t of rood >uck he tried the r>r. Rlc«
method. . lie ia now cured
Mr. Yourex says: "I tried Dr. Rle- s method
and it cured me. I did not lo« a day on th»
road Hundreds of merchants and friends Jn
Illinois Wisconsin. Minnesota and Iowa know
the wonderful fa-"t that this remarkable
method. cur<»d me and I certainly feel thankful
rnoueh to Ml othT ruptured people, how they
ma* profit *y In >' <"-inerience.". Mr. Yourex
lives In Cedar Rapids. Iowa, at 3K*,» First
avenue. • '
Every ruptured person ouKbt to send at once
and make a trial of th!.*i method that cures
without pain, danger, operation or an hour's
loss of time. Begin now and in a short Una*
yon will n^ver know you had been ruptured.
Write to-day nure. '
WASHINGTON'S ERTHDAY
Is always an occasion for more or less
.visiting, outing!". tvalk3 and" rides. On
that day. your attire should be unexctp-
tlonahle. bur part in making you present-
able is the careful laundering of your
linen, underwear, socks and all the ress.
You know, of r-nirse. that we do family
washing beside. Goodd cabled for and de-
livered;
- Domestic finish for full dress shlrt3. No
saw cdzca.
UNIXED STATES CA UN DRY
Office IOO4 Markot.Straat
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av*>.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
in
J <: \
fed
! ittaB' i!sE^§§|| 1 '¦v^'tS^'-W'"^ «Ks]¦* The ..' members : of ', St." Joseph's ' Society
held ; their, annual musical entertainment
and ball at Teutonia Hall last night The
programme, rendered In the German
tongue, was as follows: - . ,- VXCJindn
¦Overture. Von der .- ''Mehden's orchestra
.'¦SchlfTerleld.? - chorus; eddress President
Trost: •- "Der Reiter. und Seln '-Lleb " Ed
ward Shultz: piano ; duet. Mlsnes* Constance
i nd ; Louise Schmltx; - "In ¦ der Fremde." <, u "£f
tet; > soprano 'solo." Miss Lulu Curtaz- ' "Xeuer
rruhllnR.'; chorus; "That Melody Divine "
J., Jorden: - VEin Stundchen lm Gesanuverein'"
Erpst Simon/ : . , '.
-Immediately after the entertainment tho
floor, was cleared rand dancing continued
till an' early hour. .
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
BANKRUPT SALESMAN . PETITIONS. —
Charles Offer, a traveling salesman, residing
in San Francisco, filed a petition in Insolvency
yesterday In the United , States District Court
He ow»t $50$S 12 and has $100 assets.
'COMPLAINT AGAINST GAVAiT-— Charles
r\ Leets, one of the clerks In the Santa Fe
freight office whose check for $30 was among
these cashed by Frank P. Gavan, the default
ing clerk. . swore to a complaint before Judge
Mogan yesterday, charging Gavan with relony
embezzlement.
"WANTED IN . DENVER.-Wllllam Collins
was arrested . yesterday ' by. Policeman Bean
and locked up In the tanks at the City Prison
He was until December 3 a timekeeper for
the Colorado and Southern Railroad Company
at Denver and Is wanted there to answer to a
charge of forgers- " . . . -.
COOKS TO CELEBRATE.— The first anni
versary and ball of the Cooks" Association of
the Pacific Coast will, be 'held, at Natlre Sons'
Hall on the evening of Washington's birthday.
The- feature ¦' of. the evening will, be the sup
per. . to which i every, chef ; will contribute a
piece ¦de'refclstanee.'-i.v. - .¦:.... • .
' CHARGE ' REDUCED.— Clalr . B. Kernan . a
clerk In the store of the Cleveland Bicycle
Company, who - was charged . with burglary
tor ' breaking into the Ftore and stealing: two
Me ycles • on -January J2. -.had the charge « re
duced to petty larceny by Judge Cabanlss yes
terday ar.d< pot four months. In the County
Jail. -His, 'companion, John D. Street, got
thirty ¦ days. : - . -\vV >
IS HUNGRY AND STEALS.— William Stein
eppeared yesterday mornlne ¦ before ' United
Pt ates Court •- Commissioner . Heacock - on a
charge '¦ of < having i broken «pen , a street ; letter
box on ~ the* water* front with ..Intent to. steal
tht-refrom. ; Stein . admitted ' hl« guilt < and said
that'he. was.*, hungry ami thought • that he
would s find ¦ something -.- valuable •- in -. the box.
He was held to answer, bsfore rhs Orand Jury:
DTERSBURG. Tenn.. Feb. lS.-An un
known man broke Into the residence of
Dr. Arnold, a prominent physician here
yesterday, and struck Miss Eliza Arnold
on the head and side with a hatchet 3 She
fainted without seeing the assailant' who
became frightened and fled. BloodhoJJid^
followed the trail from the young lad v 's
room to the house of a negro named FrJi
King, where a hatchet was found In a bu
reau drawer. King and two other negroes
were arrested, but the latter were re
leased. A mob formed and would hnvn
lynched King but. for the pleading^ otDr
Arnold, who Insisted upon having her tJr
evidence of guilt. - b V eiier
A mob formed to-day and- tonv -wir, »
from Jail and tried him before a Jury se* 5
lected from the. mob. ..He confessed; im
plicating several other negroes, and was
then hanged. Another negro named Bebee
has been captured; charged with corn?
pllcity in the , assault, and probably -win
meet the same fate. - .. ' '
Confessed to Having Struck
a Young Woman With
? a Hatchet.
NEGRO LYNCHED
IN TENNESSEE
Order of Pendo Supreme Council.
The session of the Supreme Council.
Order of Pendo. which was commence*
on la?t Tuesday, will end to-day. At yes
terday'p Fession the following officers
were elerted: Supreme councilor. A. P.
Tucwrll of Tacoma. Wash.; supreme vice
councilor. D. I*. Allen of Los Angeles; su
rrrme secretary. Kmmet Duden of San
Francisco: supreme treasurer. Ernest
Stanley of San Francisco: supreme med
ical director. Dr. R. E. Bunker: supreme
chaplain. L. W. Sheelhamer of Los Ange-
I^f: supreme culde. Miss Katie MacDon
sld: Fuprerne warden. Miss Kate J. Young
«f Portland. Or.; supreme sentinel, Mary
Scharenberg of San Antonio. Tex.; su
preme legal advisor. H. W. Mathews of
San Francisco. Seven trustees will be
tflected to-day.
The engagement of Miss Selena Dannen
haum and J. J. Gottlob was announced
yesterday. Miss Dannenbaum Is the only
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. R. Dannen
baum. She is a petite and charming
blonrte and highly accomplished. No date
for the wedding has .yet been net al
though it Is probable that it will take
place In the near future.
Theatrical Manager to Wed.
MISS JACKSON'S HEARERS
CHLAHMED BY HER PLAYING
She Has Beautifully Toned Violin
and Handles It With Ex
quisite Freedom.
A delightful afternoon was spent yester-
day by those fortunate enough to hear
the brilliant young girl violinist. Miss
Leonora Jackson, at the California The
ater. Miss Jackson more than fulfills all
the expectations aroused by the favorable,
reports of her genius, which have reached
here from time to time.
Miss Jackson has a beautifully toned
violin., and handles the instrument with
exquisite freedom. Her tone is broad and
fine, her technique masterly and her ren
derings marked by an astonishing ma
turity of conception, though she has very
evidently not yet reached the limit of her
possibilities In this or any other direction.
She has the beautiful bow arm of all the
Joachim students, and It as free from
mannerisms as the master himself. The
young violinist was received with marked
enthusiasm by an audience numbering
most of the prominent musicians In town
In Its personnel, and her next recital, set
for Wednesday afternoon next. Is awaited
with much pleasant rfnticipation.
Miss Jackson's numbers were the fourth
concerto of . Vleuxtemps. Chopin-Sara
sate "Nocturne," Tschalkowsky "Hu
moresque." Simonetti "Madrigale" and
Brahms-Joachim u "Hungarian- Dance."
The violinist was well accompanied by
Mr. Selden Pratt, and Miss Josephine -EI
burna, a soprano with a pleasing voice,
also assisted., * ... ,
The Board of Supervisors received an
other offer of a municipal water system
yesterday in that of the "Giant Gap wat
er supply," the source being the north
fork of the American River. Placer Coun
ty. The offer, which is in elaborately print
ed book form,' was submitted by Russell
L.' Dunn and William C. Alberger, who
claim that the source of the supply Is
sufficient in quantity to provide for a pop
ulation of 1.000.000, and the city may pro
vide for every public utility and stilt have
8000 horsepower, which will give an an
nual income of $1,000,000.
Dunn and Alberger make the following
statement:
We are willing to convey to the city the water
rights, the Rowing: water, the fee to certain
lands, ami to contract to construct: First, the
complete water-supply works and city distribu
tion of 45, coo, 000 gallons daily, and. second, the
complete water power and transmission works,
delivering 13.000 24-horse-power at a price which
will "not exceed $17.3^0.000: or we will convey
the water rights and the right to manufacture
and use solely by and for the city, for the sum
of $2.C0O.0CO. The city can Itself make the con
struction of the works for J14,CC0,C0>
The offer concludes with a comparison
with "what the city has in the Spring
Valley Water Works and what It has in
the proposed Giant Gap Water Works."
The first named company's value Is esti
mated I at $56,3SS.5OO, ' as against $17,400,000
lor the latter. The net annual outgo cost
charges paid by the city and consumers
'for 30.000.000 gallons dally supply by the
Spring Valley Works Is placed at $2.
607,000 and that of the Giant Gap Com
pany is offset by the sale of horsepower
amounting to $1,059,200. leaving the net
cost nothing. .The offer concludes with
the slgrniflcant words: "Spring Valley
water, the dearest water in the world and
getting dearer." and ".Giant Gap water,
the cheapest water In the world."
The ordinance transferring the easterly
half of the lot at Fourth and Clara streets
to the trustees of the Free Public Library
for library purposes and the westerly half
to the Police Department for a police sta
tion was finally passed." . .
Stafford opposed 'the establishment of
another police station at the corner of
Fourth and Clara streets. He held that
there were enough police stations in ex
istence at present without going to addi
tional expenditures for the purpose. Reed,
held. that the ordinance was merely an
attempt to fix the next tax budget before
; the .proper time. ,Dwyer made a plea for
the ordinance, as It was merely a transfer
of property and would result in the estab
lishment of.a library .south of Market
•me employment of Stephen Potter as
'stenographer to take testimony in the in
vestigation of rates to be charged the city
and consumers for gas and electric lights
was authorized by ordinance. The board
will meet on evening to begin
the inquiry.
Proposition Is Made to Sell
Giant Gap Source in
Placer County.
ANOTHER WATER
SUPPLY OFFERED
George Hernandez made the character of
"Chlmmie" very popular.
California.
•The "Waifs of New York." a scenic
melodrama, is this week's offering at- the
California. The next attraction will be
W. K. Nankevllle's elaborate production
of the beautiful play, "The Village Par
son," commencing Sunday afternoon. This
will be the first presentation of the
charming play in San Francisco.
Fischer's Concert-House.
Bert Swor. a black-face comedian, -kept
the large audience at Fischer's Concert
house in a rear of laughter for nearly half
an hour' last night with his songs and
stories. The Leonis give an aerial, act,
during which the man member of the
team hangs with a stocklngless foot by
his heel to a trapeze. The Alcedos giv»
an eccentric act, In which Mme. Alcedo
performs cornet and violin solos while
balancing on a revolving globe. Ruth
Nelta and Gertie Amsell give clever single
turns and Swor. McGreavey and Swor
present an amusing sketch. Rosco' and
Sims proved unique musicians and Hin
rlchs' orchestra was up to Its usual form.
Chutes.
Five new acts are on the programme at
the Chutes this week. Clinton Montgom
ery sang several new songs.- The Kobera
appear in a sensational aerial act. Caro
line Schlndler., sang several selections
from popular operas. Murphy and Ray
mond appear In a laughable sketch. lit
tle Irene Kober. the. child contortionist
proved clever. The holdovers are the Ha
waiian quartet. Maxle Mitchell and new
moving pictures. •
Abt Concert.
The Abt concert, under the direction of
Professor C F. Graeber, at Golden Gate
Hall last night was a musical treat for
those who braved the heavy. rain and at
tended. Valentino Abt is an- artist of
great ability, as is also Miss Hazel Lezyn
sky. who assisted him with her beautiful
soprano voice. Professor Graeber's man
dolin club rendered several clever selec
tions. .
Olympia.
j There Is a good bill at the.Olympia this
week. The specialties are all new and the
bill includes some of the best talent seen
here. William De Boe, Ernest Hauser
and Mabel Hudson were all well -received
Querita Vincent remains as big a favorite
as ever.
The authorities la Washington are rush
irtf: the volunteers home from Manila .-; *
fast as possible. Every available trans
port !s to be used in t'.iis work as the de
purtiser.t has but little time from now till
June 20 m which to complete it.
Th»re are at present speeding toward
San Francisco six transports, carrying al-
BOSt tOOQ mm. and they will all be landed
here on cr before March 15. On the In
<!!sna. which left Manila on January 23.
ere 457 ?ick and insane soldiers; the Penn
sylvania sailed on January 2S with 15 offi
cers and <S7 men of the Thirty-sixth In
fantry; the Meade left Manila on Febru
ary : with the Eleventh Cavalry, consist
'.r.p r • z\ ofHcfrs and 5G2 men and 107 sick
sr.'i Insane soldiers and 43 general prison
ers The Buford sailed four days later
with CS cffieeis and £53 men of the Twenty
ppvpr.th Infantry, and the Hancock and
Kilparrirk left on February 17, the flrst-
Tiamed vece^i carrying the Thirtieth In
fant ry p.nd CS general prisoners, and the
latter CS5 pick and S Insane soldiers.
Preparation! are being made at the Pre
fidlo for the reception of these men. every
available bit of space beinir utilized for
the location of camps. The Thirty-seventh
will be disposed of in a day or so, the
work on the necessary mustering blanks
b*=lng almost completed. The departure
r>t th»» first battalions of the Twenty-sixth
and Twenty-peventh regiments for Man
ila has left a number of tents unoccupied
*nd It is not expected that any difficulty
will be experienced In accommodating the
returning heroes.
In addition to the volunteers two battal
toM p* the Tenth Infantry and two
Fjr^aflronF of the Second Cavalry— about
BD»incn~gr« rxpected here within the
next two wr-oks. The stay of the last
mentioned tmop«= -win be short, however
us they are under orders to nroceed tn
Manila in the first available transport
Acting Assistant Surgeon Hcnrv \t
Hall has bren assigned to temporary duty
at the Oeneral Hospital, and Acting aV_
Fistar.t Surgeon F. C. Jackson has bee !
assigned to Alcatraz, awaiting transno-
raticn abroad.
Six Transports Speeding
Over Ocean Laden With
Volunteers.
MANILA HEROES
HOMEWARD BOUND
Emotional Situations Grandly'Portrayed by Great French
P Woman Bring Audience to High Pitch of Enthusiasm,
and the Piece Is, So Far, the Success of the Season
Yf XT T/HETHER Sardoumade the dl
\\ \\ / vine Sarah, or the divine Sarah
\\/\\/ —which seems the more prob-
V V able— made 'Sardou, is an old
question, perhaps not possible
cf answer, but that their ruling inspira
tions accord as the hand to the glove Is
demonstrated whenever Bernhardt gives
I Sardou to the adoring multitude. Last
i night she was feen in "La Tosca" for the
j first time in her own proper metier, the
I exotic emotionalism of the modern French
i school, and the crowded house at Mofos
i co's testified its appreciation of her return
to her legitimate -environment in unmis
takable terms. Curtain call after curtain
call greeted the groat French woman, as
ore astounding emotional climax after an
othor was reached, and so far "La Tosca"
Is the success i*f the season. But it were
r.o matter of genius to prophesy a like re
ception for •'Camllle" to-night. The play
Is pitched In the same key, and It is the
leit-motif of Bernhart, her ruling impulse.
| that for which her name stands and the
domain In which Ehe Is undoubtedly the
greatest of all living actresses.
"La Tosca" is not a pretty play. It Is
melodramatic jn a degree to satisfy the
humblest frequenter of Morosco's in Its 10
cent day?, but offers superb opportunity
to the Interpreter of the name role. La
Tosca is a prlma donna attached to the
Italian court, petted, spoiled and wor
shiped and In 'ove with an artist. Count
Mario, who through affording shelter to
a "republican. ' Angelottl, has laid him
self open to the charge of treason.
Scarpia. chief of police of the Roman
Government, is also in love with L*
Tosca, and contrives to arouse her Jea:
nusy of Mario with intent to discover
both the hiding place of the artist and
of Angelottl. He succeeds In his purpose
and too late La Tosc-a discovers his per
fidy. A splendid scene occurs where the
discovered lovers are trying to conceal
the whereabouts of Angelotti. who has
hidden himself In an old well, and Scarpia,
while causing Mario to be tortured in an
outside room, compels La Tosca to wit
ness his ageny. tempting her to confess
the refugee's hiding jlace with a promise
of her lover's safety. Then occurs a mar
velously rendered struggle between her
love for her lover and faith to the un
fortunate republican, but her love con
quers and Mario is brought In bleeding
from his tortures only to see his frlenJ
brought in dead from the hiding place
where he had kille 1 himself rather than
he taken alive. This net— the third— closes
with Mario reproaching La Tosca with
his friond's death.
The fourth scene, the strongest of the
play, is laid in the private room of S**ar
pia. To him coim\s La Tosca. pleading
for her lover's life. Scarpia promises to
grant her request on one condition — that
Fhe will become his mistress. Ljt Tosca.
distracted by the sight of the gibbet
which Scarpia points out to her as her
lover's fate, consents and Scarpia orders
that Mario be shot, but at the s<ame time
pretends to order the use of guns loaded
only with powder. He Instructs that
Mario feign death and that his sweet
heart convey him secretly away after
ward. La Tosca demand; a safe conduct
for her lover and horself and after It Is
written, overcome by hatred of the wretch
Scarpia. stabs him In the back and es
capes to her lover. The last scene reveals
the double treachery of Searpia. The
guns were loaded and La Tosca's lover
is dead«
Berr.hardt In the role revealed all the
famed perfections of her art. The de
lightful persiflage in the first act. its ex-.
quisite. delicate coquetries, feline graces,
the pomp and passion — here indeed she Is
the divine Sarah.
Coquelin's Scarpia was the height and
depth and breadth of all naturalness. He
was the scoundrel himself, and it was a
revelation of highest art. M. Deneubourjc
was an admirable Caveradossl. fulfilling:
all the exacting requirements of the part,,
and M. Dara as Schlarrcne was a pleas
ing rascal.
"Camllle" will be given to-night, and
the management announces a lecture bv
M. Coquelin this afternoon on "L'Art et
le Comedien" at Sherman-Clay Hall.
Tivoli.
It was a graceful and a generous act
on the part of Mr. Wheelan last night,
when, on his being called before the cur
tain, he took eo small a meed of praise
for himself and gave so large a portion
to Ferris Hartman. To the audience that
would not be denied the speech It so
loudly called for. Mr. Wheelan expresso-1
his thanks for the genuinely Callfornlan
welcome was accorded him mfter an
absence so short, and then said that to
Mr. Hartman was due all the praise for
the excellent manner in which "The
Wizard of the Nile" had been put upon
the stage. Then the audience, applauded
louder and more persistently than ever
until Ferris came out and embraced h's
brother comedian. "The Wizard" has
been seen here before, but never In better
shape. It was splendidly costumed and
set and there was neither hitch nor mls.<
key to mar the excellent performance.
There was not a vacant seat in the house
and it was raining small pitchforks out
side. Maud Williams, Annie Meyers and
Bernice Holmes sustained the leading
female roles and sang the music very ac
ceptably. Mr. Hartman has a nestful of
new gags and local hits that are as taic
ing a? they are original. "The Wizard."
with the present company, is good for
more than the one week for which it is
billed.
Orpheum.
Gullle. the tenor, has before gained the
npplause of San Franciscans: now. at the
Orpheum. singing the first song of many
a "fete rellgeuse," "The Palms," he de-
MESSENGER RILEY
CREMATES MONEY
Wins $1600 on the Races
and Takes His Comrades
Along Wine Route. C;
Everybody was living easy In the offlca
of the California Special Messenger Ser
vice office last night, and it was all due
to the munificence of William Riley, one
of the blue-coated mercuries... Riley- vl«-
Ited the races at Tanforan yesterday and
mands their homage. And this Is ac
corded him. His rendition of "The Ro
mance," from "Les Huguenots." and the
aria from "Aida" are not less pleasing,
but "The Palms" Is, for the Inspiration It
offers, foremost. The Dumonds, "French
street musicians." are offered the full
support of the audience. Dorothy Stude
baker (Mrs. Scott McKeown) pleased her
audience, which was generous In Its ap
plause. The Kelcey Sisters, among the
new faces presented, are the originators
of a bright sketch. George Austin Moore,
the character vocalist: Al and' Mamie An
derson, colored vaudeville performers, and
Johnnie Johns, monologise, complete an
excellent bill.
Alcazar.
"What Happened to - Jones" drew a
large audience to the A'.cazar Theater
last night notwithstanding the rain, anil
the^ clever and amusing farce went with a
snap. The major part of the audience wes
convulsed with laughter almost from,start
to finish. All the parts were most cVedir
ably filled. Joseph Kilgour as Jonc3
proved that he ranks high as a comedian.
His portrayal of the character will com
pare favorably with that of Harry Cor
pon Clarke, who has made it a specialty.
George Webster was inimitable as Pro
fessor Goodly. He nlaved the part with
consistency and did not miss .a point.
Howard Scott as the Bishop and Kdwln T.
Emery "as Richard were excellent. -Miss
J,!la Convere was bright and charming as
Cissy, and Miss Ida Banning In her old
part of Alvina was as amuslne as ever.
Miss Ada Lewis made a decided hit as
Helma. the Swedish servant. The other
characters were ably sustained.
Alhambra.
"Uncle Josh Spruceby" will be the card
all this week at the Alhambra. This will
be followed by Al G. Field's Minstrels for
a week's engagement, commencing next
Sunday afternoon. Al G. Field is one of
the funniest black-face artists in the pro
fession and has surrounded himself this
season with one of the best minstrel or
ganizations yet seen on this coast.
Central.
The first performance of "Chlmmle Fad
den" at the Central Theater. drew quite
a large house, despite the inclemency of
the weather. The people in the cast pre
sented a very good version of Townsend's
story.. Effle Darling enacted the part of
Fannie Van Courtland, and the Duchess
of Fay Courtney was pleasing. Margaret
Marshall as Mrs. . Murphy took well.
returned, as he said himself, "with money
enough to start a crematory." lie imme
diately started showing his mates how
easy it was to "be a sport," and the par
takers of his liberality say Riley is "the
best that ever."
Accompanied by "Houligan" Schled.
"Fighting Jim" Coakley, "Billy Brady"
Oudet, "Broker" Peck and "Brute" Mc-
Bride, a selected coterie of "warm ones,"
he went the route. Riley remembered his
nteam beer days and threatened to "do"
the boy who called for "south-of-the-slot
booze." All the swell saloons on the line
were visited by the ; festive band and
Rlley's generosity knew no limit. Wine
at $5 a throw was the proper thing, and
the messenger with money to burn threw
often. ¦
Jm?t to show how little he cared for the
bookies' money. Riley- sent his compan
ions back to the office, stepped Into a
nearby . saloon, - ordered a bottle off the
ice. rang up his own office for two boys,
and In a tone that made the bartender
think he -wan . hypnotized ¦ ordered . him to
tell- the- messengers :.to j go to .a < certain
room and bring' a trunk • they , would .find
there to the Palace Hotel. .Slipping out
before the boys, arrived. ¦* the. only^Klley
went to the room and fixed, up '¦ a trunk
that weighed about 200:pounds.. . ¦¦¦¦
,The boys came and .after considerable
tugging and groaning succeeded in getting
the heavy trunk down' stairs. .How c .toge:
It: to the Palace was; a. matter, of consid
erable moment, but .visions of.: a large
sized tip urged on; the ; messengers,; and
after numerous rests they . succeeded in
reaching the hostelry.; There was.no one
.living at the hotel of th« name marked on
the trunk and the boys, were In;a'quan
dary. The phone rang, and the' message
received was. "Send the two boys with tho
trunk up to the messenger office on O'Far
rell street.'.' The thought of packing. thnt
heavy, trunk that distance brought curses
loud and deep from the. perspiring mes
senger)*, but they pluckily undertook* the
task. -They, had hardly got. within peach
ing distance of the office when they were
startled with wlldyells and loud; guffaws,
that told them they were :theivlct!ms:of
a little pleasantry on'the-part -of vRiley. 1
AH Forts of- threats were made." but' tho
boys. finally took the joke good-naturedly
and also a 510 piece fronv their lucky com-
Riley won $1600 in all
Seenis to "Be in a Satisfactory
Way for Settle
ment.
Quiet Strike, Involving Many Men.
Ncs'ly "-50 tfamr-tTJ employed in grad
ing c irjis pro out en strike against the
timirr of Inlw^r. the wap?s they receive
C"d -he food thst iF furnished them at the
companies' boariiBK-btnuxa. The Inter
national Team Drivers' Association met
last Bight at 1158 Mission street and <l!s
cvrsed the situaticn.
The hour? of labor are from daylight to
Cark. no matter what may be the condi
tion of the weather. The horses must be
fel before pcing to work. This means an
early srisir.g. Then they must be cared
for for the r.ijrht. Fourteen or fifteen
hrurs cf the day are consumed in this
Banner. This service was paid for at a
p«r dkn cf Jl To to J2 23. so the boss
contractors were asked to reduce the time
and increase the wages to $2 and $2 25 per
day.
Sorr.e of the contractors capitulated soon
fctter the strike. Word was sent to the
errployraent agencies asking for new
men. New applicants were met near the
grading camps by members of the union
n id Informed of the condition of affairF.
A.though no open breach of the peace
was committed, the police were called
' J pon. Their services were not needea.
as moral suasion was the onlv weapon
used.
ith this large number of men out the
contractors were In a dilemma, and one
after another they capitulated. Con-
Tractors Oassaretto. Sihley. McClurf. Sul
livan. O^Day. Mshor.ry, " Plllon. Puclos,
Creely, Quinn. Dolaney and !>>nnon soon
Fifned the fcfiieement, but a f^w of the
larger and stronger :irm< still hold out.
-One of the srri^vancos of the men is
<hat employment aerencirs arc sending
eut untried men to the boycotted camps.
Th*»«e men pay the off.ee fee and when
they reach the place wrfaere they expect
To obtain employment they are informed
there is nothing for them to do. hut do
not get their fees back. The boarding
hnupe camp, with it5 unsanitary condi
tions. 1? a pr^nt prievarice.
At tbe mretirs last ntghi President John
Tl. Harper r»<?ivf'i reports from thos»
moft int^r^stp'1. Th<» Ffntlmont was ex-
Tre5S*d that th.^ Mrik" would be of short
duration. Vi.'e President R. Thane?,
Tre^urpr John Sullivan. Financial S«?c
r^iary M. I>ni<->n. recording Secretary J.
Ilu'-iope ar:<J Sersoan: at Arms Patrick
K^ilv toUl rif their efforts and expres.'fO
th* belief thnt the strike would be soon
ended.
TEAMSTERS WANT
SHORTER HOURS
9 ..
Belter Sanitary Conditions
in Grading Camps Also
Demanded.
The bill prescribing general rules and
standard specifications for street and side
walk work and limiting the use of various
kinds of pavements was finally passed by
the Board of Supervisors yesterday. Reed
objected to the passage of the bill, as it
excluded wooden pavements' from the
schedule. He argued that such pavements
would minimize the slipping' of horses
thereon.
"We should not exclude a recognized
pavement which has stood the test in Eu
rope and Eastern cities," said Reed.' "We
have been subjected to a bituminous rock
ring for years and the exclusion of wood
en pavements will strengthen that ring."
Commissioner Manson stated that the
Board" of Works did not feel justified in
recommending wooden pavements, but
would do so after a more thoroueh In
vestigation had been made. Wooden pave
ments, he said, were successful only In
places where there was constant rainfall
and consequent moisture.
The ordinance prohibiting the manufac
ture and sale of any baneful or deleteri
ous food adulterant was finally passed. .
The ordinance authorizing the repavlng
of Pine street, from Sansome to Battery
with asphalt, at a cost of $2575, was finally
passed. i
The ordinance submitted by the Mer
chants' Association and designed to per
mit of the construction of advertising
signs of various classes, including elec
tric and. other signs, was deferred, one
week. Reed said that the City Attorney
had advised the board that it had no pow
er to grant permits for permanent en
croachments under the charter provisions.
He moved the bill's reference to the City
Attorney, but the motion was lost.
The City Engineer was directed to ar
range a conference with the Harbor Com
mission In order to flx a permanent monu
ment as an official base to which refer
ence may be given for the establishment
of grades In this city and county.
The ordinance regulating the use of pub
lic streets for the purpose of placing
therein pipes and other conduits in sup
plying water, gas and electricity for light
ing purposes was passed to print.
The stationery clerk was authorized to
provide the Justices of the Peace. District
Attorney and Superior Judges with cer
tain law books. .
The bill requiring indemnity bonds from
owners of advertising fences was deferred
one week. Brandensteln explained that
the bill was illegal and he would present
a substitute In its stead.
The amended . ordinance granting the
Bay and Coast Railway Company a fran
chise to enter the* city at Twenty-fourth
and Illinois streets, with, certain condi
tions imposed thereon, was rereferred to
the Street Committee to give President
Kimball of the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs an opportunity to be
heard in opposition.
An ordinance making it a misdemeanor
to defraud a hack driver was referred to
the Judiciary Committee. The ordinance
was introduced at the request of the
Hackmen's Union. .
The attention of the Chief of Police and
the Board of Health was directed to the
alleged violation by the Preservallne Pre
servative Company of the ordinance pro
hibiting the sale of milk to which any
foreign substance has been added. This
action is the result.of the statement made
In open board by the attorney of tho com
pany that "preservaline" is largely used
to sterilize milk.
BOAED OF .WORKS IS
¦X' REDUCING EXPENSES
In Order to Keep Within A.ppropria-
tion Number of Laborers Tem
porarily Suspended. , -
In order to keep within Its appropriation
and continue to supply places for high
salaried employes the Board of Public
Works yesterday decided that it could dis
pense with a large number of laborers
and effect a saving of nearly 13000 a
month. - t
Consequently ten laborers, three pavers,
three rammers, two bricklayers and two
helpers, four underground workers, five
teams and four carts were laid off. The
men were informed that it was necessary
to save at least $100 per day, and were as
sured that their suspension was only tem
porary. The laid off men, however, think
differently.
Proper certification was made to the
Civil Service Commission as to the reason
for the lay-on*.
"The downtown streets have never been
in better condition than they are to-day,"
said Commissioner Magulre. "We have to
keep within the appropriation, and that i.s
all there Is to it. The men are only laid
off temporarily, and may be employed
again during the fiscal year."
Board Adopts Asphalt and
Bitumen in Standard
Specifications.
Food Adulterants Placed Under Ban.
Opposition to Proposed Fran
chise of Bay and Coast
.KOflu.
WOODEN PAVING
IS EXCLUDED
SARAH BERNHARDT RESPONDS
TO MANY RECALLS IN "LA TOSCA"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1901.
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT IN THE CHARACTER OF LA TOSCA, IN
M'HICH THE GREAT FRENCH ACTRESS APPEARED LAST NIGHT
AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
.SEATTLE. Feb.- IS.— The /steamer Faralloa
brings advices from Skaguay ¦¦ that Wliriam
Oxllvle's resignation as Governor of the Yukon
Dtrtrict * is announced In a dlfjatch to the
SkasuayNews.
; LOS ¦ ANGELES, j Feb. ,' 1?.— Manuel ¦; O:f ,T«Ie-.
vlas,*' who-' shot'' and killed 'his , former • business
partner. • Benjamin -Perez, i last. No/fern ber.v was
aciulttrd. of-the charge of. murder* by the' lury
this* evening. r ;*.^- ¦;.". . . >-¦.*;.•
St. Joseph's Society Entertains.'
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
~Gran-9olTeofil!sso!T*s Stricture like »now t*»
neath tno win, reduces Enl»rjc<t Prostate ao4
•trengthcos the Semi nal Ducts, stopping Drains &atf .
Emissions In fifteen Days.
No Azuk* to rnln the itomach. bot » direct loesl
, n j positlTe application totheentlreuretbraltrao*
Gran-SolTont Is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
the form of Crayons or Penctls. smooth and Seilftl*
tad to narrow as to pass the closest Mricturo.
. Evtry Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James Assn.. Uox K"4. Cincinnati. O.. baa
¦npared at treat expense an exhaust- Pftppf
We illustrated Treatise upon tfce male L U L L |
Srt«m. which tb*» will send to * n 7inLtl
¦lal* applicant. " ¦¦¦•¦•¦
ST. JAMES ASSN., .^c^nn^ilohto.
PILES
Any on* knows and knowa when cared. W«
have offered a reward of $25 for '4 years her»
In Ia* Angeles to anyone with Pltes who could
not be cured with 1 box of Verus Pile Cure.
and not one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer -and will pay any one sufferlns
with Piles $50 who cannot b« cured with Verua
Pile Cure. Our record shows over 10,000 cured.
Write for information. Perhaps we bare your
neighbor's testimonial. Price iZ. postpaid.
VERBS PILE CUBE CO., Eooa 226, Wilson Bli
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO.. Wholesale and
Retail Druggists. Agts.. Fourth and
6prlng Sts.. Los Angeles. Cal.
TbB best Whiskey mads in ScctlanU
ANDREW USHER
0. V. G.
AND
SPECIAL RESERVE
' Is U rttala»4 ti» World btm of Wla»
WLUAM WOLFF & CO., sas fbuicbjo
1 PACiriC CO*ST AOINTS
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Watep.
" 0, if my mother were only alive."
How frequently young mothers use this expression !
All through her life she has known a mother's watchful
She is now a mother herself and gains in strength but
slowly.' '
I She would give worlds to do everything for her precious
babe, but cannot.
That tiny babe has unfolded in the young mother's heart
new emotions ; she has a living responsibility, and requires
strength to enable her to perform a loving duty. At such a
/time too much care cannot be taken, and the greatest
assistant that nature can have is Lydia E. Piirkliam's
Vegetable Comp<miid. -il V
The birth of the first child is an especially trying expe-
rience and nature needs all the help it can cret. A happy,
healthy young mother is a delight to herself and all who
know her, and Mrs. Pinkham's medicine will build her up a3
nothing else can.
• Read Mrs. Johnson's Letter for Proof.
|| i " Dear Mrs- Piskham: — For some time I have
. £&& thought of •writing' to you to let you know of the
« ure-IPreL great benefit I have received from the use of
-P<S3^Hss|l Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Soon
/3|p22g£fe|MJ@5^ after the birth of my first child I commenced to
Ssr have trouble. Every month I prev,- worse, and at
f& '*iP?3k * ast DCcame so art that 1 found I was gradually
fr^ p»-»s^Kj!fc'*iy losing my mind. The doctors treated me for fe-
j ¦*? -li ffiff male troubles, but I got no better. One doctor
A JeL \x>\& me' that I would be insane. I was advised by
\ «4*m - Jah a friend to give your medicine a trial, and before
V*"' * **?** taken all of the first bottle my neighbors
_ ! _0^»3 5 <<OT*£iJ*_ " noticed the change in me. I have now taken five
bottles and cannot find words suflicient to praise
Wfui'^iii 1*^1^ *** * a d y i se anv "'Oman who is suffering from any
•£lff> g "/t "¦&"'< \ T^v§^ female weakness to pive it a fair trial. I thank
[I i *\ M. .lOIINSOX, 503 E. Walnut St., Hillsboro, Tex.
$BQJ X&X MSk. rflf*! W% B™ Aff A W% W% Owing *° the f act that some skeptical
D^ bTj ET3 flni DC k ttf nlll| people have from time to time questioned
¦Uv • H M Ifl K3 C iBLa tff MIlU the genuineness of :he testimonial letters
jnH m| HI KJ SI Fj 5r3 we are constantly publishing, we hav:
B ||H HW Jg| m deposited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mas*.. $-,.ooo.
fli LI Kj ri* &3 IS m\ is9 »hich will be paid to »ny person whn wilt show thai the above
W.C9 r&*«i (cUlIf w***9 testimonial U not ginuine, or was pnbli^hrd b? fore <htain;n? the
\jgj \2£f X£y \g£? writer's special perm:tsion.—I,TDiA £. PlXKHAM MsoiCUfB Co.The audacious cleverness with which Chinese have
perjured themselves before the legislative investi
gators gives strength to the opinion of one of our
police officials that the coolies are in many instances
superior in craft to'their white adversaries. ;
The women of the town of Vermilion, in South
Dakota, have been spreading terror among the saloon
keepers in imitation of Mrs. Nation. The ladies might
have spared themselves the effort to paint the town a
fiery hue and let its name speak for itself.
While Connecticut is trying to adopt the whipping
post method of deterring husbands from beating
their wives Rhode Island is trying to amend her di
vorce laws so that wives cannot so easily slip out of
the 'control of their husbands; ." and thus does the
pendulum of reform in New Englinti swing back and
forth and make no progress. . v /-,•;.-— '
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
DOUBLE PEDRO— C. J. R., Napa, Cal.
In a game of double pedro the count on>
the last play Is high, low, jack and pedro.
Whoever has the cards in ttat order goes
out. :;>:-'.¦¦/„ -'i.
PEOPLED HOME SAVINGS BANK-
D. B., Coulterville. Cal. Up to the 11th of
August. 1900, the People's Home Savings
Bank in liquidation had paid dividends
amounting to 37 per cent. •
FIRST CABLE CARS— Constant Head
er, City. The first cable passenger cars
were operated In San Francisco. It was
the Clay-street line which was started Au
gust 1. 1S73, by Andrew Hallldle, the In
ventor.
ELECTRIC TOWER-H. R. D., San
Jose, Cal. It is claimed that the Eiffel
tower in Paris. France, is the highest in
the world, and that the one that will be
used at the Pan-American Exposition that
Is to open In Buffalo, N. Y., next May is
next highest.
. CANDLE GREASE— J. F.. Oakland. Cal.
To remove spots of spermaceti or candle
grease from woolens, scrape off as much
of the grease with a knife as possible,
then lay a piece of soft white blotting
paper upon th© spot, or spots, and press
the paper with a warm iron. By repeat
ing this the spermaceti will be drawn out.
Afterward rub the cloth where the spot
was, or spots were, with very soft brown
ish paper.
CALITOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW TORK, Feb. 13.— The following
Californians" are In New Tork: From San
Francisco— F. Clinton, at the St. Nicholas;
H. Doyle and wife. Miss Doyle, at the Im
perial; H. Franklin. H. W. Goodall and
wife, at the Holland; J. B. Greenbock, C.
J. Hills, at the Imperial; G. Martin and
wife, at the- Astor; Miss Herlberg, at tho
Hollaed; P. L. Pettigrew, at the Ven
dome.
pany to a board of control, whose presi
dent represented Indian affairs in the
House of Commons. The charter was re
newed from time to time and each re
newal was marked by further develop
ments of territorial authority. The out
come of a succession of wars involved the
direct annexation or the indirect sub
ordination of native states under the form
of protectorates, iln 185S, after the ter
rible mutiny, the. policy embodied in
Pitt's "India bill" was carried out to its
conclusion. The board of control was
(superseded bv the Secretary of State and
the' Council for India, and all the politi
cal rights of the company were trans
ferred to the crown. Finally, in Ian, at
Delhi— the old Imperial city— the Queen of
Great Britain and Ireland was proclaimed
"Empress of India"— "Kaisar-i-Hind.
Thus all India became the inalienable
heritage of the British monarchy.
How India Is Governed.
The Secretary of State for India is the
representative of her Majesty's Govern
ment. He has absolute control of all for
eign policy affecting India. He also con
trols the expenditure of the Indian reve
nues and in all matters he can impose his
orders upon the Indian Government. All
the higher government appointments-re
quire his approval.
He is assisted by a council, consisting of
ten members, nine of whom must have
served in India for the ten years im
mediately preceding their appointment.
Thev hold office for ten years and must
not "be members of either house of the
British Parliament. Subject to the con
trol of the Secretary of State, the su
preme executive authority in India is the
Governor General in Council —in which
name all acts of the Government of India
run. He is appointed directly by the sov
ereign and holds office for five years. The
Governor General, or "Viceroy" as he Is
commonly called, has the power of veto
in all matters, whether executive or legis
lative. He unites in his person the at
tributes of a constitutional monarch and
the powers of a Prime Minister. The
Governor General Is assisted by the
Executive Council of five members, with
the addition of the commander in chief
of the forces in India. The Governors of
provinces are ex offlcio; members of the
council whenever it meets within their
several administrations. All these high
officials.must.be of British nationality.
The council is really 'a sort of cabinet of
the Viceroy. The matters principally
dealt with are: (1) Affairs connected with
foreign policy; (2) direct, administration;
(3) authorization of business to be trans
acted by the legislative, council.
The legislative council consists of ten to
twenty members — official and non-official.-
British and natives are alike eligible. Its
functions are generally the making of
laws and regulations, . the supreme direc
tion of revenue and expenditures and leg
islation In general. Its acts are published
in -the -Gazette, of -India.;- » ¦ .
The "Central Bureau, so called, Is the
secretariat of the i supreme Government
of India. - The . seven . secretaries are re
spectively: House/ Foreign. Revenue and
Agriculture, Trade ; and Commerce,* Mili
tary Affairs; Public Works and the Legist
latlve Council. -From it issue orders to
regulate v' administration *.and to it are
made reports from the provinces. V
Government of the Provinces.
British ; India is divided "into ' thirteen
provinces or;! administrations: Madras
and > Bombay,' whose • Governors - are ap
pointed ? by the J Secretary of State;
gal, northwest, with Oudh; . the Punjab
and Burma, which have Lieutenant I Gov
ernors appointed by the '-'Governor-Gene
ral , in Council" ; Assam, Coorg, Beluchi
stan. Berar,:Ajmere, Merwara. the Central
province ; ; and s the "Andaman , Islands ' are
under Chief Commissioners appointed by
the' "Governor, General in Council." :
All these ; f nnctionarles . have provincial
councils 7 '" constituted Mike .the • supreme
council. . 1 They.: enjoy, a considerable
amount of administrative . and financial
without distinction of any kind. All
Deputy Magistrates and Assistant Col
lectors are natives.
The unit of administration throughout
British India is the district, at the head
of which is an executive officer who is
styled collector magistrate or deputy
commissioner. Upon the ability and en
ergy of this official depends ultimately
the efficiency of British rule In India. His
functions are twofold: (1) To collect rev
enue; (2) to act as Judge in civil and
criminal suits, both of first instance and
appeal. The collector magistrate is a
sort ofhome secretary in miniature. His
aim is to set forth the benefits of paternal
and conciliatory government. Under his
immediate orders are education, dispen
saries, police, jails, sanitation, local tax
ation, etc. Every phase of the complex
racial and religious life of the native
comes before him and disputes of everj»
kind are submitted to his decision. He
is, in short (or long), lawyer, accountant,
surveyor, engineer, agriculturist, political
economist and compiler of state papers.
The work, moreover, of his subordinates,
whether British or native, depends upon
the stimulus of his personal emaxple.
Belations of British and Natives*.
There are in India (50 native states —
trreat and small. They are governed by
their own- princes and chiefs with the ad
vice and help of British residents, repre
senting the supreme Government of India.
Some of these rulers administer the In
ternal affairs of their respective states
with almost complete independence. Their
authority, however,- is limited by their
Individual treaties and engagements. The
suzerain power does not allow them to go
to war with one another nor to form al
liances with foreign powers, and It Inter
venes in cases of bad government or op
pression, exercising a general control in
the direction of peace and contentment.
These feudatory rulers possess revenues
and armies. The gross Income of the
princes of India' is £15.000,000 ($75,000,000),
the sum of their tribute is £600,000 ($3,000!
er annum, and they maintain In all
80,000 native troops in addition to those
they furnish for the Imperial service.
The relations between British and na
tives are perfectly amicable, so long as
there is. no Interference with the native
religious observances or with the native
women. All are equal before the law. A
native can earn exactly the same wage
as a British workman. Under British
rule iife^ and property are alike safe.
Taxes and dues are the same for all. But
Inasmuch as . Europeans have a far
greater capacity for work than the na
tives and are able to do more work in a
snorter time, a consciousness of superior
ity sometimes produces arrogance, which
is a fruitful source of racial disputes.
Justice is administered by the \ high
courts of the various provinces, and is
based upon:' (1) The enactments* of the
legislative councils; (2) the statutes of the
mVu h x£ a !i Uamen V a PPHcable to India;
(31 the HInduand • Mohammedan laws of
inneritance and domestic economy: (4)
the jlaws -of caste and race. There is an
Indian penal, code.
London, England
:¦» With. respect to the terms "Government
or t or VIndlan Government" it
should be remembered that they stand for
the- "constitution" of the Imperial Gov
ernment, and In no sense mean % slmply the
Ministry or the administration for the
time being. \ •
' (Note— Next .Tuesday will appear a
Pr§vlnce°")^ Urma: A J T *P. Ical - In <"an
THE RISING TIDE.
ONE of the good results of unlimited debate in
the Senate is that the hours occupied by some
members in making speeches to which no one
listens afford other members an opportunity to thor
oughly digest the mass of legislation before them and
to discover what the total amounts to. An illustra
tion of the benefits thus derived is to be seen in the
present attitude of the Senate toward the various ap
propriation bills. Measures that passed the House
without much attention being paid to them have
been held up in the Senate long enough for the eco
nomists of that body to determine what would be the
I result of adopting them.
The Washington Post recently reported a discus-
I sion in the Senate brought about by an inquiry of
i Senator Morgan concerning the total amounts of the
! appropriations of the session up to that time. The re
! port says:
j At first, replying Indefinitely that the amount would
I be from S30.000.000 to $10,000,000 more than last year. Ben
i ator Allison was pressed for a more specific answer.
I "The general appropriations will, I think," he said,
i "reach i75Q.000.000 this year."
"I should say." interrupted Mr. Hale, "that they will
be nearer $800,000,000 than $700,000,000.' •
Senator Allison agreed that when appropriations of
every character were considered the total would reach
from $769,000,000 to $780,000,000. "I think they will be fully
as high as that," commented Mr. Hale.
"I have no doubt they will be $760,000,000," repeated
Mr. Allison.
"We have not found any place where we could cut
off anything," said llr. Hale. "The tide, immensely
swollen heretofore, Is more swollen and turbid."
"And Btill rising," added Senator Spooner.
"And etlil rising," echoed Mr. Hale.
"And rapidly rising." suggested Mr. Allison.
I "And rapidly rising," repeated Mr. Hale. "And," he
! added, "the country knows nothing about it. We wero
I shocked at the idea of the billion-dollar Congress, and
I before we know it* we will have a billion-dollar session."
A short time before that colloquy took place.Senator
Gallinger had introduced a resolution calling for the
appointment of a joint committee of both houses for
the purpose of making careful inquiry and investiga-,
tion inta special pension legislation. In closing his
three minute speech on the resolution Senator Gal
linger said:. "What I want to emphasize is that in
my judgment the. 3000 and more bills that will come
to the Committee on Pensions of the Senate in the
present Congress will be doubled in the next Con
gress and probably trebled in the Congress that will
succeed the next unless something is done to check
the evil. There is a movement on foot all over the
country to flood Congress with requests for pension
legislation, and the soldiers are being led to believe
that it is not only a proper thing to do, but that it is
the easy way for. them to get their pensions all-owed
and increased, ; .•;
Congress has, in fact, been voting money in the
dark. Representatives of all parties and of all States
have been equally blamable in the matter. For
I great measures such as the promotion of irrigation in
tlie arid States and the upbuilding of the American
merchant marine it has been found impossible to get
money; but for small matters, like the improvement
of Buncombe Creek, cr the granting of ill-conside-ed
pensions, appropriations have been prompt. Thus
while there has been no very large appropriation car
ried in any. one bill the aggregate; runs up close on
to the billion dollar mark for a single session.
The United States, is a vast country and its people
are rich. The affairs of such a nation cannot be car
ried on successfully by any, . cheese-paring policy.
There must be large expenditures for large measures.
The people would not object to a billion dollar ses
jsion if the money were wisely expended, but to -have
CHINflMEN IN LONDON.
WHILE Count von Waldersee at the head of the
armies of allied Christendom is invading China
with drums and gfcns and all the pomp and
circumstance of glorious war the Chinese are quietly
invading Europe in the humble guise of workingmen
and without any parade at all. Already they have ap
peared in London -in sufficient numbers to create a
good deal of discussion in the press. Quite a colony
of them have been brought to that city to wck in
laundries, and fears are being expressed as to the out
come.
The London Chronicle in reviewing the problem
recently said: "A Chinese native can live so cheaply,
by reason of the quality and quantity* of food he re
quires, that he can afford to undersell the white
worker, and without doubt he will do it. That is,
after all, but human nature the world over. Since h»
is an excellent laundrynian, punctual, and never loses
articles intrusted to him, it is. obvious that the Celes
tial will thrive. Every fresh batch of coolies which
the English promoters of- the Chinese laundry import
will, on the expiration of contract, pass on into the
market in the same manner, a process which logically
must end in one way, unless, of course, there is some
external - intervention."
It is only in late years that the Chinese working
classes have found their way to Europe, but, having
found it, a great many of them may be expected to
seek to profit by it. It has already been noted that
thousands of Chinese have engaged as laborers on the
Siberian railroad. It is inevitable that when that road
is completed many of them will find it a means of
entering European Russia, aod thence to West
ern Europe will be an easy step for the workers. Thus
Europe will be exposed to the Chinese invasion on
both sides, and the yellow immigrants will pour in
through the free ports of Great by way cf
the sea and through Russia by way of the Siberian
railway.
It is worth noting in this connection that the China
men of London have already taught the courts of that
city the Chinese disrespect for an oath. Thus the
Westminster Gazette recently said: "The Chinese!
witness who was called at Marlborough-street
Police Court yesterday took the oath by breaking a
saucer, which seems to be the usual method - for
Celestials in courts in this country.- Yesterday's wit
ness was presumably more particular than a China
man who once appeared 5 to give evidence at Bow
street. He was politely consulted as to the method
in which he would prefer to be sworn. 'Oh/ said he,
with a fine eclecticism, 'kill 'im cock, break 'im plate,
smell. 'im book, all samey!' " . ,
The Von Waldersee invasion with its cannons and
its military glories will make more noise than the
silent advance of the Chinese invasion, but in the end
the victory "may be with' the silent marchers. The
spoliation of China has been utterly unjust from any
and every point of view, and if the spoliation be car
ried too far it may rcsultin a famine in China that
will force the people of that. country to spread abroad
over Asia and Europe, and then the. white nations
will have reason to regret that they ever disturbed the
repose of the old kingdom.
The talk of an extra session of Congress has hurried
up the talk about the choice of a Speaker for the next
House of Representatives, but while several candi
dates for the position have been named there seems no
reason why Henderson should not begin preparing,
for an encore.
PERSONAL MENTION.
S. k. Griffith, an attorney of Fresno, ia
at the- Lick.
Dr. A. H. Sweeney of Fresno is a guest
at the Palace.
James F. Peck, an attorney of Merced.
is at the Lick.
T. P. Magee of Woodland 13 registered
at the California.
C. E. Lilly, a Santa Cruz attorney, la
at the California.
Harry Postlethwaite, a rancher of San
Jose, is at the Lick.
T. B. Bond. Superior Judge of Lake
port, is at the Grand.
Guy B. Barham, a capitalist of L03 An
geles, is at the Palace.
G. \V. Luce, a fruit shipper of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
John Sparks, a cattleman of Reno. Is
stoppine at the Palace.
W. H. McKenzie. an oil man of Fresno,
is registered at the Lick.
Emery W. Elliott, a mining, man of Vir
ginia City, is at the California. ' . > '
W. E. Leadbetter. a grain merchant of
Portland, Or.. 13 at the Palace.
"W. B, "Wheat, an oil man of Bakers
field, Is a guest at the Grand.
H. C. Mitchell, a rancher of Newcastle.
Cal., Is registered at th.e Grand.
J. W. Haxney, an attorney of Marys
ville, is registered at the Grand.
P. C. Sargent, a big land owner of Mon
terey, is a guest at the OccidentaL
L. J. Rose Jr.. a well-known horso
breeder of Oxnard, 13 at the- Palace.
C. E. Bretherton. the English barrister
who represents the English stockholders
In the Central Pacific Railroad, returned
to the city yesterday and registered at
the Palace.
MATRONS FOR JAILS.
BILLS have been introduced into the Legislature
by Senator Taylor and by Assemblyman Mc-
Wade providing for the appointment of a
matron in city and town jails where no such official
now exists. These measures are in the interests of
morality, decency and humanity, and merit the sup
port of the Legislature and the approval of the.Gov
ernor.
In one respect the bills differ. That of Senator
Taylor leaves the appointment of a matron optional
with the local authorities. It declares: "In all cases
where the appointment of matrons for city and town
jails and prisons is not now provided for by the law
the legislative board cr body of any city or town in
this State is hereby given jurisdiction and power to
appoint, * * * to fix her bond and compensation
and to specify the duties of such matron, whose du
ties shall relate especially to all necessary searching
of female prisoners and to their health, welfare and
reformation, the tenure of such matron to be at the
pleasure of such legislative board or body."
Assembly bill No. 723, introduced by Mr. Mc-
Wade, makes the appointment of a matron compul
sory by declaring: "In all cases where the office of
ir.atron of the jail or prison in and for any city and
town in this State is not now provided for by law the
office of matron of the jail or prison in and for such
city or town is hereby created." Section 2 of the bill
provides: "The legislative board or body of each
city or town referred to in section I of this act is
hereby authorized, empowered and directed to appoint
tnd provide for the compensation of a matron of the
jail or prison in and for the city and town of whuch
si:ch board or body is the governing board or body,
and to specify the conditions and fix the amount of
the matron's official bond to be approved by such
board or body."
Of the two bills that which leaves the appointment
optional with the local authorities is to be preferred.
In the first place it is always well to preserve local
stlf-government as far as possible, and in the second
place there are doubtless some towns in the State
where female prisoners are almost unknown and
where a matron is not a necessary official.
That question aside, both bills are excellent A
woman under arrest as a suspect or condemned to
imprisonment is entitled to the ministrations of an
official of her own sex. Mr. McWade's bill provides
that the matron "shall have free access at all rea
sonable times to the immediate presence of all fe
ir.ale prisoners, including the right of personal visi
tation and conversation with them, and in all cases
cf searching the person of female prisoners the
matron exclusively shall make such search; and the
matron shall, by example, advice, and admonition,
employ her best abilities to secure and promote the
health, welfare and reformation of all such prisone-s."
Every self-respecting man and woman will recog
nize the importance of such an official in our jails
sr.d prisons. It is, in fact, something of a disgrace
that in any important jail of the State no such offi
cial exists. It is to b; hoped, therefore, the measure
will be promptly enacted.
AURUNGZEB'S MOSQUE, BENARES.
independence and deal «r«tly with all
Drovlncial and local affairs under tne
sancuon^ of the "Governor General In
°Certain native states' are attached to
ea'cn'oi "the provinces or admin JstTations
Under the direction of the pro\lnciai
councils local government Is in opflration
In nearly 800 districts and municipalities.
"The local government of -India acts. 1SS-
4." extended the elective principle all o\er
India. Caste, unfortunately, prevents the
educated classes from furnishing leaders
and representatives of the people. A low
casto native can, however. "">«> easily
enter upon a political career, for he has
merely to become a Mohammedan ant*
then he Is equal to all. The local govern
ment boards have the control of roads,
water supply, drains, sanitation, markets,
etc. They may impose local taxes,.- ana
make by-laws. Up to a certain and speci
fied sum they may expend moneys .upon
public works. These districts are further
subdivided In "talukas"-sub-districts.
and "tahsils"— subdivisions. Throughout
the empire those districts and municipal
councils or committees — whose members
are elected for one year— contain a ma
jority of natives. In fact, all positions ex
cept the very highest offices of state are
open to British and to native alike and
(COPYRIGHT, 190L)
The British empire In India covers an
area of about 1,000,000 squaro miles. The
remainder of continental India— 700,000
square miles— la under native rulers, more
or less in subordination to the Indian
Government.
The total population of all India is near
ly 800,000,000, of which enormous number
about 70,000,000 belong to-the native states.
Upward of eighty languages are spoken
by the very manyand very various races,
tribes and caates. Somewhere about 200,
000,000 are Hindus and 60,000.000 Moham
medans, while Christians number only
about 3.000,000.
The history of India before the era of
British dominion bears marks of great
%ntlqulty and of conspicuous grandeur.
The Portuguese, the Dutch and the
French in turn tried their hands In the
conquest and government of India, and
each in turn failed. •
The Growth of British Authority.
The original charter of the British East
India Company was granted by Queen
Elizabeth In 1616. Pitt's "India bill" of
1784 transferred the direction of the com-
TUESDAY .' ..FEBRUARY 19, i°°i
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Altrtn All CeESBsic»Ueai to W. S. LEAKE. Manager. >.
>X iVACEll'Si OFFICE. ...... .TelffOlione Prefi IKVt
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. P.
Telephone Press £01.
EDITORIAL nOOMS 217 to 221 SteTenioa St.
Telephone Pre»» 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier*. IK Cent* Per Weelc
Slncl<- Coplen. » Cents.
Term* by Mull. Including Pontnc*"
EArLY CALL (Including Sunday), one year *»•«>
PAILY CALL (lnrludlr.* Sunday). 6 months »-W
FAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months *••«
r>ATLY CALL— By Single Month ™<j
SUNDAY CALL. One Year J'j~
WEEKLY CALL, On© Year l - m
All postma«ter« are authorized to receive
anbacriptiona.
Sample copJe« will be forwarded -when requested.
Mall racscrlbers In ordering chanpe of addres* should be
r*rtict:!ar to tfve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prempt and correct «x>mplianoe with their request.
OAKLiXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Eirtprr Foreign AtrtTtLsing. Marietta Bonding. Ctle*£».
<Ixmr Clstanc* Telephone "Central 1613.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: ' J
C C CABLTO.V. . . Herald Sanare
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEFHE5 B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bull diner
XEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentaao. a Union Bduare:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS BTANDS:
Ehermaa House: P. O. New« Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., If. W.
MORTON E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:33 o'clock. «3
McAllister open until S:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
5:S0 o'clock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
until 9 ocJock. 106 Eleventh, open until 8 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
CATTLE-GROWERS' CONVENTION.
rROM the convention of the Cattle-growers' As
sociation, which is to meet at Denver March 5.
much in the way of good not for the cattlemen
only but for the whole people of the country is to be
expected. The association was organized at Salt Lake
City last January because recent developments in the
cattle industry prove the imperative need of it. From
that industry the people draw one of their most im
portant food supplies, and it concerns the welfare of
all to conserve it and promote it. ,
In an address delivered at the meeting when the
association was organized Colonel John P. Irish said:
"I anticipate that as a result of this organization we
will not read in statistics in the future of a decline in
the number of head of cattle in' this country; we will
in the future see a rise in the cattle statistics; we .will
see an increase in the herd, and we will see above all
an advance in the breeding of cattle. We will have
not only more cattle, but we will have better cattle;
we will have better beef, and we will have more and
better people to eat the beef." .""- .
As an illustration of how necessary it is that some
effective system of promoting and protecting the .in
dustry be adopted Mr. J. S. Van Doran of New Mex
ico said: "I am from a section, of country where
twenty years ago a distance of 50 miles by 100 miles
sustained 50,000 head of cattle. To-day you can
not in that area count 800. It has been devastated by
improper handling of our grasses; the sheep have
been allowed to go over it and eat it to the roots. If
you remember the statistics in 1890, only a decade ago,
we had 589 head of cattle "to every 1000 inhabitants.
The recent census gives but 375 head of cattle to
every 1000 inhabitants. With our increased territories
and with the increased demand for foreign export
upon us what will be the result? It will be but a few
years — yes, even within the life of men of my age and
your age — that the poor man, the laborer and the
artisan will not be able to have beef on his table. It
will be a luxury."
It is to be noted, furthermore, that the organizers
aim to make the association a thoroughly representa
tive one. At the time of the organization Mr. A. C
Cleveland of Nevada said: "We want all the cattle
men; we don't want this a close combination— we
want all the cattlemen interested in the industry at
the convention."
In accord with that sentiment the call for the con
vention states: "The present idea is for individual
membership to form the basis of this association,
which will give a small cattle-grower as much voice
on the floor of the convention hall as a large owner,
but that will be finally settled at the first convention.
The only qualification for membership is to be a
cattle grower and owner." The call goes on to add:
"This association is to protect and advance the inter
ests of all cattle-growers, large or small, equally, and
we want all on the membership roll. It is especially
desired that a large attendance be had at the coming
convention at Denver, and any cattle-grower who
can possibly come is urged to do so."
The cattle industries of California are large and
should have ample representation at the meeting. It
is to be hoped therefore that many of the leading men
engaged in the business will attend the convention
and actively aid in making the association as useful as
the promoters have designed it to be..
THE KflNSfiS LYNCHER.
AS .Mrs. Nation is raising up quite an army of
imitators, not only in Kansas but in other
States with a less gory pedigree, it is worth
while to look into her method and the assumption by
her of the right to do as she pleases in the case of per
sons whom she tries and convicts of disobedience to
the law.
Because the law of Kansas, based on the State con
stitution* forbids the ?ale of liquor for Other than me
chanical, sacramental or medicinal use, and because
liquor is sold in saloons for other uses, Mrs. Nation
claims the right to destroy such liquor and the prop
erty Wherein it is sold. This she does without process
of law, due or otherwise, and in doing it imperils the
public peace and brings in jeopardy the lives and
property of those who have no relation to the
disturbance.
Her course has no recognition in law and is as
harmful to public order as the saloon evil which she
pretends to suppress. Her denunciation of the courts
for not enforcing the anti-liquor law is without merit.
She has it in her power to put the courts t'o the test
by filing with proper officers information and com
plaints against the saloons. When prosecutions are
thereby lawfully originated the courts have jurisdic
tion and can close every saloon so proceeded against.
But that is the quiet and orderly way of the law. To
follow it introduces nothing spectacular, and brings
no notoriety. The law works quietly, and its greatest
achievements make less noise than one mob. Mrs.
Nation's method is exactly the same as that of a
mob. A mob is unlawful, but it justifies itself by say
ing that the wretch it lynches has violated the law.
That is Mrs. Nation's plea. She has no other. But
suppose a Kansas murderer is at large and she meets
and kills him. Is she guiltless?
Has she a commission to replace the courts and
juries of the country, and to indict, try, convict and
punish all whom she conceives to be guilty of law
breaking? Her conduct in the presence of the courts
of law before which she has been taken is that of de
fiant contempt for their dignity and their rights. Her
example is far more demoralizing than that of fifty
lawless saloons, for it tends to inculcate that spirit of
mob violence of which there is already too much in
the-country-
Her pretense that there is no other way to enforce
the anti-liquor law is obviously false. Why she chose
it is exposed by her notoriety and money-seeking tour
through Iowa to Chicago. When the money failed to
appear and her paid lectures were delivered to empty
seats she at once abandoned her tour and returned
to Kansas to lay up more notoriety in the hope to
coin it into money.
Were she even the fanatic she pretends to be, or
the devoted philanthropist and reformer she wants to
be thought, the number at her lectures and the re
ceipts would in no wise affect her, but she would go
en, content even if- only two or three were gathered
together to listen and learn the way of truth and right.
She is not of that stuff, however, but has specula
tion in her eyes and seeks notoriety for gain. It is to
be hoped that her misconduct before the court will get
her a'term in jail for contempt that will make her see
the need of respecting the law herself, as well as talk
ing so much about its violation by others.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Nickname for the King.
As was Inevitable* the King has already
found a nickname. It Is "Edward the Ca
resser."—London Correspondent Pittsburg
Dispatch.
Why Edward Resigned an Office.
It Is formally announced that King Ed
ward VII has followed the precedent of
nearly a century In resigning the post he
has so long held as grand master of the
English Masonic Grand Lodse. George IV
having In the same way resigned the l!ko
post he had he»d as Prince Ilegent. King
Edward's view is that which hi3 father
held— that the sovereign can hold no other
post and discharge no other duty.— Boston
Herald.
Seeking Their Shares.
Since the passage of the army till the
White House has become the favorite vis
iting place of Congressional callers. Last
Tuesday nineteen Senators and twenty
nine Representatives put In their appear
ance. There Is no mystery about this
pathorlns of the patronage seekers—the
President has 900 commissions to dis
tribute among: officers in the volunteer
service. But it Is amusing to see mem
bers of Congress who opposed the army
bill among the first to sue for some of the
places that It creates.— North American.
To Solvs the Chinese Muddle.
The Japanese, who ought to know, de
clare that the shifting, equivocation and
delay that are being practiced by the Chi
nese Government are devices to gain time.
and that plots are being set afoot ¦which
will result In far greater bloodshed than
has thus far taken place. We fancy that
most people who have given some atten
tion to the Chinese situation have reached
a similar conclusion. It is never safe to
parley with the Oriental. Action— swift.
vigorous and anrelentir.R— offers the only
assurance of safety. The sooner thf» allies
snow the mailed hand the more assuranca
there will be that the punitive business
will not have to be begun all over again.—
Chicago Chronicle.
Minister Wu and General Otis.
Minister Wu'3 letter declining an invita
tion to the dinner given in honor of Gen
eral Otis was an extremely Infelicitous de
liverance for a gentleman of his taste and
wit and discernment. He could with as
good reason, and for the same reason, ne
cllne to dine with the President of thu
United States. Nay. more: if hi3 feeling
are so. strong on the subject of the exclu
sion of Chinese from American territory
he might well have declined his commis
sion as the representative of his countrr
at this capital. -When he came and pre
sented his credentials and entered upon
the duties of his office he was familiar
with the controlling/ American sentiment
toward his countrymen, hence his pres
ence with us— which to the American peo
ple has been both pleasant and profitable
—is to ne construed a? an acceptance by
him of the situation.— Washington Star.
A "Two Billion" Congress.
Most of us can recollect when talk of a
billion dollar Congress was something
startling to American ears. Now It ia
freely affirmed that even in one session
this ¦ year the appropriation bills will
mount to the neighborhood of $760,000,000
to $780,0)0,000. If we add to this the 5710.
0OO.0CO appropriated at the first session or
the Congress soon to expire we reach tno
glddv total of $1.490.000 ,000. and may well
talk'of "a billion and a half Congress." It
will not be long before the people begin to
realize what a big standing army means
Our military budget alone for thecommff
year will call for nearly WiO.0-10.000. \. o
are spending twice as much this year as
any European power. Of course. America
a "first-class power.' but
those who we to boast particularly over
our growing military supremacy must not
begrudge paying the fiddler. Imperialistic
antics are costly.— Boston Globe.
that huge sum frittered away in Buncombe jobs is an
irritation to every taxpayer. It is certainly time to
call a halt ' '-^i^^''.
(First of the series of "Colonial Governments of To-Day," under the direc
•tion of Professor John H. Finley of Princeton University.)
BY EUGENE EDGCUMBE ST/H-E-V,
AUTHOR OF "THE ARMS AND BADGES QP THE BRITISH COLONIES"
How England Governs Its Great Colony -of
India and the Relations of the British
PAPERS ON CU RRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY ; 19, 1901.
President McKinley should not call an extra session
until he has made'his trip; to California, for, by that
time something may happen to make the' session 'un
necessary.- v
There may be faults here and there in the. work of
this Legislature, '.but it. is a great deal better than any
we' have had for many a year. It makes less noise."
6
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace HotsL*
A2TTJSEMENTS.
Or.tral— "Chlir.mle FaCden."
California— "The Waifs cf New Toric"
Alhanibra— ; 'Uncle Josh Spruceby."
Or£>heum — Vaudeville.
Crand Op<Ta-i-.ouE^-"La. Dame Aux Camelias."
Alcazar— "What Hardened to Jones."
Columbia— "Zaza." Monday. February 25.
TJvcIi— "Wizard d the >'lle."
Olrropla.. corner Mason and Eddy etreet*— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo ana Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* t— Vaudeville.
Golden Gate Hall— Abt. the Mar.dcllnlEt.
California — Violin, concert. Wednesday afternoon, Febru-
ary 20.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
Tanforan Park— Kaceg.
I>r. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The bent liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver ills, blllousne39. indigestion, constipation.*
.-The first practicable steamboat was
built-in iiSW and. the first railway locom"
tivoiin 1S04. . • _•.-"¦ ¦ .--.•¦¦ -,-•¦
There i3 ever a battle going on between
the idle man and Time, the object being
to kill each other.
, It. la estimated that the wheat crops In
the -Darling Downs district, . Queensland
will beat ¦ all , records, the yield in some
instances reaching flf ty-two bushels per
acre.'- ¦ ; -"...•; - •¦ . > ¦ i
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. elace fruit 50c per lb at TownsenA's.*COMPANIA BUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES' FINE NEW STEAMSHIP
PALENA, NOW IN SAN FRANCISCO. WHICH .WILL. MAKE REGULAR
TRIPS BETWEEN HERE AND SOUTH AMERICA.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Br ship Manx King, Pratt, Queenstown; Glr- i
vln & Eyre. '
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Papeete; J Plnet
& Co.
Monday, February 18.
Stmr Navarro, Hansen, Bowens J^andlng.
Stmr Empire. MacKenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Westoort, Ericsson. Eureka.
Btmr City of Para. Porter, Panama.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, Eureka.
Schr Laura May, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
. Schr Parkereburg. Jorjjenson. Coqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 18, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind NE. velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Arrived Feb IS— Schr Louise,
from San Pedro; schr Sadie, from San Pedro;
schr Lily, hence Feb 10.
Sailed Feb 17— Schr Lucy, for San Pedro.
EAST SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 18— Stmr
Geo Loomis, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Passed north bound— Tujr L
Luckenbach, with Ger ship Edmund in tow,
from Santa Rosalia, via San Diego, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr" Bruns
wick, hence Feb 16.
Arrived Feb IS— Stmr National City, hence
Feb 16; «tmr Pomona, hence Feb 17.
Sailed Feb 18— Stmr Aberdeen, for San Fran-
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Feb 18-Schr Ban
gor, from Pan Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 18— Schr Monterey,
hence Feb 3; schr Western Home, hence Feb 6.
BANDON— Arrived Feb IS— Schr Conflanza,
hence Feb 4.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 18— Br
stmr Warfleld. from Nanaimo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 1*— Stmr Co
qullle River, hence Feb IS; Btmr Signal, hence
Feb 13. Feb 17— Schr Volunteer, hence Feb 8;
pchr Jennie Stella,- hence Jan 27; echr Laura
Madsen. hence Feb 12: schr Orient, hence Feb
11: *chr James A Garfleld. from San Pedro.
Sailed Feb 18— Schrs Volant and John A, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 18— Br rtmr
Ping Suey, from Vladivostok; schr Ethel Zane,
hence Feb 11.
Inward bound — Schr Challenger, hence Feb
6, for Port Blakeley.
Sailed Feb IS— Ger bark Alsterdamm, from
Tacoma. for Queenstown.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 17— Schr Annie Lar
sen, from San Pedro.
Sailed Feb 14— Ship Jabez Howes, for Hono
lulu.
Arrived Feb IS— Schr Lottie Bennett, from
Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb IS— Schr Stlmson. for
San Pedro. Feb 17— Dutch stmr Wilhelmlna,
for Tacoma.
Arrived Feb 17— Ship Isaac Reed, hence Feb«
12. Feb 18— Stmr Centennial, hence Feb 14.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 18— Schr Ethel
Zane. hence Feb 11.
Sailed Feb IS— Bark James Ncsmlth. for
Care Town.
BALLARD— Arrived Feb lS-Schr Comet,
from San Pedro.
KAHULUI— Sailed Jan 31— Schr John D Tal
lant, for San Francisco. *
In port Feb 2— Schr H C Wrieht, schr Ho
nolpu, schr Compeer, brig Lurllne. Bchr Rob
ert R Hind, schr Stanley and ship Charmer.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 2— Bktn Chas F
Crocker, from Newcastle. Ans. Feb 3— ShlD
James Drummond. from Newcastle, Au«. Feb
4— Bark B P Cheney, from Tacoma. Feb 8—
Stmr American, from Seattle; stmr China,
hence Feb 1. Feb 9— U S stmr Lawton, hence
Feb l. ....
Sailed Feb 2— Nor ship- Prince Albert, for
Puget Sound. Feb 5— Bktn Kllkltat, for Puget
Pound. Feb 7— Bark Kaullanl, for San Fran
cisco. Feb 8— Bark Alden Besse. for San
Francisco: stmr Callfomian. for New York,
via Hilo. Feb 11— Bark Albert, for San Fran
cisco; U S Ftmr Lawton. for Manila.
To sail Feb 11-Br ship Falls of Garry, for
Pu::et Sound. -
MAHUKONA— Arrived Feb 1— Schr Emma
Claudlna. hence Jan 10.
PORT BLAKELFTY— Arrived Keb IS— Schr
Challencer, hence Feb 6.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus-Sailed Feb 17— Schr
Inca. for Honoluln.
TALCAHUANO— Sailed Jan 2ft— Br bark KH
loran, for . ' _
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 18— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Jan 18. * „
SYDNEY-Satled Feb 11-Shlp M P Grace,
f0 M"N 9 rLA-Satled Feb 17-U S -tmr Hancock*:
for San Francisco; V S stmr ICIlDatrick. for
a NAN A I MO— Arrived Feb 18-Nor stmr Tlta-
PAYTA- Sailed Feb 17— Schr Fred J Wood,
for Grass Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Salled Feb 18— Stmr Meno
minee, for London. -
DOVER— Passed Feb 18— Stmr Cambysses.
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
NICE— Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Aumiste Me
torla, from New York, or Oriental cruise.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United ! States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low wat»w occur at the
city front (Mission-street tvharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; tho
height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, FEBRUART 19.
Time Ball.
Branch - Hydrogrraphlc - Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' ; Exchange,:* Sap Francisco, Cal..
• " February IS, 1S01. • ; , - •, ¦ .
•¦* The time ball on the, tower, of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon :. to-day—
I. - e..~ "! at - noon \ of the - lJOth meridian, 1 • or .-. at r S
o'clock p. m.,' Giwnwlch time.
I. • .-:.¦' C. G. CALKINS. ,
Lieutenant Commender, >; TJ.'i S. . N., In e!".anje.
In the Divorca i Court.
8 A decree of divorce was granted yester
day to Camelita G. Salcedo from Stephen
Ft. Sa!cedo for desertion.
Suits for divorce were fllcd-ycsterdav bv
Grace Crittenden acalnst Harry A. Crlt
tenden " for desertion and James Pier'*
against G. E. Piers for cruelty.
NOTE — In the above exposition : of the "tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time cf
day, the third time column *ive* the last tide
of- the -day. . except when there are : but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. * The hetirhts given
are In addition to, the soundings on the United
States - Coast -- Survey < charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height," and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by tho charts. : The plane of . reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
Mor? About the Mela nope.
A motion made yesterday by Public Ad
ministrator Boland> v to revoke the order
appointing William. P. Humphreys attor
ney for absent heirs of the late El ma M.
Taylor, •who died on the British bark Mt
lanope while en route to this city as the
companion of the; late Captain John, R
Craigeti. was granted by Judge Troutt
yesterday on the ground that Humphreys
had - been appointed " attorney by " various
heirs of the deceased, who reside In Eng
land. ) A motion made by Humphreys to
revoke the letters granted Public Admin
istrator Boland;: on the ground that the
ship was In transit and hence without the
Jurisdiction of the local courts, waa taken
under advisement.
s -
Merchants' Association Meeting.
The Merchants" Association will hold its
regular quarterly meeting at the Acad
emy of Sciences next Wednesday evening.
William M. Bunker, who has recently re
turned from an extensive tour of the
world, will make an nddresi on "How to
Beautify San Francisco. "Home Rule for
San. Francisco" will bo the subject of
speeches by prominent citizens, during
which they will urge the preserving or
the present city charter from any changes
by the State Legislature. In addition to
these special subjects, members are In
vited to offer suggestions on any ques
tions of importance to the city or of inter
est to the association." Th« quarterly re
port of the directors will also be submit
ted.
World to End This Year.
This is the recent decision of one of the prom
inent societies of the world, but the exact day
has not yet been fixed upon, and while there
are very few people who believe this prediction
there are thousands of others who not only be
lieve but know that Hostetter's Stomach Bit
tern la the be*t medicine td cure dyspepsia, in
digestion constipation, biliousness or liver and
kidney troubles. A fair trial will certainly con
vince you of its value. ¦¦ > • ¦
Antioch Distillery Will Compromise.
Representatives of George H. Malter and
the California Distilling Company of An
tloch have made proposals of compromise
to Special Internal Revenue Agent Burt
M. Thomas in the matter of the contem
plated seizure of the distillery for using
"blackstrap" in the manufacture of grape
brandy.
Mr. Maltfr, through his attorneys, has
agreed to pay all taxes and costs incurred
by reason of any violation of the revenue
laws on his part, and with that under-
Btandtntj all hostile proceedings against
tho distillery on the part of the revenue
officials have been suspended.
CONSUIi O0ODN0W SPEAKS
ON ORIENTAL COMMERCE
He Advises the Merchants How to
Pack Perishable Goods for
Shipment.
John Goodnow. United States Consul
General at Shanghai, addressed a meeting
of citizens at the Chamber of Commerce
yesterday on "Our Oriental Trade and the
Present Situation In China." He spok»
ip part as follows:
"There is no town or city in the United
States so interested in the trade of tho
Orient as San Francisco. It means every
thing to this city and to this* coast. How
to secure this trade and how to retain It
are questions which we must consider. I
think that it would be a good plan to es
tablish at Shanghai or some other point
of equal prominence In the Orient an ex
hibit of American merchandise, not as a
matter of immediate profit, but for the
advertisement which it would afford.
"There is one thing which the people of
this city must attend to. They must have
their perishable goods properly packed.
They have to go through several changes
of climate and are in great danger of be
ing spoiled. California produce, such as
butter and fruit, Is extremely scarce in
the Orient, and commands An exception
ally high price. Great quantities of goods
from this State are lost through defective
packing."
Victim of Bunko Men.
D. L. Fuller, a real estate agent from
Brockton. Mass., swore to complaints In
Judge Fritz's court yesterday charging
three bunko men with swindling him out
of $10 last Wednesday in a room at 271
O'Farrell street. A young man made his
acquaintance and on some pretext took
him to the room. An old man was there
and they began to bet on the turn of a
card. Fuller was asked to bet $S0, and he.
put a $50 Confederate' bill between two $o
greenbacks and won. Before he could
take the money a man came in and seized
all the money and cards, claiming he was
an officer. Fuller was hustled out of the
room.
B'NAI B'RITH GRAND LODGE
DISCUSSES ENDOWMENT
Number of Changes in Laws Pro-
posed and Referred to ths Leg
islation Committee.
At the second session of tho Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of B'nai
B'rlth yesterday the following proposi
tions were referred to the committee on
legislation:
To abolish the board of relief; to change
the day of opening the Grand Lodge from
Funday to Monday; to repeal the law requir
ing deposit of the funds In bank; to amend
tho law so as to permit past presidents, who
are not representatives to the Grand Lodge,
to hold the office of trustee; to amend the
law so that the ritualistic work at funerals
shall be superintended by a district deputy,
either In person or by some one specially ap
pointed for the purpose.
An amendment to the laws, which was
adopted, gives past grand presidents right
to vote.
A proposition to pay a claim to tho
named beneficiary of a member who at
the time of his death was not In good
standing was voted down.
Dr. Abrahams, member of the board of
the National .Home for Consumptives, ac
cepted an invitation to address the Grand
Lodge to-night.
In the evening the endowment feature
was again taken up, and it was decided to
continue the same on new lines.
Now that the Eastern people, many, of
whom are supposed to be homeseekers,
are coming into the State in large num
bers, the singular fact is discovered that
out of fifty-six counties less than one
score have made a move to place any lit
erature in this city describing their ad
vantages to the inquirers. This was as
certained by a visit to the State Board
of Trade rooms in the ferry building. »*t
that place one would naturally expect to
get all the necessary information about
the State, and that is the main consid
eration that called the institution Into ex
istence and gave it a location where it
¦would be in easy touch with all newcom
ers to California. Many counties that
sent in their publications some months or
years ago have since failed to renew the
supply, and the result is that they are un
represented at the timo when knowledge
about them will be eagerly sought by
thousands.
When Secretary Filcher of the State
Board of Trade was asked yesterday
where the responsibility for this condition
of affairs rested he promptly said that it
was on the counties that had failed to
keep themselves at- the front. He had per
sonally been to several counties recently,
asking them to get out literature of the
descriptive and statistical sort for use in
San Francisco, and also at the Pan-Amer
ican Exposition at Buffalo.
"One county, San Luis Obispo, respond-,
ed with promptness," said Mr. Filcher,
"and has within the past few days sent to
the board certain publications that may
be of advantage to it. Of course, the State
Board cannot show literature to visitors
if the counties do not forward it for dis
tribution. Often when requests have come
from the East by mail for information
concerning some particular section the
board has been unable to furnish it. The
only remedy that I know of is for the
counties to issue pamphlets at the earliest
possible moment.
"The board has no desire to discrim
inate, and does not. but when there is a
demand for information the board hands
out whatever it has. The counties repre
sented thus have the advantage in adver
tising their resources over other sections."
These are the only counties that are
ready to hand literature to th© visiting
homeseekers in this city: Sacramento,
Fresno, Tulare, San Joaquin, Stanislaus,
Shasta. Napa, Humboldt, Santa Clara,
Modoc. San Luis Obispo, Tehama, Santa
Barbara. Inyo. Orange. Riverside. Los An
geles. Tuolumne and San Francisco. There
are localities in three other counties that
are represented by descriptive matter at
the State Board of Trade, these being
Capay Valley in Yolo, Haywards in Ala
meda and "Wvandotte and Thermallto in
Butte County. The showing will be sur
prising to the State at large.
Pacific Mail Company's ;Boat Has About 'Twenty-Four
Hours' Start, but Only Succeeds in Reaching Hawaiian
Capital Two Hours Ahead of the Oceanic Flier
THE Oceanic Company's mail
steamship Mariposa arrived from
• Honolulu yesterday after a splen
did run of five days twenty hours
and twenty minutes. Never be
fore in her history has the Mariposa been
making such good time as she is now. On
the run to -Honolulu she beat the"China,
the crack boat of the Pacific Mail fleet,
by nearly a day. The China sailed twen
ty-four hours ahead of the Mariposa, but
the former vessel had only just tied up at
her wharf at Honolulu when the Mari
posa came along. It blew a gale the
whole way to Honolulu and it took the
China nearly seven days to make the run,
while the Mariposa went down in five
days, twenty-two hours and forty-two
minutes. On her way home she beat even
that time by two hours and twenty-two
minutes.
Among those who came up in the cabin
of the Mariposa were:
Miss Harriet Lewers, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Lewers, Mrs. J. H. Craig and two children,
J H Payne, W. E. Ransome, Miss M. B.
Killean, Mrs. Augustine. Mrs. Fulcher and
dauehter. A. Jacobs, H. Kimball and wife.
E. B. B<?ard. Mrs. W. A. Hardy. J. E. Miller.
A. M. Harrison and wife, C. F. Herrick. wife
and son; C. F. Solomon, E. A., von Arnin,
James Doyle and wife, J. F. Pearoe and wife.
R. S. Rawllnits. Miss Meade. Miss Schwarz.
Mrs. Crosby. Miss Chanslor. Miss Briggs, Mr.
Palunfbo. Dr. C. Shoreman, wife and child;
Miss Ana LenaEhan, Miss Hannah • Johnson.
H V Reeves R. A. Perry and wife. Edward
Brown and wife. L.. R. Cray-ford. Mr. Swee
ney W. G. Eldred, Messrs- Tyrell and Bowen.
B. \V. Rlpley and wife, Theodore Holzhausen
and wife. Miss Captain Matthias. Miss P. T.
Hossack, E. Kenneally. F. R. W eber and wife.
Disposed Of at Auction to Eschen &
Minor for a Song. •
WRECfK OF PYRENEES.
The wreck of tho British ship Pyrenees
as it now lies in the harbor of Manga
Reva, in the Paumotu Group, was yester
day sold in the Merchants' Exchange to
Eschen & Minor for $235. The captain
thought it would at least bring $2500, but
it was only by the greatest perseverance
that the auctioneer got the small sum he
did. The Pyrenees left Tacoma' on Octo
ber 14 last with 3750 tons of wheat and
barley. On November 16 a fire broke out
In the cargo and an attempt was made to
beach the vessel on Pitcalrn Island. This
failed and she was then headed for Pa
peete. Tho fire got worse and worse, and
she was finally beached at Manga Reva.
From last accounts the flre was out ana
the masts still standing. If the vessel is
flooded, however, the wheat and barley
will swell and probably burst her decks
open. .. . .
About twenty-five years ago the ship
Ada Iredale went ashore near where the
wreck of the Pyrenees now lies, j She was
loaded with a cargo of coal and caught
flre. It was only when the last scrap of
coal had been consumed that the flre went
out. The hulk then drifted ashore and the
late A. Crawford secured it. He sent to
San Francisco for spars and rigged the
vessel up at Tahiti and sailed her here.
She was thoroughly refitted, and as the
bark Annie Johnson is now one of the
best known vessels on the coast.
Scare on ths Pike County.
The schooner Pike County was on fire
yesterday and as the flames were very
close to a leaking gasoline tank everybody
on board deserted the vessel, while the
crowd on the wharf sought safety in
flight. The fire tugs Governor Irwln and
Governor Markham were summoned and
with the aid of a chemical engine the
blaze was smothered. The vessel was only
slightly damaged.
Water Front Notes.
Reinsurance rates took a jump yester
day and three of the overdues are practi
cally uninsurable. The Andrada, out
ninety-nine days from Santa Rosalia: the
Bertha, from "Wei-Hal-Wel, and the Cape
Wrath, from Callao. all for Portland, are
now quoted at 90 per cent, while the
Ardnamurchen, seventy-eight days out
from the Frazen River, for Liverpool, is
quoted at 65 per cent, and the Henry
Hnckfleld, 1S9 days out from Philadelphia,
for Nagasaki, at 15 per cent.
The steamship Humboldt is out of her
winter quarters and is once more ready
for service. She leaves next Thursday,
frcm Mission-street wharf, for Eureka,
and from there she will go to Seattle.
From Seattle she will go on* the Skaguay
run during tho season.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Ben Peary loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 41s Jd, prior to arrival; the Cheballa,
lumber on Columbia River for Fremantle, 70s
prior to arrival: the . Dauntless, lumber at
Grays Harbor for Guaymas: the Ilala. salmon
at Victoria for London, 45s. prior to arrival;
the Quickstep, lumber on Puget Sound for
Salinas Cruz, $11; the S. G. Wilder, merchan
dise, at this port for Honolulu.
—^
Grain Shipments.
The British ship Manx King cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 11.000 ctls
wheat, valued at I11.S50; 47,165 ctls barley, val
ued at $45,THK>. and 14,000 ft lumber &a dunnaee
valued at $200. b .
'
A Cargo for Tahiti.
The barkentlne Tropic Bird cleared yesterday
for Papeete with a general vargo, valued at
$6740, Including the, following:
10,100 lbs broad, 3087 lbs beans. 48 colls cord
ajre. 135 cs' canned goods, 653 lbs bran, IS crs
furniture, 240 bbls flour. 19 cs dry goods. 20
bales hay. 46 pkgs hardware. 45.1S5 ft lumber
7 pkgs glassware. 16 pkgs groceries and provi
sions, 6 bdls oars, 50 cs salmon, C333 lbs rice
&093 lbs salt, 100 cs soap, 6 cs paint, GC44 gals
wine, 8 ctls wheat. '
«
The Para's Cargo.
The steamer City of Para sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with the usual careo
of merchandise, valued at IXS.STS. manifested as
follows: F"or Mexico, $6740; Central America,
$29,305; Panama, 52;i30. The principal exports
were as follows:
For Mexico— 2 drums acid. 2 cyls ammonia,
24 bbls chain, 29 cs drugs. 6 iikgs electrical sup
plies, 40 pkgs groceries and provisions, 87 pkgs
hardware, 404 pes 46 bdls Iron, 10,250 ft lumber
15 pkgs machinery, 60 bales paper, 17 bdls 43
pea pipe, 5 bdls spice, $ cs stationery,' 1057 lbs
soda. 12 bdls steel, 50 kegs staples, 11,692 lbs
tallow.
For Central America— 503 lbs beans, 17 cs
canned goods. 163 cs coal oil, 44S lbs dried fruit
12 cs dry Rood?, 3034 bbls flour, 137 pkgs Rrocer
les and provisions. 2137. lbs hops. 7 cs hardware,
394 lbs hops. 7 bales leather. 8000 ft lumber, 6
kegs nails. 20 bbls 30 pkf?s oil, 13 crs, onions, 7
cs paint, 610 crs' potatoes, BOCK) lbs powder, 14 000
lbs rice, 38 pkgs railroad material, 627 lbs seed
6 ixUs spice. 240 bdls shcoks. 1CS lbs tea, 7328 lbs
tallow. SO cs whisky, 39 cs 1532 gals wine.
For Panama — U»O lbs beans, 470 bbls flour, 60
crs potatoes, 14,246 lbs sugar. r,30 gals wine.
.In, transit— 91 cs silk, 50,000 lbs rice, valued at
$seo. ... ¦ a ¦¦"":•¦ ;
Shipping Merchants.
ARRIVED.
Monday, February 13.
Stmr Eureka. .lessen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr«Mandalay, Reed. 3 days from Coqullle
River, via Crescent City S4 hours. ...
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 71 hours from Cooa
Bay.
Sttnr Fulton, Levinson, 84 hours from Grays
Harbor. A . .
. stmr Rival. Johnson. 4 days from Wtllapa
Harbor. . ¦ „ • ¦ ,
• Strnr W H Kruger, Kroe, 2» hours from Eu
reka.-: ¦.'.¦•¦-¦•¦.•-¦-'-' ;' i, ¦ . . ¦ -•
'. Stmr Whiteshoro. Olsen, 20 hours from
Greenwood. • * - ' - .
Stmr MariDOsa. Haywarf, 5 days 20 hours
20 minutes from Honolulu. . . . ,
• Stmr Chico, Dearborn, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg. - . . :•¦••¦ ¦ - • f . -, ,
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, . 26 hours from Eu
reka, v -. - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ . "•¦ *.-.¦.-'
Stmr Marlcosa. Rennis, o days 20 hours 20
minutes . from Honolulu.- ,• ¦- . .
Stmr ."Willamette, - Hansen, S3 hours trcm Se
attle. . . '•'¦'¦¦"¦-.-.¦
-.. Gtr istmr Totme*. PaesBler," 103 days . from
Hamburg, ..via Mazatlan 4, days 23 hours.
Nor etmr Tellus. Pedersen, 4 days from Oj-s-
r CLEARED.- : •
Monday. February,' ISA.
Etmr City cf Para, Porter,. Panama: •pacific'
Mall Steamship Co. • • .- - a ,-ttv '
¦ Stmr Bonita/ Ncpander. San . Pedro;! Goodall,".
Perkins .&¦ Co. • ' '¦¦ . :. ' - ~ ::
State Board of Trade Has
Little Needed Literaturi
on Hand.
Less Than One-Third of the Counties
Have Descriptive Matter on
File in San Fran
cisco. ;
HOME SEEKERS
NOT INFORMED
MARIPOSA BEATS FAST STEAMSHIP
CHINA IN THE RUN TO HONOLULU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1901.
Solari "Wants His Money.
Carlo Solari, whose money is -now In the
hands of the heirs of another who once
lived and bore the same name, has sued
tiie Hibernia Bank to recover $2200. the
sum paid the heirs of the other Solari un
der order of court. Solari simply sets up
his right to the money In question. The
opinion of the court will hence be expect
antly awaited.
The petition that was presented by the
Fruit Growers' Association to the South
ern Pacific. Union Pacific and Santa Fe
roada has started a great deal of discus
sion among railroad men. Although noth
ing definite has been done by the railroad
companies in reference to the fruit grow
ers' request that the time to Chicago be
cut to six days and the time to New Yorlt
to eight days, prominent freight officials
claim that it is almost an impossibility.
The freight officials argue that the best
that could be done in shipping 1 green fruit
Is as follows: Sixty hours from Sacra
mento to Ogden, sixty hours from Ogden
to Council Bluffs ana twenty-four hours
from Council Bluffs to Chicago, making
in all 144 hours or six days. They claim,
that .when the fruit" cars arrive in Chi
cago there is a delay of twelve hours, in
which time they have to switch the cars
and till them with fresh ice. It then tak?3
two days to New York. This would make
It eight and one-half days to Xew York.
The fruit grrowers want the trip done In
eight days, but from present Indications
It looks an if it -will be impossible to com
ply with their request unless the time be
tween Sacramento and Ogden Is short
ened.
Six I>ays the Best Schedule They
Could Offer Between Here and
Chicago With Refrigera
tor Cars.
Railroad Officials Affirm
Past Time on Fruit
Impossible.
CANNOT GRANT
SHIPPERS' REQUEST
7
Steamer Movements.
Run
Sun :
Moon
rises....
sets....
sets ¦¦
6:55
.5:52
...6:53 p. m.
19 ...
20 ...
21 ...
22 ...
23 ...
24 ...
25 ...
Time Time
Ft.
Xj W H W
5:15 1.4 11:29
HV.L.Vf
0:23 5.5 6:03
1:04 5.6 6:56
1:41 5.7 >7:48
2:21 5.S 8M7
3:10 5.S 9:34
4:00 5.8 11:06
Tlme| ITlmel
Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
L W H W
5;» 5:46 0.0 ...... .....
H W L. Wl
1.1 «S» 6.6 6:29 0.3
• 0.8 1:15 5.4 7:11 0.8
8.6 2;15 5.0 7:55 l.S
0.5 3:23 4.6 8:40 1.9
0.4 4:40 -4.1 9:35 1.3
0.3 6:01 4.1 10.-40 3.S
Steamer.
From.
I Due-.
I "
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Feb. 19
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Feb. 19
Rainier Seattle & X. Whatcom. Feb. 13
Federlca Nanaimo Feb. 19
Argo Coquille River Feb. 19
Totmes Hamburg k Way Ports Feb. 19
Nome City Humboldt Feb. SO
Pomona Humboldt : Feb. SO
Corona Newport Feb. 20
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. 20
Ctarlna Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb. 20
State of Cal Puget Sound Ports Feb. XI
Point Arena Point Arena Feb. 21
Santa Rosa Son Diego Feb. II
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 21
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. 21
r»ewburg.. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 23
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 2*
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria... Feb. 21
Hyades Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Eonlta Newport Feb 21
Queen San Diego Feb. 24
Alameda I Sydney and Way Ports Feb. 25
Arcata I Coos Bay .....|F*b. 25
Steamer. I
Destination.
tSallB.I Pier.
. — . .
Febrnnry 1O. j
Alliance Portland & Coos B 9 anrS.W. 1
Roaroke Panama J pm PleY 34
Nippon Maru. China &. Japan 1 pm PMSS
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Fulton Gray* Harbor .... 5 pm Pier —
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
February 20.
Areata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Manflalay Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports U am Pier 9
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Argo Coqullle Rlv«r 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoraa. E pm Pier S
February- 21.
Humboldt.... Alaska v Pujet Sd 2 pm Pier 2
February 22.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corcma Newport 9 am Pier 11
Pnienu Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.WV3
February 23.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Maripnsa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle * N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Uobt. Dollar.. Seattle ft Tacoma Pier —
February 24.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
February -25.
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chas. N'elaon. Peat tie & Tacoma. Pier —
Steamer.
From.
I Due-.
I "
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Feb. 19
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Feb. 19
Rainier Seattle & X. Whatcom. Feb. 13
Federlca Nanaimo Feb. 19
Argo Coquille River Feb. 19
Totmes Hamburg k Way Ports Feb. 19
Nome City Humboldt Feb. SO
Pomona Humboldt : Feb. SO
Corona Newport Feb. 20
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. 20
Ctarlna Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb. 20
State of Cal Puget Sound Ports Feb. XI
Point Arena Point Arena Feb. 21
Santa Rosa Son Diego Feb. II
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 21
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. 21
r»ewburg.. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 23
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 2*
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria... Feb. 21
Hyades Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Eonlta Newport Feb 21
Queen San Diego Feb. 24
Alameda I Sydney and Way Ports Feb. 25
Arcata I Coos Bay .....|F*b. 25
Run
Sun :
Moon
rises....
sets....
sets ¦¦
6:55
.5:52
...6:53 p. m.
19 ...
20 ...
21 ...
22 ...
23 ...
24 ...
25 ...
Time Time
Ft.
Xj W H W
5:15 1.4 11:29
HV.L.Vf
0:23 5.5 6:03
1:04 5.6 6:56
1:41 5.7 >7:48
2:21 5.S 8M7
3:10 5.S 9:34
4:00 5.8 11:06
Tlme| ITlmel
Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
L W H W
5;» 5:46 0.0 ...... .....
H W L. Wl
1.1 «S» 6.6 6:29 0.3
• 0.8 1:15 5.4 7:11 0.8
8.6 2;15 5.0 7:55 l.S
0.5 3:23 4.6 8:40 1.9
0.4 4:40 -4.1 9:35 1.3
0.3 6:01 4.1 10.-40 3.S
Steamer. I
Destination.
tSallB.I Pier.
. — . .
Febrnnry 1O. j
Alliance Portland & Coos B 9 anrS.W. 1
Roaroke Panama J pm PleY 34
Nippon Maru. China &. Japan 1 pm PMSS
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Fulton Gray* Harbor .... 5 pm Pier —
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
February 20.
Areata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Manflalay Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports U am Pier 9
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Argo Coqullle Rlv«r 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoraa. E pm Pier S
February- 21.
Humboldt.... Alaska v Pujet Sd 2 pm Pier 2
February 22.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corcma Newport 9 am Pier 11
Pnienu Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.WV3
February 23.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Maripnsa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle * N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Uobt. Dollar.. Seattle ft Tacoma Pier —
February 24.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
February -25.
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chas. N'elaon. Peat tie & Tacoma. Pier —
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
of railroads.
Office, 30 Montgomery street •
KTENIKGS AT 8. MATINEE SATTHDAT
•'THAT'S 0NETH1HS A WIZARD CAN DO."
THE ENORMOUS HIT,
WIZARD
% E NILE!
By Harry B- Smith and Victor Herbert.
jiearpearar.ee of ALF. C. VTHEELAN,
"KOOT MOX!"
TO-NIGHT. Feb. 19— "•EAGLES' ICIGHX."
FOPULAR PRICES ...Z5 and 60 cents
Telephone — Bush 9.
1'hone ;-»cutii TTO.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
THE ORIGINAL
UNCLE 35 2 p^ ple |
JOSH I Band's.
SPRUCEBY.
Grand Oj^ratic <~>rchp*u-a. Carload ct Epeclal
Pcer.ery. All New Specialties.
Wafh Cor the Tamde Or-^-n-Air Concert.
PIUCEF— 25(?. JIc, Mta and Tac. Matinee —
l',c, 20c, Soc and T^c
N*>xt Sunday Afternoon.
AL G. FIKLD GREATER MINSTRELS.
BELASCO *"*> TNAUSjforiVg.
<B^ <tt ° V" ensscmr/uu
Phone Foath 12'.-
TO-MGHT. Every Kfenlng Tills Week.
EFECIAL MATINEE WaFhinrton'B Birthday.
P.egu'.ar Matinee* Saturday and Sunday.
Cr.V: ': Production of the Great Comedy Drama.
GHIMMIE FADOEN
&*e the Bowery Boy-CHIMMIE FADDEN'.
The Bowery of New York Realistically Plc-
< tcred Bowery Characters Humorously Por-
\ trayed.
PDifCC ErerJr^- 19c, 15c, £5c. 50c
I llltL J Matinees -....10c. 15c 25c
".Text Week— Mamrrnth Production cf "THE
GIRL I LT~FT EETilNP ME."
A Big Bill and Entirely New.
mrMONTVS MrNFTRELS: A. L. OUILLE:
TITREE KELCirr 6IPTERS; JOHNNIE
JOHNS; AL and MAMIE ANDERSON;
IDALEN'E COTTON ar.d NICK LONG;
DOROTHT BTCDEBAKHR: GEORGE
AUSTIN MOORE: THE GREAT AMERI-
CAN' BIOGRAPH.
fieeerved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs ana Box Beats, DOe.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Eunfiay.
SPECIAL MATINEE FRIDAT NEXT.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
Tickets Now On Sale.
rasagssK
ACT 1— TOTT lUArGH.
. ACT 3— YOU YELI*.
ACT 3-TOU eCREAM.
j "What Happened
To Jones,"
P^cular Matinee* Baturday and Sunday
BEATS— :Se, 25c. S5c. tOc.
EXTRA MATINEE FRIDAT. February 22
. Washincton'B Birtbday.
ICEXT WEEK— "COUNTESS GUCKI."
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
¦ 13GO— WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FER 11 TO FEB. 23. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Kac'np Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thar»-
Cty Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five cr naore races each flay.
I^ce« eUrt at 2:15 p. m. tharp.
Ferry-boaU leave Ean Francisco at Vt m. and
": 88, 1. 1:20, 2, 2:20 and 3 p. m.. eonn-ctinjf
• ;th tra!n« stopping at the entrance to the
T-acIc Last two cars on train reserved lor
Udlea tad their escorts; no emoklng. Buy your
>rry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland rsole connect with San Pablo avenue
• ¦-'-trie cars at Sei-enth and Broadway. Oak-
li-zd. Also all trains via AUmedi mole «)n-
tcct with Ean Pabl* avenue cars at Fourteenth
¦cd Eroaflway. Oakland. These electric cars
to <^rect to the track In fifteen minutee.
*'¦< turning— Trains leave the track at *:15 and
*¦*: i>. m. and imme<3iately after the last race.
THOMAS K. WILLIAMS JR.. Fresident.
H. 3. MUUROT. Secretary.
i Coquelin ! Coquelin !
THE FAMOUS FBEN'CH ACTOR,
.WILL BELiVtR A LECTURE
, TUEFDAT AFTERNOON. THE 1STH IN'ST .
At HIEKUAN & CLAY HAI.L. at 8:U o'clock.
t-bJtc:_'L*ART ET LE COMEDIENV |
Tickets, fl. On eale at Sherman & Clay's.
i ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
THIS WEEK ON'LY— MATINEE SATURDAY,
The Pensatler.aJ Scenic Production.
THE WAIFS
9 NEW YORK
riTlTl 11 " Great Bridge Scene.
NH H Th? Famous Old Five Points, Xew
The Great Fire Scene.
POPULAR PRICES— 75c. 60c. 25c.
VTATCH FOU THE STREET PARADE AT
NOON DAILY.
Next Sunflay Afternoon. That Which Will
n»a.«<? Vs Most, "THE VILLAGE PARSON."
specTal.
LAST RECITAL—^
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON' (WEDNESDAY),
The World's Distinguished Violinist,
LEONORA JACKSON,
Assisted by MIfs Josephine Elburna, Soprano,
and Mr. Relden Pratt, Accompanist.
PRICES-J1 W. 11, 50c.
BEATS NOW ON SALE.
PA! EIRSDIA SA.1 FBANCISCO'S
VUkU IWI 62 I M IKDi'iG THEATRE
NOTE— No telephone or mail orders taken Tor
the first nleht.
¦RlfeSW FEBRUARY 25th,
ONLY APPEARANCES HERE OF MRS.
LESLIE CARTER
After Her London Triumph,
As ZAZA in
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAY
<A VerF'.on of Berton & Simon's Drama)
MRS. CARTER, by Special Request, will
Slve an Extra Matinee. ' '
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 27.
In Addition tr> the RoRular Saturday Matinee
PRICES— J2.00. Jl.DO, Jl.00. T3c and Kto
SEAT SALE B«4ins next
GRAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
AND
M. COQUELIN. '
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW MATINEE,
'LA DAMB AUX CAMELIAS."
TO-MORROW
Thursday and Friday evenings. "Cyrano de
Borirorac" ; Saturday matinee. instead of
"Phedre." by gren«ral request "La Tosca" will
be presented, to be followed by "Les Precieuses
Ridicules"; Saturday tvenln?, farewell night,
third act of "Cyrano <Ie Bergerac." third act
of "La Tosca." monologue by M. Coquelin, last
two acts of "La. Dam* am Camellae."
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT and M. COQUE-
LIX Will Appear In Every Performance.
Branch Ticket Offlce — Emporium.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Continuous Racinjr. Beginning Monday, Febru-
ary 11, 1901.
EIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Elx Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and Si/
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAY AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains !<>av« Third and Townsend streets for
Tanroran Park at 7. 10:40. 11:30 a. m.. 12:40, 1.
l:-0 and I p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
,11 ?r?» Franel8c ? Rt < ; 15 P- ni.. followed after
£«!S «~T i at 1 2 tPrvalR of a f^- minuies by
uiTZ. .n^th^- S " ats )n r * ar car " renewed for
issss s 5s d riirr!!irssr- ll^ mI " i «» ** ~ u ™*-
MILTOX s. LATHAM. Secretary
EDWARD POWERS. Reclng Secretary.
\ f> THE CREATE6T
/\ O I « MANDOLINIST IN THE
* m "-^ m J WORLD.
WEEK OF FEB. I8-60LDEN GATE HALL
GBAEBEK'S MANDOLIN CLUB, 100 Members
HAZEL LEZYNSKY, Soprano.
ABT uses and Indorses the Famous nicn
g5S? B Wh>Ch """^
FISCHER'S COr A CERT HOUSE.
Admission lOc.
The Leonla. ,Swor. McGreavey «nd Simr
Rosco *nd Sims, the Alcedos. Ruth Xelta C.*r'
tie Aneell, and Hlnrichs' augmented orch'enrl*
rteserved Seats. ZSc. Matinee Sunday!"
DAI A PC Thesc hotels p° s - I
I ALAllL sess . the attributes
, that tourists and
9nn travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
HRAMfi libcraI m ana ge -
UllHllLJ mew, modern ap-
llftTri ft pointments and
nUltLui Perfect, cuisin-
" American and Eu-
San FranCiSCO. ropcan plans.
I KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
jjji Proven territory, on line of railroad, for
gj cale. Fpler.did chance for those about to
I fcrm an oil cempany. NEWTON, CAH-
I MEN A EOMES (S. C. MASON. a«ent), :
I 101 Chronicle bldr.. San Francisco. -
•».AT..»
Now at the Great Challenge Sale
at the PATTOSIEN CO.,
16th and Mission Sts*
ADVEBTISEBTENTS.
JSgM CART ERS
S^osattvely cored by tbeco
little Pills.
TieyalsortUeve Distress Erorc Pj ijifiC
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A paw
Sect remtdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drcrvrei.
ness, Bad Taste to tbe Month, Coated Tcnguts
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Tfccy
Regulate the Bowda. . Pnrdy Vegetable. J
Small PIH» Small Doso.
BARGApirx!
200 SHORT ENDS AND f
SINGLE PANTS PATTERNS 1
ALL WOOL. |
PANTS made to order for w»
$4.50. f5. *R M
Former price waa $7. $3. $3. y!
Also about J0O SUIT LENGTHS, which El
are oCered $15.5«>. #2« K
Former price. t20, $23 and |30. a
* Perfect fit and best of workmanship §9
guaranteed. Samples sent free. - S
JOE POfiEIM, The Tailor, 1
Ml and 203 Montgomery st.. M
1110 and 1112 Market st-, R
BAN FRANCISCO. ||
143 S. Spring «t.. Los Anseles. CaL H
DBiMEYERSiCO.
Specialists, Disease jsjrps p
and weakness of J<sB
men. Established faX» ¦*^^5^^?\
1881. ConsultaUon sF&i f2&"^-f'
and private book VBiV 1 /#^ll
free, at office or by SSiiM V*95i
mall. Cures jruar- v&L^esPift^S*
anteed. T.'Il Mar- rs$!'S.^FH^M
ket street (.elevator
entrance). San v^Sjfl ~«§S!5:jSv
EVERY WOMAN
i is interested and should know i
.i^g^^sSNk about the wonderful
w^*S*V«\^ URDUCI WHIRLING
M^4wX BSAntftL spray
V (i \k< '', ii Injection and Suction.
' vVSS 5 V * \<\ Best— Safest— Most «;on-
venient. It Cleanses
X^^P^^. Instantly,
vortfnictbtferlt. \-^^
I VEL, tftepe u \, S— —^*>» ,-»
i ;t srnd s»mj> fcrflt«*. >>¦. f "">'.r'/y\J
ok— aonlrd. It ti^es f=:!l V,. / '''^
itn'J f'irediriMlrwlBable «\ /. dr
JIARYEL TO.. '¦'¦¦¦>•&
lion «t-. San Francisco. '^-^-^
-)R. JORDAN'S oheat«
UH OF AMATOMYf
i n»i2ISTa.Ut.fia*ri,S.J!'.CaL tf
1m Largest AjutoaieU Misnn in rte \
kl stMBW or *-»y contract r il 4
« IictI tl « rly cured by tic atdeu *
Uiucmtbk Ccasb £«. jtjpuv 9
•)RCA»H»8n ATE OtSEASES #
'tatioo Cr?« tsd strkfir private \
it pertomlly or by letter. A m
Wi im every case undertaken. T
• Boob. raiLoaomwri
V«E, MAILED F433. iA'
t for mra) \
>.. 10U Market SR..& F. f
nTdJ
1
AVOID THE CRIP
I by fortifying the eyetem by a generous, I
ttimulatire (liet. In yoareoupa and sauces I
esc a little of the well-known , 1
s
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
of Beef, nod take a cup of beef tea made
from it, when cold or tired.
Gctthocennlno If M^ ¦>•'-
and only efficacious, ji^/ ¦ Jlrl,* Jl^JrL*
signed fnblne: /})* -i-r-rr^y
-''^ Is only possible when your
feet are on the pedals, and behind the pedals
the reliable
MORROW COASTER BRAKE.
Adds one hundred per cent, to the pleasure of
cycling. . So!d by all dealen. Booklet free.
Eclipse Mfg. Co., Manufac'rs, Elraira,' N. \V %
For cale by all dealers in bicycles
and bicycle sundries.
aUSCELT^ANXOTIS.
J^ 7i/t I.TflF. M V. N TS.XEW TOEK. Feb. IS.— To-<lny -was one of
active epeculative liquidation tn the stock mar
ket. The bears took a very active part In the
day's rroceedings, both by short selling and
by manipulation for the decline, offering prices
down freely and boldly. There was not much
evidence of determined support except by the
rympathrtlc Influence cf the persistent strength
cf a few individual clocks. Besides the ex
traordinary movement in the eteel stocks there
was decided atrexurth shown by the new To
ledo, St. Louis and Western stocks, Str
Louls and E&n Francisco . second preferred,
Illinois Central, Amalgmated Copper and Con
solidated G»». There was evidence of con
tinued activity on the part of a bull pool In
Liverpool and other grangers showed some
sympathy at one time. There was some sup
port at Intervals, also rympathy with Dela
ware and Hudson, which was extremely erratic
ull day. It sold down 2 points and then got
£14 ov«- Saturday. There was a downward
plunge In tbe period of general wt-akness of S
points and the final rally left the net loss
only IV In the steel stocks lt was clear
enough that speculators were attempting to
ad1u5t prices to the supposed terms of ex
change of the existing securities Into the stock
of the new combination. The tape made lt
pretty clear that in the present condition of
the »4an of comblnatlen the preferred stocks
ere Intended to benefit In the exchange far
more th&n the common stocks. The first cla»s
«a« extraordinarily buoyant and the common
MockK f<ho««d *irns of demorallzatlrtl. Hoop
preferred advanced at one time 7Vi and other
tilr.1 1 by the preferred etocks were 7 by Tin Plate,
4%i by Fed/ral St«^l. 4 by Steel and Wire ami
2ii by nepu"blic Kteel. These advances were
.un»;M by tb« reaction In the market. Na
tional Tube led the decline In the . common
etooks cf the tteel companies, breaking 7 full
points, and closing at the lowest. The losses
cf the other* were partly recovered, but at one
time Colorado Fuel was down 4>4.' National
Fte?l and Tennessee Coal 4. Federal St«*»l 4%.
American Hoop 3»4, Steel and Wire 3'4 and Tin
T'late 2V In the general list the reaction ran
ell the »«)• from 1 to J'.S points. The wider
ln<ses were among those, storks, which have
been mwt manipulated for an advance, notably
the Southwestern*, including Missouri Pacific
and Kansas and Texas preferred and some of
the lately developed obscure stocks, mich • a*
n\-p.r.svi;ie and Terre Haute and the new North
American stock. It was clear the dubious our
laok for the money market was the impelling
cause of the liquidation and not any serious
doubt yet rntertalned over general conditions.
In Icct, t£e liquidation did not appear to b«
New York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were : as follows: Flour,
quiet. No. 3 spring -Wheat.' C8@74c; No.' ! red.
74'*®7S 1^c. No. 3 Corn.c 38?«c: > No. V 2. yellow,
CS^c. N'o. 2 Oats,'2a'^c; No. 2 white, 2SHc; No."
3 white, C7fi2Sc. No. 2 Rye, BlVic. Fair "to
Articles. Open. High. Low. Clos
Wheat No. 2—
February '... • 73% 74 73H 73U
March 74^ 74'/* n% U'A
May 75K- 75H • 75 r£
Corn No. 2— !~
February.....-.'; ¦ ..* 2*14
March .............. 39% 40T4 39»4 . 3914
May ¦ 41»i 41\ 40U ' 4CM6
Oats No. 2— - " . . ."
February 21H " 24»4 •¦' 24H u'u.
May 25H 25T4 25*4 25'i
Mess Pork, per bbl— , . ''
February. — .%- 13 S2%
May M 07V4 1* 07^ IS 97V4 14 02%
, Lard. Der 100 lbs— , , , "
Wrch :.'...:. 7 40 7 40 7 37U 7 3714
May 7 47»4 7 47# 7 42* 7 42&
July 7 47Vj .:.... 7 47U
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— .
February 7 00: .700, 6974 6 97>/4
May .7 05 . 7 071,4 ' 7 02% 7 02H
July 7 17V4 7 17& 7 15 7 15r
Provleions were not able to withstand the
local receipts of Hogs,' which were 14,000 head
In excess of tho number estimated Saturday
and the swift change In the previously bullish
condition of the Corn market. Transactions
weoe not Important. May Pork closed 12Uo
lower: Lard. 7V401Oc down; Ribs, 7Hc de
pressed. ¦ s . . • ¦
The leadlnc: futures ranged an follows:
An active trade was done In Oats. The mar
ket followed the Corn lead. May ; cloned Vic
lower at 25*£c.
Wheat yielded the palm to Corn' without -r a
protest and followed the larger market .with
great docility. Tim pit most of the sescion was
half deserted. May opened unchanged to H@^«c
higher at 75Vi@75«4c, . Influenced chiefly by the
opening Corn strength, although steady cables
and moderate Northwest receipts were contrlb
utary factors. New commission houBe buying,
coupled with covering by nervous shorts, caused
an early advance to • 75T4c. The Corn break
caused a reaction to 75c, and the close was
easy; May, %®%c lower at 75@75',4c.
CHICAGO, Feb. lS.-Corn held undisputed
eway on the Board of Trade* throughout the en
tire ' session. • The volume of business was
heavy the first two hours; lt was enormous the
remainder of the day. The pit waa crowded.
May opened Uc higher at 41»i@4196c There
was nothing particularly striking either in the
crop situation or the statistical- reports, but
ehorts were clamorous In ISelr -demands. Sev
eral millions changed hands at- the opening
figures, and after touching 4l>i«j 41',i<! the mar
ket was suddenly bid up to 41%c. Scarcely any
Corn changed hands on -this bulge. It seemed
as If everybody was a would-be purchaser.
Suddenly the market began to crumble. Where
a few minutes before scarcely any, Corn was to
be had millions of bushels were for sale. One
speculator was credited with getting rid of
S.CCO.OOO bushels, and others were not far be
hind. May declined to 40Vi@40%c and closed at
4i!%c, a net loes of %®%c. ; v
\ FLOUR— California, v Family." Extras, , J3 1KH
$3 tO. usual terms; Bakers'.' Extras,; J3 15@3 25;
Flou r and Millstu ffs;
CORN— The. market continues- neglected • and
nominal. - Yellow. $1 12%@1 15; White, $1 15;
Eastern," mixed,'- $1 12V4 per ctl."
, RYE— Continues weak and dull at HXQSoc
per ctl.
Whixe; $1 30@l 50; Surprise, nominal; • Red.
$1 2S(gl 40 for Feed and : $1 3501 45 for. Seed;
Gray., nominal: Black,; for Feed, $1 17H®1 20;
for <Jw«i. i\ 25«f?Jl 30 Der.ctl.V-:
OATS— Receipts yesterday were heavier than
for ¦ some ': time, Including 12.620 ctls from
Washington. . and the market was easier,
though prices did . not give ¦ way. The demand
was slow. •' • ' . ¦
Afternoon Se'sslon— May— 8000. ctls,
Second Session— No sales. ;
' ¦ Regular • Morning. Session— May— MOO ctls,
6Sc : 2000. : 6SVtc. -.- December— 2000. 6Sc.
CALL BOARD SALES
feed. 73^c ;for ; choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades;: Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77V4@82V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
-Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 38.000
ctls, « O0V4; 6000, |1. December— 2000, $1 04%;
6000, Jl 04«i.
8econd Session— May— 12,000 ctls, 99Jic De
cember-^OCO, $1 04%.
¦ Regular Morning Session— May— S000 > ctls.
99V4c; 10,000, 99%c:- 2000, 99^0. -¦ December— 2000,
U04%; 4000, »1 04%.
Afternoon ' Session— May— 12,000 ctls. 99%c;
18,000, 93V4c; 2000, 99%c. December— 6000, $1 04V«.
BARLEY— The order 'for Milwaukee :men
tioned several days ago has been filled, and 900
tons of fair brewing Is now going forward to
that point by rail. Otherwise there Is nothing
new. the market remaining dull at unchanged
prices. 1 ¦ ".• . •¦ ¦ ; ' - ' ¦ : . .'"¦.-¦
In the local markets there waa ' no further
decline on the spot, but . futures wero lower
with considerable selling. ;
. Spot . Wheat— Shipping, 93c; milling, 97',4c®
tl iciVj per ctl. ' JttWliMfli'P>r**1TEgTHall1||||B IB
WHEAT— The weekly figures yesterday, were
mostly against the- market. I The American
visible supply decreased 812,000 ¦ bushels and
the English visible supply decreased . 1,471,000
bushels, ' but the quantity on passage Increased
3,500,000 bushels, . and the world's shipments
were unusually heavy as follows,- In quarters:
Russian 90,000. Danubtan 82,000, Argentine 172,.
000. Australian 88,000. Broomhall cabled v that
navigation of the Danube had been resumed.
It waa a holiday at Paris, but Liverpool was
steady. New .York was lower.
Chicago was firm at the ' opening, with a
light and purely .speculative demand, but
there were few orders In the hands of com
mission- houses, and as the morning advanced
the weakness In corn affected wheat. ¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, fiO days — J4 85^i
Sterling Exchange, sight .....— 4 sSVi
Sterlins Cables — i S9h
New \ork Kxchange, light..... '. — 17^
New York Exchange. telegAphlo — J2V4
Silver, per ounce — 61Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60 & tl
Exchange and Biillion.
fc«n Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
weather Tuwiay. probably showers; fresh
southeasterly chunking to northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Han Franc!»co data: Maximum temperature,
5C-; minimum, 46; mean, t%.
WEATHtn CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The prespure ha« fallen rapidly during the
p ;. st twenty-f°ur hnur* alf>ng the ccast from
Poirt Reyes to Cape- Blanco. A small storm
lies off the toast of Northern California and
will probably move elowly snuthward.
The temperature has fallen over nearly all
of California and Nevada.
Ra4n has fallen from Point Conception to
Cap* Meadocir.o. The heaviest rain has been
In the vicinity of Fan Francisco.
It Is *lM>ting at Carson and snowir.ff at
Winnemucca.
Korccfrt ma<!r at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight Februarj' 19:
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Tuesday with shower*: fiesh southeast wind.
Southern California— Cloudy umw-ttled weath
er Tuesday, probably rain; fresh southerly
¦»in«l»>.
Nevada— Rain cr enow Tuesday; continued
cold weathpr.
i;tah— <noudy Tuppday; light north winds.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday, probably with
ehower*; brifk southerly «ind«.
DRIED FRUITS. • ,'.. ' ,
NEW YORK; Feb. 18.— A moderate demand
for export account was the principal feature
of Importance to-day In the market for evap
orated apples. This inspired a steady feeling
throughout the session. | State common, 3&@
i%c; prime. 4?485c; choice, S'/iigec; fancy, 6@7c.
California dried fruits were inactive, but
eteady.
PRUNES— Quoted at S^SS'^c per pound, as
to size and quality.
APRICOTS- Royal, 7*i012c; Moorpark, SU@
15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled. 6^4S10c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, quiet.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice, 7Hc;
mild market, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures,
closed steady in tone with prices, 10Q15 points
net higher. Total sales were 48,500 bags. In
cluding: March, $3 70; May. ?3 S0@5 90; July.
S5 hU(&5 SO; September. J5 9u@6; October, $5 90®
6 05; December, $6 15@6 20.
BCTTKIt— Receipts, 8000 packages; steady:
fresh creamery. 16 to 23c; June creamery, 15S»
roc; factory, Il<ifl5c. •
EGGS — Receipt** 8774 packages; steady. West
ern at mark, 16^jc; Southern at mark, 15H@16c.
Wheat— Receipts. 26,900 bushels; exports. 199,-
S00 bushels. Spot, weak. No. 2 red, 80'4c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 78*ic elevator; N'o. 1.
Northern Duluth, 84V4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 90c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady and for a. time advanced on prospect
tor a fair visible supply decrease. Their subse
quent actions, however, were more bearish In
keeping with a sharp break In corn and burden
tome'offerings for both accounts. Closed at %@
?i»c net decline, March closed, 79c; May, 79 1-16
(gh0%c, closed 79T»c; June, 79iiQ"9T4c, closed
79Hc.
WOOL— Dull.
NEW TORK, Feb. IS.— FLOUR— Receipts,
30.S2S bbls; exports, 33.S7S bbls. Dull again and
easier with top grades Ehaded a little to con
form to the droo In wheat.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«at*. as compared with those of same date
la«=t season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hour? :
CnOtb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAX<:iSCO. Feb. 1S-5 p. m
Weather Report.
Th» London Gmfers" Gazette of February 2
Mys of trade conditions in ea'.mon and fruits:
"While an air of dullness has prevailed gener
ally owing to th«» national mourning, rome ex
citement has »*en imparted to this market by
th« rpif-rted 1.->sf of the Ardnamurehan. which
has on t>oard about 72.(«>0 cases British Colum
bia talmnn. of which about 20.000 were ij-lb.
fiats. Rates of insurance varying between SO
and SO per cent have been paid during the week,
and definite information is anxiously awaited.
This reported loss has caused some amount of
Inquiry for British <>>luml>la salmon, but other
varieties are quiet without alteration in prices.
In Liverpool Th«re is a good inquiry for Alaska.
Calliornian fruits show no activity."
London Salmon Market.
""« Currents are dull and -»o lower for Provin
cials and ca=e p'xxjs. Fir* sr» unchanged, with
a Iittl*- hotter demand. Stocks are said to b»
rrvlerate. but sufficient to take care of the
usual spring trade. A fair business is reported
In dates, khsdrawi Is >»c lower at 2 7 ic
••Prime evapotfltcd apples are weaker. Goods
ar<» offered on the sjot at 4 s »c, and to arrive
trcra uii the State at 4Uc."
—The aprr<=cate business doirg in prunes Is of
very good projjortlor.s. but pales are as a gen
eral thing of lots of 1*0 to 150 boxes. There Is
rr.ore inquiry, however, for round blocks, but
»<- yr-t buyers show no disposition to approach
holders" idras. A fair trade is reported in Ore
pons at arnund quotations. Raisins were a
trifle easier yi-stTday, particularly for !-ortwn,
of which thrre vere offerings reported as low
as f'tc. Poir«- little business was reported on
that hasis. Three-erov. n can be had at S T *c.
N<> devel.'rnients Here heard of In seeded rais
ins, and the r*>|>oried speculative inquiry for
coast swvVri was dfnip-l in several quarters.
Mail rri>nrt* from New York Fay
w»r«> $3.T.T.:17. 8C«ins=t $311,432 In January. BWd
the dcfrripti^ns h'inK as follows: Gold cotn.
*2.W>.«»'>: ro!d bullion. $47,027: silver coin. $53.-
MC; Filver bullion. J~''\4M. The leading sources
were: Japin, JWttJOO; Australia. $373,3'.0: Mex
!<¦*>. $S«<U6«.
Fruits and Raisins in AYtt f York.
Irornrt* of specie at this port In January
Imports of Specie.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
S « a i? s c:. , Closing
feold. Stock— Bid ;
40.6WJ Atchison 5$
in 600 Atchison j>refd gsu
6,TOi Baltimore & Ohio SOU
Canadian Pacific W
l.*** Canada Southern £7
3.900 Chesapeake &. Ohio 40V, ;
LSOt Chicago Great Western 19 s i
151,700 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 145*i
7.200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 30*i
2,100 Chicaco. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 67
1.2U) Chicago & Kastern Illinois 108 ',
300 Chicago & Northwestern 172 ;
54.900 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 124% ,
400 C C C & St Louis 751^ •
4.100 Colorado Southern 9i» a
700 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd IS 1 ;
C2.6W Delaware & Hudson 169^
Delaware, .Lack & Western ...196
3.100 Denver & Riu Grande 40 «
600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 87 ,
14,100 Erie 2SVJ !
6.K1O Erie 1st prefd 6314 ,
4'j0 Great Northern prefd 19$
Hocking Coal 15
400 Hocking: Valley 4714
13,:.00 Illinois Central 132» t
200 Iowa Central 25',i
Iowa Central prefd 56
300 Lake Erie & Western 41
Lake Eri» & Western rirefd.... 110
Lake Shore 720
10.300 Louisville & Nashville 91ii
10,500 Manhattan Elevated H6*i
MM Metropolitan Street Railway 162»i '
2,100 Mexican Central 17U I
400 Minneapolis & St Lsuis 72U
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 106
12.7CO Missouri Pacific 86*i
300 Mobile £ Ohio 75^
3.100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 20'$ :
12.5O) Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 53V 4
100 New Jersey Central 153 ;
19.100 New York Central m« :
9,400 Norfolk & Western 453* 1
100 Norfolk & Western prefd S3 I
2* MW Northern Pacific S2«i 1
1.2OO Northern Pacific rrefd S6V,
8,400 Ontario & Western 31^, 1
' Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
\h.;M) Pennsylvania .- 14$%
S.M) Reading 3Hi
13.»v;0 Reading 1st prefd 74V
13.2'JO Reading 2d prefd 42> 4
Rio Grande Western 70
.'. Rio Grande Western prefd 93
E.600 ft Lou's & San Francisco Xvj
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd t2
1.3<">0 J?t Louis & San Fran 2d pr*fd 64'^
l.Vfl St Louis, Southwestern, .. v .... 26^4
4.20O St Louis, Southwestera prefd...'... EG
":.3OO St Paul , uo
St Paul prefj 190
St Paul Sz Omaha 125
29.400 Southern Pacific '. 44 l ,i
19,900 Southern Railway 22
9.SO0 Southern Railway prefd 74U
S.006 Texas & Pacific 2SH
<U.S«"iO Union Pacific 93«4
11. 5W Union Pacific .prefd S7?i,
4M*> Wabash 17>i
1.R00 Wabash prefd 29?&
6.»no Wheeling & Lake Erie 14>4
1.600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 3Ui
2,300 Wisconsin Central 1814
Third Avenue 120
100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 87»i
H.200 National Tube Si'/.
1,000 National Tube prefd 105 "
Express companies —
Adams 150
American 185
United States 57
Welle-VarRo 133
Mlswellaneruis—
£00 American Cotton Oil 23^
American Cotton Oil prefd 87
American Malting 4s;
American Malting prefd 21
12.4ftO American Smelting &. Refln 57^4
6.&00 Ameriran Smelting & Refln prefd.. 9S',i
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd -17
S.trtO American Steel Hoop 23
H.TV) American Steel Hoop prefd S's;
43.P0O American Steel & Wire f.i%
22.100 American Steel &. Wire prefd 97U
13.SW) American Tin Plate e.-,»i
9.600 American Tin Plate prefd 97
14.SO0 American Tobacco 116\i
American Tobacco prefd i4«u
1.400 Anaconda Mining Co 431^
12.300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7<!
9.2C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 42%
16.600 Continental Tobacco 44^4
2.100 Continental Tobacco prefd 91
£3.400 Federal Steel •— 43
£,0,500 Federal Steel prefd g;,%
2.100 General Electric 208
200 Glucose Sugar 4514
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 94
1,200 International Paper 2*1,1
600 International Paper prefd 72'
I^adede Gas. 731,4
600 National Biscuit 3x«i
„ Xs.tlor.al Biscuit prefd 83»£
30O National Lead 16^,
WO National l>ead prefd 85
11,:00 National f-teel <|
5,5*00 National Steel prefd 3j
-.. New York Air Brake 153 ¦
4.100 North American 2Z\i,
Pacific Coast .'. 53
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S8
Pacific Coast 2d prefd C7
400 Pacific Mail 40V4
4.000 People's Gas 100H
1.000 Pressed Steel Car , 36*i
J00 Pressed Steel Car prefd 76
iW Pullman Palace Car 35s
3W Standard Rope & Twine 44
56,800 Fugar .....V.:V;™.".;. 134^4
400 Sugar prefd 1191,4
14.300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 5914
14.600 United States Leather 12%
gOO United States Leather prefd ........ 74*4
COO United States Rubber 19%
100 United States Rubber prefd 6oii
15,700 Weotern Union S7;i
9.100 Amalgamated Copper Sfl
1.500 Kepublic Iron & Steel Co f.... 15^
6.100 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd .... 63V4
P C C &. St Louis -68 *
1.117,500 Shares Fold *
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg....lO5%]N Y Central . lsts.107
Do coup 105% N J Cen sen 5s...mt'
Do 3s reg 110«i (Northern Pa 3s... 70%
Do 3s coup U0»il Do 4s 10554
Do new 4s rep.. 137% N Y C & St L 4s.lO8
Do new v coup. 137% |Nor & Wn con 4S.102
Do old 4s r«g...ll2%IOregon Nav lsts.. 109
Do 4s coup.. ....113% Do 4r ...;. ..104
Do 5s reg -. .H0»i[ Oregon S; L 6s....i27*i
Do 6s coup 110% Do con 5s.. 316^4
DIs of Col 3.65s. ..123 Readlnar Gen 4s... 94ti
Atchlson gen 4s.. 103 R G W lsts .100
Do adj 4s 92',4StL & I M con 6s. 11 6%
Canada Sn 2ds....ll«U StL & £F Gen 6s.l30
Che» & O 4>4s.... 106 jSt Paul cons..;...lS5 •
Do 5s ..13)% St P C & Pa lsts.llSH
|C & N con^7* 140 I Do 5s I2fl\b
I Do S F Deb 6s. 124 f>uthera Pa 4S... 93«>i
Chicago Ter 4s.... 97# ( :J< Uhera.'Ky r. a ...^5^
voluntary, but was forced by the uneox-erlng
of stop-loss orders en the decline, which the
beam were able to effect. With the wiping
out o' margins, stocks were thrown on the
market to protect brokers and commission
house? which were carrying them for the cus
tomers. The call loan rate went to 2«£ per
cent during the day. but dropped back to 2
per cent, partly due to the receipt of a $300.0iX>
credit by one of the banks for Australian
gold arrived at San Francisco. There Is no ex
pectation, however, that closer conditions in
the money market will be escaped In the near
future. Bankers continue to express confidence
that there will be no actual stringency, but
such large requirements for credits to the
heavy financial transactions In oroRress still
remain to be met that sentiment over the
mnney outlook Is nervous.
Very larpe buying of Southern Pacific 4s
was the feature of the railroad bond market.
The tendency elsewhere was generally reac
tionary. Total sales, par value, J5,525,000.
I nited States old 4s advanced U per cent on
the last call.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, Feb. 18.— Wheat, quiet and little
doing. Blue Stem, S'&c: Club. 55c.
PORTLAND. Feb. IS.— In the local Wheat
market to-day there was very little doing. Some
eales of Walla Walla have been made at 65V4c
and even higher prices are reported paid in the
Interior.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. IS.— Clearings, $478,
143; balances. $59,044.
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot, dull: No. 1 California. 6s 2^d:
No. 2 red Western winter. Gs ll*id; No. 1,
Northern spring, 6s 3d. Futures, quiet; March,
Es ll«6d; May. Ss Cd.
CORN— Spot, new American, steady, 3s 11'fd:
do. old. firm, 4s 'id. Futures, quiet; February,
3s lHd; March, 3s 10d; May, Ss 9%d.
LONDON. Feb.? 18.— Silver. 2S%d; French
rentes. 102f 30c; cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady; cargoes Xo. 1 standard California, 29s
6d; English country markets, firm but not ac
tive: Imports Into United Kingdom, flour. 155,000
t>blB. : wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom. 3.2M.0C0; wheat and flour on passage
to Continent. 1.160.0CO.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 18.— Wheat, steady: No.
1- standard California, 6s 3',4d: French country
markets, part cheaper; weather In England,
C °c6TTOX-Uplands. 5 ll-32d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday. February 18, ns compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is an follows:
¦Wheat. 57.6S2.00O bushels; decrease, 612,000 bush
els. -Corn. 17.031.OCO bushels; Increase, 890.000
bushels. Oats. 1.032/00 bushels; Increase. 12. COO
bushels. Rye. 1.174.0CO bushels; decrease. 312.
000 bushels.. Barley, 1,669,000 bushels: decrease.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Feb. 1?.— Friends of cotton had
a trying time on 'Change to-day, while bears
scored successes the equal of which have not
been noted .in many weeks. The feature of
to-day's operations was the liquidation of Inrire
holdings by disheartened longs and the selling
of near- months by the reneral market. The
market opened stendy. with neer months 7
points higher to unchanged and far months un
changed to one point lower. The stability waa
ot brief duration, as soon after the call great
blocks of March cotton came out hurriedly,
which started active liquidation of May and
July.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— Business in tin In the
local metal market *was again fairly active' In
a speculative way with the feeling quite firm
at an advance of about 10 points. The strength
was lnj^art due to favorable Information from
London and the large shipments from this
country. Further advance, however, was ar
rested by expectations of heavy arrivals of tin
within the next week. The close here was firm
at 527*527 Cu, while at London final prices were
£123 10s for spot. The rest of the general list
displayed little If any .Important developments,
with trading chiefly of a hand-to-mouth order.
Copper remains in a small nominal condition,
closing at $17 for Lake Superior and $16 22 for
casting and electrolytic. Lead, though not
quotably lower, hori an easy undertone as the
result of the depression at London, where prices
closed at £14 17s 6d and the increase in present
stocks 'here. The close was dull at $t 37'i.
Spelter ruled quiet at $3 97Hrt?4 Co. while do
mestic iron markets exhibited a weak under
tone, but prices, however, remain practically
unchanged at $3 SOiJTlO 50 for plglron warrants.
New York Metal Market
CHICAGO. Feb. IS.— CATTLE— Receipts, 23.
0C0. Including 300 Texans; market generally
steady 'to , 10c lower. Texans. about steady;
good to prime steers. J4 80@6; poor, to medium,
$3 40@4 70; stockers and feeders, slow. $2 70®
4 40; cows,' $2 5004 10; heifers, $2 60(54 35; can
ners. $1 75(g2 45: bulls. $2 6004 20; calves, $4@
$6 50; Texas fed steers, $4<go05: Texas grass
steers. $3 30@ 3 90; Texas bulls. $2 50@3 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day 45,000: to-morrow, 33,
000: left over; 4000; market 5®10c lower; top,
$5 40. Mixed and butchers'. $5 £0#5 40; good to
choice heavy, $5 30<ff5 40; rough heavy, $5 loii?
5 25: light, $5 15® 5 37V-: bulk of sales, $5 30@5 35.
SHEEP — Receipts. 22.000; market steady;
lambs a shade lower. Good to choice wethers,
$3 SO<0>4 45: fair to choice mixed. $3 50i? 4 : West
ern sheep, $3 90<S4 45: Texas sheep, $2 50<g3 60:
native lambs, (4 25@5 20; Western lambs, $o@
5 15. - . : - ' > ,- .-
¦Wheat—- - -*.> :- ' Feb. May- Aug.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday..
Flour —
Opening '......... Holiday.
Closing ; Holiday.
Chicago Livestock Market. '.
LIVERPOOL.
' Wheat— . March.' May.
• Sterling Exchange lower. Silver unchanged.
Shipment of poo tons Barley to Milwaukee.
Oats easier under heavy receipts from the north.
Con: neglected and nominal. Rye zeeak and dull.
No change in Bran and Hay.
Beans end Seeds as previously quoted.
Onions firm, with light receipts. Potatoes unchanged.
Arrival of Tomatoes from Mexico.
Game loiver, zvith ample receipts.
Another decline in Eggs. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Oranges easier under larger arrivals.
Lemons zveak and dull. Limes scarce and firm.
Demand for Prunes continues to increase at Nczu York.
Dried Peaches and Plums weak in the local market.
Provisions continue steady, but very quiet.
No. 1 Hides firm and No. 2 dull and iveak.
Meat market lightly supplied and firm.
Increased imports of specie in January.
Local and oil stocks fairly active.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances, exclusive of the $150,-
COO.OCO gold reserve In the division of redemp
tion, shows: Available cash balance. $145,975.
852; gold, J75.315.C97. <
Condition of the Treasury.
•LONDON. Feb. 18. — Atchlson. 67%; Cana
dian Pacific, 93; Union Pacific preferred,
90^; Northern Pacific preferred, 89; Grand
Trunk, ~; Anaconda. 8%: bar silver, steady,
2S',*d per ounce; money, 4^4Vi per cent.
CLOSING.
Call rates were from 3 to ZM, although very
large repayments had "been made to the bank.
Time money, 3?i; bills. 3V> to 3H- The-fort
nightly copper report shows a decrease of 723
tons in stocks and G4S in visible supplies.
American shares were left entirely to* them
selves and they fell by their own weight. New
York was doing nothing in them to help the
movement either way. The weakest spots were
in New York Central, St. Paul and Southern
Pacific.
Though business on the Stock Exchange here
was meager to-day, the tendency of the gen
eral list was slightly upward and the tone waa
cheerful. This was due in part to the hope
that we have Dewet cornered, partly because
the street is counting on a reduction of the
bank rate to 4 per cent.
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. IS.— Money on call, steady,
2S2V4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3?i@
4>>4 per cent. Sterling exchange, steady at de
cline, with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 S7@4 87% for demand and at $4 S3?» for sixty
days. Posted rates, $4 84Vj<§* £5«4 and H iSip
4 SSVi. Commercial bills. $4 83Vi- Silver certifi
cates. C2@63c. . Bar silver, 61Uc. Mexican dol
lars, 47?«c.
Uonds— Government, strong; State, Inactive;
railroad, irregular.
New York Money Market.
% BOSTON STOCKS AND EONDS.
Money— Union Land 3
Call loans 2\i l 8l\i West End 93%
Time loans C@4 Westlnghouse Elec 60
Stocks — . ¦- Bonds — :
A T & Santa Fe.. 66!« Atchlson 4s .'. ...;.101Vi
Do prefd $x% XE Gas & Coke 6s 67V4
Amer Sugar 134^ Mining Shares-
Do prefd llg;t Adventure 13V4
Bell Telephone ...161 Bingham lS?i
Boston Elevated. .169 Amalg Copper 89-
Boston &. Maine. ..1S4 Atlantic .'.... -S\i
Chi Bur & Q '.I43»i Boston & Mont... .324
Dominion Coal ... 34 Butte & Boston... SI
Do prefd : 103>,£ Calumet & Hecla.S35
Federal Steel 49 Centennial 24
Do prefd SoU Franklin 21
Fitchburg prefd ..142 Humboldt 60
General Electric .208 Osceola 87
Do prefd 163 Parrot 49&
Ed Eleo IU.........24S) Quincy 175
Mexican Central . 17'i Santa Fe Copper.. 754
N IS Gas.& Coke. 13^j Tamarack 333
Old Colony 207>4 Utah Mining 34&
Old Dominion 34 .Winona 7
Rubber 19«J Wolverines SOU
Union Pacific 93U
Adams Con ....... 20 Little Chief .......'.¦ IS
Alice 43 Ontario .6 00
Breece ...2 00 Ophir 75
Brunswick Con ... 32|Phoenix 1 .. 09
Comstock Tunnel.. 04iPotosl 12
Con Cal & Va 1 65! Savage J2
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada '. 15
Horn Silver 140 Small Hope 60
Iron Silver ....'..... 63 Standard ...4 20
LeadviUe Con 06| :
Colorado Sn 4s.... 85« Stan R & T 6s.... 60
D & R G 4s 102 Texas & Pa lsts.118
Erie Gen -4s 84 Do 2ds ........:.. 93
F W & D C lsts..S3U Union Pa 4s.. 105
Gen Electric 5s...lfil>i Wabash lsts 119U
Iowa Central lsts.116 Do 2ds lOSVa
L & N Unified 4s.llKWi West Shore Is 115
M K.& T.2d? :%K wis Central U ts... 89
Do 4s .....97 Virg Centuries ... 96
MINING STOCKS. .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL CALL.
choice malting Barley, 49®3Sc. No.:i Flaxseed.
$161; No. 1 Northwestern. $164. Prime Tim
othy Seed. $4 35. Mess Pork, per barrel, $13 So.
Lard, per 100 pounds. $7 35@7 37^4. Short Ribs
sides, loose, $6 95. Dry salted Shoulders, boxed.
16 20. , Short CTear sides, boxed. $7 30®7 40.
Whisky, basis of high wines, $127. Clover,
contract grade. $11S11 15. - ¦ ' - - '
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 42.000 29,000
"Wheat, bushels .. 49.000 51.000
Corn, bushels 287.000 . 100.000
Oats, bushels .... 336.000 173,000
Rye. bushels 4.0C0 •
Barley, bushels .....: 34.000 - - 9.000
\On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet: Creamery. 14022c: dairies,
mi®lSc. Cheese, active. 10tf@U%c-- Eggs,
quiet; fresh. 15V-C.
VH1DES ' AND SKINS-^-Culls , and brands sell
about', lc ' under ¦ quotations. > Heavy • Salted
eteers," 9Vj©10c; medium, 9c; , light. 8@8Hc; Cow
Hides." 8Hc ' for heavy ¦¦* and 8^SHc > for light •
Stags, 68Ci*c ; r Salted Kip.", 9c ; Salted Veal. 99
' i No. 1 Hides are , quoted In very fair demand
and firm, but No. 2 are dull and grubby, stock
Is neglected and accumulating. Prices remain
as ¦ before.''':. i .. - "."_ .-' •:..¦! .; ,• ¦" ,
-COKED MEATS— Bacon, ll*ni*ic per 'b for
heavy;; 11^012c for. light .medium, 12%@i3 C for
UBht. 13H@14c for extra light : and 15@15Uc fo
clear. $19 50©20: Mess.' J17; Smoked Beef, 13;
per * pound. ¦•¦ -: : '- - ' - r . " - . -
-LARD-^Tierces quoted at.6^@«%e.per Jt> for
compound and 9Vlc for pure; half-barrels pure
9i/4c: - 10-lb '. tins.: 10c; 5-lb tins." 10Hc - ' ¦ ¦-',
- COTTOLENE— One . half-barrel., 8«4c:' three
half-barrels. •„ 8c; ;. one ; tierce. ,. 7%c: « two tierces
7* 4 c; f flve 1 tierces,, 7Sc perlb. \,
iHides, Tallozv,, Wool and Hops.
Dealers, are complaining of the dullness of
trade. Prices are unchanged.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13H<314%c for bright «nd 1!'4
613c for light amber; water; white extracted.
7-^eSc: light amber . extracted. «V487c; dark.
6®6V4c per lb. -~ - »
- BEESWAX— 14026c per lb.
NUTS-Chcstnuts. -8©10c per !b for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1, softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7^c: No.
1 hardshell. 9Vic: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. I2^i3a
frr papernhell.- 9®llc for Foftshell: Peanuts. 5
fi6c for- Eastern: Brazil . Nuts, lie: Filberts.
Ifc- Pecans. ll«13c: Cocoanuts, $3 £0®5.
The demand for Prunes In New York, which
has hitherto been conflned to small parcels,
has risen to the dignity of carload lots, but
buyers are still trylne to purchase under the
market Mall reports In the first column show
the condit'^n of that market. »
In the lo*al market pitted Plums arc reported
lower with forced sales at ¦ the decline.
Peaches are also being worked off at conces-
FRUITS— Apricots, £f?8c for Royals and 10®
live for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. Kii
S%4c- sun-dried. l^<?294c; Peaches. 3S3V4c for
standard. 4g4Vic for choice. and 5<S6c for
fancy Pears. 2<@7c; Plums, pitted,' 4@3c; un
pltted. lfllHc: Nectarines, 5&5UC for red and
BUOte for white. •
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: 30-40s. 7c;
40-5OS 6V4c: 50-6ns.-4Ue; 60-705. 3»ic; 70-SOs. 3^4c;
£0-90» " 2%c; 90-lOOs. 2%c: 100-12Cs, lV~c; rubies,
Uc premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joaquins
s iic less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
KAISINS — The Kalsln Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Itompson's fancy. -. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard 10c: prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c -per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOUc per
lh- choice, 9Mic; standard. S^c;. prime. 8c; un
bieached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6V4c 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown. EUc, and
4-crown; BHc; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
18-ounce, 7c; ¦ 12-ounce. '.. 6Vic; choice, 16-ounce,
S'ic 1 12-ounce, 6Hc: London Layers. 2-erown.
$160 per' box: 3-crown. $t 60; Fancy Clusters.
(2; Dehesa. $2 SO: Imperial.- $3. All prices t.o.
b. ¦ at 'common shipping points in California. •
Ten cars of Oranges came In. Seven were
auctioned at easier prices, as follows: Fancy
Vavels $1 45&1 95; choice do. $1 20S1 65; stand
ard do' Jl&l 20; . Lemons, $1 15@1 75; California
Limes,' In half Orange boxes,- $2 75; fancy
Tangerines, In quarter boxes, €3@70c.
Limes continue In limited supply and firm.
Lemons are still weak and dull. There is no
change in Apples and Bananas.
DE.CIL>UOIjS FRUITS—
APPLES— 35<g63c per box for common. 75c©
II £0 tor good to choice and $1 75@2 for fancy.
PEAP.P— «*•*<& *t "0 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1^2 23;
Seedlings. 50c<8$l 25; Tangartnes. _75c@Sl 50:
Japanese Mandarins, $1 50^1 75; Lemons. 25c@
$1 "3 for common and $1 50@2 for good to
choice- Grape Fruit. 75c@$l 60: Mexican Limes.
$5 50S6: California Limes, 25030c: Bananas. 73c
©175 per bunch; Pineapples, 75c6J2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts, 18c; seconds, 14c;
store, lie. • — »
. Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras. .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, . mil cream, 10c; choice,
9c; common, nominal: Youns -Americas, 10c;
Eastern full cream. 15016HC per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white. 16c; mixed
colors, lie per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 15c; standard,
; recond*. •
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard. :
seconds. ¦ I '•"•
Storage— California fancy, ; standard. ;
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds,
Another decline In Eggs Is noted. Receipts
are free, stocks are large, and were lt not for
a fair northern demand the market would prob
ably be still lower. The feeling Is weak. -
There is no change worthy of note In Cheese.
Butter stands -the same as far as quotations
are oencerned. but the market Is freely sup
plied and easy.
Receipts a» retiorted by the Dairy Ex
change were 63.200 pounds of Butter. 1202 cases
Eggs and 10.EOO pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— *
Creamery — Extras, 21c; firsts. 19c: second3.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Arrivals of Game continue chiefly Hare, and
as this description was in bad condition yes
terday lower prices resulted. Ducks were also
off. The total receipts were 130 sks. A good
many Hare were condemned by the health au
thorities.
Several cars of Eastern Poultry which were
expected were caught on the, other side of the
wreck on the Central Pacific in Nevada, hence
the usual offerings of Eastern stock were lack
ing yesterday. "" .
f OULTKY- Live Turkeys, ll<313c for Gob
blers and 12@14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
13ffT16c; Geese, per pair. ?150(?2; Goslings, J2 50
@2 73; Ducks. K 50#5 for old and $C&? 50 for
young; Hens, $3 50@5: Young Roosters, J5@
6: Old Hoosters. S3 5004 50; Fryers. J5@«>:
Broilers. $5@5 50 for large and ,*3 50®4 50 for
tmall; Pigeons, $101 00 per dozen for old and
$2 5003 for Sauabs. '
GAME— Quail, $1 23©1 60; - Mallard. $4^4 50;
Canvasback. *3 SO'SS; Sprig. $36-3 50: Teal. J2 50;
Widgeon, » 75®C; Small Dut:k, *t 25; Black
Jack. »1 25<3>1 50; Gray Geese, $3 £0; White
Geese. U@l 50; Brant. $1 50 for small, and $2
for large; Honkers, 13® I 50; English Snipe,
$2 50-03; Jack Snipe, $1256150: Hare.- 60c!gJl:
Rabbits. Jl@l 25 for Cottontail and 75c for
Brush; Pigeons, $1 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
High prices still rule for Vegetables. Ar
rival of 335 boxes Mexican Tomatoes. Mar
rowfat Squash Is higher.
POTATOES— Early Itcse, 65@7ac; Burbanks.
35©50c for River. *1©1 25 per ctl for Salinas
and 65c@il 10 for Oregon: Garnet Chile*, from
Oregon. 50@70c; Sweets, SScSU 10 for Merced.
ONIONS— $3@3 50 per ctl; Cut Onions, |1 50®
2 25 T)Ci* Ctl
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 15c: Asparagus,
from Sacramento. tO<330c for forced and 30©
40c for natural; from Alameda and - BouMIn
Island, — : Green Peas, 5£8c per lb; String
Beans, 12H®15c; Cabbage. «l; Tomatoes, Los
Angeles, 50cQ$l 75 per crate; from Mexico.
$1 50«?2 per crate: Egg Plant, Los Angeles,
15@25c per. lb; Green Peppers. Los Angeles,
15@25c per lb for Chile and 25<@30c for Bell;
Dried Peppers, S'&llc;' Dry Okra. 10©15c per lb;
Carrots. 25® Sec per box; Hothous- ruriirnbers
— per dozen; Summer Squash. ?1 50@2 Zo per
box- Garlic. i^'S^r; per lb; Marrowfat Souaah,
J25(J?C0 per ton; Mushrooms, 10@20c per lb.
Onions continue In light receipt at the
good prices. There it no particular change
There' Is a fair demand for Beans at pre
vious prices. Seeds remain as' before.
EEANS — Bayos. »3 50®2 75: Small White.
$4 6004 90; Large White. $4®4 25: Pink. $2 15®
2 35; Red, $3@3 50; -Blackeye. J3©3 25; LI mas,
|5 6005 70: Pea, cleaned up and nominal: Red
Kidney. »3 75®4 per ctl. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal ;. Flax, $2 5003; Canary. 8H®
3\c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7H08%e for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 232tfc; Hemp.
$2®2 50: Green. C 70
QZ per ctl ; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay and ¦ Feedstuff s.
Dealers report the Hay market In good
shape for sellers, while Bran rules firm under
light supplies. ¦- ¦,
BRAN-J16@17 per t==.
MIDDLINGS— $18 50®19 50 per ton. ,
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. tl6@l< 50 per
»on: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing.
126 E0; Cocoanut Cake, ?17@18: Corn Meal, J25
025 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50@25; Mixed Feed.
S15@18.
HAT — Volunteer, >$5®S: Wheat, Jll@13:
Wheat and Oat, .$9012: Oat. »9©U 60: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. *S®9 50; Barley, »7 50®3 50
Pe STRAW-33©47Hc per. bale.
Oregon^ J2 7502 85 per " barrel, for family "and
$2 7503 for bakers': Washington, bakers". -V 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual > discount " to - the trade: -Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs r Rye Flour^ J2 75; Rye
Meal $2 M: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra' cream do. $3 50;' Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny W 60@3 75:, Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 M;
Cracked Wheat,- $3 50: Farina. »4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), <6@
7 25; in sacks, $5 7507; Pearl Barley. $5; Spilt
Peas $5; Green Peas. J5 50 per 100 lbs.
££* .^ fustic .fV-fe
A «* • C3 04 Kentuck ....... 01 C3
Caledonia 7J 75 Overn-a-i "* i» ¦>%
Challenge Con., is 20 PotSi « }%¦
Confidence 71 7? Scorpion li
Con Cal & Va..l K l :r> s4 aSrw""' m SI
Con Imperial... ft 02 Pifrra v-vlrfi* « ?I
Con New York. H M v «ni S It
Crown Point... it is 8 t LmS/ as i2
Eureka Con M - £*££££ . S t l £
Exchequer 01 C2 Svnd'cat* J»
Gould & Curry. 23 30 Union Con'. n
Hale & Norcrs. IS 2o!x;tah t? «i»
CLOSING QUOTATIOX3.
SO Kern Ot! Co •••••« M . MM . 13 n-^
«oo uon on co ..rrrrr ?
900 McKlttrlck Consolidated Ji
130 Monarch, of Arizona * Jr
10O Monarch of Arizona Si
IOO Monarch of Arizona - ~
500 Monarch of Arizona, b W * ii
1C0O Monte Crl3tO .
SO Peerless I**
1600 Petroleum Center * Jlf*
4000 Petroleum Center, m 30 —..^ "* ii
500 Petroleum Center " ,2
143 Petroleum Center ** 11
150 Senator ~~^I I to
MINING STOCKS.
FoIIowlnic were the sales In th« p» n »_
Cisco Stock and Exchanga Board yestard/J^"
Morning Session. *"
100 Best & Belcher 28 5J0 Ophlr
600 Best & Belcher 23 1C0 Ophfr ** **
200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Sierra 'nv^V I!
IOO Gould & Curry. 331 700 Union Co*, *" 1!
400 Hale & Norcra. 22 100 Utah. ¦ H
200 Mexican 2S| "~ *>
Afternoon Session.
M0 Belcher 15 IOO Ophlr
MO Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Silver Km" 1 —
30O Hale Se Norcrs. IS 7C0 Sliver Hr'""* ?*
100 Mexican 23 200 Uulon Co-i II
200 Occidental 07 1-<!l1 «
Following wer» th« sales la th« Pv:ia« n .
Exchange yesterday: -«-iaa BtocSc
Mornlnj Session.
2M Best & Belcher 23 100 Ochfy
2M Con Cal & V...1 73 300 Oph r «
850 Con Cal & V.I 72^ 5C0 Oih - So
:oo con Cal & v.,.i :o i^ ojhh 7?
450 Con Cal & V.I 67H 300 Ochr
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 171 2C0 Onhir —
150 Con Cal & V.I 67lJ 300 Sierra *V«VV F
Bay C P Co....l05> 4 lC6 Oak W Co 5s. — 102
Cal-st Cab 5s..H6Vi — Oceanic S S Ss.lCS ICO
C C Water 5s.. — 1C9 Om C R «s....l2S —
E L & P 63...12S«il33i; Pac G Imp 4s.lOO —
F & Cl Ry 6S..114V, — Pk & Cl R 6a. 105 — .
Oeary-st R 5s.. — — Pk & O R €s.. — — "
Haw C 5^s....lOSU — Powell-st R 6S.120U —
Do 5s 103*3 — S E G A R as — "lCO
L A R R 5s.. .112^ — S F & SJV 5s.. 120 —
L O Lt 6s — — e R of Cal 6s. 110 . —
Do sntd 6s.. — 104 S P of A 6s. ..112 —
Do gntd as.. — — S P C Ej (1305J
L A P R 5s.. .102 — Series A 110'i —
Markt-st C 6s. 128 — Do (Series B)110»i —
Do 1st c 5s..lSS<& — Do <190«) 113",—
N C N G R 7s. — 113',£ Do (19U) 1223* —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — S P C 1st g 5s. 106V, —
Do os.. ...... .120Vini S P Br R 63..132 —
NPCRR 6s.lCltfc — S V Water £s..H3 US
DoJs 10S«i — . Do 4? 104 —
N C n R 5S..U1H — Do 3d mt*-...10;»il03»i
O G L & H 5s.H2*4 — Stkn G Jt K Ss — 106
Oak Tr Co 6c.n5Vill6>i
-WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70»i — jllarln County. 52# —
Spring Valley. 94 94'^t , .
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pac Lt Co 44 —
Equit Gas 3H Z\' 3 Sac E G & R. — 37«£
Mut Elec Lt... -7% - S F G & E.... 4tM 49
0 G L & II... — 50 San Francisco. 4-S 4»i
Pac Gas Imp.. 44 — Stktn G & E... — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS..
Flrem's Fund.. 232 — ).
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 — .|Lon P & A. ...144 130
Bank of Cal... 410 — Mer Ex (Ilq)... 16 —
Cal Safe Dep. — 107 S F National.. — 123
1st N of S F.. - U2'i
'.://' SAVINGS BANKS.
German- — 1S30 Sav & Loan... — — .'
Humboldt — — Security 173 —
"Mutual 50 — .Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U 512 1 , — '
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st ..135 140 |O S L & H 40 —
Geary-st 47*3 — jPresidlo IS 20
Market-st G>Sa e»'il
POWDER. STOCKS.
California 150 — iVIsorit 3^ 3?4
Giant Con S*Ti S3 \
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan 8T4 9 KUauea 24 24»J
Haw Com S3; 8 — Makawe.ll 44?; 43', 4
Honokaa 31 34»i Onomca 2S?i 31
Hutch S P..... 27'i 27V. Paauhau 34»i —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. -
Alaska P A...125U — lOceanlc SS Co. 99 1C1
Cal Fruit Can. — IOo Irac A FA 2 >¦ —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — fPac C Bor Co.lo.1 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 1(24 — I ParfT Paint Co 12i, —
.:' '¦-"- ' Morning Session.
Board —
13 Alaska Packers" Assn 125 23
% 85 Cal Wine Assn ioo CO
10 Giant Powder Ccn gj oo
2C0 Honokaa S Co 33 75
25 KUauea S P Co 24 00
5 Makawell S Co 43 00
ICO Onomea S Co 23 75
1(6 Paauhau S P Co 34 75
120 Presidio R R \% 00
250 Spring Valley Water 94 00
$26,000- Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 103 00
Street—
55 Hawaiian * Com'l & Sugar SS 50
400 Mutual Electric Light 7 50
Afternoon Session.
Boardr— *¦-'.;¦• -
20 Cal Wine Assn 100 CO ¦
10 Con tea Costa Water .L. 70 CO
. GO Contra Costa Water/ "0 25
73 Equitable Gas : 3 37Vi
73 Equitable Gas ..' 3 50'
22» Hana Plantation Co. b 15.... 9 00
10i> Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar SS 00 .
110 Honokaa S Co 33 75 I
113 Honokaa S Co.. 33 62Vs
120 Honokaa S Co ..•. 33 %~,\ %
300 Hcnokaa SCo 34 00'
lCO.iIakawe» S Co ,-'. 45 CO
30 Oakland Gas ...; aO-OU
10 Paauhau S P Co .'.^i.. 34 73
W S K Gas & BMectrlc Co 4S 624
E0 S F Ges & Electric Co 43 50
5 Spring Valley Water 9100
$10,000 Spring Valley 6s 115^
Street —
5 Bank of California 410 50
50 Ilonokaa S Co .....'. 33 73
iO Kilauea S P Co 24 00
J?000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 120 62^
2C0 Onomea S Co i 29 75
50 Paauhau S P Co 3t 75
$3000 S P of A bonds.. .........112 CO
J40C0 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge)... ..103 00
PRODUCERS* plL EXCHANGE.
Mcrnlns Session.
Beard— ,
100 Bear FIck 42
lOOO^Cala-Standard " sa
300 Four Oil Co S3
¦ 100 Gd<l Dollar ".'.;;.-.;- >*»« 4 
£0 Home Oil ......<.... 4 it)
200 Independence jj
. SCO Lion Oil Co .:....• .'22
600 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 -. 73
10OO Monarch of Arizona .......'. - 0 "
; SOO^Ionte Crlsto ....... .V • SO
300 Occidental of WAa ...; 7t) v
¦- 25 Peerless ...... .....*.. .....' g 87l /
3700 Petroleum Center *.....„ j S "
-ICO Tteed Crude Oil Co....::..... M
100 Senator "•-• ; CO
Afternoon Session.
1 '- Beard— ,r ;¦'¦
250 El Oro $0
IOO El Dorado 2 00 :
'. 20<) Four OH Co ' • 59
.1200 Gold Dollar .'..... 42
--. 2 Hanford" .....113 CO
:1CO Home OH. » 30 '4 40
lOOO Independence .../. 17 ;.
100 Junction, b 30 7;;
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bid.Ask.i Bid. Ask.
U S 4s coup....H3 ; ?;m\i U S 4s cpfnewM^ns'i
Do 4s reg 113^114'.,' Do 3s coup... — ' 112
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAY. Feb. IS— 2 p. m.
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange waa fair, and the sugar stocks were
firm at about Saturday's prices. Hawaiian ad
vanced to $S6 50.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was weaker
at J4S fZ'iigjS 50. and Contra Costa Water
firmer at $70i&70 25.
On the morning session of the Oil Exchange
there were no fluctuations worthy of note.
Trading was fair. In the afternoon Monarch
of Arizona advanced tcr 75c.
Hawaiian Commercial will pay a dividend of
50c on the 23th.
The Mexican Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 15c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY 1J.
Flour, qr sks 27.350; Straw, tons 73
Wheat, ctls 7.643 Onions, sks 190
Karley, ctls 14.930! Pelts, bdls.. 45
Oats, ctls l.OSo! Hides. No ICO
Sucar. ctls 1,360 Brandy, gals 1500
Tallow, ctls 272. Wine, gals 94,200
Lime, bbls 135JLeather. rolls US
Potatoes, sks 2.530 Quicksilver, flsks 38
Bran, sks 2,000 Wool ba>s 116
Middlings. sk3.... 340: Alfalfa, sks 7
Hay, ton3 .. 639 1 Shorts, sks * ISO
OREGON. ";=-
Flour, qr 6ks 10.092IOats. ctls 650
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 2,632!Bran, sks ... 3,400
Oats, ctls 12.820!
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 2,4401
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. IS «5: Calcutta.
Grain Ba»j. June and July. *Mc; local make.
6%c; Wool Bags. 30©32%c; Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, JJ per ton; Bouthfleld
Wellington, 15; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay. Jo 60: Wallsend. V: Co-operative Walls
end. J9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and J13 25 In
cacks: , Pennsylvania Anthracite Egr. *H:
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per ZCOO lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.Soc: Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Magnolia A, 5.35c; Extra C,
5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c: barrels. 10c more: half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c mor',; 50-lb bags,
10c more.- No orders taken for 'less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.50c: boxep. 6.73c per lb.
General Merchandise.
. Tht market roles nrm all around at un
changed prices, with light supplies.
BEEF— 7@8c for Bteers and 6@7%c per lb for
cows. r . '„ ...
VEAL— Lance. 7@Se; small. 9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 10®10*4c; Ewes. ICo per
WQl2\io per lb; eprlng. 12H©13o per
P PORK— Live Hoes, 6\lo for small and 6}io
for medium and 6c for large ; -stock Hogs, 5Hc;
feeders. 5%c; dressed Hogs. 8®3}4o.
San Francisco Meat Market.
lCc: Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 13H1J1«£
Culls. 13%ei4c: dry Kip. 15©l«c: Dry Calf. 18®
17c: , culls and brands. 14913c : Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20®30c each; short Wool. 30©5£o
each: medium, 60®75c: Ion* Wool. 75eS*t each;
Horse Hides, salt, *2 5082 73 for large and $20
'25 for medium. $123 for small and 50c for
colts; Horse Hides, dry. « 75 for large. 1160
for riedlum *1 Zi for small and EOc for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c; ta.Ur or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
cmooth. 60c; medium. 35c. .;,_':„ ,.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. *'<i@i%a per lb;
No. 2. 4a*%c; srease. :©2Hc.
WOOL— Spring Clip la quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c: Northern, defective. 12®
He- Middle County, free. 15®lfic: Middle Coun
ty " defective, 12©14c: Southern Mountain. 13
months'. 9@16c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months' ll®12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. SSJllc: Humboldt and Mendodno, 13
Fail Cllp^-San Joaquln. 6%©Sc: do lambs. 8(0
9c: Middle County. 9@10c : Northern Mountain,
free 10@llc; Southern Mountain. 7H93Vio;
Humboldt and Mendodno. ll®12c per lb.
HOPS— 15®20c per lb. » '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
68UC.
PARIS.
8
ST.A
»xs.
' L.3
:« h
;t | This
urs Season.
! La£t
i S«aFon
Eun
tka
} I 34.16
I 25.60
Far:
Fan
Fr»»
Fail
Los
San
raw
i Fra
fpcil'
Ang
i Difi
aff?
ept«
anri
£ a
is (
rek
0
<l
A
M
xa
a'"
me
.00
I 1J.5S
; ! 14.44 !
5 -15.=5
- I S.44
-e I :6.ttS
'• 13o3
0 S.50
15.57
13.t9
14. &9
6.19
:.O9
4.a7
2.6J
ST.A
»xs.
' L.3
:« h
;t | This
urs Season.
! La£t
i S«aFon
Eun
tka
} I 34.16
I 25.60
Far:
Fan
Fr»»
Fail
Los
San
raw
i Fra
fpcil'
Ang
i Difi
aff?
ept«
anri
£ a
is (
rek
0
<l
A
M
xa
a'"
me
.00
I 1J.5S
; ! 14.44 !
5 -15.=5
- I S.44
-e I :6.ttS
'• 13o3
0 S.50
15.57
13.t9
14. &9
6.19
:.O9
4.a7
2.6J
OCEAN THAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. Steamers leave Broadway
»t wharf. San fran^isco-
|K>>>^. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. n..
tSS"fi«Sv F * b - **• w - 25 - March 2.
EjpiirgSfcj^. Char.R-q to corr.rar.y's steaaera
B^^^5^*y For Victoria. VancouT»r (B
m^Nl C). Port Towr.send. Seattle,
r^^UAs Tacoma. Kverett. ATrac-rt?';!
and Xew Whatcom iWajs.l-
U a. m.. Feb 15. 20. IS. March
2 and every fifth day thereafter. Chango at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. 5C. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m.. Feb. 17.
22. 27. March 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles nnd Redondo (Lcs
Angeles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. Jin.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Ilarford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Coror.a. Fridays. 9 l in.; rteamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose d«l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosall%
and Gnaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. "th each month.
For further Information obtain' company*
folders.
The company reserves the right to eh«n^
steamers, sailing dates and hours of Balling
without previous notice'.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hete!>.
GOODALL, PFRKIN'S * CO.. Gen. Arts..
ID Market st.. San Francisco.
THE O.i R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST, STEAMEKS TO
PORTLAND
>¦ ; From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE S'2 First Class including Bsrth
I AnC SS Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Falls Feb. ». M.ir. 4
GKO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. 9
Short Lin* to Walla Walla. Spok-tne. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Tl rough tickets to all point* East.
E. C WARD. General A sent.
(30 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAiSHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARP/ COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HON'GKO.VG. calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting nt Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. Xo cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
ES. NIPPON MARU
Tuesdar. February 19. 1901
«!<? AMERICA MARC... Friday. March 13. 1901
SS' HONGKONG MARC........ ••;--
Tuesday. April 9. I**!
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and ravage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
~ AMERICAN LINE.
HSW YORK, BOUTHAMPTOS. LOIfDOi*. PAS11 vj
Stopping at Cherbourg. • westbound. ' j
From New Tork Everr "Wednesday. 10 a. m. *
New Tork :.Feb. ZTlNew Tork.... March 20
Vaderland March 6 Vaderland ...March 27
St. Louis March »ISt. Louis April 3
• RED STAR LINE:
New York and Antwan*.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frtesland Feb. 271 Kensington ..March W
Southwark ...March fi N'oordland ....March 27
¦Westernland. .March JSlFrlesIand April 3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION' COMPAST,
I>i*.iwa CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coart.
30 Montgomery street.
V VVmfllV Cttf'VUi DIRECT USE TO TAHITI-
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only>
Saturday. February 23. 2 p. as.
SS SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
'Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. March 6. at 9 p. nu
65. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. ......«i... ......
Wednesday, March 13. 4 p. m.
i. 3.SPSEGKELS & BEOS. CO., Baeral Agsrts. 327 Karht SI
Bea'l Passer Otfe, 643 Mirtst St., Pfer Ka. 7, Pacfls St
n AM AM A D D steamsht?
rANAKlA n. n» line
To HEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
' Cabin. $105: Steerage. $10.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
SS. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
From wharf, foot cf Fremont »t.. at 2 p. m.
Frelzht and pa-wnwr office. 320 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, TaclHc Coast Anent.
PACIIIO STEAM HAV1SAT10S CO. AND '
COMPANIA SOD AMERICANA DS VA703E3
To Valparaiso, etopplns at Mexican. Central
and South American pcrts. From section No.
> Seawall. Sailing: ¦ .
S3. PALENA February 22. 13C1. »e 1- rn
S3. COLOMBIA March T. \m
SS. TUCAPEL. March A J901
*^S AREQCIPA .April. *• *"^'
» Tbese steamers "are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger »erT ! JT; , *^?
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger of fee. 216 California »<r eet -. M _ t -
BALFOUR. GCTHRIE & CO.. Agenta.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN Lj NE *
loMPAdllS SOBS^ TSAN3AT1ANTIQTJ2.
.DIPFCT LINE TO H.W RE-PARIS.
S «ay mst^a of
x^h mVer foot of Morton street. Flrst-clas,
r* 0l ?ia2S "is and upward Second class to
'° a "» Tr^ iSf upwart. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. SJ
S2S,iw^ (Hudson bnlldlns). New TorU. J.
?^riTo\ZI * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. J
Mnnteomery "venue. San Francisco. Tlcketi
soM^y an Railroad Ticket Agents.
~^ A Y AND BIVJ2H STEAMEKS.
Ste»»"'?T "Mnntlcelln."
MON, Tues.. -TTed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:U
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. I
p. ml Landing and office. Mlsaton-street Dock,
Pier . No. t. Telephone Main 1308.Kansas no .longer bleed-!. She bora*.
And the shame of it will sear her aoul for
ever. : ..
TWO BOYS ABE ACCUSED
OF STEALING HORSES
Frar.i-if Lee. a boy 1<5 year? of ape. was
booked at the City Prison yesterday on
two charf* of prar.d larceny. He is ac
cuf*i. nl^rsr with Parley Wetzel. a boy
about his own a«re. who Uvea at Van Ness
ar.d Willow avf-nur*. of stealir.fr a horse
and b'jpcv Saturday belonging to W. C
R8i?rh. 2'3 Srott street, and a saddle
hor^e. txionprn^ to Attorney E. A. Bridg
vnod.
The poli 1 -" were notified of the theft of
Raiffh'F ris. and Policeman Joseph Flynn
fsw two boys taking a saddle horse to an
cnased barn off Rroderiok MrcPt. between
K<1<1y nr.rt Ti:rk rtrcejs. Sundav night. He
followed them ard j=u'-ce<vf1ed in arresting
I.e*>. but Wetzt-l Fucreeded in making his
fpcare. Raifrh's hor?e and busrgy were
found in the barn by Flynn. and the sad
<ilr hoTSP was afterward id"nt!flp<J as the
f>v,r> ?ti]fn from Attorney Bridgford. The
y.o'iioe are ftearr-hing for WetXeL
L*» throws the whole blame upon
TTetzel. H«- fax&t* knowing anything
ebout tho th<-ft of Reich's ritr. and says
waF standing at S^ott nrd Turk streets
Funda-.- ?!*srht wh**n W>tzel came alonsr on
norset-ark uv.<\ asV.ed him to go with him
to the tarn. as» he wanted to Mable the
riorfe for the night- When they got there
T\*«?T5!' % 1 cave him a pl*^e of candle, which
Y.f !!t a':«1 <->p«--nf"1 the burn door. Just
tVi<*n the policeman rame In and arrested
him.
INTERESTS THE COAST,
Pensions Issued.
Postoffice and Army Changes and
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18.— PostofHce dis
continued: Oregon— Neet. Douglas .Coun
ts': send mail to Perdue.
Postmaster appointed: Oregon — Belle
Wade, Gardner, Douglas County, vice F.
H. Rogers, resigned.
Army order— Captain Charles M. Gandy,
assistant surgeon, r.ow at Fort Slocum.
New York, upon being relieved by Major
William P. Kendall, surgeon, will proceed
to San Francisco and Manila for assign
ment to duty in the Philippines.
Naval orders— Commander. R. R. Inger
soll Is detached from the New York yard
to the Asiatic station, to command the
Bennlngton. sailing March 7. Commander
C. H. Arnold iM detached from command
of the Bennin??ton to home. to. await or
ders. Commander W. Swift is detached
from the command of the Prairie to the
Asiatic squadron, to command the Con
cord, sailing from San Francisco March
7. Commander H. G. O. Colby is detached
from the command of the Concord home,
to await orders. Lieutenant Commander
IJ. O. Scott is detached from the York
town home. Lieutenant Commander W.
R: A. Rooney is ordered to the Yorktown.
First Lieutenants S. Elliot and A. E.
Harding, marine corps, are detached from
Cavlte station to Mare Island.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
Richard D. Berry, Monterey, $6; John
Doyle, Dixon, $6. Special accrued Febru
ary 7— Napoleon Edwards, Stockton, $12.
Additional— Darwin O. LIvermore, Los
Gatos. $12; Francis B. Puff. San Diego. $12.
Renewal— William B. Benchley. San Fran
cisco. $S. Increase — Martin Murray, San
Francisco. $S; James* W. Mtlstead,- Los
Angeles, IS. Reissue— Patrick Henry Mur
rhy. Petaluma. $8. Original widows— Oma
R. Miller. Berkeley. $8. War with Spain,
widows — Lee E. Arnot. Oakland. $12.
Oregon— Additional— Robert M. Wick
ham, Oregon City, $8. War with Spain,
original— Georg? M. Hays. Pendleton, $6.
Washington— Original— Peter J. Pauchot,
Auburn. $6; George W. Bullene ' (dead).
Seattle. $12. Additional— James E. Chl
chester. Mountain View, $6. Increase —
John E. Coursey, Seattle, $S.
Representative Wilson -of Idaho to-day
favorably reported . from the Irrigation
Committee the Newlands bill, providing
for the irrigation of arid lands. The meas
ure will probably not be considered at this
Fession. but the salient features of the hill
may be incorporated as an amendment to
the sundry civil appropriation bill in the
Senate.
KILLS THE BULLY WHO
HOLDS HIM OVER STOVE
Slayer of Harry Rowand at De Nbro
Surrenders and Pleads
Self-Defense.
GREENWOOD, B. C. Feb. IS.— James
F. McGill de Riverre is In jail charged
with the murder of Harry Rowand, who
was killed at Dc Noro last night. De
Riverre is a .French Canadian, who
formerly was a civil engineer in, the ser
vice of the Crows Nest Pass Railway.
He has lately been made the victim of
several practical Jokesat the De Noro
mining camp. De Riverre killed Rowand
with a four-inch caseknife, and while De
Riverre admits that it was his hand that
gave the fatal blow, he declares It was in
self-defense. Circumstantial evidence In
a measure confirms this view, for Rowand
had been drinking, and not finding much
excitement in joking the little Frenchman
attempted to hold him over a red-hot
stove. It was then that the knife was
used. De J Riverre subsequently surren
dered to the provincial police. The de
ceased was formerly a railway paymaster
in the East. _ ._
REFUSE TO PROSECUTE
A CONFESSED MTJBDEREB
SACRAMENTO. Feb. IS.— On Christmas
night H. Green walked into the police sta
tion and asked to be locked up, saying
that he had murdered a man named Owen
Fe'eney in Michigan twenty-five years
ago. "The Michigan authorities ; asked
that tire man be held, and said they would
send for him. To-day Chief of Police Sul
livan received a telegram from the.Prose
cuting Attorney at Harrison, Mich., ask
ing, that Green -be released. He said the
Supervisors - would : . not bear ; the expense
of sending for the murderer. Green • was
restored to his liberty. ¦
Begerow Juror 111.
- SAN JOSE. 5 Feb? 18.— The trial , of Fred
erick Begero w , for . the murder of August
Berger- was this : morning continued till
Wednesday on account ; of , the serious Ill
ness of Juror R. K.Thomas. ¦
PRESIDENT SUBMITS
LIST OF NOMINATIONS
Many Officers" in the Army and Navy
Recommended for Promo
tion.
WASHINGTON. Feb. IS.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Army of the United States, engineer
pcrps first lieutenants to be captains-
John S. Sewell, James F. Mclndoe. Jay
J. Morrow.
Ordnance department, captains to be
majors-Andrew H. Russell, Rogers Bir-
First lieutenant to be captain— Tracey
C. Dickson. - ; . . .
Signal corps, captains to be majors—
George P. Scriven. William A. Glassford,
Joseph E. Maxfleld.
Cavalrv. captains to be . majors— Daniel
C Pearson. Second; Herbert B. Tutherly,
First: Luther E. Hare. Seventh.
First lieutenants to be captains— Jesse
M. Carter.- Fifth; Harry G. Troutt, Sec
°- Artillery, captains to be majors— "Walter
Howe, Peter Leary Jr.. Ephraim T. Rich
ardson. Ramsay D. Potts. *
First lieutenants to be captains— C. T.
Mencher, T. B. Mott, Gustav \V. Stevens.
Richmond P. David. Ernest Hinds, "Wirt
Robinson. George F. -Landers.
Infantry, captain to be major— George
II. Roach, Seventeenth.
First lieutenants to be captains— John
S Switzer. Fourth: H. C. Williams. Twen
tieth; George D. Guyer. Sixteenth; Wil
liam F. Crote, Eighteenth; William H.
Chapman, Twenty-fifth.
Navy, marine corps, first lieutenants to
: be captains— Philip S. Brown. John F.
McGlll. Louis M. Gulick. David D. Porter
j and Arthur J. Matthews.
! Second lieutenants to be first lieutenants
—Herbert J. Hlrschlnger. Henry D. F.
Long. Harry R. Lay. Charles C. Carpen
ter Charles B. Taylor. A. S. Williams.
Fred M. Eslik, Louis McC. Little, John
Muir and Frederic Wise Jr.
CHARGES AGAINST TWO
NORTH CAROLINA JUSTICES
David M. Furches and Robert M.
Douglas Accused, by Dsmocrats *
of Many Misdemeanors.
RALEIGH, N. C, Feb. 18.— The Lower
House of the General Assembly of North
Carolina passed a -resolution to-day call-
Ing for the impeachment before the bar
of the Senate of Chief Justice David M.
Furches and Associate Justice Robert M.
Dou*glas of the Supreme Court of North
Carolina. The resolution charges the Jus
tices with high crimes and misdemeanors
in offlce, in that they Issued certain pro
cesses in a case of a political nature. All
those voting for the resolution were Dem
ocrats.
To-morrow articles of impeachment will
be drawn up and presented to the Senate,
This will suspend the Judges from the
exercise of the duties of their offices.
Chief Justice Furches is nearly 70 years
of age. Justice Douglas : is ..the son of
Stephen A. Douglas and was at one time
private secretary to General Grant.
MARTIAL IiAW IK MADRID
SOON TO BE DECLARED OFF
Silvela to Form a New Cabinet and
Spain May Wsather the Threat
ened Crisis.
MADRID, Feb. IS.— The carnival fetes
In the province have passed off without
disorder.
Tho Imparclal. on the authority of a
Minister, says that Wednesday's Cabinet
council will abolish martial law in Mad
rid and re-establii>h guarantees. The
council will meet again Thursday and de
liberate on current affairs. Finally. Fri
day, General Carrazza. the Premier, will
submit to the Queen Regent, the resigna
tion of the Cabinet and inform her that
it will be advisable to convene the Cortes
at an early date in order to pass. the bud
get. This procedure will facilitate the
formation of a SHvela Ministry, which
will then be constituted.
IX EVEN CABS OVEBTTJBNED.
Washout Causes the Wreck of a
Freight Train in Nevada,
SALT LAKE, Feb. IS.— A double-headed
eastbound frleght train on the Southern
Pacific was wrecked to-day near Toano,
Nev.'. 182 miles west of Ogden. No one was
injured. The accident was caused by the
tracks giving way, owing to the soggy
condition of the ground. Eleven cars
were overturned. f
Fight to a Draw.
GALENA; Kans.. Feb. 18.— Oscar, Gard
ner and Tommy Dixon of Rochester. N.
Y., engaged in a twenty-round contest
here to-night, which resulted in a' draw.
Dixon broke a flnsrer on his right hand In
the third round, but no one knew of it
until the contest had been closed. During
the first seven rounds, honors were even.
After this Gardner became the aggressor
and set a lively pace. • Dixon was able to
hold his own, however, bringing Into play
clever. foot work and dodging. At times
the fight was terrific and both • fighters
were groggy. mBBMBBBBMHiil
rlsco, and told me that he was sorry that h«
ha<X told me anything about the company's de
sire to have Mr. Rarstow elected president of
the Council; that he was very desirous of Bee
ing the w*t*r company get out of politics; that
he would do everything he could to bring It
about. In order that the company might be at
t*ac<» with the people of Oakland; that he de
plored the fight that was on between the com
pany and the city, and that he was «lck of the
whole matter. After asking me to keep his in
terviews with me confidential he took his leave,
and that Is the last time I have talked with
Mr. IMngee from that time to this.
Mr. Dingee seems to be In trouble Just now,
»nd the probabilities are that he will continue
to be in trouble until he reforms enough to
permit him to tell all the truth and only the
truth. At the present time he Is industriously
enpaped tn trying to elect a City Council that
will betray the city into the hands of the
Contra Cdsta Water Company. Whether or not
he will succeed remains to be seen.
GEORGE C. PARD5E.
BEV. SLOCOMBE ADVANCES
INTERESTING OPINIONS
Bays Church Is Behind the Times
end Lives en Too Low a
Plane.
Th» Ber. Sarr.uri Sl<">eomb<? read a paji r
before the < cnjrrepational Ministers'
Cnfoa yesterday on "Twentieth Century
Orthodoxy: N<">ble Character. Not Ther
lOfcicjil Opinions. ' and his views astour.'i
td many of the pastors of the older school
who werf present. In part he said:
White rr.!r.:ster» are preparing their acRBOCS.
•» :-..-![ are The heaiis of large busings r.ou£<-'
ar.d their thousaEds of c-r.rloyes thinking ud
eajrtag relative to the topics upon which 'h s- 1
v<-ry are being prepared. It wooM
b»> » ir.atlT cf no mnn lmiortance to e"t
Fjr'n a question ar.swer«»J. and I venture the
eplnion that th« »af»er W"uld r<"<Juo> many
» f.ne sermon to r piece cf solemn r.f>r.s»n»e
ir. lb« 'fiimatinn of even the preacher bteaell.
Acquaintance with the adherents of ethical.
r^ciolr>e!c*I. philo6ci>hic al «nd oth«?r ::ke F>x?t
«-?ie« m this city, which number thfir thou
fundf. rive* the impn-pfion that the ch'jrrh is
bfMrd th» tirr.ff. liv*>s en too lrm- a plane, is
feeble ;n a^tirn and falsetto in voice. :hr^ugh
li-.ir.g: ir. an unreal ¦racM if tradition. There
»a* one* flTJ old Dmrihrt who lrrractn^'i that
h<* alon" PtcxvJ for rjehtPcufTieFs in a wicke'i
vnH an1 he was airar^'l to find himself
furrounfi'Nl ry 1 n 'h <">thers. not ore of whom
he had discovered. Th.if is the lesaon that at
ttioCrx t"!.ri?rins r."ed to learn to-day. About
us en rrtry henrl ar* thousarnl? of plou«. de
rn;r<i. herf.i:. notote men and women, whose
rarr.op htc -.r:::en in h*-avea without l^lng
r n&d :n nor cfcoidi rolls.
r> i you rvar.t to olscover some of the raem
+ •—< r.t »h<« fraternity and to make th*>ir ao
fjiit'r.Tarf* 1 ? You tan do eo if you will, but
J.CU putt not s^*"k ".h* r*.?ht rassw^rd amonit
'.V:t s"nM**K !<".h« o; 'traditional th«"«'osy. I
wi'.l I«U you the v«' :^»* ri r4. It 1? love of God
end man." and ulih it g^e? a grip of recognl
tion. It i« tb* Samaritan'? touch «f helpful
kiu^ncr-*— that tnuch of r.atur<? that mak« the
whoie wrld ak:n.
FOUR FIREMEN ,
LOSE TH m M- LIVES
Front of a' Building at New Haven
Falls, Burying Them Under
the Debris.
NEW HAVEN,. Conn., Feb. lS.-Four
men were killed and one fatally injured
In a fire that destroyed an -unoccupied
factory on Westchester avenue this morn,
lngr. The. dead:
CAPTAIN^ JOSEPITCONDEN.
FIREMAN" WILLIAM RILET.
FIREMAN FRANK WILLIAMS.
Injured: Henry Powell, fearfully burned.
The fire was discovered at 1:3>. and as
the building Is situated over a mile from
the center of the city tt had gained con
siderable headway before tho- depart
ment reached thesceiie.
Before the men had been at work fiv«
minutes the front wall fell, burying a
number ' of them In the ruins. The flr»
loss is not known. The flames were c*a
fined to the one • building.
CLASS GRADUATED AT
WEST POINT ACADEMY
Unusually Large Number of Men As
signed to the Engineering
Corps.
WEST POINT. Feb. 13.— The exercises
connected with the graduation of the first
class cadets of the military academy took
place in Cullom memorial building to-day
in the presence of the entire battalion and
many of their friends. The address to the
class of seventy-three members was de
livered by General John R. Brooke, com
manding the Department of the East, who
also delivered the diplomas. Secretary of
War Root had been expected to perform
this offlce, but he was unable to be pres
ent. The early graduation of the class
this year was necessitated by the reor
ganization of the army. The men gradu
ated to-day will be given a furlough un
til March 10. after which many of them
will be assigned to duty in the Philippines.
Albert B. Mueller of Illinois, a member of
the class, will not be permitted to gradu
ate until June. He was court-mariialed.
and is under sentence for a breach of dis
cipline.
The first ten members of the cla*3 will
be assigned to the engineers' branch of
the service. They are:
Johnson. Oregon: Sherrill, North Caro
lina- Poole, "Wisconsin; Peck. Wisconsin:
Lee. North Carolina; Spauldlng. Michi
gan; Dent. Pennsylvania; Caples. Mis
souri: Jewett. New York, and' Williams.
Missouri. '>*'_•
This Is an unusual assignment, five be
ing the usual number allotted.
The six following will have their choice
between ordnance, artillery, cavalry or
! infant ry. Then thirty-two may go into
i either the artillery, cavalry or Infantry.
. The remainine have a choice only be-
I tween the cavalry and Infantry.
Owing to the death here on Saturday of
Colonel Peter S. Mitchie of the Academic
Board, the usual festivities attending the
graduation exercises were dispensed with.
Cuts Down Government Normal Ma-
FTEST DIVISION OF
NEW PARLIAMENT
•jority of One Hundred and
Thirty to Forty-Five.
LONDON. Feb. 18.— The First IMvtslon
of the first Parliament of King 1 Edward
"VII, which took place yesterday, resulted
In cutting down to 43 the Government's
normal majority of 13T>. The. interest
caused by this unexpected, event was
heightened by Winston Churchill's first
speech at Westminster, and Mr. Cham
berlain's heated defense of his own policy.
The extraordinary slimness of the ma
jority of this strongest British Govern
ment of modern times was the result of
Lord Cranborne's refusal to answer ques
tions relating 1 to the Government's for
eign policy without previous notice from
the questioners. John EHUon aelsed the
opportunity, and In spite of an unusually
large attendance, almost placed the Con
servative party in "queer street."
In tlie course of an interview Mr. Dillon
explained: "What it all means is that the
Government will be obliged to revoke the
arbitrary ruling made by- Mr. Balfour
that under secretaries of state are not
obliged to answer questions addressed to
"Trie question !» more Important than
It appears to be on the> surface, for. if
Mr. Balfour's ruling should b« followed,
it would prevent the Irish members from
questioning tho Irish Secretary, and
eventually deprive us of all right of free
speech." -
Scheme of Extensive Improvements
Planned by the City : *i ~
SAN JOSE COUNCIL TO
CALX BONT> ELECTION
Fathers.
SA>T JOSE. Feb. IS.— Steps looMnf to a
greater San Jose were taken by the City
Council this evening in the introduction
of an ordinance providing for a bond Issue
of $237,000.- The expenditure of this sum
is proposed for much needed Improve
ments and looks to a betterment of the
city.
A fine library building to cost $50,000
and the erection of the city's own electric
lighting plant at a cost of. $30,000 are the
two principal items. The sum of JIS.OOO
is provided for the* purchase of three hose
wagons, two engines, one- combination
chemical and hose wagon and other needs
of the fire department: $47,000 for the con
struction of additional sewers; $10,100 for
the development of the water supply and
other Improvements at Alum Rock Park,
and $21,000 for the improvements at Long
fellow. Horace Mann and High school i
and the erection of a small two-room
school for the children of the Orphans'
Home and $25,000 for the improvement of
East Santa Clara street.
> A feature that will prove a great at
traction to the city Is the erection of a
dam across the Guadalupe River, creating
an artificial lake, for which $5000 is pro
vided. ' .vv
As soon as the ordinance Is -passed •
bond election will bo called.
DIVORCE LITIGATION
WRECKS CLOTHING FIRM
Property of the T. W. Spring Com
pany Sold Under the Hammer
at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Feb. IS.— The clothing house
of the T. W. Spring Company was
knocked down under the Sheriff's hammer
to-day to Joseph S. Silverberg. who rep
resents a number of Eastern creditors.
For forty years the store has been lo
cated at So.nta Clara and Market streets.
Recently Silverberg obtained judgments
nmountlng to more than $43,000. Under
Sheriff Varcoe sold the store to-day for
$3?.o00.
The financial embarrassment of the firm
was brought about through the divorce
troubles of H. M. N. Spring, owner of a
half-interest in the store, and his wife,
Mrs. Emilie T. Spring. Mrs. Spring ob
tained a divorce and $200 a month ali
mony, and Spring fled East to escape pay
ing the alimon;-. For the past two years
litigation over Spring's interest in the
store has been before the courts, and it
finally wrecked the business. A few
weeks ago Mrs. Spring purchased her
husband's interest in the store for $3800,
which sum was due for alimony, and she
probably will contest the sale made to
day.
REID MAY BE CHOSEN
TO ATTEND THE C0E0NATI0N
Republican Leaders Favor His Ap
pointment as Envoy Extra
ordinary to England.
XEW YORK. Feb. IS.— It was announced
among Republican leaders to-day that
¦\\ nltelaw Reid is to be named envoy
extraordinary of the United States for the
coronation of King Edward VII, which
¦will probably take place in June, although
the exact date has not yet been settled.
Mr. Reid acted as special envoy of this
country at. the Queen's jubilee. He was
a candidate for the post of Embassador
to Great Britain after President McKIn
ley's election four years ago, but his ap
i pointment was prevented at the time by
! Senator Platt, who also took a firm stand
; against the appointment of Mr. Reid to
! a Cabinet position. Mr. Reid was one of
! the strongest advocates of Mr. McKIn
! ley's nrs>t nomination, and was also a
s prominent leader of the Republican inde
, pendent clement opposed to the leadership
; of Senator Tlatt.
SCHOONER ALICE ASHORE.
Strikes During a Heavy Fog on
Plight Sound.
SEATTLE. Feb. IS.— The sailing schoon
er Alice struck on the rocks at West
Point, Puget Sound, on Friday night dur
ing a dense fog and was stranded for sir
teen hours. A tug has been sent after
her and until it returns the extent of the
damages will not be known.
The Alice sailed from San Pedro for
Seattle recently. Arriving off Cape Flat
tery, Fhe took a tow and ¦was pulled to
Port Townsend, from which place she
tried to sail to Seattle. At 10 o'clock on
Friday night, whpn the Sound was
wrapped in a dense fog, she smashed into
the West Point rocks. The. sailor who
came overland to Seattle for help said
the boat was badly strained and consid
erably damaged.
SEEKS A SECOND DIVORCE.
Mrc. T>ostl-e Again Wearies of the
Man She T-wice Married.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 18.— To the little
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Dostle
"home" is a mere t^rm, according to the
testimony given in court to-day by the
mother. Belle N. Dcetle, who for the sec
ond time was suing for a divorce.
"Why did you mairy this man again
after he had been cruel to you?" asked
the court.
"Well." replied the wife, as she lowered
her snapping black eyes to the floor. "I
thought he would grow more sensible as
he got older and that if I treated him
well he would do tl,e same to me. Be
sides it was more convenient to marry
him. as he was the father of the child and
1 was not able to take care of it."-
AN OFFICER BATTLES
WITH; WOMAN'S ASSAILANT
Lively Exchange of Bullets Follows
an Attempt to Murder at
Great Falls.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Feb. IS.— A special
from Great Falls. Mont., says: One man
Is dead, a woman is dying and a police
officer Is seriously wounded as a result of
a shooting which took place Sunday.
Rudolph Smith, a railroad laborer, shot
Marie Bell in a resort. Officer Hogan ap
peared and Smith opened fire on him. One
shot took effect In the leg and the other
Just above the hip. Hogan dropped on
his knees and opened fire,- sending five
bullets into Smith's body, killing him in
stantly. Hogan will recover, but the wo
man is fatally wounded.
Carl Brand Dlss in Berlin.
NEVADA CITY. Feb. 18.—A cablastam
has been received by Mr. and Mrs. O. .1-
Brand of this city announcing the death
of their son, Carl Brand, in Berlin. The
young man was a musical student. ha\'-
Ing gone abroad five years ago to com
plete his education. He gave much prom
ise as a Wagnerian tenor singer. He had
an engagement to appear in the Royal
Opera-house at Weimar, Germany, which
is one of the foremost centers of musical
art on the Continent.
Carl Brand was born in Nevada City in
1S74. He studied music here and for two
«ij'earB in San Francisco. He was for two
years in the Royal Conservatory In Ber
lin. He had committed to memory fifteen
Wagnerlan grand operas. His voice waB
pronounced wonderful by eminent Euro
pean critics. He accepted a position from
the Royal Opera-hause en JanuarjM.
Fight Declared Off.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Feb. 18.— The match
between Tom Sharkey and Jce Chojmski.
which was scheduled for Louisville on the
night of March 11, has been declared off.
Sharkey arrived in the city to-day and
decided that his match with Choynskl
would not draw enougn money to Justify
his training. ; -
•
OAKLAND, Feb. 18.— The politicians
have been furnished with fuel
from both sides in the battle that
has opened between William J.
Dingee, vice president of the Con
tra Costa Water Company, and G. B. Dan
iels, manager of the Oakland Enquirer,
who, acordlng to the water magnate,
asked Dingee to liquidate a $55,000 debt in
return for the assumption of friendly re
lations with the water company on the
part of ,the Enquirer.
Dlngee comes forward to-day with a
lengthy statement, in which he specifical
ly makes the charge as aforesaid. He an
nounces that the alleged negotiations
were started nearly a year ago, when Dr.
George C. Pardee came to his office to se
cure the water company's Influence to
ward the selection of a president of the
City Council to succeed H. D. Rowe. Din
gee declares that, he was sent to Daniels
by Pardee In connection with the En
quirer's attitude toward the water com
pany. Then Dlngee proceeds to give his
version of a meeting which took place be
tween himself and Daniels at the Enquirer
office. Here the Contra Costa Water Com
pany's affairs were discussed, and here,
say* Dingee, the. $55,000 proposition was
made.
Dingee further relates that he made a
counter offer of his company's printing
and a bonus of $150 a month.
Daniels, in a signed statement to-day,
! based upon the published story of Din
gee's charges makes the unequivocil re
ply that Dlngee"s SD5.000 recital Is a "de
; liberate and willful Me." Manager Dan
! iels gives at some length his version of
the meeting between himself and Dingee.
Daniels asserts that the advances were
made by Dlngee. who asked If he (Dan
iels) ha'd any objection to a call. When
he wtnt to the Enquirer office Dingee
made the flat proposition of printing, etc..
declares the manager of the paper, and it
was spurned.
The statement made by Dlngee Is as fol
lows:
Ready for Reporters.
I read the article in this morning's Call, and
as I expect the reporters will be around to
day, 1 have dictated this' statement for each.
I did remark in crossing the ferry on Satur
day that Daniels of the Enquirer was dishon
estly Inspired Jn attacking the Contra Costa
Water Company and myself personally. It was
In the presence of two or three gentlemen,
and 1 thought it would end there, and regret
that it did not, as I shrink from newspaper
prominence. However, a representative of The
San Francisco Call visited me at my home on
Sunday evening and wanted to know the de
rails of my relations with Daniels. I asked
The Call man not to print anything until
Wednesday, by which time I would have a
statement. He agreed to do it. but I find a
reference to it in to-day's. Call. Substantially
these are the facts:
It was in March or April of last year that
Dr. George C. Pardee called on me personally,
and In the presence of Mr. Watklnson asked
me to exercise the water company's Influence
in the matter of electing a chairman of the
City Council to succeed Mr. Rowe, whose term
was about to expire. The doctor came to the
Contra Coeta Water Company's office, where
I was. He stated to me what he wanted, and
I told him that I could not see how my In
terests would be benefited in the selection of
Mr. Taylor, whom the doctor favored, or Mr.
Baretow. whom the doctor opposed. . Both men
were equally antagonistic to my property in
terests and both had made an effort to con
fiscate the Contra Costa Water Company's
property, and have admitted In writing that
they had not connulted an engineer or an ex
pert in the matter of determining the value of
the property. I told the doctor that I did
not see that I had any Influence in the Coun
cil but he insisted that if I wanted to I
could get him a vote over from Barstow to
Taylor. He said hell would pop and that it
would be to my interest to stand by him in
1 that fight, and I construed his remarks Into
: a threat. I said:
Advised to See Daniels.
"Doctor, most pecple believe- that you own
the Enquirer with Mr. Dalton. Why do you
pursue the company so relentlessly and permit
the paper to make statements which you know
to be false?" He smiled, but sRld. "Tou had
better see Daniels. He is running the paper."
"Well," I replied, "you fix an appointment and
1 will meet him any time you say." "£ee
him to-morrow," said the doctor, "and I will
amiTigf? for a pl*»apant reception for you."
Some days later I met Mr. Daniels, but not
until Mr. Pardee again asked me why I had
not seen Mr. Daniels, as Dr. Pardee had ar
ranged. We talked quite awhile before
we cot down to business. Mr. Daniels
paid he was running the Enquirer to make
mon*y; th-it by silence on Its part I
could make money, but if he turned the paper
locse none could make a cent; a great deal
of white paper. Ink and editorial ability would
be thrown away, while Contra Costa Water
dlviden4s would be smaller than what they
were. As near as I can recal It, these were
his exact words.
I said: "I appreciate what you say and
would like to make term* with you. *AH I
want is an opportunity to do business in the
town in peace. What is your proposition, Mr
Daniels?" He stated at first that he. had
none to make, but would listen to any that
I had to make to him. I told him to let me
know exactly what he wanted, and that I
would then let him know what I was able to
do. He then became very confidential and
drew very close to me. Although there was
no ore else In the room he spoke in. an ab
solute whisper.
'1 owe," he said, "$5o.0M. at th<> Central
Bank. Dr. Pardee and Mr. Dalton have Joined
with me in the debt. The bank Is not crowd
ing us for the money, for it Is amply secured.
Nevertheless I would like this obligation out
cf the way, as you . know interest eats a
follow up."
These last are his exact words. I then said:
"Mr. Daniels, you want the water company
t.-> put up $53,000. do you?" He said: "Yes;
but it need not be at once, but could scatter
o^-er a couple of years." I was completely
dumfounded at the siie of his. demand.
I then said to Mr. Daniels: "I will tell you
what I will do. I will give you all the "job
printing of the water company's office, I w m
continue -to patronize you In my real estate
business, as I have In the past, and I will
pay you out of my own pocket $150 a month."
He looked me in the face for fully a minute
«nd then said. "I guess you don't realize the
Influence of the Enquirer." . I said that I did.
bat that I could not afford; nor could the
company, to pay him any such sum as he
demanded. - ...
. - Began a Bitter Attack.
H> said: "Well, you think it over and we
will have a talk 'at- «ome future date."
At this we separated. Since then the En
quirer has been more bitter and vicious than
ever toward the Contra ' Costa .Water Com
pany. Every day that our trial has been on
In the courthouse and it had present a re
porter, and every day that reporter's account
of what has occurred there, has been mis
representing In the extreme. The paper has
caricatured me and has misrepresented the
Contra Costa Water Company at every op
portunity.
Mr." Dalton. the • Assessor, raised the com
pany's taxes, a large portion of which goes
to the State, which In former years he-per
mitted'to remain at a fairly . moderate figure.
As "nls assessment is accepted by the city, we
have had to contribute its amount to the local
government. . . •
A preposterous statement was made a month
ago or bo relative to ' a certain Mr. Long.
The water company was accused by the ¦ En-"
ouirer of paying this man, through an agent,
the fabulous sum of $5000 for - his vote tn t ho
city committee. This is too ridiculous to need
contradiction. I do not know what the effect
of this, statement will be on. the campaign
that is now on. nor do I care. I have simply
determined that my friends , shall know the
real motive behind- the Enquirer's.- personal
attack upon the company and, myself.
Daniels' Flat Denial.
Following is G. B. Daniels statement:;'
My attention has been called to an article in
a San Francisco newspaper in which Mr. W.
J. Dinree is reported to have Bald that tne
reason for the "spirit and vehemence of th»
Enquirer's courye In assailing him was inspired
by his refusal to pay the paper's bank oMIsa
tion, amounting to J55.00O."
That statement is a deliberate and .vlllful lie,
as no request to ray fcS.OGO or any other sun
was ever made by me to Mr. Dingee.
Mr. Dlngee for purposes of hie own is put
ting forth the statement to injure the En
quirer and to affect the present political cam-
Fialgn. In this attempt he misrepresented the
acts of the Interview which was held in the
Enquirer office and which was sought by him
and not by me. I never gave any intimation
to any one that I desired to pee Mr. Dl'ijje-;.
but he telephoned to me and asked me if he
could see me at the Enquirer office. Upon be
ing answered that I had nu objection to see
ing him at that time he came to the Enquirer
oftice and. after saying that he wished to have
the friendship and co-operation of the Er,
qulrer. he proceeded to make a proposition, lie
said that if tho Enquirer would be friendly to
the Contra Costa Water Company he would
give It all the printing of the company, which,
he said, amounted to quite a sum, and also |1">>
per month.
I answered Mr. Dlngee by telling him that
while neither myself nor any person conniKfil
with the Enquirer had anything against him
personally, the editorial and news columift; of
the iiaper wer* not for sale.
He' answered: "Well, yon had better think
it over. We want ti !>e Iriendly." This eioseil
the conversation. Not a word was eaid by him
or me about £>S.0CO. and neither was such a
matter discussed at any other time when I
saw Mr. Dlngee. At the time Mr. Dingee came
to the Enquirer office and made the proposition
mentioned I understood clearly that he wvtnt*.il
to buy the influence of the piper, but I de
clined to countenance the proposition.
Slne>» the time of the Interview above »e
ferred to Mr. D!nfr<*« has twice, when wt hap
r«r.etl to meet, asked me if I was yet "ready to
do business." One of these occasions wa* In
!j*n Trancisco and one in Oakland. I a'.wayi
»*¦.!? .vered Mr. Dlngee that the influence of the
Kr.ouirer was no; for sale.
I wish to add that the Enquirer is not seek
ing to have any one ral;e any bank or othei In
debtedness, and that the officers of the con.
pany will take care of Its finances and can and
will meet all its obligations when due.
G. B. DANIELS.
Manager Oakland Enquirer Publishing Corn
pan y.
Dr. George C Pardee to-night gave out
the following strange statement:
Pardee Says Nay.
I see that Mr. W. J. Dingee. vice president
of the Contra. Costa Water Company, has pub
lished ii> the water company orean. the Oak
land Tribune, a statement in which he mlxfs
falsehood and truth as only a man of' Mr.
Dlngee's versatility, under the tutelage of his
friend, counselor and guide, Mr. Frank J.
Moffltt. can mix them; It is true, as Mr. Dln
ce» says, that I saw him last March. To be
exact, .It was on Saturday, the 17th of. March,
at about 10 a. m.. at his San Francisco office
in the Mills building, and my business "with
him was In regard to a piec* of property on
San Pablo avenue, in Oakland, which I had
bought through him and on which a client of his
held and still holds a mortgage. My business
•with him was completed. I arose to go, but
Dlngee detained me and began to talk to me
about his water business. He and I had al
ways been friendly, and he assured me then,
as he had many times before, that he was
under great personal obligations to me for
favors that I had don» him before he betrayed
the city of Oakland and became the vice presi
dent of the Centra Costa Water Companv. In
the course of the conversation he asked "me if
I owwd the KnQulrer. and I told him I did
not. 1 do not remember to have told him. as
he says I did. that "H— 11 would pop," but I
rather think he will think it has popped be
fore he gets through with his attempts tf> help
the Contra Costa Water Company rob the peo
ple of Oakland.
After a good deal of beating about th* bush
Dlneee finally wanted to know whether I
could help him get the Enquirer to stop at
tacking the water company. I ; told him that
I could not; that the Enquirer, so far as I
knew, could not be influenced to b»tray the
people in the interest of any one. even Mr.
Dingee and the Contra Costa Water Company.
Then Dlngee asked me to manage an interview
between him and Mr. Daniels, the manager of
the Enquirer. I refused to do so. saying that
he could call Daniels up by telephone ami
make his offn appointments. And when Mr.
Dlngee says that I advised him to see Dan
iel* he does not tell the truth. Nor is his
statement true that I told him to "se« him
to-morrow and I will arrange a pleasant re
; ceptlon for you." I saw Mr. Dlngee on a Sat
urdny. • Is It likely that I would advi«e him
to see Daniels "to-morrow"— Sunday— the day
on which the Enquirer offle» Is closed?
Dingee "Was Insistent."
When I got up n«?aln to go Dlngee again
detained m* and began to talk about the' elec
tion for president of the Oakland City Coun
cil that was to take place In a few days. Ho
told rne that the water company was in favor
of the selection of Mr. BarPtow as president
of the Council, and asked me if I had any
interest in the matter. I told him I had not
much Interest In It. but that It reemed to me
that It was high time for- the Contra. Costa
"Water Company to keep Its nose out of Oak
land city politics and to -stop trying to control
the City Council. To this Dingee replied that
the water company had too much at stake to
nult and that the company would, of couras.
continue to try ami control the Council, as that
body had to fix water rate*.
Finally I saWto him that, in my opinion,
it would be best for him if he used his influ
ence with the company to have the company
let the City Council alone. To this Dingee
replied that his company had one or two votes
in the Council that it could control, but that
Mr. Watklnson, the president of the com
rany. did the company's politics. Aftor con
siderable more talk Dlngee a<>ked me to see
•\Vatkinson that afternoon at 6 o'clock; that
he (Dlngee), would be at the company's office,
but that he would not like to have Watkin
rdn know that he (Dingee) had been talking
to me as plainly as he had. I then- left Din
gee's otflce and went to my ' own.
That afternoon, on njy way home, I stepped
In to the Contra I Cof<ta Water Company's
office. I Dingee and Watkinson were both there.
Dlngee began the conversation by telling Wat
kinson that he had been talking with -me about
the presidency of the Council, and that I had
bf*n urging him <Dingee) to get the water
company to keep out of politics, and that he
(Dlngee) w^uld like to get me to do what I,
could to have the Enquirer "be good" to ths
water company. .,
I told them that I old not think the En
quirer could be induced to "be good" to the
water company, but that if,, the company
v/ould keep out of politics and let the Council
clone it would probably, stand a much better
chance of better treatment at the Enquirer's
hands. Both i Dlngee and Watkinson. loudly
protested that the company had no choice in
the matter of the presidency of the Council
and that the company was not interested in
politics. Remembering what Dlngee had al
ready told me, and knowing better anyhow. I
told them I knew they could control , at least
cne Councilman.' and named him.- After a
good deal of talk Mr. Watklnson said that he
would Bee this Councilman and see what he
1 bad to say. but that he did not think he could
do anything, with., him. ¦ ,.
Asked to, See Mr.; Watkinson.
The following Monday morning, April 19
19W). at -10 o'clock. -I wsnt again to : Dlngee's
office in- the Mills building- concerning my
business about the mortgage. ¦'.. There • was not
much «aJd about politics at this . Interview,
except that Dlngee eald that he had not seen
Mr. Watklnson, but asked me to go-and see
him. - ¦ • ¦» -,-.•',.,
. At about 9 o'clock on the morning of Thurs
day, March' 22, in accordance with. Dlngee'*
request, I went to see Mr. Watktnson in the
water company 1 !! office. Mr. I Watklnson then
told me that he had seen the Councilman but
thar he could do -nothing with him. :¦'. Mr.
Watklnson then : deplored the fact j that the
water company was accused of being: in poll
tics - and that .'all the company wanted was
to be let alone. . Remembering what, Dlneee
had told me I-toId Mr. WatkJnson that I had
no doubt but that the water company was ' In
terested in the election of Mr. • Barstow' as
president of thp Council, , but • that the , water
company would, of course, contlnua to do as
it pleased. •• -." v ¦ . • . . , - '
.1 then went about my business. On Saturday*.
March 4. at about 12 o'clock, Dlngee came to
my office in' the Chronicle building, San Fran-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. IS.— The Burling
ton and the San Pecio. Lop Angeles and
Salt Lake railways will join hands to
cross the continent, for several years the
Burlington hns entertained the Idea of a
•transcontinental Hn - with a terminus at
San Pedro and at one time had an option
on land there. It will continue Its road
from Guernsey. Wyo.. to Opden and use
the Hamburger road into Salt Lake, where
it now own? property. When the gap be
tween ICorthport aiiil Kearney, In Ne
braska, shall have been closed the Bur
lington will have thf most direct line out
Of Salt Lake to Ei'st-m points, which
will relieve It fxom [t> present embarrass
ing- position at the mercy of the Union
Pacific Denver and Rio Grande and Rio
Grande Western wncn handling traffic to
and from point! wot.
Hoth the Bttrttnfften and the Clark road.
run in connection the Burlington,
will he independent of the Harriman syn
dicate, which they will be strong enough
to combat. Senator Clark is now on his
¦nay to Los Angeles, and It is now believed
that a transfer of ihi- Clark interests will
not be made to the Burlington until later.
New Railway Will Pass
Into Control of the
Burlington.
dicate.
tinent and Will Be Indepen- *
dent of Harriman Syn-
Affords a Direct Line Across the Con-
CLARK TO SELL
SALT LAKE ROAD
Fpeclal DbQWtdi to The Call.
SEATTLE. Feb. IS.— Hu Pat Crowe
been in Seattle .ir.<l .scaped the vigilance
of all c f the oftic . ra of the law who have
their eyes wide open for the man for
¦whom a rewnr.1 of $:T>.'V»0 is offered? This
1* a qumiuu which the members of the
police force ar,d the local detective agen
cies are iust now pondering over. There
if evidence that he has included this city
in his Itinerary.
In to-lay > list of advertised letters ap
pear? the siam" of the notorious man. A
letter addressed to Pat Crowe at this of
fice arrived here three nvfk? apo. A few
da ¦¦ s aco ¦ man appeared at the general
delivery window and ask^d if there was
er.y mail for Pat Crowe. While the name'
<<¦:•¦-!< d familiar to the clerk in charge
he did not at the time associate it with
that of the much-wanted Omaiia Crowe.
J?o he merely looked over the list of "C's"
and. finding nothing for the name given.
£'¦ informed the inquirer.
A day or two later there came to the
p.dcirftp jrivn a letter for the man who
had made the inrjuiry. By this time the
pr.'.irf- and the local Pinkerton agency ha.l
hf-on informed that the abductor was pu«
jvoted of ha vine come this way and a
man was jjut on guard at the jio5toffie»
to na.b him If he ever called again. But
the man never came and the J^.Gtrt offeree
as a reward Still belongs to the Omaha
r r >rk packer.
About the same time that th<» inquiry
v.as made hef« for the letter the same
Inquiry was made at the offices of Vic
tnria ar.d Tacoma. Ar the latter office
the clerk made some excuse for deiay ami
an offirir Tv.as pent for. but l^efore he ar
rived the man had become suspicious and
taken his leave.
Was Traced to His Cabin by Blood
hounds and Accused Others of
Being Accessories to the
Crime.
Stranger Inquires for Mail
Addressed to the Fu
gitive.
SEATTLE SLEUTHS
LOOK FOR CROWE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 13.— According to ex
cellent authority the capital stock and
funded debt of the new steel trust, which
is being formed under the guidance of,
J. P. Morgan, will be 11.100.000.000.
There will be JSOO.OOO.OOO of capital stock
in the new concern, half of which will
be seven per cent preferred stock and
half of which will be common.
In addition there will be J3W.0OO.00O of
five per cent mortgage bonds. Mr. Car
negie will get close to J130.000.000 for his
Carnegie company stock, and bond
holders of the present Carnegie company
will receive bond for bond for their pres
ent holding*, which amount to $160,000.
000. This will leave about J10.OCO.000 of
bonds to be used for organization ex
penses and bankers' commissions.
The minority stockholders of the Car
negie company will receive for their
stock 150 per cent in preferred stock, of
the new company and a bonus of an
equal amount of common stock In the
new company.
The remaining stock of the new com
pany will be issued in payment for se
curities of companies going into consoli
dation.
The stockholders of the companies In
the trust, exclusive of the Carnegie com
pany, will be paid for their preferred
stock at par In preferred stock of th«
new concern.' and for their common stock
at par in common stock of the new
company.
Stockholders of Companies Entering
(the Trust Will Be Given Pre«
ferred Stock in the New
concern.
Bondholders in the Carnegie
Company Are to Receive
Bond for Bond.
DIVISION OF STOCK
IN STEEL COMBINE
MINNEAPOLIS. Feb. IS.— The last day
of the trial of Frank H. Hamilton, on the
charge of having murdered Leonard R
Day, caused the courtroom to be filled to .
Its utmost capacity. .The defense an
nounced that it had no testimony to offer
In surrebuttal and County Attorney Fred
H. Boardman at once b*san his address
to the jury. He declared that it was ju-5t
as certain that Hamilton killed Day as M
was certain that Day was dead. • The
State had shown the motive for the crime
and the confession by the accused of h's
guilt, and yet with the ablest counsel, in
ti.e State, ; he now came into court and
asked for acquittal, when in savage jeal
ousy he had stabbed Day to death. This
was monstrous, but no more monstrous
than that this jury shoujd be asked -o
stab society on Hamilton's account. Mr.
Penney, ot the defense, had gone out of
his way to traduce the character of the
victim and to hold the defendant up as a
gzntleman or education. But the court
room was a place for justice not for sym
pathy.
Mr. Boardman adverted to the fact that
Hamilton himself, on the stand, did not
deny the crime. He did not deny the con
fession to Rooney. He had come back to
the dead bcdy sobered by what had hap
pened, not to offer a silent prayer with
Bennett, but to lay beside the body the
bloody knife with which he had done tue
deed. "When Hamilton went out and re ¦
turned with that open knife clutched In
his overcoat pocket, he intended murder
deliberate, premeditated murder. The
motive was Jealousy.'
Frank M. Nye, in h's address for tic
defense, declared that with the exception
of the ready-made confession of the police
officer, no testimony has been adduced
that would not have been relevant in an
action against any of the others. The
confession would have been the same with
the name changed, no matter who was on
trial. Where did this bloody knife come
from? There is not a scintilla of evidence
to trace the ownership to Hamilton. That
knife belonged to some one in the Weet
Hotel— we have brought forward evidence
to show that It belonged to Day. Hamil
ton had no motive for Injuring Day. but
Day did have one for injuring Hamilton.
Judge Brooks gave his charge to the
Jury immediately. It was a clear exposi
tion of the law and the evidence and was
listened to attentively by the Jury, which
was then sent out for deliberation.-
At midnight the Jury was still out ani
Judge Brooks left for his home. The ver
dict. If reached to-night, will not V>e
known until court meets to-morrow morn-
Ing at 9. ;
Boardman Bitterly Arraigns the
Prisoner and Says Jealousy
Prompted Him to Murder
Millionaire Day.
Able Arguments by Attorneys
for*the Prosecution and
Defense.
HAMILTON'S FATE
RESTS WITH JURY
DINGEE REITERATES HIS CHARGE
AND MANAGER DANIELS DENIES IT
- -
Water Magnate Declares He Was Asked Outright to Lift
Debt of $55,000 on the Paper and Is Accused in Turn
of Seeking to Buy . Its Friendship and Influence
THE SAN FRAXCI8CO CALL, TUESDAY,; FEBRUARY 19, 1901.
FOUR MEN INVOLVED IN THE
ALLEGED ATTEMPT AT BRI
BERY. ' •
9
STRENGTH TESTS.
A Record After Using Different
Foods.
J. Henry Myers of Otsego. Mich., a
traveling representative of a certain medi-
cal missionary association, made some
Ftrerjgth xeetsf with different foods, with
the following result: He says: "In JS37
I became officially connected with an in-
fituUon manufacturing a large line of
h^alfTi for>«>.
"My o>?ire was to add strength. I was
In good health, and faithfully lived, al-
m^5t entirely, for nearly two yeari", on
thr-lr foods, and believed In them thor-
oughly. In January, *9S. my strength
test showed r.TOO pound?; in January, '99,
by the Fair." machine, my strength test
xras only 450A pound?, a heavy falling off.
notwithstanding I had not been rick, but
had faithfully and religiously used the
frjoHs I fo fully relieved in and had been
hired to lecture for and advocate.
"For a month after that test I was un-
certain what to do. I felt weak, and
•what I wanted was strength; so in Feb-
ruary of that year I quit all other health
foods and began using Grape-Nuts alone.
My weight now has Increased from 130
to'lC pounds; my strength has Increased
from <560 pounds to 6340 and I am now
JCO pounds stronger, by actual test, than
tb.f) average man. My eyesight Is clearer,
rry mind more active and stronger, and I
can endure more labor, physical and
ir.^r.'al, than ever before.
"I <io not know any person interested
In the Ponum Cereal Co.. Ltd., and this
Mtfr i« not written with any motive, ex-
cept tr, bring honest facts to the attention
of person* deslrng to live well and live
raiiorally. I have the charts filled out by
the physicians at the Institution making
tne health foods that failed In my case,
and these facts cannot be disputed by any
one. I wiJl make oath that they are ab-
solutely correct."
• Mr. Myers 1 letter gives the name In full
.cf the concern making the so-called
health foods, which failed In his case, but
this name is not given to the public It
is not the purpose of the manufacturers
cf Grape-Nuts to build their business by
*5e^reciatSr!g the efforts of any competitor.
.This experience is printed as an illustra-
tion Kit the indisputable fact that Grape-
Nuts food is a true, honest and remark-
able rcbuilder of the human body.
GRAPE-NUTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1901.
10
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man. Englishman of good
education, seeks employment.. of any kind;-
speaks French and German fluently; good
penman; plain bookkeeper; couldnake care of
Invalid or act as sscrttary: willing to work
about house or do light chores; city or coun-
try. Box 1S03, Call cmce. *
SITUATION wanted by practical soapmaker
of nil kinds t>f laundry and toilet- soaps.
. boiled or cold process, sand and salt water
soaps; can take entk-e charge if necessary.
Address O. N.. 8 Decatur St.. S. F.
PAINTER, paper-hanger, tinter will work pri-
. vate-or landlords: references and 15 years'
experience. Box 1813, Call office.
YOUNG married man wculd like a few offices
or. halls to clean. HALLSTROM, 1070 How-
ard st.
YARDMAN— Acquainted with the erection of
buildings, tanks and derricks; experience ln
laying pipe lines and erecting pumping sta-
tlons. Address box 1S10. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter wculd like position; good refer-
ences; city or country- Box 1809, Call office.
EXPERIENCED mining, stationary and holfst-
Ing engineer wishes position. Address En-
glneer. 691 Geary st.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
understands the care of horses, has porter
experience end Is handy with tools, desires
position. Address H. P.. 217 Third st
A POSITION as traveling salesman wanted:
. good address; strictly temperate; married:
flrst-class references; a good, live, energetic
hustler. J. CURRY. 1706 14th St., Oakland.
POSITION wanted by young man, age 29: 6
years' experience In entry .receiving and ship-
ping clerk: wijllng to do any honest work;
salary moderate. Box 1665. Call office.
EXPERIENCED collector, strictly temperate,
energetic and capable, desires a position with
law or collection flrm. Box 1C73. Call office.
STRONG young man of 21 would like work,
painting preferred; used -to climbing. 2019
Fifteenth st.
JAPANESE who can sleep out of room wants
! position as good cook or housework for every
half-day. A. B.. 1010 Pine gt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia gL, '
- FKATHER I'lLLOWW.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and • renovated
• by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FINANCIAL.
2% PER month paid for money: security AL
Address Money, box 1777. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan st. between
McAllister and Golden Gate are.: 6 and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
FLXT of 7 large rooms and bath. 154 Sev-
enth Gt. - . ¦ •
GOLDEN GATE. 961, opp. Jefferson square-
Seven sunny rooms and bath. 132 60.
VERY flne flat. 7 rooms. 2524 Mission St.. be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak $43 CO. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.VIncent.U05 Larkln: tel. Polk 634:
furniture & furn'd houses bought: epot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red $353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.: tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPEE.T. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture.: tel. Red 1354.
. HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & COS.. .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses for snine country hotel, near
city, only to wait on 8 people, $20, steady po-
sition the year around ; 3 waitresses, same
country hotel, $20 and fare advanced; wait-
ress for Institution. SCO, room, board and
washing; waitress, mining town, 120 and fare
paid; 2 restaurant waitresses, short dis-
tance In country, $20: JO waitreFses, different ;
commercial hotels. S20; 2 more chambermaids, j
south, $20, one-half Tare paid: 6 waitresses,
city, $20; ."» restaurant waitret-stfs, S."i, $6 and
$7 a week; 2 lunch waitresses, one hour's
work. $25; 2 Chambermaids, city, straight'
work, $17 and ?1S: cook, "small hotel, short
distance. $25: cook and chambermaid, same
boarding-house, city, $40
FAMILY .DEPARTMENT
Cooks, house girls, second girls, city and
country. $15 to $30
C. R. HAN'SEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1D75
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30 to $33. and 4 waltrorses.
same first-class commercial hotel: 8 wait-
resses, country, $20; waitress, country. $22 50.
see party 10 a. m., fare paid; 3 waitresses,
city, $C0; 2 waitresses, $6 and $7 week;
chambermaid, $18; 2 chambermaids to wait, :
$20 .' i
FAMILY DEPARTMENT !
Cook and second girl, Santa Cruz. $45. see
lady here; house girl. VIsalla, $20, see lady,
10 a. m.; cooks and house girls, city, $15 to
$23. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st. j
A NURSERY Eoverneax. $25. see lady here.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
A— WANTED....
Plain Ironer, to take charge of Ironing and
assorting room in Institution near city, $23,
board, lodging and laundry and increase to
•$30 Hcconil month
Woman, So years or ever, as attendant, some
nursing experience if posslb'e. for Institution
near city. $20. bontil. lodging and laundry
and increase to *25 second month.' W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay Bt.
NEAT girl for small family, nice room for
Ctrl, good home, $15; 2 nice places, plain
cooking, email family. $25. Cal. Emp. Agency,
59 Third St.; phone lied 31.
NURSE wanted for baby 6 months old; young,
rellahle woman; som^ experience: references
required; wages $25. Write C. E. H.. box
110. Stanford University Postofflce. Cal.
GOOD operator wanted on pants; must be
able to sew from 10 to 12 pairs a day; also
good finishers; steady .work. Apply at 465
Tenth Et.. Oakland, room 4.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on custom
coats; good pay. E3T. Natoma st.
WANTED— A. young j;lrl to assist In light
housework. 101S Sutter «t. j
NKAT young- plrl to assist in general house-
work in small family; call a. m. 2040 Sutter.
YOUNG girl to care for child 3 years old: sleep
home. Call 2C09 O'Farrell st.
BUTTONHOLE maker and operator on vests;
also apprentice, GUV4 Stevenson st.
GIRL wanted to do Reneral housework. 117
Clipper Bt.. bet. 25th and 26th. off Church.
WANTED— Girl for general housework: small
family; apply bet. 9 nnd 12 a. m. 2342 Post st.
-A GIRL for general housework. Apply at
3007 . Sixteenth St.. -above Mission.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and housework.
IS10 Laguna Bt., 9 to 12 a. m.
GIRL for housework, tirsist v.-lth baby; wages
$15. . Call ln the morning at 1104 Ellis at.
GOOD finisher Rnd apprentice girls on custom
coats; paid. 12(T Russ et^
NEAT girl for downstairs: one \^ho under-
stands cooking; wages $25. 1180 O'Farrell st.
CUSTOM shirt operators and finishers. D. C.
HEGER. 1314 Market st, opp. Seventh.
GIRLS for handwork en corsets. 231 Powell
street.
NEAT girl to do housework and cooking. 818
Hayes st. between Fillmore and Webster. '
WANTED— Rellahle girl to take care of a
child. 2110 California st. »
NURSEOIRL. Apply, at 1S36 Sutter St.
GIRL to wait at table; experience not neces-
sary. 406 Pacific st; call at 8 a. -m.
.1 WANTED— A girl for general housework;
I wa K"- Apply. 614 DeviEadero St.'
I YOUNG .girl for general housework; good
j wages. S14 Stelner ________
OPERATORS on electric power sewing m^-
chlnes on shirts -«nd overalls at GHEENE-
BAUM. WEIL &*MICHAEL'S. 531 Mission.
WANTED— First-claes trimmer for country (lo-
:BltIon;only flrst-class apply. Box 16SS. Call.
I WANTED— Girl to do cooking." washing and
¦ downstairs work; must be good cook, j Apply
i 1600 Fell. et. ;.
WANTED-^A lady as housekeeper.' to take
care of 2 children and small house (Invalid
lady In country). ; Address box 1678. Cal L
WANTED— Coat finlslur. 24 Hayes st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market st .---. "'
WANTED — A woman cf tact' and refinement:
J free f rort* home 5 cares and > willing to travel.
Address Commercial.': box 1637. Call office. .
¦ OPERATORS on '¦¦' ladles': underwear to work
J in factory. -723 Market st, room 35.
HELP V.AXTED— FEjIAIiB.
FINISHERS on coats and pants and operator
• on pants. Ml Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP \VA.\TPEn MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main &84S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
:..'.. Want 7 a. m. to-day ¦•
5 farm and orchard hand* $20. *2?
Choreman and milk, 70c fare ;r>
Married teamster, Shasta Co.. $35 to J^J
3 gardeners, vegetables and flowers .•••?¦^
"VVoodehoppcrs and tiemakers, tools furnished
Stableman, country j*^
Blacksmith, country shop.. 12 50 day
Cook, country restaurant ¦• :"J1?
4 second and third ccoks Wj and *W
3 waiters $25. $30 and $3 week
I Dishwasher for a club, country...... ••¦••••?;«
MURRAY & READY .....631-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. IIANSEN A CO.'S... Phone Grant .185
10 dril'ers for railroad tunnel work.. Free rare
..I... ......HOTEL. DEPARTMENT.....
All-round laundryman. Institution. $3o: lroner.
country hotel. 133; cake baker, country shop.
$50; second baker, country shop. $3j; upstairs
porter, hotel. $25; 6 bellboys, hotels, $10
Distiller, country, $75; 2 vegetable gardeners.
• J26 and $30; 2 Swiss milkers, $S0; man and
wife, private- place. $40: cook and wife, coun-
' try hotel. $40; 3 fo»:r-hcis? teamsters. SoO: 2
two-horee teamsters, $1 73 to $2 a day. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Oeary st.
a— wanted •.%;••"":;•••¦
Carpenter with tools for mine. $2 £0 a day:
6 teamsters, city. $1 75 a day: washer and
clean harness, stable near city, $33 and found:
2 pruners for vineyard, $26; 5 pruners for
orchard $26; Scandinavian choreman and
wife, country, $40; baker's helper, country
shop $30 and found; cooks, waiters, dish-
washers and ethers. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay St..
3 DRILLERS for quarry. J2; 6 teamsters. $1 75
to $2 per day; 2 husky men for fertilizing
company. .$85 and board: redwood tiemakers
and wood 1 choppers. Cal. Etnij. Agency, S3
Third St.; phone Red 31.
fi PAINTERS, country; 1 lather; 2 cabinet-
makers; non-union: no office fees. Mechan-
lcs Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers" International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1CS3. I. LESS, Secretary.
WANTED — To correspond with a flrst-class
paper-rnaker; one who has a thorough, prac-
tical and, technical knowledge of processes
in" making paper. Write only to the Cali-
fornia Citrus Products Company, National
City. Cal.
PHOTOGRAPHER. good vle.w artistT wanted;
one experienced under skylight preferred.
Address Modern View and Portrait Co.,
Oakland.
WANTED— Men to drive teams; steady work.
Apply early to GRAY EROS.' Stables, Val-
lejt> and Sansome. or 17th St., nr. Guerrero.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 21 Mission st.
TAILORS— Ladles' tailor wanted for country;
must be first class and rapid. Apply at
STEIN, SIMON & CO.'S, Market and Second.
WANTED— Operator on pants; must know how
to finish. 2229'^ Mission st. '
MAN to help in kitchen. 17 Washington st.
BOOTBLACK wanted; Italian boy preferred;
short hours. At 415 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cleaner for spotting and In-
specting gents' clothing. Golden West Cloth-
ing Renovatory, 12 Montgomery st.
MAN for cleaning and pressing 'clothes. Reno-
vatorlum. S65 Geary st.
BARBERS — Good-paying 2-chair rhop; no rea-
sonable offer refused. DECKELMAN BROS.,
106 EUIa st /
FIRST-CLASS downtown barber shop; several
chairs; bargain. P. KTOLT^. 636 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. PAUEON & CO.^ 200
Kearny st.
WANTED— A pood tailor on coats to work in-
side. Call early. 12S2 Folsom st. •¦
BELL boy wanted. 15 to 18 years old. neatly
dressed. Apply Hotel Baltimore, Van Ness
avenue. .
TO TEAMSTERS, steady work. $1 75 and $2 per
day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
BOOTBLACK > Wanted; work on salary; good
wages and found. 1043 McAllister st.
WANTED— A single man about 50 years of age
who understands the care of horse and can
drwe. Apply 445 Valencia st.
MEN td lenrn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. 8. F. Barber College, T41A Howard. Re-
member, no barroom chair used In this college.
WAITER wanted to do porter work and carry
tray. 37 Eddy st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; non-union, i 31S
Gough tt. ¦
BARBER shop for saler 3 living rooms; rent
$10. 1612^ FolFom st., near Twelfth.
WANTED-^Recrults for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages cf 21 and S3; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over i feet
1 Inch in height: able to read, writ* and
epeak English. For further Information ap-
ply at .the Marine Recruiting. Office, 40 Ellis
Et.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman in furniture and carpets; state
reference*, where last employed, salary ex-
pected and ace: applications will not be con-
sidered which do not contain this information
complete. Address R. F. B., box 1637. Call.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
ths barber trade in two months, savins tw.i
years: mailed free: we have no 5c »hop In
connection with our college. Moler's Barber
t Coll"C». Cir. Clay ft.
BRIGHT men of pood address: money ad-
vanced to ripht party. Call between S and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st.
WANTED— A gentleman to Interview selected
individuals with a view to securing: their in-
terest in Japanese art; artists with leisure
preferred. 5 Market St.. room 5.
%V\NTED — Ln borers and mechanics to .know
that Ed Holkln. Reno Hou«» proprietor, still
runs Denver IIru«e. 217 Third St.: 150 larg»
rooms; 23o per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED- 10 good teamster*. Apply to J.
O'SHEA. Seventeenth and Vermont sts. j
IMMEDIATELY: three young men of Rood ad-
dress for city nnd country work; liberal sal-
ary. Call 59 Columbian building, city.
UNDER PREPSEHS on coats and vests. EE-
LAfiCO ft. HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
GET your shoe* half-soled while waiting; 25a
to Me S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d tts.
ALL sizes men's shoes. *llehtlv damag-d. half
price. E62 Mtrslon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SATLORS. blacksmith, reamen & green hands;
.all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 16 Steuart.
WANTED — ICO men to take rooms. 10c, 13c and
• 20c.' Boston House. 920 Howard »t.
PENSIONS-J. II. Shepard & Co.. old reliable ,
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Ph»lan building.
WINCHESTER Hou'«e. 44 Third St.. n«ar ,Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c nlpht: reading-rooms; free
S 'bun nnd baggage to nnd from ferry.
A BRANCH otflce for Call advertisement* and
FUh*crfi)t!ons has been established at 1W*
Vnl»n«Mw c t. ,
— jj---— S - AXD WAGONS.
<0 HOUSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
' S77 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR Sale— At ECLIPSK STABLE. 1373 Eddy
St.. 3 road homes. 1 road team. 1 bay carriage
horse. 17 hands; al«j wagon and business
horses. . '¦¦"•-' '>'¦: ¦'":
S. F. VETERINARY College will coinmenc« Us
Id cession June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Fancoast. r*n.. 510 Golden Gate avf.
A NEW pneumatic-tired road buggy. DR. L.
KRAKER, veterinary dentist, 164 Golden
Gate ave.. corner Leiivenworth st.
FOR SALE— Fin» chestnut family horse anf
phaeton. 1044 Valencia st.
THREE fast -road horses: also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st. ¦
STYLISH driving horse, and cart; lady can
drive. 1314 Mason »t. .
SECOND-HAND physicians' rubber-tire buggy
, j and adjustable seat trap. ' O'BRIEN'S, 500
CioMr-n Gate ave. JsStt^SSSSii
A — 100. SETS second-hand harness; wacons,
. carts, bucgles. surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN' A No.' 1. express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for rn\e cheap. 532 Mission.
houses to;lkt. - ¦ , ~
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
• cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1932, near Laguna— Eight rooms,
.bath. .laundry;, marina view; rent $43.
FILBERT, 1225— House, 7 roores. bath; large
¦ sunny yard; rent 317; water free. .'-
HOUSE of S rooms and bath; large yard; cheap
rent." 2251 Mission st. _ * •¦
HOUSES WAXTED. V <
WANTED— Modern house ' or flat of 'six rooms
..and, bath, very, nicely: furnished, by reapon-
• slble . party for two >. months or ' longer- In
Western Addition. ¦ Box ¦ 1S14. ¦> Call ofnee.*.
IIOUSK CLKA.MJiC. ~^~~~T
JAPANESE House 1 Cleaning Co.. estab. 1S30
i ! ' removed . to 419 Devlsadero.st.; tel. .Fell 136. *
INVALID f^rcjj^VgE.
INVALID furniture and appliances; saleor rent;
F. OOODBAN. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post st.
—— — —^— — — -— —
LOST— Lady's gold open-faced watch, with
chain and locket containing valued picture
and hair of deceased boy; reward. 1613 Bu-
chanan st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbemia Savings
and Loan Society of Fan Francisco in the
name of EMMA BRADFORD, No. 237-Wi.
The finder will pleas.? return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, tn the
name of ANNIE DOYLE; No. 173-1235. The
finder will please return to bank.
.FtjUND— Gold-mounted plpe> at ferry. S. F
Address HIS Broadway. Oakland, room 63.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing, o. Nolte
jeweler. ?IS O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
OLD gold-, silver, diamonds and precious itones
bought. J. R. JHNKEL. »17 Market nt.
MATIUMOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list; oldest reliable agency; con.
fldentlal. MRS. HERTZ. 7!W Ellla »t.
MARRIAGE bureau.; est. 1S78; reliable; con-
fld»ntlal lists. 10c. 3*3 Kearny st.. rms. 5-4.
MATTRESSES A.M> i: P 1 1 0 1.STERY.
MA^T^E^S^S~1«id^p1h^lMeryrtei." "south~732;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, K23 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 33 years' practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office; patients treated can return sam«
day: those, -wishing to treat themselves should
fend for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT^ sure cure: gives Instant relief : harm-
less: any one can use It: stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment; safe and reliable; 10
years in Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced In
R. F. since 1SS1; maternity home; fes low.
1067% Mnrkst street, near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O'DON'NELL. moved to MlS Mark-t.
opp. 5th: world-renowned ladleV specialist;
tafe. reliable: practiced In San Francisco far
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
• treatment can be used at home; consultation
' free. After all others fall call on him.
j II US. DIJ. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
I Safe and reliant* ladies' physician: 25 years'
j successful practice; positive cure guaranteed;
when ethers fall consult free. _^
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 15 yrs.*
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office: any nllment: home for patients; con-
' suit free. 942 Post »t.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
j MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to HIS Market.
bet. Tavior nnd Mason: ludlen* specialist.
MINES AXD MIMXG.
MIXES bought ar.d sold: also stockn in mines
p.nd oil companies. Prof. John Tilton. * 47i-
. 47S. 4th floor. Parrrtt bMr.: 10-H. 1-1
Ml.M.NG AXD ASSAYING.
MINING engineer wishes to get in charge for
mining company; alao familiar with mechani-
cal and electrical engineering. Address O.
K. W.. €31 Geary st.
TWO experienced prospectors would like to
confer with responsible parties interested ln
mining. Cox 1SCS. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS FOB SALE.
BOlLKRiT. ""engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1XTOSH & VVOLPMAN. 1JS-197 Fremont it.
B.A RS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
: have a. large, stock of saloon r--trtt» on hand;
£3 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything ln 24 hours. J.
NOCXAN. 1017. 1019. 10C1. 1321 Mission it..
above Sixth: write for catalgoue.
m;Y n brand-new typewriter for Jj down and
$."» r*r month: write fcr catalogue and price.
• TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California,
ft; rental*. n*>w machines. $1 per month.
j A-Ei;YP, selli or rents (fear machinery, en-
i wir-.r'. bolter*; water r-!P«'*. shaftJnz pulleys.
I etc. WIUTHLAW. ?1S Sp«ar st.
I 20 H.-P. D. C, 220 volt Weailngnousft motor
i for sale or exchange for any other machln-
' ery. Box 1S47. Call office.
i IFOR sale— An uprigrht piano. In good order;
! price I1C0. IH Franklin st.
J a— "J-TON Howe waron acale; compound
i beam. .»rSy «t f>* Cali/ornta st.
1 TYPEWRITER?. 2d-hnnd. all makes, at low
i tijrjre?. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgy.
I Gasoline cr distillate engines, r.ew and M-hacd:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. *.« Bluxome.
i THIRTY r.-ft. emerald hath tubs at a Bar-
gain. :0l Mission St., near Main.
I 400 HO hard second-hand bricks; Baldwin site.
I Apply on premises: JOHN MOORE.
A 15 AXD 23 H. I*, bcller; S II. P. en-jlne;
cheap. J. III'RKE. 1£» Beaie gt.
r'TUST-CI.ASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers noupht nnd gold. KROO1I MFO. Co.
:D-H\.N'1> steam. Raw. oil, water and »lr ma-
chinery bouirht and cold. White, 51S Mission.
i"HOToGP.APHlO and magic lantern goods
touelit. *oM. exchanged. 109 Montcomery st.
tj^KES-New and second-hand. THkJ HEK-
?JANN SAFE CO.. 417-4:3 Sacrsm»nto st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and M-hand moving
rlciure*. BI'LLARD A ItRECK. I'll Po*t nt.
SAFES-V ar'l •«v>n'!-h*m!: all sire". T1IK
WATTT. SAFF. «*.TI1 M»tV«' «f.. Sin Fr«n.
I jiijici:LLA.Ni:oi:s wants.
LADIES' and penis' cast-off clothln< bought &
j sold. Silverman. 3S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
SIOMSY TO 1.UA.V. ~
A— MONEY to loan at rate's which peoDle can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
r.ut bcrrow of your friends or you -will lose
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
I publicity. Kooms » and 10, 90S Market it.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent: first,
second mortgage*, estates ln probate. Interest
in estates, legacies: corporation- loans, chattel
mortsases and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle buildlne. IIALLORAX *- OLSE.V.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. ?d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing: business else-
where. H. McCOLGAN. 2» Montgomery, r. S.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry ftore. S46 Market
St.: tel. Main 1«44. Branch 19 Third at.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldtr.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. T7. J. HE-THAU 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture; ptanos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room CS.
MONEY loaned Falarled people without security
HILL. rm..44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California;
tlCO.Ott) TO loan on real estate or for building-;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. J2S Sansome. rm. 2.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 8%. undi-
vided Ints.: estates. HARPER.397 Parrott bl?.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. TUE
TOX7SLEY CO.. Kl Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on. furniture by prlvte party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room L '
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORP.KLL. CC3 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Age 113 Phelan birr.
S MUSICAL 1NSTUUMKNT3.
THE Mauval* Music Co~agents for'the"ce7e-
brated Decker & Sen pianos, haye Just re-
ceived another carload of these beautiful In-
struments The greatest variety ln styles of
caies and woods can be seen and persons de-
siring to select one of these most perfect
pien*<> should call early. Wareroom. T8» Mar-
" fcet st.
WE have In stock a complete assortment of
Smith & Barnes, Baumeister. Willard and
Arlington pianos for these who desire a good
reliable instrument, tut do not care to pay
' the price of a De.cker. To all such we Rive
the privilege of exchanjjlng for a Decker at
,any time by- paying the difference without
less. We sell on payments with low Interest
If it is desired. MAUVAIS MUSIC. CO.. 76j
Market st. . ¦ . -
A BIG BARGAIN LIST. " '
J475 Conover .for. ;.J23O
J45O Standard for... M3
HOC Curtaz for.. 570
(125 Curtaz for ...; 265
WiO Sterling for ra
$"0O Wellington for : 215
Schledmayer. J1S0; WeMey & Co.. $175; Sher-
v.-ood & Sons. 4 J1G.V. Gabler, Si:*; Haines Brcs.
JUO; Hallett & DavK $133; Chlckertng square.
$73. *M»m<* are new. some second-hand, all In
the finest condition. Easy payments or for
cash. IiKNJ." CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell
"St.. Chickering agency. Also the "Apollo."
self-player, latest anil best.
WHY second-hand piano?. f 130 will buy new
one. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bu tiding.
WANTED— Five good square pianos for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post st.
PARTY going East must sacrifice fine standard
make upright piano. 324 Golden Gata ave.
MUSICAL IXSTRrMEXTS. "
ANY person having use for a piano can bo ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'b with
•"'ft payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to ciioose from. Each the best
or their grade, from Steinway down. Prtr-
««¦¦*• given to exchange medium and low
p <. c ifi p .'v ncs for a new Steinway any ttm»
within three year» from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprishts sold for $8 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
Pill? 3 £r r »^' " aad * 5 P«r month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & cp.. steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth «t. Oak-
14 na. \
A «w W »S! e ",?!£7»i 0 . "'.7 P |an °» till March 1.
$13S up. Greatest offer ever made ln Saa
Trancieco In prices and terms
1 Steinway. all uprights.. ' him
1 Novella • !LJ
1 Hallet A Davis .V" .S
1 Hatnes •. JJI
1 Chlckering i"
We handle all makes. A gents "for "".omi of
theoldest pianos In exlstence-Hallet & Davii!
Eehr Bros.. Jewett. etc.: agent* want-dl
HEIXE PIANO COMPANy!217 Geary st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago is KOHLER * CHASE'S M
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs 'and
all other musical instruments 11 f all grade*
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
A EONA-FIDE cleaning out removal sale of
second-hand pianos at low auction price*. $29
op (this week only). WILSON'S Storage. 1710
Market st
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
_°2y and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BA J?** AIJ «— Must be sold; nice upritrht piano.
SCHMITZ. u McAllister «t. next Hib. Bank.
A r^» A ?V Y n ' w 8rand upright cheap: brilliant.
Powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
B T«^? :<< * *' A t-'ZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron,
..lanzy. G»bler and Spellman Pianos. 308 Post.
'^am*V^ tttB!^' "P rl S ht . C00. 217 Geary at.
P ca N 1 ° 3 nr fr r m , *,? up: Bo -u»re!. «nd uprights:
FioSd bulld" H t ;." m ' nta - r > E ™*° CO - «
A^" F^
BEST rent «to"k ln city; n »w pianos $3 tier
month. SCOTT.-CURTAZ SCO gn
Wgggggg *W__5 *"he^. old and r.ew. H.
MILLER, mak-r. repatr-r. 2 Latham place.
C 2 F i; XP , E . ST an4 best ln Am7rlca-Th« Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th»
United State* or Pmwila nr ,~ v» nr f nr n
OFFICK.1 AXI) STOItES TO LET.
TWO nice stores with living room*) '; (How
suitable for florist or bakery; near a tran^fe-
corner: Sixteenth and Mission sts.; rent real
sonab'e. Key at 1340 Mission •!-.
A FINE stand for coffee and lunch house; very
centrally located: near new City Kail Arcly
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. li CiTy
Hall square.
CORNER store — West corner Fourth and Perry
sts. ; occupied as grocery and. bar for pas*. V)
years; rent |20; water free. Apply to o. H,
UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
6TORE and basement to lease on Grant ave .
near Geary st. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. Jl
Montgomery st,.
SCTTER. 826— Offices of lat» Dr. Beverly Cob;
furnished suitable for two physicians.
CHEAP, light omces. Emma. Spreckels bull-t-
Irs. 927 Market st.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Ptn« street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondent scllcited.
OIL LA.NDS FOR. SALE.
OIL lands fcr sale — 1T0 acres positively proven
oil land for eale ln S. 24. T. 23. R. 27, Kern
River district. SIZ'A per acre: will sell ln
20-acre lota and upward. Call or address
A. K. PERCIVAL <fe CO.. 520 Nineteenth St..
Bakersfleld.
KERN River; proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen A Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
FA1.M'EK!» AXIl DKCOBATOIU,
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered, (3
np. Jensen * I .th. 303 Sixth: '.-'pen evening*
PALMISTRY. *
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. acientlfl<? palmist 513
Taylor «t.. bet. Geary and Post: t»(. Biack HI.
I'ATEXTS AJTP JPBJtaiOXS.
ADVICE free; ro charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lairyer. Examiner »U.
PERSONALS.
FOR adoption; healthy brunette boy and pret-
ty blue-eyed girl baby; also attractive boy
S months old, with dark, curly hair; only
responsible parties need apply. MRS. DR.
Fl'.VKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
I VALUABLE information will be given to all
percona addicted to the use of cigarettes. liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEARCE. 726 Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
A— $1 SO DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at. near Pine.
FINE suits. J10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montcomery at.
! ELECTRIC light la every room— Winchester
\ Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
:;c to II SO per night; $1 ZD to H per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from thi ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SPECIAL sale, $i port and shnrry. 63c Mon-
areh Wine Agency. 1313 Market: send postal.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
j "Domestic" office. 1021 Market st. nr. Sixth.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fin-
ishing & models made. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with,
electric needle. MISS EATON. U13 Sutter st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
eountry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkr_
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn, Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
j hair to its natural color: *1; at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IK pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per yea..
PHYSICIAXS *• AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OfHce and residence.
10214 Market «t. between Sixth aria Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the h-.rn.-in body: «— ?
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOH SALEJ.
ALL Genuine Bargains in this Ust.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 657 MarXet st.
$2108 — 4 small flats: all rented fcr $3i>; H cash.
J2C50— Two splendid flats; rented £3; nftar «th.
$27CO— Two swell Mission fiats; S rooiw each
and stable; rents $30; mortgage $2300.
$3300— Three nice Hats; all rented: near Nine-
teenth an<l Mission sts.: pays 10 per cent.
J40OO— Corner Sacramento, east of Jones Trcnta
$40.
$5C0O— Corner: 4Cx9O feet, with good 10- room
house; Hyde st.
$7700— Splendid Investment; near Van Ne3s
ave.: rents JS1
$9500— Business property: Ninth st.. near
Mission; rents $U.
$11. 0CO— Store and two strictly modern flats
of 7 and 9 rooms; north of Market st.
$12,ifio— Leavenworth St.; r«U3 $105; lot 5o-
foot front.
$14,000— Thre* elegant flats; rented fop Jflft:
swell locality.
$20,000— Sutter st.; grand corner; 87:» f?et
front: rents $.135.
$3S,CC0-M!ssion-st. corner: 170x180 feet: actu-
ally worth $55,000: must sell at once.
$«.tOO— Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:6xl37:«
feet; rents $240.
$o5,t00— Grand corner; 60-foot front: few
Mocks of Orpheum: pays 8 per cent net.
$75,000— Grand corner: 60-foot front: within
block of Tlvoll; old Improvements; rent $400.
Other bargains.
. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. <S7 Market st.
GOING fast— Some very choice lots, north of
the park, with all the street work done, ready
for building, with 3 lines of cable and elec-
tric cars passing: Just the lets for a con-
tractor and builder to buy. to bui.d on to
sell again: they are so cheap, and on th»
tunny side of the street close In. on Sixth
and Seventh avenues: nothing for sale equal
to this. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
HAVE you property In the Mission and Hor-
ner's Addition that you want to sell, and to
make a quick sale you are willing to make a
concession?- then call on W. J. GLNN. 530
"California st.
$3730— FOR^SALE IN BERKELEY.
A fine house and lot, 9 rooms: flne. garden:
2013 Stewart ut.. near Adeline. Ashby
station. F. HOLTI'M. owner. 517 California
St.. Johannesberg Wine Vaults. .
CHEAPEST lets In. the Western Addition;
•outhwest cor. Pine and Lyon sts.; 7 lots V.
xlCO and KxS7:«: $12:0 to $1300. McGLTNX St
MEXTON. room 22. Chronicle building.
TEHAMA St.. near Third: lot 2--.x70; house. 14
rooms: rents for $30; price $£000. DONNEL-
LY CO.. «2 Market st.
IF you have lots to sell north .if th* Park. t*,-n
call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
SO VARA lot to lease: Main st.. near Howard.
.DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 30 Montgomery .t.
FOR the best located Jots in Richmond and th«
cheapest call on W. J. GUNN. 330 California.
BUSINESS CnANCES — CONTINUED.
A— $175: 'BRANCH bakery and variety store; S
rooms; cheap rent. AiiLAUGHLIN, 777H Mar-
fcft st. '
A— $150; MILLINERY store; 3. furnished rooms;
good place. McLAUGHLIN, 777Vs Market st.
A J175: RESTAURANT; good place for man
end wife. McLAUGHLIN, 777V4 Market »t. *
J2J0— CIGAR store: transfer corner: good trade;
rent $10. McLAUGHLIN. 7774 Market st.
A CUSTOMER of ours has cash and unencum-
bered real estate to exchange for good pay-
ing business or stock of merchandise. HER-
BERT & CO., rm. 710, Emma Spreckels bldg.
ACTIVE man to Invest from $1000 to $5000 in
established legitimate business; experience
unnecessary; guaranteed salary of $150 *o J200
monthly; best city references and bankable
security given. Opportunity, box 177T5, Call.
HORSESHOEING ehop: one or the best shops
In the city on one of the principal Etreets; will
eell cheap, as owner Is obliged to leave city.
Box 3635. Call office. *¦
j 1w v_a SACRIFICE: Red Front restaurant,
1734 Market at; come early. D. McRAE.
CIGARS, notions, laundry and bakery; three
living rooms. 607 Third st.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sal*. Apply
Call Business Cfflce.
LARGE outside route fXo. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call business office. j
$6no — ON account of retiring; delicacy and dairy
produce store; established 14 years; fine loca- '
tion; cheap rent; 4 living rooms. Call at 4M
I<arkin st .
FOR Rent— Unfurnished; first class: Union | .
' Hotel in Sonoma City: renovated from eel- j (
lar to garret. Particulars Inquire 1174 Ninth
St.. corner Chester, Oakland. | ;
I FOR sale— A steam laundry in the Sacramento !
' Valley doing a business from $100 to $150 per | .
I week; no other launlry within 50 miles. Box ; «
1643. Call office.
GOOD paying, old-eetabllshed lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber !ands.. yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. * F. Is. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal. <
! TO LEASE from the 1st of March; unfurnished j
hotel, broad gauge station. San Rafael. Ap-
I ply owner. 11 Lyon st. San Francisco.
j RESTAURANT : good location; cheap: I am
: leaving city. 610 Stanyan St., end of Halght.
FOR SALE— Cheap, established restaurant; J
owner has other business. 12 Washington st
WELL-ESTABLISHED carpenter shop for ;
f=ale. Apply 316 Gough St.
RESTAURANT and three rooms for sale. Call
C02 Mission st.
! CANDY and stationery store, etock and flx-
I tures for eale cheap; no agents. 205 Polk st.
FOR sale— A fish and delicacy store. Address
C. M. W.. 346 Virginia et.. Vallejo.
Jj? TTINR J30"t per month at races; references .
given. Information Lyons. t21 Market, r. 4.
j LARGE ln.«lde route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
LODGI.VG-HOL'Sr.S FOIt SALE. '
! A WE PAY EPOT CASH %
For Rooming-houses and Hotels
] Do Not Wait for Agents to Sell
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S30 Market.
! $750; 20 ROOMS; nil one floor; Geary Bt. ; ! 1
j clears $100; only ?"50 cash required.
; JJfO cash for 11-room house; nicely fur-
I rished: pood location: balance payments.
$.'.00 for lS-room boarding-house; central; ;
always full; rent Ji3: long time balance.
Vacant houses furnished
We furnlFh the money, you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SCO Market.
! MARION GIUFF1N n.is a big list of houses. j 1
: Kooms 1 & 2. No. 719 Market; near Call bldg. j
i 23 rooms; rent $7.">; first ftoof: all offices; must j 1
> lie told: departure; reduced from $l?C0 to $1450, ! J
8 rooms: cor. flat: all sunny: elegant: rent $43; *
brand new and nice: strictly first class. j j
j 11 rooms: costly fur.: rent Ji3: respectable. $900
1 40 rooms; respectable: rent $150; modern
house; owner leaving c:ty; a fine bargain. T
18 rooms: good fur.; rent JGS J1100
CO rooms: fine cor. house: light; sunny; :
t full; price reduced f<v>m S3000 to $4o00 j s
130 ROOMS; brand-new; must sell; north Mkt.;|:
rent ?75. WIXSTOX & WOLF. K26 Market.
'. U ROOMS: north of Market; part cash: price ! .
I $425. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st. 3
CO ROOMS: rent $115: north of Market; fine pay- j
ing house. WIXSTOX & WOLF. 1026 Market, j
16 ROOMS: corner; cheap rent; price S2S00; part !
cash. WINSTON & WOLF. 102C Market Bt. j '
€0 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000 j .
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra... 930
10 rooms, $430; 10 rooms, quick 850
JS50 buys 14 elegantly furnished rooms; all
hair mattresses; best of bedding: clears $S5
month; rent onlv $C2 TJ): bisr barealn; best lo-
cation. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St. j
j LODGIXG-HOUSES-Sir.es and prices to suit j j
j nil buyrs; titles guaranteed; money loaned I
S buyers'; before buying call. !
I G. W. SCHWEINHARD, |
1 Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st., bet. 5th & 6th. |
i CALL and see our list of bargains In houses; | '¦
we. have them ln any part of the city nnd at ¦ '
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S i
I Sixth Bt. i
! $750—26 ROOMS: fine location: well furnished; !
all rented; low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st. !'
! $1KOO— LODGING-HOUSE for sale; DO rooms.
] 11SH Ellis ft.
i SPIRITUALISM.
] JX'ST arrived from the East. Mr. and Mrs. j
1 Foster, mediums for spirit photography and I
1 spirit telegraphy; «lttlngs from J to 5; get a j
j photo of your spirit friends. 209 Taylor Bt. j
j KARL EBERHARDT, new test meetlnc to- !
j night: 10c. 3230 Twenty-second St., between I
1 M lesion and Valencia. I
; I MEETING to-night. 12?8 Howard st. Mrs! \
i Maxwell.' Thursday. 8 p. m., 1133 Mission j
I st.. Cambria Hall, 7-8.
j MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materialising se-
I ance Tuesday evening. 139 Taylor St.; 50c. •
t . ___
MRS. LOUISE KEREW. Psychic. Electrfc and
Magnetic Healer, room 14, S05 Larkln st. I
MRSC HARLAND'S circle to-night, also Wed.; {
startling tests. 10c; readings, 50c, SI. 148 Cth.
1 W. G. KEEGAX holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat, 10c. US Sixth, 2d floor.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
1 night. 605 McAllister it i 10c; come, skeptics. J
C. V. MILLER, trumpet seance. 8 p. m.; 50c. j
i 1CS4 Bush St.. near Leavenworth. i
MRS. LESTER— Readings. 50c; circle every eve '
ex.. Sat. 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222, Turk.
i EARLE, 205 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Tuesday and Thursday. '.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer; I
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room H. }
1 -_____________^ ¦¦ _
I MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, healer '
1 and card reader. 148 Eddy 6t. ]
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance. bus.medtum.Hfe {
reader, medical clairvoyant 1164 O'Farrell.
. C. Mayo-Steers. 112'. J Oak st. trance medium;
readings II; hours 1-5 p. tn. : tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mere-; »1tfln-« dally; ».»t« tn nil to-night : IQc.
CLAIIIVOYAXTS.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS.
The world's greatest living palmist and clalr- '
1 voyant. can be consulted dally on all affairs of
life; he .advises you whether you will be sue-
1 cestful in business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns Is beyond the shadow of a
doub». the most scientific practicing palmist
! ar.d clairvoyant in the world to-day.
• , There i» no home so dreary or snd. no life
so hard and blighted, no heart fo sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this inspired prophet of modern 1
• times: all long-standir.g and chronic diseases
' that have baffled the physician's skill cured
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
• separated, settles lovers' quarrels, causes
' speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures,, removes evil influences; cure* flt3;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
' knowledge; tells If your loved fines 1* tree; en-
'. »bles you to win the affection of any ciia you
desire; also that which a person is'best adapt-
ed for in life Is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies: no matter what your
! trouble Is, he can and will -help you or
charge you nothing for his services.
N. n. — Palmistry taught; mediumlstlc per-
, sons developed. 28% Kearny st, near Market,
Readings by mail.
If you cannot call, write. Give date of birth
: state whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
! questions; inclose $1. 9 a. m. to 8 p. in. j
" CONSULT tho Quaker medium and palmist: *h«; '
will reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
t vice can be relied upon In all business affairs
sal»»s< of property, oil. nilnes and lawsuits; do
you want a better position? Call and learn how
to get It. MRS.E.SANDERS.1104 Market, r. 2S.
; MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. corner Golden Gate ave... rooms 23
' and 36: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
> guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
> ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op
6th: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m!
t MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant, business me- !
dium: mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
1 MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, can! render-
free tests 25c up. i"2 Stevenson Bt. cor. Slxta.' I
' CL AIR VOITAXTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS . ' • ¦
Clairvoyant and business medium. Is perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bulldins. She reads your life correctly, gives
an accurate description of the past, reveals
thft present happenings and portrays 'events
to occur in the future. If you are in trouble,
discontented, unhappy or not satisfied In life,
or ' have domestic, lovo or business troubles.
I consult this great medium and you will "be
told how to overcome them. Valuable advice
in all affairs of. life; 25c up; perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed. ' . . .-•
MME. TORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & 'card
reader, born with- double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladle' 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. ZEREDA. the sypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Sgventh st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken;te.l,HowardlS46.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S^ Jessie St.. bet. 5th & 6th.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune-
teller, has removed to 222 pddy st
MME. -AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader ar.d
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATIXO AND CLEANIXO.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. K3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. -E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beattne and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth 6t; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Suttcr st;
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WAI/COM. Proprietor.
I CO.VKLLVS Carpet-Beating Works, 233 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
! CHIROPODISTS.
; CORNS bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLT'S Afrency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
I WOLFE 6t., S— Cottage 4 rooms, yard, etc.;
j r?nt 59. Key 2948 Mission st.
$12— REAR sunny house cf 5 rooms, facing
small street. 2310 California st.
DENTISTS.
AT7heELECTR(>*DEXTAL CLIXIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, "Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
t3 50 up; plates, extractions free, J4 JO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
A — DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for -0 days on all
plates, crowns and bridge work. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crown?, $3 50; tilling?. 50c; plates.
$3. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 2< Sixth st.
EIGJIT rrizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest nnd guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GKOItOB W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
! DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates .are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per pet; extracting, fOc; gas given.
THE New York I>sntists have moved to 969
Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. DOe.
DR.R.L.WALSH.S15»i Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
J less extraction C0c;plates ii up;phone Polk 1133.
j PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full Eet of teeth. U: crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
S DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aralner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAX VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOI'NG. 1311 I'olk Et.
j EDUCATIONAL.
j E^KTTn^G^^IlOoTT'sr^r^UpiNESS COI~
LKGE. 12315 Market St.; individual Instruction :
1 ln bookkeeping, shorthand, Engll3h branches; ;
I civil sen-Ice coaching; tuition }5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
I year got positions. SAN FKANCISCO BUSI-
I XKS3 COLLEGE. .1236 Market St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day
and evening; $8 per month; 150 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
j courses; telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; posl-
! tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
! GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
j Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
I Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
thorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $M; catalogue.
! HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st".
i K. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
• images, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
1 electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
! and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
I A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the. university, law and m«*dlcal
colleges; references, l"*resldent Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
C A LI FORX IA BUSIXESS COLLKGB has posl-
• tlons guaranteed to it by written contract.
i and can therefore -with confidence guarantee
I positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
! MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
I typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-43
I Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping figures; short
j time. TARR. exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
! MINING tchool of H. Hlrschlng. 334 Kearny Rt.,
j opf-n; day nnd eve. classes; chemistry, llxiva-
tlon. mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mlnlnK,mcch..8ur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1SC4
j VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. S33 Marl^t.
j PIANO lessons given at low rates; Harmony
and thorough bass also taught. Box 15S8, Call.
MAXDOLIX. violin, guitar players, club prac-
_j:lce. Mcrkl. reliable teacher. JCC8 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
j etc.; day or eve.; ?.'> mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
I COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
j clalty; simple methods.'; successful. 3040 16th.
I ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION- night class. 424 Pine Bt.
\ EMPLOVMRXTC OKFICES.
I A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
I help furn. ; domestic servants; work executed
j with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
j JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
I cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO
1 AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE central house-cleaning & 'employ.
ment: all kinds help. 1C4S Sutter: tel. East 203.
• JAPANESE and Chinese employment ofHce*
boBt help. 526 O'Farrell st. tel. : Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
A B C EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
I . nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
BfFt help. 411^ O'Farrell at. tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMEST WANTED F13MALK.
A COMPETENT woman with a child
I situation; food cook and housework; ref-
eronefs. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS French chambermaid and
seamstress desires situation; best of city rcf-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse-
girl or assist second '•¦ work; references. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st
YOUNG girl wishes position to do second
work In private family. Call Tuesday at
2313 McAllister et:
YOUNG girl would assist In light housework'
small family; no washing; wages $12. Call
79 Waller Bt; no postals answered.- '
YOUNG woman desires position for light
• houfewcrk/ Address- 210 Turk st.
WOMAN Would like to do work by the day"
146 Eleventh st. room 10. •
GIKL wants second work and waiting; city
references. Call 30S Fulton st.
RELIABLE;woman wishes situation as cha'm-
bermald In lodging-house.' Apply 530 Gough.
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman to do
plain housework. 1359% Minna st, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth.
A RESPECTABLE widow wishes a place to do
light housework and take care of children for
a good home for herself and 2 children, ; aged
9 and 5 years; wage* no object MRS. B.,
1PSU Fell St.: basement. X)Sl&&f£t&ag&!b&
TRAINED nurce .wants-.. engagement: perma-
nent preferred ; terms reasonable. Box 1636.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St. near Mar-
I ket-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night. $1 60 to $8
week:, convenient and "respectable; free 'bus
1 and baggage to and from ferry. <..<..
SAX FRA.\ CISCO CALL. •
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Can Francisco
Ca!L comer cf Market and Third streets; open
eetll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
earner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes » Irert: cpen until 9:3} p. tn.
f33 McAllister ttreet; open until S:20 p. m.
ftf Larkln street ; open until 9:M p. m.
2541 &! lesion street; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cnt!I » p. m.
1C« Eleventh rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
: r 'S6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
ICcrthwest corner Twenty-tecond an-J Ken-
*r»rfcy r»reetf: oi^en »'ntll > p. m.
CHCttCH SERVK^ES^
FT LUKE'S Church. Van Ness ave. end Clay
»=t.. Rev. Burr Miller Wet-den. Rector-Ser-
vices for Ash Wednesday: Communion at
S a. m. ; e^nlee (Penitrntlal office), with
rermon. at 11 a. m. ; evening prayer at
4:3ft p. m.
MEETWG SOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., •
will meet THIS (TL'ESDAT) EVEN-^\^
ING. February 19. at 7:3" o'clork. JfLX
Stated meeting and ii. M. Degree. By'V>
order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. S?cretary._
ORIENTAL Lodge No. *«, F. and A. i»
M— Third degrre THI." (TUESDAY) Jf\s,
EVENING, nt 7:30 o'clock. /\jK
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. '"___
CALIFORNIA Ccyncil Xo. *^_Ba|r<^__v
RSU. NaTl'-v.al fninn, m»-«" s» Jr a*_T^? f rJlApt !
TO-NIGHT. Elk< Hf.ll. '*
Sutter et. Initiation, re-
freFhmer.ts and er.terta'.r.rr.er.t. Visitors cor-
<!:all; r welcomed.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
CHAS. H. VAN CRDEN. Secretary.
NOTICE of Ftockhoider*' meetlnc — A »p«ctal
meeting of tl.e stockholders of the Honolulu
Fucar Company is called frr and will be |
held et the office of the comrany. No. 327 ]
Market rt.. Si>n Francisco. Cal.. on XION-
I>AT. February IS. 1J01. at 11:30 o'clock a. |
m.. fcr the purpose of con*ie«rlng a propo-
ritlcn to d'.rrclve the corporation and to con-
»ider f-ueh ether bu«lnefn ae may come be-
fore the meeting. By order rt the President'
E. H. SHELDON'.
Secretarv Honolulu R-Jrrer Company.
T>«ted Pun Franciyo. February 2. 1*01. j
ATTORMiYS AT LAW. j
ADVICE free; divorce !aw a specialty; private; |
no fee without success; collections. O. W. j
HOWE, atty st law. !50 Market, cor. Stockton, j
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections: damages: es- 1
tates: minir-g; open even. :.M l'arrott bldK. I
FRANK \V. SMITH, mining and probate law a
•»pec!alty. Mills big., r. S. 4th fir.; tel. Red 361S.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
V. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels Mdsr.. 0T7 Mar- j
ket et. ; consultation free: no fees In advance, j
-. ' "* I
AGEXTS \VA>TED.
THE T?io Michol Rubber Company of San
Francisco, Cal.. wants intelligent men to act ]
as its ajer.ts throughout the United States; j
murt be men or chara.-ter. address and push. 1
Th» company owns ixrge properties, is out of |
<!«-bt and In a thoroughly sound and nourish- I
ir.f condition. It has a considerable ecreage j
already planted to rubber and has a large j
Icree of men constantly at work. It offers 1
for Fale a limited number of interest benring J
and installment certilicates. A comparatively t
•-null amount investe 1 now will produce large
and Fteadlly inrrpz^ing income In near future. .
The corporation brfttf closest investigation. !
Agents and Interested persons apply IMo Ml- I
chol Rubber Co.. r. Crocker bldg.. S. F. I
A
COFFEE
SALESMAN
VThi knows er.ouch about coffee to tell by !
«rpearance In roasted state country of pro- j
ductlon <of main varieties). :
If reliable and bright :
Ar.d willing to go on the road
May find position with representative firm.
FtJlte: Experience, nationality, cge. married
or s-.nsle, salary expected. ¦
References required. ¦
Address box 1811. Call, j
GOOD fcllcjton: male or female: excellent op-
portunity for right parties; salary and com- !
mission. 47 Post Ft., room 5.
WANTED— Good country solicitors. Monterey
Central Oil Co.. room 40S. Examiner building, j
AGENT in every town for "'Life of Queen Vic- I
tcria." Cal. Pub. Co.. 377 Market, r. 70S. S. F.
AGENT, lady, large income, as county repre-
t-entatlve cf local manufacturer. 1C16. Call.
ASPHALTL'H UOOKI.VG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 118*; Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
DICVCLE* Vor Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has just received 1901 Columbia bi- ';
cycles. : 1 Ltrkin Et. and 1SC6 to 1974 !
Pnge st. j
BUSINESS CUA.VCES.
A FIRST-CLASS pay»*)E corner grocery store j
in one of the leading towns of Southern j
California: place ts=ta'o. 13 years; doing a !
cafh bu»lnes»= of jibnut $1500 per month: 2 !
horses. 2 wagons: nxtures and stock at In- •
voice trsoo. call R. «.I. AVILKE. 26'j Kearny. j
A— J1250: CAFE and restaurant; elegantly fitted j
up ar.d d-!ng a ru^limj: business; located
rloso to Powell and Market sts. Call R. G. !
WILKE. M'i Kearny Ft.
A-J700; HALK-IXTEREiT in flrst-elass pay- 1
in^ restaurant; daily receipts about J60: rent 1
S'b: retiring partner to leave for East; a bar- I
gain. Call It. G. WILKE. WJ, Kearny st. j
A— V.T/<: CORNER grocery and bar; choicest 1
part Western Add.; clean store, fresh stock; j
- *roed paying business; rent $32. Inquire R. O. '
WILKE. K»,i Kearny st. j
A— $750; SALOON, 2 doors west of Montgom-
*j-y st; 3 living rooms; rent $45; daily re- !
celpts from Jli to $18; a good paying and j
c'.ran place. Cs.Il R. O. WILKE. 26>* Kearny. j
A— HOTEL about 30 miles from city. 33 rooms, j
dining-room, kitchen, pas plant, livery etable, •
etc.: price 5*0!W; cash $1VK>; balance on mort- '
cage; rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26»j
Ktarny st.
A— K500; SALESROOM of buggies, surreys,
phaetons, t-tc, new and second-hand; place
established 8 yearr; clearing about $400 per
mor.th: actual value about $4000: lnvesti-
gate. R. G. WILKE. £«>» Kearny et.
A— GENERAL merchandise ntore; about SO
miles from 8. F. ; estab. many years and do- I
Ing a flrst-class paying business; price $4000;
a vry rare chance and fullest investigation
Folloited. Call It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $iTTiO: SALOON, few cioors south of Market
rt.; place kept by owner 12 years and Is do-
ing a g<x>d business; sicknes only cause of
rale; net rent fSj. Inquire R. G. WILKE.
IC'i Kearr.y Et.
A— $S0f; CORNER butcher shop In northern
part, of city; rent $20; horpe. cart: selling 4
fattle an<i nltout 15 eheep per week; a cash
custom. Call R. O. Wilke. 26^4 Kearny Rt.
PARTNER wanted !:i a large, old-established
profitable bufinris. controlling a good, safe,
fol'.d and reliable trad»: owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an rceeptable party: duties
•win be the keeping of accounts »nd assist-
ing generally ln the management of the buil-
netf; one accustomed to horses preferred;
rapUal required JSCOO to $10,000; full value in
• !c!-.t ; bocks snd business open for Investiga-
tion. J. W. Donnelly & Co.. C32 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent
rooms 1 ar.d 2. No. 719 Market, near Call bldg.
A barber shop: great bargain; owner tick
Hotel in city; trial given JL%00
Restaurant In wholesale district, a hargaln.
Fr;i:t i-tore, vegetables, poultry; rent $10.. $200
AN unprecedented sacrifice; "j-room brick hotel
anrt furniture; doln< Immcnee flrst-class ($2
a day* business: cost, and worth $;n.ooo; of- I
fered for IlS.tOO; has rented for 5400; now
run by o^n^r.
N. P. SICKKLP. tho Land Agent. 6 Peary st.
CAPITAL procured for si! legitimate enter-
prises; stock companies Incorporated ln any
State; partnerships and loans negotiated:
t>urir.ers places of all kinds bought, sold and
• xchang^d by IIERHKRT tr CO.. room 710.
Emma Spreckels building, SI7 Market st.
MONEY sa%-cd to buyers; fine openings in gro-
cerlen, »aloor.s, cigar stort-s. hotels and oth«.r
busin^-SEts; invest leate.
G. \V. PCHWEIXHATID.
•Phone Mint 1*11. 917 Market, bet. 6th & Oth.
riNE-ni'NXIXO lst-class; restaurant; patron-
ape of several near-by hotels: receipts $SJ
daily; cnjj:clty l.VV chairs; will eell at rea-
sonable price. FISHER' & CO.. 1022 Market
WANTED— Parties to ;oln a co. now taking
Government claims fcr homestead & oil: soil
the best; »>lcnty of water for Irrigation. Roch-
dale Land & Oil Co.. zc Alontgomery st.. r. 22.
$2iO — GOOD corner restaurant and bar; rent
tSL Apply at WITCHMAX. LUTGEN &
«•«"».'£. 21<5 <;iay Bt.
GROCERY and lar; must be w>ld on account
rt departure; value in sight; $900 <no agants).
Addr*'ss Grocer. Iwx 1778. Call office.
F«"'R Sate — Hoarding-house and saloon privilege
in good mining camp; <"alavcrs« County; no
agents. Box me. o; I office.- . . . . '
CECVCD-HAXD business paying $125 to 1150
per m«r.th for sale; tibO. Address box' 1817,
''all office. / .
£30— PARTNERSHIP; city business; can make
$110 a month. Cal. Bus. Assn.. #554 Market
A LADY with $300 cash can buy Interest:. In
nrcntable ofSce busincte. Box 1S1T. Call ofUce.K ETodd, Ala~ .
G C Brown, Oakland
J Smith. NY- -,
WSeddlnB. S.Rafael
J Fam. : Chlcaaro
G H Murray. Win . :
W D Good, Seattle
L Wartenberg." Cal -•¦
J G Nelson, Portland
L A Goebel, L a . ,
Palo Alto
S H Thurston, Xapa
J Jon^s, Cal ¦-•¦> -..vr. ¦"¦
O R Clapp. ukiah- ."
II McFarland. Cal- 1 '
• J. Pcarlman, Marysvlle
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
PAL.VCE HOTEL.
M C Lewis, Hongkong
J B Byars, Detroit
E O Miller. Vlsalla
R H Saunrfers, Pa
XV B Heyburn. Idaho
O Stevens, Saciamento
8 C Tooker & w. Minn
A S Pratt, Boston -
Baron L Rosenberg. NY
C E Brethcrton, KnR
T XV Leadbetter &¦ w,
Portland , _
Miss H L Plttock, Or
F F Post, Spokane
A Galvln. Portland
J A Rodford & w. W
L Glvcrtnand, Ky -¦•
C Glvermand & w. Ky
Dr A Sovilhon. Ky
C H Platter. : Nev ¦
J Sparks. Rena •-
F F Titus & W. Cal
Mrs W Cosby, LosAnc
Miss L Schwarz, Los An
Miss J Brtgjru. LosAnK
Miss B Chanslor.^L A
R C Rawllnps. Mo /
F R Weber & w. 1 - Iowa
j B Bowen. Pa
.'S B Syrell. NT •
Mrs L-F McGurn, Ala
Mrs S A O* Neil, Cal
E D Beylard A w. Cal
W IrvinK, Riverside
E M Cooley, Sn Barclo
S S Sampllner, Ohio
W A Lamb, Chicago
C G Johnson,- Chicago
W A Burnett, P Alto
II H Gage. Ohio
W B Castle, Ohio
C W Corliss. Seattle
H L Rowbottom. Pa
G W Luce. Loa Ang
P H Erwing &• w. Pa
J G McKlnne>v Cal as
R G Sykes. Chicago
L J Rose Jr, Olnard
O B Barham. Los Ans
G P Moore, Omaha
H Fleischman. S.Amer
T II Yost, Los Ang
J F Trainer, Sacto
Mrs H G Hlncklcy.Cal
Miss V Percy, LosAn*
F C Nichols, ¦ N -Y
S T Britten, Menlo
H Frank. Berkeley
G Trlest & w. Cal
J N Hoyt.. Hanford
J E Koeberle. L«s An
F C Stettler. Ohio
J Mets, Tucson
H Radin. Fresno
L Huseman, Montague;
O H P Sheets. Red Biff
XV Harris. Sacto
H M Reed. Reedley
Mrs L A Stuart. Cal
C J Woodworth, Pa
J C Conkllne. Sn Jose
S Benjamin and wife,
geattl«, ' _,
XV R Wheat, Bakersfld
C M Osborne. Ill
R B Butler. Fresno'
N R Norrls. Redondo
D J Flanlgan, Eureka
H K Gregory. L A
W D Johnson & wire,
Kansas City
H Con way. Conn
R Barry, Nev
J H Avery & w. Col
Mrs E Ellsworth. St Cl
W Banthyte, Alameda
Dr Palumbe. Italy^
Mrs C W Llddell. Sn J
Mrs C D Meade, I Sn J
G E Gardner, Oroville
H C Kroner. Butte
A H Mueller, Butte ,
J H Noonan, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
H C Mitchell & wife,
Newcastle.
C Casedy. • Yreka
J C Crooks, Oakland
W M Lowell, Sac
W N Cone. Davisvllle
L M. Whitmore. Oakld
H Moore, Dixon
I P Dlggs. Woodland
C J Swanson & w, Wn
H E Frest & w, Sac
C Dunrhy, MHlbrae
J E Leopold. Sac
Mrs H M Albery.' Cal
W J Rogers,' San' Jose
J \WGlenn. Stockton
S P Thomas & w, Cal
J B Hoyt. Bird Landg
P T Turnbull, Fresno
J D Bradley, Merced
R U Doyle, N Y
G X Goldthwalte. Mass
J C Searles.' Boston
F Brooks, Santa Rosa
Mrs M Elmore, Nebr
Ml!«s Elmore, Nebr
S M Hohr, Santa Rosa
W W liar ham. S Rosa
A J •Larson, LodL
J H Dimond. Varlejo
O W Harney, Maryavl
O B Bond. Lake Co '
S F Britten,' Menlo Pk
J H Sherer. Colusa (
Wm Masulre r , Dutch F
F E Wright. & w. Sac
Miss Martha Afong to Wed.
' HONOLULU. Feb. : 12.— Miss : Martha
M. Afong ¦: left - here on th<?
transport Lawton for Manila, where
she Is" to be married to Lieutenant
A.: J: »Dougherty of the Thirty-seventh
Infantry. Miss Afont; is one of the well
known Afong daughters, a member cf one
of Honolulu's most; prominent families.
One of her sisters la the wife of Captain
Whiting. , commander, of .the Charleston.
The present 'eng-ag-ertient is the result of
an attachment formed while - Lieutenant
Dougherty was in Honolulu on his way to
Manila, at 'the. beginning of the war with.
Spain.;. ' 1 ¦ ; '- > .' ¦-•.
Engineer Killed.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. lS.-The south
bound express train on the Philadelphia.
Wilmington and | Baltimore ' Railroad was
wrecked a short distance : _ below North
•east.Md;.,at ; 1:45" thkv morning bv o-ash
Ing Into a derailed freight car. Engineer
Eaward Mead, agd 42 years, of .Wu U |,,, s .
ton.* ¦.was*.- instantly killed.' and - Fireman
George fW.v Myers -of Ridley "Park,. Pa.,
had' both feet "crushed and' sustained a
fracture of the -leg. None of the pas
.sensors were- Injured.
Denounces Yoshiwara* System.
. HONOLULU, Feb. 12.— The second
Grand Jury ever convened in Ho
nolulu Is now in session. In his
charge to the jury Judge Humphreys
strongly and eloquently denounced the
Yoshiwara system that has been in vogue
in Honolulu ever since the great fire of a
year ago burned out the inhabitants of
the tenderloin of thofe days. The Judge
declared that .• the -Ypshiwara. In which
there are now about 150 women, was a
disgrace to the community and he called
upon the. Grand Jurv to look into . the
matter. ' By inference he accused the
High Sheriff of conniving at violations of
the law, and he declared that some per
sons high in locaJ nffairs were receiving
revenue from the Yoshiwara, which is at
all times under the strict surveillance of
the Boardof Health and the police. Tha
charge also contained an elaborate argu
ment for municipal . Incorporation, which
has been the subject of much controversy.
Severe Storm in the Hawaiis.
HONOLULU, Feb. 12.— The heaviest
storm that has been experienced here
since 18S9 has almost completely tied
up shipping in- Honolulu harbor and
all : over ; the -islands for about a
week past. It began on Monday, the 4th.
when a southerly gale rose, with every
sign of.one of the south sea storms known
here as konas. For the. next few. days it
was not possible for any vessel to leave
the harbor of HoYiolulu, and at other isl
and points vessels hugged lea shores and
waited for better weather. In spite of the
severity of the blow, which was accom
panied by. very heavy rains and a bril
liant electric storm, very little damage is
reported from any point so far. Reports
from Hawaii and Maul have not yet been
received, owing to the delays, of vessels.
The island steamer Mauna Loa has now
been held in Honolulu for a w*k, waiting
for better weather before she would.leave.
REDWOOD CITY, Feb. IS.— J. L. Fra
zler. superintendent of the coast division
of the Southern Pacific Railroad/appeared
before the Board of Supervisors this
morning and a^ked that action on the pe
tition relative to the speed of trains In the
county be continued for two weeks. His
request was granted.
The petition asks for the repeal of an or
dinance which limits the Bpeed of all
trains over road crossings to ten miles an
hour unless gates are constructed and op
erated at such crossings. The ordinance
probably will ¦ be amended to compel the
construction of gates at the most danger
ous crossings and the placing of bells at
others.
San Mateo Supervisors Delay Action
on Speed Ordinance.
GRANT RAILWAY'S REQUEST.
the mandolin player, surrendered to-day
to the county marshal and was locked up
with his father and brother, all of whom
are being held for complicity with Mrs.
Lulu Prince-Kennedy in the murder of
Philip H. Kennedy. Later the three male
members of the family were arraigned,
waived the formal reading of the Informa
tion against them, pleaded not guilty. and
asked for an early preliminary hearing.
This was set for Saturday next, when at
torneys for the prisoners will ask that
they be released on ball.
Albert Prince * .Surrenders and. Is
Locked Up With Hi3 Father
•• L' and Brother.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 181— Albert Prince,
ACCUSED OF COMPLICITY
'IN KENNEDY MTJBDEJEt
Says She Intended- to Commit Sni
cid<?, but Revolver Caught in
Her Dress.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 18.— Catherine Da
vis, a comely looking woman. 22 years of
age. went to Dr. J. J. Doyle's drugstore,
on East Fifteenth street, to-day and shot
Fay Doyle, the proprietor's son. causing
a dang-erous wound. At the police station
Miss Davis said: "I wanted to kill myself,
and I went there to say to him that, I did
not care to live. But the revolver caught
in my pocket and he got the bullet I in
tended for myself. I hope he is not badly
hurt."
< The relatives of the wounded man say
that- the woman attempted to shoot Doyle
about a week ago, and that they will
propecuto ¦ her. Xhey had been keeping
company and quarreled.
Miss Davis was 'born and reared In Cal
ifornia. She came to Kansas City four
years ago and has wprked in a wholesale
drug: house here. She says she Is a pro
fessional nurse. Mr. Doyle Is 28 years of
age and prominent.
YOTTNOr WOMAN SHOOTS
KANSAS CITY CLERK
Edward D. and Helen Harmon to Peter Mad
ten, lot 13. block Q. Xewbury Tract, Berkeley:
$500,
B. Kelsey (single) to John Yule; lots 2 and
N 5 feet of. lot 3, block 2, on revised map of
Kden Park. Brooklyn Township (quitclaim
deed); $3.
Oakland Bank of Savings to same, lots 5
and 13, block 1, and lot 16, block 2. revised
n*ap of Eden Park. Brooklyn Township; also
lot on NW line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 123
SW of East Fourteenth street. SW 80, NW
110.&4, XE 80. SE 119.91 to beginning, lot 2
and portion of lot 3, block 2, same; $10. ¦
Mary L. McKnitt to Frank and Sadie C.
Langer. all interes.t in lot on E line of Pearl
street at SW corner of lands of Fltzslmmons
(by deed of March 1, 1SS8), X 43, E 140, Ala
neda; $1.
A. A. and Caroline Lisker to Annie Hun
ker, lot on XE line of East Sixteenth street.
1*0 NW of Thirteenth avenue. NE 120 by NW
30. block S9. Clinton. East Oakland: $2400.
William Lang to Winnie -Leslin (wife of
Gtorge). lot on W line of Locksley avenue,
1?S;S S of Clifton, street, S 4S:4 by W 100. por
t'en of eubdlvUlon of block G, Vernon Park,
Oakland;, gift.
Clara E. Brown (wife of S. H.) to Mary L.
Jackson (wife of Byron), all interest in estate
of Rebecca A- Galigher, deceased: $1. •
Hellen anfl'WIUlam Haldane to M. Rinehart.
lot on N line of Parker etreet, 164:2V» E of
Shattuck aveTiue. E 23 by X 133, being the E
half of lot 14. Steele Tract, Berkeley: $1500.
Alameda County.
Wlllard V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to
James H. Gllhuly.. lot on X line of B street.
107 :« \V of Sixteenth avenue, W 23 by N 100;
J500.
Liouls J. Hrousffnu to James Hall, lot on N
Him of Union street, 120 W of Hyde, W 100 by
N 60; $11,000. ¦
John P. Griffin to Virgillo Brnachl. lot on SE
corner of Auburn .and Pacific streets, E 40 by
S 6S:9; also all interest in estate of Julia E.
Griffin. <Jeceas**r $225.- — * ¦ ~
Thomas M. Johnson to Eugenie M. St. Paul,
Robert and Jane Dodds to Morris B.
O'Mpara. lot o» W line of Shotwell street.
ITS N of Twenty-elchth. N 25 by W 122:6- J33CV
Lawrence O'Connell to Thomas M. Johnson,
lot on W line of Florida street, 165 S of
Twenty-fifth. S 27:3% by W 100; J10.
* James \V. and Ada M. Goodwin to' John >G.
Hoyt and Henry M. Landsberger. three-fourths
of undivided three-elchths of same, quitclaim
deed; $7JC0. i
¦ Eugene Jr.. Edward and Thomas II. Kelly.
Paul Fuller and Daniel F. Sullivan (execu
tors and trustees of estate of Eugene Kelly)
to Lorenro D. Fell, lot on NW corner of Eddy
and \\ebster streets, N 27:6 by \V 100; J4625.
John E. Medau to Emma O. Medau. undi
y' .^. de nflh °f lot on N line of Fine street.
l.l:10>,4 B. of Steiner. K 34:4^ by N 137:6; J1500.
tpillio and Louisa Wallach to Calvin E
Knickerbocker, lot on W line of Scott street
30 N of Grove. N 27:6 by W 110; J3500. ollrel "
ntr.ma S. Code to Mission Home and Loan
Association, let on EMIne of Tremont avenue,
S&0 S of Frederick street, S 25 by E SO; $10
Patrick Wi Rlordan to Mary's Help Hospital
(corporation), lot on E line of Guerrero street
ISO 8 of Ridley (Thirteenth). S 160 by K 2S0*
quitclaim deed; ?10.
James W". Goodwin to Ada M. Goodwin, three
fourths of undivided half of lot at Intersection
of SW corner of Ninth and Division (New
Channel) streets. W \1\ N «0. W 233. NE 1S1
HE 46. K 6», N 12:10. HE 174: 12000..
Robert C. Joppenberg to John F, Rau. lot
SU^S ?2oPVi!oo: treet ' " 6 E of E
Na . t , 1 ?r anlel T - Cou!8 °n to Edwin Fret well, lot
xnVWAS" 1 Chestnut 8treets '
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FATALITIES FROM THE
BIO FIBJ& AT BAKU
One Hundred and Twenty-Seven Per-
sons Are Dead and More May
- * -. Succumb.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 18.— In the of
ficial report of the fire which broke out
February 5 in the magazine of the Cas
pian and Black Sea Company at Baku and
which spread to other depots, it Is admit
ted that 121 fatalities resulted from the
conflagratiol. and that in addition a num
ber of persons are expected to die from
the results of their burns. The search for
bodies is still being carried on.
West Indies Still for Sale.
COPENHAGEN. Feb. IS.— The state
ments published "{n London to the effect
that the sale ol' the Danish West Indies
to the United States has been abandoned
is not well founded. On the contrary the
negotiations are advancing, with pros
pects of- an agreement. The delay was
caused by further consultations with the
Rigsdag. . v '
Killed by Highwayman.
PITTSBURG. Feb. J8.-M. Hecko of this
city was shot while defending himaelf
from being robbed by three negro high
waymen at McKo«?s Rocks, near here,
shortly after midnisftt and he died this
morning. Two negroes were arrested and
are being held on suspicion.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. lS.-i-On Satur
day the Minister of the Interior. M.
Slpiaguine. ordered the suppression for
thiee months of the Novostl Dnja. a Mos
cow newspaper, which had violated the
prohibition against the publication of uni
versity bulletins. A secret circular has
been issued reminding all the newspapers
that the prohibition is now effective.
Information has been received here
that 220 students have taeen arrested in
Moscow, presumably the whole assembly
which obstructed the lectures emong the
students.
Eighteen students were arrested here,
but were subsenuently released. Pending
a. decision in their cases, however, they
were forbidden to re-enter* the university.
Sixteen additional arrests were subse
quently made. ri f!
The Forestry Institute, near by, held a
meeting and declared the instltue closed
until the sentences against the students
should be revoked and military law re
pealed.
The Institute of Railway Engineers, by
a vote of 230 against 100, declared for ob
struction. The Military and Medical
Academy students met, with the permls-
. 0I J,? f General Kouropatkin, the Minister
or War. the latter merely warning them
that he could not prevent the operation of
military law if obstructionary tactics
were adopted. Of the 800 who were pres*
ent at the meeting only 159 favored ob
struction. J^esolutlona. were adopted ex
pressing great discontent with the sen
tences imposed at Kieff and with military
law generally, but it was admitted, that
obstruction cannot lead to any desirable
result. Furthermore, the meeting de
clared its conviction that the- students at
other institutions would reach equally
sensible conclusions if they were granted
similar liberties.
.v. Tt !s . \f arn^ that Professor Melukoff.
the celebrated historian, who was taken
Into dustody.- last Monday, was arrested
for haying attended a. conference at a pri
vate house between students and liberal
citizens.
Newspaper Is Suppressed for Having
Violated the Prohibition Against
Publication of Univer
sity News.
Hundreds Are Arrested at
St. Petersburg and
STUDENTS OPPOSE
MILITARY LAW
The Dowieites claim in defense of their
action that two months ago the. woman
was given up by the doctors and that
what they did was a last resource.
Though no ofljeial action has yet been
taken, the probability is that the case w.'ll
be taken up by the medical council.
During the last three weeks of her ill
ness no medicine was given to Mrs.
Fleishman. Her removal to the head
quarters of ' the Dowieites i caused her
much suffering in the weakened condition
she was then in and she steadily grew
worse. .
On Saturday Mrs. Fleishman died and
her body was removed to the undertaker's
in the ordinary course of events. On Sun
day, two young sons of ' Fleishman, who
had also been staying: at the Simmons
residence with their- - mother, failed to
come home and it was found, that they
were being held until the money, amount
ing to about $100, had been paid. Fleish
man quickly paid this sum and" the boys
were returned home.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Feb. 18.-Demand-
Ing. money, In payment for services ren
dered, in the offering of. prayers and thtn
holding a dead woman's children as host
aees to secure the debt is the charge made
agralnst Vancouver faith healer followers
of I>r. Alex Dowie. Two days ago Mrs.
Isaac Fleishman, wife of a prominent
Hebrew resident of this city, died, after
suffering for some time \ with cancer.
Three weeks before her demise she was
removed, to the residence-, of Elder Slm
mons, who is in charge of the Dowle com
munity here. ' It was. agreed between
Fleishman and the Dowieites that he
snould pay $15 a week for- her room and
$70 for a fortnight's prayers in her behaif.
Fleishman did this at .the earnest entreaty
of his sick wife, as she believed in faith
cures. - • ...
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Isaac Fleishman Dies of Cancer
After ' Undergoing Treat
ment hy the Faith
• / Curists. •
Vancouver Dowieites Hold
Two Children to Secure
Payment.
DEMAND COIN
FOR PRAYERS
ThLK SAN FKAJSUISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1901.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 18.-j;w:, W arhur
tpn ¦ was arraigned in the Superior Court
here"' v thi.V- rnorhlng.: The Information
charpln^ him with the killing, of Matthew
Rellly last month was read. to him and at
ibe-.requm of.hls counsel he was allowed
one week In which. to plead." It is .believed
the case will scon be brought, to trlar
¦;¦¦'¦;.•¦• ¦¦•' • ' . '¦•¦-.'. ¦ y • •. - .
Warburton* 'Arraigned^
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
11
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot
" Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Pally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
L\\ Fan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 3:00 p 4:10 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:» d
"- Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ........
" Fresno .. t:20 p J:J3 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:M p 3:27 p 7:06 a,
" Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:17 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . «:50p B:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City .2:41a- 7:30 a
•' Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for mornin*. » p for afternoon, "
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited
Carrying Palace- Sleeping O*rs and Dlnln.-
Cara through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
(lrct class 'passengers. No second rla.ti
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at (:55 p.m, dally.
4:20 p. ra. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 d. m. Is the Overland Express, wl'h
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers an*!
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palac*
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:» a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points tn San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Perry
Depot. San Francisco: 111S Broadway. Oajc-
I»m1. , :
CHICAGO I
¦ in LESS iha n ¦
THREE DAYS
¦ ' ¦' ¦ - t -
Sao Francisco At 1U Am m.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-lVestern Line
¦ TROUBLE Dravmg-T{oom SUtping
I J Cars, Buffet, * making ar.d Library \
A-S Cars, xoithbarbir. Dicing Cars— ,
msals a /» carte. Vail? Tourist Car !
Service and Personally .Conducted Ex-
cursions every vceek from San Francisco
a: 6 p.m. The bts! of everything.
R. If. HITCH IB
617 Mark it if. General Agent Paelfle COcut
' . JPjlace Hotel SAX TBAXCIsCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vkm S«usollt» F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
> AND 3AX RAFAEL. f
WEEK DA YS-«:S5. «5:1J. 11:00 a. m.. »l:4J.
3.15. 4 :0O. C:15. "fi^S. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For ¦ Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Monday*. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. tn. -
SUNDAVS-»S:C0. «10:00. »ll:30 a. ra.. 1.1S.
2:15.- *4:45. «:J0. 8:00 p. «• •-
• -Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN. RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-i:M. •«:»>. ife, S:30 a m
•K:J0.-l:43.'«3:S0. 4:S0.-J:» pw a.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:*0 p. m.
¦ SUNDAYS— «:2». *8:Cft. 10:00. *U:U a. m.
•1:40, »2:15. 4:45. *«:30.p.. m.
Trains marked t*» start from. San Quentin
FROM MILL VA1X.EY.TO SaN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45. 7:55. 0:JO k. m
12:25. 2:10, S:30. 4:54. 6:3> p. ra.
liXTRA TRIPS* on Mondays. Wednesdays
n:d Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— $:«, 10:CJ a. m.. 1J:O5.. J:U, 3M
J:tO, C:4i p. m. ¦ < ¦
THROUGH TRAINS.
i:53 a. m. week days— Caxadero and -way
stations. •-¦¦ ¦"¦¦¦- ¦ ¦ - .. .:
:-: 1 :4S ,,- p, m. '¦¦¦ Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations. . , ¦
*:01 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
statlcr.s. - . -
ROOMS AND jiOARD^
AT the old Stevegson rrnnsion. opp. Grace
Church, with annex M7 t'alirornla st,. may
l>e found a most exceptionally gt>od table, at-
tractive and *igrht!y roorr.0 at.modegt rates.
J tLEGAXTLY & newly furnished »unny apart-
j ments. with or without board; cuisine; unex-
I celled. UC3H Broadway, cor. Kth St.. Oak-
land. top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBiySOX.Prop.
GERMAN ramlly would like to iret two gentle-
men for room and board: nice sunny front
rocms. 1123 Howard st. '
LEAVEN'WORTH. 1005— Large sunny parlor;
alto other rooms; all conveniences: excellent
board. ,
ROOMS with board, bath. gas. 118. $20: private
family; grntlcrncn only. 1104 McAllister st.
i ROOMS and boord; pric«s reasonable. 415
i First st.
IIOOMS WAX TED. _^
MARRIED couple, no children, desiro 2 or 3
sunny roomy, furnished for light h" u se-
j keeping: must ftate prU* nn^ particulars.
I Address A. .1. SMITH. 33C Hyde «t.
j ¦ ' / SPKCIAI^XOTICES.
*' LADIES^Cfck : hestfr.'En>:l!f!i Pennyroyal Pills
1 are the best; safe, reliable: take no other,
j Fend 4e f tamps for particulars; Relief for
I Ladies" in l«-tt»r by return mail; at arug-
itiEta. Chlchr«ter Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
lOro GALLON? rpr>- old port and rherry wine:
reduced fro:n $2 to Jl rcr B*»on for one week
only. Johannesburg Wine Vaults, 51. Cali-
fornia »t. ¦
B*I> tenanf elreted for tt: collectlnns mader
, B c«r or crur.try. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
IIS Mcritcfmiry ft. rooms. 9-10: tel. fosa.
ggWHtO MACHINES A>D SUPPLIES.
f ALrTklridTibo^sht. sold and repairing guaran-
I toed. Char!*? Plambeek. 1913 Mlstlon. nr.!5th.
! >LL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phene Black 1124. 205 4th.
| FOUGHT, eold. rented, repaired; needlM and
\ ehuttl**: reduced rates. »rv6th: phene Mint 1
STOrtAGC AND \V AJ». EnOl'SES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Povell sta.; tel. Main Sil3.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. J40 Mis-
sion «t.: tel. Mint 1S21. F. XV. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 723 Mission St.;
; tel. Main 1S40: fhlpring »t cut rates.
j TUISSES.
I MAXtFA-R; elastic workings, shculder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge, 503 Kearny.
TYPEWniTERai AXD 7j
OREAT~BARGArNVTN TTPEWRITERS— VTe
eell better machines for less money than any
houre In the city: rentals. 13. The Typewriter
j Exchange. 5:6 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No. SS (twenty-
flve cents per share) of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable at the
©trice of the compar.v. 327 Market St., on and
after 1Vednr.«=day. February 20. 13C1. Trans-
fer books will close en Thursday, February
14. 190L at 3 o'clrck p. m.
K. H. SRELPON'. Secretary.
! niOI'OsALS.
j PROPOSAI^S fcr ShlrtiTiK Flannel— Depot Quar-
] tennafter's Office, 26 New Montgom»n' St..
I San Francisco. «"al., r'ebruary 16. 1301 — Sealed
J propoyalfi. in tripli<rate. will be re<-eived at
• this office until 10 o'clock a. m. Saturday, I
j March :. UflL Pacific Standard Time, and then I
i «.penfd. fnr furnifhine rfl.GOO yards dark blue j
j shirting flannel, subject to SO prr t-er.t in- j
| crease. if desired hy this department. Prefer-
| enre will be given to articles of domestic
production arri manufacture, conditions of
'price and quality being equal ilncludlnK in
trm price of foreign production and manufac-
I ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be civeri to article* of .American produc-
J tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
1 «'oast. to t'n<» extent of the consumption re-
j «;uired. by the public ser\-lce there. The
j Vnited States reserves the rleht to accept or
I reject any or all rropoffals or any part there-
| cf. Informaticn and blanks for proposals
I will t^ furnlshM on appllcatioa. Envelopes
containing propceals will be Indorsed "Pro-
I>r)!--alF No. I.-.S.V and addressed to Major
OSCAR F. LOKO, Quartermaater. U. B. Vols..
I L^epot Quartermaster.
I SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.. January 22, 1901.— I
f Sealed propoMls, In triplicate, will be re- ¦¦
j celved here until 11 o'clock a. m.. February .
' 21. 1901. and then opened, for construction of
a building fcr chapel and reading-room at
the Presidio cf San Francisco, Cal. Govern- ;
rnent reserves right to reject cr accept any j
er all bids In whole or in part. Preference :
frlven to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (Including in
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) beirs equal, and ¦ such preference
given to articles of American production pro- I
duced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of con- !
sumption required by the public service there. !
Information furnished on application to j"
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
crsl. Chief Q. M.
| MABKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were iFsued
yesterday:
I J.^n^Ta^g: Va]lej °' and "I*""
Raymond Hieueres. K. 37 Austin avenue
1 ST* A i a r !e l *i*™. X. Peabody street and
I Sunnydale avenue
I A****. Perr - V - 21. 1«9 Sacramento street.
and Sarah A. Denis. 2L 1433 Sacramento street
j Charles Rensser. 22, Guernevllle. and Anna
t Kanz. 21, citv.
Phil-p c Meyer. 2S. 23^2 California Etreet.
and j ia y Hvman, 22, 2214 Jackson iitreet.
John H. Vizdoz. 41, 264«i Clementina street,
and Lizzie Sralal. S2. S13A Vallejo street.
P.obert H. Ohea. 2.i, 479 Haye« street, and
He:*n Walsh. 21. 1715 Polk ptreet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES — DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and. death notices sent by
j mail Will not l>e inserted. They must be handed
I in at either of the publication of Sees and ba
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
' BORN.
ROPS_rn this city. February 12. 1901. to the
wlfo of E. L. rtosg. a «on. > •
MARRIED.
BENTZEN-STACKER-In this city. February
15. isoi. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Henry
Kentz^n and Christine Stacker.
HOLLENSTEINER-GERNNS-In this city,
f-bruary 14. 1V1, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Ernest HoUfnnrtner and Frieda Gernns.
x^ L spN-FISCHER-In this city, February
H l&oL by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
First English Lutheran Church. Anton Nel-
son and Lena Fischer, both of San Francisco.
P.ORKE— MATTHIESON-In this city. Febru-
fjy 1i j, 1s * 1 « bv Rev. J. M. Buebler. WJI-
Ilam Rnrke and Birdie Matthleson.
DIED.
Allen. Nicholas J McClogkey. Thos. J.
£ 8€r> «? oll i n McKail, Jkmes
i! JfJ«o B S f^v^ e McKanna. Robert
ri^f/' r> Mlc! i1. 1 J ' Mu »'ea'n. Peter
R.z I^^h John Neumann. Maud R.
rord it" 1 Oke11 - Charles H.
aS^ A %-» sag?: ga L1 " le
Hinz. Julia E. A. PmHh camuei A
Jmnsaen. Leontine C. b5«,. Clara L
f U «J*; »J nr y Thelss. Elnore L.
J^v ># r^.^. Thomae. Prudence E.
Lenk. Caroline Tochey. Clalr
Levy, ffinle Walsh. Frank B.
Lilly. Katharine XVoitt. Ilarrls^
McCarthy. Timothy^ * llarrl8
ALLEN— In this city. February IS, uoi vi c hft-
las J.. dearly beloved son of John and *Kat£
«rine Allen, and loving brother of Annie F
Allen. Mrs. S. D. Hounsell. Mra. T. M Harrl
and the late Rev. J. W. Allen, a native of
Etfn Francisco.
CTXotice of funeral hereafter.
BISSINGER— On Sunday, February 17 1901
Adolph. beloved husband of Minnie His B |n-
ger, and brother of Samuel and lsldor Blssln-
ger. a native of Bavaria, aged $1 years 4
months and 3 days.
ETThe funeral will talci* place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from hi« late
residence, 1918 Jackson, street, thence by
special train at 11 o'clock from Third and
Townsend streets to Home of . Peace Ceme-
tery.
BISSINGER— On Sunday. February 17. 19C1.
Minnie Btssinger, beloved wife of Adolph Dls-
singer. daughter of Mary and the late Henry
Oppenhelmer.-and sister of Emll, Harry, Al-
bert and Edward Oppenhelmcr and Mri. Sid-
ney Pfeiffer of San Antonio. Texas, a native
of San Francisco, aged 34 years 6 months anj
23 days. - • • •
CTThe funer*i will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 191S Jackson street, thence by
Fj*cial train at -11 o'clock from. Third and
Townsend etrects to Home of Peace Ceme-
tery.
BOSSO — In this city, February 17, 19C1,
Ktephcn, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
IVjhso, and father of RoEle and Thumas
U'.kso, a native of Turin. Italy, aged 41
year?.
COl.LTER-In Mills. Nev.. Clinton R. Coulter,
beloved husband of Bsrtha Coulter, a native
of MIddletown. Cblo. aged 17 years'
Oko\vl»-:t— In Mayfieid. Santa Clara County
CaL, February J7. 19C1. Michael J., beloved
aon of Patrick and Hannah Crowley. and
brother Of William and Charles Crowley. a
native cf Lowell, Maes., aged 27 years 11
months and 11 days. • v-» .V
\i-J Frlo-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'c'.c-ck, from the parlors
3 10 Day <
\ Feast... x
* Breakfasti- g, (
i Dining and C
Supping your r
y way across
the Continent \
f ojithe * r
J CALIFORNIA \
\ LIMITED ; J
, of the Santa Fe _ 2
S makes tho " V
y journey a \
N pleasure and |
/ not a trial. V
•OCTMRHil r*t'iriu tOMPAJT.
- - (r Aotno smn.)
Tl mtomm !•»»• nml mm> 4>o •• »rrt*« •«
max rii.4.N«:iM«-<>.
w (Main Una. Footot Uuket Stmi) .
IXatb — Fb-om Jajoart L 13C1. — A*arra
7i«O* BerJda, Suisun, Elmln. Ta<aTtD«k
Burstey sod Baenoenia Ti43r
*:BOa DmU, Woodlaod. Knighti Liadlnf.
Marf MUla. Orof Bta. 7t-aSr
TiSO* Atlantis KiprsM— Ogdm. aad K*«» ' lStlSr
S:UU a M»xUiiox. Sau lt».uoo. V Ulejo, K »r*.
Callitoia»aa.S»nt* Cos* ttlSr
8:00a Nilei, Ll»ermore. Tacy. Laifcrofc
Stockton T»13r
¦iSOA SbMZA I xt»r*»- DkiU. W!U2*m» (tat
BsruJtt Sprta k -»). WlUow^ &O. -
* " Blufl. PortUud. 7i43r
¦iS»a San . Jos«. LUermore. Atockkm, A
lone. a»cT*iii(jii«o. PlaevniQe*
M«r>»i!llH. Chioo. KbJ llliitf 4it3r
(»»*•»» O»«>l»:r, CMn«e.«inora,C»rt«r»_. <il»r
I f»itMt« Um»w»rJ«. Niir«»od W»j 6uuiou». llltS*
W:U« j La* Anffeles Express — M*rtUni.
Tracy, Litiirap, Stockton. Merced
Fresno »ud Lcs Anjales 7il>P
Bi3O& Vull^ii-. Uartlues «i>4 \V»f flUitant Bl43r
ItsStti Ths Oterlmnd IJ.«ii«l-Ogcl«a. I>»n-
v«r, Oiu^iv Cbica^'Y... ........... - V*ft*y
1I:OOa KUvs, Stockton, Hacrsmento, M»n>
dot*. Frtsao. Haotord, VinUa,
rortM'UIa 4>l>f
1 1 iOOa Li»ermnre. Banger. Goshen Jan»
tion. B*ker»l5*lALo« Aneelrt..... *'
tlt<IOp3»erkiaeiitol(l<atSU«inWB f s >***
it:oor Hsjwwd.% Nilts and Way 8t»tloo». Oi »5?
ftivnrMutlnwc. Hati lUmon, Vallejo,
> Nan*. C»!L''»«i. S*»t»Kct» lilS*
4i«Or BaolcU. Winter*. MkOTawmtak
WomlitiM). Ki.i*!.U I^odbig.
M.r,«»l!l-. OtotUis !•«*»»
"liSOpHsjwirds. linos awl San Jot*...,.. t*'«A
S:OO r Niiei. Lirermore. Stocktna. Lodi ... l«iU»
,.:OOrbuo.«t limited. El Puo. Kew
Ot!e»n« *nd K^»t- «1«i13a
9<OOrTh» Owl United— Tr»«y. Tttmua.
tUkeraflcld. Ha-ij-u for d*ut» U»r-
b»ra, Lcs An«t-!es. I«ll9i
fliOflpN«» Orleaoi Eipreu-IUkmltalt).
Hiuite lt»rli*r». I«» An »•!«•¦ l>ew«
Inc. El l'»JO. .H«* Otleaui «a4
Eul 7i«<»»
BsOOr n»r"»rd». Mil*! iiilNtu Jot» "« » r *«
JBiOOr V»lleju Ill4l4
OiO»r Oriental Mall-Ojlea. Chejenne.
Oina!m, C!i!c«g^... ia»15r
BjOOp Oriental Mail— Ogdeo. DenTor.
Um>b». CbioMO «•!»»
?iOOr OrcKDti sad CalUnruU RxpreM.Hao-
ruiiieiitii. M»r)irllle. Itwlilirif, *
IVrtlnml. I'nfat HtMii.d krU Kail »i«»
HiM.irSan Piblo. r«>i CoaU. Martlaas
»,. 1 W»» HUUoua 1 i 1 1'2*
]«!(»»? Vnll>).> 7t43»
COAST IMT1SIO1 (Narrow <.'a«;e).
(Foot of lUtktt .Stratt)
Uouliln Creek. Sau t» Orux ¦ ml Way
riUtim.(i ••»•#
tSiISp Newark, Centeif Ilia. Bait Jr -t\ N«w
AlnuilflD. k'eltbii. ItnuMitr t're«k.
Santa i'mi and l'lloelpaj Way
st*tio.ui ti;»»«»
4>ISp Newark. Han Jo», Loa (Utoe 8i»4*a
a9:30p Hunter*' Excursion. San Jos* aod
WayflUUoni t«i»»»
CREEK. ROUTE FERRY.
frmSlI fRtXClSCO— r.il .f »ari.t SU..KSU? ») —
tt:ll »:» ' U:<KSa.m. 1:30 S:W IrlSom.
From OaltUad— Foot of Broadway.— tt fS \t:%
10-.t0a.ni. U M 1:00 4:00p.m.
COAST IIITISIO^ (IIro».l(Uatf).
(Tiilnl *nd Townwwl St».>
{4:10a Ooeaii VUw. 8oiitt> .1»u Kiauclwxi.. t*> : "»*
7iOU4 ftaii Jom au.l War NUUuns {Stw
AI»i»«Ieu We4iM»d»i«""lT) ••»•»
••••a KuJum. Ti«b 1'hKW. Sh»»« Crnx.
P«eii> tiruT*. !'*«•> U..l>:«-». Mai*
Lull Ol>iK|>««. Hnrf, Lomp«o and
Trliiefral War Slati.ma ¦«»!•»
|is4Oi Baa J.»e and W»y HkaUoua Z'S*
¦ ItSO* H«i Jo«. «...l W»y MUtloiia ........ •«»•»
i-J<4»r Sau JUtro. Uedwood, Menlo Fatk.,
ralo Alto. JjanU Clara. >Uu Joa«,
Tre» Pines, 8auU Oi»«. Ballnaa,
Mouterer aw! I'aeJflo Gruf« HJ«!I«4
fS*X»r Baa Joae and Way Stations "¦*"?
UJl »r 8eSjSea...l Ptlniil^l Wa, StaUo«« »«43a
tsloor 3»a Joeo. hot Gatoai aad Priiudpal
WajSUUoDi ?2?5*
S>30r San Jos* au.i Principal Wsy SUUons *****
•:a»p8».»J«»eaud W.y Stations ?S't't
AforMoraiu,. V tM V^S^imim
tHnnd»y«ieept«d. X8wi4a»««(r.
t Mond»r». Wedae»daji, Fr!d»y».
c Tundays, Thursdajs. Sandaj*.
«5lKtuT4avonly.
CALIFORNIA NOBTBW-ESTEBN RT. Ca
SAH FRANCISCO AND HORTB PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon F«rry. Foot of Marfcet S*.
Kan Francisco to San Rafnet.
TIBURON FERRT-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:Jf>. »:00. U:C0 a. n».; 12:34. >:».
5:10. S:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trlD at 11:10
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 and
11:30- p. m.
SL'NDAYS-8:0Oi 9^ U:«0 a. ip.; l'.Jfc 3A
fi:0O, «:» pl rja.
t>an Katuol to San Francisco.
WEEK DAY8-S:U>. 7:5a 9:Z», U:» a, m.; 13:fi.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Satuxiays-Extro. trips at 1:35
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDATS— S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. J:«t
5:0». «:S p. m.
, Between tian. Francisco and Scbaets«a Park.
«wne schedule as above. ' ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv*
San Francisco. |Xov. 7.. 130O.I Saa Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Saa- I W««k
Days. [ days. [ Destination. i days. [ Days.
7:30 ara S:Waai[ Novato. 10:«ara SMOsmc
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma.- «:C3 pm 10:25 ara
t:10pm S:CO pm, 1 Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm l:ttpm
• - . Fulton.
7:30 am . Windsor. 10:23 in
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservlllev
8:30 pm 8 :C0 am ' Cloverdale. 7:33 pm (:3 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland I T~
I 8;0O am| and Ulciah. | 7:35 pm| <:23 pm
7:30 ara ' 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pmt ¦ «:t3 pm
7:30 am S:CO am Sonoma 3:15 am 8:40 am
and '
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. t:05 pm t-22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:10 am 10:15 am
3:30 pm[ &:00 pm; Sebastopol. f 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Pj.rinr? and White Sulphar Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Sprinsa: at
(xcyservllle far Skaggs Springs: at Cloveriils
fur the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs.- Soda Bay. Lakeport and BartUit
r*VrtnES; «t Ckiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
i'prlngs. Klue Lakes, Laurel Del) Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
JoLn Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. BuckntU's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvlll*. Orr'a Hot Springs,
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Weatport. UsaL
Wllletts. Laytonville. Cummings. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rousd-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday", round-trip tickets to- all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. &0 Market st.. Chronicle build-
ing. R- X. RYA>\
H. C WHITING. Gen. Pa*s. Ast.
G«r>. -Manager. m
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
¦ . Va Saanlito Ferry— Foot of Uuket St.
4:«K>p. m.) Stay over nlshtaUheTAV tier I0:%.».»i.
<*i)a.si.1 f lK»r.M.
1 1 :» A. X. [ • SO X> A * 3 4 4,^ r „
1:10 r. m. ) I &•» p. m.
' . • 1 we. Sao FrancHc" to Smunl: and Return. Jl.vO.
Tic»ct Office*. 4j-_'l Market at., & Satuallto Kerry.
/^& Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jflU^f^Jra *>--^ UE.IB5Y ST. Establtshi-d
»8«J#tVQ\iii 1S3-4 for the treatment if l*rrvmtn
5« JLJ^,*jBi I>i-w:«»r*. Unt UunWiid. IVblllty or
S»?t«rsjfKi 1 1 '. -fit %¦• w e:t rtn tr i>n Ixxlyanil niliniancl
JHSMHrS«skiii DlaeMSes. Tlie I>ootorcurcswii»ii
' j_fct5HPHflJ nfnrri '""• lrv hlm - •'harges low.
r^S*a&i-2S''" pri * cuoninlrrd. Call or wr: to.
tr. JT. X'. UlUiSOA, sail Francisco, Cai. _
R1.AL KSTATE COUNTRY— For SnJe
K •"CTC3K-CF"— Peatflar circumstances causes
owner U sacrifice; Just think of it. enly $60
;ier ai(> fcr "• " acres adjctntnit city llnUs;
r.ow in bis demand and easily sala'./e in
unal. traris at S2'A and over pw acre; or — I
rs it If first-class, highly cultivated, level j
loam, all in rrop— it's r.iaklnp of v.>ry cheap, j
jrofitaVle anJ lovely home ranch; take my
¦Avfcx, don'! hf-s!late. but make ?10.000 by
j-jreha^inp iIiIf; f-ary terms if doslred.
Jtern<*rr.t>er. I am accurately acquainted
t !'.h more country property for s.ile Bnd n-
cbasce th-.r> all other ag?r.ts in S. r.: 3C0O
rsTicf-.f" no my list: state what's wanted and
eft rplinb'.p <1<»wript!ons of liarpsjn!.
N. I«. FUXKIM. trw.Land Agent. 6 Geary.
FaH>: for tale at publ'.<- auction March J. 1301—
Half tn'.Ie Scnorna : 37 eores in orchard and
vlnfj-art!: furnished house 11 rooms, I-storjr;
b*m <0xCCr horses, wuronp. poultry, farming
¦.Riivlerr.cr.ts: sal* on r'e"il«« at I p. m.
FRANK CIirXJNI. Sonoma. ¦
M. GF.IFFIN. TlslTarhpTTrtrs. 1i !: ppHs ar.fl
ncrta&CH rity and country realty: printed
Uf.f. Por.cma. Fanta <~\r.™ nn<1_cth«r rcuntles.
"•A'niTn 3. W. HOFN. Si: Main. Prtaluma. for 1
Tr*» now wf f<v-rr-!* re <-»pt «»«trt« b»rg^:n». <
MII.I, VALLKV HF.AL KSTA'1'13. ';
CHOICE inprovf.) ai-! uniirrrrovftd residence
property fcr »!<>: tanUhtA and unfurnished
hnus-s to rent. B. H. KO3ERTS. Real
r?ta-" nnd Ir.^rarre. I
ItEALTY TO EXCHANGE.
\\"E have the tessett '.lst^f improved and un-
improved citv ar.d farm property located In
all tiarts irf nrfted t-tates to exchange. Call'
and •«><• us. HKRI'-EKT A- «'O.. room 710 Em-
ma Frrerk"!? building. <<Z7 Market et.
Ilameda advertisements.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
VKRT special banrains: foreclosure propertlee;
irenu'.r.e snaps; enough Raid, .as I do net be- ,
lleve la extended ads. J. A. REMMEU Bay '
Station. Alameda. !
BEAUTIFUL modern i-ottaee, 6 rooms; lot 5!>x j
i:<: choir* location; ftable. etc.: a, Facriflce;
<-a^y tenr.s. A, G, UURNS. 1501 Park St.,
A'.arr.eda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEKKELEY REAL ESTATE.
jKOCi — t ROOMS and t,ath. bam. chlckca house, j
yard, fruit trees; street sewered and macad-
amized; 1 block to cars; on sunny side cf
street; lot <0xl20; worth KOOO; this offer for
S days; only t2M cash, balance 116 r<*r menth. j
TV. C. MORAN. ; I
Him JM' >V 5-room cottare. large lot; on
eunr.y tide cf street; all sewered; 2 blocks
to cars: this Is a HHJ>: Jl^O down, balance J
J:5 per month; cheaper than rer.-.lRR aad own
your own home. VS*. C. M' »P.AN. Lcrsa sta-
tion, Berkeley. _____^___
I MOUE sold 1«5T week; we are buftdiiiK houses
the people like- tatty. up-t.T-date. substantial
er.d the prtce* risht; terrr.s arraneed to suit.
If you want a good home rh«>ap. in. fine lo-
cation. trrA on ><""jr own ternis, do not fail
to call and in?pe<~t plans and houses. H. D.
IRWIN. Lrrir. Ftatior,.
jj2f,n COZY c^ttare 4 rooms, hath. hlRh bate>-
m»nt; on car line and «Mos* to station; lot j
4rtxl3"-- a jr.ap; tlOO cash ar.d easy monthly
rarTr.e^:? H. D. PtWPg. Lonn Btatlon. j
SZZG— FT5R th<» finest buiiding site on Gro\"e rt..
near University ave. j
JIKO— 5r<-toot let en Bar.croft way, east cf rail- j
road; a Fnap. '¦ j
JlStXT-€o-foot let en Walnut st. for ccly $1300; i
street work all done. i
A BAHOAIV. •
IS 1 ?"©— Lively home in th« Scenic Park, near i
coSlege. MAY & MORTIMER.
.FoTr.erly O. O. May A- Co.^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS, j
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY. ;
!
OAKLAM) lir.Kl. ESTATE.
ICr* <""AS!I. t7 monthly. 4-ro»m cottage; good
»•*!! of *rs'* > »r. pmaJl barn, chicken shed and .
run: 3 fl:i»- lets. TixiriO. picket fenced: excel- !
ler.t sell: charming view; best olimate: near!
1*0 *>rtric car line*; SO-fo<>t boulevard and '
tn"d"l srhoolhoufe: 4i«ey from cold winds j
and f"-*p; M families liave Irn-aletl here nlthln 1
J yeart; pric*. all toM. SKSh Call or send j
for cirrtilar. iZT> Seventh Ft.. Broadway sta- \
lion, Oakland, arrfaft f ree# jj JONES,
<>wn*r.
K<^R br.rsains In Il^rkel«y or Oakland proper-
ty set- It. J. YOSTGO3JERT. ram 3, fourth
floor. Mil'.s l-uilding, San Francisco, cr 467
Nlrth rt.. Oakland.
OAKUM) FCHMTritE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furr.irure df-slw. 11th and Franklin Oakland.
—^™^ — ~-^ ™—^—^ — .— — — —^— —• m t
ROOMS FOR BOl'SEKCEPUG.
ELLIP. 414—3 r.!cel>- furr.lslied rooms for house-
kf+ping.
GRO\*E, 104 — Sunny front room with kitchen;
r.ewly fuml?h»^5; oth^r rooms. '•
JACKSON, B3B, near Mason-Furnished Runny! i
frcr.t. larce housekpc rooms. $S; single, $4. I
LIBERTY. 123. near Valencia— Five or six i
large." fcan<1fi<->ra»ly furnished rooms, complete 1
i<-,r h<-uc^k<^pir.g; gss etove. ptano. phone;
quiet, r'.^a^ant furrouniiiaes; convenient to
cars; nery d'tirablp. I
ircr»KP.MOTT r!a«. 1. off Jonea. bet. Eddy i
bxA Turk— S furaishea 'room* for housekeepg.
OAK. 21— Sunry corner suite: cas range an'i
fire prate; one block from Market.
OTAREELL. SSS— 3 or 4 nicely furnished
hocsekeepinr nxin»; gas; bath; reasonable.
SECOND. ri2— Well furnished for housek^ep-
lnr; <juiet, r.eat. dean and respectable; rea- J
ecnable.
FIXTH. 156— Sunny rocras for light housekeep- I
ing-; also room for gentleman.
ROOMS TO LET I'ofa. and Cnfnrn.
ARGTLK. The (just finished). McAlHrter «
opp. City Hall Park— Select parties with refl
erences are respectfully invlfi to inspfK-t
above premises; sunny suites, with or wlth-
cnt bath*: alsr> single rooms; electric lifrM-
elevator all night: stearn healed: finest read-
inr-roora In the city on lower floor: liveried !
callboys in attendance ; «>very room tasty and i
*leirantly furnished: mMerate prices; rooms
shown in the evening.
A— BRUNSWICK House, us gixth— Rooms J5c
to Jl per night; tX 2j to Js i»t week, and light
houselreeping: open all nSjrht.
AHLB^RN HOTEL, 321 Grant a%-e.— Best dollar
a dar fam'Jjr hotel In city: polite attendance;
large rocms: modern convenience*; rooins 50e
up: fSmtt-r-lass meals 25c; free coach.
ERAKKAX, 45S, near Third— 3 or 4 rooms; also
eultabi* for office; rent 913.
BRTANT. 6C7— J5 monthly; front furnished
roon In pleasant American family.
BURNETT. 1<2« Market (old No. ISM)— Fur-
nished nas.. suites, tingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. £T0 CThe Elk)— Changed hands: nicely
• furn. sunny rms.. elnrle. en rulte, newly reno-
vated; all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
IILLIE, <24— Large newly furolsked tunny
room. $12; also others, SB.
FILBERT. c:4— A front runny alcove room;
_ also E'.rijle. v
FOURTH. 14»— Newly fcroirhed sunny rooms
from ts us to t!2 per month.
" r Kl L I° N "'.. !: ?r LerK * furnished double room;
bath; suitable tor 2 gentlemen.
ror !. t ' anri T «»m. suitable for
t eentlerr.en, board optional: g'.ngle rm.; prtv.
°^^ Y^J^ j»'aya.rrcr-Eleirantly furnished
ras, eattes or «m«le; travelers accommodated.
"SonfyW 0^,.^ "-^~^°°r front
JONES. 611— Newly furnished rooms for re~«i
or.ly. . • ; 7-~^-y
LARKIN. 707. r.r. Ellis-Newly furnished eunny
. front room: rent S6 month: private family
MARKET 1K5. bet. Cth and Tth-Nlce sunny
furnished roorat; gents preferred: transient.
MINNA. ««7. corner Eighth— Newly furn!*hoJ
bay-window room; Jl per week; transient.
NETV ARLINGTON. 1015 Market *t.-Nlce!y
fureiEhed rooms, 13 a week up; 25c a day up.
CFARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished room* and
cfr.c<s: elevator: clec. lights; day, wk.. mo.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis-Incandescent light;
readlnr-rocm. smoklsg-rocm and ladles' par-
lor; roomt, r>er r.lcht. £Se to Jl 50: week. I* to
ti: month. $% to $30: elevator on irround floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
F.OSEDALE House. I13-2T1 Ellis rt.— RoomiC
night. 25c to «; week. 1125 to |4: open night.
SHERMAN- Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
near M»rk<t -Furnished or unfurnlohed.
FCITH cf sunny ror^ns with al! modern crm-
venler.ee; also wlnple rooms: new house; pri-
v»f famll;-. &xo pine pt.. near Taylor.
FT'TTER. ro',— Changed handT; newly reno-
v«ted: etnglc; rooms. $<: yuitc». J1J to jr; m\
VALENCIA. K2!— Chanr«d hanot; n»w1y fur-
ni^hed sunny bay-irindow WBttrj other room-.
CLABSIFIED adverUsemertu «a<l subscription*
receirtd tt Call branch ofCce. TJOO FUmore »L •
SCHNETZ — In this city/ February 16 1901 Jo-
seph Schnetz. beloved husband of Katherlne
Schnetz, and . father of Joseph and • the late
Olsa E. Schnets..a native of- Baden. Ger-
many, aged 60 years and 12 days. A mem-
ber of Keystone Lodge No. - 2107. K. of H..
and Sigel Helm No. 7, U. A. O.D. * -
(Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend- the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 29 Bemlce street, between Twelfth and
Thirteenth.' Folsom and Harrison, thence to
"Druids' Hall, 413 Sutler street, where services
will be held under the auspices of Slgel Heim
No. 7. U. A. O. D, Interment Odd Fellows'
.Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SMITH— In this city. February- 18, 1901, Samuel
A. Smith, . beloved husband of Anna W -
Smith, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged
65 years., . ¦
STOREY-In this city. February 17. 1901. Clara
Elizabeth, beloved wife of James B. Storey,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. Poppe and
sister of John, Carl, Christina and Edward
i'oppe. a native of San Fraricisco. ' .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock sharp, from her
late residence. 215 Perry Btreet; between
Fourth and. Fifth. Cremation strictly pri-
vate, Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
THEISS-In OakJand. February 18. 1901 El-
nora Louisa, beloved daughter- of John George
and Lena Thelss. a native of Oakland, ased
2 years 5 months and IS days
. CTFriends and acquaintances- are" respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2. o'clock, at the
family residence, 1027 Magnolia street Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery
THOMAS-In this city, February 17 mi Pru-
dence E. .Thomas, beloved mother of Thomas
Thomas and Mrs. Mary Schofield, and grand-
mother of Mrs. Annie E. Long wnilarn A
Miles E. and Maude Schofleld.' a naU™e of
A^ B Jl?i , a * ed - 95 y* rs on <l 2 months.
p-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inv ted- to attend" the funeral this da v
(Tuesday), at 2 o clock from the parlors of
. Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interme-.t
Masonic Cemetery. . Please omit flowers.
TOOHEY— In this city, February' 17. 1931 Clalr
daughter of John and the late Mary Toohey
a native of San Francisco, aged 11 years and
' months.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from her late res?-
dence, 341 Fourth- street, thence to St. Pat-
rick B Church for services at 10:30 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALSH— In San Rafael, February 17 1901
.Frank S. Walsh, beloved husband of ' MarV
Walsh, and father of Robert E. and Lettll
Walsh and the late Mrs. L. Conners a na-
tive of Dublin. Ireland, aged 62 years 1
month and 11 days. * r 1
. and accualntances are respoct-
?vc&,l nv i t ' < \ to , atte £? the to-morrSw
(-« ednesdav), ¦ f rom hie late residence, thence
to St. Raphael's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be said for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
1 " th » s <-"y. February 17.' 1901. Harris
) \v " b f 1 ? v . e J 1 hUBban <l of Betsey Wolff, and
father of Isldor and William Wolff. Mrs M.
Samuels and Mrs. Rosie Wolff, a native of
Poland, aged 84 years and 1 month.'
CTFrlends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from his late re»l-
dOTce 43 Fulton street, and thence by 11:30
o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery for in-
terment. . .
V0Jr i k Co - 1239 Market street, between
frif,™ an^ Ninth, thence to St. Teresa's
h«^«K w l h " e a solemn requiem mass will
mt^l"' the repose of his soul, com-
"ary CemVte - l0Ck -. Interment Moun > c^'
"jota'Sf. 1 "." 1 '!: city. February 17, 1D01, Rev.
Sn?nl^.»i > , be L 0ved Ilu »band of Margaret
dSwS ffan^ i/ 8ther - of John .and- Robert
Ola« ff ow « ff 8 ' 7- B - Eastman, a native of
. and"" day^ tland - ° Eed 64 > >ear8 » »«tha
fu^^fvUod ?n d * c 1" aln tance 8 are respect-
(Tuesd^v! «, ? * l^ end the this day
list Churl'h V 2 ,/ Clock; from th e First Bap-
Lea ven*£«h E^ d^ 8treet - between Jones and
£oa\en*orth. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
F SSrii Il Uk!SM It3r i: F « bruar y 1? . 13W. Adolph.
M?s i ..F°^ D ie,^a r na- f
fuUy'fel'it'ed 8 * nd ,, a H"alntan m are respect-
lan^ a"ed X a 'yea?? F ° rd> a native of Ire '
a nafn.» £ 1 ?* 11 and w «H»m Gerken.
J ebruao 21. at 1 o'clock^ from the parlors if
GIRARD— In this city. Februarv 17 19M tt mct
Gl'r'a 2T 6 * ?i rar , d -
Glrard and the late Mrs. E. G. La1u« and
K?« i fat H er « ot . L " clen - Baptlste, Lucle/ Be" -
tran* and Marie Ortet. a native of Swltzer-
1 , 84 years and * months.
. G^rrr'^nas and acaualntances are resr>ec"t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
j. b. ooaeau, 30a Montgomery avenue.
HAXSEX-In this city. February 18. 1901
Julia, beloved wife sot the late John Ole
Hansen. and mother of Mrs. Belle Xoland
Luke Hansen and the late Mrs. H. C Ras-
musf-en a native of Baden Baden, Germany,
ased C4 years.
} HINZ-In this city.. February 18, isoi. Julia
K. A. Hinz. a native of San Frapclsco.
JANSSEX— In Oakland. February 17, 1901
Leontine C. U; widow of Ernst Janssen, and
beloved mother of Mrs. A. E. Pirrle.. Mrs.
fU!iH l*?? e -T Mr ?;. H ' J ' Kat2e nb^h and
Leontine C. L., Mlna, Carl and Edward
Janysen.' a native of Bremenhaven, Germany
ag-ed 6S years 8 months and 29 days. '
# fp" p ? rle 1 nds an( l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
this day (Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1S71 Summit street. Oakland.
Interment private.
JVNG-In this city. February 18, 1901. Henry
Jung, dearly beloved Infant son of Jacob
and Margraretha Junsr, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 4 months.
6-^ Friends and acaualntances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 3911 Twenty-fourth street, be-
, tween Sanchez and Xoe. Interment Mount
, Olivet Cemetery.
LEDDT— In this city. • February IS. 1901. Mary
Leddy. a native of County Cavan. Ireland,
ared S6 years.
LENK-In this city, February IS. 1901. Caro-
line Lenk, a native of Hanover. Germany
aged SI years 5 months and 10 days. .
lE7"Remains at the parlors of H. F Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
LEVY— In Port Towr.send. February 14 1S01
Jennie, beloved wife of Mark E. Levy, daugh-
ter of A. .Newman, and sister of Mrs. P.
Nathan. Mrs. Ben Bearwald, Isldor, Nathan,
Alfred and Sam Newman and the late Mrs.
Simon Wolf. , a native of California, aged 25
years.
E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 9:45 o'clock, at the residence of Mrs. P.
Nathan. 84S McAllister Etreet. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
LILLY— In this city. February IS, 1901. Kath-
erine Lilly cnee Loriitan). beloved wife of
Thomas Lilly of steamship Coptic, devoted
mother of Eugene R and George. F. Lilly.
daushtfr of IJ. W. and the late Mary E.
i I^oriKan. and sister of Mrs. v Thomas D. E.
Wil«on and Mary F., Nellie T., Frank B.
and Matthias C. Lorigan, a native of Chi-
cago, 111., aged 39 years and 5 days. (Chi-
cago ropers please copy.)
CTTFuneral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 3
o'clock, from the residence. 8801 ¦ Mission
street, comer of West avenue, thence to St.
Pauls Church, corner Twenty-ninth and
Churrh streets, where a requiem high mass
¦win be celPbrated for the repose of her soul.
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McCARTHY-In the City and County Hospital,
February IS. 1301. Timothy McCarthy, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged €6 years.
McCLOSKET— In this city. February IS. 1901.
Thomas J.. -beloved son of Catherine Ford
and ire late John McCloskey, etsrson of-
Thomas Ford, nephew of. Pat McCloskt-y, and
! trnther of Etella. Mary. Pat. John and Ellen
McCloskey and James and Anna Ford, a na-
tive of County Longford. Ireland.
McKAIL-In East Oakland, February IS, 1901,
James McKail. beloved father of Mrs. Annie
K. White and Nathaniel and James McKail.
a'native of England, aged SO years 1 month
and 14 days.
McKANNA— In this city. February 17. 1901.
Robert, beloved husband of Martha Jane Mc-
Kanna. and father of Jane. Robert. Lydla,
Cyrifis, Clltus and John McKanna, & native
of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 63 years.
(CTTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors cf the United Un-
dertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MASTICK— In Alameda. February 17. 1901. Ed-
win Balrd Mastick, aged 76 years 10 months
arid 25 days.
CCXTrlends and acquaintances are respect- ]
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at his
late residence. S21 Pacific avenue (Mastick
station). Alameda. . ..
MOELLAR— In this city. February 17. 1501. A.
Moellar. a native of Germany, aged 59- years.
C7" Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
MULLIGAN— In this city, February 16, 1901.
Peter, beloved husband . of Elizabeth Mulli-
gan, a native of County Monachan, Ireland,
aged 66 years 2 months and 2 days. (Leaven-
worth. Kans., papers please copy.) • .
(C7'Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1621 Hyde street, thence tr> St. Brlgld's
Church, where a solemn high mass will be ,
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
NEUMANN— In this city. February 17. 1901,
Maud R.. beloved daughter of R. and Matilda
Neumann, and sister of Edward Neumann,
a native of Sacramento. Cal., aged 20 years
10 months and 10 days. (Sacramento, Cal.,
papers please copy.)
tTTriends and acquaiatances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of th«» California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
OKELL— In this city. February 17. 1301,
Charles H., dearly b«love<l husband of Mabel
C. Okell. and father of Herbert, Hazel, Har-
old. Hildred and Owlet Okell, a native of
• Rhode Island, aged 47 years 1 month and 6
days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from H Fourth
street, under the auspices of the Veteran Vol-
. unteer Firemen. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
MEMBERS Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso- '
elation will -assemble at headquarters, 24
Fourth street, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1
o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, C. H. Okellr Per order
S. BUNNER, President.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Sec.
RAPP— In th»s city. February 17. 1901, Mrs.
Lizzie Rapp. beloved wife of 'William A.
Rapp, and daughter of George Zimmerman,
and sister of George. Charles. Fred and Mag-
gie Zimmerman pnd Mrs. AUIe Fljte, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 9 months
-and- 2 days. •¦ f. -' ¦ ,-
IC7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tlfls day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
Metzler' s parlors. 6S8 Washington street. In-
Laurel Hill Cemetery- v
RILET— In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary IS. 1901, Kate Rlley, a native of Kan-
eap, aged 25 years.
RUTHERFORr>-In Oakland. February 18, 1901.
at &G6 Milton street, John G.. husband of
Sarah Rutherford, father of » Alice and Sally
Rutherford, and eon of Janet and the late
Joseph Rutherford, a native of New York,
aged 23 years and 3 months. A member or
Pacific Lodge No. 7, A. O. U. W.. and Court
United States of America No. S« of the Order
of Foresters, and foreman of No. 6 Engine
Company of tho Oakland Fire Department. ,
HENRY j. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan *' Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. "
! FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMERS.
20 Fifth, st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, ,
27 and FlfUi st. TeL South 187. .¦:'-:
IUMESAL DISECT0R3 AND EMBALMER5. -
Finest Equipment ati Moderats Rates. -,
> ..
CREMATION^
O(fd Fellows' Cemsilery Assocatioa,
SAN FRAXCISCO. CAL. , i
The charge for cremation to church members j
and members ol organizations having presiding
ottictrs and secretaries - and their families is ,
$30. All others $35. .' Expensive coffins and "or-
naments arc seldom used. *. A ; niche : In the Co-
lumbarian Is a monument and - saves the - cost
of a lot and Its care and stone work, tend for
circular. '..-"• - ¦ , ' ¦}-'. • .: .. ¦•
.' GEORGE R. FLETCHKR. Manager.CARTOONIST OF THE CALL REVELS IN SCENES ATTENDANT UPON THE CELEBRATION OF THE CHINESE
NEW YEAR, WHtCH BEGAN YESTERDAY, AND IS MARKED BY EAR-SPLITTING MUSIC. FEASTING AND
REVELRY BOTH NIGHT AND DAY. - .*
THREE LEADING WOMEN* OF THE WHIST SECTION OF THE CALIFORNIA CLUB AND A VIEW OF THE MA
PLE ROOM IN THE PALACE HOTEL DURING THE BIG CARD PARTY WHICH WAS GIVEN THERE LAST
NIGHT. " " .
Entertainment Under the
"Auspices of League of
the Cros3.
Tho performance of the farce "Hayes
Valley High School Graduation Exercises"
by the members of Company D, League of
the Cross Cadets, at Native Sons' Hall
last .night was a clever- thing, -and the
•"boys and girls" deserve a great deal' of
credit. . From' the opening address, by the
"principal," to the. presentation- of diplo
; mas. by the "superintendent of schools,"
the .audience was convulsed with'laugh
ter, and voiced its appreciation in numer
ous encores.
Those who took part are' J. Fitzgerald,
James .O'Donnell, Frank McCarthy, D.
Smith, C. ¦ Pinkham, George Chase, H.
Kavanagh.' J. ,E. McCormick, I. D. Dwyer,
G. Svetenichand J. E. Cornyn.
In the. skit "Quo Vadis Up to Date" F.
Gllson . as-'Ursub showed himself a really
clever comeaianl'and J. E. McCorraick as
Marcus^Vinitlus did a nice bit of comedy.
CADETS PRESENT
CLEVER FARCE
was forhldden. Even the lily bulbs and
the "sugarcane, could • not be sold on the
streets, and the pigtail people were dis
consolate. This year they were accorded
every privilege and great preparation3
were. made. But the rain spoiled all the
first-day plans, and except for the array
of lanterns and the closed stores no evi
dences of a celebration were apparent.
The first day of the Chinese New Year
Li spent bv the Mongolians In visiting one
another. Women as well as men partici
pate. While a Chinese may appear on the
street at any other season greasy and
ragged, . he always reserves one suit of
good clothes for this occasion, ajid the
throng of Celestials takes on an appear
ance of brightness and prosperity. Women
and children are particularly attractive.
Arrayed in the most costly silks of the
most fantastic colors, they pass to and
fro on the thoroughfares, furnishlne a
scene Orientally spectacular. . Yesterday
there was nothing of this sort, and many
white people who visited Chinatown were
badly disappointed..
The spirit of the celebration was not
broken, however, in the homes and joss
houses. The sound of drums and tom
toms- greeted the ear and feasts- were In
progress during the day. The festivities
will continue during the week, but th«
business houses will reopen ¦ after three
days.
NEARLY one thousand players gathered round the
card tables In the Maple and Marble halls of the
Palace Hotel last evening to take part In the great
progressive whist and euchre tournament given by the
whist section of the California Club. The affair was a
tremendous success. The ladies handled the immense crowd
easily, and there was not a solitary hitch in all the evening's
entertainment.
The whist players outnumbered the devotees of euchre, but
the euchreltes made up in merriment during* the progress of
their game for the numbers they lacked. [ In the whist room
all was silence and concentration, and the ladles of the whist
fection called especial attention to this fact, citing it as proof
positive In establishing the scientific status of the game.
At 6:S0 o'clock the players were seated, and at .10:30 the
cards .were gathered up and the scorers began to add up the
players' points. While th5$ Important work was going on
there was music and some dancing. Not many of the play
ers, however, felt Inclined for the fascinating waltz, but hung
around admiring the handsome prizes and waiting for the
awards to be announced. As the names of the prize-winners
¦were called off from the stage there was applause and haarty
greetings- for those who played so nobly and so well.
George -E. Bates distributed the prizes and managed the
tames. He was assisted in his arduous" duties by Henry
Payot, John Hanify, Philip Blankenship and J. H. Harbour.
The ladies on the reception committee were:
lira* George Law Smith. Mrs. John Rum. Mrs. Paris Kllburn.
¦ Miss Bertha M. KJckoft. Mrs. Grace Roberts Moore. MIbs Mary G.
Gorham. Mrs- Had wen fcwain. Miss Katherlne M. Ball, Mrs. 'Arthur
W. Cornwall and Dr. Dorothea. Moore, assisted by Mrs. John Center,
Mrs. Morris. Newton, Mrs. John Schroeder. Mrs. D. J. Murphy, Mrs.
Sarah Reamer. Mrs. J. C. Campbell. Mrs. George E. Bates, Mrs. Rob
ert White Mn. Cleon Kllburn. Mrs. . James: Spear. Mrs. E. A. Blod-
Sett. Mrs. John Hoyt, Mrs. H. T; Lally, Mrs. J. G. Scovllle and Mrs.
A. M. Burns.
The euchre tables were In charge. of the- following ladies:
Mr*. John Schroeder. Mrs. Barnett.-Mrs. C. H. Lindley. Mrs. Hoyt.
Mrs. J. C. Campbell, Mis-- Booth. Mrs. Dickinson, Mrs. McCroesslne,
Mrs. lZ'Aa. tiexion end Mrs. Robert White.
Scorers— Julia Man, Mary Meisick. Helen Wright.* Alice Chlpman,
Apses SaSIw. Muriel Wemple. Maud Blarkman, Mabel Toy..HaJlle
Moultin, Edith Henrlci. Bessie Taylor. Julia Reed. Josephine L'.ndley
71' f<\ Hutching*. Lillian Stone. Aluette Edwards. Laura Taylor.
Jjmxa Katon, Lu'lli Hester, Isabel Berkroaier. Florence Hayes,
Dolores Wllklr.s. Gall Converse, Ethel Berkmaler, Stella Hayes, Hat
tie Currier, Claire Converse. Mabel Ayer. Ella Morgan, . Florence
Ewin*. Lue!!a William e. Maria Marlburg. Olive Verotln. Jessie
Ewing. Kuth Gedney, Troy Bauer. Edith Manning, Edith Nelson, Liz
zie Wainri^ht. Ella Thall. Nettie Forbes.
The whistrocm was In charge of the following:
Mrs. G. E. Bates. Mr*. E. A. Blodgit. Mrs. R. Kendrick. Mrs.,M.
JCewton. Mr?. Aylett Cotton, Mrs. S. V. Mooney. Mrs. Sarah Reamer.
Mrs. John Hantts'. Mrs. G. Center^.nd Mrs. J. T. Block.
Scorere: Laura l_K-n*cn. Miss »ieatj\ Ruby Session?. Marie I>euer
nend. Lora Clark. Emily Coy. Clara Durbrow. Jennie Long. Grace
V.'ool, Hess'e Efcy, Clarisge Eby, Florence Bally, Nettle Yala, Enid
Yale, Eleanor Coxe. Mabel Coxe, Clara Sharp. Ethel McKay. Alleen
Hay. Eelle Van Winkle. Sarah Van Winkle. Edith M-eeabe. Mabel
Ounn. Tottie Jeseup. Bersie Bates. 1Wf!p Calender. Stella Scott. Mlla
L*Jley. Veronica Kennedy. L>alEy Burns. Bernice Sco\-llle. Mlt.8 Col
wn. Ray Houvey, Gertrude Campbell, Margaret Halley. Miss Bergan,
Susie Hawthorn. Emily nth, Alleea Towle, Lcla Wenzelburgcr, Helen
La\is, Kate Ktaf"k. Ethel Clark.
The following is a list of those who ' won the cucher
P- -'-es:
Mrs. Frank Cclbun. M Us Mabel Craft. Mrs. P>rr» Tiffany, Mr*.
uMinr. Mr. Crowe!!. Mrs. Hurlbutt and Miss Grace Haight. Booby
ct-: Mrs. L. M. Ames. H. It. Mann. W. n. Wheeler. Mies
erty. A. Durbrow. Mrs. Dow and Mrs. M. A. Cachot.
The fcJlotrins is a list of the whist prize winners, to
gether v.-lth- their scores:
Firet prlzes-MiFB Crowley. 1,10; William Bird. IOC; M:cs S. N. Wll-
California Club's Big Card
Party at the Palace Hotel
Is an Immense Success
Berkeley Professor Lectures*.
Dr. W. A. Setchell. professor of botany
at the. University of California, delivered
an interesting lecture on "Botanical Im
pressions of the Hawaiian Islands" before
a large audience at the Academy of-Sci
ences building iafit Light. The lecture was
illustrated bv stere-.pticon views from
photographs taken l.y Trofessor Setchell
in hfs recent trip through the Hawaiian
group. Entertaining; descriptions of the
l««o;>le arti sccntry were also given.
Injured ¦ by Car of Belt 'Line,
¦ Jce Soto was , run over on Lombard
street ty,' a freight -car of the belt line
last night and suffered a compound frac
ture of. both his; legs. .The accident oc
cured shortly after midnight and the In
jured man was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital.,-He is apparently, about- 35 years of
age. It is supposed he 'was ; sleeping en
the. track. C _- " : ¦„•- _••_ -, ;¦•»-• •, . ¦
Congregational. Club Banquet.
3 The Congregational Club, of ¦ San Fran
cisco held Its regular quarterly meeting
last evening at tile California Hotel. The
members of tho club assembled at 5:33
o'clock and sat down to a sumptuousdln
ner. ; They were addressed ; by the Rev.
Charles A. Dickinson of Boston. .Mass..
on "The Institutibnal^Church: What It
Is." At the close of the -Rev.' Mr. Dlckin-'
son's' remarks thnre was an open discus
sion on.the subject. which was led by DK
George C Adams. Over fifty members of
Ford AppsaTs In Court.
::.:rvin Ford, tfee traveling man who
knocked down and robbed I^ee Leong of a
fcas of gold on the street a few days ago.
was arraigned before Jud£<» Conlan yes
terday and instructed as to his rights. He
eras represented by Attorney Lee D. WJn
drem. By conspnt the cases were contin
ued till to-morrow to be sot.
It :s eaid that the Chinese Six Compa
nies has rnrjaged e*-Judc<» Majulrc -to
specially prosecute the case.. L«-Lcohg.
P'ord's victim. In Fti!l In a serious conai
lizn. Judge Conlan instructed Assistant
Ii'.jlrict Attorney Wcl'cr to decide v u
which charge* Ford should % be. tried, as
robbery covered assault to murder.
-¦Eagles».NiglitSSSag
-A Jolly'tlme '» at--the :TlvoH.. to-night ':
Tickets .73; and DO cents; .' Some-good- seats
left • at : 50 cents. 'Apply at i the - box-office
Come. - Everybody in town will be there •
McXenzie \ Need Not" Pay, Costs.
The • United Stated, Circuit . Court- of -Ap
peals made an order 'yesterday annulling
the order heretofore/ issued requiring Al
exander McKenzie to pay the co^ts of the
contempt proceedings against him. in two
of , the; Nome mining cases. 'In, annulling
the previous order the court says: "As it
Is possible that, the .imposition of costs
may be considered :a tine, which in con
tempt proceedings cannot be lawfully- im
posed with.! imprisonment, the Judgment la
set aside."-' .;.¦'.<•:.:¦ -a ¦.¦•-¦.¦; , • ?•,-.;• - ., •- >r x
Differences Among Members
Over the Innovation Gauses
a Quite-Spirited Discussion
Seccn<lprizM-J. II. Harbour, 104; Miss Lackay, 104: Beverly
I^trher, 102; Mrs. JohnGoldsmith, 98;. Mrs. J. Mathleu 98- . J w
Hoyt. SS; J., Storey. -94. . • - - v '. .- .....,>-. '. ' ,"
-• Thirds prizes— Mr*. iW.-.J. Mitchell,.: 100; t,. D' Crale 97- G P
Blanlcenshlp. $7; C. H. Howard. 97; Mrs. Gegus «S8" Lieutenant Vii°
wards. S4; Miss Ockender. 92; Miss Ida N. I^wls, SI.
Fourth prizes-Mrs. Hlgjrlns, 97;' Arthur Inkerslcy. 95; "Mrs. Jaek-
Booby prlzos—Cha rlr s:\Vaener. 23; D. Milllken, 12 3 C Crooks
Crick" C? UrtlS> €4:Mi!S Mc ?.0'* a n. «: »«» Evans,;^9; -.Rodney S
son, 105; James Brown, 103; Mrs. Turner, 98; Miss Chlpman,:S8; S. I*
ALL on account of the great whist and euchre games
played out at the Palace Hotel last evening, there is
a rift in the usually harmonious atmosphere of the
California Club. It is nothing very serious and cer
tainly not beyond the possibility of being patched up.
Still it has caused no end of controversy and entertaining: gos
"slp among the club members.. ¦ ,
The trouble began to brew just three weeks ago, when the
ladles-, of > the whist section decided to give a great whist and
euchre tournament for the benefit of ; the- club. Immediately
upon the announcement being made a : large number of. -club
members discovered that they were personally, opposed to card
playing and that It, was not proper to lend the name of the'
California Club in support of a card'game.'cven a benefit one.
A board meeting, : however, finally settled the matter, so It
was thought, and the. .whist section set out with right good will
to raise $1000.
There is an unwritten law in the California Club which de
crees that when the board decides in a matter, all members,
no matter what their personal opinion, must accept the de
cision. Therefore, like all good club members, the ladies
of the dissenting vote .took their grievance, home and spoke no
more of ft within the sacred club precinct. •• .'
Then all went smoothly -and quietly until a •week ago, when
the club women discovered another thing, that the ladles of th©
whist-, section . were soliciting prizes for the great game: And
oh what a terrible howl went up! Soliciting donations of any
kind was decided to be in direct violation of. the constitution
of the California Club, and Mrs. E.. P. Schell.' chairman of the
tournament committee, was summoned before the board to
explain matters. ; But there 'was little explanation to^make,
other than that the lady and her assistants were doing splen
did work and that.they, were confident -the game was going to
te a great success. As for the soliciting of donations. It was
too late to speak, still-less *tg i act, for the donations were all
In. And so the matter Was, perforce, dropped.
Mrs. Schell when asked to -discuss the rift her section had
caused in the club circle declared it was all bosh and non
sense and that everybody was satisfied.
. "Of course," said Mrs. Schell, "some.of tho club members
were opposed to a card game. Some women" do not' approve
of cards. But when the board decided it was right that we
should have , it. "that put an end to the matter. As for the
soliciting. of donations, we consider it perfectly right and
proper. The California* Club ¦ has done , much for the public
and it is only fair in return that the public assist the Cali
fornia Club."
All the whist section was present at the great game last
evening. However,- many club members were absent, but then
the night was damp and dlsagTeable and that might account
for much. •
The grand Mardl Gras carnival of joy
will take place at the Mark Hopkins In
stitute to-night, and from present indica
tions this annual event will be a more
brilliant success this year than on 'any
previous occasion. Tickets have been sold
in . large numbers and the attendance Is
expected to tax the capacity of the build
ing.
Guests are expected to arrive after 8
o'clock and the grand march will- start
promptly at 9. Arrangements were made
yesterday, in consideration for those-vis
itors that attend from Oakland, to enabl..
them to catch a late boat, home. without
missing the feast that is expected to con
tribute no small share of the evening's
enjoyment. With this end in view orders
were given that those who so desire can
have their supper served at 11 o'clock.
This will give the people ample time who
live across the bay to partake of refresh
ments before leaving for their homes. ¦
Everybody will unmask at midnight and
all will then adjourn to the supper tables.
Handsome menu cards. have been printed
in gay colors and-it. is. expected, that they
will be much in demand for souvenirs. .
The electric Illumination - scheme was
tested last evening and found: to work
•without a hitch. When the lights were
turned on they i presented a beautiful ap
pearance, showing every conceivable color
and shedding a soft and mellow light on
the scene. .. . ¦ *
There will be no restriction In regard to
the'hour of closing the festivities, .and 'it
is expected that it will be nearly, .daylight
before the gay throng has departed for
home. , " -• ,'¦ '• f
Director Fletcher of the Mardl Gras car
nival last evening that every detail
had been accomplished to make the affair
a great success; that a large number ot
tickets had been sold, and that only one
box was still, undisposed of. He expects
to sell this one before " the ' orchestra
strikes up the grand march this evening;
King of Folly Will Marshal
'His Court for a Night ,
of Revelry.
WHILE the Christian farmers
were "offering, up prayers of
thanksgiving as the clouds
dropped their watery store
yesterday there were 20.000
heathen lips muttering .imprecations on
the God of Storm. The population, of
Chinatown, decked in gorgeous raiments
and new slippers, had prepared to cele
brate the new year that had Just dawned.
All the. luster of the first day of festivi
ties was washed off and the elements gave
the Celestials naught but disappointment
and gloom. It was visitors' day, but few
could venture - on the streets. Those
who did found .their dainty garments as
sailed by the rain and their way impeded
by pools of mud and water.
Last year it was the polled that brought
sorrow" instead of joy. to the hearts of the
Mongolians at atime set apart for glad
ness. Because the highbinders had been
naughty and killed a man or two restric
tions calculated to make them remorse
ful and repentant were placed upon them.
The use of fireworks, always necessary
for the success of any undertaking,* be
cause they open tho ears of the idols.
PRINCE CARNIVAL
AT CITY'S GATE
Shortly after 8 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing a 3 special rolled Into Oakland mole
carrying the three men who were Injured
in the wreck of the eastbound overland
train near Mill City, Nev., farly Sunday
morning. George Abbey, the engineer of
the -ill-fated .train, and James C' Cavin,
a. mail clerk, were brought to this city,
but Charles A.Schuyler, the. other in
jured mail clerk, was taken to his home,
1562 Market street, ¦ Oakland. Abbey's
home Is in Wads worth, Nev. His wife and
daughter came down with him. .
'In the afternoon about 4 o'clock tho
bodies of Mr. and-*Mrs. Adolph Bissinger
reached San Francisco in charge of James
Schartzschleld of Reno, who has been
employed by Bissinger as a buyer for sev
eral years, and who left for the scene of
the accident the moment -he heard that
his employer was among the victims.
..A few hours before the accident, Bls
singer wrote two letters. It is presumed
by .his ¦ relatives that they were to his
children. The arrival through the mails of
"tho messages from the dead," as the
missives are now called, is being anxious
ly awaited. The letters were'- posted
somewhere along the road.
Miss Elsie Bissinger, the 16-year-old
daughter of Mr. Bissinger, who was on
the train at the time of the accident, ar
rived-yesterday morning on the- train
bearing the wounded. She received only
slight bruises, but is suffering from the
terrible shock that she sustained. She
no doubt owes her life to the fact that,
when she was retiring on the night before
the accident she reiused to' sleep with
her head to the engine. Calling the por
ter of the car she ordered him to reverse
the pillows and bedding in the drawing
room and she slept witn her feet toward
the locomotive. When the crash came
she was stunned for a period and pinioned
in her bed by. broken timber. Sne tried
to release herself. The lights were out
and the gas was escaping, rendering the
air stifling. • •
'Iwo men passed the car and the suffer
ing'girl appealed to them for assistance,
but they were bent on saving themselves
and heeded not her cries. These two
men did not see where they were going
and fell into the water below.
- Miss Bissinger at last, with a supreme
effort, released herself and crawled along
the aisle of the damaged car into the next
compartment. Blankets . were thrown
around her and she was made as com
fortable as possible. Although almost
broken down with grief at the loss of her
parents, Miss Bissinger refused to remain
quiet, and, with the assistance of others
in the train, tore up the sheets of the
Pullman sleeper and assisted the wound
ed by binding up their Injuries. Those
who were on the train say the girl dis
played great heroism.
The bodies of Adolph Bissinger and his
wife were removed to their late residence,
1918 Jackson street. The double funeral
will take place to-morrow morning, the
interment to be in San Mateo.
The remains of Clinton R. Coulter also
arrived on the afternoon ¦ jtrain. They
were taken to his late residence, 133J
Pago street- His young wife is pros
trated from the terrible bereavement. No
arrangement have yet been made in ref
erence to Coulter's funeral.
/ J. C; Cavin, the injured mall clerk,
was convoyed to his home. 1030 Valencia
street.' Cavin has several severe, cuts
about his head and his body is badly
bruised. -His head being bandaged, he
can talk tmly with great difficulty, and
yesterday afternoon he had not fully re
covered from the shock, so was unable
to give a detailed account • of the acci
dent. How severely he is hurt is not yet
known, but late last night the Injured
man was resting easily. This Is Cavin's
second ¦ railroad I accident on an east
bound overland in Nevade. ' About ten
years ago he was in an accident near
the same spot, and then fortunately es
caped "with two broken ribs.
George Abbey, the engineer of the
train, was taken to the Railroad Hos
pital. He received several burns from
escaping steam and had his right foot
crushed. As is usual with the railroad
company in all such cases, the moment
that Abbey was insldo the hospital walls
he was placed in a private room, and
word was' ' given "out by the hospital
attaches that he was too sick to see any
of the members of the press and had
expressed a desire not to be disturbed.
Master of Transportation Richardson
stated yesterday afternoon that, a tem
porary track was being laid around the
spot where the accident had occurred,
ami that all overlands would be able to
pass over It by" midnigh't.
MISS BISSrNGEH'S EXPERIENCE.
One of the I Wreck Victims Tells of
Her Escape From Death.
OAKLAND, Feb. 18.-Miss Elsie Bis
singer, ¦ when she stepped off the train
that brought her from Nevada, was sup
ported on' either side by Mr. and Mrs.
Greenebaum of the Hotel Richelieu, who
had gone up the road to meet the be
reaved young woman. * Having lost, all
her personal effects and- clothing, ¦ Miss
Bissinger was compelled to appear in
apparel loaned her by friends. She was
taken to her appartment3 in the Hotel
Richelieu.
"It seemed that but a few minutes be
fore the "crash camo - 1 \ was enjoying 1 a
conversation ..with my relatives and fel
low passengers." said Miss . *Bissinser.
"but, of course. It was hours after I
retired when the. accident occurred.
¦ "I was" awakened suddenly by a vio
lent >concussion. It was pitch dark: I
could not see a thing. I knew that some
thing dreadful had occurred. There wa3
something ominous about the surround
ings. ; The first thing • I thought of was
my. father and mother. - They < had oc
cupied the '¦¦ berth just beneath me; Not
a sound came from them, and then a
horrible sensation came over- me. I
knew they must be dead. "
"Aftefthls feeling: had passed away in
a measure I thought of saving myself.
Butwhen I tiled to" draw my limbs up I
found I could not do so. ' They were pin
ioned under a portion of the debris. ; I, lay
there for some moments, : with : increasing
terror. Then, strangely enough, I was
suddenly released. I- think it, must have
beenthe se.ttlins.of the car into its final
resting .place that to»k the pressure off
my limbs. •
VAfter.findlnR myself free I started to
crawl, out of the. car. It was some mo
ments before I- could '.; find 'an -opening.
Finally, one presented itself In 'a place
where. the roof of, the car had been torn
off. I succeeded, in gettinpr , through it
without much 'difficulty. : The people In
th© other." cars t hen • took care of , me and
I was made as comfortable as possible. •;.
"I am sure I would have met | the same
fate-as my father and mother but for one
thing. ¦ When : I retired ; 1 -s rested \ with my
head in the opposite direction from that in
¦which the- frain was moving. ; It .seems
that .it Is "customary: to -sleeps with the
heart In'the same direction as the train is
going. . ' My relatives : slept ' that way. po
that .when the concussion', came ' ¦ their
heads were .dashed' against the berth
stanchions. ¦y^M^aw>^B3toi*WjaMiWjBwM|
"The scene after the accident v/ag awful
Thft cars were piled. upon one another and 1
everywhere r t hero were • !ar«re ¦- masses i of
debris.' "I -eoulcl not bear, to :lnok upon the
bodies i of the dead," of which 'I thought
there mierht have been a greatmany more
1 than 'rcDor ted."
Miss Bissinger Tells ol
; Awful Experience in
Disaster. ¦
NEW YEAR GAYETY IN CHINATOWN
IS DAMPENED BY THE DOWNPOUR
ONE THOUSAND PLAYERS STRIVE
FOR WHIST AND EUCHRE PRIZES
Bodies of the Dead
Also Reach This
wty. :
INJURED MEN
ALIVE FROM
WRECK SCENE
THE 6 A^T FRANCISCO CAL.I;, TUESDAY/ FEBRUARY 10, 1901-
12
AD VEKTISEMENTS.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
DR. HALL'S 8E!.VVIfi08ATOSgT3Bg
Five hundred reward for any B&k "ifcfiS
case we cannot cure. This secret WF eM
remedy stops all losses »n 24 hours. B M
cures Emissions, Impotency. Varl- IrgJ jvgl
coc*!* 1 . GonorrhOfa. tJleet. Fits. WM p^?n
Strictures. Lost JIanhcod and all \X^i Uiirf
wastlrs effects of «.-!f-abuse or pkft 1 V'^iri
excessfs. ?ent nealed. f: bottle: 3 wranuff.T^I
bottlM. $j? (fiwranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, S53
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 10T3ii
Market *t.. S-> F. All urlvate dlaeases QUlcltly
cured. Send for free book.
/com2\leas
\^^ Coffees
I Many J fcxtraCtS
%, V/lth M T% *
Xi^Towder
Great American IoportinE Tea Goj
62 Market St.
CITY STORES.
410 Grant Ave., bst. Pout and 6att»t
R61 Market St., opp. Powell.
I4O Sixth St. * 1419 Polk St.
U2Th!rr!St. 1919 Devlaadoro Su
14« Ninth St. 2008 FiUmaro St.
30O8,Sixtoenth St. S21 Montjomsry A*«
2.^20 Mission St. 32S3 Mission St.
702 Lsrkin St. 27S2 24th St. .
-055 Hayes St. 475 Hai&ht St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Wnahinttoa 8t 1237 Broadway,
1!M -i.'tpd Ave. 616 E. 12th St.
. |5|0 s even th 8t.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
> 6AN RAFAEL-BSt.. near Foarth.
VG Other Branch Stores.
Bailey's >€^?^
Pneumatic
Road Wagon
SOLD BY... '
• The 'thirty vcatV
vehicles in CaiHorttU br"iftS% v l^xV<(U? i:i
larg*e!y-incrra<kf«l hu»i\\**^. :
STUDEBAKtiit RROS Wk OX
On all the Pullman cars Jesse Moore "AA"
whiskey '.a to be had. I
&\ RRfiSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
V,!. i*» •?? «U»Nv>tmilOKA. GLEETS,
tvmvYt'tiiv* «i«l «n<«losv)ua complaints of th»
«fe R' iWS" t~ -.- v. ... -¦ :
DR.MCNDL1TL
n'ms wva^Kxoxry and nrtr \ni.E old
•IttM W*iM^f *. lU^S ?«, l^ ««••«¦« «>f JU'ji'w.
rn> ->.:.»;:> ;* : *»>,>< v«.« x* ¦»«•..»»»«. »«« r - i VV;~
P» HOSOOK JI<'Xt't.TY.3I.D.
SiQ RUPTURE CURED
\Skr.i£&&& -^aN Lv* tft,»>)«iuHt» tu»T« tot n rur» 1
Is^v, ' |^W wil.ivi«fth»A«. .«»erur-
X^.V> • J-'^rS* litwl^mfi'Ti lr» Ifcetcp.
•J^iiiit S->'' |<|> <^i. NnWPIIlilMSKXtTO*
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I- 8' A ¦ GKEAT RESTORATIVE. IN ViGOKA-
tor »nu N«rYln<>.
Tb« most wooderrnl aphrocllslse and Sp«+»l
Tonic, for th« Sexual Organs, for both *txr*-
The Mexican itemrJy tor IM*eas*.« o! t. s -«l<iJ-
B«T* «n«t HladJ«r. s.-iu en iSi own rr.tr.:*.
NAKER. ALTS A DnUNC A*«ot«.
K3 Uark*t »t.. S. F.— <S»nd tor Ctr._:»r- >