. . — <»- — — — .
west POIXT. N. T., Jan. 14.— The Con
gressional investigating committee, held
three sessions at the West Point Military
Academy to-day. The . first two sessions
and the greater part of the night session
were occupied In the examination . of
Lewis Brown Jr. of Newport, who was
one of Keller's seconds in his fight with
Booz.
From the line of examination adopted
by the committee, the Congressmen are
evidently bent oa the abolition of, hazing
and fighting ', a* the academy. They, put
Brown through an exhaustive examina
tion, in the course of which. they elicited
the fact that in violation of the rules and
regulations of the Institution, the upper
class men carry intoxicating iiquor into
the reservation and consume a considera
ble quantity of it. Another stringent rule
seems, to have been broken with impunity.
This I Is the; regulation prohibiting smok
ing. Cadet Brown acknowledged 'that 'the
majority, of \ the' cadets were cigarette
smokers, and that y plenty of cigarettes
were smuggled Into the institution. •••. '"-, . "¦
While Investigating; Hazing
Congressmen Learn That
Whisky and Cigar-'
ettes Are Used.
VIOLATION OF
RULES BY WEST
POINT CADETS
Bishop Potter recently told how he re
fused Croker's peace proposals. It was
not. known until to-day that Croker had
so far humbled himself as to seek, terms
from the Vicar of the Pro-Cathedral. The
incident' is related by one who knows
whereof he speaks. An emissary was sent
from the Democratic Club to Rev. Mr.
Paddock, who was assured that Croker
admired his force of character and was
willing, to 'assist- him: in his work; among
the East Side poor.' That they might
have an opportunity to discuss, tho matter
privately, Croker invited h!s "youn:?
friend" to ride with him.. Rev. Mr, Pad
dock Is not easily deceived >hy "Greeks
bringing gifts'." He dallied with his vis
itor until ! lie had communicated with
Eishop Fetter, then b« declined tfce Invi
tation.'
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— Richard Croker,
acknowledged leader of all-powerful Tam
many, after failing to mollify Bishop Pot
ter, made overtures for peace to Rev.
Robert L. Paddock, Vicar of the Pro-
Cathedral. Just before his departure
for Europe Croker sent an invita
tion ' to Rev. llr. ¦ Paddock to ride with
him. When the invitation was refused,
the Tammany chieftain caused the Tam
many anti-vice crusade to be started. ,
Failing to Mollify Bishop
Potter, Tammany's Chief
Tackles Rev. Mr.
Paddock.
OVERTURES FOR
PEACE MADE BY
DICK CROKER
NEELY IS
SUBJECT TO
EXTRADITION
SupremeGourtHands
Down Unanimous
Decision.
Declares Cuba Foreign Ter
ritory Now Held in
1 1 \Xv tt
Ruling That Causes Administration to
Expect to Be^ Upheld in Porto
Rico and Philippine Cases.
— »
FAVORABLE DECISION
EXPECTED IN PORTO RICO
AHD PHILIPPINE CASES
CAL.L. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.
Friends of the administration think
they see an incident of a favorable
decision from the Supreme Court
In the Porto Rico and Philippine
cases in this quotation from the
decision of the court rendered to
day in the Neely case:
"Apart from view that it is
not competent for the judiciary to
make any declaration upon, the
question of the length of time dur
ing which Cuba may be rightfully
occupied and' -controlled by, the
United States in order to effect its
pacification, it being Ithe function
of the political branch of the Gov
ernment to determine when such
occupation and control shall erase,
and therefore the claim that the
troops of the United States recog
nized the existence i'of an estab
lished government known as j the
republic of Cuba.Jbut^s now using
lls*mnitary -oif*^x«?cutive' pfew«-T^tu
displace or overthrow- it, is^ with
out merit."
It is reasoned that if the Su
preme Court considers the leng^
of time of occupation of Cuba may
be continued in order to effect its
pacification, a political question
with which the court has nothing
to do, the question of the length of
time the military occupation of the
Philippines can continue will also
be considered a political one, and
that It can continue Indefinitely as
far as the Supreme Court Is con
cerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.-The United
States Supreme Court to-day announced
Its'declsion in the case of C. W. F. Neely,
charged with embezzlement of the public
funds of Cuba while acting as financial
agent of the department of posts of that
Island, holding that Neely is subject to
extradition. ' ,
Justice Harlan handed down the court's
decision, which .was unanimous, and im
mediately after the decision was rendered
an order, was issued requiring that the
mandate In tho case be Issued. at once.
Entering then upon his reasoning in the
case, Justice Harlan said that there was
no dispute that on the 6th of June. 1900,
when the act under which this proceed
ing is brought became a law. Cuba was
"under the control of the United States"
and "occupied by this Government."
"The court,", he said, "will take judicial'
notice that such were at the date named
and are now the relations between this
country and Cuba. So that the applica
bility of .the above act to the present case
—and this is the first question to be ex
amined— depends upon the inquiry wheth
er, within Its meanine. Cuba Is .to be
deemed a foreign country. or territory. >
"We do not think this question 1 at all
difficult of solution if regard be had to
the avowed objects Intended to be accom
plished by the -war with Spain ' and by
the military occupation of that island.?
Announcing the ' court's ' conclusion on
the status of Cuba, Justice Harlan said:
"The facts above detailed make it clear
that Cuba is foreign territory within the
meaning of the act of June 6. 1900. ' It can
not be regarded in any constitutional, le
gal or international; sense apart of the
territory of the United States. While by
the act of April 25/ 1898, war was declared
between this V country ' and Spain, the
President was directed and empowered to
use our entire land and. naval forces, ; as
well as the militia of the several ' States,
to such extent as, was, necessary to carry
the act into effect, that authorization was
not ; . for ' the - purpose • of making : Cuba an
integral part of the United [ States; ¦ but
the purpose; only of compelling the reiin
quishment"; by s Spain of its and
the withdrawal of its 'forces , from- Cuba
and Cuban '.waters. The ; legislative, and
executive branches of the Government, oy
the Joint resolution of April 20, 1898, ex
pressly^disclaimed any purpose to exer- :
cise sovereignty, jurisdiction or .control
over ' Cuba, '. 'except . for ; the pacification
thereof,' and. asserts the 'determination of
the United -States," that objects being, ac
complished; to leave the government and
control -of < Cuba *-, to ' its ;- own L peoDle^-i All
that r has ¦ been done ; In -relation ? to <: Cuba
has • had that end : in view, and so ; far'; as
the : court; ia ; informed ' by; the .public f his
tory; of '; the' relations of this, country, with
that island < nothing , has be«n 'done iricon-
sistent, with ihe declared* object of -the
,war,- with"', Spain. .
TIENTSIN, Jan. 14.— The Russian troops
except 1000 men detailed to guard the le
gation of Russia' and the Tientsin and
Shanhalkwan guards are evacuating the
province of Chili and entraining for Kiao
chau, Manchuria. It Is reported they are
going, to Mukden.
- BERLIN, Jan.. 14.-Field Marshal Count
von .Waldersee, telegraphing from Peking
under.' date of January 13. says: "The
Pavel column returns January 14, having
ascertained at Kingching that the Chinese
troops 1 at Suanhus effected a timely re
treat."- -
CHRISTIAN BLINN BECOMES SANE
AND FINDS HIS PROPERTY GONE
BESPONSES ABE RECEIVED.
WASHINGTON, Jan.* 14.— Secretary Hay
was back at the State Department to-day
for the first time in a. week, and- although
able' to direct affairs he still shows signs
of the J'severe ' cold" he ¦ has had ; for some
time.:; Minlster/Wu called early and there
was a conference, iasting. a half-hour on
the Chinese situation. ...The i department
has -now 'received 1 responses from all the
PEKING, Jan. 14.— The protocol was
signed this morning, the idea of
protesting against any clause
. having -been abandoned. ' . t
Prince Chine has notified Senor de Colo
gan,' the 'Spanish Minister, who ¦ is " the
dean of -the - diplomatic, corps, that j the
agreement was'slgned yesterday morning,
but that he drd not .'expect to_b*o ¦ able ; to]
present It to the foreign envoys before
Wednesday, owing to the difficulty of ob
taining-the timperial: seal; which, he-as
serted, Is* in .the" forbidden' city and* pri
vate apartments of the Emperor, guarded
by, the" Emperor's most trusted servants.
He. said also that a personal order from
the Emperor 'would be required before,
those, who" have the seal in charge would
deliver It even to; Prince Ching.
' Russia' to-day began -turning over 1 the
railway to Germany. The. latter intends
to place the management of the line with
former employes ot the company; under
military supervision. Germany has re
quested' the station masters, engine driv
ers and mechanics who were formerly em
ployed ; to report- at; the German head
quarters, when they will be given their
old positions. - ¦¦•¦* • • •-
The Ministers have been .annoyed at
receiving messages from their respective
governments asserting ¦ that press dis
patches say the agreement was signed
Saturday, which' is officially 'denied. ...
The*deeds : bore j his name, but he could
nbt'remembex signing them.
a large income, but after his release from
the '; institution he. found he had none of
them! The property was In the name of
persons who v seemed strangers to him.
it. ¦'. He could not recollect anything that
had taken place In these years, but events
of his early life were readily rem<*mbered.
1 He '¦ had thirty- three pieces ', of property
before his illness, ¦ from which he derived
testified that during the three years he
was. in the asylum his mind was a blank.
His memory returned to him as suddenly
as It disappeared. He awoke one morn
ing to find . himself amid strangers and
strange/ surroundings. He inquired where
he was." When told ¦ he. was \ In a sani
tarium he asked to be allowed to go home,
as he feared his family would be worry
ing about him. It was a sudden awaken.
Ing from what seemed to him* a night's
sleep. When told he- had been In the
asylum .three years he ; could not realize
Suit Before the New York Supreme Court Reveals Story of
a Remarkable Recovery. t
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— What physicians
call: an almost miraculous recovery from
mental ; derangement after the sufferer
had been utterly oblivious to all his sur
roundings for three . years,' is Involved in
a suit now on trial in the 'Supreme Court
for property variously valued at $80,000
and $120,000. .
' Christian I Blinn is the plaintiff, : and It
Is' his recovery , from insanity that v in- ; is
volved. \ ; His suit^ is against, Mrs. i Julia
Schwartz for property: now held-by t her,
a ; deed to "which Mr." BI inn says he signed
at a time when he , did not know what he
was doing. Mr. Bllnn about ten years ago
was ¦ a : builder and contractor,' and ' was
Combes: at Flushing,'; L.; I^ ;^wherei heJref
malned for three years. Mr.lBUnni to-day
worth/ nearly . $750,000. ' v He was taken 111
with 'grip ; In ¦ 1889 and "was in • the" care of
Dip.' J. 'A. -"Williams, who 'In 1892 sent \hls
patient ; to the asylum - of '¦ Dr. ;! R. "*C." F.
TBANSOONTINENTAL
RAILWAY PLANNED
Grand Trunk and "Wisconsin Central
Lines the Moving Spirits In the
New Enterprise.
CHICAGO, Jan- M. — The Record tn
morrow will say: Another ocean to ocan
railway scheme is reportPd to be takine
form. It Involves two Chicago- line!*— thf*
Grand Trunk and the "Wisconsin Central,
the former being the father of the move
ment, and provides for the Grand Trunk'a
assumption of control of the "Wisconsin
Central.
This Is the route in mind: Portland.
Maine, to Chicago, Grand Trunk; Chicago
to Ashland. "Wls., "Wisconsin Central:
Ashland to Duluth, Northern Pacific, or^a .
new line: Duluth to "Winnipeg, line pro
posed by -a. syndicate headed by "William *
McKenzie, and "Winnipeg to Vancouver,
line projected by James Dunsmnir.
The Grand Trunk Is said to have Ions?
d wired to push Into, Manitoba In order to
offer competition to its powerful rival, the
Canadian Pacific. Negotiations for con
trol of the "Wisconsin Central. It Is as
serted, have been carried on for mnm
than three months. The^ \VTsconsfn
Central now has an entrance Into Duluth.
from Ashland, Its northern termlmi*.
over the Northern Pacific. If the trans
continental scheme is carried or.t a new
line eighty miles in length will Ijave to be
built, to connect Ashland with Duluth. ¦
There are strong indications that th*
Northern Pacific, the Great Northern and
the Canadian Pacific lines have antici
pated a transcontinental movement on th©
part of the Grand Trunk. McKenzie and
Dunsmuir. It is said that the Lake
Superior and Manitoba. Company, which
filed articles of Incorporation a short time
ago. was designed to keep the McKenzie
Dttluth- Winnipeg project from being car
rled out.
HTJEBICANE SWEEPS
ISI/AND OF MAURITIUS
Many Vessels I>riiren Ashore, Among
Th«m Being the Iraouaddy
and Muttra.
PORT LUIS, Island of Manrltlus, Jan.
14.— A hurricane swept over this island
January 12. and during the storm a num
ber of vessels were driven ashore. Araons
these was the French steamship Iraou
addy, from Marseilles December 10 for
Mauritius, which had a hole stove In her
bottom, and the British steamship Mut
tra. from Calcutta November 30 for Co
lombo and Mauritius. The others were
smaller craft. The damage inland was not
serious. ___^_—
FEOZEN BODIES ABE
FOUND IN THE SNOW
Terrible Hardships of Passengers
Who Attempted to Make Their
Way. to Odessa.
LONDON, Jan. 15."— The Odessa corre
spondent of the Dally Man, giving detail
of thf experiences of the railway passen
gers Who were snowbound while on the
way to Odessa, says:
"All the trains have now arrived here.
The drifts have hardened to the consist
ency of Ice, and In. one case a tunnel had
to be cut through a drift 400 yarda Ions
and 38 feet' deep.. Many passengers who
had attempted to walk here were found
, by Blelchlnar parties frozen to death."
PRINCE CHING^ 'WHO PROTESTS. AGAINST THE CONTEMPLATED AP
%'*« PQIU TJtKNT- Q# ? yiCBKOy fc GHAjrp; OSIH.TUNG.AS A..PEACE F.NVOT,
TO SUCCEED LI HUNG^CHANO.
: (Reproduced by Permission from Harper's Weekly.)
Profepsor Howard will, however, leave Stanford at once, as
he said he had delivered his last locture to his classes.
Dr. Howard has no plans for the immediate future, except
that he will finish a book upon which he has beon engaged for
the last twelve years and which he considers, his life work. The
work will be entitled "A History of Matrimoniannstitutions,
Especially in the United Slates and England." It will thor
oughly exhaust the subject and will cover a virgin ground.
"Ten years more," he said,, "would see us ranking at the
head of the departments jn America. We could have anything
that money would buy, for. Mrs. Stanford has provided us lib
erally with finarices." • .
To-night Professor. Howard expressed deep regret that he
could not be able to fulfill his cherished ambition to make Stan
ford's history department the best equipped In the United
States.
until that time." I shall be glad to know your further wish In the
matter, and it may be communicated to Vice President Branner, who
is acting president, with full powers, in my absence. Very truly
yours, - DAVID S. JORDAN, President.
Pacific Grove, Cal. .
The correspondence closed with this letter from Professor
LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY.
Department cf History-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Jan. 14, 1901.
President David S. Jordan. Stanford University, Cal.— Dear Sir: Your
letter accepting my resignation is received. Of course I am well aware
that the rights of the large number of students now registered In my
classes are involved in fixing the time of my resignation. Therefore,
since I am being dismissed from a life position on. the 'alleged ground
at discourtesy to the authorities of the university. It neemad to me
but fair that you should take the responsibility of saying whether I
should remain to th« end of the year. You decline to take, that re
sponsibility, and so leave me but one safe and dignified course.
I should have been willing to remain to the. close of the year for
the sake of my students, could I have felt sure that by "harmonious
co-operation" you mean a faithful and free performance of academic
duty according to the spirit of the original Implied contract under
which I have thus far labored. I have not changed J my attitude
toward the university or toward my professorial duties. I am. only
protesting against revolutionary proceedings. The vital point of the
whole present incident is a question of free speech. Therefore ; 1^ am
not willing to pledfre myself . in advance to abide by the uncertain
.. interrretaUon of the ambiguous pbre*e:.'.'*'.e>Mnjl* your ,*»e.Ungs In the
matter 'prevent harmonious co-operation until that time." Hence I
wish my resignation to take effect at once. Very truly yours, ,
GEORGE E. HOWARD.
Professor George Elliott Howard is one of the most gifted'
historians in America. He graduated from the University of
Nebraska in 1S76, took his A. M. in 1879 and his Ph.D. in 1S94.
He was a student in history and jurisprudence at the universi
ties of Munich and Paris from 1876. to. 1878. From 1879 to 1891 he
was professor of history in the University of Nebraska. He
also acted as secretary of the Nebraska State Historical Soci
ety from 1SS5 to 1891.
When Stanford University -opened Dr. Howard was the
first man chosen for a position on the faculty of the new in
stitution by President Jordan. Among his students Dr. How
ard Is looked to as an Inspiring leader In intellectual pursuits.
President Jordan, speaking of his work to a Stanford graduate,
said: "We have many good teachers at Stanford, but Dr. How- \
ard comes the nearest to being- a really great teacher. He is
in many respects an ideal teacher."
Professor Howard has been at Stanford ever since the doors
of the university were thrown open. During this time he has
given his best thought and work to the Institution, with the
result that his department ha3 made Stanford famous. So
far has his judgment been trusted that ho was allowed to draw
the plans for the new building which is being erected for the
use of the departments of history, English and economics. He
it was who had planned the academy of history, economics and
sociology for graduate work which would occupy the Stanford
residence in San Francisco.
Reading of His New Book
"Born to Serve" Has
Caused a Commotion
in Topeka.
TOI'EKA, Kans., Jan. 14.— Rev. Charles
Bhcldcn commenced the reading of his
r,e.w book, "Born to" Serve," to his con
gregation here last night, and It has cre
atf-d Fornething of a fury among Topeka
servants. The servant girls of Topeka at
tended Rev. Mr. Sheldon's church In
a, body, and those who were there
ere making trouble lor their em
ployers to-day. Rev. Mr. ¦ Sheldon
foIvps th« sen-ant girl problem in
his book by having the employers treat
their servant* a* members of. the family.
This solution of the problem was very
gratifying to servants who occupied seats
in Dr. Sheldon's church, and to-day sev
eral prominent families have reported
trouble with their girls, who demanded
botur treatment or higher wases. Many
cf the girls have notified their employers
that they expect better treatment In the
future. Among the members of th* Central
< 'ongregatlonal Church, where Rev. Mr.
Sheldon preached, are some. of the most
fashionable families of the city, anVthey
object strongly to the solution o* the
servant girl problem furnished by^ their
minister. ¦ ¦ \
DR. SHELDON
CAUSES REVOJLT
OF SERVANTS
I am obliged to refer to another passage In your letter. You
«.II1 prareely fall to reoall the fact that since my address before the
rlaet in French revolution you have asked roe to remain in the uni
vrrsity and rf-jx^ato-^ly said that you did not wish me to resign. On
November W. when our last conversation regarding the Ross ind
ent occurred, you raid positively that you .should not ask my resig
nation unle** Mrs. Stanford demanded ft. How then could you have
t*?en hoping fr.r an apology?
I have no apolocy to offer. My conscience is clear In this matter.
"\VTi8T I have said I have said, as I believe, in the cause of individual
JuFtic and academic liberty. Therefore, in response to your demand,
I tender y<,u my r^fipnatlon to take effect at your pleasure. An im
medlaTe ajiswer will cb"iige. Very truly your*.
GEORGE E. HOWARD.
The vry n^xt day. which wa? Sunday last, the t*;ceptance
of the resignation was mailed:
LKLAXD PTAN'TORD JTTXIOR UNIVERSITY.
Office of the President.
RTANFOIID UNIVERSITY. Cal., Jan. 13, 1901.
Prof. G^rp«= K. Howard. Stanford University— Dear Sir: Your let
ter of the 12th inst.. tendering your resignation as professor of his
tory In the Inland Stanford Junior University, Is duly received. I
accept your resignation, to take effect at a date to b» determined by
you. In accordance with the concluding words of my letter of the 9th
Inrt. These words are: "Failing this, I request you to tender your
resignation, to take etTnrt at the end of the current year, or sooner,
ehould your feelings in »he matter prevent harmonious co-operation
President David S. Jordan. Stanford University — Dear Sir: In eelf
defer-«ie I am forced to reply to *everal charges and statements con
tained in your letter asking my resignation. On the day following
the publication of Dr. Roes' dismissal by the authorities of "the uni
versity I spoke to my class in French revolution on the subject of
"Commercial absolutism and the place of the teacher in the discussion
of social questions." The address mas as earnest a protest against
lrt erf prince with academic freedom an I was capable of making.
Thpre •uaF absolutely no discourteous reference to the president nor
to the founder, although in the discussion of the general theme there
¦was involved a strong disapproval of their action. I do not believe
that any fair-minded person who heard me will say that my remarks
were discourteous la .the method of presentation or unjust in their
content. In the address I referred to the motives and Influences
« hich have cauwd the restriction of free speech in various Institu
tions of the country. But so far as the motives and influences gov
erning the recent action were mentioned, directly or by implication,
they were those assigned in the published statement of Dr. Ross and
sustained by the substance of your conversation with me on the even
it^P o* thp 4&y on which t h3 1 tts.t^m^nt fli^^^Arcd.
Department of History.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal.. Jan. 12. 1901.
Professor George E. Howard. Stanford University— Pear Sir: After
th» iV.Fmlssal of Professor Ross by the authorities of this university
you took occasion to make certain remarks before your class criticiz
ing the action and the motives of the management of the university.
Th^e remarks as reported in the newspapers and credited in univer
f Ity circles \rere. In the nature of the accusation*, unjust, and, in the
method of their presentation, discourteous to the university manage
ment. I have waited a reasonable time in the hope that reflection
would enable you to see that some explanation and apology were
desirable. Falling to h«-ar from you I now dnra it my duty to re
<juest you to make satisfactory apolojry for this breach of courtesy
r.n<5 to give «'Jch assurances of your attitude toward the management
pf the university a* will guarantee a proper harmonious relation In
*he future. FailinE in this it !• my request that you at ence tender
vour resignation, to take effect at the end cf the current year, or
sooner, should your feelJnjrs In the matter prevent harmonious co
cj*r«ti~n u»it!' that time. Verv trtily ytvir*. ..»..,
DAVID S. JORDAN, President
In reply was written the following: .',\
LELA2CD STANFORD JI7XIOR TTXrVETlSrTT.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.. Jan. 10. 1901
Nothing was said of the matter to Professor Howard by
President Jordan till the opening of the present semester, when
the following correspondence, which fully explains the position
if both parties, took place:
LELAKD STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY.
Office- of the. President.
"I do not bow down to Saint Market Street. I
do not doff my hat to the Six Companies. Neither am I
afraid of the Eoly Standard Oil." , •
He said that Professor Ross was a martyr to a principle
which cannot be sacrificed and that his forced retirement would
work immeasurable evil to the university. He declared that in
the retirement of Professor Ross a serious blow had been
etruck at the frectlom of speech and the consequences must be
as far-reaching as they were deplorable. In conclusion he ut
tered these notabl? words, which are supposed to have been
the most objectionable to the university authorities:
At the time the address was given It created a profound
sensation and was the subject of much comment outside of
college circles as well as within. The impassioned outburst
¦was before Dr. Howard's class In "French Revolution." Stu
dents that heard him will long remember how intensely sin
cere their impassioned professor was that morning. He opened
his address by declaring that he could not confine himself to
Voltaire and the Intellectual bondage of the past century when
the present vime presented an incident of bigotry and intoler
ence equally as flagrant.
The causes leading up to Dr. Howards enforced res
ignation are wholly an outgrowth of the dismissal of Dr. E. A.
Ross from the department of sociology last November. Dr.
Howard was one of the most outspoken of several of the Stan
ford faculty who regarded Mrs. Stanford's interference as a
blow at freedom of speech and academic liberty. On Novem
ber 15. the day after Dr. Ross' resignation had been accepted.
Dr. Howard delivered the address which aroused President
Jordan to call for either his apology or resignation. Professor
Howard was a close personal friend of Dr. Ross and^ shared
something of the same independence and intellectual freedom
which characterized the distinguished economist.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 14.— Professor George
E. Howard, head of the history department of Stanford
University, has been dismissed from the faculty and
college sentiment 5s again aroused to a high pitch.
Sr«clal Dispatch to The Call
BOSTON". Jan. 14.— After an absence of
fifteen years, during all of which the
woman claims she has been under th*
hypnotic Influence of J. A. Montgomery.
Mrs. Lucre Ma-Mclnineh has been restored
to the remnant of her family at Qreat
Pond, Me., her husband and four of hrr
nine children having tlied since the mother
went away. Mrs. Mclnlnch was found at
Leomlnster. Mass.. by her son-in-law, J.
R. Shuman, who had searched for her for
many veara. She was living with Mont
gomery, and on being taken away by Shu
man expressed great relief, saying that
the past fifteen years have been almost
a total blank. MontgDmery was a farm
hand at Great Pond about sixteen years
a»jo.
Mrs. Mclninch was known as a respect
able woman, the wife of an honest man
and mother of nine children, when shf
disappeared. The husband died some?
years after, his friends said, of a broken
heart, and four of the children also passa«l
away.
Recently Shuman, Postmaster at Creat
Pond and husband of a daughter of Mc
lnlnch. who haa been untiring In his ef
forts to find the woman, unearthed a clew
which he traced to Leomlnster. where h~
found his mother-in-law living as the w'.f^
Of Montgomery. Sha was greatly sur
prised to see her son-in-law, but rcadilv
consented to return with him to Great
Pond. Montgomery, who Is efiiployed as
a Janitor, made no secret of the fact that
the woman llvine as his^ wife was Mrs.
Mclninch. but would say* nothing further
concerning his relations with her. Tba
man Is 78 years of a?9 and Mrs. Mclninch
is fit.
Expresses Great Relief Upon Escaping
' From the Man Who Kept Her
Under Strange Influence. \
Strangely Disappears From
Husband aid Nine
Children.
Rescue of a Womar
Held for Fifteen
Years.
FREED FROM
THE SLAVERY
OF HYPNOTISM
Head of the History Department Is Forced to Retire Because of His Refusal
to Tender to President Jordan an Apology for His Criticisim of Mrs*
Stanford's Course in Causing the Removal of Dr. Edward A. Ross
PROFESSOR GEORGE ELLIOTT HOWARD
RECEIVES DISMISSAL FROM FACULTY
OF LELAND STANFORD JR. UNIVERSITY
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 46.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY ;i5vi^P- 1 *
Imperial Seal Closely Guarded in Kwang Su's
in the Forbidden Gty and Cannot
Be Obtained Except by Order From Emperor
PEACE PROTOCOL SIGNED
BY ENVOYS OF CHINA, BUT
PAPERS NOT TURNED OVER
THE DISMISSED PROFESSOR.
The San Francisco Call
powers relative to the dispatch recently
forwarded through our diplomatic repre
sentatives abroad urgently requesting
that negotiations be expedited as fast as
possible. All ; the powers concur in this
view and express an earnest ( desire to
reach a final settlement. It is rather a
singular and unaccountable fact, however,
that some of the foreign powers have re
.ferred; to delays caused by the United
States, whereas the efforts of this Gov
ernment, throughout have been to hurry
matters along." It was for this reason that
the, recent proposition - was made to re
move the two points of Indemnity and
treaties to Washington or some other cap
ital, although some of the powers seem to
have the erroneous impression that this
delayed proceedings. The State Depart
ment adheres *.o the purpose not to make
known the powers who favored or opposed
the recent proposition. But In view of re
ports to the effect that Great Britain was
most .strenuous In opposition It can be
stated that the Brllsh Government was
one. of those, which received the sugges
tion most favorably.
" "Up to the close of the official day Mr.
Conger had not advised the department
of the final signing of the peace protocol.
EVACUATING CHILI PROVINCE.Two Employes of the State
.Engage in a Fist
COME TO BLOWS
IN THE CAPITOL
which ¦ has been fought out once' be
fore in - .the Legislature and • which
will : bring another fioht this session.
The report will ,coine before' the
Legislature in. the form of: bills' em
bodying the recommendations., made' by
the commission. ; Among them is one that
chaiflfcs the law relating to contempt
committed outside of the presence of the
court so as to allow an appeal from a
Judgment In contempt. Under the present
law there is ho appeal, but the judgment
in contempt may be reviewed by the high
er court upon a writ of certiorari, which,
however, runs only as to the jurisdiction
of the lower court. The difference be
tween the writ and the appeal Is that the
writ is a quick remedy, the appeal a slow
one, and that in the case of an appeal
the party enjoined may put up a bond
and continue the work he is supposed to
have stopped.
This matter, of appeal in contempt pro
ceedings was brought up in a report of
a Code Commission four years ago, the
source of It being a faction of the hy
draulic miners. The hydraulickers under
the. law were v enjoined from hydraulic
mining excepr under certain conditions,
on the ground that their work was dam
aging the farms and rivers below them.
It was pointed out at the time that if
they were allowed to appeal from Judg
ments in contempt and the then existing
conditions they could tie up a Judgment
..for two or three years before the higher
court, and in the meantime continue to
work their mines in defiance of the in
junction and the fubsequent contempt
proceedings. .
When the proposition to change appeals
first came up before the Legislature there
was a storm of protest from the valley
men, who saw in It an. attempt to work
the hydraulic mines despite the legal pro
hibition. , There was not then nor has
there been since any" Indorsement of such
a proposition from the Miners' Associa
tion, for it is the rule of that organiza
tion not to countenance any but legal
mining-. The proposition was killed and
it has lain dormant, until now It appears
again in one of the three voluminous bills
which are based on the report of the Code
Commission. • • ¦ ¦¦¦
The opponents of the , clause declare
that, without going Into the matter, an
amendment to the code providing appeals
in contempt cases Is new legislation, and
is in no .way within the province of the
Code Commission. It is claimed that the
Code ¦ Commission can go no further than
a revision of the codes, and that it can
not add anything new to them. The pro
vision is. deemed a bad one, and several
Senators have announced their determina
tion, to vote. against all three bills on the
venture that 4 if the appeal In contempt
has been brought In- there must be much
that is objectionable. . .
Storm Brewing Over the
Report of the Code
Commission.
CALL _ HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.-/There is a storm brew
ing over the report of the Code Commis
sion, for there is included in it that
WILL REOPEN
AN OLD FIGHT
reappeared In the Legislature, this time hi
the Senate, through the medium of Wolfe,
who explained as he submitted the meas
ure that he did so at the request of the
Barbers' Union. Later, when the bill gets
as far as the Committee on Health, a
delegation from the authors of the meas
ure will come to Sacramento to see it
through. ... . ;
The bill is an act to regulate the barber
ing trade, to register and license barbera
and to promote j competency • and : skiil
among them. It provides for a board of
three examiners, to be appointed by the
Governor from among, competent barbers,
who shall receive $4 a day for actual days
of employment on the board and mileage
to get them to the places of meeting, it
is provided that the board shall meet
three times a year in three different cities,
but between meetings any member may
grant a certificate to a 'candidate he
deems efficient,' such certificate to ¦ allow
the candidate to pursue his trade until the
next meeting of the board, when he must
appear for examination. It is provided,
further, that each applicant sjiall pay a
fee of $5 before being examined, the fee t-j
be returned in case he fails to pass.' • '
It is required that the applicant shall be
over 18 years of age, free from contagious
or infectious diseases and of ..good: moral
character and. that he shall have had
three years' experience at the trade under
a competent barber or have studied three
years at an accredited barbers' school, or
have practiced three ' years J in another
State. He must possess the requisite skill
in the preparation of his. tools, in shaving,
cutting hair^etc, and must; be able s to
recognize common diseases of the ¦ face.
The examiners are to be the judges of
the competency of barbers' schools.- '
By the bill; State and ; municipal Boards
of Health are given power to examine int-i
the sanitary condition of all barber shops.
To shave, trim the beardior. cut the- hair
of any person,- for hire or reward received
.by .the person performing - ; such services
or any other person, is construed - by • the
act to mean the practice of the occupation
of a barber. A fine of S\00 or ninety days
in jallls provided as' the. penalty , of any
violation of the provisions of; the act. -
Plan to Promote the Com
petency and Skill of
Barbers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— The barber's bill has
LICENSES FOR
SHAVE ARTISTS
practice of acquiring a residence In this
State for the purpose of"taking advantage
of the divorce laws of California, and It
also knocks out the year's probation
which has caused so much controversy.'
Senator Nutt's bill provides that no di
vorce shall be granted for any cause aris
ing prior to the residence of the com- #
plainant or defendant In. this State, which*
was not a ground for divorce in the State
where the cause arose; also that no per
son shall be entitled to a divorce in this
State for any cause arising in this State,
who has not had actual residence in this
State for at least one year before the
commencement of the suit, with a bona
fide Intention of making this State his or
her permanent home. For. causes arising
outside of this State bona fide residence
of two years, with the intention of re
maining here, is required.
The bill requires personal service of
summons, or service to the complete sat
isfaction of the court, and it Is further
provided -that none but personal service
shall be accepted until a diligent search
for the defendant for at least six months
from the commencement of the suit shall
have been proved. The bill also prohibits
the granting of decrees solely upon de
fault or upon admission in the pleadings,
except after hearing before court.
It is provided that after divorce either
party may marry again, no time limit be
ing set forth, but there is a restriction
made in cases where the notice has been
by publication only, and the defendant
has not appeared.' In that case six
months must elapse before the decree be
comes operative or effective, when it shall
become final.
m ¦• * ¦ - •
Text of the Bill Presented
by Senator Nutt of
San Diego. ,
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— Senator Nutt of San
Diego has introduced. a bill making oper
ative in this State the divorce laws of
other States. He . entitles It "an act to
make uniform the divorce laws of the dif
ferent States of the United States." The
law- is intended to operate against- the
FOR UNIFORM
DIVORCE LAWS
MENTO. Jan. 14.— Supervisor Charles
"Wesley Reed arrived In Sacramento to
day to arrange for the introduction in the
Senate and the Assembly of the bill draft
ed by him for the Sempervirens Club, the
object of which Is to obtain the preserva
tion of the giant redwoods of the Big
Basin, in Santa Cruz, County. It Is prob
able that San Francitco members will in
troduce the bill.., . \. *'-"';. , ' . ¦
The bill provides for an appropriation
not to exceed $500,000 and a commission to"
purchase the best tract suitable for a
park to preserve the- sequoia sempervi
rens, or redwood, from extinction.' Tha
Sempervirens Club, 1 of which Supervisor
Reed ia president and which has among
its members the presidents and many pro
fessors of. Stanford arid the University of
California : and many prominent '• business
and : professional men, believes - that;', the
big. basin-would be chosen for a park in
the event of the bill becoming a law.-
Ben M. Maddox of Visalia arrived io~
day; i/Satfl' M '¦WMUMIU m nu, . .--.-
.. Thomas O. Tolsnd of Ventura Is here to
attenda session of the State Board of
Equalization . this week.
R. - H. Webster, and W. D. Kingsbury
Superintendent and -Assistant Superin
tendent of the San. Francisco schools ar
rived to-day to look after the interests of
school bills to be '- Introduced shortly.
San Diego's. Protest.
SAN DIEGO. Jan.; 14.— At a special meet
ing to-day of the'directors of, the Chember
of Commerce, a remonstrance was drafted
and will be forwarded to the Legislature
protesting apinst that section of the Cut
ter, bill which ' provides that San : Diego
Count y shall be entitled ; to : only, one As
semblyman.' . . ;
Supervisor Reed Is Pro
moting a Big Trees -
V Bill.
CALL ¦ HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
LATE ARRIVALS
AT THE CAPITAL
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 14.— The following
bills were Introduced in the Senate to
day:.
S. B. 170, Davis— Amending tha ' firemen's
benefit act of IS89. . • .-.
S. B. 171, Davl»— Appropriating $40 75 to pay
the claim of V. S. Gregory. ' . ¦". • .
S. B. 172, Davis— Appropriating $7000 for im
proving the; water system at the Preston
school- I ' •• . • .-..-¦ . - '• - » ¦
S. B. • 173. - Davis — Appropriating $-400 to pur
chase a printing press for the Preston school.
S. B. 174, Pavls— Appropriating $300 to pur
chase books. for the Preston school.. ¦ ¦• •
S. B. .175. Davi«— Appropriating J500 to pur
chase farm horses for the Preston school.
S. B. • 176, Davis— Appropriating $200. to pur*
chase musical, instruments for the Preston
SChOOl. : •' ,•¦••
.S. B.- 177. Davis— Appropriating $1500 for an
ice plant at the .Preston school.
S. B. 178, Davis-^- Appropriating $500 to pur
chase tools for the Preston school.
S. B. l'O.Nutt— Relative, to divorce procedure.
S. B. 180. Nutt— Amending section 3785 of the
Political Code, relating to revenue and "taxes.
S. B. 181. Nutt— Providing for the dissolution
of Irrigation districts.
S. B. 182, Nutt— Amending section 5 of the
appropriated water act of 1S83.
S. B. 183. Nutt— Amending section 1579 of the
Penal Code, relating "to monthly reports of of
ficers.
S.'B. 184, Nutt— Amending section 1437 of the
Penal Code, relating to the disposition of fines.
S. B. 1S5, .Currier— Prohibiting the false
marking of fruit; violation .of the act is made
a misdemeanor. ¦ • ..-
S. B. 186, Devlin— Amending the Board of
Parole Commissioners act of 1893.
. S. B. 187, Devlin — Providing for the appoint
ing by the Supremo Court of five Court Com
missioners; $67,000 is appropriated to meet the
expense of the commission.
S. B. 18S, Devlin— Making the assault of one
prisoner In State prisons upon another with
Intent to do great bodily harm a capital
offense.
S. B. 189, Maggard— Amending section 2643
of the Political. Code, relating to the duties of
road overseer.
8. B. 190. Haggard — Amending section 3839 of
the Political Code, relating to poll-tax lia
bility..
S. B. 191, Maggard— Amending section 634 of
the Penal Code, relating to the fish laws.
S. B. 192. Maggard — Appropriating $25,000 for
additional buildings at the Chlco Normal
School.
S. B. 193, Simpson— To regulate andrlleense
the practice of osteopathy.
S. B. 194. Smith of Kern— Appropriating $78
to pay deficiency in appropriation for. pay of
officers and clerks In , the Senate of the thirty
third session. .
8. B. 195, Lftrdner— Appropriating $5000 to pay
tho claim of August Zimmerman. •
S." B. 196. Byrne— Authorizing the discharge
of . Judgments - held by the State against any
person from their having been bonds
men-for any former . of fleer of the State, upon
performance of certain conditions.
S. B. 197. Rowell— Amending section 1365 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to letters
of administration.
S. B. 198, Rowell— Regulating the practice of
barberlhg.
Twenty Nine Bills the
Output of the
Day.
NEW MEASURES
IN THE SENATE
The bill to be Introduced makes several
changes in the public school system of the
State, among them two that affect San
CALX. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— The best of the school
bills has yet to come before the Legisla
ture, and that It has not come sooner is
due to a misunderstanding that might
have become serious between the State
Educational Commission and the repre
sentatives of the San Francisco teachers.
Bills of Vital Importance
* to' San Francisco
Teachers.
ALX. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
'/jy MENTO. Jan. 14.— Speaker Pen
(l dleton announced this morning
>\^ the special committee of seven to
which the portions of the Gover
nors message relating to the University
of California and Stanford University are
referred by resolution of the Assembly.
The committee in whose hands the im
portant- interests of the universities are
left is as follows: Collins of Butte. Car
ter, Ralston, Fisk. Hasson. Cowan and
Reeber.
The Speaker's appointments to member
ship on this committee are regarded as
having been made in" accordance with the
wishes of Governor Gage, and friends of
the I measures introduced to provide an
Increased income for the University of
California see in them further indication
of the Governor's disposition to carry his
policy of economy to the point of com
bating these measures, although the bur
den of direct taxation is not Increased by
The Speaker passed - by the Alameda
County delegation in ¦ his selections,
though every .one supposed that the
county In which the university Is situated
would be accorded representation on the
committee. McWade and Kelley of Ala
meda were both Pendleton men, and Me-
Wad© is an alumnus of the University or
California. That neither ot them was ap
pointed is attributed to the fact that they
win support the bills which, presumably,
the Governor opposes. Anderson, who has
charge of the University of California,
bills in the Assembly, and Wright, who
introduced tho Stanford bills, were also
passed by in making up the committee.
The power of the committee does not
extend to control of the .bills introduced,
which are In the hands of the standing
committee. It will be able only to rec
ommend favorable or unfavorable action
upon them, according to the weight it at
taches to the Governor's opinions as ex
pressed In that portion of the message
referred to It.
•
CHANGES IN THE
SCHOOL LAWS
Makes Appointments to the Assembly Special Com
mittee in Accordance With the Wishes
of Governor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Francisco vitally. One Is the certifica
tion of teachers. It Is Intended by tna
bill to be Introduced to abolish primary
certificates and .have instead elementary
certi Hcatfes. It was agreed upon between
the State Teachers' Association and the
State Educational Commission that th»
provisions providing the change* should be
so harmonized as to make them effective
In San Francisco without endangering the
validity of certificates there or interfer
ing to any great extent with existing con
ditions. It was promised that this woula
be done, yet when the bill was ready for
presentation to-day there were no such
words as "San Francisco" In it. Further
proceedings were stopped at once by a
vigorous "kick," and the bill haa been
hung up until the amendments suggested
can De incorporated. It Is claimed that if
the State law be changed and no provision
made to harmonize the San Francisco
laws the laws will be In the nature of
special legislation and the validity of all
certificates of that county would thereby
be endangered. ; ¦
The provisions which It Is intended shall
be harmonized to allow their benefit to
reach San Francisco will make certifi
cates Interchangeable throughout the
State, and will provide for the preserva
tion of those primary certificates that ara
already in existence.
A 1 second point of importance will be in
cluded In the bill to allay the uncertainty
now attaching to the validity of life di
plomas. It will provide that after six
yeani of service a teacher may be granted
a permanent certificate, which, so far a3
the county Issuing It is concerned, will be
a life diploma.
There will be a. meeting of the teachers
committee in San Francisco on Wednes
day to consider the proposed amendments,
and they will then be drafted and incor
porated In the blU. * ¦
NEW CHARTER
OF PASADENA
Me'lick Introduces a Reso
lution for Its Ap
proval.
CAT>L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 14.— Mellck of I^os Angeles
introduced in the Assembly thl3 moroinsr
a concurrent resolution approving the new
freeholders* charter of Pasadena, one of
the few out of the roaaiy drafted durlns;
the past year th,at met the approval of the
people at the poll?. Its characteristics in
clude the modern Idea of power central
ized In the Mayor, but with the brake af
forded by a referendum provision; the
nomination of candidates for City Trus
tees by wards, but their election by vote of
the electors of the entire city, and the pro
hibition of the sale of Intoxicating liquors.
Senator Simpson Introduced the same
resolution in the Senate.
SPEAKER IGNORES FRIENDS
OF THE TWO UNIVERSITIES
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MKXTO. Jan. 14. -Speaker P.-n
dleton and Alden 'Anderson had a
rnnferer.ee thi.s morning regard-
ing Anderson's refusal to scrv<»
as chairman of or to accept memhers-liin
*n the Committee; on Commissions and
Expenditures. The meeting was arranged
by Melirk of Iyis Ancelcs, who has been
anxious that An<1cr3<in should remain on
the committee. The former Speaker re
nalsed obdurate, ar.d <-nuld not be movcl
to Fay even that he would reconsider h'.s
resignation.
After the mooting, I'cndleton paid thnt
Anderson put in his resignation on the
pround that his ttme was occupied by
other matters ¦which he believed more Imf
rortar.t. Anderson himself said that he
was willing that the rase should be f*o
ttated. He has a larse number of bills
to which he desires to devote close at
tention and his membership on the Ways
and Means Committee will make heavy
demand unon his lime.
Fpeakcr Pendlotnn ? aid to-night that he
probably would appoint another member
of the committee to-morrow, hut that He
would leave the choice of a chairman to
the committee itself. He said he had two
mfn in mir.d for the vacancy on the com
mittee and his appointment was delayed
to reach a decision between these two.
It is generally believed that Grove I,.
Johnson will be appointed. He has shown
from the beginning an anxiety to pee the
California Paris Commission investigated.
and his friends say he would be plad to
assist as a member of the committee.
Melick would be the logical chairman, as
sill the Republican members who were i
Per.rtleton men have already h*?en pro
vided with chairmanships, and BUbs, the
other Republican member, was named on
th» committee after Melick. The mem
ber from I>os An?cles is on record as
favoring a ripid investigation, and ap
parently the ohoire ot him as chairman I
would be agreeable to Governor Gage. |
Governor Ga^e sent a message to the i
ferate and Assembly this morning
that caused the most profound sen
ration the session has yet pro
duced. In it the Governor with character
istic vigor takes a etand on the California
I*aris Commission question that puts at
rest any doubt that the investigation fay
the Assembly Committee on Commir-siois
and Expenditures will proceed along v';?
orous lines. The message was as follows:
Executive Department. State of California.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 14, 190L
To th* AFPPmbly of the Stat* of California:
I have the hnnur to present herewith, for your
Information, a copy of the official report of
"The California Paris Commlrelnn," re<v|ved
I y me since the transmission to your honor
*Me body of rny firrt biennial message.
Section III of th»? act creating said commls- I
Fkn. tprroved March SO, ISM, reads as fol- I
ln»f: i
. "SaM commission to r»iurn to the Controller I
\wcr.#>rs properly certified for all money ex
ptiidcl by it"
It will be observed from an examination of
the provisions of the eald act creating- said
commission that neither the Board of Exam
iners nor Governor had any power of eu
rxrvision over the act* of said commission,
ted the State Controller has informed me that
r.o vouchers fcave as yet l>een returned to said
officer. HENRY T. GAGE,
Governor of the titaie of California,
The Governor's attitude on the question
has been the subject of much speculation,
as It was recognized by all that if he de
sired no investigation or a perfunctory
one with € whitewash at the end, his wish
would be gratified, as his partisans are in
a majority on the committee. But, as was
predicted In The Call, the restriction by
the Legislature of the Governor's power
over the commission prompted hfm to
"pass the buck" to the legislative branch
by practically forcing it into an investiga
tion of the commission's failure to fulfill
its prescribed duty In the ' matter t>t
vouchers.
This failure to present vouchers and the
inadequacy of the commission's report,
accompanying the message, when It Is re
membered that the commission has pre
sented nothing else to show for its hand
ling of a fund of $130,000, make rigid in
vestigation certain, fipeaker Pendleton
promptly referred fhe message to the
Committee on Commissions and Expendi
ture?, and Immediately upon adjourn
ment at noon consulted with members of
the committee regarding an early meeting.
State Controller E. P. Colgan declares
he ha*- no power over the fund appro
priated for the California Commission to
the Paris Exposition, and that in handling
the money he followed the precedent set
by the ruling In the case of the Chicago
World's Fair appropriation. The Control
ler took the ground that the appropriation
for the Chicago Fair Commission was il
legal and he refused to draw a warrant
for it. but the Supreme Court, on appeal
decided in favor of the Commissioners.
"I have followed this ruling," said
Mr. Colg-an this evening. "Th« Su
preme Court ordered it and I drew
the warrant at once, as the money
was to b« spent outside of the State,
¦wraiting until the commission had
made up its accounts to receive the
vouchers. I did the same in the case
of the Hamburg appropriation and
again in the case of this Paris Com
mission. It was in every wjay a simi
lar appropriation, and upon prece
dent I drew the warrants at once and
for the full amount, as the money
was to be scent in a foreign country
GAGE PASSES IT UP TO
COLGAN AND LEGISLATURE
Johnson May Succeed Anderson as Chairman of the
Committee That Will Investigate Exposition
Expenditures.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 14.— Broughton's
Assembly bill No. 3. appropriating $15,000
(or rebuilding a refectory building at v the
Whlttier State School, was to-day favor
ably reported by the Senate Committee on
Reformatories.
Favors Brough ton's Bill.
Resolution Adopted by the Pajaro
Valley Orchardist Asso
ciation.
WATSOXVILLE, Jan. 14.— At a meeting
of the Pajaro Valley Orchardist Associa
tion-a resolution was adopted favoring the
formation of a new county out of portions
of Santa Cruz and Monterey counties.' A
committee was appointed to prepare a bill
for presentation in the Legislature. .The
proposed new county, according to the
resolution, will contain 322 square miLes
and a population of 13,500.
FAVORS FORMATION
OF A NEW COUNTY
The report of the commission referred i
to by the Governor follows. It is signed
by all the Commissioners, with the ex
ception of Ben C. Truman, and by the seo
rttary.
PAX FRAXCISCO, Cal.. Jan. 6. 1901.
Hon. Henry T. Oase, Governor of the State
of California: Pursuant to an act appropriat
ing money to pay the expense of collecting, pre
paring, forwarding. Installing, maintaining and
returning an exhibit of the products of fhe
Htate or California at the Paris Exposition In
l**i. Also /or preparing and printing literature
fnr distribution at said exposition and provid
ing a commission and expense of commission
and attaches. (Approved March 20, 1S99.)
Carrying out of the provisions of said act It
was >our pK-asure to nam* as such Commission
ers E. W. Runyon of Red Bluff. W: W. Foote of
Oakland and Major Ben C. Truman of Los An-
Reles. Immediately upon receipt of their com
misFlons thes<e gentlemen proceeded to organize
l>y the election of E. W. Runyon as president,
and elected Varney W. GasklU as their secre
tary. |
The exhibits of this State were collected with
the utmost care; were duly forwarded and
handsomely installed In five "different depart
ments and pavilions at the Paris Exposition,
namely: Horticulture. . agriculture, mining,
forestry and fishery: these being the five groups ¦
in which the California commission principally
exerted all their energies.
This Ftate was allotted six Jurors, one for
fach of these departments, and the different
irroups were divided into 1O.> different classes,
of which California had a *i>lend!ri representa
tion In twenty-four of them. This Ftate had
mi -elegant display, consisting of a full line of
all varieties of dried, canned, conserved, freah
end citrus fruits, raletns, nuts, wines, olive
oils, cereals, wool, woods, leather, perfumery,
mapsi education, social economy and varied In
dustries.
The following summary of awards speaks for
itself: Out of a total of 577 exhibitors from this
State. &6K received awards at the. hands of the
international Jury. Thus it will be seen that
of all our exhibitors 98 per cent recelvei
awards, while only 60 per cent of the world's
exhibitors received any mention. Including
these awards the State of California secured a
crand prize for Its collective exhibits in each
of the five departments stove mentioned, and
five additional gold medals on separate exhib
its in these and other departments. California
exhibits were distributed in the different de
partments and grouped with similar exhibits
of the world. Attractive signs were placed con
rplcuously over California exhibits directing the
visitors to our State display, which had been
artistically arranged, and the name of Cali
fornia soon became a household word.
Another feature of the Commissioners' work
and which brought great prominence to the
fctate was the • headquarters bureau . of in
formation, collective exhibits and offices, main
tained at R Place de l'Opera. the very center
of the most populous quarter of Paris, which
rirew thousands of visitors of nil nationalities
peeking information of the resources of our
ftate. It can be stated this was the only State
in the Union that maintained such headquarters
outside of the exposition.
An efficient corps of assistants familiar with
the resources of our great State and conversant
with tho French. German, Spanish and Italian
languages were always on hand at these head
quarters to furnish any Information required,
also to assist Callforniana in and about Paris;
also to furnish them with data as to where our
exhibits at the exposition could be found and
give them all information while In Paris.
There wu also maintained a commercial bu
reau, whose function It was to distribute
throughout Europe albums and maps printed
in French, English and German. Illustrative of
< the resources of this State. It is pleasing to
note in this connection that over 300 answers
were received from Boards of Trade and Cham
bers of Commerce acknowledging receipt of
these maps and albums, and thanking the com
mission for their courtesy in the matter and
also assuring the commission that the map*
would be prominently displayed on their walls.
The commission has fully demonstrated that
many products of this State are now In. the
markets of France and that by further enter
prise of our producers many others can be suc
cessfully and profitably sold there.
Of the $130,000 appropriated by our Legisla
ture, which was turned over to the commission,
about $116,000 will have been expended when
this commission shall have finished their, work,
thus leaving a balance of about $14,000 to be
turned bark to the State treasury. The com
mteshm will render a full and complete report
of all' its proceedings from the organization to
the closing of Its affairs, so that the people of
this State may have a full report of how the
money was expended and the affairs managed.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
E. W. RUNYON. President.
W. W. FOOTE.
V. W. GASKILL, Secretary.
and could not be\drawn by vouchers,
and when th« accounts of the com
mission are made up I expect to re
ceive their vouchers."
THE SAN FR AyCISUO CAlA, TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1901.
PARIS COMMISSION INQUIRY NOW SEEMS ASSURED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— The inaugura
tion of a President could not have
brought a larger crowd to the As
sembly chamber this afternoon
than the one which gathered there to see
the vote "of the State Electors cast for
William McKinley and Theodore Roose
velt for President and Vice President of
the Unltea States. It was a new thing to
make of the simple act a public and im
pressive ceremony, but there was no doubt
of the success of the experiment nor of
the lasting impression which it'made.
Flags were draped around the galleries
and above and behind the.Speaker's desk.
Palms and evergreens were clustered be
low the flags, around the gallery rails and
along the walls, and from the central
chandelier hung pennants of the national
colors, moving gracefully over the throng
that filled every seat and every corner ot
the big room. ..• • . . .
At the. hour set the. crowd around -the
entrance was parted, and, led by the Gov- ;
ernor, the official? who were to take. part
in the programme entered, the audience
cheering the executive as he made his
way up the aisle. Following him were
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Central . Committee;
Jacob H. Neff.' Lieutenant Governor, of
the State; Thomas Flint Jr. President
pro tem. of the Senate, and C.- W. Pen
dleton. Speaker of the Assembly. They
took their places behind the Speaker's
desk. Secretary of Statp Charles F. Curry
followed, and then came the nine Electors,
who took seats at the clerk's desk. Col
onel Stone rapped for order, opened the
ceremonies with a brief speech and then
introduced Governor Gage, who spoke as
follows:
Mr. Chairman, Blectors, Ladles and Gentle
men: The people of the great State of Cali
fornia cast their vote on the 6th day of last
November by no uncertain majority for two
distlDtruished citizens for President, and Vice
President. While they voted Indirectly for the
men whom thpy wished to occupy those high
offices, it becomes your duty," electors, to carry
out the will of the people who elected you by
a direct vote for William McKinley, for Presi
dent, and Theodore Roosevelt, for Vice Presi
dent, n .
It is pleasant to recalVthe historical fact
that while the framers or the constitution
feared to give the people the power to Bay
directly who should fill the higheet offices ot
the nation, no electors since, perhaps, 1S04
have gone contrary to the wish of the' people
in casting their ballots. The constitution does
not bind you to vote except as your own ¦wish
may dictate, but custom- has decreed that the
will of the people shall be respected and your
ballots to-day will doubtless be. cast as the
will of the people expressed at the polls de
mands. • .
Special Dispatch to The Call
Impressive Public Cere
mony Occurs in the As
sembly Chamber of. the
Capitol at Sacramento
CALIFORNIA'S ELECTORS CAST THEIR
VOTES FOR McKINLEY AND ROOSEVELT
Hon. Samuel M. Short
ridge Is Elected to Carry
the Result of the-Ballot
ing to Washington City
may look heaven in the face without a
blush. May God bless our own State of
California and our great and glorious and
cver.triumphant Union." ".
Christian B. Rode of San Francisco was.
chosen messenger to take the packet' to
the postofflce In Sacramento, where a copy
of , the proceedings was .to'.bs mailed, and
Frank McGowan of San Francisco was
chosen messenger to take a similar packet
to the United Statt-M District Judge for
this district, as required by law. ,
Then resolutions presenting the ballot
box to McKinley and the gavel and block
to Roosevelt "were" passed and the "cere-'
moni'es ended with the singing of "Amer
ica." •' ¦ 'O':.- 1 "^' • ¦ ' ' ¦'• " "" ¦
¦The arrangements were in charge of
Jacob ¦ Steppacher, assistant secretary, of
the State Central Committee, to whom
belong3 much of the credit for the suc
cess undoubtedly achieved: ¦• •
•The ballot-box in which the Presidential
.Electors of the State deposited their baf
lots at Sacramento yesterday- will be pre
sented to President McKinley . by Samuel
M. Shortridge, Elector-at-large, who will
proceed to Washington, D. C, withthe of
ficial result. .'. ¦
: The box Is eight by eight Inches square
and was designed and manufactured by
Shreve & Co. after suggestions from J.
Steppacher, assistant secretary of the Re
publican State Committee, being ' con
structed of California -woods, mounted
with fourteen-karat gold. The box proper
is formed by .four panels of bevels edge
glass, nesting upon a. base of dark red
wood burl. Rising from each of the four
corners is a column of manzanlta/ with
base and capital of gold, heavily chased.
Resting upon these columns is the top— a
combination of California buckeye,- . ma
drone and ' manzanlta — the upper ¦ part
opening as a lid, hinged, and fastened
with a gold padlock, the key of which is
seotired by a chain. • -...•- %
On the front face of -the base is placed
in gold the great seal of the State of Cali
fornia, on each side of which is an Ameri
can nag enameled in colors, entwined with
laurel leaves in relief. .On the back of the
base is a shield inscribed: -
Presented to Hon. William 'McKinley by the
Electors, Samuel M. Shortridge', William J.
Bai-rett. John W. Ryan. Harold T. Power.
"William R. Davis, Christian B. Rode. Frank
McGowan, Warren R. Porter, James McFad
den.
On one side Is a gold shield engraved:
"President William McKinley of Ohio."
On the other side is a gold shield en
graved: "Vice President Theodore Roose
velt of New York;" On the front edge
of the cover is a band with the inscrip- 1
tlon: "Republican majority November 6.
1900, 33.770." On the back edge of the
cover is a gold band engraved: "Ballot
box, Presidential Electors of California,
January, 14, 1901."
The election of a messenger to carry
the result of the balloting was then in
order and the choice of the Electors fell
upon Samuel M. SlKrtrldge. who respond
ed in a brief 'address. When he arose to
speak he was greeted with tremendous
applaxise and throughout his speech he
was frequently Interrupted.
"The voice of partisanship is silent to
day," he said. "During the campaign
there was a partisan feeling, the outcome
of strong political, conviction, but to-day
we stand on the high eminence of Amer
ican citizenship. Everywhere Is satisfac
tion, everywhere Is concurrence in the ver
dict of last November.; From -Washing
ton. who lifted the flag to the sky, to
McKinley who holds it there, this nation
of ours', above all other .nations of the
earth, nas trod the path of fame, and we
The voting for Piesident was by. ballot,
the secretary : calling, the' name of each
Elector and the tellers counting his vote.
Then they opened thi;. box, tallied the re
sult and the chairman announced the
choice of the Electors. The same proceed
ing was repeated in the balloting for Vice
President. /
Secretary of State Curry read- the Gov
ernor's ! certificate of the. result of the
election and called the roll of the Electors
— Samuel. M. tihortridge/ William J. Bar
rett, John Walter Ryan, Harold T. Power,
William R. -Davis. Christian ¦• B. Rode.
Frank McGdwan, Warren R. Porter, and
James McFaclaen.-- They organized by
electinp W. R. Davis of Oakland chair
man, William J.' Barrett- of Los Angeles
secretary and John Walter. Ryan of;Hum
boldt and Jam.es McFadden of Santa Ana
tellers. In- accepting the office of-chair
man of the Electors, Mr. Davis delivered
an eloquent address. , • .
BALLOT-BOX IN WHICH THE
ELECTORAL , VOTES WERE
DEPOSITED.
The act you will formally carry out here to
lay will teach a great lesson. ; It; will #mpha
•Ize-the permanency of republican institutions,
t Is frauclit with great significance, In con
rast with which the coronation of royalty is
1 hollow mockery. - -
. No better equipped '. shop • for commercial
printing In this .city than' Sanborn>&
Vail's. The/ .have just -added \ two more
new presses..* For , good ' work and low
prices they are not eaualed in this city. ; •
Printing and" Bookbinding.
CALL HEADQUARTERS.' SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 14— While the solemn cere
mony of casting the electoral vote of Cali
fornia was'', being: 'held In the Assembly
Chamber this afternoon,' two men. both
employes of the State, engaged in a bloody
fist fight : in the rotunda ] of the Capitol.
The .combatants were Al Llndley, •em
ployed as a clerk by the Lunacy Commis
sion, and Emmett. Phillips, editor ; of. the
Sunday News of Sacfamento and history
clerk of the. Senate. • ¦ '• . :
The two men * have been .enemies sine?
Phillips criticized in his paper certain acts
ofiLiridley ln~ connection with the. inaug
uiatlon ball tw years ago. To-day they j
met lust outside the --, Assembly Chamber
when the exercises were beginning. '.'After
some words, they ., went -down* the stairs
together. 1 .' Lindley wanted Phillips "to go
down into the:"well" and fight it out.'but
Phillips insisted that: if there 'was to be
trouble it must be outside the Capitol. ...'
• The two men had halted in the rotunda,
and - suddenly," Lindley > .": struck \ Phillips.
Phillips . returned -.. the ¦ blow ' and '• for - sev
eral minutes . the •'. men ; fought savagely.
Lindley was knocked ; down ; twice, but ¦ he
kept. : up the fight • until . bystanders.' sep
; arated- .them. *• Both v; men -were, covered
|;With. blood from cuts on their faces.,"Phil
lips got into 'a- -hack and was driven home,
while '¦; Llndleyi was taken ;to ¦ a ' room "of
the '.Capitol >and washed iand allowed; to_
restbefore he was sent home. .: '-:¦'¦ "- .•"]
'¦;¦ Llndley. is a' brother ; of ;Hervey Lindley,' 1
the - .well-known- politician, r: There ' is ¦• a I
probability that both; men will -lose their,
positions. Only, a few saw. the fight. '. |
2
To Cut* a Cold in ; One Day
Take I-axatlve Bromo Quinine. Tablets. All
drucrists refued th« money If H'fall8 ; t0'cure.
ii. W. Grove's eicn&ture Is on eac& box. Sic *
tfor everybody. f|
*a Our retiring sale has been a great success — the crowds W&-
pj of buyers increase daily. You had better buy quickly— the r £l
yj& Mutual Savings Bank says we must vacate very shortly. <#
Hs£ ' Here are some of the bargains: • %£
jffij: Ladies' Calfskin Shoes in lace and button, all sizes and ±i
: £& widths, reliable makes, reduced to v* (
||v Ladies' Golf Boots in calfskin or kid, extension sole3, fc$
%£jj worth double the rsduced price, yi-
j§£ Children's and Misses' Kid and Calfskin Shoes, in lace of M^J
t£ij button, exceedingly good values — *»
£ft sizes 6 to 8 S5c i^',
vf r sizes &V2 to 11 : <)5 C i_i
if*. sizes 11 to 2 !!!!!!$1.15 . $
•K B ° ys - Str S njr Sch ° o1 shoes - all greatlv reduced- %
M sizes 8 to U ...91.OO 3?
'M sizes 1.^ to 2 L05 $
|HJ sues 2l/ > to m\ .....1.15 a
||jg : . very high cut leggings Soc p cr p a i r> 6 ' 3b
fe .J elt g ? ods and slippers for men and women at next to %
nothing prices. _ . .J&i
pA 1 ,„ u , , r , , , , r—
Egy •¦ ' 11— — MMffinwiiiMiiM ¦'¦ 1 ¦..«£• 1
I k 7 '04. Meur 'Retst §VAIJLEJO. Jan. 14.— John Cox, an old resi
dent of Vallejo. wu found dead In his home
this afternoon by Chief Stanford. He had
made threats of suicide. Coroner McDonald
will bold an Inquest.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Jan. 14.— The most
serious accident that has resulted from
the combination of hsavy snowfall and
high winds occurred to-day, when, almost
the entire northern end of the new urie'e
drill hall of the Duke of Connaught's
Rifles collapsed. The hall was built to
forty-five feet In height and was sixty feet
wide. The scattered bricks represented
a loss said to approximate $4000.
Collapses Under 'Weight of Snow.
Fleming also holds that the f overnment
should pay for the transportation of post
office officials when traveling as passen
gers in passenger cars. Free transporta
tion for mall men should. h« holds, bt*
confined to mall cars.
concurring with the la*t named report,
except that it recommends the adoption
of railway mall payments in accordanco
with space occupied instead of by the
methods now prescribed by law.
Third, a report signed by Moody, which
declares that upon the evidence the ratt
way mall pay is not excessive, but rec
ommends further investigation as to the
prevailing methods of loading postal cars
and Inquiry Into th© question whether the
methods may not be corrected so as to
result in a saving without injtrry to the
carrier. In this report Catchlngs concurs.
Fourth, a report signed by Senator Mar
tin and Catchlngs, dissenting from the
views of the other members of the com
mission with regard to the discontinuance
of appropriations for special facilities.
Fifth, a report signed by Fleming. In
which he states that he thinks there
should be some reduction In the present
rate of railway mail pay, either by a 5
per cent reduction generally and a still
further reduction on the routes -where the
volume of traffic la greatest, or in case
the suggestions are not adopted, by
change in the special pay for postal cars.
Senator Chandler does not join In any
of the reports owing to his absence from
Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.-The Postal
Commission of the House and Senate,
which has been investigating postal mat
ters for the. lost two years, made its re
port to-day. The commission reports in
favor of excluding from the second class
mail rate — first, books, whether bound or
unbound; second, newspapers and periodi
cals unsealed sent by a news agent to an
other news agent or returned to the pub
lisher; third, sample copies of newspapers
above a certain small fixed proportion of
the circulation. The commission also
unanimously reports against the continu
ance of the service of transmitting mails
In pneumatic tubes under present •con
ditions. The commission unanimously re
ports that neither a change in letter post
age nor the establishment of a system
of parcels post is practicable under exist
ing cond'*'ons of revenue and expendi
ture, eve. '* otherwise desirable, upon
which no opinion is expressed.
Upon the question of railway mall pay
there are five reports: First, a report
signed by Senators Wolcott and Allison,
which declares that the present rate of
railway mall pay Is not excessive and
ought not to be changed, except by the
discontinuance of the appropriations for
special facilities, which It declares should
be discontinued.
Second, a report signed by Mr. Load,
Postal Commission Files R e
port After Long in
vestigation.
FAVORS CHANGES
IN MAIL RATES
VICTORIA, B. ;c, Jan. 14.— The steamer
Amur . brought news of a fire at Dawson
on January 6. . It was \ started in ; a build
ing occupied by .: Cribbs ; & Rogers, owned,
by Charles Bossnyth, and destroyed the
building and the west end. of s the Rainier
building, the property of Max Lang, and
the Rainier Hotel, owned by Murphy Bros.
The firms Involved were Rudy Kalenborn,
druggist; the Bonanza meat market, Ant
ler's restaurant, > San !i Francisco < oyster
house and. Crjbb* & Rogers. -Loss $50,000.
Fire at Dawson.
Mudgett was the only Democratic
county ." officer -elected, last November,
claiming twelve plurality over Smith. The
Republicans appealed and are now await
ing the decision of the Supreme Court.
SPOKANE, Jan. 14.— A hand-to-hand
fight for possession of the County Treas
urership took place at the courthouse this
morning between" the forces of A. : L--
Smith, Republican, ; and George Mudgett,
Democrat. ; Smith's forces took possession
early this morning, locking all the 'doors.
Mudgett Jumped in through the - window,
and . let In his deputies. ' He then tried \ to
enter the \ Treasurer's private office. ;; A"
scuffle ensued,' during which the vault was
locked; Smith's ;.. men . ' holding, the . keys.
Both men are now : camping in the office,
each.with a full force of deputies. \
Two Men Claim County Treasnrersnlp
. at Spokane.
FIGHT FOR AN OFFICE.
BTJTTE, Mont.;' Jan. M.^^-George Mohard,
•who claimed to have been shot and robbed
of labor . union funds by two highwaymen
last '* night,"-, has been found to be short
several ; hundred , dollars : in his ' accounts
with the Trades and Labor Assembly. The
police also found a gun near the scene of
the alleged robbery which has been identi
fied as Mohard's.^ The hammer was rest
ing on an empty shell. It is now believed
by ,* the * police - that Mohard * tried „ to kill
himself and . told the story . of the robbery
and shpotlng to cover bl» shortage. -:
Himself and Then Said He Had
Been Robbed..
Police Believe He Attempted to Bill
MOHARD WAS SHORT
IN HIS ACCOUNTS
BAN BAFA5L, Jan. 14.— At a meeting
of the Ban Rafael Board of Trade to
night B. L. Ryder explained the plans of
the California Automobile Company, of
which he is vice president and : general
manager, in . reference to the proposed
factory to be established here. M. F.
Cochrane announced that " the : local sub
scription of $10,000 had been practically
raised. Within fifteen days after the full
sum shall have been subscribed the erec
tion of ;th6 factory will begin. The board
elected the following officers for the year:
President;* H. : A., Gorley; vice president,
H. C. Gieske; treasurer,^Arthur Scott;
secretary, D. Martens; general represen
tative, M. F. Cochrane. .
San Rafael Assured of Automobile
Factory.
BONUS ALMOST RAISED.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Villa Park, Orange
County, John H. Adams, postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned: Charles F.
Rehwald, Bayha, Shasta County. Ap
pointed:. James C. Truesdale, Cholame.
San. Luis Oblspo County, vice Fleming D.
MIze, resigned ; L. F. Lewis, Hesperla,
San Bernardino County, vice Jessie F.
Lewis, deceased; Dora Mallory, Wasloja,
Santa Barbara County, vice Smith K.
Kline, resigned; Marietta Loftus, West
Point. Calaveras County, vice Hipolith E.
Blenchemln, resigned.
Oregon — Vada Mcore, Ironsides, Mal
heur County, vice Thomas H. Roberts, re
signed.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
Benjamin F.- Longwell, Ontario, $6. Wid
ows — Angellne Harger, San Francisco, $8.
• Washington Increase — David W.
Strouse, South Park, $8.
sions Granted.
Postofflce Changes and Idst of Pen-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
EUREKA. Jan, 14.— A. C. Lewis, con
victed of manslaughter for the fatal stab
bing of H. C. Heffly. a half-breed, at
Hydesville, on the evening of August 16
last, was to-day sentenced by Judge
Hunter to seven years' imprisonment.'
Lewie stabbed Heffly with a pocket-knife
because Heffly defended a bov Lewis was
tnnoyins.
Seven Years for Manslaughter.
beer); bridal chorus, "Lohengrin" (Wag
ner), sung by the choir.
Just as the tones of the "Lohengrin'
march breathed softly forth the two
clergymen— Rev. George F. Beattle. rec
tor of the church, and Rev. G. Brlnloy
Morgan, rector of Christ Church at New
Haven— entered from the side door, fol
lowed by the bridegroom and his brothc,
Reginald Vanderbilt, the best man. At
the same time the bridal procession start
ed up the main aisle, the ushers leading,
followed by the four bridesmaids.
Eight personal friends of the bride
groom acted as ushers. They were Worth
ington Fitzhugh Whitehouse, Frederick
Martin* Davies, Robert Livingstone Gerry,
Ord Preston, Ernest Iselin. W. P. Borden,
Potter Palmer Jr. and W. Bayard Cut
ting Jr.
The bridesmaids were Miss Pauline
French, the bride's niece; Miss Elsa Bron
son, daughter of the late Frederick Bron
son; MIrs Isabel C. Stlllfnan, daughter of
Jrmss Stillman of New York, who shortly
will become the bride of Percy Avery
Rockefeller, ar.d Miss F.dith Gray, daugh
ter of Judpe Gray of Albany.
The bridesmaids' gowns were of pearl
gray crepe de chine combined with liberty
gauze of the same color. Their hats were
also of gray, elaborately frilled, with a
knot of gold In front. Each carried a bou
quet of American Beauty roses. The maid
of honor. Miss Gladys Vanderbilt, sister
of the bridegroom, wore a similar gown,
although more modest In detail.
Some distance behind walked the bride,
leaning on the arm of her brother, Amos
Tucker French. The bride's gown was of
rich ivory white satin, the skirt having a
train more than ' three .• yards In length.
The long, close-fitting sleeves of satin
were finished with deep cuffs of exquisite
lace. The high collar, of the corsage was
of lace. The bottom of the skirt around
ALFRED GWTNNE VANDER
BILT AND HIS PRETTY
BRIDE.
The programme of the organ concert,
which occupied the hour preceding | th»»
ceremony, was selected by Miss French.
The choir boys of the church marched In
quietly at 11:20 and led In two of - the
hymns assigned to them. The programme
was as follows: Overture, "Tannhauser"
(Wagner); festival prelude (Gulrand);
serenade CSchubert): hymn, "O Perfect
Love" (Jeffrey), eung by the choir: Coro
nation march, "Le Prophete" (Meyer-
NEWPORT, R. I., Jan. H.—Al
though in the depth of winder,
this well-known watering place
to-day took on a semblance of
its summer gayety because of the
wedding of Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt.
probably the most wealthy of the third
generation of the Vanderbilt family, an I
Miss Elsie French, a charming Newport
girl and former playmate of the bride
groom, the daughter of Mrs. Frederick
Orme French, a resident of the city for
many years. A brighter sun never shone
, for any bride, and in spite of a crispnes3
I in the air, it did not seem to be a winter's
! day.
The ceremony took place at neon in the
j Zabriski Memorial Church cf St. John the
Evangelist, far up in the eld north par 1 ,
of the city, on Narragar.sett Eay, once
j the center of Newport's fashion, but no*
< far removed from the social whirl of
I Bejlevue avenue. Miss French made the
choice of her own place of worship ar.d
her own home for the scene of the mar
riage, instead of selecting the more pre
tentious but less famll;ar surroundings
which would have been found in New
J York. Under these conditions the hundred
j or more guests were forced to make a
j journey to a city as quiet at this time ot
the year as an obscure country village.
The festivities, however, did not suffer
j from these unusual circumstances. The
j cnurcn was decorated with gorgeous lav
1 ishness, but was only about half filled
with guests, the invitations having been
limited to relatives and close friends of
tne couple. The service was as ornate as
the highest forms of the Episcopal church
can make it, the wedding procession a pic
ture of loveliness and tine gowns, and tn«
breakfast, which closed the formal pro
ceedings of the day. was one of the grand
est ever served in this city.
Although the ceremony was set for
noon, an hour or more before that time
saw the arrival of some of the guests at
the church and those who came about 11
o'clock had the pleasure of listening to
an organ concert and found leisure to
marvel at the floral decorations. Pink,
green and white in many charming com
binations were the prevailing colors, the
distinctive flowers being the Glolre de ia
Reine begonias, the Golden Gate roses
with white azaleas and the specimen
palms.
The center aisle was a lane of begonias
and asparagus, standards eight feet high
being trimmed with the feathery foliage
cf the latter at regular intervals from the
entrance to the chancel. Baskets of deli
cate pink flowers depended from the
standards. Specimen palms thirty feet
high towered high above the altar. Inter
spersed among the foliage which banked
them were great clusters of white azaleas
and medallions of Golden Gate roses. On
the altar was an immense cross of As
cension lilies.
"The General Miles suite, so called, was
assigned to Mr. and Mrs. Vanderbilt. Din
ner was sent to the apartments."
¦ - • -¦ - ¦#¦ ¦• ¦•¦¦•¦
BOSTON, Jan. 14 —Mr. and Mrs. Alfred
Gwynne Vanderbilt are believed to be
stopping at the Hotel Somerset to-night,
although no one at the hotel will admit
that they are here. ;
The Post to-morrow will say: "The
bridal couple came here In a special train,
were unobserved at the terminal station
when they left the train and were un
attended. From the rear car two trunks
were handed out. One bore the Initials
"E. F." and the other "A. G. -V." This
was the only baggage carried. Calling one
of the -public carriages the husband called
out, "To the Touralne." However, Mr.
Vanderbilt soon changed his mind and
was driven to the Westminster. Again a
change In the programme was made, and
instead of alighting here fresh orders were
given and the carriage rapidly drove past
the * public library and finally halted In
front of the Hotel Somerset. The clerks
were surprised when Mr. Vanderbilt pre-
Bented himself and asked that his pres
ence at the hotel be kept a secret.
moon at the Hub.
Vanderbilt and Bride Begin Honey-
ABE LOCATED IN BOSTON.
the long train was trimmed with tulle and
sprays of orange blossoms. The bridal
veil, entirely covering the gown, and, fall
ing to the end of the train, was a magnifi
cent piece of Brussels point lace, and was
the same veil worn bv her sister when the
latter married General Eaton in England
ten years ago. The bride carried a bou
quet of white orchWs and. lilies of the val
ley. No Jewels were worn.
At the altar Mr. VanderbUt met his
bride. Together thay stood before the
steps of the chancel until Dr. Morgan had
finished reading the betrothal portion of
the service, when they ascended into the
chancel, and at the altar Dr. Seattle com
pleted the ceremony and pronounced them
husband and wife. The Mendelssohn
"Wedding March" was played as the wed
ding procession moved down the aisle and
out of the church. The ceremony occupied
about seven minutes.
For the reception Harbor View, the resi
dence of Mrs. French, had been prepared
with great care. The broad verandas, all
Inclosed In Klass, were lined with small
pine trees, while within the house brilliant
flowers met the eye. The bride and groom
received their friends -while standing In
the large hall beneath a canopy composed
entirely of Golden Gate roses. The Poin
cette, the crimson Mexican Christmas
flower, was the prevailing feature of the
decorations In the dining: room.
At the conclusion of the wedding break
fast a number of toasts were drunk to the
health and happiness of Mr. and Mrs.
Vanderbilt. The bridal pair left later In
the afternoon on their honeymoon trip.
Among the prominent guests were: Mrs.
Cornelius Vanderbilt, the mother of the
groom, gowned in mourning; Mrs. Fred
erick Orme French, the bride's mother;
William K. Vanderbilt. • Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick W. Vnnderbilt, Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Payne Whitney. Mrs. Elliot F.
Shepard, M.r. and Mrs. McKay Twombley.
Dr. and Mrs. Seward Webb. General and
Mrs. Hubert F. Eaton. Baroness Selliere,
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Merrill. Mrs. Hermann
Oelrlchs. Mr. and Mrs. Charles G. Alex
ander, Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin C. Porter
and Mrs. Potter Palmer of Chicago. ,
Service Held According to the Highest Forms of the Epis
copal Church, and the Wedding Procession Is a
Picture of Loveliness and Fine Gowns.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 14.— Mayor Martin has
Instituted a crusade against saloons that
women are allowed to frequent. This
caaif as a sensation to the City Council at
its meeting this morning, when his Honor
presented a message closing side entrances
to saloons. The move was brought about
by the assault upon and brutal treatment
leceived by Marie Staten at the hands of
three your.g roughs a few davs ago.
In hie message Mayor Martin says that
a woman was recently Induced to enter
a saloon, and was assaulted, beaten and
robbed, and in the wide publicity of the
fact the good name of San Jose for peace
end order has been called into question.
In the past few months he has noticed
considerable increase in these side doors
and ladies' entrances and their unmis
takable signs of invitation to the un
wary, and that the preservation of the
morals of the unsophisticated demands
their suppression.
The matter was referred to the Ordin
ance Committee.
The police, under the direction of Chief
Kidwartl. are arresting all dissolute char
acters Uith the hope of freeing the town
of touts, "fiends" and degraded women.
Twenty-five warrants were sworn to to
day charging various persons with va
grancy, and about sixty more will be is-
Fued to-morrow. As soon as the culprits
are arrested they are taken into court
where they are given a chance to either
leave Mwn or i>e prosecuted. All agree to
leave. In this way it is hoped to free the
c:ty of /his undesirable class.
Br^.al Dispatch to The Call
Mayor Martin Orders Side
Entrances to Saloons
Closed.
REFORM WAVE
HITS SAN JOSE
PARIS, Jan. 14.— In the Chamber of Dep
uties to-day the Government was Inter
pellated by Marcel Zambat. Radical So
cialist, on the "interference of the Pope
in the domestic affairs of France," as
shown in the recent letter of the Pope to
Cardinal Richard, the Archbishop of
Paris, deallnsr with the proposed bill of
the Premier, 34. "Waideck-Kousseau,
known as the law of associations, and
aiming; at the suppression of religious
communities, in whicn the Pontiff detend
«d the religious orders. M. Za-mbat asked
the Government to protest against this
letter.
AL Ribot, the former Premier, defended
the Pope, mho, he said, was entitled to
raise his voice when h.e thought religious
Interests were in Deril.
The statement called forth cheers from
the liightists and Centrists.
The entire session was spent in discuss
ing the interpellation of St. Zambat, the
debate closing with a declaration by M.
\Valdeck-Roussea.u. who said the Govern
ment saw no threat in the Pope's letter
as to the missions in the East.
"The letter of his Holiness." said the
Premier, "simply said if the French mis
sionaries disappeared they would be re-
Viaced by foreign missionaries.
"The Government will not tolerate the
organization of resistance apanist the
laws of the country. No Interference on
the part of the Pope will be allowed in the
law of associations when it is voted upon.
The Pope has rights as the spiritual bead
of Catholics, but the state also has rights
written In the concordat, which it will see
respected."
This declaration rallied around the Gov
ernment all the Leftists and Centrists,
who voted a poll of the Premier's declara
tions by 4£9 to 95, and confidence In his
firmness to assure the defense of the
ricrhts of the state.
The Chamber then adopted a resolution
embodying both paragraphs.
Other extremist motions, one proposing
the separation of church and state and
enother proposing to denounce the con
cordat, were rejected by overwhelming
majorities.
The Chamber was crowded with Deputies
end notable visitors !n the expectation
that the debate on the law of associations
would be begim. To-day's resolution has
greatly elated the Ministerialists, who de
clare that it presages victory for the law
cf associations.
Arouses Hot Discussion in
French Chambtr of
Deputies.
Sibot Defends His Holiness, Who He
Said Is Entitled to Raise His
Voice in Defense of Be
ligious Interests.
ZAMBAT OBJECTS
TO POPE'S LETTER
ALFRED GWYNNE VANDERBILT
AND MISS ELSIE FRENCH MADE
HUSBAND AND WIFE AT NEWPORT
J A. Filcher. secretary of the State
Board of Trade, addressed the convention.
He said that If the prejudices of the
French could be brushed aside France,
which was a nation of wine drinkers,
would offer a great market for California
wine. It was a fact not generally known.
vBaid Mr. Filcher, that in France good
wines commanded as high a price as they
did In this country, and the masses drank
the vilest product imaginable. He dwelt
upon the good results of the exhibits of
California wines and fruits at Paris, and
said that markets were being found for
our products In all parts of the globe.
The afternoon session closed with a talk
on "Immigration" by "William E. Smythe,
vice president of the "Water and Forest
Association. Mr. Sraythe defined the
classes of immigration which came to Cal
ifornia and suggested means of keeping It
here. The address evoked a general dis
cussion.
Order of' Business— Will S. Green, Colusa;
H. B. Stabler, Yuba; John A. New, Fresno;
M. R. Beard, Sacramento; C. N. Tilson,
Modesto.
Resolutions — E. D. Cbsper, Kings City; Ben
M. Maddox, Tulare: Senator 8. E. Smith,
Kern; Orln S. Henderson, San Joaquin; Ra
leigh Barcar, Solano.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 14.— At the Sutter
Club to-njght the Sacramento Chamber
of Commerce held open house to the dele
gates in attendance upon the joint conven
tion of the Sacramento and San Joaquin
"Valleys Development Associations, which
was called to order this afternoon. There
were present many members of the Legis
lature, and the hours between 8 and 11
were pleasantly and profitably spent. The
serious work of the Joint convention will
not take place until to-morrow, although
a beginning was made at this afternoon's
brief session.
The convention was called to order by
Will S. Green of Colusa who said that it
was within the power of the present gen
eration to lay 'n the Sacramento and San
Joaquin valleys the foundation of a vast
empire. Arthur R. Brlggs of Fresno was
chosen chairman of the convention and
F. E. Wright secretary. Chairman Brlggs
appointed the following committees:
Sacramento and San Joaquin
Associations Meet at the
Capital.
VALLEY CLANS
IN CONVEITION
"Captain Hall said: 'I am sorry,
madam, that they are not polite, but tha
1s a matter I cannot control' or words to
that effect. She then said. "They are loaf
ers.' 'No,' said Captain Hall, 'no one here
has any time to loaf.' " _: >
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N. W.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— A letter re
ceived here from a naval officer indicates
that Captain Hall, accused of cowardice
at Peking, is a victim of petticoat diplo
macy. Captain Hall was in command of
the marines from July 3, when Captain
Meyers was wounded, until the siege of
Peitlng ended.
"I believe the charges," said the naval
officer, "grew out or the fact that the
marines would not take on* their hats to
the. wife of the First Secretary. There
was much feeling on the part of non-com
missioned officers and privates against the
Kirst Secretary and his wife and Justly
in my opinion.
"It -seems that the Chinese steward of
Mr. Conger told our marines that thero
had been a row between Mrs. Conger antl
the wife of the First Secretary becau.se
Mrs. Conger wanted to send the marines
on the wall some of the canned goods
which the marines had themselves cap
tured and turned into the general store
in the British Legation. Mrs. First Sec
retary refused to send anything, and so,
according to the Chinese steward, the
ladies stopped speaking to one another.
"Our marines thus got the impression
that Mrs. Conger was their friend and
that the' wife of the First Secretary was
not, and the marines used to stand at at
tention when Mrs. Conger passed in at the
Legation gate, while they did not when
the First Secretary's wife entered.
"One day during the siege, as the wife
of the Secretary passed through the Lega
tion gate from the British Legation and
the marines did not stand at attention, she
took them to task, calling them 'bums
and tramps' and saying that they wero
not fit to be soldiers.
"Passing into the Legation grounds and
seeing Captain Hall asleep in a chair she"
awakened him by calling, 'Captain Hall,
your men do not salute me. They are
Boers.'
Special Dispatch to The Call
Blames the Wife of the First Secre
tary, Who, He Says, Considered
Herself v Slighted by the
Marines.
Naval Officer's Story of
Charges Against the
Captain.
HALL A VICTIM
OF PETTY SPITE
We have the ; prettiest lot of • ready
framed pictures in Flemish, old Dutch,*
ebony and gold that we have ever shown.:
Also fine lamps, brass tables and - statu
ary. Prices reasonable. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street.* •
Beady Framed Pictures.
After knocking Axe senseless and rob
bing him of $50 and his Watch Scripter.
came to Germantown, where he procured
a team of H. Holtorf and "went to "Wil
lows. He stayed In Willows , Saturday
night and Sunday morning started north
He stopped at Ell Blake's for dinner, at
which place he changed the bridle oi
his horse, the better to conceal himself,
as 'the bridle which he had contained the
letters "H. H." on the rosette. Yesterday
afternoon at 3 o'clock he was at W. D. .
Brown's, about five miles east of this
place, where he was trying to sell Bibles
and incidentally the horse and buggy.
Just north of this • place, near St. John,
all trace of the culprit was lost. Con
stables Buell of Germantown. Klncald of
Willows and Clark of Orland are on the
track of ScrlDter. . ¦
GERMANTOWN, Jan. 14.— John Ax«
now lies at the point of death in. the Hotel
Royal at Orland as the result of the scalp
wounds inflicted on Saturday evening by
John Scripter.
the Point of I>eath.
Victim of the Fugitive Bobber Is at
SEARCHING FOB SCBIPTEB.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 14.— Fire at 4 o'clock
this morning destroyed the seven-room
cottage on West Sycamore street belong
ing to Alba Wyman. One evening., last
week a party of Rebekahs returning from
Soquel passed this dwelling just in time
to save It from destruction. The interior
had been saturated with kerosene and a
flre had been started. This morning's con
flagration was started in the same man
ner. John Rhodes, who first discovered
it. found the whole interior a blazing fur
nace.
Mr. Wyrnan, who owned the residence,
is an old man and resides next door. He
sleeps on the opposite side of the house
and is very deaf. He did not hear the
crackling of the flames and Rhodes broke
into the house and awakened him. The
s._e of the house he occupied had already
caught fire/ but the flames were extin
guished after it had been badly scarred.
Smallpox Among Indians.
VANCOUVER, Jan. .14.— A special from
Ashcroft, B. C, says " that ' three well-de
veloped cases of smallpox are reported *o
have broken out amonsr the Indians on
the reservation near Quesnell*. The place
has been Quarantined.
Owned by Alba Wyxnan Is
Successful.
Second Attempt to Destroy a Cottage
HTCENBIABY BULZE*
AT SANTA CRUZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TlfESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1901.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Among the many famous cures of
Swamp-Root investigated by The Call,
none seem to speak higher of the wonder-
ful curative properties of this great kid-
ney remedy than the one we publish this
week for th© benefit of our readers.
"You have no Idea how well I feel. I am sat-
isfied that I do not need any more medicine, as
I am In as good health as I ever was In my
life." So says Mrs. Mary Engelhardt. of 2S3S
Madison street, St. Louis, Mo., to a reporter of
the St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
"For more than ten years I had «offered with
what the doctors termed female trouble: also
heart trouble, with swelling: of the feet and
limbs. Last summer I felt so badly that I
thought I had not long to lire. I consulted
doctor after doctor and took their medicines,
but felt no better. The physicians told m« my
kidneys were not affected, but I felt sure that
they were the cause of my trouble. A friend
recommended me to try Dr. Kilmer** Swamp-
Root, and I must say I derived Immense benefit
almost from the first week. I continued the
medicine, taking: it regularly, and I am now in
splendid health. The pains and aches have all
pone. I have recommended Swamp-Root to
all my friends, and told them what It has done
for me. I will gladly answer any one who de-
sires to write me regarding my case. I most
heartily Indorse Swamp-Root from every stand-
point. There is such a pleasant taste to Swamp-
Koot, and It goes right to the weak spots and
drives them out of the system."
MRS. MART ENGELHARDT.
HOW tO Find Ollt .. I ,!, 11 fS d to *>« considered that only urinary
¦ a */ n\ j S? d ,% adder w troubles were to be traced to
If You Need & W SSS BfJKLStEL SSFUKK
.h..^? mp v" R ? ot / ™. ai K32S.'" if'" SS'iSBSrSi "S1SSL
that Is their work. So when your kidneys are weak or out of order vou can
"0 fan t a o n do nl duty y y ° Ur enUre *** ls affected - and how ever? orU°seems
K-n™2°H, are 8l^ °i ,T feel ba^y." be&ln taking the famous new discovery. Dr
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kidneys are well they will helo all
the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one
Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease Is not cor-
o« C , t i?n? nd £ 8 f t00d - T1 J^ re ! t d to bell 1 ve that womb trouble or female weakness
of some sort Is responsible for the many ills that be3et womankind
? i-^ 6^ 1^ Bla ". nervo , USI »ess. headache puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
tism, a dragging pain or dull ache in the back, weakness or bearing down sensal
iftvft 0 '" 8 .? ° r SC u£ ty S HF, ply of « rin !' wlth stron S odor « frequent deslretj ?ats
-i ( If th K re *'# any doubt In your mind as to your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place It In a glass or bottle and let it stand twenty-four
hours. If on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there is a brickdust settling, or
if small particles float about in it. your kidneys are In need of immediate attention
Other symptoms showing that you need Swamp-Root are sleeplessness dizzi-
ness, irregulax heart, breathlessness, sallow, unhealthy complexion, plenty of am-
bition but no strength.
Swamp- Root Is pleasant to take and is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians in their private practice, and is taken by doctors them-
selves, because they recognize in It the greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound. <•"<•¦•.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can t)ur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar bottles at the drug stores everywhere
E:Di-rOF>i«L NOTlCR.- Swamp-Root, the great Kidney. Liver and
Bladder remedy, is so remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been
made by which all our readers who have not already tried It may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mall. Also a book telling all about kidney and blad-
der troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and wamen cured by Swamp-Root. Be sure and
mention reading this generous offer in The San Francisco Dally Call when ««en<tine
your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blngbamton, >f. Y.
Swamp-Root will do Just as much for
any housewife whose back ia too weak
to perform her necessary work, who ta
always tired and overwrought, who feels
that the cares of life are more than sho
can stand. It Is a boon to the weak and
ailing:.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney
Remedy, Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The
Call May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Women as Well as Men Suffer and Are Made
Miserable by Kidney and Bladder Troubles,
WOMAN'S KIDNEYS
f" v/lTliml 1 kJ 11.11/1 \LJ Si kJ*
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
cloth binding, sent free by the atthor,
on receipt of 31 one-cent stamps, to pay
expense of mailing only. In paper covers
21 one-cent stamps. Address J)x. R V.
IHerce. Buffalo, N. Y.
•"Your 'Golden Medical Discovery* and Dr.
Sage's Catarrh Remedy have l«en of great
txMiefit to me." writes (Prof.) Pleasant A. Oliver,
of Vio^, Fultoa Co., Ark. « Before I nsed tbc
above laentioaed rcxaedics my sleep wm not
•ound ; digestion bad ; a continual feeliag of
misery. I now {e*l »V«* a new man. Anyone
ia reed of medical treatment for nasal catarrh
could do no better than to talte treatment of
Dt. R. V. Pierce. I kaow his medicines are all
ripht in this class of diseases." HK&BI
GET HPF
That's the morning call of Chanticleer.
It's a welcome cry to a well man. But
to a man whose sleep
scans to have been
only an unrefreshing \\f%
ftupor ; •who wakes Vf/A
with burning eyes, &H* \Ltkf\\
throbbing bead, and <*£^i* \llvn
a bad taste in the "E^^s. v5S£0\
month, it means i^^'^^J^^^g
only a new day's B** jC^T%5vffiar
In st'.ch a physical
condition health is iF^*3?JtfF£Jl
most surely and /SMt^*^ Pj
swiftly restored by """^jy^-..,- ¦ -
the use of Doctor * rf ' tM W»
Pierce'sGolden Med-
ical Discovery. It '~* <y^^%fg|V
cures diseases of the :^T_l-i
etomach and organs ¦ s.^as»AJff
of digestion and nu- v v i|'(*#ra ! ]
trition, and it cures > M*^! !
through the stomach
diseases of liver, I
lungs, kidneys, etc., { "w^.g^ .[
which have their
origin in a diseased condition of the
stomach and other organs of digestion
and nutrition. It increases the activity
of the blood-making glands, and every
organ is benefited by the resulting in-
crease of rich, pure blood.
¦ Golden Medical Discovery S contains
no alcohol and is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and other narcotics.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
"JJIj
I WELSBACH LIGHT
H WITH GAS-SAVING REGULATOR Eh
I Reduces Cost of Lighting 8356% <§
H 50% Saving in Gas 300% Increase' in Light |!
I WELSBACH .COMPANY ITHE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACKTKAOK. MONDAY, SAXVAKT 14.—^Xriit^tr^SlSyfi^-^Zli^Lill^i^i-^^
2<i42. FIHPT RACE— Six luriones; selling; feur-y^ar-olds an d up; puree, $So0.^
<PrIf~ j ~~^m^Bettlnu— : >
Inflfx iHorw, Agre. W>iRht.;Frt;sr_ V %. Str. Fin.) Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1«3" 'Monrovia, a, U<2\ lit 23 In 22 In IMounce 6 S 6 J
<727) Marcato, € JiMi 61 31 2 h Ih 23 jO'Connor ..] 6-5 2 2 4-5
1*2% iCasdale, h 104! 31" 74" «i2 41 31 Cotmrn 3 11-5 11-5 3-5
ICI FMd YnuHn. 4. .102: 5!S 4h 32 3 <4 43 |Ba«iini;er .. E IS 10 4
I60fi .Spike. 4 1«1| 7« 6h 53 56512 !.«iuart 7 12 12 4
1«3 Surr.rr.^r. 4 l"s| 83 lh 41 «1 62 jKiley 30 SO SO 20
1391 fCbariotU M. a..K'2; 4 4 S 7-^4 7 34 7 h IDominlck .. « 7 7 2
16« :Modwena._6 102! 2 5 I % 8 8 8 |J. Miller. ...| 15 SO 80 10
T:me— ' A . 2B; M, :M: \. 1:17^. Good stari Won first three driving. Winner, A. B.
BpntrkeW b. m. hj- Kirathm"r"-I^-ap FrOC. .Monrovia had a trace of the sp»<"l of her Kirl
hi**od Mfircs t o w*s f* n t r. fl** mu st v aftpr hl*« lonif t'^riof^ on the Fli'*lf. Coburn otl C.ns—
dale away poorly and marie a botch of it. Others outro-.tcd. Scratched— Mary Kinsella
!'2. Fu-jI Play P>. Juva ;02. Tir.jt-a-LirsR 9S.
10-18. hKCOND RACE— Mile anl 70 yard?; p°li:n*r; four-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
" |PO.< "- ~T 7 iiettlng —
Ind<>x j Horse. Ape, Weight. \¥mt\ St. H- 4- Ptr. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
Id pLomcaa. 4 Ml 41 23 11 14 13 'D"min!ck .. 2 6-2 9-5 9-20
ISS4 [Duabl«a«. 4 107! 11 4 4 242 2* ,'Mounce 6-5 2 9-5 1-8
3H34 Wa!I<T.s=te;n. 4 l*»«i S4 X 5 S 1 34 34 O'Connor .. 5-2 3 13-5 8-5
Ibt-6 iMaydine. 4 192i 2 2 __ 1 _ 1 * 23 4 4 iBasslnger .. 8 16 12 8
T : m*- 7C< yards, Si*-*:; H. :2r.'j: 14, :M l i: \. 1:174: mile. 1:45: lm 7«j-ds..l:49V4. Good start.
Won all out. Pecord and third driving. Winner, W. P. Macrnne'f b. h. hy Imp. Mld-
I<uh:jir:-Taluda. Stiff g-i'.ne tickJed the. fancy of Lomond. I>unblane cut in on Wallenstein
a furlong from home and was s<-t bark. Ma' dine started off well. Scratched — Klckurnbob
•J.I. -r>;t-q;:a:ified for fouling and plarrrl third.
KH4. THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlorps; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
~~Po7j T~~ "," Betting
Jndex !Hors« and Weight. Pst'St. %. %. Btr. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1631 !sol UchtensteIn..lOR] 7 | 2 ... 1 4 ... 11 iO'Connor ...1 I 2 9-6 4-5
«lfj'3 I>oren« UOj fi,4 ... zl ... 2 6 Jenkins .... $-5 6-1 6-2 1
1*2S Minerva 105; 10 I 1 ... 2 1 ... 3 3 IRuchanan .. 10 20 20 7
riCS) l^apidus 113: 3,3 ... 42 ... 43 >Mounce 3 5 58-5
Itel Mike fclurphy 1<VV g ! 5 ... 6 3 ... 5 g 'Stuart 1 10 20 20 7
I6J1 T>r. Betmxtt 1«' U 1 > ... 7 3 ... 6 H iBasslnper .. 8 10 10 4
.... Fred Atterberr>-..KC; 9 I 6 ... 6 4 ... 7 1 Brodlen .... 30 100 100 40
IS7I 'I^rphetta IK 1(7 ... 8 2 ... S3 Fauntleroy 30 l/« 100 40
1«S T»r. McXutt K* «;8 ... 9 4 ... 9 4 Dominick .. 7 10 10 4
iMonafUc 110 2 U ... 10 5 ... 10 6 'Coburn 8 25 25 10
Carson Beauty ¦¦¦l'J5i 4 ,11 ... 11 ... 11 'Danginan _._. SO 100 100 40
Time-3-16, :1&4; l\-J, :K%. Bad Mart. Won easily. P=rond and third driving. Winner.
Dr. H. E. Bowell'i blk. c. by imp. gt. G»oige-Ada. L.lohtpnstein, Laptdus and Minerva
only ones away in any sort of shape. Dorene made a twell run and would have given
wiener on ars'Jrnerjt. I»r. poharfT has a woril of speed. Scratched — Tyranus 105.
W4S. FOURTH RACE— Six furloncs: four-year-olds ami upward; purse, 1400.
iPo.i j Yr~ ¦ BetUng
Index IHorse. Ape. Weight. jPst St. %. K- Btr. Fin. J Jockeys. J Op. HI. Cl. PI.
<lf££> Ordnung, 5 114! 4!21h 11 11 15 J. Miller 8-5 14-5 6-2 7-10
JG?<9 jFYank Bell. 5....ia<>; 3jl 32 24 21 2S Mounce 7-2 6 5-2 3-3
]f*39 Gibraltar, a 117J 6(5 42 35 33 38 ijenkins 8-5 2 9-5 1-2
.... St. Simonian, *..1W 6 J « 6 52 41 43 !N\ Turner... 4 7 5 8-b
1.-.52 <JreatIand. 5 112) 213 61 6 6 54 (Bassinser .. 20 40 40 10
Pr. Oave. 4 !"}« 1;4 2h 44 52 6 'J. 'W'nods 20 30 30 6
Time— ht. :25H; 4. :-0; *», 1:16'*. Bad Ftart. Won easily. Second and third drvlng. Wln
ner, J. F. Pchorr's ch. g. by Jim Gore or imp. Order-imp. Highland Lore. Ordnung went
off l!ke a bunch of firecrackers and made himself hard to catch. He is lS-karat Just now.
Frank Bel! heavily played. Oibraltar away none too well. Simonian couldn"t beat a
pair with three shakes. J~*r. C*ave had worlted fust.
1«4<?. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, J400.
I IPo-l j , Betting >
Inder jHorse. A*re, Weight. iPsti St. 14. hi. Ptr. Fin. ) Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
OC8) (Wjwnln*. a 113 6 14 J 3 4h 21 11 | O - Connor ... 2 9^ 4 6^5
1641 ;Pat Morrissej-. a.W; 211 13 12 14 2h JBuchanan .. 4 9-2 4 S-5
O«20 jfrchin. 4 U08 3 j 6 2h 23 44 81 Lj. Miller.... IS 25 25 S
163.% jGiand Parhem. «.10S| 5 1 2 4n 3n 3n 45 ICobum g S 8 3
3*24 IFr^e Lance, a 115 j 4[3 32 E2 5 6 52 IN*. Turner... 8 8 8 3
ICS Malay, 5 107 7 1 5 6 6 S 6 |Dominick ...' 1 13-10 13-10 1-2
Ittt Blo Chlco. t......ia6; ul 1 * 1U .._. 'Mounce ! 15 30 25 8
Time— V. 2S%: \i. :£1: \, l:17j mile. 1:44. Good start, except Rio Chico. Won first three
drivinp. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'t b. g. by Pardee-Caprice. O'Connor on winner rode
a perfect race. Pat Momssey pulled himself together after Saturday's bad accident,
t'rehin is a Tair one in the mud. Goinj- too sticky for Malay. A rest might do him
some grvod. *Left.
I»i47. SIXTH RACE: — Six furlong?: celling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. J400.
I |Po-i / Betting — .
Index Home, Age. Weight.; PstjSt. «4. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1^41 iPreetidiritator. 4. I'M! K!S 4 4 48 3n 14 IMounce ! 6-5 6^ 9^10 2^5
<l«2f) Isallne. 4 9«! 2 4 lh' 11 11 22 |lv>minick „.! 5 6 9-2 S-5
<1617) lEspirando. E VC 7'2 2n 2n 2V4 3h |Bassinger .. 4 10 10 3
VM iJfTidr 5 Jfi7i 6!I 35 33 41 42 jCoburn 4 4 4 6-5
1623 '.O*monrt. 5 l«4t 1|7 64 54 53 66 lO'Connor ... 6 12 12 4
ISM M;ke Rice, a 112. 3j« 7 «S «2 «4 ITnllett KO 100 100 30
JMcAlbert. 6 lWi 4 | 3 5 h 7 7 7 |J. T. Wood*! 60 200 100 60
Time— \. :24H: %i, :49U: "5*. U1S%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner. William CahiH's b. g. I??- RnsaeU>Act!ve. "Pre?ty" does some very attractive
ftuntf in the mud. Espirando i* also pounds better in slush. Jerid seized with heart fail
ure. Scratched— Meehanus 107, Native '.u.
Benefit for Ladies' Aid Society.
"A reading for the benefit of the Ladies'
Aid Society will be given "at the Howard
; Street" Methodist -Church on Friday even
i ini?.' i Mr». R. D.^Meeke, the talented dla
'ifcf artist and ventrlloauist. will anpear.
Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing: and developing
done in the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. - .• . . •
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. : 14.— Weather
clear; track heavy. Results:
One mile. Belllng-i-Deponan won, Dramburg
second. Silver Coin third. Time, 1:51V4.
One mil» and seventy yards, selling:— Callear
won, Valdez second, Zack Phelps third. Time,
1:58. ¦ ¦ ' - ¦' ¦ ' '¦ ¦ ¦¦ -•'
- One mile and a sixteenth— Indian won. Emigre
second. Admetus third. * Time, 1-.59V4.
Six furlongs, handicap— Senator • Beverldgre
won, Charley O'Brien 6econd, dales third.
Time, 1:21%-
Seven furlongs, sellinp— Palarm - won, , Boom
erock second. Locust Bloesom third. Time,
1:37V6- ' ¦¦¦¦¦•'• '• ' - ¦ " ¦ • ¦" * - .
Six furlongs, *ellini»r— Genera r Ma Kruder won,
Dousterswlvel second, THdoe third. Time, 1:21.
BOXING CONTESTS LIMITED.
Supervisors Declare for Only .One
Professional Exhibition a Mpnth.
At a meeting of the Supervisors yester
day the board passed finally an amended
ordinance regrflating amateur boxing con
tests so that only one exhibition shall be
given in any one month by any club, and
then only in the gymnasium of the club
under whose auspices it is held. The or
dinance also limits the number of profes
sional boxing exhibitions to one eacn
month, under which rule the dubs will
have to take their turn.
BAY CITY CLUB MAKES
A BID FOR BIG FIGHT
President Lenhardt Telegraphs East
to William A. Brady — Amateur
, Boxers . Matched. M^'4
Charles Lenhardt, president of the Bay
City Athletic Club, telegraphed East to
William A. Brady, the well-known fight
promoter, and manager, and asked him If
he could sign Jeffrle3 and Ruhlin to fight
before the local club in March next. "Len
hardt sent the dispatch after consulting
with the directors of .the club. He said
the Bay City Club was ready to offer a
substantial purse to get Ruhlin and Jef
fries to box In this city. The club is
awaiting Brady's reply and if It ia a, fa
vorable one it will immediately" enter : into
negotiations with the fighters. Jeffries
and Ruhlin have fought in this city and
both are certain of having a fair deal.
On Tuesday evening. January 22, the
first amateur entertainment will be pre
sented by the club in its gymnasium on
O'Farrell street. "Spider" Joe Welsh will
box Bob Thompson at 115 pounds; Fred
Bell and Sailor Sharkey will battle at 135
pounds: Jack Murray and "Kid" Chena.
the pride. of Telegraph' Hill, will box four
rounds at 120 pounds; Joe .Butler and Ed
Jones are. to box at 165 pounds; Mike Mc-
Clure and "Indian" Joe Gregg are to bat
tle : at 145 .pounds: , : Frank sN«al and
"Young" - Jack Kane '-, are ; to : go at 105
pounds; Archie Dean and Nobby Otts are
to box at 135 pounds. The main event, wijl
be '¦ furnished by Frank : Wall • and George
Fuller.- Both Iad3 will: enter the ring
weighing 128 i pounds.: ; All ; the contestants
will go into immediate training. The club
intends putting Its clubrooms : In : good
condition -and > will give ¦ the public -some
rattling fistic entertainments.- • • ¦¦ ¦
Jack Gleason Defeats "Billy" Ken-
BRILLIANT HANDBALL
PLAYED BY AMATEURS
nedy in a Sensational
Game.
Interest in the handball tournament now
on at the Olympic Club is on the increase.
The attendance at the games last night
was very large and the spectators waxed
enthusiastic over fierce rallies and clever
play*. The best exhibition of tha evenm*
was put up* by ••Billy" Kennedy ana
"Jack" Gleason. The latter won two
straight, but his victory did not come easy
to him. Neither Gleason nor Kennedy
have spoken to each other in a year anu
through the fortunes of the tournament
both were pitted together last night. Not
a word was uttered during the "rubber"
but both "sawed wood." Gleason was in
splendid form and he played "wrinkles'"
around Kennedy. Kennedy resorted to
the overhand "swipe," while Gleason us*>a
the underhand stroke to better advantage
Gleason "killed" the ball at every oppor
tunity and placed it with unerring aim
The first game went to Gleason by a score
Of 21-6. . :
In the second Kennedy forgot his sore
hands, wiped the fog off his glasses and
played harder. Two or three times the
score was "up-sticks" and neither player
could: gain an advantage. Gleason then
got back his winning serve and ran out
The game was a brilliant one and every
good play was generously applauded
Score:, Gleason 21, Kennedy 11.
The preceding games, .however, wero
one-sided. Henry Russ beat John Tate by
a score of 21-10: 21-11. George Littlefiel 1
defeated Tom Slevin 21-9: 21-6.
The losers will play to-morrow evening
M. Rosenfeld. and : R. . Bowman arV
matched;: John Tate ; plays "Bill" Ken
nedy; T. Slevin plays T. Kennedy, and
Thomas Walsh will play Ottie Crable.
• Fred Butz,* Jack Gleason or W. Cart
wright are fancied by /the wise ones tf>
win the tournament. *
George White, a roofer by occupation
and 65 years of age, was fatally Injured
yesterday forenoon at 453 Brannan street
in front of a new building. White, with
Other men, was at work on the building
when a large beam was being hoisted In
a sling to tne second story. While tho
sling was being raised the beam slipped
from its fastening and came down with
a crash, hitting White, who was standing
under it.
The Injured man was removed to the
Emergency Hospital and there Dr. Dorr
found that many of his bones were«brok
en. Those of his left leg were broken in
three places. There was a fracture of th
right leg and besides his ribs on both sides
were broken and driven into his body The
injured man died in three hours after his
arrival in the hospital.
Tne deceased llved at 32^ Welch street.
His body was removed to the Morgu<*
where an inquest will be held to ascertain
who, if any person, is responsible for the
accident.
George White Is Crushed by
Timb?r That Drops From
a Sling.
FALLING BEAM
KILLS ROOFER
ATTRACTKD by a catrhy card of
f-vents, the Monday crowd at Oak
land met fairly good success in
picking winners. The track was
muddy, to be rure, but the mud
larks in most instances ran true to form,
and nearly all of the hooks quit behind on
the afternoon's pp^-oulatlng. Three of th<*
eix favorites landed purses and the other
j=ucce?=lul horses wore not neglected.
Before many more moons roll around it
will be Fer^rally admitted Ordnung is a
last one. The Schorr horse picked up 114
pounds in the fourth, a Fix-furlong purse
run. and with J. Miller In the paddle left
nothing but a trail of smoke behind him.
Frank Bell, which had been heavily
played, coitld not get within speaking dis
tance, and Gibraltar, the favorite. waB
fortunate to finish third. All conditions
seemed to favor the winner, even the
price, which was as good as 14 to 5.
Old Monrovia, now eleven years old,
captured the opening six-furlong selling
event In a drive, from Marcato. The last
named horse has not been out since hia
breakdown last season, but the spot
looked such a soft one that he was in
stalled favorite. Mounce rode the winner
which was quoted at 8 to 1 in the ring.
There was an extensive play on CasdaJe
whose chances were spoiled by a verv
poor ride.
Billy Magrane's Lomond turned up wln
n-V ot tne mIle and seventy yard run.
J he bay horse was backed down from 5 to
2 to 9 to 5 and Domlnick had him out in
front all the way.
Dunblane, with Mounce up, and the
opening favorite, interferred with Wallen
stein down near the eighth pole and after
some deliberation the judges gave the
place to the latter horse.
With a decidedly green bunch to handle
in the two-year-old number. Mr. Cald
well s start was very ragged. O'Connor
on the favorite, Sol Lichtenstein. got
away all right, and won easily from
Dorene, the fast filly from the Burns &
\\ aterhouse etable. Minerva, which broke
away first, took the show from Lapidus
a vest pocket edition of hia sire. Sta"'*
Ruby.
Gaylon Brown's old horse, Wyoming
annexed the purse for the mile selling
run, with 4}A to 1 obtainable in the ring!
\\ innie O Connor had the leg up, and tim
iner his move perfectly, caught Pat Moi
rissey near the paddock, scoring by a
length. Malay, which opened an even
money chance, finished sixth. Dr. Row
ell p horee has had a surfeit of racing re
cently and besides was never seen at his
best over a track inclined to be holding
T.rchin. a 25 to 1 shot, ran into the show,
well ridden by J. Miller.
Both Meehanus and Native were
scratched from the concluding six furlong
Felling affair. This left Prestidigitator
the most likely looking one. and the Cahill
entry came in a very easy winner from
IsaJine and Espirando.
LADIES PLAY GOLF
ON PRESIDIO LINKS
for the Council's Cup for
Women.
Six Qualify to Enter Third Contest
Owing probably to the heavy condition
of the Presidio course the number of la
dies who entered the qualifying, round,
over eighteen holes, medal play, for the
third competition for the Council's cup
for women, held .yesterday, was small.
The following seven went around the
course twice: Mrs. R. G. Brown, Miss
Caro Crockett. Miss Alice Hager, Miss
Rome, Miss Maud O'Connor and Miss
Sarah Drum. The scores were pretty high
and were not made public. Miss Drum re
tired, leaving rix ladies to enter the open-
Ing round of the competition, which will
be played this morning, beginning at 9:30.
The contestants are matched as follows:
Mrs. PL G. Brown versus Miss Maud
O'Connor. Miss Ella W. Morgan versus
Mies Rowe and Miss Alice Hager versus
M!«5 Caro Crockett. Two or three of the
strongest players are conspicuously ab
sent from the above list, notably Miss
Alice Hoffman and Miss Maud Muflins.
On Sunday Robert Johnstone. the club
professional, and E. J. McCutchen de
feated John Lawson end B. D. A'damson
in a foursome.
. — ¦ *i ¦
STUART CONTEACTS FOR
AN ARENA IN CARSON
CARSON. New. Jan. 14.— Agent Weed,
acting for Dan Stuart, to-day signed con
tracts with a builder of this city to erect
an arena for a prizefight in May. The
arena Ip to have a seating capacity of
10.000 and is to be finished by May 1. The
building is to be roofed and substantial.
The contractor and Weed both filed bonds
to comply with the provisions of the con
tract. S»g«M«£»*rSS*8«Kis#iS««&K8!a
->¦¦..:¦¦:
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Track Notes.
Mounce and O'Connor each rode a pair
of winners.
Coburn is back from New Orleans and
again in the employ of Atkin & Lottridge.
Dunblane never showed any natural lik
ing for the mud and looked a false favor
ite for the second event.
The rich stakes of the Washington Pant
Club close to-day. Any information con
cerning same can be obtained from Start
er Dick Dwyer.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling:
1618 Mad Anthony.. 102 1630 Litl. Minch Jr.102
1508 Beautiful Bill. PS 1618 Ulloa 100
1594 Hindoo Princss 96 1630 Tlng-a-Llng .. 96
1257 Frank Woods.. 98 1624 Del Vlsts 98
1553 Free Pass 96 1577 Dr. Boyle 98
1370 Tom Sharkey...9S 15S9 Parmenlon .... 88
Second race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse:
1583 Maresa 117 1636 Follow Me 107
1384 George Deivey.107 16.08 Grafter 119
12S5 Lucldla 109 1636 Instante 105
151S Mamie Hldrth.109 1567 Kenllworth ....114
1638 Sublime 105 .... Blanda 105
1442 El Toplo 114 1632 Quiz II 122
Third race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds; sell
ing:
1626 Harry Thatchr 90/ 1617 Gusto 93
(1613)Sam Fullen.... 103 1515 Prejudice 103
1551 GHssando 1001
Fourth race— One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling:
1534 Fille d'Or 991 1615 Topmast .106
1615 Ulm lf>6 1628 Locochee 106
1637 None Such 1061
'Fifth race— Five and a half furlongs ; three
year-old fillies; selling:
1608 Loneliness ....102 1638 El Sonoro 102
1636 Companion ....107 1636 Libbie Elklns..lO7
1632 Nellie Forest.. 102 1638 Estelada 102
Sixth race — Futurity course; four-year-olds
and upward; selling:
1630 La Mascot la.. J Or. 1606 MacLaren .....106
1624 Gold Baron 107 1623 Flamero .......107
. 1621 Necklace 105 1630 Pilot 103
1546 Maud Fergusn.105 1587 Jennie Reid 105
1624 William F 103 1630 Dunboy 107
Probable Winners.
First race — Parmenlon, Frank Woods, Tlng
a-Llnu.
Second race— Kenllworth, Grafter, Quiz II.
Ttflrd race — Sam Fullen, Prejudice, Gllseando.
Fourth race — Locochee, Topmast, Ulm.
Fifth race— Nellie Forest, El Sonoro, Com
panion.
Blxth race— Necklace, Flamero, Maud Fergu
son.
"My lover's gone back on me, and I've
taken poison." H
With these words, addressed to her
brother, Florence Bell, a pretty girl of 18,
fell to the floor in the kitchen of Mrs.
Seres' milk ranch at Persia and Edin
burgh streets at 10 o'clock last night, and
died In a few minutes, having swallowed
carbolic acid.
The young woman seemed in her or
dinary mind to the occupants of the house
and no one had any idea that she would
seek her own life. Her brother, John Bell,
was standing in the kitchen when his sis
ter entered the room. She called to him,
and when he turned in response uttered
the above ¦words, immediately afterward
falling to the floor.
Medical aid was summoned, but the girl
was beyond human aid. having swallowed
a large dose of caroolic acid. The vial
used was afterward found in her room.
The man to whom the girl referred in
her last words to her brother is connected
with the quartermaster's department at
the xresidio. A few days ago the girl,
who was deeply in love with him, learned
that he was a married man. •
Mrs. Seres, with whom the girl had been
living. for the last ten months, is her Bis
ter. Another sister, Mrs. W. Turner, lives
at 1017 Lombard, street, and a brother is
with the army In the Philippines. The
body was removed to the Morgue. ¦
Die3 Because the Man. She
Loved Had Basely De
csived Her.
THE advance sale of seats for the
Root-Byers and Thurston-Cribb
fights, which are to be held at
Woodward's Pavilion on Friday
evening under the auspices of the
National Club, opened yesterday at 914
Mantet street, and the number of tickets
disposed of augurs well for the attend
ance.
That the men will enter the arena fit to
put up fast battles is evinced by the re
ports which come from their training
quarters. Jack Root of Chicago is pre
paring himself at Croll's Gardens. Ala
meda. and is already in fine fettle. His
opponent, George Byers of Boston, is
training with Charles Thurston at the
Ocean beach. Visitors to their quarters
come away favorably impressed with both
their chances of winning. Byers is said
to be very fast and extremely clever. He
Is possessed of a hard punch in either
hand and is full of confidence of beating
the clever Windy City boxer.
GIRL FALLS DEAD
AT BROTHER'S FEET
Alec Greggains, the local flght impre
sario, is so certain that Byers will win
that he has consented to go behind him
the night of the battle. Greggains is pay
ing clcse attention to his coming wonder,
"Dutch" Thurston. He boxes with the
"Flying Dutchman" every day and pro
tects his "dining apartment" with a pneu
matic pad, usually, worn by catchers in
the national game. Byers and Thurston
are down to weight and are well seasoned
for their coming fights.
Otto Crlbb, the Australian middle
weight, who is to battle Vlth Thurston, is
training at Blanken's. He assures his
friends that he will be in the ring fit to
go the route at any pace Thufston cuts
out for him. He is equally confident that
he will be returned a winner.
The curtain-raiser will be a four-round
bout furnished by Georgie Curran and
Thomas Woods. This match is a special
event. Each lad has put up a side bet of
150, and the winner of the bout is to take
the purse and side bet. There must be a
decision. Both lads are in training for
the event.
CLEVER JACK ROOT OF CHICAGO. WHO 13 SCHEDULED TO BOX
TWENTY ROUNDS WITH GEORGE BYERS. THE COLORED BOSTON
FIGHTER, ON FRIDAY NIGHT NEXT.
BY C) C. HIBBARD:
CORONADO BEACH, Jan. 14.-The ;
eighteenth annual trials of the Pacific
Coast Field Trial Club were begun on
North Island. Coronado. to-day. Eight
een dogs were run in the derby, a num
ber which has never been exceeded in the
Pacific Coast trials and has been equaled
but once in its history. Birds were found
in abundance, not packed in large bevies,
as was expected, but in small ones num
bering from ten to twenty, and in many
instances the work was done entirely on
elnsfles.
Tne day was exceedingly warm, with
not a breath of. air muvlng, rendering the
atmosphere very oppressive and leaving
apparently no scent from the btrds to
guide the dogs in their work. The result
was a day's sport with little "point" work,
compared with the number of birds
flushed by the dogs and spectators. The
cover on North Island "is too heavy in
many places to show the speed and range
of the does, while other portions, espe
cially that on the northern paxt of toe.
island, has excellent cover.
The first brace down this mornine was
Toa Sloan's pointer dog Prince OVisdom-
Wnisper; with C. E. Woraen's pointer
bucn jingle uoung Jingo-Pearl's L»ot ID.
This brace was cast on. at 8:15 a. m. and
was nut long in tinaing birds. Some point
work was done by eacn, but neither wouifl
honor me point ot nia adversary. Tney
were ordered up at 8:55.
The next orace was Stockdale Kennels'
pointer bitch Jac Cuba (.Cuba of Ken
wood-Ja<julna) with C E. Wilson's Eng
lish setter dog Clipper \V (Maries Sport-
Isabella Aiaiaj. Iney were ordered on at
9 o'clock and the point was made during
ihe heat by Jac Cuba.
Clipper VV* is a handsome dog, with a
high head, very speedy and a stylish goer.
He covered his ground with excellent
judgment, but seemed deficient in nose,
oraered up at 0:37.
W. \V. Van Arsdale's Count's Mark
(Count Gladstone IV-Feach Markj and,
Ueorge Wilcox's English setter dog Stam
ford (.ritamboul-Fannie S) were the next
brace uown. More point work was shown
in this heat than in any other during the
day, as Count's Mark, after the dogs had
found birds, which was in the latter part
of the heat, made five points in rapid suc
cession. The dogs were taken up after a
run of thirty minutes, which was the time
of all heats in the first series.
J. Terry's English setter bitch Lady
(Count Gladstone IV-Peach Mark) and W.
Wi Van Arsdale's pointer dog Dr. Daniels
(.Plain Sam-Dolly Dee II) were next down
and ran one of the best heats of the day.
Both worked their ground with good judg
ment, and while Lady showed much the
better speed and style the dog had a little
the better of the point work.
T. J. A. Tiedemann'a Knglish setter
bitch Northern Huntress (Joe Cummings-
Mecca) and P. D. Linville's English setter
bitch Maggie F (Count Gladstone IV-Lady
Rodschaft) ran the next heat, which
showed the best speed and range for
Huntress, while Maggie F was under bet
ter control and showed better nose.
C. E. Wardens pointer dog Doc (Sams
Bow-Fannette) and R. P. Schwerin's Eng
lish setter dog Peach Stone (Count Glad
stone IV-Peach Mark) followed with a
pointless point.
Stockdale Kennels' pointer dog Bows
Son (Sams Bow-Countess V) and Joe
Singer's English setter dog Lemon Ears
(Stamboul-Fannie S) ran the next heat,
which was all in favor of Bows Son.
S. Christianson's English setter dog Joe
BUSINESS MEN AID
THE FIGHT PROMOTERS
Members of Cincinnati Chamber of
Commerce Wish to See Jeffries-
Ruhlin Bout Pulled Off.
CINCINNATI Jan. 14.— The promote-s
of the Jeffries-Ruhlin contest here Febru
ary io had their inning to-day. Ruhlin
appeared in the matinee and again to
night i and was not molested. The Evan
gelical Alliance called off their jollification
'meeting as premature and the opposition
to the fight for the first time for over a
week was not heard from. Meantime, tbe
Saengerfest Athletic Association proceeti
ed with its work at the hall and let more
contracts. But the most important devel
opment in favor of the Saengerfest Ath
letic Association was the signing of a
petition by over 100 members of the Cham
ber of Commerce during its short noon
session in favor of pulling off the fight
here as scheduled. The business men are
nearly all with the club for the fight. Un
less the political leaders give an ultima
tum against the club the fight will be
pulled off here. •
ST. PAUL, Jan. 14.-^Governor Van Zant
to-day received a telegram from a Cincin
nati paper asking if the Jeffries-Ruhlin
fight could be pulled off in Minnesota if
it was stopped in Ohio. He replied as fol
lows:
"Jeffries and Ruhlin will not be allowed
to fight in Minnesota. No prize fight in
the State while I am Governor."
TOPEKA, Jan. 14.— Fifteen minutes af
ter Governor Stanley was sworn into office
for his second term to-day a telegram
from a Cincinnati newspaper was placed
In his hands reading as follows:'
"Please wire us whether you would al
low Jeffries and Ruhlin to fight a limited
number of rounds in your State, in case
the fight is prevented here."
To this tne Governor wrote the follow
ing reply:
"There will be no prize fight in Kansas
while I am Governor."
BEIFFS BUY FRUIT RANCH.
for Their Parents.
Jockeys Provide a California Home
SAN JOSE. Jan. 14.— Lester and Johnnie
Reiff.'the jockeys, who scored such suc
cesses in England and at home, have pur
chased a fifteen-acre home for their
parents near here. The place is. located on
the Infirmary road and Moorpark avenue
It is the old Burgess home. There Is a
fairly good house on the place and the
land Is in fruit. The boys say they will
not retire from the track and engage In
-fruit raising, but simply want the place
for a home for their parents. The price is
said to have been $21,000.
Beausant Changes Sands.
NASHVILLE, Tenn.. Jan. 14.— Max Ov
erton of this city to-day sold his three
year-old pacing stallion Beauaant to
J. C. McKinney of Terrace Stock Farm
TUusville. Pa., for 120.000. Beausant 13 by
Bow Bells, dam Rosv Morn, and has a
mark of 2:07»4.
Monroe Gets the Decision.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Jan. 14.-George
Monroe of Chicago got the decision over
Casper Leon of New York In a twenty
round bout at the Whittington Park Club
to-night. Bat Master^on was referee.
Birds Are Abundant and First Day of Field
Trials Fairly Successful.
WEATHER AGAINST
DOGS AT CORONADO
Cummings Boy (Joe Cummlngs-Grace
Grady) and Stockdale Kennels 1 pointer
bitch Petronella (Young Jingo-Florida)
ran a pointless heat, the dog having th<*
better style and speed.
The last heat In the first heat series w a3
between Stockdale Kennels' pointer dog
Cubas Zep (Cuba of Kenwood-Ja/juina>
and W. \V. Van Arsdale"s English setter
bitch Peach Blossom (Count Gladstone
IV-Peach Mark). This was the fastest
heat of the daj and but one point Wits
made and that by Zep, Peach Blossom
backing nlcelv.
In the second series, which began at 3: *»
p. m., the heats were of fifteen minutes
duration. The first brace down wad
Prince and Jac Cuba. Prince having the
better of the heat, and next Pearls Jingle
and Clipper "\V. Counts Mark and Larty
were next down. Lady having the best of
the heat. Stamford and Dr. Daniels we**
then called for. but the Doctor seemed off
In the noje and did not equal his work of
the morning.
Northern Huntress and Peachstone were
the last brace of the day and like all of
the dogs on the second series, seemed un
able to locate the blrda. although many
were found.
C, N. Post and John Schumacher actol
as Judges with Thomas Johnson during
the day.
A heavy fog hanging over the bay gives
promise of a cooler day and better sport
for to-morrow's work.
Supervisor McCarthy introduced a reso
lution at yesterday's meeting which pro
vides for the approval by the Board of
Supervisors of the proposed act now be
fore the legislature to prohibit pool sell
ing and bookmaking, except within track
inclosures or buildings where contests are
carried on. McCarthy requested that his
resolution be adopted immediately under
the suspension of the rules, but it was re
ferred to the Police Committee. This
action was not taken, 'however, before the
members had listened to a vigorous
speech by Stafford In which he urged hi3
associates not to stultify themselves by
approving a rfleasure which would undo
whatever good had been accomplished by
the ordinances which, they themselves had
passed. The resolution follows: ¦
Whereas. There is a bill pending before the
legislature of this State entitled "An act to
prohibit the felling- of pools and bookmaking
on any trial or contest of skill, speed or power
of endurance of, by or between men. animals
or machines, or upon any chance, casualty or
uncertain or contingent event, and the main
taining of places wherein poolselllng or book
making Is carried on, except when said pools
are sold or eald bookmaking Is carried on with
in the racetrack lnclosure, fair grounds or
buildings wherein such trial or contest of skill,
speed or power of endurance of, by or between
men, animals or machines shall be had and
occur, and upon the days when such trials or
contests actually occur or are had; and to pro
vide a punishment for the violation of said
act"; therefore be it
Resolved. That this board approve of the
passage of. said proposed act and earnestly re
quests the Legislature to pass the same.
During the discussion which followed
the reading of the resolution it developed
that the act if passed by the Legislature
would result in the opening of Ingleside
track. Tobin and Braunhart favored the
resolution, but expressed themselves in
favor of limiting the racing period in each
county to thirty, sixty or ninety days. It
was then that Stafford opposed the propo
sition of the board giving its support to
the measure.
"We are doing well now." said Stafford,
"for we have practically rid the com
munity of the iniquities of pool selling.
The act for which the approval of this
board is asked by the resolution will open
wide the selling of pools in this oity. I
say that under the conditions resulting
frcm such an act the city will retrograde.
"We will simply assist the promoters of
the act in inaugurating a general system
of pool selling on every contest that might
take place in any amateur or professional
contest. You are going to open the door
again and evil will result. We should not
give this measure our support. Let us
keep on in the plane we have hitherto
gene by restricting the pernicious selling
of pools."
Dwyer thought the adoption of the reso
lution would be injudicious and it was
then referred to the Police Committee.
Stafford Stays Approval of
Proposed -Act of the
Legislature.
Speaks "Vehemently Against McCar
thy's Resolution Urging: legal
izing of Bookmaking on
Track Inclosures.
OPPOSES REVIVAL
OF POOL SELLING
THE SAN FRANCISCO / CAtli, TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 15*01.
SPORTS RACING FIELD TRIALS BOXING SPORTS
BOXERS ARE READY
TO TOE THE MARK
Men Who Are to Fight Before National
Glub Reported to Be Fit.
Frank Bell and Gibraltar Easy Game for
the Schorr Sprinter.
ORDNUNG WINS IN
COMMON RAG-TIME
4
Naturally there is more or less humbug
about the man with a political bee In hi3
bonnet.— Detroit Journal.
COHPAHY'S EXTRACT of Besf
Signed Jnr&%&*&* in blue
Tbe roost concentrated form of beef
science knows
H^m WSm f&9^^^^ E^i^T^M flH ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JIIcarterS'
«£#% SliEr l»k 3 In f ¦ 5C3
8I6X KEABAGHE
*f otfttvely cored 07 Oaese
X-lttle Pills.
They also r«Ucve Distresa bora DjspapatB*
Indlgtstlon and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect ranhcty tor Dizziness, Nausea. Drowsi-
ness, Bad Tastemtbe Mouth, Coated Taa%a>:
Pafa!n the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate ihe fioweta. Purely Vegetable. ,
S?r;ail Pin. Small Qose*
Smat! P?\ce* f
PILES
Any one knows and knows when cored. Wj
have offered a reward of tZS for «t years her*
in L«os Angeles to any one with Piles who eould
not be cured with 1 Box of Venn Pile Cure,
and not one person has claimed the reward.
We now" offer and will pay any one suffering
with Piles $30 who cannot be cured with Verus
Pile Cur*. Our record shows over 10.000 cured.
Write for information. Perhaps we have your
rtlghbor's testimonial. Price $3. postpaid.
VERUS PILE CUBE CO., ROOM 226, WHSQH Bit
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO., Wholesale and
Retail Drujrgists. Aets.. Fourth and
Spring Sts.. Los Angeles. CaL
J&$£&S%. ONE PIIDTC*
7^Sf§|Hk bottle bun to
/ <||i|g8 MCBURNEY'S j
fW* • fl W Muney^cuRE
yJ^ ' A thorough euro for
W\ . pains in the back, {
CL yk BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
24 r female troubles, iacon-
tinence of urine, brick dnst deposit", bed-
wettins of children, gravel, gall stones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
ITHE OWL DRUG CO., 113 Market st.
AND AT •
DAIfT-BENDER DRUG CO.. 114 Kearny st..
Send !5c In 2c stamps to W. F. McBumey.
41S S. Spring st., Los Angeles. Cal.. for 3
davs* treatment. Prepaid SI 50. T>rorsrl.-»t!».
EVERY WOMAN
Ji^ rai^ is interested and should know
-*^5?^??vJ%fc. about the wonderful
HA RUE I WHIRLING
*#Wimra«nifcL spray
mm «*\:\^. Hlfk The new Vaflaal Syrlnee.
I^A'VS ¦I'Wfi. ! \! Vl Injection and Suction.
WiSK^'S^'^S* Best— Safest— Most <;on-
s^S.^C>S v _^iS w venient. ItCleanses
N^.^.^^^^ l <&r7?T~- i ~ Instantly.
Atk your dratzist for It. \^ ffi£*r ' **^^~^~~
If he cannot supply the >*^^i '"' '"'"¦ <5^
M.\RVKI>, »cf»pt no \ y < **S - -
other, hut s«n<l stamp for HJu»- X f '"¦ ''•.;;; ¦>, \y
tr»f?d book— sealed. Itgiv<-»fil! V' v # ' ,j
particulars anH >'irf t'»-ti« in«!uaMe *\ / /m
toladie- S1.%IIVEI> CO.. W ¦':¦; .,,,,M
HooiT»oon Tll " p " Hilff-. *"iVorli t> v-jj^' r
DR.MEYERS&CO. ,^p^
Specialists, Disease- VS&@^
and weakness of.
men. Established fo?W *^^r"v«s
1SSL Consultation MM X^S'^SlA
and private book " *J* X t^\\
free, at office or by nSlk- J&C® J
rnail. Cures guar- 'rrV.'SfllEfta*
anteed. 7:: I Mar- XA^&MSfi
ket street teievator a^* 9 Skwiy
entrance), San j£ \. t
Francisco. v:^^X^^afr^ari^fe?»
FBEE ELECTRIC BELT OFFER
LS iUV^Jatfc. T8IAI la jour o»a homo, w*
JB&A-JtSkMmjMNJJSSai furnUh the (renulpj and
5^SsKz^x^^r^2>r-*11 isactRB^> hlkctric bkits
iiSijJV^, si £il\ T^??^ : ?ill to any .-caaer of tills paper.
>JS3?&^r iniiMlllwnamlMi COSTS
ALMOST NOTNINQ compared
with mart *J1 othw treatment* €«« "J" «* •^•J*'
trie belt*, IfflhUN aa<< nmrJlr* f»'f- QOIM, CURE for
moNthanUaUmeata. OSMSCBICBM for aliWrooa
dlscasea. weakneasea and dlKjrderB. For eompleta
sealed confidential catm !©««•» ••?•¦•^•¦*»" - """'"«" 1 '
3EARS, ROEBUCK A CO., Chicago.
K« j^JKEJ" Jsf. ., m BI * ** •¦-• non-pot»nnao»
¦.Qd3BP^^^%aUlB E" ae<ly a for Gonorrhoea.
P' 8 "'. SpurmalPtrha a,
a«trialtoS)».ri \2 Whiter, an natural db-
I iTwVr Oaaraawcd \a chargi . or »oy inflittnma-
mmmyf not u> luuun. lion, l ritation or nlcera-
g^i*ri<nu mhu(mi. tion .t in a con* mem-
IfTSlTHEEvwsCHEMiCHCa. Xon-a8tring«nt.
TJfaPL c a. a 5P» or ient in P' AiQ wrapper,
J\Sa»^l" JrfO^tj br «P™"t Prepaid, fo*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 223 Market.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th« e«r» ot GONORRHOEA. GLEETS
STRICTURES and anal «oua complaint* of tai
Orsaas of Generation. "
Prfce $1 a bottle. For sals by druggist*.
N. 8. Hand & Co., the expert handicap-
pers of 34'Kearny street, issue legitimate
handicap sheets on California races for
the general public and have not lost one
subscriber since the opening of the sea-
son, which is of itself a first class recom-
mendation for them.
They are also operating a pool and paid
subscribers SO per cent net profit for De-
cember.
They have Just issued a new classifica-
tion of jockeys, together with some valu-
able pointers for tneir subscribers. •
I UNEQUMXD ' I
i SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.i 1McKenzie Case on Argument.
; Unlted. States Judges Gilbert, Morrow
and: Ross sat in the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals yesterday and heard* a
part of the argument in the contempt case
of ; Alexander" McKenzie, the receiver In
the ' Nome mining litigation. Thomas J.
Fatal Explosion.
LONDON, Jan. 14.— Ten persons were
killed and many injured as the result of
an explosion in a hat factory at Denton,
rear Manchester,' t% day.
TROYESr France. Jan. 15. — To-day an
enormous crowd gathered at Saint Savin,
near tho house of the man Coquard, who
last Friday, when pursued by the police,"
shut himself in the garret with a quan
tity of arms and ammunition and threat
ened to kill any one who approached. The
house is now cordoned by troops and
gendarmes at a distance of 500 yards. The
killing by Coquard yesterday afternoon «f
a citizen who on his own responsibility
attempted to make terms with the fugi
tive has terrorized the spectators and no
one dared to enter the building to-day and
nothing has been seen or heard of Co
quard. aSV B fltt9MBHJP | "W"
The gendarmes fired • shots into the
building in the hope of Inducing him to
appear, but there was no response, and it
Is believed he escaped last . night or
hanged himself. The house will be en
tered to-morrow. •
Life Rather Than Submit to
Capture.
Believed the Fugitive Has Ended His
TROOPS SURROUND
THE HOUSE OF COQUARD
The doctors maintain that their appli
cation of the X-ray was made in a scien
tic and skillful manner and that tney are
not responsible in any way for Bancroft's
misfortune. ; >v
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14.— Damages in
the sum of $50,000 are asked by A- L. Ban
croft on account of an alleged unsuccess
ful and unskillful attempt to photograph
his shoulder with an X-ray. The defend
ants in the action are Drs. L. A. Perce
and O. C. Welbourn of Long Beach. The
trial of the suit was commenced to-day
before a jury.
The operation was performed about a
year ago. Bancroft was suffering from a
dislocation of his shoulder. He finally
consented to have an X-ray applied to h(s
shoulder to ascertain the exact ailment.
After the operation the flesh where the
X-ray had been applied became sore from
the burn and it continued to grow worse
instead of healing. Bancroft says he was
compelled to submit to four exposures bo
fore a satisfactory photograph had been
obtained.
for a Burn Inflicted Upon
His Shoulder.
IjOS Angeles Citizen Seeks to Recover
SUES FOR DAMAGES
CAUSED BY X-RAYS
The new shapes and finishes of the
frames Just received are the prettiest we
have ever shown. Exquisite designs In
oval, eauare and other odd shapes, fin
ished in dead black, grays and greens.
v.ith the daintiest gold-top ornaments and
Jestooninps, fitted complete with gold
t *aded mats to match, at Sanborn &
Vail's, 7tl Market -stree* • •
Beautiful Picture Frames.
MAY ELECT QUAY
ON THE FIRST BAIXOT
former Senator Seems to Have a
Majority of Both Houses in the
:» Keystone State.
HARRISBURG, Pa.. Jan. 14.— There Is
every indication to-night that the bitter
struggle for United States Senator will
terminate to-morrow with the election of
M. S. Quay, the nominee of the Joint Re
publican caucus. The Democrats will
vote for Colonel James* M. Guffy of Pitts
burg and the anti-Quay Republicans are
expected to distribute their votes among
several "favorite sons."
The House and Senate will vote sep
arately at 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon
and the probabilities are that Mr. Quay's
combined vote will not fall short of 130.
It requires 127 votes to elect and It is
pretty generally conceded that he will poll
at least this number. Should Mr. Quay
or any other person receive the requisite
number of votes to-morrow the Senate
tfind House will .meet jointly at noon
Wednesday to canvass the returns and
formally declare an election.
There is nothing to indicate to-night
that there, will not be an election on the
first ballot or that there will be another
deadlock similar to that of 1899, when the
Legislature adjourned after taking seven
ty-nine ballots without making a choice.
Bosschieter Trial Begins.
NEW YORK, Jan. U.-VThe trial of Wal
ter T. McAllister, Andrew Campbell and
William A. Death, three of the four men
accused of the murder of Jennie . Boss
chieter, a mill girl of Paterson, N J
under circumstances revolting in their
utter lock .of humaneness, commenced to
day before Judge Dixon In the Passaio
County Court of Oyer and Terminer.
George J. Kerr, the fourth man under in
dictment, was not In' court to-day, as he
has been granted a separate trial on the
ground that he was not present when the
fatal dose was administered to the girl
Slorah Wants a New Trial.
SEATTLE. Jan. 14.— James Slorah, a
bartender, formerly of Seattle, who is un
der sentence of death at Dawson' for the
murder of Pearl Mitchell on October 23 ¦
will move for a ¦. new trial. •;¦. The * ground
for his motion is the discovery, of new evi
dence.' An attempt will' be made to prove
that Pearl Mitchell committed' BUicide.
HARDING DIVORCE SUIT
BEGINS AT SAN DIEGO
Millionaire Combats His Wife's Mo
tion for Money to Defray At-'
torneys' Fees.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 14.— The divorce suit
of George F. Harding, the Chicago mil
lionaire, against his wife, was up in the
Superior. Court to-day, on a motion for
$1000 attorney's fees and $500 costs of suit
for Mrs. Harding. Victor .. M. Harding,. a
son, was present in behalf of his mother,
who Is in Florence, Italy, an invalid.
When questioned en the witness stand
he estimated his father's wealth at from
$1,000,000 to $3,000,000, and said that his
gross income from this ought to be $120,000
a year.
On the other hand the father, who is
70 years old, testified that his property
was lncumbered ' for $800,000, and that if
he were compelled to sell it at the present
time he would find himself still in debt
for a quarter of a million dollars.
Regarding his mother's • wealth the
younger Harding said she had nothing
save the $300 that Mr. Harding paid her
each month in accordance with a decree
of an Illinois court and that from this
sum she had to provide for three daugh
ters living with her.
Mr. Harding; Sr. estimated his wife's
wealth at about $30,000. Twelve years ago,
he said, he gained access to a safe deposit
box where ehe kept her securities and he
found therein stocks and bonds having
a par value of $28,000. He thought she still
had nearly all - of .It, though he had no
means of' knowing.
SPLENDID GREETING
AWAITS , MR. McKENX EY
Los., Angeles Planning the "Finest
Reception Ever Given to Any
One in America."
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14.— At ¦ the Cham
ber of Commerce this afternoon the Initial
steps were . taken ¦ toward ~ arranging ! for
the reception of President McKinley when
he arrives in the city about; the middle of
May. " Delegates: were present'^ from .the
principal commercial organizations, but It
was agreed that should any other societies
of, general 'scope desire representation . it
would be accorded. :
A.. B. Cass, : the president of the Cham
ber of Commerce, presided and stated the
object of the meeting, was to provide. the
"finest t reception , ever given ' to any 'one
in America." ' Mr.- Toll set -the. wheels in
motion by :. moving that 'the chairmen 'of
the different delegations present, together
with the Mayor and president of the City
Council, "constitute,- a general ~ executive
committee to | formulate plans for the re
ception and to designate the needful sub
committees. This . committee .was named
as follows: Mayor Snyder as chairman
P.". W. Powers,' A;- B.- Cass, ; M. ' J. ¦ New
mark, ; George A; ¦ Montgomery, ; Major ¦ E
C: Klokke," R. D.t Wade, Homer Laughlln
and Major, W. H. Bonsall. r The committee
will ; work \ in \ entire harmony, - with % the
Fiesta ' committee : of ; the : Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON, Jan. 14.— There is no doubt
in the minds of the peace officers that a
murder was committed in the southern
part of this county early this month. The
body of the victim, an unknown young
man who could not have been over 25
years of age, is now in the Morgue. The
body was discovered by Constable Gieseko
of Tracy. The dead man was lying on his
face in a ditch at the side of the railroad,
between Paradise Cut and the bridge
across the San Joaquin River. The left
hand lay under it and the right arm was
outstretched. The skull was crushed in
in several places. The body was garbed
in underclothes and, a shirt only. The
garments had been expensive. About
twenty feet away a Knox hat was found
with a puff tie folded In the crown.
An autopsy was i performed at the
Morgue to-day and it was found that the
man s skull had been crushed in four
places, evidently with some blunt instru
ment. There was a round hole in the
forehead, which looked as though it might
have been made by a blow from the
rounded head of a mechanic's hammer.
There were similar holes In the left tem
ple, In tho top of the head and in the back
of the head. The body had been covered
by the overflow water from the river and
may have lain there,- the Coroner says, a
week or more.
The deceased was 5 feet V^ inches in
height, had brown hair and brown eyes
and weighed about 140 pounds. The only
clew on which the officers have to work
is the laundry marks which were .found
on the underclothing. The jury at the
inquest returned a verdict of murder.
STEAMER GUATEMALA
SAILS FROM PANAMA
Her Departure Marks the Opening of
a Competing Steamer lane on
the Western Coast.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901. by the Herald rub
lishins Cothnany.
PANAMA, Jan. 14.— Tho Pacific Steam
Navigation steamer Guatemala, Captain
Harris, left for San Francisco Sunday and
will touch at Central American and Mexi
can ports, inaugurating, the company's
new service from Valparaiso to California,
jointly with the Panama railroad and
South American steamship companies, In
competition with the Kosmos line from
Hamburg and the Pacific Mall from Pan
ama.
The Pacific Mail has no intention of
withdrawing from the field, which it has
monopolized for about nfty years, and
will continue running on the coast, offer
ing to take freight and coffee, especially
from Central America, and giving equal
facilities to European ports by way of San
Francisco and the Southern Pacific Rail
road in time equal to that of the Isthmus
route. The greatest competition ever
known on the coast is now fully estab
lished. It will be advantageous to Cen
tral American and Mexican coast trade
especially.
The Royal Mall steamer Atrato, which
left Colon on Saturday, carried $600,000 in
gold. This is said to have been shipped
in Cartagena for England by a prominent
Colombian general.
. The American warship Philadelphia an
chored here this morning at noon and
fired a salute, the shore batteries answer
ing.
Advices from Cartagena say that Gen
eral Merceliano Veleo, who only recently
was Governor of the Province of Bolivar,
has been called to Bogota to take charge
of the Ministry of War in 'succession to
the late General Pinzon. • v ' .
MUHDER VERDICT II*
THE STADE INQUEST
Coroner's Jury Holds That .the Doctor
' Was the Victim of an
Assassin.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14.—Notwithstand
ing the evidence of several witnesses that
Dr. John F. Stade, who was found dead
in bed on Saturday afternoon, was de
spondent and frequently threatened to
commit suicide, Coroner Holland to-day
insisted that murder nad been committed,
and succeeded in inducing his jury to re
turn a verdict to that effect.
"There may be a bare possibility that
the man killed himself," said Dr. Holland,
"but it is the most improbable thing in
the world."
The jury retired, and the Coroner's clerk
wrote the following verdict, which each
juror signed:. " •
"That deceased came to his death from
the effects of a gunshot wound inflicted
by some party or parties unknown to
the jury."
Henry B. Tucker testified that at the
time of the Galveston Hood Dr. Stade to!d
him he was a heavy loser and seemed de
spondent about it. Ancther witness said
that Dr. Stade always talked of las hard
luck. He saw Stade for the last tlmo on
New Year's day. There were tears in the
doctor's eyes when he said:
"It is not a happy New Year to me."
lilQTJID AIR FOR
CBEHLATION OF BODIES
Chicago Physician Is Said to Save
Discovered a Cheap and Thor
oughly Practicable Method.
CHICAGO, Jan.'. 14.— After a protracted
series of experiments a- Chicago physician
is said to have succeeded' in /perfecting a
method by which human bodies may. be
cremated with the, use of liquid air at a
cost which Is nominal in comparison '.with
the present expensive method. The meth
od involves the treatment of the body to
be cremated with a chemical substance
and exposure to a current of. electricity
in liquid air.. The combustion Is said to
be perfect, practically no smoke or* odor
resulting. ¦ . .
Auburn's Large Oranges. ,
AUBURN, Jan. 14.— While Hon. J. A.
Filcher; manager of the State Board of
Trade." was In Auburn on Saturday he ob
tained fifty, oranges that were the largesc
he had ever- seen. The largest weighed
thirty- ounces and the smallest seventeen
ounces,- the average being twenty-four
ounces each, and they measured from
fourteen to seventeen - inches in circum
ference. . They • were grown on the Jude
May place, near Auburn. . '
Admiral Dewey 111.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— Admiral Dewey
is ;'¦ confined to his home by an attack of
the i grip. It seems to be yielding, to
treatment and the ; admiral expects to be
out again in a few days. v
Deaths From Bubonic : Plague.
': LONDON,.- Jan. \, It.— Four, deaths from
bubonic • plague ' . have occurred on : the
steamer s Highland \ Prince, .which arrived
in Shields harbor yesterday, from the
River Platte.
FINDS MURDERED
YOUTH'S REMAINS
Tracy Constable Discovers
Evidence of Brutal
Crime.
DENVER. Jan. 14.— The joint caucus of
the fusion members of the Legislature to
night decided to support Hon. Thomas M.
Patterson of Denver for. United States
Senator, to succeed Senator Edward O.
Wolcott. There are 91 fusionists in the
Legislature, Including Democrats, Popu
lists and Silver Republicans, and of these
S7 were in the caucus. Mr. Patterson re
ceived 74 votes on the flrst ballot.
The public was surprised early this
evening by the announcement that ex-
Governor Charles S. Thomas, who has
been Mr. Patterson's, leading opponent,
had withdrawn from the race. His name
did not go before the caucus. The total
vote of the Legislature on joint ballot
is 100.
Thomas M. Patterson was born in Ire
land November. 4, 1840. With his parents
he came to America in 1S53. After a short
residence in New York 'the family re
moved to Crawfordsville, Ind., where
Thomas worked for some time in a print
ing office. He was educated in Asbury
(now Depauw) University. He enlisted at
the first call for troops, but served only
a few months on account of poor health.
He read law and practiced his profession
for a time in Indiana. In 1872 he came to
Denver and formed a partnership with
Hon. Charles S. Thomas, who, it ia inter
esting to note, was his leading opponent
in the Senatorial contest just closed. This
partnership lasted a year, but was re
sumed in 1879 and continued until 1890. In
1674 Mr. Patterson was chosen Territorial
Delegate to Congress and greatly aided in
securing "statehood for Colorado. In 1876
he was sent back to Congress, this time
as a Represntative. At the end of his
term Mr. Patterson resumed the practice
of law in Denver. In 1890 he purchased a
controlling interest in the Rocky Moun
tain News, to the conduct of which he has
since very largely devoted his time. In
1S92 Mr. Patterson was a delegate to the
National Democratic Convention. In which
he made a strong fight for the adoption of
a free silver plank. Being unsuccessful he
led the bolt against Cleveland, which car
ried the State of Colorado for Weaver. In
1896 he was a delegate to the Populist Na
tional Convention, which indorsed Bryan,
and in 1900 he was permanent chairman of
the convention of that party. It is under
stood that he now considers himself a
Democrat. - . .
Mr. Patterson in 1S63 was married to Miss
Kate Grafton, a granddaughter of Alex
ander Campbell, the founder of the Chris
tian church. They have one daughter,
Mrs. R. C. Campbell of Denver.
Receives Majority Vote at a
Joint Caucus in
PATTERSON WILL
SUCCEED WOLCOTT
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Jan. 11.— The charges of
arson and murder growing out of the
burning of the home of Conrad Ruff and
the death of four little children were dis
missed by Justice Rosenthal this after
noon. Sensational developments were ex
pected at the preliminary examination of
Mrs. Sallie Ruff, the stepmother, accused
of having started the lire that caused the
children's death, and the courtroom was
crowded, but the evidence introduced was
very tame.
Mrs. Ruff was present with her attor
i<ey and her husband and hfs three broth
ers—Jonas, Ludwig and Carl Ruff— and
William Valdez, the hired man, all of
whom had in retaliation been charged
with arson by Mrs. Ruff, were interested
spectators. .
William Valdez was the first witness in
Mrs. Ruffs examination on arson. He de
scribed the fire and could give no idea as
to how It started. Louis Ruff, one of the
children that was rescued from the burn
ing building, said the room was so full of
smoke he could hardlv breathe when
taken out of the window. Carl Ruff, ths
complainant, believed Mrs. Ruff had set
lire to the house because she was not ex
cited afterward. He said he swore to thj
warrant because he believed his sister-in
law was going to leave this city and take
the insurance money with her. Mrs. CieU.
a sister of Carl Ruff, was the last witness,
but knew nothing connecting the defend
ant with the conflagration. "X
District Attorney Jarman then asked
the court to dismiss the charge of arson
against Mrs. Ruff. Justice Rosenthal
said no evidence had been presented to
sustain the charge and he doubted that
an^ crime had been committed. He then
ordered the dismissal. This was followed
by a dismissal of the murder charge
against Mrs. Ruff and those of arson
against Conrad, Carl. Jonas and I/udwig
Ruff and William Valdez.
All the arrests seems to have resulted
from a quarrel over the $1000 insurance
money. This had been made payable to
Carl Ruff by Conrad Ruff, and his wife
stopped its payment. The insurance com
pany has watched the cases closely, but
it is not known what action it now will
take in regard to nayment.
Justice Ros«nthal EndsPros
ecutions Growing Out
of the Ruff Fire.
DISMISSES ALL
ARSON CHARGES
•M-ATsrv STOCKMEN
VISIT SALT LAKE
Convention of National Livestock As
sociation. Promises to Be Most
Successful Ever Held.
SALT LAKE. Jan. 14.— Everything Is In
readiness for the fourth annual conven
tion of the National Livestock Associa
tion, which opens In the Assembly Hall at
10 o'clock to-morrow morning. The hall
has been gtsrg-eously decorated and every
convenience provided for the delegates
and members of the press. The indications
are that It will be the most successful
convention In the history of the associa
tion. The headquarters of the association
and the principal hotels are thronged
with visitors to-night. A large number of
delegates arrived during the' day. The
attendance will be further augmented by
those who are to arrive to-night and on
the early trains to-morrow morning.
It Is safe to say that nearly every prom
inent stockman west of the Missouri
River will be present by to-morrow morn
ir.g. :
A larg-e delegation Is present from Chi
cago and a fair attendance from other
points east of the Missouri River.
The famous Pueblo Cowboy Band ar
rived this afternoon and was met at the
depot by the local committee and escorted
through the prinicpal streets of the city.
The executive committee of the associa
tion held a meeting this afternoon and
fliscussed In a general way the subjects
to be takon up by the convention.
Secretary Martin's report was read and
adopted. Th<? report is substantially a
history of the association since its incor
poration.
GRAND ARMY MEN
EXPRESS INDIGNATION
Caustic Comment on Refusal of Mis-
souri Legislators to Order
Flag Haised.
TOPEKA. Kans., Jan. 14.— The action of
the Missouri Legislature in defeating a
resolution providing for the raising of a
f.eg over the Capitol building during Its
session has caused considerable indigna
tion In Kansas Grand Army of the Repub
lic circles. Several of the Grand Army
poste of the State have held indignation
ir.eetir.gs and denounced the action of the
Missouri lawmakers. To-day Commander
V.*. A- Martin of the State Department of
the Grand Army of the Republic in an in-.
let view denounced the legislators of the
adjoining State. He said:
'•Unfortunately there is no constitution
al provision to prohibit a man making an
ess of himself, and the Missouri legis
lators have availed themselves of the op
portunity to gain a little cheap notoriety.
Notwithstanding their action, which Is
tended to arouse the indignation of every
loyal American, the Stars and Stripes will
Ftill b*> looked upon as the emblem of love
and liberty, an.l the Missouri legislators
have earned the contempt of all patriotic
Americans."
TO RAISE QXTARAirriinS
AGAINST SAN FRANCISCO
Chamber of Commerce and Health
Board at El Paso Take Signifi
cant Action.
EL PASO. Tex.. Jan. 14.— The Chamber
nf Commerce and the Board ef Health
met in joint session to-day, and after con
demning the present quarantine regula
tions against San Francisco established
on account of l-unjors of bubonic plague In
Chinatown many months ago proceeded
to draw up a petition to the Governors
of Texas and California tending toward
having the quarantine, which Is regarded
here as a nuisance and unnecessary abol
ished. The petition asks that each' Gov
ernor appoint a representative and both
representatives appoint a third man. the
three to comprise a committee to inves
tigate and report for or against longer
maintaining the quarantine.
YTK&T MINERS' STSIKE
IN HISTORY OF UTAH
at Scofield Quit Work and De
mand Higher Wages.
Five Hundred Coal Miners Employed
SALT LAKE. Jan. 14.— A special to the
Tribune from Ecofield. Utah, says 500 coal
miners went on a strike to-day for In
creased wages. There is no intimation as
to what the managers of the mine will do
It was at Scofteid that the disastrous ex
ploslon occurred last May. This is the
flrst mining strike in the history of Utah
TJtah. Legislature Convenes.
SALT LAKE. Jan. 14.-The fourth ecs-
Fion of the Utah Legislature convened
r.n<5 organized to-day by the election of
A. J. Evans as President of the Senate
and William Glassmann as Speaker of the
House. The two houses will meet in
joint session at 2 o'clock to-morrow to
listen to the reading of the Governor's
message. The law provides that the first
ballot for United States Senator shall be
taken on January 22. and it Is not likely
that much legislation will be undertaken
until the Senatorial question Is disposed
Of.
Favor Abolition of Preservatives.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
met yesterday and reported in favor of
the ordinance prohibiting the manufac
ture or sale of baneful food preservatives
of every description. Supervisor Wilson
Is the father of the ordinance. It is more
general in character than former ones of
the same nature and will reach every
food adulterant known.
Ing flogged, was a subject of Queen Vic
toria. : ...
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Jan. 14.— P. L.
Wessels, one of the Boer envoys to this
country, to-day said to the Associated
Press regarding General Kitchener's dis
patch as to the flogging of three peace
commissioners by General Dewet near
Lindley last week, and the' shooting of
them: "I am certain the report is false.
Such an act is contrary to General
Dewet's character and controry to the
nature of the policy of the Boers. The
Boers' only hope now is in arousing the
sympathy of the world by the justice of
our cause and our conduct of the war.
Such an act as whipping and shooting
peace commissioners might lose us that
sympathy."
tends the news of a raid on the British
lints, whether successful or otherwise, by
the commandant of the Boer forces in
?he Orange River colony. It> is by no
ru<-i.ns improvable, however, that a revul
sion of feeling will be Induced, in England
at all events, toward the* redoubtable
enemy of the British empire by General
Kitchener's latest dispatches. Flogging
as a mode of punishment is distinctly op
posed to the code of civilized warfare, and
the British commander's announcement
that by Dewet's orders three agents of the
peace committee have been flogged in a
Boer laager near Lindley is sure to call
forth some hostile criticism, which will
not be any the less bitter because one of
the victims of this instance of petty
tyranny, who was, indeed, shot after be-
LONDON, Jan. 14.— For many
months past the average Eng
lishman hr.s had a warm corner
in his heart for Dewet. The pluck
and intrepidity of. the dashing
Free Stater and the wonderful manner in
which he is carrying on a losing fight
against overwhelming odds appeals to the
finer Instincts of the people of this
country, who are sportsmen in the best
sense of the term. As a matter of fact,
very little interest Is taken in any engage
ment in which Dewet is not directly or in
directly engaged, and not even a budget
of aiarming messages from Cape Town
about the invasion of the colony causes
anything like the excitement which at-
LONDON. Jan. 14.— England, although
the first naval power In the world, has
not much to boast about in the matter of
naval progress in 1900. Not a single ba*.
tleship was launched during the twelve
months— two first-class armored cruisers,
one third-class cruiser, four sloops and
eighty destroyers completing the list— and
no real progress has been made with this
year's programme except in the case of
the two new second-class cruisers, as tho
contracts for six new armored cruisers
have only just been given out, and the
first keel plates of two new battleships
will not be laid until the end of March.
It is some consolation to Englishmen to
know that France's naval progress at the
same time has been-greatlv retarded ow
ing to the delay in delivering materials.
Russia made great strides last year, and
in naval progress competition among th*
powers she easily heads the list, Germany
coming next and Japan third, while Eng
land only secured fourth place. Russia
completed and commissioned two flrst
class battleships, one first-class armored
cruiser- and eight destroyers. Moreover,
she launched three nrst-claas battleships,
one lirst-class armored cruiser, one sec
ond-class cruiser, two third-class cruiser3
and three destroyers. The rapidity of Rus
sian shipbuilding was one of the feature*
of the year. ,The armored cruiser Gro
mobos, a formidable vessel of 12.000 tons,
which was only laid down at the Baltic
works, St. Petersburg, In May. 1S98, is now
en route, to China,
Plotting Prince Arrested.
A Nice special says: The police have
arrested Prince Victor Nakadcl.ivez. a
Russian, on the charge of plotting to take
the life of the Czar, on the latter's ap
proaching visit here. Prince Nakadchlve3,
who is a Nihilist, was condemned to
death in Russia as an accomplice in the
conspiracy of 1SS6 against the life of Alex
ander III. grandfather of the present
Czar. He was also convicted in Paris of
being illegally in the possession of explo
sive machines.
Manchester's Bankruptcy.
The bankruptcy of tha Duke of Man
chester was again considered in the courts
to-day. An appeal was lodged against the
plea of "infancy" in respect to a claim, of
£859 for jewelry. The appellants sub
mitted that in view of the Duke's posi
tion, jewelry was necessary, even though
an "infant." The hearing was adjourned
to see if the Duke, on his return from
America, desires to maintain the plea ot
"infancy.*'
To Wind Up the Concern.
At the adjournment to-day of the stock
holders of the London and Globe Finance
Corporation, Limited, it was resolved to
voluntarily wind up the concern. Mr.
Whittaker Wright exolained that the di
rectors wanted £500,000 to pay the debts
and several hundred thousand pounds
with which to carry on operations. Since
last meeting, .he added, the directors had
been negotiating for the sale .of the
Baker-street Waterloo railroad for £500.
000. and it was expected that an agree
ment would be signed to-day. It was
then proposed to proceed with the recon
struction of the corporation.
Jettisoned Part of the Cargo.
The British steamer Bernlcla. Captain
Kragh. from Galveston December lo. via
Norfolk, December 26, has arrived at
Hamburg after having Jettisoned a por
tion of her cargo while ashore at Petten.
on the coast of Holland. She was floated
without having received any damage.
Watching the Carlists.
A Madrid special says: The police have
ransacked the residence of the Marquis
of Berratbo, a represen£atlve of Don Car
los, failing, however, to secure the docu
ments they were seeking:. The authorities
are closely watching the movements of
the Carlists, who are believed to be hatch
ing an important scheme.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Bishop Creighton.
LONDON, Jan. 14.— Right Rev. Mandell
Crelghton, D. D., Bishop of London, died
this afternoon. He was born in 1843. The
Bishop's illness was long and' painful. He
recently underwent two operations for ab
dominal trouble.
Captain Fitz-Herbert.
MINNEAPOLIS, Jan. 14.— Captain Pltx-
Herbert, son-in-law of Mrs. Eugene Wil
son of Minneapolis, died to-day in South
Africa from wounds received yesterday
in the fighting near Kaalfontein. The
word came • to-day by cable to Mrs. "Wll
soh.
Samuel McReynolds.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 14. — Samuel McRey
nolds died suddenly at his home at Green
Valley last night. He complained of a
pain in his side, got up and immediately
felUSead. He was ason of James Mc-
Reynolds, a capitalist. A,widow and five
children survive him.
Judge Joseph Almy.
SAN RAFAEL,. Jan. 14.— Judge Joseph
Almy, who for the" past forty years has
been a resident of Marin County, died to
day of heart trouble," aged 76 years. Judge
Almy was for a number of years County
Judge and was. the owner of much valu
able '¦ property. At one' time he owned
nearly all of San Rafael and vicinity. His
estate Is ' a large one. He leaves a widow
and four children. rs.
Great Britain Did Not Launch
a Single Battleship
Last Year.
MAKES LITTLE
NAVAL PROGRESS
Geary and A. C. Severance appeared on
behalf of McKenzie. and E. S. Pillsbury.
J. C. Campbell and Charles Page appeared
for the appellants. Mr. Severance occu
pied the whole of the session with an ar
gument as to the jurisdiction of the Court
of Appeals, and he will be followed this
morning by Mr. Geary. Until the question
of jurisdiction shall have been settled
nothing will be done in the way of eluci
dating the merits of the case.
THE SPLENDID GENERALSHIP OF THE GREATEST REMAINING BOER LEADER . HAS DRAWN OUT NO
GREATER TRIBUTE THAN* THE ABOVE CARTOON FROM LONDON PUNCH, UNDER THE HEADIXG "A
HOLIDAY PANTOMIME HE WOULD NOT LIKE REPEATED."
Jan. 14.— Just at the
close of a day of dreary discussion of
technical details of the army reorganiza
tion bill. Teller of .Colorado, speaking to
an amendment he had. offered, delievered
a sensational denunciation of General
Eagan, former commissary general of the
United States army. His statement in
cluded also the administration because"
General Eagan had been, retired, accord
ing to the Colorado Senator's charge, as
a /'decoration and a reward" for his at
tack upon the commanding general of the
army.
Absolutely no progress was made with
the army bill to-day, not a single amend
ment being: disposed of finally.
An amendment was offered by Teller of
Colorado to that section of the bill which
authorizes the President to retire any of
ficer who has been suspended from duty
either by sentence or court-martial or by
executive order in mitigation of such sen
tence, striking out the words "has been"
and substituting therefor "shall be here
after." ¦ ' - -
After saying that the section had been
incorporated in the bill for the 'purpose
of enabling the President to retire Gen
eral Eagan, former commissary general
of the army, Teller declared it was re
tained in the bill in order that an officer
of the army, Major Joseph "Wham, might
be got rid of. ¦: -
"He might be got rid of in any other
way," said Teller, "and he ought not be
got rid of in any circumstances." • ¦
Teller adverted to the case of General
Eagan at some length. "Of the beef fur
nished the army," he said, "it was boiled
and canned and of very ancient lineage,
some of which had made a trip to Eu
rope and back, being fed to our soldiers
after it had been condemned by. Euro
pean governments." -
Mr. Teller denounced General Eagan in
sensational language. "As an officer in
the United States army," said he, "he
made an exhibition of himself and showed
himself to be a miserable blackguard."
Referring to General Eagan's denial of
General Miles' charges as to "embalmed
beef." Teller declared:
"His language was brutal and low and
so bad it could not be overlooked, al
though there was a very evident desire
to overlook it." ¦V; :
Teller made a stinging attack upon the
President for having retired General
Eagan, asserting that the "retirement in
the circumstances was a decoration and
not a punishment, and many of the Amer
ican people believe it was a decoration
and a reward for his attack upon the gen
eral* commanding the army."
Says His Retirement Was a Reward
for Insulting the Command
ing General of the
Teller Bitterly Attacks the
Former Commissary
General.
CALLS EAGAN
A BLACKGUARD
¦XTASHTN'GTOX, Jan. 14.— General Mac-
Arthur reports the surrender of Delgado,
eommardcr-in-chief nt Iloilo Province,
Par.ay. lie also reports that other im
portant surrenders are expected during
the next few days.
Ger.or?l MacArthur"a telegram to the
"War Department is as follows:
•'J>e'.EBjlo. Commander-in-chief of Iloilo
Province. Panay, surrendered January 11
to Brigafiler-General Hughes, with four
officers, twenty-one men and forty-one
rifles. His command is scattered. Other
surrenders are expected in i. few days.
There are Eigns of an end of organized
armed resistance In Xlollo Province. Pan
ay."
Tae dispatch rave much satisfaction to
the War Department, although the com
mand surrendered la rot a lartre one. It
also was noted by the officials that the
assurances ¦were for the end of "organized
armed resistance," indicating that th«jre
wa» considerable of the unorganized ma
r&udir.g In progress.
MAXILA. Jan. 14.— Representatives of
the Central Catholics at a meeting here
epoke on the subject of religion In the
schools and urged the adoption of amend
ments providing for the employment of
princSpailv native and Catholic teachers
and for permitting religious teaching In
the schools. They .-vrgued that native
teachers could achieve better results than
Americans, and that the public school3
would be far more successful if the pre
vailing religious customs were not dis
turbed.
In order to avoid a lone response from
their opponents on r h*> question of reli
gious teachings in the schools judge Talr
announced that the commie6ion could not
possibly adopt the amendments suggested
by the'Ceniral Catholics.
Tlie commissioners are unanimous In
the belief that a great majority of the
Filipinos desire religious teachings in tha
echcols. They hold thr.t the purpose of
the bill for public education would be par
tlallv defeated unless the children of
Catholics are permitted to attend the pub
lic schools.
Central Catholics Bequest That Prin
cipally Native and Catholic
Teachers Be Employed
in the Islands.
End of Organized Armed Re
sistance in Iloilo Is
at Hand.
GENERAL DELGADO
HAS SURRENDERED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAl/L, ; : ;TUJESDAyVJ. JANTJARY.; 15, 1901.
BRITISH ADMIRATION FOR DEWET
SHOWS SIGNS OF TURNING SOUR
5
ADVERTISEMENTS,
The necessary machinery, derrick, tim-
bers and drilling tools of the Bella Vista
Oil Syndicate are being placed in position,
and actual operations in San Ma-
teo County have commenced. The non-
assessable stock of this company will
be advanced to 23 cents a share not later
than February 1, and In all probability
much sooner, as several large blocks have
been subscribed which will exhaust the 10-
cent Issue, and notice of this fact has
been sent to the stockholders, many of
whom are doubling their holdings by the
purchase of stock now at 10 cents per
share. Now is your last chance.
The offices of the company, room 7.
ground floor. Mills building-. San Francis-
co, Cal., present a busy scene, giving In-
formation and prospectus to intending
purchasers. .
Advance in
Oil Stocks
DR. MIL'S BEINYIGORATORFOTS
Five hundred reward for any kjV ¦(BK|
case we cannot cure. This secret Ipafil tBT|7[
remedy stops ail losses In !4 hours, j -3
cures Emissions. Impotency, Varl- £jg Wfft
cocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits. Wfl Win
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all LvLJ IM*]
wasting effects of self-abuse or 8aw_j"\ * ; S
excesses. Sent sealed. %2 bottle: 3 UxksaZSra
bottles, 15; guaranteed to cure any ea** Ad-
drew HALL'S MEDICAL .INSTITUTE. 85i
Broadway.: Oakland, Cal. Also for tola at 1073'-^
Market st.. S. F. Alt private diseases quickly
cured. Bead tor free book.
BjflKryf y^V" "^y?3 eancot b« cured br
ySfihricisj'O* *&lve». lotions, cos-
M^fsWlHw'^*8ffiv^^^ J? on *.. r u s 8 * *¦ or
H^^Srtv^DR- PIERCE'S MACNLtTc
B ' /M\ ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
H / fliS fe.-ent It does th« work!
m 'JV \ 17' -BOOKLET NO. 1" gtvas
fall information. Call or wnt*
for It
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
62O Market st. (opp. Palac* Hotel). 3. V.
A WELCOME CALLER.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Our delivery man Is met with smile*,
not with frowns, for what he presents
brings certain satisfaction to wife and
mother, husband and brother. In two
words: 'It's right! That applies to every
single article washed, starched and Ironed
in this establishment. Modern appliances
and skillful handling tell the story.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts If
you order it- . .
Xo saw edges.
Telephone— South 420.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ava.
Found
Australian bushmen are being offered
¦ ''<,* r f cost In Rhodesia.
Ribbons Children's Bibs Ladies' Ncckzvear
Flannels Picture Frames Ladies' Shoes
Comforters Framed Pictures Misses' Shoes
Sheets Havana Cigars Lace Curtains
Pillow Cases Mai's Overcoats BisseVs Sweepers
Sewing Silk ' Men's Suits House Furnishings
Ladies' Skirts Ladies' Waists Undermuslins
Ladies' Dresses Ladies 1 Wrappers Millinery
Kirk's Juvenile Toilet Soap, Etc., Etc.
W 4&ofcten ftule Bazaar. Q
CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
v • ¦ ' %&&F
Special
THE EMPORIUM.
'j'yi v. EBDJOETTJU.
H \ The most thorough
a and effective house
H cleaner ever invented .
I GOLDs DUST!
9 WsxsHing PowderSome satisfaction, has been expressed'thatthe rub
ber^ trust in. New York has cut rates, but in discus-!
sion of a concern so elastic one should not too
Guickly. indulge himself in congratulation.
One-might suspect in reading of the wholesale re
moval of political officers in Oakland that civil ser
vice reform had been instituted in the town across the
bay. But our experience reminds us that in patronage
the spoils system ami civil service act in identically
the same way. We have simply adopted a different
name for the same result. . ¦
The cattle king who is trying to divide Santa Clara
County, no matte/ what the cost may be in commer
cial disaster to his neighbors, evidently doesn't care
»liose ox is cored as long as it is not his own
Occasionally we are able to see ourselves as others
see us. One of our piominent local lecturers told us
tfasi other day what our visitors ,arc never tiretT'of
¦•suring us — that in Golden Gate Park we have one
of the greatest pleasure-grounds in the world.
When the people of Oakland began to intimate to
the engineers who were employed to suggest improve
ments for Oakland's water front that a further delay
in the report might be followed by an indefinite de
!&y in paying for it the report was immediately forth
coming. A hint is sometimes as good as a kick.
The Past- Dictators' Association. has ap
pointed a committee to arrange for the en
tertainment of the representatives to the
Grand Lodge that Is td meetnext March
The association will hold an open meeting
on the last Saturday in February, when
it is; expected there, wlll'^be present a
large number of the members of the sev
eral local lodges. All have been Invited to
Grand Dictator Archibald was In Fresno
last week, when he initiated twenty can
didates for the lodge there. • •;
' The oflicers'of Yosemlte Lodge were In
stalled by Deputy B. E. George, assisted
by Grand, Guide Summers and other offi
cers. .The event was. followed by a ban
quet and a good time for all.
Last week Polar Star Lodge Initiated
the son of Philip Prior, chairman of the
Grand Lodge committee on laws. -
Last week the ofiicersO of Norman
Lodge of the Ivnignts of Honor were
installed by Grand Dictator Archibald,
Grand Vice" Dictator . C. H. Holcomb,
Grand Reporter, Johnston, Supreme Rep
resentative Crowe and Grand Guide Sum
mers. After the installation Mr. Cauf
mann, a member of the lodge, who has
just returned from a visit to the principal
points of Central Europe^ gave a very in
teresting account of the sights he had
seen. - . ,
Knights of Honor.
The dress represented here is of sap
phire volvet. embroidered with black
chenille. The bolero and skirt open over
a frill of sky blue mousseline de soie; and
the bottom of the skirt is composed of a
wide flounce of yellow Venice guipure. •
SAPPHIRE VELVET DRESS,
Young Ladles* Institute No. 1 has elect
ed the following named as ita officers for
the ensuing term: Annie E. Xyhan. presi
dent; Margaret Peacock, first vice presi
dent; Sadie Flaherty, second vice presi
dent: Mamie Gorman, recording secretary
Kate Donovan, financial secretary: Cora
Flske, treasurer: Clara Farrell. marshal:
Cella Meyers, inside sentinel; Delia Sulli
van, outside sentinel: Uzzle Terry, Mar
garet Hill. -Winnie Byrne, May Fay and
May Driscoll. trustees; I^ottie CVDea or
ganist. This institute will give its first
entertainment and ball of the new century
In Union Square Hall on the night of thd
6th of February.
Young Indies' Institute.
The officers of Seven Pines Circle were
installed with imposing: ceremonies In the
Alcazar building. The installation was
public and was attended by a very largo
number of people. Durin? the evening
there was a programme of entertainment
and the presentation of a handsome em
blematic pin to Mrs. Lizzie Whi reside, tho
retiring president, in recognition of fath
ful and earnest work done by her during
her term of office. The several numbers
of the entertainment were contributed by
Mesdames Pyser and Ayers, Blel and
Bertha Traner. I,ueas Ayers and M.
Daly. Rev. Mr. Prfce delivered an elo
quent* address on the work of the mem
bers of the circle for the old soldiers. Tho
circle presented a token of esteem to Mrs.
Lena Sholten. the treasurer. A danc©
closed the entertainment.
The offlcejs of Appomattox Post. G. A-
R,, and those of Appomattox Relief Corps
were Installed In Syndicate Hall. Oakland,
for the current term. The ofnqprs of tho
corps were Installed by Mrs. S. G-. Smyth,
after which the members of the two or
ganizations had a social time for several
hours. Tho presentation of flowers was a
feature of the evening:, after which an
emblematic pin was presented to the re
tiring president and a token of esteem was
presented to Mrs. Abbie We«ks for her
untiring devotion to the 1300 Club, which
presnted to the corps a little in excess of
$120 as the result of the sale of articles
contributed to the club.
Post, Corps and Circle.
Since the Legislature is to be asked to provide n
remedy for the new evil, let us hope that care will be
taken this time to avoid the former mistake, and that
the new remedy shall be so devised that its operation
in the complex affairs of modern life will not be worse
than what we havr. now. ?
By reason of these things many thousand acres of
bnd have already passed into the possession of the
State; and of course, unless some, safe and easy
method be provided for disposing of them, v the
amount of land in the hands of the State will event
ually become a serious evil. '
We are having an illustration of this lack of fore
sight in the operation of the statute enacted to pro
tect delinquent taxpayers from the old system of sell
ing their land for taxes. The remedy adopted for
what was thought to be an evil is that of having the
State take possession of land on which taxes are un
paid, giving the delinquent owner five years in which
to redeem his property by paying the taxes due, to
gether with interest upon them. It is a good remedy
for the evil it was aimed at, but unfortunately in some
respects it is worse than the evil itself, and the Legis
lature is to be asked to remedy the remedy.
It appears that under the. operation of the present
law the State is rapidly; becoming a, very large land
owner. When taxes upon a lot of land oncebecome
delinquent the charges and the interest run up so
lapidly that before the five years are out in which the
owner has a right to redeem they exceed the value
of. the land. Under such circumstances the owner
naturally refuses to redeem, and it is said that an out
sider would be foolish to buy it because j)f a possibly
defective title. . ~
r\ LMOST any man can. perceive an evil and de
/^ termine something of its nature; a considerable
* number can go so far as to devise a remedy for
it, .but they are few, indeed, who can foresee how
the remedy will affect other things in the body politic
and know beforehand whether it will be better or
worse than the disease it is designed to cure.
A REMEDY THAT FAILED.-
This marvelous accomplishment has been attained
first by the thorough education of the people of the
State, second by an industrial energy which has made
full use of every manufacturing and commercial pos
sibility, and third by a moral and mental culture
which has prompted the people t*o aspire to the hiizh-
The New England States are not rich in natural
resources and Boston^ has no monopoly of Atlantic
coast commerce. Nevertheless in the savings and co
operative banks of Massachusetts alone there is stored
up one-fifth of the savings of the American people.
One-thirtieth of the population of the United States is
within fifty miles of Boston, and one-twentieth of the
national wealth is held and one-thirteenth of the
clearing-housp business of the country is done within
fifty miles of the New England metropolis.
In all such blowing on the part of Boston there is
nothing for us or for any other portion of the people
of the United States to complain of. The rule laid
down by Joshua at the siege of Jericho is applicable
here: "When I take the trumpet and blow, then take
ye your trumpets and blow also." If any other city
has done as well, the air is free for blowing and the
country' will be glad to hear the sound of it.
The matter is of more interest than that of a passing
pews item of the time. It is worth while for the peo
ple of San Francisco to consider "how Boston .attained
all her wealth in order that a profitable lesson may
be drawn from her example. •
Population, however, is the least of the claims of
Boston. It is asserted that her superiority in wcaltK
is much greater than her superiority in numbers, and
that within a radius of fifty miles she has the "best
purchasing community in the world." It is pointed
out that: "The census shows that on a basis of full
and equal valuation Boston is the richest city in the
country, with an average of $1942 for every inhabi
tant, while New York has a per capita wealth of only
$1337; Philadelphia $1127, and Chicago $1016." It :s
added that while the average earning capacity of the
men, women and children of the United States is
onry 40 cents a day, the average for the people of
Massachusetts is 73 cents, or 80 per cent above th'e
general level of the country as a whole. Finally, the
information is derived from a commercial agency in
New York 'that of the $35,600,000 distributed from
that city in interests and dividends at the beginning
of the year, upward of $20,000,000 was assigned to
Boston,, leaving but $.15,000,000 for the rest of the
Union. ¦ '
The claim of Boston is that she has within a ra
dius of fifty miles a laiger population than any other
equal extent of territory in the United States with the
exception of New York. According to the figures
of the last census there are within the B'oston district
2,849,000 people; in the Philadelphia district 2,545,000;
in the Chicago district 2,167,000. Thus while Boston
holds the fifth place in the list of American munici
palities, it is the center and the market place of the
second most populous territory in the country.
BOSTON, as was to have been expected, has met
the new century by blowing horns metaphorical
rather than literal. Instead of contenting her
self with an uproar in her own streets, she has waited
t'ntil the racket of the occasion in other cities has
died away, and now she is blowing a great trumpet
blast in honor of herself and her glory.
BOSTON BLOWS HER MORN.
D. W. Hitchcock, general passenger
agent of the Union Pacific, has returned
from a pleasure trip to Coronado.
j_ -*¦
E. A. Hamilton, ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific at Sacramento, is in
town on his way to Los Angeles. .
F. W. Thompson, general agent of the
Rio Grande Western, left last evening for
Los Angeles.
J. A. Muir, . Southern Pacific superin
tendent at Los 'Angeles, is at the Palace.
J. J. McGrath, owner of the Juneau
Hotel in Alaska, is a guest at the Russ.,
Louis Aubrey of Los Angeles is at the
Grand.
R. M. Green, druggist at Oroville, Is at
the Grand.-
W. H. Peck, a Kansas City capitalist,
is at the Russ.
James McCudden and daughter of Val
lejo are at the Grand.
Dr. L. P. II. Bahrenburg and wife of
Washington are at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION
EIGHT-HOUR LAW-A.. City. The act
of August 1. 1S92.. restricts to eight hours
the working d*»y of air laborers and me
chanics employed by the United Stat^
Government, by the District of Columbia
or by any contractor upon any of tht
public works. , Violation of this law i«
punishable by fine and imprisonment if
you arc: working: for 'the Government on
any of the public works and are com
polled: to work more than eight hours tv»r
day lay your complaint before the Unitea
States District Attorney.
QUOTATIONS— E. E.. A., American
Falls, Idaho. The market quotations In
the commercial department of The Call
are the wholesale prices. You cannot pur
chase "one sack of beans, a hundred
pounds of sun dried apples or a side of
split leather'.' at the prices quoted.
CARPETS— A Reader. City. The way
to prepare old carpels to be reversed
and shellacked Is to have them thorough
ly beaten, tacked in place and then treat
ed to two or more coats of shellac. To
keep such carpets In condition they have
to be shellacked frequently if much used.
LARGEST STEAMER — Subscriber.
City. The Oceanic is the largest steamer
afloat. Lloyd's Register gives the fol
lowing figures of that vessel and of the
Deutschland: Oceanic — Length 635.7,
breadth 6S.3, depth 44.5, nominal horse
power 3014. Deutschland — Length 6»52.7.
breadth 67, depth 44, nominal horsepower
3>37. ••'•~ r -
TO ABATE A NUISANCE— M. M.. City.
In the first place, if the nuisance you com
plain of is prejudicial to. the public health,
and the Board of Health will not take
any steps to abate it. go to the Police
Court and obtain a warrant for the arres*
of the offending party under section 370
of the Penal Code, and then after you
shall have obtained a conviction iro after
the Board of Health for neglect of duty.
RAIN WATER-u M., City. This de
partment is not aware that rainwater has
any particular property for darkening the
hair by using It. If you have faith in
the story that you heard that it doe"
when tht next rain comes. catch some of
the moisture from the clouds as it cornea
down the spout of your house and trv 1 1
for a month or two. To nreservo it •%,
"¦ Purity bottle the same* way as any
other liquid. f *
SIGNATURE— S., Uklah. Cal. A man
who writes- a letter to a stranger should
be very careful to make the signature
very njain and also be careful to give city
cr to^n and county. If he does not he
should not feel disappointed If he does
not receive a reply. Some people write
the body of. a .letter as plain as copper
plate, but' the name Is a scrawl, which
the writer understands, but no one nVt
a.cquainted with it can make U out.
DAINTIES TO SOLDIERS-C. H. N.
¦ Blaine, Wash. Packages containing dain
ties Intended for soldiers or sailors In the
Philippines, weighing not more than 30
pounds,: will. If delivered at the storeroom
of the quartermaster's department at 1SS
Jessie street. San Francisco, be forwarded
fi;ee of charge to destination. Each nack
age must be distinctly marked with the
name of the individual, branch of the
service, regiment and- company or shin
and last known locality where th« indi
vidual was located. - ntu
A CONDUCTOR'S SUICIDE— C, City.
O. F. Bernhard. a conductor on the Mis
sion-street line, committed suicide in San
Francisco August 25, 1896.
HOME STUDY BOOKLETS— L. B. K..
Fort Logan, Colo. For the booklets
named in your letter communicate with
Seymour Eaton, 1319 Walnut street, Phila
delphia, Pa. •
POINTS IN WHIST— J. A. B., Campton
ville, Cal. If two partners at whist take
the thirteen tricks, these count thirteen
if honors are counted; seven If honors are
not counted. , - . •¦ -.¦
LOST COLOR-L. M., City. If a wool
len dress has been splashed by some ma
terial that has destroyed the color In,
spots, the best way to improve it is to
send it to a dyer and have it dyed the
same color or another.
EASTER-C. O. L.. City. When Easter
falls on April 9 (or S in leap years). Ash
Wednesday falls on February 22. In the
nineteenth century this occurred only In
1SS0, 1871 and 1SS2. In the twentieth cen
tury it will occur only In 1928, 1939 and 1950.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
AAYOR PHELAX made of his banquet to the
officials of the city on Saturday evening an
occasion for renewing his slurs upon che
press. Ignoring the courtesies expected of a host at
such gatherings, he went out of his way to be dis
courteous, and exposed the fact that he has during
his term of office learned as little of good manners
as he has of good politics.
The rudeness of hi; words was the more marked
by the fact that he adopted his slurring tone toward
the press in calling for an address from Mr. Dohr
mann, president' of the Merchants' Association, his
evident intent being to convey the implication that
Mr. Dohrmann shared his sentiment. That intent was
completely foiled by Mr. Dohrmann, who in begin
ning his speech stated emphatically as a clearly un
derstood rebuke to the Mayor, "Gentlemen, I am a
friend of the press."
The Mayor's slur consisted in a reference to whit
he called "an interested press, or the interested edi
tors who sit in high towers and whose mission is so
exalted that they cannot get down to the level of the
common people."
Just what the Mayor meant by sayir.g the press
"cannot get down to the level of the common peo
ple" is hard to say. It has certainly managed at times
to get down to his level long enough to- note
what manner of political muck and mire he
lias -been dabbling in ever" since he was in
vested with the large powers conferred by
the new charter upon the chief executive of the
city. It lias from time to time noted the manner in
which he and his satellites have distorted the plain
purpose of the civil service provisions of the char
ter and converted the municipal" government into a
patronage bureau of the worst kind.
Mayor Phelan entered office under what seemed tc
be conditions favorable to good government. It ap
peared upon the surface that he had been elected by a
non-partisan vote and that he was free to administer
municipal affairs under the new charter fairly and
honestly. In a very short time after the charter went
into operation, however, it was seen that he was
bound to the worst elements in the city. Instead of
reform in any direction there has been a movement
backward and downward. His administration began
with a scandal over the Police Department and has
gone on steadily from bad to worse". He is now so
utterly discredited that he couia not be elected to
any office whatever. His downfall dates from the
iss'ue of The Call of January 16, 1900.
For the loss of his former credit in the city he
blames the press. Because it does not descend to
his politics and that of his g?ng he grows sarcastic
and charges it with being above the level of the coni
cion people. A< a matter of fact, its only of
fense to him is that it does not descend to the level
o* the toadies upon his official power who have flat
tered his head until it is swollen with vanity and be
trayed his feet into prths that have led him to do
lineal ignominy.
MAYOR PHELAN flND ThJE PRESS.
Respectfully returned to the officer command-
Ing Company A, Second Infantry, with the rec-
The assistant adjutant general of the
Department of the Lakes will then send
the document back to Captain Rowell
through the proper channels, after indors
ing it as follows:
The question of neglect of duty is- not neces
sarily involved. The matter is respectfully
referred i to the quartermaster general of
the department with the suggestion that proper
Inquiry be made concerning the Incident with
regard to loss or destruction of property of the
United States Government.
The judge advocate general will, after
a few days of df liberation, return the doc
ument to the assistant adjutant general of
the Department of the Lakes with the
following indorsement:
Respectfully referred to the judge advocate
general to know If allowing a mouse to enter
haFh in the process of cooking constitutes neg
lect of duty on the part of an acting assistant
cook.
I have the honor to report that en January
4, 1901. Private Brown of my company, while
at mess, discovered a mouse In the hash, which
was a part of the regular day's ration. The
mouse was dead and Private Brown reports
that it had apparently been cooked with the
hash. Following the discovery several mem
bers of ¦ the company became 111. Private
Brown made complaint of the circumstance to
the mess seg^eant, who confirmed his report.
I, Mhprefore, ordered Private Edward Parker,
assistant cook, confined to quarters and tried
by court-martial, lie appeared before a duly
organized court-martial on the following day.
and after a hearing in the regular form, was
convicted of neglect of duty and fined $5. Very
respectfully. FRANK ROWEL.U
Captain commanding Company A, Second In
fantry.
When Captain Rowell's communication
has reached the headquarters of the De
partment of the I^akes the trouble will be
gin. It will just be indorsed as follows:
AVISTA of awful official possibilities
is opened by the tragedy of the
Fort Thomas mouse which was
found in the mess hall hash, says
the Cincinnati Enquirer. An of
ficial inquiry into all the circumstances
may be expected, at a heavy cost in ink
and paper. Once the official Investigation
is started Captain Rowell, in command of
Company A of the depot battalion, Sec
ond Infantry, wJll take his pen in. hand
and address an official communication to
the assistant adjutant general of the De
partment of the Lakes, something as fol
lows:
In the meanwhile Company A will have
been gradually broken to hash once more.
Newspapers . and Congressmen, however,
will continue to assert that the army
ought to be reduced because its officers
have nothing to do.
Respectfully forwarded to the assistant ad
jutant general 'Of the Department of the Lakes
with the request that the further pleasure of
the department commander may be Indicated.
The beauty of the "paper" system of the
War Department is that at this point
Captain Rowell will not be permitted to
tear the paper tip. Once more he will take
his well worn pen in his weary hand and
this time he will write:
Respectfully referred back to Captain Rowell
¦with the report that no hash belonging to the
ITnlted States Government was lost. At th«
time of its loss it had passed from the posses
sion of the Government to Individual members
of Company A. The mouse was not discovered
until after the hash had been eaten. No extra
lation was served on the occasion, and especial
ly no extra hash.
But Captain Rowell will not thus easily
bring the incident to a close. The paper
will come back to him with the signature
of the post quartermaster and the follow
ing new indorsement:
Respectfully forwarded to the post quarter
master with the request 'that the price of hash
may be communicated in order to furnish in
formation to the board of survey In case, one
Is to be convened, there being no data In the
hands of the company commander to cover the
case.
Captain Rowell will then grit his teeth
and write another indorsement, as fol
lows:
Respectfully referred back to the officer com
manding Company- A. Second Infantry, with
the recommendation that a board of survey be
convened at once to ascertain the money value
of the hash, not the mouse.
In the course of a week or a month or so
the paper will return with a new indorse
ment, as follows: . ,
Respectfully referred back to the quartermas
ter general with the report that there were no
modes of Identification to Indicate that the
mouse was the property of the United States
Captain Rowell will then swear softly
and think. He will subsequently hunt up
a clean spot on the much traveled ana
widely indorsed document and will in
dorse furthermore:
By command of the quartermaster general
cmmendatlon that he request a board of survey
In this case to fix the money value of. property
of the United States Government lost or de
stroyed.
Morocco holds a most important strategic point in
North Africa, and neither of the great powers has
been willing to see it pass into the hands of another.
It appears, however, that the "psychological moment"
has come at last. The nations are agreed. France is
to give up her rights in Newfoundland and Great
Britain is to give up all opposition to France in
Morocco. What concession has been given to Ger
many does not appear, but doubtless the Kaiser has
been satisfied in some" way, and so the new century
begins with another of those bargains by which great
nations make friends with one another at the expense
of tlie weak.
It is not clear what claim the British have in
Morocco, but it is quite certain that neither Great
Britain nor Germany was willing to permit France
to annex any considerable portion of the territory of
the Moors. Consequently the advance of the French
in that direction was suspended. The situation, ho/w
ever, has continued critical cer since. The experience
of the world has been that when once a nation be
gins to conquer weaker nations and take possession
of their territory the expansion must keep on. Great
Britain found it so in India. Russia lias found it so
in Central Asia. Germany will- find it so in Africa
as soon as she begins to develop her possessions in
that continent. When the civilized man comes "into
contact with the barbarian or the savage it is impos
sible to draw a line beyond which there shall' be no
aggression.
Of all the partition schemes the great nations have
undertaken at the expense of the weak this is perhaps
the oddest. For a long time the French have been
looking with longing eyes upon a portion of Morocco
bordering the French province of Algeria. Once or
twice there have been conflicts along the line, and
readers with good memories may recall that last year
there was a little war scare in Europe brought about
by the extension of a French railroad toward the
oasis of Twat, in the desert of Sahara. The best way
for the road to reach Twat was across territory be
longing to Morocco, «nd, moreover, Morocco herself
claimed the oasis. So there was prospect of war, and
diplomatists were busy in every capital in Europe.
self, for it is territory belonging to' Morocco.
It now appears that a sufficient consideration has
been found; that at last Great Britain has a price to
pay which France is willing to accept. It is not a
money price. France would scorn that. It is a con
cession of territory many hundred times larger and
richer than the barren shore France claims in New
foundland. It happens! moreover, to be territory,
which Great Britain can concede without loss to her-
Far away back in the .eighteenth century a treaty
was made between the British and the French whereby
the fishermen of France were to have certain im
portant privileges not only in the Newfoundland
fisl^eries but on the Newfoundland shore. Those
privileges have fretted the people of Newfoundland
for many a year, and time after time. an earnest peti
tion has been sent to the British. Government to put
an end to them. The French, however, have clun;;
to them persistently — more, perhaps7from sentimental
than from industrial reasons. It is the last vestige,
of their former great possessions in that part of the
•world, and woe would have befallen any French
Government that surrendered it to Great Britain for
any consideration whatever. S
DISPATCHES from London announce that the
Marquis of .Lansdowne, Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs, has about completed negotia
tions with the French Foreign Minister, M. Delcasse,
for settling the long and vexatious controversy be
tween the two nations concerning tile. French rights
in Newfoundland.
FRANCE AND MOROCCO.
TUESDAY JANUARY is, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Acfirr es All Cesnsn=ic*tieni to W. 8. LEAKE, Kinager.
NA!(ACRR*t> OFFICK Tglrplione Prn» 2O-*
I'lBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 2O1.
rniTOniAI, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press -02.
OcI!T«rrd !><r Carrier". IS Cent* Per Week. '
£fnsr1e Copte>«. B Cent*.
Terms liy Mall. Inclndlnc, Postacei *
T>ATLT CALr, (Including Sunday), one year II.M
DAILY CALL Oneludlne Funday). « months S.M
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 2 months l.W
Z>AILT CALL— By Einrfe Month '. «5c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear l.M
WEEKXT CALL. One Year l.W
All postmaster* are antborlzed to receive •
¦nltftcrtptlons.
Eampl* copies will be forwarded Then requested.
Mn!l etibMTJtoer* !n rrd> rlrr chant* of addr»M *nould T*
particular to eJv# both NKTT AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKUM) OFFICE 1118 Droadwar
C. GRORGE KROGXESS.
Ktitffr Foreign Advertising. Karquett* Building, Chicigo.
<Lcn«r Distance Telephone '"Central :«.».">
KEW TORK CORRESPON'DKNT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
» THPlinN B. S3UTH 3O Tribune Building
NEW TORK KEWS STANDS:
TTa:acrf-A#torla Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: ,
Ehennaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hcutc; Auditorium Hotel.
WASOTYGTOX O>. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., !». W.
31ORTOX EE. CI1A.VE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES ET7 Montpomery. comer of Clay. op^>
cat:i J.X9 o'clock. S00 Hares, open nntll i:30 o'clock^ (33
McAllister, open until »:S0 o'clock. (IS Larkln, open un'.Il
t:CO o'clock. IM1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 1261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until • o'clock. 1C98 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. It* Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW. cor-
T Twer.ty-seccnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Under our system of law the relations of attorney
and client must of necessity be based upon confidence
on the one side and integrity on the other. There
nre at the present time in the United States interests
amounting in value to- many millions of dollars rest
ing solely upon the word of lawyers. Something like
commercial chaos would ensue if the bar should fall
below the standard of honor established in the past,
and to which all clients trust when they seek counsel.
The number of scandals in this city resulting fro*r;
dishonesty on the part of attorneys has become a re
rious injury to the community. It is time for the Bir
Association to take 'action. "
Finally it is charged that Watt, still acting as at
torney for Mrs. Underhill, undertook to look after
her interests in the Latham Company in Chicago,
and while he was in that city obtained from her the
sum of $30,000 ostensibly to maintain the Latham
Company and so protect her interests in the firm,
but up to this time has never given his client an ac
counting of what he did with the money, notwith
standing the fact that the Latham Company went into
dissolution.
—So far as appears from the record the only defense
made by Watt is that all claims Mrs. Underhill has
against him are offset by his services as attorney.
Can any honest member of the Bar Association
doubt that such charges should be investigated?
It is further charged that while Watt was acting as
attorney for Mrs. Underhill, she being in New .York
and he in this city as her agent and legal adviser, it
became his duty to remit certain sums of money to
her, hut instead of remitting the money or valid drafts
he sent her three checks drawn upon the American
Eank and Trust Company of this # city, each and all of
them being valueless, so that when presented for pay
ment they were dishonored and returned unpaid.
It is to be borne in mind that the charges against
Watt are not vague and indefinite. He is specifically
charged with having given to his client, Mrs. Under
hill, ?.s security for money borrowed from her, two
mortgages, each of which had been satisfied and dis
charged long before Watt made use of them as a
pretended security for his loan.
Under these circumstances about the only way in
which Watt can be tried for the alleged dishonesty
toward his client is for the Bar Association to sum
mons him to answer the charges and investigate them
impartially but thoroughly. The public has a right
to expect the association to perform that duty.
In one important respect the duty of the associa
tion in the Watt case is much more imperative than
in that of Chretien or in that *of Rogers. Those of
fenders were in the hands of the courts held to
answer to charges of crime. It-jvas therefore pos
sible for the Bar Association to make the specious
pica that those cases should be left to the courts alone.
No such plea can be advanced as a reason for ignoring
the charges in the case that has now been brought to
light. James Alva Watt has not been summonsed to
answer at the bar for crime, nor can he be sum
monsed to answer in that, way for the particular of
fenses charged, since they were committed so long ago
that the statute of limitations prevents prosecution.
ONCE more the Bar Association of San Fran
cisco is on trial before the bar of public
opinion. Nothing was done by the association
to redeem the legal profession in this city from the
stain put upon it by the conduct of Chretien and of
Rogers. It now remains to be seen whether any
thing will be done to investigate the charges made
upon good evidence against the professional honesty
of James . Alva Watt in his dealings with his client,
Mrs. Fannie A. Underhill, as published in The Call on
Sunday morning.
A DUTY OF THE BAR.
Members of the Cabinet receive $8000 a
year, and the seme amount is paid to the
Vice President of the United States. Rep
resentative Loi;denslaBer of New Jersey
has introduced a bill increasing the sala
ries of the Cabinet officers to $15,000 and
that of the Vice President to. $25,000. It
Is a bill that ought to be adopted. The
history of the United States is full of in
stances where the services of brilliant
men have been lost to the country be
cause of the failure of Congress to pro
vide adequate compensation. The social
conditions of high official life in Wash
ington are such that few men can go into
the Cabinet unless they have independent
fortunes. The salary does not begin to
pay the expenses. A President must,
therefore, as a rule, make up his Cabinet
from among the wealthy classes, and
therefore he Is restricted. The only fault
we find with this bill is that it does not
go far enough. It should include the Em
bassadors. Only rich men can represent
this country in I-ondon, Paris, Berlin or
St. Petersburg. Out of their salary they
must rent expensive housos and must
meet their own expenses. There are f«>w
more extravagant places than St. Peters
burg, and it is very seldom that a Minis
ter has remained at the Russian court for
a full term. Not only should our Embas
sadors be better provided for In the way
of salary, but in the great capitals the
Government should own the buildings oc
cupied by its representatives. — Philadel
phia Inquirer.
If the mission of a newspaper Is to
right wrong, the Boston Herald is entitled
to congratulations upon having accom
plished it. David L* Stain and Oliver
Cromwell, two men long past middle age,
were confined in the Maine State prison
on !ife sentences for a murder committed
eleven years apo. Six months ago evi
dence came into the possession of the
Herald which showed that a doubt existed
as to the guilt of the prisoners. The pa
per instantly set an Investigation on foot,
followed it up at its own expense, and
finally found conclusive proof that these
men wer/ suffering punishment for a
crime committed by other persons. The
proof was laid before the authorities, a
pardon secured, and on the day after New
Year's Stain and Cromwell were released
from prison.— Chicago Journal.
Salaries That Should B<* Increased.
The total railway mileage of the United
States is 190.000 miles. Of that over 45,080
miles is owned by roads whose policy 19
controlled at this time by J. Pierpont Mor
gan by virtue of his own holdings and the
confidence reposed in him by English
bondholders and by certain Americans
who are large holders of railway securi
ties. E. H. Harriman and his associates
control railroad systems, .chiefly west of
the Mississippi, which have a mileage of
over 24,70") miles. There are roads which
are not subject to the control of either of
these railway kings, but whose managers
approve of their policy. The Pennsylvania
and Santa Pe a"re the more important of
these outside roads. The object of this
concentration of railway control in a few
hands is the prevention of rate cutting. —
Chicago Tribune.
A Newspaper's Mission.
The Earl of Hopetoun was inaugurated
Governor General of the new common
wealth of Australia January 1. This was
the final act in the proceedings that vir
tually transformed the six British colonie3
of New South Wales, Victoria, Queens
land, South Australia, Western Australia
and Tasmania into a federal republic.
The six colonies became States in the new
federation, each reserving all rigrhts not
delegated in the constitution of federation
act to the National Government. It Ja
significant that in organizing a scheme for
national government the Australians fol
lowed the American rather than the Cana
dian plan as to State autonomy and as to
Senate and House.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
New Railroad Policy.
The Rev. John Clifford of London has
put on his blue spectacles and sees the
"Orokerlzingr of England" as plain as day.
In the course of a hearteninp address on
moral decadence in general he takes occa
sion to say: "The triumph of industrial
progress has led to the steady degradation
of public life, the steady failure of charac
ter and the steady decline of decency.
The unfortunate fact that the fame of Mr.
Clifford does not extend across the Atlan
tic makes it difficult to estimate his ut
terance at its true value.— Florida Times-
Union.
Australia on the American Flan.
There la one sort of colonial expan
sion" to which no man can object. It has
no politics in it. It offers a problem that
should be studied and solved by all Ameri
cans. It is the reclamation of the ari<:
deserts of the West. Out there 13 a land
of perpetual sunshine and of amazingly
fertile soil. All that nature needs «o mak,>
It an Eden is water. There ia plenty of
water to be had. hut the construction of a
great irrigating system is a matter of
millions. — Cincinnati Post.
"Crokerizlng of England."
Increased trans-Atlantic travel la shown
In. the statement that the number of cabin
passengers landed In New York in 1SW
was 107,415, and In 1S0S 80,5S£ This Increase
of 50.000 in two years was undoubtedly
due in part to the prosperity of the coun
try. The Paris Exposition, the desire of
foreigners to visit this country and our
growing commerce are also causes for the
increased travel to and from the United
States.— Provider.ce Sunday Telegram, i
Homes for Millions.
Travel Coming Our Way.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Massachusetts early learned the value of manufac
turing enterprises, and of the technical schools which
fit young men to engage successfully in carrying them
on. She has had to bring from a distance nearly all
of the raw material upon which her factories worked.
In California we would have a great advantage over
her in that respect, for our natural resources are
abundant. It is, then, worth our while to see if we
cannot, surpass her in the future. We have a better
climate, more abundant water power and are equally
as well situated for commerce.' Why not beat Boston?
cst attainable level of life and to work steadfastly to
achieve it.
MOUSE CAUSES WORRY
IN WAR DEPARTMENT
Endless Red Taps "May; Follow His Demise
in Mess Hall Hash.
TJETE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAJSUAKYT 15, 1901.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
6
Cholco candles, Townaends.Palace Hotal. •
Wllgres oil burners. Office and salesroom
415A Mission street. Telephone John 2408. •
« » »
Townsend's California glace fruits. Me x
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A r nice present for Eastern friends.
C33 Market street. Palace Motel building. *
¦ » ? «
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Cllpplns Bureau < Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •<
If you associate with devils during your
waklnK hours you need not expect angels
to visit you In your dreams.
. ¦ » ¦
Gas Consumers" Association. 341 Post ft. rs-
, duces Ka» bills from O to 40 per cent. Gas an.l
! electrlo meters tested. Electrical . department.
All kinds of electric wcrk promptly attended to.»
— i ¦ m ¦ ;
• Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
. The best liver mejlcine. A T«setabl« car* for
liver tils, biliousness, Indigestion, coasttsatloa.*
By Frank XV. Butterfield— Thiy day, at 11 a. m. and 2 p.
in., oriental KugF. st 3 : 'S Sutter rtreet.
f By A. W. LouderbEtk— Thursday. January 1". at 11 a. m.
¦ nd 2 p. m.. O:icxit&l llug«. at S. W. corner Geary and Stock-
tnn ftre*>ts.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alhambra— "A Stranger in a Strange I^aod."
Alcazar— "'Nell Gnynne."
Olun-.bia.— "Way Down East."
Tivoti— "ClniWrlla."'
Ontral Theater— "The Two Orphans."
California— "A Breezy Time."
On h»-um— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Roirue's Comedy."
Oympia. comer Mason and Kdiiy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
KUcher'*— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Terr.pl* — Beneflt performance lor families of
Glass Works accident. Thursday. January 17-
Metropolitan Temple— J>cture by Kev. Teter C. Yorke,
Thursday evenirc. February 7.
Calitorr.ia Jockey Ciub (Oakland)— Race*.The High Standard of Quality
of G. H. MUMM'S EXTRA JJP.Y is con
stantly making new friends' for this brand.
119,441 cases imported in 1900, or 79,293 more
than any other brand. Special attenion is
called to the remarkable quality now Im
r^i-t n d.'ilKiaiiaiajCMaBM««sMBMMBMdtaBMt > ia
The Men Who Beat Pottkar.
John Warren and M. Gilllgnn wore
booked at the City Prison yesterday on a
charge of battery. They were arrested by
Detective Reynolds as the two men who
viciously '¦ assaulted' and beat Richard
Pottkar of £711: Bush street Saturday
night. *He had to. be taken to the Receiv
ing: Hospital to have his injuries attended
. City Institutions Crowded.
Public ; charges in this city at this time
exceed in number th<* record for any pre
vious year. There are 1788 persons of
both sexes now 'quartered in the various
institutions: - The City and County Alms
house Is providing- for 1011; aged and In
firm-persons, the City and County Hos
pital has a list- of 437 and there are 340
prisoners in the County Jails. ;, Notwith
standing fhls; overcrowding, all are keep-
Ing within their, appropriations.
Lottery Places Raided.
Sergeant Christiansen and Policemen
Dave Murphy an^d O'Connor raided a lot
tery ''joint", at 711 Commercial street yes
terday, afternoon and* arrested Ah Louie
as the keeper, Woo Low for aiding: and
abetting and Joseph Plucha and 'Joseph
Babros as visitors. They captured a com
plete lottery outfit. :i Later - in the after
noon they raided ¦ another ."joint" at 1106
Dupont street and arrested Wong Hon
the keeper. A complete lottery outfit was'
also seized. Both are "Joints" frequented
by white men. , .\.\.
Choice Stationery.
Federal Grand Jury Selected.
The following' were selected yesterday in
the United States District Court; as a
Grand Jury for the ensuing term: Charles
Sonntag. foreman; J. T. Donahue, secre
tary: Charles Bliss. John Boyle, Amos
Currier. F. P. Doe, Daniel Eisner. Thomas
R. Horton. F.D. Houghton, Alexander
Hay, E. W. Joy, John G. Joly, Richard C
Jones, J. S. Kimball, J. C. Lemmer. J. G
H. Meyer, Charles C. Nichols, William
Ring. W. H. Stephens. J. G. Simonton
R. G. Sneath, H. H. Tracy and H. H.
Taylor.
Everything in the line of office and cor
respondence stationery, fountain pen?,
Koh-l-noor pencils, legal blanks, blank
books, typewriters' materials, diaries and
daily journals for 1901 at the. lowest pos
sible prices. Sanborn; Vail & Co., Hi Mar
ket street. ¦ . ?
In the Divorce Court.
The action by which Lorlnda L. Wood
socks a decree of divorce from Charles H.
Wood, sometimes known as Holden. on
the ground of infidelity, has been trans
ferred from Santa Clara County to this
city for trial. In addition to a decree of
divorce Mrs. Wood asks that an instru
ment executed by her husband conveying
a lodging-house at 409 Turk street to Ves
ta T. Williams, who Is named as co-re
spondent; be set aside on the ground that
the same was executed without consider
ation.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Frederick F. Rehn from Florence
Rehn, for desertion, and John Goodman
from Frankte Goodman, for desertion.
Suits for divorce have been. filed by Hen
ry Schult against Mary Schult, for infi
delity, and W. C. Jones against Minnie
Jones, for desertion." . V
Supervisors Acted Unwisely.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down a decision reversing the Judgment of
the Jowor court In the case of J. "W.
Stumpf vs. the Board of Supervisors of
San Luis Obispo County. It appears that
the board neglected to examine a petition
presented to it to find out whether or not
certain petitioners were freeholders of the
district, and declared that the Templeton
Sanitary District was not a legally or
ganized district. Stumpf brought suit as
a taxpayer and the lower court held that
the order made by the Supervisors was
valid. The Supreme Court holds that the
order was Invalid.
Court Notes.
Marquis Hammer filed suit yesterday
against the Market Street Railway Com
pany to recover $20,000/ damages for In
juries received. by Abraham Hammer, a
minor, in a street car accident on Eighth
street on September 22 last.
Judgment In favor of the defendant has
been found by a jury in Judge* Hunt's
court In the action Instituted by Charles
Fuehrlp, husband of Dora Fuehrig, the
midwife, against the Market Street Rail
way Company for damages sustained ln
an accident on College Hill some months
ago. The jury found that the plaintiff
was guilty of contributory negligence and
found Its verdict accordingly.
A verdict for $600 In favor of Annie Mc-
Manus and against Stephen Otis of the
firm of Otis & Co. was found by a jury ln
Judge Hunt's court yesterday. The plain
tiff alleged that Phe had borrowed $1225 25
from the defendant and deposited with
the defendant'shares in Comstock mines
valued at $2730 30 as security. , Finally the
defendant, she alleges, sold the stock de
posited for a larger sum than she bor
rowed and converted the difference. Suit
was filed and judgment has been rendered
as stated. . •
PRESIDENT HAYS .WILL
BE THE GUEST OF HONOR
•Chamber of Commerce to Tender a
Reception to the Distinguished
Railway Official.
President C M. Hays of the Southern
Pacific Company will be the guest of
honor at a reception this afternoon by the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco.
The distinguished railroad official will be
formally, greeted by the members of the
chamber and kindred organizations. The
reception will be held at 3 o'clock and
President Hays will be escorted to the
rooms of the organization by George W.
McNear Jr. and Wakefield Baker.
Preceding the rewption the annual
meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will
be held and the annual reports will be
presented. William M. Bunker, who late
ly returned from abroad, will deliver a re
port on "The certainties of our trade with
Asiatic Siberia." There Is e%*ery likeli
hood of a large attendance at the meeting.
STOCKTON MAN WANTS
DAMAGE FROM RAILROAD
W. H. Shannon Claims the Southern
Pacific Has Infringed Upon
Patented Guard Bail.
\V. II. Shannon of Stockton has begun
suit for damages against the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company for alleged in
fringement on a patent which Shannon
claims to have been granted him five or
six years ago. The device Is Intended for
use where railroads cross each other at
right angles. Before the idea was con
ceivedMhe crossings were bolted down to
a bedplate, with which they were so thor
oughly incorporated that whenever any
one of the four corners was badly worn
the whole crossing hud to be torn up.
The invention consists mainly of rectan
gular pieces, acting as gxiard rails at each
corner of the crossing, and they are so
adjusted that In making repairs a great
deal of time, labor and expense Is saved.
According to Mr. Shannon all the rec
tangular crossings on the Southern Pa
cific, Santa Fe and other roads are pat
terned after his device, consequently he
intends to collect damages for alleged In
fringement. Photographs have been taken
of every crossing in the Southern Pacific
system, and these will be used as evi
dence when the case comes to trial. The
action ngainst the railroad will involve
many thousands of dollars. -
GBAND LABCENY CHARGE
FOB STEALINkG A DOG
Edward J. Morris in Trouble for
Claiming a Fox Terrier— Other
Police Court Cases.
Edward J. Morris, formerly a hackman,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
on a charge of grand larceny. He was
accused of stealing Dr. Mark Newman's
fox terrier Sunday afternoon. Detective
T. B. Gibson' had occasion to call at Dr.
Newman's house. 253 Turk street, and
when the door was opened to admit him
the dog ran out. Morris happened to be
passing at the time and he picked up the
dog and walked away with It. Dr. New
man followed him and asked him to give
up the dog, but he refused, claiming it
was one he had lost. The doctor - called
Gibson and ordered him to place Morris
under arrest. Then 'Morris wanted to
"cut It all out," as he expressed it, but
tho doctor would not have it. The c^ae
was continued till Thursday and- Morris
was released on $100 bonds, accepted by
the Judge. The dog was sent home with
Dr. Newman.
J. W. Moore was arrested early yester
day morning on a charge of an atte'mpt to
commit burglary. The complaining wit
ness was I>awrence Moran; 6SI Mission
street. The case was assigned to Judge
Fritz's court, and when It was called yes
terday morning Moran appeared ln a state
of Inebriation. The Judge ordered him
into custody on a charge of "drunk" and
continued Moore's case till. to-day.
f Frank Reickcnberg, the soldier who
committed various offenses in this city
and Oakland, appeared before Judge Ca"
baniss yesterday on a charge of forgery
preferred against him by Nils Jessen,
grocer, Butter and Larkln streets. Evi
dence was given that Relckenberg had
been wounded on the head ln a battle with
Indians some years ago and his skull had
boon ieprossed. which made him irrespon
sible. In the Oakland hospital an opera
tion was performed on his head recently,
which relieved the depression on the skull
and he Is now all right. Tho Judge dis
missed the case. —¦
235=the square root.
Explanation: Point off the number into
periods of two figures each, beginning at
the right. Find the. largest possible num
ber which when squared will divide the
first period. 3 squared is 9 and is too large.
2 squared is 4 and will divide the first
period, which is 5. Place the 2 as divisor
at the left and ln the quotient space at
the right. Divide, subtract and bring
down as in long division, only two figures
(a period) are brought down Instead of
one. Now we change the quotient each
time. The new quotient is found by
doubling the answer thus far secured. 2
double cive3 4. 4 into 13 (omitting the 2)
win go 3 times. Place the 3 in the answer
space and also after the 4 in the divisor.
Now multiply. 3 times 43 equals 129. Sub
tract and bring down as before. For a
new divisor double the 23 and we have 46.
This divided Into 232 (omitting the 5) will
go 5 times. Place the 5 in the divisor and
multiply. Then 235 is the required square
root.
Exercises.
Find the square root in each Instance;
1. 3025 6. 11664 11. 4C36
2. 9604 7. 21025 12. 5184
3. 196 8. 1S225 13. 16CS4
4. 629 9. 471*1 14. 41616
5. 17»i6 * 10. &C25 15. 11025
Note— The student can prove the correctness
of his answers by squaring them. For instance,
we 'know that 15 is the square root of 225 be
cause 15 times 15=225.
XXX— HOW TO MULTIPLY DECI
MALS.
Multiplication of decimals should be ar
ranged in the manner indicated ln the fol
lowinsr examples:
« 'J Multiply 3.6S04 by 25.13.
3.68 O4 ' Arrange the decimals
23.13 one under the other so
that the decimal points
73.60 8 may be in tho same col
18.4O 2O umn. BegiD the multl
.36 8O4 plication with the left
.11 0412 hand figure of tho mul-
tipller— that is, with the
92.4U18452 2; but since to multiply
by 2 in the tens' place
is in reality to multiply
by 20, the result must be written one place
to the left cf its natural position, the
decimal point being kept in the same
place as those above it. Then multiply in
succession by the 5. X. 3; at each stage
writing the result one place to the rl^ht
of that last obtained and preserving the
column of decimal points. Lastly, add the
partial products as in ordinary addition
of decimals.
The advantage of this arrangement is
that it lends Itself to contracted multipli
cation when only an approximate result
is required. ,
In this example all the figures to the
right of the vertical line except one col
umn could be omitted and yet the product
would be the same to two decimal places.
A thorough knowledge of decimals Is a
necssary foundation to satisfactory work
In mathematics.
XXXI— HOW TO DISTINGUISH
"WORDS THAT ABB OFTEN CON
FOUNDED.
• (Supplementary Paper.)
BY PROFESSOR H. G. BUEHLER.
Carry, Bring, Fetch — To carry means "to
lake along in going"; to bring means "to
take along in coming"; to fetch means "to
go, get and bring"; as. "What shall I
bring you from Paris?" "Harry, please
fetch a chair from the hall"; "Farmers
carry their potatoes to market."
Character, Reputation— Character is
what a man is: reputation is the prevail
ing opinion of his character; as, every one
admires the character of Washington";
"A distinguished general may lose his
reputation through a single blunder."
Claim, Assert. Allejre. Maintain. De
clare, Affirm, State — To claim means prop
erly "to demand as one's own or one's
due." It is often looselv used, especially
in the United States, for "assert," "al
lege," "maintain," "declare" or affirm."
To assert is "to say or declare ln the face
of implied denial or doubt." To alleee is
"assert without proof." To maintain 13
to "uphold by argument." To declare is
to "say publicly, clearly or emphatically."
To affirm Is to "assert on one's reputation
for knowledge or truthfulness." To state,
which is often loosely uted in the sense of
"say," "assert," "allege," "declare" or
."affirm," means properly to express form
ally and in detail.
Complement, Compliment — A comple
ment is a "full quantity or number" or
"that which Is needed to complete": a
compliment is "an expression of praise";
as, "The ship . has its complement of
stores"; "Present my compliments to your
father."
Continual, Continuous— Continual is used
of frequently repeated acts; as, '-'Contin
ual dropping wears away a stone": con
tinuous, of uninterrupted action: as "The
continuous flowing of a river." v ":.*-
Custom, Habit— Cuslom denotes the fre
quent repetition of the same act. and may
be used by a number of persons taken to
gether. Habit is the effect of custom in
a person. Custom i3 voluntary: habit is
involuntary, often uncontrollable, some
times unconscious. The following sen
tences are correct: "Dancinc round a
May-pole is a custom many hundreds of
years old"; "A loose life brings a man In
to habits of dissipation."
Deadly, Deathly— Deathly, in the sense
of "resembling death." as "She wa3
deathly pale," is prererable to deadly,
since deadly also means "inflicting
death"; as, "The bite of some insects is
deadly." ' ¦
Different From, Different To— Different
from is preferable to aifferent to and dif
ferent than. .
Drive, Ride— We go driving in carriages,
riding In saddles. We drive bei-.nd horses;
we ride on them.
Dumb. Stupid— Dumb properly means
"mute " "silent." Its misuse for stupid Is
partly due. especially in Pennsylvania, to
its resemblance to the German dumm.
Emigration. Immigration— Emigration
moving out from a country; Immigration,
the moving into it. Foreigners who come
to live in America aro emigrants from
their fatherland, immigrants to America.
Funny, Odd— Funnv means "comical";
in the "sense of "strange" or "odd" it id
not in good use.
Grand Gorgeous, Awful, Etc.— Grand
properly Implies "grandeur"; gorgeous
means "having splendid colors"; awful,
"inspiring awe or terror": elegant, "hav
ing elegance"; splendid, having splendcr
— I. e., brilliant luster"; lovely, "of sur
passing loveliness": m&gnlflcent, "grand
in action or appearance." •
Emerson, in his essay on "The Superla
tive" wrote as follows: "We talk, some
time's with people whose conversation
would lead you to suppose that they had
lived in a museum where all the objects
were monsters and extremes. • • • They
use the superlative or grammar — 'most
perfect " 'most exquisite,' 'most horrible."
Like the French, theyare enchanted, they
are desolate, because you have got or
have not got a shoestring or a wafer you
happen to want— not perceiving that
superlatives are diminutives and weaken.
? • > • All this come3 of poverty. We are
unskilled deflners. i From want of skill to
convey quality, we hope to move admira
tion by quantity. Language should aim
to describe the fact. • • • 'Ti3 very
wearisome, this straining talk, the?e ex
periences all exquisite, intense and tre
mendous."
Hire. Let. Lease — To hire means "to ob
tain the use. of"; to let. "to give the use
of." To lease means "to give the u?e of
by lease." The.owner of a house leases it;
the person who occupies it takes a leas*
of It.
1 House, Homo— A house la a bulldinjr.
XXIX. V v
It is necessary truaimost all mechanical
work that the stutAnt should understand
how to find the square root of large num
bers. The square, of a number is the
product of the number by Itself; as. 25 is
the square of 5, 16 is the square of 4. The
square root of a number is the number
which multiplied by itself will produce
the number; as, 5 is the square root of
25; i2 is the square root of 141.
Suppose thit it is necessary to find the
square root cf 6u2JS. The process is as
follows:
Home means one's habitual abode, •'the
abiding place of the affections." It may or
"may not be in a house, and it may include
the surroundings of a house:
How — How properly means "in what
manner" or "to what extent." It is often
misused for "that" to introduce an object
clause.
In. Into— In implies presence inside of.
or within; Into implies movement to the
Inside of. Before a man can move in a
room, he must already have moved into it.
Invent. Discover— We invent something
new; contrived or produced for the first
time: as. "Galileo invented the tele
scope. We discover what existed before,
but remained unknown; as. "Xewton dis
covered the law of gravitation."
.., LAte ,f t ' Last— Latest, like the woni
late, contains a distinct reference to
time; that is latest which comes after all
?JiJ\5 r8 , ln tIme : as "The latest news';
"The latest fashion." Last, which was
originally a contraction of latest, is now
used without any distinct reference to
time, and denotes that which comes after
all others in space or In series: as, "The
it st -w°uf e on tne stre et"; "The Last cf
the Mohicans.
Learn, Teach— Learn means to "ac
quire" knowledge, not to "impart" it. In
the latter sense the proper word is teach.
befLo^ljr^Kii 11 tc " day thaa : had
"This has learned you something," ia!d Mr.
uofi.
? '1P£\ no "" re I>i le< * Mr. Sheehan. "it has
taught m« something."— From a newspaper.
Let, Leave — Let, means "to permit":
leave, "to let remain," or "to go away
f.VT 1 "' as ' " Please let me go with you":
I leave that to your own judgment."
Locate. Find— Locate properly means "to
place in a particular position." or "to
designate the site of," as of a new build
ing or purchased lands; it does not mean
to find. It is correct to say. "Where will
the hetf schoolhouse be located?" It Is
not In accordance with the best usage to
say. "The police have located the missinjr
man."
Mad, Angry— Mad means "insane"* in
the sense of "angry" it is not tn good use.
Materialize— To materialize properly
means "to make or to become physically
perceptible"; as, "By mean3 of letters we
materialize our ideas and make them as
lasting as ink and paper"; "The Ideas of
the sculptor materialize in marble."
Mutual. Common— Mutual properly
means "reciprocal." "interchanged."* It
is often misused for common in the sense
of "belonging equally to both or all." es-.
pecially in tha phrase. "A mutual friend."
The .following sentences are correct:
"They parted with mutual good feeling":
"I find. Miss Helen, that we have some
cemmon friends."
l"«ear, Nearly— Near Is an adjective; tha
corresponding adverb is nearly; as, ""We
are near the end of the lesson": "We
were nearly dead."
On To, Onto — Good use dge3 not support
either on to or onto.
Partly. Partially— Partly, in the sense
cf "in part. 1 ,' is preferable to partially,
since partially also means "with partlal-
Person, Party— A person Is an Individ
ual; a rarty Is a company of persons, or.
in legal usage, a person who is concerned
in a contention or agreement.
Proposal. Proposition— A proposal f*
something proposed to be done, which
may be accepted or rejected. A proposi
tion is something proposed for discussion,
with a view to determining the truth or
wisdom of it.
Quite. \ ery— Quite properly means "en
tirely"; in the sense of "very" or "to a
considerable degree" it is not In good use.
Receipt, Recipe— Receipt, in the sense
of "formula for a pudding," etc., is pref
erable to recipe, slnre recipe is commonly
restricted to medical prescriptions.
Real, Really, Very— Real Is properly an
adjective, meaning "not imaginary or
counterfeit"; as, "real diamonds." Its
misuse for the adverbs really and very,
as. "This is real pretty." Is a vulgarism.
Some, Somewhat, Something— Some is
an adjective; as, "Some water"; "Some
brighter clime." Somewhat is an adverb;
as. "He is somewhat better." "Some
what" is occasionally used as a noun; as.
"Somewhat of doubt remains," but In this
sense something is more common.
Start, Begin, Commence— To start is "to
set out" or "to set going," and is not fol
lowed by an infinitive. Before an lnflni
tiv<*, "begin" or "commence" is used. Be
gin is preferred in ordinary use; com
mence has more formal associations with
law and procedure, combat, divine service
and ceremonial.
Transpire. Happen — To transpire means
pioperly "to escape from secrecy to no
tice," "to leak out"; It should not be used
in the sense of to happen.
When. While — When means "at the time
that"; while, "durins the time that," "as
long as." When fixes attention on a data
or period; while fixes attention on the
lapse of time.
crowded. The piece Is badly constructed,
but the company is strong enough . to
make the most of the situations, and the
laughter is almost incessant. Charles
Drake, Frank J.- Gorman and "William
Friend are clever in their way, and among
the ladies Miss Beatrice Norman and Miss
Otilie de Lano are excellent.
Tivoli.
"Cinderella," on again this week at the
Tivoll, is a glitter of wit, songs, costumes
and settings, and of all the firefly dance
by the electric girls is the crowning fea
ture. Here la a dance — an electric ballet —
that Kuropean or Eastern bills have not
yet announced. It is a San Francisco— a
Tivoli— production and its merit is- as
great as is its brilliancy. Four pretty
girls draped in scintillating robes of fire
appear in the dance. Hidden In the folds
of the costume of each are fifty-six 8-can
dle power electric lights, while eight 1
candle and one 16-candle power lights dec
orate the head dress of each dancer. In
all 260 lights, 3000 feet of wire and twelve
circuits are utilized in producing the ef
fect. This is the reward of six months'
constant experiment and the result well
repays the time and energy expended.
.From other places have come those whose
claims to fame have been builded on the
splendor of the scenes amid which they
danced, but at the Tivoli, in "Cinderella,"
new ideas have been set to more brilliant
Bcenes.
Hartman produced new jests last even
ing and toward his example his support
leaned with pleasing result.
Alcazar.
A full house greeted Florence Roberta
in "Nell Gywnne" at the Alcazar last even
ing. The play is now In Its third week
and still finds many. to. applaud and ad
mire. "Sweet Lavender," with Lila Con
verse in the title role, will be the bill next
week.
Chutes.
The headliiier at this popular place is
John '\V. Whalen, late of Primrose and
Dockstader's minstrels. He scored a big
hit In his novel act entitled "The Dancing
Drum Major." James Godfrey does some
wonderful target shooting while balanc
ing on a slack wire. Other numbers are
Ahern and Patrick, sketch artists; Rose
Lee Tyler, soprano; Hanlon and Singer, on
the flying rings; Hal Coulett, monologist;
Dave Barton, singing comedian, and
comic moving pictures.
Fischer's Concert House.
Frank 'Karl and Ray Hampton presented
a laughable hit at Fischer's Concert
House lust night. It was entitled "The
Trouble of a Darktown Dandy," and the
specialties introduced were good. Oro,
.Bernard and Oro continued their sketch,
"Scenes in Chinatown," and Marie D.
Wqod changed her songs. The Russell
brothers gave a wonderful aerial perform-"
ance and Mile. Atlantis .proved excellent
as a globe, serpentine and lire dancer.
Sid Baxter gave an excellent aerial jug
gling act and Edyth Leslie" sang several
sweet Hongs charmingly. The house was
packed.
Olympia.
There is a good bill at the Olympla this
week. Querita Vincent,- an old favorite,
received a warm reception last night, and
Mabel Hudson, Ouhama, Annette George
and the rest of the company came in for
their full share of tho applause.
Alhambra.
The farce "A Stranger in a Strange
Land" has made a hit at the Alhambra
Theater, and last night the house was
Four elephants of assorted sizes are the
attraction at the Orpheum this week. This
is a novelty in vaudeville, but then any
thing is likely to happen in vaudeville.
The sagacious beasts do wonderful things,
displaying an intelligence almost human
and nearly e<iu»l to that of a press agent.
They dance and play a variety of instru
ments, including the mouth harmonica,
the cymbals, the hand organ and the bass
drum. The bicgest of the four plays
ninepins with skill, and his partner marks
with chalk on a slate the number of pins
bowled over. But the most sensational
feat of all is the riding of a tricycle by
the baby elephant. Billy Link, the new
mcnolosrist, comes to the front with
some jokes that, while brand new in
Gotham, are gray and bald with age in
San Francisco. He has a laugh, however,
that is as infectious as the smallpox.
Eugene O'Rourke and Rose Braham ap
pear in a sketch entitled "Parlor A,"
which has' all the furniture and stage set
ting for a side-splitting affair, but which
is disappointingly tame. 'Gene and Rose
make the most of the situation and by
clever acting save a poor sketch from fail
ure.* There are several interesting and
amusing views in the biograph with which
the entertainment closes. The holdovers
take as well as ever, notwithstanding the
absence of vocal music.
Orpheum.
The unfortunate persons engaged in
presenting: this atrocity to the public
have as much mistaken their profession
es has the Grubstreeter who deserted his
native mud to woo his bedraggled Muse
in the glare of the footlights. The actors
of this company cannot act, the singers
cannot Einjr. the dancers cannot dance.
Have they forgotten that there are dishes
to be scrubbed, railroad ties to be laid,
stones for turnpikes to be broken? Let
them betake themselves to these useful
and honorable occupations and thereby
cease to insult the public by calling them
selves members of the dramatic profes
sion. ¦ .
The melancholy performance presented
last night at the California Theater can
not be classified under any known dramat
ic category. It is neither farce, burlesque,
extravaganza, parody, pantomime, fish,
flesh, fowl nor good red herring. It is
like the earth in pre-Adamite times—
without form and void. It has neither
rhyme, wit, humor, satire, sense nor non
sense. Compared to "A Bre«zy Time,"
a Broadhurst farce is a masterpiece. The
force of a comparison can no further go.
California,
Two new names appear on the pro
gramme this week, those of Fay Courte
nay, who looked and played in a charming
and clever fashion the blind orphan
Louise, and Maud Miller, the daughter of
Joaquin Miller, who made her lirst ap
pearance at the theater as Marianne, the
outcast, and created a quite favorable im
pression by her work.
Howard Hall is well suited in the peri
wigged hero's part, the Chevalier de Vau
drey, and was received in the usual en
thusiastic fashion Dy the audience. Clar*
ence Arper does well as the~~ Count de
Llnieres; Stanley Ross as the Marquis de
Prestes; while Ernest Howell and Miron
Lefflngwell as the outlaws both do clever
work-
Miss Darling has a good opportunity in
the part of Henrietta and confirm* the
strong Impression in her favor as an
emotional actress that she has already
made upon her San Francisco audiences.
Margaret Marshall, as La Frochard, gives
a clever character sketch and Kitty Bel
moure, as the Countess de Llnleres, was
well heard. Next week, "Darkest Rus
sia."
It Is to weep .this week at the Central
Theater, a nice comfy weep, without any
fear of the pearly tear congealing upon
one's youthful countenance. For the new
steam heater Is a distinct success, not to
mention "The Two Orphans," and the
only apparent danger now is that one's
liquid emotion may go up in steam. When
the snow It snowed last night (and who
ever heard of an orphan fit-out without a
snowstorm?) nary a shiver struck the per
spiring audience. It had troubles of its
own and would willingly have taken a
turn under the falling Hakes itself, as it
surreptitiously mopped its brow and took
off its coat. No, there's no chance of a
shiver up at the Central this week and
those who are looking for one must go
forth and find elsewhere.
I Yesterday was a field day at the Pre
sidio for the representatives 6f the rail
road companies, as 1C2 volunteers were
discharged. Previous to the discharge of
these men the railroad companies had
combined, and a representative from the
Southern Pacific, the Panta Fe and the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company
handled the business. The soldiers upon
payment of the price of a ticket were
given orders for tickets that entitled them
to transportation over any of the lines.
The business was divided on the per
centage plan. Thl3 was evidently unsat
isfactory to the Oregon line people, for
yesterday they broke away from the other
people and sold tickets independent of the
combine. A merry war was thus inaug
urated, as the Southern Pacific and Santa
Fe representatives telephoned to the main
offices for reinforcements. The soldiers
relished the competition, although the
war did not result in any change of rates.
Paymasters Kelleher, Kilbourne and
Wilklns paid off the men, many of them
receiving a considerable sum, as the re
sult of from a year to eighteen months'
service in the Philippines.
Lieutenant A. M. Davis, Fourth Cavalry,
has been made captain and commissary.
Ihe promotion makes Captain Davis a
staff officer. Fred L. Sprague, sergeant.
Company I, Twentieth Infantry, died yes
terday at the General Hosaitu.1.
The bodies of seventy-two soldiers that
arrived on the freight transport Califor
nian were taken to the Presidio yesterday
and stored, awaiting burial or shipment
east to relatives. The remains are those
oi men who died or were killed in China.
Ground was broken yesterday at the
General Hospital for the erection of an
assembly hall and chapel. These improve
ments have been In contemplation for
some time, but work was delayed until
the arrival of the necessary permission
irom the department. • The assembly hall
will be used by the soldiers for dances,
concerts and various entertainments held
heretofore in the mess hall.
Acting Assistant Surgeons Henry C.
Bierbower, James E. Mead and Fred
erick II. Mills reported yesterday at De
partment Headquarter?. Acting Assist
ant Surgeons John S. Hill, Compton Wil
son, Lawrence McEvoy, A. T. Short, F.
AV. Richardson, Jl. S. Spilman, H. D.
Brown, J. W. Reddy. J. Pettljohn, T. H.
Weisenberg and J. H. Allen have been
ordered to Manila on the transport Grant,
which sails on the 16th inst.
Fourteen heavy artillerymen have been
ordered to San Diego with the detachment
of fifty men under Lieutenant Hains.
Cuts I*>ose From the Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe Companies and
Now Does Business In
dependently.
Competition for Soldier Pat
ronage Too Keen ior
Oregon Road.
NORTHERN LINE
BREAKS COMBINE
"THE TWO ORPHANS"
CLEVERLY RENDERED
Fay Courtenay and Miss Miller Share
Honors With the Steam Heater.
Method for Extracting Square Root.
How to Distinguish Words That
Are Often Confounded.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANTJARY 15, 1901.
7
Gfl ¦ n H /C% Laflln & Rand Waterproof
9 W 8 £ ¦ Smokeless Powder, ln bulk
fi i SiJ and loaded in ih«ll*. «J«n4
4 flllal tor «atatos;u« of. sgorttnsi
Ia3 E 11 %e* rood*. 020. W. 8H2USV2.
" " * " MJ Market itr«at.
L PATENTS £ rt fl
ST. Sf\*n&
fl I rr n fill I t Corner Fourth and
Pflff nnvfil is-sAT-sBs
ViHlL nulHL g-s^sijrta
valiMs checked fre*
AMUSEMENTS.
BE LAS CO a*° THALE&^tfflg.
\* ™ vtnrtcnrnAu
Phone South 6M.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production of the Most Brilliant
Play of the Century.
The TWO ORPHANS
The Original Union-square Theater Version.
With All the Magnificent Scenery Pre-
pared From the Original Models.
Gorgeous Costumes! Augmented Cast!
nplfCC EveniniM-IOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, COc.
rniWLJ Matin*-e— 10c. 15c. Jac.
Theater Xow Thoroughly Heated with Steam.
flYHEATRE^>
3d and Final Week.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWVNNE
Next Week— The Pretty Comedy,
SU/EET LAVENDER.
SEATS NOW READY.
Prices 16c. 25c. 85c. 60c
THE PRISON JF THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C.YORKE
For. the Benefit of ST. JOHN'S PARISH.
CR«v. Father Brady. Rector.)
Thursday Evening, F e 1901,
At 8 o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Fifth and Jessie Streets.
Ti I
TICKETS • .........50c
RACING! RACING! RACING!
. 1900— WINTER MEETING— 1S0L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. « TO JAN. W. INCLUSIVE. *
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. in. sharp. ,
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. aad
12:30. 1. 1:20. 2. 2:20 and * p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping- at the entrance to the
track. Last two • cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
eelctric cars at Eeventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Pan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo can
co direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning:— Trains leave the track at 4:15 *nd
4:iS p. ri. and Immediately after the last race,
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President. t
XL B. MILROY. Secretary.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on Una of railroad, for
sale. Splendid chance for. thosa about to
form an ; oil company. NEWTON, CAR-
MEN & SOMES (3. C. MASON, agent),
101 Chronicle bide.. San Francisco. -
AMTJSEMENTS.
THTT ORPHEUM'S BIOGEST SHOW TET.
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS!
EL'GEXB OROURKE AND COMPANY.
BCly Lir.k. the Five O!ra<-». J. F. Crosby Jr..
Ir.^z rvrman snd Cnrar*ny. the Willy
Collinif , Joe Fantley. Benin* Gerard.
THE OREAT AMERICAN BIOGRArH.
Heccrved Ffats. -5c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
er.il V' x f>eatt-. £0c.
Matinees Wedr.^Fday. Faturflar «i<5 Funday.
Alt E!!:r.chous» Prop, and ilanag<*r
Phone South 770.
THE GOLDEN BOOM
f tamped With the f>al of Success.
TO-KIGHT at S:15. All This Week. MATIXEE
BATUBDAX.
Wrn. A. Brady and Josenh Grismer"! Produc-
tion,
The New York Manhattan Theater Ecre&ialns
Comedy Success.
A STRANGER?
STRANGE LAND
Laurhtw From Rise to Fill of Curtain.
FVE 25c, J5c, 60c and 75c
MAT 15c. 2Sc. 25e and EOc
ICfirt Sun4ar Afternoon, the Musical Faxce-
Comefly. "THE STAR BOARDER."
TTEEK LAST CHANCE to See the Big
Fpectade. .V
EVESTCICGS at 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at 1
niUDFRFI I & T
UEIiuLllLiLLni ¦
Next Week— Perfect Production of
"THE FENCING MASTER."
POPULAR PRICES 25 and CO cents.
Telephone — Bnsb l.
COLUMBIA
MINSTREL CO.
BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
— FOR—
Families of Victims of Glass
Works Accident.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
THURSDAY, JANUARY 17th.
riCKETS ON SALE AT ALL CITY MEWS-
PAPER OFFICES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
j Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best- toilet soap in all the
world.
A'.I sort* of people nse It. all sorts of stores
&sll it, especially dracsists.
AMUSEMENTS.
f*f1l liiflHIA SAN FRANCISCO'S
(# U Li U l¥iI5_S A. LEADING THEATRE
A • MEETING WITH POrULAR-
ITY THAT DOES NOT WANE.
of AY "WAY
GREAT DOWN
HUMAN -Wq T ,,
INTEREST " £w>U 1 *
This Afternoon a*™
And Again on THURSDAY AFTERNOON.
Concert by the Superb Piima Donna Soprano.
HDLLE. .MURES '(£«£*)
Reserved Beats $150, SI and 50c
THIS WEEK ONLY- —
MATINEE SATURDAY.
«A BREEZY TI7V\E."
BEGINNING MONDAY NIGHT. JAN. 21,
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT
AIRS. F1SKE.
"BECKY SHARP."
- — PRICES—
Ground floor 12.00
Balcony ¦ Sl-GO and W.OO
Gallery • "5c and 50c
Lower boxes $15.00
Upper boxes $12.50
Sale of Seats Begins Thursday Morning at 9.
No Regervatlone by Telephone.
QRAND- OPERA HOUSE
/ . i i i i . _
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
. ALL THIS WEEK. •
Henry Arthur Jones' Famous Play,
THE
ROGUE'S COMEDY.
A GREAT HIT. A GREAT HIT.
Next Week-THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c.
A Few Front Rows ln Orchestra. 75 Cents.
Good Reserved Seats ln Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, 25 Cents. ,
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
Coming— Bernhardt and Coqaelin
FISCHER'S
Oro. Bernard and Oro: Marie D. Wood, Sid -
Baxter, Mile. Atlantis, Rousell Brothers, Earl
and . Hampton, Edyke Lesly and Others.
Reserved Seats 25c. Matinee ; Sunday.
Q I I 1 fir These hotels pos-
rALAllt J5" - the tributes
j ?. that tourists, and
Q H fl travelers : appreciate
UIIU —central location,
RH A N n Hberal manage-
U 1 1 ft 1 1 L) merit, [ modern ap-
IjnTri O • pointments n d
nUltLui P crfec t ""sine/
. ; - •-¦•..",' American and Eli-
Sin FrSIICiSCO. ropean plans. '
y 6| Genuine
A^|l 13 IMPORTED I
$&ZtJ!^ *«>« wem, Poao, !
§y§§i| In Bottles.
yjgjjy Wb«ny<radjinkfl»-<»Dwl ]
_"--»s.t'*^- Tlchy ln Siphon* 7««» at* i
HUgjS^rM drinking » choap tnrttafloa >
STSfcfxVs whiei conUiaa no ra^did- \
, fHi""SiiwaiF~ I ml p roi>«rtlei, Htat tStti ' •
Ylcfay 'Wstee.
Taken with m;«b •
It PREVENTS and CURES InOcesflM.
Bo SORE the BOTTLE
! LOOKS LIKE THIS CUT.
I For S«IeatsIIHotel3 r Cafcsaa4Dn«sbte. '
General Aseaoy,n»Bro*dVar. X.X. i
How shall a mother who is weak and sick with some
female trouble bear healthy children ?M
How anxious women ought to be to give their children
the blessing of a good constitution !
Many women long for a child to bless their home, but be-
cause of some debility or displacement of the female organs,
they- are barren.
\ 'Preparation for healthy maternity is accomplished by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound more suc-
cessfully than by any other medicine, because it gives tone
and strength to the parts, curing all displacements and in-
flammation.
Actual sterilitv in women is very rare. If any woman
thinks she is sterile, let her write to Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn,
Mass., whose advice is given free to all expectant or would-
be mothers.
Mrs. A. D. Jarret, Belmont, Ohio, writes:
" Deah Mrs. Pinctam : — I must vrrite and tell you what your Vege-
table Compound has done for mo. Before taking your medicine I was unable
to carry babe to maturity, having lost two — one at six months and one at
peven. The doctor eaid next time I would die, but thanks to lij dia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, I did not die, but am the proud I
mother of a 6ii months old girl baby. She weighs nineteen pounds and ¦
has never seen a sick day in her life. She is the delight of our home. " 1
\ Mrs. Whitney's Gratitude.
! - -From the time I was sixteen years old till I
was t«B"enty-thra© 1 tras troubled with weaknees of the kidneys and terrible
pains when my monthly periods came on. I made up my mind to try your
; gg '¦^.¦ggja^H^juBtfegfeaBeij Vegetable Compound, and "was soon relieved
The doctor eaid I never would be able to go my
S^^^^^^^^^^^S fuU tune aad have a living child, as I was con-
mW^^l&^Sfm stitutionaUy weak. I hart lost a baby at seven
| fj$g* *$£&$§£ = ~ months and half. The next time I continued
; fil^l'^S k to take your Compound: and I said then, if I
ISIk •"- s-" Y^ went m y * uU time and my baby lived to be
! it&5&: r^y> M ® tnf ee months old, I should send a letter to you. I
t'Z- JtL %? «§ My baby is now seven months old. and is as I
s j^ p _g<^^L "W" JrT. healthy and hearty as any one could wish. I I
XpS^S^sj^&ig^ cannot express my gratitute to you. I was go I
y^^.^j?£H(r b^ that I did not dare to go away from home I
m xvtWf/PInti t° $** a °y lenfnh of time Prais 6 God for I
I \\<3r' ff f \ % *G Lydia E. Pinkham's- Vegetable Com- |
: t/'.RS.LZ.WHlTNE.Y</'BABY pound ; and may others who are suffering g
1 ... . do aa I did and find relief. Wishing you sue- H
cess in the future as in the past, and may many homes be brightened as i
au&e has been."— Mrs. L. Z. Whitsey, 4 Hint Stf, SomerviUe, Mass." 1
: The medicine that cures the ills of women is I
Lvfdim Em Pinkfaajm's I
Vegetable Gomssound* jNEW YORK. Jan. 14.— A slow and uninter
esting market' for Metals, in local ; circles waa
experienced again to-day. Speculation waa
New- York -Metal Market
SHEEP— Receipts. 22,000: choice, steady, oth
ers slow to 10c lower: lambs, weak to 10c
lower; good to choice wethers, $3 £«@4 75; fair
to choice mixed, J3 40®3 85: ¦ Western sheep,
$3 731? 4 6S; Texas sheip. $2 50@3 60: . ; native
lambs, $4 25@3 60; Western Iambs, J5@5 60.-
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 36.000; to-morrow,
38,000; left over, 6000; opened weak and uneven,
closed steady; top. ..$3 35; mixed and butchers,
$5 05?/5 30: good to choice heavy,. So 15@5 33;
rough heavy. »5!g5 10; light. Jo 05@5 27%; bulk
of sales. $5 20<&5 25.
' CHICAGO. Jan. 14.-CATTLE— Receipts. 23,
000, ¦ including 700 Texans; choice steers steady,
others 5@15c lower; butchers' stock active and
firm; Texans nearly 'steady; good to prime
steers, $5 30rQ6; poor to medium, $3 60@5 20;
etockers and feeders steady. $2 75@4 35; cows.
12 70£f4 40; h-lfers. Ji 65©4 75; canners, $2 10(ffi
2 65; bulls, slow, J2 7i8< 40; calves, weak, U&
6 25; Texas fed steers, $4@4 S3: Texas grass
steers. $3 3004; Texas *nulls, $2 50@3 50. . ¦
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 2%i ¦?. 6 2%
Closing 6 2'i 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening.... ; .19 30 20 50
Closing 19 10 20 35
Flour — v. "
Opening 24 85 25 95
Closing 24 65 25 65
On the Produce Exchange to-day the. Butter
market was Inactive; creameries, 14@19c; dairy,
U%<918c Cheese, dull, ' lOU0H%c. Eggs, dull;
fresh, 18c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24/000 37,000
"Wheat, bushels 0C.0OO 17,000
Corn, bushels ...403.000 135,000
Oats, bushels ...465.000 200,000
Rye. bushels 7,000 2,000
Barley, bushels ..62,000 20.000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 63@78c; No. 2 red,
75(Ji753ic; No. 2 corn, •75«?75 1 «c; No. 2 yellow,
37«i37Uc: No. 2 oats. 24if24^ic; No. 2 white.
26»ili27 1 /4c? No. 3 white. 26®27c: No. 2 rye, 52@
54c; lair to choice malting barley, 5l<gC2c; No.
1 Kail seed, $1 66: No. 1 Northwestern, {1 67;
prime timothy 6eed, 94 60; mess pork, -per bbl,
J14 2;@14 3714: lard, per 100 lbs, *7 40@7 42Vi:
short-rib sides (loose), S6 95@7 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). GVitjCUc; short clear sides
(boxed), $7 30@7 40: whisky, distillers 1 finished
goods, per gal, $1 27; clover, contract grade, HI.
cf strength and St. Louta Southwestern pre
ferred pot a iio'.nt above Saturday at one time.
C. C. C. and St. Louis stocks rose 3 and SU
respectively for the common and preferred.
Th«- National EaJt »tocBs e&ineti 2 and 2H .re
spectively and Lead preferred recovered 5
points of its recent heavy decline. American
Tobacco was 2 1 * point* over Saturday at the
h'.Rhest. But theee points of strength were the
exceptior.s 1° the market, although they had
an effect In rallying other stocks and In largely
reducing the average net losses. The market
pave urimi*".alc£.ble evicence of a decline in
the speculative furor and a disposition to re
vise the more sanguine estimate of the high
price already attained for many stocks and
th^ce expected for others. Disappointment was
ke<*r.ly manifest among the holders of St. Paul
over the failure of coatrmation of the many
ptories of 11 lease to the Northern Pacific, now
rretty thoroughly discredited. The stock was
forced at on»» time below 150, which was 4H
below Saturday and closed with a net loss
of S 1 *. The other grangers were weak, ap
j arently !n sympathy. The local traction
j=tock« re!ap»ed sharply after the buoyant move
iricnt of Saturday and Manhattan closed weak
i.t the lov.-ect after a rr.Mday rally at a net
lof» cf 2f». The Pacifies were vigorously gold,
bat Missouri PiclSc showed a good recovery.
At one llm*> the majority of the active stocks
In the list were from .one to over two points
below Saturday. No admissions could be se
cured from any international house of any ar
ranpemerts to ship gold, but with sterling ex
change continuing to advance, . reserves of
raoney rapidly increasing at this center and
continued uneasiness over the future In Lon-
Ccn. the conviction Is general that a consider
able sum will go out and that the movement
will be inaugurated on Wednesday.
The railroad bond market was weak In sym
pathy with ftocks. Total sales, $2,800,000.
United EtatM bonds were unchanged.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhares . Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
11.S00 Atchfcon 4.MJ
1MM Atchlson prefd — .' 8O',j
10.500 Baltimore & Ohio Sg<4
Canadian Pacific 88
400 Can&<ia Southern S~,4
t<ji» ciitia^calie & Ohio I'.'k
l.ad a. notable recovery from the early weak
r^fs. the first preferrcl Betting 2% above Sat
urday. The Southwestern group Bhowed signs
N'ETV YORK, Jan. 14.— The currents In to
fiay's stock market were exceedingly confuting
end Irregular and the contest between specu
lative forces w£« by no meaas conclusive.
1 here was a very large amount of speculative
liquidation a<?rnmplisned and there were periods
of acute and general weakness. Some of the
recently prominent FtocUs In the advance suf
ffred fi-rm material eetbaclce. On the other
hand there were stocks whose ptrengrth was
constant in varying degree throughout the ses-
Bicn. The selling movement showing eymp
toms cf having largely expended itself during
the course of the day and there were signs
of renewed airBressivences on the part of the
bull interest? and th« market rallied through
out from the midday low level. New stocks
CUM into the leadermVilp and there were indi
cations that the personality of the leaders of
the Fpeculitio:i had also undergone some
change. Tlie brciers who were the largest
f-o-iicrs in the raiirnad list were very heavy
buyers cf some of the t-teel stocks and it was
evident that an attempt was to be made to
conduit a double campaign in the market on
:::•¦ bear side in come of the railroads and on
the bull Eld* In the steel stocks. The market
cli;f*d. in fact, with some notable advances
scored in the ctcel group and with renewed
w«"iknc-£s ameng th« railroad and specialties.
eom« of the latter two clp-sses selling at the
lowest on the last sales. There were points of
strength during the day in the railroad list
ar.d among quite a number of the stocks not
usually conspicuous in the trading. The Eriet
Krti' York Stock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 14.-Of the bullishness which
manifested itself near the closa Saturday there
was stili enough left to cause wheat to ignore
the bearlshness of the later developments.
May opened fc,c lower to i^c higher at 77*i<07Sc,
and on buying by commission-houses and
shorts rallied during the first hour to 78%c,
Cables were indifferent, Northwest receiptB
heavy and world shipments 8. 363.000 bushels.
The immensity of thes-e shipments, however,
and the visible increase of 6W,ooo bushels an
nounced later had been well discounted. On
the bulge the demand fell off and offerings,
which early had been rather light, increased.
The trade at last wm taking cognizance of
the heavy movement and the market slumped
to 77%c. Here it held steady for a while and
toward the end of the session dropped to 77Uc
The close was weak. May '/iStic lower at
<<HS.«%c. Exporters reported six loads taken.
Seaboard clearances in wheat and flour- were
equal to 436,000 bushels.
The corn market waa narrow. The opening
was firm on the unfavorable weather, but
prices eased off a bit later In sympathy with
wheat. May closed steady, a shade down at
3S^®3SM!C.
Oats were quiet and steady. The receipts,
SS4 cars, caused some selling early, but offer
ings were well taken. May closed a shade up
at 25c. ,
Provisions were moderately active and strong
on a good demand. May pork closed 25c higher;
May lard, 10c up; May ribs, 10c improved.
The leading, futures ranged as follows*
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 75H 75% 74ft 74%
February 75% 76 75 70U
May 78 7S% 77% 77$4
Corn No. 8 —
January 86% 36% 36% 36»i
February ZIY4. 37U 37 37
May 3S*i 3S% 3S% 38%
Oats Xo. 2—
January 23H 23»4 23% 23%
February 25 25Vi 24% 25
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 14 45 14 45 14 27^ 14 27^3
May 14 00 14 23 14 00 14 25
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 7 40 7 42V4 7 4*> 7 42Vi
March 7 37H 7 45 7 37H 7 45
May 7 45 7 66 7 45 7 65
Short Ribg, per 100 lbs—
January 7 02<4 7 07^4 7 00 7 02^4
I May 7 OVA 7 20 7 07^ 7 20
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E3; minimum. 45; mean. <?.
"«VEATHI£R. COXDITIOW AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The piTfs-jr* has risen rapidly along' th«
oast from Cape Mendoclno northward, and
<-onciitlons are more favoiaMf for fair weather
than tbey have b**<?n for ma.ny Jays past. Dur
ing the pas=t twelve hours there has been a
rise of nearly four-tenths of an inch over
Oregon and Southern Washington. The storm
ap|*-arF to be moving rapidly eastward over
Montana.
There lias been but little change In tem
perature west of the Rooky Mountains. At
the mouth of the Columbia River there hai
b<^n a fall of about 10 degrees. In the grrat
rmllejra of California the temperatures are
alw^ut normal.
Ua!n has fallen generally from Red Bluff
north. The river at Sacramento Is 22.6 feet
an-1 falling.
The following maximum wind velocities are
r*T-crted: Neah Bay. 22 miles per hour from
the west: Srr.kane. :» from the southwest, and
Baker City 22 from the E?uihwest.
Forecast made ct San Francisco for thirty
hours endins mirtn'.ght January 15:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; lipht
noi-therly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— I'a'.r Tuesday; brisk weeterly winds.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; probably rain in
northern ix^rtlcn.
Arizora — Fair Tuesday.
San Francirco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh north ¦wind?.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The week opened with a weaker , feeling : in
Poultry,.' and^ dealers predicted lower
to-day.-
Arrivals of Game were about 150 ¦ sacks, . but
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Southern Vegetables were the
heaviest this season, being 128 sks and 34 bxs.
Prices stood up j well, however, though Peas
dragged somewhat. • ' . ; ¦
Onions wre firm, and dealers were disposed
to ask an advance. There was no particular
change in > Potatoes, except higher , prices for
Merced Sweets. -
POTATOES— Early Rose, 75c(f11; River Reds.
65c@$l;' Burbanks, 40@55c for River and 83c@
$1 15 per ctl for Salinas and 6oc@$l for Oregon;
Sweets. 4C®Wc for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 S3@U 10 per, ctl; Cut Onions, $1^
1 25 P*r ctl. ."V ,
.VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4@7c per lb;
Strlnp Ueans, S@15c: Cabbage,- 90c; .Toma
toes. Los Angeles, $1 25©2 25 per crate; Egg
Plant. Los Angeles, ¦. 10<8>12V&o per lb;' Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, 6® 8c per lb for Chile
and 12H@15c . for Bell : Dried Peppers. 9@llc;
Dried Okra, 10@15c perlb; Carrots, 25@35c per
box; Hothouse Cucumbere, ¦•¦ $1 23@1 50 ¦ per
dozen;- Summer Squash, - $1 50@2 . per box; Gar
lic, 4c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $12<ij'2O per
ton; Mushrooms, 10(g'20c per lb.'
Beans continue quiet at previous quotations.
BEANS— Bayos, ?2 £0@2 70; Small White.
$4 603:4 65; l^arge White. $3 65(^3 80; Pink, $2 20
®2 S5; Red, "$2 7503; Blackeye. $3; Limas, ?5 50
@5 (5; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50<Q3: Canary,
SVi'&S^io for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7}4@9V4c; Rape,
2&2>ic; Hemp, 3yi<33%c; Timothy. 6V4c
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2©2 50; Green. $2 70
®3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
The market runs along about the same, day
after day, the demand for all descriptions
being sufficient to absorb arrivals.
BRAN— $14 £0@15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16@17 per
ton; Ollc-ake Meal at the mill, ?25@26: Jobbing,
$28 50; Cocoanut Cake, *17@18; Corn Meal. $25®
25 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50®26; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. ¦ •
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8: Wheat, $11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10<B12 50; Oat, $9@12 : Clo\-er.
nominal; Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley, $7 50®9 53
Pe sTR A W-35@47%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
8 R0, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 7B©2 85 per barrel for family and
J2 7503 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
S3.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usval discount to the trade: Graham
Flair, 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 B0: Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny, $3 50«I3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, fi 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6©
7 25; in sacks. $5 75QT; Pearl Barley, |5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $3 50 per 100 lb«.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May — iOOO ctls,
72Hc.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
72'.ic.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — Previous prices ruled, with a dull
market. , ¦ _ .
White, |1 30@l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 25@1 40 for Feed and $1 S5@l 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, $1 17Vi@l 20:
for "Seed, $1 !5@1 30 per ctl.
CORN— The market continues extremely dull.
Yellow U 12^101 15; White, $1 10@l 15; East
ern mixed, $1 12H per ctl.
RYE— 85®87%c per Ctl.,
BUCKWHEAT- Quoted at $1 83 per ctl.
CALL, BOARD SALES
WIIEAT — Liverpool was firm and Paris lower.
New York advanced, but subsequently de
clined.
Chicago opened firm at Saturday's cloee.
There were few Fellers, and New York and
St. Louis bought, the latter heavily. Later on
the market eased oft on lagging outside mar
kets and became heavy. Counselman & Day
sold on the swell, which checked the advance
and caused outside selling. It looked as . if
some longs were getting out, but exporters
were good buyers and the commission houses
were the best buyers on the break. The Amer
ican supply increased .E«4.000 bushels. The
world's 8hlrroents were as follows: Russian,
S9.000 quarters; Argentine, 56,000; Australian,
45,000. Danubian navigation was closed.
The local market continued dull and weak.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1; milling. $1 02H@
1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesslon-9:15 o'clock-May-IOOO ctln,
$1 05^; 2000, SI 05%.
Second Session— December— 8(HV> ctls. $1 09H.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctla,
$1 0n*4 • 2000, $1 05>,i. December— 2000. $V 09%.
Afternoon Session-May-SOCO ctls, Jl 05; 2000.
$1 04%.
BARLEY— The market was so dull on the
Produce Exchange that the sellers put up their
samples and left the floor.
. Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72^®73»io for
No. 1 and 70c for oft grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 77^'gS2 1 ic: Chevalier, nominal.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — *4 84V»
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS'-i
Sterling Cables — < S3Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — "nVt
Fino Silver, per ounce — 63V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60V4 @ 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Tunis, the black charger that General
Boulanger rode "en revenant d« la revue"
In 1SS8. Is dead and bts tail has been sent
as a memento to Henri Rochefort. So
says L'lntranslg-eant.
The market for evaporated apples experi
enced a dull trade to-day, with unimportant
price changes noted. State common, 3»i<??4?ic
rrime, S@5»sc; choice. 5>~@6c: fancy, 6® 7c
California dried fruits quiet. Prunes were
quoted at fl(Q8Hfl per pound. Apricots— Royal
7%^12c; Moot-park. Sli'SlSc. Peaches— Peeled'
HSlSc; unpeeled, 6%®10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined firm.
COFFEE— Spot Uio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
<^c; mild, dull; Cordova; S®124c. Futures
closed quiet. 5@10 points higher. Total sales.
S,o(l bags. January. $5 65; March, $5 80; May.
%j F:^j3 90; September, $6; December, $6 10. !
BUTTER— Receipts, 5435 packages. Steady at
the decline. Creamery, 16g21c; June creamery.
1 jf5 2Cc ; factory. Iigi4c.
EGGS— Receipts. 5339 packages. Firm: West
ern, average packed, at mark, 19S>2OV4e; West
ern, less off. 21c
WHEAT-Receipts, 6S.O0O bushels; exports,
£S,2SS. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, Sl%c f. 0. b.
nfloat and SOc elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
SC^ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. SIHc
f. f>. b. afloat. Options opened steady and for
a time ruled quiet and tlrm on good speculative
buying in face of bearish statistics. Ulti
mately, however, the latter prompted realizing
under.which prices lost the advance and held
weak all afternoon. A large visible supply in
crease, liberal primary receipts, big- world's
shipments and an Increase on passage were
tho chief factors. Closed weak at %c net de
cline. January, closed S0->gc; March. 81%<?TS2c,
closed 81%c; Hay. S1*@S2 ll-16c. closed Sl^ic;
July. SlHfiSl 11-16C, closed SlUc.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOI.— Dull.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— FLOUR-Receipts,
27,440 barrels; exports, 9675. Weak and lower
to sell.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate, as ccrruared with those of same date
last season, ar.d . rainfall ia last twenty-four
hours:
<120th ;.fc?ridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 14—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
ZZtJ'. advices from New York say:
"At last th«>re is an unmistakable better feel
ing in California loose and layer raisir.s. The
treat s!umr> of prices here has attracted the
attention of buyers in the West, and as the
P.aisln Association has held prices up on the
ccatt. shipments from California have been
light during the r'ast few months. As stocks
In Western cities are now beginning to become
rather reduced. deaJers at those points have
quite naturally turned to this market for eup
j'lie*. it being puksibie to buy here considerably
cheaper than from the coast. This inquiry.
which comes cliiefly from Chicago and St.
1-^uis, has had the effect of causing a number
nf ctioap lots of goods to disappear from the
market and the situaiicn is decidedly firmer
en the spot. Sale of a car of 3-crown loose.
f> so to Chicago, was reported at from 5?»<i£<>e:
also sal^s of two cars of London layers. i.rii*e
Slut larned. Layers were obtainable without
difftculty last w^ek at Jl tSffl SO, but it was
practically impossible to l-uy at those quota
tinns je^iterday.
""Ourrams j«-actically are unchanged on spot,
though more favorable cables are reported from
F.Tici&nd. Datts are steady, except for Sairs,
¦which are He lower at C*«c. Evapi->rated apples
• are easier, shorts having largely covered.
Waste is lower, crept fciphtr.
"Filberts are HS^c lower, owing to f«Jr re
cent arrivais and light demand. Sale of M
bags was reported at lt^c. Tarragona almonds
er> firm. A bid rt 13' 4 c for a round lot waa re
ported turned down."
Nezv York Raisin Market.
1.219.C00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
TJ S 23 ref reg....lC3% N Y Central lits.106%
U S 2s ref coup..l05*i N J Cent gen 8s.. 128
U S 3s registered. 10i»H Nor Pacific 3s 70%
TJ S 2s coupon. ...110 Nor Pacific 4s 104H
U B new 4s reg...l37H N Y C & St L 4s.lOS»i
U 8 new 4s coup.l37>i Nor & W cons 4S.100
U B old 4s reg...H4 Oregon Nav lsts.109
U S old 4s coup.. 114 Oregon Nav 4s. ..103%
U S 6e registered. 112 Or Short Line 6s..l29Vi
U S 5s coupon. ..112 Or S L cons 5s. ..116ft
Dist of Col 3.65S..123 Reading gen 4s... 9414
Atchlson gen 4s..lO2'i R G Western lsts. 99'i
Atchlson adjust 4s f.R EtL Si I M con ta.lH!:
Canada Sou 2ds. ..103'i StL & S F gen 6S.12S
Ches &. Ohio 44s.l04*i St Paul consols.. 186V4
Cbes & Ohio 5s. ..1M St P C & P lsts. .US
C & N consol 7s. .139*4 St Paul C & P 53.120
C & N BF Deb 5S.123 I Southern Pac 4s... 84
Chicago Term 4s.. 92%; Southern- Ry 5s...ll2«i
Col Southern 4s... 85 Stand R- & T 6s.. 63
Denver & R G 4s.l004' Texas & Pac lsts. 115%
Erie general 4s... 84% Tex & Pac 2ds.... 93
Ft W & D C lsts. 81% Union Pacific 4S..106
Gen Electric 6s. ..155 Wabash lsts 118%
Iowa Central lsts. 115%! Wabash 2ds.f. 109%
L & N unified 4s. 100'.; i West Shore 43.... 114
M K t T 2ds 77V t !wis Cent lsts...; 854
M K & T 4s 97«4'Va Centuries 96%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con SOjLittle Chief 16
Alice 45 Ontairo 6 25
Breece 2 00 ; Ophir ....70
Brunswick Con 26:Phoenix 18
Comstock Tunnel... 04Potlsl 12
Con Cal & Va 1 70; Savage • 18
Dcadwood T 64 Sierra Nevada Zj
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 62 Standard 3 75
Lead vl Me Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Union Land, 3
Call loans 4@44 West End 93 '
Time loans 4©5 I WeEtinghouse El.. 56
Stocks-* I Bonds —
A T & S F 45*i Atchison 4s 101%
A T & S F prefd. 80*4 N E G & Coke 5s. 65
American Sugar.. .1364 Mining shares—
Am Sugar prefd.. 117% Adventure . — .... 10
Bell Telephone 163% Allouez Mng Co.. 16
Boston & Albany.253 Amalg Copper 9OV4
Boston & Maine. .194 Atlantic 2S
C B &. Q 1444 Boston & Mont. ...320
Dominion Coal 06 s ; Butte & Boston.. 81
Dom Coal prefd.. 108 Calumet & Hecla.836
Federal Steel 66 Centennial 23
Fed Steel prefd... 75*4 Franklin .17
Fltchburg prefd.. .139 Humboldt 50
General Electric. .191 Osceola 53%.
Gen Klec prefd. ..161 Parrot 47%
Ed Elec III TiO Quincy ..175
Mexican Central.. 14% Santa Fe Copper.. 6>;
-N E Gas & Coke. 12'i Tamarack 33fl
Old Colony 206 Utah Mining 43
Old Dominion ....32 Winona 534
Rubber 2J. WolverlRM' O
Union Pacific .... C5J4
18.CC0 Chicago Great Western l"?i
15.S0O Chicago Burlington & Quincy 144
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 25%
C00 Chicago Ind & L>oulsville prefd 60'/^
100 Chicago &. Eastern Illinois ?5 ] t
SX) Chicago & Northwestern 173Vi
1C.20O "Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 123^,
fc.S00 C C C & St Louis 79i»
3(V> OnloraJo Southern 7 7 »
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42V*
ZV Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
B,2jO Delaware & Hudson 155Vj
400 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 196H
2.200 Denver & IUo Grande 32»4
600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 83H
65,400 Erie .._ 2S4
91.200 Erie 1st prefd 664
1,200 Great Northern prefd 195
300 Hocking Coal 15
S.SeO Hocking Valley 45
1,500 Illinois Central 13l'i 1
400 Iowa Central 24
300 Iowa Central prefd 56 7 i '
Lake Erie & Western 43 ]
KO Lake Erie & Western prefd Ill I
Lake t'hore 230 ]
17.EC0 Louisville & Nashville ?»'?»
£4. COO Manhattan Elevated 113 L fe I
6.SU0 Metropolitan Street Railway 1G7*- ]
1.700 Mexican Central 14*; 1
l.OfO Minneapolis & St Louis G&?*
-00 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 105
26,000 Missouri Pacific S4^i 1
500 Mobile & Ohio a. 47
3 400 lllssouri Kansas & Texas 16&i
32.100 Missouri aKnsas & Texas prefd 47»* ,
1.2C0 New Jersey Central 156
6.200 New York Central 141Vi
7.S00 Norfolk & Western il%
300 Norfolk & Western S3 1 *
4f>,i00 Northern Pacific 83^
2.70) Northern Pacific prefd P«Vs
44. 4W Ontario & Western 33
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
! Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
S.O0O Pennsylvania 143$i
39.400 Reading 73
14.S00 Reading 1st prefd 44Vi
13,700 Reading 2J prefd 46
Rio Grande Western S2
Rio Grande Western prefd 2o?»
7,200 St Louis & San F*ran SO ;
400 St Louis & Fan Fran 1st prefd 2o%
2,200 St Louis & San Fran Id prefd Sfi»i
10, SCO St Louis Southwestern C2>»
30.2'>O St Louis Southwestern prefd El'j
0.200 St Paul 151
200 St Paul prefd l?0
100 St Paul & Omaha 125
".©¦O Southern Paciflci 42 l i
6. £00 Southern Railway 21'.i
S.200 Southern Railway prefd 72
Texas & Pacific 26*i
11.400 Union Pacific 85%
80.106 Union Pacific prefd 83» t
6,000 Wftbash 12'%
fOO Wabrsh prefd 26%
S.CrtO "Wheeling & Lake Erie 12
2.700 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 28H
2,600 Wisconsin Central 13U
Third Avenue 122
14,506 Baltimore & Ohio prefd S6 l i
8.200 National Tube E6%
2,000 National Tube prefd 93
Express Companies —
Adams 145
200 American 17S
200 United States ES
200 Wells Fargo 133
Miscellaneous —
POO American Cotton Oil 30
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 87
100 American Malting 4?;
American Malting prefd I 26
20.700 American Smelting and Refining... S3?i
4,600 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... SS 1 .
American Spirits 2 J i
American Spirits prefd 17
2..VK) American Steel Hoop 30V1
1.200 American Steel Hoop prefd 75V*
22,300 American Steel & 'Wire 4i>»i
3.200 American Steel & Wire prefd 86^
32,300 American Tin Plate 63^
SOO American Tin Plate prefd 50
S7.M0 American Tobacco 115%
American Tobacco prefd 140
Anaconda Mining Cos. 46
16.500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit M4
1L700 Colorado Fuel & Iron 50"»
Sl.SOO Continental Tobacco ,... 43%
£00 Continental Tobacco prefd 95
32.100 Federal Steel 55Ts
2,700 Federal Steel prefd "4»i
800 General Electric 130
100 Glucose Su«rar 4S
Glucose Sugar prefd 94
200 International Paper 22^i
400 International Paper prefd 72Vs
Loclede Gas 70
SOO National Biscuit 40
National Biscuit prefd 92
400 National Lead 16H
1.200 National Lead prefd 85
5.600 National Steel 41»i
700 National Steel prefd 92
SOO New York Air Brake 134
1,500 North American 20^4
200 Pacific Coast, ex dlv 6744
Pacific Coast 1st prefd. ex dlv 91
300 Pacific Coast 2d prefd, ex div 66
200 Pacific Mall 41%
1.500 People's Gas 10214
6,200 Pressed Steel Car 43 l i
€00 Pressed Steel Car prefd 80%
ICO Pullman Palace Car t W8
Standard Rope & Twine 44
14.200 Sugar IKM
Sugar prefd 118
R 6f *> Tenn«»ssee Coal & Iron 55
3.300 Un'.ted States Leather 13
2,500 United States Leather prefd ~i\
fi.200 United States Rubber 21
2.200 United States Rubber prefd €l»i
" 6.20O Western Union 36Vfe
Amalgamated Copper SOVi
2,«!0 Republic Iron & Steel 15
1,200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 61
P C C & St Louis ESV4
Sterling Exchange advanced. Silver unclianged.
Wheat and Barley very quiet. Other cereals dull.
Hay and Feedstuff s in fair demand and steady. ¦
Beans quiet, ivith no further fluctuation.
Szvcct Potatoes higher and Onions firm. Vegetables plentiful.
Butter and Cheese weak. Eggs steady, xvith larger receipts.
Poultry zx'cak and Game steady.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes abou^ as before.
Bananas and Pineapples in large supply and weak.
Provisions about as previously quoted.
Hogs firm and in light supply, but no higher.
Local stocks and. bonds moderately active.
Oil stocks continue in brisk demand and generally firm.
Raisins doing better in the East.
LONDON Jan. 14.-Atchison. 47% : Canadian
Pacific, 93%: Union Pacific preferred. 86%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 90; Grand Trunk,
i%; Anaconda. 9*4; Rand mines, 36%; bar sil
ver steady, 29Vid per ounce; money, 2&@3 per
cent.
CLOSING,
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet to-day. Ameri
cans were weak on cash sales in connection
with the recent Westrallan collapse, which it
U estimated has caused a direct loss of £2,500 -
00 P t0 i ne Stock Exchange. The market was
?i s0 ,, affected by lhe stiffness of Contangoes,
t«6H. St. Paul was an exception, opening
at 1 and then going to 2 and then to 4. Busi
ness waa slack and the doee weak on the
aUence of New York support Money rates
were unaltered.
London Market.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,0C0,fiC0 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, $138,29S,S04; gold. JS4.335.316.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— Money on call steady
at 2^04 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent. Sterling ex
change lirm. witji actual business in bankers'
bills at S4 SIM for demand and at $4 S3ffl4 S3»i
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S4@4 88; com
mercial bills. H Witni f3\i. Silver certificates;
bi'sWtio^BC. Bar silver. «3^c. Mexican dollars,
43T*c. Oovernment bonds, steady: State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds, weak.
New York Money Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS,
MONDAY. Jan. 14-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha OG 07)Just!c* fs 09
Alta 03 06 Kentuck C3 04>
Andes 08 10 Lady Wath — 03
Belcher 15 IS Mexican SI 32
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental 04 05
Bullion 02 MiOphlr «7 M
Caledonia 84 87;Ovennan IS M
Challenge Con. 13 20 Potosl 11 13
Chollar 13 14jSa.vags 15 17
Confidence 60 63|Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l«3 1 70 Ses Belcher.... 02 <H
Con Imperial... 11 02; Sierra Nevada. 2t I*
Con New York, fll —I Silver Hill 48 47
Crown Point... 17 19jSt Louis OS —
Eureka Con — 35 Standard 4 10 —
Exchequer — 02 < Syndicate «w n
Gould & Curry. 50 61 ! Union Con» 22 23
Hale & Norcrs. 17 13 Utah _ CS 03
Julia _ 02 03 Tellow Jacket.. 13 11
«S2 2 est & B^cher 23! 2C0 Gould & Carry. 4S
800 Best & Belcher 241 SCO Mexican 3*
«W Best & Belcher 23j 700 Mexican 35
300 Challenge Con. 20! 5iX> Mexican 32
.52 £°. n S? 1 & V " x w 50 ° Mexican 31
700 Con Cal & V...1 83 600 Mexican 30
800 Con Cal & V...I 70 300 Ophlr :\
200 Con Cal & V.l 6714! 400 Ophir 7*
SOO Crown Point... 13 300 Ophlr 72
31V) Crown Point... 17j 600 Ophlr 7i>
300 Crown Point... 16 200 Ophlr 63
200 Exchequer oil 500 Yellow Jacket. U
Afternoon, Session
Wfl Belcher IV 150 Just!c» rv»
1400 Best & Belcfcer » 1500 Mexican ....."" n
300 challenge Con. 21 1 400 Mexican ...."' S3
3(0 Con Cal & V...1 90 800 Mexican '. j 4
E50 Con Cal & V.I 87%; 300 Mexican j-.
900 Con Cal & V...1 S3! 400 Mexican n
250 Ccn Cal A V.l 82% SCO Ophlr 7*
1230 Con Cal & V...1 80 200 Ophlr n
«00 Con Cal & V.I 77% SCO Ophlr 71
2100 Con Cal & V...1 75! MOO Ophir 7*
2800 Con Cal & V.l 73%; SCO Overman 1?
400 Con Cal & V...1 70 300 Sierra Nevada. 23
100 Confidence 60! 500 Union Con 22
400 Crown Point... 14! 700 Union Con 23
200 Hale & Norcrs. 13 230 Union Con 25
Mornlnsr Session.
Following were the sales In the Paclfl" stor'c
Exchange yesterday:
200 Andes 08 100 Hale & Norcn. IT
300 Belcher 15 1100 Mexican 23
10O Best & Belcher 23 500 Occidental 04
5T0 Best & Belcher 22 300 Ophlr ;»
700 Con Cal & V a ..l «5 10O Overman r,
6CO Con Cal & Va..l 70 10ft Savage 15
500 Con Cal & Va..l 75 ' 1C0 Sierra Nevada 13
100 Crown Point... 141 500 Union Con.
2CO Gould & Curry. 43 ; 1100 Yellow Ja<-k»t' ' ij
10O Hale & Norcra. IS I
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 06, 200 Ophir .. -i
400 Belcher 13' 50 Ophir 7
950 Con Cal & Va..l SO' 20O Overman 1*
200 Con Cal & Va..l S3 1 IPO Savage itt
100 Crown Point... 18! 3tt> Sierra »m£T »7
100 Crown Point... 13:1200 St Lnuls T,i
100 Gould & Curry. 53» 30O rnion Coii 2-1
HPO Mexican S3! 100 Yellow Jacket" 11
200 Occidental 04* 2C«> Yellow Jacket." 13
Morning Session,
Following were the sales in the San Fraa
pisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
OREGON,
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 14.— In this market
to-day 56c was quoted as the top figure for
Walla Walla Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 14.— Wheat, steady; Elue
Stem, 67V4c; Club. 55c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 14.— Clearings, $460,
709; balances, JS9.413.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 14. — WHEAT — Spot,
strong; No. 1 California. 6s od; No. 2 Red
Western winter, 6s 2ttd; No. 1 Northern
Spring. 6s 4^d. Futures, steady; March. 6s
2Hd; May. 6a 2%d.
CORN— Spot, easy: American mixed new, 33
ll%d; old, 4s Id. Futures, steady; January,
3s ll%d; March, 3s lOHd; May, 3s 9%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. 14.— Consols, 96%@97. Silver.
29Vid. French rentes, lOlf 82%c@101f 87>$c.
Wheat cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
Cargoes No. 1 Standard California, 30s 7Hd;
cargoes. Walla ¦ Walla,' 29a Sd; English country
markets, steady; Wheat imports into United
Kingdom, 170,000 bushels; Flour Imports into
United Kingdom. 312,000 quarters; Wheat and
Flour on passage to United Kingdom, 2.610,000;
Wheat and Flour on passage to Continent/
880,000.
LIVERPOOL. Jan 14.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 5d@6s 5%d: Wheat in
Paris, dull; Flour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet. Weather In England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 17-32.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, January 12, as compiled by
tho New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows :
Bushels. Decrease. Increase.
Wheat 61.845,000 584,000
Corn 10,630,000 210,000
Oats ..9.912,000 626.000
Rye 1.242.000 24,000 .
Barley 2,230,000 253,000
Foreign Markets.
Visible Gra in Supply.
• NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The Cotton market
opened easy, with prices 4®6 points lower.
This loss was soon Increased to a matter of 10
(1 12 points by active soiling from all directions
led by tired holders. Fresh liquidation carried
prices to the, low point of the day at the close.
The market was finally easy, net 10@17 points
lower.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
conspicuous by Us absence, and' trading was of
a hand-to-mouth character. : Advices from
abroad noted a loss of £l:10s in Tin to. £118 7s
6d, which created a warjn undertone to the local
situation, following arrivals of 155 tons of Tin.
with about 1400 tons expected this week. The
close was quiet and " easy, with sellers on • the
basis of $26 25. •
LEAD— A small Jobbing business waa done
at $4 37%, but the trend of prices was down
ward, in sympathy with foreign weakness.
SPELTER— Dull at $4 10@4 15.
COPPER— The market ruled very dull; nom
inally quoted at $17 for Lake Superior and $16
for casting.
PIG IRON— Warrants were dull at $9 50®
10 50; Northern Foundry, $15@16 50.
Flour, qr sks 9.01S Hay, tons J95
Wheat, ctls ...140.51S Shorts. sks.......'-L-'75
Barley, ctls 9,610 Raisins, bxs 750
Oata, ctls.....'.... • 90 Brandy, gals..... 2.10O
Bran, sks... 557 Wine, gals....... 100,050
Corn, ctls 230 Tallow, ctls 12
Beans, sks 3.3161 Leather,' rolls..:. -74
Potatoes, sks. 5,923 1 Lime, bbls .... " 364
Onions, ska... 523 Pelts, bdls. ....... 2S1
Middlings, sks... 533 Hides, No 957
OREGON.
Flour.\qr sks 8.542 Bran, sks JOO
Wheat, ctls 530
EASTERN. . ' ' >: •
Flour, qr sks.... 4,440 Hops, bales....... 10
Cornmeal, sks S00 , . .
WASHINGTON.
Corn,; Ctls. 5001
JANUARY 14.
FOR MONDAY,
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Magnolia A, 5.35c; Extra C.
6.25c; Golden ,C, 5.13c; barrels, 10c more- half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for .less than TZ
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels, . 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
COAX, — Wellington. - $9 per ton: ¦. Sou infield
Wellington, > *9; Seattle, $7 ; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay; $5 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative .Walls
end, $9: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks ;¦ Pennsylvania Anthracite. Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 pr ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Muontain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 . per ton, according to
brand. • ,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-Ib bags:
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6Hc; Wool Bags.
£S 1 / i9S2'.4c; Fleece Twine, 7%c."
General Merchandise.
PORK — Live Hogs. 5v£c for small and 5%c for
medium and 5H®S^ic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5H@5%c; dressed Hogs, 7H@8^c.
LAMB— 10«?llc per lb: spring. 12H@15c per lb
The expected, advance in Hogs did not mate
rialize yesterday, though the market was firm,
with light supplies.
BEEK- 7@»c tor Steers and 6@7c rer lb for
Cows. -
VEAL— Larsre. 8@9e; small, 9@10c Der lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9%@10c; Ewes, 9®9Hc
per pound.
Fall clip— San Joaquin. 6H@Sc; do lambs. 8©
9c; Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10@llc; Southern Mountain, 7%®SHc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 12®16c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL — Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15®16c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 15<gl6c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12f)14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@10c ; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', SSfllc; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 18
@17c: Nevada, 13tf?16c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9%c; medium, 9c; light, 8@8Hc; Cow Hides.
8&O for heavy and S@8%c for light; Stags, 6©
6Hc: Salted Kip, Oc; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Cal*. 10c; Dry Hides, 15Vic; culls, 134c; Dry
Kip,* lac; Dry Calf, 15@16c;' culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool, 3O4J55C each; medium, 60@75c; long Wool
76c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 5002 75 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium jigl 25 for small
and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for
large, $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and Me
for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoraa, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No. 2,
2@3%c; grease, 2@2V4c. •
COTTOLENE- One half -barrel. 8Hc; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces
7%c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@6»ic pfT lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9Vic; 10-lb tins. ?\c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
Prices are about as before, with a' quiet
market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll@UHc per lb for
heavy, ll%t?12c for light medium. 1^4®13c for
light, IZy-dlUc for extra light and IS.gilSHc for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11V£@
12c; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mesi $13;
Family. «4t <-xtra Primp Pork. S15«M5 .Vr : »xtra
clear, $19 E0@20; Mess, $17; -Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound. %
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softFhell. lie: No. 2. 8c: No. 1
hardshell. 10c; No. 2, 7%c: Almonds. 12@13c for
papershell. 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts. 5@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans, llSISc; Cocoanuts. $3 M©5.
HONEY— Comb. !?.%@14%c for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
74i©Sc; light amber extracted, 6V63"c; <lark,
6'«ti>/4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Co per lb.
Provisions.
¦ RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, S*ic; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice, 9 l ,4c; standard, 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6\ic: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa, »2 50 ; v Imperial, %3. All
prices f. o. b.- at common chipping points In
California.
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
S0-40s. 7c; 4O-60s, 6Vic; 60-Ws. 4%c; 6O-7Os, 3%c;
rO-SOs. 3V4c; 8O-90s, 2%c: 90-100s. 2%c; 100-120s,
Ihic; rubles, Vtc premium; Sonomas, He and
Ban Joaqulns Vic Ies3 than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Aprl
tcts, 6@Sc for Royals and 10@10Hc for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, oSSc; sun-dried.
3%@4Hc; Peache«, 4@5c for standard, 536c for
choice and 6%@7c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted. 5Q6%c; unpltted. l@lHc; Xec
tarines, 5@5%c for red and 5%g6c for white.
Advices from New York report more call for
Raisins, as will be seen in the first column.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
J>K«MniTOi;s FRUITS
APPLES — 35@65c per box for common and 75o
@*1 50 for good to choice; Spttzenbergs, $1 25®
1 75 ; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1 2501 50; Lady Ap-
I.les, $1@1 50 per box
PEARS— 50c(9$l per box.
• CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, $12: WIsconslns,
$13 60; Cape Cod, $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 50
#2 75 per box.
.CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2:
S'eedlings. 50cg$l 25; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins. 85c@$l; Lemons. 25cliil 25 for common
and $1 D0@2 50 for good to choice: Grape Fruit.
50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes, $4 50@5; California
Limes, 25(§35c: Bananas, 50c@$l 60 per bunch;'
Pineapples, 75c@?2 per doaen.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Northern Navels, $130S160;
choice Southern Navels, $1@1 50; Standard Na
vels, C0c@$l 35; Lemons, $1 lOi^l 50. Seven cars
are announced for Wednesday's auction.
The glut In Bananas continues, and Plneap
plea are also plentiful. Choice Apples ar»
scarce, in light supply and firm.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 22c; firsts, 19c; seconds,
17c. ¦ • > .¦
Dairy— Extras, ISc; firsts, 16c; seconds, 15o;
store, 12V4c.
Storage— Creamery extras, 20c; firsts, 18c;
seconds, ; dairy extras, 1,
Plckle-18c per lb.
Keg— ISc per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, fnll cream, 12c; choice
10%c - common, nominal; Young American
12c; Eastern, full cream, lafflSMsC per lb.
i.GGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 26c; mlxet.
colors, 24c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 23c; standard,
22c; seconds, — .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds. — — .
Storage — California fancy. ; standard. :
Eastern fancy, 21o; standard, ; seconds,.
Receipt* as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 37.500 lbs Butter, 645 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 6540 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
'- Receipts of Eggs were heavier than for
some time, but the market was quoted steady
on the Exchange. Cheese and Butter were
quoted weak, and the Chicago market for
Bulter dropped sharply, thus tending to de
press this market as far as outside orders
were concerned.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
as two- thirds were Hare the market for Ducka
kept up very well. . .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10<312%e for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
14&16c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2: Goslings. $1 75
(R2; Ducks. $405 f OY old. and $5«?6»for young:
Hens, $4 50@5 50; Young Roosters, $5@5 50; Old
Roosters, $4®4 50; Fryers, $5@5 50: Broilers,
$4 50@5 for large and $3 50@4 for small; Pigeons,
WHl 25 per dozen for old and tl 50@2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25 for Valley and $2 25 for
Mountain: Mallard. $3 50(54 50: Canvasback. $3
<Jr4 50; Sprig, $3®3 50: Teal. • $2 75®3; Widgeon,
$1 75@2; Snmll Duck, $1 25@1 50; Black Jack.
$160©175: Gray Geese, $303 50; White Geese,
$1<$?1 50; Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. $3<S4 50; English Snipe, $1 5002; Jack
Snipe, H 2391 50; Hare. $1P1 25; Rabblt3. $1 25
&l 50 for Cottontail and $1 50 for Brush; Doves,
65373c per dozen.
MONDAT. January 14—5:30 'p. m.
Board-r- :
900 Bear Flag Bo
650 Cala-Standard \ 40
ICO Caribou 55
500 Four Oil Co 57
3 Hanford ; 110 00
10 Hanford 105 00
400 Home Oil ....."... 3 85
1150 Independence 21
400 Lion Oil Co 29
800 Lion Oil Co 30
8900 McKittrlck Consolidated 20
200 Monarch of Arizona 73
400 Monte, Cristo 2 15
300 Occidental of W Va 65
100 Occidental of W Va 64
20 Oil City Petroleum S5 00
100 Peerless 8 00
I 50 Peerless 8 124
1100 Petroleum Center . 27
10CO Queen Esther 48
150O Reed Crude Oil Co *. 63
1800 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
500 Reed Crude Oil Co, s 30 69
10O San Joaquin Oil & Dev 14 CO
200 Sterling O & D Co 3 3T»
500 Twentv-Eight 2 37%
250 Wolverine 180
100 Wolverine 1 77V4
Street—
100 Twenty-Eight J 33
500 Lion Oil Co ,' 30
5 Oil City Petroleum 34 00
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent LftPCo — 4 Pac L Co 43% 44%
Eqult G L Co. m — Sac E GAR Co — —
Mutual El Co. 7 8 S F G & E.... 484 &\
OGL4H.... 50 — San Francisco. «V4 ?%
Pac Gas Imp. 43>4 — Stktn G & E.. «- 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'« Fund.230 233 I
BANK STOCKS.
Anplo-Cal Ltd 76 — Lon P & A 14$ —
Bank of Cal.: — 412 Merchants' Ex 16 —
Cal*S D & T..104 — S F Nat Bank.120 —
First NatlonUlO —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1S40 Sav & L So.. — —
Hum S & L... — — See Sav Bk..27S —
Mut Sav Bk.. 60 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U...510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....134 140 IOSL4H.... 40 —
Geary-st 45 — Presidio — 20
Market-st 63 69^1
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — — IVigorit Wi. I
Giant Con Co. 84H — I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6*4 — .Kilauea S Co. 21% —
Haw C & S Co 87H 90 [Makaweli S Co 41 41*4
Honokaa S Co 3H1 — Onomea S Co. 2SVi 23
Hutch S P Co. 26V§ — I Paauhau S Co. 32 32*4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
4.1 Pack Assn. 125 125 '» I Dceanic SS CalOl 103
?al Fruit Asn.103%105 I Pac A F A.... 2 —
ral "Wine Asn.100 — \ Pac Bor Co 153 154
Mer Ex Aasn. 97 — I Par Paint Co. 12% —
Morning Session.
Board—
40 Equitable Gaa - 3 75
363 Honokaa S Co 31 23
259 Hutchlnson S P Co 36 50
25 Kilauea S P Co 2175 j
25 Makawell ". 41 00
50 Market-st Railway 69 00
70 Oceanic S S Co 10100
10 Oceanic S S Co 10O 75
25 Oceanic S S Co 100 87%
60 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp 44 00
SOS P Gas and Electric 46 50
10 S F Gas and Electric 48 62%
10 S F Gas and Electric 46 75
20 S V Water 92 50
Street—
43 California Powder 150 00
10 California Wins Association 100 00
$1000 S F & S J V bonds ., 120 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
6 Contra Costa Water 70 H
125 Honokaa S Co 31 25
50 Hutchinson S P Co 26 50
10 Makawell 41 00
40 Market-st Railway C9 25
10 Oakland Gas 60 25
100 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
70 S F Gas and Electric 46 62%
5S V Water 92 50
$400 Los Angeles Lighting 5s, s 10 100 25
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5 per cents. .ill 59%
$1000 Omnibus Cable 6 per cents 128 00
$3000 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry 5s 98 87%
$2000 Pacramento Elec, Gaa & Ry 5s.... 99 00
$3000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cents 131 50
Street—
50 Contra Costa Water 70 75
200 Kilauea S P Co 2175
35 Makawell 41 0O
J3000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5 per cents.. 104 «0
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds 10S 62^
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
Board—
1000 Bear Flag . 50
15(0 Bear Flag ».... 4S
300 Bear Flag 52
100 Bear Flag .. .. 65
2000 Cala-Standard, s 30 •. 40
250 Cala-Standard .. 33
"M Cala-Standard 33
300 Cala-Standard 1 J7
1000 Cala-Standard, -,b 10 40
123 Caribou 50
500 Caribou, s 30 54
500 Caribou 65
1000 Continental 113
2000 Four Oil Co .-. 53
3000 Four Oil Co i 57'
1500 Four Oil Co „ 56
40CO Four Oil Co 65
2 Hanford 129 00
1 Hanford 117 00
. 1 Hanford .- 118 00
7 Hanfcrd .: 115 00
2C0 Home Oil 390
1000 Junction 83
100 Junction 85
120 Kern Oil Co 11 25
25 Kern River ., 17 25
1500 Lion Oil Co 28
1700 Lion Oil Co V 29
2000 McKtttrick Consolidated 20
800 Monarch of Arizona 80
50 Monte Cristo 2 15
23 Oil City Petroleum 35 00
200 Peerless 7 87£
600 Petroleum Center, b 27 28
2000 Queen Esther 45
200 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
1500 Reed Crude Oil Co 69
500 Reed Crude Oil Co. s 20 68
135 San Francisco & McKlttrtck 1 60
200 San Joaquin Oil * Dev 14 00
35 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 50
20O Sterling O & t> Co.'. 3 40
£0 Thirty-Three 12 00
100 Twenty-Eight 2 35
100 Wolverine I 70
10O Wolverine, b 30 175
900 Wolverine i 180
Street—
10O Occidental of W Va 63
42 Hanford ......110 CO
20 Kern Oil Co U 00
600 Reed Crude Oil Co 69
1400 Cala-Standard 40
3.T0 Monarch of Arizona, b 90 80
5C0 Bear Flag 63
SCO Bear Flag 54
Afternoon Session.
¦WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70% 70%| Spring Valley. MK -
Marin County. 51K — •
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
i?SKfe£§s -c|fnVjs:§ =
Geary-st RSs. — — £ & £ *J £ S'iTI ~
H C & S 5}is. - - Po»rf'-"V5 £ W
t-v> <<: 101 — Pac E O.vcR 3s. — us
DO 5 |^_--g--;-^J H _ s F & SJV 58.120 ISM,
IHH g£gfifi
L A P R R 59.100 — Series A) -"J°»J? —
Market-st 6a.. 12* -• Dp <Serle« *>»»*-
Do 1st M Bs.122 - Do (1306) ...111 112%
N C N O R 7s. - 112 Do (1912) ....121%,-
N R of Cal 6S.112 113 S P R 1st g os.107 103^,
Eo Ss 120 — S P B R C 6s. 13m —
N P C R R 6S.101H — S V -Water 6B..114H —
Do 6s 106 — Do 4a 103H104
N Cal Ry 5s..lWi - Do 3d mtge. — 102
O G L & H 58.110% — Stktn Gas 6s.. 103 —
Oak Tran 6s.. — 117
MOXDAT, Jan. 14—2 p. m.
— UNrfel> STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 114 «5 <s do cp (new)137H138Vi
4s do re*......lM «5 !3s do coup.... 110 111
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Electric at $46 75©46 SO. and Oceanic Steamship
at licijrico 75.
Brisk sales wera the tule on the Oil Exchange.
Hanforti sold from $120 down to $116, and Bear
Flag was higher at 4S@55c. -
In the afternoon Hanford sold down to $110.
The Potosl Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c.
The following dividends will be paid to-day:
Presidio R. R., 10c; Kllauca Sugar, 25c: Oak
land Oa«, 25c; Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
wards R. H., 10c
The Spring Valley 'Water Company has de
clared a dividend of 42c p«r share, payable on
The Central Light and Power Company will
pay a dividend of 5c per share on the 21st.
The California Powder Works will pay a divi
dend of $1 per share on the 21st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; JAJNU All ¥ 15, ¦ ltfOl.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
" On the mornlnsr session of the Bond Exchange
business was very, fair, ' with sales of Gas and
8
STOCKS. I Bid. I Asked.
STOCKS.
I
Bid.
I ] — __
American Fuel and Oil Co — — 25
Bear Flag :. 52
Black Jack 105 '150
Buckhorn — 3 75
Burlington 17 20
California Standard 39 <o
Caribou 53
Four .'.. 51 51'
Hanford '¦ — 10« 00
Hanford^ Fresno, Kern River. — 45
Home 3 75 3 fc)
Independence 21 22
Junction w 85 90
Korn, r> — n 25
Kern Ktver 17 00- 1500
Lion OH Co 29 ji
Monarch of Arizona 73 gn
McKlttrick Consolidated... 20 11
McKittrick ...-...'. . _ *t
Occidental (of West Virginia). V 64 55
Oil' City Petroleum :.... 34 on 3550
Potroleum Center v .'..... ...... 23 27
Peerlera ,,---••• • 8 00 g 23
Queen Esther Jj
Reed Crude
San Francisco & McKlttrlclt..
San Joaquln O & D Co.-
Thirty-three Oil Co
Twenty-eight ....'..
Westlako
"West Shore
¦Wolverine
Yukon
0
200
13 «7%
12 00
2 33
25
4 10
1 73
n
2»7'4
4 :i
1 SO
S3
Laat
•1
e; Se<
eason
4
4
4
a. is
14. SO
JU
11
7
13.13
14. 2S
r 1 1
6.1L
2
I A,i
I
12.50
4.57
I :
2.60
Laat
•1
e; Se<
eason
4
4
4
a. is
14. SO
JU
11
7
13.13
14. 2S
r 1 1
6.1L
2
I A,i
I
12.50
4.57
I :
2.60
STOCKS. I Bid. I Asked.
STOCKS.
I
Bid.
I ] — __
American Fuel and Oil Co — — 25
Bear Flag :. 52
Black Jack 105 '150
Buckhorn — 3 75
Burlington 17 20
California Standard 39 <o
Caribou 53
Four .'.. 51 51'
Hanford '¦ — 10« 00
Hanford^ Fresno, Kern River. — 45
Home 3 75 3 fc)
Independence 21 22
Junction w 85 90
Korn, r> — n 25
Kern Ktver 17 00- 1500
Lion OH Co 29 ji
Monarch of Arizona 73 gn
McKlttrick Consolidated... 20 11
McKittrick ...-...'. . _ *t
Occidental (of West Virginia). V 64 55
Oil' City Petroleum :.... 34 on 3550
Potroleum Center v .'..... ...... 23 27
Peerlera ,,---••• • 8 00 g 23
Queen Esther Jj
Reed Crude
San Francisco & McKlttrlclt..
San Joaquln O & D Co.-
Thirty-three Oil Co
Twenty-eight ....'..
Westlako
"West Shore
¦Wolverine
Yukon
0
200
13 «7%
12 00
2 33
25
4 10
1 73
n
2»7'4
4 :i
1 SO
S3
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave Broadway
hsw. wharf. San Francisco:
ty!*jfciL_ For Alaskan Ports — U a. m..
]^P&^ Jan. 11, 18. a. 28. 31. Feb. '..
l^^SSv?^ Cbang<» to ccm-pan/i steamer*
!2<i^E^^^"l For Victoria. Vancouver iB.
tjk-S««S3al c ->' Port Townsend. Scat'.'.-.
I Tacoma. Everett. Anacorto*.
and New Whatccm <wash.>-
** 11 a. m.. Jan. 11. 16, 21, 2«. 31,
Feb. 6, and every fifth day thereafter. Chansco
at Seattle for this company's steamers f«»
Alaska, and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.: at Vanconver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Jan S.
13. 18, 23. 28. Feb. J. and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
nco». Port Harford (San Lois Obispo). Gavlota.
Fanta Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San P»dro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bontta. Tuesdays, »ia.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d«l
Cabo. Mazatl&n. Altata. La Pai. Santa Ro»al'r\
and Guaymas (Men.)— 10 a. ra.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company*
folders.
The company reserves the right to cnansi
steamers, mailing dates and hoars of satlln?.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— ? New Montgomery
gtreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTN3 ft CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL.A2STD
From Spear-street Wharf at It a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth
In tiC $B Second Class aqd M«ats.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13, 23, Feb. 2
GEO. "W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8. IS. 23
Short Lln» to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all ' points In the Northwest.
Through tlcketa to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Ajcent.
630 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 a m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioffo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honskony with steamers for In-
dia, etc. Xo cargo received on board on day of
¦aillnu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, January 84. 13Ci
SS. NIPPON MARTJ
?..Tuesday. February 1», 1W1
S3. AMERICA MARU
Friday, March 13, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelsrht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General A*ent
AMERICAN LINE.
HIV TOHK. SOUTHAHPTOIT. LONDON. FASH
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Southwark Jan. 23] Kensington Feb. 13
Vaderland Jan. 30 St. Louis Feb. 2n
New York Feb. WNew York Feb. T.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 12 Noon.
Southwark Jan. 23 Noordland Feb. 10
Westernland ...Feb. « Frleslaad Feb. 27
Kensington Feb. 13 Southwark March «
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHA9. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast,
10 Montgomery street.
¦ —
AAA9nIl>C€rA hawmi, MHO*, dm
oceaincs.5.co. qasssg
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Friday, January 13. 2 p. ra...
SS. SONOMA, tor Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. January 23. at ) p. ra.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;
Friday. February 8. 4 p. m.
I D.SPRECKELS & BEOS. CO., Einml Agents, 32? Bartst St
CKi'litagsr Qffce, 643 llarht SL, Piar lo. 7. Pads St
PANAMA R.R.-"
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S.S. ST. PAUL sails January 29.
S. S. ROANOKE sails Fetarj 19,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAGHIE GENSSALE TKAN3ATLASTIQTO.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thurs.iay. instead cf •««trGrl%
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 43. --XStfi***
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to HavTe $S3 and upward. Second class to
Havre $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. r>
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
¦ Steamer "Morticello."
MON.. Tues., .Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlzht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. J
p. m. Landing and of flee. Mlsslon-str««t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1303.
FARE ,50cTO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day. tho third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign ( — ) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from tho depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
The Italian Journeymen Bakers* Union
No. 117 held a meeting at Washington
Hall yesterday afternoon. Resolutions
were adopted indorsing the schedule of
six days' work In the week and ten hours
a day.
Italian Bakers' Union.
The Swiss Relief Society held a meet-
Ing last evening and the following-named
directors were elected for the year: C. A.
Berton. E. de Coulon, J. Freuler. UlrSeh
Glngtr. A- Hujruenln. A. Mnnotti. E. Pohli,
G. E. Porta and Dr. H. Sartorl. It was
unanimously decided at the meeting to
Incorporate the society with a capital
stock of $3448. The disbursements durtnsr
the past year In aiding the sick amounted
to 194145.
Swiss Relief Society.
A man named Jim Sweeney telephoned
to th« Carmen Island Salt Company yes
terday representing himself to be a mem
ber of a prominent wholesale firm and
saying that he would send a man down
for a load of. salt. He then drove down
to the company's wharf and had loadea
up his wagon when one of the clerks be
came suspicious and rang up the firm
which Sweeney claimed to represent. All
knowledge of the affair was denied, ana
Sweeney was arrested Just as he was driv
ing off with the load. He was. taken to
the harbor station, where a charge of
grand larceny was placed against him.
Bold Thief Canght In the Act.
Frank Brannon was arrested yesterdav
afternoon on Twenty-fifth and Howard
Streets by Sergeant Blank and Police Of
ficer Taylor of the Seventeenth-street Sta
tion with a barrel of port wine, which had
been stolen out of a wagon. The win<»
originally belonged to the St. George
Vineyard and was on Us way for delivery
under charge of W. J. Mealy.
Healy Btopped at a grocery store on
the corner of Howard and Fourteenth
streets and while absent the barrel of
wine w'an abstracted from the wagon.- Ho
reported the loss at the Seventeenth-street
Station just as the night watch was re
porting on at 8 o'clock. Sergeant Blank
and Police Officer Taylor were detailed »»y
Lieutenant Anderson to Inquire Into th^
theft. 1 and they Intercepted Brannon, wh:>
had the wine in a wagon hurrying along
the street. ftUSaK
STEALS A BARBEL OF
PORT FROM A WAG02T
Milan used to be connected with the
Alpha Trained Male and Female Nurses
Agency, of which his slater is the man
ager. The agency is at 1117 Van Ness ave,
hup, a few doors north of the Ward resi
dence. Milan gave himself up last night
and was placed In 1ail.
Miss Ward saitf that she had known
Milan for years. He had been pestering
her with his attentions, and when he
would meet her on the street he would
insist upon accompanying her. Friday
evening he met her on Van Ness avenue,
and because she positively refused to have
anything to do with him he struck her.
breaking her hat and bruising her face.
She thought he was a fit subject for ex
amination by the Insanity Commissioners.
She had borne his persecution ao long that
she was determined to stop it.
Miss Loretta Ward, a prepossessing
young lady living at 1109 Van .Ness avenue.
secured a warrant from Judge Cabanfss
yesterday afternoon for the arrest of Kd
ward Milan, 522 KUis street, on a chargo
of battery.
rant for the Arrest of Ed
ward Milan.
Miss Loretta Ward Secures a War-
PERSECUTED BY YOUTH
SHE "WTLL NOT KABB7
Los Angeles Companies
Carry Their Rivalry
to Sacramento.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 14.— Los Angeles'
present law affecting: municipal franchises
is, according to the best authorities, In
valid, and it has been recommended that
the City Council grant no franchises un
til it is repealed. \V. S. Hook of the Los
Angeles Traction Company worked hard
before and during the district and State
conventions to pledge delegates in favor
of a new law which would enable the
Council to award franchises to the high
est bidder. Hook has allied Interests di
rectly with the Terminal Railroad, and
consequently with Senator Clark. Hook
and Gibbon. Clark's agent and attorney,
then worked to obtain control of the new
City Council, nnd believed they had got
It. Hook accordingly a week ago filed pe
titions for four franchises, and was Im
mediately met by the Los Angeles Rail
way (Huntlngton's company) following
their example. The Los Angeles Railway
is now evidently anxious that the new bill.
Hook's original Idea, should be passed.
RAILWAY BACKING
FRANCHISE BILL
California Miners' Association was pre
sented In the Assembly by Assemblyman
Irish and in the Senate by Senator Tyrrell
of Nevada this morning. The document
is explanatory of bills already Introduced,
providing for the appropriation of $150,000
additional for the construction of Im
pounding and restraining dams In the
hydraulic and placer mining region. Fol
lowing is the petition:
The California Miners' Association, through
Its executive committee, begs to call your at
tention to the following facts:
1. In 1893 the Legislature of this State appro
priated $250,000 to be used in the construction
of works for the restraining and impounding
of debris resulting from mining operations,
natural erosion and other causes.
2. This appropriation was not to become
available until the United States Government
should have appropriated at least an equal
amount for the same purpose.
3. In 1S96 Congress appropriated J230.000 for
the above purpose.
4. After a most careful and painstaking ex
amination and study of the matter the Fed
eral engineers submitted their plans for the
contemplated work.
5. These plans involve an expenditure of
$SO0.0OO Instead of $a00.000, leaving a deficiency
of $300,000 to be made up by the State and
National Governments.
6. Through the emergency river and harbor
bill of June 6, 1900, Congress made provision
for the immediate commencement of the con
templated work and its prosecution to the ex
tent of the then available State and National
appropriations, amounting to a total of $300.
000. To this provision. In the emergency river
and harbor bill of 1900 there was added a
proviso to the effect that one-half of the cost
of the contemplated work should be paid by
the State of California.
7. The plan of the Federal engineers for the
entire work. Involving an expenditure of $800,
000. has been approved by the State Board of
Examiners of this State, and bills looking to
the appropriation by the State of California of
the further sum of $150,000, as its final contri
bution to the contemplated work, have already
been Introduced In the Senate and Assembly.
These bills are known as Senate bill No. 127
and Assembly bill No. 4<J, and were Introduced
by Senator Tyrrell of Nevada and Assembly
man Irish of Sierra.
8. It is well understood that further appro
priation by Congress is contingent upon tl>«
action of your honorable bodies.
We therefore most respectfully and earnestly
request early and favorable action at your
hands upon the measures above noted.
E. C. VOOHHEIS,
President California Miners' Association.
EDWARD A. BENJAMIN,
Secretary.
Explains the Need of Aid
for the Debris Com
mission.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 14.— A petition from the
PETITION OF
THE MINERS
Dissatisfaction Regarding
Assignment of Com
mittee Cierks.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 14.— The Assembly met at 11
o'clock this morning with a rather full
attendance. Introduction of bills was
passed in the order of business, as the
clerks were not prepared to receive them.
A flood of resolutions was turned loose
on the Assembly, in the main relating to
unimportant matters.
Resolutions by Ralston and Merrltt dis
played dissatisfaction regarding the as
signment of committee clerks. The W ays
and Means Committee has been assigned
a clerk who is not a competent steno
grapher and typewriter, and other com
mittees with important functions find
themselves In the same predicament. Th«
resolutions were referred to the Com
mittee on Attaches.
Stewart of San Diego Introduced a joint
resolution urging upon the Senate, of the
United States the necessity of refusing to
ratify the Jamaica reciprocity (treaty,
which it is claimed is inimical to, the cit
rus fruit industry of California.
A message from the Governor waa re
ceived announcing his approval of Assem
bly bill No. 1, appropriating $500 to pay the
expenses of the electoral colleges, and ef
Assembly bill No. 2, appropriating J50.0W)
for legislative printing.
PROCEEDINGS
OF ASSEMBLY
The witness testified to seeing her do
many Queer and boisterous acts In the
boarding-house at 712 Van Ness avenue.
where she ia being kept at present. At
times she would spring upon the foot cf
the bed and kick It. Imagining she waa
riding horseback.
"But has she never done one Intelligent
act during these two years?" was asked.
"She calls E. II. Wakeman all the names
she can think of," replied the boy.
Chapman said Chat he didn't want to
ask any more questions.
A. A. Baroteau was called and asked
whether he had taken Lady Yarde-Bul
ler from the house where she was living
in Oakland up to the middle of November,
and had gone with her to Alameda and
thence to San Francisco.
The "Baron" denied the charge, but ad
mitted that he was at the house for some
time before her Ladyship went away, and
that they happened to take the same car
to Alameda and also went on the same
boat to San Francisco In the morning.
"Did you not go with her to a notorious
house In Alameda?" asked Fitzgerald.
"I did not."
"Did you not admit having done so in
conversation with me? Remember, you
are under oath."
"Honest, I never did."
"Your Honor," said Mr. Fitzgerald, "I
am utterly at a loss to comprehend this
answer."
The hearing will go on to-morrow.
On cross-examination Chapman wanted
to know whether she was insane all the
time.
Chapman at once objected to the ques
tion. Judge Ellsworth ruled that it was
permissible only if Fitzgerald proposed to
submit proof of Insanity. Fitzgerald de
clared that this was just what he pro
posed to do.
The witness answered that he thought
his mother had been insane for the last
two years. He testified that she was en
tirely under the Influence of any one who
attempted to control her for any purpose,
even strangers having" no difficulty In
persuading her to sign notes and guar
dianship papers. She had told him that
her property was worth Jll.fflO.flOO and
wanted to (jo to England to secure prop
erty which exists only in her imagination.
Arthur Blair confirmed his brother's
testimony and told of his mother's coming
to San Francisco, where he lives, about
two months ago." In Baroteau's company.
The next morning after they arrived he
was informed by telephone that she wn*
lost and did not know where to go. He
found her alone In a saloon In the west
ern part of the city and Intoxicated.
He argued that the case should be dis
posed of at once as Baroteau had filed a
petition for letters of guardianship In San
Francisco.
Lady Yarde-Buller appeared In court
heavily veiled and attended by her maid
and "Baron", Baroteau.
In opening his case Mr. Fitzgerald said
that the object of his client was to have
Attorney George T. Wright appointed aa
Lady Yarde-Buller's guardian, and that
the appointment was desired by both her
sons, by her sister, who lives in the East,
and by her brother-in-law. Dr. P. L.
Wheeler.
The first -witness called waa Ralph
Blair, Lady Yarde-Buller's older son. He
was asked what he thought of his
mother's mental condition.
Attorney R. M. Fitzgerald In presenting
W« B. Greenebaum's petition to have a
guardian appointed for the person and
estate of Lady Yarde-Buller. before Judge
Ellsworth to-day. Introduced the testi
mony of her Ladyship's sons to show that
ehe is not only incompetent but insane.
He said that he adopted this course In
order to show that the claim of the
"Baron" Baroteau and his attorney, W.
H. Chapman, that Lady Buller is a resi
dent of San Francisco, was a pretense
adopted for the purpose of getting her
away from the jurisdiction of the Ala
meda County courts. But if «he -was in
sane, he contended, she was Incompetent
to change her residence, and wa9 there
fore amenable to the decrees of the courts
on this side of the bay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Jan. 14.
Petition for Letters Filed by Baron
Baroteau Is Opposed and At
torney Q. T. Wright Is
Recommended. "\
-
NewMoveby Family of Lady
Yarde-Buller in Asking
for Guardian.
SONS DECLARE
MOTHER INSANE
Resolved. That wa most resqectfully request
the honorable Legislature to pass an act to
abolish said printing office and that State
work be given out by contract on competitive
bids from printers all over the State.
JOHN PARTRIDGE.
President.
ROBERT W. NEAU
Secretary-Treasurer.
Now, therefore, the printers of San Francisco
do resolve that we protest against the continu
ance of said printing office in opposition to
legitimate private business, and as an un
necessary expense to tha taxpayers of the
State.
Whereas, The State Printing Office Is run
entirely at the expense of the taxpayers, pay
ing no rent. "Insurance. Interest on investment
or any other expanse such as has to be paid on
private business, and still It costs infinitely
more to have work done there than any pri
vate printer In the State would charge for tha
same work.
Whereas. The furnishing of the State Print
ing Office has cost the taxpayers of the State
hundreds of thousands of dollars, all of which
Is now claimed to be worn out and useless,
and a demand is to be madn upon the Legis
lature now in session to make an appropria
tion for the refurnishing of sai<l printing of
fice, all of which will be. useless again In a
few yearn; and
Whereas, Tho State of California In now en
gaged in the printing business. In competition
with the regular printers and taxpayers of the
State; and
The Employing Printers' Association cf
California at a meeting held yesterday
discussed the State Printing Office at Sac
ramento. As a result the following reso
lutions were adopted and will be forward
ed to the Legislature, now in session:
They Adopt Resolutions, Which Will
Bp Forwarded to Sacramento,
Requesting- Its Abolish-
Employing Printers' Asso
ciation Says It Injuns
Their Business.
OBJECT TO STATE
PRINTING OFFICE
To Abolish the Whipping Post.
The law-makers are wrangling over the abo
lition of the whipping post. The man who
succeeds in pawinr such a bill, will prove as
great a benefactor to the breaker oJ man' 3
laws ma Hostetter** Stomach Bitters ha* to tht
breaker of nature's laws. If you'va neglected
your stomach until indtgeatton. constipation,
biliousness, lir«r and kidney troubles are upon
you. there's but one cure. Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters. Don't fall to try It for U «rtpp«.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The. official list of
British casualties in the recent fighting at
Belfast ¦ shows twenty-nine killed, fifty
three wounded and , seventy-two missing.
This does; not account ¦ for the; British
losses at other points of simultaneous at
tack by the . Boers, namely. Wonderfon
teln,' Nooltgeddacht and Wildfontein, and
shows that, affairs In that quarter were
more serious , than' Lord Kitchener re
ported them to be. ¦ ; , ; -.
BRITISH CASUALTIES
IN BATTLES AT BELFAST
BATHURST, Gambia/West Africa, Jan.
14.— The British punitive ext>edltlon ar
rived at Dumbutu January 11 and com
pletely surprised and routed the rebels.
The troops captured the town after' an
hour's fighting. " Sixty rebels were killed,
60 wounded and 200 captured. Six Impor
tant chiefs will be brought to Hathurst.
The British casualties were six West In
dians wounded. .. .
BRITISH TROOPS ROUT
REBELS AT DUMBTJTU
14. — The Italian steamship Lore has been
lest. Many bodies from tha wreck have
been washed ashore. •
The vessel mentioned In the dispatch
from Lachiappa Is probably the steamship
Leone, of 3610 tons net register, owned by
G. Denaro of Catania. She was 201 feet
two inches long, her beam was twenty
five .feet one Inch and she was fifteen feet
three inches deep. She was built at
Greenock In 1864. No .information as to
the movements of the Leone qan be ob
tained from any of the shipping books at
hand. *
Bodies of Men Supposed to Be From
the Steamer Leone Are Washed
Ashore. ; .^f
LACHIAPPA. Island of Corsica, Jan.
BEACH OF COBSICA
IS STREWN WITH DEAD
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants* Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 14, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
celebrated its first anniversary last night
and honored the advent of the Greek new
year in a general reunion and banquet at
Druids' Hall, on Sutter street. This club
is now perhaps the most influential so
ciety of its kind in the city. It has more
than GOO active members, and is organized
not simply for political purposes, but for
the improvement, encouragement and ad
vancement of Its members, among whom
are numbered some of the most Influential
members of the local Greek colony. J
The banquet last night was in every
way a success. The members and guests
were welcomed by President N. Valianos,
who delivered In Greek an address which
was frequently applauded. The speaker
congratulated "the club upon the progress
which It had made, and urged the mem
bers to greater efforts of union and or
ganization.
A. G. Kosta, the vice president, also
spoke briefly but eloquently upon the need
of organization. Speeches were made by
E. Antoniades, Alex Feros and M. D.
Vanvales. O. C. Pratt, the legal adviser
of the club, complimented the members
upon the progress which they had made
and counseled them to further efforts In
their own behalf. During the ' evening
Greek instrumental and vocal music was
rendered. •
GB>EEK KEPUBLICANS
HONOR THE NEW YEAB
Banqueters E«view the Projjress of
the Organization and Make
Plans for Future.
The Greek-American Republican Club
It is estimated that the wheat crop In
th* Darling Downs district. Queensland,
will beat all records, the yield in some
instances reaching flfty-two bushels per
acre.
Lieutenant Colonel French of Chicago
will succeed to the command of this de
partment. He will arrive on the 22d and
will be given a reception.
Lieutenant Colonels William and Rich
ard Evans and their wives were tendered
a magnificent farewell banquet by the
Salvation Army at the barracks on Mar
ket street yesterday evening preparatory
to their departure for the East, whither
they go to assume command of the de
partment about Boston. The occasion
will long he remembered in army circles,
but not without a tinge of regret, for the
departing commanders were very popular
among their subordinates. They had been
at the head of affairs in this division for
over three years and were known in near
ly every town of the State.
Delegations from the towns about the
bay were present to take part in the pa
rade, which was preceded by the head
quarters band, and the street parade waa
the most pretentious of its kind witnessed
for several years. - '
During the course of the banquet many
touching speeches expressing regret at the
i departure of the officers and commending
their work in this State were made. A
tumultuous scene of enthusiasm occurred
when Colonel Williams arose to thank his
comrades.
Richard Evans Bid Good-by
to Their Soldiers.
Lieutenant Colonels William and
SALVATION OFFICERS
TENDERED A FAILEWKLL
Sixty-Fcrnr-Dog 1 Coursing Contest to
Be Decided at Union Park
To-Morrow.
A sixty-four-dog midweek stake will be
run off at Union Coursing Park to-mor
row. A number of new dogs are entered
and a great deal of Interest is centered in
Uie contests. Lopez & Son have entered
The Levite and Pawnbroker, two likely
looking dogs. Lord Chesterfield, by Grand
Fashion-Lady of Fashion, gives promise
of being a good dog and Loyalist, by Firm
Kriend-\Vee Lassie, secGnd. is picked to
win his initial course. Following is tho
result of last night's drawing:
Midweek stake, 64 entries— J. R. Smith's
Password vs. Curtis & Sons' McKinley; E. M.
Kellogg's Ben's Babe vs. C. O. Peterson'* Sil
ver Cloud; W. J. L«eonard'B Daylight vs. R.
Ii de B. Lopez & Son's Pawnbroker; Pasha
Kennels' Ready Always vs. F. Brown's Tam
many; R. E. c> B. Lopes & Son's WarraKal
\e. R. E. de B. Lopez & Eon's Minnie Wa Wa:
R. L. Taylor's Freedom's Banner vs. Cunl» &
Son's Roslnante; H. A. Deckelman'» Belle
Rocket vs. T. W. Bartela' Best Brand; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne vs. D. Dillon's Chal
lenger; Curtis &. Son's Psyche vs. J. Kane's
Victor Queen: I>. Sheehan's Stam B vs. Steri
& Knowles' Ripple: Russell & Allen's Stray
fctray vs F. Moran's Gold Dollar; Curtis &
Sons' Cash vs. Sterle & Knowles" Rusty Gold;
Russell & Allen's Scotland Yet vs. J. Carroll's
Lord Chesterfield; Pasha Kennels' Belle Claire
vs. J Keenan's Dreadnaught; G. Lennon's
Half Moon vs. -R. L. Taylor's Sir Van; K. M.
Kellogg" ¦ Crawford Belle vs. Pasha Kennels'
Risky Attempt; F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn
n O. Zahl's Tony Bowers; J. Kane's Victor
Boy vs. J. Dean's Gallant: O. Zahl's Miss
Wilson vs. A- Johnson's Tod Sloan; John
Oharlton's Temple vs. Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara: J. Smith's Bony Boy vs. E. M. Kel
lr.gg's Sweet Emma; Curran Brothers' Loyalist
vs Curtis &. Sons' Echo; J. Keenan's Mlra
rr.onte vs. R. E. 6> B. Lopez & Son's The
Invite; J. Kane's Master Davenport vs. Pasha
Kennels' Racy Anecdote: J. H. McNeil's Pearl
Nat vs Pasha Kennels' Random Aim; J. H.
VcXeir'a Black Hawk vs. A. Vanderwalte's
Master Gordan; H. A. Deckel man s Ben Klrby
vs Curtis & Sons' Kibosh; G. Lennon's Jenny
Kolse vs. J. Sutton's (names) Gameboy;
Aeneld Kennels* Aethra v«. Sterl & Knowles'
Oleta- J. R McCarthy's John Do» vs. H. A.
Deckelman's Flyaway; J. Sutton's (names)
Herschel's Pride vs. Aeneld Kennels Aga
memnon; Sterle &. Knowles' Amarosa vs. W.
Kahn's Gold Ore.
MANY NEW ONES ENTERED
IN THE MIDWEEK STAKE
The steam schooner Iaqua, which went
on Duxbury Reef last week, is being
gradually straightened up. Over the gap
ing holes In the bottom canvas Is being
patched by divers and tha water, has all
been pumped' out of 'the after compart
ments.- It Is estimated that the cost of
Repairs to the Iaqua.
The steamer San Jose was In a bad
plight yesterday. Coming down from Port
Costa she got a hawser. Into her propeller
and that caused a stoppage of the ma
chinery. Luckily the steamer was near
to her berth at the Mail dock, so the an
chor was dropped. A diver will be sent
down to-day and he will cut the rope off
close to the hub of the propeller. Then
the portion that has become entangled
In the blades will be allowed to wear off.
The steamer will not be delayed and will
get away on her regular sailing time.
There were only two arrivals up at 5 p
m. yesterday. There is a dense fog out
side and vessels will not attempt to come
in. The arrivals were the Newark from
Bowens Landing and Sequoia from Fort
The following notice to mariners has
been Issued by the Hydrographic Office:
. Notice Is hereby given that beacon No. 8,
! nearly opposite Hortona - Wharf, San Diego
Bay, Cal., has disappeared. This beacon will
be rebuilt as soon as practicable.
This notice affects the "Lilt of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901," page 11.
Water Front Notes.
The chances now seem to be that .the
British ship Andrada has gone ashote
somewhere on the coast of Vancouver
Island. She left Santa Rosalia on Novem
ber 12 for Oregon and arrived off the Co
lumbia River about three weeks ago.
Pilot Cordiner was put ashore and then
a gale came up and the Andrada was
driven to sea. Since then nothing has
been heard from her, and seafaring men
fear that she was the vessel sighted bot
tom up off Flattery.
The Andrada was a sister ship to the
Andelana and Andorihana. The former
capsized in Tacoma harbor two years ago
and all hands were drowned.. For ten.
months she had lain at anchor awaltinsr
a charter, and just when the contract was
signed and the work of "stiffening" had
begun, she turned turtle during a storm
and went down.
The Andorihana was in the fire that
did so much damage to New York's water
front last year and was almost totally
destroyed. She has been refitted and will
be out here next year. The "Air" line
seems to be playing in hard luck and its
friends are. stilt hoping that the Andrada
will turn up.
as Among the Missing.
EUREKA, Jan. 14.— The steamship Po
mona came Into port to-day with the for
ward part of her guard rail torn off. a
portion of her cabin near the social hall
smashed in and one of her boats broken
in as a result of a collision with the
schooner Fearless about 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon. The schooner was lying
at anchor near Duxbury Reef and a
heavy fog prevented the officers of the
Pomona from seeing the schooner until
the steamship was too close to avoid a
collision. Captain Shea sheered -off as
eoon as he discovered the schooner. This
action resulted in hitting- the Fearless a
glancing blow instead of striking her
amidships as \ ould otherwise have been
the case. On account of the lateness of
the arrival of the Pomona, Agent Baird
has been compelled to change her sailing
time from 7 a. m. to 3 p. m. This acci
dent makes the third the Pomona has
met with within a month. The first was
while she was crossing the bar December
16, when a wave broke in her cabin. The
second resulted irom a severe windstorm,
which forced her on January 3 to take
shelter at the Farallon Islands.
NO NEWS FROM THE ANT>BAT>A.
Big Four-Masted Bark Now Listed
The, Pomona Damaged.
The agents of the vessel put a new deck
load aboard and last Saturday the Fear
less made another start for Guaymaa.
When oft the heads it fell a dead calm
and a dense tog came up. There was ab
solutely no chance to make any headway
and navigation was dangerous, bo tho
Fearless was anchored. Alone came the
Pomona bound for San Francisco from
Eureka and crushed into the schooner, al
most cutting her bow off.
The first news of the disaster was
brought In by the steamer Sequoia. Bha
reported the Fearless five miles off port
•with her port bow stove in and BignaUng
for a tusboat. When the schooner cam«j
back to port Captain Ldlyquest reported
as follows: . _
"January 13 was lvlngr at anchor five
miles southwest of Bolinas. There was
a dense foe and no wind. We were at
anchor and about 3:40 p. m. we heard a
steamer's signals. The fog horn was go
ing all the time and we did our best to
answer back. We could not cet out of
the way and they could not hear our sig
nals. Suddenly the Pomona loomed up and
the next moment she struck us on the
port bow, cutting through the forecastle
head and to within a few feet of the
water line. _ ¦
"Captain Shea of tiie Pfmona stayed by
us, and passing a Una began to tow us
back to Ban Francisco. Twice the haw
sers parted, and it was not until 6 p. m.
Sunday that the Feariess was anchored
off the North Bank buoy. Then the Po
mona put about and made a fresh start
for Eureka."
According to Captain LJlvauest the Po
mona is considerably, damaeed and will
have to co on the drydock when she re
turns to San Francisco. The load of lum
ber on the Fearless will be discharged
and that vessel will go on the drydock for
repairs.
distress and Captain Lllyquest is
now certain that there :a a hoodoo perched
aloft somewhere. In the great southeas
ter she lost all ' her ceckload. and after
being overhauled and reloaded here, she
made another start onlv to be run down
by the steamer Pomona.
On December 9 last the Fearless was
put In commission at Grays Harbor and
made a start for Guaymas with a full load
of lumber. Off the coast of Mendoclno
she was caught In a Kale and over 60,000
feet of lumber was washed away. On
December 29 she .made San Francisco in
distress and the captain reported one of
the roughest times he had ever experi
enced on the coast.
THE new four-masted schooner
Fearless came back to port yes
terday. This le the second tlma
she has made San Francisco in
MANILA— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Buckingham,
for Portland Or.
HAMBURG— Sailed Jan 12— Stmr Graf .'Wa:
dersee, for New York./ ,
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Mar
quette,- from London. '
GLASGOW— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Laurfn
tkm, from New York.
SHIMONOSEKI— Arrived Jan 8— Stmr Khar
ven. from Portland,- Or.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York. Sailed— Stmr Ho
henzollcrn, ¦ f rom Genoa, for New York .
. LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Numl
dlan. from Portland. «
WESTPORT— Arrived Jan 11— Br bark Bow
man Blaw, from Oregon.
CALLAO— Sailed— Br ship Senator, for Royal
Roads.
NEWCASTLE. N S W— Sailed prior to Dec
27— Ger bark Baldur, for Panama.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 25— Nor stmr Eva,
for Portland. -
LIZARD— Passed Jan 12— Ger bark Athene,
from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
! MANILA— Sailed Jan 10— Br Btmr Bucking
ham, for Portland. Or.
CALLAO— Sailed Jan 10— Bktn Willie R
Hume, for Port Townsend.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 14— Bark Sea King,
from Moody vllle. '.;...
OCEAN STEAMT3RS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr San Pedro,
hence Jan 13; stmr Pomona, hence Jan 13.
Sailed Jan 8— Schr Irene, for Sydney.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Noyo,
hence Jan 13.
HONOLULU— Sailed Jan 6— Schr Okanogan,
for Port Ludlow,
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr -Aloha,
from Alaska; schr C S Holmes, from San Pe
dro. Sailed— Schr Prosper, for Sydney.
NBA II BAY— Passed out— Br stmr Bristol,
for ; atmr Czarina, for San Francisco.
Passed In— Stmr Jeanle, hence Jan 11, for
Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND- Passed out Jan 14— Br
stmr Braemer. for Yokohama.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr
San Mateo. from Nanalmo.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Jan 14— Nor stmr Hero,
from Kobe.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Empire,
1 hence Jan 10. .' ¦
HADLOCK— Arrived Jan 14— Schr Reporter,
from Port Townsend. Sailed— Schr Marlon, for
San Francisco. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Jan 14— Stmr
Aloha, from Alaska, for Seattle. Sailed— Schr
Expansion, for Port Plrie; .sehr Wawona, for
San Pedro: schr Ethel Zane, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 14— Nor ¦tmr Horda,
hence Jan 9.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Jan 18— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
KAHULUI-Arrived Jan 2— Schr J D Tal
lant. from Plsacua.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 14— Ship Isaac Reed.
hence Jan 6. • •
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrtved Jan 14— Ship
James Nesmlth, from Honolulu.
BANDON, Or— Sailed Jan 9— Schr Nettis
i Sundborg, for San ¦ Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Per stmr Sequoia— Spoke schr Fearless about
5 miles out, anchored, with port bow stove
in. Was in collision with stmr Pomona and
wished to be reported.
MEMORANDUM.
SPOKEN.
Dec 25, 11 N lat, 28 W long-Br ship Cral
gerne, hence Sept 1, for Antwerp,
POIXT IX)BOS. Jan 14— 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Monday, January 14.
fitmr Brunswick, Andr<>»en, .
Ship Panta Clara. Lindberg, Oyster Harbor.
Br ship AlcInouB, MacCormalg, Queenstown.
Bark Coloma, Keck, Eureka.
Monday, January 14.
Stmr Bonlta, Isopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br ship Pericles, Henderson, Queenstown; G
W McNear.
Br shin. Bermuda, Kohn, Queenstown; L
Kauffman.
. Br bark Invercoe, Lewis, Queenstown: Bal
four, (Juthrle & Co.
CLEARED.
Monday, January 14.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagrerlund. 43 hours from
Point Lob Angeles.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 88 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Geo loomls, Brldffett. 32 hours from
Stmr Sequoia, 17 hours from Fort
Bragg-.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Fearless, Lllyqulst, from sea, la dis
tress.
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes In the aids to navigation In this dis
trict.
The following affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1900, page 40, No.
191. (List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast.
1900, page 80.)
Semiahmoo Post Light — On January 8, 1901,
the three-pile beacon from which this fixed red
light is shown, In twenty-four feet of water,
close to the steep sand bank In Semlahmoo
Bay, In the turn of the channel leading to Ba
line, and the entrance to Drayton Harbor, Gulf
of Georgia, Washington, was replaced and the
light re-established.
The following affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1900:
Sinclair Inlet. Puget Sound — Bremerton buoy
No. 2 — A red first-class spar was established
January 6, 1901, In twenty-seven feet of water
to mark the outer edge. of the mujbank near
the entrance of the dry dock of the Puget
Sound Naval Station. Bremerton wharf (outer
end), N by E U E: Long wharf at Sidney,- S
% E; Flagstaff at Naval Station, W % N.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY.
Commander, United States Navy,
Lighthouse Inspector.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Notice to Mariners.
WASHINGTON.
The British bark Invercoe cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 52,512 etls
¦wheat, valued at $53,168, and 16,000 feet lumber
dunnage, valued at $240.
The British bark Bermuda cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 89,250 ctls
wheat, valued at $S9,250, and 13.000 feet lumber
as dunnage, valued at $270. *
The British bark Pericles als-) cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 47,192
ctls barley, valued at $42,100, and 19,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, valued at $285.
Shipments of Grain.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Winslow loads lumber on Puget Sound
for Callao, 65s; the British steamer Caithness,
lumber at Port Blakeley for China.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
• — *
putting the Iaqua in a thoroughly sea
worthy condition will be $35,000. This sum
will cover the towage, dockage, and gen
eral repairs to machinery and hull.
WHILE AT ANCHOR OFF BOLINAS LAST SUNDAY AFTERNOON THE LUMBER SCHOONER FEARLESS WAS
NEARLY SENT TO THE BOTTOM BY THE STEA'MSHIP POMONA, WHICH DID NOT SEE THE SCHOONER
• UNTIL TOO LATE. _ ¦
The resolution condemning the Alta The.
ater on Grove street as an unsafe struc
ture was Indefinitely postponed.
The board adjourned to meet Saturday
afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The ordinance fixing the pound limits to
include the entire city was re-referred to
the Police Committee.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation directed attention to the fajct that
one of the criminal departments of the
Superior Court which was designated to
occupy rooms in the Hall of Justice has
not yet moved to the building, a.nd re
quests that an investigation be made as
to the reasons of th«» delay.
The Board of Works was requested to
rr like an investigation to ascertain wheth
? r the material furnished for the Spear
nr-n wharf is up to the standard called
for by the specifications..
The Hoard of Public Works requested
pel mission to erect in accordance with
plans prepared by the city architect a
home for nurses at the City and County
Hospital, to cost J2000. The request was
referred to the Health and Hospital Com
mittee.
The roadways of Spear street between
Market and Mission, Lafayette place be
tween Green and Union streets and Rosa
avenue between Laguna and Octavia were
iu.-
The ordinance granting the Mission Soap
end Candle Works permission to lay a
ppur track from the Southern Pacific
O.rcpany's track on Harrison street to
its premise* at Kigrhteenth and Harrison
ttr»<.-tE was passed to print.
The ordinance providing for the light
ing of street lamps on so-called moon
light nig-hts when the moon Is obscured
by clouds was referred to the Committee
en Artificial Uchts.
The Recorder Publishing Company was
awarded the contract for supplying Su
preme Court decisions and daily trial and
law and motion calendars of the Superior
Court for $200 per month.
The chief of the department of electric
ity was directed to furnish a list of all
persons and corporations furnishing light,
beat or power to this city or its inhabi
tants.
A resolution was adopted which requires
all persons and corporations engaged in
rupplyinsr water to the inhabitants of this
c-itj- to file a statement during- this month
Fhowir.p the names, residence and amount
paid by each rate payer during the year
last past, the revenue derived from all
«-<>u:<is and the expenditures made for
supplying -water.
A resolution was adopted providing for
tho board to meet as a committee of the
whole to conduct an investigation into the
matter of fixing the rates to be collected
for the use of heat, light or power, and
to prescribe the cjuality of the service.
The bill amending- the ordinance limitin?
The height of fences to ten feet, so that it
Fhall take effect immediately instead of on
Ju!v 1, 1901, was re-rcfe:red to the Health
and Hospital Commiitee.
Booth in urging: the passape of the ordi
nance represented that the "sky scraping"
lances now permitted to be maintained
are a menace to human life and limb, es
ped&Uy in case of severe storms which
might come at any time. Attorney Pow
ers asked that the matter be re-referred to
the committee, ae the constitutionality of
'he ordinance which goes into effect on
. uly 1. 190L was now on trial before Judge
hfawfll. Tobin opposed the amended ord
inance on the ground that it would be
breaking faith with the bill posters who
lad agreed to abide by the court's deci-
Fion. D'Ancona said the maintenance of
high fences was certainly dangerous and
that immediate legislation was necessary
to prevent eerious accidents that mig-ht
occur.
The ordinance orderinc the repavins- of.
F.-.-ramento, Clay and Washing-ton streets,
between Montgomery and Sansome. at a
cost of JfV"io3, was flnaiiv passed.
The action of the Tax Collector in
awarding: the printing of notices of salo
Ot real estate sold to "lie State to the low
t<! i^'idtr was approved.
The ordinance reducing- the width of th*
sidewalks on Alameda street, from Po-
Ireo avenue to Carolina street, to twelve
feel was finally passed.
The ordinance providing for a bookkeep
ing expert to the board in making Its In
vestigation into the vtiue of the Sprin?
Valley Water Works was finally passed.
The ordinance reducing the width of
r'dewalks on Division street, between
Seventeenth and Klfirhteenth. to seven feet,
was passed to print.
That the present municipal administra
tion is fully alive to the defects of the
charter was made apparent when th«
board passed to print an ordinance au
thorizing the board to employ a clerk to
revise the existing- ortWs and ordinances
and to review the provit>tona of the char
tv and suggest amendments thereto.
The resolution appropriating- $2500 out of
the urgent necessity fund for a building
to be erect od in th<? Citv and County Hos
pital grounds to be d«voted to the cases
of persons afflicted with infectious dis
eases otlirr than smallpox or leprosy was
passed ic» print.
The trustees of the State Normal School
petitioned for the transfer by the city of
the vacant lot on O'Farrell street adjoin
ing the Girls" High S.hool for the use of
the Normal School. The Board of Edu
ration has recommended that the lot be
framed fcr the purpose, mentioned. The
petition was referred to the Building Com
mittee.
The Mayor* ¦ veto of the bill providing
funds for the acquisition of lands for St.
Mary's Square w.if sustained by the
Board of Supervisor yesterday. There
was no discussion, \\\* Mayor's conten
tion that the bill was iliegral being accept
ed by a'.l the Supervisors present, except
ing hoxton, who voted for the final pas
eage of the ordinance, notwithstanding
the Mayor's non-ai>nmval.
School— Repaying of Three
Downtown Blocks
Ordered-
Lot Transferred for TJse of Normal
Supervisors Sustain Mayor's
Veto of Bill Making
Appropriation.
NO MONEY FOR
ST. MARY'S PARK
The cases were submitted together, as
they involve three points: That the pro
ceedings in relation to the issuance of the
bonds not having been completed when
the charter went into effect, the Board
of Supervisors had no power to proceed
to issue bonds, as the charter intervened;
secondly, that the bonds in both cases
were invalid because there was no spe
cific declaration of the result of the elec
tion; the third question Is confined to the
panhandle case. The appellant contends
that the proposition to condemn for pub
lic use these Feparate pieces of property
should have been submitted as one thin?,
and that a notice of election for the pan
handle bonds should have specified that
the bonds were payable in a specific kind
of money — gold coin of the United States.
Mr. Fritz was represented by Arthur H.
Rarendt and Charles E. Naylor. Garret
MeEnerney, City and County Attorney
Franklin K. Lane and Assistant City and
County Attorney G. W. Lane represented
the city and county. Briefs in favor of
the bonds were filed by Joseph M. Roths
child. D. C. Murphy and J. C. Chetwood.
In the McHugh case, the attorney for the
appellant is William T. Baggett and the
city and county is represented by Attor
neys MeEnerney, Lane and Lane.
There were two cases bearing on this
vital Question and they were combined in
the arguments, as the questions involved
in each were alike. One of the actions
was that of Eugene N. Fritz against the
city and county of San Francisco, which
involves the validity of the panhandle
bonds, and the other la the suit filed by
Kellx McHugh apraiiiFt the city and coun
ty, which involves the validity of the sew
ers, schoolhouse and hospital bonds. In
both cases demurrers filed by the City
and County Attorney were sustained and
judgment rendered for the city. Appeals
were taken by F.ritz and McHugh and ar
guments were heard yesterday.
Department 1 of the Supreme Court was
crowded yesterday with attorneys, politi
cians and taxpayers who were vitally In
terested in the arguments on the bond
cases which are being heard by the Su
preme Court Fitting In bank. Mayor Phe
lan was an interested listener and other
city and county officials strained their
ears to hoar the reasons Bet forth by
counsel for and against the Issuance of
the bonds.
Mayor Phelan and Other Officials
Pay Close Attention to the
Points of the
Lawyers.
Supremt Court, Sitting in
Bank, Listens to Able
Addresses.
ARGUMENT HEARD
IN BOND CASES
BIG LUMBER SCHOONER FEARLESS ONCE
MORE COMES BACK TO PORT IN DISTRESS
Damaged in the Southeaster, She Repaired Here and Went
Out Again, Only to Be Run Down by the Pomona.
'lUJS SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1901.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
LONDON— Arrived Jan It— Stmr Minneapo
lis, from New York.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 15.
Sun rises 7:24
Sun sets 5:14
Moon rises... 2:48 a. m.
9
O ITime Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S L. W H \V L W H W
16 ... 0:27 2.7 7:00 5.5 2:10 0.4 9:15 4.0
It) ... 1:23 2.S 7:43 S.6 2:54 0.0 10:06 4.3
17 ... 2:15 2.9 8:26 S.8 8:34 —0.4 10:49 4.6
18... 3:06 3.0 9:10 6.0 4:14—0.7 11:28 4.8
19... 3:54 2.8 9:56 6.0 4:52-0.9
H W L W , H W L W
20 ... 0:04 S.O 4:39 T.5 10:41 «.O B:31|— 0.9
21 ... 0:40 .5.1 5:27 2.3 11:301 6.0 6:14-— 0.6
Steamer. From. | Due.
Steamer.
From.
Mandalay CoqulUe River Jan. 15
Titania Nanalmo Jan. 15
Argo CoqulUe River Jan. 15
Victoria........ Oyster Harbor Jan. 15
Rainier Seattle Jan. 15
Coronado CJrays Harbor Jan. 15
Progreso Tacoma Jan. 15
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Jan. 15
O. W. Elder.... Portland Jan. 15
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 16
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 16
Corona Newport Jan. 18
Umattlla Victoria & Puget. Sound Jan. 17
Hongkong Man China and Japan Jan. 17
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 17
Santa Rosa Ran Diego •. Jan. 17
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 17
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Jan. 17
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 17
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. IS
South Portland. Portland and Astoria... Jan. 18
J-Iyades Seattle Jan. IS
Eureka ! Humboldt Jan. 19
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 20
Bcnlta Newport Jan. JO
Queen San Diego Jan. 20
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 22
Steamer. I Destination. (Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
January 1 ."». I
Argo Coqutlle River 4 pm Pier 2
Robt. Dollar. Seattle 5 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
January 1*5.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Walla Walla. Victoria & Pgt Scl. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Portld & Coos Bay S pm Pier 20
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coqullle River 9 am Pier 2
.Intiiiary 17.
Empire. Coon Bay 10 am Pier 13
Coronado Orays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N What, a pm Pier 2
January is.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Zealandia Honolulu ....» 2 pm Pier 7
Newport Panama & Way Ptn 12 m PMSS
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Pomona '. Humboldt 2 pmlPler 9
January 10.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
January 2O.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
O ITime Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S L. W H \V L W H W
16 ... 0:27 2.7 7:00 5.5 2:10 0.4 9:15 4.0
It) ... 1:23 2.S 7:43 S.6 2:54 0.0 10:06 4.3
17 ... 2:15 2.9 8:26 S.8 8:34 —0.4 10:49 4.6
18... 3:06 3.0 9:10 6.0 4:14—0.7 11:28 4.8
19... 3:54 2.8 9:56 6.0 4:52-0.9
H W L W , H W L W
20 ... 0:04 S.O 4:39 T.5 10:41 «.O B:31|— 0.9
21 ... 0:40 .5.1 5:27 2.3 11:301 6.0 6:14-— 0.6
Steamer. From. | Due.
Steamer.
From.
Mandalay CoqulUe River Jan. 15
Titania Nanalmo Jan. 15
Argo CoqulUe River Jan. 15
Victoria........ Oyster Harbor Jan. 15
Rainier Seattle Jan. 15
Coronado CJrays Harbor Jan. 15
Progreso Tacoma Jan. 15
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Jan. 15
O. W. Elder.... Portland Jan. 15
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 16
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 16
Corona Newport Jan. 18
Umattlla Victoria & Puget. Sound Jan. 17
Hongkong Man China and Japan Jan. 17
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 17
Santa Rosa Ran Diego •. Jan. 17
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 17
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Jan. 17
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 17
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. IS
South Portland. Portland and Astoria... Jan. 18
J-Iyades Seattle Jan. IS
Eureka ! Humboldt Jan. 19
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 20
Bcnlta Newport Jan. JO
Queen San Diego Jan. 20
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 22
Steamer. I Destination. (Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
January 1 ."». I
Argo Coqutlle River 4 pm Pier 2
Robt. Dollar. Seattle 5 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
January 1*5.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Walla Walla. Victoria & Pgt Scl. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Portld & Coos Bay S pm Pier 20
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coqullle River 9 am Pier 2
.Intiiiary 17.
Empire. Coon Bay 10 am Pier 13
Coronado Orays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N What, a pm Pier 2
January is.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Zealandia Honolulu ....» 2 pm Pier 7
Newport Panama & Way Ptn 12 m PMSS
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Pomona '. Humboldt 2 pmlPler 9
January 10.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
January 2O.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
"This food is the same to a weak stom-
ach as kind words and a gentle touch to
an aching heart. All my doubt and fear
and distress of mind disappeared as soon
as I found a food that I could digest and
whirh relieved my difficulties. Life be-
came brighter and better, my homo a
'ew.ept home.' I have proved conclusive-
ly that the food is realty predigested and
that it if a great nerve and energy build-
er. Of course I can hardly express my
gratitude for the relief I have had."
Kmma Kauffman. Bismarck, Mo.
"Of all the appetizing foods, Grape-
Nuts food is the chief. I was led to
change my diet and take up Grape-Nuts
from the fact that I had a very serious.
long-ptandlngr case of constipation, which
originated from coffee drinking. Constant
heaA&chcz, backaches and a stomach that
felt like lead was the condition: while
the mind was filled with misgivings of
all sorts, and I verily believe I would
have gone lrmanft if It had not been for
the temporary relief from various cures
for constipation, but there seems to be no
permanent relief except In good food like
Graj.«e-Nuts*.
*Th«» delicious odor that comes when
you pour hot milk or cream over Grape-
Nuts takes one back to childhood and
the wide, golden harvest fields when the
wind blew in your face the scent of rlp-
c-ned irrain and made you oh, so hungry!
Food That Takes One Back to Child-
FRAGRANT GRAIN FIELDS.
GRAPE-NUTS.
hood.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1901.
10
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as in-
fant' s nurse; German; city or country; or
travel; first class references. Box 1111. Call.
GERMAN girl wishes position to do washing
and housecleaning; $1 10 per day. Address
6 Burcham pi., off, Leavenworth, near G. 3.
STRONG girl wishes position to do cooking and
general housework; wages $20 to $25 S Call
at 1914 McAllister st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to do
general houaawork. 1022 Florida Bt.
GIRL wishes upstairs work and children. 1755B
Howard st. -
AMERICAN girl wishes position as chambep-
mald or second work. Address 817 Second st.
YOUNO woman would like housecleaning by
the day. Call 184 Hickory ave.
POSITION wanted by reliable woman to do
second work or car* of children. 638 Folsom.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing or housecleaning. Address
731 Minna at.
YOUNG lady desires position In office or ator*.
AddresB box 2074. Call office. Oakland.
A GOOD general housework girl wants good
place In a small American family; good plain
cook: small wash; wages $Z0. 627 Frederick
St.. between Stanyan and Waller.
POSITION wanted by reliable and experienced
restaurant woman as cashier and stewardess.
Box 1152, Call office.
WOMAN wishes housework by the day. Ad-
dress 613 Folsom st.
A YOUNG woman lately from the Bast wants
a position as housekeeper; only those meaning
business need answer. Box 1005, Call office.
YOUNG woman would, like a position as house-
keeper or plain sewing. 1235 Market Bt,
room I, between Eighth and Ninth.
WOMAN wants position caring for children;
German families. Address box 726.- Call.
A WOMAN wishes a place to do chamber
work or general housework. Box 1112. Call.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket-200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night. $1 60 to $«
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been -established at 1098
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
YOUNG civil engineer, university education,
desires Dosltlon with engineer, surveyor or
contractor; good draughtsman and good let-
terer. Address box 1158. Call office.
YOUNG man, willing to do work of any kind.
Box 1153. Call office.
BAKER, all-round man, wants situation in
country town. Address W.. 227 Second at.
WOULD like to have place as Janitor, watch-
1 man or club- waiter. Address Sunshine Court,
room 3.
I AN Elk in good standing wants position; mar-
1 rled; steady, sober and Industrious; no rea-
sonable offer refused; anywhere. Address W.
L. B., box 1159. Call office.
BTEADY Scandinavian' of 27 would like work
about place; understands taking care of
; noraes, chickens and Is good milker. Address
box 1198. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook, baker and meat cutter
1 wants a place on ocean steamer, restaurant
or hotel. Apply at 233 Third st. M. VON
EPEN.
YOUNG Eastern man wishes position In whole-
i sale house; best reference; 2 years' experl-
; ence. Box 1151. Call. ;
COOK wants a situation In a coffee house or
restaurant; no Sunday work; downtown. Ad-
dress AL NAUDE. 6 Magner place.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position;
Is a horsd doctor; understands gardening,
carpenter work, painting, etc.; can do any
kind of work around private residence. Ad-
dress ISAAC BLOOM. 4S East St.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position to do gen-
eral housework or bedmaker In hotel, lodg-
ing or rooming house. Box 1129, Call office.
MIDDLE - AGED man, practical gardener,
wishes a position: Is handy man around house
and with horses. Box 1138, St. Joseph's Home.
UPHOLSTERER, perfect In all branches,
wishes position. Address 264 Natoma st.
JAPANESE young boy who speaks English
wants position as schoolboy In good family
In the city. Address box 1197, Call.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants situation
In Drlvate family: understands any style of
cooking. Apply YAMA, 923 Sacramento st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
FEATHER PILLOWS. •
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
. by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO let— New flats .on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 5 and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let-LOWER flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN &CO..
14 Montgomery st.
ALMOST new flat; 5 rooms, bath, cellar. 25
Elcln Park.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN*; HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1513, near Eleventh— 6 large, sunny
rooms; bath; laundry; rent $18.
MODERN flat; 8 rooms, bath; good order. 1128
Howard St., near Seventh.
NEW flat, 4 large 6unny rooms; water free. 22
Suroner St., off Howard, .near Eighth. •
RAUSCH. 62— Flat of 8 nice sunny rooms; large
yard; cheap rent. !_
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st., off Bryant. b«t.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 341 Bryant.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
rROOMS^ furnlshedTn T oak~$4S 40. with^No?!
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms, partly rented; rent
$14mcalh. 94 Second St., corner Brannan.
FURNITURE of 3 to 8 housekeeping rooms for
sale cheap. Call 312 Kearny st.
- FURNITURE WANTED. y
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 781.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture,: tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
6 Waitresses, city hotels, $20; 4 waitresses,
country hotels, . $20, free fare.
10 MORE! ladiee of good presence to receive and
usher at the dedication (also graduation of 150
pupils) of the Hoover School of Physical Cul-
ture, raised to the rank of a university, Fri-
day evening, Jan. 18; remunerated; flowers
furnished. Call 3 to 9 p. m., r. 1, 1327 Market.
WANTED— Operator on pants; steady work;
good wages. 229 Fifth st.
HOUSEKEEPER: must be good, plain cook;
.' small family. 16 Devisadero at.
GIRL for general housework; family of three;
south of Park; $20. with washing: $15. with-
out: give references. Address P. O. box
2186, city. . - .. -
WANTED— Girl for general housework at 8321
Clay st.
WANTED— German girl to take care of baby;
must understand sewing. Apply 8232 Jackson.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Call
at 1728 Fell st. ' ¦ ¦'¦¦¦• :-.¦-
WANTED— Exoe-rienced chocolate and cream
dippers. Apply 224 Battery st.
WANTED— Woman to do plain cooking; sleep
at home: wages $5 a week. 122 Fifth st. ¦
NEAT girl to assist in housework ; wages $10.
Inquire 1231 Folsom st. .
APPRENTICES' in millinery store at 63S Me-;
AUlBter st. 1
WANTED— Girl to assist in light housework.
1410& Geary st. \
GIRL, general housework. 609 Franklin St.,
» to 12..
GIRL for general housework; light washing;
$20; 3 in family.' 1220 Potrero ave.
BUTTON sewers wanted at LEVI. STRAUSS'
& CO.'S. 36% Fremont st. ¦ .¦¦¦¦:-..
WANTED— Girl or middle-aged woman to as-
z sist In housework and- cooking; wages $20;
references. • Reply 1129 Pierce st. '
TAILORESS on custom coats and make button-
holea. A. SIMON — SON. 120 Ellis St.,
ELDERLY I German Catholio woman, house-
work ; : no washing; sleep elsewhere; f& J82-
Fulton it." ¦ " ••¦".
HELP WANTED FE3_____t.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 83S
O'Farrell st. --.-._
WANTED— Young lady for store; German pre-
f erred. Box 1160. Call office. .
¦WANTED— Girl for housework In small adult
family. 321A Fremont Bt ¦
APPRENTICE with some experience on cua-
tom coats. 214 Seventh st.
experienced _lrl for " second work and
waiting. Call 1224 Geary Et.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Call
1231 Guerrero Bt.. near Twenty-fifth.
GIRL to assist housework and cooking. Sfi2
Halght at., after 9 a. m.
W ANTED— Woman as housekeeper and to care
for children. Call at 749 Howard' et.
COLORED woman for cooking. Apply at 679
Harrison st.
GIRL to do general housework and assist In
cooking. 24? Fourth St.. upstairs. ¦
WANTED — Girt to do cleaning in restaurant;
no waiting or cooking; reference. !5 Taylor.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats.' 410 Kearny st., room 34.
"WANTED — Lady to do eeirtng. 29 Stockton
street.
APPRENTICE girls on coats; paid while learn-
ing. 128 Rusa st. -^
GIRL for housework and plain German cook-
. Ing; 2 In family. 1444 ©"Farrell, upper flat.
YOUNG girl for small family; plain cooking and
housework. Call 9 to 13 a, m. at 1810 Laguna.
COOK wanted. 2332 Jackson St. ¦; -',::'
ACTIVE girl; must b« good worker; »15 a
month. 619 Larkln st
"WANTED— A girl for general housework in
Humboldt House. 1309 Stockton st.
GIRL for light housework; small family; good
home. Call at 1134 Turk st
EXPERIENCED Blrls to paste samples. BEL-
ASCO - HARRIS CO.. 541 Market (upstairs).
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on coats.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'b overall factory, 32V4 Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVI8.
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and "pants.
BELASCO _ HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St.;
call upstairs.
OPERATORS wanted on men's pants. 407
Stevenson st. '
DRESSMAKERS for ladies' tailoring at School
of Art and Cutting- Academy. 817-819 Post st.
WANTED— A first-class coat finisher. KM
Kearny st., room L
WE want a bright, quick woman for position
rsqulring som«. executive ability. Box 1137.
Call office.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st.
EXPERIENCED bindery srirl wanted. MY-
SELL. ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay St.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant av.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an*
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — -MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY........ Phone* Main 6843
..L.eadlng Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Buttermaker and milker. Sonoma Co.. WO & fd
10 primers, orchards and vineyards, shears
furnished; farm hands and plow teamsters....
S26 and found
Man and wife, ranch on shares
10 woodchoppers. {1 80 cord, tools furnished.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, country,
$50; boy about 17 years of age, office work.
city. MURRAY _ RKADY. 634-636 Clay st.
A — CHEF cook, institution.- see bos_ here
Baker for institution, see boss here
Solicitor and driver, country laundry
Walter, plain hotel. 73c fare. $25
2 waiters, country hotel > J25
7 cooks J30, J35, J40 and J50
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St. !
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' 8.... Phone Grant 1S5
RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters Laborers Tunnelmen
Free fare Free fare Free fare
Blacksmith, $2 to J2 60 a day; fare paid,
butter maker and milker, Sonoma County,
$30, see party here; choreman, country hotel,
*2_
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Entree cook, ejuth, $20 a week; cook for
officers' mess, country, $50; meat cook. In-
stitution, $45; baker, institution, country. $33;
2 bell boys, $10 and $is; barkeeper, $40 a
month; S restaurant waiters, new place,
south, $10 a week, fare advanced.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary ¦_
A CORRESPONDENT for a wholesale house;
one familiar with Eastern and coast trade
in dried and canned fruits, salmon and gen-
eral line of provisions; wages to start $125.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED
Buttermaker and run separator. $35 and
board; 2 vineyard hands, $26; man about
place who can run engine, $25; farmer and
milk, $20; cabinet maker: 2 farmers, first-
class place, $25. W. D. EWER & CO., S10
Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
An all-round cook, $60, south; pantry boy,
$15; head waiter. $40.
A— 6 ORDINARY carpenters; non-union; no
office fees. Mechanics' Registration Bureau,
410 Kearny st.
MAN to buy a route. Call at MISS CUL-
LEN' S, 225 Sutter st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union No. 143 meets
TO-NIGHT at 32 O'Farrell St.. 8:30 o'clock
sharp. , I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sea, 104 7th; teL Jessie 15!.
WANTED— Young man to travel with a doctor;
salary and expenses; must give cash security.
Apply DR. CARTELL, 3 Eddy st.
BRIGHT men of good address; a splendid offer
for th<* month of January; J1C0 a month. In
addition to salary and commission; do not
call unless you are a first-class solicitor of
good address; references. 59 Columbian bldg.
WAITER for lunch house. 11B Dramm «t.
WANTED— Dishwasher; good steady place for
rlrht man; 7 a. m. 13S1 Valencia st.
PORTER wanted at lodging house. . 716 How-
ard st. ' ¦
WANTED— A bright office boy. Apply box
1157, Call office.
BOY wanted, IS to 20 y*ars old; experience-
In clothine preferred. 105 Sansome st.
WANTED— Boy for -printing room. Apply 141
Fremont st. ¦ • _^^
YOUNG men for South Sea Island whaling
cruise at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WAITER wanted. 17 Washington st.
GOOD cook wanted: married man preferred.
Apply after 7 a. m. 1581 Valencia st. ,:-,:-
COOK wanted. Call early. S88 Illinois St..
Potrero. '
WANTED — A good waiter for restaurant. 1550
Market st. . - / ¦ ¦
ERR AND. boy, between 13 and 15. Call after
9 a. m. ; reference required. 108 Sixth st.
BARKEEPER; German preferred; reference
demanded. .Box 1199, Call. ' ¦ ';.-•>.:,;>¦
YOUNG man with some experience In butcher
business. Apply at 1103 Scott St. ./.';•,
-WANTED— Boy. Apply Crescent Feather Co.,
152 New Montgomery st.
! THREE-CHAIR 15c barber shop: _ood neigh -
borhood; will sell cheap or rent. STOLTZ,
636 Market St.
. BARBERS— Good 3-chalr shop for sale; cheap
rent; a banraln; closes 6 p. m. DECKELMAN
; BROS.. 10G Ellis St. . .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
j to EOc. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and Id sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of gtxx
1 character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 f eet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
'. 1 Inch In height ; able to read, write . and
speak EnKllsb. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco, Cal.
. WANTED— A solicitor of high grade who can
., present a high class proposition to selected
' Individuals; io canvassing; high pay for
• right man. Room 5. 5 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; . position guaranteed: special
, Inducements: catalogue free.' MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St. ,¦¦-.'
; WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
, > that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
; ' runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: '150 large
* rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
- ! BARBERS, a complete three-chair outfit for
- j sale cheap. Apply 902 Larkln st. - .
WANTED— Men or women: big commissions.
¦ Utica ; Cleansing Compound Co., 21 Spear st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, naif
: . price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I. TAILORS for ladles' tailoring at School of Art
f and Cuttlnff Academy, 817-8-1 Post it." ' ; -*
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
_ri'-UC— SS OFTTtCB of The 6an Fra-dee©
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
cctll 12 o'clock every night In t_e year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until >:Z0 p. m.
foc Eayn street ; open until 1:11) p. ra,
CSS McAllister street; open until 1:30 p. n.
f.r Larkln street; open until J:SO p. m_
1)41 Misclon street; cpen until 10 p. m.
Z2£l Market street. eor_ar Bl_tee_t_: ©pen
__t!I I p. m.
:06 neve-ta street; cpen __tU • p. m.
1CD< Valencia rtreet ; open until • p. xa.
Northwest corner Twenty-aeeond and Ken-
turky rtreetg : open until > p. — u
MEETING NOTICES.
CA__F"OKN_A Chapter No. S. R. A. M.. ¦
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _J?\-
ING. Jon. li. at 7:*0 o'clock. St_ted 7i«_K
x_ee__g and _L M. degree. By order / >
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1S6. F- and A. •
M., 121 Eddy «_. meets THIS EVEN-^J\_,
1.NQ, 7:£0 o clock. LnetaJlaticn. 3%_JC
GEORGE PENUNGTON. S«O. DT >
ORIENTAL Lodge No, 144. F. and A. •
M,— Second decree THIS (TUESDAY) __&_
EVENING, at 7:W o'clock. ?S_K
A. S. HUBBARD. Bee /V^
I*HD officers and members of Court __/•**
Haywt Vaiiey No. 19. F. of A., axe
hereby reQueated to assemble at the jt\
fuseral parlors of Jl. V. Buhr _ Co.. ¦___
_E7 _ll__o_ »_. WEDNESDAY MORNIKO, I
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother. J. _TRO_TG_N.
M. IIOSENTHAU C R.
J. W. COL-MAN. F. S.
iN'NTAL meeting — Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
conirany, 217 Market fct., San Francisco, Cal.,
en MONDAY, the 2Sth day of January, uoi.
pose of tlecting a Board of Directors to serve
lor the ensuing year end the transaction of
euch other business as may come before the j
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day. January IT. IMS. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
-TOCKHOLDEIiS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing ui the stockholders cf the Union Iroa
Works will be held at the office of the com-
p__y, _„ Market fct.. San Francisco, on Tues-
day, January 22. ISM, at 11 o'clock a. m., for
tli e purpoee.cf electing a Board of Directors
to serve for the ensuing ye_r. and for the
transaction of euch other business as may
ccrr.e Lelcre the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
CTfice _2 Market et.. San Francisco. Cal. j
January' 10. 1&C1.
TO the stockholders ard members of the C. F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice is
hereby riven that a" Keneral meeting of the j
•tockholders and members of the C. F. K— pp I
Company, a corporation, will be held at its
office end place of business. No. 1200 Market
ft.. In the city and county of San Francis zo.
Elate cf California, en EATURDAY. the 26th j
<iay cf January, isri. at the hour cf 12
o'clock — « , the object of said meeting being !
the removal from office of the following j
named d'.rpctcrs cf eaid ccporatlon, to wit: ;
C. H. Koehncke, Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mueller end Alfred Fuhrman, and that at j
•uch rceetlr.p It is the Intention of the under-
e'.fried to propose the removal of each of said
directors, ar.d elso at t_ld meetlnr the repeal,
«_er.(Jment and adoption of new by-laws will
be cc-sifiered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Ka pp Company.
ANN'L'AL, Meeting— The regular annual meet- I
ingr of the etockhclders cf the Oceanic Steam-
efc'.p Conipany will be held at the office of
the company. 22~ Market St.. Ban Francisco. ¦
California, on MONDAY. January 21. 1901. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur- I
pose of electing a Board or Directors to serve I
for the ensuing year, and. the transaction of !
such other busin^E as may come before the |
meeting. Transfer books will close on Taurs-
__v, January 10, 1501, »t ! o'clock p. m.
E. H. (-HE-DOS. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of The
Emporium ar.d Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the etockholders of The Empo-
rium -nd Golden Ktile Bazaar, a corporation,
¦will b» held at the principal office of the
company. In the Parrott building, located on
Market Rt.. between Fourth and Fifth. In the
elty and county of Pan Francisco. State of
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January. 19C1. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction cf euch ether business as may
properly come before the meetlo _. By order
of the Board of Directors.
ANDJRETV M- DAVIS, Secretary.
T>at«*J January 3. 1S01.
NOTICE is h«-rpby given that a epec'.al meet-
Ir.r of the rtockhoJiiers cf The San Francisoo
erri Fan Joaquln Valley Railway Company
w!Il be held at the principal office of the
ccmpar.y In the city of San Francisco, CaL.
en SATURDAY, the nineteenth 09th) day of
January, 1901, at II o'clock noon, for the pur-
pose cf appro vinr and ratifying- an agree-
ment for the sale and conveyanace to and
purchase by The Atchleon, Topeka and Santa
F> Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty and franchises cf The San Francleeo and
£_n Joaculn Valley Railway Company, and
to tr__acx any other business that m _jr
lpcaily win* before the meeting^.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
Pen Franc'.fco. January 4, 1J0L
ANNUAL MEETING— The rerul ar annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Vallev Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the effloe of the company, 327
Market ft.. Fan Francisco, on MONDAY, tht
twenty-first day of Jan-jary, 1801. at the hour
of 31 o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of elect-
lnr a beard cf directors to serve for the
er.njlnsr year end the transaction of such
other t ¦ i -/>s ,-:« may come before tht meet-
Ing. The transfer bocks will close on Friday.
January IS, 1SP1. at S o'clock p. m.
"vT. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
BORPXiY.* en diR.raor.4s: perfect eecr»ey; prl-
vBt» entrance. T^'CLE HARP.IS. 15 Grant av.
MEETINGS — iniTFrial Brotherhood.
AND Thecsojhical Society, 2Sth anniversary:
three days' Jubilee; Sunday evening, 12th,
subject. "Twentieth Century Battles"; Mon-
day evening, nth, "Hypatla," Greek sympo-
sium In costume; Tuesday. 15th. mystic in-
terpretation of "The Tempest." tableaux;
Af--wnr of Pcjprcee HaJl. *19 Market ¦_
AGENTS WASTED.
5300 TO $100 per month; xr.en or women; salary
or commission or both. ??7 Market St.. r. €16.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KINO, tr: Market St.. 6th floor, room C7
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all c_i=? s ; fair fe«: no advance
charges; loans en estates. Tel. Howard _37.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without eucce«e; collections. CJ TV
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, ocr. Stockta.
CCSTER, Herman J.. attorney-at-law, iZ7 Mar-
ket. r. 7CC: cpen evenlngi; consultation free.
TOANK W. FMITH; mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. Z, 4th fir. ; tel. Red 3C1I.
APVTCE free: no charge unless Eucceeiful. \7
W. DAVIDSON'. 921 Market e_. opp. Mason.
I_ R CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket Bt. '. oor.«u:t_»on free; co fees In advance.
ASPHALTl'M ROOFING. ~~~
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks r«-
palred: postal. 11H Ml^lon- tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Send date of bfrth for proof of
astrological science. E. S. Green. 1S04 Market.
BATH CABIM3TS.
ELECTRIC light batb cabinets to let and for
tale. 1XS6 Point Lobes ave.
BOARHIVG I'OR CHILDKEX.
GOOD bot_« for 1 or t chUdren; German lady-
bast of reference* froa former parties. 626a
Slitfr l st.
ncSIXESS CUAXCES.
to BxrvTSniij on _xcliANa_'R_:AL es-
TATE. STORE OR BUSINESS PLACE
CALL OX H. C. DECKJER. 1020 MARKET BT.
A— RESTAURANT la country town $255
Saloon; near eixth aad Market sts 1000
Man-factui-Sg b___e_s • SOOO
Fruit store _ 13s
Photograph gallery •• ._..... 1006
Saloon; down town _ jOOg
Stationer}' -nd bookstore uoo
Candy store and factory; dears 1100 600
Saloon. S300: saloon, only 11200; saloon.... £000
Meat and delicacies store 1200
B restaurants; prices from JIM to EO00
Hotel, 143 rooms; clears $'30... 8000
Corner grocery and bar B03
BOO other place* from SSO to 20.000
H. C. PECKETt. l«0 Market; teL Mint 7»6.
a DELICACY store; flne location; living rooms.'
home cooking. COWING. 7_ Market «_
A BUTCHETR rhop: corner; receipts 135 day;
enap. COWING _ CO.. 71» Market «t.
A FALCON; south Market: grod chance man
and wife. COWING. 719 Market Bt.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established,
profitable busine-ss, controlling: a eood. safe,
¦olid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
cf former manager owner has decided to Bell
«_i interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of - accounts and assistlns
grenerally In the management of the business;
oapital required $5000 to $10,000; full value in
eight; books and business open for investiga-
tion. Arply J. W. DONNELLY _ CO.. CM
Market et.
$2b6 — SALOON for _a!e; second door from Kear-
rjy; i;o month. Apply 423-C5 Jackson st.
_TL*ST be sold to-day— A fine ulooo. 119 Second
et.. cor. Minna St.; cause of sale slcknegm.
E_£TATTRANT for sale. wbc-}« or half} will
_tve ___, tt> Howard. jit.. " v^_.
BUSINESS CHAJTCES— CONT1JI UUD.
A— «700; COR. butcher fcbop. tn northern paxt
of city; rent $29; horse, cart; selling 4 cattle
and about 15 sheep per week; a cash custom.
Call R. Q. WILKEI, 26^ Kearny »t.
A— JS500; WINE and liquor business In Oakland,
with afrency for one of the largest - wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private customers; located on prin-
ripal street. Call R. Q. WILKE, 264 Kearny.
A— 12600— CHOICEST (tfJoon on Kearny ¦_!
cloee to Chronicle building; established years;
• years' lease; all cash down not necessary.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2CVi Kearny Bt
A— $500— THIRD Interest In laundry company;
doing- a first-class business; retiring partner
to leave for New York. Apply R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny st.
A— $1600— CORNER grocery aad bar on Outrrero
I St.: rent $40; large stock, horse and wagon
and a first-class paying business; established
years. Call R. O. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A— ONE of the best saloons with commercial
lunch; close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; owner
sick In bed; a great sacrifice; only $500 cash
down needed. R. Q. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— JSOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
et.: rent $30; place estab. 20 years; must sell,
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. G. WILKB. 26K Kearny.
Ji. — J2B0 — PARTNER wanted in an employment
office; can clear easily $160 per month; only
good, active man need apply. R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny st. ¦' *; .-~
A— $275— CORNER saloon in the Mission; rent
$20; lease; good-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny Bt.
A-$76O— Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms, In
Stockton; rent $23; 2 years' lease: owner to
leave for East; must sell quick: a gooa-paylag
bnalnesm. Call R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
CIOAR 8TORE— Splendid downtown location,
paying business; rent $60; good stock and fix-
tures; sickness cause of selling: genuine bar-
gain at price; JSOO; many other bargains In
bus. opportunities. G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
phone Mint _11. 917 Market, bet. 6th and 6th.
j M. GRIFFIN, 7_9 Market, nr. Call bids.— Saloon
In best part of city, does a very fine business;
established 6 years; price $1000. which is less
than H cost of fixtures. > -_
A— WANTED— A good tenant fortgrand corner
store and basement, with nxturef suitable for
grocery business; epeclal Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. te~ Market Bt.
$100— CIGAR stand; business corner. Mc-
LAUGHLIN - CO.. 7774 Market st.
FREE Information; homes and business. IMMI-
GRATION BUREAU. 211 Examiner building.
W ANTED— A partner with small capital to buy
Interest and develop Beveral rich claims with
owner in Kookrcck cour.tr>'. Alaska, next
summer. Box 1_3. Call office. '
A SURE immediate fortune for honest pei^
eon with capital; call quick; 1 to S and 7 to t
p. m. LAWN, Lick House.
SHORT-HOUR barber shop for sale or ex-
change for shop In Oakland or Berkeley.
Box 1155. Call office.
WHITE Front Saloon. 539 Washington St., near
Montgomery: no agents.
! $S50— MEAT market; finest in city; 5 blocks
from Call bldg. ; rent $15; strictly cash trade.
Inquire 109 Buchanan st.
I OR tale— Fine grocery, bar and living rooms;
cause, tlckness. 651 Geary st.
i PLAY THE RACES!
! Our expert handicap figures netted $562 last
month, playing $10 straight on each eelection;
; commissions from $20 up will be accepted to be
I played by us as per our handicap Eheets. N. S.
| HAND & CO.. £4 Kearny st.
! FOR sale— An eld established bakery busl-
I nees, baking about one barrels of flour a day;
! rrir.clpaJly Etor« trade; can be doubled by at-
tending to ft. Apply to HARTTER &
HAYES. 216 Front St.
BUTCHER business in a country town; estab-
lished over 40 years; average sales $55 per
day; only ehop In town; owner wishes to re-
tire; property will Invoice price. Address box
10T6. Call office.
SALOON— One block from ferry; whjlesale dis-
trict; price reasonable. Box 112S, Call office.
i i
\ AA — $400; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, 23d ave. station, E. Oakland.
CIGAR store; flne location; for sale; cheap.
28 Ninth st.
$100— OYSTER and chop house. W$\L Howard
st. : clckness the cause.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 821 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received Rt Call branch office. 2?00 Flllmore St.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
LIST your house with me. I can sell it for
; you. DECKER. 1020 Market e_
10-ROOM flat, downtown $J00
80 rooms; clears $150 2300
>4 rooms; house clears $150 2000
14 rooms on Mission st 500
6-roozn flat on Taylor et 250
60 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
18 rooms on Third st €00
30 rooms on Powell st 9E0
46 rooirs: flne comer; clears $200 3500
14 rooms on Geary St.; clears $150 1900
18 rooms on Kearny #6t.; clears $139 1600
40 roome; boarding-house , 4000
S3 rooms on Market st 1400
12 rooms on Post st. ; in payments «50
II rooms; clears $75 —.... 450
M0 OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, phone Mint 796.
_________________
71» Market; tel. Black 1803; near Call bldg.
10 rooms; new; rent $40; residence $350
13 rooms; rent $35; clears $35: good fur.... 3*0
15 rooir_ ; rent $65; clean $C5 month S00
11 rooms; Post St.; rent $45: quite nice... 500
25 rooms; fine residence; Sutter St.: full of
Bteady roomers; clears $102 mo.; departure.
15 rooms; nice residence: Butter b_; elegant
furniture: new: will sell at a great bargain.
65 rooms; apartments: rent $1SO; full $2500
W rooms; cor.; rent $75; nice; clears $54.. .$1200
1C6 rooms: first-class In every respect.
40 rooms; rent $l£0; new fur.; always full of
steady roomers; fine carpets; a bargain.$4500
27 rooms: velvet carpets; cak and cherry fur.;
clears $175 a month; near theaters $3000
14 rooms; rent $75; 8 offices rent for $60; cen-
tral location; fur. and carpets good. ..$1300
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
J"7 rooms; money-maker; near Market.... 1900
£0 rooms; Van Nes?; finely furn.; extra.. 950
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 50 900
10 rooms; $C0; 10 rooms, quick 850
SO rooms; detached; handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month; special
enap. FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market 6t.
WINSTON _ WOLF. 1016 Market St.
Telephone Mint 1591
27 rooms; rent $50; a bargain $650
47 rooms; Al location; part cash 2700
€0 rooms; north of Market 2700
26 rooms; eunnK corner 2250
81 rooms: worth $2500; reduced to 1300
ANDREW PRICE _ CO., 80 Kearny St., room «.
Big bargains; list in office; money loaned;
clear title: houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE _CO., 80 Kearny St., rm. 6.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses;
we have them In any part of the rlty and at
any price. ECREKA REAL ESTATE, 23
Sixth st.
LARGEST list lodging-houEes; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD,
rmi. 1-2. 817 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$1100—60 ROOMS; flne location; well furnished;
all rented ;Jow rent. BA5ILE. 8 Eddy st
EM ALL lodging-house, 9 rooms: 273 Stevenson
St. Apply at MARTIN'S. 21 Third St.
$350— LODGING-HOUSE of 76 rooms; $250 ln-
come. 105 New Montgomery st.
CARRIAGES AKD WACOXS.
WAGON for sale. 615 Ellis st.
TOP buggy; piano box: sidejsar; nearly new;
bargain; 632 Market St., room 6.
AN A No. 1 express wagon. single."_Uo light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunlonB, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 416 Sutter.
spiritualism!
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world^renowned spirit
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths: unites the separated;
rr.lnlnc a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Fri. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located
E13 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
C. V. MILLER'S trumpet materializing seance,
1p.m.; SOc. 1064 Bush St.. near Leavenworth.
MRS. HARLAND'8 circle to-night; best tests,
10c; character readings; bus, sittings. 14& 6th.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally; circle ever)
eve.. 10c. except Wed.; devel. circle. 222 Turk.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium & healer; read.
dally, 10 to 10. Vendome. 1104 Market, rm. 14.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
603 McAllister. St.. 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister st.. room 35;
circles 2 and 8 p. m. ; sittings dally.
EARLE. 305 Taylor St., corner Ellis— Slttlngi
daily; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy «t.
ALEXANDER CARTELL. healer & developer
ehort time only: treats all diseases. 3 Eddy
C. Mayo-Steers. 112H Oak. trance medium
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 627
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. • C.J
Mayer; sittings daily; testa to all to-night; 10c
-CRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium
' *^«*^...£^^«^rTOy«?t. 0184 P'Faxrell
MONEY TO LOA5.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages .-,—....¦.-»«
Interest In Estates •
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sort- anTl sixes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do>
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market tt.
ANY amount at € per cent; 1st. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else*
where R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 1
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18, 1st floor.
Chronicle bulldlcg. HALLORAN ft OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48 Market
st.; teL Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
A— $J0O.0CO ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTOXE. 11 Montgomery «t.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. "W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth J
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal; no commission: strictly conflden-
tlal. Rcom 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealsklnn. pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
, lew rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 2T? Sanscfae. rm. „
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 8%; undl-
vldedints.: estates. HARPER. 33? Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 356 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
Kiw rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
CASH loaned tn salaried people on note without
ln_orser. MORRELL. 6(13 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
rtorser. S. F. Discount Aeencv. 143 Phelan blfj.
MUSICAL IXSTRi;ME3STS.
CHICKERINO .....i~.7rr..i...... $73
Great Union 90
Haines Bros 100
Hallett &. Davis 135
Sherwood & Son ISO
Kramer Bros 180
Befcrider 130
Arion 150
Echiedemeyer ISO
Sterling * 223
Curtaz 240
Standard 2S3
Conover 230
Easy payments if desired. It will pay you
to see BENJ. CURTA_ _ SON. 18 CFarrell
St.. Chlckering Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can b 1 * ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s wit-
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to i exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlm»
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
planos for $3. $4 and }3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY _ CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thlrteenta st. Oak-
land^ _^^^^
AN opportunity of a lifetime; will sell oft Use
following pianos:
Guild $87 SO
Novella upright 67 00
Weber ¦ 125 CO
3 Stelnways *_5. S1S5 290 OO
2 Helnes COO. 470 0O
2 Chlckertngs $173. 233 CO
1 Hallet-Davis. $433: !0 new pianos at $132.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.. agents
for Hallet-Davis. oldest and most Jamou*
piano tn existence; rents: easy payments.
IF you buy. when you buy. buy a "good buy**
or else It will be a "good-by" to your money
and your peace of mind. Save all trouble by
buying a fin* Decker & Son piano at M-A.U-
VAIS'. TS9 Market at.
ELEGANT baby grand for sa!« vtry cheap. It
you wont a real bargain here's your chance,
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76» Market st.
PIANOS from $50 upward at MAUVAXS*. 7S»
Market st. ; cash or easy payments.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER * CHASE.S. 28,
2S and 30 O'Farrell St. 3 pianos, orrana and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and nrtces: terms easy; Drices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
PIANOS— Big stock! little prices: little pay-
ments; big variety. DEWING CO.. 12 Flood
building.
S-PEDAL upright: sacrifice: leaving city: call
bet. 9-1 and 4-8 p. m. S24 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED- For cash, a small second-hand plpo
organ. Box 1143. Call office.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckertnr uprierht: cost $47*.
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. H7 Geary st.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Poet.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions: se« our
leader, only $1SO. BRUENN. 203 Post st.
THREE- PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain:
owner leaving city. 1233 Mission St.
GREAT many bargains In 2nc"-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over _ others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 814 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock in city, new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. , H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice upright piano.
PCHMITZ. 16 McAflli»ter ft., next Hlb. Bank.
, OIL.
20 OR 40 acre* for sale In 24—28—27. Kern River
Oil District; a grand chance for a company If
taken immediately. J. S. EWEN. 123 Cali-
fornia st., room 407. San Francisco, Cal.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops,
exploits and sells oil lands; has «xceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital la
proved fields; communications confidential F.
H. Hausman. Sec. 8th floor, r. 32. Mills bldg.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
DRIVES them crazy! My prices on stocks. I
bny and sell. LUNDIN. 93.' Market at., r. i.
' OIL LANDS FOR. SALE-
KERN River; proven territory; line of R, R,
Newton. Carmen ft Somea. r. 104. Chronicle.
CLEMENTINA. S3— Stor© ; fixtures: % rooms.
Key at 23 Clementina st., upstairs.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered $3
up. Jensen— Bath. 308 Sixth St.: open evening*.
PALMISTRY. ~ *
EL "jEROME FO6^ELLI."sTientlflo palmtat. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 581.
PATENT S AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless s-cceasfaL
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. -Iwyer. ExamJ-eTbl,:
PERSOXALS.
IF ALBERt"H_3_^
siding In and near Vancouver. British Co-
lumbia, during the years 1S91 to 1S35, and
afterward In California, and was last heard
of In Sonora, Calaveraa County. In California,
about June. 1896, will apply to the under-
signed he will hear of something to his ad-
vantage. WELLS & HIND, solicitors, Not-
tingham, Eng.
$30 REWARD for the address of ROSIE
KOPKE or ROSIE FISHER. Address PETER
KOPKE. International Hotel.
GREAT curiosity; a petrified fish; fee 25c. SSO
Market Bt.. parlor 37.
$S OR ISCOO to loan on diamonds, sealskins, sil-
verware, all valuables. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
ELECTRIC light In every room-rWlnchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
*3c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FINE gults. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7_ Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; i0
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
WHY gueas? You are certain of style and fit by
using- Standard Patterns; February styles
I ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market st.
i WHITE) enamel Iron beds, slngla, thre«-<ruarteT«
I tor double^ $3 2S. EASTERN OUT.'1TTIX(_
'_ CO.- 13i9._m Stockton »_, jear _ta>______.3
HELP WANTED— MALEL
WANTED— Cook or waiter as partner in re»-
taurant; must have $173. R. R., box 1143,
Call office.
ANY amount to loan on your diamonds; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— 2 good trunkmakers. D. D. WHIT- '
NEY. Los Angeles. Cal.
15c BARBER shop; choice location: Market st. ;
first-class trade; bargain. Box 1020, Call.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 13c and '
20c. Boston House, 020 Howard st.
WANTED — Man who understands nursery ¦work
and Jobbing gardening. 600 Halght St. - ¦-•"¦¦ '
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
tlrm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building. .
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st..
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all Darts cf world.- HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions Has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. •
II K M O K K HO! JV^
ANY case of Piles. Piles, Piles. Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no, surgery, ealves or ointments: no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
th»r particulars add._ Phylclan. box 1950. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
GOOD horse and delivery wagon; also top
buggy and harness. Inquire at grocery,
northwest corner Greenwich and Baker 3ts.
FINE, gentle horse, together with surrey and
harnefs In good order, for sale cheap.
STANLY MAYALL. Q12S Kearny St.. S. F.
DRIVING horses wanted in exchange for city
property. Address box 1013. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — In Berkeley or city, purse; contents
. over $100 in gold coin; reward t-0. Return to <
' 229 Montgomery st.
LOST— On Hayes St.. bet. Van Ness and Polk,
pair gold specks, black leather case. Return
136 Hayes St.. .fruit stand.
LOST— Pocket memorandum-book and papers:
no value to anybody except owner. Reward
at 723 Bryant st.
LOST— Tan-colored dog: answers to name of
Jack: reward. LEIPSIC BROS.. 1421 Bu-
chanan St.
LOST— Large shepherd's crook with diamond
settings. Reward of $100 will be given and
no questions asked upon return of same to
M. BERNARD. Campbell, Metson & Camp-
bell, 116 Crocker building.
LOST— Friday (11th), lady's gold watch; initials
I. C. R. on one side, diamond on reverse side.
Return to 2614 Laguna St. and receive reward.
FOUND— A small barge adrift between Marin
Islands and San Quentln on Friday, Jan. 4,
by JOHN GEORGE. San Quentln.
ANY old thing: also diamonds, sealskins: money
on them: private entrance; perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. |
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mann.
OLD gold, diver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, 817 Market St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In that
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
ro'taci* rnifl.
MATTRFS'KS AND PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 313 and-«20 Eleventh st.
BIEDICAL.
_>r1 a W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market,
opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' specialist:
sate, reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed: when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, .__
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007^4 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 a.t office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists: 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed: ladies treated can return, same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, dr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; rafe and sure cure, J5; best care; low
fees; when all others fail consult free.
DR. POPPER.' specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny St.; call and see me.
MP.S. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. &04 Eddy st. '_>V
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 .Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
t above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $3 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
Bt. : rentajp. new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
Itc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ONE 2H h. p. Hercules; 1. 4. h. p. Hicks gaso-
line engine; good order; bargain. 634 Mission.
A 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 216 California st.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand-modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC, and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Poet Bt.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mslllng. tl per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A— KLEIN still pays the best prica for cloth-
Ing, bric-a-brac or old gold. 109 Sixth a_t
phone Jessie 141.
WANTED — Second-hand gasoline launch; 5 to
10 horsepower. . Room S16, Central Bank
building. Oakland.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought-:
sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom; teL Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
/ MINES AND MIXING.
MONTEZUMA Mining CoC'a copper stock (Wash-
ington) Is the greatest bargain on the market.
Development work is being pushed, and mines
will be producers during the coming summer.
Par value of stock, ¦ $1; during January it is
offered at 6 cents cash and 7 cents on in-
stallments. The investment of a small sum In
this big company, will give large returns. Pros-
pectus, maps and ores at our office or by maiL
AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST CO.,
Selling Agents. 310 Safe Deposit bldg.. S. F.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
HALF Interest or less for sale in developed
high-grade gold quartz mln» In California-
. part cash, balance in Installments; thorough
Investigation invited. • For particulars and
reference* address fiwaer. Jbox J13J, jC_3,-~
CLAIRVOYANTS. 1
1UTM~I M. BERNARD, <
the Famous
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Ib permanently located at 17 Third Bt, next .
Examiner building. 'She reads your life cor- (
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happeninf s and por-
trays events to occur In the future. If you •
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not 5
satisfied In life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and i
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice in all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mall; write for lnforma- .
tlon: 2to up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. <
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance .
medium, la permanently located at 1206 Mar- j
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction ;
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm- '¦
1st; 18 years' experience: her knowledge of the
j unseen f orceB la Invaluable to professional and 'j
'business men, to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market St.. corner Mason, room £8.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
reader, born with double veil— second sight; ,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c, (
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Eryptlan gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmjjt. permanently located 1148 Market, op. .
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth. ,
MRS. Melvill, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spok.; tel. HowardlS46.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings ;
dally. 109 Fifth St., room 2.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past, '
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MME. VALEEN, clairvoyant, card ' reader,
palmist and healer. £15 Leavenworth st. ¦
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
lst and card reader; 25o. 7 Seventh Bt.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has removed to 308 O'Farrell st. j
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 114$ Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. £15 Kearny st., rooms 8-10.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; ;
sittings dally. 448H Jessie st. '
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business '
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
BORROW on diamonds; secrecy: private en-
trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant. !
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become "disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing -Works, 853-367 Tehama Bt. : tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Jo per yard, laid at Be.
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth Bt. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
C^O^LE^TJOX^JPFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less eucceFgful. Room 310. !>27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
J9 — COTTAGE; rear: 4 rooms and attlo; garden;
close to cars. 112116 Filbert Bt. .
DENTISTS.
AT the~EL_CTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without, plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2 '
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A — DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings, 60c; plates,
35. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 3443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from Y8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 86»
Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, EOc.
A. L. SIMPSON. D.D. S,, 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and bridgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor." Bush —
Full set of teeth. 14; crowns, $3; fllllngs, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Palnl?ss" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market 6t.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. 5! _T
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
i DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating, pinking. 118 McAllis-
ter: branch 121 Post, over O'Connor. MoffaU.
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING "SCHOOL, '". B. ! F. BUSINESS" COL^
LEGE, 1236 Market St.; Individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL Btudents but two taking full course this
year got positions. BAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
ATRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $3 per month; J50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 6 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorlal phrasing taught; prao-
tlc«l bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping:, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building
CALIFORNIA BU8INESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL, 126 Kearny St., r. 53.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ;day. eve. ; est. 1384.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 802 Montgy.
MONEY advanoed on -articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to 11000. at UNCLE HARRIS'.
16 Grant ave, . '
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher, 1008 Mission st.
FR.ENCH.8panlsh.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcadem*
of languages 320 Post : estab' d 1871; ablest profs.
MUNSON, 8chool Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION: night class. 424 Pine st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electrlo needle. MISB EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible bousecleantng co.; eat.
1S70: practical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post Bt.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE ar.d Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all klnds^ help. 315 Stockton: Main 6188.,
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2001.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 428 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help.. 411^ O'Farrell ft.: tel. EaFt 426.
EMPLOYMENT. WANTED FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nureegirl
or to assist in housework; reference. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. - -
A RESPECTABLE girl wants position to care
for baby and upstairs work. Call at land-
lady'B, 33 Fifth, st. ¦ . ¦ .
AN experienced woman would like .work in
restaurant, boarding and lunch house; hours,
8 to 3. Call or address 264 First St., upstairs.
A WOMAN wants hofsework by. the day; no
: washing. Address box 1156. Call office. ; - .. *
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter;
; best references; also work doae by pleca. Ad-
• drees box 11H. Call office. ¦Christian Alliance Convention.
OAKLAND. Jan. > 14:— Rev.; A. B." Simp
son of. New. York, president of the Chrls
tlan'and Missionary Alliance, will conduct
a v; four-, days' convention. '¦, commencing
Thursday,', at the -First- Baptist Church.
On .Sunday evening the. meeting, will- be
heid at, the Brooklyn Presbyterian' Church:
Dr. Simpson ",will . be . assisted by, Rev. W.
S."i Memfnger of Chicago . and . Rev. v W.; C.
Stevens of. Los Angeles. Sessions, will .be
held at 10 a_rn;and 2 and 7:30 p.*"m-
co:lxege journalists
x change publishers
BERKELEY, Jan. 14.-Editor F. M. Al
len and Manacer F. E. Reed of the Call
fornian, the student pap«r, are having?
trouble with their former publisher. B. F.
Arnold, the manager »f the Gazette Pub
lishing Company. Yesterday Arnold had
everything in readiness to print the Cali
fornian. He 'left the staff of the college
paper in charge of his office and when
he returned the members of the staff had
disappeared, taking with them all of the
advertising, cuts from, their paper. To
day the 'Callfornian made its appearance
from an Oakland printing office." -
Last Ausust Arnold made a year con
tract with J.-W.-S. Bull«r,- then manasrer
of the Callfornian. It was under this con
tract that he expected to print tue col
lege paper this term.
"We do not wish, to make 'any trouble
for the. boys," said Mr. ~ Arnold, "but we
believe we could hold them under the con
tract. - I -have consulted a lawyer, but
nothing will -be done until , Butler returns
to college next week.".
Editor Allen declares that the cuts tak
en belonged, to the staff. and they did not
exceed their risht. Tho members. of; the
staff acknowledge that they have broken
their contract with Arnold, but they hold
that he has \ done ' the same thinp ; many
times before.
Arnold had nearly a galley of type «et
up • before - he : knew_ of - the change. lie
had senufor a force of men to complete
the work.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W A Beard, Orovllle B F Rush, Sulsun
P C Black, Oakland J S Brown, Sulsun
Mrs J T Pearce, N Mx A C Presley, Racine
A J Younger, Cal H C Foy & w, Cal'
S L Casella, Alma G F Waterland & w
J W Rlckard, Cala Chicago
O C White, Olympia Dr J Clark, Gilroy
B Benson, w & fam, R W Van Orden Sacto
Portland M K Loeb & w, Spokn
W H Follls & w, Cal J Scott. Sacto
H S Dawson, Stkton H H Blood. Bkrsfleld
MT Cochrane, Cal H J Matlloux, St Louis
W E Moldrup. Alamed J H Read, Sacto
V Jones, Cal C E Seymour, Cal
T Jones. Cal F V Flint, Sacto
C S RugKles, Chgo Mrs B Hayes. Conn
J J Calrnes. Cal Miss N Hayes, Conn
B Thomas, Delano W M Bramhall, Cala
R M Green. , Oroville A J Huneke, Butte
G W Goldsmith & w, a A McCormack. Utah
Oregon N I> Allen. NT
W D Brundern, NY J C Hall, Redlands
J W Lalng, N Y J Goldman, Merced
R F Wellw^r, 8 Rosa . L A Thompson & w,
H P Clark.TCan City N Y
J Sloan. Nevada . O M Thompson & w.
W W Brown. Cal Cal
L E Aubury, L AnB. R S Chamberlain & w.
J McCudden, Vallejo ¦ Cal
Miss McCudden. Valjo G W Hill & w, Cal
A H Hart, NY- B Derthlck & w. Cal
C W Nlbley. Baker Cty J Mogan. NY
C F Soderllng, Cal Miss A Bowman, Idaho
Mrs A L Lewis, Ptlnd.Mrs W C Ramsey, Cal
G W Neayes. Oregon L A Short, Boston
PALACE HOTEL.
Pr JM Buster, U S AiW E Mather. Los" Ang
Mrs J B Shearer, Kans F P Flins, Los Ang
L M Lyon, New York H G Myers, Los Ang
AW Ralph, SS Algoa W G Stevenson & w, s
E Bush. Stanford Menlo
W J Wiley.. Palo Alto V Southcott. London
P W I^awrence, Cal O L Richards. N Y
J A Mulr, Los Ang C W Reynolds, Li Ang
L F Moss, New York Mrs O P Posey, L Ang
J P Taylor. Jr. Berkly W G Henshaw. Oaklnd
J R Roslyn, N Y F Cole. N Y
A ¦¦ 8 ¦ Beerwell. ' Seattle J D Carson, Portland
W J Elsford, Cal J R Crovath, Chicago
H G Bond, Santa Clara J W Lathrop & w, Or
J Hatch, San Jose * T G Holt, Vancouver
G D Pendleton & w. III P Burns. Vancouver
E J Eklllman, NY T D Honeymoon, Or
T Magee, Louisville W H Moyer, D C
O Bryman. Portland W L'Sealwoke, D C
B W Smith, Los Ang W T Blodgett, N Y
G H Isom & w, Oakld F J Klngman, Chicago
F N . Dewey, ¦ Boston D Keith & w. Sit Lake
W L MJller. Boston Mrs M\ EHike. Sit Lake
T J Hind, Boston Dr T W Cooper, USA
B T Brooks, Baksrsfld
ALAMEDA, Jan. 14.— Felix Peano will
deliver an address before the Unitarian
Club 'Wednesday evening 1 on the subject
of sculpture. He will exhibit the work3
of himself and others In Carrara marble,
bronze, copper and plaster. Harry Wood
Brown, Maurice Kramer and W. J.
O'Brien will contribute the musical num
bers of the programme.
Lecture Before Unitarian Club.
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The Lake- Merritt
Improvement Association, composed of
wealthy residents of the lakeside district,
has offered a reward of $50 for the arrest
and conviction of persons who shoot
ducks on the lake. ..... „ .
Fight Against Duck-Shooting.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Francis Redintton to Margaret T. Reding
ton, lot on N line of Fell street. 137:6 E of
Gough, E 27:6 by N 120; gift.
Louise H. Flach to Francis W. Seltz, lot on
S line of Pine street, 143:9 E of Lyon, E 23 by
S 137:8; $7500. I
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to O. F.
Vella, lot on N line of Nineteentn *cieet, 81:11
W of Guerrero. TV' 81, N 100. ¦W 15:IH, N
208:3^4, E 103:2, 8 177:9, E 18. S 123; J7250.
Hattie Belford (Felbey) and John Belford
to A. B. Forbes, lot on W line of Harrison
street, 170 N of Twenty-fifth, N 25 by W 112:6;
*1000. v
Board of Church Extension of United Pres
byterian Church of North America (a corpora
tion) to Second United Presbyterian Church of
San Francisco (a corporation), lot on W Jlne
of Guerrero street, 146 N of Twenty-third. N
72 by W 117:6. subject to payment. of J6500 to
first party; $3600.
Zacharie and Marie Nouque to^ Louise Peters
<wlfe of David J.), lot on NE corner of Lake
street and Thirteenth avenue, E 40 by N 72;
12000.
John R. Armstrong to Mary A. Armstrong,
lot on NW corner of Lake street and Thir
teenth avenue, W 40 by N 72; gift. . ¦
Solomon and Dora Getz to John J. and Nora
Garvln, lot on W line of Fifth avenue, 273
8 of J street. S 25. by W 120; |500.
Eetate Adolph- Sutro (by Emma L. Merritt
and William R. H. Adamson, executors) to
Joseph Herzog, lot on E line of Great High
way. 162 :S N of K street. N 25 by E 120; $500.
Same to Paul Jeenicke, lot on E line of
Great Highway, 302:6 S of J street, S 60 by
E 120; $1000.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Mary Sullivan,
lot 222, Gift Map 1; $500.
John R.' Farrls to Homer R. Farris, lota 1SS
and 189. Gift Map 4; gift.
• Same to Edward R. Farris, lots 190 and 191,
Gift Map 4; gift.
Francis Redington to Margaret T. Redlngton,
lots 23 and 26, .block 65. City Land Association;
gift. • ¦
Ann Towns to Rosle Ratto (wife of John),
lot 176, Spring Valley Homestead; $10. '
Continental Building and Loan Association to
Andrew J. Soule, lot 17, block 3C, Sunnyslde;
$10. ,
' Alameda County.
Oakland Bank of Savings to John and Pres
tie Davlea, lot on N line of Clement avenue,
2^0 W of Everett street. W 25 by N 150. block
G. Alameda Station Homestead Tract. Oak
land; $»00.
Louisa' Harlngton to Lulu Stutt (wife of
George. J.), lot on SE corner of Eleventh and
Folsom streets, S 100 by E 100, block 23, Beau
dry and Peladeau property,- Oakland; $1250.
Clara B. Bid well (wife of A. R.) to Florence
and Bertha Hurtling- and Jane G. B. Putzar
(wife of E. L.). undivided quarter interest in
lot on 8 line or Fourteenth street. 100 E of
Brush. E 50 by S 100. block 185. KeHersberger"»
map, Oakland; gift. . ¦ ¦
Grace E. and W. J. Mortimer to William S.
Perry, lot on E line of Euclid avenue, J00 N
ot Hllgard. N 60 by E 125. block 15, Daley's
Scenic Park, Berkeley; $1000.
¦ Sarah A. and Frank W. Hopps to Inter Noa
Building and Loan Association, lots 2 to 6,
block B, Fitch Tract, Alameda; $4770.
Albert Jenks to John F. Noble, lot on SB
corner of Eagle avenua and Everett street, E
70.65 by S 150. being the W 70.65 feet of lots
7. 8 and 9, block 2 Jenks and Mead Home
stead, Alameda: $2000.
T. A. and Catherine Crellln to Margaret T.
La Blanc (wife of John), lot on SE corner of
Twith and Jackson streets, E 35 by S lOtr, block
124. Kellersberger's map, Oakland; $5000.
Joseph E. and George D. Morsa to Neal J.
McKeon, all interest in lot on S line ot Ala
meda avenue. 350 W of Walnut street, W 60
by S 150, being lot 17. block E, map of prop
erty, of Pioneer Homestead Association Ala
fnc-da; $500. ¦ ' .
John R. Farrls to Harriet S. B. Farris, lot
on N line of Railroad avenue, 258:7% W of
McPherson or Ninth street. W 60 by N 150,
Alameda; gift.
P. Ingram to Grace Ingram, lot on S line
of San Antonio avenue, 800 W of Walnut
street. W 60 by S 160. being lot 16. in E half
of. block L. lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
meda; gift. - -.-'• * -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 11.
The Home for the Adult Blind at Te
mescal is now In better condition than for
many years, and if the present Legisla
ture srant s- the modest demands of this
Institution Superintendent banders ex
pects to have an actual surplus to the
credit of the factory In place of the $S0O0
deficit which he found there when he took
charge less than two years ago. During
Mr .Sanders' former term he had a fund
of $5000 to the credit of the factory, all
made from- the profits of broom-making.
When Mr. Sanders took charge he found
that there was a deficit of $3000. The last
Legislature met $6000 of this deficit, and
Mr. Sanders will ask the present Legisla
ture lo make up the balance, in or
der tRat the Institution -may start even.
No deficit has occurre.i during the present
management, and the $2000 appropriation
to be asked for will bo applied upon old
bills contracted under a former adminis
tration. Of these bills 11631 27 is for mer
chandise furnished the Home and $470 40
is for salaries.
In order that the shop at the' Home
might be opened and work provided, Su
perintendent Sanders secured broom corn
to the amount of $3450 upon his own per
sonal credit. This was don© In order to
save the increasing 1 market value of the
corn to the Home. Superintendent San
ders will also ask the Legislature to ratify
this action, and pay for the corn, as It has
resulted in a great saving for the State.
Broom Corn_ Purchased Upon Per
sonal Credit Tliat Will
Save Much, to the
State.
Legislature Will B» Asked
to Meet an Old
Deficit.
SMALL DEMANDS
FOR BLIND HOME
TUTS SA3T; FKA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1901.
11
WHITE— In. this city. January 14. 1901. George.
vi dearly beloved . husband of Annie White and
beloved father of Mrs. Augusta Hanson, ' a
native of New York, aged 65 years I months
and 10 days. A member of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association. »
. • E7 Remains at the. funeral parlors of the
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209
i Mission street.
WOLFE— In this . city, January 13, 1901, Mrs.
¦ Lizzie Wolfe, beloved mother of David, Jo-
seph, Abe and Morris and the late Jacob
Wolfe. Mrs. Elian Haynes and Bessie Isaac-
son and Mrs. A. H, Joseph, a native of Ger-
many, aged 6S years.- (Texas, New Mexico
and Salem. Or., papers please copy.)
ITJ'FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 419 Union street, . thence by train at
11:30 o'clock to New Salem Cemetery.
YOUNG— In this city, January 13. 1901, Bertie,
beloved wife of George • H. Young, and
daughter of Mrs. M. A.Walsh, and sister of
Alice Walsh, and niece of Charles E. Hunt,
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 26 years and
11 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, 62 and 68 Mint
avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ORIENTAL Rebekah Lodge No. 90. I. O. O. F.
— Officers and members: You ara hereby no-
tified to assemble at the undertaking; par-
lors of -.Craig & Cochran, / 22 and 26 Mint
avenue, off Fifth street, this day (Tuesday),
at 1:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late sister. Birdie M. Young. ;
- ' EAILWAY TRAVEL.
wot'TMt-.uM PAviriu tonnir.
(pacific nnrrcM.)
TrilT— ¦••»*• »¦*<! atr* ilu» «« itrrlf* at
. man nt.% n«:i.*>«:«>.
(ttain Line. Foot of Market attest)
LtATi — From January 1. I30L — amits
' 7:30* Benida, Suisau. Elrair*. Victrtil*,
• Rumtey and atacramento 7il>?r>
7:80a D»tU, Woodland. KnighU Laadlnj",
MiiryiTilia, iiroti!!-. ; 7x13?
¦TiBOa Atlantic l-;xyr j .«-O;.!*n aad East 13:15?
S:Ot> a Maxtuiez, Saa Umitnu, V»l!e*o, Kapa,
Callatoga au.t S»u:a Uu8* 8il.Tr
»:OOa NQes, IiTenaore, Tracy, JLathros,
Stockton 7llSr
8:30a Shut*. iprost-D&Tia, Williaaa jtfor
Bartlett Spriccs). Willowi. Kel
Bluff. Portland. 7i43p
• •:¦¦>* San Juse. Lttermor*. Stockton.
lone, 8aeramento. Flacerrilla,
.MirjstiU-. Chicu. K«l Kluff 4i|.lp
HiSOa Oakd»l#, Chinese, Honora, Cirten... *l:lSp
!I:IM>» TUjwarJa. Niles and Way Stations. Ill 1.1a
Uioo a Los Angeles Express — Martiuez.
. Tiaej, Lathrop. ->cook ton, Uexetxt
Fiosuo and Los Anggles 7il3p
DsUOa VsUnJo. Maitluei »ud Way Stations SttSr
10:00a The Overland Limited— Ogisa, Den.
-•• ter.X) ujiia, Chle*«3 9 Alt
!l:OOt KUesTBtocktOD, Sacramento, M«n-
dota. Fresno, llaaforJ, Visalla,
PorterTlUe 4il9r
11 too a Li'ermore, Sugar. Qothsn Juno-
tlon, BAkersfleld, Los Angeles
" tl>**P Sacramento Uiter Steamers {SiOOa
8:O«r Hajwarda, Nile* and Way Button*. Briar
4:<><»r Maitiiioz, Hau lUiuou, V*llejo,
Naps, tViUK.jyt. Sauta ttosa »il »4
-lioop B;n!c!a, Winters, Sacramento^
Woodland, KufghU Landing,
JUry»?l!i-\ Or.mlle Ill: II 4
-i«a<»r Haywards. Nile* and ?iajn«» fA****
S:OOr Nile*, iirermore. gtnckintL Lodl ... 1 Vii.Ia
aS:OOi> buoaet Limited. El Paso, K«w
Orleans and East o1«i13a
3:00pThe Oirl I.iaiited— Tracy, F/e«ao.
IUkersdeUI. Bangus {ur saat* U»r-
bara, I-oa Anseles. 1*>I3a
.1:OOr New Orlnc* Express— llakersiMd.
Hant* Barbara. I.os Angles. Dam*
lug, £1 Puo, Hew Otrleaus and
East 7i«!1a
«:OOp Uaywaid*), Nilea ami Han Jose "!> •¦"» *
t«iOOr Vallejo .» Il«4-i4
tftuur Oriental M*ll-O<Jon. Ohejenne.
• Omaha. Chicago 13:lSp
«:00p Oriental -Mail— Ogden, Denver.
OnuU. Chlcaao. -4ilSp
?:OOr Orogimaad California Kxprem, Hae>
rnmmito. Marjafilla. Itftillug,
lVrtUn.l. l'nget Hunt.d ami Kut 9:«5a
8iO3r Ban PadIq, Port ( V»t», Mirtlaes
and Way HUtioas 11:1.1*
11:03 p V»H*]o 7:»3p
COAST DITIHIO9 CUrroir i;«.u?e).
• : . ... . - (Foot ot Market Street. >
8iI3a Newark. CVnterfllle.Sau.loJHj.Fi'lton,
Boulder Cresk.SautaCriiz and Way
Sutious ••aor
1»ili»r Newark, Oenterrille. San .Toa«, Nsw
Almadeo, Velton, n»ulcl«r Creek,
SauU Cras and Principal W*i
Stations flO«!»»A
l.-l.Tp Newark, Hau Jon*. Los Gfttos «:."»•»»
69:SOr KuntarV Eieoision. San Josa and'
WayStatlona r. ? 7 ' ao *
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroaSll miCISCO— Fiat if lUrkit Sinil (Sib S>—
t7:15 0.00 11:00*. M. 1:33 3:33 8:33 '<•¦
rrtmOalLAlB— r««t*(Bru««*T.— 1«:00 {8:00 t3.-C3
10:004.11. 12.C3 2:03 i:C3 3:lSr.«.
COAST Dlfliioi (Unfa.. Mange).
(ThlrJ and To\tn*ieinl Stt.)
t61IOAOcea.11 View. South San KraucUco.. f»s»«»lf
7:«ttA Ban Jura ai»l Way Buttons {Sew
Alii>a4ei> \Veilne."il.>ya<iiily> ltSOr
9iO0a Hun Josa. Tres rinos. HiuiU Cms,
PactUo Of»t« 1'as.i Itublcs. 8aa
l.nli Ol>lapo. H.irf, Lompoe aud
Principal Way Stations A-.inr
l«ilU4 8an Jose aud Way Stations «>33*
IIi3«a San Jomftml Way Stations BiUOp
t *i I5r San Mateo, Kedwooil, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. 8anU Clara, Man Jose.
Tres Plnos, Hauta Cms. Salinas.
Monterey ami 1'aclRo Grove t>*> ! > a A
t:«ia»r Man Jonoand VTay Ktatlons 7:3|»r
fl:15p Ban Jose ami Principal Way .Stations 9:I?A
t3tO«rSan Jo»s Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations tO:«O*
SiSOp San Joss and Principal Way Stations M:3.1a
«i:ior8an Jose and Way .Stations t*»:oi»»
all;4-1p San Jose awl Way Sutlons 7:3»p
A for Morning P for Afternoon. »
t flnnday excepted. t Hmnday os^y.
f Mondays, Wednesdays, Friday*.
« Tuesdays, Thorsdaja. Sondajs. -
a Saturday onl j.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. '
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:10. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:35, 1:30.
1:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:50 d. m.
SUNDAYS-8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.: 1:10. S:20, 5:00,
(:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:i5.
1:43. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:5$
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. »:C<S,
6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
game schedule aa above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive-
Ban Francigco. | Nov. 7. 1900. | Saa Francisco.
Week I Sun- { : I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:10 am «:00 am Novato. 10:40 am) 8:40 am
t :30 pm 9:30 am Petalutna. «:C5 pm' 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm) 4:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Eealdsburc.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:10 pm tM am Cloverdale. 7:35 pin «:22 pm
7:Wam| j Hopland t T ~
I S:00 Ami and Uktah. | 7:33 pm| t:2i pm
7:30 am I 10:&am
8:00 am Guerne villa. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm ' (:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, f :05 pm 8:32 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 ami . 110:40 am '10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. f 7:35 pm! (:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
1 GeyservllI* for Skaggra Springs; at Cloverdaie
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
tad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Potno, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside, Uer1ey"«, BuckneJl's.
Sanhedrln Heights. HullviUe.Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Wllletts, Laytonvtlle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs'
Harris. Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
•- Saturday to itonday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
. On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
'beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, (50 Market at.. Chronicle bnlld-
Ing. R. X. RYAN.
H. C WHITINO, Gen. Pass. Ajt.
Gen. Manager.-
Chicago
in- 3 Days
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-Western Line '
T~\OUBLE Drazemg-T^oom SUsiing
I J Cars f Buffet. Smoking and Library
-*-^ Cars, xeith haroir. Di*mg Cars—
meals a Ix carte. Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personalty Conducted Ex-
cursions evtrv tceek from San Francisco
at 6 p.m. The itsl of ntrvthing.
H. tt. tflTCHiE
617 Marktt St. General Aoent Pad]la Cbcut
Palacn Sold SAN rBAyClXCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaUu Ferry*
Commencing September SO. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. *9:1S. 11:00 a. m.. 1:*i.
1:15. 4:00. 6:15. •«:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Bat-
urdaya at 9':00 and 11:35 p. m.
BUNDAIS-*S«), •10:00. *UM a. m.. 1OX
8:15. # 4:43. «:K>. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO" SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:20. •«:». 7:45. »:30 a. m..
*U:tO. 1:45. **:30. 4:30. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:20. "SiOO. 'W^, »U« a. m.. .
•1:40. »2:13. 4:45. »€:S0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qoenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— »:45. t:45. 7:55. »:30 a. m..
11:33. 2:10. SSO. 4:54, 6:S0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 13:?;} p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8^3. 1U:O5 a. rr... i2:Ci. 2:U. t.30.
COO. C:45 P. m.
¦. - • THROUGH TRAINS
«:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. •
1:45 p. m. Eaturfays— Tomales and way •
stations. «»<
8:0O- a. m. Sunday*— Tomales aa4 way
stations.
PEHSOXALS.
PAKTT Trtfhes to buy Into established coffee
and tea business. Box 1147. Call office.
FOR eale— "La Grippe 1 ' Epeciflcs. 101s SutUr
street. . ,-,.
VOICE culture, piano, French conversation by
Parisian teachers. 40S Golden Gate ave.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores pray
hair to Its natural color; II: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 723 Mkt.
IR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
cure: Zbc; all druggists. .
ril V S ICIASS AXD SIRGEOXS.
LR. C C. O > D0NNELL^Offlce"ana residence,
IQSIH Market tt.. between Sixth ar.d Seventh.
REAL. ESTATE CITY I-OU SA'.E.
K1:aL L^fA^^BARGAIXS^
A. M. SPECK & CO..
C«7 MAKKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARNT.
PRICES WILL SITtELr ADVANCE.
J2100— REDUCED FROM $339.
Four flats; rents (SO.
Four flats; rents ?4S: down town.
jeooo.
Thr*« choice Cats. i:«ar Post and Taylor ets.;
rays ;o per cent; Tt feet froat; offer wanted.
Flats: brand new; east of \ an Xess ave.;
VSSOO— REDUCED FROM J16.000.
Morket-Et. corner, store and Cat.
Grand 14-room residence on Jackson Bt.
$14. 000— REDUCED FROM $18,500.
Cuslness property; ?aTne tenants for years;
atore and rooming house.
$16.00. '
Grend ccrrer. Leavenworth &t. ; 60 feet front;
all rented for $1£5; rr.crtErage $3000; can remain
• t 6 per cent.
tTS.OWV— REDUCED FROM $S2,000.
Choice corner lot. T5-foot front; within half a
t'.ock tit Market si.; with old Improvements;
rents about J»'O; the only corner that can bs
bought vicir.lty of Sixth et.
SS2.&00— REDUCED FROM $60,000.
Grand Investment; 1 00- foot front on Ellis St..
¦w-'.th Improvements; nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about $5,000; terms, half cash.
$12. <XX».
Rents $100; 3 new flats: choice localitv.
$20,000.
Corn»r, 6? feet front; vicinity Futter (ft., east
Bf Hyde; pTar.d hotel, efflce or roomir.'r-'nousa
«'.te; rents $107.
$r>.oi»>. ¦
Butter-st. corner; F7:GxS7:6: elegant Improve-
ments; rents flSJO r>er annum.
$105, W0.
Market et., near Call; 5 per cent net.
A- M. EPECK & CO..
€67 Market fit.. *srr°?'-'-e Kearny.
Correspondence solicited.
IF ycu want to ret a cbolcs) lot for your home
Rt a very lew pric* ard on eapy terms, north
rt the Park and nnt far out. oil ready to
build on. with oars rarMnc in front, ycu will
have to call on W. .r. GCSW, Ot California
et.. between Mor.tp^merv sni Kearny.
IF you have piupeity between Valencia and
Panchez. Fourteenth and Twenty-fourth, and
rou really wart to Fell it. then surp"»e yoii
call en ti;e uni?rs)£Jied. W. J. GL'SX, £39
California it.
IT" you have property rorth of the Park and
ynu wish re e'll c-Jloklv. then coll on W. J.
GUNN. t:o Cai'.rorn'.a »t. .
fir-rfi ONE lot. CEx!37:C. on Carl street, between
ftarivin end Wlllard street*; lot Improved
an<5 re«<*!v tr> bi:114 on: street eewered. Ad-
tr"r< tOt Pacific st-
p; .-. roMKORTABLE cottage home; Mission
warm Wt: e!x room*, bath and bafrment; 6
rooms furnished; bargain. Apply to owner,
H. T. FENNEL. 1015 Carp «t.
FOR tale— Ah exceptional bargain In that ele-
rar.t 10-room up-to-date residence. 775 Cole
t-t.: elepar.tly decorated: or>*?n dally.
REAL, ESTATE COUNTRY For «nl«
CALL rrj MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market et^
rW"k<?Ti ranches, orchards, peneral farms and
f:rw-k ranches; several hundred all over State;
HCir.tfl lists. I ray buyer* car fare.
T n r»nt or for sale — 4 x i sere* of rich, level
lar.a r.»»er San Mateo; improvements. Inquire
I'" Oiun-h et.. near Market.
DEAL ESTATG TO EXCHANGE.
|7(w»_IUPR0VED ranch In Santa Cruz Coun-
ty, to exchange for Improved or uTiimprovel
property In Pan Francisco, Oakland. Ala-
rn«"la or Berkeley. Address L.. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
REAL iwat^ auction sole cf some choice piece*
cf Alamfia property on Saturday, Jan. 19.
l*0L at 4 p. ra., at salesroom, loitl Park Bt.,
Alr.m^a, Cal., particulars later: 6end for
ca:alojrjes. J. A. MONROE & CO.. auction-
eers, li^l Pork et., Alameda- Telephone
<Irard 176.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXP BOARD.
¦\VE cfJer elejjant ruite cf rooms and boar' In
ttlect private home in Alameda to refined
oou j-je; references required. Box 36S. Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
tt'SO— COZT Eostlake cottaire of 5 room*, bath.
hall, bay window and basement; lot 00x100
feet, with open lawn and 6tone walks; elec-
tric !!ne In front: short walking distance from
local station; Insured for $1000; rents for $11
per month; street work complete; the best
I>art of East Oakland; this is a bargain for
a heme or an lavcstmcnt.
$CT5 r >— Modem 2-story dwelling of 9 rooms, both,
ccuble parlors, bay windows, and all in first-
class condition; lot EC*xl40 north or sunny
tide of 6treet, in the very best location close
to Telegraph ave.; mortgage of 12500 on thla
property forces the owner to sell; this place
is worth $1500.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
- THE HOUSE RENTERS.
IOCS BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
|8W FOR a J10.O0 property; lar*e corner lot;
l r '-rocm houi>e; near busine*** center and local
train; positively a greet bargain : space will
not permit extolling ltd good qualities. If a
No. 1 house and a bargain is wanted call
-^ early. Sc«!nr 1* beHevlng. J. S. MTERS &
CO.. 1(X'2 Broadway, Oakland.
j;?.f>0«— HOME cott to bu'.ld. SlS/OO; 10 rooms
and bath: lot ?ft-foot frontage; almost at Four-
tcfr.th and Broadway; choicest location; epace
will not permit In the ad to extol Its charming
qualities; the finest and b«?j«t home ever of-
fered for sale at Fuch *wicriflc«; must be Eold
to close an estate; eeelnjr is believing; call
e-arl.v. J. 6. MYERS & CO.. 1302 Broadway,
Oakland. .
U2:y>_-O>rLY ?3W cashc balance eaey; new bung-
alow cottage 5 rooms; porcelain bath and lat-
cst In everything; cute and «nzy; near broad-
gfc ".r--: close to care. rc!.ot:s and business
c*r.t«r: wouM cost $2500 to duplicate. J. S.
MVHRS & CO., 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
ft CO CASH, U 10 monthly— M acre excellent land
for flSG.
?:5 ooeh. tt 60 monthly— 44 acre Al land, $235.
t22 m cash, ii monthly— % acre superb land
for fSoO.
125 cash, fll monthly— 1 acre (more can b«
had) for 1475.
Adjoining East Oakland: climate, «oll and
view the very beet; away from fogs and raw
¦rtsSs; near electric car line and wide boule-
vard. Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
ft.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JOKES,
Owner.
A ENAF— Only »4i0; lots 25x125 en Mead ave.,
near San Pablo ave. and Twenty-fourth at-:
only 2 lots left at this price; nice new houses
t'jrrouijding; see them. DAVIDSON &
LEIGH. SO Montgomery Bt.. 8. F.
OAKLA.\D KtRXlTCRE FOR SALE.
AS Introduction to you rrora H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS^FOR llOtSEKEEPIXoi
BUEH, 120S— 3 Fmall rooms for housekeeping;
cocking stove furnished.
CHESTNUT. 2i3..No. Beach— Furn. for houe«-
ktreplcg; gunny cr. house; quiet neighborhood.
EDDY. S2S— Floor of 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms; private residence; no children.
FELL, IS&— Furnished room, with or without
housekeeping.
FOL6OM, IMS — 3 or 4 funny rooms; roa etove-
cheap; without chlMren.
HOWARD, 134&-Frcnt and back parlor with
use cf kitchen: urlvatc family.
KATOMA, £10. between Sixth and Seventh—
Large corner sunny etcre; 2 Irving rooms; |18.
OAK, 119— One very sunny room, furnished for
housekeeping; ttove. closet, water; $8.
SEVEN TKtNTH, SC3O— »S; eunny front room
complete ror light housekeeping; one person. 3
VAN NESS ave.. jiOl and 1403. NW. cor. Bush
— Elepant cunuy suites and apartments 'for
housekeeping; private baths; telephone: elec-
tric liKht*; i?un oil day; gas ranges; running '
water in room; will be arranged, clean- i
e<1. painted and newly furnished to suit.
WILLOW, 30, off Larkln, near Eddy— 2 room* '
for general housekeeping; 512.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and sub5crlptions
received at Call branch otfice. 2200 Fillmore st. <
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and i
eur*criptlon« has been - established at 10M
Valencia st. . ] (
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and t'nfarn.
b AHLBORN HOTEL, 821 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
r rooms EOc up; Cm-class meals 25c; free coach.
- A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Kooms 25c
f to 11 per night; Jl 25 to $5 -per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
r DURNETT. 14T* Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
• nlsned rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
; BUSH. E20 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
' rms; day. 25c up; wk, II 60 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
t ELEGANTLY furnished rooms at reasonable
prices; central; at the Warren. 4th & Jessie.
GEARr. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
; rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
• GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
• and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
- - Ungle; ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
' JESSIE, S63, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. |4 and |5; housekeeping. |9.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite Of £ or I
• rms; private; bath; sin, rms; board optional.
LEWIS place, 18. off Taylor, near Post— Fur-
.nlshed and unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en suite.
LILY are., 134, near Octavia— Nice sunny fur-
; nished front room suitable for lady; rent t4.
• MINNA, €67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
. bay-window room; jl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market Et.— Nicely
furnished rooms. 12 a week up; 85c- a day up.
O'FARRELL, to— Sunny furnished and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
- O'FARRELL, 31 4 A— Beautifully furnished sun-
' ny front rooms; reasonable. !
ROSEDALB House, 319-S21 Ellis st— Rooms,
: night. 2?c to II; week. <1 25 to W, open night
ROTAL House. 118 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
readinp-room. emoklngr-room and ladles' pax-
» lor; rooms, per niirht, 85c to $1 60; week, $2 to
; $S; month. JS to $S0; elevator on ground floor
.-• roon-.s with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnlehed.
SIXTH. C36A— 2 nice front rooms; running
water: fireplace; furnished or unfurnished;
board optional: private German family.
BUTTER, 3201*— Changed hands; newly rencT
vated; single rooms. $3; suites, tli to $25 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmors et.
A BRANCH ofttce for Call advertisements and
Fubserlptlons has been established at 109fl
Valencia st. j ; ¦
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st, may
be found a most Exceptionally good table, at-
tractlve ami sightly rooms at modest rates.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE Girls* Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, half-or-
phans and abandoned children have been re-
reived Into the orphanage from July 1, 1905,
to Dec. 81, 1900: Bertha Wess. 11 yr*. ; Fred-
erick. 4. and Ray O'Brien, 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Celia, 4. and Willie Flynn. 2 yrs. ; Mary Mc-
- Lauirhlln. 11 yrs. 3 mos.: Mamie Mullaney. T;
Ann ilullnney. 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Christopher Slul-
ianey, 6 yrs. ; Jim Power, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Violet,
6 yrs.. and Bert Rippon, 4 yrs.: Irene Pel-
man, 8 yrs. 10 mos.: Mary Purdy. 6 yrs. 1
mo., and Alice Purdy, 1 yr. 6 mo.; Ethel. 6
>'rs.. end Clar Johnson. S yrs.; Maria Al-
bach, 6 sts. 1 mo. ; Joseph. 5 yrs. I mos. and
Julia Kennedy, 2 yrs. 10 mos.; Hazel Adams,
11 yrs.: Lllli<? Albertien. 7 yrs. 4 mos.: Annie
Deffechia, 9 yrs. 3 mos.; Hilda. 3 yrs. 10 mos..
end Myrtle Deftechla, 2 yrs.; Joseph. 2 yrs. 4
mos., Louie. 4 yrs. 10 moe., Delia Jeffers 10
yrs.: Elwood. B yrs.. Howard, 6 yrs., and
Maude Wesley, S yrs.; Rose Hurbert. 5 yrs.
4 mos.. Edwin. 2 yrs. 1 mo., and Rachel Vall-
vard. 1 yr. : Joseph MacCort. 6 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Hynes. 1 yr. 8 mos., and Addle Hynes,
2 yrs. S mo*.; Irene Moody, S yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Balenjar, 5 yrs. : Joseph, 10 yrs. 10
mcs.. Luke. 4 yrs., and Fanny Vydan, 2 yrs.;
Eugene Gibbs, 1 yr. 6 mos. ; Mary. 6 yrs., Jo-
seph. 2 yrp.. and Margaretta Olsen, 6 yrs. ;
Lillian P.pdcan, 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Laura Rad-
can. 3 yre. S mos.; Alfred Breilla, 6 yrs •
Willie O'Farrell, 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Mary. 5 yrs..
Ethel. 4 yrs. 10 mos.. and Kate Rowan. 8
yrs. 2 mos.: Eva Bony. 7 yrs. 11 mos. ; Ger-
trude. 4 yrs., and Jim I>aly, 2 yrs. 6 mos.;
Clara. S yrs.. an1 Mary Lonta. 6 >T5.; George,
4 yrs.. and Hubert Kannfelrt. 2 yrs. 2 mos.;
Fred Fraser. B yrs. 3 mos. ; Mrirla'Senoofer. 10
yrs. : Mary Coonan, 4 yrs. 7 mos.: May, 7 vrs.
4 mo? , Joseph. 4 yrs.. and Agnes Filling, 6
yrs. 6 mos.
THE Parlflc Hebrew Orphan Asylum «nd Home
Pociety hereby (rives notice that they have
admitted Into the Orpbanaire from July 1, 1900
to December 81. 1900. the following named or-
phans and half-orphans, boys and girls:
Katie Ftein, 12 yrs. 2 mos.; Julia Stein. 10 yrs.
5 moe.: Ida Stein. * yre. 8 mos.: A. H. Frank.
11 yrs. S mm. ; Edna Frank, 10 yrs.: Freder-
ick Bebergall. 30 yrs. 9 mos. ; Dora Levy, 9
yrs. 7 mr>s.: Louis Levy, 7 yrs. 10 mos.: Jacob
Shaphran. 10 yrs. 3 moe. ; Sam Shaphran. 8
yrs.: Annie Phaphran. « yrs. 2 mos.: Esther
Forman. l»v yrs. 5 mos. : Etta Forman. 7 yrs.
0 moe. : Bertha Forman. 5 yrs. 2 mos. ; Mollie
Forman, 3 yre. 6 mos.; Frank Shaphran, 4 yrs.
o mos.; Mary Laser. 8 yrs. 8 mos.: Augusta
leaser, 6 yrs. 11 mcs. ; Celia Laser, 10 yrs. 9
mos.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: eafe, reliable: take no other;
»enfi 4e stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Lafiles" In letter by return mail: at AruTt-
EistB. Chichester Chemical Co., Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
«15 Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-W: tel. 5SS0.
S K \V I XG MA CniXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing- guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, tola, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIF.RCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
NviLSOX BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S41: Fhlpp'nir at cut rates.
TELEPHONES.
TlrLEPnoNEsrhouw' or^ r^v^tTi^sTireTa
r*t; electrical work In5t»lled. K3<5 Pt. Lobos.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPE WRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. J3. The Typewriter
Exchange, f.36 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
111"' Montgomery Bt.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Office of
Pvrchaslng Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 4, 190L E.ealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering of such quantities of subsis-
tence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
¦wharves or such warehouses In San Francisco,
Cal., as per circular to be seen at this office
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Tuesday. January 15. 1901, and opened Im—
mediately thereafter In presence of bidders.
Specifications, reneral Instructions to bidders
and blank form of proposal will be furnished
to established dealers on application to W. H.
BALDWIN, Major and C. 8.. U. 8. Army
Purchasing Commissary.
DIVIDEND JfOTICES.
WVIDEND NOTICE.— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco.— At a regular meeting
of the Board of Directors of this Bank, held
January 8, 1901, a dividend was declared for
the half-year, ending 81st December, 1900, at
the rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the ISth lnst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to tho 15th
lnst., both days inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January 8. 1S0L
THE semi-annual guaranteed dividend on in-
terest-bearing cash shares In La Zacualpa
Rubber Plantation, at the rate of S per cent
per annum as per coupons, will be du» and
payable at the offices of the company 703-704
Claus Epreckels building. San Francisco on
and after January 15 1901- ' ¦
LA ZACUALPA RUBBER PLANTATION
COMPANY. *
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 17 (twenty-
flve cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market t.t., on and after
TUESDAY, January 15, 1901. Transfer books
closed on Thursday. January 10, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 17 (twen-
ty-five cents per share) of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable
at the office of the cvmpany, 327 Market St.,
Fan Francisco, Cal., on anfl after Monday,
January 21. 1301. Transfer books close on
Tuesday, January IS. 1S01. at 3 o'clock p. m.
. E. H. BHELDON. Secretary.
Mi!BRIAGE~LICENSESr .
The following marriage " licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Edward Dorn, 32, Nevada City, and Florence
Grove, 26, Nevada City.
John E. Roland. 88. 1018' Clay street, and
Alice Elebeck. SI, Stockton. •
Georjre J. Benz, 84. Santa Rosa, and Mettle
L. Chance. 85. Santa Rosa.
Louis Koehler, S3, 627 O'Farrell street, and
Anne Woltcr. 20, 152 Sixth street.
Francis Conlan. 22. 1318 Market street, and
Johanna Ryan. 21. 71J . Natoma street. -
Jcte M. Robledo, S4. Occidental Hotel, and
Charlotte Gashwi'er, 2*. Colonial Hotel.
Charles S. Jenkins, 43, 108H Kills street, and
Jane Crawford, 45.' 108\j Ellis street. ::
Hermann p.. KulperT-' 40. * 230 " Minna streftt,"
and Elizabeth Shells, 41, 230 Minna street.
, w ' m "? Nahmens, 13. Redwood City, and
Annie W. Bly, 15. Portola. •
Benjamin Dlrlnger. 84, Mount Bden, and
Louise Bonn, 88. Mount Eden.
t J ™"\" « S all> 42 - Plymouth, and Elizabeth
L. Gill. 39, Plymouth.
Leroy F. Gunderson. 21. 1301 Kentucky
street, and Annlo Pepp, tl, 1404 Poet street.
Andrew J. Lewis, 40, Eleventh and Bryant
streets, and Annie Wehrll. 44, 17A Rausxh
street. ¦ ' ¦'.-.* x y j r^ . .
1 7? 101 ?*" H - Mullen. 29. Oakland, and 'Ade-
lalde J. Tddamann. 15, Colma.
~BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ¦
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
} n . at either of jhe publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
D J£ FFI EJ L «D- In this city. January 12. 1901, to
the wif« of George W. Duffleld, a daughter.
LESZYNSKY— In this city, January 13, 1901. to
tbe w «» of Ed Leszynsky, a son.
ii W ~i In . th!B clt y* January 13. 1901, to the
wif« of George- Sulch. a son.
MARRIED.
T ° UN _G— WYATT— In San Jose, by the Rev.
*/• T. McKltrick, John Young and Lillian
Wyatt,- both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Almy, Joseph Muller, George
Becker. John O'Oonnell, Mrs. A.
Berryman. John T. CNeil, Thomas
Brady, James T. Oppenheimer, Ines
Brannan, Thomas Perry. Richard
grown. William Planz. Kaspar
Burbank. Samuel M. Revaleon, Robert '
Collins, Denis ¦ Rey, Jane Ann
Donovan Frank T. Eaddlemlre. D. C. .
deling. Rosa Scanlon. Kitty E.
£™[ich. Peter Schlesselmajon. Jno. H
Giblin, Gertrude M. BehablaguV, Marie
Grady. Augustus Smithurst. Albert
Haberlan. Thomas Stewart. Martha
Hamilton. Wm. H. Stroetgen, Joseph
Henon. W alter Strowbrldge, Juliet
House. Josephine TWessen, Llzzls C.
Ka*e. Elizabeth A. Toomey, Mary
P 1 !!, 1 *' -Jdf zle . Tretay. Pearl
xf^ 1 ."-!. 1^.?, 018 W * WelB3 - Mrs - Hannah
McVeigh. William Wittman, Elizabeth
Machado, Mary Wolfe. Mrs. Uzzie.
Marcoux. Delphies White. George
Molloy, Thomas Young, Bertie
ALMY— In San Rafael January 14, 1901, Joseph
Almy. late County Judge, a native of Tlver-
.£,"',. 5- *- a « ed 7S years and 3 months.
(Fall River, R. I., papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, at his
late residence. Interment Bollnas.
BECKER— In this city, January IS, 1901, John,
dearly beloved son of Michael and Laura
Eecker, and dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
George Gies and Michael, Carl, William and
Albert Becker, a native of San Francisco,
ajjed 24 years 2 months and 15 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1406 Powell street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem low
mass will be celebrated Sot the repose of his
soul, commenoing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BERRYMAN— In this city. January 13. 1901.
John T. Berryman, a native of Cornwall.
Knylar.d, aged 66 years.
E? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
BRADY— In this city, January 13, 1901. James
T. Brady, a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
BRANNAN— In Loa Angeles. January 11. 1901.
Thomas, beloved son of Eva and the late
Thomas Brannan, and brother of Mary F.
and. Agnes A. Brannan. Mrs. J. P. Daley,
Brother Zenonlan and the late James E.
Brannan. a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
years 7 months and 3 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances ¦ are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his Ian. resi-
dence. 373 Ninth avenue, near Point Lobos.
thence to Star of the Sea Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his 6oul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 14. 1301. William Brown, a" native
of Kentucky, ased 72 years.
BURBANK— In this city. January 13. 1901,
fc-amuel M., husband of Mary N. Burbank,
and brother of S. E. Burbank of Nevada and
J. P. Burbank of Anderson. Cal., a native of
Maine, aged 67 years 10 months and 3 days.
E7"Friend3 are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services thisi day (Tues-
day), at 3:30 o'clock, at the residence of J. J.
Wentworth, 220S Twenty-fourth street.
COLLINS— In this city. January 11,1 120L Denis
Collins, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
a;ed 53 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In Frultvale, January 12, 1901,
Frank TV, dearly beloved son of Martin and
Margaret Donovan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 30 years and S months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30- o'clock," from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, \
thence to Sacred Heart Church, corner of
Fillmore and Fell streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EGLING— In this city. January 14. 1901. at the
residence of her parents, 2528 Folsom street,
between Twenty-first and Twenty-Second,
Rosa Egling, dearly beloved daughter of
Guido and Einella Egling, and beloved sister
of Theodore and Maria Egling, a native of
New York, aged 4 years 4 months and 11
days,
EMRICH— In Oakland, January 13, 1901, Petei
Emrich, brother of Elizabeth Schmidt, and
uncle of Annie Schmidt, a native of Ger-
many, aged 45 years 9 months and 16 days.
GIBLIN— In this city, January 13, 1901, Ger.
trude M., beloved daughter of Mary T. and
John Glbiln, and beloved sister of Genevieve,
Agnes, Ella. John, Edna and Flossie Glb-
¦ lln, a native of San Francisco.
CT'The funeral will take place this day
'(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1329 Clay street, thence to St. Mary's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her -soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GRADY— In this city. January 13. 1901, Augus-
tus, beloved son of James Grady, and brother
of Lizzie and the late John Grady, a native
of San Francisco. (New York 'papers please
copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the paxlora
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HABERLAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. January 14, 1901, Thomas Haberlan, a na-
tive of California, aged 34 years.
HAMILTON— In this city, January 13, 1901,
William Henry Hamilton, nephew of Mrs.
A. ¦ H. Henlsy, and brother of Miss Lizzie
Hamilton, a native of Canada, aged 25 years
8 months and 3 days. (Montreal, Canada,
papers please copy.)
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. A. H. Henley, 618 Ellis street, San
Francisco. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
HENON— In Santa Barbara, January 10. 1901
Walter, beloved son of C..W. and Mrs. B. j'
Henon. and brother of Paul J., Harry. C. W
Jr., George S. and Maud Henon. a native of
California, aged 24 years and 6 months. (Oak-
land rapers please copy.) .
ETKriends and acQualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of 'his parents, 1744 Market street, .corner of
Van Ness avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HOUSE— In this city. January 13 1901. Jo-
sephine House, widow ¦ of the late L. T
House, and mother of Beatrloo B. House, a
native of Fremont, Ohio.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from 1341 Valencia
street. Interment Laurel Hill 1 Cemetery.
KASE— In this city, January 14, 190L Eliza-
beth A. ICaae (wldow_), beloved mother of
Spencer M., Miriam J. and Thomas K.
Kase, a . native of Pennsylvania, aged 63
years.
KELLING— In this city. January 14, 1901, LJ«-
zle Loretta Kelllng. beloved wife of Henry
Kelllng, and niece of the late Catherine Me-
Quarts, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years 1 month and 12 days. (Troy \ and Al-
bany, N. -Y., and Victoria papers please
copy.) '
{CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, January 17, at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 83A Williams strqet; thence to Et.
Mary's Cathedral, where >a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary. Cemetery.
LARKIN— In Mlllbrae, at the residence of bis
beloved mother. Mri. Thomasa V. Sanchez,
Francis William Larkln. brother of Inez
Larkln and Eiolsa Sanchez, a native of Ban
Francisco, aged 40 years 7 months and 1 day.
McVEIGH— In this city, January 14, 1901, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved son of William and Rose
, McVeigh, and dearly beloved brother of
John, James.- Ellen, Thomas. Barney and
Mary Ajin • McVeigh, a native of Ireland,
aged 26 years 7 months and 24 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),' at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1113 Montgomery '¦? street. - between
Oreen and Vallejo, thence ¦ to • St. Francis
Church, where a low. mass will.be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing' at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MACHADO— In San Pablo, Cal.. January 14.
1901. ¦. Mary, • beloved . wife of Manuel J. Ma-
chado, and mother of Hannah, Mary" and
Frank Machado,' a native of Denmanway,
County Cork, Ireland, aged SI years 9 months
and 27 days. I' llimiMi Ml Ii'miMI 'lUJftHMIII H
E7I Ylends and] acquaintances are - respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the family
'. residence, San Pablo, Cal... thence to San
! Pablo Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. - - . _ ... .-.
MARCOUX— In Emeryville, Cal., January 13,
1901. Delphies, beloved husband of Delia Mar-
coux, and father of Pansy and Alice Mar-
coux, and brother of M. Marcoux. and broth-
er-in-law of Louis Lacaille and Mrs. Broul-
lard and Mrs. Bodett of San Francisco, a
native of Canada, aged 41 years 9 months
and 8 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. ' Ninth street, ' between Powell and
Folsom, thence to 8t. Columba's Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland. ,
MOLLOY - In this city. January 12, 1901.
Thomas Molloy. a native of the parish of
Rahoon, County Galway, Ireland, aged 45
years. I : t ¦ ¦
icy Friends and acaualntances x are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
• emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing . at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsenri
streets. ¦ ¦ . ..
MULLER— In this city. January 12, 1901, George
Muller, beloved son of Gerhard and the late
Catherine Muller, brother of William, Made-
line and Annie Muller, nephew, of Henry
Wellbrock, and cousin of Annie Ahrens, a
native of Donnern, Gestemunde, Germany,
¦ aged S4 years and 8 days. (Jersey City and
New York palters please copy.)
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. MaaES, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
electric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
THE officers and members of Court Justice No.
18, F. of A., or» hereby requested to assem-
ble at the funeral parlors of H.' F. Maass, 917
Mission street, this day (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock, to attend the. "funeral of our late
brother, George Muller. • '
MARTIN H. HUBER, Chief Ranger.
A. F. BRINKMAN, Fin. Bee ,
O'CONNELLr-In this city, January 14, 1301,
Mrs. Annie O'Connell,.- relict of Michael
O'Connell and cousin of Mrs. H. . Cusick, a
nativ* of New York. (New York papers
please copy.)
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenue.
O' NEIL— In this city, January 13, 1901," Thomas
J O'Nell. a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aced 62 years.
<CT Friends and acquaintances are respect"
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 276 Ninth street, thence ¦ to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will b« celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. »
OPPENHEIMER— In this city, January 13,
1901, Inez Oppenhelmer, beloved daughter of
Sarah Holton, and mother of Ruth Oppen-
helmer. and sister of Mrs. Thomas F. Kelly,
Mrs. J. H. Desoria, Ernest and Jessie Grif-
flng, a native of Table Rock, Nebr., aged 33
years and 15 days.
-PERRY— In this city. January 14, 1501, Rich-
ard Perry, beloved father of Mattie Lee
Perry, a native of Tennessee, aged 62 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday, at 2 o'clock, from the fuperal
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the auspices of Liberty Post
No. 133, G. A. R. Interment National Ceme-
tery-
PLANZ— In this city, January 13, 1901, Kaspar
Planz, beloved father of Mrs. A. . Llll and
Henry A., Leonard, William and Lizzie
; Planz, a native of Hesse, Darmstadt, Ger-
many, aged 58 years 3 months and 11 days.
A member of; Cabinet Makers' Union No. 15.
(New York papers please copy.)
tCTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
REVALEON— In this city, January 14. 1901.
Robert, youngest and beloved son of Edward
and Annie Revaleon and brother of Edward,
Francis and the late George Revaleon, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 29
days.
REV— In this city, January 14, 1901, Jane Ann.
beloved wife of the late J. J. Rey, sister of
Joseph Brltton and mother of Mrs. Sander,
Mrs. Sproule, Sylvia Rey and V. G. A. Rey,
a native of England, aged 71 years and 14
days. ¦ , .,
EXNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SADDLEMIRE— In Dawson, January 8, 1901,
Dennison- C. SaGdletnire,* beloved husband of
Sophie B. Saddlemlre of Oakland, and father
of Esther May Lamb, Mrs. M. W. Bristol
and Ida Lamb of Honolulu, a native of Al-
bany, N. Y., aged 56 years. .
SCANLON— In this • city. January 14 1901, at
her residence. 625 Third street, Kitty E.
Scanlon, only and beloved daughter of Mrs.
J. F. Stone, and sister of William H. and
Joseph E. Scanlon ! and Frank . Stone, and
niece of Mrs. M. O'Brien of Pinole, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years and 24 days.
SCHLESSELMANN— In this city, January 14,
1901, John H., beloved husband of Caroline
M. Schleeselmann, .and father of Mrs. A.
Heeth. Mrs. J. Bender and Emma, Alma,
Adolph, Hermann, Johnnie and Walter
Schlesselmann, a native of Jork, Hanover,
Germany, aged 66 years 7 months ¦ and 11
days. A member of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, Concordla Lodge No. 122,
-I. O. O. F., and Hercules Lodge No. 63,
A. O. U. W.
SEHABIAGUE— In this city. January- 13. 1901,
Marie, beloved wife of Thomas Sehabia«rue,
mother of Honore Sehablague, sister of Mr*.
Arnaud Sehablaguc, and sister-in-law of Ar-
naud SehablaKue, Mr. and Mrs. Jean Ray,
Mr. and Mrs. Michel Sehablague and Mr. and*
Mrs. A. Paillet, a native of France, aged f4
years 11 months and 5 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence,- 842 Greenwich street, between Ma-
son and Taylor.
SMITHURST— In this city, January 14, 1901.
Albttt, beloved son of Albert and Clara
Smlthurst, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 8 months.
ETFriends ¦ and acquaintances I are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
STEWART— In this city, January 12, 1901. Mar-
tha, dearly beloved wife of the late Henry
Stewart, and mother . of Mrs. J. P. Taylor
and Harry, John, George and Martha Stew-
art, a native of Chile, aged 45 years 6 months
and 6 daj'S.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at '2 o'clock^ from her late resi-
dence, 6 Scott place, between Broadway and
Pacific' street. Powell and Mason,' thence to
* Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
STROETGEN— In this city, January 13/1901,
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Therese
Stroetgen and , father of Sophie, Emma and
Bertha Stroetijen. a native of Germany, aged
40 years and 1 day. A member of 8an Fran-
clsco Schuetzen Verein; "West End Lodge No.
1107. KnUhts and Ladies of Honor; Court
Hayes Valley No. 69, - Foresters of America;
Mission Turn Verein and St. Paulus Unter-
Etutzungs Verein. .-¦-.- u~- - • ;
lC7"JFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, tha funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
' between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue, ' be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
-a requiem high - mass will be . celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STROWBRIDQB— In this city, January ¦ 14.
1901, Juliet Strowbrldge, a naUve ot Franoe,
aged 50 years.
THIESSEN— In this city January 13, 1901, Liz-
zie C, eldest and dearly beloved daughter of
Barbara ¦ and the late Henry Thlessen, and
sister of Henry and Emma Thiessen, a native
of San Francisco, aged 22 years 5 months and
6 days. A member of St. Paul's Young La-
dins' Society. . „ .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ¦ funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 34S A Harriet street, between Bry-
ant and Brannan, thence to St. Paul's Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church, 1419 How-
ard street, near Tenth, where services will be
, held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
TOOMEY— In this city, January 12. 1901, Mary
beloved • wife of Henry Toomey. mother of
Mary, John, William. Kate. Ella. Benjamin.
'George and Alice Toomey. and sister of John
Carmody, a native of Lowell, Mays., a ted 45
¦ years and 19 days. (Lowell, Mass., and Og-
denburr. N. Y., papers please copy.)
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the , funeral this day
(Tuesday). • af 10 o'clock, - from her . late resi-
dence. 2777 Twenty-third street, thence to et.
Peter'o Church, where sen-ices will be held at
. 10:30 o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. • . •
TREGAT- In this city, January 14. 1901. Pearl
beloved daughter, of "William G. and Susan
¦ Pearce Trcgay, and sister of Maude, Gladys,
"William A.- and- Frederick Trejray. a native
¦ of San Francisco, aged 6 months and 14 days.
WITTMAN— In this city. January 14, 1991,
Elizabeth 'Agnes, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Caroline Wlttman and sister ' of
Joseph and John Wlttman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 2 months -and .12
days.*tsWsjf^fBtfMM^c9MVBlSMnBHlBBWPi
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
' of her • parents, 466 i Tehama street, between
Fifth and- Sixth,' then**, tr> St. Boniface's
Church. 'Golden Gate avenue, near Jonea
"street, • for/ services.- .Interment, Holy' Cross
Cemetery. • :¦¦ . ¦ • ....
WEISS— In Greenville. Miss.. "January. 12, 1901,
Mrs. ; Hannah .Weiss,* mother s of . Mrs.- Flora
Witt, and grandmother; of Mrs.'. Julius Phil-
¦ lips • and the ¦ Misses • Sadie •¦Witt 'and Edna
• Goldstein ".'•". - *-.
HBNP.Y.J. GALLAGHERCOi '.
(Eucceesor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB.
20 Fifth st.;. opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South 80." ¦ , .
RATXWAY TRAVEL.
+ +
? . ?
| The I
I RoadRunner !
"^^ ' ¦ - ¦ . "t
On the Santa Fo road to ~t
+ * Chicago in *3 days— -f
She puns the
I California!
t Limited t
O +++ + + ++++.+++++ + ++++©
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Pan Fran. 7:20 a 1:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
" Merced .. U:I5p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" , Fresno ... 1:20 p 2:35 p I:C6 a
" Hanford . 4:2* p 3:27 p 7:08 a
" Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
11 Tular* ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 8:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City *:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
¦ a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train !• the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs •
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored oa this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. In Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:03 su m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers <and
free -Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 1:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. ro. Is Bakersfleld .Local, stepping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— *« Market ntr»et and In Ferry
Depot. Ban Francisco: 111S Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦ -¦
Are You
Interested in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let.
us know if you do.
F. W. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent,
64 1 Market st.
MOUNT^ TAMALPAIS RAILWAY •
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS 9:15 a. m. ; 1:45 and 4:08 d. m.
SUNDAYS... 8:00. 10 ;00, 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare,' San Francisco to Summit and return,
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Tlrk»t ¦ nffloow ¦ «21 M»rk»t «t.. Sausallto F>rrr.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 KF.AB5V ST. Kstabllshed
In 183s for the treatmrnt of l'rlv«t«
DisrasM, Irfist Manhood. Debility or
(lijwas- wparlnfrnn body ami nilnd and
Skin Discuses. The Doctorcnreswhen
others. fall. Try him. ('barges low.
<:«!•«•« cnnrnnlrril. Cnllor write.
a>r. a. F. UIBBOX, »au Francisco, CaLI>B. KENYOTTN DOWN. WITH
A SERIOUS SICKNESS
Hearing of the Petition for the Writ
of Mandatory Injunction Is
The hearing of the writ of mandatory
injunction against" Federal Quarantine Of
ficer Dr. J.-J. Kinyoun wasto have be
gun yesterday morning before Judge Mor
row, but was postponed 1 until next Mon
day. Judge, Morrow sitting in the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals in the Mc-
Kenzie contempt matter. ¦
Dr. Klnyoun was reported very sick with
catarrh: of the appendix,. and was unable
to leave his room in the quarantine head
quarters at Angel Island. ,Tbe : attending
physicians, reported his case asserious.
DR. HOLMES ARRESTED : •
FOE. SMUGGLING SILK
Bolt of the Lustrous ' Material Found
on the Person of His . . .
Assistant.
Dr. Holmes, surgeon of the United
States transport Grant, was arrested yes
terday, by the United States Marshal on a
charge of smuggling a , bolt of silk from
the" transport'" on January 2. He 'was
taken before United . States Court Com
missioner Heacock and was released on
his own recognizance pending examlna
\Vhen the; bolt of silk was found In Dr.
Holmes' baggage as he was landing from
the Grant the customs Inspector notified
him. that it, would be sent r to the Apprais
er's store for valuation and that he could
release It on paying the duty. Dr. Holmes
-said that he would prefer to send the silk
back to his ! room on the • transport, which
he did ,/ by A. Milthorp. his assistant. A
few minutes later Milthorp was stopped
as, he was going ashore with the syk con
cealed under his coat. • Milthorp; was ar
rested and * pleaded ' that he was ; obeying
theorders of Dr.rHolmes, and,that-lf the
doctor had commanded him to go ashore
naked he would have had to obey.
Judge Thomas F. Graham is slowly fall
ing behind his opponent. Judge William
R. Dalngerfield. {n the contest now on be
fore Judge Murasky. At the end of the
recount yesterday Judge Daingerfleld was
credited with a net gain of three votes,
which increases his lead over Graham to
twenty-two votes. The recount goes on
cgain to-day.
Daingerfield Gains.
CITY AND i COUNTY WINS .
: AN IMPOBTANT ACTION
Supreme Court Holds Certain Stocks
= and Bonds Are Not' Exempt
' From Taxation.
The Supreme ' Court \ yesterday handed
down a "decision In the important case of
the Savings'.and , Loan Society against the
City J and County ; of San- Francisco. • The
Judgment, of the" .lower court iwas'af
ftrmed and the municipality scores a big
victory.
Suit was brought by the bank, to recover
certain taxes -¦¦ paid tinder • protest •- and
levied uoon certain loans made by the
bank and secured by pledge of stocks and
bonds exempt' from taxation. The con
tention of the* bank was that the stocks
ana bonds so pledged are collateral to se
cure ' such loans . and ¦ are exempt from
taxation, upon the theory . that such
loans s were ,- to be - deemed and treat
ed as an interest in the property, by which
they are secured; and the;property.secur
ing them being exempt, such interest was
also exempt. \
. The: Supreme- Court • in affirming ; the
Judgment of the lower court said It could
not see any' reason for holdlng'that be
cause the security happens to be of some
kind of ¦ property.'; exempt '-¦ by law, the
debt ¦ secured thereby should - also be . ex
enfpt: ' •¦¦;-¦ ' t . '-¦"¦¦;,'.¦ -'¦'-.¦ '* -'. : ••;¦¦:"» .¦;.-¦.-'.
Franklin K.' Lanei' the City and County
Attorneys and .William . I. Brobeck < ap
peared'for the city and county, and Syd
ney ¦¦V.-. Smith and A;'. N. Drown represent
ed- the ; bank, * ' ' ' .
Ladies Do . Have Patience.
'.. Ono must go"< to the Pattoslen Company
to learn that ladies have patience. Ever
since the great challenge sale commenced,
rain or sunshine,' eome ; ladles .waited as
long as two hours to be. waited. on. '•-. They
had good reason whon real. Brussels car
pets .sell at, 45c yard, fine. parlor suits
$17, i oak bedroom , suits . $15. . The entire
stock . at : same low figures. Corner . Six
teenth and- Mission streets. • "*'{
TAKEN TO A MISSION
AGAINST HER WILL
Young Chinese Woman, Dragged
From Her Home, Declares Police
Acted Without Warrant.
Quite a little excitement was » caused
among the Mongolian residents of Sulli
van alley shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday
afternoon by the forcible carrying off of
Tew Tow, a handsome young Chinese
woman from her home. Corporal Anthony
and Policeman Ben Kaskell, who Is bailiff
in Judge Conlan'e ' court, entered the
woman's room and told her she must go
with them to the Washington-street mis
sion. When she objected the offlcer» took
hold of her and tried to force her along.
The woman lay on the floor 'and made a
strong resistance, crying to the men to
show her a warrant for her arrest and
promising to go peaceably If they pro
duced authority.
Yee was finally taken from the hou3e,
but when she reached the street she fought
¦ vigorously, kicking and biting- the bfflcer3
in her vain effort to release- herself. To
her friends he declared that the officers
were kidnaping her and were acting with
out warrant. She said that she was 20
years of age and was being taken from
her home agratnst her -win. All the way
to the mission she fought and struggled,
yelling at the top of her voice and de
nouncing the action of the mission peo
ple and the unlawful methods of tha po
lice. The woman was taken to the mis
sion, where she kept up an incessant pre
test. No record of her arrest was made
at the City Prison. .
MILLINERS DISAGREE
AND SPLIT FOLLOWS
Many Walk Out of Meeting at Which
! j;*^~ -¦'. It Is Decided to Form a .
/ .. Union.
A union or not a union was the per
plexing problem which was troubling the
brains of the fair milliners of this city,
and it proved a rock upon- which they split
last night. They are unanimous in their
desire to have the milliner stores close 'at
6 o'clock, but some of- them hesitate and
become extremely ".timid when | they see
the. possibility- of a dreadful strike loom
ing up before them. At the meeting last
night the matter was discussed in a very
stormy manner. ¦ .
Two ; factions arose — the unionists and
the , non-unionists. The former agitated
the : imm"edlate formation, of. a union and
affiliation with the federation of unions,
¦whlle-the latter thought the storekeepers
would accede to- their demands without
the necessity of taking any such drastic
measures. The unionists, who were well
organized " under the \ leadership - of Mrs.
Reynolds,'. finally, carried. their point, and
the'lr opponents withdrew from tho meet-
Ing ¦'-'A union was formed and Mrs. Bessie
Collins was elected president. J. D. Pierce
and. wife of the American. Federation or
Labor 'were present and addressed the
meeting on the alms and advantages of
the labor union. ¦ :
Trunks and Valises.
-For quality, variety and price see our
trunks, valises, traveling bags, dress-suit
cases, belts, pocketbooks. purses, bill
books and letter cases. Your name in
gold letters free of charge., Sanborn, \ ail
& Co.. 741 Market street. •
and this fact saved him from the wrath
of Kendall. • -
• Trewella was 54 years old and had been
engaged In the hotel and restaurant busi
ness in this city and 'the State for many
years. . Mrs. j Trewella will return to the
cky this morning.
©Robert E. Glaze was again interviewed
late last evening. At first he was reticent
about the affair. He claimed that he was
•advised by his attorney not to make any
statement. He later claimed that he was
forced to the act In self-defense.
" "Trewella was coming for me like a
mad bull," he said. "He had an ugly, look
In his eye, and I am sure he made a mo
tion to draw a gun on me. I shot him,
and I did it clearly in self-defensq. I hear
that. they found no gun on him. but that
is not improbable, as the Morgue officials
did not take his body away until twenty
minutes after ho was shot. Trewella
handled my wife roughly last night; he
took her by the shoulders and shook her
roughly. I had to kill him or he would
have killed me."
Miss May Shelley, stepdaughter of
Glaze, said last night that Mrs. Glaze re
fused to be interviewed. When asked If
Trewella had ever annoyed her mothe*
she answered in the affirmative/ All other
questions she refused to answer. ; .• :
Glaze is well known in this city. Ho
was employed at the Baldwin Hotel for
some years as night clerk and also as
day clerk. Alter the Baldwin Hotel was
destroyed by fire Glaze went to the Ha
waiian Islands ana ran a hotel there for
some time. He was born near Dallas;
Polk County, Oregon, where his mother
and sisters' still reside. .Twenty years ago
the Glaze : family became involved In a
feud with. a family named Whitney and
two of the Whltneyswere killed/It was
alleged, by Till Glaze: an elder brother
of the man who shot 'his partner yester
day. Till Glaze afterward met a violent
death in Oklahoma. ,. . .
am locked up. everything- taken from my
pockets and charged with murder."
Glaze then asked if it was . really true
that Trewella was dead, and when . in
formed that his partner was no more.
Glaze said:
"Well. I am sorry for him, but it could
not be helped."
Oscar Tolle. clerk in Superior Judge
Carroll Cook's court, who Is an old friend j
of Glaze, hastened to the prison when
he learjicd that Glaze was charged with
murder. Glaze informed Tolle that he had
shot Trewella in self-defense, and, when
asked by Tolle what, caused the shooting
stated that "Trewella lnld hands on my
wife last night." Neither the accused
man nor his wife would make any state
ment yesterday as to what offense . Tre-.
wella had been guilty. .
The Chinese cook of the Windsor Hotel,
Ah Jim, was a few feet away from the
spot of the tragedy at the time, it oc
curred, but the Celestial claimed that he
heard no words pass between his employ
ers. All he knew of the affair was that
he heard the shots fired." ¦ . .
George Deal and John Porter, employes
of the hotel, were in the saloon directly
over the bakery, where the shooting hap
pened. They said that they heard four
shots fired, bufheard no quarrel between
Trewella and Glaze. Miss Amanda ¦ Lar
sen, who was in the laundry which ad
joins the kitchen, claims- that she heard
only the sound of shots. ' ' ' .
A number of the employes of the hotel
Informed the police after the murder that
they had heard- the sound of 'firing, but
could throw but little light on. the trag
edy.. ' ' . . - ¦ . •: . '.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Trewella went
to Auburn, and some of her friends as
sert that her journey, was for, the pur
pose of raising • money, as her husband
desired to buy Glaze's Interest In the ho
tel. They also say that Mrs. Trewella
frequently told them that . her husband
had never drawn a cent out: of the re
ceipts of the hotel, and that each month
he was obliged to draw upon 'his- own
funds for his expenses. It Is known .that
during the last week Trewellai with the
aid of Night Clerk Heaney, had made an
investigation of the books, and'that' Glaze
only a few days ago learned of Trewella's
acticn. - "• '. ; '*
Frank L. Seavler, an employe of the
Gas Consumers' Association, who boards
at 'the Windsor Hotel, stated last night
that he was the first to reach Trewella
after the shooting. H?. tried to lift the
dying man, who exclaimed, "My God, he
has killed me." Shortly afterward the
doctors arrived and Trewella died without
uttering another word. .
The statement of the bellboy O'Connor
is fully borne out by the location of the
bullet wounds on Trewella's body. The
door of the bakery is to the left of the
stairs leading from the kitchen, and it is
evident that the first bullet fired by Glaze
struck his victim in the left arm; the sec
ond bullet entered the left shoulder blade'
as Trcwella reeled with his back toward
his murderer, who then flred a third bullet
into the spine of Trewella. As-the.In
jured man sank to the floor two more
shots were fired, which entered the chest
Just below the breastbone and perforated
the stomach. The powder burns . on
Trewella's shirt front show • ¦: that the
murderer mustvhave held .his - weapon
at close range. *
Detectives Cody and McCann, who were
detailed' by Captain Seymour to work on
the case, learned last night that a serious
quarrel had taken place on Sunday [even-
Ing ; between Mrs. ¦ ; Glaze . ; and ; j Mrs.
Trewella.' • Mrs. Glaze, it is said," went ; to
the rooms of Mrs., Trewella and; roundly
abused her. Seeing that Mrs. ; Glaze was
under the Influence of liquor. »Mrs.
Trewella ordered her from the room, and
when she refused to go, Mrs.' Glaze ;was
pushed outside the door, which was shut
in her face. — This ; incident- is- supposed
to have been the basis, of Glaze's, state
ment-that Trewella had laid hands-on
Mrs. Glaze. J
Robert Kendall, a son-in-law of Trew
ella. sought to wreak vengeance on Glaze,"
when he learned of the murder. ." Kendall
! came Into : the hotel, and: when; told that
i Trewella was dead, rushed out into the
I street looking . f or Glaze. r.The murderer
1 wu ' on his : way to ' police ; headquarters,
THE SLAYER, HIS WIFE AND THE VICTIM IN THE TRAGEDY WHICH
WAS KNACTED YESTERDAY AFTERNOON IN THE KITCHEN OF
THE WINDSOR HOTEL.
The Supreme Court opened its January
calendar yesterday and listened all day to
arguments in many now celebrated cases.
The appeal; of Cordelia Botkin. the
wpman who .was convicted ¦ of poisoning:
Mrs. John P. Dunning and her sister, was
arguAl and submitted. Attorney General
Tirey.L. Ford appeared in behalf of the
people and replied to the address de
livered by Charles Heggerty, counsel for
appellant. The argument of Mr. Heg
gerty was ' •' devoted solely, to the point
that there was an insufficiency of evidence
to warrant a conviction. The Attorney
General confessed error in this case, as he
did in the Brandos case, which also came
up for hearing.
When the Brandes case was called by
Chief Justice Beatty, the Attorney Gen
eral admitted that error had been com
mitted" by the lower court.' Attorney F.
W." Sawyer of Oakland, attorney for the
man/ who was convicted of choking and
beating his 14-year-old daughter to death,
Informed the court that the evidence was
insufficient to convict his client. He said
he hoped to secure a dismissal of the case
by the lower court and thereby save the
county of Alameda flvo. or six thousand
dollars for prosecuting another trial.
'The "case was' ordered placed at the
foot of to-day's calendar."
Supreme Court Justices Hear
Arguments in Her
Behalf."
CORDELIA BOTKIN
SEEKS NEW TRIAL
his victim and opened fire on him at close
range from behind a door without a word
of warning. The fact that no weapon was
found on the dead man bears out the
theory that it was a brutal, premeditated
murder. The motive for the crime is j
somewhat obscure, but from remarks |
dropped by Glaze may have been fancieo
insults offered to Mrs. Glaze.
O'Connor, when first questioned by the
police shortly after the murder, pretend
ed to know nothing of the shooting, but
when taken before Captain of Detectives
Seymour last night admitted that he wil
ressed the shooting and then made the
following statement, explaining that his
assumed ignorance when first, questioned
was because he feared to talk:
"I was on duty in the afternoon," said
O'Connor, "when I answered a call to room
27 and was asked to get some drinks from
the bar. The bar is situated up a flight
of stairs in the interior open court of the
hotel. I went to the bar and the bar
keeper told me that he had no limes and
requested me to go and ask Mr. Trewella
for some. The barkeeper told me that
Mr Trewella had just gone downstairs
with Mr. Glaze. I went to the kitchen,
which Is right under the barroom, and
saw Mr. Trewella inside.
"I did not see Mr. Glaze around. I told
Mr. Trewella what I wanted and he asked
me to go with him to the storeroom and
he would give me the limes. Mr. Trewella
vrent ahead and I followed him from tho
kitchen. There are three steps which
lead down from the kitchen to the level
of the interior court and the storeroom
is opposite the kitchen door.
"As Mr. Trewella had just started down
the steps of the kitchen the first thing I
knew was that Mr. Glaze was near the
steps and was firing at Mr. Trewella. I
was so scared that I cannot remember
how many shots were fired. I know that
as Mr. Trewella sank to the ground Mr. j
Glaze was still firing his pistol.
"Then Glaze went into the bakery and
went right around the kitchen and came
up behind me, having gone through an
other door. He said to me, 'If any one
asks you how he was shot, you say that
he shot himself." Glaze then walked away
and I tried to help Mr. Trewella up, but
I W2.s unable to do so. Then I went into
the hotel and soon afterward the police
and doctors arrived."
Trewella and Glaze had been in part
nership for ten months, both men be
ing married and having stepchildren. Tho
two families resided in the hotel. As far
as is known, Trewella and Glaze hav^
been on most friendly terms, and the
shooting came as a surprise to all the at
taches of the hotel.
A few minutes before 2 p. m. yesterday,
Trewella and Glaze wore scon in the lobby
of the hotel, apparently engaged in friend
lj* conversation.
The two men proceeded to the rear of
the lobby and passed out into the Interior
open court of the building and ascended
to the saloon, which is situated over the
kitchen and bakery of the hotel.
After taking a drink in the saloon, Tro
wella and Glaze went downstairs and en
tered the bakery, which adjoins the kitch-
In a few minutes the sounds of pistol
shots startled the guests and attaches of
the hotel, and several of them saw Glaze
as he was walking away from the body
of his victim. He appeared cool and calm
ly ejected the exploded shells from his re
vclver and started to reload the weapon.
As he entered the office of the hotel. Al
bert Shelley, Glaze's stepson, who, was on
duty, wrenched the revolver from his
hand and cursed him. He then told him
to give himself up to the police. Glaze
did as he was told, and surrendered- to
Police Officers N. J. Barry and D. J. Drls
coll at the corner of Eddy and Market
streets.
"I have shot my partner, Trewella.,
said Glaze to the officers, to whom he was
known, "and I want to give myself up.
We have often had trouble about domestic
and business affair? and he threatened mo
many times. A little while ago he came
toward me in a threatening manner and
made a motion as if to pull a weapon. I
thought he had a gun, bo I pulled my pis
tol and shot him."
Glaze was taken to the Southern station,
from which place he was conveyed to the
Hall of Justice.
As soon as the shooting was known to
the employes of the Windsor -Hotel, ur
gent calls were sent for physicians, as
Trewella was still aUve. Dr. F. A, Mc-
Mahon, 230 Turk street, and Dr. G. W.
O'Donnell responded. They hastily exam
ined Trewella and found that he was be
yond human aid, as two of the bullets had
entered the stomach. While the doctors
were cxamlnine Trewella the wounded
man gave a gasp and <Qied.
The newsof the shooting spread rapidly
and a large crowd congregated in front
of the hotel, requiring the presence of a
number of policemen to keep the sidewalk
clear. The Coroner's deputies soon ar
rived and searched Trewella's body, but
no weapon was found on it, a few papers,
$2 in money ajid some keys being all that
was in the pockets of the dead man.
The policemen and Detective Cody ex
amined the pistol with which the shootinjr
had been done and- found one new car
tridge in it. A careful search of the bak
ery revealed the presence of five empty
Phells, and It is evident that Glaze, after
firing all the bullets from his pistol, had
ejected the empty cartiidges and put in
a single shell. Just why Glaze did this he
declines to state.
Soon after being conveyed to the Hall
of Justice, Glaze sent for his attorney,
I. I. Brown, and for Mrs. Glaze. He sat
in the lobby of the prison and talked
earnestly with his wife and his attorney. ;
"I had to kill that man," said the pris
oner to a reporter for The Call; "that is all
I can say. I know that is a serious state
ment to make, but either I had to kill
him or he would have killed me.: I cannot
say any more now, as my attorney has
advised me to say nothing. This is a
serious position for me to b« In. w«r« I
WILLIAM TREWELLA, one of
the proprietors of the Wind
sor Hotel" at Fifth and Mar
ket streets, was shot and al
most instantly killed a few
minutes before 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon by his partner, Robert E. Glaze.
The shooting occurred in the kitchen of
the hotel 'and Trewella's body was liter
ally ri-idled with bullets. Glaze, imme
diately after the shooting, gave himseir
up to the police, claiming he had killed
his partner in self-defense, but accord
ing to the statement made last night by
John J. O'Connor, a bellboy, and the only
eyewitness of the tragedy, the killing
was a cold-blooded, deliberate assassina
tion. O'Connor says Glaze lay in wait for
Bellboy Who Vv^itnessed the Tragedy Says the Slayer Hid
Behind a Door and Shot His Victim Down Without a
AATord of .Warning, Riddling " His : Body '^sVith/ Bullets
Question — Don't you consider the
transport Grant seaworthyP
Answer — I most -assuredly do not.
It is a rattletrap. The only .thing
that is good about this ship is the
iron hull which is below the super
structure. Captain Buford.said "An
other trip and she will fall apart."
She is leaky all over the decks and
she is very weakly constructed above
the main deck- If a good eza should
ever strike the ship, such as we might j
expect, she would go to pieces. We j
have nsver seen any bad weather yet. j
Captain Baker — If this ship is un- j
seaworthy I want to know it.
Captain Scheller — Well, she is; I
tell you right now. I
The foregoing is an extract from the
testimony of Captain John F. Seheller.
sailing master of the Grant, during an
Investigation by Lieutenant Colonel j
Marion P. Maus, inspector greneral. U. S.
V.. as to the condition of the Government
transport Grant. Captain Seheller said
further that the whole deck was leaky
ac<J that it was impossible to prevent it.
Captain Baker, in charge of the Grant,
denied that he had ever received a report
from any one that the ship was unsea
¦worthy.
The following is an extract from the re
port of Captain Seheller to the depart
ment: *
X have repeatedly pointed out to the trans
port Quartermaster the necessity of Riving the
•hip a thorough overnaullnK. as la my opinion
the is In bad condition and consequently unfit
for sea. This rebuilding ha* been postponed
from one trip to another. When I relieved
Captain Buford as matter of the Grant I asked
blm about the condition of the ship. His an
swer was. "If the ship makes another trip »he
may fall to pieces." This i6. of course, an
exaggeration, as the hull below the main deck
is la good condition, but above this, including
the upper structure and decks, she is In bad
condition and in rainy weather or in a seaway
•.»•¦ epar, main, saloon and promenade decks
end the living quarters located there are leak
ing and much complaint has been made to that
effect.
It was a general opinion that the Grant
would have been laid up on the completion of
voyajre No. Z and Captain Baker requested me
stNapasaki to see Co'cnel Hyfie, the quarter
master thPre. to tell him that tlie ship would
be good for another trio. Against my better
judgment and to plea.-* Captain Baker and to
ovoid any unpleafamiiiss 1 did tell Colonel
Hyde that the ehip could make another trip,
which the did under fortunate conditions. The |
ship may run for year:-, but should she ever I
encounter heavy weather The would be in great
danger, due to the structural weakness of the
upper portions of the vessel.
I respectfully submit the foregoing statement
Cor jour consideration, trusting that it will
receive fair and impartial treatment.
This report was supplemented by a let
ter under date of January 11 from John
Barneson. Marine Superintendent of the
Army Transixirt 'Service, demanding an
investigation as to its truth or falsity. In
that letter Captain Barneson said:
I have the honor to report that Captain J.
F. Schiller, master of the United States array
transport Grar.l. while under oath in an in
vestigation recently made by Colonel Maus.
United State* army inspector peneral. Depart
ment of California, stated that the Grant, of
which he was then master, was unseaworthy.
a rattle-trap and unfit to go to sea. I would
respectfully request investigation of this state
ment. The vessel If running under certificate (
prar.ted by your offlc*-. Captain Schelier has
never reported to me anything that would war
rant the statement made by him tinder oath,
and as I understand it to be his duty to im
mediately report to you anything of so grave
iinprrtance with his vessel I respectfully re
quest that investigation be made, and If it is
found that there is any defect in this vessel
that a thorough reinspectlon be made by your
effice before the vessel sails again.
The matter was thereupon taken up by
Captain John Bermlngham, Supervising
InFpector. First District. With that
promptitude and decision which have com
mended the captain to the favorable
notice ai the department at Washington,
he proceeded to the transport yesterday
morning" and, made a personal Investiga
tion. In attendance, in obedience to his
summons, there were present Captain
Seheller; Captain John Barneson, super-
Intending engineer; J. H. Humphreys, as
sistant superintendent; C. J. Brugiere,
flrst officer; Jonah Sidley, chief engineer;
Captain Baker, quartermaster U. S. A..
tnd W. Murphy, second officer. After
making a careful survey of the ship and
?xsmlntag: all the parties the Supervising
Inspector retired to his office and pre
pared the following decision:
Captain John Barneson, Marine Superintend
ent, U. B. A- T. 6.. San Francisco, Cal.— Bir:
Tour letter cf the 11th lnst to the United
States local Inspectors for this district relative
to the rexxMt of Captain J. F. Bcheller, late
zsaster of the Cnltad 8tat«s army transport
Orarst, alleging under oaxh before Colonel
Marion P. Maus, inspector general, U. 8. V.,
at army headquarters here the unseaworthiness
of the United States army transport Grant,
kas been referred to me by that board for my
action.
I bet leave to state in regard, to the allega
tions of the said Captain Seheller in his tes
timony recently given before Colonel Maus/
that, upon personal Investigation made by two
special visits to th« Grant on the 12th and
14th lnets.. I find the condition of that vessel
to be about the eame as she had been ever
einc« her arrival on this 'toast: her hull, boilers
and machinery are all In good condition.
There are practically continuous lines of
butts IB the plank of the spar deck extending"
from her hatches to the side or the vessel,
made »? by shutting In former gangways to
eald hatches. These butts leak a little during
heavy weather, caused, no doubt, by the vibra
tion of the forebody of the ship. Incident to
the action of the propellers in all screw steam
ers ana occasionally a very little water gets
Into a few of her fctaterooms during heavy
weather. All these leaks can be minimised. If
not entirely stopped, by a little vigilance on
the part of the officers of the vessel. None
of the water from said leaks can pass down
into the hold of the vessel, but rather passes
out through the scuppers leading from the main
deck, and In no way Jeopardizes the safety of
the veesel or the lives of her passengers or
crew.
From what I learn from the deck oflJcers of
the Grant I am convinced that the sweeping
allegations of Captain Seheller as to the
Grant's beir.e: a "rattle-trap" and "unsea
worthy" were only fig-tires of speech, without
Justification, which he has since practically
admitted to me. ,
Ai to Scheller's feart about the safety of
the Grant In her present condition should she
encounter heavy weather I have only to say
that the transport Sherrran, a duplicate of the
Orant in every particular, lately encountered
a typhoon in the Western Pacific and shipped
a heavy pea. escaping with some damare to
her boat* and the joiner work of the houses on
her promenade deck.
Had Captain Seheller covered with canvas
the lraky butts "f the ppar dock of the Grant,
p.* of don* en the Sherman, which could have
been done by his carpenters in a single day.
he would have performed a simple duty that
would have aiided to the comforts of his pas
rencere.
Taklnr nil things Into consideration I con
sider the Grant Is now to all Intents and pur
pows In a seaworthy condition. Refr>ectfully.
JOHN' BERMINGHAM.
Pur*rvIrlE«r Inspector, First District.
The Grar.t was officially Inspected on
May 10 of last year by Captain J. K. Bul
per of the lx>cal Inspectors of Steam Ves
sels and Thomas P. Deerlng. Assistant In
spector of Hull.". They found her in jjood
condition and gave her the usual certi
ficate, pood for one year.
If a Good Sea Should Ever
Strike Htr She Would
Go Down.
Supervising: Inspector Benninghaxn
ZIak«« Investigation and Declares
Her Safe Enough, N^twith
s tan diner a Few Leaks.
SCHELLER AVERS
THAT GRANT IS
UNSAFE VESSEL
WILLIAM TREWELLA IS SHOT DOWN
BY ROBERT E. GLAZE, HIS PARTNER,
IN KITCHEN OF THE WINDSOR HOTEL
SAYS CHINATOWN
IS THE SOURCE
OF MUCH EVIL
Rabbi "v'oorsanger AdvccatiS
Ita Removal From the
Limits of City.
Municipal League Appoints Commit
tee to Ask Police Commissioners
to Concentrate Celestials
in One District.
The subject of the "social evil waa
taken up again last night for discussion
by the Municipal League. The Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger, who has made a careful
study of the matter, gave it as his opin
ion that Chinatown Is the great moral
cancer of tne city.
"If it was possible to remove China
town," said he. "San Francisco would be
the most moral city on earth. With this
plague spot removed we would have but
little to complain of from the standpoint
cf morality. True, there would be other
evils to contend with, but they could be
regulated. The luxury of our modern
times has too strongly operated on u e
imaginations of our poor. Hunger Is the
grcau!3t ar.aichlst in the world. When
hunger Ftall:s abroad those who do not
wish to die sell themselves for bread.
"We must treat this evil with great ptty
for the victims of the social conditions
we have created. Treat it as we may, I
will never agiee to licensing that which
}s evil. I am opposed, bitterly opposed
to licensing any evil, for no government
hus the right tc make money out of that
which morality forbids. I am opposed 10
licensing objectionable houses the same as
I am opposed to high license as a rem
edy for the liquor traffic. It is wrong
to sell liquor, the Government has no
right to license the business at all. To
licence any of our social evils, is Just aa
bad as if we were to take hush money.
If a thing is wrong, let us condemn it,
but never make it a source of revenue for
the soveriiiutui. 1 am not in favor or
drastic iiicasuits. however. 1 will never
consent to making object lessons of «ie
unfor^jn ii'i women in our midst, unt 1
the gambling houses on Ktarny street,
the pawnshops on Market street ana tae
gilded palaces and underground dives are
removed. The great is that our
business men like theories, and become
frightened almost to death when you
present them with facts. As the first step
toward removing the social evil, 1 favor
the condemning of Chinatown and Its re
moval to a site selected near Lake Mer«
ced. I am more afraid of Chinatown than
of our fallen women, drunkards and gam
blers. We can deal with the latter ,
classes, but it seems from present out
looks to be impossible to deal with China
town. Let us first remove Chinatown and
then we can easily deal with the rest."*
Irving Davis, who followed, spoke at
length on the evils that existed, both be
fore and after the Parkhurst crusade in
New York City.
Isidor Jacobs favored the concentration
of the evil in ono section of the city.
Rev. Dr. Scott agreed with Dr. Voor
sanger in many of his views, but did not i
think that the removal of Chinatown |
would noticeably purify the moral air of
the city.
"I do not think it practical to remove
Chinatown," said Colonel J. C. Currier,
"for so many influential people are de
riving revenue from It that any such
project must meet with strong opposition.
I believe that the classes complained of
should be put in one section of the city
and quarantined."
"The evil can bo minimized," said
Supervisor Braunhart, "but to what ex
tent depends upon the honesty of the of
flcialb. In the past the unfortunate crea
tures have been subject to blackmail.
They have- been blackmailed by officials
elected to execute the laws. I do not
think it right to license the evils of the
ojty and that is what it practically
amount3 to If arrests are to be periodical
ly made, with the understanding that tho
offenders are to pay light fines*. If our of
ficials not accept bribes and levy black
mail, but instead carry out the lawsnow
exacted, we will soon remedy the social
At the conclusion of the discussion the
league appointed Messrs. Jacobs. Rea.
Schlesslnger. Greensfelder and Henderson
to appear before the Police Commission
ers and endeavor to bring about arrange
ments to concentrate the evil in a section
of the city set aside for that purpose.
Messrs. Schnee, Selfridge, Well, Salfield.
Davis, Greensfelder and Rea were ap
pointed a committee to appear before the
Supervisors to-morrow afternoon and
lend their moral support to .the proposed
ordinance fixing the railroad fare' for
school children at two and a half cents.
Before adjournment the league on
motion of Isidor Jacobs adopted the fol
lowing, resolution.
Whereas. There is pending before the Legis
lature bills to provide the necessary revenuw
for the proper maintenance of our State Unt- |
verslty. in accordance with its rapidly growing I
requirements; be it j
Resolved by the Municipal League of San j
Francisco, That we heartily Indorse the said I
measures and ask their passage by the State
Legislature, bo that the University of Califor
nia may not be retarded or hindered In carry-
Ing on its work so necessary to the cause of
education in bur State.
THE SAM JbllAKOlSUO CALL, TUESDAY,- JAIN'U Ait Y. ' io % _\^u
12
Don't drink the first thin? the bartender
offers. Call for Jesae Moore "AA" whiskey
and Insist on retting it.
The Vesuvius i* drilling for oil: Dr. J. S.
Potts pilots the drill; buy the stock; 40 cents.
4"1 Parrot,t bull<31n*r. •
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ;
RETIRING
FROM
BUSINESS
ON ACCOUNT OF ILL-HEALTH.
The old pioneer shoe mer-
chant, Richard Pahl, 324 Kearny,
will offer his entire shoe stock to
the public for less than wholesale
costs. Give us a call and see the
great bargains you can secure. I
always kept high-grade goods.
Do not miss your chance to get
your shoes for half price. All of
W. L. Douglas' shoes are re-
duced 15 per cent. Call early and
avoid the rush.
R. PAHL,
324 KEARNY ST.
_____
Preparatory to Vacating Store.
BY ORDER OF «. B. MIHRAK,
I Will Sell at Peremptory
AUCTION
The Large and Most Beautiful Stack of
ORIENTAL j4 I I |e|\
Art Goods and Antique Furniture,
NOW IN HIS STORE.
SW. Cor. Geary and Stockton.
SALB COMMENCES
THURSDAY, JANUARY 17,
At 11 a. m. and 2 p. m., and dally until Jan. 28.
The stock Is superfine and not brought from
the East for an Auction Sale, but collected by
Mr - Mihran personally, who haa been Jn tb«
business In this city for 12 years. Rather thaa
warehouse the goods, he has put them In my
hands for absolute 6al«.
A. W. LOCDERBACK. Auctioneer.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
I -Oran-SolTenfdlssolTes Stricture like snow be.
neath tho iso, reduces Enlarged Prostate an*
strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains an<l
Emissions In Fifteen Days.
No droics to ruin the stomach, but » direct local
(S d positive application to the entire urethra) tract
Gran-~olvent Is noi a liquid. It la prepared ia
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and BexiOl*
tad so narrow a« to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James" Assn.. Box 834. Cincinnati. O.. ha*
prepared at irreiit expense an exhaust- _•*«-> «
Fre Illustnuert Treatise upon tne male LULL
tystam. which th*» will »*ad M any | fir r •
*i»le applicant. ¦ »¦*•*•¦
t. l.;|t.< tCCV 2SO ELM ST.,
M. JA.llti A33N., Cincinnati, Ohio.
CAN DY CATHARTIC *"
Genuine stamped C. C. C. Never sold !n bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as £ood.
JV1O1- OR- JORDAN'S 3REA7ft
iBOSEOS OF ANATOMY?
T A Tfce Largest Anatomical Museum Jn tl>e T
m ii^^*^ Vfjmi*. Wehfrneucn or any contract?* 40
i M£*mV *>**•• 'i>«^««»*'«7 cured by ia«oldeaV
9 BSi%J,\ hpeoLliM ca ilw Coast. Bsbj6yau«. ©
£ flS^ff DR-J08DA8-ronrATE DISEASES «
\ ?S^S Co.iMi!:»rtoa free and strictly prtt»».
M I iiM/ !J Tm itment personally «<r by letter. A i
\B W Tl 8 "'¦"" CW" "S'ycaieundiftiken. '
OF A ll* W ( i ia rorBook.a>ail.Oa]UPKV«f l i
¥ • 3 II 1 * a9A.«r.i.%e«. mailho fuss, j a '
A A y, ' ««lu«blo book fc* mra>
7 DK JORDAN A €•>.. 1G51 Market SC.SL. F. I '
DR.MQNDLTY.
rVHIS VrVLL-KyOWX AND RRLIABLE OLD
L Specialist cure* Blood Poison, (Jonorrhosa,Qi»et,
Stricture, t<4>mliial Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
alllert Disorders. Boole on Dincases of Men, free.
OrerMyears'experence.TeTnas reasonable. Hour*
9to3dally:6:Xtol30ev'Ks. Sund.ira.ioto 12. Consul-
tation free&nd sacredly confidential, can of address
r. RO8COE XeNCLTT, 31. D.
g6*i Kearny St.. Man Franeliu;o,Csl
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hallai
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRO*.
J C. Vk II 9fi V ,*• C(\ 'O* Battery Street.
J-\f TMlOUiT Ct WU-. Telephone Main 135*.
COPPERSMITH.
CW CUITH Snip riumblr.tr. Steamboat and
"* O.'lllll, g nlp wtrk a specialty. IS and
18 Washington et. Telephone Main SS41.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAQ RftYEC * m £hlppln< Butchers. 104
JA3- DUlCQgLU- Clay. Tel. Main 1ZM.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
418 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Mala 1719.
PRINTINd.
E- C» HUGHES* 511 Sansome St.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THfe HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First »t-. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c%e p .l" 0 PARTRIDGE «" SSg 81 *
WHITE ASIi STEAM COAL.
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Us O.REEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, la the Best Co*I tn tlu
market. Offlca and Tards— 450 Main itreot.