HON. PHILANDER C. KXOX. A MEMBER OF THE LAW FIRM OF KNOX
& REED. PITTSBURG. PA.. WHO IS PROMINENTLY MENTIONED
FOR THE POSITION OF UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL.
BUDAPEST. Feb. 13.— There was serious
street fighting here to-day between men
out of work and the police. About 1200
of . the former attacked the labor bureau,
smashed the windows and attacked the
police, who" attempted to disperse them.
The police charged them with drawn
swords and arrested thirty persons. The
rioters attempted to rescue them and were
only scattered by the- arrival of a force
of cavalry.
SERIOUS STREET .FIGHT
>r IN CITY CF BUDAPEST
STOCKTON. Feb. 13.— Rev. C. E. Smith
of the Grace Methodist Episcopal Church
of this city created quite a sensation last
evening at a reception given to Mrs.
Sturtevant-Peet, , the' noted temperance
Worker. During the evening. In replying
to a toast, he drew a small hatchet from
his pocket, tied with a white ribbon, and
offered to lead a Mrs. Nation crusade
against the saloons of Stockton. His
sentiment was vigorously applauded, but
it Is not believed that any such f;tep3
will • be : taken. , as the saloons here are
licensed.
War on Stockton's Saloons.
WOULD LEAD A . CRUSADE.
Rev. CM. Smith Ready to Wage
but if It. comes I shall make. the report."
.The applause that followed the words
of the commander In chief showed plainly
that his audience.. was in sympathy with
the attack upon tha disloyal members of
the Grand Army. - •
Vlf a comrade is false to his obligation
we had better know it now when we are.
strong ,than when we are too. weak to.
have - any - influence. My responsibility
will cease "when I. make 1 my report to the
encampment' at Cleveland. There may be
time before March' lor, a change at Wash
ington.'-I hope' that the occasion for mak
ing an unfavorable report will not come,
"I know-that words mean little unless
accompanied by action. The finest speech
amounts to nothing unless accompanied
by. acts. At Washington,. I am; sorry to
say,. we have not' had the success I hoped
for. At Chicago Ia3t year matters looked
bright, but they don't look so now at
Washington and the White House. Your
committees have 'worked like Trojans.
The trouble is with Congressmen, arid
chief among them are some who wear; the
little bronze button./ They" think they
know better than you 1 what you want.
The time may come when the head • of
this organization may be" called upon "to
report on- their actions and he will not
be slow to so report, though ;. it may .re
flect upon the comrade who stands in the
highest place in the. land.
BOSTON, Feb. 13.- In his address.before
the Massachusetts' Grand Army of the
Republic on the occasion of its annual
meeting In Faneuil Hall to-day Colonel
Leo Rassieur, the \ commander In chief of
the national body, criticized President
McKinley directly and charged Congress
men who are members of the Grand Army
with being disloyal to the organization Jn
the matter of legislation. The commander
in chief said in the course of his address:
Special [ Dispatch ' to The Call.
Commander of .the G. A. R. Criticizes, President
McKinley- arid Congressmen.
RASSIEUR SCORES OFFICIALS
FOR NOT AIDING THE VETERANS
BOMBAY, Feb. 13.— The, spread of ; the
plague is, Increasing.' There were, over
200<r. deaths" in' the city,/ during the past
week, of • which 923 are • known \ to .. have
been'diieto the plague. The Government
is devoting its attention to succoring the
sick. rather than-to;preventlng the spread
of the' disease.. •.'_.. .. . .;.:^.r
LIMA, Peru, Feb., 13, via Galveston.— A
dispatch from Pa Paz, dated February 11.
5 p. m.,~ says that the overflow of the
river has caused the inundation of the city
and the destruction of bridges. The elec
tric lighting system has been disabled and
the city \ has been . In darkness for two
nights. /.Many lives have been lost and
the damage will aggregate a million dol
lars (Bolivian). . • '
PLAGUE SPBEADING
RAPIDLY IN BOMBAY
the River and Property
Destroyed.) •
Many Lives Lost by the Overflow of
GREAT DAMAGE IN .
LA PAZ DUE TO FLOODS
• PARIS, Feb. 13.— To-day was fixed for
the opening of the strike of the seam
stresses in support of the tailors. Only a
thousand girls, however, left the works.
Band3 of tailors "and seamstresses par
aded the Rue de la Paix all day long.
There was.no disorder until bands of stu
dents began to arrive as evening ad
vanced. These lustily cheered the girls
and the police then cordoned the streets.
Who Parade Along the Rue
de la Paix.
Parisian Students Cheer the Girls,
SEAMSTRESSES STRIKE TO
SUPPORT THE TAILORS
The train was working up the slope
grade leading to the mines at Walker
ville. The wheels began to slip and the
brakes refused to hold. The train went
down hill about a mile when the engine,
which had been pushing the train up the
hill, left the track and turned over. En
gineer Harden was mixed up in the wreck.
The brakemen had stuck to their posts,
but in making a sharp curve Fidler was
hurled from the train and instantly killed.
Cahlll then Jumped and escaped with some
bruises.
The Injured: John Harden, engineer,
may die; John Cahlll, brakeman, bruised,
not serious.
WILLIAM FIDLER, brakeman.
BUTTE. Mont.. Feb. 13.— One of the
Northern Pacific freight trains while haul
ing supplies to the Alice mine on the hill
got beyond control of the brakes this noon
and ran away. As a result one man Is
dead and another is likely to die, while
still another was hurt, but not seriously.
The dead: v > "'> ¦;;; :.''
and the Engine Finally Leaves
the Track.
On the Grade the Brakes Fail to Hold
BBAEEMAN KILLED ON
RUNAWAY FREIGHT TRAIN
Officers, It is said, are on' the way to
arrest him should the court grant bail,
but an effort will be made to have the
court refuse to admit him to bail. ~as there
is a strong desire to keep him from going
to Savannah.
LEAVENWORTH. Kans.. Feb. 13.—De
velopments in the Oberlln M. Carter case
late this afternoon point to a national
scandal which his attorneys claim will
equal the noted Dreyfus case of France.
John H. Atwood, Carter's local attorney,
received word that should Carter be ad
mitted to ball by the Federal court Fri
day he will be Immediately arrested, so
as to prevent his going. to Savannah, Ga.,
where he would demand ' a civil ! trial,
which, he asserts, would prove. his com
plete innocence of the charges for which
he was convicted. . . , ' , •
Carter's application to be admitted to
bail will be argued before Judge Hook of
the 'United States court Friday morning.
He has filed an affidavit setting forth that
each day that he is- kept In confinement
lessons his chances of proving his inno
cence, as' several' of his witnesses have
'died'slrice lie has been in prison. He also
states that the confinement has impaired
his health and in the event of -his acquit
tal he "would be entitled, to Indemnity
from the Government for unlawful con
finement. ¦
•The Intention of the officers !s to effect
Carter's arrest and take him to New York,
where other contractors are implicated for
alleged defrauding of the Government,
and hold htm there until tho Supreme
Court passes upon his application for ha
beas corpus. -
CARTER'S ATTORNEYS CLAIM
HIS CASE IS LIKE DREYFUS'
.. ¦ ¦ - ¦ ?— . -
Thev Threaten a National Scandal if the Con
vieted Captain Is Not Released.
The World -to-morrow will say: Andrew
M. Moreland, a minority stockholder in
the Carnegie Steel Company, in an inter
view regarding the Carnegie-Morgan steel
deal, was asked:
"Are you here to fight the transfer?"
• "I don't know. -So far, there is no ad
versary, and I cannot tell what 'I shall
do until I learn what has been done,"
was the reply.
Owners Believe the Vessel and the Thirty Souls
Aboard Have Been Lost.
PITTSBURG. Feb. 13.— The new fea
tures to-day In the Carnegie-Mor
gan negotiations, according to- the
Pittsburg leaders, are that the
deal will be closed Friday; that
Charles M. Schwab will be the head of the
new company to be formed, and that An
drew Carnegie Is to receive a sum" larger
than has been given In any of the many
estimates sent ".out* from- JCewYbrk.~*The
Intelligence was brought to Pittsburg by
a well-known banker,' who has been In
New York for reveral days, and late this
afternoon the statement that Mr. Schwab
had been chosen president was confirmed
In a telegram from a gentleman partici
pating in the conference at New York.
The banker further said:
"From sources which are in possession
of first information I learned that an ef
fort will be made to round up tho nego
tiations, sign all the papers and close the
deal on Friday afternoon. If that can
be d6ne, details will be attended to on
Saturday. On Saturday President Schwab
will return to Pittsburg and next week.
J. P. Morgan will start on. a vacation to
the Mediterranean countries of Europe.
The matter then will be allowed to rest
for several weeks." _/
IMPORTANT CONFERENCES,
Companies That Will Enter the Mor
gan Combination.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.— Several import
ant conferences on the Carnegie-Morgan
STEAMSHIP LUCERNE MEETS
WITH DISASTER ON THE DEEP
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Feb. 13.— It Is almost
certain that the steamship 'Lucerne was
the victim of the disaster near Balrileu.
A message from the agent to the owners
of the ship says:
"Identified wreckage, the- same as Lu
cerne's fittings, found at Lead Cove."
The owners and mariners conversant
with the facts agree that the ship has
gone. Her loss Involves thirty lives, twen
ty-three of her own crew and seven oth
ers, shipwrecked seamen and passengers.
The supposition is - that she either burst
ner boilers and went to pieces, or struck
the cliffs and foundered. *As all the Lu
cerne's crew, resided here, the disaster has
appalled the whole community.-
WANTONLY SLAYS A WOHAN
HE IS ATTEMPTING TO EJECT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
..•-•¦ ¦
Constable Is Hurried to Arizona's Penitentiary to
Escape Lynching Near Yuma.
his absence Alexander and Miller, accom
panied by William Fain, called' at the
Burns ranch to compel the occupants to
vacate. When the men arrived Mrs. Burns
was some distance from the house. She
had evidently anticipated trouble, as she
had a Winchester rifle In her hands.
Alexander told the other men to remain
where they were and' he would go over
and settle the difficulty with Mrs. Turns.
He rode up to within a few feet of her
and alighted from his horse. A quarrol
ensued. Alexander,' becoming enraged,
took a double-barreled shotgun from: a
scabbard on his saddles and deliberately
fired both barrels at Mrs. Burns,* the
shot taking effect in the abdomen. Th3
constable and his companions then rodo
away
A messenger was sent to Yuma to In
form Burns of the tragedy. Burns lef;
immediately for the scene, Alexander
later went, to Yuma and gave himself up
to the authorities, and Miller and Fain
were placed under arrest.' Mrs. Burns waj
about 30 years of age.
SAX DIEGO. Feb. 13.— A mining pros
pector, who has Just come across the des
ert from Yuma, brings the news of a trag
edy in the Colorado Vallev, near Somer
ton. in which Constable H. H. "Alexander
shot and killed Mrs. J. J. Burns while en
deavoring to eject her from a tract of
land. The "affair caused much bl'ter
feeling and for a tim* it seemed likely
that lynching would follow. At his own
request Alexander was taken to the Ter
ritorial prison, where ' he* Is safe from
harm.
For some time past J. J. Burns and A.
B. Miller have been quarreling over the
possession of a certain tract on which
Burns resided, but which Miller claimed
by purchase from a former claimant. Mil
ler had engaged the service of Constable
Alexander in ejecting the Burns family
from the premises. An attempt was made
last Wednesday to force ¦ Mr. and Mrs.
Burns to vacate, but they ref»sed*to do
so. . ;
Early Friday morning Burns went to
Tuma to consult his attorney, and during
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.
— President McKinley has in
formed the Cabinet unofficially
that he has heard from Embassador
Choate, and that Mr. Choate Is not dis
"i»o**d:to' accept the s Attorney Generalship/
The made the tender of the
place to Mr.' Choate several weeks ago.
desiring to get the strongest available
man to succeed Mr. Griggs. Mr. Choatc
wishes to continue ns an Embassador to
the court of St. James if that is satisfac
tory to the President, and no change at
that post Is expected.
Hon. Philander C. Knox, a well-known
attorney of Pittsburg. Pa., la i jnother.xnan
prominently' mentioned "as a 'candidate for
the portfolio coon to be surrendered by
Mr. Griggs.
RESCUES HIS
CHILD FROM
KIDNAPERS
and Feathers.
George H. Springer's
Long Quest Ends
in Success,
Scotia Woodsmen Threaten
ADductor With Tar
Fp^clal Difpatch to The Call.
ETTREKA, FVb. 13.— George H. Springrr.
a San Francisco merchant, who has been
vainly searching this coast since la$t Max-
Tor his Infant son. who was kidnaped
by A. M. Coleman. In whose charge the
child vrzs placed, arrived here to-day.
His Quest had at last brought success, for
h« had discovered his boy at Scotia, a log
ging town, thirty miles south of here. H<*
brought the child with him and will leave
for his home In San Francisco to-morrow.
When the people of Scotia heard tho
father's story of how he had followed
Coleman and his wife from San Francisco
to Oregon and back again, and when he
h&d shown Fympathlzlng women the body
cf his lltt'e one. bruised and covered with
nres from beatingrs administered by Cole
man. the citizens determined to rid their
community of Coleman. Mlllmen hastily
gathered -with the Intention of administer
ing a coat of tar and feathers. When
they reached the tent in which Coleman
•was living, they found that he had
*>sraj*>d, taking his wife with him. If
Coleman can be located it Is likely the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children will take the case in hand.
Coleman obtained possession of the
child in San Francisco by answering an
advertisement to the effect that the child
would be given away to any respectable
family that wouIJ rear and take proper
care of it. At that time the father was
In reduced circumstances, caused by the
long Illness of his wife, which terminated
In her death on the birth of the babe
¦wh<-se existence has been so eventful.
The Colcmar.s were given possession of
the little cne on probation. Springer
wishing- to aee-ure himself that hfc» rnrrn
'K-ou'd be properly treated before allowing
them to adopt him.
It was net long before Springer dis
covered that the boy was not as tenderly
cared for as he had been led to believe.
Fprfr.ger informed the Colemans that the
baby would be taken from them as soon
£s another home could be obtained. In
the meantime the child was to be placed
In an orphan asylum.
When the father again visited the home
rf the Colemans on May 13 he found it de-
Ferted. A ?quad of detectives was de
tailed on the case and a thorough search
made. No trace of the fugitives coulfi be
discovered. By chance, some months
later, Springer heard that the Colemans
¦were In Cook County, Or. He Immediately
pet out In pursuit, but on his arrival
found that they had been informed of his
coming and departed. Several times
later he learned of their whereabouts, bu;
each time arrived too late.
It was by the merest chance that Cole
man was located at Scotia. He was
¦working under the name cf Adams. A
paper containing the notice of the death
of Coleman's mother in Cook County. Or..
rarae into the hands of Dr. Miller, a phy
sician at Scotia. Among the children of
Mrs. Coleman, A. M. Colrman was men
tioned. The doctor began a little de
t^ctlvo. work and became ratified Adams
¦was no other than A. M. Coleman, whom
detectives were looking for as the kid
naper of Springer's child. He at once
notified the Sheriff's office. Under Sherirt
Ferri'l notified the authorities. In San
Francisco, who communicated the facts to
Ppringer. He lost no time In coming to
Jluroboldt.
When the father reached Scotia he
found Colerr.an living in a tent Within
the tent was a square box which served
the child equally for playhouse and bed.
. This he shared at night with two large
dogs. The little boy was clad in a thin
calico dress, which could not keep out the
cold. His shrunken body was covered
•with bruises and running sores. The babe
had not been bathed in weeks, j
As soon as the story was heard on the
streets of Scotia milliards and woods
men formed a party to tar and feather
<"oleman and ride him out of town. Col«v
man learned what was on foot and with
his wife made a hasty flight. He was
pursued and when overtaken stood at bay
and threatened to shoot any one who
came near him. As no one In the, crowd
was armed, they had to abandon the pun
ishment planned. Coleman was last seen.
at Alton, six miles from Scotia. He was
in a hotel when Springer and his baby
Fon arrived from Scotia on their way to
Eureka, but wisely kept out of Elznt.
George H. Springer conducts a clothing
ctore at 796 Folsom street in this city. He
vras at one time considered well to do. but
lest his business through the continued
Illness of his wife. When she died he was
left with three children, one a tiny babe.
Finding that it xras impossible for him
to provide for the proper care of the little
cne. he decided to find some family that
vould adopt it. A. M. Coleman. who took
the baby, was at one time a milkman liv
ing at ISO Earl street. ¦-;_
Springer is a member of the famous
Springer famHy which is making a fight
io establish title to fifty acres of land in
the heart of Wilmington. Del. The land
is valued at fI4.000.OW. the claim
be established, the babe that has just been
rescued from alleged kidnapers would be
come bcJr to a fortune of upward of 51.
0G0.000.
During her stay Mrs. Nation made In
effectual attempts to Interview the city
officials. She also made unsuccessful at
tempts to interview prisoner*.
She departed with the a?sertion that the
rum power In this city and other large
places In the United States was tottering
to its fall.
"Now I am goins back home for a few
weeks." she declared as she closed, "and.
as I have got through out th«re and will
not be long, I will be back here again,
and if the authorities have done nothing
and are willing to do nothing we will see
what is best to be d«ne. and II it la neces
sary we will go to smashing things. We
will make some souvenirs. I tell you."
The saloon-keeper replied that he was
making an honest living. This called
down a torrent of wrathful, words, and
after Informing him that* he was a "mur
derer," "devil's scullion." etc., Mrs. Na
tion departed.
To-night her meeting at "Wlllard Hall
was attended by about 300 people, nearly
all of them temperance people, who ap
plauded everything she .said. Her talk
was not long, and In closing sha declared
that she did' not want any hatchets used,
and that she believed In peaceable means
of closing saloons as far as possible.
"How do you think that he would like
to see you In this bus'nes3?" she de
manded.
Previous to calllnc at this saloon sha
had made a step In a place at 56 Stat«
street, owned by E. D. Dreyfus. The pro
prietor remarked that he was a relative
of Captain Dreyfus of the French army.
"You'd better ask vour grandson." wai
the retort." "He knows as much about tha
giving of it as I do."
To this Mrs. Nation made no reply and
hastened to her carrlase.
Her meeting wUh the saloon-keeper*,
which she had announced dlJ not mate
rialize, and in default of having them for
an audience she went ence more to tho
saloon in State street lhat sh« had visited
last night and in which, her grandson Is
manager. She delivered a talk to the peo
ple she found there, a motley throng, em
bracing all classes. Mrs. Nation mounted
a table and for fifteen minutes talked
with great energy, urging her hearers to
abandon both the use and sale of Hauor
and denouncing in the most unmeasured
terms all those who permitted "ts sale. As
she left the place she accosted a woman
who possessed a rich black eye.
"My. my, what a otty! "Who gave that
to you?"
CHICAGO. Feb. 13.— Mr?. Carrie Nation
left Chicago for Topgka to-night. She is
under bonds to appear 'n the Kansas capi
tal to-morrow for trial in connection with
the destruction of property In that city.
Before leaving she announced that as
soon as she had "cleaned up thinss" at
homo she would come back here, and !f
things were not properly taken care of by
the authorities she and her friends would
take matters in their own hands, and. to
use her own expression, "we will make
souvenirs." .
Anything in Chicago.
Mrs. Nation Did Not Accomplish
RETURNS TO TOPEKA.
This morning's attack was decided upon
at a secret meeting held In* the Baptist
church last night. The crusaders met at
the church by prearrangement this morn
ing and marched directly to the Schmidts*
place, beginning the assault without the
least warning.
The greatest excitement followed the
raid, and for a time serious trouble
seemed likely, and the Mayor called a
special meeting of the Council to plan
means of quelling the disturbance and
providing against further outbreaks. To
night he decided that all Joints must close
at once. A mass tne«tlrig was held to
night and an attack on other Joints Is
expected before morning. The Jolntlst*
are defiant and bloodshed Is feared.
The Schmidts ran- to the front door and
attempted to defend their property. Rev.
Charles Lowther prevented Charles
Schmidt from entering the place by strik
ing him with an ax. The blow was a
glancing one and made * only a scalp
wound. As he fell to the ground, Henry
Schmidt made a gun play in defense of
his brother that nearly ccst him his life.
One of the crusaders, following up the
preacher's attack, had raised an ax to
strike Henry Schmidt, when a companion
wrested the weapon from his hand.
WIXFIELD. Kans.. Feb. 13.— A mob of
20O men and ¦women raided Schmidt's sa
loon; the finest In the city, at an early
hour to-day. Some of them fired a half
dozen shots -with shotguns through the
front door, that started . a general on
slaught with rocks and guns on the win
dows and doors. Emma Denny received
a pistol ball In her face and was slightly
hurt. Although this, -was an accident tt
served to enrage the mob and the cru
saders swarmed Into the saloon. There
they found Charles and Henry Schmidt.
After driving them from the bulletins
through the rear door, the mob created
havoc right and left. Cigar cases, mir
rors and pictures »were smashed, and
those that could not be reached with axes
were »hot full of holes. The mahogany
bar was hacked to splinters, bottles were
broken and barrel ends knocked In. This
was the work of but a few minutes.
Disciples of Mrs. Nation,
Led by a Minister, Make
a Raid at Winlielfl.
Saloon Wrecking in
Kansas Causes
Bloodshed.
AX AND CUN
ARE USED IN
THE CRUSADE
SCHWAB WILL GUIDE
DESTINY OF THE NEW
STEEL COMBINATION
Largest Deal of the Century Will Be Closed
To-Morrow by Andrew Carnegie and
J. Pierpont florgan.
CHOATE WILL REMAIN
AS EMBASSADOR TO THE
COURT OF ST. JAMES
Prefers the British Mission to the Portfolio
Soon to Be Surrendered by Attorney
' General Griggs.
The authorities ha%'e warned the news
papers to abstain from the publication of
news or comments calculated to fan the
present agitation.
officer, whose arrest resulted in a protest
by : his brother officers, the matter being
referred to the captain general.
Considerable disorder marked the pas
sage of the procession, but the troop3 sta
tioned at strategic points prevented any
formidable outbreak, until the end of the
city was reached. At that point the dem
onstrators, who Included many students,
raised the cry of "Long live liberty!". and,
having broken up into small parties, pro
ceeded to various parts of. Madrid to re
new the demonstration. One band of stu
dents stoned a, convent.
In the evening fresh. riots took place at
several points. The gendarmes charged
with drawn swords and_ a_jiumber were
jWfiunde^^oribrii^d^-Viw.^^onit^Jor*
replied to the charges of the gendarmes
with showers of stones.
Altogether some • thirty arrests were
mado*during the day. including a military
As was anticipated, the funeral of Don
Ramon de'Campoamor was attended with
serious disturbances. The weather was
beautiful and enormous crowds gathered
along the route. . " ;
The scattering crowds sought the shops
and hotels. All the front 'doors of the
Hotel de Paris were smashed In, a great
crowd assembling" there. The. police and
guards charged into the streets, but the
dispersed throngs quickly reassembled.
"With nightfall every approach to the
Puerta del Sol was jammed -with the idle
populace. Insulting remarks' were hurled
at the police and the civil guard.; A trum
peter sounded a charge, which 'was made
with' drawn swords. Heads were not
spared. Many persons were . Injured and
there were numerous arrests. ;
MADRID. Feb. 13.-Music on the public
squares and a general holiday had been
arranged as to-day's programme of the
Asturias-Bourbon marriage festivities, but
all this has been abandoned on account of
the attitude of the populace. -^
MADRID, Feb. 14.— A* state of
siege has been proclaimed here. ,
Royal Wedding Festivities
ADandoned Because of
¦ People's Ugly Mood.
Police and Troops
Charge lobs With
Drawn Swords.
NEW RIOTS
BREAK OUT
IN MADRID
VOLUME LXXXIX-tfO. 76.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, -.1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CHARLES M. SCHWAB. WHO IS REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN CHOSEN
PRESIDENT OF THE NEW STEEL. COMBINE ENGINEERED BY
CARNEGIE AND MORGAN.
! steel deal -were held In this city to-day.
1 No official announcements were made, but
there was the usual stock of rumors. One
of these was to the effect that, President
Schwab would certainly be made the head
of the new steel combination.
Perhaps- the most authoritative state
ment given out was made by Judge D.
Reid, factor 'in^the^ Bo-c&lleo\
"Moore* sreci w tompanios."'"orKanlzed and
promoted by Judge Moore, formerly - of
Chicago. Judge Reid is the president of
the American Tlnplate Company and a
prominent man In the four allied compa
nies—the American . Tlnplate. the Ameri
can Steel Hoop, the American Sheet and
the National Steel companies. Represen
tatives, of, this group of companies met In
1 Judge Reid's office this afternoon to dis
cuss the offer which is said to have been
made for their stock by the representa
tives of the Morgan syndicate. At the
conclusion of the conferenco Judge, Reid
practically intimated that these corpora
tions would probably become part of the
great Morgan steel combination.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Memorial to Frances Willard
The ladles of Central Union, 1 W. C T
U., met yesterday afternoon at Stat^
headquarters on McAllister street in a
memorial service in honor of the lat*
Frances Wlllard. Music was rendered and
a' poem read by Mrs. Wheat HlS triS
tite.was paid to the memor/of the Kriat
temperance leader in personal remSu
cences by President McCoy and Mrs? Me"
Pn r^- en ',P e pl . an °J Pacing Mis 8 Will
lard s . picture In = ¦ Sunday and public
schoolg was discussed and a strong effort
will be made to carry out this project!
-jln a stipulation filed yesterday the heirs
at law of tha late Colonel George "W.
GrannisB agree that the •= family skeleton
shall not stalk forth through the medium
of the Probate Court to satisfy the public
curiosity. Colonel Grannlss' will was filed
for probate January 30. By its terms his
widow, Elizabeth, I. Grannlss .was to re
ceive $20,000 - and • the residue ; of his 1 rich
estate 1 was to go ? to his daughter by a
former marriage, Harriet Grannlsg Cen
ter. ..-","- •-¦ ,-. : ; - • - • .
Two days later Mrs. Grannlss Instituted
acontest to the .will,, alleging that her
stepdaughter, had ¦ exercised undue influ
ence over. deceased and* had thereby se
cured the execution of his, testament In
Decedent's Widow , Agrees
to Dismiss Will
Contest.
HIDES GRANNISS
FAMILY SKELET0N
her favor. In addition to this allegation
Mrs. G^annlss claimed a largo portion
of the estate as community property.
In the stipulation filed yesterday it Is
agreed that the contest be dismissed. It
is further agreed that In addition to the
$20,000 bequeathed her by her deceased hus
band, Mrs. Grannlss is to be paid forth
with, on account of family allowance the
sum _ of $1000 and. hereafter such regular
sum for family allowance as the ' court
may see fit and proper. <
At this point the stipulation becomes in
teresting. Harriet Center binds herself
to keep ' secret any documents or com
munication that may be In her possession
written by her father which throw any
light on the relations existing between
Colonel and Mrs. Grannlss durtnir the lsjit
few years of hJs life. Mrs. G ran niss agrees
to remain equally uncommunicative and
hence the seal of the law Is placed on
the Grannlas' closet, never to be opened?
Lookabill received many scratches and
bruises during the course of th» lively
battle, while the cook; whose skull came
in contact with -the butt of the guard's
gun. was taken to the hospital, where he
will remain for several weeks.
the sentry. Interfered and tried to pacify
the men. Forgetting their own quarrel,
the cooks turned on the guard,. and for a
few moments the latter was compelled to
move around pretty lively to escape the
knife thrusts made at him by the drunken
men. He attempted, to fix the bayonet on
his gun, but the sharp instrument was
knocked out of his hands, and an attempt
to slip a cartridge into the rifle met with
like success. All this time he was com
pelled to Jump from one side of the .room
to the other, as the men were endeavor
ing to bury their long butcher knives In
him. He finally secured space enough to
swing the gun over his head and brought
the butt end with terrific force against
the skull of the larger of his assailants.
That settled the conflict, for the other bel
ligerent quit at the sight of his drunken
companion lying on the floor with blood
streaming from his head.
The plucky soldier then disarmed the
remaining cook and turned him over to
the guard., the members of which, at
tracted bv the noise of the 1 battle, came
running to the cookhouse.
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers, believing that Tax Collector Scott
has deluded 'It, is In;.: -"an, angry
mood and is preparing.to strike back. ; On
Monday afternoon Scott, after a confer
ence with the commission, "agreed to-ac
cept ~ fourteen deputies from the eligible
list, who were' to begin their duties yes
terday morning, r. Three of these are In
cumbents in the office and the other eleven
presented themselves to Chief Deputy Tax
Collector Levy; yesterday .with' a ¦ request
to be as-signed to\ work. / Levy informed
them that Scotf had gone to Tahiti,' and
during his ; absence he ¦ would decline to
Believes That Tax Collector
Scott Is Guilty of Sharp
Practice.
CIVIL SERVICE
BOARD IS ANGRY
After a short discussion between Chair
man Knowland and his fellow committee
men Mr. Knowland said:
"We will , n<m«»jadjoura until Friday
morning to meet In Sacramento at 11
o'clock."
"The law in New York allows the Chief.
of Police to Issue warrants for that class
of offenders and this suggestion la made
because it would aid* the police to act
quickly when they ' desire to make a
raid. At present warrants are* issued
after complaints have been made before
the Warrant Clerk and sometimes It Is
difficult to find a police magistrate to Is
sue warants. Very often the police have
to make a raid on short notice and if the
Chief had&^he power to Issue warrants it
would help them in a great way. I would
suggest this power for the Chief so that
he could act in Issuing : warrants Irre
spective of the power reposed in magis
trates."
Mr. Dunne then discussed the Penal
Code relating to lottery games and then
suggested to the committee that a law
might be passed similar to one operating
in New York City, by which the Chief of
Police would have the power to Issue war
rants. -
:Mr. Dunne said that the Police Depart
ment was there to assist the committee
and was not a party to a controversy.
He suggested that as the Penal. Code
provided for certain kinds of evidence In,
various cases, the Legislature should
pass a law which might cover the cases of
gambling by Chinese in fantan games.
"Sergeant Christensen has summed the
matter up right," said Mr. Dunne. "It Is
hard to get into the gambling clubs, hard
to get the evidence and hard to secure a
conviction."
at Sacramento on Friday morning next
at 11."
Addressing Attorney Dunne, Chairman
Knowland asked if he had any evidence
to offer.
unwarranted. I want to deny here the
accusations of the Mayor." '
"Were you ever sued for any of your
actions while you were Chief?"
"The Nymphla people brought a suit
against me for $5000 for closing them up,
but the suit was dismissed."
"Did you close the Nymphla?"
"I did." • . ---
Mr. Knowland— You said Just now that
the Legislature might take some steps to
break up gamblin j, what would you sug
gest?
"The Chinese fear deportation. That Is
the only way to reach the gamblers and
highbinders. The Police Courts should en
force the full penalty of a fine of $250 or
six months' imprisonment for, the carry
ing of concealed weapons for one. thing."
BIGGY'S TESTIMONY
IS THEN SHUT. OFF
Murmur in the Courtroom When
Committee Does as the Exam
iner Orders.
. At this point the committee held a whis
pered consultation and the lash of the Exj
aminer.was then shown by the statemem
made by Chairman Knowland after the
confab. . . . ,
Addressing Mr. Biggy, Chairman Know
land said: '
: i "The : committee . desires to ' go no fur
ther.".
A murmur ran through the courtroom
as Mr. Biggy was thus forced at the bid
ding of the Examiner to leave the witness
stand. ;:•..• - •
Attorney Coffey was then called up be
fore the committee and Mr. Knowland ad
dressed him as follows:
"Mr. Coffey. your offense yesterday was
of so serious a nature that we order you
to appear before the bar of the Assembly
THE LEGISLATIVE INVESTIGATORS OF THE POLICE WERE AFRAID
YESTERDAY TO PERMIT W. 1 J. BIGGY TO TELL THE TRUTH, AND
COMPROMISED BY CITING ATTORNEY COFFEY FOR CONTEMPT.
Kitchen Hands Attack Guard
Who Tries to Quell Row
on Alcatraz..
A fight that resulted In the severe
wounding of a prisoner employed in the
prison kitchen occurred yesterday at Alca
traz, and that It did»not result more se
riously is due to the pluck of Guard Look
abill.
Two prisoners who were working In the
kitchen secured a quantity of liquor and
efter Imbibing freely started a wordy war.
The argument progressed, growing fiercer
and more personal every moment, until
bofb the men Cnally lost : their tempers
and crabbed knives.
At this juncture Thomas A. Lookablll,
V ¦
The commission was apprised of this ac
tion, and came to the conclusion that
Scott had bunkoed it by agreeing to ac
cept the 'names certified to him for the
positions and on the same day leaving for
an extended trip for the benefit of his
health. The commission is hampered • In
any. move it might desire : to tak*3 by an
other writ of mandamus served at -the
Instance of J. Seyden," who is acting for
himself and fellow deputies, to compel the
holding of new and separate examinations
for deputies in the license and tax offices.
The matter will come up ~. to-day before
one of the Superior Judges, and as. soon
as It Is decided the commission will serve
a notification on the Auditor not ' to sign
the demands, of the old "deputies when
they come to him. The .commission
contends that • the charter requires
its approval of all. temporary'appoint
ments In the city government and this ap
proval for the old • deputies has not\ been
Issued. ' ¦ Consequently" - the* commission
holds that the civil service eligibles are
alone entitled to the salaries, though ' the
others are still holding on to the positions.
Tne civil ; service appointees have deter
mined to report for duty every , morning
1". 0Pder to strengthen their claims when
the matter comes up for final adjustment
assume the responsibility of displacing the
old deputies for the new. Levy said Scott
would probably not return for a month or
more.
"Yes; that is what the Mayor stated In
his letter to the Board of Supervisors
when he withdrew me. He also stated
that the Police Commissioners had ob
jected to my action In Chinatown. It was
no~Buch thing. The Commissioners never
made the slightest objection, and I want
to say that the other objections which
the Mayor made against me were equally
"Did you over hear of it?"
"No." . . .
Chairman Knowland— You say you were
withdrawn for being too active In China
town? . .
"Did you have any experience as to a
corruption fund?"
"Did the men who operated under you
in Chinatown always obey your orders?"
"They always obeyed me."
"Did Captain Wittman always carry out
your orders?"
"He always did."
"Did you raid the Chinese brothels?"
"I did." "V-.ii -- ¦••¦ <* '-, : ¦¦ T-*-?-V
the Police Officers Who Worked
Under Him.
WITTMAN ALWAYS
OBEYED ORDERS
Ex-Chief Biggy Praises the Work of
"That Is what you think?"
"Yes; it would take men of strong char
acter to carry out the law. There are such
men in the department."
Chairman Knowland — Did you break up
gambling to any extent?
"We brought about its termination
while the squad operated. I was there
with Captain Wittman all the time, from
10 in the morning until midnight. A man
like Sergeant McManus, with thirty men,
could eliminate the gamblers."
"How?"
- "By constantly harassing them. The
I.-eglsIature might take some steps to
break up the tongs, highbinders, murder
ers, etc."
"How many men do you think It would
take to break up gambling?"
¦ "Myself with Captain Wittman and thir
ty men could drive them all out."
Mr. Wright— Is it difficult to secure the
evidence of fantan games? ; ,
"Yes; by the time the police get Inside
the room the evidence has gone down the
hoppers to the sewer."
Mr. Webber— When you found doors at
the gambling places did you always break
them down?
"Yes, when the Chinese refused to open
them."
"Would it suppress gambling it the
doors were kept open?"
"Yes."
"Yes. I only had a limited number of
men to work with."
"How many men did you say you had?"
"Fifteen."
"If that policy had been pursued would
It have resulted In. driving the gamblers
out?" . •
"i kept all the doors of the so-called
clubs open." -
"In' operating against the Chinese
houses of ill fame I wanted to strike at
the warring tongs."
"What success did you have?"
"I operated all day and was quite suc
cessful."
"Did you secure many convictions of
Chinese gamblers?"
"I cannot eay 'that we secured many
convictions. My object was not so much
to secure convictions, but to harass the
highbinders and gamblers and drive them
out of business." '
"Were your efforts in that line success
ful?"
"I was removed "by th« Mayor for
being too' active."
"That is not an answer, to my question."
Mr. Biggy— Yes; I was most .successful.
"How lone were you In charge of the
department?"
"Less than six weeks."
"What did. you do to stop Chinese gam
bling?"
He Tells How .Mayor Pbelan Took
Occasion to Majse Unwarranted
Accusations.
BIGGY REMOVED
FOR BEING ZEALOUS
And so the Examiner's investigation
was brought to a close In short order.
Mr. Blggy was called to the witness
stand after the "star chamber" meeting
and the farce went on.
Judge Laird conducted the examination,
which was as follows:
"What is your name?" "William J. Blg
gy."
"Where do you reside?" "At £50 Va- !
lencia street."
• "How long have you lived in this city?"
"I was born here."
"Have you ever held a position In the
Police Department?" "I was Chief."
"While Chief of the department did you
have any experience in Chinatown aB to
making arrests of gamblers?" "I did."
"Tell us what your experiences were?"
"On'sssumint? the duties of Acting Chief
I consulted with the various captains of
the department. The Chinese district was
under the control of Captain Wittman
and I confined myself to his confidence
as far as my operations in Chinatown
were concerned. I gave my personal su
pervision as to the selection of the men
I wanted to work with. I took the best
fifteen men in the department. I divided
them into three, squads, each squad under
the direction of a sergeant, the squads
being under the order of Captain Witt
man and myself. I familiarized myself
with the provisions of the law and then
endeavored to close up the fantan games.
In this connection I will say that at the
time there was a highbinder war in pro
gress between the Suey Sings and the Hop
Sings. I was most anxious to stop the
war. I acted also against the notorious
resort known as • the Nymphla and also
against the Chinese and Japanese houses
of ill fame.
It was known on Tuesday that Mr. Big
gy was to be called before the committee
and in expectation of the testimony he
might give as to the Mayor's compact
with the Examiner by which Lieutenant
Esola was to have been made successor
of Chief Lees, a large audience filled the
courtroom where the committee has taken
testimony.
But not a word was Mr. Biggy allowed
to say which would hold, the Mayor and
the Examiner up to the scorn of the peo
ple of this city.
Before Mr. Biggy was placed on the wit
ness stand the entire legislative commlt-
Fearing an expose of Its shameful com
pact made with Mayor Phelan that the
San Francisco Police Department should
be turned over to the Examiner and one
of its pets made Chief of Police, the Ex
aminer yesterday held its lash over the
head of the legislative Investigation com
mittee and deliberately choked off the
testimony of ex-Chief of Police Blggy be
fore the committee.
Nature of Examination of ex-Chief
Biggy Is Arranged in "Star
Chamber" Session.
Attorney Joseph Coffey was then sum
moned before the committee and Informed
that his conduct in Issuing a subpena for
Charles S. Cram, the lying protege of the
Examiner, was so reprehensible that ho
must appear to-morrow at noon before
the bar of the Assembly to answer. The
committee then adjourned to meet at Sac
ramento to-morrow morning.
In secret session' It has already taken
the testimony of Chinese who swear that
they paid bribe money to Sergeant
Biophy with the understanding that Cap
tain Wittman was to receive a share.
The names of these Chinese will be given
to the police.
LEGISLATORS OBEY
EXAMINER'S BEHEST
And the investigators kept their prom
ise to the pleading newspaper. Assem
ble man Laird insisted upon questioning
Blggy when he was placed upon the stand
and all questions which would have led to
the expose of the Examiner were scrupul
ously avoided. Biggy related the story
of his brief experience as Acting Chief of
Police in Chinatown and was then in
formed that the committee had decided
not to permit him to testify upon any
other point. This announcement of the
committee that it did not want to know
the truth In a proceeding ostensibly
honest and impartial provoked a derisive
laugh in the courtroom.
This representative knew also that
Blgsy would reveal every fact In the dis
honest bargain, and he implored that
nothing which wpuld injure the Exam
iner be permitted to become part of the
testimony in the case. The Examiner was
ready to end the inquiry. It had proved
not a single charge, but it had not another
witness to offer. It was fearful of Blggy,
and behind him was the shadow of Ser-,
geant Price, who had been removed from
Chinatown. at the instigation of the Ex
aminer and for a bribe of $10,000. which a
witness said had been received by the
men who fought Price. The legislative
inquiry had become a boomerang and the
Examiner representative pleaded with all
the eloquence at his command. «¦ .
In secret session 'the legislative com
mittee took a vote and decided that it
wculd not permit Blggy to testify to any
fact which would prove the circumstance3
under which the Examiner attempted by
a corrupt compact to gain control of the
Police Department through Mayor Phe-'
Ian. Assemblymen Laird." "Webber, Schil
lig- and Wright voted thus to destroy the
whole purpose of the inqulry^and Assem
blyman Knowland voted not to do so.
The committee had sworn to make an Im
partial inquiry and in this vote a majority
of its members had deliberately, at the
command of a newspaper, noticeably
prejudiced, had decided to shut out testi
mony which would have had a vital bear-
Ing upon the whole case. This testimony
would have established the revengeful
motive of the prosecutor, which, In con
junction with the fact that no direct tes-!
tlroony of any sort, supporting the allega
tions of corruption against the police had
been introduced at the investigation,
would have had an important bearing
upon the whole issue.
nipulate Its vast power for selfish pur
poses. The representative of the Exam
iner knew this, and he pleaded with the
committee to prevent Blggy from expos
ing the corrupt scheme which had been
hatched to prostitute the department.
LIQU0R-CRAZED
COOKS RUN AMUCK
concern to the Examiner not to have
these facts revealed under oath. The rep
resentative of that newspaper knew that
Blggy would swear that he had received
his appointment as Police Commissioner
at the command of the managing editor
of the Examiner and with the understand
ing that his vote was to be given to the
egent of the Examiner bo that the man
aging editor of that sheet might secure
control of the Police Department and ma-
Mayor Fhelan had entered with the man
aging editor of the Examiner.
It was a matter of the deepest possible
facts of the corrupt compact into which
he represents to be held up to public scorn
and ridicule. He pleaded that Blggy bo
prevented from proving: under oath the
satisfy a revenge for lost profit. Assem
blyman Webber, who again illumined the
proceedings yesterdsy with his presence,
went so far as to make himself noticeably
a special prosecutor for the Examiner.
Under public pressure, however, the Ex
aminer decided to permit the committee
to call Biggy as a witness. But the mem
bers were given to understand that they
coujd ask the ex-Police Commissioner and
«x-Acting Chief of Police only certain
Questions. The Examiner was in sore
straits. Its attempt to secure control of
the Police Department for its own uses
had already been exposed. Its corrupt
connection with the dismissal of Sergeant
Price had already been more than hinted
at, and it did not dare risk the further
shame In which It would be involved by
a. true statement from Biggy.
When the investigating committee met
yesterday morning, therefore. It went Into
executive session at the request of the
Examiner to discuss the predicament of
that newspaper. All thought of further
prosecution cf the Police Department was
abandoned; the Examiner had now to pre
vent another of its scandalous acts from
being made public In an official Inquiry.
In this secret session of the legislative
commute* E. J. llvernash, representing
the Examiner, addressed, the investigators
and begged them not to permit the paper
Examiner passed through several unhappy
days in fear of a corroboration of this
condemning testimony, and yesterday It
de-legated an agent to plead with the ;om-
Tnlttee not to permit the incriminating tes
timony to be given.
William J. Bigrgy was the witness of
whom the Examiner was fearful. For
Fcveral days representatives of the guilty
newspaper prevailed upon a majority of
the legislative committee not to place
Big?ry upon the witness stand. Every
member of the committee, with the ex
ception cf Assemblyman Joseph Know
land, was ready to do what the Examiner
commanded. The investigators pledged
themselves to conduct an Impartial in
quiry, and four of them so far forgot their
dignity as to become simply the agent of
a newspaper which was attempting to
THE legislative Investigation of
the Police Department closed
yesterday In a most unusual
scene. The entire object of at
tack vras changed, and for the
first time perhaps in the his
tory of the city a newspaper
of San Francisco besreed and
pleaded for mercy from a body of official
lnvc-stipators. The Examiner, which had
been so actively malicious in its unproved
sccusatlons against the police, found lt
f-elt on th<? defensi\-e as the inquiry was
about to close, and it sent one of Its
agents to implore the Assembly commit
tee not to expose it% methods further to
the public.
Ever since Mayor Phelan was on the
¦witness stand the Examiner has had this
fear of exposure. It had failed utterly
to prove one of Its accusations. It had
shown that gambling: and social vice are
offensive in Chinatowji and that the slave
trade Is in existence In the district. But
these were neither new nor disputed facts.
The public knew them and the police ad
mitted them. Nothing was shown to prove
that the policy of the police was criminal
or inadequate, and as far as bribery was
concerned the public heard nothing which
possessed f ven the merit of hearsay testi
mony.
When Mayor Phelan testified he went
eo far as to criminate himself in orde.r
to show that the Examiner had used every
Influence at its command to prostitute the
Police Department to the uses of the man
eger of the Examiner. The details of a
corrupt political bargain were given, and
under oath Mayor Fhelan testified that
the Examiner persisted in denouncing him
because he did not sell the Police Depart
ment to the scheming newspaper. The
tee was closeted with Mr. Llvernash of
the Examiner In, a private room.
The Examiner's representative begged,
pleaded and threatened by turn that Mr.
Bigpy be not allowed to state under oath
what he knew of the compact made by
Mayor Phelan and the Examiner, for,
like a criminal, It fearedi the light of ex
posure.
Chairman Knowland was forced ' to put
the matter to a vote and his fellow com
mltteemen did the bidding of the Exam
iner. Judge Laird. Webber, Schlllig and
WrlKht all voted that Mr. Blggy should
not be allowed to give the evidence which
the Examiner feared.
J' H E question which was asked when the investigators from the Assembly began their inquiry
into the affairs of the police, is still unanswered. The committee has adjourned and still the
query remains: Is the Police Department of Sail Francisco corrupt in its relations to the Chinese t
'Absolutely 110 light, that is not shadowed by the doubts of per jury and self-interest, has been shed upon
the question. It has been proved that gambling, social vice and a particularly degrading form of slaveryK
exist in Chinatown, but this was knozvn to the public and admitted by the police.
More testimony has been introduced to shozv that the police were vigilant in their duty rather than
that they were net. The difficulties of suppressing crime in the Chinese district were demonstrated and
remedies in law and policy were suggested. The utter worthlessness of Chinese testimony was established
and no white man could give testimony of corruption more valuable than hearsay.
On the ether hand, the inquiry unquestionably was degraded into a special, prejudiced prosecu
tion by a revengeful newspaper, to whose commands a majority of the investigating committee bowed,
going even so far in its last session as to announce that it did not want to know the truth when the,
truth meant the exposure of the corrupt schemes by which this newspaper bargained with Mayor)
Phclan to secure control of the Police Department for its own selfish purposes.'}.
The inquiry was not, however, altogether profitless. It proved that an honest officer was' driven
cut of Chinatown by the Examiner and others and that Chinese gamblers and highbinders paid the.oppo
nents of^this officer $10,000 to secure his removal. The corrupt compact between Mayor Phelah and
the Examiner to gain control of the Police Department was admitted by the Mayor himself under oath.
These facts alone justify the existence and activity of the investigating committee.
POLICE INQUIRY CLOSES WITH A PLEA FROM
THE EXAMINER TO BE SAVED FROM EXPOSURE
Investigating Committee Refuses to Receive Testimony of Vital Importance==Attorney Coffey
Cited for Contempt—Williani J. Biggy Makes Sensational Expose of Phelan's Cunning Plot.
Jt T is extremely fortunate far Mayor.Phelan and his ex-partner •,
the Examiner, that William J. Biggj was not permitted by the
legislative investigators to tell yesterday what he knozvs of the
disgraceful compact made by the Mayor with the nezvspaper to
degrade the Police Department into a machine of corrupt self-inter
est. Mr. Biggy was seen last night and expressed his regret that
the investigating committee had been so fearful of the truth. "They
caged me in one of their rooms " he said, "secreted thentselves in an
other, and when I was placed on the witness stand declined to hear
•what I know to be of material bearing upon this entir inquiry.
"I wanted to prove to this committee that Mayor Phelan at~
tempted to sell the Police Department of this city to the managing edi
tor of the Examiner, and when he swore that he 'did not he com
mitted perjury. I wanted to prove to the satisfaction of the inves
tigating committee that the chief executive of '¦San Francisco and the
Examiner entered into a corrupt bargain to use the police power of
the municipality as an engine for private profit and that in this
whole disgraceful, shameful affair Mayor Phelan has been a liar off
the stand and a perjurer upon it. I have no feeling against Mayor
Phelan, and in my discussion of this lamentable business I want to
be prejudiced only in/his favor; but I believe that the people of San
Francisco should have been permitted to learn, through a judicial pro
' ceeding and in statements under oath, the limit of daring to which
Mayor -Bhelqn and the Examiner went to secure control of a power
which may be made of great good or tremendous evil.
"i* wanted to tell the committee of investigation under oath
that Mayor Phelan gave the entire selection of the Police Commis
sion to A. M. Lawrence, managing editor of the Examiner, for the
sole purpose of insuring the election of Esola as Chief of Police. I
..'•-'• A wanted to tell the investigators
1 that Mayor Phelan swore to a lie
when he declared that he would
not grant the demand of Law
rence. Mayor Phelan coerced tlie
Commissioners of Police in every
possible way to secure the election
of Esola. When he had threat
ened me past the limit of endur
ance I said to him: ' Mayor Phe
lan, if you insist upon the election
of Esola as Chief of Police the
people of San Francisco will do
everything to you except spit upon
you in the streets, and if I agree
to do as you demand of me they
will spit upon me. Every reput
able interest in the city is opposed
to this plot. It is a diabolical
scheme to milk the town.'
v ' "/ 'wanted to tell the investigat
ors this because it is the truth. I
wanted to show them how Mayor
Phelan and A. M. Lawrence cor
raled the other members of the
Police Commission and myself in
the Mayor's office the day before
our appointments were to be an
nounced and attempted to force
us to appoint Esola, and how
Commissioner Thomas protested,
declaring that the" meeting and its
purposes were more infamous
than tfie plot in which Horace
Davis had been trapped at the
Poodle Dog. t
\ "I wanted to show the investi
gators zvhat even high officials on
the Examiner thought of the
scheme when one of them declared
that it had' taken the Examiner
fourteen years to earn a reputa
tion and seven days to lose it. m All
of this I believed would have been
of moment in showing the com
mittee how the Police Department
.of this city may be corrupted and
prostituted by others than Chi
nese. I wanted to prove to the
committee how Mayor Phelan at-
tempted to use the Police Depart-
ment as a field for political pa
tronage, as he demanded of us
that Dr. Baset be made police
surgeon. I would have expected
the investigators to drawthir own
inference in reference to what
Mayor Phelan is doing now in
full control of the department
with/his creature Sullivan in the
chair of the Chief of Police. All
of this I wanted to show, and my
only regret is that the investigat
ing committee could not see the
wisdom of it."
THIS SAN --FRANCISCO/ CALL, THURSDAT, jrEBRUARY 14, 1901.
"No."
2
To Cure the Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo : Quinine removet the cause.*
To Cura a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
diuRRlMs refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. \\. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c •
The Only Way to Get a Com-
plctc Cure for
Catarrh, Deafness,
fe&J. APMTOj^^ Throat
IS TO TREAT IT AXTISEPTICAtJ.T.
The only -way to do this la with the Cottlngw
ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Invented
and patented by
DR. COTTINGHAm,
Kxpert on EAR. NOSE. THROAT and LUXO
DISEASES.
2O4 Sutter St., NW. Cor. of Kearny,
* FREK— Absolutely free Examination and om» v
week's treatment given to convince you of tha^
superior merit of this new treatment. 3000 ttsiJJ
cases S3 per cent cured. Try It FREE and ba
convinced while you can. Call at once or write.Important to his constituents. If their fate
depended upon his giving support to legis
lation that he believed unjust, outrageous
and against the best interests of the State,
his own bills might Just as well be killed
at once.
ASSEMBLYMAN RAY SAYS HE WAS THREATENED
BY THE SUPPORTERS OF THE QUARANTINE BILLS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO, Feb. 13.— The admin
istration Republicans ln the As
" eembly'were forced this morning
% to adopt conciliatory tactics, and
the same men who yesterday struggled
desperately for an hour . to prevent the
postponement until to-day of considera
tion-of the Governor's quarantine bills
were willing this morning that they
should be postponed until next Tuesday.
Xot only that, but the arbitrary ruling
by which they were ordered /engrossed
and to third reading was receded from
and Assembly bill 658 was recalled from*
engrossment and placed on the second
reading file, subject to further amend
ment.
Lack of votes Is the secret of this
change of heart More time must be had
to work upon members, to mollify them
by the insertion of amendments that, will
satisfy their whims without vitiating the
powers conferred by the bills: upon the
State Board of Health to, enter upon a
policy of nagging the Federal quarantine
officers. More time must be had to let
members become fully cognizant of. the
fact that unless they support these pet
measures their own bills will not receive
favor in the executive office. A •week is
the time figured upon by the partisans
of the bills as necessary to accomplish
this change of votes. Good men have al
ready succumbed to these arguments of
coercion and other good men will suc
cumb. »
The opposition was forced to acquiesce
in the postponement, for while the ad
ministration lacks the 41 votes necessary
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDLANDS, Feb. 13.— Mrs. Anna Ber
nals died here yesterday under suspicious
circumstances. After a rigid investigation
by Coroner Wesley Thompson, a verdict
was readied to-day which attributes her
death to an overdose of headache pow
ders.
Caused Her Own Death.
8p«cial Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Feb. 13.— The alleged at
tempt of Mrs. Jamina Chapman to rail
road her aged husband. John T. Chapman,
to an insane asylum has proved a sort of
a boomerang, and besides being made de
fendant ln a divorce suit she and her son.
George Campbell, have been lodged in the
County Jail on charges of grand lar
ceny.
Chapman, who has ventured three times
In the matrimonial lottery, evidently ran
against a snag when ha married Mrs.
Campbell five years ago. At that time
Chapman was i7 years old and his wife
about 45. He had a nice home at the cor
ner of Sunol and San Salvador streets and
was reported to be worth $30,000. The
money. It is declared, he keeps buried
about the place, and on occasions when
bills have been presented to him he has
gone out, dug up a can of gold and count
ed out the required amount.
Mrs. Chapman has not made her hus
band's life pleasant for the past couple
of years, and a few days ago she had
him arrested on a charge of Insanity. She
claimed he was a religious fanatic and In
the habit of going out at unusual hours
of the night. He had a divining rod. and
she claims he would sally forth with this
looking for buried treasure. Drs. Cur
now and Simpson, who examined the old
man, declared him perfectly sane and re
fused to commit him to an asylum. Chap
man declared his wife was trying to rail
road him to an asylum In order to get
possession of the property.
As soon as Chapman obtained his re
lease he filed a suit for divorce from hia
wife. He accused her of extreme cruelty
and infidelity. A trunk had been broken
into and Jewelry and money of a value
more than $2000 taken. This morning he
charged Mrs. Chapman and her son.
George Campbell, with grand larceny.
They were arrested and taken to the
County Jail in default of $2300 ball each.
Much of the missing property was found
ln the possession of Mrs. Chapman, but
she declared the old man had given It to
her.
San Josean to an Insane
Asylum Ends in Dis
aster.
Alleged Attempt to Railroad thj
STARTS DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS
Aged John Chapman Re
taliates Upon His
Better Hall.
CAUSES HIS
WIFE'S ARREST
FOR LARCENY
Fireman Loses His Life.
LOS AXGELES. Feb. 33.— Mangled until
almost unrecognizable as a human being,
tho remains of Frank Easton wero
brought to the Southern Pacific River
Station at 4 o'clock this morning. Easton
had been., employed a3 a fireman for the-
Southern Pacific since January 1. Earlv
this morning, before daylight, on the des
ert near Volcano Springs, he was coup
ling a water car to tho engine when ho
missed his footing ' and fell under the
wheels. Death must have been instanta
neous. The dead trainman left a wldo-/
and three small children, who were en
tirely dependent upon him for support
DOG-SALMON" SOLD
\ AS HIGH-CLASS FISH
British Columbia Legislature Will
Stop Fraudulent Labeling of
Shipments.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Feb. 13.-Th© Brit
ish Columbia Legislature has promised to
take actipn to put a stop to the practice
of fraudulently labeling salmon canned ln
this province. In recent shipments, espe
cially to England, large consignments of
ilsh have been fraudulently labeled to in
sure their sale at high prices.
Owing to the prolonged strike of fisher
men the canners lost heavily on the pack
of sockeyes, which are the choicest sal
mon and fetch the highest price. Suc
ceeding the sockeye run was the less de
sirable cohoe. or white salmon, and fol
lowing them came the dog-salmon. It is
claimed by members of the canners* com
bine that these dog-salmon, which are a
low class food, were. packed and sold by
unprincipled dealers to green buyers as
the more expensive and finer brand of
fish, and to carry out the bunko game
were stamped with the gorgeous red and
gold labels which it had been intended to
use on the more expensive brands. By
these -wholesale frauds the dishonest sal
mon dealers made a lot of money and
buyers paid twice as much as the article
was worth.
Tha -seventy-five big packers of British
Columbia have had no hand in this alleged
fraud, and they are now anxious that the
Pro-vinclal Legislature should pass a
stringent act compelling all canners to
truthfully label the contents of their cans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 13.— Brown of San Fran
cisco to-day Introduced in the Assembly
a bill aimed against the sportsmen of the
shooting clubs and the holders of shooting
preserves. It makes the baiting of game
birds a felony.
Collins of San Francisco introduced
several bills of peculiar nature. One
makes It a misdemeanor for any corpora
tion, firm, employer or foreman to pay an
employe his wages while the employe Is
in any saloon, barroom or restaurant.
Another qontains the following section:
Every street car operated on or alons: any
public street or highway, and propelled by elec
tricity, must be fitted with a track brake cap
able of bringing such a car to a etop within a
distance of fifteen feet, and ln any case where
any person shall have been Injured by having
been run upon, aealnst or over by any such
car not having such, track brake, the fact that
such persons may have been guilty of contribu
tory negligence in so having been run upon,
against or over by such car shall not consti
tute a defense to the person or persons or cor
poration operating such car.
. The third measure establishes the fol
lowing rule and regulation for tho con
trol or sleeping car companies:
"Where a lower berth of any section ln any
such sleeping car Is occupied by a person, or
persons who has or have engaged such lower
berth, then and ln that event the upper berth
of such section shall not be made up or lowered
without the consent of the person or persons so
occupying such lower berth, unless such upper
berth shall at the time It la so lowered or
made up be actually engaged by a bona-fide oc
cupant thereof.
Hourigan introduced In the Assembly
to-day Ashe's Senate bill limiting racing
to thirty days In the year.
McWade Introduced a bill providing for
the office of matron ln county jails.
The Committee on Public Health and
Quarantine sent in a bill to-day as a sub
stitute for the old pharmacy act, now re
pealed. It is identical with the Senate
bill Introduced by Laird.
Irving introduced in the Assembly a
bill for repairs and maintenance of the
Lake Tahoe wagon road, similar to the
one introduced ln the Senate by Lardner.
The University of California appropria
tion bills, introduced in the Senate on
Monday by Lukens, were Introduced ln
the Assembly to-day by Foster.
Bpecial Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGEI/ES, Feb. 13.— Ayton Armi
tagre. formerly of tho Bostonian Opera
Company, and for some time employed as
General H. G. Otis' private secretary. Is
a United States prisoner. He was arrest
ed this morning on a charge of sending
ah obscene letter thro.ugh- the malls. Mrs.
Martha B. Drullard filed the information
and Intends to prosecute the case.
The letter was sent to Mrs. Drullard's
Bon Clarence. Although ft was written
by ArmJtage on January 30, it was not
posted until late on the afternoon of Feb
ruary 5. It was charged ln the communi
cation that Mrs. Drullard had circulated
the report that her son was leading an
immoral life with certain Los Angeles
women, whom the writer names. Young
Drullard immediately turned the letter
over to his mother and she Invoked the
aid of United States Postofflce Inspector
Flint. The complainant swore to the war
rant last night at his suggestion. -
In the letter Armitage charges that Mrs.
Drullard made untrue statements about
him as to his morals and his credit,
branding him as a deadbeat. In his an
ger he uses not" only violent but vile lan
guage toward the mother of the man he
was addressing. Muoh o"f the language Is
absolutely unprintable and all o" It is in
temperate.
Armitage ln his own defense Bald this
morning that he and his wife had been
lodgers at Mrs. Drullard's house, but that
they were compelled to move, as they
could no longer tolerate their landlady.
He claims that he was persecuted and is
very anxious to have his case go to trial.
He contends that the letter is not obsecne
witRin the meaning ot the statutes.
The bond was fixed at $500, which was
furnished. Armltagre was then released.
His examination Is eet for February 23.
DAY'S OUTPUT
OF NEW BILLS
Peculiar Measures in
. the Assembly.
Collins Presents Three
retary.
Woman Swears to a Warrant Against
General Harrison Gray
. Otis' Former Sec-
INSULTING WORDS IN A LETTER
Ayton Armitage Stands Ac
cused ol Misuse ol the
UNDER ARREST
FOR VIOLATING
POSTAL LAWS
Still more Counterfeiting.'
The Secret ; Service has unearthed another
band of counterfeiters, and secured a large
quantity of bogus bills, which are so cleverly
executed that tho average person would never*
suspect them of being spurious. Things of
great value are always selected for Imitation,
notably Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which
has many Imitators, but few. equals for dis
orders : like Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipa
tion, nervousness and general debility. Always
go to tellable druggists who have tba repu
tation of giving what you ask for.
Hears Arguments and Disposes of
¦Welch's Educational
Bills.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 13.— A delegation from the
School Department of San Francisco was
before the Senate Judiciary Committee
this afternoon to discuss Welch's bills re
garding the duties an'd pay of Superin
tendents and Deputy Superintendents. Su
perintendent Webster and.r>eputy Super
intendent Kingsbury were . there to sup
port the measures and C. "W. Mark, ex-
President of the Board of Education of
San Francisco, to oppose them. Bill 1S2
provides that the Superintendent shall
have certain powers of approval ln the
purchase of supplies. This was unfavor
ably passed upon. Bill 164 provides that
the salary of the Superintendent's dep
uties shall be $3000 a year instead of $lS00.
This it was decided to report' without rec
ommendation. The position taken by the
committee was that these matters of du
ties and salary were provided for in the
charter and should not be made the con
cern of the Legislature.
The Senate Finance. Committee decided
to-night to recommend for passage the
three University of California bills intro
duced on Monday by Lukens. One*ap
propriates $200,000, another appropriates
$T>0,000 to make good the deficiency from
the Turner : mortgage loss, and the third
provides I that an appropriation of $200 00O
shall, in 'future be embodied in the bien
nial general appropriation -bill.
The Assembly Committee on Manufact
ures and 'Internal Improvements decided
to report unfavorably Franklin's bill
against the maintenance of powder mills
within a mile of any railroad or highway.
RAID ON CHINESE GAMBLERS.
two Mongolians.
Sacramento Police Gather In Sixty-
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 13.-The police
raided a Chinese gambling den ln the local
Chinatown ." this .-- afternoon and arrested
sixty-two ¦ Chinese . participants .at the
various games. The entrance was gained
by placing ladders up to the windows and
by.breaking in the doors leading to the
dens. '. - . '
Finds a Quicksilver Mine.
CANTO, Feb. 13.— J. H. : Babcock, while
prospecting to-day, discovered what seems
to be an extensive quicksilver mine.. The
find was made on the ranch of Colonel JV
A. Hardin. Babcock . says work will be
commenced at once to < develop, the prop
erty. „ For. some . time : Babcock . has been
Ending cinnebar in this ' locality. • but not
until to-day could he locate the lead.
CAIiDWELIi'S COTTRTS OP
APPEALS AMENDMENT
Districting Srireme Differs FroniThat
Proposed by Senator
Davis.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
MENTO, Feb. 13.— Senator Caldwell has
Introduced, an amendment- ln which, he
provides for the establishment of an in
termediate Court of Appeals in this State,
ln the same way as the Davis amendment
on the same subject, but dividing the
State Into/different districts.
Under Caldwell's amendment the First
District is composed of the following coun
ties: San Francisco, Marin, Contra Costa,
Alameda, San Mateo, Santa Clara. Santa
Cruz Monterey" and San Benlto. The
court of this district is to meet ln San
Francisco.
' The Second District is composed of the
following counties: Fresno, Tulare, Kings,
San Luis Obispo, Kern, Inyo, Santa Bar
bara, Ventura, Los Angeles, San Bern
ardino; Orange, Riverside, San Diego,
Stanislaus, Merced. Mariposa and Ma
dera. with the meeting place of the court
at Los Angeles. [•¦.-', . ' , ..
To the Third District are assigned the
following counties: Del Norte, Siskiyou,
Modoc. Humboldt, Trinity, Shasta, Las
een. Tehama, Plumas. Mendoclno, Lake,
Colusa, Glenn. Butte, Sierra, Sutter,
Tuba, Nevada, SanOma, Napa. Yolo,
Placer, Solano, Sacramento, El Dorado,
San Joaquin, Amador, Calaveras, Tuol
umne, Alpine and Mono, with the meeting
place ln Sacramento. ;^\j~ y.
To Prevent "Doping" of Horses.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 13.— Senator Leavitt sub-
rnitted a bill to-day forbidding: the "dop
ing"' of animals and providing a penalty
therefor. It sounded much like a • bill
submitted earlier In the session by Leav
itt in the Senate and Kelley. in the As
sembly. Such a bill 'was Introduced and
alter passing: both houses and reaching
the Governor It was found that the act
forbade giving to a horse a handful of
oats, a drink of water or a smell of hay
before a race. To-day Leavltt Introduced
a new bill on the same subject, but drawn
more In favor of the animals it is de
signed to protect.
Cigarette Bill Defeated.
- SACRAMENTO. Feb. 13.— Simpson's bill
prohibiting: the manufacture • or: sale of
cigarettes ln this State was defeated on
its third reading to-day, after a motion
to refer it to the Committee on Health
had been voted down.
BH/LS STJCCESSFUIi IN
SENATE AND ASSEMBLY
Favorable Action Upon Numerous
Measures in the Two Souses
of the Legislature.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 13.— Bills were
passed in the Senate to-day as follows:
By I^ardnpr — Relative to bringing opium upon
the grounds of prisons and reformatories.
By Taylor — Amending the act creating county
boards of horticulture.
¦' ny Lardner— Appropriating: $5000 to pay the
claim of August Zimmerman.
Anderson's Assembly bill to prevent fraud
in th» sale of parts green as an Insecticide.
Roberts* Assembly bill relating to the Har
bor Commissioners of the port of Eureka.
The following bills were passed by the
Assembly to-day:
By Sheridan— Adding a new chapter to the
Cede of Civil Procedure relating to divorce,
which permits of the entering of an interlocu
tory decree at the end of a divorce suit ln all
questions affecting property • and children, at
H.sne.
¦ By Brown of San Mateo— Amending section
S£3 of the act for the government of municipal
corporations.
By Hourlgan— Amending the provisions of the
eight-hour law with reference to State work.
By McNeil— Amending section 1882 of the
Political Code to permit th© issuance of school
tonrts for a period of twenty years.
By -Brown of San Mateo — Amending section
3951 of the Political Code, defining the bound
aries of San Mateo County.
By Greer— Amending the law relating to the
mutilation of books and other property ln pub
11<- libraries and galleries. /,
By Kalston— Amending the act relating to
the election of oftlcers in cities of the sixth
class. . ; .. . ; v^Vv
The Assembly also passed the following
Senate bills:; > • ,
By Shortridge— Paying the claim of J. E.
Edson. .
By Davis— Defining a portion of the eastern
boundary of the State.;.-
By I,uchslnger— To pay the salaries and ex
penses of the ernployes of . tho Commissioner
or -Public .Works.
Sends Her Husband to Jail.
SAN JOSE, Feb.' 13.— Trixie Milliken, a
flashily dressed young woman ¦ of San
Francisco, went before Justice Rosenthal
at 3 o'clock this mornirtg and charged her
.husband, George Milliken. with residing
in a disorderly house. Officer Campbell
foundi him ln a Market-street resort ; and
he was taken to the City Prison. •» It seems
Milltken has deserted his wife for another
woman, ai^ the arrest is the .result. . Mil
liken was unable _to give bonds: and he
will spend his time in jail pending • his
trial. .
Perishes in Burning Cabin.
GRASS VALLEY, Feb. 13.— Bernard ZI
netti, an Italian woodchopper, was burned
to death j in his cabin to-night at Gaston
Ridge. ' ¦: "•!.¦'. .-;"- : ¦'¦'¦-" ' ' ¦--.':''/:¦¦
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed, Army Orders
Issued and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON', Feb. 13.— Postofflces es
tablished: Oregon— Chico, "Wallowa Coun
ty, Ella Daugherty, Postmaster.
Washington— Hockspur, Spokane Coun
ty. Margaret C. McPhee. Postmaster.
Army orders: Captain William K.
Jones, Sixth Infantry, will be relieved
from duty as acting quartermaster and
commissary on the transport Indiana upon
his arrival at San Francisco, and will pro
ceed to Vancouver Barracks, Washing
ton, for duty pertaining to the regiment
to be organized there.
Pensions issued to-day: California—Or
iginal— Francis Morris. Nevada City, $6.
Additional— James F. Green. MatJliia. S10;
Henry Gade. Anaheim, $6; William J. W1I
lard. I»s Angeles. $10. Original widows-
Olive W. Lay, E ast Los Angeles. $23. War
with Spain, original— Gilbert AV. Spankie
Alameda, $6: Frank J. Fouke. Red Bluff.
J12; William A. Laufman. Oakland. 98;
Harvey Mundell, Pawnee, JS.
Oregon— Increase— John J. Reynolds.
•Forest Grove. $12; John I* ScoviUe, Grants
Washington — Original — Clarence A.
Jff,t th> T?° uth B . end - * 8 - -Additional— Auron
Kribs. Dayton. $10. Original widow-Sarah
F. Catlin^pokane $8. War with Spain,
original— Thomas \V. Soden, Pioneer J6
ESCAPE OF A SMALLPOX
VICTIM FKOM PESTHOTJSE
Spokane Officers Search in Vain for
a Disease Afflicted
• ;¦•¦ ¦.'*;" Fugitive.
SPOKANE, Feb. 13.-Afflicted with a
highly developed case of smallpox H. C.
Hicks is wandering: about this bounty,
while health officers and deputy sheriffs
search for him. Six weeks ago he was
sent to the County Jail to await trial at
the next term of the Criminal Court on
a charge of forgery. Three weeks ago
he developed smallpox and was sent to
the Isolation hospital. His guard left
him to-night in charge of another pa
tient and went to dinner. When the
guard returned the prisoner had flown.
His death may follow the exposure to the
wintry weather in his weakened condi
tion.
SACRAMENTO STJICIDE
AN OAKLAND YOUTH
Sister .of 'the Unfortunate IMscovers
His Identity by Means of a
Photograph.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 13.— About a
month ago a young: man. a stranger her?,
committed suicide a few miles south of
the city. The next day men who sail
they were from San Francisco told tho
Coroner his name was "Jack" Robinson.
No one claimed the body and It was burled
by the Coroner.
The body was exhumed to-day and sent
to a Miss Bingham of Oakland, she hav
ing made tho discovery by a photogTaph
of the deceased that he was Robert Blmr
ham, her mlssinjr brother.
BECOEEES BRIDEGROOM!
AT. AGE OF EIGHTY-rOUB,
Judge Battle of Seattle Weds a Wo
man His Junior by a Half -
Century.
SEATTLE. Feb. M.— Judge Nicholas W.
Pattle, aged f*. was quietly married here
Jr. Ft evening to Miss Jessie McKellar.
scfii C4. Notwithstanding the great dif
ference 5n ages, the bride and groom are
devoted and have been lovers for some
time. Hi^s McKeilar has been a school
teacher at M.is?cula, Mont., for the. past
four years. Arriving: here last evening,
ehe went Immediately to the groom's
horce. where the ceremony was per
formed.
Battl* was a lieutenant colonel from
Texas In the Confederate armv and com
r.arded the famous Gano Brigade.
Bcrerow Jury Sworn In.
BAN JOSE. Feb. 13. — The work of swear-
Irp a jury to try Frederick Begerow, the
AMm ex-Constable, who £hot and killed
Joseph Cech and A. Berger, was com
pleted this afternoon. Hugo LJebenthal
and other ¦critnpFFes were examined. Be-
Barber Bill Goes to Gonernor.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 13.— The Assembly
roncurred In the Senate amendments to
Bchleslnirer's barber bill to-day. The bill
Is now In the hands of the Governor.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. BACRA
MENTO, Feb. 13.— The bill for the re
vision of the Code of Civil Procedure
came before the Senate to-day and In
three hours' time Just one-tenth of its
consideration had been gone through
with. It s*et the legislators to thinking:
and in half a day a boomlet for an. extra
session had been started and had been
knocked In the head by the Governor.
The bill came into the . Senate with
about fifty committee amendments
printed In it and fifty more awaited it on
the floor of the House. " It "%as seen that
the work is beyond this session of the
Legislature and so whetr~lt came to a
suggestion to make the bill a special or
der for to-morrow morning, as It had been
for to-day. Senators with bills far down
on the file began to object. It was pointed
out that If the code bills were to be con
slderd to the exclusion of other legisla
tion, there would be no more bills passed
this session, and there are members of
the Senate, not lawyers, who believe
there Is something else besides codes in
the realm of legislation.
*It was then that two suggestions were
made, one to devote night sessions to the
consideration of the code and the other
to let the codes go for this session and
consider them at an extra session. This
latter course met general favor, for by
that time the proposition had reached the
ears of the Assembly: but the Governor
was Interviewed on the subject and he
put hia foot down. The codes must be
considered at the present session or not
at all. was his ultimatum.
In the Assembly this afternoon Tread
well attempted to get th© substitute code
revision bill, Assembly bill €26, made a
Bpecial order for to-morrow or Friday.
Johnson said that since the Assembly
probably would begin holding- night ses
sions next week he would urge that the
bill be made a special order for Monday.
No objection was made and the bill takes
its place on the file as special order for
Monday.
Governor Gage's Decision
in Regard to Code
Revision. ,
CHECKS EXTRA
SESSION BOOM
Epeel&l Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 13.— W. H. Rickard. th©
fnrmer Assemblyman from Saa Fran
cisco, was to-day appointed apportion
ment clerk for the Assembly, Jacob Btep
pacher having declined that office. Stej>
pacher will devote his time to the primary
election bills.
C. L. McMurray was appointed as one
of the statutory engrossing and enrolling
clerks. JZd J. Smith was appointed as a
history clerk, the appointment to date
from February 7.
The Republicans of the Senate caucused
to-day in order to put D. >L Knowles on
th« }>a.j-rcIJ as clerk to the Lieutenant
Governor at *4 a day. They also decided
to allow a Ftf-nopTapher to the County
Government Committee at $5 a day.
Senate and Assembly Re
publicans Add More
Names.
ATTACHE LIST
IS INCREASED
COUNTS SIXTY
TOE VICTIM
AWAITS DEATH
Drunken Man Attempts to
Commit Murder With
a Razor.
BADLY WOUNDS SUPPOSED FOE
Claims He Is Bobbed and Gives a
B-oomiaate One Minute's Time
in Which, to Restore
His Money.
»¦
Special rispa'-ch to Tb« Call.
SEATTLE. Feb. 13.— Crazed by liquor,
James Flood attacked James Dorcey, a
-ewsraper mar., with a razor this morn
:ng in the G;obe Hotel and Inflicted * an
ugly flesh wound on the arm. Proprietor
A. Hewitt, attracted by Porcey's cries for
help. Interfered, but wt.s driven out by
the razor wielder. During th© time that
KJoods attention was turned to Hewitt.
Dorcej managed to esctpe and ran across
the street to the Grand Central Hotel,
clad only in his night clothes. After some
trouble the razor was taken from Flood
ar.d he was given into th© custody of
cl^ccrs.
The attack camp about in a peculiar
rrar.r.er. Flood had been gambling In
company with Dorcey. Doreey says that
Fiood was drunk, and this statement is
corroborated bv others. Flood had nearly
J:-; '.', according to Dorcey'p state
ment, upon feeling in his pocket he only
:ound $3<t. Thortupon he accused Doicey,
whr» had retired to his bed. of having
stolen the missing coin. Flood drew the
rasnr, ar.d, sitting upon the bed. threat
ened that unless Doreey returned the
money before lie could count sixty he
would kill him.
Flood counted up to what was to hav©
hepn the fatal number in a Flow, method
ical manner, but his companion was afraid
to make an outcry or attempt to get
nway. fearing that the threat would be
put into execution sooner than was in
tended.
At the count of 68. Flood is paid to have
j-mped up from the bed with the open
razor in his har.d and made tfc» attack.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
ME>TTO. Feb. 13.— The claim of Au
gust Zimmerman of Auburn for $5000
was passed by the Senate to-day. Sena
tor Lardner speaking: for the bill, which
he Introduced. The 55000 is intended as
a recompense for the imprisonment for
eleven years of an innocent man.
Zimmerman was convicted in Amador
County in JSS3 of tho murder of a man
named* cjuackendahl. Th© only witness
against him was Ed Neff. who was under
a similar charge. Upon Neff'B testimony
Zimmerman was convicted, and when Nelt
came to trial he was acquitted. During
the trial Neff told his attorney, C. T.
Jones of Sacramento, that his testimony
against -Zimmerman was all false and
that he had testified as he did to shield
his brother. John Neff. who was the real
murderer of Quackendahl.
Jones could not use this information,
but he did do what he could to obtain a
pardon for Zimmerman, and earnestly as
sisting hint were the District Attorney of
Amador County and John Kgax>, another
attorney, who assisted in the prosecution.
For several years the efforts of the attor
neys were unavailing', and then Ed JCeff
<iled.
Jones Immediately considered that thi3
released him from his obligation of je
crecy, and he laid the whole matter beforo
the Prison B«^rd and the Governor, ex
plaining that f-ett had refused to retract
his false testimony for fear of perjury.
Zimmerman's pardon followed and In J*u
uary, 1S93. he was released from prison
and restored to citizenship, after having
served eleven years In the Folsom Peni
tentiary- -
Perjured Testimony Convicts Him of
a Murder in A mad or County
and Sends Him to a
Penitentiary.
INNOCENT MAN'S LONG SUFFERING
Five Thousand Dollars lor
Eleven Wasted Years
in Prison.
SENATE VOTES
TO PAY CLAIM
OF ZIMMERMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY ,14, rigOli
Governor's Supporters in the Assembly Want Time in
Which to Drum Up More Votes.
DELAY ACTION TO PREVENT
DEFEAT OF HEALTH BILLS
VALENTINES FROM THE STATE CAPITAL.
to pass the bills it had a majority over
the opposition and could carry a motion
to postpone in spite of opposition. Such
being: the case, the other side consented to
the postponement.
Johnson went to leading members of the
opposition this morning and said frankly
that he was making the fight for the bills
for men higher in power. Unexpected op
position had developed, much to the dis
tress of friends of the bills, and in order
to avoid the continuance of the bitter con
test he desired time to consult with the
higher powers, whose bills these were, and
ascertain if amendments might not be in
corporated that would remove opposition.
Johnson's diplomacy was also exhibited
in recalling bill 558 from engrossment, the
Inspiration of hia action coming from the
indignation at the order sending: It there
without the Speaker giving further oppor
tunity for amendment.
Coulterville decided In short order that
failure to obtain the passage and signa
ture of his bills would discredit him less
than to vote for administration measures
which required such tactics in their be
half, and he so Informed the Governor's
friend.
Ray declines to give the name of the
man who approached him, but It is un
derstood that he Is not a legislator. Re
port has it that he is connected with one
of the Stato offices. Ray told him that
while he had bills that he. considered most
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 13. — According to a state
ment made by Assemblyman Ray, the
pressure brought to bear by the adminis
tration to obtain favorable action on the
quarantine bills has not been confined to
the members of the majority. Ray says
he was approached by a maa^close to
Governor Gage and told that if he did not
support these bills his own bills would
be killed and he would have to face his
constituents with a record of failure.
The Democratic Assemblyman from
There la not the slightest doubt that a
large number of Assemblymen are lend
ing half-hearted support to the quarantine
bills against their own convictions, sus
pecting that opposition to them means the
defeat of their own measures now pend
ing and the antagonism of the adminis
tration to their political ambitions In the
future.
COMMITTEE RECEIVES
• SCHOOL DELEGATION
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A NEW DEPARTURE t
A New, Effectual and Convenient
Cure for Catarrh.
Of catarrh remedies there is no end, but
of catarrh cures there has always been a
great scarcity. There are many remedies
to relieve, but very few that really cure.
The old practice of snuffing salt water
through the nose would often relieve and
the washes, douches, powders and in-
halers in common use are very little, if
any. better than the old fashioned salt
water douche.
The use of Inhaler3 and the application
of salves, washes and powders to the nos»e
and throat to cure catarrh is no mor*
reasonable than to rub the back to euro
kidney disease. Catarrh is just as much
a blood disease as kidney trouble or rheu-
matism, and it cannot be cured by local
treatment any more than they can be.
To cure catarrh, whether in the head,
throat or stomach., an internal antiseptic
treatment is necessary to drive the ca-
tarrhal poison out of the blood and sys-
tem, and the new catarrh cure is designed
on this plan and the remarkable success
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is because
being used Internally It drives out ca-
tarrhal Infection through action upon
stomach, liver and bowels.
"VVm. Zimmerman of St. Joseph, relates
an experience ¦with catarrh which is of
value to millions of catarrh sufferers
everywhere. He says, "I neglected a
slight nasal catarrh until It gradually ex-
tended to my throat and bronchial tubes
and finally even mv stomach and liver
became affected, but as I was able to
keep up and do a day's work I let It run
along until my hearing began to fail me
and then I realized that I must get rid
of catarrh or lose my position, as I was
clerk and my hearing was absolutely
necessary.
"Some of my friends recommended an,
inhaler, another a catarrh salve, but they
were no good in my case, nor was any-
thing else until I heard of Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets and bought a package at
my drugstore. They benefited me from,
the start and ln less than four months I
was completely cured of catarrh, although
I had suffered nearly all my life from it.
"They are pleasant to take and so much
more convenient to use than other catarrh,
remedies that I feel I cannot say enough
In favor of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets."
A little book on c.\use and cure of ca-
tarrh will be mailed free by addressing F.
A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich., and the
tablets are sold by all druggists in the
United States and Canada. ¦'. ¦.
U only possible wbea yanr
feet are on the pedals, and behind tho pedal*
the reliable • . f
MORROW COASTER BRAKE
Adds one hundred per cent, to the pleasure of
cycling. Sold by all dealer*. Booklet free.'
Ecllpss Ml J. Co., Marcbc'n, Elmira, N.Y. ft
For sale by all dealers la bicycles
and bicycle sundries.
OB.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists, Disease !@b& w
and weakness of s|s££ -^>E
men. Established *"*^§fci4§?\
1SS1. Consultation VVgfc Xj2&lSJ >
and private book W\ \ /_A 1
free, at office or by £r£?sJ
mail. Cures ?niar- Rwi 'V^' Vir-i***
anteed. 7:tl Mar- *s*CW^>^
ket street (.elevator J^+iS&V-ftZ
entrance), San >«VfT^SjB»w •
Frandsco. jrZMvSSJtte&tE&fr
£p Hoffmanettes £n
Jb cigar. !«b
THE HILSON CO. Makers. N. Y.
31 AU, 8ADLES * CO., DUtrllratars. 34a fr&aoisu.
#/\*-* r^V>n ¦'¦imi'iipu irtrw-A^y ~4vfc
ST&F^SSy
Weafc Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
¦trength to sexual organs. Depot, ZZ3 Market,
A TVUTTRTTfTr-M t-'^Tff.
IT MAKES WOMEN HAPPY.
*"I had been a mfferer for many years
from servcrusn<?ss with all its eymp'tonu
end complications^" writes Mrs. O. N.
Fisher, of 1861 Lexington Avc, New York,
K. Y. " I was constantly going to see a pby-
Biciaa or purchasing medicine. Mv hus-
band at last induced me to try Dr. Plerce's
Favorite Prcscriptlcn. After taking one
bottle and following yonr advice I was eo
encouraged that I took five more bottles of
* Favorite Prescription. • I continued tak-
ingr it and felt that I was improving faster
than at first. I am not now cross and irrit-
able, and I have a good color in ray face ;
have also gained ten pounds in weight
and one thousand pounds of comfort, for I
eni a new woman once more, * n 4 your
edvice and your ' Favorite Prescription ' is
the cause of it" i. 'r r:John McDermott of 133 Langton street
owes his life to the fact that W. Rohrers.
a teamster of 1223 Harrison street. Is not
a good shot Last night about 8 o'clock
Rohrers fired four shots from a revolver
at McDermott at the corner of Langton
and Harrison streets, none of which took
effect. Rohrers was arrested by Officers
Schlnkwln and WUkln3 and charged at
the City Prison with attempted murder.
He -gave as a reason for attempting Me*
Dermott's. Ufa that the last named, had
been calling on his daughter, Mrs. Jalo
vlch of 310 Seventh etret and Insulting
and beating her.
Tuesday night McDermott mads his regv.
ular visit, and before leaving threw a
glassful of 'whisky In r.er face, so her
father says. Rohrers says his daughter
complained to him of the treatment aha
received and he determined to stop It. Ac
cordingly, he waited for McDermott on
the corner near hts daughter's residence
and emptied his revolver at him. He aaya
he will finish the Job when he get3 out.
McDermott got safely away, but Is being
searched for by the police.
Enraged Father Fires Four Shots at
Han Ha Claims Insulted
His Daughter.
POOB ITABKSMANSinP SAVES
LIFE OF JOHIT McDERMOT!]
A swimming carnival is one of the sur
prises for April. The champion amateur
rwlmmers of the coast will be invited to
enter the tournament, and some hand
some trophies will be awarded the victors.
The club has given an order for tha
erection of two large oil tanks. The ail
is to bo used as fuel, and It is believed
that this departure will be a gTeat saving
to the club.
At the close of the entertainment an ex
hibition will be given In the swimming
tank by Professor Sid Cavlll and other
experts.
It Is the Intention, of the Olympic Club
to hold another boxing tournament in
April. The gold belts offered by Herman
Oelrlchs will be offered as trophies. Tho
Eastern champions, who were to have
come West to meet the winners of the
tournament recently concluded, were to
have contested, but as they showed an
inclination to become professionals by de
manding money for expenses the club di
rectors dropped thera. At the end of the
year another boxing tournament will bo
held and the winners will be taken East
by John A. Hammersmith and entered in
the tournament to be held In that section
of tho country.
The programme is a lengthy one and
will be presented in its entirety. Forty
lads from the Columbia Park School will
give an object lesson in setting-up exer
cises and also a dumbbell drill. Hanlon.
Singer and' Vail, experts on the Spanish,
rings, will perform difticult feats. The
Fairchlld brothers, who are excellent
clubswingera, are on the card: U. Moll
and Ed btack will do some gracefut work
on the horizontal bars; Bntt. Snailham.
Lianxiger. Millet, Leonard and Fink© will
boxthvely bouts; Bay ley, Spiro and other
expert wrestlers will try conclusions on.
the wrestling mat, and four of Professor
Tronchet's cleverest pupils will exhibit
their skill with the rapiers.
Dannie Whelan, who is looked upon, as
being the finest amateur bag puncher tn
the world, will give an exhibition of h!a
skill, and his protege, William Leonard,
will introduce some new movements with,
the bounding ball. Professor George
Meihling. the wrestling teacher of Uxo
club, and who Is called the "Sandow of,
the Pacific Coast," will show hi3 prowess
as a heavy lifter. Little Arnold Grazer.
the buck and wing dancer, will do a turn,
and the entertainment will conclude with,
pyramid building by members of the club
under the direction of Professor Leandro.
John A. Hammersmith, leader of the
Olympic Club, is making great prepara
tions for the "ladies' night" which la to
be given in the commodious gymnasium,
of the organization, on Wednesday even
ing next. It is Mr. Hammersmith's Inten
tion to make the coming affair surpass
anything of its kind ever given under his
management. The programme hs has
prepared practically bears out this asser
tion.
Champions In the various athletic sports
will display their skill for the edification
of the fair sex. Wrestlers who have won
trophies In the past, swordsmen who aro
expert with the foils and the broadsword,
and boxers who recently won champion
ship trophies will perform.
Brilliant Programme Is Being Ar
ranged — Another Boxing Tour
nament Will Be Held in
April.
Olympic Club to Give a
"Ladies' Night" Wednes
. day Next.
FAIR SEX WILL
BE ENTERTAINED
HOUNDS TO RUN FOR TROPHY AT COURSING GROUNDS
-When the butcher sells a storage turkey
for the fresh article it's a question wheth
er the turkey or. the customer Is plucked.
The oldest British colony in Australia
is New South Wales. • It was founded as a
penal settlement In 1788. .
Mrs. Evelyn Goulart, a nurse living at
213 Ashbury avenue, secured a warrant
from Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the
arrest of Joseph Patineude on the charge
of felony embezzlement. ' Patineude is
an actor, his ptage name being Joseph
Martin. Over a year ago he was a patient
in a private sanitarium and- Mrs. Goulart
nursed him. After he recovered from his
illness she says he borrowed - her gold
watch, valued at $100. telling her that
his own watch Was being repaired and
he, required a timepiece for the part he
was playing at a variety show. He has
not returned the watch, and she has now
discovered that he pawned it. r.
An Actor's Ingratitude.
San Francisco Athletic Club to Sold
Its Monthly Exhibition This
Evening.
Matchmaker Alec Greggalns of the. San
Francisco" Athletic Club has prepared a
fine card for the monthly boxing.exhibi
tion to be held in the clubrooms of the
organization at 317 Sixth street this
evening. "Billy" Snailham. the diminu
tive boxer "who captured the amateur ban
tam championship in the tournament re
cently held by the Olympic Club, is sched
uled to try conclusions with "Billy" Mur
phy, a youth with championship aspira
tions. . .
The following amateurs will box four
rounds for trophies: Ed Finnery vs. Jack
Cordell. 115 pounds; Joe Broasha'w vs.
Jack Hopkins. 120 pounds; Charles Ste
vens vs. Hugh Frlel, 120 pounds; Charles
Ryan vs. Jack Murray, 130 pounds; Billy
McDonald vs. Ed Devlin. 130 pounds; Pete
Coleman vs. Sailor Sharkey, 138 pounds,
and Mike Curtain vs." Ed Nealon, 142
pounds. = .;¦¦¦¦.¦
The Bay City Athletic Club will hola
Its regular monthly boxing exhibition on
•"February 20. The" following card has
been prepared: Jack McCarthy. Olympic
Club, vs. William Kelly, Bay City Club,
140 pounds; "Nobby" Otts vs. Fred Bell,
.135 pounds; Archie Dean vs. Sailor Shar
key, 135 pounds: "Kid" Chinner ve. Joe
Ward .120 pounds; George Sullivan vs.
Fred Butler, 1 >0 pounds; George Dougher
ty vs. Frank Neil, 105 pounds; George
white vs. "Kid" Carter, 105 pounds.
James McDevltt will referee the contests'
and Tad Dorgan and Jim Griffin will act
as Judges.
The Reliance Athletic Club of Oakland
has postponed its boxing exhibition until
the 19th. The bouts were to have been
fought last evening, but Tommy. Cox, who
was to meet Tom Herman, was taken ill.
Bob Jones' and Hank Griflin, two well
known heavyweights,' will fight at Vallejo
on the 17th before the athletic club of that
city.
CLEVER AMATEURS WILL
BATTLE FOR TROPHIES
A resolution providing- for the printing
of additional copies of the' report of the
Taft Philippine Commission was agreed
to. Pettigrew, while not objecting to the
resolution, expressed the. opinion that the
American people were entitled to the facts
with respect to the Philippines. These,
he said, the Taft report did not contain.
It was a partisan report, made by a par.
tisan committee, and he urged that it was
designed to conceal the racts and convey
a false impression to the people of the
situation in the Philippines.
Foraker, chairman of the Committee on
Pacific Islands and Porto Rico, called up
a bill relating ' to the retirement of the
Hawaiian coinage and currency. He ex
plained that the old Hawaiian Govern
ment had issued $1,000,000 of silver coins
in dollars, half dollars, quarters and
dimes. Against $272,000 of the amount sil
ver certificates had been Issued, the $272.
000 of silver being .retained in the treas
ury The purpose of^the bill .was. to sub
stitute silver coins of the United States
for the Hawaiian coins, both being- of the
same weight and degree of fineness.
"The bill is all right," interjected Cock
rell of Missouri. It was passed without
further comment.
Senators Hale, Chandler and Tillman
were named as conferees on the naval ap
propriation bill.;
At '2:20 o'clock the Senate again went
into executive session. - .
« At 4:15 o'clock; the doors were opened
and consideration of the agricultural ap
propriation bill was resumed. The amend
ment relating to the seizure of imported
foods, drugs and liquors in case they
should be found to be adulterated Inju
riously, which was discussed at length
yesterday, wa3 agreed to.,.
• When the committee amendment pro
viding for • the mapping of the soils of
the United States was reached, Teller pro
tested that no such project ought to be
authorized. It would prove to be only a
gigantic task, useless as to practical re
sults, but- It -would involve an expense
ultimately of- millions of dollars. He
moved to strike out the provision. If pre
cipitated considerable discussion and was
not disposed) of when, under Its special
order,- the. Senate at 5:30 • o'clock took a
During the greater part of the day the
Senate" was engaged in executive session
and in the counting of the electoral vote
for the President and the Vice President
of the United States. Late in the after
noon consideration of the agricultural ap
propriation bill was resumed, but little
progress was made. At a night session,
beginning at 8 o'clock, the District of Co
lumbia code bill was read.
¦WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.— 'When the
Senate convened to-day the blind chap
lain made a beautiful and touching refer
ence to the death of Mrs. Thomas C.
Platt. wife of the Senator fr.om New
York. . '
Pettigrew Says it Is Parti
san and Intended to Hide
the Truth.
TAFT REPORT
OBJECTED TO
An'Excellent Card to Be Hun Off
at Union Coursing
Park.
An exceptionally good stake will be run
off at Union Coursing Park next Friday
and , Sunday. -One hundred and twenty
live line dogs are in the open stake, and
the drawing last night brought a number
of brilliant performers together in the
rundown. .The usual prizes are offered.
Coursing will commence on the arrival of
the 10:15 train on both days. Following
is the result of last night's drawing;
Open stakr, 120 entries— D. Toland's Pleasant
Girl vs. F. A. McComb's Bonaflde; Captain
Clarkson's Golden Garter vs. Curtis & Sons'
King Cotton: T. Tiemey's Lucretla Borgia vs.
K. M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma; CurtlB & Sons'
Narcissus vs. Yoeemlte Kennels' Beauty Spot;
Gold Dust Kennels' The Lady vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Anne; P. Jackson's Honor Bright
vb. Ersklne & 'Jones' Lavender; J. McCarthy's
John Doe vs. Russell & Allen's Spiteful: F.
Jones' Wedgewood vs. Curtis & Sons' Maud
S; P. Stelnhoft's Veto vb. Tosemlte Kennels'
Uncle Fuller; T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale vs. S.
Handy's Twin City Girl; D. J. Healy's Tap
ioca vs. Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold; Pasha
Kennels'' Roundabout vs. R. E. do B. Lopez
MANY FINE DOGS DRAWN
FOR THE OPEN STAKE
ON Friday, February 22; Saturday,
February 23, and Sunday, Feb
ruary 24. the second great cours
ing stake of the year will be run
at Union Coursing Park. This
will be the California. Plate event, second
only to the John Grace challenge cup.
which was run under the auspices of the
Interstate Coursing Club last October.
Originally the John Grace stake took
place in February and since the change of
dates the California Plate has been sub
stituted for. the former big February
event.
Besides a big purse prize for the winner,
a handsome piece of silver plate, beautiful
in design, with, a coursing scene engraved
upon its face. . will pass into the posses
sion of the lucky owner. In order to
secure the ownership of the plate It must
be won three times. The plate cost up
ward of $200.
Among ' those who . spoke in support of
the President's right to appoint as he had
done were Senators Cockrell and Pettus,
both Democrats, who said that as the
law conferred the discretion of selecting
officers regardless of the rule of seniority,
and. as the selections in this case ap.
peared to have been wisely made, they
could not see their way clear to cast their
votes against his nominations In this par
ticular instance.
Senator Lodge upheld the nominations
He said the criticism of a. man who had
done so much for the country as General
Wood had done at a critical time < was
preposterous.
The explanation was made on behalf of
the President that he especially desired
to reward General "Wood for his services
in Cuba and that he thought his rank
should be high In case he should be called
to discharge other high offices in the fu
ture. . .
No roll call was demanded on the con
firmation of the nominations.
The criticism, of General "Wood was con
fined to the fact that his military record
Is not extended. Senators Bate of Ten
nessee and Jones of Arkansas objected to
the nominations of Generals "Wood. Grant
and Bell on the ground that their nomi
nations constitute a breach of the rule of
seniority In the army and exceptional em
phasis was laid upon General Wood's
nomination on that account. It was held
to be unfair to other officers who had
seen long service in the field. Senator
Pettigrew contended that General Wood
was without practical experience In the
art of war and as a leader of men. He
said the general had gone into the army
as a contract surgeon and had done very
little fighting. If. he said, that sort of
favoritism was to be continued the West
Point academy might as well be abol
ished.
TVASHIXGTOX. Feb. 13.— The Senate
held two executive sessions to-day, with
the result that all the Presidential nomi
nations to the office of brigadier general
were confirmed. The nominations which
caused discussion were those of Generals
Bates, "Wood, Grant and Bell. Senator
Pettigrew criticized General Bates' nomi
nation, because that officer had nego
tiated the Sulu treaty, which treaty he
attacked sharply. Senators Teller and
Rawllns also joined In the criticism' of
the Sulu treaty. They referred especially
to Its recognition of the Institutions of
slavery and polygamy, which, they
claimed, was repugnant to the tastes of
the people of this country, as well as to
the constitution. No one, however, made
objection to General Bates' confirmation
when the time for a vote was reached.
Bates, Wood, Grant and Bell
Advanced to Rank of
Brigadier General.
ARMY PROMOTIONS
ARE CONFIRMED
& Son's Sara; Curtis & Sons' "War Eagle vs.
E. II. Kellogrg's Iowa Boy: Aeneld Kennels'
Agememnon v». T. Tiemey's Tea Rose; To-
Bemite Kennels" Freedom's Banner vs. I* Bar
tel'a Banner Bright; J. Dean's SIs<juoo vs. D.
J. Healy's Lady Clare; Vosemlte Kennels' Sir
Van vs. J. McNeil's Block Hawk: Curtis &
Sons' Flylnr Fox vs. Captain Clarkson's Head
water; G. Leonard's Halfmoon vs. F. Jones"
Harlean Gladys; Curtis & Sons' Cavalier vs. B.
N. Kellogg'.s Iowa Maid; Russell & Allen's
Daisy Clair vs. E. N. Kellojrg's Kid McCoy;
R. K. de B. Liopez & Son's The Levite vs. J.
Smith's Master Workman: C. Bonner*s Wild
Koran vs. F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha; P. J.
Reiily's The Grafter vs. P. Doyle's Liberator;
Cherlnl Bros.* Brass Button vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Rocker: George Shaman's St. Ives vs.
Star Kennels' Blackhead; H. A. Deckelman'a
Lawrence vs. D. J. Healy's Urania; Connell
Bros." Mamie Pleacant vs. E. M. Kellog-g's
Buck; George McDoujraU's Colonel Lcpez vs.
P. A. McComb's Royal Flush; P. J. Relliya
Royal Union vs. P. J. Reiily's Moortbrlght;
T. J. Cronin'a Wild Traiee vs. P.
Reilly's Cascade; Gold Dust Kennels' Forset
vs. Captain Kane'a Master r»avenport; Fa»ha
Kennels' May Hem»tea<} vs. P. Brophy's Be
nicla Boy; Jeff Martlnette's Slim vs. II. A.
Deckelman's Snap Shot; Walsh & Heenan's
Sacramento Boy vs. Curtis & Sun's Psyche;
N. DunleVs Krin vs. AeneUI Kennels' Aeneas;
K. Geary's Ireland vs. A. Vanderwhite's Lear
King; Pasha Kennels' Fiery Fate ••*. P. J.
Reilly's MlM Evan*; D. W. Bartel a Mae's
Melody vs. L. F. Bart?l's Best Bargain; Star
Kennels' Game Boy v». E3. McAndrew's Gov
ernor Mac: Captain Kane's Victor Boy vs.
Aeneld Kenneta' Achilles; Gold Dust Kennels'
Magormissablb vs. Ste:l & Knowles' O'Hara;
T. J. Healy's Nacosio vs. F. A. McComb's
Little Sister: George Whitney's Theron vs. P.
J. Reiily's Wilfull Widow; F. A. McComb's
Frosty Morn vs. Charles McDermotfi Noe
Maid; O. Zahl's Miss Wiison vs. T. J. Cronin's
Vixen; Pasha KenneU" Real Article vs. P. J.
RelH^s Warship; Star Kennels' Master Law
rence vs. J. Holden's Scottish Chief; Sterl A
Knowles' Oleta vs. Curtis « Sons' Shadow:
Pasha Kennels' Random Aim vs. Irwln &
Lyon's Silver Wings; H. H. Gray's Bannock
bum vs. Pasha Kennel j' Rich Allowance; Cur
tis & Sons' Charta v». P. Jackson's Golden
Russet; George Sharrnan's Bowery Boy vs.
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist; D. Toland's
Twilight Jr. vs. Curtis & Sons* Kibosh; T. J.
Crontn's Vandal vs. J. Kami's Gold Ore;
George gharman's Chicago Boy v». G«orge
Parkinson's Ben Lomond; Cheetam A Parting
ton's Representative vs. P. Dillon's Granuvilla;
P. J. Reiily's Honesty vs. Cherlnl Bros.' Bunko
Bill: O. Zahl's Homer Boy vs. H. Lynch's Lot
tie M; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple vs. P. J.
Reilly's Loughneagn.
Hammit and the woman left the saloon
after the cutting. Hammit went to his
brother's drug store at Gough and Market
streetB and had his wounded hand at
tended to. He was later arrested by De
tective Crockett on Fourth street. On the
way to the City Prison Hammit tripped
up the detective and attempted to make
his escape, but failed. He claimed that
he was drunk and did not know what he
was doing when he cut Holman. He- gave
the name of Peter Metz when registered
on the detinue book, but later acknowl
edger his true r.ame.
. Attorney Ward of the District Attor
ney's office was sent to take Holman's
ante-mortem statement, but he found it
was unnecessary, as Holman was not in
a dangerous condition. Holman came
from Los Angeles with his wife recently
and two months ago attempted to commit
suicide by swallowing a dose of laudanum
because he had lost his money by gam
bling. Hammit will be charged with as
sault to murder.
Holman was drinking at the bar, when
a woman entered and asked him to give
her a drink, w!th which request he com
plied. Hammit was also standing at the
bar and he and the woman entered into
conversation and then they wont' into a
rear room. A minute later Holman heard
her scream. He pushed, open the door
and asked what was the matter.. Hammit
told him to mind his own business and
with an oath stabbed him in the neck
with a putty knife which he grabbed from
his vest pocket.- severing an artery.
Holman grapipled with him and a des
perate struggle ensued for the possession
of the knife. Boese, the saloon-keeper,
and Fred Craig, an expressman, ran to
Holman's assistance. During the struggle
the knife was broken and Hammit cut his
left hand with It before it was forced from
him by Boese and Craig. By this time
Holman had fainted from loss of blood
and it was thought that his jugular had
been sevored. He was taken to his home
and a physician summoned who found
that an artery, but not the jugular, had
been cut.
Michael B. Holman, a carpenter living
at S37A Mission street, was cut in the neck
by William Hammit, a painter living -at
8 Gough street, during a row over a wo
man in a rear room of the saloon kept by
Herman Boose at 81 Third street yester
day afternoon.
Michael B. Holman Inter
feres to Protect a Woman
and Is Wounded.
CUT IN THE NECK
IN A SALOON ROW
Postponement Is Almost Certain
.With the Probabilities That the
Court Will Decide Against .
the Management
? ¦ — .
CINCINNATI, Feb. 13.— There is every
indication that the proposed boxing match
will not be pulled off at Saengerfest Hall
next Friday. There is as much doubt
about the time'and place as there is about
the decision of Judge Hollister that is to
be rendered to-morrow noon. Sporting
writers from all over the country arrived
to-day and besieged, the quarters of the
light managers, but nobody could make
any definite statement. As soon as Judge
Hollister renders his decision these man
agers will have a conference and will lay
their plans for the future. They promise
to make a statement for the public as
soon as they can in the afternoon. •
It is understood that if Judge Hollister
grants the application for a permanent
Injunction the postponement will be for
some weeks, so as to allow time to carry
the case through the Circuit Court and
thence to the Supreme Court.
If Judge Hollister shall refuse an in
junction on the ground that a court of
equity has no Jurisdiction fn such cases
or any other ground the postponement is
not likely to be for more than one week,
and It may be only to the. first of next
week.
While there are reports In circulation
that Governor Nash has three or four
regiments under marching orders, it is not
believed here that any troops will reach
the city this week at least.
All concerned in bringing off the fight
insist that they will not attempt to pro
ceed if a permanent injunction is issued
against them, and the general opinion is
that such will be the finding of the court.
9-i-M 1 1 1 ¦:¦¦:¦¦:¦•:•¦:• * 4- -h-h-m-m-m^
Indications That Jeffries
and Ruhlin Will Not
FIGHT OUTLOOK
GROWS DIMMER
The first book ever printed -. in Swltzer
glves better results than hot water.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 13—Results:
Six and a half furlongs —The Bronze Demon
won, Ml*s Gollghtly second, Pirate's Queen
third. Time. l:2i.
One mll»— Lady Curzon won. Trebor second,
Henry of Franstamar third. Time, l:60H.
Steeplechase, handicap, short course —Dlrer
tlwment won, Uarve li second. Bristol third
Time, S:2S«4.
The Bayonet stake, half-mile—Ardlta won,
Lena A second. Lou Woods third. Time :53.
Seven furlongs, handicap—Height Night won,
Moroni second. Miss Hanover third. Time-.
Mile and a sixteenth —Badie - Burnham won-,
Zolo second,. King Elkwood third. Time, 2:00.
Judge Coffey is at present hearing a will j
contest of unusual Interest. The question
ed testament is. that of John Brown, at
one time sexton of Calvary Presbyterian
Church, who died In Napa Asylum
August 6. 1900.- His will was filed for pro
bate and bears date of February 19, 1898.
being executed about two years and a half
prior to his death. Therein decedent's
widow and his stepson. William C. Brown,
are named as administratrix and adminis
trator. A *«on. George /T. Brown, is be
queathed $10. Mrs. Brown, his widow, is
given all household effects, mpney and
other personal proerty, and the residue is
ordered divided among William C. Brown.
Mrs. Sarah Jano Walker, a daughter, and
A. S. Waiker, a grandson. .-
Mrs. Brown in her petition presenting
the will for probate avers that the de
ceased was of unsound mind when he exe
cuted the testament. She asks, however,
that the court hear all the evidence bear
ing on the .issue thus raised and then ad
mit the will to probate or reject it as is
just and proper. Her co-executor, Wil
liam C. Brown, denies the allegation of
insanity and asks that the will be ad
mitted.
Mrs. Brown" is not supported in her be
lief that her huiband wab insane when he
executed the will by Rev. John Hemphill,
in whose church Brown labored; for years.
Rev. Mr. HemphlH testified yesterday that
he believed" that at the time the will- was
executed deceased was of sound and dis
posing mind. 8. H. Kent testified to the
same effect, after whicn< an adjournment
was taken till this morning.
EXECUTORS DISAGREE
. AS TO BROWN'S SANITY
First rare— Joe Ripl^y. Ostler Joe. LltmuB.
gecond race— Oscar Tolle. Homage, Lief
Prince.
Third race— Ccrrlgan, Kllldoe, Botany,
Fourth race— Lena. My Gypry, Sonello.
Fifth race— Sad Sam. The Light. Essence.
Sixth race— Amasa. gwset Caporal. Ralston.
Oakland Selections.
Flxth race — Five and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and upward; scaling.
1776 Tcv\ Play 102 il€C) P. Caporal 1M
1761 Satan 104] .... Hagenlon 104
1M5 Little Sister. . .Ki6 1313 San AugustinelCg
1600 Amau 1C8 UJ-2 Ralftton 108
1S7I A. L>ou*berty.lCK! 1W7 MeAJbert 10S
!(£? Peace 1% 17M Clarando 106
Fifth race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
upward; purse.
UTSS) Fad Sam n ISO" Essence 106
1734 Monta'.lads ....W.< 1762 Duckoy 106
177> Ir.victus 94 17M The Light 112
J193 L. R. McWh'erlW
Knurth race— One mlie and seventy yards.
trre»--year-ol<5s and ujiward; pelling.
1676 Uena , 10S1.17Q St. Wood 103
3666 William F S5 1190 My G>-psy 95
1805 Morlnga 100 ! 1773 Eunello 85
\
Third race— Four furlongs, two-year-clds;
purne.
11754) Cortiran 11HI 1794 Barklylte 102
3W2 Parlzarfe 102 1S0S Botany .-102
17T1 Tyranu* 102 ilSOC) Killdoe 115
17&4 Montoya U3l
fw-ond race— Six furlong*, three-year-olds;
elltn*.
17K3 Compass Ill] !^4 Illusion 107
17?; Cambaceres ...114 3743 Oecar Tolle 112
37S2 Splnfile 10S JSOS Ravaesa 107
177S P. Archibald.. . 112: 1K)8 Homage 107
IMS St. Rica HV18CS Lief Prince. ...112
3M*4 Companion ....l'>7 1C4J Follow Me 109
1*16 Ilathgar 109,
Oakland Entries.
Kirrt r«<-e —One mil<\ ihree-year-olds and up
ward; wiling.
1M7 Joe Ripley IV 1779 Barney F 107
ISIS Litmus 97 ]S05 K. Gibbons.... 1I«
¦ 3<=17 Ringmaster ...lir;lS05 Ostler Joe 110
• 1706 Almoner 107i 1SOS Mitten 105
Betting— Sir Hampton. 9-5; Goalrunner. 7-5;
Miss Rnwena. 3; Poclalls-t, 49; I Don't Know,
60; Aurora B, 200; Kulah, 10.
1S21. SIXTH RACE-Five ana a half fur
lungs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
S3S0.
Inflex. Hon-e. Wt. Jockey. St. »4. Etr. Fin.
<:TSR)Sir H'mpfn. 4. 117.Bull 12 2 In 1 1H
17M Goalrur.ner. E, HS.Turner 3 5 1 3 1 2 3
14J0 Mls« Rowena. IK.. Ruiz 1 1 n 2 1 3 1
1782 SocialiFt. 6. US...OnldPn « 6 20 4 1 4 IS
1501 I D't Know, R. 113. Devln 5 4 3 5 5 E 3
ISH Aurora B. a. 113.1)ingley 4 3 4 6 6 6 10
Kulah, 5, 105. Lopue 7 7 7 7
Time-S-16. :17»i: 7-16. :42; 5>if. l:00'-i- Oood
Btart. Wen cleverly. Second and third driv
ing. 'Winner. Georce Miller'F br. h. by Imp.
T\ atercreps-imp. Uncle Hampton. Winner van
a goo«l horse to-day. Goalrunner couldn't
cstch h!m. MIfs Rowena tired. Scratched—
Peace ill. Mike Rice US, Almoner 113. Looram
113, Harry Thatcher lf>7. Sweet Caporal 116, St.
IN2O. FIFTH RACE— Sir furlongs; T.elmont
Handicap; \alue. finno.
I-.rtex. Horye. "Wt. Jockey. St.' H- Btr. Kin.
<1795)Frk Bell. .'. 1R Bullman 1 1 h 11 1 h
17.M L^v. Cu;>, 6, &7.Matthews 4 7 4 n 2 '•»
!7S4 I>ennep. «. 102 Stuart 7 o H 6 1 3 3
IT** Meehanup. f.. in2.Mounce 3 € »j 7 4 2
<J718)B!I1 Garrett. 4. itLDoao 2 4 2 34 5!
17S5 Vellowtail. 4. itr.Jenkne 6 3 n 5 n 6 3
1733 True Blue, a. I10..Devin S 2 2 2h 7
Time— 14, :I4; % :4^4; \. r.14 1 *. Good start.
Won first three ftrlvts*. Wlr.ner. J. W. O'Neal
«. Co.'» b. X. by Hie Henry-Flora Leach. Go
ir.g euited 1V11 and he «af well ridden. I>en
nep would have won better handled. Mee
h£nus ridden to poor advantage. Bill Garrett
rttmed out of sorts. Going did not suit Yel
lowtail or True Blue. Scratched— Gold Or 117,
Dangerous Maid S6.
Betting— Frank Be!l, 7-2: Loving Cup, 25;
l«ennep, 8; Meehanus. 6: Bill Garrett. 2; .Yel
lciwta'.I, 5; True Blue, S.
I*»IO. FOl'RTH RACE-Mi!e and a sixteenth;
j^Ilinsr; three-y»ar-o!ds and up; purse, $400.
Iii'ler. H-Tfe, Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
UTS-ronanrro. r,. 1*... Mounce 6 2h 2 4 I »i
i;?; G. Sachem. f.,10i».HulImn 1 11 14 2S
17x3 Lnnelinoss. 3. SS. Webster 2 6 2 4 10 3 4
179« The Hu.Tn. 4. K'4. Rar.fch 4 3 4 3 1 4 8
17<<« P. Howard, 4. 107.J*>nkns 7 5 1 € 5 5 8
ICO None Such, fi. llJ.Dingly 3 7 7 6 5
1727 Campus, 5, itt.DOBl&lck 5 4 2 5 1 7
Time-l-i6. :C7: 5-16. :2:>*; 9-16. :wl4: 13-1S.
Z:Wz; mile. 1 '.¦»;'.»: 1 l-l€:n, 1:^1. Good ptart.
\\ on fir^t three driving. Winner. D. '.'ara
eror.'p ch. u. by Klambeau-Bonlar. Bullman
l(t Mounre through next the rail on the strHch
turn. I>in«'lineRg came from far back. Catn
rus In rxv.r phape. Scratched— Jim McCIeevy
112. Tivinkl* Twink IW. Satan 104.
Betttne — Klanurn, 9-~ ; Oranl Sachem. 16-3;
Loneliness, 10: The Uuftnon. IS; Sam Howard,
2t'; None Puch, 40; Campus, 2.
IS1K. THIRP RACE-Three furlongs; fcII
!rg; maiden two-yoar-nKp; purse. J3oO.
I:-<3ex. Horse, Wt, .Tooltoy. St. H- Str. Fin.
1757 Victoria S. K«..Hu!Iman 1 ... 14 14
3K.M) Pep Sauce. lW..RaaKfa 4 ... 3 5 2 h
J7S4 Monectlc. IV, Ralk 1 ... 2 2 3 5
l.M F Atfrbury, 10«. Woods S ... 4 1 4 1
173S l'reFtone K'l Mour.ce 5 ... o 1 5 1
Marelio. inii L. r>alyl0 ... 7 1 6 2
....Hard Knipht. ino...I>..m7 ... 6 i- 7 4
.... Pli-ter Ai'lne. 97... Stuart 9 ... 9 3 SI
.... A. Josephine. inC...Rnps 2 ... K H 9 >4
1~7 King H<rald. K2...Ke!lyll ... 10 10
ifTI Pres>tor,!an. J09...Frawlf>- 6 ... 11 11
1794-Mivs Krenfwd. lf*.Pollsl2 ... 12 12
Zf.TZ L*r:to, 106 Devln •
Time-H, :1I>»: V. :27U. r.afl start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner.
Kolix rarr - s b. f. by Pervire-Parolee. Hull
trifin on ¦rimer beat the harrier. Pepper Pjuce
would have been hot FtuflT if away better.
MonaFtlc will do. *Left. Scratched— Estado
l<v. Othello I".
netting— Victoria S, 7-10; Pepper Sauce. SO;
ilonartic. 2<\; Fifd Attrrbury. 12; Prestene, 5;
Marelio. 50: Hard Knicht. «: Sister Abbie. SOp
Alice Josephine, .IP; King Herald. 60; Pre^ton-
Ua, 50; M!*? Brentwood, 109; Lento, 40.
JS17. SECOND RACE— One mile; selllrg;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $310.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. *i. Str. Fin.
«;7S6)H:ea L'.on. 6, lll.Irtillrnar. 1 2 n 11 1 J
17!* Joe Klpley. a. 114. Brod'n 7 4 1 3 2 2 n
1KP7 I'arda. 6. 19 Mounce 3 5 2 4 3 3 3
ITS* R. Shannon. 4. lOy.K^lly 2 1 n 2 h 4 3
17S<« Rgrt-aster. a. lll.Jenkins t> 7 5 6 3 3 3
17^6 Com. Event 4, l^. L>->m 4 3 1 5 4 fi!
3*74 Rrd'mi'fn, S. lll.R.riero C 8 10 S 15 7 10
1?{* Urchin. 4. 10« Ransch S 6 1 7 2 * 10
K!2 Evirato, «. 113 Golden 9 9 9 9
Time— M. :I8; M, SI; %, 1:17; mile. 1:<3*.
Gool f-tart. Won earily. Serond and third
tfrlvmjr. Winr.er. Ca<«-ar Vcune's b. h. by Imp.
IVoeiver-'.Trjp. Soa View. With a stronger
rider up Ripley wouM have won. I'arda ran
her rare. £hann-*<n quit. Coming Event likes
s. fEFt track. Serau-he<1— Expedient.
Hettlnp— Sea Lion. 1-3: Joe Ripley. CO; Uarda,
€: Rio Shannon. 12: Ringmaster. 13; Coming
rivent. 12; Redemption, 100; Vrch'.n, 1J; Evi
roto, 300.
OAKLAND RACETRACK - Wednes
day. Feb. 13.— Weather showery. Track
Flow.
1S1G. FIRST RACE— Six furlor.ps; -three
yar-oldsj purse, J4C0.
Index H^rse. Wt. Jockey. St. 3 *. Str. Fin.
<ITP2)Pur.fre<?. 114 Jenkins 3 2 4 lh 1 *¦*
174S Scallawag. 114...M"unce 1 11 2 5 5 8
177? Rathcar lll...r>oni!nlck 4 3 4 3 2 3 4
I€o7 Liimu*. 114 IWln 2 4 1 ,4 4 4 4
ITS', Matilda O. 10?.. Bullman 5 5 a o
Tim«— i*. ::4't; l j. :4S"~*; *i. 1:16. Fair etart.
Won easily. Second end third driving. Wln
r*r. Hurr* & Watrrhouse'f V). g. by rhincombe-
F-mt Ixjve. Hunfree tra'.Ied Scaliawag and
then beat him at leisure. Litmus is a sulker.
Betl'ng— Punfre^. 6-f.; Pcallawag, 6-5; Rath
£j.r, :<; Mtmuj, 15; Matilda O, 30.
CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART
Tanforan Selections.
First Race —Genua, Talma, Alarys Garter.
Second Race —Handlcapper,,Donator, Vohicer.
Third Race—The Pride, Montanic. Prejudice.
Fourth Race—Telamon, Tuthlll, Pupil.
Fifth Race—Alee, Espirando, Brownie An
derson.
• Sixth Race —Star Chamber, Greenock, Loco
chee.
Sixth Race— One and a quarter "miles; four
year-olds and up; purse:
13S7 Star Chamber.l08|<1803)Artllla 104
1815 Locochee 1111 1719 R. d. Bandidos.lll
1784 Gi^eenock 1091 1789 Gonfalon 109
Fifth Race — Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; selling:
1788 St. -Anthony ..107 1353 Giocoso ...>.. ..107
1773 Alee 110 1756 Edlnborough ..110
1772 Kepirando 107 17« Kitty Kelly ...105
17S6 Novia 105-1803 B. i Anderson... 105
1619 Matt Hogan....l07|
Third Race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
up; purse:
1789 Advance Guardl22 (1727)TuthllI 113
1789 Gonfalon 109 1769 Telamon 103
1790 Castake ....100 162S Lavator 100
1789 Pupil 98 1707 Asian 92
17S3 Silurian 85 1709 MacGyle 95
Thrld Race— Seven furlongs; four- year-olds
and up; purse:
175S Montanic 104 1726 Prejudice 102
1628 Lavator .107 1676 Flush of Gold. 102
1798 Dunboy .107 1744 The Pride' 107
(172S)The Fhoentclanl07
Second Race— One mile; four-year-olds and
up: selling:
17S8 Donator 107 1802 Handlcapper ..113
1751 Mocorlto 105 1821 Goal Runner.. .107
1803 L. MeddlesomelO? 1751 Vohicer 105
First Race— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; selling: *
(17S9)Antagone 105 179S Talma 110
17S8 Vantine 105 1791 March Seven. ..105
(1776)Morelia 105 (178S)Genua 105
1788 C. H. Harrlsonl07 (181i))Vassal 107
(1788)Alarys Garter.. 105
Tanforan. Entries.
1815. SIXTH RACE-One mile; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %] Str. Fin.
<1781) Wyoming, a, 115. 0' Con' r 3 13 13 13
1733 Fondo, 3, S2...J. Walsh 4 3h 2 2 2 3
1803 Osmond, 5, 109.... Henry 6 2 3 3h 3 2
16S3 McNamara, 4. 104.. Daly 2 4 1 4 1 4 %
17fl Wm. Ack, 3, 86..Redfern 15 6 5 10 5 8
17SO Locochee, 6, 109 See 5 7 7 6 6
1764 Koenlff, 5, lll..Buch'an 7 6 10 6 6 7
Time-Vi, :26Vi; Vi, :51Vi; %. 1:1694; mile,
1:43H. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s
b. g. by Pardee-Caprlce. Wyoming outclassed
his field. Fondo beat of the others. Osmond
ran a fair race. Scratched— Imperious 109.
Betting— Wyoming, 1-2; Fondo, 18-5; Os
mond, 15; McXamara, 15; William Ack, ; 15;
Locochee, 30; Koenlg, 40.
1H14. FIFTH RACE-Five and a half fur
longs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. ?i. Str. Fin.
17V» Selde, 107 Henry 1 2 6 lh 13
1174 Courtier, 106....O'Coi ior 3 3 h 3 2 2n
(1428)Daingerfield, lla.Buclr'n 2 1 n 2 3 8 10
1*>1 Berendos, 103..Dangman 8 4 2 4 2 4 8
17!>3 Argot. 1(K» S« 7 8 8 5n
¦ 17S.1 The Hoodoo, 100.. Walsh 6 7 2 7 1 6 2
13ZZ Plratta, 105 Enos 5 5 1 5 2 "1
....Commuter, H3...Haslett 4 6 2 6 1 8
Time— 1-16, ;0C^;.5J6, :^jhi; 7-1G, :12%: 5<£f.
l:0S. Good start. Won- easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. c.
by Arra-Flossle. It was a gallop for Selde.
Courtier closed well. Daingerfield quit.
Scratched— Cougar 115, Haralamb 102, Straight
Shot 112.
Betting— Selde. 4-5; Courtier. 7-2; Dalnger
fleld, 13-5; Berenrlos. 8; Argot. 60; The Hoodoo.
200; Tirana, 30; Commuter, 500. . ¦
1S13. FOURTH RACE— One mile; match
race; three-year-olds; purse, 11200.,
Index. Horoe, Wt, Jockey. St. *i. Str. Fin.
<1789)Joe Frey, 115.. -.T. Burns 1 1 h 2 1 K
1747 Articulate. 115.. T. Sloan 2 2 1 h 2
Time— U. :26Vi: »4, :50%; %, 1:15%; mile, 1:42.
Good start. Won driving. Winner, J. F.
Schorr's b. c. by Belvidere-imp. Lady Hawk
stone. Frey best. • Sloan made a six furlong
pprint of it with. Articulate. Seven furlongs
is his route on a good track.
Betting— Joe Frey, 6-5; Articulate, 7-10.
1812. THIRD RACE— Two miles; steeple
chase; handicap; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$400.
Ind\x. Horse, Wt. Jockey. WJ. OJ. 11J. Fin.
1763 Lothian. 5, lSO.SuthTd 3 10 1 3 14 13
1745 Ches'fleld, a, 130.Brodle 1324 23 2h
lf,66 Eva Moe. 4, 12$. Tanner 2 6 3 3 3
Mellocole, 5, 133.H'ston'4 •
1782 Periwig, 6, 130.. Wilson t ¦ •••
Time — 4:06Vi. Good start. Won easing up.
Second and third driving. Winner, S. C.
Hildreth's b. g. by Imp. Mldlothlan-Loleta.
Lothian won as he pleased. Chesterfield tired
badly last half mile. Scratched— Credo 172, J
O C 123. 'Pulled up. fFell.
Betting— Lothian, 9-10; Lord Chesterfield, 4;
Eva Moe, 8; Mellocole, 8; Tcriwlg, 5.
181 1. SECOND RACE-Three Rnd a half
furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, 1350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vi- %• Fin.
1721 Sister Jeanie, 112.. Burns 3 ... 16 IS
17S7 Maraschino, 106.Huch'an 4 ... 3 h 2 1
1787 L. Maxim. 106.. O'Connor 2 ... 4 1 3h
17S7 Minerva, 103 Seel ... 2h U
1757 Sol, 112 Enos 5 ... 6 3 66 •
.... Irma A, 115 Hussell 6 ... 6 6
Time— 3-16, :1S; 7-16, :42',4. Good start. Won
oaslly. Second and third driving. Winner,
\V. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. f. by imp. Midlo
thian-Fannfe Louise. Slater Jpanie outclassed
her field and won in a walk. Maraschino fin
ished gamely. So did Maxim. Minerva weak
ly handled.
Bettinc— Sister Jeanie, 7-10; Maraschino, 6;
Legal Maxim, 5; Minerva, 6; Sol, 25; Irma
A. 200.
TANPORAN PAEK- Wednesday, Feb
13.— Weather showery. Track good.
1S1O. FIRST RACE-SU and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$J50.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. »;. Str. Fin.
1756 Vassal, a, 112. .O'Connor 2 14 1 Vi 1 h
1779 Billy Moore, 4. 109..Enos 1 2 i 2 1 2 1V4
1754 Salvado. 5, 115 Henry 7 4 2 3 Va 3 1
1723 Limelight, 5, 112.. Shields 3 7 4 % 4 4
1763 Saintly, 6, .119 Woods 0 6 2 6 1 5 2
1518 Ltzella, 6, U0...J. Daly 5 6 1 7 6 2
1C65 J. Reid, 5, 110-Buchanan 4 3h 5h 7
Time— 3-16, :\%\i; 7-16, :44; 9-16, :36H: <>W.
1:23. Good start. "Won first three driving.
Winner, G. B. Morris" br. g. by Jils Johnson-
Vixen. Vassal got best handling. Moore would
have won with equal jockeys. Saintly very
badly ridden. :
Betting:— Vassal, 15; Billy Moore, 4; Salvado.
4: Limelight, 50; Saintly, 6-5; Llzella, 20; Jen
nie Reid, 8.
CULL'S RACING FORM CHART
Selde won tbk fifth race, five and a half
furlongs, in a gallop. Courtier and Dan
gerneld. the second and third -.choices;'
came within the money.' but that was all.
Wyoming, a 1-2 favorite in the one mile
event, was farand away ahead of his
field. Fondo and Osmond, at good odds,
got the place and show. _ . -
The steeplechase with Credo and J O C
scratched was a gift for Lothian. Wilson
on Periwig was thrown early in the race,
and all that was left was Lothian and
Lord Chesterfield, Mellocole not counting
and Eva. Moe losing heart, strength and
courage at the stretch.
Favorites- ruled with a high hand yes
terday the first race and the match eyent
excepted. A fair crowd, betting freely,
unloaded on the choices and the books
were punished in several instances. Vas
sal with O'Connor up won at 15-1 In the
first race over six and a half furlongs.
Saintly, the favorite, was too pious for
the Tanforan track and no money was pu
on his plate.
Sister . Jeanie. Jennings' two-year-old,
made the rest of the family appear like
rank outsiders In the three and a half
furlongs race. For a time Minerva, win
some and coy, closed in. but the Sister
was too strong and speedy. Sister Jeanie
was hlKh priced, 7-10 being the best of
fered. Maraschino punched a place in this
race.
Burns rode a clever race and the same
can be said for Sloan. Joe Frey, who at
tached the $1200 purse, proved by this mile
run that he is one of the best, if not the
best, colts now working in California. The
time was 1:42, two seconds slower than
the track record, but the going was pasty.
Articulate was a 7-10 favorite and a block
of money was bet on Joe Frey at 6-5. The
books handled plenty of coin ca the race,
many of them laying "odds against one
horse.
This race, the fourth on the card, was
over the mile route. Tommy Burns pilot
ing Joe Frey. the winner, and Tod Sloan
once more mounted on Articulate. From
post to wire both these ¦ three-year-olds
hoofed their sticky way in as pretty a
match race as has ever bten seen itt the
Tanforan track. Little time was wasted
at the post. Burns getting away a length,
ahead of Sloan, who seemed anxious to
take the wake at the start. Burns held
the rail throughout the race, and his Judg
ment -of, pace and his careful, sure riding
was superb. Up the back stretch both
horses seemed to skim over the top rail
neck and neck. The crowd in the stand
roared flrsr for one and then for the oth
er, for it was either's race. When the
fast moving oquine.s turned into the
stretch Articulate had the advantage by
a head and it was the only time that
Joe Frey was drum majored. Then came
the finish. Frey. full of strength, game
ness and speed, darted out. Burns seemed
anxious and he looked behind him only
to find Sloan riding easily and cunningly
sure of his race. But this was bravado on
Sloan's part. He knew full well that hi»
mount could not overtake Joe Frey and
he worried Tomniv Burns, who then
started to drive. Both riders lashed their
horses down the stretch and when the
wire was reached the daylight showed a
thin ribbon between Joe Frey and Ar
ticulate.
should have been between Artic
ulate and Canmore, whose respective
owners have been •wasting breath ana
tongue motion ever since the four-corner
ed event which resulted in a victory for
Canmore with Articulate second. Accord
ing to agreement, the race was to be de
clared off if the track was anything but
dry and fast, so Canmore was not run
and Instead J. F. Schorr entered his great
three-year-old. Joe Krey.
ppyj-^HK one-mile match race between
! Joe Frey and Articulate caught
I the Tanforan visitors yesterday
}\ afternoon. As scheduled, the race
By Louis Honig.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
Corrlgan. which won on Monday at Oak
land, is the first of the get of imp. Sain
to win. Barney .Schre'.ber, the colt's
owner, says he has some others by the
same sire at his Woodlands farm that can
lose Corrlgan.
The major portion of the Itooks quit
well ahead on the play at Oakland.
Following are the weights for the San
Francisco Handicap. $10,000 added, to be
run at Tanforan Park on' Saturday next:
Advance Guard 121. Waring 117, Vesuvlan
110. The Lady 113, Vulcain 113. Andn'sa 110.
St. Simonian 10S, Gonfalon 106, Specific 103,
Joe Frey 105. Canmore 104. Greenock 103,
Autumn 102. Handlcapper 102. Star Cham
ber 102. Imperious 101, Owensboro 100, Bru
tal 100. Florizar 100. Vain 9S. Lavator 93,
MacGyle 95, Beau Ormonde 92.
Track Hotes.
Tom Ryan's Goal Runner went to the
post favorite over Sir Hampton for the
concluding event, but failed to make it.
Passing Mis-s Rowena in the stretch. Sir
Hampton, with little to spare, stepped in
first by more than a length.
Had a stronger rider than little Brodien
been on the back of Joe Ripley it Is more
than probable Sea Lion, the 1 to 3 favor
ite for the second number, would have
been counted out. As It happened. Sea
Lion took the lead whon half the journey
was over, and ridden out only beat the
old stake horse two lencths. Sixty to one
was laid against Ripley.
Bullman followed the vrin*up by land
ing Victoria S winner of the two-year
old dash. A warm favorite, the Service
filly clipped away at the start, winning
from Pepper Sauce by four lengths. The
winner is owned by ex-Jockey Felix Carr.
Only by vigorous riding, with a dash of
luck tossed in. did Mounce get home a
head before Grand Sachem for the mile
and a sixteenth selling event. Ilullman
on Sachem with the lead allowed Mounce
through next the rail turning into the
stretch, which probably cost the Indian
named horne the race. Flamero closed a
9 to 5 favorite. "Webster finished third on
Loneliness. "
A fair-sized crowd witnessed the racing
at the track across the bay, and the bet
ting assumed much larger proportions
than on .any previous day of the week.
The downfall of rain left the track slow
and inclined to ball up under the horses'
feet. 1- rank K'ell. excellently ridden by
Hullman. defeated a collection of fast
ones for the 51000 Belmont handicap at
odds of <5 to 1. In the other events fa
vorites were four times past the judges
in front. Bullman's work was of the bril-
Uant order throughout, four of the suc
cessful horses reaching the goal with the
California lad in the saddle. Altogether
it v.as a day's sport diiflcult to surpass.
So nicely were the weights on the seven
starters for the handicap adjusted that
Bill Garrett. with 115 pounds up. was fa
vorite, at odds of 2 to 1. The heavy track
militated against the chances of Yellow
tall and True Blue, the odds against both
receding in the ring. Frank Bell's price
drifted from 2 to 6 and he furnished the
surrrise. Outbreaking his field to a pret
ty start. Bullman let the fast sprinter
sift along in the lead, and, though Bell
anxiously waited for corners to be called,
lasted long enough to beat the light
weighted 26 to 1 j?hot. Loving Cup. a head.
Lennep, astride which Stuart managed to
breuk it up very badly, finished third, lap
ped on the leaders. Bill Garrett did not
show to any particular advantage.
Killing equal choices in the ring. Dun
free, with Jenkins up, defeated Scallawag
with ease for the first sprint. Rathgar
took the show from Litmus.
without a peer in the starters'
stand. Tj-ill make his debut before a Cali
fornia racing public. During 1 the early
part of the meeting now !n progress at
New Orleans Holtman dispatched the
fields in the absence of Fitzgerald, and
his splendid work was a striking feature
of the Southern city's session of sport.
While stern in compelling adherence to
his rules and methods, the ncw> starter
commands the respect of owners and
riders alike.
ps»j7->3HE i»ilver-haired veteran James F.
i Caldwell wielded the flag for the
| last time at Oakland yesterday.
11 This afternoon "Jake" Holtman.
By F. E. Mulholland.
AT OAKLAND TRACK
Frank Bell Captures Belmont Handicap at Oakland— "Jake" Holt>
man, the Great Starter, Will Begin Work To-Day.
JOE FREY SUBSTITUTING CANMORE
BEATS ARTICULATE AT TANFORAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, .1901.
Union Park Directors Provide Rich Prizs for
Washington's Birthday Meeting.
OFFER SILVER PLATE
FOR COURSING STAKE
BEAUTIFUL SILVER TROPHY WHICH WILL GO TO THE WINNER OF
THE CALIFORNIA PLATE COURSING EVENT, SECOND ONLY TO
THE BIGGEST STAKE OF THE YEAR.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stagro
of the Diseas3.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the Stats
Medical Institute. ZC3 Elektron building; Fort
Wayne, Intl., the most remarkable Blood Pol-
son cure ever heard of. It has cured all such
Indications as mucous patches In Use mouth,
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
ulcerations of the body, and In hundreds of
cases where, the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass of bolls,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful specific has
completely changed the whole body Into a
clean, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking- this new and mar-
velous cure, and to enable those who cannot ,
travel to realize what a truly marvelous work
the Institute Is accomplishing they will send
Jree to every sufferer a free trial treatment, so
that every one can cure themselves In tha pri-
vacy of their own home. This ts th« only
known cure for Blood Poison. Do not hesi-
tate to write at once and the free trial will be
gent sealed In plain pack age.
£?s^^Q££2£j^£2i4£i^3(£2^ftuy I L 3 v J i
WHEN TOU ARE TIRED OS* BKINO
humbugged and spending large suras o£
money with physlelanj vho give no relief, you
will at last. If you desire a cur*, be obliged to j
as« the VITAL RESTORATIVE treatment,
which is the only certain cure for weakening
Sralna, lost power and physical decay.
Call or write for book of special advice; also
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE, and be convinced. Ad-
dress DR. COOPER & CO.. SIS Ke&ray it, JJ.JF.
sf% I ¦ A 1 f\ Laflln Sk Rand Waterproof
¦ Hi IAhV" Smokeless Powder. In bu'.*
l_| I |u and loaiSe.l in shells. S«nd
Iwe ¦ ror cataloguo of gporttn?
W W I S V « 00d3 - GE0 - V7. SUKEVE.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th# cur* of GOXORRHOEA, OLEET9 '
STRICTURE3 and analogous complaints of tfcaV
Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by drugjlsta»MRS. CLARA "KLUGE-SUTRO," CONTESTANT OF SUTRO WILL, WHOM
THE HIBERNIA BANK INSISTED SHOULD AFFIX HER SIGNATURE
TO A BIG MORTGAGE GIVEN BY THE HEIRS.
bloody— The gentleman and I agreed on
the necessity for holding down appropria
tions. The trouble is that he always votes
for them, while I vote against them.
Corliss of. Michigan spoke in favor of
the construction of a Pacific cable. Upon
points of order made by Olmstead of
Pennsylvania, the appropriation of $115,
000 for a tender for the inspector of the
Ninth Lighthouse District. 5115.000 for a
tender for the engineer of the Ninth
Lighthouse District and $120,000 for a ten
der for the Tenth District, $100,000 for a
tender for the Thirteenth District and $30.
000 for a tender for the Sixteenth District
were stricken from the bill.
At 5:45 the House adjourned.
B— — Y the recording yesterday of two
mortgages on property belonging
to the Sutro estate, the heirs
have been forced to recognize In
directly the claims of Mrs. Clara
Kluge, who has contested the Sutro will
because Mr. Sutro disinherited h«r two
children, whose father, she alleses, wa?
the dead millionaire. The two Instruments
were filed In the Recorder's ohice and the
property is mortaged for $476,930 with the
Hibernia Bank.
One of the Instruments bears the name
of the Sutro heirs and the other that of
Mrs. Clara "Kluge-Sutro." The property
involved Includes many outside block*
contiguous to Point Lobos avenue, an^
one of the best pieces of inside prooerty
Included In the mortgage list Is at tho
coner of Battery and Jackson streets.
Some time ago Mrs. Emma L. Merrltt,
as executor of the will, applied to'Judg;
CofCey for leave to mortgage certain real
property of the estate In order to liquidate
pressing ¦ debts. The application was
granted and Mrs. Merritt applied to thj
Hibernia Bank for a loan of $500,000. Tlie
bank officials agreed to make the loan,
but Insisted that Mrs. Clara "Klusre-Su
tro," who Is contesting ¦ the will, should
join with Mrs. Merritt and the other helra
in the execution of the mortgage. While
Mrs. Merritt does not recognlzo the
claims of Mrs. Kluge to a share of her
father's estate, she realized that the con
testant was a factor in the litigation )n
which the estate is Involved. It was
therefore necessary to see Mrs. Klug*.
who was not averse to signing the moit
gnges, as It would be an indirect recoi^nl
tlon of her claim on the estate. Ex-Jus
tlce Van R. Paterson, her attorney, met
with Reuben H. Lloyd and other counsel
for the executors, and the mortgages wero
drawn up and signed by the interested
parties.
Ex-Justice Paterson denies that any
compromise has been talked about. He
declares that Mrs. Kluge has a stron?
case and points to the fact that the Hlbe'*
nla Eank declined to take any chances
unless Mrs. Kluge's consent to figuring
ns a mortgagor was first obtained. TI13
Kluge contest will come up in Judi?e
Coffey's court to-morrow, when a deflnlto
date for the hearing: will be set.
Contestant Joins in Giving Heavy Mortgage on Valu=
able Property Belonging to Estate.
SUTRO HEIRS ARE FORCED
TO RECOGNIZE MRS. KLUGE
It Is alleged that rites stick more closely
just before a rain in fear of being blown
away by sudden winds. .
SENATORS SPEAK
OF 0T1VAGAIICE
Declare Appropriations Are
Increasing Much Too
Rapidly.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— With the ex
ception of an hour and a half, consumed
in counting the electoral vote and pro
mulgating the result of the Presidential
election, the House devoted to-day to the
sundry civil appropriation bill. General
debate upon this measure was completed,
but little actual progress was made with
tho bill. Fifteen of the 134 pages of the
bill were disposed of.
The sundry civil bill was taken up when
the session opened and Bell of Colorado,
a member of the Appropriations Commit
tee, began a speech on the extravagance
of the present Congress. He said the
people had become alarmed at the rapid
growth of expenditures. So callous had
Congress become to vast increases in the
appropriations, he. said, that it was con
sidered almost disreputable to call atten
tion to the extravagance of the Govern
ment. He produced figures to show that
in a single decade the per capita cost of
carrying on the governmental machinery
had increased from $4 75 to over S10. .
• Cockran of Missouri also made an, at
tack upon the recklessness of the appro
priations in this Congress. He declared
that ,the total for the next year, if reck
oned in gold, would exceed the appropria
tions of 1864, when the Federal Govern
ment had 1200 ships on the sea maintain
ing a blockade from Galveston to» the
Chesapeake and 1,000,000 men on land en
gaged in the most tremendous military
enterprise in the history of the age. Later,
speaking of our policy in the Philippines
and China, Cockran said:
"Talk about progress and Christianity,
if, progress and Christianity mean-march
ing under many flags of plunderers, and
the swords of Christian soldiers, dripping
in the blood of plundered people, it is time
to quit or fling away the masquerade and
say 'Progress has turned freebooter, Chris
tianity slumbers and God is dead.' "
(Democratic applause.)
Cockran also argued that from any
standpoint the "game" in the Philippines
was not worth the cost. "We have al
ready," said he, "spent money enough
there to build the Nicaragua canal, to
construct what new* warships we need,
and we are to-day no nearer peace than
when the first gun was fired."
Richardson of Tennessee also com
mented upon the vast total of appropria
tions at this session, which, he said,
would reach JSOO.000.000. Four years ago,
when President < McKinley' s administra
tion began, the annual appropriations
were about $470,000,000. He conceded that
appropriations would Increase, but whv,
he asked; this prodigious increase of over
three hundred millions. The war had
been over two years and could not be
charged with these increases, for the In
creases were not confined to tho army and
navy appropriation bills. There was an
increase in every one of the appropriation
bills.
"Did you not vote for the river and
harbor and the appropriation bills?" he
was asked.
"What if. I did?" replied Richardson.
"I could not stand here and hold back ap
propriations, for liabilities have been
created."
Moody of Massachusetts challenged
Richardson to point out a single appro
priation in the sundry civil bill that could
be omitted. Richardson said he would
do so.
"While the gentleman Is talking about
cutting down expenses," observed Moody
"I will ask him whether he did not vote
for a soldiers' home in Tennessee?"
Richardson— I did. It passed unanimous
ly. I bellevo.
Moody— It did not. I voted against It.
Did not the gentleman also vote for the
Bowman act claims?
Richardson— I did.
Senator Frye said consent already had
been given to dispense with the rormal
reading of the certificate, but he thought
It mignt be necessary to read the certifi
cate of Arkansas, owing to a slight irreg
ularity. Tills showed that one or the elec-,
tors had been absent and that the Gover
nor had appointed a substitute. The cer
tificate was not challenged, however, and
the tellers proceeded to announce tho re
sult. '
A lapsus linguae by General Grosvenor,
when he announced the vote of Colorado,
created a general outburst of merriment.
Ho announced that Colorado had cast
four votes for William J. Bryan of Ne
braska for President and four for Theo
dore Roosevelt . of . J>Jew i York for Vice
President. " ' "
"Oh, oh, no, shouted Richardson, on©
of the Democratic tellers, while, the mem
bers and spectators joined in the laugh
that followed. Grosvenor corrected the
error. .
. The certificates were not uniform and
the operation of opening the bulky pack
ages and seeking out the result was at
tended with many delays. When Mary
land's eight votes were announced for
McKinley and Roosevelt there was a
sliprht ripple of applause, and the same
response was made to the announcement
of Nebraska's vote. General Grosvenor
announced the vote of the President's
own State, but It created no demonstra
tion. ' . .
Upon the conclusion of the announce
ment of the vote the tellers formally as
certained the totals.
Senator Chandler announced the total
vote cast as 447, of which William Mc-
Kinley -of Ohio received for President 292
and William J. Bryan of Nebraska 155,
and of which Theodore Roosevelt of New
York received for Vice President 292 and
Adlai E. Stevenson of Illinois 155. There
upon, In accordance with the statute.
Senator Frye proclaimed the state of
vote as delivered to him. He said: -'-.'
"This announcement of the state of vote
by the President of the Senate is by law
a sufficient demonstration that William
McKinley of Ohio has been elected Presi
dent and that Theodore Roosevelt has
been elected Vice President for the term
beginning March 4, 1901, and will be en
tered together with a list of the votes on
the Journals of . the House and Senate.
The count of electoral votes having been
completed and the. result declared, the
Joint meeting of the two houses is dis
solved and the Senate will now return to
Its chamber."
A tremendous outburst of applause then
swept over the galleries, the Senate filed
out x>f the . hall and * tho r ceremony ¦ was
ended. i<*UiW*iWw l iiHii'WjwwnMtw>ii*Hf?M
This remark created general laughter.
Thereupon Senator Chandler read in eje
tenso the certificate of the vote of Ala
bama, giving 11 votes for William Jen
nings Bryan of Nebraska for President
and 11. votes for Adlal E. Stevenson of
Illinois for Vice President. When Sena
tor Caffery was about to read the certifi
cate of the State of Arkansas, Senator
Cockrell of Missouri addressed the chair:
"Can we not dispense with the reading
of these certificates," he asked, "and have
simply the result announced? I think we
can trust the tellers."
"The Senate and the House of Repre
sentatives of the United States," he an
nounced, "are In joint session pursuant to
the constitution and laws of the United
States, for opening the certificates and
counting the votes for electors for Presi
dent and Vice President of the United
States. If there Is no objection, tho for
mal portions of the certificates will be
omitted. The certificate of the State of
Alabama will be read by the tellers, who
will make a list of votes therefrom."
At 12:45 proceedings in the House were
suspended and five rows of seats upon the
right of the hall were vacated for the
members of the Senate. At one minute of
1 o'clock Colonel Ramsdell, sergeant at
arms of the Senate, appeared at the main
door opposite the Speaker's desk and an
nounced the President pro tern, and mem
bers of the Senate. The members of the
House rose to receive them, while page,
boys carrying the caskets in which the
electoral returns were deposited took them
to the clerk's desk.
Senator Frye, President pro tern, of the
Senate, ascended the rostrum and took
his place at the right of Speaker Hender
son to preside over the Joint session. Ex-
Vice President Adlal K. Stevenson pre
sided over the joint session when the
electoral vote was counted four years ago.
Immediately below Speaker Henderson
and Senator Frye at the clerk's desk were
the tellers of the two houses. Senators
Chandler of XeW Hampshire and Ca.ffery N
of Louisiana and Representatives Grosve
nor of Ohio and Richardson of Tennessee,
flanked on either hand by the secretary
of the House, Mr. Bennett, and the clerk
of the House, Mr. McDowell. Still below
them on .the floor, the other officers of
the House and Senate ranged themselves
in front of the marble rostrum.
Senator Frye rapped loudly for order
when all were seated. .
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.-The ceremony
of counting the electoral vote for Presi
dent and Vice President cast at the elec
tion last fall took place In the hall ot
the House of Representatives at 1 o'clock
to-day at a joint session of the House and
Senate. The method of counting the vote
is prescribed with great detail by the stat
utes and was followed literally to-day.
Great crowds thronged the galleries to
witness the Interesting spectacle.
The Ceremony Officially Ob
served by Joint Session
of Congress. .
ELECTORAL VOTE
IS CANVASSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1901.
5
THE day was when men of prominence
hesitated to give their testimonials to
proprietary medicines for publication.
This remains true to-day of most pro-
prietary medicines. But Peruna has be-
come so justly famous, its merits are
known to so many people of high and low
stations, that no one hesitates to see his
name in print recommending Peruna.
The highest men in our nation have
given Peruna a strong Indorsement. Men
representing all classes and stations are
equally represented.
A dignified representative of the Presby-
terian church, in the person of Rev. E. G.
Smith, does not hesitate to state publicly
that he has used Peruna In his family
and found it cured when other remedies
failed. In this statement the Rev. Smith
is supported by an elder in his church.
Rev. E. G. Smith, pastor of the Presby-
terian Church of Greensboro, Ga., writes:
"Having used Peruna In my family for
some time it gives me pleasure to testify
to Us true worth My little boy 7 years of
age had been suffering for some time with
catarrh of the lower bowels. Other reme-
dies had failed, but after taking two bot-
tles of Peruna the trouble almost entirely
First Presbyterian Church of Greensboro, Ga., and Its Pastor and Elder.
disappeared. For this special malady I
consider it well nigh a specific. As a tonlo
for weak and worn out people it has few
or no equals."— Rev. E. G. Smith.
Mr. M. J. Rossman. a prominent mer-
chant of Greensboro. Ga., and an elder
In the Presbyterian Church of that place,
has used Peruna, and In a recent letter to
the Peruna Medicine Co. of Columbus,
Ohio, writes as follows:
"For a lone time I was troubled with
catarrh of the kidneys and tried many
remedies, all of which gave me no relief.
Peruna was recommended to me by sev-
eral friends, and after using a few bot-
tles I am pleased to say that the Ions
IooKed for relief was found, and I am now
enjoying better health than I have for
years, and can heartily recommend Peru-
na to all similarly afflicted. It is certainly
a grand medicine." — M. J. Rossman.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable advice
gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of tha
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
RAILWAY TBAVEL
MH'THru.i ruiru! compaiTi
(r*cirio ststcm.1
* Mil"riu!iicim:o.
J* (M»ln Line. Foot of Market Ssreet) V- 1 r -. • * \
t»AT« — FBOM JASCART 1. 1301. — ABUT!
?:3»aBerJcU. Sulsun, Efcnir*. Vmc»»U}«.
Ronuey »nd .Sacr»oieuto. ......... Ti-s3r
7:S0a DitU, Woodlaad. Knight* Landing.
MarjtTille. Orofllle, .I H3p
TiSOa Atlantic Kipress— Ogden aod Eut 13tIS»
8:O<» » M aninex. Sau ltarnou, Vallejo. Napa.
CalUtnga aiwl Manta Row SilSp
¦:Mi5ati, Ll«ennore. Tracy. L»throp.
Stockton • ?>13r
• :3i» a Shut* ¥ tpress— D»tU, Willl»mj (for
Bartlett SprtopX Willows, £»t
Bluff, Portland...- - 7i43f
• ¦an* Sail Jc««. U»ermore. Stockton. Q <t
Inn*. Sacra.i.rnio. FlmeorriU*.
M«ry»»lll«. Chlco. U«l UluiT 4il.1y
¦ iSOa Oakdate, Chlaeaa. 6ouor*. Carton... «il»r
!•:««!» lUjwirJn, Nilrsand W»y SUtloni. 1Ij43a
SiOWaLm Anceles Express— iUrtlnei,
Tracy. Lalhrop. .Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Loa Aazalea TiJSf
n.sto* ValJ-Jo. Mutlnoa »mt W»y Buttons »i«3p
I 0:OOa Tho OrorUnrt lAmlted.— Ogdeo. Dn.
Ter, O'naha, Chicago ••¦«S»
IIsOOa NUes, 8tooktOD, Hacramento, Men-
dota. Fresno, lUnford. VUmlla,
rorwnlllo •••— «l!3»
lliOO* Lirermore. SanseT. Goahen Jnn*
tloo. BikenfieUt Lo» Aaeelrs..... . •: -*
tl:OOr>8»cr»mentoKlTorSt««in«i« ..... !»•••*
SiOOr Hafwards, Nilrs aod Way SUtlons. 0i4Sr
4iu«»r Mnrtlu*x. Hun lUraon. Vallejo,
Nairn. Uati»t<>««. Qanta Itosa BiI3a
4iO«r Oenieia. Winters. ttaeramontat
Wwxllaml. Knlghte Landing.
M.r;Millr. Oro«llle ¦J'fJ*
4<Sn r Hsyw*rds. tiUtm an.l Ran Jim*. ...... t*"*!*
8:00p NUes. LlTermore, Stoektnn. LodI ... 10t43*
«3«OOr8uo$e» Limited. El Pas* Naw
' Orleans and KuL oIOiISa
3:OOrTh« Owl IJmlted— Tracr. Fimoo.
BakersaelJ. baugu* tor tianta Bar-
b«ra. Loa Anselea. l*i!34
8sO«r New Orleans Express— »aker»n«M.
Hanta lUrli*r», U* An?9le*. Dem;
Ing. £1 r»io. New Orleans aud
Kast 7«4ll4
«j«*»p naiwarda, Nile* and Has Jose ** 4 **
1«:OOr V»lli)J< llrtS*
tttoor Oriental Man— Ogden. Cbeyenoa,
Omsba, Chicsgo I*il3r
•tOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Deatw.
Omaha. Chioafo. 4il3»
7i«Or Ocetoii and California Kzpreis,Hao.
r».»«.t... War,..lil^ lt..WI»«.
l-ortl.tMl. ruget Moiu.il ami K.m» S>43a
l>Mr Sta Pablo. P»r» Cost*. Maitiaes ....
anA Way Stations 11.43*
l«t»ap Valli-jo ?»«»»
COAST IIITISIO.N (Narroif <Uage).
¦:-/.' }* (Foot of M»rk«i 3tra«>.>
¦il3*Ne-narlc.C>iit«r»Illr.H»nJoso.F«lton.
Botildor Creek.Saiita Cms and nay
SUUons ••*•»
{3il9r Hewark, CenterTllle; &a» Jose, New
AlinaJeD. Foltou. Itonlder Creek. •
Santa Crm and rrinotpal Way
Stations !•••••»
4t«5p Newark, H«n Jose. Los Gatos 8t»«*
o»:30r Hunters' Exetaslon, 8»n Jos» and
Way8Utions t>****
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroaSi* rBiUCIiCO— f»U ••' Hark«t Skut (Sli» S).—
TT:15 t:00 11:00a.m. 1:» trt» BrlSp.m-
From Oakland— Foot of Broadway.— f« » ttM
10:(0a,m. 12:00 1:00 « :00a. m.
CUAKT DIVISION (Broa<l»aHge).
. ffhlr.1 in-d Townseml Sto.)
1«:IO» Ocean View. ,"*o.itn a»n Francim.. t»i;»«r
7iO»A Ban Jo»e a.nl Way SUUons (New
- Altna.de>! WeJnWajsonlj) MttOr
••••4 Hau Jo*». Tres Piiios. HaiiU CniS.
PaeiCe «lroT«. l'*»> ItoWea. Han
I.mI* OMaiHik- 8«»f. Lompoo an4
rrJi»elpal W.y 8tatlot.a J'lJ*
in: to* Ban Joea and Way HtaUons. ••»»*
I H2O* Hsu Jose and W»y SUtfons ........ ««»0»
iSi4Sr San.Mateo. Kedwooit. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jom.
Tres Plnoa. HanU Cnix. Saltoa*
Monterey •".I Padflo Otot. 1l 2*;2t
fj|i«l»p flan Jose an.l Way Hlatloiia ........ 2»3»P
1 1 : 1 » r San Jose aud Principal Way SUMons »«^3 a
13:«0*Sa n Jow. Los Gate aod Prlodpil
- Way Stations fwMF«4
Srsar Ban Jow »u<l Principal Way Stations »«**»
A:nop9auJosaau.l Wa, Stations **,«!
qil:-l5f Sail JcseawtWay Stations »»«*r
tRnndayeirepted. X8«a«af«P.
• Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays.
c Tunday*. Thursdays, aundaxa.
aSalurda*only. •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S*usallte> F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRAN'CISCO TO MILL VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 8:53. "9:1s. 11:00 a. m..-«l:43.
1:15. 4:00. 6:15. *«:13. 6:40 p. m.
EXTIIA TRIPS— Kor Mill Valley and Sam
Rafael en .Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SL'NI>AYS-*3:0O. •10:00. »H:M a. m.. «1:JJ»
1:15. '4:43. 6:30. 9:C0 p. m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY8-6:20. *S:30. 7:45, 9:30 a, m..
•12:30, 1:45. '3:30. 4:20. 5:M p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. •*:«>. nO:0O. '11:45 a. m..
•1:40, *2:15. 4:45. »«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 3AN FRANCISOX
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. »:30 a. rn».
12:35. 2:10. S:30. 4:M. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
t-nd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUXDAYS-S:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:C5. 2:13, 1:30,
5:00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
* 6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. *
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way.
stations. JBBQ
8:03 a. ra. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations. • ¦
¦ - ¦
/^~\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, f^
• L^ 629 HEARST ST. Established
¦ fl**4^t«Vl» »*3-* tor th» treatment nf PrlYata
EB > V>*gy Dl^ases, I-rwt Manuo<xl. Debllltr or
. jMflpSjESJb'il-'-a^ wearlnson hody anil mind aod
I S^HHaHS^In Diseases. The Doctor «7f • •;)<•«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PRESBYTERIAN PASTOR
PRAISES PE=RMA
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pure, Sweet,
Delicious.
This is the kind of pastry
that WHITE COTTOLENE
makes— crusts that melt, bis-
cuits that are "wholesome and
appetizing, everything the best
and most satisfying:. If you have
nevertriedWHITE COTTO-
LENE, you don't know how
much superior a pure vegetable
product, whi : h is odorless, taste-
less and neutral, is to greasy,
impureand unheallhful heg fat.
White
Cottolene
is highly recommended by
prominent physicians every-
where, and is used by exp;rt
cooks and discriminating; house-
wives in preference to :'ll other
cooking fats. You can always
have appetizing and whole-
some food if you use Cottolene.
*5225=SJ3!» The N.K.Fs!rbank Company,
, jpt~3IBiA Chlceg»-Solo Manufacturers.
FDFF I Otlr dainty booklet.
laSpS^W&jH rftLL, . » A public Secret. •*
aESQ^ffiffl mailed free to any address.
3|M|Ca.'SVy/ilaBt- » For two 2c stamps we will
TSgSj^SSff.' send free our 125-page recipe
book. "Homo Helps." edited
! P. S.— Notio'g Fat in COTTOLENE
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHW-ESTERN RY. Cft
LESSSH
SA?I FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Fcry. Foot of Market St
Run Frnncisco tr» Snn Rafne'.
TIBURON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:*;. 1:00. U:00 a. m.: U:35. S:».
6:10, «:J0 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip at ll:M
p. m. Baturdar»— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:80 p. m.
SUKDAYS-S:00, »:S0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, I:W. 5:00,
1:20 p. m.
.San Rafael to Snn Frnncisco. *
WEEK DATS- 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; U:4*.
(:40. S:10 p. m. Katurdayu— Extra trips at 1:M
EDd «:35 p. m.
EUNDAYS-8:10, 1:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40, S:6i,
C:K p. m. «. • ¦ . -*
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park.
tame echedule aa abov. . .
I^eave I In Kflect I Arrive
Bun Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. | San Fraftcl«o.
WeeU I 6un- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 am S:40 in
1:20 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, « :05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pm 6:0 pro
Fulton. . •¦ '
7:30 am " Windsor. 10:15 am
Healdsburs.
¦ • Lytton.
G^servllle,
t-.Vi pm 8:00 am Cloverdala. 7:»5 pm «:a pm
7:20 ami- I Hopland ,| -I ""
I S:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
7: JO am 10:25 am
1:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
»:S0 pm 6:28 pm
7:30cm 8:00am Sonoma' 9:15am 8:40am
./.::... - : ¦ . ¦ : - and ¦
E:10pm 5:C0pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:S0am| 8:00 ami " ; 110:40 am|10:25 am
.8:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:85 pm| 6:M pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie "West
Bprina-B and 'White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: *t
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdald
for - tho Geysers; -at' Hopland - for Duncan
EprlnKS Highland Springs. - Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Sprints. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlstt
Bprlnss: at Uklah lor Vichy springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlngs. Upper ; Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
1 John "Day* i. Riverside. Llerley* s, Buckneir ».
Banhedrin Heights. HullvJlle. Orr^s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City."- Fort Bragg. • Westport. Usal.
Willetts, Laytonvllle. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs,
Harris Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rt»
duced ' rate*. .' ' " ¦ '¦--.-
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of fle*. , 650 : Market St., Chronicle build.
ing. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦••- » H.^X ( RTAW.'-. ¦"*
«. C WHITINO. aea.Ptia.Aru
Gca. Manager.
The Dutch are to engage In a project
as vast aa that of building a Nicargua
canal. It Is-, estimated that It will take
eight years to build the immense dykes
leading to the sea and twenty-four years
more to finish the work, and that, the to-
tal cost will be at least $80,000,000 and more
likely $100,000,000. But as a result 530,000
acres will have been reclaimed, of which
It Is expected that 600,000 acres wUl prove
admirable for agricultural purposes.—
Boston Globe.
Reclamation of the Zuyder Zee.
NUMBERS
..OF THE..
Monterey Company,
LIMITED.
February 12, 1901.
51^345 ....... . $30,000
Sold in Montemorelos, Msxico.
59,245 .. ..... ... .$10,000
Sold In Albion, Illinois^
41,332..... ..... $5,000
Sold in Monterey, Mexico.
11,875.. .., $1,000
Sold in Syracuse, N. Y., and Dallas,
. ' . Texas. ¦ |
53,568....;:. .;.. $1,000^
Sold in Brunswick, Maine.
75;i84... .......... $1,000
Sold in Alexandria^ Virginia.
NUMBERS
—or the —
Honduras National Lottery Co,
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
TPATEXT APPLIED FOR-1
Single Number, Class "B," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., Sat-
urday, February 9, 1001.
No. rriw.lXo. yzize.'.So. Prize.
&J 16, 134 li| W2 16
S3* 40| 2S5 l*i <2Z 16
'.''¦» -4; 812 Hj i-'i 16
: -.•:¦ Ito, lUS. 16, 14s* 24
153 14' 15^3 40' 1710 40
1*01 40] 1SV5 2t\ ZV3Z 16
•1S4 2t Tivl lt>! 22l» 40
LoM 161 2>a 24 :m;5 16
2704 24; 1'764 16 3043 bO
E19T l«i, 21, 2333 40
3420 24, 34f7 kt>; 3508 4(1
£47 bC ZO1 1«' 3S33 40
Sill 80l 3922 «0 4142 16
4145 24 4».> 16. 4iM 1«
<jf7 211 4«14 24, 4732 t'4
•iTi3 16 4T47 » 497S 16
tu21 161 1208 ' 24; 5219 16
5504 16, 65S0 16; &U 24
6124 16 Ci'l 1« «310 lti
W44 24j C41'8 16, C23 24
C6I5 2»' 6676 14 1 66S2 hO
6GS6 24 c::0 24| €910 16
707S 16 .:"<) 24| "3C1 40
TS3I) «0 73t? 54 1 74S5 16
7t46 U 757S 4'Jj 7601 16
772a 16 7757 1C| 7768 16
7S45 16. 7S29 24 7951 16
7JSS 16 bC39 60 8071 24
flTJ 40 8136 «&0 Sli-3 400
S341 16; 8367 16 BI71 24
fc522 120 SC77 16; 8650 40
S74S 40 S9CS 16| S971 21
&049 16: 91S7 KM S23S 40
!H53 «j 8547 40 1 9577 40
BSU 16: S93G 16; 9935 ;*
10017 16 10113 241C220 120
1C261 24 ; 10265 16,10307 16
1CSTO go, 10285 1610465 2»
l'>4*7 2410631 24:10824 40
1064$ 24J10SS7 15,11142 40
XU61 16,11234 16113C8 16
11422 24,11318 24US80 16
11C13 40,11616 16 11720 16
11724 24111814 4C ! 11927 16
11550 40 12005 24 '12*29 40
121S5 24'12335 24 12CO4 16
12746 1612761 21 12808 rt
13021 24113140 40 132(« 40
13S-2 80113412 24 13449 24
03461 .... gO'13575 24,13SM> 16
13944 16 ; 14011 16;14C22 16
1412* 1614161 24J141S9 2«
141S5 1E114237 36,:4^2 U
144S0 80144S9 24114557 36
1*E76 80114633 24147;.S 16
14S13 24 149C2 40 1505S 1«
15C77 2413513 tO 1E158 80
11324 1C157^ I61S84J 2»
16153 161C160 16 16221 '4
162eS lC'l6314 24 16,07 40
16454 16'1«317 1C 16666 16
16710........ 16-16V34 :6 16&64 24
17030..". 24 l 17l0S 1517110 SO
17199 16'172S0.i. 5*17529 16
172S0 ,.. S0'l7442 ;4'17445 40
17E15 16 17517 40,17590 16
17S02 1TO'17^S2 24 17SS2 T4
17870 16 ISCfl 24 1S136 16
181S6 I4'1S:39 36 1S4S6 24
1S6S3 14, lSTi.C 16 1S731 16
1S7S2 ;4'lSS:i 16'1SS97 24
1S84S 24 : 1K>*1 161S9S4 16
1915S :4 : 19299 40 1<>435 16
1»465 24ll34?2 24 1SC37 16
1S6<S3 16 1W5 4<". 13733 SW
1SS20 16 13?TS 16 1SS03 IS
1SS26 16 2W24 :C : C*34 1«
20231 49 2C273 16 CC342 24
2«ZZ» 1C 2C*7S 16|2O9S0 24
2OSJ2 24l21C>43 1C 21150 80
2Ui2 40 21216 *0!21472 ?0
£US2 1C21629 24.:iC7l 1«
217C9 :4ir.S31 1€21S'.S 16
220E3 24 '52047 24 22066 16
22205 16 2223? 24 22366 40
22436 16 22472 16 22543 40-
22785 24 2T793 SO ' 21535 SO
C*4i 2423068 24 23066 24
:3CS4 16!:3CS5 21 23214 24
27425 I623C4* 4023656 16
I36SS 24 23650 40 23S23 16
24016 w.. 4<>;24CCS 16 C40C1 16
24339 16 243S4 24 244C9 16
2s:i4 24 24675 2424711 24
2473E 6024S29 24 25145 16
2S175 16 255C2 24 256^2 24
£1713 1625925 16 262C2 16
2634S 24J266S1 40126755 24
27015 1627017 40 27083 16
2T126 24!27229 24 27310 SO
2:SS2 24 275S8 16 27626 24
27713 16i277S7 24;27830 24
27J34 16;27S5S W|2KI04 14
rs«;4 1C 2S046 402S206... 40
2-234 24 2S504 16'2S555 24
?S742 fO'2S?70 24 2M22 16
592f>4 16 2!*'« 16 2Ss23 16
29So5 16'2SRR3 24'2Sf32 24
29922 :C 3C><rC5 16 30030 lfi
3C107 *n SOltl 16 3ft2f* 24 ',
r-ns22 24 srssi 16- 30359 16 i
3f>4S2 »:S05S« 40306S3 24 I
20€« <0 30::S 24 30794 16 |
30967 ie;jO96J 40SCS3L 80
S100S 16 31170 40 31192 16-
E1234 40 315C5 IC.315^3 24
2JU7 2421553 24 318B7 16
S1C94 2431706 4031775 16
'1733 16 31797 16 31MS IS
S>C5 2*'51851 1632149 40
S;;rii! 120!22392 12^ J25fi3 16
ST7rt6 40:22717 16 ?2S^-6 40
23OS6 24 33116 MJ33363 JO
S34P7 16.33560 4«' 33670 16
337S3 1633SC* lC,3."!r!30 24
3U13 :4lS«144 16 34203 21
SO4 K 24225 80134284 SO
S44CC 16rS.V.»l 24 34617 16
346C2 W> 34622 24 35""i39 16
3C0«Q J.0 35075 If- 35143 16
K211 K.'3. r 375 120.354«<i 16
tSHi KX19Q I0SS42 40
S6141 4 ( V3C3<*; 1C!3CC19 80
S5C30 16 36661 2413CGC3 16
T.6W* 1C 36S53 ]6'369GS 1*0
S699D 16.372C7 16 37414 16
~421 80 37;CS 3W>O.37C12
27C23 {•0 37C70 16 37CS3 24
£77^3 24 3772S 24 27741 120
SS143 120 SS 195 16 3*279 40
&Z23 16 3*340 4n:3W0 SO
3*473 4yW ; 3*S."2 *.. 40 3KS74 24
S5SS4 4C13^?15 1S.Z*MZ 40
S35C4 40 3?2C9 24.3P303 40
PS3<6 JC'»437 24 23320 2J
29737 16I2WJ5 16 39S50 16
S?901 KC40112 16'40U9 16
<f20S 4W0'4&4IS 16 4O4C3 1C
4^503 2414'K^S 24'4Ctr.t9 16
4fiC2« 24'4O744 16'4'jS19 16
4 f jfc35 16:409f* <"'41050 120
41^4 4^4111? 4n'4I23S 16
4:2«o 40414C2 24'4174« 40
4iS<'2 • 1C 41S41 - 16 42<J27 16
4217.2 24 : 42X82 , If. 422C1 1900
42223 1C 4^,12 ie'423r,l 16
4I4C3 1C'4;;24. ....... 16 42367 16
42C14 I4'42«S 16'42€9S 24
42727 16 42<-15 1643164 16
4316S 12<1 4322S 40 432T.6 16
42271 K 4344« 24 43472 40
43496 :<"/42373 4fi'43C72 16
Um 36 44033 4O'-44O7S 40
4<229 24 44?46.1 16 44328 40
44SCS 24 44^.",8 16*44433 16
445S1 *'• 44«49 16 44K44 16
44716 24'44735 24 44S36 80
ixaa. ic;«r^i7 164.-.022 24
(SMS 40 4r,lS2 I4U:,174 16
431J 40 i.*.4t-S 24 4X01 16
4'RJ-S lf,'4:.9€6 16 46207 W)
4C226 164C236 4«I46J2S 16
•46345 24 46'^1 4ft 465S3 41)
«C-,M Wt 46757 1647C27 SO
47C/1 lfi 47*1-99 24 47243 24
'4727fi 1647270 80U74S4 16
47«S7 16 47r,OK 40 477,61 16
475GS «0!4<WI 24 47G30 16
47^9 4fi'47US2 40147779 24
47WiR 16 47S:9 i;047&'io SO
IKCB 10OO|4£114 2<:4^540 4«
Vr/t. 24 4SC93 16 4*734 16
4F743 ]fi 4?116 24-49142 40
*<?V3. V, 4ft.%48 24!49.".V)... 24
Vi:.<*) 24 49619 2(149775 SO
49K4? 16I49S81 16 49*94 16
4^i ]f,'4W4S 16 M034 SO
m3"fi 24'nO2S« 165M1S 40
!>oir7 if,.v,r.r,s 24'r,o.v;2 16
GOTO* fa):.V>915 120|E1023 16
r,:c2» 16 r.ifi74 i«::,io79 24
HIM W!51f«2 1C151267 16
ri277..» J«:51295 24:51^67 80
r,l€17 ISiSlGO 24T,1KT.2 SO
E1CBC l«l£1743 1C 51772 SO
M7W iCTlRll 24 r.1539 24
e:^*i 24 r,2(-«2 ro:;2o«4 <o
f.2245 IS1EOTJ «';,23G9 24
T24rrf» If,r.2fi21 24;r,2CS 16
fjr-.fi v. r.2C'.s 4O'S2ens 16
K7T> ie'52SO7 32t>:r,2S24 16
F2K.3K I2O1S2K7 ICI52S2* J>0
r.29P2 I6I5J8IJ5 24ir.3010 24
r^72 16SS127 16!i?,130 1G
.H2177 24'f227ft 16'SSM.T 16
ZXSTA lC^r.33C9 Kf.'.-342« 120
rssss !6!SS>42 io'53r*o ic
K?r;!)4 161.-374S 40!S3847 40
CSSlSt UU'CT. -24.542a 16
M422 21 T.<42K 12O'.*4MS 16
TA"->> I«!5«S77 24 54C29..'. 40
F,/713 16:54750 - 4t'!MS12 24
ECU* ICISSSa 24:. r £4<>9....;... 2«
C-r,2t 24T.r.7C2 WISSTTS.-. 40
rrtPf 16 .'-»27., n'X-Wi 4!>
ir/tC?, i4!M114.t <0!»33S SO
r^v?.... 24 ! rA<<n3 4O'.w?3i. ' 40"
r-r;i f.o'r.'nii 4<>!S717« .... J6
r.7?Ds 24'r.74i" ir.ir»74ss j« ,
r"/* ic:r.7.^s 24!57Mi.... w .. i
tsaa 24::.si4n ic'r^2?n 24
M*K> 24'5R437 120!5M97 4»
cssos Roias**..- Mi;s.%C5.. ...... ib
rKfi-.; 7C'MT92 1G-5S904 24
r-'ars 24!5J233 ir.'-0347 18
rr/is 4n;:.^7S jr.!
r/*72 24 f,K371 lfi l C0407.. ...... lfi
*-<"4«! 40:fi0r,74 40ICP617 40
n«»7 120*1073 4fM6110<> If
r,:i3S 2461144 401C1298 PO
C1J21 lS'flST. 16«r.79 24
C74« 16T.1S40 K.C1950 g»
fr«z icr2ic3 ic;*;2i59 400
Cmi 16C2240 16!62344... 24
rrrr* 40 C2413 .... 40C2459.... SO
<72S4X/ 3r,'i;2rrf.7 1CIC2063 49
CC7r, 3CC2RS2 1C162734 18
tZSJS 24 '63027 lR^63/>48 SO
CZlt?. 40 63121 <n'.<33r.2 40
crzm 1G B3270 161G3378 S4
<T.42S lKC34r4 24163532 24
I3T21 W*-Zm 16:«?17 40
«91« lf.e3HS 24G3T447 120
C»» If. 64094 24164101 IS
C427S 24JCC11 24;C444S 24
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by
piesldent of Honduras" National Lottery Com-
peny (Louisiana State Lottery).
OXD CAPITAL PRIZE.
Joseph and Simon Kraus of 183 Delancy
stieet, being duly sworn, say: We are the
rightful owners of one-eighth ticket Xo. 80,043,
class A of the Honduras National Lottery
Company, which in the drawing held on Satur-
day. January 12. 1901, ct Puerto Cortez, Hon-
duras, C. A., drew the second capital prize of
SSOOO, and we received the money in full.
(Signed) SIMON KRAUS,
' JOSEPH KRAUS.
Sworn to before me this 21«t day of Janu-
ary, 130L. (Signed) SAMUEL ZIPRIS,
Xotary Public, Xew York County. ,
$1000 FOR :3 CEXTS-ONE-EIOHTH OP SEC-
State of Xe-w York. County of Kings— ss
On this 19th day of January, before me
Julius Elslnger. a notary public In and fo'r
the county aforesaid, personally appeared
Lorenz Lengler of 244 Stag street, borough of
Brooklyn, city and State of Xew York, who
being first duly sworn, deposes and says: I
am the lawful owner of one-half ticket of
the Honduras Rational Lottery Company, for-
merly Louisiana State Lottery, bearing the
number eighty thousand and forty-eight <S9 -
Csf), In drawing of said lottery which took
r.Iace at Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C. A. on
the- 12th day of January, 1901; said ticket Xo;
£0,048 drew the second capital prize of $3000.
(Signed) LOREKZ LEXGLEIl.
Sworn to before me this 19th day of January
lflOL. (Signed) JULIUS EISINGER,
Notary Public, Kings County, X. Y.
TAL PRIZE.
$1000 FOR Sl-OXE-HALF OF SECOND CAPI-
FIRST CAPITAL. PRIZE.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans.
Before me. Charles G. Rebentlfich, a Notary
Public In and .for the Parish of Orleans, State
of Louisiana, personally appeared Mrs. Eliza-
beth Gedry. who resides at No. 115 North John-
son Etreet. who being by me. Notary. duly*
sworn, doth depose and say that she Is the
bcna fide owner and purchaser of one-eighth
ticket No. <C46, which drew the first capital
prize of thirty thousand dollars <|30,0C0) In the
drawing held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras,
C. A., on January 12, 1901, and that eald ticket
was paid on presentation.
(Signed) MRS. ELIZABETH (X) GEDRY.
her mark '
Witness— J. P. Humphrey. C. "Wachenfeld.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 18th
day of January. A. I). 1&01.
(Signed) p. G. REBENTISCII, Notary.
J37S0 FOR 25 CEXTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
Wlllam Herbst deposes and says he Is a
liquor dealer at 29 South Main street, city of
St. Louis, and that he is the rightful owner
of one-quarter ticket Xo. 4616 in the Honduras
National Lottery Company (Louisiana State
Lottery) which, in the drawing held on Satur-
day, January 12. 1901. at Puerto Cortez, Hon-
duras, C. A., drew the first capital prize of
thlrtv thousand dollars.
(Signed) WILLIAM HERBST.
Sworn to and subscribed before me January
IS. 1901.
(Signed) CHAS. E. HAXXACER,
Notary Public.
My commission- expires January 15, 1902.
KIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State cf Missouri, city of St. Louis.
17500 FOR 50 CETXTS— ONE-FOURTH OF
The subscriber having- supervised the single
number drawing. Class "B." Honduras Nation-
al Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
¦Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras,
C. A., this Saturday, February 9. 1SCL
W. & CABELL, Commissioner,
599 numbers ending with 6S. being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of J30.000— IS.
S99 numbers ending with 33. being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $SCOO— JS.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 37.I1S to 37.619 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize o£ $30.000— J40.
100 numbers from 19.6y to 197S3 Inclusive,
beinsr 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of JSOOO — $24.
100 numbers from ES.42S to 3S.524 Inclusive,
being f-0 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000— $16.
N'o. Prlze.|Ka Prite.lXo. Prize.
C4533 40'64€3S 16 64692 SO
64S00 16I64SS1 .'.. SO 648.97 • 24
««Ki0 1664915 4065006 40
€5007 16 ! 65033 24|6510S 40
65271 40i65341 16J65348 16
6CS69.... 24i66510 16|G5736 40
05761 2466056 16I662S2 16
6C4C1 80:66516 16 6C38S 16
666S1 16Wo5 24'66777 40
6T964 401669CS 16;67156 24
C7m 16(6724S 16 67334 16
G7333 16C73S4 40167416 2*
C7437 241)747; 16 67743 16
€7763 24'677£3 16,67787 1«
e" ( S39 24 67SS6 40 67J42 24
67S-61 1G6S013 166S022 24
6»147 24.6S174 16.6W45 24
CS571 16 68572 16,68632 24
CT763 40'6$932 40169141 24
C.214 16!6i<231 2i;69301 40
C934:> 120 ! 69361 16 6;<373 24
C04J5 16i6»496 16.6S372 24
(TJ593 &0 61*610 24;6l<611 24
6H32 16|6!>G4« 16169710 24
6T.712 24!6M863 16;69S97 16
7<K>33 1CI7017S 16;70354 ,16
7(«5M lu;7Oe73 SU.7CS51 80
7!319 16:71350 2H71409.. ...... 16
714S6 16;7194S 16 7196J.*. 24
72C69 «i|7KS0 16:72141 40
71214 24|7'2?S 40J72425 18
7:4fil &072G05 40,72637 SO
T'.-952. Hi;:«66 1R1730SS 16
73093.. >. If. 73219 1C173242 16
7S429 16.73450 24J7351S $0
7rflO 24173705 40:73879 24
I 72.-S4 S0,73S»67 40J73971 16
7i,97C 16|74O06 24174015 80
740SJ 14:74160 1674201 16
71275 15 74630 16174664 40
74875 24174556 40|74991 16
7£<49 40175080 24 75399 16
7J630 80 73746 16175932 24
7MK) 16176303 40,76427 It
76C23 16i7G646 ; 16,767SS.: 16
76?11 24176S22 16|77111 16
77115 80177342 24177432 24
I 77463 16'77499 40 : 77563 40
7fO13 2417*058 40j7S0. = i9 80
7S130 4017S35S 2417S53? 24
7&630 40 7s664 S017S663 24
I 78755 40 78337..". 80)79051 40
j 7H43 4078137 24179236 16
75353 24J7S5O3 16179533 80
75378 1579707 24=73737 18
7S-776 24 7SS23 24179S39 40
7P874 16 : S«05 40;SC146 16
6C35« 16-SC2S6 24'S0354 40
| f'.l" 16>0740 16 S0767 40
K*17 16 SOS12 241SO942 18
SK22 4C1S1U2 241S121S 40
8iT35 120:8126$ E01S1364 24
81404 16 S1476 24181517 16
(SIM'S 40 81618 161S1665 80
I SlkS2 24:«1S65 16IS1930 80
I s;r,SO 40182097 161S2154 SO
8l'22S 401S2313 16'82336 40
J£446 161S25C2 16|$2321 16
s;727 16,52569 80S265S 40
I S1-S55 4f)!s2SS8 40|S2?61 40
, SStCS 16|K2!»6S 40 S2SS9 40
£?n<)4 401S3247 16S334? 16
R130 16i«4«l 24:83510 16 I
i K r A1 24S3C65 lC!Sn~3S 40
S;o:2 24JS4C35 16;842S9 24
S4r>60 40:M425 1*6 84524 16
S4C1S 40S46S2 " 401S4SU 40
! 84'.'73 16.M9S9 80iSi999 80
S:C77 16;S3111 40!S5115 16
I Hi-fi 24 KC376 24;S5435 16
i K442 1C85720 801857^ 40
! 8T734 16, $5740 16 .<CM2 16
I K56S SO:««K7!» 16S60fS 16
I 8^32 16,«f.616 lfi'86G2S 120
: S674J JC $7149 16JS721S IS
j S7413 24ihT416 161S7475 120
j S76S0 801S7S20 M):S7$72 1«
; g;S76 49 S7S77 161S78S7 16
j 8S0K> 241SS163 16.SS253 24
i 8S44S 40 6«471 241SS623 16
I &S.62S 1(5 SS751 16S014S 40
89162 24'«C-395 24!S9347 40
*:3C2 1 0 SS414 2489441 18
89473 16S9592 1689S37 40
j SS705 40 S3S34 161S9S41 16
i S99C3. ...'.... 40j83?27 24 1
j &0ri66 I4JC221 24:9023$ 16
90346 40 90*12 16,905SS EO
S0S33 1CI9CMJ4 J49O912 80
Sir.27 16!91242 "16:9126? 16
j 91314 24 91321 40;S1351 24
i S1C40 16:91674 16'91S13 16
Sail 1C922C3 40S2310 14
| S2S61 16 S261S 24'92619 11
I £2962 16'S3029 16.93040. 16
i 9E207 16.93357 40iS3376 40
I 93411 16'93594 40
193647 24 '926T8 12093563 24
63S10 40'93933 16.94058 24-
94217 16I94219 16 91239 24
194247 K> 94278 S0IM286 41
| J4317 16;9431S 400,94321 2*
94SS1 24!943?3 2419JVK) 16
84415 4O!S45«S1 60194563 16
I S4672 2494630 1694701 • 16
9476S 2494774 lSlMSSO 24
95CS0 80!95142 24 ! 95295 40
85361 16 K376 401955C2 16
95551 16 95652 24:9:^55 24
957S2 40 95941 24!95367 40
959S0 24iJ604S 24'961Q1 2t
j 96139 1696171 2496250 24
! 9C3S3 40'9641<? 24 9C626 16
i P6S52 24 96635 16 90735 16
I S6S23 16-96S61 40'96S76 16
t6SS3 20C»1 9CSR9 14:57053 16
07PS1 S0'9T13O J6197214 40
J7241 16 97437 40 97790 40
197979 169S133 16 9S540 24
I 9S566 40!9SMJ.: 16J9RG67 40
,' 9K740 I4I9K772 16W7SS 24
! JM5SS7 16:«*X>1 24'9SO39 16
j 9r>209....".... 16 99770........ 16:99.-92 24
S9613 16S3773 24190790 24
99S41 16193S31 16|
' iJ-^^rrx^--^^^"--^;
. RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SWIFT
AND '
SPLENDID
To Chicago over the Santa Fe
You go jn hours— 75
California;
Limited
\CHICACO I
in LESS than
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-Western Line
m
J~\OUBLE Drsmng-Tlpom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, ; miking and Library
•*~^ Cars, xeith barbr. Diiing Cars—
meals a I* carts. Dailv Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every taeek from San Francisco
at 6 p.m. The bes'. of tvtnthing.
n. R. RITCHIE
617 Market St. General Agent Pacific Coast
Palace Hotel . BAK FRAXCISCO
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry' Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Daily. Daily. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a \ 9:00 a 3:00 p 4:10 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:03 p 7:25 p
- Merced .. 12:I5p 1:17 p 1:15a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
•• Hanford 4:M p 3:27 p 7:0« a.
•' Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:4$ a ..:
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 6:20 p T.-flO a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:39a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for momlrur. p lor afternoon. *
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first- class passengers. Xo second ciaai
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding 1 train arrives nt.»:35 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. I* Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
- C0 d. m. Is the Overland ExDress. with
throueh : Palace and Tourist Sleepers anrl
free .Kecllnlne Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
, responding train arrlvej at 5:55 p. m. dally.
720 a/ra. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In' San Joaqutn Valley. Cor-
responding- train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
¦ Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 111S Broadway. Oak-
lnnd. -
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of MirVet St.
tw. •»«• rw»i». •. *¦.•»« r«».
i : :«p:m:V-— •— WEEK DAYS.--..— J |;S ££
: 4:00 p.m.) Stay over night at the tateo (10:3* a.m.
. 8:00 A.M.) ' f 1:00p.m.
IOWA. M. f qnvniVQ J MWI^M.
11:» a. M. f SUNDAY S 4 <<a p^,
- 1:15 P. M. ) I 5:55 P. M.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1.49.'
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., <St Sausalito Ferry.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearThere is pending before the Supervisors an ordi
nance making the owners of street signs responsible
for any injury which may be done to 'pedestrians
The framers of the proposed law have strangely for
gotten to make the almost universal hideousness of
sign decoration an element of criminal injury to the
public
Another «erious. unpardonable blow has been
struck at a thriving home industry. The Alameda
school authorities have imported a man to teach the
art of using the hammer. This seems to be an un
just discrimination, for the Alameda School Board
would not have been compelled to travel far to find
past grand masters in the cheerful art
> The legislators who are agitating, their brains in an
.effort to draft a primary law which will be satisfacto'ry
to everybody should remember that a measure which
will please "all wiir.be valuable to none;
A society of looters has been organized in Peking.
If the seizures of smuggled goods from", the various
army transports be any indication the society must
have a very powerful, branch in this city.
The dead Chinese official who is to be subjected (a
the indignity of posthumous execution has been
placed at" a most serious disadvantage. The other
fellows will have all the fun at the interesting
ceremony.
A lad said to possess X-ray eyes is one of, the
happy new possessions of Texas. He can see, it k
said, two hundred miles into the earth, but it is safe
to say that he can see no further than the rest of us
into a millstone.
A German adventurer is trying to go around the
world on nothing/ He is evidently attempting to
imitate some of the titled gentlemen of the fatherland
who left home for the same purpose and inflicted
their presence upon us.
The expose of the operations and flight of two
charlatans, posing as physicians, indicate that a cer
tain percentage of the population of San Francisco
still insists upon the privilege of being fooled by any
one who cares to make the effort.
A New York -Judge has decided that the debts of
the Courtt de Castellane must be paid. This interest
ing jurist must think that the Gould millions are in
exhaustibte or that it .will be in the nature ;of retri
butive justice to reduce the family to poverty.
England persistently declines to accept or to reject,
our proposals in reference to the Nicaragua canal.
She has evidently brought her shop-keeping methods
into affairs of state and forgets "that the bargainer and
huckster do not figure ,in matters of international
principle. She may delay long enough to acqept what"
HON. JOHN A. KASSON, Commissioner, plen
ipotentiary for the negotiation of reciprocity
treaties, has recently made an elaborate reply
to certain objections urged by the Home Market Club
against the various treaties he has arranged with
France and with certain West Indian colonies and
South American countries. The paper is the mosr
vigorous defense that has yet been masie on the part
of the Commissioner, but it still falls short of justi
fying his treaties.
The objections expressed in the resolutions of the
Home Market Club are: First, the treaties "are not
based on the true principle of reciprocity, which is the
exchange on favorable terms of dissimilar and non
competing products"; second, they "are based upon
a principle of -free trade which will introduce a dam
aging if not ruinous competition"; third, the treaties
"practically nullify a revenue law which originated, as
the constitution requires, in the House of Represen
tatives, and do not require the co-operation of that
body"; fourth, the treaties "disturb the harmony of
adjustment between industries and will introduce such
inequalities as to unfavorably affect all business."
Mr. Kasson objects to the definition given of the
"true principle of reciprocity." He says such a defini
tion is not; to be found in a dictionary nor in any
precedent o'f legislation. His statement may be true
but nevertheless the majority of the American people
will accept tlfc definition as the correct one. Cer
tainly the people who voted for the party of protec
tion to American industries never intended to fritter
that protection away by treaties that would admit
competing articles to weaken American production.
To do so would be to nullify the whole value of pro
tection. In" fact, Mr. Kasson's policy, if carried out
to its logical conclusion, would result in bringing
about vfrtual free trade, not by action of Congress,
but by diplomacy.
As an illustration of what he has accomplished for
the industries of the country Mr. Kasson cites his
treaty with France, and after pointing out that the
goods of other nations were admitted to the Fre'nch
markets on better terms than ours he says: "After
more than a year's negotiation France finally agreed
to give to us like reductions, averaging from twenty
six to forty-eight per cent of her present duties, on all
the possible exports o! the United States now duti
able save nineteen in number, only a few of these
bein? of importance to the United States. We gave
her in return reductions averaging only 6.8 per cent,
and applicable to about one-fourth of the articles in
our tariff list, reserving (without any concession upon
,lhem) all other articles, including many manufactures
and woolen goods of every kind. If tinder the treaty
«ve shall export to France the same percentage of her
imports of goods now subjected to a discriminating
duty wnich we export of other goods now admitted
on equal terms, our annual gain in exports will b-j
from $20,000,000 to $30,000,000."
-Now that is a- very good showing on its face, but
what of the "nineteen industries" that have been ex-
QUESTIONS OF RECIPROCITY.
CALITORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK. Feb. 13.— The . following
Calif ornlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— G. L. Chase is at the Herald
Square: C. E. Fredericks Is at the Hoff
man House: Mrs. Kelly Is at the Cri
terion: Mrs. S. Lilly is at the Grand
Union; A. L. McLeod is at the Amster
dam; D. M. Moses and S. L. Saurter are
at the Herald Square; L. Curranls at
the Grand Union: the Misses Drown, A.
X. Drown and wife and Mrs. G. W. Gibbs
are at the Holland; J. 8. Doge is at the
Belvidere; C. A. Henry' Is at the/Hoffman
House; J. W. Kecgan Is at the Gllsey; E.
B. Smith is at the Marlborough.
From San Diego— J. B. Lewis is at the
Girard.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
CAIilFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.— H. W. Goodall
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Arlington; Mr. and Mrs. H. T. Oxnard of
California are at the Gordon.
If the State embarked in such business of course
its mortgages and securities would be non-taxable,
so that an additional burden of taxation would be
shifted upon, the shoulders of individual taxpayers.
It is hard to imagine a plan that would do more
harm than this to individuals and would produce
more maladministration, corruption and loss to the
State.
It seems that the author of the bill was quite per
sistent in trying to get it before the Legisjature and
insisted that it be introduced even though the Senator
who introduced it said he would vote against it. As
it is on file now it should go to the proper commit
tees and be made the subject of an intelligent report,
as the means of educating in right views those who
may now believe that it presents a feasible and work
able system of benefit to the State and people.
The bill probably has its origin in that ignorant
prejudice against banks which is fostered bj- dema
gogues. There are people who think that savings
banks keep all their capital locked up in their vaults,
thus taking it out of circulation and causing a money
famine. Of course the fact is that such banks con
tinually struggle to keep money out of their vaults
and in circulation at the best rate of interest that can
beiud.
The measure is unconstitutional, since there is no
provision for any such function exerrfsed by the State
Treasurer or any other officer. In effect it would be
?.- law to authorize the State to borrow money at 3
per cent and loan it again at current rates. The first
effect xould be injurious to the community of small
depositors in savings banks and the next would be
large losses in the management of such a loan -and
trust business by the State.
As deposits must be in no smaller sums than $2000
it will be seen that the bill proposes to deprive small
depositors of aft savings bank facilities.
The bill provides for a branch of the treasury to be
called the State depository, which shall receive de
posits in suras no smaller than $2000 and pay interest
on the same at the rate of 3 per cent per annum for
ttn years. The money so deposited is to be loaned by
tht State Treasurer on real estate, mortgages and
other securities.
Of course this provision would put an end to such
banks and would at the same time end one of the
greatest inducements to thrift and economy on the
;jart of wage-workers and people engaged in limited
business operations.
This is .to be effected by forbidding that savings
bc:nks shall pay depositors more than one per cent per
annum.
ONE of the most remarkable bills is that intro
duced by Senator Belshaw, by request, to
abolish savings banks and turn the State treas
try into a loan and mortgage institution.
TO K'LL SAVINGS BANKS.
R. "W. Fowler of London, Kngland, Is at
the California. He Is a large agricultural
implement' manufacturer. Early during
the Boer war he received the contract
from the British Government to supply
all the plows that were used in South Af
rica by the troops in the construction of
trenches. He also manufactured the ar
mor for the military trains. He Is travel
ing around the world for his health.
Manager J. A. Fillmore of the Southern
Pacific leaves to-day on a tour of Inspec
tion of the Soutlierrudlvlslon of the road
as far as El Paso.
W. H. Mason, an oil man of Bakers
field, and E. McLaughlin. a banker of
San Jose, are at the Occidental.
W. B. Jerome, general Western agent
of the New York Central in Chicago, ar
rived in the city yesterday.
"Walter F. Burrell, a merchant of-Port
land, Or., Is at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife.
Mark R. Plaisted, editor of the. Evening
Democrat of Fresno, is a guest at the
California.
I*. McDonald, a mining: man of French
Gulch, and "W. H. Hatton of Modesto are
at the Lick.
S. Robinson of Sacramento and E. Rich
ardson of Los Gatos are guests at the
Grand.
E. T. Perkins Jr., a Government sur
veyor from Sacramento, Is at the Occi
dental.
Schuyler Alexander, Assessor of Den
ver, Is at the Occidental with his family.
F. A. Kaufman, a merchant of "Wood
land, is at the Grand.
C. W. Tuttle and wife of Colusa are reg
istered at the Palace.
R. L. Rader, an oil man of Bakersfleld,
Is registered at the Dick.
L. F. Booth, a merchant of Spokane, Is
registered at the Occidental.
Bank Commissioner John Markley of
GeyersvWe is a guest at the Lick.
W. H. Clary and De Witt Clary , mining
men of Stockton, are at the LJck.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A recent forecast of the outcome predicts that when
the first sign of civil war appears the Russians will at
once enter Austria to support the empire, as was done
when the Hungarian revolt took place. At the same
time the clamors of the German people will force
Germany to send an army into Austria to protect the
German population there. As a result the predic
tion is that Russia will retain the provinces of Gal
licia and Transylvania, while Germany will take Bo
hemia and all the western states of Austria dear
through to the Adriatic Sea, thus obtaining for the
German empire a frontage on the Mediterranean as'
well as on the Baltic. Italy would be forced to con-^
tent herself with a narrow strip to "rectify her fron
tier." ®iS5
Such is the stupendous outcome expected.- of the
disturbances to follow the death of Francis Joseph.
It will be perceived that the Czech demonstration in
favor of Archduke Ferdinand was something more
than a spectacular performance. It was a distinct case
of playing with fire, and may proVe an important
factor in inflaming the various races to outbreaks
which will end in the dismemberment of their em
pire.
So sure arc the European statesmen that the Aus
trian empire is bound to break up within a few years
that calculations have been already made as to the
division of the spoils. The empire is made up of va
rious races, including Hungarians, Czechs, Germans,
Poles and Croats. These races are held together
solely by the authority of the Emperor. A dispute
over the succession would break the single tie that
holds the empire together. Then would come the
struggle of the Russians, Germans, Italians and Hun
garians to seize the separated provinces and annex
them. France and Great Britain would of course have
no chance to share in the plunder, for they do not bor
der on any part of the Austrian domain, but they
would undoubtedly insist upon having a voice in the
distribution. '<*";
There was a time when Hungary was the weak spot
in the Austrian empire, but that time has passed. The
Hungarian question is now a slight thing in compari
son with that of Bohemia. The population of the
latter kingdom is divided between Germans and
Czechs. The Czechs desire to obtain for Bohemia
something like the home rule that has been granted
to Hungary- The Germans oppose the desire. The
Czechs demand an official recognition of their lan
guage, and again they are met by German opposition.
Thus it will be seen that in Bohemia itself there is a
teething discontent which is kept from breaking out
into war only by the strength of the empire.
In that incident alone there is room for a wrangle
that may result in' the predicted civil war. If the
Czechs refuse to acknowledge and adopt the order of
succession to the crown agreed upon by the Reichs
rath there will be nothing left to do but to fight it
out
DISSENSIONS IN AUSTRIA.
p^A ANY times have the students of international
/ \ politics in Europe predicted that when the
present Emperor of Austria dies there will
be an immediate outbreak of civil war in the empire,
and that as a result the political map of Europe will
be reconstructed. To such predictions something of
confirmation was given by the dispatches from Vienna
announcing that when the Archduke Ferdinand's re
nunciation of the right of succession to the throne was
read in fhe Lower House of the Reichsrath the Cxech
representatives rose in a body, left the House, called
upon the Archduke ahd assured himNhe Czechs do
not recognize the right of the Reichsrath to deal
with matters affecting the succession to the throne of
Bohemia.
63rc i -^^^^ (gfaiL
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 14, 190:
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Attrttt All Cccac&ieatiim* to W. 6. LEASE. H_*g«r.
MAVACnn> OFFICE Telephone '^^J^
PlOLICATiOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
j;niTOni». I. BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevemon St.
Tfltphonp Prow 2O2.
DellTered l»y Carrier-, 15 Crnin Per Week.
Sinsrlf* Coptrx. 5 (>nt».
Term- l»y >fafl. Incladlnsr Postiicei
r>AII/r CALI-, (JnrludJr.R: Sunday), one year JS.CO
PAH/? CAI-L. (inciudinff Sunday), 6 months 3.00
PAILT CALTy (Including Sunday), 3 months 160
I»AtI..Y CAJJ,— By Ping!* Month 65c
prVPAY CALL. One Year 1.60
¦VVTTEKLT CAUL. On« Year 100
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscription-.
Sample copies Trill be forwarded when requested.
Mail eubtcrlbers In onJering' changre of address should t«
particular to eive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct cotnpUanoe irtth their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOG\K«iS.
Klcagtr rercig. Admtiiing , Mtrqnttt* Building, Ctde-gt,
(Lcsff Distance Telephone "Central 2811.")
UTETW TOHK CORRESPOKDENT:
C C CARLTO.V Herald Sanare
>TEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHES 11. SMITH 3U Tribune Hall dine
SETT YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria, Hotel; A. Brei.tano, 81 Union Bauare;
_!urr*7 H1U UoteL
CHICAGO ICEWS BTA.NDS:
Eberajaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASDIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., X. W.
MOUTOX E. CRANK. Correspondent.
niUVril OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay. opeD
uctll *:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:3C o'clock. 633
McAllister cpea until 8:20 o'clock. C15 Larldn, open until
»:30 o'clock. 13*1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
ur.':: 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventn. open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open, until 9 o'clock.
The seacoasts of the country, the maritime States,
have supported Government aid to the railways that
penetrated the interior and furnished transcontinental
transportation. Missouri would be without rail con
nection with the Pacific, the Atlantic and the Gulf
of Mexico were it not for the support given to the
aided roads by the maritime States. But such con
siderations have no influence upon Senator Vest,
whose rhetoric is about as useful to his country as a
gimlet is in boring an auger hole.
This suggests the contrast between him and them.
He is sure of his seat as long as he attacks and tries
to injure the business interests of every section but
his own.
His politics is of'the old, narrow, provincial, plan
tation kind that inhered in the institution of slavery,
'.vith an infusion of the modern demagogy that has
come to be the ruling spirit of his party.
He took occasion to compliment the New England
Senators on the care they take of the business inter
ests of their people, and said, truthfully, that as long
?5 they do that they are certain of their seats.
But he is a statesman who knows nothing of the
great industrial and business operations of his coun
try. His constituents think that fishing is an amuse
ment, that it means digging a can of worms, getting
credit for a bottle of whisky and a plug of tobacco
and going out to the creek for a day's fun. He plays
to that sort of an audience, and as long as he can
represent it in the Senate he doesn't care whether
another American ship is launched or not.
Those fishermen follow a most hazardous occupa
tion. If the Senator would go to Gloucester and get
the record of ten years' wreck and loss of life on the
fishing banks of the stormy and foggy North Atlantic
coast he might learn that catching cod and mackerel
is a calling somewhat more strenuous than raising;
hogs in Missouri.
The salt drawback for benefit of the fishermen i9
put forward as if jt were the only drawback provided
in the tariff. If Senator Vest will visit Kansas City,
St. Louis and other manufacturing and industrial cen
ters in his State he will find his own constituents get
ting drawbacks on tin, on glycerine, sugar, alcohol
and a number of other articles to an amount enor
mously in^excess of that given to the fishermen of
New England.
The five States whose transportation interests de
pend on the river, and whose best agriculture must
be protected against it, get in every Congress more
than the entire annual subsidy that will be paid to
the Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific coasts for the restora
tion of an American merchant marine. About twice
as much of the river appropriation is spent in Mis
souri as all Neiy England will get out of the ship
subsidy. Yet Senator Vest draws a picture, plaintive
and pitiful, of the Missouri farmer distressing himself
to pay a subsidy to greedy New England!
Talk of that kind is called statesmanship in certain
precincts in Pike-County. But Senator Vest forget,
that when his State, Tennessee, Arkansas, Mississippi
and Louisiana ask in every river and harbor bill for
from eight to fifteen millions of dollars to be spent
within their borders in improving the navigability and
restraining the floods of the Mississippi River no
New England Senator objects or calls attention to the
fact that the river does not run into Cape Cod Bay
and is therefore unworthy of an appropriation.
Among other fault-finding he made a bitter attack
on the New England fishermen because they arc per
mitted by law to have a drawback of duty on the salt
us«d in curing fish. He regarded this as a great offense
to the West, and when it was added to the fact that
New England would build ships under the proposed
law the accumulation of offenses was nearly enough to
justify Missouri in seceding from the Union.
IN his speech in opposition to a revival of American
shipping Senator Vest of Missouri" charged that
the shipping bill would benefit New England more
than it would the West or the Mississippi Valley, and
made an attack upon the New England Senators for
their support of the measure.
VEST ON THE WEST.
THE CHICAGO INTER OCEAN ASKS WHY SOME ENTHUSIASTIC
FRIEJJD OF THE HARASSED SALOON-KEEPER8 DOES NOT EMU
LATE THE HERO OF THE FAMOUS RIDE.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Carnegie Church Organs.
Andrew Carnegie has begun to gtv«
away church organs as well as public li
braries, but he Is still In grave peril of
dying very rich, and so disgraced, accord-
Ing to his own doctrines. The iron and
steel business has been very prosperous.
and a man with $150,000,000, more or less,
has to keen on the move to spend hla in
come, much more to dispose of his capi
tal.—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Boer War Not Over.
"Actions speak louder than words."
and the dispatch of 30.000 fresh troops to
South Africa outweighs all the protests
from interested authorities that the war
is over and it only remains to deal with
guerrilla band*. Moreover, the enthu
siasm reported In Kngland for enlisting in
the new corps Indicates* that the war la
still popular in that country'- These two
facts are pretty good proof that the war
will last for a considerable time longer. —
Public Ledger.
Defective Coast Defenses.
The old story is repeated on the au
thority of General Miles," too, that not
many guns are in position in our coast
defences, and that there is no ammunition
for them, the supply of smokeless powder
being altogether deficient. We believe
that some $50.<«).000 has been expended on
coast defenses in the past eleven years.
Must it always remain the same; that in
time of peace no ordinary precautions
against a possible sudden war will ever
be made?-Salt Lake Tribune.
Wide Popularity of Golf. > ;'j.
A surprising growth in the game of golf
in America is shown by Harper's Official
Golf Guide for 1301. just published. De
tails are given of 1037 courses existing last
season against less than 900 the preced
ing- year, and the aggregate investment
of money must be very large. New York
State is first in the list with 164 courses,
but Massachusetts, the second, shows a
much greater concentration of golfing cul
ture, with 15S. Idaho and Indian Terri
tory remain the only sections of the coun
try without golfing organizations, but aa
Oklahoma and Wyoming have not entire
ly disdained the sport, there is still hope.
Possibly golf Is destined to wield a soft
ening influence in those unregenerato
communities. — Springfield Republican.
Opening of Parliament.
The new King of England is catering 1
manifestly to the popular taste. London
people require more court gayety. as that
brings money into the coffers of the trades
men. The King has determined that Par
liament shall be opened on February 14
with the most impressive ceremonials.
The magnificent state carriage, which has
not been used since the death of Prince
Albert, forty years ago. has been hauled
out from its hiding place for complete re
pairs. It is to be so renovated as to b«
more brilliant than ever, with gold orna
mentation and plate glass and with ex
pensive frescoes on its panels. It is fur
ther understood that Queen Alexandra
will accompany the King to the Parlia
ment House, and we believe that this
is the first time in a hundred years of
such an occurrence. The Peeresses ar«
expected to be present and the offlcial3
and Peers in their robes of state. The
Peeresses are not allowed to wear any
Jewelry. Edward Rex knows that the
people want a grand show on every state
occasion and he is shrewd enough to
cater to that taste. In this respect Vic
toria was too somber and too melancholy
for the public retirements. It may be
said that this is tickling the. people with
a straw, and yet straws of this kind often
-ecure a widespread popularity. — Evening
Wisconsin, j
The Nation Hysteria.
Has the coming woman come into th«
new century ¦with a hatchet? Has she
abandoned moral suasion and will she se
cure reforms by smashing thinsrs? These
are questrbns which must shortly be con
sidered seriously. The hysteria which so
suddenly seized Mrs. Carrie Xation ap
pears to be spreading -lowly but surely.
The source of the affliction is still in Kan
sas, but sporadic cases have manifested
themselves in widely separated localities.
The saloon, or the ."Joint." as Mrs. Na
tion prefers to call it. is not the .only ag
gravating cause of this hysteria- In Chi
cago the drug store has produced quite a
violent attack ot it. and eminently peace
able and well-disposed dealers in pills and
potions now look askance at every bevy
of women entering their stores, to dis
cover whether they are bringing prescrip
tions or hatchets. Having spread from
saloons to drug stores, the engrossing
question now is. in what other directions
this hysteria will spread before its force
Is spent and women return to their normal
selves.
Epidemics of this sort are apt to spread
rapidly and to break out in quarters
where they are least expected.— Chicago
Tribune. •
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
VANDERBILT-F. M. J., Oakland Cal
The residence of W. : K. Vanderbllt is
Fifth avenue- and Fifty-second street,
Jsew lork .City. *
ROYAL FTATSHES-B. M., City. If In a
game of poker one player has a royal
flush of diamonds and his opponent has a
royal flush of. hearts the pot must be di
vided.
three-handed EUCHRE - Sub
scriber, Crockett, Cal. In three-handed
euchre the rule is laid down in Hoyle that
if two players go out together the elder
hand of the two wins. • ¦ -
TO CHANGE A NAME - Reader,
Fresno, Cal. A person in California who
desires to change the name by which he
Is known should make application to the
Superior Court In the county In which he
resides, and if there is good reason for
the change the court xvill grant the appli
cation.
AVERAGE— A. S., Oakland. Cal. If a
horse covers a stated distance in a given
number of hours, to ascertain the average
per hour divide the number of miles by
the time occupied in traveling the dis
tance. If, however, the animal was rested
a certain number of hours on the trip de
duct that time from that occupied in go
ing over* the entire distance and divide
the distance by the remainder.
KANSAS PROHIBITION— F. "W. A.,
City. The prohibition law of Kansas is
a constitutional provision, which is as
follows: "The manufacture and sale of
intoxicating liquor shall be forever pro
hibited in the State except for medicinal,
scientific and mechanical purposes."
There is no such offense known to the law
as "joint smashing." That is the local
name given in Kansas to the acts of Mrs
Carrie Nation and her followers because
they Joined together to smash things.
ASHES OF TOBACCO— T. F. J., City.
The popular theory that the ashes of a
cigar or of a cigarette introduced into a
beverage, such as beer or whisky, to be
drunk by an Individual partially intoxi
cated, will produce increased Intoxication
or produce narcotism is at fault. It Is the
nicotine of tobacco that Is introduced In
the drinks to produce the effects named.
Those who wish to produce such an effect
usually dose the liquor with snuff.
The greater part of the ash of tobacco
consists of insoluble salts, principally car
bonate of -lime. The soluble consists prin
cipally of potash salts, which amounts to
from 5 to 35 per cent.
A NOTE— C. R., Wcstside. Cal. Unless
there Is 'a stipulation to that effect the
u'ncollected Interest on a note Is not added
to the principal. In. this State it has been
decided that if by the terms of the note
interest is due and payable every six
months the payee li not entitled, under
the statutes of this State, to Interest upon
interest, if the installment of interest is
not paid as it fall.* due, unless there is
an express provision in writing to pay
such interest. The maker of a note can
not be compelled to renew a note. The
remedy is to commence an action. The
law of California on the subject of com
pound interest is as follows: "The parties
may in any contract In writing whereby
any debt is secured to be paid, agree that
if the interest on such debt is not punctu
ally paid it shall become a part of the
principal, and thereafter bear the same
rate of interest as the principal debt."
BLUE CLOTH COSTUME.
The costume represented is of sky blue
cloth, embroidered with- braid to match
The collar and lapels of the "bolero are
of blacky velvet.- The fastenings ar~
frogs of : blue and black, and the skirt
has a similar, trimming on one side.
,. 'P 1 ! BrItl8h cruiser Terrible has r estab
lished an exceptional record at the recent
prize • firing by its crew with the ¦ six-inch
guns. Eighty hits were scored out or 104
rounds; fired.
PAUL REVERE IN KANSAS.
The greaumass of protectionists will hold that the
Home Market Club is right. True reciprocity is the
exchange on favorable terms of- non-competing
products, and true protection is the protection of all
the industries of the American people.
Why should the wine, the fruit, the sugar and other
industries made subject to loss by the Kasson treaties
be called "extremely petty in themselves"? And, even
if they were petty, why are they 'not as justly entitled
to protection as the bigger industries of the country?
The Boston Transcript in commending Mr. Kas
son's defense says: '"There are a few industries, ex
tremely petty in themselves as compared with the gen
eral benefits set off against them, that are afraid they
would suffer, and in consideration of them we are to
forego the advantage of putting ourselves on a level
with the most favored nations in our trade relations
with that great country. This is not protecting home
industries. ' It is simply lugging a few of them bodily,
while others more numerous and quite as important
sweat and suffer in consequence." •*
posed to competition for the sake of profiting other
industries? The "true principle of protection means
equal protection to sail American' industries. It does
not mean that some shall be sacrificed to others. -
THE SAN FRANGISCO : CAIiL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1901.
.Accusers who stand behind the undefined, m}-steri
ous shadow of rsn unknown, unidentified Chinese
gambler zrA ask the public to believe their charges
ngainst officials are demanding more than any one in
spired by a sense of justice will; grant The accusers
of the police have really left something undone .
The legislative inquiry into the affairs of the Police
Department seems to liave called forth the very re
finement of perjury. The Chinese witnesses who lied
for. the Just of b'ir.g were amateurs in comparison with
the white man who confessed <hat he was a liar and
the" csked to be believed.
6
A_tUSE2___TTS,
' Alc*Z*l^"A Xlglit OSL" ' *" '.
Tivoll— "Nell Gwynne." . .
Central— "After Dark." |
California— "Ifccky Sharp."
A!h«.jubra— Fousa's Band.
OrrhPum-VaudPrtlle.
CJrard Opera-house — "l/Alglon."
Olyrepia, ccrner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudevtlla every afternoon and
evecicc.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Henschel'a Recital.
CalitLTnia Jockey Club lOakl&nd)— I_ces.
Tanforan Park— Races.
Valentines for old and young:: the be3t
we have ever shown. Sanborn. Vail & Co.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
C-olce candles. Town3ena' 8. Palace Hotel.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tbs
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 iioat*
tromery «t. Telephone Main 1C43. •
90 ' - 0Q®9$099d0 GO
oe96e«e«oeaeooo«e«9««o«8e9Oftee9ftdft9«eoGo*e3ofl
I SUNDAY'S CALL S
ii:S2»:»SSS8S:8S8»S8:S888S:SS88SS8S88888S8
II ' : SS
SS THRILLING ADVENTURES OF A SAN SS
SS FRANCISCO GIRL IN PERU. * JJ
•o : ©3
SS SAD STORY OF ELAINE SINCLAIR. SS
|| THE POPE'S INCOME. ||^
¦ 99 Did it ever occur to you how much money the 09
9O Pope receives yearly I Read about it •• "*
qq in next Sunday's Call. J?
I SS EARLY TRAINING OF CHILDREN. SS
* ••. By Mr*. Martha Taft Ventworth. .•• *.
•I j CALIFORNIA HAS A HOSPITAL MAN- ••
•8 AGED SOLELY BY WOMEN. SS
• SS [ — '' "
Qg Beginning of a series of articles oa
SS HOME MEDICAL SCIENCE. 55
JJ ! * Next Sunday— "The Philosophy of Good Health." JJ
|| MME. BERNHARDT'S HOME IN ||
SS PARIS. I SS
mo » ••
SS DO YOU KNOW THE STORY OF ••
SS THE KAHUNA? SS
22 Fead Jt in n - xt 'Sunday's Calt S§
¦ ' •• ¦ . . ¦ ••
•2 HOW TO REMOVE WRINKLES. ||
•• By Harriet Hubbard Ayer. • ••
SS - — — — - SS
•I EFFECTS IN FLOWERS THE LATEST g|
|| ri FAD IN NEW YORK. SS
JjSgL > &,•
FASHIONS, FICTION AND STORIES OF j
9«O«#« GREAT HUMAN INTEREST. ••••••ANOTHER BREAX FROM
THE DETENTION" SHED
, Six Japanese laborers,* who arrived re«
e'ently on the Nippon Mam as stowaways
and who were denied a landing by Immi
gration • Commissioner North, escaped
from the detention shed at the Mall dock
at 2:30 yesterday. morning. They had cut
several gunny sacks into strips and made
a rope with which they let themselves out
of a window at the wharf.
This makes a total of seventeen persons
—eleven Chinese and six Japanese, who
have escaped from the detention shea
during the last three months and a gen
eral delivery Is looked for any niRht.
The steamship company; Is not ¦ held re
sponsible for the escapes under the law.
There Beems to bo a lack . of vigilant
watchmen around > tho detention ; shed. "
John D. Spreckels will leave for Aus
tralia this evening on the Oceanic Steam
ship '¦ Company's Ventura. Mr. Spreckels
will . be accompanied -by • hla daughter
Grace and his sister-in-law, Mrs. Walter
D. K. Gibson. 'He is making the journey
en business in connection with the steam
ship company and -will only remain In the
Antipodes until the departure of the Ven
tura, . Mr. Srreckels will return to San
Francisco early in April:
Mr. Spreckels Going to Australia.
T. "V. Maxwell and Richard I* Barry,
executors, of the estate of the; late Ed
ward Tv Donnelly, brought suit yesterday
In the Justice's 'Court axalnst QeoweAV.
Root. Clerk of thetSupremo Court,' to re
cover the sum of >299. alleged to have been
loaned to him : in December, 1898, on a
promissory note. *
Root Sued Again.
Lake Shore Tramc Manager
Talks of Recent South
ern Pacific Deal.
Captain G. F. Grammer, general traffic
manager of the Lake Shore and Michigan
Southern and the Lake Brie and Western
railroads, arrived In San Francisco yes
terday and is a guest at the Palace. H©
expressed himself very plainly with refer
ence to the railroad situation in Califor
nia and declared that the deal whereby
tho Harriman-Vanderbilt syndicate se
cured control of the Southern Pacific waa
bound to be of great benefit to this State.
"The VanderbTrts took hold of the roarts
I represent several years ago," he said,
"and since that time they have run on a
model plan. I do not think that the new
deal will result in any .change in the per
sonality of the staff just at present. I do
think, though, that some day there might
b« a president appointed for both roads
who would represent the two companies
In New York.
"Consolidation does not mean that the
number of men employed by the railroad
companies shall be cut down. Three "ears
ago in the East there was. a consolidation
of fast freight lines, but tills did not cut
down the number of men employed.
"The general opinion in the East is that
the Harriman syndicate in buying the
Southern Pacific stock did It as a result of
a carefully considered scheme. It waa not
done hastily,, but had been planned for
perhaps a year or more. With the own
ership of the XJnion Pacific and the South
ern Pacific in .the same hands there will
be a harmonious feeling, no cutting of
rates and better times for California." '
Jewish. Iradies' Council.
At the sixth annual meeting of the
Jewish Ladies', Council, held Sunday In
the Bush-street temple, reports were
submitted I showing the condition of the
society to be flourishing. .The following
officers were elected: President, Mrs. D.
S. Davis; vice president, Mrs. P. Cahn;
secretary, Mrs. Isaac Frohman; corre
sponding , secretary, Mrs. Abram. AKi
nayer;/ treasurer, 'Mrs. Maurice Getz;
trustees— Mrs. Isldor Myers, Mrs. S.
Glass, Mrs. C] Rudee and Mrs. R. Alt
mayer. _¦ /* \ ¦
The thirty-eighth annual session of Dis
trict Grand Lodge No.. 4 of the Indepen
dent Order of B'nai B'rith, which is
composed of representatives from ail the
lodges in each of the Pacific Coast States,
will be held irr B'nai B'rith Hall in this
city, commencing at 10 o'clock next Sun
day morning. The Grand Lodge will be
In session three or four days, and the
most Important matters that will come up
will be the 'Question of the endowment
feature of the order and the election of a
second grand vice president, that office
being the stepping stone. to that of flr3t
grand vice, which leads to grand presi
dent.
The present gTand officers are: Lucius
Solomons, president; George Samuels,
first vice president; Marcus Rosenthal,
second vice president; B. Harris, treas
urer; I. J. Aschheim, secretary; 8. Hoch
stadter, M. Marcus and Julius Platshek,
trustees; D. Davis, sergeant at arms, and
Sol Meyer, messenger. v -
There are now in the district thirty
seven lodges, with a membership that ag
gregates about 2800, a very flattering in
crease over the figures of the preceding
year. Many of the old established lodges
have added to the roll of members during
the year, but the most noticeable gain has.
been In the northern part of the jurisdic
tion.
The following Is the list of represents^
tives to the Grand Lodge:
Ophlr, 21— A. L. Badt, Gabriel Cohn, Leon
Ooldsteln, M. Kalmuk, M. Kollman, Louis
Levy, Marcus Levy. Julius Platshek.
Etham/ 37— Albert Elkus. J. Ginsberg:. 8.
Goldman. M. Hirsch. Henry Meyer. Leon Salo
mon, Abraham Wilson.
Modln. 42— S. Frohman, M. Lindhelmer,
Henry Mauser, H. Sajte, Philip Stern, Nathan
Sell?.
Garlzlm, 43 — Isldor Haas, Charles Nathan.
Pacific. 48— D. Davis, Louis Ehrlich. ¦William
Geist, Julius Newman, Henry Schwartz.
Montenore, 61— Hugo K. Asher. .William Cohn,
Mark Lewis, Morris J-evy, Manhelm Marks,
David Michael. M. J. Nctter, S. H. Schocken.
Miriam, £6 — Simon Hochetadter, Sol Lewek.
Oregon, 63 — D. M. Buchner. D. Soils Cohen.
C. H. Friendly, N. Goodman.
Hope, l%— William Goodfriend, H. Marks.
Albert Peyser.
Columbia, 127— Julius Bamberger, Herman
Friedlander, Emil Gunrberger. Isaac Herzberg.
Herman Lesser, Gerson Nathan, AarAi Wasch.
Adolph Wolfe.
Golden Gate. 129— A. Auerbach, I. J. Asch-^
heim, Louis Bernstein, Philip Cohen, A. 8.
Fas*. 6. Isaacs, Samu3l Kallsky, M. H. Was
cerwitr. .,
California, 163— Charles Berliner. David
Cohen, Abraham Coleman, Max Goldberg,
Julius Israelsky, Isldor Jacobs, M. B. Levy,
P.obert Mann, Harri3 Rubin, William Samuel.
Orange, 224— Abraham Marx, Isaac Norton.
Moses Norton. A. Rosenthal.
Tosemlte. 231 — A. Roeenthal.
Paradise. 237 — Adolph Anker, A. Horowitz.
Ariel. 24S— Alexander J. Hart, P. S. Hlrsch,
H. Rich.
Oakland, 252 M. Friedlander, Marcus
Jonas, Joseph Levy, Max Marcuse. George
Samuels. S. Samuels, Eli Schwartzbaum.
Carson, 266 — Benjamin Harris.
Unity, 273— M. L. Asher. D. Cohen, I. Cohn
relch, Herman Enkle, Sol J. Levy, Louis Lip
man, B. Myrson, J. Nelto, Sol A. Raphael. M.
Roaenthal. Jos. Rothschild, Max Warshauer,
North Pacific. S14— Abraham Dreyer, J. M.
Gellert. M. Gilbert, Isador Gumbert r A. S.
Rosenthal.
Cremleux. 323— Philip Flatow, S. S. Green.
H. Gutstadt, S. Hoffman. L. C. Levey, I. P.
Strassburser, E. I. Wolfe.
Semi-Tropic. 341— Simeon Cahen, A. "W. Edel
man. Mose H. Hamburger.
Seattle, 342— Fred Hories, I. Korn. E. Mor
genstern. I* Schoenfeld.
Occidental, 315 — Joseph E. Blen, JV D - Cohn.
Lucius L. Solomons. Benjamin Sehloss, F.
Sperling;. Edmund Tsuiszky, Jacob Voorsanger,
'Wallace A. Wise.
Laskcr, 370— Simon Levl.
Portland. 416— Jacob Bloch. otto J. Kraemer.
Julius C. Langr, 8. Julius Mayer, ' Lesser
Pragrer, Siir. Slcliel.
Baron de Hlrsfrh, 420 — Noah W. Bender, Mor
ris L. Heimann. |
B. F. Pelxotte. 421— M. J. Friedman, Albert
Graupe. William Graupe. „
• Abraham GelRer, 42C— A. F. Levy, Leopold
Stern. A. W. Pleccl.
Washoe, 450— J. Hausmann. D. Lachman.
Sabato Morals, 46W-lsaac Swett, A. Tilzer.
Baker City, 47&-S. L. Eaer.
BoiBe City. 481— Nathan Falk.
Los Ane«-l<?s. 4S7— H. W. Frank. Victor Har
ris. J. L. Jonas.
Fresno. 492— S. B. Goodman, Herman Levy.
Klldeshelmer, 603— L. Kahn, L. Llppman.
CALIFORNIA BOUND
TO BE BENEFITED
The Endowment Branch Will Be I>is
cussed—A Flattering Gain in. ;
Membership Is Be-
Prominent B'nai B'rith Men
to Assemble Here Next
Sunday.
GRAND LODGE
WILL CONVENE
COOPER TALKS
OF OIL SIGNS
Indications of Petroleum
Defined by the State
Mineralogist.
Predicts That Some One Who Has
Nerve and Luck Will Secure
Great Flow Near
. Stockton.
"One of the most remarkable regions In
all California," said State Mineralogist
Cooper, yesterday, "is a tract of four
square miles, about eight miles northwest
of Orland. ; Wherever the soil Is pene
trated to any depth out rushes a volume
of gas, which has Its origin in petroleum.
Sink a post hole and gas manifests itself.
Water wells continually are giving evi
dence of the presence of gas— In fact, a
man who was digging a well struck gas at
a depth of thirty feet and was blown up
with it. much to his surprise."
The State' Mineralogist recently had
business In Tehama County, and went to
see the tract. He explored it carefully
and so fixed the general limits by the
manifestations of gas.
Mr. Cooper said that the gas certainly
did not come from decayed vegetation. It
was not a marsh gas: in other words, it
showed that somewhere there was a large
deposit of petroleum, but he would not
venture to make any prediction concern-
Ing the exact locality of the oil. It might
be near and it might be twenty miles dis
tant. A queer feature is the nature of the
flow. For awhile it manifests itself at ¦.all
points over the entire area, wherever
there is a water well or post hole or other
excavation in the ground. Then this is
succeeded by suction, during which the
air is drawn inward. After a time this Is
reversed. At all points tfle will light. Mtr.
Cooper satisfied himself by tests that the
gas was not frona decayed vegetation.
As the prospectors for oil are watching
for gas as an Indication of petroleum, and
as they are now abroad in a majority of
the counties of th« State, it will not be
amiss to repeat some of Mr. Cooper's ob
servations:
"Frequently eases," says Mr. Cooper,
"are seen to ascend from the bottom of
streams and pools of water. In the bed
of La Brea Creek, upon the Slsauoc
rancho, Santa Barbara County, gases rise
from the bottom of th«a creek, for a dis
tance exceeding: one mile. Gases can be
lighted upon the surface of the water and
they burn with a luminous flame. This
occurs In many other places in California.
Carbureted hydrogen, or natural icas. is
a far greater indication of the presence of
the bitumens than is the sulphureted hy
drogen or carbonic acid gas. Consequent
ly it Js frequently important to determine
between these gases. Carbureted hyd>o
gc.n burns with a yellow, "luminous name,
whereas sulphureted hydrogen burns
with a bluish flame. A familiar example
of the color of these flames is shown in
the burning of an ordinary match. LJght
the match, and while the sulphur Is burn
ing a bluish flame is shown. When the
sulphur is consumed and the wood alone
burns a luminous^ yellow flame is shown.
Sulphureted hydrogen has a strong odor
of sulphur and when a brightened piece
of silver is held In it the silver becomes
blackened. Carbonic acid gas does not
burn."
Mr. Cooper is of the opinion that there
are rich deposits of petroleum about
Stockton. The large flaw of jras and a
knowledge of its elements convinced him
of the accuracy of this supposition. He Is
satisfied that the Stockton gas is from pe
troleum. "If some one has only the nerve
to hunt for petroleum near Stockton and
has good luck also he will probably reveal
another great California petroleum field."
The announcement that the Southern
Pacific Company will make chanpres In its
locomotives on 2000 miies of roa<i to nt
them to burn petroleum, instead of coal,
is pood news to the oil producers for two
reasons. One is that it Insures a steady
demand for a large amount of oil fuel for
an Indefinite period. The other and not
leas Import-ant is that it pives the Indorse
ment of a great corporation to the excel
lent and ample supplv of the liquid fuel.
An attempt is also being made for the in
troduction of Callforniapetroleum Into tha
Hawaiian Islands. W. S. Miller. Pacific
Coast manager of the Standard Oil Com
pany, will see what can be don« in that
field. If the Hawalians take kindly to the
fuel it is proposed to run a tank steamer
to carry 35.000 barrels of oil.
i The People's Cause of Red Bluff com-
I plains that there is a confusing similarity
j of names In the oil companies organized
Matter's Big Distillery at
Antioch Held Up by
Uncle Sam.
Federal Agents Charge That One
Thousand Barrels of Black Strap
Were Handled There Con
trary to Law.
Special Internal Revenue Agent Burt
M. Thomas discovered several days ag^t
that the fruit brandy distillery of the Cal
ifornia Distilling Company at Antioch had
received 1000 barrels of black molasses
within the last few months. Molassea 1»
one of the articles that fruit distilleries
are forbidden to distil, and the penalty for
using it or other prohibited substance la
confiscation of the entire distillery and
product.
Deputy McCabe was detailed to Investi
gate the" matter, and he secured proof that
the above mentioned quantity of "black
strap" had been received at the distillery
and that the greater part of it had disap
peared. An examination of the books of
the distillery was at once instituted under
the direction of Internal Revenue Collec
tor John C. Lynch, and two of the em
ployes, George Weeks and George Tomp
kins, were subpenaed to appear yesterday
to be interrogated regarding the affairs of
the distillery.
In the absence of Collector Lynch his
chief deputy, Robert Frick, conducted the
examination.
The witnesses made no objection anil
were about to begin testifying, when
George H. Matter, president of the distil
lery, appeared with two attorneys, and
protested against the witnesses being in
terrogated unless in nis presence and that
of his attorneys and a stenographer. Dep
uty Krlck ruled that he had the authority
tocxclude any persons he pleased, whera
upon Mr. Malter and the attorneys ad
vised Weeks and Tompklns to refuse to
answer any questions.
Mr. Frick thereupon swore to a com
plaint against the witnesses charging
them with contempt of court, as providni
in the revenue Jaws, but it was too late
In the day to have an attachment Issued
against the defendants, and further pro
ceedings were deferred until to-day.
Mr, Malter owns a vineyard and distil
lery, the Maltermoro, near the citv of
Fresno. The distillery at Antioch is one
of the most extensive and valuable fruit
brandy plants in, the State. Should It !>e
established that he has distllleu the "black
strap" the product, even In ti.e hands of
in^cent purchasers, is liable to seizure
ami confiscation.
In Tchama County. Some months apo tlie
Tehama County Oil Company was organ
ized, naming Red Bluff as its place of
business. Now another company has been
formed to be known as the Tehama Com
pany, with headquarters at Corning. The
last named company is composed of Sac
ramento men, who will work west of
Corning. -¦
The Hanford Sentinel says of the pro
posed oil exchange for that city:
There is a proposition on foot among the
oil men of the town, as well as several other
local parties, to oreanlze and conduct an- oil
exchange In Hantord. A. Rubensteln has
taken the matter in hand and has interviewed
several of the prominent business men of the
town In reTarii to the matter, and all appear
to be thoi^JKhly in favor of the proposition.
The object is to organize the local exchange
and place it- among the other exchanges in
the country, po that the oil fields of this Im
mediate section, which arc, up to the present
time, free .from the boom which has taken
hold of the Kern River district, will b« made
more v/ldely known. The exchange will organ
ize with a limited membership probably forty
or fifty members, and to whom seats will be
sold that they may participate In the meetings.
Brokers will be allowed to take charge of the
buying and Felling of stocks during the dally
sessions of the exchange. The stocks of the
local companies and fields will probably be
allowed to be placed in the exchange free of
charge, but outside companies will be charged
an entrace fee. The proposition is to nt up
a room somewhere In town. . where the ex
change will hold dally sessions and by which
the Coallnsa oil fields will become better
known.
Humboldt County papers report the oil
excitement to be on in that county in sev
eral localities. Mendocino County, ac
cording to the Uklah Dispatch, Is also
stirred up. The Dispatch says that there
are good Indications of oil at Point Arena,
Mendocino City and Long Valley.
ReferrinR to the investments In oil
stocks In the interior counties the Vaca
ville Reporter says:
The purchase of oil stocks has jrone to such
an extent that It is making: a tight money
market In Vacaville. We are of the opinion
that not less than $40,000 of Vacaville money
has already been put into oil stocks. The
probabilities are that before the first six
months of this year are out Vacaville will
have put 1100.000 cash into oil stocks.
A water well on the place of W. A.
Perrin is reported by tho Bakersfleld Cali
fornian to be performing queerly. The
well is 140 feet deep, so says the Califor
nian It furnished water for domestic
purposes until this year, when it began
to emit large quantities of natural gas
and the water was made unlit for use, so
the well was abandoned. The well was
capped, but the gas continues to now.
This is about four miles west of a well
which is down 1200 feet, but In which no
oil has been struck. •
The January business on the Los An
geles Stock Exchange beat all previous
records by $56,000. , This is considered to
bo remarkable, because of the fact that,
beginning with January 1, the sale of un
listed stocks on the floor was forbidden.
There is quite a boom in the Newhall
district in a development way. Within a
very short period fifty new derricks have
been put up and various strikes have been
reported in the field.
The Baltimore American. has a long ar
ticle In which the prediction is made that
California will soon take the leading place
among the States of the Union in the pro
duction of petroleum.
Pipe to' carry the water for the Valley
Water 'Company up the hills into the
Coalir.ga field has been received at Coal
inga. The water company has its ma
chinerv ordered and will soon begin work.
The first water well- Is being bored, north
of Coallnza. "
Four wells have been located on the
Watson ranch in San Benito County.
There Is a seepage of oil on this ranch.
A franchise has been asked from the
Supervisors of Kern County for the erec
tion by • the Sunset Electric LJght and
Power Company of poles and wires along
the county roads. The petition sets forth
that the company proposes to erect plants
for the development for the Sunset, Mc-
Kittrlck and Kern River districts of light
and power.
Drilling has begun near Chico.
Lands have been taken up on the north
side of Rod Slide Mountain, eighteen
miles northwest of Guerneville, for oil ex
ploitation. OH se>paj?es have been found
In that section for some years. A com
pany haa been organized. The Guerne
ville X-Rays says in event of oil being
struck In paying quantities about seven
miles of pipe line would connect tanks on
Coal Oil Creek with the railroad station
at Cazadero, and sixteen miles would lay
It down at. Guerneville station.
Some parties In the southern counties
are forming oil companies to take up and
exploit oil lands In Texas.
A second company of Santa Cruz In
vestors has been formed to operate on a
tract of 200 acres In Kern County.
The Olympic Athletic Club will soon put
!n two immense tanks for petroleum and
will substitute oil for coal as fuel.
REVENUE MEN
ALLEGE FRAUD
Examination Questions in Course of
Humor in English and American
Literature.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the courses.
Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their answers. Cer
tificates will be granted in each course to students whose examination papers
meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to The Home
Study Circle, San Francisco Call. Mark all papers "Examination."
Directions— Write with Ink on white paper and on only one side of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly •written at the top
of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates ¦writing upon more than one
course shou.d" mall fheir examinations la separate packages. Mall the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage Is fullv
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates -will be arranged In three groups accord
ing to order of merit as follows: (1) Kxccllent. (2) good, (3) fair.
1. Write a brief paper Betting forth
clearly the literary distinction between
"wit" and "humor." Quote freely if
necessary from E>r. Pattee's first study.
2. Write a paper upon the literary hu
mor of the Elizabethan period. Make five
representative humorous selections from
Shakespeare's plays. •
3. Who is represented by Dr. Pattee as
the most witty of the English poets 7
Quote from Drydeo and Byron showing
their claims as humorists.
4. "Dick Steele was the humorist of the
eighteenth century, even as Pope was Its
epigrammatist and Swift Its satirist." .
Enlarge upon this statement, making
your answer a brief study of these three
authors.
5. Who wrote "Tristram Shandy"?
Name Its leading: cRaracter. Compare this
production with other early classic novels.
6. "There was little of genuine humor tn
Johnson's composition; ne lacked Intui
tion and sympathy, but he bad an enor
mous fund of caustic wit."
Enlarge upon and Illustrate this state
ment, i
7. Xarn© a few of the members of th»
literary club of which Johnson was a
member.
8. Quote from the wit and humor of
Charles Lamb.
9. Give Dickens his proper place among
the humorists of English literature.
10. "Write an original paper of at least
SCO words upon the humor of American
literature.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1901.
7
BARGAINSISt
! 200 SHORT ENDS AND 1
1 SINGLE PANTS PATTERNS i
Ejj aii wnm
rj /1L.L. TT UViL.
3 PANTS made to order for
(9 $4*5O. S5. $O
m Former price was %7, $S. $9. ¦¦
3 Also about 200 SUIT LENGTHS, which
H are offered. ...$15.50. s<17.r,O. $20
H Former price, $M, $25 and J30.
S "Perfect fit and best of workmanship
ra guaranteed. Samples sent free. ;¦
I JOE POHEIM, The Tailor,
M 201 and 203 Montgomery St..
H 1110 and 1112 Market St.,
w US S. Sprlns st., Los Angwles, Cal.i";
. _ ,,— -
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced for SO cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for $l.OO
and ?1^M). " ;',.. :„.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' prescriptions died. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPT.CIAN5^ H0 >^ fr .
642 Market St. instruments
UNDCR CHROMICLt BUIL0IN&. CATALOGUE TRIL.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
-Best NATURAL Alkaline "Water.
A visit OR JORDAN'S ancAT^
»iuse0m of mmm\
§ ind iosiiSAassTsr.b9t.fciifti. s.f.w. A
\ Qp The Larrest Anatomical Museum in the \ .
M jjClj. V/orld. Ucilnnw er »ny coniracicd (3
3l «Ci^ dis-MO pcsl»l»rl7curodOTtheol(!eii jf
Q Ik 13! bpeoiliM cuttx Ccaw. Esta6yc«it.
2 ti&i*b 0B. JMBAX-PRrtATE DISEASES £
\ B^iwfefi C<ra«il:atloo trm »nd ttricttT !>"•»»* \
A M xo*/ tf f " « m " nt pr fSonml| y " T b y icttv. a Q
V a fy j\ H /-M.iiw Cirrain every case und:rt»kea. \
AH;f tl S, Write for Book. IjniLOtUrBVcl A
V • if } *• 3BAMniAce. mailed taxa. ia"
X Jl II ' *»luiiNe book for mtn) ¦ at ".«,"?> • \
V DU lUBDAX & C*., 10U Market St., & F. V
> % .^(tf^ESEBW«>i H Klg 8 Is a nen-polionota
a^ r WMtfa8i*«*iM»-^ifB rptnpd.r for Gonorrhoea.
VHrcDlIE^iS Gleet, 3p»rm»toi:rho.'»,
J3b3f 'o 1 w5d»TS. ytB Whlto^, .n n n <\ tn ral dia-
msSjf Qairtzuii W charge , or any iaflefnma-
KiSmJ cot k> tuletart, tion, i ritation or ulcera-
gk»— «?re»*nu eooufioq. tion ,f moeoni mim-
BjTSmTHEEvilNSCHEMXuCo. •»»»*«- Non-aatrlngont.
«^^C1HC!NNATI,O.E^3 Sold by nranbtl,
n a. a >sSr cr wat i° Plain wrapper,
2$3*Skr :^l3 ** espreas. prepaid. 75
V£jSK^|Brf^o^ «|.fx). or 3 bottles. |2.T3.
¦¦ "'-- nilar sent ca request.
¦-¦ r -¦-.-:
PENNSYLVANIA* SYSTEM .
of ' railroads.
Offlce,> 30 s Montgomery, street: : ?
AMTJSE3CENTS.
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
CURTAIN RISES at 8 O'CLOCK SHAP.P.
GOTTLOB. MAJIX Jfc CO. and WALTE1'.
MOKOFCO Announce the Farewell
Arrearance In This City of
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
AND
M. COOUELIN,
trnfiT the Diiwtion of MH. MAURICE GRAt.
I^ST THREH NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY OF
••L'AIGLOIN."
•«LF.S PRECIEUSBS RIDICULES"
MME. PAIIAH nERNHARDT and M.
COQUEL1X Will Arix-ar at Even'
Pprlorroanc*.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
KKPKKTOirtE FOR NEXT WEEK.
Mcncr.y, "La Tcsca"; Tuesday evening and
T\ ednesday matinee, #1 I^a name aux Ca-
Tr.cllas"; W^dnpsday. Thurnday and Friday
ei«uLUK*n "Cyrano <je ll^rgeriic' ' ; Saturday
rrr.tin^e. •¦Phedre" and •¦1a~* Precleupes Ridl-
culrt ••; Saturday evening. Kart-well nipht. Third
act of "Cyrano de nerirerae." Third act of
"1a Tosca." Mcno!ocue by M. Coqup'.in. Last
tvfo act* of "La Dame aux Cumeltas."
SEATS ON PALE THIS MORNING.
LAST WEEK.
FISKE
TO-KJGHT AXD BALANCE OF WEEK.
"BECKY SHARP."
ONLT MATCCEB 8ATTEDAT.
Next EnsCay Afternoon, tha Grett Bcenio
Eer.satioa,
n THE WAIFS OF NEW YORK."
Reecnjptlon cf cur Former Popular Prices.
SPECIAL !
The Wor!li DistJnrulshed VIOLINIST.
LEONORA JACKSON
IK TWO RECITALS— Monday Afternoon. Feb.
11. and Wednesday Afternoon. Feb. 20.
Assisted by MISS JOSEPHINE ELBURXA.
Scjjrano. and MR. s'ELDES PRATT.
Accompanist.
PRICES— Jl X>, tl. 60t
Ceats en tale at box office of California
Theater.
MATINEE TO-DAY 2i30"-T0-H!GHT 8:30.
Friday Afternoon and EveiiJnir. Saturday Af-
ternoon ar.d Evcnir.r. '•Farewell" Concerts.
SOUSA jQt
¦ AND HIS BAND /K*VS*§r
ELAN'CKE DUFFIELD.. Soprano r^^^^
BERTHA ErCKLIN....Violinl»t* •^iS^'
THE NEVl- SOfSA MAR<~H— "HAIL. TO THE
SPIRIT OF LIBEBTT."
MACDONOUGH THEATER, OAKLAND.—
Eur.rtay evening. February 17, Special— SOUSA
KIOHT.
Next Sunday Afternoon. Feb. 17 — "TTncle Josh
It Bpruceby." Urual Alhairstora Popular Price*.
A Bill Guaranteed to Please Everybody.
TDALENE COTTON AND NICK LONG.
DOROTHY BTUDEBAKER. GEORGE
AUSTIN MOORE. MIKRAT AND LANE.
KATHRTN OSTERMAN, LIZZIE AND
VINIE DALT. EMPIRE CITT QUARTET,
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPIL
LAST WEEK OF
TEE NINE NELSONS.
R**srved seats. 25c; baJconr. V>c; opera chairs
tr.d box seats. SOe.
Katlneea Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SECOND WEEK— BIO HIT!
EVENINGS AT S. MATINEE BAT. AT 2.
THE PASTORAL HIT!
GWYNNE !
TUESDAY. Feb. 1*— •'EAGLES' NIGHT."
Monday. F<eb. IS— WIZARD OF THE NILE.
With "HOOT MON" WHEELAN.
POPTLAR PRICES 25 and E0 cents
Tel-phone— Bush 9.
* BELASCOwTHALESjfefi^. \
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening Th!» We«k.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Grand Production* Wm. A. Brady's Famous
Success.
AFTER DARK.
By WlZkle Collins and Dion Bouclcault.
The Lcndon dock ccene with real
OLL. water, boat*, etc, -the tannel scene
with the "Flying Scotchman" and the music
hall scene. Introducing epeclaltiei. boxlns
matches, etc. A GREAT PRODUCTION.
DDtrEC Evenings l»c. lie. 25c. JSc. &0o
r&ILt> M&tinee» 10c. 15c, 2So
Next Week— "CHTMMIE FADDEN."
OLYMF1A £RZ£5Sz*
THK ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
THE CITY.
WILLIAM~DE BOE,
"Who Juggles While Standing on Hla Head on
Aerial Wire.
Ernest hauser,
The King of Xylophone Artists.
QDERITA^VINCENT,
A Character Vocalist and Dancer.
ANT* OUR CELEBRATED PTOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
— AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY!
ADMISSION FREE!
RACING ! RACIlJG I RACING I
1300— WINTER MEETING— 19CL
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FEB. 11 TO FEB. 21. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raelncr Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
£*v Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Kaces start at 2:15 P- xa. tharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ean Frsncltco at 12 m. and
1120 i, 1:50. J. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
wltto train* stopping at the entrance t-» the
trtck Lett two cars on train reserved for
lxcles and their escorts; no f rooking. Buy your
feTTy tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vl»
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
«-;cetrlc r-ar* at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
I*n«. Alro all trains via Alameda roole con-
r.i-ct with San Pablo aveoue cars at Fourteenth
etd Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
ro direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
P.etuming— Train* leave the track at 4:1S and
4;«o p. m. and Immediately after the laet race.
THOMAS H. WTLLIAMS JR.. President.
R. li. MILKOY. Secretary. -
r SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S B4LL
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT S:1S.
LAST RECITAL OF
GODOWSKY the Great Pianist.
Reaerved Seats-$2. «1 » and tL On sale at
F-herman. Clay A Co.'a. •
PT^PHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOl/ntn D Admission 10c.
* t,A MOXT JUVENILE CO. and Fairy Ballet.
M>«d and Mrs. Georgie Cooper. All Zada, Sue
'^krl. John \\*halen, Lillian Levey and tho
: SJarcos.
Reeeired 6eats, 2E& Matlr.et Bandar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
YOU CAN LEAD A BORSE
To water but you can't make him drink-
so, too. you can send your linen to a laun-
dry, but you can't be sure It will be laun-
dered to your satisfaction unless we're
at the other end of the line. Instead of
taking any more chances Just phone South
420 for our wagon to call, and we'll show
you the perfection of modern laundering
for the same prices you are now paying
for inferior work.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004- Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
$10 RUPTURE CURED
torn TEN DOLLARS.
Z-^ixmnr&^y- Aa£v^"t Thousands liar." t*f n rureil
~3ftfl3HaE* * StSSKSS- at their own home* f»r th.s
p£S£asg&g£ S* -:^ >1 ~r) »maU prw-e. Greatest In.
xMt§±z?i '' r ISS&^y rentioaof theAse. seenr-
illlllsX Ity and pomf crt to the rnp-
| te g^^sjt*f l tS^u-^"^ tare<l. No worth'.M* Mlve*
orloti3r*torabon. Itnor*
\z/ *' lw» the work. Investlsate!
"Bo«Urt7(«. 1" BiTtnfr lull Information matted, tinmedU
DR. HALL'S fi£LNYIG0&AT0£Srn«|
Five hundred reward for any \^AS>*gr
case we cannot cure. This secret pH BO
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. I -*•
cures Emissions. Impotoncy, Varl- na
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Jiff R^
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all XJX Llj
wasting effects of solf-abu9« or Jtgt
excens?s. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 U Y»WWHS»<
bottles, S3: ruaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL.-S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 Vi
M«rket st., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J C HI II £ f A fv> Battery Stwrt.
J- W- . n lLJiJA G CU-. Telephona Main UK
€OPPERSMITH.
CW tMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
• n* 1(11 111 ship Work a specialty. 18 and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main S6U.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^. RflYFS * C\) PbJpplxig Butchers. IM
JA> bVl E3 Q LI/, clay. TeL Mala 12M.
1
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS LEONARD St ELLI3.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Mala 1719.
PRINTING.
EC- HUSHES, mB^gur'
PRINTERS. BO3 BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JCDD CO..
O First »t.. Saa Franetseo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
hl ° PA8TRIDfiE *» SSK»*
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
CARTERS
vS*O3lttvel7 cored try tbeio
little Pills.
also relieve Dktrcss from PjspepJfr
tadigextioa and Too Hearty Eating. A per-*
fixt cerxMdy fear Dlsxlncsj, Nausea, DnnraS*
ness, Bad Taste to the Mcrtith, Coated Tcnguc
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Boards. , Purdy Vegetable. ;'
SmaU Pin. Small Dose*
\ Small Price*' ~
eONE PIIDPC
j. bottle tuntS
I MCBURIMEY'S
f lYiuiiey curb
A thorough cure lor
* pains In the back,
. BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
> female troubles, incon-
. brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of cbildreitr gravel, gall ftones,
<iroj>sv, diabetes, and rhpmnatisrn.
FOR SALE AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 113 Market St..
AND AT •
DAHLBENDZB DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny st..
Feed 25c tn 2c stamps to \V. F. McBurnry.
418 S. F^rinR at.. Los AmtflfJ. Cal.. for S
<»y«'. treatment. Prepaid 11 50. Drupsrlsts.
BEflarisafii^L^^^g^^- jyii? : ,f3f*Sfy^***^^!iM^Biinf 'jjl I
nil ipr These hotels pos-
\ /\Lf\yt sess the attributes
that tourists and
pnfl travelers appreciate
""*• —central location,
P R A M R liberal manage-
UllAlllj ment, modern ap-
IlftTri rt pointments and
KUIlLoi p A erfcct &»&%
* American and Eu-
San FrailCiSCO. ropean plans.
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
I KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, en line of railroad. " Jor i
rale. Splendid chanca for those about to
form an oil company. XEWTON. CAR-
MEN & SOMES <S. a MASON, agent).
101 Chronicle bid?.. Ean Francisco.
PUTT nn\/A! Corne r Fourth and
I . U I I Hill Ul ou " Special Bre^
valises checked free
AMUSEMENTS.
fLVHEATR E^aT
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK,
A AUGUST1N
NIGHT 'BEWflKST
OFF/! _ C0MEDY
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Next Week— "WHAT HAPPENED TO
JOXES."
CHUTES^and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT:
LAST TIME OP
THE AMATEURS
BROWNIE SHOW!
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS* PARK 21.
*THb SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN* PARK.
Contlnuoui Racing. Beginning: Monday, Feb-
ruary 11, 190L
BIX OR MORE RACES -EACH "WEEK DAT.
Six Etak« Events. Three Hurdle Races and
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THK DAT. AT 2:10 P. M.
Train* leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanroran Park at 7. 10:40. 11:30 a. m.. 1. 1:39
and 2 d. m. Tralnn leave Tanforan Park for
Ean Francisco at 4:15 p. m.. followed after the
1«M race at Intervals of a few minutes by sev-
eral specials. Se&ts In rear cars reserved for
ladi's and their escort*. Admission to course,
Including railroad fare. Jl 25.
MILTON 8. LATHAM. SecrcUry. •
EDWARD POWERS. Raclnr Secretary.
THE HENSGHEtS
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THISEVENINGi
PRICE&r-75c. tl. tl SO. tt."
Seats oa sale at Sherman, Clay * Co.'*,
I Sutler and Kearny streets.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known Au-
thority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Dr. W. 55. Rice. 418 W. Main et., Adams, X.
T., will send free to any one who is ruptured
or knows of any person ruptured, whether a
man, woman or child, a free trial of his fa-
MR. R. W. YOUREX.
mcus . home cure. It b a marvelous method,
curing cases that defied hospitals, doctors.
trusses, electricity and all else. Merely send
your name and addres? and the free trial will
be sent without any cost to you whatever.
R. W. Yourex, a well-known commercial trav-
eler, was ruptured ten years, tried every truss
on )h» market, partly made up his mind to
undergo the danger oi an operation, when by
the (?rcate»t of good luck he tried the Dr. Rice
method. He Is now cured.
Mr. Yourex says: "I tried Dr. Rice's method
and It cured me. I did not lpse a day on the
road. Hundreds of merchants and friends In
Illinois. Wisconsin. Minnesota and Iowa know
the wonderful fact that this remarkable
method cured me and I certainly feel thankful
enough to tell other ruptured people how they
may profit by my experience." Mr. Yourex
lives tn Cedar Rapids. Iowa, at 222^ First
8venue.
Every ruptured person ought to send at once
and make a trial of this method that cures
without pain, danger, operation or an hour's
loss of time. Begin now and In a short time
you will never know you had been ruptured.
Write to-day cure. \
t Cured While
You Sleepy.
In Fifteen Days
•Gran-SolTcnt" dissolve* Stricture like snow b*>
neith tbe sun, reduce* Knlarged Prostate t «b4
strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains im
Emissions In Fifteen Days.-
No dmgs to ruin tho ttomach, tmt* direct local
tad posItlTC application to tlie entire urethra] track
Gran-Solvent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared if
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth ondfloxltl»
tad to narrow as to pass tbe closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe 8V. James Aesn., Box 8&, Cincinnati, O.. hat
prepared at great expense an exhaust- pnrrl
he illustrator Treatise upon tht male LULL I
. system, whtcb tb*» will send to *ny f fl |T T 1
¦sale applicant, lllaWBaii
SL JAMES ASSN 230 elm ST.,
31. JAUILO A33n., Cincinnati! Ohio.
1 Is entirely free from any g ¥^ £^'§ "T* I
J artificial matter. % /^ F j> FA .W
I Made wholly from care- u ffl
I fully selected California \COFFEE^j
I fruits and grains. r^^ I
I It makes a most palatable drink— a satisfying I
substitute for coffee and tea. |
j J^ i °/^\^ Frec samples at your |
\'M \ grocers. Ask for one. - J
M - »i 1 Boil from 5 to J0 minutes only. |
I\ &* O /o 1 ALL GROCERS SELL §
8 >£ mil^^ Figprune Cereal. INEW YORK. Feb. 13.— Weakness In the
English market to some extent checked busi
ness in local and Western circles but failed
to appreciably affect prices. From j opening to
closing business was slow. : with buyers sjid
sellers In nearly all departments waiting fur
ther developments abroad before taking radical
"tfPs *n either direction. In London . tin" de-
Ji e< i.,H s " ?• closln S at ,£122 2s Cd/ for spot
and £117 12s 6d for ; futures. Copper in Lon
don declined 10s. spot closing at £71 5s t and
futures at £71 16s 3d. Iron abroad also eased
a trine. The quotation In Glasgow was cabled
New York-Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 13.— The cotton market
developed positive weakness to-day in the ab
sence of any public interest to overcome the
more or less general adverse conditions. Cables
were disappointing, with * Liverpool showing a
»°i {?£*£* . '." spot W lces and a decline
of 1H^3V4 points in futures. The local market
opened at a decline of 3©7 points and gave
way 1 to 20 points further. -Jr ¦
Nczu York Cotton Market.
LIVERPOOL.
rt J v " h . e * t - March. May.
Opening 5 lui h nii
CloEi "B :..... 5 ll>i 6 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May- Aug.
Opening - M K 2 £ 70 8
Fl — * * 19 50 20 70/
Operiins 25 23 26 70
>CIosln e 25 45 26 70
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
\\heat bushels 132,000 146.000
Corn, bushels 6 7!>.000 \ 268,000
Oats, bushels .1 85S.O0O 355,000
Rye bushels 32 ,OOO 3,000
Barley, bushels 127.000 33.003
On the Produce Exchange to-day tho Butter
«?,"?« was^ flrm - Creameries. 14@21c; Dairies,
aulffr^is?^' aCtlVC '
Cash quotations were as follows: .
Flour, dull; No. 3 spring wheat, 6S l J©7:i4c'
No. 2 red, "VMi'^c; No. 2 corn, 3S'ic-- No 2
yellow, 38V£c; No. 2 oats, 25 1 ,&©2o%c: No •>
white. 27»i??2S«4c; N a 3 white. 27<fj:2S%c: No 2
rye, 51c; fair to choice malting barley ¦WaGDc-
Xo. 1 nax seed, U 64; No. 1 Northwestern'
« 6j; prime timothy seed, $i 50; mess pork 'per
barrel. $13 96©14; lard, per 100 pounds. J7 4''u
@~ 43; short ribs sides (loose), $7Jj7 *0- dry
Falted shoulders (bo.Ted), 6MI^S%c: short 'clear
sides (boxed), J7 25@7 40; whisky, basis of high
wines, $127; sugars, cut ' loaf, 6.29c; granu
lated, D.72c; confectioners' A, 5?&9c; clover
contract grade. $11@11 15. '
NEW TORK. Feb. 13.— Speculative liquida
tion w^s the order of the day on the stock
market and toward the <;lose of the day the
relling became urgent In some of the stocks
which have been highly manipulated In the
progress of the extended advance. The de
pletion of margins and the uncovering of stop-
Joes orders were evidently responsible for some
of the heavy offerings of stock which were
tumbled upon the market in growing volume
£« the decline in prices proceeded. Generally
epeaking there was a feeling in speculative
circles that "the good news was all out," to
ute a favorite Wall btreet phrase. The fact
that the day's news did not bring any an
nouncement of a new gigantic combination In
prctpect or in course st achievement probably
had much to do with this feeling. The highly
Feaeoned fare to which the Wall street palate
haj; betn accustomed leaves the speculation
rather fiat without Its accuftomed "bracer" of '
s. financial consolidation running up Into the .
millions. The disinclination to look for further
Important development in the immediate fu
ture wan emph&fiized by the current reports
of contemplated winter vacation trips by sev
eral cf the capitalists who have been foremost
figures In* the treat financial projects which
have recently dazzled the speculative world.
There has been daily and even hourly ex
j.f.'tfiti'.ii that the details of the financial plan
jor effecting a merger of the steel combina
tions would be officially given to the public.
The delay in giving out this Information has
been trying to the nerves of eome of the spec
ulators long of the rteel stocks and they
tought relief to-day niore than on previous
occatfons since the projected merger deal be
came known by unloading their holdlncs. The
repeated rebuffs which the bears have received
have made them very timid and there was
not much evidence of a demand to cover short
accounts even at considerable declines. There
was undoubtedly large short Belling, however,
!'»-day in the belief that an extended period of
reaction had been fairly inaugurated; a belief
which has been indulged In many times before
in th«> course of the recent extraordinary mar
ket. The course or affairs in the money mar
ket p&ve substantial ground for apprehension
on the part of speculator* depending on loans
for carrying: their holdings. It is evident that
the recent enormous extension of credits for
financial railroad combinations has much cur
tailed the future reso-.u-ces of the money mar
ket. The reflux of funds from circulation is
distinctly In* with tne growing activity of
business requirements Incident to the wiring
trade. The absence of American subscriptions
of any Important volume to the new British
loen exciu* comment. It Is due in part to
tire c-oier conditions of the foreign money
market, which remit at present is unattractive
to American Investor*, but there can be no
doubt that the narrowed surplus resources of
the New York market also had to do with pre
venting American bids for the loan. London
was a large speculative buyer Of stocks here
this morning, especially of Atchison and Nor
folk and Wtetern. but the heavy profit-taking
overcame the London buying and ewept nearly
everything in the market below the Monday
level. Western Cnlon and St. Louie and San
Francisco second prefixed were conspicuously
rtrong and retained en.all gains. The most
acute weakness v.-es shewn by Sugar, Missouri
PaelSc, the eteel blocks. Tobacco and the
nani-crK and Pacifies generally. The market
closed under pressure and near the lowest.
lionds were weak in sympathy with stocks.
Totfil sales, vzr value. il,3C5,000.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Eh&rcs Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
7S.CC0 Atchison '. S5%
3S.&00 Atchlson prefd &£
New York Stock Market.
San Francisco and vicinity — Showers Thurs
day: brisk southeasterly winds, changing to
southwesterly. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
* *
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
•w^a'.hT Thursday, with showers in northern
portion; light northerly, changing to Eouth
wetterly, winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday; rain or snow in
western lorticn.
Utah— lair Thursday.
Northern California — Showers Thur^dav:
warmer in the interior: fresh southerly winls
in the interior; high southeast winds en the
coa*t.
Rain has fallen from Point Conception
northward and in the great valleys south as
lar a* Fresno.
Forecast made at San Francisco fcr thirty
hours, endinc midnight February 14. 1901:
The temperature has fallen slowly along the
coaft Fouth af San Francisco, and has risen
north of that r^int.
A norm cf moderate enercy lies off the
coast of Washington and Oregon, and will
probably move slowly eastward. Southeast
Ftorra warnings are displayed from San Fran
cisc-o northward.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Over
Washington ar.d Northern Oregon there has
b'-en a fall of 2-10 of an inch during the i-ast
i< ho-rs.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature
£2. mir.irr.um 46, mean 4S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
February 73 : ,» 73*4 73% 73%
March 7Z% 74H 73H 7I*»
May 75H 76 75 76'
Corn No. 2—
February 33
March 38^ 384 i 38H S8Vi
Way 39% 39% , 33H .39ft
Oats No. 2—
February 24*4 24V, 2t% 24»i
May £3H 25V4 25U 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
February ;. 13 92U
May 14 10 14 15 14 05 U 1ZK
Lard, per 100 pounds-
February 7 42H 7 47U 7 42',4 7 47^4
March : 7 471?
May 7 5:4 7 55 7'5o" 7 55
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
February 705
May 7 07^ 7 10 7 05 '7 10
September 7 17Vfe 7 22'^ 7 17^ 7 22'/,
CHICAGO. Feb. 13.— Following the opening
depression, v.-hlch seemed In perfect consonance
with the news nnd statistics of the day, the
wheat market behaved in arTextremely bullish
manner. Speculation students paired off the
Continental strength against Liverpool's fail
ure to resoond to advances on thN
side and laid the rest to a covering
movement. May wheat opened at 75@75 ! /bC
Commission-houses bought on a fairly liberal
scale, meanwhile selling July, which sold at
a discount of l%c under May. At the advance
local shorts came Into the market and In bid
ding for tightly held wheat sent the price up
to 75*i?J75 7 /(ic. In this rally sympathy with the
corn .market was influential, but the world's
visible showed an Increase of 1.700,000 bushels
tnd occasioned pelling from both bulls and
bears, nnder which the market reacted to
75%ii775>ic. Again inquiry was renewed only
to find t*m iittle was for sile. May was
forced sharply to 7Gc and the close was strong,
%c over Monday, at T5' 7 /iiQ76c.
Corn paid some deference to the opening
wheat easlnr-ss. May closed %c down at 33%c.
Tho market eared oiT on realizing sales.
Oats were dull and fpatureless, with the
>-trade nearly all local. May closed unchanged
at 2;.%c.
Provisions ruled dull but steady, trade being
confined to local Interests. The opening was
a shade easier because of heavy hog receipts
and lower prices at the yards, but the market
steadied later in sympathy with the grain mar
kets. May pork closed unchanged, lard 2>4c
higher, ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows-
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. -. 12@13c : Asparagus
from 1 Sacramento." 15<S35c per lb; from Bouldiii
Island, 40c; Green Peas, OjJSc per lb; String
POTATOES— Early - Rose, ; 65® 73c; Burbanits
33@50c* for. River, •- $1©1 25 per ctl for Salinas
6nd ( 65c@$l- for Oregon ; ; Garnet Chiles, from
Oregon, 60@70c; : Sweets, $l@l 05 for Merced
-ONIONS— $2@2 50 per ctl; Cut Onions ,- tl 25®
1 B0 per ctl: • • !: t
Rhubarb is scarce and much higher. Cab
bage has advanced. Other Vegetables rule firm
at the high prices. <- '.-».-*"•. - " •• ¦
Onions have again . advanced and are getting
ecarce. There : Is . little new In Potatoes, ex
cept , that Oregon Garnet Chiles are , weaker.
New. Potatoes from Nlles sold at 3c per lb.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard,' nominal;. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3V4®
Hie for ¦ Eastern; Alfalfa. 1 7%<p%c: Rape, 2@
SliC-'Hemp. 3V4@3%c; Timothy. 6V4c v
. DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2@2 50; Green. J2 70
@3 per ctl ; . Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BKANS — Bayos, $2 50@2 75; Small White.
14 60@4 90;- Large, White, $4@4 25; Pink, $2 150
2 3".; Red, J3@3 50; Blackeye, $3<g"C 25; Ltmas,
15 60® 5 70; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney. *3 75©4per ctl. .
Thus far the Government has taken 60,000
lbs large White Beans under the last tenders,
and bids for 20.000 lbs more will be opened on
the 21st. The policy ecems.to be to buy In
smaller quantities and more frequently in
order not to advance the market. Prices re
main aa. before. '
Beans and Seeds.
Bran is COc higher again and very scarce.
There Is no change In Hay. the market being
steady with moderate receipts.
nRAN-$16(?n7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-J16 50019 50 per ton,
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at tho mlll..$25®26: Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, *17@18; Corn Meal. %2S
©25 50; Cracked Corn, .$25 5D@26; Mixed Feed,
J15016. .
HAY — Volunteer. $51?S: . Wheat. $11@13;
Wheat and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $0@U 50: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Barley. ?7 50@3 50
Pe STRAW-33@47^c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@
J3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 13ff3 23;
Oregon, $2 7502 S5 per barrel for family and
X2 75©3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers". $2 73
"MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour $2 .«; Rye
Meal. $2 CO: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, J2 .0;
extra cream do, *3 GO; Oat Groats. $4 oO« Hom
iny $3 EOII53 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4^4 2a;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 &0; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), H@
7 25; In sacks. f5 75©7; Pearl Barley, %5; Spilt
Pea* *5; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White. $1 30@l £0; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 25@1 40 for Feed and' tl 35@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, ?1 17V£®1 20;
for* Seed, $1 25iSl 30 pr ctl.
CORN— Is etlll neglected and nominal. Yel
low, tl 12',4®1 15; White, $1 15; Eastern, mixed,
II 12V4 per ctl. ' ¦ • --
RYE— Wenk with free selling: at 82V4@S5c per
ctl. There is no lack of stock. . . •;. - .
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
69'ic. December— 2000, 68c.
• Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
A/t«rnoon Session— May— 20CO ctls, 60c.
OATS— The market shows no change what
ever.
CALL BOARD SALES
Feed. 75c for choice bright. 72^@73?ic for No.
1 and 70c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77V4S&2Hc; Chevalier, • nominal.
BARLEY— It was reported on "Change yes
terday that Milwaukee parties had sent out
feelers here for lOO.CfO bushels of Chevalier
and Bay Brewing, asking for quotations. It
appears that there Is a shortage there. Other
wise there Is nothing new, the market being
dull and featureless, with a further weaken
ing In futures.
Second Session— May— 40C0 ctls. $1 OCvi: COCO,
fiOOVfc; 40C0. fl C0%. December— 2000. $104%;
20,000. $1 04%.
Rpgular Morning Session— May — 4000 ctls,
$1 00»i; 6000. |1 OflTi. December— 14.000. $105.
Afternoon Session— May— 12. COO ctls, $1 OL
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
U 01%; 60C0, U 01. December— 1000, $1 05%;
10.000. $1 05. ' -\ - it-
CALL EOARD SALES.
Chicago opened a shade lower on unrespon
sive cables. The demand was small. St. Louis
bought May. Liberal world's shipments and
Increasing quantities on passage keep the mar
ket weak.
In the local market futures were practically
lower, but spot quotations were undisturbed.
Spot Wheat— Snipping, 96*4c; milling, ii\c<Q
%l C2Vs per ctl.
WHEAT— Paris and New York were slightly
higher. Liverpool was unchanged. .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ' J4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S9«,£
Sterling Cables — 4 90V»
New York Exchange, sight — liVi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
j Last I This Last
STATIONS. ;24 Hours, Season. Season.
Eureka j .76 j C2.2S 42. b%
Red BlufT .02 19.13 15.29
Sacramento 04 13. s") 13. C9
Fan Francisco 03 14. €2 14.57
Fresno Trace 9.3U 6.15
Independence 4.?3 2.09
San Luis Obisipo 26.6* 12.50
L^s Angelas .... i 13. M I 4.57
Ran Diego | .... [ S.50 1 2.65
NEW TOr.K, Feb. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts.
3O.4M; exports, I2.9So; firmer and a trifle more
active on the rise In wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 90,900 bushels; exports,
1S9.495; spot. firm. No. 2 red. Sic f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 79Hc elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, S7;jc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
90',ic f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady Rnd at once expanded
into positive strength which lasted with few
exceptions all day. closed strong at %c net
advance. March. 79%(ff79 7 tc closed 79%c; May.
' 79 l-lfi@S0%c, closed SOVic; July, 73 6-16c@S0c.
closed SOc.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES- Steady. .
WOOL— Dull. .
COFFEE— Futures closed barely steady with
prices net unchanged to 5 points higher. Total
sales. 5500 bales, including: February and
March at 5.60c; May and June, 5.70c; Septem
ber. S.SOc; October, E.S3c and December. 6c.
Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 7c; mild, quiet;
Cordova. S@12c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13,055 packages; firm;
fresh creamery, 16@22c; June creamery, 15@
20c: factory, ll@14',4c. '
EGGS— Receipts. 13.297 packages; unsettled.
Western at mark, 10H l S195'ic; southern at mark.
19§19M:C.
New York Grain and Produce.
B.700 Baltimore & Ohio Jl
Canadian Pacific &0«i
7V) Canadian Southern J7
7.100 Chesapeake & Ohio 41
2,600 Chicago Great Western 19*4
10,f00 Chicago Burlington & Quincy...... 13S?i !
7. 1C0 Chlcaco Ind & Louisville 21 :
2.600 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd CS
7.t«fl Chicago & Eastern Illinois 107*4
200 Chlcaco & Northwestern 171
9.000 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific.... 123%
1.900 C C C & Pi Louis 75*4
l?.Si0 Colorado Southern 10
2.100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45^
2.6fiO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19=>i
£,7u0 Delaware & Hudson 153Va
300 Delaware Lack & Western 134
S.T'X) Denver & Rio Grande 42
1.200 Denver & Rio Grande rrefd SSV4 !
33.100 Erie 2S% I
10.200 Erie 1st r-refd 65
1.2^0 Great Northern prefd .' 191
10") Hocking Coal 16
l.'/x) Horking Valley 46^ j
e.OOrt Illinois Central 12V-2
2">j lews Central 25%
2>"K) Iowa Central crefd 53
£00 Luke Erie & Western 43
Lake Erie & Western prefd 112
Lake Shore 220
I1.30O Louisville •& Nashville Sl%
10.100 Manhattan L 117Vi
4,fw Metropolitan Street Railway 161'gi
12.900 Mexican Ontral 17»*
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 71
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 100
f.,onn Missouri Pacific 8S>, B
300 Mobile & Ohio 73U
4.600 Missouri Kansas & Texas 20H
9,*im1 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd... bS\ )
£00 New Jersey Central 153%
1.500 New York Central 143
15,000 Norfolk & Western 46U
Norfolk & Western prefd SI
£3.300 Northern Pacific 83'i
1,500 Northern Pacific prefd 57h
11,400 Ontario & Western 22H
Oregon Ry & Nav 12
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
9.7M Pennsylvania '. 14Svg
23.100 Reading 32>i
21.100 Readine 1st Drefd 74%
25.300 Reading Id Drefd 43"i
Rio Grande Western 75
10.600 Rio Grande Western prefd 93
300 St Louis & Fan Francisco 22%
10.500 Ft Louis & San Fran 1st prefd SI 1 *
6.S00 Pt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 60%
7.S<XI St Louis Southwestern 2<5»,
14,4<X) 5t Louis Southwestern prefd E6U
1,600 St Paul 149%
St Paul rrefd 190
Bt Paul & Omaha 125
44.HK) Southern Pacific 45H
14.500 Southern Railway 22»»
S.10O Southern Railway prefd ~5 l ,»
14,100 Texas & Pacific 2? 6 i j
6S.100 Union Pacific 94i,i 1
7.600 Union Pacific Drefd 87% j
12.100 Wahash 17** |
1S.4<J> Wahash prefd 31
4.4i"0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 34\4 j
4.000 Wheeling & Lake Erie rrefd 3H, 1
7.K-0 Wisconsin Central lS'j
10O Third Avenue 121 j
Baltimore &¦ Ohio S6\
4.1W National Tube »>7
1.E.0O National Tube prefd 105
Express Companies — •
Adams 1",5
American 183 1
200 United States 57'j
Wplls-Farpo 140 |
Miscellaneous— ¦
2,500 American Cotton Oil 30 \
American Cotton Oil prefd S7'/s !
100 American Malting 4H'
American Malting prefd ..-. 24'^ j
S0.700 American Smelting & Refng Sfiife
£.000 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 96 ,
American Spirits 2
American Spirit? prefd 17
2,700 American Steel Hoop 29*i :
3% American Steel Hoop prefd 75H
o.S.100 American Steel & Wire 50 7 j
2. 200 American Steel & Wire prefd 93>i
IO.WiO American Tin Plate 64 s ,
1.2C0 American Tin Plate prefd 91
1,700 American Tobacco 115
10<) American Tobacco prefd '..140
1.000 Anaconda Mining Co 4"iH
18.200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7$«A
6.W.0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45'4
17,040 Continental Tobacco 45%
500 Continental Tobacco prefd S6
2S.K4 Federal i?teel .....; ioy t
13,300 Federal Steel prefd SO
2.&00 General Electric 19S>i
Glucose SuKar .....47%
2C0 Oluco«e Su«ar prefd 94
2.7C0 International Paper 23
1,500 International Paper prefd 73
100 Loclede Gas 76
l.CCO National Biscuit 3S%
National Biscuit prefd 90
100 National Lead 17%
National Lead prefd R7
6,500 National Steel 4SV4
3.200 National Steel prefd 95U
New York Air Brake 133
2 200. North American 21
....... Pacific Coast II
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S7
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
Pacific Mail 43
9.400 People's Gas mi'4
1.000 Pressed Steel Car 3S
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 35U
200 Pullman Palace Car 198
300 Standard Rcpe & Twine 5
S4/.-00 Sugrar 136"i
Sugar prefd 119 1 *
1.S00 Tennessee Coal & Iron G3^
6,200 Urjited States Leather U'i
500 United States Leather prefd t 74%
SOO United States Rubber 20%
100 United States Rubber prefd 60
50.900 Western Union 89',£
6.S00 Amalpamated Copper ..*. 92
C.100 Republic Iron & Steel 16',;
1.7C0 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 62
P C C & St Louis C3V4
1,121,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 refunding 2s IN Y Cent lsts 107^
reg 105U|N J Cent gen 5s 129
do ooup 105?s No Pac 2s 71
<1o Ss reg lio-^ do 4s 105%
do coup IWi N Y C & St L 4s..lO8»4
rto new 4s reg....l37 t ,« Norf & W con 4s. .102
60 coup 1371,4 Or Nav lsts 107
do old 4s reg 113'i do 4s 103"4
do coup 11311 Or S Line 6s 12S
do Es rejr llO'.i do con 6s 116H
do coup llOVfc Reading gen 4s .... 91»4
Dis of Col S.KS....125 R G West lsts. ...100
Atchisoq sen 4s ..103^4 St L & I M con 5s.ll6ii
do adj 4a 92«i St L & S F Ken Cs.129%
Can So 2ds 110 St Paul cons....... 185
! Ches & Ohio 4',4s..lO7 St P C & Pac lsts.HS^
do 5s 122 do 5s 120V4
C &. N W con 7s...l39»4jSo Pac 4s SOU
do S F deb 5s 124 1S0 Railway 5s 116 ¦
Chi Term 4s 97 S Rope & T 6s . 62
Colo So 4s S6Vt Tex & Pac lsts 116%
D&.RG4S 102U do 2ds 97.
Erie gen 4s , S4 Union Pac 4s .lOCVi
Ft W & D Cilsts.. S3 1 * Wabash lsts 119H
Gen Elec 5s' Klhi do 2ds Ill
Iowa Central lsts..llfi',i West Shore 4s 114%
L & Na*h uni 4s. .100*4 WIs Cent lets...... 8SV;
M K fc T 2ds 7SVj Va Centuries 86
do 4s 97^
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con . ... 20iLlttle Chief .... 14
Alice 45:Ontario , 6 00
Brecce 2 OOjOphir 30
Brunswick Con ... 34 Phoenix C9
Comstock Tunnel.. 04|Potoel 05
Con Cal & Va 1 f.5 Savage 15
Deadwood Terra... L3|Sierra Nevada 13
Horn Silver ... 1 ISlSmalf Hopes" 60
Iron. Silver 6G;Standard 4 15
Leadvllie Con .... 00 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land ....... 3
Call loans 2(4@3 West End 93%
Time loans .*...3g£4 Westlngh Elec 55U
Stock*— Bonds—
Atchison t&ri Atchlson 4s 101
do prefd 87% N E G & Coke 6s.. 67}4
Am Sugar 136% Mining (shares—
do prefd .......11S 1^ Adventure .......... 1414
Bell Telephone ...162 Blngham ... ....1954
Boston & Albany. .234 Amaljr Copper .... 90 '
Boston Elevated ..16S j Atlantic ........... 28
Boston & Maine ..195 ¦ Boston & Mont... .323
C B & Q ...138% Butte & Boston.... S2 *
Dom Coal ...36 Calumet & Hecla..8S8
do prefd- :...109«i Centennial ...... ...H
Fed Steel ."..; SOU I Franklin 20%
do prefd .80. mumboldt 60
C2Cth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 13—5 p. m.
The followinjr are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
la»t season, and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Weather Report.
raislr.s. Inquiry both from points In the Mid
dle West and from local sources has resulted
In a very good afgropate business and there
has been a better activity than In pome time.
Files of a number of cars of S-erown have
been rr.a<Je at priors understood to be from
f^iC net to around &%c. and th!e trade Is be
lieved to have cleaned up all lots of any Im
portance offering at low prices. Holders are
now generally firm at C^fi-ic California iayer
raisins, on the other hand, are still lower.
and tales of 1000 boxes 2-crown and 3-crown
were reported yesterday at around present quo
ta:Ion5. Seedless muscatels are quoted lower
and ar<* In only slight letjuert. California Sul
tanaa and sailed raisins are dull and un
changed. Imported r&isins are little wanted.
"Prunes are etill eap;»r, but Jobbing demand
continues fair, glzes S0-9Os, which have been
among the El^west sellers on the list, have
r*en reduced about 4c. and are now poing out
mor# freely. There is a little better request
also fcr 70-f¥, which are al?o lower. Nineties
and 4P-30s continue to be wanted, and supplies
are reported t*>cominj comparatively reduced.
"Currants are stea.1v. but demand la light.
Dates and figs are unciiar.ped. Some Jobbing
Inquiry Is noted for i>c-eled peaches, but no
business of ar.y importance Is reported. Evap
orated apples ar» dull and easy. Nuts are in
active, except for Jordan Fhelled. which are
creeling with quite a g^od sale at 31c."
Mall report* from New York say: "There Is
a considerably better filing; in California lore?
Prunes and Raisins in Nczv York.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 13—2:30 p. m
Board —
50 American Fuel 25
100 Homestake .~.. ....... 9 00
SCO Independence i 17
100 Junction 70
100 Junction 72
400 Junction ....< 73
20 Kern Oil Company 11 37%
100 Monarch of Arizona 76
25 Monte Crlsto 2 50
550 Occidental of West Virginia 71
10 Oil City Petroleum 38 00
.23 Peerless. ...." 8 62%
2300 Petroleum Center 21
700 Reed Crude Oil Co 63
40 San Joaquln Oil and Development.. 12 25
100 Superior 29
125 Twenty-eight 2 13
100 Wolverine 153
Afternoon 'Session.
400 California Standard 39
25 Four Oil Company .:'.'... 59
100 Four Oil Company 60
10 Kern Oil Company 11 25
20 Kern Oil Company 1112%
90 Kern OH Company 11 00
20 Kern River IS 30
3300 Lion Oil Company 22.
300 McKittrick Consolidated 20
10O Monarch " of Arizona 75
200 Monarch of Arizona 73
100 Monarch of Arizona 74
200 Occidental of West Virginia 71
850 Occidental -of West Virginia 70
1000 Reed Crude' Oil Company 63
100 San Joaquln Oil and Development.. 12 25
100 San Joaquln OH and Development.. 12 12*a
20O Superior i... '¦ 30
300 Wolverine 150
Street— . g ' ." v ,' '
200 Lion Oil Company 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Beard —
10 California Safe Deposit 10o o0
40 California Wine Association 100 00
$'000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 108 2a
23 Equitable Gas « ? 12%
'ICO Giant Powder Con ;J S2f
175 Honokaa Sugar Co 3- 8.%
• 50 Honokaa Sugar Co. cash 32 S.%
ICO Hutchlnson S P Co « 00
60 Makaweli Sugar Co « «W
250 Paauhau S P Co 34 00
100 Pacific Gas Improvement ** £
15 Pacific Gas Improvement 45 00
$0 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 00
. 35SF Gas & Electric Co.. v : « 2a
23 S F Gas & Electric Co... W . 4a 37%
Street— - t .„ ,.
60 California Safe Deposit 105 50
$7000 Market Street Ry 1st con 6s 123 2»
15 Paauhau S P Co..... 34 00
Afternoon Session.
20 California Wine Association 100 00
5 Contra Costa Water 69 75
145 Contra Costa Water 0 TO
10 Equitable Gas 3 12%
20 Hana Plantation Co — 9 00
435 Honokaa Sugar Co 32 7o
35 Hutchinson S P Co 28 00
140 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 23 62%
15C Makaweli Sugar Co 44 62%
235 Onomea Sugar Co 29 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 34 0O
S"0 000 S F & S J V Bonds 120 73
•« S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 62%
SO Vigorlt Powder 2 87%
100 Hutchlnson S P Co. b 10 2S 00
German — 1850 Sav & Loan..— —
Humboldt ..:.. — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U 510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Californla-st .135 140 O S L & H.... « —
Geary-st 47%— Presidio — 20
Market-st 69% 70
POWDER STOCKS.
California ....150 — iVlgorit 2T4 3
Giant Con 84% S3 I
... SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 8% 9 Kllauea 23% 23*;
Haw Com .... 83^ 90 Makaweli 44H 44* 4
Honokaa 32% 33. Onomea 29 —
Hutch S P ... 27% 2S Paauhau 33Ti 34
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A... — 126% Oceanic SS Co.100 101%
Cal Fruit Can— 105 |Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — I Pac C Bor Co.155 —
Mer Ex Assn.100 — |Parff Paint Co 12% —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ....77 — Lon P & A.. .143% —
Bank of Cal.. .413 — Mer Ex (liq). 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.105% — S F National. — 123
1st N of S F. — 312%
BANK STOCKS,
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.232 — |
Cent L & P.. 3 4 Pac Lt Co.... 43% 44%
Eqult Gas ....• 3% 3% Sac E G & R — 37%
Mut Elec Lt.. 7 — S F G & E... 43% 43^i
O G L & H... 50 SOV; San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 44% 43 IStktn G ft E. — H
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 60% 70 (Spring Vallay. 92% 93
Marin County. 52^4 — I
WATER STOCKS.
Bay C P Co 5slO5 103%
Cal-st Cab 0S.IJ6 — ,
C C Water 5s.lO8 109
Ed L & P 63.12SH135
F & Cl Ry €8.114% —
Geary-st R 5s. A- —
Haw C 5%s..lW.; —
Do 5s 1853s —
L A R R 5s..ll2> S 113
L A Lt 6s.... — —
Do gntd 6s.. — 101
Do gntd 53.. — —
L A P R 09. .102 —
Markt-st C 6s. 128 —
Do 1st C 5S.123& —
N C N G R 7s — 113'$
N R of Cal 6s. 113 116
Do 6s 120 —
N P C R R 6s.l01% —
Do 5s 108 —
N C R R 5s.. — 113
OGL'&H 59.113 114
Oak Tr Co 6s. 114, 115
Oak W Co 5s. — 102»£
Oceanic "6S 5s. 103 —
Om C R 6s 12S —
Pac G Imp 4s. 10O —
Pk & Cl R 63.105 —
Pk & O R 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6sl20ft —
S K G & R 5s — 100
S F & SJV 53120% —
S R of Cal 6S.110 —
S P Of A 69.112 -
S P C 6s (1905)
Series A ...110% —
Do <SeriesB)lll% —
Do (1906) ...113V» —
Do (1912) ...122^ —
S P C 1st g 5S.107 1C8^
S P Br R 6s.l32 —
S P Water 6s. 114% —
Do 4s 103 —
1 Do 3d mtg. 103i,i —
Stkn G & E 6s - 1CS
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
U S 4s coup..H3>*114% US 4s cp(new)137H137»i
Do 4s reg...U3V4U4Vi Do 3s coup.ll0%lllH
UNITED STATES BONDS,
WEDNESDAY, Feb. 13.— 2 p. m.
The sugar stocks wera firm on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, though there
were no sharp advances. Gas and Electric
rose to $49 37^. BusineiB was good.
There was no change worthy of note Jn the
afternoon.
The oil stocks were quiet and featureless in
the morning. Trading was very fair in the
afternoon, with weakening quotations for Kern
and Monarch. .... . ,
California Street Cable paid a dividend of
EOc yesterday. , ,
The New York and Honduras Rosarlo Mining
Company has declared the regular monthly
dividend of 10c per share and an extra dividend
of 10c » rer share, payable on the loth, xne
two dividends amount to $30,000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
'Silver loivcr. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures a fraction lower.
Milwaukee wants 100,000 bushels of California Barley.
Oats and Corn quiet. Rye freely offered.
Another advance in Bran. Hay very steady.' ,
Government still in the market for Beans.
Onions higher again. Potatoes and Vegetables about as before.
Eggs continue to decline. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
To-day the last day for Doves and Mountain Quail.
Five cars of Oranges auctioned at higher prices.
Lemons plentiful and weak. Limes scarce and higher.
Better feeling in Prunes and Raisins in New York.
Provisions dull and firm.
Hogs still higher and scarce. Other Meats unchanged.
Lessened trading in oil stocks.
Local stocks and bonds somewhat quieter again.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.— Money on call, steady
at 2@2^4 per cent; prime mercantile paper. 3',4
@4 per cent. Sterling exchange, easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 68
for demand and at ?4 84%if 14 84% for sixty
days. Posted rates. $1 S5M,(?r4 89. Commercial
hills. $4 S3»i®l 84U. Silver certificates. 62@63c.
Bar fiilver. 60v£c. Mexican dollars. 47^c. . Gov
ernment bonds, steady; State bends, inactive;
railroad bonds, weak.
Nezu York Money Market.
LONDON. Feb. 13.— Atchlson, 50H; Canadian
Pacific, 94^4; Union Pacific preferred, Wi;
Northern Pacific preferred. 90U; Grand Trunk,
7: Anaconda, 9H- Bar silver, dull, 28d per
ounce. Money, 3V4®4 per cent.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Feb, 13. -The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London cablegram says: The stock
market here showed brisk trading to-day with
a very cheerful tone. With this went the ex
pression or rather vague anticipations of some
sort of favorable announcement in the King's
speech to-morrow, but so far as I could learn
It apparently was- only a case of the wish
fathering the thought. The American demand
was much busier again. In the early hours
prices were strong, on the demand for Atchl
son and Reading issues, but a lot of selling
orders from New York fell like a wet blanket
on the market, causing a dull close. There
Is a very sharp demand for money, the bank
having complete control of the market. Call
money ranged from 4 to 7 per cent; time loans
4 per cent, whila the bank loaned largely at
5 per cent.
London Market.
Fitchburg rrefd ..142 Osceola S6
Gen Elec ...19S>i Parrot 49&
do prefd 160 Quincy 175
Ed Elec 111 245 Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Mex Cent 17=4 Tamarack 335
N EG & Coke.... )2 Utah Mining 3U4
Old Dominion .... 34'<i.Winona 6» t
Rubber 20^ I Wolverines 50
Union Pacific 94Vil
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WHEAT— Dull; No. 1 California, 6s 2>£d; No.
.2 red Western winter, 5b U»4d; No. 1 Northern
spring, Cs 3d. Futures, firm; March, os ll^d;
May, 5s ll%d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 3s
lOlid; American mixed, old, 3s n%d. Futures,
quiet; February. 3s lOVid; March, 3s lOd; May,
3s 9-^d. :
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 13.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2%d'56s 3d: wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
cold.
COTTON— Uplands, £%d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, • Feb. 13.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 64V4S55C.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 13.— WHEAT— Dull and un
changed; bluestem, 57f^c: ciub, Uc.
LONDON, Feb. 13.— Consols. 97 3-16; silver.
28d; French rentes, 102f 40c. Wheat cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; English country
markets, dull.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Feb. 13.— Clearings, $312,486;
balancqp, $49,165.
Portland's Business.
CHICAGO, Feb. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21.
000; choice steers steady, others Ec to 10c lower,
butchers' stock same. Good to prime eteers,
$3®6; poor to medium. $3 40@4 DO; stockers and
feeders, slow. $2 75@4 60; cows, J2 50@4 15;
heifers, $2 60@4 50; canners', weak, Jl 90®2 50;
bulls, -weak, $2 60@4 30; calves, steady, J4@6 25;
Texas fed steers, $4®>1 75: Texas grass steers,
$3 3O@4; Texan bulls, $2 50@3 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 45,000; to-morrow,
30,000; left over,* 3000. Mixed and butchers',
$5 20(g5 42^j ; good to choice heavy, J3 35@5 45;
rough heavy, $5 20@5 30; light, J5 2O®5 37Vi;
bulk of sales, $5 32%@5 37V4-
SHEEP-Receipts, 17,000; sheep steady, ac
tive; lambs, weak to 10c lower for heavy.
Good i to choice wethers, $3 90@4 50; fair to
choice mixed, *3 50@4: Western sheep, J3 90©
4 45; Texas sheep, $2 50^3 00; native lambs,
$4 23SS 30; Western lambs, *5@5 30.
Chicago Livestock Market.
BOSTON, Feb. 13— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say of the wool trade to
morrow: The market has shown considerable
activity and there has been a good sized out
ward movement of the staple, which is re
flected In the record of shipments, which ag
gregate over 4,000,000 pounds, and the sales,*- so
far as can -be learned, we estimate at
over four and a half million' pounds. The
business of , the past .week has been largely
In territories, of which some good sized lines
have been moved by several houses, the esti
mated saleB of these wools being about two
million pounds. A good demand Is also noted
for fine unwashed and medium fleeces. The
tone of the market as far as prices are con
cerned, has been Irregular and unsettled, the
tendency of the whole in favor of the buyer,
although prices are no lower as a whole than
they were the first week. There is reported
to have been some weakening in the West In
certain quarters, but holders as a rule are
still nrm and are talking much higher prices
than those which rule at the seaboard. The
sales for the week In Boston amounted to
4. 2S1.8CO pounds domestic and 355.000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 4,630.800 pounds,
against a total of 3,933,400 pounds for the pre
vious week.
Boston Wool Market.
cs 54s Td-and-Mn Middlesboro 46s 7d. In the
local market piglron warrants were quoted
$9 50@10 50; easy In tone, this being unchanged
from the close of Monday. Northern foundry
was , rated J15@16 50 and Southern - foundry
Jlo 50@15 75, with Southern soft quoted J13C
15 75. Lake Copper ruled. dull and unchanged
at $17. Tin was firm and 10 points higher to
$26 45. Lead dull and unchanged at $4 37^.
and spelter dull at former quotations of 53 90
@3 95.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the So
noma left there has been but one arrival of
colonial 'coal— Lord Calms, 2000 tons, and only
five in all since January 1st. -t At this rate of
delivery our yards will soon be . entirely with
out Australian. No new names are being add
ed to the coal , chartered list from : Newcastle,
which now numbers only twenty-two vessels,
whereas there are sixty-3ix vessels chartered
to deliver coal at the Hawaiian Islands. When
this last sfeamer left Australia there were
seventy-seven vessels at: Newcastle loading for
foreign ports; of these there .were only seven
loading - for here. I give ; these \ figures to
show ..the - pronounced : changes taking place
locally in '¦ the fuel market, which ; will be still
more ; markedly modified ,-in 1902, t as coming
events , portend. With the larsre crops already
welL assured: for tho incoming harvest, and
the ¦ large ; carry-over stock of grain, .there
should be an Influx . of sail tonnage, ' that
COAL— Wellington, ; $0 per ton; : Southfleld
Wellington,; J3; Seattle. . J7; Bryant., J7; Coos
Bay,' J5 50: : Wallsend. J9; Co-operative '.Walls
end. J3; Cumberland, ; J12 In, bulk "and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,. ju :
Cannel. $10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
'$3 -43. per 2000 lbs and $8 30 per ton, ,accordlng to
brand. •:¦.'-.-. - .- ' -
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, J3 65; - Calcutta
Grain Ba^a,.: June. and July, 6%c; local make,
6%c; Wool Bass, 2C@C2' / 4c; Fleece Twine, 7^c.
General Merchandise.
The 11 only change is a further advance in
Hogs, under continued scarcity.
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6®7%c per lb
for -ows.
VEAL— L.-.-ge, 7@8c; small; 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 10@10Hc; Ewes, 10c per
LAMB— Il@l2 1 ic p«r lb; spring, 12^(3150 per
pound.
, PORK— Live Hogs, 6V6«Wc for small and 6«4
Ht>6*ic tor medium and 5>i©6c for large; stock
Hogs, 5®3',<c; feeders, 5?i@5Hc: dressed Hogs,
7HI&9C. _______
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6&@8c; do lambs, 8@
Pc; Mtddle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free. 10@llc: Southern Mountain. 'tyUV&c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. ll@12o per lb.
HOPS— U<g2Cc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market'.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and > brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
steers, 9&©10c; medium, 9c; light. 8©S',4c; Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and SSSHc for light;
Stags, 6@CHc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9©
lCc- Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15H<316c;
Culls, 13H<gl4e; dry Kip, 15@16c: Dry Calf, 16®
17c; culla and brands, 14@13c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20(3 30c each ; short Wool. 30;g50c
each: medium, 60®75c; long Wool. 73c@Jl each;
Horse Hides, salt, J2 50<g2 73 for large and J2@
° 25 for medium. Jl 25 for small and 50c for
colts: Horse Hides, dry. $175 for large. $150
for medium. Jl 23 for small and EOc for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatsklna— Prime . Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 4%@l*4c per lb;
No. 2. 4J?4',ic; grease, 2@2Hc j
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15(S10c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; 'Middle County, free. 13016c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12{?14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@16c; Southern Mountain,* free, 7
months' lli?12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', SfSllc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
@17c: Nevada, 13<31Gc per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. liailHc per !b for
heavy, ll'/4©]2c for light medium, 12V60J3c for
light. 13',£@14c for extra light and log'ISVic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c;
Mess Beef. J12 per barrel: extra Mess, J13;
Famlly,'J14; extra prime Pork. *l.Vi?15 50; extra
clear, |W C0fg20; Mess, J17; Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound. .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6H©6**c per lb for
compound and 9\ic for pure: half-barrels, pure,
S«c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. 10Hc.
COTTOLENE— One half- barrel. 8>,ic: three
half-barrels, Sc; one tierce. 7T»c; two tierces,
7* 4 c: five tierces, V&c per lb.
Hides, Tallin?, Wool and Hops.
Firm but dull,
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13V4<@14>,ic for bright and 12H
(513c for light amber; water white extracted,
"^ffSe; light amber extracted, 6Ms@7c; . dark,
€f}6Vtc per lb. '
13EESWAX-24@!Cc per lb.
NUTS— Choetnuts. ?@10c per lb for Italian:
VV'alnutp. No. 1, tsoftsheli. lCc; No. 2, 7V£c: No.
1 hardshell, 9^0: No. 2; 7c; Almonds, 12@13c
frr paperFhell, 9igllc for softphellw Peanuts, 5
«J6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts,
ICc; Pecans. lli??13c: Cocoanuts. J3 £0@5.
KAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Itompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
(standard. 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10>4c per
lb; choice, 9Hc; standard. 8$«c; prime. 8c: un
bieach'ed Sultanas. 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
6*ic; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6Vjc; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 6Vic, and
4-crown. 5M;c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
J6-cunce. 7c; 12-ounce. 5Hc; choice, 16-ounce.
6'ic: 12-ounce. 6Vic; London Layers. 2-crown,
fl £.0 per box: 3-crown, Jl 60; Fancy Clusters,
$2; Dehesa, $2 30: Imperial. $3. All prices f. o.
b. at common shipping points in California.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Clara, 4 size*, 3c;
30-40s, 7c; 40-EOs. 6»ic; 50-60s, 4V*c; 60-70s, 3%c;
70-SOs, 3Uc; ,80-SOs. 2*ic; 90- 100s, 2Uc; 100-120s,
lVic; rubles. ' Uc premium: . Sonoma« W: and
San Joaqulns Vic less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots, C@Sc for Royals and 104?10V4c for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 4@3V4c; sun-dried,
lVii©2%c; Peaches. 3g4c for standard. 3\4@5c for
choice, and 5Vzt?6^c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted, 5<g6Hc: unpltted, l@lHc: Nec
tarines, 5©5',4c for red and b\i<Q6c for white.
The market stands as before quoted. The
demand for Prunes and Raisins Is steadily In
creasing In New York, and the feeling In both
descriptions Is much Improved.
PEARS-e3c<§n 50 per box.
CITRUS FUUITS— Navel Oranges. $1(52 ;
Seedlings, DOcfl$t; Tangerines, 73c@Jl 50; Jap
anese Mandarins. Jl 50<31 75: Lemons, 25cg'Jl 2a
for common and tl 50*82 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit, 75c(Jf$l 50; Mexican Liraes. $3 50??
6: California Limes. 2^5^; Bananas, 75c@$l 73
rer bunch; Pineapples, 75c@|2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Oranges are very steady, with moderate
stocks. Lemons are dull, weak and plentiful.
Limes are scarce and firm. Bananas are
steadier under lighter supplies.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— . '
• APPLES— 3S@65c per box for common, 7oc@
$1 50 for good to choice and Jl 75(&2 for fancy.
Five cars of Oranges were auctioned at a
hlghpr range of prices, as follows: Fancy
Navels, $1 43©2 15; choice do. $1 35@1 65;
standard, 9oc®$l 40; fancy Seedlings, $1 25;
Lemons, $1 10S1 20; Tangerines, in quarter
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Kep. per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 10c: choice,
9c; common, nominal: Young Americas. 10c;
Eastern, £ull cream. 15@16Hc per lb.
California Ranch— Selected white. 17c; mixed
colors/ 16c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 16c; standard,
— — ; seconds, V . .
Kresh Eastern— Fancy. : standard. ,
seconds, .
Storage— California fancy,. ; standard. — — -:
Eastern fancy. ; standard. ; seconds.
Dairy— Extras. 19c; firets, 13c; seconds, 14c;
store, lie. . .
Storage— Creamery extras, — ; firsts, — ,
seconds, - — ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Eggs declined again, and dealers report ac
cumulating stocks. The market was quoted
steady at the decline, however.
Arrivals of Cheese continued free, but prices
remain the same.
There Is no lack of Butter, though stocks
are not excessive. The , quotations stand the-
Hec'eipts as reported by the Dairy Ex
change, were 46,300 pounds Butter, 1433 cases
Eggs and 14, SOO pounds Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras. 21c; firsts. 19e; seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices for Poultry were maintained. 5 Re
ceipts from the East have been lighter for
some days, and there Is less stock offering.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lOijtflZc lor Gob
blers and ll@13c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
14@16c; Geese, per pair, $1 50@2; Goslings. J2oO
@2 75; Ducks, $3 50@5 for. old and »*<3>7 SO for
young:; Hens. $3 50@4 50; Young Roosters, $4?
6; Old Roosters. $3 50@4 50; Fryers, $3@6:
Broilers. *3@5 50 for large and $3 5004 »0 for
small; Pigeons. $1@1 50 per dozen for old and
?2 50@3 for Squabs.'
GAME— Quail, $1 SOfrl 75 for Valley and $2 o|J
for Mountain; Mallard. $4@3; Canvasback, $3
©4 50; Sprig. $2 JKXjrS 50: Teal, li S0@3; V>la
geon, $2<g2 50; Small Duck. $1 25® 1 75; Black
Jack, Jl 50@l 75: Gray Geese. J3 50; « nUe
Geese. Jl 25@1 50: Brant, Jl 50@2 for small and
$2 50 for large: Honkers, J3@5; English Snipe,
$3@3 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50@l 75; Hare. »l®12o;
Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and I *1 for
Brush; Doves, 65@75c per dozen; Wild Pigeons,
Jl 25 per dozen.
Arrivals of Game continued light, being only
00 sacks, consisting largely of Hare, and the
market ruled firm for Ducks. To-day Is the
last day for Doves and Mountain Quail.
Poultry and Game.
Beans. 10@15c: Cabbage, $1; Tomatoes. Los
Angeles, 50c@$l 50 per crate; from Mexico,
J2 2502 50 per crate; Egg Plant, Loa Angeles,
17H©20c per lb; Green Peppers,' Los Angeles.
20<gC0c per lb for Chile and for Bell: Dried
Peppers. 9@llc; Dry Okra, 10Q"15c per lb;. Car
rots, 25@35c per box; Hothouse Cucumbers, Jl 00
@2 per dozen; Summer Squash, $2® 2 23 per box;
Garlic, 3@3'rJc per lb: Marrowfat Squash, $20®
25 per ton; Mushrooms, 6@15c per lb.
Flour, qr sks 13.0S0jHay. tons 40?
Wheat ctls 3, 160 Wool, bales 21
Barley' ctls 4,480 Shorts, sks 320
Corn! ctls SCO L! me. bbls .. 91
Potatoes, sks 1.60O Sugar, ctls 77a
Onions. As 112} Wine. gals... 51.20ft
P.ran sks 2, O^)! Leather, rolls S2
Pelts bdls ... 13' Quicksilver, fisks 3*
hw'. f no ::.::..: . minnow, cu. ns
Middlings, sks.... »3Jll ;
FOR WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 13.
Receipts of Produce.
should b« principally coal carriage. This
should signify cheaper coal later on. but so
far there Is no evidence, of It yet apparent.
Freights on coal from the Colonies must di
minish materially so as to meet this market,
as the local demand for coal there is so brlslc
there is no possibility of any shrinkage o..
values. All the Australian coal cargoes now
afloat have been shipped at high freight rates.
"We are yet promised • liberal supplies of fuel
oil although it has not yet found its way
into general use as speedily as was antici
pated." •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining com
pany quotes, per 1b, In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6 25c: Powdered, o.Soc; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c: Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c: Magnolia A. 5.35c: Extra C.
5 25c; Golden C, 5.15c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than '.5
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 13— i p. sfc •
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask
Alpha C2 C3'Just!ce 07 »
Alta cS 05 Kentuck c\ (¦*
Andes C9 10 Lady Wash o**
Belcher 20 £3 Mexican r* 33
Be»t & Belcher £2 33 Occidental W 07
Bullion C2 M;Ophlr 8S 87
Caledonia 73 8<> Overman .. . u •>*
Challenge Con.. 21 22|Potosi c* i-»
Chollar 11 13 Savage ij JO
Confidence 80 83 Scorpion ... 04
Con Cal & Va..l 80 1 83 Seg Belcher...!! — 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada a 23
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill r 41
Crown PolnU.. 17 IS St Louis . . 0"> v>
Eureka Con Ci5 —'Standard 4 '9 i 41
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate _ n>
Gould & Curry. HI 47 Union Con 31 33
Hale & N'orcrs. 22 23 t'tah 09 19
Jul'a — 03 Yellow Jacket . 31 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
40OBest & Belcher 34; 300 Ophlr ty
2?0Best & Belcher 33 1200 Ophlr ' $<j
600 Challenge Con.. 2lilOOO Ophlr >,;
SCO Con Cal & V...I SO! 100 Seg Belcher 03
40© Con Cal & V.I 82^1 20* Sierra Nevada 22
1500 Con Imperial... tt\ 200 Union Con S3
300 Mexican 8»; 800 Union Coa S2
300 Ophlr 90i
Afternoon Session
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the Bales In the San Fn.:*.
circo Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning 1 Session.
TOO Best & Belcher 32 600 Mexican 32
100 Best & Belcher 31 20Q Potosl o*
300 Chollar 11 20O Savaw 19
COO Con Cal & Va.l TO 20O Sierra Nevada. ;.
200 Mexican 31 SCO Utah 03
:(--:,V 4' Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 21 300 Ophlr n
200 Belcher 23-200 Overman ;j
20«t Caledonia "Si 2«O Sierra Nevada. 2^
SCO Con Cal & Va..l &?>', 500 Union Con 3i
200 Justice CSj 100 Yellow Jacket.. 3)
200 Mexican 3l;
Following were the sales In tha Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best A Belcher 31 1 600 Con Cal & V...1 73
2CO Best & Belcher 32\ 1C0 Con Cal & V.I "i,
200 Chollar 11! SCO Gould & Curry. «
100 Con Cal & V.I 6741 2CD Ophir f»»
20O Con Cal & V...1 70' 20O Overman IT
20O Con Cal & V.I TCVt* *0O Sierra Nevada. 2i)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1901.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
14
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
DIRECT LINE TO HA\TtE-PARI9.
SatllnK every Thursday, tnsteaei of <JviK&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 3 T*^
North River, foot of Morton street. First ciasa
to Havre. $35 and upward. Second class t«
Havre. $43 and upwani. GENERAL AixKSLC
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F ' FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. »
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
COHPAOSIE QENESALE TRANSATLANTIQC2.
2. Seawall. Sailing:
SS. PA LENA. February 22, 1301. at 12 m.
SS. COLOMBIA March ., V*U
SS. TUCAPBL I March*). JW
SS. AREQUIPA April. 4. «W
These steamers are Built expressly for Centrnl
and South American passenger service. (N*>
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight ana
Dassentcer office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
C0S?ANU 8UD AMEK1CASA DB VAPOURS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service. /
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia Mch. 2(I>eutschland ....Apl. IS
A Victoria Apl. lllColumbla May 3
Twin-Screw Passenqer S«rvlcs>.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania ...Feb. 16]»Phoen!cla Mar. 3
Pretoria Feb.rf3iPatrict» Mar. 9
. 'Sails to Irambuas direct.
Hamburg-American LIq«. 37 B'way. N. Y.
HKRZOG & CO., General Agents for Paclfla
Coast. 401 California street.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 10.
From wharf, foot of Fremont St.. at 3 p. m.
Kreieht and passenger office. 330 Market st.
¦p p CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PANAMA R. R. ffi
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. 8105: Steerage. f4O.
S. S. Eoanoke sails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
J D SPRECKEIS 4 B3QS. CO., Cansral »;snts. 327 larbt St
Eea'l Passengsr Btfia, B« Karkat SL Piar In. 7, P3dfc St
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia ..«.
.Thursday. February 14. at 9 p. m.
SS. "ilARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February 23. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, tor Tahiti...................
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p.m.
oceanic s ! § ! co. assa-as
30 Montgomery street.
From New York. Every "Wednesday. U aoo«.
Noordland Feb. 20|Westernland ..March 11
FriMland Feb. 27 Kensington ...March 20
Southwark ...March 6lNoordland March Tl
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
1 CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Asent Pacific Coast.
RED STAR LINE:
N«W York; and Antwarst.
Stopping at Cherbourg; westbound.
From New York Ever» Wednesday. 10 «. m.
St. Louis Feb. KiSt. Louis March H,
New York Feb. 271 New York March »
Vaderland ....March 6lVaderland ....March «
AMERICAN LINE.
RIV TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOICD05. VhXO*
Round-trip tickets ot reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's cf2c«.
Cl Market street, corner First.
VT. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAR?, COR-
ner First «nd Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlop)). Nagasaki ana Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTJ
Tuesday. February 19. 190t
BP^ AMERICA MARU.... Friday. March 13, 1301
SSS HONGKONG MARC
Tuesday. Aprils. 19C1
THE 0. R. & H. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spew-street 'Wharf at 11 a. m.
CA DC S'2 First Class Including Berth
I Ailt $3 Second Class Gfjd Meals.
COLI3IBIA Sails Feb. 13. T3. Mar. ?
GEtt W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. XT. Mar. »
Short Line to Walla "Walla. Spokane. Butt».
Helena and all point* in th» Northwest.
Throorti tickets to aU points East.
E. C. WARD. General Airer.t.
630 Market st.
10 Market st
San Franciico.
steamers, sailing dates and. hours of sallins
•without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. FERKIXS & CO . Gen. Art*..
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
", Steamers leave Bread-way
WK^ 'wbarf, San Francisco:
r£j%^ Fcr Alaskan Ports— 11 a. ~>
|^CT»y_ eb - l °. W. 20. 25. March i.
ragp^j^^M*). Chan«f» to corripar.y's st-.-arr-rt
ftfggvSWjf&l For Victorirt. Vancou---<>r 1 P.
£2*2Sr» vS^SkI P° rt Towr.jend, Sear:'»
l^t^^^A Taeoma. Everett. Anacortes
and Xew Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Feb. 10. 13. W, 23.
Jlarch 2. and every nfth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
ccma to J»\ P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— J p. m.. Feb. 12.
17. 22. 27. March 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San D!ego. stopping only at Santa Bar-
tara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Let Aa-
rHeg)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 ¦. a.;
steamer Santa Rcsa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Car-
dcos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavi-
cta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angelet) and
Newport— Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose «el
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosa! 1 *
and Gnaymas (Mex.) — 19 a. ex. 7th each month.
For further Information obtaia company's
folders.
The company reserves th« r!g*t t» ehanr*
OCEAN TRAVIX.
BAY AND SIVER STEA31EHS.
FOB U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Stea~-r "Vontlceijo."
; MON.. Tues.. Wed., T>urs. and Sat. at 9;lJ^
a. m.. S:15. 8:30 p. m. <ex. Thurs. ni«ht>: Frl-^'
days, 1 p. m. and 3:20: Sundays. 10:3O a. m.. S
p. re. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. :. Telephone Main 1303.PHOENIX. Arir.. Feb. 13.— Kd Brown, one of
th« beat knovn ramblem in the West for -a
quarter of a century, . died here to-day from
brain hemorrhages caused by a sneeze.
OAKLAND, Feb. 13.— The following
marriage ' licenses were Issued to-day by
the County Clerk's office: Oscar V. Nich
ols of Berkeley, aged 22 years, to marry
Susie Rowe of Berkeley; aged 21; Herbert
W. Lyon i of Oakland, aged 23. to marry
Agnes L. C. -Wheeler of Oakland, aged 21:
John ;' P. Wilson : of San Francisco, aged
38, to marry Anna Sehaetz^of San Fran
clsco,"aged 20; J. A, Wagner of San Fran
cisco, aged 28, to marry Clara M. Lough
lln of Ban Francisco, aged 2S.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
Coleman, King, residing at 1606 Golden
Gate avenue, acted in such a vicious man
ner at the Grand Opera-house yesterday
afternoon that he was arrested and
placed under detention in a padded cell
at the Receiving Hospital. King ap«
proached Joseph Gottlob at the theater
and inquired for Coquelin. the actor. He
was told that the distinguished French
tragedian was busy haok of the stage.
King made a rush at Gottlob with a knife,
but was disarmed: and turned over to the
police. Ho was later surrendered to rela
tives. He has been .demented for some
time. ¦.¦• -• ¦ ¦ ' v . x ; .,¦.-..' V<
Attempts to Stab Qottlob.
Search by a Call representative for the
family or relatives of the man mentioned
in the foregoing dispatch proved fruitless.
Several "Jack" Barrs live in San Fran
cisco, but none of them are at present
away from the. city.
San Franciscan Principal in a Trag
edy at Portland.
PORTLAND. Feb. 13.-"Jack" Barr
whose family la said to live on Folsom
street, San Francisco, fired four shots
at Belle Williams, an inmate of a house
on Fourth street in this city. Two of the
bullet? took effect, both of them striking
the woman's hand. Barr then shot him
self in the head and swallowed poison He
Is in the hospital and may die. Barr de
clares that he deserted his children to
live with the Williams woman and that
she afterward discarded him.
ATTEMPTS DOUBLE CEIME.
the State Department contain nothing to
confirm the statement emanating- from
Toronto to the effect that Secretary Hay
has /protested against tho dispatch of
Charles Lan seller from Canada to Lon
don and St. Petersburg in the prosecution
of the Canadian ¦ search for evidence to
sustain its contention relative to the con
tested boundary line between Canada and
Alaska.
As to the further statement that the
high joint commission is still alive and
subject to reconventlon to' consider this
boundary question, it is said that this la
a question to be determined at the pleas
ure of either government, the United
States or Great Britain. The rock upon
•which the ' commission split is well de
fined in the diplomatic charts, and when
ever one side or the other is prepared to
consent to the removal of the obstacle
there probably would be no objection to
recalling the commission to life, in order
that any important and still open issues
between the, United States and Canada
outside of this boundary question could be
finally settled.
WASHINGTON". Feb. 13.— The records of
ftAY HLAS NOT PROTESTED
AGAINST CANADA'S ACTION
W. H. Reed and C. T. Cleve (owners) with
August R. Denke Jr. and E. H. Denke (con
tractors and architects)— All work for a three
flat frame dwelling, on W line of Clayton
street, SJ N of Frederick, N 87 -by W'86:10Vi;
$7200. '
Builders'. Contracts.
C. H. and Adelaide C. Hammlt to Bay City
Building and Loan Association, lot on 8 line
of Alvarado street, 230 E of Castro, E 25 by
S 114; 110.
John T. M. Kelly to Isabella Kelly, lotion
JCE corner of Powell and Sacramento streets,
N 43:6 by E 56; also lot on NE corner of Sac
ramento and Miles streets, E 66 by N 49, upon
certain trusts; Rift.
Janet Sutherland to A. F. Morrison, lot on
NW line of Minna street, 480 SW of Third, 8\V
45 by ?W 70; $7000.
Henry E. and 'Jennie W. Bothln to Emma
Daniel, lot on SW line of Third street, 75 SE
of Brannan, 8E 25 by SW 166:8; $10,000.
Harry T. Blackwood to Roman Catholic
Archbishop of San Francisco (religious corpo
ration sole), lot on NW line of Clementina
street 175 NE of Fifth, NB 200 by NW SO
126,500.
John and Ada M. Hinkel to . Abraham Ser
ensky, lot on W corner of Marlposa terrace and
Heron street, SW 50 by NW 23; $2000. '
Catherine Banbrock to Robert B. de Kruse"
lot on 8 line -of Clement street, 67:8 W of
Fourth avenue, W 25 by 3 100, to correct 1059
d. 172, quitclaim deed; $10.
Robert B. and Emma de Kruse to Alfred T
Morris, same; $1000. - '
Florence M. Boyle to same, lot on . S line of
Clement street. 82:6 W of Fourth avenue. W
25 by S 100: $1000. ¦ •
A. W. Wilson to Rose Wilson (wife), lot on
NW corner of Fulton (D) street and First ave
nue, N 3S2:1?4, W 104, S 100, W 20. S 13910<4
SW 116:7%, S 135, E 241:3; also lot on SE line
of Mission street, 100 NE of Fourth, NE 25 by
SE 100; also lot on SW corner of Taylor and
Turk streets, W 137;6 by S 137:6; also lot on W
line of Ashbury street, 176:6 N of Frederick,' N
125 by W 186:3; also lot on NE corner of O"Far
rell and William streets, E 28 by N 62:6; also
lot on SE corner of Mason and Eddy streets K
75 by S 92:6; gift. . .
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to John C.
Diehl. lot on E line of Hartford street, 205:4
N' of Eighteenth. N 25 by E 123; $4000.
Same to Georee E. Wallace, lot on B line
of Hartford street, 235:4 X of Eighteenth, N
25 by E 125; 14000.
WIlhelmiriR J. E. Baumelster (Goertzhaln) to
Edoard E. Goertzhaln, lot ; on . NW corner of
Dolores and Twenty-ninth streets, N 61:6 by
W 100: al»o lot on N line of I>ay street, IK
XV of Doloren, W 25 by N 114; gift. -
City and County of San Francisco to Patrick
W. Riordan, lot on 13 line of Guerrero street,
130 B of Ridley (Thirteenth), S 160 by E 280; — .
Pacific Loan Association to James and Kate
Flanagan, lot on XV line of Hartford street.
259 S of Eighteenth, 8 24 by W 125; $2500.
Charles E. Broad (by C. W. Dlxon, com
missioner) to Bay City Building and Loan As
sociation, lot on X line of McAllister street,
PC:6 W of Parker avenue, \V 25, N 99:5 NE
25, S 100 :3H: ?221«.
Sanford Sachs to Clarence II. . Hohfeld, lot
en W line of Ashbury street, 104:9 6 of Waller.
S 25 by \V 10C:3; J2500.
Clarence II. Hohfeld to Estella A. Bucking
ham, same; $9500.
Ida Meyer to James A. Squire, lot on SB
corner of Waller streft and JIatonic avenue,
8 33 by B 10S; $4000.
George Dougherty to Emma Daniel, lot on
SE corner of Jackson and Polk Btreets, 8
127:SU by E 112:6. Quitclaim deed; J3.
Emma or Emma F. Daniel to Henry E.
Bothln. came; {25,000.
REAL ESTATE TRANS ACTIONS.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 13.— The fine country
home of Henry H. Van Sickle, the or
chardfst and capitalist, on Almaden road,
near Stone avenue, was destroyed by flre
yesterday morning. Just how the fire
started is a mystery, but it is supposed to
have resulted from a defective flue. But
little furniture was saved. The loss on
the house was $12,000, with about $7000 in
surance. ::;,:•¦•
Handsome Dwelling Burned.
The building up of the credit was. ac
cording to the police theory, only a part
of the general plan Wilson had In view
for handsomely mulcting his victim, the
Alamtda Land Company. But there was
a slip in the plan. Wilson had announced
that he was a capitalist from Bisbee,
Ariz. The Land Company people decided
to make some inquiry before closing the
transaction anC wired to Bisbee. Tha re
ply came that their customer was un
known. Then they called in the police.
Edson was prompt with an identifica
tion. Davidson's record, as uncovered
since his arrest, shows that he spent a
year and a half behind the walla of San
Quentin Penitentiary because he was too
careless in handling forged checks.
Such was J. "\V. Davidson's explanation
to-day to Police Judge Smith, before
whom Davidson's examination on a
charge of swindling J. H. Edson, an oil
promoter, was held. The court could not
consider the plea as a. legitimate excuse,
however true It might have been, and the
prisoner was remanded for trial before
the Superior Court in bail of $2000.
Davidson, under the name of A. W. Wil
son, started an elaborate rtnancl.il scheme,
which promised to yield good results.
Flr3t, he induced Edson to indorse a
check for $100, upon which was paid $50
in gold and a certificate of deposit for the
remainder. With that stock in trade Wil
son -went to Alameda, where he negoti
ated the purchase of a $4500 house from
the Alameda Land Company, presenting
a $1500 check in part payment. At A.
Kist's store Davidson bought a big bill
of goods, furnishings for the new resi
dence. He paid the furniture man the $00
certificate on account.
"When I go on a spree, your Honor, I
Imagine I have the wealth af Jay Gould."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S -Broadway, Feb. 13.
Check-Passer Davidson Ex
plains His Manipula
tions of Paper.
THINKS HIMSELF
MODERN CROESUS
L E Doan, Bakers<fleld
G L Reuschllne. Pa
A C Erwin. Fresno
R AV Graham.Bakersfd
G E McGuire. W Va
S S.Gordon, Or
Mrs W F Parker. L A
A M Bernard. L Ang
J \V Love. Mo
J II Williamson, Mex
E H Barnette & w,
Alaska
Mrs J C Carson. Cal
Mrs S W Manning,
Boston
Mrs M E Dusin. Bostn
J R Weeks, Los Ang
W McDermott. Butte
F S Smith, Cal
E W Akerman.S Diego
F Cox. Sacramento
3 V Ryland, Stockton
M N Newmark, L A
I>r B W Doyle Aw.Cal
Miss L» Doyle. Fresno
H J Coates & w. Cal
S A Stranboueh. Ohio
Miss E H Diers, Cal
F A Kaufman, Wdld
S Robinson. Cal
Mrs S S Smith. Minn
Mrs K A Harper. Minn
Mrs S J Hardlne, Pa
R L Lucas. N C
C W Adams. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
M Henry & w, Frenno
W K 'Harris, Fresno
A Mendey, Mexico
G Wisharatta, Napa
M Dleupenbrook. Sac
D II Lutz, Napa
H H Patterson. CaX
\V D Dalton, Cal
L A Ro8», Sunset
Miss Duffleld, Sunset
Miss Buckltn, Sunset
F Christainer. Sunnet
S Cluback & w. Chigo
E L Britten. Menlo
A T Joyce, Chicago
E M Gage, Chicago
J II Surral, Mlnneapls
H Band & w, Chicago
F Emery & w. Wash
W Sherman & w. Cal
W Burrell & w, Portld
L Dinkelspiel. Cal
S Krueger, Chicago
A C Bursrham. Cal
J Clark & w. Butte-
W C Shall. Minn
Mrs Shull. Minn
F W Baker, London
A P Hayne. Manila
Mra M Sebastian, Ky
Mrs M Simmons, Cola
A M Allen. Cal
G Jessen. "Watson-rllla
A B Reiter, Waaonv
R L Watley. Stanford
J II Watner. Melbrna
J H Mess San Mateo
K L. Van Cleech. Cal
J C Chinn & w, Cal
C A Baldwin, Bkersfd
C Dunrhy. Millbrae
A S Milier, Riverside
E IJndley. Cal
A B Miner. L. A
A F McNevln, Seattla
D McWade. Sacto
J Preston. Ukiah
Mrs S Penchower. Cal
Or It Hasan, L. Asg
W D Buckley. Cal
T T Taylor. 3 Rafael
J Barry. Cottonwood
G Fiske. Woodland
N" Goldsmith. Mo
G Rellly. Walla Wall*
G W Crystal. VacaT
Mrs Corrlran. R Bluff
Miss J CorrlKan.RBluff
Miss ECorrlg-an.RBIuft
Mrs Boone, Red Bluff
C C Llttlejohn. Cal
J Lee. Seattle
H Richardson. L Gatos
J Joelson. M T
A J Hepburn. U S N
Mrs Hepburn. U 3 N
T Savage, Boston
Miss Wise, Boston
F Johnson. S Rafael
M Harolamb, Blln^um
N DoWlt ft w. WaaU
A Foster. S Rafael
F Silver. L An*
C Wheeler. Bllnyatn
Miss Burnett, Stanford
H Watson. S Joa*
II Meek & w. Cal
Mrs Teel. S Lorenzo
L Hartwell ft w, Chgo
B Conklinsr & w, Chgo
F MeCoIl. N T
H Spemsley, Ind
J GofTecran. N T
B Heptorn. Cal
G Dawson & w. Pa
H Ga?e. Cleveland
E Goldsmith, Clr.n
S Sherrey. Joplln
W Levy. M T
E C Mix & w, N T
R E Jacks, St Louis
T Smyth & w, Chicago
HOTEL AUBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
MANILA, Feb. .13.— General Davis has
been designated to conduct the investi
gation into the charges against D. M.
Carmen, the American contractor, who,
with his partner, Theodprio Carranza, a
Spanish merchant, was arrested on Feb
ruary 6, charged with furnishing supplies
to aid the insurgents. The evidence
against Carmen is accumulating.
During some fighting recently In tho
mountains of Tayabas, about sixty miles
southeast of Manila, sixteen insurgents
were killed and important captures were
made. • _ .
A number of insurgent officers have sur
rendered to Captain Long of the Marine
Corps at Subis.
A Quantity of ammunition has been dis
covered in the house of a merchant at
BAN FERNANDO. Province of Pam
ponga. Island of Luzon, P. I., Feb. 13. — At
Bacolor a. bill applying the provincial
government act to the province of Pam
panga was passed in the presence of a
crowd, which included representatives of
all the twenty towns in tho province.
The appointments of the officers of the
province were immediately announced aa
follows: Sekerent Jovln, President of
Bacolor, to be Governor until a successor
shall be elected a year hence; Secretary,
Mariano Cuanan; Treasurer, Lieutenant
William A. • ' Goodale of the Forty-first
Regiment; Supervisor, "Lieutenant Law
rence Butler of the Forty-seventh Regi
ment. (The army service of both these
officers expires in July.) Fiscal, John
Garcia.
". The salaries -were fixed as follows: Gov
ernor $1600; Secretary, $1000: Treasurer,
J240O* 'Supervisor, . J1S00; Fiscal, $1350.
Prior to the passage of the bill Judge
Taft explained the framework of the Phil
ippine Government. which- the commission
was erecting. . ....V'-" . ' .
The natives suggested th6 amounts of
the salaries. Some amendments which had
been adopted In connection with the sys
tem cf taxing real estate were approved.
¦ -At the. close of -' the ¦ session General
Grant; who is called the "Father of the
Pampangas," said 'he rejoiced '.that hU
children were large enough to tak© care cf
themselves. - He added: "We Parnnansra*
are as patriotic as anv Americans."'
-The remark. was greeted with applause.'
The first general provincial Government
under American rule has thus been hope
fully established.- ; . ;
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— The following
cablegram was to-day received at the
War Department from General M&c-
Arthur at Manila:
Colonel Simon Tecson, with seven officers,
«eventy-one soldiers, fifty-nine guns and 2000
rounds of ammunition, surrendered uncondi
tionally on February 11 at San Miguel de May
umo. Luzon: This breaks up the group ot in
surrectos heretofore operating in the mountains
oast of Hulacan and removes from Northern
Luzon the last formidable organized force ex
cepting in the first district. Ktgld enforce
ment of the proclamation of December 20 and
spontaneous action of the people, through the
Federal party, In behalf of police self-protec
tlon, are producing the most satisfactory re
sults and encourages the hope of an entire sus
pension of hostilities at an early date
MACA K X rl U lw.
Last Organized Detachment
in Northern Luzon Is
Dispersed.
REBEL FORCES
DISINTEGRATING
OAKLAND. Feb. 13.— As the result of a
valiant effort to stop a runaway horse a
little black waif was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital this afternoon to be
patched together and nursed back to
health. , . i
The youngster had been employed to
watch the wagon of a fruit peddler while
the latter went from house to house sell-
Ing oranges. The horse took fright and,
although his diminutive guardian grabbed
the bridle, he started to run. The big
hoofs and- the wheels djd their work and
Rastus Tabb, colored, aged 10. rolled into
the gutter maimed and bleeding, while a
vista of bouncing oranges stretched away
indefinitely before his appalled sight.
When he recovered consciousness at the
hospital the surgeons were working over
an ugly fracture In his thigh bone. Ras
tus wailed ¦ disconsolately. The doctors
promised him a watermelon if he would
"Great system." said the head surgeon:
"this little coon get3 the same attention
as a millionaire. And I guess we can get
him another Job." -t. ; .
"Guess you're klllin' me, ain't you?"
asked Rastua suspiciously. Then he slip
ped off into unconsciousness again, while
the surgeons splinted and bandaged until
the crippled limbs were all prepared to
knit together again straight and sound.
stand the pain "like a little man." But
Rastus was thinking of the oranges. "I
ain't crying 'bout ma laig," he moaned;
"I'm 'fraid I lost ma Job."
Rastus said he had been getting 10 cents
an afternoon for watching the wagon. He
couldn't bear to think of losing his In
come.
"Your mother will take care of you,"
suggested the doctor. '.
"Ain't got no mother, just myself," said
the small hero in ebony, and then the at
tendant administered the anesthetic.
LITTLE NEGRO ORPHAN
IS A MARTYR TO DUTY
Heroic Colored Boy Is Maitmd While Trying to
Prevent a Runaway, but Will Recover.
Mr. Kafson regards the Secretary's ac
tion as most conciliatory and as the only
course, leading to a final settlement, and
he hopes that Russia will see It in that
light and will await the determination of
the courts. He pointed out that It is much
to the interest of Russia to secure a final
determination. The chances are equal
that the decision will be In favor of Rus
sia. It would be most unfortunate if
Russia should not consider this action in
a friendly spirit, but it Is so intended on
the part of the United States.
Russia has a regular tariff schedule but
by commercial treaties reduced rates are
granted certain countries. Although we
have no reciprocity treaty with Russia,
she has given us the benefit of the reduced
rates and the gTOwth of our exports to
? Russia has been rapid. Under such clr
umstances It would be unfortunate if at
this time Russia suspended the lower
rates and placed the higher rates against
our goods. It would, Mr. Kasson said
operate especially against American com
merce.
Reciprocity Commissioner Kasson was
asked to-day as to the current reports
that a commercial war between Russia
and the United States might be precipi
tated by the determination of this Gov
ernment to collect a sum equal to the
bounty on exports of Russian sugar. Aa
the President's plenipotentiary Mr. Kas
pon has had charge of the negotiations
with foreign governments relative to the
reciprocity treaties. The payment of a
sugar bounty by Russia has been one of
the questions arising in the course of the
negotiations. Mr. Kasson said the object
of Mr. Gago was to secure a. final ruling
on the matter, which would determine
the policy.
The one event that might change the
situation in a manner to wipe out the
issue is a decision by the United States
courts to the effect that the Russian su
gar is not bounty added, and it is stated
that every opportunity will be afforded
by the treasury officers for the speediest
possible determination of that question
through a test case upon the first Impor
tation of Russian sugar.
Inquiry at the departments named
shows that the Secretary of the Treasury
took this etep, as aet out In his letter yes
terday, with great reluctance and only
after the most patient investigation Into
the merits of the case. It was fully real
ized that the result of the decision to im
pose the differential duty would injurious
ly affect the American trade in agricul
tural implements, machinery, railway ma
terial and rolling stock and. of the other
great staples of export to Russia. But It
appeared that there was no way out of
it if the law was to be enforced, and the
Secretary was obliged to negative the
Russian contention that the Russian Gov
ernment actUiUly paid no bounty on ex
port sugar, such as would subject it to
the United States countervailing duty.
Attorney General Griggs, however, decid
ed that the Russian Government practi
cally paid a bounty on export sugar and
Secretary Gage was obliged to Instruct
the treasury officials to collect an addi
tional duty on Russian sugar amounting
to the bounty, which is calculated at a
little less than 1 cent per pound. The
Russian Government has given notice
that if the attempt is made by the United
States to lay this countervailing duty it
must respond by imposing the maximum
tariff rates upon American exports to
Russia. We are now enjoying the mini
mirm rate and in very many cases the
maximum would be absolutely prohibitive
on American exports to Russia.
It is said at the State Department that
this is the situation to-day, and that all
that can be done Is to wait for the next
move on the part of Russia.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— The State De
partment ar.d the Treaiury Department
are being deluged with telegrams from
vast business Interests protesting against
the imposition of the countervailing duty
on sugar imported from Russia. Nearly
all of the correspondents urge that such
action on the part of the United States
will prove ruinous to our export trade
with Russia, which already has attained
large proportions*, with promise of an in
crease in the future as the Siberian Rail
road and new trans-Pacific steamship
lines are opened up.
Object to the Imposition of
Countervailing Duty on
Russian Sugar. -
IMPORTERS MAKE
STR0NG PROTEST
The Government Is enforcing- drastic
measures against a continuation of tho
student troubles. Eighteen students of
tho St. Petersburg University were sum
moned Sunday to a police station and
were there arrested and immediately tried
summarily by a court under the presi
dency of Carlo Zenin of the St. Peters
burg Educational District. They denied
having been engaged in the forcible ob
struction of university work, but de
manded the annullment of the penalties
against the St. Petersburg and Keiff stu
dents. They admitted they were leaders
of a peaceful strike, which would last un
til their demands were fullllled. They
•will probably receive the- martyrs* crown
in the form of military service. Seven
other students were summoned before the
political police and warned that they
would be arrested if they approached the
university buildings. Of the students
condemned to military service, 1S3 have
departed for various cantonments, the
farthest being Trans-Caucasia, There is
a similar ferment in all the higher insti
tutions.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 13.— The Ros
siya prints a telephonic dispatch announc
ing that 308 students Qt the Moscow Uni
versity met In a hall, declared themselves
In favor of obstruction and succeeded in
stopping all lectures, as a protest against
the Keiff students' sentences. The au
thorities have appealed through a local
paper to the students, asking them to re
sume their studies.
Students to the number of 352 met Mon
day at the St. Petersburg Mining- Acad
emy and 190 voted to abandon their
studies, while 140 favored a continuance
of the work. There were twenty-two
blank ballots. No definite decision was
taken.
Stop All Lectures as Protest
Against Sentences of •
Kieff Classes.
MOSCOW STUDENTS
GO ON A STRIKE
WOODMEN NAME
STATE OFFICERS
California Branch Begins
Its First Annual Con
vention.
Ppec.Ia! D'spatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 13.— The first an-,
r.ual convention of the California branch
of the Modern Woodmen of America
rper.ed in til!? city to-day with a large
attendance. It was called to order by
John F. Harris of Oakland, the State
deputy. On behalf of Mayor Clark. Rev.
C. L. Micl welcomed the delegates to Sac
ramento. A telegram was read from the
Illinois Woodmen of America, 130.003
Etror.jr. in State camp assembled, extend
ing grepting anl hearty congratulations to
the California members.
The following officers wore elected this
afternoon: gta'e counsel. P. H. Bcta&der
of ;.-.- .a r ;¦•:•-. State advisor. Percy Jving
of Napa; Ftate clerk. Omar rhillip* of VI
palia; State hanker, H. H. Dyer of Pasa
dena; State escort. J. E. Moore of Kings
bun.-. Fresno County: State watc.iir.an, A.
H. Gordon of Mountain View; sentry. R. '
E. Clark of Nordhoff, Ventura County;
delegate at large to the national conven
tion at St. Paul. J. F. Harris of Oakland;
alternate, U. S. House of Los Angeles;
delegates to national convention. L. A.
>!urrell of Fresno, T. H. Iilaeklege of San
Diego and W. G. Poage of Ukiah; alter
nate delegates. A. R. Waters of Niles,
C. F. Lea of Santa Rosa and Edgar John
son of Fulierton.
L«onff Btach, eighteen miles south of Los
Angeles, was selected as the next place
of meeting, although some of the mem
bers averted to-night that this selection
would be reconsidered to-morrow.
To-night's session was devoted exclusive
ly tr» an exemplification of the secret rit
ualistic work. The delegates present at
the convention are:
Claude E. Trlbble. Flk Grove; K. E. Pajn».
Cucamonira.: R. E. Dalley. Slerravllle; C. M.
Tablrr. BSBtS Maria; K. B. Cais, Watsonville;
John J. Hurke. Nordhoif; John F. Harris. Oak
land; C. E. Dunxeeomb. San Bernardino; F.
M. Evan*. ArbucUIe; K. D. Bainbridg*. Farm
lr.^ton: M. T. G«, Red Bluff; O. Fhilllps.
Vieaiia; A. M. Stafford. Monterey; W. A. Kel
f*y. Whlttler: A. IL Schroeder. Pomona; It.
K. Blcvlns. William*; A. L. Hubbard. San
Joee; C. F. Lea. Santa Rosa: A. E. Case.
l>a\i»ville: A. J£. Oordon. Mountain View;
Cha.rle» Menefee. Crrv!T»a- J. G. Hurst. Wood
land' William Manke, Rivera; W. T. Warren,
Ooleta; C. M. Falter, TA Toro; L. K Becklpy,
Panta Paula; F. E. Bimernelfl. ntpon; Max
Benas. Vallejo; M. L. Black. Uodlando: Her
man I>yer. Panadena; M. L. Houw, Burbank*-
R. H. l»ulley. Riverside; Edwin Gower, Fowler-
R.. F. Raiser, riru; M. II. Fha<iinKer. Sacra
mento; George Metcalf. El Mcnte; O. L. Cocke,
Downey: W. H. ICicholson. Hen Iximond; Wil
liam Kennedy. Colton: J^ L. Karrar, Wes-t-
EiljiFter; W. tv. Iddlngs. Clement*; S. E
L&tta, Ftockton; J. M. Nelwm. Long Reach*
W. J. Henderson, Chulovista; H. R. Munger,
Esconflldo; J. H. Perkins, f'apay; P. J. New
ten, Corning; H. E. Johnson. Fulierton: Bam
P. Artel!, Lodf; II. L.. Cllncan. La Mesa- D
C Wood. Modesto: O. 1). McPherson Tms
Palo*: A. r>. Tolle, Santa Ana; K. F. Pender
jtast, Carpenterla: Evan Davis, Orange; P. H.
Fchrader. Fernando; F. E. Leviston. Los
Bs_nr#; M. M. Meyer*. Ixm Anpr-ifg; L. A.
Murrell. Fresno; W. H. Parker. Clovls; a K
"Water*. Xtlep; C. F. Witfcrow. Frajiklin; Percy
P. Kin*, Napa; Charles Hearty, Esoalon;
James Lorch, L»in<J?n; F. M. Lee, Compton;
E. E. Mills, Pfbastopol; John E. Moore, Kings
bury; W. G. Page. Ukiah; S. B. Bapnail. Ox
rard; H. W. r>ocfcham. Porterville; Eva Grif
flrjs. fiaticoy: Tlioraa* H. Rlacklepe. San EMejso:
George B. Bill. Ontario: K. A. Sullivan, Palo
Alto.
that afterward it was recovered. I hope
It will be this way with Christine."
MISS LYLLYN RUGGLES is to
wed Lee Dowllng Mathias, a
young attorney of Chicago. The
engagement of the young
couple is the concluding chap
ter J of a pretty romance that opened in
London last summer. '
Miss Ruggles spent her summer abroad.
So did Mr. Mathias. It was a case of love
at first sight with the young man from
Chicago, and when Miss Ruggles returned
to America, so did the attorney from the
Windy City. Mr. Mathias spent the
Christmas week In this city, and then the
pretty chapter was written that will make
the wedding bells ring out in' Easter week.
Miss Ruggles is the daughter of A. B.
Ruggles, the vice president of the San
Francisco Stock Exchange. She is beau
tiful and accomplished. She was edu
cated in this city and has enjoyed the ad
vantages of an extended visit abroad.
Mr. Mathias, the fortunate man, is a
young and prosperous attorney and a
member of the law firm of Aldrich,
Mathiae & Phlpps of Chicago.
No date has yet been set for the wed
ding, although it is probable that It will
be celebrated during Easter week. It Is
to be a home affair and will be solemnized
at the residence of the bride's parents at
812 Post street.
The wedding of Miss Georgine Pestner
and Le Roy Bean was solemnized yester
day at noon at the residence of tho bride's
The home was beautifully decorated for
the occasion with orange boughs heavily
laden with golden fruit. In a bower of
ferns, with a bowknot of orange blos
soms overhead, the young couple stood
during the ceremony. The bride wore an
exquisite dress of white organdie over
white silk. Her attendants were gowned
alike in point d'esprlt over white silk.
Mr. and Mrs. Bean left last evening for
a bridal trip, keeping their destination a
secret. Their future home will be in Sac
ramento. Those present at the wedding
were: •
Mrs. M.. O. Foster, Miss May Fpster, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Yv". Keyston. Miss Jante Keyston.
Goorge Gardner, Miss Muriel Ransome, Mis9
LU1I" Moran, Dr. and Mrs. Scott, X^r. and Mrs.
D. C. Crummey, Fred Crummey, Mr. and Mrs.
W. D. Keyston, Mr. and Mrs. John Bean, Mrs.
Peters, Fred Peters. Percy Peters, Mr. and
Mrs. W. C. Hlldebrandt. Miss Ruth HUde
brandt, Carlos Hildebrandt. Mr. ami Mrs. R.
P. Gober, Miss Helen Gober, Miss Nancy Go
ber, Dr. and Mrs. W. F. Hanson, Mrs. Terry,
Mrs. Govan, Mr. and Mrs. XV. M. Smith. Mas
ter Garton Keyston, Miss Antoinette Keygton,
Miss Lillle Van Bergen, Miss Daisy Burns.
brother, William D. Keyston, on Bush
street. Rev. Dr. J. E. Scott performed
the ceremony.
The bride was attended by Miss An
toinette Keyston, who officiated as maid
of honor. Fred Crummey was best man.
Miss Helen Gober, .Mis.-! Nancy Gober,
Miss Ruth Hilderbrandt and Master Gar
ton Keyston, tiny little friends of tho
bride, led the procession to the improvised
altar.
"It is pitiful to see tho little one try to
refresh her memory," said Christine's
mother to-day. ''She tries hard to think
what brought her to her present condi
tion, but»she cannot. We hope that she
will pome day be able to tell us. Dr. Bull,
who has been attending her, says that he
has heard of cases where the memory
failed utterly on a certain subject and
man while she was riding 1 down the ave
nue homeward, as she had Just left her
music teacher at 5 o'clock. Whoever It
p'as that rode Into her saw that he had
caused a serious accident and ¦was
anxious to get out of the way before he
was apprehended. Though the neighbor
hood of Ran Jose avenuo and Oak street
Is populous, there was no one in the vi
cinity when the carmen picked the
child up.
ATTORNEY LEE DOWLING MATHIAS OF THE WINDY CITY, WHO
WILL. CLAIM PRETTY AND ACCOMPLISHED LYLLYN RUGGLES
FOR HIS BRIDE DURING EASTER WEEK.
Little Christine Turner Is Picked Up Unconscious in Alameda and
Cannot Recall How She Was Rendered Insensible.
When Christine was found her bicycle
¦was also found at a short distance from
her. She may have received a bad fall
from the wheel, but tho nature of the
wounds on her head indicate that some
thing besides concussion with the pave
:nent was the cause. On each Fide of the
bead there are serious abrasions, though
no fractures. One of these may have
been caused by contact with the pave
ment, but the other is undoubtedly the
result of a heavy blow. The < theory is
that the child was run Into by a. horse-
But the strange part of the child's mis
hap is that she is unable to throw any
light upon the cause, though In her lucid
moments she has conversed freely upon
all other FUbjects. Whether s*he fell
from her bicycle or was struck by a car
or a horse or a vchirj.? she cannot pay.
Phe makp? painful efforts to recollect, but
fails altogether to bring back memory.
When the ch'Ad was laid on a lounge she
regained consciousness for a moment,
just long enough to ask her mother what
had happened. Th^n phe lapsed Into a
comatose state, from which she did not
recover for twelve hours. Since Thurs
day ChriPtir:** has been in turn conscious
and unconscious. To-day ehe was much
improved and hopeful chanc«? are heM
out by the physician in attendance for
her ultimate recovery.
The child was picked up in an uncon
scious condition the afternoon of tho
accident by Frank Vopp. a motorman on
The San Jose-avenue branch of the elec
tric line. Sh«» was lying in th" middle of
the- avenue near the corner of <_Uk street.
Vose mistook the body for a bundle of
ejothingr until he got near it. v. hen he di?
<-nvered that it was a child. Stopping his
car he went to where the girt lay, to
make the addition?.! discovery that it was
Christine Turner. With th«- a-«sit;tance of
Ms> conductor Vow i>ut the girl on the car
and backed down to a point opposite tho
Turner home, then carried her inside.
AI.AMEDA. Feb. 13.— Though she
is perfectly well mentally and re
tains all her faculties. Christine
Turner, the 10-year-old daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Turner
of 1E30 San Jose avenue, is -unable in the
remotest way to explain an accident
which befell her last Thursday afternoon,
on That subject alone her mind is a com
r>>te blank.
A suit in equity will be filed to-day in
the Superior Court by Attorneys Dorn &
Dorn and Theodore J. Savage, in which
sensational averments are made by Allen
R. Partridge, the plaintiff against Frank
"W. Page, president and general manager
of the Vulcan Bmeltfng and Iron "Works,
who is named as defendant. The action
Is brought to set aside the assignment of
patents by Partridge to Page. Through
out the complaint run allegations of fraud
and undue influence, the latter amount
ing to the complete subjtctlon of the will
of Partridge to that of the defendant and
others. 1
In the complaint some of the allegations
which have been given currency during
the past week are recapitulated and oth
ers are added. It Is set up by Partridge
that he came to San Francisco from Mex
ico a year ago. and here became acquaint
ed with Frank W. Page, who professed
friendship for him and promised to pro
tect him and exploit patents of which
Partridge was the owner. Next tt Is al
leged that Page invited Partridge to h!3
home, where the acquaintance of Mrs.
Lillian Page, wife of Frank W. Page, was
made. Page, it is claimed, represented
that he had money to Invest, and that
he had the acquaintance of rich men
whom he could Influence to put their
money Into the promotion of the Part
ridge patents. Partridge was domiciled in
the Page home for the night and there
after wa3 persuaded to remain there per
manently. Finally, so says the complaint
in substance. Partridge was willing to do
anything that Mr. and Mrs. Page, wished
him to do. Hypnotism is not alleged, but
strong Influence over the mind of Part
ridge on the part of both Mr. and Mra.
Page is. The statement Is made that both
Mr. and Mrs. Page have claimed to bo
hypnotists.
It is also alleged that no on© was al
lowed to talk to Partridge except In the
presence of Mr. and Mrs. Page, and final
ly Partridge became afraid of them and
did their will. Then, according to the al
legations. Page suggested the formation
of a corporation under the name of the
Vulcan Smelting and Iron Works. Frank
"W. Page became president and general
manager: George W. Baker, vice presi
dent. Mrs. Lillian Page director. H. L.
Baker secretary and treasurer. Partridga
was frozen out. except as a director-
Partridge was persuaded to assign one
half interest in the patents to Page. Ha
was to retain one-half interest in the pat
ents, his share to be clear and non-assess
able.
All the directors and officers In- the cor
poration were elected through the Influ
ence of Page. «:o the allegations run. with
the exception of Baker, who was acting
as attorney for both Partridge and Page.
Partridge deeded half of the patent to
Page without consideration. Partridge
was given 3003 shares of stock in the cor
poration, but was induced to give It all
back, placing it in a pool. Partridge was
never allowed to see his friends, so it Is
set up. He was taken to Mexico and
there he was led to contract debts and
was left in a lonely spot. Under the laws
of Mexico he could ba imprisoned for
debt.
It is also alleged that Partridge has
been refused a settlement. From all this
the charge is made of fraud, misrepresen
tation and undue Influence. The story of
the making of Partridge's will is also re
peated as told In The Call. Partridge in
that document, which was drawn by Ba
ker, bequeathed two-thirds of his proper
ty to Mra. Paga and one-third to George
W. Baker, the ¦will also naming Georg*
"\V. Bak r -* executor. Other proceedings
are to f v >w the suit to be filed to-day.
Sensational Charges in Com
plaint Which Will Be
Filed To-Day.
Plaintiff to Bring Suit in Equit7
Against Frank W. Page to Re
cover Stock in. Smelting
Company. . ¦ 'lv '." i;
PARTRIDGE SAYS
HE WAS COERCED
The California Theater is hereafter to
be under the entire control of Selby C.
Oppenheimer, who has purchased the
half interest in the lease of S. II. Fried
lander. Mr. Oppenheimer, though nomi
nally known as the business manager of
the theater, has really been a partner of
Mr. Friedlander, and the acquiring of the
interest of the last named gives him full
control of the California. The retirement
of Manager Friedlander Is due to illness,
contracted while on a tour with the
Brownies, with which- he-left this city
some time ago. He is still very sick in
Denver and following the advice of his
doctor has retired from active business.
Friedlander Sells His Interest.
The Henschels' sixth recital will be
given this evening 1 at Metropolitan Tem
ple. A notable programme is promised.
The amateurs In a "Brownie Show" will
amuse the patrons of the Chutes and Zoo
this evening*
The- La Mont Juvenile Company, with a
fairy ballet, are the chief features of
Fischer's bill this week.
The Nine Nelsons aro still the top
notchers of the Orpheum programme, and
with .Dorothy Studebaker, Idalene Cotton,
Nick Long and others provide the usual
good, fare to be found at the vaudeville
stronghold. -
The Central has a very attractive bill
this week In "After Dark." a sensation In
the melodramatic line, and excellent of its
kind. Next "Chimmie Fadden."
At the Alcazar Daly's bright comedy.
"A Night Off," is drawing good houses
this week. "What Happened to Jones"
will follow.
"Nell Gwynne" is in its last week at the
Tlvoll and has met with much success
during- its two weeks' run. "The Wizard
of the Nile," the Herbert & Smith opera
that was so popular during last summer,
will be put on next week.
Prelude . and Fugue, op. 35, E minor (Men
delssohn); FantaBle, op. 17, two movements
(Schumann); ballet music from "Alceste"
(Ghick-Saint-Saens); Impromptu, F sharp,
Berceuse, Scherzo, C sharp minor. Andante
Splanato and Polonal3e, op. 22 (Chopin); vari
ations en . a theme by Paganlni (Brahms);
paraphrases on Chopin' studies (Oodowskyj,
(a) op. 10, No. 9, F minor in C sharp minor;
(b) op. 2.">, No* 5, as a mazurka; (c) op. 25,
No.° 4, as a polonaise; (d) op. 10, No. 5, O
flat (black keys); (e) op. X0. No. 5, A major
(mixed keys): (f) op. 10, No. 5, A minor (white
keys) as a tarantella.
Leopold Godowsky, whose brilliant and
unique pianism has "won out" against the
plethora of attractions of the week, will
be again heard to-morrow afternoon at
Sherman-Clay Hall at 3:15. The small Al
exander of the instrument, who has build
ed a new harmonic world for his own con
quering, has set a new limit for the pian
ist, and should be heard by every one
even remotely interested in the piano. His
tone is a marvel, his technique a miracle,
and his readings a revelation of pure
beauty. The audience of yesterday af
ternoon -was wildly enthusiastic as one
tour de force after another made Its ap
pearance; Beethoven's sonata (op. 81).
Schumann's "Carnival," the "octave"
"Polonaise" and ''Ballade" of Chopin, the
tremendous Godowsky paraphrases of the
Chopin "Etudes," all rendered with ab
solute ease of mastery. To-morrow's pro
gramme v.'ill include:
A special announcement is made of the
engagement of Miss Leonora Jackson, the
distinguished Violinist, at the California
for two afternoons only — Monday, the
18th, and Wednesday/the 20th Inst. This
clever young woman will bo assisted by
Miss Josephine Elburna, soprano, and
Selden Pratt, pianist.
This evening, by request, Mrs. Fiske
will again be heard in "Becky Sharp," in
which role she created so profound a sen
sation at the beginning of her engage
ment at the California Theater. Mrs.
Fiske has been heard with increasing
pleasure and admiration at each appear
ance, and has won a unique place for her
self with San Francisco play-goers by
sheer force of her striking personality and
individual art. Saturday evening will be
the last night of Mrs. Fiske at the Cali
fornia Theater, and on Sunday afternoon
"The Waifs of New York" will be put on.
Monday, "La Tosca": Tuesday evening* and
Wednesday matinee, "La Dame aux Ca
mellas", Wednesday, Thursday and" Friday
evenings. "Cyrano de Bergerac"; Saturday
matinee, "Phedre" and "Lea Precieuses Ridi
cules"; Saturday evening, rarewell night, third
act of "Cyrano dp Bergerac," third act of
"La Tosca." monologue by M. Coquelin, last
two acts of "La Dame aux Camellas."
The sale of seats for the week will be
gin this morning.
i To-nJght and Friday and Saturday even-
Ings and Saturday matinee will be given
the last four performances of "L'Alglon,"'
with Bernhardt and Coquelin at . the
Grand Opera-house. The great artists
will appear on Sunday evening in a double
bill "Les Precieuses Ridicules" and
"Phedre," the most important tragedy of
The repertoire for the coming week will
be as follows:
Matinee— Overture. "Sakuntala" (Ooldmark):
flugelhorn solo, "Juliette de Charenton" (J.
Relter), Franz Hell: scenes. "I Pagltacel"
(Leoncavallo); soprano solo, "Pearl of Brazil"
(David), Miss Blanche Duf field, flute oblii?ato
r>. A. Lyons: • suite, '"Three Quotations"
(Sousa), (a) "The King of France Went Up
the Hill."- (b)'"I. Too. Was Born in. Arcadia,"
(c) "The NtKgrer In the Woodpile"; valse,
"Pesther-" (Lanner); (a) entr'acte, "La Mari
poba" (Diaz); (b) march, "Hail to the Spirit
of Liberty" <Sou?a): violin solo, "Souvenir de
Moscow" (Wienlawski), Miss Bertha .Bucklln;
tarantella, "Neapolitan" (Julllen).
Kvening— Overture, vCarneval ltomain" (Ber-.
lioz); cornet boIo, "A Soldier's Dream" (new)
(Rogers), Walter B. Rogers; fantasle on Rich
ard Wagner's operas, (Godfrey); soprano solo,
"Printemps" (new) (Leo Stern); grand scene,
"The Night of fabba" (Meflstofele) (Boito);
value, "Frau Luna" (new) (Lincke); (a) Der
vish chorus, "In the Soudan" (new) (Sebek);
<b) "Hall to the Spirit of ' Liberty" (Sousa);
violin solo "Danse Espagnole" (Sarasate).
Miss Bertha Bucklln; excerpts, "La. Boheme,"
new (Puccini).
To-day's programmes follow:
Two crowded houses greeted Sousa and
his band on their return to the Alhambra
Theater yesterday at the matinee and
evening concerts. A Wagner" programme
was given in the afternoon, with many
of the favorite numbers, and in the even
ing Herbert T-k Clark gave a cornet solo
in admirable style. The magnificent music
was enthusiastically cheered. The attend
ance at the remaining performances will
tax the seating capacity of the Alhambra,
big as it is.
Godowsky's Genius Is
Appreciated.
"Becky Sliarp" This Evening.
Mrs. Tiske, by Bequest, Will Play
SOUSA PLEASES
LARGE AUDIENCES
Bernhardt and Coquelin Will
Appear Sunday Night in
a Double Bill.
HER MIND BLANK REGARDING
ACCIDENT THAT BEFELL HER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1901.
Hiss Lyllyn Ruggles Becomes Engaged to a
Promising Young Attorney of Chicago.
WILL MARRY THE MAN
SHE MET IN LONDON
THE LITTLE GIRL WHO CANNOT
REMEMBER ACCIDENT THAT
BEFELL HER.
• •
9
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali. (
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand, virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
GAS CLAIMS ANOTHER VTCTIM.-^Jolm
Preach, who was asphyxiated last Tuesday
morning with Frank Millark at 529 Stevenson
street, died in the City Receiving Hospital
yesterday morning.
GRAPE-NUTS.
PADDING SKELETONS.
One Pound of Grape-K"uts Makes
More Fl«?sh Than Jilany Pounds
of Ordinary Food.
It is worth while to find a food that will
put two pounds a day on the frame of an
invalid that has been reduced to a skele-
ton. A lady in Middktown, Ind., says:
"For more than fifteen years I have been
more or Jess of an invalid. The doctors
paid general debility was the trouble,
brought on by overtaxing the nervou*
Fj'Ftem and the digestive organs. Then
finally la grippe and pleurisy set in. last-
ing about ten week?, and I was reduced
to a skeleton of less than seventy pounds
in weight, notwithstanding I was being
fed on meat and ordinary food.
"My relatives were telegraphed to come
quickly if they would see me alive. At
this time I was put on Grape-Xuts food,
and found I could eat It and that it suited
my tc?;te and I began at once to gain in
strength and weight. My weight increased
about two pounds per day. I reached
about one hundred pounds, which Is
heavier than I had weighed for more than
fifteen vears.
"Friends who paw me on the street
ptarod at me as though I had risen from
the df-ad. I ehaJl always be grateful for
the food Grape-ICuts food has done for
me. I shrink from having my name pub-
lished if you should use this letter, but
am willing to write to any one concerning
these statements, if in that way I can
benefit Funvring humanity in the slight-
est." Name will be given by Postum
Cereal Co.. Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1901.
10
SAX FRAACISCO CALL.
BtTFrNESS OFFICE of Tie San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every eight In the year.
nrtAKCn OFFICES— JIT Montgomery ttreet.
corner Clay; open ur.tll *:39 p. m.
£00 Hayes ittrect; open until 8:83 p. m.
C3 UcAJlleter etrett; cpen until »:33 n. in.
f.'y LarUn street; open until S:30 p. m.
:t'<l Miaclon street; open until 10 p. m.
T2EI Market street, corner Elxteestb: opea
tsntl! » p. m.
in Rlerenta street; open cntll t p. m.
1CS6 Valencia »treet; open entll S p. ro.
Northwert corner Twenty-wcond and Kea-
tveky *»re»»>; open nnt\\ » y. m.
MEETING 3OTICK9.
A REGULAR meeting of Godfrey rffiugt
de St. Oraar Council No. 1. ijfl |
Kr'.ghts Kadoeh, A. and A. . fJL_JJF L— £3
Scottish Rite of Freemaeonry, i§3RSS|;SH8§
trill bo held la C-rr.rna_-.<Jery fl*'\JJfil?3
II«.!1, Ha.sor.lc Temple. on *** |£*
THURSDAY EVENING. Feb- rjgJial
ruary 14, 1SCL at S o'clock.
Degree £0. HCNRY nURN'ER. Recorder.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— »
Fr«cia! meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _>\-
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. M. degree.. yLJX
By order of tKe II. P. '»'
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. February 14. at 7:S0 TT^T
o'clock. Eecond terroe. By order of / V »
Matter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Seo.
Fidelity Lo«jre No. id. f. and a.m..
— Sr^cJal meeting TII3S (THURSDAY) JV-
rVENINO. at 7.:" o'clock. Second <!e- &!>?
(trw. Fellow craft Maeons cordially >Nr »
Invited. By or^er of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
SOUTH Ean Francisco Lo4ge No. 211. |«
F. and A. M.. meet* THIS (TOURS- jHL
DAY) EVENING, et 7:30 o'clock, for /WN
t-ecor.d degree. Hy order of the Mas- *
ter. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Ixxige No. tin. F. and A. M— n
Fpecial meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, tt 7:30 o'clock. Second )&3\
cepree. Sojourning brethren are ccr- » *
<Iial]y Invited. Ey order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
TEXtBA n\i»na Lo4-e No. IS, I. O. .;^£JS>
O. Fi— Officers and members: You ¥ Sfe
are requested to attend the r'gu-
!.-r meeting THT'RRDAY. Feb. ' """ v
"4. Initiation. VlFltirs aJTsys welcome.
JOHN A. OHLSON. N. Q.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v *y>
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- $, ftiQ
IXG. Fraternity Hall. 22 O'Farrell . »»A^itf
•t.. at 8 o'clock. A full attend- •"* ! St«h
anee is renue5t»>d.
OEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSoN, Recorder.
OrnCZES and members of the Scandinavian
f'ecirty: You are hereby notified to attend
the futieral of our lat* member. B. C. BEN-
FEN. THIS DAY (THURSDAY), at ? a. m.,
from Holy Cross Church, Eddy St., near
Kcott. By order of
CHAP. ARMSTRONG. President.
C. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
¦¦¦ i
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu
Plantation Corrpscy will be held at the of-
fice of the coni>aav, KT7 Market St.. San
Francisco, Cal.. o:i WEDNESDAY, February
27. ]?"!, at the hoar of 11 o'clock a. m., 'or
the purpoee ft electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action cf Fuch other bUFiness a« may cime
before the meeting. Trar.sfer books will clc»e
cn Saturday. February 31. 1501, at 12
o'clock m. E. II. SHELDON. Secretary. ;
NOTICE cf rtcekholder*' meeting— A special
ireeting of the stockholder* of the Honolulu
fupir Company la called frr and -will be
held at the rrace of the company. No. in
Market «.. San Francisco. Cal.. on MON-
DAY. February 1$. 1901. at 11:SO o'clock a.
Tn., fcr the purpose of considering a propo-
vltlcn to filff^olve the coi-poration and to con-
r!<Jer «Tich other business as may come be-
iore the meeting. By order tt the President.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary Honolulu Sugar Company.
T)r.tFrt Fan France™. February *. 1901.
AGKXTS WASTED.
THE Rio Michel Rubber Company of Ean
Francisco. <"aJ., wants intelligent men to act
as it* agents throughout the United State*; I
rr.urt r>e men cr character, address and pu*h. I
The company cms larpe properties. Is out of ]
<Vbt ar.d in a tbOTOO^hly sound and nourish- ;
inp condition. It has a cor.f iJ^rable acreage i
already planted to rubber and has a targe j
force of men c^r.Ftantly at work. It offers
fnr sale a llrr.lTed number of intere«t bearing :
airi lr*yt.P Hmfnt cert 117 oat **s. A oroparatlvely .
e*na!l amount Inverted now wil! produce large
and steadily increasi^z income in near future.
Th« corporation invite? closest Investigation.
Act.Th y:il Interested persons arply Rio Ml-
fhol Hi'WrfM- On., r. CJ-C'. Crocker bldg.. S. F.
AGKXT?- Do you want some-thing more prnnt- j
able and eayier to sell than books cr insar- |
snee? Xt\. F. PER?ON. r. U2. Parrott b'.dtt. j
WAXTED — Cood city solicitors. Monterey !
«~ontral Oil Co.. room 408. Examiner building. I
AREN'T in every town for "I^ife of Queen Vie- •
t< ::a." Cal. I'ub. Co.. ?2~ Market, r. TftS. P. F. ;
AGENT, lady, large incorr.e. as county repre- ;
tentative c? local manufacturer. 1C.6. Call.
ASPHALTIM HOOKING.
3. PELTTHR. af^&'t rocf.r.T, sidewalks re- '
paired : postal. 11S5 Mission: teL Folsom 1M7. ;
ATTOUNEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE fre»; divorce law a specialty; private ;
no ;*• wtihcut 'caccen: collections. G. W. I
HOWE. »tty at law, RM Market, cor. Stockton. ]
J. II. MrKNIGHT. collections: damapes; es-
tates: mining: oj>en even. i,£2 Parrott bldg. i
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a ;
specialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir.: tel. Red C615.
ADVICE free; no charge unleu successful. XV.
W. DAVIDSON'. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason. ;
L P. CLARK. Emma Srreckels bldg., 827 Mar- j
V.et rt.: consuitinlon free: no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
nESPECTAELE German lady wishes to board
a child Dot under 1 year cid; references fur-
nished. £1 Natoma et. ; ring top bell.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board;
rood care. ES7J Vallejo. Golden Oate. Oaklnd.
Bl'SnVESS CIIAXCKS. •
A— HOrtL about SO miles t rtinY cltyTa f rooms]
fiinlrot-roc^. kitchen, gas plant, livery stable/
¦ etc: price S4G00; cafh $2C0O; balance on mort.
frag»: rare chance. Call R. O. WIL.KIE. 26«£
Kearny et.
A— J2XO0; salesroom cf buggies, surreys, phae-
tons, etc.. new and second-hand: place esttb.
fc years; clearing about $400 per month: actu-
ai value Bbout $400C; Investigate. R. G.
WILKH in^ Kearny St.
A— $700; HALF interest In one of the best sa-
loons cn v.ater front; party must be honest
and good buE'.ncEH mas. Call R. G. WILKE
J64 Keamy rt.
A — GENERAL, merchandise store; about 30
mtles from S. F. : cstab. many years aid do-
ing a first-class paying business; price JirtO;
a very rar*> chance and fullest Investigation
nr.licitfd. Call R. G. WILKE. T6'i Kearny.
A — $T7jP; SALOON, few doors south of Market
rt.: place kept l;~ owner 12 years and Is do-
Ing a frood buslnesi; sickneEs only cause of
ssJe; nr-t rent $15. Inquire R. G. WILKE,
?C4 Kearny st.
A— JSCO: COTtNER butcher shop In northern
part cf city: rent $10: horse, cart: selling 4
cattle and about 15 sheep per week; a cash
custom. Call R. O. WILKE. :6ft Kearny et.
A-tlTOO; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
close to Union Iron Work*: rent $30; 4 years'
lease; a first-class paying business; cwner
must leave for N. Y. to settle estate: inves-
tigate and ir.att offer. It. Q. WILKE, 26V4
Kearny 6t.
PARTNER wanted t« a large, old-established
profitable business, controlling a good. safe.
• olid and reliable trade: owing to retirement
ft former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties
will be the keeping of accounts and assitt-
lre generally In the management of the busi-
ness.; one accustomed to horses preferred;
capital required i:-(/«0 to $:0,O00; full value in
¦ ight: books and business open for Investiga-
tion. J. V.\ l>onnc:ijr & Co.. C32 Market si.
A partnership; profitable business; cash capital
required JitO; bci. ran be paid from profits.
T'articulars PONNKLLT CO.. C2 Market.
liCSTZT saved to buyers; fine openings In gro-
«-er1e*, saloons, cjjrar stores, hotels and otter
friusinerjes: investigate.
O. W. RCmVEINHARD.
rt.rr.e Mint 1W. SIT Market. b»t. tth A 6th.
? fc'NAP — Reuse of 4 large rooms ICx20 each;
rent tree: ground enough for 1CCO chickens;
cn shares. For fall particulars apply to
JOJIN EDER CO.. 12 Kearay st.. Room licnt-
&1 Lurrau.
A— 1ZZV; CANDY, stationery and clear store;
full value. MCLAUGHLIN. 777** Market st.
lltO — LAUNDRY route: good horse and wagon.
Mclaughlin & co.. ttth Market tt.
jr*O— ONT: of the b«rt fltted and centrally lo-
cated r-»taurant« in city; payments, D. Mc-
KAE, C7 Mission st. ._
VOUNG man. hi* handled over twenty millions
nf aollam In building contract* last ten years
in ¦ the East, would like to associate with
ImTUIw here; might t&ke Interest in businers
if *B.t!*ta«-trry. Bex 154S, Call offlce.
LARGE out*16e route OCo. 10) tat eale. Apply
at Call tnurtnera cSce.
CAXTED-A partner m laundry; must under-
stand tfca business. 1048 Kentucky tu
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A. ......]...;~LI3T YOUR A
Store Saloon Business Place
City or country real estate with me
I m«ke no charges for advertising ,
H. C. DECK ER. 3C2O Market st.. opp. Fifth
A I SELL AND EXCHANGE A
...Saloons, Store*, Rooming-houses. Hotels..,
Real Eptate and Business Places ,
Give me a call. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A RESTAURANT A
-. Paying Eusiness
Owner compelled to go Eart: make offer.
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
I SAJy>ON for Fale; large stock; fine location
r pood fixtures; rash register; owner must sell,
j Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1C20 Market St.
{ $1000— PARTNER wanted in eld established
! restaurant to attend cash counter and loolt
after helr>; present r.-wner wiehes to devote hii
time to buyins and the kitchen; clears J2J<
per month. DCS Market Et.; room 8.
FOR sale — A steam laundry in the Sacramentc
Valley doing a business from $100 to U50 pel
week: no other laundry within CO miles. Bui
1 1C»5. Call office.
HAVE a few hundred dollars — what . buslnesi
do you offer? Box 1S43, Call otSce.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon: dally re-
ceipts about SCO. Cail at place. SM) Market.
HORSESHOEING shop: cne of the best shop*
In the city on one of the principal streets; will
sell cheap, as owner Is obliged to leave city.
Box 1€36. Call office.
OUTSIDB route on this paper for sals. Apply
Call Business ' Of flee.
J«0— Manufacturing business partner wanted;
Investigate; old-established; good chance for
acceptable party. Donnelly Ca. 632 Market.
STF.UA RT. IS. 6 doors south of Market: res-
taurant Tor eale; in good orrter; price $200;
Insured far $200 one year; rent paid.
FDR sale— One of the best located lunch and
| chep house*: very reasonable rent. Particu-
i lars 1K0, fall ofnee.
FOR RALE— Second hand clothing and Jewelry
l>ris!neFs paying J1I5 to $150 a month: $?C0 to
*:C60 requ!r»<i at once. M.. box 1631. CalL
FIXTURES real e fc tate oOce. books and busi-
ness; bargains this day. P06 Market St.. r. 8.
i BALOON for snU': opposite the ferry. Apply
j 111 Katt rt.. norih of Market: no agents.
I RESTAURANT; good 'location; cheap; I am
I leaving c!t>\ €Ji> Ftanyan Bt.. end of Height.
I CANDY and stationery store, etock and flx-
J tures for sale cheap; no agents. 105 Polk st.
i CORNF.K cigar stand, doing fair business,
rear Market st.: a bargain. Apply at 201
Ellis st. Good reason for selling.
GOOD chance for a man with $300 capital to
I iro In the commission business; pays well.
| Call at 417 Davis st.
1 FOR sale— A fi>h end delicacy store. Address
C. M. W., 346 Virginia St.. Vallejo.
A SHOE store In country for sale; account of
sickness. Call at 28 gecond ft. ; leather store.
STATE rights; money-making patented lr.-
Ftaptar.eous freezer. S. SWEANY. French
Hcsi'Mal.
AN energetic partner with 55000 to purchase
! one-third Interest In a profitable mercanttlo
I business. Address Confidential, box 1786. Call.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including Eawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber *tock. donkey engine, horse teams, etc
. H. & F. L. COOPER, Nevada CTty. Cal.
TOBACCO and cigar More, with living rooms;
eftabllshed: price tlOO. Box U00. Call office.
J6M>— CANDY store; choice location. Call 9Z7
Market, r. 309. 12 m. to 1 p. m.. and 5 to 5:19.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE lnrlde route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlce.
LODGING-norsUS FOR SALE.
CO ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
10 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra... S>r ( 0
10 rooms. $450; 10 rooms, quick 850
Grand bargain; 11 roomH; steady roomers;
clears $65 over all expenses; fine furniture;
f.ne carpets. FISHER &; CO.. 3032 Market st.
$S-V> BUYS 14 elegantly furnished rooms; all
hair mattresses; best of bedding; clears JC5
month; rent only $r,2 M: b!g bargain; best lo-
cation. FIPI1ER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
FOR SALE— LODGING-TIOUPHS
IIOTKLS. BOARDIXG-HOVFES
FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
From 3 to 2V> Rooms
Prices from |50 to $20.000
Payments to suit. Give me a call
Money to loan at lowest rate
Cell. I can suit you
II. C. DECKER, 10T3 Market St.. cpp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 710 Market rooms 1 and 2,
near Call bldg. te!. Black 1SC3. Money to loan.
37 rooms; rent $175: income J3S0 $2000
27 rocrrs: licrlit. tunny; money makers.... I0*V)
17 rocms; rent $6"; clears $S5 month €00
9 rooms; central; paying house — TM
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms: rent tv>; part ca«h JSCO
26 rooms; rent $41: see it S00
86 room?; r«nt ttO; part cash 1600
67 room«: corner: rent $:r.i> 3000
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
$1400— WORTH J2CC0; 18 roorns: rent $55; all
full: newly furnished; private board. D. Mc-
RAE. MT Mission st.
J7J0— to ROOMS, all cn one floor: rent $52:
clrjir easily $1CO; :250 down. D. McRAE, 837
Mls?!on st.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit all
buyers: titles guaranteed; money loaned buy-
ers; before buying call.
O. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Thone Mint 1311. 917 Market St.. bet. Eth & 6th.
CALL and see our list of bargains in houses;
I v.e have them In any part of the city and at
I any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S
Sixth ft.
! 124^-11 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented: low rent BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
; CORNER house, 10 room?; rent $2S; Income
j Jf.S; a banrain at $400. Box 1650, Call offlce. •
i BARGAIN; 10 rooms; a money-maker; see It.
i 137 O'Farrell Bt.
; 1S-ROOM house; fine location; well furnished;
I full; going away. Box l.*81. Call office.
i TO buy or well business chances or lodclns-
j houses tee ANDREW PRICE. 30 Kearny st.
' SPIRITUALISM.
I MRS. EBERHAHDT, spiritual teat meeting to-
I nlRht; lCc 3250 Twenty-second Et., between
! Mission and Valencia.
i SPIRITUAL meeting to-night; convincing te3t
j rea^inK". 1 to 5 p. m. 1233 Howard; Mrs.
Maxwell.
J MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle, to-
'. night, C05 McAllister, 10c; come, skeptics.
! EARLE. 305 Taylor st, corner Ellis— Sittings
j daily; spancn Tuesday and Thursday.
! MRS. LESTER — Readir.es. TOc: circle every eve
I ex. Sat., 10c; devel. circl- Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
I — — —
i MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
! readings dally, 10 to 10. 1.04 Market, room 14.
! MME. MAJORS. glfte ; l Fplritual medium, healer
I and card reader. 14G Eddy st.
. MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, fcus.m*dlum,l!fe
j reader, medical clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
| C. Mayo-Steers. Whi Oak st. trance medium;
j readings $1; hour? 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard r.27.
! FRIENDSHIP" Kail. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
! Meyer: fittings rtntlv: t*-,f« to nil to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOY.il \TS.
A — THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS.
The world'- greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on all affairs of
life: he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful in business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns Is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant In the world to-day.
There Is no home so dreary or sad. no life
eo hard and blighted, no heart fo sad and
lonely, that cannot bo set right and kept right
j aftrr a visit to this Inspired prophet of modern
J tlmep; all long-standing and chronic diseases
j that have baffled the physician's still curfi
i without the use of medicine; he reunites the
I separated, settles . lovers' quarrels, causes
j speody and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasure, removes *a - 11 Influences: cure* flt3;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tell« If your loved one Is true; en-
! *Mfs you to win the affection of any one you
i desire; also that which a person is best adapt-
{ ed for In life la pointed out; he enables you to
{ overcome your enemies; ho matter what »your
I trouble is, he can and will help you or
! charge you nothing for his sen-Ices.
! N. B. -Palrnlstry taught: 'medlumlstle per-
rons developed. 26V4 Kearny St.. near Market.
I Readings by mail.
J ir you cannot call, write. Give date, of birth,
j etate whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
j questions; inclose $1. 9 a. in. to I p, m.
CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist: she
will reunite you With your loved one; hT ad-
vice can be rell»d upon In all busing* affaire,
rales of property, oil. .mines and lawsuits; do
- you want a b*tt»r position? Call and learn how
to crt It MRS.E.SANDERS.1104 Market, r. 28.
| MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. !* permanently located at 130S Mar-
ket rt.. corner of Golden Oato a\-e.. roam* 25
and 28; take elevator. . Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; rend ptamp for pam-
phlet with tpedal term*. Dallv and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant A card
reader, born with doubts- veil— second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles r.Oc,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. alt f 1 M. IK Turk.
| CLAIRVOYANTS.
L MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
' Clairvoyant and business medium, t« perma-
' nently located at 1" Third St., next Examiner
' building. She reads your life correctly, gives
L an accurate dmicrlption of the past, reveals
the present happenings and portrays events
" to occur in the future. If you are in trouble,
discontented, unhappy or not satisfied in life.
' or have domestic, love or business troubles,
l consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them. Valuable advice
. in all affairs of life; 25c up: perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed.
I ISMAR, the Egyptian gyppy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth; private re3dlngB daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
1 MME. LA ROSE, b«»«t clairvoyant, card render,
c free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.. cor. Sixth.
' MRS. Melvlll. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. 6th:German spokenitel.HowaTd ISifi.
] MME HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future: 25c. 14S Sixth st.. room 14.
C MME. ZEREDA; the gypsy. Is the great palm-
lst and card reader: 2Sc: 7 Seventh st.
1 MME. ECHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
, sittings daily. 44SK Jessie st.. bet. Eth & 6th.
' MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune
, teller, has removed to 222 Eddy tit.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
' palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. - 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dlum; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. S-10.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to gravs; future hus-
band's picture 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: namei given: g.V* rm. 5 Fourth st. _
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become diFgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Wcrks. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 391 GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Oate ave.: telephone East llfi.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; palnlesB cure. r>r. Duncan. 41j Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. '
CEOnCB W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 210. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT^theELECTRO^DENTAL CLINIC. SC9 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood, bide, you con
have your extractions done palnlesely; teeth
without plates our specialty; pold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
llce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. ITHATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for SO days on all
plates. Crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50: fillings. 50c; plates,
15. full ret; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago I'ental Parlors, 14 Sixth st.
KIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et.
DR. LUDLITM HILL. 1143 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from 83 per eet; extracting. 50c; gaa given. •
THE New York Dentists have moved to 86$
Mission Bt.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate -work solicited;
positive piinless extraction. SOe.
DR. R.L. WALSH. 8!5?i Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 60c:p!ates $5 up:phone Polk 1135.
l'ARIS Dental. Parlor. ?35 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fllllngs. 26o.
DR H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
TOtTN'G 1S41 Polk st. ¦
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOOL, S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market St.: Individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthnnd, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; tS per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; posi-
tions secured fcr graduates: catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Phorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $30; catalogue.
HF.ALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
S. F.— Koekkeepirtjr. fhorthand. typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. Kncllfh branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
and night sessions; new SO-pase catalogue free.
A — TUB LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
rchool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions fruaranteed to It by -written contract,
and can therefore wjth confidence guarantee
positions to ell its graduates. 303 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rrnp. 40-45
Farrott blilg. : Individ. Instruction; catalogue..
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeplng-flgures; short
tlm». TARR, cxp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MINING school of H. Hirschlnir. 334 Keamy st..
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry. Hxlva-
tlon. mineralogy, geolcgy, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mlnlng,m«»ch.,sur-
vey. array, cyanide, nrch. : day. eve.: est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLKN- SCHOOL. 933 Market.
PIANO lessons given at low rates; harmony
and thorough bass also taught. Box 15SS, Call.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-"
tlce. Merhl. reliable teacher. IOCS Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; dav or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Miselon. nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night "las*. 124 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — UNION JapaneBe-Chlnese Emp. Office; best
help furn. ; .domestic servants; work executed
w!th care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Hush 878.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds; I
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AQKI & CO.. 421 Post Bt. : tel. Bush 133.
v JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 1% O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; aU kinds^help. 315 Stockton; Main E1SS.
ABC KMPLOTMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
f se help fur. r.44 California; phon« James 2GW.
OHI'HEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
res* h»lp. 426 Powell, nr. Butter ;tel. Black 5072.
CHINESR end Japanese Employment Offlc-
T7»^t help. 41Ui O'Farrell St.: tel. East 42g.
EMl'LO VMBM AVAATKD — FEMALE.
STENOGRAPHER, has own machine, desires
hour or so dictation per day; excellent op-
portunity for those not requiring stenographer
all day; terms reasonable. Box 1508, CalL
A WOMAN with small child would like a slt-
uation to do general housework; city br coun-
try. 421 Fourth st.
TOUNO girl wants place to assist In house-
work; wages $15. Call or address 813B Va-
lencia ex.
'¦ GERMAN cook and man helper want places
together In hotel or boarding-house; city or
; country. 242 Natoma st., 1 basement.
i LADY withes employment for a few hours
i ; each day, Address M. L., 2200 Flllmore st.
; j A TOUNO lady doing ofCee work from 12 to 5
. p. m. would like to assist in housework In the
: forenoon In exchange for a good pleasant
home. Call or address MISS BURGESS. SOf
Sutter at., from 3 to S p. in.
i COMPETENT nurse wants position at sani-
1 i tarlum or to enre for Invalid In city; best de-
references. Inquire or add. -739 Folsom st
j between Third and Fourth. '
f SWEDISH woman wishes work; waRhlng Iron-
i ing or housecleaning; $135 day. Address
j J23 Minna «t.
TOIING woman, student, wishes office worn to
occupy f(ur to six hours daily. Address -P
A. R- care Y. AV. C. A., 12S9 O'Farrelj Bt.
NORMAL graduate desirea position as book-
k .Ti^ r o °,.« c .° pyist * etc. :-. recommendations.
MISS S.. CIO Connecticut Bt-. city.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third nt. near Mar-
ket-2C0 rooms: 25e to $1 SO night. $1 BO to JS
week; convenient nnd respectable: free 'bus
j an:! hngrage to and from ferry. •
j KMPLO Y.MEN T WAXTED— MALE.~
j MAN and wife wish situations on email ranch-
1 wl £ 0 *o°d_ cook, man understands farming
j and good horseman. Call' at 10C6U Howard.
j BRIGHT boy wishes to learn the Jewelry
1 trade; resides with parents. 1115 Steiner st.
ESIPLOYMEJfT WAKTED----MALEi»
YOUNG man. possessing : business ability and
tact, also understands bookkeeping, desires i
position, any one wishing. a hustler addresi
box 1643. Call offlce. - -' . " ' ' ' ¦'
EXPERIENCED law clerk desires position If
law office; salary no object; admitted t(
practice; stenographer, bookkeeper; age 23
reference last employer. Box 1649. Call. *¦
FARM hand; a strong and willing • Swede,
agod 24, wants position: good milker; handj
with tools; knows how to raise vegetables
wages no object. Box 1644,' Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation; experienced lr
all branches; run gasoline engine; references,
Address Qar-Iener. 529 Sacramento et.
STRONG young man of 21 would like work
painting preferred; used to climbing. 201!
Fifteenth st. ¦
STEADY man who can give good reference!
wants position- with undertaker; 'wants tc
learn the business. Box 1625. Call office.
STRONG young man of 21 would like a posi-
tlon of any kind. Box 1622. Call offlce.
YOUNG married man desires position as ship-
ping clerk, bill clerk or assistant at books;
experienced; good reference. Address Boa
15S3. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, lively and of good hab-
Its, wants place to work; handy at anything
Address.!!. WICKS. 5S3 Sacramento Bt.
EXPERIENCED boy, age 17 years, wishei
situation In machine shop. Box 1600. Call.
BUTCHER wants position in city or country
Scandinavian. Box 1626. Call offlce.
SITUATION, by middle-aged man; work about
private place; good gardener; take car*
horse; raise vegetables; refs. Box 1596. Call,
TENOR soloist and choirmaster wants posl-
tlon in church. Box 1553.. Call offlce.
FLATS. TO LET-
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 6 and C
rooms and bath: all the latest improvements.
Apply Q. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery-
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 100:
McAllister st. Apply O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery . st.
A CLEAN, sunny flat of S rooms and bath;
; bay-window; $18 with water. 10V4,Rlngold St.,
off Eighth, between Folsom and Ylarrlson.
GOLDEN GATE, 9C1, opp. Jefferson square—
Seven sunny rooms and bath. $32 60.
HILL. 5, corner Valencia* — Sunny 7-room. flat
and bath: rent $20.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
.LEAVENAVORTII. 1519V4— nat of 4 rooms; gas
and bath; rent $15; sunny stde.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms. 123S Bush St., neai
.Larkln; rent $11.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather plllown cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FRATTTF.R FACTORY. 214 Stevennon gt.
FURMTUItE FOIl SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S CO, with No. 1
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WAXTED.
AuctlonYer^UV'lncVnt^
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W. E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture. carpet3,
pianos, etc 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission et.. pays highest
price fcr Beconrt-rmnrl furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HKLP WANTED — KKjIALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses. $25 and $20, and free fare, for
first-class hotels. Los Angeles, Fresno and
Sacramento
5 waitresses for other country hotels, $20 and
S2Z. fare advanced
3 more chambermaids for Southern California,
one-half fare free
6 restaurant and hotel waitresses and 3 head
waitresses, city, $20 to $30 a month
Chambermaid for boarding-house, $20 and
room
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
French working housekeeper, $30; seamstress
and do light second -work, $20; cooks, house
Eirls, second giflf", city and country. 120 to
$30
C. R. HANSEN & Ca .' 104 Geary »t.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 157;
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitrepses, same place, .first-class city
hotel. $20; 4 waitresses, different city hotels,
120; 8 waitresses, south and commercial
houses, }20 and $22 50; chambermaid to wait,
$20; seamstress, $20 :...
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Mother and daughter or 2 sisters, an cook
and second, country, $45; second girl. 2 in
family, $20; house girl, choice place, $20; 2i
Kirls for housework and cooking, $15 to $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary Bt. ,
NEAT girl, good plain cook, 2 In family, a
very nice place, $23; 2 girls for small families,
plain cookln*, 125; girl for Oakland, 2 In fam-
ily, small house. $20; girl for . family of 2.
city, $17 60; young eirl to assist, take child
of 3 years out afternoons, real nice place, $15;
we have 4 more very nice places at $20: "
places very light work, assist and second
work at $15. Cal. Emp. Agency. 59 Third St.
A— WANTED ••
Woman, about SO to 35 years of age, as as-
elstant attendant for girls in an Institution
near city, $25 p*r month, with board, lodsrlne
and laundry- W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
GIRL to assist In general housework for
country; Email family; good salary; refer-
ences required. Call before 10 In tha morn-
Ing, C23 Octavla st.
NEAT, willing young girl to -nssist with the
care of 2 smalt children; references required.
Call at 900 Devlsadero St.; afternoons.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
eelf-assertlon: good opportunity to right par-
ty. • F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
"WANTED— Neat young Blrl for general house-
work: must understand cooking; small fam-
ily. 3003 Jackson St. - .
WANTED— A girl for second work in a small
family; references required. Call at 2000
Gouch st.
A BRIGHT girl for halrdresslng, manicuring,
etc.; a good homo and a splendid opportunity
to learn the trade. Box 165L Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED apprentice and girls on cus-
tom coats; paid while learning. 126 Russ st,
OPERATORS wanted on wrappers. JUDA
imOS., 109 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED operators on waists. 723
Markrt at. r.', ¦
WANTED— A German cook. 42S Geary St. :
call at S ii. in.
WANTED— Young: Kirl; light housework; sleep
home. Apply at 871 Hayes St., near Flllmore.
WANTED — Girl or middle-aged woman for
general house-work. Inquire 330 Fourth St.
WANTED— Younc girl for light housework; 2
In family. 560 Lombard st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework;
small family; wages $20. Apply 1548 Post St.
GIRL for general housework. Call 3007 Six-
teenth st. - • ¦ ¦• . '' .
AN experienced girl for bakery and coffee
parlor. 127 Fifth st...
NEAT young girl for light housework; wages
$10 to $12. ' 2777 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— A German girl for general house-
work In small family: one preferred that will
sleep home. Call after 9 a. m. at 766A Har-
rlson St.. between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— A woman, who in bright and dresses
neatly to travel for wholesale house. Box
1627, Call offlce. . ¦ .¦ ' . ¦
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework;
email family; German preferred: call J to 11
a. in. ¦ 3639 Army St., near Guerrero.
WANTED— A first-class saleslady .for an Oak-
land cloak nnd suit house; state experience
and where last employed. Box 1636, Call.
PAPER BOX • FACTORY— Experienced girls
wanted. Western Paper Box Co.. 30 Fremont.
GOOD hands on vents by machine and hand;
also apprentices. 641% Stevenson SU
WANTED— First-class ironer. Standard Laun-
dry, , 114 Hayes st. - .
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.'
WANTED— Two good waitresses: good wages
• to right persons. Apply 20 Third- street.- -
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
C23:IIaight St. ¦;'.'.-- :
GIRLS wanted. St. Nicholas Laundry, Seven-
teenth and FolscJm sts. .
YOUNG girl to- assist with housework and
care of two children. S26B Fulton st.
WANTED— A competent girl for second -work
and assist with waiting; reference required;
¦ call from 1 to 2. 1421 Sutter st. ¦_•- . ¦¦ .'.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. G41. Market st.
OPERATOR8 on electrlo „ power sewing" ma-»
.chines on shirts and- overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WKIL/& MICHAEL'S. 631 Mission.
APPRENTICE wanted ' for j- the ¦ eorset trade;
will bo paid what • they are worth. MRS.
FORD. 631 Post st. I! "-_'¦¦.-*¦¦-¦- -.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. - 723 Market St.. room 85.
FINISHERS on : coats j and , pants . and ; operator
; on. pants. v 541 Market st.
IIELP WA NTS D— MALE.
» A— MURRAY A READY Phone Main S848
' ...Leading Employment and Labor Agenta.'. .
' ............WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY...?
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
! 6 carpenters for building factory for a large
company., country, see boss here. $60 and
found, long Job :.......
• S carpenters, rough work...,$a day and board
Miner, machine work, see boss here.
, "•• ••'•> $S2 to and found
Laborer for mine $35 and found
; Gardener, Ban Mateo County $25 and found
Vegetable gardener $23 and found
Farm hands nnd inllktrs $;s and $30
» ¦ Woodchoppern, tie and post makers, tools
-and provisions furnished
Chef cook, mine boarding-house, $50: second
\ cook. city. - $33: • waiters, etc. MURRAY A
READY. 634-628 Clay st.
; AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant 1S5
, *5 colored coal miners, married and single,
for nrst-class mlna; fare advanced; see party
here. Apply C, R. HANSEN A CO.. 104
Geary st,
25 COAL miners, married and single; good
wages; good mines; see party here. C. R.
. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
' AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 185
•••• HOTEL DKPARTMENT
Cake baker, country, $00; cook, country hotel.
! 4 Vf°. M5: f am D cook .' $40; ironer. country
hotel, $3a; nurse. .institution, country, $30....
Distiller and wlnemaker. $75; buttermaker
• and milker, $35; 2 pruners, $1 a day and
' board; woodchoppers and tlemakers, see boss
here. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
! WANTED— To hire 20 head of stocl/and har-
ness suitable for railroad work. Address C.
J R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
» AN offlce man -as clerk for this office. C R.
; HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED
Young man of some education as assistant
I attendant for boys' training school; short dis-
tance in country; $25 per month, with board
. room and washing. W. D. EWER tt CO..
( 610 Clay st.
' A— WANTED ...'.
Iron molder for country shop, $3 £0 a day;
; ccal miners to sink a ebaft by the foot:
I bcandlnavlan choreman and wife. $40. eco
boss here; married farmer to take charge of
email orchard, $40; pruner for vineyard, $26;
third hand baker, $30 and found; chore boy
I for ranch. $15. W. D. EWER A CO.. C10
Clay st.
. ONE bricklayer, 2 bench hands. 1 millwright,
1 lather; non-union; no office fees. Mechan-
lcs' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
: JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
" Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push:
good opportunity to right man. V. PERSON.
' room 412, Parrott building.
• WANTED— A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman in furniture and carpets; state
references, where last employed, salary ex-
pected and age; applications -will not be con-
sidered which do not contain this information
• complete. Address R. F. B., box 1637, Call.
. WANTED— Experienced wasbgoods salesman;
i state age, experience and salary expected.
Box 176>. Call office. -
WANTED— Young man, about 20 years old, as
assistant porter in wholesale house. Box
; 164S. Call office. ¦
WANTED— Steady, reliable man to Join me In
! small restaurant; $30 month; must have some
caah;, no experience required. Apply 49fl 4th.
WANTED— Nice appearing boy for large store
to attend door. Box 1646. Call office.
BARBER wanted. $15 week, at VALVO'S bar-
ber shop, 628 Broadway.
STEADY barber wanted Saturday evening and
Sunday. 2007 Mission st.
WANTED— A cook at 1012 Battery st.
' HONEST, reliable man In plain cash business;
$75 per month; $100 required. 433 Bush st.
; BEERTAPPER. German; must wait at table
also. 10S3 Market st.
DISHWASHER wanted; $10 per month and
found. 1224 Point Lobos ave.; Geary-sL cars.
L WANTED— Lunch waiter; hour and a half's
work; 35c. 471 Brannan St.
$850— STEADY man partner; corner saloon.
[ Particulars cigar store, 217 Fifth, cor. Folsom.
WANTED— Smart young man as carriage
Rronm for a first-class place; state age and
t height. Box 1632. Call offlce.
1 FIUST-CLASS downtown barber shop running
1 several chairs; bargain. D. STOLTZ, 636
1 Market st.
GET your shoes half-solsd while waiting; 25c
; to r,0c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
BOOKKEEPER, single and double entry;
good correspondent and typewriter; ref; state
salary; permanent position. Box 15S7. Call.
1 6 TEAMSTERS at once.; $1 75 per day. Cal.
Emp. Agency, 69 Third Et. ; phone Red 8L.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
; 20c. Boston House. $10 Howard st.
i BARBER shop for sale cheap: 3 living-rooms.
1612^4 Folsom Bt.. near Twelfth.
, BAP.BERS— A complete 3-chalr outfit for sale
cheap. Apply 902 -I.arkin Bt.
. I WANTED— Bookkeeper; state age, experience
I and where last employed. Address box 2083,
Call offlce. Oakland.
; ALL (sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
' price. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and Id sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 25; not
less than 6 feet 4 inches and not over S feet
1 l.lnch In height: able to read, write and
! speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce. 40 Ellis
; et.. San Francisco, Cal.
• MEN — Our catalogue explains how -we teach
the barber trade in two months, saving two
years; mailed free; we have no 5c shop In
connection with our college. Motel's Barber
1 College. 635 Clay st. ' •
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 117 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to 12 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st.
UNDERPRESSERS on coats and vests. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Graduate optician: Al refractlon-
lst; $150 per month. Box 1505. Call office. •
• 2-CHAIR shop for sale cheap; doing good busi-
ness. Inquire S94 Sixth st.
; MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. ¦ H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. 4°6 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
i SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
' ail parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
. fcet: 700 rooms, 23c night:, reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
' A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call, 1«
. ph?«*. In wranrer. for mailing. $1 per year.
HORSES A>D WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
127 Sixth et. '.auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
', WANTED to hire 10 span of draft horses and
harness at $1 per day per epan^ Including
feed and good care. BULLARD & JOHN-
> . SON. 53 Third 8t., phone Red 31.
; LARGE dray and driving horses. Just from
i country: -well matched and voung. Apply at
1523 Howard St.. PENN STABLES.
FOR Sale— A stylish pair of coach horses. 1525
California st.
8. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
Sd session June 10. ' Catalogue by applying to
> M. L. Pancoast, sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatic-tired road buggry. DR. L.
KRAKER, veterinary dentist, 16* Golden
: Gate: ave., corner Leavenworth st.
FOR Sale— Wagon and harness. J. HILDEH-
. BRANT, 1619 Powell St.
STRONG top cart. $10. 1301 Devisadero st, .
i STRONG ' buggy horse and harness. $60. ¦ In-
qulro at 413 Twenty-ninth Et.. after 9 a.' m.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses at 721 Howard st. *
FOR sale— A Studebaker carriage In fair con-
dltlon. Box 1589. Call offlce.
i A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons.
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
v camping wagon, for sale cheap. 63» Mission.'
CHEAPEST and best. in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
- HOUSES TO LET.
'A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1932, near Laguna— Eight rooms,
• bath, laundry: marine view: rent $45.
HOUSES- TO LET— FURNISHED.
CALIFORNIA. 1711, near Van Ness— 10-room
• house. ¦ furnished. • Call bet. :1 and 2 p.m.:<
HOUSE CLEANMG. , ~
JAPANESE- ~ Houne Cleaning Co., estak. 1U0;
'removed to 419 DevlsadTO rt.. tel. Fell 181.
.-.^ ' i. l^Z£}££i^yrcSjTC'U RE.
INVALID furniture and appliances; ealeorrent:
F.- GOODBAN, 1117 Van Ness ave., 1 nr. Post st.
TflgllJOT mWIMVKfVlfiF- ' ' '¦•¦¦¦. f
LOST AXD FOU2TD.
HANDSOME reward Is offered to th» person
who returns St. Bernard dog. missing since
Monday from 636 or o3S Oak st., near Web-
ster; no questions asked. R. HAAS, 121
Market Bt.
LOST— Scotch collie pup. 2 months old. Finder
please return to K>9 Stelner st. tfnd receive
reward.
—
LOST— Last week, blue enameled gold watch:
fleur de lls on back:' $20 reward; no ques-
tions. D. SAMUELS' Lace House.
LOST Gold pin: three hearts In one; forget-
me-nots; reward. G. M. CUMMINO, 143
Crocker building. -
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD irold Fllver. diamonds and precious stones
bought. ' J: R- JENKKL. ?17 Market et.
.MATTRESSF.S AND UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: teL South 792;
to order or renovated, feather ¦ and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
_ __. _ jhedICAIi.
DR and MRS. DAVIES/1223 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return same
dav those wishing to treat themselves should
send for "^HINDOO HEKB HOME TREAT-
MENT;a sure cure: gives Instant relief, harm-
less; any one can use It; stamp. for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to rive Instant
relief for any ailment: safe and reliable: 19
years In Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced in
S. F. since 1S84; maternity home; fea low.
1007^ Market street, near Stxth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Market,
opp. Eth: world-renowned ladies specialist:
safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR KOHL. 997 Market et.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician:. 23 years'
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed;
when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs/
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
r,fflce; any ailment; home for patients: con-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larklq.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market,
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles' specialist.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for Hat. Mrs. Hertz. 70C Ellla.
MARRIAGE bureau.; eBt. 1S76; reliable: con-
fidential lists. 10c. S23 Kearny St., rms. 5-4.
MIXES AM) MINING.
1 ¦ - - 1 - - *,
MINKS bought and sold; also stocks In mines
and oil companies. Prof. John TUton. » 475-
476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: 10-12. 1-3.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, id-haml machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale cheap— 1 Gray A Woods planer. 27
ft. bed: 1 sawmill for timber; 1 pat. dry
house, 2000 ft. capacity; 1 Goodall A Waters
lumber planer, 6x24; knife grinder: turning
lathe; upright boring machine. Iron frame and
table, pully. Style borer; Jointer; band saw;
cutoff and rip caws; band saw filer, and other
machinery. Apply to C. W. BURGESS, car«
P. A. Buell. Stockton. Cal.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-band; we always
have a large stock of saloon o-: tilts on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made.;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalgoue.
A— BEAWTIFUL ladles' diamond set watch for
$30: the cases are guaranteed solid 14-karat
gold, with beautiful diamond In center; the
original was $.35, UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
BUT a brand-new typewriter for $3 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California
st.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month. -
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. «« Spear St. '
20 H.-P. D. C, 220 volt Westlnghouse motor
for sale or exchanjra for any other machln-
ery. Box 1647. Call offlce.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 218 California st.
FOR SALE— Fine three horsepower electrlo
motor. Apply McNEIL BROS., 354 Hayes st.
400 000 hard second-hand bricks; Baldwin site.
Apply on premises: JOHN MOORE.
FOR sale — CO.000 feet second-hand lumber at
foot of Second St.; old soap works.
CIGAR factory outfit for sale; tables, molds,
presses, etc. Inquire at SIS Sansome st. .
A 15 AND 23 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine:
cheap. J. BURKE. 13i> Beaie St.
1 BARNES 8-ln. swing lathe; 13 H. P. Hercules
j gasoline eng. ; 1 No. 3 Dow pump. 631 Mission.
ALEXANDER A CO., 110 Montgomery st.. sell
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. «7~423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ PAFE. 100-111 Market wt.. San Fran.
lllISCELtA?iEOPS 3 :
WANTED— Small safe In good order; Inside
about 17x13x12. Box 10S4, Call office
WANTED— A coupe or brougham, cheap for
cash. Box 1590, Call office.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
brac, old gold. 109 Sixth phone Jessie 141.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
HOSEY TO LOAJV.
A— MONET to loan at rates which peonle can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Room-? 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY' proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
m estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. IIALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: set my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Markat
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A — $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and ccllat-
erla. -J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery et.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no remo-val; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 8. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
1 watches, Jewelry. W. J. HE^THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Bt.. room 63.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%. undl-
vided Ints.; estates. HARPER.S37 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries'; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building. .
MONEY to loan on furniture by prlvte party;
. low rate. 917 Market st.. room 1. ¦
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Aren*-— 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s -with
easiest payments, i lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from.- Each the best
. of their grade, from Eteinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
- priced pianos for a new Steinway any tim«
within three • years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
* $6 per month. We offer to sell some good
" pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
;MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway : and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land. ¦
IF Its bargains you want, read these prices:
Good square, $50; French upright, small size,-
1100: beautiful walnut Merleton, two flna
- Decker A Son, almost like new. and other
bargains that we will- show you when you
:call. MAUVAIS', MUSIC CO.. 7S) Market at.
5IEGEL plays the "Regal."
The V Ttegar Is best." gays SlejeL
And' you want the best mandolin if yon have
any at all; you want a "Regal." **
we are agents for the "Regal" guitars and
. mandolins.
MAUVAIS* MUSIC CO.." 753 Market ft.
3IU5ICAL rXSTRimB5T8.
AT wholesale— 100 new pianos till March 1.
IU8 up. Greatest offer ever mad* In San
Francisco In prices and terms.
1 Steinway. aU uprights $16?
1 Novella -. 63
1 HJlet A Davis 439
1 Haines 143
1 Chickeriug ; HO
Wo handle all makes. Agents for some of
theoldest planes in existence— Ballet & Davis,
Bfhr Bros., Jewett. etc.; agents wanted.
HEINE PIANO COMPANY. 217 Geary St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. JS.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs ami
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer. ¦ <^ ->r- - r •
S ORGANS, from $25 to *60. ~~
3 second-hand pianos, from 175 ta $143.
4 new uprights from $150 to $135.
Guaranteed; emsy payments. BENJAMTM
CURTAZ A SON. 16-1S-20 OTarrell st:
Checkering agency.
A BONA-FIDE cleaning ont removal sale of
second-hand pianos at low auction prices. $?•)
up (this week only). WILSON'S Storage. 1710
Market at. %
ON sale— Stelnway upright. $200. 217 Geary st..
room 88.
WANTED— Five good square pianos for coua-
try gchools. BYRON M.VCZY. SOS Post St.
PARTY going East must sacrifice fine standard
make upright piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
over and othera. Wiley B. Allen Co.. »14 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG, lls McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer A Co.. Byroa
Mauzy, Cabler and Spellman Planoa. 308 Post.
SPF.CIAL SALE— Immen-e reductions; see- our
leader, only $i:o. BRUENN. 203 Post st.
S-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2^3 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE*3. s33 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent sto^k in citv: new pianos $3 per
month. SOOTT-CURTAZ. 5S0 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and now. 57
MULLER. maker, repairer. Z Latham piace.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— West comer Fourth and Perry
sts. ; occupied as grocery and bar for past JO
years; rent $20; water free. Apply to O H.
UMBSEN & CO.. U Montgomery st.
TWO offices and a showroom to let. Apply at
16 Second st.
CHEAP, light offices. Emma Spreckels build-
Ing. 927 Market St.
OIL.
THE charter subscription list for th» Oold
Standard Oil Producinj Company will be opea
for one week commencing Monday morning,
the 11th. and wtll close Saturday. 12 o'clock;
noon, at the offices of Mr. Sylvain Salomon,
investment broker, and th» Fidelity Real
Estate Company. 207 Montgomery St.. S. F.
This charter list Is a ground floor proposition
and worthy cf Investigation. The property
Is in Kern River and Sunset districts. Apply
immediately.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. S30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2S0O ACRES oil land: $5 to $3C00 per acre. W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
KERN River: proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carpien A Somea. r. 104. Chronicle.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
.up. Jensen A Bath. 303 Sixth: open evening*.
PALMISTRY. ,
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. sctentlflo palmist. 5:5
\ Taylor at., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black UK
PATEXT3 AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no cfcargs unless successful.
OEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big. !
PEKSOXALS.
IF you -want to be successful In all your a£alrs
and bring health, happiness, love and all that
Is good within your reach, you must learn
how to Influence people: I will teach you
how. MRS. VALEEN, 213 Leavenworth et. »
ON and after this date I will not be respon-
sible, fo«" any debts contracted In my nase.
unless previously approved by my wife, aad
thereafter Indorsed by the undersigned.
CHAS. E. BOWT^.
P.AG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove ruga, silk portieres; dealer la
carpet twine, in hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 FUth.Oakland.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" ofnee. 102J Market st, nr. Sixth.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $li>: dress pants. 12 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooma:
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 B0 to $8 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, etngla, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTEKN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass Cn-
lshlng A models made. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
HEALTHY boy or girl baby for adoption. MRS,
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkti
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists. ¦ .
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; SI: at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address In the
United Ptates or Canada one year for $1.
PHYSICIAXS AND SCRCEOSS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021*4 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: »«<»
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
BARGAINS Getting Mora Scarce Dally.
A. M. Speck A Ox. CS7 Market St.
. Opposite Kearny.
Mission-street Corner.
$38,000 — Refused $70,000 7 years ago: corner
Mission and 14th sts.; 170x153 feet: S
frontages; bank mortgage $26,000; mat
offer; must sell.
Sutter-street Corner.
$100.000— Three frontages: 137:8x273: finest sit*
In city for church or sanitarium.
Two Corners.
$78.000— New Improvements; lot 80xl2Si rents
:533.
$70.000— Reduced From IS2.0CO.
Choice corner lot, 73-foot front: within H block
cf Market st.: with old Improvements:
rents about $400: the only corner th*t
-,-cu ¦'- can b» bought vldnlty of Sixth, street.
$35,000— Corner north of Market, east of Jones;
eo-foot front; pays 6 per cent net.
Clay-street Corner.
137:€xl37:8 feet; NW. corner Clay and Gongh
•ts.: magnificent marine view; cheap-
est BO-vara In the city for bon-ton real- 1
dence or flats; easily worth. $40, 000.
Hotel Corner.
$20,000-60 feet front; Tldnity oi Satter it.
east of LeaTenworth st.: finest hotal.
offlce or rooming-house, site.
$1X600— Leavenworth st.; fine locality; rent*
$100 net.
Jacknon-street Residence.
$14.000— Near Van Ness ave.: every modern
convenience: 14 rooms tnrl t baths:
built S years; mortgage $3000; lot Wx
130; building cost mor* than ptic*
aaked.
Building for sale; to ba removed: Nix 43)
Eddy street.
A. M. SPECK A CO..
i K7 Market Street.
HEADQUARTERS FOK PARK LOTS! I
Choicest and cheapest lots In this city.
We can positively suit you.
$75. $100. $3K> and $300— near 2Xlas!on.-st. elec-
tric car or grand ocean boulevard: $i monthly.
$3C0 to $900— Choicest graded Subset Nine-
teenth ave. boulevard and Richmond lots; Jio
monthly.
$73). $1000. ?1500 to $2100— Splendid cottages
Eocd locations near cars; all bargains. Must
be sold. . Installments same as rent.
Branch office Ninth ave.. cear H St.. Sunset.
6OL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM W. CHRONICLE BTJTLDINO.
MODERN flats: rents $33 per month: alwav^
¦Worth $400. H. C. DECKER. lOa'aiarkit;'" 4TO SAIL.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY li.
NOTE— In tha above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides | are given In the left
hand ' column and the ' successive tides of the
day in I the order of ; occurrence as to time of
day, the. third tlma column gives the last tide
of the day,* except when there arc but three
tides, as 'sometimes occurs. "The heights : given
are In' addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 12— Bark Levl G
Burgess, - hence Jan 23. *
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Feb 13— Br ship
'Glooseap, from Manila.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 13— Schr Roy
s^niers, from Grays Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb . 13— Stmr
Fulton, hence Feb '8: sehr La Glronde. hence'
Jan '24: schr .-Vega, hence Feb 2; schr Esther
Buhne,-- hence- Feb 2.- " : ¦" .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 13-gtmr
National City, from San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived :¦ Feb 13— Stmr : Milton,
from ¦ Nanalmo ; . ' Nor - stmr '; Bergenhus. from
Hongkong; < stmr Homer,' from • Eureka; - Br
stmr Strathgryle, from Portland. Or. •
; BEATTLE— Arrived Feb 12— Ship W H Macy,
f rojsi Honolulu : stmr Mackinaw, hence Feb 9.
Balled Feb . 12— Stmr Dolphin, for ¦ Alaska,;
for -Glasgow; stmr Bulgaria, for Hamburg;
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LONDON, Feb 18— Grave anxiety Is felt at
Lloyds' ' and In the produce market In regard
to the safety of the Br ship Ardnamurchan.
from Victoria tor Llverpoor. Slxty-flve guineas
premium have been paid to reinsure the ship.
Feb ». SO N 10 W— Br ship Ancalos, hence
Sept 19 for Queenstown. . • « -
: MISCELLANEOUS.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 13 (10 p. m.)— Weather
cloudy; wind south; velocity 8 miles per hour.
WEDNESDAY, Feb. 11.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego.
•Stmr Luella. Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Lackme. Schage, Eureka.
Stmr Washtenaw. Zolllng. Tacoma.
Etmr Jeanie, Mason, Astoria.
Ger stmr Eva. Peterson, Hongkong.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, Astoria.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, San Pedro.
' Stmr Navarro, Hans«n, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Samoa, Hlgglns.
Stmr Brunswick. Anderson, Port L*n
Stmr ' Coquille River, Thompson, Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Newburg, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Btmr Eureka, Jessen, from Eureka.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Hall, Comox.
Br ship Cawdor, Burch, Queenstown.
Schr Sailor Boy, Nielsen, SeaMle.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson. Coos Bay.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Coquille River.
Schr Albion, Larsen, CoquiUe River.
Behr Archie ; and Fontle, Hunter, Stewarts
Point, ' '
Bchr Mary C. Campbell, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
CLEARED,
WEDNESDAY, Feb. IS.
Btmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu and Port
Los Angeles; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Centennial, Anderson, Seattle; E T
Br stmr Condor, Anderson, .Callao; W R
Stmr Hyades, Garlick. Chemalnus; C T Bow
rlnz' & Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Hall, Comox; R.
Dunsraulr's Sons Co. - ¦ \ • ",.-.-
Stmr Corona. Hlnkle, 67 hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 37 hours from Port
Los Angeles. . • ¦
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 18 hours from Fort
Bragg:.- . _ • ,
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Botrena
Landtnar.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. U.
Stmr Samoa, Hlggtns, 33 hours from San
Dleco. ¦ I
For Chile— «892 Ids tea, .600 n>s lard. 19,000 ft
lumber as dunnage: value, $2418. The vessel
also carried 21,220 lbs flour valued at $f,SOO
for Chile which was laden at Portland.
Notice to Mariners. .
Captain G^ H. Pierce of the United States
army transport Sheridan reports having re
ceived from Captain Street of the ship George
Scholficld the following bearings of the rock
on the southeast coaut of Kluslu which waa
struck by the last named vessel: Tol Mlsakl
signal station Rearing N. by K.. Ko Sakl bear-
Ing \V. by N., about, making the position
(approximately) latitude N. 31 degrees IS min
utes, longitude E. 131 degrees 20 minutes. Ship
struck a glancing blow on the bilge, receiving
no damage below the turn of the bilge — prob
ably a pinnacle rock. , C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In Charge.
The British . steamer Condor cleared yester
day for South American ports with the fol
lowing merchandise as part of cargo:
For Callao— 30,900 railroad ties, valued at
18339.
Shipping 1 Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
2TEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Liverpool for Halifax.
proceeded.
Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Lake Ontario, from
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
from New York for Boulogne and Rotterdam;
Itmr New York, for Southampton.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Rhyn
land, from Phlladelohla for Liverpool: strar
Teutonic, from New York for Liverpool, and
Hamburr.
LIZARD— Passed Feb 13— Stmr Amsterdam.
pool.
HAMILTON, Bermuda— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr
Pretoria, from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York for Cherbourg and
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Feb 13-Stmr Lahn,
from Bremen for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Feb 13 — Stmr
Waesland. from Liverpool. \
SCILLT— Passed Feb 13— Stmr Graf Waldei
see, from New York for Plymouth. Boulogne
and Hamburr.
BRO\VHEAI>-Passed Feb lJ-Stmr Teutonic,
from New York for Queenstown and Liver-
pool and Queenstown.
HALIFAX — Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Llvonian.
from Glasgow and Liverpool, via Philadelphia.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb lJ-Stmr Columbia,
from Alexandria for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Glen
ogls. from Tacoma for Hongkong.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Slam.
stmr Germanic, for Liverpool; «tmr Kensing
ton for Antwerp.
Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Majestic, from Liver-
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
DISMANTLING THE WRECKED STEAMSHIP IAQtTA AT MISSION
• BTREET WHARF PREPARATORY TO PUTTING HER ON THE MA
RINE WAYS FOR A COMPLETE OVERHAULING.
Only a Few Coasters Make Port Dur
ing Day.
Up to sundown last night the only ar
rivals were the steam schooner Alcatras*
from Port Los Angeles, steamship Corona
from Newport, steam schooners Sonoma
from San Pedro and Sequoia from Fort
Bragg and the schooner Newark from
Bowens Landing. J The southeast storm
signals are Hying: and a gale, may now
be raging off shore and thus keeping- the
coasting fleet back. The barometer Is
steadily falling and old sailors are ask
ing: "Will we get our share of the dis
turbance to-day?"
Masters of the ships in port did not
seem to take much stock in. the storm
signals, however, as over twenty craft of
all kinds went to sea during the day. "Let
it blow from the southeast," was the re»
mark of all the skippers. "It can't blow
too hard to suit us. A southeaster will
give us a good offing and that is what
we all want."-
The steamer Sequoia that came in dur
ing the day ha* made a new record be
tween here and Fort Bragg for herself.
She made the round trip in forty-two
hours and all hands are delighted with
the performance of the vessel. Consider
ing that two cargoes were handled, it was
a very smart piece of work.
: •
Iaqua Dismantled.
The steam schooner Iaqua that went on
Duxbury reef while on her way south
some weeks ago and was later got off
and towed to San Francisco Is now along
side Mission-street wharf. Her engines
and boilers have been taken out and also
her" masts and outstanding rigging. In a
couple of dayn she will be on the ways
at Alameda Point, where she will be thor
oughly overhauled and made as good as
new.
• ? ,
"Wafer Front Notes.
The- steamship Westminster sails for
England to-dav with a cargo of wheat.
Sho has been on the coast for nearly two
years and during: that time has -served as
a cargo boat, collier and transport. Cap
tain Petrle has made many friends rin the
coast, all of whom will be sorry to see
him depart: . The captain has not seen
his family for more than two years, how
ever, and the start for home cannot be
made too soon to suit him.
- The steamer Energla, which made two
trips for the California and Oriental
Steamshlp.Company to this port, has been
sold to Japanese parties for 120,000 yen.
The furnaces on the steamship Roanoke
went down soon after she made port. Re
pairs will be quickly made and the vessel
will go to sea on time. ' The Inspectors of
Hulls and" Boilers aro to hold an.investi
gation.
ABBIVALS AND DEPASTURES.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
fleet is well in evidence these
days. The Sonoma is now nearlng
Sydney, N. S. W., having made a
record run as far as Auckland,
N. Z. She beat the Nippon Maru by six
hours, was eighteen hours ahead of her
contract time at Auckland- and her own
ers expect her to deliver the English malls
at Sydney a day ahead of time.
The Ventura, sails to-night with more
than 260 passengers all told, and every
ounce of cargo she can pack. Captain
Howard, .superintendent of the Oceanic
dock, has shown his executive ability in
getting more than 4060 tons of freight into
the vessel in" two days and at the>eame
time seeing that all the necessary repairs
and alterations were made. *.
The Sierra is at the Oceanic wharf being
overhauled - and will 'sail for Australasia
on March 6 while the Zealandia sailed for
Port Los Angeles yesterday afternoon.
The latter vessel is to take 800 Porto Rl
cans to the Hawaiian Islands. The Marl
posa Is expected back from. Honolulu soon
and the Australia is on her. way to Ta
hiti. In a few weeks the Sierra will be In
first-class shape and then the company's,
fleet will be one of the finest In these
waters. ; - . : • .
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Feb 12— Bark Big
Bonanza, for Honolulu: bktn Newsboy, for
Lahalna. Jan 13 — Ship Star of Bengal, for
Honolulu. ¦
NANAIMO— Arrived Feb IS— Stmr Mlneola,
from Port Los Anseles; Aus stmr Frederlca,
hence Feb 8.
HAZATLAN— Sailed Feb 12— Chll stmr Pal
aenax. for San Francisco. .
VICTORIA— Sailed Feb 8— Br stmr Aorangl.
for Sydney. Feb 5^-Nor bark Prince Victor,
for Vancouver. Feb 12— Stmr Ellhn Thompson,
for Copper River.
V OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Pretoria,
Sailed Feb W— Stmr Corwln.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 13 — Stmrs Pomona
and South Coast, hence Keb 13.
NEAH BAY— Passed Feb 13— Ship Santa
Clara. DUt back In tow.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 13— Schr
Excelsior, from San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS. - N "-,
CALETA BUENA— Sailed Feb 10— Br bark
Port Carlisle, for Oregon.
PORT HADLOCK-Arrlved Feb 13-Stmr
Robert Dollar, from Seattle.
stmr Dlrlgo. for Alaska. Feb 1*-Stmr Robert
Dollar, for Port Hadlock.
OceanicStearnship Company's Sonoma Makes a Wonderful
Maiden Run Between Here and Antipodes, Leading
the Nippon Maru Six Hours;*;"
BEATS GONTRACT TIME TO NEW
ZEALAND BY EIGHTEEN HOURS
Sun, Moon and -Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times - and Heights of High and Low
Waters af Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes . later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
assist the people of San Francisco to set
a through line* of steamers from this port
to Manila. Ever since the eighth day of
December last the merchants who 'are In*
eluded. In the membership of the San
Francisco Board of Trade have been
waiting to get from the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company some assurance con
cerning the intentions of the steamship
management in reference to putting on
steamers from San Francisco to Manila,
or, as an alternative, making a connec
tion at Hongkong, bo that the wares and
products sent forward from this city and
State for consumption in the Philippines
might be forwarded to the islands with
out delay and with certainty of arriving 1 .
The facts have been published in The
Call concerning the failure of the mer
chants to get any such assurance as they
desire. The publication has attracted
the attention of the management of the
Oregon and Oriental Steamship Company
at Portland, Or. The Portland company
now comes forward with an offer to have
vessels now under charter stop at thia
port and then go to Manila direct and re
turn directly to San Francisco.
"We are going to put on two steamers,
the Monmouthshire and the Carmarthen
shire, In February," writes the manager
of the Portland steamship line. "We havo
five steamers on the line to Hongkong,
but three would do."
This afternoon at 2 o'clock the com
mittees elected by the several commercial
bodies of the city* to consider what can be
done to secure a direct Una to Manila will
meet at the rooms of the San Francisco
Board of Trade. The committees are as
follows: Horace Davis; William Babcock
and H. C. Somers of the Produce Ex
change; R. J. Chapman. W. E. Mlghell
and A- Chesebrough. Chamber of Com
merce; A. C. Rulofson. A. Sbarboro and
Edward Everett, Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association: Hugh Rothschild. C.
S. Benedict. Foster P. Cole, Andrew M.
r>avls and Frank J. Symmes. Merchants'
Association. They will discuss the situa
tion fully and may reach the point of
making some recommendation to the
bodies they represent.
Li. Huttenbaeh, a merchant of London,
England, and the Straits Settlements,
arrived In the city yesterday from Singa
pore en route to Europe. He is very anx
ious to meet the merchants of San Fran
cisco and Inform them of the splendid in
ducements that are offered for commercial
trading between the merchants of thi*
port and Singapore.
Mr. Huttenbach claims that he Is thd
pioneer merchant of California roods in
Singapore, as he bought a short while ago
a large consignment of machinery In San
Francisco and a large shipment of canned
goods, which he sold at a good profit In
the Straits Settlements.
"What we want badly," he said yester>
day. "is a direct line of steamers between
Singapore and San Francisco. At present
we have to get our goods via Hongkong
and by loading and reloading, of course,
we lose a lot of money. Singapore is tho
base of supply for the islands of Suma
tra and Borneo. We also supply Slam and
to a great extent the Philippines. . We are
the gateway of the Orient, and there ara
splendid facilities for an exchange of com
merce between Singapore and San Fran
cisco.
"I like Americans and their way of do-
Ing business, although the only big deal I
ever had wjth this Government was at tha
time of the Spanish war. At that time the
American troops arrived in the Philip
pines without any light clothing. I re
ceived the contract and furnished all the
khaki uniforms that were first" delivered
at Manila. I made them In Singapore and
the contract ran Into over H0O.00O.
"The population of Singapore is over
10O.COO. but there are very few whites there.
The Chinese In that Dart of the'x&rld are
very industrious and save their money.".
OFFERS TO AID
SAN FRANCISCO
Portland Steamship Company
Promises Direct Line
to Manila.
The singular spectacle is afforded, in
the year 1301, of the people of the city of
Portland. Or., coming forward to offer, to
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 13, 1901.
Th» time ball on the tower ofTSh new Perry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c, at noon of the 130th meridian, or at 9
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKLVS.
Lieutenant 'Commander, U. S. X.. In charge.
Time Ball.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 190J.
11
Steamer.
Dot nation.
I Sails. I Ptar.
February 14.
Argo Coqullle River
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma..
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts
Febrnary IS.
Eureka Humboldt
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Corona i.. Newport
Febrnary 1O.
Empire, Coos Bay I
Point Arena.. Point .Arena
North Forfc.. Humboldt ..........
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ....
Nome City... Humboldt
Febrnary IT. i
Alliance...... Portland & Coos B
Pomona Humboldt
Ban Pedro.... Humboldt
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
8antaRosa.:. San Diego
February 18.
Arcata Coos Bay
City of Para. Panama & Way Pts
Febrnary 10.
Roanoke Panama ............
Nippon Maru China & Japan....
Bonlta Newport
Fulton. Grays Harbor .....
• : Febrnary SO. '
Umatllla...... Puget Sound Ports
Palena Valparaiso & Way
Queen San Diego
4 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
i 9 pm Pier 7
9 am Pier 1J
1 11 am Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
|10 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
. 10 am Pier 2
i 9 am Pier —
2 pm Pier 9
10 am Pier 2
! 11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 11
13 m Pier 13
i 12 m PilSS
2 ptn Pier 31
1 pm PMSS
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier —
1 11 am Pier 9
Pier —
9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
North Fork.... Humboldt Feb. 14
Bristol Oyster Harbor Feb. 14
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 14
O. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 14
Palena Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Point Arena... Point Arena Feb. 14
Santa Rosa.... Ban Diego Feb. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Mattewan Taeorwa Feb. 14
Mandalay Coquille River Feb. 14
San Pedro Humboldt Feb. 14
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay Feb. 14
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 15
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Feb. 18
'Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 1«
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. 17
Bereenhus China via San Diego... Feb. 17
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 17
Queen .', San Diego Feb. 17
Rainier 7. Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb. IT
Eureka Humboldt Feb. lg
Czarina Seattle and Taeoma.... Feb. IS
Federlca Nanaimo Feb. IS
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb. 19
Colon ranama & Way Ports. Feb. 13
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Feb. 19
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Feb. 19
Willamette Seattle Feb. 19
Mackinaw Seattle „ Feb. 19
Argo Coqullle River Feb. 19
Marlposa Honolulu Feb. M
Corona Newport Feb. 20
Sun rises
Sun sets .......
Moon rises *.....
7:01
5:47
.!:!« al m.
a • Time
g Ft.
14 ... 0:54 3.0
15 ... 2:00 3.9
18... 2:52 2.7
17 ... .3:40 X.I
18 ..- , 4:2S 1.8
19 ... 6:15 1.4
H "W
20 ... 0:29 5.5
Time Time -
Ft. Ft.
H W L W
7:03 6.4 2:11 0.0
8:00 5.8 3:01 —0.2
8:65 6:8 ' 3:45 —0.4
9:47 5.9 -4:26—0.5
10:3d 6.0 6:061-4.3
11:29 5.9 5:4? 0.0
L. W H "W
6:03 1.1 12:20| 5.6
Time
Ft.
»:J0~T4
10:1* - 4.7
10:47 5.0
11:21 5.2
11:53 5.4
i",*w *****
«:23 0.3
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner Paru street and Santa Clara
avenue, Alameda. Interment private.
THEURER— In the City and bounty Hospital.
February' 13. 1901, Matthew Theurer, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 60 years.
WHATLBY— In Alameda, February 12, 1901,
Mary E., mother of J. E. and Cicely
Whatley. ... .
WEIMER— In the City and County Hospital,
February 13. 1901. Nicholas Welmer. a na-
tive of Texas, aged 45 years.
COURT Golden Era No. 36, F. of A.— Officers
and members are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother Zellg Woolf,*
to-morrow (Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his
late residence. 1233 Buchanan street. By
order of H. C. ANGELI8. Chief Ranger.
M. LEVY, Flnanclal^Secretary.
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth,- thence, to St.
Joseph's Church for services ' at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Cavalry Cemetery.
LESSMANN— In this city* February 13. 1901.
Joseph, beloved husband of -the late Chris-
tina Lessmann, father of the late Joseph B.
Lessman, father-in-law of Mrs. Margaret
Lessmann. and grandfather of Franz, Chris-
J tie. Elizabeth and Francis Lessmann. a na-
tive of Bodenrelch. • Germany, aged 67 years
3 months and 6 days. A member of St.
Peter's St. Paulus Society;- San Francisco
Branch No. 197. C. K. of A., and San Fran-
cisco Vereln Elntracht.
IpTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
February 16. 1901, at 8 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1242 Hush street, near Larkln,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden
Gate avenue, between Jones and Leaven-
worth streets, where a solemn requiem high'
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
scul, commencing- at 8:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MAHTLAND— In this city, February 13. 1901.
William Kay, beloved husband of Rebecca
H. Martland, and father of Benjamin Kay
and Robert W. Martland and Mrs. H. B.
Mulford, a native of Massachusetts, aged £6
years 5 months and 29 days.
EXNotlce of funeral hereafter. Please
omit flowers.
MEESIC— In Santa Cruz, February 9. 1901,
Captain I. G. Messlc, a native of Georgia,
aged 78 years.
JCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. P. B. Tulley, Sixth street. Gllroy,
under the auspices of Keith Lodge No. 1S7,
F. and A. M.
MILLARK— In this city, February 12, . 1901,
Frank A., beloved son of Julius and Matilda
Mlllark, a native of Prussia, aged 19 years
and 9 months.
ICTRemaina at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason street,
between O'Farrell and Geary. Funeral and
Interment at Oakdale, Stanislaus County,
Cal.. Friday afternoon.
McCRATH— In this city, February 11. 1901.
Ellen McGrath, a native of Ireland, aged
75 years.
prRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
OSBORN— In this city, February 12. 1901,
Bessie C. beloved wife of Lincoln K.
Oeborn (nee Day), a native of London,
England, aged £5 years . 4 months and 2S
days.
KTTrlerids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townaend
streets.
O'CONNELL— In this city. February IS. 1901.
John O'Connell, a natlva of County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 37 years,
PRESTON-In this city. February 12, 1901,
Ernest J.. beloved husband of* Camllle Ral-
ston Preston, and son of the lata Otis J.
and Hester J. Preston. <
[C" Interment private.
SIMSON— At his home, near Mills College,
February 12. 1901, Robert Slmson, . a native
of Dumfries, Scotland, aged 81 years ami
B months.
ETTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, at the Church of
the Advent (Episcopal), Twelfth avenue and
East Sixteenth street. East Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
TOLFORD— In this city, February IS. 1901.
PerFha B., beloved husband of Olive Tol-
" ford, and father of Edna E. Tolford. a na-
tive of New Brunswick, aged 68 years. (New
Brunswick papers please copy.) i
ICTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), ¦ at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1414 Hyde, street, between Wash-
ington and Jackson. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
TELLER — In Alameda, February 12, 1901, John
de Peyster Teller, husband of Sarah J. Tel-
ler, and father of Philip S.. Walter, Fred-
erick de P.. John de P. Jr. and Charles W.
Teller and Mrs. Erastus Holden, a natfve of
Orange County, New York, aged 82 years
Michael Carr, late of the United States
steamship Olympia, beloved son of Mary
Carr, and brother of John. Patrick, Peter
ana the late Cornelius Carr and Mrs. Mary
Kelly^ Mrs. Annie Drlscoll and MrS. Cather-
ine Fuller, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years and 4 months.
- Cp^Friends and acquaintances are respeet-
*"''>' Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
( ? r l < ?* y)< at 8:30. o'clock, from the residence
SL^ 8 mo } h er. 259H Tehama street, between
Third and Fourth, thence* to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
Cemete? - at 9 °' cIock ' Interment Holy Cross
C 5 RF r" T v t , hU ? lty> February 13, 1901, William,
dearly beloved son of Eugene and Josephine
S^- and brother of Charles Cerf, a native
£2 n _ Fran clsco, aged 12 years and S months.
[GTRemalns at the parfors of the Gantner
& Ounta Undertaking Co., 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth.
Potter In thls cit V- February 12. 1901.
TrM t 9 on ?* lly ' a native of County Wex-
ford, Ireland, aged 68 years
this city. February 13. 1301.
£,; I 1 ani . beloved son of Maria and the late
Annif v??f.* ro^' and brother of Katie.
¥?nif' N^ 1Ile - Flnle. Richard. Edward and
Thomas Cosjrove. a native of San Fran-
tPrnt***, 20 year " 2 m «>nths and 6 days.
<F>£wf fu t ne J al , wll L place to-morrow
(Friday) at n o'clock, from his late resi-
.^ "18 Filbert street. Interment private.
\v P hy~* n » thla cltr ' Febru ary 12, 1901,
aged M^XE! ' * na " Ve Ol Rhode l8tand -
f,n£ F I i< i? <J .? . and «q_!ntance« are respect-
?Fr&, J lte< J \° n a t tend ">* funeral tomorrow
w/i. f »X ? V a A 10 y, clock - tTOm th « Parlors of
Mo „„? r& Co " 9 46 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. -
DnUMMOip-On February 12, 1901. LucreUa
mV. m /? n S nd ,' se c°nd daughter of
v,\Z^ ¦ t C - Skcl , ton . and sister of Grace A.
Funcke. Lauron B. Skelton and the late Mrs.
o«£; v Ma . I( s OIln . a native of Snelllng. Merced
S? y Vx? al " aKed M y eara 8 months and 22
day8 ;_ (MerceiJ Papers please copy.)
? TT Frle " ds and acquaintances are respect-
JS-i*f iln s Vlted 1° atten d the funeral to-morrow
(I-rlday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of James McMenomey & Son • 1057 Mis-
sion street, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery
for cremation. •
DRESCH-In this city. February" 13, 190L John
Dresch. a native of Austria, aged 27 yearsr
iV member of Court Beal Rock No. 45. F.
CyFrlends and acqualnUnces and members
of the above court are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Friday),
£H I V, 1 *?,** from th « Parlors of Theo.
tiiTi z 8 ' 95T MlesIon street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
DALET-In this city. February 13. 1901. Mar-
garet Mary, beloved daughter of .Timothy
and Catherine Daley, and sister of Jam«s
Edward Daley, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 8 months and 18 days.
? R ,? ANT F~ I , n - *? lB clty ' February 13. 1901.
Arthur, dearly beloved and only child of
Salvator and Irene Ferrante. ahd grandson
of Mrs. Maria Denegrl, a native of San
.Francisco, aged 9 months and 21 days
ICTFrtends and acquaintances ara respect-
f""y_ 'nylted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday),, at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 731 Vallejo street. Interment
HcJy Cress Cemeten'.
GRAHAM-In this city. February 13, 190L
Jamea Graham of Guerne%-ille, a native of
a * aB<Hl *" years 6 months and 1 day.
-<~,R<wnalna at the funeral -parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason street,
between CFarrell and Geary. Funeral and
Interment at Guernevllle. Sonoma County,
GRADT— In this city. February 12. 1901. Nellie
G S£Ev a natlve o* Boston, aged 33 years,
J?^ 6 funwa l W M take place this day
/Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, froin the par-
lors of J. C. CVConnor & Co.. 767 Mission
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 train from Third and Townaend streets.
GIANNETTI— In this city. February 12, 1901,
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Lizzie
Glannettl, and father of Myra. Josle. Ernest,
Eleanor and Catherine Glannettl, a native
of Blentlna. Italy, aged 47 years 6 months
and 25 days.
C7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from
the funeral parlors of Valente. Marlnl &
Co., 1524 Stockton street: near Union, thence
to National Cemetery. Presidio.
HAimiGAN— In this city, February 13, 1901,
. at tha residence of his mother. 159 Tehama
street, John James, dearly beloved son of
Mary and the late Dennis C. Harrlgan, and
brother of Georgie Harrigan. a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 months and 23 days.
ETTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 159 Tehama street, oft Third.
Interment National Cemetery.
KING6LET— In this city, February 12. 1901
Peter J., beloved husband of Elliabeth
Klngsley, and father of Mrs. D. Hennessey,
Mrs. F. L. Young,- Thomas H., William,
Joseph and the late Barney Klngsley. a na-
tive of New Jersey, aged 63 years 7 months
and 7 days. (Sacramento papers please copy.)
B7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
REAL, ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
CHOICE lo:s for building and very cheap and
all well located; north or eunny side Union
.et.. on the hill, near Scott: 25x110: only $1600;
all street work done; 6toae pavement; basalt
block; nr.» marine view. West side Eleventh
ave., north of Clement, 2 fine lots, only $1;.23
for both; e'.evated ground; marine view; $40
f.rst ravn^nt. West side Tenth ave.. close
to CVmrnt. 1 lot well located; $S00; $20 first
jwymer.t. Two lots north or sunny *lde of A
Ft., r.^ar Feventh ave: J20 first payment.
Two Iota ElKb.tPe.nth ave., near A st. : $500
for both. W. J. GUNK, r.30 California 6t..
Vwtweon Montgomery and Kearny.
>-EW ur v-to-date houses. 7 and » rooms; well
built: Bae view; go and see them and you
will b'jy- See ow.fr on premises. Clayton «.,
Moth nf Frederick, or JEROME ENGLISH.
11 Montgomery rt.
yon the best located lots In Richmond and the
.-; »fl:.e*t caJl rn W. J. CUNN. 630 California.
nF.AL ESTATK — COUVTRY — For Sale
A ' PICK-UP" •—Peculiar circumstances causes
cwner to eacrtnee: Just think of It. only J5D
per acre for 100 acres adjoining city limits;
now In big demand and easily salable In
err-all tracts at $200 and over per acre; er-
as It Is flrst-class. highly cultivated, level
. -loam. a!l In crop— It's making of very cheap.
profitable and lovely home ranch: take my
advice, don't hesitate, but make $10,000 by
rurchaslns; this; eaey terms If desired.
Remember, I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for sale and ex-
change than all other agents In S. F.; 3000
ranches on my list: state what's wanted' and
cet reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. P. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
FARM for sale at public auction March 2. 1901—
Half mile Sonoma : "7 acre* In orchard and
vineyard: furnished house 11 rooms. 2-story:
barn 4Qx£0; hordes, wagons, poultry, farming
Implements; ea> on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELINI, Sonoma.
A BARGAIN
J hou«e« and lot* at Crockett. Contra. Coeta
County; rented for tZZ per month; price $3500.
DAVID BUFII & SOX. 10 Montgomery St.
•WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy rt Sonoma Co. real estate bargain*
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
VERY special bargains: foreclosure properties;
genuine enaps: enough said, as I do not Be-
lieve in extended ads. J. A. REMMEU Bay
t-T.t!on. Alameda. .
jroo— TO clct* an estate; fin» building corner
let <C_ffl; bet rallroadf: t tt°c ks H i*^
Echocl; rtreet work complete: b»rg»la. aee
cwner. A. Q. BURNS. 1501 Park tt.. Alasieqa.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELRV REAL ESTATE.
FOR bargains In Berkeley cr Oakland proper-
ty see R. J. MONTGOMERY, room J fourth
floor. Mills bulVfline. Esn Francisco, or «I7
Klnth ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
JT00 CABH SS 50 monthly; Gallndo Tract: fine
comer lot. Il-xl^.W for SS75; etreet macadam-
lied- large shade trees and shrubbery; excel-
lent sell- grzni view; euperb climate; no fogs
nor raw winds; tt!§ a rare property and at
one-half Its value; no finer Property for a dt-
elrable home: adjoining East Oakland, dos«
to ft^ara local; only one block from electric
car llr.es; ccznt and let us ehow you this
heme site 1 r.ice home surrounding; call or
tend fcr circular. 455 Seventh et., opposite
Broadway station. -/)akland. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
A SACRIFICE; J block Trom main etreet and
' leading hotel cf Oakland; lot 75x100; corner
Ninth and Cay ets.; biggest bargain In Oak-
lard: J12.0PO; wcrth at least $16,000; must sell
at ence. D. F. McDONALD &. CO.. 4TS
Tenth rt.. Oakland.
ROOMS AMI BOARD.
LARGE. alcove room: two slnj'.e rooms; excel-
• lent boara. I1S9 Jefferson ft.
OAK LA Ml nn.MTlKE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to ycu from H. Scnellhaas, the
furniture i*e»>r. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR mUM'KCKI'I.VG.
A— TWO eunr.y rooms, furnlefted complete fcr
housekeeping; rent $2 £5 per week; also single
r^niF. *1 rer week. Apply 6hoestore, 562 Mis-
sion st.. between First and Eecond sts.
33VPII, 1203 — Two or more rooms for housekeep-
ing; liath and gas.
CLARA, £3-- cr 4 rooms, furnished for house-
kerpirig.
ELLIS. 4H — S nicely furnished rooma for house-
keeping.
ELLIS, €21— Front suite, I rooms, newly fur-
nished for heavy housekeeping; gas; $2 &0.
FIT.TOX, 116 — F*urnlshed housekeeping rooms
and others from $4 up; eunny.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 635— Large sunny back
rarlor, nicely furnished, vrith kitchen.
GI'ERRERO. 11D4. near Twenty-fourth-Sur.r.y
suite of room" end kitchen: connecting: in.
HOV.'ARJO, ir7.\ — Housekeeping rooms. j;
and $2 fA
ilONTGOMERY eve.. 1&-Larre runny ur.fur-
ntehed suite? and eingle housekeeping rooms;
running water; <juiet. respectable house.
©TAVIA, 140S, cor. Geary — Furnished bay-
Wia&tmi tun all daj ; large sunny room ar.<2
kitchen.
O'FARRELL. 742— 2 or S furnished rooms; coa-
r'^te for housekeeping, rear parlor floors.
POFT. 1C25 — BlIUUJT faniithed rooms; rultes and
single; al^o hcustkeevlng; private family.
fIXTH, 136— Sur.ry rooms for light houstkeep-
!r.r: also room for gentleman.
F.TOCKTON. 6-3— Nicely furnisbed. sunny
rooms, ringle or en suite; also housekeeping
room* with a!l conveniences.
TTJHAMA. 44 — 2 front houi«eke«T)i3g rooms.
TO irt — 4 furnished or unfurnished housekeep-
ing rn^-mr. BE. car. Point Lobos and Sth aveg.
TWENTY -THIRTsSTtS. nr. Dolores-3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
A BP.AN'CII office for Call advertisements and
rubflcrtptlons haa been established at 1CS5
Valencia st.
ROOMS /TO LET— Fora, and Lnfnrn.
ARGTLE <The)— ReaJy for occupancy; Just
what you have been waiting for; moit ele-
gantly furnished roonung-house In the city;
parties with references Invited to Inspect; ail
the latest Improvements. McAllister et.. cor-
ner Larkln; rooms shown In "the evening.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Blxth— Rooms 25c
to fl per night; II 25 to J5 p«»r week, and light
housekeeping; open all right.
AKLBORN HOTEL. 221 Grant are.— Best dollar
s. dnv family hotel In city: polite attendance:
large rooms; modern conveniences; rooms 50c
up; flrst-class meals 2Se; free coach.
r.RYANT, V"— $5 monthly; front furnished
room In peasant American family.
BCH3CCTT. 1415 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.l«he<l my., rultee, rlngle; also unfurnished.
BUFH, fM «The E!k)-Changed hands; nicely
furn. sunny nns.. eingle, rn fuite, newly r«no-
vmteC; all conven. Mm. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
ELLIS. 70S— Nicely furni.«he<l back parlor; sult-
able for 2 gentlemen ; Lath and gaa.
FTXTON. 430-2 B^.all furnished rooms; suit-
able for t;.;ntk-men; rent }?.
'urrlshed double room;
Ijath; cultable for 2 gentlemen.
G S^ R V,ife^ e a y a ">-El^antly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND ROrTHFJlN. southeast corner Seventh
and Mission et»— Sunny room*. e a «=ulte or
elngle: ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator!
HAIGHT 104^-To let. eunny front room"
furn'.Bhed. »»"•«.
HOWARD. T2S— Newly furnished rooms to let-
prl\-ate; quiet: >4. S6 ana no a month.
LARKIN. «04-«anny eingle room, u* small
housekeeping room, furn. or unfurn.. J5.
S.TW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nlcelr
furnished rooms, 12 a week up; J5c a day up.
NEWLY furnished front rooms. Apply ujj
Facramento et., cor. Larkln.
OTARItELL. 80— Sunny furnished rooms ar.d
offices; gievator: elec. lights: day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 770— Nicely furnished room; gas
running water; gentlemen preferred: rent $io!
ROYAL Hnure. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light-
r»»dlng-room. emokinr-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. *5o to II CO; week. « to
58: month, $8 to $30: el*>\'ator on ground floor;
rooms with hot nnd cold water; baths.
KOPF.DALE Htmse. 219-Stt Ellis St.— Rooms
night. 2jc to |1: week, Jl 25 to $4; open night.
g HERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
FMALL furnished room to let; fS; Protestant;
Christian preferred. **1 Post st.
PUTTER. 717— A rhoic- sun'oy 'room: running
mater, hath: appreciated if wen; $11.
TT'RK. 82— Newly furnished runny front rooms.
96 to $12: also nice suite, $15.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California St.. may
b« found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and slchtly rooma at modest iate».
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. U0J»4 Broadway, cor, 12th St., Oak-
land, top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
LEAVENWOUTH. 1005— Large eunny parlor:
also other rooms; all conveniences; excellent
board.
ROOMS with board, bath. eas. 118, $20; private
family; gentlemen only. UOtt McAllister.
ROOMS and board; price* reasonable. 4U
Pint rt. .
SEWING MACHINES AND S u __^gg:
ALL kinds bought, eold and repairing- guaran-
teed. Charlea Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr.ljth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Clack li:«- *0» 4t "-
BOUGHT. Bold, rented, repaired: needle* and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 6.
SPECLMiSOTlCES.
LADIES— Chiehester English P* 0 ""!^ 1 -,? 1 "?
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other
nend ic etamps for Particulars; Relief for
Ladi«" in letter by return majl 1 •****£
gists. Chlchefttr Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAU tenants ejected *™*l^ X^3nOVCo''
city or .ountry. PACIFIC COLL ECT ION CO..
415 Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-10: tel. *A0.
PIFRCE-noDOLPII Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell st>. : tel. Main 6711.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1**0: chipping at cut rates.
k« TYPEWRITERS >'A»P I SUPPLIES,^
GREAT' B ARGAInTTn^T TPEWRITERS-We
•ell better machines for less money" thanany
"ou4ln the city: rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Exchange, f.36 California; telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — Dividend No. 85 (twenty-
five c*nts per ehare) of the Hutchinson
6upar Plantation Co. will bo payable at the
office of the company. 317 Market 6t, en and
after Wednesday. February 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books will close on Thursday, February
14 1301. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. • 18 (twenty-
five cents p«r ehare) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Co.. will be payable at the offlca
cf the company. 327 Market St.. on and after
Friday February 16, 1901. Transfer books
closed" Friday. February S. 1901. at 3 o'clock
p m. K- H. SHELDON. Secretary.
"~~ PROPOSALS.
OFFICT3 cf C. Q- M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash February 12. 1901.— Sealed propoeals, in
triplicate will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m.. March 12. 1901, and then opened,
for furnishing fuel at the. several military
posts in this department, and at Camp at
Skaguay. Alaska, and at Fort Llscum (Port
Valdez) Alaska, for fiscal year commencing
July 1st. 190L Ir. formation furnished here or
by Quartermasters at rotts. U. S. reserves
right to reject cr accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Envelopes containing
propoe"als should be marked: "Proposals for
fuel at " and addressed to undersigned.
' J. VT. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Tht following E*rrt«e licence* wera Issued
yesterday:
L* Roy Bern, it Sacramento, and Georgia*
F. Pestner. B. 1116 Bash street.
¦William H. Taylor Jr.. SL 2701 California
street, and Edna Hopkins. 21. California and
Lazuna Etreets.
Albert A. PcMrr.'.er. S3, IS37 Howard street,
and Emma B. EchlrJtel. W. 1SS7 Howard street.
Ernst Hollenstiner. 80. PS2 Geary street, and
Frieda Gernr.s. 21, 160S California street.
Emaauel T. YretenScrfr. 39. 230 Rltch street,
and Daga_ E&xtorph. B. ?5 South Park.
William Furlcr.s. »3, S10 Tennessee street,
and Mary Manning. 2?, 2C10 Washington street.
Charles Catolr. Jl. S7 Shotwell street, and
Marrurlte V. McCarthy. 20, S933 Twenty-sixth.
street.
John F. Fitztrerald. t', <-? Clementina, street,
and May A. Fferr.ir.g, 'X SC3 Mason street.
Frank T. Chrirter.. 1?. 14 Cavier street, and
Roele Kreuzer. IS. Mill Valley.
Charles de V. Mu»ans, 21. and Dora B.
Wood, 21. both of this city.
Ralph G. Morrison, SS, Bakersfleia, end Ida,
M. D. 6e Emith. 25, San Francisco.
Henry A. Bartram, 85. and Caroline Jorgen-
een. 33, both cf this city.
Walter 'W.. Bcott, :*. HolUster, »nfl Estella
E. Packard. 10, YaT.ejo.
Mlruel Uasaza, ZZ, 216 Tehama street, and
Henrietta Gr»»a. 3, :«) Minna street.
John A. Hopktaia, £5. 127 Turk street, and
Alberta McGowan. 24. 127 Turk etreet.
Alonzo L. Chacman, :s. and Annie B.
Sch«»rer. it, both of Reddlnp.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. '
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b« banded
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to nave the same published.
BORN.
ARGOTO-In this city, February 11. 1W1. to
the wife of Joseph Argoud, a. daughter.
BLENXERHASSETT-In this city February
1. 1&01. to the wife of R. J. Blennerhaasett,
a eon.
r>r>RY-In this city, December 13, 1900. to the
wife of Frank D>>ry. a daughter.
______
ANDRB-ECKMAK— In this city. Jannary IT,
1S01. by the Rev. Axel Brandt. Anthony A.
An«lre and Eusan Eckman, both of Ban
Francisco.
EEAX- PESTNER— In this city, February 13.
INI, by the Rev. J. E. Bcott, Lee Roy Bean
of Sacramento and Georglne F. Pestner of
San Francisco.
FLAHERTY — DOUGHERTY — In this city.
February 12. ISO, Thomas- F. Flaherty and
Annlf M. n>nugh«Tty, both of San Francisco.
GRAHAM-DIRVIX-In this city February 9,
1S01. by the Rev Dr. E. Xelander. Archibald
Graham of Alcatrar. Island aad Caroline C
I»rvln of Ran Francisco.
TAYLOR— HAILET— In this city. February 11.
Ut-1. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Joseph A.
Taylor and Flora F. Bailey, both of San
Francisco.
* DIED.
Ackerman. David Klngsley. Peter J.
Bensen. Benjamin C. Lessmann, Joseph
Bacigalupl, Carlo Martland. William K.
Brady. Richard Messlc. Captain I. G. ,
Cerf. William Mlllark, Frank A.
Carr. Michael McGrath. Kllen
Connelly. Patrick Osborn. Bessie C.
CofgTove. William O'Connell. John
Crandall, W. O. Preston, Ernest J.
I>rummond. Lucretla Slmion. Robert
Dresch. John Teller, John de«P.
Daley. Margaret M. Tolford. Persha B.
Ff-rrante. Arthur Theurer. Matthew
Graham. James Whatley, Mary B.
Grady, Nellie Woolf. Zellg
Glannettl. Joseph Welmer. Nicholas
Harrigan. John J.
ACKERMAN-In the City and County Hos-
pital. February 12. 190L David Ackerman. a
native of German, aeed C4 years.
BENSEN— In Stockton. February 11, 1901.
Benjamin C. Bensen. a native of Norway,
agc-d 60 years 4 months and 27 days.
tt-X Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'nvited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at & o'clock, from Holy Cro*s
Church, Eddy street, between Scott and De-
vlnadero, for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BACIGALTJPI— In this city. February 13, 1901.
Carlo Baclgalupl, a native of Loralca, Italy,
aged 74 years 2 months and 5 days.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BRADY— In this city, February 12. 190L
Richard, husband of the late Elizabeth A.
Brady, and father of Richard, Samuel. John.
¦ Edward and Matthew Brady and the late
Matilda McKenna. a native of Ireland.
aged 72 years 4 months and 12 days.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Paclflo Undertakers. 777. Mlrston street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing . at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARR— In Manila, P. I., September -ST. l«3S.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
tEuccessor to Flannacan A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P". DONOVAN. Mr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8.
£0 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .
Jamea McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES M'GINN & CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALMERS
214 Eddy St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
Telephone South 676.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
The charge for cremation to church members
and members of organizations having presiding
ofljctrs and secretaries and their families • Is
$30. All others $35. Expensive coffins and | or-
naments are seldom used. -A niche In the Co-
lumbarlan is a monument and saves the cost
of a lot aad its care ar.d stone work. Bend for
circular. - ... '
GEORGE R. FLETCH— t. Manager.
I Silk Remnants j
At Half Price
We are having the most successful silk remnant sale in our
history. Sales are greater each succeeding day. The best
evidence that no such- values have ever been offered. Patrons
viiiting this department today will find some choice
Silk Remnants
1 in waist and skirt lengths, in Foulards, Taffetas, Fancy Silks I
| Black Silks, Grenadines, Crepe de Chene, Brocades, Black" and I
I White Silks and Evening Silks. * , gj
¦ We do not print price list, the variety is too large, but there |
B is a positive saving of y 2 all around. |
I Children's Polka Dot Hose I
8 A European mill's surplus was offered to us, we, took advan-, B
II tage of it and are going to give the benefit to 'our customers. bj
1 Children's Imported 1
I Ribbed Polka Dot Hose I
1 in Navy Blue, Cadet Blue and tan with extracted white dots : 1
| Sizes 5, 5J£, 6 and 6}4 at 20c a pair 1
B Sizes 7, 7}£, and 8 at 22c a pair H
I Sizes 8, 9 and 9^ at 25c a pair |
1 These are the Regular 50c Quality |
I Silk Gloves and Mitts ' 1
1 for the Mardi Gras ; Ball at i
I Hopkin's Art Institute Feb. 19. |
We have reduced below cost, all lengths and sizes in the best ¦
quality of. silk gloves and mitts. We can match any shade. H
iLace Curtains # j
On our 2nd floor we are showing a large collection of 1
Nottingham, Irish Point, Renaissance, Arabian ancl Swiss!
curtains in* an exceptional variety of artistic designs at I
moderate cost. g
To-day's Special . Offer 1
Ruffled Swiss Curtains 1
in dotted, striped and figured materials, 3 yards long,' full Eg
width and superior finish with hem on top for rod, price ra
I Write for our illustrated catalogue
I 129 ICearny Street 1
'_ ;__¦ : :; 'MlHJl_J^Seven-Twelfths of St. Ann's Building
Purchased by the Hopkins
Real Estate Company.
A real estate transaction Involving $300,-
000 was consummated yesterday when a
seven-twelfths interest of St. Anne's
building on the corner of Powell and Eddy
streets was purchased by the Hopkins
Real Estate Association. The eale grew
out of an action for partition now pend
ing. ' lEdward Hopkins disposed of his
share of the property In its entirety.
The lot extends 65 feet alons Powell
street and 150 feet on Eddy street, and is
covered by a four-story basement "build-
Ing, which brings in an income of over
$3000 per month. Attorney Walter H. Lin
forth and the Von Rhein Real Estate
Company represented the purchaser,
while the seller's interests were cared for
by Attorneys Wilson & Wilson.
The.Hibernia Bank has advanced $300,
000 on the property.
CliEVER IilTTIiE ABTISTS
WILL 1 MAKE THEIR DEBUT
Graceful Juvenile Dancers to Give an
Entertainment on Saturday
Evening.
The pupils of Professor and Mrs. "W. J.
O'Brien's Dancing Academy will partld-
pate in an entertainment to be given by
the school In Odd Fellows' Hall on Satur
day evening next. An excellent pro
gramme has been a'rranged, and the little
ones have practiced assiduously for the
event. Dances of every character and de
scription are on the long programme, and
judging'by the grace displayed by the
juveniles the entertainment should prove
a great success. At the conclusion of the
programme the floor will be cleared for
dancing. The following numbers will bo
presented:
Caprice, Hazel Dugan; Polish dance, Phoeba
Raich: tambourine, Vera Kdniwndson: sailor's
hornpipe. Gladys Cordy; waltz clog, Ethel
Schwaner and Robbie Stack; Uncle Sam. Mas
ter Roy Rogers; Castanet dance, Hazel Allen
and AmyTreacy; buck and wing, Reyna Be
lasco; comic song and dance, Margaret Marx:
Irish Jig. Gladys Hendy; coon wench dance, Ed
Lltz; Mexican butterfly, Vera Alborell; fisher's
hornpipe, Clara Fisher; physical culture, en
semble; fancy toe dancing, Rena Whelan; In
dian war dance, ensemble; cloir, Veva Ander
son; fairy dance, Ethel Schwaner; le%nies,
Gladys Hendy; buck and wing-. Ramon Lands
berger; "The Mick That Threw the Brick."
Reyna Belasco; Nancy caprice, Vivian Peter
son; Bailor's hornpipe. Veva Anderson; duet,
Vera Alhorell and Margaret Marx; Spanish fan,
Vera LJtz; song and buck and wing-, Phyllis
Nlcholsen; fascination, ensemble: fisher's reel.
Little Ruth Magulre; minuet de la cour, Vera
Alborell, Ramon Landsberger, Vera Litz, Rena
Whelan, Amy Treacy, Clare Fisher, Gladys
Hen Jy and Hazel Allen.
An attempt to rob a saloon at the corner
of Laguna and Grove streets about 11:30
last night was frustrated by the bravery
of the proprietor, who, when commanded
to "throw up his hands," rose from his
chair and grappled with the intruder,
notwithstanding that the demand was
backed up by a revolver, j After a short
struggle the proprietor wrested the pistol
from the hands, of the would-be robber,
and then shot him In the leg.
The plucky saloon-keeper Is Adam Ver
cevich, of the firm of Church & Verce
vich. His story of the affair is as follows:
"I was sitting In a chair behind the bar
waiting for the time to close, when sud
denly a man. entered, pulled a handker
chief that was around his neck up so as
tp cover part of his face, and presenting
a revolver ordered me to throw up my
hands. Instead of doing so I Jumped up
and grappled with him, and after a strug
gle, .during which the pistol went off, I
succeeded in getting the weapon. The
fellow, upon seeing that I was master of
the situation, started for. the door, and I
then fired at him, wounding- him. In the
leg."
After being shot the robber ran out the
rear of the saloon. Jumped over several
fences and entered an outhouse In the
rear of a building on Grove street, where
he was caught by Policemen John Owens
and B. F. Sawyer. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where his ? wound,
which was a slight one, was dressed.
The burglar gave his name as George
Green, and said he had just' arrived from
Helena, Mont., an hour or so before 'the
attempted robbery. He said he walked
up Market street from the ferry as far
as Larkln. then to Grove and out Grove
to Laguna. He saw • Vercevich sitting
alone In his saloon, and being hungry and
broke thought he would take a chance to
get a few dollars.
Georg-s Green of Montana Has •Tin -
lucky Experience With, Adam
Vercevich, Grove Street
i; ; Saloon-Keeper.
AMATEUR ROBBER
IS SHOT IN LEG
Man He Tries to Hold Up
Boldly Wrests Revolver
From Him.
I can't tell why I love you, but I do!
My % ©yes can only indicate "goo goo."
My tongue's become ' so thick
With the stamps I've had to lick,
It can't tell why I love you, but I do.
Demuth on the Rampage.
"A. A. Demuth; an artist at 1236 Market
street, .was surrendered by his bondsmen
yesterday and Iccked up in the City Pris
on, j About three months ago he was ar
rested for threatening to kill his wife.
He held her on the floor for several min
utes and drew a razor across her throat
repeatedly without cutting her. till the
woman was driven almost crazy. He was
bound over to keep the peace, but Tues
day night he got drunk and went to his
wife's house on O'Farrell street near the
§ollce station and threatened to kill. her.
ergeant Moffltt arrested him.
Presbyterian Asylum at San Anselma
T.AT>TTiS OF OBPHAINAGE
MEET
Is in a Very Prosperous
> Condition.-.
The ladies of the'Presbyterian Orphan
age Association held their annual business
meeting yesterday afternoon at St. John's
Church, President Mrs. P. D. Brown pre
siding. Reports were read by the several
secretaries and the treasurer, which
showed that a most prosperous condition
of affairs prevailed , at the orphanage at
San Anselmo. . Short addresses were
made by Dr. James McDonald, Dr. F.' 3.
Brush,. Rev. George G. Eldredge. Rev. H.
N. Bevier and Rev. W. K. Guthrie,
By unanimous vote a resolution was
adopted expressive of the association's
high appreciation • of the labors of Miss
Edgenton, the superintendent, and a leave
of absence of six months was granted her
to allow her- opportunity to recover from
sickness . brought on by her \ arduous
duties. A resolution was also \ adopted
that, the recently completed schoolhouse
at the home be called "The Robert Dol
lar School." A collection, taken. up with
a view to paying off the debt on the
school, netted $307 45.
The election of officers for the ensuing
year resulted as follows^:
President. Mrs. P. D. Brown: vice president.
Mrs. N. D. Rideouf, recording: secretary, Mrs.
J. A. Weston; corresponding secretary. Mrs.
E. G. Friable: State secretary. Mrs. H. L,
Klner: State secretary of Sunday schools. Mrs.
E.R." Stevens: treasurer. Mrs. L. M. Loire:
treasurer building fund,. Mrs. "N. D. Rldeout;
auditor, Mrs. F. M. Greenwood, and for super
intendent. Miss Cora EdRenton.
two before we opened the bids I received
a telephone message asking me 'to delay
opening them for a day or two longer, as
another bid would come in. I waited, and
during thojnterim Bacigalupi bought the
property from the Italian Consul for $800,
not $1600, as hjs attorney states. He prom
ised, however, to pay $800 more if he got
the title without any trouble. I now sus
pect that the telephone message came
from some representative of Bacigalupi
in order to get more time to close their
.bargain. I made return of the sale on
January 31. and next Tuesday was set
for, hearing the petition for a confirmation
of the sale. The day following I discov
ered that the papers had not been verified
by Mr. Drinkhouse, and I asked permis
sion to amend. It was granted."
"Why did you have the date of hearing
changed to the 11th?" was asked.
"I wished to have the sale to Bohls con
firmed betore Bacigalupi could get his
deed on record and thus save the \ heirs
$1200. AlMhat he paid was $800 and the
balance was contingent. I was . acting
solely to get as much as I could for the
heirs. There is no truth in the statement
that I withheld the amended papers.' I
filed them the day I received them. The
reason why the Inventory was not filed
earlier was that we have always made it
a practice to wait until property is about
to be sold, so that we might know what
It is approximately worth. I Intend ap
pearing before Judge Troutt to-morrow
and ask him to appoint three, experts to
go to Kern and • ascertain what the land
is worth. I will also ask to have. the sale
readvertlsed in all, the daily papers In or
der that the heirs may receive what is
their right. It is true that Bacigalupi has
: flled his deed to the land, but he has not
got the property yet. I want the ( matter
thoroughly Investigated and will do every
thing -possible, to '-see. that Justice is done
Cuoco's relatives." ¦
Deputy County Clerk Northrop, who has
charge of the filings in probate matters,
remembers that several complaints were
made ' to him. about papers being missing
from : the Cuoco record, » but he does not
know where they were or who had them.
They are now 1 in the office.
court. We knew of the sale to Bohls and
expected - to have the matter settled up
before the confirmation of that Bohls sale'
¦was made., On" January 31 Bacigalupi pe
titioned the court to have the estate dis
tributed to him by virtue of his purchase
from the Italian Consul.* His petition was
set for hearing on Tuesday last, but Ruef
managedto get in the day .before us and
have the sale confirmed 'to Bohls. Had
the amended, papers been filed when' they
were issued to Ruef on the lat- inst/, we
would have been on hand to contest the
The first we knew of the
of date from the 19th' to .the' Uth
was after the sale to Bohls had been con
firmed. We" would like 1 very much to
know who had the papers or where they
• were during the ten days '. preceding the
sale. On the afternoon of
the 11th the matter was called to the at
tention of Judge Troutt and, he stayed all
proceedings. When- our petition came up
Tuesday Ruef consented to haying the or
der of sale set aside and the entire mat
ter went over until next Tuesday for
hearing."
) "What is the value of the 160 acres
bought by 'Bacigalupi, for $1600?" was
, asked. '
"I don't know," replied Lamberson. "It
may be worth $3, or it may ¦ be worth a
half million I dollars. Some -'land J in the
neighborhood has sold as- high as $300 an
acre."
Attorney Ruef indignantly denied ever
having promised the Italian Consul that
he would notsell the land.. "He spoke to
me about the matter," said -Ruef, "and I
told him that it would be best to have the
property distributed to. the heirs, as the
hlg-hest offer made for it up to that time
was. $60., This/offer was made In May of
last year. Neither myself nor.Mr. Drink
house had any.. intention of .selling the
property, as we considered i that It • would
not bring enough 1 , to. pay: the "expenses of
sale. Along in .August or | September an
other man came to me and offered $400 for
the property. , He said that he owned the
adjoining section ; and , wanted - to . run a
pipe line thrpugh it to get water. A
month later I had another visitor with a
pipe line story and an offer of $1000 for the
land. It was then that Mr. Drinkhouse
and myself decided to advertise the prop
erty, for gale. "We advertised by permis
sion of court and received seven bids. TJie
highest one was ; that of Bohls. ; A day, or
worth two hundred times that amount "ana
the relatives of Cuoco would. never, havo
been a bit the wiser. It would have been
a "neat turn" in defrauding the heirs of
the dead.
There are always two sides to a story
and the usual recriminations. -In the
Cuoco story both sides deal ' largely in
lnuendoes. They view the doings of each
other through prejudiced eyes,. and all
they can see Is sharp practice.
"The Italian Consul." said Attorney
Lamberson yesterday, "caled on Mr. Ruef.
after receiving the power of attorney from
the heirs cf Cuoco and requested him not
to have the land sold because there was
sufficient mon-y on hand to pay ull the
debts cf the estate. He promised the Con
sul to have the land distributed to the
heirs. This was prior to November 27,
1900, when he hied the inventory, which
should have been filed within three
months after the Issuance of letters of
administration to Mr. Drinkhouse. Not
withstanding h's promise, Ruef on the day
he filed the Inventory and- appraisement
petitioned for an order to sell the real
proDerty of the estate. The petition was
granted on December 28. as there was.no
opposition. The notice of the intended
eale was published in an obscure Kern
County paper. It called for bids for the'
land. Thece bids were to be opened after
January 25. 130L When they were opened
Henry Bohls. a friend of Drinkhouse, was
the highest bidder. His bid was for $2000
and on January 31 Ruef made return of
sale to the court. The time for, hearing
the motion for confirmation of, sale was
eet for next Tuesday, the 19th inst., before
Judge Troutt. The day following: Ruef
had the order ret aside by Judre Troutt,
stating that the papers filed the day be
fore were defective and he wished to file
en amended notice of sale. At his re
quest the date for hearing the matter of
confirmation of sale was then set for last
Monday. The papers changing the "date
for confirmation of the sale were not filed
In the County Clerk's office until arfter
Judge Troutt confirmed the sale to Bohls
on Monday last. We know this to be the
fact, for we have been watching the pro
ceedings in the estate very closely, since
January 25, when Bacigalupi bought the
property for H600 from the Italian Consul.
The Consul having power of attorney for
the heirs had the right to sell the estate
without giving notice beforehand to the
One of the most daring hold-ups report
ed to the police In some time occurred at
the corner of Washington and. Front
streets shortly after 7 o'clock last night.
Harry Harrington, who conveys the
United States mall from Station D. In the
Ferry building, to the General 'Posjtofflce.
was obliged to stop his horse at the point
of ft pistol and submit to having his mail
wagon searched by robbers. Two men
were engaged In the bold crime. one,
with a drawn revolver, seized the ho -rse r s
bridle, while the other opened the door of
the wagon and looked for the mall pouch.
The case containing the letters fortunate
'VcSXTStte story told by Barring
ton, who is about 21 years of age. to De
tectives Bailey and Tom Gibson, he ob
served the men standing at the corner
when he made his trip down to the ferry.
Their actions were suspicious and he men
tioned this fact to the watchman at Sta
tion D when he was receiving his pouch.
He drove up Washington street and naa
just reached Front, when the men ob
served by him before sprang from behind
a building and rushed toward him. Har
rington had not been driving very fast
and without difficulty one of the highway
men seized the horse's bridle and brought
the rig to a standstill. This robber held
a revolver in his hand, which he pointed
at the driver- and threatened him wltn
death should he make an outcry.
While the man who- stopped the horse
was talking to Harrington the former s
pal went around to the rear of the 'wagon
and opened the door. He looked for the
pouch, but .saw that the body of the ve
hicle was empty. With an oath the rob
ber gave the information to his compan
ion ahd the pair dashed down Washington
street before Harrington could » realize
what had happened.
Harrington describes one of the robbers
as being tall and the other one short. He
could not give the police a very accurate
description of ' them owing to the dark-
Another hold-up was reported to the po
lice early yesterday morning. George Far
rell, a musician ,- residing at 1616% Bush
street, claims that three men stopped him
on Gough street, between Post and Geary,
and enforced their demands for his money
and valuables with a pistol. While one
of the men held the weapon the other
rifled the musician's pockets. After they
had secured $6, the robbers ordered Far
rell to walk" along, and when the latter
had gone some > distance the trio disap
peared. .>•
Driver Harrington Halts His
Vehicle at Point of
a Revolver.
MAIL WAGON HELD
UP BY FOOTPADS
Another scandal has developed In the
Probate Department of tho Superior
Court, presic ed over by Judge James M.
Troutt. It promises to outrival the
BtOXJT of th<» attempted looting of the Sul
livan estate, for which crime Attorney
Jack Chretien is now Serving a. -sentence In
Sssi Quentfn Penitentiary axuA Kred Han-
Fted. better known In pugilstic circles as
"Professor Younp Dutchy." Is in the
County Jail. There Is no drmbt that in
the present csase a deliberate attempt has
been made to defraud the bdrs of Gio
vanni Cunco of. their Just rights. They
live in far away Italy and there was but
little chance of them ever learning of the
value of the estate. As tby» maiter now
stands, there are two elalmaKts, by rigrht
of purchase-, for the real property of the
decedent and both claimants allege that
they have ' # th-e ls.w on their si&e." The
property was sold for a mere trifle com
pared with what It Is said to be actually
worth. It is true that forgery was not
resorted, to. as In the Sullivan case, but
there has been trickery and sharp prac
tice,
Giovanni Cuoco was born In Italy.
"When he came to the United States he
adopted the name of John Cook, that be
ing- the English translation of his family
name. From that time on he was known
as John Cook and under that name he en
listed In the navy- After three yars' ser
vire under the flair of Uncie Sam he was
honorably discharged. He decided to
make California his home and on the ad
vice of friends he located in Kern County,
wher« he took up 103 acres of land In
what is now known as the MeKittrlck dis
trict. In due course of time he received
a patent to the land and soon afterward
he came to this city. He died here in Oc
tober. 1*99. He did not leave a will and
the estate passed into the hands of John
A. Drinkhoupe. -ulio was then Public Ad
ministrator. The Public Administrator
did not file an inventory of the estate un
til November 27, 15», while the law re
quires that it be filed within three months
after the issuance of the testamentary
paper?. The inventory showed the estate
to consist of $220 in cash and the land in
Kern County -was appraised at $1000. In
the meantime the Italian Consul learned
that Cuoco had three brothers and nine
r.cphews and nieces living in Italy. They
were the heirs to the estate and they for
warded to Consul Serra a i>ower of at
torney to act for them. Up to that point
everything was satisfactory and regular
on its face. Since then the Consul has
sold the estate to Theodore Bacigalupl for
SSfiO, -with a promise of $SO0 more when the
title to the land is perfected, while ex-
Public Administrator Drinkhouse has ac- i
crpted the $2>») bid of Henry Bohls, a per
sonal friend, for the Kern land. Neither
price for the property is anywhere near )
its value. Rich oil wells have been struck I
on adjacent property and land clcse to j
that owned by the estate has sold at from
52000 to $3000 an acre. Bacigalupi has al
ready filed his deed in Bakersfield and the
tale to Bohi?. alihough once confirmed, j
has been set aside. Judjje Troutt will bo
iisked to review all of the proceedings In
the hope that the heirs of Cuoco may not
be completely deprived of their rights.
Chatlcs G. LnmVKTSon. an attorney from
Vls^lia -who la representing- Bacijralupl,
admitted yesterday that tile lar.d pur
chased by his client for a more son? from
the Italian Consul mi?ht l>e worth $500,000.
Attorney Ru-f, who represents ex-Public
.Administrator Drinkho^sf . rajrs that he
had no icka that the land was so valuable
end he promised to do everything within
his power to see that the rights of the
iifceent heSrs are protected!
But for the iquabbie for possession of
the lar.d. sora*- one- would have acquired
for $2000 at th: mo«l property probably
Involves Property Valued
at Hall a Million
Dollars.
Judge Troutt Is Asked
to Set the Sale
Aside,
GIVE AWAY
RICH ESTATE
FOR TRIFLE
THE SAX FRA1STCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1901.
SAINT VALENTINE UP TO DATE.
BIG BEAL ESTATE
TRANSACTION" BECORDED
12
flSnJiSI
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
"Good rrocerlei" at prices lower «Tea '
than thoso quoted by dealers Mlllsc
•Inferior" groceries.
Grape-Nuts, pkg 12|c
Food for tha braia and cenra.
Heralur 15c. i.'i'i' 1
Oranges, doz 25c
Fancy Navel Oranges.
Regularly 25c.
French Castile Soap, bar 221c
A tlga grada imported
Whlta Castlla Soap. Refulvtr tOo.
Cocktails, bot ; . .75c
Whiskey Manhattan. Martial and Ota.
Perfect in flavor and mada from
choicest materials. RegruUrly ft CO.
Cranberry Sauce, *; l n > . ..15c
Anderson's celebrated ma&o,
Regularly 25c | ;;¦
Finnan Haddies, lb.,..12Ic
Cholca new lot Scotch FInnaa
Haddles. Regularly 15c.
Swift's Washing Powder, Jgf . ,20c
Superior to all others for
general use.
Ranch Eggs, doz. . . . —22!c >
Tha very choicest. * {
Crystallized Ginger, ,g.. 25c
Kegrularly 20c a pound.
Claret, gallon ,40c
A choice old table wine.
Regularly 60c _____ *
COUNTRY ORDERS SOUdTETX A
CATAXOQXng FREB. "*•
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market.
Telephone— Mala 552S. ; \,
Bailey's
Pneumatic
-< WHALEBONE
Road Wagon
sold by;..
ftTUDEBAKER
The thirty years' experience sellinff
vehicles in California brings results ia
largely increased business.
STUDEBAKER BROS, MFG. CO.
Market and Tenth.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
DR.MCNULTY:
n^niSWELL-KXOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
: .1 Specla!l«tctire.tB!oo<l Poison. «onorrhcaa,01e^H
' Strtcturf , spminul Wmknw, Impotence and tb«lr
alllefl Di.v>rder8. Hoot on Di<<eMea of Jt9>. free.
OvprSOyenrsVxpereiice.TernM reasonable. Hoars.
Oto3dally:«:30io9.30MVR».Sunday^lOtol2.C<)n3nl. "i
• tatlonfreeandsacredlyconfldential. Call Oi" address J
P. KOMCOK afffXUIiTY. M. D.
3C>; licarny »t., San Francisco, C2L
•On Christmas day seven" persons In this
country were'kllled at grade crossings.
Don't start on your Journey without putting
a. bottle of Jesse Moore "AA" in your grip.
Yon ought to have knorrn that
when you ceased to be regular in your
courses, and you grew irritable with-
ont cause, that there was serious
trouble somewhere
Yea ought to know that indigestion,
exhaustion, woaab displacements,
fainting-, dizziness, headache, and
backache send the nerves wild with
affright, and vou cannot sleep.
Mrs. Hartley, of 221 W. Congress St.,
Chicag-o. 111., whose' portrait we pub-
lish, suffered all these ajronies, and
was entirely cured by Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound; her cae«
should be a ¦warning' to others, and
her cure carry conviction to the mindt
of every suffering 1 woman of the un-
failing efficiency of Lydia E. Pinkham'f
Vegetable Compound.
LIES. A. HAETLET.
Specials fop
TO-DAY and
T0-M0RR0W,
Women's Best Muslin Gowns,
,two rows of embroidery; 12 tucks: A Ct n
65c quality— on sale at „ *tDw
Women's Flannel Waists,
all new colors; lined throughout;. ££ A~
*1 quality DtC
Just received, a small lot of .
Women's Embroidered Black
Mercerized Silk Waists,
all sizes; worth $3 50— on sale <J»| nw
Only a few more of -our $4 50 qual-
ity SILK WAISTS left; all CO KA
sizes— still on sale at O-4iOU
"We have about -10 I
dozen * r^\
Percale Waists, i -JiyL
all Blzes: reeutar /?; WpflrTTsW
price 25c— en sale, Jj '¦ ijifl'M' ;/ 7J\V&
Tour choice of our\w] lfiil 1 ' kIsTaJ'
$3 and $3 OVER- W&1IH ' 1 \\SM.//l7
SKIRTS— on sale to- v*\ II J \?W'
Women's Best Muslin Drawers,
six tucks; trimmed with Torchon O t r*
lace; all sizes — on^ sale to-day Jm\\*
- ; Don't miss our" GREAT EMBROIDERY
SALE.; Bargains greater than ever. Money
refunded ; If prices and quality can be du-
plicated elsewhere. .»
1212-1214 MARKET ST.;
v v Bet. -Taylor and Jotes.
;- Mail' orders received.
Avoid Xervous Prostration.
If you are dr.n^cro-asly sick xvhat is
the iirst duty of yoar physician ? He
quiets the nervous system, he deadens
the pain, and you sleep v.-ell.
Friends ask, "-s-hat is the cause?"
and tha ancwer comes in pitying 1
trees, Ecrrous prostration. It came
upon you bo quietly in the beginning,
that you vrcrc not ala.rnied, aod when
Bleep deserved you night after eight
cntil your eyes fairly burned in the
darkaoss, then you tossed in nervous
«.g-oay prayinj for Eleep.
WOMEN FAUST SLEEP.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Sale's. ] ™?>
ir v — fine choosing
Valentines yet-hupry!*
We have kept assortments full right to the last— enough tardy '¦']¦
people, though, will take them all to-day. The best values are on
the 15c table, where you may pick from what were 20c and 25c. If yo«
don't find there -what suits your fancy you surely will on the 754c,
4c and 3c tables. >
Boys' Waists 25c and 50c
—Riveted buttons on detachable waist bands. •
—The other good thing— fo/ors are there to stay.
They are here because they are good— not because they are '
cheap— no imperfect seams— no short sleeves—no skimping i a any
way. If they are marked size to tney are 1O— not S. The man
who makes' them can't do it fast enough. He would no quicker
think of cheapening his material or slighting his work than he
would of closing shop. Nay: he'd rather do it than deceive— his
honor is at stake in every waist.
BOYS' WAISTS AT 25c—mall. BOYS' WAKTS, 50^^ as
turn down collar; also blouse ef- buttons* ?n dShai,!;
fects with large sailor collar— /waist bands— the raateriala ar*
choose from 30 new patterns In ' fl ne percale In light or dark
dark blues, reds and medium shades with small turn dowa
J and light shades-sizes 4 to 13 coUuj .orjnadejnj blouso eSec*
tOur new
Grenadines
- v At $2.25 and $2.59 are worth seeing
f/edflH^Ry'""' J^tf You'll find the. patterns are just what
«r^filfc*y«€r you'll like. You'll find they are what
i no one e^ se k as * You'll find more of
B5pflg9H«g885t\* them than you usually see at one tune,
It's this way — we don't get them
W^^^^H second-hand. We don't take what
some one clse dont wznt - o> s ' rce!
'•^l ¦KmHSHh e buv f rorri t * ie m^=er in France,
A BffjfPPf (Grenadines are something the Yankes
Mi W^JcfDil hasn't caught up with the Frenchman in
SM H®$£?f vet -) If v ? u want pure w , ater vou so to
lii&" il^ytls^l tne fountain. Well, that'3 ho-,v we get
I Sftiylisiirai P ure grenadines. Get first choice of the
illlifiiiSSi worlds best. We buy so many they
Inll^'^^ can afford not to sel1 the san:e pattsr:ia
6 (SffiSfiaf IS * Figures lead this season. Thers arc
I*K?^^^^S some striking ef?ect3 from fiowen
1 'i^W^ygpB —dreams of beauty.
45 inches wide, $2.25,. £2.50 and £3.50
X *%£r* !$