realize that Lord Roberts is in for a win
ter campaign, lasting several, month?.
This ls the end, in a few words, of .the
high hopes based upon Lord Roberts'"bril
liant dash to Kimberley and Bloemfon
tein.
Preparations are being made to hold
Bloemfontein against surprises. Lord
Kitchener has been given an important
duty, being responsible for the. protection
of the railway, while Lord Roberts Is
waiting for remounts and winter clothes
for the troops, whose thin cotton khaki
uniforms and boots are worn out.
General Brabant and General Gatacre
are both at a standstill. Lord Roberts
will probably for some time confine his
cperations to clearing the Free State be
hind him of raiders tnd to the relieving of
Mafeking, for which purpose apparently
the Eighth Division, now arriving at Cape
Town, has been ordered to Kimberley.
DOYLE SAYS TOMMY IS
LIKE WESTERN COWBOY
LONDON. April 10.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Dally Mail, tele
graphing Sunday, says:
"The air is thick with rumors of large
forces of Boers to the southward, but
there is no positive official information
on the subject. On the. other hand the
railway is said to be well guarded.
"Dr. Conan Doyle contributes to the
Friend of the Free State a picturesque
description of the British infantry.' He
says:
" 'Who could have conceived .that had
seen this prim soldier in time of peace
that he could bo quickly transform * him
self into this grim, virile barbarian?
Bulldog faces, hawk faces, hungry, wolf
faces, every sort of face except a weak
one. Most of them have swarthy faced
and lean a little forward, with eyes
steadfast and features Impassive but reso
lute. Here is a clump . of mounted in
fantry, with a grizzled fellow, like a fierce
old eagle, at the. head of them. Some are
maned like lions; some have young, keen
faces, but all. leave an Impression of
familiarity upon me. Yet I have not seen
irregular British cavalry before. Why
should it be so familiar to me— this loose
limbed, head-erect, swaggering type? Of
course, I have seen it in the American
cowboy over and over again. Strange
that a few months of the veldt should
have produced exactly the same man as
springs from the Western prairie.' "
BEWILDERING MOVES
OF THE BRITISH TROOPS
LONDON, April 10.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Morning Post, tele
graphing Sunday, says: "The movement
of troops continues with bewildering fre
quency, brigades and divisions appearing
and disappearing at brief intervals. .No
specific accounts of such movements are
permitted. Some remounts were fired on
yesterday on the railway while they -were
on the way here from the south. The en
emy are reported to be In considerable
numbers to the southeast of the line. The
Boers are also apparently feeling their
way frequently to the west of the line.
A party has been thrown forward and has
reoccupled the laager at Paardeberg,
probably to search for burled arms and
ammunition."
WEPENER GARRISON
PRACTICALLY ISOLATED
LONDON. April 10.— The Times pub
lishes the following from Wepener. dated
Sunday, April S: "The Wepener garrison
is practically isolated. However, the lines
are enormously strong and the force Is
fully provisioned. Desultory firing between
outposts continues. A commando esti
mated at 2000, with four guns, went Into
laager last night five miles from here. In
the direction of Dewetsdorp."
ALIWAL NORTH, Monday, April 9 —
Small bodies of the enemy have been seen
across the river, near the town ofOflen-
RESIDENCE OF PITCHER AND INSTITUTION OVER WHICH HE PRESIDED.
TOXDON, April 10.— Ceaseless activ
jtT.Aci.sre.at <Jarinc pa tb*rpart of
Lthe Boers, "immobility and lack of
energy on the part cf the British.
This summarizes the present situa
tion in South Africa, so far as dispatches
from the seat cf war are allowed to set it
forth. Boer forces are close to Bloern
, fontein in several directions. They have
laagered near Donkerspoort, only
tighteen miles to the southeast. They
rtlll occupy the waterworks at Sannah
Post, seriously Inconveniencing the garri
son and townspeople. Numerous bodies
appear to be traversing the entire coun
try toward the Cape Colony border, ter
rorizing- those who recently swore alle
giance to British authority.
At Reddersburg there is said to be a
large body and various commandos are
between Dewetsdorji and Smithfleld.
Some have also been seen on the west of
the railway at Wepener. They confront
General Brabant in euch force as to con
stitute a grave menace to his colonial
division.
Roberts' army in and around Bloemfon
• tein is apparently still unable to move be
cause cf the lack of horses and winter
clothes for the troops.
General Gatacre has under his com
mand several strong contingents which
cannot move far from their present sta
tions because it is their imperative duty
to protect the commander-in-chief's com
munication.
Thus in a vast section of the Orange
Free State from Thaba Nchu to Rou?:
viiJe, and from Ladybrand and Wepener
to Reddersburg. there exists practically
ro British authority, where a month ago
the British flag seemed to be everywhere
predominant. Beyond Kimberley the
country is full of Boers.
In Northern Natal the unbroken front
of the enemy along the line of Drakens
berg ranee and Bigffarsberg stares Bul
ler m the face, Buller's army Is not in
the beet condition, cither, to take the of
fensive. From Natal comes a heavy list
of deaths from disease among the men.
¦who are suffering from dysentery and
enteric fever, nearly if not quite as se
vere as during the siege of Ladysmiih.
A new scouige, pneumonia, due to want
of warm, winter clothing. Is appearing j
among the troops in both sections.
Thus the British advance is temporarily
paraJyzed by disease, lack of remounts,
clothing and transport facilities. Mean
while the Boers are as mobile as when
the war first started. They are, more
cver. employing the best possible tactics
to retard tjie British advance by their
daring raids, wherein they gobble up de
tached bodies and threaten comunicatlons.
The report that Sir Leslie Rundle. com
manding the Eighth Division, had been
ordered to Kimberley seems to indicate
that Lord Roberts thinks he has enough
troops In his own great army without the
Eighth Division, and planned to move a
column by way of Kimberley and Vryburg
co as to turn the passages of the Vaal
River.
For the moment interest centers about
General Brabant, who has before him.
i.ear Wepener. the main body of the raid
ing Boers. Parties of unknown strength
are between his forces and that of Gat
acre to the cast. On the left flank is
Basutoland, which by an unwritten agree
ment is forbidden ground to the bellig
erents. In his rear rebellion is boiling up.
General Brabant is almost In the position
if having to turn his back to the wall
(Basutcland). Should the Boers disregard
the border and move into native territory
the colonial leader would be surrounded.
It is this contingency that has caused
ominous suggestions of the injection of a
still more terrible element in the war
that of armed savages. It is Ingenuously
stated by the London papers that should
the Boers cross the Basuto border British
residents would be powerless to restrain
the fierce blacks from attacking t res pass -
o r*' nn A * ls anol h* r way of saying that
the Boers would then have to fight a
horde of ravages in addition to the Im
mense army of Great Britain
ROBERTS IS IN FOR
A WINTER CAMPAIGN
LONDON. April 10-5 a. rru— Britons are
now beginning, thoush -reluctantly, to
Continued on Third Pa*«.
BOERS CLOSING IN
AROUND BLOEMFONTEIN
LONDON. April 10.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Dally Telegraph, tel
graphing Sunday, says: "The railway and
telegraph are working well. Works and
trenches have been prepared in suitable
positions around Bloemfontein. The
greatest vigilance Is exercised. Some of
the troops sleep In the trenches.
"Confirmation has been received of the
report that ' the Boers are In laager in
conslderaole force, with guns," at Don
kerspsort. eighteen miles southeast. The
BrltJsh scouts report another , body stlh
closer. The Boer patrols have grown very
daring, venturing much nearer our tents/
RISING SPREADS IN
GOLD COAST COLONY
ACCRA, British Gold Coast Colony,
April 9.— A relieving force of 100 Hussars
started for Kumassle to-day. As this body
of troops is considered insufficient a larger
force is being concentrated in the Hinter
land. Kumassie Is evidently Invested The
Asbantls have captured several native
teachers and their families. The rising is
spreading. .
HAD A MINED AMBUSH.
LONDON. "April 10.— Lady, Sarah Wilson
and other Maf eking correspondents : send
diaries of ; the doings there, . showing that
the ' Boers have, tried by abandoning their
trenches to , lure the besieged out Into a
mined ; ambush: V Fortunately the British
engineers :: discovered the •> mine, cut' the
wire ¦ communication and " unearthed • 259
pounds of dynamite and' war gelatine.- • ¦••
for outstanding loans of $103,000 on notes.
He was directed to bring the list of
notes, the trial balances and sheets of the
bank since Its organization, and the last
statement was this from Mr. Wheeler:
Told What to Expect.
"We would like also to be in a position
to show through you. Mr. Pitcher, the
condition of the bank at the present time.
Its outstanding notes, and show just what
the security is, and we are going to ask
you questions concerning the value of va
rious securities, and will also a3k you
questions concerning the personal loans
and unsecured assets of the bank."
"I will be prepared to answer all these,"
replied Mr. Pitcher.
The answer was in death.
The relations of Henry H. Pitcher to
the Varney trust and to the Bank of Liv
ermore disclose some extraordinary fea
tures of modern financiering. It is strong
ly suspected that the disclosures already
made along that line had led the banker
to wonder how much was to come. Way
back in ISSS Pitcher was a clerk In the
Bank of California. He had considerable
ability, and when old Thomas Varney
wanted a man to manage the bank he pro
posed to open at Livermore H. H. Pitcher
got- the position. Pitcher's sister. Mrs.
Amy P. Cecil, went with him, and old man
Varney installed her in the bank as book
keeper. ¦"" V '•
In Full Control
Five years afterward > arney died. His
will made Pitcher, John Taylor and Var
ney's nephew. T. H. B. Varney, his ex
ecutors and trustees. A trust provided
for the payment of certain beneficiaries —
S2COO annually. .The executors and trus
tees, together with Henry Varney and G.
W. Langan, continued the bank's busi
ness. In wnich the old man had put JICO.OOo
in gold as capital stock. The books now
show that besides this there is $136,000 of
the Varney estate funds in the bank on
deposit. <>
The trustees and executors made
Pitcher cashier and manager, and he had
full charge of handling every detail of
the business, which represents the prin
cipal item of the Varney estate and trust.
Outside of the present contest, the trus
tees got along swimmingly, save for one
battle with Grace King, who claimed as
an adopted daughter of old Varney a big
ger share than his will allotted to her.
The executors compromised with her for
$90,000. Then the trouble broke, when the
contest now on for an aexounting from
the trustees began.
After the opening of the trial the first
disclosure was the methods by which
Trustee Pitcher had handled the trust
funds to buy valuable mining stock, which
was a portion of the estate of which be
was an executor.
Owes the Bank $15,000.
The bank s accounts now show that
Cashier Pitcher owes the bank $15,000. on
notes secured by 100 shares of the bank
stock, which has a par value of $10,000.
This same block of stock Pitcher testified
last Friday had been given to him by old
Thomas Varney, but to make sure that
It was all right Pitcher had put his nota
In the bank to cover the deal. He was
not positive whether It was an outright
gift or not.
It also transpired that 1600 shares of
Kennedy mining stock was sold by the
executors, then Immediately bought In at
$3 or $4 a share, the money to purchase T.
H. B. Varney's portion and Pitcher' 3
portion coming from the bank. The stock
has paid big dividends, which were put in
the trustees* pockets.
¦ It was this line of disclosure that bad
been reached when court adjourned Fri
day.
"Was a High Liver.
"While Pitcher had cultivated the Liver
more Valley people sedulously, he was not
unknown In the San Francisco halls of
pleasure. The banker had a penchant tat
Co-operative Creamery Association, lead
er In the town library board, president of
the School Board and president of . the
board of trustees of the Presbyterian
church. It was his hobby to be a leader
and for years he had his way. His first
defeat came last May. when he failed of
election as a Town Trustee. . vt'.v .
Discovered by Hired Man.
The banker's suicide was discovered at
8:30 o'clock by Hans Sorenson, a man-of
all-work, and the only other occupant of
the Pitcher residence. He knew his em
pioyer was to go to court In Oakland to
day. Sorenson arose about 5:30 o'clock,
did his morning chores, and then falling
to see Pitcher, went to the banker's oed
room to call him. Sorenson found the
door ajar, entered, and saw Pitcher lying
In bed. the bed-clothing over his head.
Turning down the covers, the banker's
head, drenched in blood, was revealed and
the big Colt's pistol he had used was by
his side. Pitcher had placed the muxzle
of the weapon in his mouth and sent the
bullet through the brain.
Dr. Taylor, the family physician, was
hurriedly called, but could only send for
Deputy Coroner Horton, who took charge
of the body.
Run on the Bank.
Bookkeeper Fred Mathieson of the bank
was also summoned, and word was sent
to Oakland. Quickly the news spread and
a crowd of anxious depositors gathered
at the bank doors, and as soon as they
were opened, made a rush for their
money. Mathieson met the call for a
while, at the same time trying to cool the
excited depositors, and to prevent a rush
until at least word was received from
Oakland. On the morning train money ar
rived and about 512,000 has been paid out.
When the doors closed at 3 o'clock the.ex
citement had subsided, and the Immediate
danger from the run was at an end.
President Varney said:
"We will flood the town with money to
morrow. There is ample coin to meet the
demands of depositors and all we need In
the greatest emergency Is $12,000 to $14,000.
We have $120,000 In good securities upon
which to raise that If necessary.-"
The intense excitement at Livermore
was not a circumstance to the surprise in
Oakland when word reached the Superior
Court, where Pitcher was awaited to go
on the witness stand. As soon as Judge
Seawell called the case Attorney Wheeler
asked for an adjournment until to-mor
row. Attorneys Moore and Goodfellow in
sisted that they had been unable to see
anything in the deceased banker's conduct
of a dishonest character, and after ad
journment was ordered the attorneys took
a train for Livermore. In the party were
Trustees T. H. B. Varney and John Tay
lor: Attorney Charles Wheeler and A % S.
Treat, representing the beneficiaries who
have attacked the Varney trustees' man
agement, and Attorney A. A. Moore and
W. S. Goodfellow. representing Pitcher
and Taylor, and Attorney G. W. Langan.
counselor for the Bank of Livermore.
The party arrived at Livermore at 1
o'clock, poing at once to the bank. De
positors were paid rapidly as soon as the
trustees arrived, the majority of those
withdrawing their funds being small
holders.
Investigation Is Begun.
At once the work of Investigation was
commenced.- Every attorney, trustee and
bank employe was a unit in declaring that
he knew of no cause for Pitcher's suicide.
The utmost care was taken to assure the
public that bo far as they had gone no
discrepancy In accounts had been found.
The significance of last Friday afternoon's
scene 'in court was impressed, however,
with the rush of 'lawyers and bank peo
ple to get at the books. .
Pitcher was under examination by At
torney . Wheeler *on Friday afternoon In
court. The bank cashier . had explained
some matters in connection with his hand
ling of the trust's property, and was then
told that on Monday he would be re
quested to show what securities he had
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 9.
HENRY H. PITCHER, for fifteen
years cashier and manager of the
Bank of Livermore, a trustee of
the 5500,000 Varney estate and the
most prominent man of affairs in Liver
more Valley, committed suicide thl3 morn
ing by shooting himself In the head while
in bed at his residence in-Llvermore. •
A bullet through the brain was the bank
manager's final answer to a demand made
last Friday that he produce In court to
day all records and . statements which
would show the present condition of the
institution of which he- had been the guid
ing hand since its foundation. The suicide
left behind not a message nor a scrap of
paper to tell the story. But for days he
had been at a high nervous tension over
the disclosures which were being made In
the Varney trust contest, and rather than
face the ordeal of the searching inquiry
he knew was ahead the distracted finan
cier ended his life.
Feared Disclosures.
The tragic climax to the slowly unfold
ing, story of the management of the Var
ney trust startled the community. At
Livermore there had been considerable
uneasiness over the bank's affairs, due to
the Varney litigation, the bank being the
chief investment of the trust,' and the
cashier's suicide caused a run on the in
stitution. This was met and depositors
were given assurance this afternoon by
the surviving trustees and the various at
torneys in the estate that there would be
ample funds to meet all demands.
As soon as word of Pitcher's death
reached Oakland Trustees Varney and
Taylor,, with Attorneys Wheeler, Treat,
Goodfellow and Moore, repaired to Liver
more and an examination of the books
of the bank was at once begun. The trus
tees have placed Charles G. Reed of the
Union National Bank of this city in
charge of affairs, and to-morrow Expert
Accountant Stewart of San Francisco will
start to. work to expert the bank's books
from the beginning of Its business. The
Bank Commissioners gave notice to-night
that their Inquiry would be opened to
morrow morning at the bank. President
Thomas H. B. Varney announced officially
last evening. that so far as they had been
examined the books and accounts were In
proper shape.. He said the affairs of the
bank would be Investigated to the bottom.
Attorneys in the Dark.
The attorneys and the trustees declared
that they were completely In the dark
concerning the cause of Pitcher's death.
The dead man had absolute control of the
bank and had handled all of its business.
Both Trustees Taylor and Varney of the
Varney'estate and officials as well of the
bank had left the entire control of the
affairs of the institution In Pitcher's
hands. One of his most significant moves
was to secure $5000 last .Saturday after
noon for use at the bank to-day. But
Pitcher, If he had In mind his own death,
concealed ¦ his thoughts marvelously. As
late as yesterday morning he had a long
conference in Oakland with Trustee John
Taylor, Attorneys Moore and George W.
Reed, preparing evidently for his exam
ination in court to-day.
The ; lawyers had questioned him at
great length over his affairs. After that
he went to Berkeley, visiting his wife
and daughters, who have -been residing
there for six weeks. At Livermore on his
return last evening all reports are : that
he appeared to be cheerful.
Feared Loss of : Prestige.
..But behind "the financial affairs which
did ' disturb Pitcher he had Van' almost
morbid fear of loss of standing and pres
tige through what might be. evolved* from
the . pressing investigation of the trust
affairs he had so long controlled.
•Pitcher.", was; as proud as Lucifer, and
during his years of residence he had not
let slip a single opportunity- to press him
self to the front. He was president of the
League ' of Progress, " '¦'¦ president "- of .".; the
Town Board of Trustees, president of the
doalstroom. The ferry has been destroy
ed. There 1» a. Boer commando at Koux
ville. A larger one has left Smithlield for
Wepener. There are two commandos
around Wepener, but thus far there has
been only outpost firing. A lieutenant of
Brabant's Horse has been captured at
Rouxvllle by Boers who had previously
surrendered. The Landrost la also said to
have broken his oath. A detachment of
Cape artillery, with three guns and a
squadron of Queenstown Mounted Volun
teers, arrived to-day. Many Boers who
had already taken the non-combatant's
oath are rejoining their old commandos.
GERMAN COMMENT
ON BOER SUCCESSES
BERLIN, April 9.— The latest develop
ments of the military situation in South
Africa are Interpreted as very unfavorable
to the British. \ The Kreuz Zeltung's mil
itary' writer says:
"Evidently Lord Roberts'- troops have
lost greatly in their fighting fitness. More
over, the enormous loss of horses renders
the case desperate, since the Boers will
evidently prevent reinforcements reaching
Bloemfontein."
The article concludes as follows:
"It is an admirable achievement, per
haps an unprecedented masterpiece, that
4000 Boers have not only managed to hin
der for weeks the march of a fivefold
army, but have also contrived to damage
the British communications seriously."
Professor Mommsen, in the Deutsche
Revue, answers the recent pro-English
argument of Professor Max Muller. He
condemns the South African war as un
just and concludes as follows:
"In England's glorious history a new
page is upturned, namely: the work of an
executioner against the belated followers
of William Tell."
The comments of the press upon Profes
sor Mommsen's declarations are those of
unqualified indorsement. The Tageblatt
fays:
;*Every ' word Professor : Mommsen has
written is indorsed by a nation of
60,000,000." _
CAPTURED BRITONS
NEARLY ALL WOUNDED
LONDON. April 10.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of. the Times, telegraphing
Sunday, says: "Two captured Boers agree
that only fifty men remained unwounded
out of the whole British column captured
at Reddersburg. General Gatacre and his
staff were fired on from inclosures while
they temporarily occupied Reddersburg."
SECURITIES DISAPPEAR.
LONDON, April 10.— The Cape Town
correspondent of the Daily Mall, tele
graphing Sunday, says: "I have received
information to the. effect that negotiable
securities of the value of £130,000, which
were lodged by law with the Free State
Government by foreign insurance - com
panies, have disappeared. The New York
Mutual Life Insurance Company has is
sued a warning against dealing in them."
PAPERS ARE PROTESTING.
LONDON, April 10.— The Russian and
French papers are still protesting against
Great Britain's use of the Beira route in
transporting: troops to Rhodesia, but there
Is nothing to confirm the dispatch' from
St. Petersburg to the Afternblabet of
Stockholm, saying that Emperor Nicholas
is "extremely, agitated" over the Anglo-
Portuguese - arrangement and ; intends to
issue a proclamation protesting against it
during his forthcoming visit to Moscow.
KINSARDT REANNEXED.
CARNARVON. Cape Colony, April
9.—Klnsardt ; was formally reannexed to
Cape Colony April 1, amid the cheers of
the •¦ assembled troops. A large number
of -insurgent colonists, including '• many ( of
their leaders,' are now imprisoned here.
Colonel Drury's column, including the
West Australians and Canadian ? Mounted
Rifles and Artillery, left here -yesterday
for»De Aar.
Lord Roberts and Staff Studying Approaches to Bloemfontein.
ALIWAL NORTH, April 10.— (\t) engagement tooK place yesterday
at Wepener. The Boers' VicKersrMaxims did considerable execution at
first, but the British guns soon got the range and did great havoc.
The Rouxville comroando has gone to Wepener.
The fighting was severe aQd lasted all day long. Tr;e Boers re
ceived a checK. The casualties were rather r;eavy oq both sides. Aq
otrjer commaQdo is advancing toward Wepener from Dewetsdorp.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by the New Ycrk Herald Company.
Livermore Financier and Trustee of the
Big Varney Estate Ends Life
With a Bullet.
BRITISH ADVANCE IS
CHECKED BY THE BOERS
BANKER PITCHER
COMMITS SUICIDE
Republican Forces Close to Bloemfontein
in Several Directions, While Brabant's
Division Is Seriously Menaced.
BODIES SEEN
FLOATING IN
THE TORRENT
List of Victims of the Texas
Flood Will Contain
Many Names.
LOSS OF 'STOCK AND
PROPERTY ENORMOUS
River Farms Have.Been Ruined and
the Railway Companies Re
port Hundreds of
Wasnouts.
GONZALES. Tex., April 9.— The
flood situation' here to-night is not
much improved, the river having
fallen only about four feet since
yesterday. There has been great
loss of cattle in the river bottoms and it
is feared a dozen or more lives have been
lost. A Bohemian and his wife, panic
stricken. Jumped Into the turbulent
waters ten feet deep and were almost im-<
mediately drowned when they could have
remained In safety. It is thought a negTo
boy of Marcus Tate's was drowned and
two Mexicans are missing. Reports com*
in that a number of bodies have been
seen caught on snags and barbed wire
fences.
The river farms are ruined, but the
total loss cannot be estimated as yet.
The Aransas Pass track is blocked for
five miles north of here. Several bridges
and a hundred yards of track are washed
away. The last train has come down
from Lullng. via Harwood, on the South
ern Pacific tracks.
Great Loss of Property.
AUSTIN, Tex., April 9.— The flood situa
tion here is improved somewhat, but the
reports from points below Indicate that
the full effect of the immense volume of
water is being felt in Wharton and La
fayette counties, everything being inun
dated and much loss of property and live
stock being reported.
In Bastrop County the flood has caused
great damage and something like fifty
washouts and losses of bridges are re
ported by the railways. Advices from
the area surrounding the county seat of
Eastrop County are to the effect that
there has been some loss of life among
the farming class, as their homes were
inundated without warning by the tidal
wave, but outside of an unconfirmed
rumor that eight lives were lost nothing
can be learned. . In the southern part of
this county several persons are missing,
the number representing a family of six
Italians and two»,negro families, whose
bouses hay*;. b<3r^;.w«yihed^* way. _ '•-
T The" river.' is YSce" ding" rapidly at" this
point and above, notwithstanding <tho fact
that another heavy rise was reported
early this morning on the Concho, . 125
miles north of here.' Advices • to-night
from La Grange, in Fayette County, are
to the effect that while much of the lower
portion of the town is under water, the
property loss is small. No one Is missing.
The International and Great Northern
Railway and the Missouri, Kansas and
Texas have been seriously crippled by the
floods. The first named road has had
600 washouts and lost bridges on its road
from here to the Rio Grande.- The Mis
souri, Kansas and Texas is' likewise a
heavy loser, having to abandon much of
its track altogether and use the Interna
tional and Great Northern from Taylor to
Mllano; and the Santa Fe track from
there to North Texas points.
Cotton Crop May Be Replanted.
It is now believed that the damage to
the cotton crop will not be of such extent
as has been predicted from some places,
as the season Is yet early and all the
crop could be replanted.
The citizens of this city held a mass
meeting 1 to-day, at which the consensus of
opinion was that it was not feasible to
rebuild the dam and power house, al
though no definite action was taken- A
proposition was made to the meeting 1 by
the old water 'company, whose plant has
likewise suffered from the flood, that it
would take all the piping and wiring of
the city plant and such of its apparatus
as could be recovered from the wreckage,
pay fair value for the same, rejuvenate
its plant here and furnish the city with
water and light within two weeks. The
proposition was turned over to a commit
tee of twenty citizens to be considered. In
the meantime the water and light com
mittee met and instructed the superinten
dent to at once procure from New Or
leans or some other available point a
steam engine, by which it is hoped that
the city may operate one- of its big pumps,
which remains Intact, and supply the city
with water until other arrangement
could be made.
Much fear is being entertained with re
gard to the sanitary situation, as the city
is already beginning to show the effect of
lack of drainage water. Governor Sayers
to-day gave the city $500 out of the flood
sufferers', fund to be expended in behalf
fo the poor who have been made home
less. All such are being well provided for
and there is no danger of their suffering.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 141.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1900.
The San Francisco CallWHITE MEN
CROWDED OUT
BY JAPANESE
Northern Workers Alarmed
by the Steady Influx Prom^
the Orient.
Organized Laborers of Washington
Will Indorse Appeal of Califor
nians for Exclusion of
Little Brown Men.
SiMCial IXspatch to The Call.
TACOMA. April 9.— The leaders of or
ganized labor on Puget Sound are . pre
paring to join the California labor unions
in demanding that a law be passed ex
cluding Japanese from this country. An
Immense influx .of Japanese laborers
started on Puget ' Sound two years ' ago,
when the Northwestern Railroad began
to hire them in place of white laborers.
Thousands of Japanese are now at
work and it is readily foreseen that when
the rush to Alaska ceases there will be
trouble over the question as to whether
white or Japanese shall work for the
great corporations. . Several members of
the old "committee of thirteen," which In
18S6 drove the Chinese, out of Tacoma.
declare they are ready to undertake sim
ilar work with regard to the Japanese.
The Tacoma Trades Council Is at work
securing figures as to the number of Jap
anese coming to this country. It is in
tended to use the figures before Congress.
danao, and attending to special matter* In
trusted to him In the Department of Mindanao
and Jolo. He was attended by two naval vea
wls and two gunboats. The troops occupied
those points without resistance. Two hundred
and forty-one rifles and ninety-seven pieces
of artillery were surrendered. Eleven places
In Mindanao and the Jolo archipelago have
now been occupied by our troops without the
flrinc of a shot. Affairs In that section are
quite satisfactory. OTIS.
Adjutant General Corbin said to-day re
garding the dispatch from Manila which
stated that reinforcements had -been re
quested by Generals Young and Bell of
General Otis:
"It is a fact that I have learned that
such reinforcements have been requested
of Otis. No official notice has been given
me regarding this matter, but I can state
that the forces under Young and Bell are
inadequate. General Bell, In particular,
is greatly In need of troops, and' I have
heard through direct sources that his ope
rations, owing to the lack of troops, have
been greatly hampered time and time
again."
General Corbin went on to say that Gen
eral Otis had directly under his command
more men than he really needed, and that
in all probability the requests of
Young and Bell would be Immediately
granted, and that they would be supplied
with troops from the forces now in the
vicinity of Manila. In conclusion, the ad
jutant general said that with such rein
forcements as they desired Generals
Young and Bell would actively engage the
Insurgents and attempt If possible to re
store peace In the provinces of Luzon.
Asks for Investigation.
Representative Levy of New York to
day introduced a resolution in the House
which, after reciting the statements that
thirty officers and men of the army in
the Philippines have committed suicide
and that more than 400 are now confined
to insane asylums, and that serious
charges have been made against officials
in the transport, commissary and quar
termaster service, calls upon the Secre
tary of War for Information and author
izes the Speaker to appoint an investi
gating committee of the House if he
thinks necessary. t
CAPTAIN SYDNEY A. CLOMAN, U. S. A.
This officer, who commands a company of the Twenty-third Regiment of
regular infantry in the Philippines, is charged with having ordered a mas
sacre of captive natives to avenge the treacherous killing of Americans. Ac
cording to a letter written by Corporal Leonard Mygatt to his Bister In
Brooklyn Captain Cloman first forced confessions from the Filipinos that
they had assisted in the murder of Americans. Then he detailed a squad of
thirty men \o take the prisoners to a spot near camp and dispatch them.
The natives were huddled together while the soldiers fired Into the band until
not one was left. alive. In his letter Corporal Mygatt does not give the
name of the officer who ordered the massacre, but as he is a member of
Captain Cloman's company it is taken for granted that Cloman Is the one
to whom he refers.
MANILA, April 9— An Interesting topic
of conversation In army circles Is the In
vestigation of Brigadier General Freder
ick Funston's execution of two Filipinos
and the possibility of a court-martial re
sulting therefrom. The story is that the
Filipinos captured three Macabebe scouts,
who were crossing the country near San
Isidro, and were preparing to kill them,
when cne of the Macabebes escaped and
found General Funston with a scouting
party near. This man guided the Ameri
cans to th? rescue of his companions and
when the troops approached the Filipinos
fled, leaving the Macabebes.
Several of the Filipinos were shot and
General Funston captured two of them,
took them to the villlage square and
hanged them without trial as a warning
to the Filipinos.
The present method of warfare and ln-
Ftances of the mutilation of prisoners
have Incensed the army soldiers to euch
a degree that they feel Justified In making
reprisals, which has been done on several
occasions recently. There Is a strong
feeling among the residents and friendly
Filipinos that the Chinese general, Pana,
who. as announced on March 31. surren
dered to Brigadier General Kobbe after
terrorizing the province of Panay. should
be severely punished. It Is pointed out
that his career has been more that of a
brigand than of a soldier, as he extorted
money by torture from worthy natives
and burned alive some of his followers
who Intended to desert him. It Is be
lieved Pana surrendered because he
feared his own men and he expected to
be paroled, like other officers, and enjoy
the fruits of his brigandage.
Otis Reports Operations.
WASHINGTON. April 9— The following
report of recent developments In the Phil
ippines was received at the War Depart
ment to-day from General Otis:
MANILA. April ».— General Bates has Just
returned from the south, after placing the
Fortieth Infantry at Burlgao. Cagayan, lll
ganca, Icsmis. Dapldan and Northern Mln-
IF YOU
WOULD ENJOY
TO-DAY. |
It Invigorates the LIVER. |
It Heals Diseased KIDNEYS.
WAVING FUGS
FORM A CANOPY
FOR THE OUEEN
Victoria Drives Through
Dublin's Decorated
Streets.
Vast Crowds Line the Route and
Sing and Cheer as the Royal
Party Passes on Its
Way.
?
DUBLIN. April 9.— Queen Victoria took
her usual drive In the viceregal grounds
to-day and raid her promised visit to this
city this afternoon, leaving Phoenix Park
at about 4 o'clock. Large crowds wit
nessed her departure and the route fol
lowed was thronged. An escort of house
hold cavalry lent picturesqueness to the
royal procession. The stores and houses
were plentifully decorated with flags and
hunting, and the Queen was received with
great enthusiasm throughout her drive.
The weather was splendid, and the bril
liant Fimshire and vari-co!ored decora
tions pave the city quite a carnival ap-
I^-a ranee.
Thousands gathered from early morning
tr.d lired the route 'thickly. The throngs
bbout O'Connell street. Sackvllle etreet
and College Green were enormous. Back
ville ctrect presented a particularly strik
ing spectacle. Handsome Venetian masts
in the tenter of the imposing thorough
fare divided it into two avenues, and the
royal procession passed under an almost
unbroken canopy of leviathan flags, gor
ppous banners and van-colored festoons
of flowers a.rid evergreens. The windows,
roofs and all vantage points were occu
pied by cheering, singing crowds, waving
lijtfrs? and handkerchiefs.
Queen Victoria drove Elowly along the
route. Incessantly bowing and smiling her
eoknowled,?ments of the plaudits. The
pecne about College Green, where the
Bank of Ireland. Trinity College and the
l>ublic etatucs were gaily bedecked, was
Fpecially interesting, as this vantage
puint had been selected not only by the
<ollegiates. but by thousands of visitors
from Belfast and other cities. The crowds
were so dense that they almost touched
the carriage wheels, yet there was an al
moFt total absence of constabulary. In
i-p!te of this there was not the slightest
*icn of a disturbance of any kind. Miles
«.f fluttering handkerchiefs greeted the
(juirn's approach there and marked her
< Murso through Harcourt street, the south
circular road and across the bridges to
Phoenix monument and the viceregal
loiJrp. which was reached at s:^/1 p. m.
Arthur Griffiths, editor of the United
Irishman, which was Fuppressed last Sat
urday, was this afternoon sentenced to
lourt^en days' imprisonment or a fine of
s sovereign for aspaulting Ramsay Collier,
proprietor of the Irish Figaro, in the lat
trr'p office. He decided to take the lm
jirisonmont.
Stops the Cough and Works* Of? < the* Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets cure a. cold
ia one day.. No cure, no pay. Price 23c: .
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
Silver Republicanas to Meet.
LOS ANGELES. April 9.— The State Sil
ver Republican Committee will meet here
to-morrow. About thirty delegates are al
ready here. W. J. Bryan will confer with
the committee. .^aMMBBBMB
F\A7YIOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning, Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
reentry, delightful walks. Hnntlnx and fish-
Ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates, |13 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets, S. F.. 9 a.
m. and 1:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at GMroy
tor springs. For illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
MILLIONS FOR
THE CARE OF
THE INDIANS
Senate Rejects Amendment
Providing for Contract
Schools.
Unsuccessful Attempt Made to Agree
Upon a Bate for the Vot* on
the Seating of
Quay.
WASHINGTON. April ».— After some
further discussion to-day the Senate re
jected the sectarian school amendment to
the Indian appropriation bill, offered by
Jones (D.) by a vote cf 30 t0. 16. As has
been the practice for two or three years,
the free homes measures was offered as
an amendment to the bill, but it was ruled
out on tho point of order that it was
general legislation and. therefore, not ger
mane to an appropriation bill. Without
division the bill was passed. The measure
carries about $8,414,000.
An unsuccessful effort was made to
agree upon a date for a vote on the reso
lution relative to the seating of Quay as
Senator from Pennsylvania. The effort
will , be renewed to-morrow. .
During the last two hours of the ses
sion tho Alaskan Cilvil Code bill was
under consideration. An amendment of
fered by Hansbrough concerning the title
to mining claims in the Cape Nome dis
trict provoked a warm debate. - '¦¦'¦.
This was a dull day In the House. The
agricultural appropriation bill was under
consideration and was made the vehicle
of considerable desultory debate on Irrele
vant political topics. Good progress was
made with the bill after the close of the
general debate, twenty-five of the thirty
seven pages being: covered before adjourn
ment.*
HANDSPRINGS
J. CRAIO and H. R. WARREN. M«rs.
Swlmminc Tanks. Bowling Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Maaaeurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSOX. the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER SO MINERAL SPRINGS.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA 114 LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing In Ballroom erery evening: Georg*
W. Watson. Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINK IN LAKES COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRING 3 HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. Sll Montgomery street.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oakland;
AHRENS. PEIN * BULLWINKLB. (29 Port
street. San Francisco.
ATTEMPT TO RESCUE
INDIAN MURDERERS
Chilkat Braves Attack Officers Hav
ing in Charg-e the Slayers of
the Hortons.
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 9.— Stirring
scenes followed the arrest of eleven In
dians for the murder of Bert Horton and
his wife near Sullivan Island, Alaska. The
steamer Cutch, which arrived here to-day
from Skaeruay, -brings' the story of an at
tempt to rescue the Indian prisoners at
Haines Mission by a hundred young
bucks, all armed, to repel whom the
troops stationed at Skaguay were called
out and tho Indians driven oft without
loss of life. „ ,
At the preliminary examination of the
prisoners it was shown that the Chilcats
had first put the husband to death, sub
jecting him to many atrocities, and dur
ing tho following week had Kept Mrs.
Horton a prisoner, repeatedly abusing her
before finally killing her. The greatest In
dignation prevailed at Skaguay and an
organized attempt was made to lynch the
prisoners. This, however, was prevented
by the troops, who successfully guarded
the jail.
Another feature of the case was the vol
untary surrender to Deputy United States
Marshal Tanner of another Indian who
said he had been concerned in the mur
der. There are now twelve Indians In jail
awaiting trial, charged with. the murders
of the Hortons or complicity therein. It
seems that the Chllcoot andChllkat In
dians believed they could commit murder
with Impunity because an Indian named
Tom recently returned from McNeils
Island, who, had been pardoned while
serving a ten-year sentence for killing a
white man. This Indian told the" others
that he had been well cared for, and as
he was well dressed upon his release his
term of detention appeared to be '¦ exceed
ingly pleasant. « •"¦
The killing of the -Hortons was caused
by the desire of the Indians to gain pos
session of the white woman, associated
¦with their superstition that a life for a
life Is a necessity.
PENSION LAW REVISION.
House Committee Takes TJp the Bill
of Senator Gallinger.
WASHINGTON. "ApriI 9— The most com
plete piece of general pension legislation
before Congress, that revising the pen
sion act of June 27, 1890, and other gen-;
cral pension law?, was passed upon In a
tentative manner, to-day' by the House
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and the
sense of the committee taken on report
ing the bill tor the House and placing It
on the House calendar for- early consider
ation. The revision has been advocated
by delegations of the chief officer of the
Grand Army of the Republic and Pension
Commissioner Evans has been heard at
length on the subject. . •> . •. y ¦ '
The committee decided' to-day to take
the bill of Senator Galllnger. as a basis
of action and. to make • several amend
ments. The details of the changes are
not made public for the present, but It Is
understood that the most Important of
these Increases the age limit on which
pensions are to be allowed -and fixes a
sliding scale between the ages of 62 and
70. viz.: Six dollars at 62 years. $8 at 65,
$W at 68 and $12 at 70. Another Important
amendment increases ¦ from '$96 to $250 the
amount of annual ¦ Income I which | a widow
may have without forfeiting the right to
a pension. As amended- the bill Is to be
reported, but Chairman Sulloway is given
considerable latitude in the matter in or
der that an opportune time may be chosen
to secure practical results In the House.
Death of an Oregon Pioneer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROSEBURG, April 9.— A. A. Mathewa.
an old pioneer;of the county, died at" his
home near, Reston yesterday! at an ad
vanced age. ¦ He was at one time Assessor
of this county and quite prominent in pol
itics."He Ifua-vea a widow and family.- ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
About This
In addressing Mrsm
Pinkham you are com-
municating with
A Woman
A woman whose expe-
rience In treating female
Ills is greater than that
of any living person, male
or female.
She has fifty thousand
such testimonial letters
as we are constantly pub-
lishing showing that Lydla
Em Plnkham's Vegetable
Compound Is dally re-
lieving hundreds of suf-
fering women m
Every woman knows
some woman Mrs. Pink-
ham has restored to
health.
Mrs. Pinkham makes
no statements she cannot
provom Her advice Is
fwwi, - . Lydia E. Pinkh»m
* #T#tat . Med. Co., Lynn, Mass.
BESTFORTHE
If yon haven't a regular, healthy movement of tbo
bowels every day, you're *tck. op will be. Keep jour
bowels open, and bo well. Force, In the shape of
violent physio or pill poison. Is dangerous. The
smoothest, easiest, most perfect war of keeping the
bowels clear and clean Is to take
¦: B Jjf CATHARTIC
THADf MMX »IB»TtRCO
Pleasant, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good, Do Good,
Never Sick«n. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 25c, 6Co Write
for free sample, and booklet on health. Address
Btrrliag tlrmtdj ( oaptnj, Chicago, Siootir.l, K«w Y*rk. SMa
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
DEATH OF OSTHEIM
WAS ACCIDENTAL
Eelief That the Artillery Captain
Shot Himself While a Victim
of Nightmare.
CHICAGO. April H.— A verdict of death
hy an accidental wound was decided on
to-day by tho Coroner's Jury in the case
of Captain Louis Osthoim of the First
United States Artillery, who was found
dead List night in his apartments at the
Auditorium Annex. At first it was be
lieved that the death of Captain Ostheim
was a premeditated suicide, hut no mo
tive hns been fnund for such an act. Cap
tain Ostheim was to have been married
tn-dar to Mrs. Eva Bruce-Woods, and
j>rr>cured a license on Saturday. Captain
Ctstheim. It is said. h;ul been in poor
li'-alth since his return from the Philip
pines and h.'id suffered considerably from
insomnia.
The revolver with which Captain Os
theim shot himself had been purchased by
liim fr>r seif-prr>te<nion on Saturday, as he
•¦•arrit-d a. larpe amount of money with
him. It is the theory of his friends that
the captain awoke on Sunday morning in
one of his nightmares and shot himself,
rot knowing what he was doing.
SIBERIA NOT OPEN.
Story That Miners Might Prospect
There Is Denied.
Fr>*Sal Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C.! April 9.-The United
F:ates Consul at Dawson announces to the
News of that city that Americans will not
l>e allowed to mine in Siberia, and in con
fluence a company which was being
lorm*»d at Dawson to Bend prospectors to
Siberia has bees disbanded. The News
f-ays in regard to this:
"So many vague stories have \>een told
concerning the supposed ukase of the Czar
nf Russia opening Siberia to American
pold seekers that in order to determine
thp truth of these letters of inquiry were
prnt to the United States State Depart
ment at Washington. A reply to one of
these has br-en received in Dawson, which
liriefly states that no permission has been
civrn Americans to invade the Siberian
trold fields. The rumors are supposed to
\-p founded on concpssions granted by the
J'.upsian Government about five years ago
to a company of prospectors covering
jilacrr lands on the northwest coast of
Okhotsk S» a. which lies to the southeast
of lie-ring Straits."
Passing of a Baron.
LONPON, April 9.— Baron Inchiniquln
fßduarri nonough O'Brien) Is dead. He
vas born In 1533.
LOTTA IN COURT.
Former Actress Sued by a Real
Estate Broker.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, April 9.— Miss Crabtrea. who
Is better known as the actress Lotta and
Is one of Boston's millionaires, was an In
terested spectator thlB morning In the Su
preme Court, . where the suit brought
against her by J. J. Cadigan is on trial.
Miss Crabtree appeared just as sprightly
as when she frisked about the stage a
decade ago In "The Little Marchioness"
and other plays.
Her property In Boston — the Park The
ater and the hotel property adjoining— is
appraised at over $1,000,000, and she is said
to own New York real estate worth as
much more. Cadigan. who is a real es
tate broker, sues to recover $SOOO which he
claims Is due from Miss Crabtree as com
missions on the sale of the hotel prop
erty.
Plans for Convention Hall.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 9.— Plans for
erecting the new . convention .hall have
been practically completed and the work
of removing the debris from the site is
proceeding actively. - The hall directors
to-day, have on hand $235,000 available for
the new building, which is to cost in the
neighborhood of $300,000. Delegations con
tinue to sign contracts for quarters at the
different hotels. To-day one of the lead
ing-hotels closed a contract negotiated by
Senator Clark for fifteen members of the
Montana delegation.
j . . . - ¦ • - '
EASTER SUNDAY
Is the day above all others when a
man feels compelled to look his best
and have his attire fresh and faultless,
especially hi 3 linen. Bring your linen
or colored shirts, collars and cuffs to us.
and they will do you proud on Easter
Sunday, as they will look as fresh atid
beautiful in color as if bought new.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
1004 Market Strest.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St
-vjy^j/Ai , DR. PIERCES
ELEGTRIG
BELT.
«3f J**i THIS BELT 19 WAR-
Afv. ranted to be the latest ina-
' v proved, most powerful and In
all retrpecta the best now manufactured in any
part of the world. Its equal does not exist. Tha
Galvanometer rhows Its electrlo current to bs
double that of any other. Eaaily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Unproved attach-
ments. Pseclal conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cure
any disease on earth that It Is possible to ear*
with electricity, and It cures when other* fail.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Plerce's."
•'Booklet No. t." free at office or sent T>y mall
for a S-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel} SAN FRANCISCO.
Eastern Office— New York City.
FOR A CANAL
FROM STOCKTON
TO THE BAY
Joint Resolution Introduced
by De Vries in the
Provides for a Preliminary Exam
ination and Survey for
the Proposed Water
way.
Biwclal Dispatch to Tho Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, April ».—
Representative de Vries to-day Introduced
a Joint resolution authorizing: and direct
ing the Secretary of War to cause a pre
liminary examination and survey to be
made for a ship canal of sufllclent width
and depth and along the most practicable
route he may determine between the city
of Stockton and a point to be determined
by him upon San Francisco, SaJi Pablo,
jSuisun or other bay or waterway, with a
view to the construction of such canal for
navigation by coast and transoceanic ves
sels from San Francisco Bay to the city
of Stockton. So much of money now in
the treasury, heretofore appropriated and
made available for improvement of San
Joaquln River and Stockton and Mormon
channels, is made available for the pur
poses described.
Senator Perkins to-day presented in the
Senate the jprotest of a large number of
citizens of El Dorado County, California,
against the proposed national park at
Lake Tahoe.
A resolution Introduced by Representa
tive Wilson of Idaho, adopted In
the House to-day, calls upon the
Secretary of the Interior for In
formation regarding the creation of
forest reserves. Including a number of
acres now Included within the forest re
serves belonging to the land grant rail
road companies or other corporations or
individuals at the time of the creation of
these reserves; the amount of the so
called forest reserve lieu scrip or right of
lieu location issued; what new forest re
serves or extensions are in contemplation
or have been recommended and where lo
cated. This resolution will bring out full
information regarding the proposed big
tree" reserves in the Pacific States.
The Indian appropriation bill passed by
the Senate to-day and which now goes to
conference contains an item which Repre
sentative Needham got incorporated in
the bill in the House appropriating $0.000
for a new Indian school at Riverside. Cal.
The Perris School secures the regular ap
propriation of $167 per pupil for 160 pupils.
The House omitted from the bill a provis
ion for the Mission Tulare agent at San
Jacinto, but Mr. Needham appeared be
fore the Senate Committee and urged the
appropriation, with the result that It was
nut into the bill. It is practically certain
that all these provisions will be retained
in the bill by the conference committee.
Attorney freneral Tirey L. Ford of Cali
fornia and Deputy Attorney General \\ il
liam M. Abbott, who arrived here to-day,
will argue before the United States Su
preme Court on Wednesday next the case
of C. W. Smith as receiver of the Atlantic
find Pacific Railroad Company vs. Truman
Reeves, as State Treasurer of California.
Mr. Abbott, on motion of Attorney Gen
eral Ford, was to-day admitted to prac
tice before the Supreme Court. Attorney
General Ford expects to remain In "\\ ash
inKton about ten days. While here he
will urge the authorities on behalf of the
California Miners' Association to ordar
the immediate beginning of work on the
construction of restraining clams, so as to
fiermlt the resumption of hydraulic mln
nu on a large scale. The Miners' Asso
ciation desires the work commenced with
the 1500,000 appropriated Jointly by Con
gress and. the California Legislature, with
the confident expecUtion that the remain
ing ¦ $300,f>00 nf "the wtlmated'cost of the
work will be raised before the completion
of the project.- - -ii>*.-f. : ... ..;:
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Increase— Michael Costello,
San Jose, $S to $10. Original widows, etc.—
Special. March 28— Jennie Rynes. San
Francisco. JS. War with Spain— Original,
special, March 2S— Vernon Vanhouten.
Pasadena. $12. War with Spain— Widows,
etc.— Catherine Hattinger (mother), Santa
Washington: Original— Hamilton Miller,
Rockford. $S.
A postoftice has been established at
Bonneville, Muitnomah County, Oregon.
FUNSTON MAY BE
COURT-MARTIALED
Execution of Two Filipinos by
the General's Orders Being
Investigated.
Caused the Natives to Be Shot Without a
Trial Because They Had Planned the
Murder of Scouts.
WABNEB'S BEMEDIES.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 10 , 1900.
DEWEY HOPES
TO ENCOMPASS
BRYAN'S DEFEAT
Would Keep the Nebraskan
Out of the Presiden
tial Chair.*
Admiral Is Gaining Supporters and
Bids Fair to Become a Formid
able Factor at Kansas
- Special Dispatch to The- Call.
CALLHEADQUARTER9. WELLING
TON HOTEL.,. WASHINGTON, April 9.—
Admiral Dewey is much encouraged -by
assurances of support he is receiving from
all parts of the country, and which, his
friends say, are coming principally from
conservative citizens. Including many
prominent business and professional men.
While he will say nothing on the subject
himself, his friends declare that, even if
he be not elected, the admiral will feel
that he has been amply compensated for
seeking the Presidential nomination if his
candidacy results in the defeat of Bryan.
Admiral Dewey's forthcoming statement
will express his positive political convic
tions.
Admiral Dewey Is not the only man who
is hearing from the people. There are
indications that many politicians are be
ginning to appreciate that they under
estimate his strength with the voters of
the country. One of the 'most prominent
Democratic Senators said to-day there
was undoubtedly a very strong sentiment
in favor of the admiral's nomination, and
he expressed the belief that it might man
ifest Itself so strongly before the Kansas
City convention as to bring about the
substitution of Admiral Dewey's name for
that of Bryan. This Senator has hereto
fore stood with the Bryan forces, and he
is not yet ready to allow himself to be
quoted In favor of the admiral, though
he may do so soon.
Democrats are awaiting with much In
terest some unmistakable Indications of
what will be the attitude of the New
York Democracy toward Dewey. It is re
alized that if the delegation of the Em
pire State should go into the Kansas City
convention as his supporter ho would at
once become a formidable rival of Bryan.
Though no Tammany man in Congress
would confirm the report, it was said to
day that the Tammany leaders were se
riously considering the advisability of
supporting Dewey's candidacy.
7/ UK* ') Uh A I l/^I < ssf4ssf <^n !^r~?iisßS^^^^tf^^^' *
PARALYSIS
S^«f?^J [jr^l Paralysis. Part 1 al
t^SSRa *"' & Paralysis «nd Uoccmo-
p-.TffifiygS £, tnr Ataxia are <J!»-
eKtOjEJKri fr^^ **as^t of the nerves
ffflEff Pfflirl I S*>gg \ and r.prve centers.
**53&1£22H Thf*» xnort serious dls-
\ipi£&£!r9&, LP V e*s»s rr.ay com* as a
{SwKnrS result <,'. overworked
KeSra W"! OI Over; &- lt "i nerves.
|«s*ili3€f 1 Thf-rc ar» always
BSsS.'frl' «an-.'.nK tyn.ptoms to
( CSSSrfe* \ |p!I on * °* th * coming
t |^B>i X oanc»r, Jhe more Im-
f*3 I IE? port ant cf which tr*
Pfts I l» defective- hearing and
fefif-5 1 5 throbbing in ears fflg.
( h'-li f U. defective vision
I 5 i '* I v Stt>< * twitching of eye- '
I fc^y I P" ' digestion nnrt For»n>><>*
I 6033 I i** f ' rtomach i:ig. 3), ah-
I BSS I S »=ence of kr.pf-jrrk <fie
I fcfer? I X *' rains along shins
L__jP*»sf / tW (fIX - ' )l ' * ia !ns In f*et
r*JjßjgarJ tRb "^ '*"'£• O- Another very
-^CU» V.W Important symptom Is
¦¦¦ KS palpitation or flutter-
vi . Ing of heart and pain
>i " In left side (fig. 7).
If you Buffer with any of these symptoms
then you need HCDYAN. HUDTAN will cure
3ou, because IH.'I>TAN gives strength and tone
to the nerves and nerve centers.
HUDTAN will make you feel like a new be-
ing. HUDTAN gives a renewed impetus to
the circulation and enriches the blood, and Im-
parts health and strength to the entire sys-
tem. HUDTAN establishes perfect digestion.
HUDTAN Is for tale by druggists— 6oc a
package, or clx packages for $2 DO.
If' your druggist does not keep HUDTAN
*end direct to the HUDTAN REMEDT Co..
corner Stockton. Ellis and Market streets. Ean
Francisco. Cal.
4t- wof tr>« Hudyat) Remedy
I nnPTDDC I Co. moy be consulted
I LJUL I UflO | by letter or In persoi).
jfr . •*¦ Write your symptoms.
SEND FOR CIRCULARS AND TESTIMO- i
X T tLS OF THE GREAT IIUD TAN-FREE. j
4 QUART BOTTLES 53.20.
Express charges prepaid.
Highest grade for Medicinal or Family use.
We give you the benefit of the middlemen's
profit, besides you are guaranteed th» cer-
tainty of
F*URE WHISKEY.
Nothing on case to Indicate contents.
Money refunded If not satisfactory.
Reference, any business firm and commercial
agencies.
I 3".I 3 ". EF»HRMi;VI «fc CO..
Distillers' Agents.
18 Montgomery street, San Francisco, CaL
(C7Twlce the price could buy no better.
Specialists for Men.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
731 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
DItMALL'S EELNYiGORATOR|g|s&;
l-ive hundred reward for any ticsfe?^ 1
case we cannot cure. Thla secret }&** **W1
remedy stops all losses In 24 a k*
hours, cure« Emissions. Impo- [5 CxJ^r
tency, Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. RJpl • TJOj
Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost V£kl fc-Wi,
Manhood and all wasting effects jfror! 3vfCT
cl seU-abuse or excesses. Sent ~
•ea!ed. |J bottle; I bottles. IS; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN.
BTITUTE. SSS BroarVway. Oakland. CaL Also
(or sale at 10T3H Market st., 8. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Bend for free book.
PASO
ROBLES
Hot Sulphur Springs.
OTTO E. NEVER, Proprietor.
OVB OF THE MOST NOTED MINERAL
»?rlag resorts and sanitariums In America.
, Op«-. all the year round. Marvelous cures of
rheumatism, blood, liver, kidney and stomach
disorders. Famous mud and sand baths. Ele-
gant hotel accommodations. Rataa, Including
board, lodging, use of baths and ad vie* of
resident physician. $10 to 523.
Special Round-Trip Rebate Tickets.
FRANK W. EiT. City Agent.
TeL Main 1M». No. 140 Market St.. 8. F.
PAR4ISO BOT SPRINGS, Cai "*££ rr ° i J a .
Monterey County, CaL — For health, read
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dat*
accommodation*; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers: not soda, sulphur and electrto
baths; swimming tank 30x«d feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis ard
dance hall; large hotel and SO cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for famlllaa- ail
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. San Francisco, 9 a. m.: First and
Broadway. Oakland. »:ll> a. m. dally tcye Sc!»,
dad. then by stag* orer beautiful lerel road I
miles to springs. Round-trio ticket* \\ at S
X ottw. OS Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlan and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRACLT
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician. '
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lak» Count-* ?»
sp«sd your vacation. Boating, bathing howl
ing. tennis, livery, new walks, etc. WrttVTo*
SKAGGS gai«?PS?^°*™A
from San Francisco and but nine miles To?
staglcg; watcn noted for medicinal virtue" •
best natural bath In State; grand moontal-i
scenery; good trout streams at door- ffiS
telegraph: daily mall and expr^s- first*
CLASS HOTEL AND BTAOb^ervice*
morning and afternoon stages: round l trtn 't™l
»12 a week. Tleferences-Any S t ~V \A ** °T
five year.; patronage «"«t«^7neM? ir ? Mt
J- P- MXTLQREW. Proprietor.
drives to Bear Valley, etc JOBEPK Tbpbt'
RAND or Pohl's .hoe stow. J2| kH£, "2* lf
F., every Friday from » to 8 <filocit^*
PINE KNOB RESORT. £¦«£ «* «««
Elevation 2600 feet; delightful VllSate beau-
tiful scenery and fine- drives HuntiA» .^U
fishing; pleasant walk* Rates » « n S*un 2
week. Sen! for circular. I H 'mcKIM. p£>p*
CHEAPEST and best In America— The We»v»-»
Call, is pages, sent to any addrew in^*h»
United States, postpaid, for n per j?Lr
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Ukiah, Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters', champagne baths; only
place In the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal spring:
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J; A. REDEMETER & CO., Proprietors.
RO WA RD E/V NA W.
H. Francis Anderson, President; William 11.
Lamb. Vice President and Manager; J. Dal-
zell Brown, Treasurer.
Situated In the Santa Cruz Mountains, on
San Lorenzo River. 3Vi hours from S. F.. 10
miles from Santa Cruz;-' grounds and river lit
by electrlo lights; tennis, bowling; boatlns,
bathing and fishing: golf links: elegant halt
and clubrooma; good music and billiards; all
rooms hard finished and elegantly furnished.
Round trip, $3. Telephone In hotel. Address
B. Dickinson, secretary and lessee, Een Lo-
mond. Opens May 15th.
2+ The Call * Easter number in +
"?" especially selected colors will vV'
be out on Easter Sunday, April +
'•+ 15— and it will be a gem! . \t-
•?*+>?+++???++++?? + <H~f* j
School of this city. Edwin Markham. the
poet, recited his "Ode to Lincoln." Three
hundred singers of the United Singing So
ciety of Philadelphia sang the Transvaal
"Volkslled" and American patriotic songs.
After the speechmaking was over James
F. Smith, a 14-year-old messenger boy,
was called to the stage by means of the
regulation call box and was given the
message, signed by the schoolboys, with
instructions to proceed to Pretoria and to
hand it personally to President Kruger.
The messenger, accompanied by a com
mittee of three High School boys, left for
New York to-night, and to-morrow they
will be tendered a reception at the Wal
dorf-Astoria Hotel by the students of the
public schools of Greater New York. On
Wednesday the messenger will sail on the
steamship St. Louis, and before the ves
sel reaches Southampton he will be taken
off by a French tender and landed at
Havre, France, in order to avoid English
territory. The message to President Kru
ger is as follows:
We, the undersigned students of the public
schools of Philadelphia, the city where our own
forefathers enlisted In their splendid and suc
cessful struggle against British oppression, de
sire to express to you and to th« fighting men
of the South African republics their admiration
for the cf nlus and courage that has checked
English Invasion of the Transvaal, and the un
derslgxed extend their most earnest wishes that
In the end tho South African republic will
triumph over England in a war In which the
Boer cause Is noble, the English cause un
just.
Mr. Cleveland's Lecture.
PRINCETON. N. ... April 9.—Ex-Presi
dent Grover Cleveland delivered the first
of his two lectures on "The Independence
of the Executive" in Alexander Hall to
night before a large and enthusiastic au
dience. President Patton introduced the
speaker with a brief speech and as Mr.
Cleveland arose to begin his lecture the
audience greeted him with rounds of ap
plause. The lecture throughout was lis
tened to with marked attention.
Treasurer— N. Conner. The election waa
hotly contested.
At laodesto.
MODESTO. April 9.— The city election
here to-day resulted In the re-election o£
R. D. Young Marshal. W. A. Harter
Clerk and James Johnson Treasurer. The
Trustees elected were: W. S. Mann. John
Harrison and W. E. Daunt. The candi
dates all ran on the independent itckat.
At Merced.
MERCED. April 9.— The municipal elec
tion held here to-day resulted in the elec
tion of the following officers: W. H. Tur
ner and R. Barcroft. Trustees; R. A.
Meehan. Marshal; S. C. Cornell. Clerk; C
E. Kocher, Treasurer.
At Auburn.
AUBURN, April 9.-At the city election
to-day. Lee E. Wallace was elected Clerk:
A. S. Waldo, Marshal: A. L. Smith, Treas
urer, and John Adams and Oeorß* F,
Huber. Trustees.
At Willows.
WILLOWS. April 9.— The city election*
was held here to-day with the following
results: Colonel F. G. Crawford. H. J.
Sumners and Z. T. Cowart were elected
Councilmen; Thomas Kinkade, City Mar
shal; George C. Johnson. Clerk, and C. R.
Wlckes, Treasurer. The principal flghs
was between George Hoag and Thomas
Kinkade for Marshal. The two men ran
almost even in every precinct but No. 1.
in that precinct Kinkade received forty
more votes than his opponent, thus secur
ing office.
At Santa Monica.
SANTA MONICA. April 9.— A warm con
test closed at 5 o'clock this evening when
Santa Monica voted for prohibition. Tha
vote stood 305 for to 21S against.
At Colton.
COLTON. April 9— The city election to*
day resulted as follows: City Trustees— »
R. J. Martin and C. Medhurat; City Clerk.
James Waters: Treasurer. George Bur
rail; City Marshal. Thomas Adklns. Alt
are Republicans except Adklns.
Vacaville.
VACAVILLE. April 9.— The following
were elected here to-day: S. P. Dobbins,
F. B. McKevitt. Trustees: Ed Fisher.
Treasurer; E. Donaldson, Marshal; R. B.
Stltt, Clerk.
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. April 9.— The citr elec
tion to-day passed off quietly. The fol
lowing were elected: Mayor, Dt. J. P.
Parker: Clerk. J. L. "Wright; Treasurer, F.
W. Lucas: Councilmen— R. E. Hamilton;
J. Wagner. F. K. Roberts. J. B. Maher;
Library Trustees— Dr. C. L. Anderson, Dr.
F. W. Bliss. E. L. Williams. J. W. Lin
scott and D. C. Clark.
At Palo Alto.
PALO ALTO, April 9.— Messrs. Marx
Sloan and Mosher were re-elected Town
Trustees to-day and Mr. Slmklns Clerk.
PRO-BOER RALLY
OF THE SCHOOLBOYS
PHILADELPHIA. April 9.— One of the
greatest demonstrations of sympathy",
both in the number participating and the
enthusiasm displayed, ever shown in this
city for any foreign nation took place" to
night, when the Academy of Music was
Jammed with people for the purpose of
taking part in the Philadelphia school
boys' pro-Boer rally. The primary object
of the gathering was to send a message
of greeting to President Kruger. signed
by 22,000 pupils of the schools of this city.
So great was the crush, mostly of the
younger generation, that many thousands
were unable to get near the doors, and
the mass of struggling people was enter
tained by music while the meeting inside
was In progress.
Judge William T. Ashman of the Or
phans' Court of this city presided, and
those who addressed the meeting were
Webster Davis, W. Bourke Cockran, ex-
District Attorney Graham of this city, P.
Louter Wessels of Bloemfonteln and
Thomas J. Meek, a pupil of the High
v ¦ '¦ living, enjoyed the select quarters of
the Union League Club, was a bon vivant
tnd an epicure. For several years there
was strong rumor that his domestic
nfT&irg were not entirely satisfactory. His
¦wife, however, lived under tho same roof
with him until a few weeks ago, when Bhe
took a home at 262 C Durant avenue, Berke
ley, the reason assigned being that she
might send their daughter. Miss Pearl
Pitcher, to a private school. An older
daughter. Miss Hazel Pitcher, also accom-
Snled them. Pitcher called there yester
y. Mrs. Pitcher and her daughter Pearl
went to Livormore as soon as news of the
euield** was received. The funeral ar
rangement k will depend upon her desires.
Pitcher was born in Sacramento in l&W.
At eighteen years of age he was book
keeper for Treadwell & Co., a big mer
cantile firm of that city. The house
failed and the Bank of California took
charge and Rav<? young Pitcher the man
agement to wind up the business. Later
he did surveying in Virginia City and
Truckee. and finally began his banking
career In the Hank of California, from
which he graduated in ISBS to go to Liver
more. In 1*72 he married his present wife,
who was then Miss Annie G. Clark of
Sacramento.
Pitcher w^ a member of Mosaic Lodge
No. 21i. F. and A. M.. of Livermore;
Golden Gate Coramandery of this city
Doric Chapter. Royal Arch Masons of
Uvrmore. and Islam Shrine.
The last report of the Bank Commis
sioners shows that the Bank of Livermore
had 5C4.000 due to depositors. out£ld> of
JjHS.CC'O 6u<? to the Va/ney estate. There
was $«.<K»i and more on hand and due
from other banks. The two principal
Items under inquiry are $128,000 loaned on
mortgages and $103,000 on personal notes
The stock of the bank k was held as fol
lows: H. H. Pitcher. 100 shares; T. H B
Varney. 70 shares; John Taylor. 10 shares-
G. 'W. Lar.jran. 10 shares, and the Varney
estate. 800 shares.
I>cpositors Are Safe.
"Concerning our investigation," said
President T. TL B. Varney to-night, "I
can only say that so far as we have gone
the books are all right, but we have taken
Heps to go to the end and everything will
be examined for ten years back and since
the trust went Into force. That must be
done for the protection of everybody.
While I cannot account for Mr. Pitcher's
suicide, I must confess that it has left
us In a -most embarrassing and uncom
fortable position. He was the executive
head of the bank and was most thorough
ly Informed as to Its affairs. So far as
our depositors are concerned they are
safe. The bank is solvent and there is 1
plenty of money now to meet all demands.
To-day's run was to be expected. But It
is all over now, I nope."
"I agree with Mr. Varney," said Attor
ney Wheeler, "in no far as the present
appect of the bank's books is concerned.
We found nothing irregular, so far as se
curities went. There will be a thorough
examination, I understand. I believe the
bank is In a safe condition."
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an In
quest In the Pitcher case to-morrow even-
Ing.
Stipulations were secured to-night from
all the attorneys In the Varney case, and
the books of the Livermore Bank will be
sent to I-ivermore to-morrow for the use
of the Bank Commissioners in making
their examination.
BANKER PITCHER
JILLS HIMSELF
Continued from First Page
TO CLOSE AMERICAN
EXHIBITS ON SUNDAY
Instructions Sent by President Mc-
Kinley to World's Fair Com
missioner Peck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— Unless Con
gresss should otherwise direct, the Amer
ican exhibits at the Paris Exposition will
not be open to the public on Sunday.
Through Secretary Hay President Mc-
Kinley has notified Commissioner General
Peck that the American buildings must
be closed on that day. This notification
was sent in response to an inquiry
cabled by Hr. Peck- The President also
directed Mr. Peck to have the work in
connection with the preparation of tha
American exhibits completed by next
Sunday.
Representative Levy of New York intro
duced In the House to-day a resolution re
questing the President to direct the com
missioner general of the Parts Exposition
to render a detailed account of his ex
penditures, amounting- to $201,945. account
ed by him. under the head of "miscel
laneous expenditures." and also to direct
the commissioner general not to Inter
fere with American exhibitors who desira
to exhibit on Sunday.
m
HaMlin Convicted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEDFORD, April 9.— The Jury in tho
case of A. J. Hamlln, who shot and
seriously wounded Ed Armstrong last
November, returned a verdict to-day of
guilty of assault with a dangerous
weapon, recommending the Imposing of a
fine as punishment. The court will pass
sentence next Thursday.
NEW YORK. April S.— Correspondence of the Associated
Press, dated London. March 31. states: The officer with
General Buller. who scathingly described the disaster at
Spicn Kop to-day, continues his remarkable series with
a denunciation as bitter as ever fell upon a general.
This week his article Is confined to a general review of the strat
egy, or rath»r lack of which preened the relief of La
<i>-sTn!t.h. and he includes a terrible indictment against the use
less sacrifice of the Irish Brigade, vhose gallantry excited so
much admiration in England. The officer writes:
Yes, LadyFmith ha? h<?en relieved at last. "We have been blunder
ing ai'-r.g the l!n*> of bJUa that fenn that northern bank of the Tugela
for many months, attempting to pets It at all sorts of Impossible
place a-.d suffering heavy !oss each, time. That Is an accurate descrip
tion of the ten v*ks' campaign on the Tugela. No one knew the
Frcund or took the trouble to learn it. As an example of this sublime
in<i:rrer«>r.ce General Duller was not aware that Hlangwanl Mountain,
vhirh commands the crosslr.g of the Tucela. was on the southern side
cf the river until he had failed in three different attempts. Vet he
lived for weeks wlth'.n tnree or four miles of the hill, and at the battle
cf Colenso his rifht flank extended beyond It. As to strategy there
was none, neither *r joU, bad nor indifferent. The troope were moved
aJrr.g and wl>«>n a hill or nn lntrenchment appeared In front they were
ordered try tak<» It. S-iniPtimes they failed, sometimes they succeeded;
pSoi when they „.-. succeeded after terrible loos the post was found
'ti be us^^fs end was abandoned. This is the blind folly In which we
have l*ev. rrsaged and which tr.cre through good luck than anything
f-\*e ha? eventually succeeded. But had not Lord Roberts* victory
drawn away a great part of the B<xr« for defecse of their own country
It would never have Fuc<*«»e<Jed and Ladysmlth would have fallen. Thus
¦n.-aken^i. 'he Boers had not force enough to occupy such a long de
fensive ;-c-siti ti and one by one the strong places fell Into our hands.
On Friday, February £3. General Hart waa ordered to send up the
Rangers, the Innlskililngs and the Dublin* along the line
cf th«» ra'.iroail to attack some low hills where the river turned again
to-srard the east. The cp^ration was most difficult and dangerous. Six
companies of the Inniskilllngs and two companies of the Connaught
Hangers formed the attacking ilnes; the remainder of the rangers and
half of the Dublins were in support; the reserve consisted of the other
half of the Dviblins. In this order the Irish Brigade recroesed the
rallw&y ar.3 becan the attack, coming at once under a severe crosg-flre
frcn: the hli'.s en the right and left. It wae euch tactical errors that
led to Eurh terrible loss of lif*. Some troops had indeed been sent to
?hp fell! on the left, but they wfre not ordered to push the attack and
they could not from their j^oeltlon.
Even en the northern slopes they merely acted as sentries to pre
rent our bpjr.g entirely cut off. Any one could see that it was madness
to Bend an attacking force upon the central hill, while the flanking hill
T-as tn^inW ar.'l the Boers thereon were left free to concentrate
their fire for its defense.
But st-jpid B9 was the srheme, the method adopted for its execu
ti-ri was even worse. General Hart placed himself on a neighboring
hl'l with a t^!escone and a bugler; h*> was completely cut of touch with
the attack, and could not «cc when a rest was necessary or when an
ettark could profitably tx pressed. These matters are felt only by the
officers on the spot, and It Is absolutely necessary to lea\-»; It to their
discretion. There he «tood. sounding at Intervals "the advance,"
then "the double" and then "the charge." When It appeared to him
that the attack was not proceeding rapidly enough to suit his ta»tfe.
the bug'.e rang out again In peremptory tones. Our artillery mean
while was shelling the trenches at the top of the hill, and kept down
the enemy's fire from that direction co that the advance line got
to within :¦» yards of what eeemed to them to be the top, and waited
for a moment to take breath, under cover of the steepness of the
Mil. Then the peneraTs bugler sounded the three calls, "advance,"
"double." "charge." The word wa* passed along the ranks; bayonets
•were fixed, and springing to their feet the men dashed forward with
a cheer. Not a shot vu fir-d by the enemy and the place seemed to
be deserted. The crest wu reached and passed and the triumph
feemes complete. But alas, tkat crest was a 'false one: there was a
plight dip behind, then another rise which constituted the real crest.
As the men advanced over the skyline and exposed themselves to full
view, the Boers suddenly stood up In their trenches and fired In quick
succession the flve rounds with which the Mausers were charged, at
a range of fifty yards. The effect was too terrible to describe. That
great rush of men, confident and erect as a great wave nearlng the
shore, was checked in a moment. There was a stagger forward and
then all that remained was a line of poor helpless human beings
struggling on the ground in agony. Some rose again, perhaps hot
knowing what they were doing, and fell, pierced in many instances
with a dozen bullets. Those who marvelously escaped the murderous
discharge could only lie with the others, hoping to escape observation;
the slightest movement of an arm or leg. whether it was the death
struggle of a wounded man cr the incautious attempt of one of the
lucky ones to get better cover behind a rock, drew a Bhower of
bullets, bringing certain death not only to the unfortunate man him
self, but to many who lay around him. Stillness was the only hope
of life. I will not anticipate the official returns, as the number of
killed and wounded have been differently stated, but I fear they are
very bad. I know that out of 100 men who charged with the two com
panies. Flxty fell, and that any escaped was due only to the uneven
neys of the ground In certain' spots, which concealed, .at the critical
moment, parts of the line. The loss of the Innlskllllnga wan stated
to be well over 400, out of 800 mustered that morning, but I believe
this to be an exaggeration; two companies were' left behind, only
about 500 men advancing to the attack and probably 400 took part in
the charge. I should think 200 should be nearer the mark. Five offi
cers only are left.
This disastrous charge took place about 5 o'clock, and there the un
fortunate lay, dead, wounded and sound, huddled together or scattered
just as they fell, covered by Boer rifles, "unable to move or look around.
The groans and cries of the wounded were terrible to listen to; some
cried for help, some murmured for water. Once or twice, moved by
pity, a sound man would try to get his wounded neighbor to the rear,
but he was shot instantly. What was felt during those terrible h«urs
I will not attempt to describe. The hill could not possibly have been
taken until Pieters Hill on the right rear came Into our possession
and until the enemy had been driven from the kloof and hill on the
left. Moveover. if It had been taken. It could not have been held, for
the summit was swept by crossfire and enfilade. In fact, the Irish bri
gade was only jiaved from annihilation or capture by the extraordinary
steadiness of the soldiers and because. the enemy's guns and a great
part of the fire had already been drawn. Nor would the position have
given ub any great tactical advantages. The Boers would still have
held the mountains from Grobe'.ers Kloof and Onderbrook to Pieters
Hill and their lines would have remained unbroken.
I come now to the saddest part of the story- The poor" wounded
men who have been struck down in the gallant charge remained where
they fell not only all Friday night, but during all the blazing heat
of Saturday, and evefc Saturday night passed without relief. Not a
drop of water In their feverish mouths; no food, no help, but a tropi
cal sun beat on their heads. Oh, the intolerable agonies that were
endured. If one heard that such a thing would happen in England to
a horse or dog one would shiver with pity, but here hundreds of gallant
Irishmen, who had fought as no other troops have fought in this war,
were left on the battlefield to endure a horrible death. Most of them!
of course, died. One of them, a very senior officer, whose name out
of pity I shall not mention, suffered so terribly that he begged those
near him to put him out of his pain. He died during the day, for no
help came.
I will not attempt to apportion the blame— if blame there may be.
General Hart was present till Saturday, and it seems to me that a
flag of truce should have been dispatched asking for leave to bring
In the wounded. The Boers have never yet refused such a demand,
and have, indeed, been singularly kind and considerate In all such
cases. There may have been unanswerable reasons against this, but
anyway no attempt was mnde and an explanation ought to be de
manded. On Sunday an armistice was asked for and obtained but
the necessity waa now more to bury the dead than to tender aid to
the wounded.
MRS. FENNELL MAY SEE
HER BOY EVERY DAY
Case Closed in Los Angeles to Be
Reopened in This City in a
Few Days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 9.— Holding In a
tight grasp the hand of his tiny son,
Theodore Marceau Jr., the colonel this
morning walked into Judge York's court
room to answer to the habeas corpus pro
ceedings for illegally keeping the baby
boy from his mother, Mrs. Amanda J.
Fiske-Marceau-Fennell.
After considerable sparring between
Senator White, who appeared for Mrs.
Fennell, and the attorneys for the de
fense. Judge York formally closed tho
matter as it developed that Colonel Mar
ceau has been ordered to produce the
child in Judge Troutt's court in San Fran
cisco on April 23, where the question of
disposition and award will be fully dis
cussed.
While the legal formalities covered a
few moments the contention that Mrs.
Fennell might see her child consumed
over an hour, exhausting the patience of
Judge York. Acting: upon the suggestion
of Marceau. who is endeavoring to hu
miliate his former wife, in order that she
may see her son an effort is being made
to force her to .go to the Hollenbeck,
where Marceau resides. As soon as Judge
York suggested the Nadeau, where the
mother has apartments, the cue was
taken and the Westminster proved the
compromise. For the first time In one
week Mrs. Fennell saw her boy- this after
noon for a brief fifteen minutes, but the
faithful maid was denied the pleasure.
Mrs. Fennell will visit her son every
afternoon at 3 o'clock for an hour. Mrs.
Fennell will not go to San Francisco until
after. April 20, the date set for the hear
ing of the kidnaping case.
Herman Marcuse Dead.
NEW YORK, April 10.— Herman Mar
cuse, formerly one of the best known
bankers in New York, is dead at Niedel
walluf-on-the-Rhine, Germany, aged 75
years.
Death of Commodore Mayo.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— Commodore
William K. Mayo, U. S. N., retired, died
at his home in this city last night, aged
76 years.
Artillery Crossing Klip Drift, Modder River.
IN MAKING THE FLANK MOVEMENT INTO THE ORANGE FREE STATE TOWARD BLOEMFONTEIN THE
SEVERAL BRITISH COLUMNS DID NOT ALL HAVE REGULAR WAGON ROADS OVER WHICH TO MOVE, BUT
AT TIMES STRUCK ACROSS THE VELDT. THIS RENDERED THE MOVEMENT OF THEIR ARTILLERY AND
WAGON TRAINS SLOW AND DIFFICULT. AND COST IN ALL NEARLY TEN THOUSAND HEAD OF STOCK,
WHICH. WEAKENED BY FEVER. DROPPED UNDER THE STRAIN AND WERE LEFT TO DIE. CROSSING THE
R.IET AND MODDER RIVERS AT FORDS USED ONLY FOR HORSES WAS ESPECIALLY TROUBLESOME FOR
LACK OF PROPER APPROACHES. THE ABOVE PICTURE. TAKEN FROM "THE SPHERE," SHOWS THE
METHOD OF GETTING THE GUNS DOWN THE STEEP BANKS AT KLIP DRIFT.
SAUSALITO, April 9.— The poolroom
faction has won out. The town
election held here to-day resulted
In the election of J. 8. Nunes, J. T.
Harmea and Dr. Crumpton for
Trustees. This virtually means a
vfctory for the poolrooms, for although
only one of the new Trustees (Nunea) Is
a poolroom supporter, the two holdover
members of the board. Adolph Sylva and
J. Thomas, are both advocates of a "wide
open" policy, and it was only necessary
for one of Sylva's two nominees to be
elected to assure victory for the poolroom
cohorts.
The reform ticket put forward by the
"hill" and Indorsed by the Good Govern
ment Club labored under a heavy disad
vantage owing to the fact that while but
one of the water front candidates need
be elected to assure the gambling faction
victory, all three of the reformers must
win out in order to gain a majority on
the Board of Trustees.
Although Sheriff Taylor had posted sev
eral deputies at the polls in anticipation
of trouble, the election passed off quiet
ly and the crowd which blocked the street
leading to the Town Hall, though mainly
composed of the much-maligned "water
front," maintained an excellent decorum.
The majority of, the "hill tribe" is en
gaged in business in San Francisco and
J. T. Harmes and a few challengers and
watchers were almost the sole reform rep
resentatives on the scene. Harmes hoped
early in the day that the Influx of hill
voters by the afternoon boats would turn
the tide in favor of the good government
faction, but his hopes failed of realiza
tion.
Old residents cay that this election has
roused more bitter party feeling than any
ever held In the town, both sides feeling
that the question involved of poolrooms
or no poolrooms must be decided once
arid for all at the polls to-day. "Jack"
Hannon, candidate for and incumbent of
the Marshalship, wrested the victory
from his opponent, John E. Creed. Frank
Lindsay is elected Clerk and Recorder,
his opponent being George Ryan, and J.
V. Silva wins the light for Treasurer over
A. Lawrence.
The 211 votes polled for Dr. H. J. Crump
ton show his popularity, the total num
ber of votes polled being 350. Hannon
beat Creed by 154 Votes, the former hav
ing 245. while Creed's was but 91. Law
rence was bested by GO votes, SUva hav
ing 195 in his favor.
The fight for Clerk between George T.
Ryan and F. D. Linsley was the closest
of the day, -Ryan polling 162, Linsley 175,
only beating him by 13. J. T. Harmes was
a bad second to Dr. Crumpton, with 177.
One hundred and seventy-two votes were
recorded to Nunes, while Dickinson and
Becker were out of the running with 154
and 162 votes, respectively.
At Pasadena.
PASADENA. April 9.— The municipal
election to-day resulted in the election of
W. S. Lacey (incumbent). Marshal;
James Campbell, Treasurer; Herman
Dyer (incumbent). Clerk; F. E. Twomb
ley, C. C. Reynolds and Matthew Slavin,
Trustees.
Lacey's re-election means enforcement
of the anti-saloon ordinance. Campbell is
a straight Republican, and the office he
gets costs very little work, the bank at
tending to all the treasury books In return
for the use of the city's money. Twom
bley, Reynolds and Slavin are firm busi
ness men, in line for the municipal owner
ship of\water. improved sewers and pub
lic parks. Herman Dyer has been Clerk
for three terms and had no opponent. The
opposing tickets were independent and So
cial Democratic. All the successful candi
dates except Lacey were Republicans.
Lacey was independent.
At San Luis Obispo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, April 9.— At the
city election to-day the following officers
were elected: Trustees. McD. R. Venable
and C. B. Hughston; City Clerk. George
W. Robblns; Treasurer, A. F. Fitzgerald;
City Marshal, W. G. Johnson. Judge
Venable received the highest vote of any
candidate and Hughston defeated Smith
Shaw. Venable and Shaw received the
indorsement of the Board of Trade. John
son defeated J. W. Cook for Marshal.
At Redwood City.
REDWOOD CITY. April 9.— At the mu
nicipal election to-day there were 368 votes
polled The fact that there was no con
test for many of the offices accounts for
the small vote. For Trustee James V.
Swift received 246; George West. 173;
George W. Winter. 246: E. M. Hanson. 187;
W W Beeson, 77. For Clerk, Daniel R.
Stafford received 258; for Marshal. John
Christ, 252. and Colon Stafford. 79: for
Treasurer L. P. Behrens. 249, and Philip
Princevalle, 95. The four Trustees receiv
ing the highest number of votes were
Special Dispatch to The CalL
elected. The name of W. W. Beeson was
not on the ticket, but was written in by
his friends against his protest.
At Bedding.
REDDING, April 9.— The municipal elec
tion to-day was hotly contested. Henry
Clineschmldt, William Welsh and J. T.
Rohm were elected Trustees by pluralities
of 83, 120 and 222 respectively. George M.
Fisher was re-elected Marshal by a ma
jority of 184. E. L. Bailey was elected
Treasurer by a majority of 14 over the
present Incumbent. Of the four candi
dates for City Cleric J. R. McDonald was
elected, with a plurality of 39.
At Pacific Grove.
-PACIFIC GROVE. April 9.— The city
election held here to-day resulted as fol
lows: C. K. Tuttle. O. H. Trimmer, B. A.
Earaley, elected Councilmen; E. C. Bui
fum and R. L. Holman tied for fourth
place In the Council. T. A. Work 'wm
elected City Treasurer, M. B. Norton City
Clerk and E. B. Rich City Marshal.
At Monterey.
MONTEREY, April 9.— The hottest mu
nicipal election ever known here was held
to-aay, there being fourteen candidates
for Councilmen. with only four to be
elected. The Councilmen elected were: *.
A. Botsch. S. E. Pardee, Sohaufele and
Ross C. Sargent. A. Gunsendorfer was
elected City Treasurer. W. E. Parker
City Clerk, D. Hernandez City Marshal.
At Antioch.
ANTIOCH, April 9.— The municipal
election was held here to-day. J. R.
Baker and W. S. George were elected
Trustees for the long term. R. H. Wall
was elected Clerk. G. Meyer Treasurer
and C. E. Sweeney Marshal.
At Selma.
SELMA, April 9.— The town election to
day was close. Messrs. Byrne, v ander
burg and Siurgess were elected Trustees,
Mr. Neff ClerK, Mr. Kline Marshal and
Mr. Snodgrass Treasurer. The contest
for Clerk was won by four votes.
At Sonoma.
SONOMA. April 9.— The regular munici
pal election was held here ¦ to-day, at
which the following officers were elected:
For Trustee, full term, G. H. Hotz and C.
Ciucci; City Clerk, Joseph B. Small; Mar
shal, James H. Albertson; Treasurer.
George H. H. Cornelius. The new board
is in favor of bonding the city for a water
system, and another election for that pur
pose may be called in the near future.
The anti-bonders made a hard tight and
came within flve votes of electing one
Trustee.
At Lakeport.
LAKEPORT, April 9.— The municipal
election held here to-day resulted as fol
lows: Trustees. E. Green, W. T. V» hit
ton and Sanford Bruton; Clerk, H. \ .
Keeling; Treasurer. Frank Howe: R. E.
Barry and J. E. Mitchell tied for Marshal.
There were two tickets in the field, Pro
hibition and Progressive, the latter being
successful.
At Healdsburg.
HEALDSBURG, April 9.— The city elec
tion passed off quietly. The non-partisan
candidates were elected as follows: Trus
tees. John Favour, J. T. Coffman, William
Betsgett; Treasurer, E. S. Rowland;
Marshal, J. C. Ingalls; Clerk, C. H. Pond.
At Watsonville.
WATSONVILLE. April 9.— Six hundred
and eighty votes were polled at the city
election to-day. M.\Cassin. J. J. King
and W. F. Palmtag were elected Trustees;
C. W. Bridgewater. Marshal; /N. B.
Cooper, Treasurer, and S. W. Coffman,
Clerk, by big majorities. The winning
ticket had the indorsement of the liquor
dealers' association and is a decided vic
tory for that bedy.
At San Mateo.
SAN MATEO. April 9.-The city election
held in this place to-day resulted as fol
lows- For members of the, Board of
Trustees. Duncan Hayne, James.Brown,
H H Taylor; Marshal. James H. Wal
lace; Clerk and Assessor. R. H. Jury;
Treasurer, John H. Doane.
At Los Gatos.
LOS GATOS. April 9.— The municipal
election passed off quietly, though several
of the offices were closely contested.
Those elected were: Trustees— D. C.
Crumey and James H. Lyndon for the
full term and C. M. Sullivan to nil the
unexpired term; Treasurer— Frank F.
Watklns; Clerk-George S. Walker; Mar
shal-E. E. Springer. Two of the Trus
tees elected are high-license men. so they
will have a majority in the Town Board.
At Calistoga.
CALISTOGA, April 9.— ln the municipal
election held to-day the following were
elected: Trustees— M. A. Maclean. A. D.
Roeer , -w Spiers, C. W. Armstrong:
Clerk-M. Murphy; 'Marshal-©. H. Nash;
On Ooe Occasion Hundreds of Wounded Men
Were Left oq the Field Nearly Two Days
to Suffer Terrible Torments.
SAUSALITO "HILL TRIBE"
DEFEATED BY "WATER FRONT"
Generally Cooceded as a Victory for the Poolroon)
Element — Elections fire Held in Maoy
Coast Towns.
BULLER'S BLUNDERS CAUSED
WANTON SLAUGHTER OF TROOPS
PADEREWSKI
NOT APPRECIATED
AT SACRAMENTO
Sale of Seats Is So Small
That He Cancels His
Engagement.
Manager of Theater Pleads Irenten
Season, but a Recent Minstrel
Show Was Well Pat
ronized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 9.— lgnace Pad
erewski, the pianist, who was to have ap
peared at the Clunle to-night, canceled
his engagement this afternoon and seat
purchasers have been given their money
back. Seventy-two seats were sold to par
lies living at such widely distributed
points as Lodl, Rocklln, Auburn, Blue
Canyon, Chlco, Fair Oaks, Vacaville, Lin
coln, Folsom, Dixon, Perkins and New
castle, and naturally these ticket-holders,
who had come to Sacramento expressly
to hear the recital, are very indignant.
The tirst impulse of the general public
this afternoon was to condemn the great
artist for his eleventh-hour action, but
judgment will be softened when the state
ment made by Manager Ficks of the Clu
nle ,to The Call correspondent to-night be
comes known that only nfty seats for the
performance, all told, had been sold to
residents of Sacramento.
This city boasts of one or two fashion
able musical clubs, whose members are
supposed to know the difference between
a rhapsody and a box of sardines, and it
is regarded as strange that not enough
Interest was felt in Paderewskl's advent
to insure a comfortable house for the fa
mous artist. When F. Marion Crawford,
the distinguished novelist, was here a tew
years ago, his lecture was given the com
plete overlook by the literarians who at
regular meetings sip tea and rave over the
latest fad.
The attention of Manager Ficks was
called to-night to the fact that it was
Lent, but the manager remarked that the
religious scruples of the theater-goer of
Sacramento did not stand in the way of
their packing the minstrel show last
week. Paderewski left for Oregon to
night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1900.
j^^^^^^^l Two styles— single-breasted sacks and double-breasted sacks. l^^^^^Pi
Bill HI)! A word from ths boys> de P artment - M'ddy sujts of blue cheviot ]|||l Rg|
Wai kHi w ith sailor collars; vestee and collar elegantly trimmed with soutache, Woq Msi
Kgj MWfj^^" iy c fi/f q/i out-of-town orders for clothing, hats and furnishings. Write to us for our j&*%
M illustrated Catalogue No. 2— it will help you in your ordering. Should you order clothing fi§r
wm we send you a self-measuring blank which assures you of getting a good fit Writs
. , -' T lB Market otneet*
3<T=P COMPARISON cf the dimensions
/j\ of the famous wrestler. Halt Adlai.
Jf &the "Sultan's Lion." and his
traircr aj.ii matiatrer, I). A. Me- ,
Millari. rJso a Doted man of the "mat."
ll h^r<»with given. McMillan is a bier :
athlete ar:d his size and weight wou'<5 !
:wm to lit him for th<* most trying kind j
of work, but compared with A<Uhl he is j
a mere pygmy. The Turkish wrestler is
ft veritable gianl, both in ¦ fize un<l
strength. : That he is capable <~-f usins
both to advantage in a wrestling contest
ha-i hif^i f-vlik-irrd hv !iis innurri<*r:ihif»
rJeterles over the best men in the busi
ness. I^ast night the big fellow pave an
¦xhlbitlon of his prowess on the mat at
the Olympic Athletic Club. Ills wonder
rul quickness and remarkable personality
Interested the members, who crowded
round the mat to pee him perform. Wres
tling Instructor Miehling was a babe In
his hands and such clever and strong
athletes as McCullough and Bayley and
Dthers. who tried conclusions with the
representative of the land of the star and
crescent, w^re but playthings in his tre
mendous grasp. Adlai illustrated his
THE SULTAN'S LION ROARS DEFIANCE TO WRESTLERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1900
" I am so grateful to you for your ad-
vice," says Mrs. Sidney B. Oakes, of
Wliitmell, Pittsylvania Co., Va. " When
I commenced your medicines I had been
treated by different doctors for three
months or more, but would only receive
partial relief £or a short while and then
would be worse than before. Was con-
fined to my bed most of -.the time. At
tiie time I commenced your treatment
my left side was completely paralyzed.
Had no desire to eat anything; bowels
costive all the time. Nerves were all
unstrung, so I could not bear the least
noise. I also suffered from diseased
ovaries and female weakness. But thanks
to my Maker and you, after following
your advice, I am able to do all my wash-
ing, sewing and house work in general.
I haven't had a spasm in two months.
Left off medicines about one month
ago. Didn't think it necessary to con-
tinue them longer. I have taken about
seven bottles of Dr. Picrce's Favorite
Prescription, seven of the 'Golden
Medical Discovery,* and two vials of
' Pleasant Pellets.' I heartily recommend
those medicines to all suffering as I was."
ADVERTISEMENTS
FIRST CHOICES
ALL LOSERS AT
TANFORAN PARK
Corrigan's Mare Sardonic
Set Back for Fouling
Tappan.
Hoinag'e Shows in Front at 10 to 1.
Arbaces Suffers a Return to
Form —De Blaise
Scores.
Reopening; day at Tanforan Park was
chara<:terizr-<l by the defeat of all six
favorites, the major portion being: of the
pipir.g hot order. Th«? fallen ones were:
Toah and Artena. coupk-d; Afghan, Con
stellator. Joe McGee, Sardonic and Miss
Rowena.
Sardonic, even money choice for the
mile ar.d a furlong run. met an untimely
fate through being: disqualified^ It looked
•is if Henry concluded to draw' a fino fin
ish, and when pressed by Tappan seventy
yards from the irtre drew his whip. The
mare swerved in and on Buchanan's claim
of a foul the winner was sot back and the
race given to Tappan.
dmwood stock farm's Constellator
seems unable to accomplish anything: at
short odds. An '.-yon money chance for
the mile and a sixteenth handicap, Henry
bad him under wraps part ol the way and
then Jinished third. In the stretch Kos.s,
on Arbaces. slid along from the rear,
beatinsr Dogtovrn in a trot.
Corrigan's pair. Toah and Artena. closed
favorite fnr th« iwo-year-old scramble,
but Jim M.irrran. astride Homage, upset
jnir.g? by landing the fllljr an easy winner.
The Bums & Waterhouse entry opened a
3to 1 chance, closing at 10 to 1. Toah fin
ished sewnd and Intrepido third.
Afghan, from the Corrtean barn, then
went to the pest a 13 to 20 favorite for the
fix furlong run following, and was unable
jo JinSsh inside the money. High ' Hoe.
vrtth ESnofl up and 4 to 1. led throughout.
In a close finish Mont&Uade got up in time
to snatch the place from Storm King by
a nose.
A wild plunge was made on Joe McGee
to win trip nillo selling run. the odds being
forced down fi<>m i to 5 to even money.
In front aftf-r hylf the routo had been
revered, the pood thinp was parsed in the
ptretoh by both My Gypsy and Expedient,
the firpt nam*'d filly winning pallopingr.
MSfs Rnwena. with 11? pounds up, en
deavored to po seven furlongs in the last
number, and made a dismal failure of it.
D« Hla=e soon had her head*^. winning
«« hf pleased. <Jold Baron ran a close
third.
To-Day's Entries
Tim raf*~ Four furlong? ;' maiden tm-o-year
old fillip; puree:
HAL! ADLfll, THE GIAINT ATHLETE, DISPLAYS HIS SIZE /\IND FIGURE AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB.
weak women
STRONG,
sick women
WELL.
VRPIERCE'S
Favorite
Prescription
Dr. Miles' Nervine has be'en before
the public a number of years and has
earned an enviable ; reputation by
its' many wonderful cures of nervous
diseases. It is perfectly harmless,
as it. contains no trace of opium,
morphine, chloral, cocaine or other
narcotics ,or poisonous drugs, and
may be taken by. the most delicate peo-
ple without fear of contracting the drug
habit. Neither does it contain alcohol
or other stimulating agents which build
up false hope for a time and then let
their victims' down to lower depths of
despondency. Dr. Miles' Nervine
strengthens weak nerves, rests ' tired
nerves, quiets irritated nerves and cures
diseased nerves. It is a brain and nerve
foodas well as a medicine and induces
rest and sleep -by soothing the weary
brain and assisting the . nerves to re-
gain their lost. vitality.. You run .;nb
risk in giving this great restorative a
trial, for all druggists are authorized
to, do any work and suffered so much
that she got into the habit of using
morphine to quiet her nerves. This con-
dition lasted nearly three years, and she
was almost a total wreck in body and
mind when a lady . told us about Dr.
Miles' Nervine and we began giving it
to her. A few bottles of this wonderful
remedy cured her of the morphine habit
and removed the trouble which had been
the cause of her suffering. Since then
she has been a well Woman.
"MR. AND MRS. JOHN A.
"The above statement regarding my
wife is strictly correct in every detail.
"LIZE TOPPING, McKinney,
Texas."
Dr. Miles' Nervine is sold at all drug-
gists on a positive guarantee. Write for
free advice and booklet to
¦ DR.' MILES' MEDICAL CO., Elk-
hart, Ind..
to sell the first bottle on a positive
guarantee that it benefits or money
will be refunded. Get a bottle to-day.
"I suffered fora numberof years from
spinal trouble and extreme nervous-
ness, my sleep was broken' night after
night by those dreadful spells of rest-
lessness, and it seemed, impossible for
me to get any relief at all except by the
use of powerful drugs. My physician
treated me, but to no avail, and at last
I began taking Dr. Miles' Nervine. I
got relief from the "very start, and in a
few months it had made me feel like a
different man in every way. I can
cheerfully recommend it to any one suf-
fering as I did.
'•"WM. MILLER, box 142, Dalton,
Mass."
"Some time ago our daughter, Mrs.
Elizabeth Topping, was so badly af-
flicted with nervous prostration thai she
nearly lost her mind. She was unable
Like Opium, Morphine, Chloral, etc., which ' Enslave and destroy
Are not Used in any Shape or Form in Com*
pounding the Great Restorative,
(ktj^. • -. • . "
NOT A SILVER MINER.
C. D. Lane Issues an Open Letter to
the Public .
LOS ANGELES, April 9.— C.- D. Lane,
chairman of the National Silver Commit
tee, who Is with the Bryan party In South
ern California, to-day gave to the Asso-
liHi'J. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900.
by H. H. Egbert
TANFORAX PARK. Monday, April 9. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
JOCKEY BADLY INJURED.
MEMPHIS. April 7.— As the horses
were at the post for the steeplechase to
day Jim Hogg fell on his side, injuring
Citrus Fruit Shipments.
LOS ANGELES. April 9.— The railroads
have prepared a statement showing that
11.000 cars of citrus fruits have been
shipped from Southern California this sea
son. There are still about 4000 cars of
oranges and 1000 of lemons to be shipped.
The Washington navels will all move be
fore the end of this week.
Shoe Sale, 775 Market Street.
The Boston Shoe Company will sell at
their opening to-morrow men's calf shoes
worth |3 for only $1 25 a pair. 775 Market.*
His Frisky Greyhounds.
W. Shearer, a veteran coursing man.
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of violating the park ordin
ance. He owns two valuable greyhounds
and has been in the habit of taking them
to the public parks and exercising them.
Saturday he had them in City Hall Park
and was exercising them by making them
jump over the cannon recently donated to
the city by General Shatter, when a po
liceman appeared and placed him under
arrest. He promised the Judge that he
would keep the dogs away from the parks
in future and the Judge dismissed the
case. ¦-:<¦'-:
BANDITS STILL AT LARGE.
Condemned Men Refused to Leave
' the Tombstone Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz.. April 9.— Further details
of the jail delivery at Tombstone. Ariz.,
in which the three Southern Pacific train
robbers escaped, shows that Deputy Sher
iff Braven was the only guard In the jail
with the twenty-four prisoners. The es
caped bandits each secured a Winchester
rifle and a six-shooter and are fitted for a
hard fight. The others of the prisoners re
fused to take advantage of the opportu
nity to escape. Among them were the
Halderman brothers, who are under sen
tence of death for the killing of Deputy
Sheriff Ainsworth. The Supreme Court
has just decided that they must suffer the
death penalty. They came to the assist
ance of the. wounded guard and did all
In their power for him. • . V
¦ Three other train robbers also remained
in the jail, although the opportunity of
escaping was open to them. Several strong
posses are on the trail.
REBEL ATTACK EXPECTED.
Colombian Revolutionists Threaten
the City of Savanilla.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, April 9.—Colom
bian advices just received here announce
thrft a rebel attack is momentarily ex
pected at Sa vanilla. It is added that the
place has been prepared for the expected
movement and that artillery has been
trained so as to command the harbor. At
Cartagena all is excitement in conse
quence of the rebel success and a large
body of Government troops has arrived
at Colon to strengthen the garrison there.
Safe Blown Open.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAYMOND, April 9.— A bold ' robbery
was committed here last night by expert
safe-crackers. The general merchandise
store of P. M. Bowen, opposite the rail
road depot, was entered and th» safe
blown open. A three-quarter inch hole
was bored over the combination and a
heavy^ charge of powder used. Although
bolts of cloth were piled around the safe
to deaden the report, the noise was heard
fully a quarter of a mile from the store.
This is the second robbery here within
three weeks, and the clever operators
have not left a clew for the officers to
work on. The amount taken could not
be ascertained.
It is hettcr for a girl to he fast asleep
than fast awake.
the well-known steeplechase jockey, C.
Johnson. The boy was taken from the
field on a stretcher and medical attend
ance summoned. The physicians do not
think he Is fatally hurt, but his Injuries
are serious. Results:
Five furlong?, selling— Bicor won, Castlne
reeond. Harry Vocum third. Time. 1:05.
Five furlongs— Hermoso won, Trladltza s>ec
ond. Himtlne third. Time, 1:03.
One mile, purse— Our .Nellie won. Larkspur
second Florizar third. Time. 1:44.
Four furlongs, rurse— SUverdale won. Sad
Sam second. Del March third. Time, ; :31.
One mile— The Lady won, Molo second. Hand
press third. Time. 1:43*4.
Steeplechase, full course, about two miles —
Cl-eesmlte won. Reno second. Jlmm Fogg third.
Time, 5:06.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— Results at
Bennings:
Five and' one-half furlongs— Golden Rattle
won. G. K. Wlghtman second. Lady Lindsay
third. Time, 1:10.
Four and one-half furlongs— Fake won. Al
bert Enrieht second. Jumper third. Time,
:E6 2-r..
Selling, seven furlongc— Posthaste won, Rob
ert Metcaif second. Owensboro third. Time,
1:31.
Selling, seven furlongs— General Mart Gary
won, Hrisk second, Diminutive third. Time,
1:29 3-5.
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth— Que^n of
Song won. Beau Ideal second, Jlaglc Light
third. Time. 1:53.
SUICIDE BOYLE
WROTE A CREED
ON A HILLTOP
Then Sent a Bullet Into His
Breast and Lay Down
to Die.
Told His Sister What He Thought of
the Prevailing Religions and
Went Calmly Into the
Unknown.
The body of the suicide found last Sun
day on a hilltop overlooking Glen Park
was identified at the Morgue yesterday as
that of James Boyle, who resided with
relatives at 505 Golden Gate avenue. His
unmarried sister, ¦ May Boyle; and George
Clifford of 44S Bartlett street called at the
Morgue and made the identification, com
plete. ' ¦ ; -af- . -
Miss Boyle said that-her brother "came
from .New York about three weeks ago
and secured employments at the Eureka
Laundry, where he worked for only half
a day, but left the house' every morning
as if going to work. He disappeared on
Saturday, March 31, and the police were
notified to look out for him. Miss Boyle
said that her brother was 22 years old and
was of a despondent temperament. The
inquest will be held this morning. •
On the body of the dead man was found
the following note neatly written in pencil
and addressed to his sister May:
God bless you, M .darling. May. he take
care of you and jruide you on through life.
I love you dearly because you are the best
and purest little girl in the world. Do not
worry over this act of mine, it is all for
the best. I have lost all interest in life; my
ambition can never be realized.
I have read the work«. or some of 'them, of
the foremost writers of to-day, and yesterday,
on the question of life and death, and have
studied whenever the opportunity presented
itself the ways and doings of the people whom
I have come in contact with. The vast army
of people are led by a number of teachers,
who Instruct them upon the important , ques
tion of here and the hereafter, each teacher
or minister claiming to be a disciple of Jesus
Christ, yet each denomination preaching a dif
ferent doctrine. I cannot understand how we
are to be held responsible for our doings here
when we (preachers Included) know no more
about the hereafter than a child unborn.
Heaven, it Is claimed, is an abode of per
fect bliss, the Inhabitants a class of perfection.
Does It seem reasonable that a being de
parted from this earth (even the most per
fect) could be in a state to enter iuch a place?
I bolleve there are more worlds than here
and what Is taught hereafter. I believe every
human being will one day enter heaven.
And I believe that we will have to go through
many worlds before we are in a state neces-
CRAMPS AND
CARNEGIE MAY
CONSOLIDATE
Steel Company Likely to
Acquire Control of the
Shipyards.
Would Then Be in a Position to Taks
Contracts of Unprecedented
Magnitude From th©
Government.
-———?——
NEW YORK. April 9.-The World to
morrow will say: Negotiations are In
progress for a combination of the gigantic
new Carnegie Company and the Cramp
shipbuilding concern. .
Among the most profitable branches or
activity in steel manufacturing Is the
making of armor plate for warships. The
Carnegie mills lead all others In this in
dustry- If the Carnegie company should
obtain control of, or a. strong, alliance
with, the greatest shipbuilding concern in
the United States it would be able to un
dertake contracts of unprecedented mag
nitude to build and armor warships for
the United States Government or for any
other power. .
With the power to issue bonds to the
extent of $160,000,000. the new Carnegie
company can easily acquire a big interest
in the Cramp company if the negotiators
come to terms. The Cramps capital is
$5,000,000 stock and $1,500,0U0 bonds. The
profits of the concern last year were
$707 83°
The"heads of the gTeat shipbuilding
house are not far from seventy years old.
New York steel men say that the Cramps
are not averse to an arrangement wnicn
will permit them to give up the arduous
labor of managing their gigantic shipyard.
NEW YORK, April 9.— A special to the
Tribune from Plttsburg says: The rumor
that a coalition was being arranged be
tween the Carnegie .and Cramps interests
has been quietly discussed here for some
time but not much weight was attached
to it' until to-day, when a man supposed
to be closely connected with Mr. Frick
and interested in the present Carnegie
company refused to deny or confirm the
report. '
style pursued In this country, the athletes
of Turkey are permitted to scratch, bite,
kick and kill their man in their efforts to
obtain a victory. Adlai says that when he
and Yousouf met in their last bout both
were covered with blJhod from head to
foot. Since his arrival in this country
Adlai has met and offered to meet the
best men in the business. On© night in
Denver he threw four men in less than
an hour and a half without any effort
whatever. He does not know his own
strength, and it is often feared he will
cripple an opponent who declines to foi-
Time— U. :2C;; H. :51: %. 1:17: mile. 1:42*.. Good rtart. Won easily. Fecond and third driv
ing. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. .f.. by Forester-My Gyp. Gypsy simply outfooted
her field. Too far for McGee. Ailenna had trouble with her speed. Scratched— Preatome
TOT, Burdock 103. Edpardo 90. Tekla 107. • ¦ . -,:- ,-,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
With this company are making money.
You may share in our earnings
If you Invest only
MIS PROTECTED
¥ FROM LOSS.
OO WILL. BRING
GOOD RETURNS.
UJj HAS FULL
IT E EARNING POWER.
X V Is SUBJECT TO
¦ I WITHDRAWAL.
Send to-day for our little book and par-
ticulars, free. Send to-day.
Sot American Security Co.
214 PINE STREET, a P.
Correspondents throughout South Amarlca.
Jra.l3.C6 Conducted under the
American and Ecro-
£_nd pean plans> anJ ' n a
manner that will sat- !
Isiy the most exacting
GFcHICI and P-rticular taste.
1400 rooms-Hjoo with
tt _. 1 baths.
Hotels I
Vg3SrcU2EaT«g Gle-t. 9p«r_iato??h*t
_s§s_7 In Ito 5 4»j_Vl w kites, annatar.l <i:2?
E[2lf Gau»nued f) eh_rg»n. or M 7 in_at-m*.
fl**»H »•» •» «rt-«_«. _T tion, |trrit_aon or iUcct-.
wmt-Hoa. tion of Btooiii a«2
g_VVHEEuH3 CHntfCU Co. *>r*ne_, N«-«__rt_«e_t.
VS_\ C! " OW * TI » O 'BR-I Sold by
. I ,
IS"
Weak Men and Women
SHOULDI'SE DAMUNA BITTER 3 THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
.trength to »cx-al organ-. Depot. SO M_rkel
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mattel
on Application.
COAL COKB AND PKJ I«OX
J.C WILSON & CO., rSJ^iJ^
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Eupt. h BLTTO v~
CW. SMITH,
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS BOYES& akg^*"*^™
PAPER DEALERS. ~*"~~~~-~*
WILLAMETTE PUL * *%?***** co..
"* Montgomery #t -
PKINTI.NA
F- C BUORES. ' Hl B »wtt
¦ Wl 8an»om» gc. 9. F.
£,-"_¦; STATIONER AND PRINTER.
™'<&T ie PARTRIDGE ¦»•<_*&?»
WHITE ASH STEAM COAI minkd bt a
sary to enter the dwelling place of an in
finitely Just and perfect God.
Far worse. Indeed, Is life than death.
When living thnu but die.
M , darling,, give my love and best wishes
to G .
G be good to M .
I will meet you both some day — so now
good-by.
TO M .
When you think of me. my darling.
Think of me as always nigh.
Praying for you.
Watching o'er you,
Until we meet on high.
M , I am going to mcct —
Mamma, darling.
We will watch o'er you together.
Good -by.
?:? Fapnza in* 959 Dobltlck 11l
IOIS Oirly Ducat ....103 10S2 Oarilee ?103
1032 Bavmsaa 10? 1057 Aphrodls t .103
lOSJ Ada N 107 1O."2 Too Hot 103
M.-.2 Imiwmente ...M^: SS3 Mprida 109
1057 Illusion*. 107 1037 Undergrowth "*W
Pirklow 115) irr.; Location 105
KHtJan.ro 113; 1052 Sacharold 11l
J*:* Sublime 103:
Sei-on.i raee-^Flve furlonßs; three-year-olds
and uj»; :iurse:
BM Pldail- 931 759 Theory lOC
10,-6 Harry Corby....lCi3| ms Ella Roland.... 94
icz% Itona S3, (*M)St. Caslmir 103
li>t. r . Mountebank ... PS fKM.ilAIas 94
aciDTru* Blue Ill} >S9 Lady Helolse -.101
.... John Dare 106|
Third rac«*— One mile; four-vcar-oUis and up;
s«Hlrc:
10"3 IV.natnr 107! mi 2 Lodestar 107
947. Morinel ids] J063 Poorlands 106
ltii Potente 112 ;*" Catastrorhe ...107
1054 Orion 107 SIS Jockey Bill ....107
1045t Opponrnt 107 IDS 3 Don Luis mi
OOSS) Lothian IC3 1042 Col. Root 107
956 Cromwell 110 1018 Socialist 107
Fourth race — Six furlonps; three-year-olds;
sellinE:
<10fC)Proolamat!on ..10fl|n031)Gusto 112
1-|.V> Kdfranio IC2 HUB Isallne 100
noso)Sir Hampton. ..loo:<lo26>Sirfel Y0u11n....1(2
H;3o Matt Hogan IC9! 5<Sl Silver Tall 108
710 Antiunetta ICC: 1065 Choteau 112
102$ Fernet 109, 10CJ Jolly Briton 102
10.-,O Maydlr.e 100' 1040 Burdoc 102
*7S Tizona ? 102
Fifth race— One and an eiehth miles; three
year-cMs up; imrse:
(IOSS)R(MriajU)t« Ki/Ulo4l)Flamora £9
(961)Chimura 39J 1049 Tom Calvert....lOs
S'.sth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up;
purse:
9CT, Resin 1 d Hughes f.Z\ 970 Fashion Plate. .lo3
¦ lii.-* Mu;cala<la 1071 10CC Henry C 105
i IOCS Grady 120 10.-.6 Ace 107
I'IS He Happy Wij 1013 Ftlle dOr SO
944 Joe Mupsle 110, 1067 Los Prietos 112
1(<67 El Artt 9S! 1024 Defiance 113
lf«s March Sevpn.... Sri IMI Croker 98
1061 Letiger 87]
Selections for To-Day.
hirst race— iiavas-Fa, Illusion, Sublime.
S*oor.d race— St. Caslmir, Ella Boland,
"heory.
Third race — Catastrophe, Potente, Opponent.
Fourth race — Proclamation, Fidel Youlln, Sli
er Toil.
Fifth race— Hoslnante, Chlmura, Flamora.
Sixth race— Croker, Fashion Plate, Reginald
lushes.
dated Press an open letter as follows:
Having noticed in the press dispatches of thi*
morning that I have been mentioned *".*
silver miner, who was accompanying J *r.
Bryan in his tour through the State of Cali
fornia. I wish to correct this statement by
saying- that I hay» not one dollar's worth of
interest in any silver mine on earth. But it
la true that I am a grold miner and am mining
for (told exclusively, in various places from
Mexico to Cape Nome In Alaska.
I am accompanying Mr. Bryan beeansa I an*
as much interested to-day in bimetallism as I
ever was. and because I feel such an un
bounded Interest in the principle* that he rep
resents. _
No One Lost With the Iranian
YOKOHAMA. April 9.— lt la now learned
that no fatalities attended the wrecking
of the British ship Iranian. Captain Watt,
from New York, November 23. for this
port, which has been lost on the Japanesa
coast.
15 in /..forearm 14 In.
9 in wrist 8% In.
252 lbs .weight 220 lbs.
32 years age 39 years.
life in the sinking of La Bourgogne
while returning home with the wealth he
had acquired in this country through his
ability as a wrestler, was defeated three
times by the "Sultan's lion," and a fourth
meeting resulted in a draw afteV four
hours and a half of combat. Unlike the
TWO GIANTS COMPARED.
- Adlai. Dimensions. McMillan. *
- 6.2 in.... height 6.2 in. -
- 21 in neck 16% In. ¦>
¦ 51 in chest 44M> in. -
- 42 in.. waist 38 in. -
- 31% In thigh 26% in. -
- 19% in calf .17% in. -
» 17. raised- 20.. .biceps 15% -
low the line of least resistance.
On Sunday next the Graeco-Tnrklsh war
will be enacted over again in the quiet
city of Oakland. The "Sultan's Lion" la
to give battle to Photi3 Vrettos, the "Aw
ful Greek." champion of the Pacific Coast.
The latter weighs 340 pounds and la said
to be a giant in strength. The men aro
to wrestle catch as catch can. best three
in five falls, for a purse of $COO. On tho
evening of the SOth Joe Acton, the local
champion, will be pitted against the visi
tor by the Columbia Athletic Club.
"Jail" and "bear" holds on his opponents
and after securing them was able to lie
on his side or stomach and rest, much to
the discomfiture of the man beneath him.
In his bcut with McMillan he made that
big fellow's shoulders touch the mat with
incredible ease.
Adlai's ancestors were noted wrestlers.
His father and grandfather were cham
pions of Turkey in their chosen sport and
Adlai has continued the family's fame by
defeating the mightiest men of his native
country and of the United States. You
souf, the "Terrible Turk," who lost his
Time— %. :U; %, :37; %. 1:02; %, I:2S\J. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner. J. S. Rothert's ch.,hj. by Perblajse-Devotee. When the. favorite 'quit,. It- was easy
for De Blaise. Others poor consignment. Scratched— Grady 132. .• v.y . > ¦
Time— U. :24*i; \i, :49. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, Burns
& Waterhouse's eh. f., by Take Notlce-Hoolou. Homage is one of the improving sort.
Toah FtumMed on s=tretch turn. Intrepido should have been second. Moonbright plow to
Eft tnovine. Phil Archibald away poorly; is fast. 'Coupled with Toah.
KM,::. FECOXD RACE— Six furlongs; Felling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— »». :24; %, :48>i; %. 1:13>4. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, O. P. Ro
migh's b. m.. by Himvar-Janet. High Hoe in Kood form. Storm Kins should have been
s^oond^AfEhan considerable of a dog. Scratched— Yule 100, Lodestar 102, Torslna 100.
KMM. THIRD RACE— One mil* and a sixteenth; handicap; four- year-olds and up; purse, $400,
Time— l-Ifi. :06H: 5-16. :32; 9-16. :5C»4; 13-lfi. 1:224; mile, 1:41%; 1 l-16m, . 1:48. Good start.
Won eauily. second and thira driving. Winner. A. J. Stemler & Co.'s b. h., by Red Iron-
Ul>' Wricht. Arbacen showed considerable improvement. Henry, on" the favorite,- lost all
the cround Dossibl*. and in disgust the colt quit under him.' Plaid no speed. Formero
¦ <juit. Soralrhed— Chimura 10S, Anchored 93.
lour.. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
HMlii. FIFTH RACE— One mile and an. eighth; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400,
Tlme~',i. :1«: %. :53?4; %, 1:05; %. 130%; mil*.. 1:43V 4 : l%m, 1:56%. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. m., by Morello-lmp. Sardonyx. Sardonic was best, but
swerved in on Tappan last few yards. Castake ran a good race. •Disqualified for fouling
and nlared last.
lllli'. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, J4OO.
4
Ho;
I
Weight Ist
_J/i
V*
%
Sti\
Fin. I Jockey.
I Betting.
IQp. Cl.
io
Tit
la
in
•li;
in
.11
Io
:nag<
th ..
repit
inbr
Iratt
! Ai
er.a
lie T
rant
c
lo
if
tv
re
•i;
Kht
J.- .
;-hil
KB!-
)e .
t ¦
ha
s .
Hi
l"(>7 2
107 4
107 5
107 3
107 7
1 110 9
107 8
107 6
.......107 1
3 M
4 1
2 2
6 h i
7 3
9
8 1
5 M
I h
1 H
3 1
2 Mi
¦ 4 '4
5 1
7 1
9
5 «i
6 U
1 1% IMorgan
2 1 Henry ••••'
3 n Logue
4 h Ames ¦
5 % • I. Powell I
6 1 Macklin
7 1 Bonner
& 1 Buchanan
9 |He!nson
3 10
2 3
5 10
. 3 4
3 f.
. 10 30
'. 3 4
. 10 10
iex.__Horse.__A ge. Wei
>lght.|St.
U_
_J4_
_%
Str.
Fin.
1 Jockey. |Op. Cl.
C 2 HiKh Hoe. 5
12) llomallado. a
.'is Storm King. 6
72 AfKhan, 5
SI Casdale. 4
30 Vterp, 4
43) Poorlands, 4
IS Kosalbra. C
42 Mflkarth, 5
<2 I>uke of York 11.
r<6 Mik» Hice. a
...¦"1021 2
...102 7
...105 1
...107 4
...1f.5 3
... S7i 5
... }»fl 6
...105 8
...102 10
6.106! 9
...ios;n
4 2
3
4 2
6 1
7h
b 5
10 5
» 2
11
1 2
4 h
2 1
3 1
5 2
6 4
8 5
7 4
9 12
10 2
11
1 1
2 na
3 3
4 2
5 1
6 5
7 4
S
9 1
10 5
• 11
Enos 4 4
Buchanan .... 6 ' 8
E. Rosa.. 5 S
Henry 4-5 13-20
Ames 7 15
Bassinger 30 10}
J. Dary. 30 100
Morgan 20 40
Ranch 100 150
J. Woods M 0 200
Golden 50 150
Horse. Age.
VVeljfl
rht.l^L_
% '
H -
%
Str. .
Fin.
| Jockey. |Op.
Cl.
MS Ai
KU I>c
•4«) Co
331 > R*
r.s Sc
w Fc
rbao«-s, 5 ..
optown. 5 .
onptellator,
apido, a ...
SOtCb Plaid,
ormero, 4 .
3
.10S 6
.102 5
.100 1\
. P7i'2
.1121 3
-MS I 4 .
6
1 2
3 2
S 5 "*
4 1
i Vt
A
3 1
2 2
3 3-
4 h
l M
5^
3 1
lh
4 1
6
2 h
3 %
1 h
4 h
6
5 2
1 2
2 1
3 1
4 '-4
5 1
6 ¦
E. R0b5........ 4
1. Towell 12
• Henry 1
• H. Stuart 30
H. Shields..... 4
Buchanan .... 4
9-2
IS
1
50)
8
7-2
dcx. Horse. M
i 33 My Gypsy
SI Expedient •.
IM) Joe McGee
61 Ailenna
03 Choteau
CJ Mont Eatcle ....
40 Jolly l^riton
'26 Mf»rch Seven....
33 Sunello
Velght.lSt^
:m (
, 102 6
104 4
105 1
107 2
I'M 7 I
..... PS 9
97 3
106 8'
o
_y*
4 h
7 4
6 2
32
5 h
8 4
9
. 1 h
2 Vz
r>3
3 1
4 h
7 5
8 3
9
2 h
1 h
_%
2 2
4 2
1 h
6 8
7 5
9
.8 4
5 h
3 h
12
3 4
2 h
4 4
7 4
8 1
9
5 h
6 h
Fln^
1 2
2 l k
3 6
4 6
62
6 >,4
7 h-
8 6
9
I Jockey. |Op.
Ranch ........ 2
Enoa 6
Henry ......... S-5
Ames ......... 5
E. R055........ 10
Mounce- 50
W. 5ee........ "60
Banslnßer .... 60
J. W00d5...... 8
CI.
5-5
1
i
3C
3C
10C
100
¦ 20
d*-x. Hnr»f. A)
337 Sardonic, 5
">"> Tappan. 6
i'.S Castake. 5
*S4, Einstein, 5
f
Ight.jSt.
...106 3
?.10S 2
...108 1
...108 4
"I
M
- 3 %
2 1
4
12
H
3 n
2 1
4
1 1*
2 I
3 %
1 1
Str.
1 H
3 2
2 h
4
Fin.
•1 Vi
2 2
' 3 n
4
I Jockey. [Op. C).
Henry ...: 4-5 1
Buchanan .... 7-5 8-5
Ames ......... S 8
Basslnger '.'... 20 40
rue'x. Home. Age. Welght-lSt.
1051 Dp Blaise. 4 121 4
1061 Miss Rowena, 5 119 1
1051 Gold Baron, 4 US 7
t.52 Romany. 4 ..........121 3 i
10*4 Los Prletos. 5 IUS 9-.
1041 hllrs Soak, 5 ...119 s=.
1010 Formatus. 3 . . .4... .107(10
TO9 Billy McCloskey, a.132>12'
IC7 Attlcus. S ;..121 8
I<>43 Flambeauette, a ...119 2,-
963 Giocoso, 3 ...'...107 6
662 El Arte, 3 + ....AU 11 -
V*
2 3
1 2
"62
. 9 h
'¦1 3 ,
10 H
'12
11
: 4 h :
6 h
» 1
hi
22
12
3 5
6 2
7 14
. 8 2
9
11
12
¦ 6 2
¦ 4 H
10 1
%
144
24
3 4
5 1
6 1
7 1
9 2
B '%
11 . ,
10 1
12 -
Str.
Fin. I ' Jockey. • |Op. Cl.
1 5 Henry .. — ...1 3 11-5
2»4 H. Shields..... 3-5 4.5
34. Macklln ...... 15 30
44 "¦ Enos .... .. 10 25
5 4 Helnson ...... 6 : 20
6Vi J. Da1y........ : c ;j
7 1 Bozeman- ..... 10 10
8 2 Golden ........ .60 150
9 J. -W00d5...... GO ¦ 290
10 >?'.; Ames ?..;..... ;50 J5O
*11 E. R055........ 30' 25
12 ¦¦¦ > Morgan . . . .*¦ . . | 60 ',¦ 200
dcx. Horse. M
i 33 My Gypsy
SI Expedient •.
IM) Joe McGee
61 Ailenna
03 Choteau
CJ Mont Eatcle ....
40 Jolly l^riton
'26 Mf»rch Seven....
33 Sunello
Velght.lSt^
:m (
, 102 6
104 4
105 1
107 2
I'M 7 I
..... PS 9
97 3
106 8'
o
_y*
4 h
7 4
6 2
32
5 h
8 4
9
. 1 h
2 Vz
r>3
3 1
4 h
7 5
8 3
9
2 h
1 h
_%
2 2
4 2
1 h
6 8
7 5
9
.8 4
5 h
3 h
12
3 4
2 h
4 4
7 4
8 1
9
5 h
6 h
Fln^
1 2
2 l k
3 6
4 6
62
6 >,4
7 h-
8 6
9
I Jockey. |Op.
Ranch ........ 2
Enoa 6
Henry ......... S-5
Ames ......... 5
E. R055........ 10
Mounce- 50
W. 5ee........ "60
Banslnßer .... 60
J. W00d5...... 8
CI.
5-5
1
i
3C
3C
10C
100
¦ 20
Ho;
I
Weight Ist
_J/i
V*
%
Sti\
Fin. I Jockey.
I Betting.
IQp. Cl.
io
Tit
la
in
•li;
in
.11
Io
:nag<
th ..
repit
inbr
Iratt
! Ai
er.a
lie T
rant
c
lo
if
tv
re
•i;
Kht
J.- .
;-hil
KB!-
)e .
t ¦
ha
s .
Hi
l"(>7 2
107 4
107 5
107 3
107 7
1 110 9
107 8
107 6
.......107 1
3 M
4 1
2 2
6 h i
7 3
9
8 1
5 M
I h
1 H
3 1
2 Mi
¦ 4 '4
5 1
7 1
9
5 «i
6 U
1 1% IMorgan
2 1 Henry ••••'
3 n Logue
4 h Ames ¦
5 % • I. Powell I
6 1 Macklin
7 1 Bonner
& 1 Buchanan
9 |He!nson
3 10
2 3
5 10
. 3 4
3 f.
. 10 30
'. 3 4
. 10 10
iex.__Horse.__A ge. Wei
>lght.|St.
U_
_J4_
_%
Str.
Fin.
1 Jockey. |Op. Cl.
C 2 HiKh Hoe. 5
12) llomallado. a
.'is Storm King. 6
72 AfKhan, 5
SI Casdale. 4
30 Vterp, 4
43) Poorlands, 4
IS Kosalbra. C
42 Mflkarth, 5
<2 I>uke of York 11.
r<6 Mik» Hice. a
...¦"1021 2
...102 7
...105 1
...107 4
...1f.5 3
... S7i 5
... }»fl 6
...105 8
...102 10
6.106! 9
...ios;n
4 2
3
4 2
6 1
7h
b 5
10 5
» 2
11
1 2
4 h
2 1
3 1
5 2
6 4
8 5
7 4
9 12
10 2
11
1 1
2 na
3 3
4 2
5 1
6 5
7 4
S
9 1
10 5
• 11
Enos 4 4
Buchanan .... 6 ' 8
E. Rosa.. 5 S
Henry 4-5 13-20
Ames 7 15
Bassinger 30 10}
J. Dary. 30 100
Morgan 20 40
Ranch 100 150
J. Woods M 0 200
Golden 50 150
Horse. Age.
VVeljfl
rht.l^L_
% '
H -
%
Str. .
Fin.
| Jockey. |Op.
Cl.
MS Ai
KU I>c
•4«) Co
331 > R*
r.s Sc
w Fc
rbao«-s, 5 ..
optown. 5 .
onptellator,
apido, a ...
SOtCb Plaid,
ormero, 4 .
3
.10S 6
.102 5
.100 1\
. P7i'2
.1121 3
-MS I 4 .
6
1 2
3 2
S 5 "*
4 1
i Vt
A
3 1
2 2
3 3-
4 h
l M
5^
3 1
lh
4 1
6
2 h
3 %
1 h
4 h
6
5 2
1 2
2 1
3 1
4 '-4
5 1
6 ¦
E. R0b5........ 4
1. Towell 12
• Henry 1
• H. Stuart 30
H. Shields..... 4
Buchanan .... 4
9-2
IS
1
50)
8
7-2
d*-x. Hnr»f. A)
337 Sardonic, 5
">"> Tappan. 6
i'.S Castake. 5
*S4, Einstein, 5
f
Ight.jSt.
...106 3
?.10S 2
...108 1
...108 4
"I
M
- 3 %
2 1
4
12
H
3 n
2 1
4
1 1*
2 I
3 %
1 1
Str.
1 H
3 2
2 h
4
Fin.
•1 Vi
2 2
' 3 n
4
I Jockey. [Op. C).
Henry ...: 4-5 1
Buchanan .... 7-5 8-5
Ames ......... S 8
Basslnger '.'... 20 40
rue'x. Home. Age. Welght-lSt.
1051 Dp Blaise. 4 121 4
1061 Miss Rowena, 5 119 1
1051 Gold Baron, 4 US 7
t.52 Romany. 4 ..........121 3 i
10*4 Los Prletos. 5 IUS 9-.
1041 hllrs Soak, 5 ...119 s=.
1010 Formatus. 3 . . .4... .107(10
TO9 Billy McCloskey, a.132>12'
IC7 Attlcus. S ;..121 8
I<>43 Flambeauette, a ...119 2,-
963 Giocoso, 3 ...'...107 6
662 El Arte, 3 + ....AU 11 -
V*
2 3
1 2
"62
. 9 h
'¦1 3 ,
10 H
'12
11
: 4 h :
6 h
» 1
hi
22
12
3 5
6 2
7 14
. 8 2
9
11
12
¦ 6 2
¦ 4 H
10 1
%
144
24
3 4
5 1
6 1
7 1
9 2
B '%
11 . ,
10 1
12 -
Str.
Fin. I ' Jockey. • |Op. Cl.
1 5 Henry .. — ...1 3 11-5
2»4 H. Shields..... 3-5 4.5
34. Macklln ...... 15 30
44 "¦ Enos .... .. 10 25
5 4 Helnson ...... 6 : 20
6Vi J. Da1y........ : c ;j
7 1 Bozeman- ..... 10 10
8 2 Golden ........ .60 150
9 J. -W00d5...... GO ¦ 290
10 >?'.; Ames ?..;..... ;50 J5O
*11 E. R055........ 30' 25
12 ¦¦¦ > Morgan . . . .*¦ . . | 60 ',¦ 200visit DR- JORDAN'S great j
MUSEUM GF\ ANATOMY^
£ft i:ei visa; ss. ut. s-nrx s.r.ca 4
qt The Larrwt Anatomical Muteum ta ihe \
'ir^-L. World. Mr ei«ne»«.r t or any contracted 4
figHk dae»e i»*"»HI»«-lj'r»re<lti r Ifte oldsu T
, JgHI Speculistra ike Coati. Eir.jSyoai> &
J«F I OS- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4$
• tJVJTha Co^«u!t»tion frr»> »nd strictly pri-rate \
I ySrAf m Trtument personally or by lett*r. A m
fl ]/^| ¦'*«•'»• tW«lae»eryea»« undertaken. \
mn lift Wmcrorßnk.PaiLOSOrßTtli
I / T H4MBMCK, MAILED nil. i.\f
Q y, nimble book for mm) \
OK JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market gt..& F. f
'& -» c\ °f7« 81e«pJ«Maesa, etc.. caaael t>7 u*ar-
¦~ .Tl work and Iwtiacntiotu. They f«lfil*
S «a7SO •*•«• »«*•** V rastor* Lost Vitality la old
A W v-«T or roanx. and tit a ta»a ter •tocr. bosi*
M <ff s -**^i. nwa or plefiaar*. Prvrent TiMTiltjanri
¦js^ixaCs"Coa*=:nption it t-Utea la time. *ni»(r
an shows i m m«diat« In pnxvameiis aad effect* uuuS
wh«rw all otaen fall. Insist rii-oa hatiac taeirenaia*
Ajftx Tablets. They boto carsd thousand* and will
earfl joa. W« gin a poaitiT* written gnanuitev to at*
fact a enr* la each eas« or refoad th* ctoner. Price
Cflnte per paeka^is or sit package* Jfolt tr«at>
UWblSt mentj for $3.50 bTiasil.la plain wrecker,
apon receipt otpric*. Ctrcaiarsfre*.
ajax revieoy co.. q&ggyay.
For sale tn 8. F. by L*lpalts A Co.. Mo Por.
etnUft Druz Co.. Owl Uru« Co.. 3. £'.. OtkTO,
FEMALE WEAKNESS
Carsd bj Thit Grand Elsstrieil A jplitsw.
it. McLanghlin's Belt trj§l-S^t rj§I-S^
This is worn ov;r tn: n^rvs cen-
ter and sends its heaiins: power (¦ss& x^*^'>
througn thi system, thereby driv- j£\^~
mc cut disease. AW metnoJ of thus '^E^ i^SV^SfV
applying electricity is the on; sure " . - *£?*
remedy for woman's pains and I *^ jftt
weakn:ss. N:v;r dose yourself \ «<gr * /&^?K
with drugs. Pi of. Jas. Joanson, \-~ -^J&Z?^
M.D., of London, has saiJ: "If vZS^" VCT^
there were no dru^s there would be j r= "^V-~s2|i^^/ > *-*- 1 —
less disease and less mortality. " -_^sn
Whystarv; your vitality? Ny y^>j!/S^^^^^\
ture meant you to be stron?. M/ ,^^Pv*^> ' Mr^^^^^^^^
system of curative electricity is th: &%?/'/..{
safest an i most complete invigorant f'"*'* * n'ftotLzJx^Bs&fJgrZ^z>
you can apply. k gives you energy
anJ buoyancy. Instead of pain or miserable weakness you acquire a strong,
healthy body, full cf ntw life and fortifi;d against sickness. My electrodes
are cushion covered and do not burn * — ~ ;; — — ~ — ' — — — — ; 0
the «kin Female Pains and Weakness.
Wri efor my new book, "Woman rin^^^i.A^cii^^^r-
as MaiJen, Wife, Motrur. It IS After usinff your Belt treatment as dl-
sent free rect»d. I find a sreat Improvement In my
' condition and honestly would not pnrt
Dr» IYT A MflLauiynlin wltl> rour Belt for * ny p rlce - Thanking
X/l. IU. A. IUI/IidUgUUU, you for your treatment and prompt at-,
702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F-. and tention. 1 am. gratefully yours,
cor. Spring and Second. Los Angeles. MINNIE SWAN.
Lafayette Square Suits Resuscitated.
The old suits against the cit.y for the
possession of Lafayette square have been
resuscitated in the United States Circuit
Native Daughters in Drama.
Fifteen of the members of Alta and
Buena Vlata Parlors of the Native Daugh
ters will on the evening of the 20th inst,
appear in a drama entitled "Rebekah's
Triumph," in Native Sons' Hall. The
principal characters will be presented by
Miss MolUe T. Long. Miss Mamie Rlch
ter. Mrs. A. J. Simpson, Mrs. M. French
and Mrs. C. S. Baker.
A notable compliment to President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the University of
California was the issue of the recent vot
ing contest for membership in an "Ameri
can Academy of Immortals," recently con
ducted by Literary Life, a New York pe
riodical. During the three months' contin
uation of the contest 45.1 ballots were caat.
Four educators were declared worthy of
membership by the voters. Of these An
drew D. White, formerly president of Cor
nell University and now Embassador to
Germany, received the largest number of
votes. Benjamin Ide Wheeler the second
largest and President Charles W. Eliot of
Harvard and President Arthur T. Hadley
of Yale were third and fourth, respect
ively.
FATHER TAKES
THE LAW INTO
HIS OWN HANDS
William F. Watson Beaten
by George T. West on
the Street.
Latter Declares His Son-in-Law Has
ni-Treated His Daughter ~ :
and Must Mend His
Way.
Oak'end Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 9.
William F. Watson of Alameda is hav
lr.g lots of trouble with his wives. His
first wife is trying to force him to pay her
aUrcor.y. and this morning the father of
his second wife met him in front of the
Courthouse and proceeded to mix things
with him in a most discouraging way.
Watson's divorce affairs have been pa
raded in the courts and the newspapers
frequently during the last two years. He
separated from his first wife, who has
even ser.t him to jail for refusing to pay
her alimony, ard he then married the
Etepdausfcter cf George T. West of this
city.
West considers that he has a legitimate
grievance- against Watson, and having
watched the failure of the court to compel
Watson to ray alimony to his first
•wife, he decided that he would take the
eettlement of his grievance into his own
hands, which he did this morning, to the
disarrangement of Watson's costume and
the disfigurement of Watson's face. The
two were eeparated by Deputy Sheriff
Striker, and Watson continued to struggle
with the court In his successful refusal to
pay his first wife her alimony.
West's disagreement with his son-in-law
Is over Watson's treatment of West's
daughter. West claims that Watson is
trying to alienate her affections from her
parents, that he Is 111 treating her and
that he even locks her up so that she can
rot visit her parents.
"I don't want you to keep dragging my
daughter into notoriety, and I want you
to protect her ar.d not ill treat her," de
rlared West when the two met this morn
ing.
Watson tried to protest his innocence of
any wrong doing, but his protestations did
Dot seem to allay West's wrath.
"You have got to stop your ill treatment
rf her." he repeated, and then his feelings
pot the better cf him and there was a
mix-up.
¦It he don't treat his wife right I'll
make him," is ail that West will say of
the occurrence.
MAGUIRE WOULD HAVE A HALF FARE,
FOR MEN WHO STAND IN STREET CARS
SUPERVISOR MAGUIRE Introduced an ordinance at yesterday's meet- •
Ing of the board which is specially designed to regulate street rail- i
roads within the city and county, , besides establishing fares and in •
certain cases reducing fares and charges for the transportation of J
passengers. thereon. Among other things the order makes a half-fare rate '
for all passengers who are compelled to stand up In street cars. Maguire J
states that the express purpose of his ordinance, which was referred to the .
Street Committee, is to compel the street railroads to operate more cars and ,
in other ways to cater to the comfort of the public The ordinance in the <
main reads as follows: ¦¦ - 7 .
Section L All persons, firms and corporations operating street railroads within the J
city and county of San Francisco must, for the purpose of allowing passengers to alight *
: from and board their cars, stop their cars at any point or place along the line of the j
railroad upon a signal or request from passengers, provided, however, no car shall be !
required to stop within the lines of intersecting streets or at any place where the
grade of or curve in the road would render it dangerous or impracticable to stop the '
car. ;.
Sec. 2. The maximum fare for the transportation of each sitting passenger for one (
continuous trip along the line of any one street railroad and Its connecting and Inter- .
sectlng lines shall be and the same Is hereby fixed at five (5) cents. ¦ (
Sec. 3. The maximum fare for the transportation of a standing passenger for on« .
contlnous trip along the line of any one railroad and Its connecting and intersecting (
lines, where the passenger is required to stand during any portion of the trip in the .
car which he first boards, by reason of the crowded condition of the car, shall be and (
the same is hereby fixed at two and one-half (2%) cents. •
Sec 4. Where one street-car line Intersects another line operated by the same (
owner, or passes a terminus of another line operated by the same owner, a passenger •
for the purpose of making a continuous trip shall be entitled to receive and shall re- (
ceive a transfer check, without any additional fare or charge, which shall be good •
for passage in the car of either of said lines. • (
Section Sw All street railroad companies shall keep for sale and sell on their cars to *
passengers in lots of not less than two nor more than ten tickets to be known as "no- (
seat tickets," the price of which Is hereby fixed at two and one-half (2,4) cents. Said •
"no-seat" tickets shall be good for one continuous trip for the passenger who Is <
obliged to stand, by reason of the crowded condition of the car which he first boards, *
and shall entitle said passenger taking the same to transfer upon connecting and Inter- <
sectlng lines for the purpose of enabling him to make said continuous trip, provided, *
however, a " "no-seat" ticket shall not be accepted as a single fare from any passenger '
who is not obliged to stand by reason of the crowded condition of the car at the time *
he boards the Bame. *
Sec. 7. In all cases where owners of street railroads within the city and county of !
San Francisco now transfer passengers to railroads operated by different owners, they *
shall and they are hereby required to continue to so transfer passengers to other *
railroads, and eald other railroads are compelled to receive said transferred passengers '
without any additional fare or charge. \
Any violation of the ordinance is punishable by a flne of $500 or by im- •
prisonment for six months or both. (
mission to sprinkle the bituminous pavements
of the city for a period of thirty days.
The Board of Public Works was asked for its
opinion as to what action should be taken by
the city in preserving the natural features of
Telegraph HIM and whether the excavations
now going on there will work an Injury to the
old landmark and to Pioneer Park situated
thereon and will the modification of the grades
be expedient.
The Police Court Judges were notified of the
larre increase in the claims of the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society, and were requested to ex
ercise their best discretion with the commit
ments to the Institution.
The Independent Special Messenger Service
was granted permission to erect and maintain
overhead wires not exceeding eiKht in the dis
trict bounded by Montgomery. Stockton. Market
and California streets, the work to be done un
der the supervision of the chief of the Depart
ment of Electricity.
An invitation to the board to attend the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club's festival at its park in
San Rafael next Sunday was accepted. I
The ordinance flxine the Incandescent electric
llrht rate at 12 cents per 1000 watt hours was
finally passed.
The resolution giving the Chinese Consul per
mission to decorate the streets of the city for
the Oriental celebration. "Feast of th*
Dragons," was finally passed. The resolution
states that althounh it is found advisable to
frrant the privilege, such action does not alter
the board's opposition to Chinese Immigration.
The Mayor announced that he had tUned the
ordinance fixing the license on peddlers at $6
per quarter. He said that he had done so on
the representation of the Tax Collector and the
Peddlers' Association that the revenue would
be greater than It was under the former rate
of $10. and that the granting of free Hncenses
would be restricted.
A resolution was adopted directing the Board
of Health to reduce the expenditures of the
City and County Hospital to the amount of
J400 per month in order to avoid a deficiency
in that dcrartment at the end of the first
year - -V—
tween Franklin and Gough; Zoe place, from
Folsom street to its terminus; crossing of
Chestnut and Jones streets; Francisco street,
between "Webster and Flllmore; Baker street,
between "Washington and Jackson; crossing of
Hayes and Clayton streets; the crossing of
Eighteenth and Dolores streets: Jessie street,
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets.
Referred to Committees.
The following petitions and protests were re
ferred to committees:
North Central Improvement Club calling; at
tention to the bad condition of the bitumen
pavement between car tracks on California
street between Montgomery and Battery.
From Allied Printing Trades Council pro
testing against the passage of the ant!-bllt
posting ordinance.
Superior Judges Cook and Dunne asking for
additional accommodations In the Hall of Jus
tice building. .
From B. D. Weeks calling attention to a
water supply on the coast side of San Mateo
and suggesting an investigation of the same.
Official Communications.
The follo-wlriK communications from public
officials were read:
From Chief of Police Sullivan estimating the
expenses of the Police Department for the next
fiscal year to be $901,079: from the • Board of
Fire Commissioners naming $740,237 as the sum
required to maintain the Fire Department:
from the Coroner asking for $22,984 90; from
Board of Works asking the approval of the
board to the plan of flushing Chinatown sew
ers and repairing and connecting them at a
cost of $10C0; from Board of Works estimating
the cost of retcradlnp Sixth street at 12150; from
same board submitting a call for proposals to
purchase a telephone system for the city: from
Health Board containing plans and estimates
for a central disinfection station.
Full Acceptance.
The recommendation of the Board of Public
Works for the following full acceptance of
streets was adopted:
Oouch street, between ¦ Jackson and Pacific
pvpnue: Shrader street, between Hayes and
Fell: crossing: of Lyon and Clayton streets:
crossing of Eighteenth and Church streets;
Eighteenth street, between Dolores and Church:
crossing of San Jose avenue. Twenty-eighth
and Guerrero streets: Jej-sle street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth; Union street, be-
Las Lomas Party.
The party which j? to be given In M!s
rion Native Sons' Hall by I^s Lom'aa
Parlor. preMously announcca, will be
Clvtn next Monday nicht.
New Store and New Goods.
The Beehive Shoe Co. will open its doors
Thursday to the public Nothing but the
best makes of shoes will be sold, at the
very lowest prices. Polite salesmen will
be pleased to wait upon you at the Bee
hive Shoe Co., 717 Market st, nr. Third.*
Shake Into Your Shoes
Atlen'e Feet-Ease. a powder. It makes tlßht or
new eho*-* r*»l <-n?y. Curea Corns. Bunions
Swollen. Tlrea. Swestlr,*. Achlne Feet. 30.000
testimonial*. At all drupels and >hoe utores
Tie. A«k fv-d-j-. Sample THEE. Addr*»« Al
len E. ObßfU*. !-> Uor. N. v
Dr. Clampett to Speak To-Night
This evening at S o'clock Rev. Dr
Clampett. rector of Trinity, will address a
mass-meeting at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association auditorium. The nubile
is invited. There will be other interesting
exercises.
ALBERT F. EONNELL WHO WAS DRIVEN FROM HOME.
ALBERT F. BONNELL,, a boy 9 years of age, who lived with his grand
mother, Mrs. Eliza. Tolman at 249 Bright street. Ocean View, and was
driven from the house several days ago, was taken by Corporal Shan
r.ahan and Officer Boyd of the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society to Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday morning. The Judge ordered him sent to the Aid Society,
but expressed the hope that some kind-hearted family would take charge of him,
as he is bright and intelligent.
The boy had been sleeping nights in an empty draw well and had been fed
by the neighbors. His father, Harry Bonnell. is a cook in a restaurant, but the
boy has not seen him since last -Christmas, when he presented him with a s
cent toy. The. boy's mother is dead and his grandmother has been treating him
and his younger brother, so brutally ; that he"' was forced to run away. T- The offi
cers found Mrs. Tolman's house in a filthy condition, and a few months ago the
attention of the^Board of Health had to be drawn to it by the neighbors. It is
said that her husband, Dr. Tolman, left her some years ago and is living some
where in this city.
Suit Against Trustee Bills.
The Sorosis Fruit Company has filed In
the United States District Court a suit for
r.n accounting against C. B. Bills, as trus
tee of tho bankrupt estate of E. B. How
ard. The complainant recites that it ten
•lored to Bills In settlement $Sooi>. which
B'.lls refused to accept. It recites also
that It owes no more and demands an ac
countir.g.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bohemian Club Election.
The annual election of officers of the
Bohemian Club took place yesterday. The
vote was light, as there was no opposition
ticket. The following named officers
whose terms were about to expire were
all re-elected: President, Vanderlynn
Stow; vice president. W. G. Stafford- sec
retary. Thomas M. Pennell; treasurer
Howard C. Houghton; directors for two'
years. E. M. Greenway. W. B. Hopkins
J. R. Howcll and Thomas Rickard.
Protet Coming North.
SAN DIEGO. April 9.— The French
cruiser Protet left here at 5 o'clock this
morning direct for San Francisco, where
she will arrive at 9 a. m. to-morrow, mak
ing the trip in twenty-eight hours.
COMMISSIONERS WILL
TRY THE RATE CASE
Southern Pacific Can Have Speedy I
Hearing After Its Answer to
the Moore Complaint Is
Filed.
At a regular meeting yesterday the
Railroad Commissioners took up the com
plaint of Moore vs. the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, wherein the petitioner
calls into question the legality of the rail
road in recently raising the passenger
rates between San Francisco and way
points without the consent of the com
mission.
The railroad company has not yet filed
an answer and has still another week In
which to do bo. The Commissioners de
cided to call a special meeting as soon
as the answer is filed and to try the case '
at once on its merits. Commissioners
Blackstock and Edson announced that
they will go to-day to Fresno to inter
view the people of that place and get the
general sentiment concerning the can
celed and existing rates. Edson also
made a statement, which he asked to have
spread upon the minutes, taking the posi
tion that the board has Jurisdiction to in
vestigate this matter, and that the hear
ing and settlement of the controversy
°ir l l l ° be expedlted as much as pos
| Commissioner Blackstock was appointed
by his colleagues as a delegate td the Na
tional Convention of Railroad Commis
sioners which is to meet at Milwaukee
on May 8. He was instructed to make
every effort to secure the convention for
this city next year.
The Lake Tahoe Railway filed copies
of its passenger and freight tariff and
the same was approved.
FOR WIDOWS AND ORPHANS
OF BRITISH SOLDIERS
Grand Concert Given for Their Bene
fit at Y. M. C. A. Hall by Or
der of Scottish Clans.
A grand concert, in aid of the widows
end orphans of the British soldiers who
have fallen in the South African war.
¦was given last night at Y. M. C. A. Au
ditorium under the auspices cf Clan
Fraser No. 78. Order of Scottish Clans.
A large audience was present and enthu
siasm prevailed at the mention of the
<jueen and her bra\-e generals, who are
defending her interests in the Boer c<sun-
The address of the evening was deliv
ered ty Rev. Eugene H. Avery, D. D.
Dr. Avery paid a glowing tribute to the
Ftcrling character and bravery of the
British soldier. He deprecated the utter
ances of certain orators who have prog
nosticated the downfall of the British em
pire as a result of her present struggle.
He held that with her wonderful recuper
ative powers, England's fame as a na
tion would continue to grow and pros
j.«-rity would always be her lot. Dr. Avery
also referred to the ovation the Queen is
now receiving in Ireland, which showed
the veneration in which the noble ruler
Is held by all her colonies.
The complete programme was as fol
lows i ¦¦
'¦¦¦--;;'¦ rejections. I. S. R. Tlvendale and
Adatn lion: '"Star-Spangled Banner." Mrs.
Eva Tenney; . remarks. Dr. Frederick \V.
<T Evelyn: song. "Soldiers of the Queen." Rob
ert Lloyd: piano solo. Mini Gretchen E. Sich
lau: vocal solo. "Let Me Like a Soldier Fall."
Herbert Williams; song, selected. Mrs. Me
?Jlade; corr.et rr,\o. Mrs. L. A. Larsen; addre&is.
Hey. Eue»-ne H. Avery. D. D.; song. "The
Abeect-Mlnded I>fgar." Mrs. Eva Tenney
<mu*ic by Hlr Arthur Sullivan, words by Rud
vard K'.pllnjr); recitation. Mist Franoes Willis:
• •pallor" c Hornpipe." Professor Flndlay; violin
*010. Mi*» Zicnen: bans *010. "Clans of the
For*e" iP.ctfney), L. A. Larsen: Highland reel.
In costume. Pybil Campbell, Margie Baesett,
Adam Bom find Hyron Iloss: sons, selected.
Win* Bf-au.n; '-Auld Lang Eyne," Mn. Eva
Ter.ney and audlf-nc*-.
LIVED AND SLEPT IN
AN EMPTY DRAW WELL
Court by two suits Just filed. Frank S.
Barnard of Boston and Senator Redfleld
Proctor of Vermont are the complainants.
S. W. and E. B. Holladay are the solicit
ors and L. D. McKisick counsel for the
complainants.
BANKERS TO MEET
AT SACRAMENTO
Full Discussion Will Be Given to All
Matters Bearing on Public
Finances.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 9.— lt Is expected
that there will be something like 100 dele
gates to the California Bankers' Asso
ciation, which is to hold its convention in
this city on May 3. 4 and 5. Many ques
tions bearing on public finances will be
discussed and efforts will be made to
frame measures for presentation to the
next Legislature desired by the banking
Interests. A circular letter issued by
President Frank Miller to the banks and
bankers of California states:
Since the last convention of the association
the question of currency reform, so long a
source of agitation to the people, has received
a happy solution through the act of Congress
of March 1. I*X», entitled "An act to define and
fix the standard of value, to maintain the
parity of all forms of money Issued or coined
by the United States." etc. This gives occa
sion for congratulation, for the principles ren
dered effective by the act are those which cur
association from Its organization has repeat
edly atlinru d.
There remain within our own State Issues
yet unsettled that concern the people at large
equally with those engaged In the business of
banking.
A uniform law of .negotiable Instruments, as
•formulated by a conference of the various State
Commissioners on Uniformity of Legislation in
the United States, and now the law In many
States, was passed by both houses of the last
Legislature, but was not approved by the
Governor. That California failed in this re
spect to take a place in line with the most ad
vanced States of the Union was a great disap
pointment and at the next session of, the Legis
lature the attempt should again be made to
have this law made that of the State.
No question so nearly concerns all classes of
persons as taxation. The first principles of
good government require that all propertly
shall contribute Us just proportion of the cott
of government, no more and no less. Pro
fessor Carl C. Plehn of the University of Cali
fornia, an eminent authority on every phase of
the. question, has been Invited to address the
convention In this behalf.
UNION MEN WERE
AMONG THE RIOTERS
Declaration of a Coeur d'Alene Man
Who Opposes the Miners'
Organization.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— When the
Coeur d'Alene Investigation was resumed
to-day Representative Sulzer made an em
phatic protest against what he character
ized as "snap judgment" by the majority
of the investigating committee. At the
last session the record of the "bull pen."
giving the names of those imprisoned,
was printed. The record printed to-day
showed that a newspaper clipping, pasted
in the book, also had been printed, giving
a list of ringleaders in the miners' agita
tion and some 400 who had been Indicted.
Sulzer's motion to strike out this matter
was lost by a tie vote.
Henry E. Howes, a business man In the
Coeur d'Alenes not identified with either
faction, was offered as a witness to show
the neutral sentiment on the trouble. He
was objected to, however, on the ground
that he was a bitter opponent of the
miners' unlbns. Ills testimony was ad
mitted and he told of the disturbed condi
tions over a series of years, leading up to
the blowing up of the Bunker Hill mill.
The witness testified that he knew that
members of the Miners' Union were pres
ent when the mill was blown up. He saw
and recognized some of the men on their
way to the mill. Some of them applied
to his store for ammunition. Part of his
Information was gained while a member
of the Grand Jury.
Howe continued his testimony at the
afternoon session, giving many details of
the disorder over a long period. He had
not concluded when the committee ad
journed until to-morrow.
SYDNEY'S DAY OF PRAYER.
Residents Will Appeal for Belief
From the Plague. ,
N. S. W.. April 9.—Ninety
three cases "of the bubonic plague and
twenty-nine deaths from the disease have
occurred ncre. Thursday next has been
appointed as a day of Intercession and
prayer for relief from the plague.
Library Plans Accepted.
SAN DIEGO. April 9.— The library trus
tees of this city, who have for three weeks
past been examining plans for the new
$50,000 Carnegie library building, to-day
accepted the designs of Architects Aker
man and Ross : of New^York City, and
will at once- advertise for bids of con
struction under these designs. There were
some twenty contestants.
Ball for Cemetery Fund.
The Society of Old Friends will give a
nrize masquerade ball at B'nal B'rith
Hall next Saturday evening. The object
is to raise money for the benefit of the
cemetery fund. The society, which is a
charitable one, has been In existence for
over thirty years, during which time it
has distributed thousands of dollars.
Charles Schimpf's Will.
The will of Charles Schimpf, who died
April 4, was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeaths the bulk of his estate,
which is valued at $50,000. to his widow,
Adeline Mary Schimpf. The testator, in
addition to large real estate Interests, held
stock In the Walter Orpheum Company.
This stock he bequeaths to his brother.
Max A. Schimpf. His father and other
brothers are not mentioned In the will.
Embezzled Cigars.
A warrant was sworn out In Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Stello Romeo on the charge of felony em
bezzlement. The complaining witness is S.
Nleri, cigar manufacturer, 351 Alcatraz
avenue, Oakland, who alleges that Romeo,
after working for him about six months,
got 2OJO cigars, valued at $95. which he
was to sell to a customer on Ninth street.
This was the last seen of him. He also
borrowed $35 from Nleri.
DR. McGIFFERT
TENDERS HIS
RESIGNATION
Formally Withdraws From
the Presbyterian
Church.
States That He Does !J"ct Care to
Stand Trial as It Would Only
Provoke Fresh Dis-
XEW YORK. April 9.-Rev. Arthur C.
McGlffert to-day formally withdrew from
the Presbyterian church. His resignation
was contained in a letter to the presby
tery of New York, which met to-day in
its regular semi-annual meeting. Dr. Mc-
Giffert's request that his name be dropped
from the roll of the presbytery was
granted. Dr. McGiffert's letter of resig
nation was in accordance with an an
nouncement made by him to the presby
tery three weeks ago. The letter in part
is as follows:
To the Presbytery of Xew York— Dear Breth
ren: In view of the appeal to the General
Assembly of which Dr. Birch gave formal no
tice at the last meeting of the presbytery, I
have decided to withdraw from the Presby
terian church and I request that you will ac
cordingly drop my name from the roll of the
presbytery-
In making this request. I deelre to say that
I do not withdraw because I regard the charges
of heresy preferred against me as well founded
or because I regard the Justice of the accusa
tions that have been made In many quarters,
but I still believe as I believed when I wrote
the General Assembly last spring, that my
views are in harmony with the faith of the Pres
byterian church and of evangelic Christendom
In all vital and essential matter; but I cannot
feel that It Is my duty to go through the trial be
fore the General Assembly which the appeal will
doubtless precipitate, and I am unwilling need
lessly to prolong the agitation that has been
distracting the church and preventing It from
giving Itself unreservedly to the work of ad
vancing the work of the kingdom of Gpd.
By patient study and free discussion only can
the truth be reached and the attempt to deter
mine the correctness or incorrectness of his
torical conclusions by their conformity or non
conformnlty to a confessional standard tends to
obscure truth's supremacy and to promote In
difference to Its claims. Referring in this con
nection to my own book on the "Apostolic
Age." I beg to assure the presbytery that It
wa* written with no thought of committing the
Presbyterian church or any one beside myself
to any of lta conclusions and co with no
thought of provoking ecclesiastical strife, but
eoieiy with the purpose of recounting as accur
ately and as clt-arly as I could the highest of
the apostolic age as I ebw It. I claim that the
question of first importance touching the re
eulie I have reached is not "Do they accord
with the Presbyterian standard?" but "Are
they true?" In a trial for heresy the Inquiry
inevitably concerns itself chiefly with the for
mer question and the latter la too largely over
locked.
IN* a dir.gy house on Peabody street,
rear SunnysiJe avenue, was found
the withered skeleton of Miss Kate
Mliller. a woman hermit and formerly
a domestic. The woman was last seen
- alive six weeks ago and. as she lived apart
from aM humanity and resented any at
tempt at familiarity on the part of rela
tives or friends, little heed was given to
her absence. Yesterday morning her
brother-in-law, desiring to find out her
circumstances, opened a window In her
house ar.d beheld her bones where they
lay on a bed made of rags. Mystery sur
rounds the case to some extent, but In
all probability it will be dissipated and
the conclusion arrived at that death was
the result of natural causes.
About two years ago Miss Miiller built
the house in which she died. She lived
the life of a recluse and was mentally
deranged. It was common talk that she
had hoarded treasury and she often her
self made mention of gold she possessed.
She became estranged from her relatives
end frequently quarreled with her sister.
Mrs. Henry Miller, and the latter's hus
band. Her eccentricities even went so
far as the placing of an additional letter
"i" In her name to distinguish herself
from other members of her family.
Little attention was given to the strange
woman. She frightened the neighbors by
threatening to do them harm, and kept a
loaded pistol to kill any one who should
enter her abode. These threats were also
made to her relatives. The fact that the
woman should so closely guard her house
held increased the suspicion that she was
protecting treasure, fcut nothing could be
definitely learned regarding Its existence.
Hints at robbery and murder were rife
on the discovery of the corpse, but the
officers were unable to find anything
which would positively warrant the con
clusion that a crime had been committed.
An autopsy will be performed. In the
house no treasure was found except a few
gold trinkets in a trunk and $3 in a purse.
Everything In the room seemed In good
order and there was nothing that would
five evidence of any struggle. A revolver,
ully loaded, was found on a shelf above
the "bed.
There Is little doubt that the woman
was insane. Many of her letters were
written to noted authors, long since dead.
In which she spoke of love for them and
Intimated that they had made her a char
acter In their works. Miss Mliller was 37
years of age and was born In Switzerland.
SWITCH MAY BE
EXACTED BEFORE
PAYING NICKEL
Telephone Monopoly Must
Not Charge for Defec
tive Service.
Ordinances Prohibiting Lotteries Are
Passed to Print — Municipal Elec
tric Street Lighting Sys
tem Favored.
After several attempts to legislate upon
the abuses of the telephone monopoly In
requiring: the nickel to be dropped before
the switch is given, the Board of Super
visors at yesterday's meeting passed to
print a new order which It is confidently
expected will correct the defective service
of the corporation. The new ordinance,
which was introduced by Supervisor Mc-
Carthy, is similar to . the others which
were allowed to go by default on account
of apparent illegalities. It prohibits those
rendering telephone service from charging
or receiving any compensation therefor
before the number or party called for an
swers. Any person, firm or corporation
that shall receive compensation in any in
stance before the party or number shall
respond to the call of the person ordering
the service shall suffer a flne or Imprison
ment.
Supervisor McCarthy explained that Su
perintendent Hewitt of the department of
electricity had informed the License Com
mittee during its investigations that there
was no reason why the ordinance was not
practicable. The telephone corporation's
claim that it would be necessary to double
its force to carry out the provisions of the
law was not borne out by the facts. Only
a few extra operators would be required,
and the only opposition came from the
company's disinclination to cease its petty
exactions for defective service. McCarthy
asked that the public be afforded the pro
tection it deserved on the proposition, and
he was supported unanimously by his col
leagues when the vote was taken.
The ordinance prohibiting the possession
of lottery tickets, papers, stamps, tools.
Instruments or lottery devices was re
ferred to the City Attorney for his opin
ion. Sanderson addressed the board in op
position to the passage of the order. He
said that the Political Code already pro
vided for the prohibition of lotteries and
that the bill should be referred to the City
Attorney to determine its legality. Tobln
stated that the ordinance had been draft
ed carefully at the request of Chief Sulli
van, and that It was difficult to obtain
convictions under the State law. Reed
held that the only way to enforce the law
was by ordinances passed by the Super
visors.
The other two ordinances which prohib
ited the "passing, giving, delivery, circula
tion or distribution of lottery drawings, or
copies or memorada thereof, or the distri
bution of handbills, papers, cards, etc.. of
the winning numbers or figures in a lot
tery drawing," were passed to print.
The Committee on Public Utilities sub
mitted a recommendation that the city in
stall its electric lighting distributing sys
tem. The report concluded as follows:
The cost of electrical lighting the streets and
public buildlnes of this municipality would
be inside of $193,136 per year, of which J2S.^5
would be for the public buildings and $164.2a0
for the streets. Your committee believes that
It would be wise to Install this system of pub
lic lighting immediately. While bond Issues
for millions are urged for other public utilities
that will take years In acquiring, this great
Improvement appealing to every citizen every
night of the year can be established during
the coming year. We recommend to the Board
of Supervisors the adoption of this plan, and
providing the means of establishing In the next
tax levy. In the meantime your committee
will endeavor to obtain an offer to put this sys
tem in place for a fixed sum from lome re
sponsible person or corporation.
The resolution directing the Board of
Public Works to establish the grade on
Sixth street, between Folsom and Bryant,
at a cost of $2150. was opposed by the
Finance Committee on the ground that
there were no funds available for the pur
pose. A motion to postpone the matter
until next July was bitterly objected to
by Maguire, who said It .would be an in
justice to the property owners if the
street were not improved. He finally
agreed to allow the matter to lie over
for one week until a conference could be
had between the property owners and the
Board of Works.
Miscellaneous Business.
A resolution was adopted directing: the clerk
to insert in all advertisements Inviting pro
posals for supplies, printing, etc.. a clause re
quiring bidders to pay advertising charges.
The ordinances imposing a license of $15 a
quarter on runners and soliciting azents. of
J o l per quarter on liquor dealers when sales
are under J13.000 and over $15,000 at $41 per quar
ter, on restaurants selling liquors $21 per quar
ter, restaurants serving liquors with meals $5
per quarter when receipts are less than JlOOO
and $10 if they exceed $1000, were all passed to
print.
The Park Commissioners will be requested to
reopen the park gates on Stanyan street, near
Waller.
The Merchants' Association was granted per-
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
THE SAN FK AXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL. 10, 1900.
WOMAN HERMIT'S
SKELETON FOUND
Reports of Hoarded Gold and Dark
Crime Cause Police to
Investigate.
In the Din^y House She Guarded With a Pis
tol Miss Kate Miiller's Bones Lay
for Six Weeks.
41 11*
AND
HANDSOME PRESENTS
GIVEN AWAY BY THE
fr DENVER WEEKLY TSPfIES
OUR FREE BIBLE COMPETITION!
••Search the Scriptures" at Once.
* AN EAST WAT TO RECEIVE A BIG REWARD. %
To the 1,500 persons answering: correctly, on or before May 31. 1900.
our simple Bible question, where In th* Bible Is first found the word
"Gold," we will give the following: awards:
First— One Cmwh Present in Gold - - - - f1.250.n0
Second— One Cash Present In Gold - - - $1,000.00
Third— One Family Carrlnse ----- »1.3OO.«m»
Fourth — One handsome I'prljxht Piano - #700.00
Fifth— One Pair of Matched Horses - - - f1.000.00
Sixth- One Solid Silver Tea Set - - - - 9U00.00
Seventh— One Pair Solitaire Diamond
Enr Drops ----- ----- $500.00
Eishth— Onr Fine Set Mahogany Furni-
ture ------- ----- 5H.~00.00
Mnth— nand.tome Pedigreed driving; Mare 9400.00
Tenth— One Caah Preaent In Gold - - - *175.00
Eleventh — One Cash Present In Gold - - $150.00
Twelfth— One Oliver Typewriter - - - 9100.00
Thirteenth — One brrrchloadinn: Shotran - MIOO.OO
Fourteenth— One Gents* solid Gold Watch $100.00
Fifteenth— One Ladles' -olid Gold Watch yiOO.OO
Sixteenth— One Plated silver Tea Set - - *100.00
Seventeenth— One Farm Wttfou - - - - M 7.1.00
Eighteenth— One Family Clock - - - - BSO.OO
Mnetecnth— One Road Wnffon - - - - gitS.OO
Twentieth — One Seivlnajr Machine - - - fSS.OO
To the text 10, each. Gold Watch.
To the next 20, each. Solid Silver Watch.
To the next 100, each, Solid Gold Ring-.
To the next 100. eacn. Gold Fountain Pen.
To the next ICO, each, a present, value !?-.50.
If a competitor should fail In the first he will stand an opportunity
for one of our
MIDDLE AWARDS.
Flrat— One Cash Present In Gold - - - - 8500.00
Second— One Fine Top Unsrsy ----- *200.00
Third— One Caah Preaent In Gold - - - - * 150.00
Fourth-One Groa Grain Silk Dreas Pattern 9100.00
Fifth— One Folding Top Desk, mahogany - 9100.00
Sixth— One Gent'n Sr.lt to order ----- 550.00
Seventh— One Cook Stove ------ #25.00
Eighth— One Dinner Set ------ $25.00
To the next -402, each, a Preaent -valued at $3.00.
LAST AWARDS.
To those who are too late for any of the abov© awards a special
opportunity still remains. To the 500 persons whose names come in
last we will pive the following presents. To the last name on th© list
we will give $250 in cash. To the next name to the last $100 in cash: to
the next third name from the last we will giv-e $00 in cash, and to the
next 407 preceding the third name on the list, each a present valued
""TOTAI VALUATION OVER $15,000.00 IN GOLD
Each competitor must !n every case send SI for one year's sub-
scription to The Denver Weekly Time?, with their answer. No names
will be recorded unless accompanied with the cash, for which we will
send, postpaid, our splendid Weekly Times. Present subscribers can
compete by pa ylns: for another year or for a friend. The subscription
price of our Weekly Times is only $1 a year.
SO YOU PAY NOTHING FOR COMPETING
For the above presents. The presents will be sent to the successful
ones and their names published in our Weekly Times the first week in
June, 1900. DON'T DELAY. The Weekly TIMES Is worth much more
than the money, and by answering quickly you may secure one of the
largest presents. The receiving of your paper will be your receipt.
Every parent should encourage the children to enter this contest.
Besides familiarizing themselves w! th the Bible, they secure a highly
deserving and entertaining family newspaper. We enter every letter In
the order and on the day received, and number the names as received
and recorded In our subscription books, hence there can be no mis-
takes. WE CANNOT MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ANSWERS AFTER
LETTERS ARE RECEIVED AND ENTERED. If you don't get any-
thing but our Weekly TIMES you will be thoroughly satisfied, as It has
no equal at the price. No answers will be recorded bearlnjr postmark
date later than May 31, 1000. You must send before that date. Send
money by postal note, money order or registered letter, express or draft
on Denver or New York. Do not send checks on local banks. WE PAY
NO ATTENTION TO ANSWERS in letters without subscription to the
Weekly TIMES. Don't send postal cards or telegrams. The Weekly
TIMES is an old established family newspaper now In Its 34th year,
is handsomely printed, pure and elevating in tone, brimful of choice
reading matter and a favorite In thousands of homes. To satVfy aU as
to its merits we mall sample copies for 5 cents. We cannot send them
free. Reference, any bank or buslne ss arm In Denver. Address all letters
"TIMESt" Den ver ' Colorado.
President Wheeler Honored.
5From the extent to which the South has induced
the Federal Government to establish and maintain
parks on the battle-fields of the Civil War, future
generations may come to the conclusion the heroes
cf the contest were butchered mainly to make South
ern holiday grounds.
The North Pacific and the Great Northern rail
roads are doing all in their power to center the
Oriental trade of the United States at Puget Sound
ports, and in the meantime what arc the Southern
and Central Pacific roads doing?
Th» strangest thing about the organization of a
club in Chicago pledged to follow health laws which
it is believed will enable them to live a century is that
eny one should have. a desire to prolong life in such a
city.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENT RIFUCi AL PUMPS T
1/ DAP 14 & Drake Amalgamators. op«rat-
l\t\UUn is* daily; 1 30-Hp. gasoline en-
glne cheap, i Stevenson, 9. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In OD*r*t!an Dally. U3 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME ENGINES.
FOUR more of thes? small, light-weight JCom»
engines have arrived from East: call soon.
Rix Engineering and Supply Co., 619 Howard.
DREDQINO PUMPS.
Oil. Oasoltne. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pampa.
EnginesAßollers. HendyMach.Wlu.,49 Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY S MODELS.
L. PETERSON. 644 A Mission, 3. F. : communi-
cations from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
£opnly fresh er salt water for slulo* boxee:
Men or low lifts. Slmondj. S3 Market st.
ROCKERS.
CAPE NOME Force Pump Rocker; hand- power
fore* pump rocker; lightest, cheapest and best
for beach and creek mining. W. a PHELP3
& CO.. 15 Prumm st. "
GOL> SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator ta
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch A Co.. 133 Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSH A_L. Gold Saving Machine. 229 Fol-
som street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GOLD S*VINO MXCHINES.
The Eureka Pan Motion; The Centrifugal Gold
Washer, dally at 25 Real* st.
MATTESOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Long torn, riffles and carpet combined aaves
placer gold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits packed. IRVTNE BROS.. STO Howard.
«C 8 Fourth. 1303 Polk and 1441 Stockton. 8. T.
LTQUORS-
WHIQI<f FV U CAHEN A SON .
nfllOaCY 4u Sacramento:
OILS.
Lu bkTCA TINO Oil. Cmde on and Gaaolln*
ENSIGN A McQUFTICK. a Spear rCsTr!
PLATES FOR SAVINO GOLD.
Schaexletn * Burrldge. S Hardle place, off
Kearcy. between Sutter and Bush streeti
?. W. BELL. Central Plating Work*, ttt Mla-
ston st.. 8. F. Phone Jessie Ml.
ROCKERS.
ROCKERS ?nl?"? nl ?"S u!a ?«*«•: Cmtrtfagui
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BtmNHAM-STANDEFORD CO. Waahlnrtni.
and Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. sTf!
OASOLINE E-SGtNES
ENai>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
B fcs;g aa > g__gtts.rt3ga
FURS
FUR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE your
ALBERT HOEFUCH. 11« Cr£l*?v* OMg -
TENTS AND COVERS
*B_V_f»aß_gs ß -» — .
The fashionable ladles' corrective tonic ts Dr.
Slegert's Angostura Bitters, the world re-
nowned South American Invigorator.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver ll's. biliousness. Indieestlon. constipation.*
Insurance Company Sued.
TheTrans-Atlantlsche Guter-Versicher
ungs Gesellschaft in Berlin, an Insurance
company, has brought suit in the United
States Circuit Court against Thannhauser
& Co. to recover $4844 99, alleged to be bal
ance due on their accounts as agents 'of
the complainant.
A SCHOOL OF CIVIL SERVICE.
SENATOR ALDRICH'S bill proposing the es
tablishment by the Federal Government of a
school for the education of young rrten and
young women for the diplomatic, consular and civil
service of the United States has received in the East
a good deal more commendation than it .merits.
There is not the slightest need of such a school, and
the operation of one would undoubtedly rouse more
or less antagonism, because it would inevitably train
up a favored class of persons, to whom would go
nearly the whole of the offices of the Government.
The Aldrich bill, it is jo be noted, does not di
rectly provide for the establishment of such a school,
but only for the appointment of a commission to con
sider the matter and report upon it. The commission,
however, will very littely favor the school, for its es
tablishment would mean more appropriations and
more offices for political patronage. It is therefore
just as well to consider the matter upon its merits or
demerits at once and have done with it.
The proposed institution is to be" somewhat
analogous to those now maintained at West Point for
training officers for the army and at Annapolis for
training naval officers. Each of those schools has
proven of great advantage to the najion, but the sue-
AUSTRALIAN MAILS
CONTRACT AWARDED
Privilege for the Term of Ten Years
Accorded to the Oceanic Steam
ship Company.
J D Spreckels & Bros. Co. were notified
yesterday by the United States Postmas
ter General of tho awarding of the con
tract for carrying tho Australian and Eng
lish closed mails to the Oceanic Steam
ship Company for ten years. The service
is to be trl-monthly and to begin Novem
ber 1 Steamers will touch at Honolulu.
Apia or Pago Pago, in the Samoan group
(whichever place the United States Gov
ernment may select) and Auckland The
contract is at the rate of J2 per mile and
the Oceanic Steamship Company is now
negotiating with the Australian and New
Zealand Governments for carrying of the
mails to San Francisco.
Steamship _me to Tahiti.
Communications were received yester
day from Tahiti, via Auckland, N. Z.,
that the Tahltian Government had accept
ed the Oceanic Steamship Company's pro
posal for a steam service from San Fran
cisco to Tahiti. Heretofore the only con
nection between the Society Islands and
San Francisco has been maintained by
schooners sailing at Intervals of about a
month and occupying from thirty to thir
ty-six days in passage. According to the
terms of the agreement entered into be
tween the Tahitian Government and the
Oceanic Steamship Company a steamship
of about 3000 tons register is to be placed
in the service, to make eleven round trips
per annum, each round trip occupying
about thirty-five days, which includes
thirteen days in port. The distance 13 3C03
knots and the average rate of speed to be
mode by the steamers will be about four
teen knots an hour, thus occupying about
ten and a half days on the voyage under
favorable conditions.
John D Sprockets, president of the
Oceanic Steamship Company, states that
the bonus to be paid by the Tahiti Gov
ernment is in the neighborhood of $30,000
ncr annum and that the details of the con
tract are very favorable to this company.
Either the Mariposa or the Aiameda will,
after being overhauled and the new ma
chinery installed, be placed on this route.
Either steamer will be capable of a sea
speed of seventeen knots an hour when
the proposed alterations have been made.
It Is expected that a large tourist traffic
can be worked up with -Tahiti now that
the meth.od of communication will be
so 6peedy and comfortable.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A QUARTER OF 187fr-Subscrlber, City.
A quarter of 1576 is not a premium coin.
FIVE DOLLARS— L. M. X., City. A
five-dollar gold piece of IS6I does not com-
mand a premium. There is no premium
on coins of that denomination coined after
1834.
TIN AND SILVER— H. C. M., Bodega.
Cal. The value of tin and of silver varies.
You can ascertain the value of each by
consulting the commercial department of
The Call. ¦.-,- ,-,.:.
GENERAL, SCOTT— W. M. P., City.
General Wlnfleld Scott never was Presi
dent of the United States. In 1832 he was
the Whig candidate for the office of Presi
dent, but was defeated by Franklin
Pierce. _______
LOSS OF THE CIMBRIA-H. X., City.
The delay in answering the question about
the loss of the Cimbrlaof the Hamburg-
American line was occasioned by the fact
that the information had to be obtained
from the office in New York. The vessel
was lost on the 19th of January. 18S3.
FREIGHT FROM CHICAGO— H. C M
Bodega. Cal. The freight rates vary ac
cording to the commodity. This depart
ment has not the space to give the rate
for all kinds of freight. If the correspond
ent will designate the kind of freight he
wishes to know about the information will
be furnished. '"
AUTOMOBILE-H. C. M., Bodega Cal '
According to the Century Dictionary aul '
tomobile is pronounced as if written a-to
mo-bil. In that the a is to be pronounced
as au in aught, the o in to as o in Demo
crat and the i in the last syllable St
and the accent on the penult. Those who
prefer to adopt the French pronSncla
Uon pronounce it as if written o-toe-mow-
THE MONTH OF FEBRUARY— Mel
rose, City. February was one of th© two
months- January being the other-intro
duced into the Roman calendar by Numa
Pompllius, who in the Mythic History is
described as the second of the Kine* of
Rome, being the successor of RornuluV
the founder of the city. He extended the
year to twelve of these periods Numa lit
fall upon it the doom, which w£? un
avoidable for some of the months, of hav
ing three out of four times a day lea*
than even those which were to consist of
thirty days. That is to say, he arranged
that it should have only twenty-nine days
excepting in leap years, when, by the in
tercalation of a day between the 23d and
24th, it was to have thirty. The Roman
Senate decreed that the month succeed
ing July should be called August in honor
of Augustus Caesar, and he. not wlshinc
the preceding month should have more
days than the one named for him took
one day from February and added It to
August. In that manner February was
reduced to twenty-eight dayß In all ordi
nary years. *"
A STATESMAN OF THE TIME.
REPRESENTATIVE GIBSON of the Second
District of Tennessee is a candidate for re-elec
tion, and by way of opening his canvass has
sent to his constituents a letter in which he sets fo r th
the record of his services as a statesman. According
to the preamble of the constitution the Federal Gov
ernment was organized to "form a more perfect union,
establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide
for the common defense, promote the general welfare
and to secure the blessings of liberty." It is there
fore worth while to take Mr. Gibson's statement of his
work and note how far it conforms to the intentions
of the founders of the Government.
A summary of his labors runs thus: Eight hundred
and twenty-three war claims put through, amounting
to $1,200,000; sixty-five private pension bills; forty
one men commissioned in the army by his influence;
twenty-nine postmasters appointed; seventy-four new
postoffices established; twelve thousand calls at the
Pension Office; twenty-nine thousand packages of
seeds sent; twenty-seven thousand pamphlets and
books sent; one hundred and sixty-seven thousand
copies of his own speeches sent out; forty-seven thou
sand letters to his constituents.
As not one of these things cari v be said to tend
to establish justice, provide for the common de
fense or to secure the blessings of liberty, it is prob
able all of them were intended by the Congressman to
insure domestic tranquillity or to promote the general
welfare. The war claims, the private pensions, the
twelve thousand calls at the Pension Office, the pack
ages of seeds and the pamphlets sent out and even the
letters written to his constituents may be regarded as
contributions to domestic tranquillity, if by that phrase
we signify the quiet and happiness of the private
homes of those who received the pensions, pamphlets,
seeds and letters. That sort of tranquillity, however,
has been paid for at the expense of the general welfare
and all that has been given in return is the estab
lishment of seventy-four new postoffices, the commis
sion of forty-five politicians in the army and the cir
culation of 167,000 copies of Mr. Gibson's speeches.
It is evident that domestic tranquillity in the Second
District of Tennessee is one of the things we must
have, but it comes high.
Mr. Gibson is a fair specimen of the modern states
man in this country. Most Congressmen have but
two ambitions — one is to fill the treasury and, the
other is to "rake her clean." The Pacific Coast has
neglected that sort of statesmanship and the result is
we are far short of our share of appropriations. _ln
the East they are wiser in their generation, hence the
vast amount of "domestic tranquillity" that prevails
in most of. their .Congressional districts.
The Alliance at Kingston.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, April 9.— Th«
American training ship Alliance arrived
here to-day, seven days from Porto Rico.
She has been quarantined.
Marceau Case Put Off Two "Weeks.
Hearing of tho petition of Mrs. Amanda
Fiske-Marceau-Fennell for the custody of
her minor child, Theodore Marceau Jr..
was postponed tJy Judge Troutt yesterday
for two weeks.
CaL glace fruit 50c per Xt> atTownsend's.*
Special Information supplied fially to
business bouses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 3») Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. . *
A PAN-AMERICAN CONGRESS.
ARRANGEMENTS are reported to have been
made by the Mexican Government for a con
gress of all American countries, to meet in the
City of Mexico, to consider commercial and other is
sues affecting their welfare. Secretary Hay is said to
attach great importance to the meeting and to have
promised the Mexican Government cordial co-opera
tion in promoting it
The enterprise is the more attractive to the people
of the United States since it is but another step along
a path in which the United States led the .way. The
congress which Secretary Blame called together did
not result as beneficially as was expected, but it is to
be borne in mind that Blame did not have the privi
lege of making full use of it. and that the Democratic
administration which came into power neglected to
take advantage of such benefits as it 3'ielded. There
happened, moreover, the repeal of the McKinley
tariff, under which reciprocity treaties with several
South American nations had been arranged, and the
hard times, which paralyzed industry and commerce
to such a degree there was little inclination anywhere
to expand our trade southward.
Since then the war with Spain has given our Euro
pean competitors in Spanish American countries an
opportunity to rouse something of antagonism to the
United States among the people there, and we have
thus been handicapped in our efforts to promote trade
with them since our commercial activities have re
vived. The proposed meeting in Mexico will give us
a chance to prove to the delegates that the true inter
ests of all Central and South America are to be
sought in closer trade relations with the United
States. We are large consumers of the coffee, hides
and fine woods which they produce, and can in return
furnish them with machinery and manufactured good 3
better and cheaper than they can be obtained else
where.
The interests of California and other States of the
Pacific Coast in the proposed congress will be not
inferior to those of any other section of the Union,
and whenever it meets we should have ample repre
sentation. In the wonderful possibilities of the in
creasing trade of the Orient there is much to attract
our attention away from the countries and the mar
kets to the south of us, but the latter will be well
worth striving for. As soon, therefore, as the time
and scope of the congress are definitely announced,
our manufacturers and merchants should set about
arranging to profit by every opportunity it may offer
for an increase of our trade.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON, April 9.— Attorney Gen
eral Tirey L. Ford and Assistant Attor
ney General Abbott of California are at
the Normandle; Louis Glass of San Fran
cisco Is at the Raleigh; Mrs. P. Mcßean
and Dr. A. H. Giannlnl of San Francisco
are at the Arlington.
HIGH WATER MONEY MARK.
REPORTS of the Treasury Department for
April show there is now more gold, more sil
ver and a larger total of money of all kinds in
circulation among the people of the United States
than ever before in the history of the country. That
circulation is, moreover, attended by a widespread
prosperity and a general activity in trade in all sec
tions of the Union. Such is the condition that con
fronts Mr. Bryan as he wanders about the country
denouncing the gold standard, howling against trusts
end screaming calamity into the ears of all who will
The treasury statistics reveal the fact that the
cmount of money in circulation is not only absolutely
larger than in previous years, but it has more than
kept pace with the increase in population, and the per
capita circulation is the highest known. The total
amount is now in excess of $2,000,000,000, and the
per capita amounts to $26 12. It is to be noted, more
over, that the increase has been one of steady and
continuous progression since 1896.
A satisfactory feature of the showing is that there
has been an increase in the circulation of both sil
ver and gold. The amount of gold and silver certifi
cates in circulation on the Ist of the month was
$785,845,549, against $727,748,591 April 1, 1899;
$618,448,941 April 1. 1898; $554,582,096 April 1, 1897,
end $489,151,505 April 1. 1896, the increase during the
four years being $296,694,044, or 60 per cent. The
amount of silver in circulation, including standard
silver dollars, subsidiary silver, silver certificates and
treasury notes of 1890, which were issued for the pur
chase of 6ilver bullion and are to be retired when sil
ver is coined and put in circulation, amounts to
$631,133,689. against $626,982,804 April 1, 1899; $610,
661.729 April I, 1898; $569,024,775 April 1, 1897, and
$558,524,447 April 1, 1896.
All of this vast sum of money in circulation is as
pood as gold and honest as the day. We have not at
tained a fictitious display of wealth by scaling down
the value of the coin of the republic, as the Bryanites
desired in 1896 and as Bryan continues to advocate
row. Workingmen get their wages, clerks get their
salaries, and farmers, manufacturers and miners get
the price of their product in money that is equal to
the best on the globe. The Republican policies of
protection and sound money have once more been
put to the test of practice and have demonstrated in
operation their efficiency in promoting the welfare of
Once more, then, we enter a campaign in which the
voters will be confronted by a condition in opposi
tion to a theory. A widespread prosperity prevails in
the land, and every form of industry is benefited by it.
That prosperity is guaranteed by the legislation of
the land, which prevents it from the tinkering and
the blundering of incompetent and discontented poli
ticians. So long asUhe Government is in safe hands
so long will the welfare of the people be preserved,
but it would not take the Bryanites long to precipi
tate a period of financial disaster, industrial depres
sion and commercial stagnation. The very menace
of a free silver act would send gold into retirement,
$uddcn!y restrict the currency, and plunge the nation
into a state of confusion in comparison with which
the disasters of the Wilson tariff would seem like
pood times.
AUCTION SAXES.
Horses— At Ormonde Stable, 1515 Mission etreet. at 11 o'clock.
ORANGE FREIGHT RATES.
FROM the Los Angeles Saturday Post it is
learned that the railroad companies in their efforts
to extort from the industries of the State all the
traffic will bear have imposed upon the orange-growers
a burden in the way of freight rates that may prove
to be more than they can bear, and which in the end
may result in a serious injury, not to the orange men
only, but the whole of California.
The evil to which the Post objects is the raise in
the amount of oranges which shippers are required to
ship to make up carload lots. It is said: "This 13
a raise in the most injurious way. The object seems
to have been to make the raise in a masked form.
The shippers have added the thirty boxes the rail
roads insist on charging freights for. This over
crowds the capacity of the cars for safe carriage of
fruit, with the result of continuous and often heavy
losses from decaj\"
. If the results be as disastrous as is thus stated by
our well informed contemporary, the offense against
public welfare is one of the most serious the railroads
have committed for a long time, and earnest efforts
on the part of the people should be made to remedy
it. It is pointed out that the railroads under the
old rate took one-half of the gross proceeds of the
orange crop of Southern California, and that out of
the remaining half had to be paid the cost of man
aging, the groves, cultivation, irrigation, fertilization,
labor, taxes, and also all other costs other than freight
rates, such as picking, packing and selling. Thus the
increased burden put upon the growers seriously
menaces the profits of the industry as a whole.
Commenting upon the probable outcome of the
situation the Saturday Post says: "The railroads in
these things have made an ill-considered move that
discourages development not only in orange growing,
but in everything. To raise freight rates on a
business with reduced profits is not wise from an ex
clusive railroad point of view. The subject is of in
terest to all the people of Southern California. The
orange business brings from five to six million dol
lars a year into Southern California. In fact; taking
supplies, etc., into consideration, this crop causes
about twelve millions a year to circulate. The wel
fare of this important interest is of great moment to
merchants, railroads and all. The railroads should
in their 'own interest help rather than injure it."
The issue in the case does not affect Southern Cali
fornia alone, for an injury done to that section is
bound to have a hurtful effect upon the prosperity
of every portion of the State. All shippers should
therefore make a common cause with the orange
growers in seeking justice. United effort may attain
success where the orange-growers acting alone would
fail. This is one of the occasions where Californians
should put the strength of co-operation to the test.
POLITICAL RESPONSIBILITY
OF CALIFORNIA FARMERS
J.S . Taylor of the State Grange Appeals to Them to Elect Rep
resentatives at the Coming Primaries Who Will Look
After the Farming Interests.
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
BY J. B. TAYLOR
DITOR THE CALL: As the time
E approaches for primary elections in
this State at which delegates will
be chosen to county and Congres
sional conventions, which delegates
will have the nominating of legis
lative and Congressional candidates
In the different parties, it Is Important
that members of the grange and other
farmers in this State should use their best
endeavors to have delegates elected at the
primaries in their own party who repre
sent farming Interests and who will nom
inate such candidates to the State Legis
lature and to Congress as can be relied
upon to carry out the wishes of their con
stituents. .
Farmers, put up good, reliable men of
your own class— men who command the
respect of the community .In which they
live, men who are able to make a good
speech and to argue and hold their own
with the shrewd, practical politician, the
man who makes politics a profession,
usually a second-class lawyer who Is In
politics for what there is in It.
If farmers ever expect to obtain legis
lation favorable to their Interests from
Congress in the shape of postal savings
banks, a national pure food law, an ef
fective anti-trust law. a law controlling
railroad charges, a law prohibiting gam
bling on grain and provisions, a constitu
tional amendment requiring United States
Senators to be elected by popular vote,
a law to secure the speedy construction
and ownership of the Nicaragua canal by
the United States Government and an in
crease in the appropriation to further ex
tend the free delivery of mail in rural dis
tricts, they must see to it that men of
their own calling are elected to represent
them at Washington.
Aside from the pending national issues
upon which thefe is an honest difference
or opinion, farmers are intensely inter
ested and practically united upon many
important economic questions. • Prominent
among them Is the question of taxation.
Farmers want to know how to meet the
present high rates of taxation with de
creasing receipts from the farm. They
want to know why taxes should not be
assessed equally upon all kinds of prop
erty They want to know why olflcial
salaries under existing conditions should
be at the highest point ever reached in
this State. They want to know why the
demand for retrenchment In State ex
penditures is not heeded by our legislat
ors. They want to know why the State
Railroad Commission does not exercise
the authority given it under our laws in
preventing the railroads of the State from
raising their rates for transportation
when It suits their convenience. If this
commission cannot be made of service
to the public it should be abolished. What
service has the Highway Commission, at
an expense of over $11,000 annually, ren
dered to the State? It has failed to ac
complish anything, except to draw sal
aries and report. This commission should
be abolishea.
What necessity is there for an attorney
to the State Board of Health at a salary
°It Is asserted on good authority that
from $5000 to $10,000 In the shape of sal
aries can be cut off from nearly all the
State offices and their efficiency be in no
W A^d^o a iniegard to the State Unlver-
sity. While the people of California are |
disposed to be liberal in the -expenditure
of money raised by taxation for the pur- ,
poses of education, yet they demand that
such expenditure shall be applied. in an
economical manner. The Harbor Com
mission at San Francisco, according to
the report of a Senate committee ap
pointed three years ago, has been the
cause of more leaks from the public treas
ury than any other. It spent $350,000 more
on the Ferry depot than was originally
contemplated, because of the failure to In
clude the foundation in the first esti
mates. This had made It necessary to use
the money of the harbor improvement
fund, which had resulted In the stoppage
of work for several years on the sea
wall. The commission had from fifty to
seventy-live, absolutely useless employes
on the payroll. In three Instances em
ployes were carried in two capacities and
drew two salaries. There was also a pur
chasing department maintained at a cost
of $9000 a year, the purchases by this de
partment amounting to only $22,000. There
is no occasion for the employment of a
harbor police force. It being the duty of
the city tc protect the property.
Farmers, if you will nominate and elect
reliable representatives to the next Legis
lature you can reduce the amount of
money necessary to be raised by taxa
tion for State purposes by at least $500,
000, as shown above.
The salaries of the county officials of
the various counties of the State can be
justifiably reduced in many Instances,
and fees that are now paid to county offi
cials turned into the public treasury, thus
saving to the taxpayers another $500,000.
making a clear saving of $1,000,000 per an
num.
Is the farmer capable or qualified to
have a voice in the formation of laws
which are to regulate his financial inter
ests? We say yes, and he is personally
responsible for not having more tillers of
the soil in the State and national legisla
tive halls.
Grange members understand, and their
Influence Is extending to all farmers, that
they are the judges on all matters affect
ing their interests, whether they be local.
State, national or international. They
are beginning to see and feel that tbeir
sacred rizhts have been trodden under
foot of designing men. They are no
longer willing that the politician, or any
one else, should think for them and tell
them what to do. They propose to anal
yze all questions for themselves and use
their Influence in legislation. State and
national, to crystallize Into laws such leg
islation as they may find necessary to
place agricultural Interests on an equality
with the other industries of the country.
There never has been a time- In the his
tory of this country when fanners have
taken as much Interest In questions affect
ing their Interests as at present. Farm
ers have also learned to stand by and
work for and maintain their rights In the
great battles of trade and In the Inter
change of commodities. This independent,
self-reliant spirit will give new vigor and
importance to the agricultural classes and
securo for them fairness in the Inter
change of commodities and fair and Just
legislation.
The farmer recognizes that the founda
tion and perpetuity of this great republic
rest on the rights of the individual man,
whether that man is rich or poor, laborer,
mechanic, lawyer, professor, merchant or
farmer. If the rights of the individual
be surrendered or if the individual man
be robbed of his right by combinations of
men or combinations of money, or by law,
then the individual ceases to be a free
man, but exists as a slave, and the crown-
Ing glory of the republic has departed.
J. S. TAYLOR,
Lecturer California State Grange.
Napa. April 7. 1900. .
WHY NOT CONSTRUCT A NEW ONE, UP TO DATE, COLONEL?
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
PERSONAL MENTION.
C. C. Splnks, a big •!! man of Hanford,
13 at the Lick.
Mrs. S. D. Post and Miss Post of Stock
ton are at the Occidental.
R. M. Shackelford. a railroad man of
Paso Robles. Is at the Lick.
Frank Shaw, a prominent mining man of
Fortuna, Ariz., ts at the Grand.
W. E. Lawrence, a merchant of Vaca
vllle, and his wife are at the Lick.
Munro Archibald, a mining superintend
ent of Angels Camp, is at the Lick.
R. E. Jack, a banker and land owner of
San Luis Oblspo. is at the Palace.
Dr. C. L. Rusrgles of Stockton, president
of the State Board of Health. Is at the
Grand.
Louis Halle, editor of the American Ad
viser of Chicago, and his wife are at the
Grand,
Misses Julia Dean and Grace Lamkin
and Benjamin Howard of the Neill com
pany are at the Occidental.
Thomas Couch, a mlnirn? man. who has
large Interests In Montana and the north
ern part of this State. Is at the Palace.
11. Bradnober, manager of the Rothschild
mining Interests In California, and his
wife returned yesterday from London and
are at the Palace.
Baron Leo yon Rosenberg 1 , the New York
mining promoter who caused a sensation
here some time ago by carrying a lantern
through the streets. Is. back at the Palace.
He fortunately brought his lantern with
him.
TUESDAY.. APRIL 10. iooo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PrBL.ICA.TIOK OFFICE. .Market and Tlilr*. 8. ¦*•
Telephone Main ISOS.
EDITORIAL 800M5. .. .717 «o 221 St«T*««»n St.
Telephone Main IST-*.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Ctmiu Fer Weelc
Mwfcle Copleo. ." Cents.
Term* by 31*11. Including: Po»ta(T«i
CAILT CALL (including Sunday), on* year WOO
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), « months 8-00
D>AILT CALL <!nclu«Jlnt Sunday). 8 months 1-50
DAILY CALL — By Single liosib «5o
BL'KT>AT CALL One Year 1-50
WEEKLT CALL One Tear 1-00
All poatmaater* are antborlaed to receive
• abdcrlpttona.
6_rpJ« «ople« will be forward«d when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broader**
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
t.'anigwr Foreign Advertising, t«'arquette Building, Chicago
NEW TOR— CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON^ .. HeraM Sqvv
KEW TORK REPHE3EIfTATTVX:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribun* Building
CSHCAOO NEWB BT_ND6|
Sherman Hesse; P. O. .\>w« Co.; Great Maftaa HotaU
J-'rrcamt House; Auditorium Hotel.
KBTT TORK NEWS PTXSDI:
WaJ6orf-_«taria Hotel; A. Brrata—a. SI TTnton Square J
I' array Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Corrwpondent
» liriAACII OFFICES — :27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tir.ttl 9:ZO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. 639
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larldn. open until
f.v; o'clock. 1941 Mlfslon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Blxteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1086
Velencia, open until S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
9 o'clock. SW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open unti! 9 o'clock. •
cess attained by them does not justify the conclusion
that a civil service school would be equally beneficial.
To fit a man for command in war, either upon land or
sea, there is required a special training widely differ
ent from that required in any peaceful pursuit. No such
radical difference of training is required for the civil
service of the Government either at home or abroad.
Our colleges and universities can be safely trusted to
fit an ample number of young nien and women for
all such positions.
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that, notwith
standing the usefulness of the Government schools at
West Point and Annapolis, they have never been
popular. It has always been a source of complaint
that they have made our army and our navy among
the most undemocratic organizations of the kind in
the world. The graduates of these schools constitute
a caste according to their own notion, and outsiders,
however well fitted for promotion in the army, or the
navy, have been antagonized by the West Point and
the Annapolis clique.
That. evil the people have borne because compara
tively, few persons have desired to enter the army or
navy as a profession, but it will be quite different if
all the civil, consular and diplomatic offices of the
Government are to be given to a class educated at \
great Government school. The average American
may not wish an office, but he delights in knowing he
may aspire to it whenever he chooses. A new regu
lation, which would shut him out of the civil service
as effectually as he is now shut out of the army and
the navy, would cause a discontent that would abolish
the school almost as soon as the effects of it began
to be felt i:'v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1900.
OUR FRIENDLY CRITIC.
THE Humboidt Standard returns to its kindly at
tention and rebuke of The Call in relation to
the status of the tropical islands which are sup
posed to be the gift of fate to the United States. As
a gift they have so far been much like the whip found
in the Christmas stocking of the small boy who had
expected to find sugarplums.
The Standard says that Porto Rico was a wealthy
community, able to lend money to Spain, Cuba and
San Domingo, and was enjoying itself with four Sen
ators and twelve Representatives in the Spanish
Cortes.
The Standard seems to be of the opinion tnat the
islands had all of this swept away in last year's hur
ricane. We do not see any reference to the hurri
cane in the demand made by Porto Rico for free trade
with this country. The Examiner is moving the peo
ple to mutiny and rage by a picture of Porto Rico
as a lovely "female lady," stretching her plump but
manacled arms over a pile of coffee, sugar and to
bacco, and labeled,'"Starving in the Midst of Plenty."
No explanation is offered of why the lady does not
fall to and fill up on tobacco, coffee and sugar, which
is undoubtedly the "plenty" in the midst of which
her only breakfast is pulling her belt up another hole.
Our statement that tropical people are always poor
is not disturbed by the Standard's statement nor the
Examiner's pile of sugar and things.
We deny that Porto Rico and the Philippines are
entitled of right to any privileges under the constitu
tion, and we combat, therefore, the contention of the
Bryan Democracy, including the war paint and
feathered Iroquois Club of San Francisco, that their
people are our fellow citizens. We don't want free
trade with them, nor fellow citizenship, now nor
hereafter, world without end.
Just what the Standard has to complain about in
our position we are unable to see, for that paper,
after a column of fault-finding, says that it "does
not believe that these islanders became citizens of the
United States when they were taken away from Spain.
It does not favor free trade with these islands, nor the
free importation of coolie labor now in the Philip
pines. That is what the Democrats are contending
for, and what a few assistant Democrats in Congress
are trying to help them bring about. Rather than
make citizens of this motley horde of people the
Standard would favor cutting them adrift and allow
ing any European country which is strong enough to
take possession of them. But we are not reduced to
that alternative. They may be held and taught the
art of self-government, educated and made free, un
der the fostering care of the United States,"
Now the Standard has been reading all that ex
cept the last clause in The Call for two years. Will
it explains now what it means by "made free?" What
condition precedes being made free, and while they
are under our fostering care, which they are resist
ing with tooth, nail, bolo,' machete and bamboo
spear? Are they free now, and what are they to do,
what will be their political status, when "made free"
by us?
This is a subject for exact, thinking, and not for
vague phrasing and iridescent dreams. Let the Stan
dard do a little of that kind of thinking and report
the result to these headquarters.
A_LUSE_IEKTS.
Tlvol!— "The Bohemian Girt."
Orjifceum — Vaudeville.
Alcttar— "Quo Vaflis."
Grata Opera-house— "James WobberU, X. 8. 6.. Boston."
California — "A Bachelor's Romance." ,
Columbia — Wests'* Minstrels.
Fiecher'e Couccrt House — "Cavallerla Rustlcana."
Chutes. Zoo ar.3 Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•\ecins.
OJj-mpia. corner cf Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Gentry's Trained Animal Show, Saturday,
April 34.
El Campo— Dancing, bowling, fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
Western Turf Association — Races to-day.
6ADVERTISEMENTS.
+ +
4- The Easter number of The +
Call appears on Easter Sun-
+ day, April 15, and will sur-
4- pass anything of the kind ever +
+ published on the coast. -f
X " • "*
PREPARING FOR SERVICE
NORTH OF THE CIRCLE
General Randall • Getting- Ready to
Take Command of the Military
in Alaska.
Major Green, signal officer of this de
partment and soon to be signal officer of
the Department of Alaska, has returned
to his desk in this city after a trip to
Seattle, where he has been spending a
week in making preparations for his ser
vice in the far north.
Seattle is alive with people, he says,
and there is no talk but of the gold fields
at Nome. General Randall is getting
everything ready for the summer at St.
Michael, and by the Ist of May he ex
pects to start the transport Rosecrans
to Port Valdez with men and supplies.
She will return at once and •by June 1
he hopes to be able to have her return
to the Arctic circle with himself, his staff
and his headquarters; also the garrison
for St. Michael and supplies enough to do
for everybody. It is certain, too, that the
transport will make another trip with
supplies before the summer is, over. Just
how many of those who go up will re
main during the winter is a question not
yet discussed.
The old camp of the volunteers next to
the general hospital is all ready for the
casuals. There are now encamped there
all the casuals of the post, and before the
week is a day older 225 more will come
from the East with four officers of the
line and a surgeon. The orders from
Washington are that all officers except
Major Lockwood. who is in command of
the casuals, shall go into tents, and as a
consequence the casual officers are Join
ing the men out on the old parade ground.
No further news of the coming of the
Third Artillery headquarters has Deen re
ceived at the Presidio, but that it is
coming is not doubted. When that does
happen. Lieutenant Colonel Eskridge,
present commandant of the post, will
probably be assigned to duty as com
mandant of the casuals.
Cheney and the steamer President— are all
being fitted out there by the Alaska Pack
ers' Association.
The strike of the fishermen-sailors will
not affect* the sailing of the fleet to any
great extent, as the canneries can get all
the outside help they want. The sailors
ship for the round trip at so much, say
$75, and are allowed to flsh while the ship
is laid up and are given a fixed rate for
each salmon caught. Now that sailors
are scarce they demand an extra sum
for each fish, but the cannery people re
fused to give it to them. A strike fol
lowed and there was some trouble in get
ting a crew for one of the vessels, but
that is ail over with now and the vessels
fitting out will sail on time.
Besides the vessels named, the ship Bo
hemia is fitting out at Spear street, the
P^cllpse and Electra at Fremont, the In
diana at Beale, the steamer Kadiak came
off the marine ways yesterday and will
sail during the week, while the St. Nicho
las is at Beale street. The entire fleet
will take north about 10.000 men, and not
one of them will bring back less than
$200, while the majority will earn between
$500 and $600 during the season.
The Gracie S in a Gale.
The pilot boat Gracie S had a hard time
of it in Saturday's blow and came in yes
terday considerably the worse for wear.
During a' particularly heavy squall the
mainmast head carried away, a big sea
broke aboard and did considerable dam
age besides nearly washing Pilot Free
man overboard. Owing to the accident
the pilot boat had to come in and yes
terday as she passed along the front she
looked like anything but the trim Gracie
S that went out over the bar last week.
Battleship lowa in Fort.
The lowa returned from her cruise to
Ban Diego, Santa Barbara and Monterey
yesterday morning and anchored off Fol
som street wharf. While south the men
had some big gun practice and were given
25. I converse neither in German nor la
French.
Je ne parle ni francais ni allemand.
nee nee .
Whenever negations, such as pas (not>,
rien (nothing). Jamais (never), are used
together with a verb, the word ne is re
1 quired. Ne can be used with verbs only,
and must precede them, as:
Je n'al pas; 1 have not; nay pah.
Ne suis-Je pas? am I not?
Nuh swee-zjuh pah.
N'avais-ie pas? had I not? nah-vay .
Je n'etals pas; I was not; nuh-tay
pah. > ¦„
27. "Watch; la montre; montr.
2S. Clock: l'horloge: lor-lohge.
29. Figures; les chiffres: sheefr.
30. Hands: les aiguilles; laze-ay-gwee.
31. Dial; le cadran: kah-drong.
32. Timepiece; la pendule; pon-dool.
The French reckon time thus:
33. One o'clock; une heure: euhr.
34. Five minutes after; une heure cinq;
— — sank; (or) une heure cinq minutes.
(The abbreviated time is preferred.)
33. Two o'clock; deux heures; zeuhr.
3& Twenty after 2: deux heures vlngt.
o». Half past 3; trois heures et demle;
trwa zeuhr a demee.
35 % Ten to 4; quatre heures moms dlx.
Note— Literally th!s means "four o'clock
less ten." The former sentence means
' three o'clock and a half." The following
means literally "four o'clock and ten."
39. Ten after 4; quatre heures dix.
40.. Fifteen to six; six heures moms na
quart.
4L 12 a. m.; mldi; mee-dee.
42. 12 p. m.; minult; mee-noo-ee.
43. Twelve thirty; midl et demle (a. m.).
44. Twelve thirty; minuit et demie
9 (p. m.).
Note— ln speaking of time "douza
heures" Is never used. It means "twelve
hours."
43. How much will it cost?
Combien coOtera-t-11?
Kom-bee-yan koo-tra-teeL
45. When will it be ready?
Quand sera-t-elle prete?
Kong-s'rah-tell pret.
47. To-morrow at 11 sharp.
Demain a onze heures precise*.
zeuhr pray-seeze.
4S. Without fail? Sans faute? sang fot».
43. Shall I send for It?
Faut-11 I'envoyer chercher?
share-shay.
50. Give me your address.
Donnez-moi votre adresse.
Reading Lesson.
The following is the proper translation
of the French exercise of last lesson.
The student will carefully compare the
same as far as he is able, noting the dif
ference in the construction of the two
languages. It is advisable that each ex
ercise be corrected, copied and again com
pared. When all is found to be perfectly
correct, read each phrase aloud and study
it by heart:
(1) The horses of Xormandy are the fin
est in Europe. (2) The climate of thia
country is very mild. t3) It 13 milder In
our country. (4) Many persons go to
France to take the waters. (3> The* are
on the other side of the street. (S> What
is that house at the corner? (7) Is that
the Grand Opera-house? (S) The vegeta
bles in France are very fine. (3) Is the
cooking in that restaurant good? (10>
Here they give excellent meals and at
reasonable prices. (11) We are going to
have rain. (12) Do you think it will be
fine to-morrow? (13) How is your father
in-law?
Note — The most Important rule In the
division of syllables in French Is that they
are divided between consonants and sel
dom between vowels. When a consonant
stands between two vowels it belongs to
the second syllable, and not to the first.
A consonant followed by "1" or "r" is
never divided. Termination of verbs al
ways marks the beginning of another syl
lable. There are a few exceptions to the
above rules, but of minor Importance. A3
for the rest, it is much the same as in
English.
\ ocabulary— Je ne puis pas; I cannot.
Tard; late. Americaln; American. Res
sort; spring. Cassg; broken. J»ettoyez;
clean. Rftparez; repair. Ala fois; at the
same time. Demande; inquired. Combien?
how much? (or) how many? Compren
nent-ils? do they understand? A dit; has
said. En frangais; in French. Mesdamea
et messieurs; ladies and gentlemen. Beau
coup; many. De nos compatriotea; coun
trymen of ours. Comptez-voua? do you
expect? D'y aller; to visit It. Souvent;
often.
Read and translate into English:
(1) Quarante-et-unieme. Solxante - dlx
neuvleme. Cent soixante-et-unieme. (2)
Quatre cent neuvieme. Six cent douze.
L'annee mil neuf cents. (3) Xeuf heures
vingt. (4) Quatre heures vlngt-cinq. (5)
Huit heures moms vingt-cinq. (S) Je ne
puis pas beaucoup marcher. (7) A Paris
nous dinons toujours tard. (5) Le ressort
de ma montre est casse. (9) Ou demeure
l'phorloger amfiricain? (10) Xettoyez-la et
reparez-la a la fois. (11) Vous a-t-11 de
mandS l'adresse? (12) Combien de langnes
comprennent-ils? (13) II a dit en francais:
"Bonjour, mesdames et messieurs." (14)
II y a beaucoup de nos compatriotea a
l'exposltion. (la) Comptez-voua y aller
souvent?
Note— The English translation of this
exercise will be found in the following
lesson, which will be published on next
Tuesday."
These dark streaks often appear to b»
branches or offshoots of the bright flash.
The differences in tone in such photo
graphs are so slight that it is impossible,
for reasons which will appear in a later
paper, to reproduce them successfully in a
newspaper. Distinctions which are per
fectly well marked on the negative would
probably not show in the printed repro
duction.
The Clayden Effect.
The cause of these dark flashes was for
some time obscure. A partial explanation
was given ten years ago by Professor
Clayden of the Royal Albert College, Exe
ter. He observed that if a plate which
had received the impression of a lightning
flash or electric spark was subsequently
slightly fogged, either by exposing It to
feeble diffused light or by leaving the lens
of the camera open, the flash or develop
ment came out darker than the back
ground. If. however, the fogging took
place before the image of the spark was
Impressed the flash came out brighter
than the background, as in ordinary pic
tures of lightning. This Is. therefore, not
the usual effect of photographic reversal.
In which a very intense light, in the latter
part of its action, undoes the work which
was performed upon the film by the first
part and blots out or completely reverses
the image. The order in which the Ughu
are used is important.
Wood's Experiments.
Th© matter has been taken up recently
by Professor "Wood of the University of
Wisconsin, to find the cause underlying
the action discovered by Olayden. He re
peated Clayden's experiments and ob
tained the effect without difficulty. It re
mained only to discover the exact prop
erty to which the effect was due.
The plate obtained by Wood, which, for
reasons already given It la impossible to
reproduce here successfully, "shows a
series of spark Images, some normal, some
partly reversed, others wholly reversed.
•¦••• The sparks were all of e<lual
Intensity, but after each discharge the ris
diaphragm of the lens was closed a little.
It will be seen that the borders of the
brisrht sparks are reversed. In some the.
image is reversed with the exception of a
narrow thread down the core. The ima;es
were impressed in succession on the plate
by moving it in the camera. • • • Of
course, the rooimwas in total darkness.
After exposure the plate was exposed to
the diffused light of a candle for a second
or two and then developed.
Other experiments appeared to show a
difference in action between two llghta
from different sources, sufficient to pro
duce the same amount of blackening or
development; but further careful work
made it evident that the time element was
the important factor, and that the effect
did not depend upon any peculiar property
of the electric spark, other than Ita ex
ceedingly short duration.
This idea was confirmed by using an aro
as a source of light. The extreme short
ness of exposure was attained by means
of a stationary and a revolving slit,
through which the light passed only when
they coincided. The plate was allowed to
fall In front of these slits, and an exposure
of 1-65.000 of a second was thus obtained.
The effects produced were exactly similar
to those obtained when the spark was the
source of light.
Wood concludes "that the action of an
intense light on a plate for a very brief
time interval decreases the sensitiveness
of the plate to light": and he says: "I
am not prepared to say what the nature
of the change effected in the plate is.
Possibly some one familiar with th«
theory of sensitive emulsions can answer
the question." Experiments which. It Is
stated, are now \v nroereas may helo to
this final answer.
Kodaks, Cameras, Films, Plates. Velox
Paper, Sollo Paper, Trays, Printing
Frames. 'Albums, developers and develop-
lmr at Sanborn & Vails. Til Market st. *
THE WEEKLY CALL
ENLARGED TO 16 PAGES. $1.00 PER YEAR.
High Chief Ranger Coming.
; O. A. McElf resh, high chief ranger of
the Independent Order of Foresters, left
his home In Los Angeles on Saturday on
a tour of visitation north, and on the 17th
Inst. will be In this city, when he will visit
all the local courts.
A Feast of Music
Combined with the feast for the "Inner man,"
both of which can be had at Zlnkand's, make
It the most popular place in the city. •
AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK, 25i!;K
TWO WEEKS. Beginning Saturday, April 14th.
GENTRY'S * # #.U..t
Trained Animal Show!
Larsrer and Grander than Ever. Twice its
former size. Three Hundred Elephants. Ponies.
Monkeys and Dogs. Giving positively the most
unique and novel exhibition : ever witnessed
under canvas. Representing j the highest pos-
sible development of animal intelligence. 75—
WONDERFUL ACTS— 7S. More startling and
difficult than ever cerformed by their human
prototypes in the sawdust arena. The ¦ fad of
the fashionables and an instructive show for old
and younu. A most moral and refined enter-
tainment. The cleanest and best dressed ex-
hibition on tour. Admission— Children, 10c;
Adults, 28c- Performance at 8 o'clock after-
noon, 8:30 night. See Grand. Parade at noun
•>9<-h day. Show rain or Khlne.
— EVERY NIGHT INCLUDING EUNDAT.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED.
THE FAD OF THE HOUR.
"QUO VADIS!"
SEATS SIX DATS » ADVANCE.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
£!bf2rrllt! b f2rr1It£ R: ; A Comedy
EMPIRE COMEDY FOUR; / Bill «f
FI STEBEINS; / J* 111 ul
MATTHEWS and HARJUS: / I JKHr-
JJARRY COGILL and / vuaul
MAY ARLEA; / 03SS6Q
EARL a-nd SHEPHERD; / P {" iwu »" <
Carrie behh. / tK6ll6nce.
= LAST WEEK OF==
.A.. L. GUILLE.
TWervpfl Seats, 25c; Balcony, 19c; Opera
C£air« ar.d B> x S^ats, COc.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
PISCHER'Q
-B- CONCERT HOUSE
1 22- 1 24 O'PA/trtELL ST.
r. A. FIECHFR Prop
GEORGE HOQBBB Manager
Tb« ;. r^:...- ¦::.*•!¦! Music Hail In America,
Th* Best Orchf«tra in the City.
OUR TIME TABLE:
NEW BILL TO-NIGHT.
f:0O-AT;GUrr HINTUCH3' SUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
E5»-6IGNOttIXA PUERERL
« :2i— PENORITA PALVINL
*:(C-BABT RUTH.
»33-HSXCXORm* POLLETTINI.
*:S3— FIGNORINA BARDUCCI.
lft:l7— DUET— VAROAS-BALVINL
20::*— BABY RUTH.
11:00 to 13 :«!¦>— "CAVALLERTA RUSTICANA."
' I6c ADMISSION l»c
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIXTH MEETING. April • to 21. inclusive.
Eix fc'-th-clafes running races every week day,
rtin or r.hine. b'-sinrtiuir at 1:30 p. ra.
Tbe HeiiJ T»int»>i racetrack of America. Pa-
trtMi* «ep directly from the railroad cars into '
m. superb erand etand, glaes-lncloeed, where,
comfortably housed in bad weather, iney caa
en.loy *n uncbttrucW view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Towrsend etreets at
JO:f<o. l«: 4» and 11:30 a. ra. and 12:15. 12:36/ 12:60
and 1:25 p. m.. returning immediately after
latt race «t 4:45 p. m. Peats in rear cars re-
rTved for v/otnen and their wenrts. No emuk-
ins. Valencia tireet. 20 minutes later.
Sen Jom and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at I2:ii p. m. Leave Ban Bruno at 4:00
and 4:4S p. m.
HATES— San Frar.c'sco to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admission to track. $1.23.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
T. X- ORFKN. Pocr*-t.«ry and Uiouer.
A Palpable Hit! 4
An Unqualified Success \r
MR. JAS. NEILL &*
And His Incomparable KEILL ym
COMPANY. Presenting Sol f*. *****r-rJy
Smith Russell's Great-
en Comedy Success, VjJasiL'
"f\ Bachelor's Romance."
Lavish Scenic Mountings.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
REMEMBER
TWO MATINEES— THURSDAY AND SAT-
URDAY.
NOTE.— Children under 7 years of ass not ad-
mitted to' any Neill performances.
Every Night, Including Sunday— Matinee Eat.
Wm. H. West's BIG
A FEW OF THE
bjg Minstrel
HITS. f .
CARROLL, JOHNSON. llfhi I DQ I
RICHARD J. JOSE. tIIiUIICC 1
WATERBfRY BROS. HW '" '
AND TENNY. ==7O =
KRED V.'ARREN. GREAT FIRST PART!
THE LUKEN BROS. ==7O =
S-MARVELLES— 3. Special Feature— The
JOHN P. RODGERS. Spectacular
"CHARGE OF
-* SAN JUAN HILL."
SPECIAL PRICES— 2Sc, 3Sc, EOc, 75c. |L
PHONE MAIN K2.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW NIGHT.
THE IMMENSE HIT,
Richard Walton Tully'e Successful Farce.
James Wobberts, I.S.S. Boston."
Character* by Student* of the University of
_ California.
THURSDAT AND FRIDAY EVENINGS and
SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MiNBTREL and VAUDEViLLE ENTERTAINMENT
BY 100 STUDENTS-! l— it— BY 100 STUDENTS
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT. April 15-Our
New Extravaganza Company In Hender-
sons \ er«ion of
"AN ARABIAN GltiL."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved f.«at at all matlneee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Ofnce. Emporium.
Baa B m m £gm± m m
*TiVOLi*
A PRONOUNCED ARTISTIC. A MUSICAL
SUCCESS!!
. I¦- Balfe's Beautiful Ballad Opera.
Ti BOHEMIAN M
EVERY EVENING. _MATJNEE SATURDAY.
SPECIAL!!— NEXT WEEK-SPECIAL!!
Frank Daniels' Great Comic Opera,
"THE WIZARDOF THE NILE"
Popular Prices - - 250 and 50c.
Telephony Bush ».
United States Secret Service Changes.
Robert S. Browne, formerly chief of the
United States Secret Service Bureau In
this city and recently attached to the
Los Angeles division, has been transferred
from Los Angeles to this city and will re
main here for several months. ' Assistant
John F. Cronin of this city will take Mr.
Browne's place in Los Angeles.
Everybody Invited
To the opening of the Boston Shoe Co.
sale to-morrow, where 1000 pairs of ladies'
fine kid ties worth $1 75 will be sold for 50
cents a pair at the Boston Shoe Co.'s, 775
Market street. •
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton
Note.— These papers on practical science have
been prepared for The Call's Home Study Circle
by Professor William J. Hopkins of Dreiel In
tltute.
m. DARK LIGHTNING.
Lightning appears to us In- various
forms. It was recently classified as follows:
Forked or jagged lightning, branched
lightning, heat lightning, sheet lightning,
globular lightning, dark lightning. Forked
lightning is the usual severe kind.
Branched lightning Intertwines and chases
over the whole sky, forming an Interlaced
network. Heat and sheet lightning are
but the general illumination of the cloud
sheet from internal or distant discharges.
Globular lightning is that peculiar and In
frequent phenomenon in which a ball of
fire seems to move with comparative slow
ness or to roll about over the ground like
a. football. Persons are occasionally found
who aver that they have dodged or
jumped over these nery footballs, which
then burst. What they are has not yet
been determined, and there are not a few
people who doubt their existence. Dai*
lightning— there is no such thing In na
ture as dark lightning. By the term
"'dark lightning" is meant a certain pe
culiar eftect often produced upon a pho
tographic film by lightning discharges.
The name is due to the fact that the pho
tographic image of a lightning flash, in
stead of being brighter than the surround
ing sky, is darker. This refers, of course,
to the print, not to the negative.
Photographs. of Lightning.
Within the last ten years it has become
more and more common to attempt to ob
tain photographs of lightning discharges.
A great many good ones have been ob
talned and they have led to the increase
of our knowledge as to the behavior of
lightning. For obvious resons these at
tempts are usually made at night. The
camera is pointed in the direction of the
storm, the lens uncovered and the slide
drawn. Then, after the occurrence of one
or more good Hashes that plate is removed
and a fresh one exposed.
Multiple Flashes.
Many Instances might be given of the
occurrence of several flashes side by aide,
sometimes as many as ten or fifteen, over
exactly similar paths. If the camera were
moved with sufficient rapidity, any se
vere Hash would produce an image some
what like this, because of ita oscillatory
character. If the camera is not moved,
however, this cannot be the cause. The
explanation is probably as follows; A sin
gle lightning discharge, in passing through
the air, heats the air very greatly- and
thereby creates a path of weakness
through which a second discharge can
pass more easily. Moreover, in the severe
portion of the storm the wind is usually
blowing with high velocity. This heated
and weakened streak in the air Is thU3
carried bodily onward, with little or no
distortion in shape for several seconds,
at least: and if the electrical action is
powerful enough, successive discharges
will pass through the same portion of air,
which has meanwhile moved onward, pos
sibly ten or fifteen feet. Such action will
produce in the photograph the effect of
a multiple flash.
Park Lightning.
In addition to the effect just mentioned,
it is often noticed that there exist, on the
same photograph, some white streaks,
images of lightning discharges of the
usual character, ana one or more fainter
streaks of the characteristic form, but
darker than the darkness of th« slur.
AMUSEMENTS.
AJdUEEMENTS.
EMPLOYES RESTORED
TO THE PAYROLL
Board of Health Guards Against Pos
sibility of a Surplus in Its
Appropriation.
At a special meeting of the Board of
Health yesterday morning resolutions
were adopted restoring to the payroll
several employes of the department who
have been workingr'wlthout salary for the
past six weeks. It was found on investi
gation that there were sufficient funds
in the appropriation to warrant such ac
tion and as a result the following will
again draw salaries from April 15 next:
Health Officer O'Brien, $230 per month;
Secretary Brown, 5175; City Physician
Morrissey, $150; Chemist Green, JloO; As
sistant Chemist McQueen, $100; taxicolo
gist, $50; Bacteriologist Kellogg, $150.
thirty-five sailing vessels going to Nome.
In addition to the testimony taken at his
office Agent Evans has sent out a circular
letter to shipping men to which they are
returning answers. The shipping houses
Jn this city engaged in the Cape Nome
trade are the following: Alaska Commer
cial Company; Alaska Exploration Com
pany; Pacific Steam Whaling Company:
H. R. Duffln & Co.; A. W. Beadle & Co.;
Kimball Steamship Company; Pioneer
Steamship Company; Williams, Dimond &
Co.; Alaska Transportation Company; H.
LJebes; W. E. Nesbitt; Nome Beach L. and
T. Co.; H. W. Burke & Co.; Lewis Ander-
Bon & Co.; James Neylan; H. J. Johnston;
Independent Transportation Company;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company. There
are twenty large concerns and shipping
houses at Seattle that will send steam ves
sels to Cape Nome this year. There are
several new steamers to bo put on the
line, among these being the steamers
Rainier and John S. Kimball from this
port, the Centennial. G. W. Dickinson,
Robert Dollar and Santa Ana and the
Nome City from Portland.
Fitting Out the Cannery Fleet at Howard -Street Wharf.
ries. The Jury found that the accident
was due to the negligence of defendant's
employes and entered judgment accord
ingly.
II ny a pas de quoi.
Eel nee-ab-pa-duh kwa.
Note,— ln French we do not say, 'T am walk
ing." but use the simple verb. "I walk."
which rule holds good for any verb la any per
son and number.
The student must remember that in order
to render a verb interrogatively — that is,
to ask a question— lt becomes necessary
to reverse the crder of the verb and pro
noun. Thus the verb Is placed first and
the> pronoun last, both Joined with a hy
phen, as, Marche-Jo (walk I), meaning:
Do I walk?
Note.— The student will find It the greatest
possible assistance to write and rewrite these
verbs, as well as those which will be given In
the following- lessons, pronouncing them aloud
and repeating them over and over again, until
he grows thoroughly familiar with them and
their equivalent English meanings.
Traverser; to cross: trah-ver-say.
Arriver; to arrive; arr-eev-ay.
Commander; to order; kom-man-day.
Manger; to eat; mon-zjay.
18. Speak slowly, please.
Parlez lentement, s'il vous plait.
lant-mong
19. Pronounce the word.
Prononcez le mot.
Pro-non-say luh mo.
20. Repeat it again.
Repetex-Ie; ray-pay-tay luh.
21. Say it once more.
Encore une fois; on-kor oon fwa.
22. Do you understand mo?
Me coroprenez-vous? — —
23. I do not understand you.
Je ne vous comprends pas; —
24. I have made a mistake.
J'ai fait une erreur.
Zjay fay toon er-ruhr.
23. Which language do you speak?
Quelle langue parlez-vous?
Kell long
Ml
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1900.
¦f(fmFs Centemeri
wj,M - ouede (jloves
for Easter — $ 1.50« pair
w. m. smith, Agent 200 Post Street
25 Per Cent Saved
POn Your Next Suit
by Retting It made at Joe
Poheim' a.
Hundreds of samples of
tlie newest and best materi-
als of the season •to select
BUSINESS SUITS—
$15.50 to 925.
DRESSY SUITS—
920 to $40.
JOE POHEIM,
The Tailor,
1110-1112 Market street.
201-203 Montgomery street.
ftlilfr vi^ i vi
if i llPi I JJ
p J|B{ IN A CONCENTR&TED FORM p
I 'lllP' GF * EAT EST DISCOVERY
C t III II oftheage C
I [fe©;| p OR THE REMOVAL OF DISEASE V
Zl'Sili PRICE $1-00 fl BOTTLE. TJ
'iaife'!— -til The World's Great Medicine without ffk
iiP IjljSjm'l j Drugs or Alcohol for Healing the
'P ifiS^'i'l Sfck b y Removing the Cause
Ofi ||jjgP.p of Dl»ea«e. C\
|jl;!!^M;| DESTROYS II
¦:||d; BACTERIA, MICROBE, ANIMAICtM
Ml H^£r! 'ii Cause Fermentation, Decay and Death. |^|
¦I'a PSSN'i PREPARED BY
Ei §11 ELECTROZONE MF'G CO. "H
New York. Chicago. San Francisco. «ti
I
Contains 48 doses of the great ELECTROZONE, which is curing
people of the most aggravated cases of Rheumatism, Kidney
and Bladder Ailment, Stomach Trouble, Catarrh and all Biood
Diseases. Price $1 a bottle. Get ELECTROZONE this day.
Ail drug stores. Send for pamphlet. ELECTROZONE MFG.
CO.. San Francisco. Don't forget.
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION
(Copyright, 1900, by
Seymour Eaton
Note.— These lessons have be«n prepared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Benno Kirschbaum of Philadelphia. They are
Intended primarily for Americans who purpose
attending the Paris Exposition. The lessons In
clude (1) common French words and phrases.
(2) easy conversation and (3) simple reading
lessons.
LESSON NO.&— HTJTTTEME LECON.
A Few Useful Hints.
1. In former lessons we gave the student
a brief outline of the article, i. c.. the defi
nite article "the." To make such import
ant parts complete we pive now the In
definite article "a" or "an," and advise
the student to compare it with the defi
nite, making sentences with such nouns
as he can remember.
The indefinite article "a" or "an" Is ex.
pressed as follows:
Before any masculine noun In the singu
lar, un, as un frere. a brother; frayr.
Before any feminine noun In the singu
lar, une, as une hOtesse, a landlady; — •
oh-tess.
2. Of is usually translated Into French
by "de," as
The size of the house.
Le grandeur de la malson.
gron-duhr
3. If, however, de stands before a vowel
or h mute, It is rendered by &', as: of a
(or) an dun or dune; dung; doon.
Memory Exercise.
1. Good-morning, sir.
Bonjour, monsieur;
• 2. Good evening, madam.
Bonsolr, madam e; swahr.
Note.— The French do not say "good morn
ing" or "good afternoon." but always greet one
another "bonjour" (good day) or "bonsolr"
(good evening). In leaving on» another at a
later hour after tapper they say 'bonne-nult"
(good night); bohnn-nwee.
3. I thank you, I am well.
Je vous remerde, Je me ports blea.
ruh-malr-see
Note.— Literally. "I carry mysalf watt."
4, How do you like the exposition?
Comment trouvez-vous rexposltion?
Kom-mong
6. Have you been there?
T avez-vous fite? Ec zettay.
6. When were you there?
Quand^y avez-vous «tfi? —
7. Are you going there again?
V allez-vous encore?
Ec zonkore.
8. When?
Quand? kong.
The French "how do you do" Is ex
pressed by "how do you go" — com
ment^allez-vous — or "how do you carry
yourself" — comment vous portez-vous
por-tay voo.
9. How la your family? Comment va la
famllle? fam-ee.
nay noo vwar.
10. Come to see us; venez nous voir; ven
nay noo voar.
1L I will see you later; a tantot;
taun-to. -
12. Good-by; au revolr; o reh-vwar.
Au plalslr; o play-zeer.
13. Where is the barber shop?
Ou puis-Je trouver le coiffeur?
kwaf-fuhn
14. Where is the telegraph office?
Ou est le bureau de telegraphe?
tay-lay-graf.
15. Is the telephone in the building?
V a-t-11 un telephone dans cc batiment?
ee-ah-teel
16. I thank you very much; mercl bien.
17. Do not mention It.
7
NEWS OF THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
AMERICAN FLEET
FOR CAPE NOME
ASTOUNDS EVANS
Cannery Fleet Keeping a Big
Force of Men Busy on
the Beach.
Strike Among the Sailor Fishermen
Will Not Delay the Sailing of
the Vessels for the Fish
ing Grounds.
The cannery fleet is being rapidly dis
patched to Alaska and another week or
so will see the rush of getting ready over.
Just at present Howard street wharf is
the busiest spot on the front because of
the salmon fleet. Four vessels — the ships
Tacoma and Santa Clara, the bark B. P.
the usual monthly drill. At Monterey
there was a great deal of short liberty
and both officers and men had a good
time. The battleship will probably re
main in port a month, after which she
may go north to Seattle.
Robbed on the Sonoma.
T. Noda reported to the Harbor police
yesterday that while on his way from
Napa on the river steamer Sonoma he had
been robbed of $5000 in checks. According
to the etory told Sergeant Cullen by the
Japanese, the checks and some other val
uables were in a valise which he intrusted
to his servant. The servant went to sleep
and the satchel disappeared. The checks
were all on the Yokohama Specie Bank
and Noda has stopped payment on them.
Water Front Notes.
The ex-auxiliary cruiser Badger Is now
alongside, the Logan at Folsom street
wharf. When she went out of commission
at the navy yard she was dismantled and
in that condition she was turned over to
the army people. It will take some time
to get the fixtures from Mare Island, and
until they arrive little can be done toward
fixing up the vessel.
The transport Sheridan came over from
quarantine yesterday and anchored off
Folsom street wharf. She will not dock
until the Hancock goes out with the Phil
ippine Commission, on the 15th inst.
H. P. Liaurltzon. late of the river steam
er Mary Garratt, has been given com
mand of the Santa Fo's new ferry steamer
Ocean Wiwe. The Ocean Wave will go
into commission on May 1.
Reinsurance on the British ship Annie
Thomas has now advanced to 93 per cent.
The vessel is now out 255 days from Car
diff for Acapulco with a cargo of coal.
Thomas Anderson, the driver of a coal
wagon, received a peculiar injury on Beale
street wharf yesterday. He was driving
under a sign, and raising his head sud
denly was caught in the back of the neck
by the piece of wood. When taken to the
Harbor Hospital he was found to have a
severe wound on the back of his head and
to be paralyzed from the shoulders down.
Dr. Morrison sent him to the central hos
pital.
William Keating, an employe of the
Thompson Bridge Company at Point Rich
mond, fell on an adze yesterday and near
ly bled to death before assistance came.
He was brought to San Francisco In a
launch and- sent to a private asylum.
She Gets Damages.
A Jury in Judge Hunt's court yesterday
found Judgment in favor of Carrie E. Mil
ler and against Anais Hale for $5000 dam
ages for personal injuries. Plaintiff fell
down the elevator shaft in the old Su
preme Court building, Larkin and McAl
lister streets, and sustained serious inju-
He Gets a List Showing Over
One Hundred Vessels to
Enter Trade.
Millions of Dollars Bepresented by
Investments in Shipping Threat
ened by Plan for New
Northern Sub-Port.
Special Government Apent £.vans nas
ascertained that the opposition to the
scheme of making Cape Nome a sub-port
of entry is very strong. Yesterday he re
ceived a list of vessels flying: the Ameri
can flag, engaged in the Cape Nome trade
and the Alaskan trade generally that rep
resented millions of dollars invested in the
United States. Coupled with this list was
a strong protest. A summary shows that
there are 107 American vessels that will be
engaged during the coming season. Of
these the majority are steamers, so far
as this port is concerned; but the pre
ponderance of sailing vessels elsewhere
makes the footings thus: .
Total number of American vessels
engaged in the Alaskan trade from
Pacific Coast ports, 107; steamers, 4S; sail
vessels, 59. From this port the following
steamers are to go this year to Cape
Nome: St. Paul, Portland, Rainier, Zea
landia, Valencia, Thrasher, Jeannle. San
Pedro, Luella, John S. Kimball, Albion,
Alcha, Sequoia, Noyo, South Portland,
Elihu Thompson, Aberdeen, Alexander,
Morning Star, Senator, Willamette, The
sailing vessels from San Francisco for
Cape Nome are twenty-one In number.
Two steamers and two sailing vessels will
go from this port to Kadiak and Una
laska, Seattle has nineteen steamers anders. (3 50<g»; cows, S3 10JJ4 60; heifers, $3 25(^
4 9i>: canners, $2tJ2 80; bulls. J2 75@4 35; calves,
$3 2. r >@7 50; Texas, best on sale to-day, two cars
at $'¦ 40. Texas-fed steers, $4@5 40; Texas bulls
$3 2353 73. . '
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 28,000; to-morrow,
estimated, 20.0C0; left over. 2500. Generally 5@
10c higher; active; top, $3 65; closing . strong,
highest- points so far of the -year.' Mixed and
butchers, $5 20Q5 62ft; good to choice heavy.
NEW YORK. April 9.— The - Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet to-day on tem
porary tightness of money and the holiday feel
ing. Americans opened with an appearance of
activity and strong continental demand for
Union Pacific, which rushed up to Oft and then
slackened. New York sold them $1 down, ne
glecting the rest of the list. ¦ which drooped
fympathettcally, except Norfolk and Western
and Chcsa;>eake and Ohio, which both sides
bought en a rumor of a soft-coal combination.
Coppers were strong early and Paris made a
fresh record in Tlntos. closing at H\c Ana
t-ondas were llUlill'-e. Utahs were wanted.
%Var loan calls cauned money to stiffen. The
t.anks did a big business In discounts and loans
at i per cent for three days, accordingly dis
counts were tins, at the bank IHi ¦illji ¦¦ilUilrt'
The ban!: lost £25,000 gold to Bucharest and
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Mar. May. July.
Opening B 10ft 6 9%
Closing 5 103 i 6 10%
Wheat— ' Mar. May-Aug.
Opening 20 70 22 00
Closing 20 SO 22 00
Flour —
Opening •. : 27 15 28 70
Closing 27 30 28 SO
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, April 9.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, April 7. 1900, as complied by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Increase. Decrease.
Wheat, bushels ...55.412,000 1.263,000'
Corn, bushels 23,019.000 1,456,000 .......
Oats bushels 7.474,000 S2 COO
Rye. bushels 1,276,000 23,000
Barley, bushels.... 712,000 . .... 83,000
Chicago Livestock Market:
CHICAGO. April 9.-CATTLE— Receipts, 17,-
CCO. Generally 10c higher; active. Natives, best
on' sale to-day, four carloads at $5 75; good to
prime steers, $3 10@5 90; poor to medium, $4 25@
5 00; selected feeders, $4 23® 4 90; mixed stock-
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. April 9.— The etock market
made the expected response to Saturday's un
favorable bank statement by a general draw
ing in of FX-eculatlve ventures. The selling
pressure was not ijarticulariy severe in the
general market, but with the curtailment of
the buying demand, consequent upon the dis
appointment over the bank showing, the bur
den of offerings was sufficient to bear down
prices to a lower level. The higher range of
price* In London and an opening here above
Saturday's level on the sympathy did not
ha%-c the hoped-for effect of dissuading seller*.
On the contrary the higher prices bceiucu ttt
Invite profit-taking and the opening gains were
not long maintained. ' The acute depression
manifested by Sugar had an additional ln-
Caence In depressing the market. This mer
curial Industrial save evidence during the lat
ter part of the day cf being oversold, and
after having fallen nearly eight points, re
covered more than half of the decline. The
room-tradi rs who had sold the list on the
Ftrength of the weakness in Sugar were driven
to cover by this rally and the aggressive
strength developed at a few other points. As
a consequence the closirj; was active and firm
&t a level considerably above the low point
of the day. but showing net declines for the
majority of the nocks. The weakness of
SuKar in the morning caused uisms of lively
*ymj>atl]y at other points In the industrial
list. People's Gas. the Tobacco stocks and a
nuirbfr of iron and steel stocks fell away
#ar'.y from 1 to 3 points. The strength man
ifested by the New York tractions served as
an offset to this and the railroad list main
tained a condition resembling suspended ani
mation. Large inroads upon the Pacific stocks,
Pennsylvania and the grangers turned the tide
toward depression when aggressive strength
developed In Missouri Pacific. This stock
moved up to T. 4 1-: in th* late transactions on
heavy buying and Brooklyn Transit rose
buoyantly to 79ft with a stimulating eflVit
on the genera! list. Very heavy Helling orders
•wers attributed to Chicago account and a
sharp fall in New York exrhange at Chicago
to 35 cents di»;our.t may have Jieen due to
this caure. The street was full of rumors ell
day regarding Sugar end having to do with
the rise In jince of raw sugars. Brooklyn
transit tm manipulated l>y a pool with a
preliminary tip for an advance. Disappoint
ment over the rr-riorted terms of the People's
Oas-Og3en settlement was the cause of weak
net* in People's Gas. London showed a dis
position to buy Ftocks here In spite of the
•stiffness of the I^ondon money market on the
taking up of another installment of the war
loan but last week's large Increase in loans
here is generally attributed to large borrow
ings for London account to carry stocks here.
Although the i-tork market weakened on the
banks' •howing the money market failed to
sliow any effect cf the decrease In resources
of the banks.
Buf-iness in bends was of moderate volume
and prices were well held. Total sales, par
value. J2.4r>3.000.
United States old 4s and la declined M, In
the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Efcar** Closing
•-.'.''¦ Atchison 27ft
'1.120 Atohiscr. r-ref4 71H
7 41»4 lialtlmore 6c Ohio 84 : j;
600 Canadian Pacific 97*4
2.4?« Canada Southern C7H
21.370 Chesapeake & Ohio 3C s i
125 Chicago Great Western 14ft
j;,3.'>5 Oiicago. Burlington & Qulncy 130
1,450 Chicago, Indionß;>clis & loutsvlKe... 2C*;
... . Chicago, lrA & Louisville jjrefd r.7ft
Chicago & Kisf-rn Illinois IC3
410 Chicago A: N< rthwoftern IC3
5.500 Chicago. Kotk Island & Pacific 111%
4,<CO C C C & St L-rtils C4'i
Colorado Southern Cft
Colorado Southern lFt prefd 44
Colorado Southern Id prefd 18
400 I>elaware *: Hudson 117
TOO Delaware. Lack & Western lSO'i
J,<fiO Denver A- Ulo Grande 21»i
ICB Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73',
200 Erie IS%
<20 Kr'.e lrt pr»rJ 41%
, Great Northern prefd.. 16*
I.CSO HocV-ln? Cial IS";
270 Hnckir.g Valley 39' i
J.l'X) Illinois Central lU\.
.« Icwa Central IS-;
lowa Ontral prefd S4'i
Kfl Kan* City Plttfburg & Gulf IS
Lake Krle & Western ZZ'i,
Lcke IMe ft Western r.-efd t7ft
Lake Shore 200
4.370 Louisville &¦ Nashville f.Z\
J7 9fH> Manhattan nievated 9%v t
J.!CO Metropolitan Strett Railway IC6-4
jno Mexican Central 13',;
Sin Mirir.t-ajX'''-'' & Ft Louis CS
ioo Wlnncanollr. & St Louis prefd Mft
re.7« Mlt-sourl Pacific T-* % »
JfiO Mobile & Ohio 47
100 Missouri. Kansas X- Texas 3J^i
I^o Mlesoori. Kansas f: Texas prefd 26ft
ten New Jersey Central 120
4.1 r 3 New York Central 137 vi
6.VM Norfolk & Weftern 36
400 Norfolk &¦ Western prefd.. 7Gft
l«>.<*o Northern Pacific e^H
2.147 Northern Pacific prefd .: 7K,
2.100 Ontario & Western 21%
Oresoa Rr & Nay 42 j
Oregon Ry & Nay prefd 76
22.495 Pennsylvania 141W
S.OCO Reading 19* i
7.449 Reading Ist prefd 63»i
6.550 Reading 2d prefd 34ft
Rio Grande Western 63ft
Rio Grande Western prefd 89
750 St Louis & San Francisco 11
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
$00 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd S6»i
St Louis, Southwestern 12
1.3^0 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 32ft
S.SCO St Paul 124 ft
St Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha 117
17.155 Southern Pacific 40*4
4.4f>0 Southern Railway 14ft
3.195 Southern Railway prefd 69%
1.400 Texas & Pacific ISft
45.450 Union Pacific 68ft
4.910 Union Pacific prefd 76ft
100 Wabaeh Sft
7.0.".0 Wabash prefd 23H
710 Wheeling & L E 10-\
550 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 30ft
200 Wisconsin Central ISU
Express companies —
Adams 117
160 American 147
United States 47ft
Wells-Farpo '....123
Miscellaneous —
C 57 American Cotton Oil 37ft
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
American Malting 4>-i
100 American Malting prefd 21ft
860 American Smelting & Refln 39"»
810 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 80\i
American Spirits 2ft
American Spirits prefd 17
4,155 American Steep Hoop 33
125 American Steel Hoop prefd 81
17,750 American Steel & Wire MT4
655 American Steel & Wire prefd *3»i
100 American Tin Plate 32ft
595 American Tin Plate prefd S4
9.090 American Tobacco 107 ft
American Tobacco prefd IJ.>
MS*) Anaconda Mining Co 53ft
72.655 Brooklyn Rarid Transit 79ft
2.910 Colorado Fuel & Iron 4ST*
21.2.V) Continental Tobacco 29 ',i
2.<>!'4 Continental Tobacco prefd 81
21.578 Federal Steel 47H
579 Federal Steel prefd 43>4
2.77} General Electric 1324
1,(65 Glucose Sugar f>l
122 Glucose Sugar prefd 9*Vi
3,€7S Internationa! Paper 22T4
300 International Paper prefd 63
Laclede Gas 73
150 National Biscuit 43^
National Biscuit prefd 90
National Lead 24
National Lead prefd 104 ft
4,135 National Steel 42ft
National Steel prefd 94
New York Air Brake 125
3"0 North American 15%
1.050 Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S2
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63\
630 Pacific Mail Bo>4
33.«2f> People's Gas 109 ft
Pressed Steel Car 53*4
Pressed Steel Car prefd 53«4
213 Pullman Palace Car IS3
Standard Rope & Twins 7
132.150 Sugar 11l
Sugar prefd 110
4.550 Tennessee Coal & Iron 93ft
4.440 United States Leather 13
523 United States Leather prefd 73ft
1,460 United States Rubber 3o*i
12fl United States Rubber prefd IOOVi
220 Western Union 83ft
1.050 Republic Iron & Steel 21
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd C4v4
P C C & St Louis 67
1.7 C Third Avenue x 107? i
7C4.500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding. M X & T 2ds 65%
when issued 103 MX& T 4s S3ft
U S 2s reg HSft N V Cent lsts 110 ft
U S Ss reg 109ft!N J Cent gen 55. ...124
U S 3s coup UOVN Carolina 6s 127
U S new 4a reg. ...133ft i N Carolina 4s 106
U S new 4s coup. . 133 ft ] N Pacific 3s 68
U S old 4s reg 114»4jN Pacific 4s 104>i
O S old 4s coup...ll4ViiN V C & S L 45..106U
T; S 5e reg 114ft|N & W con 4s 98
U S 5s coup 113 ft N & W tren 65.. ..133
Dis of Col 3. 655.. ..120 ;Or Nay lsts 110
Atchlson gen 45....100"j,0r Nay 4s 104
Atchlson adj 4s 84r4|Or Short Line 65.. .127*4
Canada So 2ds 107 Or S Line con 55. .114
Ches & Ohio 4fts... 93Ti Reading Gen 45.... fc9%
Ches & Ohio 55. ...121*4 R G W lsts S9ft
C & NW con 7s HSViS L & I M con 55. 11 l
C A NWSFdeb 55.123 ;S L & S F gen 65.12 l
Chicago Term 45... 97 St Paul cons 172
D & X G lsts 103 ft S P C & P 15t5.... 119%
D & Tl G 4s 99ft S P C & P 6s 121%
E T Va & Ga lsts.lO2\i |So Railway 5s 113
Erie General 45.... 74?4 ' Stand R &¦ T 65... 73
F W & D C lsts. 72 |Term new set 35... 95',i
Gen Electric 5s 116%JTex & Pac lsts 114
G TJ & « A €s 110 ft j Tex & Pac 2ds 57
G H & S A 2d5. ...108ft; Union Pacific 4s..lC6ft
H <fc T C 5s 11l iWabash lsts HSft
H & T C con G5...110 'Wabash 2ds 103
lowa Cent lsts 114 ft iWest Shore 4s 114 ft
X C P & G lsts.... 73* i Wls Cent lsts 92"»
1j» new cons 4s 107*i|Va Centuries 90%
L& N Unt 4s 101 Va deferred 5
So Pacific 4s SS IColo f: So 4s 84%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario 8 50
Crown Point 13, Ophir SO
Cal & Va.... 1 Co | Plymouth 11
Deadwood COQulcksllver 1 73
Gould & Curry •¦• 27, Quicksilver prefd.. BCO
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 50
Homestake 50 00 standard 3 20
Iron Sliver 66 Union Con 30
Mexican :0 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Bonds-
Call loans 3ftST4ft Atchlson 4s 100>,i
Time loans 4 tfjs N E Gas & Cokess 67
Stocks — Mining Shares —
Atch T& S Fe.... 27 Adventure sft
Atch T & S Fe.. 71'4|Allouez Mining Co W*
Amer Sugar lllVi Amalg Copper ?sft
Bell Telephone ....315 Atlantic 26ft
Boston & Albany. 24l Boston & Mon 323
Chi B & Q 11014 Butte & 805t0n.... S2
Dominion Coal 45ft! Calumet & Hec1a.,750
Do crefd .....:.. 115ft Centennial 22ft.
Federal Steel 45%;Franklln 13ft
Do/prefd ........ 73ft|Humboldt &0
FltchburK prefd ..132 iOsceoia "0
General Elec 131*;. Parrot 4S
Mcx Central 13VQulncy 137
N E Gas & Coke.. 17ft Sante Fe Copper.. Ci
Old Colony 20fi Tamarack 1"S
Old Dominion 23 Utah Mining 14
Union Pacific 55% Winona «<4
West End 93 Wolverines 4
Wls Cent IS%I
Nciv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 9.— Money on call steady,
S©4 per cent; last loan. Z per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4U©5 per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at J4 S6TiC4 S7 for demand and at $4 82ft
for sixty days; posted rates. $1 841X4 S4ft and
$4 87V>S 1 4 68. Commercial bills. $4 83@4 S3ft.
Silver certificates, 60ft(&61'.ic. Bar silver, 59'>(, c.
Mexican dollars, 47?*e. Government bonds,
weak; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds,
firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury' balance in the general
fund,, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, J159.C35.7C0; gold, $93,542,223.
London Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 ?4ft
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7V
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59ft
Mexican Dollars 4Sft 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago opened firmer on better
foreign advices, small world's shipments and a
decrease on passage and private cables were
bullish. Later on the market weakened un
der an Increase of 1,200.000 bushels In the visible
supply. There were fair acceptances for ex
port at Chicago and St. Louis. Broomhall
cabled unfavorable weather In France, Ger
many and Turkey. Liverpool and Paris were
both higher.
The liquidation In Corn, however, weakened
everything at Chicago. The crop reports were
unfavorable, except in the Southwest.
In the local market futures were somewhat
higher, but spot quotations were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96U©97&c; milling,
9S»ic®ll OU4.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $104%; 4000, $105. May— 4ooo, 97c.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 04%;
12 000 $1 04ft. . May— 6ooo, 96ftc; 60C0, 96»ic.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
96% c. December— 2ooo, $1 04ft; 2000. $104%; 2000,
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
BARLEY— The market continues dull at the
old prices.
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 65©72ftc for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®
b7«ic; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 72ftc.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS There is no Improvement whatever
and the market 'remains dull.
Whlie $1 1*&1 S"; Ked. Ssc@sl 17ft: Gray,
$1 07ft«n 15: Black. 97ftc@$l 05.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at $1 050
1 07ft per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I@l 20;
mixed, $1 05@l 07ft per Ctl.
RYE— B7ftciS $1 per ctl.
BUCK WH EAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 13,900 barrels
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 2503 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 50:
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, •$3 2503 aO; Buck
wheat Flour. $404 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; In sacks. $5 75®
7- Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5* 50 per 100 lbs. ¦
Hay and Feed Stuffs.
All quotations remain as before and the de
mand for everything is light.
BRAN— $l2©l3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing.
$27 50(^28; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal.
123 C 0&24: Cracked Corn. $24824 60; Mixed Feed.
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat, $7®9 for common to good; $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat.
!C 50(29; Oat. $C@B; Barley, J3©7; Alfalfa, $6@
7 CO uer ton. <¦; .;!'¦
STRAW— 2S@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The demand for Beans Is slim, but they are
firmly held. i
BEANS— Boyos. $3@3 25: small White, $3 25®
3 60; large White. $3 2003 25; Pink. $2®2 85; Red.
$3 60©3 75; Blackcye, $4 50; Butters, nominal;
Lima, $5 23; Pea. $3 40©3 50; Red Kidneys, $3 50
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4ft<S4%c; Flax. $1 90©2 20; Canary.
Sftc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9(S&0c; Rape. 2ft&3c; Hemp, 4@4ftc;
Timothy. 4Q!lftc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90@2 25; Green, $1 90
®2 25 per ctl. -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The tendency In Potatoes is downward, stocks
being free. Some damage by frost along the
river is reported. Onions are scarce and are
Jobbing at the advance noted below.
There Is nothing new In Vegetables.
Receipts were 1084 boxes Asparagus, 468 boxes
Rhubarb, C2B sacks Peas and 258 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 63c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks 40<gC0c per. sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 50@8Sc: Sweet Potatoes, $2 for Mer
ced; New Potatoes, lftS2c
ONlONS— Scarce. Jobbing at $4^5 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 65cfi$l 25 per box:
Asparagus; Csc@sl per box for No. 2 and $1 25@
160- for No. 1 and $1 75@2 for fancy large;
Green Peas. 75ctfi$l CO per sack; String Beans.
iiiSc; Cabbage 40@50c; Tomatoes, $I@l 50; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles. 6@loc: Dried Okra,
32ftc per. lb; Garlic. 2ft«?3ftc: Green Pepper"
from Los Antreles, 15<gl7ftc; Dried Peppers. 8@
10c; Carrots, 25<5'33c per sack; Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash. $I©l 25 per box; Cucumbers, 50c@
$1 per* dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern came In, selling at 12®
14c for Turkeys, $2 25 for Geese, $s(g'3 50 for
Ducks, $6®C M for Hens, $7 for young Roosters
and $4 75 for old Roosters. • Game continued
nominal. It lr hardly worth quoting. iIEQMD
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and 12 '(i 13c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 75
©2: Goslings. $2 25@2 75: Ducks. $4 50^5 50 for
old and $6 50@7 for young; Hens, $405; Young
Roosters, $6@7; Old Roosters, $4 25@4 50; Fryers,
$5 50<g 6; Broilers. $4 50tff5 for large and $3@3 50
for ¦ * mall; ' Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen for old
and $1 75© 2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 23@1 50: Gray
Geese, $262 50: White, 50@75c: Brant. $1 23@1 50;
English Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe. $150.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Eggs ."ire firm, '. with lessened receipts and a
small .. advance , is quoted.
- Butter and* Cheese are steady," though both
are In good supply.
BUTTER— -
Creamery— Fancy creamery, -17c;' seconds, >16
ARRIVED.
Monday. April ».
Stmr Corona. Glelow, 64 hours from Saa
Stair Grace Dollar, Fosen. 63 hours from
,U S stmr lowa, Goodrich, 11 hours from Mon-
Br stmr Westminster. Petrie. 33 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 25 days.
CLEARED.
Monday. April 9.
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean. Panama, et«:
p M S S Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Ship I F Chapman. Carter. Honolulu: J D
Spreckels * Bros Co.
Bark Will W Case. Andersen. Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
Whaling bark John and Wlnthrop. Macom
ber. Cape Nome: Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Whaling bark Wanderer, Dunbar, Cape Nome;
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Br bark Calthness-shlre, Stott, Queenstown:
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Schr Anna. Huhs, Unga: Alaska Codfish Co.
SAILED.
Monday, April 9.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, Newport and way
ports.
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean. Panama and
way ports.
Stmr Noyo. Fosen. Fort Bragg.
Schr Anna. Huhs, Unga.
Schr E X Wood, Hansen. Tacoma.
Schr Frolic. Rydell. Unca.
Schr Bonlta. Genereaux. Cape Nome.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 9. 10 p m— Weathe*
hazy; wind NW. velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 9— Bktn Tain o*
Shanter, -hen?e March 23.
Sailed April 9— Bktn Gardiner City, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived ADril 7— Schr Jas
II Bruce, from San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April B— Schr
Fr«?d E Pander, from Port Townsend.
CASPAR— Arrived ADril 9— Stmr Cleone, hao
April 8.
Sailed April B— Stmr Luella. for Redondo
GREENWOOD— Arrived April 9— Stmr Sunol.
hence Arr'.l 6.
NEW WHATCOM— SaiIed April 7-Bark Colo
ma for San Diego.
SEATTLE— Arrived April B— Stmr Ruth, hnc
April 3: stmr Dlrign. from Skaguay.
Sailed ADril 9— Stmr Bertha, for KodiaV
stmr Humboldt. for Skaguay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 9— Bark
Lake Leman. from Antofogasta.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April B— Stmr Na
tional City, hence ADril 7. Asril 9— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Anrtl 7.
EUREKA— ArrivM April 9— Stmr Aberdeen.
hence April 7; ' stmrs Samoa and Del Norte
hence Arril 8.
Sailed ADril 9— Schr Eva, for Kilo.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 9— Stmr Geo W El
der nnd bktn Ara*o. for San Francisco
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 9— Schr O W
Watson, for Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
CAPE HENRY— Passed April T— ShlD P V
Blanchard. from Baltimore, fnr San Franrlvn
fo^a V n^n^ a ' led *Ri V-Barlc BSSS
FOREIGN PORTS
FALMOUTH— Arrived ADril 7— ShlD X,»,
Or"e£n S> tT ° m ° T ° zon - Br Bn! P Bermuda, from
Hlocio— Arrived prior to April 7— Schp \r»
nila. from Port Gamble. nr Ma *
FLUSH ING— Passed April s-p r Dark Br#
tagne. from Antwerp, for San FrancUoo
sZfv™?'**'' 1 " 1 APril S ~ Ger SpAlUta, tot
NEWCASTLE. Aus.— Arrived Auril B— Srhr
James RnlnK from N.-.umea *-Scnr
Pa A n < ama ULCO ~ Sa " ea AVTU 7 - Schr Colon - fc>r
hK^ W A > r " B ' ™» *—«»
M-ate^^romVorT^ An^"™ Bt » r San
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady. No. 3 spring wheat. 63%@
Csftc; No. 2 red, 69ft@70c. No. 2 corn, 33c. No.
2 oats. 25% c: No. 2 white. 2S@2Sftc; No. 3 white.
27V4S28ftc. No. 2 rye. 56c. No. 2 barley, 40ft@
42ftc. No. 1 flax seed; $1 72. Prime timothy
B^ed, J2 3502 40. Mess pork, per bbl, $12 20Q>
12 85. Lard, per 100 lb«, $6 Gs©6 82ft. Short
ribs sides (loose) $7 03@7 30. Dry Sailed shoul
ders (boxed), 6ft@6%c. Short clear sides
(boxed), $7 3307 45. Whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gal, $1 25. Sugars — Cut loaf,
6.00 c; granulated, 5.44 c.
NEW YORK. April 9.— FLOUR-Receipts,
45.932; exports, 31SS; inactive and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 67,350; spot quiet; No. 2
red, SO?jo f. o. b. afloat, spot; No. 2 red, 779»c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 77% c f. o. b.
afloat, prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth, 79% c f. o.
b. afloat, prompt. Options • throughout the
forenoon were active and firm, sustained by
foreign buying and strong cables In addition
to local covering. A liberal increase in the
visible supply, however, opened the way for
afternoon weakness, helped by predictions of
rain. Under realizing the market sold oft,
closing easy. He net advance; May, 'Z%<S~i\ic
closed at 73T»c; July, 73 13-16@74 5-lCc, closed
at 74c; September, 74ViS74Hc, closed at 74Vic.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7T4c; do Jobbing. S*ic; mild, steady; Cordova,
9ft&l4c. Futures closed steady, with prices
6615 points higher; total sales, 30,500 bags, in
cluding May, $6 75; July, $6 80@6 85: August,
$6 8506 90; September. $7; October, $7@7 10; No
vember, $7 05®7 10; February, $7 40; March,
$7 £0.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 3 15-16 c;
centrifugal, S6 test, 4 7-16 c. Molasses sugar,
3 3 Ac. Refined, very firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9328 . packages ; steady at
decline: Western creamery. 17®20c; factory,
16@17ftc.
EGGS— Receipts, 7477 packages; firm; storage
Western at mark, 12ft®12 a ic; regular packing,
12ft<gl3c; Southern at mark, Uft@l2ftc.
DRIED FRUITS,
Business was slack In the market for evap
orated apples, with the undertone about steady;
advices from outside sources did not influence
the situation In either direction. California
dried fruits were quiet but steady at un
changed prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4fti&sc; prime, e^^c; choice, 7@7ftc; fancy,
7\©Sftc.
DRIED PRUNES— 3ft@7c per pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13@15e; Moorpark. 15@lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, lS®22c; unpeeled, 7ft@9c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. April 9.— Wheat began the ses
sion strong. The world' 3 shipments for the
week showed a reduction of over a million
bushels and there was a moderate decrease on
passage The smallness of the Russian con
tribution to shipments was r matter of com
ment. The French Minister of Agriculture was
quoted as putting the estimate for this crop
in France under that of 1599 and reporting
increased anxiety over the outlook. Paris was
advanced equal to lc per bushel. Increased
complaints were reported from Austria and
Hungary and the India area was placed at
30 per cent under 1?99. Liverpool showed a
marked decrease and that market was strong.
Domestic tidings were of drought In the
Southwest and of unfavorable prospects In
various sections of the wheat-growing ter
ritory. With this array of considerations- in
evidence shorts covered with great activity.
May opened ft&%c to %c over Saturday's close,
at 67t?67fte to 6'hic and advanced to 67% c.
The cash demand was moderate and the an
nouncement of an increase in the visible of
2.150.000 bushels caused a reaction, which was
helped along by the break in corn and carried
May back to 06% c. Shorts covered on the de
cline, however, and a rally followed. May
recovered to 66"4i&67c, at which the market
closed strong and %Qftc over Saturday. The
Government crop report for April Is due to
morrow, but as professional views as to its
information varied its effect on the market
to-day was diflicult to discover. Many, thought
the condition would be put at 90 per cent
compared with the December .report making
the condition 97.1 per cent.
Corn was only fairly active. The market
was firm early, helped by the wheat and pro
vision strength, but the pressure of profit
seeking lots, combined with stop-loss sales
which caught the decline around 39 7 ,ic, caused
a break which was not recovered and the
close was rather weak. May closed at 40Hc.
Oats merely followed the lead of corn, dis
playing firmness early and weakness later.
May closed Vie down.
A big general demand and higher prices at
the yards were reflected; in higher prices In
the provision pit. There was considerable
nervousness over the possibility of a squeeze
and this was Influential in sending shorts to
cover. There was a wide outside demand as
well as buying by packers. Sales were mostly
made by profit-taking longs. May pork closed
10c over Saturday, May lard 15@17ftc up and
M«v ribs 10c improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
300 Makaweli *| 1?
$5000 Oceanic S S Bonds J S? V
100 Paauhau S P Co j* £?
10 S F Gas & Electric Co »1 3T^
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash » »» •£
5S V Water 9a w
Street— ... »-
SIO, COO Oak Trans Co 6 per cent 80nd5.. 114 fc>
Afternoon Session.
Board— . _ „
10 California Fruit Canners' W* jf
65 Contra Costa Water ** ••>
3 Contra Costa Water » <*>
SO Hutchlnson S P Co ;» ?'«
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 6 <>«
50 Kilauea Sugar P So ~. 00
50 Makaweil JS ,o
250 Paauhau S P Co 3; 00
50 Paauhau S P Co.cash 32 12ft
20 Paauhau S P Co 55^
CO Paauhau S P Co 32 lj.', 3
SO S F Gaslight 4 oO
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 .0
Street— "
CO Contra Costa Water, s 30 64 7a
50 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co S9 00
100 Makaweli ••• J* £»
25 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
$10,0 CO S F & S'J V Bonds 11« CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Anaconda r."
200 Barker Ranch JJ
20 San Joaquin J
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
200 Barker Ranch 1 *•?
60 Buckhorn J JJ
£0 Yukon 1 30
Street—
100 Yukon 1 30
MINING SHARES.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exhange Board yesterday:
Morning Session
200 Best & Belcher 27 SOO Potosi 13
100 Caledonia 110 100 Savage 12
100 Con Cal & Va.l 73 200 Sierra Nevada. 64
600 Gould & Curry 28 100 Sierra Nevada. 55
50 Mexican 3S ICO Silver Hill 14
200 Mexican 37 600 Union Con 34
2CO Mexican 36 100 Utah 12
200 Ophlr SI
Afternoon Session.
10CO Best & Belcher 27 1 300 Ophir 81
100 Caledonia 1 10! 60 Ophir 80
100 Confidence 72j 100 Overman 20
400 Gould & Curry 23; 50 Overman 21
700 Mexican 381 300 Seg Belcher ... 04
100 Occidental 14 1 200 Utah 12
Following were the- sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Chollar 13 1 3CO Crown Point... 18
60 Con Cal & Va..l 701 600 Potosi 15
60 Con Cal & Va..l 72 200 Silver Hill 15
100 Confidence 7S! 400 Yellow Jacket.. 29
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 061 200 Mexican 85
300 Belcher 30! 100 Mexican X
200 Best & Belcher 27 300 Mexican 37
350 Con Cal & Va..l 7S 200 Ophlr 80
$00 Crown Point .. lSj 600 Savage 11
650 Gould & Curry. 20 500 Silver Hill .... 11
ICOO Gould & Curry. 23j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April 9— « p. m.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 CoKentuck 01 02
Alta 04 C 6 Lady Wash ... — 05
Andes 11 12 Mexican 35 36
Belcher 30 31 : Occidental 13 14
Best & Bel 26 27|Ophir 80 81
Bullion 03 (MlOverman 20 21
Caledonia 1 05. 1 10 1 Potosi 14 15
Chollar 14 15 Savage 11 12
Challenge Con. 20 22 Scorpion — 03
Confidence 72 75 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Cal & Va-.l 70 175 Sierra Nevada. 62 64
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Silver Hill 13 14
Con New York 02' — St Louis — 12
Crown Point.... 18 20 Standard 305 —
Exchequer H 04 Syndicate — 11
Gould & Curry. 27 28 Union Con 32 33
Hale & Norc... 32 34 Utah 11 13
Julia — C 3 Yellow Jacket. 23 20
Justice OS 07
Sun rises |l$
Sun sets '""""ViVa" m-
Moon sets 3:10 a, m.
Charters.
The Je=n!« Wand loads merchandise for
Uahukona.
The Chehalis loads lan-.ber at Grays Harbor
for Freir.ar.Ue. C7s 6d: Enfleavcr. lumber on
the Sound for Guayaquil. 7T» 6d; H. D. Ben
dixen. lu:r.'^er at Port Uiakeley for Honolulu:
Queen EMzabetn. lumber en the Sound for
20'JlQue. i"s 6d. _
The Argus loads wheat ct Portland for Eu-
The Sierra Pedrosa was chartered prior to
txrlva.l for wheat to Europe, 425.
Weather Report.
C2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 9— B p. m.
The following tre the seasonal rainfalls to
Cate as compared with those of came date last
season, and ralnra^ls in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Station*— :» Hours Season. Season.
}ipd*B'luJf' '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. O.'OO 20. C7 19.37
hacraraento 0.00 IS.M 13-91
Ban Francisco 0.00 1..4. la -36
Fresno 0.00 7. 50 6. .6
Independence 0.00 2.T3 1.16
6*n Luis Obispo CM 15.10 14.^
Lcs Angeles CM 5.6S 4..9
Fan Diego O.no S.3S «.M
y U ma <••<*> °- T > *•**
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Cl; minimum, «6; mean. 5«.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is failing slowly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Coast. It Etill continues
h'jrh over th<- British possessions and also in
the upppr Missouri Valley. Cold weather, with
pnew continues In the R.irkv Mountain region.
The temi^rature has risen slowly over the Pa
cific 6lope. Over Oregon and Southern Wash
lrynen there has been & rise cf from 6 to 10 de
grees.
No rain has fallen on the coast during the
past tu-entv-four hours. Snow is falling in
Southern Utah and Northern Arizona. East
bnund travelers are warned to expect freezing
temperatures an>l heavy snow throughout Utah,
Colorado. New Mexico and Northern Arizona.
The cold weather extends well southward.
Forecast made .-it Pan Francisco for thirty
hours rnding midnight, April 10. 19'iO:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday: light
northerly winds; southwesterly on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds.
P Nevada— Fair Tuesday; warmer.
Utah— Fair Tuesday; warmer.
Arizona— Snow in the mountains early Tues
day morning: cloudy Tuesday: heavy frost
Tuesday morning near Phenix; warmer Tuesday
night.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
freth westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
bought £37.000 In bars and £5000 arrived from
Australia.
CLOSING
LONDON. April 9.— Canadian Pacific, 100 ft:
union Pacific preferred, 7ST»: Northern Pacific
preferred. 79%; Atchleon. 2Sft; Grand Trunk,
BHj Anaconda, lift.
Bar silver, 2T^d.
Foreign Futures.
$5 45@5 65: rough heavy, $5 30@5 40; light. $5 JOS
6 57ft: bulk of sales, $5 50@5 60. '
SHEEP— Receipts. 15,000. Sheep and lambs
active, 10c advance on most everything. Good
to choice wethers, $6 15@6 50; fair to choice
mixed. $5@6 50; Western sheep, $6@S 10; West
ern sheep, $6® 6 50; yearlings, $6<g6 95: native
lambs, $5 75@7 55; Western lambs, $6 2u@7 55.
New . York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 9.— Aside from a de
cided'decrease In the price of tin there were
no new features of importance in, the market
for metals to-day. The decline, in tin was
due partly to unsatisfactory cables from Lon
don and an absence of buyers. The market
ruled weak all day and closed . at $30 25030 50,
as compared with $30 95@31 12V4 the previous
day. Lake copper, while firm, was unchanged,
closing at $17. Pig Iron warrants, dull . and
unchanged. Lead continues in the same rut.
closing dull at the old basis. Spelter ruled
steady, closing unchanged at $4 72ft bid and
$4 SO asked. The brokers' price for lead was
$4 45 and for copper $17 25.
Foreign, Markets.
LONDON. April 9.— Consols, 101 5-16; silver.
27 7-16: French rentes, lOlf 47ftc; wheat cargoes
oft coast, rather easier: part Sd cheaper: car
goes No. 1 standard California, 29s 9d; cargoes
Walla Walla.. 28s 6d; English country markets,
part 6d' dearer: wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom. 3.590,000: wheat mid flour on
passage to, Continent, 1.450.C00;. Indian ship
ments'of wheat to United Kingdom, none; In
dian shipments to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL. April 9.— WHEAT — Firm:
wheat in Paris, firm; flour. in Paris, firm;
French country markets, steady.
. COTTON— Uplands, 5 15-C2d.
- '-r CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, April 9.— WHEAT— Spot, firm;
No. 2 red Western winter, 6s Id; No. 1 North
ern spring, 68 lftd; futures, steady; April, nom
inal; May, 5s 10% d; July, 6s lOftd.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
4s 2Ud; American mixed, old, 4s 3'Ad; futures,
quiet; May, 4s 2%d; July, 4s l?id; Stcptember,
4s l%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April 9.— Exchanges, " $333,733;
balances, $54,546. ¦ '
Northern Wheat Market.
• . OREGON.
PORTLAND, April -9.— There was not much
activity In the local wheat, market to-day,
buyers having apparently satisfied • their Im
mediate wants. The general quotation was
around 64c for No. 1 Walla Walla, although
as usual there was reports of more being paid
in the Interior. For valley prices were around
63^540 ; blue stem Is nominally 56®57c.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. - April . 9.— WHEAT-Little doing,
but quotations are unchanged; blue stem, C6c;
club, S4c.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery, 14SlSc; dairy. 13
©16c. Cheese, firm, 12©13 c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, lO&c.
Shipping Intelligence.
There was a fair business In securities on
the morning session. The sugar stocks were
ptrong and Hawaiian Commercial advanced to
$S9 Contra Costa Water declined to $64 75.
The sugar stocks continued strong in the
afternoon and Paauhau advanced to $32 25.
There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, April 9—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.AaK.
U S Bonds— Cent L & P... 4 4»4
Is qour coup..ll4UUs Equit G L Co. Z\i 3%
4s do reg 114U115 Mutual El Co. — 13
-is do cp ne\v..n3kj.ljlk O G L & H... 4S —
33 do coupon... 110UH1 Pac Gas Imp.. — Ci^i
Miscellaneous — Pac L. Co — ijit,
Cal-st Cnb 65. .117 — SFG & E 51% 51^
C C Wat 55...105*i10O t ,4 San Francisco 4?& —
Ed LAi P bs..lJj — Mfcn O&t;dt lv —
F & Cl Ry 65. .i1l — Insurance —
Geary-st R ss. — 92V; Firenys Fund. 223 —
U r & S 5%5. — — Bank Stocks-
Do . r ,s 105U106U Anglo-Cal Ltd 61 -r-
L, A Ry 55....103&— Bank of Cal..— —
L. A ;L Co os.. — — O«l SD £• T. .102^4 —
Do gntd Bs.. — — First National. — 290
Do gntd 55.. — 101 Lou f & a. ...132
LA&I' It 68.102% — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st fis...lSS>4 — Savings Banks —
Do Ist M 55.116U — Ger S & L..1530 —
NC N UK 7h.li 1!>1 !> — Hum Ssz L,. — —
NR of Cal (;a.!!3U — Mut Say Bk. 4i —
N Pof Cal C5.114%116 S K.'tfav U.. 510 —
N»' »-" X X «*.liMVi — »ay & L So. 74 "S
NPC R R 35. 107 — Sec Say Ek. — —
NC R R 55. ...112 — Union T Co. — . —
fiak «.; LVfcHss.li>'*; — Street Ral!rond'»—
Oak Tran 65».113%114Vi California 120H122
Oak W Co fis.. - luaVj Geary-st 50 • —
Oceanic S C 0.105%. 105% — Market-st Ry.. 6374 64
om CKy 6.*...m — f> HI- &-H... — h>i
P&CI Ry 65.. 104 ft — Presidio 13% 20
Pk &O Ry Ks. — — Powder Stocks— ,
Powell-st R C 5.117 — California 135 165
Sao I. «c ORSs. W ' — Giant Con Co.. 84% Ss>4
S F & SJV Ss.HS^lie'^ Vlgorlt S«» si,
S Ry of Cal 65.. 113 — Sucar Stocks —
S Pof A 65... 112 113 Hana S P Co. 9U io
Si' C 65(1im5j.1U5«4 — Haw CiSCo S3 —
Do (1906) ....110 — Honokaa S Co 33V» 33*4
Do (1912) .... — — Hutch S P Co 2G^j, 26*4
Do Ist eg ss. — — Kilauea S Co. 22 22' i
S P Br 6s 12fi%127V4 Makaweli S Co 4X% 49
S V Water 65.114 113 Onomea S Co.. 28 30
Do 4s ...:... WZKIOV/t Paauhau S Co 32H 32%
SV W 4s(3dm)l«! 103 M'^vilai-fUK-
Stktn Ga» 6s..lKj 1M Al Pack ABsn.llS%l2o
Water Stocks- Cal Fruit Asn.lo2 102U
Contra Costa.. 64"i 63 Mer Ex >«.»•>.. — |c«>
Mnnn County. - — Oceanic *S Co. 04% 96ft
Spring Valley. 93^4 — Pac A F A.... Z — .
Gas & Electric—- Pac C Bor Co.IV) —
:;ent G L Co.. — "¦¦¦ — V-\r "n««t On. 'H _
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — :
15 Contra Costa Water, cash F5 CO
CO Contra Costa Water... . 64 S7V4
75 Contra Costa .Water 64 73
SIO.COO Contra Costa Water Bonds 106 00
. 30 Hana Plantation Co : 10 00
- 5 Hawaiian Com & Sugar..... S3 CO
100 Honokaa S Co 33 <V)
45 Hutchinson S P C 0.... 26 37%
CO KSlauea Sugar Plantation Co 22 00
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TUESDAY. APRIL 10-
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Olaf P. and Margarethe N. Jorgensen to John
H. and Emma M. L. Smith, lot on NE line of
Thirty-third avenue, 25 NW of H street. NW 2
by NE 100. block 539. Bay Park Homestead;
grant.
Elizabeth and Andrew J. McNeil. Mary A.
Laroche (McNeil). Lorelta M. Lamburth (Mc-
Neil), Frank and Alexander McNeil and Robert
H. E. Espey to W. Esters yon Kraskan lot on
SW line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 75 NW of X
street. NW 225:3. S 51:11^. SE 136:1«4. SW 60.
SE 75, NE 100, block 495. Bay View Homestead;
$10.
Jules Jacquemin to Gustave Bodros, lots 4
and 5. block R. Park Lane Tract Map 5; $10.
Gustave and Sadonie Bodros to Hugo Lache
richt, same; $10.
Harris & Hess to O. Kalinowsky. lots 471 to
474. Silver Terrace Homestead; $1.
Albert W. Getz to Louis Levy, lot on S line
of Minerva street, 250 E of Capitol. E 100 by S
123. block P. Railroad Homestead; $10.
Barclay Henley to Charles G. Ames, lot on
S line of Green street. 63:6 E of Flllmore. E
3G by S 137:6; $15.0C0.
American Bank and Trust Company to Mar
tha A. Barrere (wife of Louis), lot on W line
or Scott street. 57:6 N of Grove, N 25 by W
110; $3000.
John J. Aylward (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hlbemia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on S line of Post street. 120 W of Lyon, W
48, S 66. SE 49, N 73:7; $2500.
Thomas H. and Evelyn E. Rabjohn to John
F. Kennedy, lot on N line of Page street, 156:3
E of Clayton, E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Thomas F. Sullivan (executor estate Timothy
J. Sullivan, by B. P. Oliver, commissioner)
to Hibernla Savings and Loan Society, lot on
W line of Cherry street, 37 S of Washington,
S 42:11. W 100:7, N 29:4, E 95:3; $1950.
German Savings and Loan Society to Carrie
W. Glaser, lot 18, block 3. Marion Tract (hos
pital lot); $10.
William J. and Carrie M. Sanders to Fllippo
and Luigi Cardarello. lot on NW line of Bry
ant street. 175 NE of Fourth, NE 60 by NW
80; $10.
Estate John L. Porter (by George L. Center,
executor) to Paul Odermatt. lot on SE line of
Brannan street, 230 SW of Fourth, SW £0 by
SE 120; $30C0.
Anna J. and Charles S. Brown to George W.
Turner, lot on W line of Sixth avenue. IS3:S
N of California street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
San Francisco Land Company to Charles H.
Sagehorn, lot on NW corner of Eighth avenue
and California street, W 32:8 by N 100; $1750.
Thomas H. and Evelyn E. Rabjohn to John
F. Kennedy, lot on E line of Twenty-third
avenue, 175 S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; also
lot- on W line of Twenty-second avenue, 175 S
of Lake street. S 50 by W 120; $10.
William R- Cooper to Charles H. Duveneck.
lots 11 and 12, block 13. Flint Tract Homestead
Association: grant.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanehet to W.
D. and Mary Moore, lot on W line of Crane
street. 123 N of Salinas. N 25 by W 100. lot 5,
block 6, Garden Tract Homestead Addition; $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Martha Chesney,
lots 303 and 304. Heyman Tract: $10.
Olive Verkouteren (by attorney) to Solomon
Goldstein, lots 15 and 16. block S. Tract A.
People's Homestead Association; $10.
Frank Jr. and Matilda A. Toepfer to M. A.
Meier lot on SW line of Nineteenth avenue,
573 NW of J street. NW 23 by SW 100. block
3SB, South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; grant.
Alameda County.
Kathrlna C. Johnson to James Johnson Com
pany (corporation), lot on NE corner of Clare
mont avenue and Summer street, E 276. N 155:3.
W 236:6, S 159 to beginning, being lot 1, blocK
H. Vernon Park Tract, Oakland: $10.
Same to same, lot on SE line of Teleeraph
avenue, 316:6 SW of Clltton street. SW 158:3 by
SE 236:6, being lot 2, block H, same, Oakland;
$10.
Same to same, lot 67. In plat 27, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $10.
Dorothee Wlttorf to Walter Gale, lot on N
line of Charming way. 130 W of Dana street. W
65 by N 130, being a portion of lot 3. block 12.
map of property of College Homestead Asso
ciation. Berkeley: $500").
San Francisco Savings Union to T. G. Wat
terson. lot 20, block 11. amended map of Cen- I
tral Park, Alcatraz and Newbury stations.
Berkeley: $236. "_
Elijah H. and A. J. Bryan to May C. Yoakum.
lot on SE corner of Pacific avenue and Con
cordia street. E 100 by S 130. being a portion
of Aughlnbaugh 223-acre tract, Alameda (bar
gain and sale deed): $10.
William H. Morgan to Francisco F. and Sll
velrla Santos, lots M. N and G. block 9. town of
San Leandro. Eden Township; $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to Lel.a R.
Havons. the E half of lot 3. Quint Tract. Oak
land: also lot 11 on map of estate of John Exoy,
lr. plat 36, Rancho V. and D. Peralta. oan
land: tlO.
William 11. and Frances Mackinnon to LHa
R. Havens, lot on SW corner of Forty-second
and Grove streets, W ICO by S 50, Oakland: also
lot 4. block 2038. and lot 2'). block 2907, Alden
Tract at Temescal. Oakland: $10.
George E. and Ada R. Pratt to Realty Syndi
cate 'corporation), lot on S line of Evoy avenue
(or Fortieth street). 259 E of West street. E
138:4 by S 100. portion of lot 6 and all of lot*
7 and 8. Quint Tract. Oakland: also lot on S
line "f Evoy avenue (or Fortieth street), 150 E
of West street. E 103 by S 10-). portions of lota
4. r t and t>. same. Oakland: also lot on NE
corner of Fortieth street (or Evoy avenue) and
Linden street. E 230 by N 128. being lots 21 to
25. Mullikin Tract. Oakland: also lots £0 to 53.
57 and SS. map of White House Plat, Oakland:
also lot on E line of Lusk street. 325 N of Rose
Garland way (or Evoy avenue). N 41 by E 237:1.
being lot 43. White House Plat, and portions or
lots 8 and 10. map of Paradise Plat. Oakland:
also lot on E line of Lusk street. 44S N of Rose
Garland way (or Evoy avenue), N S! by E
237:1. being lots 41 and 42 on map of White
House Plat, and also being lots 3 and 4 and
portions of lots 2 and 3. map of Paradise Plat.
Oakland; also lots 93 to 101, Montgomery Tract.
maD-2. Oakland: also lot on ¦SE corner of
Twenty-second and Chestnut streets. S H5 by
E 92. block 613. Oakland; also lot on NE corner
of Twenty-second and Poplar streets. E 130.
N 100. E 100, N 123:8. W 100. N 40, W ISO. S
2C3:6 to beginning, block 623, Oakland: aim lot
on *NE corner of Twenty-second and Filbert
rtreets. N 163:6 by W W:G. block 634. Oakland:
also lot in. block F. rosubdlvislcn of Weston
Tract. Oakland: $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Thomas
Jones, lot on S line = of Thirty-eighth street.
548.83 E of Market. S 148. E 43.30. N 145.01. W
45 to beginning. Oakland: $10.
Frank W. and Carrie S. Bilger to Frank M.
Smith. lot on X corner of Eighth avenue ana
Stci'lng Exchange firmer.
Slight rise in Wheat futures.
Other cereals dull and unchanged.
Beans n slender demand, but firmly held.
Hax and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Potatoes zi-cak, but Onions firm and scarce.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs steady.
Poultry in moderate receipt and firm.
Fruits and Vegetables reported damaged by frost.
Oranges continue cleaned up and firm. Fresh arrivals of Limes.
Provisions firm, with a moderate inquiry.
Hogs continue scarce and firm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN ERANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1900.
Dairy— Fancy. 16c; good to choice. 15@15'/ic:
common, 14c.
CHEESE— New 7%^Bc; Young America. SO
B',4c; Eastern, 16@17c; Western. 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and UHS^c
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
ArrU-al of 432 cases Mexican Limes. Oranges
are almost all cleaned up.
' Five cars of Oranges were auctioned at $1 SO®
315 for faiisy Navels, $1 Ss@2 60 for choice
Navels, $1 ihl32 10 for standard Navels. $1 35@
2 10 for Seedlings and $1 05® 1 75 for Lemons.
Frost was reported in a number of districts
yesterday, but the amount of damage, if any,
is nor yet known.
Blackberries from Covina, $2 per crate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLE3-r7s©'9oc per box for common. $101.50
for good to choice and $1 7552 for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— S3®6 per chest for large
and $lO@ls for small berries. Receipts were 71
chests.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 25<gJ 25
per box: Seedlings. $101 73: Lemons. $101 50
for common and J2W2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 60@5; California Limes, ;
Bananas.- $1 25©2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I^s
per dozen. ¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks. 4@4ftc for
40-60' s. "3%@4e for 50-60*8. 3ftc for 60-70's, JVic
for 70-SO's, 3©3% c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90
lCO's; Apricots, ll@l2ftc for Royals, 12ft©15c
for Moorparks and 12@13ftc for Blenheims;
Peaches, sft®6c for Standards, 6ft@6%c for
choice and 7@Bc for fancy: Peeled Peaches. 10®
12ftc; Evaporated Apples. 6@7c; Sun-dried. 5@
6ftc per lb; Nectarines. B@9c; Pears, 3ft@4ftc
fcr dark and 7@Sc for bright halves: Black
Figs. 2@2ftc; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, S@9c; unbleached Plums. 7@7ftc for
pitted and lftc for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. Sftc; choice. 7ftc: standard. 6ftc;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, oftc:
S-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crovrn. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Walnuts. B®9c for standards and
9®loc for softshelli; Almonds. llft@l2e for
paper shell. 9®loc for soft and 4@sc for hard
shell: Peanuts, 5%@6%c for Eastern and 6o
for California: Brazil Nuts, 7ft©Sc; Filberts.
12<Z?J2ftc; Pecans, ll®13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. llft@l2o for bright and 10ft®
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
7%c; light amber extracted. 7U@7ftc; dark,
6ft66c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOfto per lb for
heavy. lOftc for light medium, Uftc for light.
12ftc for extra light and 13ftc for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $12
per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra
Prime Pork, $14 50015; extra clear. $19; Mess.
$16 50; Smoked Beef, 12ft&13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Bc per lb for
compound and SQSfte for pure; half barrels,
pure. B*c: 10-lb tins, 9%c: 5-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. B@Bftc per lb: 10-lb
tins, 3Hc
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10c; medium, 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides, 9c;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 9ft@loc;
Dry Hides, sound, 18c; culls and brands, 15c;
Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf. 19c; Sheep-
Fklns, shearlings. 15(fi300 each; short Wool. Z'srt
60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool, $10125
each; Horse Hides, $2 25<23 for large and $1 25
fjl 75 for small; Colts, 25@50c. Deer Skins-
Summer or red eklns, 40c; fall or medium skins.
35c; winter or thin eklns, 20c. Ooat Skins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium. 35c. •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. E®sfte per lb; No.
2. 4@4ftc: refined. 6ftc; grease. 2ft@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16SlSc; Northern defective. 13®
16c; Middle County free, 15@17c; Middle
County defective. 13<S15c: Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12Q14c; do free. 7 months', 12tfl5c;
do defective, 7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20023 c; Nevada, lG©lBc per lb.
HOPS— 6ft©loc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs under ISO pounds are selling up to 6c.
If they are fine enough, but no other stock
will bring this figure. Other meats are un
changed.
BEEF— 6»4@7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6&9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@Sc; ewes. 6ft£7c per
lb. ;¦¦-¦; v
LAMB— Sprlnp. 9©loe per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs. 5%@6c for small and me
dium and SftSrSfic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, sVi®sftc; dressed Hogs, 7®SHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6U©6ftc; Wool Bags. 2Sft@32ftc;
Fleece Twine. 7ftc. ::;*.V ;;;.':'.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; new Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. V CO: Seattle,
$6 SO: Bryant. 16 50; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. J3:
Co-operative Wallsend, $S; Scotch, ; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 i»>r ton in bulk and $17 in sacks;
Castle Gate and Rock Springs, $S 43 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAK — The Western Suyar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60 c; Powdered.
P. 6oc; Candy Granulated, 5.20 c: Dry Granulated,
6.10 c: Confectioners' A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c;
Extra C. 4.60 c: Golden C, 4.40 c; barrels 10c
more; half- barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
50-Ib bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.55 c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, APRIL 9.
Flour, qr sks 26.872 Hay, tons 290
Wheat. ct!s 2.950 Straw, tons 15
Barley, ctls 4,125 Wool, bags 947
Oats, ctls 1,130 Leather, rolls .. 97
Corn, ctls 765 Wine, gals 60,500
Rye, ctls 170 i Pelts bdls 440
Tallow, ctls 260 Hides. No 1.04 A
Cheese, ctls 77|Lime, bbls IS2
Butter, ctls 562 Sugar, bbls ? 70
Potatoes, sks .... 1.764 Quicksilver, ftsks 1.103
Bran, sks 1001 Eggs, doz 23.550
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks — 561 !
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 6.300 1 H0p5, bales 150
?
THE STOCK MARKET.
fe AUCTION fe
4O HORSES
THIS DAY (TUESDAY). 11 O'CLOCK.
ORMONDE STABLE. 1515 MISSION ST.
New York Grain and Produce.
East Twenty-third street NE 150 by NW CO.
block 144 Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Francis L. Locke to Phoebe A. Locke lot
<< btoJkß imp of Oakland Point Homestead
Tract. Oakland: gift and $1.
Builders' Contracts.
GeorKe E Starr (owner) with August R. Jr.
»iwi F II Denke (contractors), architect none—
a"? work -fo^a two-story f rame_ «»»»'«»»"< «^
line of Maeonlc avenue. Kb.S S of Frederick
St F£rry S ,v 2 O^.How^. with ? £,£-
N line of Washington street. W [ V. of Locust.
line of Merchant street. S E of Dunbar alley.
E 20:2 ft by N 65:3: »430.
United States Coast and . Geodetic Sorrey--
Times and HeUhts of High and Low
Waters at Port Point, entree, to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. „___ ..
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort P°£t .
the height of tide Is the same at both places-
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th» left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time Tn»
second time column give, the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column glvw th»
f£t tide of the day. except when thm are but
three tides, as sometimes occur*. The heights
£?n aTe in addition to th« »°undlngs on the
United State. Coast Survey charts except
rn^n^num^^^^
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle Of flee. U. 3. N.. Mer-
chants* Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
April 9. 1900.
The time ball was not drooped to-day, on
account of a fault in the mechanism
Lieutenant Commander. TT. 9. X.. In chary*.
8
ARTICLES. (Open. iHieh.) Low. Close.
1 \ 1
"Wheat No. 2— .1
April 66%
May 67i,i 67% 6C% 67
July 68% 65% 6774 6SV4
September 69% 69% 68% 68%
Corn No. 2—
April I 88%
May W* 40% 39% 59%
July 40% *l% 40 40»,i
September 41b 41% «% 40%
Oats No. 2—
May 23 25 24% 24%
July 24H !<% 24 2V*
September 23>,i 23V4 23H 23,*
Mess pork, bbl—
May 12 85 12 97% 12 SO 12 80
July 12 S5 13 00 12 85 12 90
Lard, 100 lbs—
May 6 774 6 82V4 6 77% 6 S2>4
July 6 87% 695 6 57>,4 6 92>,
September 6 97% 7 02% 6 97% 7 00
Short, ribs, 100 lbs—
May 710 720 710 7 12%
July 6 90 7 00 6 90 6 95
September 690 6 97% 690 695
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shipm'ts.
Flour, barrels 59.000 55.000
Wheat, bushels 69.000 184,000
Corn, bushels 272.C00 . 255.000
Oats, bushels 259.000 256.000
Rye. bushels 6,000 B.OCO
Barley, bushels 52,000 20.000.
O Time JTlme| Time Tlmet
t> Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
ST L W H W L. W H W
10 ... J:« »•* »:« «•« * :M H * : !J 52
11 S•» 1.8 »:M 4-5 »:" 1* 9:51 *J
12 *" 3 : B8 1.4 10:20 4.« 8:45 1.8 10:19 8.1
is 4 : JO 10 11:02 4.7 4:l<t 8.0 10:45 5.4
14 •'• 4 : 59 0l« 11 4S 4.7 4:4« J. 2 11:101 5.4
15 •" E : 33 0 2 12:30 4.« 5:13 2.5 11:35 5.4
IS "I «iS 0.0 1:15! 4.5 6:52 ».T I
Steamer. I From. 1 P" 9 -
Crescent CUy.Jcrescent City -Apr. »
Htate 01 Cai.... Portland...... Apr. W
Bristol Oy»ter Harbor Apr. 19
Bonlta Newport Apr. U
¦Washtenaw .... Tac0ma....... ••••"• Apr- J~
Ou-#n Victoria A Pujet Sound Apr. 13
N>wbur X Grayi Harbor Apr. IS
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 13
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 12
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Apr. 13
Pomona San Dleso Apr. 13
Santa Rc«a San Dieuo ~ Apr. 11
Arcata Coos Bay —. Apr. 13
Columbia (Portland Apr. 1»
Xorth Fork IHumboldt Apr. 15
Coos Bay Newport ~ Apr. 1»
Lacuna iTlllamook Apr. M
Nippon Maru... 'China and Japan Apr. 17
City of Puebla. VtctoHa & Puget Sound Apr. 1.
Corona !San Diego - Apr. 17
Steamer.
Destination.
Ball*.
Pier.
Aloha [Crescent City. Apr. 9. 12 m Pier 2
North ForkjHumboldt Apr. 10. »am Pier 3
Belgian KR'Chlr.a&.Tapan Apr. 10. 8 am, Pier 27
Coquiile RvlGrays Harbor Apr. 10. 1J m,Pler IX
Corona .... San Diego Apr. 11. 11 am PW U
Umatllla .. Vie A Pst Sd. Apr. 11. 10 am Pier %
State of CaJ Portland Apr. IS. 10 am Pier 24
honlta Newport Apr. 13, »am PW It
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 14. Ipm Pier 1
Pomona ...IHumboldt Apr. I*. 1 pan Pier »
Famoa lllumboldt Apr. 15. 13 am Pier 13
Newburs ..IGrays Harbor Apr. 15. 5 pm.......
Panta Rosa'san Dle^o Apr. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Queen IVlc & PfTt Sd. Apr. 18. 10 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... I Newport [Apr. 17. 9am Pier H
Doric ......IChlna& Japan) Apr. IT. 1 pm'PMSS
ARTICLES. (Open. iHieh.) Low. Close.
1 \ 1
"Wheat No. 2— .1
April 66%
May 67i,i 67% 6C% 67
July 68% 65% 6774 6SV4
September 69% 69% 68% 68%
Corn No. 2—
April I 88%
May W* 40% 39% 59%
July 40% *l% 40 40»,i
September 41b 41% «% 40%
Oats No. 2—
May 23 25 24% 24%
July 24H !<% 24 2V*
September 23>,i 23V4 23H 23,*
Mess pork, bbl—
May 12 85 12 97% 12 SO 12 80
July 12 S5 13 00 12 85 12 90
Lard, 100 lbs—
May 6 774 6 82V4 6 77% 6 S2>4
July 6 87% 695 6 57>,4 6 92>,
September 6 97% 7 02% 6 97% 7 00
Short, ribs, 100 lbs—
May 710 720 710 7 12%
July 6 90 7 00 6 90 6 95
September 690 6 97% 690 695
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shipm'ts.
Flour, barrels 59.000 55.000
Wheat, bushels 69.000 184,000
Corn, bushels 272.C00 . 255.000
Oats, bushels 259.000 256.000
Rye. bushels 6,000 B.OCO
Barley, bushels 52,000 20.000.
O Time JTlme| Time Tlmet
t> Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
ST L W H W L. W H W
10 ... J:« »•* »:« «•« * :M H * : !J 52
11 S•» 1.8 »:M 4-5 »:" 1* 9:51 *J
12 *" 3 : B8 1.4 10:20 4.« 8:45 1.8 10:19 8.1
is 4 : JO 10 11:02 4.7 4:l<t 8.0 10:45 5.4
14 •'• 4 : 59 0l« 11 4S 4.7 4:4« J. 2 11:101 5.4
15 •" E : 33 0 2 12:30 4.« 5:13 2.5 11:35 5.4
IS "I «iS 0.0 1:15! 4.5 6:52 ».T I
Steamer. I From. 1 P" 9 -
Crescent CUy.Jcrescent City -Apr. »
Htate 01 Cai.... Portland...... Apr. W
Bristol Oy»ter Harbor Apr. 19
Bonlta Newport Apr. U
¦Washtenaw .... Tac0ma....... ••••"• Apr- J~
Ou-#n Victoria A Pujet Sound Apr. 13
N>wbur X Grayi Harbor Apr. IS
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 13
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 12
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Apr. 13
Pomona San Dleso Apr. 13
Santa Rc«a San Dieuo ~ Apr. 11
Arcata Coos Bay —. Apr. 13
Columbia (Portland Apr. 1»
Xorth Fork IHumboldt Apr. 15
Coos Bay Newport ~ Apr. 1»
Lacuna iTlllamook Apr. M
Nippon Maru... 'China and Japan Apr. 17
City of Puebla. VtctoHa & Puget Sound Apr. 1.
Corona !San Diego - Apr. 17
Steamer.
Destination.
Ball*.
Pier.
Aloha [Crescent City. Apr. 9. 12 m Pier 2
North ForkjHumboldt Apr. 10. »am Pier 3
Belgian KR'Chlr.a&.Tapan Apr. 10. 8 am, Pier 27
Coquiile RvlGrays Harbor Apr. 10. 1J m,Pler IX
Corona .... San Diego Apr. 11. 11 am PW U
Umatllla .. Vie A Pst Sd. Apr. 11. 10 am Pier %
State of CaJ Portland Apr. IS. 10 am Pier 24
honlta Newport Apr. 13, »am PW It
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 14. Ipm Pier 1
Pomona ...IHumboldt Apr. I*. 1 pan Pier »
Famoa lllumboldt Apr. 15. 13 am Pier 13
Newburs ..IGrays Harbor Apr. 15. 5 pm.......
Panta Rosa'san Dle^o Apr. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Queen IVlc & PfTt Sd. Apr. 18. 10 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... I Newport [Apr. 17. 9am Pier H
Doric ......IChlna& Japan) Apr. IT. 1 pm'PMSSBAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJB.
Steamer "Monttceilo.**
MON. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at t:45
a. m.: 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlzat); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 3:20; Sundays. 10:30 a. jfc.. J
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mis*ion-stre«« Pock.
Pier So. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
FARE .j^....... ?»,..wM».uW Ml ltt
SEEKING THE GOLDEN
STOOL OF ASHANTI
British Quest of Pompeh's Throne
the Cause of the Kumassie
Rising.
LONDON, April 9.— Official reports re
ceived from Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodg
son, governor and commander in chief of
the Gold Coast Colony, show that the
Ashanti uprising was due to efforts by the
British to obtain possession of the golden
stool of Ashanti. the royal throne, which
King Pompeh was alleged to have con
cealed at the time of his submission to the
British expedition led by Sir Francis
Scott.
These efforts have been violently op
posed by the Kumassie tribe, with the re
sult that two British constables have been
dangerously wounded and one has been
killed. A third is missing and twenty-one
other casualties are reported. Most of the
native chiefs, however, declare themselves
loyal and refuse to join the Kumassie
tribesmen.
The Governor hopes to secure a peaceful
settlement. lie has sent for two addi
tional companies of troops.
KLONDIKE CLEAN-UP.
Water Is Already Running, but a
Shortage Is reared.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 9.— A careful
inspection of all dumps on Hunker and
Dominion creeks, Klondike, enables the
Yukon Sun to estimate that these two
creeks with their tributaries will this
spring clean up $4,500,000.' 34, 35 and 36
Dominion being the richest individual
claims with half a million to their credit.
Water has already commenced runnng In
the creeks and the clean-up has com
menced tre this. A shortage of water is
feared.
VANCOUVER. B. C. April 9.— Skaguay
papers to April 5, brought by the steamer
Cutch to-day, state that all reports from
the interior point to an almost Impass
able trail from Bennett to Dawson. The
breaking of the Yukon River now is ex
ceptionally early and it Is said that in
numerable teams en route with goods for
Dawson will not be able to get through
owing to the breaking up of the ice.
Teams and goods will be obliged to re
main on the trail until they can be picked
up by the first steamers to Dawson.
CITIZENS' COMMITTEE REPORTS.
More Money Needed for the Prosecu-
tion of the Kidnapers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. April 9.— The citizens'
committee which was appointed at the
mass-meeting held here on March 30 to
consider the abduction of the Chinese
girl Kirn Quey made its final report late
to-night. After reviewing the resolution
passed at both the Palo Alto and San Jose
indignation meetings the committee states
that the matter is now in the hands of
fhe District Attorney of the county and
the Grand Jury, to be prosecuted or not,
as is deemed fit.
D. M. Delmas haa been retained to as-
Fin the authorities in the prosecution and
the members of the committee intimate
that eensational developments may be ex
pected soon. The finance committee also
made its report, showing that $1267 55 has
been subscribed to date, of which sum
*v 3* bo has been paid in cash. Though
this sum is not sufficient to cover the ex
pensea of the campaign which will be
waged, the committee is sanguine that
the necessary amount will soon be raised.
DEATH OF DR. JUNKIN.
Was With Stonewall Jackson When
He Fell at Chancellorsville.
NEW YORK, April 9.-Rev. William F.
Junkin of Montclair, N. J., died to-day
after a week's illness of pneumonia. He
was born in Philadelphia sixty-nine years
apo. his father being Rev. Charles Jun
kin a noted Presbyterian clergyman.
.« Th Un i S w . a l Rraduat ed from Prince
ton Theological Seminary in 18M. He en
listed as a private in the Confederate
army and subsequently received a com
mission, which he resigned to become a
chaplain. He was a brother-in-law of
General Thomas J. (Stonewall) Jackson,
and wan with him when the general fell
in the battle of Chancellorsville. His
widow is the eldest daughter of Judge
Anderson of the Supreme Court of Ap
peals of "Virginia. The eldest son is Fran
cis T. A. Junkin of Chicago, general at
torney of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company. One daughter is
Mrs. L B. Cox of Portland. Or., and an
other Mrs. Williams of Washington D C
Good Sailing Record.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 9.— The
American brigrantine Courtney Ford ar
rived In port this afternoon. She is owned
by C. A. Hooper & Co. of San Francisco
and will load sugar and flour here for
Cape Nome for the Alaska Exploration
Company. She sailed through the Straits
of Fuca and up the Gulf of Georgia into
Vaucpuver harbor. No vessel for ten
years ho« performed the same sailing feat
without the assistance of a tug. She is
only fourteen days out from San Pedro.
President Jordan Returns.
Special Dlepatch to Tbe Call;
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 9.—
COHPAGSIS GEKSBALE TRAS'ATLA.ITIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _^f-aw~
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <Affn>
Saturday, from November 2. 1*33. at r'-10r '-
10 a. m. from Pier C North River, foot o£
Morton rt.. L'AQUITAINE. April 12: LA GAS-
COONE, April 19: LA TOCRAINE. April 28;
LA RRETAGNE. May J. First clans to
Havre *«0 and upward; 5 per cent reductl-ia
on round trip. Second clas* to Havre. $13: $
per cent reduction on. round trip. OEXEKALi
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Nevr
TorJc! J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. PaeiSe Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery are.. San Francisco.
CAPfIdME!
.
SAN PEDRO
(Built in 1833.)
Capacity 1000 tons. All modern
conveniences for comfort. Elec-
tric lighted throughout.
Bailing From
BAN FRANCISCO
NOME DIKECT
May 15, 1900
This company will have Its own
complete equipment for the saf*
and expeditious landing of passen-
gers and cargo on arrival at Noma.
For Freight and Passenger
Rates Apply to
CAPE NOME STEAMSHIP CO.
(H. R. DUFFIN & CO.. Oen'l Agents.)
i 10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
™* NOME BEACH
DIRECTV
BARKENTINE CATHERINE SUDDEN SAILS
APRIL 18, 1300. .
For freight rates apply to tha
NOME BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TRANS-
PORTATION COMPANY,
i • Offlce: 4 California at." '
JOSEPH R. KNOWLAND.
parlors and a most enthusiastic meetimr
was held It was decided that Alameda
County should ask to have a representa
tive on the board of grand trustees Frank
Barnett of Oakland now holds that posi
tion, but Mr. Barnett has decided that
he will not again be a candidate The
delegation then unanimously decided to
indorse Assemblyman Joseph R. Know
land of Alameda for the place.
Mr. Knowland has always taken an im
portant part in Native Sons as In other
Alameda County matters, and his indorse
ment was a particularly happy one
Lodge Case Goes Over.
SANTA ROSA. April 9.— ln Judge
Dougherty's department of the Superior
Court to-day the Lodge case was put over
for one month to allow the defendant es
tate to take depositions in England. Plain
tiff's attorneys were on hand prepared to
hurry the case along, and appeared to be
disappointed at the turn of affairs.
In Alameda County.
OAKLAND, April 9.— Elections were
held in several of the towns of Alameda
County to-day. At Emeryville there was
an effort to fight the ticket that is sup
posed to be favorable to the racing Inter
ests, but the fight did not show very much
when the votes were counted. The big
fight was between Morris H. Lane and
Harry Allen for Marshal. Lane won the
fight by a vote of 306 to 42. Charles G.
Mayborn had no opposition for Treasurer
and received 296 votes. For Clerk there
were three nominees, and the vote stood:
J. C. Coburn 2TI, Edward Neldt S4. Thomas
Murphy 16. For Trustees J. S. Emery re
ceived 259 votes. F. J. Storer 255 and M. J.
Hayes 65. Storer and Emery were elected.
The San Leandro election resulted in a
surprise. The Trustees who were sup
posed to favor the municipal ownership of
the electric light plant were defeated. The
Trustees who were elected were H. F.
Eber. J. E. Quinn and M. V. Ritter. The
defeated ones are John Driver. J. F. E.
Hopper and Charles R. Jones. For Clerk.
Douglas U. Toffelmier defeated F. H. Wil
liams by 21 votes. M. Gelsenhoffer, incum
bent, defeated Manuel Borge for Marshal
by 88 votes. Joseph Hirrscher. who has
been Town Treasurer from time Immemo
rial, won against Joaquin Cunha by 63
majority. There was much personality in
the election and nothing on party lines.
GUS DEME TRIES TO SLAUGHTER WIFE AND INFANT.
OAKLAND. April 9.— Crazed from excessive drink, Gus Deme of East
Oakland made a murderous assault upon his wife and baby last night,
and his unsteady aim and the darkness are the only things that
stood between him and a charge of double murder. After discharg
ing a double-barreled shotgun at his fleeing wife and five-year-old son he
calmly went to bed with his weapon beside him. and was sleeping soundly
when he was arrested this morning.
Deme bears the reputation of being extremely abusive to his wife, espe
cially when he is under the influence of liquor. He returned to his home,
1272 East Eleventh street, shortly after midnight, much the worse for having
imbibed too freely. He dragged his wife from her bed and without any pre
liminary discussion told her he was determined to kill her, and commanded
her to pray, as she only had a few minutes more to live.
While he went to a closet for the shotgun she seized her child and ran
out of the house into the darkness of the night, closely followed by her
bloodthirsty husband. When he reached the front steps he raised the gun to
his shoulder and fired. Both charges -went wide of the mark. Mrs. Deme
sought shelter at the home of her sister, Mrs. Al White, where she remained
during the remainder of the' night. This morning she reported the matter to
the police and the arrest of her husband followed. He was held under $3000
bail for assault to murder.
"My husband was drunk when he came home," said Mrs. Deme to-day,
"and when he got into the house he shouted: 'I am going to blow my brains
out and yours, too! Get down on your knees and pray.' He started for the
gun and I tried to persuade him not to do anything rash. He got the gun
and then started for some cartridges, and without waiting to give him an
opportunity I took my child and ran outdoors with him. Gus came out on
the steps and fired at me. but none of the shot hit me. His aim was bad
because he was drunk and because it was so dark that he could not see dis
tinctly."
President David Starr Jordan returned to
day from an extended visit among the
larger Eastern colleges and universities,
where he has been sinee -the last week In
February. Since leaving Stanford Presi
dent Jordan has visited Harvard. Yale,
Columbia. Cornell, Chicago and the Uni
versities of Indiana and West Virginia.
He has also addressed several large teach
ers' conventions, as well as prominent
business men's clubs in Chicago, Boston
and New York.
In reference to his purported quotation
of Roosevelt, in which the latter was
made to compare President McKinley to
the toy chocolate man. President Jordan
said the whole story was a falsehood and
had no foundation in fact.
»
INDORSED FOR
GRAND TRUSTEE
OAKLAND, April 9.— A conference of
the delegates from the various Native
Sons' parlors of Alameda County to the
Grand Lodge which meets at Oroville on
the 23d of this month was held this even-
J i" s v» at , th . c °, ffic c ot Court Commissioner
Babcock to decide upon some united ac
tion to be taken by the Alameda County
delegates.
There were representatives from ten
TALKED WITH ALLEGED
ASSASSIN OF GOEBEL
Dr. Phillips Says "Jim" Howard
May Be Found at His Home in
Clay County.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. April 9.— Dr. H. B.
Phillips, a prominent citizen of Clay
County, arrived here to-day and an
nounced that he had seen "Jim" Howard,
who, it has been said, fired the shot that
killed Goebel. and had a talk with him.
Howard, he says, told him that whenever
a warrant was issued for his arrest he
would gladly go with the officer serving
it and would not attempt to dodge or re
sist the law in any way. Howard is in
Clay, County at his home.
*
FACTORIES DESTROYED.
Conflagration Throws Hundreds of
Men Out of Employment.
NEW YORK, April 9.— A fire in Green
point to-day threw between 1200 and 1500
men out of employment and destroyed
several factories. The damage is placed
at from $500,000 to $600,000. The factories
destroyed were Edward C. Smith, box
manufacturer; North Carolina Pine Lum
ber Company; A. J. & J. J. McCollum, coal
dealers; George W. Dlper.Wood and paint
works, and Post & McCord, Iron founders
and patternmakers. Damage was done to
the buildings of the Brooklyn OH Works
and Church & Co., soda manufacturers.
The cause of the fire is unknown.
McFADDEN VICTORIOUS.
San Francisco Pugilist Too Clever
for Eugene Garcia.
NEW YORK, April 9.— "Kid" McFad
den of San Francisco practically knocked
out Eugene Garcia of Brooklyn in the
sixth round at the Hercules Athletic Club
of Brooklyn to-night. The boys put up a
good fight for four rounds, Garcia caus
ing his supporters — and there were many
who played the Brooklyn man at 1 to 2—
to shout with delight. The Pacific Coast
man was too clever, however, and in the
sixth round Garcia was floored six times.
The referee then stopped the bout.
William E. Stayton Dead.
Special Dispatch to The Call
GILROY, April 9.— Another of the pio
neers of '49 passed away to-day In this
city In the person of William Elmore
Stayton. Mr. Stayton was one of five
brothers who crossed the plains in that
year and went at once to the mines at
Diamond Springs. For many years Mr.
Stayton had made his home in San Benito
County, a few miles from the Stayton
mines, named after the brothers. One
brother, Joseph, is left of the family. Mr.
Stayton was afflicted with bronchitis and
heart failure. . He died at the age of 68
years.
BRAVE WOMAN SAVES
A CHILD'S LIFE
OAKLAND, Aprils 9.— Little Gertrude Heridrickson was badly burned this •
afternoon at her parents' home in Pleasant .Valley. The child's mother *
was away from the house at the time and the children secured, some *
matches and were playing with them and the little girl's dress was set *
. on fire by them. When the light dress caught fire her little brother ran' .
. out of the house crying that his sister was on fire. Mrs. Thomas Robbleo, •
• at the risk of her own life, wrapped the burning child in a blanket and was •
• severely burned in so doing, but ; with rare presence of mind she did exactly •
• the risrht thing at the right time and soon had the flames out. ;
• . Just at that moment - a lady was driving by In her carriage and the lit- *
. tie girl was taken to Fabiola Hospital and put under the care of Dr. Fearn, *
• who hopes to save her life. - .
Had No Certificates.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, April 9.— Deputy United
States Marshal Putnam, assisted by De
tectives Haley and Pickering, went to
Milpitas this morning and arrested six
teen Chinese with a view to having them
deported, the men being, it is alleged il
legally in this country. The men were em
ployed In the asparagus canning: factory
of the. Oakland Canning Company at that
place. Over a hundred Chinese are em
ployed there, and the Marshal demanded
a certificate of each one. All were nro
vided with the necessary papers but six
teen, who were arrested and taken to the
City Prison. This afternoon they were
charged with being illegally in this coun
try before United States Commissioner
James in this city.
ever, is paid to have left Kreling on the
steamer at Antioch. " '' V-
Mrs. John Kreling. a daughter-in-law,
was the nrst witness called by Coroner
Mehrmann. She said ehe had last seen
the deceased on Friday, March 30. He had
told her of his intended trip to Brooklyn.
Ph<? said: "My father felt very cheerful
whpn I saw him and said he would be
very glad when he could get to Brooklyn
to sell some property and finally settle
the entire estate. He was always afraid
of the water, and I do not believe would
indulge in a boat ride. He did not cay
anything of a trip to Stockton, and if he
did po it was a very unusual thing, as he
seldom went anywhere without company.
Either his nephew. Carl Kreling. or my
self accompanied him at all times, even
to the park and Cliff House.
"I believe he met with foul play, as a
valuable watch, cuff buttons and con
siderable money and papers were missing
when h!s body was found. He sometimes
carried as much as $200. He received an
injury to his head about two years ago
by being knocked down by a bicycle, but
I " do not believe it affected him in any
way.
"Antone Pfiefer. a friend of ours, told
me yesterday that he had seen my father
nn the steamer Dauntless on his way to
Stockton. He told Pfiefer that he had
to see a man in Stockton who owed him
money. Pfiefer had been in conversation
with "him and left him sleeping in a chair
at Antioch. At Antioch at 10 o'clock
Pfiefer left the steamer. He had also
spoken to Pfiefer about his proposed trip
East."
Carl Kreling. a nephew, the next wit
ness called, said he had last seen his
uncle March 2S in his room In the Bald
win Annex. He had expressed a desire to
get pome acquaintance to go East with
him. Ht» was very regular In his habits
and never picked up a passing acquaint
ance. Kreling could give no suggestion
as to the solving of the mystery.
Richard H. Trenouth. superintendent of
the San Francisco Candle Works at Flem
ings Po'nt. told how he had found the
body Sunday evening at 6 o'clock. There
were several abrasions on the head,
caused probably by being rolled on the
beach debris. There was nothing, he said,
about the body which indicated .murder.
Deputy Coroner Streightif said he had
found the body at Flemings Point, had
examined it carefully for any marks of
foul play and had found none. In the
pockets 30 cents and half a bottle of
whisky were all that he could find.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
IRATE WOMAN
MAKES ATTACK
UPON SISTER
Miss May Smith Creates Ex
citement on Streets of .
Oakland.
Attempts to Thrash Attorney Lut
trell and His Client, Mrs. Cherry.
Trouble Arises Over
Civil Suit.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway, April 9.
Miss May Smith, of West Oakland made
a savage attack on her sister, Mrs.
Cherry, of Golden Gate, and Attorney Hi
ram A. Luttrell on the street this morn
ing, forcing the former to take refuge In a
barber-shop and the lawyer to retire pre
cipitately and ungracefully inside the sa
cred precincts of a saloon. The assault
occasioned considerable excitement and
has since formed a topic for public gos
sip.
Miss Smith is a handsome blonde and
was at one time committed to a reform
school for four years. Her belligerent
demonstration to-day was caused by Mrs.
Cherry's opposition to her petition for let
ters of guardianship over the persons of
their two minor sisters, the mother hav
ing died a short time ago. The case came
up for a hearing in Judge Greene's court
this morning and was continued for a
week.
Mrs. Cherry and Attorney Luttrell. who
represents her in the case, were walking
up Broadway after leaving the courtroom
and had reached the corner of Eighth
street when they were overtaken by Miss
Smith. Grasping her sister by the arm
she whirled the startled woman round and
spat in her face. Then, dropping her hold
on Mrs. Cherry, the irate girl stepped in
front of Attorney Luttrell and began to
give him a tongue lashing. At this junc
ture two ladies who had witnessed the af
fair grasped Miss Smith by the arms and
begged her to be Quiet. Taking advan
tage of this respite the lawyer seized his
client's arm and hurried her to a place of
safety.
Hardly had he succeeded in getting Mrs.
Cherry out of sight when Miss Smith, who
had shaken off the trammeling hands that
held her in restraint, again made a vig
orous descent upon him. Diving into a sa
loon Luttrell made a temporary escape
from the finger-nails of the angry woman
and later on returned to his offices.
Hardly had he arrived there when he
was summoned to a barber-shop at 904
Broadway, where he found Mrs. Cherry
imprisoned. Miss Smith was pounding
upon the doors and screaming, "I Just
want one smash at you."
Luttrell summoned a policeman, who
forced Miss Smith to leave the scene un
der penalty of arrest. Her sister will
probably swear to a warrant for her ar
rest on a charge of battery.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. April 9.
Stmr State of California. Gage, SO hours from
Portland, via Astoria 40 hours. > ;;, ; >
SAILED. -v - -
Monday, April 9.'
Stmr Aloha, Joreensen. Crescent City.
DOMESTIC PORT.
. SAX - DlEGO— Sailed April 9— Stmr Bruns
wick and Frwar stmr Protet. for San Fran
cisco. OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORTLAND, Me— Arrived April *— Btmr Do^'
minion, from Liverpool, for Halifax.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Arril .»— Stmr, Aller,
from New York, for Genoa.
POLICE UNABLE TO
SUPPRESS RIOTERS
WASHINGTON. April 9.— Secretary
Root to-day made public a telegram from
General Davis, the Military Governor of
Porto Rico, in regard to the recent labor
troubles near San Juan, but beyond in
dicating his private opinion that there i 3
no likelihood of a recurrence of the riots
the Secretary declined to discuss the mat
ter for publication. General Davis tele
gram, wnich is dated San Juan, is as fol
"Civil disorders here beyond the control
of the military police, thereby forcing the
use of troops for the preservation of or
der. Have placed an officer of the army
in charge of the municipal police of San
Juan. The trouble has been principally
caused by assaults by natives upon resi
dent negroes from neighboring English
islands. One native and one British, sub
ject were killed."
Sargent's Will Filed.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— The will" of James
P. Sargent, the well-known pioneer cap
italist of Gilroy, was filed for probate here
to-day. The value of the estate is given
at $200,000. After declaring he had but one
wlfeand but four living children.he takes
the same precaution as the late Senator
Fair and states: "Noting the ease with
which designing Persons procure appar
ently credible testimony to establish re
lationship as wife or child, to any person
who shall establish that he or she is my
child legitimate or illegitimate, I hereby
bKuWth the sum of $50." • Five-eighth. i of
the estate is given to the widow, and
\gnes Sargent and Ida Sargent and Oida
Cole, daughters, are each given one
eighth. The son, James Sargent, is
omitted in the will, his share being given
to his mother. This is declared to be not
because of lack of affection but because
of the condition of the son's affairs.
Officers Elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SONOMA, April 9.— The annual meeting
of the Board of Trustees of the Califor
nia Home for. the Care and Training of
Feeble-minded Children was held at El
dridge last Saturday e Y enln /' An . S le<>
tion of officers was held and resulted as
follows: Robert A. Poppe^ president;
Jesse Burris, treasurer, and Dr. A. E. Os
borne. secretary. The two .former gentle
men afe residents of this place, while Dr.
O«!borne is the superintendent of the in
stitution The affairs of the home are re
norted to be in a splendid condition and
the health of the inmates unusually good.
Teachers' Institute.
SANTA ROSA, April 9.— Sonoma Coun
ty's thirty-first annual Teachers' Institute
opened here to-day. Superintendent of
Schools Miss Minnie Coulter presided.
There was a good attendance ana a num
ber of interesting papers were read.
Bicyclist Fights a Draw.
LOS ANGELES, April 9.— Clem TurvHle,
the bicycle rider, fought a twenty-round
draw with Tlno Smith to-night before the
Southern California Athletic Club. -
Professor Emerson to Lecture.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, April
9._ Professor Alfred Emerson, the archae
ologist, will at 3:45 o'clock to-morrow aft
ernoon begin a series of six lectures In the
Mechanics building on "Greek Decorative
and Pictorial Sculpture." The lectures will
be Illustrated with fine lantern views.
They are open to the public without
charge On Wednesday afternoon the sub
ject will be "The Beginnings of Greek
Sculpture: Daedalus, lonian and Dorian
Schools: Early Athenian Statuary." On
Thursday afternoon Professor Emerson
will lecture on the "Fruits of the German
Excavation at Olympia,"
FRUIT DAMAGED
BY SEVERE FROSTS
Sudden Fall in Temperature Will
Cause Great Loss to Orchardists
and Vineyardists.
f?p»cSal Pif i>atch to The Call.
HOLUSTEB] April 9.— Heavy frost last
Dlgfct totally cleaned out the apricot crop
of the Hollisttr and San Juan valleys.
Except on the highlands there is no fruit
Jeft. Prunes and cherries are damaged
from :A to 75 per cent. All gard«?n stuff
:.= griped out completely. The thermome
ter went down to 26 degrc-c-s. The loss
will approximate (200,000.
PAN JOSE. April it.— The frost of last
Tiipht did some damage to the peach and
ftprfcot crops of the \-alley. ! The prunes
•wre not ; affected on account of th^ir
smallncss and the protection of the
leaves.
SACRAMENTO. April 9— Frost along
th»- American River did great damage last
nicht to grape*. The young sHoots were
just starting and the frost was sharp
*-n<->ugh to nip them badly. This la one of
thi 5 greatest grape districts in the State
and embrace* the Natoma vineyard of
miir.y thousand acres. Over about Stock-
Ton and along the Mokc-lumne River
prapes wore hit hard. There are no re
ports of damage to tre*» fruits. The sec
ojid crop of grapes will probably escape,
and r.ew first crop shoots may be put out.
NO JUDGE IN ALASKA.
Successor of Johnson Busy in Wash
ington Lobbying on a Bill.
Bpedxl Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. April 9.— Sinco the departure
of Judge Johnson, Federal Judg« of
A!;i*ka, fmm Sitka last week that entire
territory ha? had no Judge or judicial of-
Qcer! Deciding to go to Nome, Judge
Johnson resigned last Xovember, his res
ignation to take effect March 21. Judge
Brown, his succt-ssor, ha:# not arrived in
Alaska, and is understood to be in Wash
ington lobbying against the passage cf a
clause in the Alaska bill, providing that
thf Judge of Alaska shall not be over 50
><-ars old. Judge Brown is said to be past
tiO.
On Ir-avingr Eitka Judge Johnson was
importuned by attorneys to hold a short
session of court at Juneau. This he would
have done had he not found a letter at
Juneau notifying him that his resignation
•was accepted; thus ending hl.« authority.
Judge Johnson says that the present judi
cial situation is unfortunate and deplor
able, but cannot b*- remedk-d until his suc
cessor can reach Alaska. He to-day wired
The Department of Justice, stating the ur-
K»nt n*»ed for th<? immediate presence of
the new Judge. Court Commissioner Mal
comb of Juneau recently resigned, so that
Southeastern Alaska has no judicial what
ever.
BRYAN AT SAN DIEGO
Is Enthusiastically Received and
Speaks en the Usual Topics.
FAN DIEGO. April 9.— A1l Ran Dieero
and many people from adjoining towns |
turned out this evening to greet William I
J. Hryan. He arrived at 6 o'clock on the j
Fama F"e train from Ixs Angeles, but j
lons before that time a great crowd had j
UHKSnlttod at the depot, and hundreds of;
others had tak«*n possession of the nioet j
desirable benches on the plaza, which
they patler.tlv occupied during the long
wait until thf> evening meeting was held.
He spoke on the subject of silver at
conridf-rable length, devoting himself
mainly to a sharp criticism of the newly
er.actefi currency law. Trusts was an
other topic to which he paid attention.
"The R< puMican party." he Bald, "could
have d<-stroyed the trusts, but it does
not wis=h to do so." The closing portion
of his speech was devoted to the expan
sion Question, his remarks being In line
¦with his previous utterances on this sub
ject.
After the meeting Mr. Bryan crossed the
bay io spend the night at the Hotel Coro
nado. He leaves in the morning for San
Bernardino. Pomona and Los Angeles.
Gardner and Hamilton Draw.
WHEELING. W. Va.. April 9.— Oscar
Gardner of this city and Jack Hamilton
of Troy. N. V.. fought twenty rounds to
a draw at the Metropolitan Club to-night.
The ftjrhtlng: was ravage, Gardner scor
ing thp only knockdown. He did not dis
pJajr his old-time form and seemed tired
niirr every hot rally. Hamilton showed
surprising Ptrength and gave as good as
he received.
+ Do not miss The Call's +
«?¦ Easter number — out April 15. -f-
?: In addition to interesting and +
* timely articles appropriate lor
> the joyous closing of the I/ent- +
+ en season, there will be some +
full-page halftone productions
+ cf specially chosen subjects by +:
+~ leading artists of America. +
+ You will want these for deco- +
rative posters.
•????????????????:i+-H-T0
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers l«»ave Broadway
St. wharf. San Francisco:
Wfifri, For Alaskan ports— lo a. m..
MSftfvSK. April 11. 1«, :i. :¦>; May 1.
Kjfcs<J'£>»j»^ Chanare to company's stram^r*
t^Vjiif} vVI For Victoria. Vancouver <B
B3t3d^*^*l c-c -'- Pert Townsend. Seattle.
f^*^6?gt^Bl Tacoma, Everett, Anaor.rt* i
an 3 New Whatcom (Wash.)—
**% IP a. m., April 11. 56. Zl. ZB:'
May 1. and every fifth day thereafter; chan?«
at Seattle to this company's steam>*rs for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. :
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Eay— J p. m.. April
14, 19. 24. »: May 4 and eTery fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Craz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo>. Oavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenerne. *an Pedm.
East San Pedro (Los Angles) and Newport— a
a. m.. April 9, 13. 17. 21. 25. 23: May 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfiri
(San Luis Ob!«o). Santa Barbara. Port Lo»
Angeles and Redondo (Lo* Angeles* — II a. tn..
April 7, 11. 15. 19. 23. !7: May 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For En«<Mia<la. Mascdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pal. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico>— lo a. m.. 7th of earh
month.
For further informatton obtain company's
folder.
The company T*?erves tbe rizht to chants
steamer*. «alHn«" dat»? »n<l hcnir» of natllns.
wi^otit r>revlnu* Ti<">t!ce.
TICKET OfTICB-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN'S A CO.. Gen. A*ts..
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
MRS. HEARST TO START
A NEW MUSEUM OF ART
The Generous Regent of the Univer
sity of California Undertakes
a Great Task.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, April
9.— Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, the woman re
gent of the University of California who
defrayed the expenses of the great inter
national competition for permanent plans
for the buildings and grounds at Berke
ley, and who has aided the university in
many other ways, has just announced to
the board of regents that she has under
taken the task of establishing a museum
of art and archaeology. Mrs. Hearst has
planned for the collection on a large scale
of objects illustrating the history of fine
arts throughout the world. Incidentally
the collections will be of great ethnologi
cal Interest, The fruits of these explora
tions will be housed in the new Fine Arts
building which will front on the great
Fine Arts Square on the south of the uni
versity grounds.
The nucleus of the new fine arts mu
seum will be supplied by collectors who
have just been appointed by Mrs. Hearst.
These collections are not to be made pri
marily as a result of excavation. In some
parts of the world excavations can no
longer be pursued by private individuals,
nor by a university, and even nations find
it difficult to secure excavating privileges.
In Italy and Greece, for example, exca
vation on a private basis is wholly impos
sible. Germany, which is extremely strong
diplomatically, through the Imperial
Archaeological Institute has succeeded in
obtaining the privilege of excavating in
Greece. By most modern nations this can
not be hoped for.
Professor Alfred Emerson, the celebrat
ed archaeologist, who is to make collec
tions In Greek art for the University of
California, will therefore devote most of
his time to journeying about Europe and
examining whatever collections are for
sale. In the possession of private owners.
In the hands of dealers In antiquities and
In odd corners he will be able to find
many treasures of classical archaeology.
BERKELEY. April $>.— Dr. H. X.
Roweil completed his autopsy upon
:hp body of F. W. Kreling at the
Berkeley Branch Morgue this even
ing, and at the end he said: "All
thsi I will say Is that Mr. Kreling did not
tome to his doaih by drowning."
The inquest disclosed the fact that de
ceased bad tif-en struck^, heavy blow just
• ivor the ht-art and that enough force was
in the blow to rupture the blood vessels.
:<n<'. cause d»ath. It is believed that the
person or persons who administered the
blow then tried to hide their crime by
throwing th*> body into the water, so as
to make it appear that death was by
drowning. The bruises on the head were
accounted for by the rocks surrounding
the spot where the body was found. It is
that in throwing the body over
¦ I the head struck the rocks and
caused the bruised condition.
The Coroner's Jury has expressed a de
sire to hear the testimony of Antone
Pfiefer. ' who is supposed to have seen
Mr. Kreiing upon the Dauntless on FriJay
:;:p!u. Mr. I'nefer has been ?<'nt for. d<>
t>ynre the fact that his story Is not thoußht
to be of much use. Pfiefer claims to
have seen Mr. Kreling on the boat when
it reached Antioch. This does not tally
with the place where the body was found,
nor with Tts condition. l>r. Rowell says
that the body had probably been in the
water not more than two days, because it
was still fresh, and be says that it would
be impossible for a body that met death
above Antigen 10 drift to. the Berkeley
beacli in two days, and that it would take
a remarkable condition of the tides and
currents to land it on the Berkeley shore
Imm Ar»tio<-h.
The 'rjq'j«-s-t in the rase was postponed
irntii Thursday afternoon, when a number
of ntw crftnesses' will be call^il. The
jurors this afternoon •rere not able to ar
rive at a satisfactory verdict because of
lark <>f evidenoe. The evidence presented
at:d the expert testimony disagreed.
Antone Ptifft-r. who was on the
ft<>amf-r Dauntless on Friday evening and
had been in conversation with the de
reased, will be Mimmoned, as will seme
toe connected with the s=teamer. The con
tradlctorT evidence this afternoon tended
10 heighten the mystery, as I>r. Rowell
a body thrown into the river would
not float to Flemings Point. Pfiefer, how-
SIGX' HEADACHE
cared by tHese
lAttle Pills.
Tfcey also relieve Distress from Dyspepria^
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A pep.
feet rezDhdy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drov.-si.
ness. Bad Taste la the Month, Coated Tongue
Pain fa the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
Smafl Price.
CO-EDS WILL
BE HOUSED IN
DORMITORIES
Young Women Students of
the University to Be
Better Cared For.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst Has Arranged
for One Clubhouse and Will Send
Mrs. Dr. Bitter East to Get
Pointers.
BERKELEY, April 9.— Mrs. Hearst haa
again come to the rescue of the young la
dies of the University of California, and
will send Mrs. Dr. Ritter East to Investi
gate women's dormitories at the larger
Eastern Institutions. It is proposed to in
stitute a system of clubhouses that the
women students may become more a part
of the university and be better accommo
dated. The old Blake residence, at the
head of Bancroft way, has been secured
as the first clubhouse. Mrs. Hearst has
arranged to furnish the entire house, and
in it fourteen young ladies will make their
home. This will be used as an experiment
and if it proves successful others will be
established from time to time.
Mrs. Ritter said that several young la
dles of the university had asked that the
dormitory system be instituted. At the
instigation of President Wheeler and Mrs.
Hearst, Mrs. Ritter entered into the work
and will go East on a tour of inspection,
and the system will be modern in every
feature.
ASSASSINS DEALT
TERRIBLE BLOWS
Autopsy Showed That Kreling Was
Killed by Being Hit Over
the Heart.
Well Grounded Belief That the Aged Man's
Body Was Thrown Into the Water to
Hide the Crime.
THE SAX FEA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APEIL 10, 1900.
MfKjP^M SfvO ¦ *
? 0*0*0iO«0>0»0»0^3tO »O<*O*O*-
iVISSHY >S HEALTHFUL! j
o 01 A N *ta*l Mkenl Water t
O ?*K * ith n:ecJ!clnal qualltls*. O
o /»§L o? k^gs^ioa aai
o 4!^y\ Stoaach Di3ari?r3. o
% pip So-called VICHY?
? WfctinaA IN SIPHONS S
O *£
4> Tl. ¦" nn «u%f |m UflT VI ¦ m JB3I n C*J T /-.
? 3-iiF " VJCHYs
? P'^&ij^M Get the Genu{n9 o
*» B+-<ugiAt,yfmvK-y !•'••!••' '"i-n O
o whk^maim'tS^B i3Btm^3 *
O A. VICNIER. Distributing Aarent^
? O*O«O#O*O*0*0:-l.J'O»O»O*0*0»
THE 0. R. & H. CO,
PIgPATCH FAST BTEAMXHtS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp«*r-»treet Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FARF S'2 First Class Including Berts
In 111. $3 Second Class and Meal*.
COLUMBIA sails April 3
Short Line to Walla Walla. Snolcane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Tbxousb tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
fRPfi^SSf T ** 3 - 8 - Moan*
Jai 4!&<iZ. fails via Honolulu in 1
r|g*"** Auckland fcr Sydney
M Wednesday, April IS.
SmPTO* W^esday. .X
Favorite line around tbe world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Sue*.
England, etc: }-H0 first class.
L D. SPR£CKELS & BROS. CO.. «gts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight OtBc». ?27 Market St.
England's Armored Trains.
The magnificent armored trains used by Eng
land In her war with the Boers will trans
port her troops, protect bridges and telegraphic
communications in about the same way that
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters drives dyspepsia
from the human stomach and then mounts
guard that It does not return. The Bitters has
won In every case of Indigestion, biliousness,
liver and kidney trouble for the past fifty
years. It is Invaluable at all times.
BEECH AWS PILLS j
taken at night will make you;
feel right, act right and lookr
| right. They cure Constipation. *
I lOreats and 3R rents, at nil drns stores, t
AMERICAN LINE.
KXW YOSJL BCCTHAMPTOS. LONDON. PI2X3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 11 St. Louis May X
New Tork April 13 New York May 9
St, Paul April 25 St. Paul May H
New Yorlc ai}d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. U noon.
Southwark April 11[ Xoordland May S
Westernland ...April IS| Frie«land May 9
Kensington ....April 231 Southwark Itay li
empire line. ';"¦.;'
S. S. Ohio, from Sao Francisco May 13 and
from Seattle May 14. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent tailings. June 30. July Si. Aug. 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For fttll information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
tO MnnUrnroerv »t~ or any ni Ma a*»n?«.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES. '
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Bran nan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, railing at
Kobe (HIoko). Nagasaki and Shanghai, anl
connecting at Hongkong with iteamani for In-
dia, etc.. No cargo received on board oo day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wedne*tfay. April 25th. 13W
S3. AMERICA MARU. Saturday. May 13th, law
S3. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June Mtn, 1*50....
Via Honolulu.
Round-tHp ticket* at reduced rates. Fof
freight and paasage apply at compaay** offlc*.
421 Market «t.. corner Flint.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHEHUOURO
(PARIS) AND HAMnrRO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURO.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINK. 37 ffflw-y.NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'« paasengera on appll<-ation.
HERZOG A CO.. Gen. Asta. for Pacific Coast.
401 California »t.. corner Sansome, S. F.
9
TRIED TO MURDER
HIS WIFE AND CHILDTHE SAX FEANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1900.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, ecrrer of Market and Third streets, open
entll l? o'clock every Right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay: open until 9:39 p. m.
JCfi Hayes rtreet: open until J:3O p. ra.
«SJ McAllister rtreet: open until 9:30 p. ra.
H5 Larkln street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
1541 Mission street ; open until 10 p. m.
C6l Market street corner 81xteenth: open
cntl] 1 r>. m.
JC6 Eleventh rtreet: open tsntll • p. «—
:o?6 Valencia street: open until • p. m-
IJ3 Polk etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-eeeond and Ken-
tncky ytreets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES^
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. O
M.— The officers and members of the J\-
abovr-nan-.ed locre are hereby notified J^J\
to attend the funeral of our late ' ~ _
brother, FRANK BAILEY REYNOLDS. In
King Soloicon'K Hall. Masonic Temple. THIS
DAY (Tuesday). April 10. at 1:33 P. m. Mas-
ter M_ons and friends of the deceased are
invited. By order of the master.
FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M... a
W.IJ meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVES- J^
INO April 10. et 7:30 o'clock. M. M.SX
degree. By. order of the H. P. ,zZ
FRANKLIN 11. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. W. F. and •
A. M. -Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _/%,
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. Decree 3-
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary. /~r '
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. j»
121 Eddy street., meets THIS E\"EN-_ff%^
ING 730 i 'clock H'i-onJ dterre. /t_\
GEORGE rnXLIN'GTON. Secretary. />r^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. M. ft
—Third d°gree THIS (TUESDAY) il
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. J_#\
A. P. HUBBARD. Secretary. '^r y
THE officers and members of Bay .-yi'lff**.*-!
Cltr Lodpe No. 71, I. O. O. F.. are S_2e&
hereby notified to attend a special -iS"Sß~ir-
meeting to be held at I. O. O. F. -~ln«*^
Hall THIS DAY. April 10, at 9:30 a. m.
*--?iarp. 'cr tlie purpose of attending the
funeral of our lat* brother, J. CANTRO-
WITH. Py ordw. L. JONAS. N. G.
TinX>. STEINER, Rec. Secv^
ENGP.OPSINO
Resolutions ex.d diplomas a specialty. J. W.
Griffith. V.'tUir Business College. 24 Post st
AGFNTS WANTrn.
A'.HNTS— Ir.flustrial Insurance: rooms 17. 13
ar.d 59, ¦ Donohoe txi'.lding. Call from $-9 a.
m. and 5-6 p. m. L. J. EKSTROM. Asst. Supt.
AGENT? for an all-round useful utensil: best
•ver invented; til to $:S per day; profitable,
permanent business. Call or write HERRICK.
HIT Ilrush St.. Oakland.
ICO samples: no work; only talk and good pay.
ACdre«s box JOSS, Call offlce.
A GOOD preposition for ladles or gentlemen. •
IJ4O Market n.
WANTED — Agents everywhere to sell our stock.
Ma'.lwaymen'B Oil Co.. 3?7 Parrctt bldg.. S. F.
ASTROLOGY.
I'HOF. A. MAEERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
r.u and palmist in the world: satisfaction
truamnteed 457 Golden G»t» are.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
ro fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atf y «t law. SSO Market cor. Stocktn.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
phone Davis 234. 410 Kearny st
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market St.. opp. Mason.
y. H. MEKZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
*uir.ed practice at SCJ Cal. «.. Clunle bldg.
L. S CLARK, nmma Frrecke!s bldg.. ?27 Mar-
V*»t ft.. rnri^ti'tM^n *r*e: rtn *>e« In advance.
BATH C ABI NET— HOT AIR VAPOR.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding-door opens firm
and safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt. 426 Ellis.
KELGIAN HAKES. j
LORD ESSEX, imported, fee $15; Teddy Roose- |
velt. winner first prize L. A.. fl»: Britain j
Princ*". own fon of Lord Britain, tl 1 ): Dandy '
Styles, own mo of Sir Styles, imp.. $10; Kil-
dar* imp., *5. High-class does, from $10 to
$73 (V-red): also grand bucks for sale. F. E.
MASON. 1710 Everett st.. Alameda. Cal. Vis-
itors welcome, except Sundays.
THOROUGH nRED Belgian hares from all the
greatest winning strains. Champion Edlnboro
11. Lord Britain and others. Tremont Rab-
bitry. 242* Sacramento st.: phone West 237.
YICTCItIA RABBITRY— Headed by Palace
Royal, scoring * prills; other bucks at stud
and for sale; dr^F of all grades and strains. |
bred nnd unbred. 1277 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd. i
PALHFROOM for the Laurel Dell Rabbitry of ,
S*ilnas. Cal., at the Montgomery market. 735
Market St.; agents for the Meadow Brook
IVlgian Hare Company of Los Angeles.
prPIGRHED does with litters and young do»»s.
$2 up: expressare paid. W. F. ADAMS. "42
South Main St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
CHOICE alfuJfa fnr H=!c!sn hurcs. Jft OoMen
UUAH.OI.NU I OK CUILUU— N.
PRIVATE home for children, 1 day to 15 years,
by w«-k or month; large sunny yard; select
neighborhood; mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. I3<"'t Post. bet. Geary and Sutter.
ONE or more children to board; tjood home and
mother's care. 192 Arlington St.. cor. Maglll.
GOOD board for one or two children; nice
home. IC2OA Capp et.
EXCELLENT home for children; terms low.
tit Bay st.. near Hyde.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; German
family. 419 Minna st
DOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hrlinn TVwk ry>.. 7f>4 Mission »t.. near Third.
BOOT AM) SHOE BARGAINS.
BARGAINS In ladles' and children's shoes;
drummers' samples at manufacturer's cost
J. KOHLHECKKR. 145 Fourth ft
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^JSoonJAKERY on leading business street;
Western Addition; rent $fi£; 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; baking 3 1 * barrels per day; sick-
ness cause of rale. See R. G. WILKE. 906
Market Ft.
A— siSo; PARTNER wanted in old established
and first-class paying corner saloon ; retiring
partner to l«*ave for Nome; a splendid offer.
Call R. G. WILKE. *06 Market Bt.
A— $_i 0; CORNER saloon; established for many
years and doing a rushing business; rent
$42 DO; t'«rrt location on Eansome et.: owner
clears above $150 p«r month. It. G. WILKE.
«¦<)€ Market nt.
A— sToO; COKXER ealoon. with 11 club and la-
tfies' rooms; rent $40; place established for
years; very best location; first class; paying.
Call R. G. WILKE. S0« Market st.
A— 12200; CORNER grocery «nd bar on Hayes
rt. ; rent 125, Including rooms; large stock of
liquors and groceries: a first-class, paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE, I>0« Market
A— J25O; DELICACY stort connected with lunch
room; D livlroc rooms; rent $17 60; best loca-
tion CFarrt-ll et.- must b» sold at once; sick-
ness in family. R. G. WILKE. SC6 Market.
A— J25OO; CORNER grocery and bar. witli 4
living room*: rent $iO; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on Mission nt.; place doing a good
paying cash bUHln«i>K; full value- in sight
Call R. G. WILKE. SOG Market at
A— s3so; CIGAR etore; clearing $4 daily; splen-
did location: Market and Kast sts.; rent $12.
Call R. G. WILKE. *U6 Market st.
LIST YOI'R STORE
SALOON. CITY OR COUNTRY REAL
ESTATE Oil BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
WITH ME
I CAN SELL IT FOR CASH
I WANT SO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET ST.,
PHONE JOHN SI.
60-ROOM HOTEL ~ — — —
AND BAR.
60 BOARDERS.
Bargain; price with DECKER. 1020 Market.
Itr*— SALOON on East St.; paying business;
r»ct t'J3. Apply to DECKER. IC2O Market gt.
GROCERY and saloon: 3 living room*; cheap
rent; long lease. Call Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal. B^H California Bt
TRANSFER saloon; cheap If sold this week.
Liauor Dealers' Journal. CIS.-i California st
BARGAIN for buying or ¦elllng saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. C 2»% California »t. room 1.
$7iO— MECHANICS' Hotel, near the city, bar-
galn; other business cause of sale. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market at
j7OO— OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant with «
furnished rooms; all rented: near car bouse
transfer; rent S2E: going to Cape Nome. Mc-
LAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777H Market at
A— I2CO— PARTNER: old-established and popu-
lar confectionery and Icecream mfg.; whole-
ralc and retail. KREDO & CO.. 22*4 Geary.
A— S2so— PARTNER; moving and storage busl-
ness; $150 monthly. KREDO &. CO.. 22Vj Geary.
RESTAURANT on water front; a snap; see it
COWING & CO.. 718 Market Bt.
A— BAKERY: bakes 2*4 barrels per day; bar-
galn. COWING & CO.. 71» Market Bt.
$150— PARTNER wanted; cash business: clears
»1£ per week each; no night or Sunday work.
COSMOPOLITAN AGENCY. 26 Geary t.WBS,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
QUICK sales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy. sell or exchange any
property or business, we are able to please
you In every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEGLADDERY. 759 Market Bt. -
FOR sale — An established manufacturing busi-
ness for the reproduction or restoration of
hair: rights and patents all clear; doing an
Al business and receiving orders from every
direction. BROCKLEHURST & MEGLAD-
DERY. 759 Market st.
SALOON doing good business; eood location;
owner leaving town; price $250; call immedi-
ately. BHOCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY.
759 Market »t.
A BARGAIN — Centrally located ealoon: must
tx> sold Immediately: good lease. Apply to
J. E. SLINKEY & CO.. 1 Fifth, cor. Market.
PARTNER wanted for one of the best beer
paloons; near Market Bt. Particulars from
J. E. SLINKEY & CO., Market and Fifth.
»2000— FINE livery and feed stable: everything
complete; clears $200 per. month: 6lckness
cause of sale. JONES & CO.. 865 Market st.
CAPITAL wanted for a water proposition In
Kern Ccunty; It beats gold, silver or oil
and will pay 20 per cent or more on capital
necessary to Install the plant For par-
ticulars address box 3323. Call offlce.
BAKERY, school eupplles. candies, notions and
cigars: good fixtures; fine trade; living rooms.
Box 3407. Call offlce.
PHOTOgallery for sale; will pay for itself in
four months. Call at Pacific Photo Journal,
91C Market st.
FOR sale— s2So; best small restaurant In city;
clears $S5 month. Inquire 639 Howard; French
lcundry-
PARTNER wanted; cash J100; great invention
to cook with; 7c a day fuel. Box 3324. Call.
STATIONERY, notion and cigar store; fine lo-
cation; near 3 large schools. 200 Hayes st.
FOR sale— Branch bakery, notion and candy
store. 213H Fourteenth St., San Francisco.
GOOD paying butcher bualne«s for sale; deslr-
able location. Address box 3099. Call offlce.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; party
going North. 3095 Sixteenth Et
BAKERY Ftore, 1103 Howard st; 4 rooms, with
large oven and tools to- let low.
$JT.O — For sole; groceries and bar and lodglng-
house. 129 Perry st.
$3000 — PARTNER in manufacturing business;
young, active man. Box 3032. Call offlce.
FOR sale at Los Angeles— A well established
paloon and restaurant; size 30x140; centrally
located; doing a good business; elegantly fit-
ted up at a cost of $12,'XK); will be sold for
$6000; has long lease and cheap rent; party
must leave for different climate under doctor"*
orders. Address G. PETERSON. 118 South
Spring st. Los Angeles, Cal.
ROOMING house of 6 rooms furnished in new
oak furniture: rent $27 50; house full of month-
ly roomers: four rooms pay $6 over the rent;
located between Hyde and Leavenworth, three
blocks from Market: price $275; no agents.
Address box 3CfcB. Call offlce.
FOR sale cheap — Complete brickmaklng plant;
gasoline engine; Quaker machine; capacity
Jj.OOO: located on Donahue road; convenient
for shipping. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
CO.. Hilton. Sonoma County, Cal.
COAL yard for rent; fine location and does good
business; entirely covered; 3 stalls: also fine
place for milk depot. Inquire of WILLIAM
HENDRICKSON & CO.. room 614. Call bldg.
BARGAIN — Hay. grain, wood and coal busi-
ness; established 20 years; must sell; will ex-
change for city property: assume mortgage or
pay difference in cash. Box 3070, Call.
$SOO— CORNER grocery; no bar; new, clean
stock. Inquire at 1126 Larkln Bt, corner
Bush: no agents wanted.
ALL kinds store, saloon, butcher and millin-
ery fixtures, counters and shelving for sale
cheap. 303 Fourth st.
FROM J5OO to $1500 to invest In come business.;
rartnerfhlp no objection. Address box 2743,
Call office. Oakland.
$I*o0 — FOR sale; one of the best located res-
taurants in city: owner has two places: a
fortune to the right party. Address box 3017,
Call office.
$3000 — FOR sale, a fine corner drug store; owner
has two places; place is making big money.
Address box 301 S. Call office.
PARTNER wanted to Invest a small amount
of money in Cape Nome property that is
known to be good. Box 3143. Call offlce.
OLD established grocery and bar doing good
liuslness. Railroad Brewery, Valencia st, nr.
Sixteenth.
$250— COMPLETE chicken ranch: bargain.
ISAACS Poultry Ranch, Upper Fruitvale.
$125 BUYS horse, wagon and harness: in good
working order. 903 Point Lobes aye.
FHOE shop for Bale; old established stand; on
account of leaving city. 606 Eddy Bt.
BUTTER, eggs and delicacies; good stand;
paying business. 115 Sixth St.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; in the country.
Box 2746, Call office. Oakland.
$50<>— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store
for sale Box 3035. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. 712 Valencia st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento at
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia, st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery and laundry: 3-can milk wagon;
2-seated spring wagon; 1 heavy and 2 light
delivery wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
BREWERY wagon, second-hand, for sale
cheap. 316 McAllister st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost, 100 sets harness, 200
wagons. 1140 Fol^om st. near Eighth.
CAPE NO3IE.
PARTIES going to Cape Nome see WORK-
MAN. GARRARD & McKNEW Canning Co..
and save money on canned goods. 1208 Fifth
aye.. South San Francisco.
CAPE NOME rocker; cheapest, lightest and
best; no nails; no screws; won't break. 1911 Vi
Mission ct.
PARTNER wanted to invest a small amount of
money in Cape Nome property known to be
good. Address box 3143. Coll office.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
W HEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINQ'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 553-317 Tehama st; tel. a 40.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet Beating and Keno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. (T S7
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'B California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4L3 Ftevenson st ; tel. South iVi; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at;
tel. Main £94. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
~SPIHITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World'a Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affection*. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence 1* kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 10(1
Seventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station. 7d station from
Broadway.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: cures diseases by sympathy:
never falls: has the seven seals, the greatest
Egyptian secret of the world: shows picture
of future husband or wife: gives lucky num-
bers; advice in all speculation, love and legal
affairs; any one consulting the madame will
be convinced that she 1b no sham; tips on
races; prices 25c and up; come and you will
be surprised; gives satisfaction to every one.
1167 Market Bt, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton, la located at 43
Sixth St.; spiritual labor readings dally from
9 a m. to 7 p. m. '
HRS. ROBINSON, 1645 Market, opp. 10th; sit-
tings dally; circles Monday and Friday eves.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket bet 10th and 11th; clr. Mon., 8 p. m.; 25c.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. i
p. m. 14 McAllister at. r. 35; admission 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night CO5 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
I SPIRITUALISM.
BRODTKORB will give readings to-day for
25c and circle at S. 116 Sixth st. - ' : ¦
MP.S. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Frl. eve; 10c;
readings, L. 25c; G., 60c. 1204 Flllmore Bt.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: sit. daily; consult, free;
meeting to-night: all invited. 148 6th. rm. 1.
MRS C J. MEYER, 335 McAllister: spiritual
readings dally; teat clr. to-night, Thurs. at 1.
MRS. J. I. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced she reveals every hidden mys-
stery; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies: remove family troubles; restore
lost affections; unite the separated; recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while In a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 203 Turk st. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. in. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spaniah
fortune teller: gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton at. near Larktn.
MADAM SYLVESTER. the celebrated scientific
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fee, ladles,
60c; cents. $1; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 313 Eddy st.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
seek to know answered, without questions;
satisfaction; readings 50c and $1. 126 O'Farrell.
MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium; re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt., r. 15.
MRS. SHELDON reads life fluently; business
advice. 850 Market Bt, second floor, room S7.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant ,&nd water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op.Alint.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st., original gypsy
life reader; last week; readings 25c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 23c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: buslneaa
advice, names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth at.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. !114 OTarreU st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
lesa successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEW cottage: 6 rooms and bath: basement;
stable and large yard; furnished or unfur-
nlshed; $15 to $25. 490 Nineteenth aye.
! SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement,
I yard: stable If required. 1576 Fifteenth st.
SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms; rent $12. 2718 Bryant
aye.. near Twenty-fifth st.
_______
A— DR. T. R. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st, over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllnga
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored platee. ¦ thinner
and Etronjrer than rubber, warranted for 20
years; miincs. 60c; crowns. $3 50: all work
painless' and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 "Sixth at. '
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platee our specialty; gold crowns,
13 60 up: plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
flce hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hla won-
derful eecret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
Fllver. 50c; painless extraction, 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new: teeth from $8
per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ^
ten guarantee for 6 years; platee. $3: crowns.
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
MEYER. Deutscner Siahnarzt. 6 Turk: painless
ext, crowns, brldgework; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st; crown-
bridge work; ext. painless: full set teeth $7.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenlnes 'and FSnndavs. KSO Mar Vet
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dcg Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dnes hoarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
PLAIN skirts made. $1 50; binding on skirts,
35c. 710 Franklin st., near Golden Gate aye.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
j French tailoring system taught 411 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 10J Post
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st: dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ine. plnkine. 121 Post, over O'Connor *Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business" College, 24 Post si". S~. F —
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, ' telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
A HIGH GRADE SCHOOL; COMMERCIAL.
.;.. WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVERSITY....
Arranged in departments: pay only for what
you get. Call or address 819 Market at. !
BOOKKEEPING as it is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TAR It,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
thlß year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNJSSR COLLEGE. 1236 Market Rt.
AYRES'. leading business college, 723 Market;
Individual instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand. typing; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. ; eat. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT.3O2 Montgmy.
FRRNCll.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of lanirufiee*.32fl Post;estah'd 1871: ablest prof*.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission: violin, guitar.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 237 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:
thorough Instruction. Studio. 40S fleary. r.-47.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rt 11, bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over flr» years.
421 Post St.: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nege. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Peyt help. 414U O'Fwn-eil st. : ¦ t>l.--Ka»t 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — -FEMALK.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation; country preferred; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt. -¦ '- ¦¦¦
FIRST-CLASS laundress de3lres situation; best
city references; city or country: also Swedish
cook; best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
YOUNG lady, aged 21 years, high school grad-
uate, wishes position as copyist, cashier or
collector, or In physician's or lawyer* office.
Address L. G., 703 Guerrero Bt
HOUSEKEEPER or care sick; refined, reliable
person, kind and willing; city or country.
1028 Treat aye., between Twenty-third, and
Twenty-fourth sts., near Folaom.
WANTED— To teach pupils piano; competent;
10 years' experience; $1 50 month; special at-
tention to adults and beginners; home morn-
lngs only. 689. 0'Farrell at. '
YOUNG lady with high school credentials
wishes position as covemeas •. to : teach ': Eng-
llah branches, art and music; city or country;
references. Box 5047, Call. - ~.
GERMAN girl, speaking German,- French and
English, wishes a position •to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union «t
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FE»IAL_.
YOUNG woman for general housework and
plain cooking; good reference. 113 Wlldey st.
between Bush and Pine.
AN experienced designer, dressmaker and ex-
quisite fitter, desires work by the day In
families. Address Modiste, box 3095. Call.
NORWEGIAN girl wants situation; general
housework. 62 Erie st -
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $160 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 V_-
lencla st. ¦
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
BARBEP. wants Job; city or country; under-
Btands his business. Box 3403, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED butter-maker wishes position:
creamery; city. Address box 3033. Call offlce.
LAUNDRYMAN. competent, reliable polisher,
wishes good position. Box 3401. Call offlce.
DRAUGHTING; by young ' man, . some experi-
ence: familiar with mining machinery; pay
nominal. Address box 3500. Call offlce.
MAN wishes position as Janitor or coachman
for a Protestant private place: also handy
around the house and garden; good hand with
horses and very handy with tools; has good
reference; Is steady, honest. Industrious and
willing. WILLIAM WILLIAMS. 904V4 Mis-
Bion Bt. . ¦- :'•¦.->:
GENTLEMAN, 28, exceptional ability and ref-
erences, lots of energy, plenty nerve and per-
serverance, large advertising and general
business experience, original ideaa, thorough
knowledge of German, Russian and partly
French, desires paying position. Box 3013,
Call offlce.
COACHMAN,. English; steady. Industrious
man; well recommended; wants situation*
city or country. Box 3405, Call offlce.
WANTED— By a young man, position In pri-
vate family; willing to work for board and
room: must be allowed time to attend school.
Box 3408, Call offlce. : /.-.''V-
BARBER, with 1 year's experience, wishes
steady work; no objection to country. Ad-
dress box 3406, Call office. --¦' '.
A MIDDLE-AGED carpenter of experience, can
repair furniture, varnish and paint, wishes a
position in the country; small wages expect-
ed. Box 3320. Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 24. seeks situation; can look
after horse If necessary. GEORGE CLARKE.
765 Harrison at
COACHMAN— Understands his business thor-
oughly; Is capable of taking charge and care
of gentleman's residence; Al references, Ad-
dress C. S.. 1022 Jackaon at '
FIRST-CLASS French cook; hotel or coffee
house. Address box 3049, Call.
GARDENER, middle-aged man. wants situa-
tion on private place; good references. E.
GARDENER. P. O. box 382, San Rafael. Ma-
rln County, CaL ~-^,;v
YOUNG man desirous of studying law wishes
position; good bookkeeper. Address box 3069,
competent and responsible. Box 3058, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenda st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071H Market Bt.: examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
EXCHANGE.
TO exchange—A stock ranch of 320 acres In
Nevada for a small improved farm near city.
Address J. C. SNYDER. 12% Hill st.
DESCRIPTIONS of small Improved ranches
near city that are for sale or exchange. J.
C. SNYDER. 12V4 Hill «t.
TO exchange — Horse and buggy and harness for
upright piano. Box 3081. Call offlce. ¦¦'•¦¦-.:¦.;.•¦¦¦.
FLATS TO LET.
A-NW. COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat in
clly for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
BROADWAY, bet. Jones and Leavenworth— 2
flats; lot pays 8% per cent. 1728 Hyde, near
Broadway.
FLAT, furnished, 4 rooms; $20. 676 Sutter at.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; $20. 365 Hayes st.
2626 CALIFORNIA— Sunny flat: 4 rooms and'
bath; rent $13: also 6-room cottage; rent $13.
Apply 2524 California st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NICE sunny modern flat; 6 rooms and bath.
971 Golden Gate aye. ; rent $25. . ¦--: -yj.y
SUNNY 5-room lower flat; Warm Belt 916
Capp Bt, near Twenty-fourth.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3727— Pleasant upper flat. 5
rooms and bath: rent cheap, $13.
WANT good tenants for new flata; Just finished;
4 rooms; gas, grates, electric lights, porcelain
bath. 1421 Green st., near Van Ness aye., or
SPECK & CO.
$12 — FLAT of 4 large sunny rooms, bath and
gas. 3928 Nineteenth st, bet. Noe and San-
chez; water free.
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third aye., corner Clement;
take Sutro car.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ~~
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11.T1 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market Bt.; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, paya
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry * Co.) buy»
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3363.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C.""lt HANSEN & C 0..!.. ..Phone Grant ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses, Fresno, $25; waitress, Sacra-
mento, $25. free fare; Fresno, $20, free fare; 2
' Madera, $20. free fare; 2 (arm work) Kes-
wlck, $20, free fare; Healdsburg, $20; Lathrop,
$20, and city. $20: 4 restaurant waitresses, $6;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid to
wait, country, $20 woman cook, $40, see party
he-re; pastry cook, $40; institution cook, $40;
pantry woman, $25, country. Bee party here,
9 a. in.
FAMILY ORDERS
Houseglrl, city, $30; cook and second girl,
$40, see party here; colored girl, $15, sleep
home; 5 German houseglrls, city, $23; house-
girl on ranch, $20; 3 houseglrls across the bay,
$20 and $25, and others too numerous to men-
tion. C. H. HA NSKN' & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Lady clerk for our office; must be
intelligent, bright and thorough business
'capacity: not over 30 years of age and single;
must have lived In S. : F. long enough to know
something about it; one acquainted with some
language as well as English preferred. J. F.
CROSETT, 316 Sutter at.
WANTED — 4 waitresses for nice private hotel,
to go to work the 15th, in city, $20; cook, coun-
try, $35; 3 cooks, $30; lroner, country laundry,
$25; girls for houseVork for Alameda, $25;
Stockton, $25; Mountain View, $25; Institution
cook, $30, see lady at 11 o'clock; pantry girl,
$20; second girl, $25, see party at 11 a.' m. ;
nurseglrl. $20; 5 restaurant .waitresses, $6, $7;
2 hotel oooks, $30. nice places; girls for all
kinds of places, wages at $20, $26, $30; city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter ot. . ' .
COOK and second girl, same house, $35 and $25;
2 cooks, *35 and $30; 6 second girls. $25 each; 2
nurse girls, $25 and $20; housekeeper, $25:
house girl, Oakland, 1 in family, $25; second
girl/Berkeley, $25; cook, country, $30; 50
. housework girls, $25 and $30. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter Bt. '
WANTED— 2 tailoresses and ¦ 2 apprentices or
girls to assist in tailoring; paid while learn-
ing. 238 Ellis at.
GIRL for cooking and general housework. 2023
Sacramento St.; call between 8 and 12.
WANTED— Finisher and apprentice on vests.
B<£ .Antonio, -off Jones, bet Ellis and O'Far-
rell. ¦ ¦ - ¦ . . •¦- -.
EXPERIENCED respectable girl for general
housework; good wages. Apply 1627 Oak st
A STENOGRAPHER and type-writer; .must
be up-to-date and .reliable; at once. Box
3076. Call offlce. : ..¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦.
SALESLADIES for department store; also In
millinery department. Box 3077, Call offlce.
GIRL for general housework: German cooking;
$20; between 8 and 1 o'clock. 1605 Laguna st
COOK and assist housework; good. wages. 2307
Broadway, near Flllmore. ' . .
YOUNG girl for general housework; small fam-
ily; $15; after 10. o'clock. 15 Fair Oaks st
GIRL for downstairs work ¦ and -cooking. Call
2425 Flllmore Bt. between 9 and 12 o'clock. ¦
YOUNG girls to help on skirts. Call for three
daya, 868 Mission st . room 6. ' -¦¦-;•
WANTED— A ' woman for general housework.
1026 Market at.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED hand ironers; also ' several
young glrU to box shirts. Standard Shirt
Factory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work. Call 1231 Guerrero st
WANTED— A good sklrtmaker and finisher;
good pay for the right lady. 2107 Flllmore st.
GERMAN or French second girl; 2 In family:
wages $15. Apply bet. 7 and 8 p. m., 2441
Jackson st.
NEAT girl to assist in housework. Apply 8258
Golden Gate aye.
GOOD alteration hands on suits and Jackets at
E. MESSAOER. 145 Post st __^
FINISHERS on custom coats: make button-
holes; good wages. 140 Russ st.
WANTED— A first-class hairdresser at COS-
GROVE'S. 1416 Polk Bt.
WOMAN cook for small hotel; Swedish or
German. 3377 Twenty-sixth at.
A YOUNG woman for cooking and housework;
small family; references. Apply 1241 Leaven-
worth st. . : :
WANTED— A girl to wait at table. (21 Post Bt.
APPRENTICES on pants; paid while learning.
110 William st. oft Geary, near Taylor.
TWO first-class finishers on custom-made coats;
good wages. J. C. COHN & CO.. 775 Market.
GIRL wanted for boarding-house. 11 Clay st
GOOD dressmakers wanted. 735 Ellis st
GIRL for general housework and cooking; must
be good cook; wages $25. 516 Sutter Et.
GOVERNESS; requirements French. German
and music. 516 Sutter st. ¦¦¦¦...¦ ¦ ¦
APPRENTICES, bright young girls, to learn
ladles' tailoring; paid while learning. 616
Sutter at.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
plain cooking: 3 In family; German or Scan-
dinavian preferred. SO5 Van Ness aye.
WOMAN for light housework in small family
and tend Invalid lady; $15. 1045 Mission st.
SIX talloresses on custom coats. Room 28.
Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
COOK for private boarding-house. MRS.
BOYLE, cor. Park aye. and Hollis at., Oak-
land.
FINISHERS and operators on custom pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
LADY canvassers wanted for soap factory.
Apply at residence 1411 Harrison at
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work.
304 Tehama st. -.¦
YOUNG girl to help around the house; sleep
at home. 600 Clayton st
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist In light
housework; country. '2005 Pine st t~--.v
GIRLS WANTED
To work on ablrta; beginners taught LEVI
STRAUSS ft CO.. 36H Fremont st; elevator.
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market at.
GIRL wanted for general housework and plain
cooking; $15. 42 Stanley st. bet First and
Second.
FINISHER on custom-made coats. Apply 538
Natoma st.
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade: only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslng taught in 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
APPRENTICE girl on coats; will pay right on
the start. 119 Rubs at
FEW younjr ladles to Join night school: low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
HAND sewers on overalls. Standard Shirt
Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted for bindery.
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2210 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and aubscrlptlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.: open till 9 p. m. ._
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertlaementa and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^ MURRAY & "rBADyT."? TTTTplione Main 684S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day, 7 a. m.,
16 miners, single and double, also machine,
$90 and $75 per month; also drillers, $60.. «
12 laborers for a sawmill company.. s3o and fd.
6 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb
$17 50 and found
6 men or strong boys for hop field $30
47 farm, orchard, vineyard hands
$26, $25, $20 and found
13 choremen and boys. .s2s, $20, $15, $10 and fd.
39 milkers and buttermakers. $30, $25 and fd.
49 scraper teamsters, city and country
$27 and found
12 teamsters, city Jobs..sl 75 day and $26 & fd.
- 6 coal buckers. country job $67 50
23 laborers, different city Jobs. .s3o. $26 and fd.
365 woodchoppers, tiemakers, big prices
9 blacksmiths' helpers. .s2 60 day, $30 and fd.
Band sawyer, $4 day; carriage trimmer, $3
day; woodworkers, wagonmakers, carriage-
makers; 4 tailors, different country Jobs; sta-
bleman, private family, -country. $25 and fd.
Stableman for large winery company. $25 & fd.
Blacksmith, sawmill company $45 and fd.
Blacksmith, country Bhop $40 and fd.
10 pick and shovel laborers for the mines
$34 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— LOOK HERE. For $1 50 each
No other expenses; we will pass you and 50
men as laborers (no experience required):
you'll suit for new work; wages $26 per month
and found: steady Job. -
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt
WE pay your fare and ship you to-day
25 laborers, no exDerience required, for the
sawmills and woods; any willing nfan can do
this work: wages from $26 and found up.
- MURRAY &. READY. 434-636 Clay st
FOR hotels, restaurants, etc
38 cooks, city and country, from $30 to $60 and
found; ranch cooks, $10, $15, $25 and $30 and
found: laundrymen, Ironers, etc.. bakers and
helpers, waiters, hotels, restaurants, cafe,
etc., $25 and $30 and found: night clerk and
porter, $15 and found; .barber, country shop:
boy for bakery wagon, etc. • MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Pay at.
AT C. R- HANSEN & CO/5....104 GEARY ST
Wanted— For railroad work, free fare, 100
teamsters, laborers and rockmen, $1 75 and
$2 a day: 20 laborers on concrete work, com-
pany work,- $1 75 a day; 10 men for fence
building, $2 a day, free fare
20 miners and machine men for mine, $2 60
and $3 day; farmer and wife, $35: man and
wife, private place, $30; 10 farmers, near
city, $25 and $26 1? .•
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook for hotel In Hawaiian Islands,
$S0 and ' fare, see party here : broiler, $65 ; fry
cook, $50; second cook, country hotel. $40;
second cook, mine boarding-house, $40; oys-
terman, $45; 10 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, city and country, $20 and $25; marker
and distributor, country, '. $30 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at
WOODSMAN and wife, $50: 2 farmers and
wives. $40 and $50; milker and wife. $45; man
and wife, private family, $35; 10 milkers, $25,
$28 and $30: laundryman and wife, $80: washer
for laundry. $50; 2 laundrymen. $40 and found;
i shingle sawyer by contract see boas In city:
S slackwork carpenters, $30 and found: 3
carpenters, $3 to $3 50 per day: 4 single-hand
miners, $2 50 and $2 70 day: S machine miners.
$3 day; blacksmith and wood worker, $40 and
board; sheep herder, $25; farmers; laborers for
mill and woods and quarries: woodchoppers
and others. J. F. CROSETT'S AGENCY, 628
Sacramento st
WANTED— Baker and second cook, nice coffee
house. $12 week; first-class broiler, $55; sec-
ond . hand baker, $55; third-hand, $45; first
cook, $12, $10; lunch cook, saloon, no Sunday
work. $8 week; waiters, $85. $30, $25; dish-
washers, $25, $20: sllverman, $20; lunch
waiter: other hotel and restaurant help. J.
F. CROSETT'S AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man and wife for country place:
man mu^t be a good woodsman: no work for
wife: salary $50 and found. J. F. CROSETT,
628 Sacramento at.
EXPERIENCED clothing cutter on stock suits
and pants. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts. . _,
WANTED— First-class engraver on Jewelry;
no others need apply; steady position for
right man. Address box 3402, Call offlce. ,
BOY over 18 years to work around drugstore.
144, Fourth at ¦ ,¦, ¦ . -
WANTED— Offlce boy; 12 years old. 109 Cali-
fornia st, • room 21.1
COATMAKERS for the country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— A good barber. Apply 1724 Market
. street
SOLICITOR • for merchant tailor; experience
; ; not >' necessary. ¦ 1215 Market st
WANTED — Tailor; also pressman on coats.
135 Natoma St., near New Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS cutter. S. N. WOOD t CO. ,
AN errand boy for tailor shop. 110 William st 1 ,
| off Geary, between Taylor and Jones.
WANTED— Steady, sober man for light. work;
8- hours per day; will pay $16 per week to
right » party; small capital ' required. Apply
1016 Market Bt, room 10.
GOOD all-round man on , repairing. 23 Ninth
'- ¦ street » - ¦;.. -\, ¦• v
HELP WANTED— MALE.
r_EN: "musTbe'bright and~rellabl«: salary $40.
927 Market Bt.. room 202.
BOY; must be strong; $4 per week. 927 Market
at. room 203.-
SMALL boy wanted to go errands. 119 R_ »t.
2 FIRST-CLASS barbers for city; wages $15 up.
Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh »t.
WANTED— Barber who can also assist In tend-
ing bar. Call at once at 1551 Broadway,
Oakland.
TAILOR and presser at Oakland Clothing Ren-
ovatory, 428 Ninth st. Oakland: steady work.
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairing and second-
hand work. 734 Howard st.
BOY to run errands and help In bakery. 1410
Polk at.
BEST located-- barber shop in city; your own
price. W. J. P.. 22 Langton Bt.
COATMAKERS wanted. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
BOYB wanted: between 13 and 21 years of age.
Apply at 607 Market Bt
ALL sizes men'^ shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission at., bet Ist and 2d sta.
WANTED— RecruIU for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not leas than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
•nd Bpeak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 48 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.. or
M 0 X at. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quire* six to eight weeks; day and evening
class: special Inducements this aeason; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. «35
Clay st.
SALESMAN for hardware In San Francisco
and surrounding towns; permanent position
to energetic party; experience not necessary.
Address with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co.. 16 Wick block. Cleveland. Ohio.
WANTED— Competent liauor and grocery clerk,
capable of managing the business: references
and bonds required; applicants etate national-
ity, age and sketch of past life. Address P.
O. box 234. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— IO men. $2 50 per day and found:
must deposit $250 as guarantee to remain 6
months; good security. 9-11 a. m., 8-8 p. m.,
2619^ Harrison st
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: only 2
months required; first-class Instruction. For
particulars address Gordon Barber College. 417
N. Main st.. Los Angeles, Cal.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BOY. 14 to 16; make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st., room 35.
CASHBOY wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD A CO..
718 Market at ¦
MEN and women to learn barber, halrdresslng
and manicuring trade; catalogue mailed. S.
F. BARBER BCHOOL. 741 A Howard at
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third at. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Houae proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third at: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
rummer at HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart at
LIN DELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night 75c to $3 per week.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Marker,
327 Sixth at; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— To buy 6 good auddle horses at
once. Bring horses to Riding Academy, 615
Ellis Bt.
A FRESH carload of horses, all solid colors.
Just from the Canty ranch. 185 Valencia st;
also a carload of broodmares, with foal.
to HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1631
and 1625 Market at. bet Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet Dentist. 605 G. G. it.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltxef s
Horse Market. Twelfth »nd Market sts.
HOUSES LODGING— FOR SALE.
A— 44- ROOM ccrner: electric elevator $3900
30 rooms; restaurant and bar; In Stockton 750
30-roorn corner; 2 entrances; half cash 2300
S-room flat; new; elegant 630
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call office.... (50
27 rooms; on Howard st. ; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market st. ; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason st ; payments 450
30 rooms; on Kearny et. ; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on Market st: payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at. opp. Fifth.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 102« Market st
Telephone Mint 1596
18 rooms; rent $50: part cash; central $900
23 rooms; near Market at; payments 750
26 rooms; rent 60; must sell; see It 600
46 rooms; north of Market st. ; reduced to. 2150
55 rooms; $800 cash, balance time 1750 j
WE guarantee full value for your money: we i
have houses to suit you: many bargains:
money loaned buyers. SCHWEINHARD A
CO., 917 Market st, opposite Mason.
WE guarantee full value for your money: we
have houses to suit you: many bargains;
money loaned buyers. SCHWEINHARD &
CO., 917 Market Bt., opposite Mason.
M.~GRIFFIN~n!~MTrket St. sells lodging
houses, businesses, city, country real estate.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy st; new cash buyer dally.
A — WANTED — Good tenants for new houses;
95 and 100 rooms. At SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt
ELEGANTLY furnished house, 9 rooms, bath,
laundry: nice yard: permanent roomers;
profitable Investment: 4 blocks from Market;
new and clean. ' 437 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— To rent boarding-house: centrally
located; not less than 12 boarder*; not lem
than 10 rooms. Box 3325, Call office.
8- ROOM house; nicely furnished; always filled;
rent $16; cntl.*. reas.; no agts. Box 5097. Call.
FOLSOM. 1223 — 10 nice furnished rooms: laun-
dry and bath; rooms all rented; reasonable.
CHANCE— II-room house; 2 baths; 3 patent
closets: lot 20x68:2: rent $30. Apply bakery.
Broadway and Leavenworth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pastes. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; house* to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN' & CO.. 14 Montgomery,
AT 28 Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth —
Sunny 6-room house; laundry, yard, cellar;
water free; perfect repair; $13; Investigate.
A HOUSE; 5 rooms; In rear; rent very reason-
able. Apsly 563 Ellis at
HANDSOME house, 8 rooms; Just renovated.
1911 Buchanan st, bet. Bush and Pine.
HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; large yard; rent
$14. 3215 Nineteenth st, near Folsom.
LOCUST aye.. 629. near Laguna and McAllis-
ter— Single house, 4 rooms; basement; rent
$12.
SUNNY 10-room house. 1522 Pacific aye., near
Franklin SPECK & CO.
TO LET — Two-story, sunny house. 9 rooms and
bath. 1209 Jackson at. near Jones.
$30—216 WALLER st.: 9 rooms, bath, basement
and large yard: sunny side: water free.
'¦_¦ HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Centrally and desirably located an
S-room house, elegantly furnished. Including
piano; the furniture Is nearly new and very
fine. Address box 3021. Call office.
MONEY WANTED.
SUNNY, modern, furnished house with 4 or S
bedrooma; north of Market Box 3044. Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
BLACK Cocker Spaniel, answers to name
"Martle," lost near Union Square. April 9.
Reward for return to 2122 Washington st.
LOST— Leather wallet, containing tax papers
and other papers: name Inside. Return to
1303 Stockton st and receive reward.
LOST— Silver-gold purse, with monogram "M.
E.." at Sutter and Larkln: - liberal reward.
Address box 3326. Call office.
LOST— Bag containing opera glasses and holder;
initial B on glaße. Please return to 7 Mont-
gomery st: reward.
LOST— Brlndle-colored collie dog (male). Re-
turn to (11 Clunle building: reward.
LOST— Lady's purse, black; containing three
$100 drafts . and $20 gold piece. If finder
return drafts to MR. TOM COONEY. at
Russ House, no questions asked.
FRIDAY. March 22, about 8 a. m.. prayer book.
"The Little Manual of the Sacred Heart" on
the way to Dominican Church from ccrner
California and Stelner sts. Please return to
2223 California st. and receive reward.
FOUND— Female bird d*b«; at Grave and La-
, guna ets. . 619 Grove Bt
MEDICAL.
DRS GOODWIN, tie well-known ladles* physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5: safe and reliable euro In on*
day; 15 years* successful . practice in S. F.;
maternity home: low fees. 10O7H Market st.
DR G W CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prae-
tlced in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can b« used at
home: consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at IC23^ Market st >
DR NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China. te»
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st. cor-
ner of Keamy: all diseases and aliments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; offlce house, ID a. m. to 12 m..
2 to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles* specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at offlce. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable ipeciallst; horn*
In confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $3; any ailment: consultation free. 943
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln. •.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. ICCS Market, ladles' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at offlce. $3: safs
ar.d reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. $3.
DR. "WISE, the ladles' specialist 111S Market
st: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist: home or offlce treatment P.
DR. and MR3. M. WEGENER— PrIvat* horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate are.
DR. WONG HIM. fferb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CONANTfI Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies _• blood; destroys disease germs; pro-
tects: cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills: outfits for sale: agents wanted: send tor
hnoVlet. AVTDROSTS. 47 Post «t . 3 ~ ¦ Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
r m -i_rury^ •_nj-^-,j-ij--J->nj--i-u-^ij-i-r-r^iJ-iJ-u- j-.i-ir-.i-ij- .r j- n- i- ------
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »t
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, stor« and of-
flce furniture and fixtures: new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
at. above Sixth.
FOR sale— A furniture and piano moving busi-
ness, all complete: wagon and team and
everything pertaining to the business. Call
at 9 Eighth st, between 10 a. m. and 6 p. m.
A BEAUTIFUL concert grand pearl Inlaid gui-
tar for $19: worth In any musio store $40.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale— 2o-horsepower horizontal slide Talve
engine. Inquire Russ House.
SILK waist or skirt for 230 by selling a
coupons. Room 114. 997 Market st
SURVEYOR'S transit; cheaa. Addres* box
3096, Call.
CASH registers, second-hand, bought and sold;
National and Hallwood. 1300 Mission Bt.
FOR sale — A fine downtown route on The Call;
business section. Apply forenoon and evea-
lng. 1121 Filbert st. "
RUNT pigeons— Runt crosses for squab breed-
ing; laying White Leghorn hens. Addresa
box 2747. Call offlce. Oakland.
A— BUYS. Bells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear at
FULL dres«. Tuxedo, other suits. Portland Loan
Offlce, _ Stockton; phone Black 1201; postal.
BARGAINS la potatoes at E24 Second st: teU
Main 1349.
FOR sale— Steerage ticket on first boat to
Nome. Apply RICHARD UHTE. 425 San-
some st.
A— s3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. $30 Kearny at. nr. Plna.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 lA. BACIGALUPL
933 Market at.. San Francisco.
HIGH-ARM Singer aewlng machine; good eon-
dltlon; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
FOR sale— Drawing board. 56x43: printing
frame with glass. SSx42. 133 Douglass st.
A FINE suit $10; dress pants $2 75. Misfit
Clothing Parlorn. 437 Montgomery st
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand siusasra ma-
chinery. Mclntosh & Walpman. IDS Fremont
FORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beal#.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
S H. P. STEAM hoist and boiler In perfect
order; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission at.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st
AUTOMATIC aewlng machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments; cheap. 145 Sixth st
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale an.l flra and burg-
lar proof safe. 215 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main at
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sixes. TH3
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: B locomotives. 250 Fremont
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Coyote akins and other furs; prices
have advanced; ship to us at once if you
want highest market prices. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. dealers In hides and furs.
S3 Clay Bt. San Francisco. CaL
WANTED— OId fast-flying pigeons; no squab-i.
For. terms and shipping directions apply to
San Francisco Trap Shooting Association, 228
Market st. room 6.
TO buy a Weston portable volmeter and am-
meter and other measuring instruments. ! Ad-
dress, stating prices. N. W., 104 Hoffman aye.
WANTED— A second-hand piano: must b« a
bargain. Apply* C 63 Mission st.
HYDRAULIC pipe wanted. 8 to 12-tach: giv»
alze. amount, location and price. Address
box 3046. Call offlce.
FULL dress. Tuxedo and other suits. Portland
Loan Office, 25 Stockton st; phone Black
1201; postal. j,-
W ANTED — Secend-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WITITEHKAD. 1710 Market wt.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; < per cent; first,
second mortgages,- estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. P..
OLSEN. room 18. first floor. Chronicle bld,j.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84* MarkaC
at. : tel. Main 1544. Branch 19 Third st
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rat£B. BECKER * CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE^tHAL. 18 SUta;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bKlg.. 130 Powell at
AT 128 Kearny at. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal -.quick,
service; money direct: lowest Interest Rooms
88 and 89. Donohue building. 1170 Market st
LOANS made on furniture at 1% per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HAR3HBARGER.
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
PP.IVATE party, on furniture and pianos; J%;
no removal: no commission. 8 Eddy at. r. 8L
ANY amount at 2, per cent on furniture and
other collateral. D McRAE. 743 Mission at
JkIONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 CalK*.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 3SS Parrott build-
ing— M«a can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
150 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
On furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. C3O Market »t.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser:
other propositions: private rooms. San Fraa-
rlscn Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
— USICAL INSTRUMEXTS.
WE know that we give the best goods foTtna
least money; call on us and see our Decker
Markers ° r Boothe P iaao »- MAUVAIS, 763
WE have Just what you want in the way of a
769 Market e st and ttrma t0 " uIL MAUVAIS.
BUY one of our beautiful Olympla self-playin?
music boxes on installments If you cant spar*
the cash. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
FI KIfpTOr l ! r i?, ll v ela '? lr upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE S. 1019 \an Ness avc.. nr. Geary sr_
FINE large upright piano sold for storage- $100
cash. WILSON' S STORAGE. 1710 Market at
A— PIANO from $45 up to $200: no higher: t_y
terms. S. F. Music Co.. 225 Butter it.
10HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
<Ecccecsors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBR3.
- tO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South M.
"The Peace Conference," a .
remarkable poem by Madge
Morris! Illustrated with a full
page drawing by Methfessel. '
This will be one of the most . ¦
artistic pages ever published
and' a revelation in what can '
be done by the most up-to- .
date halftone processes and
presswork. We challenge
comparison! Get the Easter .
edition of The Call — out next
Sunday — or you will miss
something really great. ;
MCSICAL IXSTRC3IEXTS.
AXJSOLU^TEILT^thT^oTaeet «nd iar^eiT"hou»e
vett cf Chicago is KOHLER ft CHASE'S.
K. £S and -3 Or arrell st. ; planes, organs and
_il ether icueJc_.l Instruments of ail crad-s
r.c<! prices: tersr.s ea«y; prices lowest: every-
-.hinc jcsiitle Ccae u» please and satisfy the
customer.
i;N AUp pianos: new scale; rew styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. .0 Q Farrell st.
A LIST OF MONKY FAVERS.
Parrjiles from factory which ar* out cf our
rejruiar line: eurh makes us Weber. Hardman.
< .-r.o\>r. Behr. Everett and Kir.*sbury; prices
r-ra SJjO to J2OO less than reje-jiar price. Also
* Fliphcly used piancs frcrn $IJ7 up; easy pay-
ments. Fee us this week if you want a snap.
BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ARE yon In need cf a r^ano? We have a larg*
easortrr.ent of new and second-hand pianss of
vhe best makers: scld for cash cr very easy
I«ymfß'.f; JC down and $( per month for aa
«!epant sew upright: ecme good pianos for
S3. $4 and f5 per month. EHERMAN. CLAY
«: CO., Steinway «W.#r*. corner Putter and
Kearny fts.. San Francisco; cora«r Thirteenth
eri'! Brca-3-.ay. Oaklar.d.
A LARGE number cf pianos yet remain of the
Hamilton-Bancroft stock; Ste'nway concert
tTand*. Chlckcrinjr. Hallett & Davis. Elling-
ton, etc.; squares, 525 up; uprights. $50 up:
banjos. SOc up: guitar*. $1 up: mandolins, $2
Kp. Byron iiauiy Piano Warerooms. 30S-312
Pest f=t., sol* agent Schmer and Byron Mauz>
pianos.
A BEAUTIFUL upright piano: must be sold
ircrr.ediE.tely: see it befcre purchasing. Room
21. Flood building.
A BARGAlN— Stcir.way, $125; etcre open Sat.
<verlr.g. H«-ir.e Piano Mfg. Co.. 128 Ellis st.
DON'T buy; rent a new prano, S3 per month.
a SOOTT-CCKTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
V. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Franris Bz.cn enj Hailett «. Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piani; nearly new; cteap.
HORNUN'TS. :¦¦£ llcAKlster rt.
PARGAIN-Gcod upright: cheap. SCHMITZ.
16 McAl".:stcr st.. next Hibernia Bank.
Pi;PKIOOR V.c::nF. sit Her*. c.d and new. 57
*¦! I-7.n». r-skfr. n»ra;-er. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LEX.
GOLDEN GATE
rooms; ?_:tible fcr any business; with stable;
F<xd location; rent reduced.
BTOKE to let— Fifth st.. sear Folsoca. Inquire
ct r: Fifth t,t.
KLEGAXT loeatien; e-j'.tat'.e fcr doctor cr
-ieritist. Audubon. California an -3 KyJe.
FOR rent— Eleg-ast offices UnVT. mT cl IT
r-Jildi-jr. Mason and Ellis gts.
1 STR v -
WATSON, the "crt!y" natural palmist and
ateaiarn: f-ii read'rgs, Zic. USI Market St.
lIME. NeergEard. I'ret. St. Germain Collere of
VT'Mrv: r-pd* 1 -n t. f.'A Orary. nr Zcr.e*.
PFKSO\ V I *•
IIHS. DR. L. BURGCP. Iste matrcn cf Ger-
man KcecitaU N. V., specialist for bladder.
Jf'lney. §k!n diseases aad cancer, office 106 ¦
Fourth st. A testimonial: Wm. Ofterbold. Eia
Mateo Orr-hac Asylum, says: I tad cancer en
rr.y left leg. I was treated ty Mrs. Burger,
SM Fourth «t.. ard certify that I was cured !
1n a *hort tirr.«. Wm. Osterhcld. San Mateo. ;
LKDERER'S Quirtonica hairtor.!e pres-rvesand
beautifW-* the hair; Soc bot.; Foamo Shampoo.
5c pkg. G. LEI'EP.ER. 123 Stouten st. ]
JiJIE. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, im- j
;* t'ney: _U pain, leaves like magic from her |
wonderfully jriftei hands. _?4S Howard st. ]
rr.IVATE detective work: reasonable rates: 13 j
>*£rs' *rj>erier!ce. 3. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st. •
1 -IX. P witches for $2; this at Lederer's; every i
customer receive* a. pkg. of flue El Perffto
r.cjpe frw: kairdresalnc '.he very latest. So.
¦;. LEDERER. itZ Stocktcn St.
CAST-OFF clothinp. cl_ cold and silver bough.;
i• i postal. COLEMAN' S. EO6 Kearsy st.
AN * >ear.t suit for 110 75 from Imported cr do-
n "siic remrtr-U. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st-,
V<;ween Seventh and Eighth.
eTvv-. BELLE — Oufiry. photographic Parts-
ieaae. Kntracce 16th. r.r. Wcshir.gtcn. Oakli.
EI'ITS en easy installments from Imported or
.OL-ealia remnasts. One Price Tailoring Co..
IZ2 Ketrcy et., between Sacramento and Cali-
: err la.
WANTED— OId gold for mar.urg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler, 24£ O'Farrell. bet. ToweH and Mason.
VINE tailoring, iyeing. clear.iniEr and repairing; j
E-Jiu rr.aCe to orier: fit eroar. 2 Eiehth st.
. ]
C D. MORSE, photographer. Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Ste'.ner 3»L I
ETAMLIERIXG ccrrectPd: b-^cklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. rh.r>.. ISIS Linien.Bt.. Oaklacd.
CI'RLFI> Of waved hair can be quickly cb-
talaad by using Talcotfs Curling Fluid; 23
f-rt bottle. ¦
ELECTRIC lights !n every rocrn ; Wmcheeter
Hotel 44 Th'.rJ ft., r.ear MarV?t: ID rooms; j
ISc to Si X per nlutt; HO 'to J6 per Tretk; j
fr*e *tea asq tacssce to and frcm the ferry, j
IF you wish full value for foot cast-off doth- j
ir.r call en B. C-:h»n. IE7 Third: tel. Black 4123. j
LADIES' «ad cents' czf t-<-fl c'.cthinir b^upht ar.d I
r-.',i. fnvprrr.an. f c 4 Fc'.srrr.: tei. Fc!»^m 1191. !
AI.Af KA Cnr carments. hood?, mitts, leather i
fo'v 11. M. HFTNTWAX, VV FanFO'-i> ft.
PUVSICIA.VS AXD M'itGEO.VS.
EH. C. C OTX'NNni.L— Office and residence. \
Z'ZT-i Markrt rt.. t^t. F'.-xth ari Sfver.th.
UEAL ESTATE CITY- — FOR SALE, i
A. ST^iIcirXTo!^7rrT?7r6?7^TATIKET*TTT J
OPPOSITE KEARNY ST.
VWo.Dos— Downtown ccmir; csodern i-story brick '
bclJi:*.: c-cst over J2-JO.OM; lot 140x125 ]
ft.; rents lIZXO> yearly.
| $36,000— Few blocks trcza Chronicle: pays C per
cent net; lot .IxITQ ft.; 2 frontages;
brick :r.::rovennentE.
J~,"<oo— Oorcer; half blcck from Market st.. i
viriirty Hib^rr.ia Bank: 75 ft. front; |
ra.re ln%-r*tment; rents $300.
lO.Soo— N>ar Market and Ist sis.; let ?5xS4 ft.; !
l-ttory brick building; bank mortgage |
12G.0C".'. J
j45.t0P — .NVnr Kearny *t. ; good brick Improve- '.
merits: rect? JSo-'iO annually; 25 ft. front j
s:\C*C— 3>. t E!3xl2a ft.: vicinity McAllister and !
Larkir; Ma ; rents I-lu.
s:i f'^?:»th Ft.; 75 ft. frontage; bay-window
r>uiS.iin^: rent? lirXi.
t72JMQ-?n**Uß ::3«: marine view: 3 n«w fiats
ir..: ¦•— Ntnth st.: 2< ft. front; 2 stores an<i i
TatF; rent* fioy* yearly.
i!'-,'W-N>l. ccr. ff-U and Masonic aye.; lot 2Sx
IM> ft.: f-iesant residen<-e, 10 rooms.
bath; all modern ccni>'niences; space
for a FiaMv; make offer.
j; ffA—6 it>w fals: rents Js4: lot ft
I7.r«fifi — «; fist? near r.th_ar.d MiKion; rents $?69
s y^ar: Sot '-' a.71
J"."<n-IV,woi: rt.; 1 fiat?; TT.tr IT2.
S^u'h I*crJc; jiou^e and lot 2JxI!I7C ft
A "^' Pl>K '-* K fe '''"* t6 ' MARKET eY.
f-VT.IFICE-Ne*- *-room. 2-story housed lot i
:- ixl'/C 1 . with chirkfn-house. etc; suitable;
for f.^.t?: r.":i!Ft be tr-.H; make an offer; $20jQ
cr Ift-f. SUAOBUKNB. C 5 sarramentr> et. ;
IF ycu have Jots in Richmond district, north of
th» Park, that you wish to wii quickly then
can en V.-. J. CCy.V. tZO Callforr.la «t.
IjA".'»: yr-i r * a i rrtate In the Mission cr Hor-
r»r« Adiiti^T! that you wish to dispose of
-¦¦«- . ? -| r-r. %y j CfN'V. r»> Qa!lfrmla >t.
lii:AL I.MATI; COC.VZ'KV— For Satle
FOR tr.'.'—lri li'M VsJley; house of five rooms
nr.'! bath ar.l four raiali rooms in basement; [
fnrnlsbcd cr unfurnished; lot t3x150; garden !
«.r.<i orchard cf 22 1 .' tree*: S rEinutes' walk from
f'-E.t:cr.; $_200. Apply C2S Turk st.
|S:t $2i!'. PER acre for immediate sale; 2t»
acres ier less); near'.y eM in crop: AJarse4a
Co.; m such harcaln ei'er oflered. H- H.
niAN'E. Vt California et.
EPUZSTOD. ferm of 117 acres good land, ad-
j"Jr.rr:s town of Pieasanton. Alameda County:
oan now be purchased at $47 M per acre anl
lnctudlns porticn of prewmg crops. H. H.
'.-RANK. US C»!ifom!a rt.
ETORE and residence pruperty with large lot in
f'Wn: Alarr.efl* Cour.tv; only J2COO; see this
Viirain. H. H. CP.ANE. W* Californal st.
I?"T".U central, Alameda County; larg* lot;
hot«»l ie rormst ar.d bar doing fine business;
cottage. rtaM#. etc: house well furnished:
only hnt«l in to-.n and at R. R_ depot: S3
n;i>« frcm this city: price $5000: easy terms.
H. li. CRANK. :/.<* California et.
A SUftPBXSXafa ffter— Given away; only iVZA
fcr 2CO ajcr^s; T^s f^-ncel; IS acres richest of
va!.Vy loam; fully 1000 cords of oak: 3-room
h-ruse; well; !i\ir« cirek; 8 miles by good
eour;y rca<3 from Nspa.
Li. SICKELS. the Lar.d Arent.
__ ary et - c ' ri - Chronlde V.iz.. S. F.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo aye.. a miles
north cf lUrkeley. near Fjsnta Fe Railroad—
• aiiey UnS by th« acre. Jl3© to $200. Call for
rrary, etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 4CI CaJ. sL
ALTA W NT A Tract. San Pablo are.. I miles
mitt of Berkeley, near Santa Fe railroad:
vtliey l»md fc T the acre. J230 to $200. Call for
r-.ar*. frf.. on O W. HAIGHT. 4n CaL lit.
J. V,'. HOIiN. ra Main et.. Peulumi; real es-
tate tad therms rh bred Helrian hares. Send
tot lr«-e Idrt of Sonsnia County barralne.
CCZY home of :o acre*. 5 orchard equipped;
r.ear S. F.: tIU-0. EASTIN. £0 Montgomery.
r tr B^wr^ t S.. r?lr ?l ! _ t0 M! 1 cr «ehangs.
M. GRIi-FIN. m Market. r.«>«r Call b'.dr.
CSTATn TO EICUA\GE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 71S MarkTtTT.rTcall WdT"'
-.art? r:ty frc^^rly in exchange for farm*!
io l_iAsttl
TO Lease— A!! or t-arT cf -ici^i'property^Siix
3155: en Mission et.. near Fifteenth; will build
lUibt structure. Owner, bcr JIM. Calt
nOOMS^FOR^HOLSEICEEPIXG.
A TLAT of 4 beautif uTlartre roonisTwide haJIT
stationary tubs, with bath, completely fur-
nished Jcr housekeeping; hot and cold water;
tras and telephone; new houso; fine view;
healthy Iccatlon; in a small, private family:
no children wanted: pent reasonable. 4i21
Twentieth tt.. r.ear Castn>.
ADJOINING newly furnished rooms: light
houB-->keerir.g; convenient: near Oak and Oc-
tavla: reasonable. Box 2, 300 Hayes st.
CALIFORNIA. 2C23— 2 cr 3 sunny furnished
n>:m?: light housekeeping: reasonable; ref-
erences tschanced; rrlvate family.
CHURCH. 2S3— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing cheap: corr.er building.
EDDY. S3"— Very pleasant and connecting house-
keeping rooms: splendid location; pr!v. res.
FILLMORE. :_l2. near Ciay— Three unfurnished
rooir.s, $10; also 2 unfurnished rooms, t?. t
FIFTH. 34?— Suite cf rooms for housekeeping;
rent cheap. v '
HOWARD TCIU — Nicely furnished bay-window
Fult»; kitchen: man and wife; ethers.
j HOWARD, Pso— Pur.ny front bay-window room;
\ light housekeeping;' ?7 per month.
! HYDE. 5— Beilrccni parlor and kitchen nicely
furnished fcr housekeeping: gas and gas stove.
HYDE. 40S— Sunny frcnt suite: housekeeping::
basement: separate entrance: $14.
I MARTHA place. 2. off Geary St.. near Taylor-
Two furnished rocms for housekeeping.
MISSION. SCS— 2 or 3 sunny rooms furnished
complete fcr housekeeping.
MISSION. 11!?— Newly furnished room for
hoasekeeplmr; $6 per month.
MISSION. tCZX near 16th— 2 or 2 furnished
roeir,s for housekeeping: yard.
NINTH. 10. rear Markst— Front bay-window
su'te: sap, water, stove; $12.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor fioc-r; 2 to 5 rooms; housekpg. or otherwise.
POLK. J_2— Furr.irhfd and unfurnished house-
keeping- rocnu; very sunny and cheap.
SACRAMENTO, 1514. .. between Hyde and Lar-
kin— Parlor floor; 5 elegantly furnished house-
keeping rooms: piano; large front room next
floor; appreciated if seen; sunny.
i SECOND. 212— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
I also single rooms; clean anil respectable; rea-
j sor.able.
I SOUTH PARK, 1S4 — Large sunr.y front house-
keeping room; rent ti per month.
TEHAMA, 44— Two front housekeeping rooms.
TURK. C 43— Large front roon: coal stove; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas. and bath; 110.
TWENTY- THIRD. 21C6. rear Howard— Two or
3 sunny housekeeping rocms: bath, laundry.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny parlor suite, with
kitchen: gas range.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements -nd subscriptions
received et Call branch office. 2250 Fillmore.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
ratncrfptlons has been established at IM
Valencia nt.
!' ' '
ROOMS* TO LET — Fnrn. and Vniurn.
A-BRUNEWICK HOUSE, 143 Sixth— Rooms
! *5o to SI per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night,
AN (leg&TUly furnished front alcove room,
j bath adjoining; marine view; suitable for lor
I 2 gentlemen. S2S California St., nr. Powell.
I A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush et., ad-
1 Joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
j BURNETT. 142S Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu- :
nished nrs.. mites, single; also unfurnished. I
j BUSH, 1124— Elegant suite and single rooms;
I tath: running water; beautiful horn«; elegant
reception room; $12 up.
CALIFORNIA. 705 <St- Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny ccrner; well 'urn : rms. & offices.
EDDY, £21— To let, nice furnished rooms, en
suite cr single, by a German private family;
thone Hal£ht 2t.J3. . ¦.'¦' -; ¦¦¦•;-¦"¦-,
ELEGANT furnished rooms, single and en
suite; dining room connected. Audubon, Cal-
ifornia. ar;l Hyde streets.
I FOLEOM. 565. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites cr single: new mgmt.
I GEARY, 14A— Lipht. sunny room; nicely fur-
I rished; from $1 10 up.
GEARY, 33*. rear — A nice, large, sunny room
in a quiet family for a gentleman.
GEARY. 4?3 <Ths Navarre)— Elefrantly furnish-
ed rooms ;s-jHes cr *ing!»; -travelers acccm.
i GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny back paripr suites;
other rooms: privilege light hskpg. : phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh
ti.-i - Mission tts. — Sunny ; rooms, en suite or
flng'.e; ladies' parlor; reading room: elevator.
GRANT sve.. 219 (The Oyde)— House refur-
nished: front rooms, tsc per day up; suites
i reasonable.
I HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission st.— Select
faaily Tooming house: $1 to to $6 per we«k."
j HOWARD. 12S— Uoomi from $1 weeK up to J5,
! !5c to $1 night: also housekeeping romos.
I MCALLISTER. MSA— Newly furnished rooms In
private family for gentlemen only; single, $10;
d--»uU«? $12.
¦ MINNA 6€7, corner Eighth — New furnished bay
I window rocrn. $1 per week; transient.
I MISSION. fJTA (Avoe* House)— New; newly
furnished: rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
: LEAVEN WORTH. IJ2l— Furnished or unfur-
nifhed rooms to let.
NATOMA. 71«— Three large sunny rooms; down-
stairs; rent tS.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and j
efflces: elevator; e;ectric lights: day. wk.. mo.
ORLANDO House. 259 Howard, cor. Sixth— j
Sunny room*: prices to suit; open night.
POST. 2C9. cor. Stockton— Finest transient
rocir.s in city for tourists; hot and cold water, j
- elevator, telephone.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or singles: runnlns water: gas: reas.
POWELL, MS — Frcnt sunny room, newly fur-
nished; gentlemen preferred; references; rea-
sonable.
ROSEDALE House. 31? & S2l Ellis «t— Rooms,
r.iprt. 2'< to Jl: week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12* Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rocms. per night. 25c to $1 50: week. $2
to $S: month. $S to $20; elevator on offlce floor:
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN ANTONIO 21 Taylor ct.. near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hct and cold water; radiators; salt
F«a bethn; suites and elude rocms.
Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
rfar Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. 25C2. cor. Howard— Single fur-
nished room; $4 a month.
ETOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rottsserie)— Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to $30.
SUTTER. 1C22H — Newly fumlsbid sunny
rooms: reasonable.
TO let— Upper part cf house, consisting of three
rooms and connecting bath: corner house;
best of references given and required; no chil-
dren. Box 3040. Call rfflce.
THE Aster. 1130 Mark-t— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; single, euites; trans't.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming hous»
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. 62?— Sunny Single room; use of bath;
private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmcre st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
ti*em"nt« and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until S p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubceripupns has been established at 13i(
Valencia rt. _^^
UOO3IS AXD BOARD.
A— FIRST -CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury;
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-claes
table: prices moderate: 2 rar lines pass hotel;
elevator; Ulerhcne Hyde 2771. 16C-4 California
ex.. corner Polk, rear Van Ness aye.
NEW family hotel; first class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table: *peclal Inducements to
select people. , K>7 California St., occupying
ccrcer opposite Grace Church. ¦ ¦¦
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rocms: superior board; modern
ctover.jencee: rates reasonable.
HOTKL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
NICELY furnished sunny rooms, with or with-
out board; $20 up. 742 O'Farrell.st. ?
VAN NES3 aye.. J44 CThe Wallace) — Rooms
•nd board: furnished and unfurnished: J29 up.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
LADlES— Chicbester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no ether;
*end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." in letter by return mail: af drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. BS2O.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, ll up:
painting done. Hartnan Paint Co.. 313 Third.
SEWIXG MACHIXES A\li SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Aeency,l43 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrinr at lowest rates. 205 Fourth eu
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
riERCK-RODOLPH Storago and Moving Co.
Office. 401 PoEt St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5712.
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Movlna- Com-
pany, 1320 Filimote St.; "phone Jackson zSL.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 535; packing, moving and storage.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
TYPEWRITER: Smith: good order; cheap. $27
Market st.. room 202. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
tHOO— NEW modern 4-room cottage: large lot;
all etreet work done; west side of street.
$Coo— Fine 4-room cottage; lot 80x100; close
to station and schools; jsea this to-day.
Jl7ao-=iModern 6-room 2-story house; large
lot: Rood location; near train and schools.
13MK>— New modern colonial cottage of 7
rooms; Grand street; large lot; easy terms.
A fine S-room house, never occupied; must
be sMd en account of death; see this prop-
erty: offer wanted.
A 3-acre ranch; all in fruit; 4-room bouse;
suitable for chicken ranch; ¦ windmill and
tank; in Fruitvale; right on car line; price
«COO.
Bargains in al! parts of Alameda; houses
to rent, furnished or unfurnished.
OSiee open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
i; 00 Park Et., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1750— 5-ROOM cottage: street work doneTTot
40x135: sunny exposure; yard nicely Improved:
best part of Berkeley; between asylum and
University of California; adjacent property
held at $60 per foot; owner absent; must be
Eoldr eaey terms.
$iooo— Right at the entrance to the Univer-
sity of California; elegant corner lot; 9 rooms;
modern and complete; ready to move into.
$1200— South Berkeley, near station; modern
6-room cottage: easy terms; good as new;
told once for $2000. M. L. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland.
THE biggest bargain of the year, adjoining
high-priced property and within 10 minutes 1
walk of University; 1 block from Telegraph-
ave. electric railroad; 475 feet frontage. ISO
f«>et deep; must be sold; make an offer. MA-
PON & McLENATHEN. adjoining P. 0.,
Berkeley.
NEW houses to rent, near the University; 8
and 9 rooms each. MASON & McLENATHEN,
adjoining P. P.. Berkeley station.
FIXE houso of 8 rooms, fully furnished, for
rent. MASON & McLENATHEN. adjoining
Postofflce. Berkeley station.
j A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pages, in wrapper, for mailing. IX per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$30 CASH. $6 monthly— Chicken run of Sox*s«
feet: unfinished new cottage. 2 rooms: chicken
yard; all fenced; price all told, $376; more
lan>l can be had cheap; soil, climate and
viator excellent: away from cold winds and
fog%: grand view; near a »0-foot-wide boule-
vaid and electric car line; not ¦ far from a
fine 3- story scboolhouse; li building up fast;
4 houses already gene up on the place; West-
ell Tract, adjoining East Oakland; call or
pend for circular. 455 Seventh et.. near Broad-
way, Oakland. HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
WELL-BUILT, attractive house; choice neigh,
borhood; central Oakland; 19 rooms; sunny
corner: lot 40 by 125 feet: near station; $5500;
part cash. Owner, bsx 2742. Call offlce.
3. OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; nice garden; large
yard: $15. ETI Thirty-fifth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURXITURE FOR SAI1I&
AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaa*. th»
furniture dealer. 11th end Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 14 (SOc per
vhare) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co.
•will be payable at the offlce of the company,
527 Market St.. en and aft<?r TUESDAY, Aprtl
I^. 1500. Transfer books closed on Thursday,
April 6. ISOO, at 8 p. m. -
E. fit SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 8 (23c per
share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.
win be payable at the office of the company,
527 Market St., on and after MONDAY, April
16. IMO. Transfer books will close on Tues-
day. Acrtl 10. 1900. at 3 p. m. .-•. -• - -
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Califor-
nia, room 113 Crocker building. San Francisco.
Cal . April 6. ISoo— Coupon due April 12, 1900.
from, first mortgage six (6) per cent bonds of
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be paid at the fiscal agency of this company,
tha Crocker-Woolworth National Bank, on
and after that date. ' -
S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con. — A dividend (No. 16) of seventy-
flve <75c) cents per share on the issued cap-
ital stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 420 Cal-
ifornia St., San Francisco, on April 10, 1500.
Transfer bocks close April 3. ISOO. at • noon.
A. A. SPAHKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
Supplies ¦ and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon.
May 1, l? 00, and publicly opened immediately
th»reafter, to furnish at the Navy-Yard,
Mare Island. Cal.. a quantity of pig iron,
coal, lumber, rivet rod, steel plates, pipe fit-
tings and machine tools: blank proposals will
be furnished upon application to' the Bureau
or to the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco. Cal.
A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General. U. S. N.
4-2 00. ¦
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. April 7. 1900— Sealed
proposals in triplicate, will be received here >
until 1. o'clock m.. MONDAY, May 7. ISOO. j
and then opened, for furnishing during fiscal
year ending June SO. ISOi, forage and straw,
to be dfllvered on board of vessels at wharves
in San Francisco, Cal., for shipment to Hono-
lulu, H. I. Government reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids or any part
thereof. Preference given to articles of Amer-
ican production, conditions of price and. qual-
ity (Including in the price of foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American, pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the public
frviee there. All information furnished on
application to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining bids to be indorsed "Proposals for
at San Francisco. Cal.." smd ad-
dressed to J. M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quar-
termaster General. U. S. A., Chief Quarter-
master.
PROPOSALS FOR FIELD RANGES— Depot
Quartermaster's Offlce, 36 New Montgomery
Ft., San Francisco, Cal., March 28, 1900
Pealed propoaals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this offlce until 11 o'clock a. m.,
April 12, 1900, Pacific Standard time, for fur-
nishing 2tQ large field ranges, with privilege
of increase of B0 per centum. ' samples to be
submitted by bidders. Preference will be
given to articles of domestic production and
manufacture, .conditions of price and quality
being equal (including In the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
cn), and such preference will be given to ar-
ticles of American production and manufac-
ture produced on the Pacific Coast to the ex-
tent of the consumption required by the pub-
lic Bervice there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals cr any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
will be Indorsed "Proposals for Field
Ransres." and addressed to Captain OSCAR
F. LONG, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S.
Army. Depot Quartermaster. •
SAN FRANCIicb. Cal., March 24. 1900— Sealed
proposals, ¦in triplicate, will be received here
until 12 m~ Friday. April 13, 1900. and , then
opened, for furnishing 71 cavalry horses and
86 artillery horses at the Presidio of San Fran-
cisco. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Bids will be considered for a less number of
horses than that stated? Preference given to
articles of domestic production, conditions of
price and quality {including in the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) • being
equal, and such preference given to articles of
American production produced on the Pacific
Coast, to extent, of consumption required by
the public service there. Information fur-
nished on application to J. M. MARSHALL,
Deputy Quartermaster General. U. S. .Army,
Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 13 o'clock noon,
April 24, 1900, and publicly opened immed iate-
. ly thereafter, to furnish at the naval station,
Puget Sound. Wash., a quantity of hardware,
¦wire rope, iron rod.. lumber, and 1- double-
drum chip wind. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the naval station.
Pupet Bound. .Wash, or to the bureau. A. S.
KENNY. Paymaster General, U. 8. N.
3-26-00. .
LEGAL ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
CUSTOM House. San Francisco. Cal., April 3,
1300— Notlce-rCertaln ' goods .; remaining : one
year .in bonded ', warehouse > will ' be sold : at
public auction at the United States Ap-
praiser's store on the 25th of April," 1900, at 11
o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues" can be
had at the Custom House on Aprtl 19,' 1900,-
or at the time and place of sale. J. P. "JACK-
EON, Collector. ¦-" \
O'BRIEN— In this city. April «. WOO. Oeorgs
E. O'Brien, a native of Kentucky, axed 41
years. - •
CTThe funeral will take plac« this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'ROURKE— In this city. April 8. 1300, Mar-
ffaret. beloved wife of Patrick O'Rourke. and
mother of Mrs. D. F. Murphy and Margaret.
Thomas. Catherine, Nellie. Llrsie and James
O'Rourke, * native of County Tipperary. Ire-
land, ajred 54 years.
ICTFriends and acauaintanees are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. SIS Potrero avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
boul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRICE— In this city. April 8. 1800. Sarah, be-
loved, wife of J. B. Price, and mother of Mrs.
C. J. Kalghln, Mrs. C. A. Hellwig, Merton 8.
and Lottie Price and Richard Price of Sacra-
mento and' Ralph G. Price of Seoul, Corea. a
native of England, aged 63 years.
E_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. C. A. Hellwig. 971 Mc-
Allister street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
REYNOLDS— In St. Helena, Cat. April 7. 1900,
Frank B. Reynolds, a native of Augusta. Ms.,
aged £3 years.
[?TFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday).
at 1:30 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple, cor-
ner Poet and Montgomery streets, under th»
auspices of California Lodge No. 1, F. and
A. M.
SMITH— In Berkeley, April 8. 1900, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Charles Smith and mother of
Mrs. James, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Johnson, Cap-
tain I. L. Smith and C. C. Smith, a native of
Australia, aged 61 years 3 months and 4 days.
(CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at >
o'clock, from -the mortuary chapel of J. S.
Godeau, 306 Montgomery avenue, between
Broadway and Vallejo street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. April 8. 1900. Mrs. Caro-
line Smith, mother of George H. Smith. Mrs.
A. W. Scott and Mrs. Davis Louderback. a
native of Augusta, Me.
ITTTiineral from her late residence, 105 Bu-
chanan street, this ' day (Tuesday), at I
o'clock. Interment strictly private. Please
omit Sowers.
STEEN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 9, 1500. Philip Steen. a native of Bel-
gium, aged 33 years. "
UHRLANDT— In this city. April 9. 1300, Herr-
mann E., beloved husband of Lizzie Uhrlandt,
a native of Germany, aged 73 years 2 months
and 4 days.
JETRemains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elshth.
WALPOLE— In this city, April 9. 1900. Fred-
erick E. Walpole (better known as Fred
Clark), husband of Mary Walpole. a native of
England, aged 68 years. (English papers
please copy.)
C^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence. 141 Eleventh street, near Howard. In-
terment L O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
WEST— In this city, Aprtl 6. 1500. Bridget J.
West, a native of New Bedford. Mass.. aged
58 years.
(CTFrlends and acauaintanees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Lnurel Hill Cemetery.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses hare been Issued as follows:
Lawrence F. Faure, 23, 609 Montgomery ave-
nue, and Pearl E. Stroud, . 20, 161S Bush street.
James W. Kilsby. 44, city,, and Mary A. Hell-
strom, 23, city. -. . . ¦- _
William G. Bennett, 84. city, and Maeg-le
Geraghty, 34, city.
Frank N. Patterson, 40, city, and Henrietta
A. Stieglltz. 23. city.
Frank T. Scott. '2s, Pomona, and. Bessie K.
Hoops, 19. city.
August H. Warnecke. 28. 432 Frederick street,
and Sarah E. Gray. 27, 1501 Washington street.
Alberto D. Guerrero, . 30. 1038. Howard street,
and Mercedes M. Pimentel. 13, 245% Minna 6t.
Robert D. Griffith. S6, 1037^ Market street,
and Hattie M. Bishop. 2122 Sterner street.'
CLEVER DODGE TO
BUNKO A BOOKKEEPER
"Say, there's a man rolling away a bar
ren of paint,", eald a. young man excitedly
as he rushed Into. the office of the Pacific
Hoofing , Company, Minna and New Mont
gomery streets, yesterday ¦ morning. The
only' person In the office was the bookkeep
er, and he jumped from his stool >and ran
outside. There. was a man rolling away a
barrel sure enough, but when he caw the
bookkeeper he bolted.
The bookkeeper returned to the office.
Intending to thank the young man for his
kindness, but he had disappeared. A few
minutes later the bookkeeper discovered
that a tin box containing $77 84 was miss
ing, and he came to the conclusion that
his "friend", had v stolen v it ; and : - that the
man who was rolling away. the barrel was
an accomplice. He notified the. police.* and
Detectives Ryan and ODea were detailed
oa the case.
BAXLKO AD - TBAV_ST_,
NORTH PAGIFIcIbOAST RAILROAD!
Yin Sausalito Perry.
Cotnmancin* October 1. ls9t.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAXUS!
AND BAN RAFAEL.
-SVE2X DATS—^:OO. "JISO. 11:00 a. m.l n>«,
•1:40. 1:15. 8:00. s:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Pot Mill VaH«y and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:CO and 11:10 o. m. ¦
SUNDATS— *9:00. 10:00, W:3» a. m.; «1:1_,
• :15, *4:45. 6:80, S:00 c. m.
Trains marked <•) run to Ban Quentln.
7ROM SAN RAFAEL TO4BAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DAYS-6:t5. «s:IS. 1:43. »9:40 a. m.l
•11:30, 1:15. *S:4O. «6:U p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. ¦ -
BUNDATS-e:JO. *8:00. «10:«. »U:« «, __?
n:4O. 1:11. 4:45, »«:20 D. m.
Trains marked (•> start from Ban Qnentln.
JPROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-£:45. 6:46. 7:55.t:45 a. caTj
11:35. I:SS. »:4S, i:K> p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
BAturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 n. ra.
SUNDATS— B:O6. 10:C5 a. m.: 11:05. t:IS, S_ML
|:00. <:4S p. m.
i- - THROUGH TRAINS. .
frt» a. m. week day*— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
Small Comfort for Janitors.
Auditor "Wells yesterday returned the
demands of 102 school janitors to the
Board of Education without his approval.
In a communication he recites the fact
that the demands have not been signed
by the Superintendent of Schools, as ex
pressly required by the charter. The lat
ter withheld his signature because he
holds that the janitors should not be paid
out of the school fund, but by the Board
of Public "Works, which employs them.
The janitors will now be compelled to
take the matter to the courts to settle
the disputed point and get their money. •
WILL AVENGE HIS
SISTER'S DOWNFALL
Lemuel Campbell Assaults Edward
Barron, a Colored Youth, in the
City Hall. Corridor.
There was an exciting scena for & few
minutes in the corridor outside of Judge
Conlan's courtroom yesterday morningr-
Lemuel Campbell, a young: man, struck
Edward Barron, a colored youth, twice on
the face, closing one of his eyes.
Campbell's half-sister, Lottie Robb, a
pretty . girl not yet 17 years of age, was
arrested Saturday, together with Thomas
Sadler and Julia Kennedy, both colored,
at 34 Turk street. The girl had been liv
ing with Jack Bost, a colored barber. In
Oakland, and he had taken her to the
house on Turk street. . The charge of va
grancy against Sadler and the Kennedy
woman was dismissed by Judge Conlan
for lack of evidence, and as they left the
courtroom in company with Barron, who
was a witness for the defense, Campbell
followed them and assaulted Barron. He
was arrested by. Policeman. Rainsbury on
the charge of battery, but the Judge as
sumed the responsibility of releasing him
till this morning, and expressed his regret
that Campbell did not use a club instead
of his -fists. Barron was the claimant In
the contest over the estate of the late
Alexander Barron, millionaire, and lives
at 9 Sherwood place.' '
The girl was sent to the Magdalen Asy
lum and a warrant Was issued for the ar
rest of Bost on the felony charge . of en
ticing a young girl from her home for im
moral purposes. He was arrested In Oak
land and brought to the City Prison by
Officers McMurray and Coleman of the
Society for the Suppression of Vice.
Campbell declared ho would use a club on
Bost at- the first opportunity.
BAIIBOAD TSAVEL.
¦wibilwh FAvrrtc c»M*_unr.
»*ACIMC -T«B*.>
Tr-JLaa |i«t« i»t»«l »«•«• «•»« «•» -.--!-• at
MAM Kit* *«'!*« O.
(-fain H"*. FcoC cf li_r_tt Street.)
UUTI — I**OM FXBRCABT t% IXO. — AMUT» '
•7>OO_ Benieta. Snisuo, Elmirx V_c_»Ula.
Co__Ky -ml fr-sra^eato *7t4Ss>
•7iOO_ oowu Exprem-Efcuis. Willow*
Red Bluff. PcrtUwl «T»43» ; '
•7i3Oa Martine-. tKialUmoD, VaKeJo. Napa.
CaMstosr»»3«lS_)!ta Ursa, •*!!»?;
I •Hist* Tha Orerl-mlLvci'ed— ©.isa. Den-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago •S«IS»
a Si3*A Sm Jose. I.it r:r.. ¦.-.-. Kiocktrm,
Icne, Saerameiita n«eerr_i«t
al.irys-£le, Chico, IWClul! •«»»»» <•
•»:SO* •Milton, O_kd*l<\ houora. Carters... »-I:ISf
»»:<>Oa lUywar !*. Niks and >Vi» sections. *1 li-IS*
*9>O«la Davis. Woodland, Ksizbt* Landing.
MarxsTili-, OrnjU*. »7f43r
• 9:«0» Atlinri.i Kj^ress— Ojden and Easl *»>4sa.
•9:OO_ Martinez. Tracy. Latiirop. Stockton.
MereeaaD.l fresco. »l9ztSr
¦•>!••• Pert Costs, Vresuo, ."'!. j.ive and I.c»
An S «l.« ••:45r
• 1 8:OOt V»IK Jo. Martine: t;;.! W»y Stations ••543»
•11:UO_ KUt\ I_»era!Ota, Btockkm, .Sacra- \. -* r '-.
meoto, Mendota, iUuf . rJ. Vi*ali-»
rcneniUe *til»»
• 1 2 :OOm Haywirda. Xilti and W_y Stations. •'¦* >-»* t- -
<I:OOP Sacramento Ki?erSt»«tiier« t*s**F _ .
*3:<H>r llar-rarda, Nilcs aad Way Buttons. *3>43p
•4i«M»r Martiu-Jt, Hau lUmox. Valiejo.
Kapa. C- >! Hi'-_a. HiUit» Hosa *•<!¦«
MiOOr Ben!:!*, Yac-Tnle, Kacramrato,
V,'oo<l'.ai>{>. JCnigbU l-andinc.
Mary^Till-.OrofiSio. »f:4*A
•l«8Or Si!es,SaaJ<Mwn.i;<» Stockton •?sl3-
•3:OOpTho Owl LUfiitcl— Tracy. Fresco.
Uiktrs _«i J. Bai!ii:3 for cku U*t- '"
bar*. U-aAotxlm «1»j«_>-
o3:00p Sarstt I.l_.fted-El Vti\ Kew Or-
l»rstnl Eist «I«s43_i
•••Ji3Op Bt?ckto3. Sl«cc<t. t'rosuo •ia»»a»
•S:3OpViesti<>. UakenSexl. SaiiU JUihsra.
l/os ADgeles, I'o-niu?, Xl Piao,
New Orleans and r_at •SMk ;
•3i3«p Htnta F-. Itonte— .lUaulia Express
forMoJa*-. au.l Jiuit 'Orf.iF
*G:OO? ITjywirJi, Nile* and Han Jo« 9 •*:!"»*
ta<sur Vaiie}.. Ma«i»» :_-
•G:3»r Oriental Mail— Or-en. Cheyenne
Omaha, Chieaeo •»*«*
•e»S«p Oriantal Mail— Ofden. DenTtr. ¦- -
Oma&a. Ch'.ena *4ilSv
t?t*«p Tallcjo. Port Coats and Way feu-
Uona, i9U»S»
• <iO3r Oregon anj CalifnTnia Uxprna.Mao>
rauieutu. M.irj*>:.>. l:-i<iit'i.
P..rtlai..». ri :.¦>» H'»tni\ m.u,\ Ka«t »»iiaa
COAST DIVISION Harrow «.a«sf).
<Foot ot Mtrkct Street.)
•*«!.¦»* >i>-'ark.OnteMill«»,,s»n Joe*. Kelton,
Boii'.dert.'Ttek.Satil* Crux and Way
BiatloßS •O»»«»
t*« I *P Kewmik, CeoterrlUw, Baa Jcta,New
Almaded, Feltoo, 1 : ¦ .uMer Creek, i a
Santr» Crus au<l rrinetpal Way
Bt»Uons 'tl«ia«a
•Isl.ip Kawaik. San Jo»», Lea Gatos. •»:2«*
bllttSp Hiinten' Cxcnrslcn. San Jos« aod a
WiySta:j.i-» }7i3<T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. _,
rnasl!( rnnCISCJ— r-«t «f -trkit S-jeit («:!»!)—
•7:15 9tOO 11:COa.m:. |I:C3 "a.M t3-9O '
•1:53 S3:C3 *s:Csr.i«. - ¦
ffamOtlUSS— r*«l»rßri*4«>T— *S:oo 8:M 10.00*.*.
tl2.Ca M:S3 t2:C3 -3::3 tt:C3 -S:g:r.ii,
COAST DIVISION (BraailGaage). . *
(Third and TownsetulSU)
t<*:io_ Ooeau Vlow, boatb tun rrsnelseo.. t«-**»
•T:«u \ flan Jos« aiul Way btati<>us (N*«w
Almaden WeJne<Jijs ouly) *liS*V
•iJiOO* Han Joan. Tics I'iuna. h-mt_ Cm*.
Taeldo Grata. I'aso Iti.bles, San
l.uls Oi.i^T-i. Sinf. Loeqsoc aad
Principal War Rtntlnns Mllw*
•lOtlOt 9atiJosaan<l Way Ktntlnns •• > 8»*-
•I liUUa Baa Joss aiul Way Stations. *S>3o_>
f^tlSr R-n Mateo. Itedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. SaaU Clara. Han Josa, • * t* .
Tres Pinos. Manta Cruz. SaUnaa,
Monterey and Faclßq GroT» tIO>8«A
f3i~*p Ban Jawan.J Way Station* ........ *?U2Oe
41:13r Saa Jo*sau<! Prlneipal Way Rtatlona •»: 13 1 "
f.">:oop San Josa ami Principal Way Stations t'J:OO t
*3t3Op San Josa and Principal Way Utations * "::i."V*
*6::iop Baa Josa and Way 5tatf0n5. ........ ? t «-.OO\ '
111t43p San Jess and Way Statioos '7:Ji)y
A for Moraine- P for Afternoon
'Daily. fHonJay exempted. J feuad*y oo'y.
b BatnrdayonJy.
_• Taesdijs and Fridais s Thozadays and Saadaya. X|
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£CMiCAGOi
This Is the quickest raonlnj and most
luxurious train across the continent.
CoirczcTCto Tsain Leaves San Fkajtcisco: ,
S P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n la time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Tranciaet* at 5:3 a
FYDDFCC. p. m. with Palace and Totmst
r»A II V car 9 tor K » a »" Ctty, St. Lonis, -
DAILY Caicajjo and East.
Local trains let-weed Stockton, VALLFY
Fresno, Hanford, Vtsalia» Tnlara DOAn
and Bakerafield. KXJAU
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
TWSCO SOON i£?SSSSu%?SS£
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
tlanu Clara Street.
CALUOISIi KOBTHTFESTEW EL C9t »
U8 FHAXGISCO AND NORTH PAGtHS
RAILWAY COMPANY. kX
Tttwrao fmrrt. F««t of Aarfca* tK
mxs FRAXCIBCO TO BXS ""'".
17TBS DATS— 7:3% t:C«J. 11:00 a. m.; U:T%.
1:30, 5:10, 1:3) p. a. Thoj-sdays— Cxtra ui> - -
at 11:13 b> m. Batardars— Extra, trip* at 1:1* •
and 11:10 p. ra. '¦ ¦'%**' • "'•
VUNDAT3-«^ov I:S8. U:» a, nxi 138k IJ»v
4:00, «:J0 p. m. - >•
BAN RAJ*A£3- TO BAJI FRANCiaOO.
TTEEK DATS— «:IO, 7:50. »:D. 11:10 a. m.\ U:OL
1:40. t:l» p. m. Saturdays— Extra trb* M "~
1:S8 and t:li c. ra.
eUNDATS-S:li>, »:O, UO9 a. m. j 1:49, 1:«. I:0i.
1:25 B. O.
Betwean San Fraselse» and Schoataea Park f
nisi scb«dol« as abova.
L.eav» Arrtr*
Baa TTanetaoOk In Effect Ban Franctseak
I October 15. 1 ¦
Week Bon- IS9*. Bun- W«i
Days. days. DaaUnatloa. daya. Days.
7:59 am t:00 am No-rats. 19:49 am 110 am
S:Sopm I: JO am Petaiuma. (:05 pm 19:2S ana
• tit pm 8:00 pm Santa Roaa. IM pm %:tS pa* ,_
Fulton. . •'¦
T -H am Windsor. 19:3 aai
Bealdaburc
Lytton.
_5?ys«rvlll«,
l:» pm 1:50 am ClovardaJ*. T:JS pm I tn pta
f:Soaia Eopland and I I
I^o am UTtlaa. | TU>5 pm| C.B pn» -
t:n«n _J:!J a_*
I^X)ajn OaemarUla. I:J3 pin.
l:S0 pa . . I (:n pns
T:23 am IM am Bonom* »:15 am 1:40 an*
. . - and
1:10 pm l.«pm Olen EPen. tro6pm *:O pn»
t:SO ami 1:00 ami SvbastopoL, 110:40 am'lO:ZS ac»- -
1:10 pm| 6:00 pm| | 7:55 praj «:g pg> '*
Btaxes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Pprinys and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Bprinss: at OeTßervtlla (or Skaxr*
Sprlnrs: at Clorerdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprtnrs. Highland Sprtnca.
Kelsejrrille. Cstrlsbad Sprincs. Soda Bay Laks-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uktah for Vlclxy
Bprlnr_, B«.rato_a Sprta«v Bin* Lakes. Laural
Dell LaJce, "Witter Bprtn«». Upper Lake. Pomow
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. L-erley*s.
Bncknell's. Sanhedrtn Helchta. Hull nil •. Orr*B -
Hot Sprlnxa. ' Mendoelno City, Fort Braxx." "
Westpcrt. ' Usal, WUlltt*. La.ytonvin«, Cua-
min^s. Bell's Sprlncs, H&rrls, Olson's, Dyer»'..*
Scotia and Eureka. j**
Saturday to Monday rosnd-trt? tickets at r»-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trta tickets t« all point* •
Wyond San Rafael at naif rate*. -._;
Ticket Offices. CO Market rt.. Chronicle bldju -
B. C. WHl'llXb. ¦ R. X. RTAJI. . •.»'
General _Tansyar. Osn. rajs. A*eni ¦'¦
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY /.
Leav* San Francisco via Sausalito F«rry. *?.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. Nx *
8uniay ........ ....1:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:«5 p. s_> .
Steam-heated, elossd car oa all tratna. . '
Fart— San Francisco to Summit and Retort,
040. ¦ -
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C»_J.~UEACXYNT. Establish!*! I
in IH_ » for the treatment *i Privato
I>lse&ses, Lost Man hood. Debility or
dhte_se*Tear!agoiibodyaodmlndaiKt.: '
Skin Dfaeaaea. 'l"be doctor enres-.vb^n
ntberstaiL Try him. Char^e^ 10-r.
4"nr«»«snarufitfe<l. CallorwriMu'-A
Dr.J. f.uICUUX, li»t l»s7.San Fraacteco>^
CALIFORNIA HAS THE
HONOR OF BEING FIRST
T. H. Ramsay Is Given the Initial
Judicial Appointment at the
Paris Exposition.
It la something ot an honor to be se
lected to serve tha interests of one's State
at the Paris Exposition in any executive
capacity; but to be selected to fill a posi
tion of national as well as local Impor
tance; to be the first selected from the
numerous applicants of the entire United
States is an honor so great as to shed
come of its luster on the country that pro
duces the man as well as on the man him
self.
T. H. Ramsay Is the man who received
thi3 coveted distinction and California is
the State that may boast of sending the
first representative to sit on the exposi
tion's international jury of awards.
Mr. Ram3ay is a native son and has
been identified with the fruit and vine
industries of the State ever since he left
college some ten years ago. Ten years is
a very short time for a man to acquire
such proficiency in a chosen calling that
his reputation for knowledge of any par
ticular industry becomes national. Yet
Mr. Ramsay has succeeded in accomplish
ing this difficult task and is soon to de
part for Paris, there to sit in judgment
on the vintages of a land that was fa
mous for its wines before the great nation
that send 3 him had been thought of.
The jury of which Mr. Ramsay will be
a member will confine Itself to passing
judgment on the merits of the wines and
fruit of no country In particular. It will
be international in character and will de
cide on the respective merits of all the
exhibits of fruit and wine presented at
the exposition, no matter where they
come from, j
As the decisions of this jury will result
in classifications that will mean hundreds
of thousands of dollars to the producers
some idea may bo had of tho importance
of the position and of the high qualifica
tions necessary to secure the place in
competition with the thousands of claims
that have been put forward from all over
the United States.
It is probable that Mr. Ramsay will be
the only member of this particular Jury
selected from America, as the others will
be selected from representatives of other
wine-producing nations.
Mr. Ramsay is only 27 years of age and
is. therefore, the youngest as well as the
first judge to be chosen. He has beer,
connected with various largo wine and
fruit ranches at one time and another,
but for the past two or three years has
been devoting himself to the management
of the great Stanford ranch at Vina.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
PALACE HOTEL.
J B Ecovel, Buffalo
C W Tozer. Sacto
G G Kimball, Sacto
Mr« C Livingston. Minn
Miss A Livingston, Mln
O Livingston, Minn
Mrs L A Young, Minn
Miss Young, Minn
H H Worrill, N V
Mrs Worrill. NY
H B Wood, San Jose
Mrs Wood, San Jose
C W Bier, Houston
J Meier, St Louis
Miss Cabot, Boston
A C Katnell, Boston
R H Stewart, Beaton
C M Garver. U S N
F F Keelley. Seattle
F C Lusk. Chicago
B Goldberg, Oakland
Mrs Goldberg. Oakland
A B Hammond, Cal
Mrs Hammond, Cal
J S Van Burly, Kan
A Oxnard, Redding
C F Clark. Chicago
C W Peck. Chicago
F Dodwell, Tacoma
Mrs F P Htxon. Wls
T Cohen, Milwaukee
Mrs Cohen, Wllwaukee
H Ntchlson. Wla
Mrs Nlchlson. Wis
W H Fisk, Chicago
Mrs Flsk, Chicago
E J Warner, Chicago
Miss E . Warner. Chgo
J T Jeoffrey, N V • -
H Campe. N .V ¦ . -
E C Fahrney. Cbgo
X Fcshikawa. Chgo
G W Maynard. X V
L J Rose Jr. son, Cal
J D Hurley, Chicago
F G Towle, St Paul 1
Mrs Towle. St Paal
Miss Clark, St Paul
W A Thorson, illch
Mrs Thorson, Mich
Dr T J Yarrow, Phila
Miss M C Yarrow, Pa
Miss E Yarrow, Phila
F D Bates, Sn Mateo
Mrs H Kissenger, Cal
H H Jacob. Cal
T Couch, Montana
Dr S A Brown, low*
Mrs Brown. lowa
J H Hackburn. N C
H H Isham, N V
L Cabet. Boston
Mrs Cabet, Boston
J Nelll. NelU Co
E H Nelll. Neill Co
H Fenton. U S N
C J Titus. Cal
M A Murphy, Cal
O B Mlllett. Cal
R E Jack. Cal
L Yon Rosenberg. N V
B H Klssam. N V
Mrs Kissam, N V
A Petschsukoff. N V
M Harnbourg, N V
A Lackannie, N V
J . V Gottschalk. X V
8 C Gill. Holyoke,Masa
Mrs Gill. Mass
Urs S L Wyman, Mass
.II Ransome, Facto
O Wedl. N V
H E Campbell, Cal
F W Johnson. N V
Mrs Johnson, NY ¦
A B Chen. Mo
G H Daniels. N V
R E Goodell, Denver
Mrs Goodell. Denver
Mrs F McLaushlln.Cal
Miss McLaughlln. Cal
GRAND HOTEL
A B Butler, Colusa
II Dunbar. 6 Clara
A H Wright. Stkn
A Bertolani. S Rosa
S Dannenbaum, ValUo
S Reed. L Anr
W H Murphy. P Alto
J Mathna, Sacto
J H Garver, Cal
C J Steniel. Cal
C A Foster, Lowell
L Mclntosh &w, Chjoo
Hazel Mclntosh. Chlco
L Halle & w. Chicago
G N Todd. L Ang
H M Harper *: w L A
J Barrle & w, Minn
F Shaw. Fortuna. •.¦:'.¦
J C LIUls. S Barbara
H H Bey. Cal
J A O'Connor, Va
C H Hosung U 3 N
Mips Foster, Urban
W Goosche, Baltimore
Mrs Foran, Stillwater
J L Townsend, Wash
Miss Townsend, Wash
P R Freeman, Chicago
C L Ruggles. Stkn
J Paddock, Cal
F Cbittenden, Fresno
W O Matthews. Sacto
Mrs Brisban, . Napa
F A Boole, Sanger
F L Clarke & d. Pa
E W Preston, N City
M F Llston. Covelo
G Manhart, G Valley
W Garrison, - Gait
J R Clark. 3 Jos*
J B de Jarnatt. Colusa
H Abbott, Anderson
H A Bell. Eacto
J L Harlan. Winters
F M McCullough. LA
E H Ingram, Eugene
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S H Magnersen, NY
S P Gibbs. Michigan
J H Rodriguez, Fresno
E R Hamblin. L Gatos
J Maloney. Tacoma
R Sullivan, Tacoma
J Sullivan, S Jose
C Finberg, Madera
W Johnson, Uklab
T McManus, L Ang
L H Cbristensen. Red
W Prlngle, Martlnea
S Fisher, 3 Jose
C Ruffa. Marysville
O Chapman & w. Kans
O Calrson. Fresno
J Smith. Tampico
W Chirm. Vallejo
F M Vanhorn, L ¦ Ang
G Reed. V Wells
J Embree & t, V Wells
DIED.
Alpers, Matil'Ja A. Kelly, Emily
Babb, Charles Kreling, F. W.
Cain, Lucy J. Layden, Andrew A.
Cantrow'th. Joseph Matthews, Wm. D.
Corcoran. Daniel O'Brien, George E.
Dankwerth, Fritz C. O'Rourke, Margaret
Dudley, Mary S. Price. Sarah
Dunn. James E. Reynolds, Frank B.
Flanigan, Patrick Smith. Elizabeth
Green. William Smith. Mrs. Carolina
Gruner. Frank Steen. Philip
Hachette. Roy M. Uhrlandt. Herrmann
Hoffman, Sarah A. Walpole. Frederick
Jacobs. Henrr W. West. Bridget J.
ALPERS— In New Monterey, April 8, 1900, Ma-
tilda A. Alpers, widow ; of the late John
Alpers. a native of Gluckstadt. Germany,
aged 65 years 8 months and 11 days.
BABB— In Oakland. April 9. 1900. Charles Babb.
a native of Westbrook. Me., aged V 2 years 3
months and 7 days.
(t_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
M E. Church, corner Thirty-fourth and Mar-
ket streets, near San Pablo avenue. Oakland.
CAIN— In this city, April 9. 1900, Lucy J., be-
loved wife of Francis M. Cain, and mother
of Allan J.. Richard L. and Jerome N. Stan-
ley and Lucy B. Cain, a native of Hastings,
Minn aged 43 years 8 months and 1 day.
(Washington and Minnesota papers please
copy.)
E7"Frien_s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason
street, between Geary and O'Farrell. Inters
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CANTROWITH— In this city, April 8, 1900, Jo-
seph beloved husband of Lena Cantrowlth.
and father of Mrs. Martin Solomon. Mrs.
Elias Levy. Mrs. S. Horowitz. Mrs. F. P.
Green Mrs. B. Rosenthal and Lillie. Dora,
Martin. Louis. Arthur and Harry Cantro-
wlth, a native of Posen, Germany.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, Seventh and Market streets, under the
auspices of Bay City Lodge No. 7L I. O. O.
F. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
CORCORAN— In this city, April 8, 1900, Daniel,
beloved husband cf the late Annie Corcoran,
and father of William D. Corcoran and Mrs.
Ellen Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years .-
C_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence. 255 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Bnannan street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, comme-nclnr at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DANKWERTH— In. this city, April 9;~ 1900.
Fritz Carl, youngest and dearly beloved son
of Herrmanrv' anil Dora Dankwerth,- and
brother of Henry Dankwerth. a native of San
Francisco, ased 4 months and 4 days.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 203 Shipley street, near
Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DUDLEY— In this city. April 8. 1900. Mary S.
Dudley, -widow cf the late Allen P. Dudley
and mother of E. T. Dudley. Mrs. Alice J.
Blair and Mrs. William H. Barclay, a native
of New Hampshire, aged 79 years and 9
months.
CrTTriends and acauaintanees are respect-
fully invited to '"attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday.)- at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 151$ Baker * street, between California
and Sacramento. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
DUNN— In this city," April 9. 190». James Ed-
ward " beloved son of James J. and Rosanna
Dunn and brother of Mrs. H. Poynter and
Sarah A., Rose K. and John D. Dunn, a na-
tive of San Francleco. aged IS years 4 months
and 12 days.
FLANIGAN— In this city. April 9, 1900. Patrick,
beloved husband of Ellen Flanigan, and
father of Joseph P., Mary E. and Frances M.
Flanlgan. al native of County Limerick, Ire-
(ETTh* funeral will ta)CB place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence. 11S0 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GREEN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 9. 1900." William Green, a native of Ire-
land, aeed ,79. years.
GRUNER— In this city. April 8. 1300, Frank,
dearly beloved • husband of Ilelene C. Gruner
(nee Wollitz). father of Frieda. Elise.
Frank Theodore, Helena, Leonore. Alice and
Gertrude Gruner. son of Mrs. Elizabeth Gru-
ner and brother of William Gruner. Mrs. G.
Schaefer Mrs. William J. Hursmann and the
late Ferdinand Gruner, a native of Philadel-
phia Pa., aged 47 years 9 months and 7 days.
A. member of Vereln Eintraeht. Court Ger-
man-America No. 7472, A. O. F., and Inde-
pendent Rines.
(CTFriends and acquaintances ere respect-
fully Invited 'to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Elntracht
Hall *37 Twelfth ' street, near Fol3om. where
services will be held tinder the auspices of the
Vereln Eintracht. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street.
HACHETTE— In this city. April 9, IMO. Roy
Melbourne, dearly beloved son of Victor F.
and Alexine Hachette. and brother of Edwin
V Carl" W..' F. Grover C. Victor A. Jr.,
Aif-lne G.. John C. and Mathilde- Haehette-.
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 years 7
months and 4 days. .
HOFFMAN— In" Corte Madera. Aprtl S. 1900,
Sarah A., beloved wife of H. K. Hoffman,
mother of George W. Hoffman Jr., daughter
of John C. and L. A. Perry, and sister of
Jennie L., Harry, John and the late Minnie
and Rose Perry, a native of San Mateo; Cal.
__TThe remains at the funeral parlors of.
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Interment
Halfmoon Bay, to-morrow (Wednesday), via
9 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
JACOBS— In this city. April 9, 1900. Henry W.
Jacobs, a native of Germany, aged 82 years
2 months and 14 days.
KELLY— In this city. April 7. 1300. at 31 Essex
street. Emily Kelly, beloved sister of Mrs.
Ada Hannah. Mary Kelly and Mrs. Lulu
Footman, a native of Guernsey, England,
azed 30 years. <
EXFriends and acquaintances ara respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 *' clock., from the Church of
the Good Samaritan. Second street, near Fol-
som. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from First and Harrison
street* at 2:4So'clock.
KRELING— In Berkeley. April 1. 1900. Fred-
erick William Kreling, father of .the late
Mnrtln. William. John and Joseph Kreling, a
native of Westphalia, Germany, aged 79 years
4 months and 12 days. (New York papers
please copy.)
(CjrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday).' at. ! o'clock, from the parlor*
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery- '
LAYDEN— In this city. April T. 1900, Andrew
A., beloved son of the la»e Andrew and Jane
Layden, and brother of Mamie and the late
John and William Layden, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years.
¦ CTFrlends and acauaintanees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Carew ,& , Enelish. *1 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATTHEWS— In this city. April 8. 1900, Wil-
liam D., dearly beloved brother cf Eddie Mat-
thews of New York City and uncle of Wil-
liam K." Merltt of West Berkeley, a native of
New York, aged E3 years. , • •
ETTrienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission ; street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland,
via 11 o'clock creek beat. .
REPUBLICANS
WILL DISCUSS
PARTY ISSUES
Conference Convention to Be
Held in Sacramento
Next Month.
Questions of the Hour to Be Discussed
by Prominent Speakers in Prep
aration for the Fall
Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO, April 9.— A conference
convention of Republicans will be held at
the Senate chamber of the State Capitol
on May 4 and 5. The principal object of
the convention Is to familiarize Republi
cans with the Issues that will be present
ed In the approaching national campaign.
The introductory epeech will be made by
Superior Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento,
Governor Gage will deliver an address of
welcome and Jud C. Brusie will report
relative to the clubs organized In this
Congressional district. The campaign com
mittee for the Second Congressional Dis
trict will also be announced.
The subjects to be treated, with the
speakers, follow:
"Expansion From a Constitutional
Standpoint," Hon. M. M. Estee.
"Imperialism,." General N. P. Cnlpman,
Supreme Court Commissioner.
"Oriental Diplomacy," Hon. Frank I*
Coombs. United States District Attorney
and ex-Minister to Japan.
"Trusts, Their Growth and Develop
ment," D. E. McKinlay, Presidential
Elector in IS9B.
"Trusts, From a Commercial Stand
point," H. "Weinstock.
"Trusts. From an Industrial Stand
point," John A. Sheehan.
"Has the Financial Problem Been Ad-
Justed?" John P. Irish, United States
Naval Officer.
"The Nicaragua Canal and Its Effect on
the Commerce of California," Irvine 21.
Scott.
"New Occasions Teach New Duties,"
Thoma3 V. Cator.
"Lessons From th© Hour, From a Busi
ness Standpoint." Henry J. Crocker.
"Club Organization as an Influence for
Good," Rev. Joslah Sims.
"Interpretation, Operation, Purposes and
Effect of the Election and Primary Laws
of the State of California." Hon. Fred S.
Stratton. author of Stratton primary law.
General discussion of club organization,
including the questions of "Ways and
Means," "The Relation of Club Organiza
tion to the Republican County Commit
tees," "Division and Responsibility."
"Necessity of Co-operation" and "Sugges
tions, Experiences and Methods Best Cal
culated to Bring Good Results."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1900.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriaee and - death . notices «ent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the Dublication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKW.
MYERS— In this city, April 9, 1900, to the wife
of Rabbi Isidore Myers, a daughter.
STORK— In this city. April 8," ISOO. to the wife
of Andrew Stork, a daughter. 0
3_LAKBIED.
ALKUS— HYMAN— In this city. Aprtl 8, 1900,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Harry L. Alkus and
Hattie Hyman.
BECK— HENDERSON— In Oakland, * March 29,
1900. by the Rev. Robert F. Coyle. William
E. Beck and Fanny M. Henderson, both of
Oakland. ¦
COHEN— FINKELSTEIN— In this city, April I,
1900 by the Rev. M. 8. Levy, Nathan J.
Cohen and Tillie Flnkelsteln.
FRIEDMAN— EISNER— In this city, April S,
1900. by the Rev. M. 8. Levy. Henry Fried-
man and Deborah Eisner.
GREENWALD— LEWALD— In this city, April
5, 1900, by the Rev. M. S. Levr, William
Greenwald and Annie Lewald.
ODGERS— PLEVIN— In this city, April 8, 1900.
at tha home of the bride's sister, by the Rev.
T. H. Woodward. William H. Odgers and
Maude A. Plevin. ¦ '
11ALEXANDER PETSCHNIKOFF.
to be greater in some ways than Paderew
ski, and Amie Lachaume, a young French
pianist . and composer who Is known on
both continents. The two first-named ar
tists are Russians, well known in Europe,
Australia and the East, but now making
their first tour of America. Both landed
in New York last November and have
been touring the country independently
until a fortnight ago, when they Joined
Lachaume in Colorado Springs. They are
now under the direction of Victor Thrane.
and the trio will shortly appear here In a
C °Petschnikoff is'only 27 years old and yet
he commands the highest price of any vir
tuoso in Europe. For several years he
has been the craze in Berlin, where his
rendition of two of the most difficult
pieces ever written for the violin have
won him undying fame. One of these
compositions, Tschalkowsky's "Concerto
op. 35 In D Major," has never before been
attempted at a public concert. It occu
pies forty-five minutes and is very diffi
cult, but Petschnikoff has won fame with
it The young Russlon does not know
where he got his musical genius. His
grandfather was a serf and his father a
common soldier. He took up the violin at
the age of 9. and within two years was
-. N i°«J a *¥ 1 ca . n BUcce ?3fully make love to a
girl if there Is a cuckoo clock in the room.
nant and Alexander Gordenka as the Jap
carried off the honors, and the vegetables
that were liberally thrown over the foot
lights. The farce is cleverly written and
is full of promise of better things should
Mr Tully exercise his brain again.
Chutes.
At the .Chutes last night several new
acts appeared. Hanlon and Singer, on
flying Roman rings, gave a very skillful
performance; De Camp and Murdock pre
sent a short comedy founded on the fa
mous mythological story of Galatea that
is both funny and picturesque. The hold
overs Include Ann Fletcher, Edna Thorn,
the Kramers, Mile. Atlantis and Boggs
and Haeward In a laughable skit entitled
"Locked In With a Lady."
Olympia.
The Olympla management Is presenting
a good .bill this week. Alice Raymond,
Trixeda and Mile. Thelma were all well
received last night, and Thelma Wlnfleld's
violin solos were treated with the appre
ciation they deserved.
Harris Contemplated Suicide.
Wayne Harris, the ex-messenger boy,
who is in the City Prison awaiting trial
for tho stabbing of Andrew Layden, a
fellow messenger, threatens to end his ex
istence. The death of Layden has so
preyed on hl3 mind that ho wants to end
it all, rather than spend a term" in prison.
Last night he was taken to the Receiving
Hospital to be treated for an ailment, and
when searched a sharp piece of tin. which
he had wrenched off the cup used in feed-
Ing the prisoners, was found In his po"ck"eF
He admitted that he intended cutting an
artery in his wrist. It is believed that
fellow prisoners of young Harris have
dwelt on the enormity of his offense and
made him believe that he will not escape
with a light sentence. Friends, who have
heard of his plight, have visited him and
eased his anxiety by informing him that
he is in no danger of being imprisoned
as there were mitigating circumstances
connected with his assault on Layden.
THREE WORLD-FAMED
MUSICIANS ARE HERE
A. Petschnikoff, the Noted Violinist,
and Hambourg and Lachaume,
Pianists.
THREE of the most famous musicians
in the world arrived at the Palace
Hotel yesterday. They are Alexan
dre Petschnlkoff. pronounced by
Eastern critics as the greatest violinist
heard there in twenty years; Mark Ilam
bourg, a pianist who Is claimed by many
playing In public He attracted attention
at an early age, and Plegel & Wolf of
Paris offered to pay for his education if
he would study under a French master.
But he was loyal to his Russian master.
Afterward Princess Ourousson! took him
up and he calls her now his foster mother.
The Princess and two other admirers pur
chased for him a violin that Paganinl
owned and which he considered his great
est. The Instrument passed, on Paeanir.l'a
death, to his son-in-law, who was Petsch
nikoff's master. The instrument dates
back to 1712. and is valued at $60,000.
Mark Hambourg, on the other hand,
comes of a musical family. His father is
to-day one of the best-known musicians
in London. Hi 3 mother was a singer, and
he has two brothers who ar© well known
In the musical world. He was born In
South Russia twenty years ago and
studied under Leschetizky, the teacher of
Paderewski. He has been playing In pub
lic for twelve years and Is considered one
of the greatest pianists on earth. He car
ries no less than six pianos with him on
his tour.
Amis Lachaume has made several tours
Resorts Where the Most Degenerate Frequent and
CESSPOOLS OF INDECENCY
ON THE BARBARY COAST
Hales.
Hale*.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAtili, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1900
DULL PLAY WOE
INTERESTING BY
NEILL COMPANY
"A Bachelor's Romance"
Opens a Season That
Gives Promise.
West's Minstrels at the Columbia.
The Tivoli Revives "The Bo
hemian Girl"— "Quo Vadis"
to Be Continued.
"A Bachelor's Romance." in. which the
Nelll Company made Its first appearance
at the California last night, is a test of
the company, but not of Mr. Nelll.
We are promised a season of eight
weeks with these players, and the Impres
sion they made at their. premier appear
ance means much to them, and a great
deal to the theater-going public They
made an Impression last night that I was
glad to see and am happy to record. It
is their merit alone that saved the play
from being tiresome, for "A Bachelor's
Romance" Is not an exciting drama and
It would not sustain our Interest unless
it were handled artistically.
Yet. in spite of its lentor, there is a
subtle charm in the genuine sentiment and
humanness of the narrative and an in
sinuating pathos that is quite captivating.
The character of David Holmes is one
of opportunity and Mr. Nelll plays it with
a reserved art that is admirable. He
misses at times the humor that exudes
from the personality of Sol Smith Rus
sell, but his characterization is symmet
rical and quietly effective.
There is restraint In his work where re
straint should be, and he declines to over
act in scenes where all actors would be
tempted and most would fall. Benjamin
Howard has a good part as Gerald
Jriolmes, the philanderer, and there Is a
modernness about the character that gives
an interesting accent to the play. Mr.
Howard acts discreetly and well and in
company with Mr. Neill promises possibil
ities that I expect to find agreeably real
ized.
There are telling touches In the charac
ter of Martin Beggs, and Emmet Shackel
ford was consistently pleasing in the role.
His humor Is quaint and his acting of the
scene In which he meets disappointment
and failure as a competitor for a literary
prize could hardly be better. It has In It
the flavor of true art.
Julia Dean is natural and refreshing,
but the role of honor ends with her. for
the rest of the company is merely medio
cre. I might except John Barton, who
makes a good deal of a small part, and
Lillian Andrews, who does a clever char
acter; but George Bloomquest is impossi
ble, and neither Miss Chapman nor Miss
Lamkin. the stock-stunner of the com
pany, seems to be aware that It Is neces
sary for them to act.
PORTER GARNETT.
The "West Minstrels.
Carroll Johnson's song, "Your Moneys
No Good," caught on at the Columbia in
great shape last evening.. There were
many other songs, but this one was a
"warm" article in the West minstrel per
formance. There was the usual first part,
and it was during this that "Your Moneys
No Good" was heard. Richard Jose sang
several songs that were encored, the prin
cipal favorite being "The Blue and the
Gray," which has a queer and ingenious
blending of songs of the northland and
the southland In the orchestral accompa
niment, and the audience wanted more of
it than Jose would sing. John P. Rodgers
sang bass songs. Fred Warren sang "I've
Got Chicken on the Brain." There were
several good things in the first part. Then
the minstrel feature was practically
dropped and the programme was filled up
with varieties. Among the great hits of
the performance were the acrobatic acts
of the Luken brothers and the musical
and other oddities .of the three Morvelles.
both of which were excellent. The final
number was "The Storming of San Juan
Hill," semi-military and somewhat musi
cal, winding up with the tableau "Admiral
Dewey at Peace." Altogether the opening
of the West season was a success. There
was variety, quantity and quality. The
crowd filled the house very well and tho
various acts went oft briskly.
Orpteum.
The Orpheum was crowded last night,
as usual, and the bill presented was a
most enjoyable ore. Among the new
comers the Empire Comedy Four—Han
vey, Cooley, . Wilbur and Fuller— proved
the strongest attraction. Their singing is
admirable and the quiet humor inter
mingled with the songs Is catching. They
were recalled several times. Bobby Gay
lor, the well-known Irish comedian, was
greeted enthusiastically by his old-time
friends, who had gathered to enjoy his
racy talks and rollicking songs, and al
though suffering from a severe cold he
showed that- he > was as entertaining as
ever. The De Forests, whirlwind dancers,
are clever and graceful and their carica
ture of a Bowery boy and girl literally
brought down the house. Si Stebblns, a
conjuror-comedian is a novelty. He talks
amusingly and he does some wonderful
tricks with the cards with an ease that
is astonishing. Among -the hold-overs A.
L. Gullle, the famous tenor, was repeated
ly encored and it seemed as if the audi
ence could not get enough of him. Will
Matthews and Nellie Harris, In their far
cical creation, "Adam the Second"; Car
rie Behr. the singing soubrette; Vashti
Earl and Lulu Shepherd, comediennes,
and Harry Cogill and May Arlea, in their
musical comedy sketch, "A Warm
Lunch," completed the attractive bill.
Tivoli.
Balfe's pretty romantic opera, "The Bo
hemian Girl," was welcomed by an ap
preciative audience at the Ttvoll Opera
house last evening. Judging, from the ap
plause she received the hit of the evening
was made by Miss Frances Graham as
the queen of the gypsies, when she sang
"Bliss Forever Past." The lady was re
called several times. Another to receive
a full share of commendation was Will
iam Schuster, who took the part of Count
Arnheim. Tom Greene, the proscribed
Thaddeus, also had a number of pleasing
encores, particularly In "Then You'll Re
member me." Jull© Cotte.wlll be on to
night as Arllne. alternating with Annie
Myers. The opera is well presented and
the orchestra Is deserving of favorable
mention. "The Wizard of the Nile," by
the author of "The Idol's Eye," Is in pre
paration for next week and much is ex
pected of it. • ¦
Alcazar.
"Quo Vadls" began Its second week at
the Alcazar last night. The piece has
pleased the public and In . consequence
there was a crowded house. The actors
are now letter-perfect In their parts and
In consequence everything went with a
swing that was lacking in the opening
nights. •
Grand Opera-Honse.
"James Wobberts. I. S. 8. Boston," the
funny farce by Richard W. Tully of the
University of California, drew only a fair
house last night at the Grand Opera
house, but the audience was appreciative
and • sympathetic and heartily laughed at
the funny situations with which the farce
Is sprinkled. Mr. Southard as Tom Har
rington, Ella Viola Pattlani as Dulcie
Harrington, Miss Annie L. Holmes as the
widow, John W. S. Butler as Dan Dave-
H crealTo n a exhi bi bon here.
8 Easter suggestions:
§g -'udnut'B £ m - - f 3* <&: f«ter
jgjSl !icr?umerv. triple extract, in rol- nxings.
$5*3 lowlne odorß— r>Oc rer oz. : «T hats in exclusive st7>a In millinery
m white rose, lily of the valley, sw-t department; every bat dlfferen^.
Ea orchid, wood violet. Jock*> 'club. T*> w *
I*9 Ftephanotls, white lilac, white hello- sale rf sample all-linea handiercliiefs:
Kjj trope. 1200 different rattercs -5o
KM these are ?1 rer or.: elegrant tucked and arpUqned »Hk
Braj vlolft sec. renu d'efpayne, rnoresco, wa ist 3 now displayed $7.50 to $-t>
EM vlolette superba. spangled and beaded belts: white kid
EaSl hnhlc' " »re selllnt a New Tork pulley belts; the new "sarpho" belts;
ggs] """¦"' manufacturer's sample line the new stock and cascade neckwear:
EKS c'OfKR. P f cloaks for infants' and latest battenber*. arabian. renaissance
Bg3 children's and missies' pique re<"ffrs. an d i>oint de venise lace collars aad re-
forty per cent below regular prices, veres. >
JRy (see window.) tne new f re nch taffeta, resenca rtt>bon» '
ESS taster in our cloak and suit de- for the netk or «uh; number 60 per [
l&M *-»s» lcr " partment we show ready yard 4O ° E
gfeM COStUmes. to wear costumes and 1
E?« waists from *2O to 1?5)7.r,0. and from new •*• the latest conceit !n g
g&3 if.", to «27.50. both Quality and Btyle v -j,j n< , s JL I '^'" 1111 *" "** 8
IWWI are here. veiling**, them only here. £
Jlplllllllll store news : g^%^j£j£|:-
ScjA /^££s£s§sm&A Easter is here, new department open V>^££s&JH&Era t- ; -
T^LJTC > OUT APRIL 15, 1900.
1 Xlrl : ; .. ~~ . . |
!Th A QT^T-TD 1 Pages in Colors* $
ii/^l'OK': 9 Full-Page Illustrations. |
SUNDAY Every Page a Perfect Gem/ |
I Y^i ATT ' Every Story One of Human Interest* I
I >\^r\L*tL** r (ORDER NOW. ORDER NOW. ORDER NOW. ||:
CALL FOR JOINT
CONFERENCE OF
LOCAL LEADERS
Fourth and Fifth Republi
can Congressional Dis
trict Committees.
Sentiment Favorable to Open Prima
ries for Election of Delegates to
Conventions — Directions of
National Committee.
At the Palace Hotel to-morrow even
ing there will be a joint conference of the
Fourth and Fifth Republican Congres
sional District Committees. The call for
the conference is signed by Jospeh Spear
Jr.. chairman of the Fourth, and Max
Goldberg, chairman of the Fifth District
Committee. It is well understood that the
Joint committee wiil consider the question
of calling primary elections to choose del
egates to the district conventions. It has I
been suggested that the primaries in both
districts ehould be held on the same day.
The Republican State Central Committee
declined to advise the Congressional dis
trict committees on this question, as the
call of the National Republican Commit
tee clearly directed the manner of pro
cedure in tha various Congressional dis
tricts. The direction given by the National
Committee is as follows: .
The Congressional district dele
gates shall be elected by conventions
called by the Congressional commit
tee of each district in the manner of
nominating the candidates for Rep
resentative in Congress in said dis
trict.
There was some talk to the effect that
the Republican Assembly districts in
Banta Clara and San Mateo counties —
Fifth Congressional District— might ob
ject to primaries on the ground of the.ex
pense incident to that method of ascer
taining the wishes of electors. J. Alva
Watt, a member of the Fifth Congres
sional District Committee however, an
nounced at the recent meeting of the State
Committee that open primaries would be
held in all the San Francisco Assembly
districts embraced In the Fifth Congres
sional District. When the Fourth Con
gressional District Committee organized
at Pythian Castle a resolution was unani
mously adopted declaring in favor of open
primaries.
Rumors come from Alamefia County
that an effort will be made in the Third
Congressional District to induce the Con
irresslor.al committee of that district to
net aside the primary plan and adopt a
system of appointing delegates to the dis
trict convention. Advocates of the ap
pointive system should «?tudy the provi
sions of the call issued by the National
Committee. The words, "in the manner of
nominating the candidate for Representa
tive in Congress" mean something. -In
this State the manner of nominating a
candidate for Representative in Congress
is very well known. The system of pri
mary elections to choose delegates to nom
inating conventions has received the sanc
tion of law. The candidate for Represent
ative in Congress must, in order to have
his name on the official ballot, be nom
inated by a convention composed of dele
pates chosen at a primary election. The
direction in the call of the National Com
mittee relating to the "manner of nom
inating the candidates for Representative
In Congress" cannot, in the light of cus
tom and the law, be misunderstood.
It is true that the State primary elec
tion law does not In itself apply to pri
mary elections devised to elect delegates
to conventions called for the purpose . of
choosing delegates to a national conven
tion, but" it does apply to primary elec
tions held for the purpose of electing dele
gates to a convention called for the pur
pose of nominating a candidate for Repre
sentative in Congress. It is made applica
ble to the delegate nominating convention
by direction of the National Committee.
Delegates to the Congressional conven
tions, to be chosen within the next five
weeks, will have no voice whatever in
nominating candidates for Representa
tives in Congress. The Congressional
nominations must be made by delegates
chosen at primary elections, to be held on
the second Tuesday of August next. The
Congressional district conventions under
Immediate consideration will elect two
delegates from each district to attend the
National Republican Convention at Phila
delphia on June 19. Tne delegates com
prising the various Congressional district
conventions will also assemble at Sacra
mento on May 15 as a State convention
and elect four delegates at large to repre
sent California In the Philadelphia con
vention, and also select a new State Cen
tral Committee to conduct the affairs
the campaign. . • - -
The plan of creating conventions by ap
pointment is not acceptable to the voters
of the Republican party. The people want
the opportunity of participating in the
contest for delegates. For that reason
primary elections. are popular. The sys
tem received the Indorsement of legisla
tive enactment because the voters of both
political parties demanded the right ! to
choose delegates to nominating conven
tions.
About the greatest political mistake a
Congressional committee could make at
this time would be to deny to the people
tho right of choosing men to represent
them In the convention called for the pur
pose of selecting delegates to the Repub
lican National Convention. Considering
the language of the official call of the Na
tional Committee it is doubtful if . dele
pates chosen under the appointive system
would be permitted to take th^elr seats If
a contesting delegation chosen under the
primary manner should ask for recogni
tion. ¦ ¦ . . •
Club Delegates Elected.
The Bear Club has elected the following
named delegates to the League Conven
tion of Republican Clubs to assemble at
Los Angeles. April^: Judge E. A. Bel
cher, Joseph C. Campbell, G. W. Collins
and Henry C. Dibble.
The' Phoenix Republican Club' met last
night,- A. L. Hart presiding, and elected
the following named delegates, to the Los
Angeles convention: • ¦ • -
C. F. Curry, A. L. Hart, J. A. McKenna,
Thomas C. Maher, T. D. Riordan. T. V.
Cator, George A. Knight, T.-V. Eddy, C.
W. Kyle, M. H. Smith, Charles A. Low,
A. J. Fiske. Thomas O'Neil. B. I. Salo
mon, J. W. Phillips. J. H. Healy. Thomas
Morton. Thomas Eaearr, Frank W. Web
ster.-O. O. Weber. James Baclgalupl. E.
C. Palmier!, A. J. Martin. Thomas J. Dor-
Ran, Thomas McDermot. Charles Clear,
J. B. Olsen and C. G. Groezlnger.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest rcarket;rates. 101 Montgomery- *
¦ ? «
Danger From Electricity.
During the recent fire at Eighth- and
Bryant streets th« lives 6f- the- firemen*
and civilians were endangered by broken
electric wires. . To obviate this danger in
future it is proposed to .utilize an iron
hook to carry off the electricity, on the
same system as the lightning rod. The
hook will be attached to the live wire and
the current run into the ground a block
or two from the burning buildings.
The Boston Shoe Company
vv 111 open their sale to-morrow and will
sell ladies'-flne kldshoes worth $2 50. for
only $1 00 a pair, at 775 Market street. •
. ? . ¦;-
In the Divorce Court.
Ida L>. Donovan has been granted a di
vorce from Charles F. Donovan on the
ground of extreme cruelty. ;• Judge Heb
bard has made an order In the action of
Josephine Cobb'for a divorce' from Harry
D. M. Cobb, in which he orders the de
fendant to pay the plaintiff alimony In the
6um of J3i) a - month. Ellen Eiche was
granted a divorce yesterday from Chris
tian P. Elche on the ground of extreme
cruelty. , ¦- . .
With army officers Jecs* Moor* "AA" whis-
key la a vtrjr popular drink.-. . -,"".¦
SYLVA'S LETTER
IS TOO MUCH
FOR MR. DUNAND
Witness Weakens Percepti
bly in His Second Cross-
Examination.
Sausalito Trustee Wanted Money as
a Eetainer After H« Received •
the Two Hundred Dollar
Check.
Louis F. Dunand spent another day on
the stand in the Fair case now being con
ducted before Judge Troutt. " When court
j was convened yesterday morning he took
j his place in the witness chair and when
the time for adjournment had arrived he
was still there, the attorneys not having
finished tvith his testimony. Judge
Fletcher A. Cutler of Del Norte, through
the courtesy of Judge Troutt, sat on the
Judicial bench during the .forenoon and
was an attentive listener.
• Dunand was not as positive in- his tes
timony as he was during the preceding
days. In regard to a letter written ;by
him to Sylva he tripped overman out
stretched rope and floundered for a time.
Pence was a bit more vigorous in his
cross-examination, taking advantage of
the shaky condition of the witness.
Much of the ground gone over yester
day was a repetition of former testimony.
Dunand's meetings with 'Mrs. Craven,
Pence, Simpton, Foote and Sylva 'were
gone over in detail. The affidavit made
by Simpton In Attorney Foote's office was
produced and Identified, the ¦" well-worn
facts of which have all been told before.
A few legal altercations between attor
neys and the rising anger of the witness
at some of the remarks •of L>afe Pence
were the only relieving element to an ex
tremely dull day. , .
Pence surprised the witness by produc
ing an undated letter which was signed
by Sylva. Dunand admitted that he re
ceived It after the original check of $200
from Mrs. Craven had been received by
Sylva. Both Dunand and' Sylva had pre
viously testified that the check was draft
ed by Mrs. Craven with a view of retain
ing Sylva as her attorney. The letter puts
the lie upon this declaration. It is as fol
lows: •
Louis F. Dunand, Esq., San Francisco, Cal.—
Dear Sir: Having been retained by Mrs. Net
tle R. Fair as counsel and attorney in her
suit against the Fair estate 1 think that a
demand .of $250 is a reasonable amount as
a retainer inasmuch as I - may have ¦ to ex
pend the greater part of that money in the
securing of such testimony, as may be neces
sary in the proper presentation of the case
In behalf of the plaintiff. Hoping 'that Mrs.'
Fair will agree with my views In' the premise*
I remain, yours very truly, A. SYLVA. I
Pence pressed Dunand on the part he
played in the $30,000 contract and some
strong questions were asked of the wit
ness.
"Did you know that a section of the
Code of Civil Procedure provides for the
disbarment of an attorney who lends his
name to another to act as an attorney?"
asked Pence.
"I never knew till now, your reading
of the section," responded Dunand.
"How were you going to enforce this
Hen for 430,000?"
"I never thought of it, because I did not
presume It would come to this," was the
answer.
"Had you In mind at that time, if it be
came necessary, that you would make
your oath that the contract was bona fide
and, that you would hold It out against
money collected in a judgment?" asked
Pence. ; *
"I never gave it a thought," responded
Dunand. . . ¦-- . ..... ,
"How else would you have recovered
It?" persisted Pence. .. . - -? -.
"I never gave it a thought. .Some tim«
after I told Sylva that I did not think
the contract would do him any good, but
he was willing to take his chances."
McEnerney took the witness on redirect
examination, concluding without develop
ing any new facts. The case will go on
to-day, when Sylva will be put upon the
stand again.
HEALTH BOARD OPPOSED
BY CHINESE RESIDENTS
Suit Is Filed to Restrain the Execu
tion of an Order to Move in
.Ten Days.
The Board of Health Is experiencing
some difficulty in its efforts to cleanse
Chinatown. Suit was filed yesterday by
Louie Ol Dip and Hong She to restrain
the board from compelling them to move
from their home in the basement at S23Vi
Sacramento street. In their petition to re
strain the board plaintiffs say that they
have lived at the premises named for sev
eral years and have reared a family of
five children there. Recently the^oard of
Health visited the premises, and conclud
ing that they were unsanitary posted on
the walls the following notice:
DEPARTMENT OP PUBLIC HEALTH,
CITY OF SAN FRANCISCO, April 1, 1900.
NOTICE.
Occupants of this . basement are hereby no
tified that the Board of Health has decided
that hereafter no persons will be permitted
to sleep in underground lodging's. You must
therefore move out of this place within ten
days. A. P. O'BRIEN, Health Officer.
J. A. BROWN, Secretary.
After quoting the above notice, plaintiffs
say that the premises in question are not
unsanitary, and they pray that the board
be restrained from interfering with them
In their occupation of their home. ~A nom
inal bond was offered by the plaintiffs and
the case will be called for adjudication in
the near. future.
¦ . • m *
¦ Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails.- Try It. All druggists. •
Battered a Cripple.
.Theodore Rlsto, a man who sells papers,
was convicted of battery by Judge Conlan
yesterday and ordered Into custody to ap
pear for sentence . this morning. • Sunday
morning Robert Harnwell, : a crippled
newsboy/ was selling papers at Third and
Market streets .when Rlsto threw, him Into
the street. Eugene Harnwell.. brother of
the cripple, remonstrated with' Rlsto, and
he was also thrown into the street. Police
man .Harris appeared on the scene, and
while Eugene was explaining to him. what
had happened Risto struck him on the
head. , ....-.,'
Acquitted of Manslaughter.
-James O'Connor, a teamster, who was
charged with manslaughter for 'driving
over, and killing John Zu*ckerman' at Sec
ond and Market streets,. was acquitted by
Judge Fritz yesterday. Zuckeririan' fell
from a crowded Haight street car In front
6t O'Connor's wagon. The Judee held that
O'Connor was In no way responsible for
Zuckerman's death.
. : ¦ ? ¦ '.';/:•
. Our. work and methods made many firms rich.
Our printing wins. MyseH-RolUns, 22 Clay. •
• ¦-• ¦ -• • ; ;; — \ a m — ' -
Acquitted of Murder.
John de Bono, , a Sutter street florist,
charged with the murder of Joseph G.
Murphy, a teamster, tv/as . acquitted by
Judge Conlan yesterday on the ground
that he acted In self-defense. De Bono
and • Murphy > quarreled ; on March 13 and
Murphy threw a vase at him. De Bono
picked up r. pair of -florist's shears and
stabbed Murphy with them. Murphy went
to his work the following day,' but subse
quently waa taken to St. Mary's Hospital,
where he died two weeks later. ;¦- .
Easter Cards: Beautiful line of entire-
ly new designs at Sanborn'& Vall's.- 1 •
Battered a Conductor.
. Grant- Israel, a saloon keeper, had some
trouble with Patrick Dal ton, conductor on
a Market street car,' at Eddy >' street \yes
terday afternoon and struck the conductor
on the; head with his cane.. Policeman
Deeley placed Israel under ; arrest on the
charge of battery. . He was promptly re
leased on cash baiL . i
12
through America and Is well known to tho
musical world of this continent. He was
last here with Henri Marteau during the
season of 1597-S.
MARK HAMBOURO.
HOT often In a big city do vice,
degeneracy and Fin flourish within
the shadows of a Hall of Justice.
Close to the new municipal build-
Ing on the corner cf Kearny and Wash
ington streets are a number of the lowest
and vilest resorts that blot this city's
Ftre^ts. They are underground for the
most part, buried beneath the sidewalks
which cover but cannot hide the obscene
exhibitions, the abandon of all show of
decency and the steeping in vice and sin
that goes on in these place unhampered
by police interference.
This Is the Barbary Coast, frequented
by men and women of the lowest degree
In the social scale. Outcasts of society—
women who no longer hold a respectable
place in the community— are the denizens
of these dives. Some of them furnish an
entertainment of such cheap and stupid
character that even the belated and igno
rant patron drops into a profound slumber.
But the show is not the drawing card in
Barbary Coast dives. The dance hall
variety, such as the resort owned by W.
M. Sears, SlOH> Kearny street, is nothing
but a polished floor; an orchestra that
sir.s nightly against all laws of music; a
bar and a man behind it, and half a dozen
women who have made no pretense of de
cency for many years. Profanity flows
from their lips with every other word and
Indecent exhibitions are given without the
aFklnjr.
The patron may enter this dive without
remission price, but he is expected to
drink. When he displays an inclination to
"buy" he is not left alone in his potations.
With a charity of heart that is illimitable,
the women, who feel that companionship
is a blessing for the man, gather about
him and show their interest in his wel
fare by drinking out of the same bottle.
It means a commission to the women.
But that Is the last thing In the world
they think of.
There is an ordinance now in effect
¦which prohibits women from drinking at
NORTH SIDE VARIETY HOUSE WHICH THE VICIOUS FREQUENT.
the bars. Sometimes the ordinance is ob
served, but more often it is not. "When
the female and necessary adjuncts of
these halls show a regard for the law
they line up a few feet from the bar and
then guzzle all the beer or whisky that
the patron will pay for. If the "buyer"
cares to dance, why he may have a dance
for the price of a drink— for two, as the
woman Is always included in dance hall
hospitality.
The cleanest, newest, brightest of all
the dance halls on the Coast is the Co
lumbia, 630 Pacific street. These qualifi
cations apply only to the outward, mate
rial appearance and not to the female
fixtures, who ply the same vocation as
their sisters on Kearny street. A dance
for a drink and a drink for a commission
Is their watchword. Whenever the drink
is bought the woman receives a brass
check. Beer is sold In this resort at 50
cents a bottle, the commission of the
woman amounting to a fair proportion.
From the dance hall to the dive, a quad
ruple extract of indecency and almost pu
trescent In moral decay. Is but a short
step in this neighborhood. Perhaps the
foulest specimen of dive in the Coast dis
trict is the North Side Variety House on
the southeast corner of Jackson and
Kearny streets. Rough pine boards run-
ning the length of the hall, with chairs
on either side and a stage at the south
end, a bar unclean, the floor covered with
slimy expectorations, and the west side
of the hall a line of boxes, make a com
posite and fit setting to the \vlckedne3S
and, foul practices that occur nightly In
this den.
The women exhibit themselves In the
boxes, "flagging" casual acquaintances
and strangers as soon as they enter the
hall. Drink Is their object, for this alone
Is the source of revenue. Soldiers and
sailors reeling under an overcharged bur
den of liquor are the subjects upon which
these harpies prey with unremitting suc
cess.
Hands that know where pockets are to
be found dip into the clothes of the un
fortunate and inebriated visitor who had
too much aboard to realize his condition,
and he is separated from his money with
out the material discomfort that would
accrue with purchases of beer for the
women.
Vying with the North Side Variety
House in foul, pestilential immorality Is
the Montana Dance Hall, 923 Kearny
street. Here hardened women and vile
men spend the night, each assisting the
other to drive their nefarious bargains
and take the money of the visitor one
way or the other If he be imbecile enough
to fall Into their tolls.
These resorts are but types of what ex
ist on the Coast. It Is an Augean stable,
easy to be made subject of a clean sweep
if the police make against it with steady
purpose. ,-•.¦• I --. . •-.