for foreign possessions shall grow, the standing army shall be correspondingly increased,
not only to maintain our subjugated, our foreign possessions, but for the purpose of holding
tha people at home under bayonet rule so that the new aristocracy based upon wealth shall
hive complete sway within the limits of our country. Then the efforts of the Government
and of the people were expended in developing our own country, in reclaiming its arid lands,
in opening its mines,' in felling its forests, in developing new homes for itself. They be
lieved that land ownership made "the- better citizen and imbued the citizen with a deeper love
of country. Now ,the. power, of this Government is diverted from development at home to sub
jugation and oppression abroad. Then there was no question but that the constitution covered
every citizen and protected every square mile of territory over which this Government held
control. •
Then the trusts were practically unknown. .Now, they are a fierce consuming power,
driving out of business all small dealers and shutting the door of trade' in the face of every
class except millionaires. Then we had a standing army of but 30,000 men. »Now w« have' an
armed force in the Held of more than 100,000/ and now. there is a -.threat that the _ standing
army, for whatever use it may be put, shall not be lessened in numbers, and as the greed
The Democrats in 1896 nominated Mr. Bryan. The People's party a" month later nomi
nated Mr. Bryan. They tell me that the nomination of Mr. Bryan by our people was a con
cession to Democracy, that the People's party displayed a wonderful magnanimity, and for
bearancs in taking up the candidate of another party. I say no, we did not, nominate Mr.
Bryan to please the Democrats. We cared not what their? will or their pleasure was. The
People's party, standing on its platform, would have been untrue to itself, untrue to its prin
ciples, had itnominated any other man; had it refused to give all its power and influence for
theelection of aPresident imbued with the true, spirit of Jeffersonian Democracy, .which is the
same thing, if not in name, at least in spirit, as the spirit of populism declared at Omaha.
If there was a necessity, if it was the Populists' duty in 1896 to co-operate with the Demo
cratic and Silver Republican parties for the election of Mr. Bryan, how much greater is that
necessity now. In 1896 imperialism had not even.shovm its head. Now it is a cloud covering
the American heavens and pledging the American Government to a system of subjugation and
spoliation of other peoples, wherever the lustful eye of a grasping administration may
rest upon them. .";,), , Cii!^
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., May 10.— The speech of : Thomas M. Patterson of Colorado upon becoming
permanent chairman of the fusion Populist convention to-day created much comment and was
loudly Applauded by the delegates. After reviewing the troubles of the party, Chairman Patter
son said: • ' . ; . . • ,
CHAIRMAN PATTERSON CRIES OUT
AGAINST ADMINISTRATION'S POLICY
Continued on Second Page.
It was Immediately moved to suspend
the rules,' but the motion was lost on a
standing vote and Chairman Patterson acl
Howard S. Taylor of Illinois made an
Impassioned appeal in favor of an imme
diate nomination and urged that Charles
A. Towne be the nominee, calling him the
"Chevalier Bayard of 1S96."
¦ "There could be no more fitting running
mate for Mr. Bryan," said Taylor. :
The Senator, hoarse -but determined
against postponing action and waiting: on
the decision of the Democratic party, ar
gued earnestly for the nomination of a
candidate for Vice President.
"Then," .said Senator Butler, "I hope
that the convention will never put It be
hind it." (Cheers.)
Senator Butler then moved to proceed
to the nomination of Vice President, "if
the chair rules that the original motion
is still before the convention."
"The original motion is before the
house," said Chairman Patterson.
Brown of Massachusetts offered to with
draw in favor of the Simpson amendment
his original motion of pushing the conven
tion to a vote, but it was ruled that the
motion had been made the subject of de
bate and could not be withdrawn.
Then came a long argument over amend
ments, substitutes, amendments to amend
ments, and the convention became tangled
up in a maze'of parliamentary procedure.
Jerry Simpson offered a substitute to the
amendment of General Weaver providing
that if no man was agreed at the
Kansas City conference the National
Committee should select, a candidate.
POPULISTS' NATIONAL
' 'COMMITTEE,
SIO.TJX FALLS. S. D., May
io.- — The national /committee ap
pointed to-niRht includes: *'¦'
Arizona — - A.' Noon.
California— B. Connell, E. S.
Van Meter, E. M. Wardall.
Colorado— J. C. ¦: Bell. I. D.
Chamberlain. Leo Vincent.
Idaho— Henry Heitfeld. W. H.
Taylor, Mary. A. Wright.-
Montana — J. H. Calderhead, T.
S. Hogan, Jerry Conley.
Oxegon— Ernest Kroner, W.
R. King, J. C. Coop.
•Washington — Augustus II.
High, T. W. Way, F. S. Merrill.
for conference and that if no man accept
able to the People's party was selected at
the conference the committee should se
lect a nominee.
General Weaver of Iowa offered a sub
stitute for the motion of Brown and the
amendment of Washburn that It was the
sense of the convention that no nomina
tion be made at the present time. He
desired that a committee of one man from
each State should proceed to Kansas City
Washburn of Massachusetts offered an
amendment to the motion of Mr. Brown
that five names be selected as men accept
able to the People's party and that a com
mittee be sent with these names to confer
with "the Democrats and Silver Republi
cans at Kansas City on July 4, with the
understanding that the name selected at
that conference should be the nominee of
the People's party for Vice President.
Instantly there was confusion. The one
point upon which the convention could
expect a fight was before It. There were
loud cries of "Pettigrew," but the' chair
recognized E. Gerry Brown of Massa
chusetts, who moved that the convention
proceed to nominate a candidate for Vice
President by ballot. There were numer
ous seconds from the' body of the conven
tion, and Senator Butler of North Carolfna
made a seconding speech from the plat
form. . •
"The next thing on the programme."
said Chairman Patterson, "is, according
to the rules adopted, to take action re
garding the nomination of a Vice PresI
dent."
Another cheer greeted this announce
ment, and then the delegates settled in
their seats to fight over the question of a
Vice Presidential nominee.
"I announce the nomination by a unanU
mous vote of William Jennings Bryan for
President of the United States," said
Chairman Patterson as soon as he could
be heard.
As one man th$ convention arose, hats,
canes, umbrellas and flags were waved in
the, air amid deafening cheers, the uproar
being increased by the band playing "Ola
Hundred."
Amid the din that followed Senator Al
len'a motion and its seconding the speak
er's voice was faintly heard calling on
those delegates who favored the motion to
rise and remain standing.
"Mr. Chairman," said he, amid perfect
silence, "I move that the rules of this
convention be stispended and that William
Jennings Bryan be nominated by accla
mation for President of the United
States."
Delegate Olds of Pennsylvania, now S6
years old, who voted for Henry Clay In
1S44 and is nov.- for William J. Bryan, was
next Introduced. Olds, bent and white
bearded, s=aid he had walked a thousand
miles to vote for Henry Clay in 1S44. "I
came 1000 miles to vote for William J.
Bryan in this convention," said Mr. Olds,
"and I hope you will not allow me to be
defeated, as I was In 1S44."
Cries of "We Tvon't" greeted Mr. Olds
as ho sat down. AK. Jones of Illinois as
sured the convention that his State would
give Mr. Bryan a majority in November.
Senator Allen of Nebraska stepped for
ward.
The chair recognized "Cyclone" Davis
of Texas and a shout went up as the tall
form of Mr. Davis loomed up on his way
to the platform.
Jerry Simpson was then announced amid
visrorous applause. It was enough, he
said, to say of Mr. Bryan that he had
risen head and shoulders above his com
peers in the Democratic party, and that
he had also captured the People's Party
as well. Mr. Bryan, he declared, repre
sented the struggle for human rights, anil
he wanted the Populists to stand by him
and do all in their power to elect him,
thus taking the first step toward restor
ing the country to its old-time glory.
veteran from Iowa came forward to sec
ond the nomination of Mr. Bryan.
The rules of the party In u«e are approved:
the division of the country into seven districts
and sub-districts to facilitate organization: all
delegate conventions for nominating candidates
and rreparing platforms to be abolished. In
stead nomination and platforms and amend
ments thereto shall be made by direct vote of
the political subdivisions affected thereby.
Party organization shall consist of a national
committee of three members from each State,
to be chosen by the State Central Committee: a
Congressional committee of three for each dis
trict to be chosen by direct vote at the primar
ies; a committee of three from each township
or ward to be chosen by direct vote at the
primaries each year. The national. State, Con
gressional and county committees to perform
the rame duties as heretofore. The unit of or
ganization shall be the precinct club, of which
any voter may become a member by subscribing
to the Platform and rules of this organization.
Any one proposing fusion with either the Re
publican or Democratic party shall, on the
vote of his club, be deemed outside of the party.
The State platform may be changed only by
direct vote of the precinct club and the national
platform only by the clubs ratified by direct
vote of the people. No salaried office holder
shall be elected to any committee. Any chair
man may be re-elected by the Imperative man
dates of the league clubs of his constituency.
It was. provided that this plan should be modi
fied by laws of States to conform with sai<i
laws. \ '
As soon as the foregoing plan had been
accepted Chairman Felton read the plat
form formulated; by his committee. Joel
Parker of Kentucky offered an amend
ment plank- opposing trusts and favoring
public ownership - of public utilities. Sev
eral of the members of the committee on
resolutions opposed any change in the
platform. After a rather extended debate
Parker's amendment was adopted.
J. B. Osborne of Nebraska declared that
the declaration for' the free coinage of
gold and silver was practically a demand
creating a special privilege, and he moved
to strike out that portion of the platform.
, A motion. to lay his motion on the table
carried by a large majority of 530 to S2.
The platform. was then adopted practical
ly by unanimous vote.
Nominations for the Presidency were
then declared In. order.
Professor J. A. Boyce of Nebraska
placed In nomination former Congressman
Milford W. Howard of Alabama.
General Phllipps of Georgia, the famous
The middle-of-the-road plan of organi
zation, which was presented to the con
vention early In the day by the committee
on organization and unanimously adopted,
follows:
Followers of Social Democracy and
Eugene V. Debs for the Presidency of the
United States found small comfort in the
convention, which they had hoped a few
days ago would Indorse their Idol. Three
of them — W. E. Farmer of Texas, A. W.
Rleker and L. M. Morris of Iowa— left" th«»
convention after ' the nominations had
been completed, and it was reported would
support the Debs ticket, but their action
attracted no attention whatever.
After having been in session contin
uously with the exception of twenty min
utes' recess from 8:30 a. m. to 4:40 p. m.,
the convention was v then declared ad
journed sine die.
' A- motion was. Just about to prevail to
make Park's selection unanimous when
Howard, In an eloquent address, present
ed the name of J. A. Parker of Kentucky.
His words and praise of Parker was about
the strongest thing heard on the floor and
won for that young man the unanimous
selection for the national chairmanship.
tory flowed freely from side to side, while
the hungry delegates Journeyed from
time to time to a free lunch counter in
the vicinity. The motion was finally car
ried and Milton Park of Texas, the re
tiring: national chairman, was placed In
nomination.
The next order of business was the mat
ter of national, commltteemen and the se
lection of a chairman for that body. This
precipitated the fight against the Barker
ites anew. A motion was made that the
convention proceed , to elect a. chairman of
the national- committee, instead of pur
suing the ordinary course of allowing the
committee to select its -own leader. It
was plainly a fight between the Barker
and opposition factions for the control of
the ; party machinery t although many
speakers 'were 'In favor of the convention
selecting a national chairman, because of
what they termed the mistakes of the
past. After a long parliamentary wrangle
the motion was withdrawn and the selec
tion of national committeemen by the
State 1 delegations was completed. A fresh
motion was then' made by Mr. Howard
that the convention proceed to the elec
tion of a national chairman. Fiery ora-
"Without a . dissenting voice Ignatius
Donnelly was declared Vice Presidential
nominee.
On the second ballot Howard's plainly
stated desire for harmony took effect and
the seventy votes which went to Don
nelly on the first rollcall were gradually
worked over to the Barker, column,' it
being understood that Donnelly's name
had been withdrawn, although the Min
nesota delegation protested against tho
withdrawal. Minnesota was passed at its
own request, and when the other States
had voted It was apparent that the forty
eight votes of Minnesota could settle
everything In a harmonious manner by
going to Barker. They were cast for
Barker and gave hlm % the requisite major
ity over all. The generous Howard moved
to make the selection of Barker unani
mous, which was done.
To-day, as the time drew near for the
nominations, word was quietly parsed,
confirmed by Howard himself, that the
Barker following would bolt the conven
tion should their leader be turned down.
Owing to the fact that the Alabama dele
gation could not support Mr/ Howard mat
ters were further complicated. Howard
took the only course for the restoration
of harmony. He announced that he had
no ambition to head the ticket and came
to Cincinnati without the slightest expec
tation of being named. Then he with
drew his name. Nevertheless, when the
rollcall was completed on the first ballot
Howard was at the top of the column
only a few short of the nomination.
S-*\ INCIXXATI, May 10.— Above is the
I ticket placed in the field to-day by
I what is commonly known as the
I . middle-of-the-road Populist party,
>f . but which, according to leaders of
the movement, Is the one and only
People's party. Kor a time during to
day's session of the conve-ntlon it ap
peared as if nothing could prevent a com
plete disruption of the plans so carefully
wrought out py the handful of men who
separated themselves on February 19 last
at Lincoln, Nebr., from the fusionist ele
ment of the People's party. Since Tues
day, when "Wharton Barker, who had been
selected In 1S0S by the initiative and refer
endum plan to head the party ticket, a
steady current against the cut and dried
choice of Barker and Donnelly had almost
destroyed the foundation upon which that
ticket stood. Former Congressman How
¦nrd of Alabama, had suddenly become tho
Idol of an apparently winning number of
delegates, and he clinched his claims on
the Presidential nomination through his
eloquent address in assuming the tem
porary chairmanship of the convention on
Wednesday.
For President — Wharton Barker of
Pennsylvania.
For Vics-President — Ignatius Don
nelly of Minnesota.
Former Congressman Howard
of Alabama Restores Har
mony and Throws His Own
Following toWharton Barker.
Debs\Name Silently Received.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., May 11.— The
National Populist Convention con
cluded its session at 1 o'clock this
morning and adjourned sine^ die
after nominating the Hon. W. J-
Bryan for President and the Hon. Charles
A. Towne for Vice President. The nomi
nation of Mr. Tcwne wa6 only accom
plished after a struggle of several hours"
duration, in which an effort was made to
have the question of the nomination of
a Vice Presidential candidate referred to
a committee to confer with the Demo
cratic ar;d silver Republican parties in
their national conventions. A motion to
this effect was defeated by a vote of 26S
to 452.
Both candidates were nominated by ac
clamation, but before the result was
reached various candidates were placed
in nomination and their names succes
sively withdrawn. Both nominations
were accomplished amid scenes of great
enthusiasm.
PBOCEEDINGS IN DETAIL.
SIOUX FALLS. S. D.. May 10.— The
lonp financial plank of the platform, in
cluding the denunciation of the recent
banking law, and especially the demand
for the free coinage of silver at the ratio
of 16 to 1. was received with wild cheer
ing. The demand for an inheritance tax
.also received a round of applause. Vig
orous cheering was also accorded the
reading of. the plank on transportation,
the demand for the abolishment of all
tariffs on "trust goods" and the indorse
ment of the initiative and referendum.
Cries of "good! good!" greeted the de
nunciation of the administration's Philip
pine policy and the Porto Rican tax.
When that portion of me plank extend
ing sympathy to the South African re
publics and denouncing any alliance with
foreign powers was read the convention
broke into wild applause, lasting for some
time. Indorsement of the municipal own
ership of public utilities received but
faint applause, but vigorous handclapplng
ensued when direct election of United
States Senators was demanded.
At the conclusion of the reading of the
platform. Jerry Simpson moved that the
platform be adopted as read and the com
mittee discharged. The motion received
half a dozen seconds.
"The platform Is adopted by unanimous
vote." announced Speaker Patterson.
"The next thing In th*» convention." said
he. "is the presentation of the names of
candidates for the nomination for the of
fice of President of the United States."
Then, without pausing or calling for any
roll of States, he went on: "I have the
pleasure of Introducing Senator Allen of
Nebraska."
This could mean but one man and that
was Bryan, and before Senator Allen
could come to the front of the platform
the convention was on Its feet cheering
frantically, waving flags, hats and hand
kerchiefs. .
The speech of Senator Allen was brief
and to the point. .
The announcement of Bryan's name was
the signal for another enthusiastic out
burst. The Minnesota delegation hoisted
a large star having the portrait of Mr.
Bryan In the center and the convention
cheered again more vigorously than, be
fore.
When his voice could be heard. Chair
man Patterson announced: "I have the
pleasure to Introduce General James B.
Weaver of Iowa."
An outburst of cheers ran«j out as the
For President — "William J. Bryan
of Nebraska.
For Vice-President — Charles A.
Towne of Minnesota.
Bryan Easily Nominated for
President by the Fusion Pop
ulists, but There Is a Lively
Row Over Towne for Vice
President.
A dispatch from Lord Roberts, dated
Zand River Camp, May 9, says: "I have
received a most cheery telegram from
Baden-Powell Cated April 27."
A later . dispatch dated Cable Cart,
May 10, says* "We are now across
the Zend River. The enemy are In
full retreat. They occupied a poeition
only twenty mlies in length. Ours was
necessarily longer. Because of the wide
ly scattered force it will take some time
to learn the casualties, but I am hopeful
»<> have not suffered much. The cavalry
and horse artillery are pursuing the Boers
by three different routes."
LONDON, May lO.-Lord Roberts tele
graphs to the War Office from WelgeJe
fren. under dat.. cf May 9. evening, as fol
lows: "Pole-Carew's and Tucker's divis
ions, Hamilton's column of heavy naval
and royal garrison artillery guns and
four brigades of cavalry marched here to
day. The enemy hold the opposite bank
of the Zand River. Thoir strength will be
ascertained to-morrow, when I hope to be
abJe to force a passage of the river."
ROBERTS CROSSES
THE ZAND RIVER
General Hutton had a series of artillery
duri?., the Boers always retiring. Twenty
Boenwerc taken prisoners. The advance
continues.
The British less Is Insignificant.
RIETSPRUIT. Thursday. May IP.
morning— The Boers opposed the British
advance, holding positions north of Zand
drift back along the whole line, from Gen
rral Hamilton on the east and General
Hutton on the west. Chiefly artillery was
engaged. The Sussex Regiment charged
a kopje at the point of the bayonet, and
th»- East Laneashires captured another.
"It is impossible to ascertain the Boer
losses, but they are thought to be heavy.
Those of the British, considering the im
portant advance made, axe considered
light."
"The rear guard of the end of the Bo<-rs,
•with their puns, resisted the advance. The
mounted Infantry, two batteries and pom
poms, cleared the way. and the Third
Cavalry Brigade acted as a screen lK.fore
the main column. General French was on
the left and General Hamilton on the
right. The Boers had destroyed all the
bridges during their retreat.
LONDON. May 11. -The Daily Express
In its second rditlon this morning pub
lishes a dispatch dated RIetspruit. May 19,
morning, describing the cropping of the
Zand River by the British. It say*:
Boers Are Sail to Have Lost
Heavily Resistini tie Ad
vancing British.
BATTLE OF THE ZA1.
thousand Boers under command of
Ckneral Steyn are reported to be east
of Thaba Uchu. A battle is immi
nent.
LONDON. May 11. 4:45 a. m.—Mem
bers cf the House of Commons were
freely betting In the lobbies last
evening that Lord Roberts would
be 5n Pretoria In two months. From
J5.00 to y,/. r ) i? t':e bfptiost estimate of
the Boers under the post command of
General Botha, who is said to have 46
guns. Lord Roberts Is liaid
after this force with 25.000 men and 140
pur.s, and 20,000 more men are easily avail
able.
The correspondents are confined in their
narratives to events two or three days
old. fo far as Lord Roberts Is concerned.
President Stc-yn, with 10.000 men. is re
ported to have been east of Thaba Nchu
yesterday (Thursday) noon and a battle
was then imminent. The advance troops
of General Rundle and General Brabant
were btir.g fired on. •
Parties of Boers are still holding the
mountains adjacent to Springfield. New
Zealand scouts burned the homestead of
a farmer named Greyllng. in whose house
itrros were found at Deering.
During a concert for the sufferers from
the Begbie works explosion, given Satur
day evening at Pretoria in the Gaiety
Theater, the doors were suddenly closed
and every man in the audience was com
rcandeered. AH the horses were taken
from the conveyance? outside.
Half the foreign merchants at Lourenzo
Marqucz held an indignation meeting to
protect against the new regulation!.
*bf>r«hj- Wankets. <"JothiE« and "bully"
liot* are declared contraband. Twelve
th<-.us:tnd cases of supplies are in bond
there, and much more is expected. Two
French vessels carrying poods consigned
to Lycienburg have been siopivjil.
The alarmist tone of Lord Salisbury's
T'r.ir.rose League spocth Wotacnday wm*
beeo much discussed in the lobbies of
Parliament, and the Impression is that
the apprehensions of the Premier are
even more eericus than he expressed. His
i:t«-rarices are ascribed to the recent suc
cesses of the Nationalists In France,
hatred of England being one of the weap
ons of the campaign. The revival of mili
tary glory, one of the Ideals set up in
Trance, is regarded as dangerous to Eng
land.
Bpwta.1 cabl? to The Call and Xnr Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Ccmpanv,
THABA NCHU, May 10.— Ten
ADVANCE TROOPS FIRED ON
•
Members of the House Freely Wager
That Lord Roberts Will Be in
Pretoria "Within Two
Months.
Thousands Under General
Steyn Have Gathered at
Thaba Nchu.
BOERS IN
LINE FOR A
BIG BATTLE
R. M. Chenault of Kansas seconded tlm
nomination of Howard. He was followed
by J- A. Parker, who also seconded How
ard's nomination.
Former Governor Waite of Colorado
seconded the nomination of Howard and
made the allegation that the Western
States were now returning good for evil
In Indorsing a Southern man, despite tho"
fact, as he put It, that the South had
forced Weaver on the West In 1S02.
Dr. Hill of Oregon seconded Howard's
nomination.
Then followed the balloting, which re
sulted tn the choice of Barker and Don
nelly as- the middle-of-the-road ticket.
Between the first and second ballots
Chairman Crowe of the Alabama delega
gatlon created an uproarious scene by
charging Governor Walte of Colorado
with insulting the Southern delegates ia
his reference' to the nomination of
Weaver. Howls and catcalls came from
every direction, and the chairman found
It Impossible to restore order. Walta
struggled down the allies to the orches
tra circle and In a feeble voice, which,
was heard only by those a few feet from
him stated that his remarks had been,
misunderstood, and that If the delegate*
from Alabama construed them as Chair
man Crowe represented he would apolo
gize
The following committee on notification.
was selected, with instructions to re
quest the nominees to reply within thirty
•M S "W Howard of Alabama. Morgan of
Arkansas and Mallett of Texas.
The new national committee selected in
cludes the following: Colorado— D. H.
Waite J. B. Brown. Mrr. MeConslln;
Idaho— Johannes Hanson; Oregon— S. K.
Holt J. L. Hill. John E. Luce; Washing
ton-C E. Parker, E. T. Alken, E. L.
Oliver; Wyoming— L. C. Breitenstein, W.
Brown, — Van Meter.
The national committee met to-night
and organized aa follows: Chairman.
Joseph A. Parker of Louisville: secretary,
J E McBride of Grand Rapids; treas
urer.' Milton Park of Dallas.
The following members of the national
executive committee were chosen: M. L.
Spence of West Virginia. C. M. Walters
of Indiana. J. K. Sears of Oregon, Haldor
E Boen of Minnesota, W. L. Peek of
Georgia and Albert Faulkner of Ne-
It was decided to establish the na
tional headquarters In Chicago at aj
early date as practicable.
H.L.WheeIer of Iowa seconded the nom
ination of Barker. A. W. Kicker of Iowa
presented for the convention's considera
tion, but not as a nominee, the name of,
Eugene V. Debs. Debs' name was receiv
ed with dead silence.
Judge W. S. Williams of Indiana placed
before the convention the name of Igna
tius Donnelly of Minnesota,
"Judging from letters received by the
national committee of arrangements from
political organizations proposing to at
tend the convention in point of attend
ance and display will be the greatest ever
held. It will be a suitable launching of
the national Republican party into twen
tieth century politics."
Confederate officer, named Wharton Bar
ker of Pennsylvania. He mentioned th«
name of Thomas Watson, at which them
was a great outburst of applause. When
he named Barker as the nominee the
cheering seemed weak in comparison wit h.
that which greeted Boyce's nomination of
Howard.
"The Republican convention in its plat
form declarations will have to meet ail
these new problems of public policy bv
taking advanced grounds.
"I have yet to hear from any source
within the lines of the Republican party
even a ripple of hesitation regarding the
nomination of President McKinley. The
Inclination is to renominate him by ac
clamation.
Call headquarters; wEr^
LINGTON' HOTEL. WASHING
TON, May 10.— Senator Hanna. who
is much occupied with the Repub
lican National Convention, said to
night:
"Advices Just received from Philadel
phia indicate that everything will be
ready in time and that city and people
are prepared,, to give the delegates to the
National Republican Convention of 1000 a
hearty reception and generous hospitality.
"As State and district conventions have
been held and delegates chosen we havn
been receiving visits or letters which in
dicate perfect harmony on national ques
tions and the choice of a nominee for the
head of the ticket. »
"The selection of a man for the second
place Is open, has always been, and will
so continue until the convention shall
have made its choice.
"There has been much discussion of dif
ferent men for the place, which is very
interesting and proper, but when It is
said that any particular man has the
preference it is a mistake.
"Governor Roosevelt will not be nom
inated for Vice ' President and has not
been discussed In that connection by the
party leaders or those who might speak
for the administration. What has been
said about him has been purely specu
lative from sources unacquainted with
facts.
"Assertions made here and there that
the President is concerning himself with
the choice of his associate on the ticket
do him an injustice. He has invariably
declined to take any part, notwithstand
ing overtures from different sources by
his own friends and friends of the gentle
man put forward. It would be manifestly
inappropriate for him to take part in sucti
movements.
"It can bo 5aid with emphasis that the
Vice Presidential nomination will remain
open until the assembling of the conven
tion and then will be determined as the
best interests of the party and all con
cerned shall determine.
"A number of names ha\-e been brought
forward and no doubt each gentleman wll
develop strength. There may be some bal
lots before a selection can be made, but
you can rest assured the man put upon
the ticket will be the man the majority
of the convention wishes to have there.
This will be fair to all.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senator Believes McKinley Will Be
Named by Acclamation and All
Will Be Harmonious at the
Convention-
NO CANDIDATE IN SICH1
Hanna Says the New Yorker
Cannot Get Second
, Place.
ROOSEVELT
WILL NOT BE
NOMINATED
STANDARD BEARERS CHOSEN BY
THE TWO POPULIST CONVENTIONS
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 172.
Now the doctrine is promulgated that we may have both citizens and subjects; that the
constitution is for a special class; that Congress and the President may make such laws as
they. see fit to govern all its people who are not citizens of one of the sovereign States of the
Union— a cruel and more despotic power, than which a Caesar or an Alexander or a Napoleon
could not have made greater. Then government by .injunction was in its incipiency. Now,
government by injunction is almost one of the fixed Institutions of the land, one of the un
questioned powers of the, courts. Then the trial 'of ; those engaged in labor .disputes by
a jury of their, countrymen was hardly denied. Now' it has become fixed that ¦whoever engages
in labor disputes inky be arrested without warrant, may be charged with a crime not noted
in the statutes of the country; may be tried by, a Judge and denied a jury, may be punished
without ': law by fines and imprisonment that have never been provided for in the statute books
of ;i the : country, t (Cheers).'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
AT SIOUX FALLS, S. D.
FOR PRESIDENT William J. Bryan of Nebraska
FOR VICE PRESIDENT - - - Charles A. Towne of Minnesota
AT CINCINNATI, OHIO.
FOR PRESIDENT' - - - - Wharton Barker of Pennsylvania
FOR VICE PRESIDENT - - Ignatius Donnelly of MinnesotaAccidentally Shot.
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— William Gib-
ST. LOUIS, May 10.— The feature of the
day in the great street railway strike was
the conference between Governor Steph
ens, the members of the executive com
mittee of the local Streot Railway Em
ployes' Association" and the officers and
attorneys of the Transit Company, called
for the purpose of ascertaining if some
sort of. an amicable understanding could
not be arrived at to end hostilities. The
conference lasted for several houra, but
at its conclusion Governor Stephens an
nounced that nothing had been accom
plished. ..
. The Suburban Company operated Its
system, under police protection during the
entire day without interference, and was
patronized liberally by the public. The
Transit Company ran two can* over one
branch of its system, but attempted to
carry no passengers.
Another fatality as a result of the strike
was recorded to-day. As Flora Siegfried
a young woman, was crossing Wash
street, carrying an Infant in her arms, she
was hit on the head with a brick that
had been hurled at a passing car on the
Suburban system.. Her skull was frac
tured and she died shortly after belne
carried to the City Hospital.
Young W6man, Innocent Passer-By,
Is Struck on the Head With a
Brick and Dies.
ANOTHER FATALITY IN
ST. LOUIS CAR STRIKE
State and Congressional conventions . as
follows: Percy, S. King, Robert Corlett,
H. L. Gunn. A. A. Stlllttell, John Hunter,
W. F. Fisher and J. H. Stevens. The ad
ministration of President McKinley, was
ftronply indorsed. Frank U'Coombs was
indorsed as a candidate for Congress for
the first District.
Republicans Meet.
N'APA, May 10.— The Republican County
Convention to-day elected delegates to the
DENVER, May 10.— The following dele
gates at large to the national convention
were chosen to-day by the State Repub
lican Convention:
Delegates— Senator E. O. Wolcott of
Denver, D. H. Moffat of Denver, W. S.
Btratton of Colorado Springs, David R.
C. Brown of A*pen.
Alternates— H. E. Churchill of Greeley.
Esrl B. Co« of Denver. Crawford Hill of
Denver, B. W. Ritter of Durango.
Colorado's Delegates.
DES MOINES, May lO.-At the Iowa
Republican convention held here, the fol
lowing were made delegates at large to
the Philadelphia convention: Governor
l^eelie M. Sbaw, George Henry French,
Davenport; Dr. E. II. Smith, Cedar Rap-
Ids; Liafayette Young, Des Moines.
Congressman Cousins was temporary
chairman. His speech was greeted with
enthusiastic applause.
The platform as framed instructs the
delegates for McKinley, indorses his ad
ministration, mentions its foreign policy
and the currency law, and recommends
the proper control of trusts and combina
tions deemed inimical to the interests of
the public generally.
Caucuses were held during the forenoon
for the eleven districts of the State, and
delegates to the Philadelphia convention
were elected. They were Instructed for
McKinley.
A. B. Funk of Spirit Lake was made
permanent chairman.
¦Republicans of Iowa.
and Jerry Simpson withdrew Breidenthal
in favor of Towne. This left only the
names of Towne and Lentz before tho
convention. The Montana delegation,
which had presented the name of .Lenta,
was asked to withdraw his name, but re
fused to do so.
Schilling of Wisconsin then moved ttiat
the rules be suspended and that Charles
A. Towne be declared the Vice Presiden
tial nominee by acclamation.
The motion was carried, only four men
from Montana voting against it.
The convention proceeded to the reor
ganization of the National Committee.
After some debate the convention by an
almost unanimous vote concurred and the
State delegations at once proceeded to se
lect their committeemen. ¦ •
Taylor of Illinois moved that the new
National Comittee be made a committee
on. conference with the National Demo
cratic and Silver Republican parties, the
committee to have plenary powers. .
The motion was carried unanimously.
A motion that Permanent Chairman
Patterson, with a committee of his own
appointment, and Temporary Chairman
Ringdal and a similar committee be ap
pointed to notify W. J. Bryan and r Charles
A. Towne of their nominations was also
unanimously agreed to.
The call of States for national comit
teemen was proceeded with in much con
fusion, many delegates leaving the hall.
A motion was carried to adjourn, and
at 12:58 Friday morning the convention
adjourned sine die. ¦ . .
Otis Acquitted.
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— MajoV General
H. G. Otis, editor of the Times of 'this
city, was to-day acquitted of a charge of
assaulting W. R. Ream, a reporter.
A..J. Westfall oMowa nominated J. H.
Davis (Cyclone) of Texas. '
When Kknsas was reached Jerry Simp
son;, "on behalf of 'Kansas,* the barometer
of American politics," nominated National
Committeeman John W. ", Breldenthal. . .
. George . F. Washburn of Massachusetts
nominated E. Gerry Brown ; of that State.
Minnesota was called amid much ap
plause and J. * W. % Bowler nominated
Charles A, Towne. . -
T. S. Hogan of Montana sprung a sur
prise on the convention 'by a bitter denun
ciation of Charles S. Hartman - for with
drawing * as a ; candidate of the fusion
forces ¦ in ¦ that , State "in the ' Interests of
the Republican party." ' •
v : "Mr. .Towne was ' the national chairman
of ¦ the ' Sliver 'Republlcan'party.*: ¦- Charles
A: Towne Indorsed the " treacherous and
traitorous action of Hartman,". said Mr.'
Hogan, who then nominated Congressman
John-J. i L«ntz of Ohio.- i. w -» --..;..„.
' "Cyclone" Davis withdrew his name. . , •' :
i Tayor, Brown and Rydner followed suit
¦ It /was now. 11:30 p.m., and. a motion to
limit , the time of nominating speeches to
five minutes was carried with a' shout.
The call . of States for the ¦ announce
ment of names of candidates for Vice
President was then demanded.
"Tornado" Jones of Illinois nominated
Dr. Howard S./taylor.
-Washburn's compromise measure, pro
viding for the selection by ballot of five
names to be presented by a committee to
the Democratic and Silver Republican
conventions and from which to endeavor
to select a. candidate for Vice President,
was again brought forth by Jerry Simp
son, only to be defeated, and the Vice
Presidential question was at last settled.
The vote stood 270 votes for and 626 votes
against. ¦ i
.Senator Allen then took the chair. Chair
man Patterson's voice having given out.
Amid much confusion the vote resulted
262 votes for and 492 votes against. In the
midst of the applause which followed the
announcement of the result Senator Allen
arose and nominated Charles A. Towne
of Minnesota for Vice President, moving
that the nomination be unanimous.
Simpson was given the floor for the
closing argument in behalf of his amend
ment.
The substitute Introduced by Simpson
was finally put to a vote. It provided for
the appointment of a committee to go to
Kansas City and confer with th© Demo
cratic Committee In regard to a VJee Pres
idential candidate.
After a long discussion on the parlia
mentary position of the various motions,
amendments and substitutes the chair
man held that the original question was
the amendment offered by Jerry Simpson,
which provided that the National Com
mittee should go to Kansas City for con
ference with the Free Silver Republicans
and Democrats regarding the Vice Presi
dency.
Chairman Patterson asked the conven
tion if it desired any further debate on
the question of the Vice Presidency.
Amid cries of "Put him out," "Shut up"
and "Shame on you," Mr. Kelly returned
to his delegation, every member of which
was standinc on his feet.
Kelly spoke several times, causing great
confusion.
Pale with passion he again turned
toward Chairman Patterson and pointing
his finger at him cried: "You, sir, are try
ing to gratify a petty spite originating in
to-day's conference."
Then, turning toward the wildly shout
ing delegates he yelled: "I defy you. 1
defy you to put me out!"
"I rise to a point of order," shouted Mr.
Kelly. "I stand on my rights and you
can't bunko me out of them."
Former Congressman John "Kelly of
South Dakota, who had been clamoring
for recognition all day, at once advanced
and, with his voice shaking with anger,
said: "The South Dakota delegation is
glad to receive this recognition from the
chair, for it is the only recognition it has
received from you. You are a miserable
bunko steerer," Mr. Kelly shouted. "You
came into this convention with professions
of good faith. You are not fit to preside
over a Populist convention and you never
will again."
In an instant there was an uproar and
cries of "Put him out" were heard.
"Before Mr. Groce speaks,", said the
chairman, "the chair wishes to announce
that there is a package of letters here
for the South Dakota delegation. It* was
found on a chair and was probably lost
by some member of the delegation."
Edward S. Groce of Michigan was then
recognized. But just here an incident oc
curred that threw the convention into an
uproar, and which, for a few moments,
threatened to result in a free flght.
E. Gerry Brown of Massachusetts urped
harmony, but Insisted on naming a com
plete ticket.
At 8:10 p. m. Chairman Patterson called
the convention to order and recognized
Washburn of Massachusetts. "Washburn
spoke at some length in favor of his plan
of submitting a list of five men for Vice
President. He yielded the floor to General
Weaver, who told the convention that it
was ; willinc to be an ally of the Demo
cratic party, byt wished to do all the dic
tating to those allies instead of working
in concert with thorn. He told the dele
gates repeatedly that they would make a
grave mistake by nominating a Vice Pres
ident without consulting with the Demo
cratic party.
cordingly announced an adjournment un
til 8 p. m.
THK People"s party of the United States, assembled in national convention, this
tenth day of May, 1500, affirming our unshaken belief in the cardinal tenets of the
People's party as set forth in the Omaha platform and pledging ourselves anew
to continued advocacy of those grand principles of human liberty until right shall
triumph over might and love over greed, do adopt and proclaim this declaration of faith:
1. We demand the initiative and referendum and the imperative mandate for such
changes of existing fundamental and statute law as will enable the people in their sov
ereign capacity to propose and compel the enactment or repeal of such laws as they deem
required by their interests, and to recall unfaithful public servants.
2. We demand the public ownership and operation of those means of communication,
transportation and production which the people may elect, such as railroads, telegraphs
and telephone lines, coal mines, etc.
3. The land. Including all natural sources of wealth, is a heritage of the people and
should not be monopolized for speculative purposes and alien ownership of land should
be prohibited. All land now held by railroads and other corporations 'in' excess of their
actual needs and all lands now owned by aliens should be reclaimed by the Government
and held for actual settlers only.
4. A scientific and absolute paper money, based upon the entire wealth and popula
tion of the nation, not redeemable in any specific commodity, but made a full legal
tender for all debts and receivable for all taxes and public dues and issued by the Gov
ernment only, without Jhe intervention of banks and in sufficient quantity to meet the
demands of commerce, is tho best currency that can be devised; but, until such a finan
cial system Is secured, which we shall press for adoption, we favor the free and un
limited coinage of both silver and gold at the legal ratio of 16 to 1,
5. We demand the levy and collection of a graduated tax on Incomes and inheritances
and a constitutional amendment to secure the same if necessary.
6. We demand the election of the President, Vice President, Federal Judges and
United States Senators by direct vote of the people.
7. We are opposed to trusts and declare the contention between the old parties on
the monopoly question is a sham battle, and that no solution of this mighty problem
Is possible without the adoption of the principle of public ownership of public utilities.
j Cincinnati, Ohio, May 10, 1900.
Platform Adopted by the Middle-of-the-
Road Populists' Convention at
Cincinnati.
FOR PUBLIC OWNERSHIP
OF PUBLIC UTILITIES
and the means of the transmission of Information— which instruments of commerce are public
functions and which our forefathers declared In the constitution should be controlled by
the people through their Congress for the public welfare. The one remedy for tha trusts Is
that the ownership end control be assumed and exercised by the people.
We further demand that all tariffs on goods controlled by a trust should be abolished.
To cope with the trust evil the people must act directly without the Intervention of
representatives, who m'ay be controlled or Influenced. We therefore demand direct legisla
tion. giving the people the lawmaklng and the veto Dower under the Initiative and ref-"
erendum. A majority of the people can never b* corruptly Influenced.
Applauding the valor of our army and navy in the Spanish war, we denounce the con
duct of the administration in. changing a war tor humanity into a war for conquest. The
action of the administration in the Philippines is In conflict with all the precedents of
our national life, at war ¦with the Declaration of Independence, the constitution and the
plain precepts of humanity. Murder and arson have been our response to the appeals of
the people who asked only to establish a free government in their own land. We de
mand a. stoppage of this war of extermination by the assurance to the Philippines of inde
pendence and protection under a stable government of their own creation.
The Declaration of Independence, the constitution and the American flag are one and
inseparable. The island of Porto Rico is a part of the territory of the United States and
by levying special and extraordinary customs duties on the commerce of that Island the ad
ministration has violated the constitution, abandoned the fundamental principles of Amer
ican liberty and has striven to give the lie to the contention of our forefathers that there
ehould be no taxation without representation.
Out of the imperialism which would force an undeslred domination on the people of the
Philippines eprlne the un-American cry for a large standing army. Nothing In the char
acter or purposes of our people justifies us in ignoring the plain lessons of history and
putting our llbertirs in jeopardy by assuming the burden of militarism, which is crush
ing the people of the Old World. We denounce the administration for Its sinister efforts
to substitute a standing army for the citizen soldiery, which Is the best safeguard of the re
public \
We extend to the brave Boers of South Africa our sympathy and moral support in their
patriotic struggle for the rl^ht of solf-government and we art* unalterably opposed to any
alliance, open or covert, between the United States and any, other nation that will tend'
to the destruction of human liberty. '
And a further manifestation of Imperialism is to be found In the mining districts of
Idaho. In the Coeur d' Alene soldiers have been used to overawe miners striving for a
irreater measure of Industrial Independence. And we denounce the State Government of
Idaho and the Federal Government for employing the military arm of the- Government '¦ to
abridge the civil rights of the people and to enforce an infamous permit system which de
nies to laborers their Inherent liberty and compels them to forswear their manhood and
their right before being permitted to seek employment.
The Importation of Japanese and other laborers under contract to serve • monopolistic
corporations is a notorious and flagrant violation of the Immigration laws. We demand that ¦
the Federal Government shall take cognizance of this menacing evil, and repress it under
exerting laws. ••-.-¦
We further pledge ourselves to strive for the enactment of most stringent laws for the
exclusion of Mongolian and Malayan immigration.
We indorse municipal ownership of public utilities and declare that the advantages
which have accrued to the public under that system would be multiplied a hundred foldhby
its extension to natural interstate monopolies. ..•¦¦¦ .
We denounce the practice of issuing injunctions in the cases of dispute between em
ployers and employee, making criminal acts by organizations which • are not criminal when
performed by individuals, and demand legislation to restrain the evil. ..--,:;
We demand that United States Senators and all other officials as far as practicable be
elected by direct vote of the people. .
Believing that the elective franchise and untrammeled ballot are essential to a govern
ment of, for and by the people, the People's party condemns the wholesale system . of dls
franchisement by coercion and intimidation adopted in some States as unrepublican and un
democratic And we declare It to be the duty of the several State Legislatures to take* such
action as will secure a full, free and fair ballot and an > honest count. ¦ •; • . ¦ . : -.. ......
' .We favor home rule in the Territories and the District of, Columbia arid the early ad
miEsion of the Territories as States. -
- We denounce the expensive red tape system, political favoritism, cruel and unnecessary
delay and criminal evasion : of the statutes in the management of the Pension Office and
demand tbe honest execution of law* and tha fulfillment by the nation of its pledges of
service pension to ail of its honorably discharged veterans. .
Sioux Falls. S. D.. May 10, 1300.
Fusion Populists' Convention at Sioux Falls
Denounces the Administration for
Its Imperial Policy.
THE People's party of the L'nited States in convention assembled, congratulating it"
eurporteis on the wid? extension of Its principles in all directions, does hereby re
affirm ite adherence to the fundamental principles proclaimed In its two prior plat
forms and calls upon all who desire to avert the subversion of free institutions by
corporate and imperialistic power to unite with It In bringing the Government back to the
Ideals of Washington, Jefferson, Jackson and Lincoln.
It extends to Its allies in the struggle for financial and economic freedom, assurances
of its loyalty to the principles which animate the allied forces and the promises of hon
est and hearty co-operation in every effort for their success. To the people of the
United States we offer the following platform as the expression of our unalterable con
victions: • ' -
Resolved. That we denounce the act of March 14, 1900, as the culmination of a long
series of conspiracies to deprive the people of their constitutional rights over the money
of the nation and relegate to a gigantic money truet the control of the finances and
hence of the people. We denounce this act.
First— For making all money obligations, domestic and foreign, payable In gold coin
or Its equivalent, thus) enormously increasing the burdens of the debtors and enriching
the creditors. . .
Second— For refunding "coin bonds"' not to mature for years Into long-time gold bonds,
so as to make their payment improbable and cm r debt perpetual.
Third— For taking from the treasury over fifty millions of dollars In a time of war
and presenting it at a premium to bondholders to accomplish the refunding of bonds
not due. £
Fourth— For doubling the capital of bankers by returning to them the face value of
their bonds in current money notes. «a that they may draw one interest from the Gov
ernment and another from the people.
Fifth— For allowing banks to expand and contract their circulation at pleasure, thus
controlling prices of all products.
Sixth— For authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to Issue new gold bonds to an
unlimited amount whenever he deems It necessary to replenish the gold hoard, thus en
abling usurers to secure more bonds and more bank currency by drawing gold from the
treasury, thereby creating an "endless chain" for perpetually adding to a perpetual debt.
Seventh— For striking down the greenback in order to force the people to borrow three
hundred and forty-six millions of dollars more from the banks at an annual cost of over
twenty millions of dollars.
¦-- I While barring: out the money of the constitution, this law opens the printing mints of
- the treasury to the free coinage of bank paper money to enrich the few and impoverish
the many. • \J.
- ' We pledge anew the people's party never to cease the agitation until this financial con
spiracy Is blotted from the statute books, the Lincoln greenback restored, the bonds all
paid and all corporation money forever retired.
• We reaffirm the demand for the reopening of the mints of the United States to the frea
and unlimited coinage of silver and gold at the present legal ratio of 14 to 1, the immediate
increase in the volume of . f-llver coins and certificates thus created to be substituted dollar
for dollar for the bank notes : leeued by the private corporations under special privilege
' granted *by' the law of March 14. 1900. and prior national banking laws, the remaining por
tion "of the bank notes to be replaced with full legal tender Government paper money and Its
volume so controlled as to maintain at all times a stable money market and a stable price
- level.
We demand a graduated Income and inheritance tax, to the end that aggregated wealth
1 shall bear its Just proportion of taxation. ¦-; - t ¦:.,.¦;?
We demand that postal savings banks be established by the Government for the safe
deposit of the savings of the people and to facilitate exchange.
With Thomas Jefferson, we declare the land, including all natural sources of wealth, the
inalienable heritage of the people. The Government should bo act as to secure homes for
the people and prevent land monopoly. The original homestead policy should be enforced
and future settlers upon public domains shou'.d be entitled to a free homestead, while all
who have paid an acreage price to the Government under fxlstlng laws should have their
homestead rights restored. f
Transportation being a means of exchange and a public necessity, the Government should
own and operate the railroads In the interests of the people and on a non-partisan basis,
to the end that all may be accorded the same treatment In transportation and that tha
extortion, tyranny and political power now exercised by the great railroad corporations, which
result in the impairment If not the destruction of the political rights and personal liberties
of the citizen, may be destroyed. Such ownership la to be accomplished In a manner con
sistent with Bound public policy.
Trusts., the overshadowing evil of the age, are the result and culmination of the private
ownership and control of the three great Instruments of commerce— money, transportation
TO AVERT SUBVERSION
OF FREE INSTITUTIONS
LORD ROBERTS CABLE CART HEADQUAhTERS AT THE FRONT.
(From the^ Illustrated London News.)
ALL THE DISPATCHES RECEIVED FROM LORD ROBERTS YESTERDAY WERE DATED "CABLE CART
HEADQUARTERS AT THE FRONT." THE ABOVE PICTURE IS FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN DURING THE
MOVEMENTS ABOUT BLOEMFONTEIN.
BIG UPRISING
WAS PLANNED
BY FILIPINOS
On April 26 the rebels burned and sacked
the town of Trocan, near Bulcan, murder-
Ing natives who were friendly to the
"Americans ar»d two Spaniards. *rtie Amer
icans killed thirty-seven of the Insurgents.
The in^urpents have suffered a heavy
loss at Tabako. near Legaspi, province of
Albay, Luzon. Two hundred riflemen and
fight hundred bolomen were preparing to
ettsck the town, and Captain Lester Si
mons, with a company of the Korty
leventh Volunteer Regiment, advanced to
meet them and killed many.
The insurgent leader, a native priest,
was wounded and captured after his horse
had been shot from under him. Three
Americans were ¦wounded.
A force of 500 insurgents attacked
twenty-five scouts of the Forty-eighth
Regiment near San Jacinto. province of
I'angasinan, on Monday, but were routed
t y the scouts, ten of their number being
killfd. The Americans lost two killed.
A report from Ceim states-. -that*-' Major
Andrews, with a company of the Twenty
third and a company "of the' "Twenty-'
fourth Infantry and Johnson's scouts, at
tacked General Moxiea on April 26. The
rebels occupied fortified positions on three
hills. The fighting lasted three hours,
when the rebels lied. The Americans cap
tured fifty rifles, nine cannon and many
prisoners. They lost two killed and eleven
wounded.
MANILA. May 10. 6:10 p. m.— Rumors
,-eached the ears of the American author
ities here that a rising among the Fili
pinog la the city was threatened on the
day the new Commissioners arrived. An
Investigation was made quietly, with the
result that 100 natives were placed under
errest. In following up clews to the con
spiracy Mauser rifles were found con
cealed in a cockpit in the outskirts of the
rlty. It was also learned that two rebel
tax collectors and recruiting agents were
working in the city.
Persistent rumors continue here regard-
Ing the fate of Bulan. in the southern part
r;t Luzon, which, according to .unofficial
letters' received a few days ago, had been
attacked by a force of SW-) insurgents, the
fmall American garrison being compelled
to take refuge on ships in the harbor.
The absence of a report from the com
mander of the troops impairs the credi
bility of many reports in circulation.
FpeclaJ Dispatch to Th« Call.
FOUR HUNDRED
japanese land
AT Victoria
Majority of Them Will Cross
Over Into the United
btates.
Two Steamers About Due in the
Northern Port Will Add An-
other Thousand to th.« Num
ber of Coolies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 10.— There are
over 400 more of. the unwelcome Japanese
Immigrants waiting at the quarantine
station, whither they were landed this
evening from the steamer Sikh,' which,
like some other erstwhile transports, has
tone into the coolie-carrying trade.
These 400 are nearly all for the United
States, but only 200 will be carried
through direct, when they are disinfected
and their baggage fuminated, the others
remaining here a day. or two before es
saying to meet the inspectors at Seattle or
Tacoma.
A large number of the Japanese are
weavers, coming under a contract made
with them by a Japanese llrm in New
York. They are engaged to work in some
New England mills. There are over
100 more on the way here besides those at
the quarantine station, 5'JO on another
Northern Pacific liner and about as many
on the Kinshue Mam of, the Nippon Vusen
Kaisha Line.
- A local Japanese boarding-house keeper
says that according to letters received bv
him over 20,000 more are to come over this
summer. ;!* l
Continued from First Paire.
SIOUX FALLS
CONVENTION
YOKOHAMA. May 11.— The wedding-of Crown Prince Yoshlhito and Princess Sada Ko, a daughter of the Kujem family,
at Tokio on Thursday was a most simple ceremony. The contracting parties drank cups of wine before the shrine in
the imperial palace. The foreign residents presented an address.
The Prince Imperial of Japan and His Bride, Married Yesterday at Tokio.
(By the courtesy of the Asahl, 224 Post street.) . .
soij, an employe of a planing mill, acci
dentally shot himself In the stomach wltn
a shotgun this morning and died this aft
ernoon. Gibson was cleaning the weapon
at his home on East Twenty-fifth street,
and in cocking it allowed the hammer to
fall while the muzzle was pointed directly
at his stomach. The entire charge went
into his bowels, making a ghastly wound.
Gibson leaves a widow and one grown up
son. I- v >¦
Rain in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— The rainfall
to-day registered .08 of an inch, making
7.61 incnes for the season. Much good will
result.
WEDDING OF CROWN
PRINCE AND PRINCESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
One Hundred Conspirators
Are Held in Prison by
the Authorities. .
Bebels in Manila Had Determined
to Attack the City the Bay tha
New Commissioners Ar
rived.
2
When these messengers become de-
ranged or the supply of 'nerve forte is
depleted, the best remedy to restore
them : to their normal ; condition is Dr.
Miles' : Restorative Nervine. It creates
a good appetite, gives refreshing sleep,
and cures that tired feeling. It acts on
the nervous ; system, which controls all
the ¦ processes ; of , the body, toning it up
into sound and vigorous action. It over-
comes the excessive wasting -and puts
back the lost flesh.
The nerves of the human body act as
messengers to convey to the brain im-
pressions of outward effects, and to con-
vey from the brain to the muscles and
organs nerve force or vital power.
Without this vital power the heart:
stomach, lungs, bowels and all organs
of the body would be unable to perform
their functions and life would < cease.
"I was troubled for thirty years with
weakness of the heart and nerves. Had
palpitation and fluttering of the heart up-
on slightest exertion and was generally
run down, weak and nervous. I found
that Dr. Miles' Nervine was the only rem-
edy that gave me relief, and I am satisfied
I would not be alive to-day buffor Its
use. My son and daughter have both
taken Dr. Miles* Nervine with best re-
sults. MRS. MARY EGGERS.
"London Mills, 111."
Two years ago I -was so run down that
my nerves became all unstrung and I al-
most lost my reason. Two doctors waited
on me, but neither was able to do me any-
good and my husband bought a bottle of
Dr. Miles' Nervine and began giving It to
me. It helped me right along, and when I
had taken seven bottles I was cured
"MRS. CAROLINE SCHROEDER.
"Metropolis, I1L" '
'. Dr. Miles' Nervine is sold at all drug-
stores oh ! a positive guarantee. Write
for free advice and booklet to
; DR. }MILES MEDICAL CO.,^Ik-
hart, Ind.
i
Sleepless, Nervous, Never Without a Tired,
Listless Feeling; Cured by
-'.:_..¦ . ¦ '""' •. -. Y
A GOOD SHOE
FOR VACATION.
The season is close at hand and you ne*d a
rood stout shoe for your outing:. We bav« a
eood stout shoe at a medium price.
LADIES* DARK TAN HIGH CUT LACB
BHOE, Coin Toe. Leather CO *7 EZ
Heel O<£» i O
GENTS' TAN LACE SHOE. LATEST TOE—
a good stout snoe for tramp- tr; O "T CZ.
ln» 0-.»4 0
WHITE GOODS
JSSr SUMMER WEAR
A Large Assortment of
LADIES* WHITE PIQUE OXFORDS LXV
Heels 82.0O
LADIES' WHITE CANVAS OXFORDS. LXV
Heels Bl.2K>
LADIES' WHITE KID OXFORDS. LXV
Heels ••.:-• »l.oO
We also have Full Lines of NEW SUMMER
FOOTWEAR at POPULAR PRICES.
830-832-834 Market Street*
aA.N FRANCISCO. CAL.
P|p3' WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Trua«" Dr. Pierce gar« to
thq public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rapture. Thousands of sufferers haT«
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliance and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. Thl»
Truss Is different from all others. It does tha
You" can get oar "BOOKLET No. V by call,
lngr at the office, or It will be sent on receipt of
a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
Address.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
62O Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
DninnA **»• covered passage-
rdldtC w »y connecting thee*
two Immense struc-
¦ __^—^ tures places under
, one management 1400
¦arm rooms, 900, of which
dllll have baths attached.
i- Tourists and travel*
era from every section
ItF3.T1C1 and appreciate tha
**»»v» comforts and conveni-
_-_—__— ences offered by thes*
hotels.
LJ *%+¦ r\\a American plan. Eu-
ITULClO -ropean plan. j
SERCES
FAVORITE
SCRSPTION
, IR WEAK WOMEN.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORAj-
¦ tor and Nervine. . - . ' , ,
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
Th« Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on 1" own
NABER. ALFS A B R^*: Affli »
m Market rt., S. F.-Otnd I tor Circa!**.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.WASHINGTON. May 10.— In the Senato
to-day the case involving the seat of
Clark of Montana was postponed until
next Tuesday. Chandler gave notice that
at that time he would insist that the case
be continuously considered to the exclu
sion of all other business.
Sewall of New Jersey announced that he
ehoujd object to that. Gallinger of North
Carolina addressed the Senate at length
on this resolution, declaring: that the
present phenomenal prosperity of the
country is due to the policy of protection
as embodied in the Dingley tariff law.
A concurrent resolution offered by Per
kins of California calling upon the Secre
tary of War for a detailed plan for tbe
improvement of Oakland harbor, Califor
nia, was adopted.
Hoar offered a resolution, which was re
ferred, directing- the Committee on . For
eign Relations to inquire whether Ameri
can citizens are obliged to obtain pass
ports or other license or to pay any fees
for permission to pass from the Hawaiian
Islands to the United States or from any
part of the United States to the Hawaiian
Islands or to make any payment of money
to secure the privilege of landing In the
islands, and whether It Is expedient that
euch relations be longer continued.
Painter's Bad Fall.
I.OS ANGELES, May ID.— Frank Ingel
gard, a painter, fell from the roof of a
house upon which he was working to-day
and wbb terribly injured. Both arms were
broken and he was injured Internally.
V«. mill arobabbr <Jl€. _ _ BwwcjwrJ
Clark Case Postponed.
Giving the Seat to Pearson of
Uorth Carolina.
WASHINGTON. May 10.— The House to-
Gay by the very narrow margin of two
votes unseated Crawford of North Caro
lina, a Democrat, and seated in his place
Pearpon of North Carolina. He Is the
third Republican to be seated by the pres
ent House. The minority resolution de
claring the sitting member entitled to the
seat was defeated by one vote. Jack, a
Pennsylvania Republican, voted with the
I>niocrat* on both roll calls. On the first
vote fifteen Republicans were absent and
unpaired, and on the second twelve were
absent and unpaired.
Souse Adopts the Majority Beport
CRAWFORD UNSEATED BY
A NARROW MARGIN
Opening' of a Hovel Exhibition of Na
ture's Handiwork at Pacific
Grove.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. May 10.— A very no
table scientific event opened in this city
this afternoon under the auspices of the
Pacilic Grove Museum Association which,
besides being the first affair of its kind
ever held in this section of California, is
also one of the first ever held on the Pa
cific Coast. It is a flower and natural
history exhibit — not a flower carnival or
litsta. but a veritable flower show in
¦which artistic effects are given second
ary- attention and the scientific Side of
the exhibits is paramount.
The hall in which the exhibition Is held
presents a very brilliant appearance, its
decorations being both appropriate and
«-lal»orate. One entire side is devoted to
the display of live and dry specimens of
plant and animaJ life, some of ¦which are
exceedingly valuable. Notable among
these are a collection of European in
lets owned by Thomas W. Cowan, a
w«-H -known English naturalist; a collec
tion of North American ferns, owned by
Miss VL K. B. Morton of Pacific Grove,
and a complete collection of live ferns na
tive to Monterey County, owned by Mrs.
Jonathan Wright of Paclflc Grove.
The other side of the hall is occupied
by exhibits of sea life, animal and vege
table, including a scientific panorama of
the bottom of Monterey Bay; several val
uable aquaria and some very fine collec
tions of fcea mosses and shells.. The mis
cellaneous exhibits, all following out the
general plan, also include some remarka
ble specimens of plant and animal life,
•while the art and curio room contains
many interesting as well as very valua
ble articles.
The present exhibition possesses the
rare quality of being homogeneous
throughout, even the decorations being
made subservient to the one idea of
scientific interest. The fountain which
plays over mosses and ferns in the cen
ter of the main hall has its basin full of
interesting fish, the rocks about It are
geologically of value, even' branch of a
tree or cluster of flowers used in the dec
orations is placed with reference to its
family and class and the whole is won
dtriully successful, pleasing the eye as
¦well as the brain more than If thrown
together in the usual haphazard manner.
While important in many ways, this ex
hibition is chiefly so from the fact that
Monterey County, the "type locality" of
nearly all the plant life and much of the
animal life as well of California, is here
presented to the scientific public as never
before in the State's history, and many
botanists, entomologists and other scien
tists are present for the purpose of study-
Ing the exhibits.
The exhibition will continue three days,
with fine musical programmes each even
lug.
SCIENTIFIC SHOW OF
PLANT AND ANIMAL LIFE
It irtlT.be the desire of this sub-commit
tee to present this invitation at an early
day and in porson before the Mayor and
Board of Supervisors when in session.
Tbe members of this committee are J:
E. Ktubbs, R. L. Fulton, L. D. Folsom
and A. E. Cheney.
Recognizing the value of a clear and
frank interchange of views upon a ques
tion of such great importance to the two
communities, the committee named a sub
committee to bring to the attention of the
Mayor and Board of Supervisors the ad
visability of visiting Reno in order to in
vestigate for themselves, with such as
sistance as will be readily given them,
the merits of the question under consider
atioti.
The committee seemed to think that the
Mayor and Board of Supervisors would
desiro to know whether the proposed wa
ter supply for the city of San Francisco
could be obtained or not. and whether
¦water could be obtained in such a quanti
ty and under such conditions as to pro
tect the very important rights and inter
ests of those who now reside alone the
Truckee River.
The discussion of the committee pointed
clearly :o the conviction that, inasmuch
as the Mayor and Board of Supervisors of
the city of San Francisco had received a
suggestion that the water from Lake Ta
hoe might be utilized as an adequate wa
ter supply for the city of San Francisco
and oilier towns and cities around the
bay, it is to the interest of the Mayor
and Board of Supervisors to visit the
lake and towns along the Truckee, in or
der to ascertain by personal inspection
the property rights and interests now ex
ist i!:J,'.
RENO. Nev.. May 10.— The committee of
twelve appointed by the convention of clt
lrens of Reno and Truckee Valley met to
fiay to consider various subjects connect
ed with the storage and use of the waters
of Lake Tahoe and Truckee River regard-
Ing the water supply for San Francisco.
This important subject was very carefully
discussed by members of the committee
end with respect to the rights and inter
ests of those who naw beneficial use of
these waters or who propose to make ben
eficial use of them in the future.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Committee of Four Appointed to Visit
San Francisco and Make a Per
sonal Appeal to the City
Fathers.
Citizens of Nevada Discuss
the Water Supply
Question.
WILL INVITE
SUPERVISORS
TO VISIT TAHOE
THE SAN FilANGISCO OAIlL, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
3
||#|| well made, carefully cut and trimmed, and are a saving at the special Mn U'^f- H M 1 iliiiili^ V ll-*"!
fe^fei They are made of strong, heavy, good-wearing material and are VgasSss*^ m^^^T Pi'-*'!!
mtW a veritable bargain at the price. ISr §P^f
Pi 7T* *j**\ *> -v ' .- " ' 181, Professor David Starr Jordan delivered
a lecture last night on the "Passion Play"
at St. John's^ Presbyterian Church. The
lecture was illustrated by fitereopticon
views. •¦•- ..
lectured on .the Passion Play.
B. ¦Williams, connected with a clothing i
house in this city, was robbed last night
by a sneak thief at the Russ House. Will
iams entered the billiard room for the
purpose of playing a game. He hune his
overcoat, valued at $50, on a hook and
gave no further attention to it. The thief
mingled with the crowd in the place and
showed a number of people a book. When
the contents had been examined he passed
it to a man who was standing near Will
iams coat and requested him. in the
hearing of every one, to place it in the
pockets "of his coat." When Williams re
tired for a moment the thief picked up
the coat and strolled away. Williams re
ported the matter to the police at the Cal
ifornia-street station.
Robbed of a Valuable Coat.
Edgar Straw of Santa * Barbara Dies
at the City and County
vv^ Hospital.
Ed^ar Straw, a younj? man. died at the
City and County Hospital yesterday after
a short illness.
Straw came to this city from Santa
Barbara a" few days ago and made ap
plication to become a member of the
is aval Brigade at Goat Island. His ap
plication was rejected, however, the med
ical examiner at the station refusing to
pass him on account of a slight disfigure
ment of hla thumb.
The young man was disappointed in not
passing a satisfactory examination and
determined to seek surgical aid at the
hospital to remedy the defect. An opera
tion was performed, but blood poisoning
set in and death ensued in a few hours.
-_ Chief of Police Sullivan, to whom Straw
had a letter of recommendation, notified
the young man's relatives of his untimely
end.
SLIGHT WOUND CAUSES !g
A YOUNG MAN'S DEATH
Smith. Garden City; Ed A. Rusae, Bay City.
Ninth relay— E. O. Kragness, Olympic; E. B.
"Wastie, Garden City; I. R. Ltnd. Bay City.
Tenth relay— Ed F. Rusa, Olympic; M. G.
Francis. Garden City; James R. Kenna, Bay
City.
Olympic trailers— Ed Adams. C. Long. Fred
Howe. M. Davis. T. H. White, J. E. Bolder.
Robert Henderson, J. Ephraim, E. H. Ward
and Georse P. Fuller.
Garden City trailers— R. Tischner. Richard
Griffin, Ed Collier, Emll Argay, Victor Francis,
Frank C. Young, Emlle Belloll. Julius Smith.
John Bird. L. E. Bates.
Bay City trailers — L. Welnand, Charles de
Guerne, E. Warren, Harry Phillips, Charles
Reuser, Oscar Hicks, W. C. Hofer, George
Hartkorn, Frank Marisch, Leon Draper.
Olympic Judges— F. G. Montealegre, Edwin
Goeller. W. J. Belchfr, H. 'C. Hahn. R. R.
Rubs, George Fout^e, K. Boyd, L. W. R. Cole,
John Hammersmith. J. "VV. Mullen.
Garden City Judges— J. B. Lamkin. B. R.
Pease, L. Epptng;, D. Manning. H. G. Ayers,
J. A. Dermoody. A. L. Hubbard, Dr. F. Schu
macher, L. Buettner, W. A. Gerdes, Charles B.
Schaefer.
Bay City Judges— Frank II. Watters Jr., C. >J.
LanRton. Emll F. Fahrbach, Harry Larkin.
Frank II. Kerrigan, Ben C. Reynaud. K. J.
Elliott, M. C. Rambo, E. N. Crelgh, Frank V».
Smith.
One dollar for the round ; trip to Santa
Rosa Sunday, 1 -May 13, by the California
Northwestern > Ry. "Leave Tlburon ferry
- The pupils of the Cogswell Polytech
nic College have arranged an | entertain
ment to be given at the college. 'Twenty-
Bixth and Folsom ; streets, , to-morrow
night. The programme will consist of a
three-act comedy entitled "A Family
Affair," specialties by Davis and Tozer
of the Horace Mann School and a solo by
A. McGill."
Cogswell College Entertainment.
Managers of Pacific Pickle and Vine
gar Works Must Back Califor
nia Packing Company.
The close association of the managers
of the California Packing Company and
the Pacific Pickle and Vinegar Works has
resulted in at least one suit being filed
against the latter corporation , to recover
on an obligation which the packing com-'
pany was unwilling or unable to meet.
The Bank of British Columbia filed suit
yesterday against the pickle works to
recover $S22 53 on a promissory note is
sued to the pickle works by the packing
company .on January 29 last' and paya
ble April 2S. In the complaint it is al
leged that this note, which, in addi
tion to the corporate name, bore the
signature of its- manager, E.- J. Cote, was
delivered to the plaintiff bank for a suffi
cient consideration on February 13. ¦ .On
the date of its maturity it was presented
to the California Packing Company for
redemption, but the" company refused to
meet the demand. Suit is now filed for the
purpose of ' transferring the burden .of
the loss- to the Pacific Pickle and Vine
gar Works, the ' original holder of the
note In question.*-/-/; 1 ..
PROMISSORY NOTE IS '
BACK ON THEIR HANDS
NEW YORK, May 10.— At the Broadway
Athletic Club to-night "Kid" , Broad of
Cleveland met Oscar : Gardner, : "the
Omaha Kid," .and through foul . tactics
lost what promised to be a winning bat
tle. After being cautioned frequently, by
the referee Broad persisted in butting and
was disqualified in the seventeenth round..
Broad Loses on a Foul.
, CLEVELAND, May 10.— Cleveland. 12; Mil
waukee, 5. •¦
BUFFALO. May , 10.— Buffalo. 2; Minneapo
lis. 4. . .
INDIANAPOLIS, May 10.— Indianapolis, 19;
Chlcaco, 7.
DETROIT, May 10.— Detroit, 3; Kansas City, 1.
American Association Games.
Pittsburar .5 11 3
Chicago 4 9. 1
Batteries— Tannehlll and ZImmer; Taylor and
Chance. . Umpire, Swartwood.
PITTSBURG, May 10.— Everett' ¦ careless
work at first base to-day lost the j game for
Chicago. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— R, H. r E.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. 1 Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphla.il 5 .688 St. Louis 7 8 .467
Cincinnati -.9 6 .600 Chicago 8 10 .444
Brooklyn ....10 7 .SSSINew York... 6 9 .400
Plttsburg ... 8 9 .4701 Boston 6 10 .333
Defeats the Chicago Team, by One
Bun.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Five furlongs, uelllng— Presyrave won, York
shire Boy. eecond. Billionaire third. Time,
Four furlongs— Harlem Lane won. Cherries
second. Sweet Lavender third. Time, :48%.
The Croton hlghwelght handicap, nix furlongs
— Mark Cheek won. Confollon second, Lady
Llndey third. Time, 1:14%.
One mile — Herbert won, Queen of Song
second, Alaximo Gomez third. Time, 1:42%.
won. First Whip second. Dan Rice third. Time.
1:42%.
• First relay— Lont Smith, Olympic; Arthur Mc-
Donald, Garden City; Fred J. Glllman, Bay
City. -
Second relay— C. Bailey, Olympic: Ed Barnes
Garden City: Frank Bollo, Bay City.
'- Third ' relay— H. Anthony, Olympic; Homer
Lowe, Garden City; Ed Fleming-, Bay City.
¦ Fourth relay— W. Peddler, Olympic; J. e
Wing, Garden City; Arthur Davidson, Bay
City.
Fifth relay— J. Hobson, Olympic; D. E.
FranclB, ; Garden 1 City; Walter i Davidson,* Bay
City.'- ••'.- ¦¦¦¦ "«*." :'•'¦¦¦: '--¦¦-.¦:¦¦•
. Sixth relay — George Kroeti. Olympic; Burton
Downing. Garden : City; Fred Beckman, ;Bay
City. ¦.¦¦¦ ¦'--' -. ¦ ' : ¦ ¦ . /
: Seventh relay— P. N. Hanna, Olympic; I. ,W.
ILetcher, Garden City; H.D. Bean. Bay City.
• Eighth • relay— E." A. Bozlo,- Olympic r I* A.
The eighth annual cycle relay race, par
ticipated in by the wheeling ciuus in the
vicinity of this city, will take place next
Sunday. This year but three clubs have
entered the contest— the Olympic and Bay
City clubs of this city and the Garden
Citys of San Jose. This Is because the
other clubs have not the necessary mate
rial to fit out a team of ten men, with ten
additional as trailers, and the large force
of judges and clerks necessary, so to the
three big clubs the contest Is left.
The Bay City Club won perpetual pos
session of the Varney cup three years
ago, and to perpetuate the race annually
Leavitt & Bill of this city offered another
beautiful trophy, which has already been
won once by the Bay Citys and once by
the Olympics. It .has to be won three
times to become the property of a club.
Sunday's race will start at 9 a. m. sharp
at - the • corner • of Larkin and McAllister
streets, ¦ thence down Larkin and Ninth
streets and out of the city via Potrero
avenue and the San Bruno road, passing
through San Mateo, Redwood City, Menlo
and other points en route to San Jose;
then returning on the Oakland side of the
bay, the finish being in Alameda on Cen
tral avenue, , near Grand street, about
four hours and a half after, the start if all
goes well. The finish of the race is an in
teresting sight and always attracts
throngs of people.
The following are ¦' the names of the
riders entered in Sunday's, race:
The Annual Hundred Mile Race At
tracts the Pick of the Ama
teurs of the Pacific
Bay City, Garden City and
Olympic Wheelmen to
Compete.
COURIERS NAMED
BY CYCLE CLUBS
FOR THE RELAY
The field was a trifle heavy from the
previous night's rain and the surface waa
loose, not giving the ponies the foothold
to which they are accustomed at Burlin
game. It was near the end of the first
period before either side scored. When
Peter Martin, the referee, threw the first
ball In "Joe" Tcbln took possession, but
was soon displaced by "\\ aterbury, -who
ran it toward the opposing team's goal.
Hobart was the next to get possession,
and he just missed a goal, the ball going
outside the posts. When the ball was
thrown in Joe Tobin was again the first
to get it. Waterbury drove it down the
field and then overshot it In a big gallop.
t>riscoll In two great drives sent it outside
the boundary line just by the posts. The
reds lost the ball on an off-side play, thus
witnessed by the largest assemblage of
spectators ever attracted to a similar con
test in this district. They came in four-in
hands and in simple phaetons, on horse
back and in streetcars, and quickly dis
tributed themselves about the picturesque
natural amphitheater In which the eight
clever horsemen met. The dramatic inci
dent of the day was furnished by John
Lawson, the unlucky, one of whose ponies
died under him. It is presumed a blood
vessel burst, as just at the end of a sharp
scrimmage the pony staggered forward a
few steps, then sank to Its knees. Lawson
stepped off and the pony rolled over on Its
back. He died immediately. A number of
the park policemen fastened their riataa
to him and dragged him off the field. Thia
was the only unpleasant incident of the
afternoon.
T7 A WHENCE WATERBURY. a mem
ber cf Foxhall Keane's polo team,
II j> the acknowledged champions of
America, did brilliant work in the
pame played yesterday afternoon in
cjolden Gate Park. His team, the whites,
won by a score of S to 3 goals, and of these
he contributed three. He was aided In a
marked degree by Walter Hobart. The
latter scored one goal and placed the ball
for Waterbury when he drove it between
the winning poets twice in quick succes
sion In the last moments of the game.
The winning team was made up of three
of the men who have just returned from
the polo fields of Southern California,
where they swept everything before them.
The fourth member of the champion team.
"Tom" Driscoll. was replaced by Richard
M. Tobln, Driscoll playing his usual sen
national game on the opposing side. . He
scored the first goal for his team. "Joe"
Tobin adding; the other two.
The game was one long thrill from start
to finish. The spectators frequently broke
into applause which the brilliancy of the
play forced from them, although the ma
jority of those viewing it had no technical
knowledge of the pastime. The game was.
giving the whites a free shot at It. As
the outcome of this play Waterbury ran
the ball down the middle of the field and
scored the first goal.
Hobart scored the next goal, and shortly
afterward Driscoll made a 50-yard drive,
placing the ball squarely between the
posts. The score was 2 to 1 in favor of the
whites. "Joe" Tobln evened the score
shortly afterward. He scored a third goal
for his side, despite the eff&rts put forth
by R. M. Tobin and Walter Hobart.
Charley Dunphy evened the score after a
hot scrimmage. Waterbury, aided by the
brilliant work of Hobart, scored two goals
in the last period, the whites thus win
ning by a score of S to 3. The teams were
made up as follows:
Whites. Position. Reds.
C. Dunphy 1 J. S. Tobln
"W. S. Hobart 2 T. Drlscoll
Jj. Waterbury 3 J. Laweon
H. M. Tobln 4 C. R. Duval
The play was fast and exciting through
out and formed a series of moving pic
tures of never-ending variety, the central
figures belns the eight ponies on the field
and their riders.
There is a possibility of a game being
played to-morrow afternoon. The ponies
are all on the ground, and there would be
but little additional trouble in arranging
other details. As it is purely the aim of
the Burlingame men to popularize polo,
this would be an excellent opportunity.
Many people could avail of the chance
offered to witness the game who would
never see it if played only at Burlingame.
Asbury Park quarters. He says he la fit
for the battle, and nobody who saw him
to-day would doubt his statement.
Masses of muscles stand out all over his
body, and he seems as strong as the pro
verbial ox. His confidence in his ability
to whip Corbett is convincing. The cham
pion is not much given to long speeches.
He restricts himself to concise and blunt
statements, and when asked his opinion
about the outcome he said: "I'll beat Cor
bett, and I'll do the trick in short order."
Corbett Confident.
Corbett honestly believes that he will
defeat Jeffries.
"I know," ho said to some friends who
visited him, "that all smart fellows
think I'm dead, but I'll prove to them to
morrow night that I am the liveliest pugi
listic corpse they ever saw. I've trained
properly for this bout, have taken plenty
of time to get into condition, and as a
result my health is better to-day than
at any" period during my career as a fight
er. I will enter the ring weighing 1S5
pounds— five pounds more than when I
fought Fitzsimmons, and 100 per cent
stronger than when Lanky Bob beat me.
Jeffries has always been pretty lucky in
his fights, getting away without so much
as a blackened eye or bruised face, but
I'd like to bet he'll have a few marks on
him after he and I finish our bout at
Coney Island to-morrow night."
The advance sale of tickets for the fight
is said to have been very large. LTp to
last night it was reported that $22,000
worth of seats had been sold. The arti
cles of agreement call for twenty-five
rounds. Marquis of Queensberry rules to
govern. Hitting with one arm free will
be allowed, and each man will be ex
pected to take care-- of himself on the
breakaway. The men will enter the ring
at half past 9 o'clock.
At Jeffries' Home.
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— In spite of the
fact that this is the home of the cham
pion pugilist, there is no betting In, Los
Angeles on the Jeffries-Corbett fight. The
sporting fraternity does not appear anx
ious to put up $2 against $1 on a thing
they consider sure. The Jeffries people
are all sanguine about the outcome, but
are waiting for money at 10 to 7. One
poolseller offered to place money either
way at 2 to 1. Even this willingness did
not find a hearty response. From
present appearances, less money will be
placed than on any previous Jeffries
event. At Jeffries' home the usual quiet
ness prevails. If the family is deeply con
cerned no outward evidence is shown.
Interest Lukewarm Here.
That only a lukewarm interest Is taken
in the meeting of Corbett and Jeffries by
the sporting men of this city is shown by
the betting. But little money has been
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Absence of
pronounced betting interest is a
conspicuous feature of the heavy
weight championship battle to
take place to-morrow night in the
arena of the Seaside Sporting Club. Sev
eral reasons are advanced for the lack of
big wagers. One is that the leading
sporting men' are afraid to bet because of
the stories concerning Corbett's wonder
fully improved condition. While friends
of the former champion hope for the best,
they believe that the alleged improve
ment in Corbett's soundness is not so
marvelous as his trainers say it is. They
cannot believe that a man who has lived
as Corbett has can ever regain his former
strength and ability to cope succeasfully
wlth a ragged opponent. They know that
"Pompadour Jim" is far more clever with
his hands and feet than the powerful
young champion, but they doubt the stor
ies about improvement in his strength,
Etamina, capacity for punishment and
ability .to. deliver blows with aufflcient
force to make an effective impression on
the hard-muscled boiler-maker.
"[f Jim were only as good as he was
en the night he fought Sullivan," say the
former champion's friends, "we would
not hesitate to show our faith in his pu
gilistic prowess by backing him heavily,
but we do not believe the conqueror of
John L. is anywhere near the form he
showed on .that memorable night in New
Orleans."
Jeffries Money Plentiful.
There is plenty of Jeffries money in
sight. Friends of the Los Angeles Her
cules say that Jeffries' exhibition with
Sharkey clearly proved his claim to the
title of heavy-weight champion. In that
contest Jeffries practically fought the en
tire battle with one hand. A very good
judge of fighters who takes this view of
Jeffries' ability is "Rat" Masterson of
Denver. Masterson has always been an
admirer of Corbett and has bet on hire
in all his battles heretofore, but he has
said "that he couldn't figure "Jim" as
winner at this time.
"I know Corbett like a book," said Wi
A. Brady yesterday. "He is one of the
most nervous men in the world. He is
absolutely fearful of the result of a fight
as soon as he steps into a ring. This feel
ing grows on him as the fight progresses
and lasts usually for five or six rounds.
I calculate that Jeffries will beat him dur
ing, the period of his nervous spell. The
Los Angelesan is - absolutely devoid of
fep.r. He never worries." ; *
Jeffries finished his training to-day with
a short walk on the road in the morning,
and during the remainder of the day told
stories and Joked with his trainers at his
watered at Harry Corbett's in either the
straight betting or the mutuels. In the
former Jeffries Is favorite at odds of 10
to 3H- They are also betting even money
he will win in twelve round3. In th"*
mutuels Jeffries to in the greater demand.
The play is paltry as compared with that
on the Jeffries-Sharkey fight. On that oc
casion 12.000 tickets were sold. The total
at closing time last night was 41S. The
tickets sold on the different lines were:
Jeffries. Rounds. Corbett.
1C2 1 to 7 •••»
1X0 8 to 13 ?
7* H to IS I I.
21 19 to 23 >
28 2t and over **
K3 95
JAMES J. JEFFRIES, CHAMPION PUGILIST OF THE WORLD.
Sports Are Somewhat Doubtful of the Reports Sent Out
Concerning the Condition of Former
Champion Corbett
ONLY A LITTLE MONEY
IS BET ON THE FIGHT
WHITES DEFEAT THE REDS
ON THE PARK POLO FIELD
Lawrence Waterbury, an Eastern Ghampion,- ln.omas
Driscoll, Walter hobart and the Tobins All
Disnlav Cleverness
Time Card to Be Run Off at Ingle
• •' ' side — A Large Entry." ¦- '
List.
An open stake, .with ninety-six en
tries, will be run. at the Ingleside Cours
ing Park to-morrow and Sunday. The
dogs are of high class and some exciting
sport is promised. Last night's drawing
resulted as foi.ows: j
Open stake, ninety-six entries — D. Toland's
Twilight Jr. vs. Russell, Allen I & Wilson's
Chicago Boy; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl vs.
M. J. Kelly's Night Time; W. Stark'a Thun
derbolt vs. J. Potter's Ilemus; Connell Bros.'
St. Helen vs. J. Sutton (names) Mayflower;
W. Kramer's Jesse Moore 'vs. J. Burns' Eleven
Spot; K. M. KelloRg's Kid McCoy vs. J. I.
O'Brien's Pasha Queen; J. Sutton (names)
Master Lawrence vs. Bartels Bros.' Betsy Bar
row; F. Passon's Kitty Scott vs. Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Belle Claire; J. Caveney's
Juliette vs. D. E. Wlely's High Born Lady;
Sterl & Knowles" Amorosa vs. C B. Charles
worth's Crawford Lass; Kay Bros.' Hawker
vs. Connell Bros.' Green Isle; M. Michlltki's
Terronite vs. G. W. Henty's Coquette; J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael vs. P. Rellly's Beauty
Rose; J. I. O'Brien's Wanderlns Tom vs. E.
Fallon's Lily of the West; Farley Bros.' St.
Casimer vs. J. Shannon's Safe Guard; J. P.
Thrift's Tired Out vs. H. A. Deckelman's
Rocker; Captain Kane's Miss T'endon vs. A.
L. Austin's Firm Foe;' E. Bennett's Reydell
\s. W. Cramer's (names) Onward; E. Bau
meister's Warrior vs. J. Burns' Nellie B;
Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara vs. Connell Bros.'
Minnie Pleasant; R. E. de B. Lopez's Wanda
vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Wonder; J. P. Thrift's
Tar of Hill vs. J. C. Williams' California; J.
E. Shamble's -Hot Foot vs. D. O'Connell'B
Fatan; J. Burns' Olympus vs. F. Herring's
St. Elmo; G. Plnto's Mischief vs. Bartel Bros.'
Best Barealn; S. Handy'a Lady Hugo vb.
Curtis & Son's McKlnley; . Land & Gerber'a
Rienzl vs. J. P. Thrift's The Jester; D. Ford's
Bonita vs. Lowe & Thompson's Kings Bord
erer: A. Johnson's Lowlander vs. H. A. Deck
elman's Glen Chloe; W. Ryan's Grand Marshal
VB. J. McKnell'B Captain Burns; J. Hums' Bat
tleship VS. M. Dillon's (names) Jolly Rover:
Connell Bros.' Clover vs. J. Hollaway'u Brian
lioru: D. Shannon's Strand of Gold vs. P.
Brophy's Benicia Boy; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Miss Cable vs. Farley Bros.' Morse Pa
trol: 8. Handy's Free and Easy. vs. A. John
son's Tod Sloan; E. M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma
vs. J. Farrell's (names) Cash Dale;. H. G.
Nichols' Miss Herschel vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal; E. M. Kellogg's Iowa Boy vs. J.
Kennedy's Ever Shore; A. Vande.nberg's
Naughty Girl vs. M. Dillon's (names) Chal
lenger: J. McKnell'a Pearl Mac vs. -J. Fred
rlckson's Miss Fireball; Bartels Bros.' Win
ning Style vs. J. Rothman's Minerva; Lowe &
Thompson's St. Orrln vb. F. McComb's Motto:
J. Mooney'H Silent Treasure vs. Connell Bros.'
Dunmore; J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson vs.
George McDougal's Spindle; P. K. Carter's
Lottie C vs. G. Plnto's Glad. Hand; Condrey &
nought's Royal Lady v«. J. P. Thrift's For
net: J. Kennedy's 'Wine West vs. G. W.
Helntz's Rustic Beauty; F. Mac's Delia M
vs. .F. McComb's One Spot.
FAST DOGS WILL COURSE
FOR EXCELLENT PRIZES
A. Johnson's dogs, Tod Sloan and Low
lander, reached the final in the midweek
stake at Ingleside Coursing Park yetter
day, and their owner drew down first and
second money without running them to a
decision. The talent showed good judg
ment in picking favorites, save in a few
instances, and but four short ends suc
ceeded in raising {he flag during the en
tire stake. Independent won a course in
the run down against Lady Shamrock .on
the short end at 1" to 2." Both are new
dogs and were unheard of until yesterday,
their first time out. , The bettors gave
odds on an even thing for no other reason
than to make a gamble.
Lowlander beat Mount Ida in the first
tie after an undecided. In the first course
the dogs were selling at even money, but
in the second Lowlander went on the
short end at 2Vi to 1. He showed the speed
clean through and won as he pleased.
Green Isle3 beat Jesse Moore in the first
tie at 3 to 5 on a tluke. Jesse led well
and would have won. but the hare fav
ored Green Isle at every turn and Judge
Cramer's dog lost the race on a close
score.
At the same odds Tod Sloan got the. flag
from Firm Foe. Tod won strictly on
merit, beating his opponent pointless. The
odds offered were false. '
The day's results, with Judge P. J.
Reilly's official scores, follow:
Midweek stake — \V. Cramer's Jesse Moore
beat S. Mahoney-s Chief of the Hill, 4—3: Con
r.ell Bros." Green Isle beat T. Passon's Kittle
Scott, 5 — 3; A. L. Austin's Finn Foe beat S.
Mahoney'a Nellie G., A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan beat Farley Bros.' St. Casimcr, 4—0; J.
Kennedy's Wine West beat P. Retlly's Beauty
Rose, S — 0; Lowe & Thompson's King's Uor
derer beatlJ. Shannon's Strand of Gold, 8 — I;
D. Dillon's Prince George beat K. Casserly"s Si
lence, 5 — 0; N. Hartery's Independent beat Far
ley Bros.' Lady Shamrock, 10—0: T. J. Mc-
Hugh's Maid of the Mill beat A. F. Moore's De
cency. 7—3: D. Ford's Bonita beat J. Flowers'
Keystone. 7 — 1; A. Johnson's Lowlander beat
Connell Bros.' Clover, S — 1; Lande & Gerber'n
Mount Ida beat J. Ilolloway's Brian Boru. 6—1;
J. Keenan'8 Royal. Oak beat D. K. Cartter's
Tottle C, &— 3; S. Handy' b Free and Easy beat
F. McComb's Storm King, 7—0; Lowe & Thotnp- !
son's Little Fullerton beat Charles Kohl's
Sweet Briar, 6—3; D. Shannon's Safeguard beat
J. Keenan's Mlra Monte. 6 — 0: J. Kennedy's
Kvershore beat H. A. Deckelman's Mortlla.
11—3; F. C. Mack's Delia M. beat Malier &
Reid's Sincleton, 6—2.
First tie— dreen Isle beat Jesse Moore, 7—3;
Tod Sloan beat Firm Foe, 5— »; King's Borderer
beat Wine West, 6 — 5; Prince George beat Inde
pendent, 7— 4; "Bonita beat Maid of the Mill.
6 — 1; Lowlander beat Mount -Ida. 6 — 1: Free and
Easy beat Royal Oak, 12-2: Little Fullerton
beat Safeguard, $—1; Delia M. beat Everahore,
6—6.
Second tie— Tod Sloan beat Green Isle. 6— 1;
King's Borderer beat Prince Gforge, 7—6; Low
lender beat Bonita.. 7—2; Little Fullerton beat
Free and Easy. 10—1; Delia M. a bye.
Third tie — Tod Sloan beat King's Borderer,
10—0; Lowlander beat Delia M. — ; Little Full
erton, a bye.
Fourth tie— Tod Sloan beat Little Fullerton,
G — 0: Lowlander a bye.
Final — Not contested.
Favorites Have Their Day at Ingle
side Coursing Park and Cap- ¦
ture All but Four of the
Events.
Tod Sloan and Lowlander
Win First and Second
in Midweek Stake.
JOHNSON'S DOGS
DIVIDE HONORS
IN THE FINAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
NEW YORK. May 10.— Results at Mor
ris Park:
Blx furlons*— Contestor won. Magnificent «ec
ond. Withers third. Time. 1:U.
Five furlongs — Hermoso won, Algareta second,
Draw Lad third. Time. 1:02.
One mile, selling— Woodtrice won. Hood'*
Brigade second. Frangible third. Time. 1:44%.
Four furlongs— The Cuban Girl won, Bonnie
Halite second. The Bronze Demon third. Time,
:50H-
Mile — The Lady won. Molo second. Nobleman
third. Time. 1:43%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Dr. Walmsley
won. Topmast second. Red Pirate third. Time,
X:«%.
Four and a half furlonire— Garry Herrmann
won. Robert Waddell second, Invictus third.
Time. :56>4.
CHICAGO, May 10.— Weather clear,
track good at Lakeside to-day. Results:
LOUISVILLE. May 10.— Jnst a week ago
to-day Lieutenant Gibson' palloped home
an easy winner of the Kentucky Derby,
and his share of the stake was $3000. To
day he made Owner C. H. .Smith of Chi
cago 53500 richer by winning for him the
Clark stakes at a mile and an eighth.
He had to carry 127 pounds — a lot of
weight — but he equaled the track recorfl
for the distance, 1:54 flat. Results:
Blx furlongs— Winter won. Peter Duryea sec
ond, O'Conee third. Time. 1:15. k
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Compensation
won. Lennep second. Lillian Reed third. Time,
1:4*^4.
Five furlongs, selling — Denman Thompson
won, Lugo second, Irving: Mayor third. Time,
1:02.
Clarke stakes, mile and an eighth— Lieutenant
Gibeon won. Flaunt second, Dleudonne third.
Time. 1:54.
Four and a half furlongs — Isobel won, Esther
Riggs necond. Ethel Wheat third. Time, zZ5.
Six furlongs, selling — Judge Wardwell won,
Vohlcar second, Isabhida third. Time, 1:11.
a Track Record.
Captures the Clark Stakes and Equals
gibson a vrmmrEXL
Burlingame Club Horsemen Play Brilliantly Before a Big Assemblage.
PITTSBTJILCr WXN"S.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOUKS. 8 to 8; SUNDAYS, 10. to 4.
MAIN OFFICE ..PORTLAND
New York Dental Parlors,
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our Utn
scientific method applied to the gums, .s j
elffp-productng agents or Cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In flan
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply *uM
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth (3. a perfect tit guaranteed or do pay.
Gold crown;". |5. Gold fillings. It Silver fill-
ings. 60c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' exp^rlenew. anrl
each department In charge of a specialist. OIt»
ss a call, and you will tlnd us to do ncactlv
as we advertise. "We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREB
EXAMINATION.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
1A/. X. HESS.
NOTARY POBLIJ AHi> ATTOHHKY-AT-LAW.
T«nth Floor. Room 1013. Clam Sprcckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, ill CalUorai* »t-. below PowsU.
Baa FrmncUco. .' ¦ •
That'e the time for the use of Cascarets
Candy Cathartic. If the babe be suckling,
the mother makes her milk mildly purga-
tive by eating Cascaret. Older infants
«¦;¦ i a little piece like candy. In all cases
Cascarets are mild out positive, never gTip
nor gripe, stop sour stomach, move the
bowels naturally, and put things right as
they should be.
Now, Mamma, buy and try Cascarets to-
day. It's what they do. not what we say
they'll do, proves their merit. AH drug-
gists. 10c, 25c or 50c, or mailed for price,
bend for booklet and free sample. Ad-
dress Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago; Mon-
treal Can., or New York.
y .. v Tnls Is the CASCARET tab-
i da fa m l ' et - Every tablet of the only
I If If II I genuine Cascarets beam tht
I U? li* h J magic letters "C C C." Look
K A at the tablet before you buy,
Nl * and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
The Ft i >mach and bowels of the baby are
sources of constant discomfort. The milk
food sours in the baby's delicate little in-
eides. and forms curd, and the fermenta-
tion of this undigested substance makes
i-'upfs which produce wind colic Then the
little people begin to scream with agony,
end the excited mother or nurse pours
down the physic.
The slaughter of the innocents was
nothing in comparison with the destruc-
tion of infants caused by "physic."
Not so very long ago the poor little suf-
ferers were usually forced to swallow vio-
lent purges, anu it was luck if they got
over it all rlent.
Use of a Rational Remedy — Every
Mother Shsdd Heed the Warning.
A Mciace to M&nVicd Easily Avoided by the
gerous Purgatives.
Careless Mothers Who Use Dan-
KILL THE BABIES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fclMCTROZONE:
jK^CURES I
When Other Remedies Fail—
The most obstinate cases of
Rheumatism. «¦¦>*. «
Kidney and Bladder Ailments,
fct imach Troubles. - i
Female Complaints,
Ntrv usnesrt.
Catarrh. «n'l
All Wood Diseases.
: Thousand* willingly testify to the
merits of thla great curative. <
At DrnjgUts, Baai for pmm;Met to
$1 bottle. ELEOTR0Z0KS ST0.
CO., Stn Trmiiaa.
These Are t
the Most j
Successful 1
Specialists
in America.
Free J
Consultation.
No Pay
Till Cured. ;
!731 Market St., S. F.
Elevator Entrance. HOURS— Dally. 8
to 5; Evenings. 7 to 8; Sundays. 9 to 11.
HOME CURES. FREh BOOK.
fgU r LA I tS tv^iiftSi*^MISS PHOEBE PAINTER
TO WED DR. G. P. POND
Honorary president. Mm. Leland Stanford
honorary vice presidents. Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst.
Mrs. A. J. Pope; president. Mrs. Cyrus Walker
vice presidents. Mrs. I^ouis Sloss. Mrs. Charles
Clayton; secretaries. Miss Vlrsrlnla Fitch Miss
Mary L. Browne; treasurer. Mrs. E. B. Cutter
directors—Mrs. Inland Stanford. Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst. Mrs. Cyrus Walker, Mrs. Charles B
Alexander. Mrs. Louis Slosn. Mrs. B. F Nor-
The twentieth ' annual meeting of the
Golden Gate Kindergarten Association
was held yesterday. The report shows
that forty-four kindergartens were or
ganized since the beginning of the work,
twenty-three of which are In active oper
ation. Ten of these are memorial kin
dergartens. Mrs. Leland Stanford support
ing five. Mrs. Cyrus "Walker one, Mrs. B.
F. Morris one and Mrs. M. L. Bradley
one. Added to these Mrs. Hearst also
supported five.
For the present year the following of
ficers have been elected:
Kindergarten Association's Work
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Mr*. H. Vtobl'ison against F. Robinson,
for failure to Dfortde: I^t'tia A. Williams
against Dnnlej J. Williams, for failure to
provide: Will'am A. Schneider against
Dagmar Srh-ieUler. for desertion, and
Mrs. A. MMron against Thomas Milton.
• failure tt» yrovtcte. * : a ;- •... ; .
Mrs. Mary E. Hill filed suit yesterday
for a divorce from her husband. ex-Coro
ner Dr. Ed E. Hill, on the ground of
cruelty. Dr. Hill Is. in addition, the de
fendant In a suit fcr alimony instituted
by Mrs. Hill. Decrees of divorce were
granted yesterday to Mrs. E. G. Lee from
R. Lee, on the ground of willful neglect;
Marie Fontanel from Loui3 J. Fontanel.
for extreme cruelty; Leors E. Rhodes
from Frances A. Rhodes, for Infidelity;
Catherine Gill from John GUI, for ex
treme cruelty, and Catherine Thornton
from Robert Thornton, for willful neg
lect.
In the Divorce Court.
meeting of the County Committee last
evening, and in respect to his memory an
adjournment was taken until the 21st
lnst. ' ,
ris. Mrs. Timothy Hopkins. Mrs. Ira Pierce.
Mrs. F. A. Frank. Mrs. Mary W. Klncaid. Miss
Virginia Fitch.
One dollar to Santa Rosa and return by
the California Northwestern ;Ry. (lessee
S. F. . and ¦¦ N. : . P. ¦• Ry.) • Sunday. May ¦ 13.
Leave' Tiburon , ferry Sunday, 8 and 9-30
a. " m. • On the return, : leave Santa Rosa
3:25 and 6:30 p. m, « •
The ProgressH-e Woman's Oil Company,'
of which Clara Foltz, : Julia A. Bettys,
Carolyn G. Holmes, -A. Rosamond , Haw
kins and Ella C. Wheeler are ; directors,
Incorporated • yesterday. 'The ' capital
stock Is $100,000, of which $100 has been
subscribed.
A Woman's Oil Company.
Lawrence Hoey. -.a 'well-known" politl
clan, ex-Assemblyman and member of th<
Republican* County Committee from th(
Thirty-second .Assembly District, died a
his residence Wednesday last. He was r
native of.New York, 40 years of age.. An
nouncement of his death was made at the
Death of Lawrence Hoey.
Denies That She Got Intoxicated.
Miss A. Pohlmann. formerly a matron
at the County Hospital of Sonoma County,
Is very indignant at the statements con
cerning her at the hearing of the charges
against Dr. M. M. Shearer, resident phy-
Eic'an of that Institution. She denies em
phatically that she was ever intoxicated
while at the hospital or that she was ever
addicted to the use of Intoxicating liquors..
The will of Emma F. "Jennings, who
died May 5, leaving an estate worth be
tween 15000 and $10,000, was filed' yester
day for probate. The entire estate is
bequeathed to George I. Ives, a stock
broker at 324 , Pine street.* Decedent's
nieces, Mrs. Jennie Diady and Bessie and
Kmma Searight, who are her oniy rela
tives,were not mentioned in, the will.
Emma F. Jennings' Will.
Judge Cabaniss, on an affidavit filed bj
Mrs. Marceau, has issued a warrant fo;
the arrest of Colonel Marceau. charginj
him with kidnaping. Bonds were tlxei
at $5000, bail at $2000. Effort will be mad
to'have him Indicted by the Grand Jury
The warrant will be telegraphed East am
an effort made to head off the doughtj
colonel, who is now on his way to th«
Paris Exposition with his -son, Theo
dore Jr. :
Warrant Out for Marceau.
The directors of the San Francisco an<
San Mateo Agricultural Association, witl
which is merged the Horse Show Associa
tlon of this city, have selected the tw<
weeks from September 24 to October 6 fo:
their flrst annual meeting. The attraction:
will include an open air horse show, ex
hibtt of livestock, trotting races, pole
and polo pony races. The competitiv.
events will be held on Tanforan track
while the various exhibitions will be hel<
on adjoining ground.
Horse Show Dates.
United States Circuit Court Takes Up
Their Writ of Habeas
Corpus.
The United States Circuit Court of^Ap
peals at ita session yesterday heard* the
ca*« of Louis Salla. Morris Flynn, Napo
leon Novella, John Lucinette, Dennis
O'Rourke and others, come up on a writ
of error from the United States District
Court of the Northern District of Idaho.
The appellants are miners who took part
In the great strike in Idaho in April of
Ia»t year. They were ,-onvicted of hav
ing obstructed and retarded United States
malls between the towns of Burke and
Wallace by capturing a railway train.
This was the same train on which the
strikers proceeded to the Bunker Hill and'
Sullivan Mining and Concentrating Com
pany and blew up the works with dyna
mite. Judpe Beatty of Idaho imposed a
fine of $1000 each and sentenced them to
twenty-two months' Imprisonment in the
California penitentiary at San Quentin.
Reddy. Campbell & Metson appeared on
behalf of the appellants and moved a
continuance of the hearing until May 22,
Mr. Reddy beintf too ill to make the ar
gument. The motion was granted.
IDAHO STRIKERS ASK
FOR ANOTHER TRIAL
Chief Electrician Hewitt Submits a
Plan to Have Municipal Wires
in City Hall.
The members of the Supervisors' Fira
Committee and Chief Electrician Hewitt
will consult with the Mayor to-day for
the purpose of submitting a plan for a
central, station which will contain all tho
municipal wires for signal service. Includ
ing the fire alarm and police telegraph.
Tho place selected by the department of
electricity is the interior court in tho
City Hall, which Hewitt claims is an ideal
place for the proposed system.
It is intended to Jit up the station with
a marble switchboard and 2500 cells of
storage battery. It will be what Is known
asa 70-circuit office, and will cost about
$50,000. Hewitt eays that such stations
are now in successful operation in East
ern cities.
WANT CENTRAL STATION
FOR SIGNAL SERVICE
Xrectured. on Socialism.
MIfs Frances Nacke lectured last night
et the Academy of Sciences Hall on "The
Child and Socialism." The lecture was
enfler the auspice? of San Francisco sec
tion of the Socialist I^abor party.
A trarrart was Issued by Judge Fritz
yf-stprflay for the arrest of Louis Bc»l or.
a charge of battery. Tuesday night Borel
¦while ridJng a bicycle at Stevenson and
Nir.th streets knocked down Joseph
Gr?cn. a boy, who lives at 23 Ninth street.
Both bones cf the boy's left leg were
fractured.
Broke a Boy's Leg.
The offers of several individuals to sell
the city a water supply system were con
sidered at a meeting of the Supervisors'
Committee on Public Utilities last night.
J. E. Russell explained his proposition to
pipe 150,000,000 gallons of water .dally from
ti»c north and middle forks of the Amer
ican River. City Engineer Grunsky'was
present and stated that immense quan
tities of water were going to waste at
the points named. Russell claims to own
S20 acres of land on both sides of the
river. The diversion of waters, he said,
would affect the rights of other users,
and the water would have to be stored.
Russell said he did not own any reservoir
sites and the American Ditch Company
and Folsom Water Company would prob
ably oppose the use of the water by other
parties. Hydraulic mining operations are
being carried on thirty miles above Rus
sell's property.
M. C. Taylor offered to sell his power
and water right of the North and Middle
Yuba rivers for $175,000. It would cost
$12,000,000 to deliver 60,000.000 gallons daily
ln this city by a two-pipe line. His right
comprised a flow of 175,000,000 gallons
daily in the dryest season-- Taylor said
there was only one party appropriating
the water above his property, and no one
used it below the point to which he had
a recorded right.
Chairman Reed reported that another
offer had been made by the Yuba Electric
and Power Company, which has an aver
age flow of 162,000,000 gallons daily, at
boo feet above sea level. The storage ca
pacity Is well developed by a system of
fakes, and power could be sold to Oak
land.
Further consideration of the various of
fers was pqstponed until next Thursday's
meeting. '
Supervisors' Committee on Public
Utilities Holds a Meeting and
Considers Merits of Prop
ositions Submitted.
Several Plans for Supplying
San Francisco Are
OFFER WATER TO
THE CITY FOR A
CONSIDERATION
"Craig's reputation is bad," he said. "I
would not believe him under oath if his
testimony was contradicted by a reputable
person. I have reason to believe that ho
gave false testimony In the Von TIedeman
case. He swore that certain deeds in that
case were regularly acknowledged beforti
him, when," in fact, such was not the
case."
James K. Lynch, cashier of the First
National Bank, said that he believed
Craig's character as well as his reputa
tion to be bad, and added that he would
not accept his Identification at the , bank
because he would not believe him. .
"How long have you questioned Craig's
honesty?" was asked. '
"For more than nineteen years," the
witness responded. "And I once attempt
ed to have him removed from office, but
failed."
Joseph Hutchinson, a Palo Alto lawyer
and capitalist, said that E. C. Harrison
and W. W. Chase had told him that Craig
was not to be trusted. On cross-examin
ation, however, it developed that Craig
and Hutchinson had engaged In a busi
ness controversy, and Lafe Pence suggest
ed that doubtless this faet influenced his
opinion. W. Cf Spencer, P. J. Curtis and
Jamea K. Monatt also testified that
Craig's reputation for truth, honesty and
integrity was not good.
George W. • Hopkins and* Charles C.
Fisher gave testimony regarding a real
estate transaction -which in a measure
tangled up the business hours on days
Mrs. Craven said the Senator was out
with her. Thomas S. Andrews, James M.
Wilkins and Herbert ; Clarke gave similar
testimony, after, which an adjournment
was taken. :
Counsel. for the respondents announced
that three witnesses would be called next
Monday and the case; would then close so
far as they were concerned. Mrs. Craven
will then be given an opportunity to pro
duce her rebuttal witnesses. >
Counsel representing the executors of the
Fair estate as well as the heirs have con
tended from the start that Craig did not
adhere to the truth. As there was no way
to disprove his assertion, however, but for
the purpose of creating a doubt in the
mind of the court regarding his assertion
several witnesses were called yesterday
to testify as to his reputation for truth,
honesty and Integrity. The first witness
on this line was Edgar D. Pelxotto, for
mer Assistant District Attorney.
Lee D. Craig's reputation for truth,
honesty and integrity was the main issue
in the Fair-Craven trial before Judge
Troutt yesterday. Two months ago Craig
appeared as a witness on behalf of Mrs.
Craven and testified that Senator Fair and
Mrs. Craven appeared before him and ac
knowledged the authenticity and legality
of the marriage contract on which Mrs.
Craven-Fair now seeks a widow's por
tion of the dead millionaire's estate. He
said the acknowledgment was made. In a
doorway on Sutter street and was never
placed on record, as Senator Fair was
overanxious that the fact of his marriage
should bo kept secret from his children
and the world.
Respondents Being Unable to Dis
prove That He Acknowledged
Marriage Contract Attack
His Veracity.
Witnesses Testify Against
Him During Hearing
of Fair Case.
LEE D. CRAIG'S
REPUTATION IS
PUT IN ISSUE
"The action of Superintendent Webster
in declaring the certificate of Mme. Gif
fard Illegal is absurd. There are more
than a hundred certificates held by teach
ers that are in the same cate
gory as that of Mme. Glffard.
Webster claims that her certifi
cate lapsed before she had it re
newed, and he therefore takes snap Judg
ment on the woman. Now. everybody
knows that certificates for special teach
ers are granted on the smallest provoca
tion, and It is a fact that though Mme.
Giffard failed to renew her certificate
within the legal period it is also a fact
that another certificate was issued by
the Board of Examiners upon her cre
dentials as a graduate from a French
academy, and also upon her original cer
tificate. This of itself Is a legal proceed
ing, and on these grounds the board be
lieves the certificate of Mme. Giffard to
be a legal one."
Superintendent Webster agrees with
Denman that the laws regarding certifi
cates for special teachers are rather loose,
but he still contends that Mme. Glffard's
certificate is not valid. In that connection
Webster says that the State Educational
Commission will seek to correct that de
fect at the next Legislature by having a
law passed requiring a special teacher to
have a regular certificate to teach after
an examination. Regarding Denman's
statement that there are more than a hun
dred illegal certificates in existence, Web
ster fays that it is Denman's duty to
point out where they are, and an investi
gation will follow. Webster says that
Deputy Superintendent Kingsbury has
probed the subject and has been able to
find but one certificate about which there
appears to be any question.
The Board of Education has taken Issue
with Superintendent of Schools Webster
In the case of Mme. Giffard, special
teacher of French. Chairman Mark an
nounced yesterday that her certificate,
which had been declared llllegal by Web
ster, is held to be valid by the board. Di
rector Denman agrees with his colleague
on the point, but as Superintendent Web
ster has refused to sign the demand of
Mme. Giffard it Is difficult to see what
benefit she will derive from the board's
decision. The Auditor will decline to audit
any demands of the School Department
unless countersigned by the Superintend
ent. Denman In discussing the subject
yesterday said:
Director Denman Claims Credentials
of Special French Teacher Are
Valid, but Is Opposed by
"Webster.
Board of Education Takes
Issue With the School
Superintendent.
MRS. GIFFARD'S
CERTIFICATE IS
A LEGAL PAPER
Richard McCann. the boy's father, was
nt Madera when the news of the disaster
reached him. He at once telegraphed for
further details, and then became satisfied
•when he read the answers that his son
was,, dead. He took the 6:30 train last
night for the. East and will bring the re
mains home should they prove to b©
those' of his son.
About two weeks ago Dave McCann. son
of Richard McCann. the contractor, aim
feldney Jones ran away from their homes
In* San Francisco. Dave had run away
before, so his father took the matter Dhll
osophlcally, thinking that when the
lad got hungry he would' return.
Sidney s mothtr was in Sacramento when
she heard the news of her son's disao
l>earanee. She was taking part in the
street pugeant when the news was broken
to her. She was f>o shocked that for a
time her life was despaired of. She is
now In a precarious condition at 800 Van
Is ess avenue, her present residence.
When yeung McCann and Jones made ud
their minds to run away from home they
told the boys in the neighborhood of 217
Waller street (Mr. McCann's home) that
they were going to beat their way to New
York and then across the Atlantic to the
Paris Exposition. On the 6th lnst. Dave
wrote to his mother from Truckee that
they were getting along flrst rate and that
that night they were going to board a fast
freight train and beat their way to New
York. The supposition now is that the
boys were on the Union Pacific train and
were killed in the disaster at O'Neill
Siding.
"A bad wreck occurred at O'Neill Sid
ing, sixteen miles west of Rawllns. Wyo.,
on the Union Pacific, this evening. Four
men were killed and a number of others,
injured. A special fast freight eastbound
ran into an open switch and dashed down
a high embankment. * • • The dead
are Louis Banta, fireman; James John
son, lireir.an, and two boys aged about 20
years, who were stealing a ride; names
A train wreck In Wyoming has made
two families in San Francisco desolate.
The chances are that a mistake may have
been made, but the relatives expect the
worst, and the father of one of the sup
posed victims left on the overland last
night to bring buck the manpled remains
of two boys who had not yet passed out
of their teens.
A dispatch dated Cheyenne. Wyo., May
8, Bays:
"Wanted to See the East and Paris
Exposition So Tried to Beat
Their Way Across the
Continent.
Dave McCann and Sidney
Jones Supposed to Be
. the Victims.
DUMMY BOYS
MET DEATH IN
A TRAIN WRECK
Tin* Supervisors' Police Committee yes
tr-rOny instructed Oavin JlcXab, attorney
for the National Club, to produce the book
of minute* of the organization at next
Thursday's rncctlr.p in ordor to determine
If J. 1>. Oibbs Is an offie«?r of the club.
« "hit f Deputy Tax Collector Levy testl
l'»-<i tfiat h<> had made a. demand on Oibbs
for the license under', which the Nelll-
Murphy fisht was held at Mechanics' Pa
vili'.n. MrNab held that the only officers
of the clv.b are I*. Neumann, jiresident.
and IV. C F*rlsl)ie. secretary-treasurer.
Ha hr-Ui that if a^fraind had Ixren made
on either of them the license would have
t^eon produced. Groom and Glbbs, he said,
wrre only t-harrholde-rs In the concern aji.1
not odem. After McNab. Neumann and
Prtsble had retired it was discovered that
the application of th« club to jrtve a fight
In June was y'.pned "J. D. Gib&s. manager
National Club." The committee recog
nized that Levy had made a demand on
the proper person for the license, but ac
tion on the protest of the club against the
revocation of it« license by Tax Collector
Scott was postponed.
Supervisors' Police Conmittee Finds
Deputy Tax Collector Hade De
mand on Proper Official.
GIBBS IS AN OFFICER
OF THE NATIONAL CLUB
On account of the recent death of the
bride's grandfather the date of the wed
ding has not yet been set nor any de
tnlls planned for the happy t>vent.
man. Is the son of the Rev. Dr. W. C.
Pond of Bethany Church. He Is one of
the most successful of the younger physi
cians.
THE engagement of Miss Phoebe
Painter and Dr. Gardner Perry Pond
was announced yesterday. Miss
Painter Is the granddaughter of the
late D. J. Staples and the niece of Mrs.
K. S. Yeamans. She is a charming young
lady, taiented and accomplished and a
great beauty. Dr. Pond, the fortunate
'Mineral Conference. In that event it was
i* salved by the society to recommend the
appointment of Secretary Abbott to Ham
mend's place.
It was reported that $14,000 had been paid
rn the debt cf the California-street M. E.
Church during- the past year, and that the
balcnce. $11,000. had been provided for.
At a meeting- of the hoard of managers
of the San Francisco Church Extension
Society held in the OrJifornia-street Meth
cdist Episcopal Church last night resolu
tions were adopted urging the General
Conference, now In session at Chicago,
not to change section 2, paragraph 24S. of
the discipline, relating to "Imprudent and
Unchristian Conduct." Resolutions favor-
Jr.g the retention of the present time limit
for pastors as set forth In section 1, para
graph 173. cf discipline were also adopted.
The resolutions will be forwarded to-day
by I. J. Truman, president, and William
M. Abbott, secretary.
The two paragraphs referred to have
< .reasoned considerable discussion in the
conference, and there appears to be a dis
position among the members to modify
the section relating to unchristian con
duct, which provides among other things
penalties In cases of buying, selling or
using intoaticatlng liquors as a beverage,
signing petitions in favor of granting
license for the sale of intoxicating liquors,
dancing, playing at games of chance, at
tending theaters, horse races, circuses,
oaxicmg parties or patronizing dancing
schools or taking such other amusements
as are obviously of misleading or ques
tionable moral tendency.
The other i-ection. which Is liable to be
changed, provides that the presiding elder
shall not allow any preaciier to remain la
the same pastoral charge more than five
consecutive years nor more than five
y^ars in any consecutive ten. Neverthe
less, if In any case the term of live years
shall expire in the interval between the
nest-ions of the annual conference he miiy
continue him until the next session, pro
vided the time shall not be more than tix
months.
President Truman announced that Dr.
.i. D. Hammond. Pacific Coast agent of
. ne Methodist Hock Concern, will prob
.i; !y be selected for a high offlee in The
Pastors' Time Limit and
Unchristian Conduct.
Will Be Forwarded to General Con
ferenc* To-Day and Involve
Church Extension Society
Adopts Two Strong
Resolutions.
OPPOSE CHANGE
IS DISCIPLINE
OF METHODISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
Miss Phoebe Painter.
5
A *<s:~ OR- JORDAN'S great4
iHeiSEUS OF flHiTOHYJ
\ 6jr w L»tj;e»t AnMomical Museum in the \
A - ;, J-., World. Uubicvet or *nf contracted n
SS^?35 i ' :tsr V~'' itiv ' l 7 "iib4 i;)-throldevt »T
g. jT . r*l n tlw C<«it £st-3$7oar» p
A J§j^A WH-JCSDiUr- -PRIVATE DISEASES 4
S t Xj"w^r! Trtttmem prtvxahy or by letter. Kft
V I fr qr t» >i».(ic« CVre Ia every case undertaken. T
i»f I* /?, W me for Bock. ?rtfl-C*OI*nV»r A
V I Jj \\S (I4BU1AUK, HAILED FREB- (AT
h ci ll ** luible l)ocl: fo * or- J k
9 DB. JWBDAK A CO., ]0S< llartct Ht.8. F. T
My Electric Belt is used by
officers and men in the army
and navy, and by people in
every line of life. It is the
grandest cure known. It is
the best invigorant ever discov-
ered. Physicians are using it
and treating their patients with
it. It will cure you. Try it. Call
and see it, or send for my book
on curative electricity — free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
TC2 K»rket St.. Cor. Eearny. 8. T.
Ard eo-. Erriag *»4 Ceeeni SU.. Lot Aogelei.
ADVEBTISEJIEITTS.
the We&taesses of Man and Woman.
ELECTRICITY CURES
RhesnatisEi, the Kidneys, Varicosele and All
$ Jjg^ See Our Saturday Advertisement of Men's Specials "^£3 * ¦*
|: Handkerchiefs Jg" ' _^ Sg^M^rt m C? gr^ M&*% *» White Skirts. j;
$ More than 3000 Ladies' Handker- ' Handsome $1.75 /^ J: C a 5
g chiefs offered to-day "at the fol- •** -a «¦» a a t* n - Tucked Skirte with /ff>«T$\ \
\ jowing exceptional prices: T&iiOi* iJP&SSGS &£&§¥ Pfl&Om triple flounce, deep (X/'A) $
$ Sheer lawn Handkerchiefs, with «».«^,-» 2~*B &*~B^ "»-«. «_ under . flounce and \\±£ZS J
£ fancy revere hemstitch, regularly 25c f&fM&GBS&B %&28bO g Q—fU/ZSWm dnst ruffle, special /7 \ *
J. each— 1500 of them to-day at 11o TL - thisdayonly (//] A $
X All-Unen hard-embroidered Sheer igl w>- We DOUght 12^ Tailor-Made At 25 -L W 5
J£ Lawn Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, J553 r^.^Sk Hrpccpc tho nihor How mr\cr of *"~.""* «".**„- „", . >L?flrrT>\V 5
$ slight defects in manufacture, difficult C&| SfT^ UfeSSeS tne Otfier day mOSt OT Fine $1.25 Skirt. sf^J&A £
K to detect the dropped threads— to-day ££^ vT them last Season's, DUt all 01 deep lawn • flounce jgSiHlfcKk
g at about half regular prices "ySm thpm finp nmlin'p* annd StvlPS with 4 row3 of 'm
$ iicandi3c /l/.liAi inemiine qualities, gooa siyies hera3t i tchin? wnhAj 1^^ -J
It Sheer lawn Lace-Trimmed Hand- /) -y/XA *>HA and desirable COIOr^. We DOUCn* tuck* between, on •QTjL/Xr'^ *
£ kerchiefs, pome with lace insertion and /A U/yXIhSJ rh^m rhoan /7/>cc 1hnn hnlf -hrir?\ special sale t--day n^^^"^ 5
g corner/, worth loc to 25c each-to-day /f*T\ tnem Cfieap f leSS UlClil IICIIJ pHCej, on?y at q 5q g <*
si : 9o and 13c /i // \\ an{ * our P a * ron3 can buy them to-day, second noor. jj
*[ Bargain Table— Main Aisle. / // \\ Friday OFily, the Same W3V. ' i) jj
v ** „ Z ' ill \\ * n the lot you will find all : sizes, many -._.__ _-~ *
i Our Best French* h I \j\ colors and some silk-lined dresses. totassware S
i Mixed Gantiy 25C / I Yj\ $15 and $2O Dresses To-day SampieS* '*
I Ib-to-day only. /, -..') Vf VA o^ d^s bross^sfo^da*Z: B ° 0 " 1
I This is the 50: qualitv that [J\ LA/ R> •••• $10.00 * pectal saIe F^ayonly. g
£ we sell reeularlv isr 1b /%JFn~^ YV^""'^ $ 2S nd $30 Dresses To-d*v 928 pieces in the lot. bought for a ' s
K WntnfnZ thnl c 77,c £'„ > ' J^vl—^ • $12.50 fraction of their real v a lue3 : jf
* J\Ot THOU Matt $ ibS 10 a second Floor Pitcher- Berry r>t«hes Fruit Di.h« -S-
V CUSIO*iier ¦ ' ¦ ¦ . B«*r Mara Jam Jars Cream Pitcher*
» (,«o*i/.»w.. . Tumblers Glaus Sets Small V«ae« J*
?» Etc.. Etc., Etc. jf
I Oh il ar ?",' 3 c § ! os n e ? Gc ' Midseason MiSlinery w L"S£TJM l ".£ b iS!: jj
£ Special bale bnday Onlv. &&b ' minufacturer's cost : X
iiiSSiiiiii ¦> Glearance.
ar twi=t3d cotton yarn, extra ' luavy FiOWCrS SMtf THmmsd Hats. j^WL. Numerous other articles, from jj
g weght. usual'y sold at 25c pair, all This important sale of fino Millinery at the height of the J$S&kl*0 r-^-v n""-V"\f'"V^ " "2
£ sizes 5 to 10— this day on'y 16o season ends Saturday night. A "hxneo to-day . '?
tf Second Al»le-Left of Entrance.' to !;uy beautiful roses at from a third to a half of the regular ' £
& ' — prices: . i^^^ll5v#K» imr «- ra --># •
V $1.5O Cu^tainS Bunches of 6 French Ro?es that were 75c, now 25o >^S«<4«lJ3l WaSn ltSi*3IUSm «
.8? SI, IB. Bunches of 3 French Velvet and Silk Roses, colors pink red. YB$g0&Mk One- Quarter Off Friday Onlv. £
» mp*tK*»t purple ; gray and b ue. that were 63c, now 25o i$S&i<gB^S5f » • {»
SI Special Sale Friday Only. Bunches of 3 Ro3es, lavender, pink, yellow, red and cerise, thH )jffl^*§*!s? Oar entire 15ne of Wash TrimmIn 2 «
$ A chance that don'tcome e'very day-100 we " 25c ' W ° <$§? *&}& «^Jm!£t**i*^i~ll!!^£ 5
g rairs of extra g ood Nohinjhanf Lace Only two da V S more in which to buy trimmed hats at W^ ZL Mkj "Alart fr e o n m SJ' to 50c dLn ylS S
f Curtains, 50 to 58 inches wwe. 3i j 2 rd3 halt price. to-daT f5o i*O 37§O, or jwt OftO- §
$ Sr ? ea d7ffere n nt ii"™ ™heJ Wa ' ki^ Hats t>hat were $1 50 ° %^ sartor less than regular %
I | Shrecru curt^^^ < SOO « C i °^ v , , 5
5 SI 50 pair — to-day onlv Si 18 Chidren's Colored Leghorn Hat? 25c Ladies' Sunshade Hats for country QUO Bargain Table— Matn Alile. ••
% Drapery Dep't-Maln Floor Ladies' $15 and $18 Trimmed Rats.$1O*OO Ladies' $25 Trimmed Hats $12, SO S
g L_ Second Floor-Front. ———————————^^ GrOCCHOS, LiQUOrS $
Wg^^^i C rPe <S r oi als . TooiHBrushTo. 0^ \
\i Ratt an Rockers-Large, roomy Friday and Saturday Only. Special Sale Friday Only. Blend," very fine, 30c valu 3 , per lb..... S
! *? seat, high back :-nd a'ms, comfortable, Fiber Carpets— A I now choice de- ' An imported full siza Tooth Brash, polished 25o *f
K durable, worth *5.50— fcr 2 days signs, an excellent fl:or covering for warm bone handle, pure bristle stock, mide e-ne- ElackFigs— Calif ornh jrrowth J
$3*75 .weather, sewed, laid and lined, per yard... cialiy for the big store, and well worth loc, 3 ib<* 10o S
V Ladies' Desk M.ho?any finish. " .50^ to-day 7c Wa^hintj Powder — Babbitt'* £
JC F ench plate m.rror, one drawer and 9-W/rO Tapes try Gar/ret— The Toilet Article Department-Rotunda. "1776," the larg^ 1-lb packages £
** cor.venent pigeon-holes, worth $12— regular 9 )c quality, full line of handsome . * 3 for 25o .<*
1 special 2 days $8mOO fl ew patterns, sewjd, laid and lined, r^r _ m Vanilla Extract— Burnett'3 2 oz «*
6 Couches— Ful Clipper spring, well yard.. 653 BiSkGK SfoirtMijJ JlC. bottles, regularly 3")c. to-day 25o £
ft," made, gondola, upholstered in fancy Body BriMHSCl*- AM leading makes. Sfi^ri I Off? i in r h'ridav Onlv Sardines— Ya.zcy imported, ia pure 'jc
X velours, worth $12— special 2 day «... . stair or hall runners, very epecial nrice. J^ t * '* u -^ c & - ,~ olive oil, to-day, tin lOo •»
J $9.25 per yard .' . ... $1,tO « pieces 32-inch Black Skirting and skirt Eating Powder - "Emporium,- J
2' Hatrack—G^den Oak h'ghly pol- Linoleums— £xtra heavy grade, per Lining m new brocades and satin striped puaranteed strict y pure, 1-lb tins, to- .%
ft; i?he <. neat!.- carded. 13x24 inch pattern square yard ( SOc patterns, a very excellent quality, wh-ch day 30o .%
h Frtnci pate mirror (shiild shape). Matting— Linen warp, a splendid new nevsr so d for \en taan loc yard,^ and to-day I Bourbon V*h?sky— Our $2.50 '2
%i r.guiar $20— for 2 dayj, special prica line, at iha very low price, peryard.20e li real 'y worth 2Oc < on special sale Fndav ga j !on qua ij tJ) t o-d 3 y onh $1.85 >J
a? oniy $16.50 Second Floor. He f ru 'f Syrup- Pure good?, assorted £
£ Folding £od— Go den Oak, with a Aitr*w*nnnn immismtm tsr a n tm>± *** n. m ra m ia rmUintlnnarv floors. qu?rt bottles 30o V
ft Fre n^h pate mirror on top. fit ted with rJSTS BHHIF F^J^®i&S 1 BK^S "iSo G-nger Ale or RootPoei— *
*i an excellent 2-p]y wire mattress with j o O'clock- •*" ?^^^3 SLw B^^9 Purita*. m3d9 with tri^le-diatilled wa- «J
?. spring support*, ' regularly $22.50- " ?» WP*i . _ n " ' a «12 so'cenufne" ter, regularly $1.25 and |1.35 doz?n, '^
jt 1 special for 2 day; '$17.50 Salads. Oysters. W fioldCR Rttlte ftfUa ar. for to-day only $1.10 X
K Second Floor. PaMry?etc. etc. CAUFORNIAS LARGEST-AMERICA^ ORANDEST STOR& $5.4-1, Main Floor-Rear. ¦*
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
"^^i)rM c LAlJGr1LI Wo^«J^4
S't^f^s i v^ *t. ***%33 ifei *y^^^y|!!(
=========== IN NEXT
- SUNDAY'S -
> CALL. EEEEEEEzizziE
— ...MAT i3, IOOO...
I IIIJIIIIIIII
Most Up>tO"Datc Features
of the Week >
OUR SOLDIERS IN THE PHILIPPINES.
Second exclusive article from the pen of
General Joseph Wheeler.
LIFE STORY OF ADOLPH SYLVA,
The most interesting witness in the Fair
Will Case.
HOODOO ENGINE NO. 19.
Some weird tales the men have to telL
'''''' '*'' LIFE OF MUNKAGSY, j
The celebrated painter whs lived to die
price a madhouse. PRICE
FIVE CENTS. FIVE CENTS.
but it. PROFESSOR ALFRED BENZON, **ao,t.
—^ — — "The King of Cards," give3 a complete
expose of the secrets of cheating '
in card games. '_; -f -
MRS. ROBERT WATT
Outlines the work of the Oakland Settle'
ment Club,
ROSTAND-L'AIGLON-BERXHARDT.
The grand theatrical combination of the
century.
PARIS SALON OF 1900.
Work of * 'California girl specially honored
ty the committee— a beautifully
illustrated page.
A SAN FRANCISCO PASTOR
Who lived the life of a Hindu priest to teach
Christianity in Ceylon.
- ;
HISTORY OF THE OLDEST ARTISTS'
STUDIO IN SAN FRANCISCO..
— THE SUNDAY CALL '
LEADS THEM ALL. TFRIDAY MAY n, ic*»
r ¦ I
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
I ruLICATIO.V OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
TeleBhoae Mala 1WJH.
I OITOZIXAL noOM5....71T to 221 Steren«oa St.
Te-lrphone Main 1674.
UrIlT«-r«-a Wty Caxulcia. IS Ont« Vrr XVeeU.
flnclr Copies. 8 Cent*.
Terms l»j Mali. Including Pm(«rei
rv.tLT CAI..L oucludiwt Sunday), one year >8 <*>
:>a:LT CAL.!. •Inrludlnr Sunday), 8 months ft.f>9
ZJAILY CAUL. <lBcludlc«- Sunder). 3 oootlM LU
:»a;LY CALL. — By Sinete ZAoalb «5c
HNDAT CALL One Tear l-»d
• KEKLT CALL. On* Tear 1-09
All poatmastera are authorized to rccelr*
• cU script Ion «.
fratupie eor!»-« *> '-> '¦• '¦¦:¦¦« .ir^-iJ ib>i requested.
><tKLA.M) OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KRO'GNESS.
Vaneger Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
<I<oac SJUtance Telephone "Central *61J.*">
NEW TORU COKUESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
JCT^r TOIlh. jihi'KlisE.VTATme:
STEPHEN B SMITH _ 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Riennaa Houce: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
J -• : ..r.t Uodm; Auditorium Hotel.
1CEW TORK NEWS STA.VM:
Waldorf- A •torta Hotel; A. Brentaaow 51 Union Sonar*:
Vurtay mil Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
lin %\«"IIOKFHT:S— :.27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
t-nt'.l ?:!'» o'clock. 200 Hayes", open until 9:30 o'clock. £33
McAllister, ojx-n until 9:30 o'clock. 615 L*jkin, open until
1:5* o*doek. 1:j«1 MlirtfwiJ oi*»n until 10 o'clock. 22C1 Market,
I'-mcr Sixteenth. o;>rn until » o'clock. 1*136 Valencia, open
L.r.:il * o"cloric. >"<; nipventh. o^en until S o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twcrt> -B»c^nd e'i'l Kentucky, open until S> o'clock.
American soldiers are still finding documents which
prove that Agutnaldo really intended to fight. It was
always contended that documentary evidence would
be necessary to justify the suspicion.
A student of the Normal School at San Jose has
bren acctised of insanity because he denounced the
oisierce of politics in the institution. The young 1
niin may not be insane, but under the conditions
rr.linR at the school it must be admitted that he cer-
Uinly is indiscreet.
It was hardly necessary to telegraph from Con
stantinople that^the Sultan is not worrying over bqr
claim for indemnity. It is we who are doing the wor
rying.' \ ':;;,-. ;-' ¦ -, ' ?'r ' ' \ "'
The Alaska murderer who was lynched at his own
earnest request must have been a member in the days
of his youth of some society for the suppression of
crime.
Bryan insists that the^ Democrats, Populists and
Silver Republicans must stand together. He is v right.
perhaps, in thinking that they should fall together all
in one heap. - '
The Shah of Persia is going to "do" Europe in
company with his favorite wife. What a lovely time
the other ladies of the harem will have in the absence
of their master, and what a reception the favorite will
receive when' she returns.
' Representative Baker of Maryland says that his bill
to repeal the Chinese exclusion act possesses abso
lutely no significance. Is it possible that he thinks
that the administration of Collector of the Port Jack
son makes a measure of repeal unnecessary?
AN ACCOUNT-F. C. J.. Rio Vista. Cal.
It a person receives a paper for a period
of six years after his first year's sub
scription has expired he cannot after the
C to P ,a a v i0 rno?i ft v «V«»» b" caUedu^n
to pa> more than two vears of that nc
luw ? pa £ ty no , tifled the ottlce or *u&
lls.her to discontinue the paper after the
M« 8 f C £ P t t l°" ?x P' re(l th * Party Is O ot lia!
be sent. amount of the bill that may
FIREARMS-P. S., Tulare. Cal. The
discharge of revolvers or other firearms
and h?, a nr« e >,Vl£L S i n -Francisco and Oak
inna is prohibited bv ordinance Tho or
1 raaVe 0 .^
i| 1 nk n rh. hl!w T nsare loaded with
le do rfr» X « t ; a , rtr , u fr* s - Sometimes P eo
the o?ti/, £? bl ? Kk Cl »«rldge* In each of
of Ju v h.r» a K led> " ot » bl y on the Fourth
rltand P ro S eeu]^^_ are Ua ? le to ar '
TW. E i OD i AC *^' IwMoores Flat. Cal.
The zodiac Is an imaginary belt in the
heavens, within which the motions of the
fln^ °Sk Principal planets are con.
fined. The nameg of the signs of the
BUILDIN'G IN CASINO-E. K., City
In the game of casino a player cannot
build upon his own build, thai te ™ "a v
if there Is a trey on the table and \
places an ace upon it. makinT it four
»n*n d .'; erS A ary fallinp t0 take it or build
up«n it. A cannot plav a four uoon it
E? d , ca11 'I e| S»»t. but must take "t with
his four: but prior to taking It he mav
make another build of any denornVnatTon
i NO ACTION COMMEXCED-C. P. F
Lackawanna, Pa. The records of the Supe
rior Court of San Francisco fail to show
that at any time since 1SD3 Mrs. Georsrie
Beatty commenced an action for divorce
from John Beatty. , .
POLL TAX A LIEN-P. T.. Oakland.
Cal. If a man owns real estate In Cali
fornia and does not pay hi? poll tax that
uSJ?* en On th0 P r °P«ty. to be col
lected in the same manner as other taxe«
TRAINMKN— C. C. B.. Oakland, Cal.
No bill was passed at the last held ses
sion of the Legislature of California au
thorizing trainmen to arrest any one try
ing to beat his way on a railroad.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A BILL. ON SUNDAYS— X. P., City.
The payment of a bill on Sunday is law
ful In California.
Editor The Call: Your editorial In refer
ence Co the need of land surveys in our
State meets with general approval and Is
very much appreciated by many settlers,
who are Interested in Mendocino County.
In the past several years numerous peti
tions have been Bent to the Land Office by
settlers, asking that Iand3 upon which
they have located be surveyed, thereby
enabling them to secure patent and bj» en
abled to' make use of timber ' and ¦ t>ark,
that otherwise could not be utilized and Is
of no value to them. In no instance have
these requests been favored with the least
attention or encouragement that anything
¦would ever be accomplished to enable
them to secure patents to their homes. In
nearly all cases portions of townships
have been surveyed for several years, but
in every instance some so-called red tape
defect in the survey would cause the same
to be rejected, thereby leaving thousands
of acres of valuable land wide open to the
mercy of scrip land apents, Mho have
been enabled to cover the, best portions
with forest reserve scrip, greatly enriching
themselves and tying the lands up for
years to come to capitalists who have no
interest in our county and who are hold
ing It as an investment,' most likely for
their great-grandchildren, and depriving 1
the would-be bona. nde settlers from ob
taining lands justly belonging to them.
One instance on record may be found in
the case of Township 13 north, Range 16
west, Mount Diablo meridian., showing
how the smooth, Italian hand of the land
agents, with the assistance of the red tape
manipulations of Government land of
ficials, can steal the lands from settlors
For several years, to my personal
knowledge, men who wanted claims
and 'had, .-"• a.lepal .-• right , to them
i located upon several sections of
these unaccented lands and endeavored to
get their land surveyed, but could accom
plish nothing and were obliged to abandon
the, same,- intending to go upon the land
as soon as purveys could be made and ac
cepted. The result, like many other cases
was that the land still remains * unsur
veyed. but, has all been secured hv the
Sutro heirs In San Francisco, through the
agency of land agents and forest reserve
scrip, and is now out of the market and
¦ sasV&Esa K. uers - who ri * htfuiiy
-Your suggestions are t**he point. Un
less some immediate steps are taken to
place ; the entire control of our land'Vr
i veys In the hands of the Surveyor Gen oral
'of our State, in- whoaehanda we feel as!
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have aa communications of general interest.
CALIFORNIA LANDS SURVEYS
It is to be regretted that this enterprise should be
made one of partisan politics, but those who have
made it so must bear the responsibility. The men
who opposed the canal all along are now among
those who oppose the Hay-Pauncefote. treaty. They
are the most vociferous in their opposition, and their
allies are the Bryanites. If the Woodland Democrat
Certain facts in the case are beyond dispute. The
contest for the canal was virtually won. The admin
istration arranged a treaty which opened a way for
entering at once upon its construction. . The oppo
nents of the canal seized upon the treaty as a means
for fighting the canal itself. They denounced the
treaty as a surrender to Great Britain and demanded
its rejection. Certain yellow journals of the Bryanite
stripe saw a chance to make campaign capital against
the administration and they promptly went over to
the opposition and joined in denouncing the treaty.
Thus the project has been brought to a standstill.
The deadlock may possibly be broken, for it has been
disclosed that in the Senate itself there is a strong
feeling in favor of imnjediate action, but if .there be
postponement the delay* will be due to the men who
insist upon the rejection of the treaty by which the
construction of the canal has been arranged for.
Commenting upon the situation thus disclosed, The
Call pointed out that the defeat of the bill at this ses
sion, which now seems imminent, is due to'the men
who have antagonized the treaty, which was nego
tiated by the administration for the sole purpose of
promoting the speedy construction of the great water
way. That statement has disturbed the Woodland
Democrat, and it charges The Call with ignorance or
unfairness in making it. Other Democrats have
doubtless been equally disturbed, fo> the issue is one
of no little importance, and should the bill be held
up in the Senate the people are going to know the
reason why.
THE CANAL flND THE TREATY.
WHEN the Nicaragua canal bill was about to be
reported our dispatches from Washington an
nounced that the measure would be adopted
by the House, but that the Senate would hardly take
it up at this session. The accuracy of the forecast has
been confirmed by the events. The bill was passed
by. the House, but at the meeting on Monday of the
Senate Committee on Interoceanic Canals there was
manifest a strong opposition to reporting the bill
until action has been taken on the Hay-Pauncefote
treat}-.
If the faces of our local footpads look anything like
the pictures we see of them in some newspapers there
is small wonder that their victims fail to recognize
them. Faces like these behind the muzzle of a pistol
would rob anybody of his senses.
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: The cry of
India still comes across the water, "God
has taken away our bread, -what shall
we do?" Every day's message seems more
desperate and hopeless. First it was
25,000,000, then 40,000,000 and 60.000,000 and
now it is 90,000,000 of people threatened
with starvation. All the world should re
spond to such a call. No little local sub
scription can meet the case at all. Shall
not California do something— send a whole
cargo of wheat or several of them? I»
anything 6f this nature being done? We
hear of subscriptions being taken on a
small scale, but what are these among so
many millions? There is abundance and
to spare in every part of California. Is
there not some way of using a part of
this abundance to save the lives of some
of these millions?
We have been requested by a vote of
our Yolo County Ministerial Union to
bring this matter to the notice of the
three leading San Francisco papers. The
Call, the Chronicle and the Examiner, and
ask what if anything can be done, and the
best, most practical way of gettin.tr at it?
Yours in behalf of the Yolo County Min
isterial Union. - - .
EGBERT D. HAVEN, Secretary.
J. A. Van Anda, President. ¦••
Woodland, May 8, 1900.
California and. the India Famine.
Having made that taunting and brutal speech about
men who are fighting for his country's flag, Salis
bury went on to speak of the feeling against the Brit
ish among the people of continental Europe as "a
root of bitterness which I am unable to explain."
His Lordship has only to read his own speech with a
proper degree of intelligence in order to find an ex
planation of the root of bitterness which is against
the British everywhere. The poet who described :i
typical Englishman as "an oiled and curled Assyrian
bull" was himself an Englishman, and the phrase fit^
to perfection. Itis that brute bull nature showing
itself in the words and/the actions of British states
men that offends and irritates the instincts of man
kind. Solomon has said, "He who would have friends
must show himself friendly." ' When* the British lead
ers have shown themselves friendly to other nations
they will have some right to expect friends. Cer
tainly they can expect none when a Prime Minister
who has been trained as a diplomat speaks in the way
Salisbury has just spoken before the applauding
Tories of the Primrose League.
SALISBURY'S reference to what he called "the
intricate Irish problem" in his speech before the
Primrose League was one of those characteris
tic British utterances which have done so much to
make that problem a lasting and bitter one from
generation to generation. Something more than a
lack of tact was Necessary to lead a statesman to say
at this juncture that I he lesson to be learned from the
South African war is that the Irish people cannot be
trusted with self-government. In that war the Irish are
fighting for the empire, not with more courage perhaps
or more patriotism, but certainly with more distinc
tion, than the English themselves. It is an Irishman
who commands the armies of the empire, an Irish
man who has led the cavalry with most success, and
Irish regiments which have borne the brunt of the
fiercest fighting. Those facts are known to all, and
yet the British Premier says: "We now know better
than we did ten years ago what a risk it would be if
we gave a disloyal government in Ireland the power
of accumulating forces against this country."
SALISBURY'S SPEECH-
Mrs.W. O. Gould, president of the Toung
Women's Christian Association of San
Francisco, and Harry F. Gould, assistant
actuary of the Pacific Mutual Life Insur
ance Company, leave the city this even-
Ing to visit relatives In New York and
Boston. t ; ¦: : V "¦:¦/•
Commander E. D. Taussig and wife are
guests at the Occidental, en route to Ma
nila, where Commander Taussig will take
charge of one of the ships of the Asiatic
squadron.
Lewis T. Wright, manager of the Iron
Mountain mines, is" down from Shasta
County and is registered at the Palace.
E. S. Valentine, the Insurance and real
estate man, arrived yesterday from
Fresno and is stopping at the Lick.
' J. J. Croxon of Hollister will be at the
Russ for a few dayB. He Is in this city
on legal business.
T. M. Lane, who has large mining Inter
ests in and about Knights Ferry, is reg
istered at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. L. H. Meade of San Juan is at the
Rusa.
Dr. C. A. Ray of Gold Hill Is at the
Palace.
Dr. J. J. Miller of San Jose is a guest at
the/ Palace.
J. C. Ruddlck, the well known attorney,
of Ukiah, is at the Grand.
. William Junker, manager of the Del
Monte Hotel, is at the Palace.
C. D. Galvin, a well known fruit grower
of Sacramento Valley, is at the Grand.
R. E. Jack, a wealthy land owner of San
Luis Obispo, is stopping at the Palace.
Several gamblers have been arrested at San Rafael.
This indicates that with Sausalito as the center of the
poolroom evil the' theater of the crimes which are in
spired by the racecourse may temporarily be removed
from this city.
which was supposed to be presented by
the configuration of the stars. These
were supposed to have been Invented In
Egypt and refer to the division of the
seasons. These aro arles. taurus. eeminl,
representing spring; cancer, leo ana virgo,
sumi. _-r; libra, scorpio and Sagittarius,
autumn, and capricornicus. aquarius and
pisces, winter. The first sign begins at
the point of the equator where the sun
passes at the time of the vernal equinox
in the upper hemisphere. They are count
ed onward, proceeding from west to east,
according to the annual course of the sun
around the circle. The use cf these signs
In the common almanacs is a relic of the
past, founded on the superstition of the
middle ages, when it professed to show
what parts the moon governs in mind and
body, corresponding to the twelve signs
named.
sured that the settler.V requests would not
be igmored, but would be promptly attend
ed to and their rights fully respected,
we are confident that it is only a matter
of a year or so when every acre of the
timber lands of our county will be covered
by scrip and those who desire and should
be entitled to the right to take a claim
will be entirely deprived of this privilege
and all will be in the hands of those who
are not personally interested in the wel
fare of our county. Yours truly.
C. A. McFAUU
Union, Cal.. May 7. VjOQ.
The press of Idaho and Wyoming is speaking out in
the same way, and it is apparent that the leasing pol
icy -is a very live issue, that it is coming soon and
will come to stay.
The Arizona Range News says: "The determina
tion to incorporate option in the leasing law is an ex
cellent plan." The Tucson Daily Star says: "Leas
ing the grazing lands will create a fund for the build
ing of reservoirs, which will furnish water for the
irrigation of land which can be served by them. The
stockmen will secure better results under the leasing"
system. The reclamation of arid lands to agriculture
will create additional wealth-producing resources, fur
nish homes for farmers and add to the taxable wealth
of the country- The leasing policy will prove of great
value to stockmen, farmers and the Territory."
Professor Forbes of the University of Arizqna, in
h» Arber day address this year, compared the beau
tiful wilderness of Arizona's plain? of years ago. when
ihry were covered with waving grasses, upon which
fc-d f?.t herds o{ deer .ind antelope, with the barren and
parched plains of to-day, the grass and plant life of
which has been fe<l nnd tramped out by overstocking
the ranges, resulting disastrously to the stockman
and the rancher. He «?.id: "Before this destruction
the fjra«s roots kept the soil loose and porous. The
water evaporated but slowly from the loose and
shaded soil. It i« evidently not the fault of nature,
but the miscrovemmer.t of man. that so great a.por
tion of the earth lies waste. But how may we expect
to remedy the desolation about us? Private control
of the Lands is the ? oli:tion, and I believe the only
onr. of this state of effairs. With secure tenure of
the ranges the stockman will have every inducement
to improve his territory. This has been the history
of the range in Texas, and sooner or later it will come
to pas? in Arizona."
All this i« changed by the overfeeding that has fol
lowed the use of the ranges as commons. No one
has had any interest in protecting the forage. It, has
been gnawed out by the roots. The grassy plains are
now deserts. The soil has lost its porosit}-. The
water runs immediately to the streams. They rage as
torrents, and then are dry. Evaporation also takes up
water that used to go deep into the earth to feed the
Faring*, asid Arizona finds not only that her ranges
are naked. I:er stock interest disappearing and her
business dependent thereon in disorder, but the cli
m;.te i* yearly growing more arid. There is less water
for irrigation, and with increasing dryness more irri
gation is needed. These conditions generally impress
the newspapers of the Territory, and they are pearly
Cil in favor of restoration of the ranges by protecting
tliem under leaseholds.
l he press of his Territory does not agree with him.
Arizona is tar from being a muddy land, anyway. It
i> by no means a weil of living water. But its plains
in their primitive condition were clothed with grass
and other forage plants. The roots made the soil
Ii"!<>us and permeable by water. This conservation
of the rainfall prevented rapid evaporation. The water
v. cnt into tlie ground, made the deep springs affluent,*
and was deliberately delivered into the stream?, main
taming in them a steady flow.
THE Governor of Arizona has been quoted
against the policy of leasing the arid ranges to
stockmen, with a view to^ protect and renew the
forage, increase the moisture-holding capacity of ths
•oil and create a fund for irrigation. He is said to
bvor the cession of these ranges to the States.
ARIZONA fUND THE RANGES.
Ho is with reason called "the court
jester of the 'Four Hundred.* " for he Is
so. practically by royal appointment. No
one can rival or displace him. And no one
tries.
"Is 'ittle tootsie'a footsie like papa's?"
further inquired Mrs. Oelrlcha, anxiously
scrutinizing the rag feet.
In an inspired mood Mr. Lehr then
bought the biggest and most beautiful
doll the shop contained, and announced
that it was to be added to the party.
Afterward they al! walked down the ave
nue, Mr. Lehr holding one of the doll's
limp hards. Mrs. Oelriohs the other, and
Mrs. Fish walking by Mrs. Oelrichs.
But the real sensation rame when the
trio began to talk baby talk to the doll.
"Does 'on look like "oo papa?" asked
Lehr, bending ever it tenderly.
Mrs. Oelrichs and Mrs. Fish that the fa
mous ragdoll incident occurred.
Everybody remembers how. last sum
mer, these three started out one day to
astonish Newport. It was Mr. Lehr's
ready wit that suggested a visit to Annie
McCarthy's shop. In Uellevtie avenue.
Mr. Lehr's name has never been con
nected with anything in the nature of a
romance. To girlish charm, even with a
heavy background of parental pocket
book, he seems singularly unsusceptible.
It is rather to matrons that he persistent
ly devotes himself. It is with the married
women of the smart set, for instance, that
Mr. Lehr files kites in the surf at Newport
and plays tennis on the sand in bathing
costume. And it was in the company of
The social and commercial value of this
Incident to Mr. Lehr cannot be overesti
mated.
Mrs. Gebhard took the dare, laid aside
her shoes and stockings, and hand in
hand she and Mr. Lehr promenaded
around the fountain to the cheers of the
others in the party.
Mr. Lehr once left a Baltimore cotillon
at 2 o'clock In the morning in the com
pany of Mrs. Frederic Gebhard, formerly
Miss Lulu Morris, and a number of others.
As the carriage drove by a public foun
tain Mr. Lehr, who was In a merry mood,
"stumped" Mrs. Gebhard to wade in the
water.
Harry Lehr in Trim to Entertain.
SINCE the authorities "at Washington have in
structed the Collector of the Port to make an
examination before they leave the ship on
which they arrive of all Chinese seeking admission to
this country, even though they claim to be natives
of the United States, there is a good prospect that
the practice of importing coolies under that claim will
be broken up.
The neglect of a preliminary examination on ship
board has been a heavy handicap upon the officers
of the Government in making examinations in court,
since it permitted the Chinese to be landed and
coached as to what they should say when brought
into court A preliminary, examination immediately
upon their arrival here will put the coolies on record
and forestall coaching. It will furnish the law officers
with a basis of fact upon which to conduct the inves
tigations in the courts, and enable them more readily
to detect any false testimony which the professed na
tiv« born may be induced to give.
The law upon which the Washington authorities
base their instructions is that clause of the exclusion
act which provides: "That before any Chinese pas
sengers are landed from any such vessel the Collector
or his deputy shall proceed to examine such passen
gers, comparing the certificates with the list and with
the passengers, and no passenger shall be allowed to
land in the United States from such vessel in viola
tion of law."
Commenting upon the order Collector Jackson is
reported to have said: "I suppose you have heard
that The Call has won its fight. I will obey tfie com
mand of the Treasury. Native-born Chinese immi
grants will be examined on board the steamer by the
Chinese Bureau as usual. Native-born Chinese come
to this port without certificates of any kind, but they
will be examined, nevertheless."
With the victory won for the people by the earnest
and continued efforts of The Call, this £hase of cor
ruption practiced in connection with Chinese-immi
gration will be brought to an end. There will be
fewer Chinese added to the number of citizens here
after. The exposure made by The Call will put a stop
for a time at least to work of the ring which has been
importing natives with so much profit to its members.
It is to be borne in mind, however, that where there
is so much to be gained there will be always new
methods devised by unscrupulous men to defeat the
law. Continued vigilance is therefore necessary on
the part of the people, the press and the officials. The
law is now to be enforced, and it remains to be seen
that the enforcement is not perfunctory merely, but is
done with zeal and fidelity.-
A GOOD FIGHT WELL WON.
Another authoritative announcement has been
made that the war in the Philippines is over. It
would be interesting to know what sort of a game
the Washington authorities consider that. pastime
in which hundreds of Filipinos are reported* killed
A.RRT LEHR, one of the most re-
I I markable ligures in New York so-
ciety, has not yet, it is said,
j| reached the climax of his darlngr.
I I It Is now rumored that the New
m port colony Is to see this summer
? Bt'ill more astonishing evidences of
Mr. Lehr's originality than he has here
tofore displayed.
Many of Mr. Lehr's exploits have been
made Dubllc. ' '¦'?¦*¦
When he Induced Mrs. Frederic Gebhanl
to wade in a Baltimore fountain at 2 a. m.
people gasped. When h© paraded a raj
doll about Newport people gasped apain
and declared that sublime folly could go
no further. And this photograph ol Mr.
Lehr in soubrette costume, in which ha
danced and sang rag-time songs before a
small audience of the most exclusive ma
trons In New York society, might be* sup
posed to be the supreme effort of even so
accomplished a performer.
t ow> £ 8 t0 the original. Who is Harry
Lehr? What is he?
• By the grace of Mrs. Astor and the con
tinued favor of the smart set he Is tha
leading favorite In New York society.
By birth he is a German— the son of a
German Consul who went to Baltimore
some fifteen years ago and later died,
leaving his son penniless and with no
other visible assets than a certain useful
quality which it wero unkind to call as
surance.
By trade he is an agent for champagne.
Ann by virtue of his liberal natural
endownment he lays claim to the follow
ing talents:
He sings— just enough to amuse a small
audience.
He dances— most successfully In costume
in fashionable drawing rooms.
He leads cotillons.
He tells extremely funny stories.
lie does daring "stunts. '
He chooses, designs and Intelligently
criticizes women's gowns.
He is a social diplomat.
He moves on practically no income in a
society composed of some of the richest
people in the world.
It may be surmised that this phenom
enal social success of a penniless German
from Baltimore Is due to his personality.
But, as a mutter of fact, he has
not an extraordinary personality. He
is about 30 years old. He is short and
not particularly slight. His eyes are blue,
his hair falr'and he has a square, smooth
shaven, rather heavy face, which becomes
attractive when he smiles. He is neither
graceful nor distinguished in appearance.
he has various engaging
traits. And one of them is an infinite
good nature which nothing has ever been
known to ruffle. Another is a sense of
humor. Nothing funny ever escapes him.
He lg also famed for his readiness at im
provisation, whether a song or storv, and
for his mastery, of the negro and'other
dialects.
And linally. he has a lisp. It Is claimed
by those who have coveted this particular
ly winning srace that a lisp cannot be
bought or acquired. Mr. Lehr's is inborn,
inimitable.
Some time before Mrs. William Astor
swung open to him the modern gates of
pearl Mr. Lehr won a pretty little repu
tation in Baltimore. Penniless young men
who vainly wonder how society may be
stormed are advised to study the follow
ing incident:
Is Received by Exclu
sive New York So
ciety, for Which He
Will Do Anything to
Provoke a Laugh.
HARRY LEHR. WINE DRUMMER.
ENTERTAINER TO THE "400"
know not that, then it knows more of dog fights' than
of politics. The McKinley administration has done
what it could to foster and forward the great enter
prise, and if it be defeated or postponed the blame
will rest upon those who, while pretending to be sup
porters of the canal, have united with the railroad in
denouncing the administration for making the treaty.
The Kansas City platform should read: "Resolved,
That we insist upon the continued withdrawal of the
constitution from the eliminated blacks of our South
ern States and its extension to the blacks of Porto
Rico and the Philippines."
"Resolved, That while we shoot our own citizens
for asking rights already given them by the consti
tution and are not ashamed of it, we view with alarm
the refusal of the Republican party to extend the
same rights to people who never had them."
If they are as frank as Mr. Abbott says they are,
they should be frank in their platform.
THERE seem to be two fountain-heads of ex
pression in the Bryan party. Of course Colonel
Bryan himself is the principal head, the ever
flowing fountain of everlasting oratory. He has
waked more echoes and made the welkin ring oftener
than any other. He is the ever-recurring political
comet, with an orbit the center of which is the White
House. He flies off into the ample space of far New
England, or the remote valley of the Puyallup, and
in due time approaches the Executive Mansion again,
as comets do the sun, with a long tail of speech
streaking the political sky behind him.
The lesser fountain-head is on the shoulders of
Mr. Willis J. Abbott of Chicago. Willi3 slays with
the pen. He drops into manuscript, and what he
writes is sent out in paper matrices, for ready use in
the worshipful press which teaches that there were
no Democrats before Bryan and that^Abbott is his
prophet.
Mr. Abbott fulfills the spirit of the California sig
nature law. He signs what he says. No grim and
frowning statute is required to make him do it. He
loves to look upon his name in print, as the sighing
lover does to look into the liquid eyes of his sweet
heart. One of Mr. Abbott's late signed and circulated
articles is in the form of a decree of greater excom
munication against Cleveland, ex-Governor Campbell
and all their kind. Indeed it is to be feared by the
friends of those gentlemen that Abbott has no use
at all for them in his business. They have fallen un
der his displeasure. He is the party bouncer and
sends them sprawling into the street
Averting hi? face from them and all their works,
he raptly exclaims: "I see in my own party Bryan,
Williams, Altgeld, Towne and Tillman firmly hold
ing places of influence and command." Right he is,
and that seems to be what is the matter with Mr.
Abbott's party. Tillman is accustomed to command
and is not ashamed of. the way he gets it.
In a speech in the Senate recently he describes the
means used in his State and its neighbors. to reach
and hold his place of influence and command. Find
ing themselves in the minority at the polls he said:
"We took the government away. We stuffed ballot
boxes. We shot them. We are not ashamed of it.
With that system — force, tissue ballots, etc. — we go^
tired ourselves. So we called a constitutional con
vention and we climated the colored people."
A man who wins by murdering his opponents is
likely to have influence and command among men
who admire that way of getting and keeping office.
A confessed ballot-box stufTer makes a fine figure at
the head of a national party. Mr. Abbott admires
him and compliments him, declaring that "the people
want to know what their leaders think," and that Till
man does "not usfc language to conceal thought."
Xo. indeed. He merely uses a gun and stuffs ballot
boxes to get into office, and brags about it in the
United States Senate.
Bryan and Senator Jones, chairman of his commit
tee, say that the constitution, "with a-11 its blessings,
immunities and privileges, is extended to the people
of the Philippines and Porto Rico," and raise a cry
about the Porto Rican tariff on the score of humanity.
Why not extend the constitution to the "eliminated"
people of South Carolina? Why not consult them as
to the relative humanity of being shot for voting
against Tillman or paying a small tariff?
Does Mr. Abbott regard ballot-box stuffing as one
of the immunities and blessings of the constitution?
He arraigns the ' Republican party for its theory
that the islanders are not under the constitution.
What good would it do them to be under the con
stitution if Tillman were among them and they re
ftifed to vote as he wished, and he had his gun and
his stuffing for the b:illot-box?
THE NEW LEADERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CAJ.L, FRIDAY, MAY 11,-1000
6
AMUSEMENTS.
C ltitr.b'.n— -The Evil Kye."
~:- 'i!t- 'The Wizard or the Nile."
Uraad oj«TB-h«m»-i>— "In Gay J>w York."
Atraz.ir— ' TK- Great l>iamur.d Ilobfoery."
< ; liinrrta — "A Parisian iiomnnce."
* '• ;>h«"uni— Vand'-ville.
tr.ymi.'.a. ear nee Mnw.n and IMdy »treete — Specialties,
t bates. Zim «n.l Tii^au-r— Vaudeville every a.ft<?rnoon and
«Y.-n;:ir.
¦ :«'-hor's Concert House— •¦Kiuirt."
l"«j'!» <*«:rai any Cmcfrt Hall — Vaudeville.
:.'h«Tt;ian-Cl<ijr Hall — I'alotna. Schramm. Saturday afternoon.
;!•*!• l*:*rk— Vau<I«»vHlo. nwt Sunday.
l"!y Wm. 'J. l-ayng— Thin evenlnp. at S o'clock, at 721 How-
iv i ttroft. Horses.
Hy a. W, LABdrrback— Tfala day, at 31 a. m. and 2 p. m..
!*• ma K\:i?«>, at corner tJcary and St<xkton streets.
Hy II. nrjir.dcns-tpin & (Ta *¦ finrnrriafj May IZ, at 11 o'clock,
Horaea, Oart5, elr.. til New Montgomery and Mission streets.
l*y N. H. A. Maw n— Saturday. May 12, at 10 o'clock. Horses
and Mules, at W'aln.'t Pr.-fk.
liy Chase & sfiitimhsll " Tnnwiay. May 13. at 1 o'clock.
liigh-clurs llorw-*, at I'Z" Market flreft.
AUCTION SALES.
. W. and Ji.no, all druggists.
SCOTT * BOWNETchemuSVNewT.*.
leaves the 'lungs weak and
opens the door for the germs
of Consumption. Don't
wait until they get in, and
you begin to cough. Close
the door at once by healing
the inflammation.
5cHIi5muIstoiL
makes the lungs germ-
proof; it heals the inflam-
mation and closes the doors.
It builds up and strengthens
the entire system with
wonderful rapidity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J. B. Jackson, a banker of Salinas City.
died suddenly yesterday In the office of
Dr. Abrams. his physician. Mr. Jacksen
had been under treatment for four years
for heart disease.
Sudden Death of a Banker.
Beginning May 13 the "OVERLAND LIM-
ITED," the Vnion Pacific's splendid «3H-hour
"flyer" to Chlcasro. wll! leave San Francisco
dally at 19 r. m. instead of 8:30. The FAST
MAIL will leave daily it I p, m. instead of
6:30. with through Pullman and tourist sleepers
for Chicago. Perfect dining car servlee on bctli
trains. D. W. Hitchcock. .General Agent. X
Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Finer and Faster Than Ever.
la the name of the new train the Northern Pa-
cine Railway has put Into service between Port-
land and St. Paul. This magnificent train is
equipped with wide vestibules, steel plat-
forms, leather upholstered tourist car*, tha
latest Pullman sleepers «nd dlninaj can, while
the entire train is brilliantly lighted with in-
candescent electric lights. A luxurious ob-
servation car containing all the cenrentences
of any first-class hotel for the accommodation
of both ladles and rentl-men Is attached to
the rear end. Send 6o In «t*mps.for Hlugtrated
book •''Wonderland." the most beautiful publi-
cation issued by any railroad In the country.
T. K. Stateler. G. A.. 653 Market «.. 9. F.; C.
E. Johnson. T. P. A., 125 W. Third at, Los
Angeles.
Tha "North Coast Limited"
Richard J. Nolan and Robert Hoffman
were. held to answer yesterday before the
Superior Court by Judge Cabanlss on a
charge of burglary. On the night of April
29 they broke into the Club saloon on
O Farrell and Taylor streets and stole
some bottles of liquor and boxes of cigars.
Held for Burglary.
\ Special Information supplied dally t»>
business- houses and -public men 'bv th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). S10 'Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit SOc per n> atTownsend'a.*Death of S. O. Wells.
RENO. New. May 10.— S. O. "Wells... a
prominent business man In Reno and well
known in San Francisco, died of pneu
monia this morning. "^
James *Buckner Blair, alias John Bar
stow, made a clever plea yesterday morn
ing in the United States District Court
when he admitted he was guilty of usin?
the mails for the purpose of defrauding
the unwary. He said that he had never
been arrested before and that he had
gone Into the Onelda oil speculation be
cause he was without means and sick
with consumption. He was sentenced to
pay . a fine of $100 and to be Imprisoned
for eighteen months In the San Quentln
penitentiary.
Eighteen Months for Blair.
The trial of Principal Kilpatrick by the
Board of Education came to an end yes
terday. The argument of ceunsel for both
sides will be made next Tuesday morning.
Miss Amanda G. Shea was placed on tho
stand, but after giving testimony that sha
had never been given a diploma for sten
ography by Kilpatrick It developed that
the prosecution had called the witness by
mistake. It was her sister Matilda who
had been given the examinations by Vlc«
Principal Foulks. General Barnes, who is
defending Kilpatrick. made the openings
argument and said that to remove %
teacher of twenty years' standing was asJ
bad as unfrocking a clergyman or dis
barring a lawyer.
Kilpatrick Trial Ended.
Representative Kahn Introduces a
Resolution Asking for Infor
mation as to the Japanese
Influx.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— The following
pensions have been granted: Additional —
Silas B. Babcock. Ventura, $10; Edward
James, Lancha Plana, $6. Increase—Al
vin'B. Hastings, Alameda, $8. Mexican
war survivors — Increase: Edmund C.
Philibart, Los Angeles, 112. .
Washington— Original: John Goodwin.
Thorp, $8; John A. Shutea, Tacoma, $6;
increase— Eli Davis, Vancouver, $8.
Oregon— Original: David C. Bruce, Sol
diers' Home, Roseburg, $6f restoration and
reissue — John C. Hoffman (dead), Dayton,
$$; increase— Floyd Lawson, Elkton, $8;
original widows, etc.— Anna Margaret
Hoffman, Dayton, $8; Mexican war sur
vivors—James L. Ferguson, Portland, $8.
A new postofflce has been established at
Lonestar. Fresno County, Alonzo P. Dar
ling, postmaster. The postofflce at Apri
cot, Monterey County, has been discontin
ued. Mail will be sent to Imusdale. The
postoffice af San Martin, Santa Clara
County, has been discontinued. Mall will
be sent to Rucker.
M. A. Stockwell has been appointed
postmaster at Lusardi, San Diego Coun
ty, vice Anna Bates, resigned.
The postoffice at Dunsmulr, Cal., will
become Presidential Juh' 1, and the salary
of the postmaster will t>e $1200.
The Senate to-day adopted Senator Per
kins' concurrent resolution directing the
Secretary of War to make a detailed plan
for the improvement of Oakland harbor.
Senator Perkins' bill providing for a new
custom house at San Francisco, to cost
$1,500,000. also passed the Senate.
Representative Kahn's resolution re
questing the Secretary of the Treasury to
furnish the House full information re
lating to Japanese immigration and meth
ods taken to enforce the exclusion laws
passed the House to-day.
Mr Kahn • introduced a bill granting
bronze medals to all volunteer soldiers
who served in the Philippines after the
expiration of their terms of enlistment.
Senator Bard introduced amendments to
the" sundry civil bill appropriating $31,200
for the protection of Sequoia National
Park $25,000 to be expended on extension
of the colony mill road to Giant Forest,
also appropriating $50,000 for the construc
tion of a wagon road in Yosemite Park, to
become Available when the California
Legislature shall make an appropriation
for similar work, in conjunction with the
Government, in building a road from the
San Joaquln Valley at Merced Falls to
Yosemite Valley.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Focusing is sometimes a little difficult,
but the difficulty can be overcome by us
ing a candle flame. More Important, how
ever, is to know the exact point to focus
on. We are bound to use a comparatively
small stop to get definition, and thus
make longlsh exposures necessary, but a
little discrimination In selecting: the exact
point on which to focus will enable us to
attain sharp definition with the largest
possible stop, and thus attain the shortest
possible exposure.
Most camera users know that if they fo
cus on an object a certain distance from
the lens they find that objects J&oth in
front of it and behind It are sufficiently
sharp. The distance between these two
points Is the depth of focus of the lens.
By using a smaller stop we extend the
depth of definition In both directions. Here
comes a little problem: Given a near ob
ject and a distant one. where should we
focus to get the best definition and what
is the largest stop we must use? -;:.*.•
I will not bother going Into the mathe
matics of this, but the following table Is
compiled for the users of the ordinary 4x5
hand camera, a class which Includes, I
fancy, most of my readers:
Just a word about how to use the level.
The camera should be set up with one leg
of the tripod toward the object being
photographed, the other two to the rear,
bo that in working the photographer will
stand between them. Supposing the cam
era in position, if a circular level be used
on top of the back a little movement of
the front leg of the tripod will soon get
the bubble in the center, and when that
is accomplished the plate will be perpen
dicular.
With a straight level the work Is a lit
tle more complicated, at least to describe,
but in practice it is very easy. Begin by
placing the level on the back of the cam
era and pointing toward the lens; a slight
movement of the front leg and the bubble
may be made to go to the center. This
accomplished, turn the level half way
around, so as to He across the back, then
by moving the same front leg to one side
or another the camera can ue made level
in this direction. To make sure that all
Is right, turn the level to its original di
rection and make any final adjustment
that may be necessary. Any negative
now made with the camera will show per
pendicular lines as such and not lines fall
ing to one side or the other, as one too fre
quently sees In the average photograph
of buildings, whether the view be exterior
or Interior.
Another point deserving much consider
ation in all kinds of photography, but es
pecially in Interior work. Is the height of
the camera. Most people content them
selves by so placing the Instrument that
when focusing It will be convenient to
study the ground glass. If they only
knew a little of the principles of perspec
tive they would know that the height
of the camera during exposure is just
as important as its location otherwise. It
is impossible to travel over the field of
perspective In an article like this, but my
readers can demonstrate a certain fact
for themselves by exposing a couple of
plates on an Interior, one with the lens
about five and a half feet from the ground
and the other about three and a half
feet. In the one print the floor will look
as If pitched at a steep slope, while in the
other It will look more natural. The il
lustration shows this point In a minor de
gree. The lens. It is evident, was just a
few inches above the level of the top of
the mantel shelf— that is, a medium height
—but it would have given a more pleasing
effect had it been almost a foot lower.
pose, and this prevents ray producing the
ridiculous scenes and portraits that one
sees so often.
she reached Honolulu, and from there she
went to Puget Sound and loaded lumber
for Sydney.
Sealers in Luck.
The sealing schooners ha.ve made a won
derfully Rood catch on the coast this year.
Should the strikes on the revenue cutters
continue they are in hopes of doing still
better, as they will have Bering Sea all to
themselves for a few weeks to come. From
the latest advices received by . Donald
Ross from Victoria, B. C, it Is learned
that the Zillah May has taken 783 seals,
the Teresa :">W, the Victoria 293. Enterprise
549, Annie E. Paint 750, E.- H. Marvin 607.
Dora Sieward 800 and Umbrlna 650. This
makes the catch over 5000 skins, while
the Geneva, Ocean Belle and two or three
others are yet to be heard from.
Trouble on the Do-wan Hill.
George Holt, who asserts he is a private
detective, told a story in the Harbor Hos
pital yesterday that made Dr. Dorr and
the attendants wink the other eye.- Holt
gave his address as 435 Grant avenue, and
says that he went out to the British ship
Dowan Hill to put a man aboard. He re
mained abpard a few minutes and then
the crew attempted to seize and put him
in irons. Satisfied that an attempt was
being made to shanjehai him. Holt says he
tried to get a razor out of his pocket, and
in doing so cut himself in a couple of
places in the abdomen. When he Degan
to bleed the captain was called and sent
him ashore. The wounds were only super
ficial, and ns soon as Dr. Dorr dressed
them Holt lost no time In disappearing.
Boarding Master Lane tells the other
side of the story. Tie says he shipped
Holt in the regular way before the Brit
ish Consul and procured him the regular
advance. Upon getting aboard the ship
Holt did not like the looks of things and
cut himself in order to get .ashore.
Water Front Notes.
The officers of the French cruiser Protet
were the guests of Irving M. Scott at the
Union Iron Works yesterday.
The Japanese auxiliary bark Tsukish
sima Maru was gayly decked with bunting
vesterday in honor of the birthday of the
Empress of Japan. No work was done by
thn crew, and all hands had a good time.
The chances are that the steamer's San
Juan and San Bias will go to Caps Noma
this month. Parties are now negotiating
with the Pacific Mail and the deal may be
consummated to-day.
The American ship Shenandoah arrived
at Sydney. N. S. W.. yesterday, making
the best run of the season. She left here
late in Mnrch with a cargo of lumber and
general merchandise, and must havegonn
down in steamboat time.
The Gipsy brought up from Santa Cruz
yesterday a pretty little launch owned by
Mrs. Richardson. The launch was to
have sailed up here, but the man who
took her out got lost in the fog and was
nearly wrecked. It was then decided to
send the launch here on the deck of the
Gipsy. . .
Celebrated His Release.
Isidro Soils, an old Indian who was
born at the Mission Dolores eighty-five
years ago. was arrested on Sixteenth
street Wednesday afternoon for being
drunk and was discharged by Judge Ca
banlss yesterday. He was released from
San Quentln Wednesday after serving a
vear's sentence for killing a cow at San
Luis Oblspo. He was so overjoyed at re
gaining his freedom that he Indulged too
freely in fiery liquor.
Insolvent Clerk.
Alexander Byler, a clerk residing In this
city, filed a petition In insolvency yester
day In the United States District Court.'
His liabilities are $326 35. , He has no as
sets.
Consideration . of the Report of ths
Grand Master on the Thermalito
Home Not Yet Con
cluded.
At the morning session of the Grand
Lodge of Odd Fellows yesterday the spe
cial order of business was the election of
officers for the next term. The election
was not concluded until 3 o'clock In the
afternoon, when the Grand Lodge went
Into committee of the whole for the
purpose of further consideration of the
report of the grand master upon the
home at Thermalito. At the time for ad
journment the matter was still being dis
cussed. *
The election resulted In the choice of
the following named, practically as pre
dicted in The Call a week ago: William
Wallace Watson of San Francisco, grand
master; W. P, Nichols of Dutch Flat,
deputy grand master; M. G. Gill of Red
Iiluff. grand warden; George T. Shaw,
grand secretary (re-elected); Joseph W.
Harris, grand treasurer (re-elected);
J. F. Nichols, C. O. Burton and John
Glasson, grand trustees (re-elected);
George H. Morrison, trustee of the Odd
Fellows' Home; W. A. Bonynge, repre
sentative to the sovereign Grand Lodge,
vice A. N. Drew, term expired. These of
ficers and those to be appointed by the
incoming grand master will be instaJled
on the last day of the session.
At- the session of the California As
sembly of Rebekahs the following were
elected officers for the ensuing term:
Caroline A. Hoxett of- Gilroy, president;
Nellie Mitchell of Grass Valley, vice pres
ident; YdaMsidison of San Diego, warden;
Mary E. Donoho of San Francisco, sec
retary (re-elected); Annie Leisse of Oak
land, treasurer (re-elected); Olive Allen
of Santa. Rosa, Marion Greenwood of
Stockton, Fannie Benjamin of Los Ange
les, Sarah Wolff of Sacramento and Eliz
a,beth Shaw of San Francisco, trustees
for the Orphans' Home at Gilroy.
A great portion of the day was taken
up with a school of instruction, of which
Grand Representative Karl C. Breuck
was the instructor.
Saturday night Templar Rebekah Lodge
will again exemplify the work for the
benefit of a number of delegates who did
not witness it last Tuesday. /
; _^ ¦ /
Results of Grand -Lodge and
California Assembly
Election.
OFFICERS FOR
ODD FELLOWS
AND REBEKAHS
Missing Bark Dominion in a Southwester Off Vancouver Coast.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Reinsurance Rates Jumping
Up on. Overdue Bark
Dominion.
The Old Timer Has a Remarkable
History and Is Well Known
All Over the Pacific y
Coast. '
Reinsurance en the old wooden bark
Dominion took a jump from 30 to ZO per
cent yesterday. She is now out sixty
eight days from Tacoma for Sydney, N. S.
W.. but that fact has very little to do
with the jump in reinsurance, as many
a fast ship has taken eighty-five and
ninety days to make the same run. What
has scared the underwriters Is the news
that comes from Alaska and also the fact
that the Dominion went out in the face of
a southwester that kept the entire coast
ing fleet at sea from twenty to forty-flve
days.
The Dominion sailed from Tacoma on
March 4 with a cargo of lumber for Syd
ney. On March 30 the fishing steamer
Edith picked up in Wrangle Narrows a
lifeboat which had painted on its bow the
name "Dominion, Sydney." About the
middle of March a boat stove in at the
bows was picked up in Wreck Bay by the
Indians. It contained canned meats, wa
ter and bread. Near it was the name
board of a ship bearing the letters "Do
minion."
At first it was thought that the things
found in Wreck Bay were from the Bri
tish iron ship Dominion, which failed
from Honolulu for Puget Sound nearly a
year ago and has never been heard of
eince. This could not be, however, as
the ship Dominion did not carry a name
board, while the wooden bark Dominion
did. These facts are what have caused
the reinsurance on the vessel to take
such a sudden jump.
The old bark Dominion has had an
eventful career. She was built in Quebec
in Ifc75 and for a time ran between Canada
and England. Finally she reached the
Pacific Coast and for a time ran between
Puget Sound and San Francisco. One
day while T. P. K. Whitelaw, the wrecker,
was in Victoria, B. C, he had a chance to
buy the old vessel cheap and did so. After
fixing her up she was placed under the
Nicaraguan Hag and sailed from here for
Sydney. N. S. \V., in charge of Captain
Younneberg. The bark reached Australia
all right, but the captain first of all ran
her into debt and then sold her, pocketing
the money. That was the last Captain
Whitelaw ever saw of his money, his ship
or Captain Younneberg.
The Dominion was purchased by Cow
lishaw Bros, of \ Sydney and they once
more placed her under the British flag.
This move was disastrous, as the Inspect
ors of. Hulls in Sydney promptly con
demned the vessel. She was fixed up,
however, and finally passed muster for a
voyage from Newcastle, N. S. W.. to
Honolulu. On her way she sprang aleak
and once more reached Sydney, where
she sank at her moorings. She was raised
and again put in commission. This time
can modify the final result, but this is a
pure misapprehension. It is. however,
possible by local application to restrain
any part that is developing too rapidly.
For instance, since our light reaches us
from the sky, the floor, especially near a.
window, will be very fully exposed, and if
allowed to develop normally will be too
dense in the negative. This can be pre
vented by the local application of bro
mide in the early stages of development.
The operation is a very simple one. Dis
solve about tifty grains or potassium bro
mide in an ounce of water, and hav»
handy an ordinary moderate sized water
color brush; start development* and the
moment the high lights have made their
appearance remove the plate from the
tray and stand it on edge for a couple of
minutes to allow the surface to drain.
Now hold It in the hand and with the
brush apply the bromide solution to all
the parts you wish held back, such a*
noor, window and white objects. Allow
the solution to soak in for a couple of
minutes, and then proceed with develop
ment. Should you find you have restrained
too much, souk the piate in water foT a
minute, and then proceed with a fresh de
veloper.
It frequently happens that one think*
the development is all right, but after th»
negative is fixed It Is found that somo
parts are too dense. This can be remedied
at once in a very simple manner by tha
local application of potassium ferricyan
lde or red prussiate of potash— in fact, tha
reducer I described In the article on "Im
provement of Negatives." The hypo Is in
the film, therefore all we need to apply ia
the ferricyanide. A crystal the size of a
pea Is dissolved in a couple of ounces or
so of water, and the negative, after stand
ing on edge a couple of minutes to drain,
is hclu horizontally over a sheet of wnite
paper and the solution applied to the spots
with a brush. Action proceeds at once,
and the moment it has gone far enough
the negative Is held under the tap for a
second to wash the solution off. If a
careful inspection shows that more should
be done, repeat the application. When th»
operation is complete return the negative
to the hypo bath for a few minutes. I
need scarcely say this procedure Is a val
uable one for all kinds of negatives and
subjects.
spring- up the shades and then give one
second's exposure.
By far the best views are those showing
one room opening off into another, as In
the illustration. The furniture should be
moved around as little as possible, but it
is wisdom to remove any very large arti
clse that may happen to be very near the
camera. Again, do not stow ail the be
longings of the house Into the field of
view, and be sparing in the amount of
carefully arranged sofa pillows, mando
lins ana similar articles you include. It
is far better to have things aa near as
possible to the normal condition they pre
sent when in actual use. Therefore it ia
perfectly good taste to have an open book
here, a work-basket there or a piece of
music on the piano rack.
Before making the exposure give some
consideration to the pictures on the walls.
Glass casts reflections and you must mako
sure that these do not reach the lens.
Place your eye In front of it and look at
each picture in turn, and if any one of
them happens to reflect light make a ball
of a piece of cloth and stuff It In behind
the frame, so as to chance the angle.
! It is hard to say how long to expose an
interior, as so much, depneds upon the
lighting, color of the objects, the plate and
the diaphragm used. One thing I do
knoiw, the average interior Is very much
underexposed. In an ordinary case, about
the middle of the day. with stop No. 16,
I should give from five to ten minutes—
not seconds, as too many consider ample.
Develop as you would any other sub
ject. I am aware that many people believe
that by tinkering with the developer they
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
XIV.— PHOTOGRAPHING INTER-
BY F. DUXDAS TODD.
In the matter of equipment any ordinary
camera, whether it costs $2 or $50. can be
ured, but it must be confessed It Is fre
quently an advantage In cramped situa
tions to have a wide-angle lens— that la
to say one that Includes a larger field
than the lenses ordinarily supplied with
most cameras. In addition to the regular
outfit I would recommend the purchase,
of a spirit level, which can bo got either
in circular form, about the size of a quar
ter, or In the ordinary straight form, one
about three Inches long being a conveni
ent size. I bought one of the latter kind
seven years ago. and it has reposed in my
left vest pocket ever since, and I find It
one of the handiest tools I carry. If you
are hang-ing a picture there Is no doubt
about getting it perpendicular, for all you
have to do ia to apply the level to the
frame. The level is Just as useful when
you are fastening a bracket to the wall.
And so In hundreds of other cases — In fact,
I use it almost every day. In making
negatives, no matter whether landscape,
portrait or interior, I level the camera—
that la, I make sure that the plate is per
pendicular In both directions before I ex
i
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
The central figures In the above table In
bold type show the focus point: the num
bers to the left and right are the near
and far points. The use of the table can
best be exemplified by an example. "We
will suppose the subject to be the interior
shown In the illustration. The nearest ob
ject Is . the chair, which probably was
about six feet away, while the most dis
tant object Is the grandfather's clock at
the far end of the second room, probably
twenty feet away. We wish every object
to be sharp, but at the same time with the
largest possible stop. We look at our
table for the numbers 6 and 20 In the first
and third columns. The nearest we can
find are 6 and 27 under stop No. 16, so if
we set our focusing scale at ten feet, as
indicated by the heavy type, and use stop
No. 16— the second largest of most hand
camera lenses— we can make the exposure
perfectly confident that everything will be
sharp. Had we. focused on the chair we
would have had to use a very much
smaller stop to get the fame definition.
We may - now consider a few minor
points. In selecting a point of view avoid
if possible Including a window in the field
of the lens, for if you do you will prob
ably find that the window will show sim
ply as a big white expanse, and worse still
will likely have quite a halo around It. ob
literating all detail at the edg« of the
window and in the wall paper. If, how
ever, you must Include a window, expose
with the shades down, close the shutters,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
IOHS.
7
Stop No. I.
I Stop No. 18.
Stop Now H.
hi 8 12ft G& H IS 4% 8 2$
8 12 25 7 12 SO • • lZInflnty
9 15 43 7*3 IB 3f»
10^4 2O 160 8 lOInflnty
11^ Zitlnfinty
Stop No. I.
I Stop No. 18.
Stop Now H.
hi 8 12ft G& H IS 4% 8 2$
8 12 25 7 12 SO • • lZInflnty
9 15 43 7*3 IB 3f»
10^4 2O 160 8 lOInflnty
11^ Zitlnfinty
On next Sunday. May 13, the California
Northwestern Ry. (lessee S.F. and N. P.
Ry.) will sell tickets to Santa Rosa and
return at $1; This is a very low excursion
rate and at a time when Sonoma . County
is at its prettiest. Leave Tiburon ferry,
foot of ' Market street. Sunday, at . 8 and
9:30 * a. ; m/ , On i the - return, leave Santa
Rosa 3:25 and 5:30 p. m. •
AMTTBEMENTS.
AMTJSEME'NTS.
Mad<» of choicest materials by the Anheuser-
Busch Brewlnsr Ass'n, Is the Kreat food-drink
for the feeble and convalescent, assimilable by
the weakest stomach. For sale by all drug-
gists.
/\LL TOF»-ISOTGHERS
FINAL WEEK OF
FULGORA STARS,
In Connection With
O«P«EUM CEtEBBITfES.
MiLTON and DOLLIE NOBLES, assisted by
MIS4 EVA WEPTVOTT: MARK SULLIVAN;
wnX, E MATES: AMERICAN BIOGRAPH:
LITTLE FRED; MR. and MRS. ARTHl.R
KIDMAN- UCOMAN * ADELLE; BROTHERS
rORBEST; ETTA BUTLER.
Reserved K-c!f. Sc; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
• nd box *e»ts. 50c
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT WEEK. AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL
Headed by
EZ2A KENDALL,
The Kin* cf Monologue Entertainer*.
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Print the Children to the Saturday Matinee.
('HAS. H YALE'S Massive, Marvelous. Me-
chanical. Spectacular Romance.
the EVIL EYE
OR THE
merIt op is id...
MISHAPS */ l l " t * -".
and the WONDERFUL ()F NOD
WAXDEHIXGS Wl *
EVENING PRICES— Kc. 35c, &0C. 75c, JL
MATINEE-2jC. Me 75c.
Next W«k- Final Nlrhts of
"THE EVIL. EYE."
ANNOUNCED!— MR. JOHN DREW.
Am I a Wiz? Corns and See !
TWENTY-NINTH TIME TO-MCHT
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success.
THE
WIZARD of the NILE
It is Greater than "The Idol's Eye." „
Bveolan at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
?Sfc D E L s A !25^"d 50 Cents
Telephone— Bush 9.
A^H EAT R r^A>
JEFFREYS-CORBETT CONTEST AN-
NOUNCED TO-NIGHT.
Matinee To-morrow and Sunday.
THE GREAT
DIAMOND_ROBBERY
6EATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
a A- SOTHBBITS SUCCESS.
THE MAISTER OF WOOD BARROW
ONLY mopp
THREE ££ Kh
TIMES Ul ~
A PARISIAN ROMANCE,
That iJairnincent Production by
/VIR. JAMES NEILL
And the E'st Dramatic Company in San Fran-
cisco In Years.
LA6T MATINEE TO-MORROW AFTERNOON,
AT !:15 O'CLOCK.
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT.
The Best of All American Plays,
— :: "AN AMERICAN CITIZEN." ::—
PHONE MAIN 622.
sss LAST VVEKK OF ==
Our Latect and Greatest Success,
IN GAY NEW YORK.
Full of Catchy Music. Pretty Roni?s, Graceful
Dances and New Jokes.
If You Enjoy a Hearty Laugh, Don't Miss It.
== NEXT WEEK =
An Entire Novelty to San Francisco.
"THE l_rtO"V SLAVEY."
For f wo yarn th* raire of London and New York
REAPPEARANCE OF ARTHUR WOOLEY. .
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Rss<?rved Seat In Orchestra, Saturday
Matinee. 25 cents.
Dianch Ticket Office — Emporium.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL
SECOND AND LAST CONCERT
LITTLE
PALOMA
SCHRAMM,
Assisted by Her Younger Sister KARLA.
AND HER ONLY PUPIL.
On Saturday Afternoon at N 3:l5,
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
Reserved Seats, DOc. 75c and JL
On sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Stor«.
glenj>ark7~
NEXT SUNDAY— NEXT SUNDAY— May 13th,
CHAMPIONSHIP CAKEWALK
On the Open Air Platform.
THE DARING SLIDE FOR LIFE.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
6nn Mateo or Mlsslon-st. Cars Direct.
10 CKNTS ADMISSION-ONLY 10 CENTS.
cinJ^^N]^oo. lE is7EVS n
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TOMORROW NIGHT-£AKE WALK CON-
hatltiday and sunday afternoon.
"Kdexiiito of aquatic
' Telephon* lor Beats, Park a
DDITCUE'C Ffm BARBERS. BAK-
*> » U »™~ n£ S eK»: t &£:
brewers, bookbinders, . candy-makers, . canners,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, paintere. shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
UUC.JA.W.* tSKOS..
Brush Mnnutacturera. *609 Sacramento St
na Vr 'nnifBI Corner Fourth and
PHP RnYft — -^ f b££
Valises checked free.'
AMUSEMENTS.
FISCHEfs^CONCERT HOUSE,
122-124 O'FARHELL STREET.'
LAMBAIIW GRAND OPERA' QUARTET.
Great Double Bill. J'rlson Scene from
••FAUST." Last Act "KIGOLETTO."
10c— Admission— 10c. Matinee, Sunday.
CONCERT HALL— THE CF.KAPP COMPANY
Corner a^denGaje u av e nue u .n E d v M LY Ket 8 t«et :
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
EVER^T NIGHT. EVERT NIGHT.
ADMISSION FRE£
taBEHHBBEBUBaMHBBHBBHEBHBBBHnaHBaBBHEaBn
¦ Q
' B
. H
B
LADIES' BLACK CREPON SKIRTS, full width, I
ail lengths, new designs, great variety of 1
patterns, sterling value for $6.00, $6 50 ¦
and $7.00. The entire lot will be placed 1
on sale at |
H
H
_^ _ am _ h
1146 Market Street. 1
a
IBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB BDBBBBBBEBBBBBEBBBBBBB ¦
OPEN [
SAN FRANCISCO
TO I
CHICAGO
Santa Fe Route
It.e Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway System begs to j
announce the completion of its railway from San Francisco to I
Chicago— 2550 miles. \
It is the only railway which owns and controls its track from ;
the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan. [
It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and it !
hopes to receive a generous proportion of the public patronage \
" s
I
May 1st freight will be handled regularly to and from the East \
and all points in the San Joaquln Valley and Southern California. j
Freight Depot: Corner Spear and Harrison Streets. |
( — —^ —— -
The date for inaugurating passenger train service will be \
announced later. \
JOHN J. BYRNE, EDWARD CHAMBERS, \
General Passenger >*gent. General Freight Agent, | !
Lines west of Albuquerque. |
W; A. B1SSELL, Assistant Traffic Manager, Santa Fe System. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAMERA
¦CRAFT..
THE ONLTHIGH-CLAJJ
PHOTOGRAPHIC JOURNAL
WEJT OF %
THE MI3JIJJIPPI ,
IUBJCRIPTION PRICE JI.5O A TEAR.
I2O GUTTER. JTR.EET
JAN FRANCLSCO, CAL.
I« i Do not spend one cent for clothing, rub- .8
8 ber boots, tents or wearing apparel until you M
p A whole floor is devoted to, Cape Nome M
M wants, and we are supplying dozens of out- ffl
tt**"**^%1 A.J PRAGER & 50N5 PsbthSSH
• Clothiers it/^rTCf^s* Isif
I ft^T-H^O M ARM FT opposite if
: I . -V«J»« WJ7 I HMHIIILb POWELL • ¦ /Chicago Grain Market.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. 13 $@3 75,
usual terms ; ¦ bakers' extras, $3 40#3 50 ; Oregon
and Washington. {2 25@3 per barrel. ';'¦¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In i sacks are aa fol-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clocR — No sales.
Becond Session — No eales.
Regular- Morning Session — December — 16,000
Ctls, 75c. •
Alternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Dealers report a fair demand for
black and gray at unchanged quotations.
White. Jl 10*il30; Red.. ilQl 20:fGray, Jl 074
OI'U- litnrk.' S101 07>.«.
CORN— Eastern large yellow, tl 1501 174 per
ctl; Kaatern white, J1®1 10 per ctL
RYE— Si©»74e Per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. .
.' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
4S.O00 ctls, Jl 00%.
Second Session— December— 8000 ctls, Jl 00H.
Regular Morning Session— December — 40,000
Ctls, SI 00%. .. . / .
Afternoon Session— December— 12,000 ctls,
Jl 0C%. . J
BARLEY— Continues dull and featureless.
Prices are a fraction off.
Feed, 724®75o for. No. 1 and 67V4@70c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, . 77%^
82Hc; Chevalier, nominal. .
WHEAT — Chicago opened rather firmer on the
crop report from Michigan showing a condition
of 54. Later on all grains became weak, owing
to foreign advices, fine weather and a nrxierate
demand. Business fell off pending the Govern
ment report, but the shipping demand was
rather better at Uie close. Provisions tvera
steady and buying by the leaders made the
market look better.
The local market was very dull, with a slight
decline In spot quotations. ¦ .
The Government report, received later In the
day, gave the area of winter wheat May 1 at
S6.585.C0O acres, or 11.8 per cent less than the
area estimated last fall. The reduction In acre
age in the principal - States, owing to Ii\sstan
fly and winter killing. Is estimated as follows:
Indiana, 1.608.000 acres; Ohio. 969.000; Michigan,
317.000; Pennsylvania, 158,000; Illinois, 137,000.
The average of the acreage remaining in cul
tivation May 1 was SS.9 per cent, which Is 6.2
per cent above the average for the past ten
years.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 92H®93%c; milling, 95®
97'Ac
an Dollars 4S4 \ 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — 14 854
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 89'/4
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6974
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK. May IB.— The active liquidation
of two previous days tn tfce stock market wu
relaxed to-day, leaving the largely extended
ehcrt Interest on the defensive. Yesterday's
final recovery gave an impetus to the demand
for Americans en the London market, which
lifted price* for the opening here. There was
Borne rllght outside demand through commis
sion houses, showing that there is an element
nhich is watching the market closely for In
dications that it has turned. The opening
etroegth from these causes quickly gave way
under the attack by the bears, who used the
statement of St. Paul's earnings for the first
week in May. This statement, showing a de
crease from last year for the first time in
Siar.y months, did in fact have a strong in
fluence on i>entlir.ent- It w«s a forcible re
minder of the fears which have found ex
preseion for e<>me time past In Wall street that
the reaction In the iron market and in gen
eral business would inevitably lead to a fall
ing off ia ra'.lrcad earnings. The bears pro
fesstd apprehension over the pessimistic tone
of L<jrd Salisbury's fcl>eech last night. Quite
liberal buying for London account served to
counteract this argument, the arbitrage houses
estimating the buying for London account as
Mgh as 40.00* shsres. Hut the most effective
succor for the bears came from a break of
over i points tn Tobacco and from persistent
heaviness la Sugar. Prices very generally
drirted bark to last night's level or b^low but
*t no time during the day did the pressure of
!lQui(!atton become severe, and the bears found
ClffictiJty in getting stocks whenever they bid
for them. The absence cf pressure prompted
some of the small pools to resume operations
ii'iiiMy that tn Missouri Pacific, and that stock
w«i bid up duriiur the day nea.rly 2 points I
The co^•*^lng of short contracts gave notabl*
strength also to the Atchlsons, the Pacific and
Ixiulsvllle. The upward movement in the trunk
lines we* oot aa marked aa In other stocks
Tbe metal stocks were Inclined to be firm all
day, though they were not very actively traded
tn. American Steel and Wire led the move
ment, both its stocks rising over 3 points on
rumors that Federal Steel Interests wouM be !
represented in the board of directors. There i
was some slight apprehension that gold might
go out on Saturday to England in response to
yesterday's advance in the Bank of England's
raying price J'or American eagles, but the
exchange experts are generally agreed that
told exports to London • offer no profit under
existing conditions. The local money market
m;lm not quotcbly changed to-day, but the eui
plus of the banks Is declining.
Bonds recovered in sympathy with stocks.
Total tales. SZ.4U..O0O.
United States nM 4s (coupon) advanced H In
the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehares CloHns
Fold. Bid.
10.S10 Atchison - 23
::., -.•¦.¦"I Atchison prefd 6$ r £
33.C50 Baltimore & Ohio 76*»
Canadian Pacific 94
JKX) Canada Southern £Si4
900 ChCKepeake & Ohio 2tt
1,200 Chicago Great Western 12»
11.410 Chicago Burllncton & Qulncy 124%
7U0 Cnlcago Indianapolis & St Louis.... 23
Chic Ind &. St Louis prefd 63
Chicago &. Eastern Illinois 102
Chicago & Northwestern ...157
S.tl5 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific ....ICCJi
Nrjj York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. May lO.-Whlle trading was not
very active In the market for metals to-day
price changes were numerous. Cables were
again unsatisfactory from London, and this
together with the local pressure to sell causeci
a general weaker undertone. Lead prices wpr»
reduced 15 points by the New. York Smelting
and Refining Company, closing weak n tone
at $4 25 bid and $4 30 asked. Tin was some 30©
3o points off again on the continued large re
ceipts and the drop In London. The close was
weak at $23 80 bid and $29 asked. Pig
warrants were very weak at 15. Northern \o 1
foundry was quoted nominally at $21fi22 Snel
ter. however, ruled quiet at fully sustained
prices closing at $4 574 bid and $4 624 asked
The brokers' price for lead was S4 and for
New York Metal Market.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common
<H©Bc: prime. 5»i«/Gc; choice, 6%@7cT faScy'
ound S ° : - Callfornla drIed Prunes. 34@7c per
APRICOTS-Royal, 124014c; Moorpark, U
PE'ACHES-Peeled, 16®20c; unpeeled, 7@j a
The market for evaporated apples was gen
erally firm, owing to a brisk demand for ex
porters, together with smaller receipts than
anticipated and the good country reports At
the close, however, prices were unchanged" but
tending upward. California dried fruits were
(lull and easier. Influenced by large selling or
ders and the lack of demand.
DRIED FRUIT.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady, with prices
net unchanged to 5 points decline. Total sales
18.250 bags, including: May, $6 40; July J6 40-
June, $6 50; August, $6 £5; September $6 65*
October, $6 70; November, $6 70; December'
»6 75, and March, $7 05. Spot Rio weak No 7
invoice. 74c bid; mild quiet. Cordova, 9Vi®134c
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining 3 13-I6c"
centrifugal S6 test, 47 ll-6c; molasses sugar'
3rie; refined, quiet. '
IJUTTER-ReceiptK. 3548 packages. Firm-
Western creamery, 164«204c; factory, 10@15c '
EGGS-Reeelpts. 11,739 packages. Steady
storage Western at mark. 134©13%c- regular
packing at mark, 12t4@124c; Southern at mark.
HViS12c. .
WOOL— Dull
WHEAT— Receipts, 172,050; exports, 23,987.
Spot market steady. No 2 red, 79%c f. o. b.
aHoat: No. 2 red, 774c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 75%c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
hard Duluth. 77%c f. o. b. afloat. Options at
first were steady on the Michigan State re
port, but eventually weakened under selling Im
pelled by predicted rains in the Northwest,
wanner conditions In the Southwestern sec
tions and further deliveries on May contracts.
Closed steady with corn at 4@V4o net decline
May. 714<[i714c, closed U%c; July, 724©72T4c,
chased 72%c; September, 73>4Q734c, closed 73T4c.
HIDES— Firm.
NEW TORK, May 10.— FLOUR— Receipts, 11,
000; exports, 19, 5W. Bakers were In good de
mand again to-day at old prices, but other
brands had only moderate call. »
and (hen the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence aa to time Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the Jay. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th*
I last tide of the day. except when there are but
I three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
: given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
I when a minus sign ( — > precedes the height.
Sun rises f:M
Sun sets 7:09
Moon sets 2:53 a. m.
FRIDAY, MAT 11
United States Cca»t and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute slater than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. S. N., Mer
chants Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May W. 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o-cl^k U- m. Greenwich tUne. CJ^ KJS3
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. ft.. In charge.
Time Ball.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, steady.
4s lUd. Futures steady; May, 4s Id; July, 3a
114d; September, 3s ll%d.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, 6s 3d@
6s 34d; No. 1 Northern spring. 5b 104d. Futures
quiet: July. 5s 8%d; September, 5s Sftd.
LIVERPOOL, May 10.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California. 6s 3d(86s 34d; wheat In
Paris, dull: flour in Paris, dull; French country
markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 7-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 10.— Consols. 100 1-160100%;
silver, 274d; French rentes, lOOf 95c. Wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No. 1 standard California. 3C« Sd; cargoes
Walla Walla, 28s 3d; English country markets,
dull.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. May 10.— No change In wheat.
Club. E2c; bluestem, 55c.
OREGON
PORTLAND, May 10.— Offerings are rather
light, but the demand at the figures necessary
to move it Is not great. Two of the ships in
port finished loading this week and two more
have arrived to take their places. As the car
goes are already on the deck these arrivals have
no special bearing on the market situation.
Freights are quiet but firm, with 49 shilling*
paid for a 2000-ton July ship. Walla Walla, 63®
54c; Valley. 53c; bluestem, 56c.
Cleared— British ship Aspice, Queenstown,
¦with 112,753 bushels wheat.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. May 10.— Exchanges, $384,304;
balances, $S3.723.
Portland's Business.
LONDON. May 10.— The offers at the wool
auction sales to-day were smaller than usual,
numbering but 6308 bales. Competition was
keen for all classes. The home trade and the
Continent were eager purchasers of the best
merinos, which sold briskly. Poor, greasy and
faulty scoured were irregular. American rep
resentatives purchnsed a fair proportion of the
greasy scoured offered.
London Wool Sales.
CHICAGO. May 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as fol
lows: Cherries (from Varavllle and Sulsun) —
Tartarlans. 75c to S2 15. average Jl 42; P.
Gulgne, 75c to Jl 30, average SSc; Advance, 70c
to $1 40, average 84c: Rockport, COc to 85c. aver
age 7Sc; Governor Wood. 70c to Jl 15, average
SOc; Black Heart, average $1 25.
California Fruit Sales.
SHEEP— Receipts. 17.000; sheep and lambs,
strong for good quality; others slow; top lambs,
$7 £0; good to choice wethers, $5 40<35 75; fair
to choice mixed, J5^5 50; Western sheep, $5 EOf?
5 70; yearlings, $5 75@6 15; native lambs, $5{j>
7 40; Western lambs, $6i&7 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 22.000; to-morrow,
18,000, estimated; left over, 2500; strong to a
shade higher; top, $5 45; mixed and butchers,
$5 10@5 40; good to choice heavy, $5 25@5 45;
rough heavy. $5 10@5 20; light, J5S5 324; bulk
of sales, $5 25^5 35.
CHICAGO, May 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 10,
500. including 500 Texans; steers, steady to
strong; butchers' stock, active and strong, with
good clearances; natives, best on sale to-day,
one car Herefords at $5 75 and two cars Angus
at {5 70; good to prime steers, U 90®5 80; poor
to medium, $4 20<§4 SO; selected feeders, choice
firm, others slow, $4 25'S?5: mixed stockers.
quiet, J3 60@4: cows. J3@4 60; heifers. $3 26ftf>
6 10; canners, J2 40@3; bul's, steady, J2 90«j4 33;
calves, strong, J4Q6 50. Texans— Receipts, 500;
best on sale to-day, four carloads at J4 80;
Texaa fed steers, steady, $425 20; Texas bulls,
»3 23©3 75.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 60 2135
Closing 19 60 2135
Flour-
Opening * 25 65 27 85
Closing 25 65 27 80-
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Bept.
Opening 5 &% 6 S%
Clcslng 5 894 6 8*i
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Winnemurea. 2S miles per hour from
the south; Independence. <S from the south;
Pooatello. 20 from the kouthwest-
Forf-cast ir.ade as Han Franiso for thirty hours
rtKllng midnight. May 11. 1S0C.
Northern California— Shovrers Friday: wanner
in the afternoon and night; brisk northerly
winds.
Southern California— Fhower* Friday; south
erly changing to northerly wind*.
Nevada — Showers Friday.
Utah— Showers; cooler Friday.
Arizona— Showers: cooler Friday.
San Francisco ana vicinity— Cloudy, nneettled
¦weather Frluay; probably light showers In the
morning; fresh neither!:.- w;r..;«.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The terr.i>erature has fallen 20 degrees In the
Sacramento vailey and 30 degrees in the San
Jnaqutn, due to the rtin following the excess
ively warm weather yesterday.
Showers have occurred over the entire State.
Thuralf-r storms are reported at Waila Walla,
Baker City ar.d Phoenix.
High winds prevail in the Sierras and
throughout Nevada.
A depression of considerable depth covers the
country west of th* Rocky Mountains. There
are two well marktii storm centers; one tiver
8' uthem Idaho, and the ether over the Sierras.
FORECAST.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka O.05 it.X S3. S3
Red Bluff 0.00 20.C8
Sacramento 0.40 ?>.28 14.01
San Kran«1soo 0.22 IS. 42 16.0^
Fresno 0.16 S.fc« 7.18
lndejx-ndenca toJtO 3.66 1.21
San Luis Obispo 0.20 14.C2 16.41
Los Angeles 0.OS 7.56 5.01
S«.n Diego Trace 5.82 4.84
Vuzna 0.00 1.23 1.34
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
&!•; xsir.irnum. Z£; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The tollowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in the last twenty. four
Lour*.
SAN FRANCISCO. May !¦>— 5 p. m.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Merchandise for Hilo.
The bark Anale Johnson cleared yesterday
for Hilo. H. I. She takes a cargo of general
merchandise, among which are: 74S.500 rtis
fertilizer. 16S5 bbls flour. 33S9 sals wine, 100 j
bvs candles., &S5 Fk? bran, 534 bales hay, 150 ;
sks mid'Hings. C962 sks barley, 130 sks wheat. ;
Zi'V sks rice. COO cs kerosene. 100 kegs nails, «,3 ;
cs granite ware. 170<J railroad ties, 60 cs gaso- !
line. 500 cs powder. 41*6 pkgs hardware. 542 !
S'kgs jfrccerirs. ISO c» bread. 13 bbls and 110 cs j
salmon, 2ir} Mils lime, I4.7o0 feet lumber. Ku cs j
whisky, 5 cs brandy. 6<w tbls cement, 504 bJls
and S5 kepfi aiet.il. 31 cs saddlery. 17 pkgs
wnjon material. 14 l»kgs sewing machines, lil
cs n cp. etc. The total value of the cargo was
$57,0(3.
The bark Albert, which cleared yesterday for j
Honolulu, carried assorted cargo valued at j
$40,rM>. The principal shipments were as fol- 1
lows: 400 kegs while lead, CS bales hay. 46.S12 j
feet lumber. C755 peu www pip«*. 175 pes iron i
pipe. 2C1 pk.gs hardware, 120 cs powder. 461 !
pkg* furniture. €0 M brick*. ISO sks barley. |
6iu eks bran, &E7 sks oats, 4tX) doors, 55 pkgs ;
narhir.er:.-. 110 ceils rope, 9SS gals wine, , 28 j
bales paper, 1'jO bags fiugar, 25 cs sewing ma
chines, 1 boiler, Z bales rugs, 14 pkgs bicycles
and parts, li bales cotton goods. CO.GOO cigars,
15 cs tobacco, lu cs cigarettes, etc
Cargo for Honolulu.
Exports of rp*cie from this port during the
first four months of the year were iG,2C3.092,
against J1C.643.506 for the same time last year.
the principal items being as follows: Silver
bullion. J1.23T.361; Mexican dollars. $1.7C7.7S5;
ellver coin. Ti^.020; Fold coin. $2.K32.;.42: cur
rency and bonds. tr^.llC. The leadinc destina
tion* were as follows: China, t3.041.423; Hono
lulu. J53fl.700; New York, f2.fc>S,404.
Exports of Specie.
Jefca O. North, merchandise to Honolulu.
Jan.sf Pi-ursinotid, rechartere<l. lumber from
Pvget Sound to Australia, 50s.
Charters.
NEW TORK, May 10. — Money on call steady
at ZQt'i per cent; last loan, 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, S@4 per cent. Sterling ex
change easier, with actual butinees in bank
ers' bills at $4 ib','^4 SSU for demand and at
New York Money Market
450 C C C & St LouU 19% \
Colorado Southern 6 s * !
Colorado Southern, 1st prefd S9',4 j
Colorado Southren. l& prefd 15i»
400 l>elaware & Hudson 113>i |
Delaware Lackawanna &. Western.. 176^4, j
6oO Denver & Rio Grande lSVi
100 Denver & Klo GranJe prefd 6$<4 !
....... Erie 12 ! 4 •
841 Erie 1st prefd 37
150 Great Northern prefd Ii2»i ,
650 Hocking Coal 15?* |
1,000 Hookins Vailey SS** I
C20 Illinois Central 113U j
130 Iowa Central l^ a j
325 Iowa Central prefd 47 i
4<"-0 Kansas City PittsburR & Gulf 37',* \
100 Lake Erie & W^ern 29 i
I^ake Krie & Western prefd Slhi
Lake Shore 2CS
4.960 Louisville & Nashville SOU
2.100 Manhattan L S2U
1.151 Metropolitan Street Railway 15:1
LtJO Slexican Central 13VSi
210 Minn & St Louis 63V..
Minn & St Louis prefd 96
29.065 Missouri Pacific 37U
Mobile & Ohio 40Vj j
MlFsouri. Kansas & Texas 11 J
1,550 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 3Ui '
730 New Jersey Central 117Vi J
3.794 New York Central 131' 2 (
4.7M Norfolk & Western 35>» !
2<K) Norfolk & Western prefd 77
7.4C0 Northern Pacific 5«Vi
500 Northern Paclfl prefd. ex div 74
1.170 Ontario & Western 21%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd 76
11,060 Pennsylvania 131H
1,900 Reading 17H
6.5M Reading l?t prefd 56»i
LSOO Reading 2d prefd 28^4
Kin Grande Western 56
Rio Grande Western prefd W
100 Et Louis & San Francisco 10V»
St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd.. 17
200 St I^uis & San Francisco 2d prefd.. S2?i
Pt Louis Southwestern ll : i j
910 St. Louis Southwestern prefd 2l>'* ¦
11.460 St Paul 116^ :
St Paul prefd I72\j !
St Paul & Omaha 1124 ;
16.350 Southern Pacific 34\ '
1.2(i0 Southern Railway 12^» !
4.700 Southern Railway prefd 55-» |
1.600 Texas & Pacific 17^
13.S20 Vnljn Tacitlc 54",
X.000 Tnlrm Pacific prefd 7STi i
COO'Wabash 8V&
4.2.'^) Wabash prefd 22'i
209 Wheeling & l.nk- Erie i\ <
4<fl Wheeling & Lake Krie 2d prefd 26^
100 Wisconsin Central 154
Express Companies — /
Adams , .....116
American 149
United States 47
Wells Fargo 115
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil ZV£,
American Cotton Oil pfd ii4
ISO American Malting 4
100 American Malting pfd 2I'i
8,550 American Smelting & Ref 40^ 4
700 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... S»4
American Spirits 2U
American .Spirits prefd 17 |
1,*25 American Steel Hoop 23J; i
230 American Steel Hoop prefd 724 !
31.770 American Steel Wire 40=%;
33.120 American Steel Wire prefd Ti9 7 -»
1,420 American Tin Plate 2fi^ I
120 American Tin Plate rrefd 71'-. :
44,512 American Tobacco i-7^ !
American Tobacco |<refd 2S I
1.700 Anaconda Mining Co 43ri !
5,525 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71v»
l.!s30 Colorado Fuel & Iron 3S~ 9
€.570 Continental Tobacco 21\
2.45K Continental Tobacco prefd "!b%
10.37) Federal Steel ¦ 3U 7 *
. 210 Federal Steel prefd 68
General Electric 137
760 GIucopo Sugar 43
Glucose Sugar prefd 100 i
€f>0 International Paper Z2V&
4 f <> International Paper prefd 63
V0 Laclede Gas 6«
3C5 National Biscuit 304 i
National Biscuit prefd £4 !
National I>ead 204 i
National I>»ad prefd 101 !
2,tOO National Steel 31%'
570 National Steel prefd S7 ¦
2^>0 New York Air Brake 12"i
600 North American 14H
Pacific Ccast 47 i
WiO Pacific Coast 1st prefd S3
SM Pacific Coast 2d prefd 57'i '
3f/» Pacific Mail 30H
8,%;.O People's Gas 103
410 Pressed Steel Car 47 '
2<0 Prersed Steel Car prefd 78
130 Pullman Palace Car 1S2
109 Standard Rope & Twine 54
E3.6C0 Sugar 1114
Sugar prefd 111^
2.360 Tennessee Coal & Iron ~£%
4.4CO United States Leather 114
400 United States Leather prefd 70
220 United States Rubber 2.S4
United States Rubber prefd 94
6.700 Western Union 504
263 Republic Iron & Steel 1514
ISO Republic Iron & Steel prefd 67
P C C & Rt Louis...... £S
Third Avenue 107
443.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V 8 2s ree 93*4 N T Cen 1st* 11114
(Jo 2s reg 103 N J Cen gen 5s. ...1224
do 3s coup 1C3 No Carolina Cs 126
do new 4s reg — l"3*;No Carolina 4s 106
do new 4s coup..l33\ No Pacific 3s 6S T 4
do old 4s reg 114^ No Pacific 4s 103H
do old 4s coup 114^ N y C ft St L 4s. .106
<lo Dfi reg 112'j Nor &. W con 4s.... 97
do 6s coup 1124 N" ri r & W gen Cs...l30
Dlst of Col 3.65s. ..121 Or Nav lsts 109
Atchlscn gen 4s 1004 Or Nav 4s 1034
Atchison a<JJ 4s f>34 Or S L es 12S4
Can Southern 2ds..l064: do con £a 1144
Ches & Ohio 44a.. 59 Read gen 4s &7*.
Ches & Ohio Ds....li74 R G West ins 9</
C & N W Con 7s.l414 rH L & I M con 5s.lO9?i
do S F deb 5s. ...120 , c t L & S F ren 6s. 120
Chicago Term 4s... 95 ,St Paul con 170
Ii «.- R G lste 101 ISt P C & P Ists...ll<#i4
D & R Q 4s 9**4 do 1 121
E T Va & Ga lsts It2^ Southern Ry U....112
Erie Gen 4s Hli Standard R & T 6s 704
Ft W & D C lets.. 704 Tenn new ret 3s... 9SS
Gen Elec 6* 120 Tex & P lsts 115
G H &. S A Ga ll'«4l do 2ds 61
O H A 8 A 2ds 1074:Union Pacific 4s. ..lie,
H & T Cen 5s 110 jWabash lsts 1145;
do con 6s 110 do 2rls 102^
Iowa Cen lsts 115 West Shore is 1134
IC C P & G lets.... 71% Wls Cent lm 60*4
La new con 4s 10S4"Va Centurle-j !»24
L & N unified 4s..lOO'. 4 | Va def 7
M K & T 2dB 6SV4 Colo & So 4s ZV*.
II K & T 4s WViiSo Pacific 4s 8J
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 13 Ontario 7 75
Crown Point 07iOphlr 42
Con Cal &. Vs. 1 40 1 Plymouth 10
Deadwood i>5 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 32. Quicksilver prefd... 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 24 j Sierra Nevada 25
Homeetake 50 OOjStandard 3 00
Iron fillver CS Unicn Con "17
Mexican 2l!YeIlow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — |Unlon Pacific 54
Call loans 3 ©4 '/.Vest End 92
Time loans S^^VWestinRhouse El... 44',i
Stocks— I Ronds—
A T £ S F 24% 'Atchison 4s 334
A T & S F prefd... . r .S*s! Mining Shares-
American Sugar.. .lllit Adventure 4?i
Am Sugrar prefd. ..1114 Allouez Mln Co l* t
Bell Telephone 312 lAmalg Copper .87
Boeton & Albany. .243 Atlantic 224
Bofton Elevated. ..142% Boston & Mont. ...234
Hoston & Maine.. .1D3 Butte & Boston.... 63
Chgo. Rur & Q....124V* l.*alumet & Hecla...7ifi
Dominion Coal 42 Centennial 17
lMjra Coal r>refd.-.117 ! Frank l'^-i 134
Federal Fteel S9%'Humboidt 75
Fed Steel prefd.... 6> tOsceola 66
Fltchburs prefd. ...131 Parrot 41
General E!ectrie...l364;QuJnvy 135
Gen Klec prefd. ...13S ISanta Fe Copper... 5
Ed Elec 111 205 [Tamarack ISO
Mexican Central... 13 |Utah Mining 274
Old Docilnion 17 Winona 24
Rubber 2S',i'Wolverinea ti
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries. 14@l&Hc:
dairies, lS®16V4c. Eggs, steady: fresh. 10%<2>
11%O. Cheese, dull; creams. 9®llHc
Continued on Page Elevea.
Thursday. May 19.
Stmr State of California. Case. 53 hours from
Portland via Astoria 45 hours.
Stmr George Luomis. BriJgett. 33 hours from
s"r^r**Newsboy. Walvigr. 11 hours from Mon
te stnir Crescent City. Stcckfieth, 37 hours from
SUmr" Empire, Macsenn. S2 hours from Coos
s\mr National City. Dettmers, 15 hours from
« r , l m r r \n~ata. Reed. 43 hours from Coos Bay.
via Port orford 40 hours.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. 2i hours from Eu
"stmr Gipsy. Iceland, IS hours from Monterey.
Strar Newburg, Peterson. 79 hours from Grays
Schr Reliance, Andflndsen. 4 days from Iver
*ens Lending-
Schr J Epuicger. Nyman. 49 hours from Tira-
I ber Cove.
Schr Queen. Frederlckson. 13 days from Port
Ganiblt.
Schr Uio Rey, Johnson. 5 days from Mendo-
Cln0> CLEARED.
Thursday. May 19-
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins. Victoria; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr I-akme. Schag-e. Seattle: E T Km*"".
Stmr Cooa Bay, Shea. San Pedro: Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Bark Albert Griffiths, Honolulu: WlllianM.
Dlmond A Co. ; .¦-.
Bark Annie Johnson. Stanford. Hllo: * u
Sprockets tk Bros Co.
Schr Laura Pike. Johnson, Cape Nome.
SAILETJ.
Thursday. M.iy !!>•
Stmr Cleveland. Johnk, Tacoma.
Slmr Newsboy. Walvlg, .
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen. Greenwood.
Bark Annie Johnson. Stanford. Htlo.
TKLEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 10. 10 p m-VVea-nw
hazy; wind NW. vetoclty 20 mi!*<.
SPOKEN. J; „ , at
P*r schr Azalea, al San Pertrn— A?ril * ¦ ™
33 55 N. Ion 12S 25 W— Bktn Cather.ne ?¦«"'•'¦ v
hence April 2S, for Cape Nome- Mar-
April 22. lat 26 N\ lon IS M W-Br «W. M *J r
Ion Llchtbody, from Newcastle, hnslnr.a. ror
Santa Kusalia. ,
ARRIVED.
300 Belcher 1>, 7o> Overman 1
200 Best & Belcher. 2S; 6O) Savage «
8S8H?:S!** ¦::!»« l .S r .™.':::::: 8
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 03 ISO Ophlr 4«
300 Best & Beicher. 28 2U0 Overman" II
200 Best & Belcher. 27 200 Overman 11
I*) Caledonia oo :no PotosT w
100 Caletlonta S7 200 Savage """" 13
2'" Challenge Con.. 13 to,, sterrS Nevkda.". 9>
££ £ on J; a ! 5 >,— 1 »<> S>erra Nevada.. r.»
SS r? t C J % V1 47H m Vnion Con...... 13
600 Gould & Curry. Hi aw Yellow Jacket.. 18
CLOSING~QUQTATIONS.
THl»SDAY, May W — 1 p. m.
.. . :'sV Bid. Ask. , Bid. Ask.
- Pha 01 0J Justice 01 03
Alt f 01 04 Kentuck — 01
£"<>* 05 Oft Lady Wash..... — o:»
I'elcher io lfMexican 22 21
Hest & Belcher. 27 2* Occidental 03 11
I ?", n !, on W 03 Ophlr 47 43
Caledonia 80 S3 Overman 12 13
thollar 18 17 Potosi 17 13
Challenge Con.. 11 13 Savage 12 ' It
Confidence 70 V, Hcorpion — 0*
Con Cal & Va..l 43 1 50 Peg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 23 31
<.on New York. — »t Silver Hill 14 15
Eureka Con..... - &o St Louis — 13
Crown Point... .00 1,> Standard 3 65 4 20
F-xchequer 01 02 Syndicate OS —
Gould & Curry. 14 13 Union Con 19 *>
Hale & Norcrs. 27 2> Utah .'. 08 07
J^ lla — . 01 lYellow Jacket.. 14 15
Morntnz Session.
B2S°S«riV? the SiUeS ' n thC PaClflC StOck
Mornlnr Session.
100 Andes 0« JcTO Mexican ?•
4CO Belcher V) I 1"O Occidental 11
700 Best * Belcher. »| 300 Ophlr A
KM Caledonia HI W0 Ophlr «
hol li r .VN"'\ 17i m °v«»Mn """" 17
¦JOO Con Cal & Va..l 50; 700 Potosi i«
300 Confidence ,7'»; 3(»> Sierra Neva'dJil' to
40OHale & Norcrs.*27| 3Ort Yellow Jacket." IT.
Afternoon Si^ssion.
300 Best & Belcher. Zh 100 Ophir i
100 Caledonia V0| iflO Ophlr ,J
10O Challenge 12 SCO Ophlr A
20OCho!lar IS a» Pot oil '" t
700 Con Cal & Va..l 5i> .I5i> Sierra Vevaiii!* «
100 Hale & Norcrs. 2s 209 Utah^ Xe * ada " "
100 Occidental 11 C8
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Blue Goose <r <«.
100 Home Oil ¦/" 4 Si
50 National O & D Co "J- \ 05
Afternoon Session.
Board—
BO Home Oil 1 u
100 Yukon ...: "*••* \ %l
Street—
$10,000 N P C R R 6a 102 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 47 I2«i
15 Spring Valley Water, clsh 94 87V»
103 Spring Valley Water 93 CO "
$4000 Spring Valley 6s 115 CO
J9000 Spring Valley 4s, 2d mortgage 1C3 00
Street—
$1000 Market-street Railway 1st cons Bs..ll7 50
Afternoon Session.
200 Contra Costa Water 71 co
10 Giant Powder Con 90 qq
20 Giant Powder Con 83 73
5 Giant Powder Con gj
10 Giant Powder Con $3 qq
25 Giant Powder Con gjj 50
15 Giant Powder Con gs 25
40 Giant Powder Con ss 371
10 Giant Powder Con.. gs «;i*
100 Honakaa S Co 32 50
250 Paauhau S P Co 31 371^
13 Pacific Gas Improvement 45 jj
25 Pacific Gas Improvement 45 o<>
29 S F Gas & Electric Co, a 90 47 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 00
$ir,00 Spring Valley 4s, 2d mortgage 103 12W
$1000 United States 3s 109 00
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 117 73
..10 California Fruit Canners' 103 00
50 Contra Costa Water 53 23 I
23 Giant Powder Con 90 25
25 Honakaa 32 374
30 Hutchlmmn S P Co 25 50
200 Market-street Railway 83 00
$1000 Market-street Railway con 5s 117 50
125 Paauhau S P Co.... 31 25
ISO Pacific Gas Improvement 45 25
10 Pacific Lighting 4350
15 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 47 25
Morning Session.
THURSDAY, May 10—2 i>. m
TT _ _ Bid. Ask.. Bi.J.Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult C !• Co. 2% 2Ti
(s quar coup.. 114%114T* Mutual El Co. — 11
4s do reg llis»114^ O G L & H... 45 47U
«s dd cp new..l33* t U4i;irac Gas Imp.. 44% 454
3s do coup 100 109\jPac L Co 42 U —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 46<* 47>4
Cal-st Cab 5s.. — 119H ! San Francisco. 4V, 4 7 «
C C Water 6s.. 107^ — Stkn G & E Co 1j —
Ed L & P ii3..l^', — Insurance
F & Cl Ry 6s. .115 — Flrem's Fund. 227 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 92V» Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5Vis.. _ _ Anglo Cal Ltd. <S 66Vi
Do 5s 105 l<Vi Hank of Cal... 405 —
L A Ry 5s 104 lOJVi Cal S 1> & T..104 106
L A L Co 6s... — — [First National. — 2*J
Do gntd 6s... 99V4101 Lon P & A/...132H —
,L A fc P R 5s.l'J2Vj — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s. ..12"^ — iNev Nat Bank— —
Do 1st m 5s..ll7VtHS Savings Banks — ¦
N G N R K 7s.H4 — Ger S & L 1S90 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll5 — Hum S & L... — —
N it of Cal Ss.lisv; — Mut Sav Bk.. 45>i —
N P C R U 6s.luUilO2Vi S F Sav U... 505 —
Do as 107?4 — Sav & L Soc. 74 73
N Cal R R 6s. 113 — Sec Sav Bk... — —
Oak G L&His.llu — Union T Co... — —
Oak Trans 6a.. 115 — t-'treet Railroads-
Oak W Co 5s.. — 105H: California 121Va —
Oceanic S Co..lOti 7 * — Geary-st 50 —
Om C Ry 6s... 127',, — Market-st Ry. 62 l i 63'i
P & Cl Ry 6s. 105 — O S L & H — 50
P & O R K 6s. 115 — Presidio IS —
Powell-st R 6s. 117 — Powder Stocks —
Sac L & G R5s — — California ICO 170
S F & SJV 5s. US — Giant Con Co.. 8SU SS%
S Hy of Cal bi.lUU — Vigorit 31W 3ii
S P df A 6s.... — 111% fugar Stocks-
Do (190.-.) 109 llu liana S P Co.. — g*i
Do (1906) 1114113 Haw C & 3 Co — 90
Do (1912) 119 — Honokaa S Co 32»i —
X>o 1st cs 03.. — — Hutch S P Co.25*» 26
S V Br 6s 12S>i — Kilauea S Co.. 21 21V4
S V Water 6s.. — — Makawell S Co 4S 4S'' t
Do 4s 103'il03Vi Onomea S Co.. 2s zs\
S V W (3d m).l«J — Paauhau S Co. 31U 31%
Stocktn Gas 0s 'J9 — Miscellaneous —
Water Stocks— Al Pack Asn.. — IIS
Contra Costa.. 70 1 ; 714 Cal Fruit Asn. — 1M
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. 94% — Oceanic S Co.. 92 91
Gas & Electric— ' Pac A F A 2 —
Cent G L Co.. — — I Pac C Bor Co.. 150 —
Cent L & P.... 3% — |Par Paint Co.. 10 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There was a good business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. Spring Valley
Water advanced to $95 and Contra Costa Water
to J69 25. Giant Powder was weaker at $30 25.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water made
a further advance to J71 and Giant Powder a
further decline to tSS 25. (
The dividend of 10 cents per share by the
Standard Consolidated Mining Company will be
paid on the 21st.
The .New York and Honduras Rosarlo Mining
Company has declared the regular monthly
dividend of 10 cents per share, payable May 12.
The regular monthly dividend of 20 cents per
share on the Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
wards Klectric Railway Company has been de
clared, payable on May 15.
The Hutchlnaon Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cents per share, payable
on the 21st.
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared a dividend of 42 cents per share, payable
on the 21st.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany reports Us product for lSi>3 at 18.341 tons,
and estimates the yield for 1900 at 1\«W tons,
exclusive of a loss of 800 tons by tire. Last
year's crop sold at $S2 60 per ton, while the
cost of handling the same from the mill to
market was t'j S3. The net profits for the
year were J607.4S6. Dividends of $50,000 per
month were renewed last December. The dat-»
of holding the annual meeting has been
changed from the second Wednesday in May
to the second Wednesday In April. The re
ports are for the calendar year. The current
Indebtedness was reported at $68,315, exclusive
of notes for $100,000 due in two years.
Exchange and Silver as before quoted.
XV heat a fraction off.
Nothing new in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Beans and Seeds neglected and nominal.
Barley slightly lozver.
Potatoes and Onions zveak.
Eastern Poultry brought good prices.
Butter end Cheese steady. Eggs declining.
Apricots received from Arizona.
Provisions doing better in the West.
Hides continue -weak and accumulating.
Decline in Ccal Oil.
Decreased shipments of specie from this port.
Nn.v York Grain and Produce.
Spring plowing is more or less late in almost
every State In which its condition is a matter
of any especial significance. The only notable
exceptions are Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Illi
nois. Kansas. Missouri and Arkansas. The
work already done In the country at large is
estimated at C8.4 per cent for the total con
templated, the proportion usually done by May
1 being about 75 per cent of the whole.
The average condition of spring pasture was
91.3. against M.5 on May I, 1S99; 91.2 on 'May
1. 189S. and 90.9, the mean of the May averages
for the last ten year?.
The average condition of meadow mowing
lands on May 1 was 90. s. against S4.9 on May
1, 1S99; i>2.9 on May 1. ISO*, and 91.3. the mean
of the May averages of the last ten years.
For the are* remaining under cultivation
the average condition on May 1 was 8S.9 per
cent. While this average is 6.2 points above
the mean of the averages of the last ten
years, and has been exceeded only three times
In fifteen years, it must be remembered that
the acreage plowed up, cut for forage (except
in California, where it is not yet definitely
ascertainable) or otherwise abandoned, has
been entirely eliminated. The high averages
of condition reported last month for Kansas,
Missouri. Texas and other more or less im
portant wheat-producing States that have es
caped tlio ravages of the fly have been fully
maintained, and on May 1 nearly one-half of
the entire winter wheat acreage remaining un
der cultivation reported a full normal or still
higher condition. The average condition of
winter rye on May 1 was SS.5, as compared
with 85.1 <m May 1. 1S99. 94.5 on May 1, 1S9S,
nnd $9.7 the mean of the May averages for
the last ten years. Pennsylvania and New
York, with 42.1 per cent of the total winter
rye acreage of the country, report conditions
11 points and 4 points respectively below their
ten-year averagex. Kansas, which ranks third
in the scale of acreage, reports the high
average condition of 107. the highest average
reported on May 1 of which there Is any record.
Indiana, 1.60S.WM); Ohio. 969.000: Michigan.
317,000; Pennsylvania, 158,000, and Illinois. 137,
000 acres.
"WASHINGTON. May 10.— The monthly report
of the Agricultural Department is as follows:
Returns to the statistician of the Department
of Agriculture made up to May 1 show the
area of winter wheat in cultivation on that
date to have been about 26.585,000 acres, or
2,563,000 or 11.8 per cent less than the area
estimated to have been sown last fall. The
reduction in acreage in the principal States
owing to winter killing and the ravages of the
Hessian fly is as follows:
Condition of the Wheat Crop.
LONDON. May 10.— Atchlson. 2S«4: Canadian
Pacific, 96U.; Union Pacific preferred. 75VI;
Northern Pacific preferred. 77; Grand Trunk,
7Vi: Anaconda. X~i: bar silver, steady, 27',td per
ounce; mejiey, 3^s per cent.
CLOSING,
NEW YORK, May 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablerram says:
There were weak *r>ots in the markets here to,
day, but taken as a whole the markets were
hardy. The cheering Influences were the news
of General Roberts' continued advance and the
good bank return. Bear operators were dis
posed also to olos« before the settlement, par
ticularly their commitments in mines. Funds,
however, continued to droop, affected adversely
by the money outlook. Americans opened firm,
the low level at which they stood yesterday at
tracting moderate purchases, both for lxmdon
and tb« Continent, but New York made only
slight response to the rise here and the close
was undecided. Baltimore and Ohio reacting
especially. Tintos were % off owing to the
weakness in copper, whilo Anacondas rose to
New York parity. The bank received £50,000
gold from Norway and lost £10.000 to South
America. Bills and call money are inclined to
be easier. The bank did a fair business in dis
counts. There was less talk of gold shipments
from America, despite the half-penny rise in
the buying price oT eagles, as it la thought that
the Bank of England will not pay interest on
Bold in transit. Silver was 29 9-16d at the close
on Indian coinage orders. •
London Market.
WASHINGTON. May 10.— To-day's ¦tatement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the Jl'AOOO.000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $147,C06.832; gold. $76,540,751.
Condition of the Treasury.
H S434 84% for sixty days: posted rates, $4 85©
4 85^ and J4 S9^4 89*4; commercial bills. $4 83%
<8* S4'i. Silver certificates. 60@60Hc Bar sil
ver, C9%c. Mexican dollars. 47%c Govern
ment bonds, strong; State bonds, strong; rail
road bonds, strong.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and lower; No. 2 spring wheat, 6o^fi6i\ic; So.
3, CoH-SeeVic; No. 2 red. 72c; No. 2 corn, 29c:
Xo. 2 yellow., 39Uc; No. 2 oats. 2a«4f)24c: No. I
white, 26Hig 27e; No. 3 white. 25?i026He; No. 2
rye. S3</ic; good feedln* barley. 36H'S37c: fair
to choice malting, 40J?43c: No. 1 flaxseed. Jl SO;
No. 1 Northwestern, SI SO; crime timothy seed,
12 50; mess pork, per barrel, JH 50(311 55; lard,
per 100 pounds. Ji5 S5&6 &"*»; short ribs sides
(loose). $6 45<gC 70: dry salted shoulders (boxed),
6\4S0*ic; short clear sides (boxed). $7 05©7 15;
whisky, basis of high wines. Jl 23%: clover,
contract grade, 17.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1,332 Potatoes, sks 526
Oats, ctls 1.270
FOR THURSDAY. MAY 10.
Flour, qr sks 32.041'Sugar. sks • l.«0O
Wheat, ctls 2.2*0 (Wool, bags 64
Barley, ctls 4.533 l Hay, tons 535
Oats ctls 2.1Z0 Pelts, bdls Si5
Corn. East, ctls.. 6<x> Hides. No 2.143
Corn, ctls 4<X> Wine, gals 39.t«»
Butter, ctls 73S Eggs, doz 3'>.3*>
Cheese ctls 336 Suprar. bWa 110
Potatoes, sks 3,670 Quicksilver, flska ,»r>
Middlings, sks 67r> Leather, rolls 128
Onions, sks 50<) '
Receipts of Produce.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water
white Coal Oil. in bulk. 13c; Pearl Oil. in
cases, 19c: Astral, 19c; Star, 19c: Extra
Star Oil. 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21c: De
odorized Gasoline, In bulk. 16c; do, cases, 22c;
Benzine, in bulk, I5Hc; do. ca.«es, 21%c; 86
degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; do. cases. 27c
per gallon. ¦
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100 lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.60c; Powdered.
5.60c: Candy Granulated. 5.20c; Dry Granulated.
5.10c; Confectioners' A. 5.10c; Magnolia A.
4.70c; Extra C, 4.60c; Golden C, 4.50c; barrels,
10c more; half-barrels, 23c more: boxes. 50o
more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
lnos. half-barrels. 5.85c: boxes. 6.10c per lb.
cite Egg, $14: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15
per ton In bulk and 117 In sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, tS 45 per 2000 lbs.
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at 75c for raw and
77c for boiled In bbls; cases, 5c more.
The leading futures ranged as follows
Trade was active with general buying by
packers, but the advance was all lost near
the close on proflt-taklng.
BAGS-San Quentln Bags. $5 65: Calcutta
Grain nags. 6>ic; Wool Bags, 2S«4@32«4c; Fleece
COAL— Wellington. W per ton: new Wellinir
«"?•« *?, : Southfleld Wellington. »7 60; Seattle"
J6 50: Bryant, $6 60; Coos Bay, tf: Wallsend «¦
Co-operative Wallsend.- $8; Cumberland, m Tn
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Antnra-
General Merchandise.
PORK-Llve Hogs, 6%«f6c for small and m»
dlum and 6«4®5Hc for large: stock Hog 3 Efd
teeders. SViSaVac: dressed Hogs. 7(&8U.c
LAMB— Spring. 8@9c per lb,
¦ BEEF— 6©6%c per lb for fair to choice
VEAL— 6>4@9c per lb.
MUTTON-Wethers, 7©7Hc; ewes. 6®7c ner
pound. . . .
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10®K>Hc: medium. 9@9VJc; light. 9©9U C -
Cowhides. 9£j9V4c: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip foc :
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, sound. 18c: culls' and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16#17c; Dry
Calf, 19@20c; Sheepskins, shearlings. I5<a3o c
each; short Wool. 35®60c each: medium, 70«90c
long Wool, $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides, J2M->
for large and 51 2:,<<i 1 75 for small; Colts 254*
DOc. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 40c- fall
or medium skins, 35c; winter or thin skins' •»(•-
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large' and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6©5Hc n e r lh-
No. 2. 4@4'/4c; refined. 6c; grease, 2Vi@3c
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows-
Northern free, 15%&17c; Northern defective 13
615c; Middle County, free,' 15<j?i7c: Miiifi!«
County,- defective, 13©15c; Southern Mountain
12 menths'. 12@13c: do. free. 7 months'. li{ri 3c '.
do. defective. 7 months'. 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20#23c: Nevada.. 16@18c per lb
HOPS— 6(gSc per lb.
Hides are still quoted dull and accumulating,
though there is no further decline.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7(g8e per lb for com
pound and 8V4ff3c for pure; half-barrels, pure
9>4c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins. lOftc
COTTOLENE— Tierces. S3»@S%c per lb; half
barrels. E}*@S%e; 10-lb tins, 9»4c,
Cured meats were firmer in Chicago yester
day, and buying by the leaders gave the market
a higher look. There was no change in the
local situation.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy
lie for light medium, 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14%c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13V4@Hc; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13: Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork. $14 5O@15; extra clear. |19; Mess. $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12>A4jl3c per lb.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8®9c for Standards and
SijlCc for softshells; Almonds. HH@12c for
paper shell, SQlOc for soft and 4®5c for hard
shell. Peanuts, 5*»@6%c for Eastern and 5c for
California. Brazil Nuts. "ttfcSc Filberts, 12Q
12^c Pecans, 114jl3c. Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, UMQKc for bright and 10\iif
lie for light amber; water whit* extracted.
7Hc; light amber extracted, 6H@7c; dark 5ii
©6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks, 3?ic for
40-50' s. 3^c for 50-60' s, 3'4c for 60-70" s, 3®3U for
70-SO's. 2%g3c for S0-90's and 2V4c for 90-100's;
Apricots, 9® 10c for Royals and 10®llc for
Moorparks; Peaches, 4^4@4%c for Standards. 5c
for choice and 5H66c for fancy; Peeled Peaches,
10@12%c; Evaporated Apples, 5V4@'6c: Sun-dried.
3@4c per lb; Pears. 3V4tHV4c for dark and 7@Sc
for bright halves: Black Figs, l?i@2c; White
Figs. "fii3e; Bleached Plums. 7%c; unbleached
Plums, 6c for pitted and 1H C for unpltted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, SVic; choice, 7%c; standard, 6»*c;
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
£0-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5V4c;
3-crown. 6Vlc; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. Jl 60 per box; 3-crown, |l 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 £0; Imperial, J3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
RASPBERRIES— From Newcastle, $1 25 per
crate; from near-by points, COcSU per drawer.
BLACKBERRIES— Some from Covina on Ice
sold at 15c per backet. - .
CURRANTS— 75c«0Jl per drawer.
CHERRIES— 35<S50c per box for red and white
and 50<fI75c for black, a few fancy bringing 90c
fcrjl. Receipts were 2504 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, *1 60^3 per
box: Seedlings. $l<gl 75; Lemons, fl<gl 50 for
common and J25V2 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. S-T-i l 50; Bananas, $1 25#2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples. $3 50@4 per dozen.
'STRAWBERRIES— Wib per chest for large
and $603 for small berries. Receipts were 394
° GOOSEBERRIES— 25^400 per drawer for
common and >c per lb for English.
Cherries continued to decline, though receipts
were not as heavy as on the preceding two
days. Other fruits showed little change.
Five cars of Bananas, delayed in the passage
from New Orleans, and turned down by the
local consignees, were thrown on the market
by the railroad company, and are selling at
50c@Jl per bunch.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 75c<@$3 per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Pringle Apricots came in from Arizona, sell
ing at $2^2 SO per crate.
Dealrs complain that shippers are sending in
small and held Eggs, the latter as "fre3h," and
the retailers are beginning to notice It.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 17%c; seconds,
lC^rjnc.
Dairy — Fancy, 16<7i!16V4c; good to choice, HQ
15V4c: common. 13'/-c.
CHEESE— New, 7H®8%c: Young America, 9S
JHic: Eastern, WQXlc; Western, lj'^lttc per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13^<S 14c for store and 15
616c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, la® 16c
asked.
Cheese Is rather firm than otherwise.
Creamery Butter Is quoted firm, but medium,
and lower grades are weak and dull with in
creasing stocks.
Ranch Eggs continue to weaken. The demand
for them is slow and stocks are accumulating.
B.utter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars Eastern "came in. making four thus
far this week. This Eastern stock is selling
at 11® 14c for Turkeys. »3fc"3 50 for Ducks. $2 23
for Geese, J6®-6 50 for Hens, »S for young Roos
ters and ?5 for old Roosters.
Local stock Is steady and shows little change.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lli&12c for Gob
blers and 12&13c for Hens; Oeese. per pair.
Jl 60@l 75; Gonlings, $1 73S2; Ducks, {4 50@5
for old and $5 50<fj'6 for young; Hens, J435-
Young Roosters, Jt>@7; Old Roosters, 51 25<&4 50;
Fryers, $4 50®5; Broilers, {3 50g'4 for large
and J2(33 for small; Pigeons, $1 75©2 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
The market for all descriptions remains very
quiet.
BEANS— Bayos. $3®3 20; small White. $3 230
3 45; larce White. »3 10@3 20; Pink. J2 6O®2 90-
Red. J3 »5<53 50; Blackeye, J3 E0@4; Butters
Seyi: mht m ' a m pea - l3 - 40es 50: Red
SEEDS -Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. <WaiKc: Flax. *1 9002 20; Canary.
3? i9 r !£-,n Or c r aUfornla an<1 4c tor Eastern;
PJ«ED PEAS-NIIes. »1 90«?2 25; Green. U 90
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts were 760 boxes Asparagus. 422 boxes
Rhubarb. 663 sacks Peas, 697 sacks and S63 boxes
new Potatoes.
More Cucumbers came In from Marysvllle.
Potatoes were lower under free receipts.
Vegetables showed little change.
POTATOES— Burbanks, 40365c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks. 50@90c; New Potatoes. $101 25
In sacks and $1 2j in boxes. .
ONIONS-New Red, 65c® %1 10 per ctl; Aus
tralian, W&* 60 per ctl
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 40@85c per box;
aK , U8 ' 50c ®» 25 Per box for No. 2 and
II 60@l 7a for No. 1 and $2 for fancy large:
., r « n , Pea8> 73c @^ Per sack for common and
Jl 25 for Garden; String Beans, 2@4c; Wax
Beans, 4@5c; - Horse Beans, 60c per sack;
Cabbage. 40@50c; Tomatoes, $1 50®l 75; Ksg
Plant from I-os' Angeles. 10(gpl5c: Dried Okra,
32V»c per lb; Garlic, 8@10c; Green Peppers from
Los Angeles. .8@10c; Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Car
rots, 2S@35c per sack; Los Angeles Summer
bquash, fl@i 25 per box: Cucumbers, 40@75c per
dozen for hothouse and $2 per box for Marys
vllle.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS - Rolled Barley. U5017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing.
127 E0@2S: Cocoanut Cake. J20@21; Cprn Meal.
$25; Cracked Corn. J23 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
A 7~ W u e f t§ $7 f 9 for common to good; $9 50
@10 for choice: Wheat and Oat. |7ffi9: Oat,
71 Alfalfa ' W7*50 per toT"
STRAW— 2a&3oc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
All descriptions remain unchanged. , There
was no new Hay In.
BRA.V- J12@13 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17@20 Der ton.
l° w V usual discount to the trade: Graham
flour. K 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 60: Rice Flour. *7; Corn Meal. J2 50:
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buck-
Wheat Flour. H@i 25; Cracked Wheat. S3 23;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $8©7 25; in sacks *5 75@7; Pearl
JJarlfy. »5; Split Peas, *5; Green Peas. J5 60 per
100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
There was a weak start to corn, owinjr to
| a sharp br^ak at Liverpool and favorable
planting weather, but several bull leaders came
to the HOpport of the market, starting an un
turn. An announcement that one million
bushels of cash corn had been sold here for
export by interests active on the . bull si-i e
helped along the advance. July closed \ka uo
at 38%©39c. . . a '
Oats ruled firm, but dull. The close wu
unchanged. .
A good shipping demand for caBh meats and
small receipt* of hogB strengthened provisions.
CHICAGO. May lO.-More favorable weather
and lower cables started wheat weak A
ellsht rally followed, but realizing sales 'were
met with and the Improvement was only tem
porary. The weak feeling in corn which pre
vailed early also had an adverse Influence but
the traders were decidedly apathetic owing to
the near approach of the Government croD
report, there being; a disposition to hold off
until the report was made public and Borne
thimr definite was known as to the -pSnt
proiipwu i of the coming: crop. After the initial
Hurry the market ruled extremely dull the
remainder of the session, with the price almost
at a standstill. July closed a fraction low"
at CjC.
PARIS.
8
THE STOCK MARKET.
IO SAIL.
Shifting Intelligence.
ARTICLES.
Open. High. Low. Close.
65% 65% ' 63% 65%
67 67% 66% 67
371, 3SV4 37% 37%
3S«| 39% SSU 38 :
SS% 39% 3ST* 30*.
I
Wheat No. 2—
May
July '.'.'.'.'.'.'.
Corn No. 2—
May
July ;;.;.'¦
September ""
Onts No. 2—
May ¦
June
juiy ;;;;;;
Mess pork, bbl— "'
May
July
Lard. 100 lbs—
May
juiy ;;;;;
September p."
Short ribs. 100 lbs—
May
July ...'.'.'.'.'."
September li
22% 21% 22% I 22%
22% 22% 22% 22-%
22% 22% 8H 22%
11 DO
li 65 11 S2%|11 60 11 65
6 85 6 85 6 85 6 85
6 90 6 97'4 6 87H 6 87^
8 90 7 00 6 90 ! 6 92^
.. 6 524
< 60 6 65 6 57% 6 57%
6 60 6 65 6 55 6 60
ARTICWJS. [Receipts. I £
[Receipts.
Shipm'ts.
Shipm't
Flour, barrels 16,000
Wheat, bushels 110,000
Corn, bushels 23S.000
Oats, bushels 12S.0OO
Rye. bushels 7.000
Barley, bushels 10.000
6.000
24,000
238.000
115,000
ii'666
O Time! ITlme Timei Tlme|
s> Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W JH W I^W. H W
11 ... 3:25. 0.9 ! 10:05 4.0 2:511 2.s( 9:24' 5.4
12 ... 3:531 0.6; 10:53J 4.2 3:23 J.7 9:51! 5.«
13 ... 4:35 0.0; 11:39 4.4 4:0« 2.8 10:191 5.S
14 ... 5:12'— 0.31 12:23 4.5 4:45 3.0 10:50| 5.7
13 ... 6:50:— 0.6 1:11 4.« 5:2SJ 3.1 U:26 5.7
15 ... 6:32|—0.6i 1:M 4.7 «:15' 3.2
H W [li W IH Wi L, W
17 ...| 0:08* 5.«! 7:13—0.6' 2:44| 4.SJ 7:10 J.«
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Corona San Diego May It
Pomona Humboldt May 11
Tfllu* lOyster Harbor iMay 11
Bristol lOygter Harbcr IMay 11
America Mara. iChlna and Japan... |May l>
Queen V'ictorla & Puget Sound, May 12
Ortzaca (Vancouver (May 1J
Samoa IHumboldt 'May 13
Del Norte 'Oretron Ports 'May II
Itonila l.Vewport May P
Grace Dollar.... 'Guaymas IMay 14
Vnlver*« Oyster Harbor IMay It
Wellington Oyster Harbor May U
Columbia Oregon Ports IMay IS
Santa Rosa 'Pan D!«?ko IMay 1>
Pomona iHumboldt IMay 14
¦Washtenaw [Tacoma IMay U
Coos Bay IN'ewport 'May 17
Walla Walla.. ..! Victoria & Puget Sound May 17
Crescent City.. .'Oresc-ent City 'May 17
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
• — 1=^-
Coptic jChlna&Japan'May It 1 pmlPMSS
foos Bay. ..'Newport : M»» H. 9 amlPiw 11
Empire JCoos Bay [May It. 12 mlPlerl.1
Santa Ana.. Seattle iMay 11. lOam'Pler S
Umatllla ..|Vic & Pgt Sd.jMay 11. 11 am! Pier »
Coqullle RvJGrays Harbor May 12, 2 pml
AInha 'Cape Nome May 12. 3pmiPler !
Arcata : Coos Bay May IS. 12 m.jPlerlJ
Octavla .....jEurope May 12. 19 am Pier 7
Crescent CyjCreacent Clty.jMay 12, 3 pm
I State of Ca I Portland IMay 13. llam'PlerJ*
I North Fork'Humboldt !May 13. 9 am Pier 3
Corona iSan Dtepo IMay 13. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona IHumboldt !Mny 13. Jpm'Pter •
C. Nelson. .ISeattle IMay 13. 10 am Pier *
Pt. Arena. . ipotnt Arena.. 'May 14. 2 pm Pier J
Senator .... Cape Nome.... IMay 14. 11 amjPier H
Newburs .. Grays HarbcrJMay 14, 8 pml
Honlta 'Newport May 15. 9ara;Plerll
Samoa iHumboUt May 15. 10 am'Pier Vt
>^tnier :C"ap» Nome.... IMay IS, IpmiPierJ*
Del Norte-.-lOreKon Ports. IMay 1j. I0amlP1er?>
Ohio !Cape Nnm»....!My 13. 2:30 pmiPler 20
Luella .-...ICape Norap....jMay 13. 3 pm'Pier 3
San Pedro.. Cape Nome... 'May 15. 11 am!Pler 11
Alameda ... Australia 'May K SpmlPler T
Quoen Vic A Pet SJ. May 1«. 11 am'Plcr 11
Santa Rosa.lSan Diejco May IT. 11 am Pier 11
Newport ...IPar.ama 'May IS
C D Lane.frare Nome... May IS
Columbia ..'Ore*™ PottsJMV }3. ...... ". — •.
Pom.^na ....IHumbol.lt IMay 13. 2 pm'Pier i
O Time! ITlme Timei Tlme|
s> Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W JH W I^W. H W
11 ... 3:25. 0.9 ! 10:05 4.0 2:511 2.s( 9:24' 5.4
12 ... 3:531 0.6; 10:53J 4.2 3:23 J.7 9:51! 5.«
13 ... 4:35 0.0; 11:39 4.4 4:0« 2.8 10:191 5.S
14 ... 5:12'— 0.31 12:23 4.5 4:45 3.0 10:50| 5.7
13 ... 6:50:— 0.6 1:11 4.« 5:2SJ 3.1 U:26 5.7
15 ... 6:32|—0.6i 1:M 4.7 «:15' 3.2
H W [li W IH Wi L, W
17 ...| 0:08* 5.«! 7:13—0.6' 2:44| 4.SJ 7:10 J.«
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
• — 1=^-
Coptic jChlna&Japan'May It 1 pmlPMSS
foos Bay. ..'Newport : M»» H. 9 amlPiw 11
Empire JCoos Bay [May It. 12 mlPlerl.1
Santa Ana.. Seattle iMay 11. lOam'Pler S
Umatllla ..|Vic & Pgt Sd.jMay 11. 11 am! Pier »
Coqullle RvJGrays Harbor May 12, 2 pml
AInha 'Cape Nome May 12. 3pmiPler !
Arcata : Coos Bay May IS. 12 m.jPlerlJ
Octavla .....jEurope May 12. 19 am Pier 7
Crescent CyjCreacent Clty.jMay 12, 3 pm
I State of Ca I Portland IMay 13. llam'PlerJ*
I North Fork'Humboldt !May 13. 9 am Pier 3
Corona iSan Dtepo IMay 13. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona IHumboldt !Mny 13. Jpm'Pter •
C. Nelson. .ISeattle IMay 13. 10 am Pier *
Pt. Arena. . ipotnt Arena.. 'May 14. 2 pm Pier J
Senator .... Cape Nome.... IMay 14. 11 amjPier H
Newburs .. Grays HarbcrJMay 14, 8 pml
Honlta 'Newport May 15. 9ara;Plerll
Samoa iHumboUt May 15. 10 am'Pier Vt
>^tnier :C"ap» Nome.... IMay IS, IpmiPierJ*
Del Norte-.-lOreKon Ports. IMay 1j. I0amlP1er?>
Ohio !Cape Nnm»....!My 13. 2:30 pmiPler 20
Luella .-...ICape Norap....jMay 13. 3 pm'Pier 3
San Pedro.. Cape Nome... 'May 15. 11 am!Pler 11
Alameda ... Australia 'May K SpmlPler T
Quoen Vic A Pet SJ. May 1«. 11 am'Plcr 11
Santa Rosa.lSan Diejco May IT. 11 am Pier 11
Newport ...IPar.ama 'May IS
C D Lane.frare Nome... May IS
Columbia ..'Ore*™ PottsJMV }3. ...... ". — •.
Pom.^na ....IHumbol.lt IMay 13. 2 pm'Pier i
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Corona San Diego May It
Pomona Humboldt May 11
Tfllu* lOyster Harbor iMay 11
Bristol lOygter Harbcr IMay 11
America Mara. iChlna and Japan... |May l>
Queen V'ictorla & Puget Sound, May 12
Ortzaca (Vancouver (May 1J
Samoa IHumboldt 'May 13
Del Norte 'Oretron Ports 'May II
Itonila l.Vewport May P
Grace Dollar.... 'Guaymas IMay 14
Vnlver*« Oyster Harbor IMay It
Wellington Oyster Harbor May U
Columbia Oregon Ports IMay IS
Santa Rosa 'Pan D!«?ko IMay 1>
Pomona iHumboldt IMay 14
¦Washtenaw [Tacoma IMay U
Coos Bay IN'ewport 'May 17
Walla Walla.. ..! Victoria & Puget Sound May 17
Crescent City.. .'Oresc-ent City 'May 17
ARTICWJS. [Receipts. I £
[Receipts.
Shipm'ts.
Shipm't
Flour, barrels 16,000
Wheat, bushels 110,000
Corn, bushels 23S.000
Oats, bushels 12S.0OO
Rye. bushels 7.000
Barley, bushels 10.000
6.000
24,000
238.000
115,000
ii'666
ARTICLES.
Open. High. Low. Close.
65% 65% ' 63% 65%
67 67% 66% 67
371, 3SV4 37% 37%
3S«| 39% SSU 38 :
SS% 39% 3ST* 30*.
I
Wheat No. 2—
May
July '.'.'.'.'.'.'.
Corn No. 2—
May
July ;;.;.'¦
September ""
Onts No. 2—
May ¦
June
juiy ;;;;;;
Mess pork, bbl— "'
May
July
Lard. 100 lbs—
May
juiy ;;;;;
September p."
Short ribs. 100 lbs—
May
July ...'.'.'.'.'."
September li
22% 21% 22% I 22%
22% 22% 22% 22-%
22% 22% 8H 22%
11 DO
li 65 11 S2%|11 60 11 65
6 85 6 85 6 85 6 85
6 90 6 97'4 6 87H 6 87^
8 90 7 00 6 90 ! 6 92^
.. 6 524
< 60 6 65 6 57% 6 57%
6 60 6 65 6 55 6 60
AUCTION SALES
HORSE AUCTION SALE
ELECTRIC LIGHT!
livery, draft and business purposes Not a
•W been" In the bunch Several very choice
Carriage Horses and Well-matched Cirrt'n
Teams, besides some very fast and «t> \\<h
Trotters. Pacers and Saddle Horses among
them. These are all at the yard now.
Sale Takes Place at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721-723 Howard St.. Near Third.
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING MAY 11. I*w
At S o'clock sharp.
-WM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Don't Forget to Attend This Sale.
AUCTION SALE!
SATURDAY May 12th
.At 11 o'clock a. m.. at
H. P.RANDENSTEIN & < 1 O"3.
NEW MONTGOMERY AND MISSION
We Will Sell by Order of the Sanitary Collect-
ing Co..
35 Draft and Wacon Horses.
20 Double Carts.
5 Single Carts.
1 single wa;on.
17 Double Set Harness.
Kverythlng in flmt-class order and must t>«
sold to the hiehest bidder on account of retlr-
lng from business. ..
AUCTION SALE
£s» £^> £2%
Of 40 HEAD OF HORSES (suitable for all pur-
poses), ten head of well broken gaddle Horses,
also a number of Mulen. N. H. A. MASON,
owner. Sale positive and no reserve. To b«
soM on SATURDAY. May 12. 1300. at 10 a. m..
at Wainut Creek. Contra Costa County. An op-
: portuulty to purchase good horses at your own
price.T'rJted States District Judge <le Haven
yesterday declared defective and invalid
the indictments against Jerome Churchill.
Isaac G. Straub and Prensley A. Dorris,
accused of enclosing with a fence Gov
ernment land In Slfikiyou County. The
l->lptrict Attorney was instructed to re
•ubmlt the case to the Grand Jury. The
6efcn£a&U are out on bonds.
Indictments I>eclared Invalid.
PHARMACY COLLEGE
CLOSING EXERCISES
BERKELEY. May 10.— The commence
ment exercises of the Department of
Pharmacy of the University of California
will be held at Berkeley May 16. The
graduating class is as follows:
Louis Michael Agnlrre, George Washington
Beck. Will David Hurton, Nathan A,.- Oahn,
Krar.k Martin Carter, Sanford • Warren Cart
wrlght, B. S. ; Will Stacker Cherlngton, War
ren HilBon Cole, Isaac Henry Cory, Paul Gerald
Dorsey, William Charles Eppenhelmer, Robert
Howard Cveleth, Richard Mltchal Fernald,
Kmmett Mahew Fowler. Otto Georjre Freier
mutti. Warren Florlmund Geary. Alfonso Rob
ert Guatave, Gustave Albert Hutaff. Robert
Iienson Heath. Elsie Bell HIgfflna, Walter Ed
ward . Jackson, Alfred Ban Jacoba, Frederick
Schneider Klinker, Gustavo Oscar Klotr., Jo
ceph Jeremiah Mahony, Patrlc Jamei Mo-
Garry, Daniel Kewccmb McMillan. . George
Oliva, Mark Alvln Sawrio, Leo Amandua
Bchmltz, Harry Christian Stauffer, Frank Mar
mion Teams, James S. Torrence, Alice Carolina
Ward. John Wltmer.
Gala Wight at Veterans' Home.
The *even hundred war veterans domi
ciled at the State Home at YountvIIle
crowded Into tho theater last Saturday
evening to be entertained by the Xellie
Holbrook-Bllnn troubadour*, who, under
the escort of Mrs. BJinn, went up Irom the
city to gladden the hearts of the old sol
diers. The stage was very prettily set
and presid.-d ever by Commandant Walt*.
1 he entertainment commenced by an
©verturf- by th«- home band under the
leadership '.f I'rofesscr Bradley. William
Hallett of West's Minstrels sang several
songs and was recalled three times. Pro
fessor Kcan<; gHV» some mysterious trkk*
with cards, money, etc Osca.r Franks.
San Francisco's favorite barytone, render
ed In good stylf several ballads, followed
by the prince of comic entertainers,
P,llly Hynes, whose songs. "I Want to Go
To-morrow," "The Bigger Family." etc.,
completely captivated the audience. Ger
man and Hebrew specialties were given
most artistically by i'rofossor IJarnett.
Mrs. Bllnn gave In her own inimitable
ftyle several recitations.
John" P. Irish to I<ecture.
OAKLAND. May. lO.-John P. Irish will
lecture Sunday evening at the | First Uni
tarian Church, his subject being VThe
True Civic Spirit." This will be the con
cluding address .in - the ; series . on :. Greater
Oakland which : has >. been conducted by
the Starr King Fraternity. .... ;. ,
Officers Were Elected After the Menu
Sad Been Thoroughly
Discussed.
The Corona Club gave its annual break
fast yesterday uftornoon In the banquet
rooms of the Mission Masonic Hail. One
hundred and sixty-four guests attended.
After the breakfast an election of offl
crrs wax held, resulting as follows:
Mr«. Frank Dalton. rreaident; Mns. A. L.
Barry, vice president: Mrs. J. K. C Ilobbn.
Kcond vice j<ni?i<)er.t ; Mira Lizzie I>eacon. cor
responding j-c-cr^tary : ;>:!-« Frances Me«ker, re
corillnjr secretary ; Mrc. E. C. IJenniMon, treas
urer; board of dirc-ctors— Mr». H. S. Stevens,
Mr*. E. S. Solx>y, Mrs. J. V. Jessup, Mr«. L. A.
Xioynton ani Mr*. W. C. Doane.
LADIES OF THE CORONA
CLUB AT BREAKFAST
MILL VALLEY. May 10.— On Saturday
night a mass-meetin? will be held here
for the purpose of discussing the advisa
bility of incorporating this place. The idea
of Incorporating Is a new move to close
the saloons which now exist here, run
ning wide open, and as many as care to
open up. If tho people favor incorpora
tion and it is voted for by the majority
the saloons will be so licensed that it will
be impossible for them to exist. The movu
Is strongly backed by the residents.
May I>rive Out Saloons.
Special Dispatch to The Call
John W. Gates resigned the chairman
ship of the board of directors and is now
on his way to Europe. He is succeeded
by Alfred Clifford of Chicago.
"John Lambert, the president of the
C( mpany, resigned in favor of William P.
Palmer. Isaac L. Elwood resigned as
chairman of the executive committee and
his place is taken by William Kdenbem.
The office of treasurer, made vacant by
the elevation of Mr. Clifford, is filled' by
the election of F. E. Watson. Henry
Scllgman and Frederick Strauss, both of
this city, who resigned from the directory
last Monday because of their opposition
to Mr. Gates and his policy, are succeeded
bv Randall Morgan of Philadelphia and
iferman Slelcken of New York. All the
new officers, directors and commltteemen
named are said to be in absolute harmony
with Mr. Gates and his policy.
NEW YORK. May 10.— Changes of a
sweeping character In the affairs cf the
American Steel and Wire Company were
announced to-day after a session of tho
board of directors.
SWEEPING CHANGES IN
AMERICAN WIRE COMPANY
WOODLAND, May 10.— The Republican
County Convention will be • held here next
Saturday.- Delegates were appointed to
day in all precincts except Winters. In
that town a primary, was held. There
was only one ticket In the field and that
is reported:, to be antirMetcalf. .
Yolo County Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PUEBLO, Colo., May 9.— The Repub
licans of the Second Congressional Dis
trict In convention named D. B.
Fairley of Colorado Springs and Dr. John
Grass of Trinidad as delegates to the na
tional convention at Philadelphia. Rich
ard P. Chlnn of Dumont and George R.
Hurlburt of Ouray were named as the al
ternates. The delegates, were Instructed
for McKinley. The convention adopted
resolutions indorsing the administration
of President McKinley and the course of
Senator E. O. Wolcott.
Instructed for McKinley.
The call for the convention was read
and XV. D. Livingston of San Pete County
was made temporary chairman. He made
a brief address, calling attention to the
prosperity of the country under the pres
ent administration.
The following delegates were elected:
G. M. Hanson, Ogden: C. -E. Loose,
I'rovo; Thomas Kearns, Park City;
George Sutherland, Salt Lake; Hober M.
Wells, Salt Lake; Arthur Brown, Salt
Lake.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May lO.-The Re
publican State Convention met here to
elect six delegates to the National Con
vention at Philadelphia. The convention
was called to order at 12:30 by Chairman
Walton. ' ¦ .
Salt Lake Convention.
SUISUN. May 10.— The Republican pri
maries for the election of delegates to
the State convention were held to-day
and excited but little Interest, as there
was but one ticket In the contest. Fol
lowing is the full list of delegates elected
to represent Solano Countv: Hon. J. J.
Laichsinger. F. W. Willis. F. H. Heegler,
George H. Savage of Vallejo, ¦ W. L.
Crooks of Benlcla, R. D. Robbins of Sul
sun. O. F. Wooderson of VacavlUe,
Charles Schlrmer of Dlxon, L,. P. Lnrsen
of Rio Vista and M. Dinkelsplel of Birds
Landing. O. C. Shulze of Dlxon waa
elected delegate nt large and will be chair
man of the delegation. R. D. Robbins.
the delegate from Sulsun, is a candidate
for delegate to the national convention
and will be supported by the Solano dele
gation.
Primaries in Solano.
Special Dibpatch to The Call
Dr. D. D. Lustig and Miss Irene
Ackerinan Surprise Their
Many Friends.
The pngac« mevi of Dr. D. D. Lustig to
Miss Irono Ackerman was announced yes
terday to th<- surprise of all but a few of
th<> intimate friends of both parties.
Miss Ackerman ig a young society wo
man of prrpopspFslng personal appear
ance, with a charm and grace of manner.
She Is the cousin of Charles Ackerman
the well-known local attorney. Dr. Lus
tig is on- of the Fuccvssful young physi
cians of San Francisco. At present he is
a prominent member on the Hoard of In-
Fanr; Commissioners and is rated highly
in the «p*c'alty of norvous ca-if-s. Until
the last f>-vv month?, when he forsook the
ways of bachclordom, he was an active
member of several cf the leading clubs.
WELL-KNOWN PHYSICIAN
ANNOUNCES ENGAGEMENT
A Chinese Woman named Ah Quey was
chloroformed and robbed of $500 worth of
jewelry yesterday morning in a resort
kept by Ong On on Cum Cook alley. The
thief was apprehended by servants In the
house, but was not turned over to the po
lice, as rich relatives made the loss good
and satisfied the injured parties. Some
time during the night the thief entered
the woman's room, chloroformed her, and
when she was sleeping took two gold
bracelets from her arm. He then pro
ceeded to search the house and made
away with property valued at about $500.
Chinese Woman Robbed.
and O. W. Parka of Albuquerque, N. M.,
and M. Meyers of Fresno, the grievance
committee of the Brotherhood of Locomo
tive Engineers, are In the city In confer
ence with officials of the Santa Fe road
as to a Batifactory wage schedule for en
gineers employed on the Valley road.
No agreement as to wages has been ar
rived at. but the conference is amicable
and will no doubt result satisfactorily to
all parties concerned.
Santa Fe System.
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— C. E. Cramer
Engineers Consult 'With Officials of
WAGES ON VALLEY ROAD.
Epeclat Dispatch to The Call.
SAN' JOSE. May 10.— The project of
holding: a street fair commencing- July 4
and continuing for four days is being con
sidered by the Board of Trade. The local
lodge of Elks ia also preparing for a grand
Fourth of July celebration, and th* two
organizations will probably combine and
make it one of the greatest events Jn the
history of the county and city.
The affair will possess floral and mardi
gras features in connection with the
street fair and the four days will be de
voted to grand street pageants, with the
Horribles and Chinese division with their
great dragon, firemen's tournament and
athletic games and sports. The time will
be most auspicious for Santa Clara Coun
ty, as frulta will be ripe and thousands
of visitors can see its great resources.
The order, of Klks will invite the various
lodges of- the State and these and thou
sands of others are expected to attend.'
STBEET FAIR FOB SAN JOSE.
Project Is Being Discussed by Elks
and Board of Trade.
5TANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 30.
— Preparations are being completed
for the celebration of the ninth an
nual commencement at Stanford.
The official programme, which was Issued
yesterday from the president's office, is as
follows:
Thursday, May 24 — 8 p. m., senior reception In
Enclna Club room.
Friday, May 2S— 10 a. m., dedication of the
volunteer memorial plate In the quadrangle; 3
P. m.. recrption to the graduating clasn by
I'r<-Kiilont and Mrs. Jordan at iioble Hall; 6
p. m., senior farce, in assembly hall.
Saturday. May 26—10:80 a. m., Faculty-Senior
baseball on the campus; 8 p. m., concert by the
university glee and mandolin clubs In assembly
hall.
Sunday. Slay 27 — II a. m., baccalaureate ser
mon in assembly hall by Rabbi Jacob Voor-
Banper. D.I)., of Ran Francisco; 4 p. m., ivy
planting at the new memorial church; 7:4.1
p. in., anniversary cf the Christian associa
tions In the chapel.
Monday. May 2S — 10:30 a. m.. class day ex
erclces in the chapel; 11:30 a. m., dedication of
the '00 plate in the quadrangle; 9 p. m., senior
c\aep ball in Enclna Club room.
Tuesday, May 29—30 a. m., annual business
mating of the alumni in room 21; 11 a. m.,
annual alumni meeting In the chapel, addresses
by David Fanvjol Snedden '67 and Isavid Hut
ton Webster '96: 12:KH p. m., alumni reunion and
luncheon In UoMe Hall: 3 p. m.. address to the
graduate club, by Professor George E. Howard,
in the chapel; 8 p. m., promenade concert In the
quadrangle.
Vedno day. May "> — Ninth annual commence
ment, aswmbly hall; commencement addrea* by
Professor William H. Hudson; conferring of
drgre*>s; address to the graduating class by
President Jordan.
Special DlFpatch to The Call
STANPOPD
HAPPENINGS
OAKLAND, May 10.— President Thomas
II. Williams Jr. of the California Jockey
Club has promised to give an Emeryville
day during the racing season next year,
the proceeds of which will be devoted to
Emeryville's Town Hall.
Overacker Divorce Case.
OAKLAND, May 30.— The pctlon for di
vorce instituted by Charles B. Overacker
apalnst his wife. Mrs. Ella Mary Over
acker, has beon set for trial on May 11 be
fore Judge Hall.
OAKLAND. May 10.— The Varney case,
which was to have been resumed before
Judge Seawell. fitting in Judge Ogden's
department of the Superior Court, was
to-day continued until Tuesday next by
consent of counsel.
Varney Case Continued.
OAKLAND, May 10.— J. I. Harriman. an
engineer who has been engaged in ope
rating a steam plow In the construction
of a bridge across the estuary at Fruit
vale, .was arrested to-day for battery and
on pleading guilty was lined $10 by Judge
Larue. It seems that P. Gaffney. another
engineer, came over from San
and bragged that ho was about to secure
Harriman's Job. The two quarreled and
finally came to blows, the result being
that Gaffney sustained a broken Jaw, a
bad cut over the right eye and several
contusions of the scalp. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital for treatment.
Collided With a Tartar.
OAKLAND. May 30.— City Attorney
Brewton A. Hayne of Berkeley has begun
suit against the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company to condemn for public use a
strip of land about 10O by r>0 fce-t, adjacent
to Shattuck avenue, near Channing way.
It is stated in the complaint that the land
is needed in order to widen Shattuck ave
nue.
Suit to Condemn Property.
OAKLAND. May 10.— Besides a couple
of try-OUtS, the Reliance Club will put
on three ten-round boxing goes at Its gen
tlemen's night Friday evening. The men
matched are: Mike Joyce and George
Watson. 115 pounds; Charles Troast and
Joe Sullivan. 323 pounds ; Billy Martin and
Jack Sullivan, 135 pounds.
Boxing at Reliance Club.
OAKLAND. May 10.— An Indian woman
was run over and killed this afternoon by
the Stockton westbound local train near
Pleasanton. The woman was cros-ing the
track. :ind evidently did rot see or hear
the train appn.achlnj?. The body was
taken to Pleasanton to be held for the
Coroner's inquest. She belonged to a
rancherie on the edge of the town.
Indian Woman Killed by Train.
Th* Fteerape rate of jm from this coast
to Hongkong and Shanghai Is to be in
creased. The amount of iho increase and
•the date it will become effective has not
yet been settled. The steerage rate from
<-'hina ports to this coast ls« to remain at
K100 Mexican. From this orast to Yoko
hama the storage rate of $23 will not be
disturbed. The rate on steerage business
from Japan to this coast was lixed at 50
yen or ebuut J25. The committee, how
ever, rrallze!" that th«> stferape rat«» from
Japan must vary and raise below 50 yen
fo long as the present tide of Japanese
(mxnlxratlcn to the roast continues.
The committee has advanced the first
class or cabin fare from Hongkong via
faclnc Coast ports to London from £57
to i.62. A similar advance ia to be made
by the Suez lines at a meeting their offi
cials are to hold in London next week.
Vhe Suez lines are ,<aid to have suggest
ed the advance of about $Cj.
Rates from Oriental port." to I'aclflc
Coast ports have been advanced to the
basis of farr? from, this coast to the
Orient. The rate from San Francisco, Se
attle and other et>«.«t ports to Hongkong
and Shanghai has all alon< been J2J5 for
cabin i'a^app. From Hongkong and
bnanghal to this coast It has been SlsTi
but is to bo advanced to $225. None of the
outgoing fans is to be disturbed and all
of the incoming fares are to be raised.
I'rom Yokohama to this coast the n«-w
rate wili he $200. That I? the outgoing
rate. Similarly the rate from Kobe to all
ccast ports will be increased to $207 50.
The fare from Nagasaki is to be raised
to BIS.
pub-committee of the Oriental
Traffic Conference has determined to
raise the trans-Pacific fares. When the
conference adjosroed last Friday the
matter of fares wan placed in the hand?
cf a committee, consisting of Robert
Kerr (chairman). R. P. Schwerin, Alex
ander Center, J. S. Van Buren. W. H.
Avery. D. E. Brown and R. A. Donald
6on.
Conference Decides Present
Rates Are Too Low.
Eub-Ccmmittee of Oriental Traffic
TRANS-PACIFIC FARES
ARE TO BE RAISED
OAKLAND, May 10.— Grand Master
Charles K. Snook and Grand Medical Ex
aminer Dr. J. II Mayon ot the Ancient Or
der of United Workmen were the guests
of honor this evening at a reception and
banquet given by Paciiic Lodge No. 7 of
this city. Both of these grand officers,
elected at the last session of the Grand
Lodge, are members of Pacific Lodge.
Representatives from many lodges of this
city and San Francisco were present.
Among those who responded to toasts
wero Past Supreme Master William H.
Jordan, Past Grand -Masters Barnes.
Hirshberg and Danforth, Grand Recordei
C. T. Spencer. Grand Receiver Samuel
Booth. Grand Overseer E. A. Freemun,
Special Deputy Well?, Past Master Mar
ston and Past Master Browning.
Grand Master Snook spoke at som*
length upon the work of the order and
bore with considerable emphasis upon his
plans for the year in his jurisdiction.
He was in hearty accord with everything
that would tend to advance the indivld
\ial lodge interests and the order at large.
Dr. Mayon made an address In as happy
a vein.
WORKMEN'S HONORS TO
TWO GRAND OFFICERS
Mrs. Cetti was until lately employed by
Mrs. W. H. Crocker as a maid. The
woman's husband was then In this city.
He had a theory that It was ridiculous
for a man to work, especially when ho
had a wife. At the solicitation of her
maid Mrs. Crocker gave the man money
enough to go back to his relatives In
Paris. He went to Paris, and his rela
tives, who are prosperous bourgeois, re
ceived him so coldly that he hied to the
cemetery and blew out his brains on the
tomb of his ancestors. He left for a leg
acy to his wife an infallible system of
beating the races.
A cablegram announcing his death was
received by Mrs. Cettl, and she became
almost insane. Mrs. Crocker, who took
an interest in the woman, did a great
deal to comfort her, but when letters ar
rived, written before death by the hus
band, in which he told of his Intent to
die, and described his system of betting
on the races, Mrs. Cetti relapsed. Mrs.
Crocker provided a home for Mrs. Cetti
with the Young Woman's Christian Asso
ciation and had her well cared for, but
Mrs. Cetti left town and went to Stock
ton, where she committed suicide.
Smallpox at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, May 10.— Dr. Hanna of
the State Board of Health, in conjunction
with the Board of Health of the city of
Marysville, reports live suspicious casea
which have been brought to their atten
tion to be those, of modified smallpox. The
persons and premises of the five afflicted,
with the disease have been closely quar
antined, and local physicians are of the
opinion that no spread of the infection
Is to be anticipated.
Mrs. C. F. Cstti, Formerly of This
City, Ends Her Life in a Stock
ton Hotel.
STOCKTON, May lO.-Mrs. C. F. Cettl.
registering at the Commercial Hotel last
night from San Francisco, committed sui
cide this morning by inhaling illuminating
gas through a hose. She left a note to the
hotel proprietor expressing sorrow at put
ting him to trouble, und asking that her
body be allowed to remain in the Morgue
as short a time/as possible, as no one
would call for her. She stated that her
husband was dead and that she could not
live without him. Among the woman's
effects were found endearing letters from
her husband, dated Paris, France, and
two letters, one from a cousin of her
husband, and another from a friend, gave
the details of the suicide of her husband
by shooting at Paris on the 22d of April
last. A cablegram, dated April 23, con
tained the news of his death. The letters
had been addressed to Mme. Cetti. in care
of Mrs. W. H. Crocker, 1150 California
street, San Francisco.
SHE COULD NOT LIVE
WITHOUT HER HUSBAND
session was presented, but it was decided
not to adopt :t. It was decided that the
next session be held in San Francisco.
The election In the evening resulted in
the choice of the following: M. Boehm.
snbsidiary high chief ranger, re-elected;
J. B. Sanford. sub chief; G. W. Lunt,
treasurer re-elected; J. \V. Chutes, secre
tary; J. J. Roberts, senior woodward; W.
P. Jones, Junior woodward; L. F. Ste
phenson. senior beadle; C. J. Gould, jun
ior beadle; A. V. Peters. D. W. MIckley
and J. W. Pounlng. trustees; O. Braacks
ma, AY". J. Claus and George Monk, audi
tors; H. Beaver, O. M. Goldaracena,
George E. Williams. F. C. Butler, Dr. E.
Besker, E. Strohmler and L. Kahrs, arbi
trators. These officers were installed by
Past High Chief Ranger Case, assisted by
Pa«t High Chief Ranger Case.
A banquet followed, at which H. Bea
ver, P. H. C. R., presided, and toasts
were responded to by M. Boehm, E. G.
Case Dr. P. J. Smart, J. B. Sanford, w.
J. Bell. G. W. Lunt. J. Hagan, O. M.
Goldaracena and H. Beaver.
Supreme Grand Circle.
The next session of the Supreme Grand
Circle of the Companions of the Forest
Will be held in this city next week, com
mencing on Monday. The following
are the names of the circles of this or
der and the names of the delegates who
are to represent them:
Washington No! 1, Miss Dalsle S. Falconer
and Mn=. L. Srhenerln; Eureha No. 39, Kannle
K. Jones: California No. MS, Mrs. M. Wllsnn:
Justice No. 104. Mrs. A. .Lonez: Alazzlnl No.
IOC. Marit? Yalerti and Virginia Ccrvelll:
Franklin No. 115. Mrs. M. Smith: Artlmes No.
120. Mrs. L. L. Gale: Valley No. 121. Mrs. Pei
bert and C. Ball: Pride of the Forest No.
122, Elizabeth Norton and Mary Murdoch:
Ivanhr.e No. 1?j. Annie Pemberthy: Sherwood
Nn. 12'J. Kate M. Howard; Sequoia No. 137,
Mrs. H. Meyer: Collin No. 1.10. Mrn. Sophie
Graf; Or© Flno No. lCl. Llllle Oliver; Piedmont
No. 161, J. J. Roberts and Mrs. Mnry E. Peter
pon; Sunshine No. 170, Olive Hone; Alba No.
17.'. Mrs. M. Lock: Loyal No. 179. Annie Page.
Mary I-arse ar.ri Lizzie Prltchard: Knarsbor
ouffh No. 1R9. Mr*. O. Turner; Tuolumne No.
TOO. Mullie Teassrue: Webster No. 193. Mr*. J. O.
Petrrsjn; Bournemouth No. 157, Josenh It.
Sands; Bohemian No. 200, Mrs. A. Hoehm:
Hlana No. 201, Mrs. K. Kpplett: Amaclor No.
202, Mrs. J. A. Bennett; Fidelity No. 203, Mrs.
P. A. Follett and G. W. Corwln.
Mrs. M. E. Falconer, supreme grand
chief companion, will be a candidate for
re-election, and opposed to her will be
Mrs. Madge. Ash. present sub chief; Mrs.
Virginia Cervelli of Mazzini Circle and
Mrs. L. Miller of Oakland.
At the night session yesterday of the
Subsidiary High Court of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters" the work was closed.
During the day a special tax of $1 per
capita was voted in order to clear off
all indebtedness and extend the order
during the current term. The regular per
capita tax was lixed at SO cents.
The proposition to do away with the
Foresters' Advocate and have the order
run an official organ on its own account
was defeated.
A new ritual which had been prepared
under instructions given at the previous
ANCIENT FORESTERS
END THEIR LABORS
FAMOUS SINGER
TO APPEAR HERE
BERKELEY, May 10.— Though the weather seemed so unpropitious that
the class-day exercises of the graduating class of the University of
California had to be postponed until Saturday . night the fraternities en
tertained. All the "frat" houses were prettily decorated and the guests
were entertained at luncheon. Nearly all the societies had orchestras to
furnish music at the afternoon's receptions, the music of the Hawaiian or
chestra of the Phi Delta Theta Fraternity being especially fine. The frater
nities and their members who entertained were:
Beta Theta Pi— Carl B. Burnham, Charles Coleman. Jack D. Hoffman, Reno H.
Hutchinson, Paul Selby. E. B. Marsh. William W. Mein, Charles II. Smoot, Wlllard Q.
Parsons. W. B. Bakewell, R. T. Fisher/Charles McConaughy, H. 11. Nock, F. C. Dore
mus. N. W. Hush, T. N. Bell, Earl McBoyle, N. L. Brown.
Phi Delta Theta— McDonald Spencer. A. J. Remtnel. J. R. Moulthrop, Rea Hanna,
J. M. Taft. Homer A. Boushey P. V Buebee F. J. Stilson. A. R. Faull. W. K.
Crawford. II. P. etansbury, H. A. Klueeel, B. W. Reed, E. P. Gardiner. Harold It,
Paddock, John Reid Jr.. E. C. Anthony, S. V. Walton, D. IX McLaren.
Chi Psi— Frank W. Phelps, Ivan de Lashmutt, George A. Sharman, J. Harry Cooper,
Ralph A. Fenton, Fred Parker Morey.
Sigma Alpha Epsllon— Vance O. Osmont, James C Sperry, George Wllhelm. John A.
Reid. W. E. Sauer. Richard E. Hyde, Robert Belcher, Arthur Nahl. William R. Chllds,
J. B. Southard. Elwood Woodburn Ralph L.. Phelps, Frank E. Ely. R. W. Ritchie. For
est B. Caldwell. B. T. McLaren, Charles B. Jones, L. D. Hyde, Jay C. Nurse.
Delta Tau Delta— Conrad Lorlng, N. Bailey, M. L. McCollough. P. Dolman. »E. W.
Oliver. P. W. Hall. W. C. Hunter. R. II. Curtiss. Alex Colt. B. A. Hammond. H. S.
Bonifield. C. C. Crystal, E. M. Rector. R. S. Springer, R. P- Wheelock, Alfred S.
Holmes, Frederick Adam Spengler. John Neri Carrigan, Clarence Carrigan.
Phi Kappa Psi— Joseph V. de Laveaga, H. 1L Seele. James J. Kline, George H. Mas-,
ters, S. G. Masters, Carl Schilling. Thomaa H. Emerson, Edward Thomas Ford, Hugh
L. Love, H. T. Moor*, Grover C. Nable Charles S. Davidson.
Pel Kappa Put— F. A. Gowning, H. Ed Hendricks, A. J. Howell. S. J. Smith, C. H.
Wood.
Delta Upstlon— N. H. Garrison, Benjaml n F. Driver, Robert Collins. R. W. Simonds, E.
O. Kuster, C. H. Parker. Ray Howell, H. C. Bradley. R- L. Oliver, E. L. Oliver. H. M.
Moran. William B. Greeley, Frank G. Goodenow F. E. Cooley, H. H. Harvey, C. R.
Parker, J. R. Pfnkham, W. A. Powell. C. H. Tracy. J. M. Kendall, E. M. Garrison, J.
A. Brewer. J. A. Moriarty. Ralph. L. Langworthy, E. H. Brooks, C. F. Stern.
Delta Kappa Epsilon— Eugene E. Hewlett, William K. White, Arthur W. GoodMlo-vr,
George A. Harker, William B. Bchaw, Stanley Moore, Henry C. Melone. Frank G.
Noyes, Laurence L. Greene, Hugh Goodfellow, Ed Frances Bishop, R. D. Merrill, Bos
worth Sawyer. Hewitt Davenport. Frank E. Bishop, Frank M. liallard, Lloyd A. Womble,
Logan B. Chandler, Harold H. Braly, John J. Valentine. F. M. Evans. C. H. Hudson.
Charles E. Hume. L. W. Symmes, T. W. Hasklns.
,^»r.»«»- an^astl'mn .«-..«-,..-. .«-,.«.-...-.. ml . an ~ •-> »->^«?^ •*^»3 J *.9?^. >?^»5^.«3
"FRAT" SOCIETIES
KEEP OPEN HOUSE
Hamlin and Ramage had gene out this
morning to attend a family who were 111
in the canyon. While returning to Hay
wards the horses were crossing a nar
row plank bridge, unguarded by any rail
ing. One of the horses shied and stepped
into a hole. This threw the horse down
and carried the other horse over. The
buggy swerved and was tipped off the in
secure planking before the driver, who
was Ramage, could save himself. Down
the team and its occupants plunged Into
the stream below. Then It was a fight
to extricate themselves from the kicking
horses, who had demolished what was
left of the buggy.
That the accident was not fatal ap
peared almost miraculous. The occupants
of the vehicle were pitched headlong into
the stream below and were tangled up
among the horses and the wreckage of
the buggy. Ramage is a very heavy man
and his escape from death was even more
marvelous than that of his companion.
They managed to scramble out on the
bank of the creek and save one of the
horses, but the other was so badly en
tangled in the harness and debris that
It could not be hauled out.
A double team of horses driven to a
buggy In which were Dr. O. D. Hamlin of
this city and Town Marshal W. J. Ram
age of Haywards plunged off a bridge In
Millera Canyon, four miles out of town,
this morning, falling twenty feet into the
creek below. The creek was running ten
feet of water. One horse was drowned,
the other so badly injured that it will be
useless for work, the buggy was wrecked
and Marshal Ramage barely escaped with
his life, suffering a broken collar-bone,
eprained ankle and bad bruises. Dr.
Hamlin was bruised, but saved himself
from fractured limbs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 10.
Swollen Creek and Injured in
the Entangling Wreck-
Dr. 0. D. Hamlin and Mar
, shal Ramage Narrowly
Escape Death.
Swept With a Double Team Into a
PLUNGE TWENTY
FEET FROM AN
UNSAFE BRIDGE
The farmer was completely at pea to
occour.t for the burning. No one had been
J:: thfl warehouse and there was absolutely
xio clew to relieve the mind of the rancher.
wfco felt the loss keenly.
The discovery of the! culprit was acci
dentally made this morning by Briekel.
Ile^ wai» busy among his stock and was
called away to attend to some chores la
another barn. As ho walked into the big
?table he saw a form moving In one of the
mangers. Hastening into the stall to as
t¦« Main what was there the father found
his youthful BOtt in the act of setting lirt
to a bundle of hay he- had carefully
visprd and made ready for a blaze in the
lii^r.grer. The bay had u bunch of matches
a:;d wa« evidently enjoying the pport.
Urickel manajred 10 stop the youngster in
t:n:e to ?avc a •eoond brimful of hay and
#::ain from suing up in smoke. The boy
confessed th;<t h« was responsible for the
<3-.strurt;o:i of the other harn. The pa
r< ::ts Cftnnot account for the peculiar ac
tions of tluir boy. Th»y have decided to
p\s.c* him in the hands" of physicians to
«,• tertr.iue whether ho is a pyrumaniac.
The boy !s briprht nnd intelligent, but ap
l<an« to hav^ suddtnly developed a
etranr* mania for Betting fires. Efforts
will be made to restrain him. and a close
watch is ;o b.- kept upon the little rtre
la:gr until iil.x rondi'ion e;«n \te discovered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. May 10.
The mystery surrounding the burning of
e 'arjre hay warehouse on the ranch of J.
Jirickel at Castro Valley has been cleared
by the discovery that the well known
farmer has an eisht-year-old son who is
an incendiary. It w;.s this youthful fire
bug's act err Tuesday nipht that caused
the destruction of $«00 worth of hay and a
line building. Horse* and cows eiabled
r>> ar the burning structure were saved
v;:h great dilflcultv.
Tather Traces the Destruction of One
of His Large Hay Warehouses
to His Mischievous Young
Offspring.
Son of Castro Valley Ranch
er Develops a Mania
for Arson.
EIGHT-YEAR-OLD
FIREBUG CAUGHT
BURNING A BARN
the building of a new town hall for
Emeryville. The Realty Syndicate, which
owns considerable property In the town,
has agreed to donate a suitable site.
ternoon is ns» follows:
Praise and devotions, led by Rev. Will
lam H. Fulton of Alameda; addr^s9. "The
Juniors." Mrs. Nannie M. Arnold of
Berkeley; hymn; address. "Training for
Service." Rev. Dwight E. Potter of Oak
land; solo. Mrs. R. C. Brooks of East Oak
land; address. "Our Conquering Cove
nant." Alfred \V. Hare of the Pacific The-
Ologlcal Seminary; hymn; committee con
ferences from 5:."0 to 5:30; prayer meeting
committee, led by Rev. Paul M. Spencer;
lookout committee, led by Mrs. J. A. Cam
eron; social committee, led by Edwin
Bothwell: missionary committee. Tenth
Lepion and Floating Work, led by Miss
Edna B. Kinard; pood citizenship commit
tee. Ix>rd"s day observance and temper
ance work, led by P. M. Fisher; Junior
committee, led by Ira Fanford.
Rev. C. M. Hill will preside at the bas
ket lunch. wh»n reports from chairmen
of committee conferences will be heard.
The evening session will be opened, by
Rev. M. Halsey of Berkeley. The Stock
ton convention transportation committee,
Messrs. Lyon, Waters and Rodgers. will
present its announcements. The offer
tory solo will be eung by Miss Jessie
Barftow. The address on the evening
theme will be delivered by Rev. William
A. Scudder, recently from Tacoma.
Wash. Rev. R. C. Brooks of East Oak
land will conduct the consecration ser
vice.
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 10.
The quarterly convention of the Alame
da County Christian Endeavor Union will
be held to-morrow at Market-street Con
gregational Church. The llrst session will
open at 4 o'clock and the second at 7:30
o'clock p. m. The general theme of the
convention is "Christian Endeavor Use
fulness."
During the afternoon the discussion will
be directed to forces that have been and
are instrumental in the use of the soci
ety. During'the evening session speakers
will present their views upon dangers
which menace the future of the society.
Finai arrangements will l>e made for the
delegation to en to the Stockton State
convention. The programme for the af-
cerning the Trip to the Annual
Gathering of the State
Unions.
Members Will Be Given Details Con-
Topics to Be Considered at
the County Quarterly
Convention.
ENDEAVORED TO
DESCUSS USE OF
THEIR SOCIETY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1.900.
Metcalf to Leave Soon.
OAKLAND. May 10.— Congressman Vic
tor Metcalf expects to leave this city for
Washington, D. C, on Saturday morning.
When the bank paid Its taxes a protest
was filed that the suit might be properly
brought against the Assessor as soon as
the second installment of taxes had been
liquidated. According to the valuation
placed upon the bank properties by
Garthwalte the taxes would have
amounted to $2006 26. but the taxes paid
upon the assessment by Dalton were
S1M95 22. Judgment is asked for the differ
ence between these amounts. County As
sessor Dalton holds that the bonds held
by banks are assessable and the courts
will be Invited* to adjudicate the contest.
In making his return to the Assessor
last year Cashier Garthwalte of the bank
omitted these Hems, which were subse
quently placed upon the roll by the As
sessor. The bank's contention Is that this
was an illegal act. and that It Is enti
tled to the return of all money paid for
taxes on any property placed on the roll
by the arbitrary action of Assessor.
The Oakland Bank of Saving3 has
brought suit against Alameda County to
recover J742S taxes paid upon bonds and
franchises assessed to It last year. The
action will be a test of the County As
sessor's right to make an assessment ar
bitrarily when a statement of property
has been filed with him. The question is
also involved If the $3s>4,000 worth of bonda
held by the bank are assessable, as well
as $3000 in franchises and J5000 placed aa
safe deposit and vault values.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111.S Broadway. May 10.
Protested Against the Assessor's Ac
tion in Going Behind Affidavit
as to Holdings of the
Corporation.
Sues to Recover Tax
Payments.
Oakland Bank of Savings
WILL TEST THE
ASSESSMENT ON
BONDS IN BANKS
I
ISABELLE UNDERWOOD.
THE first appearance here of Miss Isa
belle Underwood will be on next
Monday evening at the Grand
Opera-house when she will be seen
In "The I.ady Slavey." Her opportuni
ties have hitherto been confined to the
rendition of solo?, but even this proved
her to be the possessor of a rich and
highly cultivated contralto voice.
Miss Underwood belongs to one of the
most celebrated and historical families in
the East. Her grandfather wus Governor
Ol the State of Delaware. She received
her education In Chicago, and in one of
the most exacting. competitions- ever held
in the Conservatory in that city carried
off the diamond studded medal. She was
a prominent society belle in the Windy
City.
Miss Underwood was at one time the
principal contralto soloist in St. James*
Catholic Cathedral in Chicago, where the
fame of her singing attracted attention of
George Fair, the well-known impresario,
who engaged her for leading contralto
roles in his company. Sho is not only a
brilliant vocalist, but a graceful and fas
cinating actress. Her debut here is des
tined to be a fashionable event on ac
count of her family connections and
friends in this city. Her uncle is C. W.
Hinchcllffe, assistant manager of the
Sunset Telephone Company.
9
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Proadway
•h. wharf, San Francisco:
UTOx*k_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
RfsSfev May U> " ! ' n ' 2f!> J1> J ' in '' V
i*^5Sy^^ Change to company's stpam-
itlX E ri e^i Pr * at Seattle.
P*^«4$ For Victoria. Vanmuv»r en.
ffifr^*-r^* : ll **-'¦ P°rt TownstT'l. ?fatt!i».
f^*^ffiKfS3Et Tacoma, Everett. Anaeortcs
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. May 11. 1«. 21, 2«. St.
June 5. and every fifth day thereafter: chan**
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. X. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 19 a. m.. May
13, 18, 23. 2S. June 2, and every fifth day there-
after.
For £ama Crui. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
uco#. Port Harford «San Luis Oblspo). Gavtnta.
Panta Harbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East 3an Pedro (Lo« Ar.Rele*) and Newport—
«> a. m.. May 11. IS, 19. 23, 27. 31, June 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San I'lego. stopping only at Port Harfnrd
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Pnrt Los
Angeles ami Re<tonrto (Los AnjrHps)— 11 a. m..
May 13. 17. 21. K. 23. June 2. and every fourtli
day thereafter.
For Ens€na<1a. Ma*dal<*na Bay, Pan Jn«e del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. May 8. and
7th of each month thereafter.
For Turther information obtain company**
folders. *"',?¦'
The company reserves the rlirht t» cnane;<»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of salllns
wlthovt previous nntlr*.
T1CKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montjromery
strwt (Palace HoteO.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. O*n. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
CAOC $'2 First CIas» Including Berth
I AilC $8 Second Clas* and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS ...........
May 13, 23, June 2
COLUMBIA SAILS May R 28. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Hutte.
Helena and all points In tho Northwest.
Through ticket* tf all point" East.
E. C. WARD. General Ajeent.
C30 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TOSX. SOGTHAXFTON. LCNDOH. PAUS.
Stoppinsr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul May 16 St. Paul June •
Pt Louis May 23 St. Louis June li
New Tor* May 30 New York Jun« 20
RED STA?? LINS.
ftvl YorK and Antwar-».
From New York, every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Southward May IS! Noordland June «
Westernland ....May Zl Friesland June 13
Kensington May 30! Southwark June 20
Ltf.PiRd LINE.
S. S. Ohio sails from Steuart-st. wharf, San
Francisco, for Nome, on May 13. !:S0 p. m.
From Seattle May 24. All pasnengrr acro«^-
mori.-.tlons now taken, but limited frrlttht spac«
Is still available. Subsequent satllnes from
Seattle June 30. July 31. August 30. Fur rates
and other Information apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its ajrenta.
—
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.— •BOSOT.VT.V, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. May 30. 1900. 2 P. M.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. May 18, 8 P. M.
1.0. SPK&CKEL.S& SH0S.CO., Ayts.. .•? mentuomen
Pitr 7. Foot Pacific St Freiphf Cfflcf . ?27 Market St
KOSWO$llNtgfyg*;ElSi
- * - 833API3 .40OO Toaa
31 on •* / lalltnc for Valparaiso and Hamburg ,
via K«*loaa porn. Central, South America, «tc |
I 3. 3. CCTJLVU SAILS iBOCT VAT 12.
i. D BFKXCXILS * Bans. CO- » t f.«u. HI Xaat«aa«ry StJ
BAY AND BI VEB STEAMESS.
FOR U. S. NAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Mo ntice llo."
MOX.. Tuei.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:43
a. m.; 8:13. »:SO p. m. <es. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 ik. m. and 1:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m.. i
P. m. Landlmr and ofSce Misslon-stra«t Doc'.t.
Pier No. S. Telerbone Main 1SOS.
FARE 50c
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D, LANE"
(2700 tons burden)
F. WARREN. Master.
-roR-
B I 1 1 li %& I W I La SOB
Via Seattle, on or about
MAY 18, 1900.
The passengers' accommodations have been
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. The tables will be
supplied with the best the market produces,
and will be unsurpassed by any vessel In the
Nome trade.
Will Have Experienced Ice Pi'ots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will insure a prompt landing; at their
destination.
For passage, freight, cold storage or lnforma-
J. J. HAVISIDE, 22 Market, Re 6.
Or to Purser on board.
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
Will Dispatch From
SAN FRANCISCO Direct for
KOME
The Well-Known ALASKA FLTER,
S. S. HUMBOLDT,
failing WEDNESDAY- -May 30.
*=. S. ZEALAND1A,
Second sailing (approx.) Jur*» 25th
Through service for Dawson and all Yukon
River points.
For passage and freight rates apply
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,
General dies, 139 post street.
TOYO KEEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HO.N'GKO.VO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of galllnr.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. May 19th. 1900
SS. HONGKON'O MARU
Thursday. June 14th. 1900
S3. NIPPON MARU... .Tuesday. July 10th. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tlcketa at reduced rates. For
freiKht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
;-:¦•/-_¦--, W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMFAGNIS CENER ALE TRaWSATLAHTIIJUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
PalllnR every Thur»lay instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1SUJ. nt ¦^r'VfiA
10 s. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOONK, May 17: L/AQUI-
TAINE. May 24;' LA TOURAINE. May 31; LA
BRETAGNE. June 7. First class to Havre,
$S0 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre ftJ; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AOENCT
FOR UNITED STATE9 AND CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, ; Saa Francisco.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DRF.ua I NO PUMPS
1/DArU Were successful at Nome last
' l\l\Ul7ll year. All others failed. In opera-
•i^;?--< tlon dally. 9 Stevenson »t.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally, 623 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
ASSAYING.
LKAr.N to pan. amalgamate, etc.. In 10 days.
120. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market tU
DREDGING PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Cape Nome,
are you? Better buy one: Just the pump for
Kravel; has interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT & CO.. cor. Fremont and Natoma.
DREDOIVO PUiWPS.
Oil Gasoline. Bteam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumps.
EnRlnes&BolIer*. HendyMach.Wkn.,40 Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
hij?h or low lifts. Simonds. 33 Market nt.
E>OINES.
In stock, steam, gas. gasoline; full line: mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn.. 20 Fremont.
GOL - ' SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Oold Separator and Amalgamator In
daily operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 133 lat.
OOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Oold Bavlnu Machine. 229 Fol-
som street. • Oriental Gas Knslne Company.
GOLD-SAVING MACHINE
In operation dally at Mining Fair, Central
Park. Office 137 Beale st.
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion sluice saves gotA: competi-
tion Invited 1798 15th St.. corner Guerrero.
~ PANKS ALASKA ROCKER.
RocklnR pumps the water: self-clearing riffle*
motion continuous. S Natoma, nr. Fremont.
PLATE^ FO 1 ? SAVINO GOLn.
Schae2leln & Burrldge, 3 Manila place, oft
Kearny, between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W, BELL. Central Platlnic Works. S32 Ml*-
«lon at.. 8. F. Phone Jessie 301.
SILVER-PLATRD M1NINO PLATES.
GET them at Dennlston's San Francisco Plat-
lnff Works, 65J Mission st.
TANKS.
TANKS — Pacific Tank Co.. manufacturers. 35
Beale St.. S. F.. 348 E. id St.. Los Angelga.
NOME MININO SCHOOL.
Learn to know gold and «av« It, to handle
amalgamating plates, etc. Central Park.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO ,&¦££¦*.
TYPEWRITERS.
Bllckensderfer, especially adapted, durable, por-
table. . reliable, practical: HO. 117 Butter.
WHISKY.
nilVTCO DVC CHRISTY * WISE Commer-
lllliWCK nIC- cial Co.. 827-329 Sansoma St.
: GROCERIES * ND PROVISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.'. 570 Howard.
308 Kourtn, 1302 Polk and 1U1 Stockton. S. F.
:;:-':• liquors.
U7HICFEV BLATZ BEER, Bethesda Water.
Tf nljAEI CAHEN A SON. 418 Sacramento st.
.PORTABLE HOUSES. .1
BtlRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO., Washington
*nd lat st*.,. Oakland, or Builders' Ex., 8. F.
S^^^^^^^ The Watchdog for the Gold fields, I
jV Bbidzk fHfl li bit6S When [t barks ' Ir wiI1 P rotect y° ur claim
Winchester
%BL/$j£\ Ammunition
Always reliable . sold everywhere, Send name and
*?^§^^^^ftW^ adc * ress ° n a postal card for 160-page illustrated
4p€*ilftei||fci "K Winchester Repeating Arms Co., J
'^^^'^gLI L 418 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. J|l|THE SAN JbKAJS CISCO CALL./ ifliUJAY, S MAY 11, 190U.
10
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francl-co
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clcck every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 127 Montgomery street,
eoraer Clay; epen until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:20 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 8:50 p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet; open until 9:80 p. m.
JM1 Mission street; open until 19 p. m.
_X1 Market .tract, cercer Sixteenth; ©pen vm>-
ta s r. m.
106 Eleventh ttreet; open until t p. nv
-OC* Valencia street; open until S p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-.t-cond and Ken-
tucky Etr*-<»ts; open unUl S p. m. ----. i ¦-¦
MEETING XOTICES.
C_L IFOKNIA Comtnondery No. 1, j_
K. T.— * Poet st Regular assembly <«__*
THIS EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Drill |*T
Corps election of officers at S:SO. ffw
All tra.'.ars courteously ir.vlted. By V
order of the £__. Cc>man_er,
HJIiAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
IERBA BCENA Lo_pe of Perf«c- *W*
tlon No. 1— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) A
EVENING at i> o'clock. D. 13. _flC\-
GIX>. J. BODE. Secretary. <_£*-_•
OCCIDENTAL Lodce :,'o. „. F. and A. *
21.— THIS (FIUI)AV) EVENING atA,
?:20 o'c!<>ck. Flibt _ejjree. liy ordrr\jT5f
of the W. M. f^7\
WALTER Q. ANDERSON. Secretary.
.APOLLO t*y&st No. 3:3, L O. O. -»*£#»£_¦£. *
!'.— '¦'. '•.:.:¦ y~ of the Grand Jxrin o
and uther B are cordially Invited to
fettend Apollo Lodge mectir.fr in -"V/iiw
Memorial Ha'.l on FRIDAY NIGHT. May U.
The flrst degree will be conferred by APOLLO
JJEGIIE— TEAM. All member* of the lodge
«_"e special;}" re$_e£te_ to l>e present.
VT. A. LIMBAUGH. N. O.
W. F. NORCROES. Secretary.
2.ORSI- Lodge No. tZTTlTo. 6. F.- iS____%
Tfce officers and members cf this ; v2^35_
lodge ar» hereby notified ti> i_s»m- JsgS&BSip
. b'.e at the ball en FRIDAY, May *"¦«*
11, tt 1 p. m. to cttrnd th» funeral of our
late brother. F. SCHL'MANX. By order.
G_O. SHERMAN. N. CL
C. BR_ST>. Rec. Sec. '
6T. ANDREWS SOCI CTY— Thirty- » Cf $.
seventh annual picnic will take 3% Cey/2
tlace ut F-irxax Park, near San "S^-tJirt
' IU.fael. on BATTJROAX. " May 12. "*a_^»
. Sioate iea-ve Sauftalito ferry ct 7. fc:20. 11 a. m.
¦ and 1:<6 p. m..; rct_rn!ns trains leave Fairfax
_t «:_¦ _nd S:_5. Tickets, 50c; children, 25c; to
ke had from mon:bcrr.
WILLIAM r.ALN'AVES. President
A. R. PATTKUSOX. Secret— ry.
iST. ANDREW'S Society— Ancual pic- v C7 >.
r.lc will be held ct Fairfax Park, O|lj
Rear Pan Raia^l on SATURDAY. "_kX_6
Mtr 22. ISM. Hound trln tickets.
iuc; children, 25c; to be had from members.
WILLIAM BALSAVES President
A. R. PATTERSON'. Secretary.
ACEVTS WAVTED.
•^CP_IUEXCED building and loan agrents.
Ho'-rn not'. Claus eprc-ckels bu'.l.'.ng.
ASTROLOGY.
lTJOV. A. MAPERY of Eeypt greatest astrol-
cpift an. palmist in the world; satisfaction
jruaranteeii. 15 Powell et
ATTORM2YS AT LAW.
:_kX>VTC_ free: divorce law a «pecialtr: private;
en fee without M_Q_— ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, ctt'j- at law, ic.it Market, cor. Stockton.
;J-DVIOE ?n=e; nr. charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. iC7 _lark*>t ?t., opp. Mason.
1^ BL CLAIHC Emma Ppreckels M_g\. ?-7 Mar-
ket st-J pctsu lta lion free: no feee in advance.
ZIATII CABIXET — HOT AIIl. VAPOttJ
Z&OBQCSON ?;. «-i«n(>l folding 1 : doer opens: firm
and __g. \v. s. BHOffN. it^n. ajrt.. *:e BUttv. j
_t__GlA\~lIAIl_S.
CLAI___-ONT BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION.
TVe have rerured FAPHODA PRINCE (Imp.),
son cf Champion Fa*hoda, lee 515; aleo
HOTA- ROCHDALE, eon at Rochdale, fee
JIft. Does chipped us by express fcr service
v.'ill receive careful attention.
High-class does, bred and _nbre_: does with \
Utter- ..¦ : youngsters of _*et etraine; all
classes of animals at — a_cr.abie prices.
W. B. THOMAS. 461C Telegraph ave., cpp.
Tec.etcal power house, O?J_land.
TO 1 »«Uers— We _re prepareij to furnish you I
with a_l prad»!i of iunm_;;=. both lznnorted and ¦
domestic. e.t jtu*6 that will b« sa.. -factory, i
In ad.it.on to our present large collection
v-v have 30 tn1na.1i due on the 10th inst.. di-
rect Jrom Knclind. j
Call at oni» and secure the choice onee.
CALIFORNIA BKlVilAX HAKE ASSOCIA-
TION. A i_m»»_a. Cal.: tel. Grand 1S5L.
' _IIE largest and best-equipped rabbitry north |
cf Los Anffeles; import*'. Belgian hare»;
wholesale and retail; 'ashionab'e Jtralns cj
lir.pcrted bucks and does always on hand; •
rsuree does; a full line of rabbitry Buppll«_.
COLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARK CO..
fii-Cll Ool<l«n Gate a\e.. S. F.; tel. South
C5L IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor.
JHOBOCGHBRKD BelrUn dbn, bred to Royal
Sovereign. $10 to J_0; to Emperor of Norfolk.
$-0 to ISO; to Ajax {highest -scoring buck in
America t. $30 to $00: jcungstfrc. all strains 6 j
¦weekE. Jr E0; 3<- weeks, $3 10; S months. $5 an. I
. $7 Id. Kenwood RiNrttry, E&> 14th _t. Oakland, i
BOSS Rabbilrr. -S13 Howe «... Oakland— Thor-
oughbr*>-i IVigian hares, bret-dlns does: young-
sters for sal- fn.m the following (-trains; Yu-
J:cn. Lor-3 Rochoale. Klondike Xusb« and
Ked f?ov.-ri»:en; British King at service; vis- j
Hers TV Iroir.c; take llountain View cars. '<
RKUFi KYT R A UlilTIiy— Choice Sir t-'tv'les, Yu- i
ken. Jianbury. Klondike Nwrgc-t. Red Kover. |
2>uke nf Auc— _uo_ nnd oth«-r»; fine does, ready I
to litter; <-r.-i< k young bucks. Seventh and
Clay us.. Oaklanil
FOR fs>— Pert!ptv-f>d rv!£ian h:ire.«; from Sa
upward. MARKET-ET. RAHRITRY W. C.
BENTHAM. I'roprietor, 1%?2 Market Bt.
KBZnGOKK— Ftr>.~k— All popular strain?; Lord
Fashoda. Chief iinip.» and other Kran. sires at
ctud. Eureka Rsbbltry. 161€A Turk; vis. wel. j
TREMOXT BELGIAN I HABB?CO4ia_i> mi-
ruon? «.. Ban FVaacSaoo, Cal. Send € cents
in wtaxjum for bo..k on care and feeding.
STH— Kncirial riabbltrj-. Haslctt _ Bew. vrrt '.
Or-nd et.. AItrn-<la.; corr<fspond. solicited.
! — ¦
BICYCLES — For Sale or _xch__ce.
STEW Cleveland bicycle*: hotter than ever; XST
LKAVTTT & HILL, _09 Larkin Ft.
GREAT b_.rpaSri_ in second-hand bicycles; from !
$5 up; s»nd for list. L~AVITT & BILL, 809 '
Larkin st., fan Krar.'-lFco.
ucoks — anew axd o_du
SCHOOL, HOVKS t-cusht £r~_
Hoin?. V.nr\, m . m« MHtifii Et. nrar Th'.rd.
MOOT AND *I!OK IIARO.VINM.
BARGAINS-, bLOtes* an. chil_rtr7_^h^r^ru_u
roerf' E-rr.rifs mf_. coat. Kohlbecher. lta 4th. 1
DLSIXESS CHANCES.
X— 51100— COFFEE saloon; established many i
year* and doing a tir:st-c!_f_ paying business; 1
rent JKO; chokwt !oc*tlen; only two blucks '
north of Chronicle bidfr; psxticulare. R. O ¦
WILKE. $06 Murket iX ' !
Jl. — $Si0; corner branch bakery and grocery, with
4 living rooms, on Geary st. : low rent end
good pa yins r business; a. rare chance. Call j
Ji. G. \VI_i-J_. 906 Market et, '
A— 1<-0; SAIXXJX. with living rooms; estab. !
_._:.> years and cood paying place; on Sixth
«t.; low rent. Cali R. U. WILKE, SOS Markft.
A— S550; DELICACY and candy store; choicest
location on Mission Et.; rent JTS; living rooms;
<!_ily receipts J-C: i-lace murt be eold «t once; j
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE. >
20C Market tt.
A— tsix»— CHOPUOUSE nnd restaurant; estab-
lished 20 years; rent J25; opp. H. R. depot;
_ epiendid chance and a. cood paying busl- :
nee-. Call K. G. WILKE. t-06 Market -t.
A— $*5t>: CORNER saloon. 1 block from Market
and Stockton fits.; net rent t.3; a eood-payin.
«_d rid-^etablished business. Particulars R.
<;. WILKC. t'06 Market et. I
A— J4M0; BK*-T located ealoon on Market Et.;
with 7 club and ladies' rooms and Ene !
KTO-r.d6: plac* is known over the U. S. and
Europe and .olng a lance. rro_t_b!e business. ;
.'articular* R. G. WILKE. 806 Market et.
A— KS00— BAKEHY on leading business utreet; !
Western Addition: rent $65; t homes, wagon; [
2 new ovens; baking SMi barrels per day; eick-
ne-s cause ol eale. Bee R. Q. WILKE. J>0«
Market tt. i
A— J2000— CO1-CER grocery and bar. with four
living rocnie; rent JI0; 2 years' lease; the best i
corner on _1— sicn et. ; place doing a. « > -J
paying c_ °h business: full value in eight.
Ceil K. O. WILKE, !>u« Market Bt.
CIGAR erore; heart city; worth JCOO lor $350;
c-use. do-th. COWING — CO.. 713 Market st.
A CORNER downtown saloon: bert south of
Market; snap. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
I15RANCH bakery and ca-idy store; living rms.;
cheap rent. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market eL
CIGAR store on Market St.; bargain. COWING
— CO.. 71S M— rket St. -
DEL1CACT store; fine location; cheap rent;
with rooms. COWING & CO., 718 Market et.
CLEAR land to exchange for rooming-house
or grocery. COWING & CO.. 71* Market et.
LIVERY and boarding stable- clearing $150
month; sickness. COWING — CO.. 719 Market.
A— GROCERY and delicacy -tore; full 6tock;
big bargain. COWING fc CO.. 713 Market eU
A— ROOMING-HOUSE north Market: 3» rooms;
CtJ"— - <___u, COWIXQ A cq^^7-t_Market. ,
: : _: HELP WANTED MA_E.
WANTED— Stableman for ranch. $30 per month
and board; experienced man to bottle wine for
large wine Co., in city; working foreman on
ranch ncur city; choreman for private place.
$25; blacksmith for country shop. $40 to $4a
and found; milker and wife. $40; milkers,
near city, $30 and $25: man to fill grain
sacks on large ranch, $1 60 per day and bo_rd;
kitchen hand for Institution, near city, 1-0
and found: cook, waiter for nice coun-
try restaurant. $30 and board, and others:
choreboy about private place, near city, $15
per month and found. W. D. EWER _ CO.,
610 Clay st
STRONG boy for paint store; must live with
parents; references required. Address box
2140. Call office.
WANTED— A grocery clerk; references re-
quired; must understand handling of horses.
Apply 458 Sixth st
BARBERS— Wanted S good barbers. 797 Mis-
sion st. '
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
132 Paclflo st
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. W Third st
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday at 1322
Powell st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday: wages.
105 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
S3S Valencia st
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; steady.
629 Union st
GOOD barber Frtlay afternoon and Saturday.
623 Clay st
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 808 Mission st
MAN wanted around boarding-house; one who
can wait 2013 Folsom Bt.
WANTED— A cook. 135 East St.
COOK wanted. 613 Clay st
WANTED— Good chief cook; must have refer-
ence. Addresa box 2144. Call offlce.
WANTED— Painter; 7 al m. 785 Folsom st
WANTED— Steady young man for night dlsh-
washer. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— A young boy to learn the cigar
trade. 621 Sansome st
WANTED— Third-hand bread baker. 838 Third
street.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 17 Washington st
BUSHELMAN and presser at the California
Clothing Renovatory. 118 Geary st
BOATBUILDERS and engineer. 613 Third st,
San Francisco.
WANTED— 1 steady and 1 lunch waiter at a
, Jackson st.
BOY wanted. Union-square Market, stalls 1
and 3.
WANTED— A traveling salesman with flrst-
class references to take side line on commis-
sion; no camples and easy seller. Address
box 00, Call Office.
YOUNG man stenographer, must operate Smith
Premier typewriter. L. _ M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery at
GREEN HANDS and sailors for nice voyage;
no experience. HERMAN. 26 Steuart st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6£2 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d. sts.
BOYS wanted at San Francisco and Pacific
Glass Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
STRONG boy wanted for pressing. 713 Market
street
BOY with men's furnishings experience or to-
learn. 611 Montgomery. 2 to 4. -¦. -V> v
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; steady; single
man preferred. 323 Devlsadero st
GOOD operator on vests to open a ehop. Call
766 Geary st., between 7 and 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half -soled while watting; 15c
to 50c. EC2 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED — Men and women to learn barber
trade; only two months required. GORDON
Barber College. 417 N. Main at., Los Angeles.
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry store; must work
nights; state references. Box 2101, Call offlce.
BOY to learn printing; $3 per week. Apply
519 Filbert Et.
COATMAKER wanted on custom coats; good
pay; steady work. 633 Natoma st.
$150— 4-CHAIR barber shop; a trial given. Ap-
ply 1542 Market st
MAN to open oysters and make himself gener-
ally useful around the kitchen. Cafe Zlnk-
and, 927 Market Et.
WANTED— Valet: Edward Langer preferred
Address WM. I. PIXLEY, corner O'Farrell
and Powell sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 6 feet
4 inches and not over « feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cat. or
530 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. €33
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 .Third gt. : 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barberlng and hairdresslng at S.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBEIJ* lawyer: IS
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ***~r.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Ho— ard —
Rooms ISc to 25c p»r night: 75c to $2 per week.
BOY 14 to 16; make himself generally useful
in factory- W3 Market st., room S3.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. -200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rabecrlptlons has been established at 109C Va-
lencia «t
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, baggtes.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1(21
and 1625 Market st. bet Twelfth and Brady;
also come fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Slxty-sbc head of mules, 4 and 5
years old. Address WM. McG ANN, Merced.
Cal.
FOR sale — Fine doctor's team; « and 7 years
old. DALZIEL, vet. dent, 60S Golden Gate av.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market st : Castro-st. cars pass the daor.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
10 ROOMS: finished attic: 2 baths; furnace;
fine Pacific Heights home: complete; $$- to
right Darties. Box .102, Call offlce.
TO let — House of 8 rooms and bath; in flrst-
class condition. 1427 Post st. near Octavia.
$16— HOUSE. B rooms; stable for 8 horses. 42
Julla st. cor. of Minna.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717—8 rooms each, and bath.
modern, sunny; convenient; rent reduced.
LOST A\D FOUND.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; diamond In center:
monograrn M. J. S.; thin, gold chain. Liberal
reward. 113 Taylor at
LOST— B*iwn Irish water spaniel. Return to
2US Howard 8t. and receive reward.
LOST— April 6. large Maltese cat; name Toby.
Reward $10 return to 706*4 Valencia st
LOST — Gold pin; monogram D. C, with crossed
oars. ICS'i Stevenson st; reward.
LOST— A Call collection book. Return to Call
offlce: reward. :
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; sale and
reliable cure $5; have treated thousands of
cases with success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. lC07Vi Market st
DR. G. > W. O* DONNELL. th« world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Writ, or call at
1023^. Market St.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market; ladles' spe-
cialist; treatment at office. $5; consultation
free; hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 137.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1233 Market: ladles*
physician: chronic diseases treated; late
scientific methods; treatment. U>.
DR. P. FRANK, ladles 1 physician: call on
physician with man's knowledge. 101. Lagun*.
VI- VI— DR. "WISE * CO., the ladies" spectal-
Uts, Ul$ Market st; $3 up.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
! A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants/ 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
[ 4.1 Post -t.; telephone Bush 185.
! ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Eutter; tel. Black 6072.
' SAM KEE. BIS Bush— Best Chinese help fur-
nlshed promptly; tel. Bush 194. ..
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce:
¦ beat help turn.; tel. John 2121. 806V. Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office--
Beat help. 417 Powell at. telephone Clay 88.
1-A11*_O Y_l_.vr .WAKTUU— FEMALE.
MOTHER and danghter, both very neat, good
cooks and understand all about household du-
ties and care of children: best of references;
city or country. E6 Halght st.. near Market
A RESPECTABLE and willing woman wants
work of any kind by the day, $1 and car fare.
Apply 78 2rd st. ¦: ¦
YOUNG Swedish girt wishes place for general
housework In small American family; under-
stands little English. Address 158 Lexington
avenue. ..
YOUNG colored woman would like a place;
fine laundress; second work and plain oook-
lng. Please address Box 2137. Call office.
A WOMAN wants laundry work and chamber
work and waiting: city. Address 20 Reed st.
off Washington, between Leavenworth and
Jones. . .-r ; -Vv ¦'¦ ¦
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes a
position as housekeeper or to take charge of
house for parties going away; no triflers. Ad-
dress box 4592. Call Office.
COMPETENT reliable American woman wishes
housework; city or country; wages $20 to $26.
114 Fourth st ' -
COLORED lady wishes employment by week
or housework of any kind. Box 2146. Call.
GERMAN girl wishes position aa cook or gen-
eral housework; city or country. Box 2142, Call.
RESPECTABLE young woman with a child
wishes to do housework or chamberwork ; Is
willing to help waiting at table. Call at 613
BuEh st.
NEAT Japanese girl wants a situation to do
housework and plain cooking. CHRISTIAN
WOMAN'S HOME, 1427 Pino st
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, by day
75c and car fare. 318 Third Bt. In store.
WANTED— By a refined German lady, a posi-
tion as attendant to an invalid or convales-
cent lady; understands massage; reference.
Address A. T., 2409, Sacramento st
COMPETENT, refined woman wishes to make
herself useful where kitchen help Is kept; re-
muneration expected. Box 2103, Call offlce.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wants position as
housekeeper for family of adults; desires a
good home; small wages. MRS. ANNA
MERRYWEATHER, Station K. city.
AN elderly 'woman wishes a situation aa house-
keeper; good reference. 508 Franklin st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ' '
EMl'LOYMEST WANTED — MALE.
COACHMAN, gardener, useful, sober, reliable
middle-aged man, single, desires situation:
understands lawn, flowers, milking, generally
useful around place; references. Address P.
L., box 2141. Call.
COOK with good experience In coffee house
and saloon wishes a position; Is flrst-class
cook; German. Address or cali, FRANK, 223
Natoma st
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, want situa-
tions In hotel, boarding house, club or camp.
Apply or address S. E., 1-5 Turk st
POSITION as companion to gentleman, appli-
cant 31, epeaks little Spanish and French;
salary nominal;. Englishman of excellent
character. Box 2133, Call offlce.
A YOUNG Frenchman would like to have em-
ployment of any kind with American people,
where he will have the opportunity of learn-
ing the English language; wages no object
Address M. LEGER, 639% California st.
ELDERLY single gentleman deelres any em-
ployment in exchange for room and board or
Its equivalent Address Box 2123. Call offlce.
PRIVATE secretary; position wanted with lady
or gentleman; references given. Address box
2771, Call offlce. Oakland.
A SOBER, reliable man wants any kind of em-
ployment: epeaks French and English; can
do housework. A. R., 914 Sixteenth Bt, rear,
Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
EXCIIA.XGE.
PHAETON wanted: low step, suitable for an
elderly gentleman; will offer In exchange
$150 new business buggy In flrst-class condi-
tion. Address A. J. R., Call office.
STORE and flat; right In town: installment:
mortgage $2500; equity worth $2500 for vacant
lot; cash or arrangement. Box 445, Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
Gl£o1uGl-~MA^rElu^^^
1071V. Market st. — Examinations free; German
eye water by mail. 60c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
ATTRACTIVE, sunny flats, 4 and 5 room*, bathj
rent moderate; Hanover pi., off Sacramento,
above Powell. Apply at 42 Montgomery st
FELL. 624 — mats of 3 rooms and bath. $13;
also flats, 4 rooms, no bath. $9.
IK you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery.
S MODERN fiats; 6 and 7 rooms: yard; base-
raent; rent moderate. 1931. 1986, 1937 O'Farrell.
SUNNY upper flat, 6 rooms; modern conveni-
ences; rent reasonable. 1S91 O'Farrell st.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms, bath. Off Howard st..
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth.
BUNNY flat; 6 rooms and bath; all modern lm-
provementa; large yard. 2812B Howard st
VALENCIA, _0e-Flat, 6 large rooms, bath;
sunny yard; cheap to right parties.
7-ROOM flat"; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows; all
modern Improvements. 417H Third st
FURMTUHE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $18 50 with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
CARPETS; rugs; art square. 9x12; No. 7 stove;
8 bureaus; 3-burner gas stove. S34 Hayes st
FOR Bale— The furniture of 4 rooms, complete
for housekeeping. 711t& Filbert st
FUK^ITUItE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 113a Market st.; telephone Jessie 781.
A I_ FI \?? I l W °LLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
w *-., E ( f ODY <Iate wlth J - T - Terr y & c °> »>"y
furniture, carpetB. 757 Mission : tel. Red 3353.
_ IlELP WANTED-FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN f^TZ^TZ^h^^G^tl^
?••••-• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Stockton, $20; 8 waitresses, city,
$20 and $2a; 2 waitresses, Sacramento. $25; 6
waitresses, nrst-clasa summer resorts, $20- 2
chambermaids, to wait, city; $20; . 4 5 fancy
lroners, $S0 and found and $2 day; restaurant
waitresses, $6 and $7
-••¦• ••••FAMILY ORDERS............
House girls— Palo Alto, $18; Oakdale. $20; Sao-
ramento County, $20; choice place for house
f Jm 1 , °, n ,™ ncn - Martinez. $20; Belvedere, $25;
Mill- Valley, $20; house girl and assist with
children, no washing. $16, • small American
family: second girl who understands sewing.
Alameda, $20, and long list of orders for city
too numerous to mention. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st .
RANCH? cook; see party here between 10 and
11- Friday; wages $30. C. R. HANSEN _
CO.. 104 Geary st. ¦ - -. . . .-. ..-..
A— 6 WAITRESSES: hotel; city; $20 and fd.
MOTHER and daughter; gen. housework;
country; $30. - . : ;
10 GIRLS: housewk.; country, city; $20 to $25.
2 DRESSMAKERS : work by day.
1 NURSE GIRL; country: $20. •
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market
COOK, Institution, $40; 2 waitresses, same
place, $25 each; Ehort ; distance; second girl,
Oakland, $23; 2 second girls, city, $25 and $20;
cook, $30; housegirl, $20. MRS. NORTON. 313
:. Sutter at .*,-3$&Mg{3HH MHMlM9__Rl89BHNMi
WANTED — Reliable young woman to take care
of 2 children; references required. Apply 2522
; Octavia St., - corner of Vallejo, : In ! forenoon.
WANTED— Nurse girl; must , sleep " at : home;
'care child 2 years. Call * Monday, between 9
and 12 o'clock. St Nicholas.; room 569. . ¦¦¦:-. y-.
A - WOMAN wanted I to "t assist In light . house-
. work; good home and fair pay for right party.
;Call after 12 o'clock. 116 Taylor Bt.
GIRL for T general housework In ; Mill Valley.
A*ply;6_:O'PT_rreU sc . v .'. v :\ . ;,,::' ;-:.¦."-;;;,?,
XICSIX-SS CHAXCES — CONTINUED.
I... ........ A. STENBERG CO ...............
PHONE FOLSOM 1J43
TO SELLERS
Hare buyer* on hand ready to invest: also all
kinds of legitimate propositions for buyers....
FEW OF OUR BARGAINS
f SCO—Branch bakery with tunny rms.; Mission
ICO— Clsar stand on Market st; receipts $15
{430— Cor. grocery and bar; owner there 7 yrs
Restaurant, Third st. : part cash; payments
A. STENBERG CO.. SS6 Market gt
A«-$10on; HANDSOMELY furnished dining-room
In f_rge hotel on leading business street; aver-
age receipts $Jt) <?ay: cost $1500 to fit up; owner
going to Nome. STENBERG CO.. S35 Market.
A— J400— LAUNDRY route clearing $80 a month;
• good horse and wagon; full Investigation and
trial solicited before buying; splendid oppor-
tunity for good man. STENBERG CO.. 935
Market et. /
AN excellent bunlnees opportunity to secure at
a tremendous sacrifice a splendid cash paying
corner grocery, bar and bakery combined,
with E neatly furnished family llvlne-rooms
attached; also In addition to the above an
adjoining house of 8 attractively furnished
rooms; always rented to permanent people;
total rent of all only $40 per month; all fur-
niture and fixtures new and good; owner sick
and must leave for a different climate; full
Investigation accorded: details on Interview.
M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
A TWO-CHAIR barber shop; finely furnished;
J living rooms: rent $S; good business loca-
tion : genuine bargain. M. A. BROOKS, 12
Golden Gate ave. *
5310— BRANCH bakery, stationery and candy
Ftore; bargain. McLAUQHLLN _ CO., 777%
Market st
$1100— GROCERY store near the city; bargain;
other burlness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
A CO . 77"& Market st.
$125 — CORNER saloon: bargain; departure cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777Vi Market
fi;-0 — PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business;
will pay over fGO per month yearly. Mc-
LAUGHLIN _ CO.. 7"'^ Market gt
A— $110; PARTNER wanted in ca«h business;
established 14 years; guaranteed to clear $75
per month to each; half cash, balance out of
profits of business. 1016 Market st, room 10.
A — fJTO — PARTNER wanted: must be steady,
reliable man, eatlened with $18 to $20 a week;
no night or Sunday work; trial given before
buying. Apply at 8 Geary et, room 2.
WANTED— A good livery and feed stable In
San Francisco: rent of building must be rea-
sonable and stable must Fhow good value for
money asked. Addrefs during next two days
Livery Stable, box 2145, Call offlce.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoeing ehop; estab-
lished 15 years; central location. Address
box 21Zi. Call.
$800— GROCERY and bar, suitable for man and
wife; poed location; reason for selling, party
going East Appiy 1084 Howard st
DRUG clerk, licentiate; elx years* experience!
city or country. Addresa Box 2138, Call.
$2r.0&— BARG. _N ; worth JHCOO; account going to
Nome; a leading restaurant on Market 6t;
first class trade. Apply Call office.
BARBERS — Good, paying 25c ehop In country
town; map. DECKELMAN BROS. 106 Ellis.
PLUMBING ihop, stock and shop tools; In
Etwd location. Box 45S2, Call.
i ANY one Intending to make Berkeley his
home for the purpose of educating his fam-
ily and at the same time receive an Income of
$2000 per year In an old established and re-
spectable business would do well to address
MAXWELL, P. O. box 2, Lorln. Capital re-
quired for the business about $2500 cash or,
to include the property. J40C0 additional, part
of which would be exchanged for other good
property. N. B.— Principals only.
\ FOR pale— As I leave shortly for the mines. I
wish to dispose of my well-established, paying
loan office; a chance to secure the best invest-
ment of its kind ever offered In this city; cap-
Hal required $3<>W to J'.'KX); fullest Investiga-
tion EOlicited. Mint Loan Offlce. 14 Fifth Bt.
DO you want good paying dairy depot, clear-
Ing more than $2 per day? some delivery; on
account of departure; no reasonable offer
refused. Address J., box 1S31, Call offlce.
PAF.TY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper Fhcp; also eteel range; doing good
business: e*ts"MI_hed 14 years. 411H Callfor-
Pla gt.. EUGENE KOBIXET.
DRUG store for tale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug rtcre In a good mining town; cash trade.
Cali at 739 OTarrell et.. city.
5^000 — FOR sale — Junction House, east of Hay-
Ts-ard«. For particulars apply at SIEBE
BROS. A PLAGEMANN. 332 Sansome st, S.
F., or T. C. Armstrong, real estate agent,
Haywards.
BARBER shop; 3 chairs; latest etyle; for sale
at a bargain; with 2 living-rooms In rear;
or will sell fixtures, etc., without chairs;
party ccing East. 1131^ Howard et.
CIGAR store frr sale for $225 If Bold before Sat-
urday, May 12; good paying and cheap rent
j Imuire at -S East et.
GOOD bakery for F-aJe In country town. Box
2772, Call offlce, Oakland.
A RESTAURANT; bargain; good business. 239
Eighth ft. ; call between 9 and 11 a. m.
J3i» — HOTEL, and bar In good town; good run-
ning order. Inquire "222 Mission Bt.
RESTAURANT for Bale. Apply 119 Drumm Et;
no agents.
LOCKSMITH chop: established 15 years; good
location for good mechanic; cheap rent
SZAMK. 444 Valencia Bt.
ALL first-class upholstery done cheap by the
.1ob. day or month. S. JENSEN. 811 Bush st
FOR sale— Paloon in wholesale district. Inquire
WICHMANN. LUTOEXS & CO.. SIS Clay st
BAKERY store, 1101 Howard St.; 4 rooms; large
j oven and tools to let low; location excellent
I FOR eaJe— $300; old-established watch repair-
ing and Jewelry Etore. Box 414, Call office.
I $300 CASH — Paying business; rent free; -tore
and bar. £65 Eleventh Bt.
STATIONERY store; good location; clean, new
ttock. Box 1S20. Call offlce.
GOOD route on this paper In Western Addition.
Apply at this office. . -•-.-;
' COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
i W. CASWELL & CO.. 41. Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st
' A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
leccla tt. -/:- ¦
IAHNilXG-IIOL'M.S FOR SAL— .
I 10-ROOM houee on Eddy, near Mason; only
| $400. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt
; 10-ROOM transient house; new furniture; on
Mason, near Eddy; price $600. DECKER, 1020
Market -t
D6-ROOM house; 24 rooms furnished! rent $80(
price $450. DECKER, 1020 Market st
10 ROOjIS; on Jones; clears $S3 $400
10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission 450
! 10-room house; new furniture 200
I 12-room house; on Post Bt 400
100 rooms; rent $30: clears $200 1600
I IK rooms on Third st 250
] SO-room corner; 2 entrances, half cash.... 2000
g-room flat; new; elegant... 600
I hs rooms; on one floor; near Call offlce... 650
' 27 rooms; on Howard st.; only $300 cash... 400
£5 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200 $00
j 10 rooms; on Mason st : payments 450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
j H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
j A BIG, new house, new furniture, full,
• clearlnr $200 mo.; half cash; easy terms. .$lG00
' 18 rooms; central: rent $40; clears $50 550
| 9 rooms; 2 blk*. N. Mkt : rent $49; O. K.. 300
S6 rooms on Mkt.; oak furniture; bargain. 14C0
¦ 19 rooms; cor. on Post; good money-maker. 1100
I ? rrns.; full; rent $28; clean; time on part 3riO
35 rooms; nr. Mkt; low rent; good bus... 650
£7 rooms; full; 23 boarders; bon ton 1600
22 rooms; central: rent $65; money-maker. 700
12 rooms; rent $50; 6 uteady boarders I 600
100 more! I will lend you part on any house
MARION GRIFFIN, 71S Market, nr. Call big.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market -t
16 rooms; rent $50; near Stockton st $400
21 rooms; comer; must sell; offer wanted.
28 rooms; rent $60; Stockton Bt 800
D5 rooms; part cash; only .........1600
Many other good bargains.
A-$500 $500
105 ROOMS
MUST PELL TO-DAY.
WINSTON - CO.. 1026 Market «t
$1200—58 room; all rented; good location; near
Market; cent.; rent $75 month. Baslle, 8 Eddy.
jm— IIOCSE of 16 room-; rents $27 B0; good lo-
cation. C19'/4 Mission st
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
FOR eale— Cheap; three-seated half cabriolet:
will hold 6 or 6 persons. Apply bet 3 and 6
o'clock at 1-7 Mission >t. WE-IPE BROS,
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW _ ..-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister Bt, r. 35; admission 10a
MRS. MARY EVANS" circle to-day. 2 and 8 p.
m., 10c; also Sat. eve.; read, dally. 142 6th st
MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium; 8A Sixth st;
few days only ; cut this i out.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clairvovant. test, business
medium, life reader; sitting, $L. 1104 Market.
MRS. LESTER BAILEY, circle this evening,
10c; readings dally. 1204 Fillmore st.
GO to WATSON, the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist ;25c. 16S1 Market, nr. 12th.
MRS. WEST, trance, test medlnm and magnetic
treatments. 1206 Market -t. rooms U-16. -
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
offlce, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post »t, bet Hyde and Larkin.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken; terrrs
reasonable. 828 Castro st, near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
ment at offlce. $5; consultation fra«. 1123
Market st. between Mason and Taylor.
DR- N'G TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sant-
tarium.704 Sacramento. cor.Kearny;advlcefrea.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife; private home
In confinement for ladles. 510 Eddy st
DR JAMES PIERCE, 104 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment. $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gata -ut».
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
MEDICATED BATHS.
ANTDIOSI3 Baths c_r« rheumatism, mem*
and all nervous troubles: ladles' department
remove- to "The Bellevue." Van Ness av«.,
opp. St. Ignatius, room 22. front; no »l?~s.
Address for booklet. DR. CON ANT. 47 Post
METAPUVSICS.
GRADUATE of National School Menta!. Ma*-
netlc healing. Dr. Las»well,14 McAllister.r.24.
MISCELLANEOUS^ FOR SAl— .
BOILERS, engines. 2d-h_a_ machinery. Mo-
INTOSH - WOLP— A.V. 135-197 Fremont sfc.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear macUlnery, _«
glnea, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture ana
fix tares; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abov*
Sixth: write for catalogue.
FOR sale— t fresh young cow*. Arply — >T
Hearst ave.. Sunnyslde.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $3 M.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale — About 40 or 50 gallons good country
milk. Country Dairy. S07 Sixth st. Oakland.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD - BRECK. 131 Post st
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 fall
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. $3 20; noth-
ing on case to indicate contents; twice th»
price could buy no better; malt orders solic-
ited. F. EPHRAIM _ CO.. 13 Montgomery.
ON— »xtr_ fine quality, double, 1 outer and 1
Inner 2 compartments, flre and burglar proof
bank vault; made In sections for convenience
In shipping and for settln? up; will sell at »
bargain for cash. Box 1SS0. Call offlo.
BARBER fixtures and furniture: 2-c_alr outfit
complete: must be sold at once *t a sacruto*.
Inquire room 614. Call bids.
AUTOMATIC Willcox & Glbbs sewing machli— ;
good order: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission »t.
near Fifteenth. ________________
EDISON concert phonograph. prtc» rwdaced to
$100; concert records, $3 60. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Franclaco.
< SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand. In good
condition, for sale. 877 Shotwell st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and. Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. -30 Kearny st. nr. Pine,
ONE 3 H. P. 220 volt motor: standard make; al-
most new; cheap. WHITE. 516 Mission st
CASH re_isters of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1S27 Market bet. 9th and 10th.
$2.5— SLOOP yacht; length 33 feet, beam 14; 3
rooms; in good condition. Inquire at 415
Twenty-eighth st.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
C—OTH1NG PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dltlon; complete; cheap^ 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
1 PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron an_ wood
planers; lathes; Id-hand. J. Burke. 139 Bealg.
A NEW Standard TyDewrlter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and gold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S33 Market at.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar Droof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4_: Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. I0O-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
sir compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addresa In _e>
United States, postpaid, fnr $1 per ~»wr.
MISCE-LAXEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Heavy fruit wagon; state tnica and
where It can be seen. Address box 21_8, Call.
WANTED— Two double team new or second-
hand wagons, about 3 tons capacity. Addresa
A. H.. bo_ 2131. Call office.
WANTED — Second-hand uprijrht piano tor
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market gt.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per c«nt; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advarces on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER A CO.. 28 Montgomery.
AT 128 Kearny st. room 3. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, d_mc__s: lowest
rate*; take elevator. Telephone Davl. 985.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; o,u!c_:
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rjoms
83 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
LOANS made on furniture at IVi per cent: _!»o
loans to salaried people. HAKSHBAH-EK.
-22 Ellis Bt. room 34.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people: without security: all bust-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 3-1 Parr ott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people oa note without
lndorser. MOHRELL, 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, piano*, without removal : no
commission; private. LICK. 115 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
g F. discount Agency 143 Ph»lan building.
MESICAL INSTRUMENTS.
XThoic_1^st~oFsn'aps. ~~
Small upright; rosewood $35
Arlon: rosewood — 10O
Weber; rosewood 150
Klngsbury: mahogany _„
Sterling; ebonl.ed 200
Sterling: walnut _2S
Sterling; large oak „ 245
Vose: walnut J50
Finest condition: warranted: -very easy pay-
ments; pianos rented $3 up: tuning and cart-
age reasonable. BENJ. CURTA- & SON,
1S-1S-20 O'Farrell st, Curtaz butldina;, Chlolc-
erlng Agency.
AS we represent the best make of plano« la
every grade, from Stein way down to low '-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: oew upright pianos. $8 cash. $6 Der
month: other p'.anoa $3. $4 and $5 per mont_
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. 8teinw_y DesJerT
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. Sao FraneUca"-
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland. *
4 BIO BARGAINS FOR " — — — —
4 DAYS ONLY.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO
7— Market st
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lar_»st h~n*»
JL e «_nd C 30 C O ? F_r\^° HLER * CHASE'!!
and prices: terms e_»y; prices lowest- «wn
thing pc._bl_ don. t/pfi^__r___cT2_
customer.
1 ; 5 - m OR wm secy - » -**»
Market .t. °° m * a ° W " MA^ v --*3'. Is »
DEC b5t * aox or Pac kard - tf Tou "-* t! -
Decker _ Son or Packard beat all the rest.
MAUVAIS'. 7- Market st
A _^J :j _ t » TIF i trL> St * ll »w_- upright, forced sale.
e "r4" _ tor ¥fV?F 1 - h «> p: Thos. Ball
SPIRITUALISM.
i?__NTio^ T ! N 7rrrrrrr.""TT7^7r^Mov_Di
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From ths Cradls
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed,
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Rorealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and nerv-
ous affections. The wonderful cures which she
has made ara the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to sea this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mail is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
Is kept sacredly coonfldential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
ave.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry «~»d get
oft at Clinton station, second station from
Broadway.
MRS. HARRISON, medium, 43 Sixth St.— Read-
lngs dally; satisfaction guaranteed; circle
Wednesday, 2 p. m.. 10c; readings, 60c and $_
MEDA HOSKINS, spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and Ilth; clr. Mon., 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLAr£ ::;
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life; while
entranced sh« reveals every hidden mystery;
ehe will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies, remove family troubles, restore lost af-
fections, unite the separated, recover lost or
stolen property; locates minerals: tells your
entire life while in a perfect trance; satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk st, near Jones;
hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE.the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody ;open
Sundays. 1167 Market Bt., bet 7th and 8th.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. 823
Mission, nr. Fourth, room 3; 25o up; ring bell.
LIFE readings with cards. 25c and 50c; palm-
istry $1. 1382 Market, r. 27, 6pp. O. F.'s bldg.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader;German spoken. 921% Mission. op.Mint.
MME. KKREDA of 6 Seventh st, original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c; no sign.
MMB. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and !
palmistry; 25c; truth or no pay. 1349 Mission.
M?.f_. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 212V4 Sixth at " '
MME RAVENNA reads Ilfo fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth Bt
MME. BYBrLLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st
I CA^PE XOME.
CLALM 11 on Buster Creek, near Coopar &
Lane's claim: size 214 by 600; title perfect.
Apply to CAPTAIN NELSON, room 33, Grand
Hotel.
GRUB etake wanted by young man who has
had practical experience In both placer and
quartz mining; references. Cape Nome, box
2124. Call ofnee.
CAPE Nome gold-saving machine; greatest In-
vention of the age; weight 90 lbs. 413 Second st
GROCERIES, provisions, tents packed, shipped
free. SBARBORO & CO.. C21 Montgomery st
CAIll'ET HEATING AM) CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDIN'G'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing ¦works, 353 — 357 T,ehama St.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister st; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 210 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H."
STEVENS, mpr., 38-40 Sth st ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIVS Carpet-ben ting Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 118.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO L1CT.
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath. 2942 Fol-
Eom st.
NICE cottage. 6 rooms and bath, cheap to good
tenant. S103 Clay st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGIN'S' dental parlors, 927
Market st, over Cafe Zinkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the beet and most artistic dental
work nt reasonable, prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other flllings from 50e; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated ami filled or.
crepwned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays,
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
ppecialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 GO; all work
painless and warranted.. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth Bt.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 609 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 E0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st, ex-
traets and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexibl. plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL Bet of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, 60c; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
Ne— York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Ilth— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
| old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75o, with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy nt.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext, crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
TOUN'O, 1S41 Polk Et
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CRETvLEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills; by all .rug-gists or at the dog hospital,
610 Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Poet. Fillmore—-
Advice and medicine 76c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'S Is the place- to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post et.
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 287 Geary st.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat.
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor AMofTatt
EDUCATIONAL. •
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr. expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business Colleg*. 24 Post st, S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages,' telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc; new 80-page . catalogue free.
AYRES', the leading business college; 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
scholarship, $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123S Market ¦ st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.;
the coming school; thorough; up to date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. eur-
A'ey. assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-"
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher.
beet ByEtem." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Slnz, 86 Geary,. r. 34.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERK1,
1C08 Mission; annual concert May 16,' 421 Post.
-OOKKEEPINO practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. - Tarr. Expert Acct. Flood bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo.' 1024 Mission.' nr.'; 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents.' The Weekly Call,
16 pares, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HE_P_ WANTED- FEMALE. : . .:
WANTED— Invalids nurse and maid. $2o"
country; 2 German nurses, $25. city and short
distance; 2 infant's nurses. $20; 4 second girls,
J20. $25;- Scandinavian second girl. $25; Ger-
man cook, $30; 2 cooks, short distance, $80; 3
restaurant cooks, $25; boarding house cooks,
$25; laundress. $25. resort; hotel waitresses,
city and summer resorts, $20, $25; chamber-
maids and waitresses, $15. $20 and $25. city and
country hotels; restaurant waitresses, $6, $7
s. week; colored maid, $30; 100 house girls,
W0. ¦ *25. city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. .16 Sutter st.
"WANTED — Mother and daughter or two
friends, $30, nlco place In the country, for
housework. J. p. CROSETT & CO.. 318 But-
ter Bt.
WANTED— Neat American woman who can
make flrst-class biscuits and do such work
'°r a restaurant; wages $25 and board. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter at.
GIRL for general housework and. cooking;
wages $20 to $23. 1220 Potrero avo.
GERMAN girl to help do housework. 2223
Bush st.
APPRENTICE for halrdresslns; and monlcur-
lng. 6 Eddy st.. room 48.
WOMAN to do washing one day evsry wsek.
1 Scott st.
WANTED— « waitresses. International Hotel.
824 Kearny st. .
GIRL 14 years for dressmaking; paid whlls
learning. 625 Golden Gate ave.
WAITRESS wanted. Panama Restaurant.
272 Brannan St.; no Sunday work.
GIRL for housework and light washing; small
family adults; wages $15. 315 Bcott st.
LADY with pleasant home wishes child to
board; terms reasonable. 807H Filbert st.
GIRL. 16 years old, take care of 2 children and
assist; good home; $6 month. 1930 Stockton.
TO UNO. girl for general housework; cottage;
good wages. 1705 Baker st.
DRESSMAKER wanted. 120^ Hays St.
REFINED girl to take care of child 6 years
old. Call between 9 and 12 at 2203 Buchanan.
GIRL for general housework. Apply at 1414
Post st., bet Gough and Octavia, after 9
o'clock.
WANTED— Girls and young women; light work
•in laundry. Apply bet. 9 and 10 this morn-
lng. 1519 Eddy at.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8tf Antonio St.,
bet.'ElllB and O'Farrell. off Jones.
TOUNG girl to take care 2 children and assist.
1120 Florida St.. Mission.
WANTED Immediately, flrst-class walst-trlm-
mera. Apply COX. 33. O'Farrell st.
NEAT housekeeper; wages $15 month; San
Rafael. Box 2134. Call.
LADY for office who wishes to learn bookkeep-
ing, shorthand, etc.; also seamstress and gov-
erness. Apply 20C7 Flllmore St., a, m. only.
WANTED— Decided, persevering woman, with
knowiege of business methods, to travel. Box
210«. Call offlce.
WANTED— Finisher and eklrtmaker. Apply
rooms 96-97 Murphy building, 123G Market st.
A. SIMINOFF.
WANTED — Toungr girl to help with housework;
wages $8. 1340 Greenwich St., cor. Laguna.
WOMAN to wash and Iron; hand laundry;
steady work. 119 Corbett ave., nr. Douglass st.
OPERATORS and finlehers on gents' dress
shirts; steady work. Uogereon's. S35 Valencia.
GIRLS V GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32% Fremont.
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; hairdresslnc taught in 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 625
Clay st.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market. <
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2.00 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st. ? -
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. Phone Main BS4S
Lending Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Blacksmith, sawmill company. ..$60 and found
2 boys, some experience In painting, $5 to $7
week; 12 blacksmiths. Including camps, shop.,
ranches, etc., also helpers. $60. $40. $33 and
$2 50 and $2 a day
6 drillers and hammersmen.....*. $2 day
Wheelwrights and, woodworkers, city and
country; machine blacksmith, $3 60 day; car-
riage trimmer; boys to work In machine shop;
also boys for factory and to learn trades.
FREE FARE for S. P. R. R. WORK
CO laborers and teamsters, $1 75 and $2 day.
MINERS GOLD. SILVER and
OTHER MINES
15 single-hand and machine miners. $75 and fd
10 gold miners. Placer Co... $75
Furnace men $52 and $60
32 laborers, no experience required.. $60 and fd
50 muckers, $75 and $60
Top carman for the mines $o2 50
175 laborers, crty and country, II 75 and $2
day; 250 teamsters, city and all parts of Cal.,
$1 7B and $2 day and $30 and $35 and found; 10
laborers. Alameda Co.. 25c fare. ...$35 and fd
10 two and four horse teamsters, free fare.
see boss here ".
FARMS, DAIRIES, ORCHARDS, STABLES.
Buggy washer, $55; 8 stablemen, city and
country, $50, $40, $35 and $25 and found; 150
farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $25 to $35
and found; milkers, city and country, $30 and
$35; butter makers, choremen, etc.; gardener;
25 haymakers, $1 25 day; working foreman for
ranch, $30 and found....
15 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb and
work among vines, -hoe, etc., $17 E0 and found,
80c fare
Choreman and wife, {55 and found, fare paid,
see bocs here
Farmers and wives for Sonoma, . Santa Clara
and Contra Costa counties ...$15 and $35
Sheepherders, chore boys
WE PAY YOUR FARES TO SAWMILLS
AND WOODS...
25 common laborers, no experience required,
$26 to $40 and found; also lumber pliers, bark
peelers, $40 and found ; and every class of
skilled labor for sawmills and woods
For other positions too numerous to advertise
come down and read bill boards
..MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638 Clay st.
A— FOREMAN baker, city .hop, $60 and found;
18 cooks, city and different country places,
$35 to $60 and found; 10 waiters, city and
country restaurants, hotels, etc., $25 and $30
and found; butcher wagon driver and tend,
shop, f25; lroners. city and country laundries;
dishwashers, etc........
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S .104 Geary st
Wanted— 600 men for railroad work, teamsters,
laborers and rockmen: $2 day; free fare.
SO railroad laborers for company work, 12 day,
board, - $4 50 a week, free fare; 10 men to
build fences, railroad work, $2 a day, free
fare; 20 muckers, (2 and $2 50 a day; 10
miners, $2 SO a day; 20 laborers and team-
sters, city, $1 25 a day; 6 hammermen, $2 day:
20 woodsmen and laborers. $23 to $S5 and
board; 20 farmers, $25 to $30 and board; paint-
er, country hotel. ¦ $30 and found; milkers,
choremen and others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— BROILER, country hotel, $50; vegetable
cook, country hotel, $40; broiler, restaurant,
$55; 6 cooks, $40 and $45; 10 waiters, $25 to $50;
20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20 to $30;
dishwashers, $30 and kitchen hand, $30, for
, mountain resort. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
A— BARKEEPER who can play violin, for
springs ; 530 and found. C. R. HANSEN tic
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 cooks, city. $11 week. $9 week, $33
month; second cook, $40, $30; ranch cook, $15;
waiter, $35, $30, $25 month ; barkeeper and
play violin, for springs. $30; vegetable man.
$25; dishwashers, $7. $6, $5 week, $25, $20
month; potwasher, $20, $30 month; elevator
boy, references, hotel, $20 and found; other
hotel and restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT,
628 Sacramento St. ¦¦¦-•--
GARDENER, $30 and found; farmer and -wife,
Napa County. $40 to $50: 2 men and wives,
v private families. $40 and $50; 8 blacksmiths,
pood wages; miners, muckers and carmen;
slop-brick molder, $3 day and board, fare ad-
vanced: Ironer and polisher, $50; 2 sheepherd-
. ers, $25 and ' found : bark peelers, woods and
mill, men of all kinds: farmers, milkers and
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 6™ Sac-
ramento Bt. i
A— 5 JAPANESE cooks; $20, $23. found.
2 JAPANESE boys; learn cooking; $10, found.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB, 827 Market St.
A— 2 RANCH cooks; $30; found; fare paid.
3 GOOD waiters; $8 to $10; board.
MAN ¦ and wife, boarding-house ; cook, dish-
-washer; $50 and found. ¦ - v ;
• 4 FARM hands; $20 to $30: found.
4 NEAT boys; $3 to $7 per week.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB, 927 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive 'Union— Free employ-
1 ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— 8 advertising canvassers, salary and
commission. 2130 Shattuck ave., room 23,
Berkeley. ¦ bet. 8 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Steady man with $75; can make $15
per week above expenses; light work; perma-
; nent place. 1016 Market at., room 10.
WANTED— Good waiter to to In the country
V: Call ' at 422 Third st.'
WANTED— 2 reliable, good shoemakers on seo-
; ond-hand work. 749 Mission st. ;
GOOD, reliable boy wanted. Call 7 a. m.. 11
Drumm st.; to-day.
SOBER, : experienced ¦ bedmaker; ¦wages $20 «vnd
iv room. . Apply : 664Vi Howard «t, 8 _ ,m.'
BOY-, to learn < plumbing, .f with «_perlence pre-
ferred. Call . early, 808 Folsom st.
WANTED— Good waiter at 133 East st.AJUUVED.
Thursday, Hay 10.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. 4H days from
Graj-s Harbor.
Scbr S Oanielson, Craxsgla, 10 days from Blus
law River.
Schr Impossible, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Tug Rescue, Thompson. 65 hours from San
Pedro, with barge Santa Paula In tow.
Barge Santa Paula, Nielsen. 55 hours from
San Pedro, In tow of tw* Rescue.
Schr Winchester, Soderhalm, 1» day* from
Unxa.
SAILED.
Thursday, May 10.
Btmr Noyo,- Fosen. Fort Bragg.
• DOMESTIC PORTS.
ROCKPORT— Arrived May 10— Stmr Scotia,
hence May 9.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived May S— Schr
North Bend, hence April 20; schr Fannie Adele,
from San Dieeo.
Sailed May »— Schr C A Thayer, for Suva.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 10— Bark
Palmyra, from Honolulu; schr Lottie Bennett,
from Guaymas; schr Allen A, from Honolulu:
schr Alice, from San Pedro; schr Luis, hence
May 2.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 10— Scbr Ida.
Schnauer. hence April 27.
SEATTLE— Arrived May »— Stmr Wigwam,
hence May 5. May 10— Schr Una, hence April 2S.
Arrived May 10— Sbls Spartan, hence May 3.
TILLAMOOK-Saihed May 10— Stmr Tilla
mook, for San Francisco.
UMPQU A— Arrived May ft— Bchr Lily, bence
MENDOCINO— Sailed May 10— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
TACOMA-Arrlved May 10— Ship Columbia,
hence May 2; schr Mary E Rusa, hence April 28.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived April 2i— Brig
Pitcalrn, hence March 12.
STEWARTS POINT- Arrived May 19— Schr
Archlti and Fontie, hence May 9.
; PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 9— Stmr
Mineola, from Nanalmo; stmr Alcazar, from
Greenwood. May 10 — Stmr Alcatraz. from — .
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 10— Schr
Excelsior, from Newport (S); scbr Louis, hence
May 2.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 10— Br stmr Bloem
fontein, for Honolulu.
EUREKA— Sailed May 10— Stmr Pomora, for
San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrired May 10— Bktn Glean
er, hence April 18.
NEWPORT (S)— Balled May 10— Stmr Des
patch, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 10— Stmr Signal, fm
Brattle: stmr Columbia, hence May S; Br bark
East African, from Honolulu.
Arrived May 10 — Bktn Echo, from Honolulu.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 6— Bktn Gardiner
City, hence April 27.
Sailed May 10— Stmr Del Norte, for Eureka
and Sr.n Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived May 10— Schr
Newark, hence May 9; stmr Navarro. bence
May 9; schr Corinthian, hence May 7; schr
Mary Etta, hence May 9.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 10— Stmr Bcotla.
hence May 3.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Sailed May *-Br stmr Ataka,
for Manila.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 9— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
Sailed May 9 — Stmr Alamo, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 8— Stmr Peru, for
Panama. — •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 2*— Br shlD Klrk
hlll, from Fraser River.
FA LMOUTH— Sailed May 10— Ger shlD Nere
lde, for . May 9— Br ship East Indian, for
Hull.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to May 19— Br
stmr Carmarthenshire, from San Diego.
DUBLIN— Arrived May 10— Fr bark Cam
bronne. hence Dec 10.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed May 10— Br ship
Montgomeryshire, for Dublin.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed— Br ship Hldde
kel. for San Francisco.
COLON— Sailed May 9— Stmr Finance, for
New York.
HAMBURG — In DOrt April 23 — Ger bark
Frieda Mahn, from Puget Sound, via Callao.
SYDNEY— Arrived May 5— Ship Shenandoah,
hence March 16.
LONDON— Sailed May »— Br shia Springburn,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 10— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, for Hamburg, via
Cherbonjc. N .
QUSCNSTOWN— Arrived May 10— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Liverpool.
Sailvd May 10— Stmr Teutonic, from Liver
pool, for New York; stmr Waeeland, from
Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
LONDON— Arrived May 10— Stmr Marquette,
from New York.
Sailed May 10— Stmr Minneapolis, for New
York.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to May 10— Stmr
Cartmarthenshire, from San Dleg-o, via Yoko
kama; stmr China, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu and Yokohama.
GLASGOW— Arrived May 10— Stmr Corean,
from Philadelphia; stmr Sardinia, from Bos-
CHERBOURG— Arrived May 10— Stnar Fuerst
Bismarck, for New York, via Plymouth, from
NEW YORK— Arrived May 10— 6tmr Manltou.
from London; stmr Lahn. from Bremen.
Sailed May 10— Stmr > Frtederich der Grosse.
for Bremen, via Southampton; stmr La Cham
pagne, for Havre: stmr Kainer Friederich, for
Hamburg. vloXPlymouth and Cherbourg. •
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 10-Stmr Ptaten
dam, from New York, via Plymouth and Bou-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Bight.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
* : ..GRAND HOTEI-.
w Maher, Merced
D Thorn. Cal
C E Glldden. Sissons
E A Howard. Oakland
J McDonogb. Jr. Cal
J Mathena, Sacto
E Whlpple, Decoto
J D Blddle, Hanford
i* J Hennessy, Napa
» Ir * E VKnox. Portld
O H Abbott & w, N II
Mrs. M M Abbott. N H
M" J> F Welch. Wash
Mrs FE Page. Wash
Mrs Oosley, Riverside
F A Rohler, Sacto
S EWrenn. Portland
JJ Eastln. Austin
W D Tillotson. Redding
C J Lynch. Seattle
W Pike. Fresno
G H Post. Fresno
W H Grahan. Redding
E C Sisson. Syracuse
Mrs M C Redden, N Y
D G Overall, Visalla
F W Screible & f , Pet
N Blackstock, Ventura
C D Galvin Sacto
J R James. Vacavllle
O K Miller, Snta Rosa
A R Gallaway, Hldsbg
R W Miller, Sta Roea
0 Butler, Los Gatos
J C Ruddlck, Uklah
S White. Los Angeles
G W Furnlss. Boston
C H Williams. Ferndje
C E Horton. Reno
J T Grace, Santa Roea
W S Moore, Laa Palms
G J Harrell. Merced
H Sheldon & w. Suisun
C K Small & w. Oak
J T Smith. Sacto
L McKenzle, Denver
H T Bracher. Wests id»
J A Livingston, S Rosa
Mrs Taylor, Cal
L T Warren. Auburn
Mrs J T Hanck. Cfcico
Mrs J E Rodley. Chlco
M Blxby, Salt Lake
T H Of end. Salt Lake
1 Rogers. Cal
O Herbst. Chicago
W Slocum, Kelseyville
D Allen, Kansas City
S R Cooks & w, Sta R
T J Storm, Klrksville
M Van Gelden, Acamp
Mrs McCormick. tStktn
Mias K Thomas, Stktn
L Gerlach & w, Stktn
B Lips, Bollnaa
- PALACE HOTEI*
Mrs W II Forbes. Mass
Edith Forbes, Mass
A Forbes, Mass
W F Emerson. Mass
C M Hunter. Mexico
G M Dlxon. Sacto >
P R Watta, Sacto
J T Martin, Sacto >
J W Goetz, N Y
E J Hathome, Boston
Mrs Hathome, Boston
Mrs D B Wiggins. NT
C M Reynolds, S Rafel
Mrs Reynolds, S Rafel
F J Moffatt. Oakland
P Wadsworth. Pa
A J Hart, San Jose
L T Wright, Cal
R B McCarty, Phila
M J Rosenthal. N Y
L Gundelfinger. Cal
E O Miller, Vlsalla
R E Jack, San Luis O
J H McLean, N Y
Mrs B H Hall. Troy
Miss Hall, Troy
Mary F Hall. Troy
S E Rlgg, Spokane
Mrs Rlgff, Spokane
W A Cornelias, Pa
Mrs Cornelius, Pa
Dr J J Miller, S Josa
VV A Junker, Del Mnt
Dr C R Ray. Cal
J F Theurer, WIs
Mrs Theurer, Mis
IV T Bishop Jr. L Ans
Mrs Bishop. Los Ang
Mrs R M Bishop, Ohio
Mr* B L Hunter. Reno
|H C Moore, S Jose
C Dunphy, S Jose
S Allman. N Y
|H P Pearson. Chgo
Mrs Pearson, Chicago
J M Halstead. N Y
Mrs Halstead. N T
jtV Bunker. N T
Mrs Banker. N T
C M Thomas. St Lake
T G Judson. N Y
B Hubst, N T
E 8 Will lams, Troy
Mr Morrison, Valpo
Mrs Morrison. Valpo
,E Marlovs. Ross
I Mrs Marlove. Ross
'j J Burns, Oak-rllle '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J S Plttman A w, Cal
G Hatch. Oakdale
F Davis. Rio Vista
M H .Morse. San Jose
M Alston, Portland
J J Klncald. Portland
T S Howe, Portland
H P Portman. S Croz
A Tugwell & w. Wash
A J McKlnnon, Oregon
J L Wllcoxen. Buffalo
Miss E MorrU. Salt Lk
Mrs J Mahon. Sit Lake
S Curtis & w. Sn Jose
F J Monroe. Ls Ang
C Carter, Fresno
C A Chase. Astoria
Mrs GrenfeU, Modesto
Miss GrenfeU. Modesto
W D Gibson. Carson
F Edwards. I»a Anj
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Mary A. Lynch to John H. Brunlngs, lot on
S line of McAllister street. 183:4 E of Polk, E
36:8 by S 120; $10. '„_
City and County of San Francisco to Emma
Matullch, lot on S line of Brannan street, 100
W from SW corner of Valencia and Brosnan,
W 25 by S 75; $ . "
Estate of Alexander McGregor (by James
Campbell and E Eames, executors,) to J. M.
Krap, lot on BW comer of Eleventh street,
225:10 SE of Harrison, SE 68:9 by SW 137:6;
$5125.
William B. and Catherine Fllnn to Marion
A. Fllnn, lot on S line of Seventeenth street.
95 W of Howard W 25 by S 100; gift.
Estate of Vie Coppln (by' R. J. Coppin, ad
ministrator, to Sarah L. Cochran, lot on N
line of Nineteenth street, 100 E of Sanchez, E
60 by N 114; $S75.
Catherine Mclsaac to Louis Hoeckele. lot on
SE corner of Duncan and Sanches streets, S
51:6 by E 100; $10. „
Margaret M. and Charles Westwood to Abra
ham M. de Solla. lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
street. 50:11 E of Noe, E 24:10% by S 114; $10.
Guiseppe Devlncenzl vs. Lulge and Lulsa
Delucchi, Mary McCralth and William G. An
tonovlch (by J. A. Dunker, H. W. Hull and T.
L. von Rhein. referees.) to Lulgl Deluochl.' lot
on E line of Bartol street. 77:6 S of Broadway:
also SO E of Montgomery, S 40 by E 67:6; J3S0O.
George J. (or Jeremiah G.) McCraitb. to same,
same; $2.
John A. and Michael L» Splnnettl (executors
of the estates of Antonio, William and Michael
Splnetti) to G. Galleazzl. lot on N line of
Jackson street, 60 E of Montgomery. E 22:6 by
N 60; $10.
Bernardino and Madeline' Brlglla to O. B.
Torre, lot on E line of Harwood alley (or Grand
place). 60 S of Filbert, 77:8 E of Dupont, E 60
by S 19:%; $2500.
Fernando and Julia A_ Nelson to Helen and
Henry Munster. lot on S line of Twentieth
street, 284 E of Castro, E 25 by S 114; $10.
John, Honor, Frank and Mary Mitchell, Ja
nette Wood and Mary Fahrenholtz to Mary
Mitchell, lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth and
Harrison streets. S 1"4 by B 50; also lot on SW
corner of Precita place and Gunnlson avenue,
W 35 by S 100. Precita Valley lot 155; gift.
Edward F. and Annie E. Franks to James
Lough, lot on S line of alley running from First
street to Ecker. 108 SW of First, SE 41:6 SW
24; U0.
Joseph M. Herold and Mary Halpln (wife of
John A.) to Roman Catholic Archbishop of San
Francisco '.religious corporation sole), lot on SE
line of'Minna street, 800 SW of Third, SW 25 by
SE 70;
Frank T. and Minnie M. . Dryden. Frank W.
and Delphlne McEwen to R. H. Cross, lot on E
line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 200 N of Point
Lobos avenue. E 127:7, NW 50:3«4, W 122:4%. S
50; $10.
Loula and Cathe Levy to George Flatley. lot
on S line of Minerva street, 200 E of Capitol,
E 50 by S 125. block P, Railroad Homestead;
$10. ,
Olive Verkouteren to Morris and Mahle Silver-
Stein, lot on W line of Williams street, 100 3
cf Felton, S 75 by W 120, lots 10 to 12, block M.
Railroad Homestead;' $10. -
Peter and Hannah Tamorny to Mary Myer«,
lot 8. block 2. College Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
Central Land Company (a corporation) to
Florence M. Grube (wife of John H.), lot on
W line of West street. 70 8 of Thirty-sixth,
S 50:3 by W 116:3. being a portion of lot 17.
block M, Map of Property of Central Land
Company. Oakland; $10.
Emily K. Latham (widow) to John R. Spring,
lot on NE corner of Eleventh and Oak streets,
E 105 by N 75, being lots 1, 2. 3 and portions
lots 27 and 28. block 163, Oakland: $10.
Frank Ricardo Jr., to Julia Rlcardo, undi
vided one-quarter interest in lot on W line of
Chester street, 225 N of West Third. N 25 by
W 125, being lot 37. block F. Bay View Home
stead, Oakland; $10.
John R. Spring to Emily K. Latham, 3 acres,
beginning at a stake in SE line of Webster
street (or Piedmont avenue), distant SW 273.93
from the intersection of Webster street and line
dividing plats 14 and 19. thence SE 917.40 feet,
SW 142.45, NW 917.40. NE 142.45 to beginning,
being a portion of plat 19, Rancho V. and D.
Peralta: also lots 1 to 6, 8 and 9, block I, Flint
Tract No. 4. Oakland; $10.
Moses Hopkins to Alameda Water Company
(a corporation), plat O, of undivided mountain
or hill land of Rancho V. and D. Peralta, con
taining 225.14 acres, Oakland Township; $5.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty Syn
dicate (corporation), 8.722 acres, being lot 15,
block G, revised map of Piedmont Park, Oak
land Township: also 5.102 acres, being lot 12.
plat G, same; also lot 8, block 4. revised map.
same, also lots 1, 4 and 6, block 4. Piedmont
Park, Oakland Township; also lots 5L 52, 9 and
10. block A, Paradise Plat. Map 2, Oakland
Township; also lot on SE corner of Evoy ave
nue '.or Fortieth street) and Linden street. E
37:5 by S 100, Oakland; also lot on S line of
Forty-first street, 140 E of Market, B 60 by S
128. being lot 41 on map of estate of John Evoy,
In plat 36, Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland;
also lot on 5W corner of Vernal and Vista ave
nues. W 1S5. S 162.40, E 251. N 157 to beginning,
belnic lots 3 and 4, block 2. map of Piedmont
Park. Oakland Township; $10.
John Dahl to A. Peterson, lot 10, block 19,
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
G. J. and Dolores Briones to John C. Bos
cacci. lot on S line of West Fourteenth street.
207.65 E of Center, E 25 by S 110, being lot 16,
block 679, map of baseball grounds at Four
teenth and Center streets. Oakland; J10.
p. F. and Cecile M. O'Connell to Robert Vin
cent, lot on N line of Thirty-eighth street, 125
W of Telegraph avenue. W 25 by N 60, portion
of lot 4, Perrin Tract, Oakland; $10.
Sarah L. and B. A. C. Watson to J. Tyrrel,
lot on Is corner of Fifth avenue and Hast Sev
enteenth street. NE 150 by NW 75. block 100,
Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
Charles C. and Bertha C. Watz to Johan A.
and Berthe M. Watz, undivided half Interest
In lot on SB line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 175
NE of Madison or East Fifteenth street. NE
25 by SE 100. block 4. map . of F'ontalnebleau
Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to H.
S. Lubbock. lot 85 In plat 80. Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $39.
II. S. Lubbock to August Henrtchs, same;
John and Amalia. Tisch and Henry Menges to
L. G. Burpee, lot on W line of McClure street,
230 feet N of Prospect avenue, N 43 by W 104,
being lot 7 on map of McClure Academy
grounds, Oakland; $10.
Mary F. Potter (by Carrie A. Potter, attor
ney) to Clara Wundsch. lot on N line of Third
street, 100 feet E of Webster, E-60 by N 100,
being lots 26 and 27, block 33, Oakland; $10.
Charles W. and Emma H. Polles to Kate T.
Cousins (widow) lot beginning on a point on
line between Plats 20 and 21 of Ro V and D.
Peralta. 336:8 SW from South Lee street, SW
33:4, NW 140. NE 33. SE 130. to beginning, be
ing portion of lot 5 on subdivision of map of
lots 14 and 15, as per map of Survey No. 821 for
H. C. Lee 100-acre tract, Oakland: $10.
Frank H. Garcia to Antonio Freitas, lot on
SW line of East Sixteenth street. 125 feet
NW of Nineteef-** avenue. NW 25 by SW 140,
beins lot 18. block 27. San Antouu, Oakland;
$10.
Joseph T. Di Lavlgne, Joseph Lavlgne. ad
ministrator estate of , Mary Lavigne (by J. B.
Lanktree, commissioner) to Home Security
Building and Loan Association, lot on W line
of San Pablo avenue, 105 feet N of Rose street.
N 75 by W 128. being lots 17. 18 and 19. block
21, L M. Wentwnrth Boot and Shoe Company
Tract, Berkeley; $S28.
Ettle Schaefer (wife of L. Schaefer) to Ma
ria Augusta lot 11. block 9, on original map of
town of San Leandro, Eden Township; $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Lester G.
Burpee, lot on corner Thirty-second street and
Telegraph avenue, W 136:53 feet, S 110, E 135:20,
N 110, to beginning, being lot 6 and portion of
lot 4. block 2C3f>. Rowland Tract. Oakland: $10.
M. and Eliza E. Rlnehart to L. G. Burpee,
lot on 3 line of Thirty-second street. 136:58 feet
W of Telegraph avenue, W 25 by S 140. being
the E 25 feet of lot 6. block 2036, Rowland
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Lester G. and Mary I. Burpee to A. J. Sny
der, lot on S line of Eighteenth street, 130 feet
W of Grove street, W 32 by S 100 of block 2S1.
Oakland: $10.
Mrs. F. Reschert (formerly Mrs. Theodore J.
Fisher) to Mrs. Cella Mantels, lot 83. In Plat
34, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Ferdinand Rels Jr. and William 8. Pardy
(trustees for Felix and Delflna Marcuse) to Pa
cific States Savings, Loan and Building Com
pany, all Interest in 662 D. 364 lot on SE corner
of Railroad avenue and Mlnturn st, E 32 by S
100, being lot S of subdivision of lot 32. Fass-'
king Park (trustees' deed), Alameda: $2230.
Jennie and C. W. Ormsby to D. B. Parker,
lot on E line of Ruby street. 100 8 of Weston,
8 60 by W 100. being lots 10 and 12, Map of
Oakland Railroad Homestead. Oakland; $10.
John T. and Nellie C. Stone to Mary Beeny.
lot on N line of Wallace avenue (or Forty-fifth
street), SSS.24 E from NE corner of San Pablo
avenue and Forty-fifth street. E S2.50 by N
151 57 being the E half of lot 27 and W 37:6
of lot 26. Map of CogKeshnll Tract.' K of San
Pablo avenue. Oakland Township: $250.
W. A. and LUlie Forbes to Anne Jackson,
lot 14 block L. Thermal Hill (formerly the
Howe Tract). Oakland^lO.
John C. and Mary W. Moody to Sarafi H.
McClure beginning at NE corner of lot 20,
block 3 ' of property of Berkeley View Home
stead Association, thence along the E line of
block 3 extended N between the lands of Car
lisle Moody & Whitney. 525 from point of be
ginning, thence N 63. W 150 S J5 E 145 to be
ginnlnc being a portion of plat 84, Rancho
V. and'D Peralta, ¦ Berkeley; $10.
Henry ZL Jones to John A. Watts, block 13, \
Allendale Tract. Brooklyn Township:- $10 .
B Kelsey to Edward E. Young, lot 7. Orchard
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $37.
Home Building Company to Lena Hay lots
59 and 60. Map of Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn
I T T W ' n c hlP CooVan (trustee estate - Adelaide B.
Fwinirt to 8. Howard Ewtng, lot on NW cor
ner of Central avenue and Eleventh street,
W 97-3 by N 74.' being lots 1. 2 and S, Vescher
Tract, Alameda: also property In town of Hu
eneme, Ventura County; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Manr P Wei ton (owner) with B. Kalbertson
(contractor and archttect)-AJl work for altera
tion." and additions to make a: two-«tory frame
Sbs s «wws ttneu m w
R R Thompson (owner) with Gray Bros,
(contractors), architect G. W. Percy-Exeavat-
Ine grading and concrete work for a one. two
and three-story brick building: on N corner of
Seconded -'"Rryant streets. KTV 181. NE 126,
SK 85. NE 125. SB MOjBW 250; nap. •
Same owner with Thomas .w. Butcher (con
tractor), architect /same, brick and Iron work
for same on same, J1S.4S0. ¦_ ¦¦*
Same owner with W. S. Snook & Son (con
tractors), architect same, gas pipes, plumbing
and drains for same on same; $2985.
8ame< owner with William . Knowlea and
George • Reichley (contractors), architect itme,
carpenter, mill, stair : and glass work, glazing,
tin and galvanized Iron work, skylights, hard
ware and routine for same on same; t V.i"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
11
DIVIUU.MJ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 9 (twenty-
nve cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Ccmpany will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after -Tuesday, May 15. 1900. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 10, 1900. at 2
o'clock j>. m.
W. D. K. GIBSON, Secretary pro tem.
McflUOV «Sfc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEHS,
1233 Market St., between : 8th and Sta. .
Telephone South 247. .
BAILBOAD TEAVEL,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausollto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1900. -
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:W». •8:M, »:3o. 11:00 a. m.: :
12:46, -1:45. 8:15, 4:15. *a:lS. «:1S. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. «8:00. »9:00, »10:00. 11:00. ll:J0
a. m.: 12:43. •1:30.2:*), »2:4j, 5:00. 6:00. 7:20
p. tn.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafaal Sun-
days. •*' .' - "'
Trains marked (*) ran to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-* :K. •«:30. 7:50. 8:49. »10:U a.
m : 12:10 1:15. 2:15. »J:aO. 4:80. 8:J0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *«:46 and 10:20 n. m.
SUNDAYS— «:U. 'S^. •»:». •11:06a. m.; »13:00
m.; 1:00. 2:15. •3:30. 4:30. '5:43. «:«. 7:30. 10 39
marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:M. «:43, 8:00. 8:55, 10:10 a.
m.: 12:33. l:4S. 2;45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-C:J5. 8:C5. 10:05 11:10 a. m.: UUa>
1-20 2:30. 3:43. 4:RS. «:15, 7:05. 10:S0 p. m.
XU- • * THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a, m. week days— Caxadero and way sta-
tions. _
1:15 p. m. Baturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. •
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Caxadero aad way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
£7Frlends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 14 LaBkle street, off Mission, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where mass will be celebrated for the
(CTInterment strictly private.
FOLEY— In this city. May 9, 1900, Michael J.
beloved husband of Mamie Foley, father of
Sllvestla Foley. and son of Patrick Foley, a
native of Canada.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday
May 13. at 2 o'clock, from Shlels build-
ing, 8,1 O'Farrell street, where funeral services
•will be? held under the auspices of Nord-
deutscher Verein. Interment I. O. O. F-
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. F
Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth.
FLOOD— In this city. May 10, 1900, Emma, be-
loved daughter of John W. and Sarah Flood,
a native of New York City.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 81 Eddy street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her bouI, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDEN— In this city. May 10, 1900, Meno, dearly
beloved father of Hattie Eden, a native of
Hanover. Germany, aged £1 yearn t months
aad 7 days.
IG^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his lata residence,
618 Laguna street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
CASEY— In this city. May 10, 1900, George F.,
beloved son of John C. and Catherine Casey,
and brother of William H.. John. Joseph and
Emma Casey and Mrs. M. Barrett, a native
of San Franclsoo, aged 26 years 11 months
and 12 days.
CROBWELL-In this olty. May 10, 1900. Mar-
Sarlte Isabell Croawell. beloved daughter of
essle and Isabell Croewell, and sinter of
Clyde Croewell, a native ot San Francisco,
aged 10 months and 7 days.
DUNN-In this olty, May 8, WOO, May, beloved
daughter of John and Kate Dunn, and sister
of Joseph and Bailey Dunn, a native of San
Francisco, aged 16 years 4 months and 8
flays.
{E7"The funeral will take placa this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 818 Ma-
son street, between Geffry and O'i'arrell. Cre-
mation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BROMMER— In this city. May 8. 1300, Henry
Brommer. beloved husband of Jane Brommer,
and father of Mrs. Jennie Cunningham, Mrs.
Mae Love and Robert M. Brommer, a native
of Germany, aged 64 years and 8 months.
BONIN— In^hls city. May. », 1900, Josephine
May Bonlnra native of St. Louis, Mo., aged
24 years 1 month and 14 days.
Dunn. May beth
Kden, Meno - Me&gher. Agnes L.
Flood, Emma Meehan, Patrick
Foley, Michael J. CUrlen. Joseph P.
Foubert, Eugene A. Royce, Ann
Gallagher. James G. Ryley, Ralph M. Jr.
Gatto. Maria Schumacher, Ernst
Graves. Agnes A. Schuemann, Fred
Hall, Maria IS. fttraw, Edgar
Hamilton. Sarah Tobin, R. C.
Healy, Elizabeth Weglein, John J,
Henne, Franziska Zapf, Louisa W.
Hills, Jennie H.
DIED.
Bonln, Josephine M. Hoey, Lawrence
Brommer, Henry Kennedy, Margaret
Casey, George F. McLaughlin, James
Croswell. Margarlte Macpherson, Eliza-
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAT. 2421. near FUlroore^-2 large^nfurnlshed
rooms; yard: water; rear; rent 17.
EDI>T. S17— Pleasant, sunny, connecting house-
kt*plng rooms; eplendld location; private res.
ELLIS. E1S— 2 Funny housekeeping rooms, well
furnished; rleasant; convenient; also other
_el«-cant rooms.
FOLSOM. S30— Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; also room with stove. 17.
HARRISON. 735—4 rooms furnished complete
-I^L^f^f^fFi 081 ' er ee yard; bath; rent J16.
HOWARD. MlH-6unn7 furnished rooms; also
rent cheap.
HATES 4Cl~Flat7iTrooms and baih. *35; call
rrr.m 2 to 4 p. w.; convenient for doctor or
lady In business.
KEARNY. 223. near gutter— A front suite, ill;
•i gaa.' Janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant ave.
LEWIS, JS, off Taylor, near Post — 3 unfurnished
nunny front rooms: J10.
MARKET, 3028—3 rooms, furnished for house-
ke^iing. $10: 2 unfurnished, ti.
MARKET. 1538, near City Hall— Three sunny
front rooms: water, range; $15; 3 rooms $12.
NOE. 153— Complete housekeeping; Z sunny bay-
wlndow rooms; coal or gas etove; bath; $12.
OCTAVIA. 14C3, corner Geary— Sunny furnished
room; mantel; kitchen; complete for house-
__keeping; $1L
OTARRELL, 742— S nicely rurolahed nouie-
keeying roomt; parlor floor. VS. $20.
POLK. 709— Nicely furnished parlor suite with
kitchen; rent reasonable.
SCOTT. 1723— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rocms; use of bath; $8 or $10 month.
STEVENSON. 642. bet. Seventh and Eighth—
Furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; central.
FTKVEXSON. 6."1 — Two sunny clean furnished
housekeeping rooms; alno cellar and yard.
WASHINGTON. 1003^ cor! Powell— 2 sunny
rooms for ho»*ekeei>lnt; running water; use
Of bath.
f 2 LAKOE sunny front rooms; kitchen and bed-
room; furnished, complete for housekeeping;
I furniture all new; $2 per week. Apply at
I ehoe Eton. (62 Mission et.. bet 1st and 2d.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2?00 Fllfmore.
A BKANCri ofSce lor Call advertisement* and
euhTripUons has been established at JOS* Va-
lenria f t.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfarn.
A— BRVNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth— Room*
I5c to $1 per night; $1 26 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. «
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." ?I4 Bush St.. ad-
Jo'.ning; the Rues Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
AT Howard — Changed bands; respectable;
newly renovated; single, double and house-
keeping rooms; $1 un. ,
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 13M)— Fur-
clshed rms., suites, Elngl*; alao unfurnished.
CARROLTO.V, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & office*.
FIFTH. 107— Pleaaant eunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FOLSOM. *68. cor. 6th — (The Oliver)— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)-EIegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission st«. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. Mission et. -Select
family roomlpg house; $1 60 to t8 per week.
HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; ba.thn. MRS. KIN'Q, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, S29— Rooms from $1 week up to *5:
2Dc to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 6G7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window ream, $1 per week; transient.
MTNNA. B14— Nicely furniehed. single and
double rooms, reasonable.
NINTH. 239— Large eunny bay-irindow room;
pas; also tingle room,
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnlshedi rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
OTAHRELL, 224 — Nicely furnished, eunny
I rocms; modern improvements.
POLK. CMS— Two or three sunny front rooms;
gas range; modern; private family.
POST. 23^— Finest transient rooms in city;
phone Main 1760; elevator; hot and cold water.
POWELL. Ill— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
RIKOOLD. 22 — For one or two ladles; no other
roomcra.
ROSEDALE House, 318 A J21 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis ft.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor: rooms, per nlKht. 35c to $1 50: week, $2
to *8; month. $S to J20; elevator on offlca floor;
rooms with hot and eol<J water; bathe.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth it.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE OAKS, 119 Third — A »rood rooming house
for good people. R. HTJGHES. proprietor.
I THIRD. 514H. $6: 2 large unfurnished rooms;
rear of barber shop; side entrance. ,
VAN NESS ave.. 401B — One or two nicely fur-
nished rooms; eunny upper flat; modern and
centrally located. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rtr«-lved a* CaU brunch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lenria Et.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
NEW family hotel: first-class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special Inducements to
select people. S07 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
BUNNY room, with board; gaa; hot, cold water;
private family; no children; gent only; J20;
references. Box 1895. Call office.
IIAIGHT, 232 — Sunny rooms, with board for 2,
$40 per month: also parlor suite for 2, $60.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; $25 up.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market St.— Suite of I or 3
rms.; prii-ate; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
VAN NESS ave.-. S44 fThe Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: $20.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. b580.
ROOM f? papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
pa'nt'nsr d^ne. Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Third.
i SEWISG MACIIIXES AXU SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine iup-
pilr-*. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, uold. exchanged, rented;
repairlrit at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES,
MKRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main S71I.
BEKIN8 Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market et. ;
tel. South £35; paoklng. moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pary. tStn Plllmnr* st.: nhnne Jackson 281.
TO LBA8IE.
FOR rent— Flee dairy; 100 to 125 cows; In Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent to right parties;
this Is a money maker. For further particu-
lars apply to FRANK HICKMAN. 412 J St..
Sacramento.
"typbwihters and supplies.
G^EAlwJAltG^LVsif^TTPEW^^^
sell better machines for les* money than any
house in the city: rentals, $S. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California, telephone Main 2M.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
8*750'.'. GREATEST snap In Alameda ••!— Three
lots 'and two modern nearly new houses; 1 8-
room 1 5-room; must be sold Immediately.
$KO0"'— Grand Investment!! Four new mod-
ern 2-etory houses; beautifully situated; near
station; rent* tES.
jry^'tf—j^ew modern large 2-etory house;
lot 75xlK0; cost $12,000; 11 rooms; windmill.
"vvhVn renting furnished or unfurnished
house* see HAMMOND & CONGER, 2326
EanU Clara ave.. telephone Paru 1023.
ItOO-FOKECLOSURE; modern 4 room and batfl
cottage; sunny side of street; t blocks from
nation and school; terms 1109 cash. J10 per
month.
11*00— New modern eottaee: I rooms and
bath- street work, cement walks, etc. com-
plete: near station and school: 1100 cash. J20
P Yl660°cash— To close an estate; worth $J00O;
finest corner In Alameda: see this at onej.
Fine modern house: 8 rooms and bath: W00O:
bo money down: easy monthly pay menu ; or
will exchange for lot; this Is a snap. ¦?
wui «g"» p i mqreaL A CO.. 1482 Park st.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 1« Pages, aent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
I ,< . * t h pr# pa Id. * t___^^__^ — _
"^ AMMEDA^FLAT JTtD j LET;, V 'j
BROADWAY, 11 62^-Sunny lower flat; 4 large
rooms; reception hall; bath: garden; furnish-
ed for botuekeepins; no children; references.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth et. Tel. South 'I,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALMEBB.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALUSBa,
to Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln Hcaool.
Telephone South 80.
WrSICAt. INSTRUMENTS.
f 'MTKVar^'«7 fo77aT,"o7r^nt for «.
00 ' B>Ton Mauzy pi&ncs - m to
A yy.W days «r.!y— New ntanos SI E0 Der mo
PCOTT-CfRTAZ PIAXQ P CO , t£ Hay*. ."
C '»« O1 . > n^i* Che . r: KF * at b* 1 -?*"!- SCHMlTi. i«
McAllifter St.. ctxt Hlbernla Bank.
? n n 4 Sttlnway upright: sarrlflced.
KHKFT-E 8. 10H Van Ness .ave., nr. Geary Kt.
W\ G. BAnGEB. «« Sacramento 5t.. agent for
* Francis Hscon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
• V V,7-, ! i I "l. t v » r llns. tithersi" old and r.ev. H.
¦ ¦n i i.:.K. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
OrKlCKS AND STOKKS TO LET.
LAn< i^ 5tore ' corn «'«' Seventh and Natoma;
iitfra .•¦' yr>. as rrocery and talocn: reasonable.
rALMISTKV.
MJ.1E. Neersaard. Pres. St. Oermala College of
r».iv,'>try: rrads 1 to i. Cl« Geary, nr. Jongs.
PERSONALS.
S \M :i:TH E a RT— Something ~swelT ~and^up "to
date; :»r young men only; send SI (paj>er) to
Fu.-iEK CO.. box 107 St. C. Los Anseles. ajid
F' t ttn times your monry's worth of en joy -
*J"° the public— My wife. Marj- Ann Jensen.
!.:i\ir.K lefl my home and board. I will not
1* responsible for any debts incurred by her
SOPHUS JENSEN.
WANTED — A Rood home In country for boy 4
vpsrs olo; bright and healthy; state terus
A.ldress bat ZUZ, Call office. i
U :* MEX'S vicl kid shoe tor $2 31) • at THE
BEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market St.
W ING VLEX *¦ CO.. 1115 Stockton «.. wish to
announce to the public that acconnts due
them ehouid not be paid to YOUNO WING
II* Is no longer In their employ.
MISS SHELDON. chlropoaistTand business ad-
vice. &>0 Market St.. second floor, room 37. ,'
PRIVATE detective worK; reasonable rates: 10 !
years" ex^rience. J. B. RAY. 307 Jes«le st.
Ft"LL-rnES8 and ether raits bought: also old '
gc!d. I'ortlar.d Loan Offic*. a Stockton st.
LEPKREK uses Qulntor.ica Hair Tonic to mak*
the hair g'.OBsy. S5c bottle, and Foamo Sham-
poo to cleanse the scalp'. 5s pkg. liJ Stockton.
AMATKUn photographers- £ave U) p^r cent by \
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio.
er.O Market et., cor. Stockton: kodak». SWxai*.
only tic; no charg-e for blank ncc&tives; pro-
leesi'-naj advice Ire*.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser; price only
85c; no «xtra charge Jcr fancy halrdresslne;
bar but one price for plain or the inoet elab-
orate coifTurea. 1ZX Stockton st.
HAIH quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cctt's Curling Fluid: I&c bottle; drutKieU.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; confidential: secret*
inviolate. Address box «»0. Call of flee.
t-!.ECTRlC llrhts In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
*fc to II &0 per night; $1 i0 to U per week;
free 'bu* and baggage to and from the ferry.
I_AI>rES' and gents' cas-t-eff clothing bought and
•<»H fllvtnctn. f*4 Fol»om; tel. Foltom 11IL
t: PHOTO8 Tor IS per dm»n at FOWZER'S.
IMS Market st.. near Taylor.
AN elegant suit for 110 75 from Imported or do-
mest'.e remnants L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st_.
Uirrrs Seventh and Eighth.
CAPT-OFF clotiiln*. old f:n\A and silver bought;
•end pcaul. COLEMAN'S. 50« Kearny et.
ETAMynRING corrected: booklet. J. 'U'HITE-
HOP.X. A.M.. Ph.D.: ir.5 Linden et.. Oakland.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
lr.ir c*!l on B. Cohen. IZ' Third: tel. Black 4123.
ALASKA !ur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEIXEMAN. 10J Sans^rae st.
A BRANCH office for CaM sSvertUements and
FUtwrrirtions has been established at 1CSS Va-
lencia at.
CLASSIFIED eflvertisernents ar-1 subscription*
received at Cell branch office. MOO Flllmore st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
1VE loan kodaks free; photo Furplles; Backus
studio 11 Geary ft., ground floor.
PHYSICIANS AND BC&GEOXS.
CR. C C. C IXJXXELLr-OfTlc* and residence,
;C21Vj Market et-. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC <Ji£ eases treated; cure* guaranteed.
PR. C.ORDIN. Banltarlum. HI Pine *t.
tR. STTAX'S Rheumatism Cure. 11; free to j
KKAL ESTATE— CITV — FOIl BALE.
THOfe. MAGEE & SONS,
6 Montgomery Street.
CHEAP PARK PAXIIAICDLE LOTS.
A northwest corner; Zf.l'z by 100: both streets
fcltununized: caenct be b*»at for sun and choice
location; facing the park I'anhacdle and on the
Kell-st. boulevard.
Ttree fine lots on the north fide of F"ell KU.
* v^oiaeii on. e &rx, p.
C'rrw?r on Ilayee Ft., near park panhandle
ST.J Fell-et. boulevard; 25 br lMiI'j; ven' cheap. I
THOS. MAGEE & SON'S.
' 5 Montgomery et-
r CHOICE LOTS.
Weet line cf Eleventh ax-e.. between Point
Lobos avf. and Clement St.; ffxTO each; all
rtrert v.ork done; ready for building: these j
are sboct the moet desirable lots In Rich- !
tr.ond; only S7T.0 each: there Is a well on one !
of these lore that cost nw and yieldn enough j
¦rater to supply a blo^k; electric cart- paeg I
within a i(-K steps; I recommend the?e lots I
ar a <joo<1 Investment; they are offered at a !
low prire. W. J. QL'NN. £30 California st.
IF you have property north of the Park, or i
Kcmer> Addition and the Mission, that you I
want to rtiiinnw or, then call on W. J. j
GUNN, L20 California et.
6ACRIFICE tale of 4 lota; corner Capital ave. '
and Ocfan txiulevard road, near Ingleelde I
racetrack and ccurt:r.g park; cars r>a-t-s prr>p- !
erty: rnuet be sold before Tupfday; owner
going to Alaska; a!mc«t any offer accepted.
J. B. UARRHkUU 34 Eddy «.
CONNECTICXT ft.— House of i flats for eale
cheap. Apply at 127 Arlington st.
f£200— At a tacrlno*-; on account of bank fore- I
closure: lot 23x100; Improvements Z-story
house, 7 rooms, bath: ecuth elde Seventeenth,
bet. Howard and Mission. Apply R. Me-
COLO AN. 24 Montgomery et.. room 1.
OFTER wanted— Lr.t 24:$xlZi feet on west line
of Cartro «?t., between Eighteenth and Xlne-
teentb; busii.eR* bluck. Aj'piy A. M. SPECK
& CO.. CfiT Market st.
FOR sale at a big eacrlfice— Income 1125 j,.- r I
month: businesb prorierty: Howard et.. h*-t. I
«th and r.th. Apply Bew Drug Co.. AUmeda. !
WANTED-At once; improved Income city
property; ll-VW to J5000; for c**h, at EPECK
& CO.'S. OCT Market Bt.
MODERN house* and flats built at lowest
price* ; plane and estimate* furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
. ¦ — — —^ _— — ™ _^ _
SNAP for people moderate means; house of 2
i fats, 4 rooms and bath each ; Jones st. ; rent
$2* month; no agents; $2600. Inquire 20SA 10th.
LOT 200x300 on Prle* «t. and Second ave. In
the Castle Tract. Inquire at £941 Mission st.
j;000 — COTTAGE; 5 rooms; barn; fine view;
near Hyfl« and Lombard sts. Box 444. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— 22»e Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In tbe
TTnlt'ed Stat«»». postpaid, for » per year.
KUAI, ESTATE COL'.VTHV — For Sale
THE Esparto Colony farms In tbe Capajr Valley
country ehouid be looked after at once, as this
If the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range In *!re from 10 to
40 acre* and no*| sold to Induce Immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
seekers will never regret securing one of these
homes: no malaria, no frosts; products earll-
•rt in market; good society. «rood schoo'.s (In-
cluding high ecboo!); macadamlxed roads; !
railroad trains dally from Ban Francisco;
• ater for Irrigation when dwslred; superior to
Southern California for raiting all kinds of
dtru* Iruit. recently so pronounced by lead-
ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the superior tolls and all otber advan-
tages named, will be sold at prlcea far below
thofe* faiked In localities hitherto considered
cnapproachable in excellence; there Is no mere
lndepondent life than the email diversified
farmer'r: th* farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally *s mu<-h as $100 per acre; you can leave
Fan Francisco on S a. rn. train, have S cr 4
hours at EsDarto. and back to San Francisco
early the s&me evening; you will find an agent
at Hotel Tiarnes, Esparto, to show you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Wood'ana. Cal.
jrrrA-nEPIRATJLE country home; 20 acres
choicest fruit land; 16W almond and 60 select
fruit tree*. 5 to 6 year* old: new hard-flnlshed
residence; barn ar.d other buildings; excellent
well of water: new windmill; good wchool; de-
Blrahle neighl^.rhooi; hy rail 14 hours from
f. F. Apply 22 Pwn Pablo ave., Oakland.
W75O— « ACRES sandy loam; all In full bearing
assorted fruit: 1H *tory, 7-room house and
basement; windmill, tank, fruithouse; chicken
houses. Incubator, brooder, horse, harness,
buggy, plow, harrow, cultivator, small tools,
crop; all so with the place: 20 minutes' walk
from postofflce. GEO. C. YOUNG. Petaluma.
ACCURATE " personal knowledge— each of the
MOO ranches on my SALE AND EXCHANGE
Ilrt. T»V D. EICKEL6-tbe LAND AO.ENT-
19 Geary «t.
MILL Valley; bouse and lot chesp; on account
of departure. Box 420. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 page*, aent to aay address In the
Tntted Btatea, postpaid, for ;i per year.
Postage paid. 1
- If deceased was a member of; ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the charge .- for cremation, ; a copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service la $30.
The same for members of , the ; family. .;
GBORGE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent.
SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
CREMATION.
¦OlITIIKKN PAfiriV COJIPA.1T.
(PACIFIC BTSTS1I.)
Train. Irmi. » n .l »r«* .!..» to nrrlt* *i
MAN Ht*MI»(«.
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Street)
uatx — Fro* Mat 1. 1900. — *rrits
•7:00a B-nlrii, 8nlsuu Ehaixa. VaearlQe.
Rcmtey inJ ti»cr»nienw> *7t43p
•TiOOa S«»3ta ELxpresa— DaTis. Williams (fo»
Bartiett SpricxsX Willows. Red
Blufl. PorUjkod. »7»4»»
•7:SO a Martinex. Sun i:»mon. Vallejo. Xapa,
I Callstoga a:»i Mauta Kosa *8tl3p
*S:8Q* Tbe OterlauJ l.in I fed— OgJeu, Den-
ter. Omaha. Chicago a 3ll3p
**>*•* San Jose. Lhermorr, Stockton,
lone. Hacramtmto, PUcrrrlUe,
Mh:j«!:I«, <l>ic>. Hi-.! ISlnir •till-
•8>*«a •MiUon. Oaktlaie, Chinese (forTo-
semite), Honor*. Carters. Mtl.ip
•9:00a Hajr«ar<ls. Nilrt »n<l Way Stations. M I :•»*
*9>OUa Davis. Woodland. Knight* Landing,
MarjsTllle, OioiiSlw *7:13p
•ti:OOi AtUutic K«prem— Ogden and East *»:*»a
•Kill) a Los Angeles Expreas — Martluez.
Truer, Latiirop. sltockton, Alt r<*d
and Fresno •fljOr
•IO:OOa Valirju. Martinez ami Wai Stations "Oiilf
Ml-.OOi Nile*. Livermore, Stockton, Haera-
m:nto. Meudota. llauford. VbaUa*
Porter*tll« •••ilSr
MS:«Av Hajrwar.ln, Nile* and Way Stations. *a:4.1p
tl:OOr&aer»!iientoi:!verSte*meni t>:OOp
•3:<>Or liajwards, Nilesand Way Stations. *S:«3r
'l:tOr Murtlumt. M»:i lUmon. Vallejo.
Nap*. OulUtnfa. HkhU Kos* ••iISa
* tt«»r BenicU. . Vaeatill*. Hacianianto.
\Vuu.;ian<t. Knl«hU I.«i»diug,
M*rrsviite, OrovtUs M«:4B*
¦4iS*p Nilwi. Has Jnse ami Stockton *7:13p
•.V.OOrThe Owl Liroifcd-Tracy. Frwoo.
• Bitkersdeld. Mantua fur Santa Bar-
bara. !•»¦ Anxelea "9:IJj
• *3:00r Fresno faaaencer— Martta-s. Lath-
rop. Mrrrt-.i. Berenda (Rajmund
for Voicxnitf). krunuo *l3il3p
*8:S0pKew Mean? Eipreis-llakersilald,
Hiuitii Ititrhata. I.<.« Angrlea. Dem-
iof. El Paso. How Orlaaoa and
Kaat *S«43a
•JiHrh.,,1. r« ttonte— A kUntlo Eiprras
for MoJKf • atid but *0:l.1p
•«:00r Harvard*. Nile* and Han Jots •?>*•">*
t«:»ttr Vaflejo M3:l3 r
•6t8t»r Oriental Mall— OgJeo. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chic*go «»:I3 4
•O:80r Oriental Mail— Ogdeo. Denier.
Omaha. Chicago. *-l:19p
J7:00r Vallejo, Port Coita and Way Sta-
tions. tB:B3 r
•Si«8p Oregon tad California 1'iprom. Mao-
nuneiiku. Marj«Till«. l(«i|.lln«,
r..rtl*M.U fng-t S..H...I »,,.! K«»t »Si13a
COAST IUYInHM (.Narrow dange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J?:43a Santa Crnz Excursion for Santa
Crnz and Principal Way Station* J9:03r
•*:I»A Newark.CenterTiile.8an J.««. I'Vltoo.
RonldorCrrek.iiaiita Crui and Way
Ht.itioua ¦«:SOp
tailftp Newark Centerrille. San .foae. New
Almaden, Felton. liouMer Creek,
6anU Ctuz and Principal Way
SUtlon* f »•:•"»"*
Mit.tr Newark. Han .Toro. lo« Gatoa •*i."*»4
•4:ISr Clenwood. Felton. Bant* Cnra «*:3»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frill 311 rftUCISCO-rnt *r lirkit Strut (Slii g)—
•7:15 900 11:004.11. 11:03 *2:03 13:33
•1:03 tS:S3 •l-.ttr.*.
Tr*m 01IURD— r»l «r ttnimmj. — '6:00 8.00 10-00*. M.
t!2:03 '1:03 13:83 »3:33 |i:C3 '3:C3r.«.
COAST l> I VISION (BroiitUaagv).
(ThU.I and Townneml Sts.)
+Otl*A Ocean View, South Man Francisco.. t«:a» p
t7:O»A Ban Jose ami Way stations (Now
Alinadeii Weilneulavfrnity; *l:30?
I7:»0a Sunday Eieurclon for San Joss
Hanta Croz, Patf&o GroM ana
Principal Way -Stations. ...„ {S:33p
•9iO«a Han .lose. Tim Pino*. s»uU t'riiz.
Pacille <:ro»e. l'asn K..l>lr«. Man
I.iiU Ol.iarm. Hnrr. Loiupoc and
Principal Way Statli.ns Mil«p
¦It:!** San J UM ami Way Htttloim ¦fcUj
•11:30a Uau.Iose,Lo8Gatos*ii<i\VarStatloii* *3:.?0p
t*:4."»r Sin .\1at-i.. ICB.Iif.fi.l. Meulo Park.
Palo Alto. SaoU Clara. -1«t. .!•.»».
Trea Pinoa. Hanta Cms. Sailnaa.
Monteroy »n.l Pvclftc nroTn tl*t3SA
t»:3i>p Pan .lose and Way Stations *~:3t»p
fl:I3p S»ri Jose iii.l Principal Way Stations "J: l*\
t3:00pS»n Jose. Los Gatoa aad Principal
Way Station. ?»:0o»
•.itSAp SaaJnssaiiJ Principal Way StaUona t«:XtA
•nMWpgittJoaeiinl W» y Statlona f«:O«»«
Uls^Sr 9an Jom-mi.] Way Stations »7:3Or
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
• Dallj. t SuiMay excepted. t Sunday onlj.
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, e Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA N9RTBWESTEEN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tl&uron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN VRJlUCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 t>. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at l:i»
and 11:30 D. re
BUN DATS— 8:00. 9:S0. U:C0 a. m. ; 1:30. 1:30.
V 6:00. 8:20 d. n.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 1J:«.
SMO. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:35 and 8:35 D. rn.
BTJ-.VDAYS— 8:10. »:40. 11:19 a. m.: 1:40. 3:10.
6:0S, 8:2i p. m.
, Eetween San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
aamo schedule a» above.
Lcavi I In Effect. I Arrtre
San Francisco. [Apr. IS. 13C0.) Fan Francisco.
Week I Ban- I " I Sun- I Weeic '
Days. I days, f Destination.] days. | Days.
7:29 am 8:00 ami Novato. 10:i0 ami »M0 am
1:30 pm »:J0am Petalurr.a. «:05 pmjl0:!3 am
6:li pm 5:00 pm[ Sacta Rosa. 7:35 pmf 6:.o pm
Fulton.
1:20 axn Windsor. 10:23 ara
Healdstmrff.
Lytton.
Oeyservllle.
8:S0pm 8:00 atnl Cloverdale. 7:33 pm C:29pTn
7:10 ami j Hopland I |K>:25 am
3:1) pm! 8:00 amf and Uklah. | 7:33 pm 1 , «:20pn»
7:30 am 10:25 am
S:C0am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
8:30 rm riO pa
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am) &:4O am
and |
8:10 pm t:00 pm Olen Ellen. t:05 pm' «:20 prn
7:30 am] 8:00 ami 10:10 am! 10: Z"» ara
3:30 pml 5:00 pm| Sebastepol. 7:35 pra; «:20 ptr\
Ftazes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W»st
Springs and Wnite SuTphur Sprines: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skasss Pprlnss; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland SprViirs. Ke'.seyvUIe. Carls-
bad Sprinjrs, Poda Bay. Lakeport and Bart'.ett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Spring. Saratoga
i 6prlnK», Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lak». Pomo. Potter Val!*y.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell'a,
fanhedrin Heights, HullvlUe. Orr*s Hot
Erriacs. Mendodno City. Fort Brag?. West-
port TJsal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. C3 Market st.. Chronlrl- bid*.
H C WHITIN'O, R. X. RTA.V.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Azeat.
California i iwiteo
Santa Pe Route
T£ ClilCACO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
COKNECTKSO TSAM LEAVES SAH F« ANCISCOt
I P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving to Chicago at 2:15
PSl in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San FranclaetTat 5:30
EXPRESS P- m - with Palace aad Tourist
rT. , , v cars for Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, TnUre arwn
! and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN 8aa Francisco office. 623
•fDlSrO SOON Market Street. Phone Main
TKIdCU aUOn* 1S3l . Oakland. HIS Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa. Clara Street. % _^__^^
MILL. VAXX.EY AND MOUNT TAilAUPA.S
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 23. WOO. via Sausallto Ferry. Week
days — Leave Ban Francisco. 9:30 a. tn.. 1:C
p. m. Sundays — Leave San Francisco. S a. m..
& a. m.. 10 a. m.. II a. m., 1:30 p. m.. 2:30
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
aatlto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market *L. San Francisco. Fare,
round trip from San Francisco. $1 40.
X" "^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£W«»fe&£ *>— *> KEAiJJfTf *T. K*Ut>Il3hed
ISiWS-^AAln 1S34 lorthetrcatmontof Prlvat*
IVliV. &*f Irtaemif s, L«t Manho<«L Dfblllty or
IgSr^BlVKftfli^aae^earinicoiibodyaadEaln.laricl
Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcurpswbfii
*^W^Kteffi3 others JalL Try him. Ch«r<s» iow
\Vmfir^"i C'nr»«»n»r»niff 1 C»illorwrlt«.
Or. J. * % . falUUUX. Max l»57.Saa Ftaaciaca
MABRIED.
GRUSH— HARRISON— In this city, March 17.
1WX), by the Rev. Father Cummins of St. Pat-
rick's Church, CharleB Grusli and Fannie
Harrison, both of San Francisco.
WATTSON— CANTY— In Marin County, May 9,
1&00, by the , Rev. . Mr. Dillon, William T.
Wattson and Leonle Canty.
the wife of Thomas Pennlnsrton. a daughter.
BORN.
HULL— In this city, May 10. 1S00. to the wife
of George Hull, a son.
KAHN— In this city, May 4, 1900, to the wlf»
of Joseph B. Kuhn, a son.
KUHLS-In this city. May S, 1900. to the wife
of Henry Kuhls. a Eon.
PENNINGTON— In this city. May 8, 1900, to
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
MAHKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued"
yesterday:
Andrew J. Holmer, 23, 14> South Park, and
Christina Wlllde. 14, 145 South Park.
Nathan J. Baldwin. 4S. Jackson, and Anna
Norton. 40, Helana, Mont.
George H. Cushing, 29, 228 Thirteenth street,
and Fannie McCormack, 32, 223 Thirteenth st.
Frank Lasselle. 45, 94S 1 * Mission street, and
Carrie M. Stork, 29, Oakland.
David Cantor, 19, 738 Vallejo street, and
Frances Wakelee. IS, Ii33 Mason street.
DEEP Water Harbor. San Pedro. CaL— United
States Engineer Office, Laughlln building,
Los Angeles. Cal.. April 12. 1900. Sealed pro-
posals for continuing construction of break-
water at San Pedro, Cal., will be received
here until 11 a. m.. May 14, 1900, and then
publicly opened. Information furnished on
application. JAMES J. MEYLER, Captain
Engineers. , '
NOTICE to' contractors — Plans and specifica-
tions for the construction of a restraining
dam 1600 feet long, 60 feet base, over Dry
Creek, above Orovllle and Chlco road, can be
seen at the office of the Cherokee mines,
Cherokee. Butte County, from May 7: bids
cIofp May 15. L. J. HOHL. superintendent.
PROPOSALS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County of
San Francisco. State of California Probate
In the matter of the estate of ELIZA M.
SHARP, deceased. Notice for publication of
time appointed for probate of will (C. G P
sec. 180S).— Notice Is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the 15th day of May. A. D. 1900. at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of eald court, at the
new City Hall, in the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving the
will of said ELIZA M. SHARP, deceased, and
for hearing the application of Union Trust
Company of San Francisco for the laauance to
It of letters testamentary thereon.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Dated May 1. A. D. 1900.
WM. B. SHARP. Attorney for Petitioner.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
Intention to change principal place of busi-
ness— Notice is hereby given that in pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
thirds (J-3) of the capital stock of the Ro-
wardennan Improvement Co., a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed In the office of said cor-
poration, it Is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change Its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, in the county of Santa Cruz,
State of California, said removal or change
to take effect Immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from tbe publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. California, this Sd day of May, A. D.
1900. ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON. Secretary.
LEGAL 'AUVKHTISEMEXTS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
repose of his eoul, eommendnf at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOUBERT— In Temescal.' North Oakland. May
9, 1&00, Eugene Auguste, beloved husband of
Virglnie Foubert, and father of B. Jj Fou-
bert and Marie Foubert, and grandchildren, a
native of Paris, France.
(CTThe • funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 469 Forty-eighth street, Temescal,
North Oakland.
GALLAGHER — In this city. May 9, 1900.
James G., dearly beloved eon of James E. and
Annie Gallagher, and beloved brother of Nel-
lie, Humphry, Mae, Annie. Gertrude and
Georjje Gallagher, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years 6 months and 28 days.
(ET'The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at "9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 11S1 Treat avenue, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth streets,
thence to St. Peter's Church. Alabama street,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the renose of his soul, commenclnc at 10
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
GATTO— In this city. May 10. 1900, Maria Gatto,
a native of Italy, aged 40 years.
GRAVES— In North Berkeley, May 8. 1900. Aff-
nes A., beloved wife of F. Graves, daughter of
Mrs. F. Kelly, and sister of Mamie, Frank,
John. Lulu. William and George Kelly, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 6 months
and 1 day.
$Z? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeraj services
this day (Friday), at 9 o'clock, at her late
residence, 2113 Vine street. North Bttkeley,
thence to St. Joseph's Church at 10 o'clock,
where services will be held for the repose of
her soul. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HALL-In this city, May 9, 1900, Maria E. Hall,
daughter of the late W. H. and Levlnla Hall,
and sister of Sarah Marryatt, Bailey. Frank,
Bella and the late James Hall and Mr*. J. B.
Oberle, a native of. San Francisco, aged 41
years and 3 days.
CTTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services rrom her late resi-
dence. 823 Jackson street, this day (Friday),
at 1 o'clock.
HAMILTON— In this oltr, April 8, 1300, Sarah,
beloved wife of the late James Hamilton,
and mother of James. Thomas. William and
Edward Hamilton, a native of Scotland, aged
S7 years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the pej-jora of
Castagnotto & Delmonte, 643 Vallejo street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, corner of
Fremont and Harrison streets, where services
will be held for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HEALY— In this city, May 9, 1900. Elizabeth
Healy, beloved wife of Terence Healy, be-
loved mother of Mrs. Harry Anlxter and Flor-
ence and Charlotte Healy, and daushter of
Mrs. James Sweeny, a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged 37 years.
ETFrlends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of the
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 8
and 10 City Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HENN&-In this city. May 10 1900. Franzlska.
beloved wife of WllUam Henne, mother of
Lillian and Anson Henne, and sister of Mrs.
John Utschie and Ar.son Rohde. a native of
Milwaukee, WIs., aged 49 years 4 months and
5 days.
CJ>' I'ricndls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 13, at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1213 York street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
HILLS— In this city. May 9. 1900. Jennie H.
Hills, beloved daughter of C. E. and M. J.
Hills, and elster of Fannie, Helen, Charlie
and Georue Hills, a native of California, aged
16 years 11 months and 13 days. (Rockland
and Thomaston, Me., papers please copy.)
(C7 Remains at the tuurtuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
HOBY— In this city, May 9, 1900, Lawrence, be-
loved son of. the late Thomas and Bllsa Hoey,
and brother of John A., Joseph. Kate and
Jennie Hoey, Mrs. Jeremiah McCarthy and
the late Thomas Hoey, a native of New Tork.
aged 44 years. (New York papers please
copy. )
BJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 419 Harriet street, thence to Bt. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city May 9, 1900. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Michael Ken-
nedy, and mother of Joseph and the late Mag-
Kle Kennedy, a native of Philadelphia, a&ed
45 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, May 10. 1900.
James, beloved husband of Maryaret Mc-
Laughlin, and father of John H. McLaugh-
lln. a native of County Tyrone. Ireland, aged
76 years.
(CJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at » o'clock, frpm his late resi-
dence, tfia Ellis street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a solemn requiem maas will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MACPHERSON— In this city, May 10, 1900,
Elizabeth Macpherson, sister of Mrs. H. Rey-
nolds, Mrs. E. Brelc. Mrs. L. Sims. Mrs. W.
Errison and Frederick, Edward and George
Marks, a native of San Francisco, ased 33
years.
inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MEAGIIER— In San Rafael, May 9. 1300, Aernes
Lillian, beloved daughter of James F. and
Julia A. Meagher, and sister of Alice G. and
Thomas J. Meagher, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
ETTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
S:SO o'clock, from the residence of her parents,
344S Eighteenth street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a 60lemn raqulem mats
will be celebrated for the reuose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MEEHAN— In this city. May 9, 1900. Patrick
Meehan a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
H^Triends and acquaintances and members
of Longshore Lumberman's Protective Asso-
ciation are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral this day (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of J; C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 MIs-
B ion« street, thenoe to St. Rose's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. May 8, 1800, Joseph
Patrick, beloved son of Patrick and Katie
O'Brien and brother of Mary, Josephine and
the late' Thomas, Joseph O'Brien, a native of
Kan Francisco, aged 6 years and 4 days.
ITTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his uarents. 122 Falrmount street, thence to
Bt Paul's. Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross. Cemetery.
ROYCE— In this city. May 8, 1900. Ann Royce,
beloved mother of George, and Elsie Royce
and Mrs. Flossie Schnapper. a native of
County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 69 years.
. jry Friends ajid acquaintances are respect-
fiilfv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
nt»nce 463A Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's' Church where a solemn requiem mass
win be celebrated for the repose of her soul.'
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RTLET-In this city. May » 1900, Ralph M.
Rylay Jr- Infant son of Ralph M. and ElsU
8CHUEMA>-N-In this city. May 9, 1800, Fred,
dearly beloved husband of Frederlcke Schue-
mann. father of Freddie Schuemann. and
brother of Henry. John and Blise Schuemann,
Mrs B. Koeter and Mrs. A. Atzeroth. a native
of Neumunster. Holsteln Germany, aged 47
years 3 months and 19 days. A member of
6an Francisco Bchuetzen Verein. California
Schuetzen Club. Marin County Schuetzen
Club, San Franclsoo Baker Verein and
Morse Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. F.
(ryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at I o'clock from St. Markus Ger-
man Evaneeltcal Lutheran Church. O'Far-
rell street, be-tween Franklin and Gounh. In-
terment' I O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street between Seventh and Eighth.
8CHUMACHER-In this May 10. 1900,
Ernst August, dearly beloved husband of
Frlda Schumacher, and father of Llbbie and
Clarence Schumacher, a native of Ami Cux-
haven, Germany, aged 45 years 7 months and
10 days.
STRAW— In th« City and County Hospital,
May 10, 1900. Edgar Straw, a native of Michi-
gan, aced 14 years.
TOBIN— In this city May 10. 1900, at his resi-
dence 764 O'Farrell street, R. C. Tobln, be-
loved husband of Mary B. Tobln, father of
Ethel, Alfred A. and the late R. C. Tobln Jr.,
and stepfather of Julia C. Gately, a native of
County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 61 years and
2 months. ¦
cE^Notice of funeral hereafter. . -. pt
WEGLEIN— In this city. May 10 1900, John J.,
beloved husband of Rica WeBleln. father of
Hazel and John Wcgleln, and brother of Dave
Wecleln and Mrs. Adeline Thurnauer of New
York and Mrs. Julius Hines of Baltimore, a
native Of Baltimore, aged 66 years and 6
months. (New York and Baltimore papers
PI^NoUc. y< of fnntral h.re*ft«.
ZAPF— In this city. May %. 1900 Louisa W.,
. beloved wife of Charles F. Zapf. « native of
Belolt, WIs., aged 22 years 6 months and 18
days. A member of Modern Trojans.
cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday). ¦ at 1 o'clock, from the . parlors of
the California . Undertaking Company. ... 405
Powell street, near Post. • Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by ; carriage.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DKRKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
$1350— MUST be sold at once; owner going
East; neat 7-room houee; near electric and
steam cars; enameled bath; patent plumbing;
lot 40xl26;» terms, $500 down; balance to suit
purchaser. O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FIKMTDRE FOIl SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scheilhaas, tha
furniture dealer.* 11th and , Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 79 (twenry-
flve cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the oompany. S27 Market St., on and
after Monday, May 21, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, May 15, 1S00, at 3
o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Pro Tem.MISSION LOSES A
VALUABLE CITIZEN
. Judge Webb,"* sitting in Judge Cook's de
partment ; of * the - Superior- Court, i contin
ued the; trial yesterday r . of Peter W.?Mc-
Glade for one week in order : to ' give him
an opportunity ' to : procure counsel. z There
are / several " charges of ' forgery : against
the ' def endant. " - - -
; McGlade's Trial; Continued.
Joseph M. Mooney, an ex-policeman
who did duty, at the Seventeenth-street
station for a number of years,"': was sworn
In yesterday by Chief Sullivan ; as a spe
cial officer. He> will take charge of the
district on Howard * and Mission ; streets,
between Sixteenth . and Twenty-sixth
streets, previously covered by Special Of
ficer Dennis Murphy, discharged. •/¦-. ¦¦-¦
Appointed a Special.
George C. Duncan and J. S. Bradley,'
two tough looking characters, drove off
yesterday afternoon with a horse and
wagon belonging to a butcher on Bryant
and Rltch streets while, the driver was de-
Hveringt meat at a house on Fell street
and Van Ness avenue. They drove to
Capp street, near Fifteenth, where they
took the harness off the horse and tried
to sell it at a livery stable on -.Valencia
street. The police were notified and Dun
can and Bradley were - arrested i by Po
licemen Taylor. Winiler and Cook and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
grand larceny. '^MMHJ|
Stole a Butcher's Big.
. The Supreme Court has sustained the
judgment of the lower court in the case
of A. P. Hotallng against George W. Mon
teith. Several years ago Mr. Hotaling.
now deceased, loaned Monteith J350O ; and
took a mortgage on property in Marin
County as security. The note was not
Eaid and foreclosure ¦ followed. In the
uperior Court Hotaling •_ obtained judg
ment, which the higher court sustains.
Judgment Against Montelth.
A championship cake walk contest will
be held at Glen Park this Sunday. Many
Eastern cracks of reputation will contest
for -honors against the local champions.
The walk will be held on the spacious
open air platform. Besides the slide for
life and other attractions a monster
vaudeville bill has been prepared for the
day. The I^eoni?; Dulce Sisters. Kelton,
Higglns and Kelton are a few of the stars
of a clever high-class bill.
Cake Walk «\+, Glen Park.
PALOMA'S PAPA MUST
PAY BACK ALIMONY
Father of the Talented Little Pianist
Is Cited for Contempt of
Court.
CarlF. W. Schramm, father and man
ager of Paloma 8. Schramm, the child
pianist; now appearing in concerts
throughout the State, has been cited to
appear before Judge Belcher on next Sat
urday and show, cause why he should not
be punished for contempt, of court for
having refused to pay his first wife, Jaco
bine Schramm, alimony, as ordered by the
court. Th»-re is now due : Mrs. Schramm
the sum of S45GO. „ .While she is lying ill
and practically penniless her .former, hus
band is traveling with his talented daugh
ter and her mother. ¦
Mrs. Jacobine Schramm obtained a di
vorce from Schramm several years ago on
statutory grounds and was awarded ali
mony in the sum of $30 a month. Schramm
married again and then forgot to keep up
the- alimony payment. Now- that? he is
in the city or one of the bay cities his for
mer wife/' through her attorney, Samuel
M. Shortridge, .will make an effort to get
at his box office receipts, 'that the suffer
ings of the plaintiff may; be at: least les
sened with a. few of the comforts of life.
Mme. Marie Maritano, an Elderly
. "Woman, Knocked Down by a
/ :;¦¦/';•" Car and Severely Injured.
Mrs. Marie Maritano, aged 53 years, liv
ing at 1323 Dupont street, while crossing
Market street last evening was knocked
down by car 2G6 of the McAllister-street
line and sustained a contusion of the rlghi
leg, a severe lacerated wound of the left
knee. and a wound of the scalp. That she
was not fatally injured seems miraculous.
The unfortunate woman had been visit
ing a friend on Mission street and. was on
her way home when the accident ¦ hap
pened. According to her story she was
hurriedly crossing Market street when she
was suddenly struck by the car and
knocked down. Fortunately the car was
going at a slow rate of speed and the grip
man" promptly applied the brakes. Ben
jamin . Garratt and J. M. Marceas were
passengers on the ¦ car/ and according to
their statements the gripman was not to
blame. Shortly after the accident the in
jured woman was removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where she was treated by
Assistant Police Surgeon Baclgalupl. ¦
Mrs. Maritano'a husband A met with a
similar accident * it Napa some time ago
and died from the effects of. his Injuries.
NARROWLY ESCAPED THE
FATE OF HER HUSBAND
At the End of Their Year's Labors
They Meet and Enjoy
Themselves. .
The board of directors of the Native
Sons' Hall Association sat down to a ban
quet in the Pocdle Dog Restaurant last
Tuesday night, the occasion being the end
of the fiscal year. . •
John H. Grady, Henry Lunstedt, James B.
Etovall. Frank w. Maraton, Robert H. Morse,
Eugene Gauthler Jr., Henry M. Wreden, James
D. Phelan. D. A. Ryan. Dr. H. W. Hunsacker.
Thomas B. Roche, Thomas C. Conmy, Adolph
Eberharl, Percy -V. Long, Thomaa 1J. Evans.
Jere Looney. James M. Relnfeld. Henry J.
Seitz, William Hazel. William E. Foley, G. H.
S. Dryden, . J. P. Donovan, Henry S. Martin,
David C. Martin,' Jchn F. Schrotn. Carl A.
Henry. H. G. W. Dinkelsplel. Lewis F. Bying
ton, Fred G. Norman Jr., Edward P. E. Troy,
O. H. Fergunon, Louis Nonnenmann. S. A.
White. Charles H. Buck. Joseph B. Keenan,
David Wilson, J. S. Lyons and Eugene Folsom.
Mayor Phelan as president of the board
of directors sat at the head*of the table,
while Vice President Lewis F. Byington,
Joseph B. Keenan of the finance commit
tee, Dave C. Martin of the hall commit
tee and Thomas C. Conmy of the audit
ing committee were on his right and left.
When Secretary Adolph Eberhart an
nounced during the course of the banquet
that the assets showed an excess of
$12,167 86 over the liabilities there was loud
applause. The reunion was a Jovial af
fair. . .
DIRECTORS OF NATIVE
SONS' HALL AT BANQUET
He was one of the proprietors of the
Corner Cafe at 1001 Vajencla street. He
had been connected with this business
since 1S78. As. a' business man he: was In
the front rank in the Mission. He ad
vocated, progressive measures and has
been identified with many of the improve
ment clubs organized . for . the benefit of
the section south of Market street. ¦ .- •
As a politician Schumacher was well
known. His faith In the principles of the
Republican party never wavered.; During
the many battles fought in municipal
politics his influence was often sought,
and he came to be considered a' "leader
In the party ranks. ¦¦' - - ¦ •
The deceased's circle of acquaintances
was large. He 'was prominent In frater
nal societies and .was. a member of;Ar
menia. Lodge No. 8, K.. of P. ' He was 45
years of age." ,He leaves a wife and two
children.
REPUBLICANS OF
FOURTH DISTRICT
ELECT DELEGATES
A Very Light Vote Cast . in
the Several Assembly
Districts. .
Convention at Sacramento "Will Not
Be Delayed by Contests — Brief
Session of the Republican
County Committee.
* The Republican primary election held
yesterday in the Fourth Congressional
District resulted in the choice of the fol
lowing named delegates to the State and
district conventions, called to assemble at
Sacramento next Tuesday:
Delegates at large — Joseph S. Spear Jr., Ed
J. Smith, George Alpers, Krank Koegel, D. D.
Sullivan. E. V. Eddy, Jeremiah Sullivan. Theo
dore Lunstedt, Dr. D. D. Luatlg. Charles Sonn
tag,. Frank Marlni.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— Jacob Levl
Jr., W. H. Nolan, James H. Daley, Harry Loy.
Twenty-ninth • Assjmbly . District— R. H. Wll
llamg, Alfred Broyer, ¦ James Dhue, John T.
Blake.
Thirtieth Assembly District— J. Roach. Jamea
Gilleran, W. J. Babbitt and P. E. Johnson..
Thirty-first Assembly District— M. J. McDon
nell. William Offermann, J. Mullally, William
Hart.
• Thirty-second Assembly District— C. B. Rode
George Wimmer, J. O'Shea. "
Thirty-third Assembly District— James F
Kelly, L. A. Cull. P. J. Mahoney. Charles Mc-
Murrer. J." F. Williams.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— D. L. Farns
worth, William H. Pratt, -William T. Kibbler
Alex Simon, T. J. . Morton. - S. Levy. *
Forty-second Assembly District— Charles A
McLaln, J. M. Chretien, William Gallaither*
A. Becker. George A. Boyd. *
Forty-third Assembly District— Martin Brady
Gaston Straus,* William Lyon. Emile Somps
Forty-fourth Assembly. . District— William
Fitzgerald, J. Tonnlnssen, Jules Godeau, Peter
Johnson, E. C. Kalben.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— C. R. Evans.
S. J. Robertson, D. McCullough.
A light vote was cast in the several As
sembly districts. The polls closed at 2
p. m. and the returns were promptly for
warded to the headquarters of the Con
gressional Committee.
There are several candidates for the
honor of representing the Fourth District
In the National Convention at Philadel
phia. Among them are Joseph Spear Jr..
Surveyor of the Port; T. D. Riordan, A.
Ruef, H.'l. Kowalsky md Julius Kahn.
The district convention will meet at 1
p. m. Tuesday, one hour in advance of the
time appointed for the State convention
to assemble.
There will be few if any contesting dele
gations at Sacramento. According to the
provisions of the call of the State Cen
tral Committee, contests must be filed
with the secretary of the Congressional
Committee in writing, with a full state
ment of the grounds of the contest, five
days preceding the meeting of the State
convention. All matters relating to such
contest before the Congressional Commit
tee, with • said committee's determination
thereon, must be transmitted to the Sec
retary of the State Central Committee
before noon of the 14th dav of May, 1900.
The Republican County Committee was
called to order at Shlels Hall last even
ing, by Alfred Bouvler,- chairman, but as
the roll call' Indicated the absence of a
quorum the meeting was adjourned until
May 21. Announcement was made of the
death: of Lawrence Hoey. committeeman
of the Thirty-second Assembly District.
At the next session of the committee res
olutlons in respect to his memory will b«
adopted.
REPORT RICH FINDS
NEAR ST. MICHAEL
Open Navigation From Dutch Harbor
Is Not Looked for Before
June 15.
The Alaska Exploration Company has
received advices from one of its agents in
the ¦ Klondike region ribtlfyingr.' it of a re
ported rich strike. The agent inclosed a
letter from a.' prospector at Ingluonlik
River, under date of January 11, in which
he tells of a good find on Bonanza Creek,
about 100 miles northeast of St. Michael.
The dirt will run, the prospector declares
from 20 to 40 cents to " the pan. Claims
were being taken up rapidly and other
creeks in. the vicinity at the time of writ
ing, were panning well. ,
-A private^letter f rom : the Jesse Lee
Home, a Methodist mission at Dutch Har-
JhlT'wrS^? A £ r A F'* brln * s the news that
the vicinity had had a very severe winter
and a backward ; spring, Tho hard north
trly storms had formed . large quantities
of heavy ice. and 8 the ; people -predict that
open^ navigation , will j'not be had from
,v If .this Is .-. fulfilled - a ; great
S^^h'i * o l ne ; north wlu -have
to c lay at Dutch Harbor for a ; long : time
safe navlgat'on eakinS ° f the lce *° insure
The California Schuetzen Club met last
night, but out of respect to the memory of
Captain Schuemann adjourned for a
month. . .
GENIAL Fred Schuemann, who for
several years past has been the
manager for the California Schuet
zen Club of their Schuetzen Park,
near this city, died at" the residence of
Captain Kuhls In this city Wednesday.
The deceased was a member of
nearly every rifle club en this coast, and
was known to every marksman In Cali
fornia. To his management must be
given the credit of making Schuetzen
Park the popular place which It is to-day.
He was a member of the Baker Vereln
and Morse Lodge No. 259. I. ,O. O. F., be
sides nearly a dozen rifle clubs. He
leaves a wife and one child. I He was a
native of Germany, aged 47 years. His
funeral will be held to-morrow afternoon
from St. Markus' German Evangelical
Lutheran Church. - .
George C. Pardee opposed the I views
maintained by Charles Page concerning
the fortification of the canal by the United
States. He considered it unwise and un
patriotic, to provide legislation or to rati
fy a treaty that would enable foreign
countries to take advantage in time - of
war of- a canal constructed by the United
States that would assist them to. ravage
the Pacific Coast of the United States.
England had the Suez canal open, theo
retically, to the world; but the fact could
not be overlooked that it was under the
guns of Malta and .Gibraltar. Brief re
marks were made by Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
Rev. Dr. Clampett and Rev. Dr. Hiral.
. Charles' Page spoke of the canal In its
International aspect and maintained that
it would be a breach of international
faith to pass a bill providing for the for
tification of the big ditch in the interest
of the United States, considering the pro
visions of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
F. W. Dohrmann said the opening of the
canal would bring the Pacific Coast into
keener, competition with , the East for the
trade of the islands of the Pacific and the
Orient than now exists. On the other
hand he foresaw that the products of Cal
ifornia would be brought nearer to the
markets of Europe. Great impetus to Im
migration would be given when great
steamships were starting from Kuropean
ports for California every two or- three
days. These Immigrants would bring
skill, labor and energy to the Pacific
Coast, as they had to the Atlantic coast
of the United States.
Last evening the Unitarian Club of Cali
fornia celebrated its ninth annual "ladies'
night" at the' Merchants' Club with a
banquet and speeches. The banquet* hall
was profusely decorated. The subject
principally discussed was the Nicaragua
canal from various points of view. Shel
don Kellogg presided.
quet and Debate on a national
Question.
UNITARIANS DISCUSS
NICARAGUA CANAL
Ladies' Nig-ht Celebrated by a Ban-
nin and Frank Dsffendorf Were
the Culprits.
Confirmation of the allegation that Wil
liam Cronin and Frank Deffendorf, his
companion, were the two men who com
mitted the safe robbery at the Benicia
Postofflce last Saturday night was re
ceived yesterday morning by Captain
Seymour. Ex-Postmaster F. P. Wyman
telephoned that the revolver found on
Cronin. and which Deffendorf claimed he
gave to Cronin, was the one stolen from
the Postofflce at the time of the robbery.
It belonged to him and was left in the
possession of his successor when he re
tired. The drill found on Cronin fitted
the hole in the sufe exactly. The case
will be taken before the Federal Grand
Jury to-day.
There Is no doubt In the minds of the
police that the two men also robbed
Wells-Fargo's office at San Leandro on
the night of April 30. Persons who saw
a tall young man and a shorter and older
man in San- Leandro that night will be
asked to call at the City Prison to see If
they can identify Cronin and Deffendorf.
The two men appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday on the additional charge
of Having burglars' tools in their posses
sion. Deffendorf pleaded guilty, but
Cronin put in a plea of not guilty. The
cases were continued .until to-morrow.
Additional Proof That William Cro-
COMMITTED THE SAFE
ROBBERY AT BENICIA
Dr. F S. Barnard then described "An
Unusual Case of Sarcoma." Dr. Fred
crick G; Canney followed with a paper on
•"Leucocytose«. and Dr. A. Stanley Do
lan of Ban Bernardino described a curious
case of insanity which had come under
his attention. He also showed a sample
of the patient's heart, received at the au
topsy, which was badly affected by nico
tine poisoning. It was examined with
much interest.
On account of business calls Dr. How
ard B. Gates was allowed to read his pa
per "Personal Experience With Anti
toxin in the Treatment of Diphtheria,"
and then the Bureau of Materica Medlca
and Provings was taken up. . r
Dr George H- Martin read an Interest
ing paper on "The Potency." He was fol
lowed by Dr. J. C. Kirkpatrick on "Ano
dynes." Dr. E. C. Manning of Los An
peles on "Clinical Verification." Dr. Guy
E Manning of San Francisco on "Home
opathic Tonics," and Dr. W. J. Hawkes
on "The Function of Medicine." An ex
tra paper by Dr. John W. Oberg on some
peculiarities of the Gopher plant and its
possible uses as a drug was also read in
connection with this bureau.
The Bureau of Ophthalmology. Otology
and Laryngoloey was then reached.
Glaucoma was the only disease treated of
in this bureau. Dr. Francis B. Kellogg
taking the first division of the subject
•with a paper on "Pathology and Varie
ties " and Dr. A- C. Peterson following
with a paper on "Treatment."
The Bureau of Obstetrics came next, the
discussion being opened by Dr. Eleanor F.
Martin on "Criminal Malpractice— a
Moral Plague in Our Domestic and So
fn th^Wening the doctors turned from
their more scientific laborg and took to
the pleasures of the trencher and the dec
orated table. The banquet was spread in
the maple room of the Palace. Room for
eighty was provided, and there were no
empty places. The affair was tinder the
manajrement of Dr. Charles Lewis Tls
dale of Alameda, who acted as toast
master. He proposed the following toasts,
each with an appropriate speech, end they
¦were- responded to by those named:
"Hahnemann," Dr. W. J. Hawkes ol
? Jjos Angeles; "The State Society," Dr.
! Sidney Worth of Ban Francisco: "The
I Coll ere." Dr. James W. Ward of San
{Francisco; "The Wet North," Dr. Byron,
(.aujfer of. PorUand, Ot.; "The Bunny
The Bureau of Anatomy. Physiology and
Pathology (including microscopy and his
,tology» claimed first attention. Dr. J. M.
Self ridge of Oakland the difcus
eion with a paper on The Germ Theory
of Disease." Dr. Selfridge reasoned
rather from the further end of the germ
iheorv. He was not willing to accept it
as fully as It Is advanced in these days,
.and he believed that germs were as often
¦ the result as the cause of the disease.
The election of new members was part
of the morning's work, and resulted in
augmenting the society roll by twenty
eight. Those admitted were: Dr. W. E.
Lfdyard. Dr. Arch Coombs Hart. Dr.
Ethe'.htrt Petrie Jloyle. Dr. Burritt New
ell Dow, Dr. Ida B. Cameron, Dr. Joseph
G. Crawford. Dr. R. H. Clement. Dr. Jo
seph S. Brooks. Dr. Laura B. Hurd. Dr.
OverendE. Rose. Dr. M. E. Van Meter and
Dr. E. L. Battell of San Francisco; Dr.
iG. M. Dlxon and Dr. H. W. Wagner of
Sacramento. Dr. Eliiot D. Curtis oi Wood
land, Dr. Charles D. Shinnick and Dr.
Frederick W. W. Hulme of Oakland. Dr.
John W. Oberg and Dr. Jennie E. Barron
of Berkeley, Dr. Elizabeth Jellings of
Alameda, Dr. John S. Hunt of Santa
Monica, Dr. Thomas G. Mc<"onkey of San
• Diego, Dr. Archelaus Don Hines and Dr.
William S. Van Dalsen of San Jose, Dr.
John D. Chaffee of Garden Grove and Dr.
John A. Callon of Auburn.
The Homeopaths rushed through a great
deal of their programme yesterday, and
were all ready for the banquet in the
«>ver:in£ — a substantial meal enlivened by
bright Fpeech^s and pleasant company.
Second Day's Session, of the State
Sod€ty Mingles Science and
Pleasure, Instruction and
Sociability.
Homeopaths Read Papers
All Day and Banquet
at Night.
DOCTORS FORGET
PILLS TO HONOR
THE JOLLY GOD
FRED SCHUEMANN
HAS PASSED AWAY
South." Dr. E. C. Buell of Los Angeles:
"The Ladies." Dr. E. C. Manning of Los
Angeles; "The Gentlemen," Dr. Eleanor
Martin of San Francisco; "The Journal.
Dr. William Borwick of San Francisco;
"State Institutions," Dr. A. Stanley Do
lan of Patton. Cal.; "Homeopathic Lit
erature," Dr. H. R. Arndt of San Diego.
The menus were works of wit and art.
Thev were got up by Dr. Tisdale and
served as keepable souvenirs of the occa
sion.
boce for commander of the regiment. He
referred to the services of Colonel Duboce
in the islands and said it would not only
be an act of kindness and courtesy but
an act of justice to place him at the head
of his old regiment. Colonel Duboce has
declined the honor and it is a certainty
that he will not accept the active position,
but it was deemed titting that it should
be conferred upon him and it was done.
Captain Connolly nominated Captain
O'Neill for lieutenant colonel. It was ex
pected that Boxton. lieutenant colonel of
the volunteer regiment, would be nom
inated, but he was not. It was expected,
too, that Tilden, a major in the old com
mand would be in the fight, but he was
not. O'NeiUwas the only one In the run
ning and the 'secretary cast the ballot for
him.
The majors were elected separately.
Lieutenant McGurren nominated Captain
John F. Connolly. There was no opposi
tion and he was elected. Captain Warren'
then nominated Captain George Filmer,
and he went through ¦without opposition.
Captain Thomas J. McCreagh was nomi
nated by Captain Filmer, and he too was
elected without opposition. It will proba
bly be decided that the majors shall hold
rank according to length of service, which
will keep them in the order in which they
were nominated.
\\ hen Duboce was nominated Captain
Filmer and Captain Sutllffe were named
as tellers, but SutlifTe immediately declin
ed. He eaid that the election was illegal
anyway, because the necessary ten days
had not elapsed since the notification. His
protest was disregarded and he asked
that the secretary be- ordered to make
i note of It. Lieutenant Curzons was ap
einted a teller in his place.
After the election the new officers were
ailed upon for speeches. Then Lleuten
mt-Colonel Boxton and Major Tilden
=poke. and General Warfleld in response
to a request addressed the officers and
expressed his hope that the regiment
would soon become an honor to the
Guard. An attempt to make Boxton. Til
den. Smith and Slme honorary members
of the regiment went over to the next
officers* meeting.
An election in Company K resulted In
the choice of T. J. Cunningham, the ex
captain, as captain, and First Lieutenant
E. D. Flnley to his old position.
An election in Company H made !*>u!e
F. Guedet first lieutenant of the com
pany.
THE field officers of the First In
fantry, National Guard California,
the successor of the old First Cali
fornia Volunteers, were elected last
evening in the armory at Page and Gough
streets. There was no excitement and
whatever heartburnings or bitterness rose
out of the election was k««pt under the
surface.
The new. officers are: Colonel, Victor D.
Duboce, commander of the old volunteer
regiment when it returned from the Phil
ippines; lieutenant colonel. Captain
Thomas F. O'Neill; majors. Captain John
F. . Connolly of Company A, Captain
George Filmer of Company B and Captain
Thomas J. McCreagh of Company D. All
the officers, elected have served with hon
or with the volunteer regiment.
The programme was decided upon in a
caucus of the officers held just before the
meeting convened. Lieutenant Colonel J.
G. Gelstlng, assistant adjutant general on
the staff of General Warfleld, presided.
Captain O'Neill nominated Colonel Du-
Gray got Into the buggy with Mrs. Lent,
intending to drive her safely to her home.
His ability to hold the horse when he was
on the ground was greater though than
when he was in the buggy. The frantic
animal had not been entirely subdued by
Gray's valorous efforts and when that
gentleman and Mrs. Lent got into the ve
hicle the beast again became unmanage
able and started on a run toward the con
servatorv.
Park policemen who had finally arrived
on the scene gave chase and after the
horse had knocked down a bicyclist they
managed to capture him. Mrs. Lent then
got into George Knight's, buggy and was
taken home by him. Another man got
into Mrs. Lent's vehicle with Gray and
the two succeeded In driving the crazy
horse to the stable.
The man who was run over is Jeremiah
Geary of 306 Guerrero street. Drs. Bun
nell and Roche found that he had simply
sustained some bruises and he was sent
home. •, . -
Mrs. Lent is confined to her bed as a re
sult of the shock incident to her beinsr
thrown out of the buggy.
animal dashed away across the green
sward.
The horse had run about 100 yards, with
people scurrying to get out of the way,
when it struck an old man who was not
quick enough to get to a place of safety.
He was knocked senseless and a crowd
gathered around him at once, it being
thought he was dead. Some of the people
present raised him up and laid him under
the shade of a bush. He was subsequently
taken to the City Receiving Hospital.
After running over the old man the
horse continued on to the children's play
ground and dashed up the sloping em
bankment by which it is surrounded.
Here the buggy was overturned and the
two ladies thrown violently on to the
lawn.
At this point a hand was taken in the
affair by IX C. Gray of 107 Powell street,
who ran in, grabbed the horse's bridle and
for a time stopped his mad racings. It
was found that neither of the ladies was
hurt, but Miss Lent was so badly fright
ened that she could hardly stand and was
sent to her home at once In a carriage.
These two ladies were watching the polo
game being played by the Burlingame
teams, when the music discoursed by the
band caused their horse to become res
tive. Mrs. Lent, who was driving, tried to
<juiet the bsast, but he continued to fret
and finally commenced to plunge. Mrs.
Lent held him down as long as she could,
but her strength finally gave out and the
In a single bug-gy to which the animal
•was attached were seated Mrs. George H.
Lent of 2320 Wa?hington street, wife of
the real estate dealer of that name, and
her sister-in-law. Miss Fannie Lent, of
C3S Polk street, daughter of William M.
Lent, the capitalist.
• r ~HREE people had a narrow escape
i from berlous injury l f not death
!{, through a runaway In the park yes
terday, and ft took nearly the whole
force of mounted park policemen to
finally round up the runaway horse and
get him quieted down into a mood that
would permit of his tx»ing driven home.
Jeremiah Geary Injured by a Runaway Horse in the Park.
Captain Thomas F. O'Neill, Major of Volunteers, Chosen
Lieutenant Colonel ; Captains Connolly, Filmer and
McCreagh Made Majors Without Opposition.
Court Commissioner Heacock and As
sistant District Attorney Wood- i
•worth Wipe Out a Native
Son.
Hong Fun, an alleged native of the
United States, came up before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock yes
terday for examination in habeas corpus.
By the time Assistant United States At
torney Marshall B. Woodworth and the
Commissioner got through with him and
his witnesses the Mongolians were un
certain whether Hong Fun was born In
the Palace Hotel or on a kopje in the
Transvaal.
The Commissioner ordered Fun remand
ed to the custody of the United States
Marshal and will recommend to Judge de
Haven that the coolie be deported.
This was a difficult case, the petitioner
being among those who had not been re
quired to make a statement on board the
steamer on which he arrived from China,
but skillful cross-examination, guided by
a thorough knowledge of the Chinese
penchant for mendacity, won the day and
Fun cannot have a vote.
ANOTHER YELLOW LIAR
EXPOSED IN COURT
i ¦¦¦.*. ."- f *
The steamer Coptic is scheduled to re
turn to China at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
She has on board more than 400 Chinese
coolies, many of whom have no right to
admission to the United States. A ma
jority of the Mongolians on the Coptic
came here with 'the understanding that
the Chinese ring in this city still possessed
its remarkable influence, and that landing
in the United States was a mere formality
to be finished in a few days. The expose
made by The Call has made the traftic in
Chinese hazardous and to a marked de
gree precarious. The members of the
ring are acting with more caution than be
fore, and it is not likely that they will
appeal to the Federal courts to prevent
many of the coolies from being sent back
to China at the expense of the Pacilic
Mail Steamship Company.
Unless some definite and immediate ac
tion be taken by the Federal officials these
400 Chinese merchants, students, tourists
and native sons will be marched from the
ship to the detention shed on the Mail
dock, there to remain indefinitely. Once
in this shed boarding house of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company these Chi
nese will be visited by their friends and
coached in the perjured testimony which
is designed to win them a landing in thu
United States. Paid agents of the Chinese
ring will be allowed to visit these men
contrary to law and tell them what they
shall do when they appear for final ex
amination.
Does Collector of the Port John P. Jack
son intend to permit these 400 Chinese to
land in San Francisco, or will he order
them back to China? Will he allow the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company to in
crease its illegitimate revenue to the enor
mouse extent of $6000 a month?
-If Collector of the Port John P. Jackson
permits these hundreds of Chinese to land
from the Coptic it will be Interesting to
watch what fiction will be taken by-
United States District Attorney Frank L.
Coombs, whose duly It is to see that
aliens are not illegally landed at this port.
There are now in the detention shed at
the Mail dock scores of Chinese who ar
rived here on the China, Doric and Nippon
Maru. Under the fiction of the law these
Chinese are "temporarily" but not in
definitely detained on the dock. It is a
matter of public interest to know how
long these Chinese are to remain on the
dock a. menace to the city and its people.
The departure of the Coptic to-day there
fore will be significant in indicating the
condition of the Chinese traffic in San
Francisco after an exposure has been
made.
Collector Jackson and United States
T>istrict Attorney Coombs Have
Power to Prevent the
Mongolian Influx.
Hundreds on the Coptic Are
Waiting to Crowd Into
the Mail Sheds.
CHINESE EAGER
FOR THE SIGNAL
TO LEAVE SHIP
DUBOCE ELECTED COLONEL
OF NEW FIRST REGIMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
Man Dashed Sense
less and Ladies
Have Close Call.
SCARED BY BAND FRANTIC
HORSE RUNS MADLY IN PARK
12
LATE E. A. SCHUMACHER,
ft==3 ARNST A. SCHUMACHER. a
p 13 prominent- business man and poli-
I } tlcian of the Mission district, died
yesterday morning at his home, 20
Hill street. He was a native of Ger
many, but has been In San Francisco for
the past thirty years.
The New Commanders of the First Infantry, N. G. C.
THE LATE FRED SCHUEMANN
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$3 50 men's vlci kid shoes for U 60 at the
Beehive Shoe Company, 717 Market *t. • *
SECOND DAY'S SALE
At 11 A. M. and I P. M..
AT
TO-DAY,
FRIDAY MAY Hth,
FINEST PERFECT ANTIQUE
...AUCTION...
SELLING WITHOUT RESERVE OR LIMIT
AT YOUR PRICES.
START AT ANY FIGURE, EVEN* AT ONE
DOLLAR. AND IT .WILL BE SOLD TO
THE HIGHEST BIDDER.
MUST REALIZE CASH
On This Delayed Consinnment
AT ANY SACRIFICE.
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
A. W. LOUDKRBACK. Auctioneer.
Goutor Rheumatlsm.lfon the ttrst approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse w^^^
edy : then, a tingle dose U often sufficient.
K. * Olti lillA * CO.. S0.30 ». William 3— V.*-
REYNOLD'S
". Dr. yw. H. • Mays resumed • practice .1116
Butter,- cor. Larkln ; res., Hotel Granada.*
g Waists 1
y@*j 1 Reduced fc!3
YjA $8.50 valors this week R|S
ypj 5*5>5u feS
\mp\ An early call will allow a »^|
lfy& better selection Colorings k^J
y&jA > Q white and pastsl shaies. raji
k9 I. MAGNIN & CO. H
Yj4\ 840 Market Street, k\^
JfiJTA Ovz>- Fourth. Rtt