CHEERS FREE STATERS
AND ARRAIGNS BRITONS
PRETORIA, April 2.— ln his speech at
the opening of the Free State Raad, Pres
ident Steyn declared in spite of the sur
render of Bloemfontein he had not lost
hope of the triumph of the republican
cause. The war, he said, was forced upon
the Transvaal, and nothing remained for
the Orange Free State but to throw in Its
lot with its little sister republic In accord
ance with the terms of the treaty. The
war,'' he continued, was begun with the
object of maintaining. with arms the In
dependence bought with the blood \qt the
forefatheVs of the nation and had' been- bo
to any conference between him and Gro
ver Cleveland. William C. Whitney or any
other political men of prominence were
answered with the same phrase: "I earn a
here to attend the concert."
DEWEY'S RELATIVES
SAY HE'S A REPUBLICAN
BURLINGTON, Vt.. April s.— Hon. Red
fleld Proctor, "projector," or one might
say. godfather of Dewey's infantile Presi
dential "boom." which was launched im
mediately after the admiral's return from
Manila, and all the relatives and frlenda
of the admiral were thrown Into constern
ation and a condition bordering on panic
when they read their hero's announce
ment: "I am a Democrat."
"Land sakes. we all thought he was a
Republican." declared these good, pious
New Englanders. It is reported quietly
that they will hold a meeting and decide
upon a line of conduct.
When Admiral Dewey came home last
fall the appearance of a Dewey boom
for President was seen at Montpeller on
the same day it was recognized at Wash
ington. The Hon. Redfleld Proctor, then
with Dewey in the Capitol of his native
State, would not deny his interest in and
for a Dewey boom. The Dewey family 13
for the G. O. P., and Dewey, though never
an active voter, It is held, cannot logically
depart from inherited political traditions.
He cannot be anti-expansionist, when hia
own deeds gave the first impetus toward
expansion. Certain it appears to be that
the convention on the ISth will be sur
passingly interesting.
IVNDON. April 6, 5 a. m.— The War Office Issued no news yesterday, and little was allowed to come through from the
correspbnde&ta at Bloemfontein. According to the Standard's representative, there Is no sign that the Boers Intend taking
the offensive. General Clements is so disposing his forces as to guard against any surprise attack, which, although im
probable, is evidently not regarded as impossible, judging from the preparations of Lord Roberts.
As usual, whenever there is any check in the progress of the British campaign the War Office is being severely cen
cured for failing to maintain the necessary supply of remounts for the army. It is possible Ix>rd Roberts has difficulties
other than mounts with which to contend. Much anxiety is felt as to the water supply, despite the statement cabled homo
that there is no fear of a water famine.
Whatever the reasons may be. considerable dissatisfaction is beginning to be expressed here at the unaccountable de-
Jay, both at Bloemfontein and in Natal, which enables the Boers to recover from the demoralization caused by Lord Rob
erts' former rapid movements. The enemy now evidently hope to retard the advance by threatening the railway behind
Lord Robcrt>. So far as the Natal railways are concerned repairs are being made beyond Elands Laagte, and the Idea so
often repeated, is that an advance is Imminent.
A dispatch to the Daily Telegram from Ladysmith says that the Boer investing positions* reveal immense strength
ingenious construction." and immunity from the British shrapnel and lyddite fire. A dispatch from Ladysmith to the Daily
Chronicle giv*s s< rious ne.ws of the outbreak of a deadly lung sickness among the oxen, which, if it spread's, is likely to
cripple General Buller"? operations. i %
From Ix)v:rf:nzo Marques comes the report that Mr. Steyn has been appointed commandant of the. Free State forces
Although Colonel Plumer Is reported to have got within six miles of Mafeking. it is evident that the se'ige < had not
been raised or. April 1. Toward the end of this month Colonel Plumer will be reinforced- by the troops now going by wav of
Beira, so that reik-f cannot be far distant. J
T ON DON ', April 5. — A special dispatch -from Lorenzo Marques says sharp -fighting occurred on
/ April 2in the neighborhood of Mafeking. The garrison made a sortie while Colonel Plumer's
cavalry attacked the Boers at Ramathlabama. Both attacks were repulsed. Twenty of Colonel
Plumer's men were found dead on the field and six others were made prisoners. The Federal
losses were small. .'¦
PRETORIA, April 5. — In the fight of Ramathlabama the following were taken prisoners:
Captains Crew, Duncan-Robatson and McLaren (Crciv and Duncan-Robatson have since died) ; Staff
Officers Cecil and Granville and nine officers, of whom six were zvounded. The prisoners all belonged to
Colonel Plumer's Rhodcsian force. Thaba Nchu is now in possession of the Federals. Forty-one
British subjects were escorted across the border this morning.
The above picture, taken from the London Graphic, shows the Schatz Vek avenue end of the new military prison at
Waterval, some eight miles from Pretoria, on, the Delagoa Bay Railroad, where the greater part of the British prisoners
Jn the bands of the Boers are confined. At the first the racecourse at Pretoria was sufficiently large to accommodate
non-commissioned officers > and privates of the prisoners— those taften at Dundee. Nicholsons Nek and Stormberg— but as
the numbers Increased from time to time a larger place was found necessary, and this new prison camp was estab
lished, where nearly 3000 men are now confined, the rest being still at the racecourse. The officers, of whom there are
nearly 200. are at the Model School in Pretoria. The quarters at Waterval consist of long sheds of galvanized iron. The
whole inclOEiire is surrounded by a strong barbed wire fence and well guarded by sentries, mostly men above middle age.
According to the Graphic the prisoners are very appreciative of the kind treatment accorded to them. For a while they
were fed on the rations captured at Dundee, and later have had the same rations as those Issued to the families of the
burghers who are at the front. The mortality in these two camps is exceedingly small, a strong contrast to that among
the Boer prisoners at Simonstown.
PHILADELPHIA, April 5.— The Inquirer prints the follow
'JL ing:
FOR PRESIDENT— GEORGE DEWEY.
FOR VICE PRESIDENT— GOVERNOR THEODORE
ROOSEVELT.
Such is the ticket planned by Mrs. Dewey, the only person wJio
up to date has shown any inclination to assume the management of
the admiral's campaign.
It is stated on good authority that the wife of the admiral pro
posed the idea to a sister of Governor Roosevelt during a recent
visit to New York, and picturing to her the wave with which such
n^ticket would sweep the country, asked her to persuade the Gov
ernor to consent to such an arrangement.
WILLING TO RUN ON INDEPENDENT TICKET.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. April 5.—
Satisfied from the expressions obtained by the Herald from national committee
men that his nomination by the Democrats at Kansas City is unlikely. Admiral
Dewey stands willing to run for the Presidency on an independent ticket. This
was made clear by the statements of the admiral to his friends this morning be
fore he left the city, but he has declined for the present to make a public dec
laration to this effect. Since his announcement as the people's candidate he
has, in conversation with friends who desired to know his politics, stated that ho
is a Cleveland Democrat. In conversation with a caller this morning he declared
that he had never voted in his life, and had no decided political views until Mr.
Cleveland's last nomination. He was then so strongly impressed with the man
and the platform adopted by the Democratic party that he was tempted to go to
his home in Vermont and cast his vote for Mr. Cleveland. He was unable to do
so, however, because of his official dutfes at the time.
Admiral Dewey has admitted to frlenda that he was encouraged to enter the
race by a group of, sound money Democrats.' Some members of the Cleveland
Cabinet and other men Identified with the Palmer ticket of 1596 are understood to
be supporting the admiral's candidacy. Their plan is to prevent Mr. Bryan from
obtaining the Democratic nomination at Kansas City, if possible.
The main object of Admiral Dewey' s candidacy is to defeat McKinley. The
admiral resents certain events which have occurred for which he holds the Presi
dent and his political advisers responsible. The admiral believed that Senator
Hanna feared the possibility of his becoming a rival of McKinley, and he thinks
he has proof by the attitude of the Ohio Senator with reference to the invitation
extended to him to visit Cleveland and Chicago. While the admiral probably
will admit he is not much of a politician, communications he has received from
all parts of the country make him confident that Senator Hanna and President
McKinley have excellent reasons for fearing the effect. The admiral's hostility
to the administration, therefore, may be accepted as one of the factors which de
termined him to become a candidate for the White House. Admiral Dewey would
prefer the nomination by the regular Democracy at Kansas City. £hould this be
conferred on him he would look for a platform similar to that of the sound
money Democrats, brought up to date by the insertion of planks deallnsr with
expansion, the status of the new dependencies, the pacification of the Philippines
and other questions which he thinks the people. would like him to express.
Those who favor the admiral breaking away, from the regular parties believe
that the result would be that he would draw more votes from McKinley than
he would from Bryan. Practical politicians here appreciate that the full effect
of the admiral's announcement of his candidacy cannot be estimated until the
views of the agricultural communities of the Northwest, West and Southwest
are learned. In these regions hero-worship is slow to disappear and the' senti
ment among the farmers may count for a great deal in reducing the vote upon
which McKlnley's managers are depending. Had the admiral announced imme
diately after his return from Manila that he would be a Presidential candidate
he would have had a respectable following, perhaps at Philadelphia and cer
tainly at Kansas City, and the farmers would undoubtedly have largely con
tributed to his support. They still have final voice, however, at the polls next
November and they may then be heard from in support of the naval candidate.
Were the election to take place at this time, when the farmers are indignant at
the administration and Congress for their policy toward Porto Rico, it is likely
that many of the radical Republicans of the- northwestern prairie States would
rather cast their votes for an Independent candidate than for McKinley, who
has failed to observe what he declared was his "plain duty."
There is no doubt that the. Republican managers have considered this aspect
of the matter, and while they may not be willing to concede the fact, they are
undoubtedly worried at the probability that as an independent candidate Dewey
may be able to dig a pretty deep pit for Republican prospects.
RUSSIA AND JAPAN
PREPARING FOR WAR
Port Arthur Being Filled With Supplies at
Panic Prices, While the Mikado Calls
Out Naval Reserve for Service.
(T* HANGHAI,^ApriI jj.~The ominous preparations of the
Russian and Japanese War Departments continue. The Rus
sians arc making strenuous efforts to fill Port Arthur with
grain, even at panic prices, and are importing quantities of wheat
from. Northern' China. Japan has called out her naval reserves for
service during'the approaching maneuvers, when the entire Japan
cse fleet zvill be .engaged.
AN ENCOUNTER ON THE' HIGH SEAS.
VANCOUVER. B. C. April s.— Advices from the Orient state that the war
toward which Russia and Japan are believed to be drifting was almost precipi
tated by an Incident which Japanese officials have vainly endeavored to sup
press. On March 21 a Japanese battleship encountered a Russian cruiser in the
neighborhood or Hakkaldo. Without any warning the Russian discharged a tor
pedo against the battleship, but missed aim and the Japanese ship escaped un
hurt, but before, returning fired several shots at her assailant.
A report comes from Ncwchwang that the Russians are working day and
night on the railway in order to complete up to the Amur as soon as possible;
that the chief, engineer has gone to Peking to try to arrange for the purchase
of the Imperial Chinese Railway, and that Ylngkok (Newchwang) will be pro
claimed a Russian possession in the spring. The forts are being repaired, which
command the entrance to the river, which were destroyed by the Japanese.
DEWEY'S WIFE NAMES
A NATIONAL TICKET
Ambitious Better Half of the Admiral
Selects Roosevelt for Her Hus
band's Running Mate.
DEWEY NOW SAYS
"I AM A DEMOCRAT."
PHILADELPHIA, April s.— The second
and last orchestral concert in aid of the
families of the soldiers and sailors who
were killed in the Philippine Islands was
given at the Academy of Music this even-
Ing. The overshadowing feature of the
occasion was the presence of Admiral and
Mrs. Dewey, who came from Washington
for the purpose of lending their aid to
the concert by their attendance.
At the Bellevue Hotel, after the con
cert Admiral Dewey granted an inter
view to nearly a dozen newspaper men.
He said he was glad to receive the re
porters, but added that he had nothing
to say. At this, moment Mrs. Dewey
joined her husband in the reception-room
and after Introducing her he said: - * j
"Mrs. Dewey will talk," to which sho
replied, with a smile. "The admiral has
a mind of his own: he thinks for himself.**
"Are you correctly reported • to be a
Democrat?" the admiral was raked, and
after a moment's hesitation he replied:
"Yes. I think I can answer that. Yes,
I am a Democrat."
"If the Republicans nominate McKin
ley and the Democrats nominate Bryan
for the Presidency would you run inde
pendently?"
"I won't answer that."
"The Democratic convention of Penn
sylvania has Just indorsed Bryan for the
Presidency." was suggested by one re
porter, to which the admiral replied:
"Pennsylvania usually goes Republican,
doesn't it?"
Several Questions in auick succession as
COLLINS JUMPS FROM
A MOVING TRAIN
Seattle Bank Bobber Bisks His Life
to Gain a Few Minutes'
Liberty.
ROSEBURG, Ore., April 5.-John Col
lins, the Seattle bank robber, while In
charge of Deputy Sheriffs McLeod and
Brown, entered a Pullman car toilet
room, near Union Creek, last night, cut
the bell cord, and Jumped off shackled.
The train had run three mHes before the
guards t could signal to stop. They re
turned to Union Creek and captured Col
lins under a section-house.'
CHINESE VERY HOSTILE
TO ALL FOREIGNERS
Instigated by Russian Suggestions,
Make Trouble for the British
1 vK on the Frontier.
VANCOUVER, April 5.-Oriental papers
state that Chinese official enmity toward
foreigners Is being specially directed
against British citizens in China, Insti
gated, it is said, by Russian suggestions,
the Chinese have lately been especially
troublesome on the Burmah-Chinese fron
tier, where a medical officer and an as
sistant Commissioner were murdered. A
story is brought by the Empress of Japan
from Yokohama to-day of a series of ad
ditional Chinese raids on the Burmah
boundary, culminating In a battle between
500 Chinese and seventy-rive military po
lice under District. Superintendent, Hertz
of Rangoon. ¦
The Indian military police, with forty
Gurkahs, attacked the main .body of the
Chinese, killing eighty-four and capturing
euns. Jinsals and banners. The Chinese
ness was changed to bright daylight and
a Dutchman looked over the trucks. For
hours we did not move and were cramped
and stifled by the heat. The following
morning to our intense delight the truck
was coupled to a goods train and we soon
crossed the line into Portuguese terri
tory.''
Captain Haldane added that he and
Lieutenant Le Mesuerier hoped soon to
Join their regiments and face the Boers
again. The two officers show traces of the
hardships they have endured, their long
hair and unshaven faces being particular
ly noticeable. - ¦
INCIDENTS OF THE
SIEGE OF MAFEKING
MAFEKING, March 23.-There has been
little excitement during the past week.
The Boer shell fire comes in fitful gusts
and has little effect. The British casual
ties are almost nil. The Boers seem to
be breaking up their main laager west
ward, but have taken up an intrenched
position northward with the view of pre
venting the approach of relief. The
sharpshooters keep up a steady inter
change of fire. It is rumored that relief
is near.
The usual" Sunday truce enabled the gar
rison to continue playing cricket matches.
M. Shete, a native chief southward, has
broken out against the Boers. There was
heavy firing in the direction of his chief
kraal March 22. I
An Irish-American trooper of the pro
tectorate has deserted the British. A re
ward of £5Q haß been offered for his. cap
ture, dead or alive.
mandant de »Wett sent the British guns
wagons and prisoners to Winburg.
PLUMER MADE SOME
VERY RAPID MARCHES
GABERONES, Bechuanaland. Wednes
day, March 28.— Colonel Plumer, with a
force of British) mounted infantry, started
on a daring march Sunday, March 25, with
the object of threatening the Boer lines of
communication. After two rapid night
marches through Transvaal territory they
arrived at dawn March" 27 within twelve
miles of Zeerust and distinctly heard the
bombardment of Mafeking. Having rec
onnoitered the country with the view of
future operations without sighting a sin
gle white man. Colonel Plumer crossed
the railroad south of Lobatsi, which he
found in possession of a Boer force, and
returned. Then finding the railroad hence
damaged by General Snyman's main force
he returned to the vicinit>' of Mafeking.
Rumors reach* here that a relief column
is approaching Mafeking from the south.
ADVENTURES OF TWO
ESCAPED BRITISH OFFICERS
LONDON. April s.— Further details
received from Lorenzo Marques in regard
to Captain Haldane of the Gordon High
landers and Lieutenant Le Mesuerier of
the Dublin Fusiliers", who 'recently ar
rived, after escaping from Pretoria, en
countering perilous adventures on the
way. show that their experiences Were
similar to those of Winston Churchill, the
war correspondent who also escaped from
Pretoria in December last. Hiding in
swamps during the day time, having nar
row escapes from Boer patrols and tra
versing 100 miles of country, Captain Hal
dane and Lieutenant Le Mesuerier at
length reached Waterval Cover, in the
South African republic, where they hid in
an open railroad car, covered with tarpau
lins. Continuing the narrative of their ex
periences, Haldane said:
"At daybreak, to our delight, the train
moved off. After eight hours we arrived
at Koomatlpoort. but were dismayed by
the switching of our truck to a siding,'
while the remainder of the train moved
on into the promised land, only a mile dis
tant. -After half an "hour, to our great
consternation, we heard' some one unfas
ten the tarpaulin of the truck, the dark-
BRITISH DELAY GIVES BOERS TIME TO RECUPERATE.
BOERS CAPTURED
IMPORTANT PAPERS
BRANDFORT, Orangi Free State,
April 2:— Burghers who are returning
from the scene vt the Sanr.as-Pcst am
buscade (also reierred to as Karee and
Korn Spruit) furnish interesting details
of the occurrence. It appears that when
the first retreating British^ wagon en
tered the drift the ambuscaders shouted
"Hands up," removed the officers and let
the cart through. This process was re
peated several times until the wagons ar
rived !n a bunch and the ruse was dis
covered, and a disorderly fight followed.
In one cart were two officers, to whom
Commandant de Wett shouted "Hands
up." One of them obeyed, whereupon the
other Ehot his comrade dead, refused to
surrender and was immediately shot.
The burghers lost three men killed and
ten wounded, including a field cornet.
Among the wounded was the Dutch mili
tary attache Nix, who received a bullet in
the chest. Altogether the Boers cap
tured 353 prisoners throughout the day.
Th? significance of the battle must not be
underrated. It was fought by a force of
Free Staters on the flat plains and withpuf
j-helter. The Free Staters are now de
sirous of marching <m Bloemfontein. and
the Transvaal officers are anxious to
tinulate the late successes of their allies.
All the Southern Boer forces have now
formed tinctures with the main Boer
army and form a large force of veterans.
Perhaps of greater importance* even
than the victory was the capture of
British Fcerot papers, including maps and
plans of 1977. 18SS and 1833, outlining elab
orate fchemf-s for the invasion of the
Orange Free State, and Transvaal and
giving a plan for reaching Johannesburg
from M&fcking along Dr. Jameson's
route, amended so as to avoid his mis
takes. Another gives a plan for the
march from Bloemfontein to Kroonstadt.
Advices from Vlntnersburg. Pritska and
Kenhardt show the colony is full of
rebels. The Kenhardt rebels are march
ing on Oalvinia, and others are on their
way toward Fourteen Streams. A dis
patch box was found at Sannas-Post'con
taining the oaths signed by the Free
Staters who surrendered. The signers
have boon sent for In order that the gen
eral may explain the invalidity of oaths
under compulsion.
The burghers, who were previously
short of food, now have plenty. Cozn-
NEW PRISON CAMP AT WATERVAL, NEAR PRETORIA.
MRS. GEORGE DEWEY, the Ambitious Wife of the
Admiral.
successful that it had- caused the greatest
wonder throughout the world and even to
the Boers themselves. .,
After paying a tribute to the memory
of General Joubert/ President Steyn said
that the British, notwithstanding their
overwhelming numbers, were violating
the flag of truce and_ the red cross, and
he was compelled to report the matter to
the neutral powers.
The President further remarked that
the attempt to create dissensions among
the burghers by the issuing of proclama
tions had failed. Referring to the cor
respondence between the South African
Presidents and Lord Salisbury. President
Steyn proceeded: "Not only were those ef
forts made but the republics had dis
patched a deputation to Europe and
America to bring the influence of neutral
powers in order to secure a cessation of
the bloodshed, and I greatly desire that
these efforts bo crowned with success."
After saying that the government had
raised a temporary loan with the Trans
vaal, President Steyn concluded with a
prayer that the Free State be preserved
from being forced to give up Its dearly
loved Independence.
BATTLE IS FOUGHT
AT BOSMAI KOP
LONDON, April 6.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
"General Clement's division, 6000 strong,
has arrived from the southward and has
encamped .flvs raHe? .north' yt tfce^city,
"after a continuous march for a fortnight.
There is no danger of a water famine
here.
"An unimportant engagement lasting
several hours was fought yesterday after
noon »at Bosmai Kop, between the Boer
and British outposts.
"At a meeting of the Army Temperance
Association Monday Lord Roberts made
a speech, urging the soldiers to join the
dub. He eulogized their splendid work,
adding that the entire army had been
members of the association while along
the Modder River, as water was all they
had to drink and sometimes there was
very little of that."
ARTILLERY FIRE HEARD.
LONDON, April 6.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Times, telegraphing
Wednesday, says: "The Boers showed in
some force yesterday, with three guns,
toward Bushmans Kop. Detached groups
skirmished up to our outposts, but this
morning shows that the enemy desire to
sweep further around to the right of
Bloemfontein. Early to-day artillery fire
in the south was audible."
DEATHS AMONG PRISONERS.
LONDON. April s.— ln the House of
Commons to-day Mr. Wyndham. Parlia
mentary Secretary of the War Office, re
plying to a question relative to the Boer
prisoners at Simonstown, said the deaths
ashore far exceeded the deaths on board
ship. He added that 2fXK> additional Boor
prisoners would be dispatched to St.
Helena forthwith. - »
NOT SALISBURY'S SON.
LONDON, April s.— lt is thought the
officer named Cecil captured at Ramath
labama is not Lord Salisbury's son. Lord
Cecil. The dispatch says he belonged to
Colonel Plumer's forces, and if the Boers
had captured the • Premier's son they
would assuredly herald the fact.
JAMESON VERY ILL.
CAPE TOWN, April s.— Dr. Jameson,
the leader of the famous raid Into the
Transvaal territory," has arrived here. He
is very ill.
leader was among the killed. Six of the
British forces, including two officers, were
wounded, only one being seriously hurt.
The scene of the battle was eight miles
on the Burmah side of the frontier.
On March 8 three bluejackets from H.
M. S. Woodcock, cruising on the Yangtse.
went for a walk among the villages north
of Shas:hl and lost their way. They were
set upon by the villagers, chained to the
ground and flogged. They were then con
demned to be beheaded, but were rescued
with great difficulty just as the death
sentence was about to be enforced.
MRS. VACCARI AGAIN
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
Started to Leap From the Roof of Her
Boarding-House, but Was
Caught in Time.
NEW ORLEANS, April s.— Mrs. Vac
cari, wife of the Italian doctor from San
Francisco, both of whom attempted sui
cide yesterday, made another attempt to
kill herself to-day, seeking to leap from
the roof of hrr boarding house. She was
caught In time.
The money and jewelry belonging to the
couple have been deposited in a bank by
the Italian Consul, who has had them
sent to a private insane' asylum.
?
NETHERSOLE IS FOUND
NOT GUILTY BY THE JURY
Very Probable That the Interrupted
Scenes of t "SaphoV. Will Now
Be Resumed.
NEW YORK, April 5 —Miss Olga Neth
ersole and Hamilton Revelle, actors; Mar
cus R. Mayer, manager of Miss Nether
sole, and Theodore Moss, manager of
Wallack's Theater, were to-day found not
guilty of maintaining a public nuisance in
presenting the drama of "Sapho." The
charge to the jury by Judge Fursman of
the criminal branch of the Supreme Court
was highly favorable to the accused, and
the jury were only out twelve minutes.
It Is announced that the Interrupted sea
son of the play in this city will be re
sumed. -
MRS. DEWEY'S FAITH IN
ADMIRAL'S POPULARITY
Spfdal Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON, April 5. — A'dmlral
Dewey was influenced, to declare himself
as a Presidential candidate at this time
by an idea, which Mrs,. Dewey shared
with him, that it was only necessary for
him to express a willingness to be Presi
dent and that he would sweep into the
White House on a wave of popular enthu
siasgi.
The criticism growing out of the ad
miral's marriage and the transfer of his
house proved a temporary damper, .but
he soon began to receive letters from all
parts of the country— from men, many of
them without great political influence— in
which the writers named him as their
choice for President.
The admiral also felt that he had not
been treated just right by the administra
tion and was quite willing to make the re
election of President McKinley less prob
able. Then came the Southern trip with
enthusiastic receptions at every stop along
the line nnd many references to the Presi
dency. Encouraged by the attitude of the
anti-Bryan men, it is said, he believed he
could stampede the Kansas City conven
tion and go into the campaign as a reg
ular Democratic nominee. - ¦ . "-.
Politicians regard his nomination by
either party as out of the question, but in
some quarters it is thought possible that
he may yet be taken up as a third party
candidate, with the hope of drawing the
support of the gold Democrats. and of such
Republicans as are dissatisfied with the
administration for any cause.
'¦¦"-,". ~ ¦•: ty'' m ¦
QUAKER DELEGATES
INSTRUCTED FOR BRYAN
HARRISBURG. Pa.; April s.— The sixty
four delegates from Pennsylvania to the
National Democratic Convention in Kan
sas City were instructed by to-day's State
Convention to support W. J. Bryan for
President. They are bound by the unit
rule and cannot change to any other
Presidential aspirant unless It be so de
cided by a majority, of the delegation.
The platform strongly Indorses Bryan's
candidacy; .denounces the war policy of
the McKinley administration and advo
cates numerous State reforms. The fol
lowing ticket was nominated: ,
Auditor General, P. G. Meek of Center
County; Congressmen-at-large. Harry E.
Grimm of Bickes County, N. M. Edwards
of WUliamsport: electors-at-large. Gen
eral A. F. Cofroth of Somerset, Otto Gei
mer of Erie. Francis Shunk Brown of
Philadelphia, Andrew Kaul of Elk.
' The platform begins with a demand for
a careful and thorough revision of the
tariff and declares in favor of such duties
only as are necessary for an economical
administration of public affairs. It de
mands the removal of all duties which
protect trusts. Faithful enforcement of
the anti-trust act of IS9O Is demanded and
opposition to what is termed the imperial
ism of the present administration is an
nounced. Home rule for the Filipinos un
der the protection of the United States
is favored. It is demanded that the army
be withdrawn from Cuba and that Con
gress observe the pledge made to that
people. Free trade for Porto Rico is also
demanded.
WOODRUFF INDORSED.
ALBANY, N. V., April s.— The Republi
can Senators In 'caucus to-day Indorsed
the candidacy of Lieutenant Governor
"Woodruff for Vice President.
In the Engagements Twenty of Colonel Plumer's
Men Are .Found Dead on the Field, and a
Batch of Officers Made Prisoners.
BOERS REPULSE COMBINED
ATTACKS NEAR MAFEKING
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII-XO. 137.
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLHeart Pains*
Palpitation, fluttering or irregu
lar pulsations, choking sensa-
tions, shortness of breath,
smothering spells, fainting -or
sinking spells, dropsical swell-
ings of feet and ankles, all
come from a weak heart. The
only safe and reliable ..'medicine'
for weak hearts is^ Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure. It nevor fails, to
benefit when taken in time: .
• "I was taken •with severe pains In my
heart, followed by palpitation and smoth-
ering spells so severe that I could not lfe
down to sleep. After doctoring for eight
months I began taking Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure, and when I had used five bottles I
was cured." .
MRS. ELIZABETH VOIGT,
. Terre Haute, Ind.
Dt. Miles'
Heart Cute
Is* sold at all druggists on a positive
guarantee. Write 1 for free advice and
booklet to /¦...-.. X
Dr. : Hiles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
jumped the wide road from Kahului to
Kula and burned a" field of cane on the
opposite side. ¦
* •
JAPANESE MOB FORCES
SURRENDER OF PRISONERS
Hawaiian Officers Compelled to Free
Men Whom They Had Ar
rested for Gambling.
HONOLULU. March 30.— An Asiatic up
rising occurred at Pa'auhau plantation on
.March 17. Eight Japanese had been ar
rested for gambling. Three of them
bailed themselves out and then went
to look for money to bail out the
others; but soon after they had gone out
the camp was aroused and gathered to
rescue the prisoners. Between 100 and 2uO
Japanese, armed with cane knives and
clubs, forced the police to free the pris
oners and to return the bail money. The
money found on the gamoling mat was
also surrendered.
CLEVELAND IN PORT.
Disabled Steamer Finally Reaches
Hilo Safely.
HONOLULU. March 30.— Word reached
here this morning that the disabled
steamer Cleveland arrived at Hilo March
28. The distance of 4UO miles was made
under sail in ten days. All aboard are
reported well.
HONOLULU IS
NEARLY FREED
OF THE PLAGUE
Only Two New Cases Have
Been Reported for Some
Time.
Dr. Cannichael cf the Marine Hos
pital Service Still Objects to Re
moval of Restrictions on
Inter-Island Traffic.
»
HONOLT'H:. March 30.— Two cases of
plague were reported on the 25th. Since
that date no cases have appeared. One
r>f the victims was h Japanese fisherman;
the other was a white man named John
Hurlry. It is learned that Hurley's last
«mr>loynunt was as a guard at the in
fectf-d Btablea in Iwilei, and it is br-lieved
that he contracted the disease at that
place. Another th«»nry Is that the plague
csine from r"hin«sp food, which, it is n.\
l*»gf>4. the man frequently used. The for
mer theory, however, seems most plaus-i-
At a recent meeting of the Board of
Healthj th<> committee on shipping filed a
report apainsi th* 1 removal <if restrictions
on !nt<T-lF!and traffic, and the report was
unanimously aonpted. There was a
preater ihan ordinary reason for adopt
ing the report. This was an objection to
reopening traffic by Dr. Carmirhael, head
of the marine hospital service. When in
formed of the proposed action of the
board, Dr. Carmlchael replied that if
there was any slackening of freight regu
lations he would report to his departmera
That he considered any cargo from the
Hawaiian Islands a source of danger.
This would embarrass if not check th*
landing of sugar at £an Francisco or New
Vnrk.
There is hop* for the hundred or more
men who want to ge.t away from here by
neerage.. The Australia on. her next trip
¦will probably take the steerage passen
gers who have, taken the prophylactic
treatment and complied with other re
quirements.
Dr. Carmlehacl has decided that in view
of the recognition r.ow given the prophy
lactic treatment as a preventive remedy,
effective for from thirty to forty days,
he will give permits for Ftecrag<> passage
to perrons wishing to go that way who
take the prophylactic strum, are in good
health, have their baggage disinfected
and are otherwise under sanitary condi
tions.
W. M. Giffard for the Oceanic Steam-
Fhin Company says that unless he receives
orders to the contrary before her next
hailing, the Australia will take steerage
passengers who take the treatment and
otherwise comply with the requirements.
GREAT CANE FIELDS
ARE SWEPT BY FIRE
Over Five Hundred and Thirty Acres
of the Hawaiian Sugar Com
pany Destroyed.
HONOLULU. March 30.— A disastrous
rane flre swept over 530 acres on the Ha
waiian Commercial and Supar Company's
plantation nn the 20th. A thousand men
were engaged In fighting the flames. In
the early morning a field of traeh had
been burned and had been carefully
•watched by the managers and others un
til it was supposed all danger was over.
Several hours after this the adjacent field
of Ftandinp ran** was seen to be on fire.
Af the wind had increased to half a pale
rffortB to stop the fire were of no avail,
and but about fifty acres of cane to the
extreme windward were paved. I^anes
were cut and back firing was resorted to,
fcut the fire had started on the rast side
and the strong northeast wind drove the
lire ahead with Irresistible fury. It even
canal, Mr. Morgan replied that tho neu
trality provisions only extended to the
three-mile limit, and not a place so dis
tant as Jamaica.
Fortifications of outlying possessions, he
said, wore constantly going on and the
good faith of no nation could be attacked
because of them.
During the controversy Senator Wol
cott asked several questions indicating his
opposition to the amendment, while Sena
tor Mason by the same course indicated
his opposition to the treaty without the
amendment. Neither of them, however,
made any affirmative statement.
At the close of Senator Morgan's speech
the Senate returned to the consideration
of legislative business, no one else being
prepared to speak r>n the treaty.
WASHINGTON. April s.— The naval ap
propriation bill was to-day reported to the
House by Acting Chairman Foss of the
Naval Committee. The amount carried
by the bill is $31,219,916. the largest ever
reported to the House from the Naval
Committee. Aside from this _the report
which accompanies the bill is remarkable
for its array of facts regarding sea power
the world over, foreign naval programmes
and the comparative strength of the na
vies of the powers, accompanied by col
ored charts showing the upbuilding of
various greai navies." ' : •
Under the head of "Naval Programme"
the report sets forth as follows as to new
ships:
For the purpose of further Increasing the
naval establishment of the United States the
committee recommends that the President be
authorized to have built by contract two sea
going coast line battleships carrying the heavi
est armor and most powerful ordnance for ves
sels of their class upon a trial displacement
cf about 13,500 ton* and to have the highest
practicable speed and greatest radius of action,
and to cost, exclusive of armor and armament
not exceeding $3,600,000 each: three armored
cruisers of about 13.000 tons trial displacement
carrying the heaviest armor and most powerful
ordnance for vessels of their class and to have
the highest practicable speed and greatest ra r
dlus of action, and to cost, exclusive of armor
and armament, not exceeding $4,250,000 each;
and three protected cruisers of about SOOO tons
trial displacement carrying the most powerful
ordnance for vessels of their class and to have
the highest speed compared with good cruising
qualities and great radius of action and to
cost, exclusive of armament, nipt exceeding
$:\BOO.OOO each. • ,
The maximum cost of the ships herein au
thorized, exclusive of armor and armament,
will be $28.350. 000. This is the largest naval
programme ever submitted by the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the House and Is in ac
cord with the wishes and recommendations of
the Secretary of the Navy and Adirjrn' Dew»-v
nnd will, we believe, meet the just demands
of nubile sentiment. The past yeur in na\ul
construction has been marked by the most lib
eral naval programmes on the part of all for
eign nations. At the present time there lh
pending In the Reichstag of Germany a naval
bill which. If passpd. will Increase the tonnage
of the present German navy 422.WJ0 tons, a
larger tonnage than that of her present navy.
As to armor plate, the report tells of the
futile effort to secure armor at $300 and
$}'PI, and says:
The battleships Maine. Ohio and Missouri,
now In process of construction, require 7,3,*>9.42
tons of armor, or £453.45 for each vessel. It
Is believed by the committee that these battle :
ships of nearly 13.M0 tons displacement, the
largest In design which have ever been placed
by the Navy Department, should have the best
obtainable armor and accordingly your com
mittee recommends that the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized to contract for such armor
at a cost . not to exceed $545 per ton. The
best obtainable armor at the present time ia.
according to all naval authorities, the si
called Krupp armor, which Is, at least, and
has been so proven by ballistic tests, of 25
per cent greater efficiency than the Harvey
\zfi\ armor. Every ration in the world Is
using the Krupp armor to-day. - Your com
mittee believes that It is little short of dis
loyalty to recommend any other than the best
armor for these battleships to' be placed be
tween the bodies of our officers and men and
the bullets of the enemy.
Under the last naval appropriation act Con
gress authorized the construction of the three
battleships— Georgia. Pennsylvania and New
Jersey, and three armored cruisers— West Vir
ginia, Nebraska and California, "but inserted
a provision therein as follows:
"That no contracts for the armor for any
vessel authorized by this act shall be made
at a rate exceeding $300 per ton of 2240 pounds,
including royalties, and In no cas« shall a
contract be made for the construction of the
hull of any vessel authorized by this act until
a contract ha* been made for the armor of
such vessel."
Your committee recommends that this re
striction be removed and the contracts he
authorized no that the construction of the hulls
of these vessels may go on without further
delay.
One of the most Interesting features of
the report is that which discusses "Our
naval policy." It gives the gradual up
building of our new navy year by year
under Secretaries Chandler. Whitney,
Tracy, Herbert and Long, and says:
We have a navy to-day which Includes a
considerable number of vessels of every class
and. shlf> for ship. It will equal that of any
navy In the world.
Seventeen years ajto we had practically no
facilities for building ships and what we had
were discredited. VVe were obliged to buy our
armament and armor and even in one case
our plans from foreign countries. To-day we
are not only building: ships in American ship
yards, of American material, by American
labor, on American plans for ourselvef, but
also for some of the leading nations fit the
world. Such has been the advance which has
been made In naval progress in our country.
The question may be asked what shall be
our future naval policy. Let us build as we
have been building— gradually, on broad lines,
and upon the most advanced Ideas of naval
JONES ARRESTED
AND EFFECTS SEIZED
Police Say They Have Sufficient
Evidence to Convict Him of
Running a Lottery. .
Accused Man Puts on a Bold Front and Says
That His Arrest Was an Outrage, as He Was
Conducting a Legitimate Business.
CHICAGO. April 5— D. H. Jones, who is '¦
f-A\6 to have oprratrd a lottery under th<* j
puise of a loan company during tiie p:ist |
ion years, was arroste<l to-night by Pc- ;
tectivfs Wonlri'lge. FarrMlv an<l 110 \
Roche. Jones' oflioe in r-H>m l^lo Masonic ,
T^rr.ple was invade<l by the offioerF. aii«i
they carried away a large amount of the.j
j'ri?oner's offeotfj. These t!i«*y say will bo ;
used to prove Jews has boen operating a j
lottery on the "pot rich ouiok" pl^n In- i
of doing legitimate business, as I
Jc'rses declares he does. The Guaranty
I-oan an<l Trust concern, according to tho j
detectives, is nothing "more r.or loss than I
a lottery which has been prohibited by j
the polie* 5n several cities.
Jones' 'Fcherr.e. according to the piliee, i
was to sMI "certificates." A large fjnan- j
tity of thrse certificates was taken by j
the police. Jones has occupied offices in
the Masonic Temple for three years and j
his n.ail business h*s been very large, al- L
thourh loiterlf s are rapposed to be under j
the l^n of the postal authorities.
The office of Qeorpe H. Kissam. 1215
Dearborn street, is a branch of Jones' :
concern, and several days ago a clerk
there informed the Inter Ocean th.it Mr.
.T.-in^s looked after the business of that :
office during the absence of Klssam in
the Kast. j
JcTies said aft or ho had secured b'>rj<ls
for his appearance in court to-morrow: ¦
"I am willing to go into court and fi^'M :
this thing out. I v.ns arrested in <.'hiia?o
in I$9S and acquitted. My business Is "'«•- :
Ultimate and th»» raid on my office >s an ¦
outrage.™
The police take a different view, and !
say the following letter found among his !
rfiecu will be offfred in proof of the lot-;
tery charge:
rv»r fir: Please *evA m* s' me printed mat- !
\(T «n1 rules in rppar<l t« the 'Junranty !><-<sn ;
nn.l Truft Company. a.f I think I can handle j
FOfM ticket*. I have o»rUfi<al» No. V*."ll for]
.'anuary. ISOn. I have not 6*<:n this list jet. !
I'ut hipe it isa winner.
The letter is dated Corneaut. Ohio.
A circular found in Jones' office is as (
fo'lowe:
In repgrd to nurotvr« wlthiut location you |
uri<iprFTan<s your tiuMn<»sf= and kn>w th» Mrin- '
ffM law*. In a'ljMFtinc wotam Ot our larg* ,
l>u?in«>F*i it Iw-amo talked aW.it to sun 1 ! an :
extent that it attracted the attention »f xhe
officials, and ar. ir.veftigatioii U now eroing ,
rrt. h«>nr* the n«-r»seity of our hewing; in !
every direction in order to protect oun-flv*!!, i
r\ir buf=itT<*s.« and our correyiwndfntf. You ht* j
en intpllig-er.t bastaen man tn<l will appre- •
t iatf the situation.
The police declare that copies of thi« j
circular were found in .Tones' office al- !
ready prepared for mailing.
CALL FIRST EXPOSED
METHODS OF JONES
T'ntil .The Call supplied the farts, as a
result of investigations in this rity con
ferning the sohfme of Jones and PkanckV.
this precious pair permed likely to have a
!<>ngr term undisturbed. Once, years ago.
they were raided in this city, but nothing
r:imo of it. Since then they have been ar
r"sted in Boston aixl were fined and Jones
was sentenced to a term in prison. But
Jones was not scared by the police nor by
the postal authorities. It has ¦- been
karnwl during the past few days that
Postal Inspector' Erwin of this city hail
occasion to look up Jones' record about
two years aso. There was no doubt that
he was then, in company with Skancke.
carry Inp on a lottery business, but Postal
Inspector Krwin was not able to find any
one In his jurisdiction to arrest ap a re
sponsible party. The scheme was simp'.e.
Bonds it?r»* advertised, but the whole
scheme was a lottery. To evade arrest the
greater part of the correspondence was
carried on through the exprein company
and not by mail.
To give the concern a semblance ot
financial responsibility several "agencies"
were advertir^d. in San Francisco, which
was said to !¦<* me "home office." in Aus
trulin. in i'hirapo. In New Vnrk ar.rt in
Honolulu. The pearrh of The Call re
sulted in Hf=rertaininK thf» fact that all
th^se agencies are Fliarns and that really
tru-re lt< no agency in San Francisco or
Honolulu and that probably there is none
in Melbourne. The sum or JT.i.OOO per
month hn.s been taken from the gullible
public by Jones and Skancke every month
for some limp and a great share of tht.«
went into the pockets of Jones and
Skanrko. letters have b<vn received in
this city lately addropsed to the Guaranty
Loan and Tn:st Company that were pent
b.iok to Chicago, where Jones made his
headquarters, and by his direction. Slncp
the expose appeared !n The Call It has
been learned that Jones was preparing to
c»me to Ban Francisco soon, having
heard, in some way. that an investiga
tion of his swindle was in progress here.
How he heard this is a mystery, but there
is no doubt that he knew it. The circular
found in Jones' Chicago office is proof
that some one in San Franrisco had noti
fied him of the pending investigation car
ried on by Call reporters.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMMENSE AMOUNT
FOR THE NAVY
Appropriation Bill Reported to the
House by the Chairman of the
Naval Committee. •
Recommends the Appropriation ot $si,^iy,yio,
the Largest Sum Ever Asked For, and
Specifies the Ships Needed.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
'druggist* refn'nd the money If It rails to cur*.
£. \v. Grove't tijj-naturu Is on each box. SSc.
FOR
NOME BEACH DIRECT!
BAIIKENTINE CATHERINE SUDDEN SAILS
APRIL IS. 1900.
For freight rate* apply to tha
NOME BEACH LIGHTERAOE AND IRANJ.
PORTATION COMPANY
O£flc«: 4 CaUlorola at.*
MISS SAMPSON AND
ENSIGN CLUVERIUS WED
Culmination of a Courtship Which
Began at the Wedding of the
Elder Miss Sampson.
BOSTON. April s.— For the third time in"
thirty years there has been a wedding In |
the commandant's house at lYie. Boston I
navy yard. Rear Admiral Sampson is the
commandant and his daughter. Miss Nan
nie, is the bride. Her husband "Is Ensign
W. T. Cluverius, U. S. N. The wedding,
for which 1500 invitations had been issued, !
c.ccurrcd to-night..
The .wedding is the sequel of a very
pretty little -romance. Some months ago j
Ensign Cluverius got shore leave to at
tend the wedding of the elder Miss Samp
son and H. H. Scott at Glenrldge, N. J.,
and foil in love with the bridesmaid. Miss
Nannie, otherwise Mips Hannah Walker
Sampson. He was an usher at the church
ceremony. Their engagement was an
nounced two months later, just before
Cluverius sailed for Manila on a Govern
ment transport from New York.
Miss Sampson is the third child of the
admiral and a very charming, sensible
girl. Her mother doubted the truth of
the engagement when It was first an
nounced by the impetuous lover, for it
had been agreed between the young
people to keep it a secret. To settle the
matter she telegr^ihed to her daughter,
who was then at and received
a reply that the story was true. "
With the function to-day all of Admiral
Sampson's four daughters have been mar
ried to Southerners, three of them In the
navy. ' ¦¦;¦¦.'¦
Republican Conventions.
NEW YORK. April s.— Republican con
ventions to elect delegates to the Phila
delphia convention were held In Greater
New York in seven Congressional dis
tricts. In five of the districts the delega
tions wore uninstructed'. while in the Thir
teenth and Fourteenth districts they wero
Instructed for McKinley. The delegates
fleeted are Llspenard Stewart. Frank H.
Platt. Frederick S. Glbbs, General How
ard Carroll, Charles H. Murray, John
Habln Smith. George Hlllyard, George R.
Rhfldon, James* W. P^rry. Edward I^au
terbach, Jycmuel E. Qulgg, John Eisen
wpb*>r. General Francis • W. Greene,
Franklin H. Smith, Cornelius N. Bliss and
Charles A. He3S.
Molina's Sentence Commuted.
SACRAMENTO. April s.— Governor Gago
this afternoon commuted the sentence of
Ypabel Molina, sentenced -.to be, hanged
Friday next, to life Imprisonment. . Mo
lina was convicted ol a murder at Bakers
field in 1596. A majority of the members of
the Supreme Court had Interceded with
Governor Gage in behalf of the condemn
ed man.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Pensions Recently Granted, Postmas
ters Appointed and Other
News. .
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON. April s.— The following
pensions have been- allowed: California-
Original— William H. Wheeler, dead, Cas
tella, $S; James O. Clark, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles. $12.
Renewal— William H. Ench, t'lem
ents, $6.
Increase — James M. French, Fresno
City, $8 to $10; George H. Gale. Los Ala
mi tos, $S to $10.
Original widows, etc.— Gertrude B. Wll*
kinson, Los Angeles, $20.; Mariette Wheel
er, Castella, $8.
Washington— lncrease— Henry V. Swain,
Walla Walla, $8 to $12.
Oregon— Original— Philemon D. Morris,
Raleigh. $8.
Jeremiah Rockhold has been commis
sioned postmaster at Crescent, Washing
ton.
Postmasters appointed: California-
William M. Wilson, Maybert. Nevada
County: Mary N. Ryherd, Tahoe. Placer
County; Elizabeth Swerer. Tuttletown,
Tuolumne County; B. I>. Mansfield, Wy
andotte, Butte County.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson has rec
ommended to Chairman Wadsworth. of
the House Committee on Agriculture, In
response to Representative Waters, that
20,000 copies of a treatise on peach leaf
curl be printed for distribution as a mat
ter of great Interest and importance to
peach growers. A resolution providing for
the printing will probably soon be, Intro
duced.
The amendment to the Hawaiian bill
relating to Chinese exclusion, as finally
agreed upon by the California delegation
and accepted by the chairman of the Ter
ritories Committee having the bill in
charge, provides that Chinese in Hawaii
may obtain certificates of residence with
in one year after the act takes effect, and
until the expiration of said year shall not
n»* deemed to be unlawfully in Hawaii If
found there without such certificates, pro
vided.no Chinese laborer, whether or not
he holds a certificate of residence, shall
be allowed to enter any State. Territory
or district of the United States from the
Hawaiian Islands. .-V' ,
It 1r probable that an amendment will
be adopted providing for a commissioner
from Hawaii to the United States instead
of for a Delegate in Congress, and that
some provision will be agreed upon which
will practically debar Hawaii from ever
becoming a State.
Among the Treasury decisions published
to-day is one in a letter from Assistant
Secretary Spauldlng to the Collector of
Customs at Eureka, Cal.. approving the
bond of the Humbomt Steamship Com
pany as a common carrier of appraised
merchandise. . .
Major William H. Arthur, surgeon
United States army, has been assigned to
duty as medical superintendent of army
transport service at San Francisco.
SAYS HE NEEDED NO
LICENSE IN SAN MATEO
James Hurst, a San Francisco Hack
Owner, Applies for a Writ of
Habeas Corpus.
Special Dlspitch to The Can.
REDWOOD CITY. April 6.— Judge Lorl
gan of San Jose, sitting for Judge Buck
in this city, this morning heard arguments
in the Hurst habeas corpus proceedings
and took the matter under advisement.
James Hurst, the petitioner, Is engaged
in the livery business in San Francisco,
and also rents out hacks. He was ar
rested for running a hack in San Mateo
County without a license, although the
vehicle was licensed in San Francisco. A
fine of $100 was Imposed upon him. and he
refuses to pay this and applies for a ha
beas corpus writ to secure his discharge.
In his application for the writ he states
thai his place of business is San Fran
cisco and not in San Mateo County: that
the hacks complained of were hired in
San Francisco and conveyed people to and
from a cemetery in San Mateo County
without doing any direct business in San
Mateo County. He claims that as he
never had. a place of business in San Ma
teo County nor rented hacks to persons
across the line it is not necessary for him
to take out a license.
A decision on the case Is anxiously
awaited, as it will affect almost every
hack owner in San Francisco.
GENERAL SNYMAN, BOER
COMMANDANT AT MAFEKING
This Daring
Leader Is Now
Giving British
Commanders
a Great -Deal of
Trouble in the
Attempt to
Relieve
Mafeking.
SIXCE General
C r o n j c's de
parture to take
command of the
Boer forces oppos
ing Lord Methu
en's advance to ?he
relief of Kimberley,
the double duty of
maintaining the in
vestment of Mafc
king and fighting
off the attempts
to relieve it ha«
devolved upon
General Snyman. a
man but little
known outside of
his own country
prior to the break
ing out of the war.
General Snyman
has just given new
evidence of his
watchfulness an d
ability as a com
mander by again
beating off Colonel
Plumer's relief col
umn from Bulu
wayo and at thf
same time repell
ing a sortie made
by the brave and
indefatigable gar
rison under Colonel
Baden-Powell.
CANAL TREATY
DISCUSSED BY
THE SENSTE
Three Hours Spent on the
Subject of Forti
fications.
Davis Supports the Hay-Pauncefote
Agreement, Saying Neutrality ,
Is the Best Plan for This
Country.
WASHINGTON, April &.— On motion of
Senator Davis the Senate to-day con
sidered the Hay-Pauncefote treaty for the
modification of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty. About three hours were spent in
discussion of the amendment to the
treaty made by the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations, providing . that "none
of the conditions and stipulations 4n sec
tions 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 cf article II shall
apply to measures which the United
States may find it necessary to take for
securing by its own forces the defense
of the United States and the maintenance
of public order."
Senator Davis opened the debate with
a general statement in support of the.
treaty, but devoted his remarks espe
cially toward the explanation of the com
mittee amendment. He stated that In all
other essential respects the pending
treaty was similar to the treaty of Con
stantinople, entered into in connection
with the Suez canal. For some reason,
however, the provision permitting the
United States to defend its property*was
omitted. In the Suez canal treaty such
a provision was inserted in the interest of
the Sultan of Turkey and the Khedive of
Egypt. This omission was a palpable er
ror Mr Davis said, and he =did not be
lieve that the people of the United States
would be satisned with any arrangement
which left the Government of this coun
try to build a waterway between the
oceans and not give it the right in specific
terms to defend it. --i- "¦ .
Senator Morgan, the only member of
the Committee on Foreign Relations who
did not concur in the amendment, made
the principal speech* in opposition to it.
He consumed the greater part of the ex
ecutive session. Mr. Davis' speech being
comparatively brief. Before Mr. Morgan
began, however, a few brief statements
were made for and against the amend
ment. Senator Platt of Connecticut and
Senator Stewart of Nevada both came out
against the amendment. Mr. Platt made
the point that the amendment was un
necessary • and therefore undesirable.
Senator Lodge made a brief plea for the
amendment, saying that however great
the present confidence was in the power
of neutrality and mutual understanding
among nations, we should take into con
sideration the possibility of the future
entanglements and lose no opportunity to
make provisions for safeguarding our in
terests in all exigencies that might arise.
Senator Morgan's speech was a plea
for neutrality as the best guar
antee of the safety and useful
ness of the canal. He said It was
to be a highway for the commerce of the
nations and that the proposed amendment
not only would fail to provide for its pro
tection, but might be the means of caus
ing complications which never could arise
If the amendment were not inserted. The
conditions, he contended, were entirely
dissimilar from ihose connected with the
Suez canal, Turkey holding possessions In
the immediate vicinity of that canal, and
the United States having no such posses
sions within thousands of miles of the
proposed Nicaraguan canal. He therefore
thought the restrictions superfluous and
contended that it Indicated. a disposition
to grant to Great Britain powers over us
which that country did not attempt to as
sert. Furthermore, ho contended that if
this amendment was inserted it would re
quire not only fortifications and the main
tenance of troops at probably both ends
of the canal, but also the maintenance of
battle-shlpH, coaling stations and supply
depots in that vicinity. The provision was
calculated in times of emergency to make
the termini of tho canal great battle
grounds and to invite complications -with
other nations, which would be avoided Jn
casp of the maintenance of absolute neu
trality. He contended also against the
adoption of the amendment as a precau
tionary me.vure, arguing that in case of
war we would take possession of the
canal without any previous agreement to
that effect.
"If," he said, "I should get Into a fisti
cuff with another fellow and he should
strike me.l would certainly strike back
without stopping to read any previous
agreement that I might have with my an
tagonist to the contrary. ; In case of a
war we would most certainly assume that
the other nation to the controversy had
broken the agreement and act accord
ingly."
Asked by Senator Mason, if 'he thought
It would .be consistent r on , the -part s of
Great Britain to fortify. Jamaica and still
prevent our fortifying the mouth of the
FINE SHOES,
830-832-834 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
Take a Step Forward?
BE UP TO DATE and WEAR
LATEST SPRING STYLES.
POPULAR PRICES.
construction: not so fast that we will be ahead
of ihe advance of naval progress, but slow
enough -to secure all the benefits of new im
trovements and nf\f Invention)":" or. better still,
to do as the American navy has always done,
when givon an opportunity. t<j lead the march
of the best naval construction found. ¦
The more Important items in the tJill in
addition to those given are:
Contingency fund, necessary to meet ur
gencies constantly arising in view of the un
nottled .conditions In our insular possessions,
to be expended In the discretion of the Presi
dent. Wio.WO: ordnance.. *1.7i)5.500: equipping
vessels. $;.600,000: surveys, and coaling stations
In Insular possessions,, tafln.OOO.
For public works at various points under the
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
• F'ortsmouth. $36*,000; Boston, $$8fi.300; 'New
York, fU3OO,2ftO; League Island. $033,500; Wash
ington. $414,102: Norfolk. $466,500; Port Royal,
KST.CtW; Key West, $37,000; San Juan, £2. COO;
Pensacola. *9500: Algiers. $145,000: Mare Island
(Including a .provision for barracks). $053.200;
Puget Sound. $2C«,lfis: dredging Dry Tortugas.
$100. 0C0; drydook, Algiers. $650,000; four dry
docks. $900,00 i); repairs and preservation,
$500,000.
The naval academy items aggregate
$577,500. In this is included $350,000 to begin
the erection ot. a building suitable for
cadet quarters at a cost not exceeding
$2,500,000.
Provision is made for the restoration of
the title of "midshipman" and the abol
ishment of the two years' course at *>ea.
A new provision has been inserted pro
viding for an increase of five surgeons and
twenty passed assistant surgeons in the
navy, and it is provided that the assist
ant,.surgeons who have made a creditable
record during the war with Spain, now in
the volunteer service, may be given per
manent commissions without limitation as
to ape.
The items for steam engineering Include
new machinery plants at Mare Island,'
Algiers, Honolulu and San Juan. The
amounts in detail for the increase of the
navy are: .
Construction and machinery. $12,740,639;
armor and armaments, • $400,000; equip
ments, $250,000. \
In providing for new battleships and
cruisers the following 1 provisions are
made:
And the contract for the construction of each
of said vessels shall be awarded by the Secre
tary of the Navy to the lowest most resrxiniii
ble bidder, having In view the best results
and most exr>pditious delivery, and not more
than two of the vessels herein provided for
shall b* built In one yard or by one contract
ing party, and in the construction of all said
vessel! all the provisions of the naval act of
March 3, 1539,- shall be followed; and. subject
to the provisions hereinafter made, two and not
more than two of the aforesaid vessels shall
be built on or near the coast of the Pacific
Ocean or in the waters connecting therewith:
provided, that if It shall appear to the satis
faction of the Presiilrnt from the biddings for
such contracts when the same are examined
by him that said vessels, or any of them, can
rot be constructed on or near the coast of the
Pacific Ocean at a cost not excepding 4 per
cnt above the lowest accepted bid for the
other vessel* provided for In this act. he shall
authorize the construction of said vessels, or
either of thpm, elsewhere In the United States,
subject to the limitations as to cost hereinbe
fore provided.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1900.
SPECIAL SALE
T/f/3 WEEK ONLY!
LADIES' BOX CALF LACE SHOE 3. Kew
Coin Toe, regularly $3.00 ; $—13
GENTS VICI KID LACE SHOES. Welloslev
Toe. regularly WOO #5.«.»
MISSES' GLAZED KID. Cloth or Kid Top.
button Shoes, regularly $1.73 ;fl__t)
BOYS' CALF BUTTON SHOES. Round Toe.
regularly $2.50 .f 1.70
ALL AEOVE NEW, FRESH STOCK.
A FtTLt. ASSORTMENT OF LATEST STYLES
FOR GROWN FOLKS AND LITTLE
SEE PRICES IN WINDOW.
WHY NOT
Sd»s^CHEl»*«a Glwt. Sp.rmmtorrhmt
dgSWtiiltoiiij*. \i "bitei, unnatural li*>
B5nS& Gunnud gj rhargo*. or any inflamm*.
Wiffi cot to sfftatvo. tion, 1 irritation or u.cer»>
mitilM. tion ot mnoom mci».
If^l'-HESma CHtM'Cn Ca br»ae«. Uoo-««trln««nfc
Wgn cixamn.o SSS2I Sold tty **"*«*«»».
wa c.t. a. "j&sT i T fent la pUIn w "pp«.
I Csps I
H We picture herewith a cap which usually sells for 50c.-. |J
HI It contains the same qualities of a cap that sells for |<|
9 The fact that .we make the caps from remnants Xl
m enaßles us to sell them for • Ixl
|3J All colors in smooth and rough finished materials. j§j
bS Out-of-town orders Med. Send us your size. fc'rj
B 718 Market Street. H
MDNYON'S INHALER
!?_]§ CATARRH
.^ £^§X* Colds, Coughs,
#s*<fi3^S&»!. t Ha y Fever » Bron-
Asthma
1^^ and al * Diseases
w ol the Throat and
Clouds ef Medicated Vapor are InbaTml
through the mouth and emitted from the r.r.s-
trtl*. clesflslng and vaporizing all the Inflamed
and diseased partu which cannot be reacted by
Eediclne taken Into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals the rmo
places— lt goes to the seat of disease— lt acts a-i
a balm and tonic to the ichal* system— J l.oo nt
druggists or sent by mail. 1506 A rch St., fhila.
: Cleveland I
I Bicycles:
X S4O and 650 X
+ — -. • +
X LEAVITT & BILL, X
X 309 Larkin Street, S. F. ?
+ 20 San Pabto Aye., Oakland. X
DR. MEYERS & CO.
MEN ONLY— CONSULTATION FREE.
PRIVATE BOOK. DIAGNOSIS SHEETS,
etc., free, clSce or mall. Home cures. Ad-
vice free.
731 Market St., S. F.
HOURS— DaIIy. 9 to 5; Evenings. 7 to 8: Sun-
days, 9 to 1L Elevator entrance.
CDTTOTTT^Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JjrilJ O XIILO •""• bootblack*. barJi-
******* *^****"^ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
flyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger*, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers. " tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHA.t Vi BROS..
Brash Manufacturer*. 609 Sacraments St
DR.PIERCES^i
GOLDEN
MED!CA,Lu J
DISCOVERY
FOR THE . . -
BLOOP-LIVER.LUNGS.
Li "^PATENTS? j)
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
X cUctCf} Conducted under the
American and Euro-
o|-irl pean plans, and In a
a manner that will sat-
isfy the most exacting
GFcHIU ani particular taste.
1400 rooms— ooo with
tt a 1 baths.
Hotels
2
D. H. JONES, the Lottery Swin
dler, Whose Operations Were
Exposed by The Call.CONGRATULATE
WALES UPON
HIS ESCAPE
Crowned Heads of Europe
Regret Attempt Upon
His Life.
French Papers Unite in Denouncing
the Daring Deed of the Young
Anarchist Who Fired
the Shots.
COPENHAGEN, April s.— The Prince of
Wales and his party arrived here at 8
p. m. to-day.
BRUSSELS, April s.— Jean Baptlste
Sipido. the Belgian youth who attempted
the life of the Prince of Wales yesterday,
was not submitted to any further examin
ation to-day. His attitude Is dejected and
he appears very tired, having had little
sleep. He expressed no regret for his
crime, but has requested permission to see
his mother. No interview between them
will be allowed for some days.
Late this afternoon the examining mag
istrate decided to confront Sipido with his
father and a touching scene ensued. But
It is said Sipido paid no attention to his
father's appeals, maintaining his previous
declarations.
In the Senate to-day the President, the
Duke of Ursal, expressed his reprobation
and indignation at the attempt on the life
of the Prince of Wales. Ho said:
"I give thanks to heaven that the heir
to the British throne has escaped the bul
lets of an irresponsible boy."
The remarks of the President were
greeted with applause.
The Premier, M. de Smet de Nayer, in
dorsed this speech.
The Patriot says: "Investigation proves
premeditation. The interrogation of the
prisoner lasted four hours, and it shows
that he was instigated by an unknown
person, who persuaded him to buy a pis
tol on Sunday in the Old Market for three
francs. Accompanied by this person
Sipido went on Tuesday to a meeting in'
the Flemish Theater and then to the Mai
son dv Peuple, where they had drinks.
Then they went to a wine shop, where
Sipido wrote a letter saying he had ob
tained employment. He then went to the
railway station and asked the hour of the
arrival of the train. Later he entered a
neighboring cafe and loaded his revolver
In the lavatory. Sipido refused to give
the name of his companion, who, he said,
was a young man some years older than
himself. After Sipido was locked up the
magistrate went to the house of his
parents."
According to the Etoile Beige, Sipido
explained his motive as follows: "For a
long time I have thought that the ambi
tious men who are unchaining war sacri
fice so many human lives that they de
serve to be punished. Those men should
suffer the penalty of retaliation. When
I learned by the papers that the Prince
was going to pass through Brussels I im
mediately resolved to become the avenger
of humanity and to kill this assassin. On
Sunday I went to the Old Market and
bought a second-hand revolver and car
tridges. I hod then made up my mind
to carry out my project. I regret that I
have not accomplished it as I desired."
PARIS. April s.— President Loubet has
sent an officer of his household to the
British Embassador, Sir Edmund J. Mon
son, to express his keen indignation at the
attempt on the life of the Prince of
Wales and to ask the. Embassador to
transmit to the Prince the President's
congratulations on the happy escape of
his Royal Highness.
The French papers unanimously de
nounce Sipldo's attempt on the life of the
Prince of Wales as a detestable crime and
declare Englishmen must not hold "Eu
rope's feeling of indignation against Great
Britain's policy in South Africa responsi
ble for Iho cowardly, act of a demented
anarchist."
LONDON, April s.— Congratulations on
the escape of the Prince of Wales from
death at the hands of Sipido, the would
be assassin at Brussels, continue to ar
rive in numbers at Marlborough House
from all quarters of the globe. All the
crowned heads . and chiefs of states have
wired expressions of sympathy-
•ssttsaasßssasa^asamsjcasasosfli
•* v
¦0 Gertrude Atherton's new £
i 5 novel "Senator North" is to £5
& be published in America, on 8
May 1. Bead the review of &
H it in next Sunday's Call. *^
SACRAMENTO, April o.— lt Is now
conceded that the contest for May
Queen lies between Miss Rebecca
Elliott. Miss May McAdams and
Miss Millie Mctlar. they having by
far the largest number of votes, although
there are over twenty candidates In the
field. Miss Metlar has within the past
few days shown much strength, and her
friends assert that before the contest
closes she will be found at the head of
the list.
However this may be. It is certain that
the voting has become quite exciting and
the number. of ballots deposited each day,
at fo much per ballot, insures the placing
of a heavy sum in the hands of the Na
tive Sons and Daughters of the Golden
West, who are to have the management
MISS MILLIE METLAR.
FORT WORTH. Tex., April s.— One of
the most serious wrecks in the history of
the Fort Worth and Denver City Railroad
occurred this morning at a point just
south of Magenta, 376 miles north of this
city. As a result two men are known to
be dead and several others injured.
The dead:
JOHN F. DANE, mall clerk, of Denver.
JOHN J: KUNTZ, passenger, residence
unknown.
The injured:
A. M. Scroggan, Independence, lowa,
slightly.
Frank Lane, Fort "Worth, face cut, not
seriously.
James French, injuries unknown.
Herbert Bonebrake, brakeman. El Reno,
O. T., fractured ribs.
PASSENGERS BURNED
TO DEATH IN A WRECK
Terrible Catastrophe Occurs on the Fort
Worth and Denver City Railroad
Near Magenta, Texas.
HUNTINGTON
AND SPEYER
DISAGREE
Differ Over the Management
of Southern Pacific Rail
way Stock.
WILY RAILROADER'S TACTICS
Ie Defeats a Plan of the Speyers
*Hier«by Quotations of South
ern Pacific Would Hare
Gone Up.
P^cclal DiFralch to Tb* Call.
NT.W YORK. April s— There are rumorsT
of a widening breach between the Hunt-
Ir.gton and Bpeyer interests in the South
ern Pacific The stock market plans of
the Speyor contingent have not worked
Fmoothly, because, it is asserted, obstacles
have been placed in their path by Hunt
ir.riori ar.d some of his friends. Speyer.
has not been able to reach Huntington in
Kan Frar.c'.sco. Ir appears that a fort
night ago the Bpeyer contingent started
in to advance Southern Pacific's price,
havlns; arranged a strong pool for that
pnrx>os». But when it got the stock
around 42 the pool found that it was get
•tinp entirely* too much stock. Investiga
tion showed that certain ipsMe interests
v.ere marketing big blocks of stock, which
they had acquired prior to the time the
books of the company closed for the an
nual meeting, which was held yesterday.
Mr. Speyer tried to convince thes<> in
terests that by holding off while his pooj
worked they would be able to get much
better prices for their stock, and thinking
that he had puccecded in this he
Irgan again to push stock up,
but selling of the same persist
ent sort came into evidence when
Southern Pacific got around 43, and since
then there has been steady liquidation
that has taxed the pool's resources. Yes
terday stock sold below 40. Part of the
stock sold has come indirectly from Hunt
ington himself, who, since the closing of
the books, has been desirous of marketing
a block of shares which he acquired be
fore that time. When Southern Pacific
was selling at 42 Mr. Huntlr.gton gave to ¦
pome of his friends in the management an
option on large lots of stock as low as 40.
< >ne cf these blocks contained 3*),000
shares. It was partly this stock which
the Sr>ever nool was obliged to buy.
Engineers at Del Monte.
Special Dirpatch to The Call
DEL MONTE. April 5.— A special Pull
man train bringing 100 Eastern locomo
tive engineers and their families arrived
here from San Francisco at noon to-day
and will remain till to-morrow. While
here the party is the guest of the hotel
management and was taken around Cy
press drive, to Pacific Grove, old Monte
rey and other points of Interest. From
here they go to Santa Cruz. Members of
the party were very enthusiastic in their
admiration of Del Monte and its environs
especially the seventeen-mile drive.
CLUB WOULD ABOLISH
GAMING AND POOLS
Sausalito Citizens to Hold Their
Final Rally Against Immoral
Influences.
SAT'SALITO. April s.— The Sausalito
Improvement Club, which was recently
organized to crush the poolroom and
gra.mbllnt» vices in this place, and which is
composed of the best element of citizens,
will hold its finai rally on Saturday even
ing. The club is working energetically to
secure a clean government and will make
its presence felt at the election to be
h^li Monday.
Th»re are five Town Trustees to be
elected. The Improvement Club proposes
to secure the election of at least three of
the number who will rid the community
of immoral Influences; and for that pur
nose is supporting the candidacy of
Messrs. Harmes, Heoken and Crumpton.
With a majority of the Board of Trustees
It Is expected that a crusade against gam
bling dens and poolrooms will immediate
ly begin and legislation against them en
acted.
Quarryman Injured.
SANTA ROSA. April 5.— A serious and
perhaps fatal accident occurred at the
city rock quarry to-day, when a man
named Keofer was seriously crushed by
an immense bowlder, weighing at least a
ton. which, loosened from its fastenings,
rolled over Keefer. Everything possible
Is being done for the injured man, but the
doctors hold out but slight hopes for his
life. Keefer was employed in undermining
t.ie rock when It fell.
HABEAS CORPUS WRIT
TO RELEASE KIDNAPERS
Attorney Herrington Claims That
Wong Pong Is Being Illegally
Held.
Pjecial Plsratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. April s.— Attorney Herring
tor, th's afternoon begun habeas corpus
proceedings to secure the release of 'Wong
Kcr.pr, f"f of the Chinese implicated in
the Palo Alto kidnaping, from the County
Jail. A writ was issued by Judge Lori
,;„::. and 5? returnable at 10 o'clock to
morrow morning, when the case --will be
argued.
'i he petition recites that Wong Fong is
1...-p ally and unlawfully restrained of his
liberty." Jt is asserted the complaint
charging the prisoner with kidnaping,
which «af sworn to l«efi:r« Justice Van
iiiiitn of May3..'ld by 15. F. Hall, does not
>t.tt<- facts for action, in that the alleged
forcible lakir.E of Kirn Quey dots not
show there was intent to take the said
Kirn Quey out of the State.
The jurisdiction of the MaylMd Jus
tice Court will be attacked, on the ground
that the kidnaping was committed in San
Francisco, and the Mayfieid court there-
Core has no jurisdiction.
District Attorney Campbell was in con
f.-r< nee to-day with Professor Brun of
the Palo Alto committee. The evidence
in the case was gone over.
Thi> morning District Attorney Camp
l.fil called the attention of the Grand
Jury to the Palo Alto kidnaping case.
f.nd next w^ek the Jury make a full
MANY OFFICERS CONVICTED
Pound Guilty of Having Stolen Rus
sian Stores.
ODESSA; April 5-Th? military court at
Eebastopol has closed the hearing of the
great naval scandal and has convicted
twenty-elx offiwrs and civil servants of
criminally defrauding the Government in
connection with the supply of coal and
other commodities to the navy. The sen
tence will be pronounced to-morrow.
of the floral features of the approaching
street fair and trades carnival.
Reports received from various localities
as far south as Fresno and as far east
as Virginia City. New, indicate that thou
sands of visitors will come to Sacra
mento between April 30 and May 5, the
carnival season, and the city will make
every effort to entertain Its guests.
The Capitol grounds have been placed
at the disposal of the citizens' commit
tee and some of the features of the car
nival will take place in that beautiful en
closure. The street fair and carnival
proper will be held on the streets run
ning alongside the Capitol Park, covering
over a mile in length, and these streets
will be arched In and made visions of the
decorators' art.
OSMAN PASHA, HERO
OF PLEVNA, IS DEAD
Was Reported to Have Died a Fort
night Ago, but the Announce
ment Was Premature.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April s.— Ghazl
Osman Nubar Pasha, the hero of Plevna,
died yesterday evening, although the re
cent improvement in his condition led to
hopes of his recovery. He was born in
1532.
It will be remembered that Osman
Pasha was reported dead a fortnight ago,
his illness at that time having become so
serious that some of his attendants were
led to believe his life' ended. Later he
seemed to be progressing toward recov
ery, but the hopes then entertained were
evidently not justified.
MONTGOMERY HANDICAP
IS WON BY LAUREATE
Streamer, the Favorite, Buns Second,
While Duke of Baden Merely
Shows.
MEMPHIS, Term.. April s.— The hlstorio
Montgomery handicap, at a mile and a
sixteenth, was won to-day by George C.
Bennett's Laureate, in the good time ot
I:4SV*. Streamer, the favorite, was second,
with Duke of Baden in the third position.
The race was worth about $3000 to the
winner. Only one favorite, Joe Frey, in
the second race, was successful. Results:
Six furlongs — Sir Gettlan won. La Josepblno
second, Hlmrln* third. Time. 1:15 V
Half a mile, selling— Joe Frey won. Bard sec
ond Delmarch third. Time. :«%.
One mile, selllna— Martin Duke won. Two
Annies second. M 133 Patron third. Time.
Mile and a sixteenth. Montgomery handicap —
Laureate 105 (Crowhurst), 5 to 1. won;
Streamer 113 (T. Burns). 2 to 1. second: Duke
of Uade-n 108 (Vlttltoe). 6 to 1. third. Time.
IA%H. Ed Tlpton. Harry Nutter. Jolly Rotter.
Great Land, St. Slmonlan. Capron. Cherry Leaf.
High Jlnk9. Florizar, Alice Turner and Maud
Wallace also ran.
Half a. mile— Barbara M won. Myra Morella
second. Golden Harvest third. Time. :43»i.
One mile selling— Lillian Reed won. Celtic
Banl second. Schnell Laufer third. Time.
l:«*i- __
WASHINGTON, April s.— Results At Ben
ntngs:
Five furlonps— Revonah won. Speedmas sec
ond, Cortalls third. Time, 1:03 1-5.
Half a mile— Scurry and Anecdote ran a dead
heat. Moore third. Time. :4f> 4-5.
Steeplechase, about two and a half miles —
Plato won. Cosmopolitan second. Time. S^l I*.1 *.
Six and a half furlongs— Royal Sterling won.
Grandeur second. Magic Light third. Time.
1:28.
Mile and a sixteenth— Boney Boy won. Robert
MetcalJ wscond. Time. 1:53. Two starters.
>
Westlake Held.
SACRAMENTO. April s.— Martin "vTest
lake was this afternoon held to answer to
the Superior Court for the murder of R.
R. Watts.
WASHINGTON REPUBLICANS
INDORSE ADMINISTRATE
Delegates Elected to the National
Convention and Instructed to
Vote for McKinley.
ELLENSBURG, Wash.. April s.— The
Republican State Convention met to-day
and elected eight delegates to the Nation
al Republican Convention, instructing
them to vote for William McKinley for
President, adopted a platform and ad
journed after a two hours' session.
The eight delegates to the national con
vention were chosen by acclamation as
follows: Levi Ankeny, Walla Walla; Dr.
L. M. Slmms, Cowlitz County; E. C. Neu
felder. King County; J. H. Baker. Kllck-
Itat County; J. M. Ashton, Pierce County;
E. S. Coffman, Lewis County; B. 3. Con
nor, Skagit County: F. J. Bayneld, Whit
man County. Alternates— J. W. Bean.
Kittitass County; L. A. Kenney. Adams
County: C. E. Coon, Jefferson County: J.
S. Meirs. Ferry County; S. G. Cosgrove,
Garfleld County: F. Baumeister, Asotin
County; M. E. Bay, Lincoln County; A.
S. Lindsay, Chehalls County.
The platform indorses in Its entirety
the administration of President McKin
ley, the course in Congress of "W ashlng
ton's Republican Senator, A. G. Foster,
and the two Representatives, W. T. Jones
and F. W. Cushman. Continuing, the
platform says:
We indors* the action of Congress in having
enacted Into a law the existing gold standard
and oppose the free coinage of silver. We con
gratulate the country upon the fact that the
present Republican Congress has removed the
monetary question from the realm of doubt ana
uncertainty into that of a settled law. We ad
here to the doctrine that the territory acquired
as a result of the war with Spain ta under com
plete control cr the Government of the United
States and subject to such laws as Congress
may from time to time enact. We favor the
prompt establishment of Buch permanent gov
ernment In this newly acquired territory as
will promote civilization, education and com
merce. In the formation of such government
we advocate the home-rule principle. We op
pose any backward step on the subject of ex
pansion.
CHINA'S EMPEROR IS
BEING SLOWLY POISONED
Belief Expressed That He Is Con
stantly Being Kept Under the
Influence of Drugs.
VICTORIA, B. C, April s.— Copies of
the China Mail, received by to-day's Ori
ental mail, contain the following telegram
from Peking:
"The Emperor is very ill. It is common
belief that he is continually under the in
fluence of drugs, administered by his arch
enemy, the Empress Dowager, which will
before long take him out of the disturbed
arena of his country's politics."
SEATING OF
QUAY WOULD SET
BAD PRECEDENT
RAD PRECEDENT
Gallinger Makes a Long
Argument Before the
Senate.
Platt, Speaking as Chairman, Says
the Cubans Generally Have Ut
most Confidence in the
United States.
»
"WASHINGTON. April s.— During to
day's comparatively brief open session of
the Senate Galllnger of Ohio presented an
argument against the seating of M. S.
Quay as a Senator from Pennsylvania. He
devoted himself almost entirely to the
constitutional phases of the question.
Most of the day was spent in executive
session.
Platt of Connecticut, speaking as chair
man of the Senate Committee on Cuba,
said that there was nobody so far as he
knew who proposed to break faith with
the Cubans. "And I do not believe," he
added, "there are many Cubans who be
lieve the United States will not keep its
promise. Of course there are agitators in
Cuba, but among the Cubans generally
there is the utmost confidence in the
United States."
Gallinger of New Hampshire then pre
sented a constitutional argument against
the seating of Quay. He maintained that
the Governor of Pennsylvania ought to
have called a special session of the Legis
lature to elect a Senator after it had ad
journed without an election. He said he
opposed the seating of Quay because such
action would be a violation of both the
letter and the spirit of the constitution;
because he was opposed to giving the
Governor absolute right to make appoint
ments of Senators in any circumstances:
because the Legislature, having adjourned
without election, had voluntarily relin
quished a part of its representation in the
Senate, and because it would introduce
into our institutions a Pandora's box,
causing endless confusion in Legislatures
of the States.
The Senate then passed a bill to extend
the act governing the immediate transpor
tation of dutiable merchandise without
appraisement to- the ports of Laredo,
Eagle Pass and El Paso, after which at
1:30 p. m. the Senate went into executive
session until 4:40. when the Alaskan Civil
Code bill was laid before the Senate. Some
formal amendments were about to be pro
ceeded with when on motion of Pettus of
Alabama the Senate at 4:45 p. m. ad
journed. ,
Engineer McNeill. slightly injured.
Fireman Dubbs. slightly injured.
At the time of the accident the train
was running at full speed when It struck
a defect in the track caused by a partial
washout. The entire train was ditched,
the cars being piled in a heap. To add to
the horrors of the wreck fire started In
the debris, consuming the entire mass of
wrecked cars. Many passengers who man
aged to extricate themselves were badly
burned. Mail Clerk John F. Dane of
Denver was buried beneath the mass of
wreckage and was burned to death. John
J. Kuniz, a passenger, also lost his life.
It was reported that Express Messenger
J. B. Chapman was killed, but later re
ports say he is safe.
The loss to the railroad company will be
heavy, as the entire train was burned.
MISS METLAR LEADS
IN MAY QUEEN CONTEST
Facial Dispatch to The CalL
STORY OF THE
THOMAS MURDER
TOLD IN COURT
Miss Silvey, the Defendant,
Faints During the
Trial.
Witnesses for the People Are All
Heard and the Defense Will
Hake a Strong Plea ot
Temporary Insanity.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call. "" ••
MERCED. April s.— ln the Silvey case
to-day the first witness examined was
Charles Harris, editor of the Star, on
which paper Thomas, the murdered man.
was a reporter. He narrated how Thomas
had left the efflee at about 4 o'clock, and
when gone but a few moments a shot was
heard and Thomas rushed bark into tha
office, closely followed by Miss Silvey with
a revolver in her hand.
The witness called next was Fred Phil
lips, who was also employed In th<> Star
office and assisted to disarm Miss Silvey.
He made a statement similar to that of
Mr. Harris, as did others who were In tha
office at the time the shooting occurred.
The testimony of the other witnesses la
but a repetition of what bas heretofore
been published in The Call.
During the examination of Mrs. Nora
Silvey. sister-in-law of the defendant, and
who was with her when she shot to death
her betrayer, the prisoner fainted and had
to be carried trom the courtroom. She
was soon resuscitated and conveyed baric
to the courtroom on a couch and the trial
continued.
The proceedings of the day were closed
by Miss Silvey's lawyer making his state
ment for the defense. The plea will bo
temporary insanity. The witnesses for
the people have all been examined, and
to- morrow the trial will open with tha
taking of testimony of the witnesses for
the defense.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1900.
IMPORTANT
AMENDMENTS TO
HAWAIIAN BILL
House Unable to Take a Vote
When the Hour Was
Reached.
All Labor Contracts in the Islands
Are to Be Annulled and the
Amount of Land Held by
Corporations Limited.
WASHINGTON, April s.— The House
did not finish the bill to provide Terri
torial government for Hawaii to-day.
"When the hour fixed for taking a vote,
4 o'clock, arrived, less than half the bill
had been covered, and so many amend
ments remained that it was agreed to
conclude the consideration of the bill un
der the five-minute rule until it was fin
ished. Several important amendments
were agreed to to-day, among them the
following: ; * ¦''
To nullify all labor contracts in the Isl
ands; to extend the alien contract labor
laws to the islands; to prohibit the sale of
intoxicating liquors in saloons; to limit
the land holdings of corporations to 1000
acres, and to substitute for the House
provision relating to the appointment of
Judges and other officers of the islands the
Senate provision. The House provision
lodged the appointing power in the Gov
ernor; the Senate placed it in the Presi
dent.
Pugh of Kentucky moved to strike out
the provision requiring that voters should
be able to speak, read and write the Eng
lish or Hawaiian language. It was lost.
Underwood taunted the Republicans
with their inconsistency in recognizing the
necessity for white man rule in Hawaii in
the pending bill while denouncing at
every opportunity the election laws of
some of the Southern States, which were
designed to prevent the participation in
elections of the ignorant and worthless.
On motion of Shafroth of Colorado the
Senate provision lodging the appointment
of the Judsres and other officers in the
President instead of the Governor was
substituted for the House provision.
Without finishing the bill the House, at
5:20 p. m., adjourned.
oooo3Gco3ocooG©©Goeo»©oo©e©«©ee«©oeoo©sec©ooo
o c
g ppS g|£& £p3 n&a To-morrow, April 7, go to g
g |j 113 § 5 233 Kearny street and get a 0
o§3|K 181 8 pi free sample bottle of Elec- ©
o I 1I! I I trozone, the world's great S
c I % H [g22 Jfeg^ b me< 3icine. A positive cure §
o for Rheumatism, Stomach %
2 Trouble, Kidney and Bladder Ailments, Catarrh and %
g all diseases arising from impure blood. g
I HE SUFFERED TWENTY YEARS. §!
O .¦ ¦ O
• Electrozone cured him. Electrozone will cure you. Get it O
g this day. All drugstores sell Electrozone. John Campbell %
•"writes: ©
15 ©
0 "Electrozone cured me of stomach trouble and rheumatism after 20 q
• years' suffering. Electrozone is a rrmidy with mrrlt. O
• JOHN CAMPBELL, Lancaster, Cal." •
3I ELECTROZONE 1
I) ELECTROZONE 1
1 ELECTROZONE |
I ELECTROZONE ||
| _ FREE TO-MORROW. I
9, $jt^~?~* A sample bottle of the **"Jsai&*3j|[S 2
O \j§p£*& ;rrcat ELECTROZONE at Nic:t^^ P.
% 233 Kearny street. £
| ELECTROZONE I
ELECTROZONE §
I ELECTROZONE |
I ELECTROZONE
V AX A-i-L DRUGSTORES ¦¦8
T£ CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
CONNECTiNO TRAIN L.EAVES SAN FRANCISCO:
.' P.n. *.\omlay, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FVDOF4<I p. m. with Palace and Tourist
L/ y^. L " cars for Kansas Citj, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and Cast.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, VisaKa, Tnlare th\ai\
and Bakersfieid. KOAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 62S
•pr»ic/~/> cnniu Market Street, Phone Main
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa. Clara Street.
IIO3TH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
¦ '« ¦' Commencinr October 1. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— KM, »3:30. U:00 a. m.: *l:4i»
•3:40. s:li. 6:00. 8:30 o. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at i>:00 and 11:20 d. m.
BUNDAT3— *S:OO. nO-.W. ni:S» a. eb.; lOt.
I.H. m i:*S, 6:30. 9:CO p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to Saa Quentin.
FttOM SAN RAFAEL, TO«BAN FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *«:», 7:45. *9:40 a. a.;
•12 30. 2:15, *8:40, »5:1.> p. m.
EXTRA TRII'S on Mondays, Wedntwdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10: li p. tn.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. *3:00, '10:00, 11:45 a. m.|
n:4O. *3:15. 4:45. *6:30 p. . m.
Trains marked (.*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3COt.
WEEK DATS-5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:45 a. m.;
12:35. 2:55. 3:43. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAY9- ;: 8:05.'10.-C5 a. m.: 13:05. J:U. «:aoi.
1:00. 6:45 i>. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:0" a. m. week day»— Caiad*>roand way statlona,
«:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way stations.
IiCQ a. a.. euiiasi>B-:Tcs;ale» . aod. 3»ay. ataUant. ;
TENTS AND OVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bass, tents,
covers. 21 and 13 California st.
MTRRICATTNO on. Crude Oil and Oaso!!n>.
ENSION & MrOt.'FFICK. 13 Ppear St.. S. F
PLA7ES FO? SAVING GOLD.
Fcnaenjeln & Burrldge. 3 Hardia pl»c«. off
Koarny. t)etween Butter and Buih streets.
coast IHVI^Jo^ (HmmmQwmM.
(Foot utMiri*. :t Street) _
•B:ls*Newark,«>ut«Millf,hini.lo«e,P«-lton,
IkmtdurCrrek.HantaCmzand Way
fitotions »3i»4»»
yt-.l sp Newark, t'entftTllJe, San Jose, New
Alai.iilf n, Kelton, llouliler Creek,
Banta Vjnx ami I'rineipal Way
Stations tl»t.1(»4
• I:l. Tp Newark. S»n Joso. Los Oatoa. *«:3»a
Ml:lsp Uisnien' Kxcnrsicn. Sau Jos» anil
\V.iy.SU:ioP9 f7*9»r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'romSJN ffttriClSCO— rsot »r Murktt StrMt(S!ip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:00A.ll. |I:C3 *2:53 13. C 3
•1:00 t3:C3 »C:C3r.u.
.'rnrj riS!.A^5-riiol«;3fMi»«T. -¦•¦-.CO 8:00 10:C0*.«.
1 12:00 *1::3 »g:C3 «3:53 lt:C3 •Z.ZZt.m.
COAST |>|TISION ( Rroai! Oange).
(ihtr.l nn.t Townscml Sta.)
t-»:IO\ (ic-i'i View, Houth »«n Kiandsco.. tMi3«j>
•7:O«* Ran .1.- ' »kI Yl'ay BtwUwni (New
A'.i,*.J-.i W.-,1i,. s.Uji(.nly) *l:3ar
•»:O0» Hau .li.-h. Tres IMnqs, Haala «'niz,
Tactile »in«m. I'asti KhUvb. f'»:i
Luis O'lispo, Surf. Lompoc and
Principal Wny Htntlona a-lil«ra -lil«r
•HMlo* Han.l:)<i9nnil V.irst.i'imn *85334,
•lltllOA San Jose ami Way .Stations *3t3oa>
fJ: l.'.r Sin Mit-o, K,.,1 «,.(,.], MeDloFark.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Hal. .l<«e.
Trcs Pinoa, .Smita Cut* SaUnaa.
Moufrry ami l'acifio GroTB tI(t:34A
f»:)H>r Han Joss and Way Htatlons *?>3Op
fl:l»pSanJoiieaiiiiPriixipal Way Stations *9:4.V\
».^:OOp8»nJo»o»nd l'rinelpal V/ay Ht.itlODS ?U:O<» v
*."»:::»»!• SauJine ami Principal AV«j Stations "»::»4
•4i:.*tOr9an Josaand WayStaHons t^-.OO^
6ll:l."ip Sau Josaati'l Way Static. im »T:Mf
A for Mum in ; I' fur Afternoon
* Daily. t Humlay eienptei!. J buoday only.
b batiudajr en!y.
m Toeadays aod Fridays • Thuxsdays and Bondaya.
STOLEN SILVERWARE
FOUND IN A PAWNSHOP
Taken a Year Ago It Is Finally He- !
covered by Detectives Ryan and
'Mrs. Robert' Duncan arrived here from.
T. - Angeles ai»"Vit ten months ago intend
intr to ;n;ikt' this <ity lr« r home. She' ha<i
Aith h<*r a trunk containing her wedding
prcs< nts anil which were valut-il at SIOUO.
Afi4-r arniiiijT here the trunk with Its
]T: cious content^ was removed from the
bt earner to !!:•¦ Broadway dock prepara
ti :v fi !•' ¦:)!•-¦ taken to i:>r Siome.
Wb.-n th< cxpr«ssznan arrived to take
the trunk i: nas pon. . Captain SpiHaiu;
v ;i»t at once notified aod lie dctai!>'d De
tectlve* Ryan and <»'Doa on s the case.
'¦•.-•;>: ic their efforts they were unable to
j."t a trape of either the trunk or the
tt)ievcs who stole It until yesterday, when
they ra:i across ttu- trunk in a Mission
etri'ot pawnshop. Th»- contents were in
tact, t};- proprietor of th'_- ;j!.ice a'lnktting
mat It had not I-'.ji opened as the man
•Rho had rtiFDojsid ol it promised to re
turn and redeem it.
Th.- trunk was irnm^d'iatrjy taken in
charge by the detectives and removed to
police headquarters. Ryan find ODea
know t!i»' man who stole it and they ex
jx-ct io have him behind prison ba"rs in
the next few flays.
SHIPPERS WILL
OPPOSE MAKING
HOME SUB-PORT
Business Mtn of San Fran
cisco Denounce Scheme
in Strong Terms.
N'omeas a subport of entry Is a propo
sition that has thoroughly angered the
local business community. The general
verdict of the merchants if that to make
the proposed subport would ho to deal the
American shipping interests of the coast
i anil also the American commercial inter-
I esls. from Vug-t Sound southward, a se
vere blow. I^-aUir.g shipping men con
cerned In the Alaskan trade were inter
' viewed yesterday. Captain Edwin Goodall
[of the Paclflc Coast BteamsbTp* Company
i epoke indignantly of the proposition:
"All Am<!rican business interests must
'protest." said he. '^There is nothing to t
! scheme except an attempt t<> favor British
: shipping men as against the interests of
i the citteens of the United States. It is
! sublime cheek: no other phrase will dc
' fx-rU-.- it. San Francisco would be badly
i hurl as a point for shipping freights and
i selling goods to Cape Nome. N<> Amerl
i can Interest culls for the establishment or
i tha subport. Only British shipowners are
I asking for the change. Seattle would be
| injured. Cheap British ships would ,ure
¦ business across tbe Sound trom beattl-».
i People would leave Seattle to take ship at
; Vancouver or Victoria. Tbe proposition is
i outrageous."
J Marsden. vice president of the Kim
i ball Steamship Company, said: "To make
! the proposed mbport would destroy tbe
i protection that the existing coastwise r-g
1 ulnti.ms give to Americai! shippers. Now
j foreign ships cannot take freights Jrom
' ;in American port to an American port
under the cast trade regulations. If
' Nome should be made a subport the exist
! ing protection fo afforded would be lost.
i Then- are American ships enough to carry
i th" freight and passengers. Still there is
thi< way to look at the matter, that if
j there were a short age. that would be a
i stimulus to the building of American ships
i whi!<- the coast w!f<-- regulations hold good.
i Every American shipping man is decidedly
i opposed to making Nome a subport."
I J N. IHbban' of the Alaska Exploration
Company and T. If. Hlgbee and A. T.
! F'richard of the Empire Transportation
i Company visited Special Government
I Agent Evans in his ottice on Slitter street
yesterday to express similar ideas. Mr.
ICvans Mid that he had not found any one
in San I-!rancisco who favored the esta-b- -
i Ilshment of tbe subport at Nome and he
j did not expect to find one. Mr. Evans is
i taking evidence at his office and Is also
I visiting the shippers and others to get
their views. Th.? Chamber of Commerce
has sent a strongly worded protest to
Washington.
— - ¦
THE brating sprit hap been sufTiciently
developed among the students of the
University of California to enable
them to place a crew on the water
to-morrow in a four-oared barge to com
pete with a like crew from the Columbia
Rowing Club. The four of the University
of California are: M. E. Scott, bow: J. \V.
Barnes, X->. 2; D. Goodale. No. 3: T. V.
Klngton. stroke. The representatives of
INGLESIDE NOT
TO BE REOPENED
Attempt to Legalize Poolselling on
Horse Races Results in a
Flat Failure.
RAILKOAD TEAVEL.
(PACina hv.stbm.)
•vala* 1«>»»* «*•»«! are «!«»•> t» arrlvs »•
NAN rtURfUtCO.
(Main line. Foot ol iiarktt Street.)
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
E^wrttw^r.'^V J?-?".«i« J>* V J^Sst7S m t^i V>r «k.Jt» mr*JL*-~m*f^*' x i¦¦
M E SCOTT J. W. BARNES. D. GOODALE. T. V. KINGTON.
-¦-¦•¦¦ • . ¦>¦-• . . .
MEN WHO WILL REPRESENT UNVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA IN TO-MORROWS RACE.
The box with the perforated sea!—
The name on the mantle-
are two ways of telling the genuine
A brilliant light and a long life
are -two other ways.
Once used, always used.
See that you get the genume.
Sold everywhere. Price, 50c-
\ J^ ==^^S.
PENSION LIST
TO BE REVISED
BY THE CHIEF
Many Ineligible Officers Are
Cited to Appear Before
the Board.
The Betirement of Sergeant Avon
Severely Criticized in a Com
munication From a Citizen
of Oakland.
?
Chief of Police Sullivan was engaged
yesterday in carefully examining the list
of men whose names are enrolled on the
police pension list. Unless he is con
vinced that the men were retired for good
and sufficient reasons, he intends to ask
the Police Commissioners to order them
back into the ranks'.
The cas.e of ex-Captain Wright, who
was retired ' by the old board notwith
standing tnrtt he had been a member of
the department for enly elg'.it years, has
created considerable comment in police
circles. It was claimed at the time that
Wright wsu" physically disabled, but this
is denied by the men who were associated
with him. Wright's object in asking the
Commissioners for an indefinite leave of
absence was to visit the Philippine Isl
aods.
He expected to be appointed secretary
of the Philippine Commission and wanted
his pension to go to his wife. It is claim
ed by his friends that if he decided to
locate at the islands he intended to re
sign from the department.
At the next meeting of the board Chief
Sullivan will submit a oomplete list of the
men who are on tbe retired list, tacn
name will be taken up separately, and un
less the retired offlcer shows that he is
entitled to a pension under, the provision
of the charter he will be ordered back
into the ranks or suffer the humiliation
of bring summarily dismissed from the
department. r , ,
The following communication was tiled
with 'the Board of Police Commissioners
yesterday:
OAKLAND. Cal., April 5, 1900.
Rnarri of Police Commissioners. San I rnn
clFcS^tlememi In readlng^thia mornings
paperHCall) saw ™*» <* <>*-<'apt*in Wright,
Will F ay your pension law is ™*°°^*-T*°?
is another oa.<e the same •» . W rlfht «. '*"
Servant John Avon. He was riot a resident
of Pun Fnincisro all the time he sprve.i ah
Berseant: but lived in Alame.ta County; was
the owner of a larce ranoh and rich. W ent
h.Mne at nißht to Alameita (Vmnty nn.l reported
for duty as a police officer tru» next day. In
vesUgate and you wlirfirjd £££ *£££
Avon was retired by the old board on
account of physical disability. A\ hile
struggling with a desperate prisoner some
time ago he was thrown to the sidewalk,
sustaining a dislocation of the shoulder.
It is sai-d that he is not in need of a
pension, being well supplied with the
world's goods. .
The Commissioners intend to thorough
ly inquire Into the charges as stated in
the communication.
The pension list was increased b> the
oW board a few days before it went out
of office hv over thirty names, some ha\
ing served the necessary twenty years
and being over TO years of age. butmany
of them coming under the dlsabllltj
clause. From the quarterly meeting in
October to the meeting in January the
list has increased from 49 to
an additional expense of over $20.0u0 a
year.
Scotch Entertainment and Tea.
A Scotch entertainment and tea for the
benefit of the Woman's Home Mission So-
Bathing the Baby.
There Is a rißht and a wrong way to
do everything — and battling the baby-
Is no exception to this rule. In The
Sunday Call will appear an article that
will prove most interestin- to the fond
mother, and, If the directions Riven
are followed, baby will be equally ap
preciative. The text is illustrated by
excellent half-tones* which make all
the explanations clear.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring's and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttotj
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservjlle Tor Fk<«?»
Springs; at Cloverdale for tbe Oeye»rs: at Hod-
land for Duncan Spring*. HUhland Springs
Kelsey-vllle Carlsbad Springs. Soda Day Lakn!
port and Bartlett Spiinn: at Uklah for Vlchr
Spring's. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. laurel
Dell Lak«. Witter Springs. Upper Lak«, Ponvx
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside Lierley's.
Eneknell's. Sanaedrin Heights. Hullvtlle Ott'is
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brajr-
Westport. Uaal. Wlllltta. L«ytonvtH« Cum-
mlng*s. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olaen'a. D»er
Bcotla and Eureka. *
Saturday to M»nday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trlD tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
General Manager. Gen. Pas*. Aweat.
MOUriT TAMAuP^ti SCtNIC HfIILWAY
i-eave San trancisco via Sausallto Kerry
Week Day. 9:30 a. in. and l:ii pTV
Sunday.... .:ofc n>:00 a. m. and. l:4i £ m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all tralni?
F^re-fiaa FnuicUco to Summit and Ketura.
Lear* . Arrtv»
Ban Pranclsca Ta Effect Ban F"ra,nc!scok
I ¦ Octoper U, 1 ¦
Week Bun- 1533. Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. flaya. \ Daym.
TiWam g:oOam Norato. 19:40 amf- 8:40 ajjj
1:30 pm »:30am Petaluma. 6:0.'. pm|li>:23 am
1:10 pm E:00 pm Santa Roea. T:33 pox| «:22 pc»
~~ Fnlton.
f M am Windsor. 10.15 us
Realdsbursj.
Lytton.
Q^yservllle,
1:90 pta l:Wtm Cloyerdale. T:33 ptn t:H pm
"tisoaa! IHopiand and! |~~~~ ~~~ ~
I 8:00 am[ Ukiaa. | 7:33 pm| t:Z2 yzm
T:3O am! 10:U in
I S :00 am OuemevtUe. 7:33 pm
»:80 pm| »:o m
7:39 am 8:00 am Bonnma 9:13 am 8:t0 aca
and
1:10 pm 5.-00 pm Olen Ellen. t:O5 prn «:23 pra
T:3oamJ 8:90 ami SebaatopoL 110:40 amllOW am
8:30 pmj S:QO pm| | 7:35 pmj l:Bpn>
Rahfornia LIMIUP
Santa Fe Route
OLIFOSNU NOBTDVESTEEN ST. CO.
UM FRARCiSCQ AND NORTH PACOFQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TtfeuroA Ferry. Foot of Market %k.
&AJT JTRANCISCO TO BAN RA7AXU
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. »:00. U:00 *. m.: U-.n,
l:» 5:10, •:» p. m. Thursday s—Extr» trt»
*t U:3O D. m. Saturday*— E^ctra. trips at V.it
and 11:30 p. m,
BL'XDAYS— B:CO. »:30. 11:00 a. m.j 1:10, f.m.
6:00. «:I0 p. m.
BAN*RAFAEa. TO HAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO. 7:50. »:2». U:10 a. m. : 1J:4»,
1:49. S:l3 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trio* ai
1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
FUN DAY 3*-8 :1 X 9:40. 11:10 a. nv: 1:40. »:?•. «:ca.
1:23 p. or
Between San FVanr!«co ud Schuetssa Par*
¦sune schedule as above.
DIES OF HEART FAILURE.
i-Uu-ara T. .Donnelly, an Extensive
Cattle Kaiser, Masses A-way.
r.i'warrt T. Donnelly of the £rm of Don
nelly & Duni.-. oxtrr.Five cattle raip^rs,
<:'d last evening at his home. 3is Oak
:•::•«-•: •::•«-• t. Th« deceased had bf-en ailing J
iUua lan January^ hut as he recently
;«'m( d to be improving the attending
;?!.v.sician was hopeful for his recovery
His death is attrfbuu.-d to heart failure.
Donnelly was boxn in Queens County
Inland, in T-44. He came to this country
v.hen only » yearn of ;ig<>, finally locating
in San Francisco. In addition to his ex
t'^nfsive cutt!% ii.i»-reMs h<- was eug.-ijjed In
tt~e r. - holepal<* butcher business.
Donnelly took an active Interest in pnij.
tics, being known as a stanch Renubli
can. llp ioKW-s a wtdow, but no children.
Arrangements «..r ti:~ funeral will be
xr.ade to-day.
Suicide While Insane.
A \>rdkt of "mind* wki!«- temporarily
insane" was rendered yesterday by a
Coreri«r'« jury in the case of Mrs. I^eo
poldine Goetz; who warn found asphyxiat
ed In bed la*t Wednesday mnriHng at her
residence. 961 Golden Gate avenue.
Florence L. Deuprey's Alimony.
Florf-nrp I>. Deuprey has upplird to thp
Superior Court for an order compHlinpf
hor divorced husband. Assistant Di^tri^t
Attorney Eugene N. Deuprpy. to appear
nnd BbOW cause why ho has not paid hfr
JJOO :i month lor th<» pnpj'ort of.ht-rpf'.f
and children; Mrs. r^uproy alkpre« that
the d»-f^nda:it only paid her $>Q for Kohru
ary and has (ailed ami n>fti«pd to pay her
an nllowano^ for March and also refuses
to pay fis 50 court costs accrued during
ftor action for divorce..
¦ ? ¦
A bowl of rrc.-im. is a cat's idea of the
lap of luxury.
Open to the Public.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will
be open to the public to-day, free of
charge, from 9 a. m. until 5 p. m., and in
the evening from 7:30 until 10 o'clock.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
PTTRNHAM-STANDKFORD CO.. Washlncton
and Ist fts.. Oakland, or Duilders* Ex.. 3. F.
ROCKEPS.
Oflri'ClC Hula-Hula Rocker: Ontrtfural
nUvnC -O Sand Pumps: Machinery. PARKE
* LACY CO. « Fremcnt st.
HONEY SAVED IF
CITY OWNED ITS
ELECTRIC PLANT
Supervisors' Committee on
Public Utilities So
Informed.
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
Utilities met last night to consider the
lighting of public streets entirely by elec
tricity. Chairman Reed stated that one
of the plans under consideration was the.
construction by the city of its own poles
and distributing system and the purchase
of the electric current from the lo.west
bidder.
Chief Electrician Hunt of the Indepen
dent Company, who last year had com
piled a report on the estimated cost of an
electric plant for lighting the. streets and
municipal buildings and the approximate
cost of operating the same, gave valuable
information to the committee. He said
the poles would cost $£0,000. lamps $?.0,000.
insulators, wires, etc., $110,000, plant for
public buildings $15,0001 total $2:50,0u0. Th*
cost to light public buildings would be
$2.*.000 annually, the street lamps costing
$H)4,250. It wits ascertained that the cost
of public lighting now is $384,000 per year,
and if the proposed plan is carried out a
saving of $130,750 annually could be ef
fected with a4O per cent better light. The
saving the first year would go far toward
paying the original cost of the plant.
Prince Poriiatowskl, president of the
Standard Electric Company, informed the
committee that it would not enter the field
of competition in this city until July, IWI,
when it will deliver direct to this city
12.0ix> horsepower - from the lilue l^akes
system. The company would only do a
wholesale business of supplying power,
and the city would be required to own a
complete distributing system.
Regarding the water question, which
was next taken up by the committee.
Prince Poniatowski stated that from 45,-
COO.OOO to 12T>.0<X>,000 gallons of water were
going to waiste daily in the Standard sys
tem and engineers were at work now with
a view to utilizing that amount for any
purpose demanded. The company owned
400 square miles of water sheds and 140
miles of pipe would 'be necessary to bring
the water direct to this city. To a ques
tion by Reed whether the company was
willing. to sell the title of the system, re
serving the right to the power developed
by the water. Ponlatowski replied that the
shareholders of the concern would have to
be consulted, but he admitted that thu
water would' eventually have to come
down the coast. " ..;; j
ciety will be given in the First Raptist
Church; .120 Eddy street, this evening. The
programme will consist of readings by
Mrs. E. A. Woods. Scotch Bonga by
George St. J. Bremner. recitations by Dr.
Shiels, piano solo by Miss Jacob and violin
solo by Miss Alice Woods. Refreshments
will be served.
Strikers Give Up Their Fight.
Kurtz & Co.'s shoo factory. 103 Mission
street, has practically won its fight with
its striking employes. Two unions, the
lasters and the shoeworkers, walked out
three weeks ago because certain men had
been discharged, notwithstanding the pro
test of their fellow employes. A week ago
the shot-workers held a meeting and de
cided to give up the struggle. They ac
knowledged the right of the proprietors to
employ and discharge whomesoever they
plpased. About eighteen lasters and shoe
workers are still holding out, but it is
probable they will submit to the inevi
tablp.
F. W. BELL. Central Platlmr Works. 853 Mis-
sion st.. S. F. Phone Jessie 3d.
WHY WEBSTER WILL NOT
SIGN JANITORS' DEMANDS
He Informs School Board That His
' Reasons Are Backed by Supremo
Court Decisions.
Superintendent of Schools Webster yes
terday sent a communication to the Board
of Education In which he specifies his rea
sons for not signing the school Janitors
demands for March. He contends that,
being employes of the Board of Public
Works the Janitors should not be paid out
of the 'school fund, and that there is no
authority under the charter or general
law for their payment in that manner.
OOL • SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
'daily operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. «?. Ist.
SUPERVISORS Tobln, Helms and
Reed, composing the Police Com
mittee, were unable yesterday to
agree upon one of several or
dinances intended to prohibit pool
selling on every form of sport except
on horse races. After a long discus
sion, in which Mayor Phelan strongly op
posed the plan to legalize gambling within
the lnelosuro of a racetrack, the commit
tee came to the conclusion that it could
not make a recommendation at the next
meeting of the board, and it is highly
probable that the proposed ordinances
will die a natural death.
Supervisor McCarthy addressed the
committee in behalf of his ordinance by
which betting In the downtown poolrooms
was to be entirely abolished and a mo
nopoly of the gambling presented to the
racetrack vultures for a period of fifty
days in one year. He contended that of
the total damage to the community
caused by pool-selling only a small per
centage whh due to racetrack gambling.
To this assertion Mayor Phelan replied
pointedly:
"It has been ascertained thnt most of
th" embezzling, murders, defalcations and
other crimes are directly traceable to the
racetrack. Merchants have informed me
that they feel the pinch of the money
going out of legitimate trade. Why can
we not have sport without betting? There
is no reason why people should get rich
illegitimately at the expense of the com
munity."
Reed Insisted that no ordinance to pre
vent pool selling could be made effective
unless It was made a penalty to visit the
poolrooms.
"There Is an order in existence now,"
said Reed, "prohibiting , the selling of
pools on horses and dogs. If another is
presented rept-alinp it. the Mayor wonld
no doubt exercise his veto power."
Helms' order to license horse racing for
sixty day!*- and the one introduced by
Reed, allowing pool-selling on boxing con
tests i-xcept t>y paris mutuels, were also
Shelved for the time being.
The order introduced at the sug-Rpstion
of Chief of Police Sullivan prohibiting
lotteries and tile publication thereof was
recommended fur favorable passage.
The license of hotel solicitors and run
ners was fixed at $15 per quarter. A dele
gation of hotel keepers asked for a lower
mte for their bus drivers, but the request
was denied.
THE Kurfka ISW beach gold saver; the only
pan nmtton. . 26 lieale st.
SA>D CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Ocmfion Daily. »25 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME HOUSES FOR SALE.
12x16 f t . Jl.'J); 16x?0 ' ft.. $200. Apply to th»
lIUMBOLDT. LUMBER CO.. Third and
Wafhlrifftnn sts.. Oakland, Cal.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
t/ni\C U * Drake Amalgamators, operat-
KRObH
Hip Columbia Rowing Club are: J. H.
Dioekmann. bow; Charles Bates, No. 2;
Charles Goodwin. No. 3; H. 11. Haight,
stroke.
The Columbian enjoy the advantage of
having an experienced coach in Harry
Haight, while Charles Goodwin is also an
experienced oarsman. The remainins
men of the crew— Charles S. Bates and
J. 11. Dioekmann— are well-known ath-
lot ps. having been especially as
bicycle racing men. The university men
were so unfortunate as to bo without a
barge in which to practice, their own boat
being laid up for repairs for some time.
Their opponents, however, in a spirit of
Fportsmanship, placed a boat at thoir dis
posal at times. The race will be rowed on
Oakland estuary and is expected to bo the
forerunner of a scrips of contests in which
the university oarsmen will participate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, APRIL «, 1900.
AMATEUR BOXERS
SHOW GAMENESS
IN THEIR BOUTS
UNIVERSITY OARSMEN IN
A MATCH WITH COLUMBIA
Battle as if Fate of Nations
Depended Upon Their
17 ff i-
»
San Francisco Athletic Club's Tour
nament Brings Out More Heal
Fighting Than a Cliam-
Thrre wa? mf.r- • ••• -• fiKhtir.c in any
one m'.r.uti' at the amateur jboxing tourn- |
eisent of the San Francisco A' hi tic «':uh \
last nicht Lhan is sr-cn In many cham^l
pionfhip battles. The young athlete*,!
madi up in canjt^iess and aggrf^tUv-cncss j
fur any Bhtirteoialngs tiny niay hive h.ni ;
us chrver l>y\erb. A 'lumixT <•.*¦ ii^" iig!'.'-.;
»-er< stoppt-d v iteferee Greisains, at
Oie instance of &< rgi *ht of l^ll« c Ciwsan;
v . , i. they :•<:.¦••: the line of bruUlity/
Ulood *as spilled ;>••<!>¦, but tl>- appii-i
... of .. vi. t t«!ii(^«<i alt tracts
?¦.;,, i; ,1 bout, that i.'iw« ;. .I:';-k
}'-•;.! wnd lotn Herman; was awarded
: :> r In the third round: I'oltoe Ser
«... pan peeins i'orttr had no
ci-:,^.. all*.! the iln-t round. Uermaiiwuis
.....,-. ,| mroujrliuut, aifchougn lisa
, ¦ : . ?• vas ten pounds !:= ..vi--r.
. The lirpt ! ¦¦•"• " : l "'" evening was bo
ti.rj.ii Luke Dean ami George Outran. It
-^ . ¦ . rly 1! 1 the eecqnd round by
B^fereetiiegrgainV. us Qurran clearly out
c a sed i ! <;-ii. The latter was knocked
down in H.e first mupd and again !n the
....,-.,1 Cur Van led ni>eaiedly with ins
.; «. ,rt-d every lime.
1 li" second boiu '.v.i- also stopped by
-; ;. ,R.i in in" (second round. Mike
joyo a miid-mannercd looking boy.
¦ r. .1 his opponent. Pave Sheehan,
• v over.'the ririp. He used straislit lefts,
which started iht- blood flowing freely, j
:-• . . ban was knocked down in both
rounds. Th«; Rghi was stopped t<> nave 1
I roxn unnecessary punishment.
»;•.::•.- <I<i Courcey knocked out Steve
Kennedy in the second round of tli^ir ,
I' was a whirlwind «o t'ror.i i!:<° i
start, « urn being <iazv'd at tim«v^. L»e j
. ¦ ¦;; 1 , . \ proved (he cleverer boxer, am! >
I; aded at will. It was fast poing, to the i
creai arousenwnl of the spectaiprs.
The bout between C. A. llarnet and K-i
Barker proved the latter one <<f the pam
1 • j.-6uns»ters: that • \<r entered .t ringr. ;
Harnet - f-nu-il i<»» Mrons in the lir.-t
pound, but i:i the Recoiul IJarker evened
Ojatterk. He landed repeatedly on his 011
pon«nt's stomach and tuok all th«- light
.j'Jt of him. He kept up hi.- niryrrossive
light in the third round and bt-at ISarnet
1-. a standstill.
Difk liigcr and Ed Ptenerty boxed four
rourds to a draw. Ttu- fighting through
out was fast :i::'1 furious and the decision
\r<.:- ri ¦¦¦ Ived «rtth applause.
Jirrs I far; nit <->n was- h'iven the decision
r.v.r Fred Landucci after four rounds of
hurricane fighUwt; Hamilton had ih»- best
<-f the first three r:>u-!id?. but Landucci
Ria<s< :i BT«at finish In the fourth round.
Hamilton <ii<i ;<"^ his execution with his
left, cutting r^nduccl badly. I^anduccl 1
ti • : Uis leift i:i the last round and Ham- |
had flifflculty in withstandins his at-
<>•.«:.!'. fichJ In ih<- thinl round, givinp
the fonnor the decision. Both were badly
punished.
Jim Kv.tit and young Neill supi>!icd
tlw> <•¦•!)-•> iy element Iri th^ir bout. l\nih
v.<rc clXKIig :in<l willlnf?. hut did not |
know how to hit. Ryan had enough in j
lr<3 round of th<> wrestling bout and
'.own the limit.
< la} boui t\"«^ put in bctwfv-n Prod
Mathtivtn :uid C. P. Ilatvsen. Th*' former
v the cleverer at!<l hammered Hanson |
all over the rinjj. Th»» bout was stopped j
Lit the second r«»\:r.d.
Friday and Saturday only j I
We made these vests and can vouch for their good 5 j
. qualities. '; . \' |
The assortment comprises all the latest effects in checks \ %
and plaids — grounds in black, navy, brown, tan and Rray. j <
They come in double-breasted style, as pictured above. I \
You will find any of the patterns desirable. iy r
. — ">.:-.•- \ i
£ j Out-of-town orders bearing postmark of Friday or Saturday I 5
§ » will be filled. \ \
M TIS Market Street. Lj
lkatz — Faou Fcbbpaby 23. IJOO. — AKnrrm
DVEMI-G PL.MPS.
Oil Ouwsline. Steam Holstn. Ontrlfufral Pnmpn.
Kmrices*: Boilers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
EXPHRIMFNTAL MACHINERY & iMODELS.
|j PETERSON. M4A Mission. 3. F. : conimunl-
catlcrb !rora Inventors strictly confidential.
A'.ARSH STEAM PUMPS
ForplT fresh or salt water for sluice boxes:
With rr low' I!ft.«. Simcnds. 33 Market »».
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
FAVKR All th« Gohl by Gravltatloa. No qutrk-
Hlver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear
.MATT^FSOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Lone torn, riffles and carpet combined save*
placer cold. VAX WINKLE. 413 Market st.
GOLD SEPARATO.7.
MARSHALL Gold Paving Machine. 22) Fol-
som street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GASOLINE ENGINES,
tfT?n<-m.v.f* <;af ftnginr works is nuin*
many ertlprs for Nome. 141-14J First St.. S. F.
•7iOOa Benlcto, Sulsnn. Elmira. VacaTllle.
Rnml«J»n'.l Hacr.->mento. »7s«»»
•7:OOa. SbasU Eipress-tDaTia, WlUow% __^__
Red BlufC Portend ••••"•' 9T
•7i3»* MarUner.hannaulon,V*lle3a^»^».
f»JUtt.M aS.Ia S .l Hanta 11cja. . . . . . •: l»r
•*i3O*TheOTerkiuHi^i <-'a— Osilan,Den-
»er. Omaha. Cliica«-> "oilßr
• »i:tl)t Sau .lo««. Llti-rmore, fitucktnii.
lone, Kaerai:i»-iit ; >. ruecrtLle.
ai.irjs»iii^. chico. lto«1 inuit ZV\2*
•»t:n<»A 'Milton. Oakilal". .-o;:ori. Carters. .. "is lp r
•UsOOa Ilaywarila. Nllnan.l Way st»ti<mt. M l:4iA
*«:OWa Davis, WooUacd. Kuights Landing.
Mar>s»ine,<>r ! >7l:l» •' s i? F
•9:OOa Atlan'-io »;«pregs— Ogden and East •»:***
•O:U«a Mdrtinrs. Trr.cy. I^tlirop, HtocktoD.
MrreManaVresDP »a2:l3p
•Vino* rort Costa. Kr^sno. .Mojara on.l I.o»
A,.^,.|. i ••:••!»*
• I«:OU\ ValWJo. Martinez 'ai'-l T/ay Stations •«s»s*
•1I:UOa Nilcs, Li»ermfir-, Stockton, .^scra-
ta-nto, Memlota, llanfonl. VmaUa,
Pcrter»lile !l:!?*! l: !?*
•12:00 m UajwarJs, Jf «« an-l Way SUtions. •* : i *j>*
1 1 :(H>f H.ier.iinrnto l!i»«r Htamiicra 1 .;*
•3:OOp Hay'warOii, Kil«Sßn>l Way Stations. # 3»I3»
•4,»tip Maitluex. .Niui lUnioi. Valiejo.
N:ipa. Cal'«t.«((». HwUHom •«»«». "I*
•li«Mtr Bcnicia. Vaca»iilo. Kacrf»i»*tjto,
Woo.llan.l, KHahU J.«ihllub.
Mary»»i!K Oio.il i- •!•-.-«»*
•li!l<»p Niius. S»n .li.«ci'kiiil Kti ekt.,u *.«!.'»»
•3:»>OrTh-> Owl Limited— Tracy, Fre*ir>.
Dakersfleld. Haugiia (or Santa JJa-- •
»>arV L-jB Anecles ''•:«»
o3:OO? Sutsct I^^.ited-El Faso, New Or-
l-^nsanfl E^vst eJOt-OA
•3:30r Stockton. Slnt-c^l. Fresno # iasl3#
•5::i«»p Kii'Ku> ltAkenlieKl, Santa 1". u>' ir.i.
Lr* Angeles, |Vn!::f, II l'uo,
Now Orleans »:id Enct # «i4S a
•SiSMp H.uU Fit ISonie— Atlmitlo Exitrees
fnr Mo)a«« ami Kast 'O-.i^p
¦SiWOrnaywards, Niles ami Man Jose *7: l"k*
(6:30f VHlleji. •! a« I S»
•«ia»r Orental Mall— Ogtien. Cheyennat
OTaaiia, Chicago »»>«3a
•««XOt Ortsntal ihi»— Ogden. Dctitct.
Omaoa, Chicaoa MjlSf
tTzOOp Vallrj... Port Coata and Way Hta-
ti->iis 1933»
• $.»3r Oregon and California K»|-r*iw,SßC-
r. ¦.¦¦.;.. Miirja'. ii:.>. 11,-Ullug.
rVwIbUHI r.ig^t Si 1 mt.l r»!»t «^tl.i4
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
OutflU r«fke<l. IRVINK BROS.. S7O Howari.
?rs Fourth. 13CJ I'olV anJ 1«1 Stockton. S. F.
LTQL'ORSI
WHICVFV U CAHEN * SON.
WfiIOIVLY 413 Sacramento.
PILE. DRIVING ENGINES.
Worthlngton 6team Pumps A Water Metsnt.
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
E>OI>ES. BOILERS ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. En*!ne» and r«llar«:
lowest prices on the coast. Fine A Davit sts.
FUPS
FUR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME.
AI-.REKT HOEFLTCH. 118 Grant aye.
OILS.
t«j^»
4All work guaranteed for 10 years with a Protective Guarantee.
Recommended by over 15.000 patients wf)O r;ave already had worK done at our office.
Main Office: Hours-8to8; Sundays, 1O to 4.
Fourth and Morrison Streets, Portland. Lady always In attendance.
723 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
We are making: a specialty of ko'A crowns and bridge work, the
most beautiful, painless and durable of all dental work known to the
profession. Our name alone will be 1 * iruarantee that your work will
be of the best. We have a specialist In each department. Itest op«ra-
ors, best KOld workmen and extractors of teeth: In fact, all the staff
are Inventors of modern dent!str>. We will tell you In advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a free examination. Give us a
call and you will find we do. exactly as we advertise.
SET OF TEETH .*.%.IX>
GOLD. FILJJXG #I.OI»
BEST TEETH. S. S. W #*.O«»
GOLD CROWN' .$O.OO
SILVER FILLING SOo
MIDDLE WEST BOWS
TO PACIFIC COAST
re-elected grand medical examiner and
Past Grand Master Collins. Past Supreme
Master Workman W. H. Jordan and Past
Grand Master E. Danforth were elected
supreme representatives.
The grand officers and Dr. Bruning will
compose the corporate directors; John
Hoesch. Arthur W. Tuggy and E. J. Ten
ron were named as the finance committee.
The new officers were duly Installed, and
a resolution 'was adopted to present the
retiring grand recorder, Frank S. Poland,
a diamond and gold badge. Then fol
lowed addresses by the old and the new
officers, and the grand body adjourned.-
GRAND LODGE
OF WORKMEN
ENDS SESSION
C. T. Spencer of Magnolia
Lodge Is Elected Grand
Recorder. :
Prospect of a Wholesale Change in
the Grand Lodge Office in This
City — The Women Therein
Must Go.
At the session of the Grand Lodge of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen yester
day the odds and ends of the session were
taken up and disposed of. The principal
business was the rejection of the proposi
tion to rearrange the classified assess
ments so that there shall not be any odd
cents such as 2G or 56, but that they
should be 25 and 55.
The Grand Lodge reimbursed Placer
vllle Lodge In the sum of $254, sent by
check In payment of assessments and
which was loat in transit,
j | In the afternoon came the event of the
session, the election of grand officers.
Chas. E. Snook of Oakland, the grand
foreman, was by acclamation advanced to
the office of grand master workman. Dr.
\V. E. D. Monson of Los Angeles, the
grand overseer, was also by acclamation
advanced to the office of grand foreman.
For grand overseer there were three can
didates—E. A. Freeman of Amador, Al. J.
Blackman and C. E. Curtis of this city.
Freeman was elected on the first 'ballet.
For grand recorder there were but three
candidates, Frank S. Poland, who has
filled the office for two years, having his
name withdrawn at his own request. The
nominees were D. S. Hirshburg. ex-grand
recorder, a member of Oak I^eaf Lodge of
Oakland; C. . T. Spencer of Mignolla
Lodge of this city, and Thomas H.
Carr of Nevada Lodge, Nevada City.
On the first ballot 175 votes were re
quired for election: Hirshburg re
ceived 117. Spencer 128 and Carr 104. On
the second ballot Hlrshberg received 112.
Spencer 141' and Carr S3. According to
rule. Carr. being the lowest, was dropped
On the third ballot the vote stood Hirsh
berg 135, Spencer 184. Spencer having re
ceived a majority was declared elected.
This means a general change in the of
fice of the grand recorder, as Spencer, it
was announced during the session, pro
posed in case of election to remove the
young women who for years have been
employed as clerks there nnd .replace
them by male clerks, members of the or
der.
During the session on Wednesday a
statement was made which seemed to
carry out that idea, and Past Grand Mas
ter Vlnter declared that when he was
grand master he was Importuned to such I
a degree to remove the lady clerks, who
are paid from fcss to $50 a month, that he
did so, replacing thmrvwlth n p+ ?"" n
month, and that after a trial of two
months he discovered that tney- uid n U i
do by one-third as much as the lady
clerks did, and he returned the women to
their . former, positions.
At the evening session Sam Booth was
ie-elected grand receiver, Dr. Mayon was (
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BROKEN BRAINS.
When the Brain Tissue Is Clogged
You Can't Think.
Sericzs Effects cf Dyspepsia, Tcrpid Liver,
Gcrstipaiica and Biliousness on the
Mird, C&csirg Despondency,
Insanity and Death.
There's close sympathy between the
brain and the stomach.
A sick stomach means a sick headache.
unless rolieveo.
Mental worry causes indigestion, and
dyppepsU cause* Irritability, worries.
fears and anxieties without any apparent
cause.
liother the stomach and you bother the
Biliousness, irritability, dissatisfaction,
sleeplessness, w the first serious symp-
toms. If a man pets up in the morning
;r-elinjr as If he'd uk*-. to kick a cripple, or
kill the canary bird, he had better look but
for his liver.
The ftrFt Fi>m is a warning to rake Cas-
caret.s Candy Cathartic, the ideal laxa-
tive, which tone up th» bowels, make tho
liver lively, prevent s.»ur stomach, purify
the blood, brace the brain and make all
things rifcht as they should be
<lo buy and try Caprarf ts to-day Ifs
¦what they do, not what wo say they do
that will please you. All dru^jrists' lfio'
£sc. 50c or mailed for price, fiprid f f ,r book-
let and free sample. Address, Stfrllnc
liem<»dy Co., Chicago; Montreal, Can.: or
:<f»- York.'Ktw
eThis Is the CASCARKT ta%-
let. Every tablet of the only
Ktnulne Cascarets bears th«-
tnajdc letters "C C C" lx.-ok
at t!'.e tablet before you buy
find beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
NEW YORK DENTAL PARLORS
THE EMPOEITJM. . | THE EMPORIUM. THE EMPOBITJM. .| THE EMPORIUM,
¦ -'-'-¦¦ *
£ 15, b00 Renown 5c Cigars on sale this week only— 2 for sc; 10 for 25c. j
k ' i.™_''^ffl?3H ¦ |w
| $1.25 Scarfs Manufacturers' Short Lots. Gowns, 95c. |
f • 58c • Don't miss this largest and most important Ladies' $1.25 v^\ 5
a .Mdai nU r Sale of Men's Clothing, Hats and £Sf g<SS" #§9 *
j: /Sm&fa ' chaso of 100 ° Furnishings for Spring. SStioSS \L ' '$
$ MgiM^b ° f t lates J t We have bought many broken or short tots .*&< edge of lace; jf L^
S Ws<£§ %JZ*£ of nr* spring goods fr r ,ar«n«mam t - /^/f\ tfEmfe\ «
*: \1 $T J * facturers of fine clothing, furnishings, |H*H \~cil \V and edge «i 1&&$$&£&S&\ *
g \t- / Sclrfi - in sohd etc., to which zee have added all ot oir ff J \Z)\ \\ To f ch °^^ f^^^^A h \
ft' P^i C I own short lots in these lines ; at th s sale jC^fc^ \zM I f aished ,T th Jj WS VWI'W %') 2
I >KPv^ !f nn c n ts ' ™ r^ prices we can save you from M^kJf^b^ '!> S?«t ™l'sm ¥*&V\} \
% $I ? and ?L25 $3.00 to $10.00 on a suit ?n?*Vt %^^s^ *
S V: ' eaC i7 n^ pc " of clothes, $2.00 on a hat and m^Sm^ffMm^ gown of good TT>^S« *
T Mill «i »'••'*'• almost half on furnishing goods. ]KMlKPlf#ll\- m , ateri3l3 , t , hat "L S
X I illlSSil gam Tables, > J 6 6 lVv^MWp^»i\vKm i always sells at $1.25. .J
X ' ' SoC 20 atyles Imported 120.00 Worsteds, Cassimeres iw^^C^M^ UPMtUFBrn >
S ' and Vicuna Sails in ererj feßhiooable color from Mj WKMBEI' Six useful, mnch-in-demand articles at S
5 SOo Hose Wo- & * »?—»—*»- » d m Wsm s^p*-*- saturda, j
|An unusua, bbug^ g cnanc, pej.it. us to »£&™%1%2?1!%£ Zft&L "* IWL it&%s3Rg& St £ t
g make this off.nng-.fs the mannfac- 10 styles $12.50 Caisimere and Cheviot Suits, light and dark If S ill twodavs onfy «.oS {5
g !&fc&X£%ft£X — ¦.-*—«. jI If nu*g a Zszsgsg I , g -|
t- Hose, double heel, and toes, in nary, Men's Hals, A* A A "SIB upholstered seat. ; regularly J2.jO: J
t ;ai br s^^ ol sotdT MlIe " sr&s& $1-B8 1 11 jssriSss^s^nJL-^ %
«» vame anu uruinaniy sola at *g gy> 9^f ~»O C/OS0." I til f "fK .« .« . , — • • . . »»
5 cfnVta7ht d^tZur y si^e hSL Men J 8 St J f and S ° ft Hfts-all of them desirable shapes, but " || tr^ZJ %
f^ome eariy iv get your Sl^e — DOX the sizes in some lots are broken— we have your siz9 m | |M on i y -$6*15 J€
t> of 6 pairs 95c some one of them— our regular prices were $2.45, $2.85. M H*l Combination Booko as o•'
4 " $2.95, $3.45 and % 4— your choice this week at $1.88 vM -|| an d Writing Desk — Solid **
| Pitoher29o. f&&SSZ»Z!L *2M JLJL JSIS"SS \
S£ This large size (half All new Spring patterns, double breasted, with or without col- £j oak finish, 24x30-inch French plate Jf
*£ gallon) Glass Water lars, light or dark shades, regular prices $4 and $5. mirror ; regularly $35.00 ; special for <5
S Pitcher, decorated Alx^V I) r) ,:,j ron . a «o oc »/„-,«.„ e,,/#« for <9 OR two days only $24.75 ] x
I with a broad gold . I t\ // S ! 5 ' f ?'2f w£Si» ««#S £r «#2f Parlor Sot-5 pieces, mahogany fin- S
X band, sells ordi- /§ W\Ji Ghl!drea8 # $2.95 VostOß Suits for $1.95 iahed frames, upholstered in pretty <J
I i^a f0 ss r PP e 6 da ; . Sjj^^f »»'* FumlsMngs Deeply PHce-Cut. S iS&itf^.^'ZSb S
if of 90 of them 1 ~??0 ])!i Men's sOc Neckwear — Imperials and Four-in-Handa, in choice spring **£% >*
r» which we will sell V\=l. '-]0 ]'v colorings - jCOG rf ¦.¦ J ». "5
v Friday Qi _ \^_Hoy ' Men's 15c to SOc Ncckwoar-SHk String Ties, Lawn Band Bow?, _ %&&J!S3B3O3^E&J^S* x
fl>* 0n1y.... iiS&G &*^& Wash Four-in-Hands, etc OC . * . _„ , {«
\ Men's Unlaundered White Shirts 300 Men's Goat Working Gloves, pair 250 oo ° pair 3 CS iS-fr, %
ft^ . A . Men's Laundered White Shirts 43c Men' 3 Blue, Green or Garnet Sweatere-.U/o Elastic and Silk Web Side Hl^S^ J*
j£ Men's Fleece Lined Underwear 38c Men's Flannelette Night Shirts 370 Hose Supporters, pin top, I h/ -?
$> • Men's Natural Gray Underwear 36c Boys' 50c K. &E. Unlaundered Waists rußber top button fastener yiPf Jt
»> 600 yards of the 12i>* quality of 36-inch Men's Fancy Striped Hose, 2 pairs 250 330 , - X v /^^lL •*•
*•; Denimette, for draperies, couch covers, -. * r ,°? J&^i&l *5
jl" cushion covers, etc., in six good colors W - 8 'i C r°v* jfflFifllz '%
| S||pic Cologne 230. Shoes $1.09. HKK Jf¥ |
i __ . Genuiue Eau de Cologne (Ferd. Muhlens)— Ladies' Dongola Kid Button blac . k ; re P u l ar mfrM §J\k 3«
| Carpets. ¦ ffc ST t, pic '" e> r* *#$&-?¦ se \ •?
JK* Three sharp reductions in prices for Fri- have purchased at reduced price 200 ft; t*' \ I.ll* C ° lQ 9*9 * 7.^^ 1&C •*
X day and Saturday only: ¦ bottles, put up with a label which is to be t^S^V patent leather tips, sizes onny *%**- #
%> Mattings— Linen warp, the 33c qual- discontinued, but the label does not affect }A S> Sa- >^ N 2J to 7, a good, '- m ~ Tj
fc* ity, in neat, pretty designs— special the quality of the goods, which wi'.l be t'J|O\? V' durable shoe that PriCCS THIS Week *
X for 2 day 3, yard 22\c found sati-ifactory, and our special price *i^«^X retails regularly —, -.«-»*,-./*!— I innnrx: «
t Linolouni-12 feet wide, the heavy for the 200 bottles, for Friday o~o ~ '^^^laa^ at L air; ** rOCerieS ~LtqUOrS %
5 75c quality-special for 2 days, per only, is 4G&C special Friday Corn and Succotash—^Fancy I*
•C gquare yard 6UC On JiKi"** Maine, the very best that money can •'
% Axminster Rugs-TirtA inches RißnaooS^tk tffl7)*% §I*o3* buy; tin 9o J
t? in size; Persian, Oriental and floral de- BwMUS&Btjf M(U?Cm : Hams— Best Eastern ;lb 130,%
f signs; regularly *3 each-speciaK for 2 One of t h e latest and moß t popular instru- U^C &f & X S^r^ t^^S t AbS Wii ii 9
* ia * 3 $2252 ' 25 mental pieces is "r#ie Bridesmaid &*' **&*& &im^a. B Tb^ s BosTsoi n-1 %'J 2
J. : March 2nd lwo-Sten." Th» Ladies' Black Neapolitan Braid Hats, in the **"" S * * * Oa * * 25'^ '%
fc 3 „ o irn pleasing composition, together with 300 three leading shapes of the 3ea?on ; ready vu hi in Fine— California"'? nir^i •*
*I LaUntlPV £*&&& assorted shee'sof new music, only one of for your o#n trimming or we will doit WAflO WffS 3 pkg^^
X *^ ¦ each piece, none of which retail regularly for you tit a moderate price ; a regular titn'ti '"' Ba»t7>mnTat- "inn %
I 23c. il^^l^l m^^in:st.2sSß^^^Ml
Ji 1 A small lot of Laundry Bags (6 dozen — — : 2 for 25c ; tin -100 H
•£ only) was bought by us from the manu- ~~~ : Scotch Whiskey — Very o'd •?
h facturer at a special closing out price. enc ne i ar tmatmmaam rw n « m. -». « «. . ». — r / ro r (William Williams), regularly JI.2S '%
i They are extra large size, made of the taster TaSfliF M B I^^ bottle ...99a
*k good quality sateen twill, with heavy Cltldie'i, ffl S»Sk &»»^"** 'Bulletin Raspberry Syrup— ¦ First quality, •*
X cord draw-strings, assorted colors, reg- p (T< - vf c ra ggP* 6^ and *w|fl ri/-n n, bottle 320 '%
Si ular price 50c each -on spe- OOiMk ".* ' *' , ** Ooldenftule Bazaar. *1 *; Zinfandel Ciarot-Our 6-year- .%
** cial sale Friday 0n1y... Lamiy bland. California's laroest-americas grandest store. Out Saturday. old 75c quality, per gallon ..48c 5
Have your teeth out In the morning and go
home with new ones the same day.
If you are troubled with nervousness or heart trouble,
be sure and call upon us. You will have no fainting spells,
no bad after effects.
. Nowhere on earth is the subject of denUstry so thor-
cuihly understood and so much care experienced as by the
directors of this magnificently appointed dental cfflre.
TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAIN.
Teeth extracted and filled absolutely without pain by
our late scientific method. No sleep- producing aeent* or
cocaine. These are the only dental parlors in San Francisco
that have the patent appliances and Ingredients to extract,
rill and apply, gold crowns and porcelain crowns, undstect-
able from-natural terth, and warranted for 10 years, with-
out the Jrast particle of pain. Gold crowns and teeth with-
out plates, gold fillings and all other dental work done pain*
lessfy and by specialists.
Our prices are the lowest consistent with first-class
work. We do not try to compete with CHEAP dental
work.
ERNESTO BALUANZA Is dead.
The tenor who twelve years ago
charmed all who heard him in
the support of the great Pattl
passed away on Wednesday. Alone,
uncared for. In a little room at 333
Geary street, the end came. A few
weeks ago Baldanza came to town,
and on the strength of his old-time
reputation secured an engagement at
the Oberon. He Immediately set about
to stir up his fellow-countrymen In
the name of the musical muse and or
ganized a choral society which he
called the Italian Philharmonic Club.
J. Musso was elected president of the
new musical organization and Bal
danza retained for himself the posi
tion of leader.
On Sunday evening Baldanza sang
for the laft time. He was taken with
a chill after his performance at' the
music hall and took to his bed, never -
to rise again. The cause of his death
was acute bronchitis.
Baldanza leaves a widow, who was
formerly a Miss Trombley of Chicago.
She is now at the family home In De
troit, Mich., and the'news of the death
of her husband was wired to her on
Wednesday* The great tenor's home .
life was a most romantic one. After
his great success with Patti Baldanza
began to fall. Years crept on apace
and from nrst-class organizations the
r-inger slid down to cheaper attrac
tions, falling back on vocal lessons to
heYp make both ends meet. It was :
while teaching in Chicago that Bal
danza lost his heart to 'his pupil. Miss
Ernesto Baldanza.
Tromblejv Their marriage followed
and their union was the exception
that proves the rule which tells of
poverty and the flight of love.
On Sunday the remains of Baldanza
will find a last resting place in the
Italian Cemetery. The Italian Phil
harmonic Club will defray the expense
of Its founder's burial and chant a
requiem over his grave.
A Full Set of Teeth - - - $5.00
St., pleasing the public, as usual.
!^^^ WONDERFUL
\# x ; TRUSS.
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVKNTTNO HIS TVORLU-RENOWNED
"Maifn^tlc Kla«tlc Truss 1 ' Dr. Pierce *aye to
the i-utllc the mo« remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the tueceesful treatment of Kcr-
r.i«. cr Kupture. Thounands of sufferers have
b«-n permanently relieved and radically CUHEU
t.v this creat appliance, and thnufar.ds of other*
«re now en the road to complete recovery. Thi»
True* U <:i3erent front sll others. It does the
work!
You ran ret our "BOCKLET Xo. 1" by call-
ir.K ot the offlce, or it will h» s«x:t on receipt of
r, ?-cent rtamp. It . tells all about thts Truss.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO,,
C*U Market Street 'Opposite Palace Hotel).
Fan Francisco.
Eastern OfHc«— New York City.
ONCE FAMOUS TENOR
DIES IN POVERTY
NEW YORK DENTAL PARLORS THE LEADERS
at work at their office, 723 Market
Continue to keep all of the old Reliable
Specialists who make and keep the
FRANK N. JOHNSON of the Simmons Hardware Company of St. Louis,
the concern which is leading the fight against the Pacific Coast job
bers now on before the Interstate Commerce Commission, is convinced
that there is no place like California and no hospitality like that of
San Francisco. While a guest yesterday of the Chamber of Commerce on the
tug Governor Markham Mr. Johnson made the following statement;
"San Francisco is to the Pacific Coast what New York is to the Atlantic.
There is nothing that^can stop Its growth, and It Is destined to be one of the
most powerful commercial centers in the Union. No Eastern child is fully
educated until it has been given an opportunity to vlew'this wonderful coun
try, with all Its resources, wealth and generous, big-hearted people.
"While St. Louis is in somewhat of a commercial conflict with the Pacific
Coast there is no acrimony back of it, and the way In which we have been
treated out here cements a bond of friendship which should exist between the
Middle West and the Pacific Slope. Whatever way the contest goes it will
lx>nofit California- Already It has drawn attention to the commercial Impor
tance of this section and the wonderful facilities it has for shipping by water.
The Pacific Coast need ask no favors from any section of the country. It
is already In a position to lead the procession."
Civil Service Examination.
A civil service examination will be held
Brewer Found Bead.
Joseph Wanzel, a brewer who had been
out of employment for several months,
was found asphyxiated by illuminating
"A first-class family hotel. The Bradbury. Ex-
celled cuisine. 1604 California st.. cor. Polk. •
Natural Rights of Man.
The lecture at the Academy of Sciences
last evening was delivered by Miss E.
Nickelson. who spoke on "The Natural
Rights of Man." The lecture was one of
a course on social and economic condi
tions and th© subject was treated from
the standpoint of a socialist. • t
gas yesterday morning In his room in the
Valencia Hot«»I. 713 Valencia street. Ho
had been drinking on Wednesday, and
when he was retiring to his room that
evening he requested the landlord to
awake him early v he wanted to look for
work. The deceased was a native of Ger
many, 30 years old.
in this city on April 17 and IS for two po
sitions as cartographic draughtsmen in
the Hydrographic Office, Navy Depart
ment, at a salary of $1000 per annum each.
Persons desiring to compete should apply
to the United States Civil Service Com
mission. Washington. D. C. for applica
tion forms 304 and 375. which should be
filled out and filed with the commission.
would give them an unfair advantage over
th.- coast jobbers. BE«~^fl
H. Schluckebler, who confesses that
IVtaluma is his home and admits that he
deals in everything from a windmill to a
paper of tacks, did not like the change In
the freight tariff that went into effect
in June, IS3S. His principal complaint
was that it forced him to deal on the Pa
cific Coast, when he had been in the habit
ol buying his goods east of the Rockies.
C. K. h reeman of Oakland, also a hard
ware dealer, testified along the same lines.
A San Jose merchant named A. K.
Holmes followed. His principal complaint
against the present tariff was that it
made his tacks cost him more than pre
viously and that they were a commodity
upon which he could not increase the
price to the consumer. Attorney Pillsbury
drew from him the Information that the
actual advance in the cost of tacks
amounted to less than one-quarter of a
cent a package when the new rates were
being made.
The St. Louis people Introduced W. C.
Andrews of San Jose as a witness for
their side of the question, but under skill
ful cross-examination by Attorney Pills
bury his testimony added strength to the
defense of the California jobbers.
Mr. Andrews admitted that he had en
tered into a compact in San Jose to keep
up the price of nails and sugar and that
he would still be with it if the "other
fellow" had stiuek to the agreement.
The Commissioners will resume the
hearing this morning, and expect to com
plete their labors here to-day.
<=|pHE Interstate Commerce Commis
t-i<m enjoyed some diversion yester-
H day from the humdrum of differen
tials. C. L. rates and L. C. L. ship
ments. Incidentally the members were
given an object lesson in sea transporta
tion and were shown a few things to em-
I'hasize California's claim that the ocean
Is the key to the freight rate problem.
Not only <lid the Commis-sioiiers enjoy the
day's diversion, hut their families and
friend* and th«? guests from the South
mid Middle West and a whole lot of men
prominent in San Francisco commercial
circle* availed themselves of the oppor
tunity to have a <*. [a. lot of fun.
The Chamber of Commerce was the host
of the occasion. The State tug Governor
Markham had l>een placed at Up disposal
iind carried about a hundred guests, in
cluding the distinguished gentlemen from
the Kast, around the bay. The start was
nuuie as soon as the Interstate Commerce
< "ommisj-ior! finished a rather brief but
Interstate Commerce Commissioners Are Guests of the Chamber of Commerce on the Bay.
fruitful morning session. The cruipe ex
tendei as far down the bay as the Union
Iron Works, thence along the cltv water
; Iront. to give an opportunity to view San
! Francisco's- wharf and sea transportation
I facilities. The tug then headed out to the
(Jolden Oat*- until the ladies of the party
: 7 nd one <ir two traffic managers failed
to find any fun in the roll of the sad sea
i waves, and the craft put about and
• headed for Point Richmond, the new ter
minus of the Santa Fe. A landing was
; made at Sausali'c from where the party
eras taken to the summit of Mount Tam
alpais as guests of W. A. Bisoell of the
Santa T r e.
Many of the things the Easterners saw
on the excursion astonished them. The
big hattlophip Wisconsin, now nearing
completion at the Union Iron Works, was
an <<bj< ct of interest, and the view from
the fumrnit of Mount Tamalpais en
tranced the visitors, but what commanded
the attention if the Interstate Commis
sioners was the perfect geographical sit
uation of San Francisco's harbor and the
vast amount of shipping crowding for a
l»f-rth along the city's wharves. It pre
sented more forceful evidence to the com
mission than all the oral testimony the
local jobbers could offer, and the Com
missioners Rave it full consideration.
In anticipation of the trip around the
hay th" Commissioners met early yester
day morninu. A few retailers from the
interior who throw their Jobbing- trade
to Eastern houses were called upon to
bolster up the prayer of the Middle West
wholesalers for a reduction of differentials
and a readjustment of freight rates that
Commerce Commissioners and Middle
West Jobbers Marvel at San Fran
cisco's Shipping Facilities. %
EASTERNERS GIVEN
AN OBJECT LESSON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1900.
OR. JORDAN'S great,!
f fIfILSEBB OF m&n&M
\ *JT Th * Larger V!»«on»ical Museum in the
L ncSfl' ?"**¦•* P-* lll '*-** «¦«•«»« l»y the oldiit "
£* : Xi i^* claltitc «' t *«Co«M. 1»L jt years *j»
£ ftSSs CR - JQR "S-oriv A t E DISEASES 4
i f Vi.TVv? Consultation Urr and stT ir tly pml> »
9 H ¥%{ Xl > ;'" K ?U."""" ll * U rnr n byiet.er. A A
iB / ll /lo "** <w * II ' cv ce r ytaieuodert*kn». T
9t a ll ' Jt'2 e J7J£** r*iw.«rnv.rA
T II I **«««¦*«-•-. MAILfcO FKEB. (AT
A fc» 11 """^'c b«ifc *« cuul \
7 ort Jroui>AXA«:o..lOSlMarketHt..B. PW
5GREEN CLOTH DRESS
The dress represented is of soft celery
green cloth. The corsage has a front of
white draped lace, with a bow on the
chest. The waistband is of velvet to
match. The skirt is made of stitched
pleats down the sides and trimmed with
lace embroidery. •
We had the kissing bug last summer, and now this
early in the seasDn the Eastern . States have been
fluttered by the appearance in Chicago of a creature
known as the Mexican nose bug, warranted to give
any citizen a Cyrano de Bergerac proboscis at one
touch.
3ad as the situation in Kentucky appears to out
siders, the full horror of it can hardly be known, and,
moreover, it must have been menacing for a long
time back, for now comes Senator Blackburn and
jays he has not taken a'drink in eighteen months.
If all the reports of Russian advance be true. Great
Britain will find that even if she annex the Transvaal
she will have lost more in Asia than she gains in
Africa. She seems to be up against a game in which
it is heads she loses and t£ls she don't win.
A coterie of people in New York claim to have
discovered a means of living a hundred years, and it
is probable they are now indulging the hope of living
to see. the end of the Philippine war.
Fritrht of the plague is making Honolulu a port of
. fear to travelers. The local yellow journal ought to
send a special commissioner to the island city to help
along the horror.
The local health official who. was dismissed for ac
cepting a bribe of a dollar must be suffering from a
painful realization that some irien are cheap.
WITH the amended shipping bill submitted to
the House on Saturday, General Grosvenor,
chairman of the Committee on Merchant
Marine and Fisheries, made an elaborate report on
the condition of the shipping industry of the United
States as compared with that of other nations, which
in a striking manner illustrates how far we have
lagged behind our competitors for the commerce of
the world, and how important it is that we should
at once adopt a wiser policy with respect to our ocean
interests. -tf^
Attention is directed to the rapidity with which
steam is supplanting sail power on ocean vessels.
The report says: "In sail Great Britain has declined
45 per cent since 1873-74; the United States has de
clined 40 per cent; Norway has remained station
ary; Italy has •declined 59, Germany 40, France 64,
and all other nations 26 per cent, the average for all
being the same as that for the United States. In
steam sea-going tonnage since 1873-74 there has
everywhere been an increase, the following percent
ages showing its magnitude: Great Britain, 311;
United States, 68; France, 200; Germany, 693;
Spain, 275; Italy. 395; Holland, 399; Russia, 430;
Norway, 1410; and all others, excepting Japan, 504.
Japan's statistics only go back one decade, during
which her increase has been 382 per cent. There was
an average increase in the sea-going steam tonnage of
all nations of 336 per cent since 1873-74. It appears,
then, that with our great population, industry, re
sources and enterprise, we stand at the very foot of
the column."
Owing to the lack of building ships rapidly enough
to keep pace with commerce, our share of our own
foreign carrying trade has diminished from a -little
over 26 per cent of the whole to less than g per- cent
during the last quarter of a century. Our average
annual construction of ocean steamships, most of
which are for the coastwise trade, for ten years past
has been only 21,000 tons, while the British annual
construction has averaged 968,000 tons.
The elements of cost of ocean transportation are
three— the cost of construction, the cost of mainte
nance and the cost of operating ships. Evidence *s
given in the report showing that ship construction in
Great Britain averages about 25 per cent lower than
in the United States. As to the cost of operation the
report says "that. the average wages paid to Ameri
can seamen on sailing vessels crossing the Atlantic is
$20, and to British seamen $14 per month; on long
voyages from the Pacific Coast to Great Britain
American wages were from $15 to $20/ and British
$12 15 to $14 58 per month, on such voyages Ameri-
Hoke Smith and his newspaper, the Atlanta Jour
nal, have parted company, and now we shall see
whether he made the paper or the paper made him.
Victoria's visit to Ireland as a compliment to Rob
erts and the Irish soldiers who have distinguished
themselves'in the South African war is undoubtedly
a well meaning act, but the Irish would like it better
if she had decided to take her foot off Ireland alto
gether and keep her hands out of its business.
can boatswains receiving $22 to $25 and the British
from $19 44 to* s24 30. So that it appears on the whole
the British wages on sailing vessels were somewhat
less than thr»e-fourths the American wages. On pas
senger steamships in the transatlantic trade seaman's
wages in American vessels were only slightly larger,
but for other portions of the crew, such as firemen,
trimmers, coal passers, etc., the American wages were
$40, the British average being just about one-half the
American pay."
In addition to the advantages of cheap construc
tion and cheap wages, the foreign ship-owners are
aided by large subsidies from their Governments. In
the aggregate these foreign subsidies amount an
nually to more than $26,000,000. Against such fa
vored competitors it is of course impossible for our
shipping interests to maintain themselves, and as a
result our trade is now dependent upon the vessels
of our competitors. We cannot expect foreign ship
owners or foreign captains to extend our trade for
us. To find a market for our increasing products we
must provide ships of our own, and the sooner we
do so* the better will it be for us.
CONSTITUTIONAL VIGOR.
IN debating the Hawaiian bill the Democrats in
Congress have enlarged upon their contention that
all of our newly acquired external possessions are
automatically under the full constitution of the
United States.
De Armond 'of Missouri, who is regarded as the
leading lawyer of the House, on the Democratic side,
said "the constitution is in Hawaii ofits own vigor."
This backs Senator Jones of Arkansas, who said "the
treaty of Paris extended the constitution, with all its
immunities, privileges and blessings, to Porto Rico
and the Philippines."
When Colonel Bryan spoke at Sacramento, on the
26th of last month, over his head was a shield in
scribed, "The constitution follows the flag." In the
speech made under that shield Bryan said: "I
favored the ratification of the treaty of Paris not be
cause it was right, but because we could remedy its
faults by legislation better than we could by diplo
macy with a hostile nation." As a solution he pro
posed to let the Filipinos set up an independent gov
ernment.
Now let us look at all this for a moment. The
treaty put the flag in the Philippines, and Bryan ad
mits that he favored the treaty. Jones and De Ar
mond and the Bryan leaders say that the constitution
goes with the flag, and Bryan spoke with that
declaration over his head and in sight of his audience.
Will he or any member of his party tell us how ter
ritory once under the constitution can be got from
under it and alienated? Such territory has become a
part of the Union, as Senator Jones declares. There-
fore to alienate it is a dissolution of the Union.
Colonel Bryan says the faults of the treaty could be.
remedied by legislation. ¦ Does he contend that when
the constitution, of its own vigor, or by any other
means, has extended over territory such territory can
secede by the act of its people or by legislative au
thority?
When we are dealing with constitutional questions
it rs well to remember that we are considering fun
damental law, not a repealable statute.
The secession issue rose in this country over this
very question. It was contended that territory that
had been under the constitution could secede. Against
this the Union party declared that the territory of the
Union was indissoluble. Upon the issue thus joined
the Civil War was fought, and by its result the de
cision was made, by a power higher than courts and
Congresses, that Federal territory is inalienable.
Now Mr. Bryan proposes by legislation to alienate
what Jones, »De Armond and himself declare to be
Federal territory, "entitled to all the rights, immuni
ties and blessings of the constitution."
It is plain that from his own view of the constitu
tion he proposes to dissolve the Union. After he has
legislated part of the Union out. what is to hinder
any part of it going? If the Philippines can go in
peace from the flag and the constitution, what answer
can be made if South Carolina and Mississippi claim
the right to go also, as they and all the South claimed
it in 1861?
It will be seen that the Bryan theory of the con
stitution is exactly that held and fought for by Jef
ferson Davis, and that under it there is no difference
between anti-expansion and secession.
It is expected by Colonel Bryan and his associates
that the Supreme Court will decide the Porto Rico
tariff to be unconstitutional, thus supporting their
theory. If the court so decide, and hold that these
islands are parts of the Federal Union, and Colonel
Bryan become President and his party legislate the
islands out of the Union, do they expect the Supreme
Court to decide such legislation constitutional? If
so, we demand to know on what grounds. Such a
decision would reverse the settlement of the Civil
War. and reopen the whole question again.
This position of Colonel Bryan and his party lead
ers is of. importance in view of his persistent bid for
the votes .of those who oppose expansion. The anti
expansionists are people of high intelligence, and they
see plainly that under the Bryan theory they have no
possible standing. If that theory be affirmed at the
polls, any reaction against expansion is a movement
to dissolve the Union.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April s.— Alex J. Cook of
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RUSSIAN ARMY-J. S.. city. According
to the latest published reports the war
strength of the Russian army is 5.209.564
officers and men: on a peace footing 949,-
ISS.
THIS HAS A PREMIUM— C. 11. H..
city. A United States dollar of ISOO com
mands a premium of 'from 20 cents to 50
cents. The price charged by dealers for
such is $2 75 to $3 50.
PROPERTY IN TRUST— M.. Alameda.
Cal. If property was left in trust for
certain heirs and the heirs have been
legally .entitled to the same for seven
years one of the heirs who desires to ob
tain his just proportion should -make a
demand upon the trustees for the same
and if the trustees decline or refuse, to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UfuOTHEuIICOI
are dangerous; they weaken
the constitution, inflame the
lungs, and often lead to
Pneumonia. Cough syrups
ire useless. The system must
be given strength and force
to throw off the disease.
Scctts smufeicfiL
will dc this. - It strengthens
the lungs and builds up the
entire system. It conquers
che inflammation, cures the
cough, and prevents serious
croubje.
_^^_jo«. and Jtt 00. all drmrrists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, ChemistoTNew Y«rlt.
A Title of Honor.
Two workingmen were looking at an Il-
lustrated paper containing portraits of
heroes of the war In South Africa. On
coming to a picture of Lord Roberts one
of them read out: "Field Marshal Lord
Roberts. V. C. G. C. B. "What's G. C. B.
mean. Jim?"
"Why, 'generally railed Bobs.' of course.
Didn't you know that?" answered his
friend scornfully.— Answers.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> atTownsend'a."
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th<»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), s»> Mom-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
THE SHIPPING INDUSTRY.
A GOOD SUGGESTION
TT~jOR the solution of the much discussed problem
J of improving our consular service the Boston
* Globe makes a suggestion which has the double
merit of originality and business sense. It proposes
that our representatives in the commercial centers of
the world be chosen from among the. men who have
distinguished*themselves in business as commercial
travelers, and in favor of the proposition advances
certain evidences of the usefulness of such men in
building up and expanding our foreign commerce.
Thus, it is said, "there is one American commer
cial traveler in South Africa who in . the past six
months has sold three shiploads -of our manufactured
goods in that country, and has written valuable letters
of advice to United States manufacturers, which will
enable them to make special goods for that market
and employ iooo hands in making furniture, hard
ware, glass and brass for prosperous towns in the
South African gold country, the war to the contrary
notwithstanding. Another went to Japan, and after
selling $150,000 worth of goods proceeded to India.
He writes that the British Consuls are the best in
formed Consuls abroad, and that they keep on file
nearly all the principal daily and trade papers of
Great Britain in" comfortable rooms, where native
merchants resort every steamer day to get the latest
news about British manufactures."
The suggestion is the more commendable because
just at this time a considerable number of able and
energetic commercial travelers have lost their posi
tions in domestic trade by reason, of the consolidation
of various business houses into trusts or combines.
These men. being now out of employment, are avail
able for the consular sen-ice. . As they have been
trained to the work of drumming up trade, and as
they are, moreover, fitted for it by natural inclination
and talent, it is evident they would be far more
valuable in the service than nine-tenths of the men
who have entered it solely as a means of getting- re
wards for political work.
; The suggestion is worth the attention of Chambers
of Commerce, Manufacturing Associations and other
bodies interested in the export trade, and if earnest
efforts be made they may procure the appointment of
many of these energetic commercial men to positions
abroad where they would work up a trade for Ameri
can goods of all kinds within a comparatively short
time. /
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
In his ambition to be President Admiral Dewey is
not inclined to declare his preference for any politi
cal party. A few of the recent events in his career
suggest that perhaps the women suffragists might be
willing to take him up.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. C. L. Gregory of Yreka is at the
11. J. Laughlin. a banker of Santa
Ynez, Is at the Grand.
John Flemming. a borax man of At
water. Is at the Russ.
* U. C. Creller. a mine owner of Grass
Valley, is at the Grand.
J. H. Batcher, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand. ,
E.. G. McPike. a bonanza farmer of
Westley, is at the Ruhs.
C. "W. Pendleton. an attorney of Los
Angeles, is at the Grand.
Dr. Ernest Roberton and wife of Auck
land are at the California.-
Captain E. P. Newhall, a mining man of
Grayson, is staying at the Russ.
Rev. Joseph King and wife, returning
missionaries, are at the Occidental.- .-;;
Colonel W. Forsyth, an extensive raisin
grower of Fresno, is at the Occidental.
A. P. ITalfhill of the California Fish
Company of Los Angeles Is at the Grand.
Dr. White Wolf, a medical practitioner
from the Choctaw reservation, is at the
Russ. * .
John W. Mitchell, an attorney and well
known politician of Los Angeles, is at the
Palace.
R. B. Marshall of Washington, member
of the Coast and Geodetic Survey, is at
the Occidental.
John F. Carrere, a member of the State
Lunacy Commission, from Sacramento, is
jat'the California,
Major H. E. Banatvala. an officer of the
British army in India, is at the Occiden
tal, on his way to England.
Rev. J. H. Taylor and wife, missionaries
who have spent many years in Shanghai,
are at the Occidental. They are bqund
for their old home in London.
W. J. Arkell, president of the Judge
Publishing Company of New York, after
a trip through Mexico and a brief visit in
this city, left, for his home In New York
last night.
Guy A. Buell of Stockton arrived at the
Grand yesterday to take charge of the
remains of his brother, P. A. Buell. who
died suddenly on Wednesday night.
Dean C. Worcester, the' Philippine Com
missioner from Ann Arbor, Mich., will ar
rive here on the 11th inst. He will be ac
companied by his family and secretary.
They sail for Manila about the 16th, on
the transport Hancock.
Professor E. S. Meers, a noted scientist
of London^ came upon. the Moana from
New Zealand, where he has been experi
menting with some, now instruments* in
high altitudes. Mrs. Forbes, his aunt, ac
companied him on the trip. They are at
the California.
Mrs. Snow Miller, a sister of the great
British field marshal. Lord Roberts, ar
rived from Australia yesterday on the
steamer Moana. Because of • quarantine
regulations she will" likely not be permit
ted to land before Saturday. Mrs. Miller
Is to be the guest; of Rev. Charles M.
Sheppard, pastor of the Franklin-street
Presbyterian Church.
San Francisco i 3 at the Astor; J. L. Ga
len of San Francisco is at the Waldorf;
K. A. Phelps of San Francisco is at the
Holland: L. Dewttt of San Francisco is at
the Empire.
account to him his only remedy would ba
by bringing the matter into court. This
department knows of no way by which
the clajmant could bring the matter into
court without the assistance of an at
torney.
TO COPYRIGHT A PLAT— If you desire
to copyright a play, you must inclose a
fee of 60 cents (postal order) in an en
velope, together with the title of the play
and name of the claimant of. copyright,
either printed or typewritten, on a sheet
of paper of the size known as commercial
note, and deposit the same within the
mail in any part of the I'nited States.
prepaid and directed to the Librarian of
Congress. Washington. D. C As soon as
you have done that, you are at liberty to
have the play produced and you will be
protected, provided, that on the day of tho
first presentation of the play you mall to
the Librarian of Congress two complete
copies of the best edition of the play.
Without complying with this proviso, the
copyright is not complete An additional
50 cents will entitle the claimant for copy
right to a certificate of such copyright.
By writing to the Librarian of Congress
he' will furnish you a blank form or ap
plication, then there will not be any mis
take made if the printed instructions are
followed. The same method must be fol
lowed in regard to anything that is sub
ject of copyright.
pretender any favor that her other titled
admirers do not enjoy. The Prince him
self has behaved with no more than the
gallantry that one would expect from an
accomplished royal adventurer in the
presence of a charming girl with $2,000,000
of her own and expectations. ~
When Miss French, under her'mamma s
wing, went to Paris last autumn to enjoy
her uncle's hospitality there was launched
at his home. 52 Avenue dcs Champa Ely
sees a carefully planned campaign to
wean her from -the- Vanderbilt Influence
ard lift her to the loftiest pinnacles of
.European society.
Everything American was excluaea
from the scope of this campaign. The
aim was to make Elsie French a Parl
slenne. All the factors were in favor of
this plan. Edward Tuck no longer con
siders himself an American. His house
is a meeting place of Europeans. He ts
chews the American colony. His country
men are not favored with invitations to
his house. Few of them know of the
splendor in which he lives.
Besides his Paris mansion, Mr. Tuck
millions. It would b« almost Inconceiva
ble if the jilt were any other than Elsie
French, to whom millions are a bore and
the homage of nobles a delight. She 1*
encouraged In her revolt against the old
attachment by her sister. Hon. Mrs. Her
bert Eaton, one of the most beautiful and
successful of American women In Eng
land. Mrs. Eaton Is an ornament of thp
smartest society of London and a favored
guest at Marlborough house. The bril
liancy of her position has helped greatly
to turn the mind of her younger sister in
the direction of a- foreign alliance. Elsie
French has In past seasons been Mr?.
Eaton's guest In London, and a couple of
years ago -was presented by her to the
Queen. The Hon. Mrs. Eaton Is aiding
Mr. Tuck"s campaign with all her heart,
and she will be one ot the guests at Mal
maison In the summer.
Elsie French Is not a brunette, as one
might imagine from the photograph. Her
hair is red gold, her eyes are blue. She Is
one of the most beautiful girls that have
gone across the sea to dazzle the eyes of
Europeans. - '\\
ELSIE FRENCH IN THE COSTUME IN WHICH SHE WAS THE CYNOSURE OF ALL EYES
AT THE GREAT BRADLEY- MARTIN BALL
i.= the lion fn the path of Alfrpd Gwynne
Vanderbilt. His name is Edward Tuck.
He is more Farisian than the Parisians.
He is the owner of Malmaison. His sym
pathies are aristocratic. Having millions
of his own he can afford to scorn the
millions of others. Edward Tuck dotes on
his niece. He is ambitious for her futur^.
He thinks that she is too good to preside
over the household of the chief of all the
Vanderbilts. From his point of view hor
sphere lies in some patrician home of Eu
rope. He thinks highly of Prince Henri
d'Or^eans does Mr. Tuck, late of New
York, and Print*V> Henri la often pleased
to accept Mr. Tuck's hospitality. And
just at present the Prince is in very bad
odor in England on account of his letter
complimenting a French editor on a car
toon he published of Queen Victoria. He
has been expelled from several swell Eng
lish clubs and in a pet has sold his resi
dences in England.
Mr. Tuck has not coupled the name of
Prince Henri with that of his niece. Miss
French has not bestowed on the royal
MUNICIPAL MORALITY.
/"^ RANTING the impossibility of the complete '
I ~~T extirpation of those vices which generate tn ]
citk?. including gambling, pool-selling and j
other allurements of chance, which impair the hon- j
esty and destroy the principles of their devotees, the ;
fact is indisputable that their repression is one of the |
duties of municipal government.
The decent people of this city demand, of right,
that every energy of their government be exened j
against dives, gilded or otherwise, whether above j
jrround or below, and against every form of gam- •
bling obnoxious to the law, and therefore the proper j
subject of government objection and destruction.
Ministers 01 the Gospel here and abroad have I
habitually declared that San hrancisco is the wicked
ftp*/ "trij
cst city in the country. That is only one way of sav
ing that it has the wickedest government, for these
flaunting or secret forms ot vice can exist only by
the collusion or indifference of the city government.
It is time that this sort of advertisement of this city
cease- It can be ended only by making it manifestly
untrue, and that is the duty of the government elected
by the people. We are perfectly well aware that.it
is said that the various classes which take a profit
out of vice and crime influence the election of our
public officers. But against that is set the fact that
decent people who do not profit out of crime and
would not, but who are losers by it. injured in many
ways by its presence, also influence the election of
public officers and would defeat any candidate who is
an ally of the criminal and vicious classes if they
knew of such alliance.
Government is for the clean and decent people who
live under it. not for the unclean and indecent, ex
rept to force them to obey the law and cease their
No one can dispute the proposition that it is within
tneipower ot the city government to besom from the
town all the classes and places that offend morality
and decency, and justify in any way the injurious
t-tstement of our morai status.
The city frovernment can run thi<= as a "wide open"
city or can compei its moral purgation. The great
majority of thi< community are moral, law abiding
and clean people. But their virtues are not consid
ered in comparison with the scarlet vices of the small
minority, who exist by fattening on the vicious and
the credulous. Virtue and order go their quiet way.
They are the normal state of the majority. Every day
they do those things approved of public policy and
good conscience, which are taken as a matter of
course.
But vice makes more stir by one manifestation than
virtue by a thousand quiet sets. It is not hard to
control the vicious minority. It can be swept out of
the city in a week, and the city -government has the
broom for the work. Let it be used.
EDUCATIONAL QUESTIONS.
WC. DOUB, Superintendent of Schools for
Kern County, has contributed to the discus
• sion of public school problems in this State
a volume entitled "Educational Questions," in which
he reviews most of the issues now subjects of con
troversy among teachers. The chapters dealing with
the various topics are brief, and, as the author says
in his preface, "the discussions are short sometimes
even to bluntness, the object being to call the atten
tion .of the reader directly to the evil and to the
remedy, and to avoid bewildering the mind with de
tails."
The subjects of the work are: "The Certification
of Teachers." "Relation of the University to the
Cofirses of Study in the Elementary and Primary
Schools," "The Courses of Study in Elementary
Schools," "Grammar by the Inductive Method," and
"The State Textbook System."
Mr. Doub is one of those who are opposed to the
State textbook system. He says uniformity in the
textbooks of the State is good, and cheapness of the
textbook to the pupil is good, but a high quality of
subject matter in the textbook is absolutely essential
to good work; and he concludes that the State text
books are so deficient in quality that the defect more
than counterbalances all the benefits derived from uni
formity and cheapness. By way of remedy he sug
gests there should be a uniform series of textbooks
used in the elementary and secondary schools of the
State, but that all textbooks should be selected, not
written by contract, by the State Board of Educa
tion.
There is a danger that this remedy would result in
a change of schoolbooks every time the book ring
had a new work it wished to place on the market. It
would be urged by the ring that the new work is ud
to date and the old textbook a back number. There
would be about as many objections to the books in
use under that system as to those in use now, and the
frequency with which changes would be made would
add a good deal to the expense of parents in supply
ing their children with textbooks.
President Wheeler of the State University, in
speaking of his objections to the State textbook sys
tem, was careful to point out that in making any
change it would be necessary to guard carefully
against the book ring. By way of providing a safe
guard Mr. Doub would have the State Board of Edu
cation composed of the State Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, the president of the University of Cali
fornia, president of Stanford University, the profes
sor at the head of the department of education of
each of these universities, and the presidents of the
State Normal Schools. Of a Board of Education so
composed he says: "The majority will very likely
consist of men who cannot be swayed in their selec
tion of textbooks by favoritism or by monetary con
siderations." Thus his plan of getting rid of State
textbooks involves getting rid of the present form
of the State Board of Education, and to something
like a revolution in our school system.
An ¦ Ambitious Uncle of 'the ' fretty yy O \ii\g bady War%ts Her to
Marry a frince and fJot the American Heir to Millions.
ALFRED GWYNNE VANDERBILT
ie In danger of losing Elsie French,
the girl he has loved from, child
hood. Far from being a betrothed,
or almost betrothed pair, as society in
New York and A»ewport has fondly be
lieved, they were never so far from mar
riage as now, when the young man Is the
head of his family.
It was an inkling of what was going on
in Paris that brought him in alarm across
the sea to claim his girlish sweetheart.
The. youthful master of the Vanderbilt
millions has many rivals. Elsie French's
suitors bear some of the. proudest names
that appear in the Almanach de Gotha.
As her uncle's guest her life is a dream of
gayety and splendor.
That rich and disdainful uncle of hers
, owns Malmaison, the famous home to
iwhteh Josephine would flee with Napo
leon whm the cares of state and court
bore too heavily. It was here the Em
£«>«.» livpd after her divorce, and it was
X! ho£e Napoleon loved best of all his
P£ Mr C€ Tuck purchased the place about six
years aVo and has had it restored and
converting It Into an enc^n ted palace
The grounds have been fitted with .an
electric system, which enables him with
the touch of a button to transform the
whole place into a fairyland of light and
to record the jilting otAnlrrt^
proachable young man worth a hundred
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1900.
YOUNG MR. VANDERBILT FINDS OBSTACLES
IN THE PATHWAY OF LOVE FOR MISS FRENCH
FRIDAY APRIL 6, 1900
=
JOHN Q SPRECKECSk Proprietor:
n_r-LjT_-_i-._»->--vj-o-_-un_i-u--- --- -%. -t-~lj- _r_n_j- _-i_-i_-_ri_- i--_- - - " "'"* l
Address Ali Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Mai»eger.
l't ai.ICATIO.I OFPICE..Itark«t and Tlitrd. S. F,
Teleyhone Main 186 S. . / v
EDITORIAX. R00M5....517 to 221 *t«v*n—m St.
Telephone Maiu 1574.
Dellrered by Carriers 15 Cents Per We«k.
St»«le Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. InoladLnar Poirtpei
r>AJI,Y CAJLI. <includJn« Stra&ar). ot* year $«0*
DAILT CALL (including Stioday). 6 aontti» 300 i
DAILY CALL (including Suod«y)*B month* ICO
7>AILT CALL— By Singi* Mouth *3o ;
KUNDAT CALL One T««.r _.......... L5O
WKEKLT CALL Oo« Te*r ~ !•©•
All 9cufiu««tcrt sir* aotborUet t« •'«••.! '¦<¦
¦ sJ»wrr!ptlon«.
Saaxple o©f>l«w will be forwarded tvsi»n >«4iwst«A.
U4KI.VXO OFFICE 111S Brondtray. !
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Vanager Foreign Advertising. Marqustto Buying, Chie«go4 j
SnCW TOaK CORRESPOJCDZNTI
C C CftRLTON .. .HeraM Square
XETW TORK RBPRBSEJTIVk.'nVB:
STEPWIW B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buttdtng !
_— —
CffiCACO NEWS STANDS:
niini i«s B«im: P. O. Mews Co.; Ores* itorOtara Het»li |
fiwiit Hoeas; Auiltjcrlum Betel.
XK%V TOKK NEWS BTAOTS6J
TTMMisr tiluk Hot*!; A. Brentana. 81 Union (kraar«l
SCntmy EIU BtXeL
"WASHNK3TON (D. O OFFICE Wellington Hotej
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
BHABfCH OFFICES— f 27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:S0 o'doct 300 Hayes, open until 930 o"c!ock. <53»
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
8:30 o'clock. ISMI Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096
Valencia, cpen until J o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
9 o'clock. NW, corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpbetrm— Vaud evllle.
Alcstar— "Quo Vadls."
Gr»a3 Opera-house— "The Begpsr Stodent-"
California— "On th« S-jwacee River."
California— Padprerwski, next Sunday nleht.
Columbia— •'Mr. Smooth."
Flecher'e Concert Hous* — "Faust."
Tivoll— "Manila Bound."
Chutes. Zoo and Thea.ter— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveclr.*.
OSyn-.pla. corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
El Campo — Dancing, bowline, fishing, etc., every Sunday.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
6*i y-
O Gertrude Atherton's latest i*
*^ work is a novel dealing with p
American political life. It
p will not be published in t\
§ America until May 1. Hext
i» Sunday's Call will contain a Cj
Q full page review of the book.
X ~ if
STEINWAY PIANOS
USED AT ALL
PADEREWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Pieifie Cent atpmintstivei.
REYNOLD'S
Gout or Rheumatism, if on the first approach
of tbe paroxysm they have recour»e to this rexn-
edv • then, a single dose is often sufficient.
j».VoLt.i:n.v a co.. 3e<so x. winiuni st-.v. v.
lA/. X. HESS,
KOTAar PCdLIo 1 AND ATTOEH3T-AT-LAT7.
Tenth" Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckelß Hid*.
Telephone Brown S3L
Residence, til Califorcia st.. below Powell.
Ean Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to sexual organs. . Depot. 32} Market.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
Holiday for the Printers.
The directors of the Employing Print
ers' Association have given notice that
Saturday, May 19, will be made a print
ers' holiday, and that a picnic will take
place at El Campo, similar to the picnics
of the butchers and grocers. The print
ers, bookbinders, lithographers, engravers,
electrotypers, paper dealers, ink manu
facturers, type founders and wholesale
stationers have agreed to close their
doors. There will be competitive games.
The circular announcing the event says:
"It is said that the errand boys, who are
divided into two classes, are In for it heart
and soul, and it is suggested that first
and second prises should be offered for
the boy taking- the longest time and giv
ing the best excuse for it in delivering a
note from the secretary to the president
on printers' day."
Boat crews have been entered from the
establishments of the H. S. Crocker
Company. Hicks-Judd Company and the
C. A. Murdock Company. Prizes have been
contributed by . Payot & Upham, John
Paftridge and Cunningham, Curtiss &
Welch. George F. Neal. manager of the
Commercial Publishing Company, is presi
dent; E. D. Taylor, of the Stanley-Taylor
Company. Is vice president, and George
Norton, of the firm of Vandewater & Nor
ton, serves as secretary.
BE SURE Wjl Tl Xf\(r\ W
to buy 4jiuin.Jivyi(&i y
THE :: : _ g/
SPECIAL EASTER EDITION,
APRIL 8," i9oo.^o»j*oto6*>t^
The Most Magnificent Collection of •
ir\j£-a JL- lI aJI 11 \J kJ iD ir llv 11 U lrviL^*-^
EVER OFFERED.
MISSION WORKERS
IN ANNUAL SESSION
Miss Cameron Tells of Her Rescue
"Work — Interesting Papers
Bead.
The Vecnnd day's session of the twenty
seventh annual meeting of the Woman's
Occidental Board of Foreign Missions, at
the Mission on Sacramento street yester
day, was well attended. The programme
was an interesting one and was followed
with attention by the large audience pres
ent. The morning and afternoon were
given over to the reading of papers telling
of the practical side of the mission work
and the offering of Interesting facts as
welt as figures.
The most applauded paper ov me day
was Miss Cameron'?, in which were plain
ly get forth some of the marvelous things
the lady has atcomplished in her rescue
work. Other speakers of the day included
Mrs. M. H. Field. Mrs. P. D. Browne.
Mr? 'II B. Smith. Mrs. J. W. Dinsmore.
Mr« N". G. Dennett. Mrs. F. H. Reed.
Mrs. H. T. Ames, Mrs. W. T. Gorham.
Mrs. J. J. Gilbert. Mrs. W. H. Thomas.
Mr* J B. Henne. Mr?. Crulckshank. Mrs.
\ L. Taylor. Mrs. M. M. Harding, Mrs.
Thomas Day, Mrs. Sturse. Mrs. Amy Sax
ton and Mrs. B. C. Atterbury-
In the evening there was a delightful
rally of the young people of the Mission.
Long Term Awaits Him.
George Smith, alias Peter Schulta. -was
yesterday held to answer before, the Bu
perlor Court by Judge Cabaniss on two
charges of burglary in 12000 bonds on each
charge. He broke into the warehouse of
j G Ward & Co., 116 California street,
and stole a typewriter belonging to Miss
Carrie P. . Sell. He also broke Into the
Gibraltar warehouse, corner of Bansome
and Filbert streets, and stole an over
coat belonging to A. S. Iseal.
COLUMBIAN
LAST J NIGHTS-MATINEE BATCRDAY.
Smyth and Rice present Comedian
WILLIE COLLIER
— In His Own New Farce —
MR. SMOOTH.
La*t Performance Sunday Night.
Beg. NEXT MONDAY—
\A/7Y\. H. \A/EST'S BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE!
The Greatert Minstrel Orjranl ration Extant.
FPECIAL PRI<~Eg-250. SOe, 75c and »1.00.
*T8 VQLi*
EVERY EVENING. MATINEE SATURDAY.
Tt« Merry, Mutlcal Extravaganza,
MANILA BOUND
Don't Mies the Topical Sonc*. Duets, etc
Ere the "HOOT M<">N GOLF BALLET."
H«er the "GREAT PATRIOTIC FINALE."
Popular Prices 25 and 58 Cents
Telephone Bn»h •.
NEXT WEEK-
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL"
April lEth— Macr^lceat Production of
"THE WIZARD OF THE NiLE."
A NEW BILL OF HIGH-CLASS
NOVELTIES!
MATTHEWS AND HARRIS; HARRY
COGILL and MAY ARLEA;
EARLE and SHEPHERD;
CARRIE BEHR;
KENO, XTELCH and MELROSE;
LONEY HASKELL; W. C. FIELDS;
A, L. GUILLE;
CHARLES SWEET.
JW»rved P»at», 25<?: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chair* and Box Peats. 50e.
Matinee*— Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
»&»•»*»
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY
Massive ProductlA
"QUO VADIS!"
80 PEOPLE ON THE. STAGE.
S— GRE/\T SCENES— S
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
SEATS NOW SELLINO FOR NEXT WEEK
of the negative. This being the case, of
course the first thing to decide on is which
is wanted, a "printing out" paper or a
developing out" paper. We shall con
sider a collodion "printing out" paper by
way of illustration. Such paper can be
obtained from any stock house In the
country. Before we begin printing It ia
necessar>- to have two or three printing
frames. These should be the same size
(interiors) as the negatives. The printing
frame la simply a shallow box with a
back nttirg in with two springs for press
ing it into close contact with thfi negative.
Place the negative in the frame with the
nlm side up or toward you. Now take
a shec-t of paper from the box it comes in
ar.d place the film side of the paper in
contact with the film ni the negative.
Place the back in the frame and press the
?prings Into position. The tilm side of the
paper is glossy and Is easily recognized.
Alter the negative and paper have been
placed in the frame they are ready for
printing. This should be * done in the
shade, or if done in the direct rays of the
sun one or two thicknesses of tissue paper
should cover the opening. If the tissue
paper is preferred all that 13 necessary
is to glue the tissue all around the frame
over the negatives and then place the
frame out on the window sill or shelf fac
ing the sun. If the printing is done in
the shade no tis3ue paper will he needed.
Go over the negatives very carefully with
a camel's hair dusting brush and remove
all du3t and lint lust before fixing nega
tive and paper in frame. The prints should
remain in the frame until they are about
two shades darker than wanted In the
finished print. They can be examined at
any time during the process by opening
half the frame. Care should be taken
not to allow a strontr light to strike the
paper when examining the print. Thft pic
tures will tone much lighter than they ap
pear when printed.
The next process Is that of tonina:. It la
In this process that the- pictures are given
their final lasting color. The first thing
to do in toning a collodion gloss print la
to get it into such a condition that It will
not curl. Take a smooth bottom tray and
pour into It water enough to cover the
bottom to a depth of about one-half Inch,
slide the prints into thia face down on*
at a time and pack them tightly one on
top of another all over the bottom of the
tray In an irreprilar mass. Be sure that
each print is thoroughly wet before plac
ing another on top of It and do not pile
the prints directly on top of each other,
but let only a part of one cover the one
beneath it. This will give an Irregular
heap and prevent their curling over each
other at the edges.
When all the prifits are In pour off the
water and pour on fresh water, about the
same quantity; rock the tray back and
forth for about five minutes, holding the
prints flat. This prevents the edpe of one
print from leaving a red streak on an
other print. After rockinp the tray pour
off the water and press the prints down
flat with the palm of the hand and allow
all the water to drain off, after which
stand the tray up on edsre and let the pic
tures drain for five minutes. Go throuph
thLs washing: process apain and acraln.
pivinff the prints at least six changes of
fresh water. The better way to do this
Is to have two washing: trays and to han
dle prints from one to another. The prints
are then ready for the toning bath, which
is made as follows:
Water : 80 ounces
Salt 30 grains
Saturated solution acetate soda. .H ounce
Aristo g-old 1 dram
Then add of a saturated solution of bo
rax enouph to turn red litmus paper blue
in about five minutes.
This bath should be roade and let stand
for several hours before used. Make It
on© day and use It th« next. Place th<*
prints In this bath one at a tlm*s and do
not put In more than can be easily attend
ed to or streaked tones may be the result.
It Fhould take about eipht minutes for
each print to tone In this bath. If It re-
Quires a lonper time add enough of the
gold to brlnp the speed of the bath up to
that point. Ton© In this bath until the
tone wanted has been reached, then take
out and place In clear water until all axe
toned.
After toning 1 Rive them two chantres of
fresh water, after which the pictures are
ready for the fixing bath. This consists
of hyposulphite of soda to test fifteen
pralns by the. hydrometer. Place all tho
prints into the bath one at a time and
leave them In it for fifteen minutes, when
they should be washed In running water
for one hour. They are then ready for
mounting.
Notes— 1. Yellow whites indicate too
much borax in the TErold bath. 2. PlnK
whites show too little borax In the sold
bath. 3.. The baths, both pnld and hypo,
should bis at ft. temperature of about *v> de
prees. 4. The salt In the g"old bath is to
restrain the hi?h llsrhts ard prevent them
from overtoninp and allowing the shadows
and high lights to tone up evenly to
pether. .>. The pold Is the toninsr apent or
that which chancres the tone of the print.
6. The acetate of soda pives richer tones.
7. The red litmus paper spoken of for test
inp the pold bath 1«« a paper which will
chanpe to a blue if it is put into an alkali
solution. There Is also a blue litmus pa
per which will chanpe to a red if put Into
an add solution. Either color can be ob
tained from a stock dealer. Keep the two
in separate bottles, corked tightly, as air
affects them.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Sprlnjr Term. IP**).
Mondays: American Political Partte*.
Tuesdays: Twenty Lessors In French
Conversation and Recent Scientific Dis
coveries. Wednesdays and Thursdays:
Golden Apes of Literature. Fridays:
Photography for Amateurs. Saturdays:
Biographical Sttidle* for Girls. These
courses will continue until May 31. 19fiO.
Examinations will be held at their close
as a basis for the Krantinp of certificates.
AMUSEMENTS.
DID YOU SEE AUNT LINDY
AND THE FOUNTAIN CITY QUARTET
In the latest NEGRO MELODIES
All of the most fetchine nature.
In the Gem Comedy Drama,
ON THE SUWANEE RIVER.
SATURDAY MATINEE ONLY
And only this week.
Week commencing MONDAY NIGHT. April J>,
AIR. JAMES NEILL
Ar.d the Incomparable NEILL. COMPANY.
Presenting Sol Smith Russell* greatest comedy
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
AMUSEMENTS.
RHONE MAIN EM.
LAST NIGHT OF THE SEASON.
TheBEGGARSTUDENT
Corsiaencin* TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
RirharO Walton Tully's Laughable Farce,
"JAMES WOBERTS. I. E. 6.. BOSTON."
Characters by StudentF of the University of
California.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Beat In Orchestic at All
Matinee* Sc.
Branch Ticket Office— Eranorlum.
EXTRA!
fSUNDAT AFTERNOON AND
EVENING NEXT.
Mafnlflcer.t Production of Talmer
BROWNIES IN
FAIRYLAND.
F«m* <~ast «nd Bpecialtie* as
R«"~*r.tly Olven at the Pallfcr-
r.ia Theater.
and it has one of those
famous 750 Mission s.reet
low prices attached to ir.
The price is
5G.75.
We have this popular
chair in different woods.
' C2S35*
And when you have secured your chair /
ue would like to show you what a big /
i house that makes a specialty of Carpets /
>w^ can do In the way of plearin;; you as re- /
gards handsome patterns and low prices.
Indianapolis Furniture Co..
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
CALL IS ISSUED
BY REPUBLICANS
FOR CONVENTION
Executive Committee Adopts
; It and Recommends Its
Passage.
May 15th Agreed Upon for Holding
the Deliberations — State Com
mittee to Meet in Golden
Gate Hall To-Day.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee met at the
Palace yesterday afternoon and after
adopting a call to be recommended to the
convention which meets in Golden Gate
Hall to-day, it also set the 15th of May
as the date for holding the State Conven
tion.
When Vice Chairman George C. Pardee
called the meeting to order there were In
attendance E. F. Preston, Wendell East
on, Paris Kilburn, Colonel George Stone,
Isaac Upham, James Alva Watt, all of
this city, and W. F. Parker of Los An
geles and A. G. Gasson of San Diego. In
calling the members to order Dr. Pardee
stated that the meeting was for the pur
pose of preparing such recommendations
as the executive committee might see fit
to place before the general committee
which meets in convention at 1 o'clock to
day.
A general discussion ensued between the
members on the question of apportion
ment and the recommendations to be
made on that point to the convention, and
also on the question of the appointment
of a State Central Committee. On the
former question Secretary Steppacher
read some statistics which he had pre
pared, showing the number of dtueguies
each county was entitled to in the coming
convention. In discussing the appoint
ment of the new State Central Committee,
Mr. Preston thought it should be appoint
ed by the convention which will be in ses
sion on May 15, because the campaign will
commence on the Ist of July, when nomi
nations will be made and the new com
mittee can take up the fight at the proper
time. Many of the members of the com
mittee agreed with Mr. Preston, but ac
tion was deferred. It will probably be
discussed at to-day's convention.
Mr. Parker submitted the call, which he
said was in line with the call of the previ
ous convention. Mr. Preston read the
document and at the conclusion of the
reading Mr. Kilburn moved that It be rec
ommended to the general committee. Mr.
Preston said he thought it would be better
to recommend the time and place of hold
ing the convention. Mr. Parker expedited
matters by a motion to the effect that the
basis of representation Fhould be 1 in 300.
or a major fraction thereof, of the votes
cast for Governor Gage, in addition to
one delegate at large from each Assem
bly district. The motion was unanimously
carried. This will give 533 delegates to the
.convention.
Mr. Gasson moved that the convention
bo held on the 15th day of May. The mo
tion was adopted. The members also dis
cussed the place of holding the conven
tion, but it was agreed that it be left to
the general committee to pass upon. It is
probable that Sacramento will be chosen
for the convention city, although a num
ber of delegates are in favor of Santa
Cruz. «
Paris Kilburn renewed his motion to
have the call, as filled otit. adopted and
recommended to the State Committee at
its meeting to-day. It was carried. The
business of thf> committee having been
concluded It adjourned to meet in Golden
Gate Hall to-day at 1 o'clock. The call
Is as follows:
In accordance with the directions of the
Republican National Committee that dele
gated representatives of the Republican
party from the several States nssemble in
national convention in the city of Phil
adelphia, Pa., on Tuesday, the 19th day of
June. A. D. 1900. at 12 o'clock noon, for
the purpose of nominating candidates for
the office of President and Vice President
of the United States, ami for such other
business as may be brought before said
convention. And In accordance with the
Instructions given by said national com
mittee directing that the Congressional
district delegates shall be chosen at a con
vention called by the Congressional Com
mittee of each said district in the same
manner as the nomination of a represen
tative in Congress is made In said district;
therefore, be It
Resolved, by the Republican State Cen
tral Committee of California, representing
the Republican party of said State. That
the Congressional committees of the sev
eral Congressional districts of the State
of California are hereby Instructed and
directed to call Congressional conventions
of their Congressional districts to be held
as hereinafter provided, at which two del
egates Fhall be chosen to represent each
of such districts In the National Republican
Convention to be held as aforesaid and for
the selection of two alternate delegates to
act in case of the absence of the delegates
first chosen.
The selection of the delegates of the Con
gressional convention shall be under the ex
clusive direction of the Congressional T"nm*
mittee of each district: provided thA the
basis of representation to said Congressional
conventions shall be as follows, to- wit:
One delegate for each Assembly district
wjthin the Congressional District; provided
that where any Assembly District embraces
more than one county there Ehall be one
delegate for each county in the Assembly
District and one delegate for each three
hundred votes cast for Henry T. Gage.
Republican candidate for Governor in IS9S,
and one delegate for each fraction of one
hundred and fifty votes or over.
It Is further directed that the delegates
chosen to the Congressional conventions
shall meet In State convention at the city
of " . on Tuesday, the l.th day of
May, IMX>, at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select
four delegates-at-large to the National Re
publican Convention above mentioned and
four alternate delegates to act in' case the
delegates selected be absent and for the
transaction of such further business as may
be brought before the said State Conven
tion.
It Is further directed that ¦where primary
elections are held th» test for voters shall
be: "I believe In Republican principles
and Indorse the Republican policy and the
administration of President McKlnley and
intend to support the nominees of the Re
publican party at the ensuing election."
It Is further directed that contests .must
be filed with the secretary of the Congres
sional Committee in writing with a full
statement of thf grounds of the contest
five days preceding the meeting of the State
Convention. All matters relating to such
contest before the Congressional Committee
with said committee's determination therein
must be transmitted to the secretary of the
State Convention before noon of the 14th
day of May. 1900.
By order of State Central Committee.
E. C. ! HART, Secretary.
A new hotel. The Bradbury. AH rooms sunny.
1604 Callforna st., dor. Folk, near Van Ness. •
Seizure of Domestic Opium.
Customs inspectors yesterday morning
seized twenty tins of domestic opium at
the Southern Pacific freight depot. Fourth
and Townsend streets.
Thin, Run-Down People
are helped to regain needed flesh and strength
by using MALT-NUTRINE. The Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Ass'n prepares It. which fact
guarantees its superior merit. Sold by all drug
gists. : -_
. . . PRICE 5 CENTS. FOR SALE EVERYWHERE . . .
For Trifling With the Court.
The Justices of the Supreme Court have
determined to put a stop to cases bein?
appealed to that tribunal on flimsy tech
nicalities which possess no merit and only
crowd the calendar and take up the time
of the court. The operation of this reso
lution began yesterday and Attorney W.
H. H. Hart was the first to feel the ef
fect. He had been sued by Mrs. Pheba
A. Hearst on a promissory note and th*»
lady won in the lower court. Hart ap
pealed the case, and yesterday the Judg
ment of the court below was affirmed and
Hart was assessed $100 damages by the
Justices.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALITORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
SIAKCH V> to APRIL 7, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Har'.Eg Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
csi. Friday and Saturday. Raia or sblne.
Five or ciore ract» each day.
Races start at I:IC p. in. charp.
Ferry-boat* leave Eaa Francisco at 12 m. and '
U.J/j. 1. Ll'., 2. 2:30 and 2 p. m.. connecting |
v. ::)¦. traiai stopping at the entrance to tbe |
track. La£t two cars on train reserved for la- j
f. • - *nd their escorts; no tracking. Duy your
:<•:• tickets to Eiiell Mound. All trains via ,
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo aresu* !
electric r-ar* at Seventh and Broadway. Oai;- j
?t:.O. A.i all tralcs v!a Alanieda mole con- .
cect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth !
and lirtadway, Oakland. These' electric cars'
go tfSrect to the track In fifteen minutes.
Rtturcing— Train* leave tbe track at 4:15 and
i «. p. rr. end immediately after tbe last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILRCY. Secretary'
CHUTES ANDZQO*Z7t%Zr
THE KRAMERS. THE GOTLOBS, ANN
FLETCHER. MLLE. ATLANTIS. EDNA "
THORN. nOGOS & HAEWARD, THB i
<"HEHRT KISTERS. NEW MOVING PIC- !
Tl/RES.
CAKEWALK CONTEST TO-MORROW
NIGHT.
Orti*r suit tr Pbcn* i-«.rk 23.
PIS CHER'C
JL CONCERT HOUSE
(22-124 O'FAnnCLL ST.
E. A. FISCHFK Prop
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
The Httidfomert Music Hall In America.
TO-NIGHT: " TO-XIGHT!
THIRD ACT FROM "FAUST"
IN ALL-STAR CAST.
COME WHEX YOU PLEASE.
S:CO. August Htnricfcs' cuperb orchestra; B:r7.
f»r. r Varu&s; «:<5. Slgnorina PollfrUini; b:U.
ClgiiOtina. Uardiiccl; i:IZ. flgnor Kapolecne;
*:SO. EaJvl&l: $:35. Signer Badaracco; 10:00. Eig-
r&rita Puererl: 30^5. duet, Ealv&l and Vargas;
11:05 to 11:50. "Fsuibt." I
In Preparation— "La Bohenje."
AT>KISSIOX 10 cents
Churca Dignitaries Meet.
The quarterly meeting of the San Fran
cisco Association of Congregational
Churches and Ministers was held in the
handsome new church, corner of Seventh
avenue and Clement street, yesterday af
ternoon and evening. This association
embodies all of San Francisco and Marin
counties and the meeting was well attend
ed by both the ministers and their lay
brethren.
Following was the programme:
Afternoon session— Preliminary meeting of
committee on membership, consisting of Messrs.
Pond. Rader. Plckson. Dexter. Searby and
the registrar; call to order- election of moder
ator and scribe; prayer, the moderator: read
ing minutes; busings; reports of committees;
serViJe for spiritual fellowship, led by Rev.
MR Yarrow: "The Providence of God," dis
eased by Rev. C. R. Pomeroy, D. D.. and
C Evenin(T A pesBi r o a n-^neading minutes and clos
ing buainCM: devotional exercises, the mod
erator- "The Providence of «od." discussed by
Rev F I. Wheat. Rev. K. Elocombe and Rev.
F. B. Cherlngton, followed by a general dis
cussion; adjournment. .
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST OPPORTUNITY
TO HEAR.
Paderewski
SUNDAY NIGHT NEXT at 8:30,
A SUPERB PROGRAMME.
750 Mission St, f San Francisco.
iy Seymour Eaton.
ANOTHER POSTPONEMENT
FOR CAPTAIN DEMING
A Week Allowed Him Within Which
to Get Papers and Secure
Counsel.
The court-martial appointed to try Cap
tain Peter C. Deming, assistant commis
sary of subsistence of volunteers, con
vened yesterday morning, but got no fur
ther than organization before adjourning
for a week.
The adjournment was in deference to a
request from the accused, who declared
that he had not been able to secure an at
torney, and also that he had sent East
tor certain papers that would be material
to his case. He said he could 6ecure an
attorney by next Thursday and by that
time the papers he wished from the East
would be here. The court will proceed
r.rxt Thursday morning at 11 o'clock.
The report of the transfer of the head
quarters of the Third Artillery to the Pre
sidio has caused a great deal of interest
in military circles, notably among the
families of officers at the front, who now
occupy quarters at the post. The advent
of the Third Artillery headquarters will
bring Colonel Rawles, commanding: Cap
tain D. J. Rumbough. adjutant, and Cap
tain Edward Davis, quartermaster. These
officers must have quarters, and as it,
stands now there is not a vacant house at
Commissary Sergeant Henry Alless.
who has been on duty at the general hos
pital, has been ordered to Alaska. He will
be relieved by Commissary Sergeant \\ al
lenstein. who has been on duty at Hono-
Aiinle Morse Bartholomew and Emelie
M. Bosshard. nurses now on duty at the
general hospital, have been ordered to
Honolulu. Nurses Hattie Fenwick, May
C Elmer and Lena E. Klllian have been
assigned to temporary duty at the gen
eral hospital, pending their assignment to
" Captain George Van Peusen. Seventh
Artillery, having recently, arrived from
the Philippines, has been ordered to join
his battery at Fcrt Tottcn, N. Y.
It's Easy.
Copyright, 1900,
IX.— THE TREATMENT OF NEGA
TIVES.
BY FELIX RAYMER
It will now be supposed that the result-
Ing negative has not come up Just as near
perfect as it should, so that a little "doc
toring" becomes necessary. There are
many Instances where the negative can
be improved. Sometimes everything i 3 all
right with the exception of one thins.
This being the case, it becomes a matter
of no little importance to know how to
help that one point. There is no photo
grapher who will claim that doctoring Is
as good for a negative as to get that nega
tive just right in the first place, but all
will agree that there are times when it be
comes a positive necessity to remedy some
trouble.
Let us first take up what is known as
Intensification. If the negative has not
been carried far enough in the developer,
or if too cool a developer has been used,
the picture on the glass will have a weak,
transparent appearance. The whole neg
ative has a faded appearance, and should
a print be made from It the print will be
weak and lifeless. This 13 the kind o*
negative that requires Intensifying. All
such negatives have plenty of time on the
exposure, but have not been carried far
enough in the developer. A negative that
is thin from under-exposure must not be
mistaken for a. negative that requires in
tensifying, for it would do no good to try
to work up a negative that has been un
der-exposed. In the case of the under
exposed negative it will be found that the
whites are very dark while the shadows
are perfectly transparent with no detail
in them. The intensifying solution should
be made up in two bottles, and about the
easiest to understand and handle Is made
as follows:
f Bichloride, of mercury. 60 grains.
• A ¦) Bromide of potassium, 60 grains.
I Water, € !,3! ,3 ounces.
B J Sulphite soda, 1 ounce.
I Water, 4 ounces,
The negative should be washed for about
half an hour and then placed in a dish or
tray containing enough of the "A" solu
tion thoroughly to cover the negative. The
tray should be rucked back and forth until
every part of the negative has turned a
cream or milk color. Then take the nega
tive from the solution and rinse well, after
which place in another tray containing
enouga of the "B" solution to cover the
plate. Rock the tray back and forth until
all the milky appearance has disappeared
and the negative has returned to its for
mer color. It will be necessary now to
wash the negative again thoroughly. It
will now be seen that the whole appear
ance of the negative is more "snappy." If
the first trial does not intensify the nega
tive quite enough, a second trial may be
made, and a third, and so on until the re
quired intensity has been accomplished.
Atter intensifying, the negative should be
washed thoroughly about one hour, then
dried.
It sometimes happens that a negative
may be carried too far in the developing.
If this is the case the negative will look
too black all over when held up and ex
amined by light coming through it. If a
print be taken from this negative it will
require quite a long time to do the print
ing, and after the print Is made its ap
pearance will be anything but pleasing,
from the fact mat it will ha\-e a "snowy"
look. It will be necessary to reduce this
negative to a proper decree. For that
purpose the following solutions are used:
A J Ferrieyanide of potassium. 1 ounce.
\ Water. IS ounces.
B J Hyposulphite of soda, 1 ounc*.
( Water, 16 ounces.
Place the negative in a tray containing
enough of "B" to cover it well and add to
it a little at a time just a small quantity
of 'A." The more of -A" that is used the
fasver will be the reduction. Do not has
ten the work too rapidly, however, as
there is danger of going too far. Solution
"A" should have an opaque paper
wrapped about the bottle, as it is sensi
tive to the light. It is very necessary that
the plate should be washed thoroughly
after this treatment. Wash for at least
one hour in running water, or if changed
from one tray to another give it at least
twenty-five changes.
At times it is only beneficial to a nega
tive to be intensified or reduced locally —
that is, certain parts only require treat
ment. If such a negative is in hand the
treatment can be made while the negative
is wet with very satisfactory results.
Take a tuft of absorbent cotton and dip it
into the solution desired and touch only
those parts of the plate that need im
proving. Care must be exercised or an
irregular streak may show around the
place worked on.
Sometimes the negatives may be too
yellow. This is caused by not using
enough of the sulphite of soda in the de
veloper. To remedy this it will be nec
essary to clear them up with what is
known as the "clearing solution." One
might think this color in the negative
would make no difference, but it is quite a
drawback to getting, a good print. The
more yellow there is in the negative the
more of a chalky look there will be to the
print. This yellow cast in the negative is
sometimes caused by the water in which
it is washed being exceptionally impure.
A negative may be taken from the fixing
bath and have just the correct tone or
color and placed under a tap of impure
water to wash, and it will change color
in a very few moments. The clearing
solution is made as follows:
Water. 18 ounces.
Alum (pulverized). 1 ounce.
Sulphuric acid. 1 dram.
Place the negative in a tray and pour
over it the clearing solution and rock
back and forth for a few minutes, when
It will be found that the color will change
for the better. After clearing it will be
only necessary* to rinse the plate well,
when It may be hung up to dry.
When the negatives are dry it should
be the first care of the operator to go
over them carefully to see if they are
flawless— that is, to see if there are any
pinholes caused by dust which may have
by some accident not been removed from
the plate before exposure or before de
velopment. If it Is found that there are
pinholes they should be removed by the
use of a small camel's hair brush. They
are known .among artists as pencil
brushes. A No. 2 will be found to gtve
the best satisfaction for this purpose. The
agent to be used for removing or plugging
the pinholes is what is known as India
ink, and can be obtained either In a liquid
or in stick form. Start in by moistening
the end of the stick and rubbing a little
of it on the thumbnail. Nov.- take the
brush and dampen with saliva and work
in the ink on the nail until the proper con
sistency has been obtained (this will take
a little experience) and "dot"' the pin
hole. This must be done in such a way
that it will be of the same tone as the
surrounding parts of the negative. If it
is heavier it will make a white spot in the
print, which will have to be worked out.
If It is not quite so heavy it will print
darker than th« surrounding parts. When
all such imperfections are rem/>ved the
negative should be varnished to prevent
scratching or rubbing. Almost any stcck
dea!er can furnish a good negative var
nish. To varnish the neefctive requires
considerable oaie. Take the plate in the
left hand as though going to examine It.
This will cause the lower left-hand corner
to be grasped. Take the bottle of varnish
in the right hand and holding the negative
on a level as near as possible pour the
varnish on the right upper corner, allow
ing it to flow slowly across to the left up
per corner and from there down to the
lower left corner, thence to the right cor
ner and off into the bottle again.
X.— PRINTING AND FINISHING.
BY FEIJX RAYMER.
One of the most puzzling things about
making pictures is to decide on what
printing paper to use. In view of the fact
that there are so marry different kind*
and brands on the market it would seem
to be almost a hopeless task, and more so
when we hear each manufacturer claim
ing his product to be the very best. It
might be said, however, that the "print
ing out" papers— that Is, the paper that
the image is printed out to a full depth
and afterward toned to the proper color
are divided into two classes, viz.. collodion
and gelatin. The "developing out" papers
are those papers where the image is de
veloped out something like the developing
CORONER COLE MADE
THE WIDOW SMILE
Miss Addie Silva Told About Her
Relations With Suicide Arthur
G., Pereda.
Even the widow of the drowned Arthur
G. Pereda was obliged to Join in the smile
and the snicker that went around the
room yesterday, as a jovial testimonial to
the wit and humor of Coroner R. Beverly
Cole, sitting in request at the Morgue on
the dead body of her husband.
Pereda's body was discovered floating in
the bay near Goat Island last Wednesday
morning, two weeks after his disappear
ance. Among other things found on his
person was a note written by him in pen
cil and addressed to his brother Frank,
in which deceased regretted his marriage
of four months' duration and added: "Ad
die Silva is my wife."
Mrs. Carrie Pereda, widow of the dead
man, swore that the note was not in the
handwriting of her husband. She said
she did not know Addie Silva, and had
seen her only on one occasion and then at
a distance.
"Was she as good looking a woman as
you are?" asked the Coroner.
"No;" replied the widow, with a smile.
"I didn't see nothing in her face to get
stuck on."
-Of course,", hastily interjected the Cor
oner, "I don't mean to say that you are
good looking. I spoke merely as a matter
of comparison."
An offended frown succeeded the place
of the smile on the widow's face, and the
Coroner was in much disfavor thereafter.
Miss Silva was called to tell what she
knew of the deceased. She is a glove
maker, neat in dress and genteel in man
ner. She said Pereda had courted her for
three years; had asked her at the end of
that time to marry him and that she had
refused him. Three, weeks later he mar
ried the woman who is now his widow.
"You were as good as married to him,
wern't you?" aeked the Coroner, bluntly?
"No, sir," promptly replied the witness.
"Nothing of the kind."
Another witness, in telllngr about some
thing that occurred on the evening pre
vious at the late residence of Pereda, said
"a colored gentleman named Stewart was
there," whereupon the Coroner, whose
southern pride had been aroused, demand
ed sternly:
"Did you ever see a colored gentleman,
sir? There must have been a nice crowd
there— niggers, Mexicans and whites,
faugh!"
Miss Sllva, who had received many let
ters from the deceased during their three
years' courtship, swore positively that the
"note found on the body of Pereda was in
his handwriting.
The jury rendered a verdict of death by
asphyxiation by immersion in a manner
unknown to the jury.
ADVEETISE2IENTS.
on her way she was driven, ashore la a
storm.
THE SAN ¦ 'FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, , APRIL 6, 1900.
AUSTRALASIAN
MAIL STEAMER
QUARANTINED
Moana's Sydney Passengers
Will Be Released
To- Morrow.
More Sailing Vessels for the Coast
Trade — Change in Sausalito Ferry
Time Table — News From the
Stranded Talus.
»
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
M<>ana Jirrived from Sydney, N. S. \V., via
Auckland, New Zealand; Apia, Samoa,
and Honolulu, H. 1., "yesterday, a day
ahead of time. Owing to the reports of
bubonic plague in Sydney, N. S. W., the
steamer was placed in quarantine, and
the chances are that she will not be re
leased until to-morrow afternoon.
After a cursory inspection of the 209
passengers Dr. Kinyoun decided to send
the mail ashore, and later allowed the
New Zealand and Samoan passengers to
land. The mall boat only Etopped three
hours at Honolulu, and no passengers
were taken aboard there. At the Hawa
iian capital several cases of plague were
reported since the China left there, ac
cording to the New Zealand mail agent
who came ashore on the tug. Everything
was quiet in the islands, however, and it
was expected that the disease would be
stamped out in a few weeks more.
Dr. Solfe has taken office as governor
general of the German possessions in Sa
moa, and German officials .are now in
possession of all the offices in Apia. Malie
toa Tanu has retired into private life, and
such a thing as a native king will never
be heard of again in the islands.
The passengers who came up in the
cabin on the Moana were:
Mr. and Mrs. Mooran, Mrs. Benjamin. Miss
Lannell. L. J. Miller. Dr. J. J. Kelly. Master
H. Moore. Mr. and Mrs. Bellman. H. W. Vor-
mer, Miss Handley. \V. A. Norman, W. Nor
man. E. J. Stratton, T. Adams, Mr. and Mrs.
\V. E. Fisher. \Y. J. Kilbeek, R. Wallace. Mr.
and Mrs. Kngelander, Miss Grey, L. Chapman, -
A. Scott. Mrs. Tarpley, A. Jeffrey, J. Stanley,
Mrs. K. "West. K. J. Wiison. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Cope. Mr. and Mrs. W. 3. Astill. Mr. an.l Mrs.
T. 11. Osborn. Miss Osborn, Mrs. C. de Hamil
ton. Rev. Joseph King, Mrs. King, Mr. Tlre
non. Captain and Mr?. Rhodes, N. Lapsford.
H. Anderson, A. Kessell, Mrs. Jenkins. Mr.
and Mips MacCabe, Pr. and Mrs. Howard Tay
lor, Mr. Murray, Mis* A. Rose, Mr. and Mrs.
Mark Fereuson, Miss Palmer, Rev. and Mre.
Hudson Taylor, Mlbs King, Mrs. Staples. Mr.
and Mrs. M. Brown. A. D. Campbell. E. H.
Forbes, Mrs. Masles, Miss Pollak and nurse,
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Aleop, Miss Meers. E. G.
Meers, A. H. PoFtlethwalte, K. Bassett, Dr.
and Mrs. Robertson. M. J. Fife, T. Prosser,
Mr. and Miss Wheaton, Colonel Atkinson, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Davles, Mrs. and Miss Reynold?,
E. Murphy, W. W. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. A.
D. Crawford. A. T. G. Pymonp, Mr. and Mrs.
G. Powley, Mr. and Mrs. P. Kyule.
The new barkentine J. L. Evlston ar
rived from Coos Bay yesterday after a
fair run. She is ono of ;he strongest
vessels ever turned out of a shipyard on
the Pacific Coast. She was designed by
Captain C. H. . Ackerman, and her con
struction was superintended by Captain
Wirschuleit, who now commands the ves
sel. It was originally intended that Ca.p
tain Ackerman should be managing owner
of the vessel, but some dissensions arose
and Captain Charles Nelson will handle
her in the future. The principal owners
in the Eviston are Captain Charles Nel
son. Captain Ackerman, Lorenz Kord, J.
\j. EviFton (after whom the vessel is
named). 1,. Rone and Captain Charles
Hackus. The barkentine is 1"? fe^t long,
A<) feot beam, and 15 feet depth of hold.
She carries 900,000 feet of lumber.
The tine American ship Paramita. now
on her way from China to Puget Sound,
has been purchased by San Francisco par
ties and will go into the coast trade on
her arrival at Port Townst-nd. ' The prin
cipal men in the pyndirate who purchased
her are A. Anderson. Captain Charles
Backus, AY. Blum and Captain P. Gee.
The price paid Is said to have been
$.33,fiOQ. T^ewis. Anderson & Co. will be the
managing owners. The Paramita is 1444
ton? nt-t burden. 21(5 feet 6 inches long,
41 feet 3 inches beam ajid 23 feet deep.
She will be commanded by Captain
Charles Backus.
The managing ownership of the Eclipse
may once more vest in Lowis, Anderson
& Co. Sometime ago there was a dis
agreement among the shareholders, and
Kischen & Minor were made the manag
ing owners. A few days ago, however.
Captains Charles Backus, Charles Rock
and Charles Groper purchased shares in
the vessel, and. as they are all friendly
to I^ewis, Anderson & Co., the managing
ownership of the vessel will probably
change hands again at the end of the
ship's year.
Commencing April 22 the Sausallto fer
ry steamers will leave every evening at
5:15. 6:15 and 6:45 p. m., instead of at 5, 6
and 6:30 p. m.. as has been the custom
for years. There was quite an organized
fight against the change, and petitions
and counter petitions nave been flying
around Marin County for weeks. The fight
Is now over, however, and the hatchet is
buried. All travelers on the Sausallto
ferry will now have fifteen minutes longer
in San Francisco when the new schedule
goes into effect.
The bark Abby PaJmer arrived at
Adelaide. Australia, on the 3d inst. While
In h gale off Flatten,' this vessel had her
derkload of lumber washed overboard
and one of the crew was injured. She put
into San Pedro and landed the injured
man and then proceeded. The run across
was made in the good time of fifty-eight
days.
From English papers which arrived her*
a few days ago som« particulars of the
stranding of the British ship Talus near
Dunbar. Scotland, have been received. She
went ashore February 20, and the captain
and crew were saved with some difficulty
by a Danish steamer. Captain Stenhouse
was accompanied by his wife and Infant
son. and all- three had a hard time of it.
Latest advices from Dunbar are to the
effect that the chances of getting the
Talus off are good, and that she will prob
ably be in San Francisco next year for a
load of grain. She left here- August 3 last,
and after discharging her wheat left Eng
land in ballast for Fredrickstadt. While
20 pages of color and halftones, among which will be found splendid
reproductions of the followiag masterpieces i
"The Ascension," by John la Faw. "The Annunciation," by Mary U Ma-
l?V h L^!L m T::\?r^ ChUrCh *y A. O. Tan-
"The Adoration of the Shepherds," "Chrlet and Nlcodemus." by John la
by K. I. Couse. i. Fane!.
"Madonna," by Mary L. Macomber. "Ministering Angels," by Elliott Dan-
"MnEdalen," by Mary L. Macomber. gerfleld.
• '"Hope," by Mary L. Macomber. "Madonna." by L. Welles Champney.
"Lazarus," by Elihu Vedder. "Madonna and Child," by Frances
•The Prophets." by John S. Sarjtent. Day.
."Mury Magdalpn/'.by F.dw. H. May. "Botticellls Madonna," by U Welles
"The Baptism," by Charles M. Shean. Champney.
Ulj double-pase picture of "The Last "Gethnemana." by Elliott Dnngerfleld.
Shadow of the Crucifixion." by George Beautiful full-page photographic fea-
Inne*s Jr. • - . ture In four colors.
"Mary." by John la Farre. "The Benediction." The monks of
"St. John." by John la Fame. Santa Barbara.
"The Captive," by E. A. Kramer. Full page of half-tone and brilliant
The famous frlere In the Boston Pub- color,
lie Library. - "Holy Week Amcnjr the Taos Indians."
"The Crucifixion." ft Full pajre la four color* and halt-tone.
Success,
-•
7Local securities were quiet with few changes.
The sugar stocks were dm nnd Paauhau
touched $31 and Hawaiian »S7.
The oil stocks were quiet.
The following California oil companies an
nounce dividends for the month: Rex, 5 cents
per share, payable April 21: Yukon, 4 cents
per share, April 18; Westlake, 2 cents per
share, April 16.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, April 5—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
• U S Bonds— Cent L & P... 4 4H
4s quar coup.. 114^113 Equit G L Co. 3 3;i
4s do reg 114Vi115 Mutual El Co. 12U 13
4s do cp new.. 133^ — U U L & H.... 46;* —
3s do coup 109 110 Pac Gas Imp.. 51 —
Miscellaneous — Pac L Co — 45
Cal-st Cab 55. .117 — SF G & E.... 51% 32H
C C Wat 55...105*;i06</i San Francisco. 4% 4?i
Ed L & P 65..12j — Stkn G&ECo 10 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 114 — Insurance—
Geary-et R ss. — 92H Firem's Fund. 229 —
HC*S 5H*. — — Bank Stocks-
Do 0s 105 106<£ Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 66%
L A Ry 63 103%— Bank of Ca1. .410 —
L A L Co 69.. — — Cal S D & T..J02 ICS
Do gntd 65.. — — First National — 2w
Do gntd 5a.. — — Lon P & A. ...132 —
LA& P R u5.102% — Merchants" Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s...lZS«i — Savings Banks —
Do Ist M C5.116H117 Ger S & L..1510 —
NCN G It 7s. Hh — Hum S & L. — —
N Rof Cal 65.113U — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
N Pof Cal 55.10 i% — S F Say U.. 510 —
N PC R R 65.1041* — Say & L So. 74 73
N-P CR It 55. 107. — Sec Say Bk. — —
NC R R 55.... 109 — Union T Co. — —
Oak O L&H5s.lOS»i — Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65. ..113 .— California ....120 122
Oak WCo 55.. — 105V4 Oeary-st 50 —
Oceanic S C0..105;4 — Market-st Ry. 63^4 64
Om CRy C 5.,.125 — '"> S L & 11... — 50
P&CI Ry 65. .104 — Preslnlo 15»4 20
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — PowJer Stocks—
Powell-st P. 65.117 — California ....150 IBS
Pac L & GR5a. P0 — Giant Coi Co.. — 87V4
SF & S.IV f.s.llii-1 — Vigorlt 3U 3?«
5Ry of Cal 6s. 113 — Sugar Stocks—
S P RRofA 65.113 114 liana S P Co. 9»£ 9%
Sl'C C.0(130&).1Hd% — Haw C&SCo S7 —
Do (1906) 110 — Honokaa S Co. 32^ 32%
Do (1912) — — Hutch S P Co. 26 26>i
Do Ist eg ss. — — Kilauea S Co. 21% 22
S P Br 6s 126 127 Vi Makawell S Co 48% —
S V Water 65.114mi4?i Onomea S Co.. 27^4, —
Do 4s ...103"i — Paauhau S Co. 31 H 31>&
S V W 4sf3dm)lo2 103 Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65..10U 103 Al Pack Assn.llBVill3
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.lol^lo2';i
Contra Costa.. 65% 63',i .Mer Ex Assn.. — lfto
Marln County. — — ¦ Oceanic S Ccf.. 93 97
Spring Valley. 03 95% Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gr»s ft Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pur Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board —
75 Contra Costa Water 63 50
ICO Equitable Gas 3 75
10 Hana Plantation Co 9 50
35 Honokaa S Co 32 25
100 Kllauea S P Co 22 00
$5000 Lob Angeles Ry 5b ."..103 50
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 103 62 1 4
220 Makawell Sugar Co 4S 37^4
100 Makawell Sugar Co 4S 50
5 Onomea Sugar Co ...: 27 75
MSF Gas & Electric Co.. 62 00
25 R F Gas & Electric Co 51 57%
30 Spring Valley Water, s 3—3 — 93 25
3 Spring Valley Water 35 23
Street— ¦ - ;
15 Makawell Co 43 S7&
; Afternoon Session.
Board—
£0 California Fruit Canners 102 00
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July
Opening 5 y\% 55a
Closing 5 iovi 6 a r. 4
Wheat— \ Mar. May-Au*.
Opening .*. 20 65 21 00
Closing ...20 65 21'y.)
Flour —
Opening 27*5 ig go
Closing 27 10 2S 70
Nnv '• York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April.?.— ln metals' to-day busi
ness was fairly active and as a whole generally
steady in tone. London advices were some
what Irregular. Tin again declined in the local
Bun rises 5:4*
Sun sets 6:37
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:56 a. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of th> tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
recond time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
find the last or right hand column given the
last tide pf the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundlnes on the
United States Coast Surrey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
«nd then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Nczl< York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April £.— "Hie mock market con
tinued !ts active and extremely irregular char
acter today. There wss some hesitation at
the ourset asd prof.t-taltir.g was on a large
Bca> during the oarly hours of the day, but
the argrewsive strength of some individual
etockr,. notably Pennsylvania and Baltimore
and Ohio, served to bus tain prices in face o*
realizing until the latter part of the day.
The market then devejrped unmistakable
ryn-iptoras of being over-bought and the pres
sure to se'.l in ord»r to realize profits became
urpor.t. The reaction in Pennsylvania and
Baltimore and Ohio left prices without a sus
taining prop and they crumbled rapidly. The
Paclf.cK. the graxgtrs ani some of the South
ern railways v.ere most f-trongly affected, but
the vrboia list fell easily and efforts to sup
port the market were apparently withdrawn
for the time being. The w-lMng movement was
allowed to Ei>end iu>olf before supj/ort was
jnrthcomins. Yhere weo a rally In the last
fifteen minutes, but it recover^! only a Fmull
(art of the decline. The operations in Penn
rylvariia were on a t-linllar scale to those of
yesterday and carried the price a jxjir.t over
ICEt year's highest level. The very large tell
ing orders which were detected in Ihe stock
aroused uneasiness in tp!U» cf the upward
movement In the price. Baltimore and Ohio
«!> rushod up also to 87^ and proved unable
if) hold the advance, which was unaccompanied
l>y any news <»f further development to ac
count for the Ftr?n«rth. The top-heaviness of
Pennsylvania and Baltimore and Ohio cauw-d
the decided reactionary character at the mar
ket on, the announcement of no dividend en
Baltimore and Ohio common Ftock. Wall
ure^t was full of rumors cf further com
binations already effects <,r to come in the
trunk line territory. Tlie rumor of a com-
Mnaticn of the coalers was persistent and
raised "the prices of thor« storks for a time,
but they yielded fharj'ly on denials' of the
rumorr. Various tr.lnor ro.-uls !n New York
Central territory were affected in the pam<>
way. There was a very general wiping out of
pr.lt:s of this character in Urn late reaction.
Th<- Ilockiiiß Valley mocks hhowed notaMe
Btrtnrth 0:1 reports of large earnings, the com
mon ersmetmg 40 and retaiiiir.s a net pain of
l»i. T!»e Ki-ftcrai news and conditions were
favorable to value*, money working easier aad
K'»od assurance betas afforded <,f a favorable
Imnk statement, lleports of earnings, efjw^c
ia.ll>- of soft-coal roads, were notably large.
I>ondon was a Feller of stocks here, with an
rnVrt on sentiment out i>? all projiortion "to
the volume of the transactions. The sensi
tlvcne?s cf tlie markets to thi* influonre and
the continued f-.nr.neFß of sterling exchan^
while London buys stocks leads to considerable
questioning as to whether foreign operations
are not conducted under cover and through
channels other than those under observation.
J «••.!.': sirs In bonds continued on a very lp-n;»*
pcale and at sulvancine prices. TotaJ sales,
par value, J,'.27u,<X*j.
United State;; 2s declined % and all other
lf«acs V* in th<* bil price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Chares Closing
Sold. Ftock— Bid.
:4.ir ; o Atchison 27%
17.&C2 Atchison rreXd 72,4
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK. April s.— FLOUR— Receipts.
£673 barrels; exports, SSIO barrels; steadily held,
but quieter owing to the drop in wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 64,750 bushels; exports,
51.305 bushels. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, SOHc
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 77»-jc elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 77»ic f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 2 hard Duiuth, 7'j>ic f. o. b. afloat prompt.
Options — SoM off all day, but were not posi
tively weak until the last hour, when a sudden
dumping out of long wheat produced a collapse
In prices. Disappointing cables, liberal North
western receipts, absence of export trade, ru
mors of big Argentine shipments and small
clearances also contributed to the final de
cline. Th? close was weak at s *c net loss.
May. 74J. i ,f i 75c. closed 74>ic; July. 74Vi < r?T3 11-16 c,
closed 74V*c; September, 74H&75&C, closed 74>ic.
HOPS-Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. '
COFFEE— S;>ot— Rio, quiet: No. 7 invoice,
7 1 «c; No. 7 Jobbing, SVic; mild, quiet; Cordova,
S't'ffHc. Futures— The market for coffee fu
tures close.l quiet with prices unchanced to 5
points higher. Total sales 6300 bags, including:
May, $G 60; June. $<> 60; August. $6 SO; Septem
ber. $6 S3; November. $6 90: December, $7 10.
SUGAR — Raw. steady; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4424 packages: steady.
Western creamery. 18®21c; factory. 17@lS',ic.
EGGS— Receipts. 13,833 packages: steady.
Western at mark, ll'- 4 c; Southern. ll%c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. Aiirll s.— Business was very
slow In evaporated apples and the market ruled
M'Jiet and unchanzed in prices. California
dried fruits wore quiet and steady. Trading
was of a hand-to-mouth order at old prices
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common.
4H@sc; prime. s=it{<sc; choice. 7'37y-c; fancy,
7^»ftS l ie.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3'^@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13^13c; Moorpark 13ffl6c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. lS<S;2c; unpeeled, ~^M
Sic.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, April s.— The opening of corn, was
easier because of the feeble attitude of Liver
pool and because there were many who looked
for a reaction. They repented later, for Liver
pool, which failed early to respond, took a
brace because of the spot firmness there.
Shorts covered, and boomed along by the big
outside business shot from first figures — 40v»?f
4oft c— up to the top, 42c. The cash demand
here slackened very visibly and an abundance
of profit-seek Inc corn came Into the market
which receded to 40%@41c, at which price it
closed %@\ic under yesterday.
Signs in the wheat m-rirket early were all
bearish— disappointing cables, fine weather and
a continued bear attitude on the part of the
local professionals. The corn strength and the
poor showing 01 Indiana and Ohio for the crop
caused a rally following the opening, but In
thi» end the. bearish news, reinforced by re
ports of rapid seeding in the Northwest, over
shadowed other considerations and the rally
was lost. There was a b\g market, however,
and tjttp pit was well filled. The cash demand
was ftack, the exrort demand being put by
New York at five loads. May opened H(fz-Hc
down, .at ftS'^'SS^c, declined to 67',ic, rallied
to 6Sn, reacted to 66%ti67e, and closed ie under
yesterday at 67c.
Provisions were active. There was an excel
lent cash demand and a strong hog market,
but on the other hand there were important
realizing sales made by longs. Lard and ribs
closed hrm. but pork was rather weak. Large
export sales of lard over night were reported
early In the session, and the foreign demand
to-day was very fair. The opening to-day was
Irregular. May closed 22Vsu depressed, May
lard unchanged and May ribs S'&T'jc up.
There was a lar^e speculative trade in oats,
with outside Interests leading in the buying.
Other grain markets were the chief influences.
There was active trade In July around 23c.
May closed Vi's%c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
I firm: No. 3 Spring wheat. 66<gG6V4c; "No. 2 red
i CSM.f 70>4c; No. 2 corn. 40U,(540%c; No. 2 oats!
2r,^-?i26c: No. 2 white. 2S>4c; No. 3 white. 2*131
2S»£c; No. 2 rye, 56c; No. 2 barley, 41(g>42c; No.
1 fl.-.xseed. $1 67<JT1 70; prime timothy seed, $2 35
Q2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $12 35(g13; lard,
per 100 rounds, $6 40&6 75; short ribs sides
(loose), $6 90{/7 15; dcy salted 6houlders (boxed).
$6 s(»i>6 73: short clear Bides (boxed), $7 20©7 33;
whirky. distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 25V. sugars, cut loaf, 6c; granulated, 6.44 c.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery, 18@2Oc; dairy
13Q18C. Cheese firm, 12@13c. Eggs steady"
fresh, 10c.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87V4.
Sterling Cables — 4 SSVi
New York Exchange, sight — 17Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — C9',4
Mexican Dollars 48% ?»
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Lynton takes for Cork 83,493
ctls. valued at $$1,400.
Chicago lost the ground recently gained and
closed weak at the decline. There was noth
ing new from the foreign markets.
The local market fell bacs in sympathy with
Chicaco.
Spot Vheat— Shipping, &6!i@97Hc; milling,
9S\-&» 01',;.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December- — 16,
000 ctis, $1 osv;.
Second Session— December — $000 etls. $1 05H:
10,000, $1 05; 22,000, $1 04 7 j,; May— lS.ooO, 97Vic;
2000, 97-Hc.
Rejjular Morning Session — December— l4,o)o
ctls, $10»t;; 12,000, $104^; 10,000. $104%; May—
12, 000, 97c.
Aftornoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 04%;
l»,0'i0 $1 04' i; 35.000, $1 04; 22,0U.>, $103%; iW\
$1 03"i: May— 2ooo, &6»ic.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report,
Vxctpt that another ship has been taken to
loaa for Europe. This demand has been very
clack of late.
Feed, 750 for No. 1 and 63<372>£c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, SO®
b7Vsc: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December— 2ooo ctls. 76c;
2«X">, 7.*<-4C.
OATS— lnactive at the old prices.
While. $1 lOfal 30; Red. HScijH 17^1 Gray,
$1 07H©l IS: Biack. 97Hc®$l 05.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at $1 05®
1 o"\i per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $IQI 10;
mixed. $1054j107»i per ctl.
RYk— s7V»cvsl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and '¦ Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75,
usual terms; bakprs' extras, $3 40(J(3 30; Oregon
and AVashlncton. «2 25<g3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hontiny. J3 23ff3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4tf4 25; Cracked Wheat, J3 75:
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $Cfi7 23; in sacks, $5 75®
7- Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 CO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed Stuffs.
All descriptions femaln as previously quoted.
URAN— $l2®l3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6OI9 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, 126R27; jobbing,
$27 50^i23; Cocoanut Cake. $20(921; Corn Meal,
$23 .r.0<&24;. r .O<&24; Cracked Corn, $24fr24 60; Mixed Feed,
$15 30; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat, $<®9 for common to good; $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
?6 50i&9; Oat. $64jS; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, $63"
7 50 ocr ton.
STRAW— 23S3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue firmly held at unchanged
prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 25; small White, $3 25@
3 50; large White. $3 20®3 25; Pink, $2@2 85; Red
$3 Wg3 75; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nominal;
Lima. $5 25; Pea, $3 4063 50; Red Kidneys, $3 50
@<.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%@4%c: Flax. $19002 20; Canary.
SHe per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9fisoc; Rape, 2',4®;3c; Hemp, 4®4'Ac;
Timothy, 4«j)lttc
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $19002 25; Green. $190
@2 23 per ctl.
• Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. About ESOO sks Potatoes came in from Ore
gon.
Onions again advanced. '
There was no particular change in Vege
tables.
Receipts were 785 boxes Asparagus, 781 boxes
Rhubarb, 734 sacks Peas and 22S sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65@75c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks. 40<?63c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 65cG$l; Sweet Potatoes, $1 85@2 25
for Merced; New Potatoes. l@2',ic.
ONIONS— S3 23@3 75 per ctl for good stock.
VEGETABLES— Rhubffrb, 60c@$l 25 per* box:
Asparagus. 60c{)$l per box for No. 2 and $1 23<^
1 60 for No. 1 and $1 75 for fancy large; Green
Peas, 75c@$l 50 per sack; String Beans. 4<gSc;
Cabbage, 4OSj'sOc; Tomatoes. $1(81 75; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles, 7(ffiloc; Dried Okra, 32>4c per
lb: Garlic, 2 1 / i@SVic: Orecn yeppers from Los
Angeles, 20c; Dried Peppers, SS'lOc; Carrots,
255j35c per pack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
75c@$l 25 per box; Cucumbers, 00c^$l 25 per
dczen.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market is now cleaned up of
stock and prices are firm In consequence. Game
continues nominal and will soon be dropped.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@llc for Gobblers
and 125J13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $2® 2 25;
Goslings. $2 256-2 75; Ducks, $4 50© 5 50 for old
and $4 &o<gs 50 for young; Hens, $3&0<&5; Younc
Roosters, $G@7; Old Roosters; $3CO@4: Fryers,
$5 50<&6; Broilers, $4©5 for large and $3@3 60 for
Miiiili: Pigeons, $1 75@2 per "dozen for old and
$1 754T2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $10125; Gray
Geese, $2@2 50; White, BO075C; Brant. 75c(g$l 50;
English Snipe, $2 CO; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Eggs have ngaln advanced, and most deal
ers report light stocks. This Is singular, as
receipts continue heavy, as will be seen else
where, and some dealers are still storing their
surplus.
There is no change in Eutter and Cheese.
both being steady, but quiet, with ample
stocks.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17®lJHc; seconds.
16'«16>ic.
Dairy— Fancj-. 16c; good to choice, lS^la^c;
common, 14c.
¦ CHEESE— Choice mild new, 7Vac; old, 7c;
New York Grain and Produce.
16.763 Baltimore & Ohio So
3'jO Canadian Pacific .S7Vi
8,075 Canada Southern SSV»
S,£:o Chesapeake & Ohio 31»«
4.025 Chicago Great Weetero UW
8,475 Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy lSl^s
3,615 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 26>4
1.C50 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 6S
SOO Chicago & Eastern Illinois lOo^i
2.522 Chicago & Northwestern 164
0.155 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 112*;
2.200 C C C & St Louts 64V*
100 Colorado Southern 6\
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 44Vs
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19
1,4»7 lVlaware 4: Hudson 117
TOO Delaware, Lack & Western ISOS
t£o Denver Ac Kio Grande 21 7 s
fCO Denver & Rio Grande jjrefd 74
120 Erie 13%
1,850 Erie lFt prefd.. 42 1 ,4
LiSO Great -Northern prefd 164
430 Hocking Coal 19
10.711 Hooking Valley 39
C 63 Illinois Central 115
{60 luwa Central lSi
122 lowa Contral prefd 65
340 Kansas City. Plttsburg & Gulf 19*;
3.175 Lake Erie & Western 31'>
300 Lake Erie & Western prefd 99
....... Lake Shore 200
16,045 Louisville & Nashville S5 T *
3,660 Manhattan Elevated i"JV«,
1.4J4 Metropolitan Street Railway 163
1.270 Mexican Central 13U
1,4.%0 Minneapolis & St Louis 6S«-»
2i>o Minneapolis & Ht Louis prefd 664
26.753 Mitpouri Pacific 50
200 Mobile & Ohio 47
. Missouri. Kansas &. Texas IH4
tSOO Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 35Vi
6,100 New Jersey Central 120 T s
11.C35 New York Central 13S>%
3.C20 Norfolk & Western 25Vi
Norfolk & Western prefd 75»i
19.933 Northern Pacific 61^
t2,CC3 Northern Pacific prefd.. 77>4
3,200 Ontario <£- Western 23Vi
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
<>r?gon Railway & Nay prefd 76
12C.263 Pennsylvania 141»4
6,109 Reading .20^
25.350 Reading Ist prefd ; 64*
6.J55 Reading 2d rrefd 341-4.
200 Rio Grande Western 5S
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
. ICO St I^ouls & P:in Francisco n>;
St I>ouis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
400 St Louis &¦ San Fran 2d prefd S7>i
]i>? St Louis. Southwestern 12 ] ->
r,.;7r. St Louis. Southwestern prefd 32*1
S,ryv> st Paul r-,.^
100 St Paul prefd 17'
Mo St Paul & Omaha US
47.760 Southern Pacific 40H
7.050 Southern Railway 141,
4.650 Southern Railway prefd... ... 60
2.600 Texas & Pacific "" 174
17.000 tTnion Pacific r.'.i*i
4,703 Union Pacific prefd 77
i.fjvi Wabash prefd ".'.7.7.7.7.'"."! "'fi*.
1.515 Wheeling & L E ....'" io"I
4.130 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd '.. 31
200 Wisconsin Central isi^
Express comranles—
i:0 Adams '. jjg
American Hn
United States " 4714
Wells-Fargo 123"
I.STO Amc-rican <">rtton Oil 37
275 American Cotton Oil prefd ."!! 97
2<v> American Malting 4
KO Ami-rlran Malting preM «o<i
POO American Smelting* Refln 3f.'i
07". American Smelting & r.efln prefd.. 8i»«4
American Spirits 2u
American Spirits prefd 17
730 American Steel Hoop :.. 3:,u,
Kfl Amerlrp.n Steel Hoop prefd SI
7.4K0 American Steel & Wire SCtfi
4SO American Steel & Wire prefd POU
350 American Tin Plate 33i 2
l.'O American Tin Plate prefd S3H
32. .j0 American Tobacco 106^
American Tobacco prefd 1354
h,4T,0 Anaonnrta Mining Co b\*i
19.1^0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73
3.125 Colorado Fuel & Iron 4!CV,
14.930 Continental Tobacco 31%
1 1.213 Continental Tobacco prefd S4
12.:->45 Federal Steel 4«7^
1.3C0 Fr.leral Steel prefd 7314
22<» General Electric : 1304
210 Glucose Sugar 5214
Glucose Puirar prefd PSVA
C.'.O International I'aper 21
120 International Paper prefd C4U
1 Ix»cle<le Gas 74"
ICO National Bisruit 3;, i;
"...:... National Biscuit prefd 50
1.400 National Lead ;4i' fc
National Lead prefd iij3
1.C20 National Steel 431^
National Steel rrefd <>i\
New York Air Brake : 12s
800 North American i:,i;
200 Pacific Coast 51^4
Pacific Coast Ist prefd *2
Pacific Coast 2d prefd CO
4.210 Pacific Mall J3V t
71.920 People's Gas Kis»i,
430 Pressed Pteel Car 53
../.... l'r»F«ed Steel Car prefd V3'4
Pullman Palace Car IS3
iw* Standard Rope & Twine 64
63,173 Sugar IV>\
110 Sugar pref.i 109
1.6T.0 Tenne«ee Coal A: Iron flijtj
1.470 T'r.ited States leather 1214
210 United States Leather prefd 73
2.100 United State* Rubber 34
United States Rubber prefd flfd^
2!3 WeFtern Union 83'^
4<"5 Republic Iron & Steel 22
170 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 66
P C C & St Louis.. .» CS
549 Th.rd A\-enue 102
725,700 Shares fo!<1.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2?, |M X & T 4s 93%
when Issued 103Vfe N V Cent -sts 11QV,
US 2s reg 99V N J Cent Ken 55...124H
U P 3s reg 109H ! N Carolina 6s 124'j
\: S 3s coup 110H-N Carolina 4s 106
U B new 4k reg 133*4 N Pacific 3s 6SV4
V S new 4s e0up...133VN Pacific 4s 104%
U S old 4s reg U4Vk|N YC& S L 45.. .106
U S old 4s c0up.. .. 114V N & W con 4s 9S'4
U S 3s reg: lia^jN & W een 6s 133
U f i« coup in» 4 Or Nay lsts 110
I Dlb of Col 3.C35....119 [Or Nay 4s lft»'.4
j Atchison cpn 45...100H Or Short Line 65..12S
{ Atchison adj 4r.... 84VOr S I>lne con J5..113H
Canada So 2ds 106% Reading Gen 4s 90Vfc
Che*. & Ohio 4V»5...100 R G W lsts 99M
Ches & Ohio 55.... 120V S L & I M con Ss.lll
C & N W con 75... 142 ;S L & S F een 65.. 120
C & NWSFdeb 65.121 |St Paul cons 171« i
Chgo Terminal 43. 96Vi 1 S PC & P 15t5.. ..119=*
D & R G lsts 10SHJ8 P C & P Ts 120U,
D & R G 4s fISVSn Railway 5s 113 "
E T Va & Ga lsts.K'l'i Stand R & T 65.... 72
Erie General 45.... 75 :Tenn new set 35... 95»4
F W & D C lsu... 73»i Tex & Pac 15t5.. ..115
Gen Electric C«....120 iTex & Pac 2d5.... r,6
GII & S A 6-...-...110 I Union Pacific 45.. .106
G II & S A 2<15....108 |Wabash lets 11S>4
II & T C Cf 11l jWabash 2ds 103
H & T C con Cs...lM 'West Shore 4s 114
lowa Cerjt 15t5. ...114 jWis Cent lsts 92? i
X C P & G lists... 74V: Va Centuries 91
La new cons 4s 10$ iVa deferred 9Vi
L & N l*ni 4s 100 iColo & So Pac 4s. 84%
M X & T 2ds./.... CS!»i:So Pr.ciflc 4s Ss',i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 14, Ontario 8 50
Crown Point 16 Ophlr 77
Con (V. & Va 1 4SS Plymouth 20
Deßdwood CSlQulcksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry.... l'jQuicksllver prefd.. SOO
Ha> & Norcross... 22, Sierra Nevada CO
Hnmwtake DO 00; Standard 3 15
Iron Silver GS Union Cor. 14
Mexican IS Yellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— !Unton Pacific C9?I
I Call loans 3'4'7T4 Wwt End ......... 93
I Time loans 4 #5 Wls Central ifc%
; Stocks— Bonds—
I A T &. S F 27»i Atchison 4s my.
; A T & S F prrfd.. 71'4!N E Gas&Coke 6g. 70 "
(American 5ugar.. .. 109% | Mining Shares—
lAm Sugar prefd 109 lAdventure. 5 ,
{ Hell Tel-phone 311 JAllouez M!n C 0.... 2%
1 Boston & Albany. .243 Amalg Copper V',%
I rkmton Elevated.. ..ll9 Atlantic 2S
I Boston & Maine.. ..191 Boston A M0nt.. ..313
i Chco. Bur & Q....131V4 Butte & Boston f.O
I>om!nlon Coal 4C Calumet & Hec1a. .750
IV>m Coal preffl 115 (Centennial 22%
Federal Steel 49 iFranklln ]6'A
Fed Steol prefd.... 72% ! Humboldt 7i"
Fltchburg prefd. ...132 jOsoeola 7O'/t
General Electric. .l#Wj Parrot 48"
(Jon Hlec prpfd 13<! :Qulncy 133
F-l Elec 111 203 Santa Fe Copper... 614
N X Ga« & Coke.. 11 iTamaraek 193
Old Colony VA Utah Mining 23%
Old Dominion J2 Winona &
Rubber 33J4 Wolverines 42
market on account of easier cables, closing
weak, at $31 12Vj and $31 37,4 asked against
$31 75 last night at the close. Spelter continues
its upward course, influenced by a good all
around demand, closing firmer in tone, at .$4 70
bid and $4 80 aFked. Lake Copper held firm at
good prices, closing at $17 50. Pigiron warrants
were quiet. Lead ruled quiet and unchanged,
at $4 67H bid and $4 70 asked. The brokers'
prlc<* tor lead is Si 45 and for copper $17017 25.'
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO', April C— CATTLE— Receipts, 9500;
best on. sale to-day, $5 70; generally steady to
strong. Natives— Best on sale to-day, $5 70.;
good to prime steers, strong, $505 SO; poor to
medium, steady. $4 25®4 00; selected feeders,
firm, $4 20(54 So; mixed stockers. steady, $3 uO@
4: cows, nctlve and stronger, $3rtf4 M>: heifers,
% i 25 Ji 4 50; canners. slow, ¦ t-<@2 73; bulls, Ilrm,
$2 75<5'4 25; calves, higher, is 4 50518 50. Texans—
Receipts. 1000; best on sale to-day, four cara
at $3; Texas fed steers, ' easier, $4@5; Texas
bulls, stronger,- $3 20\^3 CO. -
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000: to-morrow, es
timated, 20,000; left over, none; average a shade
higher; top. $5 65; mixed and butchers, $5 35@
£to: good to choice heavy. $5 f.o®s 63 ; ¦ rough
heavy, $5 35ig3 45; light, $5 30(25 CO; bulk of
sales, $5 50ft 5 go.
SHEKP— Receipts, 12,000; sheep and lambs,
flow; good to choice wethers, JS'gS 30; fair to
choice mixed. $5®6; Western sheep, $5 75*7 6 30;
yearlings. $G(f?6 63; native lambs, $3 CO&7 40;
\\ estern lambs, $007 40.
Portland's Business..
PORTLAND. April s.— Clearings, $317,533;
balances, $86,804.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 6.— ln the Portland wheat
market to-day it was not a difficult matter to
Ret bids of £4g55c for strictly flrst-clasa No. 1
Walla Walla and there were reports from the
interior that a shade better than the top
figure mentioned had been paid. Most of the
buyers refused to go up as high as 53c. Val
ley, 14c; blue stem, £7c.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 208.157 bushels.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, April s.— The wheat market was
steady and firm to-day. Blue stem, £6c;
club, S4c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 6.— Consols, 101%@101 11-16;
silver, 27% d; French rentes, lOlf 12V4c Wheat
cargoes on passage, sellers at advance of 3d;
cargoes No. 1 Standard California. 30s; cargoes
Walla Vv'alla, 295; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL. April s.— Wheat, steady: wheat
in Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON-Uplands, 5 7-16 d. .
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, nominal. Futures, easy;
April, nominal; May, 5s lO^d; July, 5s 93»d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new.
4s 2d; old, 4s 2»id. Futures, steady: May, 4s
2d; July, 4s l%d; September. 4s 4Vid.
Charters.
The Archer loads rcerchanClße lor Honolulu;
FiiKs cf Clyde, merchandise for Hilo.
The Fred J. Wood loads lumber at British
Columbia for Kobe. 70s.
The Indore is chartered for barley to Eu
rope. «ls 2d-
Revenue Collections.
Interr.al revenue collections in this district
in March were jr.:.018. against $270,2:.2 for
March. IS?S, and for the first nine months et
the f.seal year J2.J50.104. against $2.1«'5,3ril last
year This year's collections include 1^3,^3
for beer, JK.7.SOS for Fi)lr:is. i:?3.55l for to
bacco and $;S2.STB for war ttamr«-
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs. Ae?l»tant Treasurer cf the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
or hand April 3 tut follows :
United States r.otes $2«.31S OD
Treasury nott-s of I^so fc1.817 00
National blink notes 1.640 00
Gold certificates 251.27© 00
River certificates 206,0.9 *0
Cold coin 14.625.017 76
t":an.Jar<i filver dollars 31,571.051 00
Bubeidiary eilver coin 404.321 €5
Minor-coin .• 21.571 SS
Total J47.194.056 33
Shipments cf ellver er!n from the same efflce
for the rr.or.th of March were as follows:
PtariarJ silver de'lars $108. V>0
Subsidiary silver 87.215
_¦ . • *¦« TIS
Fruit and Salmon in London
¦
Tt-.e London Grocers' Gazette of March 17
cay*: Fruit* . move fairly considering the
spring demand. There are indication!? that
I rices will V-e popular. The country demand
:'or palmon is as largo a s ever, and big suji
v!lf« are going Ir.to consumption. The River
I'aUoch. as we tvritf. is «?pok»-n about ten days
asiey from port; but large quantities of tne
poods on bcxrd are already 6 3ld. Half-pound
Una seem to be very popular.
JI" eat her Report.
(Bsth Merifiian-Pecifle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 5. 5 P- m. .
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of tame date last
season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Stations— 24 hours. *ea»an. season.
Kurt-ka t'.C' 44.2ti 31.53
lied B.uS 0.00 20.03 19.37
haoramento 0.00 13.52 13.?1
S-"an Francisco 0.00 17.47 15.33
Fresno 0.00 7.23 €.76
Indi-;.end»-nce 0.00 2.7S 1.15
San Lule Oblspo 0.00 15.10 14.77
Los Anpele» 0.00 5.67 4.79
San Dies* 0.00 3.18 4.16
Vumi 0.00 0.77 1.54
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
64; minimum. »; mean. W.
WEATHER CONDITION.-: AND GENERAL
The rresFure ha-« fallen slowly over the
northern half cf the Facinc Coast, and rapidly
over the Ufper Missouri Valley. Over Aniona
and Southern California there has been a rapid
rise.
Conditions are favorable for unsettled weather
Friday over the greater portion cf the Pacific
The temperature ha* ris^n 10 degrees or more
Heavy ram if r«-:^irted from Phenlx. nearly
thr*-f- fourths of an inch having fallen in the
j.ast twelve hours. Snow Its failing in Northern
Arizona and Southern Utah.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: In.it-r^nfi^ncf, 7S miles r>er hour,
from the north; JTuraa. 2-5 miles, from the north-
Forecart mad" at San Francisco for 30 hours
er.dir.g midnight A; rl! 6. 1WO:
Northern California — <".oudy. unsettled
¦vre.ither Friday, probably showers fn northern
end ce-ntral portion ; iiirht southerly winds la
the interior. *-«-M«*rly on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Friday, with fhowirs In the interior
a.rirt possibly or. th<" eoru=t; southwesterly wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday.
l.'tsh — Cloudy; wanner Krl<".ay.
Ariz -r.a— Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday,
with eheworr; werrr.er in southern portion.
San Frano^co and vicinity — Cloudy, uneet
tiM weather Friday, possibly light Bhowers;
freah southwest w'.nis.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
TO SAIL.
Silver zvcakcr. Exchange undisturbed.
Wheat lozver and zveak. Barley dull.
Other cereals stand as before.
Hay and Feedstuff s inactive and unchanged.
Beans still held zvith firmness.
Large arrivals of Potatoes from Oregon. •
Onions adz-anccd again.
Butter and Cheese steady. Eggs still firmer.
Poultry in light stock at previous prices.
Fruits of all kinds steady.
No further advance in Provisions.
Meat market undisturbed.
A r <rtc York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April o.— Money on call steady
at 3??3»i per cent; last loan, 3. per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4Vi'S's per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual buninefa in bankers'
hills at $4 id%Tii 564 for demand and at $4 S3>i
04S3U for sixty days: posted rates, $4 S4 and
$4 S7>4. Commercial bills. $4 S-2^. Silver cer
tificates, 60U©61Vic. Bllvor bars, 69% c. Mex
ican dollars, 47^1*. Government bonds, weak;
State bonds, strong; railroad bonds, firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 6.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury, balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption,- shows: Avail
able cash balance, $156,216,313; gold, $97,138,474.
London Market.
NEW YORK. April s.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial .cablegram says:
The markets were stagnant and heavy through
out the session, still affected by the approach
ing holidays. Americans opened dull and
sagged all day. A few slight attempts were
made to rally them, but sellers always pre
ponderated until In • the street, where a frac
tional recovery took place. The only hard
epots were Baltimore and Ohio, Central Pa
cific and Pennsylvania. Coppers got a set
back on profit-taking by both French and Eng
lish sellers. Tintos were 59H. Anacondas,
10 13-16. The Bank of England lost £100,000
gold to Argentina. Money was very easy and
the large sum due the Bank of England was
wholly repaid. Bills were a shade harder.
The Bank of England return showed note ex
pansion and bullion reduction due to the usual
quarterly movements. The reduction of public
deposits was due to disbursements. The re
duction of other securities was due to the
market's repayment of borrowings.
CLOSING.
Union Pacific preferred, 79%; Northern Pa
cific preferred. 79H: Atchison, 2S 7 .a; Grand
Trunk, S»i: Anaconda, 10T»; Rands, 36^- Bar
silver, steady, 27Hd.
Foreign Futures.
40 Contra Costa Water 65 50
175 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar »7 CO
75 Honokaa S Co 32 50
$10,000 Los -Angeles Ry 5s M 3 j0
360 Makawell Sugar Co ** *£%
$3000 Oceanic S S bonds !•>> £>
2W Paauhau S P Co 31 0<)
23 Paauhau S P Co. s 3 31 J?
10 Paauhau S P Co 31 **
$2000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortg) 104 00
150 VlKorit Powder ? 3 «
Street— „
$?000 Ry of Cal 6s "* £>
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds 10« °°
. PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— ..
200 Anaconda . °2
100 Barker Ranch • J }¦>
EOO Home Oil ¦ 3 SO
Afternoon Session, .'
Board- -V/Jl
230 Anaconda .......•..' wi
150 Barker Ranch •••• J£*
2CO Home Oil f— *«°
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 30 50 Overman 21
100 Crown Point... 13 300 Potosl 13
200 Hale & Norcrs. 23 » Union Con Vj
10» Mexican 23 SO) Utah 13
100 Ophir 84
Afternoon Session
•no Alta' 071 100 Gould & Curry. 17
200 Best & Belcher. 32 300 Mexican 2t
SO Con Cal & Va..l 60; 2f>o Ophlr 88
60 Crown Point... 19 100 Ophlr »'
60« Crown Point... is! 200 Savage "
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 07 f 200 Gould & Curry. 1?
400 Alta 06! 2CO Ophlr «»
800 Best & Belcher. 82 200 Union C0n...... -;)
100 Caledonia 100 850 Yellow Jacket.. 29
€50 Con Cal & Va..l 60 35 Yellow Jacket.. 27
60 Con Cal & Va..l 55
Afternoon Session,
200 Belcher 31, 200 Ophlr S5
400 Con Cal & V.I 62V| 200 Seg Belcher..... 05
200 Con Cal & W..1 to 200 Yellow Jacket.. 29
COO Justice 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. April s— i P- m.
Bld.Aak. Bld - As £;
Alpha 04 04'Kentuek 01 02
Alta 07 OS Lady Wash - 06
Andes 12 13;Mexlcan 23 24
Belcher 31 22 ; Occidental 12 14
Be*t & Belcher. 31 32'Ophlr 86 87
Bullion 03 04; Overman 22 23
Caledonia 1051 15 j Potosl 17 IS
Chollar IS 17 ; SavaK* 12 14
Challenge Con.. 21 22 Scorpion — «-
Confidence 73 73|Seg Belcher.... 04 ft>
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65! Sierra Nevada. 55 6.
Con Imperial... 01 02'Sllver Hill 11 —
Con New York. 02 —St Louis — 1-
Crown Point... X> 20 Standard 300 —
Exchequer 02 03 ; Syndicate — 1-s
Gould & Curry. 18 17!UnlonCon 13 20
Hale & Norcrs. 22 23JUtah 13 13
Julia — 03lYellow Jacket.. 23 3)
Justice 05 07
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high a*d low waters occur at
the city front (Mlssicn-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. APRIL 6.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Patrick Blake to William P. Blake. lot on
SK line of Minna street. 200 XE of Sixth. SE
73. NE 30. NW 4), NE o:2>*. NW 35. SW 2):4;
also lot on W line of Thornton street. 133 N
of Delaware. N 25 by W 100. lot 3. block 1,
City Land Association; gift.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Arthur O. and
Man" F. de Rutte, lot^ on N line of California
street 107:6 E of Twenty-fourth avenue, E 25
by N 100; $10.
Robert C. and Nettie C. Patten to Solomon
Getz, lot on NE corner of Forty-fourth avenue
and O strett, E 120 by N-200; $10.
Julius J 'or Joshua J.) Klain. Rose Netter.
Caroline and David Klaia to Helene Dieling,
lot on S line of McAllister street, 165 E of Bu
chanan. E 27:6 by S 120; $10.
Henela G. Malson to Clarice M. Thomas
(Maison). Louise L. and Bernard L. Malson.
lot on S line of BeulalT street, 106:3 W of Shra
tler, W 23 by S 100; gift.
Timothy Norton to Robert J. Norton, lot on
W line of Shotwell street. 1» S of Seventeenth.
S 25 by W, 122:6; $1400.
Same to Mary E. Norton, lot on S line of
Fourteenth street, 150 E of Sanchez. E 23 by
S 125: ?14."i>.
Same to Azneg T. Norton. lot on N line of
Fifteenth street, IS3 E of Castro, E 25 by N
113; $1730.
Loul»a Bogen to Emma Schmedes, undivided
one-half of lot on SW corner of Noe and Henry
streets. S 30:6 by W 96; $10.
James Ward to Thomas McCann. lot on N
line of Twenty-third street. 73 E of Alabama.
E 50 by N 1(M: IMS).
; Kate B. Darnell to Orvllle D. Baldwin, lot on
N line of Commercial street. 102:3 E of Mont
gomery, E 20:2}; by N 53:9 (quitclaim deed);
$fio.
I'hilinda G. Lincoln to Ethel Lincoln, all In
terest In same; $10.
Fred'ka Ruf to Annie F. Ruf, lot on N line
of Humboldt street. 25 W of Kansas. W 25 by
N 100; gift.
P E Towne to Mary C. Conradea. lot on E
line of Hyde street. 112:6 N of Turk, N 25 by
E 87:6; =lft. .
Same to Ferdinand Conradea. lot on NTS line
of Howard street. 230 SW of Eighth. SW 23 by
NW 9"): ilft.
Cornelius J. Crowley (by Murray F. Vandall.
commissioner) to Germai. Savings and Loan
Society, lot on NW line of Natoma street, 119:6
SW of First. SW 23:6 by NW 73: $2452.
Julia Liddle to Edwin E. Liddle. lot on SE
line of Clementina street, 223 NE of Second.
NE 25 by SE SO; also lot on S line of Turk
street 130 W of Scott, S 100 by W f/>; also lot
on w'line of Sanchez stre-t. 363 S of Thirtieth.
5 20 W *9:S NW 33:4. E 107:4: also lot on S
line 'of Thirtieth street. 42:10 E of Castro. E
33 by S 123; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Hale Brothers, incorporated (owners), with
Western Expanded Metal and Flreprooflng Com
pany (contractors), architects Reid Bros.— Metal
lathing and certain furring for a four-story
and basement brick and steel building on S
line of Market street, 78 E of Sixth: $3690 65.
Same owners with Gray Bros, (contractors),
architects same— Fireprooflng of first floor, ce
ment floor in basement and cement sidewalks
for same en same; $5342.
Herbert E. Law (owner) with Judson Manu
facturing Company (contractors), architect Al
bert Pissis— Steel and wrought iron work, fire
escapes and hatchways for a six-story and
basement steel and brick building on N corner
of Mission and Annie streets, NW SO by NE
D 7:6; $5325.
Same owner with Charles M. Depew (con
tractor), architect same— Grading, trenching,
bulkheadlng. concrete, artificial stone paving,
brick, granite, carpenter, stair, mill, galvan
ized Iron and tin work, hardware and glazing
for same on same; $23,594.
Harry W. Goodall (owner) with Hansbrough
6 Robertson (contractors), architect Edward R.
Swain— All work except plumbing for a two
story and basement frame building on N line
of Washington street, 130 W of Locust. W CO by
N 127:S'.*. W. A. 529; $13,530.
Same owner with Richard Rice (contractor),
architect same— Sewering, plumbing, etc., for
same on same; $2245.
Alvlnza Hayward (owner) with Edward F.
& Foster Mllllken (contractors), architect G.
W. Percy — Structural steel frame work for an
11-story office building on NE corner of Cali
fornia and Montgomery streets, N 93 by E 87:6;
$96,660. •
Same owner with McGUvray Stone Company,
a corporation (contractors), architect same —
Sandstone work for same on NE corner of
Montgomery and California streets, E 87:6 by
N 93; $55,0C0.
J. F. Cowdery (owner) with F. L. Honsen
(contractor), architect Charles Paff— All work
except painting and plumbing for a two-story
frame building with brick foundations and fin
ished attic on SW corner of Jackson and Ma
ple streets, S 64:3 by W r 117:9; $7100.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVET>.
Thursday, Acrtl 5.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. SSVi hours frota. Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. 13 hours from
Mendocino.'
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. 83 hour* from
Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62^4 hour*
from San Diego and way porta.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlakel, 15 hours from Fort
Bragsr-
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 14 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Brunswick. Anflndsen. 21 hours from
Eureka, bound south; put in to land passen
gers.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. 42 hours from Ga
viota.
Stmr Alcazar. Carlson. 63 hours from New
port (S). _
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. 21& hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 23 hours from, Monterey,
etc.
Stmr Luella, Miller. 70 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. 23 hours from Eureka,
Br stmr Moana, Carey. 23 days from Sydney,
via Honolulu 7 days.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pederson. 90 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman. 11 day»
from Comox.
Ship St Nicholas. Brown. 10 days from Se
'flktn J L Evlston, Wlrschulelt. 5% days from
Coos Bay.
Bktn Portland. Larsen. 1 2days from What
com. • '
Schr ConfSanza. Christiansen. 6 (Jays from
Coqutlle River. '
Schr C T Hill. Hansea. 10 days from Gray*
Harbor.
Schr Monterey. Beck, 4U days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Thursday. Aprtlo.
Stmr City of Puebla, Thomas. Victoria, etc:
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Benmohr. Wallace, Manila: L 8
Government.
Br strar Warfleld. Pattle, Chemalnus; It
Dunsmiu's Sons.
SAILED.
Thursday. April 5.
Stmr Bortta. Nleolaon. San Pedro.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. .
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. .
Whallns stmr Alexander. Tilton. whalln*
voyage.
Mr ship Lynton, Jamn. Queenstown.
Bark J D Peters, Townsend. ChignUc and
Uyak.
Tvs Samson, Srream, .
Barge Washkiaum, Bonerud. >
Schr Maweema. Smith. Seattle.
Schr Mary C. Camp Dell. Fort Ros«.
Schr Parkersburr. Jorirenson. Coqullle River.
Salllns of echr Bonita yesterday Is an error.
as she did not salt.
* TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 5. 10 p in— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity IS miles.
SPOKEN.
Arril 1. lat 23 08 N. lon 74 IS W— Stmr Fi
nance, from New York, for Colon.
March 2. lat 12 S. lon 34 W— Br ship Ardna
murchan. from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April 4— Schr John
D Tallant, from Port Townsend.
REDONDO— Arrived April s— Stmr Grace
Dollar, her.cc Arril 2.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed April s— Br stmr Bel
gian King and U S stmr Adams, for San Fran
cisco.
GREENWOOD — Arrived April a— Stmr Green
wood, hence April 4.
ROCKPOttT— Sailed April s— Stiar Scotia, for
San FranclsJo.
USAL— Sailed April 3— Stmr Navam\ for Saa
Francisco. ' • ' - _
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April &—Stmr National
City, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April s— Ship
Spartan, hence March 29; schr Fred J Woods,
from Santa Rosalia; schr Roy Soraers. frora
Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April s— Bktn Quick
step, for Tacoma: schr Winslow, for Tacoma.
ASTORlA— Arrived ADril s— Stmr State, of
California, hence April 3.
SEATTLE— Arrived April s— Stair Bertha.
bence Arril 1-
BANDON— Arrived Asrtl s—Schr5 — Schr Rio Key,
hence March 15.
COOS BAY— Barbound April 6— Stmx Empire.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— CIeared April 4— Shla P N
Blanchard. for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 4— Stzar Alllanca,
from Colon.
Sailed April 4— Br stmr Athoa. for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS
CARDlFF— Arrived April 4— Br this Port
Patrick, hence Nov 10. .•;. • ; ; ¦
LONDON— Arrived March s— Russ baric Fa
vell, from Victoria,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 4— Stmr City of
Peking;, bence March 15.
ADELAIDE— Arrived April *-Bark Abby
Palmer, from Tacoma.
NANAIMO— SaiIed April 3— Br strnr Bobert
Adamson. for San Dlegr> April 4— Stmr Miseo
la. for Port Los Angel*.
VANCOUVER. B C— Arrived April 5. at S
hama and Honskong.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 4— Br ship Ra
hana, hence Dec 7.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Arril 4— Br «hip
Pythomene. hence Dec 7. for Hull: Fr baric
Gen de Charette. h»nee Nov 3. for Hull.
MAHUKONA— SaI>d March 13— Schr Jenni»
Wand, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 2:-Br stmr "Manauenae. from
Nanaimo. a
HlLO— Sailed March 20— Haw ship Falls ot
Clyde. for San Francisco.
Arrived March 13— Bktn S O Wilder. henc«
HONOLULU— Arrived March 26— Bktn Eehcu.
from Caleta Puera: Ital war stmr Calabria,
from San Dies' l : »hl» SX> Carleton. from New
York- stmr Martrwsa, hence March 21: ship
Dashing Wave, from Tacoma: Br ship Gren
ada from Newcastle. NSW. March 23— U S
stmr Pathfinder, from Kaunakakal.
Sailed March 36— G<>r bark Arnold, for Port
Townsend: bktn Amelia, for Eureka. March
27— Br tork ForthNtnk. for Port Townsend.
March 2*— Br ship Drummuir, for Port Town
send: V 9 "tnir Mrad<\ for Manila: etmr Marl
pn«<n. for Sydney; ship Geo Curtis, for San
Francisco; bktn Jane L Stanford, for San
Franci.«co.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Feb 7fl— Ship
Hecla. for Honolulu. Feb 22— Fr ship Marie,
fnr Honolulu: Br bark City of Adelnld*. for
Honolulu; ship John C Potter, for Honolulu:
Br shlr> Bengalore. for Honolulu. Feb 23 —
Ph!r> Elwell. for Tlonolulu: Br shlr> Windsor
pnrk. for San FTanrlsco. March 2 — Schr Olga.
for Kahului. March B—Br8 — Br bark Ivanho*. for
Honolulu. March ? — Ship Florence, for Hono
lulu. March 10— Bark Carrollton. for Kahulut.
Marrh 12— Ship Standard, fnr Honolulu. To gall
March 15— Br ship Australia, for Honolulu.
In port March 14— Br ship Australia, for
Honolulu: Haw >>htr» Balclutha, for Pan Fran
cisco: Br ship Elmhurst. for San Francisco-
Fchr Honolcu. for Honoipu: bark Orearon. for
ITonolulu: ship Rearer, for Honolulu: Haw ship
Star of Italy, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April s— Stmr Mun
chen. from Bremen.
Sailed April s— Stmr Augusts Victoria, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg- stmr
Xa Bretajrne. for Havre: stmr Frtederich der
Gross<». for Bremen, via Southampton
MAJA-Arrived April 4— Stmr Xesa. from
Portland. Or. via Vladivostok
GLAPGOW-ArriveJ April 5-Stmr Astoria.
fr"m Yew York.
LONDON— Arrived April s— Stmr Marquette.
jNAPLFR-ArrWed April 5-Strar Trave. frora
New York, for Genoa.
HAMnrP.O-Arrive.l April 5-Stmr Patricia.
from New York, via Plymouth.
Anril 4— Stmr Belerarla. for New
' PLYMOrTH-Sallert Anril 5-Stmr Pretorta.
from TTamhtire. for New York
OUEENSTOWN _ Sailed April 5 - Stmr
Oceanic, from Liverpool, for New York.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
Steamer Movements.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1900.
Young America, S@9c; 'Eastern. 15® 16c; West
ern, 13H@l5c per lb. •%
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and 14H®16c
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Strawberries declined again under receipts of
70 chests. ;* ,""-.
Oranges and Lemons continued firm under
light supplies, though the market was hardly
aa stiff as it has been. Limes are plentiful and
dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 75(g80c per box for common. $I@l 50
for pood to choice and $1 7592 for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— S3®6 per chest for large
and f 10@l3 for small berries.
CITUbS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 23iff3 2i
per box; Seedlings, $ljil T5: Lemons. $l@l 50
for common and $2<@2 50for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5; California Limes, ' :
Bananas. $1 25Q2 &0 per bunch; Pineapples, $485
per dozen.. ,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4ft4*4c for
40-50's. 3yit?4c for 50-60's. 3Vic for CO-70s, 3V4c
for 70-SO's, 3@3V«c for 80-90's and 2^o for 90
100's; Apricots, 11@12«4c for Royals. 12H@15c
for Moorparks and -ll^M^c for Blenheims;
Peaches, 5%t?6c for Standards. 6HSj"6y 4 c for
choice and 7(48c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10-t?
12% c; Evaporated Apples. 6®7c; Sun-dried, iif
BHc per lb; Nectarines. B®9c: Pears. SVi'iUMc
for dark and TfflSc for bright halves; Black
Figs. 2@2Hc; White Figs. 2@3c: Bleached
Plums, S@9c; unbleached Plums, 7@7^c for
pitted and lHc for unfitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, .per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. SHe; choice, 7V4c; standard, i^c:
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
GO-lb boxes. Be; 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 6Hc:
3-crown, 6^c: 4-crown. 7c: London .Layers,
2-crown, $150 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, B@9c for standards and
9@loc for softsheils; Almonds, HV4@l2c for
paper shell. 9@loc for soft and 4@sc for hard
shell: Peanuts, 5%56%c for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts, 7H@Bc; Filberts,
12f?12Hc: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50#5.
HONEY— Comb. HH®l2c for bright and 10^49
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted. 7K®7V4c; dark,
6Hfi6e per lb. ¦ i. ••
BEESWAX- 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues firm, with light stocks
and a fair demand.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10% c per lb for
heavy. 10Hc for light medium, HVic for light.
12% c for extra light and 13'^c for sugar-cured;
Eastern EUgar-cured Hams. 13c: Mess Beef, *!..
per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; «*ra
Prime Pork, $14 60015; extra clear. $19; Mess,
$16 50; Smoked Beef, 12H^13c per lb.
HARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Bc per ID for
compound and B©BHc for pure; half barrels,
pure, S%c; 10-lb tins, 9Vic; 5-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. S4jS&c per lb: 10-lb
tins, 9%c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKlN'S— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10c: medium. 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides, 9c;
Stags, 7c; Salted .Kip. 9c; Calf, 9%®10c;
Dry Hides sound. l!>c: culls and brands, lac;
Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf. 19c; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 15© 80 c each; short Woo . 3o|?
60c each; medium. 70<&9Cc; long \\ 001. JISI 2a
each; Horse Hides. $2 25®3 for large and $1 2a
(gl 75 for small; Colts. 23® 50c. Deer. Skins-
Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medium skins.
35c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, otic;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. CBSVic per lb; No.
2 404Hc; refined. 6»,ic: grease, 2Vi®3c.
\vooi-«— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, l«fn>c; Northern defective. 13®
16c; Middle County free, 15@17c; Middle
County defective. 13015 c: Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12fcl4c: <!o free, 7 months', 12-Slsc;
do defective, 7 months'. 10(gl2c; Humboldt and
Mendocino 20® 23c; Nevada, 16@lSc per lb.
HOPS— 6M:&IQc Per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Hogs continue In light supply.
KKEF- 6^ift"c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@Sc; ewes, 6Wa~c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring 9©loc per lb.
I'ORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small and medium
and &Vi@s%o for large; stock Hogs and feed
ers, hWjiii'tc; dressed Hogs, "ySVic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Vis6Vic; Wool Bags, 2Sfe®32^c;
Fleece Twine. 7V*e.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $S; ' Southneld Wellington, $7 CO; Seattle,
16 50; Bryant, *6 50; Cocs Bay. $5; Wallsend. $S.
Co-operative Wallsend. $S; Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and $13 25 In sackn; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egs, 114; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. Jli i*r
sacks: Castle Gate and Rock Springs, $3 45 per
2000 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60 c; Powdered,
C.COc; Candy Granulated, 3:20 c; Dry Granulated,
s.lwc; Confectioners' A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A, 4.7i>e;
Extra C. 4.60 c; Golden C, 4.">oc: barrels 10c
more: half-barrels, 23c more; boxes. Me more;
fo)-Ib bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, u.Sjc; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.«
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. APRIL 5.
Flour, qr sks 16-.3.".5: Eggs, doz. 34.T60
¦Wheat, ctls 85.156 Wool, bags 273
Barley, ctls 5,320 Hops, bales. 3
Oats, ctls 4'*i leather, rolls 119
Corn, otls M Hlto. No 2%
Cheese, ctls 267jPeIts, Mist 13>>
Butter, ctls "'>'! Straw, tons 24
Tallow, ctls 210. Hay. tons 24S
Chicory, bbls s' Potatoes, sks 2,02<5
Lime, bbls SI Onions, sks >.. V)
Sugar bbls lS3;Bran. Eks 1.620
Brandy, gals l.SOuj Middlings, sks.... 1,000
Wine, gals 39.6W1
OREGON.
Flour, qr sk» 21. 807 j Onions, sks 242
Potatoes, ska 8,514 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
April 6. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N.. in charge.
PARIS.
NOTE
8
AKTICI^ES. Open. nigh. Lrtw. IClose.
_*" I I i
Wheat Xo. 2—
April 66%
May Cl\ CS 66% 67
July 69 1 * C9>; CSV; 65%
September 63% C3*s CS% 63%
Corn Xo. 2— ! | 'I
April | 40Vi
May 41 "42 40^ 41
July 41% 4?%! 41% 41%
Septfmber 42% 43Vi 41% 42V*
C>ata Xo. 2— .
May 2.-«J 25%. 24% 25>i
July 23»i 25% 24% 25^
September 23Vi,. 2i% 23% 24
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 13 15 13 30 12 95 12 97V,
July 12 S2Vi 13 07& 12 £2*4 12 S2&
I^ard. 100 lbs—
May 670 6 77V4 6 67«* 670
July 6 73 6 80 6 75 6 80
September 685 6 97& 685 690
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 6 92% 7 17*4 6 87V4 6 97H
July 685 700 680 6 82Ms
September 6 i~% 6 97V4 6 82% 6 S2',a
ARTICLES. 111 1
Receipts. I Shlpm'ts
Flour, barrels
Wheat, hushelu
Corn, bushels
Oats, bushels
Rye, bushelr
Rarley. bushels
37.000 ¦ r.0.000
61.000 58,000
377.000 156.000
241.000 177,000
4.000 3.000
82.000 15.001}
C Time lime -Time * Time •
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» II "YV Li W H W • L W
T~... J:£« 4.9 11:13 0.5 6:33 4.41 11: IS 3.2
7... 6:OS 4.6 12:1<» 0.7 7:28 4.51
L. \V H W L. W II W
8 ... 0:J0 3.1 6:25 4.8 1:12 O.SI 1:11 4.«
9 ... 1:53 2.7 7:37 4.4 1:54 1.1 8:« 5.0
10 ... 2:41 2.2 S:4O 4.5 2:36 1.3 9:21! 5.3
,1 ... 3:22 1.8 9:32 4.5 3:14 1.5| 9:51! 5.2
12 ... 3:58! 1.4 10:20 4.6 3:«1 LSI 10:13 i 5.3
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. Pier.
City Pueblafvic * Pgt 9d. Apr. «. 10 am, Pier 9
Aloha ICrese-nt CltylApr. «. 3pm Pier 2
Lacuna ....]Tlllaraook |Apr. 6. XZ mlPter S
Santa Rosa. San Diego ,Apr. 7. U ampler U
China China AJapani Apr. 7. 1 pm,PMS3
Pt. Ar»na.. Point Arena.. Apr. 7. 2pm Pier 3
Curacao ...Mexico lApr. 7. I<> am [Pier 11
Coqullle Rv Grays HarborlApr. 7. 5 pm|
Columbia ..IPortland Apr. 8. li>am|Pier;»
Samoa IHumboldt Apr. 8. 10 am Pier IS
Arcata 'Coos Bay Apr. 8, 13 am ' Pier 13
Del None.. 'Oregon Ports. Apr. 8, 3 ampler 2)
City Sydney i Panama Apr. ». 12 nvPMSS
Coos Bay. .'Newport Apr. 9. 9am Pier It
North Fork'Humbrvldt Apr. 9. 9am Pier 3
Pomona ...IHumboldt Apr. 9. 2 pm:Pler »
Corona San Diego Apr. 11. 11 am|P!er 11
Umatilla ..'Vic & P*t Sd.lApr. 11. 10 am; Pier 9
Belgian Kg Chlna&Japan;Apr. 12 |
State of CaliPortland (Apr. 13. 10amiP1er24
Bonlta jXewport I Apr. 13. >am I Pier 11
Steamer. { : I . ] From.
I P«g-
Coquille River. '.Orays Harbor
Aloha iCrescent City
Norm Fork jHumfcoMt
Empire Coos Ray
Arcata Coos Ray
Pomona !San Diego
Mattea wan ]Tacoma
Progreso iTacoma
Uortc jChtna and Japan
City of Para Panama
Orizaba Newport
I mHt'.lla Victoria * T>uKet hoi
Belgian King... 'China ami Japan
Corona (San Dle K o
Crescent Clty-.-iCreocent City
Flat- of Cal....lHortlar.<l .
Bristol . v [Oyster Harbor
nonita i Newport
Washtenaw ....ITacoma
Queen Victoria & Puget So
Newbunc .Orays Harbnr
Point Arena IPnint Arena
Santa Kosa !San Diego
)Apr. «
[Apr. •
Apr. v
Apr. «
Apr. •
Apr. T
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
iundApr. 7
|Apr. t
[Apr. !»
Apr. 9
'Apr. l'>
[Apr. 10
!Apr. 11
I Apr. 11
>und 'Apr. 13
!Apr. II
jApr. 11
Apr. 13
Samoa IHumMdt
(Apr. 19
ColJimbla ! Portland
I Apr. 15
C Time lime -Time * Time •
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» II "YV Li W H W • L W
T~... J:£« 4.9 11:13 0.5 6:33 4.41 11: IS 3.2
7... 6:OS 4.6 12:1<» 0.7 7:28 4.51
L. \V H W L. W II W
8 ... 0:J0 3.1 6:25 4.8 1:12 O.SI 1:11 4.«
9 ... 1:53 2.7 7:37 4.4 1:54 1.1 8:« 5.0
10 ... 2:41 2.2 S:4O 4.5 2:36 1.3 9:21! 5.3
,1 ... 3:22 1.8 9:32 4.5 3:14 1.5| 9:51! 5.2
12 ... 3:58! 1.4 10:20 4.6 3:«1 LSI 10:13 i 5.3
AKTICI^ES. Open. nigh. Lrtw. IClose.
_*" I I i
Wheat Xo. 2—
April 66%
May Cl\ CS 66% 67
July 69 1 * C9>; CSV; 65%
September 63% C3*s CS% 63%
Corn Xo. 2— ! | 'I
April | 40Vi
May 41 "42 40^ 41
July 41% 4?%! 41% 41%
Septfmber 42% 43Vi 41% 42V*
C>ata Xo. 2— .
May 2.-«J 25%. 24% 25>i
July 23»i 25% 24% 25^
September 23Vi,. 2i% 23% 24
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 13 15 13 30 12 95 12 97V,
July 12 S2Vi 13 07& 12 £2*4 12 S2&
I^ard. 100 lbs—
May 670 6 77V4 6 67«* 670
July 6 73 6 80 6 75 6 80
September 685 6 97& 685 690
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 6 92% 7 17*4 6 87V4 6 97H
July 685 700 680 6 82Ms
September 6 i~% 6 97V4 6 82% 6 S2',a
ARTICLES. 111 1
Receipts. I Shlpm'ts
Flour, barrels
Wheat, hushelu
Corn, bushels
Oats, bushels
Rye, bushelr
Rarley. bushels
37.000 ¦ r.0.000
61.000 58,000
377.000 156.000
241.000 177,000
4.000 3.000
82.000 15.001}
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. Pier.
City Pueblafvic * Pgt 9d. Apr. «. 10 am, Pier 9
Aloha ICrese-nt CltylApr. «. 3pm Pier 2
Lacuna ....]Tlllaraook |Apr. 6. XZ mlPter S
Santa Rosa. San Diego ,Apr. 7. U ampler U
China China AJapani Apr. 7. 1 pm,PMS3
Pt. Ar»na.. Point Arena.. Apr. 7. 2pm Pier 3
Curacao ...Mexico lApr. 7. I<> am [Pier 11
Coqullle Rv Grays HarborlApr. 7. 5 pm|
Columbia ..IPortland Apr. 8. li>am|Pier;»
Samoa IHumboldt Apr. 8. 10 am Pier IS
Arcata 'Coos Bay Apr. 8, 13 am ' Pier 13
Del None.. 'Oregon Ports. Apr. 8, 3 ampler 2)
City Sydney i Panama Apr. ». 12 nvPMSS
Coos Bay. .'Newport Apr. 9. 9am Pier It
North Fork'Humbrvldt Apr. 9. 9am Pier 3
Pomona ...IHumboldt Apr. 9. 2 pm:Pler »
Corona San Diego Apr. 11. 11 am|P!er 11
Umatilla ..'Vic & P*t Sd.lApr. 11. 10 am; Pier 9
Belgian Kg Chlna&Japan;Apr. 12 |
State of CaliPortland (Apr. 13. 10amiP1er24
Bonlta jXewport I Apr. 13. >am I Pier 11
Steamer. { : I . ] From.
I P«g-
Coquille River. '.Orays Harbor
Aloha iCrescent City
Norm Fork jHumfcoMt
Empire Coos Ray
Arcata Coos Ray
Pomona !San Diego
Mattea wan ]Tacoma
Progreso iTacoma
Uortc jChtna and Japan
City of Para Panama
Orizaba Newport
I mHt'.lla Victoria * T>uKet hoi
Belgian King... 'China ami Japan
Corona (San Dle K o
Crescent Clty-.-iCreocent City
Flat- of Cal....lHortlar.<l .
Bristol . v [Oyster Harbor
nonita i Newport
Washtenaw ....ITacoma
Queen Victoria & Puget So
Newbunc .Orays Harbnr
Point Arena IPnint Arena
Santa Kosa !San Diego
)Apr. «
[Apr. •
Apr. v
Apr. «
Apr. •
Apr. T
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
iundApr. 7
|Apr. t
[Apr. !»
Apr. 9
'Apr. l'>
[Apr. 10
!Apr. 11
I Apr. 11
>und 'Apr. 13
!Apr. II
jApr. 11
Apr. 13
Samoa IHumMdt
(Apr. 19
ColJimbla ! Portland
I Apr. 15JAMES NEILL.
where the receipts are said to have ex^
ceeded that of any other organization that
ever appeared In the city for the same
length of time.
James Neill is regarded as the premier
of what Is called the present popular
stock company system in the West. In
18S3 he Instituted the Neill Company at
the Broadway Theater in Denver, Colo.,
and during his stay in that city had" many
actors and actresses in his supporting
company who have since grown into pop
ular favor, among them being T. Daniel
Frawley, Henrietta Grossman, Blanche
STANFORD NINE IN SHAPE.
Men Are Ready to Meet the Blue and
Gold on Berkeley Campus.
STANFORD, April s.— The hard work
of the baseball team Is at an end. From
now the men will rest until Saturday,
when they will m»et the lilue and Gold
on the Berkeley campus. The team has
been working hard all week and Is In fair
sliapo. and if they play the ball they are
capable of they should give Berkeley a
bard game. Lanagan has been laid up
with a sore arm all week and It seemed
for a while that he would be out of the
race. He was put in the box to-day and
did fairly well. He will at least start
the game Saturday.
The line-up will be as follows: Loug
heed. catcher; Edwards, third base;
Strohn, shortstop; Murphy, center field;
Havens, f.rft base; Simonds, right field;
Cawden, second base; Hampson, left
field: Lanagan, pitcher.
To-morrow the freshman track team
leaves for Re-no, Nev., where it will meet
the State University team. The team will
return Monday and is composed of the
following men: McCaughen, Lyons,
Smith. Hawley, Narramore, Nlkirk. Pol
lars. Parker, Urooke, Dole and Beach.
Jockey Rigby Suspended.
LONDON, April s.— At the Croxton
meeting Higby, the American jockey,
after winning the Blllesden selling welter
plate on Egbert, an American horse, waa
called before the stewards, charged with
disobedience of orders at the start and
Fuspended for the remainder of the meet-
Ing.
Foxhall Keane, the American gentle
man rider, rode twice at Croxton Park
to-day. He secured second place In the
Granby handicap; in which race the
horses were ridden by members of the
Croxton Park Club.
De Courcey Defeats Smith.
SA2* DIEGO, April s.— Billy de Courcey
High School Debate.
High school students aro all looking for
ward with interest to the debate to take
place to-morrow at th«* Girls' High School
between the Mission High School and the
Humboldt Evening High School. This
debat" is under tho auspices of the Debat
ing League of Northern California and is
to decide the championship of San Fran
cisco. The subject is. "Resolved. That
I'nitfd States Senators should be elected
by the people," Mission having the affirm
ative.
In the Divorce Court.
Julius F. Marxen has born granted a
divorce from Elizabeth Marxen on the
ground of desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by May
Elizabeth Dineen against Fred I-. Dinepn.
for failure to provide; Charle? Baesart
against Annie Bassart. for desertion;
Alice Gemballa against Gustave Gembal
la for failure to provide; Georgia D.
Tribe a?ain?t Santiago Uribe. for cruelty;
and John Dellatolas against Luisa Del
latolas, for cruelty.
Suit for Divorce
OAKLAND, April s.— Lorensa Sands ha<»
j filed suit for divorce from her hasband,
O. T. Sands, on the ground of desertion.
Death of J. W. Murdock.
OAKLAN'P. April 5.— J. W. Murdoek.
brother of formt-r Fire Warden CharU a
F. Murdock, died suddenly to-day at his
residence, 5*4 Thirty-fifth street. Tho
Coroner took charge of the body. De
ceased was 52 years old and unmarried.
Death of Miss Dolly F. Hassey.
ALAMEDA. April 5. — Mi?s Dollie
Frances Hassey died this morning of
pneumonia at her home. 21">fi Railroad avf
nu«. Deceased was .1 native of Alameda.
aged 22 years. She was a daughter nf
the late Frank A. Hassey and sister of
Stuart Hassey. armorer of Company G.
POTTS CASE ENDED
Special Dls>pntch to The L'aH.
WILLOWS. April s.— Thf> suit of Lady
vs. Potts, which has created a considera
ble Ptir in the community, came to an
abrupt close to-day. The case was
broupht against former Justice of the
Peace Potts to recover $147, claimed to be
due to Ludy from Potts for neclfct of
duty while actinp as Justice. In another
case, in which plaintiff lost the $147. thf>
plaintiff nlleses that Potts' newpence of
duty was the cause of his losing tho
money. The history of the case is very
unique in that it-has been in the hands of
every attorney in the county, besides a
few others, has gone through five Justice
courts and twice through the Superior
Court. To-day, at the close of the second
trial in the Superior Court. Judge Plrkey
refused to hear the argument or to give
any of the offered in-nrnetions. hut pre
pnred for and directed the jury to find a
verdict for the plaintiff.
The jury then retired, and after delib
erating for an hour returned with a ver
dict as directed. The action of the Judge
in this regard is said by attorneys here to
tin without precedent, as conflicting evi
dence was produced, and they declare the
Judge went beyond his authority. A
number of jurors said the verdict would
have been returned in favor of the de
fendant had It not been for the instruc
tions of the court.
Bryan in Oregon.
KT'GENE. Or., April s.— \V. J. Bn-an
ppoke for two hours to 3000 people to-day.
He left In the afternoon for Roseburg,
where he ppoke to-nipht.
OAKLAND. April s.— Two Oakland
boys who have fipured promlnentlj
In {some of the most dramatic inci
dents of the Philippine war hav<
..„».. _.^/l ?/-. ty,dr hnmi-s in this CitV.
WiUTE ASH STEAM COAL, SSfgF&iS
UUU'J.N.' COAL MINING CO. ml !t» QREEV
]:IVKK COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In th«
KArket OlAc« and Zards— CO Main stntb
PROMINENT RAILROAD
MEN NOW IN THE CITY
General Agents of the New York Cen
tral and Union Pacific
Arrive.
Three mon of large Influence in th* rail
r'uri world are at the Palace 11-'tcl. They
ar>- W. li. Jerome of Chicago, general
\\V?tern agent of the New York Central:
George H. Daniels, general passenger
ajrent of the same road, with head
quartem at New York, and K. L. I>omnx.
jrenora.l passensCT an r ' ticket a^ r ent of the
I'nion I'iiritir, with headquarters at
Omaha. Th«»se grontlemen say that they
&t* here merely on th^ir annual tours of
inspection eti the coast. E. A. Ford, gen
eral pafSTP-r agent for tho I'cnriHyl
vania HneK wpst of Pittsburg. will also be
i'.rr*- this w«-.-k. He is now In Los Anne-
Mr. I^aniels said in an interview that
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
M Davis, San Jose : Mr <t Mrs D Davis,
P J Goodman, Winters! Wiscnns-in
O T Knisely, Chgo [S Q Walton. Plttsburg
W Klemin, Cllgo J Foster & w, L Ang
W V Chamberlain, V'J II Catcher, Sacto
S A ;T H Watts, Sacto
Lieut A C Allen. USA H M Dean & w, Mich
E R Hutrhins. U S A Mr? W M Dean. Cal
O H Knox. US A L\lr & Mrs Sloßers. ChR
W }) Waasell, V S A !j HHbert. Eureka
L W Dillon, USA Dr S 13 Foster. Euieka
J S VogK. U S A | Mrs W Foran. Cal
J II Virkers Jr. U SAS H Dunn, Quebec
A M Edwards, U S A Miss M Dunn. Quebec
J I) Dnmeron. Stkton ;Mlss S Dunn, Quebec
T Th-'bprnth, Cols.itc jMlss Macfarlane, Queb
P Kilhurn, Cal ,Dr R W Kent. Sonora
Mrs (j Brown, Stkton F, W Ackerman, Cal
A de CordlviUe, Stkton H J Laushlin, S Inez
E Price. Chirago X R Smith & w. Mich
Mrs M G Cowing:. Cal IE C Crtller, Gr Valley
Miss L, C Oreon. Cal W M Leonard, Phila
Dr OL. Gregory, Cal W S Gregory. Jackson
V Pe'lley. Riverside I II Greene, Fresno
D Mci'heircn. S Cruz i.I C Steele. Cal
C M /.'ltler A w. Sic |M M ?t?ele. Cal
W N Munnw, Los Ans \V C Kam*eyer, Colo
C W PendletOß; L Ang E Richardson Cal
N Abrains. Hanfonl iF E Kirnald &w. Chg
Mrs J A Hushes. Cal U C B»?rue & w. N V
O H Weflring;. NY iF C Stanlfor.l, Cal
Mrs M Muxnford, KanjMr & Mrs Overacker,
Mrs D A Lutchnw, •¦ Autervllle
Kansas Hn J Craig, Cal
Mrs J 3 Dorland. Cal |J Flan.ißan, Mendocln
Mrs J C Z.-.iok. Gllroy jA Robinson, N Wales
Mrs M Puikain. Cal C liealp, U S A
J A O'Connor. Va E Rhine. Clayton
A MusU", Stockton iH Harrington, Cat
C, A Huell. Stockton J M Hall & w. R I
F D Duncan. Reno i E E White & w. R I
A Halfhill. Los An* ID Spaldlng. Los Ans
Mrs G Murray. VenturiH T Jenes, Spokane
J Walter, I'ittsburg I
PALACE HOTEL.
F J Tahl, Chlcatro , C R Stewart, Sn Diego
SAD I»uler. Portland |C S Robinson. Colo
Mr & Mrs Coleman. CaliC H Bigelow Aw.Mlnn
W Chape, Manila i Mlsa S E Crowell. Colo
S H Patton. USA [Miss M Cutler. Bf«ton
A Heltons. Byron Ppgs'M.as B Dickinson. NY
M H Isanc!. N V jMlss A C Spencer, N V
A L Levlnsky, StocktnjMlM S D Spencer. N V
F C Martin. Ilerentla C Oa!!en. Los Ans
U E Ayer, Portland A H White. Lr>s An? -
X O Gilbert, DC |A Watkins & w Cheo
E D Baker .% w. Yr*>kaiF C Davidson. Mont
H C Wallace, Tacoma ;K J Warner. Chicago
P Thompson. Chicago IS M White & w. N V
J M Ooldbersr, NTN T V Miss M Kearney. N V
J C Duffy. N V H Pußh & w, England
Mrs II Sherwood. N V Miss Wines, EnKlanfl
Miss Sherwood, N V |F H Towles, MUwauke
T Flint Jr & w. S Juan-W M IJbner & w.Alask
A G Glassen. S Diego M A Shaw <i w. Japan
W H Goucher, I^g Ang S Hel!«r & w. Phila
J X -Allen, London B M Stelnman, Sacto
Mrs H M Ross. L Ang F d Ho.bnrt, Wisconsin
Misses i'eck. Chicago U W Doane, Chlcaeo
J A McV^sker. Ls Angirt C Bo^ue & w. N V
NA B Butler. <^al jH A AHen. Phlcaeo
J S Tobin & w, BurlpmlL P Harris N V
A Patterson & w. Ca.l L H Lowenthal, N V
G H Daniels. NY B I Wheeler, Berkeley
W B Jerome. Chicago Misses Van Winkle.NY
J M Burch & w, lowa Miss Wilson. N V
E O Benjman A w, Cal \V L Stewart, StaPaula
r. H Germlman. NY G W Bishop, N V
H Lea, Stanford
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL
E H Beck &w, Phila W Kernan, Los Ang
A Elmsledt. San Jose A Bardlll. Monrovia
S Dellard. Vallejo ' J W Bardlll. Monrovia
G F Royce, NY A Sed'n. Los Ang
J P Smith, Vall»Jo J West, Sug Pine Mills
C Johnson. Vallejo C W Alexander iSi w,
C 'Williams, Fresno Redding
J PrHchard,' Frest-o G B Eastman, Fresno
C-V ¦ Peterson, Fresno J E Hall, Fresno
W MfDevitt. Seattle C Kaurtman. Mrj-»ville
J Phillips, Merced IS Nau. lowa
WILL OPEN AT
THE CALIFORNIA
AN event of Interest to theatergoers
w'll be the appearance of James
Neill and the Neill Company at the
California Theater next Monday
evening. This company has been par
ticularly successful In the presentation
of plays of the higher class. It has just
finished an engagement of seventy-two
consecutive performances in I^os Angeles,
Hangs Himself in a Barn.
OAKLAND. April s.— While despondent
from illness. Andrew Miller. 45 years old.
hanged himself in a barn at San Leandro
tri-night. His body was found by \V.
Huss, by whom he bad been employed.
Deceased was a painter and unmarried.
Several months ago he trird to commit
suicide at Piedmont Springs.
CHINESE ARE CROWDING
OUT THE WHITES
Strong Effort Being Made by Wily
Celestials to Pravent White
Men Becoming Guide 3.
An effort i.< being made on the part of
the Chint-^e to prevent white g-uldv.o from
doing business in Chinatown. A petition
was circulated lust night by the Mongo
lian guides among the Chinese in whoso
places of business the principal attrac
tions are located, to b;sr Caucasians in ftie
same occupation. The obji-ct of this is
to force sightseers to employ the almond
eyed sons if they wish to gain the real
pleasure of a trip through Little china, as
the latter class of directors will be the
only ones to have free access to nil points
of int. rest.
The occasion of all the dissension amotif?
the guides is the recent decision of the
Police Commissioner* to reduce the num
ber of licenses and to make their issuance
df-pendont upon the moral character of the
applicant. For the past few days Ser
peant of Police James T. Donovan has
been detailed in the Chinese quarter ascer
taining the habits of those who have ap
plied for the privilege of renewing their
licenses, and largely upon his report will
the limited number of guides for the ensu
ing year be appointed.
The Chinese Ruides flndinj? their num
bers curtailed, immediately suspected that
their white brothers were responsible for
this condition and the petition which was
circulated last night was the result of
their spite.
Bed Men May Build.
ALAMEDA April s.— Pawne* Tribe.
Improved Order of Red Men, have under
way a project to build a hall in some good
locality in Alameda. ju«>t where has not
been decided. A building corporation will
be organized among the members, which
number something over W. and stock
isaurd. The tribe will join the joint asso
ciation of the tribes of Red Men of Ala
meda County.
HIGH CLASS STAKE TO
BE RUN AT INGLESIDE
Excellent Pnrse to Be Contested for
at the Well-Knovrn Coursing
P.qrk.
An open s-tr.k" of high class will bo run
.•• at the Inifltside Coursing Park to
morrow and Sunday. Some of tho be.-t
dog? -<i the coast are entered and the
sport promfsep to be highly interesting.
The fir«t run down wiil be Inaugurated
to-morrow at 1 o'clock. <~> n Sunday the
«>j>*-n stake of th* preceding week will be
concluded. The prizt-s offered are: \\ in. :
ncr, Jl</>; runner-up. $••?>¦. next two. **>
*-ach; rK-xt four. 522 Tfl each; next eight.
$15 each: ar.d next sixteen, $7 each,
making a total of $5(5.
Th- following is the result of last
night'F drawing:
< .p. n ftak<\ Mxty-f"ur eTKrl^-Curtiff & Son's
<-nmnv-irr. ye. J. H. Perlgoe Controller: J.
Kurrs" Eleven .-:• t vs. H. A. Deckelman;B
Rorker; J. K. hmith's Magic vs. M. J:: Kelly. s
Ni£htt:ine; H. K. •'»• 15 l.'i"* A- S"n'e St. An
• vs. J. I. Thrill's Foreet; A. T. Ueon
- Matter Lawrence ' v*. .T. I. OBrlM'i
I'ijßhi Quf-n: A. Johr..«ton'p T-"i Hoan vs. J.
Ii \V iiull^r's Moecai-fta ; li. A. Deekelman'6
ri>n» : ay \>. It. J. Ilealyp Magpi- X; St?rl
« ' Kno»1«' Ol^ta vs. nart^lF Bros.' Mac's
ii<M <v: W. Collins' Imj^rial vs. Jam-s
nv^'f Ciolden Kule; D. Tolan-i'* Pleasant
«;ir; v*. J. Ptill»*-U« Rcmeralda: BartrtJ Bros.:
fUrcn Itlo'Kl ye. H. Lynch* lxitti* M; T. J.
MfHurti s Mai4 of th" Mill vs. Connelt Broa/
-• ;?'''-n .1. I. Of Brian's Wandering Tom vp.
N H Phepwd's F.xil*: Jam*s cTShoa's Yr, ur ,<j
America vs. It. K. <le B. U>pex*p f,rnen Vhllp>-
Miid: .1 R. Fmlth's Victor v*. !">. J. Hcaly?
Lady Clare: P. H*>llly> Ijidy r.ranit* v». E.
J! Kellorg's Lady Giim"r»: Russell. Al!»n &-
Wilson** MlSi C*b!e n. E. M. KHloitk'f Hum
n»*"r: P. HorE&n'a Manila vf. Harridan & Wei
tai,.',> Overtur*; V. Redly** EiLi*tif> vs. I>.
J. Healy'F Granada; F. McComb's Motto vs.
¦¦ il nr^«.' Mamrr.le Peasant: Curti* <*¦
> ft'« Cafh vf Hum"'!!. Allen 4: Wilson'? Miss
IVnrr-an; I». K. Wii-y'* Hifh Born Lady vs.
T. Tl«>rney> I>a Hfw: O^orjr* Whitney's
Th»Tna vs. D. fhsnr.-.n'f P»f^ 'JuarJ: H. H.
«;-.>'* Ron* vs. V. McCnrnb'B Brr.a Fide; J.
Btillireir* F>rn vs. H. H. tir<-y's Tfrronett-:
« '. P. «"l:ari*-*wr-rth'[> Crawford Hrac-s vp. H.
Lynch* Lx-xini?Tf>n: J. R. Smith's F^tmniu?
vb. Curtis A: £ ny MrKlnley: BartPls Brof.'
Ik-er Brewer vs. n. SI. KeMnffs's lowa Boy:
J. Mrx->ney'!> Flient Tr^sure v*. H. A. IVck
(lnan'f Lawrence: P. Hawkins' Lucr^tia Bir
rla vf. J. Durr.F' Olympus: P. Brophy's Bcn<»
«la vs. Kay Bros." Dudley ntaraond.
th"re is nothing significant In his visit to
San Francisco at this time. His road is
pitting more business from the coast
every year and Is reaching out for more.
He knew nothing of the rumors that it
Is seeking for a coast terminal.
INJURED IN A MINE.
Superintendent Holmes Badly Hurt
by Falling Rock.
ANGELS CAMP, April s.—Superintend
ent Holmes of the Jones mine, near this
place, was caught in a cave-in in that
mine yesterday morning. He is reported
to be badly injured. Holmen and Fore
man Burke entered the mine before the
men went to work to sample the rock
on the 200-foot level. They went beyond
the last set of timbers. The rock began
to fall and the men started to go out.
A large quantity of rock fell at this time,
missing Burke and catching Holmes, cov
ering him completely with the exception
of his head.
Burke secured assistance and, after
strenuous efforts relieved Holmes from his
dangerous position, and none too soon, for
the men had hardly started to leave that
portion of the mine when twenty-five tons
of rock fell where the miners had been
working a few minutes before.
METHODISTS IN SESSION.
SANTA ROSA. April J.— The meeting
of the district conference of the Metho
dist Episcopal Church South, which
opened in this city to-day, was largely
attended by ministers and delegates.
Presiding Bishop W. M. Duncan de.liv
ered a sermon this morning. The Rev.
W!il Acton of Lakeport was elected sec
retary of the conference, and committees
were appointed.
This afternoon Miss Nellie Stoy of Oak
land presided at the missionary confer
ence, and reports were presented. To
night a mass-meeting In the interest of
the Sunday schools was held. The con
ference will last several days. Presiding
KMer Reddick urged upon the conference
the necessity of upholding the Pacific
Methodist College.
Prohibitionist Nominees.
BOISE. Idaho. April s.— The State Pro
hibltion convention hold hero to-day norn
mated a full State ticket and chose dele
gates to the national convention. Th
ticket is headed by Rev. W. J. Boone o
Caldwell for Governor and Miss Amand.
Way of Boise for Representative In Con
gress.
Dr. Brownell Ill.
Special DlfDatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. April s.— Mr. and Mrs.
W. W. Brownell left for the East yester
day on receipt of a telegram announc
ing the serious illness of their son. Dr.
Erie Brownell; in Johns Hopkins Hospital,
Baltimore.
Constable Killed.
SALT LAKE, April 5.— A special to the
Deseret News from Vernal, tTtah, says:
Constable James McKnight, formerly of
Salt Lake, was shot and killed last night
at Browns Park. Just over the Colorado
line, by Will Harris.
HOUSE CAUCUS ON THE
PORTO RICAN BILL
Agree That the Shortest Route to a
Termination Is to Concur in the
Senate Amendments.
WASHINGTON. April s.— The Republi
cans of the House in caucus to-night de
cided to take the shortest possible route
to a termination of the Porto Rican tariff
problem by concurring in all the Senate
amendments and sending the bill directly
to the President. There was a feeble pro
test from Cooper of Wisconsin, chair
man of the Insular Committee, and
Moody of Massachusetts, who favored
standing out against some of the feat
ures of the civil government scheme at
tached to the bill by the Senate. They
objected especially to the Senate provision
making all the members of the upper
council of the Porto Rican Legislature ap
pointees of the President and clothing
them with the power to grant franchises,
but tho sentiment of the caucus was over
whelmingly against them. None of the
Republicans who voted against the origi
nal House bill were present at the caucus
to-night. As soon as the Republicans ab
sent from Washington can be summoned
here, as early as Monday if possible, the
matter will be brought before the House
under a special rule.
Previous to the caucus the seven Re
publicans who opposed the original bili
(McCail of Massachusetts, Littlefleld of
Maine. Lorimer of Illinois. Crumpacker of
Indiana, Heatwole of Minnesota. Lane of
lowa and Warner of Illinois), held a con
ference and decided not to recede from
their former position. Consequently.
they considered it useless to attend tho
conference to-night.
QUEEN SPENDS A
QUIET DAY IN DUBLIN
Under Her Orders a Regiment of
Irish Foot Guards Will Be
Organized.
DUBLIN. April 6.— Queen Victoria's
first day of residence in Dublin passed
quite uneventfully. Such scenes as there
were might well have occurred In Lon
don.
The army orders yesterday contained
the following: "The Queen having deem
ed it desirable to commemorate the brav
ery shown by the Irish regiments in the
recent operations in South Africa has
been graciously pleased to command that
an Irish regiment of foot guards be form
ed under th<- designation of Irish Guards."
Neither the Freeman's Journal, the In
dependent nor the Irish Times comments
upon It this morning, hut the Express
says "it is a great and kindly compliment
to Ireland." und suggests that the guards
should be chiefly composed of the rem
nants of thf> Irish regiments which have
fought so valiantly in South Africa.
When the Queen went out driving this
afternoon without escort, carriages and
cabs and cars persisted in following li<t
and the policemen! after a few futile ef
forts, allowed this unusual procedure.
LEGISLATORS ACCUSED.
Massachusetts Normal School Girls
Say Committeemen Acted in an
Improper Manner.
Ppprlal Plppatrh tn The Call.
BOSTON, April 5.— A lively scandal has
just transpired at the Brldgewater State
Normal School for girls. Two young wo
men have written a letter to Boston news
papers to complain that recently while
the legislative committee on education,
in the absence of the superintendent, was
inspecting the institution at 9:30 in the
evening, two of" the younger members of
the committee wrnt outside the strict pro
prieties in songs and deportment.
The names of the men were not given by
the complainants. The other members of
the committee admit tlr» misdeeds of the
two, but characterize them us a mere
foolish "indiscretion" not to be considered
seriously.
Every effort is being mane to hush up
the matter, but it is expected tiiat the
Legislature will be asked to investigate
the occurrence.
SHOT DURING A QUARREL.
John W. Smith Probably Fatally-
Injured by Thomas Hind.
Special Dispatch to Thr> Call.
LOMPOC. April s.— The second stage
from Santa Barbara last night brought in
John \V. Smith, who had been shot in the
neck by Thomas Hind. Smith was partly
under the influence of liquor when shot
and Is paralyzed from the wound. He is
unconscious and chances are greatly
against his recovery. Smith boarded the
stage at Gaviota and Hind at San JuHan
Ranch. Smith fell from the stage during
the trip and claimed Hind pushed him off,
but the driver says this Is not so. They
had some words over this, which resulted
in the shooting.
Tibbets Will Broken.
SANTA CRUZ, April ;..— The jury this
afternoon decided that Mrs. Clara L. Tib
bets was under undue influence when she
made a will bequeathing Chicago prop
erty valued at $10,000 to her mother, Mrs.
S. A. Dyer. Tibbets, who is 70 years old,
g*ve the property to his wife when on
their bridal tour two years ago. with the
understanding, according to his testi
mony, that she was to give it back to
him. When they returned to Santa Cruz,
domestic trouble arose and Mrs. Tibbeta
was taken ill. In her will she left the
property to her mother, leaving her hus
band $100.
Freight Train Wrecked.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, April s.— The Owl train, north
bound, arrived four hours late this morn-
Ing, the cause being an accident which oc
curred at Pampa, fourteen miles south of
Bakersneld. A freight train was derailed
and several of the cars ditched, necessi
tating the construction of a temporary
track around the wreck before traiflc
could be resumed. This caused the delay
of the Owl. So far as known, no one was
injured.
of this city and Seward Smith of Los
Angeles, feat her- weightsj met at thelSan
Diego Athletic Club this evening, and l><
Courccy knocked Smith out in the sixtn
round.
Noel Knocked Out.
CHICAGO. April s.— Benny Yanger, the
"Tipton Slasher," knocked out Frankie
Noel of St. Ixiuts to-night in the second
round of what was to have been ajsix
round contest. Noel made a plucky figlit.
but was completely outclassed and was
badly punished before he finally received
his quietus, being sent to the fioor eight
times in the deciding round.
Rates. ITarry Corson Clarke. Madge Cook.
John D. Jiulier. Harry Hampton and
Phyllis Rankin.
"A Bachelor's Romance." which will be
the first play presented at the California
Theater by Mr. Neill and his company
the coming week, was Sol Smith Russell's
greatest comedy success and is from the
pen of Miss Martha Morton. Mr. Neill
holcls the exclusive rights for the pre
sentation of this fine play in the West.
The scenes in "A Bachelor's Romance J
are lai-J in Xew York and in New Eng
land. Lavish scenic mountings are shown
in all of his productions. Other members
In the Neill Company are: Miss Euyihe
Chapman. Grace Mac Lamkin, Julia
Dean. Lillian Andrews, Benjamin How
ard. Clifford Dempsey, Robert Morris,
Frank Me Vicars, George Bloomquist, tin
men Sbarkleford, John W. Burton, Jo
seph Hodgeman and others.
BERNARD MOSES
RETURNS FROM
THE CAPITAL
Work of Philippine Commis
sion Outlined and Organ
ization Completed.
BERKELEY, April s.— Wofessor Ber
nard Moses of the University of Califor
nia, who was recently appointed to the
Philippine Commission, returned home
late last evening from Washington.! He
expressed himaelf as pleased with the ap
pointment und tho association with his
eminent colleagues. Professor Moses had
numerous official conferences with Presi
dent Mclvinley, whom he highly praises.
The policy of the administration regard
ing- the Philippines was dlsoussed ana the
work of the commission outlined. Pror'es
sor Moses said President McKinley was
anxious that a California man be elected
to the commission, as the State's future
prosperity will undoubtedly be influenced
by the Philippines. He would not discuss
the probable solution of the Philippine
question and would offer no suggestion as
to the policy to be followed.
"My instructions have not yet reached
me," said Professor Moses, "and it would
not be proper fur me to nay anything re
garding the commission's work. 1 had
numerous conferences with I'resident Mc-
Klnley and received instructions as to the
policy of the administration regarding the
handling of the Island question, but as
the conditions may be entirely opposite
two months hence from what they are
now nothing definite can be determined.
"The members of the commission met
and formally organized, Judgf Taft being
made its president: We did nothing but
complete the organization; that we may
be able to begin work immediately upon
our arrival in Manila. On tho 15th of this
month all the members will have arrived
ar.d th^n we will he ready to start for tho
islands. A month later we can begin
work. I suppose it will be part of our
scheme to look over the islands thor
oughly, consult with the most influential
men, receive final instructions from Pres
ident McKinley and then make our report
to the Government. What length of time
it will take I cannot, even speculate upon.
President McKinley by authority of his
military office hi'.s the entire Philippine
matter in his hands. I can say very 1 it
tl<? tit this time, as 1 know very little", and
developments must make themselves.'."
The Academic Council of the University
will tender a farewell banquet to Profes
sor Moses at the Palace Hotel in San
Francisco next week on the eve of his de
parture. The entire commission will be
tho guests of honor at a banquet given by
the Yale Alumni Association during their
stay in San Frnncinco.
HARRY F. HUBER, USA.
little expected to ever see my home again,
ami it was only through the .bravery,
skill and determination of Colonel Hare
and his men that any of us came out
alive."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Ills Broadway, April 5.
BERKELEY Is the center of atten
tion from the liquor men and the
temperance forces of California.
The battle opened by the saloon
men against the prohibitory ordinance
has reached the Supreme Court of the
State, and both sides are awaiting with
interest the result of the biggest legal
struggle which has been made in the
Special counsel have been employed on
each side, and not only has there been a
direct attack upon the ordinance, but in
directly through an effort to have the Jus
tice Court of Uerkeley declared Illegal.
Th/> Supreme Court has taken a most
unusual course in the case which is now
before it. by ordering the attorneys to file
theii several briefs within twenty-five
days The customary tim<- has been seven
ty-live days. This, ls taken to mean that
the court has recognized the importance of
the issues involved. The law firm of Chap
man & Clift of thia city has the saloon
men's side, while Kox. Kellogg & Gray
are specially employed by the tomperanco
people.
The fight grows out of the action of the
temperance forces, represented by the
State Anti-Saloon League, centering at
Berkeley in a campaign to close the sa
loons. When they advanced the proposi
tion to the Berkeley Trustees they were
met by the fact that StvAi a year was de
rived from licenses from the saloons, and
that the town treasury would suffer that
loss if the ordinance were passed. Headed
by James 1* Harker and A. \V. Naylor,
the temperance people then made the
unique proposition that they would guar
antee payment into the town treasury of
the. revenue thus cut off if a prohibitory
ordinance should be passed. After a long
struggle the Town Trustees accepted the
offer. The ordinance closing saloons was
passed, going into effect last October.
The temperance people throughout the
State became interested in the fight, and
in the language of Mr. Naylor 'subscrip
tions poured in from every hamlet" to
fwell the fund. Th»-y have paid in to dat*
$r<"o. and the third quarter payment of
$450. due April 10, Is ready.
The twenty or more nalonn-kc^pers in
the. town we're not idle. They organized,
and backed by larger interests war was at
once opened on the ordinance. Most of
the saloon men did not close their places.
The result was that twenty odd were ar
rested and either convicted or pleaded
guilty in Justice Robert Edgar's court at
Berkeley, established under warrant of
special act of the last regular session of
the Legislature. One ca«e, that of George
Fedderwitz, was taken for the legal con
test to follow. From his conviction an
appeal was taken to the Superior Court,
the plant. $103,000 for operating expenses
and $€3,(¥W (<>r taxes. Their receipts for
water rates from San I^andro, Kmery
viiip a portion of Berkley and along the
SamLeandro road will amount to about
$38,009. The company claims to be entitled
to air of these operating expenses, taxes
and additions^ minus the amount received
from tiieso. towns, and 7 per cent upon
tlxir valuation, which they hold will
amount to $763,000. and this sum must
come from the city of Oakland. The
statement of the complaint upon this
That tho plaintiff !s t-ntitlfd tn have Its rates
for supplying freth water to the city of Oak
land ami its Inhabitant" M Used that It may
jv-ofive th«T>frum v r«*asoiiabl<> anil just com
pensation for the service rendered and that
If p.i fixid its aggregate annual Income from
such rate* would \>c sufficient^ with th-» other
income derived by it. t'> i>ay for necessary nrl
dltlous t" ltrf plain, its operating find other
expenses, th i- Lax«*« upon Its property^ ami to
pay to it at least 7 i>or cent upon the value of
Its ri&m, uk". lliat t*> this ond it was and [a
entitl'-d to fcav«r Its ratep for the year cim
mencint; July 1, iW. and tndinp June 3f>. ISK.'I,
f-'i fixed that its gross Income fnr water .sup
plied to said city and th-? Inhabitants thereof
durtr.s said year will amount to at leubt
1763.000.
Having assorted that they were entitled
to these amounts the company shows the
!is-ur« l s of the year ju?t past as follows:
Receipts from water rates, $:Ci",'.'43 62; from
other sources. $339 CO. Total. $3>.2x3 12.
Disbursements were: Operating expenses,
590.559 H2: interest. $117.!':<>>: dividends, J9S,
<,'. r i2: construction. $52.1i0 J9; taxes. $£{,-
W167. Total, J422/J97 76.
Flaring disposed of figures the complaint
says that the now ordinance is void und
of no eflVct in that it was passed without
giving the Contra Costa Water Company
an opportunity to protest or give any tes
timony. The ordinance, they say. w\is In
troduced March , r >, and was finally passed
March 24. and that the latter date was the
first opportunity at which the company
could be heard and that at that time no
opportunity was given them to introduce
any evidence as to the valuation of iho
plant. Th<r rates were fixed arbitrarily
and "the rate« fixed are grossly unjust,
unreasonable and oppressive." The com
plaint claims that the new rates will not
yield more than $195,000 a year when they
are entitled to $763,000, plus their operating
expensr-s. etc. It is also claimed that th*
Council threatens to forfeit their fran
chise.
The company concludes by asking that
the new rates be declared null and void
and that a mandatory injunction be is
sued requiring the City Council to fix
water rates for the city of Oakland in
accordance with the principles srt forth
above; that all defendants be enjoined
from putting thep«\ rates into force or
from taking any steps toward the for
feiture of its franchise, and that all rights
of the company bo quieted.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call.
ill* Broadway. April 5.
t^pHE Contra Costa Water Company
thie afternoon filed the predicted
suit to h:tv* the recently adopted
water rate ordinance declared null
end void, and with th«> filing of this suit
b«c;ns water litigation that will affect the
cr.rire Slat.-. Th.- whole auction of the
rights of municipal bodies to fix water
rntes. ;ho ha vis \;;><>ti which this should be
(¦Hi' 1 . th»» valuation of water plants, rates
of intf-rt-tat to b«» allowed, the right of
ronipanJep to dividends and ih-> inflation
of «t'.rk accounts, will all enter into the
trial of ihis suit. Points of law that have
never !••• n rais^.i before will come up for
< onsidcratlon; and the case will b^oome
on< of the most important in the State.
Up to the present time there has been
v. ry little litigation o\>r water rates in
tb< State, It has been th«> policy of both 1
corporations and municipalities to avoid
litipation which might be long, trouble-
Kirae and expensive. H;n the action of
the Oakland City Council in making a
h"r:zont;,i reduction of 2.*> per cent in the
v.-ater rates 'his year h.is forced a suit
!h:u will test nearly every phase of »h«*
The Miit was filed this afternoon by
William J. Ijinpeo. the largest stock
holder of the Contra <"o?ta Water Com
pany, in person. It ;? brought against the
city of Oakland. City Council of Oakland
iinii each member of the Council by name,
isr.d it is eismed by Page, McCutchen;
Harding & Kr.ight and A. A. Moore as
st:om«*yi. Mr. l>ingee did not make any
?::niin<;r.s to-day, but will have them is
t-v.t-i and s,rv. .1 to-morrow.
Th«» complaint i^ particularly interest
ing, as it gives in concise foim exactly
vhnt the Contra Coeta Water Company
ronsiders its plant to be worth, thn in
•'onit- from all Kources. and sets forth fx
pcUy what the company claims under the
law Th<- complaint begins by stating
that the company hn? purrhnscd water
rights, property, built reservoirs, pipe
I-: .t- a:i.i pumping ;>!nnts. the value of
which i xc-eds X.500,000. This is fixed as
the valuation upon which it claims >nt»r
*«=t at ih«" rate of 7 p^r cent, in addition
to :3xvs, operating expenses and better
nients. This r-urn is the total bond and
etock valuation of the company as it n«w
Ftandf of which 13509.000 la in bonds and
j.-, '.»,...«•, in st/ick. In th^se sums are in
rti:«Jed the Ft<vk ard bntids issued for the
urchaTC of the Oaklsui.l Water Company,
which constitute less than half of the on-
The conipiain* then «etp forth that the
company will be entitled to S7S.<VV) for the
coming year for necessary additions to
and Judge Hall sustained the validity of
both court and ordinance.
To reach the Supreme Court Fedderwitz
went to Jail and then sued out a writ of
habeas corpus. Now all of the legal points
are about ready for submission. The de
fense has filed its first brief, and that of
the temperance people will be filed in a
day or so. The last brief is due five days
afterward. The saloon-keepers' first mov*
is against the court, as they contend that
if the Herkfley Justice Court shall be de
clared illegal they cannot be convicted
until a Legislature makes ano'her attempt
to establish one. This situation art-tea
from a section of the town charter which
provides that all prosecutions of viola
tions of town ordinances shall be heard
in the Justice Court of the town of
Uerkeley. '; he lawyers claim that such a
!*mit.'«tion bars the Oaklrind Township
Justice Court from having Jurisdiction,
although Berkeley i:» in the township.
The attack upon the ordinance itself Ia
made upon the flat argument that it is
unconstitutional deprivation of right-".
Without a court under the existing con
ditions the temperance people assert that
the saloonmen could operate their busi
ness at their own swe<-t will, ordinance
or no ordinance, for there would he no
power to punish them for Infractions of
the prohibitory law.
The saloon men have been chafing un
der the restraint of the ordinance which
has thrown them out of business. On the
other hand the State forces of the Anti-
Salnr-n League have united in the fight
at P.erkeley as an initiatory move. They
are now waiting for the Supreme Court's
derision.
The ordinance which is in force at
Berkeley is almost an exact copy of the
Pasadena prohibition law. It exempts
from its provisions all licensed druggist*
and pharmacists. One technical featur«
of the saloon men's brief is a point made
that the complaint aarainst Fedderwltz ta
defective In that it failed to state that
he was not a licensed druggist.
Incidental to these phases of the con
test $375" Imposed a* fines of convicted
saloon men is Involved. The amount rep
resenting the total of fines which Judge
Edgar ordered c">nvlet«»d saloonmen to
pay. Fedderwitz was fined $C"A For sev
eral years the saloonkeeper had matters
much their own way In Berkeley, because
the Justice Courts were found twice to
have been illegally authorized. To meet
the objections which were "then success
fully raised by the ?alor>nmen their oppo
nents secured the passage of special acts,
"tt'hilf* the Alameda County Superior
Court has several times sustained th*
legality of the Justice Court ' this is the
first time since Its reorganization that the
Supreme Court has been called uonn to
pass upon the lesal status of the college
town's Justice. The prohibitory ordinance
now goes in its present form to the high
est court In the State, although that court
has already declared the Pasadara ordin
ance valid, and this was the model for
Berkeley's law.
Frederick K. Perkins, assistant pay
master, XT. S. N., and son of United States
Senator Perkins, who was with the party
commanded by Lieutenant Gillmore of {he
Yorktown when that officer was captured,
ws»s released from quarantine late last
night and left the transport Sheridan. He
was very ill when he left Manila and
fears for his recovery were entertained,
but the sea voyage proved very beneficial
and to-day Paymaster Perkins reported
for duty at Mare Island.
There was a joyous homp-oominjr at the
residence of Charles O. Huber, 673 Thirty
third street, to-night when his son. Harry
F. Huber, who was a captive of the Fili
pinos for eleven months, was released
from the transport Sheridan and was wel
comed home by mother, father and sis
ters. The young hospital corps private
looked little the worse for the terrible
hardships he had endured. For hours this
evening he told and retold the story of
his capture and experiences.
There was an interesting coincidence In
the return home of Perkins and Huber.
"While the Senator's son had seen the
boat from the Vorktown with Lieutenant
Gillmore disappear, the other Oaklander
was ono of the captured Americans who
fp|l in with the Glllmore party after they
had all been abandoned by the pursued
Filipinos.
"Glad to he lmmc," is all I can say
now," declared young Huber to-night. "I
LEGAL CONTEST OVER
WATER RATES BEGINS
Contra Costa Water Company Sues the
City to Nullify the New Ordinance.
Important Litigation Which V/ill Interest the
Whole State Begun Over the Acts of the
Oakland City Council.
TWO YOUNG HEROES BACK
FROM THE PHILIPPINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL (>, 1000.
FIGHT TO KILL THE
PROHIBITION MOVEMENT
Temperance and Liquor Forces' Battle Which
Has Become of State Magnitude.
Supreme Court Has Been Called Upon to De
cide the Question of Validity of Berke
ley's Anti-Saloon Ordinance.
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mail a I
on Application.
COAU COKB AND Pia IHOM.
f f tL II CAW J. rt\ «» Uattery Street.
COPPERSMITH.
J->KPH FOX. hunt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
CVk' CMJTH Shl * Plumbln*. Steamboat
-Tf-O.!IlIU. and Ship Work » Eptcialty. II
t: ¦- It Wkfcb.cxtcn *t. Telephone Ualo CSU.
FPESH AND SALT MEATS.
«!A> MMLia L'J -, C!ey T? i Matn 1294
PA.PP.R DEALERS.
VTI I AMFTTF r ' UL<p AND paper co..
fkIMINJ.
I f HITrHFs piwntek.
hTAT:ONE« AND PRINTER
OF APRIL 8 WILL CONTAIN THE FOLLOWING
EXCEEDINGLY INTERESTING ARTICLES : : : : :
P 1 "LEA." I
Tfifi Beginning of preat Fiction Story by IWfl
1 * "• MARCEL PREVOST.
! Rights - — - News-
; and "SENATOR NORTH." boys
DutieS • The Latest Novel of Ifoyg
ftf GERTRUDE '
w . ATHERTON y
WIVeS Reviewed by B. G. Lathrop. '"7
and Swell
Hfichatifk Prince Cupid Tells Rfnnpr
nusoaiHb Why He Has Left Hawaii Dinner,
stenographic Forever. Take aboxat
report of dis' the opera and
cussions by . r|DC CftD „. Dv tell the Sunday
"Jenny Jtm=" ROW TO CARE FOR BABY. Call readers all
1 Croly, Mr 3. Al* Illustrated. about it
mon Hensley.
Judge Chas. A.
1 TruaxandPrc General Wood
fessor Franklin the Cuba oF To-Day
Giddings.
EASTER PREPARATIONS.
Full' Page Drawing by
N. Gertrude Clark.
What Edward F.Searles
Has Done for Art.
, THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
9
FREDERICK K. PERKINS. U.S.N.HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^mjSRATTRiEAiDiFrr^H^
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
$4S and found, laborers for quart! mine, you
don't want any experience, special R. K.
rate $48 and found
16 miners, single and double, also machine.
$90 and $75 per month; also drillers, $60; fur-
nace laborers for a mine '....$42 and found
15 muckers for a gold mine *<3
12 laborers for a sawmill company.. s3o and fd
6 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb.. sl7 fd
Xi men or strong boys for hop fields $30
47 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
$26, $25, $20 and found
15 choremen and b0y5.... 525, $20, $15. $10 found
3 gardeners, private, see bosses here
$30, $25 and found
39 milkers and butter makers $30, $25 found
49 scraper teamsters, city and country"l 27 fd
12 teamsters, city Jobs $1 75 day, $26 found
6 coal buckers, country J0b..... 160
23 laborers, different city J0b5... 530. $2« found
365 woodchoppers, tlemakers, big prices
6 blacksmiths and helpers.. s2 50 day, $30 found
Band sawyer, $4 day: carriage trimmer, $3
day; woodworkers, wagon makers, carriage
makers; 4 tailors, different country Jobs
Carpenter for a ranch, fare 25c $30 found
364 Jobs not advertised; come and see
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
47 cooks; come and see, $55, $60, $50. $40, $35.
$30, $25, $20 found, for hotels, cafes, restau-
rants, mines, ranches, etc.; 6 laundrymen,
good Jobs: 37 waiters and dishwashers, $30,
$25, $20, $15 found; bookkeeper for a mine.. $50
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
A— LOOK HERE FOR $150 EACH
No other expenses, we will pass.jou and 50
mtn as laborers (no experience required);
you'll suit; for new work; wages $26 per
month and found; steady Job. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/5....104 GEARY ST.
100 Teamsters, laborers and rockmen, $1 75
and $2 a day, for railroad work; free fare
20 miners, $2 50 a day; 2 machine men, $3 a
day; furnace man. $2 50 a day; 2 black powder
men, $2 50 a day; 10 farmers. $26 and $25: 3
milkers, $3) and $25; 20 laborers for woods.
$20 to $35 and found; 10 tlemakers: 20 wood-
choppers
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fry cook, $60; broiler, $55; broiler, hotel, $40:
baker, country, $40; ranch cook, $20; 6 wait-
ers, $40, $35 and $30; 10 dishwashers, vegetable
man and kitchen hands, hotels and restau-
rants, city and country, $20, $25 and $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
ASSISTANT clerk wno speaks German for our
office. $25 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary Bt.
ERRAND boy who can answer telephone for
our office. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
NURSE for an institution, country, $30 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
PANTRYMAN, $25, and dishwasher. $25, for
mine boarding-house; see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — 2 laundrymen for country, $40; but-
termaker, $40; 15 milkers. $25, $2S. $30 and $35;
3 farmers and wives, $40. $45 to $50; Jobbing
blacksmith and woodworker. $40 and found;
machinist; 8 single-hand miners, $2 50 day; 2
Burlelgh drill miners, $3 day; farmers, woods-
men, woodchoppers and laborers of all kinds;
boy for planing mill, $4 week, and many
others. J. F. CRO6ETT Agency, 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Chief cook. German, $70; broiler, $55;
hotel cook, $30; second cook, $40; waiters. $35,
$9, $7. $5; dishwashers, $20, $15, $10. city and
country; candymaker, 13 di.y; porter, $5 week;
other restaurant and hotel help. J. F. CRO-
SETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st
MAN to work on ranch, $20; good place; apply
early. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class: special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay st
COMPETENT bookkeeper who understands
typewriting and shorthand; must be a good
penman and accurate at figures. Address P.
O. box 2280.
WANTED— An experienced icecream and water
ice maker. GRUENHAGEN BROS.. 20
Kearny et.
WANTED — A first-class tailor for ladles'
suits; state age, experience, reference, salary. 1
Apply box 3025, Call office.
WANT a first-class furniture salesman for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market st. room 7,
between 2 and 3 p. m.
WANTED — A domestic dry goods salesman.
Apply 523 Market st. room 7, between 2 and
3 *>. m.
2 BARBERS for Saturday; one steady. 797
MUalon st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 83 Third
street.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. S3S
Valencia st.
BARBER for Friday and Saturday. 623 Clar
street.
BARBER for Saturday. 505 Fourteenth st,
corner Washington, Oakland.
GOOD barber wanted at 391 Sixth st. Saturday
and Sunday; $4.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
IPS Fourth at. ,
CASHBOY wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO..
71S Market st.
PREKPER or bushelman at the California
Clothing Renovatory, 116 Geary at.
WANTED— A fireman and blacksmith for
Alaska. Apply at HERMAN'S, 23 Steuart st.
W GOOD hustlers wanted at. 1640 Mission st,
upstairs: reference.
BOYS from 13 years of age up wanted. Apply
at 607 Market st.
WANTED— A good steady bread baker. Box
3020, Call.
10 MEN for tannery; at once; outside. Room
203, 527 Market st.
GOOD strong cut-oft" sawyer. Apply California
Barrel Factory. 22d and Illinois sts.. Potrero.
WANTED — Cake baker: must know ornament-
Ing; steady, sober man only. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED — An experienced milk can washer.
1498 Devlsadero St.
WANTED— A pood dishwasher at 8 Jackson st.
COOK for boarding-house. Corner Bay and
Webster sts.
DISHWASHER wanted at 369 Hayes st
WANTED— Strong, experienced male attendant;
mental care; wages $30. 1822 O'Farrell, a. m.
WANTED — ExDert bookkeeper: references and
bond required. Apply box 3027. Call office.
WAITER, young man; $6 per week; restaurant
206 McAllister st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 1416 Howard st.
COMPLETE barber's outfit for sale; 2 chairs,
etc. ; price $50. Apply at 1324 Stockton st.
GREAT bargain; given away; 4-chalr barber
shop if sold this week. Box 3021. Call.
EXPERIENCED manager for medlum-alzed
printing office; must be competent proof-
reader; permanent position to good live man.
Address, with references, stating ability and
salary. A. 8., box 3316. Call office.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m.. CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor.
721 Market st
SALESMAN who understands stationery; state
references. Address box 3003. Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d ats.
WANTED— Young butcher. US Seventh st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady Job. Box
3010, Call. .
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. 8. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than S feet
4 Inches and not over 8 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read,' write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
OTfice, 4C Ellis st. San Francisco, Cal.. or
WO X ct.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Young man with small capital;
light, genteel work: $15 to $18 per week. Par-
ticulars at COSMOPOLITAN AGENCY, 26
Geary at.
EXPERIENCED salesmen to solicit country
family trade for a large wholesale house; sta-
ple article; good pay. Address box 2002, Call.
SHOEMAKERS wanted. McKay and Goodyear
lasters: alao competent stock fitter and bot-
tom finishers. G. M. KUTZ CO.. 103 Mission.
MEN and women to learn barber, hairdresslns
and manicuring trade; catalogue mailed. S.
F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st
_: y_
BARBER shop; building, ground, lease; coun-
try: flrst class; part cash. G. W. S., Mill
Valley.
BARBERS; first-class man wishes to rent fur-
nished shop. 2 or 3 chairs, with living rooms
attached; option of purchase; town or coun-
try. Addresss box 3353. Call office.
SALESMAN for hardware in San Francisco
and surrounding towns; permanent position
to energetic party; e;perienc« not necessary.
Address with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co., 18 Wick block, Cleveland. Ohio.
WANTED— First-class ladies' tailors at
BCHIMMEL & STOVER'S. 408 Sutter st
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet Ist and 2d sts.
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
UtTINEPS OTTICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— « 27 Montgomery street.
«-orr.er C;ay: open until 9:30 p. m.
500 Hayes street: open until 9:SO p. m.
€29 McAllister rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lerkin rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
I*ll Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
»ci Market street, corner Sixteenth : open
cntil ( p. m.
106 Eleventh street: er*n ontll 9 p. m.
Jf?6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
'TtZ Polk street; cpen until S p. in
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreet*: open until > p. m.
MEETING NOTICES^ .'
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. .j&
T.. No. * Pest Ft — R<Hfular assembly Tisg*
THIS (FHIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 fF3
o'clock. Order of the Temple. All 
fraters courteously invited. By order ¦?
of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
TERBA Buer.a Lodge of Perfection No.
l_}: tfl ted meeting THIS (FRIDAY) jT
EVENING, nt S o'clock. /V
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. /»
M.— Till? <FKir>AY) EVENING, at
7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order of J^J\
the W. M. ' >
WALTER O. ANDER_SON._________ry._
CALIFORNIA Lodge y.o. 1. I. O. <?s**>>*'&.
O. F.— Mfrr.tTS will meet 1n the =3g> 2JX&
hall. FRII.'AY. April 6. at 1:30 p.
m.. to attend the funeral of our '"/iiv*
late tTOther. H. H. HECKMANN.
WILLIAM TROTTER. N. G.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v V? >%. !
ian Club THI^ EVENING, at S3S QsvJ
O'clock, at Fcottlsli Hall. 317 Larkia
it. "Our Sc<-!tt!«h-Amer;?uns," ex- V^£7*a
Chief P. R. McNEIU
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief. j
ANDREW MrNAIR Secretary. I
ENGROSSING
Resolutions and Cirl^n-.RS a specialty. J. W. '
Griffith. Htald's Business College. 24 Post st j
—————————————— ~. — — j
AGENTS WANTED. j
GOOD ruftiers. good proposition; ladles and i
p"n:«. Crown Photo Studio. 1140 Market et. |
I
ASTROLOGY.
J'UGF. A. MA?EKi' of Ucypt. greatest astrolo- j
irist and ra':n!Et In the world: satisfaction 1
puararHfEri *Z~ '>Men Gate aye. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a i<pecla!ty; private;
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W,
HOWE, arfy at law. ».%0 Market, cor. Stocktn. |
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. attorney-at-law; t-le- I
phone Davis 234. 410 Kearny st.
ADVICE iree: ni chargt- unies* succesiful. W.
\V. PAVTDSOX. 1-27 Market St.. opp. Mason. |
K. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re- j
run-.ed traotice at 603 Cal. ft.. Clunle bide j
L £ CI.AKK. Emn-.a Fpreckels bldg., 527 Mar-
Vet «t.: conwiltntlffn free: no fe»» In advance.
RATH CAHINETS — THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-7.ane! folding: see it before
buylrr. W. S BROWN. O^ast Agt.. *?(, Ellis.
BKLGIAN II.YRKS.
LORD EFSEX. Imported Fee $15
Teddy Roosevelt, v.-ln'r Ist price L. A 13 i
Britain Prince, own son of Lord Britain. 10
J)ar.<3y Styles, own eon of Sir Styles, imp. 10
Kildare. imported i
Htefc-clafs do^s. from $10 to $75 (bred); also
grand bucks for Kale. ;
K. E. MASON. 2710 Everett St.. Alameda. Cal.
Visitors welcome, except Sundays. ;
VICTORIA RABBITRY-Headed by Palace !
Royal, scoring 6 j.rizej; ether bucks at etu<i I
and for sale; does of all grades and strains, !
bred ar.fl unbred. 1177 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd. i
KILVER Gray Rabbitry. 1&61 Scott st., Los
Angel*?*— One of th» oldest rabbitries In Los j
Ar-Reies; b-.th standard and heavyweight: SOO 1
head to choose frcm: ali from imported stock. 1
6OSIE fin-t-cliFs stock at reasonable rates. J. j
N. WILLIAMS. 44fi S. Matt ft.. L"s Ang*]»g. |
HOARDING I'OK CHILUUES.
PRIVATE home for children. 1 day to 15 years, i
by T«k or month: large sur.ny yard: select !
neighborhood; rr.nthcr's care: kindergarten; |
terrr.s low. 13v4 Poet, bet. Geary and Hatter.
LADY war.ts young child to board; no other
children: g'vJd borne; reasonable. Box 3005.
EXCELLENT home for children; terms low.
MG Bay ft., near Hyde.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board: German \
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
CCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchangea' i
lloln-.e. r...ck '"0.. Tf'4 M!»slnn ft., near Third.
HOOT AND SHOE RARGAINSJ
BARGAINS in ladles' and children's shoes;
drummers' sample* at manufacturer's cost
J. K«.iHLl'.E>'.-Ki:K, »:, Fourth st
BUSINESS CUASCES.
A— 12C-O— CORNER saloon established for many
years and doing a rushing business; rent
142 M; bt-st location; on Sansome tt. ; owner
clears above %i'm per month. 11. G. WILKE,
90S Market st..
A— JTio— CORNER faloon; with 11 club and la-
cies' rooms; rwit J4o; place established for
years; v<-ry h<»:-t location; first-class; paying.
Cal! R. O. WILKE. 306 Market st.
A—J22OA — J220C — CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
et.; rent J2S, including rooms; large stock of
liquor* and groceries: a first-class, paying
business Inquire Ft G. WILKE. JO6 Market.
A— T2"><>— IjKLICACY store connected with lunch |
room: 6 living rooms; rtr.t $17 50; b^st loca- I
tion O'F«rr<J! et.; must be sold at once; sick- •
ness in family. R. G. WILKE. W6 Market. ,
A—COCO ' CORNER grocery and bar. with four
living roomc; rent $C 0: 3 years' lease; the best I
corner on Mission Bt.; place doing a govd I
paying ca?*h business; full value in sight
Cali R. G. WILKE. 206 llarfeet at
A— IJSf— CIGAR ftore; clearing $4 dally fplen-
dld location: Market and East sts.; rent $13.
_Cal! R. G. WILKE. __S Market st.
A— SOOO— SALOON and lunch house: established
matiy jr*sr* and doing a good paying bu»i-
ners; rent $40; beet location: close to Sutter
tt.; investigate at once; a rare chance. Call 1
R. G. " 'ILKE. *<?€ Market et.
GROCERY end saloon: 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; long l*a«e. Call Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal. rsv-» California et.
TRANSFER saloon; cheap If sold this week!
Llguor Dealers' Journal. &39H California st j
BAKGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any j
business; Jair treatment. Liquor Dealers"
Journal. ~SV4 California St.. room 1.
$750-MnCHAN!CS' Hotel, near the city, bar-
gain; other bu*ln<~a« cause of gale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN A CO.. 777^j Market st.
ITCO-OLD-ESTARLISHED restaurant with 6
furnirhed rornis; oil rented: n»ar car house
trans:>r: rent $!&: going to Cape Nome. Mc-
LAIGHLIN &. CO.. 7774 Market st.
QVICK Bales is our motto.
Raodd you want to buy. sell or exchange
any i>ror>erty or business, we are able to
p'.rsse ycu <r. every rosnect.
EROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY.
tr,r< Market Et
$200— EALOON for sale north of Market St.; we
have a ca«h buyer for a good centmlly located
3<v?einc house of about 20 to 2"> rooms.
Jl2;; — Branch bakery and conf»ctlori»ry: cen-
tral: rooms for family. Apply .?. J\ SLIN-
KKTt 004 SE. cor. Market and Fifth sts.
A-!CW-PA!tTXKI'.; nid-establi-hed and popu-
l»r conf^ctUinery nnrl i"ecreani mTg. ; whole-
sale and retail. KI'.HDO tz CO., 224 Geary.
A— KEO— PARTNER; mcvlrff and storage busl-
nefF; $150 monthly. KREDO & CO.. ITV4 Geary.
> REST AUK ANT : fi.-iwntown: rreat sacrifice !
this Pay. COWING A CO.. 719 Market st.
QI.'ICK sales is our mottrv- Should you want to
boy. fell f^r exchanc" any property or business
we are able to jiloare you in every respect.
KP.OOKLEHURST & MEOLADDERY. 759
Market ft.
fZoof>-FINE livery and feed »tab!«: everything
complete: clears $2:^ per month; sickness
cause or cale. JONES & CO.. *Cf. Market st.
$2.%0-P.i:STAT*RANT: north of Market: money^
maker. <"*al. Investment Co., C 22 Market, r. 6.
KOR sale — A hulf-lrterert in one of the best-
paying and centrally located ealoons in Kan
Francisco; the party desires a partner: must
h:ivo oatlsfartory references; need not hay«
ci|rfr!pnn> In the raloon business ; good buil-
n~F* martacment Is all that Is required: the
saloon is doing a large and profitable business
and r. lull trial and thorough Investigation
will be given persons Investigating. Box 3357
Call office.
FOR pale cheap — Complete brickmaklng plant;
garo'ine engine; Quaker machine; cepaclty
2T..000: locat»-d on Donahue road: convenient
for eh'.pplr.g. Address UIOENHOUR BRICK
CO.. Hilton, Sonoma County, Cal.
fisort—pon sale: one of the best located res-
taurants in city; owner haa two places; a
fortune to the right party. Address box 3017.
Call office.
TO let — J5; old established shoemaker shop;
good trade: work waiting. 7 Chenery St..
near Thirtieth.
tJOOO — FOR eaje. a fine corner drug etore; owner
ha*> two places; place Is making big money.
Address box 3018, Call office.
BUTCHER shop for sale; a bargain. 703 Bran-
nan st. near Sixth.
DUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
LIST YOUR STORE
SALOON. CITY OR COUNTRY. REAL
ESTATE OR BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
WITH ME
I CAN SELL IT FOR CASH
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
Have been in the business in this city
since 1*77
H C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET ST.,
PHONE JOHN 5L
CO-ROOM HOTEL
AND BAR.
60 BOARDERS.
CHEAP RENT.
Bargain; price with DECKER. 1020 Market. _
WANTED— Partner in business established 24
years in Oakland: pays from $400 to $500 per
month; $7500 capital required, which will be
fully secured by good real estate; no chance
of loss: must be a business man, competent
to keep books and collect bills. Call or ad-
dress EDWIN H. WOODWARD, 11 Montgom-
ery Bt.. 8. F.
$2000— OPPORTUNITY for two experienced
saloonmen -with $20<jO each to act as directors
in a corporation already formed; business
eytabllFhed for years; fortunes have been
mnde therein: only active principals wanted.
Address bex 2211. Call office. ¦
GRUBSTAKE— St miners and laborers for Nome
and return; $5 per day. board and lodging;
nuirt have responsible and reliable parties;
applicants mun have $110. K3 Murphy bldg.,
: 12SS Market St.. 10 to 12 and 2to 5.
i WANTED— Lady to travel with a ladles' rem-
edy must have a pmall capital: can make
his money. Address box 3025. Call office.
BAKERY and confectionery for sale; 4 barrels
per day: wagon route. Apply at 533 Bryant.
PARTNER in meat market to take charge of
outflde burlness. 2551 Twenty-fourth st
PARTNER wanted to Invest a small amount
of money in Cape Nome property that Is
known to be good. Box 5143, Call office.
FOR sale— Barber shop; go*d business; rare
chance. Box 279. Pan Luis Oblspo, Cal.
01-I > established grocery end bar doing good
business. Kailrcad Brewery. Valencia St.. nr.
Sixteenth.
FOR sale— Bakery, candles, cigars and tobacco;
reasonable. 157*1 Market st
SHOE ?hop for sale; good location. 2007% Fill-
rr.ore st.
FANCY grocery, strictly modern: good loca-
tion: unusual sacrifice. PENNELL. SUYDAM
& CO.. wholesale grocers. 4 California st.
FOR tale cheap to responsible party— Grocery
ar.d bar: c-Mnblished 15 years; full value In
stock : payp $100 net per month.
HARPER & KREIGER. 212 Examiner bldg.
COAL yard for rent: fine location and does good
business ; entirely covered: 3 stalls; also fine
place for milk depot. Inquire of WILLIAM
HENDRIOKFON * CO., room Cl 4. Call bid*.
FOR Fale— Lodging-house, restaurant and bar;
good chance for man end wife or two part-
ners' owner gcinsr to Cape Nome. Address
"TOM." PoFtofflce, Ptockton.
OLD-ESTAP.LIPHED wapon-maklng. horse-
shoeing business; 15 years present location;
cheap on aect. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
BEST-PAYING route in city cheap; parties go-
ing away. "12 Capp st.
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty: we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California st. r. 6-7.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
!»n<-'a ft.
CARRIAGE* AND WAGONS.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost. 100 sets harness, 200
wagons. 1140 Fol'om st, near Eighth.
A GOOD chance for little money; horse and
¦n-agon for sale. 903 Pt. Lobog aye.
CAPE NOME.
JENKINS* placer machine on exhibition. In
operation. P!2 Wood, W. Oakland; combination
plates and blanket; adjustable sand or gravel.
PARTNER wanted to invest a small amount of I
money in Cape Nome property known to be j
good. Address box ZH3. Call office.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
W~HEN~ycu become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDINO'B Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Wcrks. 352-357 Tfhama st.; tel. S. 40.
J. n. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.: 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY f=team Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
fcTEVENS. mg-r.. 2S-40 «th st; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
455 ftevenson st ; tel. South 225: lowest rates. |
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c. I
PTHATTON'S. 8 Eighth ft; tel. Jesele 944. ]
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-bentlng works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone EaKt 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradls
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed-
To the Pick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and-
nervous affection!:. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If yon cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wcnd*rful woman. Consultation fey mall Is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence v kent sacredly confidential.
Address or call. IIRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
Seventh aye. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get eft* al Clinton Station. 2d fetation from
Broadway.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton, la located at 43
Plxth st: spiritual labor readings dally from
9 a. m. to 7 p. m.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St., r. 35; admission 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S Fennce to-night, 8 p. m. ; 50c;
only one seance more. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Frl. eve; 10c;
readings, L. 25c; G., 50c. 1204 Fillmore et.
MRS. MART EVANS, circle to-day 2, 8: 10c;
also Fat. eve. and Bun.; read, dally. 142 6th.
ARNOLD-DICKSON*: rit. dally; consult, free;
meetinr to-nlcht: all invited. 14S 6th. rm. 1.
MEDA HOPKINS. 1423 Mkt. bet. 10th & 11th—
Clr. Mon. 8 p. m.. Thur. 2 p. m., 25c; sit. dally.
MRP C J. METER. 335 McAllister: spiritual
readings daily: tent clr. to-night. Thurs. at t.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
rr.edfnm. life r^f.<i»r: «Utlr"». *\. 1104 Marlot.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
M7lE?"Arc^R\'Al?T^sTTh^7eTe^raiUd^pTnTs?
fcrtuni! teller; gives best rdvlce In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton »t. near I^arkin.
MADAM SYLVESTER, the celebrated scientific
palml*t and clairvoyant medium; f«e. ladies,
W)c; gents. Jl: 10 a. m. to S p. m. 313 Eddy st.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
seek to know answered, without questions;
satisfaction; readings 50c and $1. 126 O'Farrell.
MME. 7.KHET)A at 5 Seventh *t is the original
gvpty life reader; readings -^> c -
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palml»try. 2. r e; truth or no pay. 1140 Mission.
MRS. DR. WEST, business and test medium,
returned: magnetic treatmts. 17 6th, rms. 1-1.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
render; German spoken. 921% Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings cully. 212% Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; nam»» given: 2HC up. 5 Fourth et.
MME STBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 2r.c: ladlx. 9U O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
lesi successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
DENTISTS.
A— Dlt T. R. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by lecal anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth corefullr treatid and filled or
crowned without pain; plate.* that fit from
14 CO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL §et of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full cet of teeth on a gold plate. SCS; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; filling*. f-Oc; crowns, $3 60: all work
j.alnkiF and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lore, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket «t. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
M £0 up: plates, extractions free: $4 M up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday*, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell «t. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received * first
prise*; no itudents; guaranteed 12 yean.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth. $5; sold crowns, $3- new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
rllver. SOc; painless extraction. 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 MlßSlon. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 years; plates. $3: crowns.
fl. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy at.
MEYER. Deutscner Zannarzt. 6 Turk; painless
ext, crowne. bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st: crown-
bridge work; ext. painless; full set teeth $7.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IE4I Polk «t.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tnre: open evenings nnd Sundays. 850 Market
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'R C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by nil druggists or at the dog hospital.
ClO Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone Ea«t 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dou Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice nnd medicine 73c; city visits $1 60: all
anlmnls trenteii: dorri? hoarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PLAIN skirts made. $1 50; binding on skirts,
3fc. MIPS KKLTFJ, 703 Geary at.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. .IS" Geary st. : dresses
made, $s. up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinkinsr. 121 Po«t. over O'Connor ftMoffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Poet St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engln-
f-"rlner. etc. : new SO-page catalogue free.
A HIGH GRADE! SCHOOL; COMMERCIAL.
....WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVERSITY....
Arranged In departments: pay only for what
you get. Call or address 819 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR.
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got pcsltlons. RAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE. 123 C Market St.
AYRES'. leading business college. 723 Market:
individual instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing: life scholarship. $50: catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, ele.cl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, arsay. cyanide, arch.: day. eve. : est: IS6I.
VAN DKR NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
beet system." M. G. BARRETT.3O2 Montgmy.
FRKNCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Flllppe's Academy
of langiiaKes.32o P<*t;estab'd 1871; ablest prufs.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, guitar.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar/writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:
ihcrouch Instruction. Ptudlo. 405 Geary, r. 47.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnlshea best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over fire years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEI'M Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Be-t help. 41*U O'FaTell «t : t*l Enst 426.
EMPLOYMENT . WANTED — FKMALK.
AN experienced dressmaker will accept more
engagements In families In ladles' street
suits: $1 25 per day; references. 1201 Webster
st, corner Eddy.
WANTED— Situation, light housework or la-
dles' nurse by' respectable elderly woman;
references. Apply at 845 Fillmore at., corner
Fulton.
COMPANION, young girl; would make herself
useful; willing to go to country for summer.
Business Woman's Club, rm. 2C2. 927 Market.
EXPERIENCED young nurce wishes to care
for children over 2 years; $20; references. Call
or address 219',i Sanchez St., near Market.
GIRL for light housework. 914>4 Harrison Bt,
between Fifth and Sixth.
ELDERLY lady wishes a position to do gen-
eral housework for small family; no wash-
ing; city or country. Box 3019, Call office.
A RESPONSIBLE young lady stenographer
and typewriter wants position; salary no ob-
ject. Address box 97, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing and
Ironing; $1 a day and car fare; no postals an-
swered. Apply at 254 Natoma st.
GERMAN girl WRnts place to do housework
and plain cooking; wages $20-$25. Call at
4198 Natoma st.
AN experienced middle-aged lady would like
position as housekeeper; city or country. Ad-
dress K. 8., box C, 3<X> Hayes et.
WANTED — Second work; no sewing; wages
$18. Apply 13C Fulton St.
DRESSMAKER who thoroushly understands
cutting and fitting would like a few select
customers; latest styles and best work; $1 25
flay. S Elwood St.
ENGAGEMENTS In famllie^ by^ first-class
dressmaker: tailoring and fancy dresses; good
city reference; $2 per day. SSS O'Farrell at.
HOUSEWORK wanted by th» day. Call or
address 232 Seventh st.
DRESSMAKER fashionable; will go out or
work In. 711 Franklin st
EXPERIENCED laundress wants to work In
public or private laundry. 349% Minna, rm. 1.
SWEDISH girl would like position to do second
work in private family. Call 757 Harrison «>t.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night; $1 50 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bacgage to and from ferry. *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch olflee. 7200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd «übscrlptlons has been opened
at 1213 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10l»6 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE. ~
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office —
Best h«!r» fumlßhed; domestic servants, etc
417 Powell st.; telephone Clay 86. ' "
SITUATION wanted— Strong Swedish man
wants porter or houseman's work; good car-
penter; steady and sober; city or country
Address box 3024. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position; can keep ac-
counts; handle horses; not afraid of work;
fair wages. Address box 3023, Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch or take
charjre of a ranch; moderate wages; experi-
enced. Address U. X.. 509 Birch aye.
SITUATION wanted by stationary engineer; 9
years' experience; city or country; strictly
temperate. J. W., 1654 Market st.
GOOD rook desires situation. W. DOLEN-
HURST, 1648 Clementina St.. off Third.
ELDERLY gentleman. desires easy Job for his
found; no peddling. Box 3028. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 2S, exceptional ability and ref-
erences, lots of energy, plenty nerve and per-
nerverance, large advertising and general
business experience, original ideas, thorough
knowledge of Oerman, Russian and partly
French, desires paying position. Box 3013,
Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced mala nurse
as attendant to Invalid gentleman, mentally
or physically; excellent city references. Box
3335, Call.
SITUATION wanted rs city agent or collector;
very well acquainted in city; can give good
references and, if necessary, securltv. Uox
3315. Call office.
YOUNG man. with 3 years' experience In wlae
business; can give the best of references; de-
sires a position In same; wages moderate.
Box 3011. Call office.
YOUNG man, 24, seeks situation: can drive.
If necessary. O. CLARK. 765 Harrison st.
HORSEMAN wanta situation; Al references:
has traveled all-over the world with prize
stock; good driver and breaker. Box 3396. Call.
CHINESE experienced, first-class cook wishes
position : luritel. boarding house or family;
good references; satisfaction. 116 Prospect
place, near California and Powell ats. C. M.
COACHMAN; understands his business thor-
oughly; is capable of taking charge and care
of gentleman's residence; Al references. Ad-
dress C. 8.. 1022 Jackson st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
CLERK— Experienced dry goods salesman of
tact and ability, well acquainted with general
and implements, desires engagement in large
town or country: good references. J. H.
WHITE, 1137 Union St., San Francisco.
WANTED— Situation as porter In commission
house by intelligent young man aged 20; haa
had some experience. Box 3314, Call office.
EXPERIENCED valet wishes a position with
a gentleman traveling. Box 3345. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as good cook
in a family. F. H.. 248 Ellis Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
Icncla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071% Market st. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mall, 50c. Phone, Mint 257.
EXCHANGE.
TO exchange— A stock ranch of 320 acres in
Nevada for a small Improved farm near city.
Addresg J. C. SNYDER. 12% Hill Bt.
DESCRIPTIONS of small improved ranches
near city that are for sale or exchange. J.
C. SNYDER. 12% Hill st.
FLATS TO LET.
2526 CALIFORNIA— Sunny flat; 4 rooms and
bath; rent $18; also 5-room cottage; rent $13.
Apply 2524 California st.
IF you want to njove get printed list flats to le.t
frcm BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1513%. near Eleventh— 6 large sunny
rooms; bath; laundry; rent reasonable.
UNION Iron Workers— Apply to H. LIEHRKE
6 EONS, Minnesota and Marlposa sts., for
$8 and $S flats or house of 6 rooms.
"WANT good tenants for new flats; Just finished;
4 rooms; gas, grates, electric lights, porcelain
bath. 1421 Green St., near Van Ness aye., or
SPECK & CO.
$6— LOWER flat and yard. 726% HarrißOn St.
between Third and Fourth.
$12— FLAT of 4 large sunny rooms, bath and
gas. 3928 Nineteenth Bt., bet Noe and San-
chez; water free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
H pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
YOUNG couple leaving city desire to sell their
elegant furniture; in uee 4 months. Inquire
E63 Geary st.
FOR sale— Furniture in 10-room house at 643
Geary st., near Jones.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAB. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1133 Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest pric> for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with .1. T. Terry & Co.) buya
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
c r. HA^B^r&~co7Z^io^^RASrirm
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Fresno, $25, fare one way; waitress,
Marysvllle, $20, s?e party; 6 waitresses, com-
mercial hotels, $20; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 4
restaurant waitresses, $C and $7; 2 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; woman cook. $40. resort,
see party here; woman cook, small resort,
$35, s?e party here; fancy ironers.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
House girl, city, $18, no cooking; second girl,
San Mateo, $15, see party here at 2 o'clock;
house girl on ranch, Martinez, $20; cook and
second girl, same house, city, $45, »cc party
here; colored girl for 2 in family, $20; house
girl. Mill Valley, $20, $25; cook, city, $30, 2
in family; cook, Santa Clara. $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 ranch cooks, $20, $25; parlor maid
and waitress, $25; 5 second girls, $20, $25;
Protestant cook, $30, no wash; German cook.
$30, no wash; mother and daughter. $30, $50;
12 hotel waitresses, $20, city anil county; 4
chambermaids and waitresses, $20; 2 cooks,
plain wash. $25; S restaurant waitresses, $6,
$7 a week; 2 kitchen helpers, $15: Ironer, $25
and $9 a week, country laundry; kitchen
maid, $23, nice place; 50 houuegirls, $20, $25,
city and country: hotel cook, $30, $35. J. F.
CKOSETT. 316 Sutter st.
SECOND cook, country hotel, $1 per day, fare
paid; working housekeeper, country, $15, see
party here to-day; housework, Modesto, $20,
fare here; Shasta County, $20, fare paid; cook
for men, country, $20, Rood place, see party
here; woman with a child, country, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SEAMSTRESS, institution. $25; cook, boarding
house, $30; 2 oooks, private family, $35 and
$30; waitress, $25; 2 second girls, $25 and $20;
nurse, $20; housekeeper, $25; houseglrl, 2 In
family $20; kitchen maid. $20; middle-aged
woman, light work. $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
10 GIRLS; general housework; city; $15. $30.
2 waitresses; city: board and room; $20.
1 apprentice for halrdresslng; good home.
The Business Woman's Club, rm. 202, 927 Mkt.
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade; enly
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove sts.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework
' and take care of child; sleep at home. 457
Halght st.
CAPABLE Klrl for light housework: small
family; references; call between 9 and 11.
318 Ellis St.
WANTED— German girl; general housework;
murt be good cook. Apply 414 Van Ness aye,,
9 to 12.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; email
family; wages $15. 3529 Twenty-first St.;
Castro-Bt. cars.
HAND sewers on overalls. Standard Shirt
Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 411% Kearny st., top floor.
GERMAN or Danish girl to do plain cooking
In bakery. 427 Larkin at.
GIRL to mind baby and to assist; steady place.
Address HOENIO, 819 Post st.
RELIABLE girl, with reference: competent
cook. 2201 Broflerlck st, cor. Washington.
YOUNG girl for light housework; call between
9 and 11 a. m. 378 Fell st.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
SOI Hayes st.
WANTED— GirI to do light housework in a
small family. 829 Geary at.
GIRL for general housework, including cook-
ing;^jimaJ£_famllyjn____3____T_*^
KITCHEN helper at restaurant. 113 Turk st.
WOMAN for cooking and housework; small
boarding-house; wages $20. 26 Steuart at,
upstairs.
YOUNG girls to attend to stock at A. CAIL-
LEAU'S. 114-116 Kearny st. '
WANTED— Young girl to wait table and up-
stairs work; small hotel. 6G2 Fulton st.
GIRL to do general housework; no washing;
wages $20. 1 Scott st.
GIRL wanted for upstairs and children; refer-
ences. 2311 Broadway.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted s for bindery.
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
WANTED — A German girl for general house-
work. 2109 Taylor st.
TRIMMERS and makers wanted. New York
Millinery, 120S Market st.
GIP.LS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont at; elevator.
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st.
WANTED— Young girl 14 to 16 years, to care
for child of 6; moderate salary: good home.
18 Landers st.
WANTED— Respectable girl for housework in
privnte family; $15 per month; good home.
1215 Bush, between Hyde and Larkin.
WANTED— Vest finishers. "18 Market Rt.
WANTED— A girl to do housework. 114S Mar-
ket st.
TWO first-class finishers on custom-made coats;
good wages. J. C. COHN & CO.. 775 Market.
. . %
GIRL wanted to wait at table. 623 Fourth st.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
shirts. ROGERSON. 535 Valencia st.
NIGHT school reopens April 2; epeed clasa $3
per mo. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
BARBER wanted to bay barber shop; n>od ern
furnishings: 2 revolving chairs, etc.: best .lo-
cation in Alameda; will sell very cheap: as 1 »
whole or In lots to suit; cash or Installments.
Apply Oakland Auction Co.. 465 Twelfth St..
Oakland, or E. D. JUDD. 1424 Park St.. Ala-
meda.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL. l»»T«rf w
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third «.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House PW^"''*""
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
LINDELL House, comer Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per wee*.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« v a-
lencla st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sole
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth st.; auction sales every ediwiaay.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A FRESH carload of horses, all solid colors.
Just from the Canty ranch. 185 Valencia St.;
also a carload of broodmares, with foal-
(0 HEAD fine draft and dr'vlng horses at IS2I
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some line matched black teams. :
WANTED— Carload mules, broken or unbroken;
under 8 years: weight 10CO pounds or over.
Box 30C3. Call.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist, 605 Q. G. ay.
FINE stock of ail classes of horses at Swltzefs
Horse Mnrket. Twelfth and Market sts.
HOUSES— LODGING — FOR SALE.
A— 44-ROOM comer; electric elevator $3900
SO rooms; restaurant and bar: in Stockton 750
20-room corner; 2 entrances: half cash 2200
16 rooms: new furniture; rent $85 1500
Partner in 2S-room house 1100
20 rooms on Turk street SOO
S-room flat; new; elegant 550
15 rooms on 1 floor; near Call office 550
37 rooms; on Howard at.; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market et. ; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 4CO
30 rooms; on Kearny st. ; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on Market et. ; payments ISOO
TELEPHONE JOHN 61_
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO 2214 GEARY ST.
Money to Loan at Low Rates
Telephone Black 6052.
9-rocm flat; newly furnished; central.... $400
10 rooms; nicely furnished; cheap.; SCO
]0 rooms; new and good: profitable ICOO 1
16 rooms; new and good; profitable 900
25 rooms; modern corner; offices 2700
10 rooms: fine corner: central; only 400
105 rooms; modern; with elevators 6500
12 ROOMS; 8 blocks N. of Market $430
16 rooms; Geary st. ; fine and full I*oo
2<5 rooms on G. G. aye.. cor.: rent $100 1650
32 rooms; cor.: 2 blocks of Mkt.: rent $100. 900
64 rooms; 1 block of Mkt.; money maker. 3EOO
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market at., nr. Call bldg.
NICE 12-room house, Ellis, near Jones, $450; IS
rooms, n!ee furniture. Geary St.. $600. C. D.
DAVIS, room 69, 916 Market at.
A — WANTED — Good tenants for new houses;
95 and 100 rooms. At SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt.
PARTY wlshin? to sell lodging-house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer daily.
ELEGANTLY furnished house, 9 rooms, bath,
laundry: nice yard; permanent roomers;
profitable investment: 4 blocks from Market;
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — Furnished flat for couple; 4 gentle-
men roomers: 1 man pays the rent. Address
box 33*1. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE 2-story and basement house; modern
Improvements; fine flower garden; 1731 Bu-
chanan st., bet. Sutter and Post. Apply 623
Golden Gate aye.
TO LET— Two-story, sunny house. 9 rooms and
bath. 1209 Jackson st., near Jones.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
FOR Fale — Centrally and desirably located, an
8-room house, elegantly furnished, including
piano; the furniture is nearly new and very
fine. Address box 3021, Call office.
TO let — A furnished house; 10 rooms, with mod- ,
em Improvements; large garden, lawn. etc.
Apply on premises, 2143 Larkin St.. after 4
p. m., or of owner, S. OTIS, at 31S Montgom-
ery st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of LIZZIE KELBER. No. 91-4SL The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Blue hound; name on collar; return to
Tenth and Bryant sts. ; reward.
LOST— Bar pin of 7 diamonds: liberal reward.
Return to Bt. Nicholas Hotel.
LOST — Sunday, a black field spaniel called
Sport; reward. 14158 Hayes st.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, fie well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; «afe and reliable cure In one
day: 15 years' successful practice In S. F.;
maternity home; low fees. 1007*4 Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023H Market st
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton, China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office house, 10 a, m. to 12 m.,
1 to 5 ». m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
a nteed treatment at office. $5: saf* and re-
liable: consultation free. 11!3 Market st. bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist ; horn»
in confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation free. 943
Poet at., between Hyde and Lai kin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' speclal-
iat; guaranteed treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1238 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market
at. ; every case guaranteed : $3 up.
DR. JAMES PIERCE, 104 Turk St., the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate are.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CON ANT 3 Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood; destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; cures: revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bill*: nutfltn for calet agents wanted: aend for
booklet. -.ANTTSROSTS. 47 Pn«r *t.. B. V.. Cal.
MILL VLI.LEY HOUSES.
TO let— Mill Valley residence, 6 mo. or more;
modern, 12 rooms, stable, bearing orchard, I
blocks from station. P. GARDNER, Mill
Valley. Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. :d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont «t
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
FOR sale— Some choice Scotch collie pups 3 !
months old; pedigree with each puppy; some
of the best blood. In England and America-
price according to markings. W. E. YEAw'
Washington, Cal. " *
SIX heavy solid silver, almost brand-new table-
spoons for »9; cost originally $15. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. u^v.***.
A FINE "latest style" sealskin Jacket for $70-
cost $140. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye!
PLAT in Odd Fellows" Cemetery: choice loca-
tion; sloping ground: no reasonable offer re-
fused. C. H. BLOHM. 11l California st.
A— BUYS, sells nr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
FOR sale— Steerage ticket on flrst boat to
Nome. Apply RICHARD UHTE. 425 San-
some st.
'98 RAMBLER bicycle; fine condition: owner
leaving city; $10 cash. Address box 3333. Call.
FOR sale— Patterns for 2-H. P. gas engine;
castings for small engine, work half fln-
lshed. 135 Douglass st.
MAKE walking easy by wearing rubber heels;
recommended by physicians; put on while you
wait; 50c 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged, and repaired.
1309 Mission st, between Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIOALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
MI3CELLANEOCS FOR SALE
A— s3 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
nlar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dltlon: complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
FOR sale— Drawing board. 36x48: printin«
frame with glass. SSx42. 135 Douglass st.
A FJNE suit $10; dress pants $2 75. Misfit
Clothing Parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausage ma-
chinery. Mclnto?h & Walpman. 195 Fremont.
FCRTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; id-hand. J. Hurke. 139 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
8 II P. STEAM hoist and boiler In perfect
order: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BEXTHAM. 1832 Mark»t at.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments: cheap. 145 Stxth at.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale an<t fire, and burg-
lar proof safe. -216 California st. ¦
S*FES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-413 Sacramento at.
SKCOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burs-
la r proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
P*FES new and second-hand, all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: X
air ccTnrressor: " locomotive*. KO Fremont.
MiscßUJursops *¦ w.vrrs.
W I\™TED — Coyote skins and other furs; price*
have advanced; ship to us at onr« If you
•want hishest market pric»s. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. dealers in hides and furs.
3S Clay st.. San Francisco. CaL
WANTED— OId fast^fiying pigeons; no squab*.
For terms and shipping directions apply tr>
Fan Francisco Trap Shooting Association. 228
Market St.. room 6.
Ft'LL dres?. Tuxedo and other suits. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton St.; phon« Blaclc
1201; postal. m
WANTED— Horse to drive in butcher cart.
Geary and Laguna sts. <
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITKH^An. 171 ft Market »t.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; it per cent; flrst.
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. O. K.
OLSEN. room IS. first floor. Chronicle blilar.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay get my terms before doing business e.se-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtaia
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.: tel. Matn 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on,
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rat?a. BF.CKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 124 Kearny st.. room 9, respectable private*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 985.
ON furniture and pianos wlthoutremoval; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
C 8 and O. Donohue building. 1170 Market at.
LOANS made on furniture at I*4 per cent: also
to salaried people. HARSHBARGER. 322
Ellis st.. room 84. _^__
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos: 3
per cent; no removal, no commission. • Eddy
St., room 81. -
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. ZM Kearny st.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
other collateral. D McRAE. 743 Mtaslon st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott bulld-
lng — Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOCSLEY. 321. Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
$S0 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
On furnitur», pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and ycu need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
clsco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE"HXv~£rWHAT~Y6\rSiAY~WANT?~~~~"
YOU MAY HAVE WHAT WE WANT.
WE WANT MONEY WHICH YOU MAY HAVE.
WE HAVE PIANOS WHICH YOU MAY WANT.
Our pianos are the DECKER & SON. PACK-
ARD, and BOOTHE BROS. : we have many
good socond-hand instruments varying in prica
from $75 to $275; call for price lists and terms.
MAUVAIS' Music House. 769 Market st.
ALL kinds of musical Instruments sold for cash,
or Installments at lowest siicea at MAU-
VAIS' 769 Market st.
FINE Fischer * Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary sfa
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and. largest hous*
wwt of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
16. 23 and 30 O"Farr»ll St.; pianos, organ* andl
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
A LIST OF MONEY SAVERS.
Samples from factory which ar* out of our
regular line: such makes as Weber. Hajrdman.
Ccnover. Behr, Everett and Kingsbury; prices
from 1150 to S2OO less than regular price. Also
S slightly used planoa from $137 up; eaay pay-
ments. See us this week If you want a anap.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ARE you In need of a p!ano? We have a larg?
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payment."; $S down and $6 per month for an
elegant new upright: some good pianos for
$3, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
A CO., Stelnway dealers, corner Sutter and]
Kearny sts.. Ran Francisco; corner Thirteenth
and Broadway, Oakland.
A* LARGE number of pianos yet remain of th»
Hamilton-Bancroft stock; Steinway concert
grands. Checkering. Hallett & Davis. Elling-
ton, etc.; squares. $23 up; uprights, »50 up:
banjos, 50c up; guitars, $1 up; mandolins. *3
up. Byron Mauzy Piano Warerooms. 308-3:3
Pest St., sole agent Sohmer and Byron Mauzy
pianos.
A FORCED sale of a beautiful upright piano;
fancy case, fine tone,, high grade; must b»
Bold this week. 809 Market St.. room 10.
Flood building.
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
Storage. 1710 Market st^ \
A BARGAlN— Stelnway. $125: store open Sat.
evening. H«lne Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CITRTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and H.illett & Davl.i planoa.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister »t.
P.ARGAIN— Good tprtght: cheap. SCHMITZ.
it McAllister st.. next Hibemla. Dank.
SUPERIOR violin*, ilthers. old and new. H.
MtTLLER. rmfciT. '•^palrer. 2 I^\tham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO -LET.
BASEMENT with good bake oven; rent $5.
106 Eleventh at.
ELEGANT location; suitable for doctor or
dentist. Audubcn. California and Hyde.
$15— STORE. NW. cor. Post and Baker, with
fixtures; 3 rooms in the rear; concrete cellar.
FOR rent— Elegant offices In Y. M. C A.
i butldlng. Mason and Ellis sts.
_ PALMISTKY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain Coilega of
Palmistry; reads 1 to S. 61G Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
W^S^ED^ThenieTrT^or^ol?N~JONE3. some^
times called John Watkin Jones, who are en-
titled to a legacy from a relative In England:
widow and children last heard from at 24
Sixth St.. S. V. Address CORMAC. DONO-
HOE & BAI'M, attorneys and counselors at
law. 119 Bush at.. s?an Francisco.
EDW. BELLE — Oudry, photographic Parts-
lenne. Entrance 16th. nr. Washington. Ookld.
DR. W. T. PARKER, the successful healer,
treat* all nervous, chronic, throat and ca-
tarrhal diseases without drugs; consultation
and diagnose free. Of flee. 1027H Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing-
suits made to onler; fit gnar. 2 Eighth st.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR permanently removed
by electric needle. 1206 Market St.. room 14.
O. D. MORSE, photographer. 260 C Paetnc «ye..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Stelner 3391.
BTAMMERrNG corrected: booklet. J. WHITER
HORN, A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden Bt. Oakland.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1900.
10a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<»-."> KKA fi> T ST. EKtabrlshed
In I *34 tor the treatment of Pr'rate
Diseases, Lo«t Man hood. Debility or
disease »re»ringon bodyand mind and
Skin Diseaaes. Tbedoctorcareawben
others faiL Try him. Charga* low
t'iire««o«ri»nt^»d. Ca'lorwriMh
Or. *-Jt. a>UlilO>, Bom. I937.3aa rnngtmeOk
COPYISTS APPOINTED.
County Clerk Deane and the Becorder
Select Their Clerical Force.
County Recorder Godchaux has ap
pointed the following copyists from the
list of eligibles submitted to him by the
Board of Public "Works:
John C. Flood, Leo do Cardona, James F.
Lane Herman Zimmerman, E. R. Zlon. Jo
seph 'P. Hayes, Carl F. Jacobson, Joseph F.
O'Belrne Albert Goodman, Martin H. Water
man and Martin W. Fleming.
The following copyista were selected by
County Clerk Deane:
Mark Bartlet. Charles A. Sandegran. William
J Wilson, John F. Williams, William H.
Smith Jr., Benjamin P. Wilbur, Edward L.
O'Connor, Edwin Lewis, Charles O'Malley. Cos
grave Eugene J. Sullivan. Edward A. Clapp,
Otto E. A. Schmidt, Rubin Kallskey. Ernest
W Hewson, Robert J. Blame, Louis A. Lacay,
John F. Hennessy, Frank H. Urmy, De Guy
Simpson, Eugene McFadden, Edwin Darbey
and Fred A. Flelschman.
OCEAN TBAVETj.
AMERICAN LINE.
WtW YOaX. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSSCX. MSX3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul April 4St. Paul April 3
St. Louis April ll!St. Louis May 2
New York April UiNew York Mar *
RED STAJ* LINE.
New Yorlt cr}d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland April 4'KenslnKton i... April a
Southwark April lljNoordland May 2
Westernland ...April IS] Friesland May 9
EMPIRE LINE.
S. 8. Ohio, from San Francisco May 13 and
from Seattle May 24, to Nome and St. MJchael
Subsequent sailings. June JO. July 31. Aug. JO.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St., cr any of Its agtnts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DIED.
Asher. Mrs. Nellie Muller. Rudolph Jr.
Bogan, Winifred Murdock, John W.
Bonovaz. Peter ¦ Needham. Minnie
Brarens. Hannah C. Neville, Dennis H.
Bryan. Margaret Nicholas. Sarah A.
Buckley, Margaret Nixon. James H.
fforonel, Rosie O'Brien. James J.
Doherty. Mary A. Parker. Elsie
Donnelly, Edward T. Rasmusspn, Marjorie
Drlesbach, John W. Schimrf, Charles
Ettlinger, Sarah Schumacher, Anna
Friedrich. Charles Shields, James H. '
Gardner, William A. Sies, Philip
Hassey. Dollle F. Ptockford. Cora O.
Heckmann Herrmann Sullivan. Mary A.
Hermes. John Van Gordon-Grunfg,
Himmelrnann,' Wil- Laurie -
liam D. Ward. William
Holbrook, Herbert Weingarten. Carrie
Hoopes. Thomas C. Wenzel. Joseph
Jurgens. William Wilson. Josenh H.
Lindi-man, Isadora Winter. James W.
Luca*. John Zschlesche, Margar"th
Lyons. William H.
ASHER— In this city. April 4, IJOO. Mrs. Nellie
Asher, a native of St. Louis, Mo., aped 45
years. (St. Louis, Mo., papers please copy.)
tC3"Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take plare
this day < Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the
parlors of Valente. Marlni & Co., 1521 Stock-
ton street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
800 AN— ln this city. April 6. 1900, Winifred,
beloved wife of th« late Captain James Bo-
gan. and eipter of Mrs. Edward Fitzgerald, a
native of Cloundraw, Richmond Harbor,
County Longford, Ireland, aged 43 years.
(Chicago andPeorla, 111., papers please copy.)
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to^mon-ow
(Saturday), at 9:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. SiO Filbert street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at li>
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BONOVAZ— In this city, April 4. 1900. Peter,
beloved son of Nicholas and the late Anna
Bonovaz. a native of Marcevo, Dalmatla,
Austria, aged 24 years.
BRARENS— In this city, April 5, 1900, Hannah
C. beloved wife of the late Henry Brarena
Sr., mother of Mrs. C. Seifert and Peter,
Ferdinand and the late Henry Brarens, and
Eister of P. M. Paulsen of Weavervllle, Cal.,
and Mrs. Pauline Thomsen of Hamburg, Ger-
many, a native of Wyack-a-Fohr, Schleswlg,
Germany, aged 73 years 10 months and 10
days.
BRYAN— In this city. April 4. 1900. Margaret,
relict of the late Thomas Bryan, beloved
mother of William H. and John J. Bryan,
Mrs. John H. Wood and the late Thomas T.
Bryan, and sister of Mary O'Brien of New
York, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years 5
months and 13 days.
ET'Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i' riday). at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2^19 California street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
h»>r foul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BUCKLEY— In this* city, April 5. 1900. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of James Buckley, and
mother of James E. and Maggie M. Buckley,
a native of the. city of Limerick. Ireland, aged
43 year*. (New York papers please copy.)
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are rf-spect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:20 o'clock, from her late
residence, 20 Natoma ftreet, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Mour.t Calvary Cemetery.
CORONEL— In this city. April 4, 1500, Rosle,
dearly beloved daughter of Soledad Coronel,
and sister of lirnatluc, Manuel and Robert
Coronel, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
¦ years.
KJTTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Castaenetto & Delmonte. thence to the
Spanish Church of Nuestra Senora de Guada-
lupe, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of • her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. , •
DOHERTY— In this city. April 5. 1900, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of the late Hugh Doherty
(nee Laird), and mother of Fannie. John,
Bella and Hugh Doherty. Mrs. Alfred Marslch
and the late Dennis Doherty. a native of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 69 years 5
months and 25 days.
ICy-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1320 Jackson street, between Hyde and
Lfavenworth. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
DONNELLY— In this city, April 5, 1900, at his
residence, 318 Oak street. Edward T., beloved
husband of Katie J. Donnelly, a native of
Ireland, ased 57 years.
IT^Notice of funeral hereafter.
DRIESBACH— In this city. April *, 1300, John
W., beloved son of Abraham M. and Eliza-
beth B. Drlesbach. a native of Kansas, aged
18 \-ears 1 month and 2 days.
ETTLINGER— In New York, • March 80, ' 1900,
Sarah, beloved wife of Bernhard Ettllnger,
mother of Mrs. Louis Straus, Mrs. Fred
Patek and Isaac L. and Gertrude Ettllnger,
and Bister of Mrs. H. Schiller and of Leo
Hechheimer of New York, a native of Ger-
many, ased 55 years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12: JO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1909 Van Ness avenue. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train from
Third and Townsend streets at 1:30 o'clock.
FRIEDRICH— In this city, April 5. 1900, Charles
Gottfried, beloved husband of Caroline Frled-
rlch and father of Karl A.. Anna. M. and
Henry W. Friedrich. Mrs. M. Kaiser and the
late Emily Friedrich, a native of Saxony,
Germany, aged 66 years 1 month and 27 days.
A member of Vereln Elntracht. >
gf?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
GARDNER— In Watsonville, Cal., April 5. 1900,
William A. Gardner, beloved husband of
Mary M. Gardner, father of Annie. Carl.
Mary and John E. Gardner, and brother of
Miss Nettle E. Gardner, a native of Michi-
gan, aged 54 year. .--¦•<
(CTFiineral services at charel. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, to-morrow (Saturday), at
10:30 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances ara
invited to be present. - /
HABBEY— In Alameda, April 6. 1900, Dollle
Frances Ha!>sey, daughter of Frances Cle-
Isnd and the late F. A. Hassey, a native of
Clovordale. aged 22 years. < J. '
HECKMANN— In this city, April 2, 1900, at his
residence, l£o4 Ellis street, near Pierce, Herr-
mann H., dearly beloved husband of Chris-
tine Heckmann. ¦ father of Mrs. G. A. Hlnkel-
bing and Herrmann .. Heckmann Jr.. an.d
brother cf Mrs. J. Cordes, Mrs. Marie Voll-
mer and Mrs. C. Lehrke, a native of Osna-
bruck, Germany, aged 66 years 9 months and
14 days. • A member of California Lodge No.
I*l O O F. ; Verba Buena Lodge No. 14, A.
6 U. W., and Keystone Lodge No. 2107. K.
of H.
(ryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:20 o'clock, from 1.. O. O. F.
Hall corner Seventh and Market ; streets,
where services will be held, under the aus-
pices of California Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HERMES— In the City and County Hospital,
¦ April 6, 1900, John Hermes, a native of Ger-
many, ased .59 years. ;
HIMMELMANN— In this city, April 4, 1900,
William D.. . beloved father of William E.
Hirnmelmann. and ¦ youn*eßt and beloved son
of Katherlne and the late Andrew Himmel-
nrann, a native of ,San Francisco, aged 31
yearn 5 months and 19 days. .
ICT Friends and acaualntancee -are respect-
fully Invited ta attend the. funeral this day
{Friday), at 3 o'clock, from the rewldence of
hie. mother. 1711 Geary street, between Web-
ster and Fillmore. Interme.nt t. o. O. F.
CiincUrj:. ' •
1045. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs: three-year-olds and upward; purse. HOO.
MARRIED.
BENT— PARSONS— In this city. March 29, 1900.
by the Rev. J. N. Beard. D?D.. Alonzo Bent
and Gussle M. Parsons, both of San Fran-
CIECO.
FREELAND— PADLET— In this City, April 2,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
David J. Freeland of Battery I. Presidio, and
Ida J. Padley of San Francisco.
HALFORD— LOFTUS— In this city, April 2,
. 1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. John
J. Halford of San Francisco and Kathleen
Loftus of Healdsburg.
HANXAH— McINTOSH— In this city, April 3,
1300, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Colin J. Hannah and Sadie Melntoeh. both, of
San Francisco.
MORRISON— COYLE— In this city. April 4, 1300,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, August
R. Morrison of Santa Clara and Bernice Effle
Coyle of San Jose.
WECK— CARLSON— In this city, April 4, 1900.
by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Gustave Week and
Jenny Carlson, both of San Francisco.
ANDRISA JUST
TOYED WITH BY
ADVANCE GUARD
Great Chestnut Colt Won the
Match Race Eased to
„ Trrr 11
a Walk.
All But One Favorite Suffered De
feat at Oakland — Alas Downed
a Fast Field of Game
Sprinters.
When the match race was consummated
some days ago between the owners of
Advance Guard and Andriaa for $500 a
side, with $700 added by the association,
the most ardent admirers of; Carruthers
& Shields' crack colt did not expect
to obtain better than 7 to 10 against their
money. However, during the interium,
Andrisa had been behaving 30 becoming
ly in her workouts that she readily won
over the sympathy of the rail birds and a
majority of the trainers. Walter Jen
nings felt confident, too. that his filly
would win, and she actually ruled favor
ite In the betting, though it was 9 to 10
and take your pick at post' 'time. An
drisa showed herself to be a fast sprint
er, and that was about all. Henry let
her step off the five furlongs in one min
ute, the seven furlongs in W1&. Just about
this time, Piggott, on the colt, tackled
her, and the race was over. The last fur
long Advance Guard was eased up, and
then won pricking his ear a in 1:52%.
The event proved a star attraction,
drawing a large crowd. to the track over,
the bay. Favorites fared badly, Vesuvian
being the only one to score.
In the opening mile run, Poorlands
showed marked improvement, going out
in the lead and winning all the way. Hen
ry C, piloted by Henry, and a mild favor
ite, ran second, a length ahead of Lizzella.
The winner was as good as 4 to 1.
On Tuesday last Forsina started in a
six furlong sprint, finishing third to Mor
inga and De Blaise. On that occasion her
price in the betting went back from 5 to 9.
When looking a winner at the stretch
turn Mills pulled her out wide, losing half
a dozen lengths. Yesterday, well backed
at 10 to 1, the mare spreadeagled her field
in the second mile run, leading Croker and
Los Prietos out galloping.
Quite an upset was furnished in the five
and a half furlong sprint, for which Ella
Boland closed a slight favorite over Miss
Rowena. After the pair named had killed
themselves off racing out in - the lead.
Mounce, on Alas, an 8 to 1 shot, drew out
of the bunch, disposing of the first choice
by a length in fast time. Miss Rowena
was third.
Atkin & Lottxidge sprung a warm
one in Diderot, which captured the two
year-old dash romping from Parsifal.
Bernota, the 13 to 10 favorite, got cut off
in the stretch, failing to get inside the
money.
The mile run for three-year-olds result
ed in a hollow victory for the 2 to 7 favor
ite. Vesuvian. Lothian secured place hon
ors from Bathos. *
An 8 to 1 chance, Constellator captur
ed the Pinkerton handicap, over one mile
and a furlong. Rosormonde made the
pace leading to within fifty yards of
home, where the three-year-old collared
and beat her out less than a length. Top
most finished third in advance of the fav
orite, Opponent. ¦•
Track Notes.
Jockey Pedro Enos, suspended at Sacra
mento in 1808 by Judge Price, was yester
day reinstated by that official.
The stable of J. F. Fogg left for the
East last ni§ht. Carruthers & Shields will
probably ship to-morrow.
To-Day's Entries.
Flret race— Five furlongs; three- year-clda;
selling.
527 Miss Madeline. lo2: 832 The Scot 104
Lobencena lOi 103111. Thatcher... lo9
1038 Oarbo 112 : J^O L. Hayman li>7
103S Sir Hampton. ..lOTj Bogus Bill 112
U. 7 My Secret 102 995 Dreadn'ght 11. .107
1031 Maydine 1071 562 Florinell 11.....112
Second race — Seven furlong*; three-year-olds
and upward ; purse.
532 Ostler Joe 114| 960 Gold Baron 10S
IMS Casdale 103' 1040 Allenna 95
574 O'Connor lfisj 1011 Henrietta G 103
1039 Terrene 1(W! 1032 De Blaise 11l
1024 Petal 108| 1003 Letlger 97
1040 Expedient S7| 1005 Princess Kelka. 93
Third race — Four furlongs; maiden two-year
old fillies; purse.
1037 Ada Fox 115' 1015 Carilee 115
997 Too Hot 1151 1015 Location 10.>
HL'2 Sacharold 1151 934 Llllie Diggs....lli
&$S Ecla Lass 115; 1015 Mrs Brunell....U»
9'J2 Imponente 10V 959 Debitick US
1027 Ada N 105 1 1008 Bavassa 113
Fourth race— One mile; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
IM2 TJarda 110) 101S Facade 108
1^36 Silver Tone 10S! 1138 Obsidian 11l
101S Nilgar 10*; 1042 Torsida 110
903 New Moon HQ X*3 Dare II 115
101R Captive lir.i 1029 Rosinante n,j
(1014)Donator 113 (10:5)Regelong 1U
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
1028 Orion 1091 1035 Pat Morrlssey.il"!
1021 Bly ..1131 1032 Bonlbel -..101
101S Alarla 105 i .... Wick Wick 109
1024 Flamero 108: 596 Mike Rice...... 10*
1012 St. Cuthbert....lO9 SS7 Tlburon ?..105
(lC39)Tuthlll 10V (1035) Peace 103
Sixth race— One mile and a. sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
994 Pins l p7 l 952 E1 Ml <so 10"
IO3G Lost Girl 10S! 1012 Lodestar 107
1012 Glen Ann ....',105 1036 Wyoming 99
999 Tappan 99 1 1029 Pprseus 99
761 GlengabPr 110| 1023 Dr. Bernays.,..lo7
1024 Storm Kin?.... 102" 1036 Montanus 119
Selections for To-Day.
First rare— Miss Madeline, Louise Haytnan,
Florlnel 11.
Becond race— Princess Zijika, Petal, Gold
Baron. ; , '^
Third race— Bavassa, Sacharold, Location.
Fourth race — Roslnante, Donator, Silver Tone.
Fifth race— Sly, Peace, Pat Morrlssey.
Elzth race— Wyoming, Tappan. Storm King.
'¦'AIeAVOY «fc CO.. !
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS J
1255 Market St.. between Bth and 9th. »
Telephone South 247. \ ~.^
Governor General Wood in Cuba.
Next Sunday's Call will tell you all
about the situation In Cuba and the
good work Governor General tVood is
accomplishing. The article is written
by The- Calls specisi correspondent
from Havana. - "
TOYO KISJN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 d. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnc.
BS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. April 23th, ISM
ES. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. May lath. IJOO
BS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June 14th. 1900
Via Honolulu,
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market *t.. corner First.
17. H. AVERX. General ,Aj?nt-
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "MentlceUo.*"
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:13
a. m.: 1:15. 8:S0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 9:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. Z. Telephone Mala 1508.
FARE 50»
Music at the Spanish Church.
At the church of Xuestra Senora de
Guadalupe, Broadway, near Mason street,
a solemn religious, and musical service
will be held this morning. At 10 o'clock
i. ph mass will be celebrated by Rev.
Father Santandreu, and Rossini's "Stabat
Mater" will be rendered under the direc
tion of Professor S. Arrillaga. The artists
who will sing the solos are: Sopranos,
Mme. Guido Spitzy, Miss Clara Atkins;
contralto, Miss J. Sullivan; tenor, J. F.
Veaco; basso, A. Vargas. They will be
assisted -.by: Sopranos, Misses Acosta,
Camareno, Friedrich, " Perez, Domingos
and Abrego: contraltos. Misses Andrada,
Hartmann, Fltzpatrick, Cabazos; tenors,
Messrs. F. i-oaiza, C. E. Taylor, J. Cala
met, C. Bonino; bassos, Messrs. M. .F.
Rubanick. Bassford. Garay, Garcia, De
An "Aye Maria" (Verdi) will be rendered
by Mme. Guido Spitzy, with a violin obll
gato by J. Garay. Miss Elena Arrillaga
will preside at the organ. .
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA3STD
From Ep«:ar-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. a.
EADC £12 First Class - Including Berth
rfiilL $3 Second Class cud ileala.
BTATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
April •
COLUMBIA sails April S
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t Steamers leave Broadway
¦w. wharf. San Francisco:
fft^i-^ For Alaskan ports — 10 a, m..
V&&?*sfti. a p h1 J - »• n - 18 - 21 - W: iUv *•
frsv|*>Xn»s»». Change to company'! ateamers
S^^ftai'V^a For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
ri%<^C!l&l3dl C.) Port T-v.vnsend. Seattle.
•"^fcatS/IJrjpi Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
a ntl * s>w iVhatcom (Wash.)—
Hii jo a . m., April 1. 6 11. IS. 21,
28- May 1 and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry^ at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. M
For Eureka. Humfcoldt Bay-2 p. m. April 4.
9, 14. 19, 24, 29; May 4, and every fifth day tnere-
For Santa, Cruz. Monterey, Ean Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gajlota,
Santa Barbara Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
?2 ce A n pri p ii e r6. < 9L9 Lo i s 3. A im. B k a Si &7TC2
every' fourth day thereafter.
• For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obisro). Santa Barbara Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Ix* Angeles)— ll a. m..
April S. 7. 11. 13. 19. 23. 27; May 1. and eyery
fourth day thereafter.
• For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jnm» del
Cabo. Mazatlan. A'.tata. La Pat. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a, m., 7th of eacn
For "further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company 'reserve* th» right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without nrevious nntlce.
TICKET OKKIDK-4 New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. snn Francisco.
Time— 3-16, :is; 7-16. :42; oVif, 1:07. Bad start. Won first three- driving. Winner, M. Allman'*
eh. f., by Herald-Alasco. After Miss Rowena and Ella Boland had rai-ed themselves to a
standstill, Alas came on. Mountebank made a good showing. Scratched — Lady Britannic
114.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
BORN.
HODOKINSON— In this city, April 6, 1900, to
the wife of J. Hodgklnson, a son.
SMITH— In East Oakland, April 5. 1900. to the
wife cf G. S. Smith, a daughter.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Thursday. April 8. 1900.— Weather fine. Traclt fast.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
HOLBROOK— In this city, April 4. 1900. Herbert
Holbrook, beloved Bon of Mrs. George H.
Crosby, and brother of Dr. E. F. and George
S. Holbroolc and Mrs. W. H. Newell, a native
of San Francisco, aged 24 years and 3 months.
E7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Friday), at
1:30 o'clock, .at his late residence, 1724 Broad-
way. Interment private. ...
HOOPES— In this city, April 5. 1900. .Thomas
C. Hoopes.'a native of Pennsylvania, aged 81
years.
JL'UGENS— In this city, April 4. 1900, William
Jurgens. beloved brother of Mrs. A. C. Boy-
sen, Mrs. M. ' Tecklenburs and Mrs. M.
Backus, a native of Holstein. Germany, aged
5S years and 11 months.
lESTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. A. C. Boysen, 227. Fran-
clpco Ktreet. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LINDEMAN— In San Jose. April 5, ISOO. Isa-
dore, beloved husband of Nellie Lindeman,
and father of Pauline, Charles and Nathan
Lindeman. a native of Gollancz, Germany,
aged u0 years.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at the New Salem Ceme-
tery upon arrival of train from San Jose.
Take train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 11:30 o'clock sharp.
LUCAS— At St. Raphael's Church, San Rafael,
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, a
month's memory requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
John Lucas. Friends are respectfully invited
to attend.
LYONS— In this city, April 4, 1900. William H.,
beloved son of John and the late Mary Lyons,
and brother of Joseph and James Lyons and
the late Frances and Thomas Lyonß, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 7 months and
10 days. (Boston papers please copy.)
[CyFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 226 Clara street. Intermem Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
MULLER— In this city. April 4. 1900. Rudolph
F. Jr.. youngest and beloved t>on of Rudolph
and Sophie W. Muller, and brother of Lud-
wlg Muller. a native of San Francisco, aged
11 months and IS days.
(ET Friends "and acquaintances are respeot-,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. "Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, thence
to St. Paul's German Evangelical Lutheran
Church. 1419 Howard street, where services
will be held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURDOCK— In Oakland. April 6. 1900, John
W., Kon of William and Catherine Murdock.
and brother of Fred Murdock, Mrs. Charles
Lloyd Mrs. J. W. Harris and Mrs. Osgood,
a native of Rhode Island, aged 52 years 11
months and 23 days.
NEEDHAM— In the City and County Hospital.
April 5. 1900. Minnie Needham, a native of
California, aged 29 years.
NEVILLE— In this city, April 6, 1900, Dennis
11. Neville, a native of Boston, aged 37 years.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
NICHOLAS— In this city. April 4. 1900. Sarah
A beloved ¦ wife of Charles J. Nicholas,
mother of Corinne Nicholas, and daughter of
the late Eliza A. Lee, a native of Ports-
mouth, Va. (New Bedford papers please
copy.)
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 102 Bernard street, off Taylor, between
Paclnc and Broadway, thence to St. Brigid's
Church comer of Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, for services at 11 o'clock. Inter-
Iment Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
NIXON— In this city, April 4, 1900. James H.,
beloved son of Ann and the late James Nixon,
and brother of William R.. John and Joseph
Nixon, a native of New York, aged 41 years.
[tb"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother. 121S Vallejo street, thence to St.
Brigld'B Church for services at 2 o clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— At sea. November 21. ISS9. James
J O'Brien, beloved brother of Willie O'Brien
of lf!09 Oak street, a native of San Francisco,
tyA requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at St. Agnes Church.
Masonic avenue, to-morrow (Saturday), com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Friends are respect-
fully invited to attend.
PARKER-In this city, April 4, 1900. Elsl<»
Parker, dearly beloved daughter of 11. C. and
Cora Parker, sister of Raymond an-1 Cecil
Parker and granddaughter of Cecil and Olive
Drake," a native of San Francisco, aged 1
ypar 1 month and 29 days.
RASMUSSE>'-In this city. April 4. 1900. Mar-
jorie Caroline Rasmussen, beloved daughter of
the late Loula C. Rasmussen, niece of Mr.
and Mrs. George B. Taylor, and cousin of
Mabel and Lilian Taylor, a native of Chicago,
111., aced 15 -years 1 month and 15 days.
E^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Friday),
at 1-30 o'clock, at her late residence, 1006
Minna street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
SCHIMPF— In this city. April 4. 1900, Charles
Schimpf, beloved husband of Adline Mary
Se-hlmpf, and nephew of the late Gustave
Walters, a native of New Jersey, aged 31
years and 9 months. (Los Angeles and New
York papers please copy.)
(nyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Mrs. Josephine Walters, northwest corner of
Clayton and Frederick streets. Interment
Odd' Fellows' Cemetery.
SCHUMACHER— In Oakland. April 8. 1900,
Anna M.. beloved wife of John Schumacher,
a native of Germany, aged 75 years 8 months
and 2 days. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the Ger-
man Lutheran Zlon Church, corner of
Twelfth and Myrtle streets. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
SHIELDS— In this city, April I. 1900, James
H. Shields, beloved husband of Lizzie Shields,
a native of Philadelphia, aped 1 50 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 63(5 Washington street,
thence to St. Mary's Church, northeast cor-
ner of California and Dui>ont streets. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SIES— In this city. April 5. ISM, Philip, beloved
husband of Jeannette Sles. and father of
Louie. Adeline and the late Rose Sies. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 60 years 2 months and
22 days.
STOCKFORD— In this city, April 4. 1900, Cora
0.. beloved wife of A. D. Stockford, and
mother of Lulu B. Shannon and Walter W.
and Ralph W. Stockford. a native of Eden,
N. V.. aged 59 years 2 months and 23 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. Lulu B. Shannon, 1124
McAllister street. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, April 4, 1900, Mary
A., beloved daughter of Thomas and Alary
--Bulllvan, and sister of John, James, Thomas,
Frank, Eugene and the fate George Sullivan,
a native of Kan Francisco, aged 20 years 8
months and 10 days.
itTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from 22 Clipper
Btrret, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VAN GOUDON-GRUNIG — In Danville. April
5, 1900, Laurie Van Gordon Grunlg. beloved
wife of F. W. Grunlg, daughter of George
and Annie Van Gordon, and Bister of Mrs.
H. S. Kergan and G. Maurice Van Gordon,
aged 23 years. (San Joee and San Luis Obtspo
papers please copy.)
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WARD— In this city, April 4, 1900, William, be-
loved husband of Maria Ward, father of Wil-
liam, John, Hugh, Mary and Joseph Ward,
and brother of Hugh T. Ward, a native of the
parish of Laragan, County Galway, Ireland,
aged 76 years. '•
(DTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2930 Twenty-third street, thence to St.
Peter' b Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the renose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. . Interment Mount
Cal\-ary Cemetery.
WEINQARTEN— In this city, Anrll 3, 1900,
Carrie, beloved Infant daughter of Henry and
Jennie Weingarten, aged 10 months and 15
days.
WENZEL— In this city, April 6. 1900, Joseph
Wenzel, a native of Austria, aged 85 years.
[CT-FrJendß and acquaintances- are respect-
fully Invited to attend the /uneral this -day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlore of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
WILSON— At his residence. Fifth avenue, be-
tween I and J streets south, March 4, 1900,
Joseph 11. Wilson, beloved husband ol Emma
F. Wilson, a native of Bradford, Yorkshire;
England, aged 56 years 1 month and 3 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 3 o'clock, at crema-
tory char.el of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Cre-
mation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. •_ - . "
WINTER— In this city. April 1. 1900. James
W. Winter, late a member of California
Ix>dge No. l; I. O. O. F., Golden Gate En-
campment No. 1, 1.0. O. F., and Canton. San
Francisco No. 5. I. O. O. F., a native of New
York, aged 82 years.
lC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 8, at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fellows'
building, corner Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No
1. I. O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery- Remains at the funeral carlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 26C6 Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple.
ZSCHIERCHE— In this city. April 6. 1900. at
her residence. 3649 Twenty-third street.' n»ar
Fair Oaks. Margarethe, dearly beloved wife
of Chrlotlan Zschlesche, and mother of. Mrs.
H. Vanderveen, a native of Hanox-er, Ger-
many, aged T4 years 11 months and 2 days.
THE SAX FRAXCISGO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1900.
pP^TvißiiiS The Watchdog for tho Goldf/cltJs.
I /y J&.^iiiilii !t k ites w hen it barks. It will protect your claim
Winchester
%ffl!!yl' v - Ammunition
fc3&fs£||w^2ra|wW Always reliable, sold everywhere, Send name and
llifet^Plllljt^J ac^ ress on a P o^ caf d for 160-page Illustrated
'^^^j V Winchester Repeating Arms Co., j
jfSR&tEz LJ 4 l & Market St., San Francisco, Cal. JtZS&k
1043. FIRST RACE— One mile; sellinsr; maidens; four-year-olds and upward; purs*. $3CO.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Califor-
nia, room 229 Crocker building. Ban Francisco,
Cal., April 6, 1900— Coupon due April 12. 1900.
from flrst mortgage six (f) per cent bonds of
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be paid at the fiscal agency of this company,
the Crocker-Woolworth National Bank, on
and after that date.
S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder. Com-
pany Con.— A dividend (No. 16) of seventy-
Jive (75c) cents per share on the Issued cap-
ital stock of the company has been deolared.
payable at the office of the company. 430 Cal-
ifornia St., San Francisco, on April 10, 1300.
Transfer books close April 3, 1900, at noon.
A. A. SPARKB. Secretary.
Time— X, :25H: hi. :50; %, 1:13U: mile, 1:4114. Oood start. Won first three driving. Winner,
M. J. Daly's b. g.. by Flatiands-Llzzie M. Poorlands stayed to-day. Henry C bothered
some In stretch. My Pear badly ridden.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
! Prospero Baclgalupl, 31. 1407 Kearny etreet,
and Glsella GianDolinl, 17, 514 Filbert street.
Henry Friedman, 3K, 1956 Rush street, and
Deborah Eisner, 23. 730 Devieadero street.
Jose B. Neve*, 27, San Mateo. and Mary G.
Jarinta, IS. San Mateo. .
Dominlco Sarubbl. 25, 14 Pollard place, and
Maria G. Belloni, 20, 1324 Kearny street. -
Melville E. Rumwell. 26, city, and Myrtle W.
Arnold. 21. city.
Albert Fornerls. 2C. 623 Green Etre«t, and
Malvlna Criml. 29, 626 Vallejo street.
1044. SECOND RACE— One mile: selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse. JC3O.
Time— s4. :25H: H, :4S>H: K. 1:15: mile. 1:42. Good start. Won ea.«ily. second and third driv
ing. Winner. G. Summers' b. m., by Torso- Bertie W. Torslna turned a somersault at th»
price. Ulm ran well, poorly handled. Mis* Soak quit. Scratched — Vt. Marks 122.
1«4«. FOURTH RACE— MiIe and an tighth; match race; $."m) a side. J7OO added.,
Time— ii, :12; •£. :36; %. 1:00; T ». 1:26; mile. I:S9» 4 : Vim. 1:52%. Go<xl start, won la a
" gallop. Winner. Carruthers & Shields' eh. g., by Imp. Great Tom-Nellie Van. Race run
Just to suit tho winner.
1047. FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; selling; two-year-old colts and geldings; purse, $400.
rime — V». :12'i: V,. :36^i; »». 1:02. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Win
ner, Alametla PtaMe'a eh. g., by Rousseau-La Retna. Winner had been ailing, so reported;
he ought to do well when fully recovered. Bernola cut off In stretch. Chieftain Is lmprov
inc.
itMS. SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward: purse, *400.
Time— Vi. :25; H. :4i»'-^: %. 1:14*4: mile, IMO. O.x>d start. Won easily, second and third driv
ing. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'a b. c. by Imp. St. Andrew-Hot Spring. Galloo for
winner. Arbaces sour and no speed. -
PERSONALS.
CB£B'6 wulntonicaThairTo^rp" i« *'.^T
...ry beccfletal; 3£, c bottle- PoiSno^him"
• ••'¦» **«¦' <*
EREK. the popular hairdresser has only
rj newest styles; lie; thu wiekoSly »i
hol stores for curling irons. Ucto 4dc- a'
.*-. fwitrhw. a £3. U3 Stockton^ *
::-::P or waved hair can be quickly obi
'-.;¦ b5«l" c Talcott "« CntiJaS p!uW; »
L, E-KGE*- l «« matron of Ger-
¦¦ rt tim*. Wm. Osterhold. Fan MatlS.
-NT. Fuit to order JlO To. or pants $3 75- our
_;'^ ' t! Us n £ * th - P re P- One-price Tailor-
rlßS <0.. l^. Kearny. near Pacto ¦ also ifii
¦-un st.. under St. NlchoU, ' aUo I£U
ZFiPJigS' t ln "••T Winchester'
'' ' iJrT^ rd Bt - n ** r M »rket: 10!) rooms-
•o Jl 60 r-r night: Jl co to *« per week :
-e» bus and barcage to and t rom \he feVr>-;
¦^".V-T r , h<>uma VBrV 8rn ' he««»-ohes. '^u":
rule I*.1 *. «>1 rain leaves like marie fr-.m h*r
>Merfully gifted hands. »« How.tTsE
: VNT'S second-hand clothing etore. 79 Ninth-
• value Flven Jor ladi-s'. rhll<Ws CMt-cff
-hmg. tn:r.ks. etc. Phone. Howard US!
m wU»t ftlM value for your cast-off cloth-
c c»:i en B Cohen, is: Third: tel. Black 412 a.
:s* and cents' rast-orr clothing bought and
¦.. Silvcrmpn. I'M FoUom: tcl. Fol"om usi
* * H. M H FIN r MAN, in? fansome et.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEON^
»•-.- Market St.. het. «Uth B nl Seventh
1 :a^ £ E * T^Tg- ::; ciTY~Foat; sale.
H KAP LOT ON" BKANNAn'stREET^
North eide. between Fifth and Slxth,
.3 feet frunt by 111 f w dccl)
Only 16000. °-
THOMAS MAGEE & BONB
Rpal Estate Acents
o^Montgcraery Street.
¦ ''; I -" c^T.h' ew »,. 9 l rooi^~*^ tGry house : lot
-x.'. »Kh chicken-house, etc.; suitable !
: r.f.-.t; muM h* «old: rr.ake an offer; 12000 !
.'_l!»_gH A -rmrRNE. tie Saerarcrnto tt.
>~; have lots in Richmond district, north cf
• SACRIFICE: forecl^ure: 4 flats: cor-
H 4. x.n:6: improvements; brick; rents
;; T ".T: : l Th: Francisco «t.. near Stockton.
aic< 'JLGA>. .4 Montgomery St.. room 3. '
E you real estate In the Missic^T or Hor-
• 1 Aflditlcn that you wish to* dispose cf
-¦ rail rr. W. J GUNN. TUP California st.
EAFEjST and be« !n America— The Weekly
1C pege», sent to any address in the
r.itfg States. r°?tpa'.d. for Jl per year.
T !>• sold: store arid «at: SE. ror. Marl-
¦a f.r-1 Florida, near Bryant. S»e owner.
HKAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
,•• "•¦T i «rr*F fine soil, half a mile Tram CtA*
••*. aV.ut ? blocks from <-lertrl<- cars- part
¦ a>h if desired: a bargain. 445 Valencia Ft.,
HAKLKS WILLMOTT. # Sl6 Market Ft..
ALTA PUNT A Tract, Pan PablcTave.. 3 miles {
nrrth of Berkeley, near Santa Fe railroad;
valley land fey the acr«\ Sisfi to 12^0. Call for!
rrar*. etc.. on O. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. St.
.' W. HORN. Sl2 Main «.. Petaluma: real es-
and thorou«rhbr»d Belgian harM. Send
icr Tree list cf Sonoma County bargains.
FARMS and city realty to *r\\ or ex'-hange.
M GRIFFIN. 7U Market, near Call bldg.
FOR «=ale rr excharre— 4s »rres 4 miles from!
N*r* R. HOCKEN. Napa.
... . !
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
MARIAN GRIFFIN, TIS Market, nr. Call bid*.. |
wants city rrr>r»rty in for farms, j
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2C23 — Sunny parlore or rooms for j
light housekeeping; g»s range; reasonable.
XI'KY. 917— Very pleasant and connecting house- I
keeping rooms; splendid location: prlv. res.
nmt, 24S — Suite of rooms for housekeeping; j
r»-nt ch^af. I
TILLVORE. 2212, near Clay— Three unfurnished :
rocms, $10; also 2 unfurnished rooms, J7.
FOLBOM. 7764—2 neatly furnished connecting !
rooms t<yr housekeeping; rent reasonable.
•GREEN. Ifl— lJferee sunny connecting room*; I
• nfatly furr.lshed: tmnny yard: quiet place: 110. ¦
HOWARD, f.25 — Two or three rooms, furr.lshed
oornjiiote for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 7€l ! i— Nicely furnished bay-wlr.dow ;
KUite; kitchen; man and wife; others. - j
HOWARD. II2S. bet. 7th and feth— Two sunny',
r rmttl IfHriC Momj In private family. I
HYDE. 4* — Sur.r.y front tulte. complete for j
housekeeping ; sreund floor; 116. !
JEKSIB. 373. near Fifth and Market— House- '
ketjMr.g ror.ms: 110. I
MARKET. I2Q. over ?Jor.arch Shoe Store— Fur- ;
• lebed hous^keerirp r«"'orns; also single rooms. !
MISSION, Reft— 3 or 3 Fur.ny rooms furnished '.
complete for housekeeping. I
MISSION. P4">— Front room and kitrhen, com-
:.!<¦-!<> for houg^kweplng. |
ilOdS, :2. off Howard, near Seventh— 2 rooms, i
cocsiAetelr furnished for hcusrtteeplr.g. I
JfIKTH. JO, near Market— Front bay-window i
Fuitf. WZ: 2 sunny connectlnK rooms, J10; ga.s, .
wacr, «^*'V»-. . j
OAK, 11*— 1 nmqr front -room; furnli>*^d for
bousftkeeptsc for 1 or 2 persons: jr..
POST. r,c;— 3 lartte rooms for housekeeping: rent
jTiST. 9C2 — Sunny furnished or unfurn»hed !
housekeeping rooms; also other rocms. j
EEOOND. 212— Furn'.shr-a housekeeping rooms; t
i.so single rooms; ciean 'and retpectable; rea- !
¦ onsfcle. |
THIRD. Si I *— Or.? large front room, complete!
inr h'-us^kecplng: v r.t "f7 month.
CIJ^SSIFIED advertisements and subscriptloris
received at Cal! branch cfflce, 2200 Fjllmore. j
A BRANCH otOec for the reception of adver- |
tlsen-.(?it« ar.d eubscrirtions ba« beea opened |
c; lli3 Polk rt.; open until 9 p. m. j
A BRANCH office for Ca!l advertisement* and '
r?jbFcr!rti^«e r.as be^n established at 10M !
Vayr"-i« *t. i
BOOMS 1<» LET Kara, and I'nfarn. j
A— TWO large rooms, kitchen and bodrnom. !
r'.ir.r-lPte for housekeeping: H <*0 per ww>k, J6 |
pet nsTith. App'y at shcestore, i.62 Mission i
!-•.. bet. FiiTt and Sec<-/id.
A- iII'.L'NSWICK UUL'EK, 144 Sixth— Room* '
t&o to SI per night ; Jl 2S to Jo per week, nui
light hou?ekeeplng; open all night.
AN elegantly furniahed front alcove room,
tath adjoining; marine view; ealtable for 1 or
* pt-K'iemen Kt> California et.. nr. Powell.
A — "THE ELMEK HOUSE." 224 Hush Et.. ad-
jolr.lng- the Hum Hotel; it rooms; ttli prices.
BOHEMIA. 239 Port rt., cor. Stockton— Sunny
pewner euite and single rocms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all convenience*.
BURNETT. 1426 Market Et. (old No. 13M»— Fur-
nlehed rtri«.. ou'.t/es, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA 7&i <Et. Peter's Hou«e>— New
bouse, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms. I
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, oor. Golden Oate j
a^ fc . — sunny corner: wyll furn.; nm. £c efflceg. j
ELEGANT furnit.hed rocrns. single aad ea {
mile; dining room connected. Cai- :
ifornia ar.d Hyde ftrects. |
FOLSOM. 9€5. ccrner Sixth <The Oliver)— Sunny I
furnished rocms: M3it»-a cr elnrle: new mpnt.
FOURTH. 2224— Nicely furniFhed bay-w:ndow
a.id e ingle room*; reasonable; qui^t.
CEAJIT. 405 <Tbe Navarre)— Elegantly rurnlsh-
eC roome :euites or single; travelers accom.
GRAND SOUTHERN, eoutheaat corner Seventh
ar.d Mission rts.— Sunry rooms, en sul'e or
Flr.gle; ladl»^' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 21 'Th* Wellington)— A family
rooming house; by day. wck or month.
HANCOCK nOUSE. 781 Mission et.— Select
family rocminit house; SI M to J6 per week.
HARRISON. 764V4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
r.ltihed nuriny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; Jl * week up.
iffiWARD. S2>— Uoocis from Jl week up to J5.
2ic to (1 right: aUo houeekeeping romoi.
JONES SC&— Newly furnished rooms; single or
«n Fu':te: gas: b*th: private.
KINNa" 667. corner Eighth-New furnished bay
window room, Jl per week: transient.
KIEgION. JJTA <Avoca Hou»e)-New: newly
terrtSrti rent j-easonafclc. FLICK. Prop.
MISSION^ 11C1— V. three unfurnished front
rooms: gunny. •
LEAVENH'ORTH. 1121— Furnished or unfur-
nished ro<yji»i to let^ •
NINTH, ir/>— Runny furnished rooms to let;
with cr without board.
O FARRELL. 20-Sunny furnished rooms and
o:0cm; elevator: electric Ilighti: day, wit., roo.
ORLANPO House. 98S Howard, cor. Sixth—
tunny rooms; prices to Fult; open Right.
O'FARHELL. UO—Z «unny fumUbed rooms lor
TO LET — Pom. and Cnfnrn.
POST. 239. corner Stockton— ThTflnest 'furnished
transient rooms for tourists In the city; first
noor; hot and cold water; elevator. "
POWELL, 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House, Sl9 & S2l Ellis tt^Roomi,
night. 25c to SI: week. II 25 to J4: open night.
ROT AL HOUSE. K6 Ellis et.— lncandescent
light, reading room, crooking room and ladles'
Parlor: rooms, per night. 33c to $1 CO: week. S3
to JS; month. ;g to 120; elevator on of nee floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths. ..•¦--
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor et., near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
*ea baths; suites and single rooms. £••"?'--*;
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
ntar Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
ST MARY'S, 7, off Pine, near Kearny— Fur-
_nlshed rooms; funny; $2 por month.
STOCKTON, 12 (over Pup Rotisserie)— Nicely
furnished rooms from til to $30.
¦ 1S3 — Unfurnished sunny rooms and
bath; In good condition; reasonable rent.
THE OAKS, 113 Third— A Rood rooming house
for good people. R. HrGHES. Proprietor.
TI'RK. 126— Furnished room suitable Tor a gen-
tleman; tj^per month.
TT'RK. J23— Sunny Single room: use of bath;
private family.
VAN NESS. lOl— Corner eunny front suite;
oath, pag. phone: everything new; rent reas.
A BRANCH office for Call. advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
% alencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A— FIRST-Cl^SS^mTir^teTTTl^'BTadbury]
nice runny bay-window rooms: nrst-class
table: prices moderate; 2 oar lines pass hotel;
Heritor: telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
ft.. cnrncT Polk, near Van Ness aye.
NEW family hotel; flrst class In all appotnt-
ir.ente; excellent table: special inducements to
•elect people. K>7 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
A— HOTEL La Normandie. 32« Eddy— Sunny
rult^s and single rooms; everything new; flrst-
clage table and service: prices moderate.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms: superior board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable.
•ELEGANT Fulte of rooms, bath; gentleman
preferred ; board if desired. f>7S Geary st.
HOTEL SALISBVRY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market ft.— Suite of 2 or 3
rres.: private: bath: «ln. rms.: board optional.
NICELY furnl«he<l sunny rooms, with or with-
out board; $20 up. 7<2 O'Farrell Et.
VAN NHSB aye.. 5« (The Wallace)— Rooms
and board: furnished and unfurnished: 120 up.
3 I«ARGE sunny front rooms, with or without
board: home comforts. 414 Buchana.n st.
nOO>IS WANTED.
¦WANTED— By married couple, boy 8. two fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; private family.
Address box 3799, Call office.
WANTED— Larpe unfurnished room, north or
south of Mirket, near Jones. Address box
C. Sr>o Hay<^ Ft.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
citr or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mrniteomcry St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from J3: whitened. 11 up:
painting done Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Thir.l.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Asrency.l4s 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrir.g at lowogt rates. 2"5 Fourth tt.
STOIIAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Poet St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
. . — ,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore et. : 'phone Jackson 281.
BEKIXP Van and Storage Co.. 1840 Market St.:
' tel. Pouth SS3: pa^kinc. mnvtne and storage.
SUMMER RESORTS.
PRIVATE family In Belvedere will accommo-
date a married couple mo children) during
the summer months. Box 3026. Call office.
TO LEASE.
TO Lease— All or part of -acant property: 95x
l«0: en Mission st.. near Fifteenth; will build
light Ktructure Owner, bor 2109. Call.
ALAMEDA, ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
j<r^KV_ ELEGANT home of 9 rooms on Grand St.;
In a park-Ilk* neighborhood: all modern Im-
provements: near station and school:. thle is a
great opportunity, as owner is going to Eu-
rope. Call or address H. P. MOREAL * CO..
14"2 Park St.. Al?meda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. .
FINE hous" of s rooms, fully furnished, for
rem. MASON & McLENATHEN. adjoining
PoFtoffW. B<"rko]ov station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
fr • _
WELL-BUILT, attractive house: choice neigh-
borhood; central Oakland; 10 rooms; sunny
corner; lot 40 by 125 feet: near station; $4500;
part cash. Owner, box 2742. <'all office.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
FOR rent— Just completed; a 9 and 7 roomed
fiat; 2<» feft from Oak-Ftr^et station; facing
Oak-Ft Park; the most modern and complete
ever built in Oakland. Inquire J. CONANT,
10S5 Bro&dway. Oakland, or on premises Sun-
da/: telephone Vale 542.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALcJ.
AN «ntroductlon to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture deal»r. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice — Wlttram Propeller Com-
pany office and principal place of business,
226 Market St.. Fan Francisco.
Notice la hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held en the 9th day of
March. ISOO. an assessment (No. g) of three.
(."I cents per share was levied upon the capi-
tal etock of the corporation, payable Imme-
diately In TTnlted States gold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the Ilth day of April, 1900.
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at '
public auction, and unless payment Is made
before, will be sold on the 28th day of April,
ISOO, to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expense*
of sale. By order of the Board of Directors.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secretary.
22« Market St.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
OTR^incXTE~^OF~^POPARTNERSHIP— SUte
of California, city and county of San Fran-
circo les.]. .
We. the undersigned, do hereby certify that
w<? are iiartners transacting business in eald
Ftsite. at the city and county of Ban Fran-
cisco, under the firm name and style of
DOMESTIC LAUNDRY; that the names in
full of ali the members of ruch partnership
are Oeorge Schlndele. H. D. Morris and Jo-
seph H. Currier, and that the places of our
respective residences are f*t opposite our re-
rpective r.amee hereto subscribed.
In witness whereof we have hereunto set our
hands this 3d day of March. 1800.
GEORGE SCHINDELE, p!sy:e of residence,
city and cour.ty of Kan Francisco, State of
California.
JOSEPH H. CURRIBR, place of residence,
city an<l county of San Francisco. State of
California.
H. D. MORRIS, place of residence, city and
cour.ty of Han Francisco. State of California.
State of California, city and county of San
Francisco (*.«.]
On this 6th day of March, in the year one
thousand nine hundred, before me, GEORGE
F. HATTON. a notary public In and for
fald city and county, residing therein, duly
commissioned and sworn, personally appeared
GEOKGE SCHINDELE, ¦-¦--. ;..-,
JOSEPH H. CUHRIER and
H. D. MORRIS,
known to me to be the persons whose names,
are subscribed to the within instrument, and
acknowledged that they executed the same.
[Seal.]
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal at my office
In the city and county of San Francisco, tho
day and year last above written.
GEORGE F. HATTON, Notary Public In
and for the city and county of San Ftancisco,
fjtat* of California. ¦ . " .-'; ;
jjj PROPOSALS.
UNITED States. Engineer. Office, Flood'bulld-
ing Pan Francisco. Cal. April 3. l&C-fl.— Sealed
proposals for dredging In Alvlso Harbor. Cal.,-
will b« received here until 12 noon. May 3.
lJtno Information on application. W. H.
UKVZIi, Lieutenant Colonel Engineers,
1040. SEVENTH RACE— MiIe and an eighth; Plnkerton Hand'cp: 3-year-oMs un: rurae. tznfi
Time— V*. :12»i: 9». :37>4; «i. l:0!Pi; %, 1:28: mile. 1:40; l'4m, 1:53. Good start. Won easily,
second an.l third driving. Winner, William Boots & Son's b. c by Imp. Brutus-Constella
tion. Conatellator nicely ridden. Rosormonde shewed marked improvement. Topmast fin
ished gamely. Opponent and Horton probably outclassed. Scratched— lmp. Clor.sllla 37.
Judge and lawyer Clash.
Ernest Graves, the ¦well-known lawyer
of San Luis Oblspo. is again In troubls
with the courts of that county. Last
Tuesday he gave offense to Judjre E. P.
Unangst. for which he was fined $50. This
caused him, after court .had adjourned, to
say some unpleasant things about the
Judge, who. upon hearing of it, imposed
an additional fine of $200, which Graves
refused to pay. In consequence he was
sent to jail, and yesterday he appealed to
the Supreme Court for a writ of habeas
corpus. It was granted and made return
able on Saturday morning.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived April 5 Scfcr C
H Merchant, hence March 2J.
EUREKA— PaIIed Asril 5— Stirr North Fork.
for San Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro.
Arrived April 5— Stmr Pomona, hence April 4
Launched April S— Star Name City
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April S— Ptmr St Irene.
from Pr rtlnnd. Or. for Hongkong.
tWK»i!zS23« Mlls v!a Honolulu tad
Cm Auckland for Sydney
« -^ Wednesday. April 13.
O+j' V a at * D - ni.
rtlralilSlliD^ Th * s - 3 - Austral!*
C^J«v»hii •*"* for Honolulu
JOiDyfllZW- " n *«ln<'s<l;»y. May 1.
1300. at 2 d. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.; ?M3 first class.
.. D. SP*£CK£LS * JHCj. CO.. -gts., U4 Montgomn
Pier 7. Fact Pacific St Frsiahf Office. 327 Market St
COMPAQ!.' IE 6ENESALS TRA.VSATLA.ITIJUE.
DIRECT LINE TO 'HAVRE-PARIS.
SalJlng every Thursday Instead of "CSfiiXS
Saturday, from November 2. 1539. at -3** ?*?
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot Of
Morton st. : LA BRETACTNE. April 5; L'AQUI-
TAINE. April 12; LA OASCOGNE. April 1»:
LA TOURAINE. »Aprll 2S. First claas to
Havre, $60 and upward;. 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second cla«a to Havre. *».">; S
1»«T cent reduction on round trio. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3 AND CAN-
ADA, n Broadway (Hudson building). New
Terk. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Ajrontn. S Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.. f
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMEB3.
- t» Fifth it., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. -
11
:ndex. Horse. Agc.JWeight. Ul_
1025 Poorlands, 4 ..1031 1
1025 Henry C. 6 no 4
1025 Llzzella, 5 ids' 5
1025 My Dear 4 l0l( 6
1022 Ledaea, 4 101H1
893 Fiero. 4 103il0
1025 Chispa, 4 loil 7
996 Hannah Reid. 4 101 9
1025 Master Lee, 4 107 3
1016 Bly. 4 ....103! 8
.... FUambeauette, 5....105j 2
Vi^
11
3 1
"*7 2
9 4
10 \,
4 h
U Vi
8 h
12
5H
%_
1 2
3 2
2 4
8H
8 I
7 h
5 H
4 h
11
9 h
10 Vi
\
1 2
2 1
3 3
6 V*
8 2
6 1
4 1
» H
10 1
11
Str.
Fln^
l«i
2 1
3 15
4 h
5 1
- h
S 1
» 4
10 1
11
i
J. I
iHea
Bcz,
!Mor
JTVai
Hei;
U'an
I Has
Gol>
I Mot
!A!3.
J>
Ds
nr
:ei
r»'
its
in'
ir.
ld<
ur
'ockey.
aly
ry
¦man ..
se
nright
ison ...
3*ll ....
'inger .
,en .....
nee ...,
¦s
.... 5-"a
i
g
8
.... 15
S»
20
i
.... 8
30
15
7-
5
:i
r-
>-
i
h
z
4
1
1
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jst.
Vi
H
%
Str.
J°Pu-
_Cl.
1032 Torsina. a 1201 1
101* Croker, 4 Ill) 2
1019 Los Prietos. 6 122! S
10C3 TJlm, 4 lIS 4
996 Miss Soak. 5 113| 3
1019 Ace. a 122[10
1032 Kelna d» Cuba, 4..1W! 7
910 Uncle True. 5 .115 11
660 Vinctora. 4 -. 109 9
1025 Mllo Melo. 4 11l 5
.... Flarfdes. 5 125 6
1 1
5 H
7 n
9 1
61
8 1
4 h
10 fe
11
3 h
6 h
1 2
4 1
7 h
2 Vi
6 1
3 h
9 V, .
U
8 h
10 i
1 4
6 1
4 1
10 1
2 1
6 h
3 h
i S 2
n
7 5
9 2
14
S 4
4 2
5 2
5 h
8 2 -
6 2
7 S
9 1
10 2
11
I!
1
13
2 h
3 3
4 4
5 S
« :
7 1
S 4
9 2
! ¦ 3
11
A
F
11
Id
J.
[L
A
•H
¦W
B
'J.
•'aur
t«-!n
Amn
f. pi
Joy
•Van
lose
r. w
¦a
ntleroy
ison ..
nee ...
laJy
rd
cander
ry
n right
.
Voods..
. 10
. s
. 6
S
6
8
. 10
. 3-3
8
6
(
%
I
7-2
30
12
12
7-2
la
so
Index. Horse. Age. Weight, jst.
hi
4
»t» t
Str.
1036 Alas. 3 99! 4
S3l Ella Boland. 3 99 3
1011 Miss Rowena, 6... .114 1
1033 Mountebank. 3 101 1 3
954 May Gertrude, 3 99 7
1035 Esplrando. 5 116 5
857 Skirmish. 5 114(10
1011 Silver Maid, 6 114 «
976 Norford. 3 104 !•
407 Bill Howard, a 116! S
647 Susden, 4 113! Left
4 2
3 3
1 4
3 2
a 2
5 4
8 3
7 2
9tt
10
5 4
2 4
1 n
3 2
6 3
S 2
T Vi
9
10
* M
1 h
2 2
3 2
S 1
f. 1
7 2
8 3
9 2
10
X
2
3
4
5
6
7
S
9
li>
1
4
I
h
5
3
6
4
jMo
;IIe:
|H.
! Ha.'
IBui
k 1
ifJaj
Ale
nr
B
id
R
.r.r
BS
r«
1
>»
I
!
• i
r
jut
idex. Horse.
_Age
We
ght.lSt.
_J*__
%
*»
<!
•oKey.
10
My) Advanci
f*l*2 AnHris.i
•c
Gut
ar>
..100! 2
2
1 1
2
1 4
2
1
IVi "
i
• 2
I 4
a»2 An<)r;^.i
.jridex. Horse.
~K3 Diderot
991 Parsifal
100S Andrattus ...
1027) Bernota
...1
..1
..1
..1
it.|St.
iiTTj'6
106 1
11')! 5
11.1 4
.*
H
1 a
B 3
2 tf
3 h
fi
1 i
4 2
2 H
Z 1
!
st
1
3
\
1020 Montana Chic
1001 Illilouon
V 77 Immodell
eftal
110 3
no 2
110| 7
6 2
4 2
S h
5
6
4
1
>
i
1«27 Thornwild ...
S 3
g
(
2->
lOul Mafekinir .'..,
107! 9
9
ndex. Hor
1017) VesiTi
101S Lnthi
1034 Bath'
1<O) Arba<
I<W> La B
W,S Casdr
v!
ia
O!
ICI
?o
pe. Age.
lan. 5...
an, 4
»s. S
•es. 5
Drsia, S..
If. 4
We
eight. |
li*>!
103'
94 1
....1151
.... 3l!
....103!
I St.
1.1
1 4
S
! 3
! 2
H
3 2
4 3
1 h
6
5 3
2 3
H
JH
4 3
1 n
S
5 1
3 1
1
1
o
I
4
%
I 1
! 1»
! M
•• h
I n
'»4
i
I
Str
1 1
3 1
2 t!
5 1
4 \
I
1
l»i
h
1 *
¦-F1
1
¦
i
4
5
I
ln._
5
4
1
3
12
1 He
I. :
jMo
B?
Air
Jx'kfy.
snry ....
Pow«»ll..
junce ...
srgott ...
Daly....
ne*
Ipp.
::::::U
3
I
0
a
_ci.
4'
1>
Si
im
If:
Il*.I 1 *.
in:
10!
ilex.
109
ISO
r<;>
00
:. M orse. _A ge^ >
Constellator, 3.
Rosormonde, 5.
Topmast, a
Opponent, 6.....
Horton, 4
\\ c
(777.
eipi
:n
.1
'.V
Ml 3
107 1
113 1 7
'.'¦• 4
105! 5
2 1
1 1
4 3
3 3
5^4 .
2 1 •
12
4 8
3 H
, 4 1
*i
•31
1 2
3 4
4 3
" 5
titi^
ill
2 1
8 h
4 3
5 6
_* in. |
2** p
3 1 I
4 4 I
510 1
_ J
Ran<
A me
Hem
nass
?
C
«
7
7
¦2
114
Tom Calvert, 5.
Alvpro a
87 !
89 «
C 5
«
5 5
Da
StlL
I.TJ-t
Index. Horse. Age. Weight, jst.
hi
4
»t» t
Str.
1036 Alas. 3 99! 4
S3l Ella Boland. 3 99 3
1011 Miss Rowena, 6... .114 1
1033 Mountebank. 3 101 1 3
954 May Gertrude, 3 99 7
1035 Esplrando. 5 116 5
857 Skirmish. 5 114(10
1011 Silver Maid, 6 114 «
976 Norford. 3 104 !•
407 Bill Howard, a 116! S
647 Susden, 4 113! Left
4 2
3 3
1 4
3 2
a 2
5 4
8 3
7 2
9tt
10
5 4
2 4
1 n
3 2
6 3
S 2
T Vi
9
10
* M
1 h
2 2
3 2
S 1
f. 1
7 2
8 3
9 2
10
X
2
3
4
5
6
7
S
9
li>
1
4
I
h
5
3
6
4
jMo
;IIe:
|H.
! Ha.'
IBui
k 1
ifJaj
Ale
nr
B
id
R
.r.r
BS
r«
1
>»
I
!
• i
:ndex. Horse. Agc.JWeight. Ul_
1025 Poorlands, 4 ..1031 1
1025 Henry C. 6 no 4
1025 Llzzella, 5 ids' 5
1025 My Dear 4 l0l( 6
1022 Ledaea, 4 101H1
893 Fiero. 4 103il0
1025 Chispa, 4 loil 7
996 Hannah Reid. 4 101 9
1025 Master Lee, 4 107 3
1016 Bly. 4 ....103! 8
.... FUambeauette, 5....105j 2
Vi^
11
3 1
"*7 2
9 4
10 \,
4 h
U Vi
8 h
12
5H
%_
1 2
3 2
2 4
8H
8 I
7 h
5 H
4 h
11
9 h
10 Vi
\
1 2
2 1
3 3
6 V*
8 2
6 1
4 1
» H
10 1
11
Str.
Fln^
l«i
2 1
3 15
4 h
5 1
- h
S 1
» 4
10 1
11
i
J. I
iHea
Bcz,
!Mor
JTVai
Hei;
U'an
I Has
Gol>
I Mot
!A!3.
J>
Ds
nr
:ei
r»'
its
in'
ir.
ld<
ur
'ockey.
aly
ry
¦man ..
se
nright
ison ...
3*ll ....
'inger .
,en .....
nee ...,
¦s
.... 5-"a
i
g
8
.... 15
S»
20
i
.... 8
30
15
7-
5
:i
r-
>-
i
h
z
4
1
1
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jst.
Vi
H
%
Str.
J°Pu-
_Cl.
1032 Torsina. a 1201 1
101* Croker, 4 Ill) 2
1019 Los Prietos. 6 122! S
10C3 TJlm, 4 lIS 4
996 Miss Soak. 5 113| 3
1019 Ace. a 122[10
1032 Kelna d» Cuba, 4..1W! 7
910 Uncle True. 5 .115 11
660 Vinctora. 4 -. 109 9
1025 Mllo Melo. 4 11l 5
.... Flarfdes. 5 125 6
1 1
5 H
7 n
9 1
61
8 1
4 h
10 fe
11
3 h
6 h
1 2
4 1
7 h
2 Vi
6 1
3 h
9 V, .
U
8 h
10 i
1 4
6 1
4 1
10 1
2 1
6 h
3 h
i S 2
n
7 5
9 2
14
S 4
4 2
5 2
5 h
8 2 -
6 2
7 S
9 1
10 2
11
I!
1
13
2 h
3 3
4 4
5 S
« :
7 1
S 4
9 2
! ¦ 3
11
A
F
11
Id
J.
[L
A
•H
¦W
B
'J.
•'aur
t«-!n
Amn
f. pi
Joy
•Van
lose
r. w
¦a
ntleroy
ison ..
nee ...
laJy
rd
cander
ry
n right
.
Voods..
. 10
. s
. 6
S
6
8
. 10
. 3-3
8
6
(
%
I
7-2
30
12
12
7-2
la
so
r
jut
idex. Horse.
_Age
We
ght.lSt.
_J*__
%
*»
<!
•oKey.
10
My) Advanci
f*l*2 AnHris.i
•c
Gut
ar>
..100! 2
2
1 1
2
1 4
2
1
IVi "
i
• 2
I 4
a»2 An<)r;^.i
.jridex. Horse.
~K3 Diderot
991 Parsifal
100S Andrattus ...
1027) Bernota
...1
..1
..1
..1
it.|St.
iiTTj'6
106 1
11')! 5
11.1 4
.*
H
1 a
B 3
2 tf
3 h
fi
1 i
4 2
2 H
Z 1
!
st
1
3
\
1020 Montana Chic
1001 Illilouon
V 77 Immodell
eftal
110 3
no 2
110| 7
6 2
4 2
S h
5
6
4
1
>
i
1«27 Thornwild ...
S 3
g
(
2->
lOul Mafekinir .'..,
107! 9
9
ndex. Hor
1017) VesiTi
101S Lnthi
1034 Bath'
1<O) Arba<
I<W> La B
W,S Casdr
v!
ia
O!
ICI
?o
pe. Age.
lan. 5...
an, 4
»s. S
•es. 5
Drsia, S..
If. 4
We
eight. |
li*>!
103'
94 1
....1151
.... 3l!
....103!
I St.
1.1
1 4
S
! 3
! 2
H
3 2
4 3
1 h
6
5 3
2 3
H
JH
4 3
1 n
S
5 1
3 1
1
1
o
I
4
%
I 1
! 1»
! M
•• h
I n
'»4
i
I
Str
1 1
3 1
2 t!
5 1
4 \
I
1
l»i
h
1 *
¦-F1
1
¦
i
4
5
I
ln._
5
4
1
3
12
1 He
I. :
jMo
B?
Air
Jx'kfy.
snry ....
Pow«»ll..
junce ...
srgott ...
Daly....
ne*
Ipp.
::::::U
3
I
0
a
_ci.
4'
1>
Si
im
If:
Il*.I 1 *.
in:
10!
ilex.
109
ISO
r<;>
00
:. M orse. _A ge^ >
Constellator, 3.
Rosormonde, 5.
Topmast, a
Opponent, 6.....
Horton, 4
\\ c
(777.
eipi
:n
.1
'.V
Ml 3
107 1
113 1 7
'.'¦• 4
105! 5
2 1
1 1
4 3
3 3
5^4 .
2 1 •
12
4 8
3 H
, 4 1
*i
•31
1 2
3 4
4 3
" 5
titi^
ill
2 1
8 h
4 3
5 6
_* in. |
2** p
3 1 I
4 4 I
510 1
_ J
Ran<
A me
Hem
nass
?
C
«
7
7
¦2
114
Tom Calvert, 5.
Alvpro a
87 !
89 «
C 5
«
5 5
Da
StlL
I.TJ-t£11 "S-MATZOS
The fi«n Francisco Matzo Co., factory and
main o'flce at 1130 Howard nt.. telephone South
467. Samplea already. Matzoit, 6c per pound;
matzo meal. Sc per pound; matzos baked with
«-Egß. 15c per pound; macrones, 40c per pound.
Orders clro taken at 1210 Folsom St., telephone
Folsoin 951.
THE LATE REV. WILLIAM A. GARDNER.
REV. WILLIAM A. GARDNER, who for years was a prominent figure
of the Christian church of this city, died at Watsonvllle yesterday af
ternoon. He had gone there for a visit. Rev. Mr. Gardner came to
this city in ISS6 in answer to a call to the position of State evangelist
of the Christian church of California, and In that capacity he visited nearly
every part of the State and became well known wherever the Christian church
had been established. He founded three churches in Humboldt County and
then located in "Woodland, where he established another church. In 1893 he
came to this city permanently as pastor of the West Side Christian Church,
and this position he held until in 18t<8, his health failing him, he resigned'
and took a trip to the Hawaiian Islands. He was gone a little more than a
year, and returned last February weaker than when he left. He went at once
to Watsonvllle, where he died.
Mr. Gardner was born in Michigan in 1846. He served In the ranks of the
Federal army during the rebellion, and at 25 years of age he entered the min
istry. He leaves a wife and four children.
Newsboys Out for a Time.
My! what a time those little news
boys did have with a Sunday Call re
porter. First, a swell French dinner,
and then a box at the theater. How
they did eat. and their eyes nearly
popped out of their heads at the count
less strange dishes brought in one af
ter the other and each more wonder
ful than the one that had preceded it.
And how wonderful the play seemed
to them from the charmed precincts
of a box. Only two little ragged news
boys, but they were made supremely
happy and felt like kings for once in
their lives, If never again. Hear them
tell of it 'all in next Sunday's Call.
Very funny— and yet pathetic, too.
Fhe was married to Fair in ISfC and she would
like a record of it. with the memoranda, data,
etc.. to be used as evidence in the case. The
next time I saw Sylva and Mrs. Craven wa.«
in my rffic«- the following day. The very next
day I s-aw them again. At this time Sylva
handed me a check and said I had better "col
lect It as I was better known in San Fran
cisco. I Intended to cash the check, but Mrs.
• 'raven was thpre and she cashed it herself.
Sylva and I then walked down the street and
I pave him the money.
"The day the contract was made Sylva asked
me to draw It up. but he added the considera
tion clause which called for legal services to
balance the $30,000 section."
"Who mentioned the sum of S30.000?" said
Knight.
"Pylva did," was the response.
"Was any conversation had between Mrs.
Craven and Sylva In regard to what the sum
was to be paid for?"
"No. sir."
"Did you make Inquiry about it?"
"No, sir. Both read the contract and signed
"Have you acted In any capacity as an at
torney for which the sum was to be paid?"
"No, sir: merely a* her friend."
"What then became of the contract?"
"I advised that it be placed In some bank.
They were satisfied that I should keep it,
however. It has never been in the possession
of any one else but John -J". Roche, who Is In
my office."
Did Fylva ever have possemion of it?"
No. sir. but he might have had If he
"What Indorsement Is there on It?"
Dunand then read the pencil Indorsement:
"This belonps to A. Pylva."
Knight asked: "Who wrote It?" But Just
as Pence rose to object he cried out: "That's
all; tiikf the witness." juuinw
Pence Cross-Examines.
The cross examination did not shake the
testimony broupht out in direct examination.
"When was the first conversation with the
lady In rrgard to the Sausalito marriage?"
said Pence.
"When we walked up to Sylva's house from
th" ferry." replied the witm-ss.
"Wa? it not early in August that we called
attention to the fart that there had been a
partial distribution of the real estate nnd that
we had a consultation as to the best steps
to be taken?"
"I know that you simply kindly explained
to me what you thought would be the proper
thing to do, but you never consulted me as
to what you Intended to do."
"Did not the question come up that you
should be one of the attorneys of record and
you replied that It would be better If you
"In part, yes, and It was Sylva who wanted
me to be an attorney of record to protect his
fee. I told you about this after you half
apoloplzed for not ha%'lng done so. I said that
was all right, that I didn't care for It, only
for the solicitation of Sylva."
"You had no financial Interest In the case?"
"No, none whatever, except that If Mrs.
Craven-Fair won the case we were to go
around the world and have a good time."
Continuing Dunand said: "At the time the
contract was drawn up Sylva said he would
see that 1 got something and ehe concurred."
"Did you ever talk of how much of the
$30,000 you were to have?"
"Never talked about any such thing."
Dunand Is Firm.
Dunand, upon his return from Mexico,
said he would not speak of the case to the
reporters before consulting with Mrs.
Craven and her attorneys. He also prom
ised to report to the Pences, but he failed
in this. Then Lafe Pence carried the wit
ness over tho Grand Jury meeting. In
questioning Dunand about different people
whom he saw on the day after his trip
from Mexico the witness ?aid that he had
not been approached by any one on either
side at any time, except McEnerney and
Charles Ileirgerty. All the former wanted
to know was the facts about the $200
check. The witness recollected that he
met Abe Ruef on Montgomery street last
week, but denied that he had mentioned
the contract. EXrT&B
A distinct discrepancy exists between
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven's story in regard to
the signing of the $30,000 contract and that
given by Dunand yesterday. She said
that at first she thought it was $25,000, not
having read it over, but relying upon
Dunand, when he read it to her. The
latter testified yesterday that she read the
contract over and then signed it.
The case will go on next Monday morn
ing.
street, from asphyxiation by gas, was an
accident. As the deceased seemed to be
perfectly happy and had made no threats
of suicide the only rational theory was
that she left the gas burning when she
went to sleep and that air or water m tho
pipes extinguished the flame.
Contract Signed
by Him, but He
i Was to Reap No
Cash Reward.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it. All druggists. • -
Talked About Dogs.
Professor Joseph Le Conte delivered a
very interesting address last night before
the Society fdr the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals on the subject of dogs. In the
parlors of the Occidental, which were well
filled with members of the society and
their friends. ' ,
An up-to-date hotel. The Bradbury. Every-
thing flret class. 1604 California St., cor. Polk. •
Mayday Exercises.
The school children of this city are
deeply interested in the annual May day
exercises which are to be held at Glen
Park on the Ist of May. The committees
having the affair in charge are working
faithfully with a view to making the day
a memorable one in the minds of the lit
tle ones. A continuous programme of
dancing and singing will be given in the
theater and there will be Interesting ath
letic events in the open air. A feature of
the programme will be a minuet and May
pole dance by the pupils of the James
Lick Grammar School. A rehearsal of the
grand chorus of ¦ 6500 -voices will soon be
held under -the personal supervision of
Miss Carpenter, the music teacher of the
school department.
TAILOR'S DEATH TO
BE INVESTIGATED
Adolph Stein, a tailor residing at 867
Folsom street, was found dead last even
ing. Stein was a paralytic and had suf
fered for years. . This aliment may nave
been fatal, but 'the presence of a suspi
cious sediment. In the bottom of a gla*s
found in the room leads many to think
that the man took his own life. '•;¦;; ¦; ,
Stein's wife and only son wer<s attend
ing a funeral when he died. Both say he
had no reason to take his own life. Stein
was 47 years of age and retired from busi
ness years ago.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It's
Great
Econ*
omy
to
Buy
Here
And go use to think cf nuking them, at
home, wheq we sell these Chjld's Dresses,
cf Joqes* Long Cloth., firjely tucked front
sr,d back, neatly trimmed witr^ Em.broid-
ery Edge and Insertion, deep rjem.
t/ade on lock-stitch machine, special at
sOc
I. MAGNIN '& CO.
840 Market St., Opp. 4th
DEATH OF A NOTED
CHRISTIAN MINISTER
STAACKE FILES ANSWER
TO MRS. BELL'S CHARGES
Emphatically Denies That He Has
Mismanaged the Properties
. in His Care.
George Staacke has filed answer to the
petition of Mrs. Theresa Bell, asking that
he be removed as executor of the estate
of tho late Thomas Bell, in which he em
phatically denies that as such executor
he has wasted or mismanaged the prop
erties committed to his charge. After
making this denial. Staacke takes up the
defense of Louisa J. Thompson, and as
serts that she never conspired with him
for the purpose of defrauding Bell's es
tate by transferring through foreclosure
proceedings 20.655 52-100 acres of the
Rancho Laguna at a price $100,000 less
than Its actual value. He explains his
letter to Mrs. Thompson, which was the
basis of Mrs. Bell's belief that such a
conspiracy existed, by stating that he be
lieved it to be his duty, representing as he
did creditors as well as heirs, to notify
Mrs. Thompson that her claim of $50,000
against the rancho could not be paid by
the estate, and that, therefore, if she
wished to assert her rights she would
have to foreclose her mortgage.
Staacke prays that the order heretofore
made suspending his powers as executor
be set aside, and that he be restored to
the management of the estate.
Mamie Sullivan's Death Accidental.
The Coroner's Jury returned a verdict
yesterday that the death last Wednesday
of Miss Mamie Sullivan at 51 Cumberland
Woman Suffragists in Open Meeting.
The first open meeting of the "Woman's
Franchise Organization was held last
evening at Harmony Hall. A large audi
ence enjoyed a splendid programme, la
which music, song, recitations and able
addresses were happily mingled. Among
those who contributed to the success of
the evening were Mrs. Xellle Blesalng-
Eyster. Miss M. O'Rourke. Miss. Amanda
Corcoran. Mrs. Viola Marshall. Albert H.
Elliott. Mrs. fl. Lewis and Mrs. Laura
de Force-Gordon.
ATTORNEY LOUIS F. DUNAND,
the man who went to Mexico,
mounted the witness-stand in Judge
Troutt* ¦ courtroom yesterday morn
ing and when the afternoon session of the
Fair case was finished he was still the
target for the battery fire of the petition
er's ?ttorneyp. Slow, heavy and soporific
was the examination of this witness, from
me time the court convened until adjourn
ment. Dunand did not furnish a tithe of
u.e excitement his friend. Adolph Sylva.
produced in the three previous days and
the crowd went away disappointed.
It Is difficult to say just why Dunand
•was put upon the stand by the defense.
Ills story was more a defense and excul
pation of hi? own conduct than anything
else. In a measure it was corroborative of
Sylva' s testimony, but only of the weaker,
unimportant evidence that the fluent,
crafty trickster of Sausallto gave from
the stand. Dunand denic-d all complicity in
tne scheme, averrea that he was a friend
of Mrs. Craven and that all his actions
had this motive at their basis. He admit
ted that he was responsible for the intro
duction of Sylva into the case, but in the
fame breath disclaimed that he ever knew
of any nefarious plot to create evidence
of the marriage in Sausalito.
All that he did. according to his own
testimony, was dune out of friendship for
Urs. Craven, whom he wished to see suc
cessful in the litigation. No price was set
upon his service! — nothing but a promise
of a European trip, and he had pictured
to himself an outing that would put guide
books to shame. He believed Mrs.
Craven's story r.bout the marriage to Sen
ator Fair in I£SZ, and in order to secure
the records he introduced her to Sylva.
whom he knew to be "a wise, shrewd and
valuable man" in the discovery of hidden
treasures buried in the Sausalito town
ship.
Sylva and Dunand.
The contract for $30,000, which Dunand
and Mrs. Craven signed, was the subject
or much examination, direct and cross.
The attorney admitted that it was in his
handwriting, but he was equally emphatic
in his declarations that the contract was
made in behalf of Sylva. who feared Ic
ing a principal party because he was not
an attorney. Thf* contract called for ser
vices f uch as qualified attorneys can only
perform. This is the reason assigned by
Ounand for his intimacy with the $30,000
contract.
The first meeting between Dunand. Mrs.
craven and Sylva occurred in July of last
year at Sylva's house, where the introduc
tion took place.
day in Dunand's office, and was thorough
ly satisfied with himself.
"Knight's direct examination was as fol
lows :
"Did you hear any conversation between Mn>.
Crsvfn and fylva in roj;ard to the kind of
6*Tvire he was to perform?"
"\rr. he was to find the records of the mar
riage."
"At any time was it urjred that the docket
of the Justice of the Peace would be difficult
to recurs?"
"No. eir; I sad to Sylva Mrs. Craven claimed
POLICEMEN WILL PAY
FOR HEALEY'S FUNERAL
Alfred Clarke Cannot Recover Funds
to Be Used for This Pur-
Final Judgment on the policy held by
the late Captain Henry S. Healey in the
Widows' and Orphans' Aid Association of
the Police Department of San Francisco
was entered by Judge. Seawell yesterday.
In an opinion the court held that Alfred
Clarke, who, by virtue of an assignment
for money loaned, was declared the bene
ficiary of the policy, which was for $1000,
was not entitled to $100 of this sum. this
amount, under the association by-laws,
being reserved for "necessary funeral ex
penses." After Captain Healey's death
Clarke sued as the beneficiary and was
given judgment. The association paid the
judgment with the exception of $100,
which it reserved for the expenses of de
cedent's funernl. Clarke sued to recover
this amount. Judge Seawell says:
The right of the association to pay. decedent's
funeral expenses cannot be questioned. The
members of the board appear to have been
active In the management of the funeral ano!
It would be a scandal If the undertakers should
have to bear its expense when there is a
fund provided by the constitution and by
laws of defendant for their payment. Judg
ment will be entered for defendant.
sprinters and Jumpers will have their
chance as will the tennis players. The
game to-morrow is expected to prove an
exciting one, as both teams are showing
well in practice. George Van Haltren has
been coaching the Berkeley players, while
Dr. Murphy of Yale has devoted much,at
tention to the Stanford 'nine. Stanford is
conceded to have in Lanagan the better
pitcher, while the men from across the
bay are noted for their team work. In
previous years Lanagan has wasted his
energy trying to. strike out men with no
one on the bases. He has now learned to
rely more on his fielders and saves him
self whenever possible. Kaarsburg 1 . the
reliable, will pitch for Berkeley. The fam
iliar yell of the Stanford rooters: "Easy!
Easy! Easy! Kaarsburg!" will again re
sound over the campus.
DEFENDERS OF THE BLUE AND GOLD OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
THE first of the series of annual base
ball contests on the field, between
athletes wearing the cardinal color
of Stanford University and the blue
and gold, of, the University of California,
will take place to-morrow afternoon at
Berkeley. The teams of the rival institu
tions of learning will be the first to enter
the lists. Later-, on in the month the
DUNAND ON THE STAND
WORKS FOR EXCULPATION
Declares He Act
ed in the Fair
Case Solely in
BehalfofAdolph
Sylva and Not
for His Own In
terests.
BASEBALL PLAYERS READY
FOR COLLEGIATE GAMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1900.
RAILROAD MEN
PROTEST DIRECT
TO HUNTINGTON
Respectfully but Firmly Re
quest Withdrawal of
Relief Plan.
Give It as Their Unanimous Opinion
That the System "Would Dz-
Etroy the Brotherhoods.
Railroad to Reply.
, _
• The -lone expected complaint of South
ern Pacific employes against the forcing
upon them by the company of an Insur
ance scheme that will drain their purses
and break up their labor organizations was
laid before President Collis P. Huntlngton
and other prominent officers of the com
pany yesterday. At the appointed hour
nfty-seven delegates, representing six
brotherhoods of railroad men, and prob
ably over 90 per cent of the employes of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
marched in a body to the Hobart building,
where they were shown into a room pre
pared for them. George Estes, chief of
the telegraphers' organization, headed the
party and acted as spokesman.
C. P. Huntington entered the room in
company with Julius Kruttschnitt, J. A.
Fillmore, A. F. Hess and J. B. Dorner.
He smiled graciously upon the commit
teemen and gave them a "glad hand" talk
that was calculated to put them at ease,
said he was glad to meet employes of the
company at all times, and particularly
when they had any grievances to recite.
He hoped that they would express their
ideas on the matter in hand without fear
or reservation and that a satisfactory ad
justment of the difficulty could be ar
ranged.
Cnairman Estes then took the floor and
made a lengthy and minute statement of
the objections of employes to the relief
plan. He said the delegates present rep
resented every department of the service
and a very large percentage of the em
ployes. He and his colleagues had made
a close study of the plan and had reached
the conclusion that It would work a hard
ship on the employes of the company.
This opinion was unanimous.
The principal objection to the plan wag
that it would certainly injure If not en
tirely destroy the brotherhoods, which
were not only benefit orders but a strong
factor in the social life of the railroad
men and their families. The members of
the committee did not believe that it was
the intention of the company to injure
the brotherhoods, but the only logical con
clusion was that the proposed relief plan
would injure and destroy them.
A. P. Hess, who has been placed at the
head of the relief plan, took the floor and
explained to the men in detail the bene
fits of the scheme proposed by the com
pany. Finally Estes announced that it
was the unanimous opinion of the broth
erhoods that the relief plan was injurious
to their interests and that they respect
fully but firmly requested that it be with
drawn completely.
President Huntlngton was an attentive
listener to the whole proceedings, but
neither questioned the speakers nor inter
rupted them. He brought the interview
to an end by saying that he would require
a little time to consider the complaint that
had just been made. He requested the
committee to return to-day at 2:30 p. m.,
when he would probably have his answer
ready for them.
The meeting was executive of course.
After it was over General Manager Julius
Kruttschnitt gave out to the press the
bare details. The men are very much in
earnest. If Huntlngton denies their re
quest at to-day's meeting it is likely that
a formal demand will be made upon him
to withdraw his plan. If he still refuses
there will be serious trouble. There Is no
doubt in the minds of the men that the
relief plan was inaugurated with the idea
of destroying all organization among
them, and when the organization is gone
they become mere slaves of the company.
LOUIS F. DUNAND ON THE WITNESS STAND.
The sole witness of thp day in the Fair case, Louis F.
Dunand, testified that hf.« recompense for assisting Mrs. Xettie
R. Craven was to be nothing more than a trip to Europe. If
successful in her present litigation the attorney, and perhaps
his family, would >?ln the lady petitioner in a jolly ramble from
London to Cairo. Dunand declared under oath that he did
not expect a 5 cent piece out of the $30,000 stipulated in the con
tract, which was drawn up between Mrs. Xc-ttie R. Craven and
himself. He said that he was acting in Sylva's behalf and it
was the latter who was to reap the rewards. From his man
ner Dunand hardly anticipates the European tour.
Jl ITiF^if3l Outdistanced !
plj^^l !i||| Outclassed !
J **<*Ls-k '^^^^^^—^ "i Any Scrsc Suit
l^^^^Mt^^ 1 . Public To=day.
\\ nfcP '"^^k^ Our Men ' s Fast Blue
a S?(t?S 1 VvV / ecay'v y' Weight, All Wool, Double
Wk _^ '^"\iL, ir^TT^^^C A and.Twlsf Worsted Serge.
ll^^lA^lV' % \"^ w/ { Color Gnaranteed Al >solntely
MP\" ¦. ¦ *s&* ¦••¦; I i\ \ \ M Serge is the fashion-
V^~ \\ J\ \ II able fabric for the
|r§^^*T • |\\ I W • fashionable dressers, and
I pMUytl si\ I 'A \ I i our serges are top-notch-
I v 1 1 \\ 1 1 ers as io. tailoring and
... : k ffi \V\ fl general appearances.
f|T- .- i'i| \ \\\\ There' s no serge in this
JF& ''^ 11 i 1i 1 I'll market at double the
II 1 81 * r^N I 1 i PP r i° c that can compare
5' :l \\\ II SI \ A with the one we mention.
j/nQJM I V\ r I ~ii our men 3 's suit room
\ Il'j 111 I '
\ T\ W ifiSJil f I . m ¦¦¦¦ j^
ft IB Jn^L *+ Wi ' B4 I t2 Jv^^ 13 f"4 J fct ir *
. : ' ¦ ... y
The Frisco Boys—Bnilders of Higb'Class Clothes Without the Btgh-Class ' Prices.
Corner Kearny Street and Union Square Avenue.
12