PRIG^S^IVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII-XO. 100.
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL. 24, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
RUNDLE'S RELIEF
FORCE CHECKED
BY THE BOERS
Roberts Finds It Necessary to
Send Aid to the Column Dis
patched to Wepener.
Its Commander Reports a List of Casualties
and Twenty-Five Men Captured by
the Patriots.
BATTLING ABOUT WEPENER
FOR NEARLY TWO WEEKS NOW COLONEL DALGETY'S FORCE.
SrRP.OUNDED BY THE BOERS IN THE LITTLE TOWN OF WEPENER.
NEAR THE ORANGE FREE STATE-BASUTOLAND BORDER. HAS BEEN,
LIKE <-r\i ,p v v, 1 X * Q riTL-VW r. I.L AT MAFEKING, FORTIFYING AND
FIGHTING, WHILE THE SEVERAL COLUMNS OF RELIEF FORCES
ARE ENDEAVORING TO MAKE TO THEIR AID. THE SITUATION
THERE IS DECIDEDLY THE MOST INTERESTING IN THE WHOLE
THEATER OF THE WAR AT THE PRESENT TIME.
T OXDOX, April 2 7. — The War Office late this afternoon is- >
/ _^ sued a dispatch from Lord Roberts, dated Bloemfontein,
Monday, April 23, 2:50 p. m., as follows: "Yesterday I dis
patched tlie Elez'cnth Division under General Pole-Carczv and the
brigades of cavalry under General French from this point to assist
General Rundlc. The force reached Karricfontein without much
opposition. Casualties reported:
"Welsh Regiment — Private killed, Captain . Prothcro~ Motley
mortally wounded; and sczrn men. .
" Yorkshires — Eight wounded.
"Eighth Hussars — One killed and one zvcntndcd.
"Fourteenth Hussars — One wounded.
"Royal Artillery — Two zvounded.
"Seventh Dragoons — Lieutenant- Jenkins r and ten men missing.
'Captain Rotton of the Royal Artillery broke an arm by a fall.
"General Polc-Carezvs mounted infantry seised Lccuzv Kop, a
high hill a fezv miles north of their last night's position. The en
emy cz-acuaicd hurriedly, leaving. some rifles and ammunition.
"General Rundle reports that twenty-foe men of the First
Jl'orcesters are missing. Fifty-three were sent with Wood to an out
post after dark and only eighteen returned. Their numbers and
names zvill be reported to-day, as well as four zvounded yesterday.''
The War Office has given no explanation of the apparent'dis
crepancy in the figures as to the mm of the Worcester Regiment.
MASERU, Basutoland, Monday, April 23- — General Bra
bant's force outflanked the Boer position at Bushman's Kop yester
day, but the movement had not been completed zvhen darkness fell.
At dusk British forces, apparently infantry, were seen approaching
fro::: two directions with a view of surrounding the kop. Colonel
Dalgcty's garrison at Wepcncr zcas not molested to-day.
BLOEMFONTEIN^ April 2. ].— General Pole C arm occupied
the water works before proceeding to Lccuzv Kop. He met with only •
LONDON. April 24— The srtrorg body
of r«-!r.forcpmerUs which Lord Itob
(Hf sent to assist the relief of
Wo|i<->nfr and to endeavor to en
velop ar.d cut oJT the Boers from a
retrrat northward furnishes further evi
dence that the Boers are assembled in
mu<-h larger force around Werner than
had hitherto lir-en supposed, and. as the
Times in an editorial this morning re
marks, whatever may be the difficulties of
roads and rains, the Bbers always appear
to ha\f guns— and sometimes big ones—
where th«-y want them.- .•;
A Bo<T dispatch, dated Thaba N'Chu,
April 20. pays that a fresh supply of can
non arid ammunition has reached General
D«*wet at Jammf rpburg Drift. It also aa
sertp that one of Colonel Dalgety's guns
has been Fmaehed.
Karriefontoln. mentioned In Lord Rob
erts' message to the War Office. Is fif
teen miles southeast of Bloemfontein.
Lccuw Kop is two miles further south.
Apparently the British captured Paarde
Kraal Sunday night. The Boers evacu
ated Leouw Kop during the night, remov
ing their guns, and the British occupied
the kop the next mornlr.g.
Although the Boers appear to be offer-
Ing stout resistance to the British advance
their position la dangerous. They can
scarcely delay further their retreat north
ward without incurring the risk of being
cut off. Usually th«*y liave be*n well in
formed regarding the British plans and
they are not likely to run such a risk, es
pecially as they have partially accom
plished the!r object in drawing large
forces from Bloemfontein on long marches
and have thereby delayed the advance on
Pretoria.
The Morning Post, commenting upon the
difficulty Lord Roberts Is experiencing.
assert* the wisdom of arranging for a j
steady flow of reinforcements.
The report that a Boer commando was
at Frankfort proved to be without foun
dation, but evidently there is a large force
opposing Lord Methuen.
The Bloemfonteln correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says: "The resistance of
the Boors at Leeuw Kop was contempt
ible, considering the strength of their po
sition. They escaped in an easterly direc
tion, the guards falling to get quite
around them."
The Daily Telegraph has the following
from Boshof, dated Monday, April 23:
"The Boers are closing in on Boshof.
Their nearest laager is five miles distant. |
Communication with Kimberley Is still
open."
The Cape Town correspondent of the !
Dally Mall says that General Carrington's
force Is the only one going to the relief ;
of Mafeking. and that no force of any ;
kind Is operating from the south. i
PATRIOTS DEBATE ON
BENEFITS OF VALOR
BOER CAMP. THABA N'CHU, Orange
Free State, April 22.— Fighting .continues
Con t inued en Second Pace.'
FESTETICS
AND CREW
ARE SAFE
Titled Owner and Seamen of
Wrecked Yacht Tolna
Reach Suez.
TELL OF GREAT PRIVATIONS
Pleasure Crcft Burned to Save It
From Seing Pillaged by Na
tives of Minicoy
Island.
Special cahlf to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1!»00, by the Herald Pub
llehins Company.
SUEZ, April 23.— The steamer Birchtor.
having on board Count Rudolph Festetics
and two of the crew of the yacht Tolna,
recently wrecked In the Indian Ocean,
arrived here this mornine.
The Count Is in perfect health. In an
interview he said that he would proceed
on board the Blrehtor to Port Said. His
yacht, the Tolr.a, was wrecked off Mini
coy Island. Which lies to the north of
the Maldlve group. The Count and the
crew remained on the island for two
months under most trying circumstances,
undergoing great privation!?.
NATIVES OF
INDIA RIPE
FOR REVOLT
Starving Mob Attacks a
Farce of Soldiers at
Shappur.
REPELLED WITH DIFFICULTY
Made Desperate by Hunger, Famine
Victims Become . More Ugly
and Europeans Are ix>
Danger.
CALCUTTA. April 23.— The latest official
reports from the famine districts say that
tho misery existing there is indescribable
and unparalleled, and that the present ro-
Uef is quite Inadequate. They add thai
the mortality among the cattle is so se
vere that the authorities are trying to
adapt farm Implements so that human
power can replace that of bullocks. Such
a drastic measure has never before i-.een
necessary, even in the greatest scarcity of i
animals.
: It Is also announced that the natives are
developing ugly feelings and are attack
ing Europeans. A great crowd on Friday
murderously attacked a party of soldiers
at Shanpur, the military center oi the
CESELESS
INPOUR OF
JAPANESE
Each Incoming Steamer
Lands Hundreds at
Victoria.
MANY CROSSING BOUNDARY
Provided With Funds by Immigra
tion Agents to Prevent Their
Seing Barred as
Paupers.
Special Disratch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 23.— Following
close behind the steamer Milos, which on
Saturday landed 1000 Japanese here, an
other coolie steamer laden to her capacity
with a human cargo of 10G0 Japanese im
migrants arrived at Williams Head quar
antine station this afternoon. This was
the steamer Braemar. one of the Northern
Pacific liners on the Portland route. She
was diverted from her usual run this trip
in order to accommodate the lnrge num
ber of steerage passengers booked by her
for this port and Vancouver. Of the 10;>">
on board the Braemar there are twenty
two who are alieccd by Jaoanese here to
GUERRILLA WARFARE IN THE ORANGE FREE STATE.
WHATEVER TACTICS ARE FOLLOWED BY THE BRITISH REGULARS IX COPING WITH THE BOERS,
THE BRITISH COLONIALS. LIKE WASHINGTON'S MEN AT BRADDOCK'S '¦¦ DEFEAT, ARE FOLLOWING THE
METHODS 'OF THE ENEMY, WITH VERY SATISFACTORY RESULTS AS'COMPARED TO THOSE ACHIEVED BY
THE REGULARS. WHO STILL CLING TO ALDERSHOT FORMATIONS.
The first steamer to be sighted by the
Count and hi? men was thf* Birchtor, a
British freight steamer of 3[KO tons, on
her way from Shanghai via Singapore for
New York. She went to the rescue In
answer to signals . of tho shipwrecked
crew. All of tho crew of the Tolna were
paved. With the exception of two attend
ants upon Count Festetics. the men wer«
pent home around the Cape. In order to
save the . yacht from, being pillaged by
natives of Mlnicoy Island the Count pre
ferred to burn her.
The yacht Tolna has ha»l a most ro
mantic career. The yacht was given to
the Count's bride. Miss Ellen Margin, by
her father. There were many adventures
at Honolulu and Samoa before the Tolna
reached Japan, where the Count and
Countess resided for some tlm«*. and both
the crew and its owners passed through
many perils In various cruises undertaken
in eastern and soul hern seas. The Mal
dlve Island?, the "Thousand Isles," are a
chain of irlands In the Indian Ocean about
300 miles southwest of India. The eight
degrees channel separates Minicoy Island
from the northernmost of the Maldives--,
while the Laccadlves lie to the north of
the islands. The Islands are of coral for
mation, surrounded by reefs. The larger
are well wooded with palms, but the
smaller are mere barren islets. Altogether
they sustain a population of about 15,000
Mohammedans, subject to a Sultan, who
sends tribute to the British.
I northwest provinces. The soldiers were,
rescued with difficulty, and In an uncon
scious condition.
¦ One district lost 1.000,000 cattle out of
1,300,000. and almost numberless human bo-
Ings were found dead from starvation. In
addition children were found \va.ndcrlng in
all directions, homeless, naked arid ema
ciated and cases were reported of children
being sold. The official reports fully con
firm the worst stories of the-terrible na
ture of the distress.
LONDON. April 23.—The Viceroy of In
dia, Lord Ciirv.nn," wires that the recent
rainstorms have not Improved the situa
tion: that the demands .for relief are in
| creasing, but that the arrangements for
relief are equal to the increasing strain.
BERLIN, April 23.—At a meeting of
leading financiers and manufacturers to
day, under the presidency of Dr. Koch,
president of the Imperial Bank', It was
decided to raise a fund for the relief of
the famine sufferers-in India, and those
present subscribed £20.000.
Died of Grief.
CHICAGO, April 23.—John 11. Clough.
former State Senator and a pioneer In the
packing industry in this city, died at his
home on Michigan avenue to-day. A lit
tle over a week ago his only son, Carlos
B. Clough,. died in California, and the loss
prostrated the father, who was himself
in very poor health. . .
DEATH'S SUMMONS FOR
THE DUKE OF ARGYLL
LONDON. April 24.— George Douglass
Campbell, Duke of Argyll, died this
morning.
George Douglass Campbell, the
eighth Duke of 'Argyll, was born at Ar
dincaplo Castle, Dumbartonshire, Scot
land, on April 30. 1523. As the head of the
great nouse of Campbell, one of the old
est and most renowned of the Scottish
peerage, and the father of the husband of
one of the Queen's daughters, he has well
been reckoned one of the leading noble
men in the United Kingdom. Besides
this, however, he well earned in other
ways the distinction of being one of the
foremost noblemen of his time. Before
he succeeded his father in 1547 he had be
come well known as an author on politi
cal economic and religious subjects, had
made his mark as a politician and gained
renown as a public speaker. He carried
more titles than any other nobleman In
Scotland. With Lgrd Rosebery he had
the honor of being both a Knight of the
Garter and. Knight of the Thistle, a dis
tinction enjoyed by no other nobleman.
He has filled many positions of honor In
cluding those of Lord of Privy Seal (1553).
Postmaster General (1555), Lord Rector of
Glasgow Unlversltv (1555), Secretary of
State for India (18(58) and Master, of Her
Majesty's Household in Scotland. His
Grace was a- frequent speaker in the
House of Peers on such subjects as Jew
ish emancipation, the Scottish marriage
bill, corrupt practices at elections bill,
sugar duties, foreign affairs, ecclesiastical
titles bill, Scottish law of entail and the
repeal of the paper duties. His writings
on the BHbjects mentioned above have
been voluminous He is probably best re
membered' for his rellglo-sclentlflc contro
versy with the late Professor Huxley, in
which he was widely credited with-hav
ing come off victor. .
The : Irfite Duke of Argyll.
. The Argyll estates, to which the Mar
quis nf Lome now succeeds, comprise 170 -
000 acres besides large properties in Lon
don, Glasgow and other cities. The Duke
was thrice married and leaves three sons
and six daughters. -To illustrate the esti
mation, In • which he was held by the com
mon'people of Scotland the story Is told
of an old clansman in: Glasgow, who, on
being informed' thatVArgyll's son was to
marry the Queen's daughter, remarked:
"Ah! what a proud? woman -the Queen
must be this day."--'* ..... . ......
. be coming under contract to some orange
planters in California. These are booked
direct to San Francisco. The greater
j number are .booked, to Vancouver: more
[than six hundred are^ going there. The
i others are divided between Victoria, Port
land, Seattle and Tacoma.
The Empress of China is coming close
after the Braemar. with 660 of the tiny
brown people, and following her. having
left a week later. Is the Tosa Maru, on
which/according to cabled advices to the
ofllcials at the quarantine station, there
are no less than 1600. This will bring the
number of Japanese arriving here since
the beginning of the year to nearly 10.000,
and of these more than half have arrived
during the month of April.
A veritable emigration fever seems to
have struck Japan, a fever similar to that
which entices the American to Cape
Nome. Emigration agents are distributing
printed copies of letters and photographs?
from Japanese agents on this side
throughout Japan and this has caused the
big stampede to America, the Cape Nome
of the Japanese.
'As a result of investigations made here
and at Vancouver it has been plalnly
shown that Victoria and Vancouver are
the distributing points' for the Incoming
hordes* and nothing more. A very small
percentage remain' in Canada. All are
bound to the United States and the United
States; contract labor and pauper immi
gration laws are being openly violated, for
hundreds of the. Japanese are coming un
der contracts. Some go to work in Cali
fornia, but, the greater percentage come
to work on the Northern Pacific, Great
Northern and some other American rail
way lines. The systems of getting the
undesirable Immigrant Into the United
States are many. On the arrival here -and
at Vancouver the most presentable are
selected from the crowds and these are
carried In comparatively small numbers
by the ferry steamers running to Seat
tle or by the Seattle and International
Railway from Vancouver. Many hundreds
have gone; over the border In this way
during last week. " Of the modus operand!
of beating the pauper immigration laws
T. H. Yamma, proprietor of a large
Japanese. employment agency here and at
Vancouver, says:
"It Is easy. We all work together. Sup
pose a San Francisco, Seattle or Tacoma
agency, wants Japanese. They send here
or to Vancouver. They go to men who
build railways and when they get work
for men they telegraph how many men
they want and we send them right away.
We give each, man $30 so that he can get
past the United States Immigration in
spector ¦ and . when the men have been
passed they give the $30 back to an agent,
who sends the money back to us and we
can give It to the next man. That's how
we do it." ¦
Other revelations came to light to-day
in connection with the underground rail
way, system over which hundreds of Jap
anese are nightly passed across the
boundary- It has been shown that they
go to New Westminster and Steveston oh
the Fraser. ostensibly for the purpose of
fishing for the canneries or building sal
mon traps, and under cover of darkness
numbers are nightly rowed across the
boundary; bay. from the mouth, of .the
Fraser to a point near Blalne. From this
point ;they make their way by the railway,
train i or. through the woods to Whatcom.
whence, they walk to.Sumas. Others cross
the International boundary to Point" Hob-
SULTAN SEEKING
TO PLACATE THE
UNITED STATES
Issues an Order for the Rebuilding
of the Property of American
Missionaries.
His Action Believed to Be an Earnest of Full
and Final Settlement of the In
demnity Claims.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CO.\«TA.>TIXOrLE. April 2:i An imperial trade hn» been pro-
RiulKiitiMl authorizing the rebuilding of the property of the Ameri
can raiasionnriefl tit Khnrpnt and the contraction of an annex to
the Robert* College at Constantinople.
WASHISGTOX. April -2:\. — Lloyd Grlscom, the lnlte.l Staten
o«»nrs:e d'nffnlre* nt C'onxtnntinople, linn cabled the State Depart
ment Hint the Tarkioh Minister for Foreign AfTnlr-4 hit* Informed
the HinhnosnUor* that the Porte will not raise tariff dntle* without
previnu.H agreement vrith the powers.
The State Department hail no ofilcl.il confirmation to-nicrht of
the Associated Pre.in dispatch from Constantinople announcing the
Sultan's irade regarding: the rebuilding of the American nil.Mon
ary property at Khnrput. The news wan received with consld- .
erahle satisfaction, being: recorded by official* as a friendly act on
the part of the Snltnn and possibly an earnest of fall and final set
tlement of the indemnity claim. '
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON, April 23.— Turkey has again
admitted her liability for outrages
suffered by missionaries In Arme
nia and has promised that she will pay
the damages demanded by the United
States.
Mr. Grlscom, American Charge d'Af
faires in Constantinople; has cabled to
this effect to the Department of State,
and his message was the subject of dis
cussion at the Cabinet meeting to-day.
At a conference which Mr. Griscom held
en Saturday with the Sultan the latter
verbally repeated v.hat he has on three
previous occasions said to Minister
Straus. While his declarations do not
materially change the situation, the au
thorities are satisfied that the Turkish
sovereign appreciates that the United
States. is in earnest and it is the purpose
to continue the pressure which has been
applied in order to secure prompt settle
ment. ¦»
It is emphatically denied by ofllcials of
the State Department that the Sultan has
promised to pay the claims on the condi
tion that they be placed on the same basis
as those which European powers hold
against the Sublime Porte.
What missionary authorities are in
clined to regard as more important than
the payment of indemnity is the nego
tiations for the re-estubllshment of the
mission school at Harpoot. So far as ne
gotiations for Indemnity are concerned. It
is stated that no ultimatum has yet been
presented nor will it be. provided pay
ment is made as promised by the Sultan.
It Is stated by the authorities that there
Is no occasion for discussion by the Euro
pean Cabinets of their attitude in the
event of the dispatch of an American fleet
to Turkish waters. There is no present
Intention of going to war with Turkey.
Information which the authorities re-
ceived from Constantinople to-day and as
surances which have been given them by
the Turkish Minister, who called at the
department this afternoon, satisfy them
that the incident will be speedily dosed.
Minister Straus also saw Secretary Hay
and this afternoon returned to New York.
It was pointed out this afternoon by a
friend of the Turkish Minister that the
position of the Turkish Government was
not well understood In the United States
nor fairly judged. Not only is the Turk
ish Government not responsible according
to International law for damages which
occurred at Harpoot, according to this
gentleman, but if It were the value placed
by the missionaries upon the losses they
sustained Is excessive. The total per
sonal losses of eleven missionaries are
placed at $29,724.
HOPES ABDUL HAMID
WILL SEE HIS DANGER
PARIS. April 23.— The Temps to-< Jay
published a long article on the Turko-
Amerlcan situation, reviewing the cir
cumstances in a manner quite friendly
to the United States, and expressing con
fidence that Turkey will pay the indem
nity demanded by the United States. Re
ferring to the alleged intention of the
United 3tates xn occupy Smyrna. In de
fault of payment, the Temps says:
"The United States would not. perhaps,
bo sorry to display a little before the
eyes, not only of the Sultan, but of entire
Europe the newly acquired glitter of their
navy, crowned with the laurels of Cavite
and Santiago. The , occupation of Smyr
na would be no joke and there is ground
to hope that Abdul Hamld will see the
madness of resistance, which, for such a
trivial object, would bring about such
serious results."
erts. which is across Boundary Bay from
Elaine. At this point there are but a
few isolated acres of United States ter
ritory.
A special from Ottawa to a local paper
says: "Sir Wilfrid Laurier in the House
to-day read a report from Mr. Parmlee.
Deputy Minister of Trade and Commerce,
pointing out that the great bulk of Jap
anese in British Columbia were merely in
transit."
JAPAN MAY PUT A.
STOP TO EMIGRATION
Government Believes That TfflnT of
Laborers Is Due to Rivalry Be
¦ tween Companies.
WASHINGTON. April 23.— Information
has reached Washington to the effect that
the Japanese Government itself, and with
out awaiting a request from the United
States, is about to take steps to restrict
the emigration of Japanese coolie3 to the
United States.
It is asserted that the figures relative
to this emigration have been magnified,
and that, as a matter of fact, there are
now not more than about 15.000 or 16.000
Japanese within the limits of the United
States outside of Hawaii. It is said that
such emigration as has lately cceurrej] has
resulted entirely from the competition of
the two great Japanese immigration so
cieties — that the laborers have been prac
tically brought here under the delusion
that there were untold opportunities for
work at great wages. The Japanese Gov
ernment is Interested in protecting Its
people from the hardships resulting from
such impositions, and that is the reason
it Intends to establish restrictions upon
the outward flow.
It Is said, however, that the Government
would never contemplate with equanimity
legislation by the United States directed
exclusively against Japanese immigra
tion, for, though perfectly willing to
abide by the results, of any legislation on
the subject of immigration that affects all
outside nations alike. discrimination
against Japanese -would certainly have
most disastrous effects upon the large,
and growing trade between the United
States and Japan.
The position of the Japanese Govern
ment upon that point is that the Japanese
immigrant is not for a moment to be
classed with the Chinese coolie.
- - - ¦ .. ¦ -
CALCULATED TO ENLIST
AMERICAN SYMPATHY
LONDON, April 24.— The Vienna corres
pondent of the Times says: "The Boer
peace commissioners will not be received
either at Vienna. Berlin. St. Petersburg
or Rome. It Is well that the United States
should know how the mission has fared in
Europe and the temper of Europe toward
the United States. The widespread hos
tility to the United States which Is con*
stantly manifested on the Continent Is a
factor to be reckoned with, as the United
States will doubtless discover at the next
renewal of commercial treaties."
The correspondent goes on, at great
length', to argue that "the latent feeling
of hostility to the United States," though
not of a serious character. Is yet strong
enough to "make an opportunity of put
ting a spoke In America's wheel very wel
come," and he adds that "on this account
America will probably realize the desira
bility of maintaining a good understand
ing with England."
HOUSE WILL
ACT ON THE
CANAL BILL
Unanimous Agreement to
Take Up the Measure
on May 1.
— »
ITS FRIENDS ARE HOPEFUL
Senator Morgan Expresses the Opin
ion That It Will Pass Both
Branches of Congress at
This Session.
» «
"WASHINGTON*. April 23.— At the open.
Ing of the House to-day, upon request of
Hepburn of Iowa, chairman of the Inter
state and Foreign Commerce Committee,
unanimous consent was given to set aside
May 1 and 2 for consideration of the Nica
ragua canal bill. Hepburn said that one
day would be Riven for general debate and
one for amendment under the five-minute
rule.
Senator Morgan, chairman of the Senate
Committee on Inter-Oceanic Canals, was
in conference with Chairman Hepburn of
the House committee tn-dajr. discussing
ways and means of bringing about the>
passage of the Nicaragua canal bill at the
present session of Congress. The Senator
expressed the opinion that his committee
would accept amendments suggested by
the House committee and that it would
act favorably upon the bill as amended
as soon as it should be passed by the
House. He has no- disposition to press
the bill pending In the Senate previous to
the action of, the House, preferring to
take the House bill after that measure
passed the body In which It originated.
The Senator expressed the opinion that
the Senate would not refuse to take the
bill up when the amended measure Is re
ported from the committee and thinks
the chance of lt« passage good.
MASSACRED BY THE
"CHINESE BOXERS/
Murderous Oriental Society Commits
Many Atrocities in the Province
of Pechili.
TIENTSIN. April 23.— Members of the
"Boxers" society Saturday massacred
many Chinese Catholics near Pao Ting
Fu, In the province of Pechlll. south
west of Tientsin.
The German gunboat Iltls arrived at
Taku Saturday. The other foreign Tea
sels have left those waters.HOUSE TAKES
UP POSTOFFICE
APPROPRIATION
Discusses Rural Free De
livery and Pneumatic
Tubs Service.
Loud Opposes the Latter Innovation,
Saying That It Cannot Be Suc
cessfully and Economi
cally Used.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The House
to-day entered upon the consideration of
the Postofflce appropriation bill, and the
general debate which closed with the ad
journment this afternoon was devoted
largely to discussion of pertinent matters.
The minority of the committee dissented
from the provisions in the bill relating
to the extension of the pneumatic tube
service, special fart mail facilities and
the cost of railroad transportation, and
these were the main subjects of conten
tion.
Loud of California, chairman of the
Postoffice Committee, explained the pro
visions of the bill, which carries $113,
334,800.
"Will not the increase of half a mil
lion for pneumatic tube service involve
millions in the near future?" asked Moody
of Massachusetts.
"That is about it," replied Loud, who
added: "The service should stop alto
gether or be extended. I have argued that
it should be stopped, but Congress has
seen tit to continue It."
Foreign countries employing the tube
service charge extra compensation for its
use. It was used only, for the transmis
sion of telegrams and special delivery let
ters. He declared his opinion to be that
the tube system could not be successfully
and economically administered.
"I hope to God." said he, "that Congress
will have the strength and wisdom to pre
vent the Government from embarking in
any more enterprises than it is now in."
Bell of Colorado attacked the exorbi
tant charge of railroads for carrying the
mails, which averaged 8 cents per pound.
The express rate from Boston to Chicago,
he said, was less than 1 cent .per pound.
Why should the Government pay more?
Since IS7S railroad rales had decreased 3a
per cent and passenger rates l~\-> per cent,
but the rate for carrying the mails had re
mained unchanged.
Bromwell of Ohio thought rural free de
livery service should be kept within the
experimental stage. He opposed the ex
tension of tho pneumatic tube service and
the special railroad mall facilities.
Games of Tennessee discussed trusts and
Sibley of Pennsylvania concluded the
day's debate. "We are engaged to-day."
he said, "in the commercial conquest of
the world, and anything which expedites
communication, whether It is rural free
delivery, fast mail subsidies or pneumatic
tube service, will command my support."
He added that if w*> desired to control the
markets of the world we must be able to
communicate with them quicker than any
other country. If 25 per cent of the com
pensation of the railroads was taken away
the efficiency of the service must suffer to
that extent.
Bill* were passed to dispose of the aban
doned Fort Buford #nilitary reservation In
North Dakota and Montana; to extend the
act for the construction of a dam-across
Rainy Lake River; to authorize the city of
Tucson. Ariz., to Issue bonds for water
works, etc.
At 3 o'clock the House adjourned.
British Fcouts. and a vigorous fight fol
lowed, the combatants getting so close
that revolvers were used on both sides.
During the fighting a brother of Lieuten
ant Corn, who formerly belonged to Buf
falo Bill's Wild West Show, but who.
upon the outbreak of the war. Joined
Loch's Horse, was killed. Another who
was captured had a map of certain parts
df the Orange Free State, which the Brit
ish had renamed Brandesla.
NEW YORK. April Zi.— Colonel Cody
said to-night that two Englishmen, John
and Arthur Kerwin.had formerly belonged
to the Wild West Show and both on re
turning to England joined the army. Both
had previous military training and he is
inclined to think the Lieutenant Corn re
ferred to in the Brandfort dispatch should
be Lieutenant Kerwln.
PATRIOTS EQUIP A GUN
FOUNDRY AT PRETORIA
LONDON, April 23.— Th* Lourenzo
Marques correspondent of the Times says:
"The foreign ordnance experts In the Boer
War Department have succeeded in equip
uing a big gun foundry at Pretoria. The
first gun has been sent to the Free State.
Nothing is known here regarding Its cali
ber."
CIVIL OFFICE FOR
SIR CHARLES WARREN
DURBAN. April 23.— General Sir Charles
Warren has been appointed administrator
of Bechuanaland. He sailed yesterday for
Cape Town. _
Boer Messengers Boastful.
ELANDS LAAGTE. April 23.— 80er mes
sengers who arrived in camp this morning
were Identified as Revs. a solicitor from
Boskburf, and Edwards, notorious for his
anti-English epepch after the Jameson
raid. They brought a letter, from the Boer
general to the commanding officer here.
They were much surprised at the ordinary
appearance of the camp. Revs declared
they were only getting used to the war
now and that the soldiers were only be
ginning to fight. The messengers were
finally escorted to tho outpost.
Return of the Maine.
SOUTHAMPTON. April 23.— The hospital
ship Maine arrived here from South Africa
this morning unexpectedly early. A
small group of friends of those on board
awaited her arrival and vigorously waved
their hands and handkerchiefs as they
recognized Lady Randolph Churchill on
the deck of the steamer. Immediately
after the vessel moored the officers board
ed the Maine, and within an hour air the
wounded rhen : were 'removed-. In ambu
lances/and placed on' board a' train bound
for Nettlev.
fPiF^* ASF *~^ _/
Builder
Chicago, Jan. 22, 1900.
Warners Safe Cure is a fine remedy for building up
a broken-down eystem, and I know personally of several
cases of kidney and liver troubles which were permanent y
cured through its us:. In fact I know of nothing which
equals it and am glad to spsak a good word fcr it.
ELIZABETH VETTER,
Chairman Shoe Operators' Union No. M.
SEEKING MEN
FOR PLACES IN
PORTO RICO
President Enlists the Aid of
the Members of His
Cabinet.
Secretary Root's Explanation of the
Granting of Extra Allowances to
Officers in Cuba Satisfies
the President.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— A meeting or
the Cabinet was held to-day, the Presi
dent having returned from New York for
that and other business. The Porto Rlcan
civil government occupied mast of the two
hours of the meeting. The President, with
the aid of his Cabinet ollfcers, Is trying
to secure men of prominence for the posts
In the Island. If the bill pending In Con
gress to allow army officers to continue
their positions Is passed the President will
be in no haste about appointments, but if
this bill threatens to hang lire he will
have to make the appointments by May 1.
At least two of the appointments are to
be made now. These are the Treasurer
and Auditor. Secretaries Gage and Root
have, it la said, decided upon men for
these positions. A native Porto Rican is
to be nominated as Treasurer, while an
American who has been serving in the
island is to be made Auditor. He is un
derstood to be an attache of the treasury
who has demonstrated ability and clever
ness in his work in the island.
The President has made a careful can
vass of the Americans living In the
Island, with a view of considering the wis
dom of appointing a number of them to
places. Attorney General Griggs is en
deavoring to Hnd for th<* President some
prominent lawyers in this country who
will accept the judicial places under the
new bill. The salaries are so small that
few lawyers of note can be found to con
sider the positions.
The effort to collect from Turkey the
claims of the United States was .brought
up by Secretary Hay, who told of the ne
gotiations up to this time. His statement
made the Cabinet hopeful that a settle
ment can be secured at an early date, al
though the members realize it is a hard
problem to solve. -
Another milter briefly* discussed was
that of additional pay allowed a few army
officers in Cuba. Attorney General Griggs
had been asked if any law had been vio
lated. He reported to the Cabinet that
there was no violation of law and that the
action taken was warranted. ,
Secretary Root then told the Cabinet the
facts in the case. He said that soon after
General Brooke was made Governor Gen
eral of the Island he wrote to the "War
Department asking to be relieved, say
ing that he could not maintain a family
In the United States and run an expensive
establishment In Havana on the salary
and allowance he received from the Gov
ernment. He declared that he would be
come bankrupt. He referred to the great
amount of entertaining he was forced to
do and to the fact that the people of the
island expected this. The War Depart
ment official?, after serious consideration,
decided to allow General Brooke an addi
tional allowance from the Cuban funds.
The same decision was arrived at In the
case of General Ludlow, Colonel Bliss and
one or two others.
The Cabinet members say that the ex
planation of Secretary Root was satisfac
tory to the President.
WARNEB'S REMEDIES.
/?^_____________^^\
MARKET ST. SJ. <^rt^
A £X .Verwt!« DUeates— Failins Mem-
ex. Sleepiasanau, etc.. caused oy over-
work aad Indiscretions. Theu c/uifkiv
•mi xurely restore Lost Vitality in oil
or Toong. and fit a duo fcr »' udj. busi-
ness or pleasure. Pravent Inv^itj «ai
Consumption it takea in tim*. Tb«n>
lmediate improvement sad efiecta CUSS
where all others fail. Insist nponhaTinathtfgeu'jiua
AJaz Tablets. They Bars cared thotnajida and will
rare too. We gi»e a positive written guarantee to ef-
fect a cure In each ca«« or refaad tho money. Pric*
RA l»f - l* r paekvs or six packages Ifall tr»ns-
OU I 1 3 • ment) for $2.50 by mail, in plain writer,
open receipt ofcrice. Circulars tree.
AJAX REMEDY CO., "___*"__**
For sale la S. F. by Lelpnlta & Co.. Ni f er«
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. Oaki'd.
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good.
Never fciciceu. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 25c. £0c Write
for Tree samplo. and booklet on health. Address
Stf rllng nrmrdj Company, Chicago, Jlottrol, N*« Y«i. 3Sl*
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
<3*NT\ CRUZ Mountains — A quiet ranch, five
from Santa Cruz: delightful sumrr.-r
home In redwowls; running water; abundance
fruit- good table: terms $5 59 week. Address
W CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
If jon haven't a regular, healthy movement of the
bowels every day. you're sick, or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and be well. Force, in tbe shape of
violent pby.slc or pill poison, is dangerous. The
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way of keeping the
bowels clear anil clean is to tako
WHEELER'S RESIGNATION
FROM CONGRESS GIVEN OUT
Governor Johnston of . Alabama
Makes Public a Letter Written
by the Old Soldier.
MONTGOMERY. Ala.. April 23.-Gover
nor Johnston to-day made public a letter
written by General Joe Wheeler on the
20th inst., formally tendering his resigna
tion as Alabama's Representative In Con
gress from the Eighth District. General
Wheeler states that when he tendered his
resignation from the army to President
McKlnley in November last he intended
to resume his. seat in Congress, but that,
upon his arrival in Washington, he was
notified by the Speaker of the House that
the Speaker's ruling would be that his
failure to be present when Congress con
vened had worked a forfeiture of his seat.
General Wheeler proposes to remain in
Washington and watch the Interests of
his State until his successor shall be
elected.
MAYA INDIANS MEET
WITH HEAVY LOSSES
Federal Troops, Under General
Bravos, Have Several Sharp En
gagements With the Rebels.
OAXACA, Mexico. April 23.— General
Bravos* force of Mexican troops has had
several severe engagements with the
Maya Indians in Yucatan during the last
ten days and the rebels have suffered a
heavy loss in killed and wounded. Colonel
Francisco Gonzales, son of former Presi
dent Gonzales. led a brilliant attack on a
strongly intrenched position occupied by
a force of 500 Indian? and drove, the latter
back into the dense forests. The Govern
ment troops captured a large store of
arms and ammunition and found supplies
which the Indians abandoned in their
hasty retreat.
RAISIN GROWERS OFFER
TO RETURN CONTRACTS
Association Has Failed to Secure tho
Necessary Seventy-five Per Cent
of the Acreage.
FRESNO, April 23.— President Kearney
of the Raisin Growers' Association to-day
announced that the association had failed
to secure the 75 per cent of the raisin
Hcreage required, and offered to return
contracts to those" that signed them.
The directors ask., however, that they
be allowed to market the portion of the
crop secured, between 50 and 55 per cent,
and cut prices, to meet the competition of
those outside the association.
PLAGUE IN SYDNEY.
Two Deaths Beported and Eight New
Cases Discovered.
SYDNEY, N. S. .W.., April .23.— Two
deaths from the plague and eight cases of.
that disease are reported , here to-day.
MELBOURNE, April 23.—Plague-infect
ed rats have been found at the Brisbane,
Auckland and Melbourne wharves.
DEBILITY!
WEAKNESS!
Mental and Physical
Exhaustion
-eo»^ Cured by HUD-
/£^J?& _ VAN. The num-
irt~" a ' Ir*» bers show the
"W/MA^ '&ss&s%£& roints of weak-
to a lettlng-down
l^^^^^^^^^^W Headaches or^U-
1^ il!!? IOW fl? ' 6:
s?Kf\ feflMcSy < "^^ oftMks: fig. 5;
5x V^O^V^ KvSc coatef i tongue, fig.
yy ' \s!r73L - fso* <: palpitation of
5S Y3^ r^^' »BS9 heart, flgr. 3; d!s-
wi 1 JKW ordered digestion,
-y LtXjS fig- 2; torpid liver.
J? <* !*lw flg. 1. and constl-
5c o X? patlon. Clouded
X € ' p$K memory, lack of
A | Hm energy, despond-
zfXr- S7~AyC* ene 'y- Irritability,
X'tx" {X\VV< weakness, bark-
> yv v > |t jVy / ache, horrid
y (m s ' dreamß, nau?ea —
\ 'J/D a " ff 1 *"" 5 * denote
*-j nervous trouble.
. I JIUDTAX cures
I one and all the
I above symptoms.
I because it builds
J up • the nervous
pyptem. II IT D-
?&% makes Its influ-
'Siiy healthful sleep.
lU.TDVAN makes
one look young and feel young, for it pro-
vides nerve force nnd vitality.
Tell your druggist that you want HI7PVAX.
and nothing else; r.iv a package, six packages
for $2 50. If your druggist does not keep it.
Fend direct to Hudyan Remedy Co., cor. Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market sts., fan Francisco, Cal.
#¦ .^ o f trje Hudyar) Remedy
I nfIPTfIDC I Co. mcy be coQsulted
I IJUL I UllO | by. letter or In person*
? *V/rlte your symptoms.
SEND FOR CIRCULARS AND TESTIMON-
IALS OF THE GREAT HUDYAN— FREE.
Prominent Jurist Dead.
LAWRENCE, Kans., April 23.— Judge
Charles Hardwick, who came to Kansas
in 1857 from New York, died at his home
here to-day. He was Attorney General
of Kansas in 1860. and in 1864 was appoint
ed paymaster general by Governor Car
ney.
Judge Chadwick Passes Away.
LAWRENCE. Kans.. April 23.— Judge
Charles Chadwick died at his home here
to-day. Judge Chadwick was born in New
York. He served as Attorney General of
Kansas in 1860. *
BOERS CHECK
RELIEF FORCE
Continued from First PaKe
day and night at Jammersburg Drift. The
English entranchments have been so full
of rain that the men have been obliged
every now and theii to clamber to the
banks, only to be shot down. The Boers'
were so drenched on Saturday that they
were unable to sleep, so they started a
debate on the subject of the good to be
derived from virtue and courage. The
discussion lasted most of the night, sheila
at intervals interrupting the speakers.
Robertson Towermill is reported to have
been captured on April 21. and it is said
that the Cape Mounted Rifles have lost
during the siege 120 out of 500 men. The
British prisons rs defy the burghers to cap
ture Colonel Dalgety's camp, even if the
British are not reinforced. A surprising
number of relatives arc fighting on oppo
site sides at Wepener.
* '
BRITISH CAPTURE
OF PAARDE KRAAL
BLOEMFONTEIN, April 23.— Colonel Al
derson's corps of mounted infantry, con
si.-ting of the First Battalions of the First
and Second Canadian Regiments and
Strathcona Horf-e. was engaged In the
operations of General Polf-Carew and
General French. Alderson had undertaken
to drive the Boers from their line of de
fense south of the water works. The
Canadians sustained a heavy fire. The
Boers shelled Alderson, who made a
marching movement around Leeuw Kop,
on the extreme left of the Boer position.
When the British battery opened fire the
Boers removed the gun. I^euw Kop was
found evacuated this morning. General
Dickson's cavalry brigade, which made a
wide detour to the left, found its further
progress barred by a strong Boer position.
LONDON. April 23.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Standard, discussing
the operations at Leeuw Kop, says: "At
an early stage the cavalry came under a
heavy lire from a pompom on a ridge ad
joining Leeuw Kop. Unable to continue
its march to the southeast. General Dick
son's brigade fell back to the north to
await the infantry attack. The flanking
movement having failed. General Pole-
Carew, with General Stephenson's brigade,
advanced in crescent formation from the
south and west, with the object of en
veloping the kopjes. The Welsh, War
wickshire. Essex and Yorkshire regiments
advanced in extended line, covering the
we?t, while the Guards Brigade took up
a position to the south, with two field bat
teries and naval guns. Sheltered by the
rocks, the enemy opened a heavy lire
from the rifles and a pompom.
"Our men advanced over the open
ground in splendid style by a succession
of short rushes, falling prone while pour-
Ing in their volleys. The approach of
darkness threatened to leave .the Boers
in pos?ession, but just before sunset the
Esfex Regiment gallantly pressed forward
and drove the last man of the enemy from
Paarde Kraal, a bold spur of Leeuw
Kop."
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Times says: "The British cavalry were
checked. Colonel Alderson worked partly
around the flank of Leeuw Kop. but he
was not supported. The move checked
the enemy, but fear of nightfall precluded
the possibility of a mate."
BOERS GIVE WAY
AT BUSHMAN'S KOP
MASERU. April 23.— Fighting began
early this morning at Bushmans Kop. The
colonial division under General Brabant
advanced, cautiously followed and sup
ported by General Hart's infantry brigade.
It was found that the Boers had evacu
ated their position on Bushmans Kop dur
ing the night.
A running fight has been proceeding
throughout the day, the British gradually
advancing and the Boers losing ground.
General Brabant Is moving In a north
easterly direction, keeping Basutoland
close on his right flank. Thousands of
Basutos are watching the operations. Our
casualties so far are twenty-five wounded.
The British are bivouacking to-night, ac
cording to the lates-t report, eight miles
from Wepener, and the Boers who are
besieging Colonel Dalgety appear to be
preparing to retire.
A stubborn fight is believed to have oc
curred in the direction of Dewetsdorp.
where the Boers are in strong, force with
a lot of guns, and where also there is a
relief column, apparently General Run
die's. Wepener, however, is already prac
tically relieved by the withdrawal of a
large portion of the besiegers.
PORTUGUESE PRESS
SCORES GOVERNMENT
LISBON. April 23.— The press continues
to criticize the Government's acquiescence
in the transport of British troops across
Portuguese East African territory to
Rhodesia. The Commercio affirms that
the Government has thereby violated par
agraph nine of the constitution, and
maintains that if Great Britain's right to
transport across Portuguese territory is
admitted, her right to establfsh an arsenal
at the mouth of the Tagus might be
equally recognized.
LONG SENTENCES FOR
CAPE COLONY REBELS
CAPE TOWN. April 21— The trial of
twenty-nine rebels was begun here to-day
in spite of an application for a postpone
ment of the proceedings on the pround
that a fair trial was impossible at this
place. Three of the prisoners were sen
tenced to five years' Imprisonment each.
The sentences imposed upon the others
varied from three years to six months,
according to their ages.
AMERICAN SCOUTS IN
BATTLE AT BRANTFORT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUANDFORT. April. 21 (via Lourenzo
Marquez, April 23). — A patrol of American
ecouts serving with. the Boers made a
reconnoissance early to-day as far' as
Modder River. It came Into contact with
JOAQUIX ESLAUE, WHO WAS HANGED AT SAN QT7ENTIN FOR
THE MURDER OF CHARLES E. GATES.
committee. Senator Clark cannot be permitted
to retain lii? seat. He received fifty-four votee,
and there were twenty-nine afrainst him. leav
ing him an apparent majority of twenty-five. I£
he obtained through ill '¦¦pal and corrupt prac
tices eight votes which would otherwise hay«
been cart aguinst him, he was not legally
elected.
The majority of the committee oxpre 1 "?
the opinion lhat the transactions concern
ing the Judges of the Supreme Court of
Montana need special consideration, and
relating the circumstances connected with
this episode they remark:
I "pen the foregol.-*; undisputed facts and
other facts which are controverted, a majority
of the committee believe that Senator' Clark's
HKents. in their desperation on account of the
decision of the court to take jurisdiction in th»
Wellcome cage, attempted an improper ap
proach to the Judges of the court ami to Attor
ney General Nolan, which of Itself cannot but
have a certain influence In the consideration of
the other acts of tbe agents in connection with
the Senatorial election. A majority of the com
mittee, however, believe that the transactions
wore res inter alirs ncta. and thai the evidence
doe? not sufficiently hrln* home to Senator
• 'lark or his agents any improper attempt to
influence the court or tne Attorney General.
The report was presented by Senator
Chandler for the entire commitlee, and
was not signed. A minority of the com
mittee.did not approve of some of the
features. The views of the minority will
be submitted later. Senator Clark refused
to make any statement at this time.
RECOMENDS
THAT CLARK
BE UNSEATED
Senate Receives the Report
of Its Committee on
Elections.
IMMEDIATE ACTION URGED
Findings Are Made on a Number of
Admitted or Undisputed Facts
With Their Attendant
Circumstances.
CALK HEADQUARTERS. WEI.-
I.INGTOX HOTEL. WASHING
TON. April 23.— Clark <-f Montana
will resipn his seat In the I'nited
Ptatcs Senate. His communication
to the Senate has already been pre
pared. It may be placed to-morrow
afternoon.
Senator Oark. when seen this
'evening, declined to discuss his
plans, but from a centieman who is
as close as any one to the Montana
millionaire and who dined with him
this ever.hip. full confirmation was
received of the -announcement.
Senator ciark will carry his res
ignation with him when he poos to
the Capitol to-morrow. It was
known that Senator Clark has come
to the conclusion that the most
dignified course for him to pursue
la to withdraw gracefully and to po
before the peoyle of his Slate with
the request that they give him a
vote of confidence and again send
him to Washington.
WASHINGTON. April 2T,. — Senator
Chandler, from the Senate Committee on
Privileges and Elections, to-day submit
ted to the Senate the report of lhat com
mittee in the case of Senator Clark of
Monwir.a. The report Is comparatively
brief, covering only about fifteen pages
of printed matter. It does not rehearse
the testimony, but simply presents the
firming: of the committee a«d its reasons
for its course. The finding of the com
mittee i* stated as follows:
The fir.uiriE of the committee is that the elec
tion to i>\e Senate of William A. Clark of Mon
tana is null and void on amount of briberies,
attempted brib-rles and corrupt practices by
his ajents. and «'f violation of the laws of
Mcr.tans defining and punishing crimes against
Ihe elective franchise.
In view of this Jindlngr the committee
report! and unanimously recommends th<>
adoption l>y the Senate of the following:
resolution:
Resolved, That William A. Clark was not
«Ju!y end lcpaliy elected to a seat in the t=en
rie of :r.<= l.'nlted States by the Legislature of
the ttate of Montana.
Thf committee states that its finding: is
made la vi.-w of certain admitt»-.l <>r uu
«! .<rut':-d ( tacts, with their attendant cir
cumftanrcs. appearing In the testimony
taken by th<- committee, and these are
enumerated under nfteen headings, as fol
lows:
1. The expenditures in the contest of 1S1»5. as
testified lv Vy Senator Clark and Governor
Hauser.
2 Quotas the law of ISPr, relative to crimes
atain^t the flevtive franchise, which limited
in j-un>o*e and amount ihe political expendi
tures which could be made in any election.
Hther by tiolitical committee or a candidate,
especially naming a candidate for United States
Senator, who cou'.d not give more than JlOOO to
eny one committee in a county and could not
pay more than fICW for h!s personal expenses
in lawful ways sr>ecified.
Z. Asserts that S^natar Clark ha* been con
stantly a. candidate for office, and gives his
record in that res»ect and notes tli«> organisa
tion of a committee in his Interest in the
summer cf 1835. after the consultation of his
friends in Eutte.
To this con-.miitee he gave unlimited author
ity to spend tncnejr which he agreed to furnish,
an estimate, however, liemg made that nt W«t
jV: ..ii v.oaM be necessary to secure the State
Convention and that HS.MI might l<e needed to
fecure the fftatt- Lr-eislature.
Expenditures Admitted.
4. In the r-anva" which eru=ue<l approximate
expenditure* admitted by t* 1 * various member*
tif His oomtrii l l f"& &*i*l t h^* r 3ss3?tfint!* w^*i*** &£•
follow*: «'harl^ "VV. nark. J'JS.f""; hy MrD°r
mott. t2i.»''<: by ravidmn. agent. CLXM: by
\\>ilc<>Tne, JCo.flfif'; by Steele. S11.000: by Corr>?U.
?;<*:«•: by Whitmore. $«*<»: by '"oupcr. Jj:<W.
mainly furni»hM l y Charier TV. Clark, and the
amount of tli<>se «>xi.»»nditur<»* Senatn r Oark
h!m»pl( pail to hi? son. The advance and
payment* ma/)» by f>nator Clark to his rim
rnittee and a**>n?s. a* a<lmiu<vl by him.
fcm^orTeil to $Is3.W»'. of which sum Charles W.
cisrk revived on AuKurt 12. is??. J35.<w. ; Oc
tober 17. jrrfi.nr-O; November 23. 540.0 M. and Feb
ruary 13. 1!W, V&JXZ. and in aiiiition to thin
J13?.(/>0 Senator <Hark paid $.wn to McDermolt.
r.ne of hi* arents: jvxm to Wellcome, nil at
torney, and $".000 to E. C Day. a member of
the l/»cis!ature.
t. None cf the members of the committee or
their as-FiFtants mad» the Fworn returns re
quited try Irw. nor did Senator Clark himself
make j-ny returns.
Sections € to I<H d^al with the business
transactions of Mr. Clark and his repre
sentatives with members of the LiOE^isla
ture. includitiK the purchase of Repre
sentative McLau.ehlin's property, the ttn
<ler of $o>Xt to Represe^ntatlve Woods to
raise the mortgage on his ranch and the
subsequent sale fif the ranch; the estab
lishment of a bank after the adjournment
tit the I^ejrislature lars^ly through the
»>fforts of Senator Turnoy and Represen-
Tatlve? Kversole and Shevlln of Broad
water County, the sale of lots and other
property in JofferFor. County to a repre
pentative of Mr. <"lark by Senator War
ner; th*» conduct of Messrs. Garr. Griper,
Kir.e. Beaslry and Rywater. and the pres
ent of S.V»v» to Representative Pay after
the adjournment of thr> Legislature.
Contiriuinir. the report pays:
In connection with the consideration of four
rnftf- of it tempted brilier^-— r.f Clark of MHdl
fon. Myerf. Oarr snd Whtteyide- it is import
ant to psate. in view of the difference of <?pin
ic.n in the committee ccncernlnK the credibility
<>f Mepsr». Clark of Madison. Myers and White
si<S«. that the whole committee finds that if
> :: the testimony concurring the JJO.WK) and all
the testimony of Mr. Whtteside antf Mr. Clark
of Madison were !aid a^ide. there would utill
remain sufficient evidence in the rate to lead
ihe committee to find, as they do. that Mr.
<nark"F election i* void. From the briberies
which have been erfablished the majority of
the committee feels justified in finding that
there were other successes in procuring by cor
rupt practices the votes of member? of the
Legislature, where the facts cannot be directly
proved.
Of the conduct of the Republican tiiem-
Vvers of the J^gislature who voted for Mr.
Clark the committee says:
The conduct of the Republican members of
th*> Legislature who. on the 2Sth of January,
left their Republi'-an candidate and voted for
penator Clark and rave him his ejection, in
the opinion c.f the majority of the committee,
tails for sj-ecia! criticism. There was an abso
lute deadlock snd no possibility of the election
cf a Democrat without the aid of the Repub
licans. It is difficult to account for these Re
publican votes for Senator Clark. Senator
Clark's candidacy had been tainted on the 10th
of January by the Whiteside exposure.
The majority of the committee express
for Mr. Clark s=<^m to be pretenses and cov
•r*. Mr. Clark, who had been negotiating with
Mr. Hobenn. the I*s->r of the Republican*.
»rot 4» a letter on the 16th of January, in whirh
he declared himvlt to b? in tmxat of a tariff on
Montana product*. Some of th» Republicans
*a!d th»r* ought not lo b* a deadlock, and that
it would be brtter to hay» a Democratic Sena
tor tnr.n a vacancy.
So orw pretend* that any effort »>« made. to
bring about thf election or any other Democrat
than Mr. dark, against wnose agents the
charge of bribery have Iwn made. The com
mittee do not Fay that the votes of all the
Hevea Republican* were improperly secured,
but that thofe of Ueiprr. Beasley and Rywater
were haf already be*-n found. The clrcum-
Ftanc#» of FUFplclon against the others are nu
merous.
The committee pay* th«» direct violations
by Senator Clark and his committee and
njrent« of the provisions of tho Montana
laws are of the Jir*t importance in con
nection with the conclusions reached by
the committee.
Legal Phases.
Commenting on the legal phases of the
cas«*, the committee says:
Aacordi&g to the law. as understood by th«
'HE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, TUESDAY, APRIL 24. 1900.
ESLABE DIES
WITH A SMILE
ON HIS LIPS
Murderer of Charles Gates
Pays the Penalty of
His Crime.
Wife and Child Disowned Him After
.Sentence and His Body Will
Be Buried in the Prison
Yard.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAX QUENTIN PRISON. April 23.— The
crowd of morbid sensation-seekers who
made San Quentln their mecca this morn
ing were disappointed of the scene they
hoped for. Joaquln Eslabe died on the
scaffold with a smile on his face and a
cigarette between his lips. The Oakland
murderer shot through the trap at 10:31
a. m.. Hangman Frank Arbogast being his
executioner. Life was pronounced ex
tinct In nine and a half minutes by Dr.
Casey, the prison physician.
Eslabe frequently vowed he would cheat
the gallows and his general demeanor was
that of a man who would create a scene
on the scaffold, hence the crowd was one
of the largest ever witnessed here at an
execution. \.
At a few minutes after 10 o'clock/ War
den Aguirre entered the death chamber
accompanied by the death watch, Guards
Mueller and Begley. The two priests.
Father Vallentine of Sausalito and Sulli
van of San Rafael, then left Eslabe's stee
to walk with the Warden in Tront of the
condemned man, guarded on either side
on his last walk from the death cell to the
gallows. As the Warden addressed him
Eslabe smiled pleasantly, and rolled and
lit a cigarette with a hand ,as firm as
though he were going to freedom. He
then professed himself prepared and the
procession started. A few seconds later
the trap fell. Eslabe having spoken no
word nor shown trace of fear. The drop
was 5 feet 8 inches.
The execution was chiefly remarkable
for not having: been performed on Friday,
being the second to b«* held outside that
day within the walls, the other exception
—Miller the hunchback— having met death
on a Wednesday. '
The crime for which Eslabe paid his life
was the murder of Charles E. Gates, a
tamale vender in Oakland, on the night of
March 27, IS9S. Gates, a cripple, was tied
to his chair by Eslabe. and after the Mex
ican had robbed his victim of a $25 watch
and $1 75 he beat the cripple's skull to a
jelly with a piece of paspipe. Gates had
on several occasions befriended Eslabe,
and tho latter owed him a small sum.
Eslabe blamed his lawyers for the sen
tence of death pronounced on him by
Judge Opden of. Oakland. The murderer's
wife and child disclaimed him after the
death sentence and he died to-day alone
and friendless. His body will be buried
in the prison cemetery.
Weak Men and Women
SHOITLD USE DAMIANA BITTER 3, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 523 Market.
Bm EL' S9 CATHARTIC
TRADe MAHK BEOIBTCRID -g*^
' /£r — """* > \ STRICTLY
«g V RELIABLE
IjSy DR * T - ALCOTr
/ o*^S» V Diseases and Weak-
v7 §Lj=^? nesses of
r v^f> MEN ONLY -
Vi \r/ // »97 Markit 6t, Cor. 6th.
)^ * ' j Entire Upper Floor.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and 11. R. WARNER. Hers.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates. $10. $12 and Jit per week.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTT.
Dancing In Ballroom every evening; George
W. Watson. Dancinsr Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLT GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTT.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call en L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery street.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oakland;
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
street, San Francisco.
Take a Hot Sand Bath
Free country life among cak-clad
hills away from wind and fog; a
fine hotel with every modern con-
venience and new home-like cot-
tages. Beautiful hill and valley
drives. FAMOUS MINERAL
MUD and HOT SULPHUR and
SAND BATHS. Enjoy life and re-
gain health.
AT PASO ttOBLES
HOT SPRINGS
Flowers and well kept grounds.
• tennis, croquet, shady walks and
groves. Rates, including hotel,
baths and physician's attendance.
110 to J2l a week. Write for illus-
trated booklet.
SFECIAL ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further information apply to
Frank W. Ely. City Agent. Tel.
Red 2326. 640 Market St., S. F.
Otto E. Nersr, Proprietor. P*so Roblt*. Cil.
F*A7V\OUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Gout, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scen-ry. delightful walks. Huntlnr and flsh-
lng No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. 113 to $14 per week. Trains
Jeave Third and Townsend streets. 3. F. . 9 a.
•n. and »:45 p. m. daily. Carriages at GUroy
far RD-13E3. Fcr Illustrated pamphlets address
P R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake Connty to
rjvnd your vacation. Boating, bathing. bowl-
Ing tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
Circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Lacrel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
GLENWOOD HOTEL,
A rr.ont' the redwoeds. Santa Cruz Mountains; 5
minutes' walk from depot: cream, fruit, poul-
try: chalybeate springs, swimming tank, amuse-
ment hall; acetylene gas. -Round trip. $2 50; is
to $10 per week; free carriage. WM. MARTIN.
Glenwood. Cal. .
CARLSBAD W%M£:
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropty, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: J!0 a week: lighted by gas.
W. R. M'GOVERN. Kelseyvllle. Lake Co.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, vnder new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting,
boating and bathing. For further particulars
address O. WEISMAN.. 4I Third st..- S. F., Cal.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And . . .
SodaJSprings.
SEASON OPENS JUKE 15.
Located In the midst of strand and Impressive
mountain scenery with Mt. Shasta
• and the Crags for a
background.
FIXE HL'XTING AND FISHINO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip, lncludlr.j
sleeper both ways. $14.00.
For rates, term 3 and other information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Care Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, CmrU Z£&J
Monterey County. Cal. — For health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profuston
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths : swlmmlcs tank 30x<0 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet. lawn tennis and
dance hail: large hotel aad 20 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families : all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
rend streets. San Francisco, 9 a. in. ; First aad
Broadway, Oakland. 9:13 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trio tickets U. at S.
P. of£ce. 613 Market street. Telephone and
postofflc*. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. I* PERRAtJLT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
liiiir
SOUTH BEN LOMOND. CAI*
OPENS MAY 15th under entirely new man-
agement. My personal attention w!U b« pai<t
to the cuisine and service, which will t>« sur-
passed by none. Full information at Traveler
offlce. CO Montgomery st.. or
B. DICKINSON. l*r*»p
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah. Mendocino Ccnntr.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place in the world of this cla33 o» waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovly
grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal sprJns:
accommodations and table first class. Opeas
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMETER A CO.. Proprietors.
c\rAr*r*cz hot springs. soxmiA
©l\/\VJvIO County; only *M hours
from San Francisco and btit nine- miles of
staging; waters noted for ncOtetna] virtues;
best natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams a£ Jb'*!^ - wTt '
tMprranh- <1t!!v mall and express, rircsi-
CLASS HOTEI. AND STAGE SERVICE;
morning and afternoon «tag»<<: found trip from
Ban Francisco only » 50. »<ike Tiburon ferry
at 7-W am. or «:» P. »• Terms. 13 a day or
JIS a week References— Any guest of the past
flYe years- patronage constantly increasing,
nve years. P«JJ n p « MUL orew. Proprietor.
M Ann WeST
I I |f SPRINGS
Opttmci M\T Ist. Round Trip. 13 73. Send fo-
ch^ulars. - FRKESE & JUERGENSEN.
Propr£tor S "-City office. 9» Larkln street.
n^^OCALOMA, "Jg 5
iroTBANP HOTEL— First-daw aecommo-
«X" T r £UonaM" ral«; for familes and par-
hVh • flVhlng hithire. beatutiful drive, to B*ar
Bss»
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
vatural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
h-jntln* and livery. Write for pamphlet. X
Manager.
linuT r V'ICT 4 OPEN MAT Ist: ton* of
Bill It lIjIA fruit: hel:> yourself; illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MAYAN. Dutch
Flat. Cal.
13q 1 o /¦»/> Tn e covered passage-
Jt dldvsv? ws *y connecting these
two Immense struc-
. tures places under
, one. management I*»>
QYirl rooms, 300 of which
Ctiltl have baths attached.
_________ Tourists and travel-
ers from every section
f% _, j of the world recognize
IrPaTln nnd appreciate the
v-x UIIW comforts and conveni-
e nces offered by these
•._ '¦'.' hotels. _:
IJ^f^lr, American plan. Eu-
livlvlb ropean plan.
2
F;>wia! Dispatch to Th« Call.CHAPLAIN DAVID H. SHIELDS.
PHILADELPHIA, April 23.— David
Haddington Shields, a post chaplain in
the United States army, died suddenly to
day in the Pennsylvania Hospital. The
Coroner has ordered a post mortem ex
amination to determine the cause of
death.
Shields, ¦who Is supposed to be about 47
years of age, went to a hotel this morn
ing ostensibly to take a Turkish bath.
While there he was taken suddenly ill
and an ambulance was called, which took
the sick man to the hospital, where he
died.
A letter to the Coroner from Dr. John
I. McKelwey states that death was prob
ably due to pneumonia and alcoholism,
with a history of an alleged injury to the
head.
The 6ad story of Rev. Mr. Shields' down
fall, which has culminated In his death, is
well known to the citizens of San Fran
cisco.
The unfortunate minister was appointed
a chaplain in the army two years ago.
He was stationed at Alcatraz when
charges were filed against him of conduct
prejudicial to the good order and disci
pline of the army. It was shown at the
trial that he had been Intoxicated on sev
eral occasions in the presence of enlisted
men and civilians and he was found
guilty. The findings of the court-martial
were approved by the Washington author
ities and the chaplain was dismissed from
the army on February 1. Shortly there
after he was found unconscious on the
water front, suffering from want and ex
posure as much as from the effects of
alcoholism. He was treated at the City
Receiving Hospital, when Mrs. Dr. d'An
cona. the wife of the Supervisor, became
interested In his case. She made arrange
ments whereby. the ex-chaplain was sent
to his family in Fort Wayne, Ind. What
became of Rev. Mr. Shields from the time
he was started homeward from this city
was unknown until the news of his sud
den death In Philadelphia was received In
the above dispatch.
PASTORS TELL
OF THE FOREIGN
MISSION WORK
First Business Session of the
Ecumenical Conference
Held in New York.
Results Accomplished by Mission
aries in the Philippines, Tur
key, Hawaii and Else
where Set Forth.
NEW YORK, April 23.— The first busi
ness sessions of the Ecumenical Confer
ence on Foreign Missions began simulta
neously at 9:30 o'clock to-day in Carnegie
Hall and the Central Presbyterian Church.
Walter B. Sloan, secretary of the Inland
Mission of China, led the devotional ex
ercises in Carnegie Hall, and tho Rev.
James Cunningham, M. A., of the Memo
rial Presbyterian Church of Wansworth,
London, conducted the exercises at the
Central Presbyterian Church. At Carnegie
Hall the Rev. Dr. Augustus H. Strong,
president of Rochester Theological Sem
inary, delivered an address on the
"Authority and Purpose of Foreign Mis
sions."
At the conclusion of Dr. Strong's ad
dress the Rev. J. Hudson Taylor, founder
of the China Inland Mission, spoke on
"The Source and Power in Foreign Mis
sions." Robert E. Spier, secretary of the
Board of Foreign Missions of the Presby
terian Church, also spoke on foreign mis
sions.
The meeting In the Central Presbyterian
Church was addressed by Rev. James I.
Vance of Nashville, Term.; Rev. Henry T.
Chapman, secretary of the United Metho
dist Free Churches in England; Rev. Paul
Deschwinitz, secretary of the Board of
Missions of the Moravian Church, and
Rev. Dr. ' H. C. Mable, secretary of the
American Baptist Union. Rev. James
Cunningham, M. A., of London, England,
presided, and contributed ajew words to
the discussion of the theme for the day
on "The Authority and the Purpose, the
Source and Power and the Supreme and
Determining Aim in Foreign Missions."
Rev. I. B. Wolf, Rev. J. wllkie. Rev. L
W. Scudder, Rev. Dr. Parker of Northern
Indiana and Rev. J. E. Abbott of Bombay
addressed the meeting upon ; missionary
work in Farther India.
The meeting at the Madison-avenue Re
formed Church was devoted to a discus
sion of missionary work In Mohammedan
lands. Rev. James L. Barton, president
of the American Board of Missions In Tur
key spoke of the situation In the Ottoman
empire Rev. William Jessup spoke upon
mission work In Syria. L. H. Hutton of
the Presbyterian Missionary Board spoke
on missions In Arabia, J. Hargrave Ridge
ford on early efforts of missionaries in
North Africa, and John Glffan, a mission
ary in Egypt of the United Presbyterian
church, on ]sgypt. George Washburn,
president of Roberts College in Constanti
nople, and Dr. Grace Klmball of Vassar
College, formerly missfcnary to Turkey,
spoke briefly on Turkey, Dr. Edward
Higgs on Greece and Rev. C. T. Wilson
on Jerusalem and mission work in Pales
tine.
At the Broadway ' Tabernacle to-day
several missionaries gave a general sur
vey of the mission work In the islands of
the Pacific. Bishop John Hurst of Wash
ington spoke on the Philippines. Rev.
Canon Edwards of the Exeter Cathedral,
London,' and secretary of the London Bible
Society, then spoke on the work which the
Bible Society has done In the Islands of
the Pacific. He sa!d that the society had
spent over twenty years In compiling a
New Testament in the language of the
Filipinos, but Spain had not allowed them
to do any. missionary work in the Islands,
hence they had not been able to make any
use of the work,' but now that they had
the United States to deal with the society
would allow the American missionaries to
use this work. He also said, referring to
the United States: "England rejoices in
your Joys and delights in your prosper
liev. Dr. Wardlaw Thomson of London
and Rev. John C. Payton of the New
Hebrides told of the work in those dis
tricts. Rev. J. R. Callandach. D. D., of
Dorn. Holland, spoke on the Dutch mis
sion work in Java. Borneo and Sumatra,
and was followed by Rev. O. H. Gulich. a
native of Hawaii, and Rev. W. E. Cousins
of Madagascar.
WHISKY SAVED
MANY PERSONS
FROM DROWNING
Why the Attempt to Blow Up
Welland Canal Lock
Failed.
Conspirators Discovered Through
Their Too-Free Indulgence
in a Tonic for the
Uerves.
NIAGARA FALLS. N. V., April 23.— 1f
Karl Dullxnan, John Nolln (not Nolan, as
k was first reported) and John Walsh, the
dynamiters who last Saturday morning
tried to blow cut a lock on the Welland
canal at Thorold, had not been so free In
their use of whisky the chances are that
a good many of the people of the village
of llcrriton and the country round-about
¦would have been drowned. The men did
their planning when they were sober, but
when the time came for their last and
most dangerous move they were drunk.
As a result they did their work carelessly
and used topers' judgment in their selec
tion of a time to put their plans Into ex
ecution. They lowered the dynamite into
the lock at 7:30 o'clock in the evening,
•whm they could be plainly seen from a
distance. Had they waited until midnight
and cone to the scene sober they would
no doubt have blown out the lock. Per
sons familiar with the region say that had
the lock at Thorold been opened the rush
of water from the surface level above
would have swept the town of Merriton
out of existence, destroyed a section of
Thorold and devastated a vast area.
Thp Canadian authorities are at present
as much in the dark as to the motive of
the dyruvrohers as they were on Sunday.
They "are a!.«o without positive knowledge
of the identity of the prisoners. Three
theories have bt-en advanced— that the
m*-n were hired by lioer sympathizers,
that FfnSans instigated it and that the
men were hired to do the job by enemies
of th« Connor syndicate, hoping the de
struction cf the Canadian waterway would
prevent for this Reason the passage of any
cram through Montreal. The latter the
ory found support as it was suggested,
and to-Cay every one along the Canadian
bor<J<-r. the dr-t«--ctives and other officers
included, expressed their belief in this so
lution.
Prfposterous as It pounds, still, the of
ficers said, it was a shade less ridiculous
than the other theories. Referring to the
cause to-day. Chief Ycung of this place
jaid:
"Thorp is not tho slightest doubt in my
mind that the ir.^n were tools for some
body of m^n. Thf force behind It all may
not b« learned, but if it is I feel satisfied
that there will bo a sensation which will
cause talk for a long time." .
tive Sons of the Golden West," parties of
the second part.
It deeds the delegates the town In fee
simple for a week. The deed is signed
by John C. Gray, Judge of the Superior
Court; T. Batchelder, County Clerk; 8.
H. Wilson, Sheriff: Jo D. Sproul, District
Attorney, and A. F. Jones and J. C. Ob
good.
President Mattlson made a brief reply.
In which he thanked the people of the
town and expressed the appreciation of
the delegates.
Politics in this session will be confined
almost entirely fb the election of grand
officers. There is not one item of busi
ness which more than another is food for
discussion among the delegates or a topic
for curbstone conversation. There Is not
even a prospect of Interest over the place
for the next session — In fact, where the
next session will go Is a mystery, for no
town has bid for it but Sonora, and So
nora is believed to be out of the question,
because of her lack of facilities and the
difficulties of getting there. Such a con
dition of affairs Is somewhat of a novelty
at the Grand Parlor.
The question of establishing a chair of
history in the State University will cause
a ripple, but every one knows Just what
will happen. Humphries of Mission Parlor
No. 37 will argue against it on the ground
Delegates Presented With a Deed
Transferring the City of Oroville
and All Its Appurtenances to
Them for One Week.
Counterfeiting Tools Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call
BOISE, Idaho. April 23.— United States
Marshal Ramsey to-day, near Weiser, se
cured a complete counterfeiting outfit
with the exception of the molds. The
outfit was cached in the willows along
the creek and was discovered by the
farmer owning the land. The Marshal
has also learned that a section foreman
recently found two plaster-paris molds
alongside the track, one for $o pieces and
the other for $10. They were broken and
had evidently been thrown from the train.
These molds were found near the place
where the other articles were cached.
This section for six months has been
flooded with spurious money, and while
some men have been sent to prison for
passing it,, the authorities do not believe
they have tha principals.
REMEY TAKES CHARGE
OF ASIATIC STATION
Hoists His Flag Over the Brooklyn
and Relieves Rear Admiral
Watson.
WASHINGTON. April 23.— According to
cable advices to the Navy Department
Rear Admiral George C. Remey assumed
formal command of the Asiatic .station at
Yokohama last Friday. He hoisted his
flag on the Brooklyn and relieved Rear
B Admiral Watson of the command of the
naval forces on the Asiatic station.
It is assumed that in accordance with
the orders of the department Rear Ad
- miral Kernpflt assumed command of the
/second division of the Asiatic squadron at
the 6amc time. He will use the cruiser
Newark as his fiapship and will confine
bis operations to Chinese waters.
OFFICERS FOR LEAGUE
OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS
Many Names Have Already Been
Mentioned, and a Lively Con
test Is Expected.
Special Dispatch to The Call. !
LOS ANGELES, April 23.— From pres
ent Indications before the biennial con
vention of the League of Republican
Clubs convenes, Friday, April 27, much in
terest will have been aroused in the selec
tion of a president and secretary of the
State League for the ensuing term.
It is now known that Colonel George
Stone, the present president, does not
again wish the honor. While the Los An
geles contingent has no special candidate
the names of General W. H. L. Barnes,
George A. Knight and George C. Pardee
are locally mentioned. The candidate that
has the greatest following and who is be
ing groomed by the Republican League of
San Francisco is their popular member,
G. A. Newhall. His candidacy, as far as
Los Angeles Is concerned, may receive
much consideration. The honor of secre
tary may fall to Al Llnley. who Is backed
by a number of Northern delegations. One
of the undeveloped struggles will be the
selection of the thirty-four delegates to
represent the State League In the Na
tional League Convention that meets in
St. Paul, July 17 and 19. Each district will
be allowed four delegates, with six dele
gates at large.
The younger blood of the league Is de
termined that only workers and active
men shaTl fill any position within the gift
of the convention. All is in readiness for
the reception of the delegates. The exec
utive committee reports to-night that 1350
delegates have been chosen from the 255
clubs that have reported. The official
count of members in the State as reported
by the club officers now reaches 26,000. A
score of clubs will report during this
week. San Jose will send 200 delegates
and workers, as that town Is In the fight
for convention honors, and from the looks
of things the plum will go there. A still
hunt is being made by two other towns.
SAMPSON DECLARES HE
STILL RANKS SCHLEY
Says the Published Report of His
Rival's Victory Is News
to Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, April 23.— The news of Ad
miral Schley's alleged victory was given
to Admiral Sampson by The Call corre
spondent to-day. He said:
"Most of this Is entirely new to me. I
never heard of it before. A representa
tive of a New York paper did call a few
days ago with a brief, condensed account
of these 'exposures' of Mr. Crowninshield
and myself. I simply told him there was
nothing for me to say; that these things
were settled long ago.
"What I wish somebody would explain
to me is this— l see It repeated constantly
In this clipping. What is meant when it
says. 'Schley ranks Sampson'?" •, .
"Then he does not?" was asked.
"Why, I hope not." exclaimed the ad
miral, in a tone which left no doubt of his
view upon the point. ¦
"Do you believe that the supplement
and the alternative referred to were put
before the President as Btated?"
"Possibly; I cannot say. I have seen
the President several times lately. Not
very lately, though; not that I would nec
essarily have referred to it. I am not
aware that I am a party to any feud."
"Then you do not regard this reported
attack upon you as being detrimental to
your standing and prospects in the ser
vice?" . •: T
"No, I do not.'
"And you do not believe that President
McKinley's friendship and support have
been in any measure lessened or impaired
by the incident?" :
"No, I certainly do not," responded the
admiral. ¦
SAD CAREER
OF CHAPLAIN
SHIELDS ENDED
welcome In the shire town of the county of
Butte. Standing where the foothills of the
Sierras greet the beautiful eastern border of
the great Sacramento Valley and the great
water sheds on the west wash and uncover the
golden treasures of the mountains and then
flow on to refresh the valley with its Inex
haustible fertility. It is a spot without whose
traditions the history of California could not
be written. You are welcome, and as you
view the scenes around you. and talk to the
pioneers who reside here, it will be as if some
echo which had slumbered long among these
western hills was murmuring into life again
and stealing fire from the passions of the past
to glorify the present.
Here you will find to-day the golden orange
covering much of the rich placer ground of
early days, and mingled with it the bright hue
of olive green.
Here you will find the latest development in
the epoch of mining history— the gold dredger,
directed by steam and electric power, making
possible the unearthing of millions which have
hitherto lain buried and defied the mechanical
skill of the greatest engineers.
On the bluff overlooking the town you will
find the spot selected by the great Independent
Order of Odd Fellows of the State of Califor
nia wherein to give a home and peace and rest
and happiness to the aged members of their
order, and to found the greatest monument of
Features of the Day at Oroville as Captured by Cartoonist Warren.
the greatest principle, charity.
These things we commend to your study as
sons of California, that you may have a greater
and better knowledge, not only of the past and
present, but of the great untold future of the
State we love so well.
In behalf of all the people of Butte County,
through Argonaut Parlor No. S and the various
citizens. I bid you a hearty welcome to our
home, and trust that your sojourn among us
may 'be one of continued sunshine without a
shadow to mar Its brightness, and that when
you leave us and go forth to your respective
homes your hearts will be wounded with a
shaft of love and affection for those of your
brothers and your people who dwell In the city
of gold and the sunny land of the orange and
vine, and that this wound may never heal, but
remain as enduring and be treasured as faith
fully as the love which the Native Sons of the
Golden West bears for the pioneer of Callfor-
I now present you this deed, which gives to
you the city of Orovllle v/ith all Its appurte
nances, to have and to hold for your complete
and full enjoyment during your sojourn with
us.
Deed to the City.
The deed Is between the citizens of Oro
ville. parties of the first part, and the
"delegates to the Grand Parlor of the Na-
the trials and adventures of the Dormer
party— L. A. Garthle and J. C. Hoop.
The annual reports of the grand officers
were distributed to the delegates during
the morning session.
Delegates Entertained.
This concluded the business of the day f s
session and the remainder of the hours of
Eunlight were for the delegates to enjoy
themselves. The committee had carriaue
room for all who wished to ride and soon
the surrounding roads were full of gay
parties, some headed north on the road
to Thermalito and Cherokee, others south
to down the river where the dredgers are
mining.
"Dredger mining" is an industry pe
culiar to this section and there was
enough about it to interest the delegates
until supper time. Then after that there
was the reception to the delegates in
Union Opera Hall and the turning over to
them of a deed to the city. It was a great
occasion. Uhe grand officers were grouped
on the stage with the chairmen of the
town committees and the town officials.
Major A. F. Jones was spokesman for the
town, and in the following words h« bads
the delegates welcome and delivered to
them full possession of Oroville and the
hearts of all Its people.
Address of Welcome.
"Wcrthy Grand President: It becomes my
pleasant duty to fp«>ak as a representative of
20.000 citizens of Butte County, and extend a
heartfelt welcome to the representatives of 10.
o<yi Xatlve Sons of the Golden West, and In
behalf of Orovllle and the county at large to
extend to our natives through you a hearty
E^ecial Dispatch to The CalL.
OROVUXE, April S.-The Grand
Parlor opened its session this mom
ir.g, but it was not for long. AXter
a committee on credentials had
been appointed. Fletcher Al Cutler,
president of the grand trustees,
rose to announce the death of Grand
Trustee Frank Sabichi of Los Angeles,
vho died about two weeks ago. Out of
respect to the dead brother's memory the
Grand Parlor then adjourned until 2
o'clock, but again the session was a short
one.
The committee on credentials was made
vp if 11. A. Andrews of Hesperian No. 127.
J. F. DerJnger of Vallejo No. 77 and
George L. Sackett of Cabrillo No. 114.
The follovlng were appointed to fill va
cancies la the various committees: Fl
r.anrf-J. E. Hayden and R. D. Barton:
appeals and grievances — S. S. Radcliff;
I»r-tition?— V. H. Devlin and P. Carpenter;
returns— l. V. Kcppel and Rod TV. Church:
Hate of the order— A- F. Schleicher, E.
Sevier and W. D. Wagner; legislation—
G*>orpe E. Catts and C. M. Belshaw; ritual
— C. K. Carroll, W. J. Variel and A. E.
Srhaolich: printing and supplies— L. C.
Pistole&l; laws and supervision— C. P. Vl
cir.i: literature— A. E. Miller: transporta
tion—D. Suter; ppecial committee on ways
and means of properly commemorating
! Emmet Harden of Mount Tam&lpais No.
64 and M. G. Perkins of Athens No. 195.
There may be a hard fight over the office.
For grand trustee there will be running
Charles E. McLaughlin of Quincy No. 131.
K. R. Knowland of Halcyon No. 146, G. G.
Radcliff of WatsonvilleNo. 64. HomerFrtn
dle of San Jose No. 22, W. D. Wagner of
Arrowhead No. 110, P. V. Long of Golden
Gate No. 29. James L. Gallagher of Alea
traz No. 145. J. A. Devoto of Alcalde No.
l»i and M. T. Doollng. Will D. Shea and
C. O. Dunbar, who are now grand trus
tees. By far the liveliest fight, however.
Is the three-cornered one between Colonel
Charles Boxton of National No. lIS.
Charles H. Stanyan of Stanford No. 75
and S. V. Costello of Pacific No. 10. Box
ton and Stanyan are handicapped, bfcausa
this Is their first appearance as delegates
to the Grand Parlor. Costello is an old
delegate. He says he is the man.
The Goo Goos met about noon, had a
joyous session and elected officers. High
Ruler Dick Barton prestded. and after
some little Goo Goo talk the following
were elected for the ensuing term: High,
Ruler. Dick Barton: high scratcher. Bill
Attridge; wise guy. Steve Costello: chief
moocher, Jim Devoto; grand grabber.
Charles Stewart; grand bouncer, Pat
Lunt.
Death of C. J. Belloli.
SAX JOSE. April 23.— Clement J. Bel
loll, a prominent and popular young busi
ness man of this city, died to-day a3 the
result of an operation for appendicitis,
which was performed yesterday. He had
been 111 but four days. Deceased was a
Native Son and had been olected as a
delegate to the Grand Parlor at Orovllle.
He was 26 years of age.
DELEGATES, LED BY ARGONAUT PARLOR, PASSING
DOWN MYERS STREET.
of expense and because the Regents them
selves would probably establish the chair
if the Native Sons should present the mat
ter to them in the proper light, so it will
go to some committee— that is, of course,
unless something happens.
Candidates for Office.
As for grand officers, while the fight Is
not openly fierce, still friends are •working
very hard for friends. Frank Mattlson,
grand president, will become "past"; R.
C. Rust, the first vice president, will take
his place, and Frank L. Coombs and
Lewis F. Byington, second vice president
and grand orator, will follow the time
honored custom and each go up a notch.
H. Kahn of Hesperian No. 137 is not be
lieved to hay much chance against Henry
Martin for treasurer, but Martin's friends
are not Idle.
The fight for grand orator Is gTowlng
more complicated. It Is beginning to look
like McNoble of Stockton, and In this con
nection the story Is current that Cutler,
seeing this, would withdraw If he saw a
chance of being elected once more as a
grand trustee. Some years ago. in the
fight between R. C. Rust and Prank L».
Coombs for the same place, Coombs with
drew under promise of re-election as
grand trustee and then to be made grand
orator the year after. This programme
was carried out and now it is under
stood that Cutler would like a repetition of
the plan. The adherents of the candidates
for grand trustee declare they will not
stand for It. however. They say their
fights have all been organized and Cutler
cannot, after making a strong tight for
grand orator. Inject himself Into any
other. The situation Is Interesting.
For grand outside sentinel there are
Joseph Goldman- of Toaeralte No. 24. J.
LABORS OF GRAND PARLOR OF NATIVE SONS BEGIN
Two Short Sessions Are Held at
Which Committees Are Ap
pointed, and the Rest of the Day
Is Spent in Merry-Making.
H 11111111 l a& I ISSUED BY AUTHORITY OF j lIMT fp|
1:3 SsM tf^illP*- g I L 1
Ifimm \IV REGISTERED S^OAS^f*^^ m j §§||&Efl
Ej ' JHSL^HIS label Js the label of the American Union of Clothes M
gl M akers - c are authorized to put it on all our ready- M
§8 /|jm|| I * made clothing, because we employ union labor exclu- |fj
H I \jlllllnM s ively. We employ union labor because it is the best la- m
j|j bor in the world — this gives us good workmanship— we ga
H lllllllllSlllllt a re able to produce the best clothes in America. fe*j
§§ We do not use this label as a bid solely for union trade (of course ||
11 we are as glad to wait upon union men as to employ them), but union Q|
H labor at union wages means that we secure trained, skilled, first-class help. jU|
fcl 1110111 L THOUGH we pay good wages, cur prices are low. First, be- p|
!>l I#V cause of our lar 2 e cloth purchases direct from the mills; second, be- gd
US '# a\ cau?e %ye believe in small P roflts but num ero ii s sales. There is
EH javSSi pr°°f °f in the excellent suits we offer for jpJ
i Tiiii ten dollars 1
pi They constitute over 30 patterns of all-wool suits in fancy and mixed cheviots in j*g|
SI summer and heavy weights, also black and blue cheviots and clays, either in single **\
H or double breasted sacks. Some are checks, some stripes, others are mixed and some £jj
13 come in solid colors. They are desirable suits at a desirable price. |||
H • Boys' washable suits g|
||j Washable suits made of covert cloth, with suitable trimming, sailor pants; ages |~j
JH 3to 10 years; they come in six different shades and make good outing suits. Also |4
El sailor suits of brown cheviot, short pants; ages 3to 10. Either suit for a limited Bgj
|H time VOo each, *tj
El Out-of-town -orders filled— write for catalogue No. 2. Q
II :¦¦.¦'.¦- 718 Market Street. 11
3
THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APBIL 24, 1900.
SCENE IN FRONT OF THE HEADQUARTERS IN THE
UNION HOTEL.Time— a-16. :li; 7-18, :43; li-l«. lsS*i; "Hf. 1:35. Fair start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, E. W. Purser's b. ir., Vy King Galpp-Nanka.. Half .the bunch' cut- off", at ' etant ¦by
Anchored. With a rood ride Storm Kin* would have won. .' Scratched— Gold Baron 10J,
Petal 101, Ponffo 105, Duke of Tork II 106. Morlr*a 106.
KANSAS CITY "WIDE OPEN."
Gamblers Flocking in From All Parts
of the Country.
KANSAS CITY. April 23.— Onmblers
from all parts of the country are appar
ently making Kansas City their meoea.
the word having pone forth that the new
city government is to tolerate a wide
open policy.
GanjbMng cltib* and poker roams that
have been closed fnr years hare been re
cently opened, ar.d tliore have been con
stant arrivals of gamblers coming from
ail <*.ir«vtlr«T!s. Poker I? belns played, it Is
paid, with a limit that bus not been touch
ed hrre In twenty years.
MIGHT RETURN
TO TRE STAKE
BRIGADE AGAIN
Captive Galloped In Ahead
of Scotch Plaid and
V 1 11 U 1 o.
Captive disposed of a field in the mile
selling event at Oakland yesterday in
much the same way as he did some three
years ago, when the big chestnut was
one of the talked about horses of' the
turf. He warmed up so full of ginger
that it attracted for him many friends In
the betting. Scotch Plaid ruled a 6 to 5
favorite for the race and was beaten in
a gallep, with Horton pressing the first
choice hard for place honors.
The Burns & waterhouse horse was not
the only short priced one to be numbered
among the fnllen, for Poorlands, Diderot.
Slrver Tone and Storm King all went by
the board.
A mild P»nsatlon was created by the ln
trdductory overture, when Melkarth, a 20
to 1 shot, got to the wire a neck ahead of
Inverary. Poorlanda, the favorite, crack
ed pome Ice out in front for a while, when
he melted away, finishing among the "also
rans."
Miss Madeline, with Ames up, was
ehoson to lead the parade In the flve
furlong dAsh following. At odds of S to 5,
she landed the purse ridden out from Net
tle Clark. For Freedom and seven others.
Quite the best betting race of the day
was the two-year-old sprint, for which
Rollick and Diderot were both quoted at
3 to a in the first prices marked up. I/ater
Diderot was backed down to even money
favoritism. Shields, astride the first nam
ed youngster, was quickest away at the
start and. never headed, disposed of the
favorite by a length. Showing a return
of form, Moonbrignt ran a good third.
Again ex-Jockey George Miller's Sir
Hampton demonstrated he could negoti
ate a route with light weight up. The
brown colt was held a 6 to 1 chance for
the mile and a sixteenth run and, after
leading from the start, passed the judges
a n*ck before Ailenna. Buchanan mad*
very poor work of It on the 9 to 10 fa
vorite. Silver Tone, for which he was
taken to task by the stand. I - .
The afterpiece went to Perseus, second
choice In the ring. Driving hard, Donator
led Tlradt over tne mark fpr place honors.
Storm King, the first choice, could prob
ably have won with any sort of hand
ling.
Track Notes.
The very useful colt Combermere died
ADVEBTISE3OUTTS.
DEBUTE OPENS
ON THE CASE OF
SENATOR QUAY
This Afternoon at 4 O'clock
the Question- Will Be
Disposed Of.
Chandler of Ntw Hampshire Is the
Applicant's Most Sturdy Cham
pion and Urgpes That He
Be Seated.
WASHINGTON. April 3.-A two days'
debate on the right of the H<m>. M. B.
Quay to a seat as B Senafnr from Penn
sylvania w.is begun alm<*-t hnmedlntfiy
aft*»r the Senate convened to-day. Until
to-day the debate has been desultory in
character. To-morrow at 4 p. m.. under
a rpecial order, the case Is to be disposed
cf. A direct vote upon the proposition to
scat Quay may not b<? taken immediately
after the close of the debate. Chandler
hfip a motion jwmlin-j to Pf\it Quay, but
It is h«Md by the Senate parliamentarians
that trvmry cubfidiary motion will takt*
precedence over Chandler's motion. The** 1
include motions to indefinitely postpone;
to postpone to a definite ii.\t": 10 rctiodtmit
to the committee, and to nnnnd. How the
Senate will vote on them is a manor of
*r>ecuiatiiin.
' In purport of Quay's right to a peat
?}ieechf>g were delivered to-day by Chan
dler of N«w Hatni>shire. Kenm y "f Dela
ware and Penrosf «l Pennsylvania. Platt
of Connecticut and Queries of Wisconsin
delivered speeches in opposition to Qu«.v.
Chandler urged the Senators to consider
the question merely as .••lie of <on.;tltu
ticnal cnnfitructioM. Adverting to the
Mantle case in I^3 am) lh<* t orbett case
in th« last Cunprt'Ss. he said they were
not fair precedents' upon which to base
ectlon.
"I know Senators." sai.l he "anil I am
nr.t filing to mention names, who voted
against Mantle b*rau«<? l:«" «raa what w.i.~
called a silver Ponator; an<l I kn«w that
ffmf Serratot?— p^rhnps in B spirit of rr
taliation—vnted acairst Corbetl because
hr v.af what was called a goid Senator."
I""Iatt of «'onn« > ctlcut. replying to ("han
dler, «aid that in his rypininn th*^ one ques
tion thnt Uea in the forefront of this <li«=
curflotj was "whether anything can be
considered as settled in the Pennte of the
I'nited fitates. Is the Senate, now la the
one hundred an«l twelfth fear of its f\
iMenee, to observe the alni'>«t unbroken
lln* cf precedents: nr is it to he gov
erned by political and personal friend-
Fhips?"
"I «m Borry." cr.ntinuo*! Platt. "that
»ny Ser.Jif.r should m^ke a charee
against Pixtron P^natnrs tha.t they voted
apainst a Senator becaus* of personal
rrasons and not on ckMMtltUtlonAj grounds.
That charge is one whi<^ r«~?.rcts greater
up^n thr Senate than any that
has over bern msdf.
"I do not believe it. No enemy of the
Senate could say. i» seerr." to me. that
the votes of sixteen Senators xvf>r<» ca«t
agninst Mr. CThett because he wai« a r«!p
porter of the gold standard."
Flatt maintainoil there wns pra<~ticallr
no differ^nre between the Quay <-*se an'l
the Corbett ca«e and that the <*>ci«ion m
the Corbett c.i?e ought to bo r^garf ?A ac
pacred as was the judgment of a constitu
tional court.
Hoar, interrupting, said that when Sen
at'irs belle^-ed a .Vri«irn in n ca*» had
been reached in violation of cor.ntitntinn
al right and that th<» Penate h;»d been in
fluenced by personal nnd po'ltical con-
Bidoratlons. hup he believed wa« true of
the Cnrbett ca«e. It was their bounden
duty to reverse that d^ololnn.
Platt. In reply, asked if Hoar thought
the Penate more virtuous now than when
It decided the Corbet t case.
"Th" Penate is on trial at the bar of
public opinion." pnld Platt. in conclusion.
"This case is known throughout the
length and breadth of the lnnd. It is
known that this case resembles that of
Mr. Cnrbett of two years o*ro. If Mr:
Quay is seated the people nill want to
know why vhe Senate ch.insred front. They
v ill henr that It hnp I^en said on the
floor of this chamber that the Senators
voted apafnst Mr. Corbet t l>«eause of cer
tain political considtTatlons rather than
on constitutional groundf. This Is' why r
Implore Senators to *tand by former de
cisions of the Sf>nat<». why I appeal to
them to stand by a long line of settle^
actions. Onc<» the precedents are over
turned seats in this body will become the
rport of political exigency."
Kenney of Delaware then addressed the
Senate In Fwpport of Quay'r rljcht to a
peat. H«» voted against the pouting of
<^orbett two yrars airo. but held that the
and Quay rapp? differed radicaliv.
IT»» added that certain charges were m«d«»
ncainst Corb^tt and ndmitt^d frankly that
th*» charges had more weieht in Influenc
ing his vote than the corisfitutional anru
ments.
Quarle? of Wisconsin was the n»xt
pnoaker. Bfter whom Penrose followed.
T^'ithnut having conclu<leil his speech
PTirose. at 6:?3 p. m.. vleldpd for un ex.
eoutlv* Mssloo, and at ?:.*S th« Senate ad
journed.
1140. PIXTH RACE— Seven and a half furlong*.; selling; four-year-olds and up; pur*e, $300.
Time— «; -IJli- >,» :50»4: \. 1:1«*4; mile, 1:41*4. Good start. 'Won easily, second and third
(JriTtnc. Winner, P. Illldreth'!" eh. h., by Strathmore-Black Maria. Captive warmed up
like a !t tJ"i!LZ£!J£i'!l^TlP^i2GJ£^^
lia7. THIrtD RACE— One mil»; •elling; four-year-olds and upward; pur«», tiOO.
Time— >4 MS* % :37; *i Itot! Good "tart. Won firrt three driving. 'U'lnner. 8. P. Tate'p
eh f ' 'by IMo Bravo-Cinderellß. Madeline the be*t. Freedom quit. Louise • Hay-nan won t
do! +lie Scot Is a front runner, and had no chance. Scratched— Tom Sharke-y 104, Gus
e!* FdT IW. * ' ' _._ A>
Belgian Hares Stolen.
PETALUMA. April 23.— Last night
thieves visited the rabbitry of F. L.
Griggs In this city and stole a pair of
Belgian hares valued at $100.
1138. SECOKI) RACE— Five furlonr?; Mlllng: tnree-yrar-olds; purwe, $300.
1135. FlllST RACE— P»ven -and a half furlong*; telling: four-year-olds and up: purse. $300.
vestlgate the scandal connected with the
County Hospital they will have a willing
witness in Miss Ucrtha Sundell. one or
the young ladies on whom Dr. Shearer is
said to have attempted to force obnoxious
attention. Miss Bundell, who was nurse
at the hospital for three months, inti
mates that half has not been told, "ir
the Supervisors want to investigate Dr.
Shearers conduct." said Mis* Sundell.
"there will be plenty of witnesses I for
one will be willing to testify. Besides the
charges I make in my letter there arc
other scandalous rumors floating around
Santa Rosa concerning the doctor and
other ladies. Two weeks after I went to
work in the hospital he Insulted me. Kvery
word I said in my letter is the truth. He
would insist on my comln? to the oflice
for medicine. The first time I met the
doctor he was so nice that later I could
not but believe that when he hired me he
was merely planning to carry out hip
devilish purposes. By keeping out of his
wav and treating him coldly I tried to get
along with him. but was finally obliged to
resign Dr. Bhearor should be punished
and now that the Supervisors have the
knowledge of the matter, I hope they will
set."
Ml»s Sund<?ll Is a sweet-faced, pretty lit
tle woman, and is willing to face the no
toriety an Investigation will bring about
to see the methods of Dr. Shearer ex
nosed She stated that she had intended
to tell the Supervisors of his acts when
she told them she was going to leave, but
she had no opportunity to talk to tnem
confidentially, as there were a number or
patients and others around.
at Oakland track on Sunday morning of
lung fever.
Perseus, winner of the last race of the
day, was bid up $300 over his entered sell
ing price of ?200 by Perry Hildreth.
The many friends of Harry Kuhl. one
of the associate judges it Tanforan Park,
will be surprised to learn of his marriage
to Mrs. Myra Moody, which pleasant
event took place yesterday. Judge Coffey
performed the ceremony and the happy
couple will leave for Chicago by this even
ing's overland train.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; nellinp.
1117 Gold Paron IDS Elfin ....• 11l
1061 Petal 91 1105 Polka ....' 108
1109 Joe MuMle 114 1105 Yule 84
9so M»adowlark ...111 1039 HomeFtake ...109
JOS7 Ix)U rtey 11l 574 Brown Prince.. 9i
IUI Bonlbel 81 1032 Judye Stouffer.lll
Peeond race— Seven furlongs; three-year-old*
and upward: selling.
1039 Aborigine 97(1108) Edfrardo '. 97
1074 Coming Event. 95j 869 Jack McCabe..lOB
1183 Corolla 95 1127 Morella 95
1117 Wild Het 109' 1067 El Arte.i 97
(1113) Cfarbo 100' 1113 St. Germain... 97
1118 Jolly Briton... 97| 1108 Klckumbob ...100
Third race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; puree.
1110 El Karn 1051 1110 IHllonon 103
11X0 Ph. Archibald. llo| 1037 Tlollta 107
1110 Jim Hale 11l .... Missel 115
1183 Ada U...\ 1051 1125 Sublime 105
1125 Carllee 1051 1067 Illusion 107
1110 Camberceres ..1071 905 Loneliness ....100
Fourth face— Fire furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
1105 Clarando ...... 101 [514 Majesty 101
Oold Boater.. .loll 1110 Croker 103
1007 Aunt Bird 5* 1114 Silver Maid. ...104
1109 Deerfoot 10l| 1106 Beaumonde ...109
10S7 Uterp 1011 1058 Christine 104
(1105) Genua 101! 1120 De Blaise 106
Fifth race — One mile and an eighth; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1184 Ptromo 1021 1110 Twlnkler lot
1185 Twinkle Twk..194 112S Dr. Bernays.. .113
1109 Fashion Plare.lo4l 1139 Gauntlet 105
11S4 Montanus 1M IU7 Stutt«art lot
IP4I Pnlpe 104 1019 Dr. Marks 106
1044 Lift* 1M
Slrth rtce— Seven furlong*; . four-year-olds
ond up; *elllne;.
1122 Rojalbra 11?1 1122 Imp Mlntrain.ll2
1118 Pongo ll!i ICSS Ringmaster ...199
1114 Gold Bug \M, 19M r«at Morrl"»y.liW
1122 Lodestar 109 1019 Maml> 0 107
11J4 Lofl M*d«no»..ll2j 1117 Alarla 10T
49t Schanken 1071
Selections for To-Day.
Fir«t race— Petal. Elsln. Lou R»y.
Second race— Corolla, Coming: Event. Garbo.
Third race— Phil Archibald. Ada N. Mlvsel.
Fourth race— Genua, De Blaise. Majesty.
Fifth race— Snips. Montanns. Stromo.
Sixth race— Pat Morrlssey. Mistral, Rosalbra.
forts to keeping on edge. Up is under
weight and has no worries on that score.
He is as confident thot he will defeat the
Californian as he is of being alive on the
day of the fight. ¦ »
When asked yesterday whether he would
enter the roped arena with his mustache
intact, he fondly stroked the hirsute
appendage and renlfed that he had worn
It in every battle lie had engaged in, and
that he did not fear It would be knocked
off or that its rurllng ends would droop
in defeat. Murphy is undoubtedly in
splendid condition. There is not an ounce
of superfluous flesh on his sturdy frame.
His Wind is also good In spite of his heavy
breathing. A number of admirers who
watched him at work in his quarters at
the Casino yesterday were loud in their
expressions of deliKht at his exhibition of
clever foot work, hitting' powers and en
durance. He practically completed his
heavy work yesterday, and during the
next three days will indulge only in light
exercise. Dan Rodgera, his trainer, has
put forth his best efforts- to have Murphy
in shape for a hard battle, and he has
succeeilr«l.
Neill positively asserts that he was
never in finer trim for a fight than he is
for his coming bout with the Australian.
He does not underrate his opponent, and
has undergone a course of training under
the eyes of "Duck" Sullivan and Fred
Muller, which will tit him for any kind of
a battle Murphy may Rive him. His mus
cles are supple and his "solar plexus" re
pion is protected by un armor plate cov
ering. The young Californlan Is as kit
tenish as a two-year-old. He brightens
his training quarters by his high spirits,
nnd the feeling seems infectious. His
trainers are happy in the belief that Al
will again return a winner, and both men
are already planning future contests for
the clever middle-weight.
Toby Irwin andJ2ddy Toy are trained to
the hour. Th?re Is every likelihood that
their coming battle will surpass their first
meeting for fast fighting, grit and science.
Seats are now being erected in the Me
chanics' Pavilion to accommodate 6500 peo
ple.
Our
1
OF
Has Paralyzed the Shoe
Trade of This City.
Thousands of Pairs Sold Daily.
NEVER A6AIN WILL SUCH
BARGAINS BE OFFERED.
If Shoes Are Not Satisfactory
We Refund the Money.
MONDAY MORNING
We will put on our Bargain Coun-
ter about 1400 pairs of Men's
Fine French Calf and Genuine
Patent Leather Hand-sewei
Shoes, regular prices 55, 56 anJ
$7, and will close them out at
S/.SO per pair.
There is plenty of small sizes, so
a boy can get a fine dress
I shoe for $1 50.
I We Will Also Put on Sale
i 800 pairs of Men's Fine Vici Kid
Shoes, latest style coin toe, all
sizes,
SALE PRICE S2-50.
On Our Ladies 1 Bargain Counter
We will put on sale about 400
pairs of Laird, Schobe- & Co. 's
Sample Oxfords at $?] a QO
Shoes at SLSO
We Will Also Close Out
About 800 pairs of Ladies' Kid
Button and Lace Shoes, all sizes,
SL2S per pair.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR BAR-j
GAIN COUNTERS.
New Bargains Every Day.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
812-814
Market Street,
PHELAN BUILDING.
• — « —ii -* ¦ ¦ " ,7 , ' '- "
4 QUART BOTTLES $3.20.
Express charr*" pr*p*ld.
Hl»hwt rrafle for M«Jlcln*l or I^arnlly na«.
W* gtv« you the benefit of th» middlemen's
profit, bttldta yoa ar* ruarsatea-i ti» cer-
tainty of
PURE WHISKEY.
Kethln* on ea»« to iDdlcat* ccntent*.
Mcnty refaa&ta it not «aM3Tactory.
R*f»r*oe», *ny business firm and commercial
1». BPHRAIAt «fc CO..
Distillers' Acent*.
« Montiromery ttre«t. Baa Fmnctsco. CaL
CTTwlc* tb» price coald bay no better.
DLfIALL'S RELNYI6(»ATOfi^^^
Five hundred reward for any MjS
case we cannot cure. This secret |Jf *
remedy Hops all losse. la 24 EL- "_
ho-ir? eur*a Emissions, Impo- mt3 O&
tmcy' Varlcocele. Gonorrfnva. I(»T-"| V» |
Gleet.' n«. Stricture. Lost 5^ ± *
Manhood and all wasting eff»cts ff*^JPSi
Of §elf-«bus« or excesses. Sent ¦ —
lealed J2 bottla: 3 bottle*. J5; saaranteed to
cure any case. Addreis HALL'B MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. f'-3 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for «ale at 1973^4 Market at. 8. F. All private
dl«»«*e« otilcklv rured. Send for fr<»» book.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlco Lists Halls l
on Application.
COAt. COKB AND FIQ ipox
I f WIT SOY R ffl 90 ° B«t««ry Street.
J. W- WmVil tt V>v-»T»lephon» Main IM4.
COPPERSMITH.
jnmirPH rox, Supt. h. bltth m»t
CW S^IITH Bh i P « k Combine. Steamboat
t- TF - J.!H 1 lit and Ship Work a Specialty U
and U W«ihlc»tcn t. T»l«ohon» Main SML
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BO YES &CO «L hl !'»ln* Buteh«ra. 1M
PAPB9 DEALERS.
niLLfIJIEMC 7» Montgomery at.
F C RlTfiHF^ -• piunteb.
r- \r niuncj, ro Pan , om » ?t . 3 . r .
STATIONER AND PRINTH7.
T..>rraptu a p AgTBID(iE m ogftna,
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, SSFiLaS
pIAMONO CX>AL MINING CO. at ita GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, U the Be»t Coal la U*
market. .- Oinct and TarO*— CO Mais au««t.
THRIVE WINS
TURF CONGRESS
SWEEPSTAKES
BOXERS NEILL AND MURPHY
IN READINESS FOR THE BATTLE
The Rush,'. Held Favorite in
! the Books, Runs No
Better Than Third.
Florizar, the Tennessee Derby ' Wi
nner, and F. W. Brode Sell, at
Long Odds and Make
No Showing.
MEMPHIS. Term., April 23.-The Turf
Conpres»s sweepstakes at otic mile was the
stake feature at Montgomery Park to
day, and the race brought out clffht of iho
best three-year-olds quartered In Mem
phis. W. 11. May & Sons Odd Fellow-
Chantress colt. The Rush, was held fa
vorite in the betting, while Thrive
Gl^n Lake, J. C Cahn's entry, were
strong second choices. Flortear, the Ten
nes.«ee" Derby winner, and K. W. Brode
were hold at sixes, while loujj odds were
pouted against The Monk, Diimburg and
Alice Turner.
To a good start The Rush jumped to the
front and s*t a hot pace doivn the back
stretch, closely followed by Thrive and
The Monk. Tuminß Into the stretch
Oahn's colt and The Monk challenged the
loader and in a well contested race Thrive
won by a Jfngth from The Jflonk. who
beat The Hush a neck for the place.
Floiizar was fourth and fin!s!>»d strong.
F. \V. Erode sulked and ma«Jo a poor ef
fort. Weather cloudy; track slow. Re
sults: -r. %
Four furlongs, purse— lcon won. Dirk Bnrjj*«»
second. The Auditor third. Time, :Sl.
Six furlongs — Belle of Memphis "Won. Andes
se-ond. Gold dOr third. Time. 13«*«.
Four and a h*lf furlongs — Wild Pirate won,
Zack Ford second. Sard third. TVme. :SS.
On© mile. Turf Congress stakes— nrt rive won.
The Monk second. The Rush third. Time. 1:45.
One mile and a sixteenth, aelllrar— Russell X
won. Hood's Brigade aecond, Xl Derlm third.
Time. l:sl*i.
Seven furlongs, sell ln&— Verify won. Hand
press second. Cathedral third. Time, 1:2334.
TWO FAVORITES WIN.
Bain Makes the Track at. Aqueduct
Heavy.
NEW YORK. April 23.— 1t rained dur-
Inpr the first race at Aqueduct to-day,
which made thf> track a little slow. Gold
Ljick and Wait Not were the winning first
choices. Results:
Five furlongs, selling — Silurian won. Billion
aire second, Russian third. Tira«», 1:03 2-.1.
One mll<» and seventy yards, selling — Rtnaldo
won. Lindula second. George Slmonds third.
Tim*'. 1:4« *-5.
Five furlongs, selling — Gold Lack won. Sunol
second. The Benedict third. Time, I:^3.
One mile ami seventy yards — Walt X'ot won.
T>ampKlohe sweend, Maximo Gomes third.
Time. 1:46 1-5.
£tx furlongs, selling — Her Ladyship won.
Gaze second. Emigre third. Timo. 1:15.
Five furlong*— Lief Prince won. Robert Wad
dell second. Screech third. Time. 1:03.
PHILADELPHIA LOSES.
Boston Takes a Game From the Lead
ers in the League.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clnhs— W. L.. Pet. ! Clubs— V?. L. Pet.
Philadeplhla 3 1 .750; Plttsburg ...2 2 .509
Brooklyn 3 1 .««6 Chicago 1 ; .338
Ft. LAuis 2 1 .SGB Ne?w Tork.... 1 2 .353
Cincinnati ..2 J .5001 Boston 1 3 .230
PHILADELPHIA, April 23.— Philadelphia
was unable to solve Pitcher 'Willis' .curves, re
sulting In the team's first d»feat this season.
Orth. on the contrary, was comparatively
easy for Boston. Score:
Clubs— K. H. E.
Boston 8 14 a
Philadelphia 3 10 4
nattprfea— Willis nnd Clarke; Orth. Ponahim
and Douglas. Attendance, 6775. Umpire—Con
nelly.
CINCINNATI. AprU 23.— -Waddell shut out
the locals to-day, though he was hit hard from
start to finish. It was the opposing batsmen's
misfortune to have a fielder right In front of
every hall that was hit. Scott was miserably
supported anii hit freely at times. Geler. tbe
new man wbo played third for Cincinnati
showed clearly that ta« Is In need of practice.
Score:
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
Cincinnati t « 3 <
Plttsburg 6 10 1
Batteries— Scott and Pelt*; Waddell aad
Zimmer. Umpire — O'Day.
American League Games.
INDIANAPOLIS. April 23.— Indianapolis T.
Buffalo 1.
CHICAGO. April 23.— Chicago 7, Minneapolis
13.
DETROIT. April Xl— Detroit 2. Cleveland ».
PT. LOUIS, April 23.— The game between St.
Louis nnd Chicago was postponed on account
of rain.
BURLINGAME MEN WIN.
Easily Carry Off the Honors in the
Polo Tournament.
Special D'.srmtch to Th« Call.
SANTA BARBARA. April 23.— The last
of the series of the- polo games was
played here to-day between Riverside
and Burllngame, the latter winning easily
by a score of ten to three. The grounds
were fairly packed with people anxious to
see the two teams compete for the cham
pionship and a most brilliant exhibition
was rendered. Hobart of Burlingam*
clearly demonstrated the fact that he was
by far the best player In any of the- clnbs
yet Maud of Riverside cams In for his
share of admiration from the spectator*
The peopl* of this city have only Just
begun to appreciate this sport and in the
fnture the grame will be quite popular
here. Already there is talk of organizing
a club, besides the one now here, for the
purpose of more practice In the future
To-morrow there will be some very ln
terestlm? races, only the polo ponies be
ing entered. Social events in honor of the
visitors occur every evening.
"Scorched" on Market Street.
Joseph Holle. proprietor of a cyclery.
was fined J5 yesterday for violating the
bicycle ordinance. C. L. Braum and Fred
Westcott. who were arrested with him
had their cases dismissed. The three de
fendants and three women were ridlrur a
sextvplet at a furious speed on Market
street Sunday nl«ht and. aJthougrh warned
by the police, persisted In violating the
ordinance. The three women made their
escape. " '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1900.
DR. SHEARER
FLATLY DENIES
ALL CHARGES
Says There Is a Scheme' on
Fcoi/ to Have Him
Dismissed.
He Further States That the Ladies
Who Make Complaints Did Not
Resign, but Were Dis
charged.
Social IXsratch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. April ».-A great deal of
comment has been occasioned by the sen
sational allegations contained in to-day's
Call repardlnj? the conditions paid to have
existed a few months ajro at the County
Hospital.
Dr. M. M. Shearer, the superintendent,"
apainst whom Mlfs poehlmnnn makes her
charpes. Is the oldest practicing physician
In this city and one of the best known
men in the entire county. With the late.
Dr. J. F". Boyce he numbered at one time
almost all the leading families of this part
<>f the bounty In his clientele and still en-
Joys a large and highly remunerative
private practice In addition to position
us superintendent of the County Hospital
nn<] farm.
F<r the past week the doctor has been in
Trinity County, where he has minlne in
terests. He returneil from there Sunuuy
and when interviewed to-day upon Uie
FUbJeci of Miss I'oehlinatiii's charges he
expressed himrelf as beinpr very much
FUipris-erJ Indeed at the turn affairs ha<l
taken Ouriifg his absence. H« deaied the
enargos in toto and said the allegations of
both Mis.- Poehlmann and Miss Sunriell
were false fr'>m beginning ••> end. It will
be remembered that ii their affidavits
both the women In question stated that
they le.-ianed their positions on account
of tho treatment accorded them by the
venerable superintendent "of the institu
tion in which they were employed.
This the doctor denies. He states that
they were dismissed. If this statement is
correct it perhaps explains one of Miss
Pdehlmaxins statements regarding- an In
cident connected with her leavina; the
horpital. She claims that just before her
ilrpfirtur»» ;;he met two members of the
Board of Supervises and they expressed
s«.me surprise when informed that she was
groinp. that she should have resigned, and
aim that they had not brrn notified of the
fact. Ar. superintendent of the hospital
Dr. Shearer has full authority to dis
charge or empU'v nny hHp he sees fit, and
if he discharged the matron and nurse
there tvns perhaps no particular reason
f.ir r*purt inj* the matter to the board un
less he saw fit. When asked if he intend
«d to resign the doctor stated most em
phatically that he did not.
'"rhere" is nothing whatever in the
Charges." he paid, "ami I intend to fight
them to th<» i>itter end. 1 do not care to
any anything injurious to the gooil names
'¦f the ladies In question, but I trust my
friTils will not forget thgt there are two
lilies to every story. As a mntter of fact
the ¦whole thing is part of a scheme to
have me dismissed as superintendent of
the Coyntr Hospital and farm ?ind an
other local physician substituted In my
stead. For the past eljrht years I have
held the position under both Democratic
an«l Republican boards, and my work
sprakr for Itself. I have saved the county
a rreat deal of money In that time and
the Institution over which I preside Is rec
ognized as a model of Its kind. I do not
believe anything wfll come of the charges
because as a matter of fact they are un
founded."
A great deal of sympathy is heard here
concerning Dr. Shearer's family. It
stands high in pocial circles and, like the
ijootor himeelf, has many friend* who will
no doubt rally to the doctor's support. On
th° other Rand, many have expressed
them.=t"-lves as o/ the opinion that a
change In the management of the hospital
Is both to be desired and a necessity as
well.
Among the latter Is Supervisor Herbert
YV. Austin. Austin Is a Republican and
Shearer is a Democrat. I^ast year Austin
voted apain«t the doctor when the matter
of the annual "lection of a hospital super
intendent came before th« board. The
matter rill, if th<? Ministerial Union Car
rie-* It before the board, undoubtedly con
stitute the most lntererMns detail of the
May meetlns of the Supervisors, and while
Dr. Bhearer makes the assertion with a
Rreat deal of confidence that he does not
believe the board will take any action in
the matter It Is hard to Fee now it can
be avoided If the charges are formally
presented to that body by the Influences
now Interested in the case.
MISS SUNDELL TALKS.
?p*rtal Dispatch to The Cull
SAN JOSE. April 25.— 1f the Hoard of
Supervisors of Sonoma County want to In-
.HHfer^V SUFFERING WOMAN!
/ 111 <^^^^*^/^\i/]|'» / / Have you those pains so common to your sex ? Do you
*T%O I / Le&?'\s sf/?^l<b ff / suffer fronj weaKness or prostration ? J offer you a pleas-
2W // j \^ /hi jf *? \-^\Jl J ant> sootnin 9 remedy In my
1 m^M%^ dr. Mclaughlin belt.
A ///\^lt Vn iI • jy^^f^ This is my method of curing yourailments by Electric-
(v~~---i/. x^^{\\\\!"J// Ity. and Is especially suited to worrjar/s condition. The
\i n^L^^(w*^i«t^> life-giving current is the Ideal tonic; it rerjews wasted
: \\^ ?/<2^W«2Ha^* :^'^* forces, expels Irritatirjg impurities which cause suffering
\\ and strengthens the muscles and tissues. The warming
' wAYI i power from rrjy Belt mingles with the magoetism of tbe
• *A\ body and casts out the disease. It absolutely cures those
' \Vm\l«LFi/'!'fllr'vA 'Vfi-^ucL '. ' • ¦ - nervous and palnfulailroeots so
; \\>3^«|jii»'-j Tf.TA hlM^Ma I A Woman- s Pains. incident to the female system.
lj\\ --O*siis> I \ \ \ ttkf\A£j£f ukiah. c»i. The discs of roy batteries be-
' V-'JIk ' \\vim&^ r> DR - c? 1 - \- n^fe^l 1 "^ ln9 cushion covered, do not
¦ h.TairelW^"rfe £*Vg m*ch blister the sßin HKe the bare
j%pr^ j F^')k^t\ &-<t*^ Bood an<l the pains in my back rrjetals in other belts. You are
' \ 'WS&ht^&j&iyk- W£» ' ?™iv° W * reat Wq U? nSrElS™ «q""tad.to call or corre.pond ond
' V^^^^^^v' V W%O? —^ lIOTELU no:lce my trsatment. fIDVICE FREE.
' Wliwpf' / I W%fs& Blockrturg. Cal. Feb. IS. 1900. • 11 ..!?".! yO ",T y f L n il y l J lu *.s roted
/i nUfmtv& Your Electric B«lt has restored oooK. Mcilden. Wife and Motber." upoo
- \K\\\\\\V BiflF^ii \ { ) I' fv^VV my rtrennth and vitality, ami request ; no charge.
VWVvvWBIPl 1 "I I \ '* has also. ¦greatly benefited my
\\i\\V^^ 'M'i/M ¦II ( \ *"\ > -* busband. »o That he Is now able T\V> fJZ A MnT A TTnWT TM
«V« V s^/i -// ) l?S to follow his hard work all the UK. £fi.A. IuGLAUuiILIIM,
¦= !^S^frfr r^_r3f ¦ \*S . '' mm \ o T n °" ™JVJ V refer ' otherB t0 TO2 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. X.: Dur-
' , " ' ' •-' u«.--ioun troiy, . . dick Block, cor. Sprlait and Second fits..
. . ¦ MKb. a. H^°^t- Loa Anxeles..
Hard work does not hurt a well
•woman. It is the weak woman, suf-
fering from diseases peculiar to her
sex, who breaks down under the daily
strain of household duties.- For dis-
eases of the delicate womanly organs
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription is
the standard remedy. Over half a
million vomen owe health and hap-
piness to Dr. Pierces treatment.
"No tongue. conW rxpres* the pain that 1.
endured before I commenced taking Dr.
Pierce'a medicine," writes Mr». Mollie Col-
gate, of Randolph, Charlotte C0..-Va. 'I
was not oWe to do anything at all. Could
not eat asythinf except bread and tea— or if
I did the top of my head hurt to it teemed
it would kill .o>#: out now I can eat a lit-
tle of almost anything I want and can do
a good day* work a? well as any body can.
Are better than I have been for year*. I
think your medicine ie the best thr.t ever
I was made for ft is the only thins that ever
I '.id me any good. I tried many other kinds
I but none eld roe any jrood bet ycur ' Pavorite
I Prescription * and 'Golden Medical Discor-
I try.' 1 can never praise them too highly."
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
O A X t^NDRACEJRACK^Iond^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ti7Fe^TT»~TI»- :43«i; U-l«. l:09«i: t4f. l:M!4< I'oor Hart. Won flr*t three dTivin*.
Kr M Qiilnn 1 . hi by imp. Mariner-Eufntia. Winner stood a hard drive. Grady
ran a swell rar«. after b_lr__«i_fi_2sJ_£S^_JJS^££^ ~~
1138. rOI.'RTH ItACK— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; eelllnc; purse, $400.
Time— H. :24: V». :*^T Poor dart. Won handily, second and third driving. Winner. Burns
A Waterhoure'g eh. g.. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick trill do. Diderot away none
too well. Klng_^liecutoffatBtsiTt^Bcratche(l— -TTic>rrJTj-il<llC k fi. Madse Simpson 10S.
ll.'tt). FIFTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; pelllnir: three-year-olds and up; purs*, 1 $S5O
Tim*— l-18. :0«»i: *-»«. :SJ>9i; 9-18. :Ss'i; IJ-1«. 1:21%: mil*, 1:41; 1 l-16ro. 1:47. ,'Good *tart.
Won firnt thr»* driving. Winner. Georre Millar's br. c, by Imp. W»tercreFS-lmp. Lizzie
Hampton. W4th raor* luck Allenna mlg-ht hay» vron. Silver Ton* badly mrntil aboui.
. Gauntlet quit./ Ca*dal« no speed. Scratched— Lost Girl 10R, None Such 110, El Mido 10«.
nesalbra US. Fpike S*. ' _____ j -
4
Will Enter Roped
Arena Prepared
to Put Up Great
; Battle for Fistic
Supremacy.
trt ni t'UPHY and Xoill are Rradually
/f\//\ taperinp: oil in their training.
J£. )A Vk With thoir international contest
l)iit threo days off, the boxers arc
not keeping up the hard work that char
acterized their earlier prepar.-Ulors for the
fight. The Australian seems cat sfted that
he is in the liest of shape, and durlnK the
short time remaining will confine his ef-
PRINCIPALS IN THE EOUT TO BE DECIDED FRIDAY N'GHT
?"""*•
TVI'X
U»
11K
1117
11JS
nr»
mi*
H?>
lJff>
10»4
1101
t ¦ 1
HorM>. Ag*. tVelght.jSt.-
~~M>lkarth. 5 106! 8
Invtnrr 11. 6 WJ| %
Col. Root. B ltti 8
Gredy. a :..1W 10
KamlVt. 4 101 t
U» Happr. S 194 »
TwinklK Tvlnk. IT.IN 7
P*fianr«. 4 IWI «
Poorlanfl*. 4 1(W 1
Rainier. 4 ." .....103 »;
av«rhur?t. 8 106.11
_%
* 1
4 1
5 h
19 40
« ",
t 10
f 1
! 4
l h
11
H
5 H
3 2
4 h
in 40
« Mi
?2 H
1 3
1 n
9 •
11
*L
% 1
6 1
10 «5
4 h
T 1
* i
i 4
1 ¦!
9 W
11
StrC
j'h
1 h
3 1
•* m
4 h
i 1
» 1
t 4
io «3
Fin. I Jock»y. !Qp. Ct.
1 n Mounc* 19 2Q
13 H. Shield!' « «
3 1 Boreman W (!
4 4 Hill* 8 8
ft 4 Aniw 8 15
« 1 HolrrwM 10 IS
7fi N. Hill 19 »0
5 I Ranch 8 13
9 J J. Daly * »-»
19 100 Ba»rln«»r .... 3 8
11 Buchanan — 4 12
1r.4»». Hory».__jygjjfht.|WL ; _
lisi Mis* Ma4»tlne ltt J
Ifi3fc Kettle Clark lt>2 »
t«54 For Fre+dom 10J 1
IWB YoutiK Mor«!lo JOT 7
loss Ix>uis» Iliyman I*2 J
ICfS Bonn J« •
WX) Jlixford l ft 4 10
1031 rin* Shot 107 4
1074 Tancb* 91 «
IW.O Th» Pcct 95 »
: h
1 1
8 1 '
4 «
T 8
: l
6 U
s :
3 '4
a :
10
%
i i
!?
i i
c i
•• « i
¦ * V 4
9 1
19
fir.
1 I
4 1
J 1
5 2
3 h
6 1
f 1
7 1
9 1
10
1 t :
J l s
i 2
4 2
5 1
« Vk
7 1
8 M
9 I
10
J Jockey.
Am»s
fl. fctu*rt...
BaMlnger ..
Hoimt* ;
Gaffn*}' .....
Hal Brown.
Moore*
Buchanan ..
IxifOie
Illjineh ...¦¦¦
mr'6-5
... IS
s
... 10
?. 10
. . . 10
?. II
«
8
6 '
Cl.
»-5
*n
v
Vi
V)
20
20
%
20
4
:nd*x. Ho r?>. Age.
1132 Captive, a
1126 Scotch Plaid. 5
1049. Horton. 4
1943 lAtellA, 4
1102 JaM. I
\V>nht.|St.
~m\ h
\ 110! 2
no l
ios i
ios 4
H
3 2
2 n
s
4 1
i IH
«*
i 2
4 4
1 1
«4
4 1
2 h
5
2 1
1 h
Etr.
1 n
2 14
3 1
4 2
3
Fin. | Jockey. [Op^
1 2 Ames 5-2
2 n H. Shields 6-5
3 3 Ruiz 2
410 ftozetnan ..... 60
. S - tTeinson 80
_CX
16-5
6-5
2
200
200
1104) Roll trk
1118 I>lderpt
10*9 Moonbrlßht .
• Marera
»47 KlngJtell* ..
1118 Scotch' Belle
.... BMlerophon .
IDCJ Intrepid* ....
Weight. |Ft.
;il i"l
11l «
ICX 5
108 4
IM 3
.-i» 195 7 .
..IN l|f
..:..;.iw s
_J4
1 2
7 2
S
Str.
1 2
2 1
s a
4 2
< *
7 2
S
Fin.
1 1
2 S.
8 4
4 I
5 S
S 10
7 2
8
~H. Shields \ 3-2 3-2
null 3-2 *1
Amen 10 20
Iloieman 50 2flfl
l iurh.'t nan 7 . 10
Holmes 20 M
BasnlnKCf ••¦'. W 200
N. Hill 29 89
Tfi«) Sir Hampton, t U t
1117 Allenpa. I 90 S
US?) Silver Tone. 4 1<» 1
HOT Prwtome. I »7 4
111* Gauntlet, 4 109 S
1111 Cafdale. 4 ...1W 7
1115 Kwlftwater. » .. *7 (
v
1 1
4 h
3 1
¦•2 '4
3 3
1 ¦
- « «i
1 *i
4 h
5 h
i j
i h
7
« 2
1 2
4 »
5 H
2 1
Str.
1 2
3 1
4 >«
5 h
6 1
« 4
7
Fin.
1 n
1 4
3 3
4 h
5 B
c g
7
| Jockey. |Op. Cl.
Bnyslnirer .... % 6
H. Stuart...... 8 '«
Buchanan .... 1 9-10
Burke ......'•.. 8 30
H. Shields • J s 9-2
HeinFOn R "25
LriKuo 20 103
Inflex. liorH.-Ap. W>t«ht.|St._
10S9 r*Ttwt. a .....:. .:.IM 5
lin Donator. i 10"! 4
MO Tlrad-, 4 1W J
U3 Storm King, 6...... .100 1
113* Croker. 4 103 «
1004 Anchored, 4 .105 2
10G0 Campu». 4 106 Th
< h
2 1
4 h '
i c
5 2
H
t'M
S h
2 h
}H
IB
LH_
H . Ptr.
J 2 4
SI S!
4 h 4 Vj
6 M (5 1
7 7
11 1 h
sh i M
Fin. I Jt>ckfy. IQp, Cl.
IV4 Buchanan ....I S-S 13-5
2 1 Ranch ........ 3 3
3 n Hasslncer .... 4 18-5
4 h H. Stuart..... 2 5-2
.5 3 Fauntteroy; .:. 20 49
« H ' Ames \. 20 30
7 J. W00d5...... 20 BQ
1r.4»». Hory».__jygjjfht.|WL ; _
lisi Mis* Ma4»tlne ltt J
Ifi3fc Kettle Clark lt>2 »
t«54 For Fre+dom 10J 1
IWB YoutiK Mor«!lo JOT 7
loss Ix>uis» Iliyman I*2 J
ICfS Bonn J« •
WX) Jlixford l ft 4 10
1031 rin* Shot 107 4
1074 Tancb* 91 «
IW.O Th» Pcct 95 »
: h
1 1
8 1 '
4 «
T 8
: l
6 U
s :
3 '4
a :
10
%
i i
!?
i i
c i
•• « i
¦ * V 4
9 1
19
fir.
1 I
4 1
J 1
5 2
3 h
6 1
f 1
7 1
9 1
10
1 t :
J l s
i 2
4 2
5 1
« Vk
7 1
8 M
9 I
10
J Jockey.
Am»s
fl. fctu*rt...
BaMlnger ..
Hoimt* ;
Gaffn*}' .....
Hal Brown.
Moore*
Buchanan ..
IxifOie
Illjineh ...¦¦¦
mr'6-5
... IS
s
... 10
?. 10
. . . 10
?. II
«
8
6 '
Cl.
»-5
*n
v
Vi
V)
20
20
%
20
4
Inflex. liorH.-Ap. W>t«ht.|St._
10S9 r*Ttwt. a .....:. .:.IM 5
lin Donator. i 10"! 4
MO Tlrad-, 4 1W J
U3 Storm King, 6...... .100 1
113* Croker. 4 103 «
1004 Anchored, 4 .105 2
10G0 Campu». 4 106 Th
< h
2 1
4 h '
i c
5 2
H
t'M
S h
2 h
}H
IB
LH_
H . Ptr.
J 2 4
SI S!
4 h 4 Vj
6 M (5 1
7 7
11 1 h
sh i M
Fin. I Jt>ckfy. IQp, Cl.
IV4 Buchanan ....I S-S 13-5
2 1 Ranch ........ 3 3
3 n Hasslncer .... 4 18-5
4 h H. Stuart..... 2 5-2
.5 3 Fauntteroy; .:. 20 49
« H ' Ames \. 20 30
7 J. W00d5...... 20 BQ
:nd*x. Ho r?>. Age.
1132 Captive, a
1126 Scotch Plaid. 5
1049. Horton. 4
1943 lAtellA, 4
1102 JaM. I
\V>nht.|St.
~m\ h
\ 110! 2
no l
ios i
ios 4
H
3 2
2 n
s
4 1
i IH
«*
i 2
4 4
1 1
«4
4 1
2 h
5
2 1
1 h
Etr.
1 n
2 14
3 1
4 2
3
Fin. | Jockey. [Op^
1 2 Ames 5-2
2 n H. Shields 6-5
3 3 Ruiz 2
410 ftozetnan ..... 60
. S - tTeinson 80
_CX
16-5
6-5
2
200
200
?"""*•
TVI'X
U»
11K
1117
11JS
nr»
mi*
H?>
lJff>
10»4
1101
t ¦ 1
HorM>. Ag*. tVelght.jSt.-
~~M>lkarth. 5 106! 8
Invtnrr 11. 6 WJ| %
Col. Root. B ltti 8
Gredy. a :..1W 10
KamlVt. 4 101 t
U» Happr. S 194 »
TwinklK Tvlnk. IT.IN 7
P*fianr«. 4 IWI «
Poorlanfl*. 4 1(W 1
Rainier. 4 ." .....103 »;
av«rhur?t. 8 106.11
_%
* 1
4 1
5 h
19 40
« ",
t 10
f 1
! 4
l h
11
H
5 H
3 2
4 h
in 40
« Mi
?2 H
1 3
1 n
9 •
11
*L
% 1
6 1
10 «5
4 h
T 1
* i
i 4
1 ¦!
9 W
11
StrC
j'h
1 h
3 1
•* m
4 h
i 1
» 1
t 4
io «3
Fin. I Jock»y. !Qp. Ct.
1 n Mounc* 19 2Q
13 H. Shield!' « «
3 1 Boreman W (!
4 4 Hill* 8 8
ft 4 Aniw 8 15
« 1 HolrrwM 10 IS
7fi N. Hill 19 »0
5 I Ranch 8 13
9 J J. Daly * »-»
19 100 Ba»rln«»r .... 3 8
11 Buchanan — 4 12
1104) Roll trk
1118 I>lderpt
10*9 Moonbrlßht .
• Marera
»47 KlngJtell* ..
1118 Scotch' Belle
.... BMlerophon .
IDCJ Intrepid* ....
Weight. |Ft.
;il i"l
11l «
ICX 5
108 4
IM 3
.-i» 195 7 .
..IN l|f
..:..;.iw s
_J4
1 2
7 2
S
Str.
1 2
2 1
s a
4 2
< *
7 2
S
Fin.
1 1
2 S.
8 4
4 I
5 S
S 10
7 2
8
~H. Shields \ 3-2 3-2
null 3-2 *1
Amen 10 20
Iloieman 50 2flfl
l iurh.'t nan 7 . 10
Holmes 20 M
BasnlnKCf ••¦'. W 200
N. Hill 29 89
Tfi«) Sir Hampton, t U t
1117 Allenpa. I 90 S
US?) Silver Tone. 4 1<» 1
HOT Prwtome. I »7 4
111* Gauntlet, 4 109 S
1111 Cafdale. 4 ...1W 7
1115 Kwlftwater. » .. *7 (
v
1 1
4 h
3 1
¦•2 '4
3 3
1 ¦
- « «i
1 *i
4 h
5 h
i j
i h
7
« 2
1 2
4 »
5 H
2 1
Str.
1 2
3 1
4 >«
5 h
6 1
« 4
7
Fin.
1 n
1 4
3 3
4 h
5 B
c g
7
| Jockey. |Op. Cl.
Bnyslnirer .... % 6
H. Stuart...... 8 '«
Buchanan .... 1 9-10
Burke ......'•.. 8 30
H. Shields • J s 9-2
HeinFOn R "25
LriKuo 20 103REDWOOD TIMBER
SYNDICATE WILL
NOT GO THROUGH
Option on Lands and Mills
Expires the First Day
of May.
Promoters "Were Unable to Secure
Necessary Capital — New Combine
Hay Be Formed On Much
Smaller Basis.
It is stated on good authority that the
Fyndicate formed about a year ago to buy
up all the redwood timber in Northern
California and Oregon will not go through.
The option on the lands and mills will ex
pire on May 1. and It is understood that
it will not be renewed. As far as can be
learned the syndicate has never made any
effort to survey the immense tract of land
it contemplated buying and the matter
will simply be dropped.
Inability to raise the amount of coin
necessary to float the big deal is given as
the reason for the abandonment of the
schrme. On the basis' on which the pur
chase of lands and mills was planned it Is
stated that it would have taken fully J20.
000.000 to have consummated the deal. It
is claimed there is not enough demand
for redwood lumber at the present time
to warrant the Investment of so much
capital. The area of the timber lands
that were to have been taken in has
never been.detinitely known, but the prop
osition was to corner practically all the
accessible redwood timber on the coast.
There is a possibility that another syn
dicate may be formed by different parties
on new lines and on a much lower basis
than the old one. It Is understood that
one plant and section of land that were
offered to the old syndicate for nearly
$1,000,000 can now be had for JWO.OOO. "The
calculation is that the scheme can be
floated on a capital of $10,000,000 and on
that basis can be put through. Agents of
the proposed new syndicate are now
working on th« plan.
The agents for the old syndicate are
Holt & Gray. It is understood that no
"cruisers" have been sent' through the
timber and practically no surveys of It
have been made. •
the California Theater in a farewell con
cert. These artists have made such a fav
orable impression that the attendance will
undoubtedly be greater than at the pre
vious concerts, when the public was only
learning to like them. On Friday Mr,
Petschnikoff will play the Bach Fugue,
which i 3 seldom undertaken in public, and
Mr. Hambourg and Mr. Lachaume will
play "The Danse Macabre" on two pianos.
Chutes.
Several new acts were put on at the
Chutes last night. The Davenport Sisters
made their first appearance here ar.d
made a pronounced hit in their songs and
dances. Evans and Maitland presented a
very funny comedy sketch. Alice Ray
mond, the lady cornetist, played popular
selections. Jones, Davis and Heard, the
Criterion Trio, also present a very funny
sketch. The balance of the "WH includes
the Hewitts, Mullen and Ward, Edwari
Adams and new moving pictures.
Fischer's Concert House.
This week's programme at Fischer's
Concert House is diversified enough to
please the most . exacting music lover.
The vocal selections as rendered by Sig
nor Badaracco, Slgnorinas Barducci. Pol
lettlni and Puereri. and the songs in En
glish by Miss Sherwood, were all hear
tily encored. The opera offering, "La
Traviata," was acted and sung enjoyably.
Gentry's Dumb Actors.
The trained animal show at Central
Park Is stil! an interesting source of
amusement to the people of this city.
Every one marvels at the cleverness of
Professor Gentry's dumb equine and
canine actors. The programme is one
long comedy enacted by fourfooted play
ers. who seem to enter into the fun of the
parts they take.
Olympia.
There is a good bill at the Olympla this
week. Romalo Brothers and the Bartons
continue to be popular and the rest of the
programme was well received last night.
California.
"Captain Lettarblair" drew another
crowded house at the California last even
ing. The play bids fair to be banner week
of the Neill season.
Grand Opera-House.
The extravaganza at the Grand Opera
house, with its wealth of pretty girfs and
gorgeous scenery, continues to attract the
theater-going public. The company has
"caught on" and the indications are that
the "Arabian Girl" is on for a long run.
A rehearsal of the musical and physical
culture features of the teachers' May day
festival, to be held at Glen Park, took
place in . the Lincoln Schoolhouse yard
yesterday. Hundreds of pupils partic'
pated. Professor Itarth. director of physi
cal culture, and Miss Estelle Carpenter,
special music teacher, conducted the ex
ercises. Another rehearsal will be held at
3 p. m. to-day at Eighth and Harrison
streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AGNES WILLIAMS, one of the most
bewitching secundas of the band
of coryphees now delighting audi
ences at the Grand Opera-house, Is
to be united in marriage scon to Den A.
Mullen, late stage manager and comedian
of the Clay Clement and L. R. Stockwell
companies.
Miss Williams has been identitied with
the big productions at the Grand Opera
house for some time, and has the repu
tation of being one of the most graceful
and skillful danseuses on this coast.
Mr. Mullen is a versatile comedian, and
is well known to theater-goers of this
city. He was at one time a prominent
member cf the Olympic Club ar.d was con
sidered a good all-round athlete.
POPULAR THESPIANS
TO ASSUME NEW ROLE
- < -»^jESQy r ""*'i>2s| reaady fjr Uonorrn<«w
*45S3^CCBEo^lffla tJlert. Sportaatorrhcets
?^'Tyial to i-SaTJ-Ti >«hi:ei unnatural ii*
CfL>f Gu.-MU«i w f n *r<e». or any Infla-nraa.
nfw no* id Mrimn. tlos, , irritation or v. jer*-
MM.ttnati <xnt&t)aa. tian of bdcoii mesa*
E jrmEwM CHnnm Co. »««»«•. Soa-Mtrin«eat.
*32S\c:si«An,o.E5S3 Hoia br '>*«***»««.
W»k p. "•„ a !72y S r i * ns la P^'n wrapper.
<$3U>JI~*J&Zn t>7 «;si-*j. pr?7ti,], tot
B IS Jl-00. or 2 boUlt*, J2.7X
T»^Qgag?V' B Ciauuia* aaoi -v t*ta*a«
Shake into Your Shoes
Alltn'R Foot-Eas*. a powder. It make- tight cr
new shoes feel easy. Cures Corns. Bunlona.
6wollen. Tired. Sweatlar. Achlac Feet. 30.0WJ
testimonial*. At all druggrlflts and *bee stores.
ZZc. Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Addiew Al
len a Olmited, J> Roy. N. Y.
Threatened to Kill Her Neighbors.
Mrs. Fannie Teagle, who resides on San
Bruno road, was arrested yesterday aft
ernoon by Officer C. J. Joseph on a war
rant sworn to by Julia Roberts, a neigh
bor, charging her with assault with a
deadly weapon. During a (iuarrel Mrs.
Teagle, the complaint reads, pointed a
shotgun at Mrs. Roberts and threatened
to shoot her.
Letter Box Rifled.
Some miscreant opened the letter box
at the corner of Folsom and Second
streets yesterday and abstracted Its con
tents. Charles Apt. ' a letter carrier in
that district, lost his keys yesterday, and
it Is presumed that.th<* finder of them
rifled the letter box. The postoffice au
thorities have asked the Police Depart
ment to help them locate the thief.
Fitzgerald Jury Out.
REDWOOD CITY, April 23.-ln the
Fitzgerald murder case Attorney Board
man for the defense closed his argument
at 10 o'clock this morning. He was fol
lowed by the District Attorney, who for
over an hour addressed the Jury. Judge
Lorrlgan then gave lengthy Instructions
and the Jurymen retired. No verdict has
yet been reached.
HAWKINS REFUSED
TO MEET M'PARTLAND
Latter "Was Overweight, and for This
Benson the Californian Would
Not Go On.
NEW YORK. April 23.— At the Hercules
Athletic Club. Brooklyn, to-night Kid
McPartland of New York and Dal Hawk
ins of California were billed to box twen
ty-five rounds at 135 pounds, but Hawkins
refused to go on, as McPartland was over
weight. The club managers then put on
Jerry Sullivan of Boston in place of Mc-
Partland. Sullivan was shorter but sev
eral pounds heavier than the Californian.
When the men were introduced the crowd
hooted, as they saw it was to be an un
even battle. Sullivan made a rush in the
second, landing right and left on Hawkins,
but it was only spasmodic, as Hawkins
floored him with a right swing on the
jaw.
When the Bostonlan got up again he
was bewildered, and Hawkins forced him
all over iho ring, landing both hands on
body and head •nt will. Sullivan fell
agnlnst the ropes and would have gone
down and out had not the referee stopped
the bout before the three minutes had ex
pired. White led Sullivan to his corner
and declared Hawkins the winner.
Marcum Released.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RED BLUFF. April 23.— Dewitt Mar
cum. vi ho killed Mike Gannon at Cone's
ranch by knocking him down during a
fist fight Sunday, was given his freedom
to-day and will hot. be tried for murder.
The Coroner's jury returned a verdict that
Gannon came to his death by the disloca
tion of his neck by a blow from a fist or
a fall while engaged in an altercation with
Dewitt Marcum. but with no criminal in
tent on the part of the said Marcum. The
latter will ro to work again for Douglas
S. Cone, who Interested himself In behalf
of the young man, who made a good im
pression by his testimony, which was
straightforward and sincere.
Mrs. Trescott Divorced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., April , 23.— Charles B.
Trescott, the millionaire cold storage man
of Portland, secured a divorce to-day from
his wife, Josephine Trescott, who, under
the stage name of Virginia Drew, made
her debut at the Alcazar last November,
unknown to her husband. The most im
portant evidence Introduced, and In fact
the only evidence, was a copy of The San
Francisco Call containing a picture and
an interview with Mrs. Trescott. in which
she said she and her husband were not
congenial and that he did nothing but
sleep and count his money. Mrs. Trescott
did not fight the proceedings.
A church In Leavenworth. Kan?., ha?
obtained a Circuit Court judemer.t against
the Chicago and Or^-at Western Railway
Company for disturbing: Sunday services
by working train? near the church.
Promotions in Police Department.
The Civil Service Commission met last
r.ip*ft to take up the question of providing
for promotions in the Police Department,
in compliance with a request made by the
Board of Police Commissioners. The lat
ter were under the impression that the
department i 6 entitled to one more captain
of police in addition to the fire already in
the service. The Civil Service Commission
holds that under th* charter the depart
ment may have but five captains, that is
one for every 303 patrolmen. Th<»r«* arp 505
officers. As Captain Sej mour has been
detailed Chief of Detectives it was thought
that a vacancy existed. The Civil Service
Commission finds that there are only three
j»ositions of sern^antp now vacant. The
manner in which promotion? wili be made
was postponed tor three weeks.
SIR KNIGHTS
WELCOMED IN
LOS ANGELES
Commanderies in Attendance
at the Annual Con
clave.
City Is En Fete, and the Street
Parade Will Ba the Principal
Feature of Interest to the
Public.
LOS ANGELES. April 23.— Los Angeles
will be en fete during three days of the
present week, the Knights Templar of
California having already begun to take
possession of the city as Its guests.
The forty-second annual State conclave
was ushered in with the arrival of Cali
fornia Commandery of San Francisco and
Oakland Commandery shortly after 11
o'clock this morning. The two command
erics, with a representation from Peta
luma. reached here in a special train. The
San Francisco Commandery brought with
it fifty black horses for the use of its
members, and a white one for Eminent Sir
Knight John Tonnlngsen. commander.
The visitors were met at the Arcade
depot by a band, several Knights in full
uniform from Los Angeles turning out to
greet them and escorting them to their
hotels. The Oakland men were first de
posited at the Hotel Van Nuys, the San
Francisco Commandery being taken to
the Hollinbeck.
The parade to-morrow afternoon will
hr.ye over 1000 men in line, representing
thirty-six commanderjes.
Among the comanderies that will par
ticipate in the line of march will be three
battalions, comprising 400 Sir Knights
from the division north of Tehachapi, San
Diego 50 Knights. Pomona Commandery
25 Knights. San Bernardlrto Commandery
30 Knights. Riverside Commandery 30
Knights. Ventura Commandery2s Knights.
Santa Barbara Commandery 23 Knights
Pasadena Commandery 73 Knights, Santa
Ana Commandery 25 Knights, and
Golden Gate Commandery from San
Francisco with four companies, each hav
ing 25 Knights. The escort will comprise
fifty mounted Knights, who will represent
every commandery In California.
JAMES NEILL.
new and different. The rest of the com
pany is not obtrusive, except in the pro
gramme which contains the names of
some thirty dramatis personae, most of
whom constitute the scenery.
Lucy Daly is spindly and spritely and
dances with her same old enthusiasm, and
also sing?. There are others, too. who
sing, "assisted by the chorus." but the as
sistance is vain and vile and of the buzz-
Eaw variety. Will West and Margaret
Daly Yokes are unconsciously humorous
In their rendering of a familiar ditty, to
whirh the male gives a fantastic phrastic
rendering. He insists upon telling "ted
honey" that he has "whey," and gets an
encore for doing so.
Kncores were scarce last night and were
generally born in the gallery and "as
sisted by the chorus" in the lobby. A cer
tain George Sidney made most of what
laughter there was in the part of Isy
Mafk, a vehicle for many of the hand
me-down jokes I have mentioned. His
greatest bi^ for applause was when he
acquires an earful of beer from a speak
ing tube, one of the daintiest episodes in
a generally vulgar performance.
PORTER GARNETT.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum's programme- this week
contains the names of many how artists,
although those who appeared last week
were welcomed and liberally applauded.
Miss Gussie Brosche, who appeared with
Frank Rae in a light skit, showed much
cleverness in her performance . on the
piano. Among the new and beautiful
faces is that of Miss Mildred Stoller. who
is possessed of a pleasing voice. One of
the most highly appreciated entertainers
is Dlgby Bell. His stories and songs kept
the audience in a roar of laughter. He
was regarded as a whole show in himself.
Falke and Semon. musical comedians,
were cordially. received. Among the dan
cers Mile. Proto can be rated as decidedly
clever. Another feature of the show is
Mile. Marzella's performing birds. The
efforts of Bellman and Moore to please
were successful. A. O. Duncan, the ven
triloquist, contributed his share of amuse
ment. The last on the progranfme, but by
no means the least, were the Guitanos,
acrobats. They were excellent and the
entire audience remained quiet until the
curtain went down.
Tivoli.
"The Wizard of the Nile" entered upon
its second week in better shape than ever.
Ferris Hartman is still funnier and inde
fatigable in his efforts to keep the busi
ness, going without any lapses. He was
ably assisted by Wheelan. Annie Meyers.
Frances Graham and Helen Merrill. Miss
Merrill as the Princess was In unusual
good voice last night and her acting was
of the dainty order required by the part.
As a result of the efforts of the company
the house enjoyed a hearty laugh from the
rise to the fall of each curtain. The en
semble of the choruses was specially
praiseworthy, the wreath ballot being par
ticularly charming, while the choral sing
ing left little to be desired. .The Tivoli
management has In preparation "The
Three Musketeers." "Madeline, or the
Magic Kiss" and "The Sea King." each
of which promises to afford a rich fund of
amusement.
Alcazar.
Sinklewicz's "Quo Vadis," with its many
picturesque and strong situations, its flow
ing action, its turgid heroics and its caric
ature of a tyrant, holds its own in the
public heart with a sure grip. There was
not a seat vacant in the Alcazar last night
and the audience applauded a good deal
at. the heroic sayings of the stage Chris
tians, and sniveled just a little bit In the
melancholy passages. "Quo •Vadis". Is an
object lesson of the fact that melodrama
Is one of the amiable weaknesses of
human nature. The Alcazar management
is glad that it is. It is running like wild
fire and hasn't stopped yet.
Petsshnikoff and Hambourg.
On Friday afternoon at 3:15 o'clock Pet
schnikoff and Hambourg will be heard at
SUCCESSOR TO WEBSTER
DAVIS IS NOMINATED
President Sends the Name of Frank
L- Campbell to the Senate for
Confirmation.
WASHINGTON. April 23.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate:
To b* as'tstar.t quartermasters, with rajjk
of captain — First Lieutenant Thomas B. Lam
orea-jx. John Gibbon Jr. of Oregon.
Navy— Lieutenant Commander Herbert ¦Wins
low, to he a cemmandfr: Lieutenant Kdwartl
E. Wrisrht. to he a lieutenant commander.
Interior— To be Indian agents: Morris L.
Bridx^man of Montana, for the IMknap
Agency, Montana; Oscar A. Mltscher of Otcla
hrma. for the O«ag<» Agency. Oklahoma.
Frank L. Campbell of the District of Colum
bia, to ho Assistant Secretary of the Interior.
J. H. Hollander of Maryland to be Treasurer
of the Islonil of Pcrto Rico; John R. Garrison
of |>« District nf Columbia, to be Auditor of
the Island of Porto Rico.
Frank L. Campbell, who succeeds Web
ster Davis as Assistant Secretary of the
Interior. Is 56 years of age. He was born
In West Virginia and l?ft Washington and
Jefferson College to enter the Union army.
At the close of the war he opened the first
free school In West Virginia. In l>7o he
came to Washington as an employe in the
census office and rose steadily to an as
sistant attorneyship in the office of the
Assistant Attorney General for the In
terior Department, which position he has
held for nineteen years, having -by pro
motions become first assistant attorney.
Mr. Campbell has always been an earnest
Republican. It Is understood that Secre
tary Hitchcock asked for Mr. Campbell's
appointment.
PORTLAND RAILWAYS SOLD.
Strest-car System Purchased by San
Francisco Syndicate.
Special Dispatch to Th* Ca!l.
PORTLAND. Or.. April 13.— About one
half of the street railways of Portland
passed to-day into the hands of a San
Francisco syndicate consisting of W. 11.
Crocker, D. O. Mlll3. S. Prentiss Smith
of the Bank of California. Percy T. Mor
gan, president of the California Wire As
sociation, and J. C. Ainaworth. The deal
involves thirty miles of double track elec
tric railway and includes all the property
of the Portland Railway Company and
the Portland Traction Company, taking in
a!so the line to Vancouver. W ash.
While in reality the traction company
absorbed the Portland Railway Company,
the transfer legally was made to the lat
ter company and the new corporation ti
tle Is the Portland Railway Company. O.
F. Paxton of Portland was elected presi
dent and F. I. Fuller general manager.
The new management wiil take hold to
morrow. The figures have not been given
out. but it is understood that the syndi
cate paid about J600.C00 for the property. ¦
SONS OF ST. GEORGE
AID MANSION FUND
Successful Entertainment end Ball
Held Last Night at Union-
Square Hall.
Union Square Hall was crowded last
r.lght with members of the Sons of St.
Georg» and their friends, who were gath
ered then* to enjoy a. good entertainment
and to contribute toward the Mansion
House fund, established for the benefit of
the widows and orphans of soldiers killed
cr maimed in the Souih African war. The
hall was decorated for the occasion with
flags and bunting. Burnaby Lodge No. 1H
fend Pickwick Ixjdge No. 2T& had charge of
the affair. They were represented by the
following committee-. G. B. Rosewell. Dr
8. J. Hunkin. T. Musgrave. S. Creba Jr.',
\V. H. Ncrringron. J. Coates. Percy Wood
hcupe. W. G. Johnson. J. M. Pofnton C
B. Sedgwick. J. Dillon ar.d W. H. Fuller.
William R. J.-ick acted as chairman of
th*- evfnins ani made a clever speech. H.
Digby Johnston was tho orator. He cre
ated immense enthusiasm by his patriotic
address. The remainder of the entertain
ment was made up of songs, recitations,
dances and other exercises, all of which
won applause. A social dance followed
the set programme. The floor managers
were J. 15. Brown p.nd H. R. Carles.
SKULL CRUSHED BY
A MOVING ELEVATOR
A Japanese Boy Meets With a Hor
rible Death in a Lodging-
House.
A Japanese boy who was known as
George Tattusokto met with a horrible
death in a lodging-houne at 31 Stockton
street last night. He was in the freight
compartment of the elevator when he sig
naled the conductor to ascend to the next
floor. Just before the elevator started the
unfortunate boy jumped from the cage to
pick tip some article of furniture which
he had intended to take up stairs with
him. After securing it he jumped back
Into the moving cage. He was struck by
the floor of the passenger compartment
and thrown headlong into the storeroom.
When picked up it was found that his
skull was fractured at the base and his
neck broken. As he was still breathing he
was removed to the Receiving Hospital,
but died soon after reaching there.
James Walnright. the boy who was In
charge of the elevator at the time, was
arrested, but released on bonds.
SCNE OF BURK'S DEATH AND PARTICIPANTS IN TRAGEDY.
mONEY and Jealousy seem to be
important factors in the mystery
surrounding the death of Charles
Burk. who was taken from the
home of John Dempsey Sunday night
with his skull crushed and his pockets
empty. Dempsey and Martha Ball, the
woman with whom he has resided at 2u9
Natoma street, are detained at the City
Prison suspected of being responsible for
Burk's tragic end.
The police are making a thorough inves
tigation of the case. While the circum
stances point strongly toward the guilt of
Dempsey and the Ball woman the detec
tives have not yet been able to secure any
direct evidence connecting them with the
crime.
The finding of the dead man's money
and watch hidden In the basement of the
Dempsey house is one of the things the
nceuseu wiil have to explain. The state
ment of Robert Ford. Burk's roommate
at 40 Minna street, that the deceased and
Dempsey had been rivals for the affec
lions of Martha Ball and that they had
frequently quarreled over her supplies a
possible motive for the crime.
In th« face of this Dempsey and his
companion proclaim their innocence. Their
ttory is that Burk fell down a stairway
and "sustained the injuries which caused
his death. They had lifted his body from
the narrow sidewalk where it lay. they as
sert, and tenderly carried it into the
house where it was found by the Morgue
officials.
Detective Dillon and Police Officer
Reamer are investigating the case. The
officer was notified of tne tragedy soon
after it had occurred. He and Pollen Offi
cer Morrissey went to the Dempsey hjuse
at once. They found the body of Burk on
the bed in an upper front room. They
elicited from Dempsey the stairway story.
It appeared plausible enough until Ford,
the dead man's roommate, made the dis
closures concerning Burk's money and
watch. He stated that Sunday evening
before Burk left to visit Dempsey he had
handed him $33 and a watch which he had
been keeping for him since the night be
fore.
Officer Beamer then drmand^d from
Dempsey to tell him where the watch and
money were. He denied that he knew
anything about the missing money or the
timepiece. The Bail woman declared that
she was similarly ignorant. Beamer in
pistM on getting* the information. The
woman finally weakened and led him
down to the basement and revealed
Burk's watch and $25 in money hidden un
i'er a lounge.- She said she had taken the
property irom the body while her hus
uand was away looking for a doctor.
"Burk and myself were always good
friends and never quarreled," said Demp
sey at the prison yesterday. "He came to
my place about S:3O Sunday night and
started to leave at a quarter of 10. He
was intoxicated. He opened the door and
my wife started after a lamp to light
him down the steps. Suddenly he fell and
went clear down to v the sidewalk. My
wife ran back and exclaimed, *My God,
Charlie lias fallen I' We both went down
and found Burk lying with his head clear
out on the cobbles. I tried to pack him
in. and that's how I got the blood on my
clothes. He was too heavy for me to
pack, but a stranger came along and with
his assistance we got Burk inside. Then
! ran to the drugstore at Third and How
ard street? to pet a doctor, but found
none. I did not know my wife had taken
the money and watch until she told the
policeman."
The woman corroborated Dempsey's
story. She said she took the money and
watch intending to give both to Ford and
have him send them to Burk's young
daughter, who lives in Portland.
The statement made by Ford forms the
strongest evidence against Dempsey and
the woman. He said that Burk had at
one time lived with Martha Ball, and that
Jealousy existed between- him and Demp
sey. which led to frequent quarrels.
Frank Traynor of 250 Natoma street
says that he helped carry Burk into
Dempsey's house. lie was attracted to
the place by the woman's exclamations.
He says Burk was not lying with hi.s
head on the cobbles, but lengthwise with
the sidewalk.
Vincent Zuper, an old man, who lives
next door to the Dempseys. says he heard
the men talking at the door and heard
one of them fall down the steps.
Autopsy Surgeon Leland found a folir
inch fracture in Burk"s skull. It extended
from the back of the head to a point in
front of the left ear. There was also a
contusion of the left cheek. The doctor
said the fracture could have been caused
by a fall.
There was nothing suspicious about the
case of Thomas Gill, who died at the
Dempsey residence March IS. He was an
old mar and lived in the basement. While
carrying some wood down the steps he
fell and soon afterward died. The au
topsy showed heart disease to have been
the cause.
The Coroner's inquest will be held next
Saturday morning at 10 o'clock.
WARD AND VOKES
IN TRAMP DRAMA
AND AGED JOKES
"The Floor-Walkers" Made
Up of Gags Culled From
Periodicals.
"Captain . Lettarblair" the New Bill
at the California — Successful At
tractions Elsewhere Are
Having 1 Good Buns.
"The Floor- Walkers" Is not half bad— It
Is all bad.
I do not know what pave this excres
cence its name, unless Messrs. Ward and
Vokes have walked the floor in "the sad.
silent watches of the night," trying to
concoct inane jokes. They have succeeded
in landlnj? a few that are not as familiar
as the cable cars, but for the rest the en
tertainment is about as original as a mar
ket report and no more exciting.
It would be held an infliction if one
were asked to peruse for three hours the
"wit and humor" columns in last year's
file of a country paper, but "The Floor
Walkers" offers no more amusement than
would such an insane occupation.
We have had plotless "pieces" aplenty,
but there is no more thread to. this "pro-'
duction" than there is to Marconi's sys
tem of wireless telegraphy. It Is a game
of beanbag. in which the "characters"
toss stale Jokes from one to the other
without precision and consequently with-,
out humorous effect.
Ward and Vokes persist in tramping in
spite of the fact that the stage tramp has
been done to death. The ragtime of com
edy is past, and now we want something
JEALOUSY MAY HAVE
CAUSED THE TRAGEDY
STILL THE JAPS
KEEP COMING BY
BOAT AND TRAIN
Coast Steamers and Oregon
Express Bring Many
From North.
Numbers of Thotja Arriving on the
Nippon Maru Have Been Re
fused a Lauding' by the
Inspectors.
The steamer I'matilia. which arrive!
from Pug«?t Sound on Sunday, brought
13) Japanese laborers to San Francisco.
The overland, which arrived about the
same time as the I'matiHa, brought itiO
more, while the Oregon express brought
in 137 of the little brown men yesterday.
Nearly all of the Asiatics were on the
front about the same time, nnd for a.
while it looked as though a portion of
Japan— and the worst portion at that —
had been dumped on San Francisco's
water front.*
Of the -17 Japanese who came here on
the Nippon Mam 172 have been landed.
Of the other* twenty-one w»re refused a
landing because they were suffering from
loathsome diseases and twer.ty-four be
cause they were contract laborers.
It took Inspector U*»ff*ney a week to
examine and pass upon the Japanese en
the Nippon >'aru. There were only 217
of them, but it took him and his assist
ants a whole day to get them checked oft
and placed in line for examination.
The inspectors at Port Townaend are
much more rapid thnn the Inspectors here,
however. In one day they landed K»»)
Japanese and the California influx and the
big gathering on the front are thereby ex
plained.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1900.
BIG FIGHT OVER
ADMISSION OF
PENCIL DEEDS
Attorney Denson Maintains
They Are Immaterial
as Evidence.
Counsel for Mrs. Craven Argues All
Day to Keep the Much-Discussed
Documents From Incum
bering Records.
?
Ex-Judpe B. C. Dcr.son. who was asso
ciated with "Smasher" Curtis, Delmas et
al. in the famous pencil deeds case, when
Mrs. Craven fought for the Mission and
Bafiaome street properties, talked morning
und afternoon yesterday before Judge.
Troutt against the rtsht of the respond
ents to introduce those same deeds as
evidence in the present case, wherein
Mrs. Craven seeks to prove she is the
v.l<3ow of the late Senator Fair. Weary
was the day, for It was packed with
heavy law from the text-books and adju
dicated cases. When Attorney Garret Me-
Encrney gets his flir.p at the question to
cay Judge Troutt will decide whether or
not the pencil deeds. are material to the
Issues of the present litigation and
v.'hether the respondents may or may not
friject them ir.to their case.
"We object to the Introduction of any
exhibits which tend to show the invalidity
cf the deeds or th*-. wiil of September 24.
en the grounds of incompetency. irrele
vancy and immateriality.." said Judge
Denson at the outset of his argument.
Continuing for four hours he went over
a f.cld of what was and what was not
admissible evidence. citing analogies,
identities as to fact and text-book au
thorities. He claimed that this attempted
phase of litigation was a sid^ issue for the
mere purpose of introducing another case
row pending before the Supreme Court.
"This evidence is not admissible," he
Eaid. "because it does not conform to the
EllepatioV.s. It is a collateral matter and
sheds no light en the marriage contract or
The is?ues of the case. The charge of
fraud and conspiracy is an affirmative
one. which cannot be proved by cross-ex
amination, as it raises collateral issues
which will lead to a trial of collateral
questions. The witness was interrogated,
no* on direct examination but on cross
examination, in regard to her possession
of the deeds."
When cross-examined some weeks ago
Mrs. Craven was asked what provision
Senator Fair had made for her as a wife
4ind she answered: "The deeds." The
respondents claim that this provision was
r.ot made; that the deeds are false and
spurious ar.d they desire to have this
proved.
D^nson argued that the provision for
the wife cuts no figure In the case. All
that is necessary, he claimed, was the
marriage contract and if respondents still
asseverate that this is forged let them
prove it without recourse to extraneous
documents.
McEr.prnpy will argue the question for
the respondents when court convenes this
morning.
WELL-KNOWN THEATRICAL PEOPLE WHO ARE TO MARRY
. DR. METERS & CO. conduct the
largest nnd best eiiutpppd medical instl-
tutlon and have the most extensive prac-
tice In the world They avoid t*ie us-s
of all mineral, poisonous or dar.gerous
druKs :ind electric bolts. AU their
remedies, are carefully compounded In
their private laboratory, without ccst ta
their patients.
SPEClALlSTS— Estiblithed nektly 23 yeirs.
Advice and Consultation Free.
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure In any San Francisco bank, to b« .
paid only after they are well, or may
pay In monthly Installments.
731 Market St.. S. F.
Elevator Entrance. HOURS— DaIIy, S
to S; Evening". 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11.
1 ¦ .^>»sjSfe|
- i .v^^^v ft- -ft t
"1 KNOW I
MY HEALTH !
1 IS FAILING"
Is the remark of hundreds of
women dally. They have cau3»
for the assertion. They know
when they are not feeling well.
The first syirrtcms may be i
• heailache, dizziness, tired feel- J
: Ing or numerous other com- ¦
t plaints, which ore nothing b\2t
t nature's warning of approachir.f;
{ disease. ' t
* There mild symptoms lead to
\ NERVOUS PROSTRATION. ¦
i FEMALE COMPLAINT?.
< RHEUMATISM. KIDNEY and
] BLADDER TROUBLES, and I
many ether diseases. ;
%
The Cause j
is Impure Blood. |
A remedy that will purify the i
blood should b* taken. There 19 I
no remedy on earth that will j
purify the blood and cleanse the \
I system like
ELECTROZONE
? ELECTROZONE acta directly
i on the blood and removes all lm- ;
purities and nature does the
rest.
ELECTROZONE Has Cured
Hundreds of Thousands
of mIM anvi obstinate cases. f
where other remedies have 1
; failed. It Is curing women ta
> every portion of the globe. p
IT WILL CURE YOU. {
At Prusrlsts $1 a bottle. Send j
for pamphlet to ELSCTRO-
; ZONK IiKG. CO.. San Fran-
cisco.
£viBr? OR JORDAN'S grcatl
JSUSEUB Of aHATOHYS
n Q) U!l)U3ZZ7S7.t«t.e2i7 > .h.3./.C^.i
7 &i Tha Ljrgn? Anatoaicil M itrum in the \
sr J Wond. \* rarnr-rt of any comracteri A
W rV^ r/j «1 - v«c r*"' .«*»«-> y rurnd.-y the oici«t ™
3> fj^'i i* S Spcc»iu: it ;b<. Coast. E*b 30 you*. yt
A JS^Njf A 3S. oC«ttA.V-«H!TA7E C!SEASES£
«fl <f a >*«.«*• Cut* in eiery ca»:unU:naken. T
iQ/f |l/& Wrtster Bock. P!IILOS«PBY*ri
X A /I, T2lu*t>le bock for tars) \
7 Oil. iUBDASAt'O, IC&I 31.irtPt.St..?. F. T
Nl AV/\J y DR. PIERCES
igllll ELfeGTRIG
~{ lH^ THIS BELT 13 WAR-
A~7s, ranted to be th« latest lm-
' v proyed. most powerful and la
all r«rp*ct^ the best now manufactured la any
cart of the world. Its equal does not exist. Th«
Os.lr»nc«n»t er fbowa Ita electric current to N»
doabl* that c.t any ether. Easily reguUte.l.
rwrshry Jnsolated- Latest lot)ro»«d attach-
ment*. 9p«c!al conductors and electrodes.
rvmbU wire »u»pen«ory for men. It will cur*
any £!*ease en earth that tt Is posslol* to cur»
with electricity and It evrtt when others tail.
Buy bo belt till ynu ••• "Dr. Plercw't."
••necklet No. t." free at nfflee cr sent by raa'.l
t- r a 2-cent stomp, tells all about It. AddreM
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
<Ot>p. Palace HoteD SAN FT.ANCI3CO.
Ea«t«rn OfSee— New . Tor* City.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CC©CCO*S-£QCC~CCOGO<K>QC>C>
I TEETH FILLED!
S Absolutely Without Pain. S
q Oar r.flWs Br* ronvpr.irntly and *'.ab- 2
2* r.rh'.r'.y arrar.pM with I'rlvat" Op^rati.-,* ™
W V.r<frn!= for *«oh patient, with all modern G
O BppliucM, and ar<» th*> only dpnta! rar- (%
Ma l'jry in San KraT)cl.«co that have th* pat- X
2 r-rt arpliance and inrredient! 1 to rxtr.irt. 5,
2 f:\\ and 2.w>ly sold and porcelain crowns. 9
9 un'i'-'.rrtubl* from nntura! t*eth. arul 9
9 warrants for ten year*, without the A
a* leaFt pnrtif-1* of pain. GoM crowns and S
2 te^th without rlat^«. gold fil'lnrs and JJ
™ all othfr dental work done palnl^Fsly ©
t> and by p'*»clsi!!Ft*. ©
© TEETH KXTJIACTED and filled ab?o- a
»v lately without r«in l»y our late wientiflc Z.
J Trflhru\. XCo elwp-producinK a«rnts or ™
O In "-r GOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE A
A WORK, of whirh w* are making a SPE- «
ZL CIAJ.TY. th«- most BEAUTIFUL. 2
2 PAINLESS and T>URARLE af all den- ©
O ta.l work known to th» profession, you O
O Win find *n example ..; the HIGHEST ft
JS ARTISTIC ATTAINMENT, the adapta- Jf
J* L'.lity cf which to the HYGIENIC con- 2
9 6\\\(,r\f of the mouth 1* umue«tl^ned. 9
9 Any work that should not prove aatls- 0
m factory will be attended to, without a
Ochar?», at o'jr nearent office. JP
You n-.ay have your -TEETH OUT IN •
© THE MOP.NING and go home with Q
O NEW ONES THE SAME PAY. Q
q NO CHARGE for palnle** extraction X
_ when tw-th are 'ordered. All work done •*
2 b >' Cfrtmtt i>ntl*tf< of 1; to 10 yean.' 9
O experience; a »p*cla!i.»t In each depart- ©
0 ment. U> will t<-ll you in advance ex- a
ft artiy what your york wJII cost by a zT
JJ fre* examination. Give us a call and •
tP you will r.nd we do exactly as we adver- ©
O ito*. o
© Cold Cr:wns. $5; Full Set TeetJ). O
C S5: Bridgev/orK. $5: Cold Filings, a
q SI up: Silver Fillings. 50c. q
ctfO PLATES §|l|g~ S
l.New York Dental Parlors, S
• 723 Market St. Ssn Fr&Ecisco. 5
r» MAIN OFFICE 2
• FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS 5
V IORTLAND, OH •
5Los Angeles, up to date and a little beyond in most
tilings, has a burglar-author. The fact that the freak
has just received a sentence of imprisonment for
twelve years is a safe indication that whatever he may
he as an author he certainly is not a success as a bur"-
Owens the confessed murderer of Suisun. declines
now to talk. It would have been very much less dan
gerous to the integrity of his neck if. he had reached
the same conclusion a few days earlier.
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
Learn to know eolcl and save it. to handl»
amalgamating plates, etc.. Central Park.
GROCERIES 4ND PROVISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard
SCB Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. f!
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPSs
I/DAPU * Drak* Amalgamators. op«rat.
IVItUUn teg dally; 1 SO-Hp. gaaollas -n-
glae cheap. » Stevenson. S. F.
— E_
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. CS Sixth Str««i.
BYRON JACKSON.
DREDGING PL'MPS.
on. Gasoltae. Steam Bolsts. Centrifugal Farap*.
En rin-sA ßoilers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Framoat.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
$opcly fresh or salt water for slole* taxes*
Meh or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st.
GOL*> SEPARATOR.
Cyclon« Gold Separator and Amalgamator t-»
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 113 Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savins Machine. K» Fol-
KD street. Oriental Ga« Engine Company.
CONCENTRATORS.
PATTERSON'S "Acme" Concentrator works
black sand dally. ZZ7 Mission st.
PLATE 3 FOR SAVING GOLD.
Ecnaexleln A Jturrldre. S Hardls cUe*. «a
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. E. W. Biddle of Healdsburg i 3 at the
Lick. 'i; v ¦
N. E. Deyoe, a banker of Modesto, is at
the Lick.
Sheriff J. T. Grace of Santa Rosa la at
the Grand."*
Governor Henry T. Gage Is a guest at
the Palace.
G. C. Freeman, an attorney of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
W. H. Cleary, a mining man of Stock
ton, is at the Lick. ,
Thomas Robinson. Under Sheriff of So
lano County, is in town.
George E, Willhoit, a real estate man of
Stockton, is at the Grand.
J. Finnell, a grain merchant of Napa,
and his wife are at the Lick.
A. W. Maltby, a rancher of .Concord,
Contra Costa County, is at the Grand.
Alden Anderson, an attorney of Suisun
and Speaker of the Assembly, ia at the
Grand.
Dr. Fonda Nadeau of Seattle is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his wife and
daughter.
Rear Admiral Edwin White, accompa
nied by his wife and daughter, is at the
Occidental.
R. B. Marshall of Washington, a mem
ber of the Coast and Geodetic Suivey, is
a guest at the Occidental.
Thomas R. Menton, an extensive land
owner of Stockton and manager of the
Sharon estate Interests there, is at the
Palace.
W. A. Gardner of Chicago, general man
ager of the Chicago and Northwestern
Railroad., is expected to arrive from the
East to-day.
William Sproul and W. F. Herrin of the
Southern Pacific Company returned yes
terday from Denver, where they have
been attending the hearing of the Kendel
cape before the Interstate Commerce Com
mission, v y^
Lee Chamberlain of Los Angeles is at the
Imperial; Eugene Lent of San Francisco
is at the Buckingham: Dr. C. • W..
Weaver of Healdsburg is at the Holland;
T. R. Davis of San Francisco Is at the
Empire.
BRYAN — Dewey's candidacy does not concern me, but I wish heM
? stop rocking the boat.
the child was a most plucky child and
would not take chloroform when they
dressed him. His hand is horribly cut up.
and his rifle in the rack is smashed across
the stock. The nickel nosed bullet has
sunk a, quarter of an Inch into the steel
trigger guard. It would be unfair to steal
that rifle. " i_"'-- '¦-,_
The child Is asleep. He looks about 13.
Now the covers are drawn on the lamps,
the night watches are set and we take
our last turn down the corridor.
A thunder storm chases Number Three
southward, the lightning spills all over
the veldt and the sun-warped roofs leak.
Thirty or forty or fifty thousand men
are lying tentless in this downpour, but it
must be flooding out Cronje in the bed of
the Modder. • ,
Our children are here asleep— deeply and
beautifully asleep— all except one man.
eyes shine like the eyes of a pre
pared moth.
"What 13 the matter?"
"I haven't slept in these"— he picks up
the sheet— "since tho third of November.
It's too comfortable to sleep. Oh. I-orri.
it is comfortable." ife squirms luxuri
ously in his bunk.
Through the long night when we stop
nil voices are lowered. Footsteps nait
before us and voices whisper.
"Have you any New South Wales Lan
cers, sir. please?" _
"No. we have not. Have xre any Ox
fords? Yes, a sergeant, but nobody is
coming to wake up this train. Yes. we
are full; but they are all doing well. No—
for the tenth time— there are no dying.
They are In bed and asleep, and you must
go away." All this in t*»nse whispers.
Doctors and sisters call it an easy night.
They are not actually on their feet or
fanning a pneumonia case from 11 to 6.
Well, they .had their reward in the clean
rain-washed morning, when every runnel
of the Karoo was bankful and the waste
water (some day we shall get big dams
with a system to them) spilled away pro
fligately.
Our children were hungry— mutinously
hungry. Officers fancied this and fancied
that; milkmen wanted to know why they
were not full dieters, and full dieters sent
verbal messages by orderlies asking for
more — much more.
"You won't get any breakfast till
they're all fed." said to me an orderly
with a pyramid of porridge basins.
"You'd better fill up on Osborne biscuits.
You see 'arf of 'em 'aven't the use of
their 'ands."
So they stoked them— "the 'art that
'adn't the use of their "ands"— and they
redressed their bandages, and they
washed their little faces and combed their
little hair, and then the cry went up for
tobacco.
Some of the men had chansred past
recognition during the night. The lines
of pain, the terse, drawn expressions,
were gone. They had rested, their bellies
wre full, they were smoking. •
You must remember that a wounaerl
man is not a sick man. He is generally
in superb physical condition; he has been
off all liquors for some months, and so
responds readily to stimulants; his blood
is clenn and he breathes the best of air.
Give him half a chance and he will
clamber up again hand over fist.
Then, all animal needs satisfied, some
of them wanted to send word home, and
that was a full morning's job.
The usual form ran: "Dear Mother-
Just a. few lines to tell you I was hit at
Paardeberg on February IS, when we
fought Oronje. I was hit in such-and.
such a nlace, but please do not worry
about me. as I am coming on all right.
It was a bit hard in the carts, but I am
lying in bed in the train here and wo
are all going down to the hosDitnl. an>l
I am ouite comfortable, and I shall be
all right in a few weeks, so please do not
worry about me, because I am all right
and doing well."
Their first thoueht in every instance
was that she should not worry. One man
— a Celt, be sure — launched into some de
scription of the fight (I saw him later at
Copyrighted, l? 00, by Rudyard Kipling.
THEORETICALLY, 600 miles of rail
should be bad for wounded men.
Practically it does them all the good
in the world.
In the lfrst place, they are cleanly
and honorably out of it. Not for
weeks the sun and the dust, the foul
water and the weary marching; the boot
ed sleep and the plug-plug of the rifle butt
against their shoulder.
Many of them will be permanently lost.
Thv3 ship will take them to England; they
will find their billets waiting, and they
will return to live before the faces of
their fathers.
Moreover, these are they who have
come out of a winning fight. Cronje's end
Is certain. They left the guns pounding
the soul out of his laager by the Modder.
It is not -as was that terrible Journey
after Magersfontein, when doctors and
sisters had to sit up with weeping men
men who had been killed in heaps of a
sudden ono day and damned in heaps by
their general the next— men who tried to
explain but broke down and turned their
faces to the wall and cried miserably and
hopelessly.
Number Three's staff will remember
that Magersfontein trip as long as they
live.
This Is distinctly a better business.
They are going: off to sleep, like tired chil
dren already— thirty-one officers and
sixty-six men. They will be different
people to-morrow. •
The doctors look at tho sisters and
nod joyously.
A good train load; no one will be lost,
and that little end car for once need not
do duty as a mortuary.
Number twenty-seven wants something
solid to oat. Number twenty-seven won't
get it. He is shot through his stomach,
and it is a miracle that he is not under
the Moddcr dirt. lie can have some more
milk and brandy.
"Please, sister, there's a colonel hoppin"
about the alleyway.
A sister advances to cut him off.
Mere doctors are helpless here. They dare
not herd colonels like ostriches. Besides,
he has one sound leg. He says so
"But you are to get on your back and
lie down, is the order.
"But, j)lease, sister, I feel quite fit."
But I say so."
A wave of the hand eliminates the col
onel. He will hop no more to-night.
A fractured Victorian (shoulder and col
larbone by tho look of it) and a child
with a slung arm have dodged the eye of
authority for a few minutes, and, sua
dente diabolo (but I Knew Australians
liked tea), are drinking tea in the staff
carriage.
The child is 19. ll e has one month's
service. He does not appreciate a sister's
drawing comparisons between him and a
17-year-old middy, carted off the field at
Graspan. It was his first engagement; he
was scooping potted meat out of a can
wht'Q the advance began. Then he was
tiring; A bullet hit his rifle on the trigger
guard, broke up and continued through
his hand, which is now extensively band
aged. It hurts a little.
"Of course it docs If you let it hang
down like that," says the sister, and she
deftly loons up the sling, while the child
blushes adorably.
He arpues impersonally on the advan
tages of retaining the foretinger of th 3
right hand. Not his forefinger by name,
but abstract forefinger. One wants it for
shooting and. writing, don't you know. Oh,
there are a heap of things one can do
with it.
Then the color goes out of his face and
the sister whirls him into bed.
The Victorian turns pale dun and thinks
he will lie down.
One finds out later from other men that
me -sSifec- • gall*
TUESDAY APRIL 24, *9<w
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Ccrr.munications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PtBLICATION OFFICE.. SInrket nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Vnln ISOS.
EDITORIAL ItOOMS.. . .717 lo 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Slain 1574.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. 15 Cen<« Per Weelc
Slnsrle Copleo. 5 Centn.
Terms by Mall. Including? romtnget
DAILY CALL (includlns >'ur.<3ay>. one year fft.OH
r>AILY CALL <lr.cludlr.E Sunday). 6 months 800
PAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
J>AILY CALL — liy Single Month <&C
6CNDAY CALL One Year 1-50
WKICKLY CALL One Year 1-00
All poitmulera are authorized to receive
¦ abserlptlona.
Eiinple copies will be forwarded when reouested.
OAKLAMJ OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
!/ar.a£«r Foreign Advertising;, Marquette Building;, Chicago.
(.Look Dlet*nce Tel*r>hone "Central 2619.")
ICETSV TORK COURESPOJCDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW TORK KEI'KESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH „ 20 Tribune Building!
CHICAGO NEWS STAXDS:
fherrr.an House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
yreiuont Houce; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -ABtorla Hotel; A- Brentano. SI Union Square:
lltirrar Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFiCE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
CItAKCn OFFICES — IT! Mont«-omerjr, corner of Clay, open
cntu »:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:SO o'clock. 638
McAllirter, open until 8:30 o'clock. Cl 3 Larkln, open until
t>:SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, comer Sixteenth, cpen until 8 o'clock. 1096 j
Valencia, cpen until S o'clock. ICB Eleventh, open until
It o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-eecocd and Kentucky,
cpen until 9 o'clock.
a plan for reorganizing' the Guard will be undertaken
it is not likely to be adopted as a whole. Another
bill provides for the appointment of a commission
consisting of one member of the Senate, one of the
House, two officers "of the United States army and
five officers of the National Guard to gather and com
pile information relating to the militia of the coun
try and report at -the next session of Congress a bill
for its reorganization and government. It is this
commission bill which will probably be adopted, for
there is a general desire that the whole question of
the relation of the Guard to the army shall be dealt
with in one comprehensive measure of reorganization
and reform, and the bill of Representative Hay docs
not fill all the requirements.
In every war in which the United States have been
engaged it has been demonstrated that the Govern
ment can depend upon a volunteer army to meet each
emergency as it arises. That fact, however, does not
weaken the importance of preparing plans by which
the volunteer force can be ' brought into action
promptly and with efficiency. The experience during
the war with Spain proved that the National Guard
of every State in the "Union is ready to fight as soon
as called upon, but it also proved that the existing or
ganization is defective in many respects. To remedy
those defects is a duty. which should be undertaken at
once.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 23.— J. Wlllard of
San Francisco is at the Netherlands; J.
A., Holmes '"ot Fresno is at the Holland;
General Roberts is evidently convinced that if pub
lic attention is fixed on the failures of other British
generals those three interesting defeats which he suf
fered in one week will be forgotten.
Tod Sloan has at last reached the pinnacle of
earthly fame. He has lent his distinguished name to
praise and advertise a patent medicine.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 23.—Ex-Congress
man Caminettl of California arrived here
to-day. Edward Hughes. Miss Hughes.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Brooke, Mr. and
Mrs. C. R. Null and two daughters of
San Francisco are at the Shoreham.
? KHISKY.
HUNTER RYE- ™Z™?gJ£ KSn^
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURMIAM-STAXDEFORD CO. Wuhlifni
«n4 Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builder* £?. sTf?
' GASOLINE EINGINE*?
HERCTLKS GAS ENGINE; WORKS Is ¦Cllln*
many orders fcr Nome. 141-143 First st.. 3. F.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. KiyrlnM and Roller*'
icwut price, on ta« coast. Pla. & Da*, iii.'
FU3S.
TENTS AND COVERS
N s^*\^sSi£S»E* *"* •"*
• LTQUORS-
WHIWFY BT ' AT7 - BEER, FMhesda Water
WIH3&CI CAHEX&SOX. <H Sacramento st.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HEAL.ER TRUTH-F.. Auburn. Cal
The record of Francis Truth, "the divine
healer, has been pretty well ventilated in
the -columns of The Call recently.
BUGLE CALLsIg. W.~M.. Sacramento.
Cal. For information about books on mili
tary rules,, bugle calls." etc., address a
communication to the army, headquarters,
Phelan building. San Francisco. Cal.
THE MAJORITY AND PLURALITY- |
5... Lompoe, Santa Barbara County. Cal. |
At the last held State election the. Gover
nor received a plurality of 9613. Lieutenant
Governor a plurality of 12,311, Secretary of
State a majority of 1937: Controller plu
rality of 23,627; Treasurer, plurality or
66C1; Surveyor General, plurality of KW:
Clerk of Supreme Court, 10,5b7 plurality 1
Superintendent of Schools. 20.57S plurality'
and State Printer. 12.100 majority iaill>l
A GUARDSMAN'S RIGHTS-Subsert
ber. City. Section 1906 of the Political
Code in relation to the National Guard has
not been repealed, but has been amended
so as to conform with the constitution of
the State, which declares that all male
inhabitants between the ages of 21 and
60 must pay poll tax^wexcept paupers
idiots, insane men and Indians not taxed
Under the old constitution National
Guardsmen were exempt from the pay-
SILVER-PLATED MINING PLATES.
GET them at Penniston's Saa Francisco Plat-
Injr Works. «52 Mission st.
F. W. BELL, Central Plating: Worlcx »S3 llu-
elon St.. S. F. Phcna Jessie 801.
THE ARMY AND THE NATIONAL
GUARD.
WHEN at the outbreak of the war with Spain
the Government undertook to provide
promptly a volunteer army to carry on the.
campaign the National Guard was naturally relied
upon tb furnish the force, and. as is well known, the
members of the Guard responded readily as soon as
called upon. In transferring the troops from the
State governments to that of the Union, however,
several difficulties were experienced, and as a result
there has been going on ever since an earnest agita
tion in favor of so reorganizing the Guard as to make
it a more effective reserve for the regular army than
it is at present.
Several schemes of : reorganization have been ad
vanced, but the one which has received most ap
proval is that of Representative I lay of Virginia, a
member of the Military Committee of the House.
His bill is not designed in any way to antagonize
I'.casurcs for an increase" of the regular army, but
solely to form a strong reserve force behind it upon
which it can draw readily in time of need not only
for men but for trained officers. For the purpose. of
effecting that object Mr. Hay proposes that appoint
ments as second lieutenant in the National Guard
shall be made after rigid examinations by army
boards and that all promotions shall be by merit.
Thus the Guard will" be made a training school for
officers and will be commanded by men well fitted to
continue in command when the reserve is called upon
for active service.
For the purpose of rendering the Guard fitted in
J other ways for the duties of a national reserve the
! bill provides for its equipment with the same arms ns
j regulars, the deposit of ample ordnance supplies in
the States by the General Government, a system of
mobilization by military divisions and the appropria
tion of $4,000,000 annually instead of the present
$400,000 for maintenance and equipment of the Guard
in the several States. . , /
While the Hay bill may serve as a basis upon which
Hold Primaries.
Guroy Gazette.
The professed determination of Burns'
clique of politicians, who constitute the
Republican Congressional Committee of
the Fifth District, to appoint delegates to
the national convention, deserves the
severest censure. There is certainly no
reputable Republican who favors any pri
mary except one conducted pubstaritiallv
in compliance with the election laws of
the State. -This is a matter as important
to Democrats as to Republicans, for the
people and not the politicians are entitled
to choose the men who shall formulate for
each party the issues on which the. cam
paign shall be iought out.
Reputable citizens want no "appointed"
delegates; they want no "wide-open" pri
maries, but orderly primaries in accord
ance with the forms of law. If the po
litical triumvirate at San Jose that is rep
resented in the Congressional committee
from this district has any genuine regard
for the welfare of the party in this coun
ty, they will unite in demanding of the
San Irancisco members of the committee
that primaries be held. Otherwise there
is likely to be a visitation of wrath from
the voters in n*xt November that will
prove a severe lesson. .;
A Mexican newspaper, in a very subtle discussion,
has reached the conclusion that there is much to com
pare and much in common between Napoleon and
Rockefeller. v To the ordinary mind the only associa
tion that would suggest a comparison between the
two men is' that one is dead and the other isn't.
OUR TRADE WITH THE ORIENT.
WHILE the enactment of the bill authorizing
the President to appoint five commissioners
' to visit the Orient for the purpose of studying
the best methods of promoting trade with the coun
tries of that part of the world is commendable, it is
to be noted that our Oriental trade has been expand
ing veiy rapidly without the aid of a commission. In
fact; our merchants, in their efforts to find a market
in China and Japan, appear to be doing about all
they can do so long as they are hampered by the lack
of a merchant marine sufficient to compete with the
heavily subsidized lines of European countries.
According to statistics just issued from the Treas
ury Department our exports to Japan in the fiscal
year 1893 were but $3,195494 and in 1899 they were
$17,264,688 and seem likely to be $26,000,000 in the
fiscal year 1900. To China our exports in 1893 were
$3,900,457 and in the present fiscal year will be in
round terms $15,000,000. To Hongkong our exports
during this period have, been doubled, being $4,216,
602 in 1893. and promise to be over $8,000,000 for the
present fiscal year. ¦
While that showing of the rapidity with [which our
trade with the Orient is increasing is gratifying, it h
to be borne in mind there is a menace in it. for it is
quite possible that in the East, where the danger of
Chinese immigration is not fully understood, there
may grow up a desire to promote trade with China
and Japan by granting concessions in 'the way of
freer admission to the United States. The inrush of
Japanese has already become a serious evil, and the
records of this port show that the exclusion act is
evaded by Chinese. . "
Two points in our relations with the Orient arc
therefore to be borne in mind. First, we should carry
our trade in our own ships, and second, we should
carefully avoid trying to promote commerce at the ex
pense of the welfare of American labor. There is
ample opportunity for an immense market for our
products in China and Japan, and to profit by it there
is no need for any relaxation of the policy of the
country to prevent the importation of coolies.
By adding 20 drops of Dr. Slegert's Angostura
Bitters to every glass, diseases from drinklne
polluted water are avoided.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A Tegetable cur« for
liver ills, biliousness, indigestion, constipation.*
Robbed a Restaurant.
J. H. Green was arrested early yester-
day morning by Detectives "Wren and Di-
nan and charged with petty larceny. Ha
Is accused of stealing $17 from the till In
P. Cnduse's restaurant. 113 Third street.
He pleaaed guilty In Judge Fritz"* court
yesterday and -will be sentenced this
morning. He .acknowledged in court that
he had been arrested for counterfeiting.
Special information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by th 3
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Last
•week of Spring 1 Exhibition. Last concert
Thursday evening- •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> atTownsend's.*
ment of poll tax. which with other exr
emptlons were inducements for men tit
join the guard. Whether these were in
the nature of a contract and whether tho
State could by the adoption of a new con
stitution break its part of the contract la
a matter that would have to be judiciall>
determined.
THE TURKISH TROUBLE.
1 is evident that the Sultan will avoid any trouble
with this country over the adjustment of damages
for the destruction of missionary property.
Turkey is the only non-Christian power in a nomi
nally Christian Europe. In area governed, in pop
ulation, power and influence, Turkey is a hopeless
minor. This condition of minontv is emphasized by
the fact that many high oiticers ot the Sultan are, at
least nominally, Christians. Many Turkish diplo
mats in important posts have for years been Chris
tians. This means that Turkey is influenced by its
nommally Christian environment, and that environ
ment does not feel the non-Christian influence of Tur
key.
Since the days of John Sobieski there has been no
prospect of Turkey in any way dominating European
affairs, cither by conquest or diplomacy. No nation
in Europe is afraid of Turkey. Any one of the sec
ond-class powers could wipe out that empire. Its
safety rests upon the inability of the first-class powers
to agree upon a division of the Ottoman estate, and
upon the danger of rousing the Sheik ul Islam, the
spiritual head of Mahometanism. to declare a holy
war against the Giaour, which would affect the Chris
tian nations of Europe that have millions of Mahom
etan subjects.
It is true that the United States, by a powerful at
tack upon Turkey, independently made, could prob
ably destroy the empire of the Sultan, but what then?
We could not administer upon the estate. We could
not occupy it. We could not appropriate our con
quest and appear as a European power, with jurisdic
tion extending from the Balkans to the Bosphorus.
Nor could we well hand over our conquest to' one
European power or distribute it amongst the several
powers which might take it off our hands. We are
demanding $100,000 indemnity from Turkey for the
destruction of missionary compounds. It will cost
that to send one warship through the Dardanelles,
and to bombard and whip Turkey into submission
would run the cost far into the millions. The sum
total could be assessed to Turkey as the price of
peace. But the world is aware that payment of a war
indemnity of many millions is not ;\ ithin the power of
that empire, whose people are now overtaxed and
proper objects of pity and commiseration. A war,
therefore, would leave Turkey more heavily in our
debt than now, with a poorer prospect of payment,
since war would decrease her ability to pay us the
It is not likely, therefore, that our guns will wake
the echoes of old Stamboul. Diplomacy will settle
the issue, and the missionaries will get their money.
It is worthy of note that all of our recent Ministers
to Turkey, from S. S. Cox to the present one, Mr.
Straus, have willingly borne testimony to the integ
rity and high intelligence of the Sultan. Abdul Ha
mid.
To maintain his empire in Europe he must have r.
kren knowledge of European diplomacy and of the
dynastic and territorial ambitions of its rulers. That
he possesses this is evident from the address with
winch he balances one nation against another. This
knowledge made him perfectly safe in accepting the
Grecian challenge to war and in chastising that trucu
lent kingdom.
He uill not provoke war with us, nor will he make
a settlement of our clsim a precedent which his
Christian neighbors may use to force him to make
concessions to them President McKinley may be
safely trusted to protect all American interests, and
tn issue from present complications without creating
tho«e which are worse.
AUSTRALIA AND THE BRITISH CROWN
AFTER all their years of effort to devise a sys
tem of federal union it appears the Australian
people have adopted a constitution, or, as they
call it, "a commonwealth bill," which is not satisfac
tory to the British Government. The measure has
been under consideration by Parliament for some
time and eminent Australians have been summoned
to London to confer upon it, but as yet no satisfac
tory solution of the difficulty has been devised.
The London Chronicle in a recent issue says the
law officers of the Crown object to clause 74 of the
bill, and adds:
"The clause in question confers on Australia the
sole right of interpreting the constitution unless the
point happens to affect some portion of the empire
outside Australia. Taking exception to this, the legal
advisers of the imperial government have proposed
that there should be added to the Privy Council, sit
ting as a court of appeal, a department in which Brit
ish and Australian Judges should alike have places.
A measure bringing this about would be introduced
into Parliament by the Government, and no doubt it
would be passed. Under such a system, it is argued,
appeals from Australia would come before a tribunal
adequately representative of that country, while at
the same time the imperial link implied in the Privy
Council would remain unimpaired. That, stated
briefly, is the proposal which is being submitted to
the Premiers of Australia."
While the plan .proposed by the imperial govern
ment may appear fair upon its face, there remains the
difficulty that the Australian Premiers have- no
authority to amend the commonwealth bill. The
measure was adopted by a vote of the people of the
several colonies, and many efforts had to be made be
fore a favorable vote was given. If now the British
Government insists upon amending the measure an
other vote will have to be taken by the electors and
that would mean the possibility of the defeat of the
whole federation scheme. Naturally the Australian
statesmen hesitate to take such risksi and so the issue
stands.
It has been suggested that under, any circumstances
it would be desirable to give the colonies represen
tation in the Privy Council, since that would tend to
make the Council the "germ of an imperial federal
senate," and thus be a long stride in the direction of
the much talked of federation of the mother country
and the colonies. The Australians, however, appear
to be in nowise pleased with the offer. One of them.
Walter Griffiths, Mi P., of South Australia is quoted
as having said when questioned on the subject:
'"We are loyal to the mother country, but our loy
alty must be purely voluntary; the slightest sugges
tion of compulsion will estrange our people beyond
recall, with the result that a United States of Aus
tralia, a republic modeled on American lines, will be
added to the independent powers of the earth."
The conditions of the empire are such that the Aus
tralians have, only to stand firm to compel the im
perial government to ratify their constitution without
change. They are certainly justified in claiming for
themselves the sole right of interpreting their consti
tution, and this is as good a time to bring that ques
tion to an issue and settlement as any that is ever
likely to arise.
RUDYARD KIPLING
! Wvnbersr covering sheets, and sheet?)*
anil a fejv others had business matters
to adjust; but for the bulk, the word, the
assurance and the message of love
sufficed. ..
Remember, it was not the army that
you and I know, but the Army of tho
People, heavily laced ¦ with Reservists,
family folk who have kiddies and busi-
I nesses over the sea. Blacksmiths, garden
ers club porters and small shopkeepers
were among those represented, and their
i physique wa.s almost as admirable as
their spirit. ¦?•'¦.' - _
' One man only of all that train broke
down— and small blame to him. He was a
badly shotten "lunger." and there seemed
no way to make him easy, sitting or
I lying. Tie got out his home photo?— the*
little tintype nn* 1 carries in the lnsld*
pocket— and the cruel home sickness atop
of the p;nn took him and broke him for
a minute or two. I think he had come
otit of some well ordered country house,
for he returned to the manner of lodge
porter in his talk.
There were riuiet men. deeply concerned
for the probable 10.-^ of a working arm:
there were mildly— oh. so mildly! — riotous
men. who stasrgered about visiting from
bunk to bunk: there were funny men,
worth their wefcht in silver to the ward:
there were anerry men brooding over that
last shot which "stretched them and medi
tating revenge; there were just men. ad
mitting that their enemy up in a tree had
sighted more quickly than they, Vtmt my
section got him with four bullets, and he
came down like a pheasant, sir"; there
were silent men, breathing quickly, count
insr each turn of the wheels, and then**
were doubtinsr Thomases who needed
particular information about Wynberg
Hospital.
I heard a good deal of all sorts, but X
did not hear one word "of complaint.
So it is in the base hospital. From at
least a thousand -wounded men at Ronde
bosch and Wynberg under fairly Intimate
circumstances, orderlies out of earshot
and the talk running free, I did not gather
one whimper. ',:¦;-.¦¦:
A badly hit man— fracture or stomach
is, of course, glad he is going home— till
fhe steamer comes around. Then he is
not so pleased.
A Flfehtly wounded man takes all the
•ward to witness that so soon as he is
mended wild horses won't keep him away
from his family. Ten days later he la ly
ing—lying like a skirmish line under pom
pom fire — to his doctor with intent to re
join. The hospitals have thVir own esprit
de corps, and tents are proud to bo able
to say they are all going back.
But our boys wanted rest befor« all
things: and Number Three hurried them
to it. Our little world on wheels had hard
ly come to know itself when we were half
way home.
A little letter -writing: a small "smoker"
between two cool window 3 where wound
ed colonels and subalterns met in paja
mas and talked over good men killed,
while the idle rifles clicked in the rack
behind: another ravenous meal or two
("Which will you 'aye. sir? Steak or ris
sole?" "Oh, both. I've been dreaming of
steaks since JacobsdaU"): another and
an easier night, and then the thrice
blessed tirs of "Wynberg. the waiting
hooded ambulances, a good road and
Number One and Two Hospitals jU3t
around the corner.
One* more the business of the stretch
ers, thf tally of fractures and perfora
tions, the whispered cautions and the
louder words of good cheer.
It is not in the official bond, but Num
ber Three's staff, a little worn with night
¦watching, dusty and heavy eyed, will see
the boys up to heir beds. They know
every one of the cases now, and a word
or two in season will b«» profitable.
In an hour Number Three stands empty
and stripped. Blankets, sheets and bed
ding must be renewed: a hundred thinps
go to the wash, and they swish and swill
the floors.
To-morrow night its work begins again.
THE OLD ISSUE AGAIN.
ALTGELD evidently understands his party. In
declaring that there will be no modification of
the Chicago platform he has uttered the pur
pose of the Bryan hosts. The most prominent
spokesman of that party in the House is Champ Clark
of Missouri. Recently, in an issue-making speech in
that body, he said: "The free and unlimited coinage
of gold and silver at the historical ratio of 16 to I.
without waiting for the consent of any other nation
on earth, will be the supreme issue in 1900, as it was
in 1896. Upon that platform we will place Bryan and
elect him. Self-seeking politicians, timorous soul?,
may fall away from us, but the paramount issue and
the peerless candidate will remain. Politicians do
not make issues, the people make them. And they
make something else. They make politicians and
when politicians do not suit them they unmake poli
ticians and make a new set who do suit them. They
want Bryan and the fref and unlimited coinage of
gold and silver at 16 to i, and these they intend to
have."
Nearly every Bryan man in Congress uttered the
same determination and emphasized it by hissing Mr.
Cleveland's name every time it was mentioned. It
is amongst the things certain now, in advance of the
conventions, that the Democratic purpose is to usj
any and every public question as a means of getting
votes, in order to secure power to wreck the exist
ing financial system of the country. About half of
Bryan's party arc expansionists. This is especially
true of the South, where the percentage may be put
higher than half and be within the fact. -But they
hold their views subordinate to their set determina
tion to put the county upon an actual silver basis by
free coinage at what Colonel Bryan has called "the
divinely appointed ratio." The sound money men of
the country should not sleep on their arms nor for a
moment underestimate the power and purpose of
their opponents.
In the beginning of their movement these fanatics
described gold as the money of the rich and silver as
the money of the poor and declared themselves for
the poor man's money. The recent law establishing
the gold standard and making every dollar of silver
and currency equal to a dollar in gold has put on a
firm and equal basis every dollar of every kind in cir
culation amongst us. Every wage earner's dollar is
a gold dollar with the stability in purchasing power
of that metal. Not even a demagogue can any more
talk of a poor man's money and a rich man's money.
If there ever existed any such kinds of money, if the
description were true when it was invented, then the
Republican party must have the credit of raising the
money of the poor to a perfect par and equality with
the money of the rich. Colonel Bryan desires free
coinage of silver: the effect of that will be to estab
lish silver as the actual standard and to drag the poor
man's money down from a par and equality with gold
to about 50 cents on the dollar.
We appeal to the millions of wage earners to decide
whether they wish Chis to happen. With a constantly
rising wage the money in which it is paid is gold.
Every laborer with a time check can cash it in gold
on demand: or he can exchange any form of currency
in which it is cashed for gold at par and without los;.
When he goes into the market to- buy the necessaries
of life for his family his dollar is as good as the mil
lionaire's, buys as much and goes as far.
It is the first time in the history of this country
that such a condition has been embedded in the. law
of ihe land, entrenched, secured and defended by an
act oi Congress. It is the first time that in respect
to finance the wage worker and the millionaire have
been upon terms of exact equality. And let it be re
membered that this has been done, not by dragging
the millionaire down, but by raising the wage worker
up. Can any supporter of Colonel Bryan point to
an act of any other party in all our history that has
accomplished such a majestic equalizing of financial
conditions by such a process?
In all of his perpetual, peripatetic campaign of
hatred an I complaint Colonel Bryan has maintained
but one idea, advocated one theory, threatened one
thing, r.nd that has been punishment of the rich «jy
dragging them back to the level of the poor in re
spect to the intrinsic value of money. This threat
has been seen and answered by the Republican party
giving the poor the best money in the world, and
thereby, if inequality in that condition existed at all,
abolishing it by elevating the poor to equality with
the rich.
To reverse this is the avowed policy of Colon?l
Bryan in the campaign of this year. He will have
millions of wage earners to reckon with. They re
member the years of famine and will not vote to have
less food on their tables, less clothes on their back 3
and less fire on their hearths in order to gratify Colo
nel Bryan's ambition.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1900. -
"WITH NUMBER THREE"
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "CaiMaln L^ttarblair."
Alcazar— "Quo Vadie."
Columbia— "Trie Floorwalkers."
Tlvoli— "The Wizard of the Nile."
Grand Opera -house— "An Arabian Girl."
< >rj'b<?um— Vaudeville.
Fischer'* Concert Housp— "La Traviata."
Olympia, oornor SI a* on and ESAdy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Tiieater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
even inc.
Central Park— Gfntry'r Trained Animal Show.
El Oampo — Dancinp. bowUsg; fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
Ockland Racetrack — K*ccr to-day.
AUCTION sat.fr
By Ohaß^ &• M^ndenhall— Thursday, April IS, at 11 a. m.. at
jTS2 Market street. Horses.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
6AND I WHAT
THIS IS I THEY SAYi
ExarrJcer— "Aa artlstir, fcaxscaious perform-
Er.ee."
Call— "A cJ»an, bright ar.d fceaJtfcy s'.ay.
Chrcsl;'.*— " A most graceful performance."
MR. JAMES NEILL
KStO HIS ARTI?TTO COiIPANT
In Marparet Merir.gton'e Charming Comedy,
"CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR' 1
FatunJay Maitr.ee Or.ly.
HEMEHBER" THE SPECIAL MATINEE ON
THURSDAY AFTERNOON AT 2:15 P. M.
"CAPTAIN S>\A/II="r\"
Next S-r.day Night "A GILDED FOOL."
Seats Now on Sale.
FRIDAT AFTEHNOON. APRIL 17. AT 3:15
p. ra.. Farewell Concert by
FETSCHNIKOFF — H AMBOURG — LACHAUME.
Seats Now en Sale.
"YOU HEARD WHAT A HIT?
WE SAID." ** 111 1 i
EVERT NIGHT TKI? WEEK. INCLUDING
BUNDAT.
WARD FUN
TT /AtlL> PRICES
- «>»>« 25c
YOKES 6 ,:60.
40 People. m & r .
Ir. Their So Fusny
THE FLOOR WALKERS.
FINAL 'WEEK.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY
In CcrijuncUcn v.-.:h ORPHEUM ETAP.S.
DXGBY BELL; RAE & BROPCHE; MLLE.
PROTO: MILDKED f-TOLLER; MARZEL-
LA; GrjTANOS; FALK; SEMON; BELL-
MAN; MOOR.E; DUNCAN.
Reserved *eat. fcalcocy, lCc; opera chair*
and box peate. l(«-..
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday sr.d Sunday.
4^V H EAT R £>A ?
FO "BTH AND LAST WE*L
"QUO VADIS!"
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
NEXT WEEK— "SUE."
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
j:2-124 OT.'.RRELL STREET.
r. A. FISCHER, Prop. ! OEO. M<X«ER. M*r
TEE HASCSOaEST KCBIC HALL IS AKEBICAI
...HEEK OF APRIL 23...
Entire Change of Programme!
LA TRAVfATA
(CAMILLE)
GREAT LOMBARDI OPERA QUARTETTE.
BIGSOa BA2AEACCO SXOSORA BAHDOCCI
6IBN0&I5A POLLETriSI BIOSOBISA PUEREEI
EESOB VARGAS EIGUORIKA 6ALVIWI
AND
MISS ULLIAN SHERWOOD.
A.UGCST HI.VRICHS- SUPERB ORCHESTRA,
ADMISSION. ;o CENTS.
RACING! TrACTngITrACINU!
1900-CALIFORMA JOCKE7 CLUB- 1900
APKIL a TO MAY 5. INCLUSIVE
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Uc!r.j Mor,i,;-. Tuei^ay. tv«-dne*day. Tburs-
«»j. triday ut-.g Saturday. Ita} 3 or shine.
Five cr t:.'tr* r«r*e eai-h <Jty
Races etsrt ai •:« p. m . fharp.
¦./JfT^r ! ,**\%P an "T^actoS at 12 m, and
track. La« two ', nrs' on traVn^ejw'U-ed for
Sadie* and Oifir .-»<v,xis; no .moking. Buy your
rerr> ticket* to Shell Mound. A!l trmlr/vU
«*ki*nl mole connect with t--«n J'ablo avenu.
eW-trie rare at Bcveatfc anl liroadw.y. Oak-
land. A!»o all train* via Alam«Ja mole con-
nect wi'-h Fan Pablo avenue r«rs at Fourteenth
and Eruadway. Oakland. These electric car»
go direct to the trark-in flfieen minute*
Ucturnirwr -Train* le*v« the track at 4:"lS and
«:4«j>. m. and !rame<lla:e:y after the last rar«.
H^T^LRO^^lge^^-^^;
CENTRALJ^RK £l's& a .%
LAST WEEK
GENTRY'S WORLD'S GREATEST
r TRAINED ANIMAL SHOW!
' r-fnnr -fnn — ivondkrfi;lly trained — onn
"W-ANP EDUCATED ANIMALS —wU
A Most Interesting and Refined Entertainment.
FcrTcrmaiicef, 3 o'clock afternoon, fc:3o at ntrht.
ADMJESION-CfcMiJrta 10c. Adulu lit
ihlliilm ¦ ¦¦! iii^—iiniHiiiHisDPiiw MiiwitiiiiwuiiiihiiiiiiiiiiflMi'fci^ni mM i ff a fllmi
Divorce Suits Filed.
'Suit* for divorce have been filed by
Amanda MilHgan against Robert 11. Mil
ligan for desertion, Dora E. Hope against
AMXTSEMEHTS.
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION
Copyright, 1900, by
Seymour Eaton
Note — These lesson* have been prepared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Benno Kirschbaum of Philadelphia. They are
Intended primarily for Americans who purpose
attending the Paris Exposition. The lessons
will include (1) common French words and
phrases, (2) easy conversation and (3) simple
reading lessons. _.
LESSON NO. 10— DIXIEME LECON.
AJew Idiomatic Expressions.
1. What do you want?
Qu'est-ce que vous voulez?
2. What are you doing there?
Qu'est-ce que vous faites la?
Note— The word que; what; "(kuh) is u««ed
when asking a question; gui (kee) is trans
lated by who or which. After a preposition
qul Is translated by whom.
3. What is your trouble?
Qu'est-ce gui voiiSwatlllge?
4. What have you lost?
Qu'est-ce que vous^-avez perdu?
5. What have you found?
Qu'est-ce que vous-avez trouve?
Memory Exercises.
1. Give me some water.
Donnez-mol de Teau.
2. Give me some meat.
Donnez-mol de la viande.
3. Give me some bread.
Donnez-moi dv pain.
4. Give me some apples.
Donnez-moi dcs pommes.
Th*» student will notice here that soms Is
<ranslated In four different ways: de I', d« la,
dv and des. To see plainly, it will be found
very useful to zemember that the article, when
e.xpresslns the Idea of an" Indefinite part of
anything, such as some bread, some apples,
etc.. is rendered as follows and Is called the
partitive article:
(a) de 1' is placed before any noun In the
singular commencing with a vowel or "h"
mute.
(bj de la is used before any feminine
noun in the singular commencing with a
consonant.
(c) dv is used before any masculine
noun in the singular commencing with a
consonant.
(d> dcs is used before any noun In the
plural.
6. They have enough water.
Ils~ont~as>ez d'eau.
7. A pound of chocolate.
Un livre de chocolat.
S. Two yards of silk.
Deux metres de soie.
9. A dozen roses.
I'ne douzaine de roses; — doo-zehn —
10. Some pretty feathers; dejolies plume*.
11. Some (or any) excellent wine.
D'excellent vin.
Note— Exceptions to the above rules, how
ever, occur, as will be noticed In the last
few sentences, by wWch de or d' takes the
place of de I"; de la; dv; dcs; when used as
follows:
(a) after a negation.
(b) after adverbs expressing quantity.
(cj after nouns expressing weight, meas
ure, quantity, etc.
(b) in a sentence in which the noun Is
preceded by an adjective.
12. The drinks; les boissons; lay bwa
. song.
13. The wine list; la llste dcs vms; lah
leest da vang.
14. Table claret; vin-ordinalre; — — or
dee-nair.
15. Claret: le bordeaux; bor-doh.
18. Port wine: yin d'Oporto; — do-port-o.
17. Sherry; Xeres; zair-ess.
18. Champagne; le champagne; sham
pan ye.
19. Lemonade: la limonade; lee-mo-nahd.
20. Whiskey; whiskey; wees-kee.
21. Beer; de la biere; bee-air.
22. A bottle; vine bouteille.
23. A glass of beer; un bock; bock.
24. The spoon; la culller: kuh-ee-yair.
25. The tablespoon; la grand culller.
2<5. The teaspoon; la cuiller a. the.
27. A teaspoonful of; une cuilleree de;
kuh-ee-ya-ra duh.
2S. The glasses; les verres.
20. To drink out of a glass.
Bolre dans-un verre.
Xote— Th« French say "We drink la a glasa."
30. The knife: le couteau: coo-toh.
31. The knives; les couteaux; coo-toh.
32. The knife and fork;'le couteau et la
fourchette four-shet.
S3. Give me a clean knife.
Donnez-mol un couteau propre; — — •
propr.
34. The table-cloth: la nappe.
25. The cover; le couvert.
36. Bring us three plates.
Apportez-nous trois-asslette*.
37. The dishes; les plats; (vaisselle) ; pian;
vay-sell. \
Xote— The word "vaisselle" for dish expresses
a dish in seneral; table service.
3S A glass of ice water.-
Un verre d'eau glacee (or frappS).
39. A glass of fresh water.
l*n verre d'eau fraiche.
40. Cold water: de l'eau froide; loh
frwad.
41. Warm water; da l'eau chaude;
showed.
42. Boiling water: de I'eau boulllante;
boo-yant.
43. Mineral water: de l'eau minerale; — •
mee-neh-raht. -
44. To pour out: verser.
45. Pour in; verser tfans.
46. Pour me out a glass cf water.
Ver.*ez-moi un verre d'eau, s'll vous
plait.
47. The express train; le train-express.
The lightning express : le rapide.
The special express; le direct.
The special; le train special; spa
see-al.
The accommodation train; le train
omnibus: booce.
4S. The conductor: le conducteur.
43. The compartment: le compartiment;
kon-par-tee-monff.
50. The railway carriage; le vagon.
51. The seat, tho seats; la place, les
places.
52. To start: partir.
">3. To arrive; arri%er. ' *
hi. The traveler: le voyageur.
oT>. 'All aboard; en voitur*\
X. When does tho train leave?
Quand part le train?
57. What train do you wish to- take, sir?
Qufl train monsieur x-«?tit-11-preudre?
SS. Your train leaves at 2:10. **^
Votre truln. monsieur, part-i
deux-heures dix.
59. We have plenty of time.
Nous-avons hien le temps.
60. Show us the baggage-room.
Indiquez-nous la salle drs bagaees.
61. Has our baggaga come from the ho
tel?
No* bagages sont-lls- arrives da
l'hfltel?
62. I do not know, miss.
Je ne sais pas. mademoiselle.
63. How many pieces have you?
fombien de colis~-avez-vous?
64. We have five; noua-en-avons ricq.
Note.— Literally it means. "We of these hay»
five."
63. Check this baggage, please.
Entregistrez lea bagages,' s'il voi»
platt.
66. Show your tickets.
Montrez vos billets.
67. Itere are your checks.
VoilA votrc bulletin de bagages. ,
65. This Is our train; voiia notre train.
63. Have you a dining car?
V a-t-ii-un-vagon-rrstaurant?
vah-gt:n
70. I wish to take a sleener.
Je prendra! Un vigon-lit: vah-gurj-l!t.
71. A smokrr: compartinu-nt pour les
fumeurs; lay fuu-muuhr.
Beading Lesson.
The following Is the proper translation
of the last Frr-nch exercise:
<1) The French drink more wine than
the Americans. (2) Do you travel much?
(3> He has ch<-3f>n this picture: it is tha
finest of all. «4i With the blind the sense
of touch is very acme. (5> This young 1
American girl has beautiful hair and blu^
eyes. («> Waiter, what are you doing? Not
so much noi.«p! (7» "What are those ladies
over there doing? <*> Ek> you r.ot soe?
They are reading that sign. i9i My stsr a r
has broken her leg climbing: shp \s not
strong. (10) How many French verbs do
you know? (11> How long is it necessary
to Iparn French? (12) The finest modern
pictures are exhibited at the Salon. (15)
Our trunks ha.ye been* much damaged,
during the voyage; it is a pity. (1»> I know
more French than you.
Vocabulary— Dor. gold. Bague. ring?
Porte-monnale. pocketbook. Aimez-vous?
do you like? Cc, this. Pas si bon. not *o
good. Que, as. En bouteille. bottled.
Blere; beer. Au bock, by the glass. Que.
what. Jolis. pretty. Ces. the*e. Tasses,
cups. Soucoupes. saucers. Vraie. real.
Porceiaine. porcelain. Fratrhe. fresh. Kau,
water. Elle nVn a pas le goQt. it does not
taste so. Prendrona-nous? shall we take?
Preferez-vous? do you prefer? Devant.
front. Derriere. rear. Tout & l'heure.
presently. Demanderez-vous? will you
ask? Occupez-vous de, attend. Tandis que,
whilst. Achete, buy. Demandez-lui, ask
him for.
Read and translate Into English:
(1) Elle a trouve une bague dor. (2)
Mon ami a perdu son porte-monnale. (3>
Almez-voua cc pain? (4) Cc yin nest pas
si bon que le vin que nous avons_eu hier.
«3> La blSre en toutelUe est-— elle bonne a
Paris? (6) Est — elle aussl bonr.<« que celle
que l'on— achete par le bock? (7) Que cea
couteaux_-et ces fourehettea sont Jolts.
<8) Ces tasses — et ces soucoupes sont —^ellea
en vraie porceiaine? (C>) Ct-tte cau es;t-_elle
fraiche? Elle nen-a pas le goat. (10) Cc
monsieur voyage pour une maison_artg
laise. (11) Prendrons-nous I>xpres3~o-.i le
train-omnibus? (1^) Preferez-vous— un«
place de devant— ou une place de derri£re?
(13) Nous partons tout_a Theure. je croia.
(14) Xc demanderez-vou3 paa-au conduc
teur? (15) Oecupez-vous de vos bagagea
tandis que j'achete dcs billets? (lt>> De
mandez-lui le bulletin de bagages.
Note — The English translation of this exer
cise will be found in the following lesson.
which ivill be published next Tuesday.
CAPTAIN DEMING
PLEADS GUILTY
TO THE CHARGES
Sudden End of the Military
Court-Martial at the
Presidio.
Accusations of Forgery and Embez
zlement of Government Funds
Admitted by the Ac
cused Officer.
* •
The postponed sitting of the military
J court-ruartial which was set for yesterday
j at the PresiOio came to an abrupt ter
mination shortly after Major Stephen "vV.
Groesbeck, the judge advocate, had fin
ished reading thf charges against the ac
cused. Captain Peter C. Demlng, commis
sary of subsistence of the United States
i volunteers, by the latter pleading grullty
! to all of the specifications.
Yesterday's session was the third of the
court, as on two former occasions an ad
journment was had to give the accused
an opportunity to defend himself and pre
pare for trial. Attorney Crittendert
Thornton had been retained for the de
fense. When the judge advocate finished
reading the charges the attorney and his
client liPld a short consultation, and the
erring man In a subdued voice stammered
lout. "Guilty es charged."
In mitigation of the offenses. Attorney
| Thornton, in ppeaking of Captain Dem
: ings error, said that restitution had been
! made of the funds taken from private In
i dividual!*.' although not of those taken
| from the Government. He had furnished
,' two witnesses to prove that this restitu
' Lien had been mad*, and hoped for th©
clemency of the court in recognizing thi»>
!as a mitigation of the offense. Major
| Grcesbeek. said that this could not affect
the main charge, a clear case of forgery
ur.der exceptionally aggravating circum
stances, as the check presented on the
i Government bank was or.c issued to dls
j burging officers of the United States only.
At the conclusion of Attorney Thorn
i ton's plea for mercy the court held a'con
| crul tat ion. In less than thirty minutes the
whole proceedings were disposed of. Th<9
decision was forwarded to General Shaf
ter for his indorsement, after which it
will be submitted to President McKJnley
for final approval.
A Large Party
Of Eastern tourist* recently visited Frisco.
They' patronized Zinkand's, and pronounced it
the finest cafe in the Weet. •
Half Interest Deal.
T. G. Carpenter, . who has an office !n
the St. Ann's • building, was yesterday
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Cabaniss on a charge, of obtain
ing money by false pretenses. He was
accused of selling a half interest in a hair
restoring business to Mrs. Ella Dunbar on
the representation? that the income was
$300 per month, when it was much below
that sum.
Fishing for Suckers.
The Fhow at 707 Market street was raid
ed hy the police yesterday afternoon and
K<J M. Foster and J. D. Brooks were ar
rested for conducting a game of chance
and R. J." Fritz and Edward Newman,
cappers, tor vagrancy. The parapherna
lia of a n>hing same was seized. Victims
paid 25 cents for a try at the iron fish
and when they hooked one they pot a
prize of cheap jewelry worth not more
than 5 or 10 cents.
TRANS-ATLANTIC TRAVELERS
Furnished Special Attendants by the
Pennsylvania System.
The bureau of attendants for trans-Atlantic
travelers established In Jersey City and New
Tork City twenty years ago by the Pennsyl-
vania System, has proven a great convenience
to persons making European trips and to
tourists arriving in America at that port. It
will be particularly convenient for visitors to
tho Paris Exposition because the departure
docks of most of the Atlantic Steamship Lines
are convenient to the new Jersey City Passen-
ger Station of the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company.
This bureau consists of experienced aprnts
whoee duties are to meet passengers arriving
In Jersey City and New Tork over the Penn-
sylvania Lines and assist them In arranging
for trans-Atlantic trips via any of the steam-
ship lines by conducting them to steamships
and aiding In preparations for a trip abroad.
.These agents will provide cabs operated by
the Pennsylvania System and aid passengers
with their baggage. They ar* fully posted on
matters pertaining to steamshtps leaving New
Tork and arrangements can be made through
them' for procuring steamship tiekeu In ati-
They also meet Incoming eteamships to aid
travelers in shaping details for continuing
journeys from New Tork over the Pennsyl-
vania Line* by furnishing tickets, arranging
for the transfer cf baggage from steamship
docks after It has been passed by customs In-
spectors, and having the same checked through
to destination. They will reserve sleeping car
accommodation* and relieve persons of the
forego!"* details, making themselves useful as
attendants and guides free of charge.
Further Information on the subject may be
obtained by addressing A. S. T. HOLT. Pacific
Coast Agent, No. 30 Montgomery St. San
rnnnltm Cat
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
LEFT ENTIRE ESTATE TO
HIS WIDOW AND CHILDREN
Will of the Late Capitalist, John
Barton, Is Filed for
Probate.
The will of the late John Barton was
filed for probate yesterday by decedent's
widow. Isabella Barton, and son, "William
Barton, who are named as executrix- and
executor, respectively, to serve without
bonds. The testament is dated December
10, 1695. and disposes of an estate stated
in the petition to be worth more than $30.
000. One-half of all the separate and com
munity property is bequeathed to the
widow and the balance to decedent's son
named above and daughter, Grace Bar
ton, share and share alike. There are no
other bequests.
Horseshoers Incorporate.
Articles of Incorporation of the Mas
ter Horseshoers' Protective Association
of California were filed yesterday. The
object of the corporation is to facilitate the
organization of the horseshoers' trade for
mutual benefit and protection. The direc
tors are Frank Hafly, William P. Melia,
Frank Pechart, Martin Ryan, Thomas F.
McGee, R. R- Lomax and C. H. Knawn
burg.
WILL SPRINKLE ALL
THE BUSINESS STREETS
Merchants' Association Will Perform
This Work Until City Con
tracts Are Let.
The Merchants' Association has decided
to systematically sprinkle at its own ex
pense the principal business streets of the
city for a period of thirty days or longer,
for the purpose of giving' the citizens an
object lesson of the benefits to be derived
from general, sprinkling and to abate as
much as possible the present annoyance
from dust, until the city awards- a con
tract for sprinkling tho business streets
as required by the charter.
A special permit has been secured from
the Board of Supervisors to sprinkle the
bituminous rock streets, in order that the
association may experiment and ascertain
whether it is possible by sprinkling with
a very fine spray to keep down the dust
and yet not make the pavement slippery.
Smashed His Father's Glass Eye.
James McGuire, the young hoodlum
who brutally attacked his father, Frank
McGuire, 910 Illinois street, Saturday
night, appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday, but the case was continued un
til to-day. The father appeared in court
with two black eyes. He wore a glass
eye and it was smashed in pieces by the
son. About a month ago the father had
the son arrested for vagrancy, but the
mother and two daughters pleaded so
hard for him that the case was dismissed.
Yesterday he tried to put the blame of
assault upon his mother, who had be
friended him.
Note— These papers on practical science hai
been prepared for The Call's 'Home Study Ci
cle by Professor William J. Hopkins of Drex
Institute.
IV. PHOTOGRAPHY IN COLORS.
(Concluded.)
There are two other methods of color
photography more recent and somewhat
more direct than the three-color process.
These are the Interference method of
Lippmann and the diffraction method in
vented by Wood.
Lippmann's Interference Method.
.In this method two things are necessary
—a transparent photographic film not
granular in structure and a metallic mir
ror. Suppose that the film is in direct
contact with the mirror and that a beam
of light of a single color — that is. a single
wave length — fall upon it. The light
passes through the film, strikes the mir
ror and a train of waves is sent back
through the film. These reflected waves
meet the oncoming direct waves and the
result is the establishment of what are
called "stationary" or "standing" waves,
such as may be seen when a tight string
is vibrating violently as a whole or in
equal parts. At certain points the direct
and the reflected wave urge the string in
the same direction and the result Is a
motion which is the sum of two; at points
midway between these points of greatest
motion the direct and the reflected wave
urge the string in opposite directions and
the result is no motion at all. A similar
e'Tect may sometimes be seen in water
when the waves are reflected frum a
smooth rock or the planks of a pier or a
ship.
Such an action as this taking place
within the film produces planes of maxi
mum light action and planes of minimum
action half a wave length away from
them. The emulsion will be acted upon
at the planes of greatest motion and not
at all at the planes of no motion. There
will, therefore, be strata of metallic silver
deposited, the distance between adjacent
strata depending upon the wave length.
The strata formed by the action of violet
light will be nearest together and those
due to red light farthest apart, and even
in a thin film there will be as many as
500 of these layers of deposited silver.
If instead of light of a * ingle color the
colored image formed by a. lens falls upon
the sensitive film and mirror, the- result
will be a distribution throughout the film
of layers differently spaced at each point
in accordance with the color.
Seeing the Image.
When white light Is allowed to fall upon
a plate obtained In this way. It is reflected
at each of the planes within the film and
Interference takes place in such a way
that the light of the particular color
which formed the planes is strengthened
and all other colors are diminished. It is
the same action which gives color to a
soap bubble. Part of the light is reflected
at th« first surface, part goes through
and is reflected at the next and Join* a
wave reflected at the flrst.*As the extra
distance traveled is an exact multiple of
the wave-length of the color that pro
duced the layers, the light of that par
ticular color In each of the reflected
waves will be In the same part of a vibra
tion and the color will be strengthened.
For light of any other color the two re
flected waves will be in different parts of
a vibration when they join again and will
therefore be partly or wholly destroyed.
If there were only two planes the select
ive strengthening of the reflected light of
one wave length would not be marked.
But, as there are hundreds of planes, one
after another, the final result Is that prac
tically only light of one color— the color
that produced the planes at that point
emerges from the film.
The Manipulation.
The plate Is placed In a tight holder
with the film side at the back. The space
at the back Is then flooded with mercury
and the exposure is made. There Is no
other change from the usual practice, the
operations of developing and fixing being
as usual.
The plate must be viewed at the sam»
angle at which it was taken. For, if the
incident Is changed the colors change, the
red changing to orange, yellow, green ana
so on to the violet end: and if any part of
the film is wet it swells, the distance be
tween the layers increases and the color*
change in the opposite order.
Wood's Diffraction Method.
A still more recent method is that due to
Wood, in which the color effect is pro
duced by diffraction. Before describing
the process, therefore, we must first un
derstand what diffraction Is and what ef
fects it produces.
Nothing in regard to light is more flrmlr
impressed on the mind than that It casA
sharp shadows. This, however, is entirely
a question of degree. The Impression is
just as firm that sound does not cast sharp
shadows. The existence or the absence of
shadows depentle on tire relation between*
the length of wave and the size of th»
obstacle. The water on the leeward sld<»
of a ship is comparatively smooth, if not
quite so; and sound shadows occur behind
large obstacles. Water waves bend around
a stake just as sound waves bend around
small obstacles. Light waves do the same
thing, but as the light waves are so very
short the obstacle must be very small to
produce the effect of the stake in tha
water. A body of the dimensions of a
hair or a fine line on glass will do this,
and when the different sets of waves meet
on the other side they interfere, causing
added light where crest meets crest and
destroying each other where crest meets
trough. Thus alternate bands of light
and darkness are produced which may be
clearly seen under favorable conditions
with the proper apparatus. This effect is
very greatly increased by ruling a great
many lines close together, the lines all be
ing of the same width and separated by
spaces of the same width. Such a set oC
ruled lines on glass or on other transpar
ent or highly reflecting body 13 called a
diffraction grating."
Action of Diffraction Grating.
If the Image of a light of one color only,
such as the yellow sodium flame, is formed
by a lens upon a screen, and a grating put
in front of the lens, there appear other
yellow Images on either nide of the central
image separated from it and from each
other by dark space?. If the color of tha
light Is blue the spacing of the side im
ages is smaller, each blue image falling
nearer the central line than the corre
sponding yellnw. and imagea from a red
source -would have wider spacing than the
yellow. In this way white Usht la broken
up by a grating and spread out into a
series of spectra on either side of the cen
tral line. Moreover, the spacing of tha
lines of the gratinsr determines the dis
tances separating the upectra. finer ruling
causing the images to spread out more
widely. Evidently, then, by using" grat
ings of different fineness of ruling w« may
cause the spectrum produced by the aec
ond—the spectrum nearest to the central
image since it is the brightest— to lap
upon the spectrum produced by the first,
and that of the third grating to lap upon
the two otfier?. Indeed, the rullnjr of the
gratings may be carefully determined, so
that the r»d from the first, the green from
the second and the violet from the third
will all fall upon the same spot. An eye
placed at that spot would see red, green.
violet or any of their compounds. Includ
ing white, according to the relative
strengths of the simple component colors.
It is this action which is the foundation
of Wood's method.
The Process.
From what has been said it Is evident
that this method is in a sense a three
color method, but the primary colors used
are pure ?pectrnm colors which by an In
genious arrangement are produced auto
matically in tho film itself. In the fin
ished positive the red component at each
point Is represented by a portion of the
grating producing red at the view point:
the green component by a portion of the
grreen-producing gratln? and th.» vlole*
component by a portion of t&a gratis*
prcducins: violet.
HEAVY FINE IMPOSED
ON SALMON PACKERS
Judge Morrow Demonstrates That
There Is No Profit in Con
tempt of Court.
Joseph Hume, Hume Brothers and the
Hume Salmon Packing Company were be
fore United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday to show cause why they should
not be punished for contempt for having
disobeyed an order of the court prohibit
ing them from Infringing the patent on a
certain machine used for filling salmon
cans.
It was alleged and proved that the de
fendants had been violating the injunction
since March, 1597. Judge Morrow found
the defendants guilty of contempt and
imposed a fine of $2500, together with costs
and $250 counsel fees. It was also ordered
that if the fine was not paid in five days
Joseph Hume, the legally responsible head
of the defendant firm, should be impris
oned until the fine should have been paid,
•raid period of Imprisonment not to exceeu
six months.
It was ordered further that the machine
used by the Hume corporation be sur
rendered to the United States Marshal,
the Marshal being ordered to destroy the
sanse.
Henry Hope tor cruelty, Joseph Gaffney
against Nellie • Gaffney for desertion,
Emma Heller against Joseph Heller for
failure to provide, Hermlnla l. Ogden
against George H. Ogden for cruelty and
Bessie Bohall Roberts against Bert <J.
Roberts for failure to provide.
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
Copyright, 1900, by
Seymour Eaton
Murder Charge Dismissed.
The cafe of Patrick S. Higglns, bar
tender in Harry Bentham's saloon. Six
teenth and Valencia streets, charged with
the murder of John Flannigan, a young
plumber, was dismissed by Judge Conlan
yesterday, a? no complaint had been filed.
Flannigan and a companion went into the
saloon at an early hour in the morning
and Higgins refused to serve them with
liquor, as they appeared to be intoxicated.
They bwame abusive and Higgins put
them out. Flannigan fell and fracmred
his skull.
ATTORNEY J. N. E. WILSON, who
appeared yesterday in United
States Commissioner Heacock's
court representing Bert Herrington
In the case of the United States vs. Kirn
Quey. was hoisted clean out of the case
by his own petard. His client turned the
tables on the gang of highbinders that
were fighting for the possession of her
self as a chattel, and the ring was filled
with consternation. If her story is true
one lawyer may be disbarred.
Kirn Quey wafe arrested at Mayfield by
Chinese Inspector Gardner for being ille
gally in the country, he having discovered
that she was one of the show women who
had come here to take part in the exposi
tion at Omaha. Bert Herrington took her
In a bupgy and drove away from the town,
but was overtaken by Dr. Gardner. Her
rington jumped out of the buggy and
made his escape and the woman was re
arrested.
In the deportation proceedings yester
days morning before United States Court
Commissioner Heacoek. Dr. Gardner was
the first and only witness. He testified
that the woman was a laborer and had
no certificate of registration or other
paper entitling her to remain in this coun
try. Then Mr. Wilson walked into the
trap. He asked the witness if the woman
had not testified at Mayfield that she was
a native of the United States. The in
spector replied that she had. and that she
had afterward confessed that her testi-
mony on that occasion wa3 false, that the
truth was that she had come here with
the Omaha Exposition people and that she
had never been here before.
Dr. Gardner then proceeded to tell the
remainder of her confession. The story
had been taught her, he said, by Wong
Fong. the Chinaman charged with abduct
ing her; by Wong Sing, the man who
afterward went through a form of mar
riage ceremony with her, and by Lawyer
Herrlngton.
According to her statement they said:
"You must testify thus in order to clear
us, for if you don't our Hves*wouldn't be
worth anything. We would be hanged.
You must say that you were born in San
Francisco; that you never were out of San
Francisco; that you were not willing to
stay In the Chinese Mission Home; that
you wanted to go away with Wong Ling
Ting; that you had known him for more
than a year and that you wished to marry
him— in fact, that you had married him;
that you love him and that he is your hus
band. You will say also that everything
that has been done with you has been
done with your consent. If you don't tes
tify as we say a bullet will be" put through
your head."
Mr. Wilson announced at this point that
he would withdraw from the case. It was
Mr. Herrington's case, he said, anyhow.
The court took a recess until 11:30 o clock
to allow Mr. Herrlngton an opportunity of
putting In an appearance, but he did not
come, and the proceedings were continued
until this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Federal Grand Jury Impaneled.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday Impaneled th<» following named
citizens "to pit as a Federal Grand Jury:
Samuel Polack. foreman; Robert C.
Mitchell, secretary; A. E. Aniersbn, P. T.
Sprague. R. A. Barker. David Sachs. E.
D. Block. Peter Bf-rta, Harry A. Daven
port, Alfred T. Eastland. Joseph East
wood. J. L. Hollis. W. P. Henry. J. O.
Harron. J. C. Haughy, R. K«»ndrick, Slg
mund Kaufman. Charles M. Keenev.
Charles E. Lchr.er. S. B. Leavitt. Richard
Munk, Gerhard Muller and Charles S.
Neal.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Battleship lowa Sails for
Puget Sound to Go on
the Drydock.
One of the Man-of- War's Crew Went
Overboard With His Bicycle,
but Man and Machine
Were Rescued.
The battleship lowa sailed for Puget
Sound yesterday. Ort her arrival at Seat
tle she will go on the Port Orchard dry
dock, where she will remain for five days.
While there she will receive a- thorough
overhauling, after which she will return to
San Francisco, arriving here May 17.
Admiral Kautz did not go out on the
lowa. He will make his headquarters
ashore until" the battleship returns or the
Boston comes down from Mare Island.
Captain Goodrich is in command of the
big fighting machine and will see to her
docking and undoeking at Port Orchard.
There was a ludicrous accident at the
Folsom street float a few minutes before
the last launch left for the lowa. One of
the gunner's mates had purchased a. bi
cycle, and a darky sailor was taking it
aboard the warship for him. When the
Bailor got on the float at Peterson's boat
house he attempted to show the men in
the launch how easy it was to ride the
machine. Once he got started he could
not stop, and rode into the bay. Luckily
he could swim, and it was not long before
he was back on the float minua the bicy
cle. The darky did not waste any time
bewailing his fate, but stripping off his
heavy clothes took a dive into the water,
and in about thirty seconds came up with
the machine. He passed it up to the men
in the launch and then clambered aboard
after it.
Auxiliary Bark Tsukishima Maru.
For the first time in the history of the
port an auxiliary bark-rigged merchant
man arrived in port last Saturday. She
was built and outfitted in Japan and car
ries a full complement of the "little brown
men" as a crew. She came from Hako
date with a cargo of VM) tons sulphur In
the good time of twenty-eight days, the
usual passage for a sailing vessel being
forty-five days, and expects to go back to
Yokohama in steamboat time. She is a
handsome vessel and does credit to her
Japanese designers and builders.
Bear Sails To-Morrow.
The Seattle andPuget Sound papers gen
enally have been full of stories of the rev
enue cutter Bear chasing the British
steamer Alpha in order to prevent her
landing supplies and passengers at Nome.
There being no sub-port at the new gold
fields none but American vessels can land
there. In spite of that fact the Alpha
cleared from Victoria. B. C, and is now
on her way north with passengers and
cargo. According to the Seattle papers
the Bear is supposed to be after the Brit
isher, whereas she is still in port and will
not pass out through the Golden Gate un
til to-morrow afternoon.
Laguna a Total Loss.
News reached the city yesterday that
the steamer Laguna, which went ashore
at Tlllamook, is a total loss. She left here
last month with supplies for the mill at
Tillamook and was to bring back a load
of lumber. While trying to cross in over
the bar she Ktruck, and. went ashore
among the breakers. At that time it was
thought she could be got off and repaired.
All efforts have failed, however, and the.
Laguna is now a total wreck according to
advices received by the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday.
The Laguna was built in IRSS at Hay &
Wright's shipyard and was one of the
best known steam schooners on the coast.
She was 116 feet long. 30 feet beam and 9
feet deep, carrying about 300,000 feet of
lumber. T. Pojlard of this city was her
managing owner. The loss of the vessel
will come heavily on the owners at this
tlm*\ as it is impossible to either charter
or build a vessel, to replace her.
Bark Fortuna oh Fire.
News was received by the Merchants*
Exchange yesterday that the Norwegian
bark For tuna was on fire in Honolulu
harbor. She arrived from Newcastle. N.
S W.. with a cargo of coal, and while
awaiting inspection by the quarantine of
ficer fire broke out in the lower hold. The
steamer Miowera arrived in port while the
bark was burning, and the Mall boat's of
ficers report that when they sailed tht.
cargo was being discharged and every ef
fort made to- pave the vessel. The San
Francisco agents of the Fortuna are Hind.
Rolph & Co.
Water Front Notes.
The Zeatandia comes off the drydock
this morning: and the transport Warren
takes her place. The Zealar.dia will dock
at Pacific street and will be fitted out foi
her trip to Nome. After a few days on
the drydeck the Warren will load and sail
for Manila with €00 recruits and a full
cargo of stores.
A stevedore named J. Sullivan was seri
ously injured on the British ship Dowan
Hill "yesterday. He missed his footing- and
fell into the hold, fracturing three of his
ribs besides receiving internal injuries. He
was treated at the Harbor Hoxpital by Dr.
Morrison and afterward sent home in an
ambulance.
Henry Reed was arrested hy Sergeant
Tom Ellis yesterday and charged at the
harbor police station with burglary. He
is accused of robbing the rooms of the
crews of the Pacific Coast' Steamship
Company's steamers. A number of
watches stolen from the Santa Rosa, Po
mona and Corona were recovered.
Auxiliary Bark Tsukishima Maru.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KIM QUEY TELLS
ON HERRINGTON
Confesses to Dr. Gardner That She
Was Coached to Commit
Perjury.
Sensation in the Case of the Mayfield Chinese
Woman Who Was Delivered Into the
Hands of the Highbinders.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1900.
That ordinary treatment
fails to relieve painful
periods.
They know LydiaE. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Com-
pound will and does and
has, more than any other
medicine.
Every woman knows
about 'Mrs. Pinkham's
medicine.
Every woman knows
some woman Mrs* Pink-
ham has cured*
But nino women out of
ten put off getting this re-
liable remedy until their
health is nearly wrecked
by experiments or neg-
lect!
Then they writo to Mrs*
Pinkham and she cures
them, but of course it
takes longer to do so.
Don't delay getting help if
you are sick.
She has helped a million
women* Why not you 7
Millions for Baseball.
A million of dollars are sjx>nt every year upon
the rarr.e of baseball, but large as this sum Js.
It casrwt be*in to equal the amount spent by
people in search of health. There Is a sure
method of ebtalninjt strength, anfl It U not a
costly one. We urfe those who have spent
much and lost hope to try Hostetter's Stomach
Bltttrs. It strengthens the stomach, makes
digestion easy and natural, and cures dyspep
tla, constipation, biliousness and weak kid
ney's.
[ Reecham's Pills \
\ *^ OURESIGKHEADAOHE \
¦ and act like magic on a weak 1
, stonuch and disordered liver. <
. 10 cents &ad Ci cesri, at all tlzog ttoza, <
k>A< * *-*-^
DOMESTIC FINISH
For full-dress shirts is the correct
thing. It looks neat and dressy. It is
more expensive to us, but it costs you
no more. If you wish it, order it.
United States Laundry Office,
1004 Market Street,
Telephone South 420.
} Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
AHTTSEMEirra
PHONE MAIN 6W.
CROWDED EVERT NIGHT.
LAST WEEK of Our New York Extravaganza
Company In
AN ARABIAN GIRL
OR ALI BABA AND THE 40 THIEVES.
THIS EVENING.
NETT SONGP, NEW SPECIALTIES.
NEXT WEEK~"IN GAT NEW TORK."
Additional New Faces.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good R*stv»<s Seat In Orchestra at Satur-
day Matinee. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
AM I A Y/IZ ? YOU BET I AM !
6ECOND WEEK OF THE ENORMOUS SUC-
CESS,
The Superb Comic Opera,
The Wizard
of the Nile.
Evening* at *. Mattnee, Saturday, at 2.
POPULAR PRICES. 2Jc and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
7very quiet. Influenced by a decline of £2 for
tin at London our market for that metal eased
off some 15(^30 points, closing easy at $30 60®
30 70. Spelter was lower and weak owing to
the absence of export demand and In sympathy
Time Ball.
Branch ¦ Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
April 23, 1900.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Condition of the Treasury,
WASHINGTON, April 23.— T0-day's statement
of the treasury, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold
reserve, shows: Available cash balance, $144 -
653,495; gold, $82,712,025.
Tc to 19c -lower: good to choice wethers. $5 65®
C 10; fair to choice mixed, $4 90&£5 65; Western
sheep, $5 50<f(6 10; yearlings, S5 75@6 40: native
lambs, $5 SCQ7 30; Western lambs, $6@7 30.
ica steers, sieaay, *i*z& ib; bulls about steady
i 3 20^3 70. ...
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 32.000; to-morrow
15,000 estimated; left over, 7000; 10c lower; top
$5 Cl; mixed and butchers, $5 35Ji5 CO; good to
choice heavy, $5 50??5 65; rough heavy, $5 35iij>
5 43: light, $5 25@5 55; bulk of sales, $5 43@5 5;
SHEEP— Receipts. 22.000: sheen and Inmhs'
Dullness continued yesterday and prices
showed no change worthy of remark, save a
decline In Honokaa to $32 In the afternoon.
The oil stocks stood' about the same.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
MONDAY, April 23, 2 p. m.
.. _ _ Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bond?— Eqult G L Co. 3U 3%
Is quar c0up..H4H114% Mutual El Co. — 13
?s do reg., 11414114% OG L & H.... 46 47W
4s do cp new. .133 — Pac Gas Imp.. 49 50
4s do coup 110 — Pac LCo — 45
MiFcennneoup— 5 F G & E...'. 49% 4914
Cal-st Cab Ss.. US — San Francisco, ii, 4C
C C Water 55..1u7 — Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Ed L if P 65.. 130 — Insurance—
K&CI Ry t>a..lij — Flrem's Fund 226 —
Geary-st R ss. - 92% Hank Stocks—
H C& S 51,45. — — Alglo-Cal Ltd. 64U —
Do Es 105H — Bank of Cal. 406 —
LARy 5s 104 Vi — Cal SD & T.'.104 105
LAL Co 65... — — Kir?t National. — ¦>*)
Do gntd 6g.. — — Lo nP & a.... .13214 —
Do gntd 65.. 9S 100% Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P R 55.102H — Savings Banks—
Market-st fis..l2SV4 — Nev Nat Bk — _
Do Ist m 55.. 117% 120 Ger S & L..1850 —
NCN G R 75.109 1 ,s — Hum S& L. — _
NU of Cal 65. 113-,* — Mut Say Bk.. 45U _
NP of Cal 6s. 115% — .S F Say U Sl'Vi —
NPC R R 65. 10414 — Say & L So! 74 78
NPC R R ;>s.if>7Vi - Sec Say Uic, — —
N Cal R R 55.U3 114\4 Union T "Co! — —
Oak G L&ri.SB.l<»V& — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65. .114% — California .. — 123
Oak W Co fis.. — 10! i% Oeary-st srt _
Oceanic S C 0. .106% — Market-st Ry. 63 631 i.
Om C Ry 65. .125 — O S I. At H _ „,
P& Cl Ry 65. 104*4 — Presidio ". 16 —
P&O R It 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65. 117 — California ISO 16".
Rnr Lk- ORSs. W — Giant Con Co. SOU Si'i
SF & SJV 55.116'«— Vlgorlt 314 |v
S lt> of Cnl Ba.r.ii* — Sugar Mocks—
S P of A 65.... 113^115 Hana S P Co. 8»i S?i
Do (1905) lw — Haw C&S Co. — ?o'
Do <19n«) in — Hanokna S Co. 32U 32%
Do (1012) ....119 120\i Hutch S P Co. 25 25
Do Ist eg ss. — — Kilauea S Co.. 21^
SPBr 6s 127 12!> Mnkawell SCo 4S 4SU
S V Water C 5..11 4 1 /4115 Onomea S Co. 28 29
Do-4s 104 104,4 Paauhau S Co 31% 32W.
SV W (3d m). 102 — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65.. 99 — Al Pack Assn.HS HSU,
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. 105 —
Contra Costa.. 64 65 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Mann County. — — Oceanic S Co. 94*4 93
Spring Valley. 94 — Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gns & Electric — Pac C Bor C 0.150
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co. 10 —
Cent L& P.. .3%- '
Morning Session. k '. - .
Board—
C 5 liana Plantation Co 8 7S
25 Makawell 43 25
$1,000 Oceanic S. S. Bonds 107 00
75 S. F. Gaslight 4 50
5 S. F. Gas and Electric Co 49 50
5 S. V. Water .*. 94 62^
Street—
25 Oakland Gas 46 50
$2,000 S. V. 4s bonds (2d mtge) 104 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
6 Alaska Packers' Assn us 00
25 Equitable Gas 3 37%
20 liana Plantation Co g 73
100 Honokaa S. Co 32 00
60 Market Street Railway 63 25
Street—
145 California Street R. R 121 50
100 Equitable Gas 3 37 14
20 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 50
75 Oakland Gas 46 50
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
¦ Board—
100 Barker Ranch 1 15
60 Big Panoche j 00
15 Blue Goose -. "** 17 »
SCO Home Oil '.\]\\ 355
Afternoon Session.
._ Board —
50 Barker Ranch 1 <r
10 Blue Goose * y, *«
100 Home Oil,, b 10 !!!"'"' 400
100 Home Oil. b 15.... "" 400
100 Home OH '" J^A
100 Yukon ;;;;; x^
Street™" "
3 1-3 Blue Goose 17 50 .
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 8% 5 8%
Closing .•...5 8% 5 S%
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 25 21 75
Closing t 20 35 21 85
Flour —
Opening 26 70 23 65
Closing 26 90 28 80
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 23.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,-
OOn, Including 600 Texans; steers, steady to 10c
lower; butchers' stock . steady. Natives— Best
on sale to-day, one carload at $5 CO; good to
prime steers, prime to steady; others weak"
$4 Ssfgs fcO; iwor to medium, $4@4 75; selected
feeders, steady. $4 25@« 90; mixed stockers
$3 3Wi3 SO; cow.s, flrnf, $3<g4 60; heifers, Bteady
$3 2.'4j ! >; canners about steady, $2®2 75; bulls!
Blow, $2 70S/4 25: calves, slow, $4 50^4 65; Texas
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85U
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, night — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59H
Mexicua uuiura 4S'/i 44
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago' was weak at a slight de
cline, owing to the continued liquidation In
Corn. This market was lower, both on and off
call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 937i595c; milling,
96U'S97^c.
CALL BOARD PALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
32.000 ctls. $1 01»i: 22.0C0, $1 OlTi : 2000, $102;
May— 6oCO, 93Hc; 22,000. 33c; 12.000, 93V&C.
Second Session— December— lS.Coo ctls, $1 02»4:
May— sooo, 93c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls. P3c;
6000. 92?ic: :000. 92 7 ic; December— 2ooo. $1 02^c
Afternoon Session — December— Booo ctls,
$1 C2U; May-32,000, 93c.
BARLEY— Previous quotations rule, with the
usual inactive market.
Exports from this port during the first three
months of the year were 663,y00 ctls. valued
at J6C3.7C0, against 127.500 ctls at $174,000 during
the same time last year.
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 67%Q'72Vic for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, So-y
87Vjc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctls. 73T»c; 4000, 74Hc
Afternoon Session— No sales. •
OATS — There is a good demand for black,
but other descriptions are neglected at the old
quotations.
White. $1 lOfffl 30; Red. 95c05l 17H: Gray.
$1 07Hfil 15; Black, $l(ffl 05.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at $1 02H
@1 07H per ctl and Eastern Yellow at >1 154j
120 per Ctl; mixed, $1 12Vi©l 15 per ctl. • •".
RYE— 9s®97Vic per ctl.
JiUCKW HEaT- Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 Gog 3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lowb, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, »2 75 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. *Z 50: Klce Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 50:
Oat Greats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 25Ji3 aU; Buck
wheat Flour. $l®4 25: Cracked 'Wheat, $3 25;
Farina. 14 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6®7 25; in sacks. $5 75tf7; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lba. •
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is no further change in any descrip
tion.
BRAN— $l3^l4 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17<g20 per ton.
FEKDbTUl'KS— Kolied Barley. $15©17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. |2C@27; Jobbing.
J27 50«i2s: Cocoanut Cake. 520521; Corn Meal,
$25; Cracked Corn, $?5 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HA Y— Wheat. $7©a for common to good; $D 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
}6 5009; Oat, !6<SS; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, Hit
7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2SSJ3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous conditions still rule In all descrip
tions. ' •
BEANS— Bayos, $3®3 25: small White. $3 25©
3 50; large White. $3 20@3 25; Pink. $2 25@2 90;
Red, t3S3 SO; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima, $5 25; Pea. $3 40@3 60; Red Kidneys,
{3 lWi\.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4M-@4%c; Flax, $1 So©2 20; Canary,
3'/-c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. iljTlOc; Rape, 2H®3c; Hemp, 4®4Wc;
Timothy. 4if4V4c. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90®2 25; Green, $1 90
02 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The assortment of old Potatoes Is getting
very much reduced, and old Onions are also
pretty well used up. There Is nothing new In
Vegetables.
Receipts were 642 boxes Asparagus, 457 boxes
Rhubarb, 1066 sacks Peas and 368 sacks- New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 40^70c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks. 60igsf0c: New Potatoes. lS'lftc.
ONIONS— New Red. $2 50^3;- Old Yellow,
nominal: Australian. $S@lo per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 40c@$l per box;
Asparagus. 50c@$l per box for No. 2 and $1 25®
1 50 for No. 1 and $1 75tf?2 25 for fancy large:
Green Peas. 75cSfl 25 per sack for common and
$150 for Garden; String Beans, s@Sc for Los
Arrgeles and 9@loc for Vacavllle; Horsn Beans,
$1 per sack; Cabbage, 40®50c; Tomatoes, $1@
1 75; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 10c; Dried
Okra 32V4c per lb; Garlic, s(gf6c; Green Peppers
from Los Angeko. 12'4@15c; Dried Peppers. 8«
10c: Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Lob Angeles
Summer Squash, $1 25(gl 50 per box; Cucum
bers. 35cli$l per dozen; Marrowfat Squash, $40
per ton.
Poultry and Game.
There was no Eastern put on the market yes
terday, something unusual for Monday, but
several cars are at hand.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l2o for Gob
blers and 13{?14c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
SI 7502; Goslings. $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $4 50@5 50
for old and $6«7 50 for young: Hens, $4 50@6;
Joung Boofcterß. $6 5067; Old Roosters. $4sj4 50;
fryers $5 50fff6; Broilers. $4#5 for large and
J2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen
for old- and $1 "h<ft2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter , Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Eggs fell off yesterday and the
market was firm, with lighter supplies on the
floors. There was no 'change In ' Butter and
Cheese. -^ *' ' • ";;
IIuTTER— -i : :i ; ":
Creamery— Fapcy creamery, lie; seconds, 16
Dairy— Fancy, 15^ic; srood to choice, 14%@15c;
common, 14c. w;
CHEESE— New, 7!4(&8c: Young America, 8@
B%c: Eastern. 16@17c: Western. 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14ffl5c for store and 15®
16/4 per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Common Cherries are selling lower. Straw
berries are also off.
Oranges are accumulating again and prices
are weak. Three cars were" auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $2 90; choice do. $130®
1 60; standard, 85c@l 33; seedlings. 75c@$l .60. *
DECIDUOUS KKUITs—
APPLES— 7Rc«S2 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— ?I(SC r>er chest for large
and $7@lo for small berries. Receipts were
240 chests. Blackberrlewfrom the south, ..
CHERRIES— SOc®SI 50 per box for common
Shipping Intelligence.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION.
Thomas R. and Annie L. Turner to Harriet
E. Barneson (wife of John), lot on NE corner
of HalKht street and Central ' avenue (Lott
street). N 80 by E 112:6 (recorded April 19, 1300);
$10.
Mary L. Stuart, Virginia H. Thlbault and
aa trustee for Elam and Clayton Miller
(minors) to Louis C. Spiegel, lot on S line of
Broadway, £0 W of Laguna street, W 30 by 3
100; $10.
Louis C. Spiegel to Virginia H. Thlbault.
same; $10.
Herbert E. and Grace W. Law to Flora A.
Blbo, lot on N line of Lombard boulevard. 236:6
B of 'Devlsadero street. N 137:6 by E 25; $10.
Mary Dowd (wife of Peter) to Mary A. Kir
lln (wife of James), undivided one-third of lot
on E line of Mission street, 359 S of Twenty
first. E 122:6, S 25:5, W 123, N 32:10; gift.
Same to Margaret E. Dowd, undivided two
thirds of same; gift.
Catharlna S. and John C. Schmidt to Simon
and Elizabeth Koch, lot on N line of Twenty
fifth street. 22:6 W of Shotwell, W 20 by N 75;
»10.
George H. and Hannah Batchelder to Jane
Reed (wife of A. E.), lot on N line of Twenty
third street. 10") W of Hoffman avenue (Ellen
street). W 25 by N 114, lot 16S, Heyman Tract;
$10.
Marie de Laurence de Sleyes. Jean de Sleyes
and Angellque de Laurencel de Pollnlere to
It. .main C. De Koora, lot on N line of Clay
street. 97:6 E of Kearny, E 70 by N 103:9; $700").
William and Maude B. Cooke (Hayes) to
Adeline M. Hayes, lot on E line of Randall
place. 110:6 N of Greenwich street, N 27 by E!
56; $W.
Estate of Joseph B. Thomas (by Joseph B.
and Washington B. Thomas and Edward Price,
trustees) to Fanny de G. Stevenson, lot on NW
corner of Lombard and Hyde streets, N 137:6
by W 137:6; $ 15.000.
Adeline M. Hayes to William and Maude B.
Cooke, lot on S line of Pacific street. 163:2 Vi
W of Hyde, W 20 by S 73; $19.
Thomas F. and Ada Graber to George Patton.
lot on NW line of Minna street. 115 SW of
Third SW 20 by NW 70 (quitclaim deed); $10.
John A. Nlppert. Louisa Nlppert (wife- of
loßn D.) and George Patton to Maria A. Wll
?ox (one-third). Fanny Wilcox Drake. Mary
VVileox Longstreet, Tullta Wilcox Miner and
Alfred H. Wilcox (one-sixth each), same; $10.
Daniel or D. J. Buckley to Ellen Delaney,
lot on NW line of Minna street. 135 SW of
Third. SW 20 by NW 7i) (quitclaim deed): $5.
Ellen Delaney to Maria A. Wilcox (one-third).
Fannie Wilcox Drake, Mary Wilcox Longstreet.
rulita Wilcox Miner and Alfred H. Wilcox
(one-sixth each), same; $10.
Estate of Mary Joyce (by 'Winifred Weir, ad
ministratrix) to Rudolph L. Proll. lot on. NW
'me of Bryant street, 300 SW of Third. SW 25
ay NW SO; $2790.
Lillian L. Kellogg to Dan P. Carter, lot on
[V line of Maryland street, 175 N of Calaveras,
S" 25 by W I>>; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Arthur O. and
Mary F. De Rutte. re-record IS6I D. 218. lot on
N.* line of California street, 107:6 E of Twenty
'ourth avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Lydia M. Snow (Heyn) to. William Green
leld, lot on E line of Thirty-sixth avenue. 200
S of A street. S 25 by E 120; $125.
A. F. Gunn to James Rogers, lot on SW cor
ner of Forty-second avenue and I street, W
57:6 by S 100 (Quitclaim deed); $10.
Horace B. Angell to Carlton F. Moulthrop,
lot on E line of Lafayette street. 213 N of
Brunswick, S 106:6 by E 17S, block 41. West
End Homestead (Quitclaim deed); $3.
Janet Mackay to Adolph Zillmer. lot on E
line of Harper street, 195 S of Thirtieth. S 25
by E 125, block 23, Falrmount; $1.
Adolph Zillmer to Irving and Mary Watson,
same; JIJ.
Alameda County.
Henry and Mary E. Smyth to Charles E.
Jacox. lot on NE line of Bellevue avenue.
733.3 SE of High street, SE 470, NE 508.33. NW
470, S 505.1G to beginning, being lot S3. Mackin
non and Gohrman Tract, Brooklyn Township;
grant.
August R. Denke (bankrupt), B. H. Griffins
(trustee estate of said bankrupt), Puget Sound
Lumber Company, C. L. Ingler and H. T. At
kinson (by J. B. Lanktree, commissioner) to
Frederick J. Hund and Christopher Heinz (ex
ecutors estate of Elizabeth Metzger). lot on
NW corner of Webster and Buena Vista ave
nues, N 40 by W 125, being lot 1, block C,
Shepardson property at Mastlck Station. Ala
meda; $978.
Sarah Terry to Antone G. Ferrelra. lot 4.
block 17. Mao of Haywards Park Homestead
Union. To correct 714 d. 173, Eden Township;
Simon and Ellen F. Foscallna to Marla/L. A.
de Rochln. lot 7, block 29, map of addition No.
3, town of Llvermore. Murray Township: $350.
Walter J. and Fannie E. Little to Caroline F.
Davis, lot on N line of Mattle avenue. 237 43
E of Park street, E 40 by N 120, being lot 35,
block C, Parsons Golden Gate Tract, Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $1.
John H. and Mary A. Muller to Elizabeth M.
Muller, lot on SE line of Eleventh avenue 106
NE of East Twenty-second street. NE 50 SE
l.'O, SAT 14:3, NW 48:6. SW 35:9. NW 101:6 to be
ginning, block 133. Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Joel G. Trimble to Mary H. Trimble, lot on
N line of Francisco st. 247 W of Shattuck ave
nue, W 90 by N 134:67. being lot 14, block C
Janes Tract. Berkeley: gift.
Mrs. M. Ferguson (widow) to Hanna M. Carl
sen, lot on SE line of Grant avenue. 572:7S NE
from NE line County road Oakland to San
Leandro. NE 60, SE 101. SW 60. NW 1C0.95, to
beginning, being lot 15 and portion of lot 16.
Turnbull Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Joseph and Elizabeth Lancaster to Sarah
Fitch, lot 26. Searles Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Emma J. Cadwallader (widow) to San Fran
cisco Savings Union, surrender 60S D. 1, lot on
N line of San Jose avenue, 300 E of Chestnut
street, E ICO by N 150, being lots 6 and 7. in W
half of block M, lands adjacent to Enclnal,
Alameda; grant.
Rose E. Mayhew to John Bennett,' lota 14
13 and 16. Map of Locksley Square, Oakland;
$523.
James F.. Alfred I. and Paul C. McCourtney
and Margaret M. Hughfs to Mary A Belden
(wife of E. S.). lot on N line of Forty-fourth
street. 14.70 W from SW corner of lot 29 block
2101. McCourtney Tract, thence W 400 to a
I>oint 425.40 feet E from E line of Grove street
thence N 100. E 350. N 100. E 150. S 100 W 114 70*
S to N line of Forty-fourth street to beginning'
being a portion of block 2101, McCourtney
Tract, Oakland: $10.
Mary A. Belden, Margaret M. Hughes. James
•\. Alfred I. and Paul C. McCourtney to Mar
nierite A. Belden, lot on N line of Forty
ourth street. 154.11 W of Telegraph avenue
,V 50 by N 100. being lot 28, block 2101. same
Oakland: $l'\
Martin Behncke to Carl E. Kutter lot on
\'E corner of Mina and Rudsdale streets E
135. NW 203. W 300. S 200 to beginning, being
ots 24 to 3.1 and a portion of lots 22 and 23.
slock 2. Fltchburg Homestead Lots, Brooklyn
rownshlp; grant.
I. L. and Ella J. Raxton to W. V. Whlteher.
ot 19, block 2023, Whitcher Tract. Map 2, Oak
and; $10.
< ; /^ Builders' Contracts.
Gottfried Kohake (owner) with Paul Mager
contractor), plans by owner — All work for a
two-stcry frame bulMlng on lot on E line of
Howard street, 171:6 N of 25th. N 24:S by E
22:6; ?3375.
Lucius L. Solomons (owner) with Theodore
S. Heln (contractor), architect M. A. Bugbee—
All work except plumbing, sewering, palming,
shades and gas fixtures to make a three-story
building into flats on lot on S line of Twenty
second street, 75 E of Guerrero, E 25 by S 114:6;
$1600.
William G. Irwln (owner) with George H.
Tay Company (contractors), architects Reid
Bros., stea^n-heatlng plant for residence on lot
en NE corner of Washington and Laguna
streets: $6370.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, April 23.— There was a whole
bunch of bearish consideration presented for
view litf the wheat pit at the beginning of
trade. Cables were easier, world's shipments
heavy, there was an Increase on passage and
the weather continued favorable. It was ex
pected that there would be considerable liqui
dation on May this week, but It did not ma
terialize early. Prices were fairly firm for a
couple of hours after the initial concession of
about a quarter of a cent. Later the stuff
began to come out, however, and there was
selling in sympathy with .the break in corn.
May had hesitatoil early, balking at the 65c
mark, but the liquidation carried the price
through that. The market was very weak at
this time, but the selling paved the way for
the reaction which began during the t after
noon. The short sellers concluded not to re
main In that condition over night and bought
back some of their early sales and turned what
looked like a Lull rout into a sort of retreat
in good orde"r. as the dispatches have it. The
cash business was slack and the export in
quiry rather discouraging to holders. Trade
was dull In spots, but the session furnished
considerable animation most of the time. May
cpened at e.'i'mC to CoftCSHc sold between 65UC
and 64HC and closed »»c under Saturday at
64v»565c. July opened at U6»4c to ee^^bOSc.
ranged from 66?ic to 66V»c and closed %tfVj(J
down at 66*»c. Much of the trade was done
In changing May for July at a difference
of Vie.
The corn market was active and lower. The
feature and the factor was liquidation of May,
although lower cables and the Increase on
passage were Items In favor of the bear side.
The opening was a trifle lower. Shorts were
B?Ilers, but covered later and thus caused a
partial recovery. The bulk of the Duslness was
in the way of changing. May closed He under
Saturday at 37T«c; July closed H©V«c down at
£9<!g3SHc. ,
Provisions were active and fluctuations for
the greater part of the session wide. Hog re
ceipts were liberal and prices at the yard
lower. There was a heavy selling pressure in
evidence at the start. Buying by packers
caused a reaction and the close was firm.
May pork closed 274 c under Saturday at $12 45;
July 20c down at $12 624; May lard unchanged
at $6 92^s ; July unchanged at $7 021?; May
ribs 5c lower at $6 85; July 5c down at J6 90.
The oats market held its own despite the
weakness displayed early by corn. There was
a good demand from both shorts nnd longs.
May and July closed a shade higher at 22-js®
22% c and £3e respectively.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy-
No. 3 spring wheat. 60(gC4c; No. 2 red. C3@69V.c :
No. 2 corn. S7%@3SttCi No. 2 oats. 24c; Nor 2
white. 27627',4c; No. 3 white, 25H527c; No. 2
rye. 55c; No. 2 barley. 40©44 c: No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 73; prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork, per
barrel. $11 SOS 12 55; lard, per 100 pounds, $6 75©
6 90; short ribs sides (loose), $6 75(26 97VJ; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $6 75<?j7; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 25<57 35; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, 51 25V4.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 14@17«£c; dairy.
12 1 4<&'15 1 ,4 c. Cheese, firm; 121513 c. Eggs, steady
10*ic.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nni' York Stock Market
NEW YORK, April 23— Saturday's break in
prices of Flocks brought large selling orders
into the market and they were in evidence
all through the list at the opening. But there
wee also buying orders on a very large scale
to take the offered stock. Part of these were
plentifully placed in the market by friends of
different stocks for the purpose of supporting
them. The expectation was quite general that
the market would open with something like a
crasih In values, but as !s not unusual in Wall
Ftreet overexpectation defeated itself and i
there were enough buyers waiting to take ad- ]
vantage of the crash to steady the market j
almost immediately. Professional Wall street j
j>erceived the absence of pressure of long 1
stock in the eteel industries with the cynical
lack of surprise. Evidently the opportunity I
had been seized to dispose of long stock at the j
higher level of price* and the shorts were the |
most eager curators in the market in the en- j
deavor in cover. This pretty clearly indicated 1
a pause In the most aggress.ive tactics of the 1
bear campaign. A collateral object of that I
campaijrn is generally believed to be to take
on various stocks at the lower level of prices.
The pressure of liquidation continued heavy
during the firM hour and a second drive was
made by the bears at the end of that time. ¦
But th»» eu-ady absorption of offerings bepot a
very cautious mood among the professionals :
and a decidedly qcirter tone ensued in the
market. f?on:e cf the bull pools which have
recently bf-en active, notably that In Missouri
Pacific, showed a disjosition to resume opera
tions. The undertone of the market was firm ;
during the latter part of the day and at the
dose was Etrong and rather active, with the
ft»-«-l industries at the best level cf the day
&t a considerable net gain, amounting to 2\
in th* case of Federal Steel and 2H in Steel
and Wire. Wall street still keeps an eye on
the situation in the iron and steel trade, but
4r inclined to go back r>f official uttt-rances
in forming Its opinion. The alarm flrsi cre
ated over the cut in price* is mitigated by
the wel!-Siled ranks of the consumers who
are known to be waiting to place contracts
fct a lower level cf prices. Last year's high
prices arc known to have been made by be
lated bidders who had to buy at any price to
fill contracts, and the dealings at the high level
were for only a small part of the total pro
duct. A larce part of last year's business was
on old contracts which u-t-re known to have
fo^en worked off at lower rates. While the re
duction in current rates has proved a severe
shock to the financial world and a great d'.f
cpp^lntment to holders of the stocks of the
eteel companies Wall street Is beginning to
Indulge the hope that at cut prices the year's
average rate may still prove to be tbove the
average for last year. Gold exports are l<x>ked
to -without alarm <n account of the en»<? of the
m«~>n*-y market. To-day's ¦mall shipment to
Buenos Ayres was without Influence.
The feature of the bond market was th»
quick rise to 85 3 i of th» Western New York
and Pennsylvania general mortgage 2 4s on
the arrangement perfected with the Pennsyl
vania Railroad. Otherwise prices yielded in
sympathy with stocks. Total rales, par value,
S2,SSO.OM.
United States bonds were unchanged.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Bhar** Closing
Bold. FtocV*- Bid.
• 21.5T.0 AtcMson 2".\
25.760 Atchison prefd . 694
12,750 Baltimore A: Ohio M 1 *
Canadian Paeifis '.C\
1.100 Canada Southern .56'^
7.073 Chesapeake & Ohio 30 7 4
LP2S Chicago Great Western 13^
:2.420 Chicago Bur & Quincy 125 Vi
700 Chicago Ind A- Louis 26V»
IGO Chicago Ind & Ixmis prefd 5i
2&9 Chicago & East Illinois' 101
2«> Chicago & Northwestern ,l«!'/i
S.SSS Chicago Rock Islani & Pac 10S4
1.210 C C C & St Louis 6H*
l'O Colorado Southern G
320 Colorado Southern lFt prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd \ 16' i
£50 I>flaware & Hudson 115'^
iOO IX-laware I>ack & W«*stern 17S
I»enver & Rio Grande Jo
250 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 70%
?«0 Erie 13\
775 Erie lrt prefd Z's\ t
Great Northern prefd li 7
200 Hocking Coal 17?. 4
i'Jt Hocking Vaiiey . jji k
Illinois Central 11,-,
1.000 lowa Central 171;
110 lowa Central prefd r,j
210 Kansas City Pitts & Gulf ]gvi
700 Lake Eric & Western.. •. ;;*i %
lCi Lake Erie i Western prefd ?6
Lake Shore 2'is
10.470 Louirvllle & Nashville jjt.j
3.17 T. Manhattan L 93%
7.020 Mrtro;>olitan St Ky ITa'^
1.050 Mexican Central 14
1,000 Zllnn & St Louis — ;.. C2 l -.
Minn /c St Ix>uis prefd 91
41.2 M Missouri Pacific ,V,u
Mobile & Ohio 43"
Mi.-«ourl Kansas & Tfxas 111;
0.010 Mitxouri Kansas & Texas prefd 3.") 1 ,-
S.ll.'i New Jersey Central 1211*
ls.loo New York Central 1.133 5 ;
14,720 Norfolk & Western 37*
1.4 M Norfolk & Western prefd 7)>'.4
35.150 Northern Pacific , £.S
1.73". ICorthPrn Parlflr prefd "r.»i
2.7U0 Ontario & Western .' 23Vt
Oregon Ry & Nay 41
Orrg-m Ry & Nay 76
SC.C7S Pennsylvania V--%
3.J00 Reading : IS
Zi.Vfi Reading Ist prefd 6]%
C.OOO Heading 2d prefd »2%
....... lllu 'Irande WVttfrn 53Vj
? Rio Grande Western prefd S7'»
Via tl L.uU St San Fran -. 10H
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of th» tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there ar* but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th» lower low w«?«"-n.
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 68
SJO St Louis & San Francisco Cd prefd.. 35
Bt I-^uis Southwestern II 1 ?
4. SSI Si Louis Southwestern prefd 29* 4
13.356 St Paul H9H
St Paul prefd IT3
St Paul A: Omaha 119.
ZZ.?-Z:> Southern Pacific 37H
4,050 Southern Railway 13S
2.4W Southern Railway prefd 67* 4
P.fGO Texas & Pacific 1?"»
IS.STS I'nion Pacific 56*
T.fTO I'nion Pacific prefd ~~-Ht
100 Wabash •• 7=*i
2,7iu Wabash prefd 21"<i
310 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10H
400 W & Lake Erie 2J prefd SS^
I, iOO Wisconsin Central 17 S »
Express companies —
Adams 120
American 146
United States 43
.. Welis-Fargo 124
Miscellaneous—
630 American Cotton Oil 354
American Cotton Oil prefd S6
American Malting 3H
American Malting prefd 21
2.130 American Smelting & Refin 37^»
1.025 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. SSV
American Spirits 2W
American Spirits prefd ;. 17
4.100 American Steel Hoop 26
SCO American Steel Hoop prefd 74% i
56.673 American Steel & Wire *0%
I.SIO American Steel & Wire prefd 7814
. 3,€1'5 American Tin Plate »X
American Tin Plate prefd 79
14.7:0 American Tobacco H>3»;
American Tobacco rrofd 135
3.073 Anaconda Mining Co .*.. 43'^
21.7CS Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7*
6.SSO Colorado Fuel & Iron 41"i
8.075 Continental Tobacco 2i"«
SCO Continental Tobacco prefd SI
27..VJt Federal Steel 41%
2.600 Federal Steel prefd 6S'..
750 General Electric .-..137
500 'Glucose Sugar 4S
Glucose Supar prefd 95
t* 1 "' 1 International Paper 22
1M International Paper prefd 65
MO Laclede Gas 71
100 National Biscuit 22' i
National Biscuit prefd f"0
700 National Lead ! 23
ISS National Lead prefd 104
3,S'Ai National Steel 30>i
1.000 National Steel prefd 8814
New York Air Hrake 125
l'.H) North American 15
300 Pacific Coast JIU
Pacific ("oast Ist rrefd fc2
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 61'»
703 Pacific Mai'. 32*
10.K-4 People's Gas 102 s s
Pressed Pteel Car 43
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd SI
200 Pullman Palace Car lS2'i
Standard Rcpe & Twine 6
50.420 Sugar 105" B
100 Susar prefd 11l
4.230 Tennessee Coa! & Iron M*i
fc.720 United States leather 11
1,400 I'nited State? Leather prefd 70
250 Tnited States Rubber 32Vi
I'nited Ktat^s Rubber prefd 97
649 Western Union 81V
1,630 Republic Iron & Steel m;
492 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 60
P C C & St Louis 64%
HO Third Avenue 109
737.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2a rep MI4.L & N unl 4s 100* i
Do 3s re* 109 South Pac 4s S3'i
Do 3s coup 109%]N V Cen lsts 110*»
Do new 4s c0up. .134 N J Cen gen 3s 123
Do 4s coup 134 N Carolina 6s 127 1 -i
Po old 4s reg lK'i, Do 48 106
Do old 4s c0u p...l 14 Vii North Pac 3s CS'i
Do 5s reg 112U Do 4s 104»«
IX) 5s coup 113 V N V C & S L 45....1064
Do. refunding :N & W con 4s 97^
2s. when issued. 1024 ' Do pen 6s 134
Dis of Ccl 3.655. ...122 Or Nay lsts 108
Atch gen 4s 100% ¦ Do 4s 104
Do adj 4f M :Or Short Line 65..12.5H
Can South 2ds 107 i Do con 5s IKH
Chesa & Ohio 4'*s.. S3'i Read Gen 4s 88%
Do 5s 120'n R G West lsts 99
C & NW con 75. ...142 \S L & I M con 35..110>i
Do S F Deb if!.. 122 j Do S F Gen C 5...124
Chic Ter 4s &6'iJSt Paul con 172
D & P. G lsts I'l4 i Do C & P 15t5. .120
Do 4s »9>i { Do 5s 121
ETV & G lsts 102 South Ky 3s 112%
Erie Gen 4s 74%'Stan P. & T 65.... 71
FW&. C D lsts... 72 T«nn new set 35.... 93H
Gen Electric 3s 117H1T & Pac lsts 115
Gal II & S A 65... 107 • Do Ms CO
Do 2ds 110 ! Union Pac 4s 103 T i
Hous & T Cen ss..lll>4|Wabash. 111>4| Wabash Ists 118
Do con 6s 110 I Wabash 2ds 102
lowa Cen lsts 114 ] West Shore 4s 114
X C P & G If*s.. 73 IWls Cen lsts &l"s
La new con 4s ir*H|Virgina Cent 91Vi
M X & T 2ds 6S»-j! Do deferred 5
Do 4s 93>i Col & South 4s 83^4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 36 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 66
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Plymouth 12
Dead wood 55 Quicksilver 150
Gould &• Curry 20 Quicksilver pref... 7 f.O
Hale & Norc 20 Sierra Nevada 45
Hom^stake 50 CO Standard 3 70
Iron Silver 18 Union Con 28
Mexican 30. Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — j Rubber 32
Call lnans S'cfM il'nlon Pacific 56
Time loans 4 i^s IWestlnghouse Elec 48
Stocks — : Bonds —
A. T & S F 25% ! AtChiKOH 4s 100
A. T& S F prefd. 69H Mining Shares—
Am Su^ar lO^i Adventure 44
Am Sugar prefd. ..lll Allourz Mln Co 2
Bell Telephone 32S',i Amal Copper 91' i
Bost & Albany 244 Atlantic 21
Boat Elevated 144 1 Bost /c Mont 203
Best * Maine ISO ißutte & 805t.., 70V4
Dominion Coal 43 iCal & Hecla 750
Dom Coal preld 116 ,'Centennial 19<£
Federal Steel 41*; Franklin ]SV»
F^d Steel prefd.... 63^ Humboldt 50
Fitehburg prefd. ...133 Osceola 6G»£
Gen Elec 1374 Parrot 44
Gen Elec prefd 13S ,Quincy 36
Ed Elec 111 105 1 Santa Fe Copper.. 5
Mcx Cen 13'4: Tamarack :.ISS
N E Gas & Coke... IS iUtah Mining 3fi',4
Old Colony 207 'Wolverines 40
Old Dominion ls*;i
Nczv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 23.— Close— Money on call
clcsed 2©3 per cent; prime mercantile paper. 4@
5 per cent. '.*."'•% -vy-.;;;
Sterling exchange strong, with actual business
In bankers' bills at U *S»» for demand and at
14 M.i for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S5 and
;4 M: commercial bills. $4 R3Vd4 84. Silver
crtlfirates, COVi^CUic; bar silver. 59*4 c; Mex
ican dollars. 47% c. Government bonds steady;
State ttcr.ds firm; railroad bonds weak.
J^ondon Market.
NEW YORK. April 23.— The Commercial Ad
vert lser> London financial cablegram says:
The markets to-day were all very flat, from
consols to mines, and business was meager.
Adverse rumors were current. Including the
extraordinary whisper of an Impending war
with France over African disputes after the
exhibition. A decline in the war loan to 13-16
per oent premium suggested further •borrow
ing, following Lord Edmund Fltzmaurice's es
timate of the' financial cont of the war at
i: 130. 000. C00. A break in American »?curltles
was also a diFturblng influence this morning
und London lopt heart, opening below parity
for the first time since the late rise began.
Hopeless of New York support this department
was weak all day and would have broken
badly If there had been any pressure to sell.
New York came a feller and the close In the
rtrert was flat at the worst. The only firm
¦pot was Norfolk and Western on "shop" sup
port. Paris falling to support Tlntas they fell
I' 4 to 67H: Anacondas y~ to 9 9-16. The Bank
of England bought 1:51,000 gold in Germany.
It is hinted that gold Is In transit from New
York, but tliat the fact Is kept very close, a
moderate sum due the Bank of England was
renewed and there was some frrsh borrowing,
but no discount business. There is talk of an
early reduction of the German bank rate to 5
per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Asril 23.— Canadian Pacific, 97%;
Union Pacific preferred. 76%: Northern Pacific
preferred. 75»4; Atchlson. 26%: Anaconda. SVj-
Rand. 26»4. Bar silver, quiet, 27}»d per ounce.
Money, S*i per cent.
Sun rises 5 ;rj
Sun hets 8:31
Moon rises 2:OS a. m.
red and white, and $1 50®2 50 for black. Re
ceipts were 112 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Orangea, $1 25®2 75
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 75; Lemons, Jl'h-1 o«
for common artd I2fcf2 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. $4&4 50; Bananas. $1 25@2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 5005 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes, In sacks, 4Hc for
40-50'e, 4c for 50-60's, 3>^@3%c for 60-70's, I'iiO
3%c for 70-80'n. 3#3<4e for 80-90' a and 2%c for 90-
ICO's: Apricots. ll©l2V4c for Royals. 12'-;«15c
for Moorporks and ]2!g:i3V5C for Blenheims;
Peaches. BVfctfific for Standards. 6V4@64;c for
choice and 7<£Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10"#
12V4c; Evaporated Apples. «a>7c; Sun-dried, 5®
614 c ¦ per Ib; Nectarines. S<g9c: Pears. Sy*<ff4Hc
for dark and 7@Bc for bright halves; Black
Figs. -2@2'4c; White Figs. 203 c; Bleached
Plums, S'gSc; unbleached Plums. 7@7%0 for
pitted and l>4c for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
Ib, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, Be. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B'/4c; cholcp. 7%c; standard. «"4c;
prime sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
WJ-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels. Hhic;
3-crown, «ye; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Debesa. J2 50; Imperial. $2. All
prlcen are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In. California.
NUTS— Walnut*. B@9c for standards and
9ißloo for eoftnhells; Almonds. 11%®12c for
PRper shell. bi(iOc for soft and 405 c for hard
fheii: Peanuts. 6*i<f?6%c for Eastern and 6c
for California: Brazil Nuts. 7Vt®Se; Filberts.
12«f!2Hc: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanut.i, $4 50<85.
HONEY— Comb. HH@l2c for bright and IOHO
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
71ic: light amber extracted, 7%®7Hc; dark,
sHS<>c per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Cured Meats are no higher, and. Indeed, the
market Is reported quieter.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for lieht medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and 14V4c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13V4<3>14e; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork, $14 50@15: extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 60;
Smoked Beef, 12%@13e per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Bo per lb for
compound and BHS9c for pure; half-barrels
pur». 9V,c: 10-lb tins. 9\c: 5-lh tins lrn^c
COTTOLENE— Tierces. B»4iffSHe per lb; half
barrels, S?;<SS%c; 10-lb tins. OVic
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers
10@llc; medium. 9<4c: light. 9ff94c; Cowhides!
9<S9V4c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9@9%c; Calf, 10c;
Dry Hides, sound. 18@19c; culls and brands
15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16®17c; Dry Calf 190
20c; Sheepskins, 6hearllngs, 13®30c each; short
Wool, Ssig6oc each; medium. 70i$90c; long Wool
Jl@l 25 each: Horse Hides. $» 23*33 for largo
and $1 25@1 75 for small; Colts, 25@30c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins, Ssc; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth
50c; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, s®sHc per Ib- No
I. 4®4%c: refined, t%c: grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows-
Northern free. 16SlSc; Northern defective u&
10c; Middle County, free. 15@17c: Middle
County, defective. 13@15c; Southern Mountain
12 months'. 12©14 c; do. free, 7 months', 12@15c
do. defective. 7 months'. 10®12c; Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20@23c; Nevada. lCfllSc per lb
HOPS— 6M;@IOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no change to report.
BEEF— 6@6»ic Der lb for fair to choice.
VKAL— 6H@»c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©7% c; ewes, 6H©7c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. B©9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%'36%e for small and
medium and SH'gS'fce for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. SV»CS%c; dressed Hogs, 7@BUc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%06%c; Wool Bags. 28V4@32Hc;
Fleece Twine, 7>£c.
COAL— Wellington. JS per ton: new Welling
ton. *S; Southfield Wellington. $7 50: Seattle.
16 60; Bryant. IS 50; Coos nay. J5: Wallsend. $3:
Co-operativ<? Wallsend. $S: Cumberland, $12 in
bulk nnd $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15
per 'on In bulk and $17 in racks: Castle Gate
ar.fl Rock PDrincs,,!? 45 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR— Prices are lower. The Western
Sugar Refining Company quotes per lb In 100-lb
bacs: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed,
n.SOc; Powdered. 5.50 c; Candy Granulated. 5.10 c;
Dry Granulated. 5.00 c: Confectioners' A. 5.00 c;
Magnolia A. 4.60 c: Extra C. 4.50 c: Golden C,
4.40 c: barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, JOe more; 50-lb bacs. 10c more. No or
der*, taken for less than 73 barrels or Its equi
valent. D9mlnoes, half-barrels, 5.75 c; boxes, 6c
per lb. . •>
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, APRIL 23.
Flour, qr sk.s 9.726! Middlings, sks .. ISO
Wheat, ctls 5.5S7;Hay. tons 497
Barley, ctls 37,4!>Gj Wool, bass 453 i
Oats, ctls 72>); Pelts, bndls 93 I
Corn, ctls f>W) Hides, No S3l \
Uutter. ctls 556 Lime, .bbls 573
Cheese, ctls ..... 103: Leather. rolls 50
Beans, sks 1.130 Quicksilver, flsks 103
Potatoes, Bks .... 2,141 Sugar, bbls 170
Onions, sks HjlKkkp, doz 19,9jQ
Bran, sks I.62l\Vine. gals 63 90")
WASHINGTON
Flour, qr sks 6.36i>j Flaxseed, sks .... 340
Oats, ctls 5,530 Wool, bales 4i
Hops, bales 20]
MINING STOCKS
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Momins;
100 Belcher l»
200 Best & Belcher 21
60 Caledonia. 1 2.*»
100 Challenge 20
300 Con Cal & Va..l &
50 Con Cal & Va..l «. :
200 Gould & Curry 2a
200 Hale & Norc... r,
Session.
200 Mexican 31
400 Ophlr «0
100 Overman V)
500 Sierra Nevada. 4;
300 Utah 10
20>>Utah 03
2(0 Yellow Jacket.. 24
Afternoon Session
800 Alpha 03
200 Best & Belcher 21
500 Bullion 03
250 Con Cal & Va..l 60
F.OO Crown Point... 13
3<>o Ophlr 60
700 Savage 00
100 SavaKe 10
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Kxcbance yesterday:
Morninz Session.
600 Alta o»
1500 Belcher IS
200 Best & Belcher 22
200 Chollar 2»
400 Con Cal & V.I 62' i
800 Con Cal & Va..l 60
500 Crown Point... 14.
200 Crown Point... 15!
300 Gould & Curry tV
500 Occidental IS
400 Ophir 61
1500 Ophir 61)
500 Overman 2^>
70) Potosi 28
400 Sierra Nevada. 4»
2<X> Sierra Nevada. 43
300 Union Con 27
200 Utah 10
500 Yellow Jacket.. 11
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & Va..l 60 500 Ophir »
150 Con Cal & V.I 57'-i »J Overman 20
2(">0 Con Imperial... 01 200 Potosi XI
31*) Gould & Curry 24 200 Potosi 26
200 Gould & Curry 23 10CO Silver Hill 15
COO Gould & Curry 22 500 Silver Hill 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. April 23—4 p. m
Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04
Alta 03 05
Andes 03 10
Belcher 17 18
Best & Belcher 20 21
Bullion 02 04
Caledonia 1 20 1 30
Chollar 23 24
Challenge Con. IS 20
Confidence SO 86
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 €0
Con Imperial... — 02
Con New York — 04
Eureka Con — 50
Crown Point... 14 13
Exchequer 02 03
Gould & Curry 22 23
Hale & Norc... 34 37
Julia — W
Bid. Ask.
Justice 03 01
Kentuck — 02
Lady Wash.... — 05
Mexican 23 3i
Occidental 11 13
Ophlr 63 5a
Overman 19 21
Potosl 26 28
Savage 09 10
Scorpion 02 —
Seg Belcher 02 04
Sierra Nevada. 42 43
Silver Hill 1* IS
St Louis — 12
Standard 3 23 3 £»
Syndicate — W
Union Con 23 26
Utah *« 1"
Yellow Jacket.. 23 H
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange about the same.
Wheat lozver. Other cereals unchanged.
Hay, Beans and Feed stuffs quiet and unaltered.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Eggs firmer under lighter receipts.
Xo change in Butter and Cheese.
Poultry nominal and cleaned up.
"Strawberries and Cherries lower. Other fruits unchanged.
Provisions no higher.
Hides, Wool and Hops as before.
Sugar marked dou'n.
Local stocks and bonds very dull.
with unsatisfactory cables, closing easy at
$4 <!24<g:4 72^4. Lead continues unchanged at
J4 67% bid and $4 72V4 asked. Lake Copper was
dull and nominally unchanged on the basis or
Jl7. Pig iron warrants were nominally quoted
at $15<S'16 and weak in tone. Iron. Northern
No. .1 foundry, at ?21@22. The brokers price
for lead was $4 45 and for copper $17 25.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, April 23.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat
Saturday, April 21, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 54,886,000 fSi'SX
Corn 24.114.000 oit-JiS
Oats 7.013.000 J " > £S
Rye 1.279.000 • ¦¦ o-.UW
Barley 1,063.000 192,000
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 23.— Consols, 100 13-16; sliver.
27% d; French rentes. lOlf 2',4c; cargoes on pas
sage, white easy, red quiet; English country
markets, part Cd-cheaper; import into United
Kingdom, wheat, 299.000; Import Into United
Kingdom, flour, 231.0C0.
LIVERPOOL. April 23.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California, Gs 4'>dQ>C6 sd; French coun
try markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 13-32 d.
I CLOSING.
WHEAT- Spot— Dull; No. 1 California. 6s
4!4<l?j6s sd; No. 2 red Western winter, us HHd.
Futu res— Quiet; Anril, nominal; May, 5s 8?id;
July, ;.s B%d.
CORN— Spot— Steady; American mixed new,
4s Ufcd. Futures— Quiet; May. <s ftd; July,
3s ll>4d; September. 3s ll%d-
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., April 23.— Exchanges. $453,
613; balances, {54.318.
Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 23.— Nearly all of the ex
porters were out of the market to-day and the
few who ventured a quotation did not care to
KO much above 52c for Walla Walla and about
the same for valley.
Cleared— British bark Inverness-shlre, for
Queenstown. with 137.337 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 23.— Wheat— Nominally un
changed; bluestem, 55% c; club. S3V4c; both for
export.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£* OF £*
50 HEAD DRAUGHT, BUSINESS
and DRIVING HORSES,
BROKE AND UNBROKE.
Also 19 Head of Well-Broke
SADDLE HORSES,
Consigned by Clark Cr Cox. Sncramsnts
XL. Ranch. t« he sod
THURSDAY. APRIL 26. 13C0.
At 11 a. m.. at
SALESYARD. 1732 MARKET ST., CORNEP.
VAN NESS AYE.
Horses now at yard.
CHAPE & MENDENHALL.
• Successors to Kll'.lp & Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
NEW YORK, April 23.— With the exception
of tin and spelter the markets for metals were
Foreign Futures.
Nczv'York Metal Market
ARRIVED.
Monday. April 23.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson. 30 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Tlllamook. Hughes, S3 hours frcra Tllla
mook. •
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. 63 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Newsboy. Walvlg, 13 hour* from UsaL
Stmr Westport. Ericsson, 63 hours frcia New
port (S).
Stmr St Paul, Hays, S7 hours fronx Oyiter
Harbor, vta Port Townsend 75 hours.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Impossible. Low. 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Fortuna. Luberg, 32 hours from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Monday. April 23.
Stmr City of Puebla. Thomas. Saa Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Smith. Kahulu!; Alexander
& Baldwin. _. \
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen. Hasa; Cha»
Nelson.
SAILED
Monday. April 23.
Stmr Dora. Thomas. Seattle.
Stmr State of California. Gage. Astoria.
¦ Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen, Eureka,
Stmr City of Puebla. Thomas. San piegi
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. BctmtttM Landing.
Stmr Alcazar, Facerlund. -.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson. .
U S stmr lowa, Goodrich, beat tie.
Ship Servia. Gilmore. Itnstol Bay.
Schr Sparrow. Dart. Eureka,
Schr Monterey. Heck. COO 9 Bay.
MOSCKLLA N EOL S.
HONOLULU. April H-N'or *>"* Fortuua*
from Newcastle. Aus. at this port is on fire.
Discharging cargo as quick as possible. Dam
ar <ftmr Lacuna. previously reported a»hor« la
the Trealef" at TiKamook. is a total low.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 23, 10 p. m— "Weather
iny-gj »jgj
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April 23— Br «hlj>
rh-irn^ion for Valparaiso; Br stmr Athenian,
for Seattle: ship Emiiy Ree^d. for Tacoma; Br
bark Cotesworth. for Tacoma.
FoRT isRAGH-Arrlved ADrtl 23— Stmr Na
tlnnal City, hence April 22.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed April a— Schr La
rMrrmde lor Redondo.
SOUTH 13 END- Arrived April 23— Stmr Ri
val hence Acril 19.
El-REX \-Sailed April 23— Stmr North Fork,
for" «an Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro: stmrs Sunol and Del Norte.- for San
* ASTORIA— Sailed April 23— Br stmr Belgian
I King for San Diego; Br ship Thornllebank. for
Queenstown; stmr Columbia, for San Fran-
Cl Arrived Aprn I3 — stmr Geo w Elder, hence
A SeaTTLE— Arrived April 22— Stmr Excelsior,
from Kadlalc; stmr Dirigo, from Dyea: Ger
stmr Milos. from Port Townsend: ichr Annie
M Camobell. from Port Townsend.
Sailed Acril 22— Stmr Farallon. for Dyea.
April 23— Ship Lucile. for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KILRUSH— Arrived April 21— Br bark Kirk
cudbrightshire, from Oregon.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aoril 21— Stmr City of
Pekine. for San Francisco.
FA LMOUTH— SaiIed April 22— Ger ship Adolf,
for Runvorn: Br ship Benlcia. for Hull.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 22— Br ship
Alcinous. for Dublin: Er ship Kelat. for
Shields: Br ship Leyland Brothers, for Fleet
wood: Br shtD Sierra Miranda, for Limerick;
Br ship Crown of Germany, for Hull.
ANTWERP— SaiIed April 21— Ger bark For
tuna. for Puget Sound.
HONOLULU— Arrived April 11— Stmr Austra
lia, hence A-irtl 4.
Sailed April 11— U S stmr Grant, for Manila.
HANAMAULU— SaiIed April B— Stmr Charts
Nelson, hence March 30.
NEWCASTLE. Au*-Sailed March IS— Br ship
Elmhnrst. for San Franclsoo.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed April 21— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
UNALASKA — Arrived April 3— Nor »tnir
Hero, from Nanalmo.
OCEAN STEA3IERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 22— Stmr South
wark. from New York. .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 23— Stmr Domin
ion, from Portland, via Halifax: stmr Cevk-.
from New York; stmr Penniand. from Phila
delphia; stmr Etrurla, from New York.
TO 3AIL.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
THE SAN '¦¦ FRANCISCO CALL, 'TUESDAY,' ¦ APRIL 24, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey,
Time* and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sa.i
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur ni
the city front <Mlsslon-street wharf> abouc
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point -
the height of tide is the same at both places'
TUESDAY. APRIL. 2*.
NEW YORK, Apr!! 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
'5,447 barrels; exports, 11,751 barrels; moderately
active and nominally lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 77.700 bushels; exports,
55,232 bushels. Spot— Easy; No. 2 red. 7SUc
f. o. b. ;_No. 2 red. 75V&C elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 75V4c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1,
hard Duluth, 77<4c f. o. b. afloat. Options—
w ere weak pretty much all day. Influenced by
rosier Enzlish markets, a break in corn and
till provisions, splendid crop and foreign seed-
Ing. Liquidation of May wheat was also a
feature. The market closed easy at Vie to y>c
net decline. May. 72 3-16fi>7l%c, closed 72Uc;
July. 72 *-1«C©72%<% closed 72% c; September,
<2\G73c. closed IV/kC
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Rio spot, quiet; No. 7 Invoice. 8c;
Jobbing, Bi,4c; Cordova. 9«4®134c. Futures
closed steady at a net decline of 5 to 15
points. Total sales, 14.000 bass, including:
May. i 6 SCKjC S5; September. $6 90®6 95; October.
t6 !>Q!S6 95: November, 16 95; December, $7 20®
7 2.">; January. J7 20.
SUGAR— Haw, steady; fair refining-, 3 15-16 c;
centrifugal. S»6 test, 4»£c; molasses surar, 3sic;
refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3044 packages; steady.
Western creamery. 15>A@lSc; factory, 13@lSc.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,200 packages; Irregular.
Storace Western at mark, 12-\®l3c; regular
pueking-, 12<312Hc at mark.
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading In evaporated apples was almost en
tirely of a hand-to-mouth order. Prices were
fully sustained, however, on absence of sellers
and the prospects of lighter receipts for the
week. The undertone of the market at the
close was about steady. California dried fruits
were dull but about steady at nominally un
changed Drices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
fHG&o; prime, E»4@6c; choice, 7@7V*c; fancy,
7H#Sc <•
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3\4@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13«?15c; Moorpark, 15@lSc.
PEACHES-Peeled. .18@22c; unpeeled, 7fc@9c.
Charters.
The Forthtaflk l^ads wheat at Pertl«r,4 for
rurcpe, 40s; Charles Cotesworth. vilie.it at
Tacorra for Europe. 40?— option of Cape Town.
"The EldeveM loads lumber on the Sound for
Shanghai.
Weather Report.
firo Meridian— Faclflc Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. April 23— 5 p. m.
The fo&OWtaf are the seasonal rainfalls to
tile as compared with those cf same date last
«-a?en and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
Last Tb!» Last
Stations— "* ttouri. Season. Seascn.
rureka ».« . «.«S 1Z.17 1
Red Bluff 0.00 21. Tl W.|T
Facranicnto 0.00 17J2 13.M
Fan Francisco 0.00 lS.lf* I5:«l
Frffno 0.00 T.S3 6.76 \
Independence 0.00 2. 79 1.1 l
.San Luis Oblspo 0.00 15. 52 14.77
Urn Ar.geles 0.00 6.0* 4.7H
Hen Diego 0.00 1.64 4.5S
ytmi fl.<M 0.3 1-34
fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
CS: minimum. 50; mean. 59.
UEATIIER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area c' high pressure overlies the north- !
crn portion cf the Pacific P!oj>e. A depression
Of the fumrcfr type overlies California.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains, excej.t in Utah and Arizona. The tem
perature ha* risen about S degrees in the past
twenty-four hours in the San Joaquin and Sac
rsmfnto valleye.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Baker City. £0 miles from the north:
liureka. 24 from the west; Independence, SO
fr~m the northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 2<:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, with fog
al^ng the coast in tire morning; fresh northerly
winds.
¦Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair: warmer Tuesday.
Utah— Fair: warmer Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair; warmer Tuesday.
San Franolx-o arid vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
m-ith fos in th» morning and in the afternoon:
JlXht northerly, (.hanging to brisk westerly
winds. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official.
THE STOCK MARKET.
8
New York Grain and Produce
Sun, Moon and Tide.
AKTICLA.S.
Open. Hlsh.l L«qw. Close
Wheat No. 2—
April
May
July
September
.! .! 64T1
65»i GSHI 64"i 65
C 6% 66*4 CO** 66--X
. 67Vi! 67%, 67* 67?
Corn No. 2—2 —
April
May
July
September
. 37-H
35% 35% 37% 37Ti
. ¦ 331,4 Z*% 3SVj| 3SM
Zii% 40 39% 39»i
Oats No. 2—
May
July
September
22^4 22% 22H 22*j
23 23 22\ 23
22 22H 22 • 22
T
Mess I'ork, bbl —
May
July
Lard, 100 lbs—
May
July
September
.12 50 12 50 12 23 12 43
.12 62% 12 75 12 37Vi 12 VIM
. 6 S2\i 6 92>4 675 6 92^
. 6 92Vis 7 02V4 6 82H 7 02V:
. 700 705 6 87Vi 705 '
Short Ribs. 100 lbs—
May
July
September
. 6 S2V£ 6 S7V4 670 655
. 6 82% «90 6 72Vi 690
. 6 82% 6 85 6 67« 6 83
ARTICLES. . I
lltccelpts.
Shlpm"ts.
Flour, barrels
Wheat, bushels
Corn, bupheln
Oats, bushels :
Rye, bushels
Barley, bushels
17.000
39,000
211,000
165,000
2,000
23.000
15.000
307.000
1.115.000
325.000
6.000
23.000
2 i
? i
Time
Ft.
L. W
Tlmej
H W
' Ft.
Time!
ETwj
I Time |
Ft. i
|H Xt\
Ft.
I
2* ...
25 ...
29 ...
27 ...
2S ...
*» ...I
39 ...
I i.
. 1:M 2.0|
. 2:04 1.3
. 1:53 O.«i
. 3:431 0.1
. 4:32:-0.4
, 5:21[— 0.7!
. •:10i — o.B|
i I
1 7:03 !
«:1S(
I 9:2«!
! 10:28
11:24
! 12:191
I 1:14!
4.7
4.S
: 4.9
5.0!
5.0
4.9
4.8|
1:11
2:05
2:02
! 3:36
4:20'
5:031
I 5:47-
1.0) 7:59 i
1.3 8:401
1.6 9:20 l
1.9! 10:0O(
2.31 10:401
2.8! U:23|
2.9f
5.4
5.3
8.9
81
6.3
8.2
SUamer. I From. |
I Due.
f
Del N«rte 'Portland ]
Coon Bay [Newport «...|
City of RJo J... China and Japan
Australia. 'Honolulu I
St. Paul (Oyster Harbor ]
Corona iSan Die*o I
Tellus j Oyster Harbor _.._..|
Columbia ..'. I Portland
Crescent City.. .'Crescent City .
Bristol 'Oyster Harbor.....
Newbure [Grays Harbor
Robt. AdamsonNanalmo ..........
Empire Coos Bay.-
Bonlta Newport
Point Arena Point Arena :
Samoa Humboldt
Upr. ti
.|Apr. 24
.Apr. x*
lApr. 24
[Apr. 2t
lApr. ?»
!Apr. «
Apr. 2S
Apr. 23
. Apr. 25
Apr. 21
Apr. I*
. Apr. 2*
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Queen Victoria & Pu*et Sound
Curacao (Mexico
Pomona ! Humboldt
I Apr. C 7
Apr. 27
.Apr. 27
G. W. Klder.... I Portland
Matteawan !Tacoma
Wellington iOyster Harbor....
I< Maiiscal ! Manzanlllo I
City of Puebla.' Victoria & Puget Sound
State of Cal [Portland ;
Octavia IHamburs
Acapulco 'Panama
Arcata |Coos Bay
North Fork iHumboldt
Coos Bay tNewport
.Apr. :?
.Apr. X
• Apr. :<?
.(Apr. 2i
I'Apr. !">
.(Apr. 3>
.Apr. 3>
.Apr. 3>>
.Apr. 39
.May I
.iMay 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Tlllamook . TlUaraook Apr. 24. I
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 24. J pmiPler 9
Aloha Crescent City. Apr. 24. 3 pm;Pler I
Coos Bay... Newport Apr. 25. »am;Pl#rU
Nip. Mara..lChlna&Japan Apr. 25. 1 pmPM33
Albion ICape Nome.... Apr. 23, IS mjPler V
Coqullle RvJGrays Harbor Apr. 25, 12 n»| J*
Arcata 'Coos Bay Apr. 23. 12 m Pier r>
Del Norte.. 'Oregon Ports. Apr. 28. lOamPler**
North Fork; Humboldt Apr. 28, 9am;Pler 2
X'matlUa ..'Vic & Pgt Sd. Apr. 28. WamPler 9
Corona |San Diego Apr. 27. 11 am|Pler 11
Columbia ..^Portland Apr. 2S, 10am;Pt»r2t
p eru IPanama 'Apr. 28. 12 mPMSS
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 2%. 2pm:Pler J
Bo'nlta (Newport Apr. 23. 9am:Plerll
Portland ...'Cape Nome.... Apr. 30, I
Samoa iHumbotdt I Apr. 30. lf> amPler 13
Queen Ivic & Pgt SdJMay 1. lOamlPler 9
Santa Rosa San Dte*o IXlay 1. 11 am j Pier 11
State of CalPortland iMay 3. 10 am Pier 21
AKTICLA.S.
Open. Hlsh.l L«qw. Close
Wheat No. 2—
April
May
July
September
.! .! 64T1
65»i GSHI 64"i 65
C 6% 66*4 CO** 66--X
. 67Vi! 67%, 67* 67?
Corn No. 2—2 —
April
May
July
September
. 37-H
35% 35% 37% 37Ti
. ¦ 331,4 Z*% 3SVj| 3SM
Zii% 40 39% 39»i
Oats No. 2—
May
July
September
22^4 22% 22H 22*j
23 23 22\ 23
22 22H 22 • 22
T
Mess I'ork, bbl —
May
July
Lard, 100 lbs—
May
July
September
.12 50 12 50 12 23 12 43
.12 62% 12 75 12 37Vi 12 VIM
. 6 S2\i 6 92>4 675 6 92^
. 6 92Vis 7 02V4 6 82H 7 02V:
. 700 705 6 87Vi 705 '
Short Ribs. 100 lbs—
May
July
September
. 6 S2V£ 6 S7V4 670 655
. 6 82% «90 6 72Vi 690
. 6 82% 6 85 6 67« 6 83
ARTICLES. . I
lltccelpts.
Shlpm"ts.
Flour, barrels
Wheat, bushels
Corn, bupheln
Oats, bushels :
Rye, bushels
Barley, bushels
17.000
39,000
211,000
165,000
2,000
23.000
15.000
307.000
1.115.000
325.000
6.000
23.000
2 i
? i
Time
Ft.
L. W
Tlmej
H W
' Ft.
Time!
ETwj
I Time |
Ft. i
|H Xt\
Ft.
I
2* ...
25 ...
29 ...
27 ...
2S ...
*» ...I
39 ...
I i.
. 1:M 2.0|
. 2:04 1.3
. 1:53 O.«i
. 3:431 0.1
. 4:32:-0.4
, 5:21[— 0.7!
. •:10i — o.B|
i I
1 7:03 !
«:1S(
I 9:2«!
! 10:28
11:24
! 12:191
I 1:14!
4.7
4.S
: 4.9
5.0!
5.0
4.9
4.8|
1:11
2:05
2:02
! 3:36
4:20'
5:031
I 5:47-
1.0) 7:59 i
1.3 8:401
1.6 9:20 l
1.9! 10:0O(
2.31 10:401
2.8! U:23|
2.9f
5.4
5.3
8.9
81
6.3
8.2
SUamer. I From. |
I Due.
f
Del N«rte 'Portland ]
Coon Bay [Newport «...|
City of RJo J... China and Japan
Australia. 'Honolulu I
St. Paul (Oyster Harbor ]
Corona iSan Die*o I
Tellus j Oyster Harbor _.._..|
Columbia ..'. I Portland
Crescent City.. .'Crescent City .
Bristol 'Oyster Harbor.....
Newbure [Grays Harbor
Robt. AdamsonNanalmo ..........
Empire Coos Bay.-
Bonlta Newport
Point Arena Point Arena :
Samoa Humboldt
Upr. ti
.|Apr. 24
.Apr. x*
lApr. 24
[Apr. 2t
lApr. ?»
!Apr. «
Apr. 2S
Apr. 23
. Apr. 25
Apr. 21
Apr. I*
. Apr. 2*
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Queen Victoria & Pu*et Sound
Curacao (Mexico
Pomona ! Humboldt
I Apr. C 7
Apr. 27
.Apr. 27
G. W. Klder.... I Portland
Matteawan !Tacoma
Wellington iOyster Harbor....
I< Maiiscal ! Manzanlllo I
City of Puebla.' Victoria & Puget Sound
State of Cal [Portland ;
Octavia IHamburs
Acapulco 'Panama
Arcata |Coos Bay
North Fork iHumboldt
Coos Bay tNewport
.Apr. :?
.Apr. X
• Apr. :<?
.(Apr. 2i
I'Apr. !">
.(Apr. 3>
.Apr. 3>
.Apr. 3>>
.Apr. 39
.May I
.iMay 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Tlllamook . TlUaraook Apr. 24. I
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 24. J pmiPler 9
Aloha Crescent City. Apr. 24. 3 pm;Pler I
Coos Bay... Newport Apr. 25. »am;Pl#rU
Nip. Mara..lChlna&Japan Apr. 25. 1 pmPM33
Albion ICape Nome.... Apr. 23, IS mjPler V
Coqullle RvJGrays Harbor Apr. 25, 12 n»| J*
Arcata 'Coos Bay Apr. 23. 12 m Pier r>
Del Norte.. 'Oregon Ports. Apr. 28. lOamPler**
North Fork; Humboldt Apr. 28, 9am;Pler 2
X'matlUa ..'Vic & Pgt Sd. Apr. 28. WamPler 9
Corona |San Diego Apr. 27. 11 am|Pler 11
Columbia ..^Portland Apr. 2S, 10am;Pt»r2t
p eru IPanama 'Apr. 28. 12 mPMSS
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 2%. 2pm:Pler J
Bo'nlta (Newport Apr. 23. 9am:Plerll
Portland ...'Cape Nome.... Apr. 30, I
Samoa iHumbotdt I Apr. 30. lf> amPler 13
Queen Ivic & Pgt SdJMay 1. lOamlPler 9
Santa Rosa San Dte*o IXlay 1. 11 am j Pier 11
State of CalPortland iMay 3. 10 am Pier 21BAY AND RIVER STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello.'* - -
MON . Tues., Wed., Tnur?. and Sat. at 9:43
a. in.; 1:15. 8:30 P- m. («. Thurs. sight); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sunday*. 10:30 a. m., S
n m. Landing and office. Mission-straet Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
FARE Ma
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Poetcf3ce and Army Changes and
List cf Pensions Granted.
I3pecl*l li:f;,»trh to Th» Call.
.^iUN'GTON. April 23.— Reprcsenta-
live Waters to-day introduced in the
House a Lill appropriating $50,000 for the
• of a suitable light and tog
signal station at Point Dume, Los An
*.ti(s County, California.
Senator Perkins to-day presented an
menfiment intended to be proposed to the
r;*val appropriation bill authorizing the
Prestdenc to appoint at large annually six
apprentice* in the r.avy, three from the
Atlantic aiid three from the Pacific Coast.
Senator Perkins has b«?en taking particu
lar Interest in th* work of the naval train
ing ftntions and is anxious that the de
tf-rvirf poor boys, without rp*»cial politi
cal inr.u<;r.«. r.-.ar have a chance by the
< hoice of the President of entaring the
naval Forvic*.
The postodce at Oeette, Clallam County,
"Waj-h., ha* been discontinued. Mail
ehouid be «"»nt to Royal.
Charles McKlnnon 1* appointed Post
rr.a?t*r at Black Diamond. King County,
\Vii«h.. virp T. Thomas, decrasfci.
Major Morris C. Foot*. Ninth United
6tau-* Infantry, will upon the expiration
«,f his «;rk !*ave. May 1 proceed to San
FrHnrirco and report to the commanding
pfp.rra; of the Department of California
for further orders.
T. \V. Hubbard of Ban Francisco was to
d.-Ty admitted to practice before the Su
pmne < "our*. '
Th<* Comptroller of the Currency has ap
provod thp Wej-tprn National Bank of
>">¦**- York a!« Kti-n-e agent for the First
KatSoca] Hank of San Jose. Cal.
Iho contract for carrying mail from
SiFter to Em*>ry. Or., has been awarded
to W. E. Oaypool of Sister.
Pensions— California: Original— Anton
E. Belth. Jamestor-n. J6. Increase—%\il
liarc F. Tat*. Ist* An*reles. SS to %H; Hiram
J. Warner. Alturas. *S to fl 1 ); Kdward A.
Young. Re<MinK. *5 to $10; David H. Grif
fith. S .nta Monica. i% to $10.
Wafh.r.rton: Increase — G^orjte T.
Mayo*. Mabton. $5 to $$. War with Spain,
widow?, etc.— Hattie Se*ur. Walla Walla,
112.
Oreprr.: Original— Charts Sherbordy,
Flcrcn- <-. %*,. Increase— Charles Rcss,
Oregror. City. $« to $10.
MILLIONAIRE IN CUSTODY.
George W. Hull May Have to Answer
the Charge of Perjury.
KEW YORK, April a.— George W. Hull,
the ml'iior.alre mine owner of Arizona,
•who is wanted by the Rhode Island au
thorities for alleced perjury In connection
with the *uit of nis wife for divorce, was
rrrnand>-d to th»> custody of a detective
to-day. The matter of his extradition will
rcm* u;i brfnr* Governor Roosevelt at Al
bany to-morrow.
Killed in a Wreck.
SAVT LAKH. Utah. April S3.— Rio
Grande Western train No. 1 ran into an
open switch at the Portland Cement
Works In the city limit* this afternoon,
piling «£> the 4»ngine. trnder and seveinl
crte. William Konold. tl;« engineer, at
? t-mpled to c«vf hlm«*lf fey Jumping, but
feil und^r the wheels and was Instantly
killed. None of the pas**n(?er« «-«r« In
jured. ¦
Suicide of a Young Woman.
WATSONVILLE. Ap«Il 23.— Mrs. Rosa
Brown, who lived on a small farm in
Green Valley, about seven miles from
Vatsonvllle. shot herself *t her home yes
terday afternoon. Sb* was a woman
¦ bout SO years of ap*. She' leaves** hus
band and"tbre« young children.
IRISH NATIONALISTS
ENJOY AN OUTING
Hany Valuable Prizes Distributed at
the Knights of Tara Picnic and
Excursion.
Th« v-'ffht? of Tara belfl an enjoyable
picric and oxcur?lon en Sunday at Sunset
Park, in the S.inta Cruz Mountains. Two
trail- load? of pleasure seekers spent the
day in dancing and romping among the
big tree*. All ports of games were in
<3uljrf<s in and valuable prizes were «is-
UifaUted to the lucky ones. Folio-wing is
a list of the niccepsful competitors:
Tlarc for rirls tinker 14— Firn prize. F&nay
O;i5; teSQBd j-nze. M:?* Kflttor.
DoTf un.if-r W— Tint rrlze. Harold Lyons;
6fcir:-1 vrizc. Richard South.
<ii;» itam-U to 15— rim priz-. M!*=« 1 Kellap.
li-ys Ir-m 14 to :< -First rr!z*. Mart* Hig-
Ktri.-: eercni prin>. Edward Krow.
V. unir mm 1 ? rac«— Firi-t prize. Frank Sulli
van; ¦ncocd rriz»\ J. It. Kelly.
Y->une la^ii^s' rare— First priz*. Ella. Crosby;
perend jnz*. Alice Hcran.
Marri*-<J ladies" rare— First prize, Mrs. Greely;
second rrin', Mrs. J. Madden.
llarri^ii men • rare- Firrt rriM. J- Ry««;
»econ'J :>rize. E<!war<l M>kel.
C inunittc«*a rare— Fir^t c*"iz«. n. j. Con
rv :;:¦ ¦; 5!-rrnd prize. Jarnen S. Mullen.
Fr.t ::<¦ lie?' rare— Fir?t prize, M:?s F*i?h»r; tec
oo4 ir:r». Mif» McOeary.
Fat m»ne race— First prize, P. l>jrnch: pec
r.D'i : r.z* fL Han<lolrh.
Members' ra^e— First rns*", T. D. 'Watson;
MC«»4 rrizp. Jne Hersion.
is^e t*tween Wolfe Tone Club and Knißtite
rf the lied Branch — First prize, J. Ryan; **c
cn<l rr: T . James R. Kelly.
One hundred eate prires were also dis
tributed. It is eptimatPd that more than
¦•" people took part in fhe reunion, and
t.-f affair wj? a complete success.
and spectacular, the disagreeable features
of the traditional rush having been elim
inated by faculty rule. As soon as the
classes clashed the struggle was divided
into individual flghtF. two or threo of one
class attempting to tie up their opponents.
In 27 minutes from the blast of the bugle
the freshmen had tied up the entire so
phomore class and piled them near the
cinder path fence.
There were many humorous incidents
connected with the contest.
The officials were Professor Magee and
Messrs. Cloud, Miller, Wolf. Aitken, Sel
by. Peck, Drum, Hill, Beck. Griffin, Allen.
Bangle. Fisher, Alexander, Chain and
Howard.
WAITER IS KILLED
BY BERKELEY TRAIN
OAKLAND. April 23.— Fred Rodgers. a
waiter, who was until recently employed
in the Bay State restaurant, on Stockton
street, San Francisco, was killed this
morning while trying to board the Berke
ley local train as it was pulling out of
the Sixteenth-strert depot. The unfortu
nate man was struck in the back and at
the base of the skull by the steps of the
rear coach and received injuries from
which he died two hours later, after being
removed to the Receiving Hospital.
Rodgers had been living with a friend
named Richard Swain at the Melbourne
House, on Fifth street, San Francisco.
The two came acro«s the bay this morn
ing with the intention of going to Sacra
mento. When they reached the Sixteenth
street depot Rodgera suddenly changed
his mind and tried to board the Berkeley
train to return to the metropolis. He
came from Bangor, Me., where his family
resides.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Monday, April 23.
£tmr Cooe Bay, Fhea, 50 hours from N»w
port and way port*;
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKRLKY— SaiIed Aorll 23-Br ship
Elizabeth Nicholson, for Shanghai*
DEWEY IN FURTHER
TROUBLE AT CHICAGO
Dance in His Honor May Be Called
Off' Because He Has Promised
to Attend AnotheT.
Sp«dal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 23.— 1t developed to
night that Hobart Chatfield-Taylor, chair
man of the committee having In charge
the arrangements for the Dewey Day ball
to be given at the Auditorium on the night
of May 30, Is in trouble. He learned to
day that an enterprising "dance pro
moter" has rented the First Regiment
Armory, and ur*ier the auspices of the
Naval Reserve Veteran Association pro
poses to give a rival ball. He has flooded
the town with mvltatlons which are re
productions as to appearance, at least, of
the Invitations sent out by the Chatneld-
Taylor comnHttee. and has billed the levee
district like a circus with advertisements
of his ball, which Bet forth that Admiral
and Mrs. Dewey will grace the occasion
with their presence, all for $1 per ticket.
Chatfleld-Taylor declares to-night that
Admiral Dewey must promise he will not
attend the Naval Reserve ball or the big
fashionable function at the Auditorium
will not be given. The "dance promoter"
made a proposition to the Naval Associa
tion to give It $1000 in cash and to pay
certain debts for permission to give the
ball In Its name.
When Admiral Dewey was still in Ma
nila he was invited by the association to
be Its guest should he ever visit Chicago.
DIVES TO HIS DEATH
INTO A COKE OVEN
Unknown Man's Horrible Method of
Suicide at a Pennsylvania
Foundry.
CONNELLSVILLE, Pa., April 23.—
Leaping high into the air, as an expert
diver would in taking a fancy plunge Into
the water, an unknown man committed
suicide this morning at the foundry works
of the H. C. Frick Cok« Company by
diving into a coke oven.
For an instant the body clogged the
trunnel head and the legs wriggled as
though a desperate effort was being made
to squirm through and meet death quickly
in the blazing oven pit. A rush was made
for the oven pit by the horrified oven
drawers. All there was to show of th«
man who but a few seconds before had
been in life waa a charred mass of flesh
not three feet in length. There is noth
ing about it that could be used as a
means of identification. It will be burled
to-morrow.
Boyle on Trial.
Special DlJDatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL. April 23.— The second
trial of Patrick Boyle, charged with ar
son, was commenced to-day before Supe
rior Judge Angellottl. The greater part
of the day was taken up in selecting a
Death of Frederick Birdsall.
SACRAMENTO. April 23.— Frederick W.
Birdsall, a prominent and wealthy citizen
<jf this city, died at noon to-day. Deceased
was a director of the Sacramento Bank.
He had large property interests In Placer
County.
Suicide of Captain BollEn.
TACOMA. April 23.— Captain Bollen, a
wealthy and retired navigator, committed
pulclde this morning on a ranch on Fox
Island by blowtns off his head with a
shotgun. Despondency was the, causa.
_ • '
Must Be Hawaiian Citizens.
•WASHINGTON, April 23.— The confer
ees on the Hawaiian government bill
have agreed to that feature of the House
bill requiring that the Governor, Judges,
etc., shall be citizens of Hawaii.
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In aeeordance with tn« dlr»rtlons of th» RR-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTED that
delegated representatives of the Republican
Party from the several States assemble In Na-
tional Convention In th» city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the ISth
day of June. A. D. 1»00. at M o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nominating candidates for
the offic* of President and Vie* President of
the Ualted States, and for such other business
as may ba brought before eald convention: and
In accordance with the Instructions glvea by
raid National Committee, directing that th*
Congressional District delegates shall b« chosen
at a convention calltd by the Congressional
Committee of each said district. In th* same
'snanner as the nomination cf a Representative.
In Congrats is made In laid district; taerafore.
b» It
R«soTved. By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of said
State, that the Congressional Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of the State
of California are hereby adviged and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, te be held as hereinafter
provided, at which two delegates shall b«
chosen to represent each of such districts la
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to b* held as afor*»ald. and for th*
selection of two alterant* delegates, to act la
ease of the absene* of the delegates first chosen.
The salection of the delegates of th* Con-
gressional Convention shall b* under th* direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district. In accordance with th* call of th*
National Committee.
Provided. That the basis ci representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District:
provided, that where any Assembly District
•mbraces more than one county, there shall b«
on* delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In such - Assembly District,
and one delegate for each 200 votes cast for
Henry T. Gage. Republican candldat* for Gov-
ernor In IS3S. and one delegate for each frac-
tion of 1S«, votes or ov*r.
It Is further directed that the delegates
rhosen to th* Congressional Conventions shall
meet In Btate Convention *t the city of Saera-
me*ito, on TUESDAY, th* 15th day of May.
1900. at 1 o'clock p. m.. to select tour del»;at*«-
•t-larg* to th* NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION abov* mentioned, and four al-
ternate deJegates, to act In case th* del»rate*
selected be absent, for the election of a Stat*
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such further bu*lnes» as rr.ay b* brought be-
fore, th* said State Convention.
It Is further directed that wher» primary
election? are held the test for voters shall be:
"I believe In Republican principles and In-
dorse the Republican policy and th* admin-
: Istratlot of Prestdent McKlnlar. and Intend
Ito lopport the nominses of th* Republican
Party at the ensuing election."
It Is further directed that contents must b*
filed with th* Secretary of the Congressional
Ccmmltte* In writing, with a full statement
of the grounds of th* -content. nv» .days pre-
ceding the meeting of th# State convention.
All matters relating to such contest before th*
Congressional Committee, with said Commlt-
te«'§ determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of toe 14th
day of May. 1900.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEK «t San Frnncisco. April
, C X9OO. - E. C. HART. Secretary.
CAPTAIN CARTER LOSES
HIS LAST APPEAL
WASHINGTON, April 23.— 1n the Su
preme Court Chi«»f Justice Fuller handed
down the opinion of the court in the cas
of Captain Obeplin M. Carter, dismissing
his appeal from the decision of the Cir
cuit Court for the Southern District of
New York. The Chief Justice held that
no app«al could b« entertained by this
court, the appellant having exercised his
remedy of an appeal to the Circuit Court
of Appeals.
The effect of the decision is to leave in
force the decision of the Circuit Court
refusing to Interfere in the sentence of tha
court-martial which sentenced Carter to
five years' Imprisonment. Carter Is now
at Governors Island, awaiting the result
of this proceeding. The Solicitor General
asked that a mandate be issued immedi
ately in the case, but action was post
poned until to-morrow.
TURKISH GUNBOAT BLOWS UP.
Twenty-Three laves Lost in the Har-
bor of Beyrout.
CONSTANTINOPLE. April 23.— News
has just been received from Beyrout. Sy
ria, to the effect that the Turkish torpedo
boat Schamyl bl«w up In that harbor April
21. resulting in the loss of twenty-three
lives.
Big Price for a Horse.
NEW YORK, April 23.— The highest
price ever paid for a coach horse was re
corded to-day at the American Horse Ex
change, when William L. Elklns of Phila
delphia sold the gelding Red Cloud to
Thomas Lawson of Boston for $10,000.
SAYS WARDNER
PRISONERS WERE
WELL TREATED
General Merriam Was Solic
itous of the Men Placed
in the "Bull Pen."
Testimony Given at Inquiry by Bart
lett Sinclair, Who Was Special
Representative of Gov
ernor Steunenberg.
WASHINGTON. April 23.— At the Coeur
d'Aleno investjgation to-day hopes were
expressed that the inquiry would be
brought, to a close within the next ten
days or two weeks. It has now proceeded
nearly two months.
Bartlett Sinclair, who, as the represen
tative of Governor Steunenberg, was in
chief authority in the Coeur d'Alenes, tes
tified to-day that he did not seek the task
assigned him by the Governor, as he
knew the man who undertook it risked
his life. He said he had been in entire
sympathy with labor movements and
while in New York had supported Henry
George in his campaign for Mayor. Gov
ernor Steunenberg, he eald, was in the
hospital when he received telegrams in
dicating the coming danger in the Coeur
d'Alenes. The Governor sought Sinclair
and finally delegated him to go to the
ecene of tha trouble and take charge of
matters, reporting- information for the
guidance of the Governor. Sinclair left
on the day the mill was blown up.
The witness said Governor Steunenberg
instructed him to be very careful, to take
no action against labor organizations as
such, but to direct his efforts to prevent
ing disorder and riot. When h« took
charge he discovered that an armed and
masked mob had dynamited the Bunker
Hill mill, and that a reign of terror ex
isted, a/ though the country had been
racked by an army. There were two dis
tinct and recognised elemeot*. he said,
"the dynamiters" and the "Law and Or
der" element, and the neutral class out-
Fide of these two counted for nothing. Ho
saw groups of armed men, one of them
fifteen in number. It was impossible, he
paid, to eet in operation the courts or the
local offices. Accordingly, on hi« recom
mendation. Governor Steunenberg de
clared martial law. State deputies were
appointed and ordered to arrest those sus
pected of participating in the disorder.
General Merriam furnished a military
guard and an old warehouse, known as
the "bull pen." was temporarily used for
the detention of the prisoners.
The witness said General Merriam was
quite solicitous as to the welfare of the
prisoners, visiting them frequently, and
that on his request he (Sinclair) had an
other prison built. He said the other
United States officers and the soldiers
showed the same kindly feeling to the
prisoners, so much so that there was
some criticism of the fraternizing of the
soldiers and the prisoners. The perma
nent prison, he said, was as good as any
in the country.
FAMILY OF
SEVEN PERISH
IN THE FLOODS
Widespread Devastation Re
ported Throughout
Mississippi.
Situation About Mobile Is Hourly
Growing Worse, and Many
Country People Are Facing
Starvation.
?
JACKSON. Miss., April 23. -John Hor
ton, a negro, his wife and five children,
were drowned in the back waters of Pearl
River while trying to escape from the
flood. Their cabin had been inundated by
the high waters and the family was en
deavoring to escape in a wagon when the
vehicle fell through a broken bridge.
MOBILE, Ala.. April 23.— The flood sit
uation around Mobile shows a more des
perate condition to-day and every hour
the loss is growing greater. The Louis
ville and Nashville Railroad, which has
heretofore been free from any damage
and has been hauling the freight aryl pas
sengers of the Illinois Central and Mobile
and Ohio railroads for the past six days,
is now a sufferer also; the bridge over
West Pascagoula River, four miles from
Scranton. was washed away last night.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 23.— Pouring
rains continue throughout the flood dis
tricts of the South and the danger to lives
and property is becoming more grave. It
was thought Saturday that the crisis was
passed, but in many localities the rain is
falling with Increased violence. The flood
district is roughly bounded by a line
drawn from Mobile up the Tomblgbe*
River to the center of the State of Ala
bama, thence west through Jackson,
Miss., to the Mississippi River.
Thousands of people in the small water
bound towns of Mississippi are reported
on the brink of starvation.
NEW ORLEANS. Aoril 23.— 0n« of the
heaviest rntnptorms of the season occur
red here during the night and New Or
leans was flooded. To-day in the npper
and rear sections of the city rafts 'had to
be used to reach street cars.
He sent in reply an autograph letter in
which he promised, should be visit Chi
cago, he would gladly avail himself of
the opportunity to accept the Invitation.
On the strength of this letter the "dance
promoter" advertises the presence of the
admiral and his wife. The Chatfield-Tay
lor people have no objection to the ad
miral's being the guest of the Naval Vet
erans, but say the veterans, through
financial needs, have become the victims
of a money-making scheme, on the part of
the "danc**promoter.'" The Chatfield-Tay
lor committee does not believe Admiral
and Mrs. Dewey should be put upon ex
hibition hefore the mntley throng that
will be attracted to the First Regiment
Armory at Jl per head.
WASHINGTON REPUBLICANS
OPPOSED TO JAPANESE
Delegates to the National Convention
Meet at Tacoma and Pass
Resolutions.
TACOMA, Wash.. April 23.— The St*te
dehegates to the National Republican Con
vention, with the exception of F. C. Hay
field, met at the Hotel Tacoma this after
noon and completed an organization. E. C.
Ncufelder of Seattle was elected chair
man and Senator G. H. Baker was named
as national commltteeman; J. M. Ashton,
platform •ommlttee; Dr. L. M. Sims, cre
dentials committee; H. S. Conner, order of
business committee; Levi Ankeny, noti
fication to President and Vice President.
The following resolution wa« introduced
by Mr. Ankeny and unanimously adopted:
We favor such laws ¦« will result in the es
tablishment and maintenance of a strong mer
chant marine, so regulated and controlled by
Government supervision as to prevent extor
tionate anJ fluctuating rates for carriage and
all forms of discrimination and favoritism.
We favor the employment on these merchant
vessels of officers furnished by the Government
and «uch other regulations as will result In
maJclnar the merchant marine an aid to and
regulator of commerce In time of peace and
a powerful auxiliary, both to the army and
navy, in time of war.
General Ashton offered this resolution,
which was also adopted:
Whereas, This delegation, although entertain
ing feelings Of the utmost cordiality toward the
Japanese people in common with those of all
oth»r nations, views with disfavor the exces
sive Influx of Japanese Immigrants now enter
ing: th<? United States: and. whereas, we be
lieve that th* rights of American labor will be
oeriously Impaired unless our present immigra
tion laws are rendered more restrictive, and, if
necei«i>ary, prohibitory, be It, th*refore.
Resolved. That the members of this delega
tion do us* their united and Individual efforts
at the Republican National Convention, to be
held at Philadelphia, in June next, for the pur
pose of havlns inserted in the platform to b«
there adopted, a plank which will prohibit any
clars of Immigration which may prove a men
ate to American labor.
It was also resolved to use the utmost
efforts at Philadelphia for the promotion
of commercial relations between Pugct
Sound and Hawaii.
The delegation signed a telegram to
President McKinley urging the speedy ap
pointment of a stripping commissioner.
To-night the delegates were entertained
at dinner by General Ashton.
FOUL PLAY FEARED.
Frank Bowman Mysteriously Dis-
appears in Spokane.
SPOKANE, April 23.— Frank E. Bow
man, local manager of the Los Angeles
Wine House*, has mysteriously disap
peared and fears are entertained that he
has been made the victim of foul play.
He was last seen Sunday morning by his
sister. He went out to take a walk, prom
ising to return soon for breakfast. Since
then no trace of him can be discovered.
Investigations chows his cash accounts to
be straight. He was a prominent Mason
and members of that order are aiding ths
police in efforts to locate him.
University Professor Dead.
CHICAGO, April 23.— Professor Rene de
Poyen-Belllsle, instructor in Romance
philology at the University of Chicago,
was found dead to-day In his apartments.
He was at first supposed to have com
mitted suicide, a.9 physicians who were
called claimed to have found evidences of
poison, but later it was announced that
death was the result of heart disease.
Moore Sentenced.
Special Pl«r>atch to Th« Call
NAPA. April 23.— Robert Moore was to
day sentenced to serve four years in the
San Quentin Penitentiary for burglary.
Judge Ham pronounced the Judarnant.
Moore's crime wan that of entering the
office of the Nana Woolen Mills and tak
ing from the safe $S0 in money.
Prune Crops Damaged.
PORTLAND, Or., April 23.— Lats re
ports from the prune, districts of Oregon
and Washington indicate that the damage
to the prune crop by the frosts of the past
ten days will reach nearly half a million
dollars. -
Earthquake at Portland.
PORTLAND, Aprir23.-A slight earth
quake shock occurred in this city at 5
o'clock this morning. No damage is re
ported.
"COUNT" DE LAUTREC IS
UNABLE TO FURNISH BAIL
Swindler Held by the Chicago Author
ities Pending a Warrant From
Canadian Police.
CHICAGO, April 23.— Police Irispectnr
Hartnett, acting on telegraphic advices
1 from the Canadian police, to-day took out
fugitive warrants for Count de Lautrec.
This afternoon the prisoner was taken
before Justice Martin and a continuance
granted in his cape until May 2. when it
is expected the Canadian police will have
a representatjve on hand at fhe hearing.
Bail w«s toWlay fixed at J.WVI, but the
prisoner was unable to furnish it and wnp
ngaJn locked up.
The Bank of Nova Pcotls has brought
pult in the Superior Court against the
count for the recovery of $1V«) alleged to
be due the bank. County de Lautrec is
a]«o named in. the papers filed as M. Cap
tano. The affidavit accompanying the
summons Ptates that the defendant is in
delated to thp bank of Nova Scotia in the
sum of $750. the amount of damages asked
being customary in such cases in excess
of the actual debt. An attachment was
issued by the court against Count de
Lautrec and the Union National Bank,
whern the defendant in said to have a de
posit.
CHARITY BAZAAR IS
BLESSED BY ARCHBISHOP
Cardinal Richard of Paris Presides at
the Opening of the Caitellano
Salesrooms.
PARIS. April 23.— The salesrooms for the
charity bazaars erected by the Count and
Counters de Castellane were Inaugurated
to-day and bl-ssed by Cardinal Richard,
the Archbishop of Paris. The building,
which is a very fine structure, is situated
in the Rue Plerren Charron, an offshoot of
the Champs Elysees.
Count Boni fie Castellane received Car
dinal Richard under the porch and con
ducted him to a throne erected at the end
of the hall as one of Wapner's marches
was played by a Ftrlng orchestra. The
Cardinal then pronounced the benediction.
•
OSSIPIED MAN DEAD.
Joseph McMullen, Well-Knoxm Freak
of Nature, Passes Away.
CHAMPAIGN. 111., April 23.— Joseph
MeMullefi, known to physicians as "the
ossified man," di»d to-day. When six
yenra eld McMullen received an injury to
one of his leg Joints. The hijury was
communicated to other Jointkin his body,
which one by one became .*tiff and im
movable, and for eleven years McMullen
had been perfectly rlfrid and unable to
ppeak, thoutrh retaining hk= mental facul
ties. Hlb weight was between 25 and 33
pounds, though he was tall enough to
hAve wrlphed from 150 to IGO pounds. Tha
case was pronounced by mealcal men aa
"tuberculosis of the. bones."
Passes Worthless Checks.
BAKERSFIRLD. April 23.— Various peo
ple throughout the State have been vic
timized recently by a swindler who has
selected the K<rn Valley Bank to draw
upon. Some half dozen worthless checks
hay« been received at. the bank lately,
and in each instance the signer of the
check appeared as the manager of an oil
company. th» Initials of which were
given. He has given a different name to
himself each tim* and has nlxo changed
the mark of the company. He has been
Cha?e. Cole. Parke. etc.. and managed the
N. N'.. P. O. .'in<l S. T. M. These com
panies, are. of course, purely mythical.
The same* method has been ndopted each
time and the penmanship indicates that
the same person did the writing. The
places worked have bf-en Kern City, Los
Angeles. San Francisco. Auburn and
Stockton, and the amounts for which the
checkp have been drawn range from 135
to $300.
Cut His Throat
Special D(*i>ate>i to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. April 23.— Carl Justice,
a well known Butter County young man,
attempted suicide lai«t night at the Blevin
home nrar Ea*t Uutte by cutting his
throat with a pocbet-krrlfe. The dullness
of the blade prevented fatal injury. Fri
fiay he startod for Tonnpjfce, but re
turned unexpectedly yesterday, when he
showed signs of insanity. H* brought his
each, about J6OO, ajid his railroad ticket
home with him.
Test of Automobiles.
LONDON, April 23.— About seventy-five
motor care of all oorts and sizes started
from the Hyde Park corner this morning
on a trial Journoy of a thousand miles to
Edinburgh and return under the auspices
of the Automobile Club. Ths trial is not
Intended as a race, but as a te!«t of the
utility and strength of the vehicles. "Phou
eands of persons witnessed th« procession,
which was followed by hundred* of cy
cliPt*.
OCEAN TBAVZL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leare Broadway
*w wharf. San Francisco:
t*JV«-_ For Alaskan ports— l 3 a. m..
VySfSiV April *1, 2S; May 1. Chan«<»
repP^iQglS to company's stsamers at Se-
l*MSrl VIU for Victoria. Vancouver (P.
fjfeC^yQi C), Port TowTisend. Seattle.
/*"fi&2"*A'sAt Tacoma. rTv»r«»*t. Anarortes
>£mH and New Wbateom (Wash.)—
"*i 10 a. m.. April «. M: May I
and erery fifth day thereafter: chaag« at Se-
attle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. _?
For Eureka. Humboldt Pay— W a. nv. April
«. »; May 4 and «very fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ueos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). QavlotJi.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedm.
Kast San Pedro (Los Anyeles) and Newport—;*
a. m.. April 21. 23. »: May 4 and every fourth
day thereafter. _ ll ' *' .
For San r>l»et>. ptofpJnc only at Port Harfor<l
(Fan Luis OMbdo). Santa Barbara. Port Ix>s
Angles and Redondo iLos Ansreles>— ll a. nv.
April 23. 27; May 1 and «very fourth day there-
* For Ensenafla. Mardalena Bay. San Jo M del
Cabo. Mazatlan Altat3. La Pas. Santa Roaalt*
and Ouaymas (Mrxlco)— li> a. m.. .th of each
month.
For further Information obtala company »
Tr,»" company reserves the rl*ht t<> chanro
rteair.ers. mailing dates and hours cf sailing
\<--.^ i • rr*vlou9 rntli-».
TICRKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
Btrret (Palace Hoten.
GOOX>ALL. FERKI.VS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market ft.. Pan FYanclsco.
17=)) ERKELEY, April 23.— Several thou
j=*s Fand people witnessed the fresh-
JL-^/ men defeat the sophomores to-day
in the interclass rush of the Uni
versity of California. It wa,i tho nrst of
ficial one under the administration of
Prrfldent Wheeler.
The football field and baseball diamond
on the lower campus had been roped in
and the rushing arena inclosed in white
washed lines. Promptly at 4 o'clock the
two classes sallied forth, ready for the
contest. The freshmen. 220 strong, march
ed in lock step from North Hall singing
"The 'M^asley^ Sophomore." The sopho-
Humorous Features of the Freshman-Sophomore Rush.
piores. who counted but 175 men, came
from South Hall and marched on the field
with less noise but more determination.
They proceeded to the upper part of the
inclosure and faced west, the freshmen
facing ea*t. Class yells were exchanged
and as soon as Professor Walter E. Ma
gee Rave the leaders and participants fhe
rules and regulations, the bugle sounded
and the. fight was on.
The classes rushed at each othrr in bat
tle formation, the sophomores with a cen
ter of the Smiths, Womble. Gardiner,
Clay and other Dig men famed in ath
letics. The entire freshmen class feared
these the most and concentrated their en
ergy here. The fißht was extremely hot
FRESHMAN CLASS DEFEATS
THE HAUGHTY SOPHOMORES
SIOOEABAGHE
Positively cored fcytliefle
Uttle Pills.
They also raUeve Distress from Dyspeptfa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rexnfcdy Cor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongce
Painln the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the £owds> Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
¦. Small Price*
DAUGHTER OF
CONGRESSMAN
METCALF DEAD
Child Passes Away After a
Severe Illness of Ten
Days.
Parents, Summoned From "Washing
ton, Beach the Bedside of Their
I-oved One Before the End
Comes.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, April 23.
Corlnne Metcalf, daughter of Congress
man and Mrs. Victor H. Metcalf, died at
9 o'clock to-night at the residence of the
child's grandmother, Mrs. Emily B. Xlch
olson. 1321 Linden street. The little girl
was 10 years of age. For ten days her
condition had been critical, typhoid fever
having set in and then spinal meningitis.
The father and mother, who were In
Washington when the child was taken
sick, were summoned home as soon as her
condition seemed serious. She had been
left here when they went East, as It was
believed that she .would be better off at
home than in a hotel at the national capi
tal.
Mrs. Metcalf returned home a week ago
and Congressman Metcalf arrived a day
later, In time to see his only daughter
before life had fled. For five days the lit
tle girl has been in a comatose condition,
and the attending phy»lcians were unable
to do anything more than to barely keep
the spark of life flickering-.
The blow is a severe one to the family.
The child was a great favorite. She was
of a bright and happy disposition and
charmed all with whom she came in con
tact. Her illness has been a great strain
upon her parents, who have been con
stantly at her bedside watching the spark
of life grow fainter and fainter to the end.
STAND OF OAKLAND
CLERICS DEFENDED
Rev. Dr. Dille Declares That Har
mony Prevails Among the
Preachers.
Methodist Minister Comments at Length Upon
the Charges of Intolerance and Their
Presumed Origin.
Oakland Offirp Pan Francisco Call. ;
UlB Broadway. April 23.
/^ TATE BENATOB FREDERICK S. j
STRATTON*B arraignment of the \
Aiz-J) preachers cf Oakland upon a j
charpe of religious intolerance has ;
cr.t!s-e<l a lively bttzzlr.g in the theological
beehive. Whiln Senator Stratton failed to i
<les?pnate by name any of The clergymen '
srhose rtc*Ul utterances had given him
the text for his pointed address last even
irg at the First Unitarian Church, events
ir Oakland pulpits of late have be*n given
Mich wide publicity that there has bfen
no difficulty in church circles In discover
ir./r The conditions which led to the emi
r.-.r.i attorney's remarks.
The question whether religious Intoler-
Btjce exist? among the leaders of church
thought in this city has been made th*>
?:oynote to th<? discussion which has been
« iv k<vj by Senator i^tratton's address.
Amor.p the clergymon who were much
i-'TCFifd in the publifhed reports Is Rev.
12. It. Dille. paftor of :he First Methodist
Church. Dr. Dille disclaims any title to
being one of '"the thrre trading minister?
of Oakland,^ to whom Senator Btratton |
makes refererce. The clergyman, how- i
cvtr. tnkc? strong !f«u" with t!ie lecturer ;
upon the assertion that religious Ir.tokr- j
snef d->es exist among the leaders of re- j
Ifgious thought in this city. He contends i
that Senator Strftttor, has a misconception j
of the fituation.
"If Senator Stratt«n. who is my warm j
personal fri«>nd. did refer to me or to any j
• f my rerept utterances,*' s^id Dr. nni*. ,
"he muyt hav<* had in mir.d my public j
Ftatemerts relative to Rev. Mr. Mills, who
(,ißf h«re amors those with whom he i
) ;.•*. formerly h^en affl'.lated and hurled de- ,
fnnce at the evangelical churches. This. ;
100. before he became ihe minister of the j
church he now occupies.
'"Senator Stratton has said: I find
that the leader? of religious thought here ;
vmrf scantily nrtmit the right of others to !
differ upon theological questions, diselopp •
r«ry little charity and certair.'y no love |
for en«» who has chanced his doctrinal be- ¦
lief.'
"I take it th»t thisapplfes to my criticism ,
of Mr. Mil!?' own statements that he did (
riot hrtlere the rrancelic«l doctrines he i
preached when he was her* in full out- .
: *3r<3 svmrathy •with our work. I never
criticized Mr. Mills on hi? char.r- of ;
vl a«. bv.t n* he rntrofluced himself here j
In a lnriß- public statpmcr.t that was a tl-
FQde against the churches and aguinst the
ministers of evangelical faith 1 showed
him up in an address. I proved by the
'deadly parallel" that he preached certain
doctrines in a most positive manner at a
time when, he now says, he had ceased to
believe them. He did not attempt to make
a reply.
"Mr. Mills or any other man can box
the whole theological compass, if he
pleases, ami I will never say hjrn nay.
Hut it is no Intolerance t«j expop<> ro-
Hslous fraud. Mr. Mills said he did not
believe what he had prrachfd. Who Is
now to ?ity that he has n<4 the whole
Westminster Confession up his sleeve?
• If Mr. Mills was criticized along thnpp
lines. hf> hap only hiui^'-lf to thank, for
he madf an unwarranted attack upon
the churches with which he had so close
ly fmternized.
"That is not religious intolerance. I
remembered of no other Unitarian c^r-
Kyman here who could complain of crit
icism. We can get along well enough
fn lor.? af we do not have to upset such
declarations as have come from Atr.
Mills.
"Th» churc^f? arf> dwelling In harmony
and unity, and I can pee no signs of
rivalry which would prompt purh a view
a? ha? been expressed in the address.
.No 'odium throlopicum' exists here.
"I make th^se remarks upon the as
sumption that Senator Stratton found my
attitude to\>-nr<l Mr. Mills one of the
groun.is fnr his criticism. That Inference
can falrlv be drawn from his address.
"In connection with Mr. Mills' advent
».- a T'nitarian clej-g-yman several inci
dents occurred which, were of interest In
church circle?. Ho had mnde ft wonder
ful impression here a few years ago as
an evangelical revivalist. For that rea-
Fon his utterances In his new rield of
labor had additional interest to his for
mrr fellow-preachers In the orthodox
faith."
Rev. Robert F. foyle. pastor of thf>
First Presbyterian Church, recently
preached a series of s«>rnirins upon ev&n
ppl'calism which created comment In the
face of the appe.nrance of Mr. Mills a?
a I'nitari.in. Th* trust«f>s of the First
Congregational Church declined to per
mit the life of that auditorium for a
lecture to he sriveji by Mr. Mills. These
circumstance*, coupled with Dr. DilTe's
stand, are taken to be the. bay's In a
great measure for Senator Stratton's ut
t#r«nrM.
THE SAN FRAJs CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1900.
? ©?©?o#o-*OtO>0»0»0*0»C»0*0'-
|¥II£HY IS HEALTHFUL! f
? g|J A Natural Mistral Water *
O Mil * Uh medlclnal qo*Htla«. O
o B&jk J ' cr aad °
J 4ffgi Stonash Dusrdars. o
Ijtmgk Soiled VICHY I
? ff^ff^jl IN SIPHONS 3
I pIfKMVICHYi
t ¦ S@|^ j Get tho Gon « ln3 t
"* MMne-i— »-L IL_i— — — °
o 81*1 H M "^B R 8 k r*X *
O A. VICNIER. Distributing Agent,
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From So*ar-*treet ""^harf at 19 a. in.
CADC £12 First Class Including; Berth
IAnC $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA palls April S
Short line to Wall* Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points la the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
CO Market st.
GOODALIi. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISJLN KAISBA.
STEAMERS TYILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe iHiogo). Naßasakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailtr.fc.
ES. NIPPON MARXT
./.1..!.:. Wednesday. April Bth. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. May 19th. 19CO
SS. HONGKONG MARU -.- .
Thursday. Jun* 14th. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freljrht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
xzw ro&x. sdctiAMrros. losdoit. risxa.
Stopping at Cherbourg; westbound.
From N"ew York every "Wednesday. 19 a. m.
St. Paul April a( St. Paul May 11
St. Louis May I: St. Louis May 21
Ktw York May i. New York May JO
RED STAf* LINE.
New York oryd Antwar-s.
From New Tork erery "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington ....April 23 Southwark May X
Noordland May 1 Westernland May 2J
Frlesland May » Kensington May 3D
EMPIRE LINE.
5. S. Ohl3. from San Francisco, May 15 and
from Feattl*. May 14. to Nome and St. Michael
Subsequent sailings June Si. July 31, August 30.
Ftr«t and second class pasvaar*. No at»eras».
For full Information regarding freight and
pas.'.irt apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
29 Montgomery it., or any of Its agents.
@5J K» PI M I <Bk The 5. S. Australia
rfS»*lSlli * alls fr>r Honolulu
rf 8"**"8 "**" WMnesday, May 2.
B -^ ¦¦ »^ 19"©. at ZP. m.
d+^l-IVN The S. S. Alameda
rtJßiTn^P^v *»tl3 *l» Honolulu an 4
V^ZZiZT. Auckland for Sydney
(OfflFftf/JJ- Wednesday. May 18.
¦^- • at 8 9. nv
Farorlte lln» abound the world rla Hawaii,
Famoa, New Tealand, Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.: $810 first clue.
I. O. Sr-nECXaLS * BROS. CO.. m^U.. 04 Montgomef)
Piar 7. root Pacific St. Freight 0if1ee.327 Market St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICB
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
Twix-scßtrw passenger servicb
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NETW YORK TO CHERBOUUO
AND HAMBURG.
For Satltntr. etc.. Apply to
HAMBURO-AMTCRICAN LINE. JT B'd'Wy. NT-
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
HERZOO A CO.. Gen. Ajrtf. for Facine Coast.
401 California st.. corner Banaoc>*. 3. F
CCXrAOKIZ CrNEKALrTKAS3ATt.ASTI3.C2
PIRECT LI??E TO HAVRE-PARIS.
f alltn* •wry Thur«c2sy lnst»vl cf <3i4iX>
Saturday, from November a. 1599. at *
10 a. m.. from Pl«r 42. North River, foot of
Morton rt.. LA TOITRAINE. April IS; LA
BRETAGNE. May J: LA CHAMPAGNE. May
10; LA OASOOGNE. May IT. First-claw to
Harr# $60 anil up-ward: 5 per cent r*4tietlon on
round trip. Second elans to Ravre. *45: S p«p
cent reduction on r»>und trip. CENERAL
AGENCT FOR rNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 12 Broadway (Hadaoa bulidlne). Km
York! J. T. JT'GAZI A CO.. Paelflc Coast
Arents. 5 Montgomery «t*-. S*n Francisco.
9BAJf FRAXCISCO CALU
intTINFFS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
emu v o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— CZ7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: cpen until 9:SO p. m.
lt« Hayes street: open until 8:30 p. m.
C3S McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lsrkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
JS<l Mission street; ci>en until 10 p. m.
tlCl Msrket etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.tll S p. m.
306 Eleventh etreet: open Until I p. m.
JCM; Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
ir:3 Pcik rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second And Ken-
turky ytreetr; open until 9 p. m.
mi:i;ti\<; notices.
GCLDKX GATE Lodge No. 80. F. and *
A. M.-Mootlnc THIS (TUESDAY) Ji
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. >JL?\
GEO. J. lIOHE. Secretary. ' v
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. ft
121 Eddy *t.. mwt» THIS (TUESDAY) _*\_
EVKXIXG. at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jILjZ
pree. GEORGE I'EXLIXGTON. See. /^T*
ORIENTAL I»fige No. 144. F. and A- ft
M.-THJS (TUESDAY) EVENING at JV.
7:30 o'clock. TLX
A. S. HUBBAKD. Secretary, /^r *
MAGNOLIA Lodfe No. 29. I. O. O. <?«j*^<j^
F.— lnitiation THIS iTI'EFDAY)
EVENING. Members of lodge and
order please attend. " '"'
J. ERIKSON. N. O.
FAMT*EL POLACK. Secretary.
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O.
F.— lnitiation THIS (TUESDAY) ~&SES&s
EVENING.
V. F. NORTHROP. X. G. xyy< —
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing or stockholder!! of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will l>e held at the office
of the company, £:" Market »st.. San Fran-
clbco, Cal., on Tursilay, the Sth dny of May.
1500, at the hour of 11 a. m.. lor the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
"ther ImalaeM as may come before the meet-
ins. Transfer l>o<,kß will close on -Friday,
April 27. i:»" 0, at 3 p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
ENGROSSING
Resolutions and diplomas a specialty. J. TV.
Griffith, Heald's lousiness Collose. I* Po*t s-t. :
* c > }'2JjL J^A?, lf; ¦}; ';
CANVASSER — Good Industrial man; straight
ealary; 9 to 11. 916 Market st.. room 42.
EXPERIENCED building and loan agents.
Room 1406, Claus Spreckels building.
A GOOD rrrpesition for ladies or gentlemen.
lit" Market gt.
ASTHOLOGY.
rnOFr A? M^El^"^E^y^r^reatesrastroi-
oitift and palmist In the world; satisfaction
Kuarar.teed. 15 Powell ft. .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a epecialty; private;
no lee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. SOO Market, cor. Stocktn.
\V. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
phone Davis 234. 410 Kearny at.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market St.. opp. Mason. '
F. H. MERZUACH. attorney-at-law, has re-
t::: • ¦¦'. practice at &03 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckeif bldg.. 527 Mar- j
k«'t rt.; consuHatirn free: no fees In advance.
A WEEK'S news for G cents. The Weekly Call.
H i Lgi .«, In wrapper, for mailing. 11 per year.
'£ BATH CABINET— HOT AIR^VAPOR.
ROBINSON J. 4-panel folding; door opens flrm
«n<l &afe. \V. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 428 Ellis.
BELGIAN HAULS.
On Wednesday, April 21th. tfce California Bel-
gian Hare Association will open THE ONLY
IDKAL Kabbitry ever constructed In the
irr.ited States.
We have purchased the very cream of a!l the |
printipal Ilabl)itr>s in Los Angeles and In ad-
dition have imported a large number of ani- j
2:.aJs directly :rom Enpland.
We can safely say that we have more IM-
PORTED AND HIGH CLASS STOCK than j
ar.y other Uatihltry in America, and also that ¦
V.X HAVE MORE IMPORTED AND HIGH- !
CLASS STOCK THAN ALL THE OTHER i
BABBITRIES around the Bay of San Fran- j
Cisco COMBINED; we furthermore challenge j
ir.vostiKati^n as to the truth of \he foregoing
statements.
Oar Stad stands pre-emlner.t and Is lead by
WANTAGE FOX <fccore 96). Fee $50.
«n animal which arrived direct from England
en April ICth and
BOO&EO M
Immediately after arrival. He is undoubtedly
the BUMtt l^rtect animal in color, shape and
loim ever lmr-^rted to America.
.^ PEC I A L A NNO i: NCEMENT.
AYe will on January Ist. IK'l, pay the cum of
Fi\e Hundred Dollars <£.0()) In Gold Coin for
th<* best specimen eired by cur WANTAGE
]¦'< >X Jroni any Doe bred to him aft?r April j
Elth, VMtO. Judges to be selected by the com- j
pf titon=.
Full information concerning this competition
(fc'iKr.ecl. >
California Belgian Hare Association.
Next in <>ur list comes England's latest cham-
pion Buck,
CIIASHI^.V DUKE OF CHESHIRE. Fee IW.
This animal is a wonder of color and secured
13 FIRST PRIZ.ES and Gold Medal In England.
DAEB PRINCE (Imported*. Fee J2i,
Son of Champion Dash and winner ol a special
prize in England.
IiACHI (Imported April 10th), Fee $25.
Sire "Cock o' the North." Excels all In shape
end Form.
DUKE <>y TECK (Imported April 10), Fee J2O.
MAliyriS OF LORNE <In:pfjrted April 10).
Fop $?0.
"EARL BAKBUttT." Fee t2O.
Kire I>ord Ilanbury, Dam Lady Rosewln, the
most beautifully TICKED animal ever Im-
ported to America.
"DUKE OF BELMONT." Fee $15,
Famous Yukon strain
"SIR FREDERICK." Fee JlO.
Son of the fanjnus RochedaJe.
"FIR P.ODEKT." Fee $10.
Fon of Lord Britain.
arid many othf rs of equally as ROYAL BLOOD.
A choice selection of high-scoring English
Jjoes just received direct from England. i
We have YOUNGSTERS direct from Fashoda. i
I>&sh, Britain and Lurgan.
V.> socially solicit tnspectlon by all pur-
chasers and fanciers of high-class thorough-
bred stock.
Our Rabb'.try Is located at the old Xep-
tune Gardens, Alameda.
If you take Narrow-Gauge boat get off at
Webster-street Station, Alatceda.
If th* Ilroad-Bauge. leave the train at Mas-
tick Station.
Alamfda electric cars run within one block *
Cf our Itabbltry.
California Belgian Hare Association.
GEORGE A. YOUNG, Manager,
Alameda, Cal.
ARItrVED— PALACE ROYAL. Imported, score
iii, C prizes, fee K5; to approved does only.
Prince Alfred, Imported, score 93%. fee $15.
Blenheim, fee $10.
Klondike Nuecet Jr.. fee 15.
Come and fi>» these four errand bucks: does
from bef.-t strains, bred and unbred, always, on
hand; visitors welcome. \
VICTORIA RAHBITRY. I^7 Seventh aye.,
East Oakiand; telephone Brook 371.
AT F. E. MASON'S. 1710 Everett St., Ala-
rr.'-ia — "LORD ESSEX," Imported, fee $20;
"Teddy Roosevelt." winner first prize Los
Aneeles, fee Sl5; "Dandy Styles," own son
cf "Sir Styles." fee $15: "Britain Prince,"
own ion of "Lord Britain" and "Avalanche."
lee $15: "General Washington" (heavyweight).
«>ti of "Star Buck," fee 110; does bred to
the** buck* from $10 up; closed Sundays.
THE largest and best-equipped' rabbltry north
of Los Anreles; Imported Belgian hares;
wholesale and retail; fashionable strains of :
Imported bucks and does always on hand;
nurse does; a full line of rabbttry supplies.
OOLDEX GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..
<:r>9-eil Golden Gate aye.. S. F.; tel. South
CIL IRA BARKER DALZIEL, Proprietor.
FOUXD— A place suitable for general merchan-
dise store, with 3 l i vine rooms, large yard, i
cheds and adjoining building; lust the place '
for raJFing. exhibiting- and felling Belgian .
hares, without interference with the mercan-
tile branch cf business: rent. Including city
witer. cr.ly $12 per month. Address 2759, Call
ctrice. Oakland. I
BOSS Rabbitry. 3H5 Howe Ft.. Oakland— Thor- •
ouyhbred Uelgian hares, breeding does; young-
rtere for rale from the following strains: Yu-
kon, Lord Rochdale. Klondike Nugget and Ued
Ecvereijfn; British Kinc nt s^n-lce; vieitors
welroir.e; take Mountain View cars.
lIUVTIIORXE RABBITRY. 4CO Taylor aye" '
Alanie-'a. Cal.— Headquarters for Mne pedl-
preed 7Uii:ian hares; all prices. Grande hash "
''.mi>.). eervice Jl5. Inspection of stock bo- '
liciWd. T - D. RAYMOND. Prop.
SALESROOM for the Laurel I>H Rabbltry of '
Salinas Cal.. at the Montgomery Market. 735 '
Market' Ft.; acents for the Meadow Brook
liclglan Hare Company of Lob Angeles. #
M *S^OT RABBITRY. 417 gutter et.. S. F. Fine
pedißreed ftock • guaranteed; at rearonable
rrlcf*: service. $15 and $25. ,
«-tn ra'e Pedicreed Belgian hares; from $5
iIARKET-ST. RABBITRY. W. C.
iiKNTHAM. proprietor. 1532 Market st.
PO C FMONT Rabbltry. S6 Maple court off 14th,
fibove Guerreo-Breedlnt does $12 M up;
ycur,gHter^. M tip: Urge stock; finest strain..
TUT Fncina.l Rabbito". Haslett &. Bew. K22 •
Grand ' et. AUmeda.: correspond, solicited. !
noAaxtiNGFQittJ^ 1 -" 11^- J
ii "ullS ¦ aye.. near Fourteenth St.
GOOD home for a child. 'I*"*" 1 — 1 WldOW - '
iU nickory aye.. near Gough. I
BOOKS XI2W AXD OLD.
* SCHOOL BOOKS bought nr.tl exchanged.
Holme. Book Co.. :0< Ml»«lnn ft., near Third.
v HOOT AM) SHUB UAHUAIXS.
BARGAINS In ladies" and children's shoes;
flrummers' samples at manulacturer'i co»t-
J. KOHLBECKKR. 145 Fourth St. '?¦..."''¦ ;
BOSIXBS9 CHANCES.
A— s2ooo; PAI'.T.N'ER wanted In best-Tocated sa-
loon on Market st. ; place cpen day and night;
doing a first-class paying business; owner
wants a good honest man for assistance. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 906 Market Et.
'" A— OLD-ESTABLISHED roadhouse with over
one acre of ground; house of 7 furnished
- rooms, with barroom, piano, etc.; rent $30.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
- A— s3oo— BAZAAR and nctlon store, with 3 fine
livftig rooms; rents $22 tO; a good paying; bus-
lneei>; etock values the price; best location on
principal street. R. G. WILKE, K>6 Market.
- A— SUM; BAKERY on leading business street;
Western Addition; rent $C 5; 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; baking 3'-i barrels per day; sick*
' ness cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE. 80G
v Market et.
A— ssso; PARTNER wanted in old established
and first-class paying corner saloon; retiring
' partner to leave for Nome; a splendid offer.
V Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s22oo; CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
et-: rent $25, Including rooms; large stock of
liquors and groceries; a first-class, paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE, SO6 Market.
A-12000; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
living room*: rent $50; 3 years' lease: the best
corner on Mission st. ; place doing a noon
faying- cash business: full value In sight.
Call R. O. WILKE. !)06 Market St.
A-ISit; CIGAR store; clearing $4 dally; splen-
did location: Market and East sts.; rent $12.
' Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
- $900— CORNER saloon near Market St.: present
owner has the place 8 years and is retiring
* from business; daily receipts $20 to $25. MC-
LAUGHLIN" & CO.. 777H Market st.
i . . — _______^__
- $2100— WINERY near the city: everything com-
plete : conj.erace SQ.OOO gallons: buildings and
property Included: barfrain; departure cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIX & CO.'. 877% Market.
*50<}— MECHANICS' Hotel, near the city; bar-
Rain this day. McLaughlin & Co.. 777Vs Mrkt.
$300— PARTNER wanted In one of the best
saloons on the water front: a pood living
guaranteed. Apply J. E. PLINKEY & CO..
t=E. ccr. Market and Fifth.
' BARUER Fhnp for eale: very central location;
must be sold on account of departure. Apply
to J. E. SI.IXKEY A- CO., 1 Fifth St.
GOOD cppcrtur.ity; manufacturing business for
the restoration of h3ir nivi patent medicines;
richts and patents all cler.r; will sell entire
plant or half Interest in same: Al Investment.
Brocklehurst & Megladdery, 7C9 Market st.
QUICK sales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy, sell or exchange any
property or business, we are able to please
you in every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MKGLADOERY, 719 Market st.
GOOD-PAYING branch bakery and notion
store. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
BOARDING and livery stable, or will take
partner. COWING & CO., 713 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT, money maker, for $250.
COWING & CO.. 713 Market St.
11500— HOUSE of C rooms and bath; 2 lots and
furniture; rents for $45 per month; at Han-
ford. Cal. KKEDO & CO., 22>-i Geary St.
$900 — SUNNY cor.; 15 rooms; neat and clean;
clears fS9 a month. KREDO & CO., 22>.£Geary.
PARTNER in office business; light, pleasant
wcrk; short hours; clear $100 mo. each; no ex-
perience required. Jones & Co.. E65 Market.
$100— WANTED— Active, reliable man to take
Interest In an old-established commission
business that will pay from $75 to $109 . per
month the year round: no experience requir-
ed. Apply at 1036 Market St., room 10.
BARBER shop for rent; completely furnished;
2 chairs; loner established business; good lo-
cation on Third st.; rent complete, $22. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. Cl 4 Call
bldg.
A— T3so— PARTNER wanted: must be steady,
reliable man; satisfied with $1S to $30 a week:
no night cr Sunday work; trial given before
I buying. Apply at 9 Geary st., room 2.
i AN olil Brocery and liquor business: must be.
sold this week; owner Is on sick list: must
j quit May 1: lease of buy dins will be sold also.
! Call on JOHN KENNEY. 1406 Pacific St.
i FOR sale — An old-established saloon in a good
j location; good paying business, with 4 llv-
j Ing rooms: reason for seuin?. 11l health. In-
quire pouthwr-st cor. Sixth and Folsom sts.
i JGO—P.ESTAURANT: grandly furnished; $400
down; balance easy; cood business; parties
leave for East the 2Cth. Apply D. M. Mc-
RAE. 713 Mission St.
FOR pale — Branch bakery, stationery, notion
and candy store, news stand and laundry of- I
flee, school supplies, etc; good location. 1604 j
Hayes st.
i A— s2oo— Home bakery for sale; near large
school; low rent: living rooms; money made
! here. 332S Twenty-second St., near Valencia. I
i SINGLE young rr.an with few thousand in cash
I desires an opportunity in business or other-
wise. Box 4D41. Call.
FOR sale — Restaurant, fixtures and furniture of
7 rooms: $150; is very successful. Box 4544,
Call office. ,
J550— 7-rooms; nice flat; furniture cost $1600:
great bargain; north of Market. Apply 743 !
Bfistdon st.
CHEAP — Whole or part of small chicken and :
hop ranch. Apply 31CS Sixteenth St., near
Valencia.
BARUER shoo for sale; on account of depart-
| lire. Cor. Railroad and Seventh avea. south.
GOOD paying saloon and cafe for sale; cheap;
rent ZZn. Box 2232, Call office.
FOR sale — Barber shop: good business; rare
char.cc. Box 279. San Luis Oblspo, Cal.
BARBER shop; must be sold this week. 3095
Sixteenth st. ,
CORNER grocery for Eale; $1100; in the best lo-
cation nf Oakland; plenty room for bar, with
a. splendid side entrance; good paying custom- .
ers: business can be largely Increased with
right management: full investigation. Address
box 2757, Call office, Oakland. ;
A— SALOON; offer wanted; fair stock; neat ,
fixtures: good business; living rooms; rent
reasonab. ; leaving city cause sale. CC6 Mission.
FOR sale — Half Interest In an old-established ' I
hay and grain business. Address box 4C28. |
Call office. ;
FOR sale, cheap— loc and 15c restaurant: other
business. Inquire at grocery store, 1232 Mis-
e!od et. <
iTHE best spiritual medium In the city wants •
a financial backer, to travel. Box 3414, Call <
office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur- '
niched rooms, ail rented; near car houses and
transfers; rent $&; going to Cape Koine.
1815 Central aye ¦ ;
$1000 CASH or security; grocery and bar; fine
stock; gcod location; no agents wanted. 30
Lily aye. ¦
HOME bakery; old-established place; call and
re*; a fine chance for fancy baker. Box 4665
Call office.
WELL-ESTABLISHED brancn bakery, candy ¦
end notion store clieap; reasons, going back
East. 91* Railroad aye. South.
BAKERY store. 1105 Howard st. ; 4 rooms, with •
large oven and tools to let low; location excel-
lent.
PARTNER wanted with $1000; drug specialty;
can clear over $500 p*r month. Box 4521. Call.
LOXG established Fhoe shop for sale: fine loca-
tion; leave city Immediately. 6C6 Eddy st.
$200— CIGAR stand; splendid opportunity; good
location. See owner. 82 Minna, bet. 3 and 5.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies; fine fix-
tures; paying business. 115 Sixth St.
WELL-ORGANIZED machine shop, established
in 1561. for sale cheap. Box 4654, Call office.
$3<V>— FOR sale— Long-established watch and
jewelry repairing store. Box 4C50. Call office. '
A BAKERY for sale, cheap: cause, sickness
Address box 4647. Call office.
HOTEL to rent; 507 Twentieth St., near Union
Iron Works. Inquire 907H Illinois st. .
FOR rale — Barber shop; good business; " rare -
chance. Box 279. Ean Luis Oblspo. Cal. 1
COFFEE and tea rou.es supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200. Fillmore. ]
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
&t 1223 Polk et.: until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ]
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE; J
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Calfbld^ .
"27 rooms; clean; part cash; table board. .s2s<io ]
€3 rooms; N Market; nice and fine 3400
10 rooms; rent $60; clears $60 COO -
» rooms; meals given: north side 400 J
41 rooms: rent $120; Income J250 mo 2r,00
17 rooms; rent $50; income $115 monthly.. 750 Z
11 rooms; rent $2S; full: nice: all men 225 *
And many more. Please call for particulars.
SNAP; $400; 22 rooms. a,ll rented: good location; J
cause of selling, sickness. BASILE, 2 Eddy.
BOARDING-HOUSE for sale at a sacrifice: f
party going north; ten steady boarders; six
rooms; party purchasing will be given thirty <
days* trial; will be sold $175. Apply 1721 De-
vlsadero «t.
»275— ELEGANTLY furnished; 8 rooms: bath; C
yard; full roomers; great bargain. »1J Howard.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE..
M^ROOaTcORNEITHOUSE; ~RENT~SIM.
New furniture: grand bargain; ccc it. For
sale only by DECKER. 1020 Market st.
IS-ROOM house at your own price. Apply t»
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
CS-ROOM hotel and bar at a bargain.
100 rooms; rent 150; clears $200 Jl5OO
18 rooms; on Third Bt 250
17 -ooms; on Jonea Bt °Q0
6 rooms and bath "00
PAYMENTS TO SUIT ON ANY HOUSE.
80 rooms; restaurant and bar; In Stockton <o0
SO-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash... 2200
8-room flat; new; elegant 250
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call office.... .550
37 rooms; on Howard st. ; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200...... 800
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 450
S6 rooms; on Market St.; payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
NOB HILL— An elegantly furnished 14-room
house at sacrifice on account of departure to
Europe. Box 4522. Call office.
$200— LODGING-HOUSE for sale. 233 Third st. ;
11 rooms. -
CARRIAGES AND WACO'S.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
EELLINO out. half cost. 100 sets harness. 200
wagons. 1140 Folgom st.. near Eighth.
CARPET 11EAT1.\U A.\D GLEAMK6.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Work«. 353-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. 8. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
413 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPKTS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 544.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COSKLI.VS Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate eve. : telephone East 12<>.
si'iuFruALisji"
ATTENTION! REMOVEDI
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradl©
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed,
To the Sick Esnecially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the- talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousantls upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.
GO to Watson, "only natural" palmist and oc-
cult medium; the luckiest and truest on tno
coast: readings 25c. .1681 Market Bt., near
Twelfth; specimens, mall. BOc.
ARNOLD DICKSON— Sit daily: consult, free;
meeting to-night; all invited. 143 Sixth, room 1.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th; cir. Mon., 8 p. m.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister gt.. r. 35; admission 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 603 McAllister; 10c; coma skeptics.
MRS. ELLIS, business and prophetlo medium;
sittings. $1; clr. Fri.. 2 p.m.. 25c £33 Valencia,
CIRCLE to-night, 8: C. Mayo Steers. 112H
Oak St.; readings dally.
MRS. HARRISON, spiritual medium. 43 Sixth-
Circle every evening; 10c; sittings dally.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting, $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIHVOV.WTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life; while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles: restore lost
affections; unite the separated: recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals; tells
your entire life, while in a perfect trance;
satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 20T> Turk St., near Jones;
hours. 10 a. in. to S p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret ; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 2">c and up; satisfaction to everybody: tips
| on races. 1167 Market St.. bet. "th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice in difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St., near Larkin.
MISS MELVILLE, rreat clairvoyant and water
reader; German epoken.92lV» Mission, op. Mint-
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St., original gypsy
life reader; last week; readings 23c; no sign.
. MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium; re-
I turned: magnetic treatments. 3206 Mitt., r. 15.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Bluings daily. 212£ Sixth Bt.
MME. VERLEIN. life and card reader; busl-
nes» advice. £27>/i Post 'st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 23c up. 6 Fourth st.
HME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
hanrl's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell gt.
CAPE NOME.
CAPE NOME rocker; cheapest, lightest and
best; latest improvements. ISIII4 Mission st.
LATEST Alaska rocker with pump; be sure and
see It. 3 Natoma st.
COLLECTION 'OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no 'charge un-
less successful. Room 310. $27 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CALIFORNIA, 2913— Cottage 6 rooms; bath,
large yard.
GROVE, 423— Cottage to let; 6 rooms and bath;
large barn,
TO let for season— Furnished cottage in Santa
Cruz Mountains; orchard and shade trees.
McEXVEN IiROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$9 AND $10 — Cottages. 4 rooms; good order;
water free. Apply premises, 945 Bryant, or
ITMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
COTTAGES WASTED.
WANTED — By young couple, sunny cottage
or flat, with stable. Box 4536. Call office.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HlbuiNS' dental parlor*. 927
Market St.. over Cat'e Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from 11 up; other fillings from EOc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL eet of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
rpeclalty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and fironber than rubber, warranted lor 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all work
r>ainlP?s and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth Bt.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. $09 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bide, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates, our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.m. to 10 *.m.; Sunday?, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and nils teeth painlessly by his won-
derful Eecret- method ; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL «et of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods In brldee work; fillings.' gold. $1 up;
silver. EOc; painless extraction, 50c: gas given.
New York Dentnl Parlors, 9G9 Mission, cor.eth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $3
per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
IDEAL sold Slling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 yearn; platen. 13: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Fullset of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
MEYER. Deutccher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk: palnlexs
• ext., crowns, bridge work: open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st.; crown-
bridge work: ext. painless: full set teeth $7
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenlnrs and Sun-
days.' IWII Market St.. corner Sixth. :.
SET of te^th without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc. : 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
CTJEAPEST and best in" America— The Weekly
full. 16_p«ges.' cent - loanjr address ' In > th»
4
DOG HOSPITALS. *
DR. CREELETS C. P. manga cure and worm
pilla; by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
Dn. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Killmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits Jl 50: all
animals trPatPd: dors hoarded. Tel. West 638.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTRESSES
EXPERIENCED misses' and children's dress-
maker; latest styles; 50c up. Box 4533, Call.
McDOWELL'3 Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post st
6. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.: dresses
made, J."> up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SHORTHAND— lndividual Instruction each
evening: by J. WILLARD SMITH, expert
stenographer, 1720 Market St.: highest upee
known accomplished by Isaac Pitman sys-
tem (the inventor of phonography); rates
per month; by mall $4: another class May 1.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
tpylng, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
¦ eerlng. etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
Business University; arranged In departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market at.. San Francisco. _
AYRES". the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket: bookkeeping, shorthand, typing: life
Bcholarshlp. J5O: day and evening: catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1256 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1564.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best gystem." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
MUSIC lessons by experienced competent teach-
er, 60c lesson. Box 4532, Call office.
BOOKKEEPING practically: no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr, Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1005 Mission ;vlolln. guitar.
FRENCH, Bpan!*h,etc..Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of lanniafre»,32o Poctipstsb'd 1871; shiest pr.ifs.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. ; $¦* mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHlNESE~Contractor and" Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 43:4.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
'. 421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese^ employment office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. SO6V6 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411*4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42G.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office —
Best help. 417 Powell St., telephone Clay 88.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. B!ack fiO72.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation,
city or country: also first-class Swedish cook;
competent chambermaid and waitress; com-
petent woman with a child as working house-
keeper or housework In a small family, and
a number of housework girls and young girls
to assist await situations at MISS CUL-
LEN'S Employment Bureau, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse-
girl or housework In small family; $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN would like any kind of work by the
day. week or month. Call SO9 Pacific St.,
above Stockton.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation aa house-
keeper; good reference. ESO Franklin st.
EXPERIENCED nurse, having to go East, will
take care of children or invalid for her fare;
Al city references. Address MISS MAY. Ala-
in eda P. O. 4
EXPERIENCED girl, three years' reference,
wishes situation as cook, or would do house-
work In Mnall family; American preferred.
Call 274S Bush St., nr. Baker.
A COMPETENT girl. Just from Los Angeles,
wishes a place In a nice family, cooking and
housework; wages, $25. Call at 11U Sut-
ter st. ¦ • ¦ .
2 EXPERIENCED seamstresses from the East
wish employment by the day; competent to
do ladles' trousseaux and children's dresses;
best of city references. Apply Box 4542,
Call.
YOUNG German girl to assist with house-
work. 252 Third st.
GIRL* to care for children or second work.
_3£H Gilbert St.. upstairs. \'
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work. E4S Howard st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleantnc; $1 10 a day. Call 176 Seventh
St., first floor.
WANTED — By reliable woman, a situation to
do general housework; one who Is a good
cook: city or country. Apply for two days
at 759 Mission st.
AN elderly lady wants a place to do llsht
housework In small family: wages no object.
Address box 2755, Call ofJlce. Oakland.
RES PECT A BL E woman would like to do a
few hours' work daily. 1057 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework in private family. Call or address
2103 Powell st., cor Chestnut.
YOUNG woman wishes housework by day; $1
and car fare. 232 Seventh st.
SITUATION wanted — Reliable woman; good
cook and housekeeper: asstat with washing;
city or country; give reference. Call 5 Ewlng
place, oft Laguna St., bet. Post and Sutter.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants position as cham-
bermaid, city or country. In hotel or private
family. Cell 1336H Natoma. .near Fifteenth,
and Howard.
WOMAN wishes situation at housework and
cooking; good bread baker; wages $20. 1915
McAllister st.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. .French and
English, wishes a position to take car* of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address Sl5 Union st.
SWEDISH woman wishes a situation as cook
In Drlvate family. 415- First st. > ,
RESPECTABLE woman with a child wishes
situation to do general housework In coun-
try. 118 Clara Bt.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles in confinement. MRS. WOL-
TKH. 132 Sixth st.
SCANDINAVIAN. girI desires position as nurse
or companion to lady en route for Paris;
knows French; no wages; city reference. Call
2C23 California St. '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 2oc to $1 CO night; U CO to fS
w>ek. convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ;•*¦; •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Xt
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION as day or night clerk In lodging
house: middle age; strictly temperate; ex-
perlenced. Address MORTON, box 4536. Call.
YOUNG Irish Catholic of highest education
wants position, preferably teaching. Box
4. r ,r,3, Call.
AN experienced gardener, S2 years of age, Ger-
man, has knowledge of few other mechanical
trades, desires position as gardener. Janitor
or house agent. X. . W. G., 101 Bartlett st. ¦ ;. '
BY active, middle-aged, respectable, educated
man at family; outaide work, preferred; refer-
ences for 30 years here and security. Box
4551. Call office.
COOK— A plain cook would like to get a place
to Jo plain cooking; $25. Please address
Cook, 643 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED carpenter of experience, can
. repair and polish furniture, as general work-
man: well recommended: will work for rea-
sonable wages by the month or week In hotel
or for a private family: city or country. Ad-
dress C. CARPENTER, box 4539. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position In
creamery; can make butter and attend steam
boiler: good references. Address .S. K.
LEWIS, 226-t Alameda aye.. Alameda. Cal.
SITUATION wanted as coachman, gardener;
good horseman; good references." Address box
3449, Call.
WANTED— By competent man, position to
clean and repair harness. Box 4505. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
. care of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn, flowers; In private family; very useful
and willing. : Box 4634. Call. _ ;
WANTED— Situation by first-class wagon and
carriage blacksmith; good on woodwork. Ap-
nlv 1612 aiaxket «C 1
EMPLOYMiJXT WANTED 3IALE.
WANTED— Position with some good merchan-
dise store; city or country; can furnish good
reference from New England State: age 24;
good telegraph operator. Address A. L. F.,
1724 Webster at., Oakland. Cal.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married, steady
man, wants situation on private place; under-
stands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows, run gasoline engine; handy with tools;
best reference letters. EMIL GARDENER.
San Rafael. Marin Co.. Cal.. P. O. box 252.
TOUI^G man desires situation as night watch-
man; good references. Box 4649. Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation: ten .years' ref-
erence from last employes. Address Gardener,
care of H. W., 879 Washington St., Oakland.
JAPANESE boy would like a situation as cook
In a family. Address ICHI. 243 Ellis at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
¦ tlsementn and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O?8 Va-
lencia *t.
EXI'EItT OI'TICIAXS.
OEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071% Market st. ; examinations free; German
eyewater by mall, 50c. Phone, Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NW, COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
A — BRAND new; 4 rooms: 1421 Gre»n St.. near
Van Ness aye. Apply SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt.
A MODERN middle flat of 6 rooms, bath, yard,
basement. S39A Minna St., bet. 7th and Bth.
A FLAT of 3 rooms and bath and 4 closeta and
large store room. 923 Shotwell st.
BEST centrally located flats for small famlli*«:
nice neighborhood; must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento St., above Powell.
CHOICE sunny flats, 4 and 6 rooms, bath; nice
location; Hanover place, off Sacramento st..
above Powell; small families.
FULTON, 142— Extra fine modern middle fiat; {
6 rooms; bath; City Hall; fur. or unfurnished.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BAI-DWIN&HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat of 6 rooms; sunny; $24. 1545 Mason
street.
BUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms, bath, basement;
$15. 3426 Twenty-pecond st., near Guerrero.
TWO elegant corner flats of 7 rooms and bath
each; sun all day; rent very reasonable. 300
and 302 Scott Rt., near panhandle.
$3— FLAT, SS7^ Hayes st.: 3 rooms and bath
and yard; new plumbing.
$10 — i LARGE rooms and yard. 527 Grovo st..
between Litguna and Octavla.
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath. $IS. 2:>24 California (it.
$14 — FIVE sunny rooms; bath. 932 Capp St..
near Twenty-fifth.
$18— UPPER fiat, 6 rooms and bath. Ml Castro
st., near Nineteenth.
FLATS TO LET FUUXISIIED.
CLAY. 1449— Completely furnished 8- room flat;
SCO.
GROVE. 1628, sunny side— s large rooms, bath,
pantry: completely furnished: large yard;
$32 SO; lera for term.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
RESPONSIBLE young couple, no children, will
care for flat for few months. Box 3331. Call.
FUIIMTIRB FOR SALE.
3 ROOMS and kitchen: completely furnished;
net rent $6; bargain; no dealers. 619H Steven-
son it., between Sixth and Seventh.
FURNITURE of 8 rooms and Steinway upright
piano; house to let. Southwest corner of Sut-
ter and Webster 6t«.
10-ROOM house partly furnished; furniture for
sale cheap. 540 Turk st. *
FURNITURE of four rooms cheap. 632 Olive
aye.: Monday and Tuesday evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Ft'HMTUIIE WANTED.
CIIAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pay spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phono Black 4074.
HELP WAM'KU-FEMALE.
A— FIRST-CLASS waitress, commercial hotel,
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter 6t.
SECOND girl, Email country hotel. Sonoma
Co., $20; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED German nurse; one child; San
Diego; ?15. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter St.
"C. It. HANSEN <fc CO... PHONE GRANT ISS"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 watlresses, first-class grill room, $25, see
party here 9:30 a. m.; 2 waitresses, Sacra-
mento. $25; 2 waitresses, south. $20, fare here;
2 waitresses. San Jose, 523; waitress. Watson-
ville, Lathrop. Nana, Marysville, Keswlck,
Ross Valley. $20; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 2
chambermaids, $20; chambermaid, city, $17 50;
woman cook, city hotel. $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 house girls, same place, country, $20 each;
10 house girls, city, $20 and $25; 5 German
cooks, city, $25; 15 girls to assist, city, $10. $15;
2 second girls, city. J2O; cook and second girl.
Alameda, $45; woman with a child, $15. C
It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — German cook, 135; ironer for coun-
try laundry. $25; 9 lroners for laundries, $25
and $30 and beard; IS waitresses for hotels,
restaurants, private boarding-houses, resorts,
etc.. at $20 find $23 and $0 ptr week, some nice
places; 3 nurse and second girls. $20; 2 wait-
resses and parlor maids, $25: also a great
number of girls for housework In both city
and country In nice families at $20 to $30 per
month: situations for all. See J. F. CROS-
ETT. 316 Sutter fit.
WANTED — Two waitresses. $20; also German
laundress. $23, for nice resort for May 1. fare
paid. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
2 WAITRESSES; Vallego; ?25 and fd; fare paid.
3 girls; second work.
1 cook: country; $30.
1 cook; city.
2 chambermaids.
10 girls; general housework- , i
£5 other positions. !
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB, J27 Market, st.
WOMAN with girl 7 or 8 years old as house-
' keeper, $30; 3 second girls. $25 each: nursegirl,
$20; cook. $33; 4 cooks. $30 and $25; middle-
aged woman, country, two In family, $25;
waitress, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ]
WANTEI>— Young girl to care for 6-year-old
child. 724 Golden Gate aye.
LADY hairdresser for nice place. Box 4554,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts; steady
work; good pay. A. AARON, 679 Mission st.
GIRL for housework; Scandinavian or German.
Inquire at Jewelry store. 103 Sixth St.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; small
family. Apply 2634 Howard st.
GOOD girl wanted as waitress. 1330 Turk C
street. '
NEAT Rlrl to do light housework. 96 Cumber-
land St., cor. Dolores, near Nineteenth.
GIRL to do cooking and assist housework; ref-
erences; wages $25. 2307 Broadway, near Fill-
more.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work; also to help -
wait at table. £62 Fulton st. I
GIRL wanted for light housework. Apply 1359
O'Farrell st. . -..
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wages
$15. 3339 Twenty-fourth St.
WANTED — Examiners to examine shirts. Ap-
ply The L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery 6t.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; Ger-
man preferred. Apply 192S Pine st. •
GIRL wanted to learn tailoring. Inquire 419' A
Stockton st.
GERMAN woman for light housekeeping and
care two children; $12. 1515 Broderlck st.
APPRENTICE wanted by ladles' tailor. 1024
Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework; small washing; ~
$20. 2217 Octavla Bt, corner Jackson. I
TRUSTWORTHY girl to learn dressmaking; -
paid while learning. Spring Valley bldg.. r. 129. >
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking; wages $20. 2524 Pine et.. near Baker.
WANTED— Good finisher on pants. 104 Kearny -
Et., top floor; steady work. I
WANTED— GirI to assist in light housework;
small family; wages $10. Apply 22 Eddy St.-
. tailor shop. . . - '
WANTED— Young girl for general housework. *
Apply 2904 California st.
GIRL for general housework and good plain
cooking; call after 9 a. m; wages. $20. 925 -
Fulton, near Stelner. ¦ ~ E
WANTED— Nurse or party understanding -
nursing; easy place; French preferred; state \
wages expected. B. C, Call branch, 2200 Fill-
more.
. —— — — — — — —^ Y3
FrRST-CLASS tailoress on fine coats. Sim
Jaxuiu «C . bet. " O'Farrell and Geary sta.
HELI' WASTED- FEMALE.
1 COOK and waitress wanted at 631 Ellis Bt.
GIRL for housework, light washing; small,
quiet family; good home: $12. 614 Eddy st.
r WANTED— Neat young ctrl to assist In light
- housework. ?2tl? Sutter »t.
; FIRST-CLASS finisher and good buttonhole
' makers on custom coats; steady. 65SA Minna.
. WANTED— Boy and girl with some experience
; on awnings and tents. 1625 Mission »t.
WANTED— A dressmaker; also an apprentice.
120% Hayes st.
, WANTED— Vest flnishers. buttonhole makers
• and apprentices. 509 Kearny »t.. room 2.
z WANTED— YounK saleswoman in bakery: one
with experience preferred. 2232 Mission st.
i WANTED— An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 410 Kearny st.. room 27.
. MORE girls from 14 to 16 to learn clear mak-
l ing; paid while learning. 303 Eighth st.
. YOUNG American girl for general housework-
: small family. 511 Cole. opp. Chutes.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted at 1323
! Stockton st.
GOOD finisher on men's coats. 1036 Howard
St.. first Hcor.
[ GIRLS. ~ GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
, ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.* 9 overalls
' Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 82^ Fremont.
| GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginner* taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. XV, Fremont St.; elevatjr.
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid whll»
learning. BELASCO & HARRia CO.. 541
Market st.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade: only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class: Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; lialrdre«sins taught in 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBEK COLLEGE. «3S
Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced hands on skirts; also
infants' wear. Cal. Underwear Co.. ÜBS Mkt.
FINISHERS on custom pants; also appren-
tices; Rood wages: steady. lOs'i Jessie st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking;
farrily three; $15. IS26A Sutter st.
WANTED— A woman of culture and ability to
fill a responsible position. Box 4529. Call.
LADY to take lucrative offlce position with j
responsible house. Box 3445, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats and operators
on pants. 54! Market st.
FEW young ladies to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 FUlmore at.
A BRANCH office for the recent lon or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk gt. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP AVAXTED— MALE.
t
SECOND cook; railroad eating-house; rrtah;
$35; fare paid: see proprietor here to-day.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
ERRAND boy. $4 per week. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
A— MURRAY & READT Fhon» Main !*4s
Leading Employment and Labor Asanta,
Want to-day, 7 A. M
MECHANICAL HELP
Carriage trimmer. $30 band sawyer. $120
7 blacksmiths, also some helpers, $3 50 day.
$35. ft.', $50 and f il ; 3 wag- in makers. $2 SO and
$40 and til; machinist, lathe hand, city Job.
$3 day; carriage woodworker, $30; gang edger-
FARMS. DAIRIES STABLES, ETC.
63 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
part of California. 535, $30. $26, $20 and found;
COME SEE; 43 milkers and butter-makers.
$35, $30, $25 and fd; 6 stablemen and 3 garden-
ers, $30, $40. $25 and fd; 20 choremen and boys.
$25. $20, ?Ij. {10 and found; gardeners, coach-
men. 3 separators for riairio*.
COME. .LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.. SEE
356 laborers and teamsters for all Darts of
California, some In San Francisco $2 and $1 73
day. $30. $26 per month and found; 33 scraper
teamsters 127 50 and found
..TO GOLD. SILVER AND OTHER MINES..
28 miners, different Jobs $75, $60 and fd
2 machine drillers $30
16 laborers, you'll suit this mine. $30. $35 & fd
C43.TIEMAKERS AND WOODCHOPPERS.S43
$3. $2 CO, $2, $1 7a, $1 50. $1. 7Cc cord; 10c,
12c. lCc each; tools and provisions found; some
fares raid and at mines; Portuguese milker.
$35 acd found.
2 men or strong boys for a slaughter-houae.
$20 & fd;_36s jobs not advertised.. COME SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C 36 Clay st.
A— HOTEL— BAKERY— LAUNDRY.
SS cooks— COME PEE— $5O, $45. $40. $33, $30 fd
4 first. 5 second, 3 third bakers; also, boys and
helpers $45, ?40, JO5. $30, $23, $20, $15 fd
6 laundrymen, ironers, shirt backer, polisher,
etc $25. $30, $35 and found
Chore boys for bakery; porters, hotels and
restaurants; waiters, country hotels and res-
taurants, city and country. $25, S3O and found
and $S to $10 week; 8 ranch cooks. $15 to $30
and found; dishwashers, kitchen help, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL SPECIAI/
45 men, no experience required,
FARE PAID.
Wages $2?, $30. $35 and J4O and fd: you'll nit;
no Sunday work; steady Job. COME SEE. !
MURRAY & READY. 631 and 636 Clay M.
A No experience required on this Jcb and !
we pay your fare.
23 laborers for the milla, woods and yards of
large company. $26. $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 60S Clay «t ;
A— SPECIAL
Kutcher. country shop $30 and found i
6 extra waiters, fare paid; waiter, $40, faro
paid; cook, saloon. $30 and fd; boys to learn ¦
trades, $3 week; wagon maker. $45 and found-
choreman, $50. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
A— 3oo MEN WANTED TO-DAY
Railroad work: long Jobs J2 a day <
Free transportation to the work. Apply to
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/5....104 GEARY ST
CO laborers for sawmills and woods, no ex-
perience required. $26 and beard? fare ad- '
vanced. see boss here: 20 laborers near city '
J26 and board; 10 miners. $2 f.O day; machin- '
Ist, $3 a day; blacksmith. $2 50 a day; black-
smith helper. $2 25 a day; 20 farmers, $20 and
$26-10 milkers. $25 to $30; 1 stonemason, rail- j
roafl work, $4 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st.
A FRY cook $60; broiler. $55: second cook. ]
country hotel. $30; cook, country restaurant
$30; cook's apprentice, country hotel $'"o- 2 •
second cooks, country hotel $40; 'baker's ]
helper, $30; 10 waiters, city and country $25
• $35 and 140: 20 dishwashers and kitchen hand*' •
J2O. $25 and $30. C. R, HANSEN & CO 104 '
Geary St.- "*
A SHAMPOOER for springs; J35 to $10 and \
found. C. It. lIANSEX h CO.. 10 1 Geary st.
'. ' WANTED " ]
Stableman on private place in country "i">k
and found * *
Blacksmith for dredger. $40 per' "month" and •
board; good, steady Jnb ]
5 laborers for mine, no experience renuVreii'
$2 per day; 10 milkers, near city. $23. $J0 an.i 1
board: 10 haying hnnds $26 and found
second or third-hand baker, for country shnn
$30 and found; 2 waiters J35 ' d ,Jj :
Cook for . lunch counter In city, 540 an.l
others. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED ]
5 able-bodied young men to work about* mini
and learn mining, at $2 p«r day: good chance
W. P. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st. CnanCe - .
WANTED ; FARE P\ID
10 men for larpe sawmill and lumber com-
pany; no experience required; $2*5 and board-
see boss here. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay!
BITTTERMAKER. $33 to $40; 8 milkers, $30 and
found; gardener and wife, $55; farmers »"rt
wives. $10 to $r,O; farmer?. S2». $*5 ™fi j~f. o •
blacksmiths, $2 50 to J3 day; wheelwright Vr 0 1
day; starcher and polisher for country' i4O
fare allowed; stablemen ft»r country, $25- band •
sawyer. $S5 and board: laborers and woods :
men. $26 to $33. fare allowed; machlntetfor
country; miners milkers, boys for factor?" *
carpenters for mine and many others J p"
CROSETT AGENCY. 623 Sacramento it.
WANTED-^Fry cook. $3>f brontr.^lss": cook fiw C
country boardlns-house, $40. $33- baker tnl
country $10 w-ek: cook for mining carrp $30
fare paid: cook. $10 week, $7 week; porter for
restaurant, $2o; second baker, $25; 3 dishwash-
ers. 120 month: young man in h.->tel. »M and"
found; old man. night clerk, hotel $3- vege-
table man, pot washer, other hntel and reatau- -
rant help. J. F. CROSETT. 62S Sacram'nt". 1
BARBERS' Progressive Union-Free employ-
ment. 11. Bernard. Sec, ltM 7th; tel. Jessie 102. :
WANTED— Second man In fancy goods- must
understand laces, -embroideries, gloves ' hand
kerchiefs, veiling and necUwcar thorcujrhlv <
state age. exi>erlenfc. reference, salary An' '
ply box 4557. Call office. »su.ry. Ap _
DRAUGHTSMAN and surveyor for service In
an Interior county. Address, statins exper-
ience and qualifications. SURVEYOR bor
3447, Call office. ' r
KITCHEN hand: cook short orders- close 12 ml"
Sunday; $20 and room. 23 First st. *
WANTED— A good bread and cake baker at
15C9 Polk st. -
BOY wanted at Union Square Market. Stalls
WANTED— Young man with some experience
In plumbing. Apply to 17 Drumm st.
BUTCHER wanted as partner with $100 capital 5
HELP WASTED — MALE.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter. 18 to IS;
good habits; references: live home: good sal-
ary- BUSINESS WOMEN'S CLUB. 327 Mlit.
' A FEW bright business men of ability; salary
to s™d men. BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB,
t 9-7 Market at.
- A MAN and w!fe for hotel: must have some-
s furniture; responsible parties only.- BUSI-
NESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 827 Market St.
s A BRIGHT man wanted for 13-aere. fruit ran?h:
experienced; $25 and found. EU3INES3
WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market at.
" BARBER wanted; steady. 131 Second rtrt«t.
ALL size men's shoes, slijrhtly damag°d. half
price. SK2 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED- First-class cutter: merchant tailor-
ing; steady position; good salary. Apply bex
' 4:53. Call.
' FIRST-CLASS painter for jM?" work. Corner
Twentieth and Capp. Call 7:33.
! WANTED — Bushelman wanted who understands
pressing- S. MICHAEL. 117 Leldesdorff st.
, WANTED— Aa old man with reference. 30
Hannah at., Oakland.
[ BRIGHT boy. IS to 20. apprentice tn assay of-
fice; good chance to learn business; salary
nominal. Address box 4343. Call.
MEN to »«11 Si pants: big: money for «ood hus-
tlers. Room 3S. Pfcelan building.
. BARBER fixtures; complete met tor 4 chairs:
cheap. 1201 Polk at.
FIRST-CLASS mechanic and a housesmlth at
Hermann's Safe Factory, 417 Sacramento «t.
WANTED— A man and wife for a family In th«
country, near the city; man must know how
to milk and take care of horses: references.
Call ISI2 Washington, bet. 11 and 1 o'clock.
WANTED— Tailors tn Kern, Bakersfleld station.
by L. Clar. a
FIRST-CLASS cutter, fitter and designer on
ladies' tailor gowns. A. CAXLLEAU. 114-111
Keamy »t.
BOYS everywhere to distribute circulars, ma-
rles; sood pay. Royal. Gum Co.. Chicago.
WANTED— Reliable man with small caplt.il for
light, genteel work; can make fls to |1S per
week: steady place. Apply 1014 Market at..
room 10.
GET your shoes half-soled while walttnir: 2So
to SCc. 5C2 M las Inn st.. bet. Ist and 2d »ta.
COOK— Crystal Hotel. Fourth and Berry sta.
CARRIAGE painters wanted at O'BRIEN- A
I SON'S. Golden Gat* aye. and Polk rt
GOOD general tailor wanted Immediately. 1713
Ocean aye., Insleslde.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng at C 3 Com-
mercial St.
WANTED—* carpenters; AprlL t a. m. 1305
Ellis st.
PAINTER for atag« Tuesday morning. 213
Post Bt.
BARBER shop for sale or rent; rent Jl5 per
month, including furniture. Apply 133 Oough.
A— SNAP— S-chalr barber shop. 1100: well lo-
cated; good trade. Apply 1543 Market «t.
AN experienced butcher wanted to take car* of
a route; salary and commission on new trad*
solicited; state reference and wares expected.
Box 4*40. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS co*tm aker for inside; wmWt or
piece. MARK LEVY. 22% Geary st.. room t>.
SOLICITOR for a merchant tailor store; wagw
or commission. 1215 Market st.
BARBERS— 3-chalr outfit. complete. almost
new, at a bargain. 911 Larkla ¦-
WANTED— 2 proficient engineers and I capable
lever men for dredger: high wages; none but
men of financial responsibility need apply.
Address box 4627. Call office.
WANTED — ilen and women to learn barber
trade; only two months requtred. GORDON
Barber College. 417 N Main st.. Loa Angeles.
FIRST-CLASS custom shirt cutter: state refer-
ence and experience. Box 4535. Call office.
BUSHELMAN Rt once. BELASCO & 11AR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market it.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
WANTED— La barer? and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House- proprietor, st'.ll
runs Denver Hnu.««\ 217 Third st. : KW larg<»
rooms : 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
I MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
! barber school. 741 Howard St.
BOY 14 to IS: make himself generally useful
in factory. 723 Market st.. room 33.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, V. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between th»
ages of 21 and 33 years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches anO not over S feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons woo have legally *w!arer» their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writ*
and speak En^llsfy properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting 1
Orflce. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal. or
ZZO X St., Sacramento, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: onty re-
quires six to eight weeks: day and evening
class: special inducements this season; only
institution in the world teaching this trade":
map of c!tr and illustrated catalo— ue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. GS
Clay st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. Jl per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Keamy.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: H
years* practice; Examiner bid?.
WINCHESTER Hotel. +4 Third St.. near Ihr-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: reading room; fre-s
"bun and baggage to and from the '»¦ ¦r.
LTNPELL Hous?. corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 13c to :.>c per night; 73c to $2 per week.
CLAPSrFITTD advert lse— erts and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. ;2}o Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has fceen established at 1098 Va-
lpncla st.
HORSES. MVR STOCK. Etc — For Snle
40 KORSEfI for sale; also wagons, busr*l««.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade HorM Market.
527 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HANDSOME black carriage team, stands 1&-2.
. perfectly gentle: also 10 head of horses weigh-
lns from 1200 to 1300 pounds, at Union Staole.
562 Howard «t.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horse* at 16n
and 1K25 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
LARfSE —-ay mare. 133; also black horse. "3.
13 City Hall aye.
FOR §ale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
oW. DAL7IEL. vet. .I»nt.. HCS Pollen Oat* ay.
HOUSES TO IXT.
A— PRINTED list: houses t"> Ist: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMDSEN & CO.. U Montgomery.
BROADWAY. VM. near Vnn NVss aye.— bunny
house of 7 rooms, bnth «nl ba«ement; newly
renovated: tine yard; i-table: 130.
ELEGANT sunny house near park; S rooms
and bath. Cor. Hayes and Devlsadero sta.
HOWARD. 374. near Second— i rooms, bath;
very nice and clean: only 818. "
HOL'SE of 4 rooms: 20S Perry St.. near Fourth;
rent $7 50: water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.. 14 Montgo— . ery st.
HOUSE of 2 flats, either who!* or separate;
reasonable; 30: Fulton at. Inquire at 820*4
Jesale St.. off Ninth.
TO rent— For the summer; complete furnuh-.l
house of 7 rooms, bath, line garden, pur-*
iprlng water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of ham. horses and YehlclM; 3
mtles from St. Helena : H mile from station.
For particular* address HENRY LANOS
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Cal.: also cottaga
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
UPPER part of building at C 29 Mission »t.:
contains IS rocms.
1522 Pacific ay.; 10r..SGn 1136 Howard; 20r K3
l.;io California: 7r... 3G 203 Grant ar.; 50r..13q
nOCSES TO LET — PURMSIIED.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on_ Pacific avenue, bettv een Bu-
chanan and Webster; 11 rooms and servants*
room; 1 bedrooms: sun In every room- every
thing in perfect order; stable on rear »tre»t:
wi!l rent for 6 months or a t-'rm of veira.
J. H. GILMORE. 323 Montgomery »t.
HANDSOMELY furnished house or flat;' mod-
em Imp .: in choice \\ estern Addition locaMnn-
7 t.-» I^> rm.«. : ref. : nn eh') f i^ n . tt<\-x 4fj<.t. r\<in"
LOST AND FUL\D.
jioo ""reward! """""' ""
Lest, on Wednesday. Aprtl IS. 1900. a chain
bracelet of emeralds, Karneta and sanph'-e-f
jet with diamonds. The above re wart w»!
be pal.l for the return of the bracoVt ia
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont S omer y It
A SS^S, y ? qr » terrter; »^7^
MEDICAL. ~
D^GOO^W^^hT^^TTkn^wn la'dieTThysT:
clan, formerly of 401 Van Ness returned "rori
SeSSTent *£- . adv * nc^ .""c wledge;' gSnfecd
d^?-^- l^'.**'* ana reliable cure In ona
oay. *•> years" successful oractlce In q F •
maternity home; low fee,. IiOTH Market iv
M 2«« S-'S -' SS AI^ E , N - ias Market, ladies' spec.al-
.VA £^if I ?. Nte * d trea tnient at office. $5; saf*
and reliable; consultation free; bourn 10 to 3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1900.
10CO.VNER- In San Rafael, April 22. 1900, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Cornelius Conner,
mother of William. Emma C. and James Con-
ner and grandmother of Kaundel Creed and
William F. Conner, a native of Chelsea,
Mass., aged 45 years 5 months and 25 days.
CT?"ri(»nd3 and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
fTuesday, at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Second street. San Rafael, thence to
St. Kaphael'B Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
CRAIG— A solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repo*» of the soul of the late
John Craig in St. Dominic's Church, corner
Bush and Steiner streets, to-morrow (Wednes-
day) mornlne. at 8 o'clock. Friends are re-
spectfully Invited to attend.
DALTOX-In this city, April 23. 1900, Irwln W..
beloved pon of Edward and Myra M. Dalton.
and brother of Peter E. Dalton and the late
Minnie A. McCarthy and Georre A. Dalton. a
native of San Francisco, . aged 26 years 3
month* and C days. ¦
ITTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Wedneßday>, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 12 Elizabeth street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets, where r requiem hlgrh mass will
b<? celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DKDERKY— In this city. April 22. 1300, Julia,
dearly beloved wife of Henry Dederky and
mother of Mrs. H. F. Fortmann. 11. Dederky
Jr. and the late Mrs. L.. Flaville. a native of
Klingenmunster, Germany, aged 63 years.
(Xew York papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resl-
¦ dence, 123 Fell street, thence to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Interment private. Please omit
flower".
DOSCHER— In this city. April 21. 1900. Claus
Doscher, beloved brother of Tonjes Doscher
and Mrs. W. H. Lohelde of Eureka. Cal.. a
native of Anckelohe, Kreis Lehe, Hanover.
Germany. a*ed 64 years 10 months and 13
days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 134 Fourth street, between Mission and
Howard. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
DWYER-In this city. April 22. 1900. Loretta
A., dearly beloved daughter of the late Pat-
rick and Ann Dwyer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years and S months.
ICT'The funeral will take place from the
residence of her sister. Mrs. W. E. Di-
mn. fc24 Bush street, this day (Tuesday), at
10 o'clock, thence to St. Brlpld's Church.
Broadway and Van Ness avenue, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoos* of her soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ECKLER— In this city. April 21. ISOO. Robert
E., beloved husband of Mary Eckler, a na-
tive of Sprlnsfleld, 111., aged 64 years.
t7The funeral will take place th!s day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 934 Dolores street, thence to St. James
• Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his *mil. com-
mencins at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
EVERETT— In this city. April 23. 1500. Masele
C, beloved wife of Harold F. Everett, daugh-
ter of William and Kate Erwln of Virginia
City, and sister of William and Mollie Er-
wln. a native of New York, aged 23 years.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FLYNN— In thl* city. April 22, 19C0. John Jo-
ie?h Flynn, a native ot Benicia, aged 38
years.
FOP.TIER— In this city. April 22. 1300. at his
residence. 2917 Washington street. Pierre A.,
beloved husband of the late Elizabeth Fortier.
a native of Havre, France.
CyThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock,' at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church. California street.
omit flowers.
GERABECK— In this city. April 23. 1500, Frank.
beloved husband of Gerty Gerabeck. a native
of Hungary, aged 72 years.
GOLDMEYER-In this city. April 23. 1900,
Jv>uis. beloved husband of Fanny Goldmeyer.
a native of Hessen- Darmstadt, Germany, aged
77 years and S months.
GOODMAN— In this city. April 23. 1900. after a
ling-ering illness, Helen, widow of the late
Adolph Goodman, and beloved mother of
Laura and Emanuel Goodman, a native of
Germany, ased 70 years and ? months. (Cin-
cinnati and Chicago papers plea?e copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
(Tuesday), at 12 'o'clock^ from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co.. lIS Geary street.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. No flowers.
GOREVAN— In tnls city. April 21. 1900. wil-
Ham P. 1., beloved son of James and Mary
Gorevan. and brother of James J.. Joseph.
Ella. Anna and Agnes Gorevan, Mrs. Louis
Vincent and the late John Gorevan, a native
of San Francisco.
(CyFriendF ar.d acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
tTui-sday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
or the parents. 1525 Clay street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the reDOse of hi« soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HART— In Stockton. April 20. 1900. Ellzaheth.
late Huth R. Hart, and ooujin of John E.
Sullivan, a native of New York, aged 54 years.
E7The funeral will take" place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
ma*s will be celebrated for the repose or her
soul, commenclns: at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JONES— In this city. April 23. 1900. Peter Paul,
beloved son of Mr. and Mr.«. John J. Jones,
and brother of Thomas P. Jones. Mrs. J. Sex-
ton. Mr». A. Mesendumk and" Reynold. An-
tona, John and Edward Jones, a native of
California, aged IS years and 6 months.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KARABECK— In the City and County Hospital.
April 23. 1900, Frank Karabeck. a native of
Hungary, axed 71 years.
KING— In Stockton. April 22. 1900. Geori<? "Wt.
King, husband of ilarstaret King:, dearly be-
loved father of Mrs. Louisa M. Neave. and
brother of Mrs. H. J. Layton. Mrs. M.
Thompson and John Kin?, a native of New
York State, aged 69 years 3 months and 13
days.
!C7"F"riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at the residence of
his son-in-law. 1323 Henrr street. Berkeley-
MeCARTHY-In this city, April 23, I&<X>. Mac
G.. beloved dauehter of John J. and Ellen J.
McCarthy, a native of San Francisco.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McPHERSON'-In this city. April 21. 19M. Rob-
ert, beloved husband of Bridget McPherson.
and father of Abbie and Lucy McPherson, a
native of Shetland, Scotland, a&ed 72 years.
C^Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 713*4 Union street, thence to Old Pio-
neer Hall. SOS Montgomery street, where
services will be held under the aurolces of
Riggers' and Stevedores' Association and
Mlnntonomah Tribe No. 9. Imp. O. R, M.. at
2 o'clock. ¦ Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association—
The detail from Patrick Meade to Bernard
McCarthy. Inclusive, are hereby notified to
assemble at their hall this day (Tuesday).
at 1 o'clock, to ray the last tribute of respf»ct
to our late brother. Robert McPherson. By
order. THOMAS KORD. Tresldent.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec.
MACEY— In this city. April 22. IMO. Isaac, be-
loved husband of Catherine Macey. a native of
Southampton, England, aged $6 years.
tTThe funeral services will take place
this day (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. In-
terment private.
MADGE— In this city. April 21. ISM. Mary Ann. •
wife of Frederick Madste. a native of Eng-
land. In the 66th year of her age.
E7"Friendq and acquaintances ar? respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at -12:30 o'clock, from th» fu-
neral parlors of Bunk«r & Lunt, JSSS Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. ' Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland. .
METER— Tn this city. April 23. 1300. Albert,
beloved husband of the late Anna M. Meyer.
father of the late Anna E. Meyer, broth: r of
Dledrlch Meyer, and brother-in-law of Mrs.
F.. Myer. a native of Leeste, Hanover, Ger-
man v. njred 63 years 9 months and 18 days.
CTFYlends pnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
. of his brother, D. Meyer, 2132 I'nion street.
gelical Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and
Ooueh streets, where rervlces will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O.
• O. F. Cemetery-
MURPHY-ln this city. April 23, 1300. Hannah,
beloved wife of William A. Murphy, mother
of William J. and the late John D. Murphy,
and sister of Patrick McDonald and the late
Mrs. Crowley and the late Mrs. Brlckley. a
native of Ireland; aeed 57 years.
ICyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PIKRSON-In the City and County Hospital.
April 22. IW, Charles Plerson. a native o.'
Norway, ajced 50 years.
ROWE-TRAUTMAXN-April 23. "1300. 4 p. m..
Rowe-Trautrr.ann. Nt rest, Harriet M. Dodge,
beloved mother of Maud M. Rowe.
SUBLETTE— In FmUvale. April 23. 1300. Wil-
liam A. Sublette. beloved husband of Jessie
FV. Sublette. father of Willie M. and Joel A.
Sublette, son of. the late William and Maria
Sublette. and . brother of Mr?. Clara Fmise,
Maria Dassonville. Nellie. Ftartells and Rich-
ard Sublette. a native of "Wisconsin, a^red 52
year 1 ? and S months.
CTNotlee'bf funeral hereafter.
SZARVASH (ne- HIRSCH) —In Healdsburg.
April » 21. I* o0 ' Samuel T. Szarvash (ne
Hirsch). a native of Austria, aged S3 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marlni & Co., 15K Stockton street,
thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery for crema-
tion: private.
TRABER-In this city. April 22. 1900, Ella,
only and beloved child of Ulrich and Ella
Traber, a. native of San Francisco, azed 11
diys.
TRUMAN-In this city. April 3. 1900. Irwln
Clark Joseph. - beloved husband of Mercedes
'Truman, father of Ceymour. Viola. Lucelle.
Annlta, Raymond and Robert Truman, and
son of I. J. and P. Truman, a native of
Canada, aged 39 years a months and 17 days.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow'
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late red.
¦ dence, 2415 Howard street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. '
KfliTiirux iMt'irie cojipajit.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LKiYz — From Apmi. 13. 1305. — akeiti
•T:OOa Betilcia, Sntenn. Elmira. VacaviUe.
Kamse; \u<X mcr*nu*uto *<:f 3r
•7:00.t Shasta Eiprfn-Ikiri«, Willowf.
U»t BluH. Portland *7:15p
•7:W» Marlins*. bau Ramon. VsU'ejo. N»p».
C»!iitog» »nd S»nt» Row ..... *S:l->r
•S:3O* The. OferUnd Li»nit#jl— Ogdea. Lvn-
»er, Oiu»h*. Citicagn *3il3p
••:::i»» San Jvse. Lltemiyr?. Stockton,
lone. Hacraiiieiito. PlaevniUe.
" Marjsiilie. Cbico. Ueil liinlf 'lil-ir
•»:3Oa •Milton, <>»kila!e.tv>m.r!». Carters... •I:I-"Vp
•!!:«(»» lUjsui.i. Nilrt »u<l ViiJ Stations. •! l:»»»
"JiOiulJiiii. Woodland. K night* Landinc,
Manvrßta, Urotllle »7: lay
•O:OO.« A r!inti • r'.ipreas— Oifien aod I'nt •!»:!•">»
'¦ ¦U:O»a M»rtit>ez. TrA.-v. Lit-tup, Htocktoo,
Mrrc-«1 Ai.d frexnu »ia:l3p
•B:MUa Port Costa. Kcesuu. Mujafe kud I ¦ *
AiiscK'k •fctSf
•IO:A»« Valli-jn. Martinci »n<MV *j Station *6:l^p
¦II:OOa JJlles. IJTermore. Htoektijn. Hacrm-
men'o, "I'rtJ'.: i. llaufoid, Vnali*.
Porter»i!le •Ijllp
•ia:O«M UajmrJs. Waj Station*. '*:l*r
tl:n«r S»cr»mento Klier 4>mmen t^:O»p
•:'.:o<>r Ha;\rards, Niles tr.i W*y SUtiocs. *3:4.1p
•4:<*»r Mwtln— ;. ttmm Unrirt. Vallvja,
.V i| *. ri.i'iti,,-.!. Saiita Koss •!»!:.¦»»
Mi«»r Bjnici*. Vae*«Ule. B»eraiuen!o,
W*,,;:a.-.1. KxixbU l.*n.!ii.<.
Marrstille. OriiiUlo 'I*:!. I **
•l:3OrNl!es,.S».ri.l"»e»iiil.Stnrttmi *7:13p
*3:OOrTbo Dwl Limited— Tiacj. Fiesnn.
BakersdclJ. -jrjm (or ru::t» Bmr-
>>.u*. I.us Aa«:?!es .¦¦. •¦••€•«
•»:30p Stockton. Mcree.!. Fresno •I»:l.'iy
•3:3«»r rr«mnu.>lUUenilii-l>l. .".»;.•.» Kulian,
I.us A tig le*. Iferoioz. £1 Faao.
New OrlKVitaud r.j»". *9:13*
•3i3«lr S«nt» ¦*¦ Umite— Atlnntla Eiprera
for Jluja»t «ml »j"t *•:«:»»
•B:OOp IlajwarU*, Nileaaml .^aii Juis •7i*-"»4
(«:2ltr V:ille;.> *l*:|.lr
•«»:3«i- Oriental Mail— «>g<len. Cbejenne.
* Omaba, Chicago *l:ISi
••:30r Oriental Mail— Ozden. Denter.
Omaha, Chicago *4:13p
•7:0 Op Yall.-j», I. ¦!*. Custa and Way rt-.a-
tions t0:3.1p
•»:«3f Oreacuit aad Cali!ur:iia 1. « ;t, •». ->«s-
I.l:l. eiiti.. '.Ur)i ii>. IJ.-.i.1i,..-.
r...t:»i..1. I'.utet n,,.i,,.1 ami Kaat *<:I3»
t() AS I I»IT|nH>N (.larran Vuft).
(Fwtof M.irkctSUeet.)
{7:43 a Bant* Cnu Eicursion for Santa
Cruz and Frinciyal Way {Stations J»:O3r
•»: 1 5* New»rt.«>iit.-rf ilir.^an Jf^e. lrtlon.
ll.ni.cirKi' «¦«..- ii.Ukl'iii? »..-! VTay
Hutlnns ••:2<»r
t»:l3r Sewtik, Cenferriilp, .San .low*. New
Alniatleu. f.lton. liouMnr Creek,
Sauta Ciuz a:tiS I'riucl^al Waj
SUtions t »•»:••»«»
MtlSf Newark, S»n J.we. Los Oatos ••:¦•*•»»
a4:!sp tilenwool. Felton. HaaU Cniz «'»:-'%«» a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSiS r.USC: -¦;.¦ — »«: .' aarttl Slrt»t (SIIJ Si —
•7:15 900 ll:00t.M. J133 '2C3 13 C 3
•I-:: t5::: 'ecai-.u.
rrt!att»lUJ3— Fjft •rßnwiw.T. — -«:00 800 10.00*. a.
112:3 *i:» ».c: *3::: 11:3 •icar.v.
(insr in vision (iti—iin«Mf )
rrhini ami Tow risen. I 8U)
fOiliiv Ocean Vi-w. Smith h»n Krs.uci.«co.. |«U3«f
t«:<i»« Sati .lorn »...! Way Hta'.ioivi i-Nc/
Al>n»'lf>>i \\-.i!ie'.!i>«.-v!r) *I:3l>r
J7:30.« Sund»y Exrursiun for Saa Joes;
Santa Cniz. Pacific GroTo and
Vrin^pal Way Stations XSs33»
•!):««* Mho Jimp. Tm li"..». Kanta Crux,
Vactiie ilniie. l"a».> KuWes. S»i»
l.iim OHM B»rr. I.orapoc and
rrtodt*] WaySUOma *-l;H»p
•lOiIO* San Juse »¦..: WaT Ktatinua ••»**«
•I !::«•« 5»n.1..3-,Lo«<:a?o3 •"•! \V»y-«t«»iiv.« •JiSOF
f3»l3rBsn Mar-i., i- ..;¦*.. .-1. m -.: . r» : «.
Pslo Alto, rianta Clara, S.m .li"<e.
Tres Vinos. Smta Vmm. Salinaa.
Mn-i-^i-y :n..i rayeMs GXVM «IO:^n«
t:t::tor s'an.los- im-i W«jr Sta-ions 'TiSop
MIISO Ba« Jo— rnni Pllacla«l Waj Htatiima ".»: Iji
|}:<M>r S >n Jose. Los Ca-tos and I*rincip«l
Way .Stations i?»:O«»»
•3:3np Saii.l<*« an.l Principal Way .Stations tS:3-T*
¦S:3»rHuij3uani Wj| i Station* ?«:•!«»
6 1 1 :4'.y .Sa» Jow.u.l Way »7;30r
A for Moriuii(. 1* d>r Afternoon.
•Daily. t SimdaT et<-<M>ted. : Sunday only.
f-.-j-r.riia>- only.
a S«tnn!»y and 9iacday. c Sunday acd Slocday.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTERN RY. CO.
. LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPASY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of .Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:aC. 3:00. 11: JO a. m. ; i::35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. B. Thursdays— Estra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at t£&
ar.rj 11:30 d. m.
6UNDATS-8:00. 9:30, 11X0 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3 U.
5:00. 6:i» d. m.
i SAX RAFAEL, TO SAN FRAXCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50. 9:^>. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturday a- Extra trips at
I:£3 »rwl 6:33 d. m. •
SUNDAYS- S:10. »:40. U:1O a. m. : 1:* O. S:4O.
5.C5. 6:25 r. m.
Between San FranciscD and Schuetren Park
aur.e sctie^ule as above.
Leave I In EfT^ct. ,' Arrlv«
San Francisco. [Apr. U. In. ft. ' San Francisco.
Week t Saa- I | Sun- I We*i~
Days. [ days. | Destination.] day*. I Daysu^
7:3 >am S:0O amt Hovato. 10:40 ami S:4» ana
3:30 pm 9:30 araj Petaluma. «:05 pmilt):^ aa»
6:1) pm S:CO pm! Santa Rcsa. 7:53 pm| 1:20 pm
r Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 an
Healdsh-drs-
Lytton.
Geyserville.
1:30 pm S:COam Cloverda'e. 7:33 pm l:Mpa
T:» ami I Hopland I |I<»:5S am
3:30 pra! S:<)0 amf and tTclan. I T:S3 pra] s.zo pra
7:3) arr.' ) |10:26 am
{ 8:0O am GuemeTllle. I 7:35 pmi
l:»pm| I |«:Mpjn
7:30 ami 8:C0 am! Sonoma I 5:15 am! 8:40 am
1 I and 1
B:1D pmf S:CO pal Gl?n Ellen, f K.-Cojim! «:?> pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am! (10:40 am! 10:25 am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| Sebastcpol* i 7:35 pm| «:2n pnx
Stajres connfot at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprlnpu and Whits Suljhur Sprinsa; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Spring* : at
Geyserv-ille for SkagS9 Fprinsa: at Cloverial*
for th«? <T«>ysprs: at Hopland for Duncan
EpriTisrs. Ilijj^Tnnrl Sor!ntr?i Kelseyvill^. O^rls-
ba^i Springs, t^oda Bay. Lahet>ort ar.d Hartlet;
Sprin?a; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Kprincs. Blue !.;ikr". Laurel Dell 1-ake. TVltter
?prtnss. tTpper I.ak». Ponw. Potter Valley.
John Day*«, Riverside, Ll<*rley'a, Eucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe. Orr"s Hoe
Springs. Menrfoclno City. Fort Bragz. TTest-
port. Usal, Willlt!>, Layt^nvme. Curnmlns.
Bell's Srnnss. Harris, Ol3ea's, Dyfr. Scotia
¦ n<i Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
r«Juce<l rate!».
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
be-t-ond Pan Rafa»! at half rates.
Tlrket r>fflf~. SCO Market st.. Chronlrl. olcJs.
H. C. WinTTNG. H. X. RTAN.
Ceneral Manacer. Gen. Pass. Asent.
California [imited
Santa Fe Route
To CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across tbe continent.
Connecting Tkaix Leaves Sax Francisco?
*• 4 P.n. Monday. Wednesday, Fridaj' and
sztun!ar. arriving in Chicago st 2 15
P.n in time to connect with aD lirniira
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leares San Francisco at S:3O
pvnr>pcc p. ra. with Palace aa^J Toari3t
DAILY ChLd?o and East.
Local trains Vtween StcKkton, VALLEY
Fresafl. Hanford, Visalia, Talare Dn . n
and Bakerifield. ' ROAD
SEE YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 623
•f risco soon n&ZSZZgS&x**
way; Sacrancnto,2ol J Street; San Jcsc,7 West
Santa Clara Street.
MILL VALLET AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
SCKXIC RAILWAY- Commencing Sunday.
April 22. 1900. via Sausallto Kerry. Weelc
dajs— Leave San Francisco, 9:3" a. m.. 1:45 p.
ra. Smidays— Leave San Francisco. S a. nv.
9 a. m.. 10 a. m.. It a. m . 1:03 p. m>. IC)
p. m. Tickets can bs purchased at the Saa-
galito Ferrj-. norU) end of I'nion Ferry Depot.
foot of Market st.. San Fraa^-tsi-o. Far*.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>2^KEACXY«T. E3tahlish*d
I>iseaaes. Loot >lan b.'x xt. DeMUtjTor
rtHpaseTearinson bodyandmindand
Skin Diseases. 'i'h«rloctorcnr»swb>>i>
ntbersfalL Try him. Charj.. lot.
4 tirrttnnrantrftl. Callorwrltß,
; or. J. * . «. (UliO.V, Box 1957. d&a FraacUca
MEDICAL
rr <; W. O*DOXNKLt_ the world-renowned
i.idie*' »j>e<- ii'.:st: Fafe and reliable: has prac-
¦ l\cei in ?• F. for years; treated thousands cf
.jiff* successfully: treatment can b# used _t
hnr.**: free: success guaranteed
\V»!t" cr iali at ;GC:r-i Market et.
111. NO TOY KEE. late .* Canton. China, tea
fc-o herb *£.;-.. tanum. TC4 Sacramento St.. cor-
ner "f ik.ea.rar: all diseases and ailments
<ur*& exr'.ushrcly by Chinese herbs aad teas;
»<svice frtt; olSce hours. 10 a. ir-.f to 12 in
7 t.-> 5. p. m. »nd 7 to 9 p. m.
Mil:? UR KOHL. Udies' specialist— Ouar-
• TU«»ej irr**ment at rfflce. $i; safe and re-
'ab'.e: cocsuUaUon free. V.2U Market «t.. brt.
Ms»on and Taylr-r: hours 9 «. m. to & p. m.
MRS J.R \VTi:TK. > enable specialist; home
:r. confinement ; riiarn:iteed treatment at of-
fice, it; any allrr.^nt; consultation free; con-
?l<".»-ni!a!. WI Fust ft.. »>et. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. find MRS. DAVXES. IC2S Market; ladies'
jhrpiciars; chror.lc disease* treated: Is *.e scien-
tific rr>eth'»d': cure c^jurantepj; treatment. $3.
DR. JAMJ:s S'IHRCn. :r< Turk st.. the eminent
f«"n.aie yp^vlali^t: home or o:flce treatnr.er.t.
VI-VI— DR. V.'IPE & CO.. the lajles" tptcUTlltt.
111!- Market: every case guaranteed; SS up.
DIl. and MRS. M. WEUENER- Private home
1n conflnement. ISII Golden Oate aye :
DR.~\VONG HIM. J:erb doctor, treats all dl«-
easet <t the hun-an liodv. 115 Ma^n ft.
MEDICATED BATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Paih« cure rteumatism. eczema.
¦r3 ail nerroßa troubles; ladies' department
rrmo\ed to "The Beilevue." Van N»"fs aye.,
epp Ft. Icr.-tlu*. room r2. front; no signs.
A<i.:reys for booklet. 'PP.. CONANT. 47 Post.
MI\ES A?Tn MI.MNC
GOLD -aver; we challenge all competitors;
ca/4 ar.d ccc. 37?S Fifteenth et.. or 25 J?&j>t
Ml*C Ll.i.V\i:otS I"OIl SALE.
BOILERS, englces. li-haad machinery. Me-
IN'IC.-H &. vyOLPMAN. ISS-187 Fremont st.
EARS, back tars, rcirrcrs. showcases, coun-
ter?, linclesiru, office furniture, t*. v -:e and of-
fice furniture and fixture*; new and second
h__>i. 3. NOONAX. 1017-ICH-IC2I-1C23 illsaion
et.. at-ove Sixth.
ONE ¦'cond-har.d metal turning latne. planer.
drill attached; i!so second-band No. 2 !looker
steam pump. Emery gear; also pipe fittings;
1 autaXßObOe. nearly completed; 1 »econd-hand
ZZ7-Tti Peter Wright anvil; one 7-horsepower
Ci? er.g'.-.e. Ul Howard st.
A— BUTS. «e:i» cr rents gear machinery, en-
glr.es. bc'lers. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. VTHITELAW. 2M Spear et.
CAFE NOME gold nugget scarf pins. 14: win
eer.4 C. O. D. PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE.
IS Stcektcn «t-
OASCLLVE engines; all glres: eecond-ha.nd ;
cheap; guaracteed. NEWELL BROS.. 14J
Fint -t.
A KINE nit. J10; dret* pants, i: 75. MlsCt
Clcthlr.g parlors, 437 Mcntgr-roery «t.
BCBOOKSR of about fifteen tons cheap; In
good crder. W. HIATT. liM Mission at.
ONE »ater-Jacketed air pump; cheap; nearly
new. WHITE. H6 Mission 6t.
A— U t» DERBY and Fedora hats. SI 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 223 Kearny «t.. nr. Pine.
CASH registers, eecccd-hand. bought aad sold;
National and Hallwood. 1309 Mission, nr. Sth.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dition ; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
A COMPLETE outfit of Sd-hand caurase mt-
cbisery. Mclr.tosh & Wclpman. 195 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; td-hand. J. Burke, 123 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 California.
NEW and secend-hand clot raachlnea bought
ar.d sold. W. C. BEN'THAM. 1532 Market «t.
A 10-TON F-trbar.ks »ca!e and fire and bur»-
lar-proof safe. SIS California, et.
EAFEP— New and eecend-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4:3 Sacramento «t.
£ECOXD-HAN-D fireproof safe: 1 fire and buxg-
lar-rrcof ea'e; cheap. 42 Main «t.
fAFES. r.ew ud second-hand. aU sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-eified etieJcer: 1 planer and matcher: 1
sir compressor: E locomotives. 220 Fremont
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
r.00: concert records. S2 50. BACIGALUPI.
i 33 sTarUet «t.. San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS UAXTS.
ElG~rric*F raid frr~fiiir^rr«! suits. PORT^
LAND LOAN OFFirE. V, Stockton; will call.
¦WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
r.fh. H. L. TTrTITEHEAD. inn Market ft
HO.NEV TO LOA.N.
ANT proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first.
e«ccn<3 ir.crtsagei. estates In probate, interest
in esUto. lecacles. ccrporatioa loans, chattel
mortrages: confidential: ad\lce free. G. E.
OWEN", room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldp.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
ps^fF. undivided ictere«t. real estate in pro-
bate; mcrtfa««i nr<3 leca ciee bought; no de-
ity; get rr.y terms before doing busineis else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. U Montgomery, r. I.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry «t low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. M 6 Market
et.; tel. Main 164«. Branca 19 Third «t.
HO?T reliable plac* to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. XT. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
hfrfcert price for old tToId. silver, tfiamondK.
ANY amour.t by private party on furniture and
piano*: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 110 Powell st.
ON rea! e-tate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
fumiturp or pt4n*"»p ~. oo rcmov&! ; miy Amount i
|OW«St rare*. BECKER & CO., 2« Montpomer)-.
AT z!€ Kearny rt.. rtKjm S. respectable private
p^ace to borrow on watchee, diamonds; loirest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis J55.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
Fervire; cor»y <llre<-t; lo^rest interest. Rooms
(t an 4 € r «. Dor.oho* building;, 1170 Market et.
I/iANS mad* on furniture at 1H per cent: aI no
l^ar.s to eaJaried people. HARSHBARGER,
122 Ellis tt.. room 24.
JlON'EY loaned ealmried people without xecurity.
HILL, ra. 44, Merchants' Exchre. 431 Calif.
MOVET loaned; unsecured note of any man of
Food character. Prescott & Co.. F*boenlx. Ariz.
CO talaried people: without semritr: all bu»i-
ress cor.fldentlal. Tousley Co.. 3JI Parrott big.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and vtanos; 3%;
na removai: no cocmlssloaJ « Eddy ft., r. tl.
AI".-TIN'S Salary Loan Co.. SCS Parrott bulld-
Irq— Men can secure loans on personal not*.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
'.ndorser. MORRELL. €03 Examiner building-.
|SC TO tr.O.OOrt; lowest rates: Ist ar.d !d mortgi. *.
a-y propositlcn. DP.TDEX. 413 Montgomery.
OS raroltore, planes, without removal: no
r-ommlsslcn: prix-ate. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF rcur property Is mortsratred and you need
• rr.cre rscney tee H. MURPHT. 630 Market gt. '
T"O Faloried men. ¦wltbotJt collateral or Indor*»r:
rther propcslticr.s; private rooms. San Fran- |
<-l.«ro Dis'-r/jr.t Agency. I<3 Phelan building.
MUSICAL I>STRC3IK.VTS.
AS we represent the b*st make of pianos In '
every trade, from Steinway down to low-
ir'.c'd iT.aken. and as our installment pay-
n><r.u are easier than thos« of other dealers.
rye fire the people from mbcni you should
poretiase; new upright pianos, it cash. It per
rr.or.th: other places $3. $4 and S3 p« r month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Sleinway Dealers,
cor. K*arr.y and Butter ets.. San Francisco;
ccr. Thirteenth aad Broadway. Oakland.
— — - -
DO NOT cell poor pianos.
AYE I/O >dl jood pianos cheap. '
V'E WAST to show yoy how cheap w# can
»-*li a g-x-t piano. MAUVAIS SII-"SIC CO..
~O Market st. .'
OUR LEADERS are DECKER t SON. «nd
PACKAKD; either oik will cult j-ou: they are
tbe Uesi that money will buy; we *e\\ on pay-
trer-rs '.I rou wish. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. j
_:«» Market »t. . j
V' "AN !,»»• any kind cf a musical instrument I
<¦:-. !:.»ta!inwr.U from us. MAL'VAIS MUSIC
' "¦ • . ~i.'j Market »t.
A FEW cf r.ur miiny *n*si:
?-.i-ill upright til
I'jmxf-r 'JJ^rScht; special imp 1W»
t;e:k upr'.jht; excellent II?
uprijht: fine 215
Vase o;r.«nt: walnut 2JO j
na»y payment*; pianos fnr rent. EENJ. |
CURTAZ A SON, II O Farreil »t.; Chickering I
*g»oo. !
A LARGE number cf piano»~yet~7en^iin~of the j
IHarailton-Cancrcft itocjt: £telntvay cor.etrt
rr»r.«l». Cbickerir.s. Hsllett & Davis. Ellir.*-
t-.'ti. etc. -. ?:-:-•- czs a r . ; uprights. *Co up:
Jan.'L*. 50c up; eu!tar«. Jl up; mandolin*. $2
tip- Cyron Mauxy P^no \V«r»roorcs. XCS-Sl2
Iv^ft *t~. ko]^ ..--..: Sobmer and liyron Uaary
>U?CiLI:T;;LY th* cldert atid larg«»l house
Irsreft of Ctticago in KOHLEII £. CHASE'S.
Ti. 2$ and CO O'harreil st. ; p;anos. orcans and
•II nthtr musical lri«trun:«v:tn r.l all «-rade«
and price*: lernif esusy; prlc<» lowest: eveT-y-
tM;,p r^?IW« «one to please and satisfy tbe j
. •- s! " rR * r : I
KNAIin p-.an-r: n-w »ca.!e; new e"tyle»T KOII-
Li:it * «:HASIv. I' OFsrrell gt .
A f'IAXO in e«xid condition '... J4'.
IFir.^ upntiiit iiiano 'a bargain) JU.".
tijjrJslu piano (sllßhtly wj>*.i) ...$167
I'pricfct i.lano. walnut (nearly new) $JB7
Hh-<>< rrjuxlc. email mujkul imrtrument*. 6.
r. iicsic CO.. 225 Butter st.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEirrS.
A RONA l"ir>E t.ano rale (fcr storage)— Upright
J-T.. T!.o_=. r!a!i riario ?_:<>. a. B. Chase. Stein-
wrajr und other?; aiso 2 carleads fine, new,
t_!_th-f7-Ule j'ianos Just frcm N. Y. factory, ln-
tei.de-l for party !_ere hut now stored with us.
to l>e sf.id at factory prices to sive storage;
cash cr .nstailmonts; dealer*" profits saved;
_<-orne. see.. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
WILL, sell for storage, lipright, 150: Thos. Ball
rlano, f2O: A. B. Chas». Etelniray and
others. WILSON'S STORAGE. iTIO Market.
BOHMER * CO., Evron Mnuzy pianos. 3"5 to
312 Post Ft.
DOKSIOmiEJSTS from a pi.mo* factory to be
rlueed <jut at a treat «_tCTtflc__ on a?ccur.t of
Ore. Rwrn 10. Flood buiMinr.
Jr. 9J r .9 BAVED^-ICO rianns .it a sacrifice; InFtall-
_n.ents JS TR; rer.ts C. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
J2 JO-FOX rent — Kir.e upright pianu; or sell
cl:ea t ,. 34; Ke«rny st.
A FKW Oays only — New piano?. X ."0 per mo.
fc ECOTT-CUnTAZ PIANO CO.. DM Hayes st.
GOOD F!s.-her; great" l>ar_.ali-7~Sc7IMITZ. IS
Mf AII!_-ter ft., next llib<TT.!a Banlt.
FINE rise her and Ftelnway upright; sacrificed.
_KEEFFKS. 101? Van Ne«s aye.. nr. Geary st.
TV. (}. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Franc!* Bacon an.l Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR viol!.-.?, /.ith.rs. old and new. H.
MI'LLKR, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STOKDS — TO LET.
ONE rr.o. free; nice store with living rooms: $10
for 6 mcs.: worth J"5. SPECK & CO.
I LARGE store, corner Seventh and Natoma; !
use«i 30 yrs. as grocery and Falcon; reasonable.
VALENCIA.; _>S3. near Twnty-first— Large ele-
gant s.-.re; rear rcr>r..s=: large basement.
FOR rent-Elesant offices In Y. M. C A.
buildlnz. Mason and Kilts fts.
PALMISTRY.
! MME. N'Mixaard. Pres. St. Germain Colle~« of
I Palmistry: reads Ito E. 616 Geary, r.r. Jones.
PAKTXKHS WANTED.
; FITIST-CLASS painter' as partner: Atrerican
] preferred; good ref. Painter. 34u Third, r. 10. i
personals: !
I IF Anna. Otto, who rame'to this city ten years
i ago. v-islies to communicate with her brother. I
i Fred Otto, she will find him at 153 Third St. |
HELLO. GEORGE. All is OK. '
KATE. :
J MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and busltess ad-
vlce. K0 Market s=t.. seoond floor, room 37.
LEDERERS Qulntor.lca Hair Tonic mikes th«
hair look so fine and glossy; nothing else will;
SOc bottle. O. LEDKRER, I__3 Stockton st.
A—lA — I GI'ARANTEE to permanently remove the
most stubborn growth of superfluous hair by
electrolysis; caJl and Investigate my treatment
that enlarges and fully develops the bust and
neck: free treatment this week. MISS IBA-
IX>Ri: BARRETT. 1207 Market, cp. City Hall.
ONLY U for fine 14-inch switches this week.
Lederer's Foaumo Shampoo 5c pkg.; oeat par-
lors: finest haidressing In town. 2..c only;
manicuring, 25c. O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
MRS. DR. L. feirr.OEP.. late matron of Ocr-
I roan Hospital, N. V., specialist for bladder,
! kidney, skin diseases and cancer; offir-" IC6
I Fourth st. A testimonial: Wn_. Osterhold. San !
I Mateo Orphan Asylum, says: I had canc<?r on
my left leg;. I was treated by Mrs. Burger,
30« Fourth St.. and certify that I was cured
in a short time. Wm. O«=terhol_H San Mateo.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
tnf-tlc remnants. L. LEMOS. Ill" Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT. SST Jessie st.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly obtained
by using Talcott's Curling Fluid: 25c bottle.
FREE— Magnetic treatments free; cures all dis-
eases. 10-.7S Market st.
CAFT-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
eend pc-ttal. COLEMAN'S. TC6 Kearny st.
SUITS r^n easy Installments from fn_t>crte_l or
domestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co.,
IZ2 Kearny st., between Sacramento and Cali-
fornia.
ELECTRIC lights In every r"on; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms:
| 25c to Jl 50 per nlpht; tl 50 to $6 per week:
| free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific aye.,
between Pierce and Scott." rhone Steiner 3331.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. ¦vi'HITE-
IIORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden St.. Oakland.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
1 tr.g call on B. Cohen. IST Third: tel. Black 4123.
LADIES" and gents' oaFt-ofT clothing bought and
fold. Silverman. SS4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
ALASKA fur frarmentF. hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINKMAN. 109 SaM.me at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
United State*.* postpaid, for tl per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free: photo supplies: Backus
gtudlo 11 Geary «t.. ground floor. ' '
rHYSICLA.\S AND SURGEONS.
, DR- C. C_ O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence,
| 1021U Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Heal estate — city— for sale.
BARGAIN— For sale, fine sunny residence. 11
r\K?n.¥, bath, attic a^id ->a.?en.*nt; modern;
Perfect order; j_rand view; large lot Wxll.;
electric oars; might exchange in part for
smaller hous-e or sood lot. Address D. J.
MURPHY, &CS California Ft., rooms 30 and 31.
MODERN new artistic complete home of II
rw.-mf. 2 haths: Ptelner !>t., near Broadway.
the McCarthy co.
AT a -¦acriflce — 100-foot corner lot: 1 block
from care; at Colma; ¦worth $750; will be sold
at a narcain. Address T. X., Sl3 Hyde Bt.
SACRIFICE — Xew S-room. 3-story house: lot
26:9x100; with chicken house, etc.; suitable
for flats; must be sold; make on offer; JIOOO
or les^ SHADBL'RN'E. 616 Sacramento st.
PARK residence; new house of 6 rooms and
bath on Beulah H., near Cole; modern Im-
provements: street work all done; price J3SOO.
Apply on premises.
BAIIGAIN— For sale, cottage ( large rooms;
jnod^rtT Improvements. Apply on premises.
STI Twenty-eighth st.
HAVE you real estate In tbe Mission or Hor-
tier's Addition that you wish to dispose ot
Iten call on W. J. CUNX. 630 California St.
FOR nale— Factory. 10.700 feet land: sidetrack
_.6O". !*-¦.- «OOT. Ca.ll offlo.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sole
THE Esparto Colony farms In the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
]s the time of the year to arrange for tree and
40 acres and ' now sold to induce Immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
Feekers will never regret securing one of these
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earll-
en in market; good society, good schools (In-
cluding high school); macadamized roads; 2
railroad train* daily from San Francisco:
water fcr Irrigation when desired; superior to
Southern California for raisin* all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
ing Southern California experts: these lands,
with the superior soils and all other advan-
tages named, will be sold at prices far below
those acked In localities hitherto considered
unapproachable in excellence: there Is no more
Independent life than the small rtlveriifled
farmer's; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying innu-
ally as milch as $100 per acre; you can leave
fan Francisco on 8 a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Esparto and back to San Fraiiclsco
early the tame evening: you will (!n<_t an asent
et Hotel Barnes, Esparto, to show you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. I>.-
FIKKE. Woodland. CaK
ACCURATE persons.! knowledge— each ot the
tm ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list.
X I>. SICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
10 Geary st.
ALTA PU.VTA Tract. San Pablo aye.. S miles
ncrtn of Berkeley, near Santa Fe RaJlroad—
Valley land by the tcre. Jl3O to *100. Call for
mm« «tc. on O. W. HAIOHT. 461. Ca1. st
RANCH TO RENT.
j.*OR rent— ll acres of finely cultivated orchard
and house of 0 rooms; all ¦ modern Improve-
ments; would be suitable for summer board-
Inr place; rent reasonable. Address DR.
CONTtAL>. 211* Geary st.
UOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. HCS-Three furnished rooms and bath
fcr housekeeping. ' *
CALIFORNIA. 251J— 2 or » sunny furnished.
rc&m*: light housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
erences exchanged: private famllr.
CO M PLKTKLY furnished parlor, two bedrooms
and kitchen: rent only $12, including; water.
Apply at tl5 S*cond »t.
COX McAllister. SJ4 I^aguna— Handsomely fur-
nished larre *unny front suite, $16; abo mod-
em fittings for light hskpg.; St. James.
FIFTH, 24S— Two nice housekeeping rooms;
rent cheap.
FOLSOM. S34 — Large runny bay-window room;
kitchen, closets, bath; everything private; $11;
cicove. 114. .__.____
GEARY 1312—4 unTurnlshed sunny rooms; par-
Lnr floor: bath; reference.
HOWARD. 7SIH — Nicely furn. sunny bay-wln-
(J(»w; other rooms; man and wife; moderate.
JKSSIE. 211H — Housekeeping rooms, furnished
and unfurnished; also pleasant single rooms.
ROOMS FOR lIOISEKEEI'ISC.
KEARNY. 223. near Butter-A front suite. $12:
Rrat>. janitor service free. Apply 15 Orant aye.
LARGE sunny front room, elegantly furnished,
modern; appreciated if seen; very light house-
keeping allowed. ]514 Sacramento, nr. Larkln.
LARKIN, £04— Large sunny front, with small
room neatly furnished for light housekeeping
if desired; $!0. ¦
LEAVENWORTH. 1521—2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
MARKET. 102S— I-arge room and kitchen, fold-
ing bed, ti.o: 4 email rooms unfurnlihed. UP.
MISSION*. :or..*— Z or 4 sunny furnished house-
keeping roon:s; u«(« of. hath: yard; laundry.
NOE, 153. near Market— 2 sunny bay-window
rms.: modern ccr. flat; range, bath, tubs; iV3.
OAK. 113 — Sunny parlors., furnished for house-
kpp. : reas.; ulso sunny back room, same; |6.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
bay- window: closets, gas stove, mantel? JlO.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunfly par-
lor floor; I to & rooms: housekpg. or othsrwlse.
POWELL. 1401-2 or 3 large, sunny rooms for
housekeepinc. with gas and bath.
TURK, 540— Foiir rooms for housekeeping; fur-
niture for «»le cheap. .
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny furnished front suites
of 2 and 3 rooms for housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisement!! and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2COO Flllmore.
A BRANCjf offlce for the reception of adver-
tlE»m*nts and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A 13RANCII office for Call cflvertlsemcnts and
subscriptions l.as been established at 1026 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« WeeTcly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any Address in the
United States or Canada one year for 11.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to Jl per night; II 25 to £5 per week, and
light liousekeeplne: open all night.
A— 'THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; S4 rooms: all prices.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1-tfS Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.: rms. Ss. offices.
CLEMENTINA. 434»i-Sunny furnished room
with use of parlor: $3 50 per month. .--: •;:•;; :•;
ELLIS. €39. cor. Larkln— Sunny furnished
room; mantel, folding bed; Welsbach light.
FF.I-L.. 2Sl— Furnished rooms; private family;
home comforts.
GEARY. 493 .The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed rooms; suites or single; travelers accom.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission st.— Select
family rooming house; \1 50 to SS per week.
HANOVER House, S27A Howard— Changed
hands; newly renovated; housekpir. and sing.
HOWARD, S2J— Rooms from $1 week up to 15;
25c to tl night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 946— Neatly furnished double and
single rooms. $1, $1 25 and {1 50 week; quiet
and respectable.
HYDE, lit*— Nice 6unny alcove room; also
otter rooms.
KEARNY, 215— Sunny rooms, {1 60 per week
and up; also housekeeping rooms.
KEARNY, S13 — Newly furnished sunny front
eulte, or with use of kitchen; reasonable. .
LARKIN. 713 — Sunny corner rooms; running
water; gas and all convenience*.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 837 A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished: rent reasonable. FLICK, Prop.
MISSION, SKH-I large gunny back furnished
rooms; bedroom and kitchen; rent. $12.
NOE, £30 — 2 or Z furnished runny rooms with
all modern conveniences in a beautiful neigh-
borhood; new house; Castro-st. cars one short
level block distant ¦
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric Ushts; day. wk.. mo.
ORLANDO House, 959 Howard, cor. Sixth-
Sun n yi«oins^pdcestosult|opennight___
POWELL, 121 — Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
FUltes or singles: running water: gas; reas.
POWELL, 617— Nicely furnished suite; use of
kitchen; no children.
ROSEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis »t.— Rooms,
night. Ssc to $1: week. Jl 25 to J4: open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis st— lncandescent
ll*rht. reading room, smoking room and' ladles'
parlor- rooms, per nigrht. 35c to $1 50: week, tl
to IS; month. $S to $20; elevator on oMce floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN ANTONIO, SI Taylor st., near Marktt— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator* new
furniture: hot and cold water: radiators? Salt
tea baths: suites and single rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
JFriSVEXSOIs'. 409-^Furnlshed rooms, single or
en suite, from Jl upward.
STOCKTON, JI (over Pup Rctlsserie) — Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to $30.
TEHAMA.-44— Tuo housekeeping rooms.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights:
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
(or Rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRD. 314— Nicely furnished roomi.
TO let— Lenre eunny furnished room; refer-
ence*. 281 Dolorea «t.
TWELFTH, 141— One nice sunny furnished
room.
TWO unfurnished rooms with running water:
rent reajsonable. Apply 51 Natoma st.
CLASSIFIED advertisement!" and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception ot adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-The Weeklr
Call. IS pages, vent to any address In the
TJr.lted Ptates. postpaid, for 81 per year.
ROOMS AND lIOAKD.
A~FA>nTT~haVi'nE~~a lar_rei~w?il"appoTi_teS
and refined home wishes to secure a few
couples to board and room: !_rst-cl-_S!< In every
partirTJlar; references required. Address box
£454, Call office.
A— FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury:
nice sunny bay-window rooms: first-class
table; prices moderate; 2 car lines pass notel;
elevator; telephone Hyde 2771. 16M California
«_. ; corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay-Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; $25 up.
HOTEL CLAI/tMONT, «15 Taylor— Renovated;
euite« and flncle rms.; sunny; excellent table.
HOTEL PALISBURT, Hyde and Eddy: changed
bands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
ONE furnished room and board. Apply Twen-
¦- ty-fourth and Florida sts. .
POWELL, M 4-52* fThe Hedges)— Large sunny
rooms; marin* view; excellent board: reaa'ble.
VAN NESS aye., 944 (The Wallace) — Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: j:n.
~™ ROOMS WANTED.
TWO unfurnished noms for light housekeeping ;
reliable man and wife: must be north of Mar-
ket st. Box «555. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Union Oil Co. of California win remove
Its offica May 1 to the Mills bldf., rooms
SI and 32. 7th floor. . ¦ . . -
LADlES— Chlcheiter'a English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: iafe. reliable: take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," la letter by return mall: at drug-
t<gts. Chicbester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
B\T> tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-18; tel. 3380. I
SEWING MACHINES AM) SITPMES.
.__¦.-_¦-.,-_¦. . ... ¦ ¦¦_?.,--- ¦ ..~»_~»..-_. -_~~.--_,..._~._^_^__.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th: phone Mint 4S.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLFH Storato and Moving Co.
Offlce. 401 Post st.. ccr. Powell; tel. Main 1.711.
BEKINS Van «nd Storage Co.. 1340 Market st_;
tel. Eouth ECS; packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 2SI.
to ij:a-_:.
ToT->«e— All or part of vacant property: 93x
160: on Mission st.. near Fifteenth: will build
light structure. Owner, box 3103. Call.
TYPEWRITERS AM) SUPPLIES.
ALlTmakes of standard typewrite™ from IB
to $45; guaranteed; send for samples of work.
L. &' M. ALEXANDER. 110 MontromerjrsL
$2200— SNAP— S22OO.
House of 7 rooms and bath In the best resi-
dence portion of Oakland; modern conveni-
ences; close to cars, schools, etc.; now being
offered at above price; actually worth V3SQO;
must be sold; terras easy.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2600 INVESTMENT.
Two modern flats of 5 rooms and bath each:
flrst-cla«3 condition; Market-st. station; pay 1
per cent monthly on Investment.
' J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
WALL— In this city. April 23. IMO. Harry J..
beloved son of John and Annie Wall, a native
of San Franei'co, aged Z years 6 months and
3 da;\«.
tt-*" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from 241 Fair Oaks
street, thence by 3:20 o'clock train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets t-> Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WESTON— In Oakland, at Elmhnrst. April 22.
1300. Francis E. Weston. formerly of Walnut
Creek, a native of Maine, aged 75 years and
28 day*. A member of the Society of lio-
neers.
AVILSON-In this city. April 21. ISOO. Jennie
Elizabeth, beloved daughter or thR late Al-
onxo L. and Truda C Wilson, and sister ot
HattK Jam«>s. William. Edward. Alonzo.
Frederick and Charles \Vil?on. a native ot
Colotrclo. at;ed 31 years 2 mor..-.-. and 10 days.
£___* Friends and .icr_ualntanc<?_i ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday.) at 1 o'cloci-. from her late resi-
dence. ;22'i Elm avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
-Successors to Flannacran & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. onnosltß Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saiisallto Ferry.
Comn-enoing April 22. 1300. •
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY '¦
AND SAX RAFAEL.
TEKK DAYS— 7:«i. *S:2i\ _»:3«. 11.00 ». m . ; \
12:45. *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. "3:15, S:U. 6:40 p. m ,
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and ?an
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays |
and* Sundays, at S:W and U_3_i p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:_«>. •_.:<«, »9:00. •_<>:.»». 11:#>. it:3o
a. m.: 12:43. •1:30. •:». •2:ia. ZM. 6M, 7:_-i) |
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun- |
days. ;
Trains marked '(•) run to Pan Quentin.
FROM SAX RAFAEL TO SAN" FRAXHSCO. j
V.'EEK DAYS-.i:35. *«'.30. 7:50. B:4<\ 'lOilS a.
m. : 12-.SO. 1:15. 2:15. •3:20. 4:30. 5:3* p. m.
EXTRA TRI-PS on Vcnday*. Wetlnesciays
and Saturdays at *6:.3 and I'HM p. nj.
SUNDAYS-6:1.\ •8:CO.»9:50. •il.Oa. m.: »OiU
m. : 1-CO. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. *5:45. 6:4;. 7:30. 10:20
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— S:S3. 6:45. S:0O. S:_S. 10:30 a.
m ; 15:S1 1:43. 2:. 5. 3:30. 4:to. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. » Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:55, S:CS. 10:63, 11:10 a. m. : 12:13,
l*; 0 2:30, 3:45. \:m. 6:13. 7:03, 10:30 p. n_.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:0O a. m. weelt daj's — Cazadero and way sta-
tiont.
3:IS p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion?.
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Keyes and way stations.
S:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays-Point Reyes and w»y
stations.
MRS. ALLEN PLANNED
HER HUSBAND'S MURDER
Arrested on the Strength of a Con-
fession Made by James Harris,
the Assassin.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., April 23.— A Star
special from Burlington, Kansas, says:
James Harris, who was arrested at Ot
tumwa Saturday, charged with the mur
der of John Allen, a wealthy merchant of
that place, whom Harris killed with a
shotgun as he was entering his home, has
made a. xvritton confession of his crime in
the presence of Deputy Sheriff Grennan.
On the strength of the confession Mrs.
Allen, wife of the victim, has been arrest
ed. Harris confessed that Mrs. Allen knew
that her husband was to be shot and thai
she arranged things so there would be no
hitch.
Harris confessed that he and Mr?. Allen
wanted to get married, but neither ha«l
money, and that they planned to get Al
len's property and life insurance. Harris
Is M years of age. Mrs. Allen is 28 year.-?
old and has three daughters, one of whom
is married.
The feeling in Ottumwa against both
Harris and Mrs. Allen Is strong and It is
feared Harris will be lynched. The" offi
cers are taking every precaution.
Old Man Bobbed.
PETALUMA. April 23.-An old man
named Vosen lately arrived from the Kast
In company with a young man nam^d
Jones. Both put up at a hotel in th! 3
city. Last night .Vosen grit drunk and
was put to bed by Jones. When the old
man woke up this morning he found that
ISO in coin and Jones were missing.
Insane Man Hangs Himself.
STOCKTON. April 23.— George W. King,
an inmate of the State hospital, committed
suicide yesterday by hansrintj himself with
a. towel which h«> rtxed to a window bar
in a closet. Kin?? was acr.t to the hospi
tal from Alameda and was affilefrl with
homicidal Insanity, lie was 63 years of
age. . •
DELINQUENT .NOTICES.
WITTRAM PROPELLER CO., 22S Market St..
San Francisco— Notice.— There Is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of assessment levied on the Sth day of March.
ISOO. the several amounts eet opposite the
names cf the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. No.
Name— Certificate. Shares. Amount-
John D. Spreckels.. 1 23,313 1-3 $993 40
Chas. A. Hug 7 20 • .«0
And in accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. ISOO. so many shares of each parcel of
euch as may be necessary will be sold at the
office of the company. 226 Market street, San
Francieco, on the 2Sth day of April. 1900. at 3
p. m. of euch day. to pay d»ltnquent assess-
ments thereon, tcj.etl.er with costs ot adver-
tising and expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.. 12<i Market ft.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAL___.
A_N introduction to you from H. Schellbaas. th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
I D OKane, Menlo PkMrs B Post ley. X T
H B Wood. San Jo«e I Miss X Postl.-y. X V
Mri Wood. San Jose H Cooby. Canada
H D Hotchkiss. X V Mrs Cooby. Canada
Mrs Hotchkiss. X V jMiss H H Cooby. Cana
H W Helss, X V jMtss A M Cooby. Cana
L J Coburn, Yreka >F Henrtchsen. Mcx
F P McCal). -X V Henrieh.«en. Mcx
C S Johnson. Alaska jMrs C Davi;». Colorado
J H Kahy, Stanford ]C B Stone, Pan Mateo
(' L Tust. Stanford |Mrs ?tone. San Mateo
L T Wright. Shasta iMrs X McLaughlln. CS
B Titus, X M iMlss McLaughlln, S C
O R Smyth. X M Miss Me Brier. Pa
J R McCreery. Pa !A H Hopkins. Boston
L S Whlttenden, t'al tMrs Hopkln?. Boston
R A Broa kings. Mo J M Stover. Mass
H B "Wallace, St 1.-mi? Jli.-i S D Stover. Mass
P H Watson. Boston |Mrs C W Merrill. Cal
Mrs Watson. Boston W II Robinson. Cal
J Williamson. X V -Miss Robinson. Cal
J A Beebe. Boston |S A Fernold. Boston
Mrs Beebe. Boston [Mrs E R Warner, Mich
Miss E E Beebe. Bstn'Mre W W Taylor. Men
C P Beebe. Boston iMiss L" Taylor. Mich
Miss Lyman. Boston Cll Ruhl, N V
H F Wardwell. Boston Mrs Ruhl. X V
T F Jackson. X V L R Hush, San Jose
Mrs Jackson. X V !Mias M C Stockton. 11l
J G Massey. Los An* Miss C F Ward. 11l
L Bums. Indianapolis It Wilburn, London
A D Porter, X V (Mrs H Babeock. Wls
Mrs Porter. X V iMlss H Babeock. Wis
Mrs C Dickerson, X YiMlss C Babeock. Wi»
A J Barward. Buffalo Mrs X Paine. Wis
Mrs E L Crabbe. X V 111 T Gage, Sacto
Miss Crabbe. X V I
Raymond & Whltcomb Excursion.
Miss A Chynowith. Maria Blanchard.
Miss H Chyr.owith, Harriet Blanchard.
Miss I Chynowith. Miss M R Peabody.
Mrs D G Ltttlefield. Miss 11 F Peabody.
A W McMurray. Miss A Relchard.
Dr G A Brown. Ml.«s J O Kekhard,
Mrs Brown, J J Keeley,
J A Hackburn, Mrs Keeley.
J Robson, Mrs G J Miller,
F Gilbert, Mrs L Landeker.
Mrs Gilbert. H J McGrath.
H Galusha. Mrs McGrath,
Mrs Galusha, Mrs A E Hedges,
J M IdV. Dr B V l#e<lges».
Mrs Ide. Mrs M B Thatcher.
Carrie Id?. !Mrs Thatcher.
Ruth Colwell. R G Gamwell.
Mlfs R Smith, JMiss H T Gamwell.
S A Maxfleld, [j T Sanderson,
Mrs MaxfleUi. :Mrs Sanderson,
J L Crawford. -Mrs M Belden. '
Mrs Crawford, Miss L J PeasJey.
T F Jackson. Miss G M Whidden,
Mrs Jackson. A B Forbes.
Mrs M A Arms-IPTr. iMra Forbes.
Mrs J F Woodward, Mrs T Guthrle.
Jennie Gibbons, a H Ycomans,
Miss X S Hall. !.Mrs Yeomana,
j GRAND HOTEL.
W R Porter. WatsonviliJ I Casall. Red BlufT
C O Lauritzen. CaJ i Mrs O L Xye. lowa
W A Koch. Cal } Miss M C Graves. lowa
J S Taylor, Xapa ; W F Jennison, Mich
S Dannenbaum, Valejo'O E Jenniscn Mich
F Treskow. Crockett ; A Anderson. Suisun
W H Nelson. Cal ; D J Shea Arizona
¦VV Hunt. Cal L X Countryman. Pt!J
R B Borland. Martinez: CJ E Withart Stkton
C A .Werul. lowa 'J M Phister, Cal
P Hope. Tacoma iX C Gridley & tv. Chffo
C Hill. X V . j\V X Bramhall. S Cruz
Mrs A A Robinson, To-JD Davis & w, Mllwauk
peka J M Morton. Stanford
Miss Robinson. Topeka'F C Stanlford. Cal
Mrs M A Love. TopekaiM Ells>worthy & w.
Miss Love. Topeka | Concord
Mrs C A McGuine. To-, Miss E Williams. Xcv
peka I Mrs B Sharon. Pi-edmt
Miss M F Eddy. TopekiH X Farrell, Stockton
Miss M Fraser. Topeka! F Craig & fam. Cal
J X Oress. R Bluff jX H Bowen & w. Pu-
S P Poland. San Jose eblo
D C Mitchell, Cal C S Pierce. Fresno
A W Maltby. Concord |B -vi" Moor. Stockton
W C Davis, Tucjon j W Hunt. Chicaeo
B S Gurner, Hanford H A Bell. Sacto
J T Grace. Sta Rosa J H Butcher. Sarto
J R«^\"il<lmeyer &. w. G D Flsk-. Woodlan.l
Montana G W Herrinjton. Ptld
T W Hawkins & w.JJJ F Petzen. Portland
Holllster ¦ I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
7. E Buckner, Cal IW J Tihbetts. Seattle
A Jackson. Oreson [j B Winslow Fresno
J P Hutchins. OakdaK- H F" Ross X V
J B Amlot, B C D M Cjarke, Colfax
J Le Clair. San Jose C J Roberts, Cal
A F Mcr>onald. Frwn.i a H Walker. Tacoma.
G H Banholemew. Cal J X Sutton. Cal
T A Keller. Jersey CtyiJ Smith. Seattle
"W A Beebe. Las An? |O D Anderson. Denver
P Dalclnl, Petaluma [
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1900.
ALAMEDA IIEAL ESTATE.
JSCO— FORECLOSURE: modem 4. room and bath
cottage; sunny eide of street; 3 blocks from
ctatlon and school: terms »W0 cash, HO per
month.
jl'.ino — New modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath: street work, cement walks, etc., com-
plete; near station and s.hool; (100 cash, {24
per month.
JIE6O cash— To close an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner In Alameda: see this at once.
Fine modern house: S rooms and bath; $3000;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA FUIO'ISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house cf S or 9 . rooms: large
grounds; convenient to station. Box 4S3S. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
NOTlCE— Cremation. ODD FELLOWS" CEME-
TERY ASSOCIATION. Pan Francisco, Cal. If
the deceased was a member cf a society or
of any organization having a pr-sldir.g offl-
cer and secretary the chars* for cremation
and a copper receptacle for the ashes is $30.
The same charge to members cf the famtly
of such deceased. GEORGE R. FLETCHER,
Superintendent.
licit I v 1.. LEV Rl-.AL ESTATE.
FINELY furnlphed house of 12 rooms^tTletTTn
the very choicest part of Berkeley; reference*
required. MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
XEW houses for rent; only 4 blocks from Uni-
versity grounds: all the latest lmprovementß-
MASON A McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
15 CASH. $5 monthly: now Is your chance to
buy a line lot for $39 upward: more can be
had: grand view, superb soil, climate the best,
no fcxs nor raw winds: near a 90-foot wide
boulevard and not far from a fine school: four
homes Just built: Improvements Kolng ahead
rapidly: a few villa lots, in sizes to suit,
cheap; no debt on the property; title- perfect:
Westall Tract, adjoining East Oakland; call
Or send for circular. 455 Seventh st., near
corner Broadway. Oakland: carriage free.
HEXRY Z. JONES. Owner.
DIVIDEND .NOTICKS.
DIvTDEND notice— Dividend No. 104~(50~cent-!
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market 6t., on and atter Tuesday, May 1,
ISOO. Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
April 25. 1900. at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. D. K. GIB«O.N'. Actln-r Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage lleenpos have been issued as follows:
Ueorte 11. Kuhl, 3?, Chtcago, and Myra _V.
Moody, 25, city.
Andres Escabedo, £1, city, and Patricio N.
Rico. .0, city.
Berthelet H. Hawkes, 27, Newman r and Mary
G. Dower. 2J, Honolulu.
Charles M. Lea*e. 2S. city, and Isabella J.
Bowers, 32. city.
Carl A. Hagstrom, 29, city, and Hulda Rubin,
24. city.
Frederick "VV. Kimble. 30. Los Aneeles. and
Helen O. Thomas, 21, city.
John M. Schenden. 31. Chicago, and Susanna
Kauth. 24. city.
William A. Bocca, 24, 530 Vallejo street, and
Abbie de Rosa. 15, 530 Vallejo street.
Julius Klevesahl. 23. 15 Twenty-eighth street,
and Mamie Murphy, 20, 150 Perry street.
Eugene Sweeney, 21. Los Aneeles, and May
Leach. 21, Petaluma.
Robert R. Fulton. 22. 37TS Twenty-fourth
Jtrf-et, and Eucenle O. Stanley, 20, 327 Eliza-
beth street.
Halls J. Downing. 33. city. . and Ida K.
Strom, 27, city.
Robert Armstrong _!!>. Oakland, and Jeanlne
A. Curtlss. 2V. Oakland.
A. Bradey.. 21. 319' Jessie street." $
Walter L. Dean. 35, city, and Marie E. 11.
Haeer. 30. city.
Charles H. Clair, 32, city, and Ella GiHeece,
26. city.
Axel T. Petersen, 24. city, and Ethel- A.
Pay, _*>. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES^-DEATHS.
Birth, marriace and dea.th notices sent by
ma'l will not _>?¦ inserted. They murt be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and .residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FEIGBNBAIJM- In this city, April 19, 1300, to
the wife of Lionel B. Felgenbaum, & Eon.
MITCI.ELI.-ln this city. April 21, 1900, to the
wife of S. Mitchell, a daughter.
NEwLAND—In Oakland. February 22, 1300, to
the v.ife of E. A. Newland. a son.
ROSS— In this city, April 14, 1600, to the wife
of John A. no_>s, a son.
SMITH-In this city. April 23, 1900. to the wife
of J. It. Smith, a daughter.
WKALTV— In this city, March 25, 1300, to the
wife of Peter V.'ralty. a daughter.
MARRIED.
EICHUAUM-BRADY-ln this city. March 31.
1900, J. V. Kichbaum and Charlotte Irene
Uradv, both of San Francisco.
O'BRIEN-MULLEN-In this city, April 18,
1_M"«, at St. Patrick's Church, by the Rev.
Father Barry. Charles I_w. O'Brien of St. I_ouls
and Clara Mac Mullen of San Francisco.
SMITH— VERNON-Aprll IS. 1900. by the Rev.
Gt-orffe E. Swan. Berkeley. Eugene Cotton
Smith and May Vaughan Vernon, both of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Ambrose. Annie Hart, Elizabeth
Benson. Bertlne G. Jones. Peter P.
Uurk, Charles Karabeck. Frank
Conner, MaryE. Kins, George \V.
Craig. John McCarthy. Mac G.
Dalton, Irwln W. McPherson. Robert
Dederky, Julia Macey. Isaac
Dodge, Harriet M. Madge, Mary A.
Doscher, Claus Meyer. Albert
IJwyer. I_oreUa A. Murphy, Hannah
Eckler, Robert E. Plerson. Charles
Everett. Masxle C. Kublette. William A.
Klynn. John J. ' Szarvash, Samuel T.
Fortler. Pierre A. Traber. Ella
(lerflbeck. Frank Truman. Irwln C. J.
Goldmeyer, Louis Wall, Harry J.
Goodman, .Helen Weston, - Francis E.
Gorevan, Wm. P. I. Wilson, Jennie E.
AMBROSE— In this City. April 22. 1900. Annie.
beloved wife of James T. Ambrose, mother of
James S. Ambrose and Georce and Leonard
Mlchelson. daughter of the late Michel and
Brldaet Highland and sister of the late John
Highland, a native of Boston. Mass., aged 41
ye-Ar*. -
tCT Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday.. at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 105 Collins street, off Point Lobos ave-
nue, thence to Holy Cross Church. Eddy
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. i-
BENSON-In this city. April 21, 1900, Bertlne
Ourice. beloved daughter of the late 01*
Benson, stepdaughter of Mrs. CMine Arnesen.
and elster ot Gunhlld and Caver Benson, a
native of Norway, aged 15 years -10 months
and .3 days.
U^ 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), iat 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 40 Lundy lane, thence to Our Savior's
Scandinavian Evangelical Lutheran Church,
Howard street, near Thirteenth, for services.
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. •
BURK-In this city. April 22. 1500, Charles
Uurk, a native of Stockholm, Sweden, aged
52 veurs. (Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(.VMnwday). at 2 o'clock, from James Ha-
jjan' . undertaking parlors, 445 Valencia
strwt. Intorment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
11Belgian Hare Breeders Organize.
A number of Belgian hare breeders met
last night at Central Park and formed a
club. The following committee waa ap
pointed to draft suitable by-laws and to
select permanent headquarters: W W.
Corbett. J. L. Clarke, -C. A. Muller, S.
Budd Rosenberg and George 11. Brad
shaw. . • .
VISITING THE HIVES
OF THE MACCABEES
ft ADY BINA M. WEST of Port
Huron, Mich., supreme record
j| .keeper of the Ladies of the Mac
' ¦* cabees, who is making an official
tour of the western section of the United
States, will arrive in this city this morn
ing. She will be accompanied by her
mother and Mrs. Eudocia S. Moffat. State
commander for - California, who accom
panies her from Los Angeles. She will
be met at the ferry by the general com
mittee of arrangements, consisting of
Ladies Salmond, Wastier and. Diel of San
Francisco Hive; Ladles Mack, Pomfrey
and King of California Hive: Ladies Ja
cobs. Bacon and Hedges of California
Hive; Ladies Bayford. McFarland and
Constant of Phebe Hearst Hive: Sir
Knights Harris, Gray ' and .Leroi of San
Francisco Tent; Sir Knights Varcoe,
Malaby and Borner of Golden West Tent;
Sir Knights Jackson, Bryer and Seeley> of
Pacific Tent.
Lady West will be escorted to the Occi
dental Hotel on Her arrival. In the after
noon a committee will take her in an ob
servation electric car- for a sightseeing
trip over the city.
In the evening Lady West will be ten
dered,a public reception in Golden Gate
Hall. There will be addresses, musical
and literary numbers, and a programme
of dancing. To-morrow she will visit the
Oakland hives and hold a school of in
struction; and on the following days she
will hold a ; school ofthat character for
the officers of the San Francisco hives.
League Club Entertainment.
The League Club, composed ot members
of Company D. L^a^rue of the Cross Ca
dets', will prlve a. literary and musical pn
tertainment next Friday evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall. A dance -will follow.
"Bank Stock" Stenographers' Books don't tire
the eyes. Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay, mnfrs. •
Right of Way ASKed For.
The Last Chance Gold Mining Company
of Alaska, has brought suit In the TTntterl
States Circuit Court against William J.
Weaver of Trinity County. California. tr>
enjoin him from obstructing the com
plainant's right of way for the Frey &
Taylor ditch In Trinity County. Judco
Morrow ordered the defendant to appear
at 11 a. m.. June 4. to show cause why a
preliminary Injunction should not be is
suea.
From Federation of Mission Improvement
a new ' bridge spanning the Southern Pacific
Company"? tracks at Mount Vornon avenue and
jrM for the oppnlng of a, culvert under Dia
mond strp^t between Ohenery and Berkshire:
also for an appropriation of $16,004 to build
a Ktocl bridge ovor the Southern Pacific tracks
at Mljrupl and Thirty-fourth streets.
Kroin Falrmount and Olen Park Improve
ment Club, askinß for an appropriation of $2.*00
to op*-ri Diamond str»pt throuch to the Sunny
sidf district.
From !>r. John Hnrnunir. for pprmlsslon to
shnot birds and collect Fperlmens for the
I'nlterl states National Museum, under the
direction of the Smithsonian Institution.
From property owners. against proposed
Char.Rf* of Krade on Seventeenth street, l>e
t\v°en Douglass and Ashbury.
From Merchants' Association. protesting
BKalnst the ?rantin«r of permission to erect
overhead wires in the downtown underground
district.
from Chamber of Commerce, commending
the proposed Oriental festival next July.
From State Jiedium Association, for the ex
emption of medlumß from license tax.
The City Attorney recommended the payment
rrorn"Rr e (le°lsoo > in to* construct a culvert across
Mission street at Onna!. .
obliged to appear before Judge Murasky
to-day and argue, through Its attorney.
whether or not the Chief of Police has
the ripht to restrain the fight booked for
Wednesday nicht. The legal battle over
the prospective tistie performance was set
for Thursday, and the prize-fight pro
moters were beclnnins to chuckle at their
cleverness in hstving outwitted the court.
This came to the ears of the Judge, and
he promptly switched the day for the
hearing of the case.
LEGAL CONTEST
FOR POSSESSION
OF PRETTY BABY
Dorothy Wainwright Placed
in Charge of Her
Grandfather.
Judge Troutt Was Puzzled Over the
Case and Left the Choice
to the Little
One.
After a hearing yesterday morning be
fore Judge Troutt over the guardianship
of Dorothy Wainwright. letters of .guard
ianship issued to H. H. W'ainwright on
March 27 were revoked, and Theodore Van
Tassell appointed in his stead.
The new guardian \s a grandfather of
the child, who is 5 years of age. H. H.
AValnwright Js an uncle on the paternal
side, and had been appointed guardian
without any opposition from the other
relatives. A few weeks ago, when he at-
tempted to take possession of his niece,
he met with a refusal from the grand
parents.
All parties appeared in court yesferda.y.
and so sincere did all the relatives seem
in their protestations of affection and de
sire for the girl's welfa.re that the Judge
was In doubt as to the proper party to be
chosen. He finally settled the difficulty
by leaving the choice to the child. She
liked her grandparents best and will go
with them. by order of court.
Dorothy Walnwright is a daughter of
the late senior member of the well-known
firm of Wainwright & Easton.
Mrs. Lavina "Wainwrlght, the stepmoth
er, consented to the present award of
guardianship.
MRS. S E. SNYDER, FORMERLY MISS ZENA METROPOLSKY.
mRJ3. S. E. SNYDER, who up to last Thursday night was Miss Zena
Metropolsky. and who created a sensation by eloping with and mar
rying the wealthy young New Yorker, Is a young woman of more
than ordinary good looks. She Is a great favorite in her own social
set, and has always had a host of admirers. Her father, Rev. Nicholas Met
ropolsky of the Greek church, belongs to a family prominent in Russia. Her
brother", George Metropolsky. is a deacon in the Greek church, and the fam
ily is very prominent in church circles and society.
The confirmation of the marriage according to the rites of the Greek reli
gion at the cathedral next Sunday will oe an event in the community. Mr.
Snyder. although a Protestant, is willing to meet all the requirements of the
parents in order to make his pretty bride happy. They will spend their
honeymoon in the mountains, afterward making a trip to New York. Mr.
SnvcUr likes San Francisco so much that he will likely go into business here.
wonder what Hales
have on sale to-day? « ¦¦
like a book." and, by the way. he s a > lt "a'? r ".*"" *(£?
the writer asked him If he had seen Hale' 3 neckwear no; Mn^ow fg
££i anracdon is enamilware and baby carriages. H^.f'^ friend ' Hale "
grows in your estimation the more you know of Its capabilities.
hnSP men's cotton half hose. full. bedSOTeadS. *5° ™]}>te crochet bed
"°" 1 seamless, either heavy or * spreads size 72x85.
medium weight, colors black or of a heavy quality, hemmed ready
tan, per pair. for use, regularly worth $1 .... 75c
enamel ware sale a huge success
7 quart dishp ans 2.ic 5 quart dairy pans ISC
4 quart nuddinj? pans I7C 4 quart straight saucepan 35c
5 quart dairy pan ISC A X A qt coffee boiler 4QC
4 quart saucepans 21c 6 quart preserving kettle 3.1 c
millineni have taken forty of &QYS* WalStS. »5 *«. boys' waists
¦iiiiiniui j. our styl j sh tlres3 hats ' of dark blue duck,
in the pastel shades— rose, reseda, with white and red pin stripes.
maize and pearl— large sailor collar, extra buttons
regular value $7. $0. $12. $15 on -.vaistband, sizes 5 to 10 years
reduced to $5. $7. $Q. $10.^0 23c
also a complete assortment of
sailors and enjjlish walkinc: hats ... «
2=;c to $2.50 embroidery. we put on c v i stcr 'r
day 13,054 yards of
S6edS. new arrival of flower and embroidery, newest patterns, cam-
vegetable seeds: ten cents brie embroidered edgings and m-
will make an old lot a smilinjr sertiqns at these prices —
garden; carefully selected: put up 2485 yards (\*arious) at 5c yd.
in packages 3c. 10c. 15c 1650 " " at 6 l Ac yd.
tOWellng. » P^ces glass towel- £*> « I « I^ c y *
ing, i?, 14 inches wide. 2121 „ . at ° x^ c ya -
fine weave, check patterns, un- 1356 " " at 10c yd.
usual offering, per ya,rd 6c 2147 " " at i2 l Ac yd.
. Onion SUitS. ladies' Jersey ribbed §°5 " ," at IjCJtL-
cotton union suits. °'° l( „ atioa.icya.
summer weight, low neck, no ° 10 a * 22C v "-
sleeves, knee length, sizes 4, 5 and they sold well yesterday and will
6, color cream, per suit 2.; c sell better to-day.
Murasky Was Not Easy.
The Columbia Athletic Club will be
Charged With Robbery.
Charles and Jamea McCloskey, brothers,
were arrested last night by Police Officers
James O'Connor and James Connelly and
charged with robbery. Last Friday even
ing, it is claimed, they held up John
Shaughnessey. a laborer, at Francisco and
Dupont streets and relieved; him of a
small amount of money. . \'t% '-
Knights of Honor the Hosts.
The hall of Liberty Lodge of the Knights
of Honor was crowded last night by
Knights and their friends, who assembled
to.be entertained at a smoker, given by
the lodge. There was an address for the
good of the order by Ben I. Salomon. G.
A. D., and a long programme of musical
and literpry numbers, boxing exhibitions
by members of several of the athletic
clubs. of this city, corncob pipes and to
bacco, also refreshments" and a lunch.
Death of William Purcell.
AVilliam Purcell, the son of the pro
prietor of the Rochester Union and Ad
vertiser, died in Portland last week, after
a short illness*. For the past seven years
he had been the; coast representative of
Bering & Co. of Cincinnati. The funeral
will take place, to-day from Sacred Heart
Church. Solemn requiem mass will be
sung at 9:30 a. m. The interment will bo
at Holy Cross Cemetery.
Unknown Man Commits Suicide.
An unknown man committed sulc'de
some time last Sunday night in room 0 of
the lodging house at Sl7 Market street by
asphyxiating himself with Illuminating
gas. He stopped up all the crevices In the
room with paste made of flour and with
torn pieces of newspaper. He was found,
dead shortly before noon yesterday. The
body was taken to the Morgue and will be
held for Identification. The body was that
of a man five feet five Inches tall, about
40 years old, weighed HO pounds, with
sharp features, fair complexion and black
hair.
New Los Angeles Bank.
The Bank Commissioners have granted
a license to the Central Bank of Los An
geles. This Institution was formerly the
Bonebrake Trust Company, which has had
its name and articles of incorporation
changed so as to do a banking business.
The authorized capital is $300,000. of which
$25,000 is paid up. The officers are: Presi
dent, R. M. Baker: cashier, William
Mead; secretary, W. C. Durgln. who. with
A. B. Cass, K. W. Davies and Lewis
Thome, constitute the board of directors.
Death of Irwin C. J. Truman.
Irwin C. J. Truman, a son of ex-Treas
urer I. J. Truman, died yesterday at his
late residence, 2-115 Howard street, after
an illness of two weeks. Mr. Truman was
L' 9 years of age and leaves a wife and
six children. Death was due to a compli
cation of organic diseases. . .
Nicaragua Canal Bill.
E. Goodwin, manager of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, re
ceived a dispatch yesterday stating that
A Sbarboro, the president of that body,
is in Washington working hard in the in
terests of the Nicaragua canal bill. Con
gressman Julius Kahn, who sent the tele
gram advises that all the officers of the
trade and industrial bodies of this city be
notified to have resolutions ready for the
representatives of the West to present
when the matter comes up on May 1.
There Is no headache In Jesse Moore whis-
key. That's because it ts vure.
FAIR LADIES WILL BE
OLYMPIC CLUB GUESTS
Splendid Entertainment Arranged
for the Monthly "Ladies'
Night."
The Olympic Athletic Club will hold its
monthly ladies' night to-morrow evening.
An excellent programme, consisting of
athletic and musical exercises, will be ren
dered under the supervision of Leader
John A. Hammersmith. The feature of
the evening will be a fencing bout be
tween Professor Louis Tronchet of the
club and Captain Fritz, master-at-arms
on board the French cruiser Prptet. Both
gentlemen are expert fencers.
There will be sparring matches by W. J.
Leonard and George Anders and James
Gaylor and Harold Magulre; club swing
ing by Mrs. George Mlehling, wife of the
wrestling instructor; meteor and electric
act. by A. M. Stone: wrestling by George
Hildebrandt and William McCullough. and
J. H. Spiro and Fred Bailey; recitations
by HttleTryphena Prltchard. specialties by
Georgo Hammersmith, singing by Miss
Etta O'Brien and an exhibition on the
Roman rings nnd a game of "push ball"
by members of the Olympic Club.
The game of "pushball" is an Innovation
and will prove highly interesting. An im
mense rubber sphereoid is used, and an
equal number of athletes choose sides and
attempt to push the ball toward their
goal. The game has many laughable fea
tures.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARK^BROS.
GREAT SALE OF
LACES,
EMBROIDERIES
AND
RIBBONS
TUESDAY.WEDNESDAY.THURSDAY
4H Inches— ALL-SILK FANCY RIBBON. 10c.
ii W lnVh— ALL-SILK SATIN RIBBON. 3c yd.,
"«Se bolt
3Vi inches— ALL-SILK TAFFETA RIBBOX.
l."»c yd., worth 23c.
1 Inch— ALL-SILK TAFFETA RIBBON*. Bo
yd worth S l-3c.
250 dozen VALENCIENNES LACE. 30c dozen,
4-thread IRISH POINT EMBROIDERY. 12^4!
POINT VENICE LACE for Foulard dresses.
from 100 yd. upward.
APPLIQUE LACES for dress trimmings. 4
Inches wida, 15c yd.
IRISH POINT EMBROIDERY. 6 laches Wide,
a.ic y<l.. worth 40c.
TORCHON LACE, •» Inches wide. 5c yd.
Durine these days will also place on sale
a few good things In Ladles' Muslin 'Wear and
Children's Wear— Waists and 'WraDDers.
When buyln* from us you buy from manufac-
turers, therefore set the benefit of buying re-
tall at wholesale prices.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
MARKS^BROS.,
1212-I2H Market Street,
Between Taylor and Jones.
The Best Suits fiG*^
Business *te a up V \jf y&
, Suits «PW.3O / sAji
Dressy nn up I cr t]
Suits $£U.UU k^
Pants...- $4.50 ud I mk
You save from $5 to SIS • -.- far
by hating 'your suit "v^. ,„
joeVoheim, "sms9
The Tnilor, J ]F*&
niO-1112 Market St.. !&• 7i*6*-
201-203 Montgomery St.
MESSENGER BOY ENDS
HIS LIPE WITH ACID
Saxnuel I". Smith. Swallows a Dose oC
the Deadly Poison While De-
spondent.
Samuol F. Smith, a messenger boy. com
mitted suicide last night by swallowing a
dnso of carbolic acid in his room at 515
Stockton street.
Smith had been drinking heavily for the
past ¦week, and -while In a despondent
mood drank the deadly poison. The- land
lady hoard heavy groans emanating from
the messenger boy's room, and opening
the door found him writhing in agony.
The youth was hurried to the Receiving
Hospital, but he' was dead when the am
bulance reached there. The Coroner was
notified and the body was removed to the
Morgue. Smith was 22 years of age.
CALIFORNIA PACKING
COMPANY COLLAPSES
Creditors Demand wiiat th.c Gam-
biers of the Race Track Did
Not Secure.
The racecourse and its snares, the fatal
fascination of the track and the rascality
of its gamblers have claimed another vic
tim. The collapse of the California Pack
ing Company, of which Elie J. Cote is
president, seemed complete yesterday
when the creditors of the corporation filed
a petition in the United States District
Court asking that the Involved concern
be declared a bankrupt. It will be re
membered that the creditors agreed to
meet with Cote and discuss his affairs,
promising at the same time to permit him
to continue in business If conditions war
ranted such a course.
The action taken by the creditors yes
terday Indicates that they did not care to
take the risk.
In their petition to have the corporation
declared a bankrupt the creditors claim
that the following sums are due them:
Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works. $2-1,000;
Abrahamson, Heinlsch & Co., $12,000, ana
\V. Grutzmacher. $256 77. The story of
the financial difficulties of the California
Packing Company brought about by the
speculation and racetrack gambling of its
president, Elie J. Cote, has already been
published in The Call.
Benefit for Boer Widows.
The benefit concert for Boer wMowa and
orphans at Metropolitan Temple this
evening promises to be a. Mg- success
Several societies have purchased blocks
of tickets and the programme Is one of
extraordinary quality.
Free Reading Room.
Under the auspices of the First Church
of Christ, Scientist, a free readingf-room.
has been opened at 2W> Keamy street.
The object is to give the general nublic
an opportunity to familiarize Itself with
Christian Science literature.
TURF SCANDAL STILL
BEING INVESTIGATED
i
The stewards of the Western Turf Asso
clation again met last evening, without
accomplishing anything- in the way of dis
covering why the mare Sly ran two very
bad and one pood race.
examined, but Joseph Cairn Simpson said
the bottom of the affair had not been
SDenny Lynch, who is involved in the
Hard Knot" scandal, will arrive from the
Kaf"t to-day .and will appear before the
stewards when next they meet, on Thurs
day nlprht :
AFTERNOON
CEREMONY
Miss Emily Hagcr and
Walter Dean to Be
Married To-Day.
c^ra A 4 p. m. to-day Miss Kmtly Hager
7f\ and Walter Dean will be married
/, \ at the residence of the bride's par-
ents, on Gough street. Father
Ramm will be the officiating clergyman.
The Misses Alice and Ethel Hager, sis
ters of the bride. Miss Helen Dean, sister
of the groom, and Miss Daisy Van Ness
will be the bridesmaids. J. Downey Har
vey will be best man and Edwartl JM.
Greemvay, John E. de Ruyter, Alien St. J.
Bowie and Hugh Tevis will officiate as
ushers. One hundred and seventy-live ln
vited guests will attend the ceremony.
It Is to be a green and white wedding
and in the elegant white, drawing room,
where the ceremony will be celebrated.
white blossoms and cool green ferns will
be used for decorative purposes. The
bride's pown Is an elaborte confection of
white satin and the bridesmaids will be
gowned alike in white organdie over green
taffeta.
MRS. COBB GETS
A DIVORCE WITH
SMALL ALIMONY
Judge Fitzgerald of Los An
geles Believes Tale of
Plaintiff.
Husband Must J?ay Thirty-Five Dol
lars Every Month Because He
Was Not Kind to His
Wife.
Harry D. •M, Cobb and JosopWno L.
Cobb are no longer man and wife. A. de
cision nanCeO down yesterday by Judge
W. .P. Fitzgerald of Los Angeles, who is
sitting In Judge Hebbard's court in the
temporary absence of the latter, ig to the
effect that the -wife's complaint was well
founded and proved by the testimony. But
that is not a source of -worry to the erst
while defendant. Were it not for an or
der accompanylnp the decree of divorce
directing him to pay $33 a. month alimony
to Mrs. Ccbb he might still be measurably
happy.
Airs. Cobb alleped In her complaint that
her husband wss cruel and considerate
only of his own comfort. The decision in
part follows:
I would have been very n\a<\ Indeed if they
ten>, so that- they could ko together and live
together as husband and wife should live;
hut If they cannot live as a husband and -wife
should live, they ought not to live together.
I was In hop^s that for her knowledge of him.
notwithstanding hi!" brutal and inhuman con
duct toward her, that she might have suffl
clf-nt confidence In his promises to try and live
with htm aftain and live as a husband and wife
should live. She knows him a great deal bet
ter than I know him or any one else. They
have talked thla matter over thoroughly, and I
used my offices In a kindly way to brim? about
a settlement of the matter. If it could be done.
After all of this she has reached the conclusion
that ph» docK not want to live with him again.
and I nupnose that Is based solely upon the
Idea that fhe has not any confidence In his
liromlfles In that respect— and I don't know
that she coultl be blamed for that. I don't
think that any woman oußht lo be compelled—
and I do not believe any woman ought to live
with any man who would lay his hands upon
her in any other way save in a kindly manner.
Such belnfr the case. I shall grant a divorce to
the plaintiff upon the grounds stated In the
complaint, and you will prepare, Mr. Heney,
your decree accordingly. I also order perma
nent alimony of $35 per month. -.-' •¦:.* ¦.-
SNYDERS BRIDE IS
A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
Girl Who Eloped With Wealthy Young
New Yorker a Favorite in
society. . . ¦
D. E. M'KINLAY
IS A CANDIDATE
FOR CONGRESS
Asks for Republican Nomi
nation in the First
District.
General Barnes Announces That He Is
Not an Aspirant for Presidency
of the California League
of Clubs.
Colonel George Stone, president of the
National League of Republican Clubs, left
the city yesterday for Los Angeles. He
Is also president of the California League
and will, therefore, preside at the State
Convention of clubs.
One of the morning papers mentions
the name of General Barnes, among oth
ers, as a probable candidate for president
of the State League against Colonel Stone.
General Barnes has been elected a dele
gate at large to the State convention by
the National Republican League of San
Francisco, and deleßatc by the Continen
tal League of this city and the Republi
can Alliance of Oakland, of which last
the general has been an honorary mem
ber for a number of years. He has an
nounced to each club his inability to be
present at the convention and declares In
most positive terms that he is not and
will not bo a candidate for any office
within its gift, least of all against Colonel
.Stone, whose candidacy he favors.
D. E. McKlnlay of Sonoma County is
in the city. He reports that the Republi
cans of the Second Congressional District
are organizing clubs throughout the dis
trict and getting ready to make an effect
ive campaign. Mr. McKinlay, at the sug
gestion of the Republican National Com
mittee, visited several of the leading cities
in the district and the public meetings
which he addressed wer& largely attended.
The contest for the Republican Congres
sional nomination in the First District
promises to be highly Interesting. D. E.
McKinlay has entered the field as a can
didate. He expects to win the Sonoma
delegation In the August primary election
for delegates to the nominating conven
tion. ?
District Attorney Webber Js also a can
didate to succeed John A. Barham. He Is
organizing Webber clubs throughout So
noma County and expects to extend his
scheme of organization to Napa County.
The counties of Del Norte, Sisklyou, Mo
doc. Humboldt. Trinity, Shasta. Lassen.
Tehama, Plumas. Sierra, Mendocino. So
noma. Napa and Marin comprise the First
Congressional District. The known Repub
lican candidates in the field are: State
Senator J? N. Gillette of Humboldt. T. L.
Carothers of Mendocino. D. E. McKinlay
and District Attorney Webber of Sonoma
and United States District Attorney
Frank L. Coombs of TTkiah.
Political gossip in the First District is
to the effect that W. F. Herrln Is lending
his support to the aspirations of Frank
Coombs, but the influence of the Southern
Pacific in the district Is not great enough
to excite the fears of Coombs' competi
tors.
It Is said that Daniel Kevane. secretary
of the State Board of Examiners, is ready
to lend a helping hand to District Attor
ney "Webber, but the rivals of Webber ex
pect that Governor Gage will suggest to
Secretary Kevane a policy of non-lnter
feronce. The Governor arrived In San
Francisco yesterday and will probably re
main several days to look after affairs
connected with the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners.
TELEPHONES ARE
NOW TO BE TAXED
Supervisors Discover That Present
Order Licenses All Nickel
Machines. '
Monopoly Will Yet Be Brought to Time—Hotal
ing Wants Ordinance Regulating Back
Rooms of Saloons Repealed.
STTKRVTSOR MCCARTHY pprunp a ]
surprise at yesterday's meeting of |
the Hoard of Supervisors when the j
order Imposing a license of 50 ]
cents per <juarter on «;aoh nickel telephone i
machine was taken up for reconsidera- i
tion. Tin* surprise was in the shape of ail j
ordinance passed by a Conner Board of (
Supervisors inu which specifically pro- ]
vid^s for a license of $2 per quarter for ;
Blckd-ln^the-elot machines of every de- ]
scription. The onler is numbered ir»S9 anil |
has been only partially enforced. It reads !
«s follows:
For rach proprietor of ¦ weiehinsr machine, j
punclilnc marlilnf, liftmn machine mus-k- ma- i
ei-.'.ne, electric machine or any other machine j
In which a Oepoelt of a' r< cent piece or ar.y j
other piece of money or article rejiresentlnK
money within euld ma.<*iiin^. a ;*rs^n is j
wrijthert thereon or music played therein nr
other s«*rvioris In BDIUMCtion with said machines
to d*>Fifrnat«i are rrrniered. >>ha!l pay a license ;
cf J2 per quarter for each machine so used.
McCarthy present<«J a resolution later
on directing the Tax Collector to proceed
stein pointedly asked the Mayor what oc
casion there was for a municipal nag.
' His Honor replied that other cities had
them, it could be used in civic celebra
tlons and the policemen intended to have
! ore made for May day. The design r>(
! Phoenix rl?iri£ from its ashes in yellow
I and black was tir.ally adopted, only Helms
¦ and" Heed voting against the resolution.
i Comte presented a new ordinance im
1 posiriK a license of Sl5 per year on all
! street cars. He explained that it imposes
i a license on all .ears whether used or not.
; The companies now claim that only those
! cars actually in use arc amenable to the
; present ordinance. The effect of the orrli
; nance will be to impel the corporations
!to put on more tars if they are
; obliged to pay a license on all of them.
S The ordinance was passed to print, lne
'¦¦ sime aotion was taken on those imposing
I licenses on bathiriß establishments; flower
i and other peddlers, keepers and owners of
i warehouses and boarding-house runners.
Th» Independent Electric Light and
! Power Company offered to rent a. certain
; amount of reserve capacity in its under
i ground system for the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph. The communication
i was referred to the Fire Committee.
NEW RAID OF THE
RACING GAMBLERS
THE raid of Eastern track gamblers upon the people of San Francisco
continues with uninterrupted evil success. Almost every day the record
of wrecked lives and homes is increased. New chapters are being added
to the terrible story of shame and crime, disgrace, dishonor and death
which is being written for the people of this city by the blackleg schemers
of the racecourse. More young men are being ruined by the criminal arts of
the track followers. The jails and courts are receiving new crime-stained dupe*
and the Morgue slabs are supporting new- victims. More men are being lost
to honor and more women to shame, and in the face of it all are murmurs, in
credible ;is they may seem, that the Board of Supervisors intends not only
to tolerate the evil, gigantic in its menace, hut to encourage it by positive
and favorable J«>£-:sla.tion. If this outrage upon San FYancisco be contem
plated let the Supervisors perpetrate it without pretense of disguise. Let
them picture their action as the people of San Francisco understand it and
in justice to the common sense of the peopie to whom they speak let them
discuss the racetrack evil as it is. If they contemplate any measure favor
ble to the Eastern blacklegs and their methods let their action be prefaced
by resolutions something like these which follow.
At the nK'Piirp of the Board of Supervisors yesterday Charles "Wesley
Reed, speaking for the Police Committee, reported that the committee, of
which h<? is a. member, could not reach an agreement upon ,-i proposed gam
bling ordinance. Reed was then instructed to draft an ordinance and pre
sent it to the bnard at its next meeting. The Call submits the following pre
amble and resolution and suggests it for the consideration of the .Police
Committee:
Whereas, The evil of race track gambling has inflicted upon
this city suffering-, crime ana death. The records of the courts, jails
and morgue tell the story of lives wrecked, dishonored and lost
through the manipulations of the licensed scoundrels, thieves and
malefactors trho infest the city and through the race tracks prey
upon the people of this city; and,
"Whereas, The Evil, -which has sent men of official station into
the penitentiary or the grave, has ruined men respected in private
life and has left its trail in homes despoiled and shattered, is no-w
on the increase rather than on the decline; and
Whereas, The press and pulpit, public men and private citi
zens, societies and organizations having the welfare of the city at
hesrt. have united in indignant protest against the existence of the
evil, it still thrives and grows greater in baneful influence with
each day. And the sad record of women's shame and of men's dis
honor is daily being completed by .the rascals who thrive upon the
weakness or ignorance of their victims; and .
Whereas, The people of this city, bslieving- in our integrity
and honesty of purpose, relying upon our ability to approach and
gOlve problems "Which affect the public -welfare, and trusting in our
manhood to legislate for that -which is g-ood, not evil, have elected us
a Board of Supervisors and endowed us with power and authority
to g-uard public interests; therefore, be it •
Resolved. That we, the Board of Supervisors, recognizing the
appalling effects of racetrack gambling upon this community, hav
ing full knowledge of the moral disease it carries in its train, know
ing from experience and association of the crime, misery, shame
and death it has worked upon the city, believe that gambling is in
the highest measure beneficial to racetracks, that racetracks are
good for San Francisco and deserve our heartiest indorssment and
immediately to carry out the provisions
cf the order. Trie resorutlon was adopt
ed. In addition he tacked a section to his
resolution which reads:
Evr-ry person, firm or corporation engaged in
•sujTlJ'ins water or gas or electric lights or
eiecincal power or perlorming or rendering any
telejihunic or electrical sktvicc to cr for the in
habitants of this city mid county shall pay
on their aggrtKate saies or receipts a license
as follows: Fur sales or r*ceii,ts of $5"»U«X( per
ouartrr, f2-",l »*r quarter: f 3'». (ito. HSI i«?r
Quarter; IS*/1" " . IWJ |"r quarter; |125,000, ?«6
jjt-r quarter; $7i.(«>o, ill per quarter.
"When McCarthy moved the adoption of
the resolution Brandenstein thought that
It should be referred to the License Com
mittee. McCarthy hold that the ordinance
'was a. law and should be enforced. To a
question McCarthy replied that the tele
phone company was the only one that had
paid the license on Us business, but it had
never paid cne cent on the telephone
nickel ooxes. which the order was espe
cially designed to reach.
The discussion evidently imbued the Su
pervisors with the stron.qr idea that the
telephone monopoly had long been enjoy
ing enormous privileges for which it was
not paying sufficient return to the city.
The order licensing telephones which
failed to pass the board at the last meet
ing was laid over for two weeks. Chief
Electrician Hewitt and Chlt-f Knginecr
•irunsky were authorized to make a de
talled inspection of the telephone com
pany's plant in oroer to determine
whether it is practicable. Hewitt ad
dressed the board and said that the sys
tem of securing the reFjmnse of the num
ber or party called for before the nickel
is deposited could be put in vogue, but he
<i!d not know how many extra operators
it would take. He would require two
¦weeks to investigate.
Hotalinp; presented an order repealing
the one now b<>ing enforced by the Police
Commissioner? relating to the prohibition
of partitions over six feet high in back
rooms of saloons. Hotalinp said that he
was mined to this course oy the system
of persecution to which the saloonkeepers
had been subjected by the commission,
which, he claimed, allowed no discretion
In the carrying out of the law. He oon
ttnded that the rigid enforcement of the
order would entail a hardship and ex
pense on mtn who ha<J many thousands of
dollars invented in the liquor business. He
expressed the hope that the obnoxious
order would be repealed. The matter was
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Hotalinf? then Introduced a second reso
lution providing that the Chief of Police
Im* Instructed to refrain from carrying out
the provisions of tbfl present order until
final action on his repeal order had been
taken. Comt« objected to this. Fayinp that
the board had no power to instruct the po
lice' to disregard orders which had been
regularly passed. A motion to refer both
orders to the Police Committee v.-as op
posed by Tobiri. who claimed that the
order now in force was a proper police
regulation. McCarthy held that the French
restaurant? were notorious offenders of
the law in that ro.=pc-ct. and apked for
leniency in the cape of the saloonkeepers.
Both of Hotalinjr's orders were then re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
When Jennings" resolution approving
the Flection of a design for a municipal
flag came up it did not go throuph with
out some opposition. Reed said that he
wan opposed to the Idea and moved that
it be referred to a committee. Branden-
Miscellaneous Business.
The City Attorney was requested for an opin
ion lj to whether Castro street extends south-
The clerk was authorized to insert In the
proposal notice, inviting bids for the burial of
the indicant <j»ad. a clause inviting bids for
the incin<!-ation of such bodes.
The City Attorney was requested for an
rpinlyn as to the validity of the resolution to
regulate contracts in the erection, repair and
alteration of public buildings.
Tl.e clerk was directed to Invite bids for
the priming and publication of the Delinquent
The City Attorney transmitted an opinion re
panJlnK the granting of permits to maintain
certain obstructions on the street? and side
walks. H» holds that the Board of Supervis
ors can Riant no special privileges for the use
of the stret-t or sidewalks Iwcause the Hoard
of Public Works alone has power to grant such
permits.
The City Attorney advised the board that the
turn of 515. UA 41 as principal and JTIS 60 as nc
onio<l Interest had boen diftrlbuted to the
Mayor and Hoard of Supervisors, being a be
queFt of Henry W'indel for destitute women
and children of the city and county.
The board deeMed to meet Thursday night
May 3, as a committee of the whole to con-
Fidc-r the proposition o f tne c j ty ownlnff )t8
own r-lant for lighting the streets and public
buildings by electricity.
The Police Committee was inptructed to re
port its recommendation in the case of the
several poolroom orders now before it Reed
*tated that the committee had been unable to
come to any agreement In regard to the onlerp
The Board of Works submitted a report
recommending the course to pursue to preserve
Telegraph Hill from destruction. The board
advises that the most practicable method In
volves the establishment of one or more streets
located upon light grades and fitted to the
topography of the hill. Several such streets
starting from advantageous points and reach
ing the Bumrolt upon grades from 5 to G per
cent are possible. The easterly face of the
hill can be treated so as to give permanent
Mopes and permit of grading property on the
east base.
The AFBespor submitted a suggestion that
the board offer a rebate on the proportion due
on the city's part for delinquent taxes on ac
count of property «old to the State, which
will amount to one or two hundred thousand
dollar?. The State Controller has already com
menced action In several counties to get a
deed to the State. After Fuch deed has been
taken the right of redemption expires.
Communications Received.
The following official communications were
received: From City Attorney, stating that
the St. Mary's Park fund cannot be diverted
to any other purpose; that the Initiatory step»
in changing a street grade must be taken by
the Board of Public Works; that the order of
the Supervisors narrowing \yillard street is
Invalid.
From the Auditor, submitting his estimate
of the expendituren of the city government
for the next fiscal year, also his estimate of
the tax levy to bo $1.0758.
From the Hoard of Health, stating that the
nuisance caufed by a steam carpet-beating
works at 3Z3 Tehama street has been abated
From the Tax Collector, afkinx the board to
r*comi>enise him at the rate of Jj for each 100
name* returned on the military roll", which he
Is compelled to compile. The cost of fretting
up the roll exceeds tlrtQO.
P*rom the Mayor, recommending the appoint
ment or an official photographer for the Police
L>p:iartment.
Referred to Committees.
The following petitions, protests, etc., were
referred to committee!*:
From MarKaret McQualde. asking damages
In the sum of IISTS. caused by a flow of water
Oue to the Improper grading of Gilbert street
Hole's.
THE SA^ FRAIN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1900.
Hale'a.
RINA M. WEST.
12