SURROUNDS THE BRITISH.
PRETORIA. April 17.— The latest official
reports from the Free State are to the ef
fect that General De Wet Is still sur
rounding General Brabant (Dalgety's)
forces, though the British forces are
strongly entrenched in Boer fashion. In
dicating that they are colonials.
Commandant Fronemann reports that
he chased 400 troops across the river in
the direction of Aliwal North, capturing
several prisoners. It is said that Bethullu
bridge has been blown up.
Goes on a Bicycle Tour.
WASHINGTON. April IS:— Second As
sistant Secretary of State Adee left
Washington to-night for a two months'
pleasure tour a-wheel in Northern France,
along the Rhine and through the Black
Forest.
LONDON. April 1?, 4:19 a. in.— Heavy
rair.s IxajM Je the movements of the
British columns. The blockade of
Wepentr continues, although relief
is near. Large quantities of stores
ar«? being moved southward from Bloem
fontein. which is a reversal cf the course
of frci^tt for the last six weeks. These
shipment* are made necessary by the op
erations in the southeast of the Free
State. There are 2000 sick in the field hos
dUalc most oX the cases being of dysen
irry and «r.teric fever.
With the exception of these facts, the
embargo upon war intelligence is almost
complete. The special correspondents
eend trivialities or statements which ob
ecure rattier than explain the situation in
th»?ir efforts Co prepare matter that will
pass the censor. Here and there a phrase
indicates an expectancy that large things
are about to happen.
Euiler to Be Recalled.
What is to be done with S:r Redvers
Buller and Sir Charles Warren occupies
everybody's auention. The papers con
tinue to comment earnestly upon Lord
Roberts" censure of these commanders.
They ask it" more errors are not likely to
occur, together with fruitless waste of life
fa th«- event that men who have been de
clared ircompetent by their superior con
tsii M ti> ropvman.l «o.O>> trirops- It U now
!getter*s!r accepted that the Government
bad a jvjrpose in the publication of Lord
Robtrts' diFpatch and that thr recall of
General Buller end General Warren has
probably been decided upon.
Steady Flow of Foreigners.
According to Boer reports there is a
Etc-ady flow of foreign volunteers to the
Transvaal- Hitherto these adventurers
have been attached to the various com
rr-ar.dof. Now it is said they are to be
formed into a special legion, with conti
::*-r.-.a! o!Sc*rs, and there is a rumor that
ih«- ccrr.rr.ar-d will be given to a distln
exished French soldier, lately retired, who
is now in the Transvaal or is nearing the
end of the journey thither.
PresctTiabiy the officer referred to in this
report i? General de Negrier. former mem
b»r cf the French Supreme Council of
War. who was removed from the active
list last July by the Marquis de Gallifet
a? a disciplinary measure during the ex
cltenicnt arising from the Dreyfus court
xr.artial. _
IN HONOR OF MAREUIL.
P^R'S. April IS.— Memorial services in
I r of the late General Vlllebois Ma-
T*ui\ killed while fighting agair.st the Bn-
Usb in South Africa, were held in Notre
Dame Cathedral to-day, the cost being
defrayed by public subscription. There
•p as "a large attendance, including the
« nr.«=u!< of the Orange Free State and the
T:ar.*vaaL The building was cgpecially
.^corated with cable hangings and tri
colors. '
Gereral Mercler on leaving the cathedral
ct the conclusion of the ceremony was
loudly acclaimed, which evoked a eoun
irr-dirr.onstratlon, resulting in the police
charging across the square in front of the
cathedral. TSe Anglophobe Deputy. M.
MfflerofsJ lent himself to a similar demon
ic ration with a like result. A few arrests
were made.
MANIFESTO TO AFRIKANDERS
CAPE TOWN, April IS.— The Boer Gov
ernments are circulating the following
ir.ar.ifesrto to the Afrikanders throughout
Cape Colony:
"We feel that our fate and the fate of
the whole cf Africar.dom is at stake, and
¦we appeal to you to stand and fight ehoul
<;rr to shoulder with us. You canr.ot. you
may not. allow the tyrant to extinguish
forever your finest traits of character, as
a nation.
"With you on our side the issue cannot
hr doubtful. You must conquer. God
srant that love for your country and your
liberty and the noble virtues cf men truly
iro*: may induce you to join us In the hour
of our supreme struggle."
DEAD LEFT UNBURIED.
his' Irish bride are returning to England
next month."
The appeal by Earl Russell for a judicial
separation, to which the Countess re
ferred, was decided by the House of
Lords in July, 1597. The question for de
cision was whether Countess Russell had
been guilty of legal cruelty. His appeal
was dismissed with costs.
Lord's Doings in Nevada.
RENO, Nev.. April IS.— Earl Russell, son
of John Russell, once Prime Minister of
England and a descendant of the Duke of
Bedford, has been masquerading about
Reno and along the shores of Lake Tahoe
a good part of the past year under the
guise of "J. F. Russell." He has been ac
companied by a woman going under the
name of Mollle Cooke and a young man,
said to be her son. but who turns out to
be Stanley Watson. At the Riverside Ho
tel, In Reno, about a year ago. Earl Rus
sell and Mollie Cooke first made their ap
pearance here, and by their mode of liv
ing left the impression that they were
husband and wife, that is. they occupied
room's together, smoked cigarettes to
gether and altogether acted as husband
and wife. " Later report 3 reached here
from Glenbrook that they had rented a
cottage on the shores of Lake Tahoe and
were there keeping house under the same
relationship. Still later they appeared in
Reno accompanied by a young man, said
to be the son of Mollle Cooke. Finally
they arrived here Sunday last and asked
George Cheek, the "Marriage Bureau"
clerk at the Riverside, if they could be
married without a license. On being in
formed that it would be a penitentiary
offense they procured a license and sum
moned Judge Curler of the Second Dis
trict Nevada Court, and in the presence
of George W. Cheek, the hotel clerk, and
Stanley Watson, the alleged son of Mol
lie Cooke, were married in the parlors of
the Riverside Hotel.
As Seen Smoking Together.
As seen smoking cigarettes with Earl
Russell on the lawn at the Riverside Hotel
about a year ago Mollle Cooke was buxom,
dark and forty, and from her features as
well as bearing • appeared amply able to
take care of herself. As compared with her
liege lord she is small of stature,, but
compactly if not stoutly built. .With
coarse, sharp-cut features, black hair and
dark eyes, her jaw, chin and reliant bear
ing in particular would- give one _the- in*
presslon that she would make a mighty
poor clinging vine to almost any 'massive
oak. Earl Russell would do for the oak.
He is tall, of reddish complexion, coarse
featured and has that gawkish, lounging
appearance and gait that we associate
with certain Englishmen- in this country.
With his outing costume, leggings, pipe
and cap, taken In connection with a cer
tain superiority of manner, he attracted
attention and naturally suggested British
nobility. In their conversations here they
"flocked by themselves," and no inkling
of the real identity of any of them ever
leaked out.
There is absolutely nothing known here
of the past history of 'Mollle Cooke,
though it had been surmised that she
came from Ireland. Earl Ru?sell regis
tered at the Riverside as "J. F. Russell
and party." He signed the marriage cer
tificate as "John Francis Stanley Russell
of London, England," married to "Mollie
Cooke of London. England."
BULLER AND WARREN
ARE TO BE RECALLED
(Continued on Third Fa£c)
MASERU. April 17.-Colonel Dalgety's
casualties since he has been besieged at
Wepomr have be^n twenty killed and 100
wounded. The Boer losses are reported
to have befn considerably heavier. After
the night attark on April 12 the dead were
!. ft on the field, where they Etill lie un
buried.
There is a conflict of opinion among the
Ifv-ders. Some want to attack again,
while ethers refuse to do so. Desultory
cannon firing and "sniping" continues.
The Caledonis rising, which alarms the
Boer*, as they are now on both sides of
the river, and might be cut on* if the
stream was to tweome flooded. Five Boer
yuns are believed to be disabled.
TRANSVAAL'S OFFER.
PRETORIA. April IS.— As soon as the
Berne award of the D«lagoa Bay Railway
arbitration was published the Transvaal
Government offered to lend Portugal the
amount she was condemned to pay ($3,000,
000). which, however, was courteously de
clined, the statement being made that the
money was already provided. The Gov
ernment is receiving many memorials
from burghers on the subject of sending
the Boer prisoners to St. Helena and will
formally protest to Great Britain on the
subject.
Secretary cf State Reitz Bay» the Trans-
vaal Government is not taking any reso
lution regarding the destruction or the
mines.
BELIEF BADLY NEEDED.
ACCRA. Gold Coast Colony. West Af
rica, April IS.— News has been received
here that Kumassie is closely invested and
that the situation will become accordingly
grave if relief is delayed. The Governor,
Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodgson, is asking
for all available forces., A British officer
who is in command of an important sta
tion north of Kumassie pays that unless
relief Is forthcoming soon It will be im
possible to hold out.
The first relief force Is expected to ar
rive at Kumassie to-day, and It will at
tempt to force the cordon. Natives here
are convinced that French Influences are
operating against the British.
GATACRE ALSO COMING.
LONDON. April IS.— Colonel Crofton,
who was in command at Spion Kop from
the time. General Woodgate was wounded
until Colonel Thornycroft was appointed
to the position and whose heliograph mes
sages to General Warren caused General
Buller to appoint Thornycroft to the
command, was placed on half. pay to-day.
Private information from Shrewsbury
to-day is to the effect that General Gat-
SHOT AT HIS DOOR
BY A WOODCHOPPER
Thomas Owens Fatally Injures Ed
Hale Near Lytton Springs
and Escapes.
SANTA ROSA, April 13.— Ed Hale was
shot and killed to-night by Thomas J.
Owens, who escaped. Late this evening
a man named Thomas J. Owens came to
the cottage occupied by Ed Hale, near
Lytton Springs, and wanted to be ad
mitted. Hale refused him admission.
Besides Hale there were two women In
the house, one of whom was Mrs. Hale.
On being refused admission Owens drew
a gun and shot Hale, who was standing
in the doorway. Owens then ran away.
Hale died In half an hour, the bullet hav
ing passed through his body.
Owens is a woodchopper and lives in
Alexander Valley. The Sheriff and depu
ties left here upon receipt of the news
of the murder and they are now In pur
suit of the murderer. Officers from the
country north of here are also on his
trail. . No cause has thus far been as
signed for the shooting.
GAVE UP A CAPTIVE
FILIPINO TO DEATH
Colonel James S. Pettit of the Thirty-
First Volunteers Court-
Martialed.
NEW YORK. April IS.— A dispatch from
Manila announces that Colonel James S.
Pettit cf the Thirty-first Volunteers, in
command at Zamboanga, has been court
martialed for banding a prisoner of war
over to President Medell of Zamboanga,
who killed the prisoner at once, without
trial.
Pettit Is the officer with whom Lieu
tenant Colonel Webb C. Hayes, who re
cently resigned, Is said to have quarreled,
owing to Pettlt's dickering with a Morro
for the right to land troops and compell
ing his men to submit to indignities from
the natives.
PRINCIPALS IN A BUSINESS DEAL THAT ONE REGRETS.
mAX KERSHAW. a young man
frcm Philadelphia, with a pen
chant for French restaurants
and the cocktail route, and a fre
quent visitor at the Cliff House, is looking
for one Jule C. Gamage, another young
man about town. In order to hag his
game Kershaw has employed an attorney
and the Pir.kertcn Detective Agency.
Kershaw doesn't ask for much— only about
J6700 worth of good, negotiable raiiroaJ
stock, which In a moment of effervescent
confidence he took from his inside pocket
and gave Gamage to dispose of in tht
New York market. The winsome Gam
age is now in New York playing the role
of a man of wealth. Kershaw is holding
forth at a French restaurant in th!s city,
blaspheming his own easy disposition and
vociferously damping the day he met the
quiet, smooth-faced and oily tongued
Gamage.
Gamage. who is employed by the Hard
ing Collection Agency, has been a familiar
figure in the cafes and public places of
this city, being usually identified by his
clothes, which were of the passionate va
riety.
Kershaw Had Money to Burn.
For more than a year Max Kershaw
has been in this city, and he calls it "lit
tle Paris." His home is in Philadelphia,
where the stone gathers the moss, and
the change from the peaceful life of that
great city to the swirling, fierce, "fizz"
existence of San Francisco has been his
financial undoing. Every month Kershaw
received a fat package of currency from
his uncle, J. Henry Kershaw, and from
his brother in Philadelphia, both of whom
are men of wealth and of prominent social
position. Max v/as always on the line, his
pockets heavy with clinking gold and with
an ever-ready hand to spend it. But lately
the money went "out of the exchequer
faster than it came in. One year of con
sistent remitting exhausted the patience
and generosity of uncle and brother, and
Max Kershaw was left without ready
cash.
As a safeguard and a last resource in
time of need the young Philadelphian al
ways carried on his person several thou
sand dollars' worth of railroad stock.
Gamage found this out. and now he has
the stock and Kershaw- is using every
means to recover It. He claims that his
good nuture, hla kindness of heart and his
dire distress were all instrumental in
drawing the railroad securities away from
him and placing them in the hands of
Gamage. Besides obtaining possession of
the stock Gamage secured from Kershaw
a general power of attorney to do as ho
saw flt with all his possessions.
The power of attorney was secured by
J E. Shaln, who acted for Gamage. and
forwarded It to the latter in New York
City. >:¦;•
Gamage Is in New York.
Gamage has been located in New York,
and he will be soon forced by legal pro
cess to deliver the stock in his possession,
if he has not disposed of it. The power of
attorney was revoked yesterday.
Kershaw. a graduate of Yale, has trav
eled from one end of the world to the
other, dipping into the pleasures of life
with abandon and utter lack of restraint.
In Denver he owns property worth thou
sands of dollars, but it is tied up in an
estate and he could- not use the income
as he 'desired. In this city he associated
with all the young men from the East
who have good connections and periodic
remittances. One of this class was Mor
gan Smith, who enjoys the reputation of
having squandered a fortune on the track
and following the rapid road to ruin.
Smith is a nephew of J. Pierpont Morgan
of •¦¦ New '¦ York. His sudden dash and
splurge In this community is a thing of
the immediate past, and he is at present a
rounder who has run bis course.
"Smith told Gamage ¦ all about .my
stock," says Kershaw, "else he would
cot have known about it. I waa strap?ea
and bauiy in want of money. Snutn
knew of the stock and my condition, ana
1 am positive he informed Gamage t>:
both. At any rate Gamage cane to ms
and agreed to get me JlOuO on the bonds
representing $30w of stock."
Parted With His Bonds.
Kershaw had in his possession threo
bonds of the Vincennes and Indianapolis
Kallroad, each valued at $1000, also three
bonds of the Philadelphia ami Reading
Railroad, which agg.Vgated in value JSTOif.
With ail this convertible property about
his clothes Kershaw could see neither the
sense nor the reason of going thirsty for
a bottle of champagne or hungry for
frogs, saute, etc.. so he listened to the
proposals of Gamage.
The deal was this: The collector of bail
debts was to receive 3 per cent for nego
tiating the sale of the tonds. Gamage
realized that a trip East, where the bontia
were quoted, might be palmed off en
young Kershaw. and the suggestion fol
lowed the thought. As evidence of good
faith he gave Kershaw CX> and received
the bond*. The COO came from Jak«
Raver. who loaned Garnage - H*.*) for a
single night and charged him for the us.?
of it the small sum of SZi). which is 172 i
per cent per annum. Rut what did Gam
age care? The next day he went to the
Crocker-Woolwortli Bank with the Vin
.cennes and Ir.dianapoiis .bond 3 anil
borrowed $1000 at a reasonable rat a
of interest, depositing the bonds as se
curity. Raver was paid that day. In or
der to get a quotation on the bends Gam
age. agreed to pay Jack Welch $100.
Money was no object to the collector.
Takes a Whirl in Chicago.
Kershaw with his S3OO was thoroughly
comerit with himself and liked th«
smooth-faced, check-suited broker. On
April 5 Gamage separated himself from
this city, bound to the far East. At Den
ver, where the real property of Kershaw
is situated. Gamage stopped off for a
time. Chicago was to his liking and he
"did" that city in genuine free-handed
fashion. Then came New York. Gamago
is not yet finished with the great metrop
olis.
From New York came all manner ol
wild tales about the collector. He repre
sented himself as an attorney with rail
road bonds from a reluctant holder who
wanted to sell. The Waidorf-Astolia was
selected by him as his nocturnal resting
place. Wine, women and horses helpe-l
consume hl3 time. Bell, the fashionable
New York tailor, is fitting him out In new
checks. He was on Wall street and of
fered the information that he owned Vin
cennes and IndianapolL* stock, but that as
he was not In want of money he wouM
hold it for a rise. When he grows 3ated
of New York. If his expressed desires b<?
akin to the truth. Gamage will then g»
to Philadelphia. Baltimore and Washing
ton. These cities are ail he cares to visi*
In the East. After that will come a Euro
pean trip for an Indefinite period. At
feast, that 13 what Gamage says:
KeTshaw Has an Awakening.
Jnst such a time as Gaaa?e has b«»n
Indulging in In New York Kershaw hs.3
been naving at this end of the continent.
Women and wine ana a reckless disre
gard for the cost have paralyzed the JSOO
and row Kershaw k* thinking until the
perspirntlon is streaming from his brain.
When he discovered what he had done h*
wired his relatives in Philadelphia, ami
they engaged the Pinkerton Deteetivo
Agency and an attorney for the young
Gamage is still in New York. Wherever
he goes in his incandescent wanderings as
he plays the butterfly of fashion and th«
torrid "tenderloin pattern, the shadow o?
a detective is upon him. What final ac
tion will be taken by young Kershaw i 3
yet unknown.
Gamage Explains Matters.
I Gamase was seen last n!sht In N>w
I York, and pave the follnwtas interview:
"A week or two a?n Kershaw came to
me— in the Maison Rlche I believe it was —
i (Continued on Third Paje.)
While Britons Are Trying to Reorganize
the Army in Natal, Rains Delay Oper
ations in the Free State.
EARL RUSSELL MAY
BE A BIGAMIST
Failing to Secure a Separation
From His Wife in England, He
Marries in Nevada.
Countess Enraged by the Announcement of
Her Husband's Act, and. Will at Once
Bring Legal Proceedings.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by
the New York Herald Company.
KERSHAW WANTS
HIS BONDS BACK
Jule C. Gamage Secures Posses
sion of Railroad Stock and
Goes East.
Tale of Wild Life in Two Cities in Which a
Wealthy Philadelphian and a Local
Man Figure.
Abandonment of Spion Kop, Which Lord Roberts Strongly Censures
This position, it will be remembered, was occupied by the British troops after three days' fight
ing in the vicinity, on the night of January 23, the Boers really evacuating it in order to entrap them.
From, dawn till dark of the 24th the Boer attack was pressed and rifle and cannon fire poured upon the
top cf the hill. General Woodgate, the officer in command of the British force, was killed, with 27 officers
and 177 men and 33 officers and 670 men wounded, besides 101 taken prisoners — 1008 in all.* During
the night Colonel Thornycroft, then in command, gave the order to retreat, which was begun at 1 o'clock
and accomplished by daylight on the 25th.
The above picture, taken from the London Graphic, shows the manner of removing the wounded,
the place beiner utterly impracticable for wheeled vehicles.
acre is leaving South Africa this week to
resume command of a local district.
TORE OFF RED CROSS BADGES.
LONDON, April 19.— According to a dis
patch to the Daily Mail from Lourenzo
Marques nearly half the members of the
Chicago ambulance corps, when offered
Mausers on their arTlval at Pretoria, tore
off their Red Cross badges. United States
Consul Hay notified the Transvaal Gov
ernment that he must report the circum
stance to Washington.
DRENCHED WITH RAIN.
LONDON. April 19.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Morning Post,.tele
graphing Tuesday, .April 17,. says: "The
town has been drenched with rain during
the last three •days;, which has caused the
greatest discomfort, especially as the
Thirteenth Brigade is not provided with
tents."
TO INTERCEPT CARRINGTON
LONDON. April IS.— The Lourenzo
Marques correspondent of the Daily Mail,
telegraphing Wednesday, says: - "Two
hundred and fifty Boers started , to-day
from Waterval Onder marching through
the Zoutp'anberg district to intercept Gen
eral Carrlngton'a force."
and get a divorce after the courts of his
own country have refused it. It Is not
true that the . Earl secured a judicial
separation from- me. The House of Lords
decided against the' Earl's petition for a
separation when It heard the case. The
blow is a terrible one to me; I hardly be
lieve it." - . ' ' ¦ - -
The Countess has placed the case in the
hands of her solicitcrs % The Earl's solici
tors, Messrs. Vanderco'ln. professed to be
in total Ignorance of their client's action.
Lady Scott Speaks ; Freely.
Lady Scott said she and her daughter
know the Earl had been In America about
a year, but they. had. heard "nothing from
him. She. added: . - •
"Lady. Russell: has placed- the matter in
the hands. of her solicitors. and Is not at
all inclined to resign^ herself • to the ac
ceptance of.. her. noble j husband's I family
motto, which Is: 'What will be. will be.'"
A close friend |of Lord j Russell, on con
firming . the announcement of . the Earl's
marriage, adds:
"For some time Lord- Russell felt 'that
his years of . suffering and . annoyance . had
released him from all obligations, moral
or otherwlse.'connected with hfs first mar
riage, and* therefore that; he was priv
ileged to do as, he pleased. I do not be
lieve the question at bigamy; will be
raised.rbut afany rate Lord Russell and
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 150.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
LONDON". April 18.— Society was
startled by the appearance of an
aavertisement cabled to the Times
and Standard yesterday statin?
that John Francis Stanley, Eari
Russell, was married at Reno, Nov., to
Mollle, daughter of the late George Cooke
of Cumbernauld, Scotland, on April 15
last. Earl Russell has been In America
about a year, but little of his movements
is known to his friends in London and
the announcement of his marriage was
a great surprise. Apparently he had not
confided his Intention to secure a divorce
to friends here. .'-
Countess Russell, who has been appear
ing at the Tivoli Music Hall, was quite
unprepared to hear the news, which so
affected her that she was unade to ap
pear last night. "When I saw her in the
afternoon she was very much upset and
very indignant.
"It is monstrous; terrible," she said,
"that a man can go to another countryA. de LUZE
& FILS,
BORDEAUX, FRANCE.
FINEST
CLARETS
SAUTERNES.
CHARLES MEINECKB A CO. " "
•YQCKTS. *1* fcfccrwjiecto BU. & S\. CU.
WASHINGTON, April 18.— In further re
sponse to the Senate resolution of January
17 last the President to-day sent to the
Senate additional documents bearing upon
t the insurrection in the Philippines. The
papers are all important. One of them is
a report of Colonel Aramas Blanco of the
:Philippine army to the "general com
manding, the zone," of the events
of February 2. 1899, in Tondo. He says
that on hearing' the alarm of fire he im
mediately ordered twenty men who gath
ered to hold themselves ready "so that
when the designated, hour arrived they
Would be ready to go to Meislc, where the
American barracks are, and set on fire
the houses about there in order to inter
fere with their coming out of the bar
racks, as was agreed upop in the meeting
with Drosend Lonvn. The result was
that on marching to the scene of opera
tions we found the calzadala of Azcaraga
was I * filled' with Americans and with them
were a number of country people, who
cried out. 'Brothers, to the strife, for now
is the hour!' This is what men were say
ing to that crowd and at the proper time
they sounded the call of our army, 'Ad
vance and fire!' The sight of that strange
scene threw us into confusion, for we be
lieved that- all we had prepared from the
beginning as well as what we saw was
prepared by the enemy and his spies."
He then ordered a retreat, and when
they met the Americans, the colonel says,
the latter gave, his forces two volleys. He
adds that his men with their daggers in
a hand-to-hand conflict forced the Ameri
cans to retire.
Another letter, dated at Tarlac, October
23 last, signed by J. M. Lebab, commands
an unknown Filipino officer, who. the
writer says, "will go to Manila commis
sioned by our Government to throw some
dynamite bombs and set fire J;o the houses
and the principal buildings, especially
those occupied by foreigners."
Overtures to Spaniards.
Among other documents is an unsigned
letter to General Rios of the Spanish
army, and in command at Iloilo, dated at
Malolos, October 25, 1898, apparently in
spired by Aguinaldo. In this letter the
writer says that his desire is to "yet save
from shipwreck the of Spain
in these islands." He then proceeds:
I am Informed that you are considering sur
rendering the place to us or to the Americans.
After six months of vigorous siege and of total
abandonment I understand how you can pre
fer us to the others. The way to make this
surrender Is to Join us and proclaim the feder
ation of the Filipino republic with the Spanish
republic, recognizing the chleftanshlp of our
honorable President, Senor Emllio Aguinaldo;
a fraternal embrace will take place between
Filipinos. Vizayana and Spaniards. There will
be hurrahs for Spain and the Filipinos united
as a federal republic; your troops will pass In
to the co imon army; you will be promoted to
a lieutenant general. Those who want can go
back at our expense and the - flags of Spain
and the Filipinos will float side by side. You
will give an account of this to Madrid and in
the meantime we shall fight the Americans to
gether. We shall conquer and then we shall
wait and adjust our future relations.
The surrender of the heroic column you com
mand is the greatest out rape which can be
Inflicted upon thone valiant men since they
hay» suffered the humiliation which their un
fortunate companions suffer here; and you,
the able and upright and valiant general, are
not going to sign a treaty with the Americans?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 19*, 1900
CHINA COMES TO TERMS.
Imperial Edict for the Protection of
Native Christians.
PEKING. April 19.— The Government
has issued an edict directing all Viceroys
and Governors to warn armed o'rganiza
ttons that they must refrain from acts of
hostility, toward native Christians. These
officials are also instructed to punish se
verely any infractions of the order.
Special Train's Fast Bun.
OMAHA. April IS.— Last evening Gen
eral Manager Dickinson, President Burt,
E. H. Harrimann and: Jacob SchlefJ; of
the-board of. directors of.the Union Pa
cific, were at Cheyenne, and it was neces
sary for the party to be here at an early
hour this morning. They left Cheyenne
at 6 o'clock laEt evening and reached
Omaha at 5:50 o'clock a. m. On the, west
end of the road the time was not as good
as expected, but from Grand - Island: to
Omaha. 163 miles, the run 1 was made in 152
minutes, making one stop at Schuyier for
water. The time for the 616 miles from
Cheyenne .toe Omaha was ten hours and
fifty minutes.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
- ? ' •- . ¦ , - ...FOR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO.... ........S. R "PORTLAND".. ApriI SO. 1900
FROM 5EATTLE... .......'.............;..:....;;.............. ..15. S. "D0RA"... ...... April SO. 1900
FKOM SAN FRANCISCO...: .....8. S. "RAINIER" May 10. 1900
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL. AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO.... 8. S. "ST. PAUL" May M
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM 5EATTLE......................... .......... ......5. a "BERTHA." commencln* April tth
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER. ,
.'•¦•. * For new folders, . map* and further particulars aa to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. 110. Sansome; street. "'San Francisco, Cal. :
For Seattle sailings apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. 84 Yesler building. Seattle. Wash.
SUPPOSED CORPSE
SHOWS SIGNS OF LIFE
Funeral of Miss Horr, Who Was Pro
nounced Dead by Physicians,
Is Postponed.
Br-ee'.a! Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. April IS.— ls Miss Minnie
Horr dead or alive? Three days ago she
was pronounced dead by physicians, hav
ing succumbed to a stroke of paralysis.
She was cared for by undertakers and
arrangements were made for the funeral
to-day.
The* hour for the funeral passed, but
there were no service*. The flush of
health has gradually deepened upon the
purposed corpse's cheeks and her parents
will not allow the remains to be interred.
Dissolution has not commenced and the
woman appears In a trance, though j the
physicians declare she is dead.
All her life the "young woman had ex
pressed a horror of being buried alive.
One of her constant reauests during brief
ppells of sickness was that she should not
be buried until death was certain. Her
parent?, remembering her request, have
determined to keep the body until the
question of life or death is settled. The
young lady lived at 914 Fourth avenue and
was popular.
GATHER TO DISCUSS
ARID LAND PROBLEMS
Governors of Western States in Con
ference at the Capital of \
Utah.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 18.— At the
meetingJof the Governors called to meet
here to-day to discuss arid land problems
the following were present: Governor
Wells of ' Utah, Governor Richards of Wy
oming. Governor Smith of Montana, O.
B. .Holcomb, representing the Governor
of /Washington: F. L. Oswald, J. E. Clin
ton' Jr. and J. D. Wood, representing the
Governor of Idaho. Governor Lee of
South Dakota and Governor Poynter of
Nebraska are expected here to-morrow.
J. C- Mackay. president of the Uintah
and Sweetwater County (Wyo.) Sheep
Men's ' Protective Association, and Jesse
Smith, president of the Utah Wool Grow
ers' Association, addressed the Governors
on thesubject of the leasing of grazing
lands and the ceding of arid lands to the
States. The discussion was informal. An
adjournment was taken until 1 o'clock to
morrow.- '
WHOLESALE ARRESTS
OF NAVAL OFFICERS
Two Admirals and Forty-Two Subor
dinates in Russian Service
Accused of Crime.
VIENNA. April 18.— Two Russian ad
mirals and forty-two Russian naval offi
cers of high rank are • reported to have
been arrested at Sebastopol owing to Ir
regularities in the construction depart
ment ana ;^9 embezzlement of millions.
All the ships m ilil^ck Sea harbors are
being ordered to Sebastopol for inspection.
To this movement is attributable the re
cent rumor of Russian naval mobilization
in the Black Sea.
Charousek Dead.
BUDAPEST. April 18.— Charousek, the
well-known chess player, is dead.
blackmailers who were making a business
of. jumping claims. '
"These people," declared Teller with
emphasis, "are blackmailers or thieves,
and since mining was begun in this coun
try they have been the curse of every
mining camp. They are among the worst
scoundrels that ever went unhung."
Without further debate the Alaskan bill
was laid aside. The Senate at 5:15 p. m.
went into executive session and at 6:25
p. m. adjourned.
TO SAFEGUARD THE
COLORED MAN'S VOTE
Chandler Introduces a Bill to Pre
vent Disfranchisement of
! , Negroes.
WASHINGTON, April 18.— Senator
Chandler to-day introduced a bill "for the
prevention of the denial or the abridg
ment of the right of citizens of the United
States to vote on account of. color." In
presenting the bill. Chandler said that he
did so by request and was not yet prepar
ed to press its consideration. He said,
however, that he had drawn up the bill
himself. It provides that "any require
ment of any qualification for suffrage pre
scribed by any State in its constitution or
its law,- which directly or indirectly by ex
press words or by any device or subter
fuge is made to apply in its terms or in
its operation to the great body of colored
citizens of the State, while it Is not made
to apply to the great body of white citi
zens, is hereby declared to be unconstitu
tional, null and inoperative."
Other sections of the bill authorize col
ored citizens to vote regardless of race
or of State restrictions. Colored citizens
also are given the right of action for dam
ages against registration boards refusing
them the right to register.
REWARDS FOR GALLANT
VOLUNTEER OFFICERS
Bill Pfoviding for the Promotion and
Retirement of Wheeler, Lee
and Wilson.
WASHINGTON. April 18.—Representa
tive Grosvenor of Ohio introduced a bill
authorizing the President to appoint three
volunteer officers as brigadier generals,
with a view to their retirement. The bill
is an administration measure, having been
presented by Grosvenor after conference
with administration officials and at their
"request. It is designed to benefit General
Joseph Wheeler, General Fitzhugh Lee
and General James H. Wilson, all of them
volunteer officers, who, by the terms of
the bill.*rould be given rank as brigadier
generals In the regular Bervlce and subse
quently retired.
NOT IN FAVOR
OF CHANGING
MINING LAWS
Hansbrough's Amendment to
Alaskan Bill Opposed by
Senators.
Nelson Denounces the Nome Law
and Order League as an Or
ganization of Claim
>
WASHINGTON, April 18.— During al
most the entire session of the Senate to
day the Alaskan Civil Code bill was under
consideration. In this connection Stewart
of Nevada delivered an address of nearly
throe hours upon the mining laws of the
United States and their relation to the
proposed amendment of Hansbrough as to
the rights of the locators of claims. Nel
son of Minnesota, Carter of Montana and
Teller of Colorado discussed the pending
amendment at length, both Nelson and
Teller being particularly vigorous in de
nunciation of it.
Hale reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs a joint resolution .drawn
originally by Mason of Illinois, authoriz
ing the Secretary of the Navy to have
struck bronze medals for distribution
among certain officers and men ot the
North Atlantic Squadron commemorating
the naval engagements between the forces
of Spain and the United States in the wa
ters of the West Indies and the Cuban
coast. The measure, which appropriates
$25,000, was adopted,
A resolution was offered by Hoar, di
recting the Secretary of War to tell the
Senate how many lnmateß of the National
Soldiers' Homes were colored men or In
dians. In explanation Hoar said that it
was his desire simply to ascertain whether
there are a sufficient number of colored
inmates of such homes to warrant a sep
arate institution. Pettus of Alabama
asked that similar data concerning the
national asylums for the Insane be asked
for by the resolution. This was agreed to
and the resolution was passed.
A concurrent resolution offered by Fos
ter of Washington, directing the Secretary
of War to have a survey made of the
mouth of the Nooksachk River, was
passed. -;-,;_/ v
Inquiry as to War Tax Revenue.
Gallinger of Ohio offered a resolution
calling on the Secretary, of the Treasury
for the aggregate amount of revenue de
rived from the tax on notes, bank checks,
insurance policies, leases, mortgages, tele
grams, express shipments and medical
preparations. Several suggestions were
made to include other articles on which
there is a revenue tax. Platt of Connecti
cut suggested that the information asked
for ougnt to cover the operation of the
entire war revenue act. After some dis
cussion the resolution went over.
A bill providing that the State of Wy
oming be permitted to relinquish to the
United States certain lands heretofore se
lected and to select other lands from the
public domain was passed.
An effort was made by Money of Mis
sissippi and several of his Democratic col
leagues to obtain consideration of the bill
to revive and amend an act to provide
for the collection of abandoned property
and the prevention of frauds in insurrec
tionary districts within the United States,
and acts amendatory thereof. Strong op
position to the bill developed on the part
of Hale of Maine. Chandler of New Hamp
shire, Warren of Wyoming, and others.
Hale declared that: the bill. If -passed;
would subject the United States. treasury
to a drain of probably $150,000,000. Money
challenged Hale's statement, . saying that
the bill would take no. such amount from
the treasury: that it involved;only:ss,ooo,
000,' and that a trust*fund," for. which the
measure provided, was the means ¦¦ of 'dis-»
tribution to its proper owners. :¦ • ¦
Teller, of Colorado,: as a friend of the
bill, urged Money not to press 'the meas
ure at this time, ac come further Informa
tion was needed by the Senate before it
acted upon the- bill. 'The •bill* needed
amendment, he; said, » but he thought it
would be passed without serious delay.
when understood by the Senate. Money
gave notice that he would call up the
bill next. Wednesday.
Stewart Be views Mining Laws.
The Senate then resumed consideration
of the Alaskan Civil Code bill, Stewart
addressing the« Senate on the pending
Hansbroush amendment, speaking in op
position to any change in the mining laws
of the United States. Stewart reviewed
the mining laws of the Strte to the extent
that they related to alien's rights" in the
Alaskan gold fields. He defended the
rights, of the Laplanders. Swedes and Nor
wegians who had entered mining claims
in the Cape Nome district.
Nelson followed Stewart, also sustain
ing the rights of the so-called aliens who
had located the mining claims In question.
Hansbrough interrupted Nelson to read a
paragraph from a document drawn by
the Law and Order League of the Cape
Nome district, which declared- that the
people who," Nelson said, had located the
claims were not really the locators of the
claims.
In reply Nelson said that the time had
come to call things by their, correct
names. He derfounced the "Law and Or
der League" as an organization formed
to jump claims located by honest pros
pectors.
Continuing, Nelson said the claim own
ers in the Cape Nome district were all
declared citizens of the United States, or
people who had honestly Intended to be
come citizens of the United States. He
declared there was no reason in equity,
justice or common sense why any dis
crimination-should be made against the
Swedes, jNorweglans and Laplanders.
Th« "Law and Order League," he said,
had attempted to drive these people from
the Cape Nome district and had been pre
vented doing so only by the United States
military, forces. As a result, the league
had asked the removal of the commander
of the United States troops in that dis
trict. The proposition, reduced to its ulti
mate analysis, was simply one to fortify
claim jumpers as they had never before
been fortified. '
Tillman of South Carolina agreed with
Nelson in what he had said of the rights
of the Swedes. Norwegians. Laplanders'
and Finns, and, speaking of the Hans
brough amendment, said that "Senators
ought to take It by the nape of the neck
and kick it out of the Senate."
Carter and Teller Clash.
Carter of Montana made an earnest and
forceful appeal to the Senate that the
American miner— either native born or
properly, naturalized— should have the first
claims upon the mining land of the United
States. He said in the course of his re
marks that he had no desire to change
the mining laws, but intimated that Tel
ler of Colorado and others were trying
to change them. In a heated reply. Tel
ler declared that Carter "under a pre
tended zeal for the American miners" had
attempted to shift upon him the responsi
bility of a desire 'to change the mining
laws of the United States.
"I resent the statement," interjected
Carter, and was about to explain further
when Teller declined, to yield.
The Colorado Senator said that. nobody
had proposed any change of the mining
laws except Hansbrough and Carter, who
by their proposed explanation were pro
tecting the scallawags and scoundrels and
SACRAMENTO, April IS.-The First
Congregational Church never looked
more beautiful than it did to-night
on the occasion of the wedding of
William L. Dierssen and Miss Fran
ces B. Xourse. The floral wealth of Sac
ramento was called into requisition in or
der to adorn the church and the rarest
of roses were twined about in long ropes
and gathered in the center from the four
corners of the sanctuary. Six hundred
invitations had been issued and the re
sponses showed the high estimation in
which the young couple are held. It was
essentially a "pink wedding," and as such
was one of the most attractive ever wit
nessed here. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. J. B. Silcox, pastor of the church.
The young couple were attended by Miss
Rebe Nourse, sister' of the bride, as
bridesmaid, and Richard E. Dierwsen.
brother of the groom, as groomsman. The
maids of honor were Miss Adelaide Diers
sen, Miss Laura Dierssen, Miss Ruby
Cooper and Miss Sydina Barnard of San
Francisco. The ushers were Edward Rob-
inson, Halsey G. Smith. Frederick Blanch
ard and William Qutnton.
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. G. F. Nourse of Sacramento. She
is an accomplished singer, having been
under the tuition of the famous Clara
Munger of Boston, and having studied ex
tensively in Eastern academies. Her voice
is a mezzo soprano of rare sweetness.
Mr. Dierssen is the eldest son of D. Diers
sen. a leading merchant, and is associated
with his father. The bride's dress was
an exquisite creation. The skirt was
plain, with long court train, finished
around the bottom with heavy cable cord.
The corsage was high, embroidered in a
pansy pattern, with sea pearls. The
sleeves were mousquetalre. finished at tho
hand with pearl trimmings. Around the
yoke was drawn a fichu of chiffon, which
was finished at the ends with a fringe of
sea pearls. The wedding veil was fas
tened to the coiffure by a spray of orange
blossoms. She carried a bouquet of brides
roses tied with tulle. The drosses of the
bridesmaid and maids of honor were of
pink. Mr. and Mrs". Dierssen, after their
honeymoon trip, will occupy their own
home in this city. ' . .
God preserve you from It. sir. Tour transfer
to our side does not really Involve treason to
Spain, since the moment sovereignty pa«*e.l
you are free to transfer your alleelance. Tnis
is in accordance with the principles of national
honor, and it would serve as . the first base or
the new alliance between Spain and the Fili
pinos, and then from both would come honor
and apolause for you as having been the one
fortunate enourh to effect It.
Both the preceding document and the
one immediately following were on paper
used in the private office of Aguinaldo,
but neither of them bore any signature.
The second document in this connection,
whtch is not dated, is apparently a letter
of instruction to the Filipino Commission
ers who were to accompany the American
troops to Iloilo. They were told not to
recognize the sovereignty of the American
Government and upon disembarking the
commissioners .were to prepare the Fili
pino forces to attack the Spaniards "some
hours before the Americans can enter the
place." They are told that in case either
the Spaniards or the Americans want to
treat and make promises to "believe noth
ing and pay attention to nothing:, but
press the attack until you die or con
quer both of them." If the attack should
not take place until after the entry of th»
Americans the Filipinos were instructed
that they must "continue to enter the
city, preparing to occupy and taking pos
session of the ground, but without firing
a shot unless the Americans commence."
In case the Americans should begin tho
Filipinos were to attack immediately and
not to give up until killed.
Discounts American Valor.
In this connection the Iloiloana were
assured that the Americans were valorous
only in appearance and would soon yield
if met by valor. If the Filipinos should
get possession of Hollo before the disem
barkation of the Americans then the Fili
pinos were to "conceal themselves well
In order to deceive the Americans and
make them think we are more than we
are in fact. In this," the Instruction con
tinues, "let them appear and when they
are in due range of our rifles there should
be a general discharge, so that as many
men as possible will be killed at one.
We can calculate one of our soldiers be
ing worth four of theirs, so that In the
hour of victory after the combat we
should have less losses than theirs."
Another document relates to the con
ference sought by General Otis with Fili
pino leaders relative to the expedition to
Iloilo and says that General Otis tried
to secure a deputation of natives to ac
company the expedition in order to con
ciliate the insurgents there. There Is a'
note with this document saying that Gen
eral Otis had indicated that it was the
purpose of the United States to annex, the
Philippines, but that the general admitted
that there were two parties In the Senate.
A proclamation signed by Aguinaldo on
the 24th of May. IS9B, says:
I see the firanlsh Government is arable to
struggle with certain elements which coni>tant
ly oppose the progress of this country, and now
flnce the powerful and great North American
nation ha* come showing a disinterested pro
tection which will enable us to secure the lib
erty of this country, I come to assume the
command of all forces, ready to assure the
attainment of our revived aspirations.
He said he would first establish a dic
tatorship and afterward a government
with a cabinet.
The papers are all translations of docu
ments eajatured from the Filipino forces.
WEDDED UNDER A
CANOPY OF FLOWERS
William L Dierssen and Miss Frances
Noiirsß Made Husband and Wife
Special Dispatch to the Call.
PARTISAN STRIFE
IN LOWER HOUSE
Politics Creeps in During the Dis
cussion of the Naval Appro
priation Bill.
»
Grosvenor in a Defense of tbe President In
curs the Anger of Williams of
Mississippi.
WASHINGTON, April IS.— The debate
en the naval appropriation bill .under, the
five-minute rule to-day drifted .into poli
tics, and for a good portion of the after
;.r;on members fought hammer and tongs
across the political aisle. The partisan
rancor almost culminated In a sensational
scene between Grosvenor of Ohio, the
champion of the administration, and Will
iam? of Mississippi. Some of the Demo
crats began worrying Hawley of Texas by
pointedly asking if tho President had not
chanced his mind on the Porto Kican
tariff question, and Grosvenor finally
threw himself into the breach. Williams
made an interruption that drew a sharp
rejoinder from the Ohionn about the "un
fair" advantage taken by the MissSsslp
pian. This aroused the wrath of the lat
ter, and after Grosvenor had concluded
he made a stinging response, in which he
paid parliamentary language would not
permit him properly to characterize Gros
venor's offense. Later Grosvenor dis
claimed Intentional affront and there the
matter ended.
Some progress was made with the bill.
but most of the controverted points went
over. A motion to strike from the biil the
contingent fund of $300,000 for the Navy
Department was defeated. A point of or
der against the aporopriatlon of $330,000
for the new Naval Academy at Annapolis
was pendinjr vrhen the House adjourned.
Kitchen ot \*orth Carolina, a member
of the Xava' emmittee, made a point of
order agairst the provision in the bin ap»
propriatirg $300,000 to be expended under
the direction of the President to meet un
foreseen contingencies.
Foss argued th:it the appropriation was
In crdcr for the general provision for the
maintenance of the navy. As a general
principle, Foss said, he would not advo
cate so large a contingency appropriation,
but he thought present circumstances
warranted it. Kitchen said that if Will
iam J. Bryan were in the executive man
pion to-day r.ot a member on the other
Fide would lx» willing to place J500.000 at
his disposal for use in his discretion. It
vas bad policy and bad precedent.
Politics Creeps In.
During Fr-.nje remarks by Hawley of
Texas in euiogy of the President's course
Kitchen asked him if the President had
rot denied that the constitution, the
greatest of all blessings, followed the flag.
"That is a technical question," replied
Hawley.
"In order not to embarrass the gentle
xrsan I withdraw the question," observed
Kitchen, amid laughter.
Later Hawley challenged Wheeler cf
Kentucky to give the name of the officer
of the United States v.hor- he yesterday
• xpressed the opinion was responsible for
the armor-plate trust. Whet lor replied
that he had expressed that opinion, but
be did not giv<* the name of the officer
vhorn he had in mind.
Later on Grosvenor of Ohio and Wil
liams of Mississippi became involved in
« sharp controversy. Williams quoted an
{¦Hoped Interview with the president of a
Western university, in which, speak'ng of
the President's position or. the Porto Ri
can bill, he said that while it might be
jrorer to Fpeak of Peel and Gladstone
having change;! their minds on public
*>uoF'!ons. it wor.ld be more precise to say
that President McK^r.ley "had oermlUed
his mind to be changed for him." (Laugh
ter and applause on the Democratic side.)
"Does not the gentleman know that the
purported interview was utterly repudi
ated by its alleged author?" asked Groe
venor.
"The gentleman dors not know it. but
If it was repudiated, the anecdote Is true
en my own responsibility." replied Wil
liams, who proceeded to ask whether It
tvns true that the President had changed
fcis mind on the Pnrto Rican question.
There was considerable fencing. Wheeler
ct Kentucky taking n hand. At last Orcs
ver.or made an allusion to Williams'
method of lnterrunting him. which the
Intter resented with an emphasis that
portended a personal ouarrel on th<? floor.
rut Williams finally allowed Grosvenor to
proceed, reserving his reply until the
Ohioan had finished.
"Poos the ger.tleman deny that the
President has ctiaxuced h's mind?" asked
Kitchen (D.) of New York, addressing
Grosvenor.
Grosvenor Defends the President.
"As soon as it became manifest to the
ProFidfnt that monf-y had to be raised in
ffitne way and that the Ways and Means
Committee cf thif House had brought in
a tariff bill providing for 15 per cent or 23
T'-r cent." replied Grosvenor, "tbe Presi
dent recognized thft right and power of
this House to originate that tariff bill. Up
to the very last moment of the passage
cf that Porto R!can bill gentleman on the
either sirte insisted that the Pr^si^ont was
Ftill in favor of free Jrade in P< > Rico,
nnd newspapers from one end of this con
tinent to thf other claimed that we. on
this side of th<* Hrufe. were in a contest
with the President: that the President
rever had changed his mind: that he was
Ftill In favor of free trade. But I call the
pentl^man's attention to the fact that in
tbe message of the President he gave no
f;ign or indication of when he desired that
that free-trade measure should go Into
effect. We by our vote put it so that
•within the next sixty days, ninety days.
four months— any time after the organiza
tion of the civil Government— the people
cf Porto Kico can have free trade. The
President has signed it and thereby given
his approval to it."
"The gentleman says the President bows
to the will of Congress." interposed
Wheeler. "In the debate on the Porto
Kican question, when the gentleman ap-
pealed to his colleagues to support the
pending bill, he charged It to be true that
the President cf the United States was
then In accord with him."
Groirvenor— l cay so now.
- Wheeler— He changed his opinion . ""•-,
Grosvenor— I say he did not chance his
opinion in any material respect: he simply
chanped from the original Idea of free trade
to what was almost the condition of free trade
that we appended to the measure. The country
understands it. Congressman after Conirrees
rr.an who stood here in defense of the bill has
pone to his constituents Just when the Demo
cratio noise was the loudest and has been
rent back here with a unanimity almost unpar
eHeled In the nomination of Congressmen. And
the great bofly at Philadelphia, the Manufae-
turers' Association, yesterday approved of
the Porto lUran bill, the very body that a few
weoks ajto was quoted on this floor as opposed
to it. (Applause on the Republican side.) And
fi-om one -end of this country to the other the
people cf tbis country are taking care of it.
Tbe Republican party will not lose any votes
ia t!i<> cominjr election because of its action on
the I'orto lllcan bill. We are not holding back
¦by: the coattatls of the world and holler
ing "When"; we hnve got something to show
for our opinions. Witness the splendid organl
xatltn of the new government of the Hawaiian
territory. Look ct the liberal, penerous. Chris
tian laws that we have bestowed upon the peo
ple of Porto tiico. I^xik at the fact that but
fur the intervention of a few men on this side
cf tbe water we should have extended the same
benefits of the constitution, the same liberty
of American citizenship, in embryo, at least to
the people of the Philippine Islands. Dut we
wr^jld not consent that you should drive us to
adtrit that the people of Porto Rico and the
perple of the Philippine Islands were upon an
equal footing with the people In the United
States. We would not consent that millions
of Malnye and all those people might
come ever here and march Into our labor mar
kets, and we will make it warm for you be
fore the campaign is over. (Laughter and ap
rlaufe on the Republican side.) You voted
that the constitution carried equal citizenship
to the Malays and the Chinese of the Philip
pine Islands and that is your position to-day.
It is yrur complaint that we would not let you
do it. but in due time, under the wisdom of the
ICc-rubUean narty and under the blesßinsrs of
God. we will send liberty and equal rights as
rapidly as thoy can comprehend them to the
!»K>ple of Porto Rico and to the people of the
Philippine Islands.
Williams' Bitter Reply.
When Grosvenor took his seat Williams
demanded an opportunity to reply and
time was accorded him. Speaking with
deliberation he said:
Mr. Chairman: As a man stows old he
learns something. I have learned something to
day. 1 will not acain, while a member of the
American Congxers, undertake to a«k a ques
tion ct any member on this -floor who is not
sufficiently "well versed in the ordinary cour
tesies of human intercourse to be capable of re
turning at leatt a polite reply to a polite
inquiry. Further than that It would be al
most Impossible for me without a breach of
rarllamentary rule to express myself upon
that partlcula- subject. I asked the gentleman
?rr,m Ohio a question which he either could not
answer or would not nnswer. or. in his usual
¦lawyer-Ilkc politician style, desired to evade.
That question ha* not k'n answered yet. The
eentleman said on this floor that the Presi
dent of the United States has not changed his
rrln3 upon the Porto Rlcan question. Remem
ber. I did not make the charge that he had.
What I charred was that he had permitted
ethers to change his mind for him, which in my
opinion was not a th'.nr of which any man
could at any time be proud. But in charity to
the President and In charity to many of the
members of this House. I asked the g-entleman
when lie denied that the President had chanced
his mind that he permit me to a*k a question
and he yielded. I ceked him whether the
Pr?fldent had not in a public messace an
nounced that he was in favor of free trade be
tween Porto Rico nnd the balance of the
t'r.ltod States and also whether various mem
bers .>f tMs House had not risen one after
another to cay that the President had told th»m
in private conversations that he was at the ttm*
of the conversations in favor of the bill which
passed the House. There way nothing rude
in that inquiry: there was nothing personal in
it: then? tvas noth?nr discourteous in it: there
was nothir* unprecedented in it: there was
rothlns In it that could have stirred up wrath
in the breast of any men except one who felt
as If he had to break up the convention in a
row in order to keep from arrivln* at an elec
tion. That is all. (Democratic applause.)
Grosveror. disclaimed any Intention of
affronting Williams and there the matter
ended.
Kitchen's amendment was lost.
When the provision relating to the ap
propriation of $100,000 for ocean and lake
Furveyn was reported Moody of Massa
chusetts reserved a point of order against
It and by agreement debate on the section
went over until to-morrow.
Cannon of Illinois made a point of order
against the appropriation of JJ&0.000 for
the construction of the new naval acad
pmy at Annapolis and Increasing the limit
of cost to $2,500,000. Mudd of Maryland
controverted .the remarks of Cannon in
support of his point. Without deciding
the point of order the committee rose.
May 3 was set aside for the consideration
of.the "free homes" bill. The conference
report on the urgent deficiency bill was
apreed to. At 5:25 p. m. the House ad
journed.
PLOTS AND PLANS
OF THE FILIPINOS
President McKinley Sends to the
Senate Papers- Captured From
Insurgents./
Evidence That Aguinaldo Recently Sought to
Form an Alliance With the
Spaniards.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B Th« oriental mall order April 19 \
B ho«M o! the Pacific Coast 1900
j Telcphcmc jour orders — or
j come on the cars and we'll re- £
I fond the car fare — Or write to
j the mail order department.
I Free parcel checks, free tele-
| phone, free postals, free delivery
I —even in Alamcda county.
j Macaroni I2>£c
I The finest Imported— lb
¥ delicious — the famous j
I Geoffroy brand— regular
; 16c lb— 3 days' sale 4 ;
Head Rice jYzZ ;
Corolina rice — large — Ib
i perfect grain — clean as a i
whistle — 9c grade — 3 days a
Tomatoes yj4c \
I All tomatoes^ — packed «*
f. solid — go farther^— flavor *
I perfect— pure fruit — 10c S
V kind — 3 days' sale
y (On* dozen cans will be sold for 90c)
I Prunes ioc
H The big kind— unusually '*
tj fine — Santa Clara Valley
H health builders— 15c lb
0 regular — 3 days
H (*s |b * wl " te * oIJ for **)
1 Fair/bank's Soap 5c !
H The big laundry cakes «**• |
fl — gold dust quality — a
II snap for 3 days
I Raisins 4PkKsrbr2sC
H Choice seeded — very con-
II venlent— hygenfc— reg ioc
II 3 days' sale
CASH STORE
THE HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
SALE STILL ON
Squares • $25.00 up
Uprights • 550.00 up
GUITARS, $1.00 up f7\
VIOLINS, sdp
$2.00 up ~Jt£r-
XJrS^ ) «AHDOLIIS,
\IS^O J $2.00 op
S BAB JOS, 50 CU. op
¦ .¦. ¦ '- ¦
BYRON MAUZY
308-310-312 Post St.
NlA^Aly R * TIERCE'S
J|pfilf^|& ELECTRIC
iSiPr BELT.
~f.J~== THIS BELT 19 WAR.
¦*^.*» ranted to b« th« latest Im-
• provexl. most t>ow#rful in<J Jn
an re«pect9 the best now manufactured la any
S art of the world. It* equal do«» not «xl»t. Th»
!»lv*noTn*ter nhnwi its electric current to ba
double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Unproved attach-
ment*. Special conductors aad electrode*.
Double wire surpensory tor men. It wIU cur»
any dl«eane on earth that It Is possible to cum
with electricity, and It cures when other* fall.
Buy no belt till you pee "Dr. Plerce'n."
"Booklet No. 2." free at offlca or sent by mail
for a t-cent stamp, tell* all about It. Addraaa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel) SAJJ FKAJICISCG.
Eastern Office— New Tcrk City.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
F^OR THE
||h CAPE NOME
«ii GOLD FIELDS.
The New »nd Palatial Steel Steamshlo
VHll Sail From San Francisco MAY 14th for th*
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Ma Seattle, leaving there May 13th. Su&»»-
3uent trips will b* from Seattle direct, namety.
une list. July lU t and August 20th. Passen-
gers are advised to. Inspect the Senator be to.*
purchasing tickets via ether steamers, as her
tecond-claas and steerage accommudatlons ar«
superior to the flrst-class accommodations oa
most of tbe steamers advertised for Nome
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has beeti
runciss Its steamers to Alaska— winter ana
•ummer— for 25 yean and Is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Line. For further laforma'ton In-
quire of J. P. TROWBRIDGE. Ocean Dock,
gefcttle. Wash. N. POSTO.V. 243 Washtngtoii
»t.. Portland. Or. W. PARRIS. «4 West Sec-
end St.. Los Angeles. Cal. OOODALL. PER-
KINS ft CO.. Gen. Agents, 4 New Mont*om«r7
St.. or 10 Mai-Vat it.. San Francisco. CaL
THE
ALASKA EXPLOBATIOU CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American Steamship
ZEALAND!/*,
CAPACITY 3000.T0N3. FOX
NOA\£ - - - - tir^ct.
Sailing from ' San Francisco
First Sailing ?..*> ay 21, 1900.
Second 5ai1ing......... June 25. 1900.
S. S. MORN'NGSTAR.
Direct tcr ST. MICHAEL AND NOME.
- SAILING. MAT 21. 1300.
Through Service for Dawson and Yukon Biver
Points. >
For Rates. Passengers and Freight.' Apply '
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-TtaM I I ,11 ,|LI 111 itnMMCMffm.ilaTlfTl C=
• DR. MEYERS & CO. conduct the
largest and best equipped medical insti-
tution and have the most extensive prac-
tice in the world. They avoid the use
of all mineral, poisonous or dangerous
drugs and electric belts. All their
remedies are carefully compounded In
their private laboratory, without cost to
t»--'r patients. .
SPEClALlSTS— Established atftrly 20 years.
Advice and Consultation Free.
Patients may deposit the price -of a
cure in any San Francisco bank, to b«
paid only after they are well, or may
. pay In monthly Installments.
731 Market St , S.F.
• HOXTRS-DaUy, 8 to 5: Evenings. 7 to 8;
Sundays. > to U. Elevator Entrance."
Save 25. Per Cent
On Your Summer Suit
by getting It made
at Pohelm's. S~^fo4m& jCq\
Suits f15.50 up. ASjTjSkkiyHG&v.
Pant. $4JSO up. /m^^(Km\
Guaranteed to be \ jfef«2 '\\ \A
first class in every JIjKViA r\^*
respect. f 1i *- / j|[3|j* "T\^
Sarr.plea sent free. f r \\
JOE POHEIM, ]F7 If 1 \\
The Tailor. I / Jj| |\j '
1110-1112 Market at. 'I ' 1f V
201-203 MontK*y st. " . B
¦¦---.. \ ¦¦ ¦:
I A If rj3 25 8?5%a E^ fl f^mjgjg
2THE REASON WHY
We p'easc all lies in the uniform excel-
lence of our laundry work. Spic and
jpan linen only comes from a place
y.here everything in done right. There
is no satisfaction in wearing things that
look as though they'd had a brush with
the Botrs. Enjoy the comfort and ele-
tr.-'.ncc which our laundry work only can
you.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St
ffiADEMEA WIAN
s<g^ AJAXTAtiuns PdsmVELYcURfi
[«•/ \ -**¦•£ Aeifoiw />«»<Me»— ffcilic-' Men-
HS —f I ort \ *'•'*?'¦?•**"**. etc.. conned tj o»or
•r J^-i ° r^ * L(f ,, 1 "< ll « cTetlOß».c TetlOB». They qmirkm
\ \£?s """• ' MrtJ » rt*tore Lost Vitality In old
Vj7 or *ouc« and Jit a man Icr etodr. bo»J-
c*S>^*si^OoafT:nir.uoiic *S>^*5i^OoafT:nir.uoii it Uitea In tW Their
B*k snow»i=iß<k.iiiU) ini;>roveiseat and eßacta CURB
A!''-2:2.*bit*». They ba»« car*! thousand* and will
cor* yoa. W« gi*a a poeitiv* written guarantee to ef.
(.r'i.c-.roiacK-h cuaor refund the merer Prim
0 J CIS. meet) for $2.60 br miilUnVikl^m:i?£r"
upon receipt of pnc«. Circaftrafraa "^^ »wvw.
AJAX REMEDY CO., ™c£g«*"l£*.
For «*)• la 8. F. by ]>lpnU* A Co.. Na Per-
«su£« I>rvg Co.. Owl Dru« Co., S. F., Otkra.
Imprisoned Chinaman Im
plicates Himself and
Two Others.
Jail at Steveston Surrounded by Jap
anese Who Wished to Lynch the
Men Held as Accessories
to the Crime. '
Sr>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 18.— Eight
Chinese are now in the provincial jail at
New Westminster charged with the mur
der of Alexander Main, the Chief of Police
of Steveston, or with -being accessory to
the crime. Main had been missing three
d.'iys and yesterday his mutilated and dis
membered remains were found in a fresh
ly made grave near a group of shatks oc
1 cupied by Chinese market gardeners. So
i bitter was the feeling in the town of
1 Steveston against the prisoners that dur
ing the night several hundred Japanese
' surrounded the Steveston police station,
Intent upon lynching the Chinese prison
ers but the officers managed to take the
Chinese in safety to Westminster, eight
miles distant. -
One of the prisoners, Chan Yee Chung,
to-day confessed to the murder, stating
! that Yip Lick, a highbinder, had ordered
1 the assault upon Main, but that the mur-
I dered officer had first been struck on the
head from behind with a club wielded by
I a third Chinese, who has fled and who has
I not yet been captured. The club, with its
iron hook, was found to-day near the
cabin, covered with blood, arid • a long
knife was also found with traces of blood
upon its blade.
From Chung's confessions, aided by evi
dence developed by the detectives, it is
now believed that when Chief Main at
tempted to arrest the Chinese for the
theft of the stolen goods found ln their
shack he was killed with the club and
knife, being repeatedly stabbed and
Chopped with the hooked tool. The re
mains were temporarily hidden, fires were
started where there were blood stains and
even Main's dog was killed In a vain at
tempt to avert suspicion.
I At night the body was taken from Its
temporary hiding place to be permanently
buried in a little round hole dug In the
beach. The body was chopped into small
pieces, but the hole had not been dug
deep enough and Jt could hardly hold the
parcel of butchered flesh.
VICE PRESIDENCY WILL
COME TO THE WEST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mogfo&r's Low®.
Is boundless. Yet it is utterly helpless
to give strength to the child born with a
low vitality. The time to give strength
to the child is before birth and to impart
this gift the mother herself must be !
strong. Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion gives strength to mothers. It pre-
serves them in robust health in the
months before baby comes. It practical-
ly does away with the pains of mother-
hood, and enables the mother to endow
her child with a healthy body and a
happy disposition. "Favorite Prescrip- \
tion" contains no alcohol and is abso-
lutely free from opium and cocaine.
"I consider Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
the best- medicine made." writes Mrs. Mary !
Murdoch, of 220 Taylor St.. Topeka, Kausas. "I j
know it has no equal. I am the mother of ten
children and only one living— the tenth one.
She is one year old and is as well and hearty as
can be. She is a beauty. Of my other babies,
some were born at right time, but dead, others
were premature births; one lived to be one year
old but she was always feeble. I tried difierent
•doctors but none of them could tell what ray i
trouble was. I was examined by surgeons but j
they found nothing wrong. I did not know
what to do. so I thought this last time I would
try Dr. Picrce's Favcnte Prescription. J took it
the entire nine month* and now have a fine
baby girl, and I caa not praise your medicine
enough for the good it did me."
Dr. Picrce's Pellets cure heart-burn, j
"And the Farther West, the Better,"
Says National Committeeman
Manley.
NEW YORK, April 18.— Joseph H. Man
ley of Maine, who Is one of the members
of the Republican National Committee
deputized to look after arrangements for
the Republican National Con% r ention at
Philadelphia, was at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel last night. He said the Philadel
phlans were making fair progress In the
alterations to the convention hall and had
raised the money pledged by the citizens'
committee. Mr. Manley was asked who,
In his opinion, would be nominated for
Vice President.
"My impression," replied Mr. Manley,
"was that It would be a New York man.
But that has now been- changed. The
action of your State convention yesterday
would indicate that the New York Repub
licans do not want the Vice Presidency.
If that be the case I think the nomina
tion will bo to some Western man — and
the farther West he is the better it will
be. There has been some talk of Secre
tary Long, and Mr. Long probably would
accept; but there is no doubt about New
England, and I think the disposition is to
take a candidate from some section that
is fighting ground." t
Winslow Congratulates Hoar.
BOSTON, April 18.— The following tele
gram from Ervin Winslow, secretary of
the Anti-imperialistic League, was sent to
Senator Hoar to-day:
Congratulations. If Republican party rejects
this tremendous appeal It is doomed. We shall
follow your Inexorable logic, supporting no
party or candidate not standing with you on
this paramount question. Everything - else in-
Eisrniflcaa* 1
Large Gathering Promised.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April IS.— From present
indications the convention of the Califor
nia State League of Republican Clubs that
meets in this city April 27 and 28 will be
the most enthusiastic and largest gather
i ing in the history of the league. At the
close of business to-night at the head
quarters of the executive committee over
200 clubs had reported as fully organized
These clubs have elected nearly 600 dele
gates, while their returns show 11,000 ac
tive members on the rolls. The arrange
ments for the convention are completed
A reception committee of 100 has been se
lected to act as hosts and receive the In
coming delegations. A monster mas 3
meeting and parade is announced. The
speakers will be George Barnes, F.Schoon
maker, George Knight, Frank Davis and
others.
Death of Mrs. Pope.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MENLO PARK. April 18.— Mrs. Emily
Pope, wife of Francis Pope and daughter
of John T. Doyle, the well-known attor
ney, died : suddenly here - this afternoon.
Her husband is in Chicago.
-!«¦¦* uniiTßiifaiiiMiani - ll« in ii rv- .
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
STANFORD MANSION, SACRAMENTO, WHICH HAS BEEN
TURNED OVER TO THE CATHOLIC DIOCESE FOR A CHILDREN'S
HOME, TOGETHER WITH AN ENDOWMENT FUND OF- $75,000.
SACRAMENTO, April 18.— The Bee
to-night announces the gift by Mrs.
Leland Stanford of the beautiful
Stanford mansion at Eighth and-N
streets to Right Rev. Bishop Grace
of the Catholic diocese of Sacramento an 3
Yiis successors forever, together with an
endowment fund of $75,000. This money
has been invested in interest bearing
bonds and the monthly income will be ap
plied to the maintenance of the "Lathrop-
Stanford Children's Day Home," by
which the place will be known. The ¦home
will probably be conducted by the Sisters
of Mercy.
For twenty years this mansion, one of
the handsomest in the city, has been un
occupied, save for the solitary caretaker
who has served in that capacity since
Senator Stanford and wife removed to the
great house on California street. San
Francisco. For the old home place which
she gave away to-day Mrs. Stanford has
always cherished the deepest affection. It
was there that her son, Leland-Stanford
Jr., was born, and to this day the play
things in his room remain as when they
were left by the lad in whom the Senator
and his wife had centered their best
hopes. The old dining room appears as it
CONFESSES TO
THE MURDER
OF CHIEF MAIN
J. H. Maddy of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail
road Company, who will be ln charge of th l^
train- Mrs Dewey's maid and my valet. "U>
shall reach St. Louis by special train, arriving
there probably about 7 o'clock on the evenlns
of May 3. and shall appreciate your kindness
In arranzins no functions for that ev?r.ine. as
we shall no doubt be tired from travel.
With thanks for your courtesy in consulting
me. I am very truly JOum^^
JAMES COX. Esq.. Secretary.
Call for District Convention
SACRAMENTO. April IS.— The Second
Congressional District Republican com
mittee met in this city to-day and issued
a call for the district convention to meet
in Sacramento on the 15th day of May at
11 a. m. for the purpose of choosing two
delegates to the national Republican con
vention which meets ln Philadelphia in
June The delegatea to the district con
vention shall bo chosen as the county
committees may direct. The apportion
ment is as follows: Alpine, l: Amador. •>;
Butte. 8: Calavcras, 6; Xl Dorado, 5: Inyo.
3- Mariposa. 3: Mono. 2; Nevada. 10; Pla
cer. 8; Sacramento. 22; San Joaquln, I<>:
Suttcr 4; Tuolumne, 5; Yuha. 5. Th*»
counties represented at to-day's meeting
were Alpine. Butte. Calaveras. Maripf>s»a.
Nevada. Placer, Sacramento. San Joa
quin. Sutter and Tuba.
ARE YOU WEAK,
PALE OR NERVOUS?
V^r^tSx nose
't^ypf ' OWN
Wb > !t i« true that nervousness often occurs
tf a i rimary affection, la many instances it Is
tmt Mcosdanr to other troubles. In no class of
Ise&sea is nervousness so marked as ln those
-fi that relate to the delicate ortanlsm
DISEASES OF WOMEN' are always attended
tons that are entirely remote from the
if disorder. Paleness, weakness, nervous-
ten experienced long before the true
character of the dis-ase is discovered. Head-
;ich«-s «F:e. 1), Sunken Chetks <Fig. 2). Palpi-
:' the Heart (Fig\ 2). Impaired D.ges-
« 'F"ic. 4». Torrid Liver (Fie. 5) and Cos-
:\f:ies-s are all prominent symptoms that at-
end the— ailments ;tou!lar to women, syrap-
I raa i!-at may mislead until disease is firmly
established.
Hi.'I'YAN reaiiily corrects the above «ymp-
t El, whether th»-y occur as primary affections
• - -¦ r.<i:_ry- HUDYAN is the best remedy
t-'-er devised for the relief and cure of su<7er-
Jnc women, for it gives strength and tone to
the delicate organs. HUDYAN heaJs ulcera-
Uont and chronic Inflammation and perma-
TK-ntlr cvercimes all the distressing nervous
EjrmpCOßM that atter<l those functional and or-
ganic (Mf-ras^p r.f women.
HIUVAX imparts f-treneth to th» whole *ys-
tnn\ and piv<^ the gi,> w of health to all pale or
tail- ¦»¦ cognjlwrtmf.
Hl-DYAN i» for sale by drurtfrts-SOc a
rrackatre or six packages for $2 y>.
If your drucfiist doe* not kepp HUDYAN
K>nd direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO
comer Stockton, Ell's and Market sts , San
Francisco. Cal.
"»^^__^^ cf tbe Hudyan Renjedy
¦nnrTHR^ c °- n)ay fee =°ns U ited
I IJUU 1 UilO | by letter or Irj person.
¦? ? Write your s,mpton)s.
PEXD FOR CIHCrLARS AND TESTIMO-
NIALS OF THE GREAT HUDYAN. FREK.
fortunes of war and as th« fruits of the glori
ous achievements of the American sailors and
soldiers In the island possessions that became
ours by the terms of our treaty with Spain
So lon* as any of the Inhabitants of any of
the«e islands continue In acts of Insurrection
ag-a!nst the authority of the- United States It
Is the duty of the Government to establish there
peace and tranquillity.
The resolutions conclude by indorsing
the "wise, able and patriotic administra
tion of our great President."
*
THANKED BY DEWEY.
Admiral Pleased With Plans for His
St. Louis Reception.
ST. LOUIS. April IS.-The following let
ter was received " to-day by Mr. James
Cox. secretary of the committee having
in charge. the arrangements for the enter
tainment of Admiral Dewey during his
forthcoming visit to St. Louis:
WASHINGTON. D. C. April IS 1300
Dear Sir: I have the pleasure to acknowledge
the receipt of your letter ot the 13th Inst out!
lining the plans for the entertainment In your
cltj en May 3. i an<l 5 next, and hare no
change whatever to busiest ln your p rogramme
My party will consist of Mr?. Dewey and mv
?=mJ2u aid ,, an ? s " c . ret A! - Lieutenant? H. H.
Caldwell and J. W. Crawford, respectively-
Do You Realize the Danger You Are In?
Pain or dull ache in the back is un-
mistakable evidence of kidney tr-cuble.
It is nature's timely warning to show
you that the track of health is not clear.
If these danger signals are unheeded
more serious results are sure to follow:
Bright's Disease, which Is the worst
form of kidney trouble, may steal upon
you.
The mild and the extraordinary effect
of the world-famous kidney remedy,
Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. A trial will
convince any one — and you may have a
sample bottle for the asking.
Lame back is only one symptom of
kidney trouble — one of many. Other
symptoms showing that you need
Swamp-Root are, obliged to pass water
often during the day and to get up
many times at night, smarting or irri-
tation in passing, brickdust or sediment
in the urine, catarrh of the bladder,
constant headache* dizziness, sleepless-
ness, nervousness, irregular heart beat-
ing, rheumatism, bloating, irritability,
worn-out feeling, lack of ambition, loss
of flesh or sallow complexion.
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
settling or has a cloudy appearance it
did during the days when General Sher
man, General Grant, President Hayes and
other distinguished men were entertained
there.
The same massive furniture remains;
the same pictures look down from the
silent walls; the same sorrow seems to
brood over everything, as it has from the
day when the Senator and his wife, filled
with memories of departed tenants,
turned away from the abode and visited
it no more except in Imagination. But
the memories were all tender ones, and
Mrs. Stanford would have preferred that
the old mansion should have crumbled to
decay rather than that its history should
be profaned.
Mrs. Stanford has planned some im
provements which Bishop - Grace will
carry out prior to the opening of the in
stitution. The .home and grounds, how
ever, are in perfect condition and the
premises are most attractive. Mrs. Stan
ford a few years ago gave evidence of
her interest in the Catholic church here
by presenting to the Bishop a magnificent
picture of the Madonna, copied by per
mission of the Emperor of Austria from
the original one of the old masters, in
the Royal Gallery. The painting to-day
occupies the most prominent wall space
in the cathedral.
INITIAL STEPS
FOR FORMING A
FARMERS' TRUST
New Organization "Will Be
Known as the Knights
of the Soil.
Instead of Devoting Its Time to a
Discussion of Political Issues
It Will Be a Business
Union.
•
Sr-eclal DiF^atch to The Call.
TOPEKA. Kans., April 18.— The prelim
inary steps toward the organization of
a gifrar.tic farmers' trust to embrace all
of the- fanning communities of the Mis
sissippi Valley were taken at Abiline,
Kans., last night. The new association
will be known as Knights of the Soil, and
Is designed to take the place of the Farm
ers' Alliance, which has long since be
come * extinguished. This organization will
cifT'-r from its predecessor in respect to
the object eought to be obtained in effect
ing ihv.- organization.
Instead ot devoting its time and energies
to a discussion and attempt at settlement
of the political questions of the day this
association will be a business union of
the farmers, its chief object being to
enable the farmers to hold their grain and
produce during times of low prices with
out paying interest on a loan. The trust's
secondary objects are much like those of
t!:e alliance, in that it aims to improve
the farmer's social condition and furnish
him information relative to the world's
visible supply of grain, the condition of
crops in various sections and other infor
mation of like character, similar to that
furnished by the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
,B. H. Barnes, formerly of Dcs Moinet-,
lowa, is chief promoter of the new trust.
The idea of forming it was suggested to
h:rs by the combinations being effected
In all other lines of business. He already
has 1200 applications for membership in
the organization. Mr. Barr.es proposes to
organize a grand lodge, with local lodges
In all of the farming communities. He
::. - the following explanation of the
plan of the association:
"The chief idea cf the organization is
to rive the farmers a chance to hold their
crops without paying Interest. When a
iv.'.tnher needs a little money to tide him
ov« r for a time he makes his application
to h:s= local lodge and if it is a growing
cr-'i> that he has as security a committee
of three members examine it and make a
report to the lodge. The lodge lets him
have the money or as much of it as is
Bute on the crop and he pays no interest.
s . -r. when he sells the stuff he pays
into the treasury of his lodge s^>er cent
< : what be made by holding it. It cost»
iim rattling to hold his grain and if a
icerted movement of this kind is made
there will be no great rush of gTain to
cwrki-t. causing prices to drop. If wheat
n worth Uu cents when he gets his loan
i :: advances to 60 cents while he Is
dng it he pays to the lodge 5 per cent
f the profits he has made by holding it.
Thia fund is then used to loan to others
::. like circumstances."
and complained of being hard up and
sought to borrow money from me. 1
knew he had wealthy relatives in Phila
delphia, in some way connected with the
Knickerbocker Ice Company and that
J. Henry Kershaw of Philadelphia is his
uncle. 1 also knew that in August young
Kershaw will receive about $250, CW0 from
an estate. I insisted upon having security
before loaning him money and he pro
duced three bonds of the Indianapolis and
Vineennes Kail road and some stock of the
Philadelphia and Reading- road, supposed
to be worth about $2>X>o. He could not ne
gotiate these securities, so I, in my ca
pacity of attorney and agent, did so for
him at the Crocker-Woolworth Bank. The
paper was Reading stork. I received some
cash, balance to be paid me on my arrival
in New York. I handed Kershaw $500 and
he wanted me to use this money in dis
charging obligations he owed to women.
I then departed for the East, with the in
tention of visiting New York. Philadel
fhia, Boston. Baltimore and Washington,
n Boston and Washington I have rela
tives. It is still my intention to visit these
cities and then travel in Europe.
"When I reached Chicago on April 10 I
concluded that Kershav.- was an irrespon
sible fellow and I should, for my own pro
tection, obtain from him full power or
attorney authorizing me to negotiate his
securities. I accordingly wired to Attor
ney Kowalsky, then in New York, for ad
vice. He was about departing for Europe
and referred me to W. W. Foote. I then
wired my clerk in San Francisco to ob
tain this power of attorney. Upon my ar
rival in New York I found the following
telegram:
" 'SAN FRANCISCO,, April 10.— Power
of attorney and assignment absolute. Im
portant letter mailed you to-day.
" 'J. E. SHAINV "
Yesterday morning in New York City
Gamape purchased a telegraphic draft for
1750 payable to his wife. Mrs. Lilian
Gamage. He explained that this was in
tended to be turned over to Kershaw by
Mrs. Oamaw.
KERSHAW WANTS
HIS BONDS BACK
(Continued from First Page.)
AMERICA NOT
TO MAKE WAR
UPON TURKEY
. . .
Next Step in the Controversy
With the Sultan Will
Be Peaceful.
This Government Will Convey Its
Indignation at the Sublime
* Porte's Betrayal of
onuses.
WASHINGTON, April 18.-The news of
the firm attitude assumed by the State
Department toward the Turkish Govern
ment in the prosecution of its claim for
damages to American missionary prop
erty caused something of a sensation in
diplomatic circles to-day. Three succes
sive American Ministers have' prosecuted
these claims; each received a promise of
prompt settlement and yet not a dollar
has been paid. "With European diplomats
that is an old experience, and they have
consequently been somewhat surprised at
the announcement that the United States
Government is actually going to insist
upon performance instead of promise.
Minister Angell, after trying his hand at
collection for two years, recommended
that a United States warship be sent to
seize Smyrna and collect revenues at the
custom house thr-re sufficient to meet our
claims. This suggestion was not seriously
entertained, nor is it now. In the first
place, according to the State Department
ofllcials, the most important business in
terests in Smyrna are in the hands of for
eigners, not Turks, and a bombardment
by a United States fleet might result In a
pretty bill for damages against us. Then
as there is still a remnant of a Turkish
navy, the United States would have to
send a squadron instead of a single ship
Such a movement would without doubht
be resented by the remainder of Europe
which could not contemplate with equa
nimity any action by the United States
that would perhaps destroy the fruits of
many years' work of the great European
statesmen by precipitating a final crisis in
Turkey.
Therefore the next step to be taken by
our Government will not be warlike, but
will suggest in a most dignified manner
the indignation felt by the United States
at the betrayal of Turkish promises. How
this attitude will bear upon the Turkish
Minister in Washington cannot be fore
told at this moment. He has so far ab
solutely been unentangled in the negotia
tions, but that fact might not save him
from being made the immediate victim of
his country's laches. The Minister, how
ever, is very popular in Washington.
"LET HIM REMEMBER SPAIN."
British Correspondent's Warning- to
Abdul Hamid.
LONDON, April 19.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Times says:
"By further resistance to the claims of
the United States the Sultan will expose
himself to grave consequences which ne
probably had not foreseen. The United
States Government is not accustomed to
indulge in empty threats. If the Sultan'
for a moment supposed that he would find
protection from any European power let
him remember Spain."
is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
der need immediate attention.
In takinsr Swamo-Root you afford
natural help to nature, for Swamp- Root
is the most perfect healer and gentle
aid to the kidneys that is known to
medical science.
Swamp-Root is the triumphant dis-
covery of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kM-
ney and bladder specialist. Hospitals
use it with marked success in both
slight and severe cases. Doctors racim-
mend it to their patients and use it in
their own families, because they recog-
nize in Swamp-Root the greatest and
most successful remedy.
If you have the slightest symptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or if there is
a trace of it in your family history,
send at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bing-
hamton, N. V.. who will gladly serd
you free by mail immediately, without
cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-
Root and a book of wonderful Swamp -
Root testimonials. Be sure to say that
you read this generous offer in the San
Francisco Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
dollar size bottles at drug stores. Don't
make any mistake, but remember the
name, Swamp-Root.
DB. KILSIEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
MR. CLEVELAND
GIVES WARNING
TO DEMOCRACY
Appeals Against Abandoning
the Traditions of the
Party.
Declares That Victory Is Impossible
While Jeffersonian Principles
Are Put Into the Back
ground.
NEW YORK, April 18.— The Brooklyn
Democratic Club gave a dinner to-night
at the Germanla Club to commemorate
the one . hundred and fifty-seventh anni
versary of the birth of Thomas Jefferson.
About 150 persons were present. At the
guests' table were ex-Governor James E.
Campbell of Ohio, Joseph J. Willett of
Alabama and other prominent public
men.
Former President Grover Cleveland sent
a letter regretting his inability to be pres
ent and. expressing his opinions on the
present Democracy. The letter was as
follows:
.PRINCETON, N. J., April 11.
Louis F. Buchard— l>ear Sir: I regret that 1
am unable to accept your invitation to attend
the dinner to be given by the Brooklyn Demo
cratic Club on the l'ith inst. to commemorate
the birth of Thomas Jefferson.
When those who profess the Democratic faith
meet to celebrate the birth of the man who
tirFt gave them faith in a distinct formulation,
their pride in the achievements and triumphs
of the party which he founded should not en
tirely displace all thought of present situations
and the conditions which, in the light of ex
perience, appear to be essential to its success.
Though the faults of the party in power are
many, and though its offenses against the po
litical health and safety of the country are
flagrant, these things should not encourage us
to base an expectation of success and a hope
for the restoration of wholesome administration
upon the shortcomings of our adversaries.
We should too well understand their ability
to attach to their fortunes tha powerful con
tingent of selfish interests, to place confident
reliance upon the weakness which ought to be
the penalty of their misdeeds.
Besides, none of us can close our eyes to the
fact that the Democratic party is only for
midable in its own strength. Its power to win
victories has always been found tb depend upon
a sturdy and consistent adherence to its time
honored principles, which have proved suffi
cient to meet every emergency of our national
life. Whatever successes may have attended
a party of opportunity, with sails spread for
every transient breeze of popular sentiment or
excitement, experiment has abundantly dem
onstrated that Democracy is so constituted
that it is only strong when courageous in the i
richt and only victorious when its forces are |
marshaled under its old and well-organized i
standards. j
Our principles are so simple, and they ac
cord so well with the honost American dis
position, which loves freedom and cares for
the public welfare, that they are easily under- j
stood by the Democratic masses. As a result ;
of this, there has never been a time when false
leadership of our party and a departure from
simple Democratic faith have not been qulclily
discovered and ruthlessly rebuked by listless
support, pronounced defection and bitter de
feat. These consequences have thus far been
so inevitable that the lessons they teach can
not be disregarded without Inviting calamity.
The healthfulness of our party may well be
questioned when it shrinks from such an ex- '
amlnatlon of its position as will enable it to
avoid disaster, by keeping in a course of safety,
under the guidance of true Democracy.
Therefore, those who claim to be followers
of Thomas Jefferson will fail to discharge a
solemn duty if in this time of doubt and
temptation they neglect such an examination.
and If this discloses a tendency in party con
trol to subordinate the principles of pure [
Democracy, and to distrust their conquering I
power, then conditions should not continue I
without a bra\-e and early Democratic protest.
I have addressed these words to fejlow Demo
crats In the full consciousness that I am now
far removed from any Influence In party man
agement, but I love the old Democratic party,
and I have written under the sanction of that
"freedom of speech" which Thomas Jefferson
placed amonjr the cardinal factors of our
Democratic creed. Tours very truly,
GROVER CLEVELAND.
A letter from ex-Governor Boies of
lowa was read, in which he advocated the
freedom of Cuba and the giving up of the
Philippines. General Joseph Wheeler also
sent a letter of regret.
Joseph J. "Willett responded to the toast,
"A Century of Democracy."
In responding to the toast, "The Resto
ration of Jeffersonian Democracy," ex-
Governor Canjpbell declared that the
party of Jefferson could not survive half
Democratic and half Populistio. He re
pudiated the socialistic theories brought
into this party by the Populists. Speak
ing of the Chicago platform of IS£«>, he
declared that it enunciated many great
and enduring truths, but coupled them to
at least one fatal error— the un-Jefferson
ian and (under existing mining and com
mercial conditions) the impossible propo
sion of "10 to 1." The speaker said that
a majority of the electors of the country
were bimetallists. but they had been
forced to choose between the two forms
of monometallism, and they had chosen
gold. In doing so they had been saddled
with a financial bill which created the
most powerful and dangerous of all trusts i
—a money trust. It was sufficient, he said, j
to know that "1G to 1" was dead, and that
just so long as the Democrats proclaimed
their intention to resurrect it, just that
long would their own resurrection be
postponed.
Mr. Campbell declared that the army
of voters had plenty of work at good
wages. Continuing, he said;.
"It will be hard to enlist their co-opera
tion to destroy oppression in Porto Rico,
or stay imperialism in the Philippines, un
less we first abandon the menace to their
own prosperity."
DELEGATES NAMED BY
VERMONT REPUBLICANS
State Convention Resolutions Praise
the Administration of
McKinley.
BURLINGTON, Vt., April 18.— The Re
publican State Convention for the selec
tion of four delegates and four alternates to
the National Republican Convention was
hefd here to-day and resulted In the choice
of General J. G. McCullough of Benning
ton. Lieutenant Governor Henry C.
Bates of St. Johnsbury. Edwin Welis of
Burlington and Lamont W. Read of Bel
lows Falls as delegates. The delegation
was not instructed.
The resolutions reaffirmed allegiance to
"all the great historic principles for which
our party has stood trom its foundation
as the consistent advocate and cham
pion,"' expressed belief in. the policy of
protection which such reciprocal trade re
lations with friendly nations as seemed
wise; favored the "upbuilding and pro
tection of the American merchant ma
rine; an adequate and constantly improv
ing system of coast and harbor defenses,
a firm, vigorous, dignified foreign policy,
the reasonable regulation and restriction
of Immigration, a Just and liberal admin
istration of the pension laws, the contin
ual improvement and enlargement of the
navy, an isthmian canal under American
control and a cable across the Pacific."
The financial plank pronounces "strong
ly, and heartily in favor of the mainten
ance of the single gold standard."
Concerning the recently acquired islands
the platform says:
We believe that this country should manfully
accept and shoulder the increased duties and
responsibilities that have come to it durlnz
the present administration, through the wish
and free choice of the people concerned In the
accession of the Hawaiian Islands, through the
STANFORD MANSION GIVEN
TO THE CATHOLIC CHURCH
Handsome Building in Sacramento to Be
Remodeled and Used as a Dan
Home for Children.
PITIKIN ELECTED
PRESIDENT OF
THE CONGRESS
Trans-Mississippi Delegates
Name Permanent
Officers.
Committee on Resolutions Preparing
to Submit Its Report at the
Session to Be Held
To -Day.
t
HOUSTON. Tex., April 18.— The com
mittee on resolutions, the most important
of the Trans-Mississippi Congress, is at
work to-night preparing to report to
morrow. It has over a hundred resolu
tions to act upon and not more than
twenty-five will he accepted. Special in
terests are behind many of the resolu
tions, and the committee has no easy task
in selecting only those which will affect
the whole West.
The first business to-day was the intro
duction of resolutions as follows: By T.
M. Patterson of Colorado, indorsing the
bill now before Congress to appropriate
$5,000,000 for the St. L<ouis world's fair;
Whiterrtore of Missouri, favoring a Gov
ernment cable from the United States to
Hawaii and Manila; Patterson of Colo
rado, opposing the Hanna-Payne ship
subsidy bill.
Governor Savers, having reached the
pity, addressed the convention, bidding
welcome to the delegates. A telegram
from W. J. Bryan thanked the congress
for its invitation to attend the sessions,
but declined because of other engage
ments.
Officers of the Congress.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion reported the following nominations
for offices: President. John R. Pitkin of
New Orleans: first vice Dresident. Walter
Gresharn of Galveston; second vice presi
dent, W. L. Prince of New Mexico; third
vice president. D. O. Brooks of St. Paul;
fourth vice president. George Q. Cannon
of Salt Lake. The report was adopted and
the officers were declared elected. The
selection of a. secretary is left to the dele
gation of the State which secures the
congress.
W. G. Bates of Denver read an address
in opposition to the ship subsidy bill. He
was followed by Professor Waterhouse of
St. I-ouis on "A Factor of Public Pros
perity."
At the afternoon session Mr. "Whitemore
of Missouri read a paper prepared by Ly
man J. Cooley of Chicago. This was fol
lowed with an address by Rev. Dr. Lucey
of Arkansas on "Industrial Development
of the South as Affected by the Negro
Race."
Mr. Coleman of New Orleans and Mr.
Whitemore of St. I»uis introduced reso
lutions indorsing the bills now pending
before Congress providing for the imme
diate construction of the Nicaragua ca
nal. There was great applause when Mr.
Whitemore declared that "the time has
gone by for argument over this canal; it
must be built, and at once."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THUKSDAY, APRIL 19, 1900.
V-" a r^^2sr¥ ?! *» in making clothes {fls» j
i{ \ \c*^/l § past when it is necessary §h * :|
3;*y I yir^isS^ § to PP a y exor bitant prices fa?/* I
'^ I Si t0 custom tailors - |fe!
\ f/j j 11 H^| iiy 1 'J^'l^l If prefer), well lined, thor- £&;
H> \l I 4li 4 vij^?3^! '• tailored. Fit and wear |^j
r «^^S^<r v/ill percer.e.
The Secrets of Planets Revealed.
The immense telescope which Is now In
process of construction Is expected to bring
the moon within a mile's eyesight of this
world, and to reveal the secrets of all planets.
It may cause as great a change in. the world's
thoußht as Hostetter's Stomach Bitters does
in the physical condition of sufferers from
dyspepsia, constipation, liver or kidney
troubles. The Bitters strengthen the entire
system, and also prevents malaria, fever and
airue Try It. '
G -^ ¦ ¦ ¦«
1 ' ' " ¦' ' "' i
i m* BB F! <£& Ouro Indignation, j
HW^ itl ZhmLaaQJP sfc * Hoadzch*. I
C 10 cents and 25 cents, at all firagr stores. 1
DO YOD GET DP
WITH A I.SME RSfIP
ii nil n UilluJj JJiiUlii
/// ' / It VAWWm am\\ ie»v///.7/// /, ', 'I If/ '/ II I i
\ln v /// h\W Km !&//'« I fi, II 'I if, 'I /I
3IIIC. SEVENTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; 4-year-olds and up; purse 1400.
Time-l-U. :06^; 6-IC. :32%; 9-18. S7; 11-16. 1:22*: mile. 1:44K; 1 1-lCm. 1:50. Good start
Wen first three driving. Winner, George Miller's b. c. by imp. Watercress-imp. Llrzle
Hampton. Hampton finished gamely. Faunette badly handled. Einstein forgot to sulk.
Bcmcbed-La Borgia 87. Wild Het 102, YuU IM, Jacl KB. Poorlandi 100. ' "
Time— 3-16. :18; 5-16, :30»i; 44?. :55%i. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Winnrr. L. A. Hlasinframe's b. g.. by Cicero-Leap Year. Grafter away well, showing plenty
of Bameness at the close. Articulate will do soon. Archibald no speed. 'Coupled with
Immod'-11. Pcratrh<^3— Forbe« 107.
lead old Captive moved alone, beating Op
ponent, the post favorite, with ease. •
St. Casimir, a 1 to 2 chance, made no
bones over tucklnj? away his field in the
five furlong sprint, with the scale of
weights raised fifteen pounds. Miss Row
ena put up a forcible argument, eventual
ly losing the place by a head to Dr. Shep
pard.
Extensively bet on at even money, the
sixth chapter proved a pick-up for Decoy.
March Seven finished ahead of Expedient
for the place, the latter not running on
schedule time this trip.
Einstein, post choice for the final piece,
arrived at the wire a neck behind Sir
Hampton, an 88-pounder, ridden by Logue.
Track Notes.
Entries for Saturday s running: events
close at Oakland track to-morrow at 11
o'clock a. m. ,
Handicapper Brooks yesterday an
nounced the weights for the $500 free han
dicap to be decided at Oakland on Satur
day, at one mile and a sixteenth, which
are as follows:
Dr. Sheppard 117 Jennie Reid 100
Arbaces 110 Pat Morrlssey 98
The Fretter 108 Dogtown 98
Scotch Plaid IUB Storm King 98
Rio Chico 97|Uarda 100
Tappan lOliNorford 92
Roßormonde 108 'Flamora 95
Castake 95 Alleviate 3S
Lothian 102; Gauntlet 93
Horton 105iOlen Ann 96
Roslnante 10$ ' Mortgage 99
Ollnthus 103 Lost Girl 93
May W lll'Florablrd SS
Formero 108 Donator 93
Sliver Tone 101 Limerick 95
Perseus 104 Princess Zelka SO
Captive 106|My Gypsy So
Morlnel 10< I Constellator 83
Opponent 101 Maydleu 85
Plan 98 Isallne 80
Wyoming lt'2 La Goleta 112
Weight must be accepted by 11 a, m. Friday,
'April 20, or you will be left out. No penalty
for winning after weights are posted.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— One mile; four-year-olda and up
ward; selling.-
1078 Royal Prize.... 102 1109 Romany 9S
996 San Augustine. 9S 1103 Mike Rice ....102
1101 Col. Root 102 1105 Gold Baron .... 98
1U55 Gtengaber 101 1097 Stuttgart !'S
1113 New Moon 100| 1096 Alarla f's
1079 Ramlet CXi 1116 Magnus 102
Zarro 107 1076 Wild Het 105
1070 Jockey Bill 102
Second race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling.
10S6 Phil Branson.. .loo l 1095 Diderot 110
1099 Scotch 8e11e.. ..100 1099 Floranthe 102
971 El Piloto 113'(10S0)Homage JlO
1080 Toah IUOI (10S6)Gaylon Brown.lo2
(1099) Irate 1051
Third race — One mile; handicap.
1094 The Fretter ...ll(i 1100 Rosormonde ....103
1103 Catastrophe ...10:! 1112 Morlnel 106
(llOl)Chtmura 10V 1100 Constellator ...96
Fourth face — One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
1097 Terrene 361 1113 Duke of TorklllO!
1109 Twinkle Twlnk.lol 1097 Melkarth K2
1103 Dontator 106 1083 Tom Calvert...lO2
1078 Torslna 10S 1116 Inverary II ...10S
109* Poorlandb 102 99S Whaleback 100
1022 Twlnkler 10* 1084 De Blaise 1(9
1083 Sardonic 1021 1087 Lou Rey 107
1109 Hohenlohe 1051 1109 Henry C 103
Fifth race— Five and a half furlongs: three
year-olds and upward; purse.
1026 Sister Marie .. 94!(1108)Sardlne 99
1102 Sly 109 (1102) True Blue 118
Sixth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1108 Imp. Mistral. ..los 1116 Rapldo 102
BS2 Bishop Reed.... 105 1090 Lodestar 107
998 Senora Caesar..lol 1076 Dolore 100
1102 Sugden 103 1090 Montanus 106
1090 Storm King ..105 1116 Rosalbra 105
1113 Cromwell 110 1105 Don Luis ......IC2
(1003) Rey Hooker ..106 107S Dogtown 105
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Alarla, Royal Prize, Romany.
Second race— Diderot, Homage, Irate.
Third race— Rosormonde, Constellator, Catas
trophe.
Fourth race— Sardonic, Twlnkler, Torslna.
Fifth race— Sardine, True Blue, Sly. .
Sixth race— Mistral, Sugden, Lodestar.
Good=Looking
Eye=Glasses
That stay on without discomfort. Cost the sam*
as others that pinch. Ask your friend* who
wear o'irs.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala IX
OWKIANS^>£™*
642 Market St., instruments
DR.MALL'S fiEIN VIGOR ATORjgjgg^
Fivd husdre.l reward for any s^gjj2j\^S
case w« cannot cur*. This secret sf 1
remedy stops all loose* in 24 •'< mw ji
bour.% curt* Emissions. Impo- ;*75 t*.«<.
tency, Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. fjVpi Tiiu
Cle*t. Fits. Strictures. Lost t ij£M **<&
Manhood and all wasting effects j?-*J_s*i\;
lit self-abuse or excesses. Seat
sealed. « bottle; t bottle*. V>: gaaraateed U»
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN.
6TITUTE. 156 Broa<Way. Oakland. Cat Also
jcr *al* at 1073H Market st.. S. F. All print*
Ciaeaae* quickly cured. Bead for free book.
~ j. ANHEUSER-BUSCtfS
is recommended
•^*^^^L.^ because its super-
4ll^^^^\ ior tonic qualities
(2'^pf^r^-' are thoroughly
established by the medical fraternity
and all users universally. It gives
appetite, health, vigor— is welcomed
by the new mother, the aged, the
weak, the convalescent. Prepared by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelpb, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Black and Tan, Export Pale, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLJLM AJS'N. Nap* Soda Springs P. a
GLENVVGOD HOTEL,
Among the redwoods, Santa Cruz Mountains} 5
minutes' walk from depot: cream, fruit, poul-
try: chalybeate springs, swimming tank, amuse-
ment hal]; acetylene gas. Round trip. J2 50: ts
to $10 per week; free carriage. WM. MARTIN.
Glenwood. Cal.
ROWARneNNAIV.
11. Francis Anderson,"*resident; William H.
Lamb. Vice President and Manager; J. Dal-
cell Brown, Treasurer.
Situated In the Santa Crux Mountains, on
San Lorenzo River, 3V» hours from S. F., 10
miles from Panta Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electric lights: tennis, bowling, boating,
bathing and fishing: golf links: elegant hall
and clubrooms; good music and billiards; all
rooms hard finished and elegantly furnished.
Round trip, $3. Telephone in hotel. Address
B. Dickinson, secretary and lessee, Ben Lo-
mond. Opens May l.'th.
OPENS MAY Ist. Round Trip. S3 7J. Send for
circulars. FREESE & JUERGENSEN,
Proprietors. City office, 913 Larkln street.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK. Wednesday. _Aj>ril p. l^-—^Path^er flne^.JTjrackfas^
FLAMORA BREAKS
AN ANKLE BONE
Flamora, the clever and consistent
three-year-old rilly owned by Ed Purser,
met with an accident at Tanforan Park
yesterday that will probably cyat short
her racing career. A well-backed starter
In the mile purse run, she was galloping
along in fourth position, when suddenly
Mounce began pulling her up less than
three furlongs from the stand. An exam
ination showed that a small bone In the
right hind ankle had been struck and
broken, and the daughter of Flambeau
hobbled back to her stable on three legs.
Mortgage turned up winner of the race,
making it three straight, by downing La
Goleta in a walk.
Seven events were down for decision, of
which number favorites captured four.
Jockey Buchanan sent his stock booming
by piloting four of the successful horses
over the plate In front. This ¦ youngster
Is Barney Schrelber's latest find.
Backed from 2 to 8 to 5 favorlt
itism. Grafter defeated a big bunsh
of two-year-olds In the opening
scramble, leading throughout. In a
hard drive El Karn led tho 50 to 1 shot
Briton over the line two lengths for the
place. Phil Archibald, a warm tip, made
no showing whatever.
Corrigan's Afghan showed marked Im
provement over his previous race, beating
a field of fast ones in the event following
at odds of 7 to 1. After Theory, the 9 to 10
choice, had chased Amasa, the pacemaker,
until leg weary Buchanan, astride Af
ghan, slipped through next the rail, down
ing the favorite a neck.
In the betting on the mile and a.six
teenth selling affair Captive, almost over
looked and going to 6 to 1 in the ring,
won hands down. After Gauntlet and
Montallade had died away out in the
HIGHLAND SPRINCS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Mgrs.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys, Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates, »10. $12 and *H per week.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing in Ballroom every evening; George
W. Watson. Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery street.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oakland;
AHRENfi. PEIN & BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
street, San Francisco.
SODTHWICK'S
EUREKA
OR
WATERJELLY!
Sure cure for porous or punctured tires. War-
ranted to be superior in every way to anythfng
ever invented.
EUREKA Is in use in nearly every shop in
Southern California and In all up-to-date shops
.In San Francisco and within 60 miles of San
Francisco. Try EUREKA and you will never
be without It. It fills the bill.
For sale by all up-to-date dealers in large
and small cans. Cheapest and best.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1900.
THE MILLS OF THE GODS GRIND— 10.000 YELLOW CITIZENS IN 34 MONTHS.
111 U. FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs; m'den 2-year-old colts, geldings; purse-, $400.
1111. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time — U. :24: H. :48; %. 1:13 V Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, E. Corrlgan's
eh. g.. by Imp. Inverness-Afnnlty. Afghan showed marked Improvement over his last effort.
Theory chased Amaea and wilted at the finish. Ross on Jennie Reid struck by a flying clod.
Soratched-Jingle^ Jingle IPL Uterp 101.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gla. Dyspepila and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated
Batha refitted and Improved. MagniHcent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. IIJ to Jl4 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. 8. F.. <» a.
m and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gllroy
for springa. For llln.«tr)it»d r>r»mphl»ts address
lor sprinss r ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
1112. THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400
Time— %. XH: hi. :50: \. 1:14%; mile. l:41*-4. Good start. Won easily, second and third
driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouee's b. f., by Montana-Lottery. La Goleta ran well
for half the route, when lack of condition told. Roeinante not right. Flamora broke a small
bone In her nigh hind I^g.
1113. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; 3-year-olds and up: purse, $400.
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Writ- for
circular to H. WAMEOLD.
Lanrel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And . . .
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located in the midst of grand and impresslv*
mountain scenery ¦wMth Mt. Shasta
and the Crags for a
background.
FIXE HUNTING AND FISHINO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip, including
sleeper both ways, 1K14.00.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLET. Manaser,
Care Pacific Improvement Company,
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
Paso Robles
Hot Springs.
OTTO E. NEVER, PROPRIETOR.
MOST NOTED MINERAL
SPRINCS IN AMERICA.
Famous Fand. Mud. Sulphur and Sod*
Baths. Curative powers unexcelled. Not
alone for invalids, but a place of rest and
pleasure for the sick and well. Elegant hotel
accommodations. " Rates. including board,
lodging. u?e of batha and advice of resident
physician, (10 to $21.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKET 9.
, FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
No. !Urt Market Street. San Francisco.
Tel. Red 13Zi.
PAR4ISO HOT SPRINGS, CarU A b^ r ° ; f ca .
Monterey County. Cal. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot b* equaled: up-to-d.it->
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: het soda, sulphur and electria
bath:,: twlmmlng taak 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all gradu.ite*. Hunting and fishing; ehll-
<Jren'j playground. cro«iuet. lawn tennis and
dance hail: large hotel and SO cottages, afford-
ing ¦pvctal accommodations f.ir families: ail
Illuminate! by gas. Tiy train. Third ami Town-
«*nd streets. San Francisco, » a. m. : Urst and
UroaJway. Oakland. »:19 a. m. dally for Sola-
' Cad thee by stage over beautiful level road 7
mile* to sprinrs. Rnund-triD tickets M. at S.
f of-Ve. «3 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce For Illustrated ramphlefJ and fur-
ther information address K. U PEP.RAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three mil^s from Ukiah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place In th«? world of th!." cla^3 of waters
having continuous How of mitunl warm wat?r
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovsly
grounds: flching ami hunting: crystal spring;
accommodations ar.d table first class. Osens
April 15th.
J. A REPEMEYER & CO.. Proprietors.
I_ : ¦
CWAPr*C HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
O rV /-* VI \1 "O County; only 4>4 hours
frcm San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging; waters nctisl for medicinal virtues;
best natumi bath in State: granrl mountain
scenery: quod trout streams at door; teleohnne,
telegraph: dully mall and express; FIRST-
CLAPS HOTEL AND STAGK SERVICE:
morning anil afterftcon stages: ro^nd trip from
San Frtnclsco- only $5 Ett. Take Tihuron ferry
at 7:30 a. m. nr 2:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
112 a week. References— Any ruest of the past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULOREW, Proprietor.
n r p b e - TOCALOMA, "JS 21
BEUTRAND HOTEL— Flrst-cUss accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; fishing: beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BEIiT-
RAND or Pohra shoe stow, $21 Kearny St.. 3.
F.. every Friday from 2 to 5 o* clack.
THE GEYSERS, £—?
ONE OF NATURE" S "WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. Write Tor pamphlet. JL
WF.RTHEIMER. Manager.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, five
miles from Santa Cruz: delightful summer
home in redwoods; running water: abundance
fruit: good table; terms $3 50 week. Addrus*
W. CKANDELL, Santa Crux. Cal
Time— l-16. :07; 6-16. :32«i; 9-16. :57H; U-16. I:2JH: mile. 1:42^; l 1-I6m. 1:49. Good start.
Won easily, second ar.d third driving. Winner. P. Hlldreth's eh. h.. by Btrathmore-Black
Maria. Away very poorly. Captive merely waded through his company. Gauntlet quit: he
is not Fart.alt o weight. Montallade also passed it up. Scratched— Castake 107, Lady
Meddlesome 102.
1114. FIFTH nACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— H. :12V.: H. :»: H. 1:00 V Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Easy
for_the_ yinner^ _Ml>s_ Itnwepa lost the place on the la*t jump. Scratched — Bagdad 121.
1115. gIXTU RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse. J4OO.
Time— >4. :W; H. :Sl%: *. 1-I'H; mile. 1:44. Good etart. Won ridden out. second and third
driving. Winner. George MUier'i b. c. by Imp. Decelver-Nantucket. Only a gallop for
Decoy. Others no account.
CARLSBAD ENE N R G A s L
Most beautiful spot in Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W. R. M'COVERN, Kelseyvllle. Lake Co.
BDBBBBfIaBBHBBEBEIiaBaSQQBBHEWnBanaHBH^
I CALLED BACK! JfeHl
|To Health, Vigor and Happiness \^yß Hip
| DR. McLAUGHLIN'S°IIEGTRIC METHOD.
g ' A WOMAN'S PAINS. ' ' A STRIKING RECOVERY. / llllil H
H MRS. SAML. BRECK of 200* Summit st.. n TOMALKS Marln Co.. Cal A pi. 8. 1900. .1 y Jfflpsi B
H Oakland writes: I have not been In such "fSm tth Voubfe^nd k Jib. H
0 pood health and no free from pain for the last rheumatism. I was subjected to drug treat- I «-^ _^^@gg^ HH|
gjj eUht years as I have since using your Klectrlc mem. stomach pump treatment and diet treat- \\ H
CT Belt Treatment. lam so thankful not to be ment without the least relief. I grew dl»- V r*o3&9s&s&EL**B B
n taking medicine every few days. tod i and , M * M'ii^^Jw^'S.v'^n? "md iS P« I *-^^s*lr?SlS ?
¦* ,„,(, cumi cx.-pv „, c, „.,„„„ n , thrfe days I oould fling away my cane and In \1 > , ' 7 'T^yHifv/iff
a MRS. SARAH STOH\ of St. Helena, Cal.. thrc , e mo » nths was a new man. entirely cured. \\. .)i J < < t^/£P> Vtf
J= states as follows: sour Uelt has done me more anJ feel better than for years. Several of my \l\\l I / S^RGxSnKy \g& M
" good In the f<>w weeks I havp uped It than two friends have slnc<? purchased your Belts. I t\\\| '/VX^?£^»?WVsA«3M ra
¦a years" treatment with doctors and medicines, would not rart with mine for JlOOO if I could v " A ><^v^KSrJTV ASJ^faSrS »
B and lam highly pleased and satisfied. not get another. JOHN P. GUAY. * K^fr?^^^V?>^*^ '
| Such Recoveries as These Show the Wonderful Curative Power of my x^^^\^/^^S I
I DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. ;^l^|
B This circulates the blood and restores lost vitality. Woman is prone to pain and / \
D weakness, and' nearly every man is a victim of some ailment. The responsibilities of mBPSi \ !3s2jj§e? H
B life carry with them mind tension and bodily fatigue, which wear down the: strength . J
U and encourage disease. For your Pain in the Back, your Rheumatism, Kidney Trou- S
I ble or . Nerve Weakness ; I offer you the grandest remedy in the world. My Electric Belt is better than j»
qj the surgeon's knife or drugs. It feeds your nerves and gives" you restful sleep. You then enjoy life and have H
B fewer wrinkles of care. I've cured thousands of cases similar to yours. Call and see me, or write for my interest- B
;H- ing book— free. -.f/.v.-; /t „; <; - B
B HD TVf A IW^T A TT/ITJT TTWT 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, n
H UK 111. A. Iflnl jAIIItH I A IM San Francisco, and Cor. Spring »
g JLfAl* A!X« rX« ITXUAJ^-lIJ V-11l AJlll • and Second Streets. Los Angeles. |
B NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. B
liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiS
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, vnder new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting
boating and bathing.. For further particulars
address O. WEISMAN. 41 Third St.. S. F., Cal
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H
3rs«.
We
eieht.St.
X H
%_
Str.
Fin.
I
I Betting,
i Jockey. |Op. Cl.
er
in.
n
v!
lit
on
I
Mli
¦ A>
ta]
A!
w
I.l
r
irn
late'".*
ale
i
Lyons..
I*ll ....
iceres .
1
.rchlbal
• Me...
>ng
107| 4
.104{ 6
....1071 S
....US 2
....115 $
...lOT S
....io:;n
....114 12
mi 9
....io:;io
....u«| 7
....ll f >| 1
111 13
::: :::
12
3 3
2 2
54
4 1
6 2
» 1
13
122
11 1
8 1
74
10 H
12
2 2
33
4 n
5 4
C 3
7 1
8 1
9 V 4
10 4
11 1
12 2
I. Powell | 2 S-5
Mounce 5 8
Glover 20 CO
H. Shields 4 12
Ames 5 S
Haeslnger 10 15
I»gue 15 V)
Helnson 15 25
J. Woods 20 tO
P. T. Coady.. • •
Macklln 6 4
E. Roj* 6 12
Alexander 50 100
[or*«
Aec '
Weight. ISt. *4
H
? %.:'¦
Sir.
Fin.
I Jockey. |»
X
|Op. CI.
>:¦:>
raj
101
an
Ml
SI
'.¦3
I Tht
I Am
E»r
Mm
Cas
Jen
I D
Bor
char
eory
iasa
pira;
¦ring
sdal.
ir.ie
Jteil
nib*
c
4
5
do. 5...
i. 5
. 4
Reid. 4.
, S
Know.
4
106| S
1101 4
106 3
ioe 6
106 1
103 2
107 7
106 9
•. a. ..106 S
101 Left ...
3 h
2 3
12 '
6 5
4 h
6 h
74
85
J
3 h
2 2
1 1
4 3
7 5
5 4
6 3
E 29
9
2 h
3 2
4 2
5 1
6 8
76
S 49
9
Hi
2 2
3 1
4 h
5 h
6 10
7 8
8 10
9
Buchanan ....
Basslnger ....
I. Powell
J. Woods
Ranch
Mounre
E. Ross
Johnson
M. Bergen
Logue
4 7
1 9-10
12 15
« 20
5 6
8 2v
8 10
6 20
100 lf>o
100 200
m
x.
> V
» I.
I H
) M
F
F
Ho
tfflti
La <
iios:
Mori
Furr
Plan
jrs*. A
¦tpape.
Gcleta,
tnar.te.
Ir.el. i
mf-ro. <
mora.J
M
t,
r.
3
3...
5..
6..
i
Wright. [St.
..:..... fti 4
107 5
107 I
WH I
108 1
S4' <
_U
25
1 h
6
3 1
4 1
& 2
_H
5 \i
3 h
6
«t Str.
12 1 4
26 2 1
43 4 2
31 3 1
5 5
Broke down
g-la/i
15
2 H
8 1
4 6
5
_j Jockey. |Op.
Ranch 7-5
Alexander .... 4
Ames 3
J. Woods 8
E. Ross 6
Mounce 3
Cl.
9-6
7-2
9-2
13
10
4
tea
m
101
I'll
m%
102
aq
•U
*7
t. Hor
Captl
Oppo;
Gaun
) Crom
Mont
I Lena,
Duke
New
r?e.
hw.
j7l«-T
it'.P
IWC
tall;
L, 6
c of
M
. Ace. Weight, jat.
•, a 110! S
nt. 6 IC7, 2
rt. « :06i S
eH, a JC7I 4
lade, a 107 7
i 107 1
f York 11. 6.104! C
loon, a 102) S
8
5 h
1 h
4 h
3 1
2 1
7 h
« h
U
6 2
S h
1 H
4 1
2 4
74
5 H
6 6
1 1
4 1
2 h
3 h
7 X
8
Str.
1 H
2 h
1 1
4 1
< 5
7?
t
Fin.
1 2
2 h
3 2
4 1
6 10
C 15
75
> » '¦¦
J Jockey. [Op.
Buchanan 4
J. Woods 3-2
Ranch 2
Fauntleroy ... 6
Johnson 12
Glover 8
I. Powell 40
Mounce 15
Cl.
S
8-5
2
9
20
12
60
20
Sex
n
45
t. H
St.
Dr.
Mit
Gol
Ior»*. A^e.
~Ca«lmir, 3.
. Sheppard,
hb Rowena, I
Id Bug. «...
ver Maid, a
"c
s.
i
J....1
i
i
i
Jlt.iSt;
,m| a
;3 ¦ &
184 S
13« 1
134 4
%
H
i 1
3 1
l h
4 I
%_
1 1
3 2
25
* 5
4 4
Str.
1 2
3 5
2 2
I
4 2
Fin.
12
2 h
3 19
4 2
&
I Jockey.
Buchanan
Mr. UurnelL..
H. Shields
O'Brien
Cannell
IQp.
. 4-6
4
. 6-2
. CO
. 100
Cl.
1-2
5
4
100
300
ndex.
Horse.
Weirht.lEt.
X
H
%
Str.
Fin.
| Jockey. IQp. Cl.
964
IO9S
lOCS
IOSS
ICC7
1083
1088
Dccc
Mar
Ex pi
Fill*
Forr
Jcll>
Bwlf
oy
rch Seven.
itfiient
c dOr ....
matus ....
y Briton.,
ftwater ..
ii7i a
104 I
114 2
102 5
104 4
........107 1
112 7
1 4
fi h
?*
2 1
6 S
4 1
12
4 1
5 1
7
31
64
1 2
3 4
5 4
6 1
4 1
7
22
1 4
2 1
* H
6 1
3 1
7
64
1 2
2 2
3 2
4 1
5 1
62
7
Buchanan .... .1 1
O'Brien 10 20
Mackltn ...... 4 6-2
M ounce 8 12
Ranch 3 7-2
Ames 15 30
I^ogue 10 25
Index. Horw, Age. Weight. IBt. U
11771 Sir Hampton. 3 8S B 4 1
IJOJ Klneteln. S 104 1 2 h
]!•;¦: RonUbra. < 107 3 12
lio« Kapldo. a ...104 9 ¦ 7 H ¦
£.72 Faunette. « IC2'IO 8 1
1017 Inverary 11. 5 101 4 10
IOiO Stromo, 4 100 « 5 1
IC/M Facade. 4 103, 2 9 8
11C3 Tekla. 3 91 8 3 1
1037 Ponro. D 110 7 «1
C7O Magnus, t XO4 Left .._.
%
2 5
3 2
l H
6 h
8 4
• 10
4 1
7 3
10
%.
1 1
<3 H
2 2
4 2
6 h
I 2*
9 10
10
Str. Fin. | Jockey. IOP-_gl
In Logue .3 ~i
2 h Baeslnger .... 5 7.;
3 h Glover 10 6<
4 5 H. Stuart ( |
B\4 Alexander .... ¦ 3 J
fi 1 Helns»n S 2(
7 4 Fauntleroy ... < : 9.;
8 2 Buchanan .... ( 11
»15 Ranch ........ 3 1
10 Golden ........ 10 2!
Ames ......... 16- U
Index. Horw, Age. Weight. IBt. U
11771 Sir Hampton. 3 8S B 4 1
IJOJ Klneteln. S 104 1 2 h
]!•;¦: RonUbra. < 107 3 12
lio« Kapldo. a ...104 9 ¦ 7 H ¦
£.72 Faunette. « IC2'IO 8 1
1017 Inverary 11. 5 101 4 10
IOiO Stromo, 4 100 « 5 1
IC/M Facade. 4 103, 2 9 8
11C3 Tekla. 3 91 8 3 1
1037 Ponro. D 110 7 «1
C7O Magnus, t XO4 Left .._.
%
2 5
3 2
l H
6 h
8 4
• 10
4 1
7 3
10
%.
1 1
<3 H
2 2
4 2
6 h
I 2*
9 10
10
Str. Fin. | Jockey. IOP-_gl
In Logue .3 ~i
2 h Baeslnger .... 5 7.;
3 h Glover 10 6<
4 5 H. Stuart ( |
B\4 Alexander .... ¦ 3 J
fi 1 Helns»n S 2(
7 4 Fauntleroy ... < : 9.;
8 2 Buchanan .... ( 11
»15 Ranch ........ 3 1
10 Golden ........ 10 2!
Ames ......... 16- U
H
3rs«.
We
eieht.St.
X H
%_
Str.
Fin.
I
I Betting,
i Jockey. |Op. Cl.
er
in.
n
v!
lit
on
I
Mli
¦ A>
ta]
A!
w
I.l
r
irn
late'".*
ale
i
Lyons..
I*ll ....
iceres .
1
.rchlbal
• Me...
>ng
107| 4
.104{ 6
....1071 S
....US 2
....115 $
...lOT S
....io:;n
....114 12
mi 9
....io:;io
....u«| 7
....ll f >| 1
111 13
::: :::
12
3 3
2 2
54
4 1
6 2
» 1
13
122
11 1
8 1
74
10 H
12
2 2
33
4 n
5 4
C 3
7 1
8 1
9 V 4
10 4
11 1
12 2
I. Powell | 2 S-5
Mounce 5 8
Glover 20 CO
H. Shields 4 12
Ames 5 S
Haeslnger 10 15
I»gue 15 V)
Helnson 15 25
J. Woods 20 tO
P. T. Coady.. • •
Macklln 6 4
E. Roj* 6 12
Alexander 50 100
[or*«
Aec '
Weight. ISt. *4
H
? %.:'¦
Sir.
Fin.
I Jockey. |»
X
|Op. CI.
>:¦:>
raj
101
an
Ml
SI
'.¦3
I Tht
I Am
E»r
Mm
Cas
Jen
I D
Bor
char
eory
iasa
pira;
¦ring
sdal.
ir.ie
Jteil
nib*
c
4
5
do. 5...
i. 5
. 4
Reid. 4.
, S
Know.
4
106| S
1101 4
106 3
ioe 6
106 1
103 2
107 7
106 9
•. a. ..106 S
101 Left ...
3 h
2 3
12 '
6 5
4 h
6 h
74
85
J
3 h
2 2
1 1
4 3
7 5
5 4
6 3
E 29
9
2 h
3 2
4 2
5 1
6 8
76
S 49
9
Hi
2 2
3 1
4 h
5 h
6 10
7 8
8 10
9
Buchanan ....
Basslnger ....
I. Powell
J. Woods
Ranch
Mounre
E. Ross
Johnson
M. Bergen
Logue
4 7
1 9-10
12 15
« 20
5 6
8 2v
8 10
6 20
100 lf>o
100 200
m
x.
> V
» I.
I H
) M
F
F
Ho
tfflti
La <
iios:
Mori
Furr
Plan
jrs*. A
¦tpape.
Gcleta,
tnar.te.
Ir.el. i
mf-ro. <
mora.J
M
t,
r.
3
3...
5..
6..
i
Wright. [St.
..:..... fti 4
107 5
107 I
WH I
108 1
S4' <
_U
25
1 h
6
3 1
4 1
& 2
_H
5 \i
3 h
6
«t Str.
12 1 4
26 2 1
43 4 2
31 3 1
5 5
Broke down
g-la/i
15
2 H
8 1
4 6
5
_j Jockey. |Op.
Ranch 7-5
Alexander .... 4
Ames 3
J. Woods 8
E. Ross 6
Mounce 3
Cl.
9-6
7-2
9-2
13
10
4
tea
m
101
I'll
m%
102
aq
•U
*7
t. Hor
Captl
Oppo;
Gaun
) Crom
Mont
I Lena,
Duke
New
r?e.
hw.
j7l«-T
it'.P
IWC
tall;
L, 6
c of
M
. Ace. Weight, jat.
•, a 110! S
nt. 6 IC7, 2
rt. « :06i S
eH, a JC7I 4
lade, a 107 7
i 107 1
f York 11. 6.104! C
loon, a 102) S
8
5 h
1 h
4 h
3 1
2 1
7 h
« h
U
6 2
S h
1 H
4 1
2 4
74
5 H
6 6
1 1
4 1
2 h
3 h
7 X
8
Str.
1 H
2 h
1 1
4 1
< 5
7?
t
Fin.
1 2
2 h
3 2
4 1
6 10
C 15
75
> » '¦¦
J Jockey. [Op.
Buchanan 4
J. Woods 3-2
Ranch 2
Fauntleroy ... 6
Johnson 12
Glover 8
I. Powell 40
Mounce 15
Cl.
S
8-5
2
9
20
12
60
20
Sex
n
45
t. H
St.
Dr.
Mit
Gol
Ior»*. A^e.
~Ca«lmir, 3.
. Sheppard,
hb Rowena, I
Id Bug. «...
ver Maid, a
"c
s.
i
J....1
i
i
i
Jlt.iSt;
,m| a
;3 ¦ &
184 S
13« 1
134 4
%
H
i 1
3 1
l h
4 I
%_
1 1
3 2
25
* 5
4 4
Str.
1 2
3 5
2 2
I
4 2
Fin.
12
2 h
3 19
4 2
&
I Jockey.
Buchanan
Mr. UurnelL..
H. Shields
O'Brien
Cannell
IQp.
. 4-6
4
. 6-2
. CO
. 100
Cl.
1-2
5
4
100
300
ndex.
Horse.
Weirht.lEt.
X
H
%
Str.
Fin.
| Jockey. IQp. Cl.
964
IO9S
lOCS
IOSS
ICC7
1083
1088
Dccc
Mar
Ex pi
Fill*
Forr
Jcll>
Bwlf
oy
rch Seven.
itfiient
c dOr ....
matus ....
y Briton.,
ftwater ..
ii7i a
104 I
114 2
102 5
104 4
........107 1
112 7
1 4
fi h
?*
2 1
6 S
4 1
12
4 1
5 1
7
31
64
1 2
3 4
5 4
6 1
4 1
7
22
1 4
2 1
* H
6 1
3 1
7
64
1 2
2 2
3 2
4 1
5 1
62
7
Buchanan .... .1 1
O'Brien 10 20
Mackltn ...... 4 6-2
M ounce 8 12
Ranch 3 7-2
Ames 15 30
I^ogue 10 25Knights of Tara Picnic.
The Irish Nationalists, under the aus
pices of the Knights of Tara. • will hold
their annual reunion and ; picnic' on Sun
day next at Sunset Park, in the Santa
Cruz Mountains.
Strangling in a Cell.
Magpie Brandt, a common drunkard
sentenc»d Tuesday to three months in jail
by Judge Mogan, attempted to strangle
herself in her cell In the City Prison yes
terday morning. She had tied a handker
chief tightly around her neck and was
slowly strangling to death when Turnkey
Hickey noticed her and quickly loos
ened the handkerchief. Sergeant Bldwlll.
in charge of the prison, sent her to the
Receiving Hospital, where she soon re
covered consciousness and was pro
nounced out of danger.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
! CALIFORNIA BkTHWBSTERNTYTca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX IUFAtL.
WEtK LAYS- 7:30. 9:uO. 11 :w a. m. ; i::35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 r>. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at l:i*>
and 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— B :CO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
• 6:00. 6:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FHANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43,
3:40. 5:13 r- m. Saturdays — Extra tries at
1:35 and 6:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. &:40. 11:10 a. m.l 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 v. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
nme schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1300.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days, f * Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 »m| Novato. 10:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. S :C3 pmi 10:25 am
5:1) pm 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:3.) pm! 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm S:CO am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:13 ami I Hopland I '10:25 am
3:30 pmi 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:33 pm! 6:20 pm
7:30 ami I 10:25 am
)S:ooam Guernevllle. 7:15 pm
1:30 rm[ I 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 ami S:4O am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pmi Glen Ellen. «:05 pmi 6:20 pm
7:30 am! S:00 am! 110:40 am! 10:23 am
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm| Sebastcpol. i 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Ro»a for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Sprints: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Holland for Duncan
Sprlnjrs. Highland Pprlntrs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnsts. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a. BucknelTs.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Git's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Willits, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trlD tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 650 Market »t.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Asrent.
RfIUFORNiA Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
Tbls Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Coxnectixo Thai:? Leaves Sax Fjsascisco: ]
i P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n . in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
fyddfcc P- m- with Palace antl Tourist
r»A ii v cars f or Kansas City, St. Lotus,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains Vtween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare r><-\ ar>
and Bakersfield. KUAU i
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
'FDISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
TKIdIU SUUr-l 153,. Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
S. rr.jGibbon's Dispensary, !
» {J2«"5 HK.IR.V\ S*T. Established ';
A in 1 15 1 tor the treatmenttf Private
¦f Dlaeuaes, Lost Jlan hood. Debility or
Z\ disease rearing on bodyand miml'aml
HStctn Diaeasea.'rhedoctorcureswben ¦
MotbersfalL Try him. Ch>ir?e« low I
M«urf»crnarnnl«"d. Callorwrita. j
Ar. a. * . UIBBQS, Box 1937. Saa i't aacUca '
STARVING ISRAELITES
ARE TO BE RELIEVED
A large mass-meeting of Israelites was
held at the Mission-street Synagogue re
cently to take steps for raising a fund 1 for
the purpose of sending monetary assist
ance to Bessarabia, a large province In
Russia, where thousands of Jewish fam
ilies are starving. Addresses were made
by Rabbis Herman. Voorsanger and ,My
,f;rs, and the audience liberally responded
by subscribing $150. An executive commit
tee was appointed to carry on the work.
Rev. Isidore Myers, rabbi of the Ohabai
Shalome Congregation, was selected Its
chairman. P. X. Lillenthai of the Anglo-
Callfornian Bank has consented to act as
treasurer of the fund. The following
cablegram ' was received by ' the Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger from Michael Margulls. the
chairman of the relief committee In Odes
sa: "Starvation dreadful. Necessary'
quickly help." Another mass-meeting
will be held next Sunday evening.
GRAND LODGE ELECTS
OFFICERS AND ADJOURNS
Per Capita Tax of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor Is Reduced
by One-Third.
The Grand Lodge, Knights and Ladles
of Honor, yesterday elected the following
officers to serve for the ensuing term:
Zarh T. Whltten of San Francisco, grand pro
tector, re-el ect<-d ; 11. A. Anderson of Sacra
mento, vie* protector, re-elected; H. W. Quit
row of San Kranclsco, grand secretary, re
elected; Mir. E. K. Hall of Healdeburg. {rraxul
chaplain; A. Gompertz of San Francisco, grand
tr^ararer; Frances G. Williams of San Fran
cisco, grand iruard; EUcn Fitzgerald of San
Francisco, grand Ruarrtlan; Km ma Plesse of
Han Francisco, grand sentinel; Mrs. Marlon G.
Perry of Vallejo. C. E. Hill of San Francisco
and Mr*. V. Weber of Oakland, grand trustees.
The per capita tax was reduced from
$1 50 to $1.
The sum of $200 for the year was al
lowed the grand protector for contingent
expenses.
At the afternoon session the new offi
cers were installed by Past Grand Pro
tector H. K. Cummirgs and the Grand
Lodge adjourned.
In recognition of his services during the
past year the Grand Lodge presented the
grand protector a gold watch.
Morp&me or Death.
The crowd that quickly gathered in
front of Victoria Hotel in Clark street
could see the slight, girlish figure as it
clung to the slender railing of the fire
escape above the eighth story window:
&nd their faces blanched as the wind
swayed her to and fro, till at times it
looked «? though she would-be dashed
to the pavement below. "I will not
come back." she cried, "till you prom-
i>e me 1 may have morphine."
i* 2 - . the oId ' old stor - v of
and headache and morphine; then
more morphine, till the young woman
had become a slave to the habit. Her
nervous v-tem was undermined and
had courted death rather than submit to
medical treatment and be deprived of
t fl#* fl fll T
.7- -ore than a dozen years mv
witc had suffered from female troubles
and nervous disorders. She would ex-
perience the most severe headaches, and
B v.'r.-d |, c impossible for her to rest
r Mtc;> without the aid of morphine or
opmrrrin some form. She doctored
!th the leading physicians at home and
: . a Indianapolis, but they did not
help Ju-r. Finally she commenced
• - r Jr. Miles Nervine and in a short
time «s able to sleep without the dm
of those horrible drugs. Her health
rapuliy improved, and now she does not
need to take any medicine
D ., ; vv T rS v si- n ,.-
Ur. .Miles Nervine is sold at all drusr-
psts on a positive guarantee. Write for
II r r CC i a ,T C :i:id ] >°°Wet to Dr. Miles
Medical Co.. Elkhart.-Ind
ADVERTISEMENTS.
City's Water Supply.
A communication was yesterday filed
with the Board of Supervisors by S. A.
Kusel, in which he offers a number of
suggestions regarding the purchase of a
water supply for the city. He opposes
the acquisition of the Spring Valley sys
tem on account of the Insufficiency of the
supply for the increase in population and
other reasons. He favors the purchase
of water from Lake Tahoe, but says It
should not be conveyed part of the way in
the beds of creeks but it would be cheaper
to convey it in pipes the entire distance.
YOUNG LADIES' SODALITY
IN A FINE PROGRAMME
Society Connected With St. Patrick's
Parish Give an Interesting
Entertainment.
A musical and literary entertainment
was given Tuesday night by the Young
Ladies' Sodality of St. Patrick's parish in
Odd Fellows' Hall. The programme was
thoroughly enjoyed by a large audience
and was as follows:
Quartet. "Beauty's Eyps" (Tostl). Knicker
bocker quartet <H. W. Williams. tir*t tenor;
C. M. Elliot, second tenor: U li. Crane, first
bass- L. A. Larsen. second bass): barytone
solo "Noel" (Adam), Robert Lloyd: guitar and
mandolin duet. "Serenade" ; (Metre). Misses
Annetta and Mabel Johnoon; soprano solo. "For
All Eternity" (Mascheronl), Miss Etta Welch:
tenor i>olo, "The Holy City" (Adams). Charles
Goettinir; trio, "Attilla" (Verdi). Charles Goet
tlnir M*ss Etta Welch and Robert Lloyd; con
tralto solo, "The River of Rest" (Denza). Miss
Genevieve Sullivan; reading. Thomas Hickey;
snprano solo, Mrs. McGlade; tenor solo. "The
Palms" (Faure). John O'Brien; cornet solo.
Mrs L. A. Larsen; bass solo, "The Clang of
the Forpe" (Rodney), L. A. Larsen: quartet,
"When Day Fades", (fcyens). Knickerbocker
quartet: accompanist, Miss Marie Short.
The following committee of arrange
ments had the affair in charge: Miss Mag
gie Regan, president; Miss Delia McDer
mott, secretary; Miss Mamie McDermott,
Miss Ella Cronln. Miss Nellie O*Brien.
Miss Genevieve Sullivan, Miss Nonie Sul
livan, Miss Ella Canning and Miss Mary
Nealon. - . . '
Dancing concluded the evening's enter
tainment, under the direction of the fol
lowing: Floor manager, Thomas J. Ma
roney; assistant. James A. Lamey. Floor
committee— J. Hughes, J. Griffin. T. Kus
sack, J. P. O'Brien and Arthur Sullivan.
Reception committee — C. J. Regan (chair
man). M. Kussack, J» J. O'Brien. D. A.
Barry, E. Pa mow and E. Sullivan.
NOON WEDDING
AT ST. LUKE'S
Miss Elizabeth Shreve and
Robert Hooker United
by Bishop Nichols.
Miss Bessie Shreve and Robert Hooker
were married yesterday at noon •at St.
Luke's Church. Bishop Nichols officiating.
After the ceremony, which was attended
by a large and fashionable audience, the
bridal party and invited guests repaired to
the Shreve residence. Pine street, where
a bridal breakfast was served.
The bride was attended by Miss Minnie
Houghton and Miss Anna Gray and Os
good Hooker officiated as best man. The
bride's gown was an elaborate costume of
white panne velvet trimmed with old lace.
Mr. and Mrs. Hooker will leave to-day
for a honeymoon trip, keeping their des
tination secret. On their return they will
occupy the Shreve residence on Pine
street.
Would Help the Wayward.
Mrs. Nellie Hall, who claims to be the
wife of a miner from Alaska, Is being
held by order of Judge Conlan without
bail until it can be found how far she was
willing to assist on the downward path
the two girls, Mabel Brown and Lottie
Dennison, who were sent to the Magdalen
Asylum yesterday by Judge Fritz. Mrs.
Hall was before the court for having too
good a time Tuesday night, and when she
was in court the two girls testified that
she had tried to induce, them to accom
pany her to Duluth. Minn., where, they
said, she offered to place them in a dis
reputable house. Her case will be inves
tigated further.
TRAINED ANIMALS DO
SOME GREAT STUNTS
Gentry's trained animal show has scored
a decided hit In this city. The exhibition
is probably one of the most novel and
unique ever held under canvas. The ani
mals go through acts that are more start
ling and difficult than was ever performed
by human beings. The entertainment is
a moral and refined one. The exhibition
opened on Saturday evening last and is
scheduled to run two weeks. There is
every probability that its managers will
decide to extend the engagement another
week as the business being done surpasses
their expectation.
BOXERS ARE READY
TO ENTER THE ARENA
Columbia Club Officials Preparing to
Carry Out Their Programme De
spite Police Interference.
The management of the Columbia Ath
letic Club has not receded from its deter
mination to proceed to-night with its pro
posed eeiies of three boxing bouts, al
though no rH-rrnit has been secured. The
club's attorney has informed its officials
that ur.der the law Chief of Police Sulli
van canr.ot carry out his avowed intention
of stopping the contests unless a permit
be secured.
The directors of the club agree to refund
all mosey paid for tickets if they find
themselves unable to carry out their pro
grarrirnrr through police interference. The
poolrooms are not touching any of the
boats owing to the uncertainty which
i-r-f-rns to hang over them.
All three promise weii in the matter of
herd hitting and general aggressiveness.
T he principal one w!U be between young
Peter Jackson and Paddy Purtell at 153
r><->ur,ds. Both are better fighters than
boxers ar.d should provide the kind of
bout the patrons of the ring like to wit
ness. Henry I>-wis and "Bob" Thompson
box fifteen rounds at H2 pounds. The
comedy element will be supplied by Ah
Wing, the Chinese boxer. He was matched
against Kid Dobfeonj but the frk-r.ds of the
latter frightened him out of the affair by
weird tales of the cleverness and hard'
hittir.g ability of the Celestial. Mike
A\elfh will take Dob.-on's place.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
WEST'S Minstrels, which will run
out the week at the Columbia,
have added a new feature to the
programme, called "The Altar-
Boy's Dream." It is musical in character
and the singing of "The Palms" by Mr.
Jose is an item of.it. Next Monday night
Ward and Yokes will open in "The Floor
Walkers." Popular prices prevail.
There will lie a matiree of "A Bachel
or's Romance" at the California this after
noon, and hereatter the Thursday matinee
will be a regular feature of the Neill Com
pany's engagement. On Sunday night
"Captain Letterblaise" will be presented.
"Quo Vadis" is drawing at the Alcazar,
notwithstanding it is midway of its third
week. To-night will be pastoral night at
the Alcazar, the pastors of the different
churches having been specially invited.
The play will run another week, and Bret
Harte's dramatized novel, "Sue," will fol
low.
"An Arabian Girl." which has just be
gun its run at the Grand, will be contin
ued until further notice.
It will be some time before the Tivoli
announces another change. "The Wizard
of the Nile" is up for a run.
There will be one more week of the
Hopkins Transoceanic Stars at the Or
pheum. Among the new comers are:
Digby Bell. In monologues: Mildred Stel
ler Rae and Brosche and Mile. Proto.
"The Amateurs at the Handicap" will
be the feature at the Chutes to-night.
"Cavalleria" will be replaced by "La
Favorita" on .Monday night at Fischer's
Concert House.
The third PetEchr.ikoff-Hambourg con
cert will take place at the N California
Theater to-morrow afternoon. The hour
has been changed from 2:30 to 2:15.
PETSCHNIKOFF
AND HAMBOURG
THE second Petschnikoff-Hambourg
concert drew that limited audience
|[ yesterday afternoon that turns out
regularly for all musical events. The
number of people in San Francisco that
can be depended upon to support music
is not as large as it is supposed to be, and
only some extraordinary occasion will at
tract others than the faithful few.
The public can hardly be aware of how
meritorious the diumvirate that is now
with us is, or the oatronage wouH be
more in keeping with the importance of
the event.
Mr. Petschnikoff commands the high
praise that I gave him after the flr-?t con
cert, to which I would add even more if I
had not already said that he Is a '-Treat
artist, which carries with it the fullness
of my admiration for his marvelous mu
sicianship.
I did not dismiss Hambourg In my brief
"comment on his playing, which, however
admirable In point of technique. I still
find unsatisfying. As a manipulator he Is
a miracle of skill and command, but he
lacks ideality: he is certainly not a Cho
pinist. He plays ad captandum and his
wonders of dexterity and speed stun the
senses, but In doing so he does not serve
his art. Hambourg is such a player as
pianists would rave over, but he has not
"the desire of beauty," and some of his
Interpretations are no more the esthetic
expression of music than the Provencal
servente Is an exaHed expression of
poetry.
Petschnikoff is the antithesis of Ham
bourg in this respect. He does not stand
for a false virtuosity, which alone Is suf
fkient to mark him as the greater, ihe
truer artist. PORTER GARXETT.
PLANS for another tall building to
be erected near the newspaper cor
ner have just been decided on by
the Mutual Savings Bank of this
city. The property on which the building
will be erected adjoins the gore corner of
Geary, Kearny and Market streets and
runs through from Market to Geary, with
a frontage of 53 feet on Market and 73
WHERE THE MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK WILL BE MOVED.
on Geary. The plans for the building are
by William Curlett. It will be ten stories
high, of granite and sandstone, and thor
oughly fireproof throughout. The bank
will move into the ground floor, the bank
ing office to take up the whole space.
The upper floors will be fitted with the
most modern office appliances. The build
ing will cost in the neighborhood of $300,
000.
POPULISTS WILL NOT
STAND BY W. J. BRYAN
Coxnmitteeman James B. Osborn Says
There Will Be No Mori Fusion
With the Democrats.
The silver-tongued W. J. Bryan is reck
oning without his host if he expects united
support from the People's party in his
efforts to land himself In the Presidential
chair. At least, that is what is claimed
by James B. Osborn. a member of the Na
tional Committee of the People's party
from Georgia, who is in this city confer
ring with the local leaders of the party
and arranging for its reorganization in
this State. Mr. Osborn was sent here by
the National Committee as its specially
accredited representative.
Mr. Osborn is not unknown to residents
of this State, having resided in Califor
nia some years ago. He was one of the
first organizers of the party in this State.
In discussing Populist affairs yesterday
he said:
"The party is coming out of the wilder
ness of Democracy and into the. promised
land of Populism. The Populists of the
West are now learning what the Populists
of the South have known all. the time —
that there is nothing in common between
the Democratic party and them. Popu
lism stands for the nationalization of
credit: it stands for coin redemption: it
stands for special privileges for none and
equal opportunities for all. Democracy
stands for special privileges to the gold
and silver mino-owners. Populism stands
for the nationalization of trusts as the
only remedy. Democracy stands for
boards of control.
"Fusion with the Democrats almost
Tuined our party organization in Califor
nia. We at one time polled 62.000 votes
here: now a State committee of eight is
all they can get together to act as a tail
of the Democratic kite. The fuslonists
cannot carry Nebraska any more, and the
day of fusion is past. A man can no
longer be a Populist and a Democrat at
the same time."
Mr. Osborn also expressed himself as
much gratified with the result he has
been able to accomplish here. He has in
terested all the old-time wheel horses of
the party. and says that the State con
vention May 1, at the Turk-street Tem
ple will be an eld-time Populist conven
tion. He feels certain that he has in
fused new life into the party, and the
Bryanites will have nothing left but to
join the Bryan Democracy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KRELING'S GOLD
WATCH FOUND
IN PAWNSHOP
Murder Theory Not Enter
tained by Captain Sey
mour's Detectives..
The Police Satisfied That the Old
Man Committed Suicide
or Was Accidentally
Drowned.
After a thorough investigation Captain
Seymour and his men are satisfied that
F. W; Kreling, whose body was found on
the Berkeley shore a short time ago, was
not murdered, as his relatives claimed.
Dectetive Charles Cody, who was spe
cially detailed on the case, last night sub
mitted his report, showing beyond doubt
that Krellns was not the victim of thugs.
His report concludes as follows:
"From all my investigations I could
not lind any one" who saw the old man
have a watch, as claimed, in his posses
sion prior to his body being found in the
bay. Furthermore, if there had been a
robbery his coat would not have been
found buttoned, which was the case from
the time he left the city until the body
was taken to the Morgue. His collar and
necktie were in good condition when
four.d and there were no marks on his
face or body."
Kreling for years always wore his coat
tightly buttoned, and if he had been the
victim of robbers, the police argue, they
would have unbuttoned the garment in
oraer to search his pockets.
In his report Cody further states that
in an interview with Mrs. John Kreling
she said that the last time she saw the
old man was in the Baldwin Annex. This
was March 30. They were sipping choco
late, when suddenly Kreling arose from
his chair and, looking directly at Mrs.
Kreling. remarked:
"This will be the last time that you and
I dine together."
After he had left Mrs. Kreling recalled
this peculiar remark,, and as he failed to
rtturn by dusk she Became alarmed and
notified the police. A few days later his
body was found in the bay.
Detectives Harper and Sullivan, who
have been investigating the case under
directions from captain Seymour, last
night found Krellng's gold watch in Hy
man's pawnshop at 104 Powell street. An
examination of the pawnbroker's books
showed that it had been taken in by him
on April 9. The man who disposed of the
timepiece gave his name as John J. Don
nelly. He claimed that he had been sent
to dispose of it by a friend, whose name
he reiused to divulge. After recovering
the watch the detectives took It to Mrs.
Kreling to identify it. She promptly rec
ognized the timepiece and admitted that
she had given it to a saloon-keeper to
pawn for her. She, however, declared
that it had been presented to her by
Kreling many years ago.
According to her story Kreling had sev
eral watches. She claims that Kreling
wore one of these when he left her in the
Baldwin Annex. In contradiction of her
statement the detectives have found sev
eral reputable citizens who state posi
tively that Kreling was not in the habit
of wearing a watch.
"Doc" Leahy of the Tivoli says that he
had not seen the old man with a watch
for over six years. He is also satisfied
that he did not have any property in
Brooklyn, N. Y. He declares that he
would "frequently lock himself up in his
workshop on Guerrero street and re
main there for three or four days at a
time.
Sol Kampe of the Columbian building
Informed the detectives that Kreling
never had a watch. He seemed peculiar,
and frequently spoke of his family trou
bles, which seemed to greatly worry him.
Sullivan and Harper In their report to
Captain Seymour state that they askeil
Mrs. Kreling for a description of the
watch which she claimed was worn by the
old man prior to the finding of his body in
the bay. but she was unable to give It.
She. however, referred them to Conrad
Boiler, who, she said, was presented with
a watch by Kreling similar to the one
worn by him. When seen Boiler emphat
ically declared that he had never received
a watch from Kreling.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1900.
Ladles' fine kid lace shoes for Jl 50 a pair
at the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market st. •
WEBSTER SAYS
CERTIFICATE IS
AN ILLEGAL ONE
The School Board Postpones
Action in- Case of Mrs.
Giffard.
Absence Money to Be Transferred to
Annuity Fund — Summer Vaca
tion Prom June 15 to
July 30.
— »
The disposition of the case of Mrs. E. C.
Glffard, special teacher of French, who
was granted an illegal certificate in 1802.
was :he unly matter of importance taken
up at yesterday's meeting of the Board of
Education. A rather heated discussion
followed the introduction by Superintend
ent Webster of the following resolution:
Resolved, That Mrs. E. C. c;iffard. having
faikJ v depont with the !>ui>erint*niient of
Schools a valid certificate as required it" law,
le d*<.lared no lorg»r ¦ teacher in the nepart
ment and that the position of special teacher
of French in the Mission Hlgti and Adams
Co;:tncpo!:tan Schools be declared vacant.
Superintendent Webster moved the
adoption of ttie resolution, but Director
Donman contended that the final disposi
tion of the case was in the hands or the
board. Webster argued that he alone had
the power to recommend what action
snould be taken. The .board Hnally con
curred in this view, but postponed consid
eration for one week.
A resolution was adopted providing for
the carrying out of the act creating: a pub
lic school teachers' annuity and retirement
fund by appropriating amonth'.y at least
three-fifths of all salary forfeited by
teachers on account of absence from duty.
The time for the school vacation was
fixed at from June 15 to July 30. ISuO.
The salary of Janitor Bennett of the
Mission High School was rlxed at $75 per
month.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
E. A. Cleveland. D. Lambert. C. W. Roby
and A. H. Lalande.
The following recommendations of the
board of examiners for the granting of
certificates were adopted: Life diploma of
grammar grade. Miss M. A. Watson: High
School certificates to Miss Helen Cohen.
Miss Lulu Heacock; renewal of grammar
grade certificates: Miss C. E. Dunn. Miss
Mollie E. Haussler. Miss J. B. Hinds. T.
McCarty. Miss M. P. Stangenberger. Miss
M. A. Glidden. Mrs. F. ITnna: renewal of
High School certificate: Miss F. A. Dean.
TO BUILD A HOME
ON MARKET STREET
PALO ALTO WILL
MEET BEACON IN
A MATCH COURSE
Crack Greyhounds to Settle
a Question of
Speed.
Union Coursing Park Managemer
Arranges a K"inety-Six Dog
Stake for This Week's
Card.
#
Th# manap'mer.t of Union Coursing
Park has arranged a special match be
tween Kugcne <Jcar>'s= great young grey
hound Palo Alto and Curtis & Sor/s stake
winner. Beacon, pronounced one of the
fastest dogs on the coast. The winner of
two out of three courses will carry off the
purse offered for the match. One week
from Sunday :s the date mutually agreed
\;pon.
The stake for this week was limited to
an entry of rinety-eight. The total prize
money is $SSC. of which $110 goes to the
winner. The only coursing train on Sat
urday leaves Third and Townsend streets
at 11:30. On Sunday the trains will Etart
it 11. 12 and 1 o'clock. The draw last
right resulted as follows:
<J. tV. HcSntz'B Herschel's Pride vs. Curtis &
Son's McKinley; Sterl &: Kr.owles" Rusty Gold
vs. Aeneid Kennels' Atsmfr.iioii: <J. W.
Jieintr s Coquett* vs. Gecrse WMtn*T*« Theron:
• \irtis &. Son't Cash vs. PaFha Kenneis' Itest
Assured ; R. E. cc B. Uoes'a Crawford Lad
v«. Aeneid KerjiH«' Fine Kire: T. Logans
Honor Brißht ye. Pasha Kennels" May Hemp
utad; I'asha Kennels' Royal Anne vs. Mah^r
& Reid' F Bad B- > : Aefaeld K«>:ine!s" Aeneaa
vs. 1). VTlr.iPT'e Risky Att^ir.i-t: J. L. Rofs'
J. L. R. vs. F. A. McCornb's one Si*ot: R. E.
<le B. L»->p#r'e Sara vs. J. Martinets t-lim; Gut
Alx-reromble'e Victor Kinr vs. Curtis &. Son's
Vulcan: C. \V. Banner's Wild Nora vs. R. E.
de B I»pezs W'hiteheai; Curtis & Son* Ca
\il>r vs. >"". A. McCorr.b'e Motto: J. Horn's
B-na Fide vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Sure: A. T.
I.*onard'» JJayfiower vs. N. P. Whitinp'* St.
AntiK-ny. J. U Bos*" Just T:p vs. J. P. Thrift s
l'.ruius; J. P. Thrift' s Tyrone Prince vs. i'ap
lain Csr.e's Greer.hall; Rus&ei!. Allen & Wil
*.in's Victor Boy v«. F. A. McComb's Lrlttle
lister: W. Creamer's Jesse Moore vs. E. H.
Farmer's Mncr.stor.r: Crrti? 4: Boo'a Old Glory
ye. R. E. oe B. I»Dez'e Cravrforti Re^: Gus
Abercrrmbie's Rock Island Ktr.r vs. Maher
& Reid's I>js Aneeles: t>. Winder's Random
Aim vs. E. Wash's Sacramento Boy; P. J.
EtcUly"* PlouKhtioy vs. T. J. Cronin's Thorn
hi'.l; T. J. Cronin's Rose cf Tralee vs. R. E.
de B. Lcr^i's Perlta: P. McCabe's Bcney
Boy vs. T. J. Cror.'.n's Maid of Bail:
run!s & Son's Firing Fox vs. J. M. Halton's
Lavender: A. T. Leonard's Master Lawrenre vs.
<"urt!s &: Son's I3!ackette; A. Mass»y's Hadl
•nist vs. J. H. Harrison's H«t Haste; T. Lo
psn's Mlas <»rinle vs. R. E. de B. Loper's
r>f>.iry Maid: J. rarroilV Red Hind vs. J. Sheri
dan's Forest Kinc: M. Dunlea's Erin vs. J.
liurSey's Fhy].->ck Boy: J. Carroll's Bluestone
ra, P. n*.:!lys Lady Grannard: R. U Taylors
Besmty Spot vs. J. Carroll's Auckland: Pasha
Krantlf' Round About vs. Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Chicago Boy; Aeneid Kennels' MaM
if Krln vs. Curtl* & Son's Narcissus: Pa^ha
Kennels' Rude Awaker.ir.fr vs. J. Hurley's Hur
ricane; E. a: R. Sr-ott's Lcrd Byron vs. J. Sher
;-.ar.'s F-rest Q-jeen; J. Hurley's O X Capitoi
rs. Curtis & Son's Lux°r; '"attain Cane's Mira
:.!• r.te vs. G. Sharrr.an's "Walt a Bit; F. C.
alack** Hells M vs. P. J. Rell'jr's Warship: P.
J. Bdliya Willful Widow vs. Sterl &¦ Knowles*
Far Glrry: B. Silver's Reannex vs. Harridan &
Wiecand's O» - erture; Erwin & Lyons' May
'jue^-n vs Gus Abercrorr.bie's Rock Island Boy;
P. J. RelUy*a Grafter vs. Russell. Allen Sc
Wilson's Pr'-teful: I>. K. Carter's Joe Farrell
vs. H. L Taylor's M<^e: T. Sullivan's Castle
Island ]<¦ y vs. R. L. Taylor's Winning: La.«sle;
G. Fharrr.ari's Wait a Little vs. A. Johnson's
Uocatafa Beauty; J. C. Collins' Richmond
Queen vs. R. E. <!e B. Lopez's Wanda,
fl IFP nnWII Corner Fourth and
VHr till UJ HL; ££!TWSSLu 1 -S5
ValUts clacked fres
-.UU.if TAMALPrIii iCtftiC HfULWAf
! Lcat* Emu *rauc»»cu via aauaailto A- erry.
• Week Days ....:.*:W a, m. and 1:43 p. to.
Sundays .1:00, 19:00 a, m. aad I:4a n. au
:: Staam-baated. aloasd Wf ea ail trains.
y»r> i ßaa VraacUoa to Summit aa4 ttitonw
in* -¦ *
SPRING CATARRH CURED.
Remarkable Cures Made by Peruna North
and South.
KISS BERTHA E. WENTNES OF BUCKLEY. WASH.
Miss Bertha E. "W'ejitner, a prominent Sunday-school worker, writes:
"Having tried several remedies for chronic catarrh of the bronchia/
tubes without being helped, I began to think there was < l - <»
no cure until I tried Peruna. A great change for the *££^m+.
better at once took place, and after two months' faith- ' i r^^^^fak
ful use, Peruna completely cured me. For ihe past S/-«t W
six months I have had no catarrh a I symptoms and am |^ if
grateful to testify I owe my complete recovery to j;
Peruna." $h^^L^
Mrs. Mary Cook, Pitts ford, N. V., also says:
-"/ was not very well for six years, paid many -%& MftypfZ
doctor bills, but never improved very much. Two r^> • ' ¦'
years ago I was attacked with la grippe, which left me Mrs - Mary Cook -
with a severe liver trouble. I gave up hope of ever * *
recovering. Peruna cured me. I feel young again, and am gaining in flesh,
as I was very emaciated. My own children are surprised in the great change
in me when they come to visit me. We have made Peruna our household
remedy."
Hon. A. T. Wimherley. Collector of the
Port of New Orleans. La., and member of
the National Republican Committee, in
writing of Peruna. says:
"I have used Peruna and can gladly
recommend it as being all you represent.
I wish that every man who is in need of
a good tonic could know of it. I would
advise all such to take it now, and am
sure It would never be regretted. "
Peruna is an internal remedy — a scien-
tific remedy for catarrh. It cures catarrh
wherever located. Its cures last. Peruna
gives strength by stopping waste. By
savinp the mucous It enriches th»» blood.
By cleansing 1 the raucous membranes it
preserves the vital forces.
A constant drain of mucous from the
system is known a-» systemic catarrh. This
may occur from any organ of the body.
Systemic catarrh is more common in
sprinp and summer than in the winter. A
course of Peruna now will do much more
good than in the inclement weather of
winter.
Address The Peruna Medicine Company,
Columbus. Ohio, for a free book on ca-
I ww "Tnn pnst 1
I VgF I lijj uUfll I
H® I Bl H^ The swellest little top coats B
H t -'*^^'Lrt^^^ °^ covert we have ever seen. M
H For boys from to io years. ||
H Well tail red and of good ma- h*
m iff H l|lllilw udCili \a
H I haP ivaPaffl » I*o B^"i W
i Th riot S hers of° r A/j. PRAGER & SONS |
|^ Boys 857-859 MARKET ST.°gy gg > L T y| <
/% \ STRICTLY
X? -4 RELIABLE
I.^l DR - TALCOTr
$&s&*> tr CO.
J\&£%\ Ul**M*, and W«ik-
fWT mN only -
V, \J^ /I // 887 Kwket St.. C.r. 6ta.
J / EaUre Upp* r Floor.
soi i iir.it> ettiKir ro.niMJiT.
ir«iifn: avirm.l
Traina lm*<* wu«i »rr dm- i» nrrli* n*
sin nuiirtM'o,
(Main Line. Foot ol Market Street)
i leatb — From April 13, 1300. — A&Bira
*~:O»a Brnici*. Siiismi, Klniira. VacsTilie,
Kuaiaej'uil smcrunento *7:ISp
•7:OO\ Sh»»t» Etprea*— DaTia. WlUowi,
He-i Bluff, IVrtland «7:15p
•;<3Oa M arihiex, san ILunou. Vallejo. Napa,
t!»list< g»au<l HaiiU !:¦>¦<» *O:l.->p
•»:3O» Th- O»eri»ml LJ-ni'^d— Ogdeu. Den-
Ter, Otuaha. Chicago *9:13p
•»::n»* San .!..»-. Ilmimm. Nt<ickt»ii.
lone, S«Taiiieiit<». PlmeerTiUe,
Marjfttillf. Chieu, Kwl Khiir M:l1p
•«i:ni»* *Mii toil. t>»li<lai*\ Monora. Cuten... '*:ISp
•»:O«* H»ywar<l*. Tflhl lini TTij fltillii— . "1 1 1 11 >
•llmioa Datis, WootUaod. Knights LinOing,
Marj»T:lle, «»r<i»iii«- »7:l»p
•!>:OO* Atlantic Impress— Ogdeu acd Kast *U:I.1»
•!»:»» A Mtrtinrz, Tr i.-y. i.t-j.ru;-. titockCuD,
M. ro-,1 an.l Fre*»<> '13t1.1p
•»:««* PortCosU, Kr-Kiiv Mi.j.ite and l.cs
A.iurLi. •«:I3p
•IO:«o A Tullrjii. Martinez ami \V» T Htatinui 'Sil.lp
•II:O»a Rllca, l.iternmre. .Stock tun. «acr»-
nii-M'i. M<-mloU, ll*i:f.;r '.. Vi.iaii*.
l"orttrti!!e Mi Lip
MJ:«fl» Hajwanls. Nile* ami Wij Stations. l M3f
tl:OI»r SHUrKiiifiilo Itltef H'rxmrr* tM:UOp
•3:«M»r lUywar U. Nilra ami Way Station*. *»:Llp
•l-t»»r MuiLhir*. Situ lUmoii. Vallejo.
Ni>t>!\. I'iilUti.git. Tnntn Hun *u:|.t»
•l:«M»r lt-i»i«.i». Tucatille. Haer*>n«nto.
\Y..,,.|.mi.1. KnfkliU JjMldillg.
M*ry»¥i!!«-, Ornfille •10:I«a
•li.l«p Nile*. .San J..*e»i,.l .Stockton *?:I3p
•a:«OpTlie Owl Limited— TnwT. Frenno.
Ita>llllMil. haugtn fur Sauta Hit-
hara, lxi» Ancele." # l«:4-l»
*.l:.1Or Stockton. Mr-rc-t. I' resno M3:Llp
•3>3»r frnsiiu.iilaktrrstifM. S»nU CarWa.
1.4.* Ancles. I't-uiins. El VfO,
New Orlra»aa»d I", w. •SiJ.la
•3i3»r SatiU !¦'¦ Ituula — Atlnntlo Eipreat
for M»jn*H wul K»xl *6:l^p
•li:iM»r 11 ivv.*r.!<. Nile* ami .Sail JuM •7i*">»
ttt::ti>r Valtej M»;l3p
*6::t«r Oriental Mail— Ogilen, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Cliiciß '»:I3a
•«:30p Oriental Mail— < > k '.leo. Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. MslSp
|7:««r Vallfju, l\,r- t'oata ami Way Ht»-
tiona }!»i.V»p
•»:Osr Orrtfou aud I'llif r-.i» Cxi.rrm.Sae-
run.fiit... M..r:«>:l- UaOJIng, V . '
C.itlHi.l. Pug*! .5,.,,,,.1 a ,,.| Kant 'ftit.lA
HUNT DIVISION (Marrora loair).
( Knot u( M-irfcet Strerl.)
}~:43a Hirst* «"ruz Kicursiori fcr Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations |S:«sp
•Si m* Keuark.OiUrrtillr. «»« June. Krlton.
liouMvr l'reek..Santa Olin antl Way
butionn 'oi2t»f
t»:lsp Nr-v.-.rs. CenlvrTlllf. San .fixe, New
Almaiteu, tVltuu, l>ouM«r Creek,
Santa Cnx »i> 1 Vtlaclpal Way
Stations t !•!•!•*
MilSr Nevark. *»m .ln«e. Los Gates •«>¦»»*
al:l3pGlenwoo<l. Feiton. Want* Cira t^Sm
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from 313 riUCUW—fatl if atrkil Strrti (Sli» S)—
•7:15 UOO II 00*. M. 11:33 »2:3 |3:C3
M:C3 tS:C3 'i:ZZf.».
rria(ll(UlD-*«tl<r«rui»v — *«00 8 CiJ ]3.00t.M.
t!2 S3 'I^3 »:33 ;3:53; 3:S3 tt.:3 "Z£Zr.*.
t'IHST ItlTlStin (Kri»a.l <;«¦s•).
(Ihir.i :»n«l Towineinl St-» )
IC:IU* oceAii View. H.xilU .tan Franei«r».. ffc^lUP
t?:Uit* San .!•>— ;....! Way .Station* i.\,-.v
Almailfii geilK— Uywly) *l:3Op
JTiSOa Sunday Excursion f r Sao Joae,
Santa Cruz. I'vririo Grora and
l*rine l pal Way .Station* !*:33*
••>••* Halt .!..«». Trot Vimrn. Manta Cmx,
r*i-i!ic Mam, I'aso ItiilileS. San
l.nia UMm Surf. I-ompoc and
rriiH.-i|>al Way Mtntlomi ••iil«p
•IttilOA San Jose ami Way MlatloM •••»»«
•I !::»»» .San Jo»r. Los Gatosii"! WaysUtUms *3>3op
t<ttl3r.San .Matro. u,-.i«. ,,>.1. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Man .lim«,
Tres Finos. •Hanla Crux. Salinas,
Monterey ami I'aciHe fJruTe tl«::t«»
tl::i»rMn.l.,»».i,l Way Htatiiuia *~:3np
tl:l*»r >.i-i.i ¦>- ».. I I'riocipal Way Slatl.ms *9:*3*
tS:OOrSn. Jose. Los Gates and Principal
Waj Stations «!»:O»4
•¦1:3l»p Sun.lonran-1 Principal \T.ty Statiiuis f«:»-^*
•U.-:iur Sa:i.l<'Sr mi<( W iy s-.mi.i-, «»«:«»«»^
t11:4.-»r San Ji«r .i..l Way St.tti..n» •~:2nr
A for Mi tii i! 5. 1* for Ai:erm»ni
• Daily. t Mun.lay exceptrd. • .Sunday only.
6 Saturday mily.
a Saturday and 3umlay. c Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Ccmmencins- October 1. 1539.
JTROII SAN FRANCISCO TO MILK. VALLJSTC
AND 3AN RAFAEI^.
WEEK DAYS— »3:30. U:CO a. m.; 1:0,
•S:<o. 5:15. «:•». «:30 o. n».
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at S>:00 and 11:20 v. m.
SUXDATS— *8:00. •10:00. "11:23 a, m.; 1:1\
IJ3. *4:45. «:20, 9:CO p. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentia.
FROM SAX RAFAEL. TO- BAN FRANCI3CTX
WEEK DATS— 4:SS. H:C. 7:43. «J:4O a. m.]
•12:20. 2:15. •J:«0. «S:U p. m.
EXTRA TRIJ'S on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Baturdaya at £:*Q and 10:U v. m.
6UNDATS-6:JO. -S:CO. '10: W. »U:« a. m.)
•1:40. *»:15. 4:41. •«:*) v. m.
Trains marked «•) start from San Qnentta.
FROM MIkL. VALLET TO SAN FRANCISC<X
WEFK DAT3-G:43. «:<3. 7:53. «:43 a. ra.j
UK. 2:55. 3:45. 5:20 F- m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays «n4
Saturdays at 7:CO and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAT3— S«. 10:C5 a, m.: 13:04. tiU. «:xi
1:00. (:4S v- m.
THROTJOH TRAINS.
t.-OO a. ra. week days— Cazadero and 'waystattona,
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way stations.
|^q a. m. Bua<!ay»— Tgma'.M an3_TT«X lUUaafc
5Supervisor Brandenstein thinks it is as rnucluas z
rr.r.n's life i? worth to go to some of our local theaters.
He must have seen some of those Eastern farces
which recently afflicted us.
Mayor Phelan's bank is about to erect a buildin?? 1
on Market street, near Geary, the dimensions .of
which are to be fifty-three feet by ten stories. What
tvr.s that about '"pfop' 0 living, in tall towers"?
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
JxEW YORK, April IS.-Charles F. Craig
of San Francisco Is at the Holland- L W
Kirby of Oakland is at the Empire.
A good deal of fun was made of Weyler's typs
writer during the closing days of Spanish rule in
Cuba, but after all the machine appears to have told
the news better than Roberts' censorship apparatus. '
The willingness with which some witnesses in the
Fair case admit that they have lied is a reasonably
clear indication that they are still, at their trade. Per
haps when they say they lied they are lying.
The Toronto Mail says that owing to his large lum
ber interests in Canada General Alger will probably
make that country his home hereafter; • and if the
Canadians wish him they can have him.
Abour the only subject on earth upon which Bryan
cannot talk is Dcwey's candidacy, and yet that is
perhaps the only thing that has'given him any really
serious thought for a year. \ • •
.General Otis* is coming horiie and perhaps he is
coming with a bee iri'his bonnet and the intention of
putting himself in the hands of his friends.
The prominent actor who looked. upon the wine the
other day and disgraced himself refuses to talk. Per
haps he is still speechless.
.The exposition will doubtless be the biggest thing in
Paris this year, but the size of the hotel bills will push
it pretty close.
It is now 'a question for debating societies whether
Roberts has Bloemfontein or Bloemfontein has
Roberts.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Jasper Harrell, a Visalla capitalist, Is at
the Lick.
Dr. John Law, a mining man of Lead
ville. is at the Palace.
C. W. Munson, a wealthy resident of
Chicago, is at the Palace.
Charles E. Bigelow, a capitalist or Santa
Barbara, is at the Palace.
J. B. Sommers, a well-known mining
man of Yerington, is at the Lick.
Digby Bell, the famous actor and play
wright, is a guest at the California.
C. O. Scott, a merchant of Cleveland,
Ohio, and wife, are at the Palace.
J. G. Scott, proprietor of the Lick Paper
Mills at Agnews. is at the California.
L. Hauseman. a cattleman of Montague
Slskiyou County, is registered at the
Grand.
George A. Hutchinson, a well-known
merchant of Chicago, is staying at the
Palace.
J. McNeil, superintendent of the Elec
tric Power Company of Santa Cruz, is a
guest at the Palace.
N. Blackstock, the Railroad Commis
sioner, Is at the Grand. Mr. Blackstock
came to this city to attend a session of
the commission.
Charles E. Olney. a prominent lumber
man of Grand Rapids, Mich., is at the
Occidental.
R. Kondo and M.-Olasana. representa
tives of the Japanese Government, are
staying at the Occidental.
A Sharp Truth.
He jests at scars that never shaved him-
self.— Yale Record.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Can Let
Be Us
Made Tell
With You
$10. How.
Call at Our Office or Write.
South American Security Go.
21* PINE STREET. S. F.. CAU
Correspondents Throughout South America.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS;
L'DAPU A Drake Amalgamators, operat-
lAtvUtJll Itiß dally; 1 JO-Hp. gasoltn* en-
¦ g\tve cheap. » Stevenaoa. B. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. CZ3 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DWEDQINO PLMPS.
nil. Gasoline. Steam Moists. Centrifugal Prnnju.
F.nirlnes&BoUera. HendyMach.Wks..4o Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY S MODELS.
L. PETERSON. M4A Mission. 3. F.; communi-
cations from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Piirrlr fre«h or salt water for slulc* box**:
Hrh rr low llft». Plraonrlr S3 Market «t
GOL > SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator m
dally operation. Win, H. Birch * Co.. 123 Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savins Machine. K3 Fol-
som «treet. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GROCERIES ' NO P 'O VISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard
SOS Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1«1 Stockton. 3. F.
MATTFSOVS SLUICE WASrTER.
Lone tern, riffles and carpet combined ut#*
placer rold. . VAN WINKLE. «S Market st.
~ ~ L!QUORS-
WHIQWFV v c *hen & son.
VYnIOiVLI 4is Sacramento.
OILS. ~~
LPPRTCATTNO Otl. Cnid» r>n *m Oa»o!!n-
ENSIGN * McOUFFICK. !3 Ppear st- 9.T.
PLAT ES FOr? SAVINO GOLD.
Prrm»i!*ln A nnrrldc-. 1 Rardl* oUc« •(!
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BELI* Central Plating Work*. *i* Mi»-
»ton st.. S. F. Phone JeatU'Kl.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BfRSHAM-SIANUKFOBU CO.. Wa«hlncNn»
an 4 Ipx >ts.. Oakland, or Banders' Ex.. 3. F.
GASOLINH ENGINE*. -
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is fllllne
many ordera for Nome. 141-143 First at.. S. F.
ENGINES, BriLEUS. ETC.
EAKF.R * HAMILTON. Engines and rotters;
lowest prices on th> coast. Pln» A Davis sta.
FURS.
FUR COATS AND P.OBES FOR CAPE NOIIE
ALBERT nOEFLICH. 118 Grant av»V
TENTS AND OVERS.
NE\ ILLE & CO.. manufacturers, vjii. i»i»«
- coYera, tx maa 23 CaUXorni* «v
Art Exhibit and Concert.
: Mark Hopkins Institute of Art spring
exhibition. Only one week more. Open
daily from 9 till 5. including Sundays. Con-
sents grOin 8"" 10 - Ad mission; 25
The Oakland footpad whose plea that bad associ
ates led him away did not save him from San Qucn
tin will find now that the same kind of associates will
"«» H* able to lead him a.way for some time
The Democrats, Populists and Silver Republicans
of Portland decided to mfct at the same hour as the
Republicans. There was some consolation in being
in evidence at one stage of the campaign at least.
Officer Green Was Thirsty.
Charges were yesterday filed with the
Police Commissioners by Sergeant Duke
against Policeman Charles Green. About
r^n°Hrt y l S i terd i ay mornln S Duke found
Green drinking in a saloon nt Polk and
¦&£? « treeta ln l tea <* of patrolling his
Dowden, Benson and the like, have
given him high rank as poet, translator
and scholar. MRS. DR. L. C. LANE.
SAN FRANCISCO'S CULTURE.
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
the oDtnlona published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general Interest.
IF the present season is to be taken as
the standard of the status of our city
in artistic and literary opportunity San
Francisco can no longer be reproached
: -by.her Eastern city sisters for paucity
in opportunities forpure and true culture.
Not! only has this season been one re
markable for its bounty of musical art
of the highest order— the best in the sev
eral departments have not disdained to
come to, us, nor have we failed in mu
nificent recognitio/i of splendid achieve
ment—but now, at its close, our liberal
minded adopted fellow ; citizen, Prince
Poniatowski, brings to our very door, al
most to our hearthstone, an opportunity
for literary enjoyment and education
which may perhaps be said to excel in
the department of pure letters and schol
arship any public . gift for which San
Francisco has thus far had cause to re
turn her public thanks.
"We refer to the course of lectures now
being given at Hearst Hall, Berkeley,. by
M. de Regnier, a high exponent of French
poetry, and here be it remarked, notwith
standing the reproach so often thrown at
us of the commercialism of the age and
markedly • that of our own nation,- that
never has there. been a time when poetry
as a high art has had so well defined a
basis, has so combined Intellectual lines
with emotional color as it does to-day,
and If wo allow it to be profanely spoken
of as "a drug in the market," we may
indeed further add, a drug which brings
healing to the Sure heart and establishes
harmonious • conditions of intellectual
health.
M.. de Regnier's first lecture was upon
the. sonnets of Jose Maria de Heredla,
who at this moment stands at the head
of that Bchool of poetry, ranking directly
opposite to the school of symbolism, and
so does Hercdia excel, in his characteristic
style that his sonnets are : true cameos
in verse, each makings one unrelated, in
dividual- carving, unequaled and Insular
in the domain of poetry. So high do these
rank that it Is said the merit of this one
little book alone, ''The Trophies,'! made
its author one of the forty immortals that
compose. the Institute of France.
Not every one, to-be sure, has so exact
a - knowledge of - the French language as
to make clearly Intelligible to him the or
iginal verse so classic and so erudite, but
to San Francisco, through one of its resi
dent, litterateurs, , has ¦ been given .-the
honor of introducing to English literature
in the form of translation the complete
collection of the sonnets of Heredla, and
so successful has < Edward Robeson Tay
lor, been In this work, perfect in sonnet
form, perfect inspirit of the original, per
fect in understanding and unraveling of
ancient classic allusion, that the English
tribune -of-'- letter?, represented by such
men as Edmund Gosse, 11. Garnet t, Edw.
A ROUGH RIDER MILITARY SCHOOL.
A DECIDED novelty in the way of a school or
camp of military instruction 1 has been pro
jected in Colorado, where it is said upward
of 1,000,000 acres of land have been set apart for it
in the Shenandoah Valley, 400 miles from Denver.
It is to be known as "The National Rough Rider
Military Encampment," and its object is to train
young men in all the tactics of mounted infantry — a
class of troops which the South African war is prov
ing to be of wonderful efficiency since the introduc
tion of the weapons now in use among civilized na
tions.
The instruction given will cover all that is required
to make a first-class mounted trooper, or officer, in
cluding rough riding, scouting, trailing, signaling,
and all tactics suitable to that kind of service. A re
cent circular announces: "Governor Charles S.
Thomas of Colorado is the official head, and General
E. V. Sunnier of the United States cavalry service is
the military head of the new organization. Asso
ciated with them as a board of governors are General
Irving Hale, U. S. V.. Colonel S. K. Hooper of
Denver, David H. Moffat of Denver and C. D. Gur
ley of New York. * * * The co-operation of the
War Department and the services of non-commis
sioned officers have been -secured. The young men
will be permitted to join by regular enlistment. They
will be sworn to serve one year, the time required for
the training. Each man will be supplied with a
horse, equipment, clothing for the entire year, rations
and instructions."
If the enterprise be conducted with care it may
develop into one of the best training schools for
young men in the country. A year of such drill and
practice in the open air of Colorado would be bene
ficial to ever}' young man who can afford it, and the
camp will doubtless be attractive to thousands. It is
probable, moreover, that it may be so directed by
governmental influences as to train a valuable corps
of auxiliaries to the regular army.
THE WAR TAX DECISION.
3~"HE decision of the United States Supreme
Court in the case of the American Express
Company vs. Maynard, Attorney General of
Michigan, seems to have disposed of the contention
that it is the duty .of express companies generally, un
der the war revenue law of 1898, to stamp their re
ceipts, bills of lading or other evidences of the con
tract of carriage; but it does not appear to have
settled the other and equally as important contention
of the tax-shirking corporations that it is the duty
of shippers to do so.
From the meager condensation of Justice White's
opinion forwarded by telegraph we gather that the
court has upheld the right of the carrier and shipper
tc contract on the subject.. In other words, it has
been decided that the war revenue law does not im
pose the duty on cither of the parties, but leaves
them to arrange for the stamping between them. If
this is a correct statement of the point made by Jus
tice White, the contumacious express corporations of
California may still be compelled to stamp their re
ceipts and bills of lading. The laws ot this State
have something to say upon the subject, and if they
are not in conflict with the Federal statute — and they
arc not — they may be invoked and given effect in the
esses now pending in the local courts against Wells,
Fargo & Co.
Section 2130 of the {Civil Code says: "A carrier
must subscribe and deliver to the consignor, on de
mand, any reasonable number of bills of lading, of
the same tenor, expressing truly the original contract
of carriage, and if he refuses to do so the consignor
may take the freight from him and recover from him,
besides, all damage thereby occasioned."
And section 2169 makes it obligatory on a common
carrier to "accept and carry whatever is offered to
him, at a reasonable time and place, of a kind that
he undertakes or is accustomed to carry." Other
sections make a bill of lading property and assign'
ablc for value. Under our code, therefore, Wells,
Fargo & Co. must issue bills of lading on demand,
which necessarily implies legal bills of lading, and
since the war revenue act imposes a fine of $50 for
every illegal bill issued, there. is no logical. way out
of the difficulty except for it to issue stamped instru
ments. It follows, therefore, that all California
shippers need do with Wells, Fargo & Co. is to de
mand legal bills of lading, and if they arc not forth
coming withdraw their property and bring. suits for
damages.
' The right to contract for the payment of charges
other than the cost of freightage spoken of by Jus
tice White has unquestionably been taken away from
common carriers in California by the sections of the
Civil Code quoted above, and if the Supreme Court
has gone no further in shifting the burden of this
tax upon shippers than is indicated by the telegraphic
accounts of its decision, there is still a chance out
here to make the express companies buy their own
stamps and cancel them. If they continue to resist
after the law has been interpreted in this way,- and
fitted into the code; it will be in order for shippers
to withdraw their patronage and drive them out of
the State, or for the Attorney General to bring suit
for the forfeiture of their franchises. • . . •
Use Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitters to stimu-
late the appetite and keep the digestive organ 3
In order.
Discouraging.
"He says his wife learned to sing in
Paris." "That may be. She certainly
can't sing in Philadelphia."— Philadelphia
Bulletin.
ALTGELD ON JEFFERSON.
THE ex-Governor of.lllinois has gnawed his rope
again, and the neighbors are suffering the con
sequences. He told the people in Albany,
X. V.. on Jefferson's birthday what Jefferson would
do if lie were here. His inspiration was doubtless
the Rev. Mr. Sheldon's religious newspaper experi
ment in Topeka. It is Altgeld"s opinion that Jeffer
- :i would . favor Government ownership of every
means of production and agency of distribution, and
would refer every act of legislation to the people by
initiative and referendum and abide by the result. •
It might be sufficient answer to the Illinois anarch
ic that Jefferson is not here, and the people do not
accept Bryan as his reincarnation. But one may go
beyond this to the projection of Jefferson's ideas into
the condition of the modern world. In his fir^t in
augural Jciierson dciended the rule of the majority,
which is the necessary condition of republican gov
ernment. But he did not subscribe to the necessary
and inherent righteousness of the will of the major
ity, for he said, "The rule of the majority to be right
must be reasonable."
That fateful sentence carries the whole scheme of
free government by the majority. It is an admission
that the majority may not be reasonable, and there
fore may not be right.
Jefferson said nothing about the means necessary
to rationalize the will of the majority when it is un
reasonable. He admitted that it would be sometimes
wrong, and wrong cannot long rule in government
without grave results. He said nothing about avert
ing those results, though he left it certain that they
would appear. It was left for John Marshall, whose
appointment as Chief Justice by Adams was bitterly
resented by Jefferson, to develop from the constitu
tion itself the rationalizing force to correct the un
reasonable will of the majority when it took on that
form of expression which Jefferson foresaw. That
power Marshall found in the judicial courts, estab
lished by the constitution. They are the branch of
the Government that must rationalize its processes,
which originate with the majority.
Jefferson did not readily accept the constitution in
1789. His Virginia and Kentucky resolutions are in
compatible with that form of bond between the States.
He was jealous of that feature of the constitution
which makes it the supreme law, and his position left
open an issue which was never closed until the Civil
War. decided forever that the constitution made an
indissoluble union between the States.
Marshall saw in the constitution a permanent
limitation of every influence in government which it
vitalized. He saw in it the prevalence of principle as
against expediency in government, and he found in it
the power to rationalize which Jefferson admitted to
be necessary when he admitted that the majority
might not always be reasonable. It is noteworthy
that Altgeld put in most of his time, and all of his gall,
in denouncing the courts, the very branch of the
government necessary to perpetuate it by measuring
all of the acts by the constitution.
S Governor Altgeld closed his initiation of Jefferson
...lo the anarchist ranks with several mouthfuls of
figures, to prove Bryan's popularity as the avatar of
Jefferson. The cold figures that stand over against
his hot ones arc that the Democratic vote for Cleve
lrnd increased 705.858 between 1884 and 1892. The
Republican vote increased in the same time 359,910,
showing a less rate by reason of the popularity of
certain things for which Mr. Cleveland's personality
sfood. Br.t by 1896 that tendency to decrease was
changed. The Republican vote that year increased
2.281.698. and the Democratic vote only 1.652.070, on
the vote of 1884; the Republican gained on the
Democratic increase 629,628 votes. • If this is evidence
of Colonel Bryan's popularity, let it continue.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.
STOP THE JAPANESE INVASION.
California Press Protests Against the Coming of Hordes of Little
Brown Men.
LOS ANGELES EXPRESS
It would be serious enough if the Japanese coming to this country were of the
better class, but if the reports from Yokohama are correct such is not the case.
It is alleged that charitable societies and possibly the municipal governments of
Japanese cities are taking a hand in the shipping of Japanese pauper laborers
to this country, and it is further alleged that destitute Asiatics are not allowed
to congregate at Yokohama and Tokio, but are sent across the Pacific as fast
as nossihle, this being the cheapest way of getting rid of the undesirable citizens.
In the absence of anything else, the law in regard to the immigration of labor
ers under contract should be rigidly enforced until something can be done to
check the evil. We cannot afford to be made the dumping ground for Asia, and
that is what is in store for us unless prompt and energetic action is taken.
• \ ; ¦ * ¦..-•«>
BLUE LAKE ADVOCATE.
The Japanese are now pouring into this country by hundreds and thousands.
We are informed that upon three steamers, one recently arrived in San Francisco
and two others about due, eleven hundred of the "little men" will be landed at
that port. Probably as many are landing at the Sound ports. Now that they
are pointed this way the stream will increase until it will equal the flood of
Chinese which afflicted us some years ago, and are here now to curse us with
their presence. We need the same kind of legislation against the Japs that was
applied to the Chinese. It is high time for the laborers of this country to give
this matter some thought and take some action in reference to It. . .->, <
•• j '. • - •
GRASS VAI LEY UNION
It is true that Japan is a country far less populous than China, but yet
Japan could. easily send many thousands to this State who would never be
missed from their own country. Those already here act as advertisers for Cali
fornia, and the tendency is to a steadily Increasing immigration from the
Mikado's empire. Should this immigration continue, as seems inevitable, the
question of restriction must be seriously considered. It may seem a hardship to
shut out such inoffensive and intelligent little men as the Japs, but the welfare
of American labor should be the first consideration and the controlling one.
• • •
SAN JOSE MERCURY.
If the Japs continue to pour into the Pacific Coast States it will be in order
for the Government to intimate to the Japanese Government that its subjects
are making themselves too numerous here, and there is little question that a
mild but plain protest of this sort would have the effect of stopping this un
desirable immigration. If not, it will be the duty of Congress to give the subject
its serious consideration. • . .. . -„• ¦;
BAN DIEGO SAN DIEGAN SUN.
Are the Japs trying to play the recent American game of expansion or is
their coming due to a pulling influence at work in this country? In other words,
are the Japa coming because they want to come or are they coming on some
thing like an illegal labor contract? This question will be answered sooner or
later, a«u a whole lot will depend upon the answer.
• • *
STOCKTON MAIL.
There will soon be an opportunity for the exercise of statesmanship In the
relations between the United States and Japan. It is necessary that Japanese
immigration into this country should be stopped, and yet it la very desirable,
in view of our commercial expansion and ambitions in the Orient, that the
United States and Japan should be on friendly terms..
• • •
SAN JOSE HERALD. V
"With Japanese landing on this coast at the rate of two or three thousand a
month it is time to take up the question of Japanese exclusion in earnest.
panics have always exercised over their people a sort of governmental control. In the
mysterious Asiatic way they have held a sort of mastery over the Chinese coolies, which
had its uses in behalf of public order. But there are no Japanese Six Companies. There
may be a sort of padrone system among the Japanese, but they seem to go and come in
bands, and there is over them no authority, no control, like that of the Six Companies.
Judicial notice has already been taken of the prevalence of crime among them. They are
thus early furnishing an undue percentage of criminals. In this respect they are now
ahead of the Chinese. Their offenses are against Americans, while the breaches of the
law by Chinese are mostly against their own kind. In a time of depression these Japanese
will violently resent such measures as were taken to rid certain of our communities of
the Chinese, and there will be very serious trouble, involving our Federal Government
with that of Japan.
All this can be prevented by acting now. This view of what is certain to come
should be impressed upon our own Government. It may be distasteful to now interro
gate the Japanese Government on the subject, but it will be far more distasteful later on
to be interrogated by that Government in behalf of its people who have suffered in a pop
ular storm such as is certain to be; unless prevented by measures taken now.
We know of no other way to reach the result required. If there be another we will
support it effectively. We warn California of the consequences of letting the evil run
unchecked. If this invasion go on and be projected into another period of depression,
who can measure the seriousness of the situation? The Japanese differ from the Chinese
in being truculent, insubordinate and less submissive to control. The Chinese Six Corn-
THURSDAY.... APRIL 19, 1900
JOHN 0: SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address «l Ccrr.municaticni to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
IcBLICATION OKF!CR..Mnrket and Tbtrd. S. F.
Telephone Main ISUS.
i:mTOIt:AL, ROOMS... .'SI7 to 221 Stevcn«on St.
Telephone Mnlu 1574.
Delivered I»t Cnrrlern. 15 C+nt* Ver Weelt.
Mnßlr Copleit. 3 Cent*.
Term* by Mull. Inclndlnß l'o«tncret
TV. !LY CAUL, nncludlng Sunday), one year . .Jrtf/i
DAILY CALL <!nclud:r.s faziizy). 6 months 3.00
;w;lv CALL. <inc!udir.s Sunday). 3 month* l.M>
DAILY CALL- By Single Month <&c
RUSfDAT CALL. One War 1-M
V.TEKLT CALL, One Year 100
All poMniaatcr* nre authorized to recelTe
• abscrlptlona.
Sample copies tril! be Jorr.arded when requested.
(HKLAXD OFFICK lUS Urondway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
f.-'c-r.ager Foreign Advertising, Mzrquette Building, Chicago.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central Hit.")
NEW YOIIK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buiiding
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherxsaa House; F. O. Ntwi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fretncri Houee; Auditorium HoteL
KEW YORK NEWS STANDB:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaco. 81 Union Square;
Hurray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (0. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
CX A*"Cn OFFICES— IT: Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntil 9:30 o'clock. SQO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 039
McAllister, open until 6:30 o'clock. 61S Larkln. open until
l>:30 o'clock. 1941 Miff lon. open until 20 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109 C
Valencia, open ur.t.l S o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until
l< o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
rpen cnttl 9 o'clock.
THE empire of Japan will soon appear to have a reason of its own for assenting to
an agreement with our Government, whereby the migration of its people will be
limited. That empire took on responsibilities in its war with China which compel it
to stand in military readiness for what may come. Its population is not so large that it
can spare many people, for in the day of trial it must demonstrate that physical force
which rests in numbers and discipline. These' conditions present a favorable opportunity
for the negotiation of a treaty which will permit us to exclude Japanese coolies. They
are not needed here, even if they stood by the same standard of life and wages- as our
own people. As we have already made plain, they are less desirable than the Chinese cool
ies. They are less reliable,' less orderly, less thrifty.* - But we need neither class. The Chi
nese exclusion law, honestly enforced, protects us against the coolie laborers from that
country. The need of Japanese exclusion becomes daily more imperative. One steamer
recently landed noo Japanese coolies. The tide rises, the flood is increasing. Its afflict
ing effects are already apparent. The call is louder every day to "our members of Con
gress to take steps leading to a treaty that will arrest -the evil where it is. It is the worst
policy to wait until tens of thousands are here, requiring the expensive institution of a
registry and the operation of more official machinery, wfth more opportunity for craft and
corruption.
It is probable that Japanese will come now steadily at the rate of more than a
thousand a month. When the Chinese evil became so great that efforts began to effect
the exclusion of those people, the managers of their importation loaded every ship that
came, and sometimes a thousand a week were landed. The Japanese evil is in that stage
now, and we may expect a constant increase in the importation. This makes an emerg
ency issue that must be considered. Our coast members should introduce in both houses
of Congress joint resolutions calling on the President to report the condition of our trea
ties with Japan, and reminding the executive branch of the necessity for a new treaty,
covering this immigration evil and conferring upon Congress the power to exclude the
Japanese as the Chinese are excluded. The Call urges our members to. such action. It
cannot be taken too soon.
THE JAPANESE INVASION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1900.
DABBLING IN MODERN WARFARE.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orjjheum— Vaudeville.
Alcizar— "Quo Vadl*."
California— "A Bachelor* Romance."
CalJlornla— Petschaikoflf and Hambourg to-morrow aiter-
noon.
RCcluaibia— West's Minstrels.
Tivoli— "The Wizard of the Nile."
Grand Opera-houee— "An Arabian Girl."
Fischer's Concert House— "Cavalleria Rustlcana."
Chute*. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olytnpla, corner Mason and Edfly streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Gentry's Trained Animal Show,
El Campo— Danciiiß, bowline, flchlng, etc., every Sunday.
Western Turf Association— Races to-day.
6Cases Where Cupid Miscalculated
Irene M. Barnum.haa commenced an ac
tion for divorce against Samuel E. -Bar
num, allegingr that ;her husband has de
serted . her. ; Nora Agnes Freedlander has
been granted a 'divorce from Albert A.
Frecdlander on the ground of extreme
cruelty. . The custody of a minor child
was awarded to the plaintiff. Henrietta
Robinson ha* 'secured a divorce from
Henry J.- Robinson on account- of the de
fendant's willful neglect.
Narjot on Trial for Manslaughter.
The trial of Ernest Narjot. charged with
manslaughter for the, killing of Joseph
O'Neil Gleeson a few months ago In a
cafe at Turk and Taylor streets, was
commenced yesterday In Judge Cook's de
partment of the Suporior Court. W. Daly
testified thatthe accused and he had en
gaged in a fight and that Gleeson tried to
separate them Just as Narjot drew his
pistol and fired. The shot was Intended
for Daly, but it struck the deceased.
j perlment. of keen enthusiasm for adven
i ture and learning, moved to a climax In
! a great rorr.antlc epic— Spenser's "Faerie
i Queen." Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales'
| expressed with chartnir.g ease and tran3-
I forming grace the whole imaginative life
lof the middle apes. Just so the "Faerie
! Queen" gathers into itself the imaginative
life of the central renaissance, and flashes
; It forth to us in myriad forms and hues
'of beauty. The poem is an allegory, a
! dream; yet it ;s ttlled, as no romance of
! the middle aces, with the sense of reality
and of manhood. "To fashion a gentle
man or noble person in virtuous and gen
tle discipline" is, Spenser tells us, his ob
ject; and this end. so characteristic of the
new nation, he achieves through a be
i wilderlng wealth of Inventions and images
; in which all civilizations known to him
I are laid under contribution. The after
• glow of chivalry is in the poem: but hear
say of "fruitfullest Virginia" has widened
Spenser's knowledge of fairyland, and so
have his travels in the worlds of the cias
t=ic poets and of Tasso and Ariosto. \\itn
the frank eclecticism of the renaissance,
these different influences blend in nls
work. - Yet one feels no incongruity in
the poem-rather a perfect harmony. One
i yields. enchanted, to the opulence of
i beauty, to the wealth of exquisite pictures
presented to the inner eye.
Best of all. this seemingly unrestrained
loveliness can be enjoyed without qualm
or scruple. Often the beauty of this
visible world has inspired- gopd men
-with terror. It terrified the monk before
Spenser's day and the Puritan after him.
In a way monk and Puritan are right.
Thai the world of sense is fraught wuh
danger to the spirit no one can watch the
literary davelopment that followed Speen
ser and deny. Spenser knows thl3 well;
his knights are ever on their guard,
md fairyland is one great battlefield.
Yet his imagination, pure and healthful
as it is sensitive, revels in the beauty of
nature, art and humanity, unchecked by
fear Thi3 he can do. because, filled, like
all men ot his day, with devotion to "all
that can make the too much loved earth
more lovely." he is a yet more impas
sioned lover of that unseen and everlast
ing beauty to be seen by the eyes of the
mind only cleared by faith. The "Faerie
Queen " with all its classic adornments,
il profoundly Christian, and Spenser Is a
son of the reformation as well as of the
renaissance. Perhaps this happy synlne
sis could not long endure. On the one
h">nd the Jacobean drama was to follow,
with Its sad revel of the senses: on the
ether, the harsh literature of Puritan
ism But we may at least rejoice that
before this parting of the ways we pos
sess one great poem in which we find the
free ?nd fearless union of sensuous charm
with perfect purity, and the passionate
love of a visible and an invisibl- beauty
are blended for once without strife.
The mood of the nation was to alter.
It was to dream no more of fairyland:
it was to play with life go longer. The
joyous, eager, aristocratic literature of
the first Elizabethan period, with its un
forgettable natural magic, was to be fol
lowed by a literature that expressed an
overwhelming reality of experience and
of passion. In four or five years at latest
after the publication of the first three
books of the "Faerie Queen" will be act
ed "Romeo and Juliet." and «hat means
that one poet at least knows tha sorrow
ful depths of the human heart. Already,
in 1557, Marlowe's "Dr. Faustus" has
struck a solemn note like a warning
bell. The day is to a new art: and dur
ing all the rest of Elizabeth's reign, and
through the reign' of her successor, the
chief imaginative energies of the English
race are absorbed in that supremely great
creation, the romantic drama. Not that
other literary forms were superseded.
Lyrics, translations, • patriotic and ro
mantic prose, went on unchecked, while
a noble, reflective prose arose in Hooker
and Bacon. But the drama overshadow
ed all. because it was the fullest expres
sion of life.
There were two currents In th! 3 great
dramatic tide that rose so h!gh In Eliza
bethan literature. Th« first was repre
sented by ~*iakespeare and his contem
poraries and* followers— Marlowe. Greene.
Dekker. Mlddleton. Heywood. Beaumont
and Fletcher. Webster, Tourneur. Mass
inger and Ford. It was frankly romantic.
It disregarded the unities of time and
place. It was a law, and a noble law,
unto itself: it yielded Its imagination to
the fullness of life. .The counter current,
led by rare Ben Jonson. Shakespeare's
contemporary, clung to the classic tradi
tion. It emphasized form and rule. It
looked at life rather in the abstract than
i.i.the concrete. We know .well . enough
now whica was the greater artist, Shakes-
Marcuse & Remmel Discharged.
"United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday made an order of discharge In
bankruptcy of Marcuse & Kcmmel, real
estate scents of Alameda.
A good men's calf shoe for $1 50 a pair at
the Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st. •
AMUSEMENTS.
AM I A WIZ? "COME AND SEE !
enormous Access
OF THE SUPERB COMIC OPERA,
"THE WIZARD
?h f e NILE,"
The Greatest Porrand For S<»atB On Record!'.
EXINGS at f. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
I cpular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
— TELEPHONE PUSH ? ,
4 La*t 4 !Oelrr? ajid * Matinee- Saturday.
\A//V\. H. W/EST S BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE!
E7 FEATURES THIS WEEK. including
Lhe Musical ?»Tisi.ti.r.. "THE ALTAR
-art performance takes place Sunday.
special or* q-,. :yv, 77- jm
prices c « <50v, OVi, <dC, $i.
NEXT MONDAY.
IA/ARD A %ti YOKES
!r. the Musical Farce.
THE FLOOR WALKERS.
Funnier then "A RUN ON THE BANK."
THE HiT~OF HITS!
KOFKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEViLLE COMPANY
AND ORPHEUM STARS.
JIARZELLA: GUITANOS: FALKE: SER-
NOX: DUNCAN; BELLMAN: MOORE:
BOBBY GAYLOR: DE FORRKSTS: EMPIRE
COMEDY FOUR: IIAXVEY: COOLEY:
V.-ILBUR: FULLER: 81 BTEBBINS.
R«"*erved teat*. 2oc; fcaJccny. 10c; cpera chairs
: :. 1 box smiU. 50c.
: . ¦ -,-f Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
(3 MM PP HOUSE
rHoxn main isi.
THE TAt-K «JF THE WHOLE CITY.
GENUINE TRIUMPH OF <">UR NEW YORK
COMPANY IN THE EX-
TRAVAOANZA PRODUCTION SAN
FHANC!S'"O HAS EVER
DAVID HENDERSON'S FAMOUS
AN ARABIAN GIRL
r»r ALJ BAHA AND THE FORTY THIEVES.
Ci:O\VDLL* EVERY NIGHT.
Seat* on riaie Two Weeks in Advance. •
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Cood Reserved Seat in Orchestra at Saturday j
er.d Pun Jay Matinee*. ?.>c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVEP.Y AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
The Amateurs
AT
The Handicap
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE.
Cakewalk Contest Ssinrdiy Night.
Telephone for Peate— Park 53.", .
_ i
<#iVN E AT R l^4> |
Every Nirht at S o'clock.
3D VJEEK aho
CONTINUED SUCCESSI
NEVEU BEFORE SUCH A SUCCESS AT THE
ALCAZAR.
Re*erv«-d Seats Six Days in Advance.
PRICES— ISc, 2ac, 35c, 50c.
MATfXEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
GRAND CHAPTER DOUBLES
THE PER CAPITA TAX
Newly Elected Masonic Officers In
stalled and Committees Ap
pointed by High Priest.
At the session of the Grand Chapter of
Royal Arch Masons yesterday, on motion
of C. L. Patton the per capita tax vaa
increased from 25 to SO cents. The reports
of the several committees were considered
and adopted. During the year Azusa
Chapter No. 80 and Varconte Chapter No.
31 were instituted.
The following officers were installed by
Past High Priest Florin L. Jones, assisted
by Past High Priest Jerome B. Richard
son: Thomas Kyle, grand chaplain;
Franklin H. Day. grand lecturer: Charles
L. Patton. grand captain of the host;
Thomas Flint Jr.. royal arch captain:
Samuel D. Mayer, grand organist, and
Charles E. Glllett. grand guard.
The following committees were ap
pointed by the nigh priest: Jurisprudence
— Adclphus Hewell. J. H. Neff, William
Vanderhurst. William F. Pierce. Robert
Ash. Finance— J. B. Merritt. Charles J.
Willett. W. M. Petrie. W. H. Davis. Ed
ward Coleman. Correspondence) — William
A. Davies. H. C. Bargemann, August
Wackenbarth. Frank Wolf. W. L. Irven.
Printing— W. A. Davis, F. H. Day, Charles
L. Patton.
AMTT3EMENTS.
THE § THURSDAY
SECOND B MATINEe
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15 PROMPT.
J LAST MATINEE SATURDAY AFTERNOON
OF
A BACHELORS ROMANCE
! The Delightful Comedy *o Beautifully Pre-
tented by .
7V\R. J'A/V\fc£S NEILL
And the Excellent Ncill Corarany.
! P«>at* now on sale for NEXT SUNDAY
', NI'IHT. another charming comedy, "CAPTAIN
i LETTEUULAIK."
! CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
Last Concert To-Morrow Afternoon
PROMPTLY AT 2:15.
PETSCHNIKOFF,
The Poet of the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
The Young Siegfried of the Piano.
AIME LACHAUME,
Dieting-utshed Composer and flanlst.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
Reserved Seats T-Oc. $1. $1 50
A CONCERT HOUSE
r?2-f24 O'FAnrtELi, ST.
E- A. FIS<;HT3R ...Prop
GEORG R SS OOSER I Manager
The Har.iisoir.eM Music Hall In Atnerlca.
HINP.ICISP' SI'PERD ORCHESTRA.
THE Br«T ML'SIC.
THE FINEST VOICES,
PATRONIZED BY THE BEST PEOPLE.
1 GRAND OPERA FOR ONE DIME!
NO RESERVED SEATS.
COME EARI-Y AND AVOID THE RUSH.
GREAT BILL.
I FIONOniNA HARia'CCI. SIGNORINA POL,-
LETTINI. SIGNORINA PI'ERERI. SIGNOR
P.APARACCO. SENOR VARGAS. THE BEAU-
TIFUL SALVINI. THOMAS DUNN. THE i
WONDERFUL BOY SOPRANO.
•CAVALLERTA RUSTICANA."
I !0c ADMISSION 10c
I CENTRAL PARK. fS-figfe
TWO WKEKS. Ftrcinnlng Safurdnv. April Hth
GENTRY'S *«^ tB ,;
Trained Animal Show!
Larcer and Grander than Ever. Twice Its
form»r «lze. Three Hundred Elephants. Ponies, I
Monkeyc and Das*- Giving positively the most 1
unique and novel exhibition ever witnessed |
; under canvae Kepn'sentir.jc tne highest po«- !
tibie development of nnlmal Intelligence, "a— i
WONDF.KFUI., ACTS-75. More ftartlln* and j
diffiruU lhan ever performed by their human '
prototype* In the fawduet arena. The fad of j
the fashlnnaWeii and «n Instructive jhew for old
and youne. A mo«t moral and refined enter- |
talnment. The cleanest an'] b»«t drensed er- |
hMiltlon on tcur. Adnilayifln — Children. 10c; !
Adult*. 7T-c. Pprfr'-man^e at 3 o'clock after-
noon, 8:20 r.irht. .«e« Grand Parade at noon
»»ch "lav Rhnw ruin nr chine.
WESTERN TUR? ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIXTH MEETING. April 9 to 20. Inclusive.
fci» high-clatf running races every week dajr.
rain ot chine, l-e^im'::!.: at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrark of America. Pa-
tranx *lep directly from the railroad cars Into
a fuperl. grand utand. clans-tncloiii*!. where,
comfortablj hou»ed in bod weather, tney can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Thin! and Tnwr.s»nd streets at
10:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12 IV 12:35. 12:50
end I:ZS p. tn.. returning immed lately after
la»t race «t 4:45 |>. m. Seats In rear cars re-
ferred for women and. their escort*. No smok-
ln»f. Valencia utreet. 10 minutes later.
San Jcse and Way Station*— Arriv« at San
Bruno *t J!:<s p. m. Leave Sa.n Bruno at 4:o*
«H'l 4:4S p. m.
RATEt?— San Francisco to Tanforan and 're-
turn. Including admission tn track, 11.25.
W. J. MARTIN. Prenldent.
F. H. OnF.KN. PM*r»tsrv and Manager.
FAMILY RESORT— EL CAMPO.
OPEN EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-five minutes' ride on the bay tn that
large, tnagnltloent fcteamer, Ukiah. Dancing,
bowling, fishing, boating, plenty uf shade, re-
freshments, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adults. 25 cents for the round trip, including
admission to the grounds. Children between
t and 11 years of are li cents.
I^avc Tlburcn ferry, toot of Market street.
10:10 a. m.. 1 and 4 p. m. Leave El cam do j
11:4* a. m.. S »nd 5 p. m.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|b A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOOUA-
1 tor and Nervine. ¦ - .
Toe most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic (or the Sexual Organs for both a*xes.
"Tne Mexican Remedy tor Dlreaires uf th* Kid-
neys and Il'.adder. Sells on Us owu menu.
NADER. ALF.S & RRUNE. Agents.
SS Uaxkat St.. H. F.— (Seed tor ClrcuUr.j
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen's Foot-Ease. » pcw<ler. It makes tight or
new chocs feel easy. Cuies Corns, Bunions,
Swollen, Tired. Sweating, Achlnj; Feet. 3U,wu
testimonials. At all dnißgi'ta end ehtx store*.
tic. Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address Al
len S. Olmated. las Roy. N. Y.
THE ACTING OF ONE OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS IX THE TIME OF
QUEEN ELIZABETH.
Ferryboat Sausalito Breaks
the Crosshead of Her
Cylinder.
San Rafael Will Carry All Passengers
and a Chartered Boat the Freight
"Until the Steamer Is
Repaired.
The crosshead of the ferry steamer Sau
salito's engine broke yesterday morning
while the boat ,was on her way from Sau
sallto to San Francisco on the S:l5 o'clock
trip. The accident delayed the steamer a
short time, but she managed to reach this,
side of the bay without assistance. The
vessel will be laid up for repalra for a few
days and in the meantime the San Rafael
will carry all the passengers while an
other boat will carry the freight.
A Clever Rogue at Work.
For over a year a man who calls him
self a "gunner's mate" (first class) in the
navy has been victimizing people along
the front and In Oakland. His general
mode of procedure Is to go to some hotel
and give them an order, on the Mare
Island steamer Monticello for "a trunk,
bag and hammock and a cage of parrots."
On the strength of this order he generally
makes a borrow of from $2 to $10' and
that is the last seen of him. The money
is generally, easy to procure as the rogue
knows the ways of the navy and tells a
most plausible tale. During his career on
the front the "jackey" has rung the
changes on the Boston. Baltimore, Nash
ville and Ohio, but the majority of his
orders are signed "Gunner's Mate of the
Baltimore."
He changes his name every time he
gives an order, but in nearly every in
stance retains the initials of his given
name. In an order he gave Charles Reb
lin of Fourth and Kentucky streets he
signed himself "K. Albert Thomson." In
another he gave to C. de Flander, 160 l
Market street, he signs himself "K. V.
Vilkelson." One he gave the Ahlborn
House was signed "Karl V. Anderson,"
while another he gave the Winchester
House was signed "Karl V. Smith." Other
t^-ders now on file in the otfire of the
steamer Monticello for "a trunk, bag and
hammock and a cage of parrots" are
signed C. 'Vilhelson, Karl W. Allen, K.
V. Mathiason and Valdemar Olsen. All
the orders are in the came handwriting.
Karl seems to have done a land office
business in getting small sums out of ex
pressmen, runners, hotelkeepers and un
suspecting strangers. '
Transports and Ex-Transports.
The transport Warren goes on the dry
dock this afternoon to be cleaned arid
painted. She will sail for Manila May 1,
and will probably take the recruits now
at the Presidio.
The transport Sheridan will be in port
for quite a time to come. She will have
new decks put in before she again sails
for the Philippines.
The transport Tartar sails for Puget
Sound to-day. On her arrival there she
•will be turned over to her owners, who
will put her. in the Oriental trade.
The ex-transport Zealandla goes on the
Hunters Point drydock this morning.
Ehe will be cleaned and painted and will
then be put on the berth for Nome by
the Alaska Exploration Company.
Water Front Notes.
The Ohio Society of California is mak
ing great preparations for the launching
of the battleship Ohio from the Union
Iron Works shipyard.. A circular was
issued yesterday for distribution all over
California and if the hopes of the pro
moters are fulfilled the launching will be
one of the greatest events ever, witnesses
in San Francisco. The State has been
divided Into nine districts and one mem
ber of the committee on organization and
correspondence assigned to each district.
By this means the society expects to place
a copy of the circular in the hands of each
Ohioan (over 15,000) whose name appears
upon the great register, and also In. the
hands of other'Ohloans whose names and
addresses can be obtained.
The mail steamer Moana sailed for Aus
tralasia last evening. She carried an un
usually large number of cabin passengers
for this time of the year and had all the
freight she could carry-
The Honolulu clearance papers of the
bark Albert- arrived on the Nippon Maru.
The sugar boat got away without them
and she was well down on the horizon
when the fact was discovered. As the
Albert has not arrived yet and the papers
are here there is no harm done.
Bohemians as Auctioneers.
In the jinksroom of the Bohemian Club
yesterday the public invited to in
spect the pictures that will be "knocked
down" to the highest bidder in the club
rooms this evening between the hours of
6 and 11. Horace Platt, Al Gerberdlng and
Louis Sloss will- act as auctioneers. The
sum realized will go toward the fund to
be utilized In the purchase of the Bo
hemian Grove. All the pictures to be sold
have been contributed by the artists, who
include Theodore .Welch, H. R. Bloomer,
C. A. Jorgensen. J. F. McComas, J. \V.
Clausen, C Chapel Judson. Humphrey-
Moore, Robert I. Aitken, H.. J. Breuer,
Harry Stuart Fonua. M. Straus. G. Ca
denasso, Theodore AVores. John M. Gam-
He. H. Nanpenbach, A. F. Mathews, Orrin
Peck. L. P. Latlmer and C. D. Robinson.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE GOLDEN AGE OF ENGLISH LITERATURE
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
XVII. THE ELIZABETHAN AGE.
(Concluded.)
BY VIDA D. SCUDDER.
Garden, not woodland. These Eliza
bethan lyrics, inevitable and careless as
they seem, have not the wilding charm
of ballad or folk-song. Theirs is no "un
premeditated art." They are the product
of culture; though culture, to be sure,
would avail little were they not rooted
In the warm earth of human experience
and nourished by the free sunshine of the
imagination. Their art is of the best kind
which is adopted by nature and becomes
part of her own life, like a rose.
This lyrical outpouring, especially in its
earlier portion. Is full of joy. The lyrics
sing of love, of springtime, of blossom:
they voice the rapturous praise of beauty,
and again return ever to their refrain,
youth and love, love 'and youth. All deli
cate moods of courtship are in" them— gay.
tender, plaintive, frolicsome— only the
depths of passion they never sound. The
ecstacy of. youth is theirs.
This lyrical revel goes on unchecked in
to the reign of King James; only, the
mood changes, and a more serious note
makes itself heard. Meanwhile, though
lyrics were the most characteristic prod
uct of the first .Elizabethan period, many
other literary forms were developing.
They were all marked with the same
strange mixture of experiment and inspir
ation. Criticism In prose sprang up, in
books like Sidney's "Apologie for
Poetrie." itself a splendid prose-poem,
and Webbe's "Discourse of Eng'.ish
Poetrie." It was childish enough, bur
its existence was significant. Art prose
was feeling Its way. getting lost some
times in a maze of affectations, as in
Lyly's "Euphues." and sometimes, as in
Sidney's "Arcadia," reaching under Span
ish and Italian guidance a land of pure
romance. The great Elizabethan transla
tions were beginning and turning a stream
of foreign and classical Influence from the
Latin races upon England. Prose of ad
venture, like Hakluyt's famous "voy
ages," was getting under way. But. in
deed, in one sense. It 13 all prose of ad
venture which the young nation puts
forth at this time, whether people are
shaping the new language to delightful
unwonted uses or recording their explora
tions of distant seas.
This period of romance, of poetic ex-
peare or Jonson: but their contemporaries
tild not know, and Indeed it was no easy
aesthetic Question to decide between their
theories. T.me has dec del, and we do
not here need to follow me drama or tne
Jonsonian tradition, which, with all its
power and energy, proved on the whole
abortive.
After 1500. while the drama was predomi
nant, the nation was passing through va
rious experiences, and the drama reflects
them all. It was the most democratic form
of art that had yet been found. It was not
written of necessity for gentlemen nor by
gentlemen; it came straight from th.>
great, common heart, and to that heart it
appealed. It was not written necessarily
by good men. nor by men who had clear
vision In matters spiritual. Indeed, there
is not much that is spiritual in the litera
ture of the last decade of the sixteenth
century and the following years: it is
human, and its direct naturalism is Its
strength.
At rirst the drama took up the gayety
and charming sentiment and romantic
temper of the time; took up also its patrio
tic enthusiasm; and we have Shakes
peare's wonderful series of romantic com
edies, from "Love's Labor's Lost" to
"Twelfth Night." work so full of bright
ness and beauty, so full of poetry, yet
never for a moment swerving aside from
the great realities of exptrience and life.
We Eave also the noble series of historical
plays. D.^kker. Mlddleton and Heywood.
the other dramatists of this time, express
ed in their plays the same healthy enjoy
ment of life, and at times, as in "Old For
tunatus" and "The Shoemaker's Holiday."
the same feeling for romantic beauty.
Life was seen unveiled and seen as very
good.
But this unhampered sense of power and
pleasure did not last. A deeper quality ami
a sadder crept in; g'.ad spontaneity faded
and the darner aspects of that world
which had been no enthusiastically dis-
I covered and so bravely faced by the early
] renaissance began to Invade men's minds.
The effort after form was not so evident
by this time as in the first period, but an
effort after thought became evident. Men
began to philosophize, to meditate more,
to brood more over life's meaning. Suil
denlv tragady is with v?: a great tragedy,
before which we bow our heads; the trag
edy of "Hamlet" and "Othello," of "Mac
beth" and "Lear."
It is a far cry indeed from the light
some grace of the early work of Spenser
to this drama which probes with unriv
aled and terrible Insight the sorrowful
mysteries of heart and soul. Yet the Jour-
LUMBER DEALERS
FORM A POOL TO
INCREASE PRICE
Advance of Two Dollars
a Thousand Feet Is
Anticipated.
A Committee of Three, Representing
Large Interests, Trying Hard to
Form a Combination of
Local Jobbers.
The price of lumber will be advanced in
this city in a few days if present plans
for the formation of a local lumber pool
are successful, and the indications are
that the deal is about completed. The
advance will be at least {2 per thousand
feet. This is admitted by the lumber
men. ¦>J't'3vi?^
The fact that a pool is forming has
been kept quiet. One of the members of
the committee of three having the deal
in charge denied that he had any knowl
edge that there would be an increase in
rates, and insisted that all that was in
contemplation was the apportionment of
territory so that one lumberman would
not approach the customers of another.
The committee had agreed not to say
anything about the pool until all the lum
ber dealers in the city had signed an
agreement. There were several who have
been holding out and refusing to sign, but
the larger men in the business had hopes
yesterday that all would soon be in.
The plea is made that the price of lum
ber has been badly cut in this city, owing
to competition. Walter Sutton said that
lumbermen had been selling lumber at $1-4
per thousand in this city, and that the
competition had been very sharp and de
moralizing. The cargo price had been $15
per thousand, and the dealers had lately
been doing business at a loss. Besides
Mr. Sutton, the other members of the
committee are Hugh M. Cochran. man
ager of the Union Lumber Company, and
George L. Swett of Swett, Loop & Daven
port. ¦ ¦:.,::
___-^^-_ WARNER'S REMEDIES.
lit TT\ T^A\7l
1H liL x IU-UAYI
|J:;-^^^^^^^>^ "To-morrow, didst thou say?" asked Cotton;
*" s^|>r "Go to; I will not hear of it. Wisdom disclaims the
; Jr word, nor holds society with those that own it 'Tis
W^*\\S anc y' 5 child, and Folly is its father."
j,''<~£r Ths time to do is TO-DAY. Prrcraitination has
P vV c^ brought to the grave thousands who shco'd b: living.
Heed Nature's sign a s of warning and heed them TO-DAY.
It is easy to stay the rivulet, but the river's end is the s?a.
Do net a low disea c, through negligence, to get the bitter of
you. H:al his everything; keep it and the word is yours;
let :t s ip irotn yoa and al! is lost.
Kidney dic*se is th: m st ins'dicus o: all mortal disras-s,
because the kidneys have few neives or sensation, and the first
indication that you arc in tre outer c re'e of the whirlpool is
through symptoms — such as headaches, dull, heavy, tired
feelings, fickle, scanty, h gh-co'ored fluids, with ?edim nt on
standing, or too prcfuse and pate in color, with little cr no
sediment, dimn ss of visicn, sleepes-.ness, for;b:dings or evil,
r.ervousnes-, pallor, palpitation on slight exertion, etc., etc.
Shculd any of these symptoms manifest themse yes, make no
delay. Kaste, for your very life, before the dread Eright's
disease — a disease so terrible that physicians hold out no hope
of cure— fastens itse f upon you.
Warner's Safe Cure cures all foms of kidney disease*
There is no doubt atout it. Thousands of he nest and >^
gratcf 1 people say so, and say it eniphatica'ly. You are Js^\
making no exce hnent in using Warner's Sa'e Cure —
a scientific vegetable preparation with a rcputafon /^ i^iif
of twe-.ty-one years of success behind it. Save ¦j/
youseif and the happiness o' all you hold dear, /S^ sflil&
b y - doing what your conscience and your >^^^^^^^^^^
reason tell you to do, ard begH d:ing it y^^^^^^w^S^
TO-DAY!
This obstacle has been removed and the
work will be vigorously prosecuted.
The board also directed the chief en
gineer to prepare plans and specifications
for the new Fishermen's wharf to be built
at the foot of Taylor street, inside the
new breakwater which is now under con
struction:
Dameron's Doctor Bill.
Trial; of the suit of Dr. John D. Dam
eron'against the estate of J.. P. Dameron,
deceased, was commenced ! yesterday be
fore. Judge Daingerfield. The plaintiff is
suing to recover J6OOO for medical services
rendered : deceased prior to his death. A
number of physicians testified that the
doctor's bill was reasonable. :
Business and Professional Men
Take their lunches at Zlnkand'a; service and
cuisine the' bent In thr city. . • •
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
ARTHUR PERRIMAN
He Disappeared About Six Weeks
Ago and No Trace of Him Can
Be Found.
The mysterious disappearance of Arthur
Perriman, a solicitor for the Mutual Life
Insurance Company, who lived at 119 Lar
kln street, is puzzling his friends and the
police. His disappearance was reported
March 9 and since then Detective T. B.
Gibson has been working on the case, but
has not been able to obtain a clew.
Perriman had been sick and despondent
and left a note for the landlady of the
house that he was going 'to a hospital to
have an operation performed.' He had con
siderable money when last seen. All the
hospitals in the city have been visited,
but Perriman was not in any of them.
He is an unmarried man, thirty-six
years of age. but looks much younger. He
is 5 feet S or 9 inches tall, slender build
and very thin; light complexion, blue
eyes, sandy mustache and brown hair.
OFFICER JOHN KELLY
SHOWED HE WAS BOSS
John Martinson, a Gunsmith, Has
His Family Troubles Aired
in Court.
John Martinson, who has a gunshop at
Clementina and Sixth streets, was charged
before Judge Conlan yesterday with dis
turbing the peace. He lives on Shipley
street, between Fifth and Sixth streets,
and on the evening of April 13 he went
home under the inlluencd of liquor. He
has a wife and six children. The eldest
two are daughters and one is married.
Emma, who is eighteen jears of age, v is
keeping company with George Nelson, a
young man living, close by. ...
Martinson began quarreling with his
family about sending JS to his son-in-law
in Seattle to help bring him home. He
said he did not -want any more sons-in
law of that kind, hinting at Nelson.
Emma went and told Nelson and he re
turned with ¦ her to the house and de
manded an explanation. Martinson
showed fight. and Nelson was getting the
better of .the' scrap, when Patrolman John
Kelly appeared. Kelson had been warned
of the officer's approach and cleared out.
When Kelly appeared Martinson Jumped
on the table: and' said "I'm boss here."
Kelly said he would show him who was
boss and placed him under arrest. Mar
tinson resisted and. according to his wife,
Kelly hit her husband four times with his
club. The Judge found Martinson guilty
and ordered 1 him to appear for sentence
this morning. . ' ".
SALARIES OF CHINESE
INSPECTORS REDUCED
They Must Los- Considerable Money
Until the End of the Fiscal
Year.
There was a gloomy time in the Chinese
Bureau yesterday morning, when each
member received an official envelope an
nouncing that from April 19 until June 30
of this year the salaries of each would be
reduced from $4 to J3 per day. Chief
Dunn's salary of $8 was reduced to $6 and
Dr. Gardners salary of $t> for the dual
position of inspector and translator was
reduced to 54.
In making the announcement yesterday
Customs Collector Jackson said that he
received notice recently from the Secre
tary of the Treasury that only $ISOO of the
appropriation for the present fiscal year
remained unexpenued, and that it would
be necessary to retrench at once.
It is the intention of the inspectors to
petition the California delegation in Con
gress to add the loss to the appropriation
for the coming fiscal year.
ney from one to the other Is direct, and
can be followed by any sensitive person
who scrutinizes year by year the output
of prose and poetry. It Is not drama
alone that suggests the spirit of weari
ness and gravity which even before the
Queen's death was settling upon the na
tion. The first essays of Bacon, published
in 1597. may be said to usher in this phase
of feeling; the lyric, too. was losing its
first fine careless rapture, and in th»
work of men like Donne was turning to
self-conscious introspection and a more
speculative and thought-freighted feel
ing; while Shakespeare's sonnets, whether
we regard them as personal or dramatic
in method, are the fullest subjective ex
pression that we have of the 3tate of
mind which when Joined to high, imagi
native fervor made straight for tragedy.
Shakespeare himself passed from con
flict Into peace. He gave us during tha
las-t ten years of his life a wonderful
gTOup of dramas of reconciliation — "Tha
Tempest." "Cymbeline." "The Winter's
Tale." Reading them we feel that he was
too great and true a spirit to remain for
ever in the air of storm. But the drama
as a whole moves onward in his success
ors to a melancholy end. They were men
of genius of all but the highest order,
these successors: they Inherited the most
splendid dramatic tradition that the world
had ever seen; they produced wonderful
work. Yet in all this work there is a
subtle- taint. For the drama in them
yields itself to the earth and the pas
sions thereof, and therefore it tries in
vain to escape the deep inner misery that
consumes it. It seeks to escape into ro
mantic beauty with Beaumont and
Fletcher, into satire with Jor.son. In vain.
There is a blight on its beauty, and tha
words that rise to our lips as we read it
are those put again and again into th<»
mouth of his characters by Webster. on<*
of the strongest of these men: "Oh, I am
A complex and wonderfully interesting
development awaited the latter literature
of the renaissance after the death of
Shakespeare. We cannot trace It here.
Even before his death the parting of the
ways had come. For long generations
Enpland was to see no more a Joyous
synthesis between the good. of the flesh
and the rood of the spirit, a hiph ideal
ism founded on knowledge of reality, such
as we find in Spenser. Rather, the na
tion was to see and its literature to re
flect action and reaction between asceti
cism and Indulgence. Puritanism was to
develop on the one hand: on the other,
before the seventeenth century was over,
the degraded drama of the restoration
was to present a last pitiful travesty of
that passion for this world anil the joy»
thereof which had marked the renais
sance. , H*tt
Wellesley College
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALLFOR
STATE CONVENTION,
In accordance with tl^e directions of the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
de'.erated reprejen'-atlves of the Republican
i Party frcm the several States assemble In Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
Elate of Pennsylvania, en TUESDAY, the 19th
day of June. A. D. IMO, at 1J o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nomlnatlns candidates for
the office of President and Vice President of
the United States, and for such other business
as may be brought before faid convention: and
in accordance with the Instructions riven by
fald National Committee, directing that the
Ccr.jresslor.al District dtlesates ihall be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Comm!ttep of each said district. In the same
manner as the nomination of a Representative
In Congress Is made in tald district; therefore,
b« it
Resolved. By th* REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of eald
Stale, that the Congressional ¦ Committee* of
the several Congressional Districts of the State
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to b« held as hereinafter
provided, at which two deifcates shall b»
chosen to represent each of such districts In
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held as aforesaid, and for the
selection of two alternate delesates. to act In
case of the absence of the delegates first choxen.
The selection of the delegates of the Con-
gressional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district. In accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided, That the basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
follow?, to wit: .One delecate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District;
provided, that where any Assembly Dlstrlst
embraces more than cne county, there shall be
cne delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In euch Assembly District,
and one delegate for each SUO votes cast for
Henry T. Gage, Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In H3S. and one delegate for each frac-
tion ol 150 votes or ov»r.
It Is further directed that the delegate*
chosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet In State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, en TUESDAY, the 15th day of May,
l!-0O. at 2 o'clock p. tn., to select four delexates-
at-laree to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act In case the delegates
selected be absent, for the election of a Stata
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such further business as may be brought be- 1
fere the said State Convention.
It Is further directed that where primary j
flections are held the test for voters shall be: :
"I believe In Republican principles and in-
dorse the Rerublican policy and the admin-
istration of President McKlnley, and Intend
to ' support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the ensuing election/
It Is further directed that contests must b«
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional ;
Committee In writing, with a full statement '
of the grounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting of the State convention.
All matters relating to such contest before the
Congressional Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee nt Sacramento, before noon of the 14th
day of May. 1900.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE nt San Francisco. April
C. 1900. E. C. HART. Secretary.
g Ho More Dread of the Dental Chair! "s
5 Teeth extracted and filled absolutely $
P Tvlthout pain by our late scientific me- Q
Q thod. No bleep-froduclns agents or co- _Q
ri came. Thece are the only Dental Par- 'A
>; .Inrs in fan Franclpco that have the W
* patent npi>l:ances and ingredients to ex- Jxs
CO tract, fill and apply gold crowns and *
« porcelain crowns, undetectable from nat- i?
O urol teeth, and warranted for 10 years, W
O without the least particle of pain. Gold O
J5 crowns and teeth without rlaten, gold $3
<5 fllltnps and all other dental work done X
££ painlessly and by specialists. * X
# Gold Crowns, $5; Full Szt &
6 Tectb. $5; Bridgework. $5; $
8 Gold Filliogs, $1 up; Silver |C|
8 F'il'ngs. 50c. g
7- Mfl PI ATF*? f^^<^ S
I New York Dental Parlors, §
I History Bai ding, 723 Market Street, g
A Portland Office— Fourth 'and Morrison •&
O ¦ Streets.. .', Q
o Hours: S to 8: Sundays 10 to 'i.- t Q
£VIBIT OR JORDAN'S GREAT j
diaUSEUGI OF AKATOHY#
A Cfo 1051 VUSZZ? ST. W.. C±*7ti, Z.t.Ctl 2
\ Of The L»re«t Anatomical Museum in the \
0 &G&S&**. *' orld - * v «ak»e«e» cr any contracted i
1. liSSsQ oueate pvsMlvrlrcairodhythealdcu '
9 |S£fal S>pet»»'lnr»tlh.-CMUH. EsL§6yeLatv 9
d fl*3f*A OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ r(V££sa Cenvjlution frrc md ittirtly prlrate \
9 A ATvf If Xl tl " I"^I "^- p"p "* on "" Jr ** h * i«««. a 4
\n i/MH PH-tnt Cure tatr cry cx\e undertaken. V
Amlf jig; Write for Book. rniLOIOPHV«ti
'J I HAnniACE, mailed rxu. (Ar
X n 11' »*luable book for tara) ''..•,"-.¦¦¦ Jk ¦
9 nit JORDAN' 4't'O., 10S1 Market St.. B. F. f
COMMISSION MEN TO
WORK FEWER HOURS
By Vote They Determine That They
Toil Too Long and Adopt
New Standard.
Wholesale fruit dealers and commission
merchants met Tuesday afternoon at the
rooms of the Commission Merchants' Pro
tective Association and took steps to
shorten the business hours of themselves
and others who were not present. The
meeting was called at the instance of H.
M. Jaudin, who presided, and who was of
the opinion that working sixteen hours
per day, which has been the habit of th*
commission and fruit men for years, was
entirely unnecessary hardship. Represen
tatives of about thirty leadlns houses
were in attendance, anad they were per
fectly agreed on the main, pomt — that
twelve hours was long enough to work.
There was considerable discussion con
cerning the hour to begin in the morning
and the hour to stop working at night.
Several propositions were made.
A touch of humor was thrown into the
consideration of the matter by J. J. Duffy,
who suggested when the discussion was in
progress that it would be well to have the
secretary of the meeting address the
wives of the fruit dealers and commission
men and ask them to name the hours.
J. Porter, secretary of the Commission
Merchants' Protective Association, wa3
acting secretary. He declined to send the
letter and the merchants laughed at his
show of discretion. It was finally voted
unanimously as the sense of the meeting
that the business hours should be from 5
a. m. to 5 p. m. In»order to make sure
that the rule should be observed a com
mittee of five was appointed to interview
the transportation eornnanies and see
whether those companies would not agree
not to deliver friegnts to the commission
men earlier than 5 a. m. This proposition
came from A. P. Glannlni of the Scatena
Company. Many fruit men took part in
the discussion, among them being Messrs.
Gianninl, Frank Dalton, J. Wetmore. A.
Campodonico, J. R. Goodall, Garcia Ma
gini. D. Biagi, W. Eveleth, Levy, Meyer.-?,
Xash and Jaudin.
The committee to Interview the trans
portation companies, with instructions to
report within a week, consists of Mr. Mc-
Donough of McDonough & Runyon. A. W.
Porter of Porter Bros. Co., Peter Vucano
vich of J. Ivancovich Co.. J. T. Nash of
Eveleth & Nash and Frank Dalton of the
Dalton Produce Company.
THiE SA2v- FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1900.
PLANS FOR FOUR
PIERS ADOPTED
BY COMMISSION
Shipping Facilities on the
Water Front to Be ) '
Increased.
Car Ferry Slips at Foot of Lombard
Street to Be Removed and Be
constructed — New Fish
ermen's Wharf.
* »
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
yesterday afternoon adopted plans for
four new piers to be constructed between
Union and Lombard streets; also for the
removal of the car ferry slips at Lombard
street from their present positions to sec
tion 3 of the seawall, north of Lombard
street, thus making room for the two
proposed northerly wharves. The plans
contemplate heading the slips to the
northward and as near parallel to the line
of tides as possible. Chief Engineer
Holmes said this would undoubtedly pro
vide the best slips for landing purposes
and give a berth for slip tracks that could
be used at all times, also additional tracks
for switching cars.
Chief Engineer Holmes submitted two
sets of plans for the construction of the
four wharves and the reconstruction of
the two car ferry slips. The other set
had some advantageous features, but also
some disadvantages, one of the chief of
which was that the slip tracks would be
in a bad location, as the vessels lying at
the, pier would be exposed to a ground
swell from the outside, the space for cor-
ral purposes would be contracted and no
additional storage tracks would be sained.
The first set of plans was unanimously
adopted by resolution introduced by Com
missioner Herold and the chief engineer
w.-is directed to prepare specifications for
the work. Bids will be called for within
the next thirty days.
The construction of these additional
wharves will work a great improvement
in the docking facilities of the harbor
front and will be particularly satisfactory
to the north end section. These improve
ments have Ion? been needed, ana the
adoption of plans has been delayed solely
by lack of funds to carry on the work.
7
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORESun, Moon and Tide
Lnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. . Published by official au
thortty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tbe high and low waters occur at
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. .July..
Opening '. 5 10 5 9%
Closing ..6 10 6 9H
¦' :... ¦-.:••: paris.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening '.'. 20 60- 22 05
Closing 20 55 22 00
Flour-
Opening ". 27 10 28 85
Closing : 27 10 28 85
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. April 18.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will cay to-morrow: Some of
the large manufacturers have been In the mar
ket since our last review and have taken some
wool, mostly medium and ground blood do
mestic, both fleece and territory. They, have
purchased a little more freely of medium pulled
wools. The week's business figures up a small
total, however— considerably smaller than that
of the previous week. But as the result of the
looking around on the part of manufacturers
and the taking of sample bags it Is felt by
the trade that an increased business Is about
to develop or Is developing. What business has
been done has been at very ; steady prices,
which are quotably unchanged.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April IS.— CATTLE— Receipts, 14.
500; steers, steady to shade lower; butchers' ¦
stock, steady. Natives — Best on sale to-day,
eight cars at $5 65: good to prime steers, $4 90
05 90; poor to medium, $4 10@4 75; -selected
feeders, $JO4 90; ¦ mixed stockers,' $3 40®3 fes
cows, $3@4 50; heifers. $3 23-tf4 75; canners, $2 25
WASHINGTON, . April IS.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance In the general
fund, exclusive of the $130,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $151,272,574; gold. J56.164 271
London Mirket.
NEW YORK, April 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets were stagnant but steady to-day.
Lord Roberts' censure of Generals Duller and
Warren was much debated, but was not regard
ed as disturbing.
Americans opened off on the break In New
York yesterday and the strike and there was
little doing, but the Continent bought slight
New York became unsettled, selling finally on
the street, closed disheartened. Norfolk and
Western was again the feature, touching 40%
and closing at 40V4. Louisville and Nashville
•was heavy. It Is said that a Liverpool house
Is in difficulty. Tlntos were flat at l»\ on the
copper statistics, but recovered to 60 In Paris
support. ¦•¦•¦•
Th« week's efflux of cold wa* £139,000. Paris
Nezc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April IS.— The uncertainties of
the speculative situation were so great to-day
that operators In stocks maintained a hesitat
ing mood and refrained from active operations.
J'rufessional traders found It difficult to in
duce any following either for an advance or
a decline. The street vat full of discussion
regarding conditions in the iron trade, upon
which the movement of stocks seemed to hinge.
Ther- were plenty of authorities who were
v.illing to be quoted In opposition to the
Flocmy view* exrressed by the chairman of
the American t-teel and Wire Company re
garding the outlook In the trade. News of the
concession in prices in some lines of the steel
trade seemed to sustain his views or were per
haps the results of the expression of those
views. The conflict of opinion brought no
<J'-finjte conclusion either way. the whole
tp^culative situation remaining unsettled.
>'rtce» in' the general list started upward, en
couraged l:y higher prices from London and
unilor in. pulse of antagonism to the bear cam
paicn. which Is alleged to be at the bottom
of the selling of iron and Fteel stocks. Fpecu
laturF. however, lost confidence In their own
views as to the tlnccrity of the unfavorable
opinions expressed cvr the Iron trade outlook
when they saw the iron and steel stocks again
manifesting acute depression. American Steel
and Wire told a point below last night. It
did not get back above last night's price In
the subsequent trading and closed 3% off. The
net lc>« 01 the preferred was 4 i>olnts. Other
iron and si<»el stocks were not co weak. There
fcetrned a Fort of Fpe<ulative duel waging in
Stfel and Wire and Federal Steel, the latter
ttuok civseing the former and closing nearly
a point higher and at a net loss of only V%.
The renewed weakness of tteel stocks being
j>*rceived the opening advances in the general
list bfgan to be conceded. In one or two
of the rallruad t-tockn advances had reached
over a ]«jint. but they were very genera.liy
viped out. The market was extremely Irregu
lar for the rest of the day. The New York
tractions and some of the other specialties
eliowed »valin<-fs. There was a period of
ctrer.pth later In Sugar, General Electric and
toir.e of the railroad stocks, but these maneu
ver? failed to attract any following or to dis
sipate the filing of uncertainty. Net changes
were mostly email and the closing was heavy
and eluKg'Sh. The money market continued to
work eaßifr, call loans dropping to 2% per
cent in the last dealings. The sub-treasury
ie di^bureir.g large sums to the market and
New York t-xchange at Chicago rose to 10 cents
discount ti/-day. compared with 40 cents dls-
COOSt on Monday, indicating a relaxation of
interior demand for currency or perhaps a
cessation of the Belling of stocks for Chicago
¦ tcount. Sterling exchange continues to har
den and lar^e loans are made on sterling col
lateral. This means that London is taking ad
vantage of the lower interest rates here to
borrow money in this market.
The bond market was rather quiet and ir
regular. Total sales, par value, $1.&30.MW.
United States r.ew 4s advanced % in the bid
l>rice.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
&.*GO Atchison ................................ 2€*) i
21.090 Atchison prefd 70%
17.C24 Baltimore & Ohio 56%
¦. Canadian Pacific T«6?»
470 Canada Southern 64
4.146 Chesapeake & Ohio 31 T *
2,100 Chicago Great Western IJ>4
11.063 Chicago. Burlington & -Quincy 12« V«
LOOO Chicago. Ind & Louisville 215%
100 Chicago, Ind £-. Louisville prefd £6
Chicaco & liastTn Illinois 103
200 Ofcicapo & Northwestern 161
X.USE Chl.-atn. Rork Island & Pacific 110%
1.70 C C C C & St Louis 62
mm Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern !st prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2<J prefd 16%
121 TJelaware & Hudson 115%
Delaware. Lackawanna & Western. l 76
1,100 l>enver & Rio Grande 20%
£20 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71%
200 Erie 13H
HI Erie Ist prefd 41«4
SOO Great Northern preW IS9
• Hocking <V>a! is%
?20 Hocking Valley 39
Illinois Central 114^
1010 lowa Central lg
' lowa Central rrefS *i 2
"i'i'in Kanras City, P'tlrtmr* & Gulf IK%
1 £20 Lake ICrle & W» s tern 31
I .. I^ke "Brie & Western prefd 94
. . Lak<? Fhr>re 200
"4 470 ]>iu!sville *- Nashville M»4
s'43o Manhattan Elevated &4>4 :
11 '' I *7 Metropolitan Street Railway 158%
7S.i'« Mexican Owitrrl 14: 4
¦400 Minneapolis & St Louis 63
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 34
"?s'ino MlMourl Pacific ts%
"'•jo Mobile & Ohio 45
' Missouri. Kansas & Texas 11%
"r'l'-ft Vlssf.uri. Kansas St Texas pr*M SK
' intt New .Wsey Central 118
-on New York Central 13.VK
H c:r, JCorfolic * Western 39%
TA Norfolk ft Western prefd 7«
13 iy» Northern Pacific X*4
1*260 Northern Pacific prefd ;.... 76><;
1130 Ontario & Western .. ; . 2414'
....... Oregon Railway A Navigation 42 f
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 84*4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — . * 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars <8% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Spot and future quotations are
both lower, with a dull market
Liverpool declined slightly and Chicago fell
off at the opening, with some liquidation and
selling on short account. There were more
buyers than sellers, however. The weather was
wet. Later on the pressure became somewhat
relieved, and the Ehorts began to cover on the
strength In Corn and the reported, taking "of
150,000 bushels for export.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96V4c; milling,
CU ' CALL BOARD FALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— December—
16,000 ctls. $1 03^; May— 2ooo, 95Hc.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 03%;
SOOO, $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo ctls,
$1 03%; May— lB,ooo. 95V4c
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report.
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and C5(&72%c for off
grades. Brewing and . Shipping grades, 80©
87% c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 71c.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 74% c.
OATS — Offerings are neglected and quota
tions are nominal.
White, $1 10f(il 30; Red, 9jcSsl 17%; Gray.
$1 (HVz&l 15: Black. $I®l 03. *
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at $1 05@
1 07% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 12%'rf
1 17U rer ctl: mixed, ?1 12 1 - per ctl.
RYE— 95@97%c per ctl. There is rather more
Inquiry.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out ¦20,182 barrels
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 Co©3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40<g3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 2D©3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Uye
Meal, ?2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Grsatß. $4 60: Hominy, $3 25<fr3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $lf?4 23: Cracked Wheat, $3 25;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6ft7 23; In sacks. $5 75©7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
ICO lbs.:
Hay and Feedstuff s
•
The old quotations still rule, and the mar
kets are featureless.
BRAN— $l2@l3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6^I9 per ton.
FEE DSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; jobbing.
127 50<g2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn Meal.
$23 50Q24; Cracked Com, :24@24 50; Mixed Feed,
$15 E0; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good; $3 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
J6 sOfi9; Oat. $6@B; Barley. $5@7; Alfalfa, $6#
7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2SQ3SC per bale. •
Beans and Seeds.
The markets under this head show little
change from day to day, biislness being very
dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 23; email White. $3 25®
3 50; large White. $3CO@3 25; Pink. $2 25® 2 90;
Red *3 6Ofi?3 75- Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal;' LlmaV $5 25; Pea. $3 40@3 50; Red Kidneys.
*3 0004.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4%@4?ic; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary,
3Uc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9@loc; Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp. 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2 25; Green. $1 90
<g2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are dull at the reduced prices. Re
ceipts of new are thus far small. Potatoes are
dull and unchanged.
String Beans appeared from Vacaville, sell-
Ing at 18c per lb. Horse Beans sold at 4c.
Mexican Tomatoes are expected on to-day's
steamer.
Receipts were 110S boxes Asparagus, 857
boxes Rhubarb, 854 sacks Peas and 405 sacks
New Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Roge, 65c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks, 40@60c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks 50Q.S5c; Sweet Potatoes, for
Merced: New Potatoes. l@2c. .
ONIONS— New Red, $4; Old Yellow, $5@6;
Australian. $7ff?S per ctl.'
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 40c©$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, 75c<5$l 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 50(Sl 73 for No. 1 and $2©2 2o for fancy
large"; Green Peas. 75c(g$l 25 per sack for com
mon and $150 for Garden; String Beans, 100
12% c; Cabbage, 40<@50c; Tomatoes, $1 25@2; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, 8«&12%c; Dried Okra,
32>*c Per lb; Garlic, s®6c; Green Peppers from
Los Angeles. 10S'15c; Dried Peppers, 8@10c;
Carrots 25®35c per sack; Los Angeles Summer
Squash. $I©l 50 per box; Cucumbers, 50c©$l per
dozen; Marrowfat Squash, $40 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues firm and there Is no accu
mulation of stock. Game is nominal, with in
significant receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12@13c for Gob
blers and 13SHcfor Hens; Geese, per pair,
$175®2; Goslings. $2 25®2 50; Ducks, $4 50@5
for old and $5 60®7 for young: Hens. $4@5 30;
Young Roosters, $6 50©7; Old Roosters, $4@5:
Fryers. $5 5006; Broilers. $4@5 for large and
$2 5C@3 for small: Pigeons. $1 73@2 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Har«, $I@l 25; Rabbits. $1 23®1 50;
Gray Geese $2@2 50; White, 50c; Brant. $1 25®
1 50; English Snipe. $2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. ;
Eggs continue to shade off and dealers are
complaining of (Increasing stocks. Most of them
are storing arrivals every day.
Butter and Cheese have not changed for some
days.
BUTTER— re. ¦:•:-¦-: ;- :
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, 16
@16% c. ,
Dairy— Fancy. 15%@16c; good to choice, 14%@
15c: common. 14c.
CHEESE— New, 7%@Bc: Young America, 8@
B%c: Eastern, 16®17c: Western. 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13%@14e for store and 14%
@15c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Prices show little change. Oranges excepted.
They went lower at the, auction and were also '
off in the open market. Six cars were auctioned
at $1 75©2 75 for fancy Navels, $1 63@1 90 for
choice do, $1 15@1 45 for - choice, $ljf 190 for
seedlings and $H< 2 for Lemons.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 7Sc@S2 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— S4«6 per chest for large
and $6,311 for small berries. Receipts were
184 chests. Blackberries from the south, •—.
CHERRIES— SI 75©2 75 per box. Receipts
were 3S boxes. ' . ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2£3 25
per box; Seedlings, $I@2; -Lemons," $lu'l 59
for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Shipping Intelligence.
AMOVED.
Wednesday, April IS.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Mackinaw. Uttlefleld. 83 hours from
?trar Matteawan. Croscup. 83 houm from Ta-
C °Stmr Empire. "Nelson. 51 hours from Coo«
Stmr Sequoia. Wlnkel. 46 hour* from Saa
Tvs Samson. Stream, 90 hours from Astoria,
with barsre Washougal in tow.
Schr Guide. Olsen. S days from Wlllapa Har-
Schr Archie and Fontle. Skipper. 1« hour»
from Timber Cove.
Barge Washouzal. Senerud, 93 hjurs from
Astoria. In tow of tug Samson.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, April IS.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder. Panama; P M
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Tartar. Pybus. \ ancouver. B C; L
S Government.
Br stmr Moana. Carey. Sydney and Honolulu;
J D Soreckets & Bros Co. J^
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Chema!nu*7
R Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Bark Undaunted. Davidson. Bristol Bay; Pa
cific Steam Whaling Co. _-„,,
Bark Ceylon. Wilier. Honolulu; Williams.
D Schr Mary°Sachs. Bain. Unalaska: Hossel-
m £h r r C-harie^Hanson. Dannevig. Bristol Bay;
Sacramento River and P Association.
SAILED.
Wednesday. April IS.
Stmr Sunol. Green. Eureka.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
«tmr Alcha. Jorgenson. Crescent City.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder. Panama, etc.
Ftmr Navarro. Jensen. Black Point.
Stmr President, Anderson. Bristol Bay.
Stmr Kadlak. Haaven, Karluk.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hinkel. Seattle.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Cheiaalmn.
Br stmr Moana, Carey, Honolulu aad Syd
n< Bark Undaunted. Davidson. Bristol Bay.
Bark Ceylon, Wilier. Honolulu.
Fchr Penelope. Hoffman, whaling.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson, Bowens Landing.
Schr Chas Hanson. Dannevlg, Bristol Bay.
Sohr Chas L Woodbury. Falkmaa. KodlaJt.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April IS. 10 p m— "Weather
cloudy: wind west, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April I*-Blrta
Geo C Perkins, from Honolulu.
Sailed April 18— Schr Francis Alice, for Cap*
Nome: schr Gen McPherson. for Cape Nome.
GREENWOOD— Arrived April 18— Stmr Alca
traz, hence April 17; stmr Greenwood. henc«
A BLACK POlNT— Arrived Asrtl I*-Stmr Na
varro, hence April 17.
CAPE FLATTERY— Passed la April X 7— Br
ship Drummulr. from Honolulu. ? o v
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April I.— ScSr
COOS BAY-Salled Aprli 13— Schr Melancthon.
f °BA P NDON a - Filled April 13 - Schr Bender
Brothers, for San Francisco.
TACOMA-Arrlve.l A.-ril IS c!^?,Jf!?- G<r r
beth. from Hlogo: schr SuxPtam
SalleJ Arrll IS-Schr Wm Renton. for San
P^F \TTLE-Sal!ed April I*-Bark Vldette for
RedondV: schr Nellie G Thurston. for Cap*
April IS-Stmr Pasadena,
Anril IS-Stmr State ot
C f^Ul T^ S^a%ril IS-Stmr Nation
al City, for San Francisco.
EASTER.V PORT.
NOKFOLK-Sailed Aaril 17— Br »tmr Acara.
for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYMAS-Falled April 17— Stmr Curaca©,
f °LlV*EKroo£-Arrived April 4_Br ship Port
Patrick, nerve N»v 10. April 17-Br ship Lang-
ship Duchalburn. for San
March 31-Nor baric Gud
nv fr.rn Newcastle. NSW.
PR\WI E POlNT— Passed April IS— Br ship
Lcudon Hill, from Newcastle. Ensland. for San
April 12-Br bark Senator.
'"gUaVmjUIL— Sailed April 3— G«r stmr Octa
vli for Fan Francisco.
MAURITIUS— Sailed March 30— Br ship Sierra
Lucena. tor San Francisco, via Newcastle,
* SYDNEY— Arrived Prior to April IS— Stmr
Martp'-.sa. hence March 21.
HAMBURG— In rort March 23— Br shlo Aca-
maa for San Francisco.
PARRY— Sailed April 7— Br ship Klrkhlll. for
San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— In port Feb 27— Br ship Clan
Marpherson. for Astoria.
HONGKONG — Arrived April 17— Br itmr Em
preis of India, from Vancouver.
Arrived prior to April 18— Jap stmr Klnshul
Maru. from Seattle.
Sailed March I— Br ship Allerton. for As
toria. March 7— Ship Emily Reed, for Port
Totrnsend.
SHANGHAI— In port March 13 — Br bark Ly<l
rate. for Astoria.
HIOGO— In Dcrt April I— Ger ship Mabel
Rtckmera. for Astoria.
PORT ELIZABETH— In port. Nor baric
Stjorn, for Astoria.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Arrived Aoril IS— Stmr Cnflc,
from Liverpool: stmr Teutonic, from Liverpool-
Sailed April IS— Stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool;
stmr New York, for Southampton: stair West
ernlaml. for Antwerp.
HONGKONG— Arrived Drior to Arri! IS— Stmr
Kinshu Maru. from Seattle. April 13— Stmr City
of Dublin, from Tacoma, via Hlogo. etc.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived prior to April IS—
Stmr Mariposa. from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, etc.
LONDON— Arrived April IS— Stmr Manltou,
from NeV York, etc.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Anrtl 17— Stmr Phoe
nicia, from New York, for Hamburg.
BOULOGNE— S«iie<l April IS— Stmr EaUv'a.
from Hambursr. for New York. A
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed April IS — Ptmr"
Saale. from Bremen, for New York
Arrived Aaril IS— Stmr St Louis, from V«*
York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April IJ-Stmr B«*S«a
land, for Philadelphia.
Charters.
The iteamer Tyr lo»ds merchandise for Vlad
ivostok.
The Elginshire loads mheat on the Sound for
Europe. 42* 3d.
The Brodlck Castle and Lisbeth load lumber
on the Sound for United Kingdom. 47s 6d.
The Topgallant loaJs lumber at Port Blake
ley for Hur.gkcng.
Flour and Wheat Exports
"Exports of flour from thts port during the
first nine irst-r.ths of the crop year were &31.740
barrels, against 672. E15 during the same time
last crop year. Reducing this flour to a wheat
Lusls a:id adJlng it to the exported wheat
fives total wh*-at exports for the nine months
of :.C72.2'"0 centals., valued at 57.430.730. against
J,37£,6W> centals at $4,444,000 the previous year.
Weather Report.
CTJth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April :s— s p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as oompaicd with those of same date last
(season, and rainfall ia last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 47.26 31.55
lied Bluff O.O) 20.53 15. 37
t-acrarriento 0.0) 16.40 13. 9 i
San Francisco 0.03 17. 59 15.3-?
Krctr.o 0.00 7.35 6.76
InJ<r)x?ndence 0.0) 2.78 1.16
Luis Oblspo 0.00 15.26 14.77
Loa Armeies 0.00 5.C8 4.7H
Fan Diego O.fr) 2. 38 4.3S
Vun.a 0.00 0.79 1.34
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
t*: minimum. 47; mean, 12.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the up
per Missouri Valley and slowly along the Pa
cific Coast north of Fan Francisco.
The f-mperature has risen over the Rocky
Mour.tain region a.nd eastward. Over Oregon
and Washington there has be«n a fall of 10 de
trees or more. At Portland there has been a
••all of £2 degrees in the post twenty-four hours.
In the valleys of California the temperatures
are mil decidedly above the norma
Forecast made ¦ at San Francisco for thirty
hours endir.R midnight. April 19. 1SO0:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday: cooler
in the San Joaquin Valley; southwesterly
winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, with fog
on the coast: licht northerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, cooler Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy, cooler Thursday.
Arizr r.a— Fair Tfcursda^.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thursday.
pr< bably breaking away during the day: light
Southerly winds, changing to fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
TO ARRIVE.
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
10,970 Pennsylvania 137H
700 Reading 18%
7.500 Reading Ist prefd.. 59* i
2.100 Reading 2d prefd 31 3 i
Rio Grande Western 53%
Rio Grande Western prefd 87%
100 St Louis & San Francisco 10» 4
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 63
SOO St Louis & Fan Fran 2d prefd 36*4
650 St Louis, Southwestern 12
3.C70 Pt I-ouls, Southwestern prefd 32%
17.E50 Pt Paul 172%
Ft Paul prefd 112'-
St Paul &. Omaha 119
17.373 Southern Pacific 39 l #
1.2«> Southern Railway 13 T n
1.2C5 Southern Railway prefd fS^i
1.410 Texas & Pacific 2">4
2t'.:i'O Union Pacific 67H
3.!'75 Union Pacific prefd 75H
2PO Wabash SVs
3.1:0 Wabash prefd 23
ILO Wheeling & L E 13%
1.4".0 Wheeling & L E 8d prefd 30
I.6CC Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies—
Adams 120
An-.erlcan 145
110 United States 45
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
900 American Cotton Oil 36
American Cotton Oil prefd 99
American Malting 4
130 American Malting prefd 2«
1.30") Arr.fr Smelting & Refining 37%
777 Air>r Smelting & Refining prefd 89
American Spirits 2U
American Spirits prefd 17
S.liO American Steel Hoop 27%
1.2K5 American Steel Hoop prefd 73
65.325 American Steel & Wire 41%
12.46 American Fteel & Wire prefd 77^»
470 American Tin Plate 29
3SO American Tin Plate prefd 79*4
10,475 American Tobacco 102%
American Tobacco prefd 133
. I<W Anaconda Mining Co 45%
15.1R5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73U
710 Colorado Fuel A- Iron 43%
3,770 Continental Tobacco 28 7 »
223 Continental Tobacco prefd ..* Si's
26.f.93 Federal Steel 42V
2.CM Federal Steel prefd 69*4
6.420 General Electric 13$
656 Glucose Sugar 45%
Glucose Sugar prefd 98
I.QM International Paper 21
425 International Paper prefd 63
100 Laclede Gas 72
335 National Biscuit 32%
100 National Biscuit prefd SS
National Lead 23
National Lead prefd 104*4
Z.'ZO National Steel 39'
427 National Steel prefd .' 9014
New York Air Brake 125
North American 15
Pacific Coast 51%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 62
1.000 Pacific Mall 33%
12,350 People's Gas iO3«i
150 Pressed Steel Car 49%
Pressed Pteel Car prefd SI
255 Pullman Palace Car ISO
Standard Rope & Twine 6%
60.750 Sugar 106%
Pußar prefd m
4.630 Tennessee Coal & Iron R5»4
4.2T.0 United States Leather 11%
S.S7O United States Leather prefd 70
1/C5 T'nited States Rubber 32V4
320 I'nited States Rubber prefd 97%
4<7 Western Union S2
7f«) Republic Iron & Steel is%
623 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 61U
P C C & St Louis 63
1.000 Third Avenue U3
551,300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
C S 2s rfdg, when N V Cent Ists 110%
Issued 103 N J Cent gen E5.... 123%
do 2s reg 99% do 4s <t3'i
do 3s reg 109»4 M X & T 2ds 69
do coup 110 No Carolina 6s 127
do new 4s reg 132% do 4s 106
do coup 133% No Pac 3s 6*%
<3o old 4s reg 114% do 4s 103%
do coup 114% N V C & St L 45.107V4
do 5s reg 112%{Norf &. W con 45.. 97'»
do coup 113*4 do gen 6s 134
Dls of Col 3.655...121% ! 0r Nay Ists ICS 1
Atchison gen 45...1C0*i4! do 4s 103%
do adj 4s S4%Or S Line 6s 128' i
Can So 2.1s 107>4l do con 5s 113% i
Ches & Ohio 4%5..100 [Reading gen 4s ... 88** !
do 5s 120%'R G W Ists 99%!
C &N W con 75. .142 St L i I M con f.5.110% '
do S F <!eb 65.. ..122 St L& S F gen 6j.121 I
Chi Term 4s S7 £t Paul cons 172' !
D & R G Ists 104 Ft PC & Pac Ists. l2o i
do 4s 99* i do 6s 121
ETVa & Ga lsts.lo2'4 So Ry 5s 113 I
Erie gen 4s 74 S Rope & T 6s 72 s * 1
Ft W & D C Ists.. 72 T*nn new set 35... 6514 i
Gen Elec 5s 117% Texas & Pac 15t5. .113 I
GH&S A 6s 10a% do 2ds 60 1
do 2ds 107 .Union Pac 4s 106
H& T Cen 5s 110 Wabash Ists US
do con 6s 110 ¦ do 2'ss 103
lowa Cent Ists 114V4West Shore 4s 114%
KCP & G Ists.... 72% Wis Cent Ists 92 '
La new con 4s 10<*%Va cent 91%
L & Nash unl 45. .100%' do deferred 5
So Pac 4s S4%iColo & Sou 4s 54%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario t. S 00 '
Crown Point 15Ophlr 73 i
Con Cal & Va 1 CO Plymouth 12 j
peadwood f>o. quicksilver 1 50 !
Gould & Curry 26iQylcksilver prefd.. 7 00 j
Hale & Norcross... SS Sierra Nevada 50
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 45
Iron Silver 66' Union Con 30
Mexican 34 Yellow Jacket SO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Union Pacific 67V,
Call lons 3%@4% Union Land '
Time loans 4 4/5 West End 93
Stocks— SVoftlnghse Elec... 45
AT& S F 26H Bonds—
A T & S F prefd... 7l>V Atchison 4s 100
American 5ugar. ..106%l NE Gas&Coke ss. 6s*;i
Am-Sugar prefd. ...lll \ Mining Shares—
Beli Telephone 317 iAdventure 4%
Boston & Albany.. 244 lAllouez Mln Co 2'
Boston Elevated.... 144 lAmalg Copper 33
Boston & Maine.. ..190 'Atlantic 25
Chgo, Bur & Q 126%!lVston & Mont 313
Dominion Coal ... 44% Butte & Boston... 75
Dom Coal prefd ...115% 'Calumet & Hecla. .743
Federal Steel 42% Centennial 21
Fed Steel prefd 70 Franklin 15U
Fitchburg prefd ...131% Osceola C7U
General Electric. ..l3S :Parrot 4514,
Gen Elec prefd.. ..136 'Qulncy 13S "
Ed Elee 111 205 Santa Fe Copper... 5*4 !
Mexican Central... 14** Tamarack 190
N E Gas&Coke ss. 6s%. Utah Mining 31% I
Old Colony 207 Wlnona 4% i
Old Dominion 19T* Wolverines 40' a
Rubber 32 i
Mexican Limes. $4 50©5: Bananas. $1 2502 60
per bunch; Pineapples, $4@5 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Reported offerings of new Prunes and Apri
cots for future delivery are denied by the local
trade, who say that there has been no business
of the sort, nor is any expected for some time
to come. , ?, ,
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. !n sacks. 4%c for
40-50's, 4c for 50-60" s, 3%@3%c for 60-70 b 3U ®
3%c for 70-80's. 3@3%c -for 80-90's and 2%c for SO
100's: Apricots. 11@12%c for Royals, 12%glac
for Moorparks and 12@13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches sV^«l6c for Standards, 6%®6%c tor
choice and 7®Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®
]2%c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried. 5@
5%c per lb; Nectarines, S@9c: Pears. 3%W4%c
for dark and 7@Bc for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2<g2V.c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, B@9c; unbleached Plums, 7@7%c for
pitted and l%c for unpitted. •
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson s— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, S%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c;
prime sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5%c;
3-crown,- 6'/ic: 4-crown, 7c; London- Layers,
2-crown, $150 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, B@9e for standards and
9frloc for softshells; Almonds, 11%@12c for
paper shell, 9«jloc for soft and 4®sc for hard
shell; Peanuts, 6%®6%c for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%@3c; Filberts,
12(212%c: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50#5.
HONEY— Comb 11%?£12c for bright and 10%^
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
7?*e: light amber extracted, 7}i@7%c; dark.
s</.@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions
The market is very stiff and another advance
Is expected in a few days. Cottolene is higher.
The anticipated advance In Hams. Bacon and
Lard has occurred, going into effect to-day.
The Western markets are very firm. Supplies
are light everywhere.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14% c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13%@14c; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prim*
Pork. $14 60@15; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50:
Smoked Beef. 12%@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®Bc per lb for
compound and S%@9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 9Uc;' 10-lb tins. 9»4c: 5-Ib tins. 10% c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, S%g«%c per* lb; 10-lb
tlnß, 9»4c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lOtfillc; medium. 9%c; light, 9tT9%cr Cowhides,
9@9%c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9®9%c; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, 18@19c; culls and brands,
15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16@17c: Dry Calf, 19@
20c; Sheopsklns* shearlings. 15030 c each; short
Wool, 35060 c each; medium, 70'S90c: long Wool,
%Wl 25 each: Horse Hides, $2 25@3 for large
and $1 25® 175 for small; Colts, 23@50c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins. 40c; fall or medi
um skins, 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Gcat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 73c; large and smooth,
60c; medium. Sic.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@3%c per lb; No.
2, 4ft4V-c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, lStfHSc; Northern defective, U©
lCc: Middle County, free, 16<g'17c: Middle
County, defective, 13©15 c; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12i??14c; do, free, 7 months', 12015 c;
do, defective, 7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20^230: Nevada. 16@18c per lb.
HOPS-6%510c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule.
BEEF— 6@6?ic per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6%@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; ewes, 6%@7c per
lb.
LAMU— Spring. S®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@6%c for small and
medium and 5%©5% c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, sU©s%e; dressed Hogs, 7@S!ic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Vi€6%c; Wool Bags. 25%@32%c;
Fleece Twine-, 7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton $S; .Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6 50: Bryant. *6 50; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $i;
Co-operative Wallsend. $S: Cumberland. $12 in
bulk and $13 25 In'saclcs; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $11: Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. $15
per 'on In bulk and $17 In sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, S3 45 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb In 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, s.6f>c; Powdered,
5.COc; Candy Granulated, 5.20 c: Dry Granulated.
5.10 c; Confectioners' A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c;
Extra C, 4.60 c; Golden C. 4.. r ioc; barrels, 10c
mire; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
fir-ifo bags. 10c more. No orders taken for lees
than 73 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
h.'lf-liarro's. S.SSe; boxes. 6.10 c p«-r lb.
LUMBER— The Grace Dollar took for Guay
mas 416.261 feet, valued at $3361.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.— Coal Oil
is lower. Water-white Coal Oil, in bulk. 13% c;
Pearl Oil, In cases. 19% c; Astral. 19% c: Star,
13Vic; Extra Star Oil, 23% c: Elaine. 24% c; Eo
cene, 21% c: Deodorized Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
do, cases, 22c; Benzine, in bulk. 15% c; do. cases.
21% c; SB-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 21c; cases, 27c
per trillion.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. APRIL 18.
Flour, qr sks 23,106 Hides. No 322
Wheat, ctls 890 Leather, rolls ... 72
Barley, ctls 4,985 Wine, gals 31,600
Oats, ctls 210 Hay, tons 256
Corn, ctls 4201W001. batrs 109
Cheese, ctls 507! Pelts, bndls 3,591
Hutter. ctls 644 Hides, No 178
Tallow, ctls 221: Beans, sks 350
Quicksilver, risks 100 Potatoes, sks .... 1,002
Eggs, doz 30,540 Onions, sks 160
Sugar, sks 900 Bran, sks 1.K22
Lime, bbls IS2 Middlings, sks ... 100
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were dull on the morning session,
with no changes worthy of note.
Sales were unusually light in the afternoon.
The oil stocks ftood about the same. The
Home Oil dividend will be paid on the 20th
and the Yukon dividend was paid yesterday.
The regular quarterly dividend of 3 per cent
by the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company Is
now payable.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has declared a dividend of 50 cents per
share, payable on the 25th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
WEDNESDAY. April 18—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.AsK.
U S Pnrds— Cent L & P... 3*; —
4s quar c0up..H4?;i13»,; Eqult G L Co. 3>a 3\
4s do reg 114'/*115>4 1 Mutual El Co. — \2%
4s do -p 1 -W..1.J2 — OGL & H 46 —
4s do coup 110 — Pac Gas Imp.. 50 51
Miscellaneous— Pac LCo — <:,
Cal-st fab 65.. 118 120 SF G & E.... 50£ 50^
C C Wat Cs...lO6Vi— San Francisco. 4^ i%
Ed L& P 65. .129 — Stkn G&ECo 10 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 — Insurnroe—
Geary-st R ss. — 92% Flrem's Fund. 226 —
H C & S 5%5. — — Hank Ptc«-k«—
Do 5s ...IOS \W Anglo-Cal Ltd. 66 —
L A Ry55....104 104% Bank of Ca1. ..405 —
LAL Co 65... — — CaJ SD & T1.104 106%
Do gntd 65.. 93 100% First National. — z.-o
Do gntd 55.. — 101 I.on P & A... 132 —
LA& P R 55. 102 — Merchants' Ex 15 * —
Market-st 65..128V4 — Savings Banks-
Do Ist m r.5..H6% — Nev Nat Bk — —
NCN G R 75. 108% — Ger S & L..1550 —
NR of Cal 65. 11314 — Hum S& L. — —
NP of Cal 55. 115% — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NPC R R 65. 104% — S F Say U.. 512% —
NPC R R i 5.107y 4 — Say & L So. 74 7»
N Cal R R 65. 112 — Sec Say Bk. — —
Oak « L&H.'.b.lO'i — Union T Co. — —
Oak Tran 65..114ViH5 Street R;t:»ron,li—
nnk W Ca .V«.. — M 5% California 121 122
Oceanic S C 0..106. .106 — Geary-st CO —
Om C Ry 65. .125 — Market-st Ry. CJ 6.V4
P & Cl Ry 6s. — — O S L & H... — 50
P & Cl -Ry 68.104% — IPresldlo 16 —
P&O R R 6s. — — Pnwder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.H7 — California 152%165
P.t- L * GRis. so — Giant Con Co. 82 S3
SF & SJV 53.116% — Vlgorlt 3% 3%
H Ky «-f <"a' Gs.lll'a — Sugar Stocks—
SPof A 65. ..112% — < Hana S P Co.. 9 9^
SPC 6s UWSMOaH — Haw C4S Co BS% 90
Do (1906) ....111 — iHonokaa S Co. 33 33<£
Do (1912) HSU — iHutch S P Co. 26% 27
Do Ist eg ss. — — Kllauea S Co. 21% 22%
X P Br fis 127<412«H Makaweli S Co 4SU 48H
6 V Water 6s. 114^1"% Onomea S Co.. 28 29
Do 4s ..:... ..104V»104% Paauhau S Co. 32 32U
S V W (3dm). 102 — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 Al Pack Assn. llB —
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.los 106
Contra Costa.. Ss*« 65% Mer Ex Assn.. — ion
Marin County. 60 — Oceanic S Co.. 94 95%
Spring Valley. 95 — Pac AF A 2 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co. 10 —
Mornlnr Session.
Board— - ? :'"../
$1000 Contra Costa Water 5s joe 23
$10,000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 104 25
200 Paauhau S P. Co 3200
20 Market Street Railway $3 25
. 30 Onomea S C 0..... }s 25
170 Onomea S Co 23 00
15 Honokaa S Co 33 25
215 Makaweli S Co «s 25
70 Makaweli S Co <g 75,
1 Spring Valley Water...: 96 00
10 Spring Valley Water 95 50
33 Spring Valley* Water.... 95 23
15 Hutchlnson S P Co.. 25 50
30 Gas & Electric Co 50 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
85 Honokaa S C 0..... 33 25
CO Honokaa S Co 33 iju
20 Gas & Electric Co.. 50 25
Ml Gas & Electric C 0....... 50 37U
5 Contra Costa Water 65 25
-30 Spring Valley Water...; •.. 95 25
15 : Spring Valley Water 95 i»u
. 6 Spring Valley Water \. v 95 00
Steamer Movement
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange undisturbed.
Wheat a fraction lower. ; Minor cereals dull.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Hay and Feed stuffs quiet.
Coal Oil declined i-2c per gallon.
Further advance in Provisions expected. Cottolcnc higher.
Nothing doing in Dried Fruits.
Fresh Fruits selling off well. ( ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables featureless.
Poultry firm at the fair prices.
Eggs continue weak. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Meats as previously quoted.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the !*f
hanci column and the successive tides of th*
clay ir the order of occurrence an to tlm». Th-»
M-cond time column gives the second tide t,{
the day. the third time column the third tl-!»
and the last or right hand column gives th^
last tide of the day. except when there are bu
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The helght.-i
given are In addittcn to the sounrflnss on th»
United States Coas: Survey charts, except
when a minus sien (— ) precedes th» height.
anj then the number given Is suMractM from
th» depth given by the charts. Th* plane o'
reference is th*» mean of th<» lower |nw wit^r*:.
©2 80; bulls. $2 So®4 25; calves, $4 50@6 50. Tex
ans—Best on sale to-day, three cars at $4 so;
fed steers. $4£4 25; bulls. $S 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 28,000: estimated to
morrow. 25,000; left over, 5000; fairly active, ac
to 10c lower. Top, $5 80; mixed and butchers,
$5 50@5 57%; good to choice heavy. $5 60®5 So:
rough heavy. $5 4355 60; light, $5 45@5 6.%; bulk
of sales, J5 60<S5 70. . , .
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000; sheep and lambs
mostly 10c to 15c lower. Good to choice weth
ers, $j 75<£G 30; fair to choice mixed, $4 ia(it
5 75; Western sheep, $5 73Q6 10; yearlings. $6®
6 50: native lambs, *$5 50@7 40; Western lambs,
$6(3 7 40.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. April 18.— Clearings. $257.
754; balances, $31,999.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April is.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. 55c; Valley, 54(553c: Bluesteni, 56@57c.
Cleared— British ship William Law, for
Queenstown with 101.533 bushels wheat: stmr
Belgian King, for Hongkong, with 13,322 bbls.
flour, 10,000 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April IS. -Wheat market quiet but
nrm;.Bluestem, 56c; Club, 54c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. April IS.— Consols. 101 5-1 C; silver.
27% d; French rentes. Mlf 20c; cargoes on pas
sage, rather easier; cargoes Walla Walla. 2Ss
3d: English country markets, firm. '
LIVERPOOL. April IS.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California, 6s sd®6s 5%d: wheat in
Parts, barely steady; flour In Paris, barely
Bteady; French country markets, easy.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 7-16 d.
(-T.OSIXG.
WHEAT— Spot-Steady: No. 1 California. 6s
sd(g6s SV-d; Xo 2 red Western winter, 6s Vjn.
Futures— Quiet; April, nominal: May, 5s 10a;
July. 5s O^d
CORN— Spot— Steady: American mixed new, 4s
2d. Futures-Quiet; May, 4s l%d: July. <s Ud;
September. 4s ?4d.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abo-it
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the game at both places'
THURSDAY. APRIL ID
Foreign Futures.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 18.— Monoy on call easier
at 2%«?3'*4 per cent; last loan. 2% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4Vi@s per cent. Ster
ling exchange firm, with actual business In
bankers' biUs at $4 S7H«?4 87% for demand and
at $4 84 for sixty days: posted rateß, $4 84W and
$4 SB%. Commercial bills. $4 53<34 f.Z\. Silver
certificates. eOU^CIVJe. Bar silver, E9%c. Mex
ican dollars. 47*4 c. Government bonds, strong;
State bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury
Discharge of California Rivers.
The following record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers Is fur
nished by J. B. Llpplncott, resident hydro
grapher of the United States Geological Survey.
One second foot equals 50 miners* Inches:
CHICAGO, April 18.— The volume of the
wheat business was not large. The opening
was H@Hc under yesterday. May at 65%@66c
and July at 67V4@67?gC. Cables were weak and
the rains, together with the prediction of
milder weather Boon were regarded as excel
lent from the view point of a grain of wheat
anxious to expand. A small cash business was
done early, and as corn showed a disposition
to ascend the market firmed up some, May
touching 66% c and July 67% c. There was con
siderable long May put Into the pit on the
bulge and there was some outside selling un
der the pressure of which May declined to
65% c and July to €6?il?66T»c. About noon the
strength of corn was more apparent and with
the added assistance of a New York report of
thirty-five loads taken for export the market
slowly recovered and closed steady %c down,
May at 6bc and July at 67% c.
The corn market was fairly active and strong.
Heavy buying by Influential interests proved
the main factor. Two men between them ab
sorbed 2,000.000 bushels; or were credited with
t-o doing. The movement from now on is ex
pected to be light as farmers are busy in their
fields. May closed %@->»c up; July closed
%c up.
The oats market was quiet and rather firm.
There was not much selling pressure and the
corn strength was a help. May closed Me up
and July Vie Improved.
The provision market was quiet, but steady,
at a slight decline from yesterday. Hogs were
lower. There was a fair cash demand for lard.
May pork closed 5c down; July 5c down; May
lard closed 5c lower and July 2%c depressed.
May ribs closed &jj7%c lower, as did July.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, fiO%ig64'<,c; No. 2
red. 69i@70c: No. 2 corn. 39%e; No. 2 oats, 24V4c;
No. 2 white. 27Uc: No. 3 white, 26f127c; No. 2
rye. 56c; No. 2 barley, 41@43c: No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 73; prime timothy sf^d, $2 40#2 45: mess
pork, per barrel. $12 254?13; lard, per 100 pounds,
$7 15<S7 30: ihort ribs sides (loose), $7 10@7 30;
dry suited shoulders (boxed), $6 75^7; short
clear sl<les (boxed), $7 704J7 SO; whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 25%; sugars,
cut loaf, 6c; granulated, 5.44 c.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 14@18c; dairy. 13fJ)
lfic. Cheese, firm, 12® 13c. Eggs, steady; fresh,
io%c.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Patrick Muldoon to Catherine Muldoon. lot on
S line of Turk street. 110 E of Franklin. E 27:6
by S 120; gift.
Andrew W. Jr. and Emma H. Rose to Eliza
beth T. Plllsbury (wife of H. D.). lot on NW
comer of Broadway and Laguna street, W 34:4%
by N 137:6; $10.
Harry W. Goodall to Louisa Ollrtch. lot or.
S line of gutter street, 130 W of McAllister. W
25 by S 137 :«: $10.
American Bank and Trust Company of San
Francisco to Ernlllo Wallach. tot on W line of
Scott street. 30 N of Grove. N 27:6 by W 110;
$10.
Henry W. and Alice L. Dodge to Samuel
Wand, lot on S line of Sacramento street. 52:6
E of Baker. E 27:6 by W 105:5; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Sacramento
street. 52:6 E of Baker, E 27:7 by S 105:10,
quitclaim deed: $10.
Charles L. and Helen E. Davis to Frank
Wedde. lot on E line of Lyon street. 25 S of
Golden Gate avenue. S 25 by E 100; $10.
William and Elizabeth J. Barber to Almeric
Coxhead, lot on SE corner of Pacific and Wal
nut streets. E 32:6 by S V?.:$K: $10.
Henry Cunningham to Elizabeth Cunning
ham, lot on S line of Elizabeth street. 155 E
of Castro. E 25 by S 114; sift.
Elizabeth, John and Charles Dlemer to Gio
vanni Ghiotto and Angelo Ferrogielaro. lot on
S line of Jackson street. 182:6 W of Powell. W
46:5 by N 62:9»4: $10.
William H. and Lulu Greenhaigh (Murphy)
and Robert W. Murphy Jr. to Morris Meyerfeld
Jr. and Charles Schimpf. lot on SE line of
Howard street. 62 NE of Fourth. NE 25 by SE
80; $10.
Phllomena M. and Jacob Schmitt to Pierre
Chanquet. rerecord 1547 D. 326. lot on SE line
of Minna street. 221 SW of Eighth. SW 24 by
SE SO; $10.
G. W. Daywalt to W. R. Lett, lot on W line
of Twenty-first avenue, 100 N of California
street. N 50 by W 120: 110.
Ada I. McMahan (wife of Mabry) to Charles
A. Stewart, lot on E line of Twenty-eighth ave
nue, 100 N of J street. N 230 by E 120: also lot
on E line of Twenty-eighth avenue. 125 S of I
street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Margaret Lawall to Frederick Lawall. all
community property: $
Harry Louehaune to Richard Weiss, lot on
W line of California avenue. 50 S of Powhattan.
S 25, W 83:10. N 25. E 89:9: $10.
George Carlisle to Elizabeth O. Putzman, lot
on W line of Gould street, 250 S of Paul. S 25
by W 100; rift.
G. Staanaro to Agostlno Stagnaro. lot on
SE corner of Bacon and San Bruno streets. E
200, S 100. W 100. S 75. W 100. N 175. lots 10 to
20. block D. Haley Purchase, W of and ad
jacent to Hudson Tract: $10.
Alfred and Louis Kutner and Oscar Harris
(executors of estate of Leopold Kutner to Cor
nelius Hyde, lot on N corner of Lobos and
Plymouth streets. N 25 by W 100. lot P. Rail
road Homestead Association: $700.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Catharine McDevltt (owner) with
Charles F. Sheibley (contractor), plans by own
er—All alterations and additions to buildings
on lot on W line of Shotwell street. 245 S of,
Eighteenth. S 60 by W 122 : C; $3,984.
Hale Brothers (a corporation) (owners) with
San Frandlsco Novelty and Plating Works (con
tractors), architects, Reid Brothers— Metal work
in connection with elevator enclosures for a
four-story brick building on lot on S line of
Market street, between Fifth an<l Sixth, com
mencing 7S feet from Sixth; $2,950.
TO SAIL.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Sun rises M
Sun sets 6 :jj
Moon rises 11:25"p.' m.
is Inquiring in the open market, but there are
no supplies.. Money was again In demand. Bills
were up in the rise In New York exchange. The
large sum due the Bank of England was all re
newed at 5 per cent, and a fair new discount
buslnee was done at 4 per cent.
LONDON, April IS.— Canadian Pacific. 99%;
Lnlon Pacific preferred, 77%; Northern Paclilc
preferred, 7&%; Atchison, 27%: Grand Trunk.
S-*; Anaconda. 10%: Rand mines, 36?5! Bar Sil
ver, steady, 27% d per ounce.
* — muzz *
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK, April IS.— FLOUR-Recelpts,
20,140 barrels; exports. 13,291. Dull and easier
for spring patents and generally .slow all
around, being E@loc lower to sell.
WHEAT— Receipts. 12,025 bushels; exports,
64.009. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, SOc f. o. b.
afloat spot: No. 2 red, 77c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 76Hc f." o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 2 hard Duluth. 7S*fsC f. o. b. afloat. Options
declined actively to-day under free liquidation
of May Wheat, coupled with bright home crop
reports and bearish foreign news. Late in the
day, however, sympathizing with corn and on
export rumors, the market rallied sharply and
closed firm at a partial Uc net decline. May.
73073 9-13 c, closed 73v»c; July. 73 1-16@>73%c,
closed 73% c: September, 73%@ 7394 c, closed !Z\n.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— .Spot Rio. steady;' No. 7 invoice.
B\ic; do Jobbing. S%c: mild, quiet: Cordova.
»%'gl4c. Futures closed barely steady at a net
decline of 10 to 15 points. Total sales, 19,750
ba?». including: May. $7; July. $7 05; August.
$7 05: September. $7 15; October, $7 20; Decem
ber. $7 45; February, $7 55.
SUGAR— Raw-, steady: refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4751 packages. Western
creamery. 15»i<gise: factory, 13S:i5c.
EGOS — Receipts, 16.426 packages. Steady;
storage Western. 12*4@13c; Western regular.
12'«®12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Business was fairly active for evaporated
apples to-day. Offerings were very liberal,
owing to a big increase in the supply and dis
an>olntlng country advices. Prices were a
shad* lower for choice and fancy grades, with
the undertone of the market weak. At the
close prices were tending toward a still lower
level. California dried fruits were inactive and
nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common.
4%ffsc; prime, 6?456c; choice, 7S'7 1 4c; fancy,
"'-j'SSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3»4<f?7e per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13<ftl5c; Moorpark. 15<fl8c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 18Q22c; unpeeled, 7%<£9c.
Nczv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 18.— Trading was fairly
active In the market for metals to-day. Cables
from London averaged up as rather unsatis
factory. Under this influence tin eased off a
partial 10@25 points ami closed quiet and easy
at J3l bid and $31 25 asked.
LAKE COPPER— RuIed quiet and unchanged,
closing at Jl7.
I'IG IRON— Warrants were quoted officially
for the first time in months at $16 and weak at
that.
SPELTER— Was a shade firmer on a good
expcirt Inquiry, closing firm at $4 75<?4 SO.
LEAD— Continues dull and unchanged at
$4 67», bid and $4 72% asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $17 25® 17 50.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, . APUIJL 19, *190
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnz Session.
Board— •
200 Barker Ranch 1 15
100 Caribou 50
100 Home Oil 3 95
10 San Joaquln 2 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Barker Ranch 1 IS
Street—
100 Caribou S3
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the gales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia 1 R3: 100 Savage 11
300 Chollar IS 200 Silver Hill IS
300 Confidence 100; ICO Union Con 33
300 Hale & Norc... 34! 400 Utah 12
ICO Potosi .., 30 2tO Yellow Jacket.. 33
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta. C 6' 600 Mexican 31
300 Belcher V: 50 Occidental ..... 16
300 Belcher 27i 400 Ophlr 76
400 Best & Belcher 26 100 Ophir 73
-100 Caledonia 1 6» 200 Potosi 29
50 Caledonia 150 400 Savage 13
500 Chollar 13 100 Sierra Nevada, 53
200 Crown Point... 20 150 Union Con 32
100 Gould & Curry 27| 300 Utah 12
200 Hale & Norc... 35!
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 11! SOO Potosi 2*
200 Belcher 23 600 Silver Hill 17
300 Bullion 04 500 Utah 12
300 Mexican 36 200 Yellow Jacket.. 22
400 Ophlr "8j 900 Yellow Jacket.. 33
200 Overman 2-J
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta C 6 900 Con Cal & V.I 724
'300 Belcher 29: 200 Gould & Curry 27
500 Belcher 2« 200 Ophlr 7*
200 Belcher 23 1 200 Potosi 29
30 Best & Belcher 24! 200 Silver Hill 15
1200 Chollar 13]
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 18— t p. m.
Bid. Ask.! Bid Ask.
Alpha 05 OS Justice 05 C 7
Alta 06 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 10 11 Lady Wash — «
Belcher 24 25; Mexican 84 3.»
Best A Belcher 25 2S. Occidental 15 I<s
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr 75 .78
Caledonia 150 1 60iOverman 25 25
Chollar 12 13 Potost 29 30
Challenge Con. 22 24 Savage 11 13
Confidence So 100 Scorpion 02 03
Con Cal & Va..l 70 175 Seg Belcher 04 0*
Con Imperial... 01 02: Sierra Nevada. 52 53
Con New York — 04 .Silver Hill 15 17
Eureka Con — 50 St Louis — 12
Crown Point 19 20 Standard 305 3 3. 1 *
Exchequer 03 04 Syndicate — 11
Gould & Curry 28 28 ' Union Con 31 33
Hale St. Norc... 34 3S|Utah 11 1*
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 32 33
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
April 18, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
8
ARTICLES. (Open. (Hlßh-| Low. IClose.
| | t
Wheat No. 2—
April 65%
May P6 6GH 654 68
July 67% 6714 66% 67%
September 6SH 6SVi 67% 6SV4
Corn No. 2—2 — |
April 35%
May 35% 39V1 35% 39V t
July 39H ii)\ t 39',i 40U
September 40Vi 40",» 40 40%
Oats No. 2—
May 23H 23H 23H 234
July 23<4 23% 23 23%
September 22% 22% 22% 22' a
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 13 02H 13 05 12 92V4 12 95
July 13 10 13 22H 13 07>i WlO
iArd 100 lbs—
May 7 27^ 730 725 725
July 730 740 730 735
September 7 37V4 745 7 37>£ 740
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 7 17>/4 "20 715 7 17Vi
July 715 720 715 7 17V-
September 715 7 17% 7 12H 715 "
Aivni.L«c.s. neceipis. m
'•lour, barrels 42,000
tVheat. bushels 45.000
bushels .» 417.000
>ats, bushels 254.000
lye. bushels 5.000
iarley, bushels 42,000
44.000
25.000
931.000
390.000
5.000
38.C00
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
O
1 S. F.
Second Feet. M'ngrCo.
DATE. Ditch &
1 ¦ Turlock
1599. 1900. Canal.
Aprlll 6.6 6.5 12
April 2 6.5 6.4 12
April 3 6.6 6.5 13
April 4 6.4 6.4 12
April 5 6.3 6.9 12
April 6 7.1 ,5.8 12
April 7 7.4 ! , 6.0 12
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
1 Second Feet.
DATE. [ ,
1599. 1 1900.
April 1 4.7 4.8
April 2 4.6 4.6
April 3 4.4 4.4
April 4 4.4 4.6
April 6 4.6 4.4
April 6 4.7 i 4.4
April 7 5.8 I 4.3
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.~
I Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1599. I 1900.
April 1 7.6 7.5
April 2 t 7.4 7.5
April 3 7.2 7.2
April 4 7.2 7.0
April 6.". 7.g j g.9
April 6 7.3 j 6 .g
April 7.... 8.7 1 6.7
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
rn-rp. Second Feet.
DATE. 1 __
1599. 1900.
April 1 9.5 -.7
April 2 j.3 $0
April 3 g.9 I 9 .9
Apr" «-. 8.8 SiS
Apr} 5 , 8 .7 g.i
Apr 6 3.3 7.9
April 7 83 8 . 6
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN"
DATE. . -Ef^Zfffl-
1839. 1900.
April 1
April 2
April 3 '
April 4
April 5 ;•-..-..
April 6.... ]
April 7....
6.4
6.4
6.5
6.6
7.6
7.S
8.0
7.3
6.9
6.8
6.5
6.6
6.S
6.9
2
ITime I Time! Time;
I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. 1
H Wj I, WI H W|
Tlmel
Ft
19 ...
20 ...
21
22 ...
. 1:15 5.4! 8:23!— 0.1 3:521
. 1:02 5.2' 3:191 0.0 4:43 i
. 3:<M 5.0| 10:V>t 0.21 sMli
. 4:20 4.81 11:17 0.5' 6:3ni
IL W |X WI \t, WI
| 4.41
! 4.« i :
I 5.01.
\i
23 ...
.] 0:001 2.6) 5:4.-1 4.7! 12:1 ft!
!3
24 ...
I
.! l:06i 2.0 7:C3! 4.7| 1:11"
23 '.'.'.
A 2:04! 1-3J 8:1S| *'.&\ 2:051
Steamer.
f *Tom. jjup.
Willamette
Bon it a
Peru
Point Arena
Crescent City...
Geo. TV. Elder..
State or Cal
Pamoa
Progreso
Santa Koca
Coqullle River..
Washtenaw
Tellus
I>l Norte
St. Paul
Warfleld
I'matllla
'illlamook
Pomona
North Fork
Coos F.ay
Bristol
City of Rto J...
Australia
Corona
Columbia
Algoa
Arcata
Newbunr
.^Seattle 'Apr. D
. ; Newport lApr. V*
.Panama. |Apr. 19
. Point Arena 'Apr. 19
. Crescent City Apr. 13
. Portland Apr. 13
.jPortland Apr. 20
JHumboldt Apr. 21
.iTacoma Apr. 23
?San Dleso Apr. 21
.'Grays Harbor Apr. 21
. iTacoma Apr. 21
.^Oyster Harbor -.. Apr. 21
.Tortlarvi Apr. 21
.Oyster Harbor Apr. 2X
..Oyster Harbor Apr. It
.j Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 13
.iTlllamook Apr. 23
• iHumbcldt Apr. 23
.jHumboldt Apr. 23
. iNewport Apr. 23
.'Oyster Harbor Apr. tX
.China and Japan Apr. 24
.Honolulu Apr. 24
.!San Diego Apr. Ti
.iPortlaml Apr. 2S
.[China and Japan Apr. !>
.Coos Bay lApr. 21
.!Gray3 Harbor lApr. 2*
Steamer. | Destination. I Salla. I Pier.
Santa Cruz l Alaska | Apr. 19. 4 pm! Pier •
Corona .... San Diego Apr. 19, 11 amjPler U
Pomona .... Humboldt Apr. 19. 3pm|Pl«r »
Bonlta Newport Apr. 21, »ain;Pterll
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. a. ipm'Pter 3
Walla Wall Vie <fe Pst Sd. Apr. 21. 19 axn'.Pler 9
Jeanie jCapeNome... Apr. 21, 12 m.Center
Thrasher ..lOape Nome... Apr. 21. 12 m'Center
Arcata ICoos Bay |Apr. 22. 10 am|Pler 11
Samoa iHumboldt Apr. 23. li)am|Pierli
Santa RosalSan Dl««o !Apr. 23. 11 am;Pler IX
State of CaliPortland !Apr. 23. 10 amlPlw 2*
Aberi^n ..IPucet Sound.. Apr. 23. 4 pm'Pler 3
Co<tS~*- Rv'Grays Harbor Apr. 24. 12 m
Tlllamook .iTillamook Apr. 24.
Coos Bay... I Newport Apr. 25, 9 am! Pier II
Nip Maru.. lChlna& Japan Apr. 25. Ipm PM?S
Del Norte.. [Oregon Ports. Apr. 25, 8 aralPler 20
North ForkiHumbnldt...... Apr. 28. 9 am! Pier S
Umatllla .. Vie & Pst Sd. Apr. 28. lOamjPler 9
Columbia ..iPortland Apr. 2S. 1» am I Pier 24
Steamer.
f *Tom. jjup.
Willamette
Bon it a
Peru
Point Arena
Crescent City...
Geo. TV. Elder..
State or Cal
Pamoa
Progreso
Santa Koca
Coqullle River..
Washtenaw
Tellus
I>l Norte
St. Paul
Warfleld
I'matllla
'illlamook
Pomona
North Fork
Coos F.ay
Bristol
City of Rto J...
Australia
Corona
Columbia
Algoa
Arcata
Newbunr
.^Seattle 'Apr. D
. ; Newport lApr. V*
.Panama. |Apr. 19
. Point Arena 'Apr. 19
. Crescent City Apr. 13
. Portland Apr. 13
.jPortland Apr. 20
JHumboldt Apr. 21
.iTacoma Apr. 23
?San Dleso Apr. 21
.'Grays Harbor Apr. 21
. iTacoma Apr. 21
.^Oyster Harbor -.. Apr. 21
.Tortlarvi Apr. 21
.Oyster Harbor Apr. 2X
..Oyster Harbor Apr. It
.j Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 13
.iTlllamook Apr. 23
• iHumbcldt Apr. 23
.jHumboldt Apr. 23
. iNewport Apr. 23
.'Oyster Harbor Apr. tX
.China and Japan Apr. 24
.Honolulu Apr. 24
.!San Diego Apr. Ti
.iPortlaml Apr. 2S
.[China and Japan Apr. !>
.Coos Bay lApr. 21
.!Gray3 Harbor lApr. 2*
2
ITime I Time! Time;
I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. 1
H Wj I, WI H W|
Tlmel
Ft
19 ...
20 ...
21
22 ...
. 1:15 5.4! 8:23!— 0.1 3:521
. 1:02 5.2' 3:191 0.0 4:43 i
. 3:<M 5.0| 10:V>t 0.21 sMli
. 4:20 4.81 11:17 0.5' 6:3ni
IL W |X WI \t, WI
| 4.41
! 4.« i :
I 5.01.
\i
23 ...
.] 0:001 2.6) 5:4.-1 4.7! 12:1 ft!
!3
24 ...
I
.! l:06i 2.0 7:C3! 4.7| 1:11"
23 '.'.'.
A 2:04! 1-3J 8:1S| *'.&\ 2:051
ARTICLES. (Open. (Hlßh-| Low. IClose.
| | t
Wheat No. 2—
April 65%
May P6 6GH 654 68
July 67% 6714 66% 67%
September 6SH 6SVi 67% 6SV4
Corn No. 2—2 — |
April 35%
May 35% 39V1 35% 39V t
July 39H ii)\ t 39',i 40U
September 40Vi 40",» 40 40%
Oats No. 2—
May 23H 23H 23H 234
July 23<4 23% 23 23%
September 22% 22% 22% 22' a
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 13 02H 13 05 12 92V4 12 95
July 13 10 13 22H 13 07>i WlO
iArd 100 lbs—
May 7 27^ 730 725 725
July 730 740 730 735
September 7 37V4 745 7 37>£ 740
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 7 17>/4 "20 715 7 17Vi
July 715 720 715 7 17V-
September 715 7 17% 7 12H 715 "
Aivni.L«c.s. neceipis. m
'•lour, barrels 42,000
tVheat. bushels 45.000
bushels .» 417.000
>ats, bushels 254.000
lye. bushels 5.000
iarley, bushels 42,000
44.000
25.000
931.000
390.000
5.000
38.C00
Steamer. | Destination. I Salla. I Pier.
Santa Cruz l Alaska | Apr. 19. 4 pm! Pier •
Corona .... San Diego Apr. 19, 11 amjPler U
Pomona .... Humboldt Apr. 19. 3pm|Pl«r »
Bonlta Newport Apr. 21, »ain;Pterll
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. a. ipm'Pter 3
Walla Wall Vie <fe Pst Sd. Apr. 21. 19 axn'.Pler 9
Jeanie jCapeNome... Apr. 21, 12 m.Center
Thrasher ..lOape Nome... Apr. 21. 12 m'Center
Arcata ICoos Bay |Apr. 22. 10 am|Pler 11
Samoa iHumboldt Apr. 23. li)am|Pierli
Santa RosalSan Dl««o !Apr. 23. 11 am;Pler IX
State of CaliPortland !Apr. 23. 10 amlPlw 2*
Aberi^n ..IPucet Sound.. Apr. 23. 4 pm'Pler 3
Co<tS~*- Rv'Grays Harbor Apr. 24. 12 m
Tlllamook .iTillamook Apr. 24.
Coos Bay... I Newport Apr. 25, 9 am! Pier II
Nip Maru.. lChlna& Japan Apr. 25. Ipm PM?S
Del Norte.. [Oregon Ports. Apr. 25, 8 aralPler 20
North ForkiHumbnldt...... Apr. 28. 9 am! Pier S
Umatllla .. Vie & Pst Sd. Apr. 28. lOamjPler 9
Columbia ..iPortland Apr. 2S. 1» am I Pier 24
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
O
1 S. F.
Second Feet. M'ngrCo.
DATE. Ditch &
1 ¦ Turlock
1599. 1900. Canal.
Aprlll 6.6 6.5 12
April 2 6.5 6.4 12
April 3 6.6 6.5 13
April 4 6.4 6.4 12
April 5 6.3 6.9 12
April 6 7.1 ,5.8 12
April 7 7.4 ! , 6.0 12
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
1 Second Feet.
DATE. [ ,
1599. 1 1900.
April 1 4.7 4.8
April 2 4.6 4.6
April 3 4.4 4.4
April 4 4.4 4.6
April 6 4.6 4.4
April 6 4.7 i 4.4
April 7 5.8 I 4.3
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.~
I Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1599. I 1900.
April 1 7.6 7.5
April 2 t 7.4 7.5
April 3 7.2 7.2
April 4 7.2 7.0
April 6.". 7.g j g.9
April 6 7.3 j 6 .g
April 7.... 8.7 1 6.7
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
rn-rp. Second Feet.
DATE. 1 __
1599. 1900.
April 1 9.5 -.7
April 2 j.3 $0
April 3 g.9 I 9 .9
Apr" «-. 8.8 SiS
Apr} 5 , 8 .7 g.i
Apr 6 3.3 7.9
April 7 83 8 . 6
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN"
DATE. . -Ef^Zfffl-
1839. 1900.
April 1
April 2
April 3 '
April 4
April 5 ;•-..-..
April 6.... ]
April 7....
6.4
6.4
6.5
6.6
7.6
7.S
8.0
7.3
6.9
6.8
6.5
6.6
6.S
6.9For West Mission Improvements.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs has petitioned the Supervisors for
an appropriation for the opening of Dia
mond street from Chenery street to Sun
nyeide. which would give a continued
thoroughfare from Fairmount to the San
Jose road and the county line. Prepara
tory to this, however, it will be necessary
to "place a culvert under Diamond street
between Chenery and Berkshire, for which
an appropriation of $2500 is asked.
Want More Police Protection.
The North End Property Owners* As
sociation yesterday petitioned the Board
of Supervisors for more police protection
in the section bounded by Montgomery
avenue. Bay, Leavenworth and Taylor
streets. Attention Is called to the noto
rious, vicious and villainous gang of hood
lums and cutthroats that infests the
neighborhood, annoying pedestrians by
throwing stones at them, insulting ladles
and children and stealing anything they
can get hold of.
License for Amateur Performances.
Deputy Tax Collector Morris Levy, who
has charge of the collection of licenses, is
making it warm for those who give ama
teur performances and charge an admis
sion fee thereto. Last Tuesday night
Levy attended a concert given by Andrew
Bogart and Miss Bessie Wall In the ma
ple room of the Palace Hotel. Levy paid
one dollar to get In and then, exhibiting
his badge of authority. Informed Bogart
that he would have to pay {5 or the per
formance could not go on. Bogart demur
red, but finally paid over the money
rather than have any trouble. Levy also
went to Sherman & Clay Hall and exacted
tS from Miss Adelaide Roddy, who was
gl\'lng an entertainment to which an ad
mission fee was charged.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
SCHOOLGIRL'S FOOD.
A Very Important Question for Grow-
A little girl in Providence, R. 1., high
school was badly run down, owing to
i he fact that she was not properly fed.
When her parents discovered the value
of Grape- Nuts food she quickly recov-
ered. Her father's letter is as follows:
'"Without any desire whatever for
publicity — in fact, with every desire to
avoid it, I j-et would like you to know
of the following in reference to Grapc-
'My daughter is in the Providence
High School. English department, and
working very hard, her studies tellinjf
on her sercrclyj partly because of a se-
rious iijr.ess she had some two or three
years since. She has been accustomed
to take rr.eat luncheons with her. and to
obtain a cup of hot drink, often of milk,
;.t *he school building. She came home
quite hungry, however, on most occa-
sions, and Bomewhat exhausted.
"Three months ago she began to
carry Grape-Xuts instead of her meat !
sandwiches, and now will not forego
them. She says she can stand the after
study on them better and has no sense
of exhaustion on reaching home, al-
though always able to enjoy her meal, as
her appetite is good.
"We regard this as strong testimony in
favor of Grape-Xuts, and if s*ou can use
it without publishing our names we
shall be pleaded to have you do it. and
will further «¦;•• that we shall be clad to
2nswer questions on the subject through
the mails. We have used Grape-Xuts as I
an article of diet for nearly two years.
Yours truly."
The name of this gentleman can be
had by application to the Postum Cereal
Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich.
Nano Nagel Circle Entertainment.
The SCano Xagel Debating Circle will
prive ar. entertainment this evening in Odd
Fellows' Hail. An excellent programme
has be«-n arranged, in which \\ . J. Hynes
T. W. Hickey. Clare Fex and Little Mar
iam Sidney Smith will participate.
Loring Club Concert.
The r.ext concert of the Loring Club
will take place In Odd Fellows' Hall
next Tuesday evening. The programme
will Include a composition for male voices
by Max Bruch. entitled "Roman Song of
Triumph." The remainder of the pro
gramme contains some of the most me
lodious compositions in the repertoire of
male voice clubs.
Episcopal Home Has Prospered.
The annual meeeting of the Protestant
Episcopal Old Ladies' Home took place
last evening. Annual reports were sub
milted by Mrs. R. B. Sanchez, president;
Mrs. \V. VST. Sanford. recording secretary;
Mrs. George W. Kline, corresponding sec
retary; Mrs. S. L. Foster, treasurer, and
A. L. Phelps, treasurer of the board of
trustees. The board of managers also
reported. The following have been added
as life members during the year: Mrs. A.
L Eastland. Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Mrs. C.
E* Gibbs, Mrs. Margaret Jones and Dr.
James W. Ward. Tne good work of all
connected with the home in an adminis
trative capacity was complimented. The
annual election resulted as follows;
President. Mrs. R, B. Sanchez; vice presi
dent, Mrs. Charles E. Gibbs; recording
secretary, Mrs. W. W. Sanford; treas
urer, Mrs. S. L. Foster. Trustees— Right
Rev. William Ford Nichols, president;
Rev E. J. Lion, vice president; K. H. Rlx
ford, secretary; A. H. Phelps. treasurer.
The board of managers includes the lady
officers named and Mrs. P. J. A*hbury.
Mrs. Astredo, Mrs. B. E. Babcock. Mrs.
F. A. Black, Mrs. P. Caduc, Mrs. A. B.
Clarke. Mrs. W. A. Douplass, Mrs. G. W.
Kline, Mrs. E. J. Lion, Mrs. R. Morrison.
Mrs. J. Xewlands. Mrs. A. H. Phelps,
Mrs. M. A. Ramus. Mrs. J. I. Sabin, Mrs.
F. L. Southback, Mrs. G. Sneath, Mrs. M.
D. Wilson. Mrs. C. V. Middleton, Mrs.
Landers and Mrs. J. C. Sandford.
To Elect Justices of the Peace.
T::^ City Attorney yesterday ad\-ised
the KpfrJstrar cf Voters to make prepara
tlon* tor the election of Justices of the
IVac* at the general election of this year
an : that the names of candidates for this
• bhouid be placed on the general
ticket.
COMPLAINT AGAINST THE
RAILROAD TO BE HEARD
The Board of Railroad Commissioners
have agreed to hear on May 1 the com
plaint of Mr. More of Fresno against the
Southern Pacific Company. This was de
cided at a meeting of the board yester
day, after tbe attorneys for Mr. More.
Messrs. A. P. Van Uuzer of this city and
Frank Short of Fresno, and the Southern
Pacific's counsel. J. E. Foulds. had agreed
on the day of hearing. Mr. More is a
prominent merchant of Fresno and com
plained to the Commissioners that the
railroad corporation had raised the pas
senger rate between that city and San
Francisco without consulting or securing
the consent cf the Commissioners. The
hearing will be had here.
DEATH OF PROFESSOR
WILLIAM THRASHER
BERKELEY. April IS.— Professor Wil
liam Merrill Thrasher, for thirty-four
years professor of mathematics at Butler
College, Irvlngton. Ind., died on Monday
at 1737 Shattuck avenue. Professor
Thraeher was a brother of Dr. Marion
Thrasher of San Francisco. He came to
California last August in search of health,
but had been failing steadily since his ar
rival. Heart disease was the cause of
death.
Professor Thrasher was 66 years old, a
native of Fayette County, Indiana. The
body will be embalmed and sent to In
diana for Interment.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
j§|ij|| iISVER
• Posttirely cured by tbese
.Little Pills.
Tfcey also rtlieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy far Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl.
ness. Bad Taste m tbe Mouth, Coated Tocgne
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
j Regulate the Bowels, Purely Vegetable.
Small phi. Small Dose.
Small Prfca*
o | ,^
? H Natural Mineral Watsr ?
? r?>:n known for csnturie* ond *
?#£jU| imported o
0 sStyk ONLY IN BOTTLES « $
o $)§§§& Por DiMrtersd Stcnach ?
? fe-n!£r^3 Its ?*!«« has been tasti. o
o Ks2=s*S§j fied to y thousands. ?
? jnCHY^ So-called Vichy la Sy. ®
0 Kill)! IS N O T VKHY. 1
? ';|P|j2pgj Get the Genuine. J
*T-. *T%%\Vy* w::1 r»corr.menj It. ?
° §£S2«!>* k - TIOSISS, Diitrauttag Ay»n! °
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
? Steamers leave Broadway
y>v wharf. San Francisco:
\vS»i . For A!a«lcan ports — 10 a. m..
UjfEJSik April 15. 21. 25; May 1. Changs
' HPyS^* 1 t0 coln * !an y' B steamers at :*«-
B»J3M|Vn * For Victor!.-*. Vancouver in.
l»v5C5£!*S5M C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
I^WB»ttl Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
JO a. m., April 1«. Zl. 26; May
1 and every fifth d»y thereafter; change at Se-
attle to thl» company* 8 steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ky.; at \an-
C °For r Eur*ka, Huinboldt Bay —19 a. m. April
1«. 19. 14. »; May 4 and every fifth dajr there-
"'For' Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uec*. Port Harford (San Lvi« Obispo). Gav'^ta.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme fan P«^ro
: East San Pedro (Lcs An«eles> and Newport-J
! a. m.. April 13. 17. 21. 25. »; May 4 and every
°For Ran^ptoffo. stopping enly at Port HarfTrd
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Anreles and Redondo (Los Aneeles)— ll a. m..
! April 13. 19. 23. 27; May 1 and every fourta day
thereafter. _ _ , , .
1 For Ensena4a. Maedalena Bay. San Jo»» del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa tMexlco>— lo a. m.. ita of eaca
• month.
I For further Information obtain company *
1 folder.
i Th« company reserves th« rlisht to chars**
' steamers, salllns dares and hours of salllns
! wt"""'t rrevtons notice.
TICKET OFFICK —4 New Montsomery
' street < Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. A dents.
i !• Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
| PORTLAND
From ?D*ar-str«et ¦^¦'harf it 13 a. m.
i CADC CIS First Class Including Berth
IAnC $6 Second Class and ileala.
! COLUMBIA lalls April S
Short Lin* to Walla Walla. Spokane, liutte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
! Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Affent.
630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKTN9 A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
Mr toss. Southampton, londoj. farxs.
Mopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork April IS New Tcrk May J
St. Paul April 23 St. Paul May H
St. Louis May 2 St. Louis. May Z3
RED STAJ* LINE.
New York cod Antwerp
From New Tork every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Westernland ...April IS| Frtealand May 9
Kensington April 25' Southwark May IS
Noordland May 2, Westernland May 23
EMPIRE LINE.
8. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 13 and
from Seattle May 24. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings June 83. July 21. August 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
Far full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
• 3) Montgomery st., or any of tts agents.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. April 25th. 19P>
SS. AMERICA MARC. Saturday, May 13th. 1300
E3. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June nth. 1904
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's cfSce.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
@aPftftllP Tne 9. S. Australia.
rffaiMinill. " al!s f" 11 " Honolulu
irwiJHi Wednesday. May 2.
¦ -—^_ 13CO. at 2 p. m.
o^/ I • The 8. S. AlaoMa
iSfMrnviirw • ail s via Honolulu and
Q\Ulll\J\\\\t v Auckland for Sydney
(OHIDufZH- Wednesday. May* 18.
• — vwikojivci at 8 p. m.
Favorite lln» around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first claso.
I. D. SPK£CKELS & BROS.CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pin 7. Foot Pacific St FrtiohtOfflce.32? Market SL
COJfrA9SIS GIMZR ALE TBAS3ATLA2ITIQUE.
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <2jSXh
Saturday, from November 2. 1533. at -*~»<v*^3»-
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot oC
Morten st.. LA OASCOGNE. April 13; LA TOU-
RAINE. April 26: LA BRETAGNE. May S: LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 19. First class to Havre.
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. US: » per cect re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 11
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. V.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH {LONDON). CHERBOURG*
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENOER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CMERBOURO
AND HAMBURG.
For Salting, etc.. Apply fo
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINK. JT BMw'y.NT.
PARI9 HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
HERZOG £ CO.. Gen. Ajtts. tor Pa<M3c Coast.
401 California st.. comer S»n.«r>Tn». 9. F.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
IS i (TsTimTAnD and vallejo.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MOV Turs.. Wed., Tbura. anu Sat. ait 9:43
¦ m. - J:l3 S:JO p. m. <ex. Thurs. nl^at); Fri-
days 1 P. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. t
p m". Landing and office. Mlsslon-sireet Dock,
PJer'No. X Telephone Mala ISOS.
FARE ~ so °
IS Gall $1.00 dbt Year
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
ft UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY, April IS.— Final ar
\LJ' rar.gemer.ts have been completed
for the traditional rush between
¦she sophomore ard freshman classes of
the university on the campus next Mon
day afternoon at 4 o'clock. Tbe three
referees. Professor Walter E. Walter,
Eugene W. Roland aad Welsie M. Martin.
have formulated the following rules:
Those nien whom Professor Magee thinks
unable to enter the rush and those
r.-.K-n whose parents by communication to
l'resider.t Wheeler have been forbidden
EhaU l>e positively debarred. The penalty
will be expulsion without appeal. Every
:.:¦ -slant must wear on his che?t hia
Last colors at least six Inches square.
E&ch class to march to the field in sep
arate bodies, the sophomores on the right
::. :-;r:gle rank, facing west, and freshmen
i a the left, facing east. All must be In
place at 4 o'clock promptly. The entire
lower campus will be inclosed by a rope
a:;d nobody will be permitted in the
Enclosure except seniors and juniors wear
ing their "plugs."
There will be a sham battle on the
campus r.ext Thursday afternoon by the
cadet corps of the University of CaJifor
iiia. In the morning at Id o'clock Mrs.
Hearst will present to the battalion a
new of colors. Professor Soule will
receive them in the name of the organiza
tion. An inspection will then be made on
;he lover campus. Lieutenant Coionel
Maus. V. S. A., will act as inspector.
At 1:1j o'clock In the afternoon there
¦rin he a regimental parade and review.
Following this battalion and competitive
.'.rill will be held. The sham battle will
Le next ar.d a salute to the colors will
conduce the exercises and drill for the
year.
The attacked force will consist of the
First Battalion, commanded by Major
Robert HL Collins. The attacking party
will be the Second Battalion, under Major
Percy Dalmaa.
The <!< 'iication dar.ee planned for last
Monday *-ver.lr.g will take place to-mor
row nifrht ;:i the gymnasium. George
Brehm has been appointed floor manager.
Tbe following have been ejected officers
cf the California!!: President, P. A. Sfn
sheinier. "ul; vice president, lien Reed. '02;
secretary. J. M. Eshleman. '02; treasurer,
F. M. Allen. 'c 2, and director-at-large. W.
Dora, 'C 2. ; : -i ¦
ENTRIES FOR
ANNUAL FIELD
DAY SATURDAY
California and Stanford in
an Intercollegiate
voniesi*
First Meet at Palo Alto Promises
Many Exciting Events on
Cinder Path, and
Turf.
•
BERKELEY, April IS.— Preparations for
the. annual intercollegiate field day be
tween the University of California and
Stanford, which will take place on the
Stanford campus next Saturday, have
been completed, and the list of eligible en
tries exchanged. The entries for the two
dashes and two hurdles follow:
100-yard dash: First 4ieat— C. Broughton. 8.
MeCaSghern. C. Cadogan. S. Nourse. Second
heat— S. Stewart. C. Bishop, C. Drum. S. Har
ter. .
- 120-yard hurdle: First heat— C. Powell. S.
Bowman, S. Strout. Second heat — S. Pollard.
C. Hamlin.
220-yard dash: First beat— S. McCaughern. C.
Drum, S. Harter. S. Lyons. C. TownMnd. Sec
ond heat— C. Slmonds, S. Stewart. C. Cadogan.
S. Nourse.
220-yard hurdle: First heat— S. Narrarnore.
C Howell. C. Hamlin. Second heat— 3. Strout.
C. Woolsey. S. Pollard.
The other California entries are:
440-yard dash— Cadcgan, Scott, Drum, Pow
ers.
SSO-yard run— Robertson. Gustafson, Moser.
Kuster, Squires, Woolsey. CHCord.
Milt run— Woolsey. Clifford. Moaer. Gustaf
son, Squires, Robertson.
Mile walk— Allen. Walsh. De Lashmutt.
High Jump— Woolsey, Cooley, Hoffman, Pow
ell.
Broad Jump— Slmonds. Topham. Broughton.
Pole vault— Hoffman. Duden.
Sixteen pound shot-put— Flaw, Woolsey, Peck.
Clay.
Sixteen pound hammer throw — Plaw, Smith,
Albertson, .
The other Stanford entries are:
440-yard run— Symonds. Smith and Hawley.
SSO-yard run— Hamilton. Chadbourne, Moul
ton. Stadtmuller and Talbot.
Mile run— Chadbourne. Hamilton, Burrongh,
NSklrk. Ferrari and Adams.
Shot-put— Parker. Brooke and Traeger.
Hammer-throw — Wardall, Brooke and Trae
ger.
Hlch Jump— Boyd, Bennett, Dole, Beach and
McCullough.
Broad Jump— Symonds. 'Hopper, Lyons, Nara
more. Harter and Lawrence.
Pole vault— Dole, Beach. Bcyd and Foster.
Mile walk— Xrhokke, Jones and Preston.
The officials will be:
Referee. John Elliott; ttarter, Phil Wand:
timers. Professor Wood, Professor Magee, Col
one! Edwards; Judges of finish. Robert Han
cock. President Wheeler; field Judges, Dave
Brown. Chet. Woolsey. B«rnle Miller; clerk of
course. A. M. Kldd. Knowles: Judge of walk
ing, H. Coffin; announcer. Lucien White.
By some mistake the name of Roy Ser
vice, a distance man, was overlooked.
Stanford, however, will not accept the
omitted name. This la regretted by Cap
tain Drum, as he says Service has trained
hard and was sure of winning his big C
this year.
CHINESE COOK AND
JAPANESE WAITER AT WAR
QUEER FEATURES
SURROUND DAVIS
FAMILY RUMPUS
Mother-in-Law for Once Acts
the Role of an Angel
of Peace.
Mrs. Davis Is Still Determined to
Strive for a Divorce From
Her Preacher- Actor
Spouse.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, April 18.
Alta Klngore Davis, the beautiful young
songstress who yesterday announced her
Intention to secure a divorce from Ed
wards Davis, the former pastor of the
Central Christian Church, declares that
she was compelled to go oh the stage to
save herself from starvation. The dainty
little artiste has not everything her own
way. Friends of the former Oakland
preacher announce that he will resist any
effort of his pretty wife to secure her
freedom. Altogether there Is prospect for
a merry time over the Davis' marital dis
turbances.
Mrs. Davis announces that she has re
tained Attorney Thomas V. Cator. her
father's former law partner, to press her
cult. while on the other hand It appears
that recent correspondence from the hus
band carries his declaration that he had
done all within his power to support Mrs.
Davis and that he proposes to fight back.
That the a.ctor-pr«.achrr has had a rea
sonable amount of success In his theat
rical aspirations Is asserted by those who
have recently been advised of his rp.ove
ments. Davis had a part in Charles Cogh
lan's company in New York and still later
traveled with one of the Frohman road
companies. Without definite information
on the subject his friends infer that the
young man has now cut out the theatrical
profession as his life work. His bent was
in that direction and his ministerial labors
in Oakland were, strongly tinctured with
the dramatic.
Mrs. Davis busied herself to-day In de
nying a large number of rumors which
had floated about concerning the domestic
troubles. She Insisted that jealousy was
not at the bottom of her complaint. Like
wise she was emphatic in her declaration
that her husband was not a victim of the
green-eyed monster.
"There was never any trouble of that
kind between us." said Mrs. Davis. "I
had be^n playing a leading part in "The
Prodigal Father in New York and went
on the road when my health gave out.
and I returned to my parents In Oakland.
I was forced of necessity to adopt the
stape, not through any love for the theat
rical profession: but now that I have
taken up the work I propose to go ahead
and make a success of It."
Mrs. Davis Intended to po East to
night. She says the publicity given her
plans has delayed her temporarily and
some days may elapse before she departs.
Mrs. Kinpore, the young woman's
mother, has stated that many letters have
been received by her daughter from the
husband in the Last and that they abound
with sentiments of affection and devotion.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1900.
CONFESSION OF
HIS WIFE GIVES
HIM A DIVORCE
Rev. Guy W. Smith Released
From His Matrimonial
Obligations.
Woman's Admission of Her Error
Is Used by the Clergyman
to Secure His
Freedom.
Oaklar.d Office San Francisco Call,
111$ Broadway. April IS.
Rev. Guy W. Smith, pastor of the First
Christian Church, has been freed frcm the
matrimonial chain which bound him to
Laura M. Smith. Upon testimony which
Mrs. Smith furr.ished the clergyman was
t;ra.nted a divorce to-day by Judge Ogden.
In all the ramifications of this unusual
case nothing has teen more peculiar than
the attitude cf the wife, who came 1500
rei'.es from her horse in Nebraska to make
th« way easy for the severance cf the
xr.arita! bonds. Even wniie the case has
been pendir.g before the court the wife,
who had voluntarily abandoned her rights.
J.as been the s^est cf her husband's par
rr.ts at Pacific Grove. Although the ax:
cusatiori in the divorce complaint was of
v most eorious character, the testimony
•rhlcb caused the granting of the decree
casa« practically from the lips of the ac
. j>ed woman, for It was her voluntary
:jl> of error which her husband used as
the basis of his action for divorce.
There was no effort made by Mrs. Smith
to refute any of the charge.*, nor was any
testimony taken beyond that which was
legally sufiicient to establish the proof.
The case was contested at no point. As
soon as the stautory preliminaries had
Veen fully met, the case in regular order
was referred to the Court Commissioner.
Before him the testimony m« taken and
then sent bark to Judge Ogden. who has
had it uTider judicial examination for eev
crai wteks.
Contributed to Charity.
The. Ladles' United Hebrew Benevolent
Society has received $25 from the estate of
the late Llllle Crocker.
HTONO, a Japanese, Is a waiter
and Ah Wing, a cook, at 2215 Cal
ifornia street. The relations be
° tween them "have been strained
for some time, as the Japanese was al
ways tormenting Ah Wing about the way
his countrymen had been beaten during
the late unpleasantness between the two
nations. A climax of their trouble was
reached Tuesday evening.
The lady of the house instructed Tono
to tell "James," as the cook is dubbed, to
make a strawberry shortcake for dessert.
Tono hurried to the kitchen with the or
der. Ah Wing bears a striking re
semblance •to his namesake, the prize
9
Tono Had the First Laugh on His Enemy, but. Ah Wing Laughed Best.
MILITARY DRILL OF
COLUMBIA PARK BOYS
The annual competitive drill of the mill
tan' department of the Columbia Park
Boys' Club took place last evening at
Hoover Hall. The friends of the young
soldiers were present and applauded their
work. First the four companies drilled
separately. They were commanded as fol
lows: Company A, Lieutenant Thomas
McKay; B. Lieutenant James Rogers; C,
Lieutenant Milton Birnbaum; D, Lieuten
ant Louis Holm. They drilled earnestly
for the flag which was the trophy of yic
torv. The judges— Ashley R. Farless, for
merly first lieutenant or the First Cali
fornia Volunteers, and Clarence A. faon.
formerly sergeant in the same regiment—
decided'that Company D was the winner.
Following the drill Lieutenant James
Rogers and Sergeant Major Alex More
and Lieutenant Thomas McKay and Chief
Musician Johnson were paired at single
sticks. The winners were More and Mc-
Kay. _
Railroad Club Ball.
Club No 1 of San Francisco, Railway
Employes' Association of California, will
give its first invitation ball at Odd Fel
lows' Hail' on Friday evening, April 20.
As this club Is composed of employes of
all the departments of the Southern Pa
cific Company in San Francisco, it is ex
pected that this will be the most success
ful and representative railroad affair ever
held in this city. Some very unique fea
tures have been adopted In the line of
decoration, the various railroad signal
lights buntings and flags being used in
conjunction with two immense electric
locomotive headlights. The affair is to be
under the management of various com
mittees composed of representative em
ployes of all departments In the railway
service. _
Quarters in Hall of Justice.
The Supervisors' Building Commlttet
yesterday decided to visit the Hall of
justice at 12:30 o'clock to-day in order to
adjust the differences existing between
District Attorney Byington and Superior
Judges Cook, Dunne and Lawlor with re
irard to the quarters allotted to them In
the now structure. The claim Is made
that Byington has been given too much
room, to the exclusion of the Judges.
To Bury Their Troubles.
The members of the Cooks' Association
of the Pacific Coast announce the obse
quies of "Our Troubles," to be held on
Saturday evening. April 21, at 11 Stock
ton street. On the occasion a general
good time will be had under the direction
of Henry Becker, undertaker. V. J. Quar
tararo, sexton, Louis Fourniguier and M.
Consin, grave diggers.
Opium for a Prisoner.
Samuel Harris, a plumber residing at
514 Bush street, called at Branch County
Jail No. 2 yesterday to see a prisoner,
William Gilbert. Deputy Sheriff F. E.
Wallace saw Harris slip a package Into
Gilbert's hand and he promptly seized It.
The package contained enough opium to
last Gilbert for months. Harris was ar
rested and taken to the City Prison.
¦i m ¦
Sentenced for Burglary.
James B. Hilaker was sentenced yester
day by Judge Carroll Cook to three years
In San Quentln for burglary.
¦m ¦ -
EIGHT-HOUR BILL
READY FOR ACTION
House Sub-Committee Reach a De
cision on the Final Form of
the Measure.
WASHINGTON. April 18.— The House
Sub-committee on Labor, in charge of
the Gardner eight-hour bill, reached a de
cislon to-day on the final form of the bill
and on several amendments, all of which
will be reported to the full Committee on
Labor next Friday, when It Is expected
final action will be taken. The bill has
attracted much attention In labor circles,
being actively urged by the American
Federation of Labor, and has been ener
getically opposed by many large steel,
armor, ship building and ammunition
concerns doing business with the Govern
ment, as the measure will have the effect
of fixing an eight-hour day on armor and
like commodities and in the building of
warships.
The amendments adopted to-day are in
tended to overcome objections raised dur
ing recent extended hearings. One of
them provides that the act snail not ap
ply to transportation. This, is to over
come the objection that goods en route
to a factory where Government work was
being done might be held up because the
trainhands did not conform to the eight
hour rule. Another amendment provides
that the act shall not apply to goods
bought by the Government in open mar
ket. This is to overcome the objection
that the eight-hour restriction could be
carried back to the mines, lumber camps
and all "points producing raw material
which later, goes Into Government arti
cles. These and other amendments are
destined to free the measure from the
chief objection brought against it, and
some of them were drafted by the Feder
ation of Labor authorities. The action of
the sub-committee was not unanimous to
day In ordering a report.
Miner Murders His Wife.
BUTTE, Mont, April 18.— Peter Demp
sey, a miner, this evening Bhot and killed
his wife in their rooms on Main street.
They had been married only a short time
and quarreled continuously. -She left him
recently, but returned on Saturday. They
Quarreled again to-day arid he. killed her."
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April IS.—Representa
tive Barham to-day was informed by Su
perintendent Kimball of the Life-saving
Service that a cable telephone line be
tween the Humboldt Bay life-saving sta
tion and Eureka had been authorized.
This cable will connect the entire light
house system with the life-saving sta
tions.
Senator Perkins visited the Navy De
partment to-day to confer with officials
regarding the establishment of a coaling
station at San Diego. He has strong
hope that the department will decide to
locate the coaling station there, in view
of the proposed improvement of San
Diego harbor, which will allow the entry
of larger battleships and cruisers. The
only opposition of the department officials
to the establishment of this station haa
arisen from the inability of the largest
warships to enter the harbor. With this
objection removed, as it will b« by the
work in the harbor now contemplated, it
is probable that the department in a tew
days will give a favorable decision In the
matter.
Secretary of the Interior Hitchcock to
day sent a letter to Chairman Lacey of
the House Committee on Public Lands
concurring in the recomendation of com
missioner Hermann 6f the General Land
Office, that the Senate bill granting the
use of Lake Tahoe Reserve to the Lnl
versity of California be not passed by-
Congress. An adverse report was made
by Commissioner Hermann and Secretary
Hitchcock on a similar bill recently intro
duced In the House. The main reasons for
reporting adversely are that the. greater
portion of the reserve is covered with
merchantable timber, and that the privi
lege of disposing of its products is too
valuable to give to any private institu
tion, and sucfi action might be used as a
precedent in similar propositions relating
to other forest reservations.
The California delegation was to-day
accorded an extended conference by Sec
retary of the Interior Hitchcock. The
llrst matter discussed was the California
mineral lands bill. While this bill here
tofore has been favorably reported upon
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, it has never been officially indorsed
by the Secretary of the Interior. The
bill Is now before him for consideration
and it was the desire and object of the
delegation to consider the matter at
length with him, with a view of securing
his affirmative indorsement. Attorney
General Tlrey L. Ford of California par
ticipated in the conference. The various
points touched upon by the bill were gone
over in detail, and some suggestions were
made by the Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. The Secretary expressed
himself "as in sympathy with the objects
of the bill. He recommended certain
amendments affecting the operation of
the bill, which later will be submitted to
the Committee on Public Lands in his
report. The delegation is satisfied he
will approve the bill. This will be a very
advantageous step in the way of its
passage. The delegation came away well
pleased with the interview.
The second matter considered was the
question of the acquisition of the Cala
veras grove of big trees. The situation
seems to be that the Secretary has exer
cised every endeavor to obtain these trees
for a reasonable consideration, j He has
not been met with any fair proposition,
but It appears that those who are.con
trolling uhe groves are Insisting upon a
price that Is extortionate and unreason
able. The unanimous opinion of those
present at the conference was that any
demands of this kind should be resisted.
It Is evident from the disposition of the
Secretary of the Interior <hat he is ex
ceedingly anxious to acquire the groves
for the Government. The California dele
gation In Congress Is likewise anxious to
bring about this result, but all, parties
agree that no extortionate and extrava
gant price should be paid. What the next
step«will be has not yet been determined,
but It is certain that Mr. Whlteslde and
those In control of the groves are not go
ing to realize any extortionate figure for
those trees.
Pensions for . Calif ornians — Original:
Thomas B. Baxter. Anaheim. JS. Increase
—James Sweeney, San Francisco, $6 to tf :
Jeremiah Keniff, San Francisco. $8 to $10;
Charles Ferber. Alameda, $6 to $17. Origi
nal widow and special accrued April 5—
Minor of Ira Rouse, La Grange, $10.
Oregon: Original— Wallace A. Shlfflet.
Monument. $6. Original widow, etc.—Eliz
abeth Beidler. Wallpwa. $8.
Washington: Restoration and Increase-
John Grant (dead), Arlington. $6 to $8.
Original widow, etc.— Angle Grant, Arling
ton. $S. |
Free delivery service will be established
at nakersfleld, Cal.. on May 1. with
Ralph E. Galloway and Laurel O. Stevens
carriers.
Immigration Commissioner Powderly
hnn written to Senator Perkins acknowl
edging the receipt of a copy of the protest
of a labor council at San Francisco
against the admission to this country of
laborers now being detained at certain
points In Manitoba pending a decision of
the. Treasury Department. Commissioner
Powderly promises to give the protest his
careful consideration.
Clayoquot Picked Up.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 18.— Telegraphic
advices from Alberta report the coasting
steamer Clayoquot being picked up by the
Willapa with a broken shaft and leaking
and about three feet of water In the hold.
She had struck rough weather Just off
Wreck Bay while returning from Clayo
quot, where she had been dispatched with
cannery supplies. The captain and crew
made shore with the ship's Ijoat and were
ultimately taken back. to Clayoquot town
by one of the sloops.
King Oscar in London.
LONDON, April IS.-Klng Oscar and the
Queen of Sweden and Norway have ar
riven In London. '
MID-ROAD POPULISTS
ADOPT A NEW NAME
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. April IS.— The mid
dle-of-the-road Populists at their mass
convention to-day effected a permanent
State organization and adopted a new
name — the Progressive People's party. The
name will be presented to the national
convention for ratification. The platform
demands legislation on lines demanded in
the Omaha platform; urges the reduction
of State and count}" salaries to correspond
with the prices paid for products; de
nounces both the old parties for failure
to enact initiative and referendum legisla
tion for the protection of corporation in
terests and for legislation for the protec
tion of national banks; condemns W. J.
Bryan and John D. Rockefeller for their
alleged connection with trusts, and espe
cially censures the Democratic State ad
ministration because of Its disregard of
the paramount Interests of the people.
A full State ticket, headed by Richard
Thomas of Saline County for Governor,
was named. Captain W. C. Aldridge, a
farmer of California, Mo., who was the
favorite candidate for Governor, declined
the nomination. The convention selected
twenty-five delegates to the Cincinnati
convention and sixteen Presidential elec
tors. The delegates to the Cincinnati con
vention were instructed to vote first and
last for "Wharton Barker for President and
Ignatius Donnelly for Vice President.
Three or four delegates spoke In favor of
the nomination of Tom Watson of Georgia
for President, but they were unable to
bring out many Watson votes.
Sent Back to Australia.
Solomon Levy, the boy from Australia
who claimed to be a nephew of Rabbi
Levy and turned out to be a sneak thief,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday.
The rabbi told the Judge that the boy's
passage had been paid on the Moana,
which left last night for Australia, and
after being severely lectured by the Judge
he was discharged. The rabbi said the
boy claimed to be a son of his dead
brother, but he doubted the truth of the
statement.
¦ ? ¦
Will Read De Regnier's Works.
"With special permission of Mr. de Reg
nler, now visiting San Francisco, a French
reading from the works of the eminent
author will be given by I* D. Ventura at
the rooms of the California Club, Ellis
and Mason streets, Tuesday, April 24. at
11 a. m. The programme will censlst of
selections from "La Canne de Jaspe,"
••Apalsement," "Sites," "Les Lende
mains," "Episodes," etc.
RAFAEL KNOCKED OUT.
Turner Gets a Decision Over Him in
the Fifth Round.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. April 18.— Frank Rafael of
San Francisco was knocked out In the
third round of what was to have been a
twenty-round bout before the Stockton
Athletic Association In this city to-night.
The men fought at 133 pounds. Superin
tendent George Eckhardt of the Athletic
Club refereed the fight. Turner was a
favorite in the betting In this city, the
odds being 10 to 8. In the first round
Rafael reached Turner's solar plexus with
a terrific left. The colored lad's face was
contorted with pain and he dropped his
hands. Rafael came in: Turner clinched.
After the breakaway it was give and take,
both men landing lefts and rights, being
equally clever at infighting. Rafael was
cautioned for hitting in clinches. The
second round was torrid, neither man
having the best of It. The white man
tried to finish the contest In the third. He
landed a left on Turner's face. Rafael
tried a right: Turner crossed him with a
left hook square on the point of the Jaw
as the white man was coming in. Rafael
dropped and was out for fully a minute.
Considerable money changed hands on the
In a preliminary "Doc" Flynn of San
Francisco gained a decision over Benny
Hart (colored) of Stockton In ten roundi.
Mountain Lion Captured.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
MONTEREY, April IS.— A large moun
tain lion was captured in a trap near the
Arroyo Seco, about half a mile from the
home of A. H. Abbott, a rancher of this
section. The animal measured 6even and
three-quarters feet from Jlp to tall and
is a magnificent specimen. Mr. Abbott
has taken him to Salinas to sell to a
showman.
SUNDAY'S CAI I
A Startling Sensation
Will Appear on the Front Page.
Look Out For It . ¦ . ;';
First Prisoner of the Filipinos
An Oakland Lad Tells His Own Story.
Horrors of a Manila Hospital.
A Stanford Boy Relates His Experiences.
The Greek Church of America.
San Francisco Chosen the See City.
Shakespearean Relics.
They Are Coming to California.
Maude Adams and That Gold
Statue Affair. *
Electrical Indian Clubs, Wing-
less Birds, Odd Pets.
.: Freak Pages That Astonish.
Barbed Wire Telephone Town
Many Other Bright, Newsy Features Well
Written and Perfectly Illustrated.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
fighter, and his fighting blood began to i
boil.
"Me no sabee," he said, with a sneer.
Tono repeated the order and Wing made
the same reply. Tono complained to the
lady and she went with him to the kitchen
and asked Wing for an explanation. He
said he would not take an order from
Tono and she chided him for his conduct.
As soon as she left the kitchen Tono
began to laugh at Wing, who seized a
poker and struck Tono on the head. Tono,
although stunned, circled round Wing,
trying to grab hold of his queue, and Wing
smashed him again on the head with the
poker. This was too much for Tono and
he fled. Just as he disappeared out of the
kitchen door Wing hit him again on the
head with the poker and chased him Into
the street. Tono kept on the run till he
reached the Japanese Gospel Mission on
Geary street, where he told his tale of
woe. He was taken to the Receiving: Hos
pital, where his wounds were dressed and
yesterday morning he appeared with an
interpreter before Judge Mogan and swore
to a warrant for Wing's arrest on the
charge of batter)'- He told the Judge
through the Interpreter that he did not
mind being hit with a poker, but it hurt
his feelings to be "licked" by a Chinese.
• >inR was arrested yesterday afternoon
and was released on giving $10 cash ball.
He declared he would make It exceedingly
warm for Tono If he ever returned to the
house.BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
* BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Ean FranclßCO
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o" clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFKICES—D27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. .
500 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
r?9 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
Clo Lsrkin etreet; open until 9:SO p. m.
3811 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
_T1 Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open
3W Hlevcr.th street: open until 8 p. m.
ICS6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
ir?3 Polk ttreet: open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Mreetf; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFOHNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _JV_
EVENING. April IS, at 7:30 o - clock. Xsc
fpcffliJ d"gree. By order of the /vr 1
master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
DORIC Lodge No. TIC. F. and A. M.— a
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _f\_
KVENING. at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-JEJf
gree. Master Maaona are invited. By
order of ihe W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. .— t"»irr-
r. v ::; initiate this ¦ th^R^ -_/!£__%__¦
DAY) EVKNIXG, April 19, 1500.
Visitors 1 welcome. -^//H^
FRED D. ASHWORTH. N. G.
ADOLPHUS ORAUPNER. Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Red Dog Mining Company
end South Yuba Water Company, ln th» Red
Dc-g i:..:.*r. near You Bet Station. Nevada
County, to deposit tailings ln Grsenhorn
Creek; from Martin Kline, in the Bowlder
Hill rr.lne. near Placervil'.e. El Dorado Coun-
ty, to dex>o«it tallir.gß in a ravine below the
ir.ine; from <J. E. Volmer. ln the Little Klon-
_yke placer mine, near Placerville. El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings ln Coon Hollow
Creek, and from E. W. Hayden. in the Bluff
placer mine, near Mountain Ranch, Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings ln a ravine below
the mine, gives notice that a meeting will be
hrld at room T9. Flood building. San Fran-
clfco. Cal.. on April 30, ISOO, at 1:30 p. m.
ENGROSSING ~ ~ ~
Resolutions and diplomas a specialty. J. W.
Griffith. Healdf Business College, ti Post at.
AfiFNTS y'A x Js n -
KXPERIENCED building and loan agents.
Room 1406, Claus Spreckels building.
A GOOD preposition for ladies or gentlemen.
1140 Market gt.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. fcIAEERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
cgist and p&lmiet ln the world: satisfaction
guaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; di\ - orce law a specialty ; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atfy at law, 650 Market, cor. Stocktn.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
phone Davis 234. 410 Kearny it.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. PAVIDPON. SC7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MEIiZRACH. attorney-at-law. has re-
rumed practice at E. 03 Cal. Bt.. Clunie bldg.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
UATII CABINET— HOT AIK^VAPOR.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; door opens firm
and cafe. W. P. BROWN, gen, apt.. 426 Ellis.
BELGLAS HAKES.
THE AJ-EBXCAN RABUITRY.
W. li. ifiNK JR., Proprietor.
Finest imported Btlpian Hares ia the United
£t_tes.
See our matniin^ent young buck.
BAXNOOKBURN.
A worthy offspring of the gre_t Lord Ban bury.
PRINCESS ZENIA.
The most beautiful imj>crted doe in America,
Tfcis week we will sell Yukon does bred to
J3_nno«.kburn for $12 DO.
Young Sir Banbury does same price.
See before you buy and get good value for
your money.
Flock l>y champion cf the world Fashoda.
Champion Hdlnboro 11. Champion Lord Ban-
bury. Chanuion Yukon, Champion Dash, Blr
Etvles, Lord Edinboro and Trinidad.
Park Avenue. Emeryville.
One block from San Pablo-sve. cars.
AT F. E. MASON'S. 1710 Everett St.. Ala-
nu-da— ••LOliD ESSEX." lmport«l, fee $20;
"Ttddy Roosevelt," winner first prize Los
Amreles, fee Sl5; "Dandy Styles." own son 1
or "Sir Styles." fee $U; "Britain Prince."
own son of "Lord Britain" and "Avalanche,"
fee $15; "General Washington" (heavyweight).
eon of "Star Buck." fee $10; does bred to
these bucks from $10 up; closed Sundaya.
WESTERN' ADDITION RABBITRY. 2107 Cali-
fornia st. ; salesroom, stall 12. Union-square j
Market. O'Farrell and Powell eta.; choice
I>ed;_Tee_ stock.
ATTENTION— TREMONT BELGIAN HARE
'¦<">.. 2UI Fillmore St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Send 6 cents ln slaxcps for bock on ca^e and
feeding. The cheajiest and best treatise on
The Fubject.
SALESROOM fcr the Laurel Dell Babbitry of
Salinas, Cal.. at«th<» Montgomery Market, 73J
Market Ft.: acents _or the Meadow Brook
TMgian Har* Company of Los Angeles.
VICTORIA RABBITRY— Headed by « Palace
Royal, pcorlag C prizes; ether bucks at stud I
end for tale; doe* of all grades and strains, j
tired and unbred. 1277 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd.
FOR Fale — Pedigreed Belgian hares; from $5
upward. MARKET-FT. RABEITRY. W. C.
IJEXTHAM. proprietor, 1522 Market Bt.
MASCOT RAP.BITRY. 427 Eutter St.. S. F. Fine
r-^igreed stock guaranteed; at reasonable
price*; service. $15 and $25.
•THE Fr.cinal RaM.ltry. Haslett & Bew. 1222
Grand Et., Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
CHOICE alfalfa for Belgian hares. 20 Golden
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
CCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holrre« P.onk rvi.. 704 Mi««lrn Ft., near Third.
HOOT AM) SHOE lIARGAINS.
BARGAINS in ladies' and children's shoes;
drummers' camples at manufacturer's coat.
J. KOHLBECKKR. 145 Fourth St.
BESLM-SS CHANCES.
A^OL_>^_STABLIEHED roadhouse with over
one acre of ground; bouse of 7 furnished
rooms, with barroom, piano, etc.; rent $30.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 90C Market et.
A— S9OO— BAZAAR and notion store, with 3 fine
living rooms; rents $22 SO; a good paying bus-
lnees; stock values the price; best location* on
principal street. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— flSO; CORNER candy and ice cream parlor,
one block north of Market; splendid business.
Call R. G. WILKE, SOS Market st.
A— slSO9; BAKERY on leading business street;
Wester- Addition; rent $Ci; 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovenk; baking 2'? barrels per day: sick-
ness cause of s_e. See R. G. WILKE. 906
Market st.
A— soiO; PARTNER wanted in old established
and first-class paying corner saloon; retiring
partner to leave for Nome; a splendid offer.
Call R. G. WILKE. &06 Market st.
A— S2-5O; CORNER bjlIooh; established for many
years and doing a rushing business; rent
J<2 t-0; best location on Sansome Et. ; owner
clears above $11 <0 per month. It. G. WILKE,
Joe Market Bt.
A-$750; CORNER ealoon, with 11 club and la-
_ies' rooms; rent $40: place established for
years; very best location; firet class; paying.
Call R. G. WILKE, SO6 Market Bt.
A-t22'.0; CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
n.; rent 525, including rooms; large stock of
liquors and proceries: a- flret-c'.ass. paying
•business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A-$2000; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
living rooms.: rtut $~9; Z years' lease: the best
corner on Mission ¦_; place doing a good
raying cash business; full value ln eight.
Call It. O. WILKE. ?06 Market Et.
A— I-"*; CIGAR ptore; clearing %t dally: splen-
did location: Market and Kast sts.; rent $12.
Cal! n. G. WILKE. SO6 Market Et.
A—s4s3A — $4530 — ON account of Icrge and increasing |
buslnf-ss, young rr.an grants partner In dairy !
produce business; controls first-class trade; i
fine outside route; g(X)d horses and wagons; j
full set of- machinery; everything favorable
for rai>:d Increase: must have help; clears
$300 per month; best references; must be able '
to k*e:> plain laccounts; act as cashier, look j
_ftT help, etc?: mvner there 9 years. STEN-l
BnitG CO.. 2:5 Market st.
11703— VARIETY theater: half intereFt for sale,
a good ep^cuiatlon. Apply to J. E. SLIXKEY
& CO., HI! corner Fifth and Market sts.
BOTTLING l>eer bu^nefs for pale: well estab-
lished: Mrlct investigation permitted. 'See J
_. BLINKEY _ CO., 1 Fifth St.. cor. Market.
PARTNER wanted In a flrst-class printing of-
iU-e. See SLINK EY _ CO.. SE. cor. Market
Riid Fifth Els.
tTIO — SALOOX on East rt.: paying business:
rent $CO. Apply to DECKER. 1029 Market st.
f2750— -GROCERY and bar: paying business;
roust sell. DECKER. 1020 Market at,
QUICK Fales !s our motto,
fhould you wart to buy. sell or exchange any
property or Irj-ir.ess, we are able to please
v:u in every respect. BROCKLEIIURST _
MEGLADDERY. 7:9 Market Bt.
A^T-OAL and wood yard; a big bargain. COW- '
ING _ CO.. 713 Market gt.
tIUPT be sold at once— Restaurant doing a flne
business ot 13 Grant aye. For particular* call
on EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO.. CSS Market.
BUSINESS CHANCEC— Con tinned.
12100— WINERY near the city; everything com-
plete; cooperage 30,000 gallons; buildings and
property Included: bargain; departure cause
of tale. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.. TIIM Market.
$500— MECHANICS' Hotel, near the city; bar-
gain this day. McLaughlln _ Co.. 777V6 Mrkt.
je&— TAILOR shop; bargain; on • account of
death. See McLaughlin _ Co.. 777V4 Market.
Jl50 — PARTNER wanted: paying business. Mc-
LA UG HLJN & CO.. 777H Market at.
$250— CIGAR stand; good paying business. Mo-
LAI'GHLIN _ CO.. 777^ Market et.
$1500— Old established corner saloon; bargain;
going to Cape Nome cause of sale. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 V& Market Bt.
$200— PARTNER wanted in good paying saloon;
steady man required. McLAUGHLIN _ CO..
7T7Vs Market et^
STATIONERY, school supplies; flne location;
near 4 school houses; low rent; clean, new
stock and fixtures. Box 46E3. Call.
$2000 CABH or security; grocery and bar; flne
stock: gcod location; no agents wanted. 30
Lily avo.
$150— PARTNER wanted ln paying business;
trial given; investigate. 632 Market, room 16.
3-STORY house for sale, to be removed, at a
bargain. 823 O'Farrell st.
FOR sale— An established manufacturing busi-
ness for the reproduction or restoration of
hair: rights and patents all clear: doing an
Al business and receiving orders from every
direction. BROCKELHURST _ MEGLAD-
DERY, 759 Market St. .
DRUG store for sale; $2000; ln a good residence
section of Oakland; clean stock, modern fix-
tures and a firEt-class location; any one wish-
Ing to take advantage of this offer must ce.ll
poon as owner Is going into the manufactur-
ing business. Address box 2754, Call office,
Oakland.
HOME bakery, old-established place; call and
tee: a flne chance for fancy baker. Box 4665,
Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED butcher business; cash
register, safe and icehouse; owner leaving the
city; cheap. Apply at 1206 Valencia st.
BA RBERS— 2-chalr shop, with baths, in near-
by country town. Deckelman Bros., 106 Ellis.
BARBER shop for sale; on account of depart-
ure. Cor. Railroad and Seventh ayes., Bouth.
FOR sale cheap; saloon and 6tore fixtures; bar
counters, shelvlngs. eto. 309 Fourth st.
; MUST sell cheap: hay, grain, wood and coal
business; established 20 years. 522 Howard.
GOOD paying dairy, delicacy store; living rms.;
must sell: departure. W., box 4656, Call.
COUNTRY general store for eale— Complete
stock, horse and wagon, etc.; well-built fur-
nished house, modern conveniences; large
grounds, barn, stables and chicken-houses;
about 200 head choice poultry, cow; well-pay-
ing business: no opposition: beautiful climate
and surroundings: price $4"i00 carti; house,
etc., cost more; owner has Important interests
north. C. WILLMOTT. 916 Market St.. S. F.
FOR 6ale cheap— Complete brlckmaking plant;
gasoline engine: Quaker machine; capacity
15,000: located on Donahue road: convenient"
fcr shipping. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
CO., Hilton. Sonoma County. Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
nished rooms, all rented: near car houses and
transfers; rent $35 .-.going to Cape Nome.
1915 Central ave^ '
BARBER shop— Well established; good, grow-
ing location; reasonable. 223 Fillmore at...
near Halght. ¦
A— BUTTER, eggs, coffee and tea route. Apply
after 4 p. m., 16JS Eleventh aye.. Sunset dls-
trlct.
BAKERY store. 1105 Howard St.; 4 rooms, w-lth
large uv£n and tools to let low; location excel-
jent.
SHOE shop for sale; good location. 2007^ Flll-
more st.
FOR sale— 2 good milk routes and dairy store;
2 fine wagons: 3 head of horses; business
speaks for itself. Box 4655. CalL
$3000 — FOR sale; a flne corner drugstore; owner
l;as two places; place is making big money.
AddrtßS box 3015. Call office.
BARGAIN— Good paying dairy; 17 cows, 3
horses, route, etc.; only $1100; must Eell im-
mediately. Lock box 127, Fruitvale P. O.
WELL-ESTABLISHED branch bakery, candy
and notion store cheap; reasons, going back
East. Sl6 Railroad aye. South.
$l£oo— FOR eale: one of the best located res-
taurants in city: owner has two places; a
fortune to the right party. Ad. box 3017, Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Et. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦übscriptiot— has been established at 1096 Va-
lenda st.
LODGING iiouSES-.TOK SALE.
ES-ROOM hotel and bar at _ bargain.
XX) rooms; rent $30; clears $200 $1300
IS rooms; on Third st 250
17 rooms; on Jones Et GOO
6 rooms and bath '.. 200
PAYMENTS TO SUIT ON ANY HOUSE.
30 rooms; restaurant and bar: in Stockton 750
3C>-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash.... 2200
8-room flat: new; elegant 250 j
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call office 500
S7 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market st.; worth $12» 800
10 rooms; on Ma«on st. ; payments 450
S6 rooms; on Market Ft.; payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN El.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Lodging houses, all parts of city.
4 of 7 r. ; 8 of 9 r. ; Bof 10 r. : 7 of 12 r. ;
tof 14 r. : 6of 18 r. ; 7of 21 r. ; Bof 26 r. ;
4 of 32 r. ; 8 of 36 r. ; 4of 40 r. ; 6 of 30 r. ;
And many more. Please call for particulars.
$900— 34-ROOM house: flne location; all rented:
must sell; sickness: 704 Howard St., near
Third. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
SNAP; $175: 18 rooms, all rented: good loca-
tion; cause of selling, sickness. Hustle, 3 Eddy.
R. H.SviNSTON _ CO
1026 Market St
20 rooms $'.00 I 22 rooms $700
43 rooms $S;iO I 41 rooms $425
65 rooms $1700 | 60 rooms $2000
$575— ELEGANTLY furnished house, 9 rooms,
bath, laundry: nice yard; permanent roomers;
profitable Investment; 4 blocks from Market
Et. ; new 'and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
$275— HOUSE of 9 nicely furnished rooms;
rooms all rented; pood location; rent $32 50.
Pacific Exchange, 1016 Market st.
GOOD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
Thlrd-st. corner, near Market: 30 sunny
rooms: brick building: fine location. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., Cl 4 Call bldg.
$200— LODGING-HOUSE for sale. 233 Third at. ;
11 rooms. ; .:
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW _ 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ har-
ness, work _ driving horses. 15th _ Valencia,
SELLING cut. half cost. 100 sets harness, 200
wacons. 1140 Folnom nt. near Eighth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 333-337 Tehama Bt.; tel. S. 40. •
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Worka. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Bth St.: tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228: lowest rates.'
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth Bt.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate «ye. ; telephone East 126. •'¦¦'
~ SPIRITUALISM. ~~~~
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Tne World's Mo«t Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to .the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medlclr^s," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all Bkln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
che has made are the talk cf the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway. ¦-..¦ .•¦- -.-. "
CIRCLE to-day. 2 p. m. : C. Mayo Steers,
trance medium. 112V4 Oak St.; readings.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: sit. dally; consult, free;
meeting to-night: all Invited. 148 6th. rm. 1.
MRS. HARRISON, spiritual medium: 43 Sixth;
t circle even- evening: 10c; sittings dally.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future. 23c. 148 Sixth St.. room 12.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Frf: eve.. 10c;
read.. L. 2Sc. O. SOc. 1204 Fillmore, nr. Turk.
MEDA HOSKINS, spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket. bet. 10th and Uth; dr. Mon.. 8 P. m.
MME. VERLEIN. life and card reader; bual-
nesg advice COc. _27V_ Post Bt. ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ .-
MRS. j. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. Dullness
medium, life reader; sitting. |_ 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 203 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced she reveals every hidden mys-
stery; she will Bhow you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
lost affections; unite the separated; recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while ln a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk at., near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; «hows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; Una
on races. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MRS HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton, Is located at 43
Sixth st.; spiritual labor readings; readings
dally from 9 a.m. to 7 p. m.; circles every eve.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice tn difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st.. near Larkln.
MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium: re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt.. r. 15.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyand and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op. Mint.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh St.. original grypsy
life reader; last week; readings 25c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 512% Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth Bt.
MMF SYBILLB— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell gt.
CAPE NOME. „__
I WILL sell half Interest in one or two placer
mining claims: reasonable; worth investiga-
tion. Address box 3455. Call office.
CAPE Nome rocker; cheapest, lightest and
begt: latest improvements. 19UV& Mission.
"~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$9 AND $10 — Cottages, 4 rooms; good order;
water free. Apply premises, 945 Bryant, or
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
~~' DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 827
Market at. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from SOc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25: teeth
without a plate: crown and trldge work our
specialty: 6ee our flesh-colored* plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings, SOc; crowns. $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st. -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; e°ld crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free; $4 £0 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crown;", $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods ln bridge work: fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c: painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 569 Mlsslon.cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $3
per set: extracting 50c; gas glven^
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75?. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; platen, $3: crowns,
11. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk: painless
ext.. crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st.: crown-
bridge work: ext. painless; full set teeth 37
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S.lO Market.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR CREELEY*S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
. nnlmnls treated: docs boarded. Tel. West 636. j
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking: late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
6. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.: dresses
made. $3 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
tpying. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, ciril. electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new 60-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market at.. San Francisco.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket: bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
scholarship, $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full I course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1003 Mission ;vlolln, guitar.
FRENCH. Spanlsb.etc.Prof.De Flllppe'B Academy
of languages,32O Poßt;estah'd 1871 ; ablest profs.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty:
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. ,SO6H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell Bt.: tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office-
Best help. 417 Powell st., telephone Clay 88.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
neye. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl, very best refer-
ences, wants Dositfon In country, toward San
Jose: J25. Call or write C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
SPANISH-AMERICAN woman wishes position
as housekeeper with family or party going to
Cape Nome; speaks Spanish and English. Ad-
dress 297 Shipley st
STRONG woman wants work by the day wash-
ing, housecleaning or offices; wages $1. Ap-
ply 212 Clara st. (rear).
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do house-
work and plain cooking; wages $15 to $16. £.02
Bush st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation ¦ general
housework or housekeeping; good plain cook;
$12 to $15; no objection to country. 11 Taylor.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
• by the day; $1 50; will take work home; per-
fect fit guaranteed. Address 233 Ellis st.
AN old lady. Protestant and trustworthy,
wishes a light position in a nice small fam-
lly. MRS. C. 431 Precita aye.
HOUSEKEEPER, experienced In hotel, wants
PQB.; reas. sal. Bus.. Woman's Club, 927 Mkt.
GOOD plain cook wishes position; will do gen-
eral housework. 419 Minna st.
LADY wishes to do laundry work at home. 2245
Mission st. __^ , ,
YOUNG healthy woman would like position as
wetnurse. Apply 3112 Webster st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework* city or country. 44 Russ.
GIRL wants work in small restaurant ln
kitchen to assist. 106 ft Third at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED North German woman with
girl of 6 wishes situation as housekeeper or
cook in country: state wages and particulars.
MRS. T.. 951 Mission St.. basement.
ELDERLY woman, experienced, reliable cook,
active and strong, speaks German, wishes
position in good boarding house or religious
institution; country or- city. 671 Seventh st..
Oakland. ¦ .
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants situa-
tion as housekeeper, city or short distance ln
country: wages $15. Apply 1331 Scott St., near
O'Farrell. ¦
EXPERIENCED Swedish woman wishes place
as laundress for Institution. Please call or
address E. 8., 413 First St.. second floor.
POSITION as working housekeeper by Swed-
ish widow with 1 child 3 years old. Call or
address 3902 Twenty-fourth st.
YOUNG woman wishes situation as workln*
housekeeper: understands care of children.
Box 3456. Call office. -¦
SCANDINAVIAN girl -desires position as nura*
or. companion to lady en route for Paris;
knows French; no wages; city reference. Call
2C23 California st.
MAN and wife would like to take care of house
during owner's absence. Address box 4690, Call.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $150 to $«
week, convenient and respectable; fre* ou»
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.: open until 9 P. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109f Va-
lencia et. _____________
EMPLOYSIENT WANTED MAL E.
A THOROUGHLY practical man In grain
farming, orchard, vineyard, dairy and stock
Is open for engagement as superintendent or
foreman; have had twelve years' experience
in California and can give satisfactory refer-
ences. Address box 4651. Call office.
DANISH man. 60 years old. wants situation;
has been working 12 years In private family
as coachman, gardener and man about place;
email wages; best of reference. Address or
call 331 Kearny St.. room 43.
ENGINEER wants position: city or country;
operate any make of engine; large or small
plant; competent and reliable: flrst-class city
references. Box 2756, Call office. Oakland.
A HANDY man with tools, gardener, etc., de-
sires a situation about gentleman a place.
Address box 4652, Call office.
CARPENTER, 10 days ln city, would like
steady Job; small pay. Address J. P.. 2010
Leavenworth st. |
JAPANESE boy would ltke a situation aB cook
ln a family. Address ICHI. 243 Ellis" st.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married, steady
man, wants situation on private place; under-
stands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows; run gasoline engine; handy with tools;
best refs. EMIL GARDENER, box 466 L Call.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busi-
ness ln all branches, is trustworthy and reli-
able, desires situation ln private family; ref-
erences. C. S., 1022 Jackson Bt.
UNDERTAKER'S assistant; young man, 5
years' experience; thoroughly understands his
business; embalming a specialty : city or coun-
try; refs. FRANK J. CUEHANE. 620 Folsom.
ACTIVE, elderly man would like situation as
cook on ranch or as kitchen help in country
hotel. J. CAUGHEY. 8 Jackson Bt.
SOBER and reliable cook of many years' ex-
perience ln all branches wishes a situation.
Address box 4659. Call office.
A STRONG, reliable young man wants work of
any kind Jn Cape Nome; Al references. Box
4672. Call office.
EXPERT laundryman. wife good lroner. wish
situations to run a resort or small laundry in
the country. Box 4680. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of 'adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market Bt.: examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. SOc. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
CHOICE, sunny flats. 4 and 6 rooms, bath; nice
location; Hanover place, off Sacramento St.,
above Powell: small families.
FEW steps from City Hall; elegant flat; 5
rooms; bath. 10 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
JULIAN AYE.. 19. off Fourteeenth— Sunny flat
of 4irooms and bath; rent cheap.
LIGHT andeunny flats. 115 Tehama st., off
Fourth; 3 rooms; rent reduced.
TO let— Flat 5 rooms, yard and cellar. 619
Grove st. ; rent $15.
THREE modern flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard.
basement: rent moderate. 1331. 1935. 1937
O'Farrell st
$16 50— FINE flat; 8 rooms and bath; flne yard.
421 Tenth st.
2 FLATS of 3 large rooms each. In rear of
30 Sliver St.
FLATC TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 3 rooms, bath, 2 closets,
gas for lighting and cooking. 1020 Geary at.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale at a bargain;
In use only a few months. Call at 1794 .Ellis.
~~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale cheap; 8 rooms and
bath; sunny flat; downtown; 3 steady room-
ers; must sell; payments. Inquire 299 Hyde.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Bt.. pay*
the highest prlca for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry _ Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
PRICE &. ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture* 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for some high
grade furniture and carpets. 14 Flffh at.
WANTED— Low roll-top desk In good condl-
tlon. Address box 3467. Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN '* CO. ...Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
t waitresses, flrst-class commercial hotel,
country, $20 each, free fare: waitress, San
Jose, $25; waitress Pacific Grove, $20, free
fare; waitress, new hotel, Vallejo. $20, see
party here; waitress, St. Helena, $20; 3
woman cooks, $40; 2 fancy ironers, $35. and
board; 2 chambermaids to watt. $20
FAMILY ORDERS
6 second girls, city, $20 and $25; 15 housegtrls.
country, choice places, $25 and $20: nurse and
do some sewing. $20; 20 houseglrls, city. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary Bt.
WANTED— Cook, wash and Iron, $35; mother
and daughter. -$3O; 4 cooks, plain wash. $25.
$30; 4 second girls. $20. $25. city and short
distance; 12 hotel waitresses, $20. city and
country: 7 chambermaids and waitresses. $20.
city and country; laundress, $20. summer re-
Bort; 9 fancy lroners. $9- a week. $25. $30. city
and country; 5 restaurant waitresses. $5. $6 a
week; cook. 2 In family. $30; a large number
of houseclrls. $20, $25, city and country. J.
F. CROSETT _ CO.. 316 Sutter St.
2 COOKS,~S3I and $30: cook, private boarding
house. $30; 2 second girls. $25 and $20; house-
work. Sha*ta Co.. $20. fare paid: Benlcla, $20.
far* pnld; Duncans Mills. $20; St. Johns, $20;
20 housework girl. city. $15 to $30: 10 young
girls to assist. $10 to $15; chambermaid and
waitress. Glen Ellen. $20. good place. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, .418 Powell St.— Cook,
houseworker, American family of elderly
couple, flne place $25. $30, no wash; cook.
Kirfnll Jewish family. $22 50; housework girl.
American family, $20: housework girl, 2 ln
family, flat, $20. _^_
15 GIRLS for general housework.
6 girls for second work.
3 girls for country. /
2 cooks for country.
13 other position.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market.
WANTED— A refined nurse to take care of
young child: good references required. Apply
at 2100 Washington St.. corner Octavla. Thurs-
day morning, from 10 until 12.
A BRIGHT lady of business ability for per-
manent position ; salary $40; small capital.
Box 4664, CaJ|. '
A LADY to take the position of secretary; sal-
ary $40: must be of good address; small capi-
tal required. Box 4663. Call. . • . :
GIRL for general housework ln small fam-
¦ lly. 1533 Ellis Bt.. morning. . • '
GIRL for general housework; German pre-
ferred; $15. SU Van Ness aye.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED flrst-class waitress and par-
lor maid; good city references. Call 2100
Washington gt.. cor. Octavla. bet. 10 and 12.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking; wages $25 per month. Apply between
9 and 12 at 701 Broderick St.. corner of Fulton.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework; no
children; $10 per month; Bleep at home. 767
Cole st.
WANTED— GirI for light housework and take
care of children. Call before 11 o'clock at
2517 Bush st.
WANTED— First-class finisher who under-
stands good buttonhole making; steady work;
659 A Minna Bt. ; no others need apply.
NEAT girl; general housework; small wash-
ing; references; $15. 500 Capp st.
GOOD trimmer; alto good maker. 766 Geary
street. ;,>.*¦ .;
WANTED— Swedish girl for housework: wagea
$20. Apply 10 a. m. to 2 p. m.. 13C6 Post st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist with
housework. 2241*4 Sutter st.
APPRENTICE with some experience on cus-
tom coats; well paid. 214 Seventh at.
WANTED— First-class waist finisher; also ap-
prentlce; paid. 406 Sutter at.
GOOD hotel cook; German girl preferred. 713
Valencia et.
TAILORESS wanted. 408^ Larkln Bt. ¦
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
Apply at 11 Erie St., near Mission.
WOMAN to work ln kitchen. 5 Polk Bt.
MORE girls from 14 to 16 to learn clgarmaklng;
paid while learning. 303 Eighth st. :
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
plain cooking. 1242 Mission Bt.
WANTED— A young woman to do housework.
2273 Filbert St.. near Fillmore.
TAILORESS as coat finisher; flne buttonhole
maker. 118 Montgomery aye.
WANTED for general housework, young Ger-
man girl ln small family. Call at 230 Third.
WANTED — Woman to assist ln general house-
work; wages $15. 633 Page st.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 110 William tt7,
off Geary, bet. Taylor and Jones.
WANTED — Girls on fancy Bilk waists.
FRANCES, 796 Sutter fit.
SEWING girls wanted to sew shirts; steady
work all year; good wages. Apply THE L.
ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 82H Fremont.
GIRLS WANTED '
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 364 Fremont St.; elevator.
WANTED— A girl for housework: no washing;
no baking; wages $10. 2808 Twenty- fourth at.
STARCHERS and lronera wanted at Electric
Laundry, 837 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats and operators
on pants. 541 Market st.
GIRL for light housework; good home. 133
Russ st.
GOOD finisher on coats wanted: steady work.
319 Ellis st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist ln housework.
350 Duncan St.. between 27th and 2Sth.
GERMAN girl for store and housework. Ad-
dress 1427 Webster St., Alameda.
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO _ HARRIS CO.. 541
Market St.
A BRANCH office for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; illustrated .catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslng taught ln 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
WANTED — Good finisher and skirt maker:
good pay for the right lady. 2107 Fillmore.
APPRENTICE girl on coats; will pay for be-
ginners. 119 Rues st.
WANTED— German woman for general house-
work. 2176 Fifteenth at.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on Bilk waists
and suits. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business Collage, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla at. ,
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY &~REA DV Z.. PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M.
For a large factory near city, 10 laborers; no
experience required $1 75 day
10 pick and shovel laborers, large company,
city $1 75 day; machinist lathe hand, $3 day;
2 butter-makers, 130 fd; wheelwright, $40 fd;
4 farm hands, same ranch, $32 50 fd; 20 men
or strong boys to dig small trenches bo that
water can run down between vines, trees,
etc.; later to pick fruit and do anything else
the manager may put you to do; he will teach
you for a bank syndicate; $20 and fd; your
wages will be Increased as you learn
2 carpenters for ranches $2fi, $30 and fd
2 men to work around slaughter-house. s2) & fd
Portuguese milker, fare pd, boss here. .s3s & fd
12 teamsters, city Jobs $3i> and fd
6 haymakers $30 and fd, $1 25 day and fd
8 blacksmiths and helpers, shops, ranches,
etc., city and country. s2 50 day. $45, $40. $30 fd
Carriage trimmer. $&0; band sawyer, $4 day;
24 miners, single-hand workers $75
14 laborers. for mine, fare $1 50.. ..545, $50 & fd
16 laborers for a silver mine $30 to $35 & fd
No experience required of laborers for mines;
6 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $30. $40.
$25 and found; some for private
16 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb, pick
peas, etc., fare 30c $17 50 & fd
f>9 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for all parts
of California $26, $25, $20 _ fd
29 milkers, different places $30, $25 & fd
Gardeners, coachmen and choremen 1
16 boys or men to do chores... s2o. $15, $10 & fd
29 teamsters and laborers, city Jobs. .s3o & fd
26 laborers, fare 60c you'll suit $26 & fd
34 laborers and teamsters for San Mateo and
Alameda counties $26. $27 50 & fd
356 tlemakers and woodchoppers, $3. $2 50, $2,
$1 '.5: $1 50, $1. 70c cord; 12c and 13c each;
Borne at mines
63 scraper teamsters $26 & fd; $1 75 day
Gang edgerman: carriage woodworker, $3 day;
353 Jobs 'not advertised. COME REE.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 gay st.
A— SPECIAL SPECIAL
45 men, no experience required.
FARE PAID.
Wages $26. $30, $35 and $40 & fd: you'll suit;
no Sunday work; steady Job. COME. SEB.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A NO experience required on this Job and
We pay your fare.
25 laborerß" for the mills, woods and yards of
large company. $26 & fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
Experienced bakery wagon driver, city. $35 _
fd: second hand baker on bread, $35 & fd:
roustabout, mine boarding-house. $25 & fd:
4th cook, city, $10 week & board; 2 waiters,
same country hotel, $30 & fd; 32 cooks, city
and country hotels, restaurants, boarding-
houses and ranches. $30. $40. $35. $30, $20 & fd;
second cook, mining./ hotel. $25 & fd: 10 wait-
ers, different country hotels, $25, $30 & fd; sec-
ond baker, helpers, porters, bell and elevator
boys, laundrymen; 55 other similar positions.
COME. SEE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GARDENER and wife,- $55; farmer and wife,
Sonoma County, $40; man and wife, private
family, $50: farmers, $20. $25, $26 and $35;
milkers, $25: gardener $30; stableman, $25 to
$30; sheep herder. $30; and others. J. F.
* CROSETT Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
TWO ranch hands, $2 60 to $3 day; carriage
painter on shares: plumber for country, $30
"and board; stickerman, $3 day; wheelwright.
$2 50 to $3 day; blacksmiths, $40 and $45: sin-
gle hand miners. $2 E0 day; 3 more laborers
• to learn mining. $2 day; laborers for mill and
woods. $26 and board, fare advanced; wood-
choppers for mine. $1 25 to, $2 cord ; muckers
$2 day. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 623 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Broiler. $35; fry cook, $50: baker
and second cook. $12: fourth cook, $10 week;
coffee house cook, $7 week: waiter, country
hotel. $30; porter for saloon, $1 day; night
porter, $30: waiter, $S week; dishwasher. $5
week; kitchenman. $20; cook and wife, coun-
try; elevator and bell boy, $12; porter, $20:
potwasher. $20: other restaurant and hotel
help. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED .'
Blacksmith for dredger. $40 per month and
board, steady Job: man to run electric pump
on large ranch, $25 per month and board..
Choreman on ranch $25 and board
6 milkers $25 and $30
Farm hands and ranch teamsters for differ-
ent places, near city. $23 and $26 and board-
working foreman on ranch, near city. $30 and
board
6 laborers for sawmill company; $2G*per
month and board, no experience required and
fare paid : and others. W. D. EWER _ CO
610 Clay st. "
TWO grocery men; must be experienced
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
CROCKERY man wanted; experience necessary
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUa 927 Market st!
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C.R. HANSEN _ CO.'sTioTgEART ST.
Wanted for the Coast Road; free * are ;:--"V '•
rock laborers JJ a cay
teamsters *i a day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
MISCELLANEOUS •-••••
10 carpenters, company work, country. *3 to
$3 50 a day; 6 blacksmiths, country. •»• * w
and $33; blacksmith helper, railroad camp.
$2 25 a day. free fare: wheelwright. 530: car-
riage painter, $2 50 a day; painter and paper-
hanger for summer resort. $1 50 a day and
found; upholsterer and lay carpets for sum-
mer resort. $25 and found: 10 miners and ma-
chine men, $2 50 and $3 a day.
Farmer and wife. $30, see party here: I
farmers for gentleman's place, $20. see party
here; 10 farmers, different ranches, $20 and
*20 laborers for sawmills and woods. $26 and
board, fares advanced, see boss here. ~.
10 laborers for a tannery, country. $1 ia a
day, see boss here; 20 laborers, city. $1 7a a
.. a .^! HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....
3 French. Swiss and ' German second cooks,
different country hotels. $60; 2 second cooks,
country hotels, $50 and $60, Bee boss here; ba-
ker and pastry cook for springs. $-0 see boss
here; cook and wife, springs hotel. $100; oys-
terman, city. $45; head cook, restaurant. $40:
baker, country shop, $50: German cook ana
dishwasher, country hotel. $40 and $20;. cake
baker. $14 a week and found; 10 bakers help-
ers, city and country, $25, $30 and $35: 6 second
hands on bread and cakes. $30. $3o and $40:
Danish or Norwegian sailor boy as porter for
restaurant, ?25 and board; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30. C. R- HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— CAMP cook for railroad camp. $30 to $60 and
free fare; camp waiter, railroad camp, $». C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
A MILKER, country. 525 and found: 2 men to
work on a ranch, $20 each; good place. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter 8^
A MAN and wife, ranch work: small family;
good place: $50 per month. MIS 3 CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. >.¦:•:¦¦
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel Jesaie la 2.
TAILORS and coatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO.. Market
and Second sts.
WANTED— Steady man. with $60, can make
$15 per week above expenses; light work;
permanent place. 1016 Market st.. room 10.
WANTED— Boy of about 14 years. Apply after
9 a. m.. 106 Clay Bt.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REIS3
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook. Eastlake Hotel, corner Bay
and Webster eta.
WANTED— Cook and dishwasher. 1504 Ken-
tucky st.
BRIGHT boy wanted for drug store. 1300 Polk
St., corner Bush.
WANTED— A night cashier who understands
restaurant work. 29 Stockton st.
WANTED— Good waiter at 107 Berry street, foot
of Third.
WANTED— Tinsmith. Apply to POWEN _
I' IKE, 17 Drumm at.
WANTED— Good barber; steady younjj man
preferred. 872 Vi Howard st.
BOOTBLACK wanted ln barber shop. 1427 Oc-
tavia st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade. Corner of
Twenty-fourth an.d Sanchez sts. <*
BOOTBLACK wanted at barber shop. 108
Fourth st.
BUSHELMAN and presser at the California
Clothing Renovatory, 116 Geary Bt.
WANTED— A cook for restaurant. 343V4 Third
street.
FINE coatmaker wanted. Apply CHARLES
ADAMS, 244 Stockton at.
SHOEMAKER on repairs; steady work. 563
Mission St.. between First and Second.
YOUNG man as salesman; also boy to work ln
tailor store. C 33 Kearny st.
WANTED— Coatmaker; one that can cut. J.
SMITH. 906 Market st.
STRONG boy. care for horses, drive milk wag-
on. J. KENNY, Silver aye., San Bruno road.
TO bakers— l want a good all-round second
hand; English speaking (not German): good
pay. no night or Sunday work. A. SMITH,
New England Bakery. Haywards.
ACTIVE man to deliver and collect for manu-
facturing house with over $250,040 capital; $900
a year and expenses guaranteed: experience
not necessary. Address Manufacturer. P. O.
box 1027. Philadelphia, Pa.
TAILOR wanted: also pressman on custom
coats. 304 Tehama at.
BUSHELMAN at once. BELASCO _ HAR-
RIS CO.. Ml Market st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply to ~ tT
HART. Viaaila. Cal.
BRIGHT boy anxious to learn trade. Apply
Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green handa;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
GCOD reliable young man to buy a half Inter-
est in barber shop; good business. 104 7th st.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 620 Kearny st.,
first floor, room 1.
WASTED — Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. £09 Kearny St.. room 2.
WANTED— A first-class New England baker.
Apply at Wheeland's bakery. 2232 Mission st.
BOYS, 14 years upward. Apply Glass Works,
Seventh and Townsend sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who heve legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and Fpeak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
E3O X st. Sacramento. Cal.
GARDENER wanted. Call 1211 Polk it.
WANTED— Experienced tailors on coats; steady
work; good pay. 119 Russ st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to SOc. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sta.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 21 sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires alx to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season: only
institution in th# world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER."3 BARBER COLLEGE, 635
¦ Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno *House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 lance
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
in barber school. 741 Howard st.
BOY. 14 to 16: make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st.. room 35.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
THREE waiters, steady work; 15 millmen; 20
lumber pliers; S ranch hands. 628 I et.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa 'been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 5 p.m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
FOR sale — A perfect road or carriage team of
geldings, dark bays; over 16 l i hands high;
well matched, well bred and very stylish; no
finer, handsomer or safer team can be found
in California. Can be seen at the cor. 20th
aye. and Point Lobos road (Ca?«!dy's), or ad-
dress W. FORD THOMAS, 327 Market St..
San Francisco. #
HORSES HORSES HORSES
Will sell ln carload lots; F. O. 8.. S. F •
good nervleeable young horses: weight 900 to
1400 lbs.; owing to dry season will sell In
carlots for $10 each. Address box 231, Ven-
tura. Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auctton sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME black carriage team, stands 16-2.
perfectly gentle; also 50 head of horses weigh-
ing from 1200 to ISCQ pounds, at Union Stable
562 Howard at.
ANOTHER big horse sale: special announce-
ment later. Occidental Horse Exchange. 731
Howard st. W. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
60 H .> EA JP flne draft " nd driving horses at 1«21
and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady:
also some flne matched black teams.
CARRIAGE, fancy working and driving horses.
1100 tn 1500 pounds, at 35 Dore St.. near Ninth
-and Folsom.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet, dent.. 605 Golden Gate ay.
WANTED— Good cheap horse. 946 Powell at.
C S E . AP^ ST an(l **«* ln Amerlca-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent' to any address ln tha
United States or Canada oa» yeax for P,
rcatare paid. • ,
lIOI'SCS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: nouses to let; send for cir«
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _HO.. 14 Montgomery.
A M SPECK _ CO.. 667 Market st. "
2041 Howard. 9 r..J27 50|2111 Hyde, 11 r...J27 50
1357 Howard. 6 r. 25 00 1 536 Lyon. 8 r 27 50
LARGE house for 1 or 2 families: rent, $30.
307 Fulton. Key at 83Hj Jesaie. off Ninth st.
LEAVENWORTH. SO6. near O'Farrell— A 3-
story house; 6 rooms, alcove and bath: rent
reduced: key at fruit more. Apply to C. 3.
CAPP & CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630 Market.
TO rent For the summer; complete furnishs-l
house of 7 rooms, bath, flne garden, pvirs
spring water, beautiful scenery: with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles: 3
miles from St. Helena: % mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Cal.: also cottag»
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
HOUSES — FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
, crn house on Pacific avenue, between Eu-
chanan' and Webster: 11 rooms and servants'
room; 7 bedrooms: sun ln every room; every-
thing In perfect order: stable on rear street:
will rent for « months or a term of years.
J. H. GILMORE. 323 Montgomery st.
LOST AM) FOfNO.
LOST— Sunday. April 7, gold watch fob and
diamond locket engraved T. B. M.: liberal re-
ward for return or information. MORA-
GHAN'S. 63 California Market.
LOST— Wednesday. April 17. chain bracelet, set
with colored stones and diamonds. * inaer
will please return to J. O. A.. California Ho-
tel; liberal reward.
LOST— A diamond locket with leather fob. Re-
turn to owner and receive large reward. J. D.
ISAACS. 22 Sansome St. _____
LOST— Last Monday, a lady's «llver watch,
initials of J. H. R. Reward of $5 at 307 Mar-
ket jt.
LOST— Lady's geld watch, from Thirteenth to
Tenth, on Mission; reward. Return 253 13th.
LOST— 2 female fox terriers, white and brown
spots; good reward. 1410 Golden Gate aye.
LOST— Black Scotch terrier; sheared like a lion;
Fresno license; $2 60 reward. 25 ValparaUo at.
LOST— Fifteen (15) shares of the capital stock
of the- Mutual Electric Ucht Company of baa
Francisco. California, certificate No. 1313.
standing in name of James Fisher, trustee.
All persons are cautioned against negotiating
same. Transfer has been stopped. G. F.
BOWMAN.. 227 Montgomery. San Francisco.
LOST— Sunday at Tiburon, black Cocker Span-
iel, with yellow legs; reward $3. 1 Sophie ter.
LOST— In Oakland. Sunday p. m.. April 13.
on Washington St.. between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth, pony, saddle and bridle. Finder
return to 1167 Twenty-third aye.. East Oak-
land; reward.
LOST— One Jack, from First and Folsom sts. to
Main-et. wharf; reward. Return Fulton Iron
Works.
LOST— Pin; sunburst diamond center: between
Sausallto Yacht Club, Saturday, and city.
Return to 21S Devisadero at., receive reward.
GOLD chain bracelet: vicinity Turk and Mar-
ket sts. ; liberal reward. 429 Turk st.
BROWN pointer dog; finder return to 2300 Fill-
more st. and get reward of $10.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledgs; guaranteed
treatment $0: safe and reliable cure ln ono
day; 13 years' successful practice ln S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007*3 Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DOXXELL, the world- renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed ln S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at l'J23'i Market St.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. m. -to 12 m.,
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office, $0; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st.. b-"t.
Mason and Taylur: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; horns
ln confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 10.r. Market, ladies' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $5: sr»f*
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 3.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market: lalles'
physician; chronic disease* treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St., the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment.
VI- VI— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
111S Market: every case guarantee J: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private honvs
in confinement. 1212 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS I'Olt SALE.
BOILERS, entices. 2d-han<l machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 135-IU7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-ICI3-IC2I-1023 Mission
Bt., above Sixth.
ONE second-hand metal turning lathe, planer,
drill attached; also secor.d-hand No. 2 Hooker
steam pump, Emery gear; also pipe fittings:
1 automobile, nearly completed; 1 second-hand
227-lb Peter Wright anvil: one 7-horsepower
gas engine. 843 Howard st.
$12:. — An arctic soda fountain; ten different
flavors: in flne condition: fountain and coun-
ter cost when new $il0; also round-corner
marble counter. VOTAW _ WILLIAMS,
San Jose. Cal.
A PAIR beautiful quartz sleeve buttons for $3;
cost originally $13. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
BEAUTIFUL pair diamond torquolse earrings.
$40; cost new. $73. PORTLAND LOAN OF-
FICE. 23 Stockton st.
SCHOONER of about fifteen tons cheap; in
good order. W. HIATT. 1150 Mission st
ONE water-Jacketed air pump; cheap: nearly
new. WHITE. 618 Mission st.
LOOK at this— For sale; beautiful solid gold
watch; $43: cost $100. 14 Fifth «t.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Ssear st.
GASOLINE engines; all Biz^s; second-hand:
cheap: guaranteed. NEWELL BROS. 140
First st.
2 DIAMOND rings; cost $300; sacrificed if sold
at once or trade for tickets Cape Nome Box
2752. Call office. Oakland.
COMPLETE prospectors' mining outfit for
Alaska; $100: see this or write for list of
articles. A. BRANDE3. 707 Brush. Oak land.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., nr. Pine.
FRESH Jersey cow; rich milk; 14 to 13 quarts
dally; gentle. 1312 Folsom st. Price. $33.
CASH registers, second-hand, bought and sold;
National and Hallwood. 1309 Mission, nr. 9th.
HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition: complete: cheap. 1915 Mlsslon^jir. 15th.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pant 3. J2 73. M'.srt:
Clothing parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausase ma-
chinery. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 195 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 40;> California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1522 Market at.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar-proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-422 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar-proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-tlded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: I
nir compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pagy*. !n wraprer. for mailing. SI nw v«»ar
MISCELLANEOIS WANTS.
WANTED— Peconrt-hami upright p!anr> for
cash. H. L. WHITKHEAtX 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAA.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at S per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pr->-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. X
HIGHLY respectable private 'place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real ratate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER _ CO.. 2S Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price tor old sold, sliver, diamond*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1900.
10MONEY TO LOAS. 1
. * I
ANY -mount by private party en furniture and I
rinr.o*: no removal: lew rates; confidential
BOXELLI. Congervatcry bide. 130 Powell st.
AT ir* Kearny «... room 9, respectable private
pls.ee to borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; tike elevator. Tel. Davis 595.
ON furniture and pianos without removal- quick
service; mon»y direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
CS and €"¦. Donchoe building. 1170 Market Et.
L^ANS made on furniture at 1H per cent; also
Plr*rs to salaried people. HAREHBARGER,
EJ2 Kills st.. rocm S4.
MONEY loaned: unsecured note of any man of
good character. Prescctt & Co.. Phoenix. Ariz.
TO salaried r>ecple: without security; all bu«l-
nerscor.sder.tlal. TousK-y Co., 321 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3%;
no removal; no commission. 6 Eddy si-, r. 51.
ANY amount at 2 per r»>nt on furniture and
ether collateral. D. JIfKAE. 743 Mission st.
MONEY loaned salaried peopl- without security.
HILL. rrr.. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AT'STIN 1 ": Salary Lran Co.. 366 Parrott bulld-
ir.E— Men can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
in<J"rs«>r. MORRELL. 6C_ Exsmlner building.
$sfi TO tro.OOO: lowest ratfs: Ist and 2d mcrtgs.;
any proposition. PRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
com-cieslcn: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF ycur r>Tp-rty is mortpajreil and you need
mere money pee H. MI'KPHY. 630 Market «t_
TO fslsried men. without collateral or tndorser; '
othT propos-ltlone: private rraim-. San Frsin-
rj*2________________________________f.
MISICAL IN»IKLjut;.NTS.
A^ we represent the best make of pianos la
everjr grade, tr&m Btelnway down to low-
j>rli-«d rtiak^s, and as our installment pay-
r:ent» are easier than those of other dealers.
we are the people from whom you phculd
jurchase: new upright jjianos. 16 cash. $S per
m<irlh: olh«T piano? $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHE-RMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stcinway Dealers,
i r Kearny _r.d gutter tts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A LIFT OF MONEY SAVERS.
if ; amrl* > s from factory which «r» oct of our
rnruiar line; Bach makes as Weber. Ha rtmin,
tVnover. Behr. Everett and Kin(?sbury; prices
Ircm $lio to J23© less than rerular price. Als3
* f'.'.rhtly used pianos from $137 up; easy p«jr-
rnentF. Pee us this week if you want * snap.
BENJ. CURTAZ & EON. It O'Farrell st.
A LARGE number of pianos yet remain of the
Hamilton-Bancroft stock; Eteinway concert
grands. ChickerirtK. Hallett & Davis. Eliing:-
trn etc.; squares. $25 up; uprights, JiO up;
banjos. .¦• .- up: guitars. $1 up; mandolins. '1
«p. llyron Mauzy Piano Warerooms. SCS-312
I'oct St.. cole agent Schmer'-nd Byron Mauz/
t'.anc*.
ABSOLUTELY the eldest and largest home
«e*t cf Chl-ago !s KOHLER A CHASE' 3.
:• 2S and 30 O'F-rrel! et. : planes, organs and
(til other musical lr.strurnents of all grade*
••r.d prices: ternr.» e«»y; prices lowest; every-
thing possible duns to please asd satisfy t_*
customer.
KNALSE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR & ''HASH. 30 OFarrell gt.
WE know that we give the best goods for the
least money; call on us and »cc our Decker,
l'ackard or Boolhe pianos. MAUVAIS. Tea
Market et.
WE have just what you want In the way cf a
t luno; prlcte and terms to suit. MAUVAIS.
T6S» Market gt.
BUY ere r.f our beautiful Olyrnpla self-playing
music bcxes on installments If you can't spare
the <-a*!j. MAUVAIS. 76r< Market ft.
A FORCED sale of fine uprisht piano at JlOO
l<-sf than coet. Room 10, Fl^od bullying.
I>nCKJ:lt nr.OS.' riar.o (square) for sale
cheap. 609 Locust aye.
6TF.INWAY. $100; installments $5 75 up; rents
tZ up; open evenings. HEINE, 135 Ellis Pt.
THE place to buy a good pecend-han 1 ! piano;
$45 up. S. F. Music Co.. "t25 gutter gt.
GOOD Fischer: preat bargain Schmltz. 16 Me-
Allirter St.. next Hlbernla Bar.k.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright: sacrifice!*.
KKKKFE S. IMS Van N'efj «v». nr. <">ary «t.
FINE large uprirht piano sMd for storage; $100
cs£h. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Mark, t st.
A BARGAIN'- Steinway. Jl2i: store open Sat.
evepirg. H»;r.e Piano Mfg Co.. 13-3 Kill- st.
J>~N'T buy; rent a new p;ano. J3 p*r month.
Fi~r>TT-cr*r>— -»7 PIANO CO.. T/60 Hayes st,
VT. G. PADGER. 412 Sacramento «=t. agent for
Francis Birm gnfl Hal)»tt A- I>avl» p!»nni.
CCli up:icht piano: nearly new; cheap.
rTOB3CUXO*B. ?!* McAllister rt.
tI'ITHIOH vk!!n!>. Either*, old and n-w H.
MrLLER. maker. tep-Jr-r. 2 Latham pl«-e.
orFICES A\T STORES TO LET.
C A RPEXTER chop to let. 14 Turk st-
VALENCIA. SS3. near Twenty-first— LarKe ele-
4;a.st ttore; rtar rooms; large batrment.
FOR rent— Elegant efflr** tn Y. M. C. A.
>-cil<*:rg. Vn'^n nrffl r.Hi* rt«.
PAL.-JISTUY.
_!ME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Gen=aln College of
Pa imlt-try. reads .1 to 8. 618 Geary, nr. Jones.
GO to Watson; "only" natural ralm'.st and oc-
cult mwiium: re?<3tnp>> 25c. ISSI Market st.
PERSONALS.
%vn^L~J~L7~ED-IUNDf ; ON (printer) send his
adireb* to GEO. D. FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
i: : . :; ADA run** rheumatism, varicose veins,
t nervous prostration, insomnia; If pick see thai
wonderfully gifted healer. !Si3 Howard fet.
JtAG carpets wove to order and for saie; also
rhenllle-woi-e r_ps, silk portieres, dealer in
ca.nx't twine, in hank or chain, -t lowest
rates. GEO MATTHEWS. 708 Fifth. Oakland
2JISS 6HELDONT"chircpodist and business ad-
vice. fcSO Market m.. second floor, room 37.
tKPEPXtI'S Quintcnica hair tonic really beau-
tifies the hair. 3.% c bottle: Leuererß Foamo
t-hsunpoo f)C package; it's great. 113 Stockton.
A NEW place to have your hair dressed etylish-
Jy- special this week, 20c: shampooing, iOc;
twitches made from your own hair, 75c; open
?>veninps. Sundays, from 8 a. m. to 12. so 7
Market «t., corner Sixth: parlors 112-11*,.
flilVATn detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 557 Jessie st.
"LKnEBEK restore* gray hair to its natural
tolor for $1 50 to $5; uses Scheffler'e Colorme.
Tic box- the very latest hair styles only ~_c.
¦'3 Sfxkton ct.
I3KLLE— Oudry >• not a. lady; he Is a paotog-
*H,ber In Oakland.
_!RS UR. L. BURGEP. late matron of Ger-
!£an HoM>!t-.1. N. V.. *p*clall« for bladder.
kl__er skin diseases and cancer, office 10«
{•¦Afrth *\ A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold. S_n
M«t»c Orphan Aeylum. sayr.: I had cancer on
m- left le_ 1 was treated by Mrs. Burner.
1^ Fourth it.. «nd certify that I was cured
In a fhert time. Wm. Osterhoia. San Mateo.
t>R. PARKER treats a!l nervous chronic.
throat snd catarrhal diseases. 1027 Market et.
CAET-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bough.;
*rr.6 ;x-, B'al.8 'al. COLEMAN'S. 606 Kearny St.
AN eleganT suit for $10 75 from lmporte a or do-
m»*tlc remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market •*?
between Sfwnth and Eighth.
EUZTB on *a-y Installments fromi Imported or
cire-Mie remnants. One Price Tailoring Co..
ISi Kearny st.. between Sacramento _Bd Call-
torn la. .
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing;
tults mud*' to rrder; fit guar. 2 Eighth St.
C. I». MORSE, pbotof-rmpber. Z6C* Pacific aye..
Mvwn I'i^rc*- «nd Soott: phone gtelner 333-
TAMMEr.IXC, correcu-rt: booklet. J- WI , I , IT^*
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden St.. Oakland.
CCftl-ED -jt waved h«ir c*n be quickly ob-
telned by uelng Talcott's Curling Fluid; Z»
ftnty Latle.
ELECTRIC !ieht« In every room: Winchester
Hctel. 41 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms;
He to $160 per night; $160 to $6 per week.
fnw "b-;j> Rnd bacME*- to and from the terry.
IF yci; X\ f h full value for your cast-off clcrth-
ir.r cr. SI f- B Crhen, U7 Third: tel. Black 4123.
_.AI-:';p'»Tiri gersts' e-ftt-off clothing bought and
»"M ftU'rrrari. ?-M Folsom: tel. Folsom ll'L
ALASKA fur carr nentw ho<-d«. mitts, leather
«¦',>'> H M H~'TV~'MAN. I"* S»n«ome Bt.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
Trr: loe-i kodaks free; photo supplies; Backus
rtufilrt Tl Geary rt.. ground floor.
PU * SICIAAS, A.NO JsLKtiliO.N S.
DR. C C. O'DONN ELL— Office and residence.
l"2->4 Market rt.. bet. Elxth and Seventh.
KL.ll, ESTATE c;iTV KOII BALK.
f2oo*»— A BIG tarjraln; your own terms; email
cash required; Just completed; new, 7 rooms,
all the Intent improvements. 24th and Noe.
S BARGAIN— For Bale, fine sunny residence, 11
wm-, bath, attic and basement; modern;
•¦erfect order; cmnd view; large lot SOxlH;
*lectrlc cars: irieht exchange in part t° r
emaller houni or good lot. Address V. J.
MURPHY. CCS California et., rooms 30 and 3L
EACP.IFICE — New S-room, S-story house; lot
r€:*xlW'; with rhlcken hou*e etc.: suitable
for flats; muct bo j-oM; make an offer; $2000
or lews. EHAIJIiI.T'.XE. €16 Sacramento »L
BARGAIN— l_ury -ia>ine-its: J2KO; house of 7
rooms and bath; £21 Alvarado «t., ne*r Cas-
tro. AM.ly on upraises 1 to 4 p. m.
HAVE jcu r»ai »nate Jn the Mission or Hom-
er's Addition that you wish to dispose of
tfc-n call on W. J. GUNN. t3O California st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO "
"•••••••• v Montgomery Street
AUCTION „.. AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION
At our salesroom. TUESDAY. April 24. ISOO,
at 32 o'clock Noon.
Perpmptory Sale.
The two following properties to be offered
without limit or reserve:
No. 1.
80S Montgomery aye., SW. line, bet. Green-
wich and Lombard sts.. 2 flats of 6 rooms
fach. rents 5:4 per* month; street accepted;
lot, J^7Ux6s:ti, Irregular.
No. 2.
1305 Powell St. W. line, bet. Pacific and
Broadway Ets., store and 2 Cats of 3 and 4
rooms each; rents $27 per month: cement
walk; street accepted; lot. 22:6x45:10.
Executors' Sale.
The two following properties, subject to
confirmation by the court:
No. _
1727 Green St.. S. line. bet. Gough and Oc-
tavia sts., bay-window house of 7 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; cement walk; street
bituminized; rent $30 per month; lot 26:6 x
137:6.
No. 2.
15th st., S. line, 120 ft. W. of Castro st.
building lot. 40x103 :4^.
To Close and Estate.
BE. Drumm arid Commercial *ts.. 2 stores
and dwelling; rents $»i per month; one block
from Market st. and the Ferries; lot 30x75,
with an L.
Sixteenth Street Business Property.
3010 Sixteenth st., N. line. bet. Mission and
Valencia sts., store and fiat of 7 rooms and
b_th; rent $50 per month; brick foundation;
stone walk: street accepted; lot 25:6x110.
Post Strtet Investment.
1747-1751 Post St., S. line. bet. Buchanan
and Webster sts, 2 two-story bay-window
dwellings of 6 and S rooir.s and bath each;
rents $70 per month; street accepted; lot, 55
xiS7:6. #
Carl Street Cottage.
156 Carl st, N. line, bet. Stanyan and
Ehrader sts., bay-widow cottage of 5 rooms
ai;d bath; brick foundation, etc.; lot, 25x137:6. j
Natema Street Investment.
522 to S"4 Natoma St.. NW. line, bet. 10th and
11th »ts.. S two-story dwellings of 6 rooms
and bath each; rent* $54 per month; brick
foundation, etone walks, etc. ; street bitumin-
ized; lot. 50x75.
Clementina Street Investment.
571-4.6-8 and CSO Clementina St.. NW. cor.
Euinner. near Jth St.. 5 two-story frame
dwellings of 6 rooms each: rents $70 per
month; both btreets accepted; lot. 72x£0.
Executors' Sale.
The two following properties, subject to
confirmation by the court:
No. 1.
25th and Carp sts., NW. ccr., residence of
11 rooms and bath, brick foundation, stone
walk, etc.; both streets bituminized; lot, 86x
115 to rear alley.
No. 2.
Harvard St.. XX. line, bet. Woolsey and
Dwight ets.. lot 100x120. being lot 6 In block
116, University Mound Homestead.
Foreclosure Sale.
630 Guerrero st., W. line, bet. ISth and 19th
¦te.. bay-window cottage of 6 rooms; brick
foundation, stone walk, etc; street bitumin-
ized; lot. 3*xWi. Irregular.
For further particular apply at our office.
G. IL UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street.
A. M. SPECK & CO £67 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE KEARNY ST.
$200 000 — Downtown corner; modern 6-story brick
building: cost over $200, 000; lot 140x135
ft.: rents -15.000 yearly.
|S0 000— Few blocks from Chronicle; pays 6 p«r
cent net; lot £,Ixl2o .ft. ; 2 frontgages;
brick lir.rrovements.
$75 000— Corner: half block from Market it,
vicinity Ilibernia Bank; 75 ft. front;
rare Investment: rents $300.
$62 500— Near Market and lFt sts.; lot SSxS4 ft.;
(-story brick building; bank mortgage
$25,000.
$10,000— N>ar Kearny st.; good brick Improve-
ments: rent? $3^oo annually; 35 ft. front.
$TS,OOO— Lot te:Sxl2o ft.: vicinity McAllister and
Larkin sts.; rents JL'lo.
$24,000— Pixih st.; 75 ft. frontage; bay-window
building; rente, $200.
$12,500— Itents $130; marine view; 3 new flats.
$12 LOO— Ninth ex..; S' ft. front; 2 Btores and
fiats; rent? $I*2o yearly.
$10,000— XE. cor. Fell and Masonic aye.; lot 23x
100 ft. ; elegant residence, 10 rooms,
bath: all modern convenience*; space
for a stable; niake offer.
jßprrt— 6 new flats: rents $S4; lot 60x100 ft.
$7^ooo— 6 flats near Cth and Mission; rents $360
a year; let 50x75.
$5 -,00— Powell Ft.; 3 flats: rents $52.
$3 008^-South Fark: house and lot 21xm7:6 ft.
A. M. SPECK A CO 657 MARKET ST.
~~
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
J'f.O to JSf*— Sunset l"ts=: best of all; graded,
sewered; easy installments.
$4.v> to $1000— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$100 to $".s<v— Level lots; near Mission-street
cars; $5 monthly.
EXTRA— SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$3000— 2-story builnlnp. lot 30:6x75; Brannan
eU, bet. Third and Fourth.
$&r>o, JSOO and $1000 — 4 and 5 room cottages In
splendid locations; easy payments.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
IIKAI. t&STATt* — tol MIO — For Sale
THE Erparto Colony farms In the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range In size from 10 to
40 acre* and now eoH to Induce Immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
feekcru will never regret securing one of these
homes; no maiaria. no frosts; products earli-
est in market; good society, good schools (in-
cluding high school); maeadamlred roads; 2
railroad trains daily from San Francisco;
wat-r for Irrigation when deFired; superior to
Pouthern California for raising all kinds of
citniß fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
lnir Southern California experts; these lands,
with the euperior soils and all other advan-
tages named, will b<» pnld at prices far below
those afked In localities hitherto considered
unapproachable In excellence; there Is no more
Independent life than the small diversified
fanrn.r'B; the farms, sold before the panlo
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally us much as $100 per acre; you can leave
San Fran-lsco on S a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Esparto, and back to San Francisco
early the earn* evenir.-c: you will find an agent
at Hctel Barnes, Esparto, to chow you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FIPKE. Woodland. Cal.
A SPLENDID bargain— For sale to close an
estate, popular resort In Santa Cruz moun-
tains: arcommodates 100 people: 25 acres
(trapes. 30 choice fruit, 45 hay and 200 heavy
saw timber; boating-, bathing and flshlne;
easy t-rms. WESTERN LAND COMPANY.
640 Market st.
TO rent— slsl per year: IS acres; IV4 story 7-
room house: barn: chicken house; situated ln-
Flne city limits. OEO C. YOUNG. Petaiuma.
KAN CM TO R FNT.
FOR rent— l 2 acres of finely cultivated orchard
and house of 9 rooms: all modern Improve-
ments; would be suitable for summer board-
ing place; rent reasonable. Address DR.
CONRAD. 211* O«*ary st.
noOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 713— Two larre sunny basement rooms;
com p! ete for housekeeping; range, sink.
CALIFORNIA 2523—2* or 3 ' sunny furnished
rooms: light housekeeping: reasonable; ref-
erences exchanged; private family.
GEARY. 408— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20.
HOWARD. 711. near Third— A nice furnished
front room for housekeeping.
JESSIE. €24, off Seventh— Two rooms; light
housekeeping; cheap per month.
LAGUNA. 524, cor. McAllister (St. James)—
Handsomely furnished, large, sunny front
suite, $16: also modern fittings for light hkpg.
LARKIN. 326. cor. Golden Gate aye.
furnished housekeeping apartments; exclusive
use of kitchen.
LEAVENWORTH. 1015— S connecting rear base-
ment unfurnished rooms; bath; rent $10.
LE WENWORTH, 1521—2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
front housekeeping rooms: $13.
MARKET. 102S— Lanre room and kitchen, fold-
ing bed. $10; 4 small rooms unfurnished. JlO.
MARTHA place. 2, off Geary, near Taylor— 2
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION. 945— Nice front room and kitchen;
complete fcr housekeeping.
MISSION. 1119— Sunny rooms newly furnished;
cheap; can do light housekeeping.
OAK 119—1 large front parlor; running water;
furnished for housekeeping; $9; others cheap.
O'FARRELL, 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor floor, 2 to £ rooms: housekpg. or otherwise.
POST. 943— Two newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping. ¦-. - r -
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping, with gas and bath.
rt AK^IFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b*en established at 1096 Va-
lencla et.
ROU3IS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unlarn.
A T FURNISHED house of 4 rooms for house-
keeping will be rented for $12 per month to «
reliable family: reference required. Inquire
at 1011 Mason et.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
J6c to $1 P«r. night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
ll£ht housekeeping; open all night.
*«OOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE," 324 Bush st.'ad-
Jolning the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
ntshed rms., EUltes, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 705 (St. Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gat»
aye. — Sunny corner; well turn.; rms. & offices.
ELLIS, 736— Nicely furnished rooms; single and
en suite; running water, bath; board optional.
FOURTH. 225— Nice sunny front room; also
single rooms; reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed rooms; suites or single; travelers accom.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely furn.
front room; water; private; gent.; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 60 to *S per week.'
HANOVER House. 827 A Howard— Changed
hands; newly renovated; housekpg. and sing.
HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished, sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week ud.
HOWARD, 704— Finely furnished sunny front
rooms for light housekeeping.
HOWARD. S2s>— Rooms from »1 week up to |5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HYDE, 230— Well furnished single fr*>nt room.
MARKET. 765— Nicely furnished rooms; suite
and single; day, week or month.
MINNA, 6C7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 837 A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished; rent reasonable. FLICK, Prop.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
ORLANDO House, 989 Howard, cor. Sixth-
Sunny rooms; prices to suit; open night.
POST . 418, near Powell — Sunny furnished
rooms, with bath; suite or single. _^
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or Elngles; running water; gas; reas.
ROSKDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, %l 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 EUis st.-flncandescent
llsht. reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per nlsht, 35c to 51 50; week, |2
to $S; month, JS to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1514, bet. Hyde and Larkln—
Large sunny front room elegantly furnished;
modern; appreciated If Eeen.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor et., near Marktt— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator* new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
sea baths; suites and single rooms.
SHERJIAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON', 12 (over Pup RotUserle) — Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to J3O.
THE Aftor, 1130 Market— Electric bells. lights;
elegant new furniture; single, suites: trans' t.
THE OAKS 119 Third— A (rood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TWO unfurnished rooms with running water;
rent reasonable. Apply 61 Natoma st.
VERY sunny front room: Van Ness: partly fur-
nished: for lady wishing opportunity for
French and music. Box 1206, Call office.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m. v
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlrtlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND lIOAItD.
A— SELECT boarding; attractive rooms; mod-
ern ho'ine; refined surroundings and neighbor-
hood; superior table: nicely served; conveni-
ent to cars; two cents or husband and wife;
references exchanged; terms moderate. A. 8..
box 3454. Call. 1
A— FIRST-CLAPS family hotel. The Bradbury;
- nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table; prices moderate: 2 enr lines pass .iotel;
elevator; telephnne Hyde 2771. ICO4 California
st : corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
THE Schmiedel Mansion. SE. cor. Post and
Leavenworth — High-clasp. boarding-house;
Bunny rooms, with private bath; fine lawn;
table a specialty; references.
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay- Sunny
bay-window rooms: puperlor board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable.
TO LEX— 6I2 Buchanan St.; well-furnished sun-
ny rooms; with or without board; cor. house;
ref. given and desired; working people pref.
HOTEL TLAIRMOXT. 615 Taylor— Renovated;
puite-. and single rms.; sunny, excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands: thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALM AS, IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 2
rms.; private: bath; sin, rms.: board optional.
ONE furnished room and board. Apply Twen-
ty-fourth and Florida sts.
VAN NESS aye., 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished ana unfurnished: ?20.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES— Chtchester* s English Pennyroyal PIIU
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
rend 4c Etamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mall: at drug-
rlets. Chichejter Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
¦ Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following orphan and hafl-nrphan girls fr.om
January 1 to March 81. 1900: Katharine A.
Benjamin, aged 1 year 6 months; Marion V.
Crane, aged 9 years; Mary Woodd, aged 10
years 6 months; Ella M. Hunaker-Enrler.
aged 9 years '< months: Mabel Pozzl, aged 12
years; Elise Popbl. aged 9 years 4 months;
Ethel Marion Gould, aged 6 years; Mabel
Benbow, a_-ed 11 years; Lulu Rentschler,
a-red 6 yaari; 6 months. ¦ '.¦:¦:¦
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country.' PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 41S Montgomery gt.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520..
ROOMS pnnered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
rninttnr done. Hartman Ps»nt C-... "I*> Third.
IBWISG MACHINES AND SUITLIKS.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds boujrht. sold, . exchanged, rented;
repnirine at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storape and Moving Co.
Offlc<>, 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC PtnrnKe and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 535: packing, moving and storage.
¦ TO LEASH.
TO Lease— All or part of vacant property; 95x
160; on Mission st., near Fifteenth: will build
light structure. Owner, box 2109, Call.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
ALL makes of standard typewriters from *25
to $45; -guaranteed; pend for camples of work.
L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEiIENTiI
AUMEDA npAL ESTATE.
fSOO— FORECLOSURE: modern 4 room and bath
cottage; eunny side of street: 3 blocks from
station and school; terms $100 cash, $10 per
month.
$1900— New modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; street work, cement walks, etc., com-
plete; near station and school; $100 cash, $20
per month.
$1650 cash— To close an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner In Alameda; see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3000;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot; this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
. BARGAINS ON TERMS. ~
6, 6 and 7 room cottages; 7, 8 and 9 room
houses; waterfront property; lot 66x195, on
Central aye., near Fifth st. ; double IV4-story
• house; rents for $24; price $22. Apply to A.
R. DENKE, Webster-st. station.
LOT 60x150; house of 8 rooms and small stable
for Bale or exchange. Address 7068 Guerrero
street.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKIiAM) IIKAI. ESTATE.
AT $76 cash, $10 monthly till paid : for— Cottage
of 3 room*, hard finished; good well of water;
8 fine lots, all fenced; near 3 electric car
lines; fine schoolhouse and SO-foot boulevard;
mil. view and climate the very best; no fogs
nor cold winds; a few fine lots, $100 each, $5
cash, $5 monthly: Allendale Tract, adjolnnlg
East Oakland; price, all told. $650; call or
tend for circular, 455 Seventh et., • Oakland.
H. Z. JONES, owner. ,
OAKLAND Heights— Fine new modern colonial
house of 8 rooms; Just finished: everything up
to date; built by day's labor; will be sold for
cash or on easy payments at 25 per cent 'lees
than lot and house could be' duplicated for:
see this If you want a home. JAMES S.
•NAISMITH. 452 Ninth gt. / . ' *
OAKLAND KUR.MTUHB FOR BAL_.
'JkH 'fitroductlon to you from H.~ Schellhaas.. the,
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
DELINaUEVT NOTICES.
WITTRAM PROPELLER CO., 226 Market St.,
San Francisco— Notice.— There Is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of assessment levied en the 9th day of March,
1900, the eeveral amounts eet opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows: ¦;'
No. No.
Name — Certificate. Shares. Amount.
John D. Spreckels.. 1 83,313 1-3 *999 40
Chas. A. Hug 7 20 60
¦ And in accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March, 1900, co many Bhares of each parcel of
eu-h as may be necessary will be sold at the
office of the company, 226 Market street, San
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April, 1900, at 3
p. m. of such day. to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising; am! expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.. 226 Market »t.
~ DIVIDKMJ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 104 (50 cents
per Bhare) of the Oceanic Steamship Cofr.pany
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St., on and after Tuesday, May 1,
1900. Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
April 25, 1900, at 3 o'clock r>. m. \ : .
W. D. K. GIBSON. Acting Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund. Insurance
Company. San Francisco, April 16. 1900— At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after April 18, 1900.
LOUIS WEINMANN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 78 (25 cents
per chare) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company,' will be payable at the offlcs
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Friday. April £0, 1900. Transfer books will
cloye on Friday, April 13. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m . • R. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
puorosALS.
PROPOSALS for ¦ Drayage— General Depot of
the Quartermaster's Department. San Fran-
cisco. Cal., April 16, 1900.— Sealed proposals,
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies In and about the city of San Francisco,
Cal., for the fiscal year commencing July 1.
1900, will be received at this office until 11
o'clock a. m., on Thursday, the 17th day of
May, 1900, and then opened. The Government
reserves the right to reject any or. all pro-
posals. All necessary Information will he
furnished on application to this office. OS-
CAR F. LONG. Assistant Quartermaster, U.
S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. .
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Henry S. Kozminsky, 27, city, and Lizzie A.
Seamands, 27. city.
Dan M. Willßon. 27, San Juan, and Janet
Paterson, IS, 715 Post street.
Charles L. Bennett, 27, 16 Clara street, and
Maggie J. Morris, 23, 6 Morris avenue.
Anton Mt^»;rschmldt, 28, 6098 Natoma street,
and Lizzie uiehl, 21, 3f4 Church avenue.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of tue publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.'
y BORN.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. April 17, 1900, to
the wife of James Fit-.patrtck, a daughter.
HEALEY— In West Berkeley, April 10, 1900, to
the wife of James E. Healey. a son.
MARRIED.
WILLDE— UTECHT— In this city, April 14,
1900, by the Uev. O. Groensberg, Joseph A.
Willde and Henrietta E. C. Utecht.
DIEIX
Beasley. Elizabeth E. Mljeot, Emma I_
Brunner. Bertha Muldoon, Thomas
Carlen, Amelia H. Murphy, Daniel D.
Cramer, Louise O'Brien, Mary
Crowlev, Edward S. Padgett. Henry C.
Flynn. "Timothy Patterson, William
Harvey. Johanna Pope, Emilie D.
Jacob. Theodore E. G. Raul, Mrs. Elizabeth
Johnson. John R. Roach, D. William
Label, Sophie Rosener, Samuel
Malune, Michael Schneider, Peter
Massie. Mary E. Sllva, Manuel
Mauter. Loula , Tollagsen. Sorhla
BEASLEY— In this city, April 17, 1900. Eliza-
beth E., beloved wife of Richard Beasley,
loving mother of William, Josephine. Loretta,
Veleata, Ruth and Roy Beasley, oldest and
beloved daughter of. the late Patrick and
Bridget Dugan of Smartsville, Yuba County.
Cal., and loving sister of Mrs. M. A.- Cul-
berson, William Dugan and the late Mrs.
Abbie Butterworth, a native of Sharon,
Mass., aged 33 year,s 4 months and 8 days.
SCTTtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 5.30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 181 Terry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be j
celebrated for the. repose, of her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRUNNER— In this city, April 16, 1900, Bertha
Brunner, beloved daughter of Anton and
Emelia Brunner. and sister of Victoria,
Charles and the late Wilhelm Brunner. a na-
tive of Chicago, 111., «tged 3 yeara and 4
months.
CARLEN— In Oakland, April 18, 1900. Amelia
Henrietta (Tatten), wife of John W. Carlen,
and mother of Mrs. Eugene Stackler, Mrs.
Frank C. Shipley, Mrs. Edw. S. Broadwater
and Harry T.. Robert H.. Charles E. and
John W. Carlen Jr., a native of London,
England, aged oS yeans.
CRAMER— In this city, April 18, 1900, Louise
Cramer, a native of Bavaria.
"_r ßemains at Halsted's undertaking par-
lors, Mission street. Interment at Santa
Clara by 2:45 o'clock train this day (Thurs-
day). Please omit flowers.
CROWLEY— In this city. April 18, 1900, of ty-
phoid fever, Edward Stephen, beloved son of
Stephen J. and Louisa M. Crowley (nee
Carey), a native of San Francisco, aged 11
years 1 month and 1" days.
FLYNN— In this city, April 18, 1900, Timothy
Flynn, beloved husband of Mary Flynn, and
father of Mrs. C. W. Smith, Mrs. A. J. Bar-
rett, Mrs. P. Madden, Mra. J. McLaughlin,
Mrs. J. T. Kelly and the late James J. Flynn,
a native of Ireland, aged 6S years.
KT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HARVEY- In this city, April 17, 1300, Johanna,
beloved wife of the late William Harvey, and
father of Hebbert. William and Grace Har-
vey, a native of Ireland, aged 38 years.
"T7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1301 Broadway, thence to St. Brigid's
Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACOB— In this city, April 18, 1900, at his resi-
dence. 1559 Pacific avenue, between Polk and
Larkln streets, Theodore Emanuel George,
beloved son of Charles E. and Mary Jacob,
and brother of Charles H., Lydia D. and the
late Adolph C. Jacob, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 27 years 8 months and 25 days.
"C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of his brother, Charles H. Jacob &
Co., 318 Mason street, between Geary and
O'Farrell. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by carriage.
JOHNSON— In this city, April 17, 1900, John R.,
beloved hUßband of Katie Johnson, father of'
Josle and Nita Johneon, and stepson of Mar-
tin Johnson, a native of San Francisco, aged.
23 years.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, .from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LABEL— In this city, April 17, 1900, Sophie,
beloved wife of Solomon Label, mother of
Helen and Abraham Label, and sister of Mrs.
B. Ansberg, Mrs. J. Hershlng, Mrs. L. Cohn
and Jacob and Richard Label, a native of
Lubentz, Bavaria, aged 40 years.
C/'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 141 Main street. Interment- Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets depot.
MALONE)- In this city. April 18, 1300, Michael,
beloved husband of Mary Malone, and father
of John J. and William P. Malone and Mrs.
Annie Hopper, a native of County Long-
ford, Ireland, aged 7S years.
MASfilE— ln Oakland, April 17, 1900. Mary E.,
beloved wife of John Massie, and mother of
John A. Massie Jr., a native of Hamilton,
Ontario, Canada, aged 62 years 9 months and
8 d«ys. ¦
CCT" Services and interment private.
MAUTER— In this city, April 18, 1900, Louis
Mauter, dearly beloved husband of Rosa Mau-
ter. und father of Herbert Mauter, Mrs. B.
E. Hoffmann and Mrs. Ph. Deller, a native
of Baden, Germany, nged 64 years 6 months
and 26 days. A member of Sargent Lodge-
No. 368, I. O. O. F. (Maslln and Canton, Ohio,
papers please copy.) .
(CTFrlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Gantner &
Guntz Undertaking Company's parlors, 8 and
10 City Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
MIJEOT— In this city. April 18. 1900, Emma
Louise, beloved daughter of Chris and Mag-
gie Mijeot. a native of San Francisco, aged
16 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. E6S Natoma street, between
Sixth and Seventh. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
MULDOON— In the City and County . Hospital,
April IS, 1300. Thomas Muldoon, a native of
England, aged 51 years.
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER C.X,
(.Successors to* Flannagaß & Gallagher),
rUMEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAI_IJ_UL
to Flltb ct., opposite Lincoln Sen ooi.
BHiSsß&tg"t' . Tclephon* Scuth 80. :
I UNITED UNDERTnKLRS. I
27 and 29 Fifth st,' Tel. . South 167.
FUNERAL DISECrOSS [ AND E MBALMER3. V ,
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. .
MURPHY— In Oakland. April 15. 1900. Daniel
D., beloved brother of William and Thoma-
Murphy, a native of Knockatoone, parish of
Roock Chapel, County Cork. Ireland, aged 26
years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday) at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. 510 Natoma street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 17. 1900 Mary
O'Brien. beloved sister of Mrs. Edward Hall,
a native of St. Catherines. Province of On-
tario. Canada, aged 66 years.
ICTFtiends and acquaintances are re«pect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thlg day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 153 Julian avenue, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where mass will be offered
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PADGETT— In Sunol. Cal.. April 17. 1900, Henry
Corcoran, beloved husband of Etta L. Pad-
eett. a native of West Virginia, aged 30
years 1 month and 8 days. (Washington. D.
C, and Santa Cruz papers please copy.)
*_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between Geary and O'Farrell. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PATTERSON— In Berkeley, April 18. 1900, Wil-
liam Patterson, husband of Annie Patterson,
and father of Mrs. H. G. Wilson and Henry
Patterson, a native of Scotland, aged 73 years
3 months and 2 days.
C7"The funeral will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, .from his late resi-
dence, 1637 Walnut street. Berkeley. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. San Francisco,
arriving on 1:50 o'clock boat.
POPE— At the residence of her father, John
T Doyle, Menlo Park. April 18, 1900, Emllie
D. Pope, wife of Francis Pope, aged 31 years.
RAUL— In Oakland, at the German Altenheim,
April IS. 1900, Mrs. Elizabeth Raul, a na-
tive of Hanover. Germany, aged 73 years and
2S days.
ROACH-In Honolulu. H. 1.. April 2, 1900. D.
William Roach, beloved husband of Annie
Roach, and brother of John P. Roach, Mrs.
Ollie Doan and Mrs. Margaret M. Seley of
San Francisco, a native of Sacramento. Cal.,
aged 27 years. -
ROSENER— In this city. April 17, 1900, Samuel,
beloved husband of Fanny Rosener. and
father of Nettie, Daisy, Emma, Charles.
Hilda and Leland Rosener. a-natlve of Ger-
many, aged 61 year* 11 months and 5 days.
ETFrf^nds ard acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from Temple Em-
anu-El, Butter street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 11:45 o'clock. By
special request please omit flowers.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, April 17, 1900. at
his residance. 810 Filbert street. Peter, beloved
husband of Mrs. Clara Schneider, father of
Conrad. Martin, Peter and Joseph Schneider
and Mrs. Raymond Huber, and brother of
Mrs. Lizzie Voltz and Martin Schneider, a
native of Oestheim. Hessen-Darmstadt. Ger-
many, aged 67 years 1 month and 4 days.
lE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from St. Paulus German Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and Gough
streets, where services will be held, commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
SILVA— In the City and County Hospital,
April 18, 1900, Manuel Sllva, a native of Por-
tugal, aged 44 years.
TOLLAGSEN— In South San Francisco, April
13, 1900, Sophia Tollapsen. dearly beloved
mother of Charles Tollagaen, Mrs. John
Welth and Andrew Tollagßen, a native of
Norway, aged 76 years and 7 months.
ENTRIES FOR DOG SHOW
MUST BE MADE QUICKLY
Lists Will Close on Sunday, After
Which No More Dogs Will
Be Received.
The officials having charge of the list
ing of entries for the forthcoming bench
show of the San Francisco Kennel Club
are kept continually busy at the office, 233
Montgomery street. Entries close next
Sunday, and owners intending to name
their dogs sjhould not delay. No pedigree
is necessary and dogs educated to perform
tricks will nnd special classes. The en
trance fet is $3. The regular prizes are
$5. $3, medals and diplomas. Special
prizes consist of silver cups and trophies,
ranging in value from $25 to $75.
Among the St. Bernard-entries are Judge
Troutfs magnificent rough-coated dog,
Xenophon, by Colonel Bernard out of
Nellie Bland, and Fred Bushnell's smooth
coated champion, Le Prince Jr. It Is
quite likely the champion will have to
flght it out with Xenophon for the Ford
trophy.
N. H. Hickman's Warren Sceptic is also
going to run up against some tough rivals
for championship honors. J. B. Martin's
unbVaten fox terrier, Alden Swagger, is
in the pink of condition. The Rev. J. W.
Hlnton's Aldon Artist has developed Into
a wonderfully fine dog. while G. L. War
ing of Santa Monica will send up Sweet
William, a terrier that can hold his own
in the best company.
The puppy class in bull terriers will be
an exceptionally large one. "Dick" Roun
tree, secretary of the Pacific Bull Terrier
Club already regards as his own the
stein offered for the best dog puppy, but
Mr Winchell thinks he has a surprise in
store for Mr. Rountree in an eleven
months-old puppy by Woodcote Wonder
out of Champion Sunshine. The puppy
arrived yesterday In fine condition and,
with his fine head and legs, will certainly
take a lot of beating.
Olympians at water Polo.
Captain Charles K. Melrose s team of
¦water polo experts defeated the team cap
tained by George Hlnkle in a match grama
last night in the Olympic Club's big tank.
The score was three goals to nothing;. Of
these Leary scored t,wo and Melrose one.
The play was exciting throughout. The
teams were made up as follows:
First team— Captain C. K. Melrose. B. Car
roll H. Hartman. T. Duran. W. Kennedy. W.
Swinnerton, G. Sherry, S. Leary, H. Pfuhl,
George James (goalkeeper).
Second team— Captain George Hlnkle, G.
Croll, G. Habenlcht, Lester Hammersmith, W.
Wilder. H. Gillette. W. Dickey, George Clough.
H. Bylngton and W. J. Leonard (goalkeeper).
The Oridi 'a" Little Louisiana Comp-nv of
San Frnncisco, Drrwinji Ap 1114. 900
No. 72,832 wins $7500, sold in San Francisco,
Cal.: No. 63,457 wins $2000. sold In fian Fran-
cisco, Cal.: No. 31,161 wins $1000. Bold in San
Francisco, Cal.; No. 64,640 wins $300, sold In San
Francisco, Cal.; Nos. 55,614 and 62,044 each win
$250 sold in San Francisco, Cal.; Nos. 20,081,
23,655, 2C.653. 49.505 and 60,566 each win $100, sold
In Sacramento. Cal.; Virginia City, Nevada,
and San Francisco, Cal. • '.••- • :
HOTEL ARRIVAILS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H Early. Mo
J E Willard, Va
Mrs J Kelly, Chicago
P Woodworth, Chlcgo
J B Roote, Butte
B Archey. N V
W S Norman. Rpokm
8 E Fletcher, Port'ndi
W Lainont. Vancnuvr
Mrs R Wylle. Napa (
E Carpenter, S Lak*
F II Grevn, S Rafael
C TobeyJr, Menlo
E P Kenyon. Chicago
J Paulson, Portland ,
M A Potter, Ind
L M Cole. Chlcazo
8 G Roberta, Madera
S II Perky, Mass
O A Trtppet, S Di»go
Mrs W Kohl; S Mateo
Miss Kohl, S Mateo
J Law, Colo
Mrs J McNeil, S Cruz
C X Bleelow, S Barbra
Mrs Bigelow. S Brbra
Mlas G Haven, Boston,
E S Grace, Chicago 1
E S Kimball. Chicago |
C O Scott. Cleveland 1
Mrs Scott, Cleveland
Mrs J Young, Chicago |
Mrs I Peyton. Bpokatf !
Mrs G Hutchlnson, Cgo
Miss Hutchlnson. Chgo
Mrs C Wardweil, CngJ
n TIT Mnnaon. ChlCgO I
G A Hutchlnson, Cheo
W H Nichols, Chicago
Mrs Nichols, Chicago
A G Fay, Chicago
Mrs Carper, Chicago
G Smith, Milwaukee
Mrs Outhout, N V
Miss Schilling, N T
M A Mackintosh, P At
Mrs Mackintosh. P Alt
O W Greely, Boston
J M Kocers, Chicago
Mrs Rogers, Chicago
L J Aaron. Plttsbunr
Mrs Aaron, Plttsburtf
G W Baxter. Denver
Mrs Baxter, Denver
J D Reed. S A .
Mrs Reed, S A
S SCplesberger, Chgo
Mrs Spiesberger, Chgo
F C Baker. Oreroa
Mrs Baker, Oregon
Miss A Goeckler, Conn
B U Steinman, Sacto
W P Thorsen, Mich
Sirs Thorsen, Mich
P H Lannan, S Lake
H Strauss, Chicago
Mrs Strauss, Chicago
II C Baldwin, Boston
Mrs J Cameron. Wls
Mlps C Kuntz, Wis
R Robertson, 8 Crus •
O R Morris. Sonora
J D O'Kane, Menlo
GRAND HOTEL. 4
J D Rippey, Palermo
A W Stewart, Kyde
D Powell. Marysvllle
H Thorp. Sacramento
E L Southworth. Sacu
j L. Stevenson. L Ang
J Levison. Rocklln
H C BarKman. Stocktn
E M Rosenthal, S Jose
W Mathews. Cal
H'K Spencer, US Kb
J E Shoobert. - Sauslto
J W Dorsey, Cal
C H Smith. Cal
H M Broadbark. Cal
II M Merrlam. USA
B R Banning, Oakland
J W Bailey. Helena,
O H Lawson. 1 rek4
N Balckstock. Ventura
C C Perlne. Denver.
M J Kimball. N H
B A Plant. MD. S Crz
L Huslman. Montague
Mrs J C Dv Bols. Cal
H C ; Gleeson & w.
Shawsburg
8 C Gleeson. Boston
H P Whltmore & w.
Omaha
!I Rejoiart & w. 8 Clra
tl T Johns & w, Oak
Knoll Vale -
Dr M P Ro«s. Saeto
\V D Lonß:, Nevada Cy
S-G Birch, Plucervllle
E M Grimes, Oakland
Mr & Mrs L. J Daly.
Butte
G W Crystal. ¦ Vacavlle
H H Dana. Alameda
W H Mallary. Stktn
Mrs Roaenbeix & c,
Seattle
O H Weflnr, N T
Miss Kin-:. Cal
Miss King, eacramento
J- W Ross, Bakersfleld
G H Buell, Stockton
F W Johnston. Lorln
J Goldman/ Merced
F T Mclntyre, N V
A G Boggs. Reddln-f
J S Keoeber, Seattle
C A Bell. Vancouver
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I F Parker. Cal
Capt Nelson, Los Anjf
A-.P Brown. Fresno
T Gay. Sulsun
J Klnjr, Sacto
H B Center, Mojave
J C Douehty, Minn
\V H Richardson, Minn
F L Ross, Petaiuma
S Swanson, Minn
H H Campbell, Cal
Dr C II Ball. Fresno
C M Madden. Callstoga
J L Flower. Tac'oma
C M Smith. Ix>« Anj
O H Walker, Cal
F H Bardln, Cal
XOTTEBY DBAWINO.
OFFICIALDRAWING
—OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.)
Slnftlo Number, Class *'D," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, April 14, 1900.
No. Pri»;e.|No. Prize*. No. Prlxe.
185 40 212 16 266 18
354 40 396 80 403 4)
436 24 437 40 451 24
63S 14 795 40 827 13
£65 16 1063 21 1368 24
13S8 16 1551 4) 1568 13
1707 16 1758 16 IS2I 18
1566 24 1930 40 2005 IS>
2037 80 2040 -, 16 2130 4t>
2190 40 2279 16 2407 4}
2472 40 2501 J4 2526 16
2606 24 27C0 80 272S 24
2811 40 292!) 40) 5063 IS
3214 16 3226 40 2314 16
33D3 24 3335 16 3443 16
3463 16 2G32 16 3643 16
3700 24 J732 24 3807 '16
3561 24 £887 40 3590 IS
4056 16 4103 16 4228 IS
4231 40 4242 164 4338 16
4463 24 4585 BCH 4616 -.. 16
4876 16 6014 16 j 6130 16
£254 SO 5253 24 E352 4>
5375 80 6506 16 (647 t>
6711 16 5759 40 6791 40
6SS6 24 6952 16 6035 49
6038 16 6159 4) 6136 24
6303 24 6350 24 6.V57 83
6637 16 6*14. ....... 120 6373 -> IS
7031 24 7135 24 7200 16
7215 2i 7337 16 7335... 40
7463 16 7479 24 7577 24
7553 16 7585 24 7683 16
7763 24 7772 16 7927 4<)
7<J£2 16 8168 24 8173 40
8273 24 8424 24 875S 49
8897 16 8909 24 891S 80-
8364........ 24 9074 80 9103 16
9227 16 9231 40 9402........ 16 J
9413 16 9458... 16 5435 16 1
• 9565 40 9631 ' 40 9663 18
9693 24 »741 16 9865 16
9578 40! 9941.. 16 10041 80
NXH7 40 10079 120 10115 80
10203 16 10271 16110330 16
10345 16 10749 4010558 80
10914 i<> 111*2 24 U29« 24
11324 80 11407 16 11428 24
11444 24 11454 16 11683 16
11754 24111753 IS 11SS6 16
11953 16 11i53. ....... 1612003 16
12236 24 12275........ 16 12327 16
12475 16 12^58 40 12313 18 I
13%8 16J13CM 16:13111 16
13201 50113230 2113239 40
13270 16113413 16 13434 40
13458 24J13533 24;1372S _, 16
13739 24 13755 24(13767 16
13310 16 14003 24:14056 J4
14117 16 14225 16,14233 80
14475 24 14508 16 14548 -? 24
11573 24 14576 16f14347 16
14355 40115060 1615C39 16
15348 40 1537S 16|13435 16
15314 4015585 40 15633 24
15C«2 14 15777 16113835 18
15i'30 16 15172 80 16195 16
16321 16!16521 24 1*638 16
16ST.S 16:16372 15 16375 16
17056 16 17279 24:17313 16
17462 24 17430 40J17459 24
17532.. 16 1774S 24 17775 16
17883 40H7353 1618029 24
15043 24i15178 4»i15370 24
15331 40115393 40 1*516 IS i
15535 24<]<733 1*|15736 16 j
19074 16i13?i2 24 19268 4>
19364 40-ISM2* 4*-'1947S 16 I
19495 16,19501 40;i5368 24
19603 16119344 16 19961 40 I
195*73 24513997 40 . . j
2C061 40020176 24^20321 16 !
I 203"2 16 20353 2i:"**o2 43 !
' 20700 1620714 16:2CSSS 80;
20920 24:20363 86 210C3 24 I
21073 16:21050 8021126 24
•21205 5C:21311 120 21327 24
21362 24,21428 24:2H54 16 !
21460 120 1 2 1507 15|21534 16 !
i 21260 24:21373 24;21*25 16;
j 21597 24 21311 16! 22009 40'
I 22011 80 22133 1*22076 18 1
i 22P93 2422100 IS 22U2 43'
122322 24:22543 16 22644 80 :
122733 24 22363 120 ! 23*21 16 I
123313 24 23321 80,23:03 16 1
i 235?5 40C;23S. T 2 40 23S8S 40 ¦
' 23?25 16 24037 24!24141 16!
241C0 1624191 16:2421* 16!
24335 24:24471 24,24473 SO
. 244*1 16124534 24 24*1* 24 I
24t574 16 24738 24124753 21 I
24755 16124801 40|21*26 24
' 21954 16 24976 24125167 16
! 251 S3 4023238 16123502 18!
! 255R1 162J566 80:25725 16 j
. 23519 16 2*046 162 6447 16
,26051 16!"R1*3., 12^2620*. 24,
' 2K-.-.0 24:26254 16;25316 1« !
1 26572 24 26"C0 16***75 80
I 26G«3 400:2*754 2427842 40
; 27f,*0 1«:271*4 242720» 16
t 272*6 40273*2 1627347 16
273*4 2427497 80 27525 S3
27^31 40i25130 40J2527S 16
25294 40!28"35 24!25524 40
25.-*7 16:2563S 24J2**66 16
2SC7O 40J28-.39 36'2$**S 16
2R934 16 2"0?7 40'2n«2 gO
I 25230 B*i2*"6S 24:23410 16
! 25306 16 .80028 16,303*4 40
' 304C6 24130442 16 ! 30tS* 16
30549. 16130579 80 JW4S 24
! 80*71 40J3C674 40 3C770 40
130791 16'3O*;S 24 311*1 4000
, 311*6 40131227.. 24131*37 40
3170? 1632*2* 1632036 24
32265 24!"*3C5 16 22**4 24
32SM 16J32855 12032*80 16
331*3 2453252 1C!53313 40
33471 4033729 40133737 24
33797 5033501 16133540 16
S3J6I 1«!54147 40134240 43
54334 4013433? 24 34*54 34
34433 1634603 80134«55 40
34700 1«'34740 16134753 16
54754 24!34"*4 40135014 16
33273 24J-T419 120'3T,413 40 !
3569 161 V.596 IS!3s**6 24
33540 24(3:854.. 16J35972 SO
33974 4036026... J0J36072 1*
36338 16136394 16:36516 16
3C363 40i3*-36S 24|366*2 16
35549 16!36*80 40:36354 16
36339 24!3705S 24'371«4 24
371*4 .*.. 40|371*3 24372*3 40
37213 24!373C8 1R137472 16
37*78 16137710 24)377*0 16
37D25 40135074 16 l"124 24
35131 16135149 24>3*165 18
35259 161352"-3 16 38*52 40
354C4 1635417 24,38420 34
35300 1613*509 1635653 40
356*6 24!3"-020 40J39P38 40
3004S 16(39101 1*8"224 16
3P319 24J33341 16 33461 16
3J472 80133557. ....... 120:3^728 18
39930 16:40083 16:40313 40
4C342 16140362 16140.-63 18
40634 80140838 24|40849 24
40877 40)40001 %16!40942 16
40974". 16 40989 16141132 24
41192 1614119* 154122? 16
41345 16!416M 40:41833 120
41900 16U2021 161421*8 16
42827 24142623 24142651 18
42714 24142779 80112*70 40
42915 80!42*»?2 16 43333 40
43629 16 43753 1*43818 16
43-22 16 4388S 24 43592 IS
44079 1«144053 40 44235 40
44373 24J44533 12044608 ' 4»
44-15 1«t44«99 2444M2 49
44914 1*144-1- 2444592 24
45C0*- 1*45016 4« 4.1259.. ...... IS
43445 ¦ 1645612 49 43774 16
45-03 40i4M?0 24 45830 40
46016 2414*044 24*46117 16
4C261 2414*3.13 Hi^KS.. 24
46579 1614*730 34,46734 40
46**3 16146*60 16*47017 16
47106.*....-.. 40U7244 16147297 16
47329 16(47509 16147395 16
47659 16'47«74 4047728 40
47-40 1-147W 24U-004 16
45107 8014*122 40148337 16
4V137 ........ 24145659 $5148664 40
UmVr. 244-.7SS I*'4SK4 24
45967 1849020 40»49037 24
49163 .... 804«279 1«14?337 18
]j<m-> 16 4*4-3 40!4*3H 18
3i TC s 40U<>729 40!4*".1S 24
49553 1849872 24J43905 400
50010*.'."!'." 24 50259 18 50323 '24
50377 ..... 40'53r.*6 40o'w>*45 18
5C?23. 16:51132 4051223 16
51409 4O'3l4S*> 4*>!51J46 24
K lfi « 4 4051747 16151841.... 16
sijV; 15152WW........ 16152142 1»
62393 .... 8352402 H0'52443 43
525_L 24152539 4O'-.2544 16
32542 .... 24132734 16J32757 24
52077 16^53255. 2453353 18
53419 5053444 24,15344* IS
££37 8000! 5»27 50 ( 5J?*0........ 40
53-,!W> 1654068 16154135 16
54H7 1*154273 1*543*0 80
SJJ7I 24154709 34J54533 U 24
M3?6! 120154337 15!5J018 gO
55023 80 55043 WSSICJ 1«
EE218. ....... 24 55234 80 55459 16
05574.! 40 55J-S 16 SKM 83
sf,in4 100055619 16!867T>« IS
85720 24155722 16155734 16
E5747 40t55*-.S 16 s*">«3 IS
E-129 1"!361<>1 24|5621* .40
I 6I 63 43 24156482. 24155352 16
56717 24!5-«44 24151059 16
86956 40157072 43:57078 24
B7US 40'57T53 ,16572*9 24
87329 1657373 24'574^S 24
8755S 161576** 24157745 18
677CT 161R7-O4 IS'STOI 120
£8(104 24158035 16 : J8155 18
B-202 40JES21I SO3S3M 40
68322 16!o"417 16'F5507 U
58733 165*.774 ieiX«s4S 16
85930 40133038 40!8«**3 2t
B9o*> 1615M2» 16|5J»254 is
59323 24153547 24'R9353 24
59335 185M11 2415961J v
5?6»4 40159832 BO'SM6S 24
59890 241599-8 24'*O10T 24
60344 161603*2 2460413 J4
6ns3*> 2460594 241W76S J6
60*43 24160905 l*! 61081 40
61171 1*.!61".V> 1651543 Ji
61M4 8061*7? 40 ! "1730 24
61759 16'61<81 12OI61«6O J4
61*«5 16!*2002 24*2018 16
62044 1C0V82045 4O'«2!ft~ 24
62223 16*2567 iO'ttm 40
62561: 16!«2805.. '. 24*2306 ' 16
62377 16163043 16! 13162 14
LOTTEBY DBAWINa.
No. Prix*. IN©. Prize. (No. Prize.
63230 2V63251 40 63323 1«
63378 15|«3470 .. IS S3SCS 18
63655 16,63687 16;63552 40
63367 24164410 40:64640 KM
64663 16{64745 43:648*0 80
64356 16J64990 16€5120 2*
65263 2465^)7 «0 85G27 24
65961 2466046 216A056 2t
66213 8066238 id 6«272 2»
66377 24 66464 40 6»435 IS
669C2 24 66363 40 66392 80
67039 40 67064 16 67114 40
87277 120 67253 15;57423 IS
87468 24167455 8C* 1 675./7 21
67516 15J67536 80;*7fiSl 1*
87757 8O;6S113 2168191 2»
65295 16185419 2 1 68741 18
65304 16;65385 16 600G5 24
69359 24 50262 16 6^407 1«
63*59 24;695;il 1« 7'*>3s B>>
70254 i 80,70673 80,70f139 18
70621 40|70C59 15,7*».63 1*
70637 80:70847 1517C572 40
7W03 24 70935 1617005i> 83
70364 16 71077 24,71151 16
71235 24 71350 2471+12 18
71412 24 71552 40171512 24
71522 16 71951 16,72107 16
72329 16,72423 M|7253 18
72537 16,72577 16 7:«2 18
72639 16172503 16|725r,2 MOO)
72563 4073132 24 73153 2t
73342 16J734.-.3 16173.V0 16
72623.. 16173545 80,73701 ft>
73733 J4173747 2472C'0« 24
74171 40:74205 80 74212 24
74267 16(74333 2474539 2t
74614 40174615 16174634 40
74743 80 74983. 80i7303'> 16
75155 24 75325 247542* ?>
75498 80;75«09 40173677 IS
75710 16175947 16 76023 W
76143 8*76186 16 76275 40
76302 24176303 16'7'!326 80
76343 16 76347 40176524 1«
76636 80 76759 12076504 16
76528.. ...... 16176959 1676068 If.
77445. 24;77430 1_0 ; 77484 IS
77543 24 77709 16|77861 IS
77595 16,77925 80 .78067 18
78270 24:78490 2478543 / 2*
78590.. -_?. 16i78909.._.... 2417W33 B>>
75033.. ...... 1673107...?.... 80|79119 SO
79162 8079278 14179289 18
79112 16,79420........ 40i79600 2+
79612 16173669 16 797R9 40
79806 40J79530 80 7T013 40
80157 24j80352...t.... 16.80412 -.. 24
80443 40 30491 4050502 14
8059S :. 24180715 24.80734 24
80894 16,81328 43:81341 2*
81655 16 81672 24 31675 _. 40
81744 24!5177« 40!siS14 18
81822.. ...... SOi&IDSS 18,81303 40
MlO9 1682123 24,82217 24
&2305 165 2485 40i«54S 80
82560 40J53061 18182233 U
8.1113.. ...... 24|53335 50;53375 24
83306 4CM83338 40 83400 18
83430 24 83473 24 Sl'.n IS
83557 120.535*) 34 $3717 24
83720 16:5353 l 16 83901 16
83933 4083338 24]53357 14
84C28 24184114 16 S42IS 24
84333 _0'"4356 24:84651 24
84747 15154798 S0;84816 16
84853 24,84927 16:83212....-,.. 40
85215 16185244 1«|53338 40
85369 16 >54''.S 18'5;.567 24
85994 161860C2 40i56179....~_. IS
861S8 «0:56219 24:86218 16
86247 40i8«3C8. ....... 168<!38.? 24
86407.. ...... 40 ! 86457 16 86717...—.. 1«
87143 K87249 8057337. ..._,.. 80
87415 1687624 14;*7»35 1«
87758 *4:5777J 40 83002 18
88139 JO 88245 16:8*246 14
M3SS 16:55518 . 16!5?537 24
88660 16 89734 1*188753.. ._.. 24
58771 80;s?S15 1618SW1 40
88914 8088531 16:89059 18
83C62 12O!S'I1O1 24!59113 18
??IS2 24'"9133 16153463 18
895W) 18!8">en© 16180*79 16
JW4I 21W067 24i?n227 IS
9C279 24?02'«2 1C1XM55..4 1«
90(35 24:9 C"*8 1690*49 18
9102S 1*91^43 IS:SIO*S 16
*l-iE3. ....... 24 91461 16:91«I2 SO
91656 21:91733 40192172 24
92438 ]*'*2471 2V,*2633 24
92666 80i92631 80:92741 16
52546 40925:>7 24 92323 I*.
92930 2453031 16 53116 1«
53159 16931*3 245-3177. ....... 24
•3364 16,93*C6 49JK3M 24
93416 i 16AW4 16M49<5 40
93.-40 40"37:..- l*iU-*<? "0
939.-0 40'941€S 40'9!253 40
94200 24:94310 16134311 16
94312 24 943*1) 104405 I"
94413 16.0401 l 1694388 lt>
91627 24*5039 16'Cm05O • 1«
Ssf-,i 249514* I<s 9.-,".-.<> 16
95258 16:?. r .3SI 1*95406 1«
9-.452 24 5.V.-.2 16 Ds9(>l *)
9.-,-64 120!95577 16 96M') 24
jfi.>|- 16'9*2r.9 1209P231 40
J«324 W'W"": 4C0"4.1"' 1*
J6457 • 4""!Ws4>> 249**13 80
-ifc-2-. 120' ( >6713 249*719 1«
W738 409«83.S 24'"-<WI3 IS
95-47 169720» 24!>7X T 3. ....... 18
97351 40974*0 2t"7",3 40
J7J63 16:97*47 24 ?7R«3 40
»76*3 40|97&58 1697310 24
97171 16 9*023 40'?".1*-S 1"
95368 B'>'9"-4"S 12*- 0*442. ....... 24
JS4S3 4<V*,5434 1*.;*4«31 1*
9-737 SO'SSSU SIISBBM IS
9SSS3 1698594 2491015 40
SMS3 16!09J13 24 99290 1«
J-306 16^324 80:39404 16
*K33 1633564 16 90579 Hi
99743 401 1
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 72. SOS to 72.3<K. lncluslre,
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30.000— 540.
100 numbers from 83.407 to> 53.507. Inclusive,
belns 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $3000— 524.
100 numbers from 31.111 to 31.211. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
: drawing the capital prize of $4000—111
- . TERMINAL PRIZES.
JW nnmbers ending with 82, being th« two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30.000— «.
993 numbers ending with 57, being th» two
last figures of the number drawing th* second
capital prize of $SCoO— s3.
The subscriber having supervised the siagl«
number drawing, class D. Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
! above are the numbers which were this day
i drawn from the 10<>,0«jO placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez. Honduras.
C. A., this Saturday. April 14, 1300.
W. S. CAB El J* Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR $I— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAPI-
TAL PRIZE.
State et Louisiana. Parts of Orleans— «s.
Before me, Edward Rlghtor, a notary pubtto
In and for the Parish of Orleans, State o*
Louisiana, personally appeared Robert Kut-
scher. who resides at Degrove. Cook County,
111., who being by me. notary, duly sworn, did
depone and say that he ia the bona fide owner
and purchaser of one-talf ticket numbered
33,047 of the Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery Company), claaa
C drawing of March 1!>. 19<», which number
dfe— the first capital prize of $30.GC0 (thirty
thousand dollars) at said drawing, which waa
h*ld at Puerto Cortex. Honduras, C. A., and
that said ticket was paid on presentation.
ROBERT KITTSCHER.
Bworn to and subscribed to before met this
*_d day of March IDOO.
EDWARD RIGHTOR. Notary Public
$7500 FOR sft CENTS— ONE-FOTJKTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of New York, City and County of New
York. Borough of Manhattan — s*.
Isaac H. Schur. being duly sworn, denese*
and says that he resides at No. 11l Webster
street. Boston. Mass.; that he ia the lawful
owner of one-quarter of a two-dollar ticket
of the Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company), of which
a d-awln* waa held on Saturday, March 10, 100,
at Puerto Ccnes, Honduras. C. A. In »_!d draw,
tng No. SM7 won the first capital prize of $30,000.
and that he has received the amount of $7505
In full payment of any and all claims thereof.
ISAAC H. SCHUR.
Sworn to before me this J2d day of Marck,
1300. SAMUEX. ZIPP.IS.
Notary Public. New York County.
t4oo© FOR -_-©NE-HALF OF SECOND CAPI-
TAL PRIZE.
State of New York, City and County of New
Max Haefner. being duly sworn, deposes and
says that he resides at No. 556 West Fortieth
street. New York City, and th*t he is the holder
of one-half ticket No. C 5.376 of the Honduras
Lottery Company, which ticket was drawn on
March 10. 1900: th*t said number won the sec-
end capital prize of $S00O; that he received the
sum of $4000 In full payment of said ticket.
MAX HAEFNER.
Sworn to before me this 20th day of March.
1000. GILBERT J. McGLERN.
CotnmHsloner of Deeds. New York County.
NEW YORK. March 13. 13«>.
11000 FOR X CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF SEC-
OND CAPITAL PRIZE.
We. Ada Shear and Gusste Kadlsch, hot- of
New York City. Borough of Manhattan, ap-
peared In person before me. on the above-men-
tioned date, to me known and known to b«
the individuals d-scrlbed In this Instrument,
and they have acknowledged to me that tney
have received the sum of one thousand (Slooo>
dollars for ticket No. 85.878 in the Honduras
National Lottery Company, in the drawing
which took place on the lOtn day of March.
1900 at Puerto Cortez, Honduras. Central Amer-
ica.' ADA SHEAR.
j QUSSIE KADISCH.
in presence of JO ____ JACOBOwrrZk
Commissioner of Deeds. New Yorlc County.
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by pres-
ident of Honduras National Lottery (Louisiana
Bute Lottery Company).
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIQENCB.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April IS.
Schr North Bend. Palmgren. > days from
Wlllara Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORT.
TA COMA— Arrived April IS— Schr C S Holm a*,
from Port Townsend. /
-¦ ? ¦
Siamese people have so superstitious a
dislike for odd numbers that th*v strive
always to have an even number of rooms,
doors, windows, closets, etc.. la thai*
houses.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, APRIL, 19, 1900.
11Will Not Obey the Law.
J:-.'R.':' Domingo, a scavenger, was con
victed by Judgel Mogan 'yesterday- on a
charge of dumping I garbage In I a vacant
lot at Fourteenth and Castro streets. He
was caught in the act by Policeman Mc-
Hugh. Domingo, has been arrested be
fore for a simllari offense and the I Judge
intimated that ¦ when he appears for sen
tence this morning he will make an ex
ample of him..
S DENTAL WORK I
W . OF THE MIGriEST GRADE AT w
$& ZZZIZZZZZZI half the usual price. 4@k
Wr; , ask your friends about us.
fIP Painless Methods. Prompt Attention. lP
@ «— ~~~......... uy.AIW VROOM" ©
®^^ .Evenings until 9. Sundayß all ? - ? r*l^ ? WWJXJIIM.
? day. Written (guarantee 10 yrs. ? (OUR NEW HOMEI KTCa
| Full Set of Teeth, pain- | lUUK nLW nOmtl, K^
.¦".". less extractions 'free.. 54.00 up i iflOl MnnL-»t «f>M*t J^C
458k ' Gold Crowns, 22-k $3 JJO up ( IUUI Market fetPCCt,
Pgw " Fillings *'3o up _ mr«, ci»m fss*9
:^9r.y ' Teeth Without Plates Our " S- w - Corner Sixth.
•:': ' ? P .7T. y '. .T, f 7.T.' \ SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY.
': The' Largest Office West of Chicago.
®%*mm®®®®o@®®®®©@
"I want some whiskey, and I want It bad";
they didn't give him Jesse Moore.
<=Tf=3IIE Fifth Congressional District Re
publican Committee will meet to
ll night In the office of W. H. Cobb.
Parrott building. The meeting is
called by the chairman. Max Goldberg,
to consider the advisability of holding
primaries for the election of delegates to
the district convention.
In the Fourth District a resolution de
claring in favor of primaries has been
adopted and the Fifth has been requested
to adopt a resolution of similar character
and to fix a day on which the election in
both districts may take place.
There is a peculiar state of affairs In
the Fifth District. Last June J. Alva
Watt, • who was chairman of the conven
tion in 189S which nominated E. F. Loud
for Congress, appointed the following to
compose the district committee: E. I.
Robinson, W. H. Cobb, Frank French, G.
H. Fairchild, Max Goldberg, Jesse Marks,
F. R. Danforth, Alvinza Hayward, R.
Donovan, Louis O'Neal and J. D. Mac
kenzie.
The commltttee organized last month
by the election of Max Goldberg as chair
man and Louis O'Neal secretary. Whether
J. Alva Watt had authority to appoint the
committee is still an open question. He
claims that a resolution was adopted by
the convention of September, 1838, which
conferred upon him the power to appoint
the committeee; but when the committee
met for organization he did not produce
the records of the convention. When the
Fourth District committee was called to
order the records of the convention of IS9B
in that district were produced and read,
to show, the source from which the com
mittee derived Its power to manage the
initial affairs of the present campaign.
There seems to be a desire on the part
of Republican voters in the Fifth Dis
trict to have a voice In the selection of
delegates to represent them in the district
and State conventions which will meet
next month to choose delegates to the
National Republican Convention. At the
recent meeting of the State Central Com
mittee J. Alva Watt announced that
primary elections would be ordered In the
Assembly districts of San Francisco
within the boundaries of the Fifth Con
gressional District. Since that announce
ment'was openly made in the presence of
a hundred Republicans ; Watt seems to
have* changed his intentions. Others
have * changed front, hence considerable
opposition to the holding of primaries has
been developed.
Various reasons for the change of base
are given. One member of the commit
tee Eays that he fears that. the A. P. A.'a
will get In and capture the works. An
other member apprehends that Martin
Kelly's rounders from the Fourth District
will. swing about and seize the primaries
in* the Fifth. The reasons are not good
and sufficient. They are not the real rea
sons for the change of front.
The Call, having made careful inquiry
and- close Investigation to ascertain the
actual cause for opposition to primaries,
reaches the ' conclusion that' the opposi
tion'is secretly directed by Collector of
Revenue John C. Lynch and that the said
Hales.
i Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will »top
J cough. Never falls.": Try It. v All druggist*. •
Cannot Deduct Inheritance Tax.
The City , Attorney 1 yesterday informed
the Assessor, that he is not warranted un
der the law to allow an : estate having
money in bank, to deduct: from -the same
the amount due as -collateral, inheritance
tax: therefore the estate Is not entitled to
deduct from any of its solvent creditors
the amount of any 'tax it may owe to the
State. :
Our name on your printing raises the stand-
ard of your goods. '--My-eell-Rollins, 22 Clay.' s*
OPPOSES THE GRANTING
OF SPECIAL PERMITS
Reed Lays the Law Down to His
Associates in the Board of
Supervisors.
Supervisor Reed yesterday addressed a
communication to his .associates- In" the
board in which he submits several. reasons
for opposing the 'granting of .any. privi
leges for permanent encroachment. on the
sidewalks of the city,: which" he 'holds- to'
be in violation of the charter provisions.
"I think it is evident," says Reed, "that
at the present time numerous citizens are
succeeding in evading the provisions of
ordinances affecting the whole municipal
ity by receiving special privileges^from
the board. These tnings are of the nature
of 'political pulls,' mar the general admin
istration of the law and make the citizens
feel that if they have sufficient Influence
they, can avoid the general enforcement of
ordinances.
"I therefore submit tha,t the policy , of
granting' special permits ¦to maintain
either permanent or, temporary encroach
ments .upon the sidewalks or the streets
is. unwise in practice, contravenes one -of
the main principles of the charter and is
calculated , to destroy the equal adminis
tration of the law."
Will of Hippolite Dutard.
The will of Hlppollte Dutard ; was filed
in the Probate ; Court yesterday. It 'be
queaths all the property, of the deceased
to his widow, Eliza. Dutard, who, with
Walter D.. Sheldon, William C Barnard
and Charles , B. Stone, jis named as .ex
ecutor. Barnard > ;was . the ' confidential
clerk of the deceased ? and provision is
made in the will that he be employed In a
similar capacity by the estate.to be paid
for his services In addltlon/to his com
missions as executor. The estate . is val
ued at $800,000.
Declines to Investigate.
President McKlnley has notified the
Anti-Civil Service League of this city that
he declines to order an Investigation as
to the alleged discrimination made against
veterans of the Civil War at Mare Island
Navy. Yard as there are no available
funds for such an investigation.
The league at its meeting last night
commended Recorder Godchaux for hi 3
effort to nulify the civil service clause of
the new charter and after pledging all
delegates to the various conventions to
oppose the civil service enactments, both
Troubles of the Cobbs.
Josephine. L.Cqbb .yesterday filed an
amended complaint in her suit for divorce
against Harry- D.'M. Cobb, her husband.
Their marital infelicities were aired In the
papers a few weeks ago. Mrs. Cobb now
charges cruelty and. specifies that on Feb
ruary 25 last her. husband seized a shot
gun and threatened. to klllher. He struck
her on several' other occasions and called
her vile names. She alleges- that he Is In
possession of $500 worth of realty and asks
that he be restrained from selling any
part thereof. She* also asks -for $40 per
mpnth alimony and $50 counsel fees.
Veterans of the Guard.
The annual banquet of the veterans of
the National Guard of California will be
held at the Occidental Hotel on May 24.
It will be a subscription affair. Com
mander George R. Sanderson has appoint
ed John Middleton, J. C. Glestlng and E.
H. Prentice as a committee to take charge
of the banquet.
Japanese °NBOARo.THE.cAfeouitsiß..
JAPANESE IMMIGRANTS
ARRIVE IN THE NORTH
Hundreds of Them, Bound for Thi-3
Country, Are Landed in Victoria
by Steamer Miles.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 18.— The steam
er Miles arrived to-night from Kobe with
1200 Japanese immigrants, a majority of
whom are destined for the United States
to work on the railways.
TACOMA, Wash.. April IS.— The present
importation of Japanese to Puget Sound
has reached unprecedented figures, and
thousands more of the subjects of the
Mikado are now afloat headed this way
During the month of .April, 3500 Japanese
have been landed in Puget Sound ports
and British Columbia, and of the men
landed In the latter ports fully two-thirds
find their way across the border.
The reasons for the present rush is that
the Japanese are leaving .their native
land in consequence of the reported im
minence of war between Japan and Rus
sia, and that the closing of the gates of
Hawaii has diverted the stream of Jap
anese this way. The rush will end as sud
denly as it began within the next few
days— when the demand tor men in the
canneries and the railroads is satisfied.
TEN OF THE TYROLESE
UNDER FRIENDLY CARE
Will Be Given Employment Here Un
less the Government Takes Up
Their Case.
The ten Tyrolese who escaped from the
Doric have found asylums in 1 this city, and
there is a possibility of a legal fight be
fore it is decided whether they are to
remain or are to be sent back to their own
country. .
Seven of the immigrants are quartered
on the southeast corner of Broadway and
Kearny streets over the saloon kept by
John Tarato, who was instrumental in
their escape. The other three are living
in a lodging-house at 270 Brannan street.
Just what the legal status of. the immi
grants is is a question. They cannot be
extradited, for they have committed no
crime either in this country or their own.
They cannot be sent on to Honolulu, for
this country does not recognize the con
tract that requires their presence there.
The only solution of their case from the
standpoint of the Government seems to be
to send them back to , Austria on the
ground that they are not entitled to re
main in this country under the immigra
tion laws..
They desire to remain here and. their
friends promise that if they be allowed. to
stay they will be given work sufficient to
keep them from becoming public charges.
EXPERT KYTKA AND HIS
NEGATIVES IN EVIDENCE
Photographs of Fair's Signatures Be
ing Made Part of Record in
Sensational Trial.
There was nothing but negatives— soft,
contrasts and otherwise, prints hard and
soft, contact and porcelain, and a string
of dry questions, in the Fair case. yester
day afternoon. There were photographs
of the signatures to the marriage con
tract, to the deeds, to the letters and
agreements and to. numerous checks.
These had been photographed singly and
in groups, in all kinds of lights and under
all circumstances. -and it took all the
afternoon to get them properly before the
court.
i Kytka, the writing expert, was called
to the stand, and the first question Croth-
ers put to him wa3 objected to by Charles
Pence. Pence did not want the enlarged
photographs to go in and when the court
allowed them he objected to any question
as to the characteristics they brought out.
Pence claimed "that the negatives and
prints could speak for themselves. Me-
Knerney declared, an expert had the right
to call attention to what the . prints
?showed, and Budd took the opportunity
to address the court on behalf of Crothers'
search for Information. The question was
allowed and with a general exception
noted the negatives ana prints were filed
as evidence as fast as Crothers could pass
them in.
The photographs of the signatures on
the deeds and "republication" letter were
submitted for identification only, as it is
the Intention of counsel to argue, the deed
matter next Tuesday. It will.be^tttempt
ed on the part of the Fair peopi* to in
clude the deeds in the general litigation,
an intention that will not prevail without
strenuous objection from counsel for Mrs.
Craven-Fair. , ¦ .
" The case will go on'agaln.thls morning.
Lynch has been acting for and 13 now
representing Herrin and Burns.
The selection of delegates to the na
tional convention cuts no figure in the cal
culation of the railroad agents. They are
not for or against any candidate for con
vention honors. They are working se
cretly, however, to get possession of the
next Republican State Central Committee.
Lynch has been writing to men in e%*ery
section of the State to ascertain who will
be sent to the State convention. It is not
surprising that he wants a packed delega
tion from the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict.
Collector Lynch is not a dangerous poli
tician, but he will do desperate work when
his masters require it. "When the whole
inside history of the late Senatorial cam
paign is revealed to the public of Califor
nia it will be truthfully told that Lynch
handed to a member of the Legislature at
Sacramento a sheet of paper, representing
that the words written on the paper were
contained in a dispatch wired from Wash
ington by Senator Perkins to a well
known residi^^>f Sonoma County. The
message so conveyed to the member rep
resented that Senator Perkins had re
quested" his friends to vote for Burns. Sub
sequent investigation established the fact
that no such message was ever sent by
Senator Perkins and no such message was
ever received by the Sonoma resident to
whom it was said to have been addressed.
It was a stupid, clumsy forgery, designed
to gain a vote for Burns by fraud.
Several members of the Legislature
know of the efforts made by Lynch to
persuade or coerce Assemblyman Bliss' of
Alameda into voting for Burns. The Col
lector resorted to Influences which if not
indecent yere grossly Impertinent and
offensive to men who keep politics out
of the family circle.
It might be well for Republicans in the
various counties of the State to give par
ticular attention to the duty of recom
mending State Central Committeemen to
the convention.
N'OTHER horde of Asiatics reached
/' \\ the Mail ilock yesterday. They
jj from China and Japan on the
Japanese ran!! steamer Nippon
Maru. After being: fumigated at Anp<>!
Island they were brought across the bay
en the steamer Caroline and once more
placed tbcard the Nippon Mam.
In due course tr.o Japanese will be land
ed, as there is no law in ihe Jand to keep
them out. It Is generally known that one
and all of theirs ar<* contract laborers, but
the proof is not forthcoming:, so the "little
brewn man" walks ashore and at once en
/i»rs into competition with free American
labor
By a longer but generally just as sure
process the Chinese will gain admission
Those who cannot laiic! as native sons
¦will probably possess fraudulent return
certificates, and those who cannot get
eshore on cither pretext will try to pass
for merchants or students. The latter
rrlrs cro only assumed as a last resort,
as it takes money to personate that kind
of a >'onpol:an.
The TCipjiun Maru broupht into port last
TurscUi}- raorr.Sr.s 2V> Chinese and 214 Jap
anes©:Jn-the stecraee. Yesterday after
noon the ressel was released from quaran
tine, b-Jt as the Asiatics were on the is--|
end they h:i<i to be sett Jicvoss the bay on
thp Caroline. A harder lookjng set ot
heathens was never put aboard a steamer
lylnc-aA a wharf in San Francisco. The
first *<• come across were the Chinese.
Th«?y*v«»rt' a motley crowd. Some of them
v ?»><» young, many- had just reached the
siK> of manhood, and the remainder were
houry headed old s.'nners who will land by
hook 'or t>y crook. "
They \;cro all bundled aboard through
a leading port on tht; starboard side of the
•ship. Once in the interior of the mail
boat .their bapg:ag?: was bundled in after
them. .The fight that followed when each
man sought to obtain possession of his
own t*-longirjtjs would have done credit t^
a L>onnyorook fair. There were bloody
no^c-s and inflamed tacea on ail sides and
It was only when the last piece- of bag
gage was accounted for that the disturb
ance ceased.
The Japanese. 214 strong, came over on
the peeonu trip of the Caroline. On this
occasion the river l»oat could not get near
the Nirr>°^ Maru. as the collier Mackinaw
»a.- alongside, so she had to go to the
•westerly side of the wharf. From there
the Japs were marched acrcF? the wharf
tinker escort and safely stowed away
aboaru th<> mail st.arner. Not one of th<»ni
ghowa evidence of ever having been in thi^
country before and all of them appeared
densely ignorant. Nevertheless, when
i!.. y produce the requisite amount of casb
the" Immigration Commissioner must land
them.
WOULD EXCLUDE THE
JAPANESE HORDES
Pacific Coast Congressmen Agree That Steps
Should Be Taken to Shut Out Undesir
able Immigrants.
Special Dispatch to the OalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL,
WASHINGTON, April 18.— Regarding the great influx of
Japanese to Pacific ports, members of the California delegation
nvcrc asked to-day briefly to express their views as to the best means
to deal with the matter.
Senator Perkins' Views.
"Under existing conditions the United States Govern
ment cannot prevent Japanese from entering this country
except under provisions of the contract labor law. Un
doubtedly a very large number who have come here have
been paid to come by private companies, whose agents In
the United States have brought Japanese here with the
Intention of employing them. Under these conditions the
steamship companies whose ships bring in this class of
immigrants would be obliged under the law to carry them
back to their own country. The Federal officers should be
vigilant in detecting violations of the immigration laws."
Representative Barham's Idea.
"The Government has the power absolutely to restrict
Ell Immigration, and if the people of the country wish to
keep out undesirable Japanese It is within their power as
pxercised through Congress to do so. Congress has author
ity to prohibit either skilled or unskilled laborers from en
tpring the United States, and Congress should exercise this
power of restriction if conditions seem to demand."
Representative Waters' Remedy.
"I think the best policy would be, perhaps, on our part
for the United States to approach Japan with a proposi
tion for modification of the existing treaty, if any modi
fication were required, looking to the restriction of immi
gration. We are not only on friendly terms with Japan,
hut th? relations of the two countries have been and are
especially cordial. I believe Japan would meet us half
J. A. BAIMIAM
way in any effort to prevent undesirable classes of that
country from coming inuo the United States."
Representative Needham's Stand.
"The immigration of Japanese laborers ought to be
etopped. I favor any executive or legislative action that
will bring about this result."
Representative Kahn's Remarks.
"This matter of immigration of Japanese laborers
Bhould receive the immediate attention of the authorities.
I believe the best way to meet the question is for Congress
to pass an exclusion act, similar to that governing Chinese
Immigration."
Representative Loud Reticent.
Representative Loud was disinclined to express any
rpinion as to what now should be done in the matter until
he had more thoroughly studied the question and famil
iarized himself with existing conditions relating to It.
Representative De Vries for Exclusion.
"Congress alone has the power to restrict, regulate and
prohibit Japanese immigration into the United States.
There are no treaty stipulations, expressed or implied, that
prohibit or stipulate against such legislation by Congress
In respect to Japanese laborers. On the contrary, it is .ex
pressly stipulated In the treaty of commerce and naviga
tion between this country and Japan of 1894-95 that this
country may so legislate. It is there provided: 'Citizens
JUL.IUS KAIIN.
MAKION" DE VRIES
or subjects of each of the two high contracting parties
shall have full liberty to enter, travel or reside In any part
of the territories of the contracting parties,; and shall
enjoy full and perfect protection for their persons and
property.' It Is further provided: 'It is, however, under
stood that the stipulations contained in this and the pre
ceding article do not in any way affect the laws, ordi
nances and regulations with regard to trade, immigration
of laborers, police and public security which are in. force
or which may hereafter be enacted in either of the two
countries.' It will thus be seen from the terms of the
treaty that ».he power to pass laws against immigration of
Japanese laborers has been expressly reserved in the
United States. In my, judgment, the only. possible way to
prevent the incoming of the threatened hordes of, Japanese
laborers is for Congress to prohibit their future immigra
tion to this country."
national and municipal, adopted the fol
lowing resolution:
Resolved. That we denounce the attempt be
lr.gr made by certain employes In Washington
in the State and Navy Departments to spcut*
the passage of pension legislation in their be
half as un-American, inimical to the interests
of the taxpayers, who will be saddled with an
additional burden, and as the logical result of
a life-tenure system, and we believe If such
legislation can be secured then every private
employe can likewise demand a pension when
he becomes superannuated.
CLUMSY HAND OF
JOHN C. LYNCH
Source From Which Opposition
to Primaries in the Fifth
. District Emanates.
Scheme to Appoint Delegates Devised to Enable
Herrin to Capture the Next Republican
State Central Committee.
HORDE OF ASIATICS C OMES
MENACE WHITE LABOR
Hales.
Hale'a.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1900.
j^^ to i:he ladies of San Francisco
||j ¦ one of our greatest authors has said (speaking of a friend). "He was a merchant, yet ||
HI honest." we would like you to say, "He is a merchant— therefore honest." every i£|
111 progressive merchant nowadays advertises, evrry wise housekeeper reads the ad ver- g|
|g| tisements, tut we regret to say every merchant does not advertise truthfuliy; for Of
lH Instance, mercerized cotton moreen skirts have been advertised as silk moreen, whereas ~|J
H| as a matter, of fact they bear no relation whatever to silk, not even as remote a relation- &S
JH ship as forty-second cousins, honest advertising pays; truthful advertising of good |||
§|j goods builds up Dig businesses, thereisno use nornecessity for lying advertisements. -||
||| £inghams. 1200 yards Everett classic glng- door we are showin: delicately sweet ;y; y
|H • hams, 27 inches wldr , pretty pinks and panels, door panels in I.isi paint and tar- :,J
111 blues, plaids and stripes 53ic boured effects, in white and Aratun.^....;. jjka
H hsndk'f we have now on sale nearly 250 garden 5 o feet of 5-ply «• Inch garden hose g3
m k ax I"? '^'^ Swiss embroidfred g^ with coupling complete $4.25 fgf
m handkerchiefs 11 different makes ot hand- ho3 «' f , th £ f t J e sal £ e hose> also with f||
MM kerchiefs to pick trom 5c each coupling $2.25 |pj
j||l infants' caps ten styles of organdie and dress three cross of siz?s 3 and 4 stock- fcid
jSga and bonnets, lawn, colors pink, blue ?nJ shields. Inet dress shields (some slightly SO
PI white 50c to 52.00 " imperfect, so we reduce them), regular fc»|j
Ws& infants' white organdie caps, witn ht-m- price 10c • to close out, pair s<= ££5J
&J3 stitched strings, fancy tucked crown and ? ' , ? . . f ._ rr ,.,. n rnin h '-'"I
Eg] back, lace and ribbon trimmings, v-rv «« ;iot> 3 dozen wide brim, tarn croun rough fc3
11 sweet and pretty ...$l.OO hats * straw with silk scarf trimming, a good £3
||i hat for seaside wrar $!.«5o fr-^-j
¥m taffeta when the ribbon-buyer speaks of "The Dto," a rou?h-and-ready straw sailor I|a
PI ribbon, delicate shades in ribbons he says hat, jumbo braid, Knox b10ck....... 3o 5 g£l
Ma '"the new pas'el shades." we show eignt 20 dozen Milan saltor hats in black, white, r.>l
|||5 of these to-Jay in a taffeta ribbon, no. 40, n;ivy and brown • '7 °f HJ
m i\i inches wide (specially designed for nrck- (47 hats— dre»s hats— after Imported mou- Kg.
|jp wear), per yard 15 C els— now on sale at.c $7.00 each) |^j
w|L basement. *^ -~<^aLS£®®E> OGOD^^^^ l 0 soap 25c Ji&
3-Day Specials I
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
NEVER ANYTHING 15L"T THE HEST
AND THE MOST FOR TOUR MONET
BACON, 111 ..|S3
R i es e ui a r"iy 5l5 ls r ; CTlred Eastern »>«*« ast bacon.
EGGS, choicest ranch, 2 d0z.. 35c
TABLE SYRUP, gallon 50c
Fancy Eastern syrup.
Regularly 75c.
YELLOWSTONE WHISKEY—
Full quart bottle Sf, gallon $4
A high-grade Bourbon whisky at a moder-
Regularly Jl 25 and Ji
Shredded Wheat Biscuits, pkg I2ic
A health food for weak stomachs
Regularly 15c.
ENGLISH WALNUTS, 2 1b5... 25c
Fancy softshell; latest crop.
Regtlarly 15c a lb.
SWEET WINES, dot 25c
Gallon 61 OO
Se^S. AnSe " Ca - ?JUSCat - ««*» old
Regularly 40c and Jl 59.
IMPORTED MACARONI, pkg..|24e
Spaghetti. VennlceUi and Paste
Regularly 15c.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKrON ST., near Market
DO YOD WINT A CORE?
lAir t-: | FOB
;^i § Catarrh,
J^kS Deafness,
e=a I=s^Ws? NOISES IN EARS. THROAT
3 SJS^J and LUNG DISEASE? If tZ
! '^** «-3 o/>*' use my NEW ANTISEPTIC
53 «"7 / treatment. It gives no naln
£Sy<X or Injury. In 3000 test cues
•$3S*S'jLl over 95 per cent cured. Hun-
iSsg^ VIR .- dreds of letters o£ eadorae-
JjgfiH." ments.
1* «S*» PPPP An honest trial of
§V /i£gls *" C C on * week tf'en to
*3 Jaelsfii : show the superior merit of
M this new treatment. Do not
1\ £2fcg3s7<; fall to try It. free, and be
;^*>^?J^^s convinced of a cure. Call
B^gsg^ »^-^>^> I at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
204 Sutter St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
HOURS— 9-12 a. m.. 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
VERY LATEST
f^s- JjyT^ Straight-Front,
V^v 1 Hand- Made
X( SAPPHIRE
/fa CORSETS
(1( $3,00 1« $15,00
f^% * 10 Gearu St.,
// /\ ""jjrl CORNER KEARXT.
¦k&S\\ '' CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
l\^nj*y\ Royal Worcester Cor-
¦et-Flttlns Parlors.
XalclCG Conducted under th: :
r American and Euro- <
flY\(\ - P ea n plans, and In a j
manner that Will sit-
. Isfy the most exacting
GFcHICi an^ P art 'cular tast?. ¦
•¦ ¦ • ¦- ¦ . 1400 rooms— 9oo with i
TT a 1 baths. !
Hotels ;
12
GEORGB C. PERKINS.
it. J. Vf AITUiS.