RED BLUFF. Cal., May 3.— Very early this mornlpg
crowds of people were gathered on the streets
looKing at the north peaK . of Mount Lassen, which
is thought to be in eruption. The volcano has been
supposed to be dead, but from reports brought from
tr;at section it is believed to have regained its action.
Strange rumbling noises, such as caused by a heavy
wagon rolling over stone, are heard, and a heavy
column of gray smbKeproceedsifrpro the mountalQ.
pnBTOHIA. May 3.— An official war bul
letin issued here reports that on April 28
the Federals captured nine prisoners and
ten horse3 east of Thaba Nchu and that
on April 30 a British mounted corps ap
peared near Brandfort. The Federals at
tacked them on two sides and the British
retired. Two Federals were wounded
and eleven prisoners were taken. Another
account, semi-official of this affair, , says
that the Wakkerstroom and Ermelo com
mandos had a' skirmish with the British
near Brandfort. After a sharp fight eleven
prisoners were taken and nineteen British
were left dead on the lie'- !»t}\nHing
MINOR VICTORIES BY
JHE FEDERAL FORCES
The American ship Sea Witch left Wal
loroo December C and arrived at Delagoa
Bay February 12. She sailed March 4
for! Port Natal (Durban) and arrived there
March 9.
LONDON, May 3.— It has been learned
by a representative of the Associated
Press that Trnlted States Kmbassador
Choate has asked Lord Salisbury for ex
planation? as to the alleged abuse of in
ternational rights in the case of the Amer
ican ship Sea Witch, which, according
to the statement of her commander. Cap
tain Howe, was boarded by the British
warship Wasp v.ithln the three-mile limit
of Portuguese territory Jn Enst Africa.
The American Embassador's communi
cation to the Premier hardly amounts to
a protest and serious complications are
not likely to ensue. The case, as trans
mitted by Secretary Hay to London, con
sists of the captain's allegation that
while the Sea Witch was off Delagoa Bay
he signaled to the Wasp, which was pa
trolling, and the Wasp sent a boat to her.
The captain of the Sea Witch complains
that the visit resembled a warlike board
ing party and that his manifest was ex
amined against his will when palpably
within. neutral waters. If the latter state
ment i3 true, a serious offense has been
committed by the Wasp, which will call
for an ample apology from Great Britain.
But it is pointed out that the fact that
the Sea Witch signaled th'e Wasp before
the warship noticed her invests the case
with a curious uncertainty. Apparently
both Mr. Choate and Lord Salisbury^ are
inclined to believe that there is some mis
take, perhaps on both sides. The Premier
has referred the matter to the Admiralty,
which has no record of the occurrence,
but has cabled to South Africa for the
Wasp's version of the affair and It is pos
sible that some time may elapse before
the British reply is ready.
* In the meantime the incident does not
Interfere in the slightest degree with the
cordiality existing between the represen
tatives of the two nations Interested.
ALLEGED ABUSE OF
INTERNATIONAL RIGHT
LONDON, May 4.— If is
announced that the British
have captured Brandfort.
BRANDFOET, Thursday,
May 3, morning — Brandfort
•was captured by a combined
movement of Colonel Tucker's
and General Fole-Carew's di
vision'on the east and 'center- ;
and General Hutton's mount
ed infantry on the 'vest: Tne
British surprised the Boers,
•who retreated hastily. Four
thousand of the enemy moved
here yesterday evening in or
der to oppose our advance.
Colonel Tucker's artillery had
a sharp duel -with the enemy's
g-uns and put two of them out
of action.
.1111 ll..»lliiiA
in good condition, pushed farther east and
r.orth and encountered a strong com
mando trekking toward Thaba Nchu. He
attacked Epeedily and drove them back in
the direction of Brandfort. .
It is reported that very few of the enemy
are about Brandfort and that the town
will not be defended and that the hills to
the north near Thaba Nchu are still held
by those to the southwest of Brandfort.
Colonel Broadwood's cavalry brigade.
•v«Lh cuns, now in full strength and horses
BLOEMFONTEIX. May 1.— I went for
ward yesterday twenty miles to the north
east to Bee some of the operations, which
extend approximately from Warrenton to
Ladybrand. The- cneray are now being
brought face to face with movements
which, I am confident, will soon over
whelm opposition. Generals Wavells,
Maxwell and Bruce Hamilton's brigades
helped to secure excellent positions upon
numerous ridges over a wide front many
miles to the eastward of Glen, the Boers
retiring.
LONDON. May 4-The Telegraph pub
lishes this dl.«patch from its special cor
respondent:
[Special Cable to the New Tork Herald. Copy
right. 1*00. t>y New York Herald Com
pany, nejiubilca-tifyn of lhis dispatch Is
prohibited. All rijrhu reserved In the
United States and tJreat IJrttain.J
BOERS DRIVEN BACK
TOWARD BRANDFORT
Skirmishing along the Modder River
Indicates that Lord Roberts' main army is
advancing northward.
BRANDFORT. May 2.— To-day .was . full
of fighting, with an occasional, lively
skirmish. . The Boer defensive line re
mains intact and the British attempt to
cut off De Wet and scatter the Boer force,
which is threatening Roberts! flank and
rank, has been a complete failure so far.
There was heavy fighting yesterday along
the Thaba Nchu-Sannas Post road, the
British being slowly beaten back. De Wet
coming from the south and Grobler and
lifmmer from the north on Monday
caught the British reinforcements for
Thaba Nchu In the apex of an angle,
forcing their withdrawal. The Boers' at
tack ¦was begun on Sunday. Under Ds
Wet. Grobler, Lemmer and Botha they
attacked a large British column near
Thaba Nchu. which was trying to Inter
cept De Wet's retirement from Wepener.
The battle raged all day Sunday for sev
eral miles along the Bloemfonteln road.
The general result was indecisive, but the
British were apparently retiring in the di
rection of Bloemfontefn. The Boers cap
tured a number of prisoners.
lEperfal Cable to the New Tork Herald. Copy
tight. 1&00, by New York Herald Ccm
5any. Jtepublieatlon of this dispatch Is
prchlMted. All rishu rf-ferved in the
United States and Great Britain.]
FOUGHT FIERCELY
ALL DAY SUNDAY
The Standard and Diggers News says
that Thomas Richards, ah American, has
been arrested as a suspect in connection
¦with Ihe Bngb'.e factory explosion at
Johannesburg. He was 'arraigned yester
day, charged with murder, and remanded
until to-<lay. The accused man, it was
added, was not defended. The paper also
rays an excavation has been made where
the **xr!oslon was most violent, and as no
trac«- of a tunnel was found other excava
tlor.s will be made. . •
The correspondents at Kimberley have
been forbidden to communicate for Feveral
days, the deduction being that a forward
movement is under way there. The Boers
in Natal are restless. Two hundred
erorsed Sunday River Wednesday and
tried to engape the- Uritl?h outposts.
Observers at headquarters in Bloemfon
t<Mn stem to think that the Boers are pre
paring to evacuate Brandfort and Lady
brand. The Boer- still holding Thaba
>»'chu district are estimated at 4000. They
have among their guns a forty-pounder.
Ov.e correspondent wiring from Bloemfon
tein Wednesday at ll:. r >5 p. m. said the
British hoped to cut off the whole com
mand.
The Boer?. Winston Churchill says, have
«Tiorrnous herds of cattle and flocks or
theep gathered in the southeast. These
tbCJT are driving northward.
LONDON. May 4. 4:30 a. m.— In his at
tempt to split the Boer forces and
compel the evacuation of Brand
fort Lord Roberts has pushed his
living wedge of fighting men a long
vav farther northeast. According to the
l);*«ly Telegraphs correspondent. Bennett
IJurleich, who telegraphed from Bloem
fontein cm Wednesday night. Colonel
Broaclwood's cavalry brijrade has reached
Is-abelfontoin. This point is twenty-eight
miles north of Thaba Xchu and almost as
near to Winl>urc as to Erandfort. In. this
position Broadwood is between the en
emy's force at the latter place and the
JJoers who have bten opposing Ruddle and
French at Thaba Nchu.
MOUNT LESSEN IS
AGAIN IN ERUPTION
CALIFORNIA BOYS
ON YALE FIELD
NEW HAVEX, Conn., May 3.— The Cali
fornia track athletes worked to-day on
Yale field, preparing for the dual meet
with Yale on Saturday. The work of the
men was exceedingly good.
Manager Dana of the Yale. Track Asso-
elation to-day announced that out of fair
ness to the visitors the firsts in the events
only would be counted. Inasmuch as the
visitors seem sure winners in at least five
or six out of the thirteen events the
closeness of the competition is evident and
the Yale men feel that the blue will be
tried out to the utmost.
CHICAGO. May 3.— Bishop Hartzell
pleaded the case of the Briton in the
Transvaal to-night before an audience
that almost filled the Auditorium. He
Fpoke from impressions gained by per-
PLEADS CASE OF THE
BRITON IN THE TRANSVAAL
MANY OF THE FOREIGN
LEGION ARE WOUNDED
LONDON, May 3.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts dated Bloemfontejn, May 2:
"General Hamilton met with consider
able success and drove the enemy out of
the strong position they had taken up at
Houtnek with comparatively small loss to
us. The Boers dispersed In several direc
tions, mainly to the east and south, leav
ing many prisoners in our hands. Includ
ing one commandant and sixteen • other
wounded men. General Hamilton Is now
In camp at Jacobsrust. As the men need
ed rest alter fighting seven out of the last
ten days I ordered them to halt for the
day. General Broadwood's brigade of
cavalry arrived upon the scene in time to
afford valuable assistance by threatening
the enemy's rear.
"During the afternoon General Ian
Hamilton was joined by j General Bruce
Hamilton's brigade of infantry.
"The enemy, admit having twelve killed
and forty wounded yesterday. Among
the former was Lieutenant Gunther, a
German officer belonging to the Fifty
fifth Regiment, and among the latter was
Maxlmoff, the Russian commander of the
foreign legion. Twenty-one out of fifty
two of the enemy's casualties ¦ occurred
among the members of that legion. Two
Frenchmen were .among the killed,
j ¦ "General Hamilton speaks in high terms
of the good . service performed '.. by the
Eighth Hussars under Colonel Clowse and
of the regiment of I«ancers which came
Into General Broadwood's brigade and as
sisted In. making the Boers vacate : their
position. The final stroke to the enemy's
rout was given by the Gordons and two
companies of the. Shropshire Light In
fantry, who cheered loudly when they got
within 200 yards of the position. Kitch
ener's Horse is also spoken of in terms of
praise."
Captain LIbby. A few Federals were
wounded. The heavy bombardment by
the British has been resumed at Fourteen
Streams. •...-.-...
The correspondent of neuter's Tele
gram Agency in the Boer camp at Brand
fort wires that when the British appeared
ten miles east of Brandfort General De
larey ordered a charge by. 500 Boers, who
drove them back to their entrenchments.
The Federals found four dead on the field
'and. . took ,_ seventeen , priwjnerp. mostly
vSauded. ¦ liVcludlng ' Lieut enair?.Cnfl"ie.
Later in the afternoon General Delarey
learned that the British, had forced their
way twenty miles east of Brandfort and
seven miles north of the Modder River.
With 250 men Delarey set out in pursuit
of the British, who numbered 1200. The
forces met in the open country, a sharp
engagement followed and the British re
tired. As the Boers had a heavy day they
were not pursued. The Federals had five
men wounded.
An American has been arrested in con
nection with the Begbie explosion.
THE people of this city and State have won another signal triumph through the agency of The Call.
This paper undertook to expose the operations of the gigantic ring which in this city has landed thou
sands upon thousands of Chinese, many of them entering San Francisco clothed with the dignity of
American citizens. The first result of the expojse made by The Call was the remarkable admission made by
Collector of the Port John P. Jackson that after creating three thousand native-born American citizens he
had no authority to create one, and announced his decision to wash his hands of any further participation in
the shameful traffic.
Yesterday morning The Call exposed the outrageous slave trade which a ring of lawyers, assisted by
the ignorance or connivance of men in high places, maintains at this port. The corrupt and illegal partici
pation in this traffic of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company was also shown. This paper rsvealed the out
rageous fact that the Pacific Mail Steamship Company is reaping an ill-gotten monthly harvest of a thousand
dollars by landing, contrary to the laws of the United States, hundreds of Chinese. As a result of this expose
by The Call Collector of the Port John P. Jackson gave peremptory orders yesterday to the Fsderal officials in
this city that the Chinese illegally detained at the Pacific Mail' Bock be immediately deported and returned
to China. ... -„:•,-..,-¦. ___•, , ¦¦ - - . ¦* ¦¦-•- ¦•
The officials of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company protested, but the Surveyor of the Port, Joseph
S. Spear, announced that he would carry out the orders of his superior if it required the assistance of, every
officer in the customs service in this city. The Chinese were herded by customs officers and marched upon
the deck of the steamer Rio de Janeiro. The news of the startling^ action taken by the Federal authori
ties spread quickly in Chinatown and the lawyer conspirators, who have made thousands of dollars of profit
by landing coolies in San Francisco, were informed. They instantly proceeded to the United States District
Court and secured writs of habeas corpus for the coolie "native-born" citizens, who were then saved from de-
Notwithstanding the victory which has thus been won. over a clique of scheming lawyers and com
placent officials, the reform of the Chinese traffic at this port has only begun. In order that the exposure may
be absolutely complete and that the operations of this powerful ring, may be stopped The Call again defies tha
Collector of this Port, John P. Jackson, either to permit or demand an investigation of the shameful traffic of
Chinese under his administration. The Collector of the Port has in his possession records which belong to the
public and which should be produced for public inspection. He is also without records which should* be in his
office as a guarantee that the admission of Chinese by him has been legitimate. The Call therefore defies him
to ask an investigation of Chinese business or to permit this paper to make one. **,,
m Federal officials at this port seem to have been laboring under the impression that the detention shed
at the Pacific Mail Dock, out of which the Pacific Mail Steamship Company has made thousands upon thou
sands of dollars, is constructively the deck of the vessel upon which Chinese come to this port. Collector
Jackson, through his action yesterday, evidently disagrees with his subordinates in San Irancisco and the
agents of the Pacific Mail. The duty of the United States District Attorney, Frank I*. Coombs, appears there
fore to be plain. The law declares that any master of a vessel and any responsible agent of a steamship com
pany who permits a Chinese, illegally, to leave a vessel upon which he arrives at an American port shall be
subject to a fine of five hundred dollars or imprisonment for one year for every Chinese he so permits to leave
a vessel. Does the United States District , Attorney intend to prosecute the responsible representatives of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company for permitting to land the Chinese who were ordered deported yesterday?
THERE was lively interest In Chj
nese Immigration matters yesterday
afternoon at the Mail dock and in
the United States Appraisers 1 build
ing.' The Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany's steamship Rio de Janeiro had
been advertised to leave for the
Orient at 1 p. m., and at noon Chief Dunn
of the Chinese Bureau notified Customs
Surveyor Spear that - the Treasury De
partment had ordered the deportation of
sixty-eight Chinese immigrants who had
failed to effect a landing. Some of these
were awaiting deportation and the re
mainder, about thirty-six, claiming to be
American citizens, could not be .landed
because Collector Jackson refused to
touch their cases . even with a pair .of
chopsticks. He declared that he had
washed his hands, in soda water of the
whole native-born business.
When the agents of the steamship com
pany learned of the order they vehe
mently protested. They alleged that all
their steerage passenger space had been
taken up for freight, and that they had
no room for the coolies. All their protes
tations, however, were in vain, for Sur
veyor Spear declared that he would carry
out the order of the Treasury Depart
ment even if he had to employ the ,. whole
force of the Custom-house to put the Chi
nese on board the Rio.
Accordingly, Customs Inspector Leary
and a posse ran the native born, the mer
chants and the section 6 men from the
detention shed to the deck of the steamer
and announced that not one of them
would be allowed to leave the vesseP ex
cept by virtue of a writ of habeas corpus.
The usual coterie of Chinese lawyers—
Pippy... Bell.: Strauss, Worley. McGowan,
Madden and Schaertzer— were at once
notified of the condition of affairs and
immediately made arrangements to ob
tain writs of habeas corpus. A typewriter
was employed to reel off carbon copies of
the writs, while the whole force of law
yers with the exception of Colonel Pippy,
were busy In the clerk's office of the
United States District Court filing. In the
blanks for the native son cases— the only
ones who could 'avail themselves of the
benefit of habeas corpus. As fast as the
papers were filled and sworn to by the
usual gany of Chinese uncles, cousins and
brothers, they were taken before Judge
de Haven, who issued writs directed to
the agents of the steamship company, re
turnable forthwith. Several writs .were
denied ! because some of the blanks were
not properly filled out. In such cases, new
petitions were : drawn -up and ¦ the errors
and omissions corrected.
"^At 4 " o'clock ." the last^of ' the } writs—
thirty-six in number— had been placed, In
the handa oi the United States Marshal
and served upon the steamship company's
officers.
The^ division of the cases among the at
torneys were as follows: Bell. IS: Strauss,
4; Madden, 6; .McGowan, 4; Schaertzer. 3,
and Worley, 3. The cases will be taken
to-day before United States Court Com
missioner Heacock.
On account of the delay caused by the
Issuance of the writs, the. Rib did not sail
at 1 p. m., as advertised, but at 5:20 p. m.
In discussing the Chinese traffic and the
remarkable action taken by Collector of
the Port- John -P.,. Jackson yesterday.
United States District Attorney Frank L.
Coombs spoke as follows: . •< . .. ¦- . . s
'"This office has no .original jurisdiction
over any case that has not passed'the Col
lector of the Port." The procedure in the
case of Chinese desiring Uo'land is this:
They are first examined by the officials of
the Chinese Bureau; then • the recom
mendation'of the bureau is made to the
Collector, and he lands or rejects the Chi
nese as he sees fit. In all that proceeding
this office has nothing to do. We cannot
interfere In the work of the Chinese Bu
reau, nor can we advise the Collector un
less he asks our advice, and even then he
is not bound to act upon it. Should the
recommendation of the Chinese Bureau be
that the applicant should be allowed to
land, then, if the Collector allows him or
her to land, we can take the matter up If
we see a chance that the Chinese is Ille
gally in this country. If the Collector de
nies the application, then, if the case is
brought into court, this office takes up the
side of the United States and defends the
action.
"In those cases where the Collector al
lows the applicant to land we can have
the Chinese ordered into the custody of
the United States Marshal while we show
that he or she. is illegally in the country,
and then we can secure an order of court
deporting the defendant to China. In this
case, of ..Wai. Ho, which you mention this
morning, there is nothing so far that
justifies this office in interfering. It must
pass the Collector before we can do any
thing. I know nothing of this particular
case, but if the recommendation of the
Chinese Bureau be that she be landed it
still must, be passed upon by the Col
lector. If he disregard the recommenda
tion and orders the woman back to China
we have nothing to do with the case un
less she brings • habeas corpus proceed
ings. If he allows her to land we can
take the matter up upon the suggestion cf
any one. -I do not ask that proof of her
fraud Is necessary. nor.do I ask that there
be even a probability. > All I want Is that
some reasonable . doubt of her right to
remain in this country exists and I will
take the case up and prosecute it vfz
orously. --/..-•
"The presence of a list of coach ques
tions in any case seema to me to be
sufficient to prove that the applicant is
not entitled to land, and If such a list
could be produced in the case of this
woman I have no doubt she could be de
ported. If The Call will furnish me with
its information I will proceed vigorously
with the case whenever it cornea within
the Jurisdiction of this office."
Mr. Coombs declared that his office has
no original jurisdiction over any case that
has not passed the Collector of the Port.
Mr. -Coombs Is aware that the Collector
of the Port, after the expose made by The
Call, decided that he had no Jurisdiction
whatever over Chinese who applied for
admission as native-born citizens,. Mr
Coombs is aware that during the month"
of April three vessels arrived at this port
—the China, the Doric and the Nippon
Maru. Upon the China there were forty
eight coolies claiming to be "native-born"
citizens of the United States: on the Doric
there were forty-two Chinese making th»
same plea; upon the Nippon Maru thers
were thirty-one— a total of 121.
Before the expose of the local traffic in
coolie native sons Collector Jackson »*
mined seventeen coolies and made them
citizens of the United States. There re
mained therefore 104 with whom the Col
lector of the Port declined to have any
thing to do and over whom the United
States District Attorney had Jurisdiction.
Mr. Coombt will nl*o be Interested
to know that during the admlntatra
tlon of Collector Jaeknon. CJiIneae
h » T « remained Illegally on tne doelc
of the Paclfle Mall Steamnhtp Com.
pany n» Ions «» n year. A» a nonrce
of Ill-Gotten profit to the nteam*htp
company, nho«e reaponnlble agrents
are member* of the rtnnr which la
landlnic Chtnene at this port, Mr.
Coombs will nlno be Interested to
know Hint the steamer Coptic ha*
Jant arrived at thin port with 4«.s
Chinese on board. .Many of these
are "native born** citizens of the
United States. Will Mr. Coombs per*
mlt them to leave the Coptic f
PLURAL WIVES ARE
NOT TO BE LANDED
The Treasury Department communicat
ed to Collector Jackson yesterday an Im
portant decision affecting the manner In
Continued on Third Pa**.
BRITISH SCOUT MAKES A NARROW ESCAPE AFTER A FOUR-MILE. CHASE.
(From a Sketch by E. S. Wood in Black and White.)
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by the New York Herald Company.
Living Wedge of Fighting Men Thrown Farther
Northeast, and Boers Evacuate Brandfort
• and Ladybrand.
Sixty-Eight Coolies Hustled Aboard the Rio as
She Is About to Sail-The Call Expose
Bears Fruit.
Taking up the grievances of the Out
landerB, Bishop Hartzell bitterly de
nounced the Boers for what he termed the
Injustice and tyranny Imposed by the 23,500
voting burghers upon the 210,000 Outland
crs. He declared that the treatment of the
Outlanders was outrageous
Speaking of the future the. Bishop said;
"Commencing with the twentieth century,
a committee of five will rule the world-
America, England, Germany, Russia and
France." __
"A marriage law was passed requiring
a fee of $15. with other hindrances, so
many that the missionaries and philan
thropists are seeking to have it repealed.
No black man has a standing In court
In the Transvaal, he cannot sue the Gov
ernment or a white man. The Transvaal
does nothing toward the education of the
black people, although by licenses, etc.,
they pay 3 per cent of the public school
money. What is done among them is
done by English and European and mis
sionary associations. Add to all this the
brutality, especially of Transvaal offi
cials, toward natives."
"In the treatment of the black races
there has been a clear antagonism be
tween the Briton and the Boer from the
very beginning. The Boer believes that
the natives are the children of Ham and
are Intended by Providence for slavery.
The constitution provides that there
shall be no equality between white and
colored persons in church or state; no
black man can walk on a sidewalk in
town or city. This includes not only na
tive teachers and preachers trained by
foreign missionary societies, but also
black or mulatto people who come from
Cape Colony or elsewhere. No black man
can own land In the Transvaal. No
black man can become a trader of any
kind, no matter what his intelligence or
how good his character. Up to two years
ago there could be no legal marriage of
any black. person.
eonai observations in South Africa; from
'personal acquaintance with President
Kruger, and from close study of the laws
and the administration of the laws by the
Government. Bishop Hartzell made his
argument in behalf of the English. The
audience was pro-British in its sympa
thies. Bishop Hartzell said:
It Is evident to officials familiar with
the situation In the Far East that Russia
is preparing for. eventualities. The St.
Petersburg Government does not want
war, now at least, and Is doing every
thing in its power to preserve peace.
Japanese finances are such that she can
not afford war at this. time. It is evi
dent, however, that, like Russia, she is
making preparations for emergencies,
and is keeping her fleet well in hand. At
the present time the Japanese fleet is su
perior to that of Russia, but with the re
inforcements which the latter will send
out it Is apparent that the two forces will
be about equal if hostilities are delayed.
The Japanese fleet, is engaged in ma
neuvers. Reports received here from
Ensllsh sources are to the effect that the
maneuvers are Becret, and that none of
the foreign naval attaches were Allowed
on board the ¦v^Btship,3.'J ; „
The Petropaulovski,' a -battleship of 10,
9C0 tons, and the Gillaka, a small gun
boat, are now on their way to Port Ar
thur. The Admiral Machlnov, an armored
cruiser which is Intended for the Asiatic
station, is now undergoing repairs at
Cherbourg, and four gunboats will also
bo sent. What adaltlonal ships will be
ordered to Port Arthur is not known here.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, May 3. — Information has been
received In naval circles that the
Russian Government has taken
measures to strengthen Its Asiatic squad
ron. It is learned that the decision to re
inforce the Russian fleet in the Far East
was reached some months ago, and that
the Mediterranean and Black Sea fleets
are to be drawn upon to furnish vessels
for this purpose.
Special Dispatch to The Ca'l.
Although Japan Cannot Afford to Go
to War at Present, the Mikado
Is Closely Following the
Czar's Preparations.
SHIPS OF WAR ARE
SENT TO PORT ARTHUR
Russian Government Prepar
ing for Eventualities in
the Far East.
STRENGTHENS
ITS ASIATIC
SQUADRON
SCORES OF CHINESE ARE
DEPORTED BY JACKSON
ROBERTS' MARCH TOWARD
PRETORIA IS IN PROGRESS
VOETTME -I^gegVTT^yD. 165.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
OFFICIALS WHO CONTROL THE DISPOSITION OF COOLIES.Ship Macy Ashore.
nihllation.
MANILA, May 3.— A dispatch received
here this afternoon from Hollo reports
that a desperate fight took place at Leam
banao. In the center of the Island of Pi
nay. It appears that a reconnotterlns
party of the Twenty-sixth Infantry waa
surrounded and that four of the Ameri
cans were killed, while sixteen others, se
verely wound?d. were left on the field; Tha
remainder had a narrow escape.
The dispatch adds that reinforcements
were sent from Hollo as soon as the news
was received, whereupon the Filipinos re
treated to their mountain strongholds.
Scouting Party Surrounded and H&vo
a Hard Fight to Escape An-
FILIPINOS ATTACK
AN AMERICAN FORCE
stroy Railway Lines.
WINDSOR. Ontario. May 3.-Colon*l
Holmes, commanding officer of No. 1 mili
tary district, has received instructions
from Ottawa to have the Twenty-first
Essex Fusileers. Seventh London Fusll
cers, the Twenty-sixth Middlesex, Twen
ty-seventh Lambton and Twenty-fifth
Elgin batteries ready to march at two
hours' notice.
This step ha* been deemed advisable by
the militia department owing to Infor
mation that bands of Fenians Intend in
vading Canada at some point along the
River St. Clalr or Detroit River for th»
purpose of destroying some of the rail
way lines. Arrangements have been <«o
far completed that the battalion is pre
paring for marching orders at any time.
lx)cal military- authorities claim that an
invasion Is not feared but that th* bat
talions named will be mobilized at sotnw
point on the frontier for tactical exercise
only.
Canadian Authorities Learn That an
Attempt Will Be Made to De-
SOLDIERS ORDERED OUT
TO REPRESS THE FENIANS
Naval Hero and His Wife Tendered
a Splendid Reception by the
City.
ST. LOUIS, May 3.— Amid the firing of
cannon,.th« shrieking of whistles and the
huzzas of a vast concourse of enthusias
tic people Admiral Dewey ¦ became the
guest of the city of St. Louis this evening.
Thousands of people crowded into and
around the mammoth depot long before
the train arrived. As the train .- was
backed Into the depot at 7 o'clock Battery
A, stationed In the railroad yards, fired an
admiral's salute, 'the' first roar of which
started a terrific round of cheers from the
Immense throng. When the train came to
a standstill and Admiral and Mrs. Dewey
appeared on the platform of the car he
was greeted with a perfect roar of cheers
and the frantic waving of hats, flags and
handkerchiefs.
The admiral's party was escorted to
carriages by the reception committee with
much difficulty, owing to the demonstra
tions of the crowd outside the depot gates.
Preceded by a detachment of police and
the First Regiment, N. G. M.. the admiral
and party was driven to the Planters Ho
tel.- Along the entire route, to the. hotel
the admiral received one continuous ova
tion from crowds which at. some points
were so dense that "the carriages proceed
ed with Kerat'difficulty.
The admiral was constantly on his feet,
doifing his hat in acknowledgment of the
cheers of the crowds. The members of the
party dined together half an hour alter
reaching the hotel. Owing .tw fatigue the
Admiral and Mrs. Dewey remained In
their apartments all the evening.
Cargo of Mongolians.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 3.— The steam
ship Tacoma . from the : Orient to-day
brought ' as a passenger :. Captain C. H.
Fales, master of the American ship St.
John, burned in the Lambok Straits dur
ing "'February-; while .bound* 'from New
York, her home port, to- Yokohama, laden
with, kerosene. -The crew landed safely
and.were paid off at Singapore. , The Ta
coma" herself had -a., rough passage, both
housework and 5 ,. rigging suffering.. She
has 517 Japanese and Chinese immigrants.
CITIZENS OF ST. LOUIS
CHEER ADMIRAL DEWEY
Parisian Dealer Charged With Hav
ing Failed to Pay Duty on the
Property. :;^ v
NEW YORK, May 3.— Two Chinese vases
worth $40,000 were seized by the customs
officers to-day on the French line pier for
alleged evasion of 'the customs law. The
vases were the property of M. de Mal
herbe. a Parisian dealer. The vases are
superb specimens of the work of an an
cient dynasty. The authorities learned
in some manner of the importation Of the
vases Into the city from China, via Van
couver and Quebec, and located them at
a storage warehouse. M. de Malherbe
exhibited them at that place to several
collectors, it Is said, and asked $40,000 for
the pair. The vases were removed a few
days ago. An Inspector learned that M.
de Malherbe had secured passage on the
steamer La Rretagne, which sailed yes
terday, intending to go with his vases to
France. They were, seized just before, the
ship sailed. M. de Malherbe admitted im
porting the vases from China. He ex
pressed ' himself as greatly shocked and
surprised at what seemed his great mis
fortune In not better knowing the laws.
CHINESE VASES SEIZED
BY CUSTOMS OFFICERS
LOS ANGELES. May 3.— A special meet
ing of the Board of Police Commissioners
was held to-day, and several" distinct
orders were made which will tend to ren
der a continuation of the robberies and
hold-ups in' the city more difficult. The
Chief of Police was Instructed to strictly
enforce the -section of the Penal Code In
which vagrancy Is defined. He was author
ized to procure twenty-five sawed-oft
shotguns and to arm that number of his
best men with these weapons. The board
will request of the City Council authority
to appoint twenty additional special po
licemen to patrol the outlying sections,
and the. managers of the several street
railroads were authorized to arm their
employes. > . ¦ - --- ' . .
The City Council will be asked to estab
lish two branch police stations, one Ht
Pico ': and Figueroa streets and -the other
at Boyle Heights, where most of the hold
ups have occurred.
TO SUPPRESS FOOTPADS.
I-OS ANGELES, May 3.— Victor "Ward of
Pasadena yesterday accidentally shot his
friend, Fred Buchanan, the 24-year-old
son of C. W." Buchanan, an architect,
while the two, young men were hunting
in the mountains near Wilsons Peak.
Young Buchanan Is now In camp In the
mountains, and the extent of his injuries
Is unknown. .
The two young men were hunting to
gether, and Ward heard a noise in the
undergrowth and saw what he supposed to
be a wild animal. Thinking that Bu
chanan was far away he fired, and was
horrified when he heard Buchanan shout
that he was struck. Ward found Buchanan
with a bad gash in the right side, of the
neck. The wound was bandaged and the
victim made as comfortable as possible
and Ward started on his long Journey
across many miles of rugged country to
summon help. Reaching Martin's camp
he telephoned for assistance.
C. \V. and Jerome Buchanan, together
with Dr. Osborn. left-Pasadena as soon
as possible and are now with the wounded
man. v
Barbecue at Sycamore Springs a
Failure on Account of
the Bain.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN LITIS OBISPO, May 3.— The con
vention of the Ladies of the Grand Army
of the Republic, which has been in ses
sion here, adjourned to-day. The follow
ing officers were elected: Department
president. Mrs. Olive A. Welch, San Jose:
senior vice president, Mrs. Cordelia
Spence. I^os Angeles: junior vice presi
dent, Mrs. Arietta Parker, Fresno; secre
tary, Mary E. Kimball. L-ong Beach:
treasurer, Mr?. Lily Payn»-Peterson. Val
lejo; chaplain. Mrs». Kmma R. Holly,
Santa Ana; counselor, Mrs. Belle Ingram.
Los Angeles: council of administration —
Lena Scholton. San Francisco; Mary K.
Kimball, Long Beach: Mrs. Susan Ator,
San Diego; delegates to the national con
vention, Chicago— Mrs. Lena Scholton.
San Francisco; Mrs. Cordelia Spence, Los
"Angeles; Mrs. Lydia C. Hinklev, San
Francisco: Mrs. Lizzie c. Whiteslde: al
ternates—Mrs. Kdlth "White, Fresno; Mr?.
C. M. Devereaux, Santa Rosa; Mrs.
Martha Campbell, Oakland; Mrs. Mary
Rohr, Oakland. Pacific Grove was se
lected for the next place of meeting.
On account of the rain, the barbecue
which had been arranged for the dele
gates was a dismal failure.'
SHOT BY HIS FRIEND.
OFFICERS ELECTED BY
. GRAND ARMY LADIES
The May Queen and her maids of honor
occupied the great white and gold
throne in Capitol Park to-day and wit
nessed the trades' display as the proces
sion passed through the Midway. There
followed an Interesting series of vaude
ville features on the stage in front of the
Queen's throne.
.qa'n" create! such a magnirtcent'.dlsplay as
is being witnessed by multitudes here this
week: The 'Bee also drawe lessons of
public import^ from the success of the
week's exposition, asserting that it iscall
ing the attention of th? people of this sec
tion to the unexcelled facilities possessed
by Sacramento as a point of supply and
trade, and, further, that It Is advertising
the beauty of this city's residences - and
gardens.
morning gave expression to a significant
sentiment when it said that while Sacra
mento wants the State Fair, for all ;tlme
It need never, compromise its good name
to retain it when by independent action it
To-morrow will be Governor's day. and
it Is expected that it will prove another
memorable event. In order that Govern
or's day shall n«jt be of secondary consid
eration a man will walk a wire at Four
teenth and N* streets, while another will
ride on a bicycle down a flight of steps at
Tenth and N streets. In the evening
there will be a civic and military paradn
on a large scale. The carnival will close
with a masquerade ball at the new pa
vilion Saturday night.
From all sides coma words of high
praise for Ho Tow, the Chinese Consul
General, and his countrymen, who mad*
possible the magnificent dragon parade
here. Members of the Chinese party hav«
remained In Sacramento and been shown
about by prominent residents of the local
Chinese colony. The carnival pennants
float gayly from the tops of the Chinese*
Tong meeting houses along with the
humpbacked dragon of the Chinese colors,
and Chinatown is still aflutter over tha
parade and the street fair.
The enthusiasm of the people over the
success of the Street Fair and Trades
Carnival knows no bounds. The belief Is
general that it has demonstrated Sacra
mento's ability to bring here and enterr
tain thousands from the surrounding
counties without help from "the outside.
The conservative Record-Union this
/^>\ ACRAMENTO, May 3.— The lndus-
L trial and commercial life of Sacra-
mento had its exemplification here
v J to-day in a trades parade of : re-
K— markable length and attractiveness.
The varied industries of this city were
shown In appropriate floats, some of the
devices used in illustration of the manu
facturing and business lines being very
elaborate and costly. The carnival colors,'
red and yellow, predominated, and the
grand marshal. Captain Fred L. Martin,
and his numerous mounted aids were gay
ly attired in these hues, wearing broad
sombreros and lookinsr like sportive Mex
icans bound for the fandango.
SOME FEATURES OF THE SACRAMENTO STREET CARNIVAL
THRICE WEDDED,
NEVER HAVING
BEEN DIVORCED
Otto H. Van Damon Makes
Very Grave Charges
Against His Wife.
Latter Is Supposed to Be Living in
This City and the Husband
Sues for Divorce in New
York.
Ffeclal Dispatch to The Call
XEW YORK. May 3.— Mrs. Almyra Van
Damon, who ie believed to be residing at
present in San Francisco. Is to be notified
by publication that she has been made the
defendant in an action for divorce by her
husband. Otto H. Van Damon. The lat
ter states that he made a discovery some,
time ago that satisfies him he was never
the lawful husband of the woman.
Van Damon allege? there were two other
men who had called Almyra wife previous
to his assumption of that prerogative and
their title is still ahead of his own. as
sne has never been divorced from either.
Her first husband is alleged to be John
Wiers. to whom she was united in August,
1SS4. when she was 15 years of age. Wiers,
so Van Damon states, informed him of
this marriage and that it was in full force
when he learned that his wife had con
tracted another marriage in 1R93 with
William Mallaban. who is still very much
in the flef?h- Van Damon was married to
tne woman on January 2. 189", by Rev. Mr.
Crosby of 703 Decatur street." Brooklyn.
After this marriage he took his bride, who
had given her aee as 24 years, to Grass
Valley. Cal., where they lived for a year.
Then they went to San Francisco and she
remained there .while be came to New
York on business. • Jt was while here, he
says, that- he. met husband No. 1. who en
liehtened him as to his own marriage and
that of Mauaban. '
WEDDING PREPARATIONS
OF MISS MARY CROCKER
Ceremony Will Bs Quietly Performed
at the Church of St. Mary's at
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 3.— The wedding of
Miss Mary Crocker, daughter of the, late
Charles F. Crocker of San Francisco, to
Francis Burton Harrison . of New York
will be very quietly celebrated on Thurs
day, June 7. at the Little Church of St.
Mary's Tuxedo Park. The ceremony will
take place at 12:30 o'clock, and a special
train for New fork guests will leave here
at 11 o'clock In the morning.
Miss Crocker's attendants will be her
sipter. Miss Jennie Crocker: Miss Jean
Reid, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw
Reid, who is a cousin of the bride-elect;
Miss Harriet Alexander, another cousin:
Miss Susan Alexander McCook, niece, of
Charles B. Alexander, and Miss Mary
Scott. Miss Caro Crockett and Miss Caro
line Taylor of San Francisco.
Mr. has not yet selected his
ushers, as many of his friends are to be
abroad. His best man will be Frank Lyon
Polk.
The Invitations will be sent out by Mr.
and Mrs. Charles B. Alexander, the" lat
ter being an aunt of Miss Crocker, i A
wedding breakfast will follow the cere
mony at the cottage of Mr. and Mrs. Alex
ander, not far from the church at Tuxedo.
Probably not more than one hundred peo
ple will be present. Mr. and Mrs. Alex
ander will leave New York in a few days
for their cottage, and Miss Crocker will
accompany them.
FARMERS IN SESSION.
Many Interesting Papers Bead at Los
f=pecial Dtppatch to The Call.
LOS GATOS. May 3.— The Farmers' In
stitute under the auspices of the local:
grange was held to-day in Odd Fellows'
Hall. J. J. Cornell, master of Los Gatos
Grange, presiding. The morning session
was opened with music and a prayer,
after which Professor D. T. Fowler, con
ductor of the Farmers' Institute of North
ern California, was introduced.. He spoke
for a short time on '"Farm Wastes,"
which was followed by an open discussion.
Professor C. W. Wood worth of the en
tomology department of the University of
California, familiarly known as the "Bug
Man." spoke of the winged pests of which
the orchardist is a victim. An open dis
cussion followed his lecture, and after a
recitation an intermission for dinner was
taken.
The afternoon session was opened with
a question box. In which the questions of
grafting. ¦ fertilizers, growth of moss on
trees and culture of grape vines were
taken "up and disposed of by Professors
Fowler and Woodworth. Professor Fow-,
lerthen compared the advantages of
Northern and Southern California and ex
pressed a hope that the time would come
when this distinction would be done away
with and it would be all simply Califor
nia. He continued, speaking on "The
Farm Home," showing all the, facilities
for modern improvements that are now
within reach of the average farmer that
are not taken advantage of to so great an
extent as in cities.
Professor Woodworth then spoke on
"Our Ladybirds" as thecgreat destroyer
of San Jose scale. Miss Hannah Buckley
rendered a vocal solo and Professor Fow
ler spoke of the good work that the Insti
tute is accomplishing In the various parts
of the State. A song and a recitation
closed the afternoon session.
The programme for the evening session
included a lecture by Professor Wood
worth on the use of carbon bisulphide as
an insecticide, and one by Professor Fow
ler on the "Utility of Farmers' Organiza
tion." interspersed with vocal and instru
mental music.
The large attendance and marked inter
est with which the. various discussions
were followed show that the ranchers of
this. section realize that farming is 'a sci
ence, and that many benefits can be de
rived by following It out on scientific lines.
Benzine Causes a Fire.
SAN -JOSE. May 3.— An- explosion ~of
benzine caused the destruction df a two
story dwelling at.the corner, of .Union and
Phelan avenues this afternoon.'-.' Mrs. 'S.
Anthrum. who was moving ilnto the
house. ;had cleaned the wainscoting with
benzine, and In moving a trunk acciden
tally Ignited a match on the floor, when
the flames instantly ran around the room
and a two-gallon, can of the liquid ex
ploded. Loss on the house, owned by F.
P. Spooner, $2500: Mrs. Anthrum's loss,
$500. __^
Death of James Petersen.
NEWMAN, May 3.— James Petersen, a
prominent citizen," and' .'president of : the
New Era Creamery, Company, here, died
In the German .Hospital to-day from-the
effects of a surgical - operation. His fu
neral : will be held Saturday >:und*er- the
auspices of ¦ t tie Ancient* Order • of .-United
Workmen, of which he was a member. ¦
OTIS MAKES LIGHT OF
HIS ASSAULT ON REAM
Says He Attackt d the Reporter With
a Machete in a Pickwickian,
Spirit.
Special Di*i«trh to The CulL
LOS ANGELES. May 3.— At 3 o'clock
this nftornoon Brigadier General Harri
son Gray Otis, who is charged by W. R.
Ream, a reporter, with assault with a
weapon, accompanied by his attorney,
former United States Senator. Stephen
White, appeared in the Police Court for.
examination. By stipulation of counsel,
fes neither party was prepared., the cas*r
v,&s continued until 10 o'clock to-morrow.
The fact ty-day has been established
that the instrument used was a Cuban
machete that had just been received by
Otls as a curio. The Times this morning
contains a burlesque upon what appeared
in. the papers of yesterday afternoon, in
which the assault was described. After
tacetiously referring to the matter the
articic. that is evidently inspired, says:
"It should have hoen stated that all
tfiiF was done in a purely Pickwickian
spirit. The reporter took it altogether too
*<t5ouMv. for h»r must admit that the
Times' manslayer never half does his
work. He ordered his menials to sweep
up the remnants of his victim in a. dust
pan and they are removed to the office
wasteba-'ket. into which so many re
porters' fragments had been dropped be
fore."
In another statement Otis says: "It is
an incident scarcely worthy of serious
treatment; in fact, it is more Jik»> opera
bnuffe. I was laughing and smiling dur
ing the entire matter. I admit that I
pressed the point of a curio, a Cuban
"machete, against tbe stomach of the ex
cited reporter, but I deny that it came
out on the other side."
Ream to-night pays that he will preps
the suit and that he does not believe that
any man who woujd abupe him as Grn
<ral Otis did and strike pueh a vicious
blow with a machete can invoke the aid
v,f a Pickwick to remove the effect of what
would have hwn a s'-rious matter had
the weapon been as sharp as the general's
language was cutting.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Fp<ci«l Dlspatrh to The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 3.— The following
pensions ha.ve been granted: Michael
Karney. Veterans' Home, Napa. J6; Isaac
Hill. Lodi, J6: William II. Cutter. Los
Gato?, }fi; John H. Bailey. San Francisco,
JK; L'roy Bennett. Orange. $10; William
H. Turbuck, Redlands. $30. Renewal-
Chilli AvertM. WatsonviHe, $17. Increase
— Joseph D. Mead. I.*>s Angeles. $?: Da
rlu* e. Richards. Mariposa, $17; William
T. Ed<!y. Templeton.' $32. Original widow
—Margaret Ryan San Francisco, $$.
. Washington: Original — Arthur J. Rob
inson, Moscow. $3. Additional— Lewis C.
Klllana. Tacoma. $12: James S. Foster.
Spokane. $s. Renewal— Ephralm G. Wag
ley, Chehalie. $17. Increase— Thomas Fin
ney;-Olympla. $S; Frederick XV. Becker.
Colfax. $*.
Oregon: Increase— Lawrence Lamb. Al
pha. $S: Xor\>l Biggs, Koley. $10. Orig
inal widow— Mary J. Freeman, Port
land. $12.
The following Postmasters have been
commissioned: William Ockenden, Pol
laeky; William A. G. von Breyman. Cor
tina: Joseph R. Glazebrook. Deweyville.
Washington— Albert J. Munson. Shelton:
John Slzelove. CaliKpell. Chauncey Fry
has fceen appointed Postmaster at Do
than. Douglass County, Oregon, vice S.
McQ. Wiley, resigned. . . -
Rural free delivery service will be es
tablished at 8ebastopol.r"a1.. May 14 "and
edditlonal service at Santa Roea on the
tame date.
¦ Representative Waters to-day Introduc
ed at bill to increase the pV-nrtons of
Thcm»« A. Cord and Isaac D. -8tin*». | .
Secretary Gage to-day sent to the House
the letter of Supervising Special Agent
Chance urging a deficiency appropriation
cf $20,009 for carrying out the provisions
of the Chinese exclusion act for' the pres
ent year. Mr. «.'han<-e 5tate» that expen
ditures on account of the deportation of
Chinese have greatly increased. The
compensation of all officers' employed un
der the present appropriation has been
decreased 15 to 20 per cent for lack of
fund*. .-¦---:. „-; :
.NEW YORK. May 3.— Inspector Thomp
son raided the Broadway Athletic Club
to-<Jay and Manager George Consldlne and
two pugilists were arrested. The latter
are Kid Thomas and James Hey wood. The
charge !s conducting a boxing contest
without a police license." Ocnpidlne ad
vertised in the morning papers that he
would conduct a boxing contest between
the two pugilists named in the Broadway
Athletic Club for a test case. The arrest?
resulted when ho endeavored to carry out
this promise
CHORUS GIRL STEALS
FROM COMEDIAN'S WIFE
Member of Anna Held's Company
Needed Money With /Which to
Pay for Her. Child's
Education. -V;
PHILADELPHIA.- .May 3.— Frances
Wilson, the leading oborus girl of Anna
Held's "Papa's Wife" company, and one
of the prettiest girls in the show, was
given a hearing in the Police Court to
day and held in $500 ball, charged with
stealing $3M in cash and jewelry worth
51000 from Mrs. Charles Blgclow. a mem
ber of the company and wife of the come
dian of that name. Miss Wilson was ar
rested after the performance last night
and spent the night in a cell at the City
Hall. Detectives testified at the hearing
to-day that she made a" full confession
and restored all of the jewelry and money
with the exception of ?20. Miss Wilson
said she stole because she has a child
that she wants to educate. The missing
$20. - phe. told the detectives, was pent to
New York to pay a month's board for
thischild. It Is thought the prosecution
will be dropped. wcr»«-.* .?=
m^
Strikers Locked Out.
MINNEAPOLIS. May 3.— Th«» ¦ Montana
Central trainmen's, strike has ' assumed,
the form of a lockout.. The, parent Orient
Northern Company has long been prepar
ing for it and has hired- experienced raen
in the twin cities and Chicago to take the
striken!' places. To-day the flm. consign
ment of sixty men was sent on: a. special
train. With these it is hoped to open the
road to traffic. Another train will follow
Jn a few days. It seems unlikely that the
company will yield to the men's demands.
'Varsity Student Dying.
CINCINNATI. May 3.— Harxy, Burke, a
student in the Cincinnati . University. ls>
lying at the point of death at the Cln
clnnatl Hospital, from an Injury recejved
while vaulting over a ten-foot barrier.
The pole broke, and he fell back, striking
the upper' part of -hla «plnaT column on
the top of the broken pole.
Victorian Ran Aground.
SEATTLE, Wash., May, 3.— The steamer
Victorian/ while en routed from Victoria.
B. C.'. ; to Seattle, about." 11 o'clock this
morning went agrouiid'off • the shoal of
Point Wilson and hung there for five
hours, when she floated off with the rising
tide and came to this city.. A marine sur
vey will be held to ascertain the extent
of her damages. _ .
Passing of Two Pioneers.
WILLOWS. May 3.-H. W. C. Nelson, a
pioneer of ; '49, •? died at his : home * near^Orr
land.'l this county, to-day. • He-.was*one
of the 'wealthy' men of the county .and -a
bachelor. ¦ Thomas Redford, another pio
neer,- Is - also dead at; his 1 home iriear; New
vllle.! • He came to this State from Ken
tucky in 1850.- v-
DES MOINES. May 3.— The Democratic
State Convention selected for delegates at
large to the Kansas City Convention Cato
Sells of Vinton, Charles A. Walsh of Ot
tumwa, John S. Murphy of Dubuque and
George Baker of Davenport.
The proceedings were characterized by
harmony throughout and the convention
was the largest held by the Democrats of
this State in recent years, nearly 1000 dele
gates being present.
The prevailing sentiment was over
whelmingly for Bryan, and the delegates
were Instructed to vote as a unit for him
at Kansas City. In the framing of the
platform the more conservative element
prevailed. The Chicago platform is. in
dorsed and the gold standard denounced,
but the ratio of 16 to 1 does not appear In
the resolutions. .
Nominated for Congress.
ATCHISON. Kans., May 3.— George W.
Glick. the Fusionlst candidate and the
only Democrat ever elected Governor of
Kansas, was nominated for Congress here
to-day, by the Democrats of the First
Kansas District. He was opposed by -B.
P; -Waggener, the, ' Missouri Pacific at
torney, ; who' opposed fusion with, the
Populists. - •>•',•-»• :' \.* ••.->
Iowa Democrats Select Delegates for
the Convention.
INSTRUCTED FOB BRYAN.
State Convention Thoroughly Har
monious and the Slated Can
didates Chosen.
DETROIT, Mich., May 3.— The State
convehtion, which to-day elected dele
gates-at-large to thp National Republican
Convention, transacted its business quick
ly and harmoniously. The four delegates
at-large who had been slated were elected
without division. .-with the exception ol
William McPherson. whose candidacy was
opposed • by Frank W. Gilchrist. The
former was chosen, however.
The temporary organization was made
permanent, and the names of Presidential
Electors and members of the State Central
Committee, were announced, and were
later ratified by the convention.
Major I* J. Wilcox of Bay City and
Perry Hanna of Traverse City were elect
ed Presidential Electors at large.
MICHIGAN REPUBLICANS
SELECT DELEGATES
Decide That They Will Make the
Payment of Indemnity to For
eigners a Separate Question.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Wednesday, May
2. — The Kmbassadors met yesterday and
decided to reply to the Forte's note of
April 29 regarding the Increase of duties
as follows:
The embassies- note the Forte's declara
tion that it does not intend to introduce
any unilateral measures and will hasten
to inform their Governments of this. The
Embassadors have decided to make their
consent to an increase conditional upon
the removal of the. abuses of the chemical
analysis, the suppression of warehouse
duties and the abolition of the stipulation
whereby articles not specified in the tar
iffs may be interdicted, confiscated or
destroyed. The Embassadors have decid
ed to make the payment'of Indemnities to
foreigners a separate question and to deal
therewith at a later date.
reply of;emba&sadors
TO THE PORTE'S NOTE
Nearly a Million Dollars Added to the
Appropriation for Postal
Necessities.
WASHINGTON. May 3.-The Senate
Committee on PostoffWs and Pcstroads
to-day completed the postoftlce appropria
tion bill, und Chairman Wolcott will re
port it to-morrow. The net increase in the
bill is about $1,000,000. which includes the
restoration of the provision for the pneu
matic tube service, first reported by the
House committee. Tt provides ?225.ft00 for
continuing the present contracts, and adds
$500,000 for extension of the service to
other cities in addition to those where it
has been In f?e. The following amend
ment has been made to the provision re
lating to letter carriers:
"Provided, that letter carriers may be
required to work as nearly as practicable
only eight hours on each working day. but
not in any event exceeding forty-eight
hours during the six working days of each
week, and such' number of hours on Sun
day, not exceeding eight, as may be re
fliilred by the nerds of the service, and If
a legal holiday shall occur on any working
day the service performed on said day, if
less than eight hours, shall be counted as
eight hours without regard to the time
actually employed."
The vote in the committee on the pneu
matic tube item was seven to three.
Chairman Wolcott told the committee
that when the provision was reached in
the Senate some member favoring the
pneumatic tube service should take charge
of the bill, as. he would oppose the pro
vision on the floor.'
SENATE COMMITTEE FAVORS
PNEUMATIC TUBE SERVICE
SACRAMENTO, May 3-The seventh
annual convention of the California
Bankers' Association wa* opened in
the Senate vhamber at the Capitol
this morning at II o'clock, J. M
.'Elliott, vice president, presided in the
absehre pf President J. J. Valentine.
¦ Those present included E.\ TV Foster.
¦ Wnttira; W. S. Bartlctt. Los Angeles;
Kroest H. Way. Pasadena: J. M. KHiott,
L«s Anpeje?; William B. Wightman. Na
tional Bank Examiner; A. B. Carlock.
Fort Jones; T. fi. Hawkins. Hollister: L.
P. Behrens. Redwood City; C. W. Bush,
Woodland: George W. Bush, Redding: D.
S. Snodiexass. Selma: K. A. Walroud.
Fremo ; W..B. Met calf, Banta Barbara; C.
H. Camming*. Sacramento; N. D. Ride
out. Marysville; Joseph R. Ryland. Lob
via<n«=: F. E. B<rk. Pan Francisco; Arthur
CasiHagn. San Francisco;. Charles
Altschul. San Francisco; O. YVV" Mey^cn
b\irg. Chicago; J. A. Waymire. Alameda;
S. J. McKnight. Vallejo; \V. A. Hale, Mar
tinez.
tnon the convention being called to or
<> r secretary <-f State C K. Curry made
an address of welcome on behalf of the
State.
Mayor George ]I. Clark made an address
of wclco»ffe on bf half of the city.
The convention wa* opened by Vice
Fresid-nt KHiott. In the course of hip ad
rifff h" s«id: - - -
• - To ue on this mast the adoption of
the gold standard we consider particular
ly advantageous. We cannot fall to re-
"In the spring of "Sty, when it was in
evidence that nature was to withhold
from this season anything like a bounti
ful rainfall, we all anticipated with oon
?=Mcrabl*> apprehension the condition of
the Suite with no crop to support It.
Mast of mir forebodings were dissipated
in various .ways and we look forward
with courage to th% carrying of the
southern half of tm> State at least
through the coming summer without the
•iread that oppressed us a year ago.
"In San Francisco It is generally un
derstood that renewed activity in the Or
ient, not only caused by the supplying of
our considerable army in the Philippines
but hIso by the development of trade in
China. Japan and Russia, has put new
life into every business and trade all over
the State."
Attention was called, to the benefit of
Brilliant Business Prospects.
member how in lS'«i we found that the
custom of transacting our business almost
exclusively on a gold co'n basis acted as
a disadvantage to us and was availed of
by Eastern people and others who fjtiiet
ly changed drafts • payable in current
funds in New York into gold coin at our
expense. . afterward filling the safe de
posit boxes, so as to have. the most valu
able money on hand in case the Presiden
tial election should prove favorable to the
free coinage of silver. Thin reminds me
to suggest that possibly it would be wise
for us to gradually accustom ourselves
and the community in general to the us*!
of paper money, which has by the high
est authority in the country been guar
anteed to remain as good as gold.
PROMINENT OFFICERS OF THE BANKERS' ASSOCIATION.
The afternoon session opened with a
general discussion on the business out
look, disrates making interesting re
ports of conditions in thoir respective lo
calities. Tha uniform law of negotiable
instruments, which failed to secure the
approval of the Governor, and the par
check system, were also considered.
Interesting papers were read on "Ad
vance in Banking Methods." by Richard
Brndley: "Is There Any <Jood Ileason for
the Prejudice that Kxists Against.
Banks and Bank Officials?" by Hon. C. < ".
Bush, and "The Greater Currency," by J.
M. C. Marble.
Nominations- R. M. Welch, Richard
Bradley and T. K. Hawkins.
R*><=<->tutionf= — Charles Alt.^chul, K. E.
Beck and B. A. SValroud.
A good word was said for the Pacific
Commercial Museum to be established at
San Francisco and resolutions were sug
gested in the musfum's behnlf.-
Commltteemen were appointed as fol
low? :
Auditinr-L. P. Behror.s. S. J. MeKnight
and W. S. Barlett.
Commercial Museum.
giving increased powers to the State Bank
Commissioners. The benefits of the asso
ciation were referred to and a plea made
for a general participation in the asso
ciation on tli»< part of the banks.
In the report of the executive council
the failure to pass a banking law relative
to State commercial paper, owing to the
Governor's neglect to sign the bill passed
by the Senate and Hor.se. was' deplored,
and attention was- called to the position
taken by other States in this regard.
Vice President Elliott Lauds the Gold Standard Bill and
Says a Good Word for Paper as a Substitute
for Metal Currency.
I.OS ANGELES, May 3.— After a brief,
courtship of twenty-four hours Charles
P. Overton, one of the leading Knight*}
Templar of Golden Gate Commandery No.
16, was yesterday afternoon wedded to
Miss Daisy Bell, the accomplished daugh
ter of Major Horace Bell of this city.
Although the now happily married couple
had known each other for many years
not until they, still in single blessedness?,
occupied a box at thf> Orpheum on Tues
day night did the question of matrimony"
have .serious consideration. Vet In that
box Charley Overton. with the sound of
'Lohengrin" In his ears a? the notes of
the orchestra died away, made known
hi? love and slipped the ring that plighted:
ihfir troth upon the hand of his lady fair.
An hour later at Levy's restaurant, where
a party of sixty gallant knights were
dining and making 1 merry at the round
table, in a spirit of jest the proposal qf
marriage was announced. This resulted
in a kiss being given in the presenc-n of
the fraters assembled, the joke becoming
cne of pure earnestness.
The affair was still lightly treated and
the fair knights and ladies took a tally-ho
rtde to I'asadena. When they returned
last night they found that Rev. Hush K.
Walker had performed the ceremony at
the home of the bride and their congrat
ulations were extended as the owl trail 1 ,
carried the happy pair to San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call
Lohengrin.
Bride Is Miss Daisy Ball, and the
Troth Was Plighted in a Thea
ter to the Strains of •
Popular Knight Templar
Wins Fair Los Angeles
Laay.
IMfON M AR R I ES
AFTER BRIEFEST
OF COURTSHIPS
ANNUAL STATE CONVENTION OF
BANKERS OPENS AT SACRAMENTO
INDUSTRIES OF CAPITAL CITY
SHOWN IN A TRADES PARADE
Long Line of Gayly Decked Floats Illustrating Manufac
turing Enterprises Viewed by Cheering
liiuuociiiuo.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, * FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1900
LOURENZO MARQUEZ, May 3.— The
American ship William H. Macy, Captain
Groth. from \ ancouver. Is ashore at Cock
burn Shoal. The British warship Ports
has gone to her'assistance.
The ship William H. Macy Is of 2092
tons. Sh*» halls from San Francisco and
is owned by J. C. Eschon & Co. She was
built at Rockport, Me.. In 1SSX She Is 254
feet 9 Inches long. 43 feet 2 Inches wido
and 2S feet 3 inches deep.
CONSIDINE ABRESTED.
2
The first of a series of three
splendid articles by "Fight-
ing" General Joe Wheeler will
appear in next Sunday's Call.
While each article is complete
in itself still you cannot af-
ford to miss one. Be sure that
you get the first one and then
look out for the other two to
be printed on Sunday, May
13 and 20 respectively. No
man is better qualified than
General Wheeler to write upon
the Philippines and you will
not be disappointed."The laws of the United States do not
rfcogr.ize plural marriages as valid. The
fact must be established to the satisfac
tion of the authorities that the person
claiming the right to enter is in fact the
wife or minor child of one of the class
mentioned In. the- treatyjis entitled to ad
mission- It appears that the evidence on
this point IV unsatisfactory and conflict
ing, and the action of the Collector In de
ny5r« bcr a landing Is sustained."
iMalUWHBMffl l liifcli"UHilHIIWW#lli ¦ m » Tftl
A ruling was made recently by the
Treasury Department to the effect that
the Chinese wives and minor children of
•he exempted <:hin<»se classes residing in
the I.'nlted States were entitled to be
landed without pap«?r3. In other words,
that the wife anmjsea the status of the
husband. IA Tom Shi was denied a
lar.(\'.nfr by the Coijpctor of Customs at
Portland, Or., because the evidence that
she was the lawful wife of I^ee Lung was
not satisfactory to the Collector. She ap
pealed to the Secretary of the Treasury
and her appeal has been denied. The Sec
retary says:
which CMne*« wives and the minor ehll-
Arev. of Chinese merchants residing In the
UnIte<I Ftatos may be landed. The decl
r'.on was made In the matter of the appeal
cf I A Tom Shi. the second or plural wife
c.t I>-e I.ur.g. a merchant residing ia Port
land. Or.
Coctlnnea from Tint Par*.
SCORES OF CHINESE
DEPORTE&
BY JACKSON
The I?gt:s<» to-day, without • division,
parsed the free homes bill, which has
been pending before Congress for a num
ber of years. The bill provides that the
Government FhaH Issue patents to actual
bona fide settlers on agricultural lands of
Indian reservations opened to settlement.
These lands were taken up by settlers
who contracted to pay for them $1 25 to
$3 73 per acre. By the terms of the bill
the Government assumes the payment of
the purchase price to the Indians, and
changr-c the existing law relative to agri
cultural colleges so as to insure the pay
ment of the endowments, which hereto
fore have come out of the sale of public
lands, in en?" of deficiency. These pay
ments Involve J1.200/XO annually. Of the
2S.000.CO0 acres in Indian reservations
opened to settlement, for which the Gov
ernment is to pay or has paid JS3,000,0(W,
about s. 000 .000 tcres have been taken and
sb^ut 2/<0\W) ceres are supDosed to be
etill available fcr agricultural purposes.
A rcmaikable thing In connection with
the paKsafre of the bill to-day was a
rr»eeeh in its favor by Gaiusha A. Grow
of Pennsylvania, the venerable ex-Speak
er of the House, who forty-eight years
Rgo fathered and passed the original
homest«»nd bill. He was then the young
est and is now the oldest member of the
House. The remainder of the day was
devoted to the sundry civil appropriation
bill, the last but one of the great sup
piy bin*.
Free Homes Bill.
A resolution requesting the Civil Ser
vice Commission to supply the Senate In
formation affirming- violations of the civil
trrvice law in 1^8 was adopted.
The Senate then, at 5:25 p. m., ad
journed.
A bllt. wajs passed restoring Captain
Jlrnry D. Hale to the revenue cutter uer
vire.
The Senate then passed 177 private pen
sion bills. Among them were bills grant-
Itik pensions of S.V) a month «>ach to Gen
eral James IxanRstreet. who was a major
In the Vnltod States army lx>fore he went
Into the Confederacy; to Mrs. Margaret
Hadger, widow of Commodore Badger
and to Mrs. Grldley. widow of the late
«"aptain Gridley of the Olympla. and of
SIM a month to Mrs. Julia Henry, widow
of General Guy V. Henry.
Hawley .- point of order against the
Turner amendment for the allowance of
trav<! pay, made j'fsterday. was fus
¦tain^'3. The hill was passed, as amended
withor.t division.
Tiilman criticized the War Department
for not supplying the Information asked
for by the Senate.
Bepljtfns to FeUij?rew'* charge as to
the prevalence of insanity and suicides
xiroons- the soldiers in the Philippines.
Ilawlt-y read a statement from the sur-
Uvcn poneral saying that Insanity had not
Ijron above the average.
If this was true, said Turner. It was
hardly consistent to say. as Proctor had
paid, that ther» were only eeattertnr in
stances in which the extra pay had been
alliw'od.
Proctor read extracts from the report
of the adjutant general explaining til© cir
cumstances under which travel pay had
been aJ lowed to eorae of the troops and
withheld from others. He said that no
military organization as such has received
travel pay from Manila, but that such al
lowance had been made In many Individ
ual cascs. The Astor Battery was com
posed largely. Proctor said, of men In the
rppular army, and on the whole they
tared not so well as Rome of the purely
volunteer organizations.
Turner referred to the fact that a reso
lution had been adopted by the Senate
two months ago asking for a list of sol
diers who had received travel pay. and
that the paymaster greneral had r«*pll*»d
that hi? force was Insufficient to supply
th<» <1ata during the present session of
Congress.
Travel Pay Allo-wances.
Teller advocated the amendment for
travel pay. Burns that we could maintain
on army in the Philippines only by pur
f.i'.ntf a liberal policy. Suppose Jt did cost
S7.000.Gj0. that Tvas a. mere baga-telle com
pared with the er.tlro cost of the war.
Teller raid he had been assured by an
army ofllccr who had recently re
turned from the Philippines that we did
not actually hold a district in the Island
cf Luzon blgg-er than the District of Co
lumbia- This was no more territory than,
was held a year agro. lie did not. he said,
toestlon this fact aa a crimination against
the Government on thi? account, but. on
the other hand. It was puerile to say that
the money due the troops should be with
held for mere motives of economy.
Tinman and Pcttiprrew had a discussion
ns to fiffalrs In the Philippines. Pettigrrew
coriterifled that no mere fra-gments of a
tribe vicre opposed to the United States In
the Ph!:'.rplr-es, but that the entire popu
lation was antagonistic. Only a small cir
cle of '.he country around Manila had been
conquered by our forces, end he asserted
a. standing- army of 100.W0 men would
l>e necessary to maintain order In the lsl
ards.
"WASHINGTON. May 3.— Tbe Senate to
day adopted the motion of Mr. Hoar to
take up the resolution of the Committee
en Elections declaring that Clark of Mon
tana ¦was rot duly elected to the Senate
end then postponed consideration of the
Cwstion for a week. The army appropri
ation bill, after a rather 5pirlted debate.
was passed without division. The day
closed t. Sth the passage of a n-Jinber of
private j^nrior. Wills, including bills to
pension Mrs. Julia Henry, widow of the
late General Guy V. Henry: peneral
James Lerasstreet; Mrs. Margaret M.
Badger, widow of the la.te • Commodore
Eadgcr. and Mrs. Harriet Grtdley, widow
of the late Captain Grldley of the navy.
Free Homes Bill, Wliich Has Been
Pending for Years, Passed With
out Division by the
House.
Senate Discusses Affairs
in the Philip
pines.
FINAL ACTION
0N CLARK CASE
IS POSTPONED
THE , SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, MAX 4, 1900.
3
fditli v!i^i?Jiil before. This has prompted us to have another |||||b '^^^^P^i^^ W*.
|ffi| lITf it ill sa ' e » so we h^ve taken a different lot of suits and put j}|ljjjj Wfi
ifcPP miu 1 1 11 11/ 1'hV them in at a special price for to-day and to-morrow. ! I j | | feiC'i^f^^^ £"" §|^
lf-£:-|l 1 1 1 • t \ { OME of the suits are blue and black cheviots, others are fancy nj : /! | i \ ! \\\\ \\ \ 'I P»^
fe?^fl S^l^L >^'%F?\li$?|f 11 C cheviots in checks and mixtures; they come in heavy, medium ) 'nil 1 ! | j M&
P:^2§ e^^^^^I ''^tIIIIII and summer weights; there are also some black clays, gray l^w^l^W! i 5 :^
Mite |jB cassimeres and mixed tweeds ; all sizes in single and double I ||^^^^HifP ! mlf % ':X
IS-iiSI %} |p )[§¦ !||^1^ ?{f They make good business suits and will wear and not show it. If any Hr^B^^lrlnn li % M&l
M&M m^' ' ! |S$tf*« fault comes to light in them we will make it right. We have sold the suits || IpBffl!jBw|{- 1| *$W$ P?^I
fy0:fi§ %*w\t- ) ¥^Mh H for $io and $12.50, but for Friday and Saturday as a special the price will be W, %$$Wm Ml wtilil ~~^~*' P^@i
't$$ts Mi'^K if?^ ¦ 'I /rQ s P ec^ a ' sa'es you can save money and save considerable, too. Every SlnliSSllli Plllll^ *'¦' B
i?fe?8 KpM^lif'/^fp li - article is actually reduced in price when we say it is. On these suits W wimm WiWfM : l
|.%!p p-'ft% W%k I ' you can save from $2.25 to $475. Can you afford to miss the chance ? ffi I ffl/I RlliMi
g:^^ l^^lV wear. Regular prices $2^0 and $300. Price to-day and to- j&t^*^ M$M V&J'&M
Y&'M y^^P^^l^^^^li They come in neat patterns of- Rich si k vests indelicate designs, such as dots and :^^^0^S^fS fffc*!
i^^ gray and brown mixtures, double- bfownV.gray^ndVeen^^ftVh^ ll^^^^^Sv^^^SiiifiSlt Wi'^M
fttl i e j£ b °v e "^ li
Cv""-"":^ • Cp^.^o, IS tcr yet we sell the hats at the money-saving price of * S^"*'*"''The final game of baseball for the cham
pionship of the Academic Athletic League
will be played to-morrow at 10 a. rn. on
the Eighth and Harrison streets grounds.
The opposing teams will be those repre
senting the Polytechnic High School and
the Central High School. An Interesting
game is expected. The nines will line up:
Polytechnic H. 8. Central H. 8.
W. McKnne Pitcher B. McCay (capt.)
D. Kgan Catcher A. Jones
N. Dunn (capt.)... First base W. Bullock
L. Levy Second base L. Hughes
A. Pockwitz Third base H. Francis
A. Ross Shortstop c. Zamlock
T. Crafta Left fleld C. Kdsrar
E. Oage Center fleld E. White
C. Clouifh Right fleld 8. Hinds
For the Baseball Championship.
Second race-Game Warden, Lilly Dlggs,
Klngstelle. ".- :•?'.
Third race— Perseus, Corolla, Ping.
Fourth race— Grafter, Prince«9 Titan'a. Ba
vasf a. i
. Fifth race — Comlne Event, Alicia. Morella.
Sixth race— La Borgia. Lou Rey, Donator.
Seventh race— Horton, Wyoming. Lady Med
dlesome.
Seventh race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward: selllnc:
1193 Silver Tone 1071 1158 Horton 110
1181 L. Meddlesome.103! 11*2 Wyoming 103
1187 Storm King 112 1192 Imp.Mlstral 11.112
11*7 Morinel 113 1194 Castake 109
1194 Edrardo 83 (llS7)Gauntlet 110
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Kitty Kelly, Loboslna, Home
stake.
Plxth race— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds
and upward; selling:
• 11S8 Donator 103 (1160)Lou Rey 110
11«9 Sudden 107 1160 Lost Girl 107
(1172)Chapple 109 11SS Bonlbel 105
1160 Dolore 107 11S0 Romany ........107
US7 Mortnga 109 1182 La Borffia 9J
(1190)Alarla 105 11S1 Proclamation .. 95
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-ye»r-olds
and upward; selling:
1162 Rinirmaster ...103{ 1167 Uterp 103
11S6 Gusto 9S|(lli;9)Splke 95
910 Clprlano 109 < 1142 Morella 9a
1139 Prestome 9S 1128 Sister Marie.... 93
1173 Louise Hayman 93| US5 Cue 9<
874 Alicia 107 , (1165)CominR Event.. 93
Fourth race — Four and a half furlongrs; two
year-olds; purse:
1174 Parsifal 113 1 1155 Intrepido 105
1179 Grafter 110 (llS3)Loneliness 110
1179 Prncs. Titfinla.100' 1179 Rio de Altar.. ..103
(1143)Ada N 110 llfil Bavassa 110
1174 Articulate 103 1155 Andrattus 105
Third race— Mile and a sixteenth: thre«-year
olJs and upward: selling:
1184 Rapldo 107 (H?4)Mamle G 105
1176 Inverary II 107 1190 None Such 107
(1140)PerseU9 109 11S7 Grand Sachem.. 107
1194 Ailenna 83 H»0 Corolla S5
11S1 Kl ilido 103 11SS Mary Klnsella,.103
1131 Ping ...., 109
Second race— Four and a half furionrs: two
year-olds; i^urse:
1039 Scrnwell. Lake.105 1155 Scotch Belle 105
1155 Klngstelle 10S f 1130 Kitty Lundy 100
1179 Lilly THgga 110 1143 Cambaeeres ....103
11S3 Loyal S.... 100 (S70)Game Warden.110
1166 Illilouon 113 11S3 Wardman 103
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Futurity cours-; three-year-olds
and upward; selling:
1155 Ahwahnee 105 f 1173 Goldflnder 107
1172 Mrs. C 105 I 1163 Flush of Gold.. 105
Bl. Sheppard...105 j 1172 Jim Rrownell..-112
1178 Lobogina 105 I .... Pauline J 120
117S Nettle Clark...105' 109S Kitty Kelly 105
71S Miss Vera 1031 1162 Horr.estake 110
Johnny Woods rode in good form, pilot
ing three winners.
Ruiz was suspended for his ride on Mon
tanus pending further Investigation of the
race.
Track Notes.
Favorites Out of Luck Again at Oak
land — Jingle Jingle's Win Put
a Crimp in the Betting
Bine
J. Naglee Burk's mare Rosormonde,
with 103 pounds up, captured the' mile and
a sixteenth handicap at Oakland yester
day after a desperate drive with old Cap
tive. She was heavily played at odds of 5
to 2, and after shaking off Constellator It
looked easy for her. In the stretch Boze
man called on Captive, and only by a
clever piece of finishing did Buchanan
land Rosormonde first by a short nose. At
the start Mr. Ferguson seemed to ignore
the even money favorite. My Gypsy, en
tirely, letting the little filly away a half
dozen lengths behind the others. It did
not suit the crowd, which plainly dis
played its disapproval of the careless
work. She was never a factor In the
race.
Outsiders in the betting were again out
on dress parade, Merry Boy and Jingle
Jingle being the bright particular stars.
Two favorites only won purses.
Sidelong, a hot tip for the opening
sprint, was reported lame, sending his
price back from 8 to 5 to *. It proved a
false alarm, for after Polka had led to the
stretch Woods on Sidelong got up. win
ning by half a length. Moscow Boy, the
favorite, quit early.
Frank McMahon's mare Alaria received
heavy backing to win the mile selling run,
closing equal favorite with Good Hope.
Powell had the leg up in place of Faunt
leroy, and slipping through next the rail
on the far turn succeeded in maintaining
his position to the close, leading Cromwell
out two lengths. Buchanan on Good Hope
lost his lead pad at the three-quarter pole.
Mr. Ferguson's bad work with the gate
at the mile and a sixteenth start was re
peated in the six-furlong sprint. Backed
from 8 to 16 to 5, Jingle Jingle was sent
away long before her field, and. hard rid
den, reached the stand four lengths be
fore Mistral II, an outsider. Decoy, the
favorite, and Novia, second choice, never
had a chance.
Another remarkably close finish marked
the conclusion of the mile and a furlong
run. Silver Tone started out to make a
runaway race of it. only to be grabbed
with the wire almost within reach by
Louis B. McWhirter. a 30 to 1 Bhot. Just
about this time Woods brought Rosinante
along with a tardily timed rush, getting
the decision by a nose.
Quoted at 8 and 10 to 1 in th<* ring. Mer
ry Boy < wned Torsina a half-length for
the closing mile run. Ailenna ran third.
My Gypsy, Hot Favorite for
the Handicap, Almost
Left.
CAPTIVE BEATEN
OUT BUT A NOSE
BY ROSORMONDE
There is no demand for foreign advisers
to the Korean Government. Although two
Americans who held such rwjsltlons have
recently died, their places have been filled
and their is no further demand for assist
ance of that kind.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Thursday, May 3. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
1 1 k». FLRST RACE— Futurity course; selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300. ¦
[ ' I 1 Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. (St. \i 14 % Str. Fin. \ Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1032" sfdelongr. 4 .10914 ... 2 «* 2h 1 h 1^ IJ. Woods 8-5 .4
1141 Polka 4 108 3 ... 12 13 23 22 Macklin 3 4
1177 Hoherilohe, 5 125 2 ... 6h 61 32 35 Ruiz 10 15
lir,3 Aunt Bird, B 110 9 ... 72 S241 41 Hozpman 6 10
1172 Tourift II. 4 117 6 ... 41 3h BH 5h Dtnjdey 20 20
1171 San Augustine. 4. ...119 5 ... 8 1 7 1 6 2 6h F.Ruiz 20 30
1171 Klsin, 4 Ill 7 ... 3h 4 2 7 1 7 h H. Stuart 6 9-2
1153 Harry Corby. 4 119 8 ... 9 3 9 4 8 8 Vi H. Shields..... 20 30
11KS Moscow Boy, 5 1121 1 ... t fill 8 V6 ' 0 9 3 I. Powell...... 4,3
1172 Rlcardo. a 122110 ... 10 5 10 5 10 10 5 O'Nell 15 40
1H1 Joe Mupsle 6 115 11 ... 11 11 11 11 Basslnger 10 15
7*L.PPry Lark, a 120| I/eft ... Mounce 60 60
Time— To M. :22; to H. :47; last %. 1:02: short %. 1:12. Bad start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner. J. Jewell's br. g.. by I^ongnlde-Oain. Pliielong was best. JIoscow Boy Quit
early. Hohenlohe weakly ridden. Elsin of nj account.
1100. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Indej^JIorse. Age. 'Weight. I St. . >; \j % 8tr. FlnT~| Jockey. [Op. "cT.
1182 Alaria. 4 ..107110 102 4h 12 ... 12 1. Powell 7-2- 3
1180 Cromwell, a 116| 2 4 1 6h 3 % ... 2 3 Macklin 4 5
11S7 Terrene. 4 W7I11 11 9 1 4 1 ... r8% Ranch 10 12
11S2 Montanus, 4 112 4 5h 7h 71 ... 4>-fc Ruiz 4 3
1152 Exr*»dlent, 3 95 3 6 h 8h 6 1 ... 6 2 Basslnger .... 8 8
1107 Mont Eagle, 3 93 5 7 h 3 h S h ... 6 1 Stuart 12 20
1175 None Such, 5 113 6 « 2 11 9 1 ... 7 2 IMnjfley 15 20
1141 Yule, ft Ill 9 » h 10 2 10 ... 8 2 Mounce 10 50
1127 Sunello. 3 93 1 11 lh 2h -•... 9 1 J. Daly " 8 30
li:,9 Red Cherry. 3, 94 7 2 1 5h 11 .... 10 3 \V. See 15 60
1181 Good Hope. 4 107 8 3h 2h 5h ... 11 Buchanan .... 2 3
J 175 Anchored, 4 .^. 106 j Left ... ... ... ... ... Bozeman 12 30
Time— %, :25%: Vi7 :-"0?i: a i. 1.16U: mile, 1:42. Good start. Won easily, second and third
driving. \Vlnner. F. McMa hen's br. m., by Imp. Watercress-Alary- Powell on winner for
tunate In fce,Uing: through next the rail. Cromwell cut off at first turn. Terrene ran a swell ,
race. Montanuo b"*J'V^'^fl£rv^225i2»_2S22[SlL-22i5£^£E5^i^«_^5^ Hope lost lead pad.
1101; THinD RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; free handicap; 3-year-oMs and up; purse, $500.
Index JIorsg._Age7" Weight. IStT!" Std~ U % I JockgyT [Op. cT.
116S Rosormonde, 5 10311 H4 22 lh 13 ins Buchanan E-2 1K3
1153 Captive, a 107 3 43 45 3 1Vi 2n2 2V4 Uozeman 5 7
1176 The Fretter. 4 100 2 82 3h_ 2 V4 . 32 35 Mounce 5 9
(1168) My Oypsy, 5 91 5 5 5 5 4% 4 5 Ranch 1 1
1168 Const ellator. a...^... 88 4 2 3 IJ 4 2 5 5 * J. Daly... 6 12
Time— 1-16. :O6>4; 3-16, :30Vi; 9-16, :5»V, 13-16. 1:21»4: mile. 1:40% 5 1 i-i6m, 1:47. Bad start
Won first three driving. Winner. J. Naglee Burk's b. m., by Imp. Ormonde-Imp. Fairy
Rose. My Oypsy almost left at post. Captive would have won In a* couple of more Jumps.
Conciliator bje^uPcarlyj^Scratched— T 1 °riblo!Q5 ; »-^^-^_^_
11»2. FOURTH RACE— Six furlonRs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Ace.~Welght.lSt. % - Vt % Str. Fin." _ Jocjtey. |6p! CK
1169 Jlr.cie Jingle, 4.. ...103 1 ...14 1 4 ... H Bul-hana"n~777I 8~T£o
115$ Imp. Mistral II. 6..110 3 ... 6 2 4h ... ; 114 Bassinjfer .... 8 18
(1115) Decoy. 3 SS !» ... 42 31 ... 3n Ranch 2 13-5
1151 Tituron, 4 103 12 ... 12 5h ... 45 Macklin 10 20
1152 Rosalbra. 6 Ill 2 ... 2 1 2 £ 514 Rulz 10 20
1167 Mountebank, 3 S3 4 ... 3h 6^ ... 6h J Daly 8 12
1146 Lodestar. 6 107 5 ... 7h Sh ... 7 Bozeman 6 15
(1141) Brown Prince, 5. ...107111 ... 10 h 12 ... 8 H Stuart 20 40
1167 Ef*plrando, 5 107110 ... Sh 9 h ... 9 J.' Woods. 1 10 10
1117 Mike Rice, a ,..110 8 .-.. 9 2 11 h ... 10 DIn K ley 15 40
1162 Etta H, 6 ....10o 7 ... »h « h .:. n Mounce 4 12
1167 N'ovla, 5 ,10516 ... 11 h 10 1 ... 12 t. Powell 2 3
Tlme-H. :24"-: %. :49; #.-.1:15. Bad Btart. Won first three drlvln*. Winner, W. R. LaTziT
lere's br. m.. by Imp. Brutus-Nabette. Jingle beat the gate half "a dozen lengths. Nothing
else had a chance.
rTi>5r :^ : iF : Tir\tACK— One mile and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds and up: purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Ace!~\Vetght. |St. '4 H »« Str. - Fin. | Jockey. [Op. cT
"1176 Roslnante. 6 .107 4 5 5 3h~ 3~h 1 na J. Woods 8-5 3T2
11S2 L. B. McWhlrter. 3.104 5 4 1 IV, 5 ,22 2 ns* I Powell..... 12 30
(1182) Silver Tone, 4 "jj. \ \V* J}' 4 I Z X1 3 6 Buchirnan .... 2 5-2
1169 Torlblo. I • "I 2 3 r 3 1 4n 5 46 Mounce ....... 85
(USD Sir Hampton, i.. r . 94 i_ __2 \j 2 V, J 1 4 h 5 --.-:. Rasslnger .... fi-5 2
Tlme-H. :13- %. :37; H. l:C2*i: 74, ,.1:»H; mile. 1:41%: m ra , i :?4 . Oood~start~Won first three
driving. Winner. J. (.offey s ch. m.. by Imp Charaxus-Ethle. Woods pulled Rosinante
out from rail a furlong from home, soorlnir on the last stride. McWhirter ran a grand race
Hampton quit at head of stretch. Tone displayed exceptional courase. Scratched— My
U-r-^,^. ~»~^ »^^ _' ' '"' ¦ ' '
HIM. SIXTH RACE— One mile; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purae. $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.tSt. M ~~M % 8tr. Fhi. I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1151 Merry Boy, 6.. 113 1 4 2 5h 2 % ... 1 K~T~ Woods 4 5
1187 Torsina. a ..........111 3 In 12 12 ... 2 1 BozemTn "'"'' 4 8
1175 Ailenna,- 3 . v ....... 91 2 6h 414 3 1 ... it j p™y "' J f
1U2 Torslda. 5 ........:::.lll 9 82 82 B h ... 4h Maeklfn 15 ?o
1152 Castake. 5 113 5 95 98, 82 ... 5" Mounce 10 ?rt
(1167) Do nialse. 4.... 112 6 5h 6h 7h ... %L H smart""" 6 i
1173 High Hoe. 5 1114 2 2 , ; 2h 4 1. ... 72 I Powell « 7
(1180) Edgardo. 3 S3 7 8 1 .3V4 6% ... 8 T Ranch . '."'' «' »7
1140 Tirade, 4 ............112 lo; 10 10 ¦,¦ 10 - ... S 4 • Bassinger " - «. IS
1152 Socialist. 5 .........113 8 7% 7h 9 2 .. - 10 R?,f! -' ''" m II
Hit Rio Chico, 4 ,M0»| Left — ... ... ... .. f Buchanan":::: 6 9?2
Time-M :2S; . M.^.:49\4 113&VM& 1:42. ¦ Good start. ; Won cleverly," second' and third drivl
Ing. Winner. M. J. Collins & Co.'s ch. g.. by imp. MerriTva-Llzzie Hooker Winner w«« •
Bulgarians Disarm Troops and Kill
or "Wound Fifteen Men Near
Rustchuk.
SOFIA, Bulgaria; May 3.— The rising of
peasants In the vicinity' of Rustchuk Is
assuming alarming proportions. • The
peasants , have succeeded in disarming
some troops and have used -rifles against
others. Two officers and fifteen men have
been killed or wounded. A similar number
of. peasants fell. About 3000 peasants are
now marching on Rustchuk against two
battalions of troops sent to defend the
town. - *
Sirs. Morris Succumbs.
SAN DIEGO, May 3.— Mrs. Charles Mor
ris, ?. the ;vlctlm I of the ; murderous assault
of Marco Brunello,' the Italian, who, after
shooting her, committed suicide by blow-
Ing a , hole through . his head , succumbed
to her injuries at -10 o'clock this morning
No new facts as to. the cause of the trac
ed}'were developed at the inauest
UPRISING OF PEASANTS
GROWS VERY ALARMING
Santa Fe Trains Running.
The Santa Fe Company has secured an
eng!ne to take the place of the one that
VU dumped into the bay on the first of
May ar.d Is' moving freight as if nothing
had happened. Over eixty cars arrived
over the nakeryJMd and Mojave branch
on Wednesday and as fast as the empty
cars arrive they s»re being filled and
started eastward again. General Super
intendent Storey said yesterday that
everything is working smoothly now
CLEVELAND, May 3.— The Cleveland-De
troit came wa* postponed; cold weather.
MILWAUKEE. May 3.— Milwaukee. ll;:Kan
eas City, 10.
MINNKAPOL1S. =¦ May >.— Minneapolis. 8;
Chicago. 16. .
Depositions in Routing Cases.
1 LOS ANGELES. May S.-Further depo-
I sitions will be taken in the orange rout-
I ins- cases to be forwarded to the Inter
j state Commerce Commission in this city
j on Friday, at which time the Earl Fruit
Company will have an inning. On Satur
; day W. F. Jlerrin. representing the South
ern Pacific Company, and Judge Stevens,
representing the Santa Fe. will have de
positions taken for their side of the case.
Tnat will end the taking of, testimony In
these cases here.
BtIFFAIX>, May 3.— The Buffalo-Indianapolis
game was posti»oned; cold weather.
Association Games.
BOSTON, May 3.— The Boston-Philadelphia
game was postponed because of wet grounds.
PITTSBURG, May 3.— The weather wan cold |
and the game uninteresting. The Pittsburgh
coul<l rot hit Jones and therefore lost. At
tendance, 14C0. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
PlttFbunj ' 2 6 5
St. I»ul» 9 11 3
Batteries— Wadd'll and Lattlmer; Jones and
Crlger. Umpire— Hurst.
BROOKLYN, May 3.— To-day's game between
Brooklyn ar.d New York was ended in the
last half of the seventh inning by darkness,
heavy clouds with threats of rain making It
impossible to see. The score waB a tie when
the New Yorks were retired in their half of
the seventh and when the Brnoklyns had two
'¦¦ men on bases the visitors tried to delay mat
ters. A bunt by Jennings and Doheny's wild
throw brought in the winning run. Attend
ance, 3000. Score:
Oubs-i '¦'< R. H. E.
New York '.f9. 4 h 2
Brooklyn 680
Batteries — Doheny and Warner; Kennedy and
Farrcll. Umpire — Connolly.
CHICAGO. May J— Loose fielding, poor base
running and bad Judgment generally on the
part of the home team gave Cincinnati an
easy victory to-day. Harvey pitched the last
four innings for Chicago. Weather cold. At-'
tendance. 900. Score:
Chicago 4 10 5
Cincinnati 11 14 2
Batteries— Griffith. Harvey and Donahue;
Bcott and Wood. Umpire — Swartwood. - .
>
ClubH— W. L. Pc.| ClubH— W. L. Po.
Philadelphia . 9 3 .750; Chicago 6 7 .417
Brooklyn 9 4 .€02: PlttFburg ..:. 5 7 .417
Cincinnati .... 7 4 .C6; Boston 3 8 .273
St. Louis 6 6 .SOOINew York 3 8 .273
Averages of the Eastern Teams the
Same as Yesterday.
PTAXDINO OF THE CLUBS.
NO CHANGES RESULT.
MONAHAN
WAS TOO TRUE
TO HIS FRIEND
Made an Affidavit Which
He Now Admits Was
Perjured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. May 3.— Friendship for
his convicted friend, firebug Patrick
Boyle, may land Patrick Monahan, who
claims to be an oiler for the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, behind the bars of a
State's prison, wearing convict stripes for
the crime of perjury.
Two affidavits, each made the same
day, one a direct contraversion of the
other, form the crime which Monahan
has committed, and friendship for Boyle,
he claims, prompted him to the making
of the first affidavit, which sets forth that
the jury which tried Patrick Boyle was
"fixed," and that his charge as set forth
in the affidavit was based on statements
made to him by John Frizzi, one of the
jurors. Frizzi, the affidavit states, told
Monahan that Boyle was to be "found
guilty in any event, whether the Jury felt
he was innocent or not."
District Attorney Mclsaac heard yester
day of the affidavit, which had been
sworn to before S. .W. Augustine, a no
tary public. At the same time: he discov
ered that Monahan had left town, and In
the capacity of piler would sail on yester
day's steamer lor -Honolulu.' Mclsaac dis
patched Constable -George Agnew after.
Monahan, armed wltlva warrant charging
the oiler with defrauding an innkeeper.
Monahan was brought back last night
and confronted with the facts of the ease,
weakened and made a second affidavit,
denying "in toto" all he had stated fn the
first. He also exonerates Frizzi from all
connection with it. He further states that
it is a fabrication made at , the instance
of James and M. F. Cochrane, the former
of whom Is Boyle's attorney. Cochrane,
when seen to-day, denied all knowledge
of the first affidavit, and says he will be
the first to prosecute Monahan for per
jury. District Attorney Mclsaac will
thresh the matter thoroughly, and sensa
tional developments may result.
On cross-examination, Culton said he
did not know of any list of State Sena
tors or Representatives who were to be
put out of the way.
On redirect examination, Culton said
that Sergeant at Arras Haley signed the
subpenaes for. ¦ witnesses for Governor
Tavlor to testify before, the Gubernato
rial Contest Committee, and" authorized
Culton to secure good men in the various
counties to serve them. Culton said he
did not know where Powers or Youtsey
was when the shot was fired. During the
last talk he had with Youtsey, the latter
said the plan to kill Goebel had been
abandoned. Culton had been asked by
Taylor to ascertain what the witnesses
In "the contest knew because he was a
lawyer. To the prosecution he said he
had told more now on the stand than to
any person, except his father. Here his
testimony ended.
Circuit Clerk Moore of Jackson County
denied that Culton had told him anything
about a plan to bring on a riot and kill
Goebel and other members of the Legis
lature.
Caleb Powers, who was at the confer
ence, telephoned to Governor Taylor at
Frankfort two or. three times in regard
to the conference.
He said, further, that at a conference
in Lexington the Sunday before Goebel
was shot it was decided that Represen
tative Henry Berry, who had been un
seated a few days before, should go to
the -House of Representatives next morn
ing and take his seat and refuse to give
it up. Van Meter, his opponent, -was to
be in some way prevented from going to
the hall that morning.
FRANKFORT. Ky., May 3.— W. H. Cul
ton resumed his testimony in the Goebel
murder investigation to-day. He stated
that Governor Taylor authorized the wit
ness to give Youtsey any amount of
money desired if he would leave Ken
tucky.
Kentucky's Executive Offered
Money to a Witness to
Leave the State.
GOVERNOR IS
CHARGED WITH A
GRAVE OFFENSE
Brown Chestnut, 3 years old, by G. "W. Johnson-Sophia Hardy.
LIEUTENANT GIBSON, THE KENTUCKY DERBY WINNER.
FATALITIES AT
SCOFIELD WERE
OVERESTIMATED
List of Dead Will Not Ex
ceed Two Hundred and
Fifty.
A joint committee of Odd Fellows and
Knights of Pythias spent the day among
the dead, identifying members of their
orders. They found about twenty of each
order among the dead. The school chil
dren of this city have gathered a car
load of .'flowers which wiir toe sent to Sco
field. Superintendent Welby having placed
a special car at the disposal of the 4»dies
for that purjjose. , k
Subscriptions for the relief of the suf
ferers are coming In from all over the
State and the total now amounts to $13,
000.
The special committee appointed by
Mayor Thompson yesterday to receive
subscriptions to the relief fund met to
day and organized by electing the follow
ing officers: Prtsident, J. E- Dooly; treas
urer. A. L. Thomas; secretary, William
Igleheart. • !
While the committee was in session A.
L. Thompson read a dispatch from Hon.
Henry Phillips of Pittsburg, in which he
expressed deen sorrow for the terrible
disaster and requesting that his name be
put down for $1(W. M. J. Grondersten &
Co. of San Francisco have also contrib
uted $100. *
John Kirton, one of the men brought
out of the mine alive, died to-day.
The body of Foreman Parmley was
found late this afternoon. It was ter
ribly mangled.
Lizzie Clark, who was reported to have
fallen dead at the feet ot" her mother yes
terday upon being informed of the death
of her brother, is still alive, but in a
precarious condition.
A funeral train with bodies of the dead
will leave Scofleld to-morrow morning,
stopping at Spanish Fork, Provo, Ameri
ican Fork, Salt Lake, Ogden, Coalvllle and
one body will go through to Springfield,
Ohio.
The body of Tom lirogdon of North
Lawrenee, Ohio, was located to-day in
mine No. 1. There are not enough coffins
in the camp to bury the dead, and to add
horror to the situation, the bodies are
rapidly decomposing, and it has been sug
gested that cremation may have to be re
sorted to. There are fifty bodies for which
no provision for burial has been made.
SALT LAKE. May 3.— The latest dis
patches from Scolield say that the ex
treme estimate of dead is now conceded
to have been too large and that it is num
erically impossible to place the Iofs of life
at 300, as there v.ere not that many men
in the mines. The probabilities are that
250 ¦will be about the total number of dead.
Relatives of the victims continue to ar
rive from all the surrounding towns.
CLASSIC DERBY
OF KENTUCKY IS
WON BY GIBSON
Leads His Field All the Way
and Lowers the Track
Record.
By His Splendid Showing the Worthy
Son of G. W. Johnson "Wins
tho Plaudits of a Vast
Throng.
NASHVILLE. May 3.— Weather cloudy;
track fast. Results:
Seven tattooes. Perclta won. Luna second
Bequeath third. Tiir.r. 1:29.
Four furlongs. ICthel Wheat won. Leila Barr
second, . Quern Dixon third. Time. :49%.
Mile and ¦evenly yards, the Country Club
rtake. Free Advice won. Chopin second Strang
est third. Ttmp. l:4T's.
Four and a half furionrs. BUI Massie won
Tony Lf^pinj s*-ror.d. Battus third. Time :Z6.
One and r *lxu-»mh miles, felling. Trimmer
won. Maldetcne second. False Lead third
Time. I:49i4.
Feven furlrnpi. BPllIn*. Lord Neville won,
Aurva second, Fre>- I«ady third. Time, 1:57^.
Results at Nashville.
At the Acueduct Track.
NEW YORK. May 2.— The Flushing
Bt~kes at a mile and a sixteenth was the
feature at Aqueduct to-day. Eight horses
went to the post In this event with Kris
Kringle the favorite at 6 to 2. Dan Rice
got to the turn Iirst and showed the way
up the back stretch, with Rare Perfume
and Maximo Gomez and th« others strung
out. The favorite was crowded out at
the start ar.d was next lo last, twelve
lengths behind the pacemaker. As they
rounded into the stretch there was a gen
eral closing up. Dan Rice began to tire
and Rare Ferlume took command, wiih
Kirst Whip at his saddle. It was a hard
drive to the finish between the two and
»he first named got the verdict by a head.
Kris K Ingle came with a rush in the
stretch and finished third, three lengths
p. way.
Four an-J a half furlongs, selling. Connie won.
I?-*en si-corid, William Ack third. Time,
:'~t 4-J.
Mile and twenty yard?, wiling. Emigre won,
Laudeman eecorid'. Winepress third. Time.
1:<» 1-5.
Five and a half furionrs. Lady Lindsay won,
Panforth second, Bonry Boy third. Time, 1 :CJ.
The i'luerlror stake, one and a sixteenth
miles. »»*!!inR. Hare Perfume won. Firet Whip
M-ennci. Kris Krinple third. Time. I:4S 3-5.
Af«o*jt s»ven furl«ncK. »• Uinp. Trunu>et won,
L.!ndula sfoor.d. Al Kike third. Time. 1:27 1-5.
Four er.'l a half furlones. Anecdote wen. The
Jade second. Anice third. Titne. :56 4-5.
One anil a quarter mllfs, the Kentucky Der
by. Lieutenant Gil son. 11" (Boland). 1 to 3
tr.d out. won; Florizar. 1£2 (Van Du*en). 4 to
1 ar.d 6 to 5. second: Thrive. 122 (Wlnkfield). 6
to 1. third. Time. 2M\. Highland Lad, Hi*
KxcellencY, Kentucky Farrr.w and Hindus fin
ished a* named.
Four furlonps. Sard won. The Auditor F^coud,
i-'am Lyer.E third. Time. :43.
Fix furlongf. f="l!lne. Grayleps won, Judge
¦\VardtII fei-nnd, Isahlnda third. Time, 1:14*4.
The public had barked Lieutenant Gib-
Fon to win. and cheer after che<=r went up
when Boland dismounted, and a wreath of
American Beauties was entwined about
the brown coifs neck. Results:
rive an4 a half furlonts. The Rush won.
Mr. Phinlzy •eeond. Charlie O'Brien third.
Tim*. 1:07.
1'our furlongs. Kthe! P^ce won. Queen Carni
val teoenrt. Fancy Wood third. Tlm«, :49.
One mile. i*»-::in£. Salvarez won. Lamachus
Uffor.A. Lord Zrnl third. Time. 1:42.
The positions remained practically the
t-ame as they traveled the iirst quarter,
except that Thrive moved up a little
i,.»UTer the front, while Lieutenant Gibson
had been st-r.t to the head ot the proces
fckm by Boland. When they reached the
tirgt (juarter after parsing the stand Lieu
tenant Gibson v as showing the way by
tum« three lengths, with Kentucky
Farmer second and His Excellency third.
It was evident from the very fall of the
Hag that Boland, on Lieutenant Gibson,
was to make a runaway race of it. At
the half Lieutenant Gibson was going
•with an even, steady stride, four lengths
in front of Highland Lad. who had moved
up to fec</nd place and who was a hetid
in. front of His KxeeiUncy, three, lengths
in front of Florizax, while Kentucky
Farmer, Thrive and Hindus were strung
out for a dozen lenpths in the order
named. As they rounded the upper turn
and came into the stretch Gibson had not
relinquished more than half a length.
FfeHizar was second, a length in front of
Highland Lad. his stable companion, with
Jiis Excellency fo'jrth.-
But little char.ge was made in the final
run except that Thrive moved up to third
place, while Highland L*d and His Ex^
tellency gave evidences of distress at the
killing pace which Gibson maintained to
the lir.ish, for the twer.ty-sixih Kentucky
derby ended as it began, in a procession,'
with Lieutenant Gibson at the head and
his field trajung. Gibson passed under
the wire winner by two. lengths of day
light, without having br-en touched, in the
sensational time of 2:06V 4 . Florlzar was
second, half a length in front of Thrive,
who was a. length in front of Highland
I^ad, while His Excellency, Kentucky
Farmer and Hlnrtus were strung out in
the order narr.»-d.
The crowd in attendance was tremen
touf. Everywhere — on sheds, fences and
4a fact every place that humanity could
l;nd a clinging place— was occupied. The
betting stand was one surging, moving
Xiiass cf humanity, and the bookies were
kept busy handling the bills which men
fairly fought to get placed. When the
t-ntrles were finally posted it was found
That Orontus and Ueneuier had been
scratched, leaving seven of the best colts
la the West to contend for the honor.
Kentucky Farmer, Lieutenant Gibson,
His Excellency. Highland Lad, Florizar.
Thrive and Hindus came out on the track
in the order named and each was in turn
cheered as he paraded in front of the
eland. Starter Chinn had but lltttle
tiouble in getting them away and there
vis a murmur from the 25,i«0U people pres
ent, and all eyes were fixed on the seven
colts as they came duwn to the stand.
\\ hen the bit of red bunting fell they
were all in motion and bunched closely,
¦with Kentucky Farmer a head the advan
tage over Lieutenant Gibson, who was
et-cond.
With sunshine overhead and a fast
track underfoot the day was auspicious
for a successful derby. The race Itself
was in some respects a disappointment.
The sensaticnal work in the trials of the
various candidates within the past v.-eck
had j^U'en rise to the belief that the raw
hide and sieol would be played vigorously
during th^ last eighth of the Journey
lii the lilg event. The promised finish
failed to materialize, for Lieutenant Gib
son was so far nigfertar to his fleld that
tht-y could not make a race of it.
TOITISVILLE. May 3.— Lieutenant
Gibson, the good son of G. W. Jonn
"i son, showed this afternoon that
| . the confidence placed in him by the
talent had b«en fully justified, for
he won th<? Twenty-sixth Kentucky
<J^rby as lie plca-sed, taking three-quar
ters of a eecond off the track record for
one and a Quarter miles.
Champion stake, 16 dogs— R. E. dn B. Lopez's
Crawford Lad vs. Harrigan & Wiegand's Over
time; Captain Cane's Greenhall vs. Lowe &
Thompson's King's Borderer; H. A. Deckel
man' p Rocker vs. Lowe & Thompson s St.
Oran- T. J. Cronln's Vandal vs. F. McComb's
Hot 'Haste; J. R. Smith's Sylvanus vs.
J Dean's Connemara; R. L. Taylor's Mose
vs. D. J. Healey's Slsquoc; J. Sutton's May
flower vs G. Whitney's Theron; Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Master Clalr vs. Curtis & Son's
McKinley. _ ;
Open stake, 80 dogs— J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot
vs W Creamer's Jesse Moore; Bartels Broth
era' Winning Style vs. Connell Brothers' St.
Helen; D. O'Connell'u Satan vs. S. Hanson's
Daisy Lawrenee; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence
vs 11 Lynch's Loiterer; Kay Brothers' Haw
ker vg D. Ford's Bonita; W. H. Carmichael's
Clan vs. Sterl & Knowles' Ripple: J. Ken
nedy's Wine West vs. H. Lynch's Lexington;
E M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe vs. W. C. G!as
son's Sleigh Bells; Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal vs. Connell Brothers' Green Isle; J. R.
Smith's Tetronius vs. Sterl & Knowles' Rusty
Gold: D. J. Healey's Lady Clare vs. D. Shan
non's Strand of Gold; Connell Brothers' Dun
more vs. M. Michtllki'B Glen Roy; P. M.
Clarkscn's Golden Garter vs. J. Potter's Remus;
D Toland's Twilight Jr. vs. J. Byrnes' Olym
pus; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Palmflower
vs. G. Sharman's Bowery Boy; Lowe & Thomp
son's Little. Kullerton vs. D. Dillon's Prince
Georre: G. W. Heintz' Rustic Beauty vs. J.
R. Smith's Jennie Wilson; E. M. KellogB's
Iowa Maid vs. J. Dean's Sweet Lips; S. Han
son's Long Shot Conley vs. J. Dean's Belle of
Anderson; Connell Brothers' Mamie Pleasant
vs J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson: H. A.
Deckelman's Flyaway vs. F. Mack's Delia M;
J. R. Smith's Magic vs. D. E. Wiley's High
Born Lady; J. McEnroe's Nor'west vs. Lande
& Gerber's Mount Ida: Sterl & Knowles' Ollta
vs. D. K. Carter's Joe Farrell; J. Flower's
Keystone vs. D. J. Healey's Nlcaslo; P.
Brophy's Benicla Boy vs. E. M. Kellogg> Iowa
Boy: D. K. Carter's Toddle C vs. T. J. Mc-
Hugh's Maid of the Mill: Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Miss Allen vs. J. McNeil's Pearl Mac:
Kay Brothers' Eclipse vs. Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Miss Cable; J. Moriarlty'a Snapper
Garrison vs. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl: M.
Walsh's Bendalong vs. Captain Cane's Miss
Penman: S. Handy' a Free and Easy vs. M. J.
Kelly's Ever Sure; J. R. Smith's Master Dav
enport vs. J." Byrnes' Battleship: D. J. Healey's
Maggie N vs. M. J. Kelly's Night Time: F.
McComn'B One Spot vs. J. Dean's Brllllantlne;
George Nethercott's Freda C vs. P. M. Clark
fon's Headwater: F. McComb's Motto .vs. P.
Horgan's Lucretla Borgia; M. Walsh's Mary
Jane vs. T. Sullivan's Castle Island Boy; J.
McNeil's Black Hawk vs. D. J. Healey's Marin;
N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony vs. M. Mlchiltkt's
Terrona. -
A champion stake of sixteen dogs and
an open stake of eighty forms the card
for the coursing to-morrow and Sunday at
Ingleslde. Coursing will commence on
Saturday at 12:30 and on Sunday at 11.
The champion stake will be run entirely
after luncheon on Sunday. The draw re
sulted as follows:
TWO STAKES THE CARD
AT INGLESIDE PARK
Second tie — Beer Brewer beat Firm F#e, 4—0;
Nellie Bawn beat Best Bargain. 8—1; Ripple
beat Betsy Barrow, 6—2; Glenroy beat Prince
G^ree. 4—3; Bonita beat Victor. 5—2; Rienzi
a bye: Delia M beat Motto, 4—0. '
Third tie— Beer Brewer, a bye: Glenroy beat
Ripple. 14— 10; Rienzi beat Bonita, 4—2; Delia
M. a bye.
Fourth tie— Beer Brewer beat Glenroy, S— 2;
Rienzi beat Delia M. 6—2.
Final— Rienzi beat Beer Brewer. 9—3.
First tie— Best Bargain beat Lady Norborne,
9—2; Beer Brewer beat Concord, 6— fl; Betsy
Barrow beat Jolly Rover. 1C— 2; Nellie Bawn
beat Morse Patrol, 5 — 4; Firm Foe beat Chal
lenger, 8—8; Ripple beat One Spot. 8 — 4; Prince
George beat Safeguard, 8—0; Glenroy beat
Blackhawk, 8—5; Bonlta boat Merry Maiden.
7_4 ; victor beat Banner Bright, 10—0; Rey
Del beat Warrior, 21—14; Rienzi beat Sleigh
bells. 7—1; Delia M beat Nellie G, 6—0; Motto
beat Sara Gold, !>— 3.
Midweek stake— Bartels Brothers' Best Bar
gain beat J. Herbsfs Revolver, 9—7; Bartels
Brothers" Beer Brewer beat J. Holloway's Brian
Boru. IS— 10; Bartela Brothers' Betsy Barrpw
beat Maher & Reid's Singleton. 22-7; W. N.
Hoag'a Lady Norborne beat J. R. Smith's
Lady Sears. 10—5; Lande & Gerber's Concord
beat J. Bonner's Bowery Boy, 8—7; D. Dillon's
Jolly Rover beat Farley Brothers' St. Casi
mlr, 21—7; Farley Brothers' Morse Patrol beat
H. Lynch's Game Cock, 4—2; Maher & Reid's
Nellie Bawn beat H. Lynch'B Clalrbourne,
14—3; M. Dillon's Challenger beat T. A. Gaflt
ney's False Flatterer, 7—3; A. L. Austin's Firm
Foe beat J. 1ft W. Mullers Mocorlta. 7—1;
Sterl & Knowles* Ripple beat E. Baumelster'a
Winning Ways. 6—2; F. A. McComb's One Spot
a bye; D. Dillon's Prince George beat James
Byrnes' Nellie B, 7— J; D. Shannon's Safeguard
beat M. Michillki's Terronite, 9—7; J. McNVH's
Black Hawk beat D. Shannon's Strand of Gold,
6—4; M. MlchlUkt's Glenroy beat A. A. Dun
can's lloyal Chief, 16—0; D. Ford's Bonita beat
M. Welch's Canyon, 14—0; F. Passon's Merry
Maiden beat T. J. McHugh's Maid of the Mill.
7—6; J. R. Smith's Victor beat J. Perry's Olga,
4—2; Bartels Brothers' Banner Bright a bye;
E Baumeister's Warrior beat H. A. Deckel
man's Morllla, 13—7; E. Bennett's Rey Del
beat J. Adams' Wild Lassie. 26 — I; W. C. Glas
son's Sleigh Bells beat M. Michillki's Terrona,
6—3; Lande & Gerber's Rienzi beat H. Lynch's
Emma M, 7—1; S. Mahoney's Nellie G beat
W C. Glasson's Santonin, 16—10; F. C. Mack's
Delia M beat H. Lynch's Loiterer. 8—0; F. P.
Clark's Sara Gold beat S. Handy's Free and
Easy, 5—2; F. McComb's Motto heat W. Cra
mer's Jesse Moore, 4 — 3.
Lady Norborne beat Lady Sears at 1 to
3 In a gruelling course. The latter dog
showed the speed, but was outworked on
a strong hare. Best Bargain beat Re
volver, 3 to 5; Betsy Barrow beat Single
ton, 1 to 2; Concord beat Bowery Boy, 1
to 2^; Challenger beat False Flatterer,
1 to 4; Merry Maiden beat Maid of the
Mill, 1 to 2V4s; Ripple beat One Spot, 1 to 3;
Bonlta beat Merry Maiden, 1 to 2Vz\ -Beer
Brewer beat Firm Foe, 3 to 6; Delia M
beat Motto, 3 to 5. Delia M got well down
in the finals, but her chances were killed
by the hard runs. Motto was in hard
luck. Her chances of the stake were
bright, but In the run down she was
forced to run two undecided coursea be
fore she could score against Jesse Moore.
Glenroy was in good form, but was beaten
in the fourth tie by the runner up.
Following are the day's results with
Judge P. J. Rellly's official scores:
Beer Brewer, the runner up, also show
ed In splendid form. In the run down he
beat Brian Boru after a long, tiard run.
The hares were a lively lot and gave
the hounds many long runs, and several
dogs were withdrawn from the stake on
that account.-
The winner ran in great form through
out the stake and was put to a hard test
on account of severe runs. Just previous
to the llnal, Rienzi beat Delia M after a
punishing no-go, In which the latter was
unsighted from the slips. A good test of
the winner's speed was shown in a bye
with Bad Hoy. Handicapped by hard
running, Rienzi lost after a severe course
by a score of 6 to 5. Bad Boy is consid
ered fast enough for any company.
L.ande & Gerber's Rienzi won the mid
week stake at Ingleslde Coursing Park
yesterday with Bartels Bros." Beer
Brewer as rutiner up.
Lively Hares Force the Hounds to
Hun Long Courses— Several
['. t Dogs Withdrawn After
*. Severe Runs.
Beats Beer Brewer in Final
After a No Go in the
Fourth Tie.
BY HARD WORK
RIENZI LANDS
MIDWEEK STAKE
THE SAN, FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1900.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. II. Esbert.)
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
4
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERYBACH, lawyer. 503 Cal., aunie bg.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYFS^ffl Shipplnir Butcher». 104
JAi- OUICOG V.U-, day. Tel Main 1294.
Fl^NTlXJ.
F C HflfiHF^ PRINTER.
*¦• v* nUUIICJ. 5U Sansome St., S. F.
STAT1ONB'4 ANO PWINTRV.
Tel c^e p 8 hlc PARTRIDGE ""SSSf" 1 *
COPPF.RMV11TH.
JOSEPH FOX,' Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
CW SMITH Sh| P PIumhlnK. Steamboat and
V t» • O .11 1 H. ship Work a specialty. 18 and
18 Washington at. Telephone Main 5641.
COAL. COK8 AND Pia IR3X
J C WI1 SON ft CO 900 Battery Street.
J-\r ntL3Ufl G UJ-, Telephone Main 1864.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
DIRECTORY
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails I
on Application.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. SSSPg^g
DIAMOND COAL MINING CX)., at Its GHEEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, la the Best Coal In the
market Offlc* and Yards—ISO Main etreal
Exclusively for th« Sunday
Call— Captain Fithian has
given a full account of the
cruise of the yacht Eover
through the South Seas and
has furnished rare photo-
graphs taken by himself as
illustration for the text. A
full page out Sunday, Hay 6.
• :;:• PAPRW DEALHR3.
Vi i AMFTTF PULP an(1 paper co..
-LLAUCilC 722 Montgomery st.
ADVSRTISI3IENTS.
I Let the'- big |
I store make |
I an estimate |
I on your • 1
| Alaskan outfit. |
I food, clothing |
I and uten^iSs.
1 ' Everything
p under one roof.
I Goods properly
I packed and del-
I ivered on time.
§L P OokUtnttulc BazaAr.'^J
I TEETH FILLEDj
S Absolutely Without Pain. S
gt Our offices are conveniently and slab- a
2 orately arranged with Private Operating Jl.
© Kooms for each patient, with all modern; 5!
9 appliances, and are the only dental par- w
A lors In San Frar.clsco that have the pat- Q
5 ent appliance and Ingredients to extract. jZ
™ fill and apply Kold and porcelain erowna. **
« warranted for ten years, without the Q
A least particle of pain. Gold, crowns and
X t»*th without plates. goM fllllnKs and z:
9 all other dental work dona painlessly V
I A and by specialists. &
• S TEETH EXTRACTED and flUert ab«>- g%
T: lutely without pain by our late scientific X
V method. No sleep-producing agents or *»
O cocaine. O
A In our GOLD CROWNS anil BRIDGE Q
J£ WORK, of which we ara maktns aSPE- X
© CIALTY. the most HKAUTIFUL. 9
© PAINLESS and DURABLE af all den- ©
fri tal work. known to the profession, you r%
X will find an example of the HIGHCST X
O ARTISTIC ATTAINMENT, the adapts- ©
O bility of which to the HYGIENIC con- O
© ditlona of the mouth ts unriupstlr.nfd. f\
5i Any work that should not prove satis- JJ
J* factory will be att<?ndt>d to, without ™
© charge, at our nearest offlc». O
n You may have your TEETH OUT IN A
OTHE MORNING and ko home with Jri
~ NEW ONES THE SAME DAY. JJ
9 NO CHARGE for painless extraction ©
0 when teeth are ordered. All work dona Q
gi by graduate dentists of 12 to 20 years' m\
a experience; a specialist In each depart- 2T
• ment. We will tell you in advance ex- *»
0 actly what your work will cost by a Q
(A free examination. Give us a rail ar.d A
! m you will find we do exactly as we adver- 2?
• Gold Crswns. $5; Full Set Teetb, ®
2 $5: BrldgeworK. $5: Gold FUtlngs. g
J $1 up: Silver Fillings. ECc. 5
% fiU PLATES f|^5^ 2
©New York Dental Parlors, S
q 723 Market St., Saa Prancisooi " : .S..
At MAIN OFFICE — : X
7; FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS. 5?
w PORTLAND. OR. . O
o • • . - •;•©
v Specialists for Men.
731 Market St., S. F.
A visit OR JORDAN'S crcat^
{flUSEOS OF AHJITO«y#
6 ® 1: - 1 Ki2S2T ST. Ui. tlkTX CtZzL $
\ The Lar^--it Anatomical Museum to the V
ff -L.JLy^' Woild. WeaK3«s« or »ny tontritted. §
X ] te 2*3 ¦ disease p««illlw*iy «in< hy.UVe oldiii Y
fj , S £J Speui.iitcu the Coait £st.36y%!rv -^
£ ft&F'h 03. JOSOAH-PRrf ATE DISEASES
\ P^SyJ^? Co.nultation frw; and strictly ptrra^. \
n 3 iS''!? !\ Tr» i-Tiicnt penonafly n» by (rttcr. A«
T fi y \l I f**.tn» Cvreia every case undertaken. \
d F 'I 111 i Wntefor B ok. P3H.OH4IVHY.ri
9 A I* X^UBIAUK, -'MAltBOr PKHi i AT
X n jL valuable book lot tarn) ..-. '¦¦-.¦ . ¦ \
7 DR JURDA31 A «'O . 10M Market St_.S. r. 9
f DR.PIERCE« a ;
GOLilEM
MEDICAL . .
Q sLr %f Emm* H m iS
FOR THE
I B LOOP. L3VER. LUNGS.
REYNOLD'S \
Goutor Rheumatism, if on the firstapproarh
01 the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy ; then, a ainfjhs dose is olten tafflcient.
V- >oti;En-\ a co.. v:u.ao .vwniiuiu st-.v. x.
«*?y In 1 to J 4»7i. » bitc3. noQitari! lia.-
8fju§ O=ar»at«.l g f!!argf<, or aay in3.--ma.
SM»1 not to «-1«"irj. tlon, .irritation or u^er*.
|^-J?ri»tc.» ooaujioa. tlon of nooons Bit*'
gy#^THEEvt'<3 Choiwm Co. f>ra.nta. Non-*itrin»-cuU
%ag8v:iNai«ii»Ti.o . tesaj *° Id *»•» Osm»n:t!»u.
1A/. T. HESS.
HCTART PC3LI3 ANJ ATTUB2tET-AT-IiAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. CUus Spreckels Bids.
. Telephone Brown 13L
Residence. 821 California «.. below Powell.
Ean Francisco. ' -
&CO.^g?^
K J
Weekly Call,$1.00 per YearClass 153— Toy terriers (other than York
shire), open dogs and bitches, under seven
pounds— First. Muggins, Mrs. W. A. Burns.
JAPANESE SPAXIELS.
Class 134— Japanese spaniels, open, dogs —
TOY TERRIERS.
Class 14S — Yorkshire terriers, limit. dogs-
First. Little Joker. E. Attridge.
Class 149 — Yorkshire terriers, open, dogs —
First, Little Joker. E. Attrldge.
Class 150 — Yorkshire terriers, puppy. bitches-
First. Xeta. W. P. Feeny.
Class 151— Yorkshire terriers, limit, bitches-
First, Gypsy, E. Attrldge.
Class 152— Yorkshire terriers, open bitches-
First. Gypsy. E. Attridge.
Class U2A— Yorkshire terriers, winners dogs —
First. Little Joker. E. Attridge; reserve. Duke
of York, Mrs. E. B. Grace.
Class 152 B— Yorkshire terriers. winners,
bitches— First. Gypsy, E. * Attrldge; reserve,
Xeta, W. P. Feeny.
have been injured Internally or that his
spine has been hurt. .The latest: report
last night'w8s that he was resting easily
and .was in- no apparent danger. He was
taken to St, Mary'3 Hospital. •
ejjy* FIRE at S29 Sutter street yesterday
/l_\ afternoon nearly cost the life of
jr. — \ George II. O'Neill, who for twenty
; years has been a faithful member
of truck 4. He plunged down a light well
and injured himself so severely that at
one time his life was despaired of.
The lire was in a three-story frame
building situated near the corner of Sut
ter and Leaven worth streets, occupied as
a laundry by M, Lacaze. A defective flue
caused a blaze, and truck 4 with Its men
responded to. the alarm. It was a bad fire
to work at, and O'Neill was sent on the
roof with some; of his comrades to cut a
hole near the wall so as to allow a stream
to enter and drown out the fire just be
low. It was supposed that the fire had by
that time been driven to the basement,
and the stream to be turned in from the
roof was a precautionary measure. When
O'Neill cut through, the roof smoke and
flames leaped out through the hole and he
was almost smothered. He, was working
close to a light well, but when the smoke
poured ; out it hid everything from his
view, and he stepped back quickly to
avoid the flames that followed. All would
have been well .but for a telephone wire
that ran close to the roof and lust along
the edge of the light shaft. Over this the
unfortunate fireman tripped and in an in
stant he disappeared down the shaft. It
was two stories, to the bottom,. a fall of
nearly forty feet; sind the fireman struck
on the hard pavement that formed * the
floor of the well. ! As he . lay unconscious
it was supposed that he was dead, but he
began to recover fjuickly; and he came to
himself again at the Receiving Hospital.
His leg' Is badly; broken, his- abdomen Is
ruptured and it is still feared that he may
FELL TWO STORIES
DOWN A LIGHT WELL
Oakside Tremont. Mrs. H. H. Carlton; second,
Sly W, H. C. Piilsbury.
Class 121 — Boston terriers, limit, bitches —
First. Lady Montez, Mrs. J. P. Norman.
Class 122 — Boston terriers, op?n. bitches —
First. Lady Montez, Mrs. J. P. Norman.
Class 122A— Boston terriers, winners, dogs-
First. Oakside Tremont. Mrs. II. H. Carlton;
reserve. Sly W. H. C. Piilsbury.'
Class 122B — Boston terriers, winners, bitches —
First. Lady Montez. Mrs. J. P. Norman.
Class 135 — Fox terriers, wire-haired, puppy,
dogs and bitches— First, Fernwood Vera, Robert
Armstrong.
Class 13S— Fox terriers, wire-haired, limit,
dogs and bitches — Third, Dewey, George A.
Pope (first and second withheld).
Class 137 — Fox terriers, wire-haired, open,
degs and bitches— Third. Dewey, George A.
Pope.
IRISH TERPJERS.
Class 13S— Irish terriers, puppy, degs and
bitches— First. Galtee More, Thomas Howard.
Class 139 — Irish terriers. limit, dogs and
bitches — First. Barney F, E. Courtney.
Class HO — Irish terriers, open, dogs and
bitches— First, Barney F, E. Courtney: second,
Saanlch Mlxlt. Mrs. G. Bradley-Dyne; third.
Exile of Erin. W. S. Kittle.
Class 140A — Irish terriers, winners, dogs and
bitches — First. Galtee More. Thomas Howard;
reserve, Barney F. E. Courtney.
SKYE TERRIERS.
Class 141— Skye terriers, open, dogs and
bitches— First, Gyp, Miss Bertie Bruce; reserve.
Brownie, Miss Bertie Bruce.
SCOTTISH TERRIERS.
Class 142 — Scottish terriers, open, dogs— First,
Fighting Mac, Mrs. G. Bradley-Dyne.
CIas3 M3— Scottish terriers, open, bitches —
First, Scotty O'Brae, Mrs. G. Bradley-Dyne.
PUGS.
Class 144— Pugs, dogs— First, Irishman, P. H.
Meyer.
Class 144A— Pugs, winners, dogs— First, Irish
man, P. H. Meyer.
POMMERANIAN.
Claes 145 — Pommeranlan, open, dogs and
bitches— First. Captain. Gibson McConnell; sec
ond, Nicholas I, Leon Ducrolx.
YORKSHIRE TERRIERS. ;
Class 146— Yorkshire terriers, puppy, dogs-
First, Nig S. Miss Maud Schweslnger.
Class 147— Yorkshire terriers, novice. dogs-
First, Duke of York. Mrs. E. B. Grace; second.
Jack. Charles F. Moller.
Class 119 — Boston terriers, novice, dogs — First,
Sly W. H. D. Piilsbury. ¦ —
Class 120— Boston terriers, limit, dogs— First.
BOSTON TERRIERS,
Class 127— Fox terriers, smooth coated, pup
pies, dogs— First, Warren Clerk, Powhattan
kennels: second, Intrepid, N. H. Hickman;
third. Vivacity. W. J. Foster: V. H. C, Rus
sell Sage. Charles K. Harley; H. C. T. H. w.
Jr.. California Jockey Club kennels.
Class 12!i — Fox terriers, smooth coated, novice,
d OKS _First, Warren Clerk, Powhattan kennels:
pecond RusfoII Sage. Charles K. Harley; third.
Inquisitor, N. H. Hlckman; reserve. Golden
Dandv, Joseph MeLatchle; V. H. C, Sweet
William, G. L. Waring; II. C, Bounclier. R. E.
tie B. Lopez; C. Tick, Dr. L. Greenbaum; C.,
Scorcher. 1). Shannon.
Class 1*9— Fox terriers, smooth coated, limit.
dogs—First, The Legnard. George Bell; second,
Aldon Swagger. J. B. Martin; third, Cairns
nmir Doctor, Powhattan kennels; reserve, Al
don Artist. G. J. M. E. d'Aquln; V. II. C,
Sweet William, G. L. Waring. '
Class 130 — Fox terriers, smooth coated, open,
dcrp— Fir«t, The Lesnard. George Bell; second.
Golden Flash II. J. B. Martin; third. Cairns
rnulr Doctor, rowhattan kennels: reserve, Al
don Artist. G. J. M. E. d'Aquln: V. H. C,
Sweet William. G. L. Waring; H. C, imp.
Rex D, J. H. Debbern.
Class 134A— Fox terriers, winners, dogs— First,
Warren CUrk, Powhattan kennels; reserve. The
Legnard, Georee Bell.
Class 131— Fox terriers, smooth coated, puppy,
bitches— First, Nuisance, Mrs. Charles E. Tur
ner- second. Sappho, Charles K. Harley; third,
Mice N, California Jockey Club kennels.
Class 132— Fox terriers, smooth coated, novice,
hitches First, Dottle. J. B. Martin; second.
Elmwood Vassar, N. H. Hlckman; third. Lady
Musk Georce Bell; V. H. C, Warren Tattle.
Powhattan kennels; H. C, Sappho. Charles K.
Harley; H. C, Veraacitat, William Haley; H.
C. Surety, G. L. Waring.
Class 133 — Fox terriers, smooth coated, limit,
bitches — First. Warren Supple. X. H. Hickman ;
second. Lady Musk, George Bell; third, Golden
Sunshine. J. B. Martin; V. H. C, Warren Tat
tle. Powhattan kenne'.s.
Class 13* — Fox terrier?, smooth coated,- open,
bitches— First, Warren Supple, N. H. Hlckman:
second. Lady Musk. George Bell; third. Golden
Restless, Mrs. E. M. Simpson.
Class 134B — Fox terriers, winners, bitches —
First, Dottle, J. B. Martin; reserve. Warren
Supple, N. II. Hickman.
FOX TERRIERS.
bitches— First, Rex M. Walter S. Martin; re
serve, Amsel. Walter S. Martin.
Claps 5.G— Cocker spaniel*. black. novice,
bitches, not ever 2S pounds — First. Sweetheart's
First, Mrs. J. P. Attkin; second, Nellie Ab
bott, Teasle Downe kcnnWs; third, Queenie
Silk, Pine Hill kennels: reserve, Vera, Mrs.
Herman Eisner; V. H. C. Powhattan Tootsie,
Mr?. H. G. Hpr.tolrisht; II. C.. Alma Peggie.
C. K. Melrwe; H. C. Dc-t. James A. White J
C, Nellie. William Hegemsuin; C, Buddy
Mrs. F. Brooke.
Class 87— Cocker spaniels, black, limit,
hitches, nut over 2S pounds— First, Mona II,
Mrs. J. Pi Atkin; second Bonita Babe, Teasle
Down kennels; third. Omo Girl, Plumeria
CccUer kennels; V. H. C, Queenie Silk, Pine
Hill kennels: H. C. Alma Peggie. C. K. Mel
rosc; C Buddy, Mrs. F. Brooks.
Class SS — Cocker spaniels, black, open, bitches,
not over 2S pounds— Firm. Champion 1'rincers
Klavla, Mrs. VV. C. Ralston; second, Mona II,
Mr?. J. P. Atkin; third, Umo Girl. Plumeria
Cccker kennela; V. II. C. Queenie Silk, 1'ine
Hill kennels.
Cla^s SSJi — Cocker spaniels, winners, bitches —
First, Champion Princes* Flavla. Mrs. W. C.
Italston; reserve. Mona II, Mrs. J. P. Atkin;
Clar.s S3— Cocker spaniels, other than black,
puppy, dofrs. not over 2S pounds— First. Hamp
ton Goldie. Plumeria Cocker kennels: second,'
Duke of Oakside. Oakside kennels: third, Oak
land Knap. A. Mayer. •
Class L'O — Cocker spaniels, wincr :u»n Slack,
Clans S5 — Cocker spaniels. black. puppies,
bitches, not over 2S pounds— First, Floss Silk,
Pine Hill kennels: second. Lady Babble, A.
Edwards; third, Powhuttan Lou, Mrs. H. G.
Hemmelright: V. H. C, Dto, Redwood Cocker
kennels: V. H. C. B<>?s. J. W. Roe; reserve.
Lady Mac-duff. Mits Rose Russell.
Cla«s f'SA— Cocker tpanlols, winners, dogs—
Flirt, Du/ferin Pastime, Redwood Cocker ken
nels; reserve. Hampton Promise, Mrs. W. C.
Balaton.
Class 84— Cocker spaniels, black, open, dogs
not over 2S pounds— First. rjuJTerin Pastime,
Redwood Cocker Kennels; second. Champion
Vif count. Plum-ria Cocker kennels; third,
Hampton I'rom^e. Mrs. W. C. Ralston; V It
C. Guy Filk, Pine Hill kennels.
Class SI— Cocker spaniels, biack puppy, dogs
not over 28 pounds— First, Oom Paul, Redwood
Cocker kennels; tecond, Sycamore, Miss L. M.
Andrews; third. Pine Hill Cuckoo*, Pine Hill
kenncle; V. H. C, Geof, Fred Lake.
Class K— Cocker spaniels, black, novice dogs
net over IS pounds— First. Hampton Promise,
Mrs. W. C. Italston; socond, Bab, Mrs. Arthur
Whitney.
Class S3— Cocker spaniels, black,, limit, dogs,
not over 28 pounds— Ffrst Hampton Promise,
Mrs. W. C. Kalrton; H. C, Little Black, C.
Leonard.
COCKER SPAXIELS
Class 7»— Field Fpaniels, limit, dogs and
bitches— First. Royd Monarch III. XT. S. Kittle.
Class «<>— Field spaniels, open, dogs and
bltrhes-Flrst. R"yd Monarch HI. W. S. Kittle.
Class gOA— Field spaniels, wlnr.ers, dogs and
bitches— First, Royd Monarch III. W. S. Kit
tle.
Class 78— Field Spaniels, puppy dogs and
bitche*— Third. Lamolle. Mrs. D. H. Hogan.
Field Fpaniele, novice, dogs and bitches-
Third, Lamolle, Mrs. D. II. Hozan.
FIELD SPAXIELS.
Class 78— Irish water spaniels, winners, dogs
and bitches— First, Champion Dan Malonev
W. H. Williams; reserve, Dennis C, A. T. Leon
ard.
Class 73 — Irish -water spaniels, novice, dogs
and bitches— Third, Phil Roche. W. H. Wil
liams. (First and second withheld.)
Class 74— Irish water fnaniels, limit. dogs-
First. Champion Dan Maloney. W. II. Wil
liams: second, Dennis C A. T. Leonard; third.
Kid Maloney. W. H. Williams.
Class 76 — Irish water spanie^. limit,, bitches —
First, Fanny Marsh. W. H. "Villlams.
Class 77— Irif-h water spaniels, upen, bitches-
First. Belle Marsh. W. H. Williams.
IRISH WATER SPANIELS
GORDON SETTERS
Cla«=«< 6S — Gordon setters, novice, dogs and
bltch»s — First, Pitt! Sing, Charles H. Prince;
second. Sport S, John StelllnR.
Clat=s W— Gordon setters, limit, dogs and
bitch»s— Fim, Bruc«\ Thomas Russell: second,
Major II, N. H. Hlckman; third, Lufra, Mrs.
J. L. Woodward.
Class 70 — Gordon fitters, open. dogs and
twitches— First, Crackerjack. Ixiuis D. Ehret :
Ff-cond, Dick III, Frederick A. Elliott; third.
Major II. N. H. Hlckman.
Class 70A— Gordon setters, winners, dogs and
bitches— First. Bruce. Thomas Russell; reserve,
Crackerjack. Ix>uis D. Ehret.
FIELD TRIAL CLASS.
Class 71— Field trial class, dogs— First, Sena
tor P, J. W. Flynn; second. Cuba of Kenwood,
Stockdale kennels; third,. Sam's Bow, Stock
dale kennels; V. H. C, Buck of Kent, Lucas &
Chute.
Claps 72 — Field trial class, bitches— First,
Lady C. A. F. Colvln; second. Champion Silver
Plate, Lucas & Chute; third, Nellie Wilson,
Stockdale kennels; V, II. C. Verona Cash,
A. Decourtleux.
Class C7— Irish setters, cpen, bitches— First.
Queen Fess II. Duval Moore: second. Cham
pion Lightning. Elcho kennels.
Class 67B— Irish setters, winner?. bitches-
First, Lady Swiveler, Elcho kennels; reserve.
Queen Bess II. Duval Moore.
IRISH SETTERS.
Class ftV- Irish Fetter?, puppy, dogs— First,
Joe Jefferson, James F. Keliy.
Class Cl— Irish setters, novices, dogs— First,
Mac's Rory. P. J. McCormick; second. Pilot
B. T. A. Lane.
Clase €2— Iris=h setters, limit, dogs— First,
Mike Swlveler, Elcho kennels.
Class 63— Irish setters, onen. dogs— First,
Champion Nemo II, Elcho kennels.
CJan- 67A— Irish Fetters, winners, dogs— First,
Champion Nemo II. Elcho kennels: reserve,
Mike Swlveler. Elrho kennels.
Class Gi— Irish setters, puppies, bitches— First,
Lady R^wena. Mit-s M. J. Kelley.
Class 6."— Irish setter?, novices, bitches— First.
Lcdy Josie II. Howard Black; second, Laay
Melba David M. Stanley.
Class CG — Irish setters, limit, bitches— First.
Lady Swiveler. Elcho kennels; second. Queen
Bess II. Duval Moore; third. Lady Josie II,
Howard Black.
IRISH SETTERS,
Class £3— English setters, novice, dogs— First,
Dewey, Charles Easton; second. Rex Jr., B. K.
Smith: third. Dash. Herman Eisner.
Class r.4— Enslish setters, limit, dogs— First,
Merry Monarch, Robert Oxnard; second. Duk«
of Furneas, Harry M. Nixon; third, Durid
Gladstone, Elcho kennels.
Class SS — Enellsh setters, open, dogs — First.
Merry Monarch. Robert Oxnard; second. Monk
of Frisco, George Walker.
Class E9— Encll'h setters, winners, dogs-
First, Merry Monarch. Robert Oxnard; re
serve, Joe Cummins, S. Chrlstenson.
Class £6 — English setters, puppy, bitches —
First. Queen, Fred Braemer; second. Belle C,
X. Botto.
Class 57— English setters, novice. bitches-
First. Maggie F, P. D. Linville; second, Clat
pop Queen. Fred Davidson: third, Diana H,
William Hall; V. H. C. Madge, James Bell;
C Cad II. H. E. E. Robinson.
Class ES— English setters. "limit, bitches— First,
Fanny Gladstone T, Elcho kennels; second.
Ixweknot. P. D. Linville: third. Clatsop
Queen, Fred Davidson.
Class 5S»— English setters, open, bitches— First,
Flora W, Phil Wand; second. Bell, Thomas R.
Dlxon: third. Queenie. Biggs & Fisher; V. H.
C. Clatsop Queen, Fred Davidson; V. H. C,
Verona Cash. A. Decourtleux; H. C. Daisy
Belle. J. Young.
Class .'SB— English setters, winners, bitches—
First, Fanny Gladstone T. Elcho kennels; re
serve. Loveknot, 1'. D. Linville'.
Class 123— Dachschunde. puppy, dogs and
bitches— First. Snook, Walter S. Martin: sec
ond, M!no. Dr. Edwin Kunnell; third, Nina
Dr. Edwin Bunnell. *. . ,. :
Class 121— Dachshunde, novices, docs and
bitches— First, Doc. Mrs. H. V. Yorke; second,
Fraulein, Dr. Edwin Bunnell; third. Gecko
Alex H. Mindt; H. C, Osoa. Dr. Edwin Bun
nell; C. Hans. F. D. Madison.
Class 123 — DachshumJe, . limit, docs and
bitches— First, Rex M, Walter S. -Martin; sec
ond, A meel, Walter S. Martin; third, Helga,
Dr. Edwin Bunnell: reserved. Waldine Frau,
Walter S,. Martin; V. H. C, Gretchen,, Dr. Ed
win Bunnell.
Class 12&— Dachshunde. op«n, dogB and bitches
—First. Rex M. Walter S. Martin: second. Am
gel. Walter S. Martin;: third, Helsra. Dr. Ed
win Bunnell: V. II. C. Fritz, J. B. Relnhardt.
Class 126A — Dachshunde. winners, doss and
DACHSHUNDE.
Cla*s 117— Bull terriers. limit. bitches 30
pounds and tinder — First. Daisy Harper, H J
Bross; second. Marfc Harper. Alex Hyde
Class US— Bull terriers, open, bitches— First
I^ady Venom, Dr. H. L. Tevis: second, Wood
cote Queen, Fay & Gleaponls kennels; third
Richmond^ Lassie. Joseph T,' Cooney; V. H. c
Mnslc Harper. Al Hyde.
Clas<s 118A— Winners, bitches, bull terriers—
First. Lady Venom. Dr. H. L. Tevis : reserve,
Woodcote Queen. Fay & Gleason's kennels.
Class 114— Bull terrier, pupny,' bltches^-First,
Beauty R, George Rudolph; second, Daisy Ven
om, H. J. Brees.
Class 115— Hull terriers, novice, bitches— First,
Lady Venom, Dr. H. L. Tevls; second, Gypsy
Queen, J. W. Thrasher; third. Trilby II, J. v.
Spreckela.
Class 116— Bull terriers, limit, bitches, over
30 pounds — First, Lady Venom. Dr. H L
Tevis; second Woodcote Queen, Fay & Glr-assn's
kennels; third/Richmond Lansie, JoseDh T
Cooney: reserve. Hornet, John Tate; V. H. c.!
Lily, Samuel Wheeland; H. C, Ribs, A Del
low; H. C-. Grace Venom, H. J. Bross.
Class 113A— Bull Terriers, winners, . dogs-
First, Banjo, T. K. James; reserve, Woodcote
Venom II. S. Christem?on.
Class 10!) — Bull Terriers, puppies, doss — First
Woodcote Prince, H. J. Bross; second, Vag'
John I. Sparrow; third, Jerry R, Miss Beatrice
E. RuesjII; V. II. C, Rufus, Miss L. N, Uol
ton; H. C, Sancho, T. F. Kennedy; H. C,
Lucifer, Richard H. Rountree.
Class 110 — Bull Terriers, novice, dogs — First,
Woodcote Venom, S. Chrlstenson; second,
Woodcote Prince, H. J. Bross; third, Rudyard,
John Tatt; reserve, Admiral, W. J. II. White 1
V. H. C. Dick Haiper, Mrs. A. Martin; H. C,
Woodcote Duke, William Strand; II. C, Cap
tain C, W. F. Wattson; H. C, Rowdy, Harry
N. Gray; C. Terry McGovern. Leon S. Green
baum; C. Hector, J. D. Spreckels.
Class 111— Bull Terriers, limit, dogs, over 33
pounds— First. Wocdcote Venom II, S. Chris
tensen; second. Admiral, \V. J, H. White;
third, Teddy Roosevelt, Byron Erkcnbecker;
V. H. C. Rastuo, John Talt; V. II. C, Imp.
Bloomsbury Baron, Albert Joseph; H. C, Hec
tor, J. D. Spreckels; H. C, Royal Venom, Fay
& Gleaeon kennels; H. C., Woodcote Duke
AVilllam Strand. '
Class 112— Bull Terriers, limit, dogs, 35 pounds
and under— First. Banjo, T. K. James; second,
Woodcote Prince, H. J. Bross; third, Terry
McGovern, Leon S. Greenbaum.
Class 113— Bull Terriers, open, dogs — First,
Banjo. T. K. James; second, Woodcote Venom
II, S. Chrlstenwon; third, Woodcote Prince, H
J. Bross; V. H. C, Teddy Roosevelt, Byrori
Erkftibrecker; H. C, Hector, J. D. Spreckels"
II. C. Sam, Charles Newman.
BULL TERRIERS.
Class 1C6 — Bulldogs, novices, dogs and bitches
—First, Harry I-ac-y, Leon S. Greenbaum; sec
ond, Shane C, John M. Coleman.
Class 107— Bulldogs, limit, dogs and bitches—
First, Harry Lacy, Leon Greenbaum; second,
St. Lithan's Ruler, Herman Scheilauer.
Class 108— Bulldogs, open, dogs and bitches-
First. Harry I-acy, Leon S. Greenbaum; sec
ond. St. Lithan's Ruler, Herman Scheffauer.
Class 10SA— Bulldogs, winners, dogs and
bitches— First, Harry Lacy, Leon S. Green
baum; reserve, St. Lithan's Huler, Herman
SchefCauer.
BULLDOGS,
Class 105B— Collies, winners, bitches— First
Heather Molly, Verona kennels; reserve. Ad
mirals Sunset, Winters Collie kennels.
Class 10S— Collies, open, bitches— First,
Heather Molly, Verona kennels; second, Verona
Moonlight. Verona kennels; third. Lady Or
inond*-. Mrs. F. I'.altzer.
Class yy — Collies, novice, dogs — First. Verona
Battle, Verona kemnels; second. Braw Scott
Jr., Winters Collie kennels; third, Ormskirk
Chromo. F. A. Rowgell; V. H. C, Scott, John
I. Sparrow; H. C.. Dlomed. Caesar Young.
Class I'M— Colics, limit, doss— First Verona
Battle. Verona kennels; second. Verona Broker
J. L. Eppin^er; third, Ormskirk Harry, S a'
Sharp; H. C, Diomed,. Cae.sar Young
Class 100— Collies, limit, dogs— First, Verona
Battle, Verona kenn-ls; second, Verona Broker
J. L. Epptnser: third. Ormskirk Harry S A*
Sharp; V. H. C, Verona Braw Scott, Verona
kennels; H. C. Dlomed, Caesar Younsr.
Class 10;.A— Collies, winners, do«8 First
Verona Battle, Verona kennels; reserve, Verona.
Broker, J. L. Eppinger.
Class 102— Collies, puppies, bitches— First
Admiral s Sunset, Winters Collie kennela
fer-ond. Bright Eyes, Winters Collie kennels
Class 103— Collies, novices. bitches— First
Verona Moonlight. Verona kennels; second*
Bell Bonninston, Winters Collie kennels.
Class 104— Collie?, limit. bitches— First
Verona Moonlight, Verona kennels.
COLLIES.
Class OS— Collies, puppies, dogs— First, Old
Hall Cantain. Fred Baltzer; second. Arnotfs
Rover. James Arnott.
DALMATIAN'S.
Class 97— Dalmatians, open, dogs and bitches
—First. Hector, Dr. W. F. JlcNutt; second.
Pedro, A. de Courtleux; third. Spot Dalmatian,
George K. Bew.
Class S6B — Cocker spaniels, not over 2S pounds,
winners, bitches— First, La Paloma. Redwood
Cocker kennels; reserve. Tootsy W, Redwood
Cocker kennels.
Class 96A — Cocker spaniels, other than black,
winners, dog?— First, Thornhtll lied Fire,
Thornhill kennels; reserve, Colorado, Kedwood
Cocker kennels.
Class 93— Cocker spaniels, other than black,
puppies, bitches, not over 2S pounds— First,
Little Dorritt, A. Kdwards; second, California,
Mrs. Thomas H. Browne; third, McCoy's
Daughter. Henry S. Brown.
Class 94 — Cocker spaniels, other than black,
novice, bitches, not over 2S pounds — First. La
Paloma. Kedwood Cocker kennels; second. Vis
countess, E. G. Schmiedell; third, Sycamore
Oro, Miss M. L. Andrews; V. II. C. Plumeria
Surprise. Plumeria Cocker kennels; H. C. Ruby
Trip. D. C. Brown; II. C, Florence. Theodore
J. Fish.
Class 95— Cocker spaniels, other than biack,
limit, bitches, net over 28 pounds— First, Red
wood Virey. Redwood Cocker kennels; second,
Thornhill Nugget, Thornhill kennels; third,
Plumeria Fancy, Plumeria Cocker kennels.
Class 06— Cocker spaniels, other than black.
Open, bitches, not over 2S pounds— First. Vis
countess, E. G. Schmiedell; second. Tootsy W,
Redwood Cocker kennels; third, Plumeria
Fancy, Plumeria Cocker kennels.
Class S2— Cocker spaniels, other than black,
open, dogs, not over 23 pounds — First. Thornhill
Ued, Thornhill kennels; second. Colorado. Ked
wood Cocker kennels; third, Hampton Goldie,
Plumerla Cocker kennels; H. C, Chan Toey,
E. G. Schmiedell.
Class 91— Cocker spaniels, other than black,
limit, dogs, not over 2S pounds— First, Hamp
ton Goldie, Plumeria Cucker kennels.
novice, dogs, not over 2S pounds— First, Hamp
ton Goldie. Plumerla Cocker kennels; M. C,
Oakside Viscount, Mrs. B. Clark.
Some of the Aristocratic Prize Winners at the Canine Exhibition.
ENGLISH SETTERS.
Class " — Knglish setters, puppy, dog^— First,
T oe Curr.mir.K, S. Chrlstenson; second. Ilerr
Pchott F D. Taft: third. Buck-aa. William
Ftege: V. H. C, Ouke. T. R. Dlxon; V. H. C.
I>a:i. George J. I>uprey; H. C. Captain, J. I*.
Mears.
e—. |j-^ HE attendance at the deg show yes
1 terday afternoon -was fully as large
U as on the opening -day and the de
cisions of the judge were generally
applauded.
Of aJl the sensations that were ever ;
sprung In a San Francisco bench show
the greatest was that sprung by Judse
Mortimer last night in the bull-terrier
class whpn the great English crack,
IJloomsbury Baron, was sent out of th«
ring by the judge without notice. It em
phasizes the confidence felt by exhibitors
In the wisdom and Integrity of the Judge's
decisions that Albert Josephs, the Baron's
owner, expressed himself as satisfied
that Mr. Mortimer rendered the decision
according to his best light. In fact. It
may be safely stated that winners and
locsers alike had less complaint to make
of the way In which their pets were placed
than has ever before been experienced.
Following Is a complete list of yester
day's awards:
DOGS OF HIGH DEGREE DRAW
CROWDS TO BENCH SHOW
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1900.
ITALIAN GUEYHOUNDS.' ': : .j . :
Class 1'6— Italian Rrfffhounds, puppy dogs and
bitches— First. Tessa. Mrs. W. A. Deane-'" -• ."': '.
Class 137— Italian ceyhounds. op*n. dogs-r^
First, Pop, M.-s. W. A. Deane. V ¦' -. .. , ,
Class 158— Italian jjreyhoundi?, open bitchesT-'
First, Qupenie. Mrs. \V. a. Deape^ '•. ¦' . •]
Class 1,'9 — Chow Chow, '.cpen, doga-aad'
bitches— First. Chaw. Edward Tucker.. •¦ ..
Class ICO — Ksqiiiaiaux. open.! <iogs:. ani
bltches — First. NusnHs. HaroJd R. JJl-owtlf. . ¦ .
Class lfil — il'scellasneous. open, .do^s and- :
bitches— First, Tiny (Pekinese spaniel), -. E.- ti.-
Dalton; second, TV>re*hy of Blenheim fBlenheiri'
ppanlel). N. J. Stewart; third; Ting How (Pe-\
kinese spaniel). E. C. Dalton. . ¦ , .-. •', ,-;
First. NlDDon, Mr5. H. . "W. Reddan; »ecoha;
Coco, Thomas H. Strv-enron; third, Jap-U Miai
F. J. Hatje; reBef.e. toots. Frank K«rtt: V,
H. C. Yeddo, Mrs. GertSTjfle Bucholtk. ¦ ¦ .-¦ ' .
• Class 155 — Japanexse y.yaniels. open bttcbes^-
First, Princess Jap. Mrs. W. Hatje. ' :,.-" .•"
GEORGE H. O'NEILL.
5
ADVEB.TISZ2IXNTS.
f Waist But HP.le more gt*B SB 83 '" fh B 6c LBCG Coin? to cleanup-*
$ Sets 29c. tJ f nhalfthereg- Mm B^SfmS^^ w3b£&S£%^M, S **le. about loooyardsofs
&¦ ular price for this SS B S &M lUH Wf W*M M %JF ikF B various Laces, near- *
ai spedailot of 750 Sterl- £» fju\ '.-¦.¦¦¦¦ ' / ¦ " ' • : \il_____ ly all of them cream -or butter J-
*. ing Silver Waist Sets; '(% ; \^j. — ~ : • ~ — — - co i orj imitatioi Torchon, Paint dlr- 5-
S.S^ioS? i£""S^ ## Great Veiling Specials for i^w^to^vmi^g.
» yjo iuju nne silver, Vgr P/AJ\ « - ¦ — • ' - • ¦ Brabant, etc., m widths front 2 to 7 "Z
» 200 sets consist of 3 \J± \ thM+Mflsatf • f#ff #l/_ inches - The?e lacM would make very '%
*V pins collar button and -Np>£*^ . *" # #«#«¥Jf «###«y* pretty trimmings for foulards, regular ..J
5'fnS™S^ CT i™^^\^ftfl Imported Pattern Wash Veils— In cream or white, with fine prices 9ci2c and i5c yard, all one ptjea. J-:
r» tons, oou sets nave 6 »?vl f i_ ¦- j . L • Pn - i • j n~ j t n i i • » i* for Frjdav on 1v 6c «•
i stud 3 , collar button and -^P . J? " applique- borders,, the 50c 'kind, 2o dozen only, that we bought at half ™^*£K^Z&J^-^~™. $
*? dumb bell links, engraved or plain; reg- price — yours to-day, each . .......' 23c • : ' ¦' -*•
* u-arly 50c set, Friday only. 29o Spotted GMffon .' Veiling S~ This season's beat' 5Dc quality, 18 _ , A , '. : y^.'vr.
J _, inches wide, all stylish "colorinos, including black, white, brown and rUrttiWre {« cmtjuncipn X,
* „ - ',"¦ . rovalnavv— a great value to-day, per yard... \ ................ 29o SpeCtalSm ™™lnz''bpnng *.
\ Hammocks A saving Earw i n Tabi^M«i B Awe: r . Sale of Car- $:
k" TQ»ti3lV $1mt6m °f °l mosi ¦ ' P ets and Furniture we make these 3r
i ' 2)percent ' H^3SBiSnS^S 9 \9 &Bt*£&R*Z%BQ<r*&* additional extra special offers : for fr/r V
I if yon buy to-day; very stron/and hand- , Jlllgk mfUtmCry day and Saturday* ; •••.•¦•, |-
*, some woven Hammocks with pillow tcl£Eip|§iS3S^ £*~*B~m. tZf%~m. MM -dtL**-*. B.rdseye M ip e- , — ~~ — _^___ ¦* ,
i spreader and fringe on sides, sizs of bed >M?&mA\W%£Ca %b%HGw &9JC Oil SBmG Tabe - exactly 1 "**
*¦" 40x76 inches regularly SI each — lik^ picture, U>- iF-; ¦-•* '¦'.
| frt h y^!^ $1.00. 5%i|jPP| I
5" Our Mid-season Millinery Sale is a great success. Extension * Ta- / / f \\V . \ \J
Printed Thh is hut a -of - 'We are getting ready for a Summer Opening of en- bl?, golden ash, i J \] : I "^
*» Scrim 6C. lt ile mrre than \^ $ tirel ? new European and New York models on May extends 6 feet. 1 • " f 'f
i ¦-, half price— It is ,#ytM^§ix\\ 14th - Until that time every colored trimmed hat, in- g^^ 1^ P"*J I 'I - // "^
K the heavy quality, open-work printed /WgMFP§5^\ eluding the foreign models, at about fifty Cents days'... S4 ¦ 7Sm\-^ J^^J^-//v '": -J*-
J Scrim for draperies, cottage curtains, Xt^T^ 1 OTt the dollar m Bedroom Set, I p^L^JjL^fi^; 'g-
% wl C r\h^e 1 g U atrl^0^ya O r f d^) ( n^ /pedal ?5.50 and $6.00 Trimmed Walking Hits $16.00 and $18.00 Trimmed Hats, elewnt B°ld« "b. exj w'!/ *
K sale Friday only... ..6c • $3.OO materia's $9.00 ceedinjly »e ; l \\ Hi. jtt-' ? . .*.
£ jr««/jr 00 |6.C0- Trimmed Walking Turbans— brown. J25.C0 Imported Model Hits $12. SO nadeforarhw UA \\^. \l^. ¦$:.
t> b'ack and navy— now $3.CO §30.00 Importsd Model Hits $13. OO jet, has 20x24-. "J/ ..-'»«. * U^, g.
r» __ _ , inch beve!-p ate mirros, neatly . catved. <t.
* Berry Fo'bernesor _ jj — HS #~^a :cr two dava oniy..,-:..-.....,.$J5.50 * :
i Dishes i3cJ ruit > verv Another Sale Boys' CapSa ¦ |
S 250 New styles 27c, 42c and B9c* Bleached M^f;
K o7 Stal V^W^^^mW ' Next Pall ' s styles— in fact a sample line-no two alike— Yachts, Golf?, Sheeting 206. 'Jw^fj? y &
£ emeraM Military. Golf-Yachts, Sailors — embroidered cap3 and plain ones — per- a cus t omer \< (t this pric*?. We •'*¦
a? glass, "^ao_£__^^; f ect - m ever y particular — better, perhaps, than the regular lines, for cannot a ff or j to se n j t to dealT*" It'a a
i rri/ririi ««°ft e3 l °™r?n they are the samples that merchants selected from. Oar prices for snap for the patrons of the^stora. %
ft , special .aie triaay ansy IJC F^fey on jy . Heivy. well made bleaclied Sheetin?. 81 \ $
h 45c Caps for 27O | 75c and $1.00 Caps 42c inch v M W ) d e (for double beds -. casts i?c -V
J» &B*%i<i42*B Or dinar Uv sells *i-25, * 1.75, 1 2.03. ?2.50 and $3.00 Caps 69c " th *° lU Xo ?? 7 > b iS MC i a Wiot -^
t _r^ «= nllZJ,,i,-r Bargain Counter-Main Aisle. ¦ ' booght by U3 before the advance pn 8 pe- -^
& Ware 15G* 5° ¦ . cial m\<> Friday only, per yard m,
i . apiece, but we Buttons Pure uhiie fearl; Ttiese /^l ' " ; ~" " 2O ° x
*: have made a large special purchase that « every button perfect; __„ * %£'*! &
ft enables u? to cut ordinary price* in two. &U *#**#"«#• c /,\ v ./ /7 / i nt n t 4r L 75C T r> **« -n»« m- c t * n
I' Thre 2 hundred and fifty pieces in this lot; nn o rJl J i ktt~r\ SfoQO Air BvtrjriiCyxdnU '£
K sugar bowls, craam Ditchers and spoon gros3-16, 18. *.0, 22 and lines— two doz- MMJmm*m iT mama /^«^ r».. M£? i?Q« onefat'hhva- *«
*: holders, plain crystal with gold bands, en on card, on special sale Friday only, VWrafiperS GUttS S9Cm / " |
* ..„„ nrpttv on (?m»rial rtIa Fr*XH*a*t card OC yf*>*. /.t|VWV L"JS-'\ «-"*¦"'*•, KCU JfUUr "C. 1
i tJSniyliilh.!l..^^i^?M^.tSo Notl °" e l OTgjg boy one to-day and save 31c. These are -^
| * Baby ' SP" ial bargains Thh re S ular 75c ;3f|if _=====_^ r '^ #"' 5
I Men's Puff na ' naS ' J^™'^™-^°^ ill
| Scarfs 29c. %/<?«£. Q^^teHWm ~ _* I II •*. _¦ „» ,*. hj^f
X many were $ I OO and $2 OO— Too ' Vf , (ft Rbbld BaX small white figures form- (M\UWM name and how good thsy are". *>Mav «
i many Puff Scarfs in stock— that explains - Y // V regu.ar y 43c. to- in S stri ? e about one KfM \Wm&L on 'y* each 6flo T,
»? the sacrifice. All nice, desirable goods, ybi— —^-zk • day "... 25c i nc h wiJe, waist lined, il(!i$i\ft<§ }MwA - "2
j: and the majority of them this year's WMMtm Infant's Short wrapper finished with M| SflMli GrOCertCS, ™7 8 P e " $
I sstw.'Ks ¦££¦»£:; MHJX fssszzt *" % »f m mmM ""»°r^ \
* and pattern that you want. Friday nMS^W^m \ ed lot that were °n special sale Frl' V^sUJfi' ApriOOts- Fancy evapora ted, lb...... -^
§> and Saturday only, choice A. I 'Mm\^m£& $1.50, $1.38 and day only. 489 '"^ «v;"'A" ;"AV"L" '^° •*
| for: Z..29C M^MM^&^m^Z, Luo X a 0//-Cro3 S e&BL- U *w e ll'3im. X
* trim- J^C ClffarS, Genuine Ported o>l, quart bottles, tcxiay on yj
I Women's s$i if mm^m^M ~ 4 tor 25c. c v l ™' H £
| SHOOS St. 38. 1 01 ' b M U '° rUffl23 ° f embr0ider^' Cb ° ice *$% the two for a quart3r si.a of La Felifidad: O^rn a^d •?
X . * , r '?,tf Soi7i¥aVhab!Vchamoir Moccasins that -°V pecia ' saletO - morrO7(r( ' Sar "' tl/a^ Maine, regular 12Jc tin, to^ay oal^... k
?» \^~i?---^Cv3\. 8^ oe « ' n a " gfti &kW\<€$ J^m£r a ar aSi our 75c pergaionquality;/to-day.5/o )%
K f^^<m SiZ % s < 3 to 8, W^jtT* Ml *mvs±. n 4Cb» __ » W^ Burko's Stout— Th? >esnine im- >
»f width E, on sale pis" mJ3^@^C§^S^ hCBBS^ BL&2&J&<3L2k.lS% Forced, our regular pric* $2.15. dozen, *
I onIy ;.; J.l!Ju38 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE =&^^^^^^j|
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMP0BIU3IL
BEAUTY IS JLGOD DEEP
Pure, Healthy Blcod Means
Beautiful Complexion.
Intestinal Microbes Poison tie Blood Wh*n
• the Bowsls ara Coastipatsd. Drive
;:.-•• ¦ . Then Out by Making the
,. . LirerJLiTely.
"Beauty- Is skin deep." That is wrong.
¦Beauty is blood deep.
• A person eonstir>at«-d. -with a lazy liver,
' l.iiioyfc Wood, dyspeptic stomach, has pim-
¦iiles and liver* spots and a sole leather
'vomplexion. . .
- •-N.V -on? .\yith a furred tongrue. a bad
breath; a jaundiced eye. can be beautiful,
'nomat.ter how perfect are form and fea-
: To be beautiful, to become beautiful or
in remain beautiful, the b'.ocd must be
Vojit pur* and clean, free from bile, mi-
cfobe*. disease germs and other impuri-
«""a?carets Candy Cathartic •will do it
for you -quickly, surely, naturally. They
never grip nor gripe, but make the liver
lively* prevent sour stomach, kill disease
perrr.s- tone up the bowels, purify the
¦ blood and rnak»- all thing? riKht. as they
Should be. Then benuty comes of itself
and to Ftay-.
, Buy and try Cascarets to r day. Its
Tchat they do. not what we say they do.
that will please you. All druggists 10c.
25c EOc or tnallfd for pric. Send for book-
let and free sample. Address Stealing
• Remedy Co., Chicago; Montreal, Canada,
or New York.
. , This is the CASCARET tab-
S X Jet. Every tablet of the only
I ' Jr fr P I cenulne Cascarets bears th%
I It? ii^ *i=» I roaKle letters "C C C." Look
K. A at the tablet before you buy.
Vg ~\r and beware of fr?.u2s, imita-
: -.-. ¦ tlons and substitutes.
- WHEN ALL OTHER REMEDIES FAIL-
ELECTROZOXE acts like teazle in
Rheumatism,
I Kidney and Bladder Ailments,
Stomach Troubles,
¦ female Complaints,
AH Blood Diseases.
At BsnJ ftr pixpMet ta
Crnegisti. $1 bottle. ELECTEOZONK |
¦ .>;.:.- MFO. CO. 8. F. |
M®teffi<£t%. ttat ™* ™ nQ * Cnrc
/^&:5i :; «Sc^t *»1 c«re 00 per cent.
fi^******^!;.^ ct all forms of kidney
j»5v ooinp!aint .and Jn
5^ ,3^5j3 taacy Instances tte
\5j "^^"¦tfJ^tS^ most serlocs forms of |
if ¥^5r Brigbt'B disease. If
\ /*&k^ *^ e disease Is coni-
jl *~ig$3 plicated send a four-
y^vJ^^VW-l onnce vial of nrinc.
l^?»h»fc«ZSaS«3!»ik. "We will analyze It
advise you Xreo
*"'| I [ir what to do.
' I ' JXUNTO.V.
At til drnstfrtii, 2So. a ritl. Oulde to Ilcaltb
%rS. n\rA\rn\ n.\r\ce <r«*. I&OS Arrh «t.. I*h11a.
If^iiLPMn \i i^^' i "T' i^ i| Ly* < yyg a^|"g
L>D TT CJT-I17Q J^ 011 BARKERS. BAK-
tj t\ II Ofi£l|J era. bootbl.icks. bath-
*^ hou«!W. billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, c-andy-tnaken", canners. :
dyere. ficurmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
haneen>. printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
b!ein<?n, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BU'»"i1A.>Ai UKUa,. -
Crush Jliaulacturera, OO9 Sasrameota St ]
t : ¦ ¦ ¦¦-¦:
'¦¦¦'. -':'.¦¦' '-¦'
: - • •.¦;: . i
IN NfcXI
Sunday's Call :
Can you afford to miss such ar* ¦ . """-_¦¦
,. tides as these i r ' . "• ¦ ';
GEN. JOSEPH WHEELER | j
i Gives the first of a scries of three - | . . .' ¦;' •
great articles upon the Philippine v :.:•:••:.•¦
Islandi, based upon his personal [ ;.'•' - r>
Experiences and Observations. ¦.¦'-.. V v
CAPTAIN BEN BOHEN \ ; !
Of 30 years' experience on the San '¦¦ ,.¦]'¦
Francisco Police Force tells about jj : ' ¦. : ; ; ».
•< Criminals I Have Known.** .: .
CAPTAIN R. B. FITHIAN, !
Who has Just returned from a \ ; ' '.;':'.
pleasure trip in the South Seas, • • .• : "¦¦
has written his own story of ths S^fc" • : - •'¦ '
MRS. PHEBE HEARST I •;":•
and her uniqu: work at the Npttill
University of California iS^^'
CH1CKASAW INDIAN GIRLS ; ' |
I Discuss the S1000 marriage license | ,
THE SUNDAY C'LL LEADS THEM ALL. X
These are only a few of the features— look out for a ghost story, fiction,
bock reviews, famous graves and other articles of value and absorbing interestIt is stated that the price of brooms in the East
has advanced nearly 50 per cent in the last three
months, so it is evident the manufacturers intend to
get a profit out of the Republican programme of
making a clean sweep of the.country.
.^.Professor Dolbear notes by way of illustrating the
progress of the closing century that it began with the
tallow dip and ends with the incandescent light and
the Standard Oil Company. The illustration is good,
but it is not certain whether the century has given the
oil company to the world or the world to the oil com
pany.-
remedy for existing evils.
In a recent speech in the Senate Senator Tillman,
.in describing the motives which animated the white
\A AY has by general consent become the favorite
/ \ month in the Eastern States for holding con
* * ventions. In almost every city of importance
in that section there will be one or more of them this
year, and New York will probably have a dozen deal
ing with all sorts of issues and nfovemehts and
problems. Of the whole list, however, that which will
perhaps prove of greatest interest is to assemble at
Montgomery to discuss the relations of the whites and
the negroes in the Southern States.
This convention is to be presided over by the Hon.
Hilary A. Herbert, Secretary of the Navy during
Cleveland's second administration, and one of the
most conservative and sagacious of Southern states
men. It is to meet on the 8th and continue for three
days, and is designed to cover every salient feature of
the relations between the races.
The programme arranged for the conference is an
interesting one. President Herbert is to deal with
the subject generally in an address on "Problems
That Present Themselves." The discussions will then
be conducted under three heads: The negro in rela
tion- to franchise, the negro in relation to education
and industry, and the negro in relation to religion
and social order. The speakers will be mainly South
ern men, as only three men from the North, Dr. Fris
sell of Hampton Institute, Dr. Curry, agent of the
Peabody and Slater funds for the promotion of educa
tion in the South, and Bourkc Cockran, have been as
signed places in the more important discussions.
Among the Southern men who will make leading ad
dresses are Clifton R. Breckinridge, formerly Minister
to Russia; Walter H. Page, the novelist, and Gov
ernor McCorkle of West Virginia.
The fact that most of the speakers are to be South
ern men is significant of the awakening of the South
ern people to a consciousness of the serious nature of
the problem that confronts them. It is also an evi
dence that the better class of Southerners are not con
tent to let things drift in the direction in which they
have been so rapidly moving of late. The tendency
toward the barbarism and savagery of lynch law car
ried out with monstrous cruelty has convinced the
Southern leaders that something must be done to
I save civilization itself, and the Montgomery confer
ence is designed to formulate plans for applying a
THE SOUTHERN RflCE PROBLEM
It is a chance for geologists, a slim chance, indeed,
for any particular one of them, and a slim salary for
the successful; but still it is a chance. For men who
are masters of three languages, adepts in geology and
familiar with several other sciences, there is now open
a way by which they can obtain almost as large pay
as is given to janitors and doorkeepers at the ''na
tional capital. It is not so large as the salary that
an ordinarily promising ward boss would guarantee
one of his more active henchmen, but then menVof
scientific attainments can hardly expect to, receive
from the Government such pay as is given to ! men
serviceable to. those who run the Government. For
a man who merely understands English, French,
German, geology, physics, chemistry, mineralogy and
mathematics, a chance to get $000 a year, with a pros
pect of $1200, is perhaps sufficient; and the attractive
ness of the position is augmented by the fact that to
the salary there is to be added tlie dignity of the office
of assistant geologist of the United States Geologicil
Survey. It is worth something for a man to be able
to place after his name the awe compelling letters,
Ph. D., A. G. U. S. A. G. S.. and it is to be hoped
his learning will enable him to maintain that dignity
on a $1200 salary without straining it.
Any one who desires to compete in the examination
is notified to apply at once to the Civil Service Com
mission at Washington for application forms. Prob
ably there will be a rush for the forms, since hefe is
a chance offered by a wealthy Government for men 01
science and general learning to obtain a governmental
position without having to exert any push or pull to
get it. It is an illustration of what this republic is
willing to do in the way of promoting scientific in
vestigation, and will doubtless thrill geologic circles
with a keen excitement.
T~~) Y the United States Civil Service Commission
j \ there has been issued an announcement that
— on May 22 and 23 an examination will be held
in any city in the United States where there is a local
Board of Examiners for the position of assistant
geologist. Candidates are required to write an essay
on a geological topic, and the essay will be taken
as a test on ability in English composition. They arc
to be examined in geology, drawing, French, Ger
man, physics, chemistry, mineralogy, mathematics
and general education and experience. It is added:
"From the eligibles resulting from this examination
certification will be made to the position of assistant
-geologist in the Geological Survey at a salary of from
$900 to $1200 per annum."
A CMflNCE FOR GEOLOGISTS.
A statement of the Monte Carlo gambling com
pany shows that last year the income froin the gam
bling tables was in round numbers $4,600,000, and
$150,000 more was derived from the rental of the
hotel and cafe. After, deducting all expenses and
$75,000 given to charity, the net profits amounted to
$2,3-5,000, or about 40 per cent on the capital stock.
Is it any wonder that unscrupulous persons are will
ing to do anything to obtain gambling privileges?
If the acrimonious discussion of Cuban affairs in
the United States Senate indicates anything it is con
clusive proof that to some of the distinguished states
men at least American imperialism means absolutism.
. Th6 State Horticultural Society might well con
cjdervthe propriety of promoting such work. At
¦every -meeting- of that society 'there are revelations of
interesting personal experiences with prcdaceous bugs
jind. enemies of the orchard and vineyard that creep,
crawl or fly, but these are presented in a detached
jand. -impermanent form, and therefore their use is
: impaired/. Horticulture in this State ranks fairly with
\h'e;ie.ar.ned professions, requiring equal powers and
.training of the mind- It is a fascinating pursuit and
'hasvaurnany-sided touch with high . science. It may
•well he .that the world is to get its best and most use
¦ful; literature on the subject from California. It is
sn industry inviting to the scholar, not only for its
•profit, but, for the sustained interest it has for the
. '. Of course this subject has already a literature, but
*ive are not aware that it exists in consecutive up-to
datUorm;.-
. '. The Englishman's idea might be very usefully ap
plied to this State. A census of the various moths,
thrips? scales, spiders, worms and bugs which attack
our orchard, vineyard and field crops, and of those
which may be used to exterminate them, would
make a. valuable addition to the library of the horti
culturist and agriculturist in California.
The citrus fruit crop of California has been saved
by 'the -introduction of these beneficial insects, and it
is believed that others may be discovered which wiil
attack other forms of insect life. It is not impossible
that the dreaded phylloxera may have an insect
enerqy which will destroy it, since the rule seems to
be that every predaceous insect has such an enemy.
The various scales, forms of insect life which prey
upon ?.nd destroy the vitality of useful trees and vines,
prove to have insect enemies which eat them and be
come the useful servants of man.
The suggestion for this work originated in the ex
perience of horticulturists in California. The clem
ency of this climate is very favorable to the growth,
precocity and fruitfulncss of trees and vines. But in
nature's plan wherever creat fruitfulness, animal or
\egetable, is located, there also are the enemies which
ct:rb it by destroying life which night monopolize all
the indigenous energies, to the exclusion of other
forms of existence. This iron law of nature works all
right until it comes in conflict with the needs of civili
zation. Then it becomes necessary to fight for the
fruittulne«s of the forms of life which are required for
the use of man. So »e have economic entomology,
the study of beneficial insects which prey upon their
predaccous brethren that destroy what man needs.
A BUG CENSUS.
AX English fcientinc man proposes to take an in- j
sect census, classifying the insects which are
beneficial and those which arc noxious to man
and his interest^.
The petition of Ann E. Reynolds for the
removal of the tracks of the Presidio and
Ferries Railroad on Union street between
Hyde and Larkln was postponed for fur
ture'investigation. George Newhall, presi
dent of the road, said that the company
was willing to move the tracks, but the
improvements could not be undertaken
until the agitation for reduced fares had
been settled. If fares were reduced the
company- would not.be able to do the
work. ¦
Attorney' Foulds of the Market-street
system addressed the committee and said
that the questions could not be answered
in a short space of time. Some of them
would have to be acted upon by the board
of directors. Some could not be answered
at all. and others would necessitate in*
vestigation. The company was desirous
of giving all the information possible.
Attorney Foulds said further tnat the
corporation had under consideration a
number of plans for tho solution of the
problem of concerted traffic on lower
.Market street, and they would be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works in
a short time. The plan of a loop under
ground system and a larger turntable at
the ferries would be questions for engi
neers to determine. The proposition to
reduce fares was merely intended, Mr.
Foulds understood, to see if some means
could not be devised to prevent over
crowded cars, and the Market-street sys
tem was more anxious than anybody else
to relievo the situation. The plan of a
loop may be feasible, and that and others
would receive consideration from the di
rectors, but it could not be done hurriedly.
The Mayor asked if there was any ob
jection to answering questions as to the
original cost, gross receipts and profits of
the road, and Foulds replied that such in
formation would bo hard to ascertain and
that it was impossible to answer the
questions offhand.
Secretary Clayton of the San Francisco
and San Mateo road said that the system
operated in two counties, and while he
did not deny the right of the Supervisors
to make Inquiries regarding the road in
this county, the board has no authority
to deprive the road of its constitutional
rights.
"I do not think that this city possesses
the power," said Clayton, "to operate a
street railroad in two counties. I deem ]
that the questions are directed in the line
of investigation for public utilities. The
i facts and figures would be largely mat
tors of estimate. Because you have an
ax to grind with the Market-street road
Is no reason that our road should be
crushed out of existence by a reduction
in fares. It Is Impossible to carry a
passenger on a streetcar in this city for
less than 5 cents."
The Mayor said that a 4 cent fare would
benelit the people and build up tne sub
urbs. He admitted the earnings might
be reduced, but the company would have
less taxes to pay, which would equalize
mutters. Clayton denied that the \ city
would benetlt by a 4-cent fare. A reduced
fare, he said, means the Introduction of
factional currency and a consequent re
duction in wages.
. "The introduction of the dime in this
city. 11 Clayton, "lowered wages to
meet the new conditions, and the city
would suffer again on a penny basis."
The Mayor asked If the road' would pr<?
fer a commutation ticket to a - 2'A-cent
standing fare, and Clayton replied that
the question was somewhat the sameas
asking a man whether he would rather
be hit by an ax or a piledriver. „¦:
Attorney Foulds agreed with Clayton
that a 2V4-cent standing fare would result
in people permitting many cars to pass in
order to board one that was full and so
save the 2\i cents.
B C. Sessions suggested tha,t to double
the seating capacity of the cars might
meet the requirements and stop over
crowding. . ,_,
Mr. Clayton interposed, saying double
deck cars could not be operated on the
Bteep grades in this city.
Mr. Clayton supported the contention
of Attorney Foulds that the questions
submitted could not be answered without
adequate time for investigation.
The Mayor finally suggested that the
Board of "Supervisors hear the testimony
of the railway officials in committee of
the whole. This was agreed to and the
date of the hearing was fixed for the
evening of Thursday, May 17.
The Supervisors' Street Committee met
yesterday morning for the purpose of
hearing evidence as to the financial con
dition of the local street railway com
panies. • Kach company had been fur
nished with a lint of questions concerning?
the receipt", profits and cost of its system,
so as to determine if the proposed Maguire
ordinance for a 2»i-cent fare Is Just and
equitable.
Representatives of the Lines Deny
That 2 1-2 Cent Standing Rate
Will Prevent the Conges
tion of Traffic.
Supervisors Question Cor
porations About Their
FIGHTING FOR
REDUCED FARES
ON CAR LINES
There appears' to be no doubt .that Hill has really
regained his old position in the party. All reports of
the meeting of the State Committee agree that the
proceedings demonstrated that he is once more in the
saddle and in control of the State organization. He
proposes to concede the renomination of Bryan, but
to demand the privilege of framing, the platform. To
that endhe wishes an uninstructed delegation from
New York, to the national convention. It is to be
noted that Gorman 15 working along the same lines in
Maryland. It is one way of attaining harmony, but
the plan is subject to the objection that even ir
Bryan be got off the Chicago platform it will never
be possible to get the platform pitch off him. He
has been tarred too thick with 16 to 1 and Populism
e\*cr to be cleaned and made presentable to the coun
try.
Furthermore he is quoted as saying: "The party
should leave out of the platform all inflammatory
planks calculated to frighten away business men and
others who follow them." Then he would hive Bryan
at the first opportunity "say something by way of
tribute to Dewey and an expression of his pleasure
that the great hero had ranged himself with the forces
cf the Democratic party." That is the sum and sub
stance of his policy so far as it has been made public.
It is not a policy likely to engender enthusiasm in the
nation, but it promises a way to harmonize Democ
racy in New York State, and to candidates for local
offices that is a boon of no little value.
Any prediction of that kind would naturally be
cheering to New York Democrats. They have been
utterly hopeless for so long a time that even a prom
ise of victory upon almost impossible conditions is
like balm to their minds. In his speech Mr. Hill did
not specify either the man or the platform for the
Presidential contest, but contented himself with de
claring for a State campaign on State issues. It is re
ported, however, that at a meeting of the Democratic
State Committee he stated the party leaders should
"do a little platform making for the Democrats who
did not agree with Bryan in 1896 as well as for the
large mass of men who vote the Democratic ticket
anyhow and have nowhere else on God's earth to go."
DflV.iD B. HILL'S REAPPEARANCE.
BOSS CROKER of Tammany. being in England,
David Bennett Hill has come from his retire
ment at Wolfert's Roost and seated himself in
the saddle of New York Democracy. He has made a
speech at Syracuse which is said to~have excited a
good deal of enthusiasm. He reminded the Demo
crats that in the last State election out of a total vote
of nearly 1,250,000 Roosevelt had received less than
20,000 plurality, and from that fact he drew the con
clusion that if Democracy puts up the right man on
the right platform it can carry New York this fall.
And now even Oakland is grumbling over it3
telephone sen-ice. This ought to be proof con
clusive to the managers of themonopoly that in des
peration, even the. worm will turn.
MISSION MUST FIGHT
TO REMOVE TRACKS
THAT the Mission residents will have
a fight on their hands when the at
tempt is made to remove the South
ern Pacific tracks in that district
was demonstrated yesterday by J. E.
Foulds, attorney for the company, when
he informed the Mayor and the Supervis
ors' Street Committee that the ordinance
passed one month ago providing for the
removal of the Mission track3 would be
fought in the courts.
The ordinance directs the Board of Pub
lic Works to proceed on Monday next to
take up the tracks unless the railroad
company meanwhile tiles a written agree
ment to do the work on its own account
at some time prior to August 1, 1901.
The Mayor asked Foulds if the com
pany had decided to do anything In re
gard to the matter. an<1 the latter re
plied that he was not prepared to cay.
The Mayor suggested that the company
make some declaration of its intcntfms
to relieve the Mission of the rails at the
special meeting of the board held last
night but Foulds stated that he would
the Southccn Pacific Company bel |e\es It
has certain rights in equity in this mat
ter, and It will protect itself h , en .^
time comes. This protection * ll J "J}"
the form of an injunction restraining the
city from destroying our P r °P"t>. v-e
are charged with using Harrison street
without a franchise but th« fact J.s *«
bought up the rights by P urc^e and
condemnation previous to the ¦ >ear 1S«£
long before there was any Harrison
St "Our company ha* no desire to ronfiict
with the city authorities, hut we con'! er
this order of the Supervisors to be an un
reasonable demand. We will *»«w on «""«
the use of the tracks at some future
time, but we do not care to b £ roI £ ea
to do so within the short time a] 10 " 6 ."
"After our bay. shore road has been
built, which will be In about three jears.
we may want to use the Mission tracks
as an emergency line in cas- of a n^k
down on tho main road. We certalnlj
¦will take all necessary logal means to
protect ourselves in the matter.
and repair the street after It has been
paved the rights granted shall cease. The
construction of the tracks will be com
pleted within two years from the passage
of the ordinance, but N the maintenance or
a single track between the points men
tioned shall bf deemed a sufficient com
pliance with the requirement of the or
dinance.
SCHOOL BOARD PLACES
KILPATRICK ON TRIAL
• 1 1
Evidence That Accused Principal In- s
spired a Class to Rebel Against •
. Being Transferred. i
The Boaru of Education yesterday took i
up the charges against Principal E. C. l
Kilpatrick of the Business Evening ,
School. Kilpatrick has been accused of 1
Inspiring the pupils of the High School j
class of that institution to refuse to obey i
a resolution of the School Board, which '
ordered their transfer to the Humboldt ¦
Evening School in March. 1S97. He is also ,
charged with having made false state- i
ments against "U'. W. Davidson, a teacher (
in the school, and in having caused the '
transfer of Miss Dora Warshauer. '
Assistant City Attorney Brobeck con- ;
ducted the case for the board and Robert
Ashe appeared for Kilpatrick, who was
present during the proceedings. Tho wit
nesses examined were AV. S. Brann, who '
preferred ttte charges, and Thomas Smith, :
Clarence Steinbach. Elmer Kraft and
Heyman Pechner. who were pupils In the .
High School class when it was ordered
transferred. They testified that School
Director Waller had asked the pupils to
voice their choice of schools. Half of
them chose the Humboldt and the other
half the Business School. Kilpatrick had
appealed to them to remain with his
school, as he had worked hard for their
welfare.
Professor Davidson. AV. S. Herron. Miss
A. Donovan and Miss Dora Kozminsky
also grave evidence to the effect that Kil
patrick had circulated charges against
Davidson without first reportiygf them to
the hoard. Kilpatrick had never had a
tire drill in the school and only one teach
ers' meeting had been held in one year.
The board took the case under advise
ment.
1 • ¦
! Refused a Fight Permit.
The Supervisors' Police Committee re- !
fused yesterday to recommend the appli- ,
cation of the National Athletic Associa- j
tion jfor a permit to pive a boxing exhi
hitlon next June." Manager Groom was
Informed that hIsr-Hcense had been re
voked hy the Tax Collector and that the
Supervisors would decline to Interfere
until the matter had been adjusted.
Groom said he would take the matter to i
court.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr.- S. E. Chapman of Xapa is at the
Lick.
Charles King, a cattle man of Hanford,
is at the Lick.
F. C. Grathwick, a merchant of Buffalo,
is at the Palace.
Samuel Tyac, a mine owner of Bodie, is
a guest at the Lick.
F. A. "Wlckersham, a banker of Peta
luma, is at the Lick.
P. J. McCormlck. a contractor of Los
Angeles, is at the Lfck.
Dr. Thomas Flint and Mrs. Thomas
Flint Jr. of San Jose are at the Palace.
Assemblyman Henry W. Miller and
wife are visiting the carnival' at Sacra
mento.
J. C. W, Frishmuth, a leading merchant
of Philadelphia, and his family are at the
Palace.
Commander George C. Reiter of the
new battleship .Wisconsin Is at the Occi
dental, after a trip of ten days to Port
land.
G. McM. Ross, a mine superintendent of
Virginia City, fs at the Occidental with
his two daughters, Miss Ross and Miss
Etta B. Ross.
Harry Burk», a popular Native Son and
.member qf the Young Men's Institute,
sailed yesterday on the Rio Janeiro for
Hongkong, where he will take the posi
tion of accountant in the offices of the
Pacific Mail Company. He has been with
the company only eight months, but his
promotion has been very rapid.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
•WASHINGTON, May 3.-J. A. Ward
and wife of the Presidio and Oscar C.
Mueller and wife of Los Angeles are at
the St. James.- George D. Gear, a Hono
lulu lawyer, called at the White House
this morning to support Harold Sewall.
formerly American Minister, and to op
pose Sanford Dole for the appointment
as Governor of Hawaii.
CALIFOB-NIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 3.— W. C. Ralston of
San Francisco Is at the Waldorf. Bruce
Bonney of San Francisco is at the Wal
dorf. S. Bly of San Francisco is at the
Savoy. WV M. del Veil wife and daughter.
Savoy. "\V: M. del Vel, wife and daugh
ters, of. San Francisco, are at the Hotel
Cadillac.
» ? ¦
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NOT PREMIUM COIN— C. S. J.. West
side. Cal. A quarter-eagle of 1S57, silver '
dollar of 1S81. half-dollar of 1S51 and dime
of 1854 do not command premiums.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW— Subscriber. Og
den, Utah. The first eight-hour law
passed by Congress is dated June 28, 1S63.
It applies to laborers, workmen and me
chanics employed by or on behalf of the
United States. An act of August. 189.T,
compels contractors and sub-contractors
for the United States to observe the law
in regard to laborers, workmen and me
chanics. The hours of clerks In the sev
eral departments are regulated by the
j necessities as laid down by the heads of
departments.
CHINESE AND VOTING— Ignorance,
Vallejo. Cal. A native of China of the
Mongolian race cannot become a citizen
of the United . States, consequently he
cannot vote. One born of Chinese parent*
in the United States is a citizen of the
United States and is entitled to all the
rights and privileges that are accorded to
any other native born. Such* a citizen
may wear whatever style of dress (pro
viding it is proper to his sex) or adopt
any style of wearing the hair that he
pleases when he goes to vote, as there is
no law that prescribes the attire or style
of hair for a voter.
NEW ELECTRIC
LIGHT SYSTEM
FOR THE COT
Supervisors Consider Offer
of Independent Power
Company.
Engineer Hunt Exlains the Electrical
Distributing System Which Will
Result in Competitive Bids
for Public Lighting.
•-
The Board of Supervisors met last night
to consider the lighting of public streets
and buildings by electricity. Supervisor
Reod. chairman of the Committee on Pub
lic Utilities, presided ana explained the
offer of the independent Light and Power
Coirpany to construct a distributing elec
trical system for the sum of r_*25,'J00.
"This otter." raid Reed, -will make it
possible for the city to get the benertt3 of
competitive bids besides a better Illumina
tion for less money than It costs at pres
ent. For that reason I have Invited a
number of representatives of the light com
panies to be present so that they may
knew just what they have to bid on wnen
the tirr«i comes."
Gas Inspector Tupper stated that there
are 4520 gas lamps used, and the rate for
next year was a cents a nisht for each .
lamp, amounting to 5124,Uf4; ?M> arc Iamp3
at 4-' ! 2 cents, J101.37O, and the cost of light
ing public buildings Increased the expense
for city lighting to CftJ.lOT t5.
Reed stated that the price per lamp
would be reduced, from 42 l 3 cents to less
than 27'-» cents. Under the system pro
posed by General Manager A. M. Hunt of
the Independent Company the public
lighting would cost J151.58S bo. Tupper saifl
that the 1501 lights which Hunt had
claimed would be sufficient to light the
city should be increased by 500, which
would bring the coat to J131.3S3 60, or $40.
000 more than Hunt's estimate. Hunt,
however, argued that 1500 lights were
enough if thty were placed In proper posi
tions. The system rould be installed in
working order in eight months.
W. H. Summerhayes of the Mutual
Company said his company owned 450
poles, but did not know whether it would
9<»U them to the city. Summerhayes
thought the plan of the city owning lta
own pole lines would be a losing invest
ment when the factors of Interest, taxes,
wear and tear, depredation and cost of
maintenance were taken into considera
tion.
Attorney Bishop of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company said that the
scheme contemplated would prove more
expensive than the Supervisors thought.
He pleaded fcr a fuller investigation and
asked that the practical men of his com
pany be allowed to give their views.
"Hunt's plan," said Bishop, "will not
light the city as he proposes. You will
find that It will take two or three times
as many lights to do the work properly.
W« have a Targe Investment at stake, and
If >ou give us one month we will submit
a plan that will beat it four to one.
At the request of Reed, who said that
the Supervisors would be obliged to fix
the budget of expenditures by the first
Monday In June, the company promised
to have the plan ready on Thursday even-
Ing. May 17. when the Public Utilities
Committee will meet. Reed stated that It
is intended to appropriate the money for
the distributing system out of the next
tax levy.
Chief Electrician Hewitt «?aM ft would
require a fine line of poles if they were to
bo loaded wtih additional service. Hewitt
saw no practical objection to po!ea bein^
owned by the city and rented to other con
cerns, as the rentinc privileges would re
duce the cost of maintenance.
MATTERS OF INTEREST
TO CITY TAXPAYERS
. That is a coarse but frank and candid statement of
the situation. The Southern people are tired of force
and fraud. They now seek some legal method of
dealing with the negro. The nevv method falls far
short of justice and of perfect wisdom, but it is bet
ter than the old. It is a step in the right direction,
and the Montgomery conference. may have a potent
influence in rousing the South to put an end to lynch
law and secure the negro in his property and per
son, even if denying him the. political privileges to
which his citizenship entitles him.
people of South Carolina in adopting a constitution
which virtually disfranchises the negroes, said: "We
took the government away. We stuffed ballot-boxes.
We shot them. We are not ashamed of it. The Sen
ator from Wisconsin would have done the same
thing. I see it in his eye right now. He would have
done it. With that system— force, tissue ballots, etc. —
we got tired so we called a constitutional
convention and we eliminated all of the colored people
whom we could under the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments."
FRIDAY... : MAY 4. 1900
;. JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
• Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
rCBLICATlOJT OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Mala 1S6S.
tDlTOIUAL ROOMS 717 to 221 gterwioa St.
Telephoae Main 1874,
OellTered hy Carrier*. IS Cent* Per WeeV.
Stnffle Copies. S Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including rostarei
DAII/T CALL, anelndlna- Sunday), ere year $9.00
ruiILY CALX. (Including Sunday). 6 month* *-*°
DAILT CALL <!cc!udlns Sunday). 3 month*. 1-60
DAILY CAlXr— Bt 61n«l« Month - «3e
fcCKDAT CALX. Oo« Tear '¦"
WEEnaT CALL On* Tear *•<*>
All fcitauten are aatborlted to recelro
¦ obicrlptUni.
fcurp!e ooplea will b« fcrwurdtd when requested.
OAKLASD OFFICE... 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. ¦
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
iUmt Distance Telephone "Central iCJ.")
NEW TORE CORBESPOXDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
KEW TORK. KEPKESENTATIVB:
STEPHEN B. SMITH _ 33 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Bobm; P. O. News Co.; Gre*t Northern Hotel:
rret&ont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TOKK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hctel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
l!int]r HUl Hotel. -.*¦
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
BRAXCn OFFICE!*— f!7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, eton
sntn »:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 629
McAllister, cpen vr.t!I 0:30 o'clock. 613 LarWn. open until
.'• ".' *:W o'clock. 1M1 Uieston. open until 10 o'clock. 2261
'•' ' Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096
-. : ' Valencia, cpen until t o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until
* o'clock. fTW. corner Tweaty-seccnd and Kentucky.
j " ©pen untn 9 o'clock.
THE CHRONICLE'S ANSWER.
Projecting the line of precedents into the current
controversy, there is but one conclusion possible.
The treaty of Paris did not incorporate the Philip
pines into the Union of the United States, and did not
declare the people of those islands to be citizens.
Therefore the territory is outside the Union, not un
der the constitution, and the inhabitants are not citi
zens, and are entitled only to such constitutional
privileges as Congress chooses to extend to them.
We held California under military government by
the executive four years before Congress saw fit to
make the constitution wholly operative here. But
during all of that time the treaty of Guadaloupe Hi
dalgo was in force'here. and whatever rights of citi
zenship it extended to the Mexican-born inhabitants
were theirs by treaty, not by the constitution.
The Chronicle shifts and varies. At one time it
seems to- agree with Webster, and "another time it
lines up with Bryan. It made the above answer on
its Bryan day.
If a mere act of annexation make citizens of all over
whom it extends the jurisdiction of the United States,
will the Chronicle tell us why Jefferson and Monroe
found it necessary, in the annexation of Louisiana and
Florida, to expressly stipulate in the treaties that the
people of those Territories were incorporated in the
Union of the United States? In fact, in the case of
every preceding annexation the question of incorpora
tion in our body politic has been settled by treaty.
A treaty- becomes the supreme law of the land. As the
treatj' of Paris does not so incorporate Porto Rico
and the Philippines, and is purposely silent on the
civil status of their people, we deny that the Federal
constitution either admits or excludes any class of the
inhabitants of those islands. When we acquired Cali
fornia the treaty settled the question of citizenship.
But no one pretended that the constitution was opera
tive here until the enabling act of Congress extended
it to this territory- In his December message of 184S
President Polk recommended the extension 6i our
revenue laws to California, just as President McKin
ley recommended in the case of Porto Rico, but Con
gress differed with Polk, as it did with McKinley, and
those laws were not extended. We search the records
in vain for any strident denunciation of Polk for
recommending it, or of his party in Congress for re
fusing it. Finally the revenue laws alone were ex
tended to California, but by the will of Congress, and
without pretense that those laws were made operative
here, automatically, by the constitution.
But this is an evasion. The whole controversy is,
did annexation extend the whole constitution, with
its immunities, privileges, limitations, grants and
checks, to these islands and islanders? Or must this
be done, as Webster contended, by authority of act
of Congress?
"All of which, we respectfully submit, are answered
in article XIV of the Federal constitution, which
s«ys:. 'All persons born in the United States and sub
ject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the
United States and of the State wherein they reside'
This provision of the constitution, in the judgment of
good lawyers who derive their opinion from a read
ing of the decisions of the Supreme Court, would
have made a classification in the treaty of the persons
admitted to citizenship by the extension of our sov
ereignty over the islands a work of supererogation.
As for the two questions pertaining to the class ex
cluded from citizenship, the fourteenth amendment,
section 2, furnishes the answer: 'Representatives
shall be apportioned among the several States accord
ing to their respective numbers, counting the whole
number of persons in each State, excluding Indians
not taxed.' Under this provision untaxed Indians in
the States as well as the Territories have always been
regarded as wards of the nation rather than citizens,
and have been governed accordingly. We presume
the same course will be followed in the Philippines."
1 7 E recently asked the Chronicle what class of
\\f inhabitants in the Philippines were made citi
ztns by annexation, and what class are ex
cluded? What language in the treaty of Paris classi
fies the annexed people? How are we to govern the
excluded class 2 To this the Chronicle r.eplies:
THE SAX FRANCISCO, CALL, FRIDA^, MAY 4, 1900
No amount of agitation and condemnation would
serve the public so well as does the revelation of 'ras
cality which the gamblers and blacklegs of Tanforan
are now making of themselves and of their methods.
FRANCHISE FOR THE
t SANTA FE SPUR LINE
An Ordinance Granting the Privilege
Submitted to the City Attorney
by Supervisors.
The attorneys of the Santa Fe Railway
Company submitted to the Supervisors*
Street Committee yesterday the draft of
an ordinance granting its branch system,
the San Francisco and San Joaquln Val
ley road, the right to construct a double
truck on Illinois ¦ street, from Fourth
street to First avenue South. The or
dinance will be submitted to the City At
torney for his opinion as to Its validity,
and will be acted upon as soon as the
opinion is received.
The ordinance states that the franchise
is granted upon ' the express conditions
prescribed by, the charter. In addition
the company agrees at -any time when
required ,to construct a drawbridge across
the waterway known as Islais ¦. Creek
channel. The tracks on Illinois street. will
he laid in conformity .'with the street
grades, and if the .company neglect.vfor
a uarloJ of thrae months to DUt in order
It begins to look as if both parties would have to
pet their Vice-Presidential candidates this year off
the bargain counter.
"President Harper of the University of Chicago is to
invite Tolstoi to visit that city, but if the vigorous old
Russian should give his opinion of the place after see
ing it," the Chicagoans will wish Harper had attended
to. his own business.
' It seems to be the intention of Bryan to put into
the Democratic platform this year plank? enough to
make a roof over the whole party when the blizzard
comes.
6
Estimates Will Not Be (Jut.
The Supervisors' Finance Commlttea
met yesterday and listened to the peti-
tions of Recorder Godchaux, the Election
Commissioners and the Poundmaster that
the sums named by Auditor Wells in his
estimates for expenditures ba
not reduced. The committee decided to
allow the figures to stand as the money
will all be needed by the three depart-
ments. The Fire Department estimate-
will also be allowed in full and an ad-
ditional 150 hydrants may b* provided for.
The Auditor had reduced the amount for
the burial of the indigent dead from $6000
to $4j(X>. bnt the committee saw no reason
for the reduction and the original amount
will be appropriated for that purpose.
« ? «
Appointed School Superintendent.
Superintendent of Schools Webster ap-
pointed Dr. AV. B. Howard yesterday to b*
one of his deputies. Dr. Howard Is a grad-
uate of medicine. In the- University of Cal-
ifornia and an ex-principal of the Mary?-
vills Hish School. He was Superintend-
ent of Schools in Stanislaus County for
ten years. There remains now but on*
vacancy among the deputies to be filled
bv Webster. ~t ;
Cal. glac- fruit EDc p«r Ib atTownsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by th-*
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. ¦
Sues for Maintenance.
Manuela Dobs filed suit yesterday
against her husband. Frank Dobs, for
maintenance. Plaintiff alleges that her
husband deserted her over a year ago and
has since refused to contribute toward her
support.
The Grand Canyon of Arizona.
The Mason Is now open. Stare trip has been
reduced to 2Vi hour*. Comfortable accommoda-
tions at hotel. The round trip rate from Sir*
Francisco Is only J33. Particulars at Santa F»
ticket o£flc-. <:s Market street.
¦ m »
Pipe Organ Recitals.
The new pipe organ presented to the
California-street Methodist Church by
Mr. and Mrs. J. "W. Ellsworth Is now be-
ing placed in position and will be opened
by two free recitals next Monday and
Tuesday evenings.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Arc they troubled with head-
aches? Are the lessons hard
for them 10 learn ? Arc they
pale, listless and indifferent ?
Do they get thin and all run
down toward spring? If so.
will do grand things for
them. It keeps up the vital-
ity, enriches the blood,
strengthens mind and body.
The buoyancy and activity
of youth return.
SCOTT 1 EOWNS.UKnuu.l*:* Vtri.
By Sullivan & Doyle Monday. May 7, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at corner cf Twelfth and Harrison street*.
AUCTION SALES.
Ft*ch»r'« Concert Hocse— '"Lm. Travlata-**
K«rp Company Concert HaJl— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Dog £how.
Excursion to Santa Cruz Mountains, Saturday, May 6.
El Campo— Danc'.nc bowling, fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Race* to-dar.
Olympic, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville tverr afternoon anS I
•veclr.s. *j
ColamW*— "The Floorwalker*. "
Tlvoli— "Tho Wizard of the Nue."
Grand Opera-house— "In Gajr New York."
Alcazar — "Sue."
California— "A Gilded FooL"
Orph*um— Vaudeville.
AMUSEMENTS.APPOINTED REGENT
FOR SIXTEEN YEARS
FIGURE 13.
Then plant your camera on a table right
in front of the window and just as close
as you can get it, leaving only enough
room for focusing. Now measure along
the wall from one edge of the window a
distance of three feet, then straight out
from that point a distance of five feet.
Place a seat at this point and you are
ready for work.
For your first subject I would advise a
lady, or a gentleman with a rlean-sh.iven
face, eo that you can see the modeling
BY F. DUNDAS TODD.
XIU.— PORTRAITURE AT HOME.
(Concluded.)
In dealing with the portrait of a lady
we must consider another and most im
portant point— gracefulness. This is at
tained by combining with the pyramid a
double-curved line, well named the "line
of beauty." In figure 13 we have an ex
ample of portraiture in which the figure
is composed on the lines of a pyramid;
therefore the position is "stable," but
any one can see that it is not graceful.
If we run a Jlne from the forehead
through the middle of the composition we
will find it will be perfectly straight. Lit
tle wonder that the pose is stiff. L*t us
redraw the figure, keeping practically the
same boundary lines, but arrange the
pose so that the medial line will be a
double curve, and at once we get the
grace that was lacking.
Did space permit I would go into this
question more fully, but I have said
enough to give a starting point and will
content myself with offering a few hints
on posing that deserve consideration. We
do not as a ruie wish to see gracefulness
in a man. therefore the double curve
should not be used In male portraiture.
Again, leaning a head away from the
lens suggests meekness; toward it. vivac
ity and go. Now you can understand why
soma men's portraits make them look so
submissive. As a matter of fact, expres
sion is largely dependent on the relative
positions of body, head and eyes to each
other and to the lens. The most intelli
gent and alive expression is got by plac
ing the sitter's chair at right angles to
the lens, then turning the body a little
toward the camera, the head still more,
and the eyes looking right into the lens.
See figure 11. The most stupid expression
is got by having body, head and eyes
square on the lens. I need not illustrate
this, as it is the poso that Is perpetrated
by every beginner.
But I must hasten on to the problem of
lighting 1 , which Is even more Important
than that of posing and more difficult to
learn thoroughly. In this matter I in
tend to follow the practice of all the
great painters, believing that what was
good enough for them is good enough for
me. In calling your attention to figure
—the two latter aro not so noticeable hers
on account of the beard. The reader
should now b« able to see for himself how
these high lights are connected with the
shadows by means of half-tones.
Now for the practical application of all
this theorizing'. Select a window having
a clear view of the sky— that is, no over
hanging: porch or trees In front of It— and
cover the lower half with some opaque
fabric, such as a sofa blanket pinned to
the middle bar. This is because we
learned that the light came from the top.
% -?-<S>-*~ <$¦-?- <$> -?- <$¦ -?- <$> -?- -?—$_?- 0
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
Take ; Notice — Time Table Changed.
.The evening train for Bo-ron Hot Spring's
leaves at 5 o'clock instead of 5 p.m. •
HOLMES FINALLY
ADMITS SHORTAGE
WHEN (he members of the Board
of Harbor Commissioners read
yesterday morning In The Call
tho full story of the irregularities
connected with the construction of How
ard-stroet wharf No. 3 and the charges
made against their chief engineer, How
ard C Holmes, in'eonnectiori'with those
Irregularities, they were amazed. The
Commissioners had been somewhat en
lightened the day before through the in
vestigation set on foot of the scandalous
state of affairs, but Mr. Holmes had for
the time being allayed their • apprehen
sions by positive declarations that mut
ters were not as bad as stated.
The first act of the Commissioners after
reading the disclosures in The Call was
to order that no more cylinders be put
down until lnvestiRations are made by the
Commissioners. This settles the putting
In of- any more short ones.
The board was in no wise prepared for
the direct charges made by Assistant En
gineer Ryan against Holmes and the evi
dence regarding the great shortage of tho
cylinders and the knotty lumber that was
going into them.
Most of yesterday Holmes was busy
trying to explain matters to the Commis
sioners. They did not accept his state
ments as settling the points, however, as
they had done the day before, and decided
that the matter must be thoroughly in
vestigated. This investigation may be
held at the next regular meeting of the
board, which takes place next Wednesday
afternoon.
President Kilburn says the chief engi
neer should have kept the board informed
of any shortage In the cylinders; that it
was his duty to do so and that Holmes
knew it to bo his duty.
Holmes, as was predicted, tried to clear
himself of the charge of collusion with
the contractors by saying that he intend
ed to present to the board when the work
was completed a report of the total short
age of cylinders so the State could get the
benefit of the decreased cost. The chief
engineer is very contradictory in his
statements. In the presence of President
Kilburn he stated positively Tuesday af
ternoon that he knew all about the cylin
ders going into the work; that only a few
of them were short, perhaps three or
four and these were only four feet less
In length than called for by the specifica
tions. Yesterday Holmes said he had left
the matter of keeping track of the cylin
ders entirely to Inspector Hugh Duff, and
that he was to get a report from him
when the work was completed. Duff
makes the statement that Holmes knew
Commission Promptly Stops the
•Construction of Short
Cylinders.
all along what length the cylinders were.
It has been learned from an outside
source that after the adjournment of the
board Wednesday the Commissioners
gathered informally to talk over the ru
mors of pcandal that had been going
around during the day. They sent for
Holmes and asked him how many cylin
ders were short. He acknowledged to
thirty, then cot up to forty. The average
shortage was three feet, he said. ¦ Even
the Commissioners gasped at this and
asked why the board had not been Jn
rormed. Mr. Holmes gave the reason al
ready stated.
Duff was then sent for. He said he
col > ld tell how many cylinders were short
and how much so. He was told to tile a
written report yesterday.
Holmes still declares "that the specifica
tions properly construed, call for second
class lumber, and reiterates his statement
that Draughtsman Ulig told the blddin-
S2ilJ r 5 ct Ti 8 t l lilt such lumhe <- would be ao"
rented. He does not state why Mr. Ulie
if the specifications were clear on that
point, found, it necessary to instruct the
whv ei if-u IIolme3 i loes not explain, either
wh /' , lf U , was understood by all that sec
h2?; C1 m 8 1 i U , mb<> « r COuld so ln to the cylln
&^n r y /houg'^^ S^5Sa^?STis5
"Are you convinced now that there i<» a
shortage in the. cylinders?" was «kJ
yesterday of President Kilburn ot tl£
leS t°hat°h r e 8 r e e'i S .^ the reply ' "^
dem. 1 " crtalnl >" was -" answered the presi
"Whose dutv?"
"J he chief* engineer's, of course He
made a mistake in not making Reports of
the shortage. He should have kent «I
t.g r^o'n d^u7d IF b t e rn mfVd i e d ' JffiffltK'Sf
three lumbermen would first be appofnted
t°. make a report on the question of
wither the lumber used was such "s was
called for by the specifications Vast
quantities of the timber used is now un
der water or tarred over and cannot be
passed on. Some that Is to be used In the
remaining cylinders is still on the bulk
head, however. The last of the cylinders
k^oTs^V 001 * was tarred >••««£?:
H^ Is s^s^d r^yvrkeV?^ d he H l r o o a d d s !^ d .
formed of what was going on. Bevond
this they had little to say, except that thfe
matter would be investigated. Commis
sioner Herold said there was, plenty of
money yet due the contracting firm 'to
save the State from loss.
Holmes cleared himself of one charee
yesterday by producing the copy of a let
ter sent out November 27 to the contract
ors Informing them that owing to the
scarcity of long planks the longer staves
could consist of two lengths, which would
make the splicing legitimate. Holmes did
not produce this letter Tuesday. The con
tractors acknowledge having received this
letter.
The best proof that it was understood
by all firms but the successful one that
ship's planks should be used in construct
ing the cylinders lies in the bids made by
makers of the cylinders for supplying
them to contractors who contemplated
trying for the Job. The Pacific Tank
Company submitted estimates to at least
two of, the unsuccessful "bidders. This
company made bids based on the use of
ship planks, worth from 122 50 to J30 a
thousand, according, to length. These
prices were furnished this company at its
request by the Pacific Pine Lumber Com
pany. Second-class lumber Is worth from
$13 65 to $14 65 a thousand in the same
lengths. 1
Tho Commissioners paid a visit to the
wharf yesterday morning, in company
with Engineer Holmes. Some soundings
were taken for future use.
The Thomson Bridge Company was one
of the lowest of the unsuccessful bidders
Thomas Thomson of that firm says it
might have secured the contract had it
known second-class lumber would be ac
ceptable. This firm received Its estimate
on the cylinders from a Berkeley firm
which "figured on first-class ship planks'
as it understood the specifications called
for. Mr. Thomson, like the other con
tractors, says he was never notified that
second-class lumber could be used.
Inspector Duff filed a report with the
board yesterday showing a total short
ago in the 108 cylinders driven of 477. feet
These cylinders are now under water and
It will be hard to verify these figures.
The. cylinders lying on the dock are ten
feet short. The sixty and sixty-five, foot
ones are still to be made, but yesterday's
order of the board will prevent them be
ing constructed under the specified
length.
SHAG ROCK IS
STILL A MENACE
TO NAVIGATION
Torpedoes May Be Used to
Clear Away Broken
Fragments.
Debris Caused by the Explosion Set
tled Back Into the Old Location
and Must Be Removed
by Contractors.
The problem of petting the necessary
depth of water on tho spot where Snap
Rook stood Is ptlll confronting the con
tractors. After the explosion the Gov
ernment purveyors found only 14 feet of
water at low tide, whereas there should
have been 30 feet. Nearly all the rock
that was blown into tbe air fell back Into
the hole asraln and this has now to be
removed. The contractors think that the
ebb and flow of the tide will help them
a great deal in removing: the debris, and
that with the assistance of a dredper and
divers the pntire surface of the rock can
be cleared to the required depth without
much expense. If divers and dredgers
cannot do the work then torpedoes will
be used. They will break the loose rock
into powder and then there will be no
difficulty in clearing oft the debris.
When Blossom Rock was blown up Con
tractor von Schmidt was confronted with
the same difficulty that the Shag Rock
people are now having. The obstruction
was shattered, but the fragments all fell
back into the spot from which they had
been ejected and it cost Von Schmidt $25.
000 to remove them. The contractors for
the. removal of Shag Rock assert that
the whole base of the obstruction has
been shattered to a depth of 40 feet and
that wh»»n they are through with the. Job
soundings will show that much water.
Blossom Rock was never cleared to the
contract depth and to-day there is only
22 feet of water on it at low tide. This
will not be the case with Shag Rock,
however, as the contractors fully expect
to have 40 feet at low water with the as
sistance of dredgers, divers and torpe
doep.
FIGURE 11.
by the nose, so we* can argue that the
source of light must' have been well for
ward—in fact, very close to the lens.
But let us take a shadow lying in an
other direction and see what it tells us.
We find, one under the right eyebrow;
therefore the source of light is above.
But if it were right overhead the eyebrow
would cast a shadow completely over the
eye: but it does not, and as the band of
shadow is very narrow the light must
come from a point well forward— in fact,
very close to the lens. This is further
proved by the length of the shadow cast
by the nose on the upper lip, which it
will be noticed is just a little below the
nostril. -
Having located the position of the
source of light we may with advantage
give a few minutes' consideration to the
high lights and half-tones. The highest
lights will be found on the left temple,
the ridge of the nose, upper Up and chin
Now. look at the ground glass, focus and
expose.
About background.". This question both
ered me for ten years, and now I can tell
all I know of the subject In a sentence.
For children and young people let them
be light; for middle-aged peoplo use mid
dle-tinted grounds, and for old people
let them be dark. Have them plain. I
use a sheet or a blanket, or focusing or
anything that comes handy, but I will
not Use a ground that has a design of any
kind whatsoever on it.
0 ? <$— »-<jy— »-<^— »-<j>— »-<fr— »--^— +—(&— »-0
shadows I described. If the nose* casts
one too broad on the cheek turn the face
a trifle nearer the window; if too narrow,
then a little farther away. Now look at
the eyes. Do you see the beautiful spark
ling catch lights — if so. where are they?
The proper position is just on the edge of
the eyelids; if they are lower the head is
tilted too high or the sitter is too far from
the light. • If not visible the head is too
low or the sitter too near the light. Last
of all look at the shadow cast by the
nose on the lip. It should not reach below
the middle. If cut off square with the
no«tril there Is too much bottom light so
raise the curtain a little higher on the
window; or it may be the head Is flung
back, in which case lower It. Last of all
examine the bridge of the nose, for here
is the proof of your problem. The bridsn
is a mass of half-tone, and this should
blend beautifully Into the shadow beyond.
If it show with a sharp line against th*
shadow the position of the sitter la net
correct and a movement of a few Inches
is necessary. I am sorry I cannot tell
you exactly in what direction, so von
must find out by trial. It Is in this last
little point that the hand of the master
is shown, and it takes a long time to be
come a master. ,
FIGURE U.
readily. Get a pos« as close to the ex
ample as possible, and then seat yourself
in front of the camera so that your eye
will be in front of the lens. (If there be
anything I detest it is to see a man pop
ping his head under the focusing cloth
all the time, for it clearly shows he does
not know what he wants. A camera is
only a tool, and not until the pos* an.l
Ilshtirg are arranced should the ground
gla?s be looked at.) Now look for the
15 I need hardly remind my readers that
the character of the paper on which it is
printed prevents the use of anything but
line drawings, which. It must be con
fessed, do not permit the rendering of the
niceties of light and shade in the orig
inal, and therefore It is more than likely
that the reader will be unable to see in
the illustration some of the points I de
scribe. But if he proceeds to put the
teaching into practice he will have no
difficulty in tindini them on the sitters
face. The portraits by the way. is that
of James Inglis, who Is. I believe, the
greatest master of photographic Hshtins:
to-day, and to whom I am Indebted for
all I know on the subject.
On looking at the face we find it con
tains lights and shadows, and as we ex
amine it more closely we find that these
lights and shadows do not exist as flat
masses, but that the one blends into the
other, so that we have e\-ery gradation
from pure white to deep black. There is
no difficulty in locating the high lights
and deep shadows, but it takes an edu
cated eye to note the subtleness of the
gradations, commonly called half-tones.
From the one extreme to the other. And
even after they can be detected in the
finished print it is still difficult to appre
ciate them on the face, tor here they are
complicated with the locxl color.
Suppose we make a start with the
shadows. One is very evident— that on
the sitter's right cheek, and now we can
see another to the right of the nose and
under the eyebrow. But a shadow tells
the direction of the source of light, for
we know light travels always in a
straight line; so if the shadow is on the
sitter's right then the source of light must
be on his left. But if it were decidedly
on the left, the nose would throw a
shadow right across the cheek, which it
does not do. As a matter of fact, we see
but a very narrow band of shadow cast
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1900.
nected with several leading enterprises.
He holds the responsible position of presi
dent of the California Northwestern Rail
way Company. He is also a director of
the Mendocino State Hospital and recog
nized as one of the valued members of
the board.
It is presumed that Mr. Foster will be
assigned to duty on the finance commit
tee of the Board of Regents. Since the
last regular meeting of tho regents two
members of the finance committee—Al
bert Miller and A. S. Hallidie— have pass
ed away. The newly appointed regent is
a resident of San Rafael.
A. W. Foster, the New University Regent.
PHOTO BY TABER.
c- [I 3HK announcement made in The Call
Wednesday that the Governor had
H appointed Arthur AV. Foster regent
of the State University to till the va
cancy caused by the expiration of II. S.
Foote's term of office was received with
general satisfaction. Mr. Foster Is ap
pointed for a full term of sixteen years.
He is a capable man of hifih character
and excellent judgment In business af
fairs.
Mr. Foster came to California twenty
six years ago and has been actively con-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FIGURE 13
7
ARTICLES. (Receipts.! Shlpm'ts,
ARTICLES.
Flour, barrels 1.000 13,000
Wheat, burhels 165.000 98,000
Corn, bushels 198.000 62.000
Oats, bushels 141.000 130.000
Rye, bushels 6,000 3.000
Barley, bushels 29.000 6,000
ARTICLES. jOpen. High.| Low. Close.
• Wheat No. 2—
May C5% C5»i 63U 65%
July 67% 67^ 66Ti 67Vi
Corn No. 2— »
May 3S?i 39»; 33 33U
July 40*4 40*; 39»; 40
September 4H4 41H 40% 40%
Oats No. Z—
May 22»; 23 22»; 22T4
July 23H 23',4 23", 23»«,
Sfptfmber 22^ 23 22?4 22 7 »
Me.«s pork, bbl —
May II 97-4 12 05 11 S5 12 00
July 12 15 12 20 11 SO 12 10
Lard. 100 lbs— I
May 6 S2H 6 93 f 6 S2»,j 6 93
July 6 97Vj 7 02%| 6 mi 6 9*4
September 6 97»i 7 02H 6 S7V4 6 97H
Short ribs, 100 lbs—
May 6 70 6 70 6 70 6 70
July 6 73 6 82% 6 65 6 80
September 6 72H 6 77H! 6 65 6 77H
3 Time ITlme Tlmel ITlrnej
• Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft
? H W L W II W I. Wj
4 ... 2:28 6.1 9:33 0.? 4:5S 4.«! 9:37 34
5 ... 8:31 4.« 10:23 0.8; 5:50 4.8 U21 3 1
« ... *M *.i 11:19 1.0 «:3o! 4.«'
t. w h w l, w fiw
7 ... 0:35 2.9 8:00 3.9 11:0c 1 1.4. 7:14^ 5 9
8 ... t:34 2.4 7:13 3.9 12:3S! 1.7! 7-JOi Ji
9 ... 8:19 1.9 8:17 3.9 1:3S! !.»', JJ4 5 "i
10 ... 2:55 1.4 9:1J 4.0 ::15' 2.2 8 : I5| S t
Steamer.
Drstlnation
Sails.
Pier
Arcat* [Coos Bay May 4.12 m Pier 13
Thyra China & Japan May 6. 10 ami Pier 27
Corona ISan Dl»*o. ...Way R. 11 amiPxr II
Cleveland ..(Puget Sound.. jMay B. Bpm;Pler 2
North ForkjHumboldt May 6. • am, Pier 2
Kruger iTlUamook May 5. i pm'P'.er 2
Walla Wall Vic &. P*t 3d. May «. 11 am; Pier ..
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. May 7. 2 pm|Pler 1
Bonlta Newport May 7, 9 am; Pier U
Columbia .. Portland May 8. HamPier'*
Acapulco .. Panama May 8. 12 mlPMSS
Samoa iHumboIdt May ». 10 ampler n
Pomona — IHumboIdt May 8. 2 pm'Pler 9 ¦
S. PortlandiCajx- Nome.... May 8. 2 pm:Pler N
Curacao IMexlco |May 8. Wam'Plerll
Rosa'San D1ej;o IMay !«. II am Pier !l
Aloha [Cape Nome.... [May 9, 3 pm Pier t
Tlllamook .ITillamook May 10,
K. Th'mpsnlCape Nome.... IMay It) ."
Rainier ICape Nome....!May 10
Aloha iCape Nome !May 10 T**»
Coptic 'China &Japan' May 11. lpnlPMSs'
Coos Bay... i Newport |May 11. 9 amiPier H
riiiotllla ...iVlc & Pgt Sd. May 11. 11 amiPier 11
Stateof Call Portland (May 13. llamlPler'l
Steamer. I From. | Due.
From.
Due.
i •¦
Acapulco ! Panama ]May 4
Point Arena 'Point Arena M*y 4
Coptic I China and Japan May 4
Alameda Syjney May 4
I'r ocreso ...I iTacoma Mar 4
Thyra [China and Japan Mar 4
Mackinaw Seattle May 4
Columbia Portland May i
Bonita Newport May 3
Samoa Humboldt May 5
Washtenaw .... Tsooma Mar S
Pomona 'HuniboKIt May •
I'matiMa Victoria & Pujcet Sound May 7
Santa Rosa San Diego May 7
Tlllamook THIamook Bay May 7
\Varfleld Oyster Harbor May T
Ntwport (Panama. «..'May S
I^nac. Marlscal'Manzanlllo (May S
Coquiile Rrver.lGrays Harbor (May S
Robt. AdamsonjXanalmo... 'May 8
Coos Bay INewport IMay !»
Arcata Coos Bay IMay »
Wellington jOyster Harbor May 3
Universe Oyster Harbcr May 9
State of Cal 'Portland May 1>
Del Xorte jOr-e^on Ports May. lf»
Xfwburg iOrays Harbor IMay 1'1
Crpscent City. .'Crescent City IMay 11
North Fork Humboldt May H>
Corona |San Plego |May 11
A Lafce Assortment of
LADIES' WHITE PIQUE OXFORDS, LXV
Heels • • • •* itS.OO
LADIES 1 WHITE CANVAS OXFORDS, LXV
Heels •• • *I.2.%
LADIES' WHITE KID OXFORDS, LXV
Heels ;....;.....:.. ..91 'Ai
We also have Full Lines of NEW SUMMER
FOOTWEAR at POPULAR PRICES.
A GOOD SHOE
FOR VACATION.
The season Is close at hand and you need a
good stout shoe for your outlnfr. We have a
good Etout shoe at a medium price.
LADIES' DARK TAN HIGH CUT LACE
SHOE. Coin Toe, Leather CQ 7^
GENTS* TAN LACE SHOE. LATEST TOE—
a good stout shoe for tramp- CO "THJ
WHITE GOODS
h I& SUMMER WEAR
iiiiiiiiiiniiHiiiiiB
¦Free Tickets I
¦ t* g
g TO THE ¦
I Orpheum! |
I ¦ BUT TOUR p
! Lenox and 1
il Ivory Soap 1
¦ B 6AVE TOUR WRATPERS AND OET ¦
FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM. |j
¦ The Jolinson=Locke |
| Mercantile Co., ¦
EB 204 FRONT STREET, S
SAN FRANCISCO B
g Will Exchanee for Lenox and Ivory ¦
9 Soap 'Wrappers * IS
¦a FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM 3
S UNDER THE FOLLOWING CONDI- ¦
" TIONS: ¦
E If You Want a 25c Reserved Seat H
¦ Send 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP S
B Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP 5
' Or else send 15 Wrappers of LENOX HI
B SOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORV SOaV B
! B lf Toil. Want a 50c Reserved Seat ta
B Send 50 Wrappers Of LENOX SOAP 2
5 Or 2< Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ¦
19 Or else send 25 Wrappers of LENOX II
B SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP Q
HBBBBHHaaBBaaBaBBHIIBBB
Made- CITIT^
to-order oUl 1 o
Elegant,
Perfect-fittinir, tf
AT MODERATE '\ygBgn] '/ (\
suits^'isTsoup "^^[vv
Samples fi-nt free. / Su^ \\
JOE P0HEIM, ] / 11 \\
The Tailor. I / 1| |
1110-1112 MRrket Ft. J / ~* H ! \
201-203 MontRnmery. l ¦
SAN FHANCIPCO. -^ V
WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Tru«s" Dr. Pierce gave to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia or Ruiuure. Thousands of sufferers have
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliaoce and thousands of others
are now on the roadlto complete recovery. This
Truss is different from all others. It does the
You can get our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
Ini? at the office, or it will be sent on receipt of
a 2-cent ftamr. It tells all about this Truss.
ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
eSO. Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Of fl.t-New York City.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA_JOCKEY CLUbT
THE LAST DAY 1? THE SEASON,
SATURDAY, May 5.
For the Benefit of the Fabiola Hospital
THE FABIOLA DERBY
And Five Other Races-
Corr.pllmentary Badges Will ' Not Be Honored
SPECIAL BOATS leave 12:00. 11:30. 1:00 l-3o"
8:00. 2:S0. 3 d. m.. connecting with trains run-
ning direct to the track date. Returning special
trains leave the race track at 4:15 and. 4:45
and Immediately after. the last race. Purchase
ticket at Ferry Depot for Shell Mound.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. ,-
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
122-124 O'FARRELL STREET.
Lillian Walthe, soprano, and John Kurkamp
tenor. Great Lambardl Opera Quartet, "La
Travlata" (.Camllle).
10c — Admission— 10c. Matinee Sunday.
CONCERT HALL— THE C F.KAPP COMPANY
Corner Golden Gate avenue and Market street
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE • -•<•
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
EVERT NIGHT. EVERY NIGHT.
ADMISSION ...V.^-REE
i ' •.'¦¦¦ : ....
*T.V_OLI*
AmlaWiz? The Nile Overflows!
AND SO DO OUR HOUSES NXGHTUTJ
with the Enormous Comic Opera Success
The Wizard
. of the Nile.
Now In Its THIRD BIG WEEK!!
Evenings at t. Matinee Saturday at 2
POPULAR Or > cri ~ ,"
PRICES.... AD and 50 CeiltS
Telephone Bush 9.
AND I THEY
STILL J COME !
CROWDED HOUSES CONTINUE TO SEE
MR. JAMES NEILL
A v?, "n' S V E , RY EXCELLENT COMPANY IN
Nat Goodwin's Greatest Comedy Success
"/\ GILDED F^OOL"
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW AFTER-
SUNDAY NIGHT XEXT-By Special Arrange-
ment. With Richard Mansfield
"A PARISIAN ROMANCE."
AmVrfc^Er^nf^g^Vl^lsl^- SADA ' ;
FOURTH ANNUAL
nnn ounuif
DUG SHOW!
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MAY 2, 3, 4. 5, 1900.
THE LARGEST EXHIBITION' OP rvwo
EVER HELD ON THE PAC?FIC XX>As£ GS
OPEN 10 a. m. to 10 p. m . DAILY.
ADM1SSI^ A^ S R^ 0XS .^
EAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB
H. H. CARLTQN.
iF EXCURSION
TO THE
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
Personally Conducted by
MR. WM. H. MENTON.
Excursion Paejenjw Agent S. P. Co.
SATURDAY ". MAY 5TH
Round Trip <£ | 25
Tickets... " " " 4>1I —
The train will utop at the well-known cann-
ing resorts situated on the line of the Narrow-
Gaure. No crowdlnc. Beats for all Take
along: your lunch baskets. Leave terry landing
foot of Market «tre«. 7M5 a. m. Return nj."
arrive San Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
T. H. GOODMAN.
General Passenger Agent.
E. O McCORMICK.
Pa.ee. Traffic Mzr.
FAMILY RESORT— EL CAMPO.
OPEN EVERY BUN-DAY.
¦ Forty-five minutes' ride on the bay In that
large, magnificent steamer. Ukla)i. Dancing
bowling:. flMilnf.-, boating, plenty of nhade, re.
freshmentff, etr. Good order will b* maintained.
A4ulte. 25 centn for the round trip. Including
admlsMon to the grounds. Children between
5 and 12 years of ar» IS c^nts.
L*ave Tiburon f»rry. foot of Market street,
10:3<» a.m., 1 and 4 p. m. Leave El Campo
11:43 a. rn., J and & p. rn.
COLUMBIA*
LAST 3 SIGHTS AKD SATURDAY MATIHEL
WARD AND VOKBS.
40— PEOPLE tO
In the £0 Funny Musical Farce.
"THE FLOOR WALKERS"
LcFt Time Sunday Night.
FUN PRICES 25c. S5c. 50c, TSc and Jl
EXTRA !— BegT NEXT MONDAY,
•FIRST TIME HERE.
Cfisrle* H. Y«l»> M«»»iv». Marvloui, Mechan-
ical, Spectacular K'jmance,
THE EVIL EYE.
Introducing Al EL Wilson and fifty other*.
Bewildering Electric Ballet. The Human Wind-
mill. The r>isajjpearirc- Rooms. The
C«tapultic Drawbridge.
Seats 25c to SI. Now ready.
AN" OVERWHELMING SUCCESS.
Fulgora's ALL-STAP, SPECIALTY COMPANY.
J.ITTKK FRKI> and hie performing animals;
MR. AND MRS. ARTHUR SIDMAN;
BOWMAN ANO ARDEL.L;
BROTHERS FORREST.
In conjunction with
ORPHEUM STARS.
ETTA BUTLER. IMGBY BELL. RAE AND
EROSCHE. MILDRED STROLLER, /
PROTO
¦TUW4.W.
R*Fen-*<i seatr. 21c; balcony. 10c; opera, eeats
«nd bcx *t*tr. SOc.
Matinee WednexSay. Saturdar and Sunday.
rHONE MAIN VS2.
— Every Even!r* and Saturday Matinee —
Our Latest and Greatest Success.
IN GAY NEW YORK.
Full of Catrfcy Muelc. Pretty Songs. Graceful
Dances and N>w Jokea.
If you enjoy a hearty laugh, don't tales it.
— In Preparation —
An Entire Novelty to San Fraoclaco.
"THE LMDY Sa-rtYfEY."
. For two ye»r§ the rage of London and New York
USUAL POPULAR PRICES. •
. ¦ <5od Reserved Seat In Orchestra. Saturday !
Uatlnee. 25 cents.
; Brgnch Ticket Office— Emporium.
eat r £+4 ?
Matinee Tomorrow and Sunday.
last £**7r^rir*w
THREE K I Bji 1
NIGHTS!
PICTURESQUE PRODUCTION
Of Bret Harte's Beautiful Story of the Early
Days of California.
EEATS— 15c. S5r. 2Sc, 60c.
Next .Week, Scenic Production,
THE GRHAT DIAMOND ROBBERY
CHUTES ANDJZ00. E : i n 7 E^»
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-MORROW NIGHT CAKEWALK CON-
TEST.
SPECIftL!
*• SUNDAY AFTERNOON and EVENING
AL NEILL in 4 Ronnd Sparring Match-
Telephone for Seat*, Park 23.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \ •? 1
I WILL PLACE ON SALE 1
§ p B a 1 ?**fc 1 3 /—\ Tr «i
f> Jci. IL r\ tfi J* «* J* a m. J^ g
I SEASONABLE, J
j DESIRABLE J
J AND . ||
I SUBSTANTIAL J
VALUES. I
ACCORDION-PLEATED MOREEN SKIRTS, in all shades; value g]
for $i.oo; sale price 65c ££¦
ACCORDION-PLEATED SILK MOREEN SILK SKIRTS; value 8,
for $450: <alc price $3.50 £>
COVERT CLOTH DRESS SKIRTS, in tans, browns and navy blue; g
$% value for %i.2y. sale price 75c ;
% BLACK MOREEN PETTICOATS, silk finish. 2 ruffles; value for |
o $2.50: sale price .../. $1.75 o
|3 MISSES' AUTOMOBILES; value for S12.50; sale price ~...$8.50 ft
100 MISSES' JACKETS (just received) at ?3, S4, ?5, up to $10 'A
V Ladies' black, white and black, and all white CHIFFON CAPES, from 8
$ .-. $10.00 to $35.00 g
O LADIES' TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, in light and dark tans; value 8
i> for $6.50: sale price $5.00 Q
§ LADIES' BLACK SATIN DUCHESS SKIRTS; value for $12.50: 8
X sale price S8.5O X
0 LARGE STOCK FEATHER BOAS, just received; shades black, white, 8
v- tan, gray, white mixed, brown mixed, tan mixed; prices from.. ' S
£ ". ~ $10.00 to $40.00 g
¦O Ladie? will find that it will be to their advantage to call and examine %
& the above lines. «
1 ALL COODS MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. |
1 WE ARE STRICTLY ONE-PRICE HOUSE, I
§ Suits Made to Order. Perfect Fit Guaranteed. |
I I A'DDTCM jPf Aa I
I J , U DnlUli 06 14J« I
I 1146 Market Street. |
830-832-834 Market Street,
FRANCISCO. CAL.
Look out for the story of>
. Uncle Sam's haunted ships in -+¦
the magazine section of next "*"
~ Sunday's Call. If you love +
good ghost stories here is one
! to your taste. >
ADVERTISEMENTS.Brunch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 3. 190O. '
The time ball on th« tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, May 3.— Wheat was dull ¦ and lc
PORTLAND, May 3.— Sales of Walla Walla
wheat were reported around E2^44?53e ¦ and as
high as 64c ¦ was paid for some choice stock.
For valley C3c.was.the best bid. -
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending. to-day were 307,539 bushels.
OREGON
PORTLAND, May 3.— Clearings, $283,863; bal
ances, $52,507. *
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
SHEEP — Receipts. 13,000; sheep strong ' to 5e
higher; lambs active. 15c higher; good to choice
wethers. $5 20<S?5 60; fair to choice mixed/ $4 50ft!
B 25; Western sheep, $5 23<?5 65; yearlings, $5 60
fi«: native lambs. $5 50®7; Western lamb*.
$6g7. ;
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000; left over, 3000:
average, shade lower; closing strong and
active; top. $3 35; mixed and butchers. $5 1O@
&32H: good to choice heavy, $5 SO^S 35; rough
heavy. $5 05@5 15; light. $5 15@5 23; bulk of
sales, $5 lWffB 27^i - .
CHICAGO. May 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, 8000;
steers, active and strong; -butchers' stock,
steady. Natives— Best on sale to-day, one car
load at $5 30; good to prime steers, $4 75@5 70;
poor to medium, $4 10@4 Co; selected feeders,
choice, steady. 14 25f<5; mixed stockers. steady
to slow. J3 60©4 10; cows, J3ff4 60: heifers, $3 25
4pS; canncrs, $2 20(g2 85; bulls, steady, J2 75ia>
4 30; calves, strong. $4 25@6 20. Texans— Best on
sale to-day, three carloads at $4 85; Texas fed
steers, strong. J4@5 25; ' Texas bulls, strong,
$3 25<ff3 75.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 9^4 & 9%
Closing 5 9H 5 9
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept-Dec
Opening 19 60 21 45
Clcslng 19 65 2150
Flour-
Opening 25 95 28 10
Closing . 23 95 28 10
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 14H@19c; dairy,
13V>@16Vic. Cheese, steady; 9@lHic Eggs,
steady; fresh. 10% c.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat, C0>44?65c; No. 2 red, 70®
TO^c; No. 2 corn. C^@39Vic; Xo. 2 yellow,
33'ic: No. 2 oats, 23»;«24c: No. 2 white, 26»i@
27Vie: No. 3 white. 23*ie26Hc: good feedins
barley. 3G©36Vic: fair to choice malting, SS«15c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 76; No. 1 Northwestern, II 76;
prime timothy seed, $2 40; mess pork, rwr bar
rel, $11 05@12 10; lard, per 100 lbs. $C 85$7; short
ribs sides (loose). $0 70S6 90; tvy salted should
ers (boxed), 6V.(S6?ic; short clear sides (boxed),
J7 2<K?7 30: whlfiky. basis of high wines, $1 25.
Sugars — Cut luaf. 6c; granulated, 5.44c. Clover,
contract erade. $7.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May J-Stmr Amster
dam, from New Y Or j,.
Sailed May 3— Stmr Maasdam. for New York.
QL'EENSTOWN- Sailed May 3— Stmr Rhyn
land, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia; stn-.r-j
Oceanic, frrm Ltversool, for New York. JK
NEW YORK-Salled May 3— Stmr Enlf L00
lse. for Bremen, via Cherbourg; stmr Liuren
ttan. for Glasgow; stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; »tmr
La Bretacr.e. for llavrt.
OCEAN STE.VMER3
COLON-Arrived April 21-Br stmr Atrato.
from Southampton. .
HULL— Arrived May 3— Br shlp> Benlcla. froia
Oregon. *• »
MANILA— Arrived May 3— Br stmr Cam.
from Batoum.
OUATKMAUV— Arrived ADrtl 8— Ger itmr
Hnthor. hence March 23.
LI VKBPOOlr- Sailed May 1— Ger «hit> Carl,
for Puset Sound.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 2— Stmr Dolphin,
for Seattle; Br stmr Athos. for Colon.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAK— Arrived May J— Stmr Cleone. henca
TACOMA— Sailed May J— Schr Louise, for San
Pedro: *chr Seauoia, for San Diego.
IVERSENS LANDING— Sailed May *— 3chr
Oc#an Sprav. for San Francisco.
FORT HARFORD-Salled May »-8chr Mel
ancthen for Grays Harbor.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May l^-Schr Endea
vor fcr Guayaquil.
POUT HADLOCK— Arrived May «— Nor itmr
El.lsvold. from Port Townsend. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 3-Stmr Co
cuille River, hence April 28.
Sailed May 2— Schr Ltllebonne. for San Fran-
C1 SeX.TTLE— Arrived May S— Schr A M Bax
ter hencw Apr 15; «chr Alcalde, hence Apr 12.
Sailed May 2— Stmr Santa Cruz, for Skaguay;
stmr R^ali*. for Skasruay.
ASTORIA-SAlled May 3— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco; Ur itmr Braemer. for Hong
"Arrived May 3— Stmr Signal, from Seattle.
SAN FEimO— Sailed May 3— Schr Jennie
Stell*. fcr Grays Harbor.
EUUEKA-Arrlved May »-Schr Bertha Dol
be«r. from Newport tS>.
Sailed May 3— Nor bark Solevie. for ilel-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May »— Schr
Prosper, from Honolulu.
Sailed May 3^-Bark Al« McNeil, for Free
mantle; schr Kndeavor. for Guayaquil; »chr
Carrier Dove, for Honolulu.
ALBION— Sailed May 3— Stmr South Coast.
for Si>.n Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May 2— Nor «tmr Thyra,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 3— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco. .
EASTERN PORT.
SPOKEN.
April 25. lat 15 N. Ion IS W— Br shio 14a-
Ilthgowshlre. from Antwerp, for Tacoma.
POINT LOBOS. May J, 10 P m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC,
BAILED.
„ Thursday. May I.
Stmr Geo> Loomls. Bridsett. Ventura.
Stmr State of California. Gage. Astoria.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Whltesbcro. Olsen. .
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro. Ward. Hong
kong and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Kmrlr*. Macgenn. Cocs Bay.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Newsboy. Walvlg. L'sal.
Br stmr Manauense, Bameton. Kahului.
Ship Scartan. Polite. Seattle.
Brig W O Irwln, Garthley. Cap* Nome.
Schr Del None. Jacobson. Rogue River.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Ross.
CLEARED.
_. _ „ Thursday. May S.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka: Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Rio <!e Janeiro. Ward: Honit
konr. etc: P M S S Co.
Bktn S G Wilder. Jackson. HIIo; William*.
Dimond & Co.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May S.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. »t hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 60 hour* from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, 33 hour* from San
Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 24 hours from Monterey
Br itmr Coptic. Rlnder. 2S days 13 hours 53
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 14 days
22 hours 4J minutes, via Honolulu 5 days 23
hours 47 minutes.
Schr C H Merchant. Carlson. 11 days from
Port Blakeley.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Skipper. 43 hours
from Steirarta Point.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. 60 hours from Black
Point.
Shipping Intelligence.
NEW TORK. May S— The general public con- '
tinues to hold aloof from any share in business
en the Stock Exchange, and the movement of
prices reflects unly the operations of the small j
room traders. These professional operators, for :
the most part, clnptd up their contracts before j
the day hid expired, thus rectifying, to a large \
extent, the price movement which has resulted I
from the original contract. Other operators t
of this class are in the habit of carrying their j
contracts over one day. The result of these ,
operation?; which are kr.cwn in Stock Exhange j
jarlar.'.w as "trading Jackknives." Is a eee
*aw market, prices moving one way on one I
Cay and the contrary on the next day, as the i
sales cr purchases cf the one day are affected j
by the contrary operation* on the next.
Slight gains are the rule to-day princi
pally because losses were the rule yes- j
tfrday. Stocks wlilch from special causes j
fhowei strength yrs'.erday ¦bowed weakness j
to-day. Sugar punnefl slightly below yesterday's
level, ar.d was the leader of tne market. The j
eteel stocks were inclined to harden alter yes- j
terday'n eharp break, the tendency being assist
ed by imports of the oper.ing of eonr.e of the j
*teel in!l;s. The coalers were raided by the bears j
on the resolution cf the anthracite operators 1
to support the new coal road. The statements |
ol weekly eaxniegs by St. Paul and Hocking 1
Valley and the eettlemer.t of the Xcw York ;
Central's threatened trouble with laborers en- j
couraged the traders to take the bull Bide.
The faiiure cf the predicted action on the ;
£iv:de:i4 of the Missouri Paciac caused a sharp j
treak from the early break in that stock. The ]
local tractions recovered from yesterday's
weakness. The extreme movements in either
direction were net maintained and the closing
»a». dull and Irregular at small net clearings
after the market had sunk near to stagnation
iranv times during the session. ;
The money market continued very easy, al- !
though the proepect is for a weak bank return
on Saturday.
The-* was more «olng. comparatively. In
bor.de than in stocks, and price* were weak.
Total sales, par value, S1.52S.000.
United States refunding 2s, when Issued, old
and new 4s aad ts advanced : i in the bid
price.
XEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Bhare. Closlnc
Sold. Btock»— Bid.
t.4»> Atchison ; 25%4
J.210 Atchison prefd (O 1 * i
1,220 Baltimore & Ohio f2% ]
Canadian Paciac Mi j
' Canada Southern E4 1 , |
LOSS Chesapeake & Ohio 29H j
235 Chicago Great Western 13Vi
6.SO Chicago Burlington & Quincy 125^
119 Chicago Ind &. Louisville 23»»
100 Chicago Ir.d A Louiivllle prefd &5
2i3 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 104H
Chicago & Northwestern 162
1>GO Chicago Rock Island &. Paclflo 10S
5T.f» C C C & Bt Louis t»»i
109 Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16^4
C21 Delaware & Hudson 114 j
1*) Delaware Lack & Western 176 i
1.C25 Denver & Itio Grande 1ST4
100 Denver &. Rio Grande prefd 6SVt .
60» nrie 12'i i
£19 Erie l*t prefd 3SV 4 I
Great Northern prefd L'S j
200 Hocking Coal 1C% |
S70 Hocking Valley 3S'4
Illinois Central 11CH
Iowa Central 17'i I
Iowa Central prefd 5<iVj j
1M Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 17 l «
4^0 Lake Erie & Western 21
100 Lake Krie & Western prefd 9 1 )
Luke Shore 210
2.p;0 Lcuicville & Nashville *1«4
3.J70 Manhattan L 63»4
4.R85 Metropolitan Street Railway 155
:M Mexican Central 13>£
SO* Minneapolis & St Louis C3Vi
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd S4 : ,j
2S.ES5 lllssourl Pacific C814
Mobile gt OrUo 42 :
... Missouri Kansas & Texas 11 Vi
C19 MlSEOurl Kanras & Texas prefd 3IV4
CS5 New Jerwy Central 120
2.^50 New York Central 134'i
i!,iS5 Norfolk & Western 57U
210 Norfolk & Western prefd 79
5.275 Northern Pacific r,7T4
C30 Northern Pacific prefd 73 l 4
4.0Si) Ontario & Western 21%
Oregon Hallway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 7S
4,Cf4 Pennsylvania 133>i
Vfi Riding 15', 4
1MW Reading 1« prefd £7 T »
209 Reading 2d prefd 31
....... R!o Grande Western :,0
nioGrar.de Western prefd $<T4
113 St Louis & San Fran 10^
Ft Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 63
3to Pt Louis A San Fran 2d prefd Zi%
3(0 St Loulm Southwestern 11»4
3.700 St Louis Southwestern prefd 29
£.2w St Paul imi
fit Paul prefd 172H
£t Paul & Omaha 113
J'-.t'o Eonthem Pacific 35*i
l.'.'CO Southern Railway, 13
J,t20 B.TUthern Railway prefd E6%
rm Tex'ai & Pacific :.. lS%i
14270 Union P»«««a tSSi
New York Stock Market.
THURSDAY. May 3-2 p. m .
Uiu.Asx. h ,l a Ju
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co 2*i aw
is quar coup...ll4\»U4% Muu-il kT t°' - " i '*
4s do reg 1141*11*'* O G L & H 46
n % shifts!. to w:: <! » ? *
Miscellaneous— IS F G A Tf ie~t m)
Cal-st Cab 5s. .119 120 %* n Kru*cf,cu* J *'*
?M C l W^ te p r fiSJgj* - 3fkn G & C E C Co 10* ~
Ed L & P 6s..l2SV* — Insurance—
GeaV^'st^V?*" 1 - Flrem's Fund.227 _
H C & S CHs.. - - Anjrlo-C;; Ltd. B4i: _
1JO OS IOj 1 * — n a nlr nf r"ol ai\c
L A Ry 6s... .-.104*103 S S D & t'Im I
Logntubs...- - KirsfNattonaV. 1 - 2^3
L A L Co SS... — — t j\n I» Jf, A 1»»1
Do gntd 5«... 93V4101 Se? c hants^Fx 15 ~
L A & P R 5s. 102^ — \>v Vfat Bank ~
Market-st as...l28% - Pa vines Bank^H ~
Do 1st m 5s..llT»4 - Ger S I I iwn
N C N G R 7s. - HI hIsVl ~
n r of cai «*.imi - jPhC. >Vk:: «h -
N P of Cal 5s. 116 — s F Sav V iti&Z
N Cal R R 5s.. 113 - n^lon T Co" ~ ~*
SIS?^ 1 .? 1M ~ St^etVanroad";-
oaK ?v ra "! I 9 " 1 - IoTh California 121« 4 _
Oceanic S Co..l06T4107Vi M l r ket- 9 t ' Pv" fi^u m
Om C Ry 6s...l28^12S o s r i i h y " M
V & Cl ny bs.lM^ — presidio T* ""
P & O R H 63.115 - powdVsVc^k. ~
n Tc n m, 1U - Ca^fornTa 8 163
rF&^V^.US - ConC °- 8 3^ 9 l
Sp y of r A J 6s ( " i -n4 l 4- «S2»r^£ia B
3 Do o a^)f::::^ no »|" a s * co. . &* «
i r>o Jl906) Iimil3 Haw C & S Co — 90
n£ Il9i|> 119^120 Honokaa S Co. 32>i 32H
Do 1st ; eg 5s - - Hutch S P Co 23$ -
S P Br 6s 12S>4 — Kilauea S Co.. 20% 21
; b V Wat'r bs..lH»* - Makawell S Co 48* -
Do 4s — 103K Onomea S Co.. 28 2$H
S V W (3d m).102 — Paauhau S Co. 30% 31
atooktn lias bs 99 — Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Ai Pack Assn. — 11$%
Contra Costa.. 67 67V4 «^ 1 h ll uit A ""-l"»% -
Mann County.. - - Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley.. 95% 95% Oceanic S Co.. 92% 94tJ
; Ouj. &. Klectnc— Pac A F A.... 1 —
i Cent G L Co.. — — P ac c Bor t-o.laU —
Cent L & P.... 3% - Par Paint Co.. 10 -
Mornlnr Session.
Board—"
215 Contra Costa Water 67 O
100 Contra Costa Water 67 12V4
200 Equitable Gas 3 00
25 Giant Powder Con ,. S7 73
15 Giant Powder Con.........*... S7 50
10 Hans. Plantation Co, cash 8 50
$2000 Hawaltan-C & S Co 5s 103 50
S3000 Hawaiian C & S Co 105 37V4
5 Honokaa S Co.. 32 25
25 Honokaa S Co... 32 37&
75 Hutchinson S P Co.....'. 23 75
100 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 29 75
"3 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 87^
C00 Makawell S Co.... 4S 12'^
50 Makawell S Co. b 10 48 12H
100 Makawejl S Co. cash.... 4S 00
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s.. 115 CO ,
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s.. 113 12^
115 S F Gas & KlectrlcCo 47 00
5 Spring Valley Water 95 50 j
' , Afternoon Session. .
Board— ¦ '
110 Contra Costa Water 67 23
150 Equitable Gas 3 00
5 Giant Powder Con, cash... SS 00
10 Giant 'Powder Con 88 00
230 Giant : Powder Con.... 8J 0!)
5 Giant Powder Con 88 50
C5 Giant' Powder Con 89 50
30 Giant Powder Con 83 62^5
50 Honokaa. S Co .32 Z~\i,
33 Hutchinson S P Co ...23 73
110 Makawell S Co.......... : AS 12V4
20 Spring Valley Water 93 50
25 8 F Ges & Electric Co, s 90 47 00
. $i> S F.Gas & Electric Co........ 47 Oi)
100 Vlgorlt 3 37H
Street —
I 73 Honokaa S Co....... 32 37U
S3 Hutchinson S P Co.... ........;.. 23 75
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s.. 115 12', i
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnr Session.
Board—
: 100 Home OH. b SO. '. 4 Eo
: 100 Home; Oil. 4 35
150 Home Oil. b 30..... .....#........ 4 30
' 150 Home Oil ........;.............;... 4 25
100 Home Oil ....:;...:.:.:...:..... :..... 4 15
100 Home Oil :. 4 20
Stocks were active again on the morning j
session of the Bond Exchange, but fluctuations
were few. Gas and Electric was lower at $47,
and Contra Costa Water firmer at $67@67 12%. I
In the afternoon Giant Powder was active |
at $S8S?9 62H- Otherwise there was nothing
new.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm has de
clared a quarterly dividend of 5 cents, payable
on the 14th.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a divi
dend of 25 cents per share on the r>th.
The Utah Mining Company has levied an as-
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
dividend of 75 cents on the 12th.
The Paauhau Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 30 cents per share on the 10th
The California Street Cable Company will
pay a dividend of £0 cents on the 8th.
The Pacific Sheet Metal Works will pay a
dividend of 50 cents per share on the 5th.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a dhldend of 33 cents per share on the
10th.
The San Jose Water Company will pay a
dividend of CO cents per share on the 10th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TO SAIL.
CHICAGO, May 3.— The corn market began
the session weak because of lower cables, freer
country offerings and a slack demand. Liver
pool closed %@Uid lower, furnishing the main
influence. July opened H8*»c down at
40 s iCf409ic and after touching 39T4c, while no
body was looking, proceeded to break with great
rapidity. The slump was due to heavy general
liquidation led by two of the leaders In the
recent bull movement. The decline was checked
at 39-Tic, there being a fair demand after the
concession of a cent and a little rally fol
lowed, but the close was weak, July lc under
yesterday at 40c.
Wheat was dull and easy. Corn was the
dominant influence, while easy cables and the
favorable weather were contributory factors.
The speculative trade was light, but a fair
cash business — 260.C0O bushels — was accom
plished. New York reported thirty-two loads
taken for export. July opened ',ic under at
67><<867 3 »c, and on a little buying ascended to
67*i'«67Vic The wings of the market were
heavy with the corn weakness, and failed to
hold even that small elevation, and the mar
ket reacted to 667<gC. The close was easy.
July He lower at 67<g67V4c. The July-May spread
narrowed to lHc, elevator people taking the
May at that difference.
The oats market was unexpectedly firm In
view of the corn weakness. The market was
j sustained by a good shipping business. July
: closed HSVic down.
Provisions opened steady, but suffered a
rharp break in sympathy with corn and on
pome liquidation, but recovered It on buying'
by packers and closed steady. July pork
closed 74c down; July lard 2V2C higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tled weather Friday, with conditions favorable
for light showers; light southerly winds, chang
ing to westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Arizona— Fair Friday
Th# pressure has fallen steadily over the
country west of tlie Rocky Mountains. Condi
tions are still unfavorable fcr settled, fair
vecther on the Pacific slope.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary west of the Rock}" Mountain*, except
at t-ac-ramento, where It is considerably
wanr.fr. „ .
Light ehowcrs have occurred in Northern
California.
A max:rcusi wind velocity of M miles per
hour from the southeast is reported at Inde
j*nden<*e.
Forecast made at San Frar.c'.FCO for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 4. BN:
Northern California — Cloudy, with shotcerF.
Friday; light southerly wisds. becoming west
erly on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light west
erly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy TVlday. with showers in the
noTthe-aatere portion.
I'tah — Cloudy Friday.
FORECAST
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 3—5 p. m.
Ttie fcllowlr.g are the seasonal rainfalls to
tzle es compared with these of same date
'ast ' season. a:id rainfall in last twenty-four
h0an: L**t This Last
Slatio-» 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka". O.oi 47.99 23.34
I>3 B'.ufT ».» 21-M 20.OT
Buwanto 0,/> W.H W.W
Ban Francii?eo Trace 1S.10 16. W
Fresno O.Otf S.S4 ..IS
Independence 0-0» 3 -« £•»
Sax. Luis Otifpo 0.00 15. S2 16.41
Lo* Angela 0.00 €.06 4.S.
6an Diego 0.00 4.34 4.94
Vumi 0.00 1.23 1-34
San Frar.cisco data: Maximum temperature,
C3; rr.ir.irr.ura, &4; mran, SS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
The City of Rio Ce Janeiro took out a treas
cre shipment of SZ17.S3S. consisting of 1149,205
In Mexican dollar*, JS33 in gold coin and J6..SOO
la «!lver bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
Tfce Helen N. KlmbftU lcftfls i*«wood at
Eureka, for KaouluL
Charters.
Money was tight on the call for 10 per cent
of the war loan, although this had been pre
pared for. Call money was ; higher early, but
closed at 4 per cent. The bank did a moderate
business In discounts and received the bulk of
considerable loans due. No gold is expected
from America,
The 6llver market apparently miscalculated
the Americans' position. New York Is now
holding for 27%. while forced sales were ex
pected.
M| CLOSING.
LONDON* May 8.— Union Pacific preferred.
Anacondas were heavy, being adjusted to par
ity, which now regulates the prices. Paris
supported Tlntos. i
j Americans opened depressed, went under
parities, but rallied above them on a dispatch
I announcing that the New' York Central strike
was eettled. It Is hoped that this will be a
forerunner of similar settlements elsewhere.
Prices weakened on complete absence of con
firmation of the first report. New York sup
ported slightly, but In the street prices were
reactionary and featureless. .
The markets here began dull to-day, then
hardened slightly on a canard that Lord Rob
erts had captured £000 Boers and sixteen guns.
The market relapsed on publication of the tame
actual dispatch and the close was irregular.
Investment securities . were <weak on the dis
appointing t-iuik returns.
London Market.
NEW YORK. May J.— The Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says:
j WASHINGTON, May 3.— To-day's statement
j of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,0C0,WO gold reserve In the
j division of redemption, shows: Available cash
j balance. $145,230,872; cold. $79,295,974.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. May 3.— Money on call, easy at
1HS-U P^r cent; last loan, 1% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 434V4 per cent. Sterling ex
change, firmer, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 SSH for demand and at $4 84%
for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 8504 85% and
$4 S9£4 E9%. Commercial bills, $4 &ZY4.<3i S4>4.
Silver certiflcatcs; C0%®60%c. Bar silver. COc.
Mexican dollars. 47%c. Government bonds,
strong; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds,
weak.
New York Money Market.
Money — , Union Pacific 55%
Call loans 3 ©4 ; Union Land !
Tin-.- loans 3'*@44J\Vest End 9i
Stocks— | West Elec 45'4
Atchison 25% «onds—
Atchison prefd 70 I Atchison 4s 100
Am Sugar J14>4[ Mining Shares —
Anj Sugar prefd 112 iAdventure 4%
Hell Telephone 311 Allouez Mln Co IS
Boston & Albany.. 144 Amal Copper E8&
Boston Elevated. ..H3 'Atlantic 23*4
Boston & Maine 1S2 -BoFton & Mont 230
C B & Q 125 "4 Butte & Boston 68
Dom Coal 43H; Calumet & Hecla..753
Dom Coal prefd 117 iCentennlal J7«4
Federal Steel 40U : Franklin 14U
Fed Steel prefd eS^Humboldt 75
Fitchburg prefd. ...125 'Osceola 66
General Electric. ..1S6 Parrot 43
Kd Elec 111 205 Qulncy 137
Mex Central 13%! Santa Fe Copper... 5
V E G & Coke IS 'Utah Mining 23
Old Colony 203 jWlnona 3%
Old Dominion lesijWolverines 40
Rubber
AND BONUS
BOSTON STOCKS
Chollar li 1 . Ontario S 25
Cror.n Point 1H Ophlr 50
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Plymouth 12
,V*-a<lwood 55 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 15 i do preferred .... 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 2S Sierra Nevada — 3 30
Honvstake 50 00 Standard 3 8)
Iron Sliver €S : Union Ccn 17
Mexican 5S Yellow Jacket .... 17
MINING STOCKS.
CLOSING BONDS
U P refunding 2s jM K & T 4s 93*;
whrn issued tOWN Y Or.t lsts ....110H
do 2s reg SSU'N J Cent jren 5s. .123
<io 3s r»g 109 No Carolina Cs 127
do 3s coup 109 ! No Carolina 4s 106
do new 4s reg ...133^iNo Pacific 2s €7'i
do new 4s coup ..133'j|No Pacific 4s ....103»*
do old 4s reg ....U4^|N V C & St L 4s.. 106
do old 4s coup....H4 s 4lNor & W con 4s. 97'i
do .'.? ree 112>±iNor & W tren 6s.. 132
do 5s coup 112'-'Or Nav lsts 108
LM-t of Col 3-65S..121 (Or Nav <s 103H
Atohison gen 4s...lOOV 9 Or Short Line 6s..l2S
Atohison adj 4s .. S3VOr S L con os. ...113
Can So 2ds ......107 jReadlng gen 4s.... SSV4
C & O 4^s 99 lR G Wost lsts.... 99Vi
«• & O as UTtfjSt L & I M con 5s. 110
C ft NW con 7K....141U St I. & S F gen 6s.l24
C & NW KFdeb Ss.llSVi St P con 171%
Chicago Term 4?.. 97 iStPCtP lets.. .120
D & R G lsts.... 104% St P C & P 5s 121
D & R G 4s S'JVSo R>' Bs 112U
E T Va & Ga Uts.102% Stand R & T 6s.... 70U
Erie Gen 4s 73 ;Tenn new set 3s.. 9.">
Ft W & I> C lsts.. 71 jT & P Ists 115Vi
General Elec -S....120 IT S: P Ids 60
G H &. S A 6s 107 iTTnion Pacific 4s. .105
G H & S A 2ds....K'S : Wabash lsts lir.»;
H & T C os lll'iiWabaeh 2e!s 1C2%
H & T C con 6s. .110 iWest Shore 4s ....113>i
Iowa Cent lFts UV-i Wis Cent lsts 91
K C P i G lsts.. 71^ Va Centuries 9Hj
La new con 4s \O&'-,» Va deferred 5
L & N unified 4s..l<*l i Colo So 4» S3%
M K & T 21s 69 So Pacific 4s S3U
1,7*6 Union Pacific prefd 74H
$30 Webash S^fc
2.SM Wabash prefd 22H
2V) Wheeling & Lake Erie 9"4
X.68S Whaling & Lake Erie prefd 27H
700 Wisconsin Central 17
Express companies —
Adams 125
American 153
rr.lt«?u States 47
Wrlls-Fargo .• 124
Miscellaneous —
RIO American Cotton Oil 35
1SI American Cotton Oil prefd 95
American MaJtlng 3H
3C0 American Malting prefd 52
710 American Smelting & Refining 38*4
820 Ameriran Smelting & Refln prefd... SS l »
American Spirits 2 1 *
American Spirits prefd 17
L4?0 American Pteel Hoop 24%
2iT0 American Steel Hoop prefd 7I'j
9.S33 American Steel & Wire 33»»
5.9T0 American Steel & Wire prefd 771,
1,030 American Tin Plate 26Vi
200 American Tin Plate r""M 77 l i
3.1(iO American Tobacco '..103
American Tobacco prefd 130
4^0 Anaconda Mining Co 44H i
6,6" Brooklyn Rapid Tr&tisit 72 7 i \
1.3") Colorado Fuel & Iroa S3 1 ;
2.C73 Continental Tobacco 27 T »
S0>» Continental Tobaoco prefd fcO*i
5.410 Federal Steel 4^
400 Federal Pteel prefd 6s Vi
T>KS General Electric 135
2CU Glucose Sugar 50
Glucose Sugar prefd &5
1.200 International Paper 23^i
220 International Paper prefd 64V4
TOG Laclede Go* 6S
National Biscuit 31H
National Biscuit prefd SO
200 National Lead 21Vi
163 National Lead prefd 1C2H
242 National Steel 32U
6i'O National Steel prefd &S 1 *
New York Air Brake 125
North American H%
Pacific Coast «
Pacific Ccast let prefd S3
Pacific Coast M prefd 60
ICO Pacific Mail 3 - l i
l.€45 People** Gas 1P3V«.
Preyed Pt<«l Car 47
Pressed Steel Car prefd S0V4
Pullman Palace Car 1S4
Standard Rcpe & Twine »*i
5S.S45 Suptr }}***
Sugar prefd ill
4.C50 Tennej-see Coal & Iron .?£
2.143 Vnited States Lc-ather 12H
3<>0 ITnlt-a States Leather prefd <0'*
620 United States Rubber 29T»
210 I'nited States Rubber prefd So
412 Western Union |1V4
Iffl Republic Iron & Steel 154
l'ef'l Republic Iron & Steel prefd \. EC*
p c C & St Louis «'2
1,434 Third Avenue 1°<
30?, 100 Shares sold.
ccurse of erection on lot on S side of Market
street, between Fifth and Sixth, commencing
7S feet from Sixth: S2S40.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Bertha Schonwosser (o-arner) with Hugh
Keenan (contractor), architect M. J. Lyon— All
alterations and additions to frame building on
lot on NE corner of Sutter and Webster streets
E 5S by N 90; $1325.
Ow Tin Kee and Hoo Foy (owners) with M.
V. Brady (contractor), architect Charles Zi
Soule — Tearing down and rebuilding and all
other necessary alterations to make a four
story brick building on lot on W line of
Dupont street, Sl:2 S of Jackson. S 1S:6 by
W ICO; $3900.
Charles Bush (owner) with William Helblncr
(contractor), architect Philipp Schwerdt— All
work except plumbing, painting, electric work,
marble. Iron, gas fixtures, mantels, tiles and
shades for a three-story attic and basement
frame building on lot on N line of Eddy street.
25:6 E of Franklin. — 27, N 120, W 27. S 120;
$10,500.
Same owner with James F. Ford (contractor),
architect same— Sewering, plumbing and gas
fitting for same on same; $1550.
Harry Bush (owner) with William Helblng
(contractor), architect same— Same work as In
first contract with Charles Buxh for same style
of building on lot on NE corner of Eddy and
Franklin streets, E 23:6 by N 120: $13,150.
Same owner with .James F. Ford (contractor),
nrchftect same— Sewering, plumbing and gas
fitting for same on same; $1500.
¦ . T. J. Parsons (owner) with Charles M. Depew
(contractor), architect T. Patterson Ross — Grad
ing, concrete, brick, carpenter, roofing, sewer
ing and Iron work for a two-story brick and
concrete basement warehouse on lot on SW
corner of Stanford and Brannan streets. W SO
by S 106:3; J13.237.
Hale Bros, (a corporation) (owner*) with Cal
ifornia Artistic Metal and Wire Company (con
tractor), architects Reid Dros.— Metal work in
connection with store fronts, together with
metal sash fer windows for building now In
Jeremiah J. Galrin to Susie A. Galvln. lot on
S line of Sutter street. 87:6 E of Scott. E 25 by
Cathe M. Mb-rtens to John Martens, lot on S
line of Ellis street. 30 E of Farren avenue, fc
30 by S 75 (reserving life estate): also lot on L
line of Farren avenue, 75 S of ElUs. street, s 2)
by E 75; also property outside of county (quu-
John Martens to Edward Frtedlander, lot on
E line of Farren avenu<s, 75 S of Ellis street.
S 25 by E 75; J10.
Sarah F Daly (wife of John B.) to Henry
E. Bothin lot on NW line of Mission street.
100 NE of Tenth, -\E 30. by NW 87:6; %\<>.
Sarah J. de la Montanya (widow) and Faran
J. de la Montanya (single; to James de la Mon
tanya. lot r,n X line of Clay street. 324:3 E of
Drumm. E 100:7 by N 115: lot on W line «/ F °»
som street. 100 NE of Thirteenth. W 13*. Nb 1~».
SE 13S, S\V 92:6; lot on SW corner of Pierce and
Turk streets. \V 27:6 by S 95; $10.
James de Ja Montanya and fearah J. de la
Montanya (flngle) to Sarah J. de la Montanyu
(widow), lot on fc'E corner of Washington arvj
Drumm streets. S 115 by E 137:6; also lot op SE
corner of Broadway and Powell street. E o9 by
Sarah X de la Montanya 4 widow) and Jama*
de 'a Mun'anya to* Sarah J. de la Montanya
(single), lot on SW corner of Battery and Com
mercial streets. S 73:S by W 64; lot on bE cor
ner of Clay and Davt« tUwetft. • fc. <¦>. » 119:6.,
W 2.'. N 59:9. W 50. N 59:9: lot on NW corner of
Clay and Powell streets. N 45:10 by W 68:9; lo;
on NE corner of Pacific and Leavenworth
streets. £ fcO by E 45; $10. •
Sarah J. de la Montanya (widow) to James de
la Montanya and Sarah J. de la Montanya (sin
gle), lot on NE corner of Jackson and Sansome
streets. E 137:6 by N 45:10: J10.
Henry L. Davis to Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society lot on NE corner of Montgomery and
Jackson streets, E £0 by N GO; $5
Kiterr.ia Savings and Loan society to Luigl
Nunzlato. same; J12.5UO.
Maria Switzer to Charlotte Drew, lotn on >
line of Putter street. 49:4 E of Leavenworth. S
23-<5«i by N 6»:9; gift. " '
John D. Hein* to S. C. Buckbee. lot on XV>
line of Folsom street. 120 SW of Beale, S\V 12:8
b> E^tate 1 oV George MofTatt (by Lizzie TV. Mof
fatt trustee) to George II. Moffatt. lot on SE
line.' of Market street. 330 SW of Seventh SW
77:6 by SE 1«5; lot on N line of Golden Gate
avenue. 6s:9 E of Jones, E 82:6 by N 137:6; lot
on NW corner of Larkin and Ellis streets. N
CO bv \V S5; also property outside of county.
Andrew J. Soule to David F. McGraw, lot on
E line of Fifth avenue, 125 N of Clement street.
*&£«£ G.tz to Elizabeth Neu
mann, lot on S line of II street. 82:6 W of
Eighth avenue. W 25 by S 100; 110.
California Title Insurance and Trust Corn
pany to Josle Cramer, lot W. block 1. bubdlvl
s'.on 1. Castro-street Addition; $10.
Alameda County.
Veronica and J. C. Bassett to John J. Tackle
lot on N line of Twentieth street. l:>0 AV of
Brush W 25 by N 100J being the E half of lot
12, block L, Curtis & Williams Tract. Oak-
a Ed'ward Watchers to Annie E. Watchers, lot
en N line of Twenty-first street. 100 t of Ade
line N 101. 2S. E *>, S 100. W 30.03 to begin
ning, block 620. subject to right of way. Oak-
a George W. and Nellie M. Arper to W. P. and
Julia A Beauchamp, lot on NE line of East
Fifteenth street, 50 NW of Twenty-second ave
nue, NW 2:> by NE 140. being lot 10. block 24.
San' Antonio. East Oakland: $10.
A A Fink to Julia Welsfrnhavern. lot on
W l'ne of Sixth «treet, 205 N of Rose, W 123
by N 25. being lot 15. block 26. on Mao of
1 M AVent worth Boot and Shoe Company's
Tract to correct former de?d. Berkeley; $10.
Herman and Eliese von Duren to John W.
and Marie Rohcie. lot on N line of Tobler
street. J'iO E of Bray avenue. E 26 by N 171.72.
being lot 7. Lamp Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
James H. Brooks to Lou Brooks, lot 5, block
D, on mart of sub Iot9 D and C, Champion
Tract. Brooklyn Township; also lot on line
of Pan Antonio avenue. 400 W of Willow street.
W to by S 150. being lot IS In E half block M.
lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda: gift.
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to Mary Dewing,
re-record of 6?2 d. 95. lot on NW line of Per
alta street. 270.C9 XE from N line of Jones ave
nue or County road No. 1995, NE 50. NW 112.31.
SW 50.C2. SE 110.92 to begnnlng. being lots 12
and 13. block E. Elmhurst Tract. Brooklyn
; Township; $10.
August J. and Virginia Costa to Minnie
Dro?sel. lot on NE line of Harman avenue,
190.60 SE of Nutley avenue. SE 75 by NE 10S,
being lots IS, 19 and : 20, Map of Seminary
Avenue Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
! A. Bateman to Leander Quint, lot beginning
, at a point 216 W from SW corner of Part)
¦ street and Buena Vista avenue. W 63. N 600, E
63. 'S 600 to beginning. Alameda: $1000.
Frederick A. Koetltz to Mrs. T. H. Renton
(wife of T. H.). lot on W line of Walnut
street. 120 S of Clinton avenue. S 40 by W 125.
beins lot 4. block D, Bellevue Tract. Alameda;
$2300.
Oscar Sutro to Edward R. Marriott, lot on
SW corner of Height a%'enue and Fourth street.
S 135, W 45.46, N to a point on S line of Haight
i avenue, distant 48 W of SW corner of Ha'.ght
avenue and Fonrth street, E 46 to beginning,
being lot 14. block C, Amended Map Resub
divlsicn Haight Tract. Alameda: $10.
Harry A. and Minnie T. Smith to Oscar
Sutro, lot on N Sine of Santa Clara avenue.
250 W of Fourth street. E 250. N 270. W 250.
S 270 to beginning, being lots 22 to 28 and 9
to 14 and portion lot S. block C. on Amended
Map of Resubdlvlslon Haight Tract, subject
to a mortgage for $4000, Alameda ; $10.
Henry W. P. and Alvtna Wackenroder to 1.
F. Poston, lot 4, Nielson Tract Map 2. Soto
Rancho, Eden Township; grant.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In th« order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives th« second tide n{
the day, the third time column the thlril tld?
and th« last or right hand column fives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three. tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Klven ar* In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts. exe*vt
when a minus tiicn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
th» depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises s;j
Sun sets t-jj
Moon sets... 0:CO a, m
NUTS— Walnuts,- 8<jT9c tor Standards and
9©10o for softshells; Almonds. ll%@12c v for
paper shell, 9©10c for soft and 4@5c for hard
ehell.' Peanuts. 5yj@6%c for Eastern and 5c for
California. - Brazil - Nuts. 7H6Sc. Filberts,: 12@
12Hc. Pecans. > ll©13c. CocoanuU. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 1114012c for bright and 10*49
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's ' Fancy, per
lb, 10c'; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per. lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. S'/ic: choice/ VAs; standard, 6Vic;
prime. 6c: unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless.
50-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5V4c;
3-crown, 6Vic; - 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 60 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 CO; Imperial. $3. AH
prices are f; o. b.' at, common, shipping points
In California. ' - ' .
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks, 3%c for
40-50' s.3Hc for fO-60's, 3Hc for 60-70's, 3S3V4c for
70-SO's, 2»i©3c for S0-90's and 2Hc for 90-100's:
Apricots. S@10c for. Royals and 10@llc 'for
Moorparks; Peaches. 4 1 ,4 1 3'<%c for Standards, 5c
for choice and &Vs®6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches,
10(?12ljc; -Evaporated Apples, 5V4@6c: Sun-dried.
304c per lb; Pears, 3V4ftf4&c for dark and 7@8c
for bright- halves; Black Figs." l%@ l 2c;. White
Figs. 2«?3c: Bleached \ Plums. 7V4c; unbleached
Plums, Cc for pitted and l^c for unpltted.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, ; $1 25^2 75
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 75:' Lemons, $l$ri 50
for common and $2Jjf2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4©4 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen:
CHERRIES— 60c@$l per box for red and white
and $1 | S1 50 for black. Receipts were 553 boxes.
APPLKS— 75cifT$2 per box.
STRAWBERRIES- $4®5 per chest for large
and $5Q8 for small berries. Receipts were 422
chests.
Cherries continued firm, though there were
some left on hand at the close. Berries stood
about the same.
Arrival of 476 boxes of fresh Mexican Limes.
DECIDUOUS KRUITS— ,
More Gooseberries came In and sold at 40®
00c per drawer for small and 63c for Oregon
Improved.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Butter Is dull, aa buyers have temporarily left
the marflet. Store Eggs show less firmness,
owing to the receipts from the East, and ranch
are also quiet. There Is nothing new in
Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, l"Hc; seconds,
16M,<8>17c
Dairy— Fancy. 16 1 / 43'17c; good to choice. 14@
16c: common. 14c.
CHEESE— New, 7H6$c: Young America, 8®
S^c: Eastern, Wffic; Western. 15®l$c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14V4S15Hc for store and
16(5ri7Hc per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lSgloHc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY — Live 11® 12c for Gob
blers and 13{fl4c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
11 50©l 75: Goslings. $2«2 60: Ducks, $4 50<&5 50
for old and %S@7 for young; Hens, $4 50®5 50;
Young Roosters, $6®7; Old Roosters. $4 25®4 60;
Fryers. $5@5 £0; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large and
$2^3 for smalV: Pigeons, $1 75®2 per dozen for
old and $1 75JjV for Squabs. •
Eastern Is selling at 12@14c for Turkeys. $5 30
for Ducks, $5 for old Roosters and $5 5O@6 50
for Hens. Local stock Is steady with moderate
supplies.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25®73c per box;
Asparagus. TJcfoJl 25 per box for No. 2 and
« EOifil 75 for No. 1 and $2©2 25 for fancy large;
Grefn Peas. 75ciijl 25 per sack for common and
SI f,0 for Garden; String Beans, 4@6c for
I^os Angeles and 4@3c for Vacavllle; Horse
Beans, 40«J75e per Back; Cabbage, 40<550c; To
matoes. $125*1.75: Egg Plant from Los Ange
les, 10c: Dried Okra. 3214c per lb; Garlic. S@
10c; Green Pepper* from Los Aneeles, 6®10c;
Dried Peppers, SQHOc; Carrots, 25(gS5c per sack;
Los Angeles Summer Squash, $1 25@1 50 per
box; Cucumbers, 35c@$l per dozen.
POTATOES — Burbanks. 40(p75c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks. C0&90C; New Potatoes. 75c(g$l 73.
ONIONS— New Red, $1 50@l 75 per ctl; Aus
tralian. $7<P tier ctl.
Receipts weie C24 boxes Asparagus. 436 boxes
Rhubarb. 1161 Backs Peas and 2S4 boxes and 519
sacks New Potatoes.
Sweet Potatoes came In from Merced and
sold at $2. Otherwise there was nothing new in
Potatoes. Onions wpre lower.
Supplies of Vegetables were liberal, with the
exception of Asparagus and Beans, both of
which were firm.
Everything under this head continues dull at
previous prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $3ig3 25; small White, $3 25®
3 EO; large White. $3 2003 25; Pink. $2 25@2 So;
Red, $363 £0; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima. $3 25; Pea, $3 40ff3 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 50*^4.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4H#4%c: Flax, $1 S0^2 20; Canary,
Stye P*r lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9<310c; Rape, 2H l 53c; Hemp. 4Q4V4c;
Timothy, 4©4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90g2 25; Green, $1 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
MIDDLINGS— J17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. |15®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26327; Jobbing.
$27 50<52S; Cocoanut Cake. {20@21; Corn Meal.
$25; Cracked Corn. $25 SO; Mixed Feed. $15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.' ,
HAY— Wheat. V&9 for common to good; J9 50
for choice and occasionally !1<V Wheat find Ont.
I6 5CG9; Oat, $6®S; Barley. . J53>7: Alfalfa, $53
7 50 tier ton.
STRAW— 25-235C per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Forty-four tens of new Alfalfa Hay arrived
from the river and was bid in "as is" at $5
per ton. Otherwise there was nothing new.
BltAN— J12@13 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California family extras, ti 6033 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25iJ?3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50: Rice Flour. »7; Corn Meal,. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 255J3 &0: Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 25;
Farina. $4 c0; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6i37 25; in sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas, $G 50 per
100 lbs.
Flour and Millshiffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Mornins Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market continues neglected.
White. $110«il30: Red, $l#120; Gray, $1C.%@
1.15: Black. J1S1O7V4.
CORN— Enstorn large yellow is offering again
nt $1 15@1 17 14 per ctl; Eastern white is quoted
at $l«rl 10 per ctl.
RYE— 95<397%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sale*.
Second Session— No sales. ,.-«,
Regular Morning Session— December— 10,000
ctl?, U02% : 12,000. $IC2%. „
Afternoon session — December — 16,000 ctls,
$1 02%.
BAKLET— There Is nothing golns on, either
in the tamr.Ie market or on call. Quotations
remain unchanged.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 70<372M:C for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, S0S85c; Cheva
lier, nominal.
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— Paris continued to decline. Chicago
vraa dull and weak with a further decline ex
pected, owlne to the lncreastnc weakness In
Corn, which, according to private wires, look
ed like a selling proposition, as the Interior
movement U Increasing and the buying power
1* apparently exhausted. Still, there waa a
eteady undertone to Wheat and llsrht frosta
were reported In the "West and Northwest. .
The local market was very dull.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 9S@SGUc; milling, 97&e
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 Sj/4
Sterling Exchange, sight — * «-?
Sterling Cables — *
New York Exchange, sight — if*
New York Exchange, telegraphic — • !••
Fine Silver, per ounce — , J"
Mexican Dollars *SV4 *»
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged,
liliect't'cry dull and lower on call.
Shipment of $217,835 to China.
Barley, Oats and Rye dull.
Eastern 'large yellozv Corn offering again.
Hew Alfalfa Hay arrived from the river.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Omens about the same.
Cherries continue firm. Other fruits' steady.
Butiir, Cheese and Eggs still quiet.
Poultry in sufficient supply.
Nothing tiro? in Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur »t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) ab->ut
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Po! r ...
the height of tide Is the same at both plaeei'
Waters at Fort " Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NEW TORK, May 3.— In sympathy with un
satisfactory cables the market for metals as a
whole was generally easier. Tin eased off
about 25 points, with a Blow trada and the
drop of 15 shillings in that metal in London.
The close was easy, with prices on the basis
of $29 75 bid and $30 asked. Pig iron warrants
were weak and nominal; Northern No. 1
foundry was quoted at I21<??23. Lake copper
ruled dull and unchanged. Lead was also dull
and unchanged on the basis of $4 67Vi bid and
$4 72V» asked. Spelter, however, was a shade
firmer on a good expert demand, closing firm
in tone and 2M,e higher at $4 62»4 bid and $4 55
asked. The brokers' price for lead was $4 45
and for cepper Jl"®!' 25.
New York Metal Market.
The market for evaporated apples ruled mod
erately active and steady at unchanged prices.
California dried fruits were dull and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
Jww; prime, 5H«S6c; choice. 7&2Vic; fancy,
i'.t<S8c. •
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-SH@7c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. 13©15c; Moorpark. 15@l?c.
PEACHES— Peeled. lSJT22c; unpeeled, 7>4(ff9c.
DRIED FRUITS.
V\ OOL— Dull. *
COFFEE— Futures closed steady, with prices
u » I Vvi ange<1 to 5 P<"nts net lower: total sales,
affS '^ ncludlne June at * 6 63 5 September,
56 8^(g6 90: October, J6 80: November. J6 95- De
cember, $7 1S@7 20; January, $7 20; March, $7 30.
Spot Rio, nominal; No. 7 invoice, "Tic; mild
quiet; Cardova, 9i;©14He.
SUGAR— Raw. firm ; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts,- 4773 packages; firm;
""rtern creamery. 16g~20c; factory. 13<gl4»i C .
EGGS — Receipts, 8709 packages; storage West
ern at mark, 13-4c; regular packing, 12@13c.
N'EW TORK, May S.-FLOUR-Recelpts. 16,
015 barrels; exports, 2S.S24 barrels; rather slow
and somewhat easier because of the break in
wheat. .
J ,c^ HEAT ~ Recelpts> ls: .22O bushels; exports,
45.9Co bushels; spot, strong; No. 2 red, SO^c f.
o. b. afloat, ppot; No. 2 red, 77c, elevator-
No. 1 Northern Duluth, export, f. o. b. afloat
to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 78c f. o. b. afloat.
Options were steady at first on moderate sup
ply, but gave way later In response to heav
iness in corn, general liquidation and failure
of frost new* to alarm shorts; after a late
rally with corn the market el.- Bed steady at
S!Sg S&ffiffiii £Sg S^n&cfS
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
7KH: Northern Pacific preferred, TTVi: Grand
Trunk, ""¦»; Anaconda, 9; bar silver, steady,
27 9-16d per ounce; money, 4 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL. May 3.— WHEAT— Spot, firm;
No. 1 California, 6s 4<l(jf6s 4Vjd; No. 1 North
ern spring. 5s liu.d; futures, quiet; May,
5s OHd; July. 5a 9<J."
CORN— Spot, dull; American mixed, new,
4s 2»4d; futures, easy; May, 4s 2d; July. 4s **d;
September, 4s ?;d.
LONDON, May 3.-;-Consols. 100 11-16. Silver,
27 9-16d.- French rentes,- lOOf 80c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady. English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, May 3.— WHEAT— Firm; No. 1
standard California. Cs 4d@6s 4V4d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, weak,
COTTON— Uplands, 6 15-32d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
lower: blueetem ; E5c: club. E2c; both for sea
port.
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 4,210:
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 5,920!
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 3.154'
FOR THURSDAY, MAY 3.
Flour, qr sks.... 18,634 1 Hops, bales ...... 105
Barley, ctls 2.790|\Vool, bags 155
Corn, ctls 500J Pelts, bndls «0
Cheese, ctls...... 207'Quicksilver, flsks 220
Butter, ctls 617 Eggs, doz 24.810
Tallow, ctls 23il;\Vine, gals 26,700
Potatoes, sks 2.7S2: Chicory, bbla 15
Onions, sks S90'Sugar, bbls '730
Bran, sks 100 Lime, bbls 273
Sugar, sks 2,900 Hides. No 369
Hay, tons 412 Leather.* rolls ... C3
Straw, tens Z{
Receipts of Produce.
Imports from the Islands in April were 535.-
SS4 bags, making a total of 1,234,000 bags dur
ing the first four months of the year.
SIJGAK— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in 10O-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.50c: Powdered,
5,50c; Candy Granulated. 5.10c; Dry Granulated,
5c; Confectioners' A, 5c; Magnolia A, 4.60c;
Extra C, 4.50c; Golden C. 4.40c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
LO-lb bass. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnoa,
half-barrels. b.loc; boxes, fie per lb.
COAL— Wellington. $8 Der ton; new Welling
ton. IS; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seattle.
$6 50; Bryant. 16 50; Coos Bay, $3; Wallsend. JS:
Co-operative Wallsend. JS; Cumberland. $12 In
bulk and 113 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Epic, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton In bulk and $17 in sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $8 45 per 2000 lbs.
BAGS— San Quentln Bars, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Baes, 6Vi36ftc; "Wool Bags, 2SH@32V4c;
Fleece Twine, 7Vic.
General Merchandise.
LAMB— Spring, SQ9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hog*. 5%@6Hc for small and
medium and 5',4@5%ic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5Vi@5>ic; dressed Hogs, 7@SVic.
BEEF— 6S6%e per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6#@9c per lb.
MUTTOX— Wethers. 7@7 1 ,ic; ewes. 6%®7c per
lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10c; : medium, 9c; light. 9c; Cowhides, 9c; Stags,
7c: Salted Kip, 10c; Calf. 10c; Dry Hides,
sound, 18c; culls and brands. 15c; Dry Kip and
Veal. 16@17c; Dry Calf, . 19@20c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15330c each; ehort Wool, 35® 60c
each; medium, 70Q90c; long Wool, $1®1 25 each;
Horse Hides, $2 25®3 for large and $1 25^1 75
for small; Colts, 25@50c. Deer Skins— Summer
or red skins. 40c; fall or medium bkins. 35c;
winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat Skins— Prime
Angoras, Tie; large and smooth, St*;; medium,
S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, ofio'jc per lb; No.
2, 4{}4Hc; refined, 6Hc; grease. 2&@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 16@lSc; Northern defective, 13®
16c: Middle County, free, io@17c; Middle County,
defective. 13@15c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 12S13c; do, free. 7 months", i:®l«c; do,
defective, 7 months'. lC@12c; Humboldt and
Mendoctno. 20^ 23c; Nevada. 16Q18C per lb.
HOPS-6S9C Der lb.
Previous crlces rule for all descriptions.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at ~<8$c per lb for
compound and 8te@9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, y'.ie; 10-lb tins. 9*ie; D-lb tins. 10V4c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. S%©8%c per lb: half
barrels. 8y4@8%c: 10-lb tins, 9Hc.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14 He for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13H@14c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Fork. $14 C0@15; extra clear. $19; Mess. $16 £0;
Smoked IWi, 12>ii&13u per lb.
There Is nothing: new,-, trade being dull at
the old prices.
Provisions.
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
T«cic; light amber extracted. 7>;®H§c; dark.
DV-fafta per 1b. : . ...» , • ? C : »* s-i
BEESWAX-24«?26o per lb.
« THUR5UAT. May 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. *"» Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 04 Justice 03 .03
Alta 0J 04 Kentuck- — 01
Andes 03 10 Lady "Wash .... - 05
Belcher 12 15 Mexican 28 29
Best & Belcher 17 l.t Occidental OS V>
Bullion 02 03 Ophir S3 »l
Caledonia 1 35 1 4S Overman 20 21
Chollar 21 22 Potosl 24 2.>
Challenge Con.. 16 17 Savage 06 0.
Confidence 80 S3 Scorpion — «-
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 60 Seg Belcher.... W C3
Con Imperial... - 01 Sierra Nevada. 34 Ss
Con New York — 04 Silver Mill U "
Eureka Con — &O St Louis — 1-
Crown Point... 10 12jStandard 3 60 4 00
Exchequer - 03> Syndicate 0b -
Gould & Curry 20 21 Union Con 21 2-
Hale & Norc... 33 34 Utah •.••¦••••••• J?,
Julia — C3, Yellow Jacket.. 20 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 13- 300 Overman 20
100 Caledonia ......1 40' 2U> Sierra Nevada. 3S
2C0 Mexican 2S| «K> Sierra Nevada. 57Ms
£00 Ophlr 53, oOO Yellow Jacket.. 20
200 Ophlr 54l
Morning, Session.
300 Best & Belcher IS 2CO Guuld & Curry 20
130 Con Cal & Va..l 53j M0 Ophlr •*"
300 Con Cal & V.I S7Vj! 2C0 Ophlr »*
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock and Exchange Beard yesterday:
20 Best & Belcher IS 200 Ophlr S*
10O Caledonia 1 40 l.'iO Savage 0*
400 Con Cal & Va..l 60 400 Sierra Nevada. 37
400 'Gould & Curry 20 -;¦..<
Afternoon Session
200 Belcher ;.. 12 200 Stiver Hill »
300 Best & Belcher 18 100 Silver Hill 17
100 Con Cal & Va..l 55 600 Union Con 23
600 Gould & Curry 20; 300 Utah W
CO Sierra Nevada. 33
Morning Session,
MIXING STOCKS.
The following were the tales In the San
Francisco Stock and Excnange Board yester
day:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE STOCK MARKET
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
FRIDAY. MAT 4.
ARTICLES. (Receipts.! Shlpm'ts,
ARTICLES.
Flour, barrels 1.000 13,000
Wheat, burhels 165.000 98,000
Corn, bushels 198.000 62.000
Oats, bushels 141.000 130.000
Rye, bushels 6,000 3.000
Barley, bushels 29.000 6,000
ARTICLES. jOpen. High.| Low. Close.
• Wheat No. 2—
May C5% C5»i 63U 65%
July 67% 67^ 66Ti 67Vi
Corn No. 2— »
May 3S?i 39»; 33 33U
July 40*4 40*; 39»; 40
September 4H4 41H 40% 40%
Oats No. Z—
May 22»; 23 22»; 22T4
July 23H 23',4 23", 23»«,
Sfptfmber 22^ 23 22?4 22 7 »
Me.«s pork, bbl —
May II 97-4 12 05 11 S5 12 00
July 12 15 12 20 11 SO 12 10
Lard. 100 lbs— I
May 6 S2H 6 93 f 6 S2»,j 6 93
July 6 97Vj 7 02%| 6 mi 6 9*4
September 6 97»i 7 02H 6 S7V4 6 97H
Short ribs, 100 lbs—
May 6 70 6 70 6 70 6 70
July 6 73 6 82% 6 65 6 80
September 6 72H 6 77H! 6 65 6 77H
Steamer.
Drstlnation
Sails.
Pier
Arcat* [Coos Bay May 4.12 m Pier 13
Thyra China & Japan May 6. 10 ami Pier 27
Corona ISan Dl»*o. ...Way R. 11 amiPxr II
Cleveland ..(Puget Sound.. jMay B. Bpm;Pler 2
North ForkjHumboldt May 6. • am, Pier 2
Kruger iTlUamook May 5. i pm'P'.er 2
Walla Wall Vic &. P*t 3d. May «. 11 am; Pier ..
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. May 7. 2 pm|Pler 1
Bonlta Newport May 7, 9 am; Pier U
Columbia .. Portland May 8. HamPier'*
Acapulco .. Panama May 8. 12 mlPMSS
Samoa iHumboIdt May ». 10 ampler n
Pomona — IHumboIdt May 8. 2 pm'Pler 9 ¦
S. PortlandiCajx- Nome.... May 8. 2 pm:Pler N
Curacao IMexlco |May 8. Wam'Plerll
Rosa'San D1ej;o IMay !«. II am Pier !l
Aloha [Cape Nome.... [May 9, 3 pm Pier t
Tlllamook .ITillamook May 10,
K. Th'mpsnlCape Nome.... IMay It) ."
Rainier ICape Nome....!May 10
Aloha iCape Nome !May 10 T**»
Coptic 'China &Japan' May 11. lpnlPMSs'
Coos Bay... i Newport |May 11. 9 amiPier H
riiiotllla ...iVlc & Pgt Sd. May 11. 11 amiPier 11
Stateof Call Portland (May 13. llamlPler'l
Steamer. I From. | Due.
From.
Due.
i •¦
Acapulco ! Panama ]May 4
Point Arena 'Point Arena M*y 4
Coptic I China and Japan May 4
Alameda Syjney May 4
I'r ocreso ...I iTacoma Mar 4
Thyra [China and Japan Mar 4
Mackinaw Seattle May 4
Columbia Portland May i
Bonita Newport May 3
Samoa Humboldt May 5
Washtenaw .... Tsooma Mar S
Pomona 'HuniboKIt May •
I'matiMa Victoria & Pujcet Sound May 7
Santa Rosa San Diego May 7
Tlllamook THIamook Bay May 7
\Varfleld Oyster Harbor May T
Ntwport (Panama. «..'May S
I^nac. Marlscal'Manzanlllo (May S
Coquiile Rrver.lGrays Harbor (May S
Robt. AdamsonjXanalmo... 'May 8
Coos Bay INewport IMay !»
Arcata Coos Bay IMay »
Wellington jOyster Harbor May 3
Universe Oyster Harbcr May 9
State of Cal 'Portland May 1>
Del Xorte jOr-e^on Ports May. lf»
Xfwburg iOrays Harbor IMay 1'1
Crpscent City. .'Crescent City IMay 11
North Fork Humboldt May H>
Corona |San Plego |May 11
3 Time ITlme Tlmel ITlrnej
• Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft
? H W L W II W I. Wj
4 ... 2:28 6.1 9:33 0.? 4:5S 4.«! 9:37 34
5 ... 8:31 4.« 10:23 0.8; 5:50 4.8 U21 3 1
« ... *M *.i 11:19 1.0 «:3o! 4.«'
t. w h w l, w fiw
7 ... 0:35 2.9 8:00 3.9 11:0c 1 1.4. 7:14^ 5 9
8 ... t:34 2.4 7:13 3.9 12:3S! 1.7! 7-JOi Ji
9 ... 8:19 1.9 8:17 3.9 1:3S! !.»', JJ4 5 "i
10 ... 2:55 1.4 9:1J 4.0 ::15' 2.2 8 : I5| S t
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
S» AT fe*
SWITZER'S STOCK YARDS, cor. Tweirth and
Harrison sts..
MONDAY. MAY 7th. at 11 A. M..
We will sell 1 carloads of horses from the On»-
gon ranch. These horses are from 1050 to 1J0O
lba> ami from -4 to 7 years old, all of them
gentle. We are going to sell and must be M M
without any limit or reserve. A rare chance
to get a sound young horse for your prl^e
Horses will arrive alter Saturday. May s: n '
Remember, there Is no limit on this stock; they
mu«t be sold.'- -
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. Office
327 Sixth st. .-¦¦' ¦•¦- • . :^v ¦¦ . - -- ¦
AUCTION SALESRichard Henderson, a mining man from
Winnemucca, ;Nev., : was arrested last
night by Detectives Cody and Whittaker
and charged with mayhem. He is wanted
at Winnemucca for gouging ¦ the - eye ; of
a man named Holcomb,, with whom he
had trouble about three weeks ago.
Wanted in Winnemucca.
Adolph Lefore, who for twenty-five
years has been connected with the mili
tary establishment on this coast; died sud
denly of apoplexy Wednesday afternoon.
He was a clerk in the office of the adju
tant general, a position he had held for a
great many years.. He, was. stricken while
eating, hla breakfast and died some hours
after. He was a widower, 62 years of age.
Old Army Clerk Dead.
Major Stephen Groesbeck, judge advo
cate, United States army, who has held
that position in this department for some
years past, has been ordered to proceed
to Manila for duty with the Eighth Army
Corps. lie was with General Shatter In
Cuba as well as in this department. He Is
an earnest. Intelligent officer,' thoroughly
fitted for tho duties of his position, and
his departure for the islands :wlll bring
regret to a great many friends in this city.
Major Groesbeck to I^eave.
Mrs. Gehricke Charged With Perjury
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Frances Gehricke on a charge of perjury
preferred by Charles de Witt Spencer was
commenced before Judge Mogan yester
day afternoon. She is accused of having
perjured herself in giving testimony. In
Judge Conlan's court in a case brought by
her against Spencer and Mrs. Fannie M.
Austin. Frank Vernon, the court sten
ographer, and John fc.. Macdonald testi
fied. The case will bo continued this af
ternoon. . '.
George Anthenlen, proprietor of the
Green Mountain dairy, 19 Capp street^
was convicted by Judge Mogan yester
day for having adulterated his milk He
was arrested by Health Inspector Joseph
Lehaney In the act of pouring water Into
a can of milk. He admitted to the Judge
that his milk was adulterated with water
to the extent of one-twelfth. He will be
sentenced to-day. '
Watered His Milk.
To-day the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art will be open to the public free of
charge. Although the spring exhibition
closed a week ago and the pictures are
being returned to their owners, quite a
number are still upon the walls, while the
gallery of sculpture remains practically
complete. Visitors will be admitted be
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 p. m.
during the day and between 7:30 and 10
in the evening.
Free Day at Hopkins Institute.
At a meeting of the Republican League
of the Thirty-fourth Assembly District
held last night at Native Sons' Hall. Sev
enteenth and Valencia streets, Martin
Jones presiding. 'resolutions were adopted
favoring the selection of delegates to the
Congressional and State conventions by
ballot. . !
Copies of the resolutions were ordered
sent to the chairman of the Fifth Con
gressional District Republican Committee
and to the chairman of the State Central
Committee. It v/as argued that the gen
eral body of Republicans of the district
should have a voice In the selection of
the delegates who are to represent them
at the convention.
The following were selected aa the
choice of the Thirty-fourth District for
convention delegates: c'olonel H. J.
Burns, Adam Beck. W. W. Chase. G. W.'
Klder, Ralph L. Hathorn, H. C. Hender
son and John Tonningscn.
DELEGATES CHOSEN
BY REPUBLICANS
In the finals this afternoon Budg«»tt and
Klliott of Penryn beat Craig and Allen of
Woodland, t'ne score being 6—2, 6 — 4, ft— 3
thereby capturing the Noack cup, a hand
some trophy. The presentation address
was made by Miss Salye Beaumont,
queen of the courts. A number -of San
Francisco players were interested specta
tors.
SAORAMKNTO. May 3.— The tennis
tournament of the Sacramento Tennis
Club closed this afternoon. A number of
clubs from points in this section partici
pated and the contest was for the cham
pionship of Northern California.
TENNIS TOURNEY CLOSES.
Special Plspatch to The CalL
JAMES LICK'S NEPHEW
EXPIRES IN A FIT
For Many Years He Was a Jani
tor in the Old Pioneer
Building.
James W. Lick, nephew of the Jate
James Lick, the millionaire philanthro
pist, was found dead yesterday morning
in the hallway of the old Pioneer Hall
building at 8)8 Montgomery street. He
had been up only a few minutes and was
about to go for his breakfast when death
overtook him. He was a native of Penn
sylvania. 72 years old, and was a mem
ber of the Society of California Pioneers
As he had been subject to epileptic fits It
Is believed that his death was caused by
one of them.
At one time very many years a^ro Mr.
Lick was well supplied wltb the world's
groods, but injudicious Investments re
duced him to a condition of poverty and
he accepted from the Pioneers a situation
as Janitor of the old building endeared to
him by many historic associations.
Murderous Brotb.er-in-L.aw.
Frank Miller, a grocer residing at- 2041
Taylor street, swore to a complaint In
Judge Cabaniss* court yesterday for the
arrest of Charles F. M. . Buettner. his
brother-in-law, on the charpe of threats
to kill. Miller has only been married
three months. Buettner, who has been
residing in his house, has been making
life miserable for the young couple, so
Miller says. He threatened ie poison
them and to bore Miller full of l«ac. He
Is only 19 years of ape. and it !s thought
he is mentally unbalanced. His mother
committed suicide about a year as-o.
. SPOKANE. Wash., May 3.— Adgie, the
lion trainer, whose pets attracted much
attention at the Chutes in San Francisco
several months ago, had an exciting ex
perience to-day when Queen Victoria, a
vicious little lioness, escaped from the
cage and put the employes of the Coeur
d'Alene Theater to flight.
Adgie had completed her engagement
here and was arranging to have the lions
transported to the depot. She and her
manager quarreled over who should enter
the cage, which was on the stage, and
one of them opened the door. In a sec
ond the lioness sprang out Into the crowd.
There was a mad flight of a score of sight
seers.
After an hour's work Adgie managed to
drive the lioness back into the cage, but
it was not until then any other persons
could be induced to enter the theater.
ADGIFS LION CAUSES A
STAMPEDE IN SPOKANE
In the room the detectives found a large
number of bogus checks, marked cards
.and several specimens of quartz. The
gang was seated at a table, evidently
waiting for their intended victim, when
trie detectives entered. Harry Waltera,
who is eaid to be the leader of the gang
and who boasts of his pull with the Po
lice Judges, attempted to escape, but was
captured after a short chase and hand
cuffed to the other prisoners.
The men are known as Henry Anderson,
alias Henderson; Barney Holdsteln. alias
Goodman, alias "Smoothdice Barney";
Louis alias Edward Price: Harry Wal
ters, alias Williams, alias Major Gall, and
John Campbell, alias Stone. Price is now
out on bonds, there being a case of lar
ceny pending against him in Judge Mo
gan's court for robbing a stranger on the
water front.
Locked up in the tanks in the City
Prison are five men, who the police say
are the most successful gang of bunko
steerers that ever operated In this city.
They were . caught yesterday by Detec
tives Dillon and Egan in a room at 426
O'Farrell street, wft*re they were anx
iously watching for the return of a "cap
per" who had a Klondiker in tow.
They Are Located by the Police
and Arrested.
While Waiting for a Supposed Victim
GANG OF BUNKO MEN
LANDED IN PRISON
Th<? closing exercises of the year at
Mills College will begin to-morrow, with
the celebration of founder's day. Ad
£ressea w'.ll be delivered by Dr. H. C.
Mlnton and Rev. C. R. Brown, commem
cradve of the establishment of Mills Col
]< re in 1S71 by Dr. C. T. Mills and Mrs.
Hills. In the afternoon the Mills Alumnae
wi'.l hold its regular semi-annual meeting.
A concert will be given at the college
Tur-Pday evening. May 22. The formal
rnrr.menc'-mf nt exercises will be held
Vedmsday. May 23. at which Professor
B'Tinmin Ide Wheeler of the University
cf California will deliver an address to the
graduating; class.'
Kills College Graduation.
Native Sons Picnic.
A joint picnic of the Rlncon and Alca
traz parlors, N. S. G. W., will be held next
Sunday at Sunset and Glenwood parks.
Rincon Parlor will have charge of Glen
wood and Alcatraz Parlor of Sunset.
There will be games and all kinds of
sport. Boats will leave the city at 8:45
and 9:15 a. m.
He went at once to Stockton, his wife's
home, and claimed her, to the* great
amazement of her relatives, from whom
the secret had been hidden for nearly two
years. The young woman Is the sister of
Avery C. White, a prominent attorney of
Stockton.
After the explanations had been made
Mr. and Mra. Hopkins started for Lake
View on their long deferred honeymoon
trip. The returned groom owns a large
cattle ranch there.
Hopkins was from Lake- View, Or. After
his engagement to Miss White, while she
was visiting friends in Oakland, the young
man went into the army. On the day he
sailed for Manila Hopkins and his be
trothed were married. Mrs. Hopkins at
tended the State Normal School at San
Jose and was graduated with a teacher's
diploma. Last Sunday her husband, hon
orably discharged from the army, arrived
home.
. OAKLAND, May 3.— The marriage in
this city of L. Leo Hopkins, Company K,
Twenty-third United States Infantry, and
Miss Mae AVhite of Stockton, in October,
l&SS, has been made public by the return
from the Philippines of the soldier bride
groom. None knew the secret of the mar
riage except the couple.
KEPT HER MARRIAGE
SECRET MANY MONTHS
OAKLAND, May 3.— An unknown man
v. :;« instantly killed at 10 o'clock to
r'efct by car No. 11 ol the Hay-wards line,
south l^our.d. Motorman Waxon reports
t ;-, r> t he paw the man apparently Flip and
fall across' 'the track about fifty feet
fhend and befcre the heavy car could be
Flopped It had ground the life out of his
liody It took an lwur and a half to ex
tract the remains. The unknown was ap
parently twenty-five years old ar.d ¦well
dressed".
UNKNOWN WAN KILLED
BY A HAYWARDS CAR
Loses to Oscar Gardner in the Fifth
Round When He Thought He
Was Winning.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 3.— Eddie San
try of Chicago was knocked out by Oscar
Gardner before the Nonpareil Athletic
Club to-night in the presence of a crowd
that packed Music Hall. Sporting men
from all parts of the country who are here
in attendance at the races saw the bout.
George Siier cf Chicago refereed the light.
The fight was a fast one, and while tht>
honors were not materially in Santry's fa
vor he had somewhat the better of tht.
argument up to the time Gardner landed
the kno<?k-out blow. His superior reach
and height enabled him to use both right
and left with effect on the Omaha Kid's
face and body, and he would have kept
out of harm's way but for Gardner's
rushes, which he began early in the game.
Santry landed " frequently with both
right and left, and Gardner's face gave
evidence of the Chicago man's Jabs. In
the fifth round Gardner, took on additional
steam and from the tap of the gong he
kept at Santry. using both hands on the
latter's body. When the round was about
half over they came together and Gard
ner's right shot with full force Into San
try's stomach. The hands of the latter
went up and he fell over In a heap on the
floor. He was carried to his corner, and
it was several minutes before he had re
vived sufficiently to be taken from the
ring. Santry was unscratched. He said
it was a chance knock-out and that it was
landed when he felt that he had the fight
in hand.
SOLAR PLEXUS BLOW
KNOCKS OUT SANTRY
Supreme Court Justices Eind Flaws
in the Rulings of the Lower
Tribunal.
Yda Addis Storke of Santa Barbara is
to have another trial. She was convicted
and sentenced to one year in the County
Jail for having written and sent letters
In which prominent citizens of that local
ity were grossly libeled. One in particu
lar contained a statement that the rela
tions of a Dr. Martha Case and Dr. Win
chester were Improper. Mrs. Storke's
conviction was upon circumstantial evi
dence, much of which was furnished by
Handwriting Expert Theodore Kytka. At
the trial the accused stated that the ob
jectionable letters were written by F. N.
Gutierrez. Samples of this man'B writing
were submitted to the expert, who stated
that they in no way resembled the writ
ing in the offensive letters. Upon this the
District Attorney had the Gutierrez writ-
Ings ruled out. The Supreme Court de
cided that this was an error, as the jury
men had a right to view the letters and
Judge for themselves. In passing upon
this point the Supreme Court gave the
writing expert a sly dig by saying:
"We think the court erred in striking
out the evidence in question. In a case in
volving a comparison of different writings
the ordinary individual can frequently ar
rive at a conclusion quite as correct as
that of the opinion of the most skilled ex
pert in handwriting, particularly where,
as in this case, this expert testified that
there was no resemblance or similarity."
YDA ADDIS STORKE IS
GRANTED A NEW TRIAL
DEATH, dire ruin and. Incidentally,
a pack of canines visited Ham
mond's rabbitry at 1510 Shotwell
street some time between midnight
and the hour of sunrise Wednesday morn-
As the interest In the game was wan-
Ing and the last Belgian hare squealed
and gave up the ghost, the owner of the
pet "fads" put in an appearance. He
beat one canine to death, but the other
escaped "his wrath. When he raked up
tho seventy carcasses Into a heap he de
clared with emphasis that there should
be no more coursing matches In his rab
bit ry.
"These are new ones on us," they said
with a wag of the tail, "but If they are
limber and have any 'speed' there should
be average sport."
For a long time the dogs, having had
an acquaintance at the coursing park,
watted in vain for Judge Grace anp hla
son, the slipper, but neither appeared.
They then assumed official responsibility
and opened cage after cage with their
paws, until seventy doors stood open.
The chase began around the rabbltry.
"Turns," "wrenches." "no-goes" and
"kills" were scored, but "escapes" were
impossible.
Ing. Cfape Is visible on the latches of
seventy barred doors and the funerals of
seventy scions of the Belgian hare nobil
ity are to take place to-morrow. One
dog of the bull pup variety, with an appe
tite for delicious rabbit and the scent of
a hound, fell on the scene of death and
desolation with the fuzzy hair of twenty
five victims on his collar and blood on hla
teeth, but his remains were disposed of
In ignominy, except for the condolence
of the coursing fraternity, the "purp"
having acted nobly under the Influence of
natural propensities for the sport and
died defending all that is dear to the
leashman's heart.
The story goes that a band of dogs have
watched the hares for some time. They
recognized their distinction from the low
born, high-eared jack rabbits that frolic
among the sagebrush stalks on Sam
Davis" Holsteln ranch.
Paloma Schramm, the wonderful child
pianist and composer, will give two re
citals at the Sherman & Clay Hall on the
afternoons of Wednesday and Saturday,
May 8 and 11.
Sada. the young American dramatic vio
linist, will give her first concert in this
city at the California Theater next Tues
day afternoon. She studied for four years
In Brussels under Ysaye and was his
favorite pupil. She will be assisted by
Maude Fay, soprano, and Ada Clement,
pianist.
The Olympia has some special features
this week that are not only drawing large
houses, but pleasing them.
The bill at the Orpheum this week is
one of the best in many months and as a
consequence houses crowded to overflow
ing have been the order of the day. Etta
Butler has thoroughly proved that she
was deserving of her New York success.
The attractions for next week include:
MIKon and Dollie Nobles; Mark Sullivan.
a mimic and monologist: W. E. Bates,
cornet soloist, and the biograph with a
series of interesting pictures taken re
cently In South Africa.
Ward and Vokes will continue to present
their farce. "The Floor Walkers," at the
Columbia Theater up to and including
Sunday night. The stars and their com
pany have been well received in the amus
ing piece. On Monday night Charles II.
Yale's ppectacle, "The Evil Eye." wkh
its many trick mechanical effects, elec
tric ballet, the Phasey troupe of English
girls, Al H. Wilson, the German comedian,
and many other features, will begin a
limited engagement. Over fifty people
take part in the production.
"Sue," the old-time favorite, adapted
from Bret Harte's "The Judgment of
Uolfnas Plain," is crowding the Alcazar
anr? giving the audience a great deal of
pleasure.
The attractiveness of the comic opera,
"The Wizard of the Nile," is popularizing
(he Tivoll and the business is larger than
v/as enjoyed by "The Idol's Eye." The
performance goes with a merry swing
and precision and every member of the
company, principals, chorus and or
chestra, helps in the complete success of
the production. There is no doubt
that "The Wizard of the Nile" will dupli
cate tht- run of "The Idol's Eye." Next
Monday evening will be J'ne twenty-fifth
performance at the Tivoll of "The Wiz
ard" and the occasion will be a gala one.
All the officers and crew of the French
cruiser Protet, now in port, will attend
the Tivoli next. Monday as the guests of
George P. Hall, the Turkish Consul, and
special numbers will be introduced into
"The Wizard of the Nile" for the benefit
of the French naval officers and men.
The French colony proposes to make the
occasion a memorable ore for their com
patriots and there is a big demand for
s?ats.
"In Gay New York" is filling the Grand
Opera-house. It has introduced to the
public several comic songs that are sure
to have a long lease of popular favor.
Among them may be mentioned "The rid
disherCoon, '^ungljy Harry Cashman. and
the duet by him and Blanche Chapman,
"You're All Right, But Your Money's No
Good." Chris Bruno and beautiful Mabel
Russell have again captured the town
with a now and dainty cakewalk and the
charmjng vocalization of I5abelle Under
wood and George C . Lysing is among
the chief attractions of the entertain
ment.
Fischer's Concert House Is meeting with
deserved success. The pretty place of
melody is crowded nightly, by reason of
the fact that Mr. Fischer provides an en
tertainment that would call for swell
prices elsewhere. There is a good bill this
week. It includes John Kurkamp, who
possesses a tenor voice of pure quality
and sympathetic tone, which is well dis
played !n several catchy ballads. Mme.
Walters, who has a clear, far-reaching
and sweet soprano voice, is a new star In
tho constellation, that is thoroughly ap
preciated. Fignorina Pollettin! and Slgnor
Vargas are decidedly entertaining in their
duet. Those who fail to wait and see the
last act of ••Traviata," which Is presented
by the members of the Italian opera com
pany, will miss a genuine treat, for their
handling of the work is worthy of high
commendation. The orchestra is excel
lent, and we look for still better results
from its efforts. This house, which is a
promoter of good music, is worthy of sub
stantial support from thi* music-loving
community of San Francisco.
MELODY MAKES
FISCHER'S POPULAR
Miss Voortanjrer has been for five years
r.or'fathor'e private secretary. She is a
#rr»>at prudent and 1? of a literary turn of
ir.ind. ulthoush Fhe has not applied her
t-a'.ents to r.ny public work. She is secre
tary of the Sabbath school of her father's
Chnrch, the Temple Emanu-El, ar.d in the
Emanu-El Sisterhood she teaches a class
In stenography, an aeoompliphmen.t she
took up for her own pleasure and benefit
and which she has taught to others gra
tuitously for Rome time. The groom is a
rif-irq; y<'.:i:g man in the employ of R«.-d
ingtrn A <"o.. the wholesale druggists. The
date of rtie marriage has not yet been de
tenrined.
R*v. Dr. and Mr?. Jacob Vonrpargrer an
nounce the engagement ot thoir eldest
daughter, Alice. to David Charles
Bcbwdser of New York City. Owing to
Dr. and Mrs. Vonrsanger's approaching
departure for Eumpe. there will be no
fr.rmnl reception until their return.
Announced.
Alice Voorsan£er Is
The En£a£ement of Miss
DAUGHTER OF A
RABBI TO MARRY
/ n=^ ) EORGE VYEKS, treasurer of the
». Orphoum Theater, has announced
\s A his engagement to Miss Bertha
"~"*^ Moser of this city. Miss Moser is
the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. Moser of
133 California street. 6he is a native of
£art Josa. where she was popular in social
Cirri— 3 The young: lady is beautiful and
accomplished. Mr. Myers is well known
in theatrical and social circles. For the
past few years he has acted as treasurer
of the local playhouse and Is highly
thought of. The engagement reception
will be held at the residence of the young
lady's parents Sunday, May 20, from 2 to
5 p. m.
The next issue of the Pacific Christian
will contain a copy of the resolutions
adopted by the State board in accepting
Rev. Mr. Smith's resignation. They are al
ready in the hands of Rev. W. B. Berry,
editor of the denominational organ, who is
officially instructed to give them publicity.
Rev. Guy Smith has found one body that
will not whitewash his acts, ana that is
the State Board of the Christian church.
Last Monday the board practically indorsed
all that has been said against him and
supported charges that have been made.
Resolutions were adopted accepting his
resignation as financial secretary of the
board, and also setting forth that, while
it had not been shown that he had been
guilty of any specific act of immorality,
he had, in the opinion of the board, com
mitted acts of indiscretion that warranted
the board in accepting his resignation.
Probably this was not what Rev. Guy
Smith anticipated when he offered his res
ignation, but no less would satisfy the
conscientious members of that body.
The State board was called together to
hear and review all the testimony that
had been taken in Oakland in connection
with the scandal attending the First
Christian Church pastorate of Smith. It
was all put in, and as the reading pro
ceeded Smith could sec how the members
of the board were affected by it. There
was no room lor doubt that they would
accept the resignation.
The board had no power to compel a
resignation, and in accepting one did all
that could be done. The explanation of
this is that all officers of the board are
elected at the annual convention of the
Christian churches of the State, and the
convention alone has power to remove.
During the proceedings before the State
board there was one significant happen
ing. Rev. Mr. Smith said that if Mr. Lloyd
of the Oakland church had been present
there would have been more favorable ac
tion In his case. Burrill White, the attor
ney, who appeared for the prosecution in
the proceedings in Oakland, was present,
and asked whether Mr. Lloyd had taken
the trouble to inform himself of the facts.
This was a poser, to which Smith was
compelled to answer in the negative.
Therefore it appeared, according to his
statement, that he had Lloyd's promise to
stand by him without making an,investi
gation.
His Resignation Accepted and Reso
lutions Adopted Setting Forth
• That Such Action Was Jus
tified by His Deeds.
Representatives of All the
Christian Churches
Rebuke Him.
REV. GUY SMITH
IS TURNED DOWN
BY STATE BOARD
Mr. Keed's action clears the political
atmosphere In the Republican party of
Alameda County so far as the present is
concerned. As he has expressly stated,
Mr. Reed's withdrawal is due to the de
sire of Congressman Victor H. Metcalf.
All of those interested in the establish
ment of a harmonious representation at
the national convention from California
are satisfied with the conditions which
now prevail on that line. The result of
the arrangements which were made at
last night's conference means that Dr.
George C. Pardee will have no opposition
from the Third Congressional District as
a candidate before the State convention
for delegate-at-large. Mr. Reed, if he de
sires the honor, will be the Third District
delegate to the national convention. The
absence of a contest will make the pri
mary called for May 10 a merely perfunc
tory matter.
It is asserted by those who were Inter
ested in arranging the compromise that
the action has no bearing upon the Con
gressional situation.
The foregoing personal announcement
of George W. Heed's withdrawal from the
field as a candidate for delegate-at-large
to the National Republican Convention
was sent out to-day. This results from
the harmonizing conference which was
held last evening, when the decision was
reached by which the threatened contest
for honor has been averted.
Oakland, May 3, 1900.
Editor Call: Through the columns
of your valuable paper allow me to
say to my friends and to the public
that I hereby withdraw my candi
dacy as delegate-at-large from the
State of California to the National
Kepublican Convention. I do so in
deference to the wishes of our Rep
resentative to Congress, the Son.
Victor H. Metcalf, who is a warm
personal friend of mine. Aside from
this reason I will add that I have at
heart the success of the Republican
party, and I feel that the withdrawal
of my candidacy at this time will
prevent a contest which possibly
might bs detrimental to the best in
terests of the party in the coming
campaign. GEO. "W. HEED.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 3.
Congressman Metcalf' s Desire Con
trolled Largely the Action Which
Promotes Harmony Over
National Delegates.
George W. Reed Retires That
Contest in the Party May
Be Averted.
MAKES FORMAL
STATEMENT OF
HIS POSITION
WEDDING BELLS WILL
CHIME IN THE FALL
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE TO BE UNITED.
DOGS MISTOOK RABBITRY
FOR A COURSING FIELD
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1900.
Belgian Hares of Noble Pedigree Made Rare Sport.
9
PORTLAND
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth
rAnil $8 Second Class and /Weals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May 3. 13. 23. June 2
COLUMBIA sails May 3. 1*. M. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Ea?t.
E. C. WARD. General Asent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
THE 0. B.-.& N. M
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
Will DUpatch From
SAN FRANCISCO Dlrwt for
NOME
The Well-Known ALASKA FLTER.
S. S. HUMBOLDT,
Sailing WEDNESDAY- -May 39.
ELEGANT S. S. ZHALAND1A
(3000 tons burden).
First sailing (capacity engaged) May Tlst
Second sailing (appro*.) Jun-» lit a
S. S. iVIORISlIVG STAR,
Sailing (capacity engaged). May 2uh-
Through service for Dawson and all Yukoa
Rlrer points.
For sassare and frefiht nl«« urolT
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO..
General Offices, 139 POST STREET.
AMERICAN LINE.
HI TORS. SCUTHAMPTOS. LOM005. P1BI9L
Stopptnjr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. li> a. m.
¦New York May 9{N«w York May »
St. Paul May 18 Ft. Paul June <l
St. Louis May Si St. Louis June 13
RED STA^ LINE.
Fmvf Yorlc and Antwr?f-»
From New York ev*ry Wednesday. U noon.
Frl«iland May 8 Kensington May »
Pouthwark May M Noordland Jun« •
Westernland ....May 23 Friesland June 13
EHIPIRH LINE.
S. S. Ohio sail* from Stetiart-st. wharf. San
Francisco, for Nome, on May 13. 3:30 p. m.
From Seattle May 24. All passenger accom-
modations now taken. bu,t limited freight space
is still available. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle June 30. .Ttilv 31. Atifru.it 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its afrents.
OCEAN'IC 3. S. CO.-HONOLTTLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. May 30. 1900. 2 F. M.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via HonohituV to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. May IS, 8 P. M.
1. 0. SPRfcCKELSi 8R0S.CO.,Mgts.. .i4Montqomer)
Piar 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Oflc?. 327 Market SL
KOSMOS LlNtSe'S^
SEBAPIS .4000 Tonal
Mtra»hly sailing tor Valparaiso and H»mlmrg ,
i TiaMexioan ports. Central, South America.* to. i
I 8. 8. CCTAVU SAILS ABOUT VAT 1?.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMER3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello.**
WON.. Tu«s., Wed.. Tnura. and Sat. at »:45
a m.; t:13. S:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. n!*ht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FAKE •— 50c
Via Honolulu
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. •
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan gtre«t«. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kotx* (Hlogo). Nagasaki and ShanRhaJ. and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
S3. AMERICA MARC ;V";V^-,™
Saturday. May 19th. 1900
SS HONGKONG MARU
* ; Thursday. June 14th. 1900
S3 NIPPON MARU.... Tuesday. July 10th. 190)
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
C0MPAQNI3 GENERALE TRAITSATLA5TICrS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. x»i>.
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, .from • November 2, 1S39. at ' '•• ¦ ¦*
10 a. m., from Pier 4J. North River, foot of
Morti.n st. LA CHAMPAGNE. May 10; LA
OASCOGNE. May 17: IVAQUITAINE. May 24;
LA TOURAINE. May 31. First class to Havre,
$50 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre, $45; o per cent
reduction on round trjp. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR -UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. ;
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DSEDOINO PUMPS
t/DflTH Wert pucoessful st Nome Ia»t
r, t\\/Ori year. All ethers failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson St.. S. F.
SAM) CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
Ir. Operation Daily. €23 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
ASSAYING.
LFARN to pan. amaipramate, etc.. In 11 (Says,
t». VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market Ft.
DJEDOINO ! U.v.ps.
Our centrifugal pu^r-pn are going to Car-e Nome,
are you? Better buy r.rie; Just the pump for
jrrav«rl: has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARItATT & CO.
DrEoaiyo pumps.
Oil. GsBoIlne. Fleam Hol*ts. Centrlfural Pumps.
KngiTw** Boilers. HendyMach.Y»'ks.,4 f i Fremont.
'• AP.SM *<TF.AM PIMPS
Fnpply fresh or ealt irater for elulre hexes;
high or U>w TiftR. Klmonde, CJ Market 6t.
COL ' SEPARATOR.
Cyrirne Onlrt pep ara tor and Amalgamator In
daily operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 133 lei.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Oold Raving Machine. J2J Fol-
ttv: »treet. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
CONCENTRATO R S.
TATTnnSON'S "Acne"' Concentrator works
black sand daily. 257 Mission et.
FIBRR GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
Ftv9 f.ne jrold: no plates, mercury or motion.
In operation 11 Spear >t
GOLD-SAVING MACHINK
In operatl'-n daily at Mining Fair. Central
Park. Office 1ST Beale et.
ECLIP-E OOLM-SAVINO MACHTNR.
Porta*:>. reversible. ba!I-bear1ng: capacity 36
tons dally; weight 100 lbs. 3C3 Mission et.
SLnCR BOXKS.
Kkr.diVe efcujptaa flulce raves gold; competi-
tion Invited. 1TS8 15th ft., corner Guerrero.
POCKEPS.
The lightest, cheapest *nd proven the best for
placer work. 191JV4 MiMion at.
PLATO* JO*> SAVING GOLD.
fichaezie'.n «- Burrlfige, t Hard!* place, off
Kearny, between Slitter and Bush streets.
T. W. BELL. Central Plating Works, 812 MIs-
Blon et.. S. V. Phone Jessie 301.
STIVER-PLATED MIMNO PLATES.
C.T.T them at Iwnr.lMcn'e San Francisco Plat-
'.r.e AVorks, C2 MifFion «t.
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
Learn to know geld and save it, to handle
fttr.al£&tp.atlnir plates, etc. Central Park.
GROCERIES ;ND PROVISIONS,
i.-utata r-acked. IRVINE BROS.. £70 Howard.
-«M. Fourth. 1302 Polk and l«l Stockton. S. F.
L1QLOOS-
ifflCCPV RLATZ BEER. Bethesda Water.
rt HljtVCI CAHKX & SON. 418 Sacramento et.
WHISKY.
•T 2 DVF CHRISTY & WISE Cotnmer-
« C A IV I C- ciaJ Co.. S27-32S Sansome St-
PORTABLE t OUSES.
BURNHAM-RTANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and 1st «s.. Oakland, or Buiidere' Ex., 8. F.
GASOLINH E % G!NE*.
HERCULES OAS ENGINE WORKS 1» filling
srtrjr ort«r> trr Xomt. :U-:« Flrrt tu. ft. r.
In accordance with the directions of the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated representatives • of the Republican
Party from the several states assemble In Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia,
State of Pennsylvania, on -TUESDAY, the 19th
day of June, A. D. 1900, at 12 o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nominating: candidates for
the office of President and Vice President of
the United States, and for such other business
as may be brought before said convention; and
In accordance with the Instructions given by
said National Committee, directing: that the
Congressional District delegates shall be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each aald district. In the same
manner 'as the nomination of a Representative
In Congress Is made In said district; therefore,
be it
Resolved, By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OP CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of said
State, that the Congressional Committees of
the several Congrefslonal Districts of the 8tate
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional- Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held as hereinafter
provided, at . which two delegates shall be
chosen to represent each of such districts in
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held as aforesaid, and for the
selection of two alternate delegates, to act In
case of the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection of the delegates of the Con-
gressional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district, in Accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided, That the basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District;
provided, that where any Assembly District
embrace* more than one county, there shall be
one delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In such Assembly District,
and one delegate for each 300 Votes cast for
Henry T. Gage, Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In 1S98, and one delegate for each frac-
tion of 150 votes or over.
It Is further directed that the delegates
chosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet In State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May.
1900 at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select four delegates-
at-l'arge to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates. ' to act In case the delegates
selected be absent, for the election of a State
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such further I business as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It Is further directed that where primary
elections are held the test for voters shall be:
"I believe • in Republican principles and In-
dorse the Republican policy and the admin-
istration of President McKInley. and Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the ensuing election."
It Is further directed that contests must be
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee In writing, with a full statement
of the grounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting: of the State Convention.
All matters relating to such contest before the
Congressional Committee, with said Commit-
tee" n determination therein, must be tranimlt-
ted to the Secretary of. the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of the; 14th
day of , May. 1900. - -:¦.-¦ ¦ ¦
U Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE at San Francisco. April
8. 1900. E. . O. HART, Secretary.
CALL FOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
a». wharf, San Francisco:
YyVw For Ala.*kan r^rts — 11 a. m..
KK«JQb». May fi. 11, 1(5. 21. !«. 31. June
M&*k?2^' ! 8v 5 - Change to company steam-
E&j^ojja! ' For Victoria, Vancouver (R.
fofjiniVJ^gShAj C). Port Tosvnsend, Seattle,
f^^^BjBKgeA Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. May 6. 11, 16. 21.-29.
31. June 5. and every fifth day thereafter:
charge at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. May
8. 13. IS. 23, 2S. June 2 and every, fifth day
thereafter. "
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uroa. Port Horford (Pan Luis Obiepo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Fan Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Ansele*) and Newport— 9
a. m.. May 7. 11. 15. M. 23. 27. 31. June 4 and
every fourth day thereafter. • -
For San r>!e«ro, utopplnr only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspn). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a. m..
May 5, 9. 13. 17, 21. 25. 29. June 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
*Cor Kne<«nada, Ma*dalena Bay. Pun Jose d^l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m..-7th of each
For further Information obtain company's
The company reserves the risht to change
stenmer*. sailinsr dates and hours of sailing.
w tth^n» rrPVinu" notice.
TICKKT OFTIOB-i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hot-l). \»' T
GOODALL. PEU*INS & CO.. Gen. Agrents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
p^^^^Hg Tho Watchdog for the Gold fields.
Jf ffiy^^m&Sk II bites when lt barks - II W 'N protect your claim I
Winchester
Ckuvi' )J Ammunition
feJ&Kj^|gj^fEJ^\fl Always reliable, sold everywhere, Send name and
SnjVplirallgfll^J address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
U^^p^^^J) 1 Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
Oglip^l 4I^ Market St., San Francisco, Cal.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1900.
10
B\y FHAXCISCO CALL.
rrFINCES OFFICE c' the San Francifeo
Tell, comer cf Market end Third streets, open
tctll 13 o'clock every nlrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— — 7 Montgomery Btreet.
ecmer Clay: open until S:S0 p. in.
fOO Hsyri street; cpen until 3:30 p. in.
€„ Me Alii- 1» «trect; open ur/.ll 9:80 p. ra.
«_ L_rl:!n E'.reet; open until S:30 p. ra.
1%i\ Mission etreet: cpen until 10 p. m.
irr.1 a*ark»t etrtet. corner Sixteenth; open
ectt'. 9 p. rn.
:06 Elevecth street: open until » p. m-
JC?C Valencia etreet; open until » p. ta.
IKS Tolk «trc*t; open cr.Ml S p. ta.
Kortbvest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck- rti— -et»: cpen until 5* p.' m.
JHEETISG NOTICES.
CALIFOP.NIA Cornman-ery No. L K- -3--.
T No I Post »t.— Stated assembly TM**
T1IIS KVETNINO. 7:30 o'clock. Annual f_$
©lection cf officers. All fraters cor- <OT
daily inv!te_. By crfer of the 12m. "•
Ccm. HIRA:J T. Ul-AVES. Ilecorder.
YERUA BUENA Lodge of Perfection rf*
No. J— Stated meeting THIS EVEN- ft
ING, tt t> o'clock, _/_A_
CEO. J. KOBE. Sec. KcrJ?
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M-. «
121 E_dy et.. will meet TO-DAY, at » Uff\m
a. m.. to attend the funeral of our late XJC
brother. PHILIP FltBUND. Master / ? '
a_o__ are G _^*;, G — pexLINGJON*. Sec
District no. cs. i. c. o. f.. ,^_«i%-
comprising Occidental No. ITS. _J2B5K_3
Harper.t No. 26s. Fidelity No. 2C2. ~5>Vf5s=-""
G..:der. Gate No. 204. Spartan No. '<"«' x
ITS will hold a. district meeting under the
suspires of Sargcr.t I»<lrs. Kureka Hall. Odd
F<>'.1 tvs' b— 34— IS, FHIDAY EVENING. May
4. lfC'. A good time assured. All brothers
welcome.
HARMONY CHAPTER NO. 124. O. E. Kf
F — <>: fleers and members are hereby <££_,
n<'t!fied to attend the funeral of our Jj
ceoe_f>ed sister. LOL'I?E O'NEILL.
Tti-IiAV iFHIDAY), at 1 o'ciock. from her 4
late rf5i<Jer.ce, 1C£3 Larkin ft. 13y order of 1
the W. M. __— 1
REGULAR MEETTNa OF THE . <C? x
CaLvionian Club THIS EVENING Z\ Qijy
at S o'clock _t Scottish Hall. 117 Tv__4v>
Lerkln st. First Chieftain Mac- '•C—?*-
r-herFcn will entertain.
ANGUS McLEOD, Ch'.ef.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary^
BT. ANDREW'S Society— Annual pic- v *C_'
t-.lc will be h-Kl at Fairfax Park. 5>k QdjJ
near Fan Rafael on SATl'RDAT. "t5___£*
May 12. 1500. Hound trin tickets. < *
tOc; children. S^c: to be hnd from members.
WILLIAM HALNAVES. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary- I
PT. ANDREW'S Society— O^ea meet- . «-y _. ;
ing on MONTAY EVENING. May 3Vi QJ.
7. at Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin st. > §V3_E*
Members _rd friends invited.
WILLIAM BALNAVES, President.
A. R. PATTERSON, r'*cr>-t_.ry.
ANNUAL rr.««i>ti_t;— The regii'.e.r annual meet-
ing of _tockhol_cre cf the Hutchlnscn fc'upar
INar.tauon Company will be hel-i at the o«ce
rf the company. Z2~ Market St., San Fran-
ri«io. Cal.. on Tuesday, the Sth day of May.
1S0C. at the hour of 31 a. tn., for the purpoce
.•e! electing a beard of directors to serve fnr
the ensuir.g year and the transaction of such
other bu5:n<**-s a« may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books Trill close on Friday,
April _7. 1S00, nt 3 p. m.
II. W. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
A WEEK'S ncwi for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
16 ; apes. Jn wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS v.-anted — Good thing, good sales, gooj
profits ar.d good chance for right men. Ad-
dress, with Ftamp, F. W. BLANCIIARD. Be-
r.leijL. Cal.
A LIMITED number of women capable of inter-
esting capital are requested to call at room
13. seventh floor. Millo building.
ATTIVE. energetic men of good afldres'i" and
ab!l'.:y to rnllclt; Fteady work, good wages
and rapid advancement. 91S Market, room 4!.
KINE r-de line for a good office canvasser.
Hox fCS, Call office.
GOOD thing; ladies or gentlemen; city or
country. Crown Studio. 1140 Market Et.
EX PF. RIENCK D bull-Ing and loan Agent..
T-.«y»rr. ]4;t. «~lnt:» Spreckeln buil-l_g.
ASTROLOGY.
1'IiOF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
<t.rt End palmist in the world: satisfaction
ruararteed. IS Powell ft.
ATTOItXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without ruccese; collections. O. W.
HOW E. att' y at law, S50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; nr> charge unless Buccessful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
_. F. CLARK. Emma Spreckel* bids'.. S27 Mar-
ket Ft.: conFult-tlon free: no feeg in advance.
BATH CABINET—HOT AIR. VAPOR.
ROBINSON tT- 4-penel fo'.dlr.g; door cpena firm
• no »afe. W. S. BP.OWN. gen. ngV. <26 Ellis.
BELGIAN HARKS.
¦". ALiyov*iTZ^i2LoiXif'iik^K~Associ a-
T1ON " OK ALAMEDA, CAL..
Hare the largest collection of IMPORTED
and HIGH CLASS Animals ia the world. Our
ttud is l^d by
"WANTAGE FOX" <Seore S6).
fcr whem more money was paid than any
ether Belsrian Hare on earth.
"CHAMPION Dt.'KE OF CHESHIRE."
England's latent champion and winner of 13
Crrt prizes and gold medal in England.
Special Announcement. -
We wl!l. on January 3tt. [S01, pay Five Hun-
£re.J Dollars ($.'-'»") in Gold Coin for the best
¦rtrlnw sired by our "WANTAGE FOX" out
cif any Doe bred to him after April 24th. 1S0O.
C\rr.i>etitor_ for prize to select the Judges.
<«igne<J.)
"CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION."
~ We <_i fill your orders for any kind of an
Imported or domestic animal of every popular
etrain known, and at eati-factory prices.
Call upon or addre«s
-CALIFORNIA lilll-GIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION,"
Websttr-st. Station. Narrow-gauge Railroad.
Alameda. Cal.
GEO. A. YOUNG. Manager.
BELGIAN" HARE LUNCH.
THE PACIFIC BELGIAN HARE CO..
E. B. CAMPBELL & CO.
On Saturday. May 6. will cpen business at
their new headquarters with a EJile commenc-
ing _t 9 a. tn.. w_ich will consist of swme
choice etcx-k, both fancy and .heavyweight
drains.
Does, bred ar.d unbred, and does with litters.
Our Mr. CampfreH has been In Los Angeles,
arranging a second carload of Belgians for
this t_le from our model rabbitry. Note _
lew of cur leaders: r
I>UKI_ OF EDINEORO.
Only Irrroru-ii burk lidding first-prize cer-
tificate at pxhlt-ition held at Los Angeles.
ENGLISH SURPRISE; YOUNG FASHODA;
LORD BRITAIN JR.; SIR STYLES JR.;
BAXBUBT CHIEF.
Remember that we are not selling out and
ret'rir.g. but remain behind all 6al«-_.
Headquarters formerly et 713 East Twelfth
rt., Oakland; now removed to N. W. corner
Bloaun et. and Fruitvaie ave.. Fruitvaie.
Tak<? broad-gaujre and etreet cars and trans-
fer t'j Fruitvale-avrnue cars.
_._:;< h _erv<-d Tree.
SELLING OUT! FELLING OUT!
I .have r"\£ a 1^ of those hirh-bred dcx-p, b_t
have a Set of t*.?ra left. *n come and »r*!t a
barraiti; vnvV.t rr.e an offer on the hutches
Open evenings. MAX STREICHER.
SCS Tweirth Et.. Oakland.
Till? !f trv certify ttat I have 1 1 1 i f day sold my
track CHTDF DATO. the n-d.e«t buck on
earth, to R, C. Hacklev. 2215 Channir.T »•_>•,
Berkeley. Cal. MAX KTRKICHER.
THE largest end be»t-equirpe<5 rabbltry north
ut lx>s Armeies: imported Be!d_a hare*;
vholcsale _nd retail; fashionable strains cf
irr.r>ort<-_ buck_ «s<1 docs always on hand;
ricrfe <Joe«; a full line of rabbitry supplies.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,
»'$-&:i Golden OatP ave., 8. F.; lei. South
_CT.l. IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor.
JS-THOROUCHERKD BELGIAN HARES— $5.
W e offer for quick ff.ale a shipment of Lord
Britain strain at \Z> each, S10 pair; other
f trains from $5 up. KENWOOD RAI5BITRY.
M0 FourtsentU et.. Oakland, adjoining City
Hail. .
BEPFOOT RABBITRT--Cholce Sir Styles. y u .
ken. Banbur}'. Klondike Nugget. Red Rover
I>uke of Auckland and others; fine dues, ready
¦ to Utter; crack young bucks. Seventh and
. Clay ?tE.. Oakland.
ATTENTION-TREMGNT BELGIAN HARE
CO.. T1S4 Fillmare it, San Francisco Cal
Sen-1 6 cent* in stamps for book on care and
, ; ?«_!_? The cheapest and best treatise on
/ the subject.
PEDIGREED Ptock cf all the r-^iT_r~^"aIn*-
LORD FASHODA CHIEF, import*." and
other grand sires at Ftud. EUREKA RAB-
BITRY. I61CA Turk St.; visitors welcome.
fOZl sale — Pedigreed Belgian r-._ret=; from SS
up— srd. lIARKET-rr. RABBITRY W C.
BENTHAM. proprietor. 1S32 Market st.
THE Erclna! Rabbitry, Haslett _ B»w, 122J
Orsnd ft.. Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
nOARDl\'G FOR CHILDIlE.v!
YOUNG couple would like to take charge o!
little girl a* companion to their daughter;
tip month. 41 Julian ave.
DOOKS NEW A.\D OLD.
*.~H<>OL HOOKS betisht and exchanged
H^i"'». TW»k Cn.. rr-t M5««< n - «t. i»»r Third.
BOOT AXD SHOK IJARGAISS.
BARGAINS. leil'-F 1 and Thilaren's th-?es: _ninf.
coers' «a__Ue* mfg. cost. Kohlbcch— - H? <U_
BUSINESS CHANCES.
X^-jTdELICACT and candy store; choicest
location on Mission St.; rent $25; living rooms;
<!_ilv rece!pts 120; place must be sold at ence;
ovrr.'er to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE. ,
h0« Market -t.
A— JiOO— CHOPHOL'SE V and restaurant; estab-
lished 50 years; rent ?23; opp. R. R. depot'.
a splendid chance and a good paying bu sl-
eeps. Call R. G. WILKE. 5)06 Market st.
A— $;i-0: CORNEH saloon. 1 block from Market
end Stockton 5ts. ; net rent $53; a good-paying
and cld-*-«tabll?hed business. Particulars It.
G. V.'ILKK. 5<1« Market Et.
_-f40C6J WEST located saloon, on Market St.;
with 7 <Mub and ladles' rooms and fine
frounfls: place is known over" the U. S. and
:urope and doing a large, profitable business.
Particultrs R. G. V.'ILKE. 006 Market gt.
' a— $2000— PARTNER wanted in best -located sa-
locn on Market St.: place open day and night;
doing a first-class, paying business; owner
want- a good, honest man for assistance. Par-
ticulars It G. WILKE. 9C-C Market St.
A— race— RA/.AAR and notion store, with 3 fine
living room?; rents $2_ CO; a good paying busl-
r.e»s; s'eck values the crice; best location on
p'rinrlpal street. B. G. WILKE. 908 Market.
A-flkOO— BAKERY on leading business etreet;
Western Addition: rent tt&; 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; bakln? 3H barrels per day; sick-
ness cause of _ale." See R. G. WILKE, 006
Market st.
A— $2000— CORNER grocery and bar. with four
living rooms; rent $50; 3 years' lease; the best
corner oa Mission. St.; place doing a good
paying cash business: full value in eicht.
Call R. G. WILKE. g«-6 Market St.
A SPLENDID opportunity for a live man hav-
ing flICO to secure at a great pacrifioo" a car-
pet cleaning and renovating plant, with ma-
chinery ami all facilities for doing work; es-
tabliEhefl 11 years ard paying well; In' large
and continually rrowing eurroundlnps and
erand location; rent only $20; no opposition;
will bear the strU-t<?st Investigation: owner
compelled to sell on recount of sickness. See
M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
AN UNT'SUaTToPPORTUNITY
Grocery, saloon and bakery combined; located
in the Western Addition ; 5 nice sunny living
noras attached: all handsomely fitted up
and furnished; over $2700 worth of stock on
baad; also a new nnd elegantly furnished 1
i.o«se nf 8 rooms; this is t'.ie greatest barrain
ever offered in San rranclsco; open to Inves-
tigation; absence and sickness of owner forces
! _a!e at once. See M. WV. UKOOKS. 12 Golden
I Oata ave.
BEAUTIFUL house and 3 lots; all sunshtn?;
fruit and flowers; suitable for chicken ranch;
barRaln. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
QUICK tales is our motto.
Fhould you went to buy. Fell or exchaaga any
IM-openy v b_»ir.e«s. we are able to pleas?
ycu In every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
ilEOLADDKRY. 7r,9 M.irk-t »t.
JJCK)— WILL buy good saloon nouth of Market;
doing good business; must »ell Immediately.
Drocklehuret fit Me_laddery. 759 Market Et.
J103&— XEWSPA! ER route: leading morning-
yaper will ray about $75 i>er month. For
, particulars tee MCLAUGHLIN _: CO., 777 1 ,.
I Market st.
$5(>0— BAIIHER shf^p- 4 cha'.rs; we!! established;
bargain. McLAfGHUN & CO.. 777'a Market.
i A — S3T.0 — PARTNER wanted: must be steady,
I reliable man. satisfied with $1* to 52j a week;
j no nijht or Sunday work; trial given before
1 baying. Apply at 9 Gearv st., room 2.
i A — CAXDT store, near Market; cause, death.
j COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
' IF you wish to buy good and cheap SALOON'S
Ik good location see RASILE, 3 Eddy Ft. |
A— I30CC; CAFE ar.d restaurant en Market at., |
doing K large and profitable business; no bet- |
ter location: only first-class trade; 5 years' |
lease; a rare chance. Address box 4549. Call.
AN attractive manufacturing and commercial
proposition In the Hawaiian Islands; needs
about S15,0rn more caultaJ; rf-ferenres; no
j arts. Ad., appointing Interview, box 18V7. Call.
i A SACRIFICE: Grocery and T»r in good loca-
| tion: make offer. Room 313. Examiner bMg.
136 SECOND— A restaurant doing good bust-
ness; reason for gelling, wishes to l*ave city.
I BARBER shop for sale, one chair, worth $12.>, |
I for $65; parly going to Oregon. 1SC3 Mission.
11000— PARTNER for Nome retail liquor busi-
ness: cen stay at home or accompany. Call
on MINER, JCS Eleventh st.
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store for sale,
cheap: 3 living rooms. 20S Twelfth st.
PARTNER wanted In a commission business.
Call at Wfl Harrison st., between 5 and S p. m.
GOOD opportunity: marine business; • with
gmall capital. Box 45b7. Call Office.
BAHEIER shop and cigar store for pale cheap,
account departure north. Bor 1S79. Call.
WANTED— To buy a good saloon; reasonable;
price $10C0. M. R.. 1096 Valencia st.
DO you want good paying dairy depot, clear-
ing more than JI per day? some- delivery: on
account of departure; no reasonable offer
refused. Andrws J., bcx 1831, Call office.
PAP.TY letvlng the city hns for sale a tfn and j
copper shop; also steel range; doing good |
business: ei-tn Wished 14 years. «1!_ Califor-
nia *t.. EUGENE ROBIXET.
DRUG store for gale or exchange for San" Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug store in a good mining town; cash trade.
Call at 7S0 OFarrell _t.. city.
I TO rent on shares, on San Pablo* Creek— 2J0
1 acres of good volunteer hay. with building.
Ap;ily to R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park,
Contra Costa County.
PERSONS capable of Interesting capital re-
quested to call room 12, seventh floor. Mills
building.
DENTISTS desiring large, and growing prac-
tice immediately on shares; investigate: easy
terms, n'rlte D. L>. S., Call office, Oakland.
PLUMBINO shop, stock and shop tools; in good
location. Box 458?. Call.
] WIZL L-ERTAV.LISHED grocery: central loca-
tion: chean if at once. Box 303, Berkeley.
FOR sale — A fine fruit store: good business;
price MOO. I2J7H Scott St.. near ?5111s.
SALOON cheap; located In the Potrero. Apply
on premises, 1MI Kentucky st. -.
S-.-TIONERY. echool tusplles; clean, new
stock: $10C0. Box 1820. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASV.'F.LL & CO.. 432 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subxcriptlons
received _• Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver- 1
tteements and subscriptions ba3 been opened
at 1E3 Polk 6t. : v-pen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla Et.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
S^ROOM^CORXER, ••
TRANSIENT HOUSE
CLEARS R08 PER MONTH.
PRICE I1050 IF SOLD TO-DAY.
For eale by DECKER. 1020 Market st.
1S-ROOM house at your own price. Apply to
DICKER, 10C0 Market st.
1C0 rooms; rent $50; clears $200 $1500
IS rooms; on Third st 250
SO-room corner; 2 entrances: half cash 2000
S-room flat; new; elegant JfO
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call of flee.... 050
37 rooms; on Howard st. ; only $300 ca_h... 400
23 rooms: on Market st.; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 4M
ZS wjrr.r-; on Market St.: payments 1800
HONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DZCKER, 10_3 Market St., opp. Fifth.
C9-BOOM CORNER
BAY-WINDOW HOUSE
CLEARING $300
OWNEK MI'PT LEAVE THE CITY
I OFFER WANTED
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market at.
I MARIOX~GRIFF1X. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
2S rooms, I blks. tS. Mkt.; 23 boarders $1600
1 4S toczr.r: clears $140 a month J25O0
20 rooms; In. Mkt.; rent JSO: bargain $1200
10 rocrns; B. Mkt.: n>nt 520: full jido
11 rcorr.f, 4 blks. N. Mkt.; rent $50 J60U
C of :S r.; CM, $4(0, $1100, $1000. $1400, $000.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1CIS MARKET ST
RELIABLE BROKERS
23 recms. r.tar Market st., rc-duced to J650
2C rr« rrs. corner, A No. 1 furniture S1000
&i rootna. fine corner, part cash, only J1600
J4'0— GEARY St.; S minutes from Call office;
10 rooms; good furniture. Address box 493
cm; office.
CAIiniAGES AXD WAGO\S.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap, i EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
, NEW & M-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving hordes, lfth A Valencia.
1 CAPE >OMJ_7~
THE Blirkens.erfer Typewriter Is especially
; ft<3apted; durable, portable, reliable, practical-
1 $40. :i7 Sutter Rt.
A FTEAM pump ar.d water pipe, 1000 ft., at !»
cost. IV,x 478. Call of floe.
TjAIlPET KEATING AXD CLEAXfNG.
' VHFN ycu becorrs disgusted with poor work
tend to EPAULDING'K Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. Ing Works. £03-357 Tehama at. ; tel. S. 40. '
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 740 14th s£. ; tel. Mission 74.
• CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
' STEVE?; S. mgr.. 38-40 Sth Bt.: tel. South ?50.
' 1. McQL'KF.N'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,"
4i>3 Stevenson »t. : tel. tk>uth 2_8; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
t>l. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
- CONKLIX'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
Xri_N?rwT"rrr.Tr.T~r.".Trr.^?r"REMovED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Mcst Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Hi-veals Tour Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed,
To the Sick EsDeclally
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all t-kin diseases, heart ana
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE •
If ycu cannot call, for thousands. upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall Is always suc-
cessful and zatisfAc-tory. and all correspondence
Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MKS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
are.. East Oakland. Cnl.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from'
Broedwuy.
GO to Watson, "only natural" palmist and oc-
cult medium: the luckiest and truest on tne
ccp.i>t; readtngs 2Cc. 15SI Market- et., near
Twelfth: rpeclmen*. nsall. COc.
MRS. LESTER BAILEY, circle, 8 p. m.. 10c;
readings dally. 1204 Flllmore st.
EDWARD EARLE. 3S0 Ellis St.— Seance Sun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MF.DA HOSKINS. spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th p.nd 11th; clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium. Hfo reader: sitting, tl. 1W Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MKS. DU. CLARK. ~
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
Slay be consulted on nil tffalrs of life; while
entraticed she rever\ls every lildden mystery;
the will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lest
affections; unite the seoarated: recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals: tells
your entire life, while in a perfect trance;
satisfaction cuaranteed by mall.
Pend etamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 203 Turk St.. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. i'ally.
MME. LANGE, the gr<»at clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fall?; has the frrentest Egyptian
F°cret; sho\vs pl?ture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market st.. btt. 7th and 8th.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune tellfr; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 13 Fulton ft., near I_rkln.
MME). AT'OUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, ir.e: truth or no pay. 1148 Mission.
LIFE readings with cards; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
13S2 Market, room 27, cpr\ Odd Fellows' bMg.
MSIE. HANSON— Palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future, 23c. 14S Sixth St.. room 12.
MISS MELVILLE. Kreat clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. S21 : £ Mission, op. Mint.<
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St., original
gypsy life reaiier; readings Kc; no sign.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings <*.:i!Iy. 21*Vj Sixth st.
J1MF. RAVENNA rrads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
han<3'» picture. T.'.-: Indies. «14 O^F.irrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
Ws Fiicrersful. Uor.m 310. i>27 Market »t.
•COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent— 5-room cottaee on Minna st.. above
Sixth; rent $17 50. Apply next door.
COTTAGE 4 rooms; large yard. 214 Colllng-
wood Ft., between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. H1GG1NS" dental parlors. 527
Market st.. over Cufe Zinkand— Teeth extract- ;
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or !
chloioform; als-? by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 60c; badly de- 1
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
erownert without pain: plates that fit Irorn
$4 CO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL eet of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of tefth on a gold plate. $25: teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: gee our _esh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years, fillings iOc: crowns. $3 50; all work
palnlf-fs and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL.
PARLORS. .4 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
13 Us up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; .Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
' DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method : crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns. $3: new
methods In bridge work: fillings, gold. $1 up:
silver. 60c; painless extraction. 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LT'DLUM HILL. 1143 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from IS
per set: extracting. 50c: gas given.
I_»EAL gold filling Inserted for 7Jc. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy Bt.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— ¦
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
MEYER. Deutseher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
*-xt., crowns, bridge work: open Sund. till lr.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1D01 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOTTNG. 1S41 Polk st. .
DOO HOSPITALS;
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange euro and worm
j!Us; by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
MO Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 2S7.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flilmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60: all
animals treated: dr>es boarded. Tel. West £35.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
aicDO WELL'S Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking; lat» patterns cut. 103 Post Bt.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailaring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary st.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect lit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connori-Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department*. Tarr. expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S.~F~^
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. - telegraphy, English
branches, rlvll. electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. : new £0-page catalogue free.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
kef, bookkeeping, shorthand, typing: life
scholarship. $50; day and evening: catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NFSS COLLEGE. 1236 Market gt.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledsed by official reporters "best teacher,
best syttem." M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI,
IMS Mission; annual concert May 16, 421 Post.
ADCLTS and children taught English branches;
individual Instruction: day and eve. 334 Hyde.
LOOKKEEi'IXG practically; no" theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct.. Flood bldg.
ESP1NA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. ; $1 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. tHh.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post »t.'; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office ;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. SO6V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411Vfe O'Farrell St.; tel. East 428.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office—
Beet help. 417 Powell st., telephone Clay S6.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nesr. 42IS Powell, near Slitter: tel.- Blank 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— FEMALE.
YOUNG woman desires position In notion store
or bakery; experienced. Call or address
ANNA KRAFT. 310 Valencia St., city.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by competent .woman;
stenographer, typewriter and , bookkeeper. Ad-
dress box 488, Call office. • _ ¦ v ¦ -; '¦
COLORED woman wishes day work or gentle-
roaii'B washing. Box 492. Call office. , :
WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing or
housecleanlng. Inquire 911 Buchanan at. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG girl, nrst-claaa cook, will do general
housework; will go to country If fare be paid,
or will cook for men. Call 1007 Natoma St.,
off Eleventh and Howard.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wants position as
housekeeper for family of adults: desires a
good home; small wages. MRS. ANNA
MERRYWEATHER, Station JK, city.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class,
wishes to go out by the day; suits made In
one day. 1532 Polk st. _j -
TWO German girls (15-17 years) wish positions;
one to do housework, younger to assist. Box
1888, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist In gen-
eral housework. Apply 2287 Filbert st. near
Stelner.
WANTED- Work by the day. week -or month
In private family; first-class laundress; best
city references. 662 Natoma st.
YOUNG woman of learning and musical ability
wishes to obtain position as visiting gover-
ness in city or Oakland. Box 4S9. Call office.
I THOROUGHLY reliable middle-aged German
couple wish employment in the country; wife
flr-t-class cook and housekeeper. Address
J. H. JESSEN, 1221 Mission st.. B. F.
ANY one looking for a good girl to take to Cape
Nome to do cooking or hotel work call or
write C91 Geary St. ¦ ¦
RESPECTABLE widow with llttie girl 6 years
old desires position as housekeeper; .country
preferred. 13 Minna st., basement
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call 116 Sixth st.. room 6.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper: good reference. 508 Franklin st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25o tn $150 night: $100 to $0
w-ek. convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Cnll branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fub?cr!ption3 has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla *t ______________
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife desire farm work; man Is
dairyman; wife Is good cook. Apply 707B
Stockton st.
YOUNG man of sood moral character and fam-
ily wishes situation: housework or any other
employment. Address box 1873. Call office.
ENGINEER, young, practical, used to any kind
of engine; also good machinist and pipefitter;
flrst-class references. Box 1SS1, Call office.
WANTED— By a thoroughly competent man, a
position as head gardener In a private fam-
ily or park; best reference. Box 1S82. Call.
BRIGHT boy of 18 years would like situation,
with a chance of advancement, in a wholesale
house. Box 401, Call office.
GARDENER, married, steady man, wants slt-
ur.tlon on private place; understands the
greenhouse, orchard and vineyard: take care
of horaer, cows; run gasoline engine; handy
with tools; best reference. Address Gardener,
box "S2, Pan Rafael. Mnrln County.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his bus-
iness in all branches, is trustworthy and re-
liable, desires position in private family; ref-
erences. C. S., 1C22 Jackson Et.
WANTED— Situation as coachman; good driver
and- rider; lightweight; country preferred;
gooc1»references. Address box 491. Call office.
EXPERIENCED engineer and machinist, thor-
oughly understands his business, geeks posi-
tion in city or country; 15 years' experience
on thrashing machine and donkey engine;
knows how to repair. AdJress L. TRIST, 1!4
Ellis st.
WANTED— Position as painter, calcimlner.
etc.. in hospital, hotel. Institution or large
building; nlso renovating furniture; Al refer-
ence S____l___!_^__[|___f5 :: _______l____
YOUNG man, acquainted with general orflce
work, shorthand and typewriting, wants t>lt-
uatlon; best references. Box 1876, Call of-
fice. . _^
EXPERT horseman wants to break and train
colts or spoiled saddle horses; well-bred stock
preferred; terms moderate. Box 1S72, Call.
AV ANTED— Situation as porter; country. Ad-
dress box 4S3, Call office.
JAPANESE cook wants position In good fam-
Uy. Addresa H. A.. 243 Ellis st.
MAX wishes to take charge of cattle or horses
for fare East. Box 1811, Call office. •
GOOD gentlemen garment cutter with much
experience desires position In city or country.
Ad-ress box 4573. Call. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk »t.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla fit. -^ ______
• EXCHANGE.
C-ROOM cottage: center of San Francisco: In-
stallments; mortgage $1100: equity worth $1500
for a clear building lot. Box 1S94, Call office.
WANTED— Groceries In exchange for piano
used a short time. Box 4f.S3. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GKORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071 V4 Market Ft.— Examinations free; German
- eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
BEST centrally located fiats for email famlliea:
nice neir.hborhood; must be eeen. Hanover
place, off Hacramento St.. above Powell.
FLAT of 5 rooms, sunny, and large yard.
707 Stockton st.
IF you want to move get prlr/ted list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LAGUNA; 316— Flat of 5 rooms and bath; sta-
tlonary washtub. '
7-ROOM flat; corner; gunny: 2 bay windows; all
modern Improvements. 417^4 Third st.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard: base-
ment: rent moderate. 1331. 1935. 1937 O'Farrell.
$12— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath. flS. 2-24 California st.
FLATS TO LKT— FURXISIIBD.
NICELY furnished Hat. sunny side, 6 rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements, Including
piano; will rent to responsible party for 3
months to 1 year; no small children. 1126 Bu-
chnnan st.. near Golden Gate ave.
FV II NITUR E FOR S A LE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $«S CO. with tfo.
7 range. Klnir Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FlUlMTl'llE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture. carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your id-hand furniture.
W. K. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpet*. 737 Mission: tel. Red 33S3.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN „ CO Phone Grant 185
.*.. HOTEL WAITRESSES
Head waitress. K5. city, call early: 2 wait-
resses, Marysvllle. J20. fare paid, see party
here; 2 waitresses. SacramentOj $25. steady;
waitresses for best commercial hotels, coun-
try. $20; places too numerous to mention; 3
waitresses, flrst-class resort, $20; chamber-
maid, pame place. $20; 2 chambermaids, to
wait. $20. country; 2 chambermaids, city, $18
nnd $20: cook, resort, $<0 and increase; cook,
email boarding-house, city, S25.
FAMILY ORDERS..... 1..
Man and wife ns choreman and cook. $50; girl
to learn printing business. J2 60 week; Ger-
man girl. $20. choice place, city: colored girl.
$3 week, sleep home: hou_e plrl. Antloch. $25:
Mill Valley. $23; machine operator, cook and
second girl, city, $45: others: chambermaid
with a child. $15, country. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. .
WOMAN who thoroughly understands good
American cooking, fare paid, $30: sea the
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
. Geary st. ¦
WANTED— Scandinavian cook. $30. and second
girl $25, same house, nice place: 80 girls for
cooking and housework, city and country. $20
and $25; 6 second girls, $20 and $25; 3 German
nurses. ?20 and $25: 10 waitresses for city and
country hotels, resorts . and restaurants, $20,
$25 nnd $6 a week; 20 young girls, $15. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. : ; 31t Sutter st.
WANTED— Nursery governess to teach 1 child
and Dlay piano. Si. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. •¦.•¦•'.
YOUNG Kirl or middle-aged woman to assist
with two children; sleep home; small wages.
Apply 1S97 Stockton st.
WANTED— Girl to make beds and clean rooms;
must be uulck.and neat. . Apply at Sherman
. House. 2S Eighth st.
SALESLADY experienced in millinery wanted:
, steady position; at 1323 Stockton st.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde at. ¦
PARTNER In dressmaking: also apprentice.
MME. FARRIS. 1626 Devlsadero at.
GERMAN Klrl -waitress for a country hotel;
> wages $20. : Apply L. TROST, 616 Clay St.
WANTED— Capable young German woman fot
general housework. 797 McAllister st.
WANTED— Young girl; to aaslst In general
¦j housework. • 2510 Clay St. .'¦-.-.. :
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
rGER7L\NToo^TtyT^25r~^
« GIRLS, general housework, city.
1 CHAMBERMAID.
1 COOK, city, $30. <
4 GIRLS, housework, country.
2 MIDDLE-AGED women, house— Tk, country.
3 MIDDLE-AGED women, housework, city.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB, 927 Market.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators,
knitters, crocheters nnd menders. Apply at
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO., 412 Polk st.
WANTED — Experienced girl for cooking and
general . housework; 4 in family; wages $25;
_reference required. 3740 25th, cor. Fair Oaks.
GIRL to assist in light housework a few hours
a day; handy with needle. 3570 Seventeenth.
GIRL for light housework;* call between 12 and
4. S7 Sharon st.
COLORED girl for chamberwork. Apply at
35 Turk st., afternoons.
WANTED— Woman to hire agents and estab-
lish branch houses In small towns. Box 1873,
Call office.
WOMAN to assist In light housework: good
home and fair pay. Call at 116 Taylor St.,
after 12.
WANTED— Experienced mangel hand. Apply
Mercantile Towel and Laundry Co.. 251 Jesrte.
FINISHERS on custom coats; also apprentice
girl. 204 Tehama st.
GIRL for plain cooking and housework; small
family. 3022 Clay st.
GIRLS GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32^ Fremont.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; hairdressing taught in 4
weeks MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
WANTED— An experienced hand In <Jre«>smak-
Ing. Apply at 819% York at., bet. 20th and 21st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and take
care of baby. 1632 McAllister 3t.
YOUNG srlrl to assist- at housework and live
home. 307 Scott st.
WANTED — Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. S09 Kearny st., room 2.
FEW young ladles to Join night school: low
rntes. Ayres" Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received fit Call branch office. 220O Flllraore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
st 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WASTED- MALE.
w^A^TE_rT.??rrrrr.7rrrrrrr.7r?r."?rrr??.?^7nr?r
Coachman for gentleman's place in country;
$20 per month and found; see party here. W.
L>. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Stableman on ranch, $25 and found
10 men handy with ax to peel tan bark, $40
and board, s»e party here
Baker's helper, country shop, $30 and found;
waiter for city boarding house, $25; waiter
for Institution in city, $5 per week and found;
10 laborers for sawmill company. $2G to $40
and board and fare paid, and others. W. 1>.
EWER & CO.. ttO Clay st.
AT C> R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Wanted for the Coast Railroad; free fare:
Masons' helpers $2 CO a day
-Concrete mixers $2 60 a day
Rockmen $2 a day
KocTt laborers' 12 a day
Teamsters $2 a day
Horseslioer $3 a day
Free fare ~. Free fare
4 carpenters for railroad work, $3 a day, free
fare
10 railroad laborers, company work, $1 75 a
day, free fare I
10 weighers, country, $2 a day, fare advanced;
10 hammersmen, $2 a day; 2J muckers for
mine, $2 £0 a day; 10 miners, $2 50 a day: 50
woodsmen and laborers for sawmills and
avooiIs, }2t; to $35 and board, fares advanced;
30 farmers, different ranches. $25. $2<J and $30
and $1 and $1 23 a day and board: 2 stable-
men, $25 and $30; buggy washer, $C0; U chore
men, $15 and $:'0; 4 milkers, $25 and $30. C. R.
HANSKN & CO., 104 Geary at.
A CHEF, $80; second cook, $50. for resort:
baker and pastry cook. $60; second cook,
country hotel, $S<); 6 restaurant cooks, $S, V,
$10 and $12 a week; 10 waiters, city ami coun-
try. $30 to $r>0: 2'J dishwashers and kitchen
hands. $20. $25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary at.
2 ERRAND boys for our office who know the
city and live with parents; $3 a week. C. It.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. .
SLAUGHTER house butcher, $30 and found;
machine blacksmith, $3 50 to $4 day; black-
smith for sawmill, $43 and board; floor man,
shoeing shop, $2 t>0 day: 2 wheelwright setters,-
for mill, $50 and beard; man and wife, pri-
vate familj', $50; wheelwright; carriage paint-
er, $3 day: carpenter for ranch: slop brick
molder, S3 and board; millwright for coun-
try. J. P. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacra-
mento st.
6 CROSSCUT sawyers. $30 to $35; 4 barkers, $40;
3 jackscrewers, $35 to $10; 10 laborers for mill
and woods. $26 and found; CO laborers for
mill and woods, $2 day and Increase; 4 la-
borers for brick yard, $20 and board: farm-
ers, milkers, gardeners and many others. J.
F. CROSETT Atency. 62S Sacramento st.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
Wanted — Cooks for country, bakers for coun-
try-; head waiter, city hotel; cooks, city ho-
tels and restaurants; dishwashers, silvermen,
porters. German clerk and barkeeper for
country hotel. $30 month; other positions to
uult all: call an* see us. J. F. CROSETT
Agency.
MAN and wife 'for country ranch work; $10.
MISS CULLEN, 3C5 Sutter *t.
C BOYS; $3 50 and $4 per week: early.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. .27 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Bill clerk; 18 to 20 years of age;
must be rapid and accurate: salary small to
commence with; chance for., advancement.
Apply W., box 1892, Call.
WANTED— A flrst-class fancy goods man; must
understand laces, gloves, handkerchiefs, veil-
ings; salary $75 per month; give references
nnd age. Apply box 1SC0. this office.
GENTLEMAN stenographer and bookkeeper.
$100 per month; must operate a Smith premier
typewriter. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
COMPOSITOR, apprentice, young man or girl,
that can set straight matter. Apply Imme-
diately Baker Printing Co.. 426 Ninth Bt..
Oakland.
WANTED— A beam hand to work In Santa
Cruz. Apply to Kron Tanning Co., 107 Clay
st., city.
WANTED— Stenographer and typewriter; IS to
20 years of age; small salary to begin with.
Apply W.. box 1893. Call.
WANTED— Cash boys for dry goods store: must
be 14 years old: give references and age.
Apply box 1S99. Call office. .
MIDDLE-AGED single man to help In saloon;
must be of sober habits; no other need apply.
1200 Stockton st.
WANTED— Boy to drive a butcher cart; one
experienced preferred: call early. College
Market. Mission and Twenty-fifth sts.
BARBERS for city and country: wages $15 a
week. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh St.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific st.
BARBER for. Saturday; wages $3. 89 Third
street. --
WANTED— First-class barber for Saturday and
Sunday; $5. 633 Broadway.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
538 Valencia et.
BARBERS— Wanted 2 good barbers for Satur-
day. 797 Mission st.
GOOD barber for Friday afternoon and Satur-
day. C23 Clay st.
BARBER wanted; steady job. 17S0 Seventh
St.. West Oakland.
WANTED— A sood blacksmith and horseshoer:
also jrocd wheelwright. Apply 508 California.
WANTED— 2 bushelmen at. 2820 Greenwich st.
WANTED— 20 or 25 house carpenters. Call
Howard st. wharf No. 2, steamer St. Anna.
WAITERS wanted: none but experienced ones
need apply. 20 Third st.
SOBER and reliable short-order cook for night
work. 134S Howard st. ¦
WANTED — Good tinsmiths. Apply a£ 17 Drumm
street.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. »f>62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD bootblack. wanted at corner of Front and
Market sts. ¦
WANTED— Good milk bread baker. 1133 Folsom
street. ._'-,. .
¦WANTED-Steady waiter at Magnolia Cafe, A
and 6 East, st., opposite Oakland ferry.
WANTED— Young man with some experience
- In barber business. . 1648 Mission rt. . ¦ .
PORTER wanted for, barber shop. 103 Fourth
.¦..street. \ ¦ "• . ' ... ¦ ¦ • , _ ..- : -,.-
NIGHT cook wanted at 1302 Turk St., on short
orders. :
2 CAI1INET-MAKERS wanted. 179 Thirteenth
- street. ¦•.-¦•---¦.¦¦¦--: -. .. .' '•¦¦... .- .
WAITER— Young man, $6 per week. ¦ Restau-
rant, 206 McAllister it. •¦
WANTED— Sober, married man in business
.-' house dolr.g cleaning and all-around work;
-German preferred.- Box 494,- Call office.'- '-¦-''-
HELP WAXTKD-MAIK.
A. .WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
663 men for 60 different Jobs from laborers
to run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peeler*. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscp;\ver*. ban>l
sawyers, screw turners, gang ecl^rmen, In
fact we want help' of every Iwcrlptltjn for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0. $73. *»>. $120. $«>,
$50. $40. $;0 and found; &84 woodchopper*. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some ut mines.
J3. $2 50. S2. $1 50. $1 and 7ic cord
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63S C!av fit.
A..... SPECIAL
5 drillers, hammersmen, near city
; $2 to $2 SO day
2 to run steam boilers and separators. $3 day.
$30. $35 and found: furnace man. married.
$65, house, water, *vood free, for a niln>»; 6
men to work in fruit. $20, $26 and found;
choreman and wife, see boss here, Sonora
County, $10 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 gay st.
A GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
27 laborers, free fare $35 and found
3»7 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, Including San Francisco, $2 JO. $2,
$1 75 day; 26 two-horse teamsters, free fare,
see boss here
MECHANICAL HELP j
House carpenters, city work $3 and $1 day
19 blacksmiths, also some helpers. $3. $2 50.
$2 day, $45. $50, $60. $40, $33, $30 and four:.!.
come and see; 3 wheelwrights and woodwork-
ers, $2 50 day, {45 and found
machine blacksmith, city Job V> SO day
gardeners, farmers and wives and utility men.
EASY JOBS FOR MEN OR STRONG BOYS.
23 men or boys to pick peas, hoe h^iween
trees, vines, pull rhubarb, make yourielvwi
useful, etc., $17 CO per month and found, fare
30c, call early
..KARMS. DAIRIES, STABLES, UATINO..
Buggy washer c *>»
27 haymakers, for all parts. ...$1 25 day and M
1S4 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California. $35. $30. $26. $20 and found,
come and see
47 milkers and butter makers
$35, $30, J-3 and found
9 stablemen, city and country
$30. $40, $30, $25 an_ found
27 choremen and boys
•:«, $25. $20. $15, $10 and found
6 sheepherders $25 and found
27 two and four-horse scraper teamsters
$30 and found
16 ranch teamsters, al_o some teamsters for
road work
Help for hop yards $30. $35 and found
For the. other positions come down and read
billboards
Phone Main MURRAY & READY,
6S4S 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
A 9 GOLD MINES..
4 SILVER MINES
14 OTHER MINES
27 miners, single-hand work $75
6 machine miners $90
3o laborers, no experience required, $00 per
: month, lncludlnc board and lodging
3. laborers, you'll suit, fare $2 50 $34 and fd
27 laborers, you'll suit, fare S3 10.. ..$30 and fd
! 36 muckers for a mine, come and see $73
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63$ Clay St.
A— HOTEL, LAUNDRY, BAKERY
AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS
39 cooks
$G0. $_0, $45. $40. $35, $30, $25 and found
38 waiters.;. ..$40. $35. $30, $26. $25. $20 and fd
27 dishwashers, porters, runners, bell and ele-
vator boys $30, $26, $25. $20. $15 and found
12 laundrymen $35, $30, $26 and found
9 second and third-hand bakeri, also helpers,
$40 to $20 and found; hand lroners. $35 and
found; 2 waiters, mine boarding house. 520
and found; roustabout., mine boarding house.
*25 and found '
Young man for butcher shop $25 and fd
Bakery wagon drivers, $20 and found: porter
and runner, country hotel, $15, see boss here,
fare paid.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED — Experienced stripper boy. Apply
1S»_ Fifth st.
YOUNG man drive milk wagon 1 route; $10 and
found. Call 8 to 10, 1318 Hyde st.
WANTED— Nlsht waiter for coffee house. 23
Fourth st.
EXPERIENCED stableman; single, sober, re-
liable; han'dy with tools; wages $65; give
name of present or previous employer. Box
49S. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced bookkeeper for a gen-
eral merchandise store located In the south-
ern part of the State; party roust be a good
penman, accurate at figures and of temper-
I ate hahltv; cood position and salary to the
right party; man about 35 years of age and
married preferred. Address box 493, Call.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between th»
ages of 21 and 35 yearn; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Of3ce, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cak. or
ISO K St., S8<*ramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
claps: special inducements this reason; only
Institution in the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. «33
Clay st. *
GOOD position, good salary, for a flrst-clas*
washer; In city; must be sober, reliable and
understand the details of tho washroom. Ad-
dress box 4S4. Call office.
MAN to open oysters and make himself gener-
ally useful around the kitchen. Cafe Zlnk-
and. 627 Market st.
WANTED — Steady man with $73; can make S13
per week above exj>enses: light work; perma-
nent place. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
MEN to learn barberins and halrdrepslnff at S.
F. Barber School, 741 A Howard st.
LAST hand on bread. Ill and 113 Larkln st.
TAILORS wanted, also pressmen on custom
coats. 304 Tehama st.
WANTED— Bill clerk: must be thoroughly
capable In calculation and use of typewriter.
Addreps box 1875 t Call office.
ALL slze3 men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop, first-class cigar and
laundry business; must sell this week: on
account of sickness. Apply J. A. FOSTER,
corner Sixth and Market sts.
BARBERS!— Byrns Hotel barber shop, with
baths, for sale. Woodland.
BUP.NISHER wanted In DENN'ISTON'S S. F.
/ Plating Works. 652 Mission st.
BARBER, flrst-clasa workman, wants popltion
In country or Oakland. Box 4579, Call office.
WANTED — Valet: Edward Langer preferred.
Address WM. I. PIXLEY. corner O'Farrell
anu Powell _iti.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. U per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
8AILORS. ordinary seamen and green handi;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. ft7 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BOT 14 to 16: make himself generally useful
In factory.. 723 Market ?t.. room 35.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 18
years* practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bns and baggage to and from the ____
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to S5c per nlrht: 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Po'k st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at-1096 Va-
lenrla st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, E<«; — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Urand Arcade Horse Market.
t?7 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1K1
and 162S Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
' SPAN of handsome stylish buggy or carriage
horses; 7 years old; bays. 253S Market si.,
or 303 Parrott building.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market st ; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; S and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet. dent.. SOS Golden Gate av.
HOUSES TO LET. .
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cul-r. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
FOR summer months— Sunny cor. house, com-
pletely furnished, including Steinway grand
piano: 9 rooms and hath: basement; canlen;
1 block 3 car lines; $50. 221S Stelner. cor. Clay.
LOST AXD KOUXD.
BETWEEN S and 9 o'clock p. mT~o_T~Thlrd
St., English pu_ about 5 months old. Finder
please return to 44$ Third St., and receive
reward. ;
LOST — 1 roll plans on steamer Berkeley. 6 p.
m. trip from Oakland, Wednesday. Return
to 616 Battery st.; reward.
LOST— Saturday night, near Sheep Island. 7
pieces of net— 5 pieces of 6H-lnch and 2 of 6-
Inch masse. Return 8 Union St.; reward.
DIAMOND fob locket; letters "G. J. F.": re-
turn to Dr. • Kitzglb bon,' 21 Powell St., and re-
ceive reward. .
1/DST— Spaniel and setter hunting dog. Return
to 14 Chattanooga St., and receive reward.
LOST— Lady's small gold watch: Initials "L. M.
, B."- on face. Reward at 609 Call bldg.
LOST AXD FOISD.
LOST— Cocker Kaniel. Return to SUA~La?M^\
St.; reward. -.
LOST— $130 reward; spotted coach bltrha
"Queen." Return to JOE BARUH. 246 Sixth.
ESQUIMO spitz dc;r. Mack, -white breast, bushy
tail. Return to K_G Sacramento St.; reward.
LOST— Engraved coin bracelet; Tuesday; b».
tween San Francisco and Sunsrt Park. Re-
turn to Call o*ice and receive $5 reward.
LOST — A dark chestnut mare from P.
V,T_FF*S grocery.' Se-venth ava. and M it..
Butchertown; $10 reward.
LOST— Sunburst pin with diamond center. ZS3
O'Farrell St.; no questions asked: rewartt
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. 0'DOX?«'EL_, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
case4 successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation, free. Write or call at
1C23*. Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento St.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and aliments
cured exclusively by Chlnesa herbs and tea*;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. m. to \Z m..
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. :
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' phy-
sician, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned
from Europe with advanced knowledge ; treat-
ment $5; 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007*. Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. rellabla specialist: 23 yrs.
practice: home in confinement: treatment at
office ?5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. S42 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEX, 1035 Market; ladtes'j spe-
cialist; treatment at office, J5: consultation
free; hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie Z57.
DR. F. FRANK and MRS. ANDERSON, ladled*
physicians; reliable specialists; treatment. $3.
1019 I.aguna st. ¦
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. ITS Market; lades'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late
scientific methods ;. treatment. Jo.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken; terms
reasonable. 823 Castro st.. near 7th. Oa_Jand.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
men at office. J5; consultation free. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
MRS. SCIIWARTING, midwife; pri— ate boxns
tn confinement for ladles. E10 Eddy st.
VI- VI— DR. WISE Sc CO., the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market St.; V> up.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St., the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment. 13.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private hoin»
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles: ladies' department '
removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness ave..
opp. St. Ignatius, room 25. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Post.
METAPHYSICS.
GRADUATE of National School Mental. Mag-
netlc healing. -Dr. Laaswell.14 McAllister. r. 24.
MISCELLAXEOl'S FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Zd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO-H & WOLPMAN. 195-1S7 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITKLAW. 216 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. XOO-
NAN.- 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abovo
Sixth; wrtte for catalogue.
ONE extra fine quality, double, 1 outer and 1
inner, 2 compartments, fire and burglar proof
bank vault: made In sections for convenience
in shipping and for setting up; will sell at a
bargain for cash. Box ISSO. Call office.
BARBER fixtures ana turnlture; 2-chalr outfit
complete; must be sold at once at a sacrifice.
Inquire room 614, Call bid?.
AUTOMATIC V.'lllcox & Glbbs sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission St..
near Fifteenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
J100: concert record*. $2 50. BACIGALL'PI.
953 Market St.. San Francisco.
NEAT genuine diamond stud for $12; worth 125.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FINE old Italian violin cheap* 162 Jessie «t..
corner Annie, opposite Palace. Hotel.
FIXTURES, etc., of notion store for sale. 2103
Folsom st.
8-FT. 12-lb. steel T-rail cheap. BURNSTINES
. BROS..- &34»J3S "Brannan st.
ONE 3 H. P. 220 volt motor; standard make: al-
most new; cheap. WHITE. 51S Mission St.
A— $3 i<> DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
WE want good clothes and will pay big prices.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
CASH registers of every description for sala
and repaired. 1227 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
A FINE suit. 110: dresa pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
PORTABLE ene!n»s. boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A. NEW Standard Typew-rlter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1332 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof rafe. 216 California St.
S\FES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and bui_-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second band, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded «?!ck»r: 1 planer and matcher: t
air ccmnrwor: B locomotive*. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTsT
BIG prices paid for full-dress suits. PORT-*
LAND LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stsckton; will tail.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
ca-h. H. L. WHITF.HttAn. 171ft Mark»t at.
~ MOXETY TO LOAX
ANY proposition, any amount; • per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. O. EL
oLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at I per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate tn pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. X.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
¦t.; tel. Main 1H4. Branch 13 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
' watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamond*.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Exchge, 431 Calif.
AT 12* Kearny St.. room 9. respectable prtvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ;qutclc
tervtce; money direct: lowest Interest. Room*
63 and St. Donchoe building, 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1^» per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBAROER.
»22 Ellis st.. room 34.
TO salaried people; without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and p!_nos; 3%:
no removal; no commission. S Eddy st.. r. 31.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorxer. MORRELL. 809 Examiner building.
ISO TO $30.(00; lowest rates; 1st and tl mortga. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commlyalon; private. L_pK. lit McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need,
more money see H. MURPHY, «0 Market st.
TO salaried men, without collateral or lndorser;
other propesttions: private rooms. San Fran-
flypo Discount Agency. 143 T'helan building.
3UMCAI, I.\STKUJ1KSTS.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
K. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible don* to please and satisfy th*
customer.
KNABE planes: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
GOOD piano from fZO to $130- xruaranteed; tn-
f tallm-nts $'. S3. - IT. $10; rents $3 up.
HEINE'S. 13S EUia St. ______
WILL, sell for storage, upright, $50; Thos. Ball
piano. 120: A. B. Chase. Steinway and
others. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
BOHJIER * CO.. Byron Mauzy plane*. 20* to
Si: Post st.ARRIVED.
Thursday. May S.
Stmr Acasulco. Cattarinlch, 24 days from
Panama and way ports.
access to the money. The Grant Broth
ers' railroad construction gang la camped
in this vicinity.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
bed of $500 last night. The robbery was
not discovered until this morning when
the saloon was opened for the day's busi
ness. The Sheriff's office was notified at
once and officers have been scouring th^
Siml section of the county during the day
without success. The saloon is thirty-five
miles from this city, and at times several
hundred dollars is deposited In the safe.
The combination of the safe was not
thrown oft and the robbers easily gained
"Wharf Rats" Make a Raid
on the Mission-Street
Pier.
(Jet Away With a Case of Cigars
Trace.
Prom Under Noses of Three
Watchmen and Leave No
The gang of sneak thieves that Infests
the water front made a haul on Mission
street wharf last Wednesday. In spite of
the fact that there are three electric
lights v and three watchmen on the wharf
a case of cigars valued at $350 was re
moved and not a trace. of the thieves can
be found. .When ttte" Albion sailed for
Nome two cases of cigars and some other
merchandise was left behind. The* wharf
rats evidently came along in a skiff and
climbing upon the wharf made away with
one case under the watchmen's noses.
Their boat was evidently a small one or
they would j have taken the second case
also. Sergeant Tom Ellis of the "harbor
police was engaged on the case all of yes
terday and has a clew to. the robbers that
may end in landing the entire gang in
jail.
Bound for the Orient.
The Mail Company's steamer Rio de
Janeiro sailed, for Hongkong yesterday
via Honolulu and Yokohama. She carried
a very small passenger list. Among those
in the cabin was Commander F. M. Wise,
who goes to the Asiatic station to taka
command of one of the gunboats. Quito
a number of Chines© and Japanese sailed
on the vessel. Among them were fifty
three natives of the Flowery Kingdom
and two from the land of the chrysanthe
mum, who were deported at the last min
ute. These fifty-five Mongolians have been
held in the pen over the entrance to the
Mail dock for over a month, awaiting
habeas corpus proceedings, but the Collec
tor took heart of grace when The Call re
minded him the Asiatics were in the coun
try without process of law and sent them
back.
Mrs. Peterson Passes Away.
Mrs. B. Peterson, relict of the late Harry
Peterson and mother of Henry Peterson,
the well known oarsman, died at her
home, 1164 Center street, Oakland, last
Wednesday morning. Her death will be
mourned by a large circle of friends.
Mrs. Peterson camo here, in 1859 via
Panama on the steamer Golden Gate, and
her home has ever since been in Califor
nia. She was taken sick last Sunday, but
no thought of a fatal termination to her
illness was entertained. A sudden attack
of rheumatism went to the heart and all
was over in an instant. She leaves three
sons and three daughters to mourn her
loss. Henry, is known throughout all ship
ping circleaxin San Francisco and among
rowing men the world over. Charles is on
the police force and Edward is in business
In Oakland. The remains will be brought
across the bay on the 2:30 p. m. boat to
day and the interment will take place in
Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
Accidents. on the Front.
L. Flnninan, a fireman on the revenue
cutter Manning, is puzzling the doctors at
the Harbor Hospital. He was found on
Howard-street wharf in a dazed condi
tion and taken to the hospital in the am
bulance. His power of speech was gone.
When Dr. Walter Thome came on watch
he made a thorough examination of the
patient and found that his entire right
side was .gradually becoming paralyzed.
The man's head was carefully looked over
for a wound and his body was examined.
The only scratch that could be found 'was
on the right shin, from which the skin
had been scraped in several places.
When Dr. Dorr came in he and Dr.
Thome held a consultation on the case
and everything possible was done for the
unfortunate fellow. The chances are
against his recovery, however. Finninan
was paid off from the revenue cutter last
week and started in to have a good time.
He was to have been aboard again yester
day and the chances are that he wandered
down to the front during the night,
tripped over some obstruction on the
wharf and in falling injured his skull.
Thomas J. Foley of 1S13 Powell street
will not drink oyster cocktails on the
front again in a hurry. Yesterday he
swallowed a piece of the shell along with
the oyster and had to have it removed
by Dr. Cherry at the Harbor Hospital.
Water Front Notes.
The work of turning the Missouri from
a hospital ship Into a freight boat is pro
gressing rapidly. When completed she
will be named tthe Egbert.
The Wyefield is taking in the Aztec's
coal, and when the work is completed she
will go to Seattle to load for Manila. The
Azteo will be turned over to her owners
to-day by the Government.
The Charles Nelson is in quarantine.
She brought thirty-five passengers and a
cargo of sugar from Kauai.
Captain Magan now commands the
steamer Empire, vice Captain Nelson,
who Is going to Nome.
The Nome steamer Rainier had a suc
cessful trial on the bay yesterday. She
made better than eleven knots and proved
herself to be a very comfortable snip.
Steamship Coptic Arrives.
The steamer Coptic arrived from the
Orient last night. She came via Honolulu,
which port the vessel left on Friday. It
was the Intention of the officials to raise
the quarantine at Honolulu on the follow
ing? Monday.
The Coptic brings 105 cabin passengers.
Of that number -twenty-nine were from
Honolulu. There are also on board ten
European steerage, 458 Chinese and fifty
seven Japanese passengers.
Acapulco in Port.
The Pacific Mall steamer Acapulco ar
rived last night from Panama and way
ports. As she did not get in until after
sundown she lay In quarantine all night.
For More Shipping News See Page
Eight.
AN OLD TIME MARINER
DIES QUITE ALONE
Captain G. S. Hinsdale, Pioneer Ship-
Master and Capitalist, Passes
Away Suddenly.
Captain G. S. Hinsdale. a pioneer ship
master and shipowner, died rather sud
denly yesterday morning at the Lick
House, where he has resided for many
years. He was a widower, 77 years of age.
For many years he had lived quite by
himself, and refused to permit any of his
relatives to take care of him. He had
suffered from asthma and general weak
ness due to old age. but fought against
death with a resolution that prolonged his
life many months. On Wednesday morn-
Ing he Insisted on leaving his room and
sitting in the office .-of. the hotel. That
night when he retired he asked the night
watchman, to look after him during the
night. The request was complied with.
At about 3 a. m. the watchman entered
the room "just In time to see the old man
breathing his last. •
Captain Hlnsdnle was a native of New
England and came to California first in
the early '50's as the master of a sailing
ship. lie followed the sea up to about
fifteen , years ago, when ho retired and
took up his' residence In the Lick House,
where he continued to reside up to the
time of his death. His wife died twenty
years ago. They had no children.. Mrs.
M T. Huffman, a niece of deceased, re-
Bides at Merced, and Oscar Hinsdale, a
nephew at Gardiner. Or. The body was
removed yesterday to Gray's undertaking
parlors and will be later shipped to Santa
Barbara for burial.
Captain Hinsdale was reputed to be
worth over $100,000, nearly all of which Is
invested in shipping.
VENTURA, May 3.— The 'safe In Floyd
McCoy's saloon In Simi .Valley was rob-
Safe Bobbed.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TP S^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1900.
PALACE HOTEL. I
L, L Hopkins, Btkn
W P Wagy, Colo
G B Hug? ii, Colo Spgs
G C Sweet, U S N
I C Alken, Plttsburg ,
L Frank, NY
B V Ryland. Stockton
J K Daw. Spokane
W Ghelant, Los Ang
0 T Durell, Johan'burg
B P Barker, Cal
J J Dooley, N Y
J W Halstead, N Y
Mrs Halslead, N Y
W,E Ranson, N Y
Mrs J A Cisco. Los A
J A Cisco, Los Ang
C P Overton. Los Ang
Mrs Overton, Los Ang
Dr T Flint, San Juan
Mrs Flint, San Juan
C Wolne, : Vancouver
Mrs • Wolne, Vancouver
Mrs P Watson, CkI
MIps F Watson, Cal
J C Twombly, Colo
Mrs Twombly, Colo
K L Howe, Boston
ll A Parker, Boston
Mrs Gratwlck. Buffalo
Mrs Gratwlck, Buffalo
Miss Lowry, Buffalo
P C Gratwlck} Buffalo
I C W Frieshmuth. Pa
Mrs Frieshmuth, Pa
Miss A Frieshmuth. Pa
Miss Kenney, Pa
Duke de la Garre, Spain
G H Clarke. Neb
VV H Starr, N Y
F" W Mooers. Los 'Ang
P" Pearl. USA
G <: Hunter, N T
R J Sickles, N Y
F L Munus, Cleveland
G B Marshall, Lot Ang
H G Waterman, Phlla
J Heller, NY
E Hymansay, H T
M Kind, N Y
Miss D Baer, Sonora
CD Kavanagh, U S N
S Hodson, London
J C K van E Hodson,
GRAND HOTEL.
M Hewitt. Monterey
H K Stahl. S Jose
W Chappel. Vallejo
,T F Conkey, S Jose
J R Chace, San Jose
F J Hughes, Sausallto
S J Gardner, Cal
E J Jon e?. Cal
J C Dry-dale.'- L Ang
Dr W T McArthur Cal
J T Summerville, Cal
J A Robinson, Englndi
E .1 Morris, Los Ang |
N Blackstock. Ventura.
\V C Tower & w. Mich
Mrs L ¦ H Armstrong.
Michigan _ ,
,T R.Whitaker & w, Cal
M I- Morris & w. Cal
H S Johnson, Neb
H Marquarde, Cal ¦
j XV Bowerv Los Ang i
J K Miller. Mont . .1
S F Smith. S Diego
W Ashdy & w. . Berlin
H K Wink, Jamestown
J Flanagan, Mendocln
P Johnson, Cal
W A Trephagen, Cal
W B Day. Redding
R Williams. Arizona
Mra J P Abbott. Cal
N W Allen, Kans City
M H Carr & w, Vallejo
C Milne & w, Vancouvr
R K Stoddard, Phoenix
C Carr, Cal
CF Bryant. Cal -
J T. Grace, S Rosa
J B Ashby. Los Ang ; .
R T Winston. Chgo
G A .'Smith, :Cal
H C . Lawson & w, Pa I
AH Low. Log Ang
T C Low, Los Ang
NEW- WESTERN HOTEL.
F J Walker, Lathrop
Mrs Walker, • Lathrop
J Brennan, Illinois
L L Agre. Minn
C H Powers, Mich. .
Mn I Powers. ¦ Mich
A J Duffy,. San Jose
O Wilson, Rio Vista
H Neilson, Vallejo
G Neilson. Vallejo
D ¦ Bird, i Cal.";
U X liadwa. M
T C Halstead, Sonora
F , Levinson, Fresno
O C ' Barnum, ' Neb
Mrs Barnura. Neb
F Keller, Iowa
BC Stanton. Lou Ang
W, J .Tlbbetts. Chicago
R W Southmayd.Mlnn
S E Ballard. Sta Rota
W H.Taylor, Cal
W Chinn, Vallejo
1
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
11
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
JOHN J. BYRNE, EDWARD CHAMBERS,
General Passenger Agent, General Freight Agent.
Lines west of Albuquerque.
W. A. B1SSELL, Assistant Traffic Manager, Santa Fe Systerrw
The date for inaugurating passenger train service will bo
announced later.
May 1st freight will be handled regularly to and from the East
and all points in the San Joaquin Valley and Southern California.
Freight Depot : Corner Spear and Harrison Streets.
It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and it
hopes to receive a generous proportion of the public patronage.
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway System begs to
announce the completion of Its railway from San Francisco to
It is the only railway which owns and controls its track from
the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan.
CHICAGO
Santa Fe Route
OPEN
SAN FRANCISCO
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
If deceased was a member OF ANT ORGAN-
IZAT1ON havir.g a presiding officer and secre-
tary thfl charge for cremation, a copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service Is $30.
The same for members of his family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery Association,
CREMATION.
Telephone South 247.
yvieMVOV A. CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS &¦ EMBALMERS,
_39 Market st...^ between 8th and 9th.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
STORAGE AXI> AVA REHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell;. tel. Main 5711.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 1340 Market St.;
tel. South S35; packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
TO LKAS12.
FOR rent-Fine dairy: 100 to 125 cows; In Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent to right parties;
this is a money maker. For further particu-
lars apply to FRANK HICKMAN, 412 J Bt.,
Sacramento. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
f $00— FORECLOSURE: modern 4 room and bath
cottage; eunny side of street; 3 blocks from
rtation and school; terms $100 cash, $10 per
month.
11900 — New modern cottage; S rooms and
bath; street work, cement walks, etc., com-
plete; near station and school; 1100 cash, $20
per month. . .. r. - *: V- v -
$1650 cash— To close en estate; worth $3000;
finest corner In Alameda; see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath: $3000;
do money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this Is a. snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
BARGAINS ON TERMS.
6, 6 and 7 room cottages; 7, 8 and 9 room
houses; waterfront property; lot 66x193, ' on
Central ave.. near Fifth St.: double lH-story
house rents for $24; price $1200. Apply to A.
R. DENKE. Webster-st. station.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RRAL ESTATE.
ALMOST new cottage, 6 rooms, bath; hot and
cold water; brick foundation: stationary tubs;
nice bay window: lot 50x135; price $1150; only
$100 cash, balance $12 50 monthly; this Is a
pickup; owner goinsr to Cape Nome; 1 block
from electric cars; 4 blocks from station.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station,
ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
$1350— LOVELY 5-room cottage; all Up to date:
plumblnp first class: near cars and schools:
worth $2000: owner going East: terms If de-
Fired. O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
2 ACRES: only 3 miles north of Berkeley: 7-
room house, chicken houses, barn, farming
implements, horses, bu^EY. cow, pigeons,
chickens and everything pertaining to the
place: all In first-class condition; only $2500;
$500 cash, balance to fuit: also a fine resi-
dence in Berkeley, to exchange for a ranch.
GEO. SCHMIDT. Berkeley, Schmidt block.
6 ACRES, rirht In the heart of beautiful Berke-
ley: small/house, laree barns; very conven-
ient: for sale at a low price. MASON &
McLENATHEN, adjoining Postoffice, Berke-
ley Station.
NEW house, near university; 9 rooms, bath,
etc. : complete In every particular: very ac-
cessible. For sale by MASON & McLENA-
THEN. adjoining Postoffice. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
"THE PLEASANTON," 2632 Durant ave.. will
be open for summer boarders May 15; rates
reasonable; board optional.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOM and board by youni? lady; reasonable.
Address 1327 Park st.. Alamela.
O.\ill,AND KlTRMTl'RE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND KOT1CES.
Ml'TUAL Electric "Light Co.— A monthly~d!vi-
dent (No. 8) of eight (S) cents per share on
the Usued capital stock of the company has
been declared, payable at the office of the
company. 627 Howard st., San Francisco, on
May 11, 1900. Transfer books close on May 5,
1900, at 4 p. m. JAMES FISHER, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— THE GIANT POWDER
* COMPANY tCon.)— A dividend, No. 17. of.
Seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California st., San Francisco, on
May 10. 1900. Transfer books close May 3,
1HK), at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary*.
i USUAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOWARDENNAN Improvement Co-.— Notlco of
Intention to change principal place of busi-
ness— Notice is hereby given that In pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
thirds (2-3) of the capital stock of the Ro-
v.-ardennan Improvement Co., a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed In the office or said .cor-
poration, it Is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, in the county of Santa Cruz,
State of California, said removal or change
to take effect Immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, California, this 3d day of May. A. D.
19t>0. ROWARDEXNAX IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON. Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California. Probate.
In the matter of the estate of ELIZA M.
SHARP, deceased. Notice for publication of
time appointed for probate of will (C. C P..
sec. 1SU3). — Notice Is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the loth day of May. A. D. .1900. at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of eaid court, at the
new City .Hall, in the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the tlm<? and place for proving the
will of said ELIZA M. SHARP, deceased, and
for hearing the application of Union Trust
Company of San Francisco for the issuance to
It of letters testamentary thereon.
WM. A.DEANE, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTH ROP/ Deputy Clerk.
Dated May 1. A. D. 1900.
WM. B. SHARP. Attorney for Petitioner.
________
i^jT^RANCI-COrCal. ". A^7n~7T^5o(V-Seaied
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until It o'clock m., MONDAY, May 7. 1300.
and then opened, for furnishing during fiscal
year ending June 30. 1901. forage and straw,
lo be delivered on board of vessels at wharves
In San Francisco, Cal., for shipment to Hono-
lulu, H. I. Government reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids or any part
thereof. Preference given to articles of Amer-
ican production. "conditions of price and qual-
ity (Including In the price of foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and "such
preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the public
service there. All Information furnished on
application to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining bids to be Indorsed "Proposals for
" at San Francisco. Cal.," and ad-
dressed to J. M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quar-
termaster General, U. S. A., Chief Quarter-
master.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Joss D. Amaral. S3, Monterey, and Mary D.
Avila, 20. Monterey; - * '
Richard L. Scott. W, Los Gatos. and Char-
lotte F. Bror, '23,'Los Gatos.
Arthur M. Thieme. 25, dry, and Mauds I.
Lang, ,21. city. •
John E. Cook, 26, Petaluma, and Fannie Pi
Cooper, 13, Colusa.
Henri Laporte, 29/ South San Francisco, and
Josephine Cayla. 28. city.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS. '
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be hamioii
in at 1 either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
NIXON— In this city, April 29. 1900, to the wife
of John R. Nixon, a daughter. (Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
- MARRIED.
BERRY— PART1NGTON-In this city. May L
1900, by the Rev. W. C. Pond. Charles D.
Berry of Sonora. Cal., and Olivia Partlngton
of Han FrandBco.
CLEARY— KNOCHK— In this City. April 30
l»00. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Benjamin F.
Cleary and Elise C. Knoche.
H1HSCH-RURNS— In Los Angeles, ¦ April 29,
1900, by the Rev. Father. Gregory, Charles W.
Hlbsch of Azusa, Cal., and Rosle A.- Burns
of Denverton, Solano County, Cal.
SIOLER— McCARTY— In this city. May 1, 1900.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Charles T. Slgler
and Nettle McCarty.
DIED. ~~~ ~
Allen. James H. Lick, James W.
Campbell. Augustus Maxwell. Patrick
Casser. Elizabeth Mulholland. Rose
- Dalrimple.' Hudson Newman. George F.
Frrund, Philip On Lera
Gardella. Keraflna O'Neill. Louisa
Haase, Richard H. Peterson. Barbara
Harbert. Helen' A. Peutz, Anna
Hoyt, John P. Sampson, Annie J.
Keane. William B. Schult. Nlchlos H.
Landers. William J. Sweeney, Mrs. J. '.'¦-.
Lefor. Adolph
ALLBN-In this city. May 2, 1900, James " H.
Allen, beloved brother of John WV Allen, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 47 years and. 2
MtSICA_ INSTRUMENTS.
—» ..» ¦.!..» iii. ....'i _»» «^__
AS we repretert the best msLke of pianos In
every trace. Irom fc-.e'.nway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
merts are easier than those of ether dealers,
we sre the people from whom you should
jurchaee; new upright planes. $6 cash. $C per
rr^r.th: other pianos $3. J4 and 15 per month.
(-HHIIMAN. CLAY & CO.. (rUlnwav Dealers,
ccr. Keari.y and Sutter els.. San Francisco;
tcr. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
AN opportunity fcr «r»ap fcunters.
We 1 ..^i — Upright; like new.
Everett — Sanipl- from factory.
Vcse — Slightly u?ed; walnut case.
Krell — Laree sire; very pood.
Esti-y — Medium eize; Sine lone.
Woodworth- Small upright.
From ft>5 up: to close quickly no res.sor.ab>
offer re'used: warranted. BENJ. CURTAZ
i 6ON. 16-1S-20 OFarrell «t.. Checkering
Agency. .
IF yon really wsnt a real bargain, you can rely
•in getting a reliable article from us at a lew
price; call and see for yourself. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market ft.
Ol'R reputation for bargains Is well estab-
lished, because we always trlve the most that
can be had for the money; try u*. SiAUVAlb
MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Market St.
CECKER~&~SON and PACKARD pianos have
been «o well knewn for many years that we
need only ray we are the agents and carry a
full line. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ke trt. '
MAGNIFICENT upright piano; muet be sold
immediately on account of departure cf owner
frrrr. the city: $1_. Apply rm. 21. Flood bldg.
A FEW <!ays only-New pianos, J2 60 per mo.
SCOTT-CTRTAZ PIANO CO.. E60 Hayes St.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZk It
McAllister St., next HIbernia Bank.
FINE Fischer and Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 10:9 Van Ness ave.. nr. Geary st.
VT.'O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett _ Davis pianos. ,
f UPERIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
MITI.LeR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OrFICES AKC STORES TO LET.
LARGE etcre, comer Seventh and Natoma:
used SO yrs. as grocery and saloon; reasonable.
VALENCIA. SZ-i. near Twenty-first— Large ele-
rtnt store: rear rooms: larye basement. j
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neercaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to ?. fl6 Geary, nr. Jones.
PKRSOXALS. .
¦ LEDERER'S Quintonica. keeps hair fresh and
fine; 35c box: Lederer's Foamo Shampoo keeps
the scalp clean; Sc rkg. 123 Stockton St.
l:>ETEOTIVE— Honorable; confidential: secrets
inviolate. Address r>ox 4*0. Call office.
MI5P SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
vice. SiO Market st., second floor, room 37.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; ten
years' experience. J. B. RAY. S57 Jessie St.
LET>ERER Is the hairdresser who does It right,
price 25c; makes a fpecialty of fending artists
to do brides' hair: this week 22-inch switches
S3 _. J23 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lifrhts In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 1C0 rooms:
25c to tl to per night; SI 60 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
X-ADIEP' and rents' cast-oflt clothing bought and
m>ld. Silverman, SS4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 11»L
Ii PHOTOS for $2 per dozen at FOW_£R'S.
I14S Market Et.. near Taylor.
AN elegant *ult for JJO 76 from imported or do-
mestic remnants L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh end Eighth.
CURLED cr waved hair can be Quickly obtained
by using Talcott's Curling Fluid: 25c bottle.
CAET-OFF clothing, old gold and s'.lver bought;
send postal. COLEMAX'S. 506 Kearny st.
FTAS—KERnCO corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN, A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden st.. Oakland.
IF you wiyh full value for your cast-off cloth-
ink call on B Cohen. 157 Third; tel. Black 412S.
AUPKA fur parments. hoods, mitts, leather j
ccats. H. M HEIXEMAN. It* Sanaome st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
wn ].->an kodaks free; photo supplies; Backus
*tu"!lo 11 G«ary «t.. irround floor.
PHVSICI— _S A\D SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OfSce and residence,
ltrJIV* Market tt.. bet." Sixth and Seventh.
r.R. =TYAN'S Rheumatism Cure. $1; free to
poor every Wedre«<«ay. 36 Geary st.
PltOPEUTV WANTED. •
WANTED — At once imrroved Income city prop-
«•;¦;>. j:.vm to $*:J)0. fcr cash at SPECK A:
CO.'S. t-CT Market Ft.
V "^ __———— — ————————— — — _______
HEAL. ESTATE— CITY — POR SALE.
112. ;**¦— BUSINESS corner: splendidly Improved
with 3-etory bulldinj.- store and flats above;
rent $S**: always rented; small expenses. On
Hr.waM et.. close to town.
13250— Bent J5I: sunny side of Haight st; 3
flats; lot 2".xlft>; biggest kind of a bargain.
LYON & KOAG. 114 Montgomery St.
KINK FLATS
IN" A SELECT NEIGHBORHOOD.
S11.~c.ij — Pay over It per cent; Buchanan st.; 3
handsome flats; marble steps: tiled vestibule;
latest sanitary plumbing; a Sne investment.
LYON 6l HOAO. 11* Montgomery st.
jr-O — RENT tZt 00: 2 fine flats. D and 6 rooms.
Jr. be*t i«:>rtion cf park panhandle district;
lot &X121.
LYON & HOAO. 114 Montgomery st.
BIGGEST BARGAIN
IN THE CITY.
BEAUTIFUL WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$«wx-. easy terms; JoSOft. easy terms. Se« the
beautiful, new. nxxlern residences, in best por-
tion of Achbary Heights— Clayton st., close to
Frederick; let* of sunshln* In every room;
house- beautifully tinted and decorated; open
plumbing: porcelain baths; large clonets, etc.;
in e\ery »»>• a modern, stylish residence; lot
•jfxVl.Z: take blue r-sr on Eddy et., which
r^Et-es the houses '!.--. ~ u t and Ellis-et. cam
transfers op»n for ir.8;*-ctlon daily; terms,
|1"M cash, balance equivalent, to rent.
LY^N & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
FOIi EXCHANGE— PRICE tsnnn. ~
Beautiful corner lot in Berkeley: size 132x208
line?; street Fewrre«J: title clear; no mortgage;
«i!l exchange for San Francisco property, im-
proved or unimproved, and give or take cash
difference.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery Ft.
A HANDSOME HOME. — —
A new houpe on Ninth ave., near J st:, two
t':'"-!;* from the park; contains 7 large sunny
nous: finiehfd basement; 2 mantels; large re-
ception hall; fine porcelain bath: bay windows
front and i»»r; panoramic view of park and
l»y: an Ideal home; rlnw to all the park at-
t-a'-ti"Tis: prif-e only S31S9: terms turn* as rent;
talce E<ldy-M. cars <Haight-et. cars transfer),
ret rff at Ninth ave.. walk south 2 blocks; a
r!"s*ant ride; cen reach town In K minutes.
GOING RAST. GOING FAST.
2 F"LD IN THIRTY DAYS.
LYON * HOAO. 114 Montgomery Bt.
THOSE who have lots in the Richmond District
cr north of the park who really want to dls-
po»e of the same sunJ who will he guided by
th» unfler-igned can find Immediate purchas-
ers.; every lot that has been placed in my
hiTiSt f< r sale elnc« January 1 of thl» year.
». here the jp', ier- followed my «.dvlce. haa been
tr.jd; in no instance have I sold a lot on the
instaltopr.t plan. I am asked the question
"?ten: How la It that you find the buyers?
Possibly you may want to use tee ready
mono- cr may be tired carrying the burden
ct a mortcace: If so. call on the undersigned.
W. J. dnyy. C30 California st.
I HAVE Instructions to purchase some lots be-
tween Tirst ave. and not beyond Tenth ave..
J,ake ft. on the north and C Bt. on the south;
|ar:y one having lots within these limits who
wants to i-ell may find a buyer for cash If I
recommend the purchase. I have no time to
you went t» sell. W. J. GTJNX. £30 California.
HAVE you rral estate In the Mission or Hor-
ror's A<l<Jltk>n th&t you wl*h to dispose of
then call en XV. J. GUNN. 530 California «t.
17.' - .~ BIG BARGAIN
FLATS
»:,<«iv-_ Lsrpe 2-ftnry house of I flats; cost
present owner 111. M0: only ii minutes' walk
from New City Hall: will rent for IS5 per
month. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
I*OWNTOWN BUSINESS CORXEIt „
!15.<*V>— Choice sunny comer, near Ellis and
I.favtn worth *t*.; store* and flats; rents now
fiw pt month: : buildirfs. HOOKER &
LENT, ll Post et.
jjrfooc— FORECLOSURE : for a few days only;
si Cn-it bareain In one of the few large
prfjjj^rt Jet left in the manufacturing district;
n»«r let and F*o]som; 3 frontages; SOxiriT,; rents
nlwiut t2W: heavily mortgaged. SCOTT &
IIARRIP. 2'i Post st.
tJjrwv- At a sacrifice: en account of bank fore-
r-losure; lot 23xKV); improvement* 2-«tory
•ir>u«e. 7 rooms, bath: south side Seventeenth,
bet. Howard and Mission. Apply R. Me-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery ft., room 3.
UP-TO-DATE new modern liome: 11 r.. 5 baths;
complete anfl finished: this week. 2T1S Steiner
•¦t.. t:r. Broadway. THE MCCARTHY CO..
C46 Market St.
— _^^^_^_^____ - ___^_^___^____ w .
2 FLATS: top one 7 rooms and bath: lower one
6 rooms and bath; let 2::Cxl22:6; price IKM.
PHILKRICK. ?647 Folsorn rt. _^
It HAL, ESTATE COUXTRY For Sal.
A SPLENDID bargain— For sale to close an
estate, popular reeort In Santa Cruz moun-
tains; accommodates 100 people; 25 acres
grEpes. 30 choice fruit, 45 hay and 200 heavy
tin timber: boating, bathing and fishing;
easy terra*. WESTERN LAND COMPANY.
ICFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of her son-in-law,
Mr. A. F. Hlnz. 23S Bartlett street. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SAMPSON— In Oakland. May 3. 1900. Annie J.
Sampson, mother of Mrs. Mary J. Glvens, a
native of Missouri, aged 47 years and 2
months.
SCHULT— In this city. May 2. 1900. Nlchlos H.
Schult. a native of Ihlienworth, Hanover,
Germany, aged 33 years 1 month and 25 days.
{CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 31
Eddy street.
SWEENEY-In this city. May 3. 1900. Mrs. J.
Sweeney, a native of San Krancisco, aged 34
" years. •
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), on the arrival of the 2:30 o'clock
broadgauge boat from foot of Market street,
thence to I. O. O. F, Cemetery, where services
will be held.
PEUTZ— In thlB city. May 2, 1900. Anna Peutz.
beloved mother of Ludwlg. Henry and Wil-
liam Peutz and the late Mrs. A. F. Hlnz, a
native of Schleswig-Holsteln, Germany, aged
83 years and 8 months.
ET'The funeral wilt take place this day
(Friday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2940 Fillmore street, thence to St.
Brlgtd's Church for services, commencing at
9 o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
LICK— In this city. May 3. 1900, James W.
Lick, nephew of the late James Lick, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 71 years 7 months and 25
tlny.B.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
MAXWELI^-In this city. May 2. 1900, Patrick
Maxwell, husband of Mary E. Maxwell, a na-
tive of Ireland, ased 64 years.
ICTFuneral will take place from the resi-
dence of his family, 15 Baker street, on Fri-
day mornir.sr. Friends are invited to attend
a mass of requiem for the repose of his soul
at 9:30 o'clock, at St. Agnes Church. Inter-
ment private.
Ml —HOLLAND— In this city. May 3, 1900,
Rose dearly beloved wife of Edward Mul-
holland. a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
NEWMAN— In this city. May 3. 1900, George
Francis beloved son of David and Mollle
Newman, brother of David Newman, and
grandson of Mrs. Nora Amen, a. native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years 11 months and 3
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
ON LEM— In the City and County Hospital.
May 3, 1900, On Lem, a native of China, aged
42 years.
O'NEILL— In this city. May 1. 1900, Louisa
O'Neill, a native of Brooklyn, w. Y., aged 53
years S months and 20 days. (Boston and
New York papers please copy.)
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the -funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1533 Larkln street. Interment Cypress
Lawn .Cemetery. ,
OFFICERS and members of Harmony Chapter
No. 124, O. E. S.. also officers and members of
Crescent Court No. 3, Order of the Amaranth,
are invited to attend, „..%.- - — . .. - -
PETEIlSON— In Oakland, May 2, 1900, at her
residence, 1164 Center street, Barbara Peter-
son, beloved mother of Henry C, Edward P.,
Charles and Gertrude Peterson. Mra. Anna
Fry and Mrs. Barbara Denahey. a native of
Germany, aged 62 years and 16 days.
months. (New Bedford. Mass., paper*. please
[irFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Frirtav). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Hali-ted & Co., 846 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CAMPBELL-In Oakland, in the 50th year, of
his age. Augustus S. Campbell, a native or
New York Oity.
ETThe funeral will take place from his late
home the residence of his brother. Fred M.
Campbe.ll. 1262 Webster street, to-morrow
(Saturday), at 3:30 o'clock. . Interment private.
CASSER-In this city. May 2, 1900, Elizabeth
Casser. dearly beloved wife of the late Con-
stantine Casser. and beloved mother of Henry
and Constantlne Casser Jr. of Colorado
Springs a native of Baden, Germany, aged
71 years' (New York papers please copy.)
OTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
DALRIMPLE— In this city, May 3. 1900. Hud-
son, beloved husband of Mary Dalrimple, a
native of New York, aged 69 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1119!i Ellis street, between Gough and
Octavla.
FREUND-In this city, May 1, 1900, Philip, be-
loved husband of Rosa Freund. and brother
of Isaac Freund of California and Ludwlg
Freund of Germany, a native of Germany,
ased 66 years.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1417 Golden Gate avenue, under the
auspices of Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and A.
M. Interment private. Please omit flowers.
GARDELLA— In this city. May 3. 1900. Sera-
flna. Gardella. beloved wife of Francesco Gar-
della, a native of Italy, aged 25 years.
HAASE— In Stockton, Cal.. May 3. 1900. Rich-
ard Herman Haase. beloved brother of Fred-
erick and John Haase and of Mr. F. R.
Neville, a native of New York, aged 35 years
and 4 months. :^'_
rTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission
street, after 7 p. m. this day (Friday).
HARBERT— In this city. May 3. 1900. Helen
A. Ilarbert, a native of England, aged 91
years. '¦-¦".
HOYT— In this city. May 3, 1900. John P. Hoyt,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 09 years.
KKANE—In the City and County Hospital.
May 3 1900, William B. Keane. a native of
California, aged 33 years.
LANDERS— In this city. May 3. 1900. Wil-
liam J., dearly beloved son of Mary and the
late Maurice Landers, brother of John J.,
Mamie, Nellie and Henry Landers and Ru-
dolph Haas, and cousin of William Scanlon,
a native of Grass Valley. Cal»> aged 22 years
and 9 mc»ntns. (.Grass Valley papers please
copy.) *
t^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 129 Guerrero street, thence to Mission
Dolores Ch'urch. where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEFOR— In this city. May 2, 1900, Adolph, be-
loved husband of the late Anne Lefor. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 53 years.
REAL ESTATES — COUNTRY— Fur Sale
THE Esparto Colony farms in the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
Is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine plantinc; farms range In size from 10 to
40 acres and now sold to Induce Immediate
action at low jirlces and easy terms; home-
se^kers will never recret securing one of these
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est In market: frood society, eood schools (In-
cluding high echoo!); macadamized roads; J
railroad trains daily from San Francisco;
»_t«»r for Irrigation when desired; euperior to
Southern California for ralslnc all kinds of
citrus fr_!t. recently *o pronounced by lead-
Ing Southern California experts; these land*,
with the suoerior soils and all other advan-
tages named, will be Fold at prices far below
tho»« asked In localities hitherto considered
unapproachable In excellence; there Is no mere
Independent life than the small diversified
farmer's; the farms sold before the panic
liave become, developed and are paying- annu-
ally as much as $100 per acre; you can leave
San Francisco on 8 a. m. tratn. have I or 4
hours at Esparto, and back to San Francisco
early the same evening; you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes. Esparto, to show you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FIPKE. Woodland. Cal.
J27C0 — DESIRABLE country home; 20 ax?res
choicest fruit land; 1600 almond and E0 nelect
fruit trees 4 to 6 yeajs old: new hard-finished
residence, barn end other buildings; excellent
well o? water: new windmill: good school; de-
sirable neighborhood: by rail 1«4 hours from
Pan FVanclsco. Apply 32 San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
!000 ranches on my SALE AND EXCHANGE
list. X. D. SICKELS-the LAND AGENT-
10 Geary st.
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAT, 2421, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; rent J7.
EUDY. 604— Nice sunny cor. bay-window suite;
kitchen, gas range; complete for housekeeping.
EDDV. 917— Pleasant sunny connecting house-
keeping rms.; splendid location; private res.
EIGHTH, S4B. near Market— One or two eunny
front rooms and kitchen, furrjlshed for house-
keeping: bath; private family.
FIFTH. 34S-Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
GOLDEN GATE. 631— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished room*. $6 and Vi; no children.
I HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
j sunny hskpg. rooms; reasonable and desirable.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front parlor and kitchen,
$1S: also front basement- suite, $15; other
pulte $12.
KEARNY. 223. near Sutter— A front pulte, $12;
gas, janitor *»rvlce free. Apply 15 Grant ave.
LEWIS. IS. off TayK-ar. near Post— 3 unfurnished
j ninny front rooms; 110.
MARKET. 1538. near City Hall— 3 unfurnished
connecting sunny rooms; 1 front room; water,
sink, yard; rent $16. :
MINNA. 707. Eighth St.— Housekeeping rooms;
no objection to children; would rent unfur-
nished to good party.
MISSION. 1125'4— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, $2 per week.
OAK. 113—3 large sunny room?, furnished for
housekeeping, $14; 1 room, same, $6; first
floor.
rOLK. 1217. near Putter— Sunny housekeeping
mites, $10 up; single, $2 up.
SILVER, 165-2 cheap furnished housekeeping
room*.
EIXTH^ 420 — Nicely furnished bay-window
housekeeping suite?, running water, bath. $7
to $12 per mo. ; single rooms, $1 to $5 per mo.
2 OR 3 sunny connecting rooms, housekeeping
if desired. S2S3A Sixteenth ft.
TWO sunny front rooms, furnished complete for
hniiFeke?ping: rent $2 per week. Shoe store,
EM Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
CLASSIFIED advertisements And subscriptions
receive^ at Call branrh office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and EUbscrij/tions lias been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m;
A F.RANCU of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
j lencia et.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open ail night.
A^ <T T H E ELM ER HOUSE." S*4 Bush St.. ad-
jnining the Russ Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
AT £27 Howard — Changed hands: respectable;
newly renovated: single, double and house-
keeping roorr.g; $1 ud.
BOHEMIA. tZ» Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
corner sunny suites; finest in city; hot and
cold water; elevator; tourists accommodated. 1
BURNETT. 1426 Market St. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
niPlied rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 720— Furnished rooms to let, $5
up. In rerpectahle family.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. _ offices.
CLEMENTINA. 50— Nicely furnished rooms.
EDDY. 3, corner Market— $1 50 week up; sunny
j furnished rooms; Marketst. view.
i EDDY. 1C6— Sunny suite* ; also Gingle rooms;
newly renovated; new furniture; prices reas.
j EDDV. 21S— Rooms, day. week or month; best
for the money In the city.
FOLSOM. $34— In a private family; two sunny
| furnished room; cheap rent.
FOLSOM. S63, cor. 6th — (The Oliver)— Newly
furn. s-unny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
GEARY. 2S4— 2 furnlrhed rooms; one sunny-
front room: JO and $fi.
GEARY. 403 <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: suites or single: travelers accom'dated.
HARRISON, 7M4, nr. 4th— Finely furn. sunny
• run., bath; renovated; homelike; $1 wk. up.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. tII Mission st.— Select
family rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HOWARD, K9— Rooms from $1 waek up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 6S— Five clean rooms. |
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window rcom, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROsFdALEIIousp. 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Room!",
night, 25c to $1: week, $1.25 tj $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, ' 126 Ellis ! St.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to (1 60: week, $2
to $?: month. $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; single, suites;- trans'-
THE OAK6, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. j
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription" has been opened
at 1223 Polk tt.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencla st. -
ROOMS A.VD BOARD.
A— HOTEL La Normandle. 326 Eddy— Sunny
suites axid single rooms; everything new; ex-
cellent table and services: prices moderate.
NEW family hotel: first-class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special Inducements to
select people. £07 California Bt., occupying
corner opposite Grace. Church. J : ir.
SUNNY room, with board: gas; hot. cold water;
private family: no children: gent only; $20;
references. Box 188S. Call* office.
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board: $25 up.
HAIGHT, 232— Sunny rooms with board; termi
modern te.
HOTEL CLAIRMOXT, 615 Taylor— Renovated ;
suites and single rms.: tunny; excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy; changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS, 1*20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: prlx-ate; bath; sin. rms.; boaxi optional.
POWELL. R24-828 (The Hedges)— Large sunny
rooms; marine view; excellent board; reas'ble.
VAN NESS ave. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
, board: furnished and unfurnished; $20.
ROOMS WASTED,
WANTED— 3 unfurnished rooms centrally lo-
cated ; rent not over 112 or $15. Box 500, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 415 Montgomery 8t., rooms 9-10; tel. .5580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEAVIXC MACHIXES A.VD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine «up-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 8th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kjnds bought, oold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates, 205 Fourth st.
MotiTiiKit* racino conpiNT.
Ir-ClFic BTOira.)
Tratn* Imir iiimI nre «!u«> to nrrl** ml
(Main Line. Foot of Market SUeel)
uuni — Frou Mat 1. 1300. — -Briy.
•7:00a BenicU. Suisun, Elffllra, Yae_T_le.
Ramse7-_it SiMr-me-to •": iri-
*?:O*a Sfauta Ezpreai— DkTii. William* (for
Bartlett Bpriofa). Willows. Red
Bluff. Portland. *7:13r
•7:B»_ Martinez. Sau Kmu.on. Vallejo. N«p».
C»listfl|r-»nd3-nt_ Itau •B:1.1r
'8:30a Tbo OtptUikI Limited— Ofd«o. Den-
Ter. Omaha. Chic-c> •3iMp
•MiIUa S-ti Juio. I.iTcr-iur*. atoektnn,
lone. Sacramento. PUcrrftlle,
M»ry«Till>-. Chlco. lte<l Klnff MiISf
*Si«»a 'Milton. O-kdm!e. Cbioeio (for Yo-
lemite). bonorx Carters • 1 : 1 3 r
•0:00a Howards. Niles and War Stations. *l 1:13*
*0:OOa Davis. Woodland. Knights Lkodloe.
MarjtTUIe. <>it»»ill» «7M3p
•!»:OO» Atlantic ICi press— Ogden and Cut °V:43a
•»:«Ot Loa Angelea EUprcn — Martinez.
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton. Merced
and t'resuo *«:l.%p
• IO:«M»a Valkjn. Martinez ami Way .Stations *<:43p
•II:O«A Niles. Lirerniore. Stockton, ri-crv
mentu. Mendota. liaufurd. Via»lU.
PoitnTilla MilSp
•ia:M_ Howard*. Nileaaud Way .SUtiona. *-:4.1p
tl:«Or Sacramento Kiier Steamer* t»i»«f
*3:OOr tUjward*. XUes and Way .Stations. *3: llr
•liMOr Martinez. Situ ltamoii. Vallsjo,
N_i>a. C-U<tt«j<». Santa Kosa *Vi13a
•ItOUr lleuK-ia, VacaTille. Haeraineulo.
Woodland. Knl«!>U Lauding.
M-rjitUie. OroTillo *I*»:«-a
•liJWr Nile*. Man. ]i>se_ml Stockton *?il3r
•3:00rTbe Owl Limited— Trac-. Fresno.
B-krrsSeld. S&ugus for rfvit* Bar-
bar-. Los Angeles *§:43a
•3:*Op Fresno Passenger— Martinr*. Lath- •
rop. Mercfl. Cercnd— (R— Tin cmd
for Yo*emite>. frewio •ia:13i>
•I: 'lop New .Means Express— Bakersiieli!,
Hanta IS»rliara. Los Angrles. Dem-
In?. Cl Paso. New Orleans _ui
East ••««*
•SiSap S»nt» r« KonU— Atlaullo Eipress
for MoJHtB and r_»t ••i4.tp
•0:O(»r Hajwards. >iiles aud «*n Jsss *7t4a*
»lt::iU|- Vftllejo 'U:l.1r
•n:3OrOr!eutsl M-il-Ogden. Cbeyenn*.
Omaha. Chicago ...., *9:I.Vi
•<l:30p Oriental Mail-Ogdeo. Center.
Omaba. Chicago *4:13p
•T:«Or Tall-jo. l\,rt t.(Mta and Way 8ta-
tious !*:33r
•S:».1r Oregon and California Kx|>r«M.Mao-
riim-nk... Murjf*>ill«. I'eil'lirtg,
!»¦¦¦ U.h.I. I'ngrt Son.,.! _„.! Ka»t *»»!3t
COAST DIVISION (Narro.f f.4,i C e).
(Foot of MurUct Street.)
1?:13a Santa Cnu Excursion for Santa
(,'nu and Principal Waj Stations {9:Q3p
•»:I3a Ne-art,l>ntcr»lllf.San Jose. Pelton.
IiuuUierCirek.SaiiUCriizamlWay
HUtlons •«:*0P
t'J:l.1p Newark. Canterrille. Han .losn. New
Alraa<len. FVItou. ItouMer Creek.
Santa t.'rux and 1'riudpal Wtf
Stations t to :.¦»»*
•I:l3p Newark. Man Jose. Los G-tos •«:•"»•»
alilSpGlenTood. Felton. 8anU C'roi «»:3wa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rri-SIK MUC1SC0— FMt •' -irktt Slrcit (Sli* SI—
?7:10 9:00 11:00*.-. 11:03 *2:03 t3:03
M:C3 J5:C3 •6:S3r._.
rrtnOHUJI- fiat»fBr«id*ij.— *B:00 8:00 10.00 « n.
t!2:C3 *1:C3 t.:S3 *3:23 tlC3 't-.SZr.v.
COAST IMVIMON (ISroa.HUa-f).
(Thlr.1 :m<l Townsemi Sta.)
)«:•«» Ocean View. Month Mm Kranciaco.. t«i:;i« r
t7:O»» San .!..!>•• nml Way £tnlii-n« (New
Ali.nvle'i Werines-ajsonly) *t:30?
l?:30. Sunday Excursion fur San Jose.
Smu Cruz. Paeifle Grove and
Principal Way stations !*:33p
*t)>OOa Han .lone. Tie* rtiiaa. Hani* Cruz.
I'-uiiic UmSi r«i<> Unblcs. Ssui
I.nis Ohiaim, Surf. Lompoc a.id
Pruiciiml W»y Stations M:IOp
¦10:14m San Joso and Way stations **:_-1_
•II:-»A Hat!jn**,LosGatos*ridWayStarlona *3:30p
r-:!3r San Mif... Itedw'.od. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .loaa.
Tres Pinoa. Hanta Cnra. Salinas.
Monterey ami Pacific Grore flO:»n*.
f:i:norSan Jose and Way Stations •7:3»p
M:l»p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *.:I3«
t3:OOpSao Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t0:OA_
**;3Or Sau.Iosaand Principal WayStatious tH:^.1»
¦a : :t»r Sau Joaeaud Way Stations t*:«»«
Hl:«r San Joa» aii.l Way .Stationa ~7»a_-
A for Morning. P for A fternooo.
* Dally. . t .Sni-day eieepted. 1 Suuday only.
b Saturday only.
a Saturday aad Sunday, c Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commenclns April 2V13CO.
FKOil SAJV FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAM RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. •»:»>. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.:
12:45. 1:43, *:15. 4:15. •»:«, «:13, «:«0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and 3*a
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Eaturdajs
and Sundays, at $:C0 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDATS— 7:00. 'S:*). -):W. »10:0O. U:C0. 11:»
a. m.: 12:43. »l:30. 2:30. '3:45. 5:00. 8:00t 2:2»
p. fn
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (*) run to Saa Quentln.
FROM SAX RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS— 5:33. M^W. 7:50. 8:40, '10:1s a.
m.: 12:30. 1:13. 2:_5. *3:3O. 4:30. 5:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *6:45 and 10:20 p- m
SUNDAYS— «:15. *8:00. -a:50. •11:00a: ni.; •_•»»
m.; 1:00. 2:13. »3:3O, 4:30. •5:43. 8:43. 7:S0. v»:»
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAXCI3CO.
WEEK DATS— 5:53. «:45. 8:00. 8:55. 10:M a.
m.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 2:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 8:05. 10:03. 11:10 a. m.; I_;ti
l:tO 2:30. 3:43. 4:53. «:13. 7:03. 10:30 p. m.
! THROUGH TRAINS.
; 7:00 a. m. week days-Cazadero and way su-
i tlons.
iu 8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted>—
Point Reyes and way rtatlons.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero ana way st*«
tlons.
1_:43 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and w»y
stations.
S~%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/A**«Rk1_ fi2» K E4 P..V V ST. Kstabll^h-d
BpTsF^^m I" i 1 ** * 'or the treatment of Private
-B t K jWrt' nis-asps, Uwt 3tat;h<H«t Dehility or
sBS2_»_'t?3 ilUeas^^earinKoii bodyanrtmlndand
Diseases. Tnwdoccoreuresvrheti
others fall. Try him. Chars?** lovr
«'nrr« BOBrnnlrel. Callorwiit^
D\. J. *"• «---_<». Box ia57,Sao f:__c* xk
TO
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL-
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. ra.: 12:35.
8:30. 5:10, «:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at l:5i)
and 11:39 t>. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. ?:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:59.
6:00, 6:20 P. tn.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:f,0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and «:25 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. »:40,
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetien Par-
came schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 15. 1909. | San Francl3CO.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I day. | Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 »m Novato. 10:40 am! S:40'am
3:30 pm 9:20 am Petaluma. «:05 pmjl0:23 am
E:Upm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton. I
1:30 am ' Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburff.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm (:20 pm
7:39 ami I Hopland I (10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 amf and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:24 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm <:M P—
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 9:15 am S:40am
I and
5:10 pm 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:2> paa
7:30 am 8:00 am| 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyservlUe for Skagcs Sprlr.es : at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springe. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, H-llvUIe. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. WHHtS. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olson's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 650 Market et.. Chronic!* bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R_ X. RTAX.
. General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California [imited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
' This Is the quickest running; and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
.Saturday, arriving: In Ch!c_«;o at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with » U limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDF*;*; P- — • with Palace and Tourist
n* ii v «*» i0T K "«« City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East. . »
Local trains !>et-ree_. Stockton, VALLEY I
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare nnin :
and Baker-field. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
*f DISCO SOON Market Street, Phcne Main
TKIdlU 3UUM 1531; Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
' WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis
to -
New York and New England Points.
Finest tluou;h train service, with polite and
courteous employes, ."top-off allowed at the
Falls. RO-S C. CLINE, P. C. P. Agt..
Loa Angeles. Cat.
C. S. CRANE, G. P. A_t..
St. Louis, Mo.
MILL. .VALLEY" AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing, Sunday.
April 22. 1900, via Sausalito Fern'. Week
days— Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. m.. 1:13 p.
m. Sundays — Leave San Francisco. 8 a. m..
9 a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 1:20 p. m.. _:3O
1>. m^ Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
salito Ferry, north rnd of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market st.. San Francisco. Fare,
round trip from San Francisco. $1 •10. .
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.Closing out sale of flne shoes at the
Monarch Shore Store. 1384 Market st. •
Carriage Factory Burned.
Atwattcr & Brennan's carriage, factory
at Fifth and Bryant streets was gutted
by lire soon after midnight, the blaze
starting among the paints and oils in the
second story. A vacant cottage next
door, used as a storehouse, was also par
tially burned. The total loss will amount
to about $1500. ;.:,;
Malt-Nutrine
Is prepared at our brewery and is guaranteed
unequaled in quality, purity and medicinal vir
tue.
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS"N.
Sold by all druggists.
Charles J. von Arnold, or "Baron" Rob
ert Ludwlg von Turkheim, will be remem
bered by at least one San Franciscan. The
Baron on April 13. 1S97, while acting in the
capacity of a private detective went
through a marriage ceremony in Oakland
with Jeannie Shurtleff Young, who was
making life miserable for Attorney D. M.
Delmas. whom she claimed as the father
of her child. The pair went East Imme
diately.
Von Turkheim and his newly acquired
feminine incumbrance went to Montreal
and from there to London, where the wo
man was deserted by her lord. Von
Turkheim was subsequently arrested for
obtaining £146 from a . hair dresser by
fraudulently representing himself to be
the heir to a large estate in Germany. At
the Newington sessions of July 15 he was
sentenced to serve one ¦ year in prison.
The fact came out during his trial . that
four. women. claimed- him as husband.
The woman who was his true wife sued
Von Turkheim here in the meantime for
a divorce on the ground of desertion and
obtained it, together with_permlssion to
resume her maiden name, Emma Paul,
"Baron" von Arnold, alias Turkheim,
whose marriage to Jennie Young in Oak
land some time ago caused a sensation
in certain circles. Is under arrest in
Amsterdam. He was caught with a quan
tity of stolen goods in his possession and
as he was unable to account for them he
was held pending Investigation.
Yesterday Captain of Detectives Sey
mour received the following communica
tion from the Inspector of Police of
Amsterdam:
"We have arrested Charles von Arnold,
alias Baron von Turkheim, for grand
larceny. He had some stolen property In
his possession and we are holding him
pending an investigation. From state
ments made by him and if he can be be
lieved his parents were Charles and Eliza
Van Winkle. He claims he served In tho
Royal Saxon Sixth Infantry at Strasburg,
but I sincerely doubt It. From what in
formation we have he was employed as a
private detective In various parts of the
United States with little or no success. In
the latter part of 1899 Von Arnold, as he
was known, passed through Newcastle
Kngland, on the way to Paris. We had
information that he was bent on some
gigantic bunko scheme. His plans must
have failed, as he lost no time In getting
out of Paris and migrating to Amsterdam.
He represented himself as a Journalist
and claimed that he was the representa
tive of several Eastern periodicals.
"We learned by investigation that his
only claim to being a 'Journalist' was that
he was engaged in selling old newspapers
tnat had been sent from the' United
: States. Convinced that he was an lm
poster, we watched him. To our sur
prise be visited police headquarters and
claimed that he had been robbed of con
: siderable jewelry while in the hotel in
which he was stopping. We found out
the story was untrue and finally decided
to arrest him. In his room we found a
lot of stolen property.
"There were also documents showing
ho had sent a communication to the Consul
General of the. South' African republic In
Paris demanding money. "While there he
represented himself as a friend of the re
public and had been specially employed to
arrange a suitable exhibit. Von Arnold
Eassed as the confidential agent of Dr
«yds of South Africa. He claimed that
he was engaged by him to purchase pro
visions and munitions of war for the peo
ple of the Transvaal.
"From letters found on him we are sat
isfied that he intended to perpetrate a
; gigantic swindle on some people at Monte
Carlo. Among his victims was a man
i named Barnes. The latter was stopping
i.at Monte Carlo, and Von Arnold decided
to pluck him. He sent his intended victim
a telegram arranging for a meeting, and
he replied that he would see him at anv
time.
"The arrest of: the alleged Baron pre
vented him from carrying out his scheme."
In "concluding. the writer asked that the
police of this city send a complete record
of Von Arnold's career here.
Under the Name of Turkheim He
Married Jennie Young of This
City and Basely Deserted
Her in London.
The Bogus "Baron" Ar
rested by the Police of
Amsterdam.
VON ARNOLD HAD
STOLEN PROPERTY
IN HIS VALISE
Two Late Victims of Footpads and a Momentary Suspect.
s-ir-aHE footpad who shot down Fred
i Bortzmeyer shortly before 1 o'clock
il yesterday morning will not go to
Oakland, for over there the street
lamps shine when needed most. If he
•wishes to continue his operations with
Buccess and safety from apprehension by
the police, this city, with its streets en
veloped In Inky blackness. Is the place.
Running through the public of San
Francisco Is a strong feeling of re
sentment against the Mayor and the
Board of Supervisors for their econ
omy in regard to the lighting of the
city. It is at their door the crimes will
be laid, for the blackness of the night, un
relieved by proper municipal lighting, has
been a veritable invitation to the mid
night marauders and highwaymen, who
have been terrifying citizens.
Si. I>ou!s has tried the experiment of
unlighted streets, and this incentive to i
crime has already been found a bugbear j
in that city. Burglary and highway rob-
Lery increased tenfold under the change
from ilght to dark thoroughfares. Dili
gt-r.t as the police authorities were no sug
gested or attempted remedy for the evil
¦wrought any material good until the citi
zens rose up in their wrath and shouted
for the light of the street lamps.
Bortzmt-yer, the latest victim, bids fair
to recover. He was removed yesterday
morning from the Receiving Hospital to
the Waldeek Sanatorium and the bullet
¦was extracted. At a late hour last night
his condition was much improved, so
much s»o that the physicians attending
him have every hope for his ultimate re
covery.
The facts leading to the identification of
the highwayman are few and the police
are still floundering in a f=c.-a of uncer
tainty as far as any definite clew is con
cerned. Several people heard the shot
fired, but no one saw the footpad long
enough to givo a description nt him. Mr«.
Leigh H. Irvine, who r<5idef at S06 Ellis
street, directly in front of which the hold
up occurred, was reading in the front
room of the second story of the house
when the shot wa? fired. Previous to the
pistol report c he heard low talking. As
eoon as the shot was fired she rushed to
the window, opened It and stepped out on
the veranda Just In time to see Bortz
meyer fall face down upon the sidewalk.
She heard him groan and call five times:
"Help, I'm shot." Then a man crossed
the street, lit a match, and. after looking
at the victim's face, put a coat under his
head. He was soon joined by another
man, who began blowing a police whistle,
which brought a small crowd to the
scone.
The police thought for a time yesterday
afternoon that they were on the track of
something suspicious. J. Ginnlnl, who
lives in the basement of 806 Ellis street,
was the man upon whom the suspicion
fastened. Some one reported to the police
that the stories of Ginnini and his wife
differed and that there was probable cause
tc doubt the husband's account of the
shooting.. According to reports the wife
said her husband had left the house im
mediately prior to the shooting and re
turned directly after it, but this was sub
sequently denied.
Ginnini was put upon the grill by Cap
tain Seymour and Mrs. Ginnini was inter
rogated by Detectives Dillon and Mc-
Mahon. The wife's statement to the police
is as follows;:
"I was in bed last night some time after
12 o'clock, and my husuand came home
and went to bed, too. This was before
the shooting. We were in bed about half
an hour, when we heard the shooting.
Then I heard Mr. Bolger, the landlord, I
think it was. get up. I am not sure
whether It ¦was Mr. or Mrs. Bolger.
Neither I nor my husband got up. I
wanted to get up, but my husband would
not allow me, as I am subject to faint
in? spells. My husband came home after
12 o'clock, and I asked him to get me
something to eat. He looked out the
gate, but did not leave It and came back
and told me it was too dark; that all the
stores were closed, and he came back and
went to bed. About a quarter of an hour
after that the shooting occurred."
The husband's statement was: "I came
home about 12 o'clock from 209 Post street.
I was working there as waiter up to 12
o'clock. I came, home with Mr. Galvani,
tho music teacher. I left him at his resi
dence on Ellis street, between Hyde and
Larkin. Then I went to my house and
went to bed. My wife wanted me to get
her something to eat and I told her it
was too late. I did not go out of the
house at all. I did not even go to the
front door. If my wife says so, she is
mistaken. Between 20 and 30 minutes
after I got into bed I heard one shot and
then I heard a cry, I think from Mrs.
Irvine. Neither I nor my wife got up.
My wife wanted to, but 1 would not let
her. as I don't care about interesting my
self in anything that does not concern
me." .' . •
When Bortzmeyer had delivered up his
money to the highwayman the latter
reached for his watch. This Bortzmeyer
refused to surrender, as it was a gift
from his father, but the footpad was in
sistent. Whire drawing back he caught
hold of the chain and a slight scuffle en
eued. Then the footpad used his weapon.
Bortzmeyer thinks that the hjghwayman
was nervous and did not intend to shoot.
The detectives working on the case
found the watch yesterday morning in the
garden of 740 Ellis street, the block east
of the scene of the hold-up. It Is a large
silver timepiece and of no great intrinsic
value. Whether the highwayman rid him
self of this property tor fear of possible
identification if he -held It in his posses
sion or that Its discovered, value made It
not worthy of the keeping is a matter of
conjecture. Bortzmeyer's own story
makes the watch the vital cause of. the
shooting.
His father, who gave him the timepiece,
is now speeding across the country to' his
eon's bedside. As soon as he received a
telegram of his boy's misfortune he
started forthwith from Cleveland, Ohio.
Miss Grace Hale of San Diego, the sweet
heart of young . Bortzmeyer. Is also en
route to this city. She will arrive to-day,
and If the victim of the footpad's mur
derous ppirit is In condition to see her she
will be admitted to his bedside.
The police have in their possession a
black silk rag which may or may not have
been worn by the highwayman. It was
more likely torn from the dress of one of
the women who gathered around the vic
tim after the shooting. The 5ilk was
dampened by water and bore the appear
ance of a mop. On account of this it is
supposed that some of the women used It
to wipe the face of Bortzmeyer as he lay
in agony on the sidewalk.
SAME MAN, SAYS HEDBURG.
So Black Was the Night That He Did
Not Have a Chance.
Charles. Hedburg, who is the proprietor
of the oyster stall of t the Foxhall market,
on Fillmore street, near Clay, is a victim
who bears a grudge to the dark nights
without lamps. He said yesterday that
were it not for the utter darkness he
wcu!d have had a chance and his $20
would not have fled. ¦, ¦'¦, '.wv> .-.-:..,
"The man who held me up was of mid
dlr height and of stocky build," he said
yesterday. "I didn't have a chance. It
was no dark I didn't know what the game
was until the pistol was flashed In my
fac«». He wore a black mask as far 'down
as his mouth. His clothes were dark, and
that is all I can tell about him."
From the meager description given by
Bortzmeyer, Hedburg is of the opinion
that both hold-ups were the work of one
man.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Delia Hopkins against Peter Hopkins for
desertion. Frank Smythe against Mary
Smythe for desertion. Pauline Rowand
against Clarence F. Rowand for cruelty
and Julia A. Palmer aeainst Frank Pal
mer for failure to provide.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Amts Still on the Stand.
Handwriting Expert Ames occupied th»
witness stand all day -yesterday In the
Craven-Fair case. Ames continued in his
efforts to convirce the court that all of
the documents iatroduced as genuine by
Mrs. Craven were forgeries, fiis opinion
as regards these documents was based
however, not on generalities but on al
leged technicalities which he pointed out
to the court. The case goes on again to
day.
FREDERICK W. ZEILE, Park Com
missioner and capitalist, is thank
ful that he has cleared himself of
• the suspicion of being a midnight
prowler of the Vetsera type. Friends of
that genial gentleman will be surprised
tc learn that for a short period last. Tues
day night he was In danger of arrest and
other dire calamities because of the foot
pad scare which has "struck "the scintil
lating members of the Police Department
and the citizens of this city.
Mr. Zeile visited friends on Van Ness
avenue on that fateful evening and dur
ing a game; of whist the subject of hold
ups was discussed. As Mr. Zeile had some
distance to travel to reach his home, the
conversation did not comfort him or pre
pare him for the events that followed.
When he. departed for home the avenue
was dark' and desolate. Mayor Phelan'a
Board of Supervisors had doused the glim
and although Mr. Zeile was reappointed
to his position by his Honor, that fact
did not deter him from-uttering- Impre
cations on the members of the board and
the Mayor for their parsimony.
Believing himself a "fit subjeeffor the
festive highwayman, the Park. Commls-
policeman a footpad. Apologies were In
order. The Park Commissioner identified
himself and the officer squared himself by
escorting the well-known citizen home In
the future Mr. Zeile win not stay out la'e
of nights, nor will he walk in the mldd'.a
of the street.
sioner, like a wise man, sought the mid
dle of the road. He had traveled a short
diaUmce when he brought up against an
oostruction of barrels guarding the part
ly constructed conduits of the Independent
Light and Power Company. While try
ing to find his way around theobstacle he
faintly discerned the figure of a man
crouched behind a barrel. Visions of
Vetsera and other disciples of Claude Du
val and Jack Shepard rose before him.
and with a determination in his heart not
to surrender his jewels and lucre with
out a struggle, he seized a heavy piece of
wood and boldly faced his supposed foot
pad. To his surprise the crouching fig
ure' avoided the meeting by sidling
round the obstruction. Mr. Z*ile follow
ed and for a short space of time he and
the unknown were playing "tag." At
last the exertions told on the Commis
sioner and he was "It." He was gently
"tagged" on the lapel and was startled to
hear the word "halt." He turned to give
battle, but was confronted -with a star,
which gleamed in the darkness like the
stripes on a policeman's trousers on a
Mayday parade.
Explanations followed quickly. A wise
minion of the law thought Mr. Zeile was
a bold bad robber; Zeille believed the
Policeman and Capitalist Stalking Each Other Among the Boulevard Kopjes.
Park Commissioner and a Minion of the Law Enact a Comedy
of- Errors in the Gloomy, Darksome Wilds
of Van Ness Avenue.
ZEILE AND A "COP" MISTAKE
EACH OTHER FOR FOOTPADS
MYSTERIOUS DEATH.
Coroner's Investigations Tend to Es
tablish the Fact That Field Was
Murdered.
The death of Frank Field, the linotyper,
is Bhrouded In mystery, although the po
lice appear to be satisfied that it ¦was a
case of suicide. Acting upon this theory
they released from custody yesterday Mrs.
M. A. Norton, the woman who had been
living with Field at 209 Kearny street.
Before being released she made a state
ment to Detective Ross Whittaker In
which she said she had been associated
with Field for the past eight months and
had lived with him at 200 Kearny street
for three months. The money he had In
herited had been spent at the races and
for drink, which made him despondent.
He was very jealoua of her and had
threatened to kill her and then himselr.
Last Sunday he went to a saloon on Ma
son street searching for her with the in
tention of murdering her. She was warned
by friends and kept out of his way.
Wednesday he was very despondent and
acted as if he were crazy. He had sent
her trunk to her home at G2 Rausch street.
She was afraid of him, as he kept telling
her that he was tired of life. He had re
tired Wednesday night and she entered
the room and sat down on the bedside.
Suddenly he took his revolver and aiming
it at her fired a shot. She ran out of the
room, screaming, and could not tell if any
more shots were tired, as she was too ex
cited. She called : the landlady, and she
went back to tho room with her and found
Field had shot himself.
Autopsy Surgeon Leland found that
Field's skull had been fractured with some
blunt instrument just above the right ear.
The bullet •wound was high up on the fore
head and the course of the bullet was
downward and to the right. A significant
fact in connection with the fractured skull
is that the tips of the fingers of the right
hand are powder burned, thus indicating
that he threw up his hands to ward oft
the shot that killed him. He could not
have fired the pistol unless he had used
his. thumb to pull the trigger, and it is
not likely that he would have done that.
Dr. Leland la of the opinion that the man
¦was murdered by being struck on tho
head and afterward shot.
• Another significant fact that points to
the murder theory is the repose in which
the body rested on the bed. The head
was propped up on a pillow at the foot of
the bed, a book lay to one side and the
feet were crossed in an easy position. It
is hard to • explain how the man could
have lain so peacefully if he had made
an attempt to kill the woman and then
shot himself. It would be easy, however,
for a person to step up to the foot of
the bed, place a revolver near his head
and fire.
The revolver shows that but one shot
had been fired. This disputes the wo
man's • statement that a shot was first
fired at her. ;
Suspicious Characters Arrested.
Two young men giving their names as
George Dorman and Ovid Long were
taken into custody by Officer Robl early
this morning at Geary and Lark In streets.
A small "Jimmy" about six inches long
was taken from them. They told con
flicting stories and will be held at tho
Central police station as suspicious char
acters.
Nothing that would tend to dispel the
cloud of mystery overshadowing the
tragic death of Sergeant Robert Wilson,
who was shot on Lake street Tuesday
night, has yet been brought to light by the
police. Ida de Ferreri continues to make
contradictory statements.
The police are inclined to think that the
soldier took his own life, and they seem
disposed to rest on this theory. Still noth
ing has yet been established that will bear
out their views, while the peculiar char
acter of the wound, the absence of powder
marks, the distance the revolver was
found from the body, and, above all, the
sole witness" contradictory statements,
are all against them. ,
That Ml.«s fie Ferreri i3 withholding the
truth about what she knows and saw on
that fateful night is apparent even to the
police. Yesterday she made additional
statements, whicii were calculated to ex
plain the discrepancies in her previous
versions. They only dragged her deeper
Into the meshes of "doubt.
The woman now makes the statement
that she saw Wilson with the pistolin his
hand when he rushed from her house. She
says she followed him to the scene of the
shooting and was four feet to the rear
when the soldier fell. Until this time the
woman had said nothing of seeing a pis
tol and' gave the impression that she was
walking along leisurelv with her compan
ion at the moment of the tragedy.
That this statement is untrue Is proven
by many witnesses. Mrs. Casassa says
it was nfteen minutes after the time her
sister left the house before the shot was
fired. Miller, in front of whose house the
affair occurred, says that Wilson and his
companion walked down the road quarrel
ing and continued the row at the corner
ot his fence. They went on down the
road, but returned in about five minutes.
Then came the shots.
The only evidence that would bear out
a theory of suicide is the statement of
the woman that Wilson, on several occa
sions, had threatened to take his life on
account of love for ner. The only quarrel
on that day seems not to have been be
cause the woman did not reciprocate his
affections, but ratt.er because he did not
keep an appointment with her at 1 o'clock.
That Wilson had slight reason to be
jealous is clear. Miss de Ferreri was not
married to Soldier uermer, as she claim
ed, and her love for Wilson was manifest.
The revolver which young Kessack took
from the residence of Mrs. Casassa wa3
found yesterday on Lake street, near
Fourteenth avenue, by James Keating of
227 Twentieth avenue. The finding of the
weapon Is not significant, as It was un
loaded and cut no figure In the tragedy,
except to prove that young Kessack must
have gone to the Erasma house after tho
shot was fired, as Cuneo eays he did, and
that the woman's story that he was the
first on the scene was false.
Miss De Ferreri Was Jealous Bather
Than the Man When They
Went Together Into the
Night.
WOMAN'S VARIED VERSIONS
Police Clinging to Suicide
Theory, While Evidence
Indicates Crime.
NO SOLUTION
OF SOLDIERS'S
TRAGIC FATE
THE SAN FEANCISCO GALL, FEEDAY, MAY. 4, 1900.
Bortzmeyer May Recover From the Wound Inflicted by the
Unknown fciighwayman, Who Is Still at Large — The
Public Fs Terror-Stricken,
FOOTPADS THRIVE IN A CITY
WITH STREETS DARK AS PITCH
12
LESLIE C. HURST
Will find Itjrreatly to his interent to
write to E. W. MORANCV. admln-
Iftrator of F. IC HL'ItST. deceased.
Versailles. Kentucky, or to ANDREW
THORNK. MILLS BUILDING. San
Fr&ndsco. Cal.
Any one lcnowinjr him to be alive «lnc«
IS88, or knowing him to bo dead, kindly
notify the above.
If you wish to marry an
Indian heiress— the Chicka-
saw girls are eligible, but the
marriage license will cost you
one thousand' dollars. The
• fair Indian ¦ maids object, for
the men of their choice do not
I happen to have the ~ashl' Head
all about it in next Sunday's
Call. ,
Hotels
Grand
and
The covered passage-
way connecting these
two immense struc-
tures places under
one management 1400
rooms. SM> of which
have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-
ers from every Bection
of the world recognize
and appreciate the
comforts and conveni-
ences offered by these
hotels.
American plan. Eu-
ropean plan.
Palace
t
, Are Always Good Dressers!
> — li^V ill " i Bswf 1 oQ09eeoo9«o«*o«««««««o
THE FRISCO BOYS,
BUILDERS OF H1GH=CLASS APPAREL,
Corner Kearny Street and Union Square Avenue.
I Ready for Summer. I
IS Linen Crash Underskirts, in 81
n natural and paste! shades, with 13
j\ 12-in. accordion pleated ruffle M
k« and 5-i n - hand embroidereel «]
to, crash, a fine value at $2.00. ra
H This week, while they last. ra
|LMAGN-IN&CoJ
J 840 Market St., Opp. 4ih|§