The Sunday Call
Magazine
SectionCOWS OR STEAM ENGINES?
Ernest Seton-Thompson, author of
"Wild Animals ] Have Kn,own." "The
Biography of a Grizzly," etc.. In writing
In the .March Century of "The National
Zoo at "Washington." raises an Interesting
question as to the relative value of domes
tic anlmala and human Invention*.
At the b'-pinr.ing of this century the
continent ot North America was one vast
and teeming same range. Not only were
the bnflalo in millions across the Missis
sippi but other large game was fully as
ebundant, though less conr.piouous. Herds
of rlk, numb* ring ten or fifteen thousand,
were commonly seen along the Dpper Mlk
pvuri. The antelope ranged the higher
Ti'.ainH in herds of thousands; whitetail
ilver. though less gregarious, were B^en In
hands of hundreds, while bighorn cheep,
though still less disposed to gather In
large flocks, were rarely out of sight In
the lower parts of the Eastern Rockies,
and It was quite usual to see several hun
dred blacktail In the course of a single
day's travel.
Hut a change set in when the pioneer
Americans, with their horse*, their deadly
rifies. their energy and their taste for
murder, began to Invade the newly found
West. The settlers increased In numbers
and the rifle* became more deadly each
year: but the animals did not improve In
speed, cunning or fecundity in an equal
ratio, and yo'were defeated* In the struggle
for life and started on the down grade to
ward extinction. Aside from sentimental
or esthetic reasons, which I shall not here
discuss, the extinction of a large or highly
organized animal In a serious matter.
1. It is always dangerous to disturb the
balance of nature by removing a poise.
Some of the worst plagues have arisen in
this way.
2. Wo do not know without much and
careful experiment how vast a service
that animal might have done to mankind
us a domestic species. ,
The fore* of this will be more apparent
if we recollect how much the few well
known domestic species have done for the
advancement of our race. Who can de
cide which has done more for mankind,
the cow or the uteam engine,, the horse or
electricity, the sheep or the printing uresa,
the dog or the rifle, the ass or the loom?
No one Indeed can pronounce on these,
yet all on reflection feel that there is rea
son in the comparisons. Take away these
inventions and we are put back a century
or perhaps two; but further, take away
the domestic animals and we are reduced
to absolute savagery, for It was they who
first made it possible for our aboriginal
forefathers to nettie in one place and learn
the rudiments of civilization.
of th<« world. There nev»=r before was an
instance exactly parallel— where one na
tion Invaded a foreign country to drive off
Its rulers and liberate Its people without
expectation of reward or purpose to even
up old scores. Ar.d there certainly was
never ancther instance where a nation,
having done this, was most royally con
l'*mnt-d by the people solely benefited. Yet
that is the situation lierr. The Cubans
vhj have the public ei.r. who assume to
epeek lor their people, have undisguised
hatred and ' contempt for Americans.
Owing to this feeling there are fewer
Arneri;?.ns «ngagine in business ar.d in
vejrtlnß money than any other nationality.
English capital l:as come :i. and corraled
valuable franchises, such as electric
present them, bin could no more than
formally do so owing to a conference that
wan impending with the Secretary and
customs officials. Accompanying the lat
ter was a etaff of clerks and assistants,
armed with rolls and documents. There
v.ere evidently weighty things to be con
sidered, for the erectjon of buildings ap
peared to be a part of the matters In
hand. General Wood has a'warm side for
San Franciscan*, and devotes to them all
the time he poasibly can. lie is very well
liked here by all classes. Ills strong per
sonality I« felt in every branch of the ser
vice. 1 have asked hundreds of people of
all occupations and shades of opinion
how Wood is regarded, and the invariable
answer is that he is just the man for the
ter generally prefer to suffer Indignity and*
loss rather than go to law. Englishmen
and Germans fare much better. Indeed,
the Englishman uas quite a satisfactory
status. Many Instances are related by
Americans here bearing out the above as
pertions. If in the cities he finds the con
ditions onerous. In the country he finds
such open hostility to his innovations as
to sometimes prompt the burning of .hi*
'house, the destruction of his crops and
the poisoning of his cattle.
The Cuban has much of the same racial
status in his island that the. Filipino has
In his. He has Spanish blood in his veins,
in some cases pure, perhaps; but he has
largely an admixture of races, the negro
being the chief taint. The negro of Cuba
has altogether a different status from the
There are three United States rcen-of
war in the harbor. It Is understood per
fectly tv ell that they are here to accentu
ate the authority of that country through
the election period. Although the full con
ditions of the election that Is to create a
body to draft a national constitution have
not yet been made public, it is freely pre
dicted that there will be trouble. It la
asserted that whatever the conditions of
franchise are. turbulence and riots aro
sure to characterize the first exercise oZ
it. It is the ingrained nature of the na
tive to raise a row. and thia nature has
been vastly accentuated by the frequent
revolutions and the Incessant propaganda
of the revolutionist when actual tishtins
was not In progress.
T. G. DAXIELLS.
TnterestTFig Pacts
C©ncerr|Tns the
Condition of
on the island-.
THF3 American? !:i Ti;l'*, both thos»
:n GOvfTnunrnt t^ervi. c :jnd those
enp<-r r ''j In* tiu'*'no>s. nr« very im
patient O» lh< situation. They have
warmM jtr»-j.»!y to tho Spaniard
ei:ioe the war urni say that h« Is the ro-
Eponiubit e!<»n!e:H of the population, and
they <Jo not Attempt to coricst! their con
tempt for the jßfitatiiiß. turbulent political
Cuban. The first question th'-y fi.sk iht
viFitur fr-'m the States i* •'What I* 1 the
OorwDtaent coins to Jo with us?" They
fully recognize the national policy as ta
Cuba outlined by Congress and the ad
ministration at the *.utf-tt of the trouble,
c.nd they realize that In ¦accordance with
Tlmt policy sonse Knowing must be made
toward the establishment of self-govern
tnrat; but there i» hardly <me of th^m
but be!iev*6 that eventually Ct:t>a will
come under American sv.uy. even as Porto
Rico has. and liuv.jii. Th» y declare that
self-government is out of the question
v.-lth the present composition of society,
end that It would le no time at all till
chao* v<u:!<i reipn at:« a strong hand have
to be Iriiu upon t!je alf.iirs of the country.
The Cuban Is a torn politician an<l agi
tator. The activity < f the American ward
workir to G<.-t a J°b or proft-t out of politics
Is not ofjiial to !iis. He goes out and fights
In the revolution, and after that is over
comes i:: and tights over the BpoUa if not
in a? bloody a way. at least with the same
spirit. The Americans of prominence and
in buFlr.< f=s recognize aii these facts as
common knowledge, and are, therefore,
impatient of many things which the
American Government is doing. They see
unworthy characters soin« times advanced
to responsible position. Julio SanguiHy. for
Instance, one of the most fiery Cubans,
addressed a meeting of Cubans and in-
SnlSed in fierce talk. It was not lung till
he had a job with nominal duties, hut a
very substantial salary. Maximo Gomez
received a sift of 5M.000 for just being
friendly. <Jomez. however, occupies a
position rather different from any oth*>r
of those who were prominent in the revo
lution. He is respected as a man who
foufrht and atdtuted for freedom with no
inspiration other than patriotism. u c was
at it for twenty-five ye;ir.s and lost his
fortune and sunde:ed all social connec
tions. He is aged and broken now, b^lng
upward of M years old. but he is a popu
lar idol, and his Influence, waning as it is
on account of his fireat age. is on the side
Df order and propriety.
The occupation of Cuba by Americans
is anomalous not only in the experience
¦jt the American j.rople but in the history
:iKht«. q:is. streetcars, ore. . The rather
i:nusua! phenomenon of Canadian capital
coming In t»; '.lie e\(>ia «>f many millions
to engage In :>:siikin;r attracts attention,
it i.- ; i.oiuv.il liiat thi* cajiital Is largely
At&ericunl iiut is Invested, under Canadian
auspices to troupe the prejudice and dan
ger that Arretlcan enterprise generally
encounters, «<!id to command the protec
tion of the British ¦ (*<> v« rnmcnl should a
not JmpofislhJ*' situation come about.
The pifjudiit— t-j designate it by no
harsher term— againtit Americana has no
rSearly detlned enure. It is probably due
to American lack of experience In such
iarpe contact with a foreign people— to
th«ir lack of tact in favorably Impressing
them in small thitißP— and to not having a
clean-cut policy from the very outset. The
matter lias been permitted to drag along,
all tlie time there being a most annoying
friction between the two peoples. Tho
Spaniard and Cuban is detirential and
politic in hi-* personal relations. The
American is rather, brusque and self-opin
ionated and ii. different to the small amen
ities. The contempt which the American
soUJicr fevl.s for the Cuban soldier and his
military efforts is i*o entirely frank as to
be almost enough In Itself to create en
mity between the two races.
And *>> it (omfs about that American
enterprise and American capital are hold
ing aloof from Cuba. They do not feel
that the future Is assured. The English
Capitalist feels justified In taking greater
Chances than the American, strange as it
may seem. The American feels that in
the event of new complications he would
be under the ban, while the Englishman
feels that his country would protect him
Jn any emergency.
Governor General Wood is probably the
most unkingly man as to court etiquette
ond formality who ever occupied a palace.
His athletic frame encased In a suit of
«lu<k. he moves about in the discharge
of his duties with that springiness and
celerity that those who knew him in San
Francisco will readily understand. His
football form has not been lost by any
means. The demand upon his time and
attention ly something enormous. He has
to act very largely without precedent— to
create the part., as it were. Affairs art*
not exactly chaotic, but they are vastly
involved. During Secretary Root's visit n
great many matters were gone over which
rather strengthen the belief that absolute
American withdrawal from the island is
but remotely counted upon. Having let
ters to him from mutual San Francisco
friends, we wein on the 13tn of March tn
• The Grenadiers, the senior of British
regiments which compose the brigade "of
guards, got its name from the fact that
toward the end of the last century th»
men were armed with hand grenades tr>
throw among the enemy. They had to bo
In the front of the fighting line, hence
they sained a reputation for bravery and
the name of the "Grenadiers." Tht»
badge of the regiment is still a hand
grenade spoutinK flame, though that
deadly engine of war tuts Lotxd since been
superseded.
Place. Havana Is to-day a cleaner city
than Ban. Francisco, and Just as orderly, ,
thanks to a vigorous governmental pol
icy. Being a physician the sanitation
,comes directly in the lino of his duties,
as does the policing in line 'with -his ¦mili
tary experience, and bent:
Governor Roosevelt had planned to visit
Havana at this time, but for some reason
changed his plans. Mrs. Roosevelt, how
ever, came down on the steamer Olivette,
with which our California party took pas
sage, and is now a truest at the Palace. I
The Roosevelt and Wood • families are
very intimate.' and a family event not long,
to be deferred Is understood to be the
reason of the presence of the first lady of
New York.
; - • ¦ • . • •
Thl« is to be a prosperous year for Cuba;
Stimulated by the high prices of the past
year tobacco raisers planted an enormous
crop. It is estimated that 490,000 bales,*
or 40,000,000 - pounds.* will be gathered,
which will be twice the crop of last year.
Another reason- for the largo acreage is
the . Impoverishment of so many sugar
planters through' revolution, their, cane
fields being devastated by the Cuban and
Spanish forces alike, and their plants be
ing in many . cases destroyed. They are '
recuperating through tobacco, which la
a quick crop, while It takes three or four
years to get cane into profitable bearing.
Then it docs not require an expensive
plant , to ; handle tobacco, while the mills
nee.essa.Vy for sugar require enormous
capital. Tobacco merchants say that this
year's crop will, be of fine quality, though
some express fears that owing" to its vol
ume the facilities for handling It may not
be adequate and it will not be cured in
ns perfect a condition n.s is possible.
Prices will not rule as high as last year,
but they may be cut down a big per cent
and still leave a handsome profit to the
grower. There is always an eager market
for Cuban tobacco. The manager of the
Carolina factory snowed us. through the
vast establishment that manufactures the
Carolina and Africano brands of cigars.
He paid j San j Francisco the compliment
of being one of the. four. best markets in
the world for high grade cigars. The
others arc ' New York, London ' and St.
QUAINT REMEDIES AND IDEAS.
At the laet meeting of the New Tork
Historical Society Dr. Sydney H. Carney
Jr. read a paper on "The New York Med
ical Profession In 1S0O." The better to put
his hearers into the proper mental at
titude for what he had to say to them
Dr. Carney reminded them that at tho
timo of which he was speaking peach,
plum and pear trees flourished in Madison
Square, and Babylonian maples and syca
more trees waved their branches as they
had done for generations Jn City HaJl
Park.
There has been some speculation among
the curious as to the prevalence of gripes
at bedtime among New Yorkers of a hun
dred years ago. The remedy for this com
plaint prescribed by the physicians wa3
nutmeg apd brandy and the yolk of an
egg to be taken before going to bed. For
apoplexy, salt and cold water were to be
used, whereupon the patient was "Im
mediately to come to himself." A tooth
ache remedy efllcacious always with one
exception in the practice of one physician
was to crush a ladybug between tha
thumb and forefinger and then to rub the
finger on the gum and tooth. Freshly
crushed bugs were recommended. - For
the bite of a mad dog the prescription
Was an ounce of the Jawbone of the dog,
some coifs tongue and a scruple of verdi
gris. that taken from the copiers of
eorgo I and George II being preferred.
of which compound a teaspoonful a dajr
was to be taken. If that failed to cure
ISO grains of verdigris and half an ounco
of calomel were to be Riven In one dosa
by^ a physician in person. If this still
failed four grains of pure opium wera
given to the patient. This last was a
secret remedy so successful that early In
the century the State Legislature bought
the secret for $1000.
For a visit the fee charged was |1, for a
visit and a dose Jl 23. Pills were 12 centa.
Doctors got $1 a mile for going out of
town. It cost J:j to get one to Brooklyn,
and $10 to have one visit Staten Islar.d.
I" or bleeding a charge of from Jl to iZ
was made.
Tadpoles figured In the regimen of tha*
day to such an extent. that it ia said the
people of Vermont, in a season of scar
city, almoj-t fattened on them. And one
of New York's famous physicians spent
a part of his time In the study of the ali
mentary riualities of these tid-blts
WHAT GOVERNOR GENERAL WOOD ACCOMPLISHED IN CUBA
An 'Authentic Account
Jt£C£ntTV In f4aVan a -
**X 7 \ bw I \ *
Petersburg. The manager of the Henry
Clay." factory told us the Fame thing.
Another crop that has been very largely
planted Is the pineapple. A plantation In
the immediate vicinity of Havana is one
of the sights which tourists visit. The
soil Is of brick red and the plants, with
fruit two- thirds grown, fairly cover the
3urface. Yet the soil is of such prodigious
richness that a crop of bananas Is raised
between the pineapple rows. Adjacent and
all along the road are small fields of
tobacco, which are now being cut, though
the curing process will take some three
months yet. The new crop will not come
In till July and August. A Havana paper
estimates the pineapple yield at SOO.fiOO
barrels, each barrel containing seven
3ozen. There is likewise twice the crop of
last year.
negro of the United States. He is not
recognized by the Spaniard on any terrr*
otlier than as an inferior, but he is a.
Cuban amons Cubans, and since Cuba
threw off the Spanish ynk* holds up nla
head, joins in mass-meetings and demands
suffrage. He Is likely to get It. The nesro
•li.l mn.n of the nghtinff In the war. Thi3
fact rrakes him an "element that the lead
ers, who mostly tIH not tight, have now
to take into account.
The wealth and property are held and tho
business of Havana larpely done by Span
lards. By Spaniards is always meant tha
first generation from Spain. It seems to
have been the policy of Spain to keep up
emigration to Cuba, and so it now Is found
that the solid part of the population 13
of that class. They are not In the ma
inrltk- hnwpvfr. and are not strenuous In
The fertility of the soil is almost past
belief. Much of the acreage now under
cultivation has been farmed for two or
three hundred years. For the most part it
is rudely cultivated and does not appear
to be ever enriched by artificial fertilizers,
yet it produces enormously and shows no
sign of Impoverishment. But a small
fraction of the cultivable land is im
proved. The crudest implements are used.
We saw plow teams of oxen at work, the
plow, being but a shade better than the
forked stick of medieval times. It does
not turn a furrow— simply disturbs the
soil, loosening it sio that the seed may be
planted. Anything put in the ground
grows luxuriously at any time. Fruits
such as oranges, lemons. Ilme3 and guavas
grow wild. The oranges are small and
lull of seeds, but are very sweet, vying
with those of California in flavor.
With American enterprise, machinery
and capital Cuba would soon be made the
richest division of land in the world.
But these hold aloof. If the Government
of the island has in the past barred for
eigners from Introducing modern meth
ods, that 1 , of the present Is so uncertain
as to still keep them out. The antipathy
of the Cubans and rurales to the Ameri
cans is fo sharply defined that few of the
many who come here to engage in busi
ness or make investments remain. In the
cities they encounter all sorts of obstacles
in the way of getting licenses and conces
sions, and whenever )hey flr.d themselves
in the courts get the worst of it. The
magistrates are all Cubans, and their de
cisions are «o* flagrantly against Ameri
cans, whatever th«»lr merits, that the lat-
their political prerfiiections. t;uc in« »r«-
ond p«:neratlon and succeedlns ones maka
up for the conservatism of their ancestors.
They are mostly sent away to school and
travel through the United States and
France, where they Imbibe republican
ideas that never get much more than
half digested. Consequently they coma
home for the most part agitators and
their fiery representations to their hum
bler compatriots are responsible for tha
many revolutions. This i 3 of the past.
Their bent will now be to agitate against
one another— to form parties and faction*
for control of government and the enjoy
ment of power.
The- Cuban Is not Industrious nor honest.
As a class he has no sense of honor nor
gratitude and in tho ordinary affairs oC
business is not to be trusted.
Tho Spaniard is found by Americana to
be much more commendable a character.
In business he Is honorable. He la hard-
Working and thrifty. He in turn warms
to the American. The Spaniard la cau
tious and not given to expressing hia po
litical opinions, but he is pronouncedly
In favor of stable government. I have
talked with at least a hundred Americans
and all say the Spaniards would welcome
Amwican control. It is not improbable
that if the Cubans are given full sway a
large part of the Spanish population will
go back to .Spain. There would undoubt
edly be so many reprisals and so much,
oppression of those who were known to
be against the Cubans during the revolu
tion.-* that UM opportunity to even up oUI
scores would surely bo tuken a.Jv«un
aso of.
THE', SUNDAY. UAIjI;.
2was perfectly capable of a flozen more
courses. Turning to his host he remarked
confidentially:
"Gee! But this is a surprise fur me
stummick!"
Pants preferred duck, but wh?n It was
placed before him delicately done, he
glanced at it dubiously and -I heard him
say sotto voce to McGinty:
"I don' mm' eatin" de frogs, but I don'
want no raw bird. Dese French geezers js
pretty good on some tings. but Regan's
can beat 'em cookin' de quacks."
"Go on; make believe you're eatin' it.
anyway, or dey'll t'ir.k you don' know
House ana installed in a box. where tre
became a rival faction with the stage In
the attention of the house. "Aladdin Jr."
held the boards. With a single upward
glance to the gallery, to note the effect of
his entrance upon the "gods." "Pants'
turned his eyes toward the stage, and sat
speechless throughout the entire perform
ance.
"MeGinty's" shrewd, restless eyes were
also riveted upon the dazzling display of
maids and magic, but he was evidently
disillusioned by this nearness to stage
beauties: the enchanting distance of the
gallery had given him impressions that
brown paper, to one "Mitts." but It had
been declined because that youth took of
fense at the quality of the paper.
"Til send me regrets; y'u can tell the
loidy that." said "Mitts," and so "Pants "
was substituted.
The substitute had apparently enjoyed
his dinner and the first two acts of the
opera, but he had indulged somewhat
freely In wine at the table, and he sat
through the last art with heavy eyes.
His friend was completely overcome, and
when the curtain rose on the la?t ace
"McGinty" was discovered to he sour.fi
asleep, with his head on his chest and
THE theatrical scrapbook is out of
dat". Heretofore it has been enough
that a company should carry for
passport a book full of clippings
from the MatiMaville Streamer or the
Ararr.ar.iha City Hustler, or the Susan
town Scorcher. These clippings have at
times hcr-n expurgated to Salt the n*ed.
but the papers in Matildaville and Ara
rr.ant.Ma City and Susaniown are for the
most ran amiable.
James Nci'il. however, has a method all
bis own. No underpaid dramatic criti
cisms for him. What do critics know
about Jt. anyway? Give him the judg
ment of the President of the United States
every lime-. It's a pity if an official worth
SZA/riO a year ought not to 1 c nearer the
real thins than a poor newspaper pen
pusher, who has to trim his cuffs. So
Mr. Nell discards The humble commenda
ticr.s which scribblers have h- stowed upon
him and his company, and he sends in ad
var.c of himself k "To whom it may con
cern."' fipned by William McKinley, Prts
iccct cf the Ur.ited Stales.
Mr. McKinioy proceeds to state some
thing to the effect that he has tried Mr.
Neill's gootis and finds them excellent in
c-very respect. ;rnd that he takes pleasure
in recommending them to all in need of
Fuch articles. The articles which Mr.
N'elll deals in range all the way from the
most lugubrious legitimate down to mod
rrr.ly flippant farce, and he has thirty-five
jf them in stock.
Besides the passport from the President
Mr. Neill has made assurance doubly sure
t>y layir.g away a letter from Senator
.'ushman Davis, which introduces the ac
tor to President Sanford Dole of Hawaii,
rhe Neill company will play in Honolulu
iater on. and it will be convenient to have
"I take pleasure in commending Mr. Neill
and his company" in the handwriting of
Senator Davis. Furthermore. Governor
John Lir>.d of Minnesota has written that
"those who fail to see the Neill company
ivill miss a rare treat." And Mayor James
jray of Minneapolis adds: "The ensemble
A the Neill company acts in .more per-
fort harmony for the success of a per
formance as a whole than any dramatic
organization I have ever si>en." All of
which has b»en duly embossed with the
groat srolden seal of state.
There you are. Where Is the boldfaced
critic who would stand up a minute and
venture to hold an opinion against Mayor
James Gray. Governor John lAnd, Sena
tor Cushma'n Davis and President William
McKinley?
James-Neill is an old timer in the stock
system. He was the Western pioneer of
stock companies and it was from the Neill
company that the Frawleys sprung. He
and "Tim" started out in the world to
gether, by the way. both playing in "Only
a Farmer's Daughter" some twenty years
ago. and having a knee-knocking case of
stage fright side by side in the wings.
On Monday night the Neill company will
open in "A Bachelor Romance" at the
California Theater. Both play and com
pany are new to us. so we may venture
a little private curiosity. But a? for pub
iieiy expressed opinion— we wouldn't dare,
under the circumstances, you see. Still,
San Francisco is capricious and may
nor agree with the vouchers of State
officials.
DET'S playin' In luck." saia cr.e or
those who did not go. "Wile dey's
fr.grrin' <}f silver to.ils. I'll be
brow-::, down at Coffee Jack's on
hash out'n a pan wtd a tin mug draw."
"Regan's joint is good enough fur me."
said ""Ocfccr." with a wag of his yellow
head. "When a. feller's jeans is spilled.
y'u can allcrs get a bite to trow Into yer
face. Dem French geezers may be al
right, but y'er ur.cle'll stick ter Coffee
Jack's and de sinkers.''
"Mitts, here, could'a went." remarked
"Sleepy Corcoran." whose name was ap
propriate to his appearance only; "but he
wouldn't stan' fur de inwite."
"Not on y'cr life!" declared Mitts.
"What <$o you link? Am I dat kin' of
a ir.ark— to stan" fur an inwito wld d<*
f.st on brown paper wot come frum do
butchers? Ef de loidy wants me com-
pany pn*» kin do de glazr> paper ack. Ef
I o«in' have a sweller Inwlte <ien de one I
pf-t. well. I declines de honor."
Mitts put -hi? thumbs in his armholes,
elevated his chin ami awaited comment.
None was forthcoming.
'•Well, de loidy ami eer.t is doln' o>
swrll ting, enyhow." ventured a nameless
urchin. "Pants an Monte Rih-.s to <Ie f("&
in a cab. Gees, but Pant? 11 swell up.
They had been discussing an unusual
event; two of their number were diu'ng
out. Not perched upon :i high stool be
»<ire a dingy board with its array of cheap
eatables, but seated before the snowy
clotn and shining silvery.are of a richly
appointed table, with a many course
French dinner before them.
"Pants** and "Monte" were surely
"playin" in luck."' They had the true in
stir.rts of the sport, however, for not by
word or action, nor so much as an ex
pression of the face, did they betray the
fact that such an event was at all un
usual.
ligli'fcd and crowded dining-room there
wa? a well-bred stare and an ill-conrealed
smile of amusement. The incongruity of
our party was probably a general subject
for wonder and amusement.
Born in poverty and reared in the slums,
unaccustomed to tho usages of society,
the^e boys were for the first time in their
lives? guests in a p%-tentinus French res
taurant. We watched them closely to see
how they would conduct themselves.
"Pants" v.as a dark-eyed, reserved look- .
ing boy. with an initial expression of de
termination on his face. He ate as com-
could not be substantiated from a box
view, and he gave vent to an occasional?
caustic criticism.
Between acts we learned from "Mc-
Ginty" something of his life and his
friends. They are mostly transient, and
the newsboy, according to "McGinty."
finds it easier to be transient than almost
any one else. The different modes of
travel, effective in tours from one side of
the continent to the other, and occasion
ally across the sea. would fill a book. The
nucleus of the West, however, for the
newsboy, is Seattle. There the "Home for
Newsboys" offers shelter in time of sick
ness and rest in time of weariness, and
thitherward the newsboy moves in times
of trouble. Some of them are perma
nent residents of San Francisco, among
them "Milkcan Tommy," whose name was
acquired through an early habit. His
morning duty took him the rounds of the
houses on Telegraph Hill, and Tommy
was addicted to the habit of drinking the
milk from the cans left oft the doorstep*
as he went his route.
"Fagan" is the name of a boy who has
no other name that he knows of. His
phenomenal luck at craps and his success
in newsboy pools suggested the name,
which was given him by an onlooker, and
It has clung to him ever since. "Happy
Dougherty" and little "Toots" mean noth
ing in particular, except that the owners
of the names are. one good natured and
thp other diminutive.
"McGinty," our guest, also answers to
the name of Monte, or Mountie. The
origin of the latter name is 6hrouded in,
doubt. It is insisted by some of his
friends that the name "Monte" was given
him from his association with the far
famed game of "three-card monte." and
It Is held by others that a peculiar large
ness of the head occasioned the first name
of "Mountain Head."* which afterward
shortened to "Mountain" and then
"Mountie."
"Pants." when In the early stages of
newsboy life, one day wore his father's
coat and vest on the street. Th<» 6mall
figure with the big clothes was the sub
ject of much comment, and some ona
asked "Where is the pants?" They hava
called him "Pants" ever since. % -
This last named youth had become our
guest merely by accident. The original
Invitation had been hastily written on
nothin*," was McGlnty'a advice In a very
audible undertone.
So poor Pants toyed with the duck until
it. was superseded by the sweet morsels,
more to his taste, when the waiter light
ed the cognac for the rum omelet there
was one single remark and that from Mc-
Ginty, with marked anxiety:
"Say. de fire's de finish, ain't It?"
Throughout the dinner the two little
street urchins had fallen" naturally and
easily into the ways of their surround
ings. With keen eyes on the alert, they
haa patterned their behavior from obser
vation, and it was surprising to what
purpose they observed. Aside from get
ting tangled up in the proper use of their
knives and forks and an occasional use of
a coatsleeve instead of a napkin, the two
unique little guests covered themselves
with glory.
As we left the restaurant we were sur
rounded by a score of newsboys, who had
heard of "Pants' " and "MeGinty's" good
fortune. They had been standing outside
with noses flattened against the glass
doors, watching throughout the dinner.
But "Pants" and "McGinty" had arisen
suddenly In the social scale, and they gave
their comrades the most finished kind of
an "overlook."
And the dinner was not all. It was fol
lowed by the opera. »
We were driven to the Grand Opera
half falling from his chair. Th<» French
dinner had been too much fr>r him. ar.rj
even the music and the glitter of "Alad
din Jr." could not k*ep him awake. A
gentle shake startled him and evoked tha
yawning remark:
"Gees." but me lamp 3 won't stay open."
At the door of the theater we bade M:r
quomlam guests farewell, and tney dis
appeared into the night, leaving us won
dering if the gray hours of the c">M. lone
ly dawn, when they must bo on the «treet
plying their trade, would bo any brighter
for the memory of "Aladdin Jr." and the
Poodle Dog. MADAM JONATHAN.
A NEW STOCK COMPANY IS COMING TO TOWN
In the carriage they were introduced to
the "loidy."
"This Is 'Pants,' and this is Monte, or
•McGinty,' " said the "gent." The boys
made a bashful attempt to lift their
headgear, but compromised by merely
shifting their hats around a little more.
I asked "McGinty" if he had just come
ap from the bottom of the sea.
"Kaw, I jes' come from de cooler." he
replied without a smile.
Tell the lady why you could not come
it 6 o'clock, as you promised," said the
"gent."
"Oh. de cop pinched us fur fightin',' he
laid, as nonchalantly as if being "pinch
ed" was not a thing to be surprised at.
"Were you pinched, too. Pants?"
"Yes'm." he replied, with a far away
look in his brown eyes. "A soak wuz
tryin" to get his flippers onto de papers,
an' we couldn' stan' fur it, so I jes' let
him have one in de mug."
"Yes'm, Pants is pretty handy wfd de
mitts, too," Interrupted McGinty. with an
admiring glance at his pugilistic friend.
Arriving at the Poodle Dog my escort
alighted and the two boys fell out., after
their own peculiar manner, followed by
myself. As we entered the brilliantly
TWO NEWSBOYS WHO HAD A SWELL FRENCH DINNER AND A BOX AT THE THEATER
TBCE SU'JNDAY CAMj.
posedly and unconcernedly as if a meal
of seven or eight courses was quite an in
significant episode in his life.
Opposite him "McGinty" was doing am-
Elc justice to everything In sight. With
im conversation was at a premium — he
was otherwise engaged. Soup, salad, fish
—all were stowed away with alacrity un
der the ragged vest, but when the frogs'
legs were served an expression of amaze
ment overspread the goad-humored face
and a marked hesitancy exhibited Itself.
Catching the eye of "Pants" he queried
in a stage whisper: I
"Say. 'Pants,' kin you stan* fur de
jumps?"
"If de loidy eats 'em I can." answered
Pants valiantly, and steadily nibbled.
When the waiter asked which he pre
ferred, roast turkey or duck, the surfeited
expression that overspread MeGinty's
countenance was irresistibly comical. He
had not realized that things were going
to keep on coming in that manner and
even his capacity was beginning to be
stretched. But he took a sip of the
"Widow Cliquot's" wine from the glass
sparkling at his side and braced up. His
order for turkey was given in a manner
that would justify the supposition that he
3Jhe Persons Who Jook Part
in the Conversation.
*
i MRS. "JENiNIE JUNE" CROLY, i
0 Well Known Writer and Club Woman. (>
0 MRS. ALMON HENSLEY, * . 4
f President of Society for the Study of Life.
* THE HON. CHARLES H. TRUAX, $
£ Justice of the .Supreme Court. *
£ FRANKLIN GIDDINGS, i
0 Professor of Sociology, Columbia University. Q
* A REPORTER FOR THE CALUHERALD. <?
To those zt'ho are interested in the problems of modern society
and of home, one of the most interesting questions of the day is that
cf the changing relations of wives and husbands in domestic life.
The question of the lights and duties of wires and husbands
is rather a broad one, but pcrliaps ?;r can use this as a starting
point: A bright woman said to me the other day that originally the
husband had all the rights and the wife all the duties, and that the
modern movement was simply leveling iliis discrepancy.
Professor GMdir.gr— l do not admit that
tn early time* men had all the rights and
•women all the duties. How can we say
this If we acknowledge that the bread
winner In the main has been the man dur-
Jr.g many ger.t rations past — in fact, al
ways, except in the very earliest times?
As I understand the matter, one of the
wishes — perhaps we ought not tfc say de
man>-. s — of women in recent years has been
to enter freely into competition with men.
F:>, 1 dnubt If we can cay that the duties
ell Lclor.g. or have ever belonged, to the
women. The duties once were different
from what they are to-day. That seems
to 1«» the fact of the matter. They are
distributed differently to-day.
Mrs. Oroly— Forty yearn ago women had
absolutely nD rights in property: no right
to th*» possession of anything that they
earned or anything that they Inherited.
Their possession of anything in the world
was a mere act of suffrance and of will-
Ingness on tho part of man. Now, if men
In tho^e days had not been generally bot
trr than tho iaws, the condition of women
wou!(! have been intolerable. The men
themselves felt the injustice of it, and in
a rnmrure revolted from It. Men who had
daughters and who possessed property
¦which they wished to leave to these
daughters were perplexed how to do it
i,n order to prevent whatever they might
leave from being the prey of unscrupulous
men.
Judpe Truax — I think we must locate the
rtate of affairs depicted by Mrs. Croly
further back tiian forty years. The move
ment toward enlarging the property
rights of women, to which refers, be
gan about 1?45 — almost sixty years ago.
Whether it was forty or sixty years ago
of course does not make any material
difTorrnce so far as the argument is con
oerned.
Mrs. Croly— l could give some very cu
rious instances, but an Individual case is
r.evcr a fair example of generally existing
conditions. But there is no one living—
r.o man or woman— whose recollection ex
tends back forty years who does not re
member a state of things that was dls-
Braceful to humanity. All this has been
changed by the sense of Justice tfn the
part of men themsel\*es.
Professor Giddings— Do not men usually
live on a higher moral plane than the law
requires?
Mrs. Croly— Yes. the best class of men
<Jo. There is always a class of men bet
ter than tho law. I think there is hardly
c n'^stion of that.
Judge Truax— As a matter of fact, so far
s~ property rights are concerned, such
distinction as the* law make 3 between
men and women at the present time is in
favor of tho women. For Instance, sup-
X>os«? that I. a married man, own a hous 1 ;.
Jn case 1 sell that house I cannot give a
foo<l title to it toy my signature alon<».
I must have my wife's consent to sell It.
That is designed to protect her dower
rights. On the contrary, if she owns the
house the' can" Bell it without consulting
rae. I havo nothing whatever to say
nbcut It. 1 have no rights In her property,
but she has rights In mine.
Ycu cl agree that there has been • change
viihln the past forty or fifty years. Has this
bren a movement toward equalizing the
j-osltion of men «nd women?
Mrs. Croly— l think that every clrcum
ptar.ee lends to show that we are ap
r>ro:i(-hi!ijj iin tqufi'.ization of human
lights ar.d human duties r.s between men
and Vi<;tn«-n.
Ju:igc Truax— The charges in the law
have bo«.n chiefly for the benefit and pro
tection of woman. The law as It relates
to U.e position of th« man has been left
In general as it was.
Mrs. Hensley— The cquali^Won of rights
vecms to me to be inevitable. An equali
zation of v.ork or of position is another
matter.
Mr?. Croly— l <5o not say an equalization
cf wotk and position, but an equalization
cf c.ut!«-s. I believe In that.
Professor Giddings — An equalization of
abstract rights Is possible. I think we
ere approaching that; but when you say.
rifhts and duties I think you wrongly
cou;i> the terms. I doubt the possibility
cf ever eqi:a!;zi:!g duties In this world 33
betv.-tcji rren anil women, or between one
clr.?s a::<l another, or between adu'.ts and
children; or as between any two groups
or classes of men.'
Judce Truax— At the present time men
and women stand substantially on an
«><V.]3 % .ity no far as the law is concerned.
Jf th<>re Is an Inequality on one rlrte in
favor of the man. there is an inequality
in favor of the woman to balance it. For
instance, a woman cannot vote. In that
respect she Is not equal to a man In the
eyes of the law. On the other hand; a
married woman can dispose of her prop
erty Independently. In that "respect a
married man Is not her equal before the
law.
We!!, let us call it thwi, the "liberal
movement" as affecting the position of wo
men.
Professor Giddings— You mean a move
ment toward increasing and multiplying
her opportunities? Yes, I should say that
there undoubtedly has been a movement
of that kind.
Mrs. Hensley— You must remember that
as far as the industries are concerned the
greater part of the work that women aro
taking up now is work that they dia or
iginally in their homes. That work has
been taken away from' the home, and it is
but right that women should have the op
portunity of working in these occupations
if they see tit.
Mrs. Oroly— That Is an economic change.
Professor Glddings— lt is true, is it not,
that the change which has taken place In
the law, as it affects women in industrial
occupations, has brought about a change
in the home life— ln the relations of hus
band and wife, for example? If the wife
becomes a breaJearner outside of the
home, instead of In the home, as former
ly, the relations of husband and wile In
the home are materially changed. If the
wife must work in the factory or behind
the counter all day long, she cannot pos
sibly take the same care of the home
that she formerly v.d. In a modified de
gree, the same statement would apply to
the professional woman.
You 6ay that the wife who works at a
trade or, a profession cannot take as good
care of the home now as she did formerly.
I'o you take Into consideration the fact that
the has not one-half the duties to perform In
her home that ehe had formerly?
Professor Giddings- -Suppose she has not
one-half as many duties to perform.
Suppose that she goes out at 7 or 8 o'clock
in' the morning and comes home at 5 or C
in the evening, utterly tired out and used
vp, as a woman usually is after eight or
nine hours of work— how much can she
do in the home? The work of the woman
in the home a generation ago was not as
exacting in many respects as It Is to-day.
although it' was more multifarious. The
standard of living was not as high. Men
and children were not as much waited on
as they are to-day even by their wives.
in spite of the fact that the wives have
more opportunity to-day. They were less
waited upon in my boyhood than they are
to-day.
Mrs. Croly— l- do not agree with that.
Professor GlddJngs. at all. I know" that
fifty years ago the ordinary man not only
expected to be waited upon, but was
waited upon in a way that no man would
dream of being waited upon now. A
great many men, especially among the
poorer classes, were in the habit of sit
ting down to the table alone and eating
all i hat' they wanted of whatever was fur
nished upon the table. The wife and the
children had only what the man left. I
am speaking now of the laboring class.
No man furnished his wife with an allow
ance to keep house. She was furnished
with sixpence or a shilling cr sixteen
penro or two and sixpence or whatever It
was that the food for one day required,
and she had to give an accounting of
everything that was spent to the last
penny.
The -change that has taken place shows
that the home life has improved, so far as
the position of the wlfe-iu concerned?
Mrs. Croly-Yea. it has. I think that
plenty of evidence can bo brought to
prove that men were waited upon much
more years ago than they are now.
-•rofessor Giddings— l have seen some
thing of life In ih.e tenements in this city,
and I have" seen far more numerous in
stances of an almost abject servitude on
the part of the wife and the daughterj
in some of these poorer tenements to-day
than I ever saw among poor peopl« in my
boyhood. If we compare the same classes
I think It true that men and children gen
erally are more waited upon to-day than
they wore thirty years ago.
Mrs. Hensley— l do not think that is so
in cur station of life.
Professor Giddings— Well, as I observe
children, their habits and their behavior.
In families that 1 am well acquainted with
and compare them with the lives of chil
dren In my boyhood. I find that the child
of to-day Is less sclf-reMant. He expects
more to be done for him. He demands more
THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES
OF WIVES AN HUSBANDS
THE SECRET OF MAKING HAPPY HOMES
DISCUSSED BY MARRIED MEN AND WOMAN
Does If affect the home as much In the
cafe of a man aa It does In that of a wo
man?
Mrs. Hensley— ProbaMy not.
Professor Giddings— The trend of mod
ern life as it affects both men and women
is telling very seriously in the home. I
think we must all admit that, and there
fore the question arises whether, grant
ing that the strain of modern life is in
evitable with., the Increase of competition
to which men must be subjected In mak
ing a living for the family, we have
gained anything by opening "all these op
portunities to women and so extending all
that frightful competition. Have we .
gained anything?
Mrs. Hensley— There is one very impor
tant point that ought to be considered,
and that is the effect of this change upon
the child. We must think of him In every
consideration of the home.
It is certainly true that the average wo
man gives less time to her home than for
merly. The question la whether she does
not accomplish more for the home and for ,
the child in less time.
Mrs. Hensley— She accomplishes more
for the home by spending less time there.
That Is a point I wish to emphasize. But
In considering the duties of both mother
and father to the child it is worth whilo
to ask whether we are deriving sufficient
benefit from the improved conditions of
modern life to Justify us in handing down
to our children certain nervous tendencies •
and In subjecting them to. a home at
mosphere which must be altered for the
worse to some extent by the condition of
the parents, due to their overstrain.
That seems •to me a very Important
point.
Professor Giddings— There are two or
three facts which give us an answer to •
that. They are statistical facts. We
know, for example, that the birth rate
not soe why she should put anything els©
before that.
There 'Is one thing; that sunirests Itself to
me In this discourse on the birth rate. Is the
decrease due to the fact that marriages oc
' cur later In life than they did formerly?
Professor Glddings— Yes, that Is a very
important reason.
Is the late marriage a good thing for the
home life?
Mrs. Hensley — Later marriages are not
a good thing.
In Inte marriages Is the home life better?
Are people apt to be more happy?
Mrs. Hensley— Personally I think not. I
think that early marriages are natural
and desirable.
Judge Truax— The entrance of women
Into business undoubtedly has an effect In
reducing the birth rate. You will notice
that of the women in business very few
\ have families. They' cannot afford it.
Suppose that a woman is a stock* broker.
She cannot afford to have children, be
cause she mifrbt be busy with the children
Ht the very time when her whole fortune
was at. stake.
TJ-en tills Is ,i particular In which th«
home has pufferr-d from modern conditions?
Mrs. Ilensley— Perb#ps so. yes.
Judge Truax— lf a woman Is making
$10,000 a year by her own efforts, I do not
care whether it Is by manual or mental
effort, she Is not going to run the risk
of putting herself In a position to lose the
opportunity of making that income. She
will sacrifice the duties of home for the
money, or it may be for her professional
or artistic success. There is bound' to be
an interference between the two rival
interests, 'and the home is the one that Is
s 'likely to suffer.
"We were speaking of physical degenera
tion. - Do you not think that intelligence la
Increasing?
Professor Giddings— lt Is perfectly pos
sible for intelligence to Increase In bodies
that are on the whole weak and sickly.
It is Impossible for Intelligence to Increase
at an extraordinary rate In the existing
generation, except at the expense of fu
ture generations. It Is like. the case of
cities that borrow "money ad lib. and al
low their descendants to pay it. I would
like to say that pretty nearly my whole
philosophy on this subject could be sum
med up in the statement that the multi
plication of opportunities for women is
literally a big drawing on the future. Our
children will Slave to pay a big price for
•it.
Mrs. Crply— l quite believe It.
Mrs. Hensley— But in what way. Mrs.
Croly?
Mrs. Croly— l think it is the result of ,
the failure of the men of a previous gen
eration and up to the present time to
adequately consider the value of the
•home, the value of the mother and the
value of thechildren— in.short. the value of
the horr.«» as it existed. Thcv dl- nor con-
the running of the house without any In
terference from the husband, and that tne
husband In like manner shall always do
the final Judge, though naturally askin,,
and desiring the advice and the sugges
tions of his wife, as to any point of busi
ness that affects his income or his profes
sional duty or anything of that sort. Now
that is a division of labor that will go a
long way toward making a happy home.
Then there Is one other thing, and that
is that it will be a pretty hard struggle to
make a happy home if the breakdown of
the wife and mother is constantly stand
ing before the household as a specter. If
she Is constantly overdoing it Is pretty
hard for those engaged about her to be
happy. I have been engaged in the col
lege teaching of both men and women for
nine years. One observation that I have
made is that women give out much earlier
than men do, because they have not the
?ame healthy instinct of when to stop
that a man has. A girl gets so interested
in her work or examination that she keeps
right on when it would be better for her
to let up a little, as the boy would do.
Mrs. Hensley— Apropos of something you
said Just before that, is it your opinion
that women are going out of tho home too
much? Does not a woman, by excluding
herself from the world, by domesticating
herself too much, interfere with the hap
piness of the home? Which Is the worse?
Professor Giddings— l don't know that I
could say which is worse. One was the
error of the past generation, the other Is
the error of this generation. Both are
extremes.
Mrs. Hensley— One point that you made
when you were speaking of your experi
ence with college boys and girls Is Inter
esting. You say that the girl is apt to
lay too much emphasis upon detail rather
than upon getting a good general idea of
things. Is that, in . your estimation, a
feminine characteristic— that lack of per
spective?
Professor Giddings— l used the word de
tail with reference to her specific Interest
In special details rather than her perfect
ana systematic grasp of all details. I
Ehould say that women are far more fond
of generalization than men. They are far
more fond of a nlc© system of thought.
They are a great deal more deductive in
their method of thought and a great deal
less inductive than the men. Women care
more for definite reasons and facts than
men do. contrary to tho general supposi
tion. Another common fallacy Is that men
are better reasoners than women. I should
say that women are far more likely to
reason correctly from fallacious premises,
and men far more likely to reason badly
from correct premises, the results being
equally objectionable.
Judge Truax— l am not convinced that
women are better reasoners than men. I
do not recall any great logical work writ
ten by a woman. It was not a woman
who wrote Aristotle's "Polities" or Plato's
works or Bacon's "Essays." Take the
things that nearly all educated women do
a little of: they do not do them as well
ness. When a man and a woman asreej to
marry they enter into a contract. will
rot say anything about sacramental mar
rioge: Ido not believe In that They
promise to do certain things, and If they
Oo no: do them one or the other 13 a liar.
They do not keep their pledges. Now.
men and women ought to have a certain
of moral fiber and strength of
character to meet their pled* es to do
what they said they would do. On he
contrary, in many cases, when anything
£ wrong they go all to pieces" mentally
and simply act like children. Further
more they often confess that they are at
tTelr wlts ? end to try to bring about a bet
ter understanding. Finally they yield to
wha- I regard as an utterly false and an
essentially low conception of love-a most
hysterical and almost pathological k.r. I
cf love. They do not seem to care at all
sometimes see between an old «»» »*
an old woman who have lived
many years. That a man should be reaUy
SEKn by the loss of a wife who has been
with him for twenty-five or thirty jears
is something one can understand. Triat
kind of affection is worth while. But IT a
man goes out and shoots himself or a
woman goes and takes poison because dis
appointed in love in the ordinary sense,
they are not fully developed human wr
ings. They lack a certain sternness or
fiber which is essential to full grown man
hood # or womanhood.
Do yoa thrnk. Judge Traax. tJ»*t It would
b« a good thing for divorce to b« made eas
ier by iruUiK It for other c»u»e» tH*a
adultery T
Judge Truax— l do not think It should
be allowed for any other cause. No other
grounds are recognized In the State ot
New York, and I think that we havo an
excellent divorce law. If you look up tha
matter you will find that there ax© com
paratively few divorces In th« Stata ot
New York. „
Mrs. Croly— When people marry th«y
face a new condition which Is a very great
test of character, and they should not fly
off at the first little disagreement that
makes Its appearance, as do the majority
of those w.fao seek divorce. The divorce*
are nearly' always In the early y»ar» oC
married life. It does not seem to b« that
men and women have any right to maka
the public shoulder the responsibility for
their hysterical conditions. They ought,
as you say, to have strength of mind
enough to look at the circumstances and
see If they cannot improve the situation.
Marriage is a great teat both of men and
women, and if there is any virtu© In tham
whatever It develops and strengthens
their best characteristics in time.
Mrs. Hensley— You have spoken of tha
people who fly to divorce in a moment's
passion, but the fact remains that thera
privileges and attaches a much higher
importance to himself than the child did
in my boyhood. He is less Independent,
as he expects to be taken care of.
How do you account for that?
Professor Giddings— l think that as fast
as a people acquires wealth and leisure It
allows itself to get soft in a good many
ways and to lose a good many of the vir
tues of independence and hardihood which
it possessed in its earlier days. That is a
very general explanation. I do .not know
that I am prepared to give a detailed ex
planation.
Now, Mrs. Hensley, you heard Professor
Glddlnps make the point that a woman en-
Eaprd In work outside the home— assuming
that she has children In addition to the or
dinary duties of the household— cannot care
for the borne as well as the woman of a
generation ago, who had do outside duties.
Do you agree?
Professor Giddings— She cbuld not care
for it in the same way and to the same
degree. Let me make that just a little bit
clearer. The woman of a generation ago
had a great many duties. She worked
hard, assuming now that she was a
woman in at least the middle rank of so
ciety—a conscientious woman with some
education. She had a great many duties
and was a hard-working woman; but life
as a whole did not make as many de
mands upon her as it makes on a woman
to-day, partly because she did not have
so many opportunities.
Would you say that for that reason *he
was better able to take care of her home?
Professor Glddings— For that reason
was able to care for her home fairly well,
notwithstanding all tho work she did.
while tc-day if she must go out of her
home to earn money, either in a factory
or store or in professional life, she accom
plishes relatively the same amount of
work an/1 discharges relatively the same
number of obligations, but these are not
all in the household.
Judge Truax— A woman who wishes to
go out and work in business or a profes
sion—lf she can make money enough— may
hire another woman to take care of her
house. 1 should think, though, that her
absence must injure the home life, espe
cially if she has children. She cannot
take care of those children if she Is off
to the wars, can she? She may hire an
other woman to do her housework, but.
she cannot hire a woman to be a mother
to her children.
Mrs. Hensley- The woman of twenty or
thirty years ago who worked all the time
in her home worked very ignorantly and
unscientifically. We must take that fact
into consideration. The woman of to-day
by the systematic care of her home and
the careful apportionment of her hours
requires very, much less time to do the
work than she did in those days.
Professor' Gidriings— But how many
women are there to-day who understand
the art of systematizing their time, who
have a scientific knowledge of the prepa
ration of food, fps instance? How many
such women to-day are engaged in solving
the problem of combining their ordinary
occupations with housekeeping? Is it not
a comparatively small number?
Mrs. Hensley — I think there are a good
many. But they will not be found among
the very poor or the very rich. Of course
if they were rich they would not be do
ing It, and If they were poor they could
not. But you will find them among the
middle clays — the people in moderate cir
cumstances. \
• Professor Giddings— Undoubtedly. But
turn the question about. Of the women
employed in money making occupations
how many give or have given any atten
tion to scientific housekeeping
Mrs. Hensley— The progressive woman—
the bright, all around. Intelligent woman
—considers it essential to know house
keeping and to know the right way to care
for her children.
Professor Giddings— There are certain
tests that we can apply— not positive ones,
but negative ones. Are women to-day
happier than they were a generation ago?
Mrs. Herisley— They are happier, I think,
undoubtedly. They are more. intelligent.
Professor Giddincs— Let us grant that
That certainly is not the only element of
happiness.
Mrs. Hensley— Her value to her home
and to her husband is increrslng.
Professor Glddings— l have never been
able to se£ or to believe that values can be
increased In this life without the increase
of cost. We have to pay for them, and
many things indicate that the Increased
value of woman is being created at an
enormous increase ip cost to herself.
Mrs. Hensley— ln health, do you mean?
Professor Glddings— l refer to health,
and more particularly 'to nervous health.
In resistance to ordinary disease woman
t8 undoubtedly sharing the progress of
the race due to better sanitary conditions
and other causes; but I understand from
the medical men who make a specialty of
nervous diseases— and we ascertain the
same thins? from statistics— that nervous
diseases aro increasing relatively to pop
ulation—that is, increasing more rapidly
than population.
Mrs. Hensley — Is there any. larger pro
portion of women who are suffering from
nervous diseases than of men? To what
cause do you attribute the Increase in
. women?
/ Piolfssor Giddings— l attribute It to' tho
fact that woman Is confronted with vastly
Increased opportunities and that the effort
to improve them brings upon her a great
strain.*'
Mrs. Hensley— lf that Is your position,
then truly you are maligning nature.
When she created us with strong, healthy
bodies did she intend that the brain should
be left idle in order that these bodies
should be wholesome and strong? •
Professor Giddings — I am sure I do not
know what nature may have Intended.
Mrs. Hensley— l believe I know. lam
sure that it is not a question of our men
tal growth at all if .we are becoming a
prey to nervous diseases. It is the woman
who does not so arrange her time that
she can get the full amount of good from
each one of these opportunities who gives
way under the nervous strain. It Is the
woman who is flitting from one thing to
another.
Professor Giddings— My observation
shows that it Is just the other way about.
It is not the unsystematic woman who is
the sufferer from nervous diseases. It is
the systematic woman, who. goes about
things In the most methodical way, and
because she is methodical thinks that she
can do everything under the heavens, and
never stops.
Here is an Important point. . If women are,
'less healthy than they were a generation
CRo, and are less capable, or perhaps have
less opportunity, of caring for the home,
it is something that directly and very'seri
ously affecta the race. No. is It true that
women aro less healthy than they were?
There Is certainly a great increase of ner
vou« diseases.'
Mrs. Crcly— There are three men with
nervous complaints to one woman who 13
so afflicted.
THE SUNDAY CALTj.
shows very marked changes !n France,
England and the United States, if we
compare the present -with twenty or thirty
years ago. Kverywhere we find a dimin
ishing birth rate. We know, further, that
the proportion of males and females in
the birth rate i 3 a variable ratio. It dif
fers from time to time, and it differs if
you compare one class In society with an
other clas3 and if you compare one com
munity with another community. We
know also that, on the whole, a large
proportion .of males in the birth rate is
found where the women lead hardy lives.
It is found among the peasantry. If Is
found where the women are engaged In
healthy out of door labor and in house
keeping of the old-fashioned sort. Where
the women lead an easy and luxurious
life, where they are engaged very largely
In sedentary occupations, you will find a
larger proportion of females in the birth
rate. Then, finally, we know that along
with a large proportion of females in '.the
birth rate goes a tendency toward a large
number of changes, which are lumped un
der the slang word, "degeneration." I
Will not say this as a necessary fact. 1
will not raise the question of causation at
all, because we do not know enough about
it to settle that question. Now, these
things we know, and that Is all.
Mrs. Hensley— ls It true of the world
generally or of one particular class, that
wherever there i's a preponderance of
girls, born there is an accompanying pre
ponderance of degeneration?
Professor Giddlngs — Those are the com
munities that show. the' phenomena of ef
feminacy or degeneracy on the whole. In
other words, the hardy and enduring peo
ple have on the whole a larger proportion
of males in tho birth rate.
Mrs. Hensley— The hardy and enduring
people ha-vo hardy and enduring mothers
necessarily. I want, to remove the stigma
that seems from your remarks to attach
itself to womanhood.
IProf essor Giddings— l do not mean to
Imply that a maTked increase In the birth
of girls necessarily has the effect of de
generacy. I mean to Eay that the two
things in a general way go together.
Have you any opinion on this subject?
Professor Giddings — None that I am pre
pared to express.
Judge Truax— Professor Glddings has
touched upon an important matter In ref
erence to the decreasing birth rate. The
more women there are in business the
fewer children there will be in the world.
You may Invent machines that will do the
household work and you may Invent ma
chines that will tuke carp of the children
after they aro born, but you cannot get
any machine to take the place of women
in bearing children. Personally I do not
believe that a woman ever can make as
great a success in any other profession as
she can in that of being a woman. There
Is no objection to her taking up any kind
of work that she can do, but it seems to
mo that the work of being a wife and
mother is the grandest work in the world,
and It Is the work/that woman alone can
do. There she has no competitor. I do
sldor that it had a value. They made the
woman a subject. They liked the daugh
ters to live in the home and perform the
work of the home without remuneration.
The result of it was that the woman has
ceased to value this home. She has gone
out of the home to get that which she
could not get at home. That was appre
ciation, remuneration and compensation
for nor life and her work. The daughters
have left the home to earn money else
where. I frequently hear men' patheti
cally wish that the "old"' woman would
come back; that they could go back -to
the old home that they had, to the wife
that existed years and years ago, and to
the daughters that made their home like
sunshine. Well, they have lost that, and
It has been the result of their failure to
put a value upon it. If they had put a
pr- • valu3 upon it the woman and the
daughters would have remained in the
home and would have worked in it.
Professor Gidrtings — There is too much
truth in that.
Mrs. Hensley— But progress has taken
the woman's work away from the home.
What would she do without outside inter
ests?
Mrs. Croly— There Is plenty of work in
the home still. There is work to be done
besides making candles and preserves
which never should have been made. I
have soon homes and I know homes that
are just bits of paradise, and that is be
cause the woman Is there ana because the
man appreciates and values the woman
and the home.
Do you think. Mrs. Croly. that the home
is suffering: by this movement?
Mrs. Croly— l think it is suffering, but
I think that the process is one of evolu
tion that could not be prevented or avoid
cm. I havo been a working woman for
iifty years and directed a home during
the whole of that time, and I know that
I have seen all sides of this question. I
have felt that my children would suffer
and did suffer from my absence.
AVhat do you think Is essential for a happy
home for a woman? What makes a happy
home?
Mrs.' Hensley — A comrade or chum for
a husband; freedom for herself absolutely
and children whom she can rear in the
way she thinks best.
¦\Vhat do you think is essential in the hus
band?
Mrs. Hensley— The same thing, to be
sure. •
Professor Glddings, will you give your
ideas on that?
Professor Glddings— Of, course, I agree
that the first essential is the one that Mrs.
Hensley named first— a wife who is a
comrade. Secondly. I should say^ 1 children
who are a pride and a comfort. Third
coming down to the material and prac
tical side of the thing-^there must be a
certain natural and spontaneous agree
ment between husband and wife on prac
tical questions. If they have got to come
to an agreement as the result of too much
argument and negotiation it takes a great
deal out of life. There is probably no one
thing that will conduce so much to that
end as an understanding between husband
and wife that the wife shall have a defi
nite income or a definite allowance, and
be solely and absolutely responsible for
as men do. Nine women play the piano to
one man who does so, but the greatest pi
anists are men. You will find nine women
who can paint a little er draw a little to
one man who can do so, but the greatest
painters have been men. Women may
try to be whatever they choose, but their
greatest success will continue to be found
in being women— wives and mothers.
There are certain well-marked tendencies
that affect the home. We made mention of
the matter of later marriages. The fact that
marriage does not take place as early now as
it did formerly, is due. partly, at least, to
th» groat growth of club life, both for men
and women.' Another cause U tho entrance
of women into various employments. Do
not these outside a!Taira make the home lesj
» center of Interest than it was formerly?
Mrs. Hensley — Yes. that would seem to
be the tendency.
Mrs. Croly— l do not think that it is true,
so far as club life is concerned. On the
contrary, I really tblnk that the club life
has rather increased the interest that the
women have in the various departments
of their homes. Through club associa
tions a woman learns to do certain
things that she Oid not know before, and
her home becomes a new center' of inter
est to her. She learns how to do thihg3
because she is told by some other woman.
She finds out new ways of doing things
and of making her home life more happy
by bringing outside element's into it. I
have made a long study of home life so
far as the clubs are concerned. I have no
ticed that ninety-five, per cent of the mem
bers of the .women's clubs are married.
There Is one Interest inu thing: that we have
not touched upon yet. and that Is ths ques
tion of divorce. Dr. Savage was quoted re
cently as sayinsr. apropos of the proposed
amendment .to the marriage law In this
State", that he believed that marriage sh-mld
be made more difficult and divorce easier.
Mrs. x Croly— I do not believe in divorco
at all.
Mrs. Hensley— Do you believe that the
man and the woman who have become
distasteful to each other should remain
to the end of their lives living In the kind
"of atmosphere that mutual dislike or dis
agreement must create?
Mrs. Croly— l do not believe that the
man and woman who have made mistaken
marriages, who have children perhaps
have any right to charge their own mis
takes upon the shoulders of the commu
nity. I do not believe that the woman
has any right to deprive her children of
a father, nor the man any right to de
prive them of a mother. In regard to the
man and woman who have made one mis
take, there Is no certainty that they
would not make another if they had the
chance. I think, from all that I have seen
of the hundreds of people who try to come
together again after tttey have been di
vorced, that the very best thing for them
as well as for the community is to accept
the situation and accustom themselves to
it in the best way they can
Professor Giddings-I think that the in
crease of divorce is- not only an evil in
itself but that It is an indication of a
moral weakness most humiliating. Di
vorce shoulcl be regarded exactly as bank
ruptcy in business Is regarded— as a most
humiliating confession of moral weak-
Is another side of the picture* I san now
taking the question of men and women
of intelligence, who ax© not hysterical,
but of good common sense. Suppose such
a man and ¦woman find after three or
four years that they are absolutely un
sulted to each other. Or we will take th»
case where one of the two finds that th«
other Is absolutely distasteful to h!«n or
her. Now the question Is whether It Is
right or justifiable that these* two should
live together, that she should bear chil
dren to him— unwilling children, of course,
they would be. In the Interest of ths
race, is it right?
Professor Giddings— l am not able to
see. in th? light of historical facts, that
it makes any difference to the race. It
makes a difference to individuals, but a
irreat deal Is said about injuring the rac<*
through the bearing of unwillingly born
children. Xow. if that la th# case, the
race ought to have come to grief long:
ngo, because in ancient times whenever
one tribe, or nation overcame another the
conouerora appropriated the women to
themxelves and we are all descended from
mothers that- were appropriated in Just
that way.
Mrs. Croly— l havo ho doubt myself that
there are many cases of suffering caused
by unwise marriages to-day, but I doubt
very much If occasional cases of Individ
ual suffering are sufficient to counterbal
ance the enormous injury that Is done to
society by free divorce.
Mrs. Hensley— l believe in marriage, and
I think that divorce t* a horrible thing,
but I have more confidence In men and
women than to think that the mere legal
bond is going to hold them together. Love,
and love only, will accomplish that.,
Po you think that If divorces were not so
easily obtained husbands and wives would
not think so soon of separation?
Professor Glddings— I do not brtieve that
men and women are influenced by law
nearly so much as is commonly sup
posed. I confess I am heretic an this
point. A change in the law would not
make any difference.
You thlr.k that the change mutt coma
from a char.Ke !n the nttitade of society In
general toward the subject— that divorce Is
so to speak, a fad?
Professor Giddlngs-We have epidemic.
In thought and feeling Just as much am
wo have in fashion. If it is in the air so
to speak, for people to quarrel and get'dl
vorcos. they will do so. If it i 3i 3 not they
won t. *
Mrs. Hensley-People well balanced
cTses WUI nOt bQ CaUSht by suc * <*f3f 3 -
S"e^SrSv/? rhCr - t3nJarrtaSe --
Mrs. Croly-That Is a very Interests*
Satt^cUvc Cry trUQ that * !|«£!
that rS at H ali nSICy - There !> no " doutt •*««
for^om™^" 11 . 13 no >?»W * necessity
for Mn, n . as they have a choice of otfte*
K§SS£? h «*rtre M , r saidio me tha
cannot make as much as that?"
4Representative, the committee appointed to
call on the retiring President, who had Just
signed his last bill !n his room close by, en
tered and announce. l that he had no further
messases for the Senate, and extended his
congratulations to fc&th Houses of Congress
upon the termination cf their tobors. The
United States had been without a ruler for
twenty minutes when the a?sistant doorkeeper
announcfd the Vice I'restdent. Two pages
drew back the doors, and Mr. Hobart entered
on the arm of a Senator and took the seat on
the marble dais beside his predecessor, who
still occupied the chair of the presidtr.s officer
of the Senate. Then there was another lor.ir
wait, durlns which the people in the galleries
gossiped loudly and" the Senators yawned.
Finally the President, after being- formally
announced, entered arm In arm with the re
tiring President. Mr. Cleveland. Both looked
very republican. Indeed, especially poor Mr.
Cleveland, who toiled along with the gout, lean-
Ing what he- could of his massive figure upon an
umbrella. The women stood up and with one
accord pronounced their new President aa
good-locking as he undoubtedly was strong and
amiable and firm and calm and pious. The
new Vlc« President took the oath of office,
and after the necessary speeches and the
proclamation for an extra session, the new
Senators were sworn In. and Betty wondered
how any man would dare to break so> solemn an
oath.
• • •
Betty. wlf> had Justly come. tr> the conclusion
that she knew something about politics after
a year's application to the science and" several
talked ccn!>Jar.t!y -!n groups except wjj«o Cm
chairman of the Committee en Forertgn Rela
tions brought in his amended bill. All this
had made up a day trying to the stoutest
nerves, and more than one person had fainted
ar.d been carried /rom the galleries.
The blood throbbed In B<?tty Madison's heart
from repressed excitement ar.«l the lons strain
en her nerv>s. Hut the solemnity at the seen»
affected her so powerfully that her ego seeme<t
deaJ. she wag only conscious of looking dowr»
upon hist.iry. It seemed to her for the first
time she fully realized the tremendous Issues
involved In the calling of that roll of name*.
The attitude o" the American people. whl?h>
she had deprecated and scorned, was dtgnlflerl
by the attitude of that historical body below
her. Even Senator North did not inherent her
frr the moment. The Senate for the time, waa
a unit. " v -
It seemed to her an Interminable Interval be
tween the last echo of th« rumhllnar vnte« of
the clerk who had read the resolution amended
by the report of the conferees and the first ran
corous, exasperated note .of the secretary, after
a brief colloquy between Senators. The secre
tary calls* the roll of the Senate at all times
as if he hated every member of It. aad to
r.lch; he was nervous.
Betty felt the blood throb In her ears as sha
counted the sharp decisive "ayes" and "noes."
although llurlelsh. whom *he had seen during?
the reces?. had toM her there was no doubt
of the Issue. As the secretary came to th<»
M> she came suddenly to herself and waa po«-
Jt-ssed by a desire to get out of the gallery
before It came to tho turn of Senator North to
say •'lye."
While Mrs. Atherton will never b« out
"greatest American woman novelist." nor
write the "great American novel." as has
been prophesied by one of her critics,
nevertheless she has a happy faculty of
turning out some very readable books
and advancing clever and original ideas.
"Senator North" will bo faurld well worti*
reading.
unappredatlve public that has failed to
gi\*> ncr financial support in approval of
uterary meTit.
"Senator North" Is a book that will be
read to-day and gone to-morrow. It
bean the Atherton stamp of clev«-r. well
lui sed sentences ar.d briarht natural dia
logue. It shows a certain amount of
superficial Ftu'iy of th*» political questions
of the hour, which will make it interest
ing enough to us of the present genera
tion to whom the prototypes of the char
ect<rf pr' j «-r.tecl are living flesh and
blood. It contains an interesting Ftory
interwoven with riramatic situations and
we'll written fiescriptions. It shows study.
careful arraneerru-nt and the hand of a
clex-er writer, but unfortunately there is
the mark of the dollars and cents about
it; upon reading it there arises the feel
ing that Mrs. Atherton has not thrown
herself heart and soul into the work— has
not written t<< please hers.-lf but to pro
due a book that, in h^r opinion, would
prove acceptable to the purse of the mul
titude. There is a lack of spontaneity
end freshneF= about It that characterized
those camo "earlier r-fforts" whi^h Mrs.
Atherton unfortunately found larking in
remunerative returns. Nevertheless there
is much of value and inteT-^t to he found
¦within Its pages. Mrs. Atherton is not
artificial and nor p^n pictures of life at
the national capital possess a genuine
ness and warmth of coloring that render
them strikingly r*>al and convincing.
"Senator North" has for its major
theme American national politics, with
a minor chord upon th«» social evil exist
ing Jn the South of unfortunate mesalll
snes between th" whites and blacks. The
latter is introduced for two reasons, first.
to impart a dramatic interest to the story.
and second, because Mrs. Atherton evi
dently rnuFt always have a thread of
pcandal or social reform to weave into
her literary cloth.
The ch?.ra<-tr>r of the book is its heroine.
Betty Madison, a Southern girl of blue,
blood, who ttorvirnes Interested In national
politics, who lives in Washington and Is
anxious to establish a salon. She is a
heroine of Tt years, and falls in love with
Fenator North, the loader of the enn-
Fervarivo demerit of the Senate, a Re
publican, a man of 50. and married to an
invalid wife. Three men figure in the
•=Tory a.« leading characters— Senator
North. Senator Burleiirh from the Middle
West nr.d of 'he opposition, and Jack
Emory, a cnu.-in of Betty'?, with all the
haughty pride of the Southerner and race
"ha ! red "of the negro. Senator North is
well drawn and pivos foundation for the
hope that Mrs. Atherton has slightly
changed her views regarding American
men from th«* opinion she ernressed in
writing to the I^ondon Daily News in 1556,
r.-V!*>n fhe «aid:
'"The v.T«=t majority of American men
r.ro composed of two elements only —
money gr>^od aiVl sensuality. They are at
the very b^crinnincs of thir own develop
ment, the mort elemental race of men in
all civilization to-day.
'.'American women have so far flashed
past thorn that they stand on the piano
which Endifih wom^n would occupy if
they had kept pace with their men. They
are alive to their finger tips: the.y havo
cast off the yoke of conventionality, cut
r.nd-dried religion and all the old forms
j?nd tradition? which should lie and must
become obrolete as the higher civiliza
tion rropres=e?."
Betty Madison is of th<» type "alive to
'her finger tips." with "t«eth as brilliant as
her eyes" and with "a mane of warm
brown hnlr." Phe roaches the conviction
thnt it <¦= the duty of an American girl to
be Informed upon matters political and
fh"rks her mother by her derision to take
rp a tctcMt' .f';- <^T the «-mestinn3 of
thr «* " "• - i'lf-tri'-e of
been done her and only r.eeded the opportunity
to be haf.py and respected. Could duty be more
plain? And was she a chosen instrument to
right one at leapt of the great wrongs per
petrated by the brilliant, warm-hearted, reck
lfrF* men cf ber race?
Hut in a moment Fhe shuddered and dropped
the letter, a wave of horror and disgust rising
within h«;r. This rirl was her sister, and was.
light or dark, a negress. Betty had seen itoo
much of the world in her twenty-seven years
to weep on the discovery of her father's weak
ness, or to phrink from a woman so unhappy as
to be birn out of wedlock, but eh* was a South
ern to her finger tlp«: the blacks were a de
spised, an unspeakably inferior race, and they
had been slaves for hundreds of years to the
white man. To be sure, she loved the old fam
ily servants and rarely said a harsh word to
them, and .it was a matter of indifference to
her that they had been freed, as she had plenty
of money to pay their wages. But that tho
rifgro should vote had always seemed to her
incredible and monstrous, and 6he lauzhed ta
hf ruelf when fhe met on the streets the smartly
dressed colored people out for a walk; they
F*>emed farcically unreal, travesties on the
people to whom a discriminating Almighty had
given the world. To her the entire race wero
first slaves, then servants, entitled to all klnd
ne*a «o long as they kept their place, but to b«
promptly stepped on the moment they pre
sumed. She recoiled In growing disgust from,
this girl with the hidden drop of black in her
body.
Betty appeals to Xorth for advice, and
•t once; and everr conceivable Jr.su!t wm
heaped uj>on the head of the President as h*
delayed his war message from day to dar. hop-
Ing against hope ami gaining what time hr»
could to strengthen the navy.
It became necessary, therefore, fnr th* h!sn«
class men In the Senate, particularly the Re
publicans, to present an unbroken front. 'What
ever the conclusions of the i"resi.lent they must
stand by him. It was their .luty as Am»rlcwi«
first and Republicans after. for they hat
elected him to Qm bi*h and r»rresentativ» of
fice to be filled, they wer- responsible for him.
he had done ncthlnj to forfeit their confidence
and everything by his wise and conservative
course to win their approval. And It was the!"
duty to their party f> uphoM him. fcr eternal
dissension* in this great crisis wruld weaken
their forces ar.d play them tr.t<v the bands of
the Democrats. Therefore Senator North an*i
others who had strenuously and consistently
opposed war from any cause until It becam* j
evident that the Pr-siJ»nt * ! *& *>eea forced lntn
tha position of n. purpet by his peepi 1 * instead o* <
being permitted ti gui.l* th»m. withdrew their
opposition; an! wh»n his message wa* ffaal!y
forced from his hand let tt be known that they j
should support It aga!r.st th» powerful faction ;
In the Senate which demanded the recognition
of Cuba as a republic.- Th* message meant
war. but a war that could no lone«r be arerte<l. .
and there was nothing l»ft for any bicn
mlnded rtat^man arrl !~-/r»l rmrtY man to <in j
but to d»f»r.J the President from thosw who .
would usurp hla authority and tie his ban*?*.
to demonstrata to tba world their belte* tn hi*
statesrr.ar«hip. which was b»in?r atrarked at ;
twenty different pcints by those whom iil» ree«- .
•age had disappointed and to provide* against
one future embarrassment the more.
* • • • /
It was haTf-paxt 1 o*elr>ck on th» 13tVcf ArrfX. I
A thousand people, weary ani breathSest trot '
Intensely silent were crow-led together la th* I
galleries of the Senate. They ha<\ been ther» ,
all night. Fome of them since early afternoon,
a few since the Senate had asB»mbl«<d at 13
o'clock. Outside the corridors were so pacJced
with humanity that it was a won.Jer tiiagreat.
building did not sway. For the first ttra« li»
hours they were «ll«nt and motionless. taouKM'
they could hear nothing. .
On tho floor ot the J»enat» aftno»t wrr &*** <
was occupied, and e»ery Senator was «tr.ral*rrjr-.
erect- no one was lounging or wMsjjertnx o? ,
writing to-night. All faced the Vice Pr«*Uint.
alone on his marble dala. much as an army.
faces its general. Every foot of tha wtda seml
cftvie between the last curve cf chat™ and tho
wall was occupied by members ot the ninM of
Representatives, who stood In a d!s=lfie<l al
ienee with which, they had beealittla acquaint- j
The Senate no longer looked llks acra'Jx^TS ¦
recalled the description of Bryce: „' «»• prae«
seems consecrated to gr«at affairs.
Th» secretary waa about to call tarn wllfW ;
tho vote which would decide the fat* cf Cub* ¦¦
nn<J alter forever the position of the ucltea '
States in the family of nations.
Betty had been In the gallery S.H n*z*rt ana
a part of the preceding day. When th« Ber.at»
took a recftsa at half-past « !n the evening she ,
ar.rl Mary Montgomery, while Mr*. Bhattno ,
guarded their seats, had forced their way down 1
to the restaurant, bnt had be«n obllgred to cm- i
tent themselves with a few sandwiches Vmght
at the counter. But Betty waa conscious of
neither hunger nor fatigue, although tht strain,
during the last eight hours had been almost in- ;
supportable: the brief, sharp debates: the pros- ;
Ing of bores. Interrupted by angry cries of
"Vote! Vote." the, reiterated announcement of '
the chairman of the Committee on Toreljm Re- I
latlons that th* conferees cnuld not agree: the
perpetual r.^ggln? of tw-» Pemccrats an<J on* :
Populist: the lenr. trying Intervals of debate
on matter lrrevelant to the great question tor
turing every mind, tfurin* which ther« was J
much confualon on the floor; for ti« Senator* .
out. and she pot it «slde. But the other!
Must she give him up? i What pleasure could
she find In sitting here with him if her mother's
apprehensive mind did not leave the room for a
moment? , What pleasure if a vulgar world
was whiei>erinc? *
She reflected' with some bitterness that one
danger was receding. He had not entered this
room since the day of her return. Although he
had called several times he had come in the
evening, when she always sat with her mother,
or in the morning, when Mrs. Madison was
apaln sure to be present. She knew that he
dared not come h«ye and that it was more than
likely he would never call at the old hour again.
She realized these . two facts suddenly and
vividly, for her mind worked with a brutal
frankness at times. She began to cry heavily,
the tears raining on her Intellectual mood and
obliterating it. If she were not to Bee him,
alone, again, she might as well ask him to only
come to the house on Thursday evenings and
to show her no attention in' public; If she could
not have the oltf hours again she wanted noth
ing less. And she wanted tnem passionately.
Those hour* came back to her with a polng
nancy of happiness in memory that the present
had not revealed, and the thought that they
had gone forever filled her with a suffocating
anguish that was an complete as It was sudden.
She implored him under her breath to come to
her: then prayed that he would not. .-
She became conscious that she was in a mood
to ¦ take any step, were h» here, rather
than lose him, and the mood terrified her.
Would the time come ! when this intoler
able c-nin would kill every Inheritance in
her brain, its empire the more absolute because
it made passion Itself insignificant in the more
terrible want of the heart? If, It did she would
object lessons, made In th» followtnr weeks
her first acquaintance with th» lntrlcatf«>3
which may sometimes involve political motives.
The President W33 not given time to exhaust
diplomacy with although In his war
message he was obliged to state that he had
done so. .To deal successfully with a proud
and medieval country required months, not
days, and as Spain had grudgingly but surely
yielded all alonj tho line to the demands of
the United States it Is safe to assume that
ehe would have peacefully withdrawn her forces
from Cuba if her pride could have been saved.
Sagasta was working in the Interests of peace,
but a bigoted old country, too Indolent to read
history and puzzled at a youthful nation's in
dustry In the cause of humanity, would move
bo fast and no faster.
The President was rushed off his feet and
his hand was forced. An honest but delirious
country was threatening impeachment and
clamoring for war. Us representatives were
hammering on the doors of the White House
and shrieking in Congress. A dishonest press
was inflaming it and injuring it In the eyes
of the world by assaulting the integrity of the
executive and of the leading men in both
houses; ard unscrupulous politicians were ex
tracting every possible party advantage until
it looked as if the Democratic party, rent
asunder by Mr. Bryan and his doctrines, would
be unified once more. Th* House, after the
President's calm and impersonal message on
the Maine report, acted like a mutinous school
of bad boys wh» had not been tausht the first
principles of breeding and dignity: t!w* few
gentlemen in It hardly tried to make themselves
heard, and even the Speaker was powerless to
quell a couple of hundred tempers all rampant
morse and fanaticism and the man torn
between conflicting emotions of love for
his wife and proverbial Southern hatred
of the blood that flows in her veins. Un
fortunately the mere fact is brought out
that Harriet has told him and that" he has
rushed out into the night and is gone.
Mrs. Atherton has missed a splendid op
portunity to do some of the powerful
writing of which she is perfectly capable.
In fact, the story of Harriet and Emory
could form a book in itself, and a most
interesting one at that. As it Is, there are
some very strong scenes presented in the
tragedy of their lives, and the character
of Harriet— a strange blend of good and
evil— is remarkably well drawn.
Betty returns to Washington and estab
lishes a salon, where she receives all the
nation's representatives and political dis
cussions run rife. She is much aged by
subsequent happenings in the deplorable
marriage of her cousin and half-sister—
which it is well to leave for Mrs. Ather
ton'to tell— and upon being criticized by
her mother for her conduct with Senator
North decides to marry Burleigh, who has
been pressing his suit. She feels that she
is not strong enough to resist forever her
feelings toward North and that she must
go away. Mrs. Atherton has done some
fine work in plausibly presenting the evo
lution in the personality of hen- heroine
from the cold-blooded, intellectual young
Washington society belle to the woman
who learns to know what love really la
Books Received.
•The Autobiography of a Qtxack.~ oy
Dr. S. Weir Mitchell. Th« Century Com
pany. New York. Jl 23.
"Sailing Alone Around tho "World." oy
Captain Joshua Slocum. Tha Century
Company. New York, $2.
"The Rhymer." by Allan McAulay.
Charles Scrlbrver'3 Sons. New York. $1 50.
"Tne Toiling of. Felix and Other
Poems," by Henry Van Dyke. Charles
Scribner's Sons, New. York. Jl.
"The Minx." by Mr 3. Mannington Caf
fyn. Frederick A. Stokes Company. New
York. $1 s*.
"Sandburrs." by Alfred Harry Lewis.
Frederick A. Stokes Company, Ntw York,
$1 50.
"Lying Prophets." by Eden Phlllpotts*
Frederick A. Stokes Company. New Yorlc
$1 CO.
"The Cambric Mask." by Robert "W.
Chambers. Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany. New York. Jl 50. .
"Ceber, a Tale of Harun th© Khallf."
by Kate A. Benton. Frederick A. Stokes
Company. New York. $1 ZO.
"Kate Wethcrill." by Jennette Ije«».
The Century Company. New York. Jl 25.
"Deacon Bradbury." by Edwin Asa Dlx.
The Century Company. New York. Jl 50.
"The" Nicaragua Canal." by YV. E. Sim
mons. Harper & Brothers, New York,
SI 25. **•«•
"The Rebel," by 11. R Marriott Wat
son. Harper &. Brothers^ New York.
$1 50.
"The Story of th* Boers." by C. TC. Van
der Hoogt. Harper £z Brothers, N%w
York. $1.
"Mr. Tmnnell. Mate of th<» Ship Pi
rate." by T. Jenkins Halns. Ixithrop Pub
lishing Company. Boston, fl 23.
"As Talked In the Sanctum,** by
Rounsevelle Wildman. Lothrop Publish
ing Company. Boston. XL".
following the Impulse of duty brings the
girl to her home. Book' two is taken up
with tne happenings in the Adlrondacks,
where the family go for the summer.
Betty and North find their admiration of
each other turned into love and are
placed In the unpleasant position of a
mutual realization of the other's affection
with the knowledge. that there can be lit
tle hope of closer relations; for Mrs.
North, while an invalid, is In no particu
lar danger of a sudden demise. ' Tho first
love scene of the book is unique and well
written. Betty end North are taking a
row upon the lake and the conversation
lias turned upon affairs of the heart:
"Do you love anybody now?" she broke out.
"Is there a woman in your life? Some one
who makes you happy?"
The Fmlie left his lir>s. It was too much to
cay that it had been in hig eyes, but they
cl>ar-ed also. «
"There Is no woman In my life, as you put
It. Why do you ask?"
"Becaufe I wont to know."
They regarded each other squarely. In a
moment he paid deliberately: "The greatest
happiness that I have had in the past few
month 3 ha* been my friendship with you. If
I wrrt free I should make love to you. If
you will have the truth I can concelve.no
happiness ro great an, to be your husband. ' I
ha\ - e caucht myself dreaming of It— and over
and over again. -But as it Is I am not coins
to make love to you. When the strain becomes
too great I shall leave you. Until then— ah.
Betty, who had dropped her head when he
began to Fi>eak. had raised it slowly, and her
face concealed nothing.
"I, too. love you," she said in a moment.
"I »ove you, I' love you. If you know what a
relief it is to say It. That Is the reason I
would not go up Into the forest with you Just
now. I was afraid. I have been with you
there too often."
For the firEt time she saw the muscles of his
face relax, and she covered her face with her
hands. "I shouldn't have told you." she said,
"I shouldn't have told you. 1 hare made It
harder. You will go away at once."
He did not Epeak for some minutes. Then
he said:
' "Can you do without what we have?"
"Oh, no!" she said passionately. "Oh, no!
no!" . -..--.
"Nor can I— without the hope and the pros
pect of an occasional hour with you, of • the
sympathy and understanding which has grown
up between us. I have conquered myself many
time?, relinquished many hopes, and I think
and believe that my self-control Is as great
as a man's can be. I shall not let myself go
with you unlers you tempt me beyond endur
ance: for, as I said before — if I find that I am
not strong enough I phall leave you. You are
a beautiful and seductive woman and your
power, if you choose to exert It, would madden,
any man. Will you forget It? Will you help
me?"
She dropped her hards. "Yes." she said. "I'd
rather suffer anything. I'd rather make myself
over than do without you. And I couldn't!
I couldn't! Every least thing that happens I
want to co straight to you about it. I know
that trouble la ahead, although I haven't ad
mitted it before. I want you In every way! in
every way! and I can't even have you in that.
I will never speak like this again, but I'd like
you to know. If you love me you must know
how terrible It Is. I am not a child. I am
27 years old."
"I know," he said, and for a few moments
he said no more, but looked down into the
water. >' -.•;'.• ¦¦':
"Washington politicians. Some quite unique
conversations pass between mother ana
daughter upon the matter that, while not
particularly edifying, will doubtless prove
interesting to our English cousins who
are prone to swallow such remarks as
gospel truth. For example the following:
Count de BellairSMold me that there was a
fpittoon at every desk In the Senate and that
he counted eight toothpicks in one hour.
JVell. 11l reform them. That will be my
holy mission. As for spittoon? and toothpick?,
thty are conspicuous in every hotel in the
United State*. They should be on our coat of
arms, and the Great American Novel will be
calle.l "The Great American Toothpick.
Ftate*mfn have cut their teeth on It. and It
has been their solace in the great crises of the
r.aticr.'e history. As for spittoons, they were
invented for our own Southern aristocrats, who
loved tcbacco then as now. They decorate our
• "apitol us a mere matter cf form. I don't pre
tend to hor-e that ninety representative Amer
icans are IWu Brummels. but there mu?t be
a respectable minority cf Rentlemen— whether
Fflf-mnde or not I cion't care. I am going to
make a deliberate attempt to know that minor
ity.
In spite of the opposition of her mother
and her cousin. Jack Emory. Betty per
sists in her intention and gradually works,
into the political life of Washington. She
is greatly Impressed with Senator North,
a man who ••did not look as if he had
over hurried or wasted his energies or lost
bla self-control in his life. His face was
impenetrable: his eyes, black and pierc
ing were wholly without that limpidity
which reveals depths and changes of ex
pression: his mouth was closely set and
betrayed neither tenderness nor humor.
If possible he stood even more squarely
on his feet than the other men. He had
the powerful, thick-set figure which in
variably harbors strong passions."
The .story is laid just prior to the inau
guration of President McKlnley. and cov
ers the political per'.od from that time to
the declaration of war with Spain. Hav
ing her leading character imbued with an
ardent desire for political knowledge gives
the author an excellent opportunity for
the propounding- of personal opinions
through the mouths of her puppets. The
book is filled with arguments upon the
question of Cuba and the war with the
Spaniards. Senators Xorth and Burleigh
both spend much of their time in enlight
ening Betty and as they are antagonistl
cal in their views the reader can take his
choice of the arguments.
Hetty, while a great admirer of Bur
leinh. is far more attracted by the stron?
personality of North and his remarkable
mentality." Then happens an event which
brings them yet closer together. She feels
hers<lf called upon to ask him for advice
and aid. The minor chord in the story
is touched and the tragedy develops.
Betty receives a letter from a minister
about to die. who informs her that he
must turn over to her his charge — that
she has an illegitimate sister whose
mother was a negress. although th»
daughter is whit#. Mrs. Atherton has
well depicted the general sentiment of the
South in hrr description of the effect of
this letter on the young Southern girl.
Petty* first impure was to lake the next
train for ft Andrews. Her heart went out to
the lonely girl, deprived of her only protector.
W r»t'-hed under the triple load nf poverty,
Jriendles^necFs ar.d the curse of race. And this
cirl bore no visible mark of the wrong that had.
"In dealing with methodical scoundrels you
know at least where you are. A man and
woman can never be too certain of what five
minutes will bring forth. -That ends it. We
will never discuss the question again until it
comes up tor the last time— if It does. I do
not mean that I shall not tell you again that
I love you, for I shall. I have no desire that
you shall forget It. | I mean that we will not
discuss possibilities again, or. give expression
to the passionate regret we must both. feel. Is
It a compact?" $
"I will keen my part of It. ' I promise to be
good. I have prided myself on my intelligence.
I am not going to disgrace it by ruining the
only happiness I shall ever have. I love you
and will prove It by making your part as easy
as I can and by giving you all the happiness
I am permitted to."
He leaned toward her for the first time, but
he did not touch her.
"And.l promise you this., my darling," he
said softly: "If you should ever be In great
trouble and should send for me— as of course
you would do— l will promise to' take you In
my arms then and forget myself. Now change
peats with me and I will row you part of the
way home. I shall get out a half-mile from
the hofel. There was really no reason why
you should have made me walk nearly the en
tire lencth of the lake."
Meantime Jack Emory and Betty's un
fortunate half-sister Harriet have been
secretly married without his having been,
informed of her dreadful secret. Their
"marriage, through the curiosity of a pry
ing housekeeper, becomes known, and one
night Harriet, who has been worked up
to a fit of religious frenzy through a camp
meeting In the neighborhood and is tilled
with the fear that some one else will tell
her husband her secret, commits the fatal
error of telling him herself. Here is a
chance for the pen of Mrs. Atherton to
give us a really dramatic situation, to
describe this scene between husband and
wife— the woman drunk with religioua re-
and fears Its power. The conflict in her
mind and her ultimate decision is written
with characteristic Athertonlsm:
Even for him Betty reflected that she could
not endure vulgar gceslp. and wondered how
any high-bred woman could for any man.
"For what else doe* civilization mean." she
thought "if those that have its highest advan
tages are not wiser than the mob? And unless
a woman is ready tog o and live in a cave sh«
cannot be happy in the loss of the world 8 re
gard, for it can make her uncomfortable In a
thousand little ways. Expediency is the" root
cf all morality. It is stupid to be unmoral,
and that is the long and short of it. I would
marry him to-morrow. If I had to cook for him.
if he were dishonored by his country, if he
were suddenly smitten with 'ill-health and could
never walk again. I am willing to go through
life alone for his sake, even without seeing
him. and after he is dead and gone. I love him
absolutely, and If there is another world I
must meet him. there. But I am not willing to
become a social pariah on his account."
She had never permitted her mind to linger
on the practical aspect of a different relation
ship, but she did so now deliberately. She
kne"w that what her mother had intimated waa
true— that the happiness to be got out of It
would amount to very little, and that the day
would come when she would say It was not
worth the price. There were many times when
she was not capable of reasoning coldly on this
subject, but she had been listening to Senator
Ffrench on the restriction of Immigration, and
felt all intellect. Her mind turned to ' Harriet.
There was a creature foredoomed to destruction
by the forces within her. struggling In vain,
assisted and guarded In vain. Should she, with
her Inheritance of kindly forces within and
without, deliberately readjust her manifest
lines into a likeness of Harriet Walker's? And
ghe knew that even if she hoodwinked the
world, the miserable deception of it all, the
nervous terrors, would not only wear love
down, but shatter the ideals of herself and
lilm. Site would be infinitely more miserable
than now.
It relieved her to have thought that phase
marry Burlelgh. She made up her mind In
stantly. She would fight as long as she could,
for she passionately desired to live her Ufa
alone with the Idea of this man: but If she were
not strong enough she would marry and bury
herself In the West. Nothing but an Irrevocable
step would effect a permanent mental attitude,
and Burlelgh would give her. little time for
thought. /
«;•¦: - ? ¦ . .• ' '. • '¦'¦_' •'• •
Betty drew a long breath. Her cheeks wer*
cool at" last, and she wondered If her heart
were dead. It felt so cold. What mad impulse
had nearly driven her to him to-night, inde
pendently of her will, which had slept, worn
out. like other faculties, by a day of hunger,
excitement, nervous exhaustion and physical
pain. The impulse had risen unhindered and
uncritielzed from her heart, and if it had risen,
r>nce it could rise again. The days to come
would be full of excitement She fancied that
she already heard the roar of cannon, the beat-
Ing of drums, the sobs of women. And below
the racket of Its sad accompanlrsent was always
the low. indignant mutter of a triumphant peo
ple at those who dared to set themselves above
the popular clamor an<i ask fcr sanity. The
Intolerable longing that had become her con
stant companion would be fed by evejy device
and unpropltlous circumstance. Again and
again she would experience this Impulse to go
to him. ani some night the blood would not re
cede' from her brain in time.
She groped her way out of the dark parlor
and down the hall, grateful for an excuse to
walk slowly. Her boudcir was brilliant, and
the struggle cf the last few moments seemed
the more terrible and significant by contrast
with the dainty, luxurious room. She wondered
if she woulj ever dare enter the parlor again
or If it would not always look dark to her.
She sat down at her desk and wrote a letter
It ran:
"Dear Mr. Burlelgh: I will marry you If T**»
still wish it. Will you dine with me to-night 7
•BETTY MADISON*."
She waa too tired for emotion aa she addressed
and sealed the letter, but *he knew what would
come later. Nevertheless she went to the front
door and asked the watchman to post It. Then
she went to bed.
The story has a conventional endtnsr.
The death of Mrs. North Is opportunely
announced, and of course tha sequel la
easy to guess.
Aside from the narrative and the study
of the characters involved tho reader will
find much to Interest him In the political
discussions introduced, and especially in
the vivid portrayal of great events _Jrt
"Washington. The following will give_a
fair idea of the author's daring treatment
of great men and deep subjects:
On ThurEday she not only witnessed the last
moments of the last session of the Fifty-fourta.
Congress, but the Initial ceremonies of the In
auguration of a President of the United States.
She had seen the callerifs crowded before,
but never a» they were to-day. Even the dip
lomatists' gallery, usually empty, was full of
women and attaches, and the very steps of
the ether e-allerles were eet thickly with peo
ple. Thousands had stood patiently in the cor
ridor since early morning, and thousands stood
there still or wandered about looking at the
statues and frescoes. The Senators were all
In their *»ats: most of them would gladly have
been In bed, fcr they had been up all night,
and the Embassadors and envoys were brilliant
and flittering curves of color, the effect greatly
enhanced by the republican simplicity of the
men to whose country they were accredit**!.
The Judges of the Supreme Court In their flow
ing silk gowns alone reminded the spectator
that the United States had not sprung full
fledged from Nothing, without traditions and
without precedent. .•¦».
What little that is left of form In the re
public was observed. Two Senators and ona
By B. G. Lathrop.
JX /T? HS. OERTRUDE FRANKL7X
//\(\ AT HERTON has gone into poll-
II Mit \\ ticp - Of possibly it would be wise
to qualify that statement a little
by explaining that she has written a po
litical novel. Her book is now on the
press of Jchn L,ane, the New York pub
lisher, ar.d Mr. Lane announces the date
cf its initial bow- to the reading public of
America as May 1. The story is entitled
"Ser.ator North," and is divided into
three books, two of them with the scene
laid in the political center of Washington
Rr,rt r-riA with !h« Ariirond.-iok Mountains
'or a background.
Mrs. Athcrton in her California stories
l:r.> written many things regarding our
F<-'t!nl life which proved far from con
pcj:ial to The majority of her California
readers. She has a manner of attacking
foc!al cvi's ar.d private scandals v.-ith a
• troke s=o darir.g and a faculty cf Impart
ing a coloring so vivid that while it may
prove interesting for the outside world
is r.ct pleasant when perused by the mem
bers cf the Injured community. In the
case of "Senator North," however. Cali
forniar.s may rest easy— the Golden State
Las ail but been ignored. The heroine
takes a flyins trip West, and some In
direct allusions are made to our Washing
tnr. representatives; but beyond this
nothing more, rerhaps Mrs. Athcrton
has cerided to take herself In earnest and
abide by the Fer.timent expressed in a
letter written for publication some time
ego. in which, with reference to her Cali
fornia stories, she says:
"Xow as to ray writing- of California.
What Is ihe use of writing stories which
r.o one tvIII road? I made exactly $12 on
the book edition cf "The Doomswomnn":
and The I^lppincoxts wore so disappointed
in the sale of the magazine in which it
first appeared that they did not feel justi
fied in bringing it out between boards.
As for "Be*jre the Gringo Came.' I do
r.<~t believe a hundred copies of the book
were sold, and the stones were refused
by nf-arly every magazine In the United
Plates. 'The Cosmopolitan, under Mr.
Howeils* editorship, and Llppincott's. pub
lished two or three of the little ones. The
rest I had to s«"nd to England. The people
In the Eastern States car*> nothing for
California. That Is the brutal truth.
«They have not time to think of anything
but themselves.) As for California Itself.
If It be true that 'all residents of the State
F'Ossess the highest sense of admiration
or my eariiT ?>iTorts* they hflve taken a
peculiar way of showine it. Not only do
they refuse "to buy my books wh'fh treat
of California subjects, but their press.
when not abusing me. studiously, ignores
rr.e."
Af a matter of fart. It Is really an or
cafion for regret that Mrs. Atherton can
not be induced to continue the good work
of those same "earlier effort?." although
the blame should nfit rest wholly upon
fcer own t-hojlders. but be shared by the
Gertrude Atherton' s New Book. Senator North, Which Is Soon to Be Published
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"I am not a believer tn people parting because
they can't have everything," he continued
finally. "It In only the very young who do
that. They take the thing tragically: the c'on
llict of passion and disappointment tramples
down common sense. If love is the very best
thine In life It Is not the only, thing. Every
time I have seen you I have wanted to take
you in my arms and yet I have enjoyed every
moment spent tn your presence. The thought
of giving you up is Intolerable. We are both
old enough to control ourselves. And I be
lieve that any habit can be acquired."
"And will you never take me In your arms?
Have I got to bo through life without that?
I must say everything: to-day— l will row out
Into the middle of the lake If you like, but 1
must know that."
"You can stay here. There are certam
things that no man can .say, Betty, even to tne
most loved and trusted of women. The only
a newer that I can /make to your question is
that If I find that I must leave you I shall
certainly take you In my arms once."
"Are you sorry I told you I loved you?
Would It be easier If I had not?"
¦"Probably. But I am not sorry. Love can
plve happiness even when one Is denied tne
»-xr>ression of ! It."
••I never Intended to tell you. I was afraid
If I did you would leave me at once."
••So I should If you were not— you. But I
should think myself a fool if I did not make
an attempt to achieve the second best, t I may
fall, but I shaJl try.' And life Is made up of
compromises."
••You are more certain of smashing the
trusts," she said with the humor which never
bore repression for lonr. . •
5All Rights Reserved.'
CHAPTER I.
PARIS, like every capital. Is made up
of several towns, some of them very
tiny. Once through the city gates,
particularly on the west, one Is im
mediately in other towns that are still
Paris, or only distinguished from It by
a mere administrative fiction. But these,
for example. Neullly or Lavallols, have the
appearance, the population and the cus
toms of a provincial center. A foreigner
guided to the suburb of St. Charles, ad
joining the Javel quarter, to stroll about
there- for a day before returning to his
own country would carry away with him
a curious Idea of Paris. And yet he would
have visited one of the capital's annexes,
Fltuated within a few rifle shots of the
Arc de Triomphe, and which in ten years,
when the fortifications are demolished,
will be Paris.
St. Charles occupies an angular space on
the left bank of the Seine, between the
river and the belt line of the city. The
Porte de Bas-Meudon forms the apex of
the angle. The principal artery of the
capital Is a continuance of the Rue St.
Charles, twhlch traverses the whole
length of Javel and keeps the name on
the other side of the fortifications.
About sixty out of every hundred Paris
ians would be amazed to learn that the
Rue St. Charles resembles the Rue St.
Denis in the aspect of its houses, the or
namentation of its sidewalks with monu
mental fountains and its commercial ani
mation. The inhabitant of the quarter
purchases all the necessaries of life in this
street. When . his demands exceed the
resources of the, Rue St. Charles shop
keeper, the latter replies to the purchaser
exactly as a colleague In Mantes or Ro
morantln would reply In a similar case:
"I can order it for you from Paris."
And the Inhabitant of St. Charles will
say to his wife In the morning:
"Don't expect me to luncheon; I am
cfrllged to go to Paris."
It may be well to give a few details
about the St. Charlesian; an individual
rarely seen by the Parisian. As In towns
of- the United States, a distinction must be
made between the native autochthonous In
habitant and the Immigrant. St. Charles
is an ancient village. On account of the
slow means of communication It was as
distant from Paris a hundred years ago
as a" village of the Lolret or of the Eure
is to-day. This amounts to saying that in
the Pari3 of Louis XVI the very name of
the village was Ignored; the Inhabitants
were simply agriculturists, of whom many
lived and died without ever having seen
the Louvre.
Several of • these original families of
agriculturists still exist, and are recog
nizable by the names found In numbers
upon the shop signs, names which already
figured upon the ancient parish registers
of the beginning of the seventeenth cen
tury. Froment, Martin, Bahuchet occur
the most frequently. These native Inhab
itants, through some mysterious law
which no one has found interesting
enough to Investigate, are almost all mod
est retail dealers— tinsmiths, grocers, bak
ers. Not a single Bahuchet, Martin or
Froment Is reputed rich in a commune
where some Immense industrial fortunes
have been built. These all belozur to tha
Immigrants, to the big manufacturers who
have colonized St. Charles from the Revo
lutionary period to the present time, men
who have been and still remain Parisians
from Paris. The Roussln3, whose petro
leum refinery Is In the Rue Dclnrmel. have
their mansion In the Pare Monceau; the
publisher Verdier, whose printing work 3
form part of one side of the Ruo Lacor
dalre, lives near the Trocndero. Jude
Duramberty. tho big manufacturer of
wallpaper, has his factory in the Rue dcs
Vergers, but he lives In a sumptuous Paris
residence In the Rue Francois I. All these
manufacturers go to St. Charles exactly
as the English merchant and tradesman
goes to the city, and none of them even
dreams of living there.
Nevertheless, these factories, ware
houses and shops have had considerable
Influence upon the population. In the
first place, they have Increased it numeri
cally by Introducing two new elements—
the clerk and the workman. St. Charles
has gradually passed from the village
Ptage to that of a town and thence to
that of a big provincial city. Its popula
tion to-day exceeds twenty thousand
souls— as many as Chartres. Almost all
the clerks of the big workshops live in
the city. Several lodge In the factories,
and others have their residence in the
neighborhood. Very few among them go
outside the fortifications, for it Is impor
tant that they should not shorten their
moments of leisure by uselessly prolong
ing the four daily Journeys. As for the
workmen, the center of St. Charles quick
ly became too dear for them, so they In
habit what may be called the suburbs of
a suburb.
The chief characteristic, therefore, of
this outlying center Is a population of na
tive retail shopkeepers and of modest
clerks; another of workmen, rather su
perior In number, and no wealthy people,
although the whole of St. Charles belongs
to big capitalists.
The effect of this repartition of the in
habitants may be divined— the workpeople
and the minor citizens perpetually In con
flict over all purely local questions, the
prepotent influence in all political affairs
there, as everywhere elae. being exercised
by the moneyed class— that is to say, by
people who do not live In the place.
Their Influence, It must be admitted, la
rarely called Into play. It Is felt from
time to time, a sort of providential
eclipse. Now and again some big manu
facturer finds It necessary to make a po
litical stronghold for himself In St.
Charles. But the politics of the place and
the emoluments they represent belong, as
a general rule, to the genuine Inhabitants,
native or Immigrant. Thus the eternal
division of the French provinces Into two
parties— the governing power and the op
position—ls naturally found there. As
there is no aristocracy In St. Charles, the
native shopkeepers and a few annuitants
represent the stubborn conservative, or. If
you prefer, reactionary party, which In
creases gradually through the addition to
It of the pensioned clerks. When a man
has worked in a provincial town for twen
ty or thirty years and has become that
pitiable creature— a pensioner— he neither
feels the desire nor has the means to
leave his county center and to go to lire
In Paris. Thus it Is with the majority of
the retired employes at St. Charles, a true
provincial town. They rent a house with
a little garden, preferably near the forti
fications; take up their residence there
with- their family and continue as annuit
ants their former life, aggravated by
weariness. Their sole diversion Is to stroll
along the banks of the Seine, to watch
the soldiers drill, to go to the Grenello
Theatre and to visit a few fairs, among
which about every eleven years Is a gi
gantic one— the exposition.
Being annuitants, they are conservative,
like all the retired population of France,
through a terror Inspired by the vague
peril of spoliation. Their children, born
In St. Charles, are officials to their very
marrow, like most children of. pension
ers: but the boundaries of St. Charles
limit the entire field of their ambition.
They aspire to a post In the Town Hall,
to become teachers or assistants In the
municipal schools of the district or offi
cials In the hospitals. The most daring
covet a place in the workshops. When
a youth manifests any aptitude for math
ematics he is sent to the Ecole Centrale.
When his military service leaves him freo
he frequently returns to his native place
and obtains a situation In the factories
at Roussln. Duramberty, Verdier or of
some competitor of these manufacturing
princes. Men In frock coats. Jackets or
cutaways, they become the founders of
families of conservatives in their turn,
forever tormented by the fear of revolu
tion. For they see the phantom of so
cialism In the form of oil-stained caps, of
faces grimy with coal dust, of starved,
bareheaded females, suckling, pallid
faced babes, eaten away with scrofula.
passing before them every day at the
hour when the factory bell 3 ring, like a
warning tocsin. The old annuitants and
pensioners, crouching behind the windows
of their little houses, watch this army of
misery, hunger, hard work and drink
march past and call to their wives:
"Look at the anarchists ?'
But they have nothing to fear. The
worklngmen's party would be the most
powerful In St. Charles, as In all Indus
trial centers, were It not unintelligent,
narrow minded and led astray. It Is all
this. After having been united, from
about ISSO to ISSS. under the guidance of
an ambitious leader, the party was dis
organized by his death. There was no
one to take his place as chief, and tho
party split In two. An adroit campaign
conducted by the reactionaries— 1. c the
monarchists and imperialists— and ' tha
clericals envenomed these divisions and
turned them to account- The worklne
men's party made an alliance with the to
actionaries overthrew the Municipal
Council and replaced It with one made up
of reactionaries and of so-called extreme
eoclallsts. This strange eomblnaiton £!
lsted for three years, was defeated In lta
turn by the allied socialists n.nd radical*.
THE STTJJDAY CALL.
6
Lea
THE WoROS 3HE UTTERED UPON THAT 'OCCASION REMAINED ENGRAVED list THE-
- •• MEMORY OF mWHo HEfIRD.HER.-v-— -.•••-.->-.-Quignonnet retained the hairy hand held
out to him by the Abbe.
"Wait a minute. What are you talking
about? The Sisters are going to enlarge
the Convent of the Sacred Blood? They
said nothing to me about It. Yet they
cannot be thinking of conducting the ne
gotiations themselves?"
"I don't think so," said Mlnot, walking
away slowly toward the building.
"Have they got^a broker?" asked, the
Deputy Mayor. . ' '
"No, they simply asked my advice. Good
day."
Quignonnet took the Abbe by the arm
and compelled him to stop.
"I hope you're hot going to propose any
other intermediary to them?"
"I shall not propose any one. It's not
my business. Remember this, my dear
fellow, nothing Is more dangerous than to
give advice to those good Sisters."
"Oh, come. Abbe," said the Deputy
Mayor; "you're not speaking seriously. I
rely upon you, just as you may rely upon
me to look after your schools; you know
that very ¦well!"
. The face of Abbe Minot assumed an ex
pression that was both cunning and stu
pid, the expression of a farmer about to
-strike a bargain.
"Oh!" he said, "the Sisters may not
need any one. All I kr.ov.- is that the un
dertaking Is a big one. It will cost 130,
000 francs at the very least."
"A hundred and fifty?" repeated Quig
nonnet. lisping with emotion. "Get the
affair for me, my dear Jean Francois. I
guarantee that the interests of your
nuns will.be in good hands, and I will not
forget your religious shanties. What I
said to you v. few minutes ago was only
In joke. You know that I am always ready
to help you. Is it a bargain?"
He ra!sed his voice a' little, carried
away by his desire to secure the consent
of the priest. Minot. without replying,
looked toward the door of the Deputy
Mayor's office, which they were approach-
Ing.' .Quignonnet raised h:s eyes in turn,
and was taken aback for a moment when
he saw a man standing before his stable
stooping over his papers a.nd fingering
them. It was Jude Duramberty, with
his hat on his head and a cane in one of
his gloved hands. At the sound of the
footsteps of Quignonnet and Minot on the
two steps leading up to the door he
turned. His ruddy ; visage, with inky
black mustache and imperial, although
the thick, bushy hair was slightly gray,
appeared in the full light of the after
noon sun. His dark eyes examined the
pair as they drew near, and he made a
step toward them.
"Good day, Quignonnet. Good day.
Abbe."
He took off his silk hat and laid It on
the desk. The Abbe and the Deputy
Mayor bowed with a friendly-air.
"Excuse me, Quignonnet, for having en
tered. Bonnault told me you were here."
"Quite so, M. Duramberty; he was quite
right. You are at home here. We went
to take a breath of fresh air in the gar
den. To what do I owe the honor of a
visit?"
"I will tell you. Have you a moment
to spare?"
"Certainly; as many as you like, M.
Jude. Won't you take a seat?"
"I will leave you," said- the Abbe Minot,
walking toward the door.
"You are not in the way. Abbe: on the
contrary, you may be able to give us some
useful information."
Duramberty sat do^-n upon the sofa, the
Abbe on a chair, while Quignonnet took
his place before the desk. There were a
few moments of silence, during which the
manufacturer, with frowning brow, ap
peared to be reflecting about what he was
going to say. His two friends waited re
spectfully for him to begin.
"I received a visit this morning from
Fredal and Mme. Ribaut. They are both
rather dissatisfied and anxious."
"About what?" asked Quignonnet.
"It appears that the outlook for the
forthcoming school year Is not very prom
ising. Fredal has lost only three pupils,
but* Mme. Ribaut has not a single new
one, and she loses eleven. • Do you know
where they are «lt going?"
"To 'the religious schools, naturally,"
said the Deputy Mayor, glancing at the
Abbe. • •
"I'm afraid not," sighed the Abbe; "our
reopenlngs are not so very brilliant as all
that!"
"All the pupils who are leaving Mme.
Ribaut are going to the Pirnitz-Heurteau
school. It is a sort of mania In the neigh
borhood. The directresses put all sorts of
obstacles in the way of receiving now
pupils; refuse this one and that. But in
pplte of all, applications still flow in. The
bchool Is popular."
"Heaven only knows why!" cried the
Abbe. "The programme they follow is
lifte nothing In this world. There Is no
regular course, ami not a single one of
their pupils has come forward for a di
ploma."
"No, there are no examinations," said
Quigncnnet, assentingly; "It Is against
their principles. I understand very easily
why 'the pupils prefer It, but I cannot
comprehend the parents."
"Oh, they are attracted by the novelty:
They aie tickled with the ld-^a that th-j
children go shopping three by three, wear
ing a black cashmere dress and a red
sash; that they run about in the country
with a green box slung over their shoul
der and caXch butterflies. At any rate,
I suppose so!" said Minot grumblingly.
"Did Fredal and Mme. Ribaut come to
you because you are a member of th*
committee upon instruction?" the Deputy
Mayor asked M. Duramberty.
"Fredal did." replied Duramberty. "As
for Mme. Ribaut, she purposes Bending a
report to the council upon the situation
she is in as the result of this new com
petition: and, believing me to be a patron
of the little 'Arts,' she came to apologize
in advance and to ask if I should oppose
her."
Qulpnonnet said nothing, but Mlnot,
atter a moment, rtked:
"You do take an interest in them, don't
you? "
He had again put on the good-natured,
stupid air that he always adopted to ask
awkward questions.
"I?" replied Duramberty. "Not mor»
than I do in any other undertaking In this
quarter. Besides, those women do not de
serve any friendly Interest. They are a
little too self-confident." '*'.'¦-,
"The inspector even complains about It."
said Quignonnet, emboldened by the man
ufacturer's tone.
"As far as I am concerned," said the
Abbe, shaking out his broadhemmed
handkerchief, "I say they are blockheads.
If they had not Sainte-Purade's millions
behind them their school wouldn't lust
. very long."
• He blew his nose noisily. Duramberty
smiled.
"Millions? Have you seen the millions
that belong to Mile, de Sainte-Parade?*
"Oh, I can assure you, sir. Sainte-Pa
rade has plenty of money. I know her
when she attended St. Francois Xavier's
Church. I was even her confessor. At
• that time she was a very good woman;
she hadn't yet fallen Into the hanJj cf
that Pirnitz gang. But she is certainly
rich— ve.-y r»ch."
"She speculates," said Duramberty.
"She has doubled her fortune with cop
per stocks, which Michel told her to buy."
"Yes, Michel has advised her very
well," said Duramberty, "but she has ac
quired a taste for s-peculation! The ex
penses of the school are enormous. At
the next reopeninij they will have sixty
pupils. 1 got this information from the
only one of thuse women who Is at all
accessible."
"Mile. Pirnitz?"
"Xo, Mile. Heurteau, a former public
school teacher. She admits that each
pupil costs s<X!f. a year. Mile, do Sainte-
Parade is rich enough to look afttr the
school as it i.s at present, but not if it Is
enlarged to the proportions she dreams
of. She has speculated oiu.-e, and she will
speculate again and the day. that Michel
goes under" ,
Jude Duramberty did not finish his
phrase. He chewed the stump of his
cigar for a little while. Minot and Quig
nonnet did not speak, for they were in
terested to hear tho most influential man
of the district unbosoming himself upon
a subject which was usually treated witn
reserve in their discussions.
"These women are very unsympathe
tic," went on the manufacturer. "I have
helped them as much as 1 could. But for
me they could never have built their
school. I founded a scholarship and of
fered them my overseers to give a course
of les3ons free. They refused my offer,
under the* pretext that the rules of the
school excluded men from the educational
course. It is madness! Feminism! What
do people mean by feminism? I admit
that women have a right and a desire to
earn their bread honestly, but they have
no business to pose immediately as ene
mies of society."
"They are simply a lot of blockheads."
said the Abbe, who seemed to be quite
satisfied with this epithet.
"They are beginning to antagonize, by
their attitude, ail who at firi« were favor
able to them." said yuignonnet. "The
Abbe, for exampU. does not seem to have
a very warm affection for them."
"They are a lot of blockheads. M. Jude."
repeated Mlnot. "Besides, is It decent for
a free schocl to be without a chaplain?
After all. I can understond governmental
schools being VitJiout one. They are
watched by the Chamber, and the Gov
.ernment cannot do just «s it would like —
although— well, no matter. • • • But,
think of women who pretend to be Chris
lions, and who will not allow a minister
of religion to enter their door! I am told
they are going to admit Protestants and
Jewesses: Woulii you like to know what
Is my opinion of feminists?"
"They are crazy," said Quignonnet.
"Just imagine a Sainte-Parade intrusting
her interests to a man like Michel!"
"They are anarchists." continued Minot.
"and more dangerous than anarchists
with bombs, for tnpy are bring up pupils
who will destroy something more Import
ant than a house on a boulevard. They
will overthrow marriage, the family, so
ciety. It is a school of rank anarchy!
You will see! It's your dMty. you who
govern the district, either to shut up
that building or to exercise your author
ity over it."
"Bravo, Abb**!" cried Quignonnet.
But Jude Duramberty shook his head:—
"It's easier to talk of shutting up or
contrplling a school than it is to do It.
In the first place, we have no power to
do either legally, and even it we succeed
ed in the roundabout way, we should
have all the supporters of the school, the
parents of the pupils, against us."
"The pupils are almost all orphans."
"Not all. There were many In the first
batch. I know; but those who enter next
year have fathers and mothers."
"Well, what are we to do?" asked Quig
nonnet. "We cannot allow the municipal
schools to be depopulated for the benefit
of those spendthrifts."
"I have some reason to believe that
financial embarrassment will trouble them,
very soon," replied Duramberty. "We
might seek some information on this
point. Try to find out, Quignonnet, what
stock Michel is speculating In now! I am
told that he has risked a lot of capital In
an ' American wheat trust. That looks Ilk©
madness to me!"
"I will find out."
"Then we must make a campaign to de
fend our schools. Have you a newspaper
at your disposition. Abbe?"
"Yes, I have the Semaine de St. Charles.
It's not a bad little sheet. We could pub
lish an article or two in it that would ba
reproduced by the Important dailies."
"Articles about our schools?"
"Xo. Preferably about theirs. I should
have* begun In the Semaine long ago ha<l
It not been that I did not wish to di.^pleasa
M. Ju<le. But you may rely upon me! And
in addition to the articles we can talk."
"Talk?"
; "Certainly: say amonsr friends what wo
think about the school anil Its tendencies.
I know some little annuitants at St.
Charles' who are not very anxious to sea
a hotbed of anarchy thriving In this dis
trict."
"Not only of anarchy, but of co?m°polt
tanism." added Quignonnet. "Those wom
en came from every part of the globe.
There is a Hungarian, an Irish woman
and an English woman. They belong to>
every nationality."
"You are right." cried tho Abb**; "surh,
a school is both anti-natriotic and anti
social. Ah.' there I have a title for my ar
ticle in the Somnint*." he added, spe-akin?
tn himself. " "An Anti-Patriotic spd Anti
social School. A So-called Feminist l*n
dertakincr.' Ah! feminism! I'll talk about
It to the children nt the catechism on per
severance before their mothers. I'll scara
the life out of them!"
Duramberty and Quignonnet began to
laugh.
"All the same," continued the Abh<». ris
ing and brushing his three-cornered hat
with his sleeve, "there are raar.y thine?*
that we might borrow from the pro
gramme of thost? lunatics. The day that
religion animates their ideas you will sea
a magnificent school! That's what I sny
to the good Sisters; they are so horrihly
hliiebotind! By the way. it's time I went!
They have been waiting for me at th-->
Sacred Blood for three-fjarter3 of an>
hour!"
He took leave of them.
"Good day. Minot," said Duramberty.
Quignonnet went with tho Abbe as far
as the door and whispered:
"It's a bargain, isn't it? I rely upon
you."
The Deputy Mayor and Durnmberty
talked for a little while longer about cur
rent municipal affairs. When tho regia
' ters had been closed and everything put
In orderQuignonnet walked with tha
manufacturer as far as his workshops.
"Do you know Michel, Quignonnet?"
asked Duramberty.
"We have been brought together two or
three times in business affairs. He la
very intelligent, but he must have some
vices, for he makes plenty of money and
yet becomes no richer. His colleague is .<.
notary in Levallols who enjoys a rather
shady reputation. The rumftr got about
last year that the notary had absconded.
It wasn't true, but his clients who bad
deposited money with him had a frightful
shock."
"I had a talk with him," said Duram
berty, "the first time that I saw Mile. d>>
Sainte-Parade, when he drew up the draft
of the contract for the transfer of my
land. He seemed to me rather smart.
though timid."
"Yes-, the timidity of somo one who
dreads an allusion to his past:"
"Well. I don't know. I had an Inquiry
made at that t!m<> as to the way he had
protected Sainte-Parade'a Interests. Therti
wasn't a single irregularity to be discov
ered. He haJ displayed a mad reckless
ness. I must admit. She escaped by a
miracle! But if he were to advise her
now to throw her mon^y into the Seine ti>
fe«»d tho fishes she wouid do it."
"That's just what I have heard. He ha 3
been very honest with her. It's inex
plicable!" _
The two men turned into the Rue dcs
Vergers. A few steps more and they were
at the door of the workshop. Just as they
arrived then» two little "Arts" came out
of the neighboring school.
"They are very pretty!" murmurcl
Quignonnet.
"Yes. Thf-y will make fierce competi
tors for thf» men when they become de
signers glazers, printers, and so on!'
"It la already difficult for a man to earn
a living " added Durnmberty. thought
fully. "Feminism is criminal. It ?imp!V
doubles th^ number of candidates without
doubling the number of situations. It is
a multiplication of poverty."
"Bah:" retorted tjuignonnet; I don t
believe In the rivalry between men ana
women. Women will always be tndlfTer
ent workers. You must surely have seen
that at the factory, M. Jude. A woman tn
the same* workshop never does more than
three-quarters the amount of work of a
man." . . _ „
"The women of to-day, perhaps. But
what of those *>f to-morrow, differently
brought up. trained from their cnildhoo.t
for the struggle, like those little red
sashed creatures? Who knows what they
will be able to do? When the two Surier*
were in my service each one was the equal
of a very good workman."
"It may be so," added Quignonnet.
hanging his head. "If it Is so. «r> much
the worse for the women. Th^ day they
begin to interfere with men In their work;
the men will simply turn upon them with
their fists. That it* certain."
"You are right." repli.-tl Duramberty.
"The first tools with which women who>
pose as rivals and adversaries of men
ought to be provided are muscles aa
strong as men's."
They shook hands and separated.
Quignonnet had only gone a few stcpa in
the Rue dcs Versers when Duramberty
mlTfd after him and iolned him.
(Continued next Sunday.)
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"(Jet the affair for me. my clear Jean Francois."
\ JL a ' n tr , Iu »P»»eil completely, and this
t .m for atloag while, at the municipal
elections of ism, with a programme re
putedly drawn up on a business basis.
The fclstotiaa should take note of the
Prtacipal clause of this progratnmc-tlie
FC..00, mau-rini of the district was to be
bnted sratuitously to both religious
.'¦-".'¦^^'?E T !s V In for this con
, '.? ' * he t'cneals pave the majority to
the rallied" socialists, whom the major
-y of the party disdainfully denominate
bji 1. 10 traitors." This contract between
rne latter and the clericals was christened
rhc Compact of St. Charles." under
wh.ch name the socialist leaders have
more than once denounced it with indig
nation.
Thus in 1SDS. on the eve of the great
exposition which was to close the cen
tury, this laboring community was gov
erned by a co-callfd socialist municipal
ity, the Mayor Annuetin. a former foreman
fr.jri!iecT,in Houston's factory, but now
master of a fitter's workshop in the Rue
L&cordalre; the assistants Quljrnonnet, a
f-tock broker and commission agent.
Whose services were principally employed
bjr tho numtroui rr'.ipious establishment*,
schools and hospitals of the town, and
Duvert. head of a very unprospcrous
v.-allpaper manufactory, which he hoped
to eell to Durambertv. The broker Quig
nonnot. the first Deputy Mayor, was the
link between the municipality and the
clerical minority, amounting to about a
third of the Councilors. No one could
have told what were his political opin
ions, ar.d he had always succeeded in
avoiding any explanation on the subject
Anquotin. a moody individual, devoured
Vy ambition, aspired to succeed Rrmblart.
who was inclined to be apoplectic, ps
Deputy In the Chamber. As for Duvert.
bound hard and foot to M. Duramberty.
who had taken up more than 50 .too francs
of his paper. aU his adversaries declared
him to be simply a man of straw, behind
whom the big manufacturer of the Rue
des Vergers concealed his political pro
jects.
Anquetin, Duvert and the wh<Me of the
f o-cailed socialist party, although repudi
ated by the acknowledged chiefs, Jaures.
Vivian! and Millerand. walked hand In
hand with avowed clericals such as the
Aiglons. an old family that had given
many of Its members to the bench; M. de
Lesparre. & retired cavalry colonel; the
Abbe Minot. the first curate pf St. Charles
Church, and all the little retired citizens.
M- Duraxnberty, who had never attempt
ed to be anything other than a Municipal
Councillor, was considered to belong to
the Anquetln party, but his great fortune
and his authoritative manner earned for
him the sympathies of the church. He had
gtxen large sums of money to the religious
schools upon several occasions. It must
bo admitted that he had redeemed him
¦d& so to e"peak, by presenting a larger
amount to the municipal schools each
time. Thanks to these liberalities, the
church pardoned him for his Indiffer
ence about his religious duties and for
being a member cf the Grand Sphinx
Masonic Lodge, where, as a matter of
fact, he never set foot any more than he
ever attended mass.
The. church Is represented In the suburb
cf Sl Charles, in addition to the parish
church, by a number of chapels, convents
and religious organizations, out of all pro
portion with the size of the place; the
Convent of the Sisters of .Calvary, In the
Hue Dclormel; the Redemptionlsts, In the
Kue Pujol; a hospital for sick children
tnd the Sisterhood of the Sacred Blood,
I:, the Rue Lacordaire. These Catholic
f rcc-s were quite independent of one an
• : her and took no share lp politics until
the arrival of the Abbe Minot. the first
curate of the parish. This priest <Je
t-<-rves to be described In detail.
Jean Francois Mario Minot, the son of
ruarket gardeners In the environs of
Louveciennes, was born In 1S62. His
mother suffered from cancer, and being
rolipiously inclined, owing to the impos
sibility of curing it, had always intended
him for the priesthood. He accomplished
the several stages of the ecclesiastical
profession faithfully and uneventfully;
| left the little seminary at Orleans to study
::: the big seminary at Versailles; 6erved
the church in the neighborhood of Paris,
ur.d finally became the third-rate curate
at St. Francois Xavier's. In the seventh
trrondissement of the capital. Totally
unknown until that moment, he coon made
himself a power in the aristocratic circles
of his new parish, though there was noth
ing aristocratic about his manner. He af
fected a simplicity of dresa that was in
Ftrlking contrast with the care devoted to
this detail by several of his colleagues.
His manner was polite, without being ser
vile. His strong features, rudely carved,
like a. sort of Japanese war mask, upon
which the skin was always red from the
Irritation of the razor, so harsh was his
growth cf beard; his black, tangled hair,
his great, clumsy hands and big feet be
trayed his peasant origin, of which, in
fact, he boasted. He preached the Lenten
pennons in 1K4 without making any sen
sation. Yet, In spite cf this absence of
attractive appearance and brilliant tal
ents, he exercised over his parishioners,
his colleagues, and even over several of his
eupericrs. the authority always felt by the
feeble and undecided when In the presence
cf anapparently firm will of determination
end lucidity of thought united to an Irre
proachable life. People felt that Jean
Francois Minct was absolutely disinter
ested and devoid of ambition! but ready
to do anything, to suffer anything, for
the greater prosperity of the church.
This temperament, frequent enough In
some of the religious orders. Is much less
common among the members of the secu
laxtflergy. particularly in Paris. It Is not
popular there. Minot's indefatigable act
ivity seemed a perpetual reproach to many
cf his colleagues for their idleness. As this
activity spent itself outside his religious
duties and for the furtherance of the ma
terial Interests bf his church it offered
en easy mark for criticism. In addition,
belr.g very Independent In character. Ml-
not r.erer sought advice about tho steps
he might think necessary to take. He was
teen aX the Department of Religious Wor
fchip. at the City Hall, at the various. Gov
ernmental ministries, at the bankers', a
tireless beggar knocking at every door,
eeeking help from every purse, obtaining
astonishing results at the price of a few
rebuffs, which he disdained. It was ha
who founded near St. Francis Xavier's
t hospital for domestic 6cr\-ants, provid
ing the necessary capital and carrying on
the undertaking with an extraordinary
talcr.t for management. The accusation
tecrctly made against him, at first in ec
clesiastical circles, of being an intriguer.
finally became a rumor so persistent and
t>0 unmistakable that the Archbishop was
moved to act upon it. The Abbe Minot
was transferred without being consulted,
and promoted to the post of lirst curate of
the parish chuch of St. Charles. In thus
exiling him to a labonng district his short
cighted superiors aspired to remove from
his path all material for the utilization of
an activity that alarmed them. Jc.anFran
cois accepted his new post without mur
muring: and began to study the place and
IE people before he was properly cstab
;he<L
A few days sufficed for him to make
mffelf familiar with the political condi- •
ana obtaining In the parish. A homo
¦n'.ous .and' relentlessly socialistic mu
cipality had been returned at the last
ectlon, a municipality that refused to
ake Buy concession to the clerical party.
lie reactionary' body was disorganized.
iie abbe reunited the fragments of the
rmer coalition, undertook the duty of ;
Irginjr them together again in a soli-1
nek, and succeeded so well that the en
¦« list of candidates accepting the com
ict of St. Charles was elected *n 189C.
inot could have claimed with justice :
at he had won the victory, but he was
ee from vanity and cared nothing for :
ory. He worked for the sake of worlt
p. intrigued for the sake o! intriguing, i
ith the disinterested infallibility of in- :
inct. The various groups that he had !
.^united so cleverly were almost unaware ;
of his influence. They believed him to be i
merely the Instrument wielded by power- '.
ful hands. As a matter of fact he acted <
entirely upon his own initiative. M. de t
Lesparre and the Alglons, the leaders of
the clerical party, quickly fell Into his
hands. As for the Vicar, the Abbe Du
bcurdicr, a venerable priest of C 5, en
¦ feeb!e<i by a chronic malady of the larynx,
¦ a. man of seraphic piety and of tireless
: charity, he thought himself lucky to find
fuch an intelligent, upright and active
coadjutor.
The rout of the socialist party pure and
simple at St. Charles was. complete at the
moment when the events occurred that
are about to be related. It had no lead
trs. it had not even a name. The clever
and honest administration of the munici
pal funds was above criticism. Anquetin
and Duramberty enjoyed the sympathy of
all. The reactionary party, satisfied with
having six of their members in the Muni
cipal Council and with having excluded
from It the enemies who had dominated
them so long, proclaimed the perfect mor
ality of the compact. The Republicans
"What does it matter if there be
six clericals in the Council, since they do
everything that we want and the majority
is in cur hands.? We shall not let them
confiscate us." ' As for the voice of the
opposition, dispersed and leaderless, it
could not make itself henrd.
In the course of the year ISP7 a fairly
large vacant plat of land belonging to M.
Jude Durambcrty and contiguous to his
factories was acquired by a certain Mile,
de Sainte-Parade for the purpose of erect
in? there a professional school for girls.
Mile, cie Sainte-Parade, a woman of good
family, originally from the Gers, was
about Zo years of age. Paralyzed in the
legs, she was carried about in an arm
chair whenever t<he wis-licd to go any
where. She was rich. In addition to tho
house in the Rue de Grenelle. In Paris,
that she inhabited alone with her ser
vant? and a nun who nursed her, she pos
sessed property in tho environs of Con
dom as well as considerable capital. The
Abbe Minot. who had been her religious
director when he was attached to the
Church of St. Francois Xavier, assured
people that she had greatly added to her
fortune by speculating on the Bourse un
der the guidance and advice of a broker
named Michel, a man devoted to the
clergy.
Ml!e. de Sainte-Parade's scholastic un
dertaking aroused much curiosity. It was
one of the first attempts at feminism
that had appeared in the midst of the
numerous schools in St. Charles. Mile.
de SaJnte-Parade was assisted by a gen
eral staff of ladles who negotiated lor the
acquirement of the ground and directed
the work of building and organizing the
school, without any masculine help. This
general staff was net composed solely of
ridiculous, old and ugly women, a re
proach so often addressed to feminist
groups. The foundress was assisted by
several fairly attractive auxiliaries— Mile.
Heurteau, a former public schoolteacher;
the two "little Suriers." Loa and Frede
rique, two girls of 13 and 2*, respectively,
who had both been employed in Duram
berty's workshops formerly and had left
suddenly, according to some because they
had refused to bow to M. Duramberty's
demands. The two young girls were re
markably beautiful, Frederique, the elder,
being a brunette with a pale complexion,
dark eyes and clearly cut features, and
Lea. the younger, more delicate and senti
mental in appearance, prettier in the
meaning ordinarily attached to the word,
with blue eyes and nut brown hair the
rich color of pale bronze. Among the
"pretty ones" were also Included Mile.
Duyvecke Hespcl, a stout Fleming, with
milk white flesh and flaxen hair, a former
pupil at the Normal School at Sevres;
Ge.rmaine Soubize, a certificated nurse, a
little red haired prirl whose alluringly ugly
freckled face and animated bearing whet
ted men's licentious appetites.
Some of the others, less attractive to the
sight, were christened without any cere
mony "the monsters." Mile, de Sainte-
Parade, with her immense head and
shriveled, deformed .body, her shrill voice
and Fkin like wrinkled parchment, was
classed among the monsters. Anothermon
rter was Daisy Craggs, an Irish woman of
about 40 years of age with a kindly, rosy
cheeked face, the face of an old baby,
crowned with locks of hair of an unde
cided fihade. lying midway between gray
and hemp color. Three assistants, who
were seen walking about with the pupils,
were equally lacking in either beauty or
grace. And, finally, one of the feminine
personages who most interested the town
was not classed either among the "pretty
ones" or among "the monsters."
She was a little woman, apparently an
Invalid, with thin black hair. Her face,
pale as a wafer, haggard, and, so to
j?peak, transparent, was lit up by the blu
ish tyght of her eyes, by a regard of ex
traordinary power and magnetism. With
out being deformed, she had the figure
and bearing of what the common people
characterized by the picturesque term, "a
bad attempt at a hunchback." Her name
had' a foreign ring— Romaine Pirnitz.
Rightly or wrongly, the occult influence
that guided the enterprise was attributed
to her, although she bore no official title.
Those who met her once' never forgot her.
Her eyes seemed to emit the sympathy in
spiring flame that is the secret power of
seducers of souls, of apostles. Her elo
quence had been a proverb in St. Charles
from the day of the school's Inauguration,
when she made a speech that contained
the programme of the new education. The
words she uttered upon that occasion re
mained engraved In the memory of all
who heard her. Without obscurity, with
out exaggeration, she explained to the
public assembled In the big hall of the
building— a mixed public of novelty seek
ers, journalists, politicians and society
people— that they were not going merely
to teach the daughters of the poor to
spell, to teach them a' little arithmetic,
how to sew, ornamental drawing and the
rudiments of the industrial arts. They
were also going to lay the bases for the
complete education of women by woman,
to create a seminary for young girls who
should be veritably moral and capable of
providing for their own needs without be
ing obliged to rely upon men at a period
¦when in Franco, as in America and Eng
land, celibacy Is a cruel social necessity
for many of them.
" All these Ideas were expressed with such
clearness and facility and with such con
vincing warmth that they had not ap
peared at all subversive. On the con
trary, they resembled the reasonable ex-*
presslon of average common-sense. Hum
ble and uninfluential though it pleased
her to appear, Romaine Pirnitz remained
in the minds of her listeners as the ln
eiiircr and soul of the School of Arts for
Women.
The official management was In the
hands of Mile. Heurteau, assisted by
Frederique Surier. As for Mile de Sainte-
Parade, M. Duramberty, who had met
her to discuss with her the transfer of the
plat cf land, de-clarcdthat she was an old
lunatic ruled in turn by priests, stock
holders and the Utopists of feminism.
This transfer had been made under
somewhat rare conditions. M. Duram
berty, wishing, co he said, to help a gen
erous enterprise, had not asked for any
ready money. The school would have no
rent to pay for twenty years. If It should
exist on the same spot at the end of that
period the foundresses could buy the
¦ground at a price to be fixed according to
the value of the surrounding property,
without paying anything for thetr twenty
years' tenancy. If. on the contrary, the
enterprise should fall for any reason, or
if the foundresses should leave it, M.
Duramberty was to recover his property
and the buildings were to pass Into his
possession without any compensation from
him being due. In order that the purchase
of the land in twenty years might be at
least partially guaranteed, the manage
ment of tho school deposited 300,000 francs
In the Bank of France as security, though
the Echool drew the entire amount of the
Interest upon this sum.
The School of Arts for Women had the
good fortune to be well received, not only
in the Buburb,- but also in the whole of
Paris. The Illustrated papers published
photograph* of the buildings and the por
traits of Mile, de Sainte-Parade and Mile.
Heurteau. Leader writers strung togeth
er commonplaces upon the feminist ques
tion and revealed by their very articles
: that they were totally Ignorant of the
subject. Then Paris began to think of
something else, to talk and write about
other things, and the School of Arts for
, Women aroused no further Interest ex
¦ cept in the corner of the suburb where it
was built. Its opening period was en
couraging. The shopkeepers of the quar
ter smiled amiably upon their new cus
tomers. Every Sunday about thirty
pupils, aged from 10 to 16, and accompan
ied by one of the lady professors, gravely
attended mass at the parish church. The
Abbe Minot was on good terms with the
directresses of the school. It was said
at the town hall that M. Durambarty
had given his land and had founded a
scholarship in the establishment. His in
terest in it was said to be due principally
to Mile. Frederique Surier, whom he had
pursued with his attentions—whether suc
cessfully or not public opinion was di
vided. Naturally, the school, which was
a formidable rival, was not regarded with
a friendly eye by the official school party,
the primary teachers and the directors of
industrial Instruction. However, as it
was recognized by tho State — for the in
auguration ceremony had been presided
over by a delegate from the Ministry of
Public Instruction— no one dared display
any open hostility. The Compact of St.
Charles had proclaimed an armistice be
tween state r.ml unofficial education. Be
isides, the directress cf the school, Mile.
Heurteau, was a. university graduate pro
vided . with all the necessary diplomas.
What more could be asked?
After the brilliant inauguration the fem
inist work appeared to have Undertaken
the task of making people forget its ex
istence. There was not much, traitic in the
Rue dcs Verger?, in which was the prin
cipal gate of the anterior courtyard. When
this gAte opened the rare passers-by could
see hojv well kept were the buildings, how
clean were the courtyards and 'what or
der reigned everywhere. In the evening
the windows, brilliantly lighted with elec
trie light, even eclipsed those of the Dur
amberty workshop^ The little pupils,
neatly dressed in black, with red cash
mere rashes, were met in the neighbor
hood and always without governesse'ssave
when -they were in great number. They
were only llttlo Parisian daughters of the
people carefully recruited. But childhood
is so malleable and so impressionable to
new ideas that the bearing of the little
"Arts," a* the public called them, soon
became or.p cf distinction. .They displayed
an amusing air of intelligence, decision
and independence. 'Three of them did the
marketing every morning, at first accom
panied by a teacher, but later alone. Very
soon the.y did all the ordinary shopping
of the school. Classical afternoon per
formances having been arranged at the
theater of Grenelle. a score of the little
"Arts' attended them on Sundays and
Thursdays, so digniiied, attentive and with
such a natural grace that even the sar
castic sallies of the gallery gods were
spared them. When spring reanimated
life in the country groups of little "Arts"
joyously escaped 'from the school in the
care of a mistress and rambled about the
suburbs with entomologists' boxes slung
over their shoulders. At the end of every
term the notabilities of the town were in
vited to attend a dramatic and musical
evening given in a big hall.
The programme was not extraordinary,
but merely to enter the school was suffi
cient to prove that a very radical change
of educational method was followed. Its
effects were manifest In the bearing of
the pupils, left to themselves free from
supervision, and who looked their mis
tresses and the public frankly In the face
and recited distinctly and without embar
rassment or timidity. It was admitted
that the little "Arts" were amusing and
pretty, and that they were very wide
awake. tii'Yr
This complete agreement between the
school and the social forces of the town
still existed at the end of the first schol
tlc year. An experienced philosopher
would have been surprised that It lasted
fo long. It was Impossible that the.es
sence of the work undertaken by Romaine
Pirnitz and her collaboratrcsses could be
assimilated in the existing spirit of a
Paris faubourg. In the first place the
Parisian population is not to be easily
persuaded that a union of women from
which men are excluded can organize and
carry out a serious and durable enterprise.
Woman in Paris is an article of luxury,
of debauch, or simply of the household.
Any effort to open jjp other functions for
her is looked upon as revolutionary or
ridiculous. The school In the Rue dcs
Vergers escaped banter by a miracle when
it was founded, but it was closely watched
hy the philistine mind, irritated by this
feminine rebellion, and also by the ironical
multitude to whom feminism is a variety
of masquerade.
As for the social forces, properly speak
ing — that is, the church, the municipal
ity and. the official schools, the first two,
at any rate, could have assuredly lived
upon peaceful terms with Pirnltz's work
on the condition, however, that they could
use it and that they cpuld dominate It.
The Compact of St. Charles was not a
programme of tolerance; It was an offen
sive alliance and a menace to all those
who did not participate in It. A free
school that did not subscribe to the com
pact was at once suspicious to the cleri
cals and to the municipality, for being
independent it could inaugurate or rein
force the opposition any day. As for the
official school party, which accepted, the
conditions of the compact and the equality
of treatment accorded to religious estab
lishments with much Impatience, It was
soon Irritated by a competition that was
not even under the safeguard of the mu
nicipality.
The Instincts of the crowd and- political
interests were, therefore, entering into a
coalition against the expansion of the
work. Undertakings can resist and tri
umph over such coalitions. The founda
tion of the Institut Pasteur, so opposed
and finally victorious, is a proof of this.
But they have to be supported by power
ful adherents and above all by Inexhaus
tible financial resources. The feminist ,
party, although so solid In other coun
tries, has no appreciable strength in Paris
as yet. # The financial question, therefore,
was one of life and death for tho School
of Arts for Women.
CHAPITER 11.
One afternoon in June, toward the end
of the scholastic year of 1838, the Deputy
Mayor of St. Charles, Quignonnet, was
seated before the massive mahogany desk
of his office In the town hall verifying the
accounts for some repairs that had re
cently been executed at the municipal fire
engine station, when an unllveried office
boy half opened the door.
Quignonnet, who was just finishing add
ing up a column qf figures, made a sign
.with his hand for him to wait. When he
had written the total he raised his head—
a little, lean, sandy head, crowned with
sparse hair, with a bushy mustache cut
level with the line of the lips. He spoke
with a little lisp, as though the words
found their way with difficulty out of hi 3
narrow mouth. In which the protruding
teeth were all awry.
"What is the matter, Bonnault?"
"The Abbe Mlnot wishes to speak to
you, sir."
"Very good: show him in."
Without closing the door the boy with
drew and returned In a few moments fol
lowed by the priest.
Jean Francois Mlnot advanced familiar
ly, his battered, -weather-beaten three
cornered hat under Hi* arm, his short cas
sock disclosing his stoutly soled shoes,
with their steel buckles. Pearls of per
spiration were standing upon his farmer's
face, above the skin reddened by the cor
rosive action of the razor. He held out
his large hand to Quignonnet. who gave
h!m two fingers with precaution, one of
tho Abbe's amusements being to squeeze
in his huge paw the stockbroker's thin
"Good-day! Gravedlgger!"
Minot appreciated a joke and often made
one. Between Quignonnet and the Abbe a
Joke consisted above all in exchanging in
sulting epithets aimed at their respective
callings. «•>'¦'•
"How hot it Is," sighed the priest, alt- :
tin*? down, without waiting to be asked,
and wiping his forehead with a big white
handkerchief, of which the broad hem
and the mark In red cotton could be seen
a long distance away. The atmosphere of
the room, really stifling In such canicular
temperature, was heavy with the human
odor peculiar to red-haired people. It was
almost unbreathable, although a large
glazed door leading Into the garden was
wide open. But the garden Itself was ab
solutely without shade except for a lit
tle arbor at the end.
¦ The Abbe passed his finger between his
neck and bands In order to get a little air.
"You are only a packet of bones and
tanned hide," he continued, "and you are
as comfortable here as a dried codlish,
but I perspire abnormally. 1 am so fat!
bo fat!"
"You people at the parsonage eat too
much," replied Quignonnet, laying down
his pen. "If you had only the salary of a
Deputy Mayor to live upon you wouldn't
get so fat. What brings you here?"
Mniot looked at him without sneaking.
All the muscles of hia lips, of his eyes,
of his forehead united in a smilo that he
did his utmost to render coaxing.
"I should like"— he began, and then
"You know very well."
"Jf you want some more money for your
filthy; religious shanties," the Deputy
Mayor said, roughly, "you may as well
shake the dust of this place off your feet
on the other side of the door straight
away. There baa been nothing but your
name in the budget for about a year.
What a gulf, great heaven! Don't you Re
alize that you will end by provoking 1 a
.serious attack upon us? Duvert is in the
confidence of' Fredal, the public school
teacher, and of Mme. Ribaut, the direct
ress of the professional school for girls,
and he tells me they are beginning to
complain about us on the quiet."
"Duvert?" replied the Abbe calmly.
"Duvert doesn't care a rap for Fredal,
Ribaut or any of us. lie has two daugh
ters who go to school to the Sisters of
the Sacred Blood and a son who Is study
ing with the fathers In Vaugirard. He
knows what your schools are worth, you
old 6 per cent!"
"That may be. Duvert brings up his
children according to his own ideas, but
from refusing to give another sou to your
schools this year. You may take my
word for It." "\1
Mlnot took a pastille put of the pocket
of his cassock and began to suck it nois
ily. QuignonnQt watched him, grinning.
"Well, and how are we going to provide
our prizes?" asked the Abbe. "We have
two girls' schools, one for boys, a hospital
for sick children and a nursery, all of
v.hlch require something to make the end
of the year a little more cheerful. What
are we going to do it with? Eh?"
He had lost all his jovial manner and
genuine anxiety darkened his peasant's
face.
"Ah! Blessed Virgin:" he continued,
thumping the black of the seat upon
which he was sitting with his fist.
"You have already received more than
two thousand francs for unforeseen ex
penses," returned" the deputy, "under the
pretext tbat they were needed for the dis
tribution of prizes. Have they already
been swallowea up? If they have, It Is
not astonishing that you're bo fat!"
"Two thousand francs!" grumbled the
Abbe, they have already gone— gone
very far! What am I to do for my new
nursery in the Rue Delormel? Why.
there are a hundred mouths there that
seem to eat money, although there Isn't
a tooth in one ofjthem! And to think that
you are so miserly with us because that
idiot of a Duvert has repeated a lot of
gossip to you! However, that's your own
affair. I'm going to lay the situation be
fore M. de Lesparre and our committee of
patrons. They may judge for themselves
whether you are keeping to the compact
we made when we elected you. After all,
what does It matter to me, personally?
I shall send in my report and wash my
hands of the whole affair."
He rose as he spoke and picked up his
three cornered hat.
"Well, I'm going."
Qulgnonnefs face lost Its mocking
smile. '"¦':-{ :'-,:
"Sit down, sit down! What a vile tem
per you have! After all, we get along
very well together, don't we? Only I
can't do everything. I haven't Roth
schilds' bank at my back! Speaking can
didly, you ought to draw a little on your
parishioners. It's their turn."
' Mlnot let Quignonnet finish his phrase
without- interruption, his face remaining
unmoved. The Deputy Mayor arose.
"Let us go and smoke a cigarette iii the
summer-house. We can talk more at our
ease there."
The proposition was probably dictated
by a little malice, but the Abbe accepted
it for all that, in spite of the tropical as
pect of the garden.
They went and sat down in the arbor
erected at the corner of the boundary
wall. The Deputy Mayor offered a cigar
ette to the Abbe.
"You understand," lisped Quignonnet.
after he had puffed for a few seconds,
"I am quite willing to do all I can for you.
I know very well you don't put the money
in your pocket. Only I am not free.
Anquetin doesn't like priests. He is jeal
ous of them, and at our lasf meeting he
said that your schools cost too much."
"Anquetin said that?"
"Yes, Anquetin himself. He cited in
comparison with yours the one of the lit
tle 'Arts.' which pays for Itself.- and asks
for nothing from the district— nothing
even from the state. Why, would you bo
lievo it, they have even refused the mu
nicipal subvention actually dve 1 to them,
according to the compact for prizes and
material?"
"No, is that so?" said Mlnot. thought
fully. "They refused it, did they? Those
women are evidently rich. They are play
ing the disdainful. Ah! they have man
aged to entangle poor Sainte-Parade."
"They are your friends," said Qulg
• nonnet.
"My friends!" muttered the Abbe, blow
ing out his smoke angrily; "they are a lot
of stuck-up blockheads! They have only
one idea, that is to walk without leading
strings, as thpugh they were grown up
people, although they are as ignorant of
practical lite as a novice in a convent.
They think I am stupid. They try to
soften me, to wheedle me, and then they
shut the door Inmy^face when I try to ;
show an interest in the affairs of the
school. I don't say anything, but I under
stand very clearly. Those who are not
with us are against us. Do you know who
it was who said that, you old manufac
turer of forged I. O. U.s?"
He slapped the Deputy Mayor on his
bony knee, causing him to Jump and make
a grimace.
"You don't know? Well, it was Our
Lord Jesus Christ, my Master."
There was a moment of silence. Then
Mlnot asked, slyly: "Are you people at
the town hall on good terms with the lit
tle 'Arts'?"
"Oh, Duramberty seems to take an In
terest in them. You know what people
"People say— people say! The truth is
that Duramberty is led by the nose. Just
as I am; and yet, in spite of the advances
he has made to that girl— you know whom
I mean— they will not let him even set
foot in the school!"
"H'm," replied Quignonnet, doubtfully.
"He gave his land free and has founded a
scholarship. He is not the man to spend
his money ror mere wind. Still, I have an
idea that matters have not been going
very much to his liking between him and
those women of- late."
He stopped, longing for. the Abbe to
question him, but the Abbe pretended to
take no interest In the matter. Throwing
away the stump of his cigarette, he arose.
"Well, good day," he said, carelessly.
"Are you in a hurry?".
"I have an appointment at the Convent
of the Sacred Blood, The Sisters want to
enlarge their establishment— to buy an
other site or enter into negotiations with
the proprietors of the neighboring prop
erty. In fact, they are considering a
pretty big project. Good day."
7block. So its mamma, herself, who puts
the scrramlng. rebellious youngster into
the tub. and after a tussle, baby comes
out of th© suds as red as a lobster and
cross as a littla bear.
For the benefit of mothers who give
baby's bath with resignation and regret,
the accompanying photographs were
taken. Through the courtesy of the man
ap-er cf the Children's Hospital, one of
the trained nurses bathed a baby before
c. Call camera.
Bfiby Lillis. with the unconsciousness
cf her - two weeks on earth, submitted
gracefully to the bath. Rolled in a downy
¦white blanket, ehe cuddled in Nurse Per
kins" lap and gurgled in baby-argot. First
the tiny mouth, then the nose set on like
a button, and lastly the blinking eyes are
Trashed.
80 deftly ar.d gently does the nurse do
this that baby's serenity Is not ruffled. A
bit of medicated cotton, soaked in boracic
acid. Is wound around the finger to wash
mouth, nose and eyes.
Then the head must b© sponged. For
babies of the fender age of Baby Lillis,
Instead cf a sponge, a piece of the cotton
'.m used for a washrag. With this baby's
pate is rinsed several timra.
Now tha baby la ready Xor tne tub. She
pees in tvithout a murmur. Baby Lillis
had had a poap bath the day before, so
to-dcy her »<ath is clear water, neither
too hot nor too cold. When such young
babies are bathed with soap the soapsuds
are put on before the baby is put Into the
tub.
A moment or two in the tub Is sufficient,
ar.d then baby is ready to come out. In-
Ftrsd of irritating her delicate skin by
nibbing it with a rough towel, the baby is
simply rolled in a soft towel to dry.
A bath for an older baby is given on'
practically the same prinicples. The tub,
tables nnd chalT are arranged in the same
convenient manner. The cotton-wrapped
finger is dipped into boracic acid and the
mouth, eyes and nose washed.
The head is next sponged, but the older
baby has graduated to the dignity of a
real sponge, instead of the piece of cot
ton.
By right of its added months the older,
baby is allowed to splash in the tub for a^
losiger period. By might of Its thicker*
skin it is treated to a gentle rubbing in.
the soft Turkish towel. ,
The room in which baby is given. it%
bath should net be heated to stuffiness,
but croup-laden draughts of air must be
avoided. The water, while warmer thai*
tep!d. is not hot. j
Apropos of the bath may be mentioned
the modern baby'» garment* If •-<•>
TLLLKTrtfiTEn RV -NUR^E PEfIrtTNS
nF 3 HE Now Baby I? cnjoy'r.s a more
I complete emancipation than the New
ii Woman. The up-to-date baby wears
corntnon-KjJse clothes and is rnan
ere<s In a ccauacn-scxise way. Perhaps
tno most important and trying event in
i>sr->'s day is the bath. Or rather It Is
Ftill the mest important, and was tho
most ¦ trying, for modern methods have
changed the torture-scrub i»:to a pleasure.
i'ommon ycr.se In the baby's bath, like
the quality of rocrcy, "is twice blessed."
It Hc«"s her that gives and her that
tnkes. The fcaby docs not yell and kick,
and nurse docs net lese her temper. In
dircriiy its influence is benlsn and salu
tary upon the tempers of all the house
hold.
Th<"-r? is a correct rind incorrect way of
Tcathir:g child re::. lr. the modern school^
for nurses tho most minute attention is
raid to the bath lessons. The nurses aro
taupht to bathe babies according to scl
cntiSc methods'.
Unfortunately every "poor, dear mam
ma" canr.ot afford to have a trained
r.urpe for her "dariing." She will not
trust the "Tillie Slowboy" who. for $2 a
week, rolls the carriage up and down the
THE SUNDAY CALL.
lfke mummies In the delusion that WrdiTig
down llmba assisted growth. Germans
still adjust their babies softly to a pillow.
But the young American Is allowed tha
liberty of every muscle. No pinned or
muffled legs for thia little son of freedom,
if you please!
Among the exploded patriarchal tenets
is the fallacy that flannel should be kept
next to the skin all the year round, irre
spective of the weather.* Overheating is a
danger that has been sadly underestimat
ed. Regulate the clothing by the ther
mometer and do not by irritating woolen
contact torture and weaken the little body
already broken out with heat. Children
with the least teething: and bowel trouble
arc generally found to be those who are
clothed according to the temperature.
Bagging the baby-lf It 13 too \-oun* to
realize the possible. Ignominy— has been
found a practical device for an emer
gency outing, if there is no time to strug
gle with buttons and mittens and coat
sleeves, or the little creature is too ner
vous or 111. For at best getting a child
ready is a tryin«r ordeal.
A big bag of elder cloth or other soft,
warm material is supplied with drawing
strings of ribbon. Into this cozy pouch
the small person Is popped, arms. bo3y.
leys, everything but tho head. The rib
bons are drawn snugly under the chin.
A cap, with a frill to protect the eyes.
Bands or binders are emphatically con
demned. Warmth should not be supplied
in strips and sections, and the normal
child needs no support. If ever they are
required in peculiar cases a knit band is
used, or a flannel one cut bias to give elas
ticity, made without hems and reaching
from h'ps to armpits. Thus it is less apt
to striqg and get out _cf place. The diaper,
no longer an uncomfortable bungle, is
made either of antiseptic stockinet or is
shaped of cotton goods, -with an extra in
side piece about nine inches square. Linen
should never be employed for this or any
other baby garment. Where shirt and
long elastic stockings are worn the diaper
buttons above and below to these gar
ments, admitting of no gaps.
Many progressive mothers nowadays
are using only two garments upon very
young children, a flannel petticoat cut
princess and buttoned with soft buttons
on the shoulder, Its two seams being on
the outside, bo that baby's skin may be
spared uneven contact, and a high-necked
and long-sleeved stockinet top slip 'an inch
or so longer. This slip, woven In one
piece, does duty for a dress as long as
baby is kept in the recommended chrysalis
condition.
The pinning blanket or barrow coat —
that sine qua non of the provincial mother
—is relegated to the aboriginals who still
confine their young in bark or boards or
¦kin. All babies were at one time swathed
ia clapped on. and baby, fn a trice. Is
equipped for a sudden drive with hla
father, before that imparien't personage*
has had occasion to call out a single
time, "Will you never get that child
ready!"
The prudent mother, of course, provides
against sodden changes with extra gar
ments of her own devising. If embroid
ered shawls and- crocheted sacks are out
of date, there is no gainsaying tho cozy
princess wrappers of flannel or flannelet.
Prospective athletes even at six months
nov; are wealing sweaters, with all tha
sang froitl of crown-op boys ami girls.
Bare legs and long stockings boast each
their intelligent advocates, but short
socks and worsted boots have had their
day. as has everything that heats la
spots.
Not the least important Item In the
¦wardrobe prepared for the baby la th*
quilted apron to be worn by tho bather
when the youngster Is given its morning
plunge. A quilted apron is exactly what
its name suggests, save that it <s not ex
actly apron like !n form, rather more
square in outline. As a rule it is not tied
around the waist, but is placed on tho lap
over the lawn apron.
Altogether this ought to hi a very happy
age and generation of babies. For ia
wardrobe, exercise and bath, simplicity
and common sense have ousted tha Col
derols of other days.
How to Give Baby the Morning Bath
Nowadays thirty-six Inches Is the maxi
mum length for outside rational grarments.
In contrast to the fifty inches and more
of a past decade. Many systems insist
that twenty-eight inches or at the utmost
thirty inches. Is the correct and sanitary
length.
The advantage of the abbreviated cos
tume in reducing to a minimum the
weight and pressure upon the small, nair
formfid bones is patent when one observes
a baby's knees, which are almost invaria
bly bent-the legs lifted and in motion.
Long draperies also imprison the stale
air and impede the circulation of the fresh
air
All dress reform for babies, whether fol
lowing one of the several specific systems
or evolved from the intelligence of the
individual mother, have the same under
lying common-sense principles.
The clothing must be light, warm and
evenly distributed, granting the body and
limbs perfect freedom.
It must be loose and of loosely •woven
textures, so as to permit tho even cir
culation of the air.
It must be easily put on and off. It
must invariably hang from the shoulders
and have neither gathers nor bands. It
must have as faw fastenings as possible,
and those on the shoulder. It must have
no pins at all, except perhaps In tne
diaper.
granGmother* of long ago could see them,
how they would shake their dear gray
heads with doubt and misgiving. For ba
bies' wardrobe has evoluted from the
fussy furbelows of yesterday, until now
supreme simplicity is the keynote of
baby's toilet.
The progressive infant of 1900 13 kicking
its untrammeled legs and expanding its
bandless little diaphragm in self-congrat
ulation that it came Into a world that does
not regard a baby as a few clumsy pounds
of furbelowed dry goods.
This year's baby has been delivered
from the bonds of swaddling clothes and:
similar atrocities into the full liberty of
rational dress. Frills are tabooed as a de
lusion, and fancy touches are considered a
snare. The only necessities for a babe in
arms are creature comfort*. It merely
sleeps and vegetates, guarded from all
exciting influences, unrocked, unlullabied,
and whenever possible under the espion
age of a professional nurse, who exercises
a strict regimen., Until the little dormouse
has arrived at months of discretion tho
agitating onslaughts of adoring friends
and relatives are rigorously denied.
Even the christening ia a nursery affair,
phora of all pomp and ceremony, for baby
must not be disturbed. Not before tha
short clothes period, which is usually at
thre« months, does If have any company
attire. f
8some ?30,000 worth of hares, a fact at
tested by the agents of Wells, Fargo &
Co. Probably $14,000 or $13,000 worth have
been brought from England during the
same time. One dealer has imported over
two hundred animals. As a partial re
turn t:pr;n this investment Los Angeles
has- Bent out during the last four months
about $?3.000 worth of stock, most of
which has gone to Central and Northern
California. Th*" Bonanza rabbitry, one of
the largest, has made shipments to Ala
bama. Illinois. Ohio, lowa, Nebraska.
Montana. Idaho and Washington, and
mary to San Jose. Salinas. Watsonvllle.
Santa Cruz and other points In Northern
and Central California.
The great Belgian hare exposition, mart
and feast held in Los Angeles during the
second w*>ck in February last afforded an
other striking test of the popularity of the
Belgian with all classes of citizens. It
was the largest and most Important ex
hibition of Belgian hares ever given In the
world. It was organized and conducted
by the American Breeders of Belgian
Hares, an Incorporation consisting of lead
ing breeders of Los Angeles and vicinity.
There were 1100 animals on exhibition and
360 hares passed through the hands of the
judge. The judging and scoring of these
required two and a half days of constant
work. There were some eighty classes
of exhibits and the first prizes ranged
from 115 to $00 for the American cham
pionship and 5100 for the International
championship, two firsts being given in
each class — one for the best buck and one
for the. best doe. The show was devoted
exclusively to Belgians and the exhibits
covered 13.000 square feet of floor space.
During the threo days which it lasted
there was an attendance of nearly four
teen thousand people.
The history of the Belgian In Southern
California has been similar to his history
elsewhere. The first specimens were very
common types, resembling the old Lepor
ine? and their crosses, animals of inferior
breeding. Then, as stcled. better speci
mens were secured and, finally, the best.
Ye-t the supply of the very finest breeding
animals is still extremely limited, al
though the average standard has been
greatly raised. If price is an index the
improvement In quality Is readily sh<)wn.
Two years ago the Bonanza rabbitry,
which was really the pioneer in this sec
tion, offered hares of age for breeding
at $10 for three, the best in stock. Now
the best In this rabbitry are not for sale
at any price, but a trio of the finest of
fered could not be bought for less than
JSOO. Three ordinary hares, such as many
people buy for "foundation stock," that
is. for the commencement of a herd, sell
readily In LO6 Angeles for $73.
From almost nothing two years ago the
Industry has grown In Southern Califor
nia until there are now about 900 breeders
in Los Angeles and its Immediate vicinity
and additions to this number have been
made morn rapidly during the past six
months than' ever before. A careful esti
mate placr-s the number of hares In
Southern California at 130,000. The total
valuation has increased during the past
year something like 160 per cent and dur
ing the past three months the average
price has Increased over 40 per cent. Bel
gian hare is a recognized dainty on the
tables of the leading hotels and restau
rants and in the homes of the rich.
The re-cognized types of hares now be
ing produced have been reduced to two
principal ones. These are the Flemish
Giant and the true Belgian. The former,
as Us name implies. Is the larger. In this
type the. early Leporine has been most
closely preserved. He Is a dark gray in
color and p.tmlns a weight of about four
teen pounds at maturity— say at eight or
nine months. This type is considered the
best by most people for meat purposes,
but this view Is not entirely correct. The
Flemish Giant Is a loose-haired and loose
skinned animal and much of his bigness
goes to waste when he is slaughtered. At
least half is lost. Not more than a third
of the Belgian Is waste, and, moreover,
the flesh of the Belgian is daintier and of
a finer quality .in every way. Thus a
and all, of at least Jl3. and the original In
vestment is still left. This is a very mod
erate estimate. It has been far exceeded
In some instances.
We must not lose sight of the value of
the pelts, which are worth from 25 cents
to $1 each, according to their beauty, the
place at which they are sold and the use
for which they are Intended. In the East
there are some extensive establishments
raising Belgians principally for the pur
pose of manufacturing the hair of pelts
Into silk hats. They are also made into
rujrs. muffs, mittens, gloves, collarettes
and cloaks for ladles' and children's wear.
These are very handsome. . Dealers
abroad have r process. of "plucking" by
which some of the hairs - are removed." 1
leaving on the. remainder- of the fur a
rich, seal-brown color and luster. "A ma
chine has recently been invented which
accomplishes the same result without
plucking, simply by cutting off the dark
tips of the fur. This process Involves n->
coloring or artificial dyeing, although
there is another beautiful product, known
a3 "electric seal," which comes from a
process of dyeing. The pelt of the up-to
date high type Belgian is worth several
times as much as the pelt of the common
class of Belgians. .'
» The merits of the individual specimen of
the Belgian may be determined by a.well
defined standard of excellence which has
been agreed upon by leading fanciers the
world over.- This standard is based upon
a scale in which 100 means perfection.
The very finest specimens so far produced
score about .96— under -special care ! and
training for exhibition a score of 02 Is"
considered good. The following Is the
standard, with the number of "points" al
lowed to each subdivision:
. . ••" Points.
Color— Rich riifus red (not dark smudgy
. color) carried well down sides and hind
quarters, and as little white under Jaws
as possible 10
Ticking— Rather. wavy and plentiful 13
Shape — Body long; well tucked up flank,
scientific turn In every thinking .man's
brain. It Is a well known fact that a type
may bo fixed In six generations — that Is to
say, you may take an ordinary animal, say
a cow or a mare, and by mating with an
improved specimen of the opposite sex'
produce a better offspring than the
mother. Repeat this process six times
and you have an animal which is entitled
to registration as a thoroughbred. This .
could be done in the case of the Belgian
in less than two years. AVhether carried
to this extreme or not, the -improvement
of the species has for any man with a
talent for this sort of development a most
profound interest besides the absorbing
excitement of a legitimate speculation. /
All of' these reasons are founded in the
more esthetic and refined phases of the.
industry- Besides these there is the com
mercial side. The Belgian, so far, has
uniformly afforded a profit. In this coun
try the highest profits have been In the
best stock, that taken up by the "fancy,"
so called. But as a producer of delicious
meat the Belgian has no equal,, for. the
size of the animal and the cost of meat
producing stock. The meat is all white,
tender and sweet. It 'has no '"wild"
flavor, but is very, similar to the best
chicken and turkey, with enough differ
ence to make It novel. One doe will read
ily produce six litters a year, averaging
eight to the litter. These will average at
birth three ounces In weight.* In fourteen
days they will -Increase In size five, or six
times, then weighing from fifteen* to twen
ty ounces. From this point they will gain
a pound a month to five or six months.
At maturity, from six to eight months,'
they will weigh eight or nine pounds each.
This meat sells readily at 25 cents per
pound dressed. Allowing one-third for
waste a doe will produce In one year 232
pounds of meat, ready for the market and
readily salable at 25 cents per pound. This
amounts to $63. The first cost of the doe
will not exceed $15 and her -keeping for
the year will be not more than' s3.' This
leaves a clear profit, over cost of animal
large Belgian, say nine pounds, would
really dress for the market as great a
quantity of meat as an average Flemish
Giant, say one of twelve pounds.
Besides these two principal types there
are various "sports" and freaks which
have been perpetuated as types, such as
the "blue fawn" Belgian, which has a
peculiar and beautiful fur; black Belgians,
and a few others. But these have not
been bred in numbers and are not widely
known. They will be sought to some ex
tent for variety, but will probably not en
croach largely upon the field of the stand
ard varieties.
Having thus stated the facts which es
tablish the undeniable popularity of the
Belgian and are familiar to hundreds of
people in Southern California, I shall state
some of the reasons which occur to me for
his popularity here and everywhere. The
first of these is his beauty. I shall dis
cuss this more at length in my description
of the Belgian In a succeeding paragraph.
The second is his docility and fondness for
fondling. .The Belgian makes a most at
tractive pet. He is intelligent, becomes
attached to his owner, can readily be
trained to pose and to come at call. • He
appreciates care and good treatment. The .
third reason Is the Interest aroused In
every member of the family fortunate
enough to own Belgians by observing the
habits of the animal, especially of the*
does in caring for their young. As In all
wild animals (for the Belgian Is really a
wild animal domesticated) the mother love
Is very strong. All their habits of life,
the poses that they assume, their ways
of communicating with each other, their
care of their persons, etc., are. Intensely
Interesting. Every sound mind harbors
a love for animals, and the wild traits, v
such as are shown In the Belgian, are
those with which we are least familiar
and which are therefore most intensely
Interesting.
A fourth reason Is the fascination of,
mating Individuals so as to secure best
results in the progeny. This appeals to the
arid well ribbed up back, ulishtly arched,
loins well rr>und""l. net choppy, head
rather lonrrthy. muscular chest, tall
»trai|rht. not screwed, and altogether of a
racy appearance y>
Enrs— About five inches, -thin, well laced
on tips, and ss far down o^pfde ed*es as
possible, pood color Inside and out and
well set on jo
Ejr»-^Haxtl color, large, round, bright. boM 10
Lees anrl feet— Fore feet and legs. long.
straight and s=lpn<ler and fr«>e from white
hairs. hln<l feet well colored io
Size— About eight pqtrada 5
Condition— Not fat, but fierh firm like a race
horse, and good quality of fur 5
Without dewlap " 5
Total ./. 100
A(iort»d by the National Belgian Hare Club
of America.
Some points in the above standard will
be as unintelligible as Greek to the unin
itiated unless explained. The "ru^u* red"
color referred to Is very clearly defined
upon the body of a genuine Belgian of the
latest type, but It is difficult of descrip
tion or of understanding except by actual
sight. It is. however, a very rich color,
with a most beautiful and peculiar luster.
The "ticking" Is a tipping of black upon
the end of each hair over portions of the
body. This, as stated, should be wavy
I and heavy and abundant. The "lacing"
on the ear is a band of black, such as
might be made by a wide pen stroke with
a pen dipped in Jet black Ink. It extends
from the tip about half way clown the
ear on each side. The back of the ear
should be the coveted "golden tan" shade,
extending close to this lacing. There
should be a tint like a Gold or Ophlr rose
between the ticking of the sides and the
snow white of the belly. Some specimens
also have a creamy or golden tan shad-
Ing under the jar.-?, which is very beauti
ful. The tip of the tall should border on
golden tan, with snow white underneath.
The feet must all be a deep red. both the
front feet and the hind feet. This Is an
exceedingly difficult shade to obtain and
almost as difficult to describe. It resem
bles mahogany, but has a brighter lus
ter. It Is like a wine color, but not as
-deep a shade. It. mrght be called maroon,
'but is a little darker. Whatever It may be
called," It gives a finish to the whole effect
as yet rarely seen upon Belgians In this
country.
In any way that you regard the harmo
niously blended colors of the true Belgian,
his coat is a marvel and a delight. At
four months of age he molts and takes
on a permanent coat which la at Its best
at "eight months, but will deepen in the
beautiful shades in his next coat, which
appears at about the twelfth month.
I may condense all advice to the begin
ner into a few words, as follows: If you
are thinking of rearing Belgians, secure
the best manual or guide to the subject
procurable. Then prepare as large and
well arranged cjuarters for your rabbitry
as your purse will allow. Then secure
the best foundation stock obtainable,
having reference to quality rather than
to quantity. Care for them constantly.
Improve the progeny by Judicious mating
and success awaits you.
One of the best- unexplored fields open
to the breeder of Belgians to-day is Alas
ka, where meat is worth Jl a pound and
difficult to get at that. The Belgian 13
not injured by cold. He Is a fur-bearing
animal and never known to freeze to
death, and If protected from storms and
draughts will do well In severe climates.'
The young are born hairless, but are
shielded in a neat nest constructed, by the
mother and lined with fur plucked from
her. own breast. In two weeks 'they de
velop a fine. soft, lustrous coat. The hare
Is by nature a browsing animal and will
live upon barks, buds, brush and coarse
sticks, which serve his purposes almost as
well as corsets, tin cans and rock piles
serve the donkey and the goat. The man
who takes a hundred breeding does and
five or six bucks Into Alaska will have a
better thing in their product than the
best mine on the Klondike.
By Charles C. Chapman.
Los Arjgeles. California.
T> OXE familiar with the many
splendid qualities of the Be'.sriar*
hare It is exceedingly pleasant to.
either talk or write about it. This
Interesting little fellow, the most
modern addition to our domestic animals,
is noted for its remarkabV docility, giv
ing evidence of a disposition that is not
only attractive but really affectionate.
and appeals to every lover of animals,
and generally in connection with tha
eplendid financial returns in sight so
etrongly that there is no rest until on*
can claim a few specimens as his own.
It 13 the universal verdict of those whr>
know the Belgian that ad a meat producer
it far excel 3 in these fancy anl attract! vu
points any other of our domestic animals.
This adds materially to its value for this
purpose and partly compensates f,r the;
necessary care in breeding and raising.
Indeed. It is so attractive and susceptible*
cf such high breeding that thousands wilL
keep them solely aa fancy animals.
When all these points are considered,
along with Its remarkable fecundity, tha
small expense necessary to provide it with,
food, and the unsurpassable quality of tha
meat it produces, I should not be sur
prised to have it take such hold upon tha
people not only of Northern California but
all sections of the country as It has donu
in Southern California.
It must be understood that there are va
rious grades of the Eelgian hare, from tha
ordinary thoroughbred to the beau
tiful and graceful, even, dainty anl
inal, that scores from JH .to SS
point 3. being almost perfect in every
essential requirement. Such animals dif
fer from ordinary stock quite as much as
a Kentucky thoroughbred from a bronco.
This statement is based upon actual ob
servation, for the most perfect specimen*
of the Eelgian hare are owned in and
about Los Angeles, where they may bo
seen daily.
Some breeders were quick to realiza
that, as with other animal?, the bij?
money was to be made in raising the high
est types. These enterprising men not
only set about securing the best stock In
the United States, but. sparing neither
money nor pains, went to England ant*
in person selected the best specimens to
be found In that country. Almost all of
England"s latest prize-winners and cham
pions, together with the four Crystal Pal
ace cup winners of the last two years,
may now be found in the hutches of tho
leaving rabbitrles of Los Angeles.
This is a busy money-making age. and
while the Interest the fancier has In tha
Belgian hare may not be wholly prompt
ed by this sordid motive, yet the para
mount question with most persons con
templating going into the business is. will
it pay? t
Without attempting any exhaustive ar
guments in the affirmative of the proposi
tion. I have no hesitancy In saying that
If conducted on business principles the
Belgian hare Industry . will prove profit
able In all sections, as well as interesting.
I may point In proof of this assertion to
hundreds of people in Southern California
as well as elsewhere, who have not only
done well financially, but have made biir
money out of the Belgian bare. As a
money-maker, all_ things considered. It
has never had an' equal among all our
domestic animals. Some months ago.
while many were going into the business
in Southern California, the more timid
were afraid It would be overdone, but tha>
sagaclou3 far-seeinr breeders, realizing
that this is a great big cuntry, and know
ing tne ability e>f the animal to win ad
mirers wherever known. Invested heavily,
feeling assured that the demand for It
would be great. It. is needless to say that
they have not been disappointed, for tha
uemand has steadily grown, and to-day
the prospects for still larger business wera
never more promising.
Although the most prolific of all our do
mestic animals, yet many months must
neces?arily pass before the supply off
strictty high grade breeding stock will be
equal to the demand. Every city, every
community, must first be supplied wicn>
at least a nucleus for breeding, which cant
be done at prices that will prove amply
remunerative. This process of disseminat
ing stock throughout the country must
firvt go on before the meat can be offered
in the markets. It must therefore ba pat
ent to every Intelligent observer that
quite a money-making period will be of
fered breeders, especially to those on tho
cca3t. where the greatest Quantity o£
foundation stock exists.
While the care and management of tha
Belgian hare is simple, its requirements
being few and easllv met. there are a
few suggestions which I wish to make and
if followed much trouble and even, loss
will be avoided. While the Eelgian. hara
la hardy and free from disease it muss
not be permitted to live in a draught.
Hutches must also be kept dry and per
haps the best method is to keep them well
bedded with straw and thoroughly cleaned,
not less frequent that even* other day.
Hutches should be constructed with threo
sides and top tight, the front being cov
ered with one-inch wire mesh. Whera
space 13 an object hutches may be built
three tiers high. Perhaps the most con
venient size is 3xt feet. However, to giva
the young the racy shape so much de
sired it Is necessary to put the doe wim
her litter in a run when they are threa
or four weeks old. The young may re
main here until _four or five months of
age. The bucks," however, should be sep
araied from the does when three months
old.
One other caution I wish to give, and
that is. the doe before littering must not
be highly fed. There 13 far more dan
ger In overfeeding during this period than,
there Is an underfeeding. After klndlin?
she must be fed liberally, but not with.
green feed untfl becoming accustomed to
It. With these simple suggestions followeel
and ordinary care taken any child can
get along with stock without trouble.
By B. C. Platt. M. D.
Los flnqeles, California
BEFORE attempting a description o\
the Belgian hare I wish to set forth
the reasons for his great popular
ity wherever he is known and es
pecially in California. Not to go.
at present, into the details of his history,
we may say that England is still the.
world's center e>f the Belgian hare Indus
try, and L»~s Angeles is its center in the
United States. This center, however, like
th«» center of population, is subject to
change, and it may be that It will, in the
near future, be transferred to the north,
perhaps to San Francisco.
The Belgian hare has received his high
est development in England, where he
has passed through various interesting
phases, and England still sets the fashion
for the world in hares as in some ether
things. There, some fifty years ago or
n< re. certain people of an inquiring turn
of mir.d conceived the idea of breeding,
; ;¦ •.'-.t^r-mating different types of rabbit.
s rabbit tr.^t ?~hou!d resemble, as closely
as possible; the native, wild. English hare,
but Kith important improvements. The
wild hare is a slow breeder. The female
produces only two or three litters a year
:.iy two or three young at a litter.
Other breeds of rabbit are very prolific
The- wild hare pines away and dies In
captivity. Other breeds are easUydcmes
tktited. But the wild hare. In form, color,
action and all that goes to make a beau
t;"f!:l nrfrnnl f-.-?«s rharm< and rraept thnt
no other species possesses.
Therefore, taklnp the wild hare as a
model, the first experimenters selected in
dividuals of other varieties and mated
them to produce a progeny closely resemb
ling the wild hare. The wild hare will
Dot mate with any ether breed. If It
would tfc«» problem bofore thei»<s enthusi
asts in old England would have been vast
ly simpler than it was. Bet all efforts.
.•>n4 many have b^er: made, to secure a
cross between the wild hare and some
other variety have been utterly without
result.
The ond of th<» long series of experi
ments is the modern, high-class, thorough
1 rf<\ Belgian hare, and he is a very dif
ferent individual from those first ob
t.iinr-d. These latter were called Lepor
ine*. They were dark, grayish, spotted,
mottled beasts, far removed in beauty
fr^m th» true Belgian as he exists to
day, with a ri<-h. "rufus red" as the foun
<i.-*r;«n of h's .«plendid glossy coat, and ap-
I r gf matins; far more closely than the
Leporine the beautiful ideal established
by the wild hare of England. Not only
i« the modern Belgian very attractive in
appearance, but he Is exceedingly pro
lific, readily adapts himself to captivity
nr.r;. as a table luxury, his flesh Is a most
distinct and appetizing novelty. These
facts give him a two-fold value, first, to
the fancier and breeder on scientific prin-.
ciple-s, and. Eccr>r.'i. to the man of hum
b'er, perhaps coarser tastes, .whose soul
and pneketbook can be reached only,
through his stomach.
England Is to-day sending her finest
Fpeoimens. at enormous price? compared
with the prices of two or three years ago.
into Germany. France; Austria and espe
dally to America. These are the fancy
Individuals selected and exported for
breeding purposes only. The other phase
r>l ihe Industry, that of providing a de-
Ucfooa article of food, has reached enor
mous proportions In Europe, and millions
cf pounds of hare meat are consumed
every week in the great cities of the Old
World.
The first importations Into the UnitM
States were made some Un years ago. and
JVljrians have sir.r-e then been reared on a
fmail scale at several points in the East.
But the center of the industry skipped
across the continent to Denver. There the
Belgian bc-came vastly popular. An asso
ciation known as the National Belgian
Hare Club was organized and did valu
able wcrk In promoting all the interest! of
The P.<-!gl.in, both commercial and pcier.
tiflc. Soon thorc were four hundre-i breed
ers in Denver and vicinity. Finally some
of these set the fashion of importing
Men-priced Ep^imens from England, but
fifty or a hundred dollars was considered
a h:jg? sura for the best specimens that
cnuM be h:i>s. Here let me make a dis
tinction. I say "could be had." not "that
were in existence." for the Englishman,
I Itl I'i-h eager to secure what seemed to
him, and was. a \Ag sum of mon^y for a
little animal, was most reluctant to part
with the nery fir.r-.-t product of his pens.
and refused to do so until very recently.
In the meantime, while th» Belgian was
multiplying and replenishing the earth in
I>«:;v. r. a few persons in Los Angeles
v. • ¦ becoming aware of his merit* and
w«rr- gradually securing such specimens
es they could procure. By degrees they
established small rabbttries, which quick
ly grew. Some- eighteen months ago a few
of these breeders f._*it themselves strong
enough, in the numbers and q-uallty of
their herds, to. commence to advertise?.*
From th!s point the industry in Los Ari
pelr* tof(k an astounding impetus. Every
hing salable In Los Angeles chanped
hards at once. Denver was drained of Its
high-class stock. Then certain citizens of
Los Angeles set the telegraph and cable
to London into action and wired franti
cally for the best to. be had in England.
Other*; Impatient of delay and anxious to
ere- what they were buying, crossed the
•continent and th<? por.d and went in per
.pon to .London. The pressure of Ameri
can gold was too much and John Bull re
laxed his prapp upon his very choicest
product and closed his prip upon sums
that exceeded the wildest anticipations of
bis most extravagant dreams. For the
first time the finest specimens in the world
came to America and to Los Angeles.
To give seme idea cf the extent to
which this industry ha* advanced In
Southern Caiiforr.ia during the past year
and a half I might say that Denver alone
Bent to Southern California during 1523
Experts Give the History of the Belgian Hare and Best for Raising Blooded Stock
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9Amrrtraru; who count them-
I "selves fortunate In having seen the
* I Passion play at any of Its perform
rances ence in ten years at Oberarn
nergau probably do not know that
there takes p'aoe annually in their
jcrvra country (dunring tho last week of trie
Xienten season and within 350 miles of-
Denver") a Passion piay *o frightfully
flero* that the sacred drama of the Ger
jnan peasants Is simple child's play in
compnriKon. Among the Raton and 6an
-cla Mountains (a southern spur of the
great Rocky Range), in Northern New
American cdtixer.B are these very
¦<says slashing their fieri:, Fheddlng their
21fe blood, stoically endm-Ing excruciating
agonies and finally are crucifying chosen
or.en of their brothers, all because they
-believe these torturous barbarities absolve
them from pa*t elns and come future ones.
These fanatics number pome TOO. They
m known throughout New Mexico as the
stone structure without windows or a
floor, apart from the rest of the settle
ment. When a member of the order dies
his body Is carried away secretly at night
and no* one knows where it is burled out
among the mountain gulches. Woe be to
the person who might be caught follow
ing a band of Penitente.3 or listening to
their councils. Charles F. Lummis says
that traitors to the order have been
buried alive.
Nowadays Taos (the home and burial
place of Kit Carson) is the stronghold of
the Penltentes. It is hidden away in the
mountain*. seventy-five miles from
the railroad, and is substantially the
same community It was two centuriea
Slashed u/ith Jinives
and Jityontzed
With Cactus Vhorns
«go. The old adobe church of Fernanda*
de Taos was for several generations the
headquarters of several thousand Penl
tentes. Father Brun finally stopped such
Facrllege In the church when he went to
Taos in 1575, and after he had a persistent
end dangerous battle with fanaticism. To
this day one may see beneath the coats
of whitewash the dark splashes on the In
terior church walls where the blood of
men spurted while they slashed their flesh
during some 200 Lenten seasons. When
. Father Brun •went there the Inner wall*
Pznltents Bearing the ' Cross In Procession Around the Church at Taos. N. M
the lashes. Over one shoulder and then
over the other the Penitente beats the
yucca branch with all the strength of his
muscular arms. Then he scourges his
lower back. Sometimes he even -asks a
brother to lay the lashes on. Backs as
raw as beefsteak are common, and blood
trickles from hundreds of wounds down
the sufferer's legs. There are generally
some veteran Penitentes. whose wild fan
aticism finds the scourgings unsatisfac
tory. They bind for a few hours at a
times clumps of buckthorn cactus to %
their bare shoulders so tight that thou
sands of thorns sink deeply into the raw
flesh. It is wonderful that human beings
can endure such pain and blood-sheddintr
for a week. Fortunately for themselves
the Penitentes are generally stalwart
vaqueros.
Every night during Holy Week there
are pilgrimages in a body to campo
santo. At the head of the body strides
the "pitero" (flfer). who blows a shrill
unearthly wail, which will fill any stran
ger to Its notes with a nameles"s dread
when heard at night .amid the weird so'll
tude of New Mexico mountains A com
vanlon bears a crucifix, and then follow
the brothers doing penance. Naked ex
cept for their overalls, they move sl'owlv
over the rough % stony trail with bare feet
Perhaps they ffre. accompanied by other
officers than the two leaders, and the offl
cials may be known by the bands or fil
lets of thorns anu black fabric about their
foreheads. The march Is to n Vrn«
where the Penltentes kneel, go throueh
a secret mummery, lash themselves a
self-prescribed number of times, and then
take up the backward march to the rno
rada.
The crowning event occurred on Good
Friday, when the anniversary o t chr»««r«
death is celebrated with a drama of the
crucifixion. Honorary members of the or
der of Penltentes. known as Hermanos d»
Luz (Brothers of Light), are called In then
to -assist in the passion play. Theso
Brothers of Light aro aged and feeble
veterans of the Penlter.tes. One of them
Is dressed with a tinsel crown on his
swart head to represent what he very
.crudely thinks Is Pontius Pilate: another
wears white cotton robes and long whis
kers to represent Peter, and still another
young Penitente Is dressed in feminine
garb to represent Mary, the mother of
Christ.
At about 4 o'clock on Good Friday the
cruclflxlbn eeremonlcs begin. The Peni
tentes Issue from their morada and silent
ly form in procession, two abreast. The
pitero and the Hermano Mayor take their
places at the head of the procession. The
pitero blows weirdly shrill notes on hla
musical pipe and the brothers go sham
bllne slowly to campo santo. They are
bare as to cheats and backs and are hat
less and shoeless. Every back In the pro
cession Is & mass of reddened wvlts and
Th« e^t SIOTr i r fo ™rd the campo santo.
thA& .k° bI /> wa a shrill, rasping air on
«-on»i. .•*¦ l hna cr> nio down through long
Z^l tions ot Penitentes. The brother*
w » no J wnrt} - Thp spectators who fol
f, . a Stance look on with frightened
iaces— familiar as the scene is to almost
all of them.
Arrived at tho little hill chosen as the
Ik ,, ary> tn^ Ponitentes circle about &
snailow excavation. Th* piiero ceases his
strange air. The Hcrmano Mayor gives a
sign and a half-dozen young men seize the
Perspiring, panting wretch who cornea
staggering up the hillside with his mam
moth cross aCTOM his shoulders. Tho
psiHido Christ la thrown on the cross and
seve ra i muscular arms bind his limp form
with cords of cowhide. If ho has hU
senses and Is very devout It la proper for
him to exclaim in the jargon of this re
gion:
"Hinil me not! Nail me. nail me to the
cross like, the Messed master:"
When the man has been bound as tight
as tho vaquercs know how the crown of
cactus thorns is pressed closer upon hi 3
bleedir.g br -.w. the crocs is lifted and al
lowed to drop with a thud into the ex
cavation. A shiver of pain goes through
the creature on the cross. He may groan
slightly, but he never speaks. His fam
ily and relatives would reproach him the
rest of his days for such a breach.
One cannot adequately tell the weird
ness of tho crucifixion scenes among th?»
southern western valleys of the Rocky
Mountains. The picture of an apparently
lifeless and nude man hanging from a
rude cross, surrounded by half-naked
dark-visaged, rough and bewhlskered men
In the shadows of a departing day would
never fade from any one's memory But
the reverential silence of the assemblage
the. brown backs reddened with blood tha
barren solitude of the locality and* th«
lonely grandeur of the everlasting moun
tains all about add qualities to the seen*
that are known nowhere else in all th«
world. Hardened as the spectators Vn
these lonely valleys are to these annual
crucifixions an intense hush comes ove£
them and every one gazes in awe at the
central figure raised aloft «n the crosV
The person from a civilized community
who looks upon a scene like this for ti«
first time feels- the blood pounding in hi!
At a signal from the Hercnano Mayor
the cross is lifted from the excavation ans
is lowered. A sheet Is thrown T ove? the
limp and unconscious man on the cross
The cords are loosed and half a JjcSen
brothers pick up the body and carry it
to the morada. There It Is nursed back to
life. Sometimes It requires a day or two
But whatever the agony and no matter
how near the man has been to death ho
has brought glory on hla family for many
a longr year and at the dance on Easter
Monday he Is thebhrsrest man In tha
locality. _ __ HENB.Y_O.jnN3LET.
(were black to his shoulder with blood
stains.
With the advent of Ash Wednesday the
fanatics of the order come from the
mountain settlements and gather secretly
at the morada. In each group or circle of
Penltentes there is the Hermann Mayor
(chief-brother), whose authority is su
preme. In tho old days he condemned to
death heretics who opposed the holy or
der, and his will was executed In divers
secret ways. Every one. of the forty Len
ten days is observed by the fanatics of
the order. The members live at the mo
rada, sleeping on the. earthen floor. There
are semi-weekly flagellations— the more
fanatical demanding extra scourging now
and then. Once every three days each
member of the order grappli»s one of the
huge, heavy crosses, made of tree trunks,
alnioiu as large as a telegraph -pole in
glfth, and, with it across his naked shoul
ders, he starts dragging it to the c:amp«»
santo (Calvary) and back — probably half
a mile of travel in all. The purpose' is to
make the Penitente humble and to better
appreciate the sufferings of the Master on
the true Calvary.
Cut when the last six days of Lent or
ITolv Week come the Penitentes re
double their efforts to square the reli
gious accounts for the year by a fanatical
stoicism probably unknown elsewhere ex
cept among the East Indian fakers. At
dawn every day in the Holy Week the
PeuifiEUstf give themselves scourgings
lacerations from recent flagellations. Some
backs are raw and bleeding.
The man who has been chosen the
Christ staggers pitifully at the rear und<*r
a crushing weight of a heavy cn>33 of
oak timbers. But he is performing a part
that he has sought for these many
months. He is loosely wrapped about in*
loins with a cotton fabric, as the Naza
r»re is always pictured Ofl Calvary. A
sn'.ash of red blood on hia side symbolizes
the wound that Jesus Christ had on tho
cress About his forehead is bound a
wreath of buckthorn cactus, pressed so
deen into the llcsh that tiny streams of
blood trickle down his face and amor.?
his black whiskers. His broad back is a,
mass of bloody, angry flesh from frequent
scourging* in the past week. How or.c iq
hl 3 phvsioal condition can endure auch
pain an*d bear up such a load with tta
bare shoulders Is only explainable- on the
ground of insane fanaticism that some
times ?fives extraordinary P,lX re X- .„
The procession of 100 or 1-0 Penltentea
Penitent Brotherhood Crucify During the Lenten Season
THE STJKDAT CALL.
Penitent ps— the full r.ame r>elng Los ITer
;nanos Penitente* (the penitent brother
hood,). Id fonrier |*can there were sev-
: craJ thousand Penltentes, and their an
'r.ual Passion play during Holy AVwk of
ix'tit was so savagely realistic that deaths
,-ef performers occurred alraoft every year.
Wlion General Lew Wallace was Governor
of New Mexico in I*7S and IWI he brought
,tho attention of the (Jovrnim^Mt to the
"practices of the Penlt<»nte?. Charles F.
lyummi*, a litterateur of California, pe
.'•cretly photographed from a distance a
(party of Penitentes at Snn Mateo, In lbSs,
pwhlle they, are hanging a brother on a
•cross, and later Sir. Lummis was phot by
fern assassin in the locality. It had become
ptnown to the brotherhood that the former
ij-.fi/! made the pictures Rnd that he pur
ipofied using them in a book,
t The order Los Hermanos Penitentes had
Its origin in the Ftrar.ge spirit of aseetie
'Jf>m by fluctuation and pelf-inf!leted phy
icical agonies as a. means of prace which
overran Europe In the early part of the
¦sixteenth century. Tn*> order was founded
; ln Hpain at übout LViS. nmj was brought
Ho Mexico by the Conquistadores under
;Cortez. The Conqulstadorcs. who had fol
ijowed In the waKf of Coronado, Jn 1515,
(brought from the City of Mexico the doc
trine of 6£-rvlntr the Master by suffering
;bodily pain and mortification of the flesh,
ijn the Isolation of the Spanish pioneers
i among the Indiar.s of the New World,
¦ hundreds of miles from any rr-fining In
fluences, the etc m asceticism took -quick
tend deep root. As years passed the Peni
tente* multiplied. Their doctrine of flag
ellation nnd doing penance by physical
; agonies crew fiercer nnd the followers of
the cross among the Mexicans and Indians
etrove to outiio ono another In stoical
'penances. "While the American colonists
were fiphtincr at Bunker Hill and York-
Sown some 2VV) Penltentes out In New
Jtfexlco, cut off from nil the world by vast
mountains and trackless desert wastes,
•were nailing their brothers to crosses and
cutting gory pieces from one another's
'flesh, for absolution from past and future
: elns.
The Roman Catholic church for twelve
'years has striven bravely ar.d energeti
cally toward ceasing the practices of the
order. Father Brun. who defiantly la
bored nt San Mateo to disrupt the order,
narrowly escaped cssa^sinatlon several
time*. Tho 6ightse<;r who -would now wit-
Tiess the Passion play of Holy Week
among the Penltentes must go off the
beaten paths of travel to the rude mud
end etone built hamlets of Taos. San
; Mateo. Cubero. and Tejuque. and travel
over grim, lonely and hard mountain
froads. Kven when he gets to the region
lof the Penltentes he must be cautious In
1 his efforts to look upon any of the rites
;«f the brotherhood. The order Is wary of
.Inquisitive, pale-faced spectators, end Is
¦hound together by cecrecy unlike any
, thing else In this country. If has several
iTneetlngs at- night on lonely mountain
• pices each year. During Lent each
; circle meets in a moraOa, . a little
Jlmorecan Litt'zens
Who Jtro Jfangod
llnon Crosses
10
that would terrify one who had never
seen them. Cat-o'-nine-tall whips made
of braided tough _ yucca baccata are
used.
Every blow raises a welt under each ofHer and more Insidious ti*.an our own.
probably Induce more frequent periods of
remorse and abstinence in persons who
use them.— E. S. Martin, in Harper's
Weekly.
?
In days when superstition was more
prevalent, the shape and appearance of
the fingernails were considered to forecast
one's destiny. To learn the messago of
the fingernails !t was usual to rub them
with wax and soot and then hold them
so that the sunlight fell on them. Then,
on the horny, transparent substance cer
tain signs were supposed to appear from
which the future could be Interpreted.
Persons having certain kinds of nails
were credited with the possession of cer
tain characteristics. Thus a man with
red and spotted nails was supposed to
have a hot temper, while pale, lead-col
ored nails were considered to denote a
melancholy temperament. Narrow nails
were supposed to betray ambition and a
quarrelsome nature, while round nails
were the distinguishing marks of lovers
of knowledge and people of liberal senti
ment. Conceited, narrow-minded and ob
stinate folk were supposed to have small
nails. Indolent people fleshy nails, and
those of a gentle, retiring nature broad
nails.
its full, we drink Kipling's toast:
To th" cool f.f our defp verandas.
T> f:ie blaze of cur Jeweled main.
To the night, to the mlm* in the moonlight.
And the firefly In th« can?,
The vcrie f^ll soft and sw««et from the
lips cf this? Hawaiian Princess, whose con
vent education has given her correct and
fluent command of English". Her voice is
Joy/ and musical, and like her husband
there is an unaffected dignity about her
every word and movement.
The Princess is taller than the average
Hawaiian, and her figure Is better propor
tioned. According to the standards of her
country this wife of Prince Cupid Is con
sidered very beautiful, and according to
the standards of this or any other coun
try ehe Is a gentlewoman.
The • courtship of Prince Cupid ran
smoothly. The god. of love guided, his
namesake's choice wisely. It was a little
over four years ago that Prince Cupid re
turned to Honolulu, thinking to settle
down for life. _ Prince Cupid had spent
much of his time abroad. He had been In
California for severe! years, studying at
6t. Matthew's School, always returning
to his island home for the long vacations.
Then with his brother. David, he spent
two years at Kings College, London, Eng.
It was a well-educated, polished gentle
man that Honolulu found in Prince Cupid.
The royal family were proud of him, and
Honolulu society, with a capital S, pent
him cords to the. balls, teas and recep-
One morning Honolulu woke up rather
earlier than usual. The. city was in a
flutter of excitement. In the Government
.houses an extra force of guards was hold
ing prisoners a thousand natives. On the
street a crimson spot showed that warm
life blood had been spilled. Already black
crape fluttered in the soft breeze from
two or three doors.
• So secretly had the Insurrection been
'planned, so unexpectedly had it been
'. frustrated, that Honolulu rubbed its eyes
Ito see whether it' was still asleep. The
• story was soon told. The revolutionists,
j all strong royalists, had for come time
been smuggling In arms and ammunition
from San Francisco without arousing tho
suspicions of the officials.
At length they wore ready, and a thou
sand strong, they gathered a few miles
out of town to march in and by force of
arms take possession of the unsuspecting
government.' But on the very day of the
meeting a, native, who somehow knew of
their plans, in a drunken quarrel with a
foreigner boasted of the coming insurrec
tion. The' officials were at once warned,
and instead of surprising the government
they themselves were taken by surprise,
and marched to prison. Several shots
were fired, a few wounded and one or two
foreigners killed.
"It was soon whispered about that
Prince Cupid was among the prisoners.
Old and influential residents, who under-
•>-.m r.o more. Drlv- I\\^ *
.¦•¦ fr.-m their mot her H\ -.'-'¦¦ " r^."^' •'.'•" f' >:> % " '
is'.nrn by hf>r fnjter \\W*- . . • .
children, the foreign- \\ ' - '
,-;. :hry -w-5'.l sail th« ' V\ ' •, ¦ ".-.-;•'
c..r: lf rafovpranilth6 \\, -~S~' ¦""¦¦'¦ "jgr / l
prem *>arth round to \\ W&&&~i : £%'£*ki
-:i<i a home wh»rf the \\ ''tiVd
?-, /j oy « of ivar- hnr. \\ ¦ -^^^ ' .~'^KK
• I ••¦¦,krs tifo a long \\><;^^b:^>-«< > fiia
,-pv of 5TV~>t onnt^nt. ThAt \liHßSl^^*^^3l
? . y ¦?..-.-,-,. Dnvid K?.!v V^'^Wli^ 1 - ¦ "^^
•• "•¦ is r.iriflly settlln>c XTti^-qßLf,^ -*¦-.'. * A ¦'¦'?& ££
;-- r\fr;j'r? in Honolulu, pr^- \\ " " \-' ;^*
-."¦r>.tr.rv to hUMfnjt a last \\" ) "--.f»^*^ i^"' i? 5
'•¦¦¦¦ •¦> the iuapti isl- \\ .¦/U. ¦ /U -^R": ,y-". ' .-\ :Y&
:-:•,-; rf •¦ . ••••.-••¦¦ which onr» \\ V^, 1!*1 !* '¦"> _ : ;\i'.,rs
>,;«. f a »r,ily hs»d for a footstool. \V r --W^M' • ¦ v \'*^
—:-.nt :s w^y h!s hr^thT. Prince \\VAV^^-'r..^>^'i-.TE
Tviiluo Xainnianaol*. better Xl^HWLisrfr^' ',':;<
Vr^vrn a? Prinof • I C'Jpid." Is \V -«•'^fcVv. :* .
Vn*"" oh< ¦¦ ¦' 'l - ' rtun<». valu6<l t* ! 'ffi' ". .
• ¦ fa million ar'.ece. l"ft them .A * 'JBfcT-Vl? '-
¦ • • - aunt, ihc Dowajrcr Queen U J^f^^-'^
iS Vrir..o Ct'.pKi Is jiooomra^l^ ll >' y§&^- *-''^^B^ x
Y.\e w;f ." : - together they V V* •- r-^o^^3
¦ ¦:-¦ our principal citie;". .\ rj^mOr^fi 1
•r.r-yii.p a week or two In W»h inr- \*r^S^^S
¦. • ¦ .:r a'int. Mrs. DominJu. V^TjiMWv
ntn :? km <J-uren Ijliuokalanl to th*-m. XtifiS&P*
Thf-y will jo.;rnry on to Enclanfl. there \V^a^ '
• ¦ -,-t },%• Prirre David. an<l then. \SP^'.^;r:
wIU ?• trtfr? - f travel. thr : will flit \«U:%fv
wherever th^ir fancy !*»».•»« them It j^|
9 p r ; pre Cupl«J him?elf r,-l:o to!d of th;s Agl« .m.
fcrrira r.i tfc» hous- of Knlakaua. from B|-^a
"hPlr own. t».Vir native land. And IncldMi- \\«\
tally >;o F pun his own life story, that de- \u* -"
. •, the woof of native indolence # has U^
• .. ;- of another fiher that so to make the \\;s> , ;
web An Insurrection nipped in the bud. a \\-s^|
wear? b*H year In ja!l. the overthrow of roy- \i^f
Eltv 'ard voluntary Ixile «re the smudges XX^T
Ibjit have davbed the rope color in hi? life. \\ >
P-ince Cupid did not pet his nan-.» from any wnu
fancied resemblance to the b.'.nded archer. His \V&j
--?ive name "Ku'.uo" arigUcl»d easily Into AS
¦•¦•:*•',• M " ar<J ••Cupid" he has been called ever \V
r'-,'e ho received the sobriciu<:t from a friend or Vk
iSSSSSS^^k roly-roly lad In V
• ,-ay:. and with his brother -David played 1
came* In the palace pardens or gathered the Fweet
Sam to°make?S Sitor his aunt. Queen Kapiolanl..
D^?d ScSld £L of a family of »fr*agg
tona by a rcyal edict proclaimed Cupid and La\ia
:^r a how neeic^ was this
rr ; ;,¦:;:: "he^contrived «al««t thereaper.
r^ihertnc a harvest that would deprive the tferooe
rf arcval Uccesaor^ nor knew that the cua
nJnc bind of politics would shatter tiie
throne itself to bits. Here i* an ex- >-^.
ample of the de?.th warrants to life
r.nd happlncM that the onward >^
rrsarrh cf Progress must
Pt at r. ' r * n ' / : V^*^ -jSiS i -~d?
n o x atlor
h«s killed
or exilrd
his fami
ly. First
th<; wid
ow of
X a! a-
Vc a ua»
Dow
ager
Qu een
X ajMo
1 a n i.
flipped
pulelly
. J^*^w^T J ;*"';. •- Z~ ~^"-~---* f f (Sividln g
'";;'?*¦ ' •'•".'.¦> .'"'// th c. i r
'¦'¦'"¦••sSSSf*^// day when the
" '?'-¦'' * -%*S*-' >// stars and
- \kM''.-*]l "tripes flrated
, : '&*f : jl nn the Hawa!
•" ¦' f^- //' lan freezes and
; - •¦¦¦¦'¦/'.'•'„¦¦"** 'ill *^ c Jslanii was
':~?'"-xr tt x r :^p%//.' fieciared annex
¦'-."¦* *- j/ * d to th « United
'*,*// "It took us a
-•' ¦• // , up our m '^* to
WlmZi&mwi '*&ye Hawaii for
\,. ' '. // never before beori
W/ away from the fa!
7/ " nd - «nd my heart
6*i»fi*sy/ *>»' always been with
¦-V^'/ m y country and h^'r
Wfhil P^P 1 *- But the last
' f 'i ¦*¦'// thrE e years have s af jly
,' ;.J'JI changed the Hav.-aH thar
W w * natives love. Tha
*i& Kreat influx of eml>rrat!nn
¦II brought many undeslr-
ble P e °P le to our shores
// "here once we lived a free,
: i§if a "J 1 ea!<y llfe wlth our «soors
*W/ and windows wide. open, bolt*
Wl «? nd bar " aro now necessary
fJI Strange customs are stamping
Jf/ out oyr enjoyments, and tho
'/ fir." of morjpy-rnaklng Is tak-
I Irq all the poetry out of life, on
the island*. Kvrr since annexa
tion Hawaii has gone money
making mad. Things are getting
bs tense ns in other places where
King Croc.-us rtfgna. r cnn-t stand.
it. so I ye Iff t It. and I doubt wheth
er I shall ever go bark again."
So Prince Cupid and his wife are
going to travel the world over They
have youth, health and money, but
they want a home. "
?k" U> '" travtl tm w * flr "l » Plae«
JS?// dd ?* if UU * ts U9> " they say ~" lf we « v "
H/ Friends of the hill to prohibit the sale
|Sf7 of cigarettes to minors, which has knock
*7/ .1 x* ye i unsilc " ss 'u"v at the doors of
W the New York Legislature, may find some.
?/ folace In the internal revenue report for
/ rf,? 1 ? 30 ' 'I 1I 1 the two grMt dsarette-makfnir
' \ ITu Ct " °i '^ c rlty of New York - « *how»
\ a falling off of more than ?3 per cent in the
manufacture of paper cigarettes M 'com
pared with the same months last year It
may mean that the consumption of clranute*
has decreaaed. or merely that there has bee*
an oversupply which ha 3 caused manufacture
to be temporarily restricted. It is a matter of
common observation that within a year or two
% - cigarettes with an admixture of Turkish or
Egyptian tobacco have come to b»
smoked in this country much more
than formerly, in preference to
>^^ ¦ cigarettes mdd» solely of
American tobacco. That
v. shifting of the popular
tast» may account for
'A^^V^ <-*v many Turkish and
/v s iV \ EsyptJan c i
11 **J^i%Jr^^ * »'ttes are doubt
oMi*Ut»K3 CS^^Q^^* \ Foreign
"Pualellanl," which means "heaven or
flowers." :•
¦This is where the story ought to end
with, "And the Prince and Princess lived
happily ever afterward.". But ¦>, It only
turned a leaf and opened a sad chapter in
their lives. For a while all went merry
as a. marriage bell.. Though his wife was
hot 'of royal blood, she came from" a' good
native family and at once won the affec
tion of the Queen Dowager- and Queen
L.illuokalanl. ¦ j ¦,:'¦..-..
/.They had had a few weeks of uninter
rupted pleasure, and. then the stormclouds
which had been gathering over Hawaii
Net broke. .Queen Lilluokalani was de
throned and the provisional government
established. On tho heels of this camo
the republic - — _ — ..;.
•tood how Keenly the royal family felt th»
changes, sympathized with Prince Cupid,
whatever their political leanings were.
He was given every chance to cover up
his tracks and escape the military trial
which followed the capture of the revolu
tionists. Prince Cupid would have none
of this. He would stand trial and take
his medicine like a man and prince of the
house of Kalakaua.
At the military trial Queen Ulluokalanl
herself was summoned, and though
threatened that the punishment meant for
her was death, bravely confessed that she
had aided and abetted the revolutionists.
It was thought best, not to hold the
Queen. Prince Cupid was the next pris
oner examined.
Prince Cupid did not gloss over his con
nection with ihe revolutionists. He ac
knowledged that he had been at the head
and front of thtm. It was not dragged or
tortured out of him. he told it quietly and
without faltering and awaited his sen
tence In calm dignity. Other persons
might crave mercy, but Prince Cupid
would not.
With the others Involved he was put In
to Jail. After Fix long months in prison
Prince Cupid was pardoned. Every one
in Honolulu was delighted when the pop
ular prince "was set free from durance
vile. It had been a sadly interrupted
honeymoon for Prince Cupid.
After his release I jom prison ho went
Prince Cupid Tells Why He Has Left Hawaii Forever
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Into the rrrat beyond. When the flag of
Hawaii N'ei mmc down her life flickered
out like the flaroe of a candle. Then tn<;
lovely Prsnc<ss Kaiulani. next in royai
after Liliuokalanl. drooped
wearily into the vleep that knows not
v.akir.g. Kcr from her native chores. In
distant Washington. «-Q«fn Li»uj°ka
lasl pleads her cau?«>. and pelf-exiled from
the bom« o| th^ir fathers. Princes David
erd Cupid will se«k h new home in otner
La&6&, So has Progress Ptabbed and
shitted thp royal family of Hawaii.
Prir.c* Cupid doe* not whine over their
fau>. Thfre if a simple dignity and reserve
ebout this chocolate-colored Prince. Ho
rcHhcr rants nor makes a tearful bid for
pity. "I hare already seen something of
thr- world," he say.«. "and would have
likpfl to spfnd mos=t nf my days in my na
tive land. Cut life In Hawaii is bo changed
that we cannot get acclimated to it. It is
very -ad for us to think of it. Our home
at Waikikl has been in our family over
forty years, and for Hawaiians that Is a
long timp. It is very' hard to leave It In
the har.da of care-takers, but it is harder
yet to liv«» Jn annexM Hawaii."
His wlf*» took out a portfolio of pictures
and lingering!:.- turned the pages, telling
the while of their home and the garden
t>w<*-t with the ecent of flowers, of their
horses and dog*, of their life of slippered
case. "It is at Walkiki, you know," eaid
the Princess, "that, v/hen tho moon Is at
lons. Prince cupid preferred other things
and showed hia preferences. He Joined*
the college foothall team and his brilliant
playing increased their score. He bought
a horse, the daintiest of ankles and fleet
est of foot, that could be found in Hawaii.
Ho led the life of the sportsman when
the mo'xl whs on and the breezes cool; ho
tcok his cafe in his hammock when indo
lence was uppermost, and the '-sun
scorched.
Prince Cupid was generous to a fault
with his money. The poorer natives found
him a willing almpgivpr, the better class
a generous host. Foreigners were not ex
cluded from his hospitality.. Many. we. t
the house parties and' stag dinners Prince
Cupid gave. But wh'en It came to losing:
his heart he went among his own people
and laid it at the feet of a pure Hawaiian.
Prince Cupid, like most young Hawallans,
has a sweet voice. "Aloha — oe," which
means "My love to you," and "Llke-a-no
l!ke"—Always the same"— are the songs
which the Hawaiian swain pours Into his
lady love's ear. Prince Cupid sang, and
wooed as only an impatient lover can,
with the result that a few weeks after his
return to Honolulu ho had courted ¦ and
married the loveliest native daughter of
the island.
Prince Cupid took his wife to his horns
at Waikiki— to the home that is bo sweet
with the breath of flowers that It Is called
11of paintings and statuary collected! from
the world over. The Holland room, a
quaint little place, is where Mr. Searl^
spends most of his time when home. The
grounds about the house are picturesquely
arranged. A rough stone wall encircles
the enclosure and here and there are little
peaks and pinnacles, stands forth ma
jestically and threateningly. The masslva
stone walls with the buttresses here and
there, and rising above 1* all a stona
tower, add much to the effect.
Mr. Searles personally is a very quiet
and unostentatious man, simple in hla
IT has been the custom lor y?=rs for
those who have an extra allowance of
this world's poods to endow hospitals
and universities, to build churches
and libraries ar.d to erect mausoleums
and monument?. Millions have been
:howered with a lavish hand upon dlffer-
pose with head bowed down, her hands
bound by fetters and massive chains.
There is an expression of downtrodden
ambition on her face and there is that
lurking look of determination which is
soon to assert itself.
The next figure, that of "Rebellion," is
Hfs HoflPe fry
abor*. each on* eontafiUnur a eotossal fenst'
of a historical character done in bronze.
Most prominent is the bust of General
Lafayette, said to be the most perfect
Ikeness of that famous Frenchman now
;n existence. On one side there is a bust
of Abraham Lincoln and on the other a
likeness of General Greene, while at the
back there is a bust of General Knox. The
figure of Washington Is remarkably
simple In its pompositlon. With ease
and grace the great general stands, the
loose cloak hanging from his shoulders,
the hands outstretched. Upon the faco
all is written that is good, noble and
true. The bronze work was cast in Mu
nich, as the foundries there are far su
perior to any other in the world for that
class of work. The actual work of mod
eling and sculpturing was done at Flor
ence, Italy, as Mr. Ball, although an
American, has passed a great portion of
his life in Italy, having lived there some
forty years. The famous quarries in the
mountain-* districts of Carrara furnished
the marble used In the work.
'ihe town of Methuen is distinctly Mr.
Searles' hobby, as it was here in this town
What Edward F. Searles Has Done for Art
THE SUNDAY CALL.
*Nt charities throughout the land, ana
there is scarcely a public institution that
has r.ot been bentJifd by private^ dona
tion. Letters, science and art have all
been fostered by their Individual adher
ents, and of the many who have given no
one. perhaps. Ftand3 out more promi
nently than Kdward F. Searles. patron of
art. who has lately unveiled In the town
of Methuen, Mass.. a Ftatue of George
Washington, for which he paid $250.
000. It is perhaps one of the
finest monuments ever erected to the
memory of any man in mis country. The
titatue is the work of Thomas Ball, tho
eculptor. who has been so prominently
before the American public for years pant.
The train figure, that of George \ ashing
ton. was first exhibited at the World"*
Fair in Chicago, and there, on account cf
its great merit, was given * medal a::d ac
corded a prominent position on the fair
Mr. Ball spent some seven years on the
work, utterly ignoring mercenary consid
erations, as the statue could have been
finished in three years had Mr. Ball seen
fit to employ other hands than his own.
As it is the whole wcrk is the sole produc
tion of Mr. Pal!, with the exception of the
lronze eagles wblcti ornnment the base.
The work progressed s'.owly, as there was
to be no expense spared, and upon the
quality of the statue depended its suc
cess, the dos'.re being to bring out the
best In art. both to the honor of the
sculptor and the subject. The statue,
needless to say, is artistic, but not of that
Vcir.d which docs not admit of comprehen
sion outside of tho«=e trained in art. and
which l>ecomes,orpres-Five to the ordinary
beholder. The Fculptor's conception is
perfectly intelligible, and does not fall to
awaken the admiration and artistic in-
Ftlncts cf the most untutored. As an ex
cmple of art It will stand forever symboli
cal of the rarly history of our country, as
every M n<> carved upon the surface of the
ptone tell? ;he story of 6ome historical
event of the past.
The public of Methuen were admitted
lor the first time to see the statue on
Washlnpton's birthday. The ceremony
v.-as simplicity lts'-lf. as Mr. Searles }s not
much given to the attendant fo!o>rol3
which generally accompany the unveiling
cf a statue, but in his unpretentious way
he and several workmen removed tlie veil
which hung about the colossal forms of
the figures.
The monument Is sixty feet In height
and Is rectangular In form, with a base
Jorty feet equare. There are four pro
jecting buttresses, each surmounted by a
figure. The figures are all; of heroic size
and represent "Oppression," "Rebellion."
"Victory" and "Peace." The figure of
Oppression Is that of & woman in' abject
icosi imposing. J.i is me ngure oi a man,
large and strong. One hand grasps tight
ly his sword, the other he holds over % hls
heart The veins in his arms stand out
with the pent-up passion within him.
Upon his face is written determination.
The eyes look far Vhead and from the
eet lips one expects to hear the words,
"I will." In historical succession is the
Etatu© symbolical of "Victory" repre-
eentea By a woman who, wreath in
hand, glories in her success, yet ever for
giving those who , were her enemies.
"Peace" is depicted by the figure of Cln
ctnnatus, who, laying aside his arms, , is
now, ready to resume his plow 'and the
tilling of the soil. The spaces between
the figures have each a collection of
trcphles surmounted by a huge eagle.
There are four -¦ niches In the die base
that he was born, and , here he has lived
for many years. His old home, the house
in which he was born, ; has been rebuilt
and remodeled and the grounds Improved
until now Pine Lodge/ as It is called,' is a
typical country seat ; and one of the' finest
in the land. The style of architecture em
ployed is jc*;cidedly classic in design, .the
motif being Grecian. There are numerous
wide verandas supported by ..white marble
pillars. A stone arcade surrounds an In
ner court, which is laid out after the old
plan of the houses of ancient Athens,
with splashing fountains and here and
there a classical statue.
.The interior of Mr. Searles' house is
Ideal and there Is none of that showy ex
pensivenes3 generally found In the homes
of the rich. ' Each room Is essentially, art
istic ', and I la ' them • can . be found _ rare . bits
towers, much after the style of the melie
val age. Directly In front of the main en
trance to the grounds there is a stono
fountain, such a one as might have stood
at one time in historic Pompeii.
Approaching Pine Lodge from a distance
one might well Imagine himself ap
proaching a castle in the feudal days of
old England. Above the dense foliage of
the , trees the mansion,' • with its towers,
tastes, but with a great fondness for art
He does not believe In luxurious display
or ceremony. To see him about his
grounds one would not for a momer.:
think that he wa3 the proprietor, but
rather one of the employes. The manner
In which the great statue of Washington
was unveiled tells its own story of the
man.
There is much to keep Mr. Searles quite
busy, as there are now several buildings
under construction which he has donated
to different cities of the United States.
Among them is a high school now being
erected at Methuen at a cost of $100,000.
The celebrated Boston organ, which was
at one time in Tremor.t Temple, has been
purchased by him and will be set up at
Methuen as soon as the organ hall, now
under way. Is completed. The organ Is
the largest In the world .and stands fifty
five feet in height.
The hall for its reccpMon will he 100 by
73 feet and will cost $10,000. An organ fac
tory has been built by Mr. Searles near
his residence, which he will personally
conduct, and it is his Intention to manu
facture the very best which money and
expert labor can produce. What will be
done with these organs is a matter of con
jecture, as Mr. Searles is not making
them for his own pecuniary benefit. Be
sides attendins'tp these many things Mr.
Searles owns and manages a ranch of
some two thousand acres near his home.
which gives employment to some three
hundred men in and about Methuen. "?At
Great Barrington. Mass.. there has been
erected a school at tlie cost of $73,000. also
the gift of Mr. Searles: and to Eowdoin
College. Vermont, he has donated a Col
lege of Sciences.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art In
this city is not the least of these bone
factions. The new gallery lately erected
cost $40,000. This Institute serves many
purposes. It has one of the best art
schools in the United States. Its gallery
la, not excelled anywhere in size and In
ppace for exhibiting pictures in proper
light. It is the headquarters in this city
for the State University. There the re
gents have most handsome and suitable
offices. There university extension lec
tures are given, and there take place all
of the university public receptions that
have to be held in San Francisco.
When it is remembered that Mr. Searlea
,-nakes all this possible by givins annually
the money to take care of these buildings,
keeping them clean, repairing, painting
and Improving them. u.e completeness of
his generosity must be appreciated. The
Art Association could not begin to sup
port such quarters and the university
could not afford such an expense for its
regents' meetings and its public re<?ep
tlons. The gift, therefore, is a continuing
one, deserving the gratitude of the State
as well as this city,-
12SERGEANT CAMPBELL KILLED.
LONDON. April 7. 11:45 p. m.— The War
Office has posted the list of casualties at
Petersfonteln, near Boshof, on April 5.
Only one Is reported killed— Sergeant Pat
rick, Campbell of the-Imperial Yeomanry,
husband of the well-known actress. Nine
commissioned officers and men are report
ed wounded. .'
ARRIVAL OF MORE TROOPS.
CAPE TOWN, April 7.— The British
transport Bavarian has arrived here with
2300 troops. ' During her passage she spoke
the British transport Mount ... Lebanon,
bound for. this port, in a disabled condi
tion. The Mount Lebanon, however, said
her repairs could be effected at sea,
Richardson said, and not having been re
ported ' back within a week, was privi
leged. He moved its adoption.
The motion was not contended. against,
and was agreed to without division.
Richardson then asked , unanimous con
sent that the Committee on Foreign Af
fairs, to whom was referred his resolu
tion extending sympathy to the Boers,
have leave to report at any timei
Payne objected.
.At 1- o'clock public business was sus
pended," and the remainder of the day was
occupied In eulogies on the life,'charac
ter and- public services of the late' Ric
hard P. Bland of Missouri, and several
feeling' tributes were »paid to the sturdy
old champion of silver.
?
LATEST DISASTER
COST 600 BRITONS
LONDON. April 7.— Lord Robert* re
ports to the War Office as follows:
'•BLOEMFONTEIN. Friday. April i 6.—
The casualties at Reddersburg were: Of
ficers killed. Captain F. .G. Cassen and
Lieutenant C- R. Barclay, both of the
Northumberlands; wounded, two; cap
tured, eight; non-commissioned officers
and men killed, > eight; wounded, thirty
three. The rest were captured. Our
strength was 167 mounted Infantry and 429
Infantry. The enemy was said to be 3200,
with five guns."
ASHANTI TRIBES IN ARMS.
ACCRA. British Gold Coast Colony.
April 6.— The situation in Ashanti Is un
changed. A Coomassie runner reports that
all the Ashanti tribes are in arms, tho
King of Bekwai alone remaining loyal. It
is believed that the Ashanti Golden Stool
has been found and that the rising 'Is due
to the ; endeavor of the Governor of the
colony. Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodgson,
to take possession of It.
BOERS AND RIFLES CAPTURED.
ALIWALNORTH. Cape Colony, April
6.— » The colonial division at Wepener has
captured five prisoners and four hundred
rifles. The Royal Irish Rifles are falling
back on Beestekraal from Rouxville. The
Boers are reported to be moving east and
west of Rouxville and a number of them
are reported sixteen miles down the Or
ange River. A town guard is being formed
here. \
SOCIETY
SENORITAS
IN A DUEL
<
Two Women of . Mexico City
Quarrel Cver a Lover
and Fight.
ONE SERIOUSLY WOUNDED
After Encounter the Combatants Kiss
and the Vanquished Releases Her
Claim to the Man Who
Caused the Fray.
CITY OF MEXICO, April 7.— Details
of a duel In which the principals
and seconds were women prominent
In Mexican society have just come
to light. One woman was so seri
ously wounded that a surgeon had to be
called and this led to the arrest of the
participants. The duel grew out of a love
affair.
Rafael Riquelme went to a fashionable
ball several nights ago, accompanied by
Senorita Marta Duran. a belle of the city.'
Senorita Juana Luna, to whom Riquelme
had been paying marked attention, aiso
attended the ball, and she saw Senorita
Duran in the company of Rafael. Her
Mexican blood surged In a passion. She
confronted Senorita Duran, and after a
quarrel challenged her rival. The chal
lenge was accepted and the next morning
the two women and four seconds drove in
two carriages to a vacant lot near the
Romlta outskirts of the city. The rivals
stripped off their waists and the signal for
the encounter was given.
The first round was bloodless. In the
second round Senorita Duran was aggres
sive, while her opponent acted on the de
fensive. Senorita Duran's terrific thrusts
began to tell upon her strength and then
Senorita Luna, who had been waiting for
her adversary to tire lierself, took advan
tage of her weariness and made a savage
lunge at her breast. She inflicted an ugly
wound, but Senorita Duran again faced
her and received a scratch on the cheek.
In the third round Senorita Duran was
weak from the loss of blood. Senorita
Luna inflicted a wound on her sword arm.
She dropped her weapon and the duel was
over. The women kissed and the van
quisher] one in true chivalry fashion re
nounced Roquelme.
The seconds placed the wounded woman
in a carriage and drove her home. S Her
condition becamp so serious that a phy
sician was railed in. Under the Mexican
law no physician ls..perinlttei] ;to t#?nt a
wounded person without an order from
the authorities. The cage was presented
to the police inspector and an investiga
tion brought out the facts. Senorita
Duran was taken -to Juares Hospital and
the other five persons were arrested and
placed in solitary confinement at Belem.
Highwayman Baffled.
REDDING, April 7.— As A. F. Dobrow
sky, a Redding jeweler, was returning
home at an early hour this morning with
his wife and sister-in-law from a dance
In the town of Shasta a masked highway
man stepped out of the brush and dis
playing a gun demanded hands up. The
reins were in the hands of Mrs. Dobrow
sky, who, Instead of obeying the com
mand, lashed the already swiftly going
horse to a more rapid pace and success
fully balked the designs of the highway
man without Injury resulting to any one.
It Is believed the attempted hold-up would
have been successful had the party been
traveling at a slower pace. ¦
Injured in a Runaway.
REDDING,' April 7.— Mrs. N. W. Wil
liams, ; wife ;of a Redding business man,
met injuries In, a runaway accident this
afternoon from which she cannot recover.
She was enjoying a ride with her mother
when the horse she was driving became
frightened and ranaway. Tho buggy col
lided with a heavy wagon, throwing Mrs.
Williams to the .ground, fracturing her
skull* and otherwise Injuring her. The
older lady jumped before the collision and
escaped serious injury. Mrs. Williams Is
a six months'; bride. - She 'has 'been j a
leader in social circles.
Methodist Conference.
, SANTA ROSA, , April! 7.— Much business
of Importance .was transacted^ at: the
Methodist conference here to-day. Ukiah
was selected as the next place of meeting,
and a number of young men were licensed
to preach."
sons were swept into the river when the
dam broke, but all were saved by boat
men.
A crowd of white people numbering
about thirty, living just below thf dam in
tents, were seen at their habitations just
before tho dam broke and have not been
accounted for since. It in generally b«-
lleved that all of thorn were swept away.
One man. attempting t>> cross the road
way leading to the bridge across tho rivrr
just a.\ th> big wave rolled down, was
caught and he and his horse and buggy
went down with the torrent alid wora
heard. of no more.
A family of six negroes living in the val
ley south of the city are known to hay«»
been drowned. It is estimated that mor*
than 100 houses have been destroyed an«l
the loss of property will be great. th<->
light and power plant costing on»- and ;i
half million dollars. The breaking of tha
dam engulfed the old water company's
plant below the city and It Is to-nis?ht ly
ing fifteen feet under water, while the city
is In darkness and without water.
Reports from points below here are to
the effect that the . flood has been most
disastrous. The surface of the river
throughout the day has been dotted with,
small houses or fragments of houses anil
drowned animals, along with trees anJ
debrlH. all of which bear testimony to tha
ravages of the flood in the mountain re
gion above Austin.
In addition to the losses here the Inter
national and Great Northern Railroad ae<l
the Austin and Northwestern Rallroa<!.
both entering this city, have suffered se
verely, the first named having a v^ry se
rious wreck by reason of th« floods this
morning.
The south-bound cannon ball train front
St. Louis on the Internationa! ami (Jreat
Northern' was wrecked at McNelll. nip-*
miles above here, as a result of a wash
out. The engine and cars plunged into a,
culvert, demolishing the engine, the mail.
baggage car, two day coaches and oim
sleeper. The cars left the track ami rolWl
over on their sides in four feet of water,
but fortunately no lives were lost nr>r
were any of the passengers badly hurt.
This is attributable to the fact that them
were not many on the train and it was
running slowly at the time, owing to tha
bad track.
The mail clerk. Ora Davis of San An
tonio, was seriously bruised, and Engineer
P. E. Mayham of San Antonio and Fire
man C. M. Stanley were slightly injured.
The Austin and Northwestern road ope-.
rated- no trains to-day, due to the fact
that five of their bridges were washed
away during the night.
torrent, having risen forty feet within
ten hours.
After daylight this morning it became
evident that the situation was serious.
The river began to rise so rapidly that
It was evident that the immense dam and
all the power houses and contents, costing
one and a half million dollars, were in
imminent danger. To add to the terror
of the situation, small frame houses,
trees and debris of every description be
gan descending the river and piling up
against the upper face of the dam. This
weight was augmented every moment un
til by 10 o'clock there was a mass of de
bria lodged against the dam which threat
ened the safety of the structure. In ad
dition millions of gallons of water, muddy
from its long, journey, was whirling and
plunging to the sixty-foot fall, and It was
evident that \no wall could withstand tho
Immense pressure.
The crisis came shortly after 11 o'clock,
when suddenly- with a report like the roar
of the ocean the great wedge twenty-five
feet high, 600 feet wide and about eight
feet thick rolled out of the center section
of the dam down the face of the sixty feet
fall.' deep Into the river below. This left
a hanging gap in the very middle of the
dam through which the debris and water
fiercely poured, while the flood • already
raging was threatening everything In Its
path. "'¦¦".'; :-_: -_ . ~
The released water poured into the
power house, catching eight. employes at
work there, drowning all of them. The
breaking of the dam caused wild excite
ment in the city. The' telegraph compa
nies at once wired to places below here to
look out for the great wave, and runners
were dispatched on horses to notify those
living in the valleys below the city. The
telegraphic messages served as a timely
warning to many, but the rushing waters
outstripped the horsemen and many
houses were picked up and swept away
before the occupants could get together
their valuables.
Within- a short time air the valleys to
the south and west of Austin were filled
to overflowing with water and the south
ern portion of the city tributary to the
river was inundated.. Large crowds col
lected on the river banks and several per-
AUSTIN. Texas, April 7.— This city
is to-night in pitch • darkness, with
a raging river, a mile wide and
swollen far beyond . Its natural
banks, roaring and surging through
all the lower portion of the town, hav
ing spread destruction and death in Its
wake. In addition to the vast loss of
property interests It is calculated that
between thirty and forty lives have been
sacrificed and the reports coming in from
the tributary country to-night do not tend
to improve matters. The flood is 'not un
like the disastrons Johnstown flood some
years ago. In that a raging river, already
swollen far beyond its capacity, bore too
heavily upon an Immense 'dam spanning
the river here, breaking it and letting
loose a reservoir of water thirty miles
long, half a mile wide and sixty feet deep
to aid In carrying destruction down the
valleys of the Colorado River.
The great dam In the Colorado River
gave way at noon to-day from the enor
mous pressure of, water and debris and
with a roar and crash swept the .valleys;
below the city, wrecking the immense
light and power plant and drowning eight
workmen.
Following Is a list of the known dead,
including those killed in the power house:
" FRANK KINCET.
FRANK KINNEY.
WALTER FLOWER.
WALTER JOHNSON.
FRANK FITZGERALD.
WALTER BLOSSMAN.
JOSEPH NEWMAN.
DICK MORRIS (colored).
JOHN PROES. , -
CHARLES BURCHARD.
Six I negroes.
Last Wednesday night it began to rain
very hard at this place, the storm extend
ing north of here along , the watersheds
of the j Colorado River. The precipitation
continued until this morning.' the downfall
averaging six | Inches within , an hour. I All
this vast quantity, of: water - along the
watersheds of . the , Colorado. River rapidly
swelled the current until at S o'clock this
morning the river, which had been rising
steadily since last evening, was a raging
AUSTIN, Texas; April B.— -The increased volume of water which came down
the river to-ni£ht undermined the power, house at the dam at 1:30 this morning
and it fell into the river, carrying with it $300,000 worth oi machinery.
to avoid partial movements, and he win await
quietly whatever the enemy may do until he
if again ready for a continuous movement and
decisive action.
Meantime the Boers are making the best of
this period of Inaction. With a. force of 10.000
or 12.000 men they are said to be moving south
firm Thaba Xchu. and other forces have shown
themselves along the Basuto border, where
General Brabant's division of colonials Is said
to be confronted by a etronK Boer force near
Wepener. Brabant's force, however, probably
is able to take care of itself.
The ¦ surprise and destruction of a ' British
detachment near Reddersburg suggests that
the Boer plan may b« to break up the railway
between NorvaJs • Pont and Bloemfontein. by
means of which Lord Roberts secures his sup
plies and reinforcements. Such a mo\-e, if
successful, would cause Lord Roberta some em
barrassment, and might draw him Into making
a strong counter stroke toward the south. It
proves, at least," that the Boers have now
discovered that . their best .course; Is to rely
upon strong raiding parties moving rapidly,
rather than upon a war of positions wherein
they must always In time be overborne.
But the effect of the new Boer policy will
be merely to hasten the development of the
mounted .portion of the British force. ; L«ord
Roberta is forming at Bloemfontein a strong
division of mounted troops to be commanded
t.y Colonel lan Hamilton, one of his best offi
cers. As soon an he has a good supply of
horses. Lord Roberts will be ready to reply
with interest to the annoyance the Boers are
now causing him. • - • f' : \
The return of the Boers into the districts
¦wherein the burghers made submission .must
have be»>n the result of increaslnz their em
bluerment, so that there Is now. a probability
of the war being fought out to the end, as was
the •war of recession.
In that case months must elapse before tb«
close of hostilities. The most disagreeable
feature of to-day's news Is the uneasiness . of
the Basutos. The situation In the Free State
is one of some difficulty, and may cause tem
porary anxiety, but unless & serious blow is
struck at the communication of the British
army, the Boer raid will have little effect.
Even the temporary destruction of the railroad
would cause no more than a diversion.
RESOLUTION OF
SYMPATHY FOR BOERS
WASHINGTON, April 7.— ln the House
to-day Richardson of Tennessee, the floor
kadei of the minority, asked unanimous
consent for the consideration of the.fol
io wing resolution:
"Resolved, That this House views with
dee.p interest the heroic struggle of the
republics of South Africa to maintain
their independence, and that we hereGy
tender them our most profound sympathy
In their unequal but gallant struggle."
"That resolution should go to the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs." observed
Payne of New York, the floor leader of
the majority. • - ',' . •
"Did I understand. the gentleman to ob
ject?" asked Richardson, .vv." ;
"I did," replied Payne.
Richardson made a privilege motion to
adopt, the resolution Introduced by him
calling upon the Secretary of War for
information as to whether Charles G. Ma
goon, the law officer of the Insular, bu
reau, had ever furnished an opinion that
the treaty with Spain extended, the -con-
Ftitutlon over Porto Rico and the Philip
pines. The resolution had been 'referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs,
LONDON. April 8. sa. m.— No news
was issued by the War Office last
night. None wus received from the
front, except that from Bloemfon
tein. dated April 4. relating to the
engagement of General Gatacre at Red
rifn-huTff, which seems to have been held
tark by the censor. It will be remem
bered that Lord Roberts. In reporting the
""unfortunate occurrence" at Reddersburg.
raid that General Gatacre had arrived
th*»re on the morning of April 4. Hence
he may have succeeded in engaging the
Boer? later in the day. It is strange,
however, that General Gatacre' s subse
<ruent movemente have not been "men-
Honed in Lord Roberts' other dispatches.
The last of which was dated the evening
of April 6.
It is reported from Ladysmith that the
Ho»»rs are beginning to construe General
Kuller's Inactivity as a sign of fear or in
ability to resume active operations. Hence
th«*y are showing much activity, particu
larly around Biggarsberg, and are said
to be planning to outflank General Buller
by an advance in force by way of Help
xnaakar. Ac the plan Is known, it is not
likely that the Boers will find Buller un
prepared.
The Boers state that the Colesberg and
Stormberg commandos, numbering 6000
m*>n and ten guns, have reached Kroon
stad.
.Speaking at an annexation meeting at
Wynberg on April 6. ex-Premier Sir John
Gordon Sprigg declared that he had been
informed by a member of the Afrikander
bund, who had just returned from Pre
toria, that the executives of the republics
fit th<» commencement of the war expected
the actJvo assistance of 45.000 colonials.
He had learned also that documents ex
isted incriminating a number of leading
colonials In machinations with the gov
ernment of the republics.
Speaking at a large Imperial demonstra
tion at Newcastle-on-Tyne last night, G.
VT. McArtney. secretary to the admir
alty, cald that when the war was .ended
i he settlement that the Government would
f«el incumbent upon itself to make would
be received by the people of the country
as adequate satisfaction for the expendi
ture of blood and treasure that has been
made in the defense of the rights of Brit
ish subjects.
DIFFICULTIES FOR
ROBERTS TO OVERCOME
LONDON. April B.— Spencer Wilkinson,
reviewing the military situation in South
Africa for the Associated Press, at mid
night Faye:
The DOFltion In the Free State Helms' to b«
that the British cavalry and mounted infantry
hav<> u»p4 ui> the -horw* In the heavy, marches
from Mwdder Kiver Station to Klmberley and
from Klrcberloy to Dloemfonteln; that the lack
of remount*, routed with the exhaustion of
the transport service, has compelled Ixird Kob
«-rts to- withhold his advance, and that during
the halt the Uoorg have recovered . from their
expression and have resumed the offensive.
The *cUon at Kaare Siding, rollowjr.c the
move of General Krench to Sanna. Tost, hts no
doubt riven extra strain to the mounted troops.
The need of remount* has become urgent.
Dispatches, however, that have been received
lately Indicate that a fresh supply of horses
In beriming to arrive at Cape Town.
Lord Roberts seems anxious, co far as be can.
BLOEMFONTEIN. Wednesday, April 4.— General Gatacre had an engagement
with the enemy at Reddersburg to-day. Detail's "o? the affair have not yet been
received here.
* THE ABOVE PICTURE. TAKEN FROM THE SPHERE. SHOWS THE CAPTURE . BY GENERAL FRENCH'S
•^ TROOPS OF A TRAIN OF ' SEVENTY-THREE WAGON 3 ON CRQNJEIS RETREAT ¦ FROM MAGERSFONTEIN. A
* DAY OR TWO AFTER, IT WILL BE REMEMBERED, THE BOERS CAPTURED A TRAIN OF SEVENTY-EIGHT OF
* LORD ROBERTS' WAGONS AT WATERVAL DRIFT. ON THE REIT. RIVER.. . ; , „-' "
* . . ¦*• .' ' . \ ' , • ' ' '
British. Cavalry Capturing a Boer Wagon Train.
HEAVIEST STORM IN YEARS.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. April 7.— The
heaviest rain and electric storm in thirty
flve years visited San Antonio and the en
tire Southwest last night, destroying all
street lights, flooding cellars and over
flowing San Pedro Creek and San Antonio
River.
The only train into San Antonio to-day
was on the International and Great
Northern from Laredo. No trains have
gone out. Railway bridges in all direc
tions have been washed away. No tele
graphic communication can be had west
of Del Rio, on the Southern Pacific, and
the damage beyond that point is not
known. It, will be many days before the
trains can run to El Paso.
In Rockport many houses were blown
off their foundations. Shipping suffered
most. Out of about thirty boats lying at
anchor in front of the town, only three
rode the storm, suffering no damage.
LOSS OF LIFE IN THE FLOODS.
WACO, Tex., April 7.— Reports of loss
of life and damage caused by floods due
to the Incessant rains during the past
three days continue to pour in from all
directions, indicating a repetition of the
disasters of last year. The loss of life to
a great extent has already surpassed that
of previous years. Both telegraphic and
telephone service all over the State is
completely prostrated and details from
the flooded districts are very meager. All
streams, the Brazos and Colo
rado River, are overflowing the lowlands
and rising very rapidly. The crops of cot
ton and corn are nearly submerged and
will have to be replanted. -Railway traffic
is practically suspended on all railroads
running into this city.
INSURGENTS CAPTURED.
CARNAVON. Capo Colony. April 6.— lt
Is reported that 200 Insurgents, who were
not aware that Sir Charles Parsons had
occupied Kenhardt, rode into that place
and wore captured by the British troops.
The Canadian artillery has returned here
from Van Wycks Vlei. .
ROBERTS HAMPERED BY BOLD RAIDS
GREAT LOSS OF LIFE AND PROPERTY
General Gatacre Has Engagement With
the Boers After the "Unfortunate
Occurrence" at Reddersburg.
NEWS OF A BATTLE
HELD BACK BY THE
BRITISH PRESS CENSOR
TEXAS TOWNS SWEPT BY
FLOOD, LEAVING DEATH
AND RUIN IN ITS WAKE
Racing Torrents of the Colorado In
creased in Fury by the Breaking of
the Austin Reservoir Dam.
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
c j
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 139.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Flood Disaster at Austin, Tex.— Colorado River Dam Which Broke9W. "^~Hjr y*r
'VBreaks up"
Grip-Influenza.
'The use of "Seventy-seven" and a lit-
tle common sense will : carry - . you
through the spring without illness.' Be-
fore laying aside "77" for the season in-
; vestigatel the other Specifics, made by
;Dr. Humphreys, by.asking your drug-
gist* or sending for a free copy ; of The
Specific Manual; a chapter on Diseases
of {Children.
"•¦ Humphreys' Homaopathlo Medlctna Co., oor.
William and John «tk, N. Y.
if TRAOE-MARK V|
(iAUi]
I. A. IN,
ROYAL BATAVIA
GIN.
SQUARE WHITE BOTTLES.
FINEST IMPORTED.
CHARLES METNECKB A CO.;
LGENT6, Hi flacrarnecto St., B. F., Cal.
Washington: Increase — George I. Mc-
Dowell, Orting, $10 to 512. Reissue— George
Trultt, Benston, $8. Original, widow and
minors of James M. Dodge, Madrono $14.
Oregon: Increase — Jacob Franz, Toledo,
$8 to $10; William S. Fisher, Whlteson, $3
to $10.
A postofflce has been established at Bev
erly, Sierra County, California-
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Glazier, T. B. Hensley; Hollywood, P. J.
Beverldge; Cramer, L. C. Cottingham:
Semitropic, T. L. Brown; Beverly. H. E.
Averell: Pine Grove, George E. Walker.
John E. Richards has been designated a
member of the Civil Service Board for the
engineer service, San Francisco.
Masonic Banquet.
SpecKl Dispatch te The Call
MONTEREY. April 7.— Alexander R.
Underwood, a leading Mason of this city,
gave an elaborate banquet to the Masonic
fraternity as represented on board thp
battleship lowa, now in this port, a num-
OFFICER SHOT
AT ESQUIMAU
BY A SENTRY
Lieutenant Scott Is Seriously
Injured and May
Claimed That He Did Not Answer the
Challenge and Was Mistaken for
a Spy by the Man on
Guard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 7.-Lieutenant
Reginald D. Scott, navigating officer of
H. M. S. Pheasant, is dying at the Naval
Hospital as a result of wounds Inflicted by
Gunner Higgins of the Royal Marine Ar
tillery, who was one of the guards on
duty at the naval yard last night. Hig
gins, who is awaiting court-martial in the
guardhouse, alleges that he thought the
lieutenant was a spy.
It seems that Scott is an officer of the
watch, which, since the opening of the
war and the prevalence of Fenian reports,
has been doubled and instructed to fire
on any one not answering a challenge.
Scott has been in the habit of endeavor
ing to surprise sentries, and he landed
at the lower and seldom used end of the
yard. Higglna saw him and challenged,
and on receiving 1 no answer fired two
blank cartridges. The lieutenant then
started to run and the sentry fired two
balls into his chest. H%must have been
running backward, for when the search
lights were placed on the scene
from all sides when the sentry's carbine
was heard the, lieutenant was seen in a
heap on the ground and the sentry stand
ing over him. Scott was carried out of
the yard with two bullef wounds in the,
region of his lungs. He was then rowed
acroßß to the Naval Hospital, where he
now lies. His death is expected at any
moment. . .
Higgins was arrested and will be tried
by court-martial. It is openly asserted at
Esquimau that there has been great fric
tion between the naval men and the Royal
Marine Artillery, to which Higgins is at
tached. Scott before had trouble with a
guard, which matter furnished the basis
for. remonstrance from the commander of
marines to Captain Fagen, who is in
charge in the absence of the admiral. .
Although the measures taken by sen
tries noy are extreme, the presence of Fe
nians in the city seems to warrant them.
A few days ago a sentry at Macaulay
Point fortifications discovered a man over
the chevaux-de-frise of entanglement,
with which the forts are protected. The
sentry tired two. shots, but the man es
caped, leaving behind him the 'board by.
means of which he attempted to gain en
trance. Many daring, attempts have also
; been made to .destroy property v. at the
'.forts : and naval yards,'. and • not long ago
a man was arrested who eaid that he and
others had determined to destroy the guns
even if they paid for it with their lives.
THE Holland, Uncle Sam's "steelclad
helldjver," is, strictly speaking, a
torpedo, but a torpedo controlled
in all Its workings by human
agency inside the craft, instead of
oeing automatic in its operations. The or-
Sinary torpedo, by an arrangement of
jprings to counteract the water pressure,
is made to go through the water at any
Dr. Parker's Couffh'Cura. : One doss will stop
a cough. K«v«r fails. t Try it. All dru«l»ta. *
Superstitious Lose Heart.
FRESNO, April 7.— The Democratic flag
pole at the , Courthouse Park, '.;¦¦¦ flying a'
great flag in honor of Bryan's : coming,"
blew down this forenoon In the high wina,
killing three horses. The pole had stood
thirteen years. The superstitious ~ are
aghast.
Poolrooms Denounced.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAUSALITO, April 7.— A mass-meeting
was held here to-night under the auspices
of the Good Government Club apropos of
the coming elections. The poolrooms
which have long infested this. city were
generally denounced. No particular refer
ence was made, it .being gene rally, con
ceded that they were a blot and a men
ace, no matter' who ran-, them. Among
fthe speakers were ~C. H. Becker, Dr.
Crumpton and JV T. Harmes." " *< ¦< v
Young Booth's Name Changed.
NEW YORK, April 7.— ln the Circuit
Court at Newark. N. J., the application
was granted permitting William Booth,
the 12-year-old eon of General and ' Mrs.
Balllngton Booth, to change his name to
Charles Brandon Booth. The petition
claims that the change was asked because
Mrs. Booth Tucker has named her son
William Booth, and for the petitioner to
have the same name would be a serious
detriment and might result in loss of prop
erty to him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The proper way to mash a masher is to
tit on him.
Because fludyan Gave Her Health, Strength
4SL and Comfort.
MRS. W. H.PUTNAM of Denver, Colo., writes: "I have used
HUDYAN, and to my delight and great satisfaction it restored me to
perfect health. I was indeed very ill. Had been so for three years. I
could scarcely get about. The least exertion would make me feel faint or
dizzy. I could not sleep at night; suffered headaches. I was also
very irregular in my sickness and suffered untold agony. Thanks to
HUDYAN lam overall troubles. I am strong and hearty, can do my
own work, have gained weight I heartily* recommend rHJDYAN to
like sufferers. Very gratefully. MRS. W. H. PUTNAM."
HUDYAN is indeed splendid for all nervous conditions complicated
with organic disturbances. HUDYAN creates robust, strong, healthy
men and women. HUDYAN cures dull or throbbing pains in. head
(Fig- S), pale, emaciated or sallow complexions (Fig. 4), choking sen-
sations or heavy feeling in chest (Fig 1). weakness or palpitation of
heart (Fig. 2), coldness of extremities (Fig. 3)- These symptoms appear
when the nerves that govern the heart are involved. It i 3 a dangerous
condition. Remember HUDYAN cures and permanently.
The symptoms of nervous exhaustion are many and varied. Trem-
blings, dots before the eyes, hollow eyes, dark rings under eyes, pam in
back, dizziness, tendency to faint, sleeplessness, horrid dreams, a fear of
impending evil, despondency, all-gone, tired feeling, lack of energy. All
these prove that the< nerves and nerve-centers are weak. HUDYAN re-
lieves one and all the above symptoms. .... . . a
Nervous conditions in women, complicated with chronic inflamma-
tions and ulcerations of the uterus and its appendages, are promptly
cured by HUDYAN. HUDYAN cures painful or irregular periods,
profuse or scanty menses, leucorrhoea, dragging or bearing-down pains.
HUDYAN brings back the roses to pale, wan faces— it cure 3 perma-
nently.,
HUDYAN— aII druggists— soc -a package, six packapes $2.50 If
your druggist does not keep it send direct to the Hudvan Remedy Com-
pany, corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San Francisco, Cal.
innrTHPQI of th= Hud y an R c m *dy Co. may be consulted
I UUL I jJK>| | ettei . OP j n person. Write your svmofoms
SEND FOR FREE CIRCULARS * AND TESTIMONIALS... QF
THE GREAT HUDYAN. . BBH
with President McKinley a long- time to
day, going over the political and commer
cial conditions on the Pacific Coast. Wil
son' has almost withdrawn from politics
and is part owner of a dally paper at Seat
tle. He says the people are earnestly for
McKinley and that the Pacific Coast will
not have a State in doubt this year.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Richard H. Rey
nolds, San Francisco, $6; Andrew F. King,
Riverside, $6; Charles H. Briggs, Fern
dale, ?S; Elliott F. Isbell, Lundy, $12;
James Bowery, Red Bluff. $8; Rufus C.
Vose, San Francisco, $8. Increase — Morris
Rosengarden, San Francisco, $6 to $8;
George G. Spear, Pasadena, $8 to $12;
Charles Wilkins. Oakland, $6 to $12; Nath
aniel V. Robinson, San Jose, $6 to $8;
Martin H. Whelan, Los Angeles, $8 to $12;
Henry Garripy. Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $S to $10; Jdgeph E. Emery, San
Jose, $6 to $8; Thomas Bradley, San Fran
cisco, $6 to $8; Henry E. Putnam, Bur
bank, $6 to $12. Reissue, special March 27 —
Albert C. Van Epps. Whittier, $30. Original
widow, etc.— Franziska Kleiber, San An
dreas, $8.
ber of prominent Monterey and Pacific
Grove Masons being 1 also invited. The af
fair was one of the most notable ever
known in fraternal circles hereabouts.
William Jacks, worshipful master of the
Monterey Lodge, presided at the board,
and the venerable past master. Captain T.
G. Lambert, acted as toastmaster.
John D. Sargent Goes Free.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., April 7.— John D.
Sargent, of Robert Ray Hamilton no
toriety in ISD7, who was driven from the
Jacksons Hole country in Western Wyo
ming by a mob of citizens, who charged
him with the murder of his wlff . has been
set free. The Ulnta County authorities
have been" unable to find sufficient evi
dence against him to secure a conviction.
Sergeant returned to Wyoming last sum
mer to face his accusers and was prompt
ly Indicted for murder. He was confined
in the County Jail at Evanston and re
leased last January, as he wa3 rapidly
losing his mind. Sargent la now located
in Salt Lake City.
GENERAL OTIS
RELIEVED OF
HIS COMMAND
Will Start Homeward From
the Philippines Early
«
Recalled at His Own Bequest and
Mac Arthur Named to Succeed
Him as Military Governor
of Luzon.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— General Otis
has been formally relieved of the com
mand of the United States forces in the
Philippines and of the Eighth Army
Corps. The correspondence showing how
this was brought about was made public
at the War Department this afternoon. It
is as follows:
MANILA, April 3.— Private interests requires
my return to the States; have been absent
from family and business, attention to which
is Important, nince November. 18it7, exceDt a
lew days. Wish to eail by May 1 if possible;
believe matters can be placed In quite satis
factory condition by that date, although large
repressive military force must be maintained
for some time. __ OTIS.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— Otis, Manila: Re
plying to your cable of April 3, the Secretary
of War instructs me to say that the President
regrets to have you leave the Philippines, but
he feels that your distinguished and successful
service In both military and civil administra
tion for nearly two years entitles you to prompt
compliance with whatever wish you choose to
express regarding: your assignment to duty,
and the requisite order will be made for your
return on May 1, by such route and .taking
such time as may be agreeable to you. With
the understanding that General Mac Arthur win
succeed as Military Governor, the Secretary
of War wishes a recommendation for com
mander of the Department of Northern Luzon.
CORBIN.
• MANILA. April 6.— Will remain until certain
Important modifications of civil administration
are determined. The r.ew code of Judicial
criminal procedure Is approaching completion
and other matters are receiving: consideration.
Think can leave about May 1. Will cable lat
ter r>art of month the date I dt-sire to be re-
Ilex-ed and commend an officer for department
commander. Wish to return by most expedi
tious route and desire to await orders for a
short time until private -business receives at
tention. No request to make regarding future
Bphere of duty. OTIS.
FATHER LOCKS
HIS SON IN A
PRISON CELL
Walter B. Smith Arrested
for Grand Larceny in
Boston.
laken Into Custody by His Parent,
Who Is Heartbroken Over the
Misdeeds of the
Boy.
si»*clal TJlypaitch to The CaJl
BOSTON. April 7.— A rase of fact where
Jhe promptings of love and duty fought a
Sittf-r contest was brought about in the
pity Prison this mornirg. when a father
ras called upon to put his own son into a
;e3l and turn the key upon him, making
Sim a prisoner, charg«-d with breaking
tnd entering and larceny ' in the night
2rae.
Walter B. Smith, twenty y<-ars old is
S)*» criminal. He looks more like a college
itud«tnt than a thUf. Robert Smith, the
!ather, is one of the best-known, most
laithful and respf-cied members of the
iorce. and this tad blow has almost un
f-rved him.
Once before the boy was mixed up In a
•erfous scrape and his afflicted father suc
tpeded In adjusting the matter. In this
jasp the boy is paid to have admitted his
{uilt and surrendered the property which
t» bad stolen. He also told how the work
»-as done. -*• ••:»;-•.>—"-,
¦»-<S>-»-^-»-<B> • ¦$' » -<s>-»-hS>-+-<s>-»-iS>-+-s>-<
depth set for It- It has to go in a path
fixed for it beforehand. When it has
run its course it comes to the surface
or sinks, in accordance with a predeter
mined plan.
The Holland has men inside it to control
it at will from moment to moment, and
with the additional power to discharge at
will automatic water torpedoes. It can
go 1500 miles on the surface without re
newing its supply of gasoline. It can go
fully forty knots under water without
coming to the surface, and there is enough
compressed air in the tanks to supply a,
crew with fresh air for thirty hours. It
can dive to a depth of twenty feet in eight
seconds. It could stay at sea under an
emergency for a week.
MARGUERITE SILVEY
ACQUITTED BY A JURY
While Testifying for Herself the
Young Woman Broke Down and
Her Mother Fainted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, April 7.— The jury in the Sil
vey case rendered a verdict to-night of
"not guilty." The day was occupied in
examining witnesses, and this morning
Lace Sllvey, brother of the defendant, was
placed on the stand, and during the tes
timony he was interrupted by the mother
of ! the prisoner fainting. She was re
moved from the courtroom and restored
to consciousness.
After Lace Silvey had given in his testi
mony the defendant took the stand and
recited her relations with Thomas, telling
how he promised to marry her and of her
trip south when she thought that she was
being taken to Los Angeles, but instead
was taken off at Fresno, and on account
of Thomas not having sufficient money to
get married she was compelled to return
to Merced, he following four days later.
She was very nervous during the time she
was testifying and finally broke down,
the court excusing her until the after
noon session, when she resumed the stand
and continued the story of how Thomas
had deceived her.
After the examination of the witnesses
for the defense the case was submitted to
the jury without argument. They retired
to the jury room and in a few moments
returned with the verdict that acquitted
the young woman of the crime.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Congressman Needham Recommends
Reduced Duties on Fruit for
-^ : the Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— Congressman
Needham has recommended to Assistant
Secretary of "War Melklejohn that the
duty on canned fruits and vegetables sent
'to the •Philippines be reduced. The duty
now is ¦ 2 tents per kilogramme— several
times the first cost of. the goods in Cali
fornia—and . is practically prohibitory.
Needham suggested a duty of 2 cents a
kilogramme, or ,15 per cent advalorem, the
latter a. trifle less than the former. The
purpose^ of. this is 1 to give California fruit
growers and' canners a chance to market
their goods>in the Philippines.
The agricultural appropriation bill re
ported 'to the House to-day contains an
item appropriating $35,000 Jor general irri
gating purposes. The California delega
tion'had hoped for an appropriation ¦of
$50,000, but is quite satisfied with the sum
allowed in the present bill.
Senator. Mcßride to-day Introduced an
amendment intended to be proposed to
the sundry civil appropriation bill, pro
viding for the' appropriation of $2,531,140
to continue the work on Jetties' at the
mouth of the Columbia River.
-Ex-Senator Wilson of Washington was
Peruna, the great spring tonic and catarrh remedy, is
endorsed by the following prominent men and women:
Senor Quesada, of the Cuban Lega-
tion, of Washington, D. C.
Booker T. Washington, of Tuskegee,
Alabama.
Belva A. Lockwood, 619 "F" street, N.
W., Washington, D. C.
Senator Stephen R. Mallory, of Pensa-
cola, Fla.
Chief Justice William C. Chambers,
of Washington, D. C.
Congressman H. W. Ogden, from
Benton, Lowa.
Governor Joseph J. Johnston, of Mont-
gomery, Ala.
Major General Joseph Wheeler, of
Wheeler, Ala.
Governor G. W. Atkinson, of W. Va.
Ex-Governor P. B. S. Pinchback, of
Louisiana
Senator W. N. Roach, from North
Judson W. Lyons, Register of the U.
S. Treasury, of Washington, D. C.
Hon. H. G. Worthington, ex-Minister
from Argentine Republic, of Washing-
ton, v. C/.
Congressman Amos J. Cummings,
from New York.
Governor W. M. Lord, of Oregon.
Hon. S. Smithmeyer, architect of the
Congressional Library, Washington,
D. C.
Hal. P. Denton, Chief National Export
Exposition, of Philadelphia, Pa.
SUBMARINE BOAT HOLLAND,
AMERICA'S NEW WAR CRAFT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
JAILER SHOT
AND PRISONERS
GIVEN LIBERTY
Arizona Train Robbers Re
leased by Treachery of
a Trusty.
Desperadoes Have Taken to the Hills
and the Chances Are That They
Will Escape Across the
Border.
Special IMBpatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., April Z— A sensational
Jail delivery took place at noon to-day at
Tombstone. Jailer Braven was shot by
Billy Stiles, a guard, who was also a pris
oner awaiting trial for train robbery.
Stiles testified against his companions,
who comprise the gang that held up the
Arizona and New Mexico Railroad train
at Fairbanks two months ago. For taking
this course the jail authorities allowed
Stiles the freedom of the jail, and re
cently he was engaged as a guard to
watch over his companions behind the
bars. The Tombstone jail contained the
Halderman brothers, who are sentenced
to be hanged, and the gang that robbed
the train at Fairbanks. The- District
Court convenes next week, when the trial
of the train robbers was set.
Stiles had evidently planned the killing
and the escape- of the entire crowd of
prisoners, for at noon, when Jailer
Braven came, Stiles stepped up behind
him and fired, and the jailer fell to the
floor. Stiles then took the keys of tho
cells from Braven and opened the door
which led into the inner corridor. Burt
Alvord and Bravo Juan's cells were un
locked by Stiles, and these desperate
characters were soon free. Horses had
been engaged by Stiles and placed in a
convenient place for the fugitives. Stiles
did not have time to liberate the Halder
man brothers, for the firing was heard In
the town and men were rushing toward
the jail. Stiles joined Alvord and Bravo
Juan, and the trio started toward the
mountains. They went in the direction
of the Chiricahuas, and in half an hour a
posse, headed, by Sid Mullen, Deputy
Sheriff, was in pursuit.
Another posse was organized in Tucson
this afternoon and left the city on a
special train for Cochise, from where the
posse will ride to Tombstone and take
the trail of the fugitives. The posse
from here is composed of Sheriff Wake
field, Special Detective Thacker, Nabor
Pacheco and Luke Allen.
The fugitives are bad men and will
make a desperate fight before they are
taken by officers.
Burt Alvord was constable of Willcox
until six weeks ago when he was ar
rested by Detective Thacker, who
charged him with being the leader of the
gang that, held up a train at Fairbanks.
He is also held for complicity in the
Southern Pacific hold-up at Cochise eight
months, ago. Itwas in the Fairbanks hold
up that Jeff D. 1 Milton was badly wound
ed after killing Three-Fingered Jack, one
of the robbers.
A message was received from the posse
to-night which said that the fugitives
were going toward Mexico and Tomb
stone and the posse was in hot pursuit.
Bravo Juan Is one of the most desper
ate men in Arizona, and with a shrewd
desperado like Alvord with him the
chances of escape are good. It was
feared that an attempt would be made
to deliver the prisoners confined in the
Tombstone Jail and Judge Davis yester
day authorized Sheriff Scott White to em
ploy two guards. Jailer- Braven died late
to-night. •-.".' •
14f" r FI'tIFIFS PRINTER,
I- ly ELUIIC3. m Sansome st.. 8. F.
COPPERSMITH.
JOtSHPR FOX. Sapt. H. BLTTH. Mgr-
f W 9MITR Sblp PS'-mWng. Bteamboat
\r IT- J.h ill, an d gjjlp Work a Specialty. If
*:.- It Wathlnrtcn. tt. Telephone Mala VAI.
DIUALL'S RELNYIGORATGR^IIgj
>.-.c t_=UreJ reward for any S^jV^p
»m ws cac&ot cure. This Mem rf ßa »*«j
recaeCy «i«pa all losses In 24 J - \if
l^urt, cu.'fi Ka:l»siocs, Impo- *45 rj '•.
t. r.->. Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea, JjTC r77nl
Clset, F*.U. Strictures. Lost M-i- WJ,
liaxhood and all wasting 1 cSecta (aV*i MKj
cl self-abus* or excesses. Sent 1 - ~_
••¦aled. « bottle: t bottles. »5: rtiarantead U
cur* any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
fcTITUTE. K2 Brckww, Oakland, Cal. Also
r< i sal* at lorn. Mai-ket st.. S. F. All prtvats
Aiaeaata QiUckly cured. Send for fra* book.
Assessments Too Low.
Special Dispatch to Th© Call
SAN DIEGO. April 7.— Mayor Capps is
preparing his annual message to the City
Council, which will be presented about
the middle of this month. Among other
things he will call the attention of the
Council to the fact that an immense
amount of personal property is escaping
taxation, and will possibly by name refer
to some of the large stores here whose
proprietors have returned exceedingly
small stocks. Another- suggestion he will
make will bs that the present assessment
be raised 10 per cent. The assessment roll
of the city has shrunk from about $20,000,-
POO to 513,000,000, and that is not a good
showing, though every one knows that the
difference was on account of the boom
values on outside lots.
Will Attend the Conclave.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, April 7.— San Jose Com
mandery No. 16, Knights Templar, and
friends about 150 strong will' attend the
conclave at Los Angeles on April 24. They
lpave here on special cars on April 2-1
The commandery's drill team, about
thirty strong, under Captain Cash, will
participate In a competitive drill. The
Knights will be accompanied by a number
of prominent members of the Eastern
Star.
from untimely graves by its immedlata
and marvelous power over diseases of
the kidneys and bladder.
Especially In cases of Bright* s disease
is Swamp-Root winning new friends
every hour.
Swamp-Root succeeds because It
cures.
Every man and woman, no matter
how healthy and vigorous, would profit
by taking Swamp-Root every now and
then as a preventive, and thus abso-
lutely forestall kidney and bladder
troubles.
Swamp-Root is the wonderful discov-
ery of the eminent kidney specialist.
Dr. Kilmer, and is used In the leading
hospitals, recommended by skillful phy-
sicians in their private practice and ia
taken by doctors themselves who hay»
kidney ailments, because they recog-
nize Jn It the greatest and most success-
ful remedy that medical science has
ever been able to compound.
If you have the slightest symptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or if thero
Is a trace of it in your family history,
send at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blng-
hamton. N. T., who will gladly send
you free by mall immediately, without
cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-
Root and a book of wonderful Swamp-
Root testimonials. Be sure to say that
you read this generous offer in the San
Francisco Sunday Call.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you ne«d. you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and SI
size bottles at drug stores. Don't mak»
any mistake, but remember the name.
Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root.
I
I
DB. KIXMEB'S SWAMP-KOOT.
CHILDREN GIVE
NOISY GREETING
TO THE QUEEN
Fifty Thousand Irish Lads
and Lassies Cheer for
Victoria.
Dublin's Royal Guest Greatly Af
fected by the Heartiness of
the Juvenile Demon
stration.
» ¦
DUBLIN, April 7.— The children's dem
onstration, which closed the Queen's week
In Ireland, was probably one of the most
gladsome days either the Queen or Dub
lin has known in years. Certain it is
that the Queen Is making fresh conquests
dally, and her Majesty's many acts of
personal self-sacrifice have completely
won the hearts of the people of Ireland.
To-day's demonstration had elements of
Joy which the Queen has experienced but
seldom In the recent gloomy months.
There were miles of cheering children
under a continuous canopy of . fluttering
nags, with a background of thousands
of holiday-making elders who accom
panied them. The charming weather
tended to make the celebration in every
way delightful, not only to the Queen,
but to the little Princes who followed in
the royal procession
The genuineness and spontaneity of the
children's welcome kept her Majesty in
continual good humor and yet visibly
affected her deeper feelings as well. The
fact that 50,000 children arrived and de
parted from Dublin without serious ac
cident, so far as known, is not the least
remarkable feature of the day.
On Monday the Queen will pay another
visit to Dublin and the event promises
to be quite the equal of her flrst entrance
Into the city. The route will be through
one of the important districts not yet
visited by her Majesty and was arranged
at her own request >to gratify the pre
viously disappointed public.
Commenting upon the seizure of the
United Irishman the Dublin Independent
condemns the action of the authorities as
"stupid and Inopportune." It says:
"Looking through the issue we find many
coarse and insolent references to the
Queen and the Lord Lieutenant which no
one with the instlnrts of a gentleman
could attempt to defend, but, abusively
offensive as they are, they afforded no
Justification for suppression."
The Freeman's Journal remarks: "The
castle has again acted with its usual
crass stupidity. Such unwarrantable in
terference with the press without a trial
or warning would never be attempted or
tolerated in England. The castle au
thorities deem the Queen's visit as an
auspicious moment to emphasize the dif
ference between the two countries."
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ESF&.aS
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. at IU GREEN
KIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In Ujs
sci.ii.et. OX&cc and yard*— VJ> Alain atrweC .
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
VSSS? PARTRIDGE mc gs?*
PAPER DEALERS.
Vk'U ! IWFTTF PULP a^'d paper co..
FPESH AN3 SA.UT MEATS.
JAS EftYFS&fft Ehipplnc Butchers. VH
COA.U COKB AND I'ld UtOX
f f UII CftW ,t rfi **> Battery Eti*et-
.-t- THL3IM (X UJ-, Telephone Main 18M.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
on Application.
AEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STB.— RE-
mcdeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to II SO day;
I to SS week: JS to {29 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grate* In every
: r... elevator ru&s all c:»tt.
Improvements at Keswick.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KESWICK, April 7.— Keswick has the
highest brick smokestack in Northern Cal
ifornia. It is 170 feet In height. In addition
Keswick will soon have the largest oil
tank in Northern California. The Moun
tain Copper Company is now building one
that will hold 123.000 gallons. The smelter
company is going to use crude petroleum
as fuel for its reverberatory furnace, in
which it has hitherto used dally one car
load of the very best soft coal.
Eugenio Rodriguez resisted the execu
tioners. Before he was subdued five offi
cers were required to overpower him. He
addressed the crowds on his way to the
platform, declaring his innocence and
blaspheming and cursing every one in
spite of the efforts of the priests.
The women along the route of the pro
cession waited and wept as the condemned
men went by. A halt was made near the
platform and the carts proceeded singly to
the steps. Some of the condemned walked
up but others had to be carried to the
platform, where they were seated and
bound, with their backs to the posts. As
the executioner tightened the screw rap
idly the bodies twitched for two or three
minutes and then all was over. The of
ficials of this place censure the American
authorities for permitting the Spanish
mode of execution, although they favored
the death penalty belnjr inflicted. The
crowds dispersed In an orderly manner af
ter the execution and the business houses
were reopened.
Counterfeiter Sentenced.
SDectal Dispatch to The Ca
BOISE, Idaho. April 7.— Judge Beattla
to-day sentenced J. P. Stewart, alias Pat
O'Boyle, the counterfeiter. to five
months' imprisonment on McNeels Is
land. Washington, and to pay a fine of
J5OO. Stewart is a member of the gam?
that has been distributing bogus gold
pieces throughout the West.
PUBLIC EXECUTION
OF FIVE MURDERERS
Populace of Ponce Views the Garrot
ing of the Slayers of Prudencio
Mendos. .
PONCE, Porto Rico, April 7.— The five
men— Simon Rodriguez, Carlos Pacheco,
Hermogenes Pacheco, Eugenlo Rodri
guez and Rosalio Santiago — convicted of
the murder In October, ISOS, of Prudencio
Mendos at Tuaco. after having assaulted
the wife and daughter of their victim, who
were compelled to dance about the corpse,
were executed to-day by the garrote dur
ing the early forenoon at a spot about a
mile from the jail. Business was suspend
ed and a large but orderly crowd lined the
streets and surrounded the elevated plat
form upon which the execution took place.
APPEAL FOR MERCY
TO QUEEN VICTORIA
Parents of Anarchist Sipido Ask
That She Intercede on Behalf
of the Lad.
BRUSSELS, April 7.— The parents of
Jean Baptiste Sipido, who made the at
tempt on the life of the Prince of Wale 3,
have addressed the following petition to
Queen Victoria:
Tour Majesty: Two unhappy parents wish to
tell you their despair and Implore your pity. It
Is a father and a mother who beseech your
Majesty to pardon an unfortunate son for an
attempt whereof he has been gTillty. We are
poor, even In Indigence, but we are. honest.
Neither of us has ever failed tn our duty. Our
child, who has committed this fearful crime,
is an Innocent lad. acted on by evil incite
ments. They have taken advantage of his in
experience, but he understands now the char
acter of his act and weeps with us and Im
plores pardon, O Queen.
We have nine children, all still little, and all
come to you with the same prayer and the
same supplication. For to your gracious kind
ness they look for help.
Our child Is In prison. The idea of it Is too
horrible. Have pity on us. Have pity on him.
His crime was hateful, but he Is our child.
His heart Is good and reproves his act. It
seems to us impossible that he can be con
founded with criminal wretches.
At your knees we pray you to Intercede in
his favor. He is only 15 and was a moat re
spectfnl, submissive, loving boy, with a heart
of gold, knowing nothing— a boy whom they
have wickedly decel\-ed by odious lies. Inducing
him to fire at your most esteemed son, his
Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.
Great, noble Queen, deign to cant a look of
pity on our misery and our llf« will be but on»
outpouring of gratitude and resp«ct to your
roost , august, merciful Majesty.
A petition In much the same terms was
sent to the- Prince of Wales.
PREPARATIONS FOR THE
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 7.— Arrangement*
for the State convention of the California
League of Republican Cluba that meets In
this city April 27 and 28 are progressing
favorably, and Indications lead to the be
lief It will prove one of the most success
ful gatherings of Republican workers that
has ever been held in the history of the
league. A report madjs to the executive
committee to-night shows that 157 clubs
are fully organized and will send dele
gates.
Credentials for club delegates are being
mailed to all narts of the State, Including
a distinct announcement of railroad rates.
Tickets can be purchased fifteen days be
fore and during the convention sessions
for one and one-third fares on the certifi
cate plan.
Headquarters have been selected for all
clubs at the various hotels, while tha
executive- headquarters will be at the
Westminster. The convention hall, badges
decorations and music will be 'furnished
by the citizens, a sufficient sum having:
been subscribed to meet all expenses. In
dications warrant the assertion by the
committee that fully 2000 delegates will b«
present and that twice that number of
Republicans will be In attendance. In the
important campaign of 1900 the gathering
in Los Angeles in reality will be the ini
tial gun of the Impending national cam
paign, and from this convention may em
anate principles that will foreshadow the
Republican State platform.
Inquest on Hawkins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April '7.-A, Coroner's
Jury to-day found that Thomas Hawkins
came to his death on . the 3d inst_ from a
Runshot wound inflicted by George Wil
liams. The two men quarreled on the
night of the 2d Inst.. and the dispute was
resumed on the mornlne of the 3d. Haw
kins started toward Williams, and the lat
ter, who had a shotgun in his hands, lev
eled it and fired. Hawkins fell back dead.
?— .
Pope Receives American Sailors.
ROME, April 7.— The Pope to-day gave
an audience to ninety Catholic sailors of
the United States training-ship Dixie,
which arrived from Naples yesterday.
The sailors warmly acclaimed Leo XIII,
who is in excellent health. MfllMHrJ
VTf are rr.akirg a *=r<eclalty cf gold crown and
fcrlig'*' wrk: the most beautiful, painless and
durable of all dental work known to the pro-
f*-ss.icn. Our nano alone wlil be a guarantee
that your work will be nf the be*t. We have a
specialist in each department. B*st operators.
rrf>st s-'id workmen and extractors cf teeth; in
fact, all the staff are inventors ft modern den-
tistry. We will t»-!l you in advance exactly
¦what your work will ccst by free examination.
G:v» v? a call a.nd you will find we do exactly
New York Dental Parlors,
BISTORT BUILDING. 723 MARKET ST.
(Portlaxd Office— Fourth and Morrison streets.)
Hours: S ti f; Sundays 10 to 4.
No More Oread of
the Dental Chair.
Te*th extracted and filled absolutely without
rsln 1 f <"ur !nte scientific methods. No sleep-
?rrwJur;iiK apents or cocaine. These are the only
i.'rual rsrlon in Pan Francisco that have the
patent arpli^nce« and Ingredients to extract,
fill and epr'-y cold crowns and porcelain
crowne. undtt^ctable from natural teeth and
Trarra.r.ted for ten year*, without the least par-
f.cle cf pain. G.->ld cr<vt-ns and te^th without
platos. gold f.lllnjfs Rnd ail other dental work
done, rslnlessly and t<y specialists.
Gold Crowns, So; Full Set Teeth,
S5: »Hd£cwork. S5 ; Gold Fill-
ings, 61 up; Silver Fillings, 50c.
Thousands of Wo&ies Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It,
Is that great human engine, -which
decides the health of every man and
woman, working properly?
Are symptoms like the following star-
Ing you In the face every day:
Weak, sluggish circulation.
Puffy or dark circles under the eyes.
Sallow, yellow, unhealthy complexion.
Urine cloudy, mllkllke or stringy;
dark In color or offensive.
Painful, scalding sensation in pass-
ing it.
Dull, heavy headaches, dizzy, tired
feeling, faint spells, irregular heart.
Obliged to go often during the day
and to get up many times at night.
Pain or dull ache In the back.
Feeling of oppression and apprehen-
sion.
Restless, irritable and hard to please.
All fagged out, run down, sleepless
nights and discouraged.
If you have any of-these symptoms
take the advice of one who has made a
life study of just such diseases and
look well to yourself, because you have
kidney trouble.
If your urine when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
Is evidence that your kidneys need im-
mediate attention.
Brlght's disease, which Is destroying
more human lives than any other dis-
ease, may be stealing upon you.
The symptoms you have noticed are
the danger signals nature sets to show
that the track of health is not clear.
Take Swamp-Root, the famous new
discovery, whose fame Is being heralded
by grateful men and women, saved
MRS. BERT KUJETT.
•till mo» Eleasi-sr and conrlnein*. Mme. M.
Kibault. who discovered this rreat secret, sends
free to every woman who writes a sufQcient
quantity of the beautlfler to show her how
«*«y H Is to attain b«a.uty when you know th«
elir.ple truth and the rl* ht remedies. Mrs. Bert
Kiley. 103 Ward Aye.. Bellevue. Ky., obtained
a free trial of Mme. Rlbau'.t, and this le what
«he »ay 8 of It: "I am perfectly delighted with
the result. My complexion from the time I was
m. little ffirl »'a» aiways a source of vexation.
ar.d as I crew In years those torrid pimples,
b'.ackheads and other blemishes got worse and
•worse. Whea I became a your.g- ltdy In lone
£r«>*i?s. befe-an to think cf beaux and parties.
there was mar.y a bitter d:*arpoSntment ror me,
all because of my horrid, freckled and unsight-
ly skin. The past few ycare have seen wonder-
ful changes, and ail on account of lime. Rl-
fccuSt'* complexion beautiSer. I have a beau-
V.ful home ar.d my huftasd MVCr falls to re-
xnark about ray cktr and charxnlnsr comDlex-
lon. Ev^ry lady oug-ht to send at once and cet
It Is not a face powder, cream, cosmetic or
bleach, contains no oil. rr»?a*^. r^ffte. chemicals
cr poisons of any kind ar.4 1» absolutely pure.
Write to Mme. M. Ribsult. 3*o E!?a Building.
Cincinnati Ohio, and she will mall free, pre-
rald !n a'p'.ain sesicd wrapper a free package
of hf-r wonderful btaut:Sers. and you will al-
ways h:e*s the day you wrote. Do not fall to
write to-<lay.
PARIS INVADED
BY THOUSANDS
OF AMERICANS
Advance Guard of Visitors
to the Exposition
Arrives.
With One Accord Hotel Proprietors
of the French Capital Raise Their
Bates to Exorbitant Di
mensions.
>
'opyrlghted. 1900. br the Associated Preas.
PARIS, April ".—The advance guard of
the army of foreigners Invading Paris for
th? exposition has made its entry and a
very large proportion are Americans.
Every moment of the day one now sees
cabs flying about the boulevards, loaded
with Saratoga trunks, while the familiar
American accent Is heard in restaurants
ar.d other places of popular resort. The
hotels are already filling up and the prices
of everything are rising. In fact, these
flrst arrivals form a sort of a forlorn liope
on whom the hotel and shopkeepers are
experimenting with Increased charges.
Not only visitors but permanent resi
dents are beginning to feel the burden of
the advanced rates. Most of the hotels
have bo raised rates that the regular
guests are obliged either to leave or ac
cept poorer accommodations. Those who
are unfortunate enough to have only
monthly leases on their apartments have
been notified that their rents will be dou
bled for six months after the opening of
the exposition. The cab drivers have an
eye on preater wealth and trying to ar
range with the Government for increased
fares.
At the exposition itself everything Is
bustle and confusion. Heavy draught
teams line the streets adjoining the expo
sition buildings, waiting to deposit their
loads of exhibits. The American exhib
itors are finding themselves seriously
handicapped in preparing for the installa
tion, owing- to the unexpected congestion
on the Railways between Havre and Paris,
and aiso on the tracks within the expo
eition grounds. There is a continual
struggle between the representatives of
every nation to get cars into the grounds,
but the French people hold the key to the
situation and take good care that their
own cars are taken to their exhibit space
and unloaded before those of the United
States and other nations. Russia and Bel
gium are the only countries favored.
United States Commissioner General Peck
is disturbed by this situation, and in or
der to expedite matters has stationed
men along the railroad from Havre to
Paris, for the purpose of pushing through
the cars carrying American exhibits. •
Some alarm was recently created by the
discovery of a few cases of smallpox In
Paris, especially as the discovery was
made on the eve of the exposition, and
for a short time there was a great de
mand for vaccination. Medical statistics
just published show, however, that there
is little ground for anxiety, as the disease,
which made its appearance at the begin
ning of the year, has now practically dis
appeared. In all only nine deaths have
been reported among a population of 2,
600,000.
GERMANY HAS
NO INTENTION TO
LOWER DUTIES
Plain Statement Made by
Minister of Finance
Miquel.
Assault Made on Prince of Wales
Looked Upon Merely as a Young
ster's Escapade by
Berlin Press.
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, April 7.— Regarding Ger
many's.projected new commercial treaty
policy various semi-official utterances dur
ing the past week show the imperial Gov
ernment does not intend to deviate from
the protective tariff policy. In no case
will there be a lowering of duties. Fi
nance Minister Miquel, in hia own organ,
the Poltische Nachrichten, says:
"At present the Government ia consid
ering whether It is advisable tc> introduce
maximum and minimum tariffs instead of
the present system of a uniform tariff
scale. There are many reasons for argu
ing in favor of such a change, especially
the assurance thus given to every branch
of trade arid Industry that no matter how
the treaties are finally concluded a cer
tain amount of protection against foreign
competition is vouchsafed. This applies
still stronger to the productive and agri
cultural classes."
The South. African war throughout the
week was commented on in the usual
spirit. The smallest success of the Boers
was magnified p.nd hailed, while the Bri
tish successes were belittled.
To-morrow's Die Woche will contain an
article from the pen of Major, yon Fran
coles, late Governor of German Southwest
Africa, interestingly weighing the chance 3
of Boer treks to that German colony after
the war is over. The author on the whole
considers the Boers would be an undesir
able element.
As further details about the attempt on
the life of the Prince of Wales at Brus
sels CQm© In the German press changes
its cue and considers it In the light of a
farce. The Voerwaerts to-day, grouping
all the evidence, says:
"The whole thing was a dumme dungen
strelch (youngster's escapade), and it is
preposterous to seek therein proof of in
ternational anarchism or any politics
whatever."
Mr. Andrew D. White, the United States
Embassador, has secured passage on
board the Deutschland for July 29 alone,
mailing from Cherbourg after viewing the
Paris Exposition hurriedly. He will at
tend his daughter's wedding and will visit
Washington before returning here.
Mr. White has sent some reminiscences
of Tolstoi and others to a New York mag
azine and has about finished a long his
torical work.
CHINA WARNED
TO SUPPRESS
THE "BOXERS"
Given Two Months in Which
to Break Up the
Society.
Representatives of the United States
and European Powers Send an
Ultimatum to the Peking
Government.
LONDON, April 7.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai announces that the Ameri
can, British, French and German minis
ters have sent a. Joint note to the Chinese
Foreign Office demanding the total sup
pression of the society of "Boxers" within
two months and announcing that other
wise the powers mentioned will land
troops and march into the interior of the
northern provinces, Shantung and Chili,
in order to secure the safety of foreigners.
According to the same dispatch the
American, Italian and French legations
are now provided with naval guards from
the large gathering of warships at Taku.
Liv Kun Yin, Viceroy of Lang Klang,
has had three audiences with the Dowager
Empress relative to the Emperor, and It is
believed he has impressed her with the
advisability of restoring his ilajesty to
.power.
WASHINGTON. April 7.— lt Is said at
the State Department that the last heard
from Minister Conger of the United States
within the last few days was that there
was no substantial chanpe in the situa
tion in China. The Minister has not in
formed the department of the concerted
action of the powers reported from Pe
king. It is said here that so far as the
United States Minister is concerned noth
ing has been done to commit the United
States Government to action in combina
tion with the powers. Mr. Conger's in
structions enabled him to make as strong
a presentation as he may deem necessary
of the desire of his Government that full
protection should be extended to Ameri
can residents in China. It was entirely
proper for him to couch this demand in
strong language and even to intimate the
intention of the United States Government
to undertake through its own agencies to
supply the needed protection to our citi
zens should the Chinese Government fail
in its duty in that matter. In doing this
Mr. Conger might have acted in precisely
the same line as representatives of some
of the great European powers at Peking,
but the officials are confident that he did
not become a party- to any concert of ac
tion. The United States Minister was spe
cifically Instructed on this point that he
must act on his. own responsibility, and
while his course might lie parallel to that
followed by other Ministers resident In
Peking, he must under no circumstances
join with them in a concert.
Just how far the Minister has gone In
the«dlrection indicated is at present un
known here. The naval officers do not
believe that he has yet summoned a naval
force from Admiral Watson's command
to guard his quarters at Peking, for In
such case, they assume, the naval com
mander addressed would have notified the
Navy Department by cable. The Minister
appears to have anticipated the necessity
for something of the Kind, however, for
a month ago. he suggested to the State
Department the expediency Of having «
warship. • .
Beauty Secret
Remarkable Discovery Whereby
Every Lady May Now Attain the
Perfect Bloom of Youth.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
Prepaid and Sealed in Plain
Wrapper to All Who Send
Name and Address.
It has remalntd for a Cincinnati woman to
Clßcover tk« secret of a. perfect skin. Bhe has
at last found the key to feminine beaaty. All
the elrhs and heartache* over a poor appoar-
e.nce may now be banished, for It U within
the mean* of every lady, young- or middle aged.
to have the dearest and most refined complex-
lon co dear to a woman's heart. And what U
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FItAJS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AriiLL tt, IUOO.
DON'T NEGLECT
YODR KIDNEYS.
They Are the Most Important Organs of
the Body.
To Test for Yourself the Wonderful Curative Properties
of Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Every
Reader of the "Call" May Have a Sample Bottle
Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
S ¦ f Xv B *— "i I
NO PLATES f^lg-i
ESTATES, LEGACIES AND UN-
CLAIMED MONEY
E\GLAND.~SCOTLAND or
IRELAND.
EEAIICHES BT KXPERTS-BEST LEGAL.
ADVICE.
If you have a t>cna fide claim to an Estate
In the Old Country, or to a fund in Chancery.
or to a Legacy which you wish to r«?cover.
wrtta <flve-ce« ttamp) to THE ESTATES
TiKAI>I7.ATION COMPANY. 7 ana S Great
Winchester Str-*t. E. C. LONDON. ENG-
LAND. <Estat>ii6he<l 1596.)
This advertisement will not appear again.
f9k CHtCHE6TE<VS CNGUBH
S>V\ &-JM/L foT CIIICIH>TEirs KNGLISU
Lr*~*Z ! -£*C;-»\ '¦¦- UED «•-.-! iio'.d nx-unic Urn •»».<•!
*>-y — - >3»Z U». ribh«B. Takes* other. K<fn.«
¦*""* '** s » *''•} "n^tnn and Imlta~
{'I ~ (X «*•»»• B"7B "7 » f y* r l>roc t i»i * r and 4e. la
I »¦ r T « p «i tor Parties!*!-*. TeattMaatata
l-p O ac4"CcJl«rferL«4lWu>(t<ur,t>Tro.
_> P l.r. MalL Im.(»'l)T,ubm-.,,. ««;n»
I all Drt«i»u. Ckleaeater Chemical Cal
•CesUoa lUf ,•;«:. H><lm< *«aarc. Pill Li.^ v£
Poino'c
Id i llu o
Celery
Compound
75 Cents.
NO MORE.
NO LESS.
And this price every day
In the year.
SEND FOR 100-PAOE
ILLUSTRATED CATALOOUE.
Palne's Celery Compound 75c
Plerce's Prescription 75c
Pierces Dlscoiery We
Plnkham's Compound ...75c
Baker's Honduras Ssrsaparllla. .75c
Hoci's SarsaparlHa.. 75c
Ayer's 5ir5apar111a .......... 75e
Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 size... 75c
Carter's Hair Renewer 50c
Carter's Llthla Tablets....... 25c
Yaldler's Violet Ammonia 25c
« Swamp Root 40c
Syrup of F1g8....350
Carter's LlTBr.Pllls.lsc
THE OWL DRUB CO.
Cut-Rat* Drurglats,
Itaa MAKKtST BT.
BAM ntANCUSCO.
lOth ond Broadway
fn— mm* Otkland.
|| ffl 11 1 ii^M^^ißlllra and let us make you up a neat, dressy suit or over- f j ||i I;l \
ill JIIBIm^^ coat, such as would cost about $17.^0 or $20.00, were Ij | jA j M
II 1 'ilfflliß We wiil ma^ c the suit or ° verc ° at f°rsf ° r $ i i's° and I 1 ) 1 j j \ Pi]
BrmSiljl IIASIiBEII I I!\ qUa ou can select your clotll from a lar S e assortment Wj I (4 Ml Hf
1 Wiiili 1 ISP™ 11\ °* P atterns and k ave the suit or coat mad e in any of f/| I 7
i-I'lllll \ I llil llllu^S [wPkli \\\\lv\ Slnzle " breasted " Ck WUh P ' aln CC g 0 1,Ts y e!e f cUon'ofTrLy a Shs I ytwS,l^^ '"/I
ilSililPf I illsßMll\\ Si^ P|^ sSSa^cutaTay ILpt I|/| I \i I
HI I 1! I 111 llSS^^lwi^ Double-breasted sack with plain shorter and has outside pockets. jF[ j| ! j|[s>V4l 1
111 [I J j I I ||^ SJ »SQJEfI2^ Doutili-breastcd sack with silk Wmtsr'ovfr'coat, slightly longer |j \ jßj jjhfu^pi |
i MlT^^^liif As we have said before, we purchased the cloth J (!| Jjjr V ill 1 lit U |
H Si I 1 X Pf for this sale before the trade prices went up and con- jj !fi» V I||\ \| E
111 iII ||' S equently are a*ble tb make the clothes for this price. 1 || » \ H|l| \\ g
I 11 J- X I Perhaps you are in need of a spring suit? Do you I] || j 1 1 11 \\ i
1 111 I II 718 Market, St. and Cor. Powell and Eddy. Ij| j| l|l|| |R
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL
15P# h .y«^«f« IF. A. Hunter
R. J. Van Voorhiea j
BERKELEY".
Kelsey Pharmacy E. C. Prtnd!«
Model Drusr Store Brothers Bro*.
H. 3. Squlrea W. R. Pond
HAYWABBS.
J. J. Mac Donald & Co.U. Deano
MARYSVILLE.
A. H. Bartmer IFUnt A Croo»
C C. Rabel |W. E^chind
OAKLAND. ,'
A, L. L«ber Fred gandatta
W. D. Alpln * Co. I. Tobrlnor
West Oakland Phar- Red Croas Druj O^
xnacy Glean McDrlds
C. K. Smith H. H. Skelllnx
Colllna Broa. O. A. Herser
R. B. Bell C. O. Wentwort*
James Machlve J. H. Heath
Garratt & Ttmrt F. B. Hetder
U J. We»tlake J. H. Swart
Wlßhart'a Drujf Co. Bowman A Cw.
REDWOOD CITY.
P. A. Ryan i
SANTA CLAEA.
J. O. Robinson fS. Oberdeener
STOCKTON.
Eaple Drug Co. J. d. Gray
8. T. Clayea Oeorre OberdMm»
Holden Drug Co. PatteVson Pha^maa
Stockton Drug Co. Gateway Dru* cl
H. M. Comma. _R. l. Boehnf.
SAN JOSE.
N. K. V&rls ft Son J. G. Mnnaon
McKenny Drug Co. E. ii Bake?
G. W. Morehead Wagner
SACRAMENTO.
George J. Walt H. E. TArr!i-»
C kl T PeferT t' SSS^
c J. feters j r, r m, <n
?:^^a 8«h«.8 «h«. j^oV^ araa c
SAN LEANDBO.
O. J. Lynch ¦ |
VALLEJO.
WOODLAND.
J. R. Bhelton \n xtr •»•._
J. V. Letthold The^n^'" I™^!1 ™^!? 11 * 11
* Tn e Corner Drug Store
YTTBA CTTT.
A. B. Kosby * ~
Ycu can't afford to pay ¦
doctor's bills. Pure food j
is economy — poor food !
is poison.
Find a dependable grocer. !
Asparagus t cant for 45c !
Del Monte — best — grass ;
packed — choice — just in — j
regular 30c— 3 days' sale ;
Olives 1 8c
California Queens — caan j
big fat ones — meaty— \
sweet delicious — mouth ¦ j
I water? — the 25c grade—
3 days
Crackers 30c \
yi boxes — about 10 Ib — **>* i
xtra soJa — crisp — 3-Ib 1
carton 1 5c— 3 days' sale
Farina J l Ac i
Heckers— a favorite^- ib
good as gold— ioc kind —
; 3 days sale -
Laundry Soap b J r ,Si.oo ?
Kind that lasts— regular
4%c bar— big bars— 3 days :
Kitchen Salt 25c
• 50 lb bags — clean — fc«e
white — 35c grade — 3 days
Check your orders — :
Across the bay people should
letve orders in the A. M. — |
get package check. Ready at \
night in a jiffy. J
CASH STORE
&;; lira ill*.
dent. It adopted a resolution calling on
the State Board of Medical- Examiners to
proceed against what the board called
quack doctors, operating without a li
cense.
D r-.J If L nderson was elected to repre
sent the board at the convention of State
and provincial boards of health at At
lantic City. N. J.. June 2 and 3. A re
?Sh» as TJT J? < ielved,i eIved , , and a PProved from
John L. Klrkpatrick, inspector of the
southern transportation lines.
SLIGHT WOUND
FOR DUELIST
SAINTE A LERY
Little Blood Shed in a Two-
Hours' Combat at
Paris.
Result of the Second Affair of
Honor Resulting From the De
Lubersac-De Rothschild
Quarrel.
>
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Fress.
PARIS, April 7.— A duel between Comte
de Deon and M. de Sainte Alery, the re
spective seconds of Comte de Lubersac
and Baron Edouardtle Rothschild in their
quarrel, was fought this morning in the
Hippodrome at Neuilly le Vailois. De
Sainte Alery was slightly wounded in the
sixteenth onslaught and the duel waa then
stopped.
The combat lasted nearly two hours.
M. de Sainte Alery, who was slightly
wounded in the right arm, was taken
home at once. Count de Deon fought In
dehance of his doctor's orders, who coun
seled a further postponement of the duel
owing to his sprained wrist.
The talk of society is of the crop of
duels springing from the De Lubersac-De
Rothschild quarrel, which is really the
lirst fruit of the present anti-Semite ma
nia. The whole affair is of trivial origin
dating from" the school days of the two
principal actors, when 'on one occasion
Count de Lubersac found Baron Robert
de Kothschild in possession of the college
tennis court and asked him to quit. De
Rothschild rtiused, and in the course of
a dispute which ensued De Lubersac
called him a "dirty Jew." The resultant
ill feeling lasted during the remainder of
their college days.
Comte de Lubersac was recently a mem
ber of the jockey club. An unpleasant re
mark was repeated to him. which he at
tributed to Ms old disputant, and he
thereupon wrote an insulting letter to
liaron Robert de Rothschild. Although
the seconds decided that the lact that the
baron wa3 a minor debarred him from
seeking satisfaction, a meeting between
the two is only postponed, as De Roths
child is determined to settle the matter
upon the field of honor.
Three other duels, of which one was de
cided on Wednesday and one to-day, are
the Immediate outcome of the quarrel ana
are directly traceable to the hostility of
the rival Semitic and anti-Semitic cliques.
The offensive reference to De Roths
chUd'e second. M. de Sainte Alery, insin
uating that he is a "Jewish coward."
made In the letter written by the Comte
oe Deon and Comte Bonl de Castellane in
their capacity as De Lubersac's seconds,
brought a challenge from M. Sainte Alery
to Comto de Deon. who was the principal
second of De Lubersac.
This attack on the De Rothschilds is
considered most unkind, as they are re
markable for their generosity toward all
charitable undertakings In Paris.
HEALTH OFFICERS MEET.
Medical Examiners Asked to Proceed
Against Quack Doctors.
SACRAMENTO. April 7.— Tho State
Board of Health met this afternoon at the
office of Dr. A. M. Henderson and elect
ed Dr. R. W. Hill of Los Angeles presi-
Nominations at Roseburg.
Fr>e''!!il riFpat^h to The CaM
ROSEUI'RG. Or.. April 7.— The Republi
can County Convention to-day nominated
the following tickxt: Senator, A.
C. Marstc-rs; Representatives — A. R.
Mattoon and C. B. King; Sheriff.
E. L. Parrott: Clerk, D. R. Sham
brook; Assessor, J. A. Sterling;
Treasurer, G. W. Dimmick; School Super
intendent. F. B. Hamlln: Commissioners —
M. I>. Thompson, A_ E. Nichols; Surveyor,
William Bripgs; Coroner, Dr. J. C.
Twitchell.
MRS. DEWEY'S
STATEMENT TO
THE PUBLIC
Disclaims Responsibility for
the Candidacy, of the
Admiral.
>
Declares That She Attempted to Per
suade Him Not to Enter the
Presidential Cam
paign.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, April 7.— With the consent of
the admiral. Mrs. Dewey made this
formal statement this morning with
a view to offset the impression that she is
responsible for her husband becoming a
Presidential candidate:
"A correspondent said T am responsible
for my husband becoming a Presidential
candidate. So far from this being the
case, I attempted to persuade him from
this course, realizing the grave anxieties
and responsibilities surrounding a candi
date."
When I called to-day and requested per
mission to see Mrs. Dewey I was first
greeted by tho admiral, who, being told
of the object of my visit, exclaimed:
"Why, of course Mrs: Dewey has a
statement to make. Come right in."
Mrs. Dewey was conversing with her
mother. Mrs. Washington McLean, who
had called to see the. admiral and Mrs.
Dewey, to hear all about their outing in
Philadelphia. Mrs. Dewey was cordial in
her greeting. She wore a becoming house
gown of crimson taffeta silk.
"Yes," the admiral went on to say, with
a twinkle in his eyes, "Mrs. Dewey wants
to make this statement because she wants
the people to know who is master in this
house, for Mrs. Dewey told me at the
time I deeded the house to her and then
to my son I was very foolish."
. Two women reporters were announced
just then. They had come from New
York tho day the official announcement of
the admiral s candidacy was made, and,
learning that Mrs. Dewey had accom
panied the admiral to Philadelphia, they
went there and again returned in quest
of an interview. Mrs. Dewey began her
statement, but was interrupted constantly
by, "Mrs. Dewey, is this all you are going
to say?" and entreaties that both the ad
miral and Mrs. Dewey make no other
statement to any other reporter. Mrs.
Dewey read on patiently, not losing her
temper in the least, but the questions not
ceasing, she exclaimed:
"I reserve the right of every American
woman— to speak when I wish and am so
Inclined."
Mrs. Dewey told me she and the ad
miral would go to their country place,
Beauvoir, on Monday next and remain
there as quietly as possible until their
Western trip. They expect to go to some
Northern vaterlng place later in the
summer, but their headquarters will be
at their country home here until mid
summer.
Mr. Chartran, an artist of New York,
will come to this city next week to paint
portraits of Admiral and Mrs. Dewey.
It Is Admiral Dewey's purpose to make
his future statements to the public
through the medium of communications
either to his personal political advfsor3
or as addresses to the public and to au
thorize publication through all' newspaper
channels at the same time. He also in
tends to make these statements few and
far between.
Admiral Dewey said to-day that he
probably would not make more than one
official statement, in which he would
briefly but emphatically define his at
titude on all of the leading national ques
tions. When he will make this statement
he does not himself know. J He .said he
desired to consult with some of his ad
visors, but his mind was already made
up as to the kind of platform upon which
he desired to run. Admiral Dewey will
go to his country place on Monday and
in the quiet of this place, after hearing
from the "astute men" who, he says, are
interested in his candidacy, he will begin
the preparation of a letter setting forth
his views on leading issues.
The admiral is still reticent as to who
these "astute men" are and seems some
what uncertain as to the prospects for
any thoroughly well-defined, organization
for conducting his campaign.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Epworth League Election.
. SACRAMENTO. April 7.-The Sacra
mento district Epworth League, which !s
holding a convention at Oak Park near
this city, this afternoon elected the fol
lowing officers : President, G. D. Kellogg
Newcastle: district superintendent of ju
nior leagues, Mrs. Fannie Poorman, Sac
ramento; first vice president, Mrs. E. R
Willis, Grass Valley; second vice presi
dent, Miss Mary Crouch, Chico; third
vice president, Miss Maud Garvey, Marys
viile: fourth vice president. Mrs. M. J
Powell, Marysville: recording and finan
cial secretary, Mr. Rogers, Oroville
treasurer and corresponding secretary J
Barmicot, Newcastle.
i«^ ?. e 7., hOtel The Bradbur y- All rooms sunny.
1604 Californa at., cor. Polk, near Van Ness. •
NEW CUSTOM HOUSE
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
Secretary of the Treasury Gag« Com
mends Kahn's Bill Providing
for Its Construction.
Special Dlßpatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— Secretary
Gage has written a letter to Chairman
Mercer of the House Committee on Public
Buildings and grounds warmly commend
ing Congressman Kahn's bill providing
for a new Custom-house at San Fran
cisco. The committee requested a report
on the bill from Secretary Gage, and, in
compliance wtth this request, the Secre
tary says ' a three-story-and-basement
building. covering 40,000 square feet
ground area, will be sufficient. The build
ing, including heating and ventilating ap
paratus, with vaults, elevators and ap
proaches, all fireproof in construction,
could be erected for $1,500,000. In case a
new site be decided upon the property
could be procured for $1,000,000.
Kahn's bill provided for the services of
SA2T FRANCISCO.
C. L. Barrington
J. A_ Bright
Ariel Pharmacy
I>. D. Green
N. G. W. Greenburg
R. TV. Coffin
J. H. Winter
J. 11. Dawson
E. Happersberger
H. W. Kllbourne
Emery P. Gates & Co.
H. G. Oerdes
Bateman & Brooks
Bay City Pharmacy
Wl there Drug Co.
K. J. McGtvens
Winter & Co.
F. B. Cutler
A. O. Schmidt
Golden Gate Pharmacy
George N. Loehr
C. H. Hammlt*
Dr. Grazer's Pharmacy
lioykens' Pharmacy
A. C. Drewiti
Wakelee & Co.
Kibbler's Pharmacy
A. H. Smith Drug Co.
Val Schmidt Co.
Dr. E. D. HUI
Eagle Pharmacy
D. Ryan
Baumlster Pharmacy
A. V. Doyle
L. D. Staples
C. E. Phelan
Charles A. Bayly Jr.
Twin Peaks Pharmacy
J. 6. Warren
D. M. Fletcher
O. A. Root
F. B. Hultlng
J. J. Mahon»y
H. P. Wynne
C. O. Fauda
P. 11. Rossi
J. H. Swain
Montgomery • strut
Pharmacy
R. C. Myer»
h. Ingram
C. Faldbush
D. B. Todd
M. M. McLaughlln
K. L. Battelle
N'uevo Pharmacy
Richmond Hall Phar-
macy
T. H. ttoTlea
Dr. Qulgley's Phar-
macy
Pharnely Pharmacy
J. H. Boyson
Model Pharmacy
Eugene D. Artenay
Polytechnic Pharmacy
D. D. Hunt
Ferry Druir Co.
N. F. Frledhofer
H. B. Khaw A Co.
M. R. Bernhelm
W. S. Ton Krakta
H. Laldlaw
F. Falk
A. E. Scamell
Schumate PharmtrT
Seavejr'» Pharmacy
Dr. Lalner's Fhar»
macy
No Pcrcestage Drue
Co.
E. W. Joy
Geors« Dahlbender
NATIVE DAUGHTERS TO
BEAUTIFY REDWOOD CITY
Have Raised Sufficient Funds to
Transform California Square
Into a Park.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 7.— The local
parlor of Native Daughters, which has as
sumed the responsibility and expense of
beautifying California square, a block of
land In the heart of the town, has suc
ceeded In raising sufficient funds to war
rant them in proceeding with the work.
For a number of months past the Na
tive Daughters have been working with a
will upon the matter and have during this
time given numerous benefits and enter
tainments, and the public has responded
freely.
Already the unsightly trees and fences
have been removed from the square and
recently a contract was awarded to
fill in the park with good, rich soil. It Is
thought that it will cost about $1280 for
the filling alone.
As soon as this part of the work Is com
pleted a landscape gardener will be em
ployed to lay out the park and plant lawns
and shrubs.
A large artificial pond. with a fountain
In the center will be constructed, and
when the work Is completed the park will
be turned over to the town authorities.
who will thereafter see that it is properly
kept in order. As the town owns the
water system, the cost of maintaining the
park will be comparatively small.
The Native Daughters deserve great
credit fpr the work they have undertaken
in thus beautifying the town.
<~O»JISTrRV ORD"RS REC;EI\/E F»RO/nF»T ATTENT
New EmbrolderiES-
i&C Tare.
You cant afford to
miBS th I c bargain.
New Cambric Em-
broideries. Th»y are
ail wide marnin and
open-work ef I c c t k ;
beautiful patterns;
sold regularly at 2'oc
and Iflc a yard. Spe-
cial at !!»«¦.
BLACK REMNANT SALE AT HALF PRICE,
Our salea of Black Dress Oocf.s In the past three weeks
have been the larjre?t In the history rl this department Many
Rernnent!" were accumulated, in leßStba from two to six yards.
They comprise all the fashionable weaves, such as Silk Mate-
laryes. Crrpons, Vcnptians, Camel's Hair. Cheviots and many
other well-known fabrics. With utter disregard to the cost, we
offer the er.tlre lot at
Gn3-H s lf the Original Selling Price.
Cotn« prepared to-morrow to receive Great Remnant Bargraini.
CHOICE 1900 WASH GOODS.
The largest aad most complete assortment of choicest and
mont fashionable Wash Materials ever exhibited.
Here w* mention only a few items for this week's special
Belling;
Uornori7ari FnnlarHc They are made of Cctton throughout, but
nrCICCIIiCU rUUidlUb , he mercerlzint process and the clever
OflP 3 Y?Tn manner in which they are printed after
/UU 0 lalU. Foulard Silk desii>rr.s make th»m look Just
I'.ke the imported Foulards; they are fa«t colors and make ideal
turr.mer dresses.
Irlch nimltiac A nexr shipment itirt received. The prettiest
mill U1111.11C3 fiesiens in trolls, p^lka rpots and stripes; the
ICm « Ysri much-wanted colorlncs cf I'lnlt. Llßht Blue and
lUli a I aid. Lavender are in this- grand collection: guar-
anteed fast color*. On sale at 15c n yard.
WMtn artH Pn!n r Ofl No former stork wan ever so complete a*
Willie dRU.bUIOieU t h» |tn«l one. Fine white sheer fabrics
GrP 3 nd' S Jor Confirmation Drefpes, at the lowest
C v: "' price*. We aga.'.n make a special offer In a
White French Orpam'.y: CS inches wSd?; a nice, sheer QC/>
quality. Special at Yard OOW
A SILK WAIST OVATION AT $5.50 EACH.
THE BEST BARGAIN THIS YEAR.
TVe will offer, commend ns: to-morrcw. I^o Silk Walcts
that, for excellence in fit. style, quality and low price,
have never been ••urpaFHCd. A AValFt net before shown In
thlF city; eiairely new ftyle: tucked prettily all over sleeves.
front end back; In a!! the fashionable colors for sprlnp. CC.SO
Your choice at Each OO
A MONEY-SAYINB LINING- SALE FOR 3 DAYS
MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY.
For the next three /lays we offer our patrons an unusual
opportunity for MirchapinK Prrss Linincs and Notions at far
below the rejrular falling prices. A very larfte purchnsa of
Uning-R from an overloaded importer permits us to make the
following extraordinary offering: but remember, after Wednes-
day the old prices will prevail again:
9FP Duality Alsatian Moire, a new and handsome Taffeta Silk
XJI. yujlllj finish o lclrt Li n(nß . 33 i nches wide-in fashionable
Ffir (Dp color? of Purple, Heliotrope, New Blue, Gobelin,
rui I/(j. Cerise. Red, Navy. Brown. Turquoise, t Cb r'
Green and Black, the 2f.c grade. Special at Yard I -Jm\J
Silk MOTPPII The best l ua!lt y &"*¦ Moreen: the kind so much
Olin MUILCII VFP<i f or Petticoats; in all the popular colorings
4/C 3 I TO. and Black: 80l(1 all over at 50c. Spe- A.*}r\
SatP'n ! Illinff I7R 3 Yard The 2Kc Quality Pateen Waist I-in-
oaiC'll Llillll;, lib i fdlU. lnK: 36 i nches wlde; soft *~
finish; in Gray and Black. Special at Yard l(v
Fr?nPll Hair fi'flth The EOc qnallty 24-inch French Hair Cloth;
NCiIUI ndll V/.Ulll. So | d everywhere at 50c a yard. QOr»
Special price ' Yard Ouv
FrPIlPh Hair Hlnfh The 23c quality IC-lneh French Hair Cloth;
ntJilUI ndll UIUIII. sold all over at 25c a yard. Special ftlr
price Tard ¦& ¦v/
Bril'h BindinS: 5C Yard The 7c quality Brush Edge Skirt Blnd-
DIU II DlllUlllg Jli taiU. i nff . in all the leading colors. PS*
¦ Special price Yard U^/
flfirrflirnw Rinrfi*O r 91* Yarrf The 5c irrade Corduroy Skirt
LU'UUIOy DinUl g v^2j IdlU. Binding; in colors and QU
Black. Special price Yard O.;t
FIrPCQ Stockinet Dress Shields; In all sizes; the kind
UICOO ClllwiUai that always rells at 12»4c a pair. Special T,-»
Pair C C
rirOCC Nainsook Rubber Dress Shields; In all sizes;
UICM Olll^tUdi t he rcßulr.r price is 15c a pair. Special O/-»
Pair. JV-
FfPnph Pfim RfliP? fif 1 fln7Pn French Horn Bones; in sizes 7,
NCIiUI r.UIII DU IKb Oli UU£SII. g an(l 9 mci nch es; sold re e - /J^
ularly at 10c Special price Dozen Ow
SAMPLES OF EASTER NECKWEAR.
TOUR CHOICE. «t>l»T-O WORTH J2.00, $2.50, $3.00.
On display to-morrcw, a sample line of the daintiest effects
in Jabots, Corded Stock Collars and Chiffon Bows. These sam-
ples were closed out by us from a New York manufacturer at
ley* than the cost of material. For to-morrow and <j f .45
while the limited quantity lasts at Each O ¦
Black Taffetas. POfl^lH M I/AISS^Q Black Dress Taffeta.
2T Inches wide; de- \'4l>i f£ I W 1 ? a\( '1 »i nMIIIBHa- 21 inches wide; a
per.dabie In every Wsfinifli* <i* fear i \ V Ilin^fc.V" grand Silk for Drexs
rr-^Kf ¦ Htmnr,' >.»«• «""" "o Fllks that we cannot conscientiously stand tack of, and the reputa- purposes. The be sts t
..r riuiuni.iiarj t , rn o , nuf . gj Jk j Vrartrnent is sec ond to none in the variety of stylee, durability number ef Bonnet s
value. On special sile O f soods and absolutely the lowest prices. " nia ke; of an exception-
nt nilß fi^P FHIII ASH^ This line has evidently msde Its ffreat value felt. A oViDeclal Mle at '
t^r- . UUn fSOC rUULAnUO. Krea t many have been soM. and new styles are arriving special sale at
y»>C rWra nlm^Ft daily, 'tvp open ui> tn-mormv for this week's i-elllng; a bewildering variety QJ»r ,-_,
of the newest <>signs and ncwfft colorinp?. They are 14 inches wide, and QC^ t^^»w \anl.
Worth Jl- 25. the Fek'ctions have been confined to us exclusively. On sale at A yard OOw "Worth f1. 25.
Ph Mrpn c nraw?rc Made of irooa
CI.IHJIC.I b UldlfClb. Muslin; In all
f!;es; we rth 15c Special O/"»
Pair c/V*
We limit rach purchaser to fix pairs.
Milton's Drawers. t*jg£*X2i
trie ruffle. Epeoial O^tr*
Pair -it>W
I sHisc' Pr^WDre Good quality; with ex-
LCal:b _r. fc) i. tra wMe ruf-O^r»
fle. Fpprial Pair Zot
I i"l!oc' Hraivorc Fine cualltv Muslin:
LSuISS UraßßrS. with cambric ruffle
trlrr.med rrith pretty Torchon La<-e and 4
clusters of tucks. Special A O/-»
PalrT^Ot
I SffiPS 1 RflWn? Prettily tucked and
LfiUICJ Olnllj. hemstitched effects;
nlceiy finished. Special OA/»
EachOv/C
t>ook In nur Pbow windows for special
%aJueo in Skirts.
V/e commence To-morrow, Monday,
April 9th. w.th OUR FIRST SALE of
Undernvjslins of 1900. It will be an
event of exceptional importance and
intense interest to every woman who
appreciates the charms and comforts of
well cut, well made, stylish, serviceable
and dainty U iderwear The few items
here outlined give only a faint idea of
the GRAND VALUES to be had during
this Sale. Our bitter I nes not adver-
tised, will be sold at proportionately
low prices.
Pnrea* Hnwore ' Flr.ft Cambric; trimmed
bOrS3l UOrerS. wllh pretty Val- O^r»
enclennes Lace. Special -<&C»W
yOrSci uOiCIOf Lace and Embroidery
trimmed; grand value. Special QKq
I arfloc' Phomico Goo<l Muslin; nicely
LdQIcS inBIIIISB. trimmed with^Ov-.
Kmbroldery. Special *TOY/
I "ifiiflc' PhomlCfl Flnc Cambric; entire-
LCQISS UnSfTl'Sc. ly new styles: beauti-
fully trimmed with Lace. Spe- OCi/-»
clal OC*V»
I adioe' Cnu/no N**w effects; In liem-
LaaieS UOWnS, stitched styles; Off c
extra length. Special... ..¦ — OOW
I aHlec 1 RnwnC Empire style; hind-
Ldllkb Ulmll&t comely embroidered: ex-
ceptional value. Special.... <g |-'J5
a skilled San Francisco architect as as
sistant to the supervising architect of the
Treasury In preparing plans and specifica
tions, and for whose services $25,000 was to
be appropriated, but Secretary Gage does
not approve this provision and recom
mends its elimination. He suggests that
the limit of cost of the building, exclusive
of site, be fixed at $1,500,000. In conclu
sion Secretary Gage says:
. "The building now occupied as a
Custom-house was erected nearly fifty
years ago, and is In a very crowded con
dition and entirely inadequate for the ac
commodation of the business of the port.
It would appear that a port of the im
portance of San Francisco, the receipts cf
which are increasing every year, requires
a more commodious building in order to
properly accommodate the constantly
growing business."
This indorsement by Secretary Gage
will undoubtedly have great influence
upon the committee, from which a fa
vorable report at this cession is confi
dently expected.
DEMOCRATIC WHIPS
HUSTLING FOR VOTES
All Members of the House Minority
Urged to Work Against the
•Tariff Bill.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— The Demo
cratic members of the House held a cau
cus to-night to determine upon plans in
connection with the approaching vote on
the Porto Rican bill. About ninety mem
bers were present. The chief attention
was given to the question of pairs, as the
vote is expected to be so close that the
result may depend upon the pairing of
members. On motion of Underwood of
Alabama, the Democratic whip, the fol
lowing resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, That all Democratic members are
urpfpd to return to Washington at once.
That hereafter Democratic members will
make no general or permanent pairs.
That all pairs shall be made in writine and
shall be signed by one of the members desig
nated by our party caucus to arrange pairs.
Richardson, the Democratic floor leader,
offered the following resolution, which
was iinanimously adopted: . .
Resolved, That as a party we declare our
unalterable opposition to the measure . now
pending before Congress entitled "A bill tem
porarily to provide revenues for the relief of
Porto Rico," and hereby enjoin upon every
Democrat to be present In the House of Repre-'
Bentatives when the vote is taken thereon and
Another resolution by Underwood was
adopted asking Democratic members to
remain throughout the Porto Rlcan de
bate and, whenever reasonably possible,
to remain until the end of the session of
Congress. It is expected that the action
taken will enable the minority to make an
exceptionally strong showing against the
bill when the vote is taken next Wednes
day.
HARVARD MAY PAY
EXPENSES OF CUBANS
Objection Made to the Taking of Sub
scriptions for the Maintenance
of Teachers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. April 7.— lt looks as if the cor
poration of Harvard University would
take upon itself the expense of the main
tenance of the Cuban teachers during their
stay at the summer school, as well as the
expense of tuition. This matter will be
definitely determined at a meeting of the
corporation next Monday. In the mean
time the matter of selecting a general
finance committee has been held In abey
ance. It was feared that a general sub
scription would give the impression that
the object was in a certain sense a chari
table one. and such an impression would
entirely destroy tho effect of the good
work which it is hoped will be accom
plished by the visit. Hence the proposi
tion to place the matter entirely under the
direction of Harvard men.
Superintendent Frye is advocating the
celebration of the Fourth of July this year
with special reference to Cuban inde
pendence. In this project he has found
interested coadjutors in the Sons of the
Revolution and also in the daughters of
that respective body. Walter Gillman
Page and General Francis Appleton have
shown a warm interest in this idea, and
some of the veterans of the Cuban war
have expressed a desire to co-operate in
such a scheme.
REDWOOD CITY NOMINEES.
Contest Will Be for Offices of Treas
urer and Marshal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 7.— The regular
municipal election will be held at this
place on Monday next, at which will be
elected three members of the Board of
Trustees (full term) and one member of
the Board of Trustees (unexplred term of
G. Plump, resigned), one Clerk, one Treas
urer and one Marshal. The last two offices
alone will be contested, there being but
one nominee each for the balance of the
offices. .
Those whose names are on the ballot
are: For Trustees — James V. Swift, George
W. Winter and E. M. Hanson; for Clerk-
Daniel R. Stafford; for Treasurer, L. P.
Behrens and Philip Princevalle;.for Mar
shal—John Christ and Colon Stafford.
Bond Election Held.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SONOMA, April 7.— A bond election was
held here to-day for the purpose of voting
$20,000 for a municipal water system. This
is the third election held for that purpose
within the past two years. The proposi
tion being defeated twice, the City Trus
tees were desirous of submitting the ques
tion a third time, which has resulted In 9S
in favor and 58 against. A two-thirds ma
jority being necessary, the proposition
lost.
Will Issue Bonds.
RIVERSIDE, April 7.-An election was
held here to-day to decide the question of
the Issuance of $10,000 bonds for an electric
light plant, the proposition being carried.
A contract for the necessary machinery
will be let at once.
POMONA. April 7.— Pomona to-day
voted $30,000 bonds to build outfall sewers.
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
LUXURIES FOR
THE BRITISH IN
BOER PRISONS
Bank of Pretoria Cashes
Pay Checks Prom
London.
With the Money Thus Acquired the
Captive Men Are Enabled to
Keep Their Larder Well
Supplied.
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press
LONDON. April 7.— Superlatives have
been almo3t eliminated now from the war
comments, and with the <!isappearance of
possible foreign complications the editors
and public speakers take quite a moderate
tone and treat what is happening in the
war field with a certain historical per
spective. The depressing incidents of tho
week have caused Englishmen to resign
themselves to a long struggle. The dis
position to find fault with the War Office
tor not having anticipated the necessity
for the enormous number of horses seems
unjustified, for it is learned that before
the dash on Kimberley and the destruc
tion of horse flesh caused by the sur
rounding of General Cronje the War Of
fice wired to its agents all over the world,
particularly in North and South America,
giving them unconditional power to buy
horses unlimitedly until further orders.
The conditions in the way of assembling
and transporting the animals were such,
however, that horses bought a month ago
can hardly reach Lord Roberts before
June.
Nothing more was heard this week of
the movement Initiated by the Ministerial
members of the House of Commons to
Setition the Government to proclaim the
range Free State annexed to the British
empire.
London bankers are transmitting' gold
or Its equivalent regularly to the Trans
vaal In paying checks of British officers
who are held prisoners, and the Standard
Bank of Pretoria honors all such checks.
Therefore, as no limit is placed on the
luxuries bought by the prisoners they 'ive
in much comfort. In fact, their messes
are probably much better provided than
are those of the officers at Bloemfontein.
Some of the captives have been there four
months and have a regular service via
Hamburg and Lourenzo Marquez, which
brings them good things to eat. smoke,
drink and wear. The British officers box,
fence and play various games, including
billiards, an old table having been bought
in Pretoria.
There is no disposition hero to make
much over the attack made on the Prince
of Wales by Kip:dio. the anarchist lad. at
Brussels Wednesday, while the Prince
was on his way to Copenhagen, but the
British see in it the direct consequence of
the continental press Attacks on Great
Britain in connection with the war. Thus
the London Times says:
"The suppression of notorious facts, the
propagation of glaring falsehoods and
truculent abusiveness operating on weak
minds are almost certain, sooner or later,
to have an issue in actions from which, to
do the writers justice, they would shrink
with horror."
The Times holds the German press espe
cially responsible for the personal scur
rillitles directed against the Prince of
Wales, referring to the Kladderadatsch,
which is not a Socialist sheet, but which
ranks up toward London Punch. . Such al
leged scurrlllitles as the Kladderadatsch
prints are systematic, yet the Times avers
that the German press Is controlled, guid
ed, cajoled or coerced by the Government,
and that the German law of lese majeste
is the most stringent in Europe.
The fourth number of the Anglo-Saxon
Review appears this week with a gorge
ous canevari binding and a portrait, after
Sargent, of the editor. Lady Ran
dolph Churchill. The list of subscribers is
published, showing that the Review's sup
porters are more numerous in America
than in Great Britain.
© How is it this grand remedy stands out so strongly in tho electro-medical world? Because I have tiiil&iittfl
© thereby brought to ths front the most perfect body battery ever applied to the human system. Because I ptJUbV JffjjlFpali
© have so fearlessly exposed these who deceive the people by cheaply made, injurious appliances. I have
® seen many m&n imposed upon by ro^y-hued promises and 30-day trial offers. I have seen how patients
q have been drugged to death or tortured by needless operations, and when thoir purse gave out how they 1 -»*>E||?j||i
O were turned away as no longer worth treating. 1 have shown that electricity is the grandest cure for all ' f l^s^S
q pains and weakness. I have studio 1 and striven to develop this power, and by my method have cured the V fa
O ailments of both sexes in over 20,000 eases. Evidence of this is the unvarnished testimony or those whom X - IJksSSX "^ililig
my treatment has lasti gly restored, whose nerves I have mad j strong, whose blood has gone bounding I /""^ "^^^^^^^^^Si
q through their veins and thrilling them with new life and happy ambitions. In this way my y /^^^^^^tC^O^l
O has proved to be tho greatest restorer for pain and weakness ever used. Throughout the West and the East ~U^^^^^^^^^^^^
©Ihavebythi, means carried happiness and health to the home of the sufferer, cured the back bowed in ~~"-^^^^^^r^^y\'^^^ ¦§!
O pain, the limb crippled by rheumatism, the man, the woman worn down by weakness. My treatment will " *^C2i^>£^o V^lsPNil
q absolutely drive out your disease and re-enforce your nerves, your blood, your whole system with the y f&Wk^y^^'^^Pl^^^^
• CCRED HIS PAIN AND WEAKNESS. p.ij j m , mathnH onri X\ D HI * If ff lYirUfllT '' / ' l// /
_ grass valley, cai.,; April 5. im Lait and see my metnoa ana ijy raj a 1 r A ir N *,J'< \ K \ \yj X *-v^<w*M
©dr. m. a. 'Mclaughlin, '-'" ¦ ¦ ¦ —— ulXt "*• H * wvLrtuuuLin, /. . y% n*f\ tSv***!
gnj7 u ye^^ test- my appliances, or write for 7 C2 Market st.eor.geamv. s.f-: Burdiok ¦ ' ; &\£\ vvfliii
©lor the earth, and I wish I had seen your ' ti i. c • j a v '--Ol " \ v«^*i
o advertisement before, it would have mv npw hnnk finplv illiistratpri ' *«ok, cor. bpnng »ni Seooad Sts., / . ,VJ& \ &ifesS3
jZ saved me lots of pain and money on those Utj IICYY UUUK i llllClj UlUoll tUCU T . . Ik Jin\ \ VrB^?>"«aV r 8^?>"«a
JJ quacks who did me no pood. You can re- .^ ¦ IjO3 AngeieS- t /£?&& \ ¥&LVS£?i
|^-— ; Y^ eVer^ R '.^! J^ '"I : free '' ' NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. %W * WBM t
\ OhdlTlpOO^r
[Gift Day I
[Postponed]
To al l who CdFF
to call on any
of the followinp,
Dru§§ists,ci full
five cent jDacfcige
of thisu/onderfull
sheinjjoo will oe
given free
Asa shampoo
N.N.hdsnoeoutJl
S c tkskmpoo
or six shampoos
in onepaoKdpe
Twenty five cents
... A GREAT EASTER CLOVE OPPORTUNITY ...
W> have had Glove Sale? in the past, with values of which we were Justly proud. Again to-morrow and for the entire week
we announce one cf those rare offerings which undoubtedly will attract hundreds of buyers. They are- the production of a leading
French <~Jlove manufacturer and represent the following three leading styles so much In demand at the present time-
S-clasp Ca*tor Pique; 2-claMp French Uverseam; 2-clasp Pique Walking Gloves In all the latest shades and In all sizes
Every rair worth 51.25.
TOUR CHOICE AT Q^Q A PAIR.
tVE OT'AKANTEE HVERY PAIR AND FIT THEM IF DESIRED.
A Monday
Ribbon Bargain.
The best quality all
Silk Dlack Velvet
Satin-back nibbori. On
sale for Monday only.
No. E, De a yard.
Regular price lac.
No. 7, 13c a yard.
Regular price 29c.
orv
16OASOLIN 17 ENGINES
UrRCTTIvKS GAS KN'OINE WORKS it filllngr
many orders for Nome. 141-143 Flrrt St., S. F.
BALDNESS CURED!
Tl'e can iiroduce a luxurious growth of hair
or. nil bald heads. Our new discovery is per-
haps the most remarkable one of the century.
and deserves more than a passing: notice. In
order to thoroughly test our remedy call and ln-
vectisate.
Prudential Hair Physicians,
Room 430,
Parrctt Building:, Fourth Floor.
Offlce Hours— » a. in. to I p. in.
Open evening ty appointment.
TENTS AND < OVERS.
— CO.. tnanufacturera, big*, uou,
coven. U and S3 California »L
PILE.DRIVINa ENGINES.
WTlfctr-ston Eteam I'urr.pi & Water Metem.
Mun£y Uclntlns Engines. Tatum ft Bowen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
The notable feature of the discussion was
an eloquent speech delivered In support
of the amendment by Vest of Missouri.
The amendment was pending" when toe
Senate adjourned, the voto upon it dis
closing the fact that no quorum was pres
ent.
The discussion of Government support
of sectarian schools was precipitated by
the following amendment, offered toy
Jones of Arkansas:
That the Secretary of th« Interior may make
contracts with present contract schools for th«
education of Indian pupils during th« fiscal
year endinr June 30. 1901, but shall only make
such contracts at places where the Govern
ment hae not provided school facilities for all
th« children of school age residing- thtreat,
and to an extent not exceeding the number of
children In attendance at said contract school
at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30.
IKK).
Thurston, in charge of the bill, opposed
the amendment, taking the position that
the Government should pursue a policy of
providing for its own schools. He depre
cated any reopening of the question which
six years ago had been a subject of dis
turbance and serious discussion through
out the country. The matter, he thought,
had been settled at that time by the adop
tion of a policy of reducing the appropria
tions for contract achools 20 per cent each
year until the contract schools should
nave been abandoned entirely. He con
cluded by saying that the Secretary of the
Interior had advised the committee that
all Indian pupils could be provided for in
the Government schools. He deemed it
the true policy of the Government to car
ry on its Indian schools without reference
to any religious sect. He regarded, too,
any agitation of tho subject as unwise.
Jones' Pl«e for th© Red Man.
Jones made a strong appeal for th«
adoption of his amendment. Ho said It
was not a revival of the contract system,
but was a proposition simply to permit
tho Secretary of the Interior to enter into
contract for the accommodation of the In
dian pupils who could not be accommo
dated in the Government schools. He de
clared that if such an amendment as he
had offered were not adopted 2GOO Indian
pupils would be without school facilities
after the present fiscal year, as it was
well known the Government schools were
entirely inadequate.
Kyle expressed th* opinion that the
proposition involved a mixing of the
church and state that wa« undesirable.
"I don't believe it's a mixture of church
and state." said Jones. "This is simply
a question of educating these children— a
question of justice."
Teller said he was assured that even if
the amendment were put into the bill it
would not be enacted into law. He
thought, therefore, that the Senate better
endeavor to provide some other means of
educating the Indian children.
Thurston said the contract schools were
established by the Catholic church for
missionary purposes ard for the advance
ment of a great Christian purpose. He
said that the Commissioner of Indian Af
fairs had authority now to purchase the
buildings of the contract schools, but the
Catholic church, desiring to continue the
work of the schools, declined to sell them
to* the United States.
Vest of Missouri, prefacing his remarks
by the statement that he had always been
a Protestant and had no sympathy with
many of the dogmas of the Roman Cath
olic church, pronounced a brilliant eulogy
upon the Jesuits for their work among
the Indians. In the course of his remarks
Vest paid tribute to Booker T. Washing
ton for his great work among the colored
people of the South. He took off his hat,
metaphorically, said he, to Mr. Washing
ton. Professor Washington had struck
the keynote of the great negro problem,
he said, by teaching the colored youth
how to labor. This, he added, was the
true secret of the success of the Catholics
in thejr work among the Indians. They
taught them how to work.
Jesuits and Their Work.
This great undertaking had gone for
ward until. Vest said, the American Pro
tective Association and .the cowards who
were afraid of it had struck down the
appropriation for the continuance of the
work. He declared that he was ashamed
that any American should uphold such
work of a secret political society. He
would denounce it if it were the last act
of his life.
He ridiculed the American Protective
Association for adopting a resolution de
manding his impeachment for saying on
the lloor of the Senate what he was now
saying. Vest eloquently told of the re
sults of the work of the Jesuits among
the Flathead Indians, saying In this con
nection:
"I say now there Is not in th© world
an object lesson so striking as may be
seen from the windows of a Northern
Pacific train as it passes through the
reservation of these Indians. The Jesuits
have rescued these Indians from degra
dation."
He said the Jesuits were not doing the
work for love of the Indian, but "for
love of Christ."
"I am not afraid to say this, because
I speak from personal observation. In
my opinion every dollar put by the Gov
ernment into the Indian day schools
might as well be thrown into the Po
tomac River with lead weight attached,
or burned up with the idea that the
smoke by some mystic power of idolatry
would accomplish the work for which it
was appropriated."
"I don't believe." said Lodge of Mas
sachusetts, addressing the Senate in a
brief reply to Vest, "that it is right to
tax one man to support another man's
religion."
Upon that proposition. Lodge main
tained, it was not right to appropriate
the Government money to support any
branch of the Protestant church, yet
when he opposed the payment of money
for the support of Catholic contract
schools he was called a "bigot" or an
"insectivorous politician." It was a plain
and simple principle, he said, that the
public money should not be used for the
support of any sect or religion.
Vest asked Lodge if he had not support
ed the taxing of Catholics in -Massachu
setts for the support of the common
schools. "' ¦¦'. ¦-*-_:
Lodge replied that he had, but as the
common schools were open to all and
taucht no creed he regarded th© taxation
as perfectly proper.
Duncan's Efforts Praised.
Gallinger of New Hampshire opposed
the proposed amendment in an earnest
speech, in the course of which he referred
to the work done by Mr. Duncan among i
the Metlakatla Indians. In a brief speech j
Shoup of Idaho called attention to the fact j
that while Mr. Duncan's work was tho '
most notable, in his opinion, ever accom
plished by one man among Indians, he '
had performed it without ono dollar or as- '
sistance from the United States Govern- j
mfnt.
The debate was closed by Carter of
Montana, who pleaded for school facili
ties for the Indian children in Montana.
He could conceive of no religion that
would lower the condition of the North
American blanket Indian. He said there
were 1070 Indian children in Montana to
day who would have to be educated In the
contract schools or go without education
in any form, as the facilities supplied by
the Government were absolutely inade
quate. He was strongly of the opinion
that in the circumstances the facilities of
the contract schools ought to be utilized
by the Government. /
An aye and no vote on the amendment
was demanded. The vote was: Ayes, 14;
noes, 21— no quorum, and the Senate ad
journed at 4:50 with the amendment still
pending.
WILL STUDY PARASITES.
County Entomologist Ehrliorn of
Santa Clara to Qo to Bolivia.
Special M*patch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. April 7.— County Entomolo
gist E. M. Ehrhorn will leave here May
1 lor an extended trip to Bolivia and
South America to study and procure para
eites that will eradicate the black scale
that is to be found in orchards. The Su
pervisors have granted him six months'
leave of absenoe for this purpose. The
matter is one of great importance to or
chardlsts and the fruit interest* of Santa
Clara County.- Commissioner Ehrhorn
will make a ppecial study of insects and
ladybirds of Bolivia and it 1b believed that
remedies' for most of the '"orchard pests
of this State can be found.
Town Purchases Lighting Plant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEDFORD, Or.. April 7.— The electric
light -plant> ln this city owned by R. A.
Proudfoot was purchased by the city of
Medfonl last nißht, the consideration
being JSOOO. The city owns the water
works here and will operate them in con
nection with the electric lieht plant. After
mature consideration of this step by the
recently elected City Council this pur
chase was deemed both economical and
advantageous to light and — ater consum
ers.
llr». M. Hopkins of the famous Globe Millin-
ery. 114 Sixth street, for the- greater convenience
of her many patrons In the northern and west-
ern part of the city, hae opened at No. 4 Sixth
etreet. near Market, the Hopkln* Art Millinery,
a perfect little gem and strictly up-to-date. At
either store ehe has a complete stock, of the
Utest Easter millinery creation*.' •"
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. ) THE EMp Q ]arP ?[- |. TBE - ??___-__-_:
Jr^&^lßutterick's Battericfs, the most w fth its Easter decorations of hundreds of dollars' worth Egg Dyes, D«Jag the entire /^-=»^. ' ll '-j\
MCV\\ilior May. ffKSTbiS' of rare palms and choice St Joseph lilies, together with Special, 3c. %*£.**s££ s-^ &% J
\Kr^M J tions for Maj are ready. The May number the Special displays of bright hlied, Springtide merchan- Poisonous Egg D* OB ft 3c fc /
%LA _SpSS?? wmbeTn 3 Sl7_o2S?X d . ise > Presents a scene of brilliancy, rarely if ever equaled in „ mercan- it^S^TJ^ /f^ D '
.I^^ larire Pattern Department is on the first tile establishment in America. You will not regret the time spent m variegated colora, and the heads of famcu? / / /T\
i rs^J/y^^ / floor, off the Rotunda. coming to see the Eister store — you cannot afford to miss this charming men reproduced. Pull directions with each /J i/^ — '
I^aQ^N . Z. ~" A-*- spectacle. A number of surprising speclal-before- P acka s 9 - (ihlkb
>, W\^ EBsioi \ Sd ja V ckTt 8 fof ?£ faster Sales have been placets for this week. Never . f Special Eaater Can dy \\ P^ M %
f r/\ */ Jackets, price, double and single before have prices on seasonable wearing apparol and every- day Ji jT. Eggs, also fancy eand; W^zdtf^f
I ' 6_KM / breasted fly front, and the Eton Jacket necessities been SO COnvisiCingfy IoW. * / UantlißSm boxes and novelties for 1 /^o!lvfcy
V_^\\\\) A A with flaring collar; all twilled silk lining— . the Holidays.
J^/yii^A these are Ulster specials $7.45 _ _ . _. . -, , Finest French mixed candies, 3 lbs. for •> W
Four new styles of Jackets, highly tailored; .^^ }Att Amazing Here i 3i 3 a rare Glove bar- p/00, per lb 35 f X
ir^ some lined throughout with plain, others lEaStef GSOVG g am J ust at the time G1 ° YeS Taffies per pound 25* ) //A
I/I with fancy silk; the materials, kerseys, (fff\'%/. *££»£•* are mo3t Wanted ' the Week vV^ CW<t 111 fTJSV" ? s»r \ ///)
ttr\^ coverts and black cheviots; actually a, >'AJ :\&S Offering. before Eaiter. We have secured di- fS??sS_?s_?nd!T^;M;_*"""'?__ \llf/J
I [L£\ ,• 4O good as most $12.50 jackets....s£.9s / $T Tect fro - the manufacturer at a very special price 2630 pain of ladies' 2- Fresh Salted Almonds, per pound _Oc W/A/
\r -¦ fe^i'" ' Elegant Eton Jackets, elaborately appliqued '/ 9 { clasp Gloves, that you will agree with us should be sold for at leaat $1.00 the *^\ii£-** m \.
If yS~yV&'^' reveres, high flaring collars, elegantly i pair. They are fresh, new goods, positively without blemish, made of soft, Easter CartfS * n Depart- f[ )_s\ X
1 Wvl M^"\\ lined and made, black and all shades, some /{ • elastic skins, gussets between each finger, carefully sewed, handsome stitoh- __ j af nva f// a o mant, first floor. \\^S^~*\
IV V\Tl//j\ r-> of them models worth $25, any one of them \J*-\S j ng O n back; all sizes, from 5j to 7J, in some of these colorings: anH ~O»B«'B*» Easter Cards from AJ *^ _f^\\
A\W//Ih^ » "al bargain at the price... $16.45 Tans Reds Black White Blue 3o to 19? each— Easter Booklet and J (g\. M_
l\U VI? Brown Modes Slate Pearl Green Novelties, Wo to 75o— Aluminum Easter ( C^f\/\LMi
\\\ V W E?s»Gt4e*v Tailor made Eton Dref*; The special price for Monday and Tuosttay only— per pair £»€&*¦» £r ard3> pr t U J, deBi^ n3 ' 19c ' -. . ,17 <\** J
Wfsi J T? 3e all wool, tan, browZ Bargain Table-Main Jiuie. O&O Koy of Ifaaraii, mft Epis les and f,m hsT^S
\M A light and dark gray and * . Gospels, bound m Palestine Seal round i V^fc^
W //{ blw gray; colors hfndsome; well fitting; . —— "T A corners redunder gold edgea-Pnohsher's >W^
A r/l/l, stylish-very special at the price SpQCBSSi SaiO We have purchased /\ price l^^J^'"^---'^Zn S W 7 If
\ll nflf II «fo tsn m m m o f •fnllTr nnofViir^ l«n<» * mm *»— -* L ¦-_ Catholic Prayer Books IUO to z>3*UU j>—^ jjl
M / I/// "" " ;; Ci*aite f S Luien «¦ fully one-third less QT^--'^--'^ Episcopal Prayer 800k5.... 650 to $5.00 y^lf
%jP TaSSSS Writing Paper. £» „ I^^\ f ",J& £fi££V%£rti£:
P^\lr~~\ straps— when these are gone °g ™° r ® " the best Linen Writing Paper made (the genuine Crane's), every {VvC\ > chickens, orange wood baskets filled with J^^JUn \
IL^ 3 •*, J\ such a low price qfftf.UU Bneat bearing their water mark, and will place the' same on /^ /-_„» eggs, etc., to fill with candies.^Jo to sOc /_s^Wr\ *^v
([ m/ f (^ip Eton Dresses, plain and appliqued, also other special sale Monday Only at the lowest price ever asked g\\fy^ — — ( f~\*S±^'
/"IQ£^' '^w new styles, the smartest line of new fine for genuine Crane's Linen Writing Paper, Octavo, Note and Packet /o / t/t^ \S\ _r_,««..l n ;# M Ta wialiie 1 STT/A \ V-
/I//. ' N \ dresaes at the price in San Francisco; they aiies, with Envelopes to match— \ -&L A_ J t.XqUIBIMe th_ Mrfee- vLM///\ I I
\/W Ar- 7n)\ look like those twice as costly 125 Sheets, worth 75c and 90c, for 3Og H" -^ j/ Wash FZthriCS. tion of for" I
• 125 EnVeI ° pc9 ' W ° rth 75C aDd 9 ° C ' fOr * 3 °° 7^ *i eTgn and American textile prodictioi you JP^ _
¦W^mTTT/ New Siiff Taffeta Waists, in six Bargain Tablt—CMain Aide. V- -J mT i 3 t B ee the collection that we have made WW _^z&}
TOW >er -- -Vr lgj* J color »; about 75 Bmall ¦ \J for Bummer 1900. Among them are: JvO^^^__7
vWaiSWS. tucks in clusters, some # v Scotch Madras, finely woven and a very «er-, VZ_^^_^
on sleeve tops, flaring cuffa; also a polka SpGGiat SaffC A jobber of fine SllK3 seeking a quick T i ce able fabric for waists, dreises and jm^^^
A iltYrSSi dot Batin waist that ia Bellin 2 qHick'y— _?_» ft* 25 SHBiS casn Purchaser for a large canceled outing shirts, width S2 inches, price._TOo flf \)^\
/\ U IIY both extra good values at $5.95 JT £ J ,3 Zt order of novelty silks found us, and Covert Suitings, for outing and country wear f mJA
fU \\ I//// Hemstitched and Tucked Waists, on front, TOI* JfJC Tai*U. so cheaply did we secure them that we are suits and skirta; there is no fabric more ( y-vji^-^*^
\l\\U 111// back and n P and down sloeve8 ' silver B ra y» enab'ed to make this astonishing offer: More than 100 different designs and colorings in suitable or serviceable than these serge / _3> <« J
\l\\\ Wo/V light blue, pink, lavender, cardinal, white 1900 Novelty Silks, mostly French and Swiss makes, in such desirable and much sought weave Cotton Covert; this year's colonnga /S I
IWf and black; also two other elual'ye 1 ual 'y M g . oo j for colorings as brown, tan, red, lavender, green, heliotrope, castor, navy, light blue, are more extensive than ever before, per jV f _i\/V\
\\W /~7\ styles; extremely well made and low priced black and white stripe, etc., suitable for waists, full costumes, fine linings and trimmings y ard -" • r •--•;;•••••".• 1£ } G V/A TIK 1 )
1 /J^\\l/h y at $7.45 —Silks that were manufactured to sell for $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2.00 and OOtf_ Printed Dimities and Batistes, m a wonder- yi (yf m//'/ •
\¥^-~(l&*\ All-over hemstitched and tucked Waists; $2.25 per yard- on special sale Monday Only S«l€# ful array of patterns and colorings, per I MgJ W^ \
kdJr?) 24-inch Fancy Striped Silks for shirt waists, yard... . $1.00 L^W T
WffP ') \M several styles just as good; all the colors. 22-inch Satin and Open Work Stripes, new colors, yard. . . .... . . $]'1O designs and colorings as this year, more |t \\U
IM I ) of couree; as an Easter -pecial..^9«9 J 24-inch foulard, satin or silk finish, yard . . . : 75C, 90C, $1.00 than 350 varieties from which to iefoc£ J
JSiv T *y°* mmaae J*t? A Short Lot Clothing -Many splendid ~sf/\ Easter *. cha^ '« B - ill
L>jK%^4 \K &KirtS. plenty of stitch- Salt** Continued bargains remain of GfA f~e[( \\ __ ,_:_-____— making of ribbona pur- \ I//J
Jim ing around the bottom; all the new shades _iS_____^ the short lot stocks T4 \jZ)l \\RihbOnS. chased here. The work \M/
fl HI I oi gray, mixed browns and blue; some of HMS UwGGn. Q f JJ en ' s Clothin_ >?fcv?_&S vifjCv 1 1 of OUT cx P ert bow makers » not "-celled s*\ WT
l\^ ///// anDliaue instead of stitching, and all ex- , _ .¦>,'.' ¦*,' ? • , , s %'% ' s \. • » anywhere. c \ \ A/ 1
«^^/(f tremely cheap at the price../.... 54.95 - nd Furnishings, bought from prominent manufac-^^m^^/fmf^ Elegant fancy ribbons for Easter Neckwear. r\V- V / 4—^
t^^_^[ \ / All-wool Black Sarge Cheviot Skirt, heavily turers. These are all new Spring Goods, in every in the very newest plaids, stripes and J&fi — \
\~= A/W silk appliqued, looks like a $10 skirt and way desirable and we Can Save yOU from N^^Wp^|l'i\i novelty effects, range m price per yard... „ Usy p-^M
\ \// is as well made-Easter special, that's the $3 fa $10 O» a Suit of clothes, $2 Oil pR^ l£MjMr 25 ° to **' so f f *\\ \JU
\ry^\/ «ason of the low price $6,45 faf^ an( j almost half on Furnishing Goods. W^&XWW YV/I*• Yl
i/n '" new flaring skirts, made of fine all- M , $ 2 0.00, $15.00 and $12.50 Suits, more than AlpiMvf Easter xi \^ ™ U\
\u*~J /-y sjz 1 wool Sarge and aicn in Mark cloth; could __ 7 , , , . , , , ¦, ? IV Piw'.r' Ril __ m.. stock of more than _0O II v-«^va\\ \\\\\
rZ*&Fu notbemadebetter Easier Bpecial price 60 styles from which to make Selection, tfg*4* T^R^F Veilings, styles of staple and k \Mll
\frTnr^£\ • •• • $9.95 this week M <_P ||4|| | novelty ve n ingß? w8 9ho uid be able to suit foV ijj W
FtOA 'I X" J ' Men's $4.00 and $5.00 Fancy Silk Vests, new Spring pat- ill 1 f the most particular aistomer. Better quali- WVW Jjh
mi^i£fx?/- cf * %£s£S£% ¦tern,withorwahoutoo..J3,doub..ebreast.^^ Iff S^Kg*^gte^
l/ff)f^ J #if///#l»e/*Jf. buy and the finest ed, light or dark colors, this week iy \ | 2 50 to fJ-59 T |J7
&/// J\ qualities possible. More captivating styles Children's $3.95 Blouse Suits for $2.95 Hi I Chenille Spot Wash. Vei15...500 to 52.50 I « \
Sr s£sA were never originated. The bright, pretty, _?,, ,T ono n - Tr , c •?¦ * _•# o_r IW 4 \> Tuxedo Novelty Veiling, yard... _,"•""" /<— -^ ] Whl
¥ airy fancies, so delicate and stylish, are dis- Children's £2.90 Vestee Suits for $1.95 M h 500 to 91-25 I^^^W <^
Ms&Zs^J/ played here in greatest profusion. Hats Boys' $3.95 Vestee Suits, in blue cheviot 3, hand omely Mj if. Bridal Veiling, per yard.. .ZOC to *'_r«C/O /^ _ S_^^ \
11/WC^' from Paris, hats from London, hats from trimmed, for age 3 3to 8 $2.6S t^MLJX ST -r<^\\H A ' »
M^^^ New York. \fa n '<s Nppkwpar for .. 2BtS T* Ea&ter "Za Za" Pulley Belts are now UflM/fl 'l [IW
11/Jr _ , , ? , Men S O\JC INcCKWccll IUI • «... £Ob \J bw~*v' • _. _*.-? j«___j. _. 1,.—. vMv/ I I a 1
Iy Imported Pattern Hats, with all the richness - /_> f/ in greatest demand; we have yW/^ <* VJL*/'
( /P\aZ& of Paribian ideas $18 to $45 — ; SZiSstS. them in all their varieties. JF*rn~ v**^
V&^/min Hats from the leading New York milliners + +"? — *¦ Ladies' " Za Za " Ribbon Belt, all sizes, black j/JW
Hats from our own workroom, designed after 2UnS 9 25 G. ,„ day and Oil, 6Gc. ing the week lar Bolts, black or brown.sQc to $1.50 ft y^^m
*^Pl^^''pW' most expensive models, of be=t materials . while supply lasts, 480 tins choice 720 quart bottles of Crosse _ Black- ll'4&'sUs\X
tfW isMmJifVf, 57.50 to $25 Table Fruits— Pears and a few Apri- well's Lncca Oil— tho best made— Esster Th * heaatifally ///^™ay^\»\\
y*^^' 1 '%&/ Ladies' Bonnets, the very latest models, in cots and Nectarines— put up in cood very special price, per b0tt1e.. .600 oafa f_ UM .- decorated new neck- jMsJSSgStteNy
K^^/- <e?c the newest materials $B. SO to $25 heavy syrup— 2 tins for 250 4. rJGCKVJCfSI*. -wear s«ction ia the W^&^rS^B^
feglf. r & W mmm mm • TT~ .v . . -*.__— f rotunda r?how3 many exquisite novelties, im- (/Zs*ittWs3^
->) Waiktng FF f QT ? st >' Ie that e°° d — ported especially for the Eaater trade. De-
>w 'jL M-»#c re3 l e . rß J" ear Ca m -, be 4 " 7~17~ fiflarmalada, Replace on sale scr iption3 of each separately would require V
/f^^gl nn f VS ' Wht here Taior- f/y pp a p er " Sure Catch" Fly o/,--, c o/r« all this week columns of space. 7_* _&*'9_
i^^l^l^ m ade millinery from the modest oOc Sailor \** H ' Paper — better JUtiS 4oC. 5;J00 Mb tins Fancy Lace Barbes, each... SC*O to 52.50 C
F7? t0 the London Sllk Ssilor at 12< R ead >'-to- <JUC BOX* than " Tangle- of Bishop's Orange Marmalade, made Crep e De Chine Scarfs, each f ZJ&PA
wear Walking Hats, conforming to all of f oot "_i ar jr e double sheets— 2s of in Los Angeles from best orange 3, at _ '...$l-25 to $3, 00 C^--r^_f^ I
rNrV"-I)C£m Jk'r Fashion's fancies, in the new braids and them in a box— special this week— the exceedingly low price— 3 tins.... Chiffon JabotaVnd Stockss/.00 t0 55,00 «F3__i!r_ I
W^liS^r ,4 v* -v Per box 300 250 Ostrich Boas, black^/2. 50 to $25. 0J PPfcTrKl
[^) (^V VValk v g ?/ k L n ena^* led roUgh S * raw ' Wlth +— ? ?¦ Ostrich Boas, gray or natural .JL^V^lSs
O^V/VT. high, side bow of same material, velvet _. . . ... . $15. 00 to $25. 00 I/_s^V /*5?vU
band ? and satin inside finish 52.60 f^~. : T~~ Z \ Easter „ ThenewSpnng Styles for "ZZ———lWife^^^&
0C: H^FT^ "hiffon and Braid Toques and Turbans, New YeIOCrOS Beginning Mon- Qfo Men, Women and Children are fP"^k&&&st\
r^^)rAJ(A Y° rk ' fl P re * ent fad ' ready for additional ff* n ffg>^ O/J- day # and until &nOGi*. ready Below we quote five PJSen'S EaStCr FS> m^i&L^l
D^S Jl) I trimming #5 **OTTGe, *£UC. closing time good values in Shoes for Ladies and Children: J«CH » baaici .^< V fi t ff^?Sj:~\
CvHCJK I High noveiriMta'AVwtraw'Hata," bows' and next Saturday night we will sell the Children's white kid one-strap Sandal Slip- FumiSMngSm &F fifi«;?!?M&l
O^^sJ/fc* trimmings of same material, wide velvet celebrated Yelocros Mocha and Java pers, neat bow on strap, new opera toes, _ -. . faj ,v lo _. w<l fo . .. ri ,, t^h^^^Ui
fnC& QUQ U rJ band, quills and satin inside front $6 Coffee, whole or ground, put up in 1- turned sewed soles, spring heels- Wove B-T he most f ashKn^aW« *jr «P«8 <^p^r^^3
' VrrEtZllJ^i lb packages and sold regularly at Sizes 6 to 8 +IMO *»d summer are the graj -Undressed Kid fev^.^^fc^(
! V/P^l P< VVjI Easter A new Oorset ifl a P°«- 35c a I_7 at the extraordinary st.c- Sizes 8J to 11 $1.23 «* * h « *« » hadei ™ piking Gloiw, we
\^6)/j^ P»__WS#« tive necessity to wear cial P ric o ; 200 Sizes 11_ to 2.... $1.47 fow » handsome hn . a tta g
; itfV/>P^//^/! l*OrSetS. with your new Easter 4 ~ * Ladies' White Kid Strap Sandals, with bow, fingers (able to fit any hand), very fine ( g^g£sjfj/
I iown— all sizes in all leading makes con- __ . _ . „ ?, ?, . f new opera toes, turned sewed soles, a'l quality, per pair * l " s ° W^'^'^^T
'"V AK^CW? I tantly on hand. Competent fitters and Not* folO Multiply the number of gizM _*; $1.48 FanOV Strlpod Hoeo-Xe* arrivals, i%t§_2^L
! _£? vZ_\tf I various fitting rooms make Corset buying a /« af , nA f y ardB °/X/ K %V% V . m "*J Ladies' White Kid Opera Slippers, with neat the two, three or four oolored stripes are *&&g*2Z2£3S
'¦ Insure in the big store. U -. 1 you need by the amount bow> new opera to^ fl> t urne d sewed soles. narrow or wide, as preferred ; this -par- a?J^^^S
Oi-aXTJi rench gored Corset in black sateen, four Offerings* P^ yard that we can alI £kea $1.23 ticular line was made in Germany from &OTs£kfc|
1 fo^^hs^SA hooka, lace and ribbon finish at t0p..... • . J /~, save you and you will Ladie3 » white Kid Lace Qxforda, new opera fine Maco yarn and is an excellent value. fcM /Jfei^rH
PQ^i^i ...............!i/.50 J e T. pn *w d * i • *°i A J™n i^nrina P lain toe3 ' turned sewed soles, French P« pair - 250 Iffi ms?of&
n^WA^ Bhape short Corset, long waisted, gored fered in this sale are in handsome new spring see5 ee , 8p al , siEM ¦ $1.75 Sllk Handkerchiefs- Easter nov- fii _?&_&
fA S^ QMW cutl laco and ribbon finiish at t0 P and W ' a ™ a " ° r r vfl . i Ladies> Vici Kid L* 106 Shoo - kid or cloth eltie3 in mea>B white Siik Handkerchief*, Iff fc?-<W_GE
/¦JC^t^7%*i bottom, a model especially adapted to stout Offer I— Axminster Carpets, the finest qual- tops, new opera toes, patent leather tip*, with colored borders, good site and e.t- *A£: f^^t-ij
vSr&ffißar fi?ure3 $2.C0 ity made, exquisite patterns, real value turned sewed soles, LXV French heols, one cellent quality, each _soandsoo jFAfc i \4s&s&,
, ligh-class gored Corset of fine Italian cloth, $1.65, our special price $J«_C/. of our new spring style?, all 5ize8.4?3«50 Golf Shirt* — The correct patterns and 'sM' r' g / :^-_i«f
/¦JCZ /V \ extra heavily boned with genuine whale- Offer 2— Axminster Carpets, Alex. Smith _ — — — — ¦ ma ny of them, the materials Madras cloth \t} y \ V -/^<SQ
(rYr^ _)B bone, lace and ribbon finish .....$5 Sons' famous make, newest spring styles UOlfieStiC ..Half. H . alf a ?OKn.? 0Kn . cs P?- and other soft fabrics, good looking, easy fij# S [K^SS
f~ ' 'Her Majesty's" Corsit always in stock. represented, real value $1.50, our special n^^fc. cially good values in an( i com fortable for summer wear HeSMF/^VS-
LT) (~J /-* \ — ¦ - price 950 BJ&p VS. articles that are needed 750 and 5f K--XK --X li> : vC^*U
I 6d^\- Children's Ch "" °^S_tJt!tkSown fi^ W^^^T^^ KVm
\:&<%2\ messes. SttS SS e retails at ?l ' 25 per yard ' ° nr B SIo a^ffi^iT^^'iffit SS P b . rSSW in L d_^i M fa§l
ikr^frA AIGSfES'SSSJ" Suit, trimmed with A «£ kind, usually Jl^ M ££^'&+J^«£& r^^StSfcSZ&Sffi-* 0 I 5?I 5 ? B
V/oSvU rowaof white braid, fkirt and waist lined $1-10. «ir spec al price...................© _O 82x9 0 inches, and a very unusual value at Easter Neckwoan-E^Tj^mg new |pf^ftl
sUJr-* (r\\ throughout, brown or blue, ages 4to 6, Offer 5- All-wool -Tapestry. Brnsseb in par- the price each . $2 35 and pretty m Men's Neckwear as soon as gS^ 1 mfe£gk&
~1 (rv£^ 7>N I $8! a 8 68 B*° 10 » 55.50; 12-year-old lor, hall and stair patterns, should be 7oc, Bloaohed Table ban»ask— Satin produced. Monday we show an entirely fc>U # r '£xv-i
J^V On. (/J 1 size... ..$6 our special price ;... S&O finish, heavy texture, fine thread, 66 inches new line of pretty striped, dots and her- §£^ Mt''>.^j
ZXIT) /-* (n I All-wool Covert Jacket, full silk lined, new Offer 6— Extra Super Ingrains, nearly all wide> new designs, will wear well, per aldic designs in Imperials, Four-in-hand 3 iSg&z ; . it;!-'.^:-"'!
f V_i //*i box back, fine pearl buttons, sizes for Bto wool, splendid assortment newest spring yard -i 7uC and Puff Scarfs, each 500 **'.is\\ \l\ '/•:.*•¦; 'J
/-^ (lD Cr-i Vi 14 y atrfl • ...$7.50 patterns, worth 7sc, our special price.sso Bioztchod Shooting,, for "double Boys' Windsor Tios— Bright new t.?rf* iit M V«2jfl
/*^^-v^_j 7,1 Wash Dresses, In great variety, for ages 4to Offer 7—lngrain7 — Ingrain Carpeta, 1 yard wide, good beds, 81 inches wide, soft finish, free from plaids, new stripes and plain colors, also \ ••£>¦••¦ jj '$¦'£$( 1 1
*— A \Jfj \si tj 14 • $1.25 to $250 and serviceable and pretty patterns, usual dressing, at less than present, mill cost, ready-made bows of Windsor ties, with ift«}\." -\t f ; -" ; |///
v/~\ (/-\ I Linen Sailor Snits, trimmed with red braid, price 40c, our special price 250 per yard ........22c rubber around the neck and hook and eyo Hi^fJ^ _»"^.j||l
/""*' *• -J Gr"\ I with white pique gamp and collar, for ages Offer B— Smyrna Rugs, reversible, ' 30x60 For single beds, 54 inches wide, same as for fastening, price for either style {s~%[ A^k\li/
B fl toBf &1 m 7&* 1° t» 14yeara \.s2 inches, new, pretty patterns ipi.7s above, per yard 140 ..25c andSOo 'fUj fi/M M^
f l~lfC/~sS^^^"~ mmm 7!Z£F'^^k* i v T-^/fMfM/fff/WS Here are some of the dainty things t^^^T^fT^^^'il^W^j "^v .
li .@<M^i£&H ?l"" Cc io^avin^ci: ' mPleB ° f:0Ilr ™* La"%s. S&^&Z &F ** "^ V^S^W>^)
ii*: LF^^^Kwf^^) LIqUOrS. ¦¦°?.°; y !: ° V ;. rf fll f., Narrow Black Chantiay Band-yard ..70,80,10c,120 ~S?5>C]
C^ j_{^^W*>_!)V White Wine— a good quality that if La Bierre Laces— new for Jabote -yard 25c, 35c, s:i<3 ~&£f) k
rwQ) V^-'{\ SS bottled would COSt $2 per dozen— gallon . . SUO Point Venise Bands and Festoons-yard. lSC', 200, 3Oc, 50 c f jfe£v\ 1 O*^^^^/'
A fySZ^ WW?J\ Bo>.rl>on Whiskey-our popular Monarch brand- £ «g£jj£ '^Z^^ZZZlU'^^, gg <A *^%^F^^_^
ITiIV-^ iii-ii ' MiiHr— — ~- — ---£--—¦ per ga110n.... ... ... . . ;^O»C/I/ Corded Liberty Silk— so inch— white and cream only— jari.sl.6O L__________-__-_n-------^M--M
" p potr t or Sherry — an ex- • ¦n— _»__¦_ ____ "nrj_L_ we* _m «t hjl— j^-Yokings of Embroider-
ofVer V^T)afZlUtpUqu7d HI clDfS'^d ' eU^ljuk
all aor light-green silk. It is t^-7oZn ..$l-25 0 -s_E_£S |W@ Drawn Work, Gold velvet Parn,a volets that hck
a model gown made up in the Pull quart bottles of _M _|_ (*( *t k ffl^Hß J^BTk'S^Bnli^> I^__«2y__ _*k _» * S Embroidered, etc.— f«/; ths-izo km Kshponthts- \
most exquisite manner. Price pod Bourbon Whis- IfT WOBd^W B^lHB^ B^aZa^lT. per gg---— •£- gpw Uof the very Int. Price
$125. key.......... 750 CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE _ SI.6S to $92.50.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS;
L'DP.rH & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
l\i\UUn S'C daily; 1 tt)-Hp. pasollne en-
irlne cheap. 9 Stevenson, B. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Daily. *23 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
D'EDGINO PIMPS.
Oil. Oasollne. Steam Hoists. Centrllural Pumps.
JTr.r.r,»»&B'.ll*r». HendyMach.Wks..4fl Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINFRY & MODELS.
L. PKTERBON. M4A Mleslon. S. F.: communi-
cations from Inventors strictly rcnfldentlaL
MARSH STEAM PU.v.ps
Fupply frecb or palt «ster for clulc* boxes
hirh <r* lew lift*. Simonds. It Marktt st
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
CAVEfc All tb» Geld by Gravitation. No quirk.
•liver. Hurid or power. In operation 14 Spaar.
GOL SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Cold Separator and Amalgamator la
«e!ly operation. Win. H. Birch _ Co., UJ Ist.
GOLD S'VING M CHINES.
The Eurrka Pan Motion; The Centrifugal Qold
Waeher. daily at 16 Efale et.
MATTFSOVS WASHER.
Lcr.r torn, rtrfi^e and carpet combined sares
pUcar roid. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st-
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Cold Paving Machine. 2» Fol-
•K-rni «trert. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
OPOCEP.IES A V D PROVISIONS
Outfits narked. IRVINE BKOS.. l"i> Howard.
*GS Fourth. IJC2 Pclk and 1441 Stockton. 8. F.
, LIQUORS.
IVHIC^FV L - CAHEN * SON.
VV IliorVi- I «g Sacramsnto.
OSLS.
! "RRICATINO Oil Cru<3» Oil ana OaaotlD*.
ENSIGN A McGCFFICK. 21 Snesr e_ B. ~.
PLATES 103 SAVING GOLD.
Frto«»_efa & Rurrldre. I Hardle Place, off
Xearry. bet— e«n fiutter snd Bush streets.
V. V.'. D_UU Central Plutm* Works. VA _is-
f!on «*.. E. F. Phone Jessie SSL
POCKEPS.
l?f rrP*>C Hula-Hu!a Kocker: Centrlfural
IMiWaC J eand Pumps; Machinery. PAUKE
*< LaCY CO.. tl Fremont et.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
HrRXHAM-iTAXIJUKCKU CO.. Washington
and Ist •_.. Oaklsnd. or Bullivrs* Ex.. S. F.
ENGINES. BCILERS. ETC.
HAICKP. _ HAMILTON. Enrln^s and Roller*:
lo— eft prices on _• coast. Pine & Darls sta.'
FU:>S
run coats and robes foii cape some.
ALBERT nOEFUCH. 116 Grant aye.
INDIAN SCHOOL
PROBLEM TAKEN
UP IN SENATE
•
Jones' Amendment Providing
for a Contract System
Discussed.
Vest of Missouri Eulogizes the Jesu
its for Th-elr Good "Work in
Educating the Bed
?
WASHINGTON. April 7.— During al
most the entire session of the Senate to
day aoi amendment to the Indian appro
priation bill, offered by Jones of Arkan
sas, providing for the continuance of the
Government's employment of the. contract
Indian schools, in certain circumstance*.
we* under consideration. The debate took
t wide range, the whole question of sec
tarian achools being gone over at length.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H (/ -VERY HOUR VSsft
\ // YOU DELAY \l 1
fw THE USE OF\ 1
I FAWOBSiYE 1
I\\ PRESCRIPTION /J I
i Vs. YOU DELAY //§ 1
I VS. THE CURE /ft §
| l|\ OF THE //!£?£ =
I /SAPYOiJRSTEENSHTN^ 1
I / AND DESTROY VC 1
I// YOUR BEAUTY. V 2
If FAVORBTE I
I PRESCRIPTION I
r\\ MAKES // =
I \\WEAK WOMEN STROKay 1/
IB \6!(K\^MENWELb/ |
p> vi // rat
17The series of duels which have commenced between
a French Count and one of the distinguished repre
sentatives of the Rothschilds might suggest to some
of our local pool-sellers the advantage of making
paris mutuels on the contest.
Persons who are looking for safe election bets this
year will be pleased to learn that in Texas the Popu
lists have split and the Republicans have a faction
fight on hand, so it is a good proposition to bet the
State will go Democratic.
European correspondents have repeated their scare
stories of Russian aggression on Turkey, Persia, In
c«ia and Korea so often that some of them may now
be suspected of believing their own yarns.
O-O— O— 9— 9— 9— 9— 9— 9— 9— #— #— 9— O-O-O-0-o— O-0-0 9 9
la . \j ul leu ou uu.i
f NEW GOODS DAILY ARRIVING. J
? SPFCIAI INIHICFMFNTS ?
9 -fore- ©
I THIS "WEIEJKZ ! J
; •. • ;—; — o
c LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS In all shades, value fc nn o
0 for $10, will De offered at uJiUU o
© LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS In gray only, value for 07 Cf. ?
1 $12.50, will be offered at dIiDU •
• LADIES' JABOTS from... Flo i\n °
• • .....25cto OdiUU T
T LADIES' FANCY WASH SKIRTS, value for $1.50. will 01 Of. 2
i be placed on sale at wliUu
i LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, value for $1.25, will be 7c „ o
Q offered at palp |{)G •
• LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, value for $1.75, will 0| IC ?
c be offered at. .pair Oli 13 •
P pnry^r*yZ*> For the accommodation of ladies who cannot do their pur- i
O jWffiSjSttr^ chasing b:fore 6 o'clock, the store will keep open untl, o ©
T igJ 3 *® o'clock for the Easter Week. I
T— • ?
f 1146 Market Street, T
4 Between Mason and Taylor. . 9
THE Examiner, in freak and frantic editorial, in
quires: "Why has Porto Rico been deprived of
the equal rights of an American community?"
We suppose that it is because the Examiner's doctrine,
declared more than a year ago, that Congress can
govern external possessions unlimited by the consti
tution, has been applied to Porto Rico. That paper
now attacks the Republican party for "governing
Porto Ricans as the serfs of Congress."
That is just the way the Examiner said they would
and should be governed when it was running its
widely known and justly celebrated policy for
America and Americans, and was shouting, "Take
Porto Rico and nail the flag to the Philippines!" It
shouted in very large black type and said in its more
subdued editorial typography: "It is in the right and
power of Congress to devise any sort of system that
may apply to the conditions of such dependencies,
and this power is in no wise limited by the national
constitution. * * * All these things are matters
cf common knowledge."
Yes, certainly, and, being so, it is also matter of
common knowledge that Porto Rico has never had
the equal rights of an American community, and
therefore has not been deprived of such rights.
Having informed everybody that Congress can
govern these dependencies without limit from the
constitution, the Examiner can only object to the Re
publican way of doing it, and not in the name of any
iigrht Porto Ricans have as an American community.
The Republican policy is to hold fast to the doctrine
cf protection to American labor. It proposes to deny
free trade between this country and our dependencies,
in order that American workmen may not be brought
into competition with the low wages of the tropics.
The Examiner demands free trade, regardless of the
effect on American labor. It is a question of policy
and expediency, and not of constitutionality, for the
Examiner expressly excluded the constitution from
our dependencies in the days when it was shouting for
their acquisition and nailing the flag to divers and
sundry places.
The Examiner and Colonel Bryan and Chairman
Jones and Congressman De Armond are in a delight
ful mixup on this subject. Jones says the Paris treaty
pave to the people of Porto Rico and the Philippines
the constitution and all the rights and immunities of
American citizens. Colonel Bryan says, "I favored
the ratification of the treaty of Paris," and adds: "The
Filipinos cannot be citizens without endangering our
civilization. I am not willing that vie should bring
in 10,000,000 Malays and make them citizens here. I
am not willing to destroy our civilization."
But Chairman Jones says the treaty which Bryan
says he favored makes them citizens. Therefore, when
Bryan supported the treaty he supported the de
struction of our civilization, and, as far as Porto
Ricans are concerned, the Examiner girds at the Re
publicans for not extending to them, and therefore of
necessity to the Filipinos, "the equal rights of an
American community.**
The Bryan Democratic policy is as fine a lot of jar
pon as has been heard since the bricklayers on the
tower of Babel called for "more mort" in tongues
which confused the hod-carriers.
Huntington, it is reported, has visited the harbor
of Santa Monica and looked with sad eyes upon
something which he does not own. Docs the old
gentleman believe that he has a divine right to the
possession of everything worth having in California?
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S BLUNDER.
California Papers of Both Parties Agree in Declaring That the
Gallant Old Sailor Has Made a Serious Mistake in Aim- .
ing for the Presidency.
Sacramento Bee.
It was stated some time ago that the admiral and his good wife Intended to
make a tour of Europei. Dewey ought to purchase the tickets right away and
keep his wife away from telephones and telegrams until after the next November
election. Otherwise she is liable to make him look more foolish In the eyes of
the American people than he does at present. A word to the wise should be suf
ficient. But the Old-Man-in-the-Hands-of-His-Wife seems to be far from wise.
• • •
Los Angeles Times.
While opinions may differ more or less radically as to the wisdom of Admiral
Dewey's course in announcing himself a candidate for President, no one will
question his right to seek the nomination. It is, however, a long distance from a
man's personal announcement of his candidacy for the Presidency and his in
auguration as President. As to the latter event the Times is perfectly confident
that 1901 will see a repetition of the agreeable national episode of 1597.
• • •
Los Angeles Herald,
A Presidential candidate without a party and without a platform might prov»
a wholesome Innovation for this politician-ridden country, but we fear that Ad
miral Dewey's dream Is too Utopian for the practical and Immediate demands of
this nation. At least, until the people know something of Admiral Dewey's. poli
cies—his politics might be strung to the yardarm— his candidacy cannot be consid
ered seriously.
Merced Sun.
Dewey performed a wonderful feat in Manila Bay, for which he gained the sin
cere admiration of the whole civilized world. And when he returned to America
he was toasted and feted and idolized by our people until at last his head was
turned and he was led to believe that the people would elect him to a hl*h office
for which he is not qualified, either by education or experience.
• • •
Fresno Republican.
Admiral Dewey has made the mistake of his life In announcing himself as a
candidate for the Presidency. In the first place he will fall, and It Is the prestige
of unexampled success that has carried him thus far. He will fall of nomination
probably, of election certainly, and would undoubtedly fall as President *v#>n Vf
some cataclysm could land him in the office. c II
• • •
Stockton Mail.
It would be a national calamity to have a man In the White House at the
E resent Juncture of the country's affairs who is as oltlfullv weak no »^ m ..,i
tewey has shown himself to be in affairs ashore P lulU "y weaK as . Admiral
It would have been the best thing that could have happened for his name
and fame if he had not come ashore, at all. name
• • •
Los Angeles Express.
The many admirers and true friends of Admiral Dewey throughout the
country will regret that he has allowed his head to be turned by the courtesies
which a grateful people were only too glad to extend because of his valuabl*
services in his country's cause Dewey as the admiral was the nation's idol- as a
Presidential candidate he is simply ridiculous. '
• • •
Stockton Independent.
Let us blush together for poor Dewey and then forgive him as we forjrtvo
Miles his vanity. Let Dewey's candidacy be the Incident of a day and let th«
hA^^nl'L'cfyth^' CXhaUSt USelf and nOt laSt tO mar the s^ndo^?
Red Bluff News,
This is the admiral's third act of folly since his return home. The house busi
ness was a staggering blow to his popularity and his last move will about finish
SLUM GOVERNMENT.
' I 'HE people of this city do not want a slum gov
j ernment. Since the election of Sutro the city
has been under a Democratic executive, sworn
to enforce the law. That is a long period in the life
of a city. Mayor Phelan came in 1896 and has had the
city in his hands ever since. He has been three times
elected Mayor upon reform issues. Is it not about
time now to let reform appear?
It was said the city could not be purified under the
consolidation act. All of the evils against which
moral people complained were excused on the ground
that the city government had no power to destroy
them. More power was given in the new" charter,
which is now being administered by those who
claimed to be its only friends. Still evil is ram
pant. Vice has grown faster than the population,
and we have here exactly the same immoral condi
tions which offend the senses in cities that are not
under a reform charter administered by its friends.
The Mayor has absolute power. He can remove any
unfaithful officer,' whether appointed by himself or
elected by the city. The new charter equips him with
abundant instrumentalities for the suppression and ex
pulsion of vice and the punishment of crime. If San
Francisco deserve the strictures passed upon its
morality, the fault lies with the Mayor.
All he has to do is to lift his hand and the sins and
crimes and vices which beset the city vanish as did
the plague of rats from Hamelin when the Pied Pipe"
appeared.
Mr. Reed, a member of the Board of Supervisors,
objected to an air-tight anti-vice ordinance because
he said it would violate the obligation of the Demo
cratic party to the sporting fraternity for political
favors in the recent election.
The people want no such payment for political
favors. The integrity of the community is of more
importance than such reward for votes that conferred
power.
Under Mayor Phelan the city has been a wide
open town, and those who expected that the new
charter would close it learn now that they were mis
taken.
As usual, an effort is made by the city government
to divert. public attention by carrying on active opera
tions against the Chinese. Whenever slum govern
ment wants to profit by white vice it begins yelling
about the grewsome vices of the Chinese.
The people want the efforts of government ad
dressed to all vice and transgression, regardless of
the color of those who offend. If slum government
made Chinatown moral and orderly, that would not
void its responsibility to make the whole city moral
ar.d orderly.
There has been much chloride of lime scattered in
the Chinese quarter. Let us see some chloride of
moral duty scattered all over the city.
Claims He Has Two Wives.
Lena Mil lan has sued to annul her mar
riage to Peter MUlan on the ground that
the defendant had a wife living -at the
time of his marriage to plaintiff.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. April 7.— H. J. Harris
of San Francisco Is at the St. James
Hotel. ' ~ ~
TWO SCHOOLS TOO MANY.
SCHOOLS, whether public or private, classic or
industrial, sectarian or liberal, are good things;
it may be added they are among the few
good things of which no nation can have too many;
and yet there are nt>w proposals in the East for the
establishment of two schools, which, if carried out,
will overdo enterprise in the way of instruction, to
the extent at least of expending money and energy
for schools we do not need. .
Of the two establishments one purposes to main
tain itself, but the other asks for an appropriation
equal to that now given to the Military Academy at
West Point. The first school intends to teach the art
of playing baseball and football. It is designed for
the benefit of young men who wish to become pro
fessional players, but have not the means to take a
university course. The other is projected for the
purpose of training young men for the consular ser
vice, and, like the first, aims to relieve youth from
the necessity of attending the instruction given at
the universities.
Of the two schemes the more objectionable is the
one that seeks an appropriation. A school for Con
suls at the expense of the Government is so unneces
sary, and its maintenance would be such a waste of
public money, that the only thing which could give it
a degree of merit entitling it to a liberal appropriation
would be its location in San Francisco. If it be lo
cated here it will be a due recognition of the right
of the Pacific Coast to have one of the great Govern
ment schools, and on that score an appropriation for
it equal to those granted to West Point and Annapolis
combined would be expedient, but on no other
ground could it be commended at all.
At the present time our universities afford a fairly
good opportunity for young men to learn football,
baseball and consular lore. If the instruction they
give be not sufficient, it can be easily expanded, with
out any elaborate expenditure for new buildings, new
gymnasiums and new playgrounds. The larger the
number of students gathered in any one university
the greater- will be the stimulus flowing from,compe
tition. For that reason,, therefore, anything which
tends to diminish the, number of young men likely to
enter our universities is to be deplored — unless, as we
have said, the new schools are designed to provide a
means for doing justice in the way of appropriations
for: the Pacific Coast at large and San Francisco in
particular
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. H. Cox, a banker of Madera, Is at the
Palace.
John C. Bull, a contractor of Arcata, is
at the Lick.
W. P. Hawley, an attorney of Stockton,
Is at the Lick.
J. M. C. Jasper, a banker of Wheatland,
Is at the Grand.
C. A. Storke, Mayor of Santa Barbara,
is at the Grand.
.Dr. G. A. Hare and wife of Fresno are
at the California.
Charles Rule, a merchant of Duncan
Mills, is at the Lick.
A. M. Rikert, a mining man of James
town, is at the Grand.
T. M. Schumacher, a fruit shipper of
Chicago, Is at the Palace.
H. B. Ransdell, a mining engineer of
Chicago, Is at the California.
J. A. Brent, a prominent mining man of
Butte, Mont., Is at the Grand. ,
W. J. Johnson, a shoe manufacturer of
Hallowell, Me., is at the Palace.
Wlllard Teller of Denver, brother of
Senator Teller, Is at the Occidental.
W. F. Gorlell, an Insurance man of Chi
cago, and his wife, are at the California,
James P. McCarthy has returned from a
business trip to the Los Angeles oil fields.
H. G. Hawes, an extensive land owner
In Santa" Barbara County, is at the Cali
fornia.
Philip B. Fraser, cashier of the Farm
ers' and Merchants' Bank at Stockton, is
at the- Palace.
E. H. Vance, a big lumberman of Eure
ka, and his daughter, Miss' Effie Vance,
are at the Grand.
J. F. Coonan, an attorney of Eureka, ex-
County Clerk of Humboldt .County and a
Democratic politician, is In town.
Paul Hoefllch, brother of Albert Hoefllch
of 116 Grant avenue, arrived on the
steamer Moana. He is on a trip around
the world. *
Louis T. Wright, manager and superin
tendent of the Iron Mountain mine at
Keswick, and H. D. Campbell, an official
of the same mine, are at the Palace.
R. T. Winston of Chicago, who has Just
returned from the Orient, where he se
cured business Information for Chicago
capitalists, is at the California.
It is just about an even ' bet whether Roberts
catches Kruger before Otis gets in sight of Aguin
aldo.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> atTownsend**.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th<*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 5W Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
BOARD OF BAD HEALTH.
Hollister Free Lance.
Mayor Phelan's Board of Health. In Its
anxiety to get both front feet and snout
In the city treasury, has dealt San Fran-
cisco a deadly blow by Its recent bubonic
plague scare. All over the East It is un-
derstood that the Pacific Coast metropolis
has the plague in its midst.
Open Sunday.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Open dally.
Including Sunday, from 9 a. m. t-> 4 p. m. Con-
cert every Thursday evening. Admission ZZc •
INTERNATIONAL ARBITRATION.
THOSE PORTO RICAN TEARS.
WHEN the claims of the United States against
Great Britain growing out of the damage done
to our shipping by the Alabama were sustained
by an international tribunal there was a well nigh uni
versal sentiment in this country that the settlement
i of disputes between nations by arbitration was some
: thing like a heaven inspired policy, and that nothing
j would ever incline enlightened men to oppose a re
! sort to it. Since that time the decisions of such
I tribunals have not been so much in our favor, and
I little by little there have grown up doubts whether
arbitration be after all the best way of settling dis
putes in accordance with justice.
The recent decision of the Swiss arbitrators on the
American and British claims against Portugal for in
| jury done by the seizure of the Delagoa railroad has
started an earnest discussion on the expediency of
trusting all controversies between nations, or the
j claims of the people of one country against the Gov
1 ernment of another, to arbitrators, and a consider
able number of the disputants frankly declare against
j the practice.
The facts of the case are not subject to dispute.
The Portuguese Government granted to an English
I company a concession for the construction of the
j Delagoa Bay railroad, and the company gave the con
j tract for constructing it to Colonel McMurdo, an
American contractor. After a great deal of the work
had been done, but before the road was completed,
| the Portuguese Government confiscated it, and thus
j caused a heavy financial loss, not only to the British
company, but to the American contractor. The
i British claimed damages to the amount of $7,500,000,
and on behalf of McMurdo a claim was made fo>"
• $1,500,000. The sum awarded by the Swiss arbitrators
J amounts to but little more than $3,000,000, and the
I long delay, eleven years, in making the award adds to
the irritation felt at the comparative smallness of the
damages granted.
It has been suggested that the Swiss arbitrators
fixed the award at a small sum so as to enable the
Portuguese Government to pay it promptly and thus
escape any obligation which would give the British
:a shadow of right in seizing Delagoa Bay at this
j juncture
The New York Time 3 in commenting upon the
! case says: "It is impossible not to see some 'polities'
jin such an award. Probably the London Times may
! be right in suggesting that the arbitrators fixed the
i sum at what Portugal could afford to pay without bor
1 rowing. .But another London journal seems to be
equally right in saying that the result of the decision
will be the discouragement of international arbitra
tion." The New York Press says: "The protest of
the McMurdo heirs and the bondholders, who are the
' real parties in interest, though politics has rather
' obscured them, lies as to loss of time rather than
money. That loss has been such as to constitute a
I powerful argument for a return to the good old plan
with weak powers in debt — of seizing a custom-house.
That is the only way, we fear, inj which we shall ever
extract any redress from the Sultan for similar con
fiscation."
On the other hand there are strong supporters of
the decision. The Boston Herald maintains the award
amply covers the cost of the work done on the road,
I and that the claimants had no right to demand more.
I The Boston Globe declares it to be a "signal triumph
j for arbitration," and predicts it will have a tendency
to promote a resort to arbitration hereafter. The New
York Tribune occupies a middle ground on the issue.
It considers the award to be an outrage on justice,
J but says it is useless to "cuss the court." and argues
j there should be established' a permanent tribunal of
I international arbitration, which would be free- from
the suspicion of acting under political influences. \
It is of course not likely that a miscarriage of jus
tice in a matter of comparatively little importance like
this will check the development of the practice of in
ternational arbitration, but the discussion upon it may
j lead statesmen to note that 'the present system is not
j perfect and induce them to devise a better method of
AUCTION SALES.
Horse* and Mu>s— Monday, April 9, at 10 o'clock, at Gait.
THE PLAGUE SCARE
Riverside Daily Press.
The New York Journal, owned by W. R.
Hearst, also proprietor of the San Fran
cisco Examiner, has broken loose with a
characteristic piece of yellow Journalism
on the outbreak of the plague In San
Francisco. The slender basis of fact for
the great plague number la the death of
a Chinaman in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Some doctors said he died of bubonic
plague, and others said he did not. Cer
tain it Is that no other cases have ap
peared. Deaths have occurred on ship
board In New York harbor from the
plague, and several deaths have occurred
in the quarantine station at Port Town
send. None of these cases, however, stir
red up the Journal, but the moment this
doubtful case appeared in San Francisco,
the yellow sheet startled the country with
the announcement that the plague had In
vaded California.
And the Journal proceeded to serve up
Its news In genuine death's head style.
It embellished Its first page with grue
some cuts, and drew liberally on De Foe's
account of the black plague death in Lon
don. And not satisfied with this, it tele
graphed to the health officers of all the
leading cities of the East to ascertain
what steps they had taken to quarantine
against the plague In California. That
naturally spread the terror, and as a re
sult travel to the State has been checked
and merchants even in far away England
have canceled their wheat orders, lest
grain ships from San Francisco might
carry rats Infected with the plague.
The whole business Is a piece of idiocy,
but, unfortunately for California, as
harmful as If there was really occasion
for It. The man who walks the streets of
San Francisco to-day is as safe from
plague as he Is in New York or Boston,
but after the Journal's scare edition It
will take several months to convince peo
ple that this Is true.
DREW-WHITE
WEDDING BELLS
The Court Reporter and
Wealthy Widow Quietly
Married by the Rev.
Father McDonald.
FRANK C. DREW, court reporter In
Judge Lawlor's court, was married
yesterday morning to Mrs. Helen
P. White of Uklah, the culmination
of an affair of the heart that be
gan in Uklah a year ago, when the bride
was fighting for the vast estate of W. H.
White, a wealthy lumberman.
The wedding took place at the St.
Charles Borromeo parish residence. Eight
eenth and Shotwell Btreets. Father James
McDonald officiating. On account of the
Illness of Mrs. White's mother the wed
ding guests were limited to the necessary
number of witnesses. Mr. and Mrs. Drew
will remain at the Palace for a few weeks
and then epend their honeymoon in Men
docino County. The groom will retain
his position as court reporter, returning
to his labors after the expiration of a
month's leave of absence.
SUNDAY APRIL 8, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
.^^^^.^^ ?, .lu-uir, - i-i-i.-l."- -'¦ ""rt
Address Ali Communications to W. S>. LEAKE, Manager.
PI'BLICATIOX OITICE..MBrkfI «nd Third. 9. T.
TrlrpliMiw- Main ISttS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 917 to 221 Sterenioii St.
Telephone Main 187*.
Delivered by Carrier-. 13 Cent» r*r Weelt-
Slnvle Copiwi. 6 Cent*.
Ttrmi bf Mail. Including l'o«tuic«*j
DAII.T CAJ^L <inciudln« Sunday), ot* year *« <*>
DAILY CALL, Mncludlnit Sunday). « months ¦•<*>
CAiLT CALL {Including: Sunday). S montba '' M
DAILT CALI By Single Month & a
6LTCDAT CALL One Tear *•*•
WEEKLY CALL Ctee Year l - w
All poatmaater* nre anlhorlird to receive
subscript ion*.
ftaevpl* cojrtw w:il t* forwarded when reau«*t«d.
OAh.LI.tU OFFICE «»* DrondTray
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
M«nt£»r Foreign Advertising, Marquott? Bu liing, Ctvcago.,
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
ebarmam Bow: P. O. Newt Co.; GrwU Northern Hotslf
Pnotoet House; Auditorium H-toL
NTW YORK NEWS STAJfDB:
WaMorf-Artort* Hotel; A, Brentxaa, SI Vuttm Souarat
iCumt HUI Hotel.
WASHINGTON (a C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON L CRANE, Correspondent
BRANCH OFFICES— £17 Montgomery, corner of Clay. &en
until 9:80 o'clock- 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. <K9
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. «15 Larkln. oi^n until
8:50 o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 22G1
Market, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 8 o'clock. 1096
Valencia, open until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
9 o'clock. N"W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
THE KENTUCKY GOVERNORSHIP.
I—;I — ; ROM the Court of Appeals of Kentucky there
I was expected hardly any other decision on the
governorship case than that which has been
made. Being composed of Judges a majority of
whom are Democrats, it was a foregone conclusion
the judgment would sustain the Democratic claimant.
The only unexpected feature of the decision is that the
action of the Democratic members of the court was
sustained by two of the Republican members. That
fact saves the decision from the appearance of parti
sanship, and will go far toward obtaining for the
judgment something of public confidence.
It is to be noted the court did not in any way enter
into the merits of the controversy, but contented it
self with declaring it had no power to go behind the
records of the Legislature, which counted out Taylor.
Judge Burnam, whose opinion was sustained by
the majority of the court, says: "I have been led.
with some reluctance, to the conclusion— and not
without some misgivings as to its correctness— that
there is no power in the courts of the State to review
the findings of the General Assembly in a contested
election for the office of Governor and Lieutenant
Governor, as shown by its own authenticated records.
Many questions have been raised and discussed by
counsel for the appellant, but it will be unnecessary to
consider them in view of the conclusion we have
reached on this fundamental question."
The decision is not final, as it has been agreed by
the leaders of both parties that an appeal would be
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States. The
agreement says: "Should any party, after the final
determination of the causes by the Court of Appeals,
desire a writ of error to the Supreme Court of the
United States to review such determination, it is
agreed that such writ shall be immediately applied
for and diligently prosecuted, if secured, and that all
parties to said cause will unite id an application to said
Federal Supreme Court to docket and advance such
causes and give them the earliest hearing and deter
mination possible."
If the Democrats remain true to their promises they
will make no effort to oust Taylor from his office, but
will cordially unite with him in seeking the appeal
agreed upon. It is to be noted, however, that of late
they have shown many signs of a desire to precipitate
matters. Moreover, the efforts made to connect Tay
lor with the alleged conspiracy to assassinate Goebel
show a malicious intent toward him which does not
augur well for the future, though it is hardly likely
any Democratic leader of repute will sanction a direct
attack upon him or his authority.
The venom of the assaults made upon Taylor has
been exposed in the manly letter in which he has pro
tested against the outrage done him. He says: "For
weeks I have been made the target of vilification by
certain unprincipled newspapers in Kentucky. The
vilest insinuations have been made and the most out
rageous falsehoods have been told. When I was
called to attend the funeral of a beloved brother it was
seized upon as an attempt upon my part to fly from
justice. Again, when called to my home by reason of
the death of a dear sister the fountains of abuse were
opened and a flood of falseho.od and slander poured
forth upon me, the, charge again being made that I
was attempting to fly from the State. On my last re
turn to Frankfort these papers hastened to publish
the statement that I was met at the train and escorted
to my home by a squad of soldiers with a Gatling gun.
There is not one word of truth in this statement, but,
nevertheless, it was published and circulated to harm
me."
With that statement Taylor can safely leave his
vindication to the nrinds of his countrymen. It
may be that the United States Supreme Court will,
like the Court of Appeals in Kentucky, hold it cannot
review the findings of the Legislature, and the great
wrong against the voters and the good repute of Ken
tucky will therefore be consummated, but if the peo
ple of that commonwealth be fitted for self-govern
ment such a victory will cost Democracy dear. The
people can always go behind the returns in politics
and do justice, and to them Taylor can safely appeal.
There would be no objection if St., Louis wanted the
whole earth, but her longing to devour the Pacific
Coast as a special tid-bit is grinding.
selecting arbitrators hereafter. If that be accom
plished the Delagoa Bay award will 'have served a
useful purpose, and out of the wrong done to a few
capitalists bring about a surer justice in future.
PROTESTS AGAINST THE PLAYS
BEING GIVEN IN HOLY WEEK
Rev. Charles Adams' Declares the Berkeley Students Should Have
Selected Some Other Week for Their Theatrical Benefit.
? • ,
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for the opinions published In this col
umn, but presents them for whatever value they may have as communications of
general Interest. .
Editor of The Call — Dear Sir: As an American (of several hundred years'
unbroken descent), I have always understood that two principles are thoroughly
established as to public institutions —
1. One is that no such institution shall have any special, sectarian, religious
belief.
2. The second is that no such institution shall adopt measures that insult
the religious belief of any of our citizens.
To the professed (at least) belief of the majority of religious-minded citi
zens next week is Holy Week, devoted to solemn service, penitence and
prayer. Yet it has been selected by a State institution (the University of Cali
fornia, Berkeley) for theatrical performances and joviality. Were this a private
school I would have nothing to say, but I, in my own name and that of many
others who sympathize with me, protest against action which by desecration of
Holy Week by an institution to which all contribute (gladly and proudly), is an
insult to a very considerable number of the taxpayers of the State.
I would have protested some time ago, but was misled into the be
lief that the announced date (April 7) was a misprint for April 17, and I have
waited also for some protest by the Bishops who reside on the bay, and a
great company of priests and ministers who should confront this act by an,in
stitution of State support by some protest, and at last, as an insignificant indi
vidual, I enter my conscientious protest.
A State institution, deriving its support largely from State taxes, has no
right to insult a large portion of its constituents when a week's delay in cer
tain amusements would have harmed nobody.
With this I write to the three Bishops. in San Francisco and several clergy
men, and state openly that if the desecration of Holy Week meets with no op
position the agnostic and rationalist is completely entitled to regard our
professed religion as a sham, and anyone (Christian by profession) who at
tends these entertainments a humbug.
As all I dare to do I dare to do ever my own signature and take the con
sequences. I authorize you to publish my own signature, and am, respect
fully yours, CHARLES F. ADAMS.
Berkeley, Cal., April 7, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO' " CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
TO BE THE BRIDE
OF A COMPOSER
Nuptials of Miss Galland
and Giacomo Minkowsky
to Take Place To-Day.
Miss Wanda Galland and Glacomo Mln
kowsky. the talented young musical com
poser, will be married to-day at 2 o'clock
at the residence o« the bride's mother,
Mrs. J. B. Galland. 1321 Octavia street
It Is to be a quiet wedding, and only tha
immediate relatives of the young couple
will be present. ,
The home will be tastefully decorated
for the occasion with pink roses and a
mass of green ferns, and the young couple
will stand within a bower of roses and
ferns while Dr. Voorsanger reads the Im
pressive marriage ceremony. There will
be no bridal attendants. The bride whl
be attired in an elegant gown of pala
gray bengaline, trimmed with costly old
point lace. She will wear no veil, but in
stead a dainty hat of white lace, trimmed
with bride roses.
After a short honeymoon, the location
of which is being kept a profound secret,
the young composer and his bride will re
turn to town for a short stay previous to
leaving for New York, where their future
home Is to be.
AMUSEMENTS.
TlvoM — "M&n!!* Bound.**
Or-i^mm — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Quo Vadis."
Grand Opera-house — "The Bepgrar Student."
California — "On the Suwanee River."
* :ah:'crr.:a— Fadprewiki
Columbia — "Mr Pmooth."
Fischer's Concert House — "Faurt."
Fischer'B Concert House — "Cavallcrla Rustlcana."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•veninc
Olympla. corner cf llason and Eddy etreet»— Specialties.
liecreatlon Park— Baseball.
Central Park— Gentry' » Trained Animal Show, Saturday,
April 24.
El Cainpo— Dancing, bcwllnr. fishing:, etc.. every Sunday.
t'cion Coureinjt Park — Coursing to-dajr.
Xnglesl&e Courting Park — Coursing to-day.
Western Tut I Association— Races to-morrow.
18Guaranteed on $5000 bond, and I
will pay to any charitable institution
$1000 if it can be shown that th«
Belts I ana now selling at half price
are not the bona fide United States
patented Sanden Belts bought of A.
T. Sanden, 1899, and as sold on
this coast for years past. There i 3
no deception or imitation in these
Belts. They are sold in the Lion
Drug Store and at my office, and are
the Belts with thirty years' record as
the great remedy for the ailments of
man and woman.
No. 7 $40 Belt for. §20
No. 6 $30 Beit for. $1 5
No. 5 $20 Belt for $1 Q
Call and test them or write for Dr.
Sanden's book, "Three Classes cf
Men," free. Address
DR. S. S. HALL,
7 02 MARKET ST., ROOM 3.
SAN FRANCISCO.
rendered will be by Monnani and Mercadante
(Tone parole). In the evening at 7:30 o'clock
there will be the Way of the Cross followed
Ly a sermon on the "Passion of Our Lord by
Rev Father Calzla. The music will be
Stabat Mater (Rossini) • Mercadante "Pette
parole.) Holy Saturday: S«rvlc*s will begin
at St 2 Joseph's ' Church: Palm Sunday— Palms
will" be blessed and distributed to the children
before the 9 o'clock mass In the hall and before
the 1030 o'clock mass in the church. > Holy
Thursday— Mass will commence at 8 o clock.
Good Friday-Mass of the Presanctified at S
o'clock- the evening devotions at 7:30 o'clock
will consist of the Way of the Cross and a ser
mon on the Passion. Holy Saturday— The serv
ices will commence at 8 o'clock.
St James Church: Palm Sunday— The palms
will' be blessed and distributed before the 10:30
o'clock mass. Holy Thursday— Mass will begin
at 8 o'clock. Good Friday-Mass of the Pre
sanctilied at 8 oclock; Way of the Cross at 7;10
o'clock p. m. Holy Saturday— Mass will be
celebrated at S o'clock.
St Paul's: Services during Holy Week will
be as follows in St. Paul's Church, Twenty
ninth and Church streets: Holy Thursday-
High mass at 8:30 o'clock In the morning: ser
mon on the Blessed Sacrament by Rev. P. Hen
nessey at 8 o'clock p. m. Good Friday—Serv
ices will begin at 7 a. m. : stations of the croas
for the children of the parish at 4 o'clock In the
afternoon: Way of the Cross at 8 p. m.. fol
lowed by a sermon on the Passion by Rev. J.
E. Cottle. Holy Saturday— Services will com
mence at 7 a. m.
St John's Church: Palm Sunday— Blessing
and distribution of palms will take place before
the 10:30 o'clock mass. Holy Thursday— Morning
services will begin at 8 o'clock. Good Friday-
Mass of the Presanctified at 8 o'clock; Way of
the Cross at 7:30 in the evening. Holy Satur
day—The services will begin at 8 o'clock.
St. Mary's Paullst Church— Palm Sunday—
The palms will be blessed and distributed be
fore the 11 o'clock mass. Wednesday evening
there will be devotional services at 7:30 o'clock,
followed by a sermon by Rev. Father Otis.
Holy Thursday— Mass at 9 o'clock; evening de
votions at 7:30 o'clock; sermon by Rev. Father
Wyman. Good Friday — Mass of the Presancti
fied at 9 o'clock; Way of the Cross and sermon
by Rev. Father Hopper. Holy Saturday—Serv
ices will commence at 8 o'clock.
Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres: Palm Sunday-
Pain-.? will be blessed and distributed before th«
10-30 o'clock mass. Holy Thursday— Mass will
begin at 9 o'clock and will be followed by a
procession of the Blessed Sacrament; evening
services will begin at 7:30 o'clock; the sermon
will be on the "Holy Eucharist." Good Fri
day—Mass of the Presanctlfled at 9' clock;
Way of the Cross at 3p. m. ; evening services
at 7:30 o'clock; rosary and sermon on the "Pas
sion." Holy Saturday— Services will cummence
at 8 o'clock.
St Patrick's Church: Palm Sunday— The
palms will be bleased and distributed before
the 11 o'clock mass. Holy Thursday— Mass will
be celebrated at 8 o'clock: evening services at
7-30 o'clock. Good Friday— Mass of the Pre-
Fanctlfled at 8 o'clock: Way of the Cross at
7:30 o'clock in the evening. JHoly Saturday-
Services will begin at 8 o'clock.
St. Peter's Church: In addition to the usual
solemn services of Holy Week in St. Peter's
Church Rev. P. C. Yorke win deliver a series
of discourses to assist his parishioners In pre
paring for their Easter duty. The subj«?ct of
Father Yorke's sermon on Wednesday will be
"The Atonement"; Thursday. "The Real Pres
ence": Friday. "The Paaslon and Death of
Our Lord." and on Easter Sunday "The Resur
rection."
Sta. Peter and Paul Church: Palm Sunday—
Blessing and distribution of palms before the
9 and 10:30 o'clock masses; vespers and solemn
benediction at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday— Chant-
Ing of the "Tenebrae" at 5 o'clock In the
afternoon. Holy Thursday— Solemn high mass
with 3ermon by Rev. Father Genna, S. J.. at
8 o'clock, after which will be the Procession
of the Blessed Sacrament; evening services
will begin at 7:30 o'clock: rosary and sermon
on' the Blessed Sacrament by Rev. Father
Genna. S. J. Good Friday— Mass of the Pre-
Fanctlfled at 8 o'clock: at 2 o'clock washing of
the feet of twelve boys by the superior of the
Saleslan Fathers; at 8 o'clock Way of the Cross
and sermon on "The Seven Last Words" by
Rev. Father Genna. S. J. Holy Saturday-
Blessing of the New Fire, the Paschal Candle
and Baptismal Font at 7 a. m. : mass will be
celebrated at 9 o'clock.
St. Teresa's Chiirch: Palm Sunday— High
mass at 10:30 o'clock, before which Dalma will
be blessed and distributed; services In the even
ing at 7:30 o'clock. Holy Thursday— Mass will
begin at 7:30 o'clock: In the evening the rosar>
will be recited at 7:30 o'clock. Good Friday-
Mass of the Presanctlfled at 7:30 o'clock; Way
of the Crose at 7:30 o'clock d. m. Hoi* Satur
day—Mass will begin at 7:30 o'clock.
St. Francis de Sales Church, Oakland: Palm
Sunday— Palms will be blessed and distributed
before the 10:30 o'clock mass; the concluding
number of the Lenten sermons will be deliv
ered in the evening. Holy Thursday— Solemn
high masa at 9 o'clock; sermon at 7:30 in the
evening. Good Friday— Mass of the Presancti
fied at 9 o'clock: at 7:30 in the evening Way of
the Cross and sermon on t he Passion of our
Lord; a special trio will sing Rossini's "Stabrtf
Mater." Holy Saturday— Solemn high mass will
commence at 9 o'clock.
Knights of Maccabees.
On the evening of the 23d of March San
Francisco Tent added several names to its
roll by the Initiation of strangers. The
meetings are being well attended, and un
der the head cf good of the order the
members and visiting sir knights are
pleasantly entertained with interesting
addresses and music, both vocal and in
strumental.
JACOBS WILL
TAKE A HAND IN
TESTING CLERKS
He Has Received Authority
to Propose Some
Stunts.
Applicants for the Chief Clerkship
Must Be Able to Fill Any Posi
tion in the Sub-Treasury
Office.
The civil Ec-rvlce examination for chief
:lerk in the Sub-Treasury of this city was
LKfrun yesterday morning, and concluded
a.t 4 p. m., so far as the written exercises
Were concerned. There were twenty-one
ipplicants. The ealary of the position is
BtOO per anr.um.
An examination for the same position
tvas held several months ago, but was
canceled for the reason that the package
¦¦or.tainlni? tho questions sent from Wash
ington by the Civil Service Commission
had been prematurely opened by Manuel
Eyre, secretary of the local examining
ioard Hwi also an employe of the Sul>
rreasury. The fact that a brother of As
sistant Treasurer Julius Jacobs was on*
jf the applicants at the former examina
ion. coupled with the owning of the
package of questions by an employe of his
•rothor. gave some of the applicants th*
mpre.ssion that they were to be treated
unfairly and a protest was made to the
¦ rmr.ifVion, which resulted 5n the cancel
r.p of the examination, the commission
xpress=!r.g the opinion that the opening
it the package was an Inadvertent act
iad not (iopigr.ed or corrupt.
The cotjditior!.«< which r -evailei at the
'onner examination have . een changed by
.11 owing the Assistant Treasurer to take
'. hnrxi in the examination, as the *üb
i;in^d extract from a letter sent to each
if The nrnM^ants will Fhow:
LITTLE BOY MAKES
PADEREWSKI WAIT
| /f^UT In his private car at Third and Townsend streets yesterday Pader
| H jj ewski waited for little Valentine Miller, who was to come out and play
» % =^' »or him. Little Valentine, who is only seven years old, Is blind, talented
and poor, and his parents Journeyed all th«f way from their home In
» Ukiah for the sole purpose that the maestro might be Induced to hear the little
• lad and give him a few words of advice. Sam Shortridge, Paderewski's
) friend and legal adviser, arranged for the meeting between the great man
• and the little blind boy.
| On Monday when little Valentine got here he was taken to Paderewskt's
concert. On Monday night the little chap dreamed that he heard the angels
I playing and the music they played was the same as he heard the great man
> Play. j
• - When Shortridge placed little Valentine's case before ' Paderewskl the
> great pianist was Immediately interested. "Blind! poor! talented!" he repeated
• over and over again, and then concluded with a hearty "Certainly I will see
; the boy."
| But fate was against little Valentino and he lost his opportunity. The
. fact that he was to meet and play for the great man excited him. His "highly
I nervous organization suffered and yesterday Paderewskl waited for the slght
• less lad who came not.
• ' "Valentine is ill," his mother afterward explained, "and so he lost his
' opportunity, jHe could not go."
PUTTING IN A NEW FRONT.
H, Lesser's Shoe Store on Market
Street Being Completely Re
modeled.
The Popular Shoe Store at 717 Market
street will be succeeded in a few days by
the Beehive Shoe Store, with entirely new
stock, new fixtures, new clerks and new
prices. 11. I^esser, proprietor, having dis-
Eoscd of all his old stock to the Boston
hoe Company, decided to change the
name of his store and restock it with a
higher grrade of poods. The formal open
ing of the Beehive will take place some
time during the present week, the exact
date to be announced later. In the mean
time the place Is being remodeled, re
furnished and repainted, with a new plate
Class front and all modern fixtures. Mr.
Lesser intends to keep only the finest fac
tory-made poods, which he will offer to
the public at medium prices. He expects
to build up a business that will Justify
the name he has given his store. •
A - ' * - - T ".,
a. "The Peace Conference," a \
+ remarkable poem by Madge -f
Morris! Illustrated with a full- >
+ page drawing by Methfessel. t
4. This will be one of the most 4
+ artistic pages ever published +
T_ and a revelation in what can "*"
+ be done by the most up-to-
+ date halftone processes and -f
+ presswork. We challenge +
4. comparison! Get the Easter ~t
+ edition of The Call — out next +
+ Sunday— or you will miss -f
X something- really great. ~t
+ . x
Qg^> C -—^ Big Furniture Exposition Building,
No contemplating metal bed purchaser should miss this sale.
A caving of 30 per cent is a certainty. Some of the bargains:
28.00 * or $4*-5° BRASS BEDS— 2-inch posts; extra
heavy filling and warranted best hand lacquer.
Durable and beautifuL
30.50 for 513 5O HANDSOME BOW-FOOT. BRASS-
TRIMMED BEDS, some with rods and spindles
and very high headboard.
6.25 for $ iao ° WHITE ENAMELED IRON BEDS;
heavy posts, brass trimmed; these are sample beds,
and every one a great bargain for the money.
this extraordinary purchase of 38 different designs of beautiful golden Oak Sideboards at 70 cents on the dollar. Prices range
from $16 to $120. Seems a pity to sell good Furniture so cheap.
A first-class family hotel. The Bradbury. Ex-
cellent cuisine. 1604 California St.; cor. Polk. •
RAI> WAY'S lai-AUk KKLItA has atood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years aa «
Pain Kemedy. It Instantly relieves and quick!/
cures all Colds. Sora Throats. InfluAiza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralxria.
Headache. Toothache and a!l pains. Internally
tar ilaUrla and all Bowel Pains. All ilruisUt*.
PADEREWSKI PLAYS
AT NOTRE DAME
Sisters and Pupils and Visiting Cler
gymen Enjoy a Programme of
Splendid Music.
Yesterday afternoon the Sisters and pu
pils of Notre Dame enjoyed the playing
of Paderewskl, who went out to "the con
vent on Dolores and Sixteenth streets and
played for an hour as only he can play.
It was an Impressive pjcture the concert
hall of the convent presented, with the
dark-robed, sweet-faced nuns and grave
priests seated in the background and the
fresh young faces of the pupils in the
front rows, all gazing earnestly at the
great pianist, whose playing charmed
them and won their warmest applause.
Paderewskl was at his best and In re
sponse to the clamorous approval" of his
audience he gave several delightful en
cores. In the audience, in addition to the
Sisters and pupils of Notre Dame and sev
eral clergymen, there was a limited num
ber of Sisters from other convents, ac
companied by' their pupils. The pro
gramme of the afternoon was as follows:
Sonata op. £3 ....Beethoven
Allegro con brio.
Adaj-fo inolto.
Hondo, Allegretto. Moderate, Prestissimo.
Serenade— "Hark, Hark, the Lark!".".'.;:. •...•..:
Schubert-Llsrt
Spinning Song Mendelssohn
a. Nocturne Chopin
b. Valse ......Chopin
Ithapsodle Honjrrolse Liszt
Easter Novelties.
Never before has there been seen such
an array of pretty Easter cards as are
shown this year by Cooper & Co., the art
stationers. A number or new and original
designs have been published and can be
had exclusively from them. •
Burglars Make a Haul.
Burglars entered the building occupied
by a water heating company at Second
and Minna streets Friday night and es
caped with a quantity of booty. They
took a diamond glass cutter of the value
cf $200 and also stole the contents of a
telephone box and a typewriter. The po
lice have a clew as to their identity.
Kodaks, cameras, films, plates, velox
paper, solio paper, trays, printing frames,
albums, fievelopers and developing at San-
born & Vails. 741 Market street. •
Children's Home Entertainment.
The San Francisco -Children's Home, 4045
Twenty-fifth street, will give a musical
entertainment and dance at Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter street, on Saturday even
ing, April 14." The programme will be a
very interesting- one, being composed of
some of San Francisco's most talented
people. The following have kindly volun
teered their services: Miss Lillian White
ley, Herbert I. Bennett, B. S. Burns, Miss
Carrie Breuner, Miss Linda Johnson, Miss
H. Sullivan. Miss Hattle Whlpple, Miss
Eva Brown, Miss Nlta Clifton and Chris
Lynton.
An Insolvent Baker.
Angelo Petrl. baker, San Fra.nclsco,
filed a petition in Insolvency yesterday In
the United States District Court. His lia
bilities are $3S:>O 50 and his assets $14S0.
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
?n? GENUINE
S/\INDEIN
AtHALF PRICE
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suit* for divorce have been filed by
Mary Deromeri against George Deromerl
for cruelty, Fannie F. Fay against Loui3
B. Fay for desertion, and Mary Morlllla
Hlldreth against Frank Warren Hildreth
for desertion.
NEW ADVERTISING SCHEME.
Unique and Costly Plan of the Boston
Shoe Company to Catch the
Public Eye.
The Boston Shoe Company, which Is
about to open a big bargain store at 775
Market street, has purchased the entire
stock of the Popular Shoe Store at 40 cents
on the dollar and will have a grand open-
Ing on Wednesday morning, when the
whole lot of boots and shoes will be of
fered to the public at cost. The object of
the BoFton Shoe Company In making this
extraordinarily liberal offer Is for the pur
pose of advertising, pure and simple. It Is
the intention of the new firm to conduct
a bargain store, and this method was de
cided upon as the best and quickest means
of attracting the attention of the public
and building up a business. Selling goods
at cost, allowing nothinsr for wear and
tear and the expense of handling. Is a
rather costly way of advertising, but the
Boston Shoe Company managers have
original Ideas on the subject, and the
public will not be slow In taking advan
tage of the unprecedented opportunity to
secure their footwear at less than half
price. •
818-820 Market St., S. F.
'MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
BLOCK: SIXTEENTH STREET, FROM MISSION TO CAPF*.
examination In orthography, penmanship,
copying, etc., there will be sucn other sub
jects pertaining: to the duties of the posi
tion to be filled as the Assistant Treasurer
may determine. And I now Inform you
that during the next thirty days I shall
ask you to be present at this office. COS
Commercial street, and devote at least
one hour's time to answering such prac
tical questions as I may ask of you, and
which, of course, will pertain to the. duties
of chief clerk here, a position which Is
rot only clerical but fiduciary: and, fur
thermore, that I shall ask you to give me
at your leisure during the next thirty
days at least one day of your time and
presence at this office, without pay, so
that I may examine you as to the actual
work connected not only with the posi
tion of chief clerk at this office, but also
as to yotir actual knowledge of the duties
of any or all otherposltior.s. fiduciary or
otherwise In this office, as the regulations
plve me the privilege of assigning any
employe in the service to any temporal y
c'uty that iray he doemed necessary by
the Assistant Treasurer."
55.00 for $85.00 EXTRA FINE BRASS BEDS, an un-
usual, unprecedented opportunity to get a grand
bed for much less than the cost of manufacture; there arc
some 15 styles at this price; we quote $85 00 as comparative
value; a few of them have been $100.00.
17.50 for $ 25-°°2 5-°° ALL-HAIR MATTRESS; the best
value-giving in mattresses of the season; 40 pounds;
all long hair; worth every cent of $25.00.
8.50 for $iS-«> COTTON ELASTIC FELT MAT-
TRESS; proclaimed by many the most comfortable,
most sanitary mattress in use. We can heartily recommend
them. Comfortable and superior in wearing qualities.
special prices on brass beds and bedding, saving 30 per cent.
Really
there
ought to
be something
here for you.
Gents' Furnishings.
Imperial Ties, were 25c and
50c; now 15c and 25c.
Gents' Hose, "Black Cat"
brand, in black, tan. blue and
red; 15c per pair; 2 pairs for
25c.
A few odd sizes in Underwear
at half-price.
Hats; spring styles and shades;
$1.50, $2.50, $3.50.
Best values in the city.
Trunks, Etc.
For the traveling public — \V*
have a most complete line of
TRUNKS, SUIT CASES,
BAGS and VALISES.
Easter Novelties.
Pretty and Inexpensive.
Easter Cards.
In new and very handsome
designs, 5c to 75c.
VASES
MEN'S
FURNISHINGS
TRUNKS, Etc
WATCHES
Special Vase Sale.
Green Tint Vases, heavily dec-
orated in gold; were 35c each;
now 20c.
8-inch, Green or Purple, raised
floral pattern, with Cupid;
were 20c; now 10c.
Same as a^bove, with Gold
Decorations, 20c: now 10c.
8 pieces. Crystal Lemonade Set,
either in imitation cut or fleur
de lis pattern; 6 glasses, jug
and polished tray, 95c.
Imitation Cut-Glass Toothpick
or Match-holder, 3c.
Watches.
Ladies' or Gents' 14-K Gold-
filled Elgin or Wajtham
Watches, guaranteed for five
years. Your choice of a num-
ber of patterns for a few days
only at $6.95 each. •
Note our Guarantee — If these
watches fail to give satisfaction
at any time within five years
from date of purchase we will
repair same or give you a new
one free.
i~«i^^M^w**uwkM*Mamm at 70c on the dollar.
Owing to belated shipments from one manufacturer and a too early delivery on the part of another, we received last Thursday
two carloads of Sideboards, a total of 210 pieces.
Now, listen: The freight rate on Sideboards is $2 25 per hundred pounds; the freight rate on Bedroom sets Js $1 25 per
hundred pounds. For each Sideboard we shipped an iron bed as a companion, marked the "Sideboards" "Bureaus," and lo! we
had 210 bedroom sets at $1 20 per hundred freight rate and 210 iron beds brought out free in the bargain, a clear saving of
20 per cent on the whole order. We gladly give up 10 per cent of our profit, and commencing to-morrow morning we will offer
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IHSGELLANEOTJB.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
WILL OBSERVE
HOLY WEEK WITH
SOLEMN PRAYERS
Catholic Churches Arrange
Programmes for the
Occasion.
Ceremonies to Be Held in the Arch
diocese and the Order of Devo
tions to Be Ob
served.
Services of the greatest solemnity will
be held this week in all the Catholic
churches throughout this archdiocese in
honor of Holy Week. Palms will be
blessed and distributed to-day and
throughout the week ceremonies of the
most interesting character will be ob
served. Following are the programmes at
the various churches:
St. Mary" s Cathedral— Palm Sunday: The
palms will be bleased and distributed at the 11
o'clock mass; Calvaxian devotions at S o'clock,
with sermon by Rev. C. A. Itamm; vespers,
benediction and distribution of palms at 8
o'clock; sermon by Rev. J. B. UannUan.
Wednesday: Confessions afternoon and even
ing; benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament
in the evening. Holy Thursday: Communion
at ail hours in the morning; solemn high mass
and procession of the Blessed Sacrament at 10
o'clock; sermon by Rev. C. A. Ramm and bene
diction in the evening. Good Friday: The
solemn rites In commemoration of the death
of our Lord at 9 o'clock; In the eveninu the
Way of the Cross and sermon on the "Passion"
by Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast. V. G. Holy
Saturday; solemn rites of the blessing of the
new tire, paschal candle and baptismal
font at 7 o'clock; solemn high mass of the
Uesurrectlon at 9 o'clock. Easter Sunday —
Mass at «, 7, 8 and 9:30 o'clock; solemn high
mass at 11 o'clock, with sermon by Rev. E. P.
Dempsey; vespers, sermon by Rev. C. A.
liamm and benediction at S p. in. Low Sun
day: The boys and girls of the parish will re
ceive First Holy Communion at the 8 o'clock
mass.
All Hallows' Church— Palm Sunday: The
,ialma will be blessed and distributed before
the 10:30 o'clock mass. Holy Thursday: Mass
at 8 o'clock; rosary, sermon and benediction
of the Blessed Sacrament at 7:30 o'clock in the
fvenlng. Good Friday: Mass of the Presancti
ried will begin at b o'clock; 7:33 p. m., the Way
or the Cross Holy Saturday: Mass at 8
./clock.
at. Anthony's Church— Palm Sunday: Palms
will be blessed and distributed at 9:45 o'clock;
•a the high mass the "Passion" will be chanted
by the celebrant and his assistants, aided by
the choir; sermon and benediction at 7:3)
o'clock in the evening. Wednesday evening:
sermon and benediction at 7:30 o'clock. Holy
Thursday: Mass at 8 o'clock; general com
munion of the Mothers' Society; procession of
i he Blessed Sacrament; adoration throughout
'.he day; evening services at. 7:30 o'clock. Good
i'riday: Mass of the Presanctified at 8 o'clock;
devotions in honor of the three hours' agony
will be held from 2 to 3 o'clock; Way oE the
Cro3b at 7:30 p. m. Holy Saturday: Services
.v ill begin at 7 o'clock.
St. Boniface's Church: Palm Sunday — Bless
ng and distribution of palms at 10:15 o'clock,
followed by the singing of "The Passion" by
Key. Father Maximilian, who will be assisted
m the services by Rev. Father Augustine and
itev. Father Philibert. The evening devotions
will begin at 7:30 o'clock: Rev. Father Au
iustine will preach the sermon. Holy Thurs
iay — Solemn high mass at 8:30 o'clock, after
which there will be .a procession of the
blessed Sacrament. The' members of the vari
ous classes and sodalities will adore the
Blessed Sacrament hourly during the day.
rju'.-h class of the school children will spend
.ne hour in adoration and they will be fol
.uwed by the Young Ladies' Sodality, the Mar
.ied Ladies' Sodality, the Gentlemen's Society
md the Young Men's Society. In the evening
Jiere will b/5 the Way of the Cross. Good
r'rlday — Procession of the Blessed Sacrament
ia>l Mass of the Presanctified at 8 o'ciock. At
> o'clock In the afternoon there will be "The
.Vay of the Cross." At 7:30 o'clock in the
evening there will be a sermon by Father
.vlaxlmllian and the Way of the Cross. Holy
Saturday— Blessing of the new fire and bap
tismal font at 7 o'clock. The singing of the
"Exultet" and readirg of the prophecies will
be followed by a solemn mass at 8 o'clock.
St. Brendan's "Church: Palm Sunday — The
palms will be blessed and distributed before the
J and 10:30 o'clock masses. Holy Thursday —
Mass at 8 o'clock. Good Friday— Mass of the
Presanctified at 8 o'clock: Way of the Cross at
<":30 o'clock In the evening. Holy Saturday —
i"he services will begin at 8 o'clock.
St. Charles Church: Palm Sunday— Palms
will be blessed and distributed before the 10:30
o'clock mass. Wednesday evening— Services at
S o'clock. Holy Thursday— Mass at 8;30 o'clock;
at 8 o'clock In the evening there will be special
devotions. Good Friday— Mass of the Presancti
.ied at 8:30 o'clock; Way of the Cross and ser
mon at S o'clock In the evening. Holy Satur-
Jay— Services will begin at 7 o'clock In the
morning.
St. Dominic's Church— Palm Sunday— High
mass at 11 o'clock, before which the palms will
bo blessed and distributed. The solemn office
of the Tenebrae will be chanted at 7:30 o'clock
on Wednesday and Thursday evenings. Holy
Thursday — Services will begin at 8 o'clock.
Good Friday — Mass of the Presanctified at S
o'clock; Way of the Cross and sermon by Rev.
Leo Heacan. O. P., and special music at 7:30
o'clock in the evening. Holy Saturday — Services
will beeln at 8 o'clock.
St. Francis Church. Vallejo street: Palm
Sunday— Palms will be blessed ani distributed
before the 11 o'clock mass. Evening devotions
it 7:30 o'clock: a short Instruction will be de
livered by Rev. Father McGough. Wednesday
evening: Rosary, benediction and sermon on
the "Seven Dolors of the Blessed Virgin," by
Hey. Father Caraher. Holy Thursday: Sol
emn high mass and procession of the Blessed
Sacrament at 9 o'clock. Evening devotions will
begin at 7:33 o'clock. The litany of the Blessed
Sacrament will be recited. A sermon on the
"Institution of the Blessed Sacrament" will be
delivered by Rev. Father McMahon. Good
Friday: Masg of the Presanctlfled at 9 o'clock,
followed by a procession of the Blessed Sacra
ment. Way of the Cross at 7:30 p. m. and ser
mon on the "Passion" by Re\-_ Father Mc-
Gough. Holy Saturday: Blessing of the new
fire the paschal candle and baptismal font,
after which a solemn high mass will be cele
brated.
Holy Cross Church: "The Passion" sermon
will be preached by Rev. J. A. Lally of Hay
wards on Good Friday evening. On Easter
Sunday there will be a solemn high mass at 11
o'clock. ThPre will be an autrn^ntod choir
under the direction of H. W. Browne.
St Ignatius Church: Palm Sunday: Palms
will be blessed and distributed before the 10:30
o'clock mass. There will be chanting during
the blessing of the palms. The Passion will
be read from the pulpit In English at the 7:30
8:30, 9:30 and 10:30 o'clock masses. Perosl's
mass will b<» sung at the* last maB9. Rev.
Father Woods, S. J., will deliver the discourse
In the evening. Wednesday evening: Services
will begin at 7:30 o'clock. There will be rosary
sermon by Rev. Father Culllßan, and benedic
tion, after which confessions will be heard
Holy Thursday: Morning services will begin
at 8 o'clock. Mass by d'Archambeau and
Gounod will be sung. In the evening the
"Pange Lingua" will be rendered and n ser
mon on the "Blessed Sacrament" -will be
preached by Rev. Father Sardl. S. J. Good
Friday: The Mass of the Presanctlfied will
begin at 8 o'clock. The Passion, Improperia
and Vexllla will be rendered. At 12 m. the
devotion of the; three hours' agony will com
mence and continue until 3 p. m. Rev. Father
Chlappa will conduct the sen-Ices; the music
T^JX*?
Kin t§^|l^^jS 1
4>-
IT PAYS
TO TRADE
IN THE
MISSION.
IT PAYS
TO TRADE
IN THE
MISSION.
<r v
! W^\ Sunday
W Examleer
SPECIAL EASTER EDITION,
APRIL 8, J9oo.^^^jtJtjfcjt
The Mcst Magnificent Collection cf
RELIGIOUS PICTURES
EVER OFFERED.
I ... PRICE 5 CINIS. TOR SALE EVLRYWHERE ... I \
i — . 1 /
i 20 pages of color and half-tones, among which will be found splendid (
' reproductions of the following masterpieces i )
"Th* A«c*T.*ton," by John la Farere. "The Annunciation," by Mary I* Ma- )
\ from the yreat palntlnf in the Church co .*?l^* r - »__„„_,_?•„_.. X » n™- \i<
lof the A»QMiriOB. New York. ner Annunciation. by A. O. Tan- ) \
"The Adoration of the HhephenJ»." "Christ and Nlcodemu«." by John la } V
tj' E. I. Couse. Farge. \ >,
"Madonna." by Mary L. Macomber. "Ministering Angels." by Blllott Dan- (Z<
•'MatjdaJen." by Mary L.. Macomber. cerfleld. - \ <'
"1101/e," by Mary L.. Macomber. "Madonna." by L. Welles Champney f9,
• Lazaru*.' 1 by i;nhu \><Jd«r. "Madonna and Child," by Frances \'<
"The Frofrhrts." by Jchn 8. Sargent. Day. ( ><
"Mary Macdal-r.." by Edw. H. May. "Bottioellls Madonna," by L. Welles )I'
"Ilif Baiitiem." by Charles M. Khean. Chamrney. (j!
Bijt diuUe-tajr** picture of "The Lest "GethKeman*." by Elliott Dangerfleld. )<<
Plmdcw of the Cruclflxion," by George Beautiful full-page photographlo rea- \?J
lnrr-ps Jr ; ture In four colors ;
"Mary, by Jchn la Fare*. "The Benediction." The monks of \
"—• John -" fc V -Jonn '» Farge. Santa. Barbara. /
"The Captive." by E. A. Kramer. Full page of half-tone and brilliant \
Th<» famous frieze in the Boston Pub- color. •'-• (
lie library "Holy Week Amrng the Taos Indians." )
> "The Cruc!sxloß." Full pace In four colors and half-tone. (
', )
have surely J^So^^S^
decided on your
.faster bonnel-
but. how 3LDOut^^\ ,^t)V
w^X^ Ccntcmeri
Gloves
for Easter — sl.soop«irs I.50op«ir
w. m. smith, Agent 200 Post Street
19fcfiVVHEEym CHEHICH Co. b »ne«. Noa-utrtngent.
Tgmcmci!«NATi.o.|^33 Sow ay Dnwinu,
'ttfeV V. -¦. a. /J3 or s<-nt In pU« n wr» r pe?,
Weak Men and Women
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 322 Market.
. ...FOR
£r amS hi P SAN PEDRO
(Built tn 1539.)
Capacity 10CO tons. All modern
conveniences for comfort. El»o-
Ulo lighted throughout.
Sailing From
SAN FRXNCISCQ
MOMS DIRECT
May 15, 1900
This company will have Its own
complete equipment for the aaf*
and expeditious landing of passen-
gers and cargo on arrival at N'omx
For Freight and Passenger
Kates Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP GO.
(H. R. DTJFFIN & CO.. Gen'l Agents.)
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
EASTERN RACES.
M3MPHIS, Term., April 7.— Two favor
ites succeeded in crossing the wire first
at Montgomery Park to-day— Joe Frey in
the stake race and Banished in the fifth
event. The weather was delightful; track
fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— La Josephine won.
Miss Mac Day second. The Lady In Blue third.
Time, 1:29%;
Half mile— Lilly Pantland won. Queen Dlxon
second, South Breeze third. Time. :50%.
Half mile. Gaston Hotel stake— Joe Frey
won, Garry Hermann second, Sard third.
Time. :50.
Six furlongs. Scrivener won. McAlbert second,
Shllllngburn third. Time, 1:17%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Banished won.
Abusive second, W. B. Gates third. Time.
1:51.
Six furlongs, selling— Judge Wardell won.
Fre« Hand second, Sir Blaz« third. Time,
1:16%.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— Results at
Bennings: *
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Posthaste
won. Double- Dummy second. Aloha II third.
Time, 1:24 4-5.
Potomac purse, six furlongs— Royal Sterling
won. Sidney Lucas second, Fourney third.
Time, 1:16 1-5.
Steeplechase, for hunters owned and ridden
by members of recognized clubs, about three
miles— Young Exile (Mr. Taylor) won, Ochiltree
(Mr. W. Smith) second. Diver (Mr. Nichols)
third. Time, 6:25 2-5.
Seven furlongs— Speedmas won, Jefferson sec
ond. Monmouth Boy third. Time, 1:31 1-5.
Handicap, one mile and 100 yards— Beau Ideal
won. Knight of the Garter second, Shlnfan»
third. Time, 1:52 3-5.
Where the Cardinal Banner Was Trailed in the Dust.
Farry. lb 6*1*712
Fuller, 2b 4 110 6 2 0
Meln, r. t 4 1 0 • 0 • 0
Totals 38 10 7 8 27 13 8
STANFORD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Lougheed, o 6 2 4 0 5. 2 1
Edwards, s. c 3 3 10 8 12
Strohn. 3b .\ 6 13 0 2 8 0
Murphy, c. t S 1 2 0 1 0 2
Havens, lb 4 0 1 0 10 0 2
Cowden. 2b 4 12 0 13 1
Symonds. r. f........ 4 0 10 0 0 0
Brown, 1. f 10 0 0 0 0 0
Hampson. 1. t 8 0 0 0 10 1
Lanagan, p 4 0 0 0 14 0
Totals 38 8 14 0 24 13 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
California 2*032111 •— 10
Base hits 0 000811 2' •— 7
Stanford 2 0201002 I—B
Base hits 20401113 2— 14
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits— Murphy, King, Hunter. Two
base hits — Ix>ugheed. Strohn. Bases on balls —
By Kaarsburu 2, by Lanagan 4. Struck out —
By Lanagan 2, by Kaarsburg 8. Passed balls —
Ijougheed 1, Smith 1. Wild pitch — Lanagan.
Time of game — 2:30. Umpire — CConnell. Scorers
— Earle and Cameron.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Time— U, :24<Ji; %. :«%: % . 1:14% Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Wln
ber, H. L. Jones & Co.'s br. g., by imp. Watercress-Headflower. The right one landed Dr
Sheppard no speed. Pompino was trying. Sly ran a disgraceful race. Showing of Misa
Howena unfathomable. Scratched— Moringa 114, Cormorant - 109, Boundlee 103. Bathos 81 St.
Cuthbert 109. Esplrando 109. ;.; - - ¦ T ' *
Disorders of In.
Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott &Co.
Practice Confined to Diseases and Weak-
nesses of
Men Only
Varieoeele cured In one week at our office
or four weeks of home treatment, without
operation. Blood taints, contracted disorders
and every form of weakness a specialty.
We make a particular specialty of cases
which have become chronic and complicated
from neglected or improper treatment. Full
Information cheerfully and securely mailed.
997 Market Street, Corner Sixth.
ENTIRE UPPER FLOOR.
Ukiah Athletes Win.
j UKIAH. April 7.— The fourth annual
meet of the Sonoma and Mendocino Ath
letic Association was held in this city this
afternoon. It resulted In a victory for the
athletes of the Ukiah High School. The
score stood: Ukiah 79. Petaluma 28,
Santa Rosa 27, Healdsburg 11.
CLEVELAND BICYCLES — Roadsters. $40;
racer?. V>o. LEAVITT & BILL, agents, SO3
LarkJn street. •
Los Angeles Wins.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAX DIEGO, April 7.— The winter sched
ule of the Southern California Baseball
League has been closed. There remained
two games to play out the string, but
after last Sunday's game it was seen that
no matter how the other two resulted the
relative positions of the four clubs would
not be changed. Los Angeles wins the
series, with San Diego second, San Ber
nardino third and the Pacifies of Los An
geles last. A new series is to be started
on the first Sunday in May.
1057. SECOND RACK— Four furlong*; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
SOLDIERS AND
POLICE CLASH
AT FRANKFORT
Militiamen Rescue Two of
Their Fellows Who Had
Been Arrested.
FRANKFORT. Ky., April 7.— There is
great excitement here to-night. Two sol
diers at the State House were arrested
by the police for drunkenness while in the
street near the State House. A squad of
twenty-five soldiers dashed out of the
State House yard and rescued their
comrades from the two policemen who
had arrested them. The policemen re
sisted, and during the scuffle a number of
shots were fired, but no one was
wounded.
Chief of Police Williams summoned his
full force and started for the State House
to demand the prisoners, but the Beck
ham military authorities intercepted th<»'
police and dissuaded them from attempt
ing to capture the men who had started
the trouble and who had Deen rescued by
their comrades. The soldiers of the op
posing administration were drawn up
ready for action, and trouble was very
narrowly averted.
Chief Justice Hazelrigg of the Court fit
Appeals to-day granted a writ of error
from the decision of the Court of Appeals
to the Supreme Court of the United States
In the contest over the offices of Gov
ernor and Lieutenant Governor.
Ex-Governor Bradley and other attor
neys for Taylor will go to Washington
next week to present the writ and ask
that the case be placed on the docket of
the Supreme Court.
WAGON STRUCK
AND TWO WOMEN
ARE KILLED
An Accident on a Railroad
Crossing Near An
tioch.
ANTIOCH, April 7.— An accident oc
curred at the crossing of the Southern
Pacific Railroad between Antioch and
Cornwall to-day at 4 o'clock. The Los
Angeles express ran -into a buggy occu
pied by Mrs. N. Hill of Cornwall, Mrs.
Holly Ellsworth of Deer Valley and Mrs.
Ellsworth's little girl. Mrs. Ellsworth
was killed Instantly. The train was
stopped and Mrs. Hill and the little girl
taken on board to be carried to where
they could receive medical attention, but
Mrs. Hill died before the train reached
Cornwall. The little girl was taken to
Martinez. She is frightfully bruised about
the bo<ly and head, but hope Is enter
tained for her recovery. The ladles had
been shopping at Antioch and were re
turning home to the Hill ranch.
The accident occurred at a private
crossing on the ranch and one over which
Mrs. Hill had driven many times. Th«
train was late when it arrived at Antloch
and was making up time between here
and Cornwall. A strong wind has been
blowing all the afternoon and dust car
ried by the wind must have blinded the
ladies so that they did not see the train
or else they must have thought there was
no danger because the train should have
passed that crossihg half an hour before.
Mrs. Hill was the wife of Vt; Hill, one
of the most extensive and oldest farmers
on the Los. Medanos ranch.
Mrs. Ellsworth leaves a large family
of little children. Her husband died about
a year ago. v. —
SOFALA CARRIED
A DECKLOAD OF
WEIGHT AND WON
Tiptoed Her Field From the
Start in the Gebhard
Handicap.
Despite all misgivings of the hoodoo bri
gade Barney Schrelber's sensational two
year-old filly Sofala celebrated his thir
teenth public appearance with the colors
up by capturing the Gebhard handicap at
Oakland yesterday. The event was de
cided over the Futurity course and the
sprightly chestnut Mls» was askefl to pick
up 125 pounds. With a string of ten vic
tories already to her credit she looked a
likely one to cling to, and the big crowd
backed her heavily at odds of 7 to 5. The
Atkins & Lottrldge pair. Diderot tfnd St.
Rica, had second call, with the Burns &
Waterhouse duo. Dunfree and Lucidia.
next in demand.
After a few minutes' delay at the post
the bunch was sent away to a fair start,
the first choice almost immediately taking
command. Dunfree made a pme but
fruitless effort to catch the leader.
Opposite the paddock Henry swished
his whip at Sofala a couple of
times, when she responded gamely, al
though tiring perceptibly, and won by a
couple of lengths. Looking groggy at the
head of the stretch. Dunfree staid with
his work, taking the place from Diderot
by a head. The return of the winner to
the circle in front of the stand was the
occasion for quite an outburst of enthusi
asm, shared also by the P«P ul ar f wn ".
The weather was cool and the track a
trifle slow. Favorites managed to win
three of the purses on the card. There
was no paucity of coin in the ring, and on
one or two events the books received a
severe shaking up. ,
The opening five-furlong scramble re
sulted in a very handy win for Barney
Schreiber's Zurich. Backed, to even
money favoritism, the eeldlne; broke
away first and was n*ver li***.^^. J^noj
landed My Dear second, a neck ahead o*
Parsifal", ridden by Buchanan, and sec
ond choice In the betting, took, the two
yeor-old clash in commanding fashion,
leading from the start. In a. drive Gaylon
Brown downed Aphrodls for the place.
The favorite. Illusion, with Ross up, made
a very poor showing.
Through some musty looking saddle er-
forts Lothian was unable to get away
with the mile and a sixteenth run, played
from 3 to 11 to 5. Shields, astride Scotch
Plaid, considerately finished second, while
the wretchedly handled Jennie Reid ran
third.
An exciting finish marked the close of
the mile free handicap, gathered In by
May W, which led Gauntlet out a nose.
Flush of Gold, coupled with Anjou, ruled
choices in the betting.
After a thorough digest of the starters
in the concluding number the smart ones
chose Headwater for the candidate. He
led from the jump, beating Pompino with
ease. Sly receded from 7 to 5 to 11 to 5,
and 20 to 1 could have been offered with
impunity.
Track Notes.
Headwater, winner of the last event,
was bid up from 1500 to $1500 by Joe Dunn,
owner of Pompino. The stable retained
the sprinter.
After investigating the run of Princes 3
Zeika, which performed badly on Friday,
Owner Grant was exonerated from blame.
Tim Murphy, warned off Oakland track
some weeks ago, was yesterday reinstated
by tho stewards. The suspension was also
lifted from Jockey Morgan.
BERKELEY, April 7.— The baseball
team of the University of Califor
nia defeated Stanford In the first of
the series of intercollegiate games
on the Berkeley campus this afternoon by
a score of 10 to 8. California did not take
its chance at the stick in the ninth inning,
having already lead enough to win the
game.
Fully two thousand people watched the
I game*, which was punctuated with Joshes
I from the two rooting sections. With the
exception of the squally wind the day was
ideal for good ball and the grounds very
fast.
The game on the whole was fairly good,
being sensational at times and exceeding
ly ragged at other times. It was any one's
I game until the ninth Inning. California's
play was ragged- in the first two Innings
and the men seemed to be nervous. After
the third inning California took a brace
and ran in three runs, and in the next
two more, the rest of the innings netting
a run each. Stanford was spasmodic in
its tallying. Lanagan was a disappoint
ment, as the Berkeley men landed on him
freely. He has two men to his credit as
being struck out, as against eight by
Kaarsburg. He had very poor support in
the fields, the infleld, with the exception
of Strohn, being unable to handle the ball
cleanly, and the outfield dropping several
very easy flies.
The score shows California's reputed
heavy-batting team outclassed by Stan
ford by a margin of seven base hits. Cali
fornia's hits, however, were better placed
and made at opportune times. One of the
features of the game was a one-handed
catch by Edwards at short, who took a
high liner over second from Fuller. The
base stealing of both teams was weak,
though California took more chances and
netted three to Stanford's none. The only
accident of the game occurred to
Lougheed running to second base. Kaars
burg threw to second, the ball hitting
Lougheed on the side of the head, inca
pacitating him for several minutes.
The detailed score was as follows:
CALIFORNIA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A- E.
Hunter. .. ¦ 2 2 1 1 3 8 0
Braley," 8b J 1 ? 2 « I 0
Smith, c 6 1 1 J 9 Z 0
iffiin. c"i:::::::::: t i. i o i o o
STANFORD MEETS DEFEAT
AT HANDS OF CALIFORNIA
STOCKTON WINS
A CLOSE GAME
FROM OAKLAND
Sharp Fielding and Few
Hits Make an Interest
ing Match.
Both Pitchers Do Good Work In the
Box and Their Support
Was of Excellent
Quality.
Stockton 2, Oakland 1.
~£» few Epectators who occupied the
bleachers at the baseball game yesterday
afternoon at Recreation Pork saw one of
those matches that keep the tonprues of
the fans wagging: in post mortems. The
men from the asylum town turned the
trick and the Dudes went home sadder
but wiser men.
Stockton now leads the league with a
team that is well balanced. Several times
during the game the result was in doubt
and this heightened the interest to an ex
citing degree, although no deaths occur
red from lack of heart action. Whalen
pitched good ball, as did Steffani. The
errors were not very numerous, but what
there were of them were costly.
The last half of the second inning
brought the nrst rapid heart-beat. The
bags were filled by the Brummels, Hardle
on third. Dur.leavy on second and Moski
man on first. "Oom Paul" Lange thought
for a moment that he would put the ball
over the fence. This was simply a mental
aberration. He died on an in-field fly,
making the second corpse. Steffani, who
followed, was easy, cutting the atmos
jjhore three times in succession.
Tlw lir^t run of the game was. scored in
the fourth. With two epitaphs inscribed,
J^ockhead was presented with a base for
jlaving a flesh target and went to third
«>n Babbit's hit to left. Then talkative
Moore came to the bat and put the ball so
fiercely at Steffani that the latter did a
specialty jugglery act and Lockhead
scored.
In the fifth inning the Dudes shed their
dress clothes and tied the score. Schmeer
rapped out a single, skirting the bags on
a rich double to far center from Hutch-
Insbn's bat. Hardie went to the initial
station on four bad ones, but a double
play that followed sent the Dudes to the
IUMd with but a single run to their credit.
The score did not remain a tie very long.
A couple of errors, one by Pop Hardie.
who dropped Pace's fly, and the other by
J^anee. who failed to stop a hit by Babbitt,
were instrumental in sending. Pace over
the rubber.
There was a bit of torrid playing in the
last of the seventh. Steffani and Schmeer
were holding down second and third with
the graveyard empty. Hammond flew to
Morrow .-md then Hutchinson. the heavy
t^ick wifl<3er. came to the plate. He
drove a fast one to Babbitt, who returned
th<* ba'.l t<< the plate, shutting out Steffani.
gchaaeer was caught napping at third and
the si<ie retired, the score remaining un
touched. The score is:
OAKLAND.
A3. B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Frhrneer, «. s 4 1 1 0 S 5 0
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 5 10
Hm^hinson. lb S 0 ! 0 32 1 0
Hardie. r. f 2 0 10 2 0 1
Francks. Ib 4 0 0 0 S 3 0
J>unlfavy, c. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Mo*-kiir.an. 1. f.... 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Lonse. Sb 4 0 0 0 111
BteOftnl. p 4000020
Total* 2: 1 6 0 H 12 2
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. ro. A. E.
M'-Hale. c. f 5 0 10 0 0 0
Couitncj'. 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
1-ar-P. c. 3 110 9 2 0
Iwkhead. s. a 2 10 0 2 6 2
Babbitt. 2b 4 0 10 2 4 0
Morrow, r. t 4 0 1110 0
Edna, lb 4 0 1 0 1* 0 1
Moore, 2b 3 0 10 12 1
Vhalen. p 4 0 0 0 0 S 0
Totals C 3 2 7 1 27 17 4
RCKB AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0010000— l'
Bas* hits 1 20020000— 5|
Btocktoa 0 0 0 101000—2
Base hits 1 10210110—7
SUMMAP.T.
rtur.!> responsible for — Steffani 1, TVhalen 1.
Twf.-t.ase hits— Babbitt O, Moore. Hutchinson.
hit — I.ockhr'acJ. F*ir?t rase on errors
— Oakland 4. Btocktoa 2. First base on called
balls— Oakland 4. Stockton 2. I^>ft on bases—
Oakiani S. Pt-x-kton 9. Struck out— By Steffani
4. >•>- Vhalfn ". Hit by pitcher— l>ockh»ad,
J'a^p. Double p!ayf-Sc!ira<*r to Hutchinson to
Hammond: Whal^n to Iyickh^ad to Selna.
TVHd -pitches— Whalen 1. Time of rame— l:4s.
Umpire— Graves. Official scorer — J. W. Staple
ton.
SAN FRANCISCO WINS.
FAN FRANCISCO, April 7.— Considered
fr^m a scientific standpoint, the article of
hasrbaU furnlFhod by the Sacramento and
Ban Francisco teams to-day was not a
rearing fuoccrs. It was a comedy of er
rors, played by expert comedians, and
while there was some hard slogging and
pood work on the bases the game was
about as rooky a a any ever played on the
local diamond. T'mpire McDonald added
to the gloom. He was a dismal failure.
The srore:
6ACRAMEXTO.
AB. R. EH. SB. TO. A. E.
M^LaueM'.n. If .... 5 1 1 1 2 0 J
L>«>vere»i.ux, 3b 3 1 1 0 2 3 2
Easan. c. s . 4 2 2 0 2 3 4
FUuilpy. c 5 1 I 0 4 1 1
Huphos rf 5 12 0 0 0 0
Fhanahan. cf 3 3 2 12 0]
Hanlon, 1b 4 2 1 1 S 0 1
Ptultz. 2b 5 0 0 0 4 4 1
Salisbury, P 3 0 0 0 0 3 J
Doyle, v 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
— — — — — — —
Total* 33 11 10 3 24 14 12
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. EB. PO. A- E^
McCarthy, lb ".*.."..* 4 0 1 0 S 0 0
Hlldebrand. rf C 2 1 0 2 0 0
Knisr. of 5 2 0 0 111
Uevy, If 4 2 1 2 0 0 0
Scfawartx. c 5 12 0 7 2 0
Rpllly. 2b 6 1 1 0 4 3 0
Peeples. is. 8 4 110 2 0 2
Fitzps-trick. p 2 10 0 13 0
— — — — — — —
Total* 29 13 9 2 27 11 5
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
FaTam*nti» 0 9 0 0 0 2 0 0 o—ll
BaFo hits *. 04011211 o—lo
Sin Franrisco JllO7OlO •— 13
Base hits 12105000*— 9
SUMMARY.
Run* rcsrxrtwlbl* for — Salisbury B. Fltzpatrick
8. Homo run*— Hanlnn. Khar.ahan. Three-base
hit*— Brock heff 2. Two-hasp hits — Stanley.
Fhanahan, l>rv«>r«-aux, McCarthy. Sacrifice hit
— McCarthy. First I.;:*- on errors— San Fran
cisco in. Sacramento L. First base on called
»*lli=-Ofr Salisbury «. off I>oyle 3. oft Fitzpat
rick 7. L#ft on b.i?»-s — Sacramento 8, San Fran''
cisco L Struck out — By Salisbury 1. by Doyle
1, by Fitzpalrick 4. I>ouble plays— Stultz to
Kacan: Ij^vereaux to Hanlon; Ftultz to Han
lon. Passed ball— Schwartz. Time of frame—
Two hours. Umpire— McDonald. Scorer— l. C.
JCalhan.
DECLINED TO
RESPOND TO A
CALL FOR HELP
Criminal Carelessness of
the Attaches of the
Hospital.
?
Romeo Ainsworth Compelled to Suf-
f er for Two Hours Before the Am
bulance Arrived — Investi
gation to Be Held.
? _
The action of the attaches of the Re
ceiving Hospital in refusing to respond
to an emergency call sent in by the officer
In charge of the Southern police station
will in all probability be investigated by
the Board of Health.
Shortly after midnight yesterday morn-
Ing word was received at the Southern
Elation that a man was dying at Sixth and
Townsend streets. Acting Clerk Murphy,
who received the message, immediately
telephoned to the Receiving Hospital with
instructions to get the ambulance there
as soon as possible. About a half hour
later another telephone message was re
ceived, asking about the delay in the ar
rival of the ambulance. Murphy again
telephoned to the hospital and was In
formed that the ambulance was on its
way to the scene.
Suspecting something wrong, Lieutenant
Mooney left his post and, going to the
hospital, met the ambulance as It was
leaving. This was three-quarters of an
hour after the first telephone message had
been received. When called to an ac
count the steward at the hospital said
that he was busy and could not get the
ambulance out any sooner. After almost
two hours' delay the ambulance finally
returned to the hospital with the supposed
dying man. He proved to be Romeo Ains
worth, who had charge of a carload of
chickens which were en rout© East.
Ainsworth after reaching this city be
came ill and eeemed to be In a dying con
dition. He was taken from the car and
the yardmaster Instructed to telephone to
the police. For nearly two hours he was
forced to remain in an unused shed of the
railroad company while the police were
vainly endeavoring to induce the doctor
In charge of the hospital to send for him.
When the ambulance finally arrived Ains
worth was in a very serious condition and
begged to be taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. After reaching there It was neces
pary to awaken the doctor on duty, as he
had fallen asleep while waiting for the
ambulance to return.
An examination disclosed that Ains
worth was suffering from Intestinal colic
In an aggravated form. After the usual
remedies were administered he was put to
bed. It is not the fault of the hospital
attaches that Ainsworth did not die be
fore he reached that institution. For
nearly two hours he lay contiguous to the
railroad track, suffering untold agonies
and praying for medical relief. Still no
ambular.ee. came.
Captain Spillane, who is familiar with
the notoriously incompetent methods of
the Receiving Hospital staff, is determined
to bring the matter to the attention of the
Board of Health. He has already pre
ferred cltarges against Steward Bertand,
who neglected to send the ambulance
when he called for it, and expects that he
will be summarily dismissed from the de
partment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
HARES RUN WILD
IN A HIGH WIND
AT UNION PARK
Many Undecided Courses
Owing to Adverse Con
ditions on Field.
Beacon Is Again Installed Favorite
for the Stake, With Palo Alto
and Ireland Also Highly
Fancied.
Coursing at Union Park yesterday "was |
conducted under difficulty. A strong north !
wind swept the field throughout the after
noon, filling the atmosphere with sand
and disconcerting the hares. At best they
were of poor quality and afforded but .
short runs In the majority of instances, j
Once they felt the full sweep of the wind
they usually turned to the right and fa
vored the dog on the white flag. Of the
forty-two courses the dog on the white
won twenty-five.
The favorites won in the majority of |
courses. Red Hind beat Daisy Maid, the
2 to 1 favorite. Joe Farrell and Recording
Angel ran three times before the latter !
finally won. The first time Recording An
gel was alO to 1 favorite. Joe Farrell ran ,
unsighted. The next time out Recording
Angel was favorite at 15 to 1. This time .
Joe Farrell led to the hare and the course
resulted in an "undecided." At the third
attempt the Angel was at even money
and won. _ . _ •
Shylock Boy beat Aeneas at 5 to 3, San
tonin beat Singleton at 2 to 1 and Hadi
wlst beat Miss Grizzle at 3 to 1 after two
J. L,. Ross' Just Tip furnished some |
amusement early in the afternoon. He i
was being taken off the field, after hay- |
Ing been beaten by Sir Pasha, when he
saw a hare. He broke away from his j
handler and, with blanket on, coursed the
hare all over tue field. He captured it at i
the escape and Immediately started up an- |
other hare. Retaining his first capture in j
his mouth, he started after the other hare
and coursed that. When he was within ;
striking distance of the second hare he
dropped his first capture and then caught
the second one. He was too tired told ,
the first hare and when he released It it .
made its escape. I
Beacon has been Installed a strong ra- ;
vorlte for the stake. Next in demand is ;
Palo Alto. The latter meets Master Clalr .
in his first course, and if he passes that ,
point is expected ' to run well into the j
stake. He showed great speed with Cymro
and dashed in for the kill without his us- i
ual hesitation, winning by a score of 6
to 0. ,
Whitehead was withdrawn because of a
slight Injury he sustained while In his
kennel. Ireland, Vulcan, Master Clalr,
Forest King, Kid McCoy and Auckland
are the dogs most favored by the bettors.
The detailed results with Judge John
Grace's official scores follow:
George MacDougal's Spindle ran a bye. Nellie ,
Bawn being withdrawn; Gus Abercrombie b
Victor King beat P. A. McComb'a One Spot.
s—o; T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee beat G. W.
Heintz's Rustic Beauty, s—o; F. A. McComb's
Sir Fasha beat J. L. Ross' Just Tip. 6—l; R. E.
de B Lopez's Crawford La.i beat J. Ferris
Leah 4—l; T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee ran a
bye Whitehead being withdrawn; A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty beat Pasha Kennels' Round
About. 4—2; J. Sheridan's Forest King beat
Aeneld Ksnnels' Athena. 6—o; Curtis & Son p s
Flying Fox beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Spiteful, 2—l; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Hist
beat E. M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe, 4— S; G.
Abercrombie' a Rock Island King beat W. C.
Glasson's Sleigh Bells, 3—l; Curtis & Son's
Beacon beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo. 3—2;
J Carroll's Auckland beat D. Winder's Risky
Attempt, 4—2; T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat R.
E. de B. Lopez's Pepita, 3—2;3 — 2; J. H. Harrison's
Hot Haste beat A. Van der White's Leb.r King.
6—2- Lande & Gerber"s Rlenzl beat George
Nethercott's Freda C. 4—o; J. Carroll's Red
Hind beat R. K. de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid.
s—l; Pasha Keennels' Recording Angel beat D.
K. Carter's Joe Farrell. 5— 2; E. M. Kellogg's
Kid McCoy beat J. M. Halton's Lavender, 3—2;
Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat J. Hurley's
Hurricane. 4—o; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Mas- j
ter Clair beat E. M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma.
s—o; E. • Geary's Palo Alto beat A. van der j
White's Cymro. 6—o; J. Hurley's Shylock Boy j
beat Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas, 2—o; T. Logan's
Honor Bright beat H. McNeil's Black Hawk, '
3—o; M. Mlchalek's Old Glory beat Pasha Ken- j
nels' May Hempctead. s—o: W. C. Glasson's
Santonin beat Maher & Reid/a Singleton. 3—l;
Curtis & Son's Vulcan beat J. L. Ross' J L R,
6—o; Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller beat P.
Doyle's Wild Monarch. 4—o; H. G. Nichols'
May Herschel beat E. H. Farmer's Moonstone,
10_l ; Aeneiil Kennels' Agamemnon beat T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Ball. 4—l: E. Geary's Ireland
beat I'asha Kennels' Metallic. 3—2; R. E. de B.
Lopez's -Wonder beat D. K. Carter's High
Jinks 3—2;3 — 2; R. 1* Taylor's Winning- Lassie beat
E M Kellogg's lowa Maid. 2—l: R. L. Taylor's
Mose beat J. Hurleys O X Capitol. 4—2; Curtis
& Son's Blar*ette boat Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Miss Allen. 6—l: Erwin & Lyon's May
Queen beat G. W. Heintz's Coquette, 3—2; Gus
Abercromble's Rock Island Boy beat Erwln &
Lycn's Silver Wings. 4—o; A. Massey*s Hadi
wist beat T. Logan's Miss Grizzle. s—o; J.
Cane's Greenhall beat R. L. Taylor's Rowdy
Ttov 4_o; George Sharman's Wait a Bit beat
R Strahl's Three Cheers. 3—2; T. J. Cronin's
Thornhlll ran a bye. Royal Anne being with
drawn; F. A. McComb's Little Sister beat
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured. s—o.
ICASCARETS. Surprising, isn't it, that within three years our X
sales are over 5,000,000 boxes a year? That proves merit. Casca- (J>
rets do good for so many others, that we urge you to try iust a 10c f)
box. Don't put it ofE I Do it today. ' W>
jdo^jjk^k CANDY CATHARTIC 8
jf When you ask for Cascarets, don't let the dealer substitute some- 10
Ci thing else. There is nothing else as gbod as Cascarets, and if yon *
W-y are not pleased we pay your money back. 10c, 25c, 50c, all drug- S
Wi . fiT is . ts - Sample and booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Co., f)
I Best for the Bowels I
I .
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Saturday, April 7, 1300.— Weather fine.
1050. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Time— \k. :13U- %, :3"f4; %. 1:02%. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Win
ner B Schrelber's eh. g., by Zoolein-Virgie D. Nothing but Zurich from the start. My
Dear had a rough voyage, finishing well. Mllo Melo no speed. Scratched— Aunt Bird 119.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American
Steamship.
(CAPACITY SOOO TONS)
FOR HE DUCT,
Sailing from San Francisco
Monflay, May 21, 1900.
Special rates for freight and Insurances
Through passenger and freight servics to
Daweon and all points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STKET.
Time — %, :2ihi: Vt. :49. Good start. Won first three driving. Winnner, R. Van Brunt's br. c.
by St. Carlo-Partlssanna. Winner enjoyed clear sailing. Gaylon Brown finished gamely.
Illusion resting on past laurels; can do better. Scratched — Impromptu 113.
IOSS. THIRD RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— l-16, :06%: 5-16, -.Sl^: 9-16, :E7; 13-16/1:23%: mile, 1:42; 1 l-16m, 1:48. Good start.
Wen first three driving. Winner, J. FoleyVb. g., by imp. Lothlan-Loleta. Race had many
rough edges. Jennie Reid, with any sort of a ride, could have won. Plaid badly handled
also. Scratched— None Such 110, Mary Kinsella 10S, Imperious 110, Rapido 110. .
lOSOI FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; Gebhard handicap; two-year-olds ; purse, $2000.
Time— To V*. :21',i: to %, :46^; last %, 1:02; short %. 1:12. Good start. Won ridden out. sec
ond and third driving. Winner. B. Schrelber's eh. f., by Balgowan-Spozia., Winner pretty
tired at the end. Dunfree showed exceptional courage, standing a long drive. Away poor
ly. Impromptu ran a swell race. Logue of little help to Diderot. 'Coupled with Diderot.
tCoupled with Impromptu. JCoupled with Dunfree. Scratched— Mrs Brunell 100, Rollick
112. Bernota 112.
IOOn. FIFTH RACE— One mile; free handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
Time— %, :25%; %. :50U: %. 1:16; mile, 1:41 M. Fair start. Won first three driving. ", Winner,
D. Cameron s b. m., by Imp. Eagle Plume-Frlola. May W best. She was interfered with
on two or three occasions. Gauntlet can run with light weight up. With better handling
Dogtown could have been in the money. Flower of Gold quit. Anjou a bluffer. 'Coupled
with Flower of .Gold. Scratched— Constellator 103.
1001. SIXTH RACE—SIX furlongs; gelling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Cures
Disorders
of Men
We have made our reputation
by curing the most aggravated
and chronic cases of lost man-
hood, varicocele, private dis-
eases, blood poison, etc
OUR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure In any San Francisco bank, to be
paid only after they are well, or may
pay In monthly Installments. No other
doctors will make such an offer. Prices
reasonable.
We do not use electric belts, in-
jurious drugs or anything else of
a dangerous nature.
Advice and Consultation Free.
We have been established more
than 19 years and have the lar-
gest institution for curing men.
and the most extensive practice
in America. We never experi-
ment
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN.
"Guide to Marriage," a valu-
able little book, sent sealed and
free. Home cures a specialty.
Letters confidential.
731 Market St., S. F.
HOURS — DaHy. 8 to 8; Evenings. T to 8;
Sundays, 9 to 11 Elevator Entrance.
20
Index: Horse. Age. Weight. |St. % Vi
607 Zurich. 4 306 1 ... 1J
1043 My Dear, 4 104 4 ... R2
SS7 Christine, a lIS 8 ... 2 h
VH3 Henry C. 5 112 5 ... 10 1
593 Musculado. a.. ......109 2 ... 4h
1025 Harry Corby, 4 106 8 ... 6 1
1025 Naples. 4 104 3 ... 3 2
1044 Milo Melo. 4 106 9 ... 7 1
1007 Tourist 11. 4 104 7 ... 6 2
1014 Ace, a 12110 ... 9 1
767 Royal Fan. 4 ..116 11 ... 11
%
1 2
7 1
4 1
8 1
6 h
6 h
2 y%
9 2
3 h
10
11
Str.
I ' (Bettinif.
Fin. 1 Jockey. |Op. _Cj.
1 4 Henry 7-5 ¦ 1
2 n Enos « JZ
3 h Mounce 30 20
4 h PlgKOtt 6-2 6
5 h Ames 6 15
6 1 Helnson -10 12
7 ',4 FogK 1» 75
8 ¦ Buchanan .... 4 6
9 J. Daly » 20
10 Uoyd 20 100
11 J. Woods M 30
Index. Home. Weight. |St.
1W Parsifal 113 4
977 Gaylon Brown 110 3
1015 Aphrodls 110 8
977 Pocapa 110 5
1027 Illusion 110 6
977 Brltcn , 110 7
591 Kid Hampton 110 1
Cambarerea 118 9
.... Fatum 118 10
997 Molly Connors 110 2
Gertie B 115 I-<eft
'/«
1 4
22
3 H
6 1
6 2
8 5
4 1
9 8
10
7 «,
Str.
1 3
2 1
3 V,
6 1
B«
7 5
4 h
8 8
9
10
Fin. 1 Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 4 Buchanan — 3 3
2 1% Bozeman 6 8
3 1 PlgKOtt ........ 4 6
4 h H. Shields..... 6 12
5 2 E. Rosa 2 2
6 2 Henry 6 12
710 Knos 8 20
810 J.. W00d5...... 10 60
9 Mounce ....... 20 60
10 Lloyd .'... ,50 150
I Powell 20 50
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
104S Ijothian, 4 106 6
(1034) Scotch Plaid, 6 110 3
1023 Jennie Reid, 4 .104 1
1053 Uarda, 5 108 4
1018 Captive, a 113 6
1042 Castake, 5 110 2
1 2
6 2
6
8h
2 H
%
1 1
2 h
6
6^
3 h
4 2
%
1 1
2 h
? %
6
3 1
Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. CI.
1 I' 4 1 lie I. Powell 3 11-5
2 Vz 2 ns H. Shields 4-5 1
8 H 3 4 J. Woods 6 9-2
5 3 4 5 Bapsinger .... 6 10
4 2 5 4 Postel 10 20
6 6 Ames 8 13
ndex. Horse. Welght.|St.
1010) Sofaia 125*3
703 Dunfree 114 2
1047) Diderot 10S 4
1020 Impromptu 112 6
(9!»1) St. Klca 108 1
1027 Intrada 112 7
997 Lucidta ..1101 5
j U_
Vi %
12 12
23 2 3
3 2 S3
68 4 6
6h 6 4
7 6 1
4 2 7
Str.
1 3
2 1
a %
4 2
6 3
6 G
Fin. I Jockey. |Op. CX
1 2 Henry 6-5 7-5
2 h H. Shields 2 7-2
3 4 Logue 2 2
4 4 Piggott ....... 6 10
6 g I. Powell • •
6 8 Ames t t
7 E. Ross... t t
Index. Horse. Age. Weight, |St. '4 % - ¦ % Str.
925 May W. 6 110 4 5V4 3h H 3h
1039 Gauntlet. 4 90 5 ZVz >A 2 4h 2h
1034 Formero, 4 112 1 6 4 5h 2 >/i 1H
1014 Doßtown, 6 .". S>s 8 8 8 7 1 7 2
(1030) Flower of Gold. 3.. 100 3 lh I^l2 4U
9XO Wild Het, B 80 7 7 1 7 1 8 6h
1034 Anjou. 3 104 2 4 1 6 M 6 H 6H
874 Campus, 4 85 6 • 2VA 216 1 8 '-
Fin, t Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 ns Movince 2 2
2 1 Ranch ........ 6 7
3 4 Buchanan .... 3 9-2
4 1 Logue 25 15
6n Henry.... 6-5 8-5
6 1 J. Da1y........ 60 200
7 2 Ames • •
8 J. T. Woods.. 50 100
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.lSt. hi Vt % Str. -. Fin. | Jockey. |Qp. CI.
1042 Headwater. 4 .'.....111 5 ... 4 2 33~ IJ£ 1 1 Henry ; 5^2 9^5
1028 Pomplno. 4 ........ .106 1 ... 1H 2 H '23 24 J. W00d5...... 6 15
924 Dr. Sheppard, 6 ...112 C ... 6 3 5 2 . 5 2 a i I'leirott 3 4
(1064) Sly. 6 112 2 ... 2^4 42 3H 41 E. Robs. V.'.V.V. >-5 11-5
879 Alleviate. 5 ........107 4 ... 6 . 6 6 l{ Postel ....... 10 40
1045 Miss Rowena, 8....107 3 - ... SH lh 41 8 Ames 4 6
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.lSt. hi Vt % Str. -. Fin. | Jockey. |Qp. CI.
1042 Headwater. 4 .'.....111 5 ... 4 2 33~ IJ£ 1 1 Henry ; 5^2 9^5
1028 Pomplno. 4 ........ .106 1 ... 1H 2 H '23 24 J. W00d5...... 6 15
924 Dr. Sheppard, 6 ...112 C ... 6 3 5 2 . 5 2 a i I'leirott 3 4
(1064) Sly. 6 112 2 ... 2^4 42 3H 41 E. Robs. V.'.V.V. >-5 11-5
879 Alleviate. 5 ........107 4 ... 6 . 6 6 l{ Postel ....... 10 40
1045 Miss Rowena, 8....107 3 - ... SH lh 41 8 Ames 4 6
Index. Home. Weight. |St.
1W Parsifal 113 4
977 Gaylon Brown 110 3
1015 Aphrodls 110 8
977 Pocapa 110 5
1027 Illusion 110 6
977 Brltcn , 110 7
591 Kid Hampton 110 1
Cambarerea 118 9
.... Fatum 118 10
997 Molly Connors 110 2
Gertie B 115 I-<eft
'/«
1 4
22
3 H
6 1
6 2
8 5
4 1
9 8
10
7 «,
Str.
1 3
2 1
3 V,
6 1
B«
7 5
4 h
8 8
9
10
Fin. 1 Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 4 Buchanan — 3 3
2 1% Bozeman 6 8
3 1 PlgKOtt ........ 4 6
4 h H. Shields..... 6 12
5 2 E. Rosa 2 2
6 2 Henry 6 12
710 Knos 8 20
810 J.. W00d5...... 10 60
9 Mounce ....... 20 60
10 Lloyd .'... ,50 150
I Powell 20 50
Index. Horse. Age. Weight, |St. '4 % - ¦ % Str.
925 May W. 6 110 4 5V4 3h H 3h
1039 Gauntlet. 4 90 5 ZVz >A 2 4h 2h
1034 Formero, 4 112 1 6 4 5h 2 >/i 1H
1014 Doßtown, 6 .". S>s 8 8 8 7 1 7 2
(1030) Flower of Gold. 3.. 100 3 lh I^l2 4U
9XO Wild Het, B 80 7 7 1 7 1 8 6h
1034 Anjou. 3 104 2 4 1 6 M 6 H 6H
874 Campus, 4 85 6 • 2VA 216 1 8 '-
Fin, t Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 ns Movince 2 2
2 1 Ranch ........ 6 7
3 4 Buchanan .... 3 9-2
4 1 Logue 25 15
6n Henry.... 6-5 8-5
6 1 J. Da1y........ 60 200
7 2 Ames • •
8 J. T. Woods.. 50 100
Index: Horse. Age. Weight. |St. % Vi
607 Zurich. 4 306 1 ... 1J
1043 My Dear, 4 104 4 ... R2
SS7 Christine, a lIS 8 ... 2 h
VH3 Henry C. 5 112 5 ... 10 1
593 Musculado. a.. ......109 2 ... 4h
1025 Harry Corby, 4 106 8 ... 6 1
1025 Naples. 4 104 3 ... 3 2
1044 Milo Melo. 4 106 9 ... 7 1
1007 Tourist 11. 4 104 7 ... 6 2
1014 Ace, a 12110 ... 9 1
767 Royal Fan. 4 ..116 11 ... 11
%
1 2
7 1
4 1
8 1
6 h
6 h
2 y%
9 2
3 h
10
11
Str.
I ' (Bettinif.
Fin. 1 Jockey. |Op. _Cj.
1 4 Henry 7-5 ¦ 1
2 n Enos « JZ
3 h Mounce 30 20
4 h PlgKOtt 6-2 6
5 h Ames 6 15
6 1 Helnson -10 12
7 ',4 FogK 1» 75
8 ¦ Buchanan .... 4 6
9 J. Daly » 20
10 Uoyd 20 100
11 J. Woods M 30
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
104S Ijothian, 4 106 6
(1034) Scotch Plaid, 6 110 3
1023 Jennie Reid, 4 .104 1
1053 Uarda, 5 108 4
1018 Captive, a 113 6
1042 Castake, 5 110 2
1 2
6 2
6
8h
2 H
%
1 1
2 h
6
6^
3 h
4 2
%
1 1
2 h
? %
6
3 1
Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. CI.
1 I' 4 1 lie I. Powell 3 11-5
2 Vz 2 ns H. Shields 4-5 1
8 H 3 4 J. Woods 6 9-2
5 3 4 5 Bapsinger .... 6 10
4 2 5 4 Postel 10 20
6 6 Ames 8 13
ndex. Horse. Welght.|St.
1010) Sofaia 125*3
703 Dunfree 114 2
1047) Diderot 10S 4
1020 Impromptu 112 6
(9!»1) St. Klca 108 1
1027 Intrada 112 7
997 Lucidta ..1101 5
j U_
Vi %
12 12
23 2 3
3 2 S3
68 4 6
6h 6 4
7 6 1
4 2 7
Str.
1 3
2 1
a %
4 2
6 3
6 G
Fin. I Jockey. |Op. CX
1 2 Henry 6-5 7-5
2 h H. Shields 2 7-2
3 4 Logue 2 2
4 4 Piggott ....... 6 10
6 g I. Powell • •
6 8 Ames t t
7 E. Ross... t tAfter years of suffering with a severe case of rheumatism and stomach trouble can now state with
pleasure that I am almost completely cured. When I commenced taking Electrozone my hands and limbs
were swollen in a terrjble manner. I was unable to open or dosa my hands, to walk, sit down or get up
without assistance. During the last ten years I have spent over one thousand dollars ($1000) In trying
doctors and various medicines for relief, but with no permanent results. After taking two bottles of
Electrozone began to Improve, and now after the fourth note that my stomach Is in better condition than
for many years. The swelling and pain have entirely disappeared from my hands and limbs. Can walk
about without assistance' of, any nature, and know I shall soon be as well as I ever was. Am now in
my sixtieth year, thirty-six. of which have been an Odd Fellow on this coast, bein? a charter member of
a lodge in San Francisco, where I was employed for twenty years by E. J. Baldwin as the upholsterer of
the Baldwin Hotel, and charter member' of the Odd Fellows' lodge at Monrovia. Los Angeles County. I
cannot praise ElectroiKine enough for what It has already done for me. neither can I express In words my
gratification to you for your truly wonderful medicine. Respectfully.
J. B. NICHOLS. Baldwin's Ranch. Cal.
I give you full power to use the above and my picture. J. B. NICHOLS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of May. 1899.
T. M. KILLIAN. Notary Public for Los Angeles County, California.
We know that the great ELECTROZONE preparations are specific We know hundreds of thousands of people
are being daily cured by these great remedies all over the world. We know ELECTROZONE will cure you,
as it has cured others. Don't wait; check your ailment; get ELECTROZONE this day from your druggist.
Write to any of the following people. ELECTROZONE cured them. ELECTROZONE enriches and purifies the
blood and builds up the entire system.
Used Employer's Checks
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 7.-J. Friedman
of San Francisco, who came here several
weeks ago with excellent credentials and
entered the employment of Bernard Gor
don, the tailor, is a fugitive from Justice.
Friedman is of prepossessing appearance
and went the pace that ends in disgrace
by a weakness for cards, wine and women.
Gordon becoming suspicious, discharged
his salesman, who had abstracted three
checks from the center of hia employer's
check book. He tendered two of thes* for
$60, to which he had forged Gordon's
name, to local firms In payment for goods,
receiving $15 cash difference. The third
was returned from San Francisco. It was
drawn for $13 and made payable to Abram
Rose.
of San Bernardino, James A. Devoto of
this city, C. O. Dunbar of Santa Rose and
Percy V. Long of this city. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WILL HASTEN
ACTION IN THE
MARCEAU CASE
Order of Court Summons
All Parties to San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to Ths CalL
- LOS ANGELES. April 7.— Although the
hearing of the habeas corpus proceedings
Instituted by Mrs. Amanda J. Fiske-Mar
ceau-Fennell, for the recovery of her s
year-old eon Theodore from the custody
of Colonel Marceau, is set for Monday
morning at 10 o'clock, in Judge York's
court, the fact has developed that through
her attorneys, who are in San Francisco,
this case may be reset by consent.
Mrs. Fennell has been informed that
an order of court has been obtained which
demands the presence of young Theo in
San Francisco next Monday morning,
carrying the entire case to an initial pro
ceeding to determine, as the parents can
not agree who shall possess the child, who
shall become his custodian. Mrs. Fen
nell is preparing to go to San Francisco
on the Owl train to-morrow night, and
as Colonel Marceau, through the opera
tion of the writ that took the child from
its mother at Bakersfleld, has the child,
he also will, it is understood, accompany
his bo/ to the north on the same train.
Mrs. Fennell has not seen her boy since
the colonel marched out of the court
room, leading young Theo by the hand.
Marceau's attorneys Informed the mother,
in the most frigid note that words could
frame, that she could Bee him if they
were notified by a given hour to allow
preparation for the event. Mrs. Fennell
Is prostrated by grief and a cold that
threatens serious complications. She Is
under a physician's care and needs the
best attention. Her mental distress is
more pitiable than la her physical condi
tion. : .. A
"You may declare twthe world that no
friends of mine and that none of my at
torneys have sued for a truce." she said
to-night, "and that the statements that
mutual friends are endeavoring to bring
about a reconciliation is only a ruse. As
a finale to It all, I will say that while I
love my boy, I would rather let a third
party take charge of him than again
marry Colonel Marceau to have him re
stored to me."
Former United States Senator White
was In consultation with Mrs. Fennell
to-night.
A POSITIVE CURE for Rheumatism, Stomachy Bladder Ailments, Catarrh and all blood diseases. ELECTROZONE for
the B ood. All druggists sell ELECTROZONE preparations. LLECTR6ZONE;SI a bottle. Liver Pc lets 25c. Nerve Tablets 50c.
Take no substitute. Sold only through the legitimate business channels. Write for pamplets to ELECTROZONE M'FG. CO., S.F. *
/V DRESSMAKER'
Writes : ELECTROZONE cured me of, nervous prostration. I recommend Electrozona to all women
suffering with such ailments peculiar to their Bex. ' MRS. A. A. ASKING, .
¦JH-*jHwflßartM • US% Grand Avenue, Los Angeles.
GRAPE-NTJTS,
Your Electrozone has done me more good than some $1600 I have In Los Angeles spent during the
past three years for medical attendance. My rheumatism has entirely gone and the stomach difficulty
also. I can now eat without distress food that during the past seven years I have not been ablo to
touch. I sleep sound the entire night
"* I herewith grant the Electrozone Manufacturing Company the privilege to use the above statement
and my~T>lcture as they deem best. JOHN CAMPBELL, Lancaster. Cal.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 18th day of May, 1599. THOMAS KILLIAN,
Notary Public in and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
A Prominent Merchant.
"With great pleasure I fully Indorse your
wonderful remedy, having used It with
beneficial results In my family. I shall
always have it on hand for family use,
and recommend it to do Just what Is said
of it. Yours with respect,
J. C. WHITTINGTON.
211 West Third St., Lob Angeles.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thia
18th day of May, 1899.
T. M. KILLIAN,
Notary Public in and for the County of
Los Angeles, State of California.
¦ - - «¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ m^^-^^ __— _^^^^
She Swears to Facts,
I have feared paralysis; I would feel
nervous, dizzy, have headache and a numb
feeling all over me; and at times be com-
pletely prostrated. I tried medicine and
doctors, but found little relief until I was
advised to try Electrozone. Before I fin-
ished the first bottle I felt a great im-
firovement, and continued until now I am
n perfect health. In all I have used three
bottles. I write this for the benefit of any
woman who suffers with such ailments
peculiar to our sex. I would not b« with
out this medicine. Yours respectfully,
MRS. ALIDA C. G. ASKAY.
418 Grand Aye., Los Angeles.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
ISth day of May, 1899.
T. M. KILLIAN,
Notary Public In and for the County of
Los Angeles, State of California.
Death. Charged to Apaches.
TUCSON, Ariz., April 7.— Responsibility
for the death of J. D. Mark, a mining man
who was shot last night in Pinery Can
yon, has not yet been determinea. His
death has been charged to Apache In
dians, but It is not yet certain who did
the killing. There is no uprising among
the Apaches, as reported.
LAST CHANCE TO HEAR
PADEREWSKI TO-NIGHT
The programme) of Faflerewski's final
concert, which will take place at the Cali
fornia Theater 'to-night. Is as follows:
Sonata, op. ' 63 Beethoven
Allegro con brio, adagio molto. rondo
allegretto, moderato, prestissimo.
Impromptu, op. 142, No. 3 Schubert
Carnival, op. 9 ....Schumann
Preambule, Pierrot, Harlequin, Valse,
Noble, Euseblus, Florestan, Coquette,
RepJlque. Pappllons. Lettres dansantes,
Chlarina, Chopin, Estrella. Reconnals
' eance, Pantalon et Columbine, Valss
Allemande. Paganlnl, Aveu. Pause.
Marche dcs Davidsbundler contre les
Philistines.
Nocturne. O major, op. 87 Chopin
Sonata B flat minor, op. 35 Chopin
1, Grave, Doppio Movlmento; 11, Scher
zo; 111, Marche Funebre; IV, Presto.
Valse, A flat, op. U; Polonaise. A flat. op.
53 Chopin
Melody. O flat Paderewskl
Etude de Concert. Rhapsodls Honeroise.
No. 10 Liszt
Extricated Intact From Chaos.
To-morrow (Monday) there will be on
sale SOO pairs ladles' fine kid shoes, in tan
or black, vesting or kid top, all sizes and
styles (Goodreich's make), for $1 90 a
pair. These shoes came out unharmed
from a railway collision and were in
voiced at from $i to $6 per pair. Misses'
black or tan for 85 cents a pair. "The
Standard," 1029 Market street, between
TSixth and Seventh. •
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
There are people who hay« been torturing
themselves for years with trusses. Its Is hoped
their attention will b» drawn to Dr. Rice's frm
DR. 3. BALL.
offer. An elderly and retired physician, Dr. 8.
Ball ct Marion. Ala., is one of the hundreds
attracted to this generous announcement, and
as a result tie is now completely cured or a
bad rupture which was *cry hard to hold. Al-
though 73 years of age ha had the courage and
determination to try this new and novel method
and now he lives In peace, contentment and
security. Dr. Ball looks back to the old days
of crude methods and in comparison halls th«
wonderful method of Dr. Rice as a marvelous
God-send to the present generations. By all
means write at once to Dr.' "W*. a Rice. 413
8. Main St., Adams, X. V.. and he will s«nd
you a free trial of his remarkable home cur»
for rupture. There Is no pain, danger, opera-
tion or an hour's loss of time, and by starting
now yon will be sound and well by early spring.
COLLEGE FARCE
TO RAISE FUNDS
FOR TRACK TEAM
?
Benefit Week for University
of California Opens at
the Grand.
A week of benefit entertainments for the
University of California was inaugurated
yesterday afternoon and evening at the
Grand Opera House. The proceeds ara to
be devoted to help to pay the expenses of
the Eastern trip of the U. C.'s track team.
"James Wobberts, 1, S. S., Boston," a
very clever farce, was the programme yes
terday and will be repeated to-morrow,
Tuesday and Wednesday evenings. The
skit is the work of Richard Walton Tully,
a U. C. student, and abounds In really
funny situations. In no part of the farce
is the humor overdrawn and the perform
ance is one that does not drag from start
to finish.
The characters are by University stu
dents, who acquitted themselves in a
manner that would do Justice to many
professionals. The cast follows:
Tom Harrington, captain of the football
team James Bennett Southard
Reginald Black, his chum Rea Hanna
"James Wobberts. 1. S. S., Boston"
Richard W. Tully
William Everett James, a professor filling
a vacancy Milton H. Schwart
Byron Harrington, father of his son
Ralph T. Fisher
Dan Davenant ....John W. 9. Butler
Professor Magee, director of the "0ym"....
Charles D. Cobb
Nu rat a, good, honest, intelligent Japanese
schoolboy Alexander Gordenker
Marian Davenant Miss Jessie Bohall
Dulcle Harrington Miss Ella Viola Pattlanl
Mra. 'Wlsgrington Wiggins
Mlbs Annie L. Holmes
Ruth Thornton Miss Ruby Morse
Time— A. D. 1599. Place— Berkeley, Cal.
Scene— Reception room of Mrs. Wis
glngrton Wig-gins' boarding-house.
The performance was given under the
direction of Charles Bryant.
WE WHO WILL
ROLE THE ORDER
OF NATIVE SONS
Candidates Who Will Be
Prominent Before the
Grand Parlor.
The great event of the session of the
Native Sons of the Golden West, which is
to convene at Oroville on the 23d inst..
will be the election of officers who are to
serve for the ensuing term of one year.
Frank Mattiscn, the incumbent grand
president, will, by virtue of his office, be
come the Junior grand past president; E.
C. Rust of Jackson, the first vice, will be
advanced to the presidency; Frank L.
Coombs of Napa will become the first vice
president, being advanced from second
vice. For second vice president, which is
the stepping stone to the highest office in
the gift of the Grand Parlor, there Is but
one candidate, and that Is Lewis F. By-
Ington. at present grand orator. His
friends assert that he will go in without
opposition.
For the first time since he has been In
office Henry S. Martin, the grand treas
urer, who will be a candidate for re
election, will have opposition. Hesperian
Parlor of this city will present one of its
members as a candidate for that office.
That one is L. H. Kohn, a charter mem
ber of the parlor, which was organized
eighteen years ago. He Is a merchant of
this city, is recognized as a progressive
business man and for three years has been
president of the Polk-street Improvement
Club.
For the office of grand orator thera are
three candidates^ — Grand Trustee Fletcher,
A. Cutler of Crescent City, Grand Trustee
R. H. McNoble of Stockton and E. A. lie
serve of Los Angeles.
For grand marshal there are also three
candidates — Charles H. Stanyan of Stan
ford Parlor, Steve V. Costello of Pacific
Parlor and Major Charles Boxton of Na
tional Parlor, all of this city.
There is also a prospect of a contest for
grand outside sentinel, as J. Goldman of
Yosemite Parlor of this city and J. Em
mett Hayden of Tamalpals Parlor, San
Rafael, are announced as candidates.
The following named have been an
nounced as candidates for grand trustee
seven to be elected: George G. Radcliffe of
Watsonville, George L. Jones of Grass
Valley. J. R. Knowland of Alameda, M. T.
Dooling of Hollister. Will D. Shea of this
city, Charles M. Belshaw of Antloch.
Charles E. McLaughlin of Quincy, James
L. Gallagher of this city, W. D. Wegner
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
f& *! iHI IfH^lJ^l [HI 1 A IT" I \ff JL -J
TO THE S/CK AND SUFFERINC:
FRATERNAL NEWS.
Past Master Masons.
The association of Past Master Masons
pave its first entertainment and dance to
ady relatives and friends in Golden Gate
Hall on the last night of March. The at
tendance was most gratifying to the
members, as there were present a large
rumbor of those who are prominent at
Masonic gatherings. James A. Wilson of
the Mission district was the master of
ceremonies, and a r%ht good one, he
made. The programme lnciuded ballads
by Mrs. Freeman, recitation by Master
Ucnzalos. just a few amusing features by
Woston and Yost of the Orpheum. a
quarter of an hour of fun by Billy Hynes
tr.d droll storie6 and funny sayinps by the
muster of ceremonies. Then there was a
food programme of dancing. The affair
was rurh a s-ucoess that the association
Rill have another in the course of time.
Order Eastern Star.
At the meeting of King Solomon Chap-
IcT last Wednesday night there was work
»n the Initiatory degree which was per
lormed in a manner that was exceedingly
freditable to the officers. This chapter Is
in the up grade of popularity and all the
taembers are most enthusiastic In seeking
to make it cne of the most attractive in
Ihe city. There was a banquet after the
work.
Last Wednesday night Grand Patron
Darling, assisted by Associate Grand Ma
tron Mrs. Lucas. Grand Conductress Mrs.
Anna B. Johnson. Associate Grand Con
ductress Mrs. Minnie Hallett and Mrs.
D&lton, matron of Oakleaf Chapter, in
etituU'-: lii-rkiley Chapter with thirty
three members of the university town.
Sirs. Lyd'.a J. Wharff was installed as
worthy matron. Warren G. Sanborn as
trorthy patron and Miss Amita M. Sleeper
secretary. There were present at the cer
eniur.y besides those named. Past Grand
Matrons Mrs. Partridge and Mrs. Young.
J'att Grand Patrons Howe, Button and
Moebus. Pivst Grand Treasurer Mrs. Hor
ton, representatives from all the local
chapters except Beulali and King Solo
mon. There were also present members
cf Oakland. Oakleaf and Carita chapters.
Sirs. Carter, matron of Golden- Gate; Miss
McConkey. matron of Olive Branch: and
Sir*. Noah, associate matron of Ivy Chap
ter.
The Odd Fellows.
On the night of the last Thursday in
March Pacific Lodge celebrated the thir
ty-f.rst anniversary of its institution by
a. grand entertainment and ball In Odd
Fallows' Hail. The attendance was
greater than on the occasion of any pre
vious meeting in that ha!l. and the pro
gramme presented was an excellent one.
The numbers, in addition to introductory
re:::arkb by Fred D. Aihworth. tha r.oble
grand. a:id an address by Past Grand
Master Barnes, were vocal and instru
mental music, literary efforts and special
ties contributed by Mrs. Pracy, Edward
C. Bovsen. Samuel Adtlstcin. L. E. Be
ban; John Sit-venson, P. N. G. ; Miss
Celia Decker, Jerome White, W. E. Stev
ens and Edward Cameron. John Thomp
ecn was the floor manager.
San Francisco Canton No. 5, P. M.. and
Ean Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2
vill picnic at Sunset Park on the 26th
lnst.
Mrs. Paul Koehler of David City, Neb.,
whose eon ran away from home to go
. with the Thirty-first Infantry to the
I'hilSrpines, went to Vancouver Barracks
In the hope of finding htm there, but
v, hen she reached there she ascertained
that the regiment had gone to Manila.
While awaiting instructions from her
husband, she learned that her son was on
the transport Grant at fc-an Francisco,
and came here, where the found him.
But the trip almost exhausted her means,
lieir.s the wife of an Odd Fellow, and
having heard of the good work of the
f extern! relief committee, she called upon
•resident F. L. Turpin. who. after in
vestigation, rendered her assistance and
succeeded in obtaining transportation at
reduced rates to enable her to reach her
Fidelity Lodge, which under Noble
Grand Petereen and his corps of very en
thusiastic officers has been boomed to the
front at an extraordinary pace, last Mon
cay night gave another of Its popular
eocia!i=. which was a most enjoyable af
fair. As futures of the programme
there were mandolin selections by Miss
Fnedberg and the Misses Omer, piano
recital by Mrs. Pracy. dramatic reading
fc»y the prince of reciters. D. E. Hanlon,
vocal solo by M. Jon<>9 and German spe
cialties by Harry Nelmann. Dancing and
the serving of ice cream followed. H.
Jacks. A. J. Steitz and C. F. Phillips, were
the committee on arrangements, with the
r. .: :•¦ grand as master of ceremonies.
The Rebekahs.
California Rebekah Lodge win give Its
ar.r.ual ball in the Assembly Hall of Odd
Fellows' building on the night of May 4.
The private masquerade ball to be given
In Excelsior Hall for members of the or
der Ly Mission Rebekah Lodge on next
Saturday night promises to be a very en
joyable event, as the committee having
charge cf the came have completed ar
rangements to that end.
California Lodge No. 1 has elected Miss
Earah Harris, past noble grand, as dele
gate to the California Assembly. During
ihe current term this lodge has Initiated
e!£!:t candidates, and has etlll five more
jaraes to uct upon. The secretary has
tendered her resignation, which has been
tiCctpted, and Mrs. Sadie Kahn has been
elected to till the unexpTred term.
The visit of the degree team of Loyal
I>jdge to Olive Branch Lodge at Redwood
t'iiy to confer th<? degree on a. number of
candidates last week was one of the mem
orable events that will brighten up the
f.istory of thiß lodge. Th* staff of the
lodge, under the leao>r6hip*of Miss Mar
eery Jennings, one of the most active of
noble grands In this city, was highly com
t>llm^nted by Judge Buck for the excel
lence of the work. After the ceremonies
The seven new members, the officers of
the lodge, the degree team of Loyal and
members and mothers and visitors par
took of a fine 6upper.
Templar I^dge has chosen Mrs. Eliza
beth Mary McLean and Clara Jansen as
Its delegates to the assembly.
A "Kf-nses social" will I,? given In the
banquet hall of the Odd Fellows' building
to-morrow night, and what it ie will b«
f.',<*rnvrf:<i by those •who accept the invi
tation to attend.
Miss R?r.a Crawford has b«?en chosen as
«¦..•¦¦-•' from Mission Lodge to the as
sembly.
The Elks.
Last Friday night San Francisco Lodge
No. 3, after the initiation of twelve can
didates and the reading of the applica
tions of six strangers for admission.
Installed the officers elected at the
previous meeting. Last night this lodge
had a grand installation banquet at
CTi» of the first-class rotisseries. On the
£'th iript. the members of this lodge will
go to Vallejo for the purpose of Institut
ing the new lodge there. A steamer has
be«n specially chartered for the lodge.
Grand Esteemed Leading Knight J. O.
RHf«. who was recently Injured, is recov
ering. H<? left last Thursday for a short
stay in the country.
San Jose Lodge at Its last held meeting
InitiaU-d twelve candidates and Installed
Hb new officers.
Oakland Lodge ha» elected Henry Mel
vin exalted ruler. J. J. Hannifin Jr. (the
war horse) secretary and a full corps of
officers. This lodge Is arranging for a la
dies' night.
Native Sons.
Mission Parlor, which built and dedi
cated Mission Native Sons' Hall on
Seventeenth street seven years ago, found
that the venture was not a paying one
and being unable to clear the debt It had
incurred had to turn the property over to
the mortgagee. It has moved into the
Native Sons' building and held its first
meeting there last Wednesday, on which
occasion there was a good attendance
and a desire on the part of all to begin
life anew and make the parlor what it
was in the days of its prosperity. Three
candidates were initiated and three ap
plications were received. The parlor will
give a ball in May in the main hall of
the Native Sons' building under the direc
tion of a committee of which Frank H.
Mills, who was chairman of the commit
tee that arranged for the reception of
the California volunteers, la the chair
man. Frank H. Mills. John Porcher and
William P. Humphreys Jr.. the delegates
to the Grand Parlor, will at the next ses
sion endeavor to capture one of the
grand cfiires for Mission Parlor.
California Parlor No. 1 will give Its
members and friends an outing on May L
It will be to El Campo.
Grand Trustee Frank Barnett will of
ficially visit Sequoia^ Parlor to-morrow
night and National Parlor on Thursday.
Yerba Buena Parlor has elected John T.
Halnes and Daniel Suter as its delegates
to the Grand Parlor. Bay City Parlor has
ejected Henry George Washington Dinkel
spiel, H. L. Gunzberger and Michael
Savannah are its delegates.
Alcalde Parlor on last Wednesday gave
an entertainment to its many friends
when a pleasing programme was pre
sented and refreshments were served.
Those who entertained were: L. E.
Derre, H. Lauren ger. G. Brettonel, Wil
liam Cohlan, A. Bush. E. Lastreto, John
Staude, William Fenstermacher, J. Wal
ter Desmond. J. Lawrence Hurley and
Messrs. Love. Richards, Martin and Mc-
Stockcr and remarks by Al J. Rahwyler.
Native Daughters.
On the last night in March Fremont
Parlor of the Native Sons. of the Golden
WeEt had an "at home" in its quarters,
at which were present in addition to the
members a large number of gentlemen
and ladles, friends of the parlor invited
to enjoy its hospitality. Mrs. Jfr D. Bar
ton was the chairman of thyentertaln
ment committee and the other members
were Mrs. C. Barry. Miss F. Barry, Miss
Ruby Bartlett, Miss P. Bartlett and Mary
Burns. For the entertainment of the
guests of the evening there was presented
a programme of song, instrumental music
and literary numbers and an exhibition
of toe dancing by Master Montague Bar
tor.a, a bright little fellow of six sum
mers. This in imitation of toe balancing
by great premiers tie ballet was a clever
performance that was wildly applauded.
The others who contributed to the enter
tainment wefe Mrs. Hutchings and Miss
Anna D. Meaney, Mrs. Helen Goard,
Margaret McYicker, Walter Webb and
Thomas Harvey and others. This was
one of the most interesting entertain
ments in a small way given by this par
lor.
Aft^r clo6e of business on the last Sat
urday in March, the members of Alta
Parlor No. 3 and a number of visitors
present from Princess. Sans Souci and.
Caiaveras parlors were entertained by the
single ladles committee on fun for the par
lor. The entertainment was in the nature
of the lady jinks. Miss Douglass gave an
exhibition of tight-rope walking, an amus
ing travesty on aerial artists; Miss Orado
entertained with her wonderful powers of
ventriloquism: Miss Sullivan sang the
"Carolina Twins' viiih great effect; Miss
Merfugh gave a character sketch, entitled
the "Dejected Old Maid." and Miss Ti
coulet amused with an excellent repre
sentation of "Aunt Dir.ah." singing with
muct effect old time plantation songs.
The committee of Las Lonias Parior has
completed its arrangements for the apron
and necktie party, to be given in Mission
Parlor liall to-morrow night.
To-morrow evening the married ladles
of Minerva Parlor will be at home fn the
parlor to the unmarried members. This
is to be for members of the parlor only.
The Druids.
Past Noble Grand Arch Cavagnaro re
cently paid a visit to Jackson Grove No.
114, on which occasion the initiatory work
was exemplified by the initiation of five
strangers. After this work, the visiting
past grand gave the grove instructions in
the matter of conferring the bard and
druld degrees. This grove has a. member
ship of 135, with several applications un
d»r investigation. It expects to reach the
150 mark by May 1. The past noble grand
also paid a visit to Fortuna Grove. Angels
Camp, where, after initiation, he also gave
instructions in the degree work. This
grove was organized last November with
a membership of fifty-two, which has in
creased to eighty.
Roma Grove reports initiations at every
meeting and there Is great enthusiasm
manifested. This grove now has a mem
bership of 130, having made a net gain
during the present druidic year of twenty
one.
Salinas Grove, at Its last held meeting,
had three initiations and three applica
tions. Grand Secretary Graves visited the
grove at Hollister and initiated five can
didates. Golden Gate Grove initiated
twenty last Saturday. '
Laet Thursday night Noble Grand Arch
Martinoni and Grand Secretary Graves
visited the grove in Haywards and there
initiated several candidates.
At the meeting of the grove in May
field last Wednesday four candidates
were admitted to the first degree.
At the meeting of Manzanita Grove last
Thursday ni^ht five more candidates re
ceived the initiatory degree. At the pre
vious meeting sixteen were initiated. Tho
following nasaed were elected officers for
the ensuing term: Dr. J. W. Creagh,
noble arch; Walter Demartinl, vice arch;
Richard D. Barton, recording secretary:
E. J. Barton, financial secretary; Samuel
Fugazzl, treasurer; M. Hernon, conduc
tor: Stephen Glover, inside guard: W. vV.
Waters, outside guard; Dr. C. A. Glover,
physician; V. Nelson, Jules fiercer and
M. Hocker, trustees. Frank Marini will
become past noble arch and he will retire
with a most enviable record, having dur
ing his term, personally Introduced Into
the grove nearly seventy members. With
the new noble arch and the new secre
taries, all of whom are experienced fra
ternal men with- progressive ideas, the
grove will probably be made the leading
one in this city.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Pawnee Tribe of Alameda and Ah-wah
nee Tribe of East Oakland have arranged
for a contest between their adoption
teams for a silk banner. Each team has
been perfecting itself in the adoption
v.-ork, and it is expected that the contest
will be a close one. The team of Ah-wah
nee Tribe a short time since won a pair
of beautiful tomahawks in the contests
with a team of Comanche Tribe.
Ahwashtee Tribo on the night of the
last meeting in March entertained its
friends and during the evening a member
named Brower was, by the tribe, present
ed a gold watch in recognition of having
brought in forty-live palefaces into the
tribe in six months.
Alfred George of Manhattan Tribe, San
Jose, has been appointed organizer for
Kama Clara County.
The organization of Blazing Arrow
Tribe has been postponed until the 12th
lnst. The degree work will be by Pohona
chee, Althamos and Bald Eagle tribes.
Friends of the Forest.
Pioneer Lodpe of the Friends of" the
Forest will give a social In Its lodgeroom
In the Odd Fellows' building, on which
occasion there will be offered a select pro-
Bramms of entertainment, to bo followed
by dancing. It will take place on the
evening of the Bth lnst. This lodge at Us
last held meeting voted down a proposi
tion to establish an advisory board to be
composed of past presidents, whoso duty
it should be to supervise the work during
the frcssion of the lodge and advise the
presiding officer. It was decided that that
would be trenching on the rights of the
lodge deputy.
Mlzpah Lodge has arranged for a party
to be given in Mission Opera Hall on the
night of the third Thursday in'AprlL
• The card party that was given last
Tuesday night by Pioneer Lodge was a
very successful affair and was attended
by a large number of people who pasee.l
an evening contesting for the several
prizes offered.
• Harmony Lodge Is arranging for a party
to be given on the night of the 18th inst.
There was a large attendance on tho
occasion of the visit of the supreme offi
cers to Lincoln Lodge on last Monday
night. There was an initiation for the
edification of the visiting officers and
after the work there were many pleasing
and encouraging addresses by the visitors.
Then followed a pleasant hour at a colla
tion. •CTBBHBat
fix -^$y^M&^
S . JOHN CAMPBELL. S
.o ¦ • o
S J. B. NICHOLS. g
I Food Cure!!
Is Most Diseases I
$ ore causcu by improper food >
1 Quit i
r ' i
2s and use* . . j;
1 Grape=Nuts Food
|: and i;
I Po-trnn Food Coffee, i
j;;j Sold by all Grocers and made \
<j. by the Postum Cereal Food Fac- l
<;! Tories at Battle Creek. Mich. >
21
I* H. KOHN.RDTTCUI7Q FOR barbers, bak-
i3HU&rli2ld<». bootblacks.' t« t h.
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, caanem'
dyers, flour mills, foundries.' laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANVX BROS..
Brash Manufacturers, 609 Sacramsnto 3»
Run Over by a Buggy.
t VW. S. Chenoweth, an old man from
Davenport, lowa, was.run o\'er by a run
away horse attached to a buggy at Mar
ket and New Montgomery streets yester
day morning. •He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found that
he' had a deep wound on. his scalp and
abrasions on his right leg and knee. -
Good=Looking
Eye=G!asses
That stay on without discomfort. Cost the sama
as others that pinch. Ask your friends who
wear onrs.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises.' Quick repairing. Phone. Main IX
?,« ? wo ; Scientific \
642 MARKET OT. tasTRUMEjm
Confirmation
Special.
Fedora Hat.
White Tie.
The suit made from a high-
grade, blue worsted cheviot. A
dress suit— a suit suitable for
that grand occasion.
A Fedora hat, the choice to
lay between black, pearl, cedar
and brown.
One of our swellest of White
Ties, made from high-grade
Ottoman silk.
All for chaps between the ages
of 8 and 15.
An outfit that under ordinary
circumstances would be $7.
You can have the three in
our big Juvenile Department
Monday at
$3.95
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CRAB FISHERMAN.
DROWNED BEFORE
HIS WIFE'S EYES
Knocked Overboard by the
Boom and Sank Before
Help Came.
Auxiliary Cruiser Badger Turned
Over to Army Trans}, ort Ser
vice — Movements of Quar
antined Vessels.
¦ »
The circumstances surrounding the
drowning of an Italian fisherman yester
day morning were tragic in the extreme.
The unfortunate fellow was engaged in
"crabbing" off the end of the sea wall and
his wife and child watched their bread
winner at work with his nets from section
1 of the sea wall. Just as the fisherman
cast a net Into the water a squall struck
the boat, the sail filled and, throwing the
boom over, it caught the man In the small
of the back and knocked him overboard.
The gust of wind carried the boat away
quite a distance, and when the fisherman
came to the surface he seemed unable to
do anything save keep afloat and yell for
help. The distracted wife laid her child
down among the grain eacks and,-arous
ing the people on the schooner Josie, got
them to go to the drowning man's as
sistance. A small boat was quickly man
ned and a gasoline crabboat that was
coming In also started to the rescue. Just
as they were preparing to grasp the ua
fortunate fellow he threw up his arms
and went down like a stone. The boats
waited around for half an hour, but he
did not come up again. His boat was
then taken to Fishermen's wharf, while
the wife was attended to by some by
standers who took her. and. the child to
her home on Union street.
The ' fisherman's name was Jack Ma
cardo and his boat was called the.Con
cordla. He had been crab fishing along
the sea wall and around Black Point for
years and never met with an accident
before. Yesterday Instead of using the
oars he was sailing from net to net and
in an unguarded moment the accident
happened.
FROM SEA
AND SHORE
f— ir-iWO mor- vessels were added to the
quarantined fleet yesterday. They
jl were the schooner Helen N. Kimball,
17 days from Haua, and the bark Ed
ward May, 19 days from Makaweli. The
Moana was released yesterday afternoon
and docked at Pacific street. The Doric's
passengers came over yesterday morning
and the chances are the vessel will be
released to-day, while the transport Sher
idan will be released to-morrow. The
agents for the Doric are very anxious to
have the vessel released, as she has
on board thirty-flve boxes of gold valued
at over $1,000,000.
Shipyards Are Busy.
Another fine four-masted schooner for
the Philippine trade will be launched
from Hay & Wright's yards at Alameda
next Saturday. This makes the third,
and as soon as she is afloat the keel of a
fourth will be laid. The first schooner,
the Philippine, is now on her way home
from Manila; the second one. Expansion,
is now on her way to San Pedro, while
the third, Luzon, will go to Manila as
soon as she is equipped. The one yet to
be built has not been named, but she will
probably be called Mindora and will take
1,000.000 feet of lumber to the Philippines
for Uncle Sam.
Hay & Wright are also building very
substantial deckhouses on the Alaska
Packers' Association's steamer Wigwam,
also putting deckhouses on the Francis
Cutting for Hume Brosjv putting another
deck on the Dora for the Alaska Com
mercial Company, while they have the
steamer Celia on the marine ways giving
her. a thorough overhauling.
The steamer Coquille River reports
speaking the British schooner Arrietha
(?) on April 5 with 650 skins.
Sierra Pedrosa in a Gale.
The British ship Sierra Pedrosa arrived
from Antwerp yesterday after a run of
144 days. The voyage was uneventful up
to April 3, when the vessel was 200 miles
off the coast. What Captain Starkey de
scribes as a blizzard then struck her and
she had a hard time. The sleet was al
most blinding and a very heavy sea was
running. After escaping the blizzard the
Sierra Pedrosa ran into the fog and was
delayed twenty-four hours thereby.
Ferry Steamer Remodeled.
The ferry steamer James M. Donohue
has been thoroughly overhauled and made
into one of the handsomest boats on the
bay. Over $10,000 has been expended In
putting in new cabins and installing an
electric light plant, while the hull and
machinery have been thoroughly over
hauled. When the Donohue is ready for
service she will take the place of the
Tiburon for a week while that vessel Is
being overhauled. After that the Dono
hue will be used as an excursion boat.
The tugs Fearless and Alert brought the
Badger down from Mare Island yesterday
afternoon. She has been transferred from
the navy to the v army transport service
and will carry soldiers and supplies to
Nome for a few months. After that the
chances are that she will be turned into
a hospital fehip, replacing the Missouri,
which will be turned into a freight boat.
The steamer China sailed for the Orient
yesterday with a large cargo and quite a
number of passengers.
\ Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neur&lgrla.
Eruggiets. bOc flask. Richards, & Co.. 408 Clay.
' 129 Kearny. St.
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
Saved a Child's Life.
Henry Gordon arrived In the city, yes
terday on; a visit. At East and , Market
streets a little girl got in front of a: cable
car, and Gordon seeing : her '• peril jumped
forward and threw her off the track. In
doing so his foot slipped and he dislocated
his ¦ ankle;., He l was taken to the-Receiv
ing. Hospital for treatment. ¦>' .-'¦:¦ - , . •;
New Fashions Galore!
BRIGHT, ATTRACTIVE
EASTER FINERY
IN EVERY DEPARTMENT,
Outshining in beauty anl in point of assortment anything ever
seen in San Francisco.
THE FRISCO BOYS,
COR. KEARNY ST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE.
Flanagan's Death Accidental.
A Coroner's Jury yesterday Investigated
the death of John Flanagan, the young
plumber who died at the City Receiving
Hospital last Friday morning of a frac
tured skull, and returned a verdict of ac
cidental death.
The evidence was that at 1:30 o'clock on
the same morning Flanagan and a com
panion named Bradley created a disturb
ance in-Harry Bentham's saloon on Valen
cia street, near Sixteenth, and were gen
tly pushed out of the door by P. Higgins,
the barkeeper. Flanagan stumbled .down
the step that led to the sidewalk and fell
on his back on the cement walk .with
Bradley on top. both being drunk. The
fall fractured Flanagan's skull.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG.
Prevents Many People From Trying
a Good Medicine.
Stomach troubles are so common and in
most cases so obstinate to cure that' peo-
ple are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and indigestion.
Many such pride themselves on their
acuteness in never being humbugged, es-
pecially in medicines.
Tnis fear of being humbugged can be
carried too far; so far, in fact, that man>
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money in faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets. ! :<'";i
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different In one Important respect
from ordinary proprietary medicines for
the reason that they are not afsecret pat-
ent medicine. No secret is made of their
ingredients, but analysis shows ~them to
contain the natural digestive ferments,
pure aseptic pepsin, the dig'estivo acids,
Golden Seal, bismuth, hydrastis and nux.
They are not cathartic, neither; do they
act powerfully on any organ, but they
cure , indigestion on the common smise
plan of digesting the food eaten thor-
oughly before it has time to ferment, sour
and cause the mischief. This is the only
secret of their success.
Cathartic pills never have and never can
cure Indigestion and stomach troubles be-
cause they act entirely on the bowels,
whereas the whole trouble is really In the
stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets . taken after
meals digest the food. That Is all there Is
to it. Food not digested or half digested
.Is poison, as it creates gas, acidity. -head-
aches,- palpitation of the heart,, loss » of
flesh and appetite and many other troubles
¦which aro ¦ often : called by sonic other
name. \ •
On the Downward Path.
Lottie Itobb, a pretty girl 17 years of
age, was found yesterday living with a
colored man and woman at 24 Turk street
by Officers Coleman and McMurray of
the Society for the Suppression of Vice.
All three were taken to the City Prison.
The girl had recently been living with a
colored barber on Fourteenth street, Oak
land. She told the officers that a Mr. Hen
derson of the Oakland Board of Trade
was her guardian.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
Rearranging Police Districts.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs has been for some time urging the
advisability of rearranging the bounda
ries of the various police districts and
President A. S. Llllie has addressed a
communication on the subject to the
Board of Police Commissioners, In which
he states that such action would prove a
benefit to the department and afford bet
ter protection to the citizens. He urges
that the police stations should be placed
as near as possible in the center of their
respective districts, as at present they
are as a rule not conveniently located.-
Huntington's Generous Gift.
The visitors at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art on Friday had an unexpected
pleasure in seeing two pictures which
have just been brought from the East by
Collls P. Huntington and presented to the
art association. One of them is a still life
by 'William Harnett, a marvelous piece of
work in its attention to detail and yet
with an atmospheric effect that makes
each object seem absolutely real. The
other is a rich summer landscape by
Julian Rix, one of the latest and best
pieces of work by this well known painter.
The Harnett is from Mr. Huntington's
New York gallery, while the Rix was pur
chased by him especially for. the art insti
tute. That the public appreciated the op
portunity of being given the first chance
to see these admirable works was evi
denced by the crowds that surrounded
them all day.
Easter Cards.
The display of cards this season by
Cooper & Co. contains some exceptionally
pretty designs, especially so are the Cali
fornia poppies. *
LINED THIS Bfi T £fk
WEEK FOR A B ffl rfc
50 Patterns Jf fa KM Wli) *
From.
THE J. NOONAN
FURTOE COMPANY (Inc.),
Wl7-1023 MISSION STKBBT.
ABOVE SIXTH.
Plwne South 14. BiaTrwwUM
Easter Novelties
More beautiful than ever are the styles we
are showing for Easter this year in veilings,
neckwear, ribbons, gloves, waists, skirts,
belts, etc.
Veilings
A specialty has always been made by us in
this department and our Easter importations
comprise new, stylish and becoming patterns
of plain and dotted meshes in black, black on
white, navy and brown, prices from
25c to 12.50 a yard
Something new; over 100 different patterns
of the Savoy or made veil with lace, chiffon
and ribbon borders to sell at $1.00 each.
Cream and. white wash veils, always desir-
able during the summer season ; we have them
in plain and figured patterns, all new, from
' 25c to $5.00 each
Ladies' Neckwear
The great demand for neckwear this season has encour-
aged. us to import the most extensive line of novelties ever
shown in this market; comprising dainty effects in lace
and chiffon Jabots; scarfs and fichues of chiffon, libertysilk
and novelty laces; entirely new— black liberty silk ruffs,
with long graceful ends; chiffon, satin and lace fronts,
introducing some extremely novel effects; stock collars,
lace barbs, ribbon ties, band bows and collarettes in end-
less variety; also a complete line of all the new shapes and
styles of linen collars and cuffs. r -
Real ostrich feather boas in black," natural and gray,
in all lengths, at reasonable prices.
Special
Manufacturer's samples of chiffon capes at greatly
reduced prices.
Fancy Ribbons
A complete and weir assorted stock of new stripes,
fancy plaids,- figured, shaded, Persian, Roman stripes,
polka dots etc., solid colors in all the new.. pastel shadings.
New washable ribbons from No. i to No. 30.
Taffeta ribbons— extra quality in allshades.
for treatment, and he will be guarded by
two policemen while there.
Layden was older and bigger than Har
ris and was looked upon as a bully by the
other boys. On the night of March 24 he
quarreled with Harris and knocked him
down. Harris had to go on a message
and Layden followed him to the street and
again struck him. When Harris returned
Layden attempted to strike him the third
time, and Harris stabbed him in the back
with a knife. •
RESORTS PREPARING
For Big Business This Summer.
Conditions were never more favorable
for a large summer travel in California
than at present, and anticipating that
result, both the summer resorts and trans
portation companies aro making big prep
arations. The resorts are enlarging and
Improving their facilities for entertain
ment, and the railroads are improving
conveniences for travel and establishing
lower excursion rates. The tendency to
reduction of rates, not only in travel but
in the cost of outings, is marked in all
directions. '¦
As aids to outings, the value of which
can hardly be estimated, the Southern Pa
cific has published an elaborate series of
pretty folders and pamphlets which de
scribe and illustrate almost every place
of note in the State and fully explain the
ways and means of a visit. They can be
had upon application to any Southern
Pacific agent, or if asked for by mail by
enclosing a stamp for each publication.
Among the more valuable are "Resorts
and Attractions on the Coast Line,"
"Shasta Resorts," "Lake Tahoe," "Yo
semite," "Geysers and Lake County,"
"Summer Outings." "Pacific Grove" and a
large, handsome folder map of California,
MESSENGER BOY IS
CHARGED WITH MURDER
Andrew Layden Dies of a Knife
Wound Inflicted by Wayne Har
ris Two Weeks Ago.
Andrew L.ayden, the messenger boy who
was stabbed by Wayne Harris, another
messenger boy, at 205 Sutter street on
March 24. died at the City and County
Hospital yesterday morning. The body
was removed to the Morgue, and Harris
was booked on a charge of murder and
taken before Judge Fritz. Owing to the
fact that he Is suffering from sickness he
was sent to the City and County Hospital
Rather a
Fetching
Fashion,
That One Pictured Oppo-
site, Is It Not?
It's quite, a swell idea in blue.
The vest is a Fancy Silk Vest
for little chaps between the ages
of three and eight. It's a£o
novelty, and it's cheap at that
price.
It will be an Easter Special
xcith us at
We will also snow this week the Latest Noyel-
ties in RIBBONS, GLOVES, NECKWEAR, HO-
SIERY, LACES, FEATHER SCARFS, PARASOLS,
SILK SKIRTS and SILK WAISTS.
SILK AND WOOL FRENCH CHALYS,
SILK GINGHAMS,
SCOTCH AND IRISH PRINTED DIMITIES,
SILK TENNIS FLANNELS,
ALL-WOOL FRENCH PRINTED CHALYS,
FRENCH ORGANDIES,
GENUINE SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNELS,
WHITE FRENCH ORGANDIES
-AND
MERCERIZED. PRINTED COTTON FOULARDS.
This week we will have on sale the
following lines of NEW GOODS.
Confirmation garments
in high-class fabrics, de-
void of high prices.
We're always head-
quarters on Confirma-
tion garments.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We never stop getting in
pretty things. Ercr>/ day
briiigs ¦forth ftonve hing new.
and the fashion of to-day is
handsomer than that, of yes-
terday. Th'tt's rchy the big
Kcarny-street store is doing
t>uch a big business.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
~" u - .r ¦ * "*•¦ - "
REAL ESTATE IS QUIET.
THERE has been comparatively lit
tle doing irt real estate circles dur
ing the past week, although the
general tone of the market is
healthy and entirely satisfactory to
brokers and owners of property. The de
mand for good investment properties con
tinues brisk, but holders have as a rule
fixed prices rather above what prospective
purchasers are willing to pay. Differences
of this nature, however, will naturally
adjust themselves. Referring to the pres
ent condition of the market Thomas Ma
gee & Son's Real Estate Circular in its
issue of April 1 says:
"Business property, and business prop
erty only, is in demand. Retail property
is preferred, although there is inquiry also
for wholesale property. Buyers for this
latter class of property want It below
Market street. Retail' property which Is
not now but will within ten years be in
cluded in the retail circle of city trade
can now be sold at fair prices. There is
also a special demand on the part of»a
few warehouse and factory people for
land which they wish to improve by
Brannan and Townsend streets facing on
or near the railroad tracks. Houses and
lots of the value of $4000 to $6000 are in fair
demand. No dwelling land anywhere but
on the best portion of Pacific Heights is
Increasing in value. No third or fourth
class business property is increasing in
price, though It is renting better than
it did two or three years ago. Rents gen
erally are better than they were then;
and they would need to be; there were
more- vacancies then perhaps than at al
most any other dull spell in the history
of the city. The total number of sales in
March was 319, of the aggregate value or
$1,031,992."
On the same subject the Buyer and
Seller, published by Baldwin & Howell,
has the following:
"No material change has taken place In
the real estate market during the past
thirty days. A good demand still exists
for first class retail business property and
for the best residence sites. Investors
have not been frightened by the bubonic
scarecrow because they realized that it is
a mixture of indiscretion, politics and per
sonalities. Property owners know to err
is human, but they are not so saturated
with forgiveness that they will forever
pardon the mistakes of officials or ignore
the assaults upon the city by home or for
eign journals. The investment of outside
capital has always had a most stinAilat
ing effect upon the real estate market,
and it should be the aim of the press and
also the city officers to protect and pre
serve the good name of San Francisco
without regard to personal interest or po
litical results. While it Is true, as already
stated, real estate values may not have
been immediately affected by the bubonic
controversy commerce has received a
stunning blow which has wrought an In-
Jury that may be more far reaching than
we realize at present."
Concerning the condition of the local
money market Magee's Circular says:
"Money remains at 6 per cent, the banks
paying tho mortgage tax, with little de
mand. The total number of city real es
tate mortgages recorded in March was
400, of the value of $1,330,749. There were
323 mortgages released, amounting In all
to $1,091,037. The price of money tends
downward. During the past month 151
mortgages were taken by private persons,
amounting to $336,224; they released $457,
292. The Hibernia Bank lent $398,375 and
released $281,085. The German Bank lent
$216,350 and released $163,660. The Savings
Union lent $53,550 in March and released
$67,050. More borrowers now, as for the
past two years, is a crying need with our
savings banks."
The same publication also has the fol
lowing comment on the significance of
the Risdon Iron Works recent purchase,
news of which was first published ex
clusively in the Call :
"For over fifteen years the Risdon Iron
Works have been contemplating the pur
chase of a large tract of land on the bay.
and the enlargement of their plant and
the addition thereto of a drydock for the
largest vessels 1 and a shipyard in which
all classes of iron and steel craft could be
built. This purchase they have finally
made by the acquisition of the old rolling
mills' site at the Potrero,- at a reported
price of $550,000. Those mills began clos
ing but. their business about two years
ago. .There are thirty-two acres of land
in the Risdon purchase, and a deep water
front of over 1500 feet. The Union Iron
Works will now have a competitor in the
building of vessels here, and thus prices
will be lowered. A very large addition
to the hands employed by the Risdon
Works will now result. Cities are built
0/1 permanent and prosperous foundations
only, when home manufactories increase
and prosper.* Had the Union Iron Works
not been doing well, and the Risdon also,
the latter would not have made this
large purchase and enlargement. The roll
ing mills would not have gone out of ex
istence had the stockholders enlarged and
improved its plant, to keep it up with
modern Eastern establishments. An
enormous Increase in the capital would
have been required to do this, and as as
sessments under poor management in
stead of dividends had long been the rule,
the increased capital was not forthcoming
and the establishment was closed. The
Risdon will make a good phenix, from
the long cold ashes of the rolling mills."
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. have sold for
A. \V. Rose to Mrs. Elizabeth Pillsbury
the property on the northwest corner of
Broadway and Laguna street for $25,000.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report two big
transactions during the past week. They
sold what is known as the Wilcox prop
erty, on the southwest corner of Ninth
street and Broadway, Oakland, to M. E.
Gooding for $150,000. The lot is 100x165 and
the seller was Jacob Levi. The other sale
was of the Trapper Sluice ranch on Rob
erts Island, comprising 1750 acres. The
.seller was \V. G. Witter and the buyer J.
Livingston, and the price paid was $140,000.
The Yon Rheln Real Estate Company
reports the following sales: Lot on the
south line of Twenty-sixth street, 25 feet
west of Harrison, 24:4^x90 feet, with cot
tage, Oliver Moore to A. E. and Mary
Hawkyard, $1800. Lot 1, block N, Railroad
Homestead Association, Jennings estate,
to J. Murphy, ,$450. Lot on east line of
Bartol street, 77:6 feet south of Broadway.
40x57:6 feet. Giuseppe Devincenzi to Luigl
Delucchi, $SSOO. Lot on the northwest cor
ner of Vallejo and Octavia streets, 30x125
feet, with house, sold by the estate of
Kate Vollmer to K. Melrose for $7000. Lot
on the northwest corner of Greenwich and
Taylor streets, 65:9x137:6 feet, with im
provements, Theodore Sutro to Henry
Kohler, $13,750. Cottage on the north line
of Page street, 181:5 feet west of Pierce,
lot 25x137:6 feet, F. Behre to Anna C. Toft,
$3750.
Russell & Surryhne report the sale of
the flfty-vara lot on the northwest corner
of Haight and Devisadero streets for
$17,205. This property was a portion of
the Pratt-Goodspeed estate, and about
winds up its holdings in this city. This
firm also reports the sale of three cottages
and lot 75x114 at 20-22-24 Alvarado street
for $3500; also two lots on Buena Vista av
enue at $2750 each.
The Home Building Company reports
the sale of eighteen lots in the Forest
Park tract, Fruitvale. Five new cottages
are under construction, ranging from $300
to $1200 in value, on lots worth from $1000
to $2000 each. . The company reports also
the sale of a house and lot in Berkeley
for $1500; two sales in Oakland at $1000
and $1800 respectively and three pieces of
property in San Francisco at $SOO, $1200
and $1450.
McEwen Bros, report that the streets In
their new town site of Santa Fe, at the
terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad, are
being graded and put in shape. A con
tract for grading twenty-five blocks was
let last week and teams are now at work.
To afford sightseers as well as investors
a view of the point and the work going
on there, the steamer Monticello will stop
on Sundays at Point Richmond. The pro
moters of the new townslte report that
last week an average of six sales was
made each day.
Gustav Harstiall has leased 'to S. Dor
man the store at 139 Third street for a
term of three years from April 1, 1900, at
$3600 for the term.
Architect Otto Colllschon Is preparing
plans for a proposed $100,000 hotel to be
erected In Alameda.
That Does Everything But Run and Talk.
That's Our Easter Gift
to Our Young Patrons.
$HElJuNNfes AreYoURS
'i* / ' ' jjcipync^jß^^^^^ * ,¦> v \-
I CARPET &
STEIHWAY PMfflS
USED AT ALL
PADEREWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Picifio Coast Sepreteatitirti.
ra.I3.GG Conducted under the
————— American and Euro-
Rncl pean plans » and in a
manner that will sat-
isfy the most exacting
GF3.nCt :mi particular taste.
' 1400 rooms—goo with
TT x 1 baths.
Hotels I
22STATE CLUBS TO
BE REPRESENTED
AT LOS ANGELES
Conference of San Francisco
and Alameda County
Delegation.
Reports Presented From Various Or
ganizations Foreshadow Large
Attendance From This
City.
«
In response to an Invitation from Colo
nel George Stone, pr6sldent of the Califor
nia Republican League, a number of club
officers assembled for conference at the
Union League Club last evening. Colonel
Stone announced that the object of the
meeting was to exchange views regarding
the Los Angeles convention and to ascer
tain how large an attendance there would
be from San Francisco and Alameda coun
ties. He fancied that even a lower rate
than $20 for the round trip might be ob
tained if one hundred delegates would act
together and charter a train.
Henry C. Barrow, president of the
Berkeley Republican Club, said that the
organization which he represented was
entitled to fifteen delegates, and he was
positive that five would attend the con
vention.
A. G. Booth, president of the Union
League Club, remarked that the league
was entitled to fourteen delegates aside
from its officers, and he was convinced
that eight representatives would be pres
ent. to say nothing of proxy representa
tion.
Colonel William Macdonald, president
of the National league Club, gave assur
ance that hi« club would send a delega
tion. He said that he would be in Los
Angelos and attend the convention.
Colonel Whitesides said tho McKlnley
Sailors' and Soldiers' Republican Club
would *be represented.
Hamilton J. Riggins of the Continental
league announced that the executive
committee would meet next Tuesday anil
elect ' delegates. He asserted that tho
league was entitled to seventy-one dele
gates. He believed that fifty, including
twenty Knights Tomplar. would speak for
the league at Los Angeles.
Thomas W. Northup, president of the
Bear Club, said that organization was en
titled to fourteen representatives and that
seven would go.
E. M. Galvin announced that he would
attend the convention as a delegate from
the Garlield League. Oscar Tolle of the
German-Americnn Club and Alpheus Duf
fee of the Thirty-sixth Assembly District
Club gave notice that each club would be
represented. •
Major Kyle s-aid he was not authorized
to speak officially for the Phoenix Club,
which' was entitled to twenty-five dele
gates, but he hud knowledge that fifteen
members Qf the club Intended to visit Los
Angeles and participate in the work of the
convention.
Dr. Morris, representing the Forty-third
Assembly District Club, said the club
would send five delegates.
H. Z. Osborne of Loa Angeles, chairman
of the transportation committee, assured
the meeting that the delegates attending
would have a delightful time, as special
plans of entertainment had been devised.
Colonel George Stone observed that it
inspired one with enthusiasm to see how
the leading men of Los Angeles are work
ing to promote the success of the conven-
Thomas D. Rlordan suggested that an
other meeting be held next Saturday. The
suggestion was adopted after prolonged
discussion. It was the sense of the con
ference that the presidents and secretaries
of San Francisco and Alameda County
clubs should attend the meeting next
Saturday evening and definitely report the
number of delegates elected and also the
number that would surely go to Los An-
B The secretary of the Union League Club
was requested to <?onfer with the South
ern Pacific management and ascertain if
a lower rate than $20 for the round trip
might not be secured.
Prohibition Party.
The Prohibitionists of Northern Califor
nia will hold a convention next Thursday,
April 12. in Hamilton Hall. Oakland, - for
the purpose of electing delegates to the
national convention,- to be held in Chicago
June 27. .
THE body of the elderly man found
in the water off West Berkeley last
Sunday has been identilled as that
of F. W. Kreling, a pioneer of this
city, formerly of the firm of F. W.
Kreling & Sons, and fathor-in-law of Mrs.
Ernestine Krelins of the Tivoll Opera
house and Mrs. John Kreling, housekeeper
at the Baldwin Annex. Yesterday after
noon Deputy Coroner Streightiff came to
San Francisco and his description of the
body satisfied the latter Mrs. Kreling that
the remains were those of her father-in
law. She also identified a* boot taken from
the body as that of her missing relative.
The boot bore the maker's mark of H.
Frese. 327 Grant avenue, San Francisco.
Mrs. Kreling declared that her father
in-law must have met a violent death.
She said he had taken breakfast as usual
with her last Saturday morning and had
been in his usual cheerful spirits. She
was positive that he had not committed
suicide, because he had told her only a
few days before his disappearance that he
was making preparations to go East to
sell some property he owned in New York.
He had purchased his ticket and was to
leave in a few days.
"Mrs. Kreling was positive that the de
scription was that of her father-in-law,"
said Deputy Coroner Streightiff. "and it
was settled by the boot. I traced the name
through the bootmaker and a tag found
pewed on deceased's clothing that gave
the name of Krelins."
Carl Kreling. a nephew of F. W. Krel
ing. and W. H. Leahy, manager of the
Tivoll, were notified of the finding of the
body and went to Oakland last night to
investigate. They positively identified the
body as that of F. W. Kreling. After
viewing the remains, the nephew said:
"I am convinced my uncle met foul
treatment. When ho left the Baldwin An
mx last Saturday morning he had his
gold watch, valuable papers and consid
erable money with him, as he was get
ting ready to go East. The police will
be asked to make a thorough investiga
tion."
Neither Kreling nor Leahy are able to
assign any reason why deceased should
commit suicide. A pocket handkerchief.
30 cents and a partially tilled whisky flask"
were found on the body.
Deceased was about SO years old. How
he met his death is a deep mystery. The
body had been In the water apparently
not more than twenty-four hours and
was only slightly mutilated by the action
of the ¦water. There was no evidence of
violence and nothing to indicate that mur
der had been committed.
Dtpuly Coroner Streightiff of Berkeley
has under investigation a report that a
, launch was teen off West Berkeley a
week ago Saturday flying signals of dis
tress, with two men in It. He believes
Kreling may have been one of the men
and that the craft was capsized. The
body was found in shallow water and it
was washed ashore by the high tide and
heavy wind of last Sunday.
On the same day that Mr. Kreling dis
appeared John Uhlberg, a journeyman
tailor living at SS Third street, also disap
peared. Uhlberg's body was found that
night on the Berkeley shore about half a
mile below the place where Krellng's
body was discovered the next day. The
body was identified a few days later.
Uhlberg was a Swede, and as Kreling
spoke Swedish it is possible that tiie two ¦
met and started out together for a sail on I
the bay and met death together, although j
under just what circumstances may never
be known. Uhlberg had been in San I
Francisco but a fow days before his death, I
having come to this city from Seattle.
Drug Houses Buy Smith Typewriters.
. L. & «M. :¦ Alexander, 110 Montgomery
street, agents Fmlth Premier . typewriter;
Just sold Hudyan Remedy Company,
Mack & Co.. Redlngton, Kirk, Geary &
Co.v .Langley & Michaels, Vlavl Company.
Art catalogue free. IIiSOIS
Wrecked a Restaurant.
Gus Beck and G. Hanson, sailors, .went
Into the restaurant of Charles Schussler,
22 Hlnckley alley, Friday night In a state
of Inebriety and demanded liquor, which
was refused. During the mix-up that fol
lowed they overturned" the •¦ counter 'and
smashed a. number of bottles and crock
ery. They were yesterday convicted by
Judge Fritz on the charge of malicious
Graves Got No Vindication.
Ernest P. Graves, the well known law
yer, of San Luis Obispo, who was sen
tenced by Judge Unangst to pay a fine of
$200 and to spend five days In jail, and who
took the-case to the Supreme Court on a
writ of habeas corpus,* was not accorded
the satisfaction he was seeking.* The case
was heard yesterday and the Justices re
manded the prisoner to the custody of the
Sheriff. The term of imprisonment ex
pires at 12 o'clock to-night.
Sudden Death of H. W. Stokes.
H. W. Stokes, an employe of the Mar
ket-street Railway Company, died sudden
ly yesterday morning while working In
the Hayes-street car. house, evidently
from heart failure. The deceased was a
native of New York City. 66 years old, and
resided with his family at 422 Lyon street.
An inquest will be held. ; ¦':
17 j? ALI ADALI. blessed with great strength and a still greater appetite, is
[ i taring at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. With him is his manager, Duncan
S ii ' • McMUlen. who is also a noted athlete, and between the two the
taMe in the dining-room at meal times takes on the appearance of a
Kansas town aftf>r a cyclone has passed ovr-r it. Both men must eat to sus
tain themselves in th'-ir contests, but judging by the amount of food they can
store away they are in fit condition to give battle to a score of men.
Hall Adali is called the "Sultan's Lion." but it is not his roar that frightens
his opponents; It J«= his great size and enormous strength. His muscles do not
¦bulge out like balloons, but are elastic, and when brought Into play are capable
of lifting and throwing camel? and even breaking human backs. . Heenjoyr the
distinction of once having thrown Yqusouf, the "Terrible Turk." whose remains
are at the bottom of the Atlantic, ocean. As Is well remembered Yousouf was
no "Turk" when It came to wrestling, he having defeated the best men In the
land before he met his fate on the ocean, and if Adall defeated him he Is well
«l«le to defend the honors bestowed on him by his Sultan. George Mlehllng,
strong man and wrestling instructor of the Olympic Club, is willing to attest
to th.» prowess of the "lion." On Monday night Adali buffeted Mlehling around
the mat at the Olympic Club as if he were a mere automaton. With a shrug
of his big shoulder the Turk sent Mlohling at least ten feet, and with a series
of holds new to local wrestlern. which are termed "bear" and "jail" holds,
he made Lh< German look like a "sellir.g-plater."
The Turkish athlete is a giant In klzc, being six feet In height and weighing
225 pounds. His strength is enormous and his skill is proportionate. He came
to America for glory and shekels and is earning both. He has a large capital
•nd 15 ready to back himself for 11000 a Fide to meet any wrestler who may
l>e match«>d against him. In. addition to his \-ictory over the "Terrible Turk"
A<Jaii announcfF that he defeated Panali. z. giart of the Sultan's house guards.
vfcose back he broke in * public encounter, and Aner Mulcasouf, a famous
Armenian strong nan and wrestler.
Cut His Throat With a Razor.
Joseph Cantrowlth, an elderly man,
made an attempt last night to. end his
life by cutting his throat with a razor at
his residence, 403 Leavenworth street. The
ambulance was summoned and the man
was hurried to the City Receiving Hospi
tal, where his wound was dressed. Can
trowlth has been afflicted with' asthma for
a long time, and has often threatened to
commit suicide. His recovery Is doubtful.
"SULTAN'S LION" A
WRESTLING WONDER
LONE BURGLAR
BATTLES WITH
Ml AND WIFE
Unusual and Daring Courage
Is Displayed by Mrs. Wil
liam Katz.
Secured a Knife for Her Husband,
but He Is Injured With the
Weapon During the
»
Unusual — in fact daring — courage on the
part of Mrs. William Katz doubtless
saved her husband from very serious If
not fatal injury in a battle with a burglar
early yesterday morning in their home,
16118 Suttcr street. Notwithstanding the
courage of Mrs. Katz, her husband was
painfully cut In the palm of the right
hand and on the wrist before the battle
was over.
The battle with the burglar was not
only dramatic but thrillingly so. Mr. and
Mrs. Katz arrived from Sacramento re
cently. A few days ago they engaged the
Sutter-street Hat and Friday afternoon it
was ready for ocdupancy. That night for
the iirst time Mr. and Mrs. Katz remained
in the house; Yesterday morning about 5
o'clock Mr. Katz was awakened by a
strange noise. Looking up, he saw a
shadow moving about the room, and In
stinctively thought of burglars. He leaped
out of bed and in an Instant was rolling
over the floor in desperate battle with the
burglar. Mrs. Katz was awakened by the
racket and without hesitation she ran to
the kitchen and procured a butcher-knife.
Hurrying back, she called to her husband,
and In the dim light located him and
handed him »he weapon.
The burglar closed In again and al
though Katz tried to stab him. the thief
was too expert In self-defense. Finally
the knife was wrenched from Katz's
hand and with a few quick lunges the bur
glar cut several gashes in his opponent's
hands and then fled.
Although bleeding profusely. Katz made
an investigation of the premises and
found that the burglar had entered his
dwelling through the back door. Much
valuable plate, jewelry and bric-a-brac
was found in the back yard, where it had
been carried by the thief. Katz bound his
wounds, carried his property back into the
house and with his wife went In search of
•i physician. After the Injuries were
dressed Katz reported the case to the
police, who are now working on the same.
Last night Mrs. Katz decided that she
would not Htay in the house, and husband
and wife remained with friends over
night.
' Katz can give but a poor description of
his assailant, and notwithstanding his
wife's courage and coolness it. was too
dark for her to gather an idea of his
appearance. This being the fact. It Is
not probable that he will be captured. -
WILL NOT ATTEND
THE ROAD'S OPENING
STRANGE DEATH
OF F. W. KRELING
Body of an Old Man Found Off
Berkeley Identified as That of
San Francisco Pioneer.
Money and Jewelry in His Possession When
He Left Home a Week Ago Missing.
Murder* Is Suspected.
«?=^ RESIDENT E. P. RIPLEY of the '
__/) Sana Fe system, who is now in j
the city with a party of high oiH
dais of th« road, is one of the ;
birgest railroad men in the country. His j
railroad career dates back to l*-f>9. when j
he became a r'.erk in the Boston office i
of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company. I
Ho. b^-came New England agent of the ¦
company three years later, holding the !
position until 1575. when he was promoted I
tr» general Eastern agent. Eight years!
Utter be was appointed traffic manager i
of the Chicago. Burlington and Quincy •
Railroad, and after serving in that ca- j
pacity for two years was made general
manager of the same road. The Chicago.
Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad recog
nized his ability m 1*!» by making him
third vice president of their system, and
there he remained for five years. He was
elected president of the Sa"nta Fe system
in ISM. Mr. Ripley makes his home in
Riverside. IIL
There is no special significance in the
visit of President Ripley to San Fran
cisco at the present time. He has been
in California for several weeks, taking
a rest and at the same time keeping an
eye on the construction of the road. He
Fays that there will be no ceremonies at
tending the opening of the road and that
he do*s not expect to be here when the
road Is opened for business.
SECOND ATTACK MADE
ON CIVIL SERVICE
Copyist Farrell Applies for a writ
! Through Which New Points
Will Be Raised.
Another was instituted yesterday
for the purpose of determining the right
of the Civil Service Commission to sum
marily orfler the dismissal of regularly
appointed copyis;s in the offices of the Re
corder and County Clerk that their places
may be occupied by successful civil ser
vice candidates. In the suit filed yester
day J. W. Farrell appears as petitioner
for a writ of mandate to compel Recorder
Godchaux to sign his demand on th«"
treasury f^r J3 12 for w>rk done as a copy
ist on April 2 and 3. Godchaux was noti
ti«*d prior to April 1 that the commission
*£< ready to fill the vacancies in his of
fice. Grd<*r-aux - R answer will raise the
necessary i?rue<? and a decision on the
points will f<\4low. A temporary writ of
mandate was issued by Judge Bahrs,
which Is returnable before Judge Cook
on April 13 at 10 a. m.
> m
Trained Animal Show
trained animal exhibition, which opens at
Central Park Saturday afternoon, April
14. To all lovers of domesticated dumb
brutes this announcement is especially
welcome, as Professor Gentry Is known to
be the leading expositor of the higher
development of the domesticated animals
of every country.
This now famous show is pronounced by
the prc?s to be the most perfectly
equippped and elaborately dressed outfit
jn the road, while the performance of
ihese little dumb actors is so out of the
>rdinary In its finish and new creations
as to be almost startling. This class of
entertainment has been the fad in the
East for some time past and is rapidly be
coming as popular here, and deservedly
fo. as It furnishes a healthful class of di
version.
Will Reopen Glen Park.
A new management will handle Glen
Park for- the coming season. The C. F.
Kapp Company has leased the popular
picnic and outing resort from Baldwin &
Howell and has in hand many additions
and innovations for the grounds. The the
ater will be made much more prominent
than heretofore, the zoo will have some
material annexations and the resort will
be generally improved. Many fraternal
organizations and societies are applying
for dates to rent the park for picnics and
the management feels assured of a busy
BRYAN PAUSES TO
GREET THE BRAVES
In His Flight From the Sound to the
Fresno Plains He Salutes the Iro
quois, but Declines to Speak of
Dewey or Miles.
W. J. BRYAN BEING RECEIVED BY THE IROQUOIS.
WILLIAM J. BRYAN spent half an
hour in San Francisco yesterday.
The Democratic campaigner stop
¦ ped while en route on his South
ern California tour to receive greetings
from the Iroquois Club at the Palace Ho
tel and to shake hands with some of the
Democratic leaders in these parts.
Mr. Bryan explained that his itinerary
was to Include only such places as he had
been unable to visit during his trip of
last fall. Therefore this city was omitted
so far as anything more than an informal
welcome was concerned.
He eschewed discussion of personal poll
tics, declining forcefully to express any
opinion of the candidacy for the Presi
dency of himself. Admiral Dewey, General
Miles or any one else.
Bryan arrived at 7:30 o'clock yesterday
morning on the Portland express, being
met at Sixteenth street. Oakland, by Na
tional Democratic Committeeman J. J.
Dwyer, Registrar Thomas J. Walsh, Jo
seph Leggett and James H. Barry. At
Oakland pier Seth Mann, chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee;
Jasper McDonald, chairman of the Demo
cratic County Central Committee: James
G. Magulre, Sidney Van Wyck. W. H. Al
ford, A. B. Bennison of Oakland and oth
ers joined the party. Mr. Bryan was es
corted from Sacramento by a committee
of Democrats from Fresno, his first stop
ping place after leaving here. Among
them were Mark R. Plaisted, E. C. Wil
liams, chairman of the Democratic Coun
ty Committee; ex-Supervisor Butler and
Deputy District Attorney Church.
During the trip across the bay Mr.
Bryan was in the hands of the Inter
viewers. Voluble enough on topics of im
personal relation to current political af
fairs, the Democratic orator had but one
reply to queries upon the various, candi
date's. , iVJi^-r^;
"What have you to say about Admiral
Dewey' a candidacy?" Mr. Bryan was
a '"Not a word." was the sentient reply.
"And General Miles'?*"
"The same answer.
¦ "And your own candidacy? ',*"¦»
"I decline to discuss that subject or any
other bearing upon personal relations to
the coming campaign." •
"Will you make an official announce
ment now concerning your candidacy?"
"No- I am willing to talk about the
issues of the year from the present out
look, but nothing further. The three im
portant ones are the money question, em
bracing both .the standard and paper
money; the trusts, and the question of im
perialism, embracing the size of our mlli
tarv establishment. .
"Men differ concerning the relative Im
portance of these questions. I will not
discuss that aspect. The Republican
party is wrong on all of them.
"The money question I" always import
ant and will continue to be until It is set-
tied In the Interests of the people and not
fc-r the money-changers. The new cur
rency bill is simply a step toward a gold
standard. It doe* not destroy the legal
tender qualities of the silver dollar be
cause the Republican party Is afraid at
this time to expose Its -whole plan. The
bill Intends to make gold. the. only stand
ard and to make bank notes the only
paper money. The currency measure or
financial bill means a perpetual and an
increasing public debt. You cannot have
an Increasing currency on the basis of
that bill without increasing the- debt.
Debt increases in a ratio as to circula
tion.
"In' order to have a basis upon which
bonds may issue financiers are In favor
of the, bill.
"Congress has done nothing toward-pro
tection of the people against trusts, and I
do not believe the Republican Congress
will make any serious attempt in that di
rection." ;.-..-;
"But bills have been Introduced to reg
ulate trusts?" some one queried.
"Admitted," replied Mr. Bryan; "but
the Introduction of a bill doesn't carry
passage with it.
"Congress has done two things this ses
sion that are wrong. I refer to the Porto
Rico tariff laws. If you want to know
what the Filipinos will get. 7000 miles
away, look at what those West India
men are getting now from Republican
rule. I say the constitution should follow
the flag. It does not follow the flag in
Porto Rico.
"I believe the Filipinos should be given
their independence, under the same sort
of an American protectorate as is exerted
by the United States over South American
States. That sort of protection from out
side interference is consistent with Amer
ican ideals of government.
"Let us stand on American principles of
government and not upon European ideas
of imperialistic domain: The theory of
the Monroe doctrine is that the United
States is the dominant political power in
this hemisphere and will permit no Euro
pean nation to extend its influence over
other States here. It might be consid
ered somewhat inconsistent if we attempt
to govern other hemispheres.
"Porto Rico affairs are sufficient evi
dence of the attitude of the Republican
party to indicate what we may expect by
a continuance of its power. There is no
constitutional proposition to be found
which justifies the fixing of a tariff on the
products of that island. It does not mat
ter whether it be a cent or a dollar.
"People In the West are awakening.
There is a great Interest in these ques
tions. During my northern trip I spoke
twice, afternoon and evening, in Seattle.
Tacoma.and Spokane, to immense audi
ences, and I am informed that the com
mittee's estimate of the attendance at
Portland was 10.000."
There was a manifest lack. of enthusi
asm over . Bryan's appearance in the
crowded berry boats. One feeble cry of a
cheer dwindled away into the morning
mists. At the ferry depot Mr. Bryan was
hurried into a carriage and driven rapidly
to the Palace Hotel, where several hun-
dred Iroquois braves, marshaled by Max
Popper, had assembled. Mayor Phelan
and James H. Budd. on the reception
committee, were absent.
When Bryan alighted from the carriage
the small crowd in the court of the Palace
cheered once, but not lustily. The orator
was hustled in haste to the maple room,
where Jeremiah F. Sullivan. Max Popper,
Judge Lawlor, Charles Edelman. ex-Post
master Bryan and others Joined the origi
nal escorting committee in bringing for
ward the faithful for presentation to tha
chief. Presently the audience grew in
number to one hundr*>d and fifty and
shouts came. "Speech." "Speech." The
colonel, yielding to the clamor of hiscoun
trymen. addressed the audience briefly.
He said:
"I have only thre*» minutes' time to talk.
I am glad to be here. I was here last
year and I always come to San Francisco
whenever I can. The more I see of the
city the better I like it. The fight in
which we are engaged is not for this
year's campaign, but for many years. The
Republican party is forcing measures — it
Is putting the dollar above the man. Yon
who live on the Pacific Coast ran begin ti»
understand what imperialism means. Yon
have seen what was done in Porto Rico
and you may imagine what the party will
do in the Philippines, srven thousand
miles distant. .The Democrats will go into
this campaign with an extension of th«
old platform. The Republicans are wrons
on every leading proposition. They have
been looking at the shell of the egg with
out noting the change of Its contents."
As aoon as thecolonel finished his speech
the committee took him away to catch
the southbound train. The crowd cheered
as the orator vanished from view.
Bryan at Fresno
FRESNO, April 7.— William Jennings
Bryan arrived In Fresno on the 3:20 train
this evening. A great throng was at the
station to see him and he was given a
hearty reception. He made his way with
difficulty to an open hack waiting to carry
him to the hotel. He was Joined by Judge
Tinnin. R. B. Graham. W. H. Alford of
San Francisco and Charles D. Lane of San
Francisco.
The Democratic leader arose In his car
riage several time*, bowing acknowledg
ment to the cheering multitude.
Filkins* band preceded the hack. Upon
arriving at the hotel there was another
jam. A few minutes lat^r Mr. Bryan was
taken for an hour's drive Into the coun
try.
At 8 o'clock to-nlpht Mr. Bryan ad
dressed a larre audience in the Rartor:
Opera-house, devoting most of his atten
tion to trusts, imperialism and the money
question. He referred to the California
Raisin Growers' Association." saying h«
was informed that it was not a trust, but
he declared that as a general proposition
he did not approve of such monopolies. H>>
delivered a second speech in Armory Hall.
He left on the midnight train for Los An
geles. .
mischief and ordered to appear for sen
tence to-morrow morning.
Supreme Court Goes South.
The Justices of the Supreme Court de
parted last evening for Lot? Angeles, where
they will hold court for the next ten days,
or two weeks. _ '
An up-to-date hotel. The Bradbury. E\ery
thlng first class. 1604 California St.. cor. Polk. •
Not Running a "Dive."
Mention having been made In the Issue
of" The Call of yesterday that the "dive"
run by -Kapp. & Street was one of the
worst in this city an evident injustice,
was done John Street, who. it now trans
nires has not been a member of the firm
for four years. > His name still graces the
signs of the place, much to his chagrin.
The following -communication sets forth
his plaint: •
City Editor Call: In your issue of the 6th was
an article with reference to' "dives."/ in which
the firm of Kapp & Street Is mentioned as con
ducting one of the worst dives of this city. I
have not been connected ' with that firm for
four yeara and up to the time I severed my
connection with it. it was a high-class saloon
with no "side" Issues. Please place me r!?ht
In this affair. This is purely a matter of jus
tice. - the merit o? which you will appreciate.
Respectfully, JOHN STREET.
, 1133 Market street.
May Day Outing.
California Parlor No. : 1 of the Native
Sons of the Golden West has arranged for
an outing at El Campo on the Ist of May—
Dewey Day. This is the .first outing ever
given by * this parlor and a good pro
gramme ,' of games has been . arranged.
There- will 'be 'game and gate prizes.
James P. Dockery. Eugene Gauthler,- Ben
Darts, JWMD. Shea and J. J. ¦ Jamison
compose the picnic committee.
THREATENED TO
KILL HIM IF HE
MADE AN OUTCRY
Unusually Daring Robbery
in Schwartz's Saloon at
North Beach.
One of the boldest robberies reported to
the police for some time was committed
shortly after noon yesterday In Henry
Schwartz's saloon at Chestnut and Pow
ell streets. Three men, who are unknown
to the police;, entered the saloon and called
for the drinks. After being served one of
them struck the bartender, knocking him
out.,. His companions immediately drew
their revolvers and, after covering the
bartender, who was In a seemingly .help
less condition, went behind the bar and
took the contents of the cash register,
amounting to about $3. Immediately after
taking the money the desperate trio left
the place and made good. their escape.
The bartender who was attacked by the
robbers is named Peter Muck. After recov
ering consciousness he 'rushed to the en
trance 'of the saloon and blew a police
whistle. Several officers responded and
after learning of the robbery they mads
a search for the culprits, but without pet
ting a trace of them. It is presumed they
boarded a passlns street car and mads
their escape.
When the men entered .the saloon they
sat at a table and ordered the drinks.
There were several people In the saloon at
the time and after they left one of the
rohbers approached the bar and called for
a glass or beer. While the bartender was
In the act of drawing it he struck him In
the face, the force of the blow almost
rendering him unconscious. As he fell
prostrate to the floor two of the robbers
covered him with pistols after threatening
to blow his head off if he mado an out'
cry.
Muck describes the men as being of me
dium height and fairly well dressed. The
man who assaulted him. he say*, was
stoutly built and wore a light mustacn**.
He ts satisfied thct: he will be able to
Identify them in case they are arrested.
Immediately after the robbery was re
ported to Captain Bohen he detailed De
tectives Ryan and O'Dea. the clever
sleuths of the Southern station, to arrest
the trio. After hearing the story of the
bartender they became convinced that
the robbers are the same men who are
responsible for several hold-ups commit
ted during the past week. Captain Bo
hen Is satisfied that the men are adepts at
the business and he is doing everything
in his power to land them behind prison,
bars.
•?¦ The Easter number of "Tha +
Call appears on Easter Sun- "*"
day, April 15, and will sur-
-+- pass anything of the kind ever +
"*¦ published on the coast. +
Pages 23 to 32
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
Pages 23 to 32
E. P. RIPLEY, THE SUCCESSFUL RAILROAD PRE C IDENT.
HALI ADALI, WHO DEFEATED THE 'TERRIBLE TURK' IN A BOUT.
P Elsewhere in our columns is noted the
riming of Gentry's world's greatestSUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DH. and MltS. A. W. THAVEnSE. Donohoe
building. 11T0 Market St.. cor. Taylor, rooms
2*-2S, with the electric needle without pain or
t>car. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
The srrcatpst ekin food and tls?ue builder
BRAKMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkle* by rr.ak:ne the tk!n firm.
It render* the ek!n colt,
eraooth. cl*ar, white and' -ww».
youthful.* It Is a liquid, j jsa£?%\y"V
A r.y rrnim cf the con-J 1 \
Bißtenry of butter will ] atSj^W^^ft
•tlmulate the crowth of I J&MBSW&VjKJ!
r.Hir on the face. Krah- VfgSr-& f £gtf?i'
man Toilet Cream is %&£S "~f ±fWI
sruaj-antr-^d not to do -co. H&sL "iUKSSt^
Pr'.ce Co<^. Tlrahman Tooth s *^V^i*i**>
Powder; price £oc. : ,-^'<T*y2;'' >:''r-W: ''r-W
All rirugjrif=t* and at '&*fe.'£t&*'&/Z*
effice of A. W. TIiAV- r mSfmtßrVt. I
ERSE, 11. X>.
Renewal of Certificates.
The Board of Examiners held a special
meeting yesterday morning and decided to
recommend to the Coard of Education the
following renewals of grammar grade cer
tificates: Miss N. Sullivan, Miss X. A.
Morse, Miss E. J. Barber, Miss E. F.
Harvey and Mrs. M. E. Steele. Renewal
of special certificate In French, high
school grade, Miss B. E. Levith. High
school certificates: D. G. Maclean, Peter
T. RUey. Life diplomas, grammar grade:
Miss M. A. Robinson, Miss C. E. Beck-
£ Do not miss The Call's
+ Easter number— out April 15. +
+ In addition to interesting and
timely articles appropriate for
+ the joyous closing of the I/ent- +
+ en season, there will be some -f
full-page halftone productions
+ of specially chosen subjects by +
+ leading artists of America. +
+ You will want these for deco-
+ rative posters. .*.
+ ' . .4-
Easter Stationery.
The latest In fashionable correspondence
paper, "Hawaiian Blue" has Just been
received by Cooper & Co.. the art station
ers, on Market street. It is a beautiful
tint, the shade of the island skies, and for
Easter Is an appropriate creation. •
mnMMi^-iwi^»^rf» l^aMTf^ry l ifiMriirMß»ii l ßa^
\§Jr T&SDEMXBI >2x
! orv e/%ch shoe, ;
I Jdy The New
; /jimlmi Advanced
IX^a^^W Ccmmoa sens?, '
sc - esce anJ
iZfS^tti A graceful shoe :
that makes a:
|g>g||i graceful gait.
¦ js3*SP* 35 styles, widths j
I *M«=i| AAA to EEE,
fliPS^ Aml m " lnj t
j : >^a men are wear-
W|y|||f Ing the eitreme j
wlplp^ mannish shape <
of Sorosis shoes.
Allat $Q Rfl Per
Cdj Price, O<JU Pair.
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
ISOTHIRDSTKEET fi
SECOND SHOE STORE BELOW MARKET, tl
. SAN FKA.NCISCU. fl
FREE BOOKLET Or SPRTXO STTLE3 If
FOR THE ASKINO. tl
Mr. and Mrs. Gehring were tha recipients
of many beautiful presents. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. C. Gehring.
Mr. and Mrs. Casey, Mr. and Mrs. Price,
Mr. and Mrs. Fragers, Mr. and Mrs.
Wood, Mrs. W. Corbin, Mrs. Qulnn, Mr.
Plath. Mrs. Beach. Mrs. Bailey. C.; Mllru
lich. Miss B. Wood. Miss Jessie Wood, J.
Goodfrlend. Miss S. Dlssmeyer, Miss Stella
Quinn, F. Gehring, Miss M. Gehring,
Wayne Corbin, Miss Anna Burt. Miss Ma
bel Gehring and Miss Irene Gehring.'
Last Sunday night a number of the
friends of Mrs. 8. Brooks, who are mem
bers of Loreley Circle, German Compan
ions of the Forest of America, of which
she Is a most energetio and highly es
teemed member, and others who are not
of that organization, met in the residence
of Mrs. William Kolkmann at 516 Elxhth
avenue, Richmond district, to give Mrs.
Brooks a surprise party. She had been
notified that she was wanted as god
mother at a christening, and In accord
ance with a German custom she brought
out a pair of tiny shoes for the infant,
to discover that it was the first of April
and there was no baby to christen, but
that her friends had taken that method to
enable them to show their appreciation
and love of her, both as a friend and as a
fraternal companion. There was a great
deal of merry-making and dancing, and
during the evening there was served a
collation. To while away the time be
tween dances, Miss Bessie Borren. Mrs.
F. Goodman and Miss Qoldie Zucker sang
ballads and plantation melodies, while
Miss Mary Loryea. Miss Goldle Zucker,
Miss Sarah Lubosch and Miss Belle Kor
per did a cakewalk in first-class style.
Those who enjoyed the festivities of the
evening were Mrs. 8. Brooks, Mrs. F.
Goodman, Mrs. Antoinette Graff, Mrs. M.
Henka, Mrs. W. Kolkmann. Mrs. E. Lib
bey, Mrs. C. Munck. Mrs. M. Pape. Mrs.
A. Pope, Mrs. Helena Worms. Misa Bes
sie Borren. Miss T. Goodchaux, Miss R.
Hyman, Miss E. Hyman. Miss Belle Kor
per, Miss Sarah Lubosch, Miss Mary
Loryea, Miss J. Llbbey. Miss Edna Lib
bey, Miss Margaret Pape, Miss Goldle
Zucker and Messrs. Alexander Cohn,
George Davis, G. Francenso. Theodore
Hellman, L. Harris, William Kolkmann,
Frank Koerner, G. Koerner, Bert Kohn,
Arthur Kidd. Frederick Laben. M. Moore,
C. Munck. J. Perlclus, Daniel Slchel, W.
Sacken and J. Worms.
A genuine birthday surprise party was
given recently to George Bross by hi 3
wife at their residence, 929 Taylor avenue,
Alameda.
The parlors and dining-room were beau
tifully decorated, and the guests were
entertained by songs by Mrs. George
Bross, Instrumental selections by Mrs.
J. H. Cattran and Miss Llllle Brandt.
After supper Miss M. M. Thomas took a
flashlight picture of the merry group, and
dancing was resumed. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Cattran. Mrs.
J. S. Walker, Miss E. Suter, Miss M. Su
ter, Miss M. M. Thomas and Miss May
Thomas of San Francisco; Miss C. Gardi
ner of ißleton; Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Sper
man. Mr. and Mrs. William A. McCaw.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Smith, Mr. and Mrs.
William Hart, Mr. and Mrs. H. K. James,
Mrs. L. C. Dean. Mr. and Mrs. George
Bross and Baby Willard Bross. Miss Jen
nie Sherman. Mr. Priest, Miss Lillie
Brandt, George Dean and T. Sherman.
The Misses Madge and Sadie Reidy en
tertained twelve of their young friends on
Friday evening, March 30. at the home of
their sister. Mrs. T. J. Reldy. on Hayes
street. The evening was pleasantly spent
In games and dancing. At midnight an
elaborate supper was served. The guests
were: Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Reidy. Mr. N.
Conway, Miss Madge Reidy, Mr. J. F.
Quirne. Miss Sadie Reidy, Mr. C. F. Mc-
Carthy. Miss Ethel Silberstein, Mr. M.
Reldy and Miss Mac Ganey.
Club Parties.
The members of the California State
Floral Society were the guests of Mrs.
Emma Schafter Howard of Oakland on
the occasion of their first outing of the
season. About two hours were spent ram
bling over the beautiful grounds and ad
miring the artistic treasures in the house.
A drive around Lake Merrltt after lunch
eon was not the least of the enjoyable
features of the day provided so gracious
ly by the hostess.
A novel and enjoyable tissue paper mask
social was given by the Anemone Social
Club at the home of A. Johnson Satur
day March 31. At midnight masks were
removed and an elaborate repast was
served. Miss F. Burger and G. Johnson
were awarded first prizes for best cos
tumes. The maskerß present were: Miss
F Burger, butterfly; Miss A. Beauford,
rosegirl; Miss F. Beauford, Japanese rose;
Miss J. Greeninger, violet girl; Miss F.
Greeninger, Japanese Mikado; Miss A.
Paulson.. court lady; Mls3 -M. Paulson,
Honolulu belle; R. C. Greeninger, Baby
Ruth; A. Johnson, Irish farmer; G. John
son, cakewalker; B. Martin, English dra
goon; J. H. Paulson, Filipino; F. Simpson,
Joseph; J. Stellman, monk.
A successful surprise party was given to
Frank Hayes by the Castro Heights Club
on Monday evening last. Among those
S resent were: Miss Josephine Jones, Miss
label Ordway. Miss. Vera Allen, Miss An
nie Burnes Miss Marion Burnes, Miss
Ethel Tabr'et, Miss Nellie Tabrett. Miss
Adelaide Dearin, Miss Annie Cawpers
wate. Miss Rena Murray. Miss Ella Mar
tin Miss Lulu Snltzler, Miss Mamie Luns
ford. Miss Florence Chase. Miss Camllle
d'Arville Miss Ida Leary. Miss Celia Mor
ris Miss Georgia McCollgan, Miss Susie
Parrish. Mr. and Mrs. Hayes; Messrs.
Frank Hayes. Dr. \V T alter Chase, Locke
McKinne. B. Conway. Jack Burness,
Ernest Topp, Bridzinili Halnque. C. Mc-
Carthy, Professor William G. Leary. Tom
Kehoe, Harry Dearin. Charles Lorigan.
Tom Yates. John Morris, Joseph Mulvihlll,
George Fields, J. Jules, W. M. Lunsford,
W. Sneed. ,_ '„;
A matinee party given by the Fleur-de-
Lls Club at the Alcazar Saturday, March
31, was enjoyed by Mrs. Hansen. Miss E.
Andres Miss S. Joost. Miss I. Boger, Miss
C. Ehrenphort, Miss H. Dunker and MI-js
E*. yon Ahnden. ; - > '
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Dave Wasserman of Sac
ramento are vlsltlnc Mr. and Mrs. Slg
Kaufmann of 3019 Sacramento street.
Mrs. Percy W. Lewis and son of Port
land, Or., are visiting Mrs. Lewis* par
ents at 213 Flllmjbre street.
MIS 3 Rosa Guggenheimer has returned
from the south, fvhere she spent the win
ter. She will be pleased' to see her
friends the second and third Thursdays
in April.
Mrs. Jacob Rothschild and her daugh
ter, Mrs. S. Rosenblatt of Chicago, are
visiting the former's sister, Mrs. J. Block,
at 1279 Eddy street.
After spending a year at the Hotel Sa
voy, Mrs. Samuel Blair, Miss Jennie Blair
and William S. Blair will again occupy
After spending a year at the Hotel Sa
voy, Mrs. Samuel Blair, Miss Jennie Blair
and William S. Blair will again occupy
their residence on the corner of Van Ness
avenue and Bush street. Mrs. Blair and
Miss Blair will be at home on Thursdays.
Mr. and Mrs. H. L, Jacobson will re
ceive this afternoon between 2 and 6
o'clock at 721 Castro Btreet.
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Reed and Miss
Trill assist at th« various tables: Miss
Bertha Smith. Miss Bernice Drown. Miss
Cole. Miss Margaret Cole. Miss Florence
Stone, Miss Therese Morgan, Misses Field,
Miss Florence Davis, Miss Simpson and
Miss Helen Glbbs. '
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur J. Brander grave a
dinner in honor of Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de
Young on Tuesday evening in their apart-,
ment at the California Hotel. Those at
the table were Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Bran
der. Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young, Mrs.
Sands W. Forman. Miss Minnie Hennessy.;
Count Vladimir Artsimovich. Frederick A.
Greenwood and Maxwell McNutt.
Mr. and Mrs. Mountford "Wns'on recently
entertained at dinner at their home on
Pine street Mr. and Mrs. Horace. Blanch
ard Chase, Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Hooker,
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick S. Moody,^Mr.
and Mrs. A. H. Small. Mr. and Mrs. Rus
sell J. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Robert J.
Woods. Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett. Miss
Minnie B. Houghton, Francis Carolan,.R.
G. Hooker and Lansing Mizner.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker recently
gave a theater party In honor of Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Xlunn of New York. After
attending the performance at the Colum
bia Theater a supper was enjoyed at the
Palace Hotel. The others present were
Miss Florence E. Ives, Miss Marie \ oor
hies. Percy King and William McLaine. •
Mr and Mrs. Robert Oxnard recently
entertained at dinner at their home Mr.
and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Dr. and
Mrs. James W. Keeney. Mr. and Mrs. J.
R. K. Nuttall. Mr. and Mrs. John D.
Spreckels. Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Whitney,
2urs. Jessie Bowie-Detrick and Allen St,
John Bowie. ' :,
Miss Cora Smedberg gave a tea recently
in honor of Miss Annie Wheeler, daughter
of General Joseph Wheeler.
Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall gave a card party
at her home. IS 19 Jackson street,- on Fri
day afternoon. April 6. • *'
Mr and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson will
leave, for the East and Europe during the
latter part of the present month.
Mr. and Mrs. William G. Irwin went
East last They will gall for
Paris In the second week in Mar. ,
Mr and Mrs: Charles A. Baldwin left for
the East on Friday, March 30. After
spending a few weeks at Newport they
will go to Europe, intending to be away
seme four months.
Mrs. Morgan G. Bulkeley Is visiting her
parents. General and Mrs. John F. Hough
ton, at their home on Franklin street.
Francis <Jarolan left for the East on
Friday, March 30. He will Join Mrs. Carp
lan and his sister, Miss Emily Carolan, in
New York, and they will soon go to Eu
rope.
Frederick A. Greenwood has moved over
to his cottage in J3elvedere«for the sum-
Mrs. Emma L. Hunt and Miss Hunt are
staying at the Palace Hotel until April 15.
when they start for Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Hamilton and
Miss Edna Hamilton sailed on the Hong
kong Maru for Japan on Saturday, March
31. They expect to be gone three months.
William F. Aldrich will sail on April 16
for Hongkong, where he has been appoint
ed Vice Deputy Consul General to aid his
brother-in-law. Consul General Rounse
velle Wlldman.
Miss Mamie Kohl, who has been spend
ing the past winter In the East. Is expect
ed home shortly.
Mi=s Mary Kip, who accompaned her
sister. Mrs. Guy L. Edie. to Manila six
months ago, returned on Wednesday, and
is with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Ingraham Kip. at the Hotel Rich
elieu.
Mrs. Charles S. Dickman returned on
Wednesday from New York. Mr. Dick
man sailed on Saturday, March 17, for
Southampton on the American line steam
ship New York.
Dr. Louis C. Deane returned on Wednes
day from his visit to the East.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young left yes
terday for New York, and will soon 6all
for Europe.
They're Engaged
The wedding of Miss Hettie Marks and
Bernard Goldberg will take place at the
home of the bride In Orovllle on Sunday, ,
April 8.
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice "Willard announce
the engagement of their niece. Miss
Blanche Brown, to Marcus Levy. At
home Sunday. April 8. and Thursday,
April 12. . „ , -
Mr. and Mrs. I. Seller cf St. Louis, Mo.,
formerly residents of San Francisco, an
nounce the engagement of their daughter
Carrie.to Mose Conn of Stockton, Cal.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Dora H. Brown, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
N. Brown, and Aaron S. Levin. A recep
tion will be held Sunday, April 15. from 2
to 5 o'clock, at 2606 California street.
:
i
Home Gatherings
(
A very pleasant surprise party was ten
dered to Miss Veronica Kavanagh on the
occasion of her twelfth birthday by her
numerous friends "and companions, at the
residence of her parents. 7 Beaver street,
on Saturday evening, March 31. The com
mittee having the affair In charge was
composed of Helena Attridge, Edna Woll
weber and Nellie Dean, and to their earn
est and clever management is due the
credit for the splendid success attained.
Many costly and appropriate presents tes
tified to the esteem in which Miss Kava
nagh is regarded. Tha evening was pass
ed in the rendition of a carefully prepared
and thoroughly enjoyable programme, af
ter which supper was served. Among
those present were: Miss Veronica Kava
nagh. the Misses Helena Attridge. Edna
Wollweber. Nellie Dean. May Heming.
Jennie Igo. Alice Hornlein, Hazel Parrel 1.
Minnie Dean. Grace Wollweber. Ada
Dean. Madeline Foster, Dora Hoffman,
, Gretchen Zimmer. Nora Kuddie. Zita
I Kavanagh. Frankle and Rosie Markley,
Marie Autzen, the Messrs. Willie Geary,
Arthur Attridge. Joe Sieberlich. Frank
Hawley, Edgar Leeman. Bertram! At
tridge, Charles Dlbert, Philip Parrell,
George Wollweber, Willie Hornlein. Ed
ward Shannon. Joseph Donovan. Edward
Hannigan and John Kavanagh Jr., Mr.
and Mrs. James Igo, Mr. and Mrs. C. V.
Kavanagh, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Kavanagh,
' Mrs. Caseman, Mrs. Nellie Neal, Mr. and
Mrs. Markley, Professor T. W. Bree and
his class, Charles Donovan, Will Harper
and the Misses Hazel Newman, Carrie
Hansen. Florence Attridge, Francis
Burns. Nera Hindle, Tessie Irvine, Helen
Irvine and Mrs. Hannigan.
On Thursday evening last a delightful
little dance was given by the Stanford
studio at 731 Market street. The dancing
was Interspersed by songs and musical
selections Iby the Hawaiian orchestra,
which was in attendance. Several local
professional singers also-lent their talent
to the general good time. Among those
present were: Colonel H. S. Smith Col
onel Hodge. Charles Delaney, Mr. Hlnes.
Mr. Miller, John Howell, George Mc-
Gowan. Ed Goldstone. Fred Knurr, Alf
Urry C. Freed, AI Buchman, F. Holt, G.
Edward Luce. G. Newell Thomas. George
Wichman. Mrs. H. S. Smith, Mrs. Ricks,
Mrs. Julian Waller. Mrs. Ada Woodman,
Miss M. Costigan. Miss Maud Lindsay,
Mrs. George McGowan, Miss Ida Rob
erts, Miss Grace Dutton. Miss Lee, Vir
ginia B. Lee. Mrs. G. Gagus, Miss Mar-
Kucrite Spaulding, Miss Grace Hatch
Miss J. Adelaide Webster. Mies
Florence Hatch. Miss Maybelle Smith
I)r c F. Howe. Julian Brandon, C. M
Buck, A. Rice. Wallace B. Gallett, Ec
Swasey. Evan Brunner, Harry Jarman,
Wade Stone. Mr. Hansen, Mr. Spear, Mr
Krauch. Howard Pierce, J. Wichman.
Fred Doren, J. C. Thomas, Fred Healey
Dr Bradey. Dr. Chase, Mr. Brown, Dr
J• H. Seymour. Mrs. Herbert Faulkner,
Miss Ruby Jewell. J. Traynor. Dr. Steph
ens Harry Hammond. Isadore Berthelot
William Ellis. Thomas Hennessy. Easl
Kapulualii. John Craig. J. O'Brien, J. J
Roes. F. A. Hatch. A. Geantit. Dr. F. I
Knorp, Mrs. -C. F. Howe, Mrs. Juliar
Brandon, Miss Edith Simpson. Miss Mauc
Nelson. Mlsa A. White, Misa Shaw, Mrs
Haberland. Miss Haberland, Mrs. C. Me-
AulUf. Mrs. Kingsley. Mrs. Krauch, Mrs
Stappe, Mrs. P. Wichman, Miss Wichman
Miss Curry, Miss Alma Mitchell, Miss
Retta Brown, Mrs. Callie Brown, C. W
Davis. Dr. J. H. Kleiser, Mrs. John Baler
Mr. Seymour. Mrs. J. Traynor, Mr. Whit
terly. Mrs. Harry Hammond, Mrs. Anni«
Berthelot, William K. Kel. July Parker
Thomas Kiliwa. Carl Norton. Mrs. J
O'Brien. Mrs. J. J. Ross. Mrs. F. Hatch
Mrs. A. Geantit. Miss Girtie Mullen, Miss
Annie Grabs.
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Waller entertalnec
at dinner Friday evening in honor of th<
Hawaiian Glee Club at 2325 Leavenwortr
street. Those present were: W. S. Ellis
T. Hennessey. T. Kiliwa, W. Kal. J. Par
ker. D. Makuakane, E. Kapulualii, Mr
and Mrs. J. G. Paton. Mrs. T. Lucas, W.
J. Stone. Miss I. M. Roberts, C. b. Dela
ney, Captain H. K. Btruve, Mr. and Mrs
J. H. Costlgan. Miss Maymy Costigan, J
Rudolph. S. Newman, George Thomas.
On Thursday, evening. March 29, Mr. and
Mrs. C. Gehring celebrated • the twenty
fifth anniversary of their wedding af
their residence. 20 Sadowa street. The
evening was spent.with an entertainmeni
and eongrs until 11 o'clock, when the
guests partook of ft sumptuous repast
WbbHf Gall $1.00 BBrYeai
gK 1 From Gray to
*|3LS Original Color
i^Eiii^ In 4 Days
MRS. HARRISON'S
4 DAY HAIR RESTORER .
(A modern triumph in chemistry)
Not a dye but a natural restorer that in 4 days
will restore grey or faded hair to the natural color
of youth and preserve the color permantly.
Leave* the hair fine and glossy, clean and free
from stickiness and sediment. Easily applied
and positive in its action.
PRICE, si. 00 . Fos Sale by ail Oruccists
n«. NETTIE HARRISON, Dermatologist
40-43 6EAHY ST., San Francisco, Calif,
&p VERY LATEST
f£ %?TL Straight Front,
W7 *) Hand-Made
2 ( SAPPHIRE
ill CORSETS
(O^St $3.00 v $15,00
\^v^ ViA\ per pair -
r*9 Sh 10 Gearu St.,
// A iA COnKER KEARNT.
A^Y V ' CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
(\Z*2-' Ml J[ Royal Worcester Cor»
¦et-Flttlng Parlors.
Easter Week
Announcement
Handsome and Exclusive Novelties in
Suits, Jackets,
Silk Waists,
Large assortments of Flannel Waists and
Children's Suits. :
Ladies' Tailor: Suits made to order as they
should be made. *
Prices- Reasonable.
ARMAND CAILLEAU,
114-116 KEARNY STREET.
m . FOR $2.00.
Ji'fl All this week every customer
1 1! W *N receive a package of that fine
||i! EL PERFECTO ROUGE free.
J t% % Quintonica Hair Tonic 350 bottle.
iip^frl Foamo Shampoo 5c Package.
W^lwS H» ** a * r D ress * n S 25c only.
JZ3 Stockton Street. S. f.
Robert Burns waa a plowman of
Ayreshlre.
*soli.d 25> People.
CASH and CREDIT.
DO TOU NEED AST
FURNITURE, CARPETS, Etc.?
DO TOU WANT TO SAVE SOME
MONEY?
HOrSES COMPLETELY FURNISHED.
Free delivery any town within 100
miles.
— OPEN EVENINGS. —
BRILLIANTS',
333-340-342 POST ST.,
Between Powell and Stockton Streets
Nearly Five Hundred Japs Arrived.
Statistician Eccleston of the United
States Immigration Bureau at this port
reports arrivals during March as follows i
Total. 603 males and 87 females; Japanese,
471; English, 60; German. 20; Spaniah-
American, 22: returning to the United
States, 77. Money brought by the Immi
grants, $28,565. The occupations are farm
laborers. 394 (all Japanese); merchants. 24;
no occupations, 70; miners, 11; laborers,
12; sailors, 20; miscellaneous, SI; farmers.
16; clerks, 1L
Easter cards— Beautiful line of entirely-
new designs at Sanborn & Vails. •
with. High school grade. Miss Susan
Klngsbury.
Superintendent 'Webster announces that
the teachers' City and County Institute
will meet in this city on May 23. 24 and 23
at some hall to be selected later.
ACTOR-MANAGER BATES
WANTED BY THE POLICE
He Is Charged With Failure to Pro
vide for His Wife and T-wo
Children.
Frank Bates, actor-manager, is wanted
by the police on a charge of failure to
provide. The warrant was sworn out in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday by Police
man R. L. Ingham, who found Bates' wife
and her two children starving Friday
night and sent them to a public Instltu-
Bates la well known in the city as an
unsuccessful actor-manager. He has tak
en a number of companies out on the road
with disastrous results. Some years ago
he married a young woman who had a
small fortune, but it was soon swallowed
up in his bad ventures. Now she Is left
penniless with two children to support.
¦a ~s* p ha ir
®\?£/ ON THE
\ <#L- FACE
¥^L 5%% PERMANENTLY
v^x^ !*//__ REMOVEO.
B. B. B. ENGLISH CAROMEL
Sold Under a Guarantee to Rftnovs
Superfluous Hair end Also Prevent its
Growth.
San Francisco. Jan. 2, I*3o.
MADAME HTGEIA— Please accept my hearty
thanks for your letter of ?l£t. I am g-'.ad to
say I found the article I so much needed. I
had tried the electric needle at an Immense
coet but It waa of no practical value. The
B. B. li. Evjsl'.rh Caromel IS effectual. It Is
a little slow, but It Is sure. Again thanking
you, I am yours respectfully.
MRS. F. EUBLAN. 1J23 Folscra et.. S. F.
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD EHADICATOR
permanently removes blackheads and reduces
the 7>ores of the sk'.n.
ELITE SKIN FOOD— Touth and Beauty pre-
served by uslr.g this marvel of the age.
j£f^s the sklr. EiiKX'th, white and pllsble.
ELITE FACE POWDER- Th'.t powder is
chemically pare and 1* a prevention for super-
fluous hair.
Free examination cf the scalp.
ELITE HAIR GROOVER— Removes A .in drug.
stimulate* the »ca!p. produces a Quick growth
and tr.akes the hair soft and bright.
Scalp treatment. „ *
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
Heirfiresslng-. 25c: manicuring. iSc; shampoo-
ing. Xc; facial maseege and steaming.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the ocean beach, thence along to the Cliff
House, is approximately five and one-half
miles, and from the Ingleside along Dewey
boulevard to the Seventh avenue entrance
to the park approximately two and three
quarter miles. The distance from Sev
enth avenue through the park to the main
road, and along that, by the windings to
the cliff, is about three and three-quarter
miles. ...
ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS— Mrs. 8.,
Oakland, Cal. It Is the purpose of this de
partment to answer all questions that are
sent to it, except questions the answer to
which would lead to a religious contro
versy, problems, questions in arithmetic
and catch-questions. The answers are ob
tained as Boon as practicable after receipt
of letter of inquiry and turned In for pub
lication, and they are printed as space will
permit In the order in which they are
sent in. -. •::
HIGH TIDES— F. S. &G. H.. City. The
height of tides depends very much upon
local circumstances. In the midst of the
Pacific it is scarcely more than from two
to five feet. On the east coast of North
America, which is directly In the path of
the great Atlantic wave, the tide rises
on an average from nine to twelve feet.
In the bay of Fundy the tide, which at
the entrance is eighteen feet, rushes with
great fury into that long and narrow
channel to the height of sixty and even
seventy feet In the highest spring tide.
MINORS AND NATURALIZATION-
Subscriber, Mayfleld, Cal. Any alien un
der the age of 21 years who has resided
in the United States three years next pre
ceding his arriving at that age, and who
has continued to reside therein to the
time he may make application to be ad
mitted a citizen thereof, may, after he
arrives at the age of 21 years, and after
he has resided five years within the
United States, Including the three years
of his minority, be admitted a citizen:
but he must make a declaration on oath
and prove to the satisfaction of the court
that for two years next preceding it has
been his bona flde intention to become a
citizen. _^_
ef? LARGE number of announcements
I \ sre being made for Easter week
If \ and the indications are that the
** -few weeks between Easter and .the
fashionable time for departure for the
country will be crammed with splcncia
entertainments. o*,^»t-«
Mr. and Mrs. George Rodman Shreie
have issued invitations for the marriage
of th.sr elster. Miss Elizabeth Lawton
Shreve, to Robert Gay Hooker, at St.
Luke's Church at noon on Wednesday.
A Mre. Jessie Bowle-Detrick has issued in
vitations for a euchre party which e-.e
will give at her home on Jackson street,
on Monday eltemoon. April 16.
A sale cf home-made candy, cake ana
Easter esss will be held by the young !a
dtea of St. Luke's Church, in the Sunday
echool rooms of the church, on Saturday.
Asrll M Eafter *ye. trom 2 o clock till C.
The «£ie win *» m of ths c ? u /. ch
bu:?dir7 fund. The fo'.lowir.gyoungladles
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
ONE OF 1807— L. S. C City. A half
dollar of ISO 7 is not a premium coin.
HARLEM ROAD— W. J. W.. City. The
Harlem and Portchester Railroad Is one
of the leased lines of the New York, New
Haven and Hartford system.
LONDON NEWS— O. 8.. City. The Il
lustrated London News Is published at 193
Strand, London, W. C. A copy of the pa
per will ffive the subscription price.
CLAY PIGEONS— J. Q. V.. Holllster,
CaL" a "Blue Rock. or clay pigeons are pat
ented. For date of patent and patentee
write to- the patent office at Washington,
D. C.
FLAG' OF POLAND— S. O. Y. P., Ala
meda, Col. J The flag of Poland before . it
was Russianized was a white eagle on
scarlet banner, with crown over the bead
of the eagle. . .
TO MEXICAN PORTS— A. 8., Ban Jose,
Cal. For information desired about ves
sels to Mexican ports you should address
a letter of inquiry to C. D. Bunker & Co.
of this city.
GOVERNMENT LANDS— W., Ballnas,
Cal. For Information about Government
lands in Monterey address a letter of in
quiry to the United States Land Office at
Ban Francisco..
THE ANDREW HICKS— R. N., Colgate.
I. T.. The whaling bark Andrew Hicks
was off Honolulu on the 18th of last Feb
ruary. She will return to San Francisco
In November, probably. ¦ ¦~'<L
OLD GOLD— M. H., City. If you have
old gold Jewelry in excess of ten ounces
the United States Branch Mint will re
ceive the same and convert it into coin,
giving for it what it Is worth. .
MEXICO— V., Santa Barbara. Cal. For
possibilities for a young man to engage in
business in the City of Mexico, addreßS a
letter of Inquiry to Andrew D. Barlow,
United States Consul General in that city.
THE MINING LAW— A. S., Coleridge,
Cal. There has not been any decision af
fecting the repeal of the State mining law
by the Legislature in 1899. It is claimed
that by reason of some informality in the
repealing act the law is still in force.
COLVILLE INDIAN. RESERVATION—
C. S., Jamestown, Cal. The Colville .In
dian reservation is, situated in Stevens
County, Wash, j The nearest United States
land office to it is the one located at Spo
kane.
. MEDICAL COLLEGE— H. G., City. For
the Information you desire about medical
colleges you should apply in person at or
by letter to any of the local colleges, the
addresses of which you will find In the
city directory. .
A LEASE— Whether a person leasing a
piece of property or a house is required
to give bonds to the owner to guarantee
the payment of the monthly or yearly
rent is a matter of arrangement between
lessor and lessee.
AGAINST THE ESTATE— D., Grass
Valley, Cal. If a man in business "died
owing the owner of the premises rent
for a long period," the landlord's remedy
Is to file a claim against the estate. The
justness of the claim will then be de
termined.
CIVIL SERVICE— B., San Jose, CaL
Blanks for the civil service in the depart
ments of the United States are to be ob
tained from the department in which the
party desires to take the examination.
Women can take the examination for
any position they can fill.
TAGGER— H.. Soquel, Cal. The annual
salary of a tagger In the Bureau of Ani
mal Industry. Department of Agriculture,
is $720. The minimum height of applicant
must be 5 feet 7 inches. Taggers are us
ually assistants to meet inspectors ana
stock examiners In the Bureau of Animal
Industry.
NOT FOR ADULTS— J. W. H., Ben Lo
mond, Cal. If by the question "Is there
an Institution conducted by the State In
which a person can learn blacksmithing
or other mechanical arts?" you mean a
place for adults, the answer is that there
is none except the one for the adult blind
in Oakland. .
HIGH SCHOOL CERTIFICATE— A. E.
S., Berkeley, Cal. A person holding a
High School certificate in any county in
this State, if elected to a High School po-.
sltlon in the city and county of San Fran
cisco, does not need to have a new cer
tificate from the authorities of that city
and county.
MINOR CHILDREN— A. 8., Skaggs,
Cal. Parents have the control of their
children during minority. If parents
abuse and maltreat children, an applica
tion for the appointment of a guardian
can be made, and if the minor is 14
years of age, he or she may say who
shall be such guardian.
TO TOSEMITE— F. W. R., City. The
toll on the CoulterviUe and Big Oak flat
routes to the Yosemite for those who go
by team is $1 per passenger. By the Mari :
posa route from Fresno the toll is »1 70
per animal going and one-half returning.
By the Raymond route it is $2 7o per ani
mal and one-half that rate returning.
CAPTAIN LOGAN-J. R.. City. The
mortuary recdrds of this city for twenty
five years fail to show that there was a
"Captain John A. Logan murdered ' on
Broadway wharf in San Francisco." You
probably have reference to Captain Dun
can Logan, who was murdered by being
shot through the heart at Broadway and
Powell street, September 10, 18S9.
A MERCHANT— F., Geyser, Cal. If a
merchant desires to retire from business
he is at liberty to do so. by either selling
out, or closing his place of business. If
he "gives a bill of sale of the contents of
his premises to a friend." and it is -with
Intent to delay, hinder and defraud his
creditors, he is liable to get himself into
trouble. • '
A RUN IN CRIB-N., City. If In a
game- of crib the play is 2, 3, 4, 5, 1 and 2,
threre is a run of three for the first three
cards played, one of four on the fourth
card and one of five on the fifth card;
then there Is another run of five for the
last player who put down two, aa there Is
no Intervening card between nis and the
first two played.
THE HIGHER RANK— M. P., City. In
the United States army, general Is the
highest rank. Next comes lieutenant
general. The first general was George
Washington, then U. S. Gfant. William T.
Sherman and Phil Sheridan. The rank Is
specially created by Congress for the in
dividual upon whom it is conferred, and
the rank dies with him.
A DECISION— C. H., Sonora. Cal. The
decision to the effect that if the statement
is not contained in the declaration of
homestead that the party making the
declaration was the head of a family,
even if the statement is therein that he
resided with his family thereon is void,
was rendered by the Supreme Court of
this State November 1, 1899, and Is to be
found in 58th Pacific reports, Reed vs.
Engelhart. .
SETTING OUT POlSON— Pioneer, Usal,
Mendocino i County. Cal. The law in re
gard to setting out poison tor the purpose
of- destroying animals belonging to an
other, which was given In this department
some time ago, fs quite clear. No one
has a right to set out poison where it
may be partaken of by animals. If A had
a valuable dog poisoned by B and it was
a malicious act, A would have his re
course at law, criminal proceedings.
APPRENTICE IN THE NAVY—Sub
scriber, City. A boy who wishes to enter
as an apprentice at the Naval Training
School on Yerba Buena (Goat) Island
must be between the ages of 15 and 17
years must have the consent of parents
or guardian and must sign an agreement
to serve in the navy until 21. Apprentices
are educated to fill the positions of sea
men and petty officers. They cannot be
come commissioned, officers. .
INSECTS ON PLANTS— A. M., City. To
destroy aphides (green lice) ; or other in
sects on plants, the following Is said to
be effective: Take ¦of quassia chips 3^4
ounces, larkspur seed 6 drachms; boil
these together in seven pints of water un
til the decoction is reduced to five pints.
When the liquid is cool it is to be strained
and used with a watering pot or garden
syringe, as may be most convenient. It
is said - that it will destroy, the insects
without injury to the plants.
DISTANCES— E. 8. P., City. The dis
tance along the road from Inglesida . ' to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STINDAT, APRIL 8, 1900.
Violet R. Jacobs leave for an extended
trip through Europe on Tuesday morning,
April 10. They will receive their friends
at the Occidental Hotel on Monday after
noon and evening.
Miss Rosa : Guggenheim has returned
from the south, where she Bpent the win
ter. She will be pleased to 6ee her friends
the second and third Thursday in April.
Miss Sallie Levlngston returned on the
steamer Australia after a visit to Hono
lulu extending over eight months; She
will be pleased to see her friends at 1610
Geary street *
Los Angeles.
On Monday evening Mrs. Charlea .Clark
entertained the Monday Musical - Club at
her home In Downey. The following Is
the excellent programme which wa3 ren
dered: Vocal selections by Mrs. C. Mo
dlni-Wood. Miss' Mollle Amelia Brown,
Mrs. Charles Stivers, Mrs. Frank Colby.
Mrs. Abbott Klnney, Mrs. Shelley Tol
hurst and Miss Frlaa Koss; violin soloa
by Mrs. Charles • Clark and Miss -Mary
Mullins, and piano eolos by Mrs. Augus
tine Berger-aiarigold, Miss Clara Bosby
shell, Mfss Carrie Conger and Miss As
bury Kent.
A very" pretty church wedding was that
which took place on Tuesday evening at
the First Methodist Church, on the corner
of Hill and Sixth streets, when Miss Ame
lia Agnes Herman was married to Arthur
Baldwin Shaffner. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. J. H. Shaffner, father
of the groom, assisted by Rev. R. J. H.
Beard of Denver, Colo. Miss Herman was
led to the altar by her brother. W. H.
Herman,, and was attended by Miss Ber
tha Clemans as maid of honor and Miss
Nellie Hagadorn as bridesmaid. The fol
lowing young ladles, all gowned In white,
acted as ushers, and Misses Anna Hare.
Mamie Graves, Frances Wilson and Ger
trude Clemans. The brid*e wore a gown
of white organdie over white silk, with
trimmings of chiffon and orange blossoms,
and the ornaments were a buckle and
brooch which were worn by her mother
on her wedding day. A large number of
friends and relatives witnessed the cere
mony. A reception at the family residence
on Bunker Hill avenue followed the mar
riage ceremony. Mr. and Mrs. Shaffner
left for a short bridal tour, and upon their
return will be at home in their new home,
813 South Flower street. - ''
Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Lowman entertained
at dinner -on Sunday evening at their
home on Orange street. The table waa
beautifully decorated with red and white
carnations and the lights were shaded
with red. Covers were laid for twelve.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Modlnl-Wood enter
tained with a luncheon on Friday in honor
of the fourth birthday anniversary of
their little son Perry. The followlnglittle
people were present: Elizabeth Wood,
Florence Wood, Georgia Off, Rowena Hall,
Mildred Cates, Amy Norton, Eleanor Mac-
Gowan, Dorothy Botsford, Margaret Dal
ton, Helen Jones, Dorothy Humes, Mar
jorle Utley, Katherine Johnson, T. T>al
ton, Hllllard MacGowan, Edwin Schallert,
Herman Bryant, Horace Scarborough,
Jack Botsford and Robert Johnson.
The wedding of Miss Ivy Schoder to Os
car C. Mueller, which took place on
Thursday, was a very quiet affair and
was witnessed only by relatives and a few
intimate friends.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Alpha Rho Society of the University of
Southern California was held at the homo
of Miss Ruth Brown, Budlory avenue and
Twenty-ninth street. Miss Brown enter
tained the young ladles with a 6 o'clock
dinner. Covers were laid for eighteen.
An informal reunion was held in the even-
Ing.'
T. E. Gibbons has returned from a busi
ness trip to the East.
Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Gardner of 118 Win
ston street have as their guests Mr. and
Mrs. Theodore Gunewald of New Orleans.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Gotthelf have gone to
Santa Monica, where they expect to re
main for several months.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Gay of San Diego
are visiting relatives in this city for a few
days.
Mrs. A. Morris of 252 North Hope street
announces the engagement of her daugh
ter. Miss Jennie Morris, to Sam Kafka.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Carpenter have gone
to San Diego to visit friends.
George Benton, who has been visiting
friends In this city, has returned to his
home in San Diego.
Earl Mueller came down from Belmont
Scnool to attend the wedding of his
brother, Oscar C. Mueller, to Miss Ivy
Schoder.
C. E. Porter has gone to Ban Diego for
a few days.
P. C. Killifer and family, formerly of
Orange, have come to Los Angeles to re
side.
Miss Ethelwyn Cromwell has returned
from a prolonged visit with friends in
Oregon.
Frank Bischoff. a celebrated china
painter of Detroit, Mich., Is visiting Los
Angeles. He expects to remain for a
month.
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Meridlth of Chi
cago, who have spent the winter in this
city, left for San Francisco on Saturday.
Mrs. F. E. Brown will receive her
friends at her home, 5219 South Fisrueroa
street, on the first and fourth Wednesdays
of the month.
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Klsler of Fremont
street have as their guest .Miss Mary
Stewart oi New Albany, Ind.
Mrs. C. B. Carse has crone to "Ventura
for an extended visit.
The marriage of Miss Helen Otis
Thomas of San Francisco and Frederick
W. Klmble of this city is announced to
take place on Wednesday, April 25, in San
Francisco.
Mrs. A. G. Hunt and Miss Hunt have
gone to San Jaclnto for a protracted visit.
Mrs. C. C. Travers and her mother, Mrs.
R. Bipler, will receive their friends on the
first and third Fridays of the month i at
their home, 1165 South Hope street. '
THE HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
SALE STILL ON
tZM tJJffl^'' : - ; '* jjaia;'.
Squares • 5 25.00 up
Uprights • 550.00 up
GUITARS, 51.00 cp jC\
VIOLINS, jt^T
$2.00 up J&r
«-J^3*K*J «AHDOLtIIS.
\rOFO J $2.00 up
—^ BANJOS, 50 Ct*. up
BYRON MAU2Y
308-310-312 Post St.
ADVEBTISEMCENTS^
|CITYOF|||j PARIS)
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. |
g just Received and on Sale MONDAY §
I NewPrlntedFoulards^SafSns |
S In Two. Three and Four Tones, §
*£ '.Latest Colorings and Exclusive Designs, g
I 75c, $t. OO, 91.2S and 31. 80 Fbr Yard. g
Crepe Mefeor^Grepede Chine I
0 91.00 to &6.00 T*er Yard. g
1 SOO PIECES g
ilo and il inCn uOIOigQ l alSala §
I Extra Quality, All the New Pastel Shades, 8
joj 85c and SI. tO f*ER Yard. §
o: ; • . §
§ COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. g
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
8 SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. 8
g UNION SOUMRE. g
A
24
SOCIETYTennis Tournament.
NORDHOFF. April 7.— At the tourna
mrr.t of the OJai Valley Tennis Club
F<nv>n courts were finished to-day. Trow
Hrr.ericks of I - Los Angeles High
School won Three medals and the Firnam
cup. He tock the Jr.terseholastic single
from Truman J. Gridley of the Thatcher
School in the finals, score 6—l,6 — 1, 6—2.6 — 2. This
•was the most important event In the
toumarr.er.t. Hendrlcks also won. with
R. H. Var-el. the interscholastic double?,
be&tlnr Baker and Wineman of the Ven
tura H:ch School '.n the finals: score 6—3.
4—6. 6—-. Miss Ruby Garland of Santa
Barbara wen the ladies" single from Miss
Blanche Dor.r.el of Los Angeles. Hend
rir-ks and Simpson of Simsabough won
the all-comers double, playing in the
final W. L. Thatcher of the Thatcher
School and Henry Farr.am of N>w
Haven; 6—l. 6—2. The all-comers and
mixed-comers were won by Miss Donnel
of Los Angeles and J. R, Brltton of Pas
adena, who defeated in th*> finish Miss
Ruby Garland and T. J. Gridley of Ojai;
score 6— o, S— 6. 6—4.
McConnell to Fight Ortega.
SAN JOSE. April 7.-Frar.k McConnell
and Jack Ortega will have a. twenty-round
fo on the night of the 10th inst. before the
San Jo!=e Ath'etlc Club for a purse of $S5O.
McConnell is training here and Ortega in
S:m Francisco. There will be a prelimin
ary of ten rounds between Williams of
Ivo* Anpe!<>s and Jack Kave of San Fran
clj-co. A large dolpgratlon of sports is ex
pected from San Francisco.
Ruhlin-Sharkey Articles Signed.
NEW YORK, April 7.— The articles of
agreement for the match between Gus
Ruhlin and Tom Sharkey were signed to
day by Billy Madden. Tom O'Rourke had
fipned at Hot Springs and forwarded
Them. They provide that the fight is to
be heM at the Seaside Athletic Club on
July ifl. and if either man 1? whipped be
• ire that date the rnntch is off.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
DERBY DAY FOR THE
FABIOLA HOSPITAL
OAKLAND. April 7.— President T. H.
Williams of the California Jockey Club
has set aside another Derby day for the
benefit of the Fabiola Hospital Associa
tion, when all the receipts of the race
track at Emeryville will be donated for
the benefit of that institution. KQpa
The announcement was contained In a
letter sent by Mr. Williams this morning:
to Mrs. John Yule, designating Derby day
for May 5, the last day of racing for this
season on this side of the bay.
PASO
ROBLES
Hot Sulphur Springs.
OTTO E. NEVER. Proprietor.
ONE OF THE MOST NOTED MI?rERAL
spring resorts and sanitariums !n America.
Ope-; al] the year round. Marvelous c.:ri»3 of
rheumatism, blcod. liver, kidney and stomach
disorders. Famous mud and snn<l tatha. Ele-
gant hotel accommodations. Rates. Including
board, lodging, use of N»*hs aad advice ol
resident physician. Sl9 to $23.
Special Round-Trp Hebats Tickets.
FRANK W. ELY. City A*eat.
TeL Main 1049. No. W0 Market «.. «. F.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARREX, Mcrs.
Pwlmmlnc Tanks. Bowling Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Maseeurs. Fine Livery-
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Kxperienced Guides.
CEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER SO MINERAL SPRINGS.
Reeidsnt Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL. ROOMS. Ilenty of. Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancln* In Ballroom every evening: G*orge
W. Watson. Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINK IX LAKE COUNTY.
Addrees HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEU or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 318 Montgomery street.
Hlzhland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and -"Webster streets. Oakland:
AHRENS. PEIX & BULLWINKLE, 6»> Post
street. San Francisco.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
¦I -M to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mali
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute, 32S Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. Thn
Institute is desirous of reaching that
frreat class of men who are unable to
cave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The Brownies" at the Grand.
This afternoon and evening "The
Brownies In Fairyland" will be given at
the Grand Opera-house with the same
Juvenile cast that was recently so success
ful at the California.
THE ALASKA
MID CAPE NOME
COMPANY
fies been organized for the purpose of
dredging for gold at Cape Nome. Alaska,
by mec^s cf a new patent dredger which
has Just been invented for that purpose.
That Cape Nome is rich Jn gold goes
lout saying. The extent of the field is
t known. For a distance" of seventy-
five miles the beach baa proven to be rich.
Tests have been made on the San Fran-
cisco beach with apparatus similar to that
which this company proposes to use at
Cape X-me. and the results have demon-
¦• • i that a surf which no barge or ves-
sel could withstand has no , nvct upon
the apparatus which it is proposed to use.
Thfi purpose of the company is to dredge
the rich deposit of sand beyond the line
of low water. Suction and hydraulic are
the forces- used InKbrinsing the *and
ashore. The capabilities of the pump as a
Band 'xcr.vatcr arc well known among all
classes or" engineers. This pump will be
constructed with interchangtable lining
the wearing parts being replaced so that
it will last indefinitely. The hydraulic jet
I? set at such an angle at the mouth of
the suction pipe that the rebound or reflex
action not only breaks up the sand so
That it will respond to the suction but
throws U up Into the mouth of the pipe.
This plant can be used hydraulically
v?ion the tundra or lands back of the
beach. The plan to be used In saving the
f< '.d is being successfully operated in New
Zealand. Australia and on the black sand
beach in Northern California. The virtue
Of this plan is that it SAVES THE FINE
GOLD and is capable of HANDLING
LARGE AMOUNTS OF MATERIAL
WITHOUT EXTRA COST.
It 5s said by a!l the men working on the
Vach at Ncme last stason that there was
tak^n out by each man with a rocker not
!cm than $1? per day. As no one man can.
with a mcker. work more than one yard
per day. it will be seen that the sand must
have averaged about $16 per cubic yard,
.-md a machine handling 1500 cubic yards
prr day would produce $24,000 for each
twenty-four days; and during the one
hundred days which constitutes the sea-
son. an<l during which there Is continuous
daylight, Fuch machines would produce
tZ.tQOfiW. Tbese figures seem to be enor-
mous, but they are fully borne out by the
almost unanimous opinion of those who
liave returned from Cape Nome.
Shares of th« capital stock will be of-
fejwtj to the public at its par value, the
proceeds to be applied to the purchase
and fquipnient of additional dredging ma-
chinery. Owing to the limited time at its
•iisposal before the opening of the sea-
.^.-t.. the company is contemplating the
operation of only two or three dredgers
.luring th«» coming summer, although
should conditions warrant it, a» many as
Jive or more complete plants may be put
in operation.
App!:cations for stock or for further ln-
fom.ation should be made to the Alaska
and Cape Norn-? Company, room 202. Ex-
aminer bui'.dinsr. San Francisco, or llis
Urotidway. Oakland.
W. E. BARNARD. Secretary
DIRECTORS:
M. J. KELLER.
THEODORE GIEH.
GEORGE C PARDEE.
A, P. HOLLAND,
C. IL WALKER. '
SAN FRANCISCO ELKS'
INSTALLATION BANQUET
The officers of San Francisco Lodge of
the Benevolent Protective Order of Elks,
who March 30 were elected for the cur
rent term, were installed last Friday night
by Deputy Grand Exalted Ruler Gray,
and last evening the installation banquet
was eerved in one of the leading rotis
serles of this city.
The large dining hall was decorated with
the most beautiful of decorations, the
American flag. The members and invited
guests occupied tables s^t with eight cov
ers and each '.able was covered with a
mess of beautiful cut flowers.
The new officers who are to rule the
lodge for this year are: T. F. Bonnet, E.
R.; T. E. Dunne, E. L. X. ; H. Curzon, E.
L X.; Philip Fay, E. L. X.: G. E. Hunt,
treasurer; Herman Kohn, secretary; J. N.
Odell. trustee: James P. Br: ?r. tiler; J.
N. Odell, D. McMillen, Jamt. P. Dunne,
trustees. :'-"•";:
The menu was such as Elks only have
served to them and which they know how
to enjoy. After this had been discussed
and the black coffee had been brought on
Judge A. F. Cutter, the toastmaster,
called for responses to the following
toasts: "Our Lodge." Exalted Ruler T. F.
Bonnet. At the close of his response he,
on behalf of the lodge, presented a beau
tiful loving cup to H. S. Manning, the
retiring exalted ruler, who made a very
neat reply of thanks foi the token of ap
preciation. "The Grand Lodge," F. L.
Gray: song, by "Harry" Cashman of the
Grand Opera-house: "Our Past Exalted
Rulers" J- R- Howell; "Our Mothers.
Wires Sisters and Sweethearts," Colonel
F E ' Beck; monologue. Tony Haskell;
"The Good of the Order." John J. Barrett
Then followed the beautiful sentiment of
the order, "11 o'clock," the hour when
all members, wherever assembled at that
hour, drink to those who are absent.
There were other toasts and entertain
ment. A souvenir was presented to each
guest. It was in the shape of an old-time
clock with the hands pointing to the hour
of 11. On opening the door there was ex
posed to view several leaflets with the
menu printed therein and on the last page
the names of the retiring and the new of
ficers. .
The following named were the members
and invited guests present:
Judge J. R. Aitken. , :_: _
Theodore F. Bonnet, Colonel F. E. Beck. C.
A. Bon. J. P. Broder. T. J. Barbour. Dr. G. S.
Backman. Paul Bunker, J. J. Barrett, P.
BaclKalupl. P. Bolder, F. H. Bushnell, T. F.
Boyle. Lewis F. Byington.
J. W. Coffroth. H. E. Curzon. J. M.
Chretien. A. J..Carmany, H. M. Campe, Harry
Cohn. Felix Cohn, R. P. Churchill. J.-J. Caf
frey. M. Craig. Judse F. A. Cutler, Max
Cr.arlo*. N\ Cook.
J. P. Dunne, T. E. Dunne. S. H. Daniels,
William Drown.
A. Fcxlera. Phil Fay. J. G. Fltrserald.
Philip X. Gordon, Samuel Goldman.
Colonel J. n. Howell. O. E. Hunt, T- O.
Heydenfeldt, C. E. L.. Hllderbrecht. C. N. Hall,
William Hood, J. Herd. Joseph Hlrsch.
Nate Jao^b*. David S. Jacobs, William Jones,
George Jon*-*.
J. A. Klein. Dr. J. J. Klngwell. Herman
Kohn.
Judsre W. P. Lawlor, W. A. Lange, W. M.
Levin.
F. W. Martin, n. E. Miller, H. S. Mannlngr.
Colonel C. S. Murphy, T. J. McCann, Roger C.
Ml'l*. Jo«eph Martin, C. Meier.
F. S. Osgood. J. N. Odell. Paul Oestln*.
J. H. Page.
Pr. Theodore Rether*, Edward R. Rock.
Phil Belig. J. 8. Stone. A. W. Smith. C. B.
Ftackpole, E. F. Somps. E. C. Stock, M. J.
Sldeman. Frank J. Slme. J. Sullivan.
. L. B. Thomas. Julian Thorne, W. H. Thorn
ley. T. R. Turner, 11. L. Tabre.
Frank J. Veen.
Lieutenant E. T. Wilson. K. Watson. H. M. !
Wreden. J. F. Wilkinson, Charles S. Wheeler,
A. H- Williams.
Charles M. Yates Jr.
ADVZETISEHZNTS.
Sailor Drowned.
EUREKA. April 7. — The schooner For
tuna, arriving here from San Francisco,
brought news of the loss of a sailor,
Charles Edward Cass, by drowning just
above Point Arena last Xlonday afternoon.
Cass' papers show him to have been a
member of the sailors' union, and a na
tive of England, aged 29 years.
His Neck Broken.
SAN JOSE, April 7.— Ben Carleton, a 18
year-old boy, dived into the Coyote Creek
while bathing this afternoon and his neck
was broken. The water was too shal!ow
where he dived and he struck the ground.
. seen that, barring' an accident, the Colum
bia team was out of the contest. At the
I finish there was the usual scene attending
any contest in which the college spirit Is
manifested. Waiting for the Columbia
team to reach the line, the university
lads pave them three rousing cheers and
then pulled for the boathouse for a rub
down and change of garments.
It Is argued by sympathizers of the
Berkeleys that the Columbia team had
the better course toward the center of
the channel, and by those -on the opposite ,
affiliation that the inside course pave the i
collegians the advantage of partial shelter I
from the stiff breeze; but all admit that i
the victory was decisive. While not en
deavoring to cloud the triumph of the
winners, Charles Goodwin stated that a
recent change of the complement of his
I crew proved a bad handicap and Inter
fered materially with the action of the
rowers.
i This victory has so sharpened the boat
; Ing spirit of University of California stu
dents that future races may be looked
I upon as a certainty.
finish was at a point opposite the Colum
bia Club's quarters and the time required
by the winning team to oover the course
was nearly seven minutes, the poor show
ing as regards time being due to a choppy
sea and a •'¦.tilt head wind.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler officiat
ed as referee, Professor George C. Ed
wards and C. E. Palmer as judges. James
Hoppes as timer at the start and Prentice
Hutchinson as timer at the finish. Berke
ley secured the Inside course. The crews
were made up as follows:
Berkeley— M. iS. Scott, bow; J. W.
Barnes, No. 2; D. Goodale, No. 3; T. V.
Kington, stroke.
Columbia— J. H. Dleckmann, bow;
Charles Bates, No. 2; Charles Goodwin,
No. 3: H. H. Haight, stroke.
At the word to go both teams bent to
their oars with a will, Columbia getting
a slight lead for perhaps 3)0 yards. Then
Berkeley gradually drew up and passed
their adversaries. Once In the lead the
stretch of water between the two boats in
creased -at a rapid rate and before the
course was half finished It was easily
WINNING CREW OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
OAKLAND, April 7.— With the college
yell pealing forth from the throats
of leather-lunged sympathizers tuid
sounding as sweetest music in the
ears of the winners, with handkerchiefs
and parasols waving to the tune of tri
umphant exclamations and praise from
the feminine contingent among the sight
seers, and with the water of a choppy
channel spraying from the oars and glis
tening like myriads of Jewels In the bright
sunlight, the Berkeley oarsmen crossed
the line to-day fully 150 yards ahead cf
their athletic adversaries of the Columbia
Rowing Club. It was a clear cut, decisive
victory, and. like true sportsmen, the
members of the losing team admitted that
they had been fairly bested and added
their congratulations to the ovation re
ceived by the \'lctors at the finish.
The rare took place in Sessions basin,
over a mile course. The start was from a
point opposite the Alameda Boat Club
house and was made at I:D3 p. m. The
lager. A. H. Iliohan. C. W. Crabtree. J.
H. Leary, R. H. Abbott. J. E Murray, E.
L. Braswell and W. D. Adriance.
Letters of regret at being unable to at
tend the banquet were received from J.
B. Dormer. superintendent of telegraph
of the Southern Pacific Company: W. B.
Breckenfeld. chief dispatcher, Sacra
mento; J. H. Sheridan, chief dispatcher.
Bakersfleld. The guests were: E. P.
Seymer. R. L. Ellzey. H. L. Pray. C. T
Day. D. W. Kopplkus. E. L. Bradwell. J.
P. Gallager. J. Shakespeare. P. Palmer.
A. J. Townsend, F. E. Gordon. Joseph
Leary. C. E. Wooley, Mr. Glbney. E. Ha
zen. D. Blake, L. H. Bunker. E. J. Bren
nan. C. I- Van Meter. I. N*. Rutner. C. E.
Hilton. W. D. Adrlance. J. H. Leary. A.
H. Iliohan, J. H. Whited. S. H. Dado.
G. B. Fairbanks. F. B. Sherman. L. O.
Gram. George Merritt. R. H. Abbott. E.
S. Clute. G. W. Harrison. H. W. Cratg.
B. S. Eurdlck. J. H. Rhorer, it A.
Mlchelson. James O. Gara. H. H. San
born, E. XI. Railton. W. Dwyer, E. M.
Downer. X. W. Dutton. E. A. Thompson.
C. Malley. F. O. Weber. J. E. Murray. J.
R. Murphy. C. H. Eckhart. E. Paynter.
G. W. Gates. M. Hogan. W. T. MasegtM.
J. T. Gallagher. C. W. Crabtree. E. 11.
Jones. A. Keller. J. J. Malone. B. R. ll.il
ston. W. H. Norton. R. Danneb<»rg. J. B.
Lanigan, J. A. Deacon, G. M. Nave.
LEAVE THEIR KEYS
FOR NIGHT OF FUN
Branch No. 53, Order of Railroad Tel
egraphers, embracing all the operators on
the Southern Pacific system, banqueted
last night at Delmonlco's. The affair was
in the nature of a reception to George
Estes, chairman of the general board of
the division. The board has been In con
sultation with the Southern Pacific offi
cials adjusting some grievances, and the
result of their conferences Is a new sched
ule of rates, which went into effect April
1 and which the operators think contains*
many points In their favor. The insurance
proposition cut no figure in the conference
and was not discussed by. the operators.
D. W. Kappikus was master of ceremo
nies last evening. The following toasts
wer" responded to: "O. R. T.," F. S.
Thompson; 'Division 53 (A Few Fig
ures"). B. A. Meyer; "True Brotherhood."
E. F. Wolever; "The Past and Present,"
George Merritt; "The Absent One," G.
P. Jester; "Our Employers," S. A. Went
worth; "The General Board." J. Shake
speare; "The Fair Members," F. G. Wet
zel; "Dialect Recitation," A. H. Iliohan;
"Our Leader," G. W. Harrison; "The Fu
ture," George Estes.
The committee of .arrangements con
sisted of D. W. Kopplkus, W. T. Masen
glll. J. H. Leary, A. H. Iliohan, G. B.
Fairbanks and J. P. Gallager. Reception
committee— G. B. Fairbanks J. P. Gal-
TRIUMPH OVER COLUMBIA
BY UNIVERSITY OARSMEN
GOOD DAY FOR
CONTESTANT OF
LODGE'S WILL
Reynolds Says Mrs. Lodge
Knew of a Family in
England.
Peculiar Action of the Capitalist's
Son. in Taking- a Small Sum of
Money as His Share Re
garded as Significant.
— >
Sz>ecial Dispatch to The Call..
SANTA ROSA, April 7.— The examina
tion of Edwin Reynolds, the Santa Ro3a
capitalist, whom Robert D. Lodge has
asked the courts to substitute in place of
John P. Overton as administrator of the
big Lodge estate, was continued before
Commissioner Campbell. As on the, day
before, the testimony was full of interest-
Ing details.
Referring to the existence of the Eng
lish heirs, Mr. Reynolds stated that Mar
tha Lodge, the wife of the aged capitalist,
knew something of her husband's past
before she married him In Pennsylvania,
more than fifty years ago. He knew she
had always possessed this information,
because she had told him (the witness) so.
Shortly before the wedding took place she
was Informed by a friend that her intend
ed husband had a wife and family In Eng
land. Witness further stated that whilo
Mrs. Lodge had never explained that
phase of the matter to him, he was of the
opinion that the reason she married
Lodge in the face of the knowledge with
which she had been furnished was be
cause she did not believe her Intended
had ever been legally married to Mary
Ann Redman, even if he had lived with
her.
It will be remembered that some three
months ago David Lodge, one of the heirs
named in the aged capitalist's la3t will
and testament, disposed of his entire
claim upon the big estate for $20,000 in
cash. The move was supposed here at
the time to have been nothing but a piece
of financiering upon the part of the other
heirs. Shortly after the details of the
transaction were completed young Lodge
disappeared and his whereabouts Is now
unknown.
From the testimony of Reynolds to-day
it appears that Lodge in disposing of nis
Interest In the big estate and leaving the
country as he did knew exactly what he
was doing as well as -what was coming
In the way of litigation even though he
did not mention it to the people with
whom he was Just then doing business.
The fact was brought out by Reynolds'
statement that Mrs. Lodge had told him
two or three years ago that she had in
formed her son Dave of the existence of
the English claimant. This piece of tes
timony created quite a stir, as It ex
plained very clearly why David Lodge
disposed of his one-third Interest In the
big estate for such a paltry sum.
During the afternoon session Attorney
Geary Intimated strongly by the tenor of
his questioning that the real reason of
Mr. Reynoius' connection with the case
was his dislike of Mrs. Prince, one of the
three children of the late Mr. and Mrs,
J. D. Lodge. These insinuations were
vigorously denied, and for a time the at
mosphere of the little room was de
cidedly warm. Witness stated that while
Mrs. "Prince had had trouble with her
mother, Mrs. Lodge, she had never had
any with him. Regarding the family
trouble referred to Mr. Reynolds said he
understood that It arose over a question
of JSOO which Mrs. Prince claimed nad
been given her but which Mrs. Lodge
maintained was a loan, and that by rea
son of the trouble Mrs. Prince, her hus
band. M. Prince, and their children did
not visit the old folks for several years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
PRIVATE family In Belvedere will accommo-
date a married couple (no children) rfurtot
the summer months. Box 30M, Call office.
BOBBINS MADE
DEFENDANT IN
DIVORCE SUIT
Sad Sequel to a Secret Wed
ding and Telephonic
Honeymoon.
Young Bride Regrets Her Marriage
and Seeks to Secure a Fzparation
Because cf Failure to
Provide.
»
Oakland OSee San Frar.clsco Call,
111S Broadway, April 7.
Ijrigh H. Robbing married secretly and.
owing: to various obstacles In the way or
F;>~r.<i : .r.p his time with his bride, was
<ih!!frtd to spend his honeymoon In tele
phoning- her sweet nothing's and other ex
presslons so dear to the heart of the
l"vcr. She didn't refuse him. but. unliks
ih<» famiJiar sonp. he has lost her just
The same, ani many there axe who think
the telephone is the cause of all the
trou c.
RobHr.s. who is employed by J. H. Mc-
Por.ald In the real estate business, secret
ly married Mis? Louise >roe, who is a step
diuirhter of Sfrrorart- Cralgi* Sharp of
the Board of Trade, at San Jose In 1537.
It was asserted that for causes unknown
't! - > -n::e couple leparated shortly after
the ceremony wa* ptrformed and since
thea !;;tvf had no communication with
each other except by telephone.
To-day Mrs. Rotibins tiled suit for di
vr.rcf from h<=T husband on the ground of
failure to provide. The suit to have the
marltaJ fetters sundered Is not by many
Tuiir.ts so jrreat a surprise as was the an
r.o'jr.cement of the marriape.
__ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail To AH Sufferers.
jgpspgwgg.w NO C. 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Tfc= onl y Preparation inowti to science which rraM*
j£?T*Sw cures Lost Manhcod 13 "CALTMOS," the rr.arvelou*
iSe^?«S"4*w?»:l i&r^Sk* French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. It is
55ESiSS&S£-fM&£ (< * -N. )? controlled in this country by The Yon Mohl Company, of
h«^fi<i<-^v:^a««^»iH / X^r> Cincinnati, Ohio, a corxsrn winch cccup-es a hi^h and
£^i^^<^^^W"i A x> y houorable place m the world of medicine. It is or.t cf the
[\^y largest and most responsible houses in Cir.rinniti, aa
KS^'^^'^y aJ-^T anyone who is acquainted in that cit7 will testify.
S^^is££&y /» "ii\ r The Yon lonl Company invites all men suffering
ffW-'^wSS^y /I ' // S « m Lo^ Maefcaod. Spcrmatorrhcr^. Varicocele. Small
TT%r&P*V A^^-^ I ss£ Parts or W(?a fc=«s ot any nature in the Nerves or Sexual
ff • "' ./ /!y*2<~x*s// I 111 Organs, to send .their nanirs and receive a five days' treat*
i^'^few £$%?s£? /ft II "V?. 1 ;. »!£." wi:l P™* the wonderful vitalizing powers
o*:*:i3y// \l\ cf "CALTUOS." After using it five cays the sufferers
2J3'"''»i>f^| X-i'ir**^/// Six V flad aew vl C° r »a their orjraas, new force in their
fejj \y < j£^/ *I V \ muscles, new blood in their veins, -aerrt ambition, and
jJSdtjjijji E^V>i^-^^*yi rapid progress towtrd the buoyant feelings and sensa>
'-L^-'^vl Vnl'\ \ i\\ Uons of youagt:r days.
ffjSJ&igcJi V 3 \( l\\ This liberal free offer is Ksauiae. There la no rwind.
¦ tlwwSit'^-'A W \\ A\] HngrCO. D. or Deposit Scheme connected -arith it. The five
Bii(*t J -;^\ V V 111 days' treatment is sent by sealed mail to ail on request,
Bti'sSi-SV'S-Vi^ ' Il) I wrapped in a plain package, and fu!l rsri a ted instructions
•l^r!-'.^- •.¦.¦.¦•¦•¦¦ ->»n-vnN)» n -vnN) / \ accotrpiny the medicine, to V.iit each ratieut becomea
flsfi I >.s£v&£|jl «\Vv his own doctor and cures himjtlf 3t horae.
\tyj&rj'r?£.'?ij \ Vf It doesn't make any differtnes what censed the wrat.
¦.^-¦•^ '¦.'¦¦•¦ '-••y^-J- Jr^y "^y ness— whether bad habits in youth, or excess, or over-
?^*i''jw;VvV;;y"ij >"-"t — ' \ work, cr business troubles. "CAL'i'ilCS" will effect a
Ti-^ffWf^j^ £M \ care, no matter what biff nani the disease may be called
F-lr^li&'^vJi AS^vV he oc Company treats all correspondence ia
tw^£»A^i*l™S fc»^f '*A perfect confidence. Ucder r.o conditions will it make
CvT^"i-i?^*iS3 P*""!L-^ : -l public the sames of the thousands wto have written tes-
&s!^i?~&!£!tt * /&ff£&\:\ f J tirnonials telling of their restoration to robust inanbood
?^2i # '-v":%v^t|?7 /^'-'ii^^iP after other medicines and appliances have proved worth-
B^#££sW / r^l! V A I ' ss - " CALTHOS " is regularly used in the French and
f«* : -S>i-\ : Jp?ig[ Hi-** 7 /" German arming, and the soldiers in tho<e countries have
pC'ft'-^'j&irrl Kufi? I M come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cures
/^••Trt^-* KPi* //?"'*'¦• are effected at all ajjes from twenty to eighty years. There
£>'Q".'&?iW L tzW"^' /V-& ** no ease (except where the stage of epilepsy or insanity
«@:V.'?^T^ Wi^P /M has been reached) which it will not radically' quickly and
£.^i.v£/Sg£a JBsaf \ »;\ permanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cure itself.
"S:-.^?vj' Ma- " I^\ l<&iV^*ns Xt ffrows worse from week to week. Each day aggravates
dftgg \ \>.g*»*igffifr the mental and physical aaguish.
\jO\S Send today for the free five days' trial treatment. If it
helps you, more of the medicine can be purchased. If it
does not nelp, no harm is done and no money ha« been paid out. You can send your name in
the full knowledge that it will be kept from all. The •• CALTUOS " department of our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatment, etc.. to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY, 171 B, Cincinnati, 0 .1 p^Sai7sffi?£l5 ta sSS2
PaRsISO HOT SPRINiS, *•***£&..
Monterey County. Cai. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot b« equaled; up-to-data
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths: swimming tank 30x<0 feet. Our masucurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall; large hotel and 39 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. San Francisco* 9 a. m. : First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trio ticket* S3. at S.
P. of2ce. *13 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. U PERRACLT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
Famous
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Beth:, refitted and Improved. Magnificent
ncen*ry. delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. 512 to Sit per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. » a.
m. ond 7:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gllroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
P. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
Tn# most attractive place In La&» County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing tennis. livery, new walks. »te. 'Writ* for
to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel DelU Lake County. Cat
oAjAj., DR. PIERCES
jg|p||i| ELECTRIC
l^^C BELT,
THIS BELT IS WAR-
"A?*, ranted to be the latest lm-
' proved, most powerful and In
«ll r««t>ects the best now manufactured in any
Sartofthe world. Its equal doe» not exist. The
Galvanometer shows Its electric current to be
double that of any ether. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
montH Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will curs
any disease on earth that It is possible to cur*
with electricity, and It cures when other* fall.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Plerce's."
- "'Booklet No. 2," free at office or sent by mail
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel) SAN FRANCISCO.
Eastern Office— New Tork City.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah. Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
piace In the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtub*. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal spring:
accommodations and table first class. Opens
P J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Proprietors.
Cl/APrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OlV>\vlVlO Coonty; only V.-% hours
from San Francisco and bat nln« miles of
•Using: waters noted for medicinal Tlrtues:
best natnral bath In State; grand mountain
scenery; good troct Btreaso* at door: tel>»"hone,
telegraph: dally mall and express; FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE;
morninjr and afternocn star's: round trip from
Saa Francisco only CML Take Tlbcron ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:3!) p. m. Terms. V a day or
JIJ a week. References— Any cueat of the past
five years- patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MiTLGREW. Proprietor.
b r. p r e - TOCALOMA, "Jg"
BERTRANT> HOTET*— First-class aecornmi-
JaVons: reasonable rate»; flahinir: bewutirnl
drive* to Bear Valley, etc JOSEPII F. BERT-
IUND or Pohl> shoe ston». 324 Kearny st. 3.
F.. every Friday from i to 5 o'clock.
ROWARD*tNNAN.
H. Francis Anderson. President: William H.
Lamb. Vice President and Manager; . J. Dal-
xell Brown, Treasurer.
Situated In the Santa Croz Mountains, on
San Lorenio River. 3S hour* from S. P.. 10
miles from Santa Crux: irrounds and river lit
by electric lights: tennis, bowling, boating,
bathing and fishing: Bolf links: elegant hall
and clubrooms: pood muslo and billiards; all
rooms hard finished -.and elegantly famished.
Round trip. $3. Telephone In hotel. Address
B. ¦ Dickinson, secretary and lessee. Ben Lo-
mond. Opens May 15th.
PINE KNOB REf ORT. gS&.'Ki: """
Elevation 36C0 fe«t: delfrhtful climate, beau-
tiful scenery and fine drives Hunting- and
fishing; pleasant walks. Rates. S3 and $10 a
week. Send for circular. I. H. McKIM. Prop.
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
?T Tha L*'?"' Anatomical Mmeum In the
-_2^_ Wand. >Ve»knetiei cr any contracted
'^JtJJI disease pesitlvrly t«red hjr the oldest
|X 31 Specialist c«t*e Coast EsL }6 yoar*
Jvjftl OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
f tfJMhH Consultation free and strictly pri-rate
IVCWI Trt ument personally or by letter. A
I w al P—.HM CWre in erery ease undertaken.
RI? lift Write for Book. rHILOSOraY«f
I V 1 91RRU6C, MAILED FKKB. <A
A 11, i valuable book for men)
DH JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
!> Hamilton Square Baptist, Poit street, near
> Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
:> — —
» First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
> E. A. Woods.
> ¦ —
¦> Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
• Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
> avenue and Clement street — Rev. Philip
¦> Coombe.
> Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
¦> i Moe streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
>
v First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
y son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
• Third Congregational. Fifteenth street. b«
> tween Valencia and MUsion— Rev. Dr.
> Bayley.
• Emanuel Evangelical, corner Twelfth and
> Stevenson streets— Rev. F. W. Fischer.
> Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets —
, Rev. F. W. Clampett. D.D.
> First Christian, Twelfth street, near How
> ard— Rev. F. S. Ford.
> California Street M. E.. corner California
> and Broderiek streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
v Richmond M. E. t Fourth aye. . between
> Point Lobos avenue and Clement street —
> Rev. A. E. Ulrtch.
> Trinity M. E., corner Market, Sixteenth and
» Noe streets— Rev. Theo. H. Woodward.
. Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near So
> lano— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
> Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twenty
> sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
. Howard Street M. E., between Second aari
. • Third— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
. Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
. Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
. Centenary M. E.. Squth. Bush street, be
tween Gough and Dctavia— Rev. .J. c.
Moore.
. Central M. E., Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh— Rev. & D. Hutsinpiller.
• Memorial Presbyterian. Railroad and Eigh
teenth avenues. South San Francisco —
Rev. H. N. Bevler.
. First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento streets— Rev. Robert Mac
kenzie, D.D.
. Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
. Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
Stewart Memorial, U. P.. Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Webster
and Page streets— Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
. and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebbins.
minister emeritus; Rev. B. Leavitt, min
ister in charge. , .
Second Unitarian, corner of Twentieth and
Capp streets —
Sunday Lecture Association, , Metropolitan
Temple— Rev. B. Fay Mills.
V M C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets— H.
J. McCoy, secretary.
First Church ¦of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter street— The Bible and
Science . and Health. With Key to the
Scriptures.
Morning— "That Good Old Song." Evening
—"The Carpenter's Son."
Morning — "Loyalty." Evening — "What
Would Jesus Do?"
Morning— "Christ's Temptations." Even
ing—"lt Is Finished."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. C. R. Pomeroy.
D.D. Evening— Same.
Morning-— "Unwavering Faith." Evening—
"Christian Council."
Morning— "Redemption Through Christ."
Evening— "What Good Thing Shall I Do?"
Morning— "The Christ of To-day." Even
ing—"Jerusalem and Palm Sunday."
Morning— Special exercises in v honor of
Palm Sunday. Evening— Sermon by the
pastor.
Morning — Preaching by the rector. Even-
Ing — Services at 4 o'clock.
Morning— "The Time of Thy Visitation."
Evening— "Who Is This?"
Morning — "Signs of Spiritual Decay."
Evening— "To Have, or to Be."
Morning— "All Things Are Possible to Him
That Believeth. Evening— "How Men
Ari Saved."
Morning — "The Macedonian Cry." Even
ing — "A Century of Missions."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Mornlnjj— "Was God Manifest in the
Fleeh?" Evening— "Anticipating Good
Friday— Was Jesus Crucified?"
Morning— Preaching by Rev. Dr. Case, pre
siding elder. Evening— Same.
Morning— "Victory Through Faith." Even
ing—"The Yoke of Iron and the Yoke of
Love." ' ;i \y, ';.>,-¦
Morning— Preaching by th» pastor; special
muslo. Evening— Preaching by Bishop W.
W. Duncan of South Carolina.
Morning— "Golden Opportunities." Even
ing—"Things Sure. Solid and Safe for
Men."
Morning— "Higher Things." Evening—"Bet
ter or Worse."
Morning— Preaching by Rev. William Kirk
Gutherle, D.D. Evening— Same.
Morning— Rev. H. C. Mlnton, D.D.. will
preach. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— Rev. Charles M. Shepherd will
preach on "Christ Washing the Disciple's
Feet" Evening— "Love, the Fulfillment
of Law."
MornlnK — "Communion Sense in Religion."
Evening— "A Religion of Joy.'"
Morning— Preaching and reception of mem
bers and communion. Evening— "The
Real Higher Christian Life."
Morning— Preaching by Rev. Dr. Leavitt.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Dr. Stebbins.
Evening— Rev. B. : . Leavitt of the ¦ First
Unitarian Church will deliver a discourse;
¦pedal music both morning and evening.
Evening— Rev. B. Fay Mills will preach on
"A LlvtngGod." ? ,
Afternoon — Secretary McCoy will speak on
"The Young Man and His Courage." _
Morning — "Doctrine of Atonement."
Joseph B. Mallon Dead.
ALAMEDA," April 7.— Joseph B. Mallon,
a retired capitalist, 'died this morning of
appendicitis and heart trouble at his resi
dence,- 621 Grand street. Deceased was
a native of Ireland and aged 58 years. For
thirty years Mr. Mallon conducted a store
in Virginia City, having established it in
the pioneer days, and when he retired had
amassed a fortune.: He had large mining
interests in Nevada. Mr. Mallon leaves
a widow, Mrs. Teresa Mallon, and three
young children. The funeral will be held
from St. Joseph's Church next Monday
at 10 o'clock and the interment will be in
St. Mary's Cemetery.
25Sunflower Rabbitry.
TEN SEPARATE STRAINS OF BLOJD.
''AIRS AND TRIOS MATED NOT AKIN.
Ground Floor Pens and -Scientific Breeding Practice.
Breeding Capacity 2000 Annually.
I now have younj? stock from Sir Dash, Rochdale, Yukon and others that I will
sell you at moderate prices. Thirty breeding does, unexcelled for beauty, quality
%nd vigor. Prompt attention and unquestionable reliability assured.
CIRCULAR F»OR ST/\A\F».
MRS. J. F\ BOYD,
V 416K EAST TWENTY-THIRD STREET. Los Anftele*, CaL
A PERSONAL SELECTION OF HIGH GRADE
BELGIAN HARES
May be made at
103 CALIFORNIA MARKET. San Francisco.
FRED S. GIFFORD, Manager.
V* PALO ALTO BABBITRY.
Write for "Practical Hints on Belgian Hares."
Breeders of hiph-grade Belgians of the latest
and most popular strains. We have at the
head of our Rabbitry SIR ALDEN and RED
HAWK, two of the finest bucks In this coun-
try. We do not do a brokerage business, but
have selected and bred our stock with the hig:h
aim of producing as perfect a Belgian Hare
as Fclentiflc breeding- and careful rearing- will
produce, our method of housing' and feeding
being original with us. We claim to produce
as perfect a Belgian Hare as any ever im-
ported. We invite comparison with any one
you want. Fine stock at moderate prioos.
2303 W. PICO STREET,
Los Angeles. California.
c-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»"O-»- o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»o-*-o-«-o-«-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-«- o-»-o-»-o-*-o-*-o-»-o-* > o
\J. C Pridham & Go. ?
O 110 and 11J N. LOS ANGELES ST . LOS ANGELES, CAL. 9
t BREEDERS OF THOROUGHBRED BELGIAN HARES. *
°. Champion AJAX . ?
T ___^ . O
ll l
I SCORE | M^^^^ SCORE}
? • ?
Oiiii i - f O
Highest Scoring Buck in America and Winner of International Championship. *
? Laree Stock of All Grade Hares Always on Hand. We Ship in Light. "Well Ventilated °
? Cratea. • ?
? Send five cents etamDs for complete booklet on Bel elan Hares. Correspondence '•>
? invited. •
o *-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o ?o*c-»e*o*o*c*D*o*o*o*o*o*o ¦« o-*-o-*-o-*-9-*-o-*-o-*-o
IMPORTERS AND BREEDERS
High Grade
Belgian Hares
LORD PEEPXE.SS and DON* GLADSTONE for Service, $5.00.
W( are offering some of the best Belgians to be found on the market.
NOTE THESE PRICES.
Finely colored, pood pedi- (J»|/» Same grade of (f»J rt\ Xot quite bo A r
rre«l. E-months-nld Does. \\ f Does, 4 months old JU.^5! good, 3Vj months >,T
bred to our fine Bucks. Each V** and unbred. Each «!»l § «v old. Each f«
We make a special rate on large orders. Get our illustrated circular..
GLEN ELLEN RABBITRY
524 E. Eighth St. Los Angeles, Col.
-••©-••o-*-o-*'O-*-O"*'O-*-o-«-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-* - o-«' o-*-o - *-o-*-o-*-o-*o-» o
Kind Ever Held— The Exposition at Los Angeles in February last.
Also DUKE OF CLARENCE (Imported),
By Champion Fashoda.
LORD EDINBORO (Imported)
Sire CHAMPION EDINBORO. Dam PALACE QUEEN.
Absolutely the Grandest Belgian in America To-Day.
LONG DISTANCE TELEPHONE— W. S3T.
MAIN 0FF1CE .......................... 2134 FILLMORE STREET
RABBITRY AND SHOW ROOMS. /. . .2428 SACRAMENTO STREET
Send Ac In stamps- for booK on care and feeding.
Open Sundays. ' Visitors Welcome.
WESTIRN ADDITION RABBITRY
2107 California Street,
PHONE JACKSON 733.
PEDIGREE-BRED DOES FOR SALE.
NONPAREIL. NORMAN PRINCE. YUKON
And Other Celebrated Strains.
DUKE OF LTONS Now at Stud. Fee $10.
Shipments Received Daily From West End
Rabbitry. Los Angeles, Cal.
pacific rabbitry;
BKVKNTEENTH and CASTRO STREETS-
OAKLAND. CALIFORNIA
IMPORTERS AND BREEDERS OF
CHAMP^ lOMED BELGIAN HARES.
FASHODA!
ROACHDALE!
LORD BRITAIN!
TRINIDAD and Other Celebrate 4 Btntea.
Visitors Always Welcome. ""*""¦
..J)UKE OF AUKLAND...
IMPORTED.
This buck was carefully selected by T. B. MASON, the noted English
judge and Belgian Hare Expert, and possesses grand color — ticking and
very red hind feet clear up to the hock. He Is a wonderful sire. Does bred
to the Duke a matter of correspondence.
F*REE BOOKLET
On how to feed, breed, tan the pelts and all else you need to know sent fo%
two-cent stamp. Write to-day. All questions cheerfully answered, Rei«
erence Los Angeles National Bank.
Kemp's Belgian Kare Rabbitry,
1211 HIDALGO ST., Los Angeles, Cal.
Tremont
, -n^. -m. w Tf w
)° , ©(
£ THOROUGHBRED BELGIAN HARES 3
£¦ FROM fILL THE 3
!S ... GREATEST WINNING STRAINS... 3
PJLB_fi_R_fi. SJULSLSLSLSLSLSLSLBJISU
Champion Edinboro 11. Princess Helen.
Lord Liverpool. _ - ##*>^*«§is'i?'^s^ > *•'.*' Lady May.
Lord Britain. - yWp^jg&Sl.^ . --^^ffgffpSr^ Miss Clara.
Champion Yukon. jßSw'iiSsi^! '' ' ' /( 'rf" '^s. Tremont Beauty.
Champtcn Unicorn. ' nPoi^T '* ~ •~'^ \< *% \/) Scoring from 90H to 93,
Black Hares and Him- ) b> " Mrs - M. Buah.
alayas. <s^!S^W^&|^alfey / official scorer of Los
C. R. Champion Does. ' ' £+Jgggj» Angeles.
PACIFIC BELGIAN
HARE CO.
Want* everybody, buyer* or not buyers, to call and ac« them or to- wrlta. TF* can't ten all
about the different. breeds of a carload of rabbits In an "ad" unless w* bay tb« paper. W*
have rot for sal* SCO cheap and fancy animals.
ONE WEEK ONLY.
MRS. HOFKINBON of 1jO« An*ele«. OBTTICIAIf SCORER, wfll b# at oar pUe* or win can
anywhere In the city. She will (It* hair-hour lecture* on tha Belgian Hara and aoor* Ra&btts
from I to 4 o'clock every afternoon.
713 EAtT TWELFTH ST., OAKLAND, CAL.
OOOCOCOSOGOOGCCCCGOGSOSCOC?CCCOOOCO©OOOOGOCO©O
§ EXAMINE CUR STOCK BEFORE GOING OUT Of TOWN |
© FOR BELGIANS. O
IMACNOLIABELCIANHARECO.I
2 o
q Mair. Ratbitry. 1325 West Twrnty-third Street. Los Angeles. Branch, JJ
S 1206 FILLMORE STREET, KEAR TURK T3EET, SAN FhANCISCO, g
O (\ Large Assortment of the pinest ©
2 Pedigrzed StocK on the Continent. S
-. BurkF at vtud. including:
Q FAPHODA KING, a Fine Buck *15 2
© TTTKON DANDY. BRITON COMET and SIR STYLES $1O ©
O BRITON STAR $5 ¦ ©
O Two Fine LORD BRITAIN BUCKS FOR SALE. A
jZ W> have for eale all strains, such as LORD BRITAIN, YU. ON and SIR STYLES. J*
*J These d<x-s are all hlßh-pediCTeed, from JlO to $125 each. Any one purchasing does J?
O from us we will breed to any of the above bucks for a limited time for $5.00 ©
LOS ANGELES RABBITRY. S
Pens Headed by the Famous Bucks
AMBROSE. LORD CLEETHORPS. LORD BANBURY JR. YW^^^l
Our Hares Won at Los Angeles Show 10 Entries, ji(Wy^^rA
10 Prizes; 2 Firsts on Buck and His Get. "
We have a larpe lot of high-grade stock to select from and use the utmost care
in the selection of all stock shipped. We have all grades of stock- DOES bred and
young does ready for their first breeding. OUR PRICES ARE ALWAYS RIGHT.
Correspondence Solicited.
E. BAMESBERGER, Mgr.,
309 WINSTON STRr^T, Lr> s Angeles, Cal
We offer for the next 30
days one of our splendid
trios for
540.00,
All unrelated and fully ped-
igreed. This includes a
four to six months buck,
sired by the prize winning
KLONDIKE NUGGET,
son of CHAMPION YU-
KON, and two does, one
bred to a magnificent, high
scoring, direct son of the
celebrated LORD BRIT.
AIN, and the other to an
imported buck, direct son
of our ENGLISH CHAM-
PION DASH, winner
Challenge Medal, twenty-
two first and special prizes.
Orders by mail will be
promptly filled. Every
animal sent out we guaran-
tee to be in every respect as
we represent. If not, it
may be returned at our ex-
pense and another sent or
money refunded.
We refer by permission
to the California Bank and
the Los Angeles National
Bank.
Send five-cent stamp for
our beautifully illustrated
catalogue. "Tells you all
about it."
MEADOW BROOK
BELGIAN HARE
COMPANY,
831-833 GRAND AYE.,
Los Angeles.
Offer Extraordinary,
30 DAYS'
COX RABBITRY.
Imported and Breeds from
Imported Stock Only.
" ...NONE BUT THE
.. . BEST GOES HERE.
I have the only Rabbltry in the United States that carries Imported Stock exclast-rvty.
Have 20 different strains to mate for the best results. NO IMPORTED HARES told und«r
$40 each.
• RED front and hind feet my specialty. All Does sold bred to either
EDINBORO II or FASHODA ROYAL, as Suited.
Fees for theae two bucks are $20 and $13. They are crackajacks and you win make no
mistake in breeding your does to them.
.1 have younjr stock growing for delivery July Ist.
I have Importations on the way from England ail the time and am beadquarten for
Imported Hares. *
Come and see me or write, as I invite comparison In stock and prices and sir* * dis-
count on large orders.
T. B. COX, Proprietor, 411 East 23d St.,
Owner of Red Rldlnsr Hood-Score 96. • LOS ANGELES. CAL.
IL* JTv S\t s i-A Bla \3
7
Headed by
PRINCE ALBERT.
A charming specimen and English winner
when but 4 months old. If you want, prize-
winners • don't fail to breed your choice does
to Prince Albert. Fee $10. When ordering does
from Los Angeles Instruct your dealer to have
them bred to PRINCE ALBERT. References-
First National Bank, Farmers' and Merchants'
Bank.
1220 GEORGIA STREET,
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
To Tan Belgian Hare Pelts.
By S. W. Kemp. !
In order to make a success of tanning
we must commence by properly removing
the pelt. To remove the skin from the
carcass in a speedy and easy manner re-
quires a little practice, but the "main
thing is care, so as to avoid cutting the
hide except where intended. ; With a sharp
knife cut the skin from under the jaw
down the belly to the root of the tail.
To free the legs from their casing make
an incision at the toes and cut toward the
central cut down the belly.
After the hide is removed apply common
table salt to the flesh parts and rub in
well with the hand. Salt and other pre-
servatives applied, strike through and
bind down the epidermis in which the
roots of the hair are fixed, and if the salt
is not allowed to strika directly upon the
flesh side of the skin at all points, these
places will soon be denuded of fur. Roll
the skin up flesh to - flesh and allow it to
remain a day or two, and if upon examin-
ation the second day any soft spots are to
be found, salt again and work well with
the hands. Then place the hide in a so-
lution of one part salt and four parts wa-
ter,- to which, when the salt has become
thoroughly dissolved, add a few drops of
sulphuric acid. Allow the skin to remain
in this solution a few days, after which
remove and cleanse with water and par-
tially dry.
Here is where the labor comes In. "Work
the skin while in a seml-molst condition,
stretching and pulling in all directions
and working it into a flexible condition
generally.
A good way to break all the fibers is to
rub over a sauare com«r of some hard
substance, such as a planed plank or iron
bar.
YErtRL^ CAPACITY *5000 HErtD. NONE BUT L/\TEST TVF»ES.
We P end a lavishly illustrated booklet free for stamp, fully describing our rabbitry The Bonanza Rabbitry
SSSSS HSRSttS EXSB gBBg SR^^M ** rearm, a^
managing their progeny. Will save the beginner many times its cost in any one of a dozen items. Price, postpaiu, fu
930 GRAND VIEW AVENUE, LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.
c
o
o
G
c
c
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
c
c
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
©
o
O
o
c
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
c
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
JsHMJsnMnLlijiTl.MMssMWlsW ¦¦¦¦¦l !»¦»¦¦ ¦ i ~i i i i Jii ¦¦ - 1 - ->-¦¦!¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦—¦ai i»u ¦*— —¦¦ ' , , • , —
c©ooo«oo©ooeoooooocooooosoe©o©oeo©©o®©0o©oooo©«oo©o©©o©«©o©©o©©d©©©o©®«««o««®o®*o«*®®® o ***J
'ACUnnA CHAMPION OF THE WORLD. His record in the Exhibition arena In both England and America stands without a
"nonUUn. parallel. Imported by the Bonanza Rabbitry Dscemoer, 1899.
SIXTEEN TO ONE
(Imported ,
By Champion Cayenne.
No firm in the world
owns a grander trio of
Belgians.
Arrived, ¦ft ft | " H I I U A Grand
IMPORTED BUCK, Scor© 95.6 Rrizes.
FEE ?25. TO APPROVED DOES ONLY.
PRINCE ALFRED. Imported; Score. 93*;; Fee. §15.
BLENHEIM— Fee. fl«- ALERT-Fee, $15. '
If interested In the grade of your atock you should not fall to visit my Rabbltry aa4 ¦«•
these four magnificent bucks.
JT^/^I JTTfiS From the best strains, both bred and tin-
JLJ'V^.CrfiZ* bred, always on hand.
At this Rabbltry you can buy as high grade Belgians as aro to b« fonad ta America. Tm
can examine them before purchasing. This Is not true when you order them from abroad.
VISITORS ARE ALWAYS WELCOME.
VICTORIA RABBITRY, D. W. James, Proprietor,
1277, Seventh Aye.. East Oakland. Telephone Brook 371.
SAM C. HAMMOND,
Manager.
Office and salesroom
Spreckels Market.
Telephone Main 5628.
1015 Shotwell Street.
Telephone Mission 47.
200 Choice Domestic Does
from. the choicest strains,
bred and with litters, at
low prices.
Visitors are always wel-
We are open daily until 9
p. m.
PANY,
AINCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO
By Champion Edinboro, Champion Fashoda, Champion Cayenne.
SAN F*
It is not at all necessary
to go to any other city for
Belgian Hares, as we can
furnish them at wholesale
or retail, and not only guar-
antee the grade but allow
you to inspect the stock.
Our twenty years' business
reputation in this city es-
tablishes the fact that our
guarantee is good.
LEADS
THE WORLD
WITH
SEVERAL
THOUSAND
HARES,
Owning more CHAM-
PIONS and PRIZE WIN-
NERS than any other SIX
breeders in America.
Our twenty- five import-
ed bucks at stud are headed
by the
Fains Lord Britain,
Champion Dash,
Champion Golden Rule,
Champion Me of Cheshire,
MYTnrtnn Score 96. highest
MOD, sx n "" "°°°"' i
Banlmry Star.
We are the owners of
CHAMPION PALACE
QUEEN, CHAMPION
BANBURY QUEEN and
hundreds of fine, high-
scoring imported does.
30 DAYS'
DEALERS IN MD BREEDERS OF BELGIAN HARES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
Jf 1 W~ J_ t _l_ I n „/ B *
IMPORTER AND BREEDER
OF STRICTLY
High Glass Belgians
THAT WIN.
Importations Received Monthly.
1 352 Georgia St, Los Angeles, CaL
Young stock; from ChamploQ
Edinboro H booKed for deliv-
ery Juqc I, 1900.
ffl F&a»tBV'"at? ILoa>Ar4Q£i.e3,CAL'.1 Loa>Ar4Q£i.e3,CAL'.
I BLUE RIBBON RABBITRY ?
I Breeders of High-grade %
I Belgian Hares . . . . ?
° 504 WEST ST., Los Angeles, Cal. o
0 o
1 Owners of the Famous Bucks. LORD TXTKON. LORD SALISBURY. DCTCE OF *
o YORK JR. (score 94^). RED JACKET JR. (scor* 83%). Hay« a f«w -nrj chote* o
| Britain Bucks for sale. One 8 months of ace and a perfect gem. $75 take* him; h« 4
° 1b worth double. One < months; grand shape and aa red aa «. fax; this one »oes for °^
? J5O. Ons SIR STYLES, score 92%; prica $35. One Yukon. «cor» it: prle« J*>. On« J
? Kitchener, score 92; price *30. One Kitchener, score W-i: prlc* $29. One Britain Buck.
' score 90: Drlee S2O. These bucks are all over six months of ag-e. Any on* of th«m (J
f worth double the orice asked. Does bred to above bucks from 17 60 n». Write at *
o once if you want to secure any of the above bargains In bucks. o
? Send for treatise on Breeding, Management. Diseases and B«me4le*. and Bow to o
o Cook the Belgian Hare. ¦ ?
? o
O ?O-»-O-»-O-»-O-» O-^ O -•- O-*-O-*-O-*-O«-O«-O-*-O -*-0-*-o**-O-*-o'*-0-*- 0 ¦*. O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O ¦? 3-*-O
s>
*£&*
<£
S
26INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY ..... APRIL 8, 1900
Mayflo-wer vs. Belle Claire*
Palmflower vs. Battleship,
and Victor Queen.
Besides an Open Stake of Crack
Entries.
P. J. BETXLY, Judge.
HATtBY MURRAY, Slipper.
Mission-Street Electric Cars direct
every five minutes.
INGLESIOE
INGLESIOE
COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
f<AT TTH/nDT A To-Nlght-Last Time.
LULU IVIm A. Willie Collier
THE LEADINO THEATER. ,n, n ..; A J^ SMOOTH"
Beginning TO-MORROW, Mon. Every Ttinle sat. Sunday
PHONE MAIN 532.
ONLY THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
Magnificent Production of Palmer Cox's
BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND
Same Cast and Specialties as Recently Given
at the California Theater.
MONDAY. TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY
EVENINGS.
Richard Walton Tully's Successful Farce,
"James Woberts, I.S.S. Boston."
Characters by Students of the University of
California.
THURSDAY AND FP.IDAY EVENINGS and
SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MINSTREL AND VAUDEVILLE
ENTERTAINMENT!
In Which l>» Students Will Take Part.
SUNDAY EVENINO NEXT, APRIL 15— First
Appearance of Our New York. Extrava-
ganza Company.
In a Costly. Elaborate and Beautiful Production
of David Henderson's Famous Version of
"AN ARABIAN CtRL."
Or ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra at All Mat-
inees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
EVERT NIGHT INCLCDINO SUNDAT. —
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED.
—THE FAD OF THE DAY.—
"QUO VADIS!"
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
CALIFORNIA THEATER,
j EXTRA! |
MONDAY. TUESDAY and FRIDAY AFTER-
NOONS. April 16th. 17th and 20th.
AN EVENT THAT WILL, LIVE IN MUSICAL
HISTORY.
THE TWO GREAT RUSSIANS,
IN JOINT RECITALS.
HAMBOURG,
The Young Siegfried "of the Piano.
PETSCHNSKOFF,
The Poet of the Violin.
Assisted by EMIL. LACHAUME. the Distin-
guished French Pianist and Composer.
Reserved Seats— soc. Jl. Jl s>), $2.
On sale commencing with Thursday Morning.
April 12th. at 9 o'clock.
Weefly Cell $1.00 dbt Year
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORA^ PARK.
SIXTH MEETING. April 9 to 21. Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week day
rain or shine,, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons steps directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glasa-lnclosed. where
comfortably housed in bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Towns?nd streets at
10:00, 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:13. 12:33, u-so
and 1:25 p. m.. returning immediately after
last "race at 4:45 p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing. Valencia street, 10 minutes later.
San Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:CO
and 4:45 p. m.
RATES — San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admission to track. $1.25.
W.J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
CENTRAL PARK, 25 S&'
TWO WEEKS, Beginning: Saturday, April 14th.
GENTRY'S »-g;:u.»
Trained Animal Show!
Lanter and Grander than Ever. Twice its
former size. Three Hundred Elephants, Ponies,
Monkeys and Dogs. Giving positively the most
unique and novel exhibition ever witnessed
under canvas. Representing the highest pos-
sible development of animal Intelligence. 75—
WONDERFUL ACTS— 7S. More startling and
difficult than ever performed by their human
prototypes In the sawdust arena. The fad of
the fashionables and an instructive Ehow for old
and youmr. A most moral and refined enter-
tainment. The cleanest and best dressed ex-
hibition on tour. . Admission — Children. 10c:
Adults. Jsc. Performance at 3 o'clock after-
noon. 8:30 night. See Grand- Parade at noon
each day. Show rain or shine.
TDE OLD MISSIONS.
The exhibitions of the twenty-one Franciscan
Missions painted by EDWIN DEAKIN will,
by universal reqjest. be continued from Mon-
day. April ». to Saturday, April H. at
THE MAPLE ROOM. PALACE HOTEL.
Cards at Maple Room and at Kennedy's Art
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
THE GOTLOBS. MLLE. ATLANTIS. ANN*
FLETCHER. THE KRAMERS. EDNA
THORN. BOGGS A HAHWARI>. THE
CHERRT BISTERS. NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES. :._'
? SPECIAL I
Balloon Ascension
THIS AFTERNOON.
Spats by Telephone, Park 23.
OPEN STAKE
....0F....
84-NOMINATIONS44
$1000— PRIZE MONEY! — $1000
MUSIC BT YON DER MEHDEJTS BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE:
I>ave Third and Townsend street* 11 a. m..
II m. and 1 p. m. . Trrtnty-flfth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning at 4:45
p. m. and after last course. San Mateo electric
car* every six minutes.
ADMISSION/ 23c LADIES FREE.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, AP2IL Bth,
HAMPION
The
Big
.Fun
Show
FAREWELL
T0-
NIGHT.
LAST
OPPORTUNITY
TO HEAR
AT THE
CALIFORNIA
THEATER.
LORD ESSEX, imported, fee |15; Teddy Roose-
velt, winner first prize L. A., $15; Britain
Prince, own son of Lord Britain, $10: Dandy
Styles, own son of Sir Styles. Imp.. $10; Kil-
dar« imp.. $5. High-class does, from $10 to
$75 (bred): also grand bucks for sale. F. E.
MASON. 1710 Everett st., Alameda, Cal. Vis-
itors welcome, except Sundays.
THOROUGHBRED
PEDIGREED
BELGIANS!
P1RI "
y a \J9 U » w H "^r
B B W Kb? &— b
List FerfirmuM TO-SIGHT tf
•'MANILA BOUND"
and ComsiKickg With poR
then TO-MORROW seven
CO J ES EVENING, Nl ££ S
MUSICAL Balfe's Beautiful SATURDAY
TREAT! Ballad Opera MAHNEEI
A2ITTSEMENTS.
BELGIAN HAKES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
BELGIAN HARE RAISING
DOWN AT LOS ANGELES
Thousands of the Pretty Animals
Are Owned by People in All
Walks of Life.
LOS ANGELES, April. 6.— Los Angeles
has now become the acknowledged center
of the world for Belgian hares. Thou-
sands of them aro being raised by people
In every walk of life. The professional
man and the merchant, as well as the
laboring man, ar© reaping bountiful har-
vest In the way of profits from raising
this prolific little animal. Demands for
fine stock have been so great during the
past year that no person can afford to
raise meat stock for the market, and
while the Belgian hare industry may In
the distant future resolve itself Into a
meat proposition, it Is far from It now.
and at the present rate of progress It will
certainly be several years before this
country is supplied with fancy stock.
Belgian culture Is certainly a lucrative
business, and the intelligent person who
will invest a few dollars in first-class Bel-
gians will find his money doubled and
tripled in a very short space of time.
However, the great mistake made by the
beginner Is that he expects to procure
good stock cheap, and of course that can-
not be done, because standard Belgians
are a staple article of trade and are worth
high figures, and an offer to sell standard
stock at less than from $25 up Is a delu-
sion and a snare, although very good
second and third grade etock can bo
had at from JlO to $20. An ordinary $10
do« bred to a cheap buck will produce
the cheapest kind of stock, only fit for
meat. But a $25 or $35 doe, bred to a high-
class buck, will produce youngsters that
will sell at from $25 to $150 each, and by
breeding up further one may produce
prize winners from the product It costs
slightly more to start with good stock,
but the profits are ten times as great.
Notwithstanding the attractive advertise-
ments In Western papers of good stock
cheap, the purchaser is only safe In deal-
Ing with a reliable breeder (not a com-
mission man), who will make affidavit to
pedigree and guarantee every animal he
ships. If he Is honest he will fill his or-
ders with better stock than If the pur-
chaser be a novice and on the ground to
make a Belectlon upon his own Judgment.
The Belgian is a cleanly little animal
and needs but little care or attention and
It Is especially noted for being able to
live and multiply on small rations, but
will amply repay any one for gouu ea.it;
and good hutches. Opinions vary consid-
erably as to the best kind of hutches to
use, but the writer has found it most suc-
cessful to build hutches Indoors, and, if
possible, on board floors, giving not less
than from 2x6 feet for each animal and
more room If convenient. The hutches and
runs should be so located that the hare
may be well protected from dogs, cats,
storms, drafts, cold night winds and es-
pecially sunshine, for sunshine will fade
their coat so as to make them unsalable
and unattractive. At the same time the
hutch must be cool enough so the animal
may not suffer from the heat In summer.
Each breeding hutch must be supplied
with a nest box at lea^t 12 inches high and
wide and 20 inches long, with an entrance
at one end 6 by 8 inches, and that to be so
arranged that it may be opened when ne-
cessary to look In. When the little ones
come keep them covered with the hair
provided by the mother until they grow
their own coat.
A mistaken Idea generally exists in ref-
erence to the feeding of Belgians, and It
Is true that more hares are killed and
ruined by the wrong kind and an over-
supply of food than is lost by disease. The
writer finds by years of experience thai
it is best to feed rolled oats in the morn-
Ing, a very little green food or carrots
at noon time, the carrots to be fed lib-
erally if the doe is nursing; rolled barley
should be fed In the evening, and a very
small amount of dry alfalfa or oat hay,
especially to the growing youngsters, but
the brood does may have all the hay they
will eat. But hay makes the youngsters
potbellied and destroys that racy appear-
ance which is so desirable. Youngsters
from birth until two months of age should
have little or no water, and if any at ail
it should be warm, placed In their hutch
until they take a drink and then removed;
after that age they may have all the cool,
fresh water they can drink. Hares should
never have food lying before them all
the time and should have only what food
they will eat up clean.
CLIFTON AXTELL.
Secretary* of Los Angeles Belgian Hare
Club.
Week Commencing *w su.vDAY MATTNEE. Apm slo.
A BILL OF ALL-STAR FEATURES!!
--bobSY^gaylor--
America's Favorite Comedy Star. Greatest Dialect Comedian on Earth.
DE^ORRESTS
Famous Parisian Whirlwind Dancers.
emp/rFcomedimfo ur
One of the Strongest Musical Comedy Combinations Ever on the Coast.
- - - STSIEBBINS - - - ' ? ;
j'-:;. l'ij The Most Comical Comedy Conjurer In the Country.
MA TThEwS^AND^IARRIS
In their original comedy sketch. "ADAM IL"
HARRY COGILL and^XYARLEAJ^AjST^ris/f CPffCliO
Character singers and dancers. I The singing comediennes from Drury Lan*.
Last Week of 1 I R I J I I I C The Wonderful J CARRIE OEHR
the Renowned At Li UUILLX Tenor Robusto. j Character rocallst.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday). April S-Parquet Jse. any seat; balcony 10c: chlldrenlOc, any
psA A few front orchestra rows (reserved). SOc; front rows ot balcony (reserved). 25c
fi^pSS^ BEGINNING TO "*'2 r !*? IV "*/* 9th.
¦yfi^TjffV^ ls^ I ...MONDAY...
/fy't &H& V\ — MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY —
/^L'llt&K^ -iftU FOR A LIMITED ENGAGEMENT.
bffik P^T aB\\ Messrs. B. H. Friedlander & Co. Have the Honor to Announce the
/p/ff% \ IV. / V l\ Initial Appearance in San Francisco of
Hi,f M«- JAMES NEILL
f irfcjJu iM \ And tne Incomparable
il rnrkm neill company,
r kvi\ Presenting an Exclusive Repertoire of High-Class Successes
Sf SK V^ FIRST WEEK BEGINNING MONDAY, APRIL 9th.
!^wv\ 601 Smlth Russe ll ' 8 Greatest Comedy Success.
1/L A Bachelor's Romance
II * \\\ * First Presentation of This Famous Comedy in This City.
/.'I 1 V Written by Miss Martha Morton.
jj, L, With MR. NEILL as DAVID HOLMES.
~M* VV». LAVISH SCENIC COUNTINGS.
•hv\ Vv« "I take pleasure In commending Mr. Neill and his company."—
Vtifs) \g V S. Senator Cushman K. Davis.
JtV' W?L "Those who fail to see Mr. Neill and his company will miss a
£/ rare treat." — Governor John Lind, Minnesota.
"** RECORD— 2 years in Cincinnati, 1 year in Denver. 7 conseca-
•nrß K-FTT.T. «. tlve months in St. Paul and Minneapolis. 72 consecutive perform-
DAVID HOLMES. anceB in Los Angeles, 2000 performances In the Twin Cities.
EEE our display ad on opposite page and photo
of LORD EDINBORO In supplement.
600 head of imported and thoroughbred Bel-
gians to select from.
Few grand specimens thoroughbred pedi-
greed Black Belgians, bred to our elegant
black buck. "Senator Douglass."
Full line of hare supplies, "hay racks, self-
feeders, rabbit Jars, eelf water feeders, liter-
ature, etc.
BAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO.
SAM C. HAMMOND, MShager.
. Office, Bpreckels Market.
Rabbltry. 1015 Bhotwell eu; open daily until
I p. m.
WE refer the readers of The Call who are in-
terested In
BELGIAN HARES
to our display advertisement in this issue and
also to the illustrations and article elsewhere
by our Mr. ChaDman. mm
MEADOW BROOK BELGIAN HARE CO.
Largest establishment of Its kind in the
world. $31-533 Grand aye,. Los Angeles, Cal.
Bend 5-cent stamp for our souvenir cata-
logue. '•Tells you all about It."
KING STYLES; perfect color and form; come
and ccc him; fee to selected few, $25.
LORD LYTTON. fee $10.
The demand all over the State Is more strong
every day for line Btock. We carry strains
from the very choicest Imported bucks and
does from England; fully pedigreed and guar-
anteed. We Invite your inspection. A few
fine bucks and does for sale. London Belgian
Hare Co., 844 Powell st.
BURT D. HURD. 70« CorUaad ay*.; tele-
phone Blue 1554.
BERNAL HEIGHTS RABBITRY.
Importer, breeder and shipper of fancy Bel-
gian hares: Barr, Plymouth Rock and Ke-n-
nels from the beat strains In America; pedi-
greed stock only. Bernal Heights Rabbltry.
the home of the famous buck chief, Youkon
(imported); son-ice fee $10. Take Inglesld*
can to Cortland avenue, San Francisco.
LOOKING FOR BELGIANS?
High-bred, fancy creatures from prize win-
ner* in England and America; heavy-weights
and fancy pedigreed stock. Then correspond
with or visit PITTOCK'S BELGIAN HARE
RABBITRY. Elmhurst, Cal. (Prince Britain
and other choice ducks at stud.)
MERRILL'S RABBITRY. «
12*0 A Georgia at.. Los Angeles. Cal.. headed
by PRINCE ALBERT, an English winner;
fee $10. When you purchase does In Los An-
geles instruct your dealer to have them bred
to PRINCE ALBERT before shipping and ad-
vise us of such Instructions. Fine stock for
sale.
The Gem Sung by
of All a Great
English Cast of
Operas!! Singersll
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
We Produce oq APRIL 16th. or; a Sc^to of
Superb Magnlflceoce. Franl< Daniels'
Farnsus Comic Opera.
"THE WIZARD OF THE NILE"
Reserved Seats on Sals To-Morrow.
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
OLYMFIA cEKM&i.
THE ONX.T FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW D<
THE CITY.
THE BLACK~BARTONS,
The Biggest Hit of the Season.
ALICE RAYMOND,
America's Greatest Coraetlat.
THELMA WINFIELD,
First Appearance of the Celebrated Vlollalat.
TRIXEDA,
Last Week of Tola Marrel of Beauty.
-MLLE. THELMA,
In Poses PlasUquea.
And Our Celebrated Stock Compesj.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FiUDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
LOOK OVER THIS GREAT LIST OF TOP-NOTCHERS:
CARROLL JOHNSON. FRED WARREN.
RICHARD J. JOSE. THE LUKEN BROS.
WATERBURY BROS. 3-MARVELLES-3.
AND TENNY JOHN P. RODGERS.
mMS^mE^ THE STORMING OF SAN JUAN HILL.
Prices— 2sc, SOc, 75c, $1.
PISCHER'Q
A CONCERT HOUSE
122 -f 24 O'FARRELL ST.
E. A. FISCHFR Prop
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall la America.
The Best Orchestra in the City.
OUR TIME TABLE:
»:OO— AUGUST HINRICHS' SUPERB OBU
CHESTRA. ' » -;
I:2O— SIGNORINA PUERERL
B:3S— SENORITA SALVINL .
9:O7— BABY RUTH. _^
9-23— SIGNORINA POLLL'I TINT.
9 33— SIGNORINA BARDUCCI.
10-17— DUET— VARGAS-SAL VtNL
10:24— BABY RUTH. •
11:00 to 11:45— "CAVALLERIA RUSTICAJTJL"
MATTNEE TO-DAT.
10c ADMISSION 100
FAMILY RESORT-EL CAMPO.
OPEN EVERY SUNDAY.
Fortjaftve minutes' ride on the bay In that
large, magnificent steamer. Uklah. Dancing,
bowling, fishing, bcatlnjr. plenty of shade, re-
freshments, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adults. 25 cents for the round trip. Including
admission to the grounds. Children between
6 and 12 yean of age 15 cents.
Leave Tlburon ferry, foot of Market street.
10:30 a.' m.. 1:15 and 4 p. m. Leave El Campo.
12:45. 3:15 and 5 p. m.
BAY ANH BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR O.S.UAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 945
a. m. ; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nieht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., g
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IKS.
FARE .'. 60c
GULDEN ROD RARI'ITRY.
We hay* 42 <".om. 3 months and over, from the
?J25? C X Kno^sland Prince. Yukon, Prince
Albert. Gold Bug and ethers. We have 7
broeSinß does from S!r Styles and oth«Ts.
Price? frcm J2 U) un. Our Btork healthy and
well oefilrreed. R. C. THOMPSON & SON.
1315 Wnt Jefferson et.. Los Angsle*.
gNAPS— Ftock 20 per o»nt less than market val-
V.7? J?I lT ? AT t BRITAIN BELGIAN HARK
CO.. V.JZ feouth Main et., Los Angeles. Cal.
I HAVE Britain. Banbury. Sir Styles ar.d other
•tock. at right prices. E. E. PARSONS P O
box £3. Los Angele*. Cal. •«¦"•- w. a. r. v.
AMERICAN LINE.
rSTT YOEK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABXftV
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis .April 11 St. Louis May 2
New York April IS New York May 9
Sf. Paul April 2.1 Bt. Paul ...May IS
RED STAJ* LINE.
New YorVcod Antwerp. -
From New York every Wednesday, . 12 noon.
Southwark April 11' Noordland ......May 2
Westernland ...April 18 Friesland ..May 9
Kensington ....April 25) Southwark ......May 18
LMPIRt LINc.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings June 30, July 31, Aug. SO.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight ¦ and
passage apply to -
INTERNATIONAL 'NAVIGATION CO. 1 .
SO Montgomery Bt.. or any of its agent*.
THOROUGHBRED pedigreed Belgtan hares-
popular ftralns. Britalns, Sir Styles Yukon
etc.; all prices. TIDAL WAVE RABBITRY*
131S Park tt.. Alameda.
THE L. AND L. RABBITRY.
»a West Jefferson street.
_ Los Angeles, Cal.
We >-.-¦.<¦ a lot cf fine pedigreed does, bred
und unbred, of a.l! the noted . strains; also
feme very fine thoroughbred "young stock,
from 2 to S months old. In doca; Lord Kitch-
ener bucks. Special attention given to out-of-
town orders.
+ The Call's Easter number in
especially selected colors will +
~t be out on Easter Sunday, April . +
+ 15— and it will be a gem!
PACIFIC Rabbltry. 2641 "Mission et.— Keep
constantly on hand a fine collection of all
the popular strains of thoroughbred Belgians;
breeding does a specialty. We are gelling at
Los Angeles prices. Open Sundays.
ItEDFERN RABBITRY. 1735 Wert Twenty-
fifth at., Los Angeles— High grade Belgians at
low prices; shipping a specialty, and satisfac-
tion guaranteed; write us your wants and re-
ceive Drices and free booklet.
BELGIAN hareji— Farcy stock on sale; bred
and unbred does from tIQ to $100; young pedi-
greed stock on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence noliclted. Pajaro Valley Rab-
bitry. P. O. drawer D, Watscnville. Cat
SWISS RABBITRY,
774 Clanton et.. Los Angeles.
A- HAMMERLI. Proprietor.
I am one of the eldest breeders and a char-
ter member of the Los Angeles Club. This is
the place to get your pedigreed and acclimated
stoc*, from the strains of Sir Styles, Yukon,
Banbury and British Sovereign. Most of my
Etock h> sold before it is 6 weeks old. I now
have stock of all ages, from 2 months up.
Prices— From 1 to 3 month* old. $3; 4
months. {;. Does old enough to breed, or
bred, from SS up.
Corre«pondenc« solicited. Order* filled
promptly.
BELGIAN EAEES.
HE PET STOCK TRIBUNE of Lcs Angeles.
CaL, ;« the itadir.g authority on the Belgian
hare Sn this country. a"3 hae done more to
exj: 'it its economic value than any oth#r
..-.-¦ publication. Its contributors embrace
the ifaiir.g judges, breeders and fanciers of
IZurcpe i^id America. In its ilarcn issue 16
1 ut:;she<s an exhaustive article on the Belgian
Hare, by Judge P. E. Crabtree of D«nvcr; a
t::r.<-!y contriijuticn on the Belgian Hare Score
Card, by E. W. Grafcam; The Belgian Hare
Ra-ttit ty J. F. Willty: while in the April
cu:r.r*f it given The Evolution of the Be:g:aa
Hare by Cfcarles Darwin; The Natural His-
tory cf Hares anJ Rabbits, bjr Harry S.
Budd; The Proposed National l*elgian Hare
6tud Bock, ty Ernest Wilklns, t*sid»>6 timely
articles on bre*u;ng. feeding, management
and a ger.eraj review of doings in the reaim
of fur and feather; frcm 10 to 64 ?s!2 p&g^s
of matter. sumptuously illustrated, each
racnth. showing what standard-bred stock
really is. Terms, 5 cents per copy; i 0 cents
j*r year. Subscribe to-day and get correct
•-.'¦- -rratlon on thi* new Industry- No free
tarn- lea Afliress THE PET STOCK TRIB-
UNE 11SC North Main St.. Los Acgeles, Cal.
WILLEY'S BELGIAN RABBITRY.
Write for particulars. 1223 East Eighth «t.
Los Antcles.
A. H. BISHOP. J24 East Fifth St.. Los Angeles
—Breeding does and young stock for sale 1
Black Beirians a epedalty.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
THOROUGHBRED Lord Banbury. Klondike
Nurget and Red Rover etock: reasonable:
write for particulars. J. EDLEMAN. 127 San
Pedro St.. Los Angeles.
COMPAONIE GENEBALE TRANBATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -vsx».
Sailing every Thursday instead of <£TiTlrV
Saturday, from November 2, 18S9. at <w *»»»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton St.. L'AQUITAINE. April 12; LA GAS-
COGNE. April 19; LA TOURAINE, April 26:
LA BRETAGNE, May 3. First class to
Havre. JCO and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Becond class to Havre. $43- 5
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 ' Broadway (Hudson bulldlnc). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Paclflc Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
FOR SALE— Standard and heavyweight hares-
choice young stock; save commissions; buy
direct. . For prices address UNION RAB-
BITRT. ltel "tt est Eighteenth «t.. Los Angeles.
Ball!< rla Honolulu and
)Zm Auckland for Sydney
¦ .^--— S. w «dnesday, April 18,
¦ Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Famoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; JOlO first class.
1. D. SPH£CKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomen
Piar 7. Foot Pacific St FreichtOtflce.32? Market St
W. S. BENDER. 123 West Third St.. Los An-
geles— Fine stock thoroughbred hares; all
»S«>s; no fancy prices; correspondence solicit-
ed; satisfaction guaranteed; refer to Califor-
nia Lark.
Park Music To-Day.
"Concert Overture" Kallawoda
Selection from •The Singing Glrt"..V. Herbert
Intermezzo from "Friend Fritz" Mascagnl
"Dans un Reve" Camomile
{Solo for oboe. C. Dlckm.in.)
Fantasia from "L'Africalne" Meyerbeer
"Un Concert Sous B.ols" Maye
Trombone solo, "The Holy City" Adams
L. Klotz,
Hymme, march and dance from "Alda".. Verdi
Descriptive. "In a Clock Store" Orth
"The Patrol of the Oregonian" — L. A. Stone
••Absent.
The second half of the tournament will
be played next Saturday on the Presidio
links, both clubs being represented by
substantially the same teams .
A. A. -LORD BRITAIN'S Best Rainier, sired
by the famous Lord Britain; genuine rufus
red in color; pedltreed docs for sale bred to
these fine bucks from $10 up. DEVONSHIRE
RABBITRY. 1021 Capp st., S. F.
FOURTH-AVENUE Rabbltry is open for busi-
ness; Yukon and Britain, Duke Branbury and
Lord Roberts ttrains; Yukon Buck. Earl Brit-
ain, ltomaunohe second at etud. 214 Fourth
aye.. near California et.. Richmond, San Fran-
cisco. Cal. GODDARD. BROS.
DON'T GO TO LOS ANGELES
If ran want to pay good prices for cheap
Etock; we have some In that car we received
Uft week, to sell you at one fourth the price
others are paying; and If you want to tee
fancy stock we can show you some at reason-
able price*. Look us up and ccc If we are re-
f-por.sible for what we cay and pedigrees we
write. Reference, Central Bank, Oakland; E.
B. Camx.bell and J. M. Hatch.
713 East Twelfth st.. East Oakland.
BELGIAN TTAUEa.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave Broadway
W^ wharf. Ean Francisco:
T**»,, For Alaskan i>orts— lo a. m.,
PJM!?*Sk April 11. 16. IL 16; May 1.
|7J^jHf^M^. Chance to company's steam»rs
t<C^Sas\^a For Victoria. Vancouver (D.
cfcaaCw^gsM C), Port Townj'ad, S«att!<\
/ Tacoma, Kvrett. Anacortes
. *nd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
10 a. m.. April 11, 16, 21. ZB;
May 1, and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. April
14, 19, 24, 29; May 4 and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cnii. Monterey, Ban Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San I^uls Oblspo), Gaviota.
Santa narbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m., April 9. 13. 17, Jl, 2S, 29; May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obirr-o). Santa Barbara. Port Loa
Angelen and Redondo (Los Angeles)— ll a. m.,
April 7. 11, 15. 19. 23, 27; May 1, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Macdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the rleht to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of Falling,
without Previous notice.
TICK.XT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta..
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PRESIDIO GOLFERS
DEFEAT OAKLANDERS
A bright sun was shining and a keen
northerly wind blowing yesterday after-
noon on the Adams Point links when the
second home and home toVirnament be-
tween teams of the San Francisco and
Oakland Golf clubs began. In the first
round, over nine holes, match play, the
home team had the advantage, scoring
nine holes against the San Francisco
team's four, making the Oaklanders five
up. John Lawson was two up against
E. R. Folger. but C. P. Hubbard, F. 8.
Stratton, w, P. Johnson and G. D. Gre.en-
wood scored against their opponents from
the» Presidio, while H. E. Knowles and E.
J. McCutchen tied. IL D. Pillsbury of the
San Francisco team was absent and for-
feited two holes to the Oaklanders. But
In the second round the visitors from the
city improved their play considerably, S.
L. Abbott Jr. scoring two up against C.
P. Hubbard H4 B. Goodwin being one up
against "W. P. Johnson, J. W. Byrne tielng
with F. S. Stratton. E. J. McCutchen
scoring four holes against H. E. Knowles,
R. B. Gaylord three against R. M. Fitz-
gerald and Charles Page four against G.
D; Greenwood. The San Francisco team
thus scored 14 against the Oaklanders' 0
in the second round, or 14 up. As the Oak-
landers were five up in the first round. San
Francisco was nine up on the eighteen
holes, and two holes Deing deducted for
Pillsbury's absence, the city team won
seven up on the day's play.. The full re-
sults are shown in the table;
BELGIAN
HARES!
THE THOROUGHBRED
BELGIAN RABBITRY,
92<i GEORGIA ST., LO3 Angele,
OAT_i. f
Is not the oldest or the largest rabbltry
In the United States, but w« have come
very choice matured, fully pedigreed
BELGIAN DOES, which we will breed to
the famous BUCK, "PRINCE YUKON."
from prize winners and champions, both
sides. Correspondence invited. The prices
will please you.
-DO YOU WISH
BELGIANS?
We Have What You Want.
Every breeding doe In our Babbitry scares
ever r.lnety-three pcints by Mrs. Bush. What
more do you want?
WE roVT BUY CULLS from back-door
ootflta, but import and breed the etock we
crer for tale. Etock elred by FASHODA.
FASHODA CHIEF, FASHODA BOY, LORD
BPJTAIN. LORD LURGAN, SIR STYLES,
TRINIDAD. WATTS DALE, ETC.. all lm-
jjorted.
Your-gstem red all ever. $5 up. We use com-
mon tens* shipping crates. Reference Los An-
gt>« basks.
GKiMSY RABBITRY,
SOI E. TWENTY-THIRD STREET,
Los i-ir.gcles, Cal.
BREEDERS AND SHIPPERS OF
STANDARD BRED BELGIANS.
We hare all grades of etock. and at prices that
make and keep customer*.
GOOD PEDIGREED DOES, red front feet.
C months old. $10 to $15; bred to either of our
fine bucks that will give you large, elegant
youngsters.
UNBRED DOES. GOOD PEDIGREES, good
front feet, for $* up, according to quality.
WE GUARANTEE SATISFACTION IN
EVERY INSTANCE.
We make a epeclal rate to those who buy In
large lots, and are In a position to give a
fine selection of good breeding animals of all
ages.
Correspondence In regard to every phase of
the industry cheerfully answered.
B--y them asd etart right 5a this business.
Tou "do net have to get fancy priced asiznaU to
to tfcU. Breed your i.->es to our
SIR BANBURY OR RUGBY.
Doe* fcre<s to thesje bucks can be bought for a
limited tlrr.e for J^ each; two for $C 5.
We will *»11 you does trei to Lcrillard for
fT.EO. cr three for K3. We have a few fancy
buck's. Yukon strain. We can save you money.
Buy direct ct the Importers and breeders.
Correspondence solicited. For particulars
end cr.cet *.ddres»
ORANGEDALE RABBITRY,
US EAST TWENTY-FIFTH ST..
Los Armeies. Cal.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE HEADQUAR-
TERS,
10094 Butter Street.
BEATTY'S Belgian bunnies— Lady Helolse'e
young, lately exhibited at Owl Drug Store, for
sale; also black Belgian buck and does; ser-
vices pedigreed bucks $2 50. this week only.
21S^4 Golden Gate aye.. In rear.
SCO HEAD finest pedigreed Belgian hares In
State; acclimated to Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring 95; Etart right: booklet
and descriMlve list free. BRITAIN RAB-
BITRY. Watsonvllle. Cal.
GREAT WESTERN Rabbltry, t3i Blalne St..
Los Angeles — Thoroughbred does, well marked,
$5: fine matured bucks, J3 50: two very fine
Etud bucks for sale cheap; satisfaction guar-
anteed.
BARGAINS In Belgians— AH famous strains;
pedigrees guaranteed correct: mall orders
given particular attention. LAS PALMAS
RABBITRY, 4530 Pasadena aye.. Los Angeles.
MILWAUKEE Rabbitry. Rose aye., nursery.
Mills College P. O.— Standard Belgian haree,
both young and breeding does and bucks;
prices reasonable. T. G. ARMSTRONG, prop.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian hares from all the
greatest winning strain?. Champion Edlnboro
11, Lord Britain and others. Tremont P-ab-
bitry. H2S Sacramento pt. ; phone West 237.
VICTORIA RABBITRY— Headed by Palace
Royal, scoring 6 prizes; other bucks at stud
and for sale: does of all grades and strains,
bred and unbred. 1277 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd.
GLENWOOD Rabbltry— Thoroughbred Belgian
hares from $10 up: visitors welcome. 2245
Geary *t. : J. H. WRIGHT, manager.
PEDIGREED does with litters and young does.
$2 up: exprespape paid. W. F. ADAMS, 743
South Main Et.. Los Angeles, Cal.
PEDIGREED Belgian hares; 6 months old:
$12 60 per pair. Address ROBERT A. FATJO.
Santa Clara, Cal.
COLORADO RABBITRY, <09 East Twenty-
ninth et.. Los Angeles — Ereeders cf pedigreed
Belgians; i'ukon und Banbury bucks that
ecore well cj> in the 30' s. from 110 uy; does
frcm best etralns of Imported stock, bred if
desire* to our splendid bucks. Lord Edinooro
Jr.. Dam Empress Matilda (imp.), a chip of
the' old block; fee t!0; Loni Tennyson (by
British Sovereign), red all over and weighs 10
pounis.; youngster*. 2 months. $10 pair; S
rnir.thf, 11-; cot related. CorroEpondence so-
licited.
AT KENWOOD RABBITRY. 530 Fourteenth st,
Oakland, adjoining City Hall— Pedigreed Bel-
gir.n hares this week from $1 up; Emperor of
Norfolk on exhibition. Open Sunday.
H'PEKA RABEITRY.
Efta-bliehed over one year; SCO head cf Bel-
jriar.s to select from, bred frcm Imported
ftralr:s; also cheaper graties; stock all healthy;
eatiFfaction guaranteed: write for prices. W.
A. GALEIi. 5C9 West Eighteenth St.. Los An-
geles. Cai.
tkni stamp for "Belgian Hare Fancier."
THE 0. R. & ft. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOPt T 3L. XT ID
From 6x>ear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FAHF £ L 2L 2 / Irst 9'«f • InclufH C? BertH
I nnu S8 Second Class and Meals
COLUMBIA 5ai15........ April 8
Short Line to Walla Walla, St>okane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
BEGINNERS SHOULD BEGIN RIGHT.
INVEST JISM,
Ar.3 u-e will Etart you right by sending you
three rood-ped :greed does, bred to fine bucks,
ar.d a Caa buck; the four for SIS M. We sell
the b*£t for the money; write us your wants.
RIVAL RABBITRY.
V.ZZ East Twenty-seventh St., Lcs Asgeles.
MODEL RABBITRY.
Old and your.2 for «ale from all the best
straine. such .-.- Lord Edlnboro. Lord Lurgan.
Champion Fashoda. Yukon and Duke of Edln-
boro; writ*- for particulars.
GEOP.GE SOMARINDYCK.
2211 Vermont avenue,
Los Argeles. Cal.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner Flirt and Brannan streets In m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG,' calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and j Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. April 25th 1900
BS. AMERICA MARU.Saturday. May 19th 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June 14th 1900..
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market St., corner First.
•¦,-•».¦ W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
FOR SALE-Hlgh grade Belgian hares, from all
the b*-st Imported bucks In Los Angeles;
carefully selected. O. H. HEADY. 1801 lowa
et.. Los Anzeles.
OCCIDENTAL RABBITRY.
H2 East Twentj -seventh et., Los Angeles. CaL
Fine Belgians from the Ft rains of Lord Lur-
rar.. Lord Britain. Lcrd Banbury. French
Yukon, etc.; every animal that leaves our
place Is guarante«-d as represented. A hand-
some little booklet free for the asking.
LET us hear from you at once— Does from Imp.
Block bred to popular strains; Cayenne does
and bucks a jrpeciaity; cor. solicited. New
England Rabbitry. 1533 E 23d gt.. Los Angeles.
GENUINE j>ed!pre«d bred does best strain, at
etud Golden Hair, own «on of Sir Styles
service J5 GOLDEN HAIR RABBITRY. 36S
Twelfth, bet. Webeter and Franklin. Oakland.
COLUMBIA RABBITRY.
I!r«.den> and thirpers of hl&h-^lass Belgian
hare*; we altn to produce the best: every anl-
nal ieavlriE our rabbitry guaranteed to b*
Just as represented; stock frcm all the leading
•trains, and every one a thoroughbred: etate
about what you ar« willing to pay; we can
pl»e»e you. F*nd 25c for the latest and best
bock, "Hi* Lofich'p. the Btlpian Hare."
TERWILLKOEH & SPOOR,
3Q East P;co street.
Los Angeles. Cal.
FOR SALE— Beautiful does. Lytton and Liver-
pool strains; other fine oneß. T. LYTLE,
MR. J. N. MAKINS Is now In Los Angeles re-
newing the stock of our rabbltry- 1318 Mar-
ket at.. Oakland.
CHOICE alfalfa for Belrtaa hares. 20 Golden
Gate are.
DEALERS IN AND BREEDERS OF BELGIAN TTARTIS.
0.1-:-I-I-;-:..:..j-:-H..;..; ; :..m.;-k..;..;.m I I ¦:¦ :¦ ¦H-l-l-H-H-H-H-H I I I 111 Hl*H 1 *
I ch'cago CALIFORNIA — mi - l% I
j Belgian Hare Co. j
:: 312 Currier Building, Los Angeles. i:
jj Wholesalers of Belgian Hares, f
V. Breeding Stock Furnished In Large Quantities. j!
T DISCOVIVrs TO DEALERS. ••
oh M-i-M-R-v*': 1 : 1 : : : : : 1 1 1 1 1 nl l M' T !¦*¦¦: i h 'H'-h-h-h-h-h-o
Sif Si?
OAKLAND. oiSTI SAN FR' NCI SCO. SS 1
C C j C C
m_ ff
E. R. Folper i • John Lawson 2 •
C. P. Hubbard.... 3.. S. L. Abbot Jr 2
W. P. Johnson... 3.. ', H. B. Goodwin l
F. S. Stratum 1 • J. W. Byrne •
H. E. Knowles... •.. E. J. McCutchen.. • 4
R. M. Fitzgerald !R. B. Gaylord 2 3
G. D. Greenwood. 2.. ICharles Page 4
H. H. Smith IH. D. Plllsbury.. •• ••
Total 9 Total is
27•A3 F IIA-CISCO CALL.
£-•»:».__»s CTTZTK C. -_a E*a Fti —dm ee j
'*'. r— _— r.' JttrSr-t a_s TtSrS ss— <-j. cp_ ;
----rT 3 --'i>-fc •— cry s-r-J fes th* T*ar.
EHJIXCI 3 CFTXCES— £TT _-.stgt-_=«ry a-_e«'_ j
— W Car: csa_ e=_S *^J 5. ay
S~ HtT"* -rr»«t: c;<»_ r-r__U JX< p. ra.
C 3 _£Ar_KJ— r_re»rt; c?*-. ersa S.M 9. ¦=.
4_ :__-r :_ atrwrt; cpass _— 3 t_9 s* ss -
B-TJ K_atei i^r»et: cp*a e=-2 a p. a.
ST. K-tet .--«-, «*-» *-» -— s -» I
tc_: 1 t =.
ta E3*-#__ »•¦-»*¦•.; cpe_ _r_3 t s- s.
:a« v_«_c_ irjwt; e?— s c_._l ta. a -
_S ?•¦::_ street: epea kt" * P- = -
-=r_»-fr -,-—.«? Tw«r.ty-_e«=»4 a_i E*^>- ;
-yirT -*r>»-'-': -->-^ c-T-tr: t g. S - I
CHIRC'U SERVICES.
FTJurr Cec4— !x— — — — Chsne-t. wraeir P--«t aj_ j
i_*_ «—*<-_(— R— -. Oe^tt C- Aia— «, -¦ -' -
panacar, mO ;-•-- -_ at _^J_____?>si^S I
_ _... tSsecafc -ReA— sci-sc T_-«g= ¦ C*_*, :, •;
At T^* ;- — — -fc«— «. *"wr_*t Cco< rtxag *
I"_ ' L*»T" AS art r-_--A::r !_~ .ted. ,
OO.TABT# 1-jwaiiurU-i^Ctgr^ <«— "
Pra_ _-^i G«__t ¦_.—"«»"- «-~ »_?*? .
*. 9 pa—— &er»i— a at -1 a. =1 t^- __i
I -' .'--rr H. C Wt-tw, D_O4 _O pr*a—
_ „* -— fTTg ar-I tt« p_K--r Jr. the e-sesiag.
L-i »-._yr wsac -isearaa* _si Rsrcfc* ---^
• - xt— " A.; >j» ccrg-t^y fe~"- a '" .
TRINTTY Ci.-r_h. «—>-r E=f2i a_l OjCgS at_. ;
-Ti* &w. Frederic- W. <___s*O. D O . ne-
tcr. K-: j -ssrn«; »ay xa. M«xS=« s«rr- r
;; a =. Cr_S=* prajer. iJ~ *=- p*
re«.'T m_ gg_M— - ; \
BCV_3CTE _*T Afi-re__« Cterrt. W L*«--=a I
»-!-«(-_ bet 2tcA::_n«T _si-i O-jE_«b Gare a-re.— [
Pr«___* C_ «-t*__i at 7 » -sTcteek ty the f
-_nor _.c*r .'. O. C_r:iJW- Eo*>«. ' -—* •
"l^-t..\ cf C_S3_ a-^i Bcata Cs-loe ta'J_hej
1-;.-- ;-..-.! - * r-iriri. BOrßTtat. Cerpir—
i _S P=t ter -X-, bet. K-a.tr -r-J Or_i '
_t* .->'.•* r--ir_ fe^su-ft BSSie Cta*" _» JJ
a — . ¦ msbytsx. '..'¦ '-r.-- :'. kutsesrsa, ,
-..-'A7 *.'->-: ;-t ___-—_ at t_* sar_* fcecr.
-. t»y ev*_-ig _*e_* at • c rtoct. >—
: c
riFr. r-.-r z,^-* &_*=«• ct_-_— m. eT
* -_-_-.- Ltacs-— — • at :: a. m.; r^b- I
Tr^ W --pia; Eitry." Servl— _ «-r«ry =
'•.rti.7 at ?; — - 3oD«_» O* £*—:_,•.«?__
Kr«c_ brta-iata X_oi-/_ a_i Va_cart«.
j H «f ;er=s~C_r'j-. cf Latter I/iy Ss_2_i
-.-•t :: _ =- ---1 : c j. — . at Fr±}_x=.
-* -Carlcel at Pea-Car. Arrt! I. Eid-r
£ H D-trrlc- w-_: _ilr» *» _* e-re_=« _err - j
. • -£_-n _tet fcr ti* _*a_-" AU are wei- |
- - :r:=T M_»-.-._ fcr 7-.it r_— C*letrati-:_
- - •-. __.! «j-r_— ertary c; t_e __r»tty ct tie ,
- _ Tie E-pr. S. ScaoCa. ¦_-— ued ty t_
fyr. rt :.:-.r.:;:-_. I^r. J. R O_e"ih N-r-
— 1- _-.;; ire*.-.- cba __ive— arj acnacai it
boti. a^ien_>_s a_4 e-r«c_« servtoes Is _^*- •
f_t: r_i>rtt. "E_J_i_'a Mesaage ts _c
Vctll t—Z "~iat It Haa Accis- sMSeC."
M:r._.j TJT. .'i.p*_*»» »a_air. t** ai."! ajjcial.
• fvjr Ctaa F. Or-*t*r. Ztz^.7 "~ ar.
Baya a_: r.-_r,cr a-_-_t wt_ pTTtrlyTa, Ad-
B___e fre* A_o iesx_-* T--.«_t_y til
T---r»-_y. > g. s=-
TEEO^PKICaL £— lety— P-t"ls >ct=re every
«¦¦— ..lay e-.e-:-ur at I <fcl*r~l '-=• Ti*^s— «
lU_;. O-i Fe^-^-s b:-i*. Ta-c'^-t. T f_*-~- i
_r_£ VScartooa Av.r>e-_u^__," _y Mr. »••— . I*. I
l^_c*y. G-.1-*- -¦___ at Ua- ~ -
___T-sG_— - M—OAV.
£-— AJCZ v:v__A>'Ay_)A w-._i '.etrrsre t.>_y. ¦
ArcSJ * t p..p — . . C— k— Bqsazc Kail. _ p-_« :
at_; acifeet. :» tb* V*«_ue_ PMI, i-gi-r — * -
rear* ;-^.uc:c-.r* Mr. A_fr«-J r*_i __j
t-^ tie oSerUST. Every c=* wei<xr_*. -r-e
B— as-- wt;: g-.-re a coeraa cf httuw at VTaa-w
tacin BaO. P&« «t-. Mi_iiy. Aprfl *.
3 Ma— 7, ApsTfl ->. T_-:r*iay, *pr«| -t *_ =;
. -». trr. rw«ra_s«4 a_>4 Wwa-tprr' jj
•aeoad. "Fi— =al Wcra—^T: tttrfi. rX-nroeJcß
_.-- _we." Ai_ _t.-.^. !¦>:; cc^rte. f-
LH. KERGANE -act-re t__ e-re__«. t e'eioei.
lat Crrtta: I_U. Pyti__a C—rt^e. Xt Market
a*.; a-tt>est <ty re-j_est». "fei*-«-acicc«T ant a.
cr t** lioer I/> -r.i rrfJ«— r««
fey s__r_Soest -rlewi cf a r_3 t» A »*-_-__.
Ti«.»- attes.t:r.g _ij ;r->— re f— * t.-t<ru U
tie X-rar «__:t;t!c- at ti* Batitar.s-s. cst- ,
t*r ¦-.; V-'V-t ar-i _£i*-.r tta.. _«Xt T-_e»_st.y (
eTe_=g V&:-— .tary cU-ectica isr Fr>e ca_-g. ,
£Jx! MAX MUtEkX-ENBHUOH. — _-jw_*_ ;
• *.-. «— -r. _3 Ero—Jw ay, Ot_a_i. op-J
p<j»ite PtmSw; P_o_« ZCa.—; SU*; cJSoe
b— en . ; U '_ =. .. 1v- I¦: — -. except Wed.. •
irat. *-'.i _—*.; e--e. ty a;y>".--«Tt. li-jajre ;
B*J_<pC— C— i C3*/— -a.;-- r.x fi--r *i;ti._s ".f -^r-p-.-
e-a«-t ea .355 . w—i _*_r f _2__-e_t cp ti Jt=- .
__-?, a«», w_t be »ttt t-. a-? far Ie !_ ,
a-._r.-r^. -
-fACX 000-OC S are___r-_ V 7 pwe&er. :
w_Cl r.-.-ii f*rsv-i ti ti* Tai>»r_a.-.>. Cu-
ba- r*.i_j afv— .v._ _t 2 '.''S.-jCk. t_Z ~-J& ,
t '..*-. _jM'--->ri ty tis fatter a_-_ trotber.i
ac-i e-s«— r .r_jr_t s^-rxt we«_; 4->-— 111 1 c-pe_ at "
. c 1 in nnw at T:2&; e=.tra_i« cal
_>-»«rrt- «-•- '
_BCTX~aE --- "A l-rr-ec Goo.r ty l>--r.:_n_
F*.y x::j: »--!->« ty „:» SCtsa p_— »r cad
i'rt a::-* _ Cra--.'—. _e-r—^cCtaa Tesstie.
7 *-:»s-__g. A*rU t; _-•—» «.-pea I; _a-
atte 7:ii; i*ctt_-e ?-<_. ,
AT r-R. RI~E~ e-f.r:t-__ Evrfety. 1C» -arket.
11. lr**; J-*. IV; Mr*, fee*;*;-. V-g»r« *_-.c
«cbe— ; t**_; rptrttial ecsfen s— a. April 22
_ . .- :,.. -. v- -.-. _; i;:r.'..-J'j a-- :.---
v:f-l. ;
THE Me-;:-__- P— ."Jtct-ve Aa«-r_atl--a w.;! _r.;i
a gT-r^l teat a**so» at Oeci3*_tal HaTl. SZ •
I__r_.r. et.. &_ W»__e*dar ere__«. A«_ U. '
at T^S <-/_»_ A___€tin ;. :>:.
C. V. MILLER'S laat *+*£.'*. % p - r_: Me; «»
L*_venw'jrt_; »eav»a t*-avrr»»-. Par*. A -
C-e»s W. 3 be r Rse- Cc Me_l_^t-.-t.
CD_— rNrTN-3 testa t*stSi at MRS. EBER-
HARI/T6 Kail. 2Z/> -rwt_ty-s*cc_d «t.; sjkp- ,
t'ca >_-r:te-; 15c
il7 LARKIN— € j.. _=.. ¦—__'• '>*r t_»*t!r.g: Mea-
_t~>« W— _, Mil.er. Grifia. Gl__g__-; !
TOOd C-—T.C . j
MRS. BOZDAOSr, 1544 ICarket st.. CT7 T«Btb-= !
fi'ttlrg*; Cal!y; dnlt* Mssday aad Friiay ;
«->e=jcg«u ;
MME. YOUNO. «T5 McAU'-rter: -e-.-:_atr_ttc_ '
ef a-rxmsal ret_rs . to-clgit. IS-:; cewse. skep- ,
Oca i
MP-9 KEAL. apirttcal a_i _*ai:i4r tae<;:--_; i
i-es.*:r,r-i _v 4 tr*awS*s.t- daiiy. 24 ?!rth at- j
KATIE HE UEEMANW. :-J3"4 Hvwar!. sear rth I
—Circle — rt. «a__ac; sjlrttuaj reailiuc _Uy. I
M.R£. HARLA?.'_>. vxr_t •rte_ti-t. _ edfsa; I
t*rt circle t&- eight. !>:: read, daily. 1M Bixth. |
_RH — -rVCKEirrER, __* Clay— Circle W
-r-rt.t. t; To»-»<ay. J 5,. a.; eo-avltatlvca daily, j
1-Rfi. MENA r RANCUI^ l__e>e.-__«_* »-»:• j
wr:t'.r.g sr.e4!-;n. 11* Kalgtt «t. i
Mi;i:Tf 5C_ — C_J-r«rm_l Brotherhood. |
T IIF.OPOPinCAL Boriery !a Aaert-*, «'^ Mar- '
ket at. —^Lecture fz-Elrit, "Tfce Kleeo of j
L-eath." fey lira. U. H. S~ aers, 11. Cafes; j
I. It L. rat-aday eight: aubject, "B«-otheT- j
bood Ia B-slseaa." C_il_re_'a Lotaa group
P^r-'Juv 12 a. — ... rootn *). ¦
NEW CYCLE UNITY CONGRESS.
Three aeaaicna, Afai*— r of Hriesces Ilall.
ft_t_r-U.y, ApTil 14. 2 p. ra. Children's festl-
vaJ. free. •;..—.. Public tntertalncsent,
elaborate prorra— me: Her. day, April IS. c p.
— .. fcyEcposiarri, "Practical aad gpls-itua' Aa-
jt*~t* of T—fjacphy."
Mi;r;n><- xoticl-S.
OO_.r>E" GATE E_ca-t-— «t-r.t No. 1. I. ___-
I O F— Metr .bra axe hereby nctlf.ed
ta'asar—ble in Enramp-aest Hail BUN- !l|i
HAY. April X 1>«. at Ip. ra .. to attend NS^ ¦
_• faaeraJ of Patrtarci- J. V.'. W INTER.
WM. E. DUBOX3. C. P.
H C. CCOBGE. ficrlb-. j
OOLI'EX Gate Enfa-np— *nt No. 1. X. O. flk /•
O. F.— Mes-ters are bereby notified ,t» y '
ajiM-i-bie In Ersrajr. -iitr.er.t Ila'l TO- /V
i-AT 'SUNDAY-. April *. 1»»J%. to -t-X X i
t»«<l tie funeral of Patriarch J. W. WIN-
IXB. By ordT___ fc DCBOIfI c p
' n. C. GSORQg. Bcrlbe.
WALHALLA Er;ca-p— »nt No. 7, I. O.n> /*
O. X.— The officers and the funeral yf
ootmnlttee of the above eT.ca— pment VX
. _.— hereby n'/tified to aw-mlile. at '>ldX X
Kfcllo»-a' Ha!:, corner _arket and fcevecth
rta.. on EUN'DAT. AprU 8, at 12:20 p. — ...
to att*r»d the fur.eral of our late patriarch,
I>. ANGELJUB. fcr order.
<.HAB. QITAHT. Financial Scribe.
'.'ALIFORNIA I»d|re No. 1. I. O. --_*-•__.
() F.— ilernbers will atteni fu- -_f_7^S-
r.erml of car lat* brotfr-r. J. V.*. -A^-iafc^
WI.NTER. P. 0.. at the hall, ."™*«~
.UNI,--. April -^1-^3,%^ N , q
GOLDEN 'JATE Lodge No. r>4. L _^-_M_-^
O O. F— OTfleers tnd _r.ertb*rs : i_#_3s_^
Yot» _re beset- notJfi»-4 to a— em- -3S5^-^
bte »t our lodge— «— fi UN DAT -"-/'«*"
MORNING, ft o'clock cbarp. to attend the
funeral cf cur late brc/th«-r. M. PEYHER.,
LUTLEY, N. O.
r-IT>I_LITT Lodge No. 222, I. O. i ,
O. F., will initiate S car.didatea aSy'^gg.
Monday. Arril 5. ¦^st*^
N. M. P!rrKRSEN, N. G. •'«»•<*'
WM. E V.EJCUIIART. Rec gee.
IRISH Katlcnal'.rta— Kr.lgbts cf the X
Red Branch 00-r.-r.ltt** on picnic _f
srtU meet MONDAY EVENING. , *\_fr a» ;
April ». at K. R. B. Hall, to *h.
make arrangements for picnic to '
be :• . : at Ebell Mound Pax* »y*4# f
May «. '
CALEDONIAN Club.— Thirty-fourth » \f •*.
.•¦•.: r >.':.¦ r:- jr and Raises at *, c# y, J
hh»-II Mound P*rk. Berkeley, en tVXi*
WEDXEI-IJAT. May SO. co— prlalng
-.•'..<".' *-::--. feats of irtrength. manly
epcru ana many exciting eventa.
FItEE Jaetvr-s by 3. C. Gore on "Evolution of
Co-operation" before the Co-operative Broth-
erhood, at Scottish Hall, 117 Lu-kla at.. Tuea-
day c\ » r.l.-.j-. April 16
MXTETTXC .TOTICES.
CX_-.- FTlA£_li. Orier ef E=c___ A -C 7 >.
r*U_-_ — Ortnt ecsorrt — . _i of _ _ ?, _f k '.
_!_--_¦« a_S c-r-ca— » cf t_» BrsU-t "_____*
t»r^<i-» w_ ; tit* fa_ »3 ta ' tl vt ¦-*.—»
fcuri Afxitar. **--. Y. M. C. A. Halt csrz*r
''. V.iA'.- i- 37... 1 a_ , 65 MOSX>AT. A;-_
J r»tt. at I ; =- A rs_r-li _=*!eai ;r->-
g— _-:_« w-:_: r»-r-ier*2 irr prifeaaJvoaJ
ar_ru aad w^l i— rts-Ie all the latert Brtttta
war -— :r» ITfuaaai fcr the R— -. EUG_ NE
X- AVEKT a__ Z>r. F. ~". ¦r-Treiy-v. Oeseral
«.¦_ r— sr.-,n. Sic; r*»e*-Tti »----.». C TtsrJ ce_
a_ c re—irre^ aeatt — _y be aecire. at tie
c^—rt -/ ja T. 1! C a. j
ENGROS-KNG __
¦{!«•>: -t>i-a a_- «:pl— _ta a -rp*_aity. 3. VT.
<yr.'.»__ Hnlfi B_tla«t_i C«s{>ge. 14 P--«t i-_
j> jf,FM-: ~.'A>TEr;.
aO— NTS for a_ a_:-r~ :_S a*ef-:: atrnafi; t*«t ;
rrer !=.T»it»--: I— !» t_ per <ia.--; p«__SAe, ,
-*— rra— e=.t b_r_ *»«. Ca_ ca- — rue H__ci—l C_. !
Kfi feaa- r-. Otra-_ ;.
AGENTS "wart---— _-__:** or g*-;ts. tor a r»S :
M-:.*r an <— •— ti-e E— Lt_ Part~-_a~ 1 fcr »
tta— •:, 2^2 Grvra at.. rx.-_JX \
LAI»T ag— it*— li Tic wait the beat r_c_ey '
___*— i get tie H7geia E*.ec-rt: Coraeta *_i :
fki.-j; th* staciar. fcr 23 years. A_ire*» ;
Westerr C-.r»et Cc . gr !>-•-:'¦*. Ma. ;
"— > VT_T_>— >_ger-:# e-rerr»S-ere U s«;i «-'ir ItoAi I
Eaii— ay— *i : a Ofl Oi.. 23C Par-xt bidg . £. F.
GOOD r_r_>*_. g-»S prepo— Ubb: tail«« acd -
¦re --ji. Cr- <w _ PS/:1"> Et-s-lio. ;!»*- M— '-et at.
ASTRO LOG V.
JROF A MAiEP.Y cf.Egy-?-, irreateft aatrslc- I
gtn ari -»:=¦-:« ia the ¦mr.T'.i: »at_rlanic_i :
ATTOR>EYS AT LAW.
AOVKZ free, ''v-.r-:* Law * s-^-rt—'y: prtvat*; '
ejs '«• w ".;k-7ct .'•¦.tee-a: cs-Oectir-rs- G. W. 1
V.Z.-XT, «tt'y ¦»* !»¦». »3* Mirk**, en-r. St.-s^kra. .
•— a. £ nCBOZJBO9f. attir=.ey-a_.-_*; t»U- ;
ph— :e -.-a-fji 2i4- 4-> Kea.— .y «t. ¦
ADVICE; free; _.-., -harge _&iea« ti"**af-L "*• ! ,
W I«.v:r,SON. 2~ U-rrtt »•- . c;p. Mafc-^a. .
F X MEP-ZBACK. a:t-r_ey *t law, has re- ;
«-.-r*^ -Ta-rtig* tt yi Cal. rt.. Clarle tlfg. {
L f OAPJi r.r:-^a Fjr-Kicels t^r.. 127 Mar- \
BATH CABINET-HOT AIR VAPOK.
ROBINSCN C 4-pa_j-I fc T^:r.g-dacr 0-pens _-= 1
tr,i ta/> "a*, r. BROWN, ger- agt , l -*. _.:lu.
BOAEUUU * OK CiULJJILEX.
. . . -
GOOt> _.--=« Cor -re ~ =g girl tretweea tge erf 13 ;
ar.d :« ye*—: — a-t-iit.* c-^-rg'ri- _^_rt_« t^x
__r£.T~HTa ts-re _=a=»!l«: fe-a-t:.'-: srarie=s:
wT I fc'ani rh.'-_r»_.: re**-3ca&ie: "£~.ty **--_
ar!i j-ar^j !».-.-/«¦ B~ : r4i. Cali. Q-_— _-!. ,
PRIVATE tnae Car d_--reß. ! day to --S rear-.
ty w*-k cr &-ar.th: large t-ir__y yari; select
¦rj»tj_.tcrb!»J; Erv._jer*s care; kisierfart*:-.;
MEJ is—. ISJ4 Past, bet- Geary *~ featter.
LaL>Y -s--.Ji.~t ctlil t--> fc-vari: 2 t-> 4 yea.— : g»i
tc_e; rea^.r— l>. Bex t:tX. Cai: cff--e.
r.i"7i47__ -ear H/>-
•— A2.T E_>— : or 2 ___— 3 to boar.; G*— _a_
f_-T.:-7. 41*; ~rf__a st-
BOOKS-.\EW A*D OLD.
ECE ->".•_ -ESSriL- fc— ;g_t t^i «-:_a=ge-i-
— --->« ¦•>-,-, ¦-- r* M :«« ! '- '• r.»t- . -— i
BOOT AND IHOE BAiIOAIXs.
__BSAX3OI _ a^i _«___¦ ¦__! :
Cr— — B— ra* »i^j.:»s at =:_-i_r_r:-r--ra cii_ '
-* >:'.HLg~--::-:t:R. :c F:-=r- et-
BCSISCSI CHA.MES.
>.'-_v.— f Ar.r:.-;:;-- -.i— -.-.*:. -*^t 1— pcg I-
lar ec-f «cti -r^ry — ;i j:*— *_= -_Tg.; ¦»¦_:«- :
•— * __ reta 1 ?IRXDO A CO.. 2.^, Geary. I
A^CS^PAiiTNER; -=-rt-_« a_ii«.-:rage £«»J- j
-_>t.. t_>; =-A-_y. -CP-SD'V * CO.. 2r^, Gear?.
FTR. a T--"-'L__lS ai—eat-— ! •¦ c-rer th* bay. CeO_
ii_J :-tertit La t— .-urTer a-ui *xirea», «^.>;
» >•* t_c-^e»t l_ — i-r'f-.-rrrf bc_i_**_. IU- ; «/: :
«».:-p--ytig U*;-_cr s_re. fa_:iy t--_/it. r_>-
G_l-XAN-AM-:i-ICAN. JC*a,--7 f-
Ci^— p_?.T7«TH warit*.: rafh t-_'.ie*s; clears
r_ ;«r wee* ea^r-, _c right cr sr_>_ay —irk. |
COSMOPOI.IT AN AOSNCT. 2t O«^-.-y rt.
CSr»-FTNE 2Tery ar.l fe«l s_i!»: everyti.'^*
c~ _p>t*: -dears C*> per i__-.:h: r>«_aeaa j
e__« cf »a-e. ZONES fc CO.. «*¦ Market it.
_»-KOU£ '_*i"-ry I-jf aal»; l'>-» re-'.: r^:l~''-'.^
tor U,ij ta_«&*-i ¦•'— 1-^ a w«k ciear; tr_*
fcUTCKiaa- _i_rabs:
A _rrt-<_jEi bctcber «Sc9. <~ • ssptetery er-ij- '
•xrt. witfc rrfri4TtraK.T. at-'e. S--— wra, fi*lr— rry
carts. s_=rtter-h<-=»« aa*l *_>»; _ <__ of
ti* be«»: ?r'-"«^ eitass _ __« &!_:>; dotac a=
average retail c-_h t_r_«»# cf ».*< per day.
e__-_rre oi tie w_cie_t-e tr_-ie Parties——
of Jj-rV! E-stu O> ¦;-._— Zj+iat'-T *nt-
G. H- UMltag^J * -yj-. 14 M--tg:r-.*r y rt.
GVLT r/XTj will t— y 2 p_— T c_J-t.s <C a^rea)
„ rallTsrt-a; r»I wat.*r ngitj, ditch*-. .
cat_v ete-J r«ayte« weli at pr*»e_t: goU
c-c^tly Is sarceta from H ep; a** »_r.p.*s
be—*' rv«*J tr.> to exaciis* p— .perry &_ly Ili: :
'— x«r !it*re»le-J !s '.-Iher tfurirj** vsl cf !
Bute. A_S— «a box y^C. Call c&ie^ |
j>/-y->yT»;f} %£,-_& of * rtywui farsl-ix- !n sew
cak f _r=lt_re; rest t~ v«>; b-~ i*e f«li erf n-ath-
ly roc— *— t; four rwicai p*y »« over the jr*_t;
lry_*jeS _etwt*s Hyde -&4 Leaves wortn, three
t^k* f— — » Market; price CTi; Dfl agesta.
A-'tdreaa bex Ki*. Call office.
BCUXEM ntan. « year*" e'iper'.er.ce, ta open
t?s e^eige-rr.*t:t as rr.a--J«r«sr -/r pan c__-_ger
:_ t-'.} t-»«:.-.et«; wo_:-I Invent rrr_C» cap:tai tn
a ae<-— 4 _i?—r or >->'.n _ &_rtr.»r Is atar_r^ a
Ir—itaeia. M. H.. U- KT2. Ca:t- ;
MON— T to start or extend fcusineaa
I «-?n cl/taln charter for _r^i organize and
f.r__'.e e.r.y rellatSe -r.l_lcg cr Industrial cc— ,-
pacy. Cr.r_Mentlally. box j—C Call cfSce.
XSA — COAL aM wood yard; on account cf other
t-t!r.eM: value in st.-x.lc aru! teasns; trial
g:ie_; DO ager.ts. Apply between 1 asd t
p. r-i. to-day. 172 Sanchez st., near M—fket.
BARGAIN— Hay. rrain. wood and coal boaV
r.eas; est_t'i«hed 2S years; must BCO; will ex-
ctasge fcr city property- aasume — crtgage or
pay g'ffe— -r.ee in cash, ttcx 3CCS. CaU.
FOR aal* — Carpenter shop, at aai-rifice. ar.'.'.ur.t
Of sic-neea; stc<_. tools and good will; best
location la city. Apply en premif.e*. 127 Tcrk.
PAP.TV wanted to t'ay part Interest in paying
grave! __n r.o experler^e necesaary; good
chance fir right party. Addreea box i-'.-*2. Call.
PAIi"n.*ER wUh 13800 wanted for dairy; ad-
vertiser has gv>od alf&lfa ranch n«-ar creajn-
ery. Addreaa box 125.. Fretno. Cal.
ti»— CORNER grocery; no ber; new, clean
atock. Inquire at I'M Larkln «t., corner
B'jxh: r.o fegenta wanted.
ALL kinds store, saloon, butcher aad rs!llln-
ery ftxtiires. counters and shelving for sale
cheap. Vlt Fourth at.
FROM COO to tUOO to lnveat In some b-*j>in*-«-
partnenihlp no -jbjecttoo. Addreua box 27U,
CaU office. Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale; 4 revolving cha.im;
very (heap; owner Itavlrg city. See HEINZ,
«20 Market «t-
ISO— COMPLETE chicken ranch; bargain.
IFAACS Poultry Ranch, Upper Fruitvale.
fIX in.'Tß her ae, wagon and harness : In gooyi
w&rklwf order. SCI Point Loboa a*'e.
EIIOE ahep for aale; old established stand: en
account of li-ving city. Vf, Ed_y at.
A PICTURE-FRAMING and paper-flower busl-
peaa: fir^t location. Mim Polk at.
BUTTER. «rgs and delicacies; good stand;
paying business. IJS Sixth st.
SHOE buclnees; established ever 25 years. 4
Sa-mmer *t.. off Montgomery.
GOOD bakery for aale cheap; in the country.
Box 274«, Call office, Oakia*cd.
QUICK Rales Is our mctto — Should you wact to
buy, s*!l or exrhange any property or business
we are ab> to pleaae you In every respect.
BROCKLBHURST & MEGLADDERY. T.i
Market tt.
FOR tale at Loa ArgeJea— A "irell establiihed
saloon and rentaurart; size 20-140; centrally
located; (Jning a gr>od traslneis; elegar.tly fit-
t»-l ti& at a cost of 112,000; will be sold for'
V/ffr. haa lo&g lease and cheap rent; party
murt leave for different climate under d(xtor'<-
orcers. Address O. PETERSON. lIS South
Bprir.g rt., Loa Angelea. Cal.
WANTED— Partner in business «*tabl!»hed 24
years In Oakland; ray* from %VjQ to tVfi per
fnonth: XTTSfj capital re^-JireiJ. which will b«
fully secured by good real estate: no chanc«
of loss; roust be a business mar., competent
to keep books and collect bills. Call or ad-
dress EDWIN H. — "OODWARD. 11 Montgom-
ery tt.. S. F.
»2yo— OPl-ORTUNITY for two experienced
ftj-lc-.r.-Ti- n with SI/- 1 each to act as dlrectora
In a corporation already formed; bualneaa
established for years: fortunes have been
made therein; only active triinclpala wanted.
Address box Cll. Call office.
WANTED— To buy a fishing and hunting re-
aort; atate location and full particular-- as
regards lrn provernenta and Krbuf-.ds and lowest
r__b price. Write box 2X7. Call office.
BICYCLE repair *hep in Interior town of 20.-
"0 lr.habitaatr; lathe, tools, flxturea and a
nice tin* of rundries; a flrst-ciass business;
lnve«tia-te. Bex SC36. Call office.
JSW>— CORNER saloon: good transient trade; 8
Jiving rooms, all fumUbed; rent, with lease.
»ao. Box rai. can office. __^
CRAVEL mine for sale or work on shares;
house and tool* furnished. G. W. 0.. care
Eacramento- Call agent.
JMO-URANCH bakery and delicatessen store
for sala Box %U. CaU office.
STSIXESS CH__»CE_- CoßUaae-
I_ST TOUR ST CXI : !
«il/X).-t, CITT O?. COUNTRY R_A_ '
'."'.'.'.VTlTil iZZ .."... '. - j
I CAN e_LL IT FOR CASH - j
I WANT SO EXCLT;SIV_ CONTRACT, j
H. C. D-CiCEH. IBS MARKET ST..
PHONE JOHN fl- 1
i CS-P-GOM HOTEL
_3CO BAJ_
Vi 3OAR__P_-«.
_Da_____^____-^_________£J____ : _
jr^*--?A_C<-?: -» Eaet *_: p*7i='r t_r_,e_i; j
r— :t C*. A»» ta __CX_ -R. V» Market s_ I
G-OC_iiT a_s —Zr.*_\ J living r>r=*'. cheap '
re=.t; li=ff leaJ*- CZI 2_ r*w -^-—ers- Jecr-
i __. 0)=-, CaMi-rsU st-
TrTs-TE -_"¦»_>; <_*_p ti acM tiU we-k.
LJC-.T Lfca-T-' Jt_r__. £»'¦. Ca_fcrsia st-
BAP.GAIN (Mr fc=-rt-.JT cr »*-i_r aa_MM ft a_-r ;
t-_«i_e_; fair _ *a_se_ r_ Ltq-icr _>__._» ;
Jc-ir— U. S2 y-s Calif— - --ia st-. rc^_. 1. {
XT-.V-MECHANICST Hstei. =**r t_ « fTilj. fc_r- |
gat» ; ctfcer _=—_j»«^ cause of eal*. Me- !
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 7TT^_ Market s_ {
rr-O—OLD-ESTAEI^SH-D t—stA^rint witi i I
f«--— !s v ** ;-/.si: _l; re_:«-I: n-frar car hrt_e ¦
tra_»fer: rest X 33: gcis* to Cai* KsS-C Me- *
LAUGHLIN - CO.. rTT^ M-ri-t s_ s
A— BAK-BT: _-k— I ?H tarrtlf per day; tar- '.
gain. CO~*ING A CO., 7- Market t- ;
iTATIONERT. vthxl a_i scttc=_ rtcre; =-^t |
be «sL£ COWING A CO.. Tti Market n.
PART?.'_B. w_t»l with TJf> to take __f-is- ¦
»r**t ta i well i*.j\zj, b-t^her t-_ri_ «rsa
Twelfth-rt. Market. S< Twelfth »_ ;
_~BaRGaIN— Oi_-eatab!i*6__. well-payj-^ >ob- \
ti-^r tu-ti_t_ i; r.> tr-i^er— Bex £—>. Call .
CIOAR rt'jre rcr sale. Is;—— • tt 25> Sixth rt. ; ¦
bea-l -t.'— :. .
SSX— F— '»E d-r-ir flir.f; f— l rtc«-:k: £¦"-• — - t
tc-r esi ch_b rxsa r. M_sXa. cor. N_t_
FTRST-C—AS3 ba_e.-7 „ >?_ T_ Valescla rt. "
FOR «a> chei""^ — C'_":l«te tr.ci~ .aktrur ;!-— :t: ?
CUoOna eactae. Q^4jc-t r-:v:i*.:r.e. cap--.r'.:T
2t/.«: located ca l>-_-_-3» r-ra-i: — _ver::e-:t
f« sh:-:?'.-?. A_ire*s E-tDEXHODB BBICK
CO.. Elites. Scsc_a C<y=sty. CaL
U 111". 1 OH c— c: c_* of ih* beat located res- :
tarrarts is city; trsr _sr i_ s t-r 5 j.!if*»: a
f-.— _r.e •.', tie right party. Address _-;x 2C-. j
Ca'.l cf;— ¦ i
tr:'T — rO3 sa:». c Sr.e »r-~ r:er drug strre; ctr -ter •
has tT'j plare«; jlare f? r-?*r:r.g b:y ccsey.
Aiiress V.x VX I . CaU offioe
VAX—— — _ iiiy to travel with a laiies' re— -
•-¦iy rr-_ t hs.v» a •_ _ _ capital: caa _-_c :
t'.g _— — y. Add— -»a t<cx ZIS. Cail ci_:e.
EI'THIEH sh-sp fir salt; a t_ rga_ .. 7~ Er__ -
r_r •*_. a_ — - Sixth- :
EAKE RY alvi c^-fertlcnery f-_ sale: 4 b_ -els
pc? day; "»_s_i rwste. A*:;ly £-t <~: Br>*_ t.
PARTN-R Is —.eat carket (a take ci_r?e ;f ,
— :tsJ<:» _¦•-_:—¦>.¦'. r.-l Tw-irtr-f.-r'-rih *•-
PAKTN-R wa_t«rl to irrest a s_a_ _-.->u=t •
cf me— -7 ta Cs.se Nssrt» trcjeny that U ;
•_ - -y; --, t* g-x,.i. B:x r.G. Cail c.'£:e.
OLD _s__ ;ui.*-i gr>t*ry arui bar doing r»J ;
l.vt*r-f " Ba_-_d Biew'eiy. Valec— ta st.. nr. •
S:xte*r._L ;'
COA— y-r-i f:t rest; f— e laratlsss e_ d does poc^
b*— ires*; e-itir»'y ctT»re<4: I *ta*— : ***•-- *"" t ' ? r
- »— ' -- _ _ lep-:- l=.--_:re zi "SVI_ I.LAM :
H_ N_RI"K=C-N _ CO.. tckxs <~.*, Ca:i t-'.-g.
FOH t__^_c«lgtr_s-b— _c. r*r__T__t _ii ¦>£_; I
r-3C<d ci_ _ cc 'cr r__ . »_ >l w:'» tr two rart-
r.<— »* c— _*r ff-i-lr t-- Car* N.-_ _ Ai-ireas ;
"TOM." PeyMf^re. 5=— g_-_ ;
CLI.--E STAE— ISH_D wag-_--r _xi-:g. t'-rs *-
«L-.*:_-- t--*;_e?a; 15 r^ars ;-r***-£ Iv_ tloa: ;
ciea; ;_ irr_ d?-.— : c~ _.-r. _ C^-rtl a— l aye.
EEST-PAT_'«"O — .te _ etty ci^a;; part^-s g->- ¦
te« a-say. r_ Cagp it. j
COFT— _ a-i t** r-r-ztts i-;-:^:i*d frc— 1 GEO. !
W CAS^'Ei. L _ CO_. *12 £_rr__ »st; st.
CLA_~~T— D ad—X-_— — •__ A— i r:^*criptic—i ;
r^--:-*^ c. ci" h— .-.;= .-?_?*¦ rrr f*.;;—^— e rt. j
CARRIAGES A.\D WAGOXS.
ERITV-'ERY wacoa. seo-."id-hary_. for ftle j
cheap. J:€ *— e.Vl'ifter rt_
N_V." _ Id -has. a wagons, buggies, carts _ har- i
_«_. wcrk A drrring ho— c*. Uth 4c Va-'ea-rla
BZXX— KG cart, half eoact. 1» te« ha— ;•— s, 2i>: '
-tar.-— - !'*¦"• Fcl-wm tt. --.ear Eighth. j
CAPE NOME.
PA—TIE- -r-i'-r-g to Cape Norse see WORK-
ICAM, OAi'.P.AP.r. _ McKNEW Ca=ni-g Co..
a-i. _v« s««7 or. <:--_-> *i g'x>_. 1331 r'.:th
aye.. £->_th Haa Frs tr ;cU» 1
CAPE NOME r-xker: cheapest, lightest arsd
, t^-ri; _ > ___; as screws; wc-a't breaic lSll'-j
M_atvo. St. j
CAP— NOME Force P-:_ p Rocker: han-.-pow er i
f.r'.e ¦:--— p rork*r: i'.?r.te«t. ch*ape«t »5-i b*»t *
fT beach ».r--«l <"reek _•_:_?. W, H. PHELPa I
; A CO.. IS I—-——: st, 1
J— NKINS" ptaeer — a-;=i--e sa exh ib.'tlcn. in
r-r^erati r.s. *12 Wood. V.". Oakland: co_ iblaatlca
[U'jei ar.2 blaeaet; ad^__tle easd or gravel. J
PARTNER wasted to isveft a small amour.t cf j
r.-.:r.-:7 sn Cap* •:-.— • prcp^rty kr—w n to be i
r//, A-i.-!r--a-- !>o-x Zl_. Call cfTt-e. j
CAIII'ET -EATl.%G~A.\ : u"ci7eaM>G. j
V. ll— ¦» you becc— .e disgusted with poor work I
t*r.d ta KPAULDINCJS Pioneer Carpet-beat- i
leg Worka. TEA-XT, Teh-ma at.; tel. £. 4i.
' J. T.. MITCHELL Ce.rp»-t Btatt.--; and Reno-
vatlcg Co.. 2rt ______ st.: tel. Missioa 74.
CITY fiteam Cerpet-beating Works. g! hT .
BTZTVE ::.'S. rr.gr.. 2r»-4i sth itt.: tei. Bo— t-l VSi. j
J M^OUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.", 1
4IJ fr-ev-^-.a-'.n St.; tel. Scuth —t: lowest rates. ,
' CARP— TH clean ed at Ie per yard; laid at 4c j
i I-TRATTON'B. 2 Eighth «t.; tel. Jessie >44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cieaaicg Co.. 4C_ Sutter St.; j
tel. Main 254. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating w<,ri_. CO Goliea !
1 Gat* aye : teiephon* Eai-t 12S. j
fcPilll i lALISII.
ATTENTION ! 17771777. REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Mediasi
and C_!rvoya--.t,
Rereals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To tfce S!ck Esr>ecia'!y
! Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered aad copyrighted, cure j
j ail diseases on earth, co_ sumption, paralysis.
I rheumatism, all skla <.izea.es, heart and
I nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
ah« haa o-_de are the ta!V of the w__la alope.
WRITE
If yew cannot call, for thout-ir.da upen thou- i
aaxds have been k_ le rich, happy aad j
fc*_.!thy. without ever having c.-Jce to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always ruccessft-I and .atlvfactory. and all !
oorTupcndence Is kect sacredly confidential.
Address or call. 2SRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. IKI
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. CaL
N. B. — Take 8. F. broad gauge ferry and
get eff at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway.
MME. LANGE, the «rreat clairvoyant, tells past
and future; cure* diseases by aympathy: j
never fa!!«: has the aeren *»al«, the greatest I
Egyptian eecret of the world; nhows picture j
of future husband or wife; gives lucky sum- j
bers: advice in all speculation, lwe and legal j
affair-*: any one consulting the ma/lame will
be convinced that she Is no sham; tips en I
races; prices 25c and up; come and you will j
be surprise*!; gives eatlsf— "tlon to eyery one,
11C7 Market st , bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. HARRIHON, the noted and wonderfnl
— »-dlum. la.- if Stockton, is located at 43
Sixth st.: f-pirltual labor readings daily from
i a m. to 7 p. tn . .
! MEDA HOPKINS. 1422 Market, bet. 10th and
I 11th— Or. Mon. Bp. m ., 2Sc; sittings dally.
BRODTKORn will give readings to-day for
! IZc and circle at 8. Il« Sixth tt.
MP_3. BAILEY, circles Tue». and Fri. eve; 10c;
readings, L. 2_c: G.. COc. 1204 Fillmore St.
ARNOLD- DICK SON: sit. dally; cor.i-ult, free;
meetirg to-nleht; all Invited. 141 eth, rm. L
MRS C. J MEYER. 235 McAllister; spiritual
readings dally; tert clr. to-night, Thura. at Z.
MRS. J. I.WHITNEY, clairv-jyar.t. lest, business
¦nedl-jr-,. life r»aVr: »:ttlne ft. ' Tl^t Market.
CLAIIIVOVA.\TS.
MRS. DR. CLARK
THE VrELI^-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced she reveals every hidden mvs-
utery; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore |
lost affectlona; unite the s«parated; f-cjver '
lost or stolen property; locates minerals: !
tells your entire life, while In a perfect j
tranre; satis f action guaranteed by mail.
Bend atam p for circular, with special terms.
MHH. DX. CLARK, 20S Turk nt, near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. A. CERVANTES. tte'ceUbraled Spanish
fortun- teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 13 Fulton st.. near Larkla.
MADAM SYLVESTER, the celebrated scientific
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fee. ladle*.
tOe; cents, {1: 19 a. m. to t p. m. 213 Eddy rt.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist: all you
seek to know answered, without questions:
satisfaction: readings EOc and 11. 12S O'Farrell.
MIS 3 MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German apoken. !-21Vi Mission, op.Mlat.
BEND photo, lock hair: quartz specimen; full
reading, 11. Wau en, medium, 1.'.&l Market at.
MME. ZEREDA cf 6 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; last week; readlnga 23c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 2Cc; truth or no pay. Utt Mission.
CLAiaVOYANTS.
i *£R*. DR. ¦3T_ST. bo___a a=d test __*_—-.
\ rtt— — ed: _ax_»_ g _r_ __t_ g ttX r=_. .-l.
I __£_. £HA— FER. __— cyast. car- rea_tr;
I -lt_=gs <U_-y. ._-•% El__ s_
j M_E. RAVENNA reads Ufe _3e__y: toss l_— *
I a-rtce. £__>» gives; Se eg. > Fo--r_t st.
I XXX -T_r_L_— CraCe ta grxr*: f=t— re fcis-
i-Ts tictsre. _<;-. ——.'¦»- ill O*Farre- st.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
f GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; to chargs ~*»
less r- fge-t»f_. R-y;= 11?. 527 Markft st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAG3-. 4 larvt -f-__ .y — «=s: fcath. gas;
M-ptrs _t yard a_ d gardes. T^i Grove st-
'¦ W j-— 1 w__t t haa-M *t* onTtag- bt_ .g beSt
1 ©_ F_te*_tt_ a_d Dolores -rts. j
j N_W ccttage; S —<-=_ a_* t*th: b_w=»-.t: ¦
> *-¦.-¦.- ar.d largi yard: furr <is_»d c-r _ i— r- .
i ___t--; t_ tc CS. **i Nineteen .—t aye. t
' TE KAMA, »— C«__e: € susry roc=s; sewly 1
1 ptptat; yara. tzz.; t*-si_ssa 1-ycatioc ; rent |
: c_eap. j
IH: NEW te_»_est* 4 rmrz. _; water free. As- j
fly U Silver St.. eff Ttirt: l—s: cf Sve left,
! DENTISTS. I
; A-DR T. S. B3GGX2~r destal p_r_ ra, «7 !
Mark-t s_. crer Cafe Zl___ 2— Te«th extract- j
¦ ed wtt_— it l_ia ty us- if eiectrl— ty. gas or j
e_crcfcr— ; alto by Icca! asaes— .eties applied _
i t_ tfce g_ 3*: th* b-Tt asi moat artistic -s»n__i
wcrk «? rea_ cr_fcie pneea; v~Tt gc;d •;::_ ei -
frcm II cr: ether £li:rg* fr.o He: badly de- f
'¦ cayed teeti 1 «_r-fi_ ly tr»*t«J aad tiled cr ¦
\ c— vs-i with— :t r*:s: cUte* that tt Ire— j
U i»* __:: cpes evesrrgs ssd Fasdays. ;
J A FULL set <-f tetth c= a rubber plate. O; » '
" fall «*t cf te«th ca a gsM plate. Ci: te«th ¦.
\ wit_~st a plate; —xw a a_l triage wcrk onr
: r-;*ctaity; t«« crzr —-^h-cclored plates. th!-_.er I
; a-.- KnaiM tt_a rufcbtr. — a— anted fcr TS •
years: £__js Wx: criwcs. UK; all wcrk
pai_e« a_. war— _te_ Chicago Desta ! Par-
" Icrs. 24 fixth st. J
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC. «» Mar- !
kct rt., cor. 4tt. r_- 7. Flxxl bltg.. yea can
have -rear extract!;-- dcae pa:_essly; teeth I
w.th— .t rlates cur r-ecl alty: foM era wsi,
S3 SO -.-»: f:a:e.. extracttci- free: U « ap; cf- I
£-« be-_— > . »a. — . t-s I' p. =r_ ; S*jr. _t». Ito 2 j
; p. p. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D- -__ag»r. I
* _———^^__— _——_——_—————.—-—.——^ .
DENTISTS ATT— NTION! "I
Hizt-l-jw WUke—ca chair, S.S.W. es-ris* !
I *_j siie _ir— r k racket f;r ->ale cheap. Call =
! at 22 Geary s_. room I. ca Mislay cao ral— g. |
DR. GEORGE W. LKEK 25 O'Farrell at. ex- j
trarts a_- f_U te^th p__les_T ty his wen- |
derf-j! we. tt tr.-«-—c«3: crowi». 12: bri-lgw. »4; •
r-it-er cr Seii"-;:* rUt«. O: received S trs t
prir«_; ro atadents; g-jaranteed 12 years.
FULL s*t Of teeth, ti; goM crjw-H. O: new
. rsethed* is tnig* wcrk; filiings. geld, tl up;
Hirer. ¥<?; rainless extract!-:a. Vx: gas gives.
\ New York Destal Parlcrs. W M'.«^lca.c->r. Ct_ |
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1«I M-.-_et. nr. Uth—No !
. charge for extracting whea pUtes are made:
eld plates rr aie cv^r like new; teeth fro_ XS
\ i~r set: extracting g*» gives.
I IBHAL raid Bttfac !r_erted f " 75c. with writ-
tec guaran te« fcr i years; plates. O: crowns,
V.. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. I Eddy *L .
15~TER. DfliU— f — asr_rxt. « Turk; palcleis
ext.. erew ti. brilgewcrk-; cpea Sasd. till 12.
i BA-T—BN Dest— Pai-lor. lit Third at.: crew a-
bri-lge worit: ext- painless: full set teeth 17.
! PARIS Dectai Parlors. 2S Ke_rc iy. ccr. Bash—
Fu'l *et cf teeth. J4; cr->W— ». J!; fillings. 2>c.
; VXN VP/^'V- "Pals 'ess*'; cvcalaca and Sua-
day-!. :w* Market «rt.. ccrner Sixth.
. ; SET <:f le*th witboat plate. DR. H. G.
1 YOCNG. 841 PoCk »_
[OHIO T>-:US Pur!-.—. Ir.c- * rrad-jat* cpera-
f.r«: o-pe-a •v»rtr-r- »r<i BH9&iy-a. '¦"" Market,
DOG HOS PITA I-S. j
; DP. CREELEY'S C. P. rr. acge cv— acd wrrrs
i pills by all di-j-rg-ts or at the Scg hc-pital.
; I*B Gc!-!ea Gate aye.; a sp-eial ward reserved j
¦ fGr c-rtagisus disea_eii. Tetephcce East 257. ¦
' DR. BUZARD'S Dec Hcepltal. Pest, Filli-vjTe— i
I Advlc«» and tr;e<!'.c!Tje TVr; city vi«!ts tl 50; all {
! ar.Ir"?!« trwitel: <Jr«- Yr.*rt.*4. T»I. W»«t ?S*. j
¦ DRESSMAKERS AM) SKA.MSTIIESSES j
j LADIES — Now Is the time ta ? your sum— er !
I sewing: street ci-»tai_!-s, evening dresee-i and j
i ta!!or-rsade gowes a specialty; a*l the latest I
]>aJi»-r-ris cat to crd»r; sewing le^aona 11 per :
vtfit: evesisg clajs-a SAN FRANCISCO j
DP.E_3 Ct."TTn?O SCHOOL. <:i Van Ne-s. j
! PI_AIN skirts rra«J». ffK: b:r.-sg en skirts, j
Se. 71) Frar.kHs *t.. pear Oolden Gate aye. j
S. F. D--«-— siaS-ing. f-i AXtif Tallortrg School; I
Frer-ch tallcrlog systerr; taught. 411 Van Ness.
! SfDOWELL Dressmaking Prhool: aewiag de- j
partrsent op*n to ail during March. 12J P--wt. {
I PARISIAN drer— r.ziting. 257 G*arj • st.: fir»»-es j
made. t£ up: d— — *s — .ade over: perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleat:-.--- factory. All kl_Js pleat- j
: \Zir.i.:?.YiTz. 121 Po~t. "vt OTonn^r t- Moffat.
gg EDUCATIONAL.
! HEALD*S Bislsess Collese. 24 Poet a-_. S. F.—
'¦¦ Practical ecu— ¦** In bookl— eplsg, shortha— l.
I typing, lasg*_ages. telegraphy. -English
1 branches, civil. e>etrical acd mining engln-
\ tfris-r. etc.: rew tO-page catalogue free.
! A HIGH GRADE SCHOOL: COMMERCIAL
....WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVKR?ITY....
! Arr anged In <separ l t-renU: par osly for what
I yon g't- Call cr ad-Sreim 819 Market st.
' BOOKKE K-IXQ &* it Is done; superior post-
i graduate crrnrse: rapid calrulations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood bulldisg.
' ALL atDdenta but two taklsg full coirs?
! this year got petitions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE. 12 £« Market st.
i AYP.ES'. leading buslr.ess college. 723 Market;
! Individual Ir.struction: bookkeeping, shcirt-
i hand. t>-t.lr-g; life fcholarehlp. VA: catalcgae.
i ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
i vev. es«ay. ryaalde. arch. : day. eve. : est. I«*4.
j VAN DKP. NAILLKN SCHOOL, K3 Market.
I SHORTHAND tau-ht personally or by mail: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system. " M. G. BARRETT.SC2 Montgmy.
VIOLIN zither, guitar, ta njo. m aadoiln In-
struction. W. P. CHAMBERS. TA Sutter St.,
telephone "Vlaln Vfi.
FKF.NCH. Spanixh. etc.. Prof. De FlJlppe's Aesde_ 7 j
of l-cg-— ge«.3-»» Pc«t;e<»ts&'d 1^71 : aM»at profi •
i MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught !
by PROF. MERKI. ICCS Mission: violin, rultar. ,
EFPINA. Penman: businers writing a specialty;
en-rr oseiag: Spanish. 217 Ph*lan building.
i ARITHMETIC, bockkeepinz. grammar, writing.
[ etc.: day or eve. ; ti mo. 1024 Mitslon. nr. «th.
i PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
} thcrough lr«f~ «-t'--T- . Ptndl->. ««g G-ary . r. 47.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers aad
domestic cervanta. 4 Carlos place, eff O'Far-
rell. btt. Powell asd Mascn: tel. Black 4354.
i A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over fir- years.
j ,421 Po-t at.: telephone Bush 12S.
I ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
neae. 42* Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
! CHINESE acd Japanese Employment Office—
i B»«t *•!¦?. 414 1 * O'Fa»-reli »t.: tel F.««t 425.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
LONGHAND writer, young Udy of office ex-
perience, wants position; aalary no object;
! borne; good referencea. Box V/J&. Call.
YOUNG lady with high achool credentlala would
like position as clerk in wholesale house;
good Ben-nan; quick and accurate in figures;
referencea. Box 2041?. Call. ' -.¦ -
' WOMAN wants housework by the day; tl a
day and car fare. 222 Seventh at.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper in hotel or
: boarding house by lady who understands the
business thoroughly; references given and re-
quired; wages not less than XZli. room and
board. Address box 261. Uklah. Cal. ;„
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants po-
eitlon; rea->or™ble «ilary; accurate: refer-
ernce Al: home Influence. Box 3065. Call.
YOUNG ladjr with high school credentlala
I wishes position as governe_ l to teach Eng-
lish branches, art sn-1 music; city or country;
references. Box »047. Call.
WOMAN wlshea work by the day. Apply at
225 V. Bugh at. '
LADY wishing, to go to Cape Nome deslrea slt-
¦ uatton either as compositor or waitress. Box
j VjCO. Call office.
1 GIRL wishes situation to do eeneral house-
j wcrk. Y. W.C. A.. 1221 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or housecleaning. Call at Cll Turk at.; no
px»tals.
YOUNG woman wishes light housework; good
hr>UKeke«per; steady and reliable. Please call
451 Bryant at., near Third.
WOMAN wiiihea.work by the day; w ashing and
house cleaning; 7i«. 612 Howard at.
RELIABLE Norwegian girl wants second work
In American family: references. 3-vi Capp.
ELDERLY woman for general housework in
email family. 3*3 Capp. st. •
YOUNG --Irl wants situation to do second work;
no sewing; wages tit. 138 Fulton st.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter. . will go out by day; make a
auit , In one day. 1532 Polk st. -
REFINED young lady wishes position to take
care of invalid 'or chllden; ; no objection to
country. Call or address SS2 Dolores at
EMPLOVMEST WASTED TEXAL_
--<e-ri<_-»_ 1_ hoc*! —eric Box ir.*3. Call cTScc
COMPETENT v~ — W-aHaa a «it __-=. gen-
eral _— _ ewcrfc; g-ao! cv.Je a__ la _s«ir e»» :
city ox cos s:.-y. 114 -Pr—tvect pUc*. ssS Ca_ -
f-r_— ¦ _____
CASHIER, yscsg lady oZ ezperJe_c«. wa__ 50-
¦Sttai; r»feres_e Al: se-r-rtry glTes; re_ sc_-
et;e salary. Bex Vf.t. Ca_ qZZjp!.
BOOKKE_P_R. caiiier. si__:grasi-r a_S
type— riter w_rt« a t-oattio_; bC—U or se— -r-
Ity; rellaile: ex lellest ref c— _ c««; aps*t= i la-
teiiiew. Box VjO. Ca_ of_:».
SALES-ADT wa_U pc-tlss; r*_at:e vt'.tr-
e_r«s; experJeiiceiS; a_r«er at coce, s_ _— g
I s— — -y. B— : SVM. Call of_—-
' YOUNG wc_aa wasts wcrk ty the day or plain
) wa-hisg as hot ae. Call **Z H-vw-ri. cf - S—i—
¦¦ MIDLE-AGED *«_- wishes a sltt utti — 1 to Co
j -bo—tew eric; city or e-mntry. _f^_____ ___ _
* "STANT _t>— By _— t-e_u eea__r_t-« c= wiit*
f work: ditliz*--* d— _se_ a speclaity; ~e a_2
I c*rfare. Box »SS6. CaU O— _e.
i res PECTAB LZ wcrsan wisbes wc-ric tj the
I day; H a day a=_ carfare. Ca3 « ' -iirrma
I*;<«_ Ttird at.
< MIDDLE-AGED lady withes a aitsailf _ as
cha_^-ers_ld b a la<S-K-— <M. AppJy *t
I r-x-si 23. t2> Howard, bet. Fourth a_S Fifta.
i HEALTHT w<-_4— t wt»_es sitaaiios aa w«t-
i curse; refer er.c«>-. H. W. J.. bcx 2C3?. Call.
i FAVCY wcrk a_d hasd sewisg __ _. Addrea*
bex 3. Call b— ._-». UC4 E>vesth st.
! ELDERLY lady wisie- a pcsltl— l to do gen-
1 eral h>— tsew&rk for small family; _s was_-
lsg; city cr country. Box tSl>. Caa o._te.
; GERMAN girl, epeaklsg German. F— __s asd
_=*i-h, wishes a position to take care c.
; ch!ldre a cr lady's nu lid. to travel to Eurcpe-
Appiy cr addreis 215 Uslsn st.
WINCHESTER H— ise. 4» Third e_. tear J*ar-
' ket- 2C<5 rc<_«; 2Sc ti tl SO sight; nM »«
week. ccsveri est a=_ respectable; fre» bus
I ar-d taggage to avid frcra ferry.
j CLASSIFIED «.ver_s e— ent» asd r-hscrlptlc-t
ne*iT*l at Call trasch diet. C>J Fnusore.
A BRANCH cfSce fsr the recepUcn of adver-
i tlseraesta and iutser!pt__i taj beea catted
I at 1222 Pclk st.: cpen until »p. r_
A BRANCH office far CaU advertisements aid
n-bscriptioes has been established at 1C44 Vi-
lesda «t.
EMPLOVMEXT WASTED M.VLE.
ATTENDANT— Nurse and _ sseur; Ge.— _ 3— -
American ; ail-around comp*test — _r. . at
home cr abrcai; references. Aidres s H. B-.
b-sx XC*. Call cfSce.
COACH— lAN— Undera ts _<ss his business thor-
o-jgh:y; is capable of taking charge a_d care
cf geiitJemas's res.desee; Al references. Ad-
I ¦:-.¦» C. £.. 11l- J«:_.r. 1-
FltiST-CLASS French cook; hotel cr ccCee
house. A iiress bex &O. Call.
MISSOURI farmer wants Job on ranch. W.,
IU7 Union rt., Ean Francisco.
i GARDENER, middle-aged man. —ants sltua-
1 tics on private place: good refer»-ices. E.
GARDENER. P. O. box 232, ' San Rafael. Ma-
! rtn County. CaL
• HARDWARE salessiaa of experience is desir-
! cus cf securing position with reliable firm;
competent and res-^iceible. Box I_». Cail.
TOUXG — »i deslrc—i of studying law wishes
pc-slticn: good bockieeper. Address box i_S.
competent asd re-tpcr_;bie. Box VxA, CalL
RELIABLE __n. good worker, wants position
ia private place at coachman; can cillk and do
general work; good references: city or coun-
try. Box JC«_. Call ofCce-
GARDENER. prcfesslcaal, German, single,
with the best of references, wishes position oa
a private place or resort. Address Gardener.
2SI Third st., rocta 9.
POSITION by -Idiie^aged man ard wire;
gardener, c&ach— an : wife plain cock, general
houaewcrk: city or country; references: last
place i years. Box 2744, Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG zr.RH. thoroughly familiar *rlih mer-
chardise fcusine-ie. Is anxious to obtain man-
agement of general store. Box J '•¦-. Call.
A MECHANICAL dentist wishes a position la
laboratory; city preferred. Call I>_ McAllis-
ter st ; .
A MIDDLE-AGED carpenter cf experience, can
repair fur_ lture. varnish a_ d paint, wishes a
position in the country: small wages expect-
ed. Box 2220. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an engineer: is a — _-
, chlsiit aad holier- isaker; with reference;
ejustry preferred Address C. __ Cl 4 Howard.
i GERMAN wishes a situation In grocery store
and bar— -o_: good references. W. BOHLING.
4i: Kearny st.
GENTLEMAN. 25. exceptic— al ability and ref-
! c— -sees. lots of esergy. plesty nerve aad per-
t serveranee. large advertising and general
business experience, origica I ideas. t_ -trough
1 knowledge cf Ger_aa. Rusoian a_ l partly
French, desires paying position. Box 2C13.
Call office.
SITUATION wasted by vtatlcsary engineer; »
years' experience; city or cour.try; strictly
temperate. J. W.. IS4 Market st.
ELDERLY geatles— _ desires easy Job for his
found: no ped.licg. Bex SC2. Caa office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recerred at Call branch office. 22& C Fill— ere st.
A BRANCH office for the receptlcn of adver-
tisements asd ->üb»cripticns has been opened
at 1221 Polk st.: open uatil » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call adven!»em est» and
subscriptlo-— has been established at IC5< Va-
lencia st^
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly CalL
II pages. !n wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
~ EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MATERLE. German expert optician.
10714 Market ct. : exa_lnationa free: Germaa
eyewater by mall. iOc. Phone. Mint 257.
EXCHASGE.
FOR Kale, or exchange for city or Oakland
property, 10 acres cf land near Menlo Park,
with new 5-room house and outbuildings, 170
fruit trees and vlnee, all In bearing; large
oaks acd ornamental trees: water piped
through the place; value VXfA. For par-
ticulars address C. J. 8.. Menlo Park; no
' a-rents.
i FOR sale or exchange— Nice 4-acre orchard
home la Haywards, assorted fruit trees;
house S rooms, barn, etc.; creek in rear; sell
very reasonable, if desired: CtflO or more can
remain as mortgage. Address box ¥XT,. Call.
FOR ex=harge— Desirably located 5-roo_ cot-
tage; corner lot ;¦ location southwest Los An-
(reles, for San Francisco to value of 12CO0.
F. H. PIEPER _ CO., 102 South Broadway,
Los Angeles.
TO exchange— A stock ranch of 220 acres tn
Nevada for a small I— proved farm near city.
Address J. C. ENYDER. 12H Hill st.
DESCRIPTIONS of small Improved ranches
near city that are for sale or exchange. J.
C. SNYDER. 12H Hill st.
TO exchange— Hors « and buggy and harness for
upright piano. * Box ~3L Call office.
FINANCIAL.
*" PER CENT PER MONTH on stock In a com-
pany owning the largest and most valuable
mine In California: over Wt.VA tons of ore la
eight, averaging 113 per ton; over 704.000 tons,
averaging over M per ton. costing less than ti
to mine and mill It; several rich veins, carry-
ing from 4*oo to J30,C00 per ton; UA tons of
high-grade ore on the dump; all machinery
paid for and at the mine*; will be In operation
In May; the capital stock la only ILOQG.GOQ and
is intrinsically worth 55.0C0,0C0. but as It is
mining stock expect to sell It below its real
value: there are 30.0C0 shares to sell at par, tl
per share, private stock; no treasury stock
for sale; the company expects to commence
payment of 5 p«r cent per month in June;
there is nothing better: shall be pleased to
hear from any one having money to Invest;
opportunity will be afforded to examine prop-
erty and verify this statement. Address IN-
VE.-TMENT. bcx 2CC6. Call. %-'.--.*/
FLATS TO LET.
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat la
cUy for the price; investigate; S large rooms
and large glazed porch: appreciated if seen.
BROADWAY, • bet. Jones and Leavenworth— 2
flats; lot pays ihi per cent. 1723 Hyde, near
Broadway.
FINE sunny upper flat, 19 Perry St.; S rooms
and bath; rent $IT 60. Apply G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.
FLAT of < rooms and bath; CO. ZCS Hayes st.
SAN CARLOS aye., 366. bet. Twentieth and
Twenty-first— Flat 5 rooms; bath, washstands
and cellar.
TWENTY-THIP.D and Guerrero— French sunny
flat. 7 rooms: wash tuba and porcelain baths.
VALENCIA. 1008. near Twenty-first— Sunny
side; flat S rooms and bath.
2J2J CALIFORNIA— Sunny flat; 4 rooms and
bath; rent JIS: also 5-room cottage; rent 113.
Apply 2524 California st,
IF you wart to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION, 15 «tt. near Hth— Upper flat; « -arge
sunny room--, bath and laundry; rent 522.
i NICE -ranny modern flat; 5 rooms and bath.
I . &71 Golden Gate aye. : rent 125.
SUNNY 6-room lower flat:- Warm Belt. «1«
: Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
UNION Iron Workers— Apply to H. LIEHRKK
— EONS, Minnesota and Marlposa sts., for
}5 and f8 flats or house of ( room- ;
I ...... :
I -XATS TO LET- j
!" V. _J» . 1 -THIR-. Z~ Z— — >_s_=t —Ps«r =a_. t J
j rooc ia I—.* t— is; r-_ t ci-ea^. tZX. j
\ X^FTES. H-3. i r>-— _ a_S bath- YA M!-— _ tt..
I WAST KorA te=___ :=? aew fials: J_« £s_=^S:
I 4 n»r_*; raa, grates, eie-rtrir Ughu. j«— — _-_
1 ___. Id Greea r_. sear Vaa K«a aye— cr
: gPXCS A CO.
H4-FLAT (A 5 r->5-_ a_i -*_. 14-I Pa__e s_
i key s- at-y -_-— •.
It-ISJT* "EH Sat a=.d yar_ TZCr* Ba-Tlacs at-i
betwees T_r_ a_- Fg-y_-
K2— FLAT of 4 Urge r4__y «-—_». bat- -sA
X! K__tac__b si-, bet. Xs* a_i Sa_-
e_ex; water free.
! CHEAPEST a=-l be-rt la A=eri-»-The __**_
\ Can. « pages. »e_t v> a_y aiir-* ta ti«
Urltei £tites er Ci •»-<*--. cs* year fcr l- I
t>^»t«x» gali. . j
F_AT? TO LEX FXR'-tISIIEIJ.
> COJ-FOaTA-LE fsr=_h.e< Cat. T -_=_. taui. i
p-iar/x te:ep_~;e t--> rest 4 sat— it_s- Ap-ply
_T Harts st.
~ rVUMTZRE FOR SALE.
! FOR s—e— P-rslt-— e c^ f— _ «r«~_s: Slsg— • r=a-
¦ ciSse; twin carriage: e_«ag- 574 >w»-isy--.— _
I FURNITURE of 4 roc—* a=_ fc-ath. M»: pta_».
IS; gat to let, lit- A-?!? *S Oae— — - s_
4 ROOMif fcrslshed 1_ cak f «r S4» __«_> >"*•
[ 7 ra=r- Ki-c r>-:-----!r> C-.. i:r-"« M_rg-_
j *~*~ - "
FCHMTIHE WASTED.
I CHAS. LEVY buys ycer fumlrare. carpets,
p__ „ 11~ Maricet s-_; teleracse Jessie ¦<_
• ALFRE- WOLLPERT. 773 Misslcn St.. pays
i t_e highest jricii for your 2d-ha_ d fu-r_ ! tur—
! W. E. CODT (late with J. T. Terry _ Co-> bays
f_-— iture. -a.-T^t*.- 7i 7 M'.-r-icn: tel. Red SJSi
HELP WAXTED-FE-iLE.
¦ C. P- HANSEN - CO.... PHONE GRANT IS3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT _. j
I 2 waitrewes (restaurant work). l_; 4 wait-
I resaes, city, !-¦>: 3 waitresses, Stockton. 123;
I 2 waitresses. Viaalia. CO. fare here; 2 wait- !
res»es. _. Isizg town. Ci. fare here; waltrea-, j
! depot hotel, XT:: 2 wairres-es. resort. C 3;
woa—_ cook, rescrt. tv3; pastry cook, »«: j
1 c-jos. for isstitntios. H>: cock, small hotel, |
j S£; 2 fancy lrocers. n week.
; FAMILY D_PARTM_NT -...
1 5 hcusegiris . across the bay. 523 a_-l J_ 2 i
{ c->;ks ca ranches. t_ a_i O. Santa Clara asd j
¦ Martisez; R;-ss. J_; cook. city. SK>: house- !
gtrt. Palo Alto. XX: 5 Gens an cooks, city. C 3. ¦
I working hcusekeejer. city. f_ a_d CO. C. R. •
j HANS EN _ CO.. IC4 Ge_ ry St. 1
; TWO aecend girls fcr Sac Mateo. see party |
! here Mcnday 11 o'clock; 2 second girls, city. |
t KS each; 2 second girls. IK an.d tIS: hocse- :
I keeper/ «3: chamber-a-'d as_ waitress. C»: j
i cock. C 3; cock a_ _ seccc. girl, sa__e hca*e. •
I J3> aad T2i. isfasfs nurse. t_: n-.r**. Ci i
! MRS. NORTON. Zl% Sutler «_ ;
I GERMAN cock; i In fa_t_y; CO.
19 wc-.es; genera! housework; CO ta C 3.
I A jreaac French girl; child's nurse: tl s.
2 ccir.j_Rioss ; young girls; excelle— t hoi— ea.
2 I"_ :ch waitress-*; %6 z.»t -Cek.
2 ci>:ks; cafe; abort crt-ers ; $-5 per week.
2 second girls: l_. Cl.
BUS-NESS WOMAN'S CLUB.
j ?2T Mar-.^t St.. — <-_ 2C2.
j WANTED— eter-xg— iphers: we have mare pc*i- j
1 tier— reported to us than we can fill: we can ;
I put y?u to w_rk: our only charge is R fcr cse 1
! yeai-s K«lat-_ttO_ with _ STENOGRAPHIC |
! EXCHANGE . tfi E__ia Spreckels t--ll_-ig.
! EEXX>ND c-^ok. S3* per — cnth: cc-xtry; fare :
I paid. MISS CVLL-N. Z25 Sutter st. \
i CCOK. h.tei: country: Ui: 4 cocks, CO j
i asd J2-. MISS CT'_L_N. 2r_ Sutter st.
! ! i
! , NEAT reliable wo-_ a_t can hare Icr 2 partly i
furnished roc_i ia exchar.s-e for I'-j days' '
hcu««::ea-.ir ; 3t; separate entrance. A^ply
Mc__ay before V> a. =s. cr tetweea 1 asi S
p. m.. R4_Wa___st. ;
i GIRL wasted for geseral housework and plain
! cockisr: J_. 42 Stanley St.. bet. First a_.i '
I teccni 1
! YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
j of children: T-. 71i Stelner ?t-
' WANT— D i— .—ediately— Finishers and skirt |
; hands; steady work. GARDNER _ SWO-
j SODA. 14 Grax.t -<re.. roon_ £3 ar.l 13.
; FINISHER oq C_ -Awh«_— coats. Apply 53?
i Nsto-— a. St.
I BRIGHT sirl for light booa«— nark, with char.cc
; to learn a traie. IS a ir.cr.th to start: sleep.
» he_e. WILLIAM WALTER. >3 Powell a_
i OPERATORS asd C—shers ea braidisg ma- .
i chisea. Call F-.nda iy fro— .1J to 1 o'clock. 1
rooms tH and C 7. 14 Gra _t aye.
WANTED— -Tousg woman t» pose la cortume; j
must be a brunette; no others need ap-iy; \
state age a_d pay expected. Box 3C75. Call. !
APPRENTICE girl on coats ; will pay right sn j
i the start. 113 Russ -t. ]
! BRIGHT. iiapcn-TMa U-ry: of*ce positi-m; lib- !
\ eral salary: mamt s_a_; capita .l. B.tx VX>. Call, j
lAN isteSligent business woman: reception r— -; I
I good salary: small capiia! req. Bex 14m. CaJL
I TAIL OHESS wan te-3 on custom coats. V^,'~t •
I F-^_— a rt. •
1 GOOD poei::-;n out of the city fcr bright !
— cnatn about 20. Box WML Call office. ;
I MIDDLE-AGH D wo_an to take charge of 1
I baty 2 years eld asd — esdir.g: a good has— c ;
I fcr Prot*-_ ist wot— a. 23 Belvedere St.. back •
j of Chutes' groond. !
j LADY pcllcitors at orxe. App!y rocra 2C». *27 j
i Market street. Monday, bet. "• a. ~. a_d 12 m. j
DRESSMAKERS that ar? used t> alteratlo.— j
wasted at Kelly _ LJ-etes". IT) Kearcy st. j
EXPERIENCED apprest! re on cu-rtooi coats. !
j Call at 7 Cohen place, eff E"ls. bet. Leaven- j
! worth and Hyde. !
1 WANTED— 2 flnfjhe— m panta; steady w-<rk: ;
good wages. »4«. Hcwar4 st. j
J FIRST-CT-ASS tallrresses to wcrk on pants. J
j 2v5 Montgomery St.: g>od wages. j
WANTED— Young strong GCRB— B girl or rr.id- ;
die-aged woman to do housework ia s_a!l !
family. Call 142 Eleventh st. |
WANTED— A girl for cooking aad geaeral
housework ; good wages. XCI Clay st.
I GOOD steady place for first -class cook ta select
[ family restaurant. £21 Ellis st.
I GIRL for general housework: 2 la family, ln-
| quire 212S Bush St.. Moaday fcrenoon. I
! YOUNG wo— an for gereral housework la sa— il !
i family: references required. Apply 1141 _.:i*. !
I WASTED — Girl for cooklr.g and general house- |
I work. Apply Monday. 2330 Sacra— ento st.
f GIRL wanted to do housework la the country: j
will pay from t".2 »> to Sl3 a isonth: small
family. Address P. O. box 243, Petaluma, Cal.
GIRL for -reneral housework. . J37 Polk st.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
To all entering our school before April „ a
yearly subecriptlnn to our beautiful monthly
fashion journal, high class and up to date: I
see our Imported patterns; sewing room grow-
ir.g in favor; open to all; patterns cut tic up.
McCOWELL.- «3 Post St.
WANTED Immediately— Ladles to do home
work; no canvassing; t> to tl2 weekly: work
sent any distance. Address Standard. 1U
West Twenty-third St., New York. .
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEV!
BTRAUSS — CO.. «H Fremont at; elevator.
FIRST-CLASS rants finishers wanted: bo oth-
ers need apply. S. N. WOOD _ CO., ccmer
Powell and Eddjr «v.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats: good wages
to right party. ASHER. 455"_ Minna st.
GIRL to at-sist with housework and 2 children ;
110. 151S Brodertck st.
FEW young ladles to Join night school: low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
APPRENTICES for^ tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO _ HARRIS CO.. S4l
Market at.
LADIES wanted^ — To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed, free: halt-dressing taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. C 5
Clay st.
HAND sewers on overalls. Standard Shirt
Factory, corner Couch and Grove sts.
GIRL to mind baby and to assist; steady place.
Address HOENIO. «19 Post st.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted —for bindery.
MYEELL-ROLUNS CO.. 22 Clay at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 222) Fillraor*.
A BRANCH office' for the recaption of adver-
tisements and subecrictlons has been opened
at 1222 Pclk st.: open till » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at K34 Va-
lencia n.
HELP WAMED-MALB .
WANTED
Driver for milk route In city: referencea re-
quired; KZ per month and found. Apply to
W. P. EWER _ CO.. «10 Pay at.
MANAGER; office work; salary JOT: email cap-
ital required. Box 1404, Call office.
DRIVER for milk wagon: city: experienced:
call Sunday bet. 10 and 12 a. m. ROOM 203.
927 MARKET ST.
TWO Scandinavian men; coachmen, gardeners;
in private family; near city; references. Ad-
dress box 3067, Call office.
HELP -irA.ll__— 3X-&LE.
a— ar— f u sat * e_.vi>y....ph'>k-: main »o
L— --::r.g rraghyyr-esr a_l L_>-r A<e__.
-cs-ant _->rr_.\T. : a. Jt ...-—---
a_i fT3 -J<er =_-__.; _o •___ rs. J5? -
13 l_>-,r<— > tsr a saw—.—: -»esj«— r-.ES ao fi -a
t sats. or rtrtig b-ur* ta }(__ r-rcJ— "b -
CT ia a_S .--ac—S
S sse_ — ¦ *_¦&•£_ beys Car ts~ » e*id B3
C £_— s. anetard. r_-f_r- ___* -- — -
CS. CS. K» a— l '--——•
ii'_xre_>e_i asd t«y»-J_, CS. R^ CS _-4 r3r 3
M._jS^l_gs_.___g4_; S-2S-2
» ___ers. bt__c r r.i<— l 13?. Ci ass. ra
_ -k— a^-rr tc— =«ta— -. city aad cs-c__7 -
; CT a_i *-— -f5
12 T «-- — «-»— i. city >;t-s-n — day a_ i CS i_;l
• coal tee—era. eo__ry Jsb- - S»T M
23 ls_— -ers. 4_r»— _t city jctt..t». _ S ___ H
SS w->r-4c_3Ci-«TS. _t— __ers. fcis prJeaa
> tl_r_r= _-;__• _ti>— s C sS ia-. CS i_i IS
c^-^d s_wrer. »4 day: e_rr-_g- _ti___a- O
_iy; w_r>! w-jrier ». wagr--___.er_. carr*_g*-
i___ers. 4 ta-;t— s. 4i_ft«_: co-_— — jr *;¦_
r»r;^-i**r fcr i_ ach. f_— » 2-<: ESw a_i ?v___
9(4 >sc_ a«t adirert— «>-d; cc=e _3»i ae-e. HUS-
RAY * fc__T, _4 a_3 _« __y s_
A— KOT__ AN_ OTHER D_PAJiT__NT-? .
47 e«c_t. es.— .e a_ i *cc. !_.. J*'- _ *. t* . _ S.
O. C 2. Ci a_i ;?_i-. fir bete—. __'*s. — _-
__¦_=_, r—res. j__r_M. etc ; « la ¦___-— -_rs,
g»l >tt»: TT wait*— 1 as-i d__.w _ii*r». C.
t_. t=i. J_ a_i f.c:_,;
MUB.RAT _ li_.'.-T. C 4 a— l CS C_y *_
A— _OOK ir_?-_ FOB II ¦ _-i'7H
bo otier ei-*_*i; w-> w^:i p__s j— i as 4 s«i
r_e_ as lai-trsrs <_> exs*r:»=-— — * ;-_red>:
¦rwi'll r_it f;r cew wrrk; wafis. C£ per
B_c__ axid f3t__3: steady )c5. MURI-AY _
R_A_T. C 4 aad Ci Clay »-
A— BAKER, breai and ;-»_— . c-r_-:trj r rbop.
l_ a_i f— __: cisht c:sr_. «__•_— _x_L C 5
a=_ foc-d: * s-_i,;e_e=. EX. «_ ari f •>-__.:
1* hay — a leers a_i — is — >— •— 1- it"?_ iAT
— READY. C 4 ar-i ia Cay r. .
AT C. R. HANS-N _ C 0.'5....::' G_AJ>T ~T.
Vastrd— Mo-id-iy ¦_ ;r_l=g. at T:X. w.ti tl_a-
ke-.s ready la gj c_ train, m te___ ters. Jab-
berers s_i roric_e=. n75 a_l C a _y. f— '
the Coast Ra-r-r-i. free .'are
£. _i_.ers fir q-_ar_ a_ . <j--i-*k»il-rer =_=^».
nM; 2 tlack jewfer =e=. Cii; ~ woo-S»-
_,«_. tiez-aiers a_ i wty:^:_ur TP*n 1 .....
HOTEL r_?ARTM_NT
Seccrd c-»k. C*. ard »-.::?:. KB. f.r tota. la
Hawaiias ls__is. free fare. »c* party ben r;
sec«_i cock and dlshw asser. cc—ttry hotel.
J*> a_J CD: _3e_ea hand. Ca. a_i _is_iwajh«r.
CS. fcr an izstir-tica. cc*---._y: t*=o=i cock.
m_M _»-)ardi_g-h;-3se, l«3; 2D iishwasie— 1 a_J
kitchea har.da. CttT a_3 <— _stry. C ?. CS a_i
tK. C. R. H-_s'S_N _ CO.. YA G__y s_
BARB_RS' P— >st-«:t« V-l?n— Fre- e_;^y-
rsent. H. B e~ :ar_. s^c.. 1M r_: t*i Jessi* — X.
WA.V7E:>-Ei-<n?-:-*l e_es-__-. s_i t-=3-
_er; ca*:at> cf taiir-g chara re ->f r.i-*sc_ a—i
l_r- d*rart_e-i_ A-^ly :•::» ~j~ -=< !^-
tween l»:a a_i UJS. MARK S _KOS-. I—2
Ma--ic»t s:. ;
CARPUILD-R- 5 ? war.te.— Apr:y J. KA__ON_
_ CO.. Seccnd a_i Towsseci sra
ALL sixes _*_'a sh>e«. s^ghUy i__ag*_. __;
pr-.ce- ;C MissUa »-. i«_ "Jt s= i l: «t_
MANAGER: fc__ ie«a ___: cfic* jciiti-c: ix-
ce::e=.t oxpcr__ity: =*_t tvest «__U ra^S-
tal. Bex 14:-:. Call off— c.
WANTED— Experienced bockkee^er: xz'.'.y ia
o— ha-iwri-.1-i* : r:o ar ;:.-".:;:•-. <xr_:i?re-i
wi'tc-t £rst-cla*s re;«—:_-~s; oc__- rr;_re_
Bex g~. Ca^ -fj-re.
JJA-C wa_te<. •-. wirk =-.:-:•..-.? _ aihine at
Cape N-— e; -__tt — -t C */ In cc_.pa_y s-*>c__
B.jx iCM. Call cS-e.
"K*ANTE_— sc t*r. reliaiie _a= cock c= ferry-
beat: references ITH-11-I-I' 3~x V'Ji. Ca_.
BARBER* im_:ediately: fcr co_ itrr. a-i-i ess
for city: good wa^es; steady. J. J. H__NZ.
«r> Market st.
— " ANTED- Vi -er.. H Ei per iiy i_i f :--__:
c~_tt deposit Ci> as g--ar_;tee ti re-— ai— •
months: gor«l security. >-_ a. _ -. »-s J- ~-.
Kli'— Har— _ -i st.
CAN yen t-r-rr-ach recrSe c_ t_rt_ ess _ ya:d
for It? R--.J— _. Cracicer tllg.
WANTED — OaapatCSl tea =_ rj— __ as fiM»>
__= in plair.-w^rk U-ja^ry: r-rf?r<— -es r*-
q"lred. A idress _--sdry-_an. bcx K4.S. Cal-
B OT wa-::«-i; a_o-_t :7 years cii Box S_7.
C_!l__
GOVERNMENT -xsiticT— : wtere lh*7 are.
haw ob"__ le^i. saiarir-s j.*i-i; ;_ ::ri.i.- » fre*.
write fcr drealar lIS. ~ aXJoa_J Cor— -apcrvd-
er.re I_Kltat>. Waahingtca. I>- C
tO_ICITOR f^r prtß—bac ofSce. _ ? KOBtCSSa-
ery St.. rsc-E 2X ¦
WANTED— Yc-ar.g rr .tn far £— t-ci_— — irff*n,
CIS Clay St.. S to _ a. p.
GET your ¦_— ¦ half-soled while — %i_-?: Be
to X*. iC Missicn St., bet. l*t a_d 21 sta.
WANTZ>-C'.r.;<:-r. t !iou:r a_l grocery e! "-rk.
cajatle -.{ — ar_glrg the bßrtwaa: refer? _ ?*•»
a_ d bcods require 1: appiican t* state -___o_—-
lty. age Bad sketch cf past life. A-iress P.
O. bcx 214. Sacra— e-t5. O_.
EOT c! 17. APTiy to M. H. CP-O=3Y. 4S»
Kearsy st.
WANTED— A ct>c_ Arp:~ at _ ~ Taihiigtca
WANTE E — Young _a_ .Sra__=a-ria-i pr»-
ferre-i). to wiih •ii.'hes »:i i". pcrter wori in
small restaara— ~ "4+l Kentucky st.
BARB-R wasted, i Market St.
ENGINEERS. 2re_ e=. _ach:-_r:s a=J e'er-
triciats: tend I*; tzr rew 4>page p*_ph:e%
ccntaising list cf ques_ c__ a«it?<i fey exa— ;-j-
l=.g beard cf engineers. GEO A. _ ELL-R.
Bockseller. St. L cat s. Mo.; __a=_c-i _t_a
Francisco Ca:L
MEN and w omen to arpoist agrrts, local as i
traveling; salary to begt_ ISO ¦_¦:-¦:_, ex-
pe_-«s: rapid adva_ ceni ••¦t: perra a=ezt ;.«.-
tl— is. BUTLER _ ALGER. New Haven. Ct.
W ANTED— Men to learn barber trade: c=_y 2
c_cr__ required: first-class _ ;st:-_c— ¦:_ Fcr
particulars address Garden Barber College. _?
N. Main St.. Lcs AB»el— . Ca:.
WANTED— Sa.:e?=__ ivr c-jr t;ys' a_2 ehi'.-
dren's depart_,e-:t. JONAS Clat__g Co.. O_t-
land. Cal.
EXPERIENCED batter-saker far erea__«ry;
city. Address bex 3C55, Ca_ cf_ce.
BOT. 14 to It: make h -r.s-lf generally asefal
In factory. 723 Market st.. room „.
WANTED— A baker, third fca=i. ca bread; C 3.
beard and Icx.gir.g- 2S:-> Twenty-fourth st.
MAN wanted to deliver and ccl'.ect ia 3aa
Francisco and vicinity: !_ week and «x peas**.
Address Delivery Dept.. P*orle»' C_. Firu-
eth and Market sts.. Ph:iad«;ph:a, Pa.
M_ N wanted to learn barter trade: c-r_ y re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and *\—Hrx
class; special Inducements this season; only
institution in the w-rld teaching this trade:
— ap of city aad in_itrated ci:i' .-_-_• __i;M
free. MOLER'S BARBEH COI.LSG2-, C_
Cay st.
CASHBOY wasted. Arpiy S. N. WOOD _ CO..
TA Market st.
WANTE D— A flreciaa as d blacks-— l^» fsr
Alaska. Apply at HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart at.
WANTED— A good steady bread baker. Box
r_n. Call. ¦
GOOD strong cut-off sawyer. Apply Ca:ifor__
Barrel Factory. 2_d aad TW— *¦ sta.. Potrero.
COMPLETE barber's outfit for sale: 2 chairs,
etc.: price tZ4. Apply at 1J24 Stockton st.
GREAT bargain: given away: 4-cha!r barber
shep _ sold this week. B;x 5X3. Call.
EXPERIENCED manager for aediuss .-slied
printing office; must be competent proof-
reader; perman est position to rood live — »-»
Address, with references, stating ability and
salary. A. 8.. box gIS. Call office.
BUSHELMAN wasted. Apply between • and
11 a. m.. CHARLE3 LYONS. Leaden Tail Dr.
721 Market st.
MEN and wemen to learn barber, halrdressisx
and manicuring :rade; catalogue mallei. 3.
F. B\RBER SCHOOL. UUk Howard st.
BARBER shop: buiidlng. ground. l>a_>e: coun-
try; first class; part cash. G. W. 3.. Mill
Valley.
WANTED— Recmita frr the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between th»
ages of 21 and _ years: not less thaa i feet
4 Inches and not over ( feet 1 inch !n height"
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inden-
tions it become citizens: able to read wrl*»
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruit'-r
Office. 44 Ellis rt.. San Francisco. Cal. cr
U) X it, Sacramento. Cal. " "*
SALESMAN far hardware in San Francisco
and surroaadlnir towns; permanent &nsition
to energetic party: e-perience not necessary
Address with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co*. If Wick block. Cleveland. OhJo.
BARBER wanted to buy barber shop- modern
furnishings; 2 revolving chairs, etc.: best lo-
cation In Alameda; will veil very cheap: as a
whole or In lots to suit: cash »r in»ta::-r.er.-9
Apply Oakland Auction Co., 4_ Twelfth st *
Oakland, or E. D. JUDD. 1424 Park st Ala-
meda.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per w»»k at
cash prices. N. T. Tailoring Co.. lij Kearny.
PENSIONS-CEO. D. CAMPBELU lawyer; II
years' practice: Examiner bid*.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25e night: reading room* free-
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W .£ N l T £?"_. L ?_T 1r * 1 _ and m *«»»a-i!e_ to kno _
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.- 150 larg*
rocms: 25c per night: n to C ptr week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for th»
¦n— -er at HERMAN'S. „ Steuart st.
LINDELL Hcuse. corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms _c to 25c per night, 75c to C per wwk.
? BRANCH offle* for the reception of adver-
_V > *i^S n U,it a< l inb9CT -PP t -°ns has been opened
at 123 Polk it.; open until 9 pm.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, STJ_nDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
28HOR*ns, LIVE STOCK. Etc For S«i* «
f: HGF-ScS for sale; also, warccs. buggies, i
carts. fcim«fca. Oracd Arcade Horse Market, i
527 Eiztk it.: auctica tales every Wednesday, i
rail.A.V i DCTLE. Aucticneera. j
EPAN tiifnrr* BtyUsk fccrses. U har.is. 7
years cii: sound; well *--~* Z^Zt liirket it. cr .
CAY tearc sjzi express cr camping waroa !
:-ear. At cortheait ccr. lith acd Guerrero. |
A FRESH caricad of hcrres. all sells colors, j
)~sz from tie Cicty racch. Valencia it.; }
-J-f. a carload cf troodmares, witk foal j
:. HEAD fire drift acd irivtcg hcnei at 1€23 i
fcri 1«25 kiarket it.. b*t. Twelfth aad Brasy; j
e.iso seme fice matched black team*.
— — — — 1 i
. OB SALE— Gentlec-ac'i road ccrse acd bike
t-fry- rALZIEL. Vet. r-ectlst. VX G. J ay.
SCEXXESS h--.r*e. t!£ , delivery wagec. $3C. '.« j
Hirrrt wtgeca. CC aad SZI. 15 Oty Hall aye.
FIXE stock cf ail class** cf hcr»ei at Swiuer i ;
t-1 --«» Ma-k»t 7r»'.'ih mr.i Market its. I
= j
BOUSES LODOIM— - FOR SALE.
A— «4-ROOM ccrrer; clcctzie eleratcr fZVX j
20 roeni; restauract ar.d bar; ta Stocktoa .iO
3C-rocm ccrcer; i ectracces ; cs_f cash 2300 I
S-rocm Cat; sew; eiegaat £ifl i
li rccrci; cc ccc fiocr. cear Call office £50 J
IT rr?rn«: cc li.wi.rJ it.; cdy $30C cash.. 4>>i {
'25 rocrcs; ca Market, st 5 wirth $1200 SCO >
19 norn; on-Masca at.; pa.j-mect» 4ia !
li rvotr-i; oc tCearr.y «t. ; grand tairala.. «C-w5 i
:« r^.^*i oc Market tt.: p*j-ciects ISM ;
TELEPHONE JOHN IL
n. c. r&:KE?. Usa M^ricet it, crp- F*.fta.
« — t t boom. I' • to »« ¦ i
S— *J r. houses. $*00 ta $43? j
?— 15 r. brutes. ZiM to $I^s< '
J— r3 r. hjUS«M. $".£3 ta $»J0 :
?— r: r. to-»*«. $11* u> $:t» !
l—Zl r. house*. $IXiO to $37i0 ¦
%—tt r. bouses. MOM tc $SOC') •
=¦5 re:« , MOM; O rrcs. $*;O<J
SE — •.# . iZiZ'i; '.2 mas.. VSX ''
UAMXOS CRIFFTN, 7:» Mar*»t. nr. Call aldg. '
....R. H. WINSTON A CO.. IKS SCarket rt~
Tel*-hca* Mict USs j
1$ rr-oKi; rect $-"-<}: fart cafh: cectral $?fIC? fl C ,
3 roctcs; cear itir*-t *t. : payments 753 .
li t~--:c^: rert £j: RSat tell; see it 6 0
- - • ~j: north of Market it. : reduced tc. tSSt
ZS por^cs; SS*J cash, balance tirce 17J-* ',
B <r^«.ra=tee full r«Jue fcr rour =:.-..y: we ;
rave ceases to ru:t voc: rcacv barsraics;
rr-icey toasrd bcyera. SCTTVrEINHjLED A
CO.. K7 Market rt.. ccjw«it» Siasoa.
A— WANTED — Good tecacta f^- c«w houses:
H aßd EM r>r=«. At SPECK & CO.. 627 Slkt. .
:-.::— I-:C USE c* 5 tay-wicisw flats. S aci J
- sees tri tath: let ItxSo; co arect. 4CS7 ¦
Smrtsrexa it., cear Castra.
'•I Iv 3 : 11. I^3— :3 c'.;e rirclihe-1 rocrcs; I*B3-1
<Iry aci tith: rocnia all rectei; reaioaafcle- \
-•HANrE-U-rcora house: ! ta:h«: $ p*t?ct
:.'«et?-. let lixij;: rect $30. Apply taiery.
Erctiwiy aci Leavecwcrth. I
ELE^IANTLY furnished C:u«e. i rscrcs. bath.
tasaCry; cice >ard; rerciacect rocrcers; :
proctatle t&— taCßtfit; 4 tlocki frora Market:
arm *.-! f>s.c 457 Galilee Gate aye. i
HOUSES TO LET.
A— i ".INTEO i:it: besses ta iet; seal for cir- •
eslar G X UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Mcctgc=«ry. |
Z 3-it:rr aci i>a£ercent r. ¦ .«e. moiera \
- -•¦~«cts; fir.c ficw*r gariec; 1711 Bu-
c.ii-i.r tz.. bet. S-itrer acd P-et. Apply tZi
- >jc.z<; aye. ;
BAKDSOSCE hcuse. I rootcs; Just reacvatet ';
H;:ti*.i: et.. bet. E-ss aci Plae.
•?E cf *ev»= eucr.y r :— j larp- rari ar.i
cSar; cct ar.i cold water; rect $t?. 7T7 Te-
l - it... fcetwe-c E:gtth acd N'cth.
1 ' -~ s.v» . CJ, ce-ir Laf-rj. aci McAlils-
---— = :cgle tcu*e, « rsc=s; tas«ciect: rect
- - I "ZNTC. tdt— North il-ie: cart cf Fc'k:
*¦--. all cay; new. cice aci tidy: rcartle aci
¦ avafrr tetween r>3rcs: ceiar llcec tri
:.he* clc*eti: full lecgti: ci.rrrrs in iocrs: •
Tr.xtZt-~T *^-~ c<-*c <-* rsactels. eti Key oa
i-'.t-.-s 1 tc 3 t^-iay.
ETTNNY :i-rccrr. t~a» I!T2 Pacti: aye.. near
r-xr.«..-r. f_ -FZCK & -TO. ¦
.ET Twb HiUJ. i-ccy r:c;se. $ roctc* acd
bath CM Ja:kscc tt.. c»ir J:ces.
j;—;:-:j ;—;:-: ai.LLZP. ft : S r-xjres. tath. ta**=:ect \
LT.I '.arye yard.: iucct «:i^; water fre*. [
HOUSES TO LET — FIR.M«UED.
rXCGASTLT fcrciabed baas* ec Pacific
H».tt.ts: 12 rcocs aci talh, stable, etc: rect
sable tc respocilbie part". Apply ti. ,
H UJIBSE3I t CO.. Z4 Mcctgociery it.
FOR txl« Jrectrally aci cesirably located, aa
«-r- rr. h e>ffict'y furc:iced. Iccluitcg
piaco; the rgrntt'i)"" ta ::•«_-. y cew aad very
tee. Aiireis bex ZZZI. CaJ effice.
EERKELEY-Slx new'r f.rciih*4 roctcs. bath
aci laucirj-; ptMO9i fie* mrice view; Urge
RwmAa ar.i gardec^; rect I—. Aiiresi box
. ill z:z\:i
FT'NN'T =:o-ierr: furr-l'he-i hauie w.th 4 er B
j~zrTr~*- cr*.h cf Market. Bex 10*4. CaU.
LOST AND FOCSD.
GOXJD er-e^rtacles. tetweec Mi«?ti aci Market. '
i.r :r. <J-)li»a Gate aye. ; rewsri. Returc ta
!tCS Twecvleth it-. ct*r Va-»ccla. ,
Fl^r-AY. Mi.—h =. atcut S i. =.. crayer bock.
Tr» 1..:t.- Macuii cf the Sicrei Heart." ca ;
t^c way to Dcir.lT.lcac Ctur^c frcm ccrcer
aUfsr&ia tci Ste.cer it.«. Plecae rer^m tc
2?Z3 Cz^ ':rz'.i «. i_ci receive reward.
LOFT— Fros 17C4 La*--r.a rt. ta ISOT'-i Eteicer. :
:^r-c t-.le '.eather valise, ccctaiclns; w«>ar-.cg
apparel, etc: liberal rewari. Address ISO 7
ettr^r it.
EOET— Big ccctalsLct; 'T^r* glasses aci holier; :
ic:t:z.l H re r'.a*s. F.eaee ref^m tc 7 Meet- •
r-rcry St.; reward.
LOST— Larze Maltese cat: $13 reward. Return
ta ~y:~i Valeseia et.
LC?T — ¦t""fT afterc.-r-c. lad>s* «r:li wat*h :
CsTClrg fr:rc J. J. O'3-iec's store to Marks \
Er:? : r-ward. A. G. FLINT. Leccx H:tei. ;
f fUTT TllTlts* iTmTI lide cctcb with. r-»ar;s. ;
Llb^-a.! rewari bex effice. Cc!untla Theater, j
tO6T— A t-r.-r: cf keys. Eet-rc to VOi. Elgtt- !
•calk it.; rewvrd.
I.OST— A jass-bo>:k with the HlVrcla Savicrs !
t-i Losus Society of Baa Fraecisea. ia the I
r.i-e ct LIZZIE KELBER. No. Sl-4SL Tc« '
Bafier wii! pteaw retara to bar.k. :
SIEDICAJU . j
LRS. GOCD'WIN. the well-kacwa lailes' tsysl- '
e.aa. fcrsserly cf 4CI Vac Nesi. returned frca i
E'-ircpe w-.th advanced kciW.edre; ruaracteed :
treatrcect IZ : safe acd reliable cure ia cne I
day: I* yean" i-j'^resif-jl practice tn S. F.;
=-.aterr.:ty b.reg: 1-w f^gs. VXT~. Market it. j
ER. G. VT. O'DONNELL. the wcrld-renjwned ¦
ladies' epec.altst; iafe acd reliable: has prac-
ticed ie S. F. *.~r years: treated thcuaacis cf I
cases ¦ucces«r=::y; tr»it=ect caa be aacd at I
fccice; ccerultaticß free; lcccess g-iaracteed.
W-te er r»;: «t irtSS Market it.
ER. NO TOT KEE, late ef Cactaa. CMca, t«I
acd herb tacltariuje. 7"4 Eacrxaento st.. ccr-
cer cf K»arcy: all c*l«*ases acd ailsesti ,
cured exci'-islvely by Cl:icese herts acd teas; .
advice free; effice house.. It a. n^ to 12 a., '
2 v ! :. =. acd 7 to I p. a.
»£RS. £r! KOKL. ladies' fjeciiliK-GMr- i
• - '. •-•-• — --¦ a.t cffi:e. SS: safe acd r«- !
l'atle; cocicltatlca free. 1121 Market rt.. bet. '
liaica acd Tayicr: beers t a. ay to f p. a. I
UKS :r. ¦WTETH. reliable ipeciaJlit; hctse j
in KtSi*E«t: ruarasteed treataiest at of- '
Cce. C: acy ailasect: cocsultatica free. U» >
F~it it., tetwe^a Hyde aal Larkia. !
lir^S. DP.. ALLEN. ISS Market, ladies' ip^lal- j
Ist: sr^aracteed tr^atrrect at effice. $3: safe {
acl reliable, cotnultatica free: lanr» 19 ta I. j
I.R. irS. MRS DAVIES. 122J Market: lad:e»' }
rhytlclaa: chrocic diseases treated: late idea- j
tate rc-thod*: cure guaracteed: treatEent. U !
r.R. WOE. th* ladles' epeclalls*, HIS Market !
c*..; e.-rr case guaracteed; iZ cp.
IjR JAMS' PIEP.CE. 154 Turk it., the eminent
fen-.a-le *j*ciatist: ccrce cr effice treatsceat U j
r-R. arc MP.S M. WEGEVEE-PrlTttt tuxnZ
in f—cfic»=ect Ut2 Oc'iden Gate ay».
tm. HIM. her* 4xt=r. tremts all dls-
•i**» r,f rh» fcamc ho«Jy. lis Ma«ca st.
MRS. DP. n-\KE, 1«1« EtttS «t.. Ataraeda—
Fercale tpec:ai:st: hcrce In confinement.
11COIC1TEO BATHS.
DR. CON ANTS Cccpcc-d Vapcr Bath— Parl-
Ces rfce blocd; fieutrcys diseafe rertas; pro-
tects: cbt»s: i»vital!ie«: saves life acd doctor
t ? cetfit* for »a!e: a?eet« wasted : seed far
tuvk'ft *¦ VT T^P<"- C 'f« «7 ¦?"•• «• !» T.. Cat
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
rX-ILERS. J Vr^ce»'."2d^casiJ^a^t=ery' Me^
XNTCSH A V.OLPMAN. :3S-I?7 Freasat rt,
EARS. tack tan. rc:rrcn. »hcwcase«. ccca-
ttrt. Ilaoleos. effice furcltare. store and cf-
te« fsreitcr* acd fixture*: new aad »eeoo4
hand- J. NOONAN. BtMBMBHM Misstoa
et.. abeve 6:xth.
IZ,(X» FEET rood •eeotsd-haad trtje; l~to (
tc:hes tn dlarceter; ia lets to tslt. THOMP-
SON. 4J Ma;c rt.
ANY c^actlty cf ccc-.raar: rabbiti acd does at
SPS-ECKELg Market. 7T7 Market St.
r.UNT pl*tocs— FU:et crosses fcr Kiuah breed-
leg; latter White L^rh'^n bees. Address
bex £747. Call office. Oakland.
HIGH-GRADE lady's. al*3 bcy't bicycle, ta
exteilect cocdlticc: very cheap. V*i Grove ft.
A FAIR "L*=air" o-«t« r^asses for $2: cost
crincally $13. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Gracx aye.
A— BUYS, seili cr recti rear nachlcery. ea-
rlaes, bo'.l*r». water Fipe. ihaftiag. pcileys.
etc TTHITELA\r, ZIS S;ear «*
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE ft
¦ t
FTTLL cresa, Tsxeds. ether suits Port'and Lcaa
Office. 25 Szcciazc: pecae Black 1201. pcstaL J
BARGAINS in potatces at K4 Secoci et.: teL !
Mils UO.
FOR sale— Steerage ticket en first beat tc j
Nc=e. Apply RICHARD UHTE. 425 £a=- !
¦cm* rt. I
A-$3 £8 DERBY ard Fe<J-ra hats. $1 75. Pop- J
clar Price Hatters. C 3 Seamy it., nr. Pice.
FOR tale— ficai choice Scotch eoUU pupa, I
mcaths old: peilzre* with each puppy; gome I
cf the beet blood ia England and America;
price according to markings- W. E. lEAW,
WatMr-gtcn, Cal.
FLAT in Odd Fellcwi' Cerr.eterr. choice loca- j
tlcn; sloping ground: no reasonable offer re- j
f-ted. C. H. ELOHM. HI Cal:fcmia et. _
EDISON concert phcr.crrarr:. trie* r-Uaced to
$IjC: cercert reccrds. $2 lA. EaCIGaLUPL
533 Market St.. Saa Fraactsro. |
HIGH-ARM Singer sew.cr machine: rood con-
dition: complete: cheap 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
FOR ia'e— Drawinsr Board. !6x4i; printing
frame with glass, !Sx42. 13J Douglass it.
A FINE cult $li: dress pants $2 73. Misfit j
, Clcthlry Partcrs. 417 M-nt?-?rr.ery st.
A COMPLETE cutf.t cf 2.1-hand Mnwp ma-
chinery. M;lr.tc»h * Wa!crr*n. J3S Fr»r-.n-t.
FCRTABLE errin^s. boOer»: Ircn ani wood ¦
riarers: l»th*s: 2i-har<i. J. Bnrkc. 13J Bea> j
A NEW Btmadard Tj-p*writ»r: latent model: [
cteap. Typewriter =lx^*ian*». 4C9 Caiifcreia. t
I H P STEAM hoist ar.d boiler in perfect .
crier; ch-«p. H. S WHITE. E!« «!si!ca St. !
NEW i"i -•-.-r.d-har.d «!ot machines bought j
and said. W. C. BEVTHAU 15J2 Market «. }
AUTOMATIC »»*;rt machine: rak woodwork: |
latest at*a-*rr.»r'.Ts; cheap. 143 Sixth st.
A 13-TON Falrbar.k* ».-a!e aB4 fire and burg- J
lar prcrrf «fe 21S Cal:f~m'.a %Z. j
SAFES— New and «ect— -d-har.d. THE HER- !
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento it.
SECOND-HAND Cr»rr=of «afe: I fire aad burg- j
lar crocf tafe: chea;. 42 Main it. j
SAFES, r.ew and second-hand, a.! gii»s. TOE !
WALTS SAFE. U*-m Mark-t it . Eaa Fra^
CNE 4-«;ded iti-ker: l cii^-er ga4 Btatefter; t :
»!r — — Tf««-:r: ; !ot— :<-t'v»«. ??*' Frf-nor.z.
SIISCEI.LA.VEOCS \VA.\TS.
¦>VANTEn>— Ccycte skirjs and ctfcer fun; prices |
hay» aiivanced; ihip to us at cn<*e If you :
•*rint ttjhest market prtres. HERMAN '
¦WaLDECK CO.. dealers in hides and furs, ;
t5 Car rt.. Saa Francisco. CaL
want"? 1 — Oii tart-flytaa ptc*oea: no iT-abs. :
Fcr terrr.s and «hirr'~ff directions appiy to j
San FT-ar.;!s<ro Trap Snooting As»o<:;atiors. C! '
Market it., rooa?. 8. i
WANTED— Car.aries, linger* ar.d T>rr.a!*s:
f--'.^"* p!gs. white rats. Japare«e tr*;*. runt
Clgeor.i black aad tar. t^ys. aafta puts. Aa- ;
g--ra cats. 411 Kearr-.y e^ ;
Gnor> t:".'.'a.:-* taM?: targ-e i'.ie preferred. Ad- |
dress fx 3321. Coil ?Tgce. ¦
HTT>RAUL:C pire warted. S to 12-inch: r've
i'.2e amount, location and price. Address
bex «-'45, Call office. j
¦WANTED — 5-ecr-nd-har.d e-apr.ocho=e with rec- i
crJ»- D:x SZ'l. Call office. ;
FULL dresa. Tuxedo and other euits. Portland
Loan Office S3 StJckton it.: phone Black •
12T.; petal. J
WANTED — Serccd-har.d upright ptaaa '.or
casr:. H. L «'H!TKH?Ar>. \V,", V»rk>t «t.
SIOSEV TO LO.VX.
_^ _ _ i
ANT proposition, acy amount; 8 per cent: first, !
•econd mortgagee, estatei in prcbate. latereit j
la ertates. legacies, corporation leans, chattel I
mcrtgages: cenfidential; advice free. G. E. |
OLf EN. rocm 15. first fiocr. Chronicle bid;, j
ANY amo«nt at 8 per cent; Ist. 24 and Id mort- j
rmgea, undivided interest, real eitate tn cro- :
tate; mcrtgages acd legacies bought ; no de- I
lay; get my terns before doing business else- i
where. R. M=COLGaN, 24 Moatgamery. r. 3. ;
HIGHLY respectable private place to cb:ata r
liberal advances ca d.amcnis, Jewelry at low- ,
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stcre, S4« Market i
•t.: te!. Mi:; 1544. Bracers 13 Third it. j
CN real estate. Ist cr 2cd mortraxes. arsd oa j
ferclture cr p'.anct: n removal: any amount; j
!cwe«t n'.B. BECKER & CO . ZS Montgomery. !
MOST reliable place to bcrrew en diamcadi. |
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHaL. 10 Sixta; j
higheit F"ce for old gold, i-.'ver. g'.a^jgd*.
ANT amcunt by private party oa furniture md j
place*: C 3 recMval: lew rates; ccnfideatlaL i
BCNELLI. Ccrnervatcrr b'.dr . 123 Powell -t. i
AT 12$ Kearcy it.. rc«n ». reipectatie prlvais :
flace to borrcw ca watches, diamonds; lowest •
ratei; take eleratcr. Tel. Davis S«- j
ON furniture aad places witicat removal: Quick )
•errlce- rccnev direct; lowest ictereit. Roonu •
a acd O. Dcschue tuildicg. UTJ Market it.
LOANS rraie en CUrnttm* at Hi p*r cent: lisa ;
;- A ;i t> •aianei; pe:pl*, HAR3HBARGER. |
23 Ells it., room 34.
PRIVATE party, ca furniture and plaaoi; 3%: I
co removal; co - .rrrr.-s" ". - 8 E4iy it., r. i*_ I
ANT amecct at 2 per cent en furniture acl i
ctaer oc'.lateril. L- M:RaE. 743 Mission it. ;
MONEY 1-^aced talaried people without »ecurtty. '.
HILL. m. 44. Merchaots" Ex:bc* . 431 Calif, j
AUSTIN'S Salary Lcac Ca. M« Parrctt build- I
teg— Mea cae gecure Icaci on p<?r«ccal ccte.
LOANS to salaried pecp'e; persccal lecurity •;
ecly. TOUSLEY. Cl Parrctt building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note withcut
:cd:rser. MORRELL. «l» Examlcer building.
$50 TO $a.CO«: lowest rates: U: acd 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
On furniture, places, without removal; co !
ccmclssicc; private. LICK. 118 M-AI s ister.
LF ycur rr-rperty tl tr.ort rated acd yra ceed
mere tscc<y see H. MURPHY. £30 Market at.
TO salaried men. without collateral cr lcdorser;
ether prcpcsiticci : private rocms. Saa Fraa- •
ctmei E*9c>-iu.it Ap«-t. 142 Phetan
c—^ — — — — ~— — — *— — t
MOSEY WASTED.
LADY wacts Icaa cc payiag rooming house :
from gectlercaa who will take Ictereit la •
rooms; beard octlccal. Bex ZZZ2. CalL j
MtsICAL I.\STRUitE>TS.
WE kecw that we giv« tl»e best goods fcr the !
least rcs&ey; call oa us acd lee our Decker.
Packard or Bocthe piaaca. MAUVAIS. 753
Maritat it.
WE have Juit what yoa want la the way cf a
piaco: prices «'*-< terms to luit. MAUVaIS.
7S> Market et.
BUY ccc of cur beautiful Otympta »elf-plaricg
music boxes cc Installments if jnc can't spars
the caih. MAU^'ALS. TS3 Market st. j
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest ho-i»^ I
weit cf Cticrago is KOHLER A CHASE'S. !
18. 28 and 3& O'Farrell St.; flanos. crgacs aci ,
all ether musical lastrumects of ail rraJes ;
ace prices: terms easy; prices Icweit; every- »
thi.-.r pc«sibl« dcae to please aad satisfy th* j
customer. j
KNABE pianoi; r.ew scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 33 O'Farrell rt.
A LIST OF MONET EAVER3.
Samples from factory which are oat cf cur
rurular tine; euch makes as 'Weber. Hardmaa.
Ccnover Behr. Everett and Kinrsbury; prices i
frcm $153 to $2CO less than regular price. Aiio I
8 slirhtly xzsei ptacci fr^m $117 up: easy pay- |
rrerts. "fee* vls this week If you wint a map.
EENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 CFarreU it.
ARE yea in need cf a p'ano? We have a larr»
asfcrtrcent cf new and eecccd-hand piaaoa of j
tie best makers; sold fcr cash cr very easy j
payments; $S down acd $8 per month far aa j
eiegact new nprtght; seme rood pianos for |
$3. $4 aad $3 per mcath. SHERMAN. CLAY
* CO.. Steicway dealers, corner Sutter and !
Keamy its.. Saa Francisco; corner Tnirteeata
*r.d Ercadway. Oakland.
A LARGE cumber of places yet remain cf the
Hamilton-Bancroft iteck: Steinway concert ¦
graads. Ccickericg. Hallett 4 Darts. Elllag- |
taa. etc: scuarei. $25 up: upright. $60 up;
bacjee. '• ¦: up; r-.!:in, $1 up; mandolins. $3 {
np. Byroc Mauf Piano Wareroctrj. 3-^-312
Pest it., scle -fc.- • t Sohmer acd Byroa Maoz/ •
Maca - I
A BEAUTIFUL cprirht piano: must be sold j
immediately; «cc tt befor* purefcastag. Rooa
21. Flood 'ruiiding. -,- .¦ ¦
FINE Fl*rh»r it Stein way upright: sacrificed, j
KEEJTE'S. ICIS Via N<?»» aye.. cr. Oeary st.
FIXE larr* upright placo sold for rt3rair»: $100 :
cash. WILSON- S STORAGE. 1713 Market it. j
A BARGAIN-Stetnway. $12: store opes Sat.
eveslcg. He's* Plaao Mfg. Co.. 13J Ellis it. j
DON'T buy; rent a new piano. $3 per month, i
PCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. E8» Hayes sL !
W. G." BADOER. 412 Sacramento rt., agent far
Fraacis Bacon asd Hallett 4 Davti places.
GOOD upright piano; ' nearly aew; cheaaw
HORNUNG'S. tls McAllister it-
BARGALV— Gocd upright: ct^p. SCHMITZ.
18 McAllister St.. next Hlbemia Baak.
SUPERIOR rtellcs. itthers. eld and aew. 57
JfULLER. msiter. r»p«;r»r. 2 Latham place.
~ MUSICAL lASTRUCTIO S.
jfCEIC le«sca« givea by experieaced teacher;
50c legson. Address box «080, Call office.
OFFICES. A-M? STORES TO LET.
GOLDEN OATE aye.. 15M— Stcre with living
rooms: suitable fcr any bustccas; with stable;
good location; rent reduced.
TWENTY-THIRD aad Guerrero: stare. S rocras
aac basemect: fcr bakery cr crusstare.
ELEGANT locatloa; suitable for doctor cr
dectlst. Audubcn. CalKsmla and Hyde.
FOR rent— Eleraat offices ta .Y. M. C, A.
bclldia**, ili»-:c acd Kills rt>
- PAL3MSTRY.
WATSON, the ••only" natura! palmist and
medium: full readings, IZc. 1581 Market it.
MliE. Neergaarf. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palrriistry: reads 1 to 1 SlB Geary, nr. Joaes.
PARTXEUS WASTED.
WANTED— A partner with lorse capital for
Nome by a young man with a patent gold
separator: has been Nome last year and
owns good property there. Address R. HASs.
£12 Howard it.
PERSONALS.
WILL persom who iaw La.-ly thrown from Sut-
ler-st. c-fc.r Grart aye.. Satuniay afternoon.
October 2S 1533 kindiy send names to or call
cr. DANIEL A. RYAN, r. 53. Crocker blJg-
IF MR DOYLC. lats sieoad mate British ship
Reiiar.ce. ¦»!;; rail at Sl4 Battery st. he wiii
beax of scmetaiELg ta his a-ivanta£e.
F. G". UILSON.
P.ESPECTABLE widow, good business cuall-
ties. desires acquaintance of gsqtleman wao
will assist her financially; object matrimony.
Box 3CS4. Cull office.
WANTED— To form the acQualntaaee of a lady
between Is and ZG; object matrimony. Ad-
dress box 3C&2. Call office.
FREE— Success ia life can only be obtained
through iufiuencf; will send absolutely free a
l-.0-t-ise boo*, which explains alt the secrets of j
hypnotism, perse nai magnetiem and magnetic
healirg; teli* hew to cure diseases aai bad
habits, er-iiies you to win and hold the lov*
and resrect of others: anybody can learn tn a
few days; we guarantee ijccess: write to-tlay.
Aitiress NEW JTOP.K INSTITUTE OF SCI-
ENCE, Department SI7H. Rocceater. N. Y.
"HAIR Doctor*! Reme>Jy'* correct!; manufac- j
turer uses himself; dispels timidity. KUES- I
TER. Specialist. N. G. depot, Oakland: not \
expensive t*cau»e effective; details stamp.
VIME. ADA cures rheurr.attsm. headachci. tm- t
potT.cy : all tala leaves like raa*io frora her i
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st. I
PRACTICAL machinist, expert In gas and ;
gasoline englr.es. understands designing and |
fattem mailr^j. wishes pirtner with Mac j
mor.ey. Box 3CS7. Call office. |
LEDERER'S Quirrtonica halrtonlc preserves and j
beautifies the hair; 35c Dot.; Fcarno Siiuojoo, j
B« ptg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton «t.
DR. "W. T. PARKER, the successful dealer, j
treats all nervous, chroaic. throat and ca- ,
tarrha! diseases without drugs; consultation j
and diagnose free. Office.- IC^T'-i Market »t.
LjVDlE?— Ycur buit enlarged i inches; harm- f
less **¦» guarantee; proof free. LEONARD |
MEDICINE CO.. Kansas City. Karis. j
20-IN. Switches for $2: this at Lederer's; every !
customer receive* a pkg. of fine El Perfecto
Kocge free; hai Tires* teg \hs very latest. Ec
G. LEDERER. 13 Stocktoa it.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric r.eedle; free treatment Monday. F-ccza
U, '.- '- Market it. :
SUPEP-FLUOUS HAIR permanently removed i
ty electric need!*. 12C« Market it., room 14.
CAST-OFF clothing, o'.d gold and silver bousa*.; I
»«r.d postal. COLEMAN'S. SM Keamy St.
AN elegant euit for $13 75 frcm imported or do- ;
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1111 Market *t., ;,
t-t *««.-. Seve-th aad Eighth.
, — |
RAG carpets wove to ortler arui for ial«; also |
cherilie-w«j»e r-gi. liik pcrtieres: dealer ia |
carpet twine, in tank or chain, at lowest j
rate*. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland, i
EDW. BELLE — Cudry. photographic Paris-
ienne. Entrance 16th. nr. Washi.-.stcn. OakM.
SOTS en easy Installment from Imported or j
domestic remnants. One Pric* Tailoring Co.. j
IZZ Keamy it., between Sacramento and Call- !
fcrnta.
MRS. CR. L. BURGEP. tate matron cf Ger-
man Hoscital. N. V.. icecialist for bladder,
kidney, skin <il*ea»#i and cancer, office I'A i
Fourth it. A testimonial: Wta. Osterfcold. 3aa J
Uit« Orphan Aiylum. sayi: I tad cancer ca !
rr.y left leg. I *v treated by Mrs. Burger, |
IC€ Fourth St.. artti certify that I was cured t
In a ihcrt time. v.'m. Oiterhaid. San Mateo. j
PRIVATE detectiva. wcrk: reasonable ratei: 13 \
years' experience. J. B RAY. 357 Jessie it. ]
WANTED— OId gold for maaarg. O. NOLTE. i
jeweler. US OFarrelt. bet. Powell and Maion. I
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing;
•uiti maie to order; fit ruar. I Eiffhth it.
G. D. MORSE, photographer, 2SM Pacific aye., j
between Pierce and Scctt: phone Steiner JML j
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. AM . PhD.. 1315 Und«n it.. Oaklaad.
CURLED or waved ha!r can be quickly cb-
talred by uslag Taicotfi Ccrilag Fluid: 25
cents bcttle.
ELECTRIC light! ta every room: Winchester
Betel, 44 Third it... r.ear Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per nijrat: $1 50 to $8 per week;
free "bus and barrage to and from the ferry.
ELAND'S ieccnd-r.and c'.othtng »tore. 73 Ntsth:
fa!! value riven for lai!<»«'. cht'dr»n> cast-o2
elothlrr. tmnki, etc- Phoce. Howard 1131
IF you wish full value for your eait-off cloth-
Ins: call en B. Ccben. 157 Third: teL Black 4123.
LADIES' and rent*' cast-off clothing bcarht and
•oM Ftlverrr.aa. »*4 Fcl*?m: tel. Fot»om 1131.
ALASKA fur ra.rrr;enti. hood*, mitts, leather
mfi H M PfrsrMAX, I"* gar.«»rre st.
PHYSICIAXS *.^D SI'RGEO.VS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
rrm M3>-k«t tt., b»t PlTth and Seventh.
REAL SSTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
"i ¦ -
GRAND NEW BUSINESS CORNER.
SS.OCO— RENT $218 a month.
Extra well-built, almost new, corner business
property; a choice tavestment.
Here's a Saap.
Next to corner; transfer point.
Si ¦ • ''. — Rent $44 a month.
Store and fiat; one tenant for 8 years; reduced
to make immediate sale.
12 per cent Interest.
Downtown Flat.
$70CO— Rents $70 a month.
3 fine fiats east ot Polk st.; never vacant; tot
worth i>.-.<..
$HoO— Reat $13.
On Broadway ; lots 2 blocks away selling far
$CSCC. *
Foreclosure Sale.
$5500— Present rent $33; have tenant for $SC;
store and fiat ca McAllister St.; not far from
Vaa Ness aye. ; mutt selL
GoMen Gate-aye. Flata,
$6750— Rents $52 50.
North side of street: 8 and I rooms, etc:
cost $3000; must be sold.
¦ $13.000— Rent $30.
3 2-story houses and larg* lot: mortgaged
for $3000; east cf Polk st.: by changing Into
Cats wtll pay targe Income.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery rt.
A. M. SPECK & CO €67 MARKET StT
OPPOSITE KEARNY ST.
$200,000— Downtown corner; modern 5-itory .brick
building: cost over $20O.C00; lot 140x135
ft.; rents $15.C00 yearly.
$30,800— Few blocks from Chronicle: pay* I per
cent net; lot 51x123 ft.; 1 frontages;
brick Improvements.
$75,9 C0 — Corner; half 'block frcm Market it.,
vicinity Hibernia Bank: 7S ft. front;
rare Investment: rents $300.
$£2.soo— Near Market and Ist its. ; lot 35x34 ft. ;
4-story brick baildinr: bank mortgage
$33.GC«.
$40,000— Near Kearay it.; good brick Improve-
ment!; rent* $3300 annually: SS ft. front.
$2S,COO— Let <B:9xl20 ft.: vicinity McAllister and
Larkin its : rents $210.
$24. OCO— Sixth it.; 75 ft. frontage; bay- window
buildiar: rents $250.
$12,500— Rents $130; marlce view; 1 new Cats.
$12.500— N!=th it.; 3S ft. front; 2 itorei aad
fiats: reau $1020 yearly.
$13.CC0— NE. cor. Fell acd Masonia are.; lot 28x
150 ft.: elegant residence, 13 rooms,
tath; all 'sioien conveniences; space
fcr a itatU; make offer.
$3.C00— « new fiats: reats $34: lot 50x100 ft.
$7,0C0— 6 flats n-ar «th aad Mission; renta $340
a year: lot SCxTS.
$s.soo— PoweU it.; 3 flats: rents $53.
$3. CCO— South Park; hona* and let 21x187:8 ft.
A. M. SPECK * CO 867 MARKET ST.
MY plan of selling tome* ar.d lets gives every
Industrious and thrifty family a chance to
throw off the landlord' » yoke aad become a
hofne owner. Ttey can be had upoc the pay-
ment of a small amount down and a imail
monthly payment — the usual rent money.
Go out and see the new I-story. 8-rooci house
ca ?th aye.. between California aal Clement sts.
Five-room and bath ccttaze on Hoffman aye».
Heyman Tract.
Fcur-rooin aad bath ccttage ca Bueaa Vlrta
•t.. near 23th aad Misstoa its.
You caa buy far ycur rent money with which
vw are now esrtchlnc the landlord. JACOB
HEYMAN, owner and builder. 117 Gutter st.
ELMHUBST R. R. station— l acre cf land itilt-
able for chicken ranch, with home and bara
for $C« easy terms. JACOB HEYMAN, 117
gutter it. '
PARK lots fcr sale facinc the Ocean Boule-
vard. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Setter rt.
A— DAVID STERN A SONS. Real Estate
Agents. 11 Montgomery st.
I choice corners la the Missloa caa be se-
cured at a bargain : must be sold to close aa
estate.
.Ili.COO— New fiats: Hyde, near Satter.
; $5230— Elegant home; Buchaaaa aad Butter
$3CoO— Elegant new residence opposite AlasM
square: a bargain.
$:300 — Cheapest lot la Pacific Height*.
Wttsfclnrtsn. near Central aye,; 55:8x127:t
$5000 — Reduced from Ss£oo; rent* $45: |
modera fiats: BrryJerick. near Fulton; 25x150.
$s*s3— Rents $33 SO; Pise, cear Stocktoa.
$2250 — Modera cottage: S3 Pcad; T rooms aad
bath.
ST2T4; $SOO CASH: baL monthly tnrtallments;
Mlmlos home; t large rooms, bath, garden.
etc.: Cae location: cse cf large adjotalsx lots;
f esced. Bex SSL Call c£c«.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
Real Estate Azeats,
14 Montgomery St.
$s,ooo— Rents $4» p«r annum; * Cats: Mission
warm belt: Capp st.; 30x113 to an alley.
$3,250 — Rents $300 per annum; price greatly re-
duced; 4 comparatively new fiats o£ 7
and < rooms and bath each; 50x124 to a
rear street: Western Addition; Inside
of Fillmore st. : Cats coat $jwi to build :
this Ls a bargala.
$19.250 — Elegant Goidsn Gate ava. residence of
11 r-;orr«, bath and laundry, etc: lot
runs through to rear street-
s4.Boo— Cozy cottage ca Paga at.: « rooms aad
bath; brick fouad&tioo: bay-windows,
etc.: 25x100.
$B. COO— Rents JC72 per annum: Tehama it., near
Third; several tenements and lot 4-2x50.
$3.500 — Rents $2i» p«r annum; Sacramento st. :
2 flats cf 6 and I rwkims and bath each;
bay- windows; brick foundation, etc;
25x122. -
$13,5C0— E'egant Pacific Heights macstoc; 14
rooma;-2 baths, butler's pantry; laun-
dry, etc.. etc.; 23:4x137:5; grand unob-
structed marine views,
$1,500— Rents $i£B per annum; ta close an es-
. tate: near Joaes and Pacific sts.; cot-
tage of i rooms aad lot; only $SOO cash
required.
$I,Boo— Rents $243 per annum; Zee St.; 2 houses
and lot.
$3.ooo— Rents $300 per annum: store and 3 rooms
and 3 tenements: near sth and Shipley.
$3.500 — Rents $420 per annum: lodging-house
and lot 25x70; Minna it.
$6,500— R*nts $S1« n?r annum; 4 etejrant fiats
of S. 7, 8 and 5 rooms and bath each;
and lot near 15th and Market sts.
$4,2so— Rents $420 p«r annum; Mission warm
belt: 2 fiats of 5 and 4 rooms: brick
foundation, etc ; 33x124; nice stable on
. rear street.
$5. 200— Very cozy cottage: on Devtsadero St.: S
rooms ar.d bath and basement; 27:1 x
100: to ctcse aa estate.
$S.O(X> — Pacific Heights bargain: fine modern
residence cf 9 rooms and bath; fine
flower sarden; 27:8x127:$ 14.I 4.
$S. ooo— Rents $732 per annum; 2 houses of 7
rooms and bath each and lot 33xlW:
Devljadero St.; must be sold to close
an estate.
$8,700— Ren t.i $73) per annum; 3 modem Cats cf
d. 4 and 5 rooms and bath each and
lot: Geary it.
Choice list of bulldins lots in every part cf
th« city at prices to suit.
New Pocket Map of Saa Fraadsco Coaaty, 25c
Ca.lt and obtain one of ccr "Real Estate Rec-
ords." which, contains a Ust of properties for
sale ta all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
U Montgomery st.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTIES
At Salesroom. 14 Montgomery Street,
MONDAY. April 9, 1300,
At 12 O'Clock Noon.
THE 4 FOLLOWING PIECES KNOWN A3
THE DL'SEXEERRT PROPERTY TO BF.
SOLD WITHOUT RESERVE TO THE HIGH-
EST BIDDER. (THE CONFIRMATION OF
THE COURT IS NOT REQUIRED.)
Choice Kearny-street Investment.
209-211 Kearr.y st. W. line, near Sutter.: iub-
star.tlal 4-s'-iry brick building; reats $228 per
month; let 23x57:5 to rear street.
Choice Investment in Wholesale District.
1» Saruome st.. W. iine. near Bush: luoetan-
ttal J-story and basement brick building: rent
tt7s w>r month; lot 23:11x87:8 to rear alley.
Choice Fourth-stre*t Businesa Property.
224. 226. 22S and 220 Fourth st.. SW. line., be-
tween Howard and Folsom; 3-story frame btilld-
ing. consisting of 3 stores and lodging- house;
rents $125 per month; Jot 53x75.
Choice Eddy-street Investment.
Undivided Half Interest.
517. 515. 521 and 523 Eddy st.. S. line, between
Hyde and Larkla: 4 two-story frame dwellings
of • nontj aad bath each; prcoortlon of rent
for undivided half interest $38 54 per moath.
Referee Sale.
The two following properties, by order of
Charles 3. Bumell. cole referee. Subject to
crnflrmatioa by the court:
No. L
783-7157-753 Mission St.. SE. line, between Third
and Fourth: substantial I-story and basement
brick building, consisting of $ stores and todg-
Inr-house: rents $243 per month; lot s&xlM.
Na J.
SW. corner Bush it. and Grant aye.: substan-
tial 4-story and basement brick building: store
on cround Coor and 3 floors above used fcr
Icdjrln* purpoces: rents $105 per month; lot Z2x
2S; mbject to a claim for taxes for the wtdea-
ir.g of Grant aye. (Duooct it.)
Referee Sale tn Parti tloa.
Tne fallowing property, by order of G. H.
Umbsen. sole referee. Subject to confirmation
by the court:
»53-»SS Mission »l-. SEv line, between Fifth
and Sixth: two 3-itory and basement frame
bouses; rents $S2 SO per month; lot 4*xSo.
Executrix'! Sale.
SW. comer Firth aad Folsora its.; 338 to 319
Fifth st. cocstitJ of 2 stores and 4 fiats, of 8
roios ana bath each: 901 to 905 FoJsod st- con-
sists of 8 stcres. 3 fiats and !odging-hoase;
rents $125 £0 per month; let 73x33.
Executrix's Sale.
iZ3 and 455 Stevenson *t.. SE. line, between
Fifth and Sixth its.: improvements consist of
factory, store and dwelling; rents $43 per
moots; lot SOxSO-. lUbJect to confirmation by
th* ccurt.
Cnolce Westera Addltton Comer.
723-731 Fillmore st.. SW. comer Grove; 2 bay-
wtndow houses of I and 11 rooms and bath each:
brick foundations: stone walks; both streets
accepted; let SOxl2S:«.
Choice Richmond Cottage.
112 Thlrteeath aye.. near I*ke si.; cottage of
4 rooms and bath; hl?h basement and stable:
lot 25x120: tali property faces the proposed
new panhandle between tbe Park aad Presidio.
Administrator's Sale.
City Hall aye.. SE. line. 173 feet NE. of Oty
Hall Square: let 22x120: subject to confinaatloa
by the court.
Choice Residence Comer.
2531 'Webster st_. NW. ccrner cf Green: sonny
desirable residence of 11 rooms and bath, com-
mandir.jr a fine, unobstructed marine view;
stone foundations, etc: tot 137^x137:8.
Peremptory Sale.
SE. tine Buena Vista aye., close to Halgrit
and Baker its.: 2 choice residence lots: 25x125
each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN £ CO.. Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery it.
McAFEE BROTHERS. — ~~
108 MONTGOMERY STREET.
ELLIS STREET.
Fine lot ca north sttta of Ellti St.. tear Jones;
33x12), to rear street; iplendid lot for lodring
house: old Improvements rent for $-13 caoathly;
price $29,600.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lot oa north side of Clay, near Locust; 14 Hx
127:3: splendid marine view; price $4500.
FINE BUSINES3 LOT.
Oa lfth it-: must be scld at ocoe; 83 feet
Croat: reduced from $$CCO to $JBOO.
A COZY HOME.
Ob Webrter St.; 7 rooms and bath.; price $S5OO.
NORTH BEACH CORNER.
Store and fiat of 8 rooms above: In good con-
dition: street work dene; rents $S0; prio* re-
duced to $C5O.
DOLORES STREET.
4 cheao lot* on Dolores it., near Crt; good
view; only $1SI« for 28 feet.
TWO CHEAP LOTS. ¦
Two rood lots oa Atvarado it., near Baschea;
21x114; reduced to $«50 each.
TWO MORE LOTS.
On California it-, near Seoond are.; tSxl»;
ocly $754 each.
MISSION COTTAGES.
Call for our list of Mission cottages; an parts
of the Million: on easy terms.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOT 3.
McAFXE BROTHERS.
ISS Montgomery it.. 8. T.
EOL GETZ A BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker bcOdla*.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$550 to $JfJO— Sunset lets: beat of all; graded.
sewered: easy Installments.
$433 ta $1000— Choicest Rlchaoad lots; C 9
monthly.
3190 to $250— Level lots: sear Mlsstoa-etreet
cars; $S monthly.
EXTRA— SPECIAL BA-ROAINS.
$3CCO— 2-«tory building-, lot 30.6x75; Branaan
it, bet. Third acd Fourth.
JSoC. $900 and IXGGG — « and 5 room cotta— * tn
splendid locations; easy paymeata,
CALL FOR MAPS AND DLA.CRAM3.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
FOR BALE BT
HAWKS A BKELTON. 323 Montgomery rt.
JKJ.COO— Nice house. 11 rooms; Cae view; cor-
ner Bnena Vlita and Java; large lot. TSxIM :
near Haisfct. ;^
$25.000— Third it., sear Howard; good bulldlag
and b*»*ment: rents $ISSG per annum.
J14.C00 G>ary st-. near Larkia: store and CaU;
never vacant: rents $12SQ per annum.
$11.500— Geary it., near Octavla; large lot: Im-
proved: rent low. $334 per annnm: never vacant ;
rood laveitment: make offer.
$i»CCO— Lot 137x137; _ Fourth St.. near Town-
¦end*: old bttlldln«s: rents $100; good far ware-
SjOCO— Modern house; Gough it., near Broad-
way; J rooms and large attic aad basecaeat. til-
ing, etc: view ot b*y-
s37so— Nice home: Hartford, near Castro aad
20th; 8 rooms aad bath: mortgage. $1S8«. caa
remain: ret tn a heme for $350 cash.
$2000— Corner lot: Montgomery are. aad Tay-
lar st.: th!» li a Mi bargala.
HAWKS A SKELTON. V 3 MontrMaery rt.
BARGAIN— Lot WxU4; will subdivide; 25th rt.."
above Castro; block from two car lines; itreet
work done; easy terms. Owner IU Clay it.
H. MURPHY. «3O Market rt^ mak«« loans oc
second mcrtgaffes^ lsUreata ta estates, etc
REAL tSTATE CITY FOR SALE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. !
10 MONTGOMERY ST. j
CASTRO VALLEY INVESTMENT. ;
$17.0 CO —Ten Cats and cottages: large lot. 3
frontages; rents till: a snap: will trade for va-
cant property.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
SZ7,Zoii— Paclflc-Ave. residence: elegant mod-
ern residence; 17 rocnis. 2 baths: all arrar-?i-
ments for aa up-to-date home: let 37:£x123:6-
s«oo— Octavla st.. aear Broadway; 2-story
residence cf S rooms aad bath: lot 25x127:5:
rents $45. .
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St.. Treat
aye.. Uth and lUh st-. being offered la iub.il-
( visions; call at oflce aad get diagram; $1-j0
| and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$40.CO>— Thlni-»t. comer; 137:«xi37:i; stcre and
Cats: good improvements; rents $"JS>>.
it'.Oy — Folson-i:. corner; manjfacturing dis-
trict: 3 frontafeis; rents $170; lot lSoxi7:6.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3C. r o— Rich st.; » flats; reats $42 10: lot 22x50.
$SClo— Rents $<w; Natccia. st.._near Sixth; coal
yard aad 4 fiats above: lot TfriTV
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
| $7iCO each— Facing Jeffer*3a • Square oa La-
runa St.; special offer.ng of se-.-eral choice
residences; get a diagram and particulars at
cfEce.
• fsvao— Nice suburtan home; "-rocm. ccttage,
4 bath, high basement; large lot 1"/S:»xl~i; near I
| Mission road; windmill; ash pond; every fea- j
¦ ture on country home, while belag coaveaient
j to ctty.
I $11,000— Pine St.. near Buchanan; good mod-
j era residence; 10 rooms and bath: up-to-date
plumbing, electric lights: lot 25x137 :<•
! VACANT LOTS.
$3C<o— Van Ness aye.; corner: 32:«xlO».
$2730— Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom: t7:Sx |
t 100.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250 — Mill Vaiiey cottage: 5 rooms and bath: I
partly finished atttc: lai-ste tot; will trada for
i ctty property. BALDWIN A HOWELL.
j 10 Mcatgomery it.
i ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
GAS AND WATER SERVICE.
i On very easy payments; choice lots in th«
j block recently aabdirtdexl; boun-led by H and
I sts.. Eighteenth and N!r.te«nta ayes.,: right
i en the Park aad the new Nin.et«nth-ave- bou-
i larard; mest cf the lots already sold: balance
1 bound to sell quickly; fine lavestments : good
I building lets: all ready; lota oa cSciai grads:
t macadamized; placJc sule walks; 4 per cent ta-
j terest only.
I SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
, OWN TERMS.
! Money advanced for building purposes: elect
! trie cars pass the property: see this block at |
j once: go to our branch office to-day, ccr. H st.
• »nd Ninth aye.; price lists, etc.. there or at our
cfSce. • BALDWIN & HOWELL.
15 Montgomery st. *
ELEGANT new l^s-etory cottage of 7 rooms la
Excelsior Homestead, on Lisbon St.. near
China aye.; part d^wn. balance monthly pay-
ment* same as rent. Particulars BALDWIN
& HOY.'ELL.
MADISON A BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
Cfi Market st.. cpp. Palace HoteL
Established ISJ.
$17.0 CO — Fultoa St.. b«t. Pclk and Vaa Ness
aye. ; tot s<htl2o to Ash aye.
$14,0C<V- Pine st.. cear Hyde; I Cats; rents
$115; let 34:4x137:4.
$70fO— Modem flats on Fillmore St.. near Mc-
Allister; reau $^); a bargala.
$SSt<V- Capp. near ISth: rents $55; Cats all
rented; 37:*x122:a.
ISWO— Fo!«om et.. t«t. Third and Fourth; I
stores; rents $42 10; lot 40x30.
Choice corner for Cats— Webster it. and Wtl-
<Sey aye.: 27:6x31:3; old Improvements; now pay-
Ing good Interest; $see cash, balance easy terms.
$SoCO— McAllister St.. near Laguaa; rents $57;
lot 27:«x120 to Locust aye.
$3000 — Baker it., near Sacramento: 8 rooms
and baLh; ta perfect ortler; 23:SxlC2:J.
I $3300— Pear!, near Market; t rooms and bath:
j 2EX3O.
$23GO— Bryant St.. cear Seventh; 3 cottages:
rents $20: lot 20x20.
$31M>— Oak Grave ay*.. near Harrlsoa it.;
rents $28; lot SSxll2.
$4^.V-Octavfa st., near Hatght; aa elmi: lot
for modern fiats; 37:SxS7:l
j $3SCo— Greenwich it., bet. Stocktoa and Pow-
j ell; good house and tot 25:SxlvO.
j $2r*o— York st.. n^ar Twenty-fifth; 5 r>?o=s aad
; bath: tot 2SxMO.
! lISOO— Day st.. near Caurch: cottage of I
; rooms: lot 25x114.
$1500— Cbrtlaad aye., near schocl hoes»; Jix
VXi: ccntalas $ rooms.
MADISON & BURRS.
Ci Market st., opp. Palace HoteL
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. <TNO.
fttt CALIFORNIA 3T.
IMPROVED.
Cor. Market and Valencia; old Improvements.
CxlO*— Ctty Hall aye.
25:Sxl2S;S— Union St.. near Tayicr: $ modera
Cats and rear house; rents $37: $12. 5C0.
OxlCO— Folsom st.. near Eichth; store. 1 fiats
j and r?ar house; rents $65; $4300.
1 32x120— Sacramento, r.ear Hyde; housa J rooms
j and bath- rent $33: $70C«.
: 23xS0; Fourth st.. near Harrison; star* aad
j Cat: $*SCO: *a!e urgent.
25x137:*— Grove St.. near Central aye.: cew 3-
¦tcry bay-wtsiow Cats; rents $C 0: $COO.
112:«x3?:SxS7:«— Comer Keamy and Greenwich
its.; M two-story houses; rent* $10; $JC<M.
45:1»4x137:«. with aa L— Valleja it., near
Mason: ccttage. two Cats and rear house;
rents $<34; $&X».
15x50— Fotsom st., r«ar Eighth; I CaU; reats
$4i; $6000.
»3xl22:«— Capp tt., near Treaty- third; znodera.
8-room house; $33C0.
24:4x137:S — Sacramento St., near Hyde; cot-
tage; tiZ'X.
4j:«x6S:l0 — Cqrner Bay aad Midway: ccttags
aad Cats: rents $?); $4*iO.
tSxieo— Webster it., near Filbert; »-rooaa cot-
tage: $4250.
25xSl:S — Twenty-fourth St.. near Dolores; 2-
•tcry house. S rooms and bath.
2SxS0 — Diamond st., near Twenty-fourth; cot-
tare: rent $15; $23C0.
23x20— Auburn it., near Pacific: 3-stcry house;
rents $24; $1700.
25x60 to rear street— Salmon it., cear PaciCc;
$15C0; 2-* tory house.
UNIMPRO\*ED.
S!xS7:«— Valencia St.. near 17th; »13.00 a
30xSO— W. of Mission st.. S. of Army; I lots.
2SxSS— McAllister St., near Webster; $5£CO.
SsxlCO— McAllister St., near Lyon; i2V.i.
25x137 :«— Frederick it., near Cole; $20C0.
15x137:6— C01e it-, near Frederick: $20C0L
K:!xlCo— Union St., near Pierce: $IKO.
80x71:13— SE. ccrner PoUt aal Lombard its.
180x125— NW. corner cf Fountain and Tweaty-
Cfth lti. I
A-CENTER A SPADER.
Real Estate Ageats.
11 Montgomery it- (Ltck House block).
$10,000— Rents $S0; 3 modem ninny Cats, each
contatnlng 7 rooms aad bath; always rented;
an offer will be entertained.
$20.000— Large corner, 233x160, ca FoJsoni it.;
the attention of manufacturers Is specialty
called to this property.
$IS GOO— Rents $ISQ; as elegaat brvestment;
pays over 10 per cent; ! frontages; lot 4«xU7:
good Improvements.
$sC<)o— 3 fiats and store, la rood business loca-
tion: oa Sixth st.; lot 23x30; tavestlgats.
$."»K0— Vallejo-st. fiau; 5 and 8 rooms aad
baths: well rented: large lot: 34x137:4.
:;;co — Brancaa it., cear Fourth; S0xl30; sisst
be sold to clc«» aa estAta.
EX7PERB BCTLDtNO LOTS
IN SUBDIVISIONS— GRAND VIEW.
Block bounded by 17th. Utah. Martposa ia.
and San Bruno aye.
EASY TERMS.
Oae-ttlrd cash, balance at I per cent Inter-
est; most destrable and cheapest home build-
Ing lots tn the new Mission district: lots grad-
ed: streets sewered aad only 1 block from 14th-
rt. cars. TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT:
don't mis* this opportunity: select your lot to-
day.
CENTER A SPADER. U Moctnmery it.
ONLY H block frora Missloa asd Boa-worth
its.; elegant new 4 room and bath cottage;
lot 25x150; street work done; payments $15
monthly. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Po«t it.
$3 MONTHLY! $3 MONTHLY!
Lots ready to build on, near Tweaty lecocd
st. electric cars; street work dons: prices $luo
and upward- OSCAR HE Y MAN. 14 Poat it.
CO A MONTH will bay a lot KxlO< oa Twentr-
first it., near Bryant; street bttmalnixed.
OSCAR HBTMAN. 14 Post it."
YOU AJFLE NEVER GLAD
TO aETE YOUR
LANDLORD.
NobwJy ever la. Jer.t day alw&ya eotsss too
Quickly. Why not set alocg without hlra?
Buy your family a home aad pay r It
with your reat mocey. Easa paynsen. that
you ciak* brtags yoa so csuch nearer to tha
time when yea will have no more payment!
to make.
Go out to-day *nd look at the elegaat S
room and bath cottags. It contains btrdseys
maple mantel; porcelain bath, ar.d all rooms
light and lu-cay. It can be had en easy
monthly payments. Take Misstoa it. car,
tran*f«r at Ed. ride to Hoffmaa aye.
OSCAR HETMAN, 14 Port st.
$333— WORTH $325: worth $323: a fine level lot:
ready for bclldlcg: oa Andersoa st.. near
$235 Cortland aye. : half a block frora school.
These loti are remarkably cheap. It wtil
$23S make . a home. McEWEN BROS., tH
— - Montgomery it. .
$3300— BUSINESS comer.; I itores aad flat;
new butldlag; reats $30 per cioath.
$JlQO— Modera cottage; new; S rooms, bath.
reception hall; high basement ; L&guna St.,
near Lombard; terms.
$100 each— Point Richmond lots.
JTROMS ENGLISH. U Moatgaaie— it.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms aad bath; lot 15x125. 113
Dtanacsd St.. Bear Tweatletli: no ageata.
H. MURPHY. S3O Market st.. makes loaas oa
teccad aortg%s^9, tsterests la estates, «tc.
REAL ESTATE CITT — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
No. C 3 Market Street.
A BBAUTIFtTL NrTSV HOME.
$3,20-B"jllt to cnler; new nouse. i rccms ar.d
bath, pcreelals tubs, tile maatels. gas
?ra.:-=3. chir.i clacets. pretty artistic
froct. Iron fence, cemen: walk, bitu-
men itreet; cars pass the door; Mis-
sion warm belt; will maJte tsrma.
PAYS U 1-3 PER CENT.
$3.<C4— Rents XZZS per annum; on Welch, cear
Fourth; i Ca.ts cf 3 aid 4 roosa.
BUSH STREET SNAP.
$«.aCo— Near Polk St.: lot Z7:ixl£l feet: back to
Jfern aye.: double fromxgw. tot alon«
worth JSOCO: in-.proverc-Tita; 2 hcusej
aad 2 fiats; rents Hi per month.
PATS 12H PEP. CENT.
$7300— Near Etocitan aad Sutter sta. : 3 new
Cits of 5. 5. « rooms xad bath: every
modern Improvement: porceiala tuba;
tile niaatels, etc: lot 3Cx«3; all reated.
NEW MODERN RESIDENCE.
$3,loo— Hacse 7 rooms ar.d bath aad basement:
all modern Improvements; dome ce»i-
- lags: pcrcelaia tubs: reception ha::;
white and gold mantels, etc.: lot Bx
10«:J; Clayton it., near Waller.
COMMERCIAL DISTRICT.
$U.Mo— Saasome it., near Jacksocx: old tnpt*.
$40. OCO— Northeast comer ca Sansome it.; stores
and hotel above; lot £3:3x117:4 fe*t.
WILL TRADE.
FOR IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$7.«Q— Fin- level ccrner lot. 1T7:€x137:« feet; or
will cut Into lots; oa Hyda st. car
Une; fin* marlas view.
CHEAP LOTS.
SX.SSO— Dolores St.. near Ed: J frcntaares: tot 33
x! 17:« feet: cheapest lot la tha vidalty.
$l.EoO— Waller it.. n«ar Staavan; JSxIM.
EASTON. ELT>RID«^E A CO.
CS Market street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.. '
C 3 Market Screec
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AterioN.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. APRIL 17. WO.
At 12 o'clock, noca.
At our saJesrocm. <U£ Market it.
JONES-ST. MANSION.
Northwest corner Lombard and Jones its.. Nj.
SOi Lomfcturd st. ; large elegant resMen<:e
of 12 rooms aad bath. a:t:c basement.
laundry, etc. ; finished tArougrxout In
natural woods. Toya wood. oak. walnut,
etc; original cost $23,CtXJ; to be suid xt-
splutely ta highest bidder over $SsCO
mortgage, waica caa remain, if desired;
n.isii.t feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North side. No. S4C3 Washlngtoa »t.. near Web-
ster; targe residence of 9 roccu and
bath; modem improvements; sunay aide
street; 25x32 feet.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
West side. Nos. SIX aad tllH Broderick St.. cear
Grova; S fine well built flats :: i. i. t
rocms and bath; rents Hi per month;
terms cash above hank Indebtedness of
SMCO; 2Sxi:Q feet.
ELEOANT BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
West *ide. No. ISI7 Broderick St.. 120 south of
California; new modern residence of 3
rooms and bath; servants' room. !aua-
cry, etc.: porcelain tubs: tile mantels;
every medern Improvement; a fiae key
lot. giving 2:ght aad sua La every rocm;
caa arrange terms.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
East side. Nos. 732-754 Claytcn it., near Wal-
ler; I new etegaat modern fiats of 4.
7 rooms and bath: beautiful aad artistic
la every particular; all medera Im-
provements; porcelain nibs: tile man-
tels: frescoed dome ceilings: tight ani
sun In every room: lot 22xi:«:3 feet;
rent! $."-5 per month; terms $1300 cash,
balance Installment lean payments $34
per month.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS PROP-
ERTY.
North side. Nos. r<:-5104 Ualca it., near Bu-
chanan it.: I-story building containing
store aad modem well-claaaed flat of
7 rooms aad bath; rents $4i per monxh;
r:€xlli) feet.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
East side. No. 71S Cole st., near Waller: a
beautiful aad artistic home cf 12 rooms
aad bath; every modem improvement:
pcrcelaia tuba; tit* mantels; frescoed
dome ceilings, etc: 2S£m feet.
AD*MTNTSTRATOR'3 SALS.
Estate of Lcreazo Dresco. deceased.
Northeast comer Lyoa st. aad Goidea Gate
aye.. Nos. SCO to MSA Lyon st.. aad
Nos. 1534-1994 Golden Gate aye.; 13 sunny
modern fiats: rents $WS ZO per month;
all modern improvements; this fine in-
vestment must tx» soli ta satisfy clalsxs
against the estate; 4t:I3xIDO feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLAT 3.
North, ilde. Ncs. ISI3-ISJ} McAllister it. near
Devisadero; 2 new elegant modera Cats
of ' aad i rcocu asd bath; 2SxI37:S feet.
POINT LO BOS- AYE. FLATS.
Nerta il<le. Ncs. 1425-1424 Pciat Lcbc« are..
near Fourth, aye. ; I well-built fiats of
< arid 7 rooms aad bath; modsra Im-
provements; rents $34 per month; JSxi.O
feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER LOT.
Southeast ccrner Washiagton aad Lyca sta ; a
beautiful ccrner let; level and ready fcr
building: in fine residence neighborhood:
Sl:2xl00 feet.
TWENTY-SSCOND-ST. BUILDING LOT.
North side Twenty-seccnd St.. 130:11 feet west
of Church; fin* cheap lot, with good
view; dese to Mission and Tweaty-sec-
ond-it. cars; 23x114 feet. •
Catalogues of sals cr farther particu-
lars at ocr effice.
EASTON. ELDRHM3E A CO..
CM Market st.
AN IDEAL HOME
AT A LOW FIGURE.
$2755— New 2-stcry hous« la tha growing
T»t«.hTTTfirni district: contains f larg* sunny
rooms, porcelain bata and vestibule paneled I a
oak: big lot. H9EB9; nice tawa and plenty of
Cowers: chicken house, sheds, etc.; charmlay'y
situated ; comrr-anding views cf bay and city;
electric cars wtthin half a block; S2SO casK bal-
anc« $23 monthly.
LYON A HOAG. Hi Montgrjme— st.
SWELL FLATS
Ia a Select Neighborhood.
JH.IM— Pay over 13 per cent; Buchaaaa rt.;
t hacdsom« Cats; marble steps; tiled vesti-
bule; latest sanitary plumbing: a fin« lavest-
meat. LYON A HOAG. U'« Moatgoiaery it.
A HANDSOME HOME.
A crw house oa N'larh aye.. cear J st.. 1
blocks from the park: ceo tains 7 larra suaay
rooms, finished basement. 2 mantels, large re-
ception hall, fine porcelain bath, bay windows
front aad rear: panoramic view cf park ar.l
bay; aa Ideal heme; close to all the park at-
tractions: price only $3153: terms same as rent;
take Eddy-st. cars (Haight-st. cars transfer).
get oS at Niath aye.. walk south 2 blocks; a
pleasant ride: caa reach town la IS minutes.
GOING FAST! GOING FAST!
3 SOLD IN » DAYS.
LYON A HOAG. 114 Mcntgsmcry at.
PAYS 13 PER CENT NET.
$C2.oOO— Aa excellent corner Investment oa
Post «: . doee to Laguaa; extra large lot; reats
steadily.
. LYON A HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
$4750 — Park panhandle district: new hoes* of
7 rooms, bath, etc.: will te sold oa terms ai-
rzost as easy as reat: Cae larga let: oa car
line; pleasantly situated : good neighborhood; a
very destrabie home la- every respect; price Is
very low. •
LYON & HOAO. 114 Montgomery it.
JOHN PFORR, VJ Pine St..
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
One of Use t—rx. locations for fiat docs—;
healthy and bandy: a large lot ca 13th st.. Jvsz
west of Valencia: ICiO feet, ruantna; throogh ta
Clinton Park, with 12S feet Croat on park: for
sale as a whol-* or la subdivision; price very
reasonable.
$i«o— Rent $243 per anaua; a fin- boslaesa
property ta the Westera Addltlos; . t-stcry
house, stcre and fiats.
$34flC^-Rent $30; a splendid piece cf bcslaess
property; itore and dwelllag; tot 23x73.
$$50— Rent* $73; 4 splendid fiats la We«t«ra
Addition: lot lOsSO.
PARK LOTS— AN EASY METHOD TO GET
ONE.
Oa Installments— $15 dowa aad $3 per iscath:
price SILO: park lats 25x129 feet each; w*!j lo-
cated; only i blocks from th« park aad 4 blocks
from the boulevari.
C C BEMIS. Real Estate aad Geaeral T-tcd
Agent. Z24 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twecty-s«Testa
aad Douglass sts.: must b« sold; 30x114 feet.
nSCO— North lisa Carl st.. near Staayaa ; 2Cx
C 7:« feet. -
SACRIFICE— New J-rocra. 3-story ttoc»e: lot
Is:axl2o. wtU» chicken-house. «tc.; suitable
for Cau: must be sold; make aa offer; iZ.<Ji
or less. SHAD BURNS. ClB Sacraai«nto it.
EF you have lets ia Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish ta sell quickly thea
call ca W. J. GUNN. CO California it.
HAVE yoa real estate ta the Misstoa or H=r-
Ber*s Addltica that yoa wish to dlspoa* of
thea call ca W. J. GUNN. S» California it.
t REAL ESTATE CITT — FOR SALE.
$S3o— FORECLOSURE: bank mcrtsaga $li-«>:
Cn* chance tar a home: el-saat cppomnity:
comer lot 25:2x^5:3: 7 rcoras and bath: b«7-
wisdowa; Eoota Eroderici aad Fourte«t:th.
R. McCOLGAN. H Montgagery »t-. i.
\ FLATS on Silver, near Third: goc»i L-iv»3Cseat.
THE UrCAP.TKV CO.. *4» Mirk"' st.
f HEAL tSIATL— tUI.MUl — »'«r 3«1»
COLU3A COCNTY BARGAIN.
• SZt per acre; 3?Cu acres). 2X.Q cf which Is rs-
j claimed : . -.- : . fully protected by levees: all ia
! grain in or.* boiy. aad *» acres about 2 mills'
I distant, alt !r» grain; with improvements tfcat
j cat its. OW; *I! rented for one-third of th» cdj
; delivered; on« of b*st-ksowa ranches ta ta*
i county.
GLENN COUNTY.
1--** a^rres. rw-nr Princeton: river frrratase.
n<»ar »t«i.m*r tandiac: atytit *00 acres ta crow-
Ia« croc; balance summer fallow; £ac boild-
: ir.gs of *v*ry diiscriptajn completely equipped
' with stork aad Koala; will b-s sold at a bar-
iioirt. tncludlra; crop.
FAIR OAKS.
A beautif-il TilU itte of 7S acres, wtta clc»
¦ oak trees en a corner tn the Poiheavis Tract.
[at a barsaia; also 40 acres en BaQ9 laae. Bar-
' minded by beautiful nome-s at, tZ'i per acre.
t tl i*i per im: 17.*J0 acres of gjod n**e b^t-
, torn lac! in Pu;:#r Ccuatv; the greatest bar-
; fJa ia the State.
R039 VALLEY.
Sale or exchange, a beautiful ir:burba3 r-sl-
'. dence wita i acre* of land: elegant house of
: 12 rxirss; stabte: te.wn; lowers and sh— jbbery.
"•ViU exchange for ~oa Fraacjc-j croperty and
ray cask difference.
1 G. H. CUB-TEN A CO..
14 M>nt*;ic*ry sC
E>avt3 Bush. Mir.arer Caun:ry D^partmeat.
11 ACRES close to dev»rt. Z4 tr.'.'.-^t from t>.:«
city: 3 acr*s tn vireyard: icme orchar-l:
boose and barn; a fine r.*iehS>jrSocd: beau-
tiful scenery; ruaninir wa:er in front: bar^c
price $13*»: a snap: don't miss tt. H. H.
CRANE, ill Call'omlA st.
$C 2 " C 5" PEH a-re for lrr.-r-.e-iiate saie: 30
; acres »or le»a>: n*«rty «!| ts crrp; .Vlaaje-i*
Cr». : no such barren ever cSared. H. H.
• CRANE. J.^3 Cilifcrrl* ft.
SPLENDID farm of U7 acres g"°d !ar.i ai-
I jotniKs; town o! P'.eajantcn. Alaa*.eda Cteuaty:
I ran n.>w b* purrrrtaaed at $47 m per acra ar.d
; Uicl-jdlng portion of growiag crops. H. tl.
i CTiANE. 5.13 Callforr.la st.
; STORn and resl-lsnc* prr»p«ny with lang» let in
[ town: Aiarneda. County; only COf): ••• this
I 3 - H - il CrtANE. ICT- C*:if:maJ it.
1 HOTEL, certnl. Aiameda Chorrtv; lar?» lot:
hotel li rr.«-rr:« arj bar d.-Ins fine baslr.es.'":
ccttare. staM?. etc.: hau3«s well furr.i3h^i;
enly hotel :a town ar.d a: R. R. depot: 33
fni!*» Cmra t>is city: price $.>.<;«: easy terms.
H. H. CRANE. Caltfjrr.lA *Z.
! $?:.:r>-A r.r.F_\T ti.-sroiri: U a^res: % prcf!:a v !»
! a--:-i beautiful horr.e farra. » mil*s frora th:3
I city, near rallrrad town; about E) acres ta
' fruit; all la full beartac: apricots wtll ;•» a
j Ur?s crop: gooi sot!: w»!l watered: pa«Kir»
! ard crop land, with grove of live oaks: b«aa-
• tifut vtew; imprrjvetreat* first -class: heese 3
' morns: well furnished; in spJendid condition:
' bams ar.d oathcuse^ corr.p'.ete; water fr^m*
¦ iprings to house and erounds: al! farrrslas
trnpletrents and tccts: the price is less titan
cne-fcalf cost: gocd reasons for sn tmmerfia:*
| «ale. H. H. CRANE. :cs Caltfcrnla st.
: 123 ACRES— £2C<>; near Haywards: house: barr.:
; J horses: 9 cows; i& cUAm; cheap. C. K.
KING. VjZ Ercadway. Oakland.
' $rro—S ACRES: n-ar Harward*: hcus*. »
room*; hara: 1 acre fruit, ta'.irce «rala and
1 tvcrta&lo. C. K. KINO. XZ Broadway. Oak-
; tar.l
5-0 ACRES— S rr.i!»s frrm Liverrr.-r»: S-) acr»*
farrred t-> gr-iln; r.ew rer::«d: $11X0. C. K.
KING. M Broadway. C3kia.-.d.
I > ACRES: Saa Lcremo; v»?»tab!e '-md; r?'?*t
barsa:n; tr. 0. C. K. KING. >12 Qroadway.
Oakland.
IBWr TTTT a-acr* ranch: level gar-lin lar.d:
i go«^d house; barn full cf hay; Sac horse,
tuffgy: lj») chickens aad farralns; tocts, etc.;
1 fare 50c: mile to station.
Cl?arance sale: s"c oa th# SI: tJ Sn<t ba-
\ pro'.-ed farms ia prices ranging froas VjVQ ti
i Cf.y^i each: they belong 1 to a bank and ar*
j ordered scld wlthfa sixty days at 4 apprala^-J
j value: easy terms; freight ti S. F. $1 a ton;
i fare 10c. Call for full printed description.
$I^>— Nice 11-acre home, on R. F_ ; nice land;
some cak trees: pa-ible SVi a mcntri.
LAND CO.. 44-) Hir-c-t st.
A SURPRISING offer— Given away: cr.'.y r.r->
for ISJ acres: TO fea.-ed; 13 acres r!c^e3t aC
valley loam; fully 15ft) cords cf cak: J-rocrr»
house: well; livtag- creeJt: % miles by geed
! county road fr-.m Napa.
N- D. SICKELS. t- w .e La-d Ar*=t.
10 Geary it., cpp. Chronicle bid?.. 3. F.
: $C3— 4o ACRES: Laka County: 5 acres Im-
proved: house S rooms, bara. crchanl. etc;
[ scfc-Tcl *i mile.
$Z"> per acre — 43> acres: eaoic« larvei land.
Stanislaus Crts-ty: 1 rrJ'.a frr.sa rallr-al
&t-?cz: ftrst-clasi buildings: ij cash. C. F.
MOORS. :<5 Mark-it at.. r:c= «¦
j FOR sale — 2T I - acres: hems*, bara. «— L' orch-
; ard. i chickM h^ises. ch'.:keas. horses.
wag-ca. ruralture. fim fcnplemeats; every -
thlaff need-d en a small raneho: bo as^rrts.
For full particulars address GSO. A. MIL-
LER. Cctatl. CaL
• ALTA PUNTA Tract. 3aa PiMc it*.. J rrriT**
! ncrta of Berkeley, near Santa F~ Rallr"»d —
Valley land by tie acre. $ir~- t-> $2fM. Call for
! maps. etc.. en G. T7. HAIGHT. 4CI Cal. «t.
! FOR sale — Ia M..l Valley; house cf five nesi
i and bath and tsar srrall rooms la basement;
t furnished or unfurnished; lot SOxlM; ganJea
f aad crchari of $J tr*^j: 5 minute*' walx Crora
; statlca: $TKC. A;p.y iZi Turk it.
i MAP.IN CO.. B tri!.*-s f-rra S. T.— s4o W $*> F*r
! acre: chctc« lands ta tracts of all sizes; ira-
! proved farms, chicken roaches, hay. grain.
[ frslt aad vegetable loads: easy terrrs; rail
i and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rccm J. »:h fiocr. Mll^ old*.. 3. F.
i ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Patio aye.. 3 miles
1 Berth cf Berkeley, near Santa F» nHmJ:
valley laad by the acre. r»> M $T"«. Call for
maps. etc.. en G. 'W. HAIOHT. 4-'"'l Cal. rr_
: S-ROOit summer eorta*- at Inverriesa. Maria
Ccunty: fine bcatlns and bath4nr: ow-er *->-
\ tag East: a bargain for cash. B.ix JC«I. Call.
[ J. W. HORN. »i: Main St.. Peta.uma: real esl
tate and thorourriSred P*?riaa Send
fcr free list cf Scaesm Cooaty tamtris.
i FARM? and city realty to •»:! cr eT^hass^.
\L GRIFFIN. 7T3 Market, near Ca!l bid*.
! FOR sale cr •xtrr:ar!g«' — 45 aires ? m2es fna
Na;a. R. HfVKEN. N*;*.
RO<S VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
F.CS3 VALLEY Ttlla lets. KxICC: $3ffl to $3CO:
I fine v!ew; Saa Rafael water 17 ifra; coed
I dralaare: 5 minutes* walk f»cni itattca: sprta-
i kled roads. P. R033. TamaJpais Station.
SACsALTTO hEAL ESTaTE.
IN SAU3ALTTO.
CSZo— Just completed: t larg* stsnay jnems;
contain every pcssihle ronventence: strictly
modern and built by day wcrk: view and loca-
tloa the choicest of any: targe lot: imai: pay-
cents: sar=« as rest. Asply to MP-3. M. J.
CR.UMPTON. Real Estate Office
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
M-V.RION GRIFFIN. 713 Market, cr. Call b'.d^r..
wants city Frtsperty ta exchaasr* for farms.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! A FL^T~eTTbe«iirifal larre reams, w.de hall.
staticnary raSa. wiU> bath, ccma^teiy far-
nisned tor h<juseks«?ins: hot aad cold water;
gas and telephone: new- hoose: fine V.ew;
healthy location: in a STnV. private tamily:
no cMidren wanted: rent reasocaale- 4^l
: Twentieth it-, near Castra.
t CALIFORNIA. E2S— I or 3 lunay furnishe-i
rocms: light hcus«keepl=«;: reaaocahle; ref-
tregces exchange-i; crtvate fa=tT7.
'. CHURCH. S3— Fursl'hed roccas fcr housekeep-
ing cheap; corner buildinf.
i EDDY. CJ-Tto connecting; snnny back 6as»-
I meat rocms: very ccsy; cccifcrtahle; itsva,
j link, etc : ST.
i FILLJIORE. BEt n*ar Clay— Three uafuraished
rooms. $13; also 2 unf*:rn;sb*d rocms. V.
• FOLSOM. S3— La— « • fumlahed roesi; ll^ht
i hcus«k«eptng; SI S«> weekly.
i FOLSOM. 77« I T-J neatly furnished ccn=»:Ua<
! rcoaas for r. : ,*~<r- r r.^ . rent rajastble.
: GSABI. Hl— JTlce (ensy rrsom.
¦ GRESS. 4X7 — Tare* wunny ennnecttn*; rr»m»;
reatly f=rcishe<J: sanay yard: suiJt place; UK
HARRIET. «. cfi" H>ward— Two roots* fur-
r.Uhed fcr hcusekeepiss;: water aad gxri/n.
HAVES. 423— Nlc»ly ftirsJshed trret rcca tzr
light ttousekeeptag; gss aad hath.
>: HOWARD. 7T/-T- Nicely furnished Bay-wlaiaw
I f~:z*; kltchea; man aad wife: others.
! HO'CARD. 113. bet. 7ih ar.d ith— Two «032y
hous«keep:ag ry>ms ta prtvite farr.iiy.
| HYDE. «S— 3u=ay frcat su'.t^. ecmplet* izr
\\ :uj-*k?-; :r.4 : rrcuad Socr; fW.
j rWT aye.. 23—1 very rinay hoasekeepla*
r rooms ; stava. s^ik and raaay yard.
! JESiIE. 57X near Fifth aad Market— Houj*-
keeptng rccms; TS.
LARKIN. So+— Large sunny back wo. aeatTy
furnished for hocsefreeptag: 1 cr 2 persons: $7.
r jiaRKET. 13?3. over Monarch Sho« Stcre— fur-
I Blshed housekeeri"^ rvu: al^o sins'* renrns.
1 MARTHA place Z. of! Geary st.. near Tayicr—
i Two furnished rocma fjr houaekeeplas;.
, MINNA. S— S-jzj.7 faralshil ba~ ¦ tm gta» aa<s
: single r:cni3,- 75c aad $1 per w?**.
MISSION. Sa»— l cr J suany rocms furnished
compete far tocaekeeplag^
For Additional Clasdlfled AdrvrtlM^
meats Se« Pag* lilrtT-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL S, 1900.
29MARRIED.
CURTIS— TAYLOR— In this city. March 29, 1800,
Rt the residence of the bride's mother, by the
Rev. Dr. Lion, C. L. Curtis of San Francisco
and Alice Eleanor Taylor of New York City.
CRAWFORD— SCOTT— In Pasadena, Cal., April
4, 1900. by the Rev. J. E. Bcott of San Fran-
cisco, Edward James Crawford of Berkeley
and Lily May Scott of San Francisco.
MURRAY— APPEL— In Honolulu. H. 1., March
23, 1900, by the Rev. C. M. Limburg, William
Murray of Denver, Colo., and Dora ADpel of
Ban Francisco.
SCHLICHTING— TURK— In this city. Arjril 4.
1900, by the- Rev. J. G. Mangold, Henry F.
Schllchtlng and Mary Turk.
H C Campbell. Cal |
A Grogan, Conn
C L Reeder, Gilroy
L G AVright. Shaata
O M Schumacher, N V
E II Cox. Cal
W A Murphy, Cal
Mrs J Hicks. O
J H Schift & w, N V
M Lalb & w, N V
Miss Small. N V
Miss J Carpenter, - 111
C W Jones & w, N V
L U Chapery & w, NY.
H Jenkins &- w. Mass
8 Small, w & d. Pa
H Hovey, w&ds. Mass
D Keeler. w & d, Ky
Mlbs Thompson, Ky
Mrs W Sheldon, Ky
Mrs S Bowhug, Wls
J H Beul & w. Pa
J Hartwell, Mo
RAYMOND E
J U Ide & w.
Miss Carrie Ide.
Miss R Colwell,
Miss R Smith
6 A Maxfleld & w,
Miss M Peabody,
Mrs "W A Anderson,
Miss J Woodward,
J J Keeley.
Mrs G J Mills.
Mrs L Lendecker.
Mrs A Richardson.
Miss J G . Richardson,
H J McCarty,
H J McGrath & w,
DrBD Hedges & w.
Miss J Gibbons,
Miss X Hall.
Miss X L Hall.
Miss H. Blanchard.
Miss M Blanchard,
Miss U B Thacher,
L Barrymore, " Vallejo
F McCulloch. S Jose
N McCulloch, S Jose
J F Alvord, Or '
R Goodman, Oakdale
A | Sylvester, Fresno
Mrs N Urrotia. Napa
J Keene. Chicago
C Wilson. Vallejo
H Langan, lone
J A Goldstone, Stanfd J Taylor, Lovelock
C E Holbrook. Stanfrd F Siddon & w, Londdh
A S Smith, Los Ang . D J Coleman. Honolulu
C G Sholes. Topeka J T Grace, Cal
O Woodard & w, N V C Pettit. Paris
A M Rickart. Jlmtown Mrs M Beam. Petalum
E St Clalr. Bakersfleld A Beam, Petaluma
R J White. Bakers Held E Beam. Petaluma
C A Storke. Sta Barb Mrs Walte, Petaluma
Mrs G Saunders, Minn A Fisher, Toklo
G J - Lovell, St Paul O Newell, Denver
A Schaffer & w. Cal D'K Elliott & w.Man
J G Schaffer, Cal L J Drake. Sta Crua
W P Moon, Oregon E F Teeple. Vlsalia
S H Low, Oregon J M Jasper, Wheatld-
|H Barnsay, Sacto
G P Stokes, N V
W H Remington Wn
R James, Utah
P J Delmar, N V
Miss R Plunkett, Cal
P Plumb, N V
W Graef & w, N V
G D Gear, Eng
G Chase, Mich
J Lehman, Sweden
R Stetstrag, Cal
A Holenbold, Sweden
|J Erumer. Sacto
Mrs J Johnson, N V
Miss Epperman, N V
W V Holllngberg. Cal
Mrs B Crawford. Stkn
W C Johnson, Me
R B Fraser, Stkn
C Baynton. w & s, HI
Mrs Wm Harper. Chic
W Seaman, w &d, Wis
:xcursion.
Mrs R G Gammell.
Miss H G Gammell,
A H Yoemans & w,
J. Robson,
W H Mosely & vr.
Miss A Chenoweth,
Miss Chenoweth.
Miss Ida Chenoweth,
Mrs S H Thompson,
Miss M¦ « Jones.
Miss W Pennypacker,
Miss H Pennypacker,
M C Loverlng,
M G Loverlng,
Mra S E Bartelett,
Miss S L Hawkes.
Mrs L Richardson,
Miss M Belden,
J G Sanderson,
Miss G Whldder,
Miss L Peabody,
Louis Cabot.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H A Grece, New York
L Cook & fy, Nebr
J Kelly, Chicago
F P Powell. Mt View
Vf Chlnn, Nebr
J W Thornton, Vancou
J H Melhorn. Seattle
F Williams, Nebr
J H Durst, Wheatland
J B Hall. Stockton
GRAND HOTEL.
Leav* Arrtv«
Ban Francisoo. la Effect San Franciscan
¦ . October 13. 1 .
Week Bun- 1899. Bun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days.
I:Zi am 8:C0 am Novato. 19:40 ami 1:45 an»
«:Wpm 9:30 ¦m Petaluma. 6:05 pm!l9:Zs ara
8:19 pm S:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 prnj «:23 pcoj
Fnlton.
I'M am Wtndsor. 10:S as*
Heaidsbur*;.
Lytton,
Qeyservtlle, ,
l:» pm S:C9am Cloverdala. 7:18 pm 1:23 pa*
li 3» ami I Hocland and I "~~j ,
I 1:00 ami Uklah. | T:33 pm[ 8:3 pn>
T:39 am io : 2S am
8:00 am OueroArUlei. Ti3s pm
t:3opm l:Spm
7:30 am 140 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 ara
and
t:l»pm grfopm Glen Elian. I:OS pm C:S pm
T:Soam| l:Coam| BebastopoL 119:40 arn|l!>:B ara
1:30 pm[ 6:00 pp| | 7 : j; pm [ g:22g :22
$« A MONTH— Nicely furnished bed and elttlng
room combined; eur.ny. G. D. 11.. box 3091,
Call cfflce.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1996
Valencia rt.
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of- per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. BORN.
DESMOND— In this city. April S. ISOO. to the
wife of T. Desmond, a daughter.
DILLON— In this city, March 6, 1900, to the
wife of M. M. Dillon, a eon.
DRYER— In this city, March 25, 1900. . to the
wife of Oskar F. Dryer, a daughter.
EBERLE— In this city, March 25. 1900, to the
wife of John B. Eberle, a daughter.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. March 23. ISOO,
to the wife of J. E. Fitzpatrlck, a son.
FULMER— In San Mateo. Cal., Arril 2, 1900, to
the wife of Walter W. Fulmer, a daughter.
GARREN— In this city, April 4, 1900, to the
wife of Leslie E. Garren, a daughter.
HAYDEN— In this city. April 2. 1900. 't0 th«
wife of J. J. Hayden. a daughter.
KALFIN— In this city. March 2J. 1900, to the
wife of Frank Kalfln. a son.
McGREW— In this city, March 29. 1900. to the
wife of M. H. McGrew. a son.
MIKKELSEN— In this city. March 23, 1900, to
the wife of Captain M. Mlkkelsen. a daugh-
ter.
RICHTER— In East Oakland, Arril 8, 1900, to
the wife of B. J. Rlchter, a daughter.
SCHILLING— In this city, April 2, 1900. to the
wife of J. Schilling, a son.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st..
r.ear Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
EIXTII. 119 A fP><imont) — Sunny, corner, bay-
window room. 52 73 per week; ales eingle rms.
EIXTEEXTH, 2902, corner Howard— Single fur-
nished room, tl per week.
$1300— MODERN cottage; good as new; con-
taining 5 rooms, bath, pantry, mantel, etc;
high basement; nice location; near Shattuck
aye.; a bargain. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Eta-
tlon.
MCALLISTER, ITSA— Newly furnished rooms in
private family for gentlemen only; single. JIS;
double Sl2.
$5.00— 3-ROOM cottage: about new; near Tele-
graph aye. -cars; nice location; easy terms.
M. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
TWozz^i^g=TßAlHS
Knickerbocker
Cnori'ilC nor i'i1 Noonday
Opwtldl Train From
( NEW YORK.
ST I WHS tn ) BOSTON.
01. LUUIO 10 < BUFFALO.
, ( CINCINNATI.
Via Big Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
JVO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STOP AT NIAGARA FALLS.
White~City
bpeCUii From
. CINCINNATI.
V WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO \ BALTIAaORE.
/ PHILADELPHIA.
v NEW YORK.
Via Big Four* Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway*
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ted Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en eul'e or
eingle; ladies' parlor: reading room: elevator.
ELKCANT furnished rocms. single ar.d en
fulte: din:r.g room connected. Audubon, Cal-
ifornia and Hyde streets.
at St. Joseph's Church. Alameda. Interment
private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MILLHOUSE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. April 6. 1900, John Millhouse. a native of
England, aged 72 years.
MITCHELL— In this city, April 6, 1900, Lillian
Fiske, most loving wife of Hallet K. H.
Mitchell, and daughter of Henry G. and Eliza-
beth Fiske, a native of San Francisco.
(ErFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 478 Frederick street. Interment pri-
vate.
MOHR— In this city, April 7, 1900. Carl B.
Mohr, dearly beloved son of Joseph and Mary
Mohr. and beloved brother of Joseph M..
Leopoldina, Cecelia, Antolnetta. Threasla and
Veronica Mohr, a native of lowa, aged 9
years and 7 days.
NEVILLE— In "this city, April E, 1900. Dennis
H.. beloved husband of Josle Neville, a na-
tive of Maiden, Mass., aged 37 years.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
¦oul at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ...>', vC
NORMAND— In this city, April «. 1900. Bero-
nice Normand. beloved mother of Ernest A.,
Alice B. and Emlle H. Normand. daughter of
Mrs. B. Lagoard; and mother of Theodore I.
Ducrust, a native of France, aged 56 years 11
months and 11 days.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, SlO Guttenbunc street. West End
Homestead, southeast of Mission road, near
county line, thence to Notre Dame dcs Vlc-
tolres Church, Bush street, near Stockton,
where services will be held.
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 8, 1900, Paul Jo-
seph, beloved son of Ella M. O'Brien, and
brother of Mrs. R. T>. Qulnlan and Edward
H. and Raymond C. O'Brien, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), from his late residence, 4026 Seven-
teenth street, thence to St. Ignatius Church,
where services will be held at S o'clock. In-
terment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery,
PETERSEN— In this city. April 6. 1900, Louis
Eonlg Petersen. a native of Balm, Germany,
aged 59 years 10 months and 10 days.
tCyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors, of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In St. Helena Sanitarium, Frank
B. Reynolds, husband of Mary A. Reynolds,
and father of Mrs. S. B. Samuels, Mrs. F. L.
Bosqul and Grace and Frank C. Reynolds,
aged 70 years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
SCHRODER— In this city. April 7, 1900, Gladys
8., beloved daughter of John F. and Mary
Schroder, a native of San Francisoo, aged
- 5 years and 8 months.
SIEBERST— In this city, at Ocean View. April
6, 1900. Blanch* Ardelle. beloved wife of
George S. Sleberst, mother of Ardelle I. Sle-
berst. daughter of Charles P. and Annie J.
Murphy, sister of Charles H.. Edwin W. and
William H. Murohy, Mrs. L. C. Walden and
Mrs. Allen Maflock, and aunt of Ralph M.
Matlock, a native of San Mateo. Cal., aged 21
years 3 months and 19 days.
[C7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 421 Plymouth avenue. Ocean View.
STEIN— In this city. April 5. 1900, Adolph Stein,
beloved son of Leah Stein, husband of Pau-
line Stein, end father of Mrs. Bertha Lub-
liner, Mrs. Carrie Tarbell and Emil Stein, a
native of Warsaw, Russia, aged 47 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy' street. Interment
Ealem Cemetery, at 11:30 o'clock from Third
and Townsend streets.
STOKES— In this city, April 7. 1900. Henry W.,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Stokes, and
father of Mrs. I. Welch. Mrs. E. H. Mott
and Harry. Fred, Albert and Jessie Stokes, a
native of New York, aged 68 years and 7
months.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 422 Lyon street, between Hayes and
Grove, under the auspices of Unity Lodge No.
61, K. of P. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, via electric car from corner of Waller
and Clayton streets.
TAYLOR— In this city, April 6, 1900, Edgar
Alonzo, beloved son of William B. and Lu-
cretla Jane Taylor, and brother of William
8., James A. and Emroy Taylor, a native of
California, aged 34 years.
VETTERLI— In this city, April 6. 1900. Anna
M. Vetterll, beloved mother of Mrs. J. Rich-
ards, Mrs. George L. Payne and Charles and
Anna Frey. a native of Lotringer, Alsace,
aged PS years 1 month and 26 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. John's Epis-
copal Church. Fifteenth street, between Mis-
sion and Valencia. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
YON DER WALL— In this city. April 6. 1900.
Johanna, dearly beloved wife of Gottlieb yon
der Wall, a . native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 37 years 6 months and 14 days.
CTFrienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
WEST— In this city, April 6. 1900. Bridget J.
West, a native of New Bedford, Maas.. aged
58 years.
C?*Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
WHITE— In this city, April 6. 1900, Harvey G.
White, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 71
years. (New Jersey papers please copy.)
inyFrieriHs and acquaintances and members
of the Ship and Steamboat Joiners' Associa-
tion are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from
the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., lIS Geary
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WILKINS— In New Mexico, March 27. 1900,
» William E. Wilkins. beloved son of Mrs.
James H. Whlteslde. and brother of J-. F.
Wllklns, Mrs. Charles Archer, Mrs. George
V. Lerci and Mrs. Eugene Kornman, a na-
tive of Stockton, Cal., aged SS years and 9
months.
WINTER— In this city, April 1. 1900, James
W. Winter, late a member of California
Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F., Golden Gate En-
campment No. 1, I. O. O. F., and Canton San
Francisco No. 5, I. O. O. F., a native of New
York, need S2 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fellows'
building, corner Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No.
1. I. O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 2C66 Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple.
2SCHIESCHE— In this city. April 5. 1900, at
her residence, 8643 Twenty-third street, near
Fair Oaks, Margarethe, dearly beloved wife
of Christian Zschlesche, and mother of Mra.
H. Vanderveen, a native of Hanover. Ger-
many, aged 74 years 11 months and 2 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 524 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
COAST l»l VISION (Xarrorf Uause).
(Foot cf Market .Street.)
/, U'EKtre new* for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
1« r«P**. ' n *T»rper. for mailing. $1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 1« (30c per
share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the company,
527 Market st.. on and after TUESDAY. April
10. 1900. Transfer books closed on Thursday,
April 6, 1300, at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
NATOMA, 7SS— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
rent 57.
Cooley, Fredrio Petersen. Louis S.
Day. Octavlus J. Reynolds. Frank B.
Devoe. Louisa S. Schroder. Gladys B.
Dole. Edmond Sleberst. Blanche A.
Donnelly, Edward T. Stein. Adolph
Dubols. Samuel N. . Stokes. Henry. W.
Duckel. Nicholas Taylor. Edgar A.
Flanagan, John Vetterll. Anna M.
Friedrich, Charles G. Yon der Wall. Jo-
Gardiner. Belle - hanna
Hagan. Mary West. Bridget J.
Hanson. Earnst F. White, Harvey G.
Hassey, Dollle F. Wilklns. William BX
Laberee. Seth P. Winter, Jamea W.
Layden, Andrew Zschlesche Margar'th
Liebes, George
ANGELIUS— In this city, April 6. 1900/ Johann
Dledrich Ancellus, beloved husband of Mar-
garetha Angellus, and father of Charles,
Richard and Fred Angelius and Mrs. Ru-
dolph Horber, a native of Oldendorf. Hanover,
Germany, aged 7J years 6 months and 9 days.
A member of Germanla Lodge No. 113, I. O.
O. F., and Walhalla Encampment No. 7, I.
O. O. F.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
2411 Howard street. Interment Cypress Lawn'
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. Please omit flowers. .
BALDWIN— In this city, April 6, 1900, at 12:50
p. m.. at the Occidental. Mrs. M. V. Baldwin,
mother of Mrs. J. A. Ford and R. L. Coch-
ran. and grandmother of E. Courtney Ford, a
native of .New Orleans. La.
ff^A solemn requiem mass for the repose of
her- soul will be celebrated at St. Mary's
(Paulist) Church to-morrow (Monday), at 9:80
o'clock. Interment private.
BARBER— In this city. April 1. 1900, John G.,
beloved husband of Hannah M. Barber, and
father of Sumner Barber, Mrs. Belle Clark
and the late John A. and Oscle Barber, a na-
tive of Nantucket, Mass. A member of Han-
nibal Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. ; Past Grand
Master of Colored Masons of California.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Zlon A. M. E.
Church, Stockton street, between Clay and
Sacramento. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BLESSER— In this city, April 6, 1900, Charles,
beloved son of Charles and Jennie Blesser. a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 years and S
months.
ETTho funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 719 Castro street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOYSEN— In this city. April 8, 1900. Ferdinand
N.. dearly beloved husband of Caroline Boy-
sen, father of C. Frederick and Josle A. Boy-
sen, and brother of Leonard C. Boysen and
Mrs. Amanda Koch, a native of Wyck-a-
Fohr, Schleswlg-Holsteln, Germany, aged 62
years 10 months and 19 days. A member of
Norddeutscher Verein; Harmony Lodge No.
9, A. O. U. W.. and Beer Drivers' Benevolent
Society.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Shiels build-
ing, 32 O'Farrell street, where services will
be held under the auspices of the Nord-
deutscher Verein. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth.
HARMONY Lodge No. 9, A, O. U. W.— Officers
and brethren are requested to meet this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Shiels building,
S2 O'Farrell street, to attend the funeral of
our deceased brother, F. N. Boysen.
THOMAS RYAN. M. W.
D. McSWEENEY, Recorder.
BRARENS— In this city, April 5. 1900. Hannah
C beloved wife of the late Henry Brarens
Sr.. mother of Mrs. C. Seifert and Peter,
Ferdinand and the late Henry Brarens, and
sister of P. M. Paulsen of Weaverville. Cal.,
and Mrs. Pauline Thomsen of Hamburg, Ger-
many, a native of Wyck-a-Fohr, Schleswig,
Germany, aged 73 years 10 months and 10
days.
ErFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 435 Dolores street, near Eighteenth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CAMERON— In this city, April 7, 1900. Ewen
George, dearly beloved and only child of
Alexander and Emma Cameron, and grand-
son of Mr. and Mrs. George Burkhardt, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 years 6 months
and 19 days.
C7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 228 Thirteenth street, between
Mission and Howard. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
COOLEY— In Berkeley, April 5, 1900, Fredrlc
Cooley, brother of Mrs. D. W. Gilbert, a na-
tive of Connecticut, aged 64 years 1 month
and 2 days. (Salinas, Cal., papers pleas*
copy. )
1C Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel of Odd Fellows' Crematory, San Fran-
cisco.
DAY— In Manila, February 28. 1900. of small-
pox. Octavlus J. Day, a native of California,
aged 19 years and 14 days.
DEVOE— In this city, April 6. 1900. Louisa
Scott, widow of the late B. O. Devoe, a na-
tive of Rochester, N. Y.
E7"The funeral services will take place
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
First Presbyterian Church. Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento street. Interment Mountatn
View Cemetery.
DOLE— In Haywards, April 7. 1900, Edmond
Dole, husband of Mary A. Dole, and father of
Mrs. E. R. Hichborn of San Francisco and
W. W. Dole, a native of Bangor, Me. (Ban-
gor, Me., papers please copy.)
tC7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from the late residence.
DONNELLY— In this city, April 5. 1900, Edward
T., beloved husband of Katie J, Donnelly, a
native of Ireland, aged 67 years. .
inTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 318 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore streets,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUBOIS— In this city, April 7, 1900. Samuel N.
Dubols, a native of New Jersey, aired 22 years
1 month and 4 days. (New Jersey papers
please copy.) • •
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between Geary and O'Farrell. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
DUCKEL— In this city, April 6, 1900, Nicholas,
beloved husband of Mary E. Duckel, and
father of John and William Duckel, Mrs. J.
E. Chawnan, Mrs. J. C. Klnsey and Mrs. C.
L. Dall. a native of New York, aged 70 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
OFFICERS and members of Yerba Buena Lodge
No 14 A O. U. W., are hereby notified to
assemble at the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946
Mission street, to-morrow (Monday), at 1
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Nicholas Duckel.
FLANAGAN— In this city. April 6, 1900, John,
beloved son of Catherine Flanagan, and
brother of Edward, James, Mary. George,
Alice and Frank Flanagan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years and 8 months.
K^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2535 Sixteenth street, near Shotwell.
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FHIEDRICH— In this city, April 5. 1900, Charles
Gottfried, beloved husband of Caroline Fried-
rlch, and father of Karl A., Anna M. and
Henry W. Friedrlch. Mrs. M. Kaiser and the
late Emily Friedrlch, a native of Saxony.
Germany, aged 66 years 1 month and 27 days.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2338 Folsom street, corner of Twen-
tieth, thence to Eintracht Hall. 237 Twelfth
street, where the funeral services will be held
under the auspices of Verein Eintracht at 2
* o'clock. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
GARDINER— In Oakland. April 7, 1900. Belle,
beloved daughter of William and Helen Gard-
iner, and sister of Mrs. E. McPherson, Wil-
liam Gardiner Jr.. Mrs. B. Adams. Alfred
Gardiner of Napa. Mrs. M. Tomlln, Mrs. V.
Lewis and Edwin and Florence Gardiner, a
native of Canada, aged 27 years 2 monlhs and
12 days.
HAGAN— In this city. April 6, 1900, Mary Ha-
Ban, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
HANSON— At the residence of Mr. Charles
Fennema, Walter avenue, Elmhurst. Cal.,
April 6. 1900, Earnst F. Hanson, beloved hus-
band of the late ' Maria Hanson, beloved
brother of Christine Cook and Frlederlch Han-
Bon of Germany, and beloved uncle of Henry
and Emllie Cook of Wcaverville. Cal.. a na-
tive of Pommern, Germany, aged 73 years 2
months and 17 days.
ICT Remains will be shipped to Weavervllle.
HASSEY— In Alameda, April ,5. 1900, Dollle
Frances Hassey, daughter of the late F.. H.
and Frances Cleland Hassey, a native of
, Cloverdale, Cal., aged 22 years.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2156 Railroad avenue, Alameda. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LABEREE— In this city. April «. 1900, Seth
Putman Laberee, a native of Maine, aged 63
years and 1 month. ,
JC7"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1518 Twentieth street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LAYDEN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 7. 1900. Andrew Layden, a native of
California, aged 23 years.
LIEBES— In this city. April 6, 1900, George
Liebes, son of the late Herman- Liebes . and
Mrs. Hannah Liebes, and brother of Sidney,
Julian and Edgar A. Liebes, Mrs. B. Armer
and Mrs. Fred .. Leszynsky, aged 32 years 1
month and 11 days.
KTFuneral from the- residence of his
brother. Sidney Liebes, 1890 Page street,
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. Special
train from Third and Townsend streets at 2:30
o'clock. Cremation Cypreßs Lawn Cemetery.
MALLON— At his residence. 921 Grand street,
Alameda, April 6, 1900, Joseph 8., beloved
husband of Theresa C, Mallon. a native of
Tyrone, Ireland. ¦ .
tC?A solemn requiem high mass will be
My Cal $1.00 lerYesr
UNFURNISHED room; about $4 month; near
California Market; rr.an. Box 2313. C&U cfflce.
ROOMS WASTED.
FINE house of 8 rooms, fully furnished, for
rent, t MASON A McLENATHEN. adjoining
Poetofflce. Berkeley station.
HEN RY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flan nagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMJSRS.
.. Z0 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
DIED.
Angellus, Johann D. Mallon, Joseph B.
Baldwin. Mrs. M. V. Millhouse, John
Barber. John G. Mitchell, Lillian F.»
Blesser, Charles Mohr. Carl B. -
Boysen. Ferdinand N. ' Neville. Dennis H.
Brarens. Hannah C. Normand. Berenice ,
Cameron. Ewen O. O'Brien. Paul J.
$3£CO— MODERN house of 8 rooms; street im-
proved.
$3700— New modern house. 7 rooms, on Dur-
ant aye., east of railroad.
O. O. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS modern house of 11 rooms; sit-
uated within 1 block of college grounds; south
¦Ide; call and see It.
O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
J-11OOM cottage and lot $0x135; in good order
and in good location; price $S00; $100 cash,
balance $10 monthly. RUDOLPH & PER-
KINS.
S-ROOM house; lot EOxlOO; good location; price
$'.50; $75 cash, balance $10 monthly; nice gar-
den. RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
NEW modern house; E rooms and bath: close
to station; lot 60x140; price $1500; $100 cash
balance; $15 per month; take Berkeley train,
ret off at Lorin station; ask for RUDOLPH
& PERKINS.
C C BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 224 Montgomery et.
In Berkeley — Corner lot 87x150. with modern
Stare* connect at Santa Rom for Mark West
Sprlnrs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Oeyserville for Skagn
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hoo-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland SnrtniaT
KelseyvtUe, Carlsbad Spring*, Boda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchr
Bprings Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laural
Dell Lake Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno!
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Uerle-yil
Bockneirs. Sannedrln Heights. HullvlUe OrV»
Hot Spring*. Mendoclno City, Fcrt B-a*e
Westport. Usal. Wllllttn, Laytonvllle, Ciim"!
Scotfa'-and^re^r^ *"**
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to an point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. vomxa
B. {». WHITINO, J> x Rr*V
General Manager. CnT P^.x^
MOUNT TAMALPfUS SCENIC RAILWAY
We% a £j. aU >raaclac " *.«* SausalitoFerry
Saa Francisco to Sunualt ana r^urn.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
$2500— COST $5000; will trade for a ranch of
equal value; S-room house; lot 50x100. W,. C
MORAN, Lorin 6tatlon. Berkeley.
TUB biggest bargain of the year, adjoining:
high-priced property and within 10 minutes'
walk of University: 1 block from Telegraph-
ave. electric railroad; 475 feet frontage. 180
feet deep; must be sold; make an offer. MA-
KON & McLENATHEN. adjoining P. 0..
Berkeley.
TURK. f2S— Sunny 61nrfe room; use of bath;
private family.
JSOO— IIOO CASH, balance $12 per month; bay-
trtndow 5-rooom cottare; all sewered. W. C
MORAN.
SOUTH PARK. SO— Unfurnished sunny front
alcove room and kitchen: bath and closets; 110.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
BAN ANTONIO 21 Taylor «t.. near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof bulldlce; elevator; new
furniture ; hot and cold water; radiators; ta.lt
era baths: eultee and elneie rocms.
KAILKOAD TRAVEL.
RfILIFORNIA gIM IT ED
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Fk anciscoj
£> P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND I<ea*es Saa Ftanclsee at 5:30
EXPRESS p> m< with Pal « e "d Tourist
DA II V 5?u r , 8 for Xa ?S* Clt '« St * ai ».
U AIL V Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLPY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalla, Tularo DOAn
and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 628
•frisco soon S?g2sa«syisa
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 Weat
Banta Clara Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Yin Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing October 1. IS3».
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLOTt
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. *9:30. 11:00 a. ra.: «l:4l,
•1:40. 5:15. 6:40. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vallty and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:©©. '^CO, WM a. m.; IOS,
1:15. *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San- Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO- SAN FRANCISOO.
WEEK DAYS— «:2S. •8:35. 7:45. *9M a. m-J
•12:30. 2:15. *3:40, »6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00. »10: M. "11:4» a. m.|
•1:40, »3:15. 4:45. »«:30 p. m.
Trains marked. (•) start from Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 0:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. nut
11:23, 2:35. 3:43. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays ao4
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 r. m.
SUNDAYS— B .-05. 10:05 a, m.: 11:06. 1:15. VM>
1:00. «:43 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
TiCO a. m. week days — Cazadero and way stations*
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— To males and way station*.
1;CO a. m, Buaday^rToiaalia .*n4 .way station*
CAUFOSNU NORTHWESTERN RT. C&
ttl FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFB
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlkuran F«rry. Foot of Market 8k
MAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RA7AZXt .
nrEBX DAYS— 7:3O. t:00. 11:00 a. m.: His*
1:30 S:10, 1:30 p. xa. TharsJ ays— Extra trt:j
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. ro.
•UNDAYS— B:OO, f:SO. 11:00 a. m.j 1:SO, 1:30.
6:00. f:2O p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DAYS— «:U, 7:50. »:2t>. 11:19 a, m. ; 12:49,
• :40, 5:10 ». m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:40, 11:19 a. o.; 1:40, 1:49, »:C5.
(:2S p. ra
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzea Park
Mint schedule as abov*.
PROPOSALS.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
$1600— £0x125; MODERN cottage; in excellent
condition; 6 rooms, bath, pantry and mantel;
high basement and large floored attic; rents
Eteadlly $16 per month; special bargain. H.
D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 535; packing, moving and storage.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
$1300— CORNER; lot 45x100; near school, church.
6toree. care and station; 2-etory house; 7
rooms and bath; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN,
Lorin Station.
$1230— LOT 40xlC0; cottaga containing 6 good
rooms; within 5 minutes of the University;
bargain; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin
Station.
LARKIN. 706— Two or three furnished rooms.
$1000— 2-STORY house; 6 rooms, bath, pantry
and mantel; close to electric cars; fine lo-
cation; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin
Station.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; nice garden: large
yard; $15. 672 Thirty-fifth St., Oakland.
$500 — THIS week only: you can buy a lot 74x140
on a good street, street work and sidewalk,
or I will bul!d you a first-class house of 7
rocms and basement, complete, with lot;
j:sro. J. H. YOUNO. builder. 1243 Park st
GEARY. 4C5 <The Navarre)— E'.erantly furnish-
ed rocmf .-F-Jlle* or single : travelers accom.
$i:SO— LOT 6Cx150; San Jose aye.
$2r-00— House of 7 large rooms; porcelain
bath: S fireplaces; gas, etc.; lot £0x150; San
Jc?e aye.; great bargain.
JC7sO— Fine N.W, corner; 100x150, with hand-
some residence of 10 rooms.
Improved and unimproved property in all
parts of Alameda.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st.
FOLSOM. C2o— Furnished and unfurnished;
larpe grounds for children.
COAST DITISION (RroatHianse).
(Thlril and TowngeTnl SU)
AN elegantly furnished front alcove room.
bath adjoining; marine view; suitable for 1 or
t gentlemen. 8"5 California St.. nr. Powell.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TO Lease— All or part of vacant property: 85x
160: oh Mission St.. near Fifteenth; will build
lirht structure. Owner, box 3109. Call.
TO LEASH.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12T3 Pclk et.: open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlcns has been established at 1091
Valencia «t.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con.— A dividend (No. 16) of seventy-
five (75c) cents per share on the Issued cap-
ital stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 430 Cal-
ifornia su. San Francisco, on April 10, l»00.
Transfer bocka close April S. 1900. at noon.
A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Califor-
nia, room 229 Crocker building. San Francisco.
Cal . April 6. 190 C —Coupon due April 12. 1900,
fro:n first mortrafre six <6) per cent bonds of
Eierra Railway Company of California will
be paid at the fiscal agency of this company,
the Crocker- Wool worth ' National Bank, on
and alter that date.
B. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 8 <25c per
fhare) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the company,
227 Market Et.. on and after MONDAY. April
16 VjQQ. Transf*T books will close on Tues-
day. April 10, 1900. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Thirty-One.
O'FAURELL, 742— Nicely furnished. Fur.ny par-
lor floor; 2 to I rooms; housekpg. cr otherwise.
ROOMS papered from $J; whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
OAK, 119 — 1 eunny front room; furnished for
hou£el:ecp!ng for 1 cr 2 persons; $5.
BAD tenants ejected for }4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATES.
MISSION. 111S— Newly furnished room and
Email kitchen; $6 per month.
MISSION. 1735— 2 sunny front rooms, comfort-
ubiy furnished for housekeeping. $1^
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
LADlES— Chlchetter*B English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
tend 4e stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phtladel.. Pa.
A C Williams. Fresno I J Thompson. Sallna*
E J Dubols. Parts D Campbell. Cal
J O Thompson, Oakdale F Cuna & w. Ont
O F Ditzler. Biggs F D McCullough & *.
A Peterson &w, Wash Seattle
J L Eddy. S L Obispo F Wardson & w. Va
E Graves S L Obiapo H M Pflogen, Chicago
D S Church, Fresno J Bridges. Delaware
T Longmore. Hopland W R Radcllff. Cal
H E Lougheed. Stanfd A Peterson & w. Cal
C Bruno & w. N V J McLean. Pinole
W B Ray, Sacto E H Vance. Eureka
H X Maude. Bakersfid Miss E Vance. Eureka
T R Stevens, Placervil L R Prince. Boston
A Newton. Grays Hbr R L Hubbard. Cal
C W Leathers. Cal M W Hunt, Ind
W M Lowell, Sacto Mrs O Davenport. Neb
H R Felre, Cal W Blaslngame. Fresno
E H Smith. Cal J G Kapp & fm. Toledo
E Corrall. Cal J Brent. Butte
G P Ferguson, Stanfrd S R Jordan. N I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
BATXBOAD TBAVEL.
¦¦¦Isilll PACIFIC C«MWAjnr.
(rAcino hystmO
****** l **»AN § ViiA?i«:i««:o.
(lUln Line, Fcos cf JUru.cS Street)
I3ATB _ Fbom Fkj»-uazy 23. 1300. — akbxt*
PINE. 1300. cor. Hyde— Two furnished sunny
corner rooms; gas range, foldlng-b«<i ; price %16.
POLK, r.22— Furnirhod an^i unfurnished house-
keejunß rooms; very sunny and cheap.
POST. SCr— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; also other rocms.
POWELL. 3002— Rooms complete for house-
keeping; eunny rooms; bath; rent cheap.
FAN CARLOS aye.. 3S. near Eighteenth— Nice
Eunry furnished rooms; can do light house-
keeping.
EICCOND. 212— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms; clean and respectable; rra.-
eonable.
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLEITNER.
SPLENDID BUY
FOR A HOME INVESTMENT.
$2160— Reduced from $3000; fine modern cottage
of 6 rooms and bath, on one floor; mantel, at-
tic, basement, chicken house, fruit trees; cor.
lot; 76x160; must be sold; an opportunity worth
investigating.
$1800— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement,
stable, chicken house; lot 107x260; all fenced.
$1400— Cottage. of 6 rooms and bath; corner lot.
65x122; only 3 blocks from local train; easy
terms if deelred.
$700— $100 cash, balance $9 per month, will buy
a cozy cottage of 4 rooms, newly renovated;
barn and chicken house; large lot; fine place
for raising chickens.
$550— House of 4 rooms and basement; large
chicken house; good well and pump; lot 50x110;
all fenced; $100 cash, balance on your own
terms. ,
Jl76— Cheap lot, 75x100; only 3 blocks from elec-
tric cars; Just one-half the former value.
Ten acres: 3',<s acres in bearing orchard; cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; 2 barns, chicken
houses; good well, windmill and tank. For
particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
SOUTH PARK. IS4— Large sunny front house-
kef ping room; rent 19 P<*r month.
LOTS $100. up; Deering Tract. Frultvale aye.
40 lots sold; 40 lots sold.
Biggest bargains in Fruitvale: terms to BUlt
Will sell any size lot you want
H. W. DAVIS. Agt.. 1 blk from Fruitvale sta.
TURK, HZ— Large front room; coal stove; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $10.
TUP.X. c:3— 3 unfurnished sunny rooms. $15;
2 front furnished housekeeping rooms. $10.
VAN NESS aye.. 4S— Nicely furnlehed rooms In
euitea for housekeeping; $13 to J25 a month.
LOVELY home: 8 rooms, bath, etc.: cost $4600;
must sell at any prioe; see it and make offer.
1307 East Fourteenth st., between Fruitvale
aye. and Eden Park aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ot Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unforn.
$3750— FINE new modern 2-story reeldenc* and
grounds; corner lot; nicely located, near sta-
tion and electric car« to B. F. Take part
trade. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
n^B-^pa.s^y-r!^ -7x«,
•7,30 a Martinez, .SanlUmon.Vailejo. Napa.
Calistoga acd Santa Rosa,. ....... »Osl»r
•8,30* Tha OterUml Li-^ed-CgJen. Den-
ter. Omaha. Chica;<>. ............. # 3« »»»
•l,3Ui Sau Jose. Li»eruiurc\ Stockton.
fetmTcfcica. i:e-i Btafl '*. • **
•MxSOa •Milton, Oak.lalc\>-m:nra. Carters...
•a-«O» nVywar'ls. Nii< »an>« «' a » HUt:on». •! 1:43*.
£o2: S«iTw«xlbna. Knishts LandUg.
2,4W*MaitlU. Trjcy. ESS Wocktoo. a
Mercetl an<l Fresno '•*•'»»
.»,oo* Port Coßtt. Kresno. Mojaia ami I*. #<j . 4;Jf
..••OO4 YaK Manin«'aml Wafst'aUons ••Us*
M,,«.«HUr^^N;!- r^W^SUtion. ;£4:£
J!:»r,"ill<«. Oro.iUe. U»lst
M:3OrNllea, Han Jose aiulbtochtcn...^... *»*-»
•StOOl-Tho Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
Cakersfleld. Bangui for Sant* liar- . JOj^, A
oS:«Of Snrsrt Lixited-EI ris*" S*«* <>V- ._
l;ansandE^it JlSliat
•3<3Or StocktoD. Mrtcc.l l Fre5n0..... ...... «<«»»*
•3:UOp Fiesuo. l!akersliel<l. Santa l»'it»iara, %
Los ADgeles. VrmteS, LI Paso.
New Orleans and East. "»« "*
•OiSOrHanta Fu Ilunte— AtSaiillo Express
for Muja»« uml K:»5t....... JPi\Z
•OrnOp nay wards. Niles and Ban Joao # !I\ 1 ,1
•UiSUr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Oaaha, CW<«6o *9v\^k
*«s3Or Oriental iliii— Offdea, Denver.
Omatia, Chicasa •«**»*
J7jO«r Vallejo, Pork CosU and Way 8t»-
tJu na • *»*•'•*»
•Bj«sp Oregon and California IJ^.reim.Sac-
rainentii, Mary»»ii!e. Ueililii'B.
$1250— GROCERY store and stock, with 4 rooms
and lot. 25x100; well located and all for $1250;
a snap. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$600 and $1000—2 LODGING-HOUSES; well lo-
cated and a bargain; also a 60-room house for
$2600. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
BUCHANAN. 1743— Unfurnished large sunny
room to iet; cheap.
$760—25 ACRES for sale at half price by AL-
DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
BURNETT. IC6 Market et. (o'.d No. IJ64T— Fur-
niehed rms. eultes, elnsle: also unfurni«hed-
$30.000— T0 loan on real estate and $2000 on
furniture, pianos, etc. AT. DEN CO.. 1118
Broadway.
•SilOa Newark. 4Jeuter*lll(\.San .lose, Felton.
Boulder t'reek.SantaCruzandViraj
Stations •»•»•»
fXtlSp Newark, Centerrille, Baa Jose, I»cw
Alm.i.l.)]!, I'eltoD, Itouhlcr Creek,
Hanta Vimz ami Principal Way
Stations ?L? S 3S 4
MxlSr Newark. Sun Jo*<\ LosCitos. •Ox-iO*.
611:13p Hunters' Excursion, San Josa and
Way su;iqh» t7iaar
BUSH. 1124— EIepa"t suite and single rooms;
baih': rur.rlng water: beautiful home; elegant
re<~eptlon room; $11 up.
CALIFORNIA, 705 <St. Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. £
rrtmStN mHCISCO— FooI c! KsrUet StrMt(Sli?B)— .
• "7:15 9.00 11:00 A.M. 11:C3 *2:33 X3:C3
•4:C3 IS:C3 *S:COi-.M.
rr«molSLillD— Fo»l»fßroad*«T. — *6:00 8:00 10:00 a.«.
U2XO "1:03 12:03 *3:CO H:S3 «S:C3r.M.
CAUKOLTCN, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sumy corner: wejl furn.: rms. & offices.
CONNECTICUT. T3 fPotrero)— A suite of rooms
suitable for cm or two pentlemen.
ALAMKDA HEAL ESTATE.
$1200— NEW modern 4-room cottage; large lot;
all street work dons; west side of street.
$600— Fine 4-room cottage; lot 80x100; close
to Etatlon and schools; see this to-day.
$1750— Modern 6-room 2-story house; largo
lot: (rood location: near train and schools.
$3J'jO — New modern colonial cottage of T
rooms; Grand street; large lot; easy terms.
A fine S-room house, never occupied; must
be sold en account of death; see this prop-
erty; offer wanted.
A 8-acre ranch; all in fruit; 4-room house;
suitable for chicken ranch; windmill and
tank; in Fruitvale; right on car line; price
13000.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda; houses
to rent, furnished or unfurnished.
Ofhce open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St., Alameda.
$2800 TO $8500.
Just completed, "NEW" English and Dutch
style cottages and houses, containing 6 rooms,
porcelain bath, pantries, china closet, book-
cases, polished paneled dining-room, sewlng-
rcom, etc In fact, thoroughly up to date in
every feature; fine locations; close to local
trains, schools, cars, etc; terms easy.
J. S. MYERS,
1003 Broadway,
Oakland.
EDDT, SU— To let. nice furnished rooms, en
tulte cr stncU. by a German private family;
phone Haicht 2U3.
$1200— A GREAT bargain; modern cotyic* of 5
rocms; large corner lot and near railroad
station; only $"00 cash; installments, $14 SO
per month. J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway,
Oakland.
$1150 CASH; balance to suit; new 7-room
house; select neighborhood; beautiful home;
only 2 blocks to local; sunny and central.
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
FOLSOM. 565. corner S:xth <The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished room?: suites or »'.ncle: new mpnt.
$15 LOOK AT THIS #...$l5
Only $15 per front foot; SW. corner of East
Fourteenth and Second ayes.; 145x115; 2 blocks
from boulevard and Lake Merrltt; nice view;
street work done; stone sidewalks; all ready
to build on; cheapest property in Oakland.
Apply to DAVID BUSH. Country Department,
G H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
FOURTH. ZSH— Nicely furnished bay-window
end Einele rooms; reasonable; quiet.
GEARY, 14A— Llpht, sunny room; nicely fur-
nished; from SI GO up.
tiislOA Ocean View, Hoiittt tun Fraacisco.. t«j3O»>
*7:OOa Hsu Joi« ami W»y fct;ill.ii» (New
Alinmleu We<lne«laysonly) •li*»»
•ttiOO* .-Jan Jos«. Tre» riiio.i. Manta Cnia.
r*ci.io lirove. l'asit Kul-lcn. baa
I.nls Oi>iat>o. Surf. Lompoo aud
riincll>:il Way Stations Mll«»
•lOtfO* Ban .loaa au<l Wny Stations 'O-.-lii.
•I l:ao* Baa Jose an.l Way Stations *3>3Ur
ti:lsftia:i Mfttr-n, Kedwoo-l. Menlo Park.
l'alo Alto. .Santa Clara, fian.lose.
Tres Finos. Hauta Cruz. Salin&i.
Monterey mill l'aciflc C.rOTe t">«»«A
fS.SOp Ban Jose an.l Way Htatioi.s «7:a»p
i lltlSr Sau Josoan.l Principal Way Station* *O: 1.5 i
*3:oOrS>iuJos>>au<] Principal V/ay Stations t'J:O<>*
•ss3Or San Jose an.i Principal Way Station* ««»:3-"»A
•6::iOp Sau Jose and Way Statious t*:OO A
Hlt4sr San Jess ami Way Stations *~;UOp
A for Morning 1* for Afternoon.
• Daily. t Humlay eteeptml. t Sunday onlj.
6 Saturday only.
• Tuesdays sad JTriiUj i c Tbcrsdajs and Sundays.
$50 CASH. $8 monthly— Chicken run of EOx2s«
feet; unfinished new cottage. 2 rooms: chicken
yard; all fenced; price all, told. $375; more
land can be had cheap; coll, climate and
water excellent; away from cold winds and
fogy grand view; near a 90- foot-wide boule-
vaid and electrics car line; not far from a
fine 3- story KChoolhouse; Is building up fast;
4 houses already gone up on the place; West-
all Tract, adjoining East Oakland; call or
send for circular. 455 Seventh st., near Broad-
way, Oakland. HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
GRANT aye., 21? (The Clyde)— House refur-
nished ; frost roorr.s, tOe per cay up; suites
reasonable.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
1€ rapps. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HANXOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission et.— Select
farr.i!y rooming house; tl M to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; Jl a week up.
ALA3IEDA FL'RXISHED HOUSES.
ALAMEDA— CozIIy furnished cottage: E rooms,
bath, piano; convenient surf bathing. 1417
Webster st.
HOW AKD. fclS — Rooms from tl week up to SS,
tic to $1 n»rht: also housekeeping romos.
$1500 SNAP. $1500
Neat cottage, S rooms and bath; high base-
ment; sunny exposure, and has all the mod-
ern conveniences; street work complete; good
location and neighborhood; close to cars,
schools, etc.; chance for a home at most rea-
sonable figure.
J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
HOWARD. $45— A eunny front bay-window
room for light housekeeping; $7 per month.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ELEGANT modern 5-room cottage; lot 30x139;
nice yard; concrete walks; fruit trees; chick-
en house. Particulars 867 25th St.. Oakland.
HYDE. £35— Nicely furnished eunny rooms;
everything new; bath; phone.
JONES, So»— N'ewly furnished rooms; single or
en suite; gas; bath; private.
WELL-BUILT, attractive house; choice neigh-
borhood; central Oakland; 10 rooms; sunny
corner; lot 40 by 125 feet: near station; $6500;
part cash. Owner, box 2742. Call office.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$650— 3-ROOM cottage; good condition; near cars
and station; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN.
Lorin Station.
LARGE sunny furnished room In Mission; ref-
erences. 600 Guerrero st.
OAKLAND FURXITURE FOR SALe).
AN introduction to you from H. Scbellhaas, th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
MINNA €67. corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. Si per week; traneient.
$ICEO— LOT C0x135; cottage containing 4 good
rooms, bath, Dantry, etc.; Vi block to sta-
tion. H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
MISSION. £17A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished ; rent reasonable. FLICK, Prop.
SEWING MACHINES AKD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
LEAVEN'WORTH, I^2l— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
MIEPION. 12:3. bet. 19th and 20th — Front alcove
room In private family, suitable for two per-
sons : hot and cold water, bath, large yard and
garden.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post it., cor. Powell: tel. Main 6711.
NINTH. 20, near Market— Frost bay-window
eulte; ras, water, etove; $12.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; 'phone Jackson 281.
O'FARRELL. SO— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk., mo.
ORLANDO House. 959 Howard, cor. Sixth-
Sunny rooms; prices to euit; open night.
POST. 229, corner Stockton— The finest furnished
transient rooms for tourists in the city; first
floor; hot and cold water; elevator.
POET. 946— Large sunny furnished room for
cer.Uea-.on ; private family.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
euites or «;tiel<ms; runnlnc water; gas; reas.
PROPOSALS invited for removal of building
west' of Claus Spreckels bldg. Apply REID
BROS.
A— JJ4OO; LOT C2x125; near Dwlght way etatlon:
on wide Improved etreet; S-story colonial
house; 7 rooms, reception hall, 2 mantels,
bath, pantries, electric lights, etc. ; virtually
new; big bargain. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin
Station. i
POWELL. COS — Front runny room, newly fur-
nished: gentlemen preferred; references; rea-
eonabla.
ROEEDALE Houee. IU & 821 Ellis st— P.ooms,
eight. £5c to tl: week, tl 25 to $4; open night.
CLEARED.
Saturday. Aorll 7.
Stmr Elsie. Duerrbeck. Pyramid Harbor:
Alaska Packers* Association.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Unalaska; Nortk
American Commercial Co.
Stmr China. Seabury. Honolulu. Yokohama
and Hongkong; Pacific Mail S S Co.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms, Guaymas; Good
all, Perkins & Co. „ _
Whaling stmr Belufa, Badflsb. whaling; Pa
cific Steam Whaling Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes. Nanalmo: John
Rosenfeld's Sons. . _, .
Ship Two Brothers. Wilson. Pyramid Harbor:
Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Saturday, April 7.
Stmr China, Seabury. Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu.
Stmr Curacao. Voa Helms, Guaymas, eto.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Dlfgo.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwlng, Fort Brags.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendodno.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hlgglns, Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. Unalaska.
Etmr Rival, Johnson, Wlllapa Harbor.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Chemalnua,
Br stmr Benmohr, Wallace, Manila.
Ship Luclle. Hansen. Seattle.
Schr Llllebdnne, Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Admiral, Beck. Port Gamble.
Schr S Danielson, Crangle, Slualaw River.
Schr Berwick. Peterson. Sluslaw River.
Schr Impossible, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Coquille River— April S, it I t n,
schr Arrietha. off Crescent City, with 650 seal
skins; wished to be reported all well.
March 5, lat 34 S, lon 47 W— Ger ship Omega,
from Tyne, for Santa Rosalia.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Schr Lillebonne. hence this raornln* for
Grays Harbor, returned to-day, the 7th, lnut, on
account of carrying away of foresail.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 7. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived April 7— SO: Fortune,
hence April 1.
Sailed April 7— Schr Alice, for San Pedro.
REDON'DO— Sailed April «— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived April 7— Stmr Lakm*.
from Dutch Harbor.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived March 13 and
sailed March 28— Bktn Katie FUcklnger, for
Port Townsend.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived April 7— Schr Go
tarna, from Coss Bay.
TACOMA— Sailed April 7— Schr Serena Thay
er. for San Pedro; schr Mary E Russ, for San
Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed April 7— Schr Golden
Shore, for Port Pirte.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 7— Br
ship Argus, from Antwerp.
CASPAR— Arrived April 7— Stmr Luella, hence
April 6.
IVER3ENS LANDING— SaiIed April 7— Stmr
Whitesboro, for San Francisco.
PORT B LAKELET— SaiIed April 7— Bktn Re
triever; for Dogfish Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 7— Brig
Geneva, from Hilo; bark Levi G Burgess, hence
March 31; schr Fred E Sander, from Honolulu:
U S stin,r Rosencrans, hence April 4; schr Car
rier Dove, from Haiphong, and proceeded to
Port Gamble: echr Endeavor, from Honolulu.
Sailed April 6— Schr Fred J Wood, for Van
couver: schr Bowhead. for Seattle.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April 7— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka. .
ASTORlA— Arrived April 7— 6tmr George W
Elder, hence April 5.
PORT HADLOCK— SaiIed April 7— Stmr R«
trlever, for Dogfish Bay.
EASTERN PORT.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Anrll «— Shto P N
Blanchard, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 4— Russ stmr
Dalny Vostok, from Tacfcma.
KAHULUI — Arrived March 13 —Br stmr
Bloemfontein, from Honolulu.
KlHEl— Arrived March 23— Schr Eureka, from
Grays Harbor.
HILO — Arrived March 28 — Stmr Cleveland.
Sailed March 24— Bark Martha Davis, for San
Francisco. March 25— Brig Geneva, for San
Francisco: Br stmr Lennox, for .
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 7-Jap
stmr America Maru. henc© March 7; Br stmr
Energia, from Nagasaki; Jap stmr Tosa Maru.
from Seattle.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to April 7— Schr
Oceania Vance, from Eureka.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 7— Br bark In
vercauld. hence Nov 23.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to April 7— Stmr
City of Peking, from, San Francisco, for Hong
kong.
BREMEN — Sailed April 7— Stmr Bremen, for
New York, via Southampton; stmr Ncv York,
for New York, via Cherbourg.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 7— Stmr dt Louis.
from Southampton, etc.
Sailed April 7— Stmr Manitou. for London;
stmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne;
stmr Ems, for Naples, etc; stmr Phoenicia, for
Hamburg 1 , via Cherbourg; stmr Lucania. for
Liverpool; stmr Ethiopia, for Glasgow.
Arrived April 7— Stmr L'Aaultana, from
Havre
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to April 7— Stmr
America Maru, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama: stmr Enenrla. from Ta
coma. via Hlogo, etc: stmr Tosa Maru, from
Seattle, via Yokohama.
GENOA— Sailed April .6— Stmr Kaiser Wll
helm 11. for New York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed April 6— Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg, for New York. April 7—
Stmr Waesland. for Philadelphia.
Fall?'] April 7— Stmr New York, from South
ampton, for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed April 7— Stmr Kensing
ton, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed April 7— Stmr La Gascogne.
for New York.
$3500— SEE this; fine cottage; handsome de-
Blgn; well constructed; finely finished; 6
rooms, large hall, bath, pantries, large base-
ment, etc.; on wide street, above Shattuck
aye. H. D. IRWIN, railroad waiting room,
Lorin SLation. Open Sundays.
HOTAL HOUSE, US Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. 250 to $1 60; week, $1
to $S; mcrjtfa, $8 to $20; elevator en office floor;
roods with hot and cold water; baths.
STOCKTON, 12 (over Pup Rotisserie)— Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to $20.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Samuel Meyer, 29, 1338 Geary street, and Jes-
sie Hoffman. 26. 1020 Van Ness avenue.
Alexander Hansen, 26, Mount Eden, and Marie
Meyers, 22, Irvlngton.
Walter O. Perkins, 29, 641 Page street, and
Flora M. Filjmore, 25, 28J Oak street.
John A. Halk, 33, 2708 Twenty-first street,
and Agnes Flnnegan, 27. 1055 A Howard street.
William Greenwald. 82. 289 Page etreet, and
Annie Lewald, 27, 511 Grove street.'
William H. Odgers, 22. 285 Clinton Park, and
Maude A. Plevin, SI, 4125 Nineteenth street.
William C. Dukenfield. 21, Philadelphia, and
Hattie V. Hughes. 22. New York City.
Eugene A. Bresse. 32, city, and Margaret N.
McMahan, 30, Oakland.
August Hermanson. 84. city, and Anna L.
Abacka. 32. city.
Charles E. Beck, 80, Bangor, Butte County,
and Lois E. Cole, 18. Rohnervllle.
Frank C. Drew, 38. city, and Helen P. White.
Charles E. Sloan, 2«. city, and Tesora F.
Hawkins. 21, city. ,
$1750— 6-ROOM cottage; street work done; lot
40x135; sunny exposure; yard nicely Improved;
best part of Berkeley; between asylum and
University of California; adjacent property
held at $60 per foot; owner absent; must be
sold; easy terms.
$iooo— Rlßht at the entrance to the Univer-
sity of California; elegant corner let; 9 rooms;
modern and complete; ready to move into.
$1310 — South Berkeley, near Ftatlon; modern
6-room cottage: easy terms; good as new;
cold once for $2000. M. L. WURTS. Seven-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland.
t ACRES; only S miles north of Berkeley; 7-
room house, chicken houses, barn, farming
implements, horses, buggy, cow, pigeons,
chickens and everything pertaining to the
place; all In first-class condition; only $2500;
$500 cash, balance to suit; also a fine resi-
dence in Berkeley, to exchange for a ranch.
Apply GEO. SCHMIDT, Berkeley. Schmidt
block. .- -¦; ?¦-:
$;000— SEE this; new 6-room cottage; tiled sink;
stationary tubs, fine mantel; porcelain tub;
cement sidewalk; street sewered and macad-
amized; on car line; $300 cash, balance $20 per
month. W. C. MORAN.
BUTTER, IoC2H— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; rf*aFona.b!e.
TO let— Upper part of house, consisting of three
rooms ar.fi connecting bath; corner house;
beet of references piven and required; no chil-
dren. Box SO4O. Call office.
THE Astor, 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; etngle. suites; trans't.
ISso— sso CASH, balance $10 per month; 4 hard
finished rooms and basement; corner; lot 40x
100. W. C. MORAN.
THE OAKS. 11» Third— A good rooming houz*
for rood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
A -FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury;
nice 6unny bay-window rooms ; first-class
table: prices moderate; 2 car lines pass hotel;
elevator; telephone Hyde ?771. 1664 California
n.. corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
TO lease for one year from the Ist of May
next— Furnished house of 8 rooms; lot 170x200;
corner of Chapel st. and Allston way; refer-
ences required. For full particulars inquire
of CHARLES C BEMIS, real estate broker,
£24 Montgomery rt.
NEW houses to rent, near the University: S
and 9 rooms each. MASON & McLENATHEN.
adjoining P. 0., Berkeley station.
NEW family hotel; first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; ppeclal inducements to
kW! people. 897 California et.. occupying
corner opposite Orac« Church.
ISELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; eupertor board; modern
conveniences: ratea reasonable.
ELEGANT suite of rooms, bath; gentleman
preferred: board if desired. 978 Geary st.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands: thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALM AS, IKO Market *t.-Su!t« of t or 8
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
IxICELY furnished sunny rooms, with or with-
out board; $20 up. 742 O'Farrell st.
VAN NKES «ye.. 944 fThe Wallace)— Room*
*n& board: furnished and unfurnished: SS) up.
3 LARGE runny front rooms, with or without
twnrd: home oorr.fnrts. 414 Buchsnan et.
—^ BOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
V." ANTED— Board and room la private Catho-
lic family by young man; no other boarders
or roomers; terms J25 per month; breakfast
<> a. m. sharp. Box SOC9. Call office.
30Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
110 Andes 12* i 300 Mexican 29
200 Best & Belcher. 27 900 Ophir 83
100 Caledonia .:.... 1 10 750 Ophir 84
300 Chollar 15 300 Overman ....... 23
900 Con Cal St Va..l 75 300 Silver Hill 12
800 Gould & Curry. 2s . 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
B<M) Gould & Curry. 29| 800 Yellow Jacket.. 23
200 Gould & Curr/. 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. SATURDAY. April 7—12 m.
Alpha '.. 04 OolKentuck 01 02
Alta C 8 OSlLady Wasngtn. — 03
Andes .......... 10 12! Mexican JS 33
Belcher 31 32 Occidental 12 14
Best & Belcher. 28 2!» Ophir S3 »5
Bullion-. 03 04 Overman 20 23
Caledonia 1001 15 Potosl ..'. .-. 15 16
Chollar 14 13 Savage ...". 12 14
Challenge Con.. 20 22 Scorpion — 02
Confidence 75 76!Se* Belcher ... 04 05
Con Cal & Va..l 79 ISO Sierra Nevada.. 63 63
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sliver Hill » 15
Con New York.. — 02 St Louts , — 12
Crown Point ... IS ¦fu Standard —2 05
Exchequer 02 04 Syndicate ...... — 12
Gould & Curry. 28 30 Union Con 22 33
Hale & N0r0... 82 33 Utah 12 13
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 29 SO
Justice 06 07
Continued on Page Thirty.
New York Grain and Produce.
a __ »
NEW YORK, April 7.— FLOURr-Reoelpta,
42,600 barrels; exports, 19.900 barrels. Dull, but
steady; winter patents, $3 65@3 90; winter
straights, $3 4503 60; winter extras, $2 6502 93;
winter low grades, $2 2552 40; Minnesota pat
ents, $3 70^4; Minnesota bakers, $2 85@2.
WHEAT— Receipts. 66,000 bushels. Spot,
steady; No. 2 red, 80%0 f. o. b. afloat spot; No.
2 red, 77% c elevator; No. 1, Northern Duluth,
80%0 f. o. b. afloat prompt. ' Options opened
steady on prospects of bullish statistics on
Monday, but were afterward Influenced by fine
weather in winter wheat States and realizing.
Closed steadier on firmer continental' cables at
unchanged prices. May, 73%®73 13-16C, closed
73% c; July, 73 9-ie@73?4c, closed 73% c; Septem
ber, 73%@74c, closed 74.
HOPS— Steady; State, common to choice, 1896
crop, 60; 1897, 7@9c; 1899, 12@13c; Paclflo Coast.
1896 crop, 4®6c; 1898, 7@9c; 1899, 12@130.
HIDES— Steady; Galveston, 20 and 25 pounds,
19% c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 21%o; Texas
dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 15c
COFFEE— CIosed steady at net unchanged
prices to 10 points higher. Total sales, 16,760
bags. Including: May, $6 65i56 70; June, $6 65-
July. $6 75; September. $6 BS®6 90; October,
$6 40; December, $7 20; January, $7 25; Febru
ary. $7 So@7 85. ..
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, B%c; Cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4%e. Molasses sugar, 8 11-I6c;
refined, steady. No. 6, 4.65 c; No. 7, 4.60 c; No 8
4.65 c; No. 9, 4.50 c; No. 10, 4. 45c;. N0. 1L 4 40c
standard A. 4.95 c; confectioners' A. 4.950; mold
A, 4.40 c; cutloaf, 6.65 c; crushed, 6.65 c; powdered,
6.25 c; granulated, 5.15 c; cubes, 6.30 c
¦- BUTTER— Receipts, 3111 packages; barely
steady; Western creamery. 18ig2lc; Western
factory, 16S18C. \.' *
EGGS— Receipts, 11,119 packages; firm; State
and Pennsylvania at mark, 12%@13cr .Western
storage, 12% c; regular packing, 12@12*40; South
ern at 1 mark, 111/ 12c. „-..;.
. DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was quiet
and - without change In quotations. : California
dried fruits -ruled inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES, common.
New York Stock Market.
able signs this week of a top-heaviness and are
sustained by palpable manipulation and
vague rumors of extraordinary advan
tages, but whether the general . level
of prices has reached or exceeded the
point that adequately discounts the present
and future advantages to accrue to the stocks
is a que.stion much more difficult to decide.
There is quite an extended list of stocks
which have run above the high level last year
tnd risen to record prices. But practically
all of these have enjoyed an Increase In
the actual rate of dividends disbursed, or have
approached nearer to dividends by -the satis
faction of prior dividend claims of preferred
ftcoks and bonds, on which payment of income
is contingent on earnings. The only con
spicuous stock in this list to which this de
scription does not apply is Pennsylvania,
which has risen above last year's hi£h level.
The dividend rate remains unchanged and the
advance in the stock Is based on the large ex
tension of control of competing and con
tributory lines in Its territory by purchase of
stocks, themselves paying dividends, and on
the earnings of the company. The stocks
which have risen above latt year's level are
all in the railroad list, the industrials being all
decidedly lower. The week's actual develop
ments bearing on securities' values have been
few, but altogether favorable.
Reports of railroad net earnings for Feb-
tuary and of gross earnings for March show
hem to be beyond all precedent, in spite of
:he very high level for comparison with last
March earnings. The oflicial reports for
March of the operation of the new financial
aw makes It evident that the banks are not
-ushing into a precipitate note inflation, and
?ven to the extent of 10 per cent increase in
present dej>osits of bonds, they have proceeded
n a leisurely manner. The high price of Gov
rnment bends has Invited large realizing and
¦unsequent withdrawal from circulation of
anks selling their bonds, making the outlook
egarding bank circulation much confused. But
his realizing in Governments has been ac-
panied by large liquidation of luans to New
'ork banks with which the bonds were held
nd has released capital for reinvestment, as
[.fleeted in the broad and active market for
lilroad bonds. By the disbursement of prem
jms on United States bonds, presented for
(inversion and the payment of April Interest,
he Sub-Treasury at New York has released
idditiunal sums to the money market. The
argely increased demands for stock market
perations have thus been easily met. London's
¦peratlons in Americans have continued on a
arge scale, but the sterling exchange rate has
ontinued upward. London selling to take
ronts partly explains this. The fact is also
ited that, while buying low-priced stocks,
Jon was selling the high-priced ones, thus
?avins a credit balance on account. The
rospects of the - grain crops and the cvi-
lences of foreign needs in the grain markets
ire elements of increasing Influence In the
lock market.
Business In the bond market has been on
. very larce scale and lower class bonds with
he prospects of betterment have been the fa-
vcrites.
United States refunding, twos, when Issued,
declined \±: old -fours and fives %, new fours
J,4J ,4 and threes U per cent In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Closing
Eales. Stocks— Bid.
6.200 Atchison 27%
fc,6CO Atchison prefd 71 T j
4,ii25 l*tltimore & Ohio M%
Canadian Pacific 97
4,835 Canada Southern 67
26,745 Chesapeake »-.- Ohio 32%
t 1,072 Chicago Great Western 14 1 *
3,000 Chicago Burlington Quincy 131
2,000 Chicago Ind 6: Louisville 27V4
Chicago Ind R- Louisi-ilie prefd 58
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 104
100 Chicago & Northwestern 164
1,400 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 112%
8.100 C C C & St Louis 64
Colorado Southern 6%
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 44
Colorado Southern 2d prefd ls%
200 Delaware & Hudson 117
Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. lhli%
1,310 Denver & Rio Grande .'. 21%
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73
Erie 13%
542 Erie Ist prefd 41-*
Great Northern prefd 1C3%
4'- 1 Hocklng-Coal 19
1,025 Hocking Valley 39%
4iO Illinois Central 116 Vi
lowa Central prefd 64%
100 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf li%
2,4'D0 Lake Erie & Western S3* 4
Lake Erie & Western prefd SS
Lake Shore 200
8.000 Louisville & Nashville 85%
10.555 Manhattan Elevated DV,i
3,420 Metropolitan Street Railway 164
120 Mexican Central 13%
$00 Minneapolis & St Louis 65%
400 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 96%
16,760 Missouri Pacific 22*4
100 Mobile & Ohio 47
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12
4,f'00 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 36
1,000 New Jersey Central 113%
1.520 New York Central 135%
6,025 Norfolk & Western 35/*
•239 Norfolk & Western prefd 77
6,470 Northern Pacific COT 4
6i>o Northern Pacific prefd 77 1 ,4
400 Ontario & Western 20%
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
27,900 Pennsylvania Hltt
220 Reading 20
I.UXt Reading l*t prefd 64
S.OuO Reading 2d prefd 34
300 Rio Grande Western 63%
Rio Grande Western prefd 89
200 St Louis & San Fran 11%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 71
600 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36%
400 St Louis Southwestern 12*4
1,000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 32
2.100 at Paul *24%
Bt Paul prefd }<*
st Paul & Omaha 117
11,780 Southern Pacific 40%
2.700 Southern Railway -. J4J4
3 SOO Southern Railway prefd 69%
3.500 Texas & Paclfio 17%
17,670 Union Pacific 68%
1,100 Union Pacific prefd 76%
3.C00 Wabash 7%
14.500 Wabash prefd ••••••••• Z *J*
900 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 30%
I.SOO Wisconsin Central 18*4
Express Companies—
Adams 11J
American ..••...•..••• ..14i
".'.".'.".".". United States «
Wells Fargo ~
Miscellaneous—
1.400 American Cotton Oil »7%
American Cotton Oil pretd 98
American Malting 4*4
American Malting prefd 21%
600 Am Smelting & Refining .*.. 40
200 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 89*4
American Fplrits 2*4
American Fpirlts prefd 17
ZOO- American Ptee! Hoop 35%
.....'.. American Steel Hood prefd... 81
t,O2S American Steel & Wire 66*4
910 American Steel & Wire prefd »o>4
American Tin Plate S3
225 American Tin Plate prefd. 84
4,645 American Tobacco 107
American Tobacco prefd 135
733 Anaconda Mining Co E2%
CO,2'jO Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75%
625 Colorado Fuel & Iron 48%
1,480 Continental Tobacco 31%
340 Continental .Tobacco prefd 83
4.D50 Federal Steel 49
110 Federal Pteel prefd 73
220 General Electric , 132
Glucose Sugar „ 62%
......•""¦Glucose Sugar prefd .'....;..' 89Vi
JOO International Paper ...: 21
. . International Paper prefd e4%
Laclede Gas ..: :..... 73
National Biscuit 35
....... National Biscuit prefd................ 90
1 National -Lead 24
eso National Lead prefd 104%
....... National Steel «%
... National Steel prefd....:...:.......... 94
.- New York Air Brake .......125
1100 North American 15%
. ... Pacific Coast 51%
;...;.. Pacific Coast Ist prefd.. 82
- .. Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
000 Pacific Mall 35*4
11,261 People's Gas 109%
100 Pressed Steel Car........... 63
..... Pressed Steel Car prefd 83*4
100 Pullman Palace Car ..153%
Btandard.Roce & Twine.............. 6%
49,535 Sugar ......116
The only change worthy of note in securities
was an advance in Hawaiian Commercial to
$SS. Business was good for Saturday.
The oil stocks stood about the same.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pa ya dividend of 35c per share on the 10th.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared the usual quarterly dividend
of $1 10 per share, payable on the l'Jth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, April 7—12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bal. Ask.
U S Bonds— Cent L & P... 4 4%
4s quar c0up..H4%115 Equit G L Co. 3% 4
4s do reg 114 V,115 Mutual El Co. 12% 13
4s do cp new.. 133>*13i% O G L & H.... 46% —
3a do coupon... UUUlll Pac Gas Imp.. s<Ha 51%
Miscellaneous — Pac L C 0....'.. — 48
Cal-st Cab a 5 ..117 — SFG & E 61 61%
C C Wat 55...105%106% San Francisco. 4% 4%
Ed L&. P 6s.. Vii — stkn G&KCo 10 —
F&CI Ry 65.. 114 — Insurance—
Geary-st R 6s. — 92% Firem's Fund. 229 —
H C & S 5%5. — — Bank Stocks-
Do 5s 105%107*i Anfflo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
LARy 5s 103* i — Bank of Ca1. .410 —
L A LCo 55.. — — Cal S D. &. T..1C2% —
Do gntd 65.. — — First National. — 230
Do entd 65.. — 101 Lon P &A....132 -
LA& P R 53.102% — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s...ISSVi — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55. 116% — Ger S & L..1520 —
NCN G X (S.US — Hum S& L. — —
NR of Cal 65.113*4 — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NP of Cal ss. — 113% S F Say U.. 510 —
N PC R R 63.104% — Say & L So. 74 78
NPC R R 55. 107 — Sec Say Bk. — — '
NC R R 55. ...112 — Cnion T Co. — —
oak G L.&Hss.lui«J<; — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65... 113*jU4% California 120%122
• >ak W Co 55.. — l'Jb** Geary-st 60
Oceanic S C0..105%106ii Market-st Ry.. 63% 64
Dm CRy 65. ..125 — OS L & H... — 50
P&CI Ry 65..104% — Presidio 15% 20
Pk &O Ry 63. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 63.117 — California 153 164
Sac L & GR5s. 90 — Giant Con Co.. 84% 84%
SF & SJV 65.115%— Vigorit 3% 3%
BRy of Cal 65.113 — Sugar Stocks—
S Pof A 65....112%113*4 Hana S P Co. 9*i —
SP C 65(1905).1(j8% — Haw C&SCo SS —
Do (1906) ....110 — Honokaa S Co. 32% 33*1
Do (1912) .... — — Hutch S P Co. 26U 26%
Do Ist eg ss. — — Kllauea S Co. 22 —
B P Br 6s 126*4127% Makawell S Co 48% 40
S V Water 65.H4%114% Onomea S Co.. 28 29
Do 4s — 104% Paauhau S Co. 31% —
SV W 45(3dm)102 103 Miscellaneous-^'
Stktn Gas 63..100 103 Al Pack Assn. iff 120
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. — 102*4
Contra Costa... 63 66 M»r Ex Assn.. — lOrt
Martn County. — — Oceanic S Co.. 94V t 96*4
Spring VaUey. 95 — Pac AF A 2 — '
Gas & Electric — Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
Tent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con 84 37%
105 Giant Powder Con 84 50
13 Hana Plantation Co 9 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 87 Ot)
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 87 25
135 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 88 00
Honokaa S Co 32
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 37»i
50 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 22 *)
320 Makawell 48 73
70 Market Street Railway..: 63 75
223 Paauhau S P Co 31 50
45 S F Gas * Electric Co 61 00
95 S F Gas & Electric Co.: 60 73
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 87*4
20 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 50 73 "
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 12%
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 25
80 S F Gas & Electrlc.Co, 3 90 .7. 51 00
41 Spring Valley Water 93 23
60 Vigorit 3 25
Street—
10 Giant Powder Con 84 60
80 Paauhau S P Co 31 59
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANOBL
Morning Session.
Board—
600 Anaconda '. so
500 Anaconda S3
ICO Anaconda 45
100 Barker Ranch 1 15
1000 Home Oil J 55
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 11' 200 Gould & Curry. 29
100 Belcher 31 150 Mexican 37
200 Best & Belcher. 27 100 Ophir 83
600 Chollar 15! 200 Potosl ».. 1;
600 Con Cal & Va..l 75 1 200 Savage .....".... 12
DO Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Union Con ..,.. 32
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, April 7.— The Financier says
The statement of the Associated Banks of
New York, issued April 7, Is remarkable for Its
variation from known facts rather, than for any
Influence It will have on the current money
market. In the first place figures prove that
the treasury last week was a debtor to the
clearing-house Institutions for about $4,000,000,
and operations with the Interior resulted In a
tain of at least one million additional. Instead
of showing the effect of these additions to cash
holdings the statement reveals a gain of less
than two and one-half millions In Bpecie and
an actual loss of three-quarters of a million In
legals. In other words, the banks gained lesn
than one and three-quarter millions during the
week. - Assuming this to have been the case,
the weekly exhibit becomes immediately logical.
The expansion in loans, coupled with the slight
increase in cash, accounts for an expansion of
$14,679,000 in deposits, and as the latter call for an
extra reserve of $3,669,700, the actual surplus Is
reduced $1,931,350, which Is entirely different from
what previous calculations indicated. There Is
no method of analysis by which this conflicting
showing can be explained. Operations of sin
gle large banks don't figure as Important fac
tors Jn the totals, the changes having been
more generally distributed through the entire
list than usual. The expansion In loans, of
course, results from the week's activity in spec
ulative circles, and this was naturally respon
sible for the deposit Increase. The unexplained
feature Is the failure to reflect the cash gains,
but the system of averages employed in compil
ing the statement probably has obscured for the
time being the additions to the reserve. The
heaviest decrease in cash reported by any one
bank was only about two millions, not suffi
cient of .Itself to have accounted for the disap
pointing exhibit. The banks have added $437,500
to circulation, bringing the total to $20,574,&00.
Next week's statement will probably prove of
an entirely different character from the pres
ent one, as the April disbursements in the form
of Interest and dividend payments will have
been rather fully settled.
London Market.
NEW YORK, April 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was rather quiet in the markets here
to-day. Stocks opened dull on the war news,
but quickly recovered, and the closing was
fairly firm. Consols were 101%, and the war
loan finished at 1 13-16 premium, after touching
1%. Americans were distinctly good, hardening
throughout, and prices were well over, parity.
They closed at the best. ¦ There was consider
able German buying. Chesapeake and Ohio and
Union Pacific were features. Copper shares
arted weak, but rallied later. Tintos were
6!»Vi@ii3%. Anacondas were 10%@10%. Call
money was In good supply, but fixtures were
.harder and bills were firmer. A moderate sup
ply was offered.
A new combination of cotton and wool dyers
Is announced, amalgamating forty-six busi
nesses, with a share capital of £2,000,000 and
£7.',0,000 debentures.
The Board .of Trade returns for March show
that imports Increased 8.2 per cent and exports
Increased 13.8. There was a decrease in Amer
ican grain shipments. Cotton Imports Increased
In quantity 261,000 hundredweight and In value
$1,650,000.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 7.— Canadian Pacific, 99%;
Union Pacific preferred, 78%; Northern Pacific,
79%; Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda, 10%. Bar
Silver, steady. 27% d.
t
Condition of the Treasury..
WASHINGTON. April 7.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balance In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $177,719,710; gold. $95,917,848.
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 33,000 57,000
Wheat, bushels 67.000 76,000
Corn bushels 296,000 272,000
Oats' bushels 192,000 ISS.OOO
Rye, bushels . 4,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 44,000 8,000
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are not coming in as freely as expected
a few days ago, and the market Is consequently
firm, with some sales at 6c. The other descrip
tions are unchanged.
BEEF— 6*«<&7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6®9c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®Bc; ewes, 6%©7 c per
Ib.
LAMB— Spring, 9®loc per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, 5%c for small and medium
and 6%®5%c for large: stock Hogs and feed
ers. s%tts?j|C; dressed Hcgs, 7@B%c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, APRIL 7, 1300.
Flour, qr 5k5...... B,Sls ; Sugar, sks 1.41W
Wheat, ctls 58,870;EgKs, dozen 32,970
Barley, ctls 1, 480; Hay. tons 383
Rye, ctls 130, Straw, tons 15
Oats, ctls 80 Lime, bbls IS2
Corn, ctls 770. Pelts, bdls 290
Cheese, ctls 75JHldes, No 4.5C9
Butter, ctls 843jLeather, rolls .... 208
Tallow, ctls ...... 263|Wlne. gallons ....73,100
Beans, sks 269Xhicory, bbls 23
Middlings, sks ... 200, W001, bales 832
Potatoes, sks 2,3021
.OREGON. -„'
Flour, qr sks .v 2,2041. v 2,204 1 Potatoes, ska 349
Oats, ctls 52QJ
10.000 ctls, %\ 04%; 30,000, $1 04; May— Booo, 96% c;
10,000, 96% c.
Second Session— 4ooo ctls, 96% c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 8000
ctls. $1.04%; 2000, $104*4; May— 2ooo, 96% c; 4000,
96% c.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new, the market
being dull. „
Feed. <5c- for No. 1 and 65®72%c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades. 80@
87% c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No eales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Stagnant at the old prices.
White. U l'J&l 30; Red. 'jsc®sl 17%; Gray.
$1 07*461 15: Black. 97%C®$1 05.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at $1 05©
1 07% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I®l 10;
mixed, $1 05©l 07% per ctl.
RYE— 97%c®U per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60©3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 2503 per barrel.
- MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 60;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25® 3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6® 7 25; In sacks. $5 75®
7- Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed Stuffs.
Bran Is In limited supply, but the demand Is
also , limited. There is nothing new In Hay.
BRAN— JI2@I3- per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI€©I9 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 60@2S; Cocoanut Cake. J-0@21; Corn Meal.
$23 60(&24; Cracked Corn, $24#24 60; Mixed Feea,
$15 60; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7<g9 for common to good; $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
i 6 50<g9: Oat. $C@B; Barley, $5®7; Alfalfa. $6@
7 50 ocr ton.
STRAW— 2S® 3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 25; small White. $3 25®
3 50; large White. $3 20®3 25; Pink, $2@2 85; Red.
$3 5033 75; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nominal;
Lima. $5 25; Pea, $3 40®3 50; Red Kidneys, $3 50
Sf4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%®4%c; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9££iCc; Rape, 2%®3c; Hemp. 4®4%c;
Timothy, 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90©2 25; Green, $1 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are firm at the advance. There Is
nothing new In Potatoes. Vegetables are In
their usual good supply.
Receipts were 906 boxes Asparagus, 643 boxes
Rhubarb, 604 sacks Peas and 252 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65®75c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks. 40@60c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 65c® $1; Sweet Potatoes. $2 for Mer
ced:'New Potatoes l^ig^c.
ONIONS— S3 50®4 per ctl for good stock.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 40c©$l per box; As
paragus, 7v>clisl 25 per box for No. 2 and $1 60®
1 75 for No. 1 and $2@2 25 for fancy large; Qreen
Peas, 75c@$l 50 per sack; String Beans, 4@Bc;
Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 85c® $1 75; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles, S@loc; Dried Okra, 32% c per
lb: Garlic, 2%®3%c; Green Peppers from Los
Angeles, 20c; Dried Peppers, S@loc; Carrots,
25i&35c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
$I@l 25 per box; Cucumbers, 50oS$l per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Several cars of Eastern will be put on to
morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10®Uc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75
<g2; Goslings, $2 25@2 75; Ducks, $4 Eo®s 50 for
old and $6 50@7 for young; Hens, $4@5; Young
Roosters, $6@7; Old Roosters, $4 25&4 50; Fryers,
$5 50@6; Broilers. $4 50® 5 for large and $3@3 50
for small ; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen for old
and $1 75<g2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $125; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50; Gray,
Geese, $2!g2o0; White, 60<g75c; Brant, $1 25@1 sp;
English Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are being liberally stored, here and at
Petalurna, which offsets the heavy receipts and
keeps the market In good shape for sellers.
Butter Is weak at previous prices. There is
no change in Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, 16
®16% c. '-• .' ',¦-';«-•-
Dairy — Fancy. 16c; good to choice, ;15@15%c;
common, 14c.
¦ CHEESE— New. 7%c: Young America, 8c;
Eastern, 16@17c; Western, 15® 16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and 14%®16c
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Pruits.
Receipts of Strawberries were twice as large
as they have been, being 140 chests, but prices
are kept up.
Fresh Mexican Limes are due. Oranges are
well cleaned up and firm.
Blackberries from Covina, $2^2 25 per crate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—7S(g'9Oc per box for common, $I®l 50
for good to choice and $1 75@2 for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— S3<g6 per chest for large
and $10® 15 for small berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25@3 25
per box; Seedlings. $I@l 75; Lemons, $I@l 50
for common and iVcLZ 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 60@ 5; California Limes, ;
Bananas. $1 25(&2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $4@5
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4®4%c for
40-50's, 3%©40 for 50-60's. 3%c for 60-70's, 3%c
for 70-80's, 3@3V4c for 80-9O"s and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, 11@12%c for Royals. 12%@15e
for Moorparks and 12@13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches, 6%@6c for Standards. 6%@6%c for
choice and 7@So for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried, 5@
5%c per lb; Nectarines, SQ9c; Pears, S%@4%c
for. dark and 7@So for bright halves; Black
Figs, 2©2% c; White Figs. *©3c; Bleached
Plums, B@9c; unbleached Plums, 7@7%c for
pitted and l%c for unpitted. .
RAISfIKS — Bleached Thompson's^ — Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c; choice, 7.% c; standard. 6%c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, C%c;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
I-crown, $1 60 per box; 3-crown, $1 80. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. B©9c for standards and
9@loo for eoftshells; Almonds. 11%@120 for
paper shell. 9@loc for soft and 4@sc for hard
shell: Peanuts, 6%®6Xc for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts. 7%®Bc; Filberts.
12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 6005.
HONEY— Comb, 11%@12c for bright and 10%®
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c; light amber extracted. 7%07%c; dark,
6%©6 c per lb.
BEESWAX-24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues firm, with moderate
stocks.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10% c per lb * for
heavy. 10% c for light medium, ll%c for light.
12% c for extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $13
per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra
Prime Pork, $14 W@ls; extra clear, $13; Mess,
$16 60; Smoked Beef, 12%@130 per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®Bc per lb for
compound and B@B%o for pure; half barrels,
pure, B%c; 10-lb tine, 9%c; 6-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. B®B%c per lb; 18-lb
tins. i%c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool is dull in sympathy with a weak and
halting Eastern market. Hides are steady and
In better demand.
HIDES AND * SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10c; medium, 9c; light, 9c;- Cowhide*, 9c;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, «c; Calf, B%@locr
Dry Hides, sound, 18c; culls and brands, 15c;
Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf. 19c: Sheep
skins, shearlings 15@30c each; short Wool. 35©
600 each; medium. 7C@9Oc; long Wool, $10125
each; Horse Hides. $2 25©3 for large and $1 25
©1 75 for small; Colts, 25@60c. Deer Skins-
Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medium skins,
85c; winter or thin v skins, 20c. Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras, 76c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium, 35c. '¦ _V, T ,-"'''¦¦- ¦•""'.:
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6®5%c per lb; No.
2. 4®4%c; refined. 6%c; grease, 2%©3 c
WOOL— Spring clip Is . quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16018 c: Northern defective 13©
16c Middle County ¦ free, 15@17c; Middle
County defective, 13@15c: Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12® 14c; do free. 7 months', 12®15c;
do defective, 7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20@23c; Nevada, 16@18o per lb.
¦ HOPS— 6%@ 10c per lb.
. General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln .Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%<§6%c; Wool Eags. 28%@32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, > $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 M;. Seattle,
$6 60; Bryant. *6 50; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $3:
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Cumberland. $12 In
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per
sacks: Castle Gate and Rock Springs, $S 45 per
2000 Ib*. ¦ • -
COFFEE— C. D. Blckford's circular' gives the
130 Sugar prefd 110
. f«5 Tennessee Coal & Iron 95%
5.410 United States Leather 13Vi
220 United States Leather prefd 73
3,100 United States Rubber...... 35%
100 United States Rubber prefd 100
195 Western Union 84
1.400 Republic Iron & 5tee1....... 21%
110 Republic Iron & Steel prefd €5%
"••\^A p C C & St Louis 68
1.000 Third Avenue ..103%
894,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S Is rfdg, wh^n iM X & T 2ds 69
Issued 99%! Do 4s 93%
Do 2s reg 89% N J C gen 6s 123%
Do 3s reg WJ%!N Carolina 6s 127%
Do 3s coup 110%! Do 4s _106
Do new 4s reg...133%N Pacific 3s 65%
Do new 4s c0up. .133V- Do 4s 104%
Do old 4a res.... 114% N V C & 6t L 45.. 106
Do old 4S4 S coup..U4>4 N& W con 4s 98
Do 63 reg 113% Do gen 6s 133
Do 6s coup 113% Or Nay lsts 110
Dlst of Col 1.655. ..113 Do 4s 103%
Atchlson gen 45. ...100% Or Short Line 65.. .127%
Do adj 4s 84% Do con 6s 114%
Can Co 2ds 107 Reading gen 45.;... 89T4
Ches & Ohio 4',4a..100 ROW lsts 99«4
Do £s 120 iSt L & I M con 6s.Ul
Chi & N con 7s 143% St L& S F gen 65. 122
Do S F deb u5. ...121% jßt Paul c0n5.......171U
Chicago term 45... "JG Bt PC & P 15t5... 119%
D& R G lats 103*4 Do 6s 121%
Do 4b 99% So Railway 6s 113
E T V & O lsts. ...lol** Stand R & T 65.... 75
Erie gen 4s 74% Term new set Sa... 95%
FW & I) C Ist* .. 73 Tex & Pac lsts 114%
Gen Electric 55...;11';% Do 2ds 66
GH&S A 6s 113 U Pacific 4s ...106%
Do 2ds 108 ! Wabash lsts US
II & T C 6s 110 Do 2ds 103%
Do con 6s 10S West Shore 4s 114*4
lowa Cent lsta 115 IWis Central lsts.. 92? i
X C P & G lsts... 73%(Va Centuries....... 90%
La new con 4a 108 Do deferred 9^
L& N uni 4s 101 Colo &So 4s 54%
NYC lsts 112 S Parifle 4s 85
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 14; Ontario 8 63
Crown Point 18'Ophir 80
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Plymouth 11
Deadwood 65 : Quicksilver ........ 1 75
Gould & Curry.... 27. Quicksilver prefd.. 800
Hale & Norcross.. 30. Sierra Nevada 50
Homestake 60 00 Standard S 15
Iron Silver 6S Union Con 23
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket 27
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iCnion Paclflo 58%
Call loans rHS^ilUnlon Land 3
lime loans i'AQi jWest End 93
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch T & St Fe.... 17% Atchlson 4s 100
Do prefd TV&'N E Gas & Coke 6s 69
American Sugar. . . 111?» I Mining Shares-
Do prefd 110^1 Adventure 6%
Bell Telephone 313 |Allouez Mm Co 2H
Boston & Albany. 24s |Amalg Copper 9i%
Boston Elevated... l2o (Atlantic 27
Chi B & Q ....131V& Boston & Mont 324
Dominion Coal 47 Butte & 805t0n.... S3
Do prefd 115 Calumet & Hecla.76o
Federal Steel 49 Centennial 24
Do prefd 73Vi;Franklin 17* i
Fitchburg prefd.. ..132 iHumboldt 75
Gen Electric 112 ;Dsceola 70
Do prefd 136 Parrot 4S>&
n«l Elec 111 205 Quincy 137
Mexican Central... 13»i Sta Fe Copper 7
N E Gaa & Coke... 18 Tamarack 194
Old Colony 206 Utah Mining..." 34
Did Dominion 23V& Wlnona 6
Rubber 85 , Wolverines 41*6
4%@5c; prime,' G%@6c; choice, 7@7%c; fancy,
7'WSHe. • -; •
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3V4@7o per
lb., as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 13@15o; Moorpark. 15@16c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18@22c; unpeeled, 7V6@9c
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, April 7.— Corn opened weak, but
found some friends after a -concession of about
half a cent from yesterday's closing figure.
.They held It up and gradually forced It up a
shade over, yesterday, but these were not
strong enough to hold' the advantage. There
was a bearish element at work In the pit, and
considerably^ emboldened by the report that
certain heavy longs were ready to reap. their
harvest of profits, brought considerable pressure
to the selling side. There were those who
thought the market much too broad to be In
fluenced by a single heavy speculator, or even
a coterie of them, one student of the situation
remarking that the great American steers and
hogs were running to corn a great deal this
season. Some reports made country accept
ances over night, freerer, while others said the
farmers will still be disposed to keep the
coarse grain In their own cribs. Liverpool was
lower for futures, but firm . for spot. Balti
more reported 250,000 bushels accepted by the
other side.
May opened %c down at 39%@40c, advanced
to 40% c and then reacted to 39% c, closing
steady, 9i® lie down at 39%@40c. Trada ' was
active at times, but the volume of business
showed a falling off from recent quantities.
Wheat was dull and weak. Shorts had their
eyes on the action of. corn, but the general at
titude-was bearish arid it told In the end. Jhe
cash demand was poor and the supply on the
floor generally was over the demand.
The market took a brace following the open-
Ing in sympathy with corn, - but promptly
weakened when the big cereal reacted. The
speculative trade was light. New York re
ported five loads taken for export. Seaboard
clearances in wheat-flour were equal to 850,000
bushels.
May opened unchanged at 66%@66T4e, de
clined to C6%c, reacted with corn to 66%0 and
then broke to 66Hc, at which the market
closed, H@%c under yesterday..
The provision market was firm and fairly ac
tive In spite of the grain easiness and lower
prices at the yards. A good demand for pack
ers, together with fear of the rise in ribs, the
supply of which is light, were the factors. In
terest was keenly centered- in May ribs. Shorts
were very nervous. May ribs closed 10c
over yesterday at $7 02V4. May pork closed 2V40
up at $12 70 and May lard 2%c better at $6 60.
There was considerable profit-taking through
out the session.
The oats market followed corn. The specu
lative market was tame. May closed %o
lower at 24% c.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office. U. 3. N., M«r-»
chant*' Rxchanse. San Francisco. Cal..
April 7. ISOO.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. • . at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Ueuterant Commander. U. S. N.. In chance.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
Charters.
The G!*-*j-« was chartered prior to arrival
'or wheat to Europe. 41s Sd.
The Ceylon loads merchandise for Honolulu.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were JU.SO4.
2SS, arainst 117.522,654 for the same week last
year.
Treasure Shipment.
The China took cut a treasure list of $206,578,
cor-sletlng of $'^€.SSO In Mexican dollars, 1234«
Jr. gold coin, J4S.COU In silver bullion and $230 C
In Guatemalan silver.
Weather Report.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EXN FRANCISCO, April 7. 6 p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall la last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.20 45.10 31. 11
lied Bluff Trace J0. 07 1*.37
Sacramento — Trace 15. *2 13.i>l
Saa Francisco Trace 17.47 15. Si
Fresno 0.02 7.35 6.76
Ir.depenence 0.00 2.78 1.16
Sun Luis Obispo 0.00 45.10 14.77
L<>B Angeles 0.01 6.63 4.7»
Ban Diego Trace 8.3S 4.CS
Yuma 0.00 0.79 . 1.34
S«ui Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
£>: minimum. 46; mean, £.2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Coast. A depression of
much i-nerry overlies the Kocky Mountains ex
: :: lias eastward to the Missouri Valley and
¦outawestward to the valley cf the Colorado.
There has been a fall in temperature from
1C degrees to 2* degrees over Utah, Nevada.
Idaho and Western Montana. On the Pacific
sl< pc the temperatures are generally below the
normal. - JM|SMi4MnHS4fIBniMW' i 'BS*sM'
A thunder etorm Is reported at Bait Lake
City.
The following maximum wind velocities are
r> i" rted: Portland, 22 miles per hour, from the
northwest; Walla Walla. 20 mile*, from the
eouthwest; Baker City. 2S miles, from the
northwest; Eureka. 30 miles, from the north-
west; Fresno. S« miles, from the northwest
Independence. 40 mile*, from the northwest
Yunia, 36 miles, from the west; Salt Lake City
3c miles, from the northwest: Winnemucca. 34
miles, from the «•«; Mount Tamaluais. 49
mHe?. from the northwest, and Point Reyes, 72
n:ii"i=. from the northwest. . . . „, :.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco for SO hotirs
ending midnight April 8. IWX>:
Northern California — Fair Sunday; brisk
northwest winds.
Southern California— Clearing Sunday morn
lr.*r: fa'.r Sunday: brisk northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Utah— nain or snow early Sunday morning,
c'.t-arir.E Sunday.
Arizona— Cloudy Sunday; colfler In northern
portion.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
light northerly wind.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 14 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 4 87*4
Sterling ' Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight. — • :15
New York Exchange, : telegraphlo — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce.... — 69H
Mexican D011ar5.................... 48H 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The market was a shade firmer 'on
call, but ; unchanged \ on" the spot. Paris was
higher. .Chicago was weak. In sympathy with
the : depression • in Corn.;- : -¦-' *•¦¦¦ • .".,..<
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96Vi©97%c; milling,
88%6U01K.. .•-¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— December-
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 7.— Wheat, firmer; Blueate:
Cto; club, 540.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. Aortl T.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson. 33 hours from Cre«-
Stmr Noyo Fosen. 15 hours from Fort Bragg.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. 1* hours from
Greenwood. _^
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 16% hour* from Eu-
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins. «4 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Orizaba. Shea, 71 hours from Newport
and way ports. . ,
Stmr Progreso. Zolllng. 94 hours from Ta-
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 13 hours from Al-
Stznr Matteawan. Croscup. 9S hours from T»-
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. 9 hours from Iver
sens Landing- „,
Br stmr Belgian King. Weiss. 36 days from
Hongkong, via San Diego 2 days.
Ship C F Sargent. Haskell. 13 days from Ta
coma.
% Br ship Sierra Pedrosa, Starkey. 144 daya
from Antwerp.
Bark Edward May. Hansen. 13 days from
Makawell.
. Schr J Epptnger. Nyman, 9 hours from Ttm
ber Cove.
Schr Chas E Falk. Brown, 10 days from Port
Blake ley.
Schr Helen N Klmball, Hansen, 17 days from
Hana.
Schr Nettle Eundborr. Nelson. hours
from Fort Ross. .
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheatr- Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 10 6 9H
Closing 6 10% 6 9%
Wheat— Mar. May-Aug.
Opening 20 65 21 85
Closing 20 65 22 00
Flour —
Opening 27 00 "• 28 45
Closing 27 10 . 23 60
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Tho week closed generally firm. Natives— Good
to prime steers. $SSG 80; poor to medium, $4 25®
4 90; selected feeders. $4 20<3'4 85; mixed stockers,
$3 50@4; cows, J4ffi"4 60; heifers. $3 25® 4 75; can
ners, $2(g2 75; bulls, $2 75@4 25; calves, $5 25(91
7 25. Texans— Receipts for this week, 3600;
Texas fed eteera, $4@5 10; Texas bulls, $3 200
3 70.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 20,000; Monday (esti
mated), 82,000- left over, 3000; market 2%<S'sc
lower; top. $5 62%. Mixed and butchers', $5 25(9
5 £2%; good to choice heavy, $5 40@5 62%; rough
heavy. $5 25@5 37%; light, $3 25@5 60; bulk of
sales, $5 45<g5 47%.
SHEEP— Receipts, S500; market steady to
strong for sheep and lambs. Good to choice
wethers, $6<§6 30; fair to choice mixed," $s@B;
Western sheep, $5 65if?6 30- yearlings. $6©6 63;
native lambs, $5 60@7 40; Western lambs, $6(3
7 40.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 7.— The brokers- -' price for
lead was $4 43 and for copper $17 25.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. April 7.— Consols, 101 5-16; stiver,
27% d;, French rentes, 10U 40c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 23s Cd; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, April 7.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, steady: flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet,
COTTON— Uplands. 5 13-32 d.
CLOSING,
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 3 red Western win
ter. »s Id; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s %d. Fu
tures, steady; April, nominal; May, 6s 10% d;
July. 6s 9Hd. :..-<
CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed new. 4s
2d; American mixed old, 4s Bd. Futures, steady;
May, 4a 2%d; July, 4s l%d; September. 4a l*;d.
London Wool Sale's.
LONDON, April 7.— The arrivals of wool for
the next series of auction sales amount to 156,
874 bales, Including 48,000 forwarded direct.
Portland's Business.
v PORTLAND. , April 7.— Exchanges, $262,795;
balances, $55,867.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 7.— The local wheat mar
ket continues steady with European and East
ern advices pretty generally Ignored so far as
prices are concerned. The most of the ex
porters are-, quoting 64@55c for Walla Walla
wheat and 63@640/ for Valley. Bluestem 13
steady at about 670. The outlook for the com
ing crop continues very favorable and the crop
promises to be much earlier than usual.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creamery. 15@19c; dairy, IG@
17c Cheese, firm, 12&13 c. Eggs, steady. 10% c.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Steamer Movements.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents. $3 60@3 70; straight*,
$2 So&"3 40; clears. $2 70<g'3 10; Epring specialo,
*3 80513 90; patents. ?3 10@3 45; straights, $2 60
ft"3; bakers'. $2@2 45. No. 3 spring Wheat, 6L'Vj®
65c; No. 2 red. G9*;<§63%c. No. 2 Corn. 39%e.
No. 2 Oats, 25*£<ig26c: No. 2 White, 28Vi@2S^c;
No. 3 White. 27Vi l ?i2&>ric. No. 2 Rye, 56c. No. 2
Barley. 41340 c. No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 70. Prime
Timothy Seed $2 35®2 40. Mess Pork, per bar
rel $12 lOg 12 75. Lard, per ICO pounds, $S 55?<i7.
Short Rib sides, loose. $6 95^7 20. Dry Salted
Shoulders boxed, 6%U6%c. Short Clear sides,
boxed, $7 25@7.40. Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 25%. Sugars— Cut Loaf,
6c; Granulated. 5.44 c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat rather firmer on call. Other cereals unchanged.
Hay weak and quiet. Bran in light supply.
Beans firm, but dull. Seeds nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter and Cheese weak. Eggs firm.
Poultry well cleaned up. Game quiet.
Strawberries in much larger receipt, but steady.
Fresh Limes due from Mexico. Oranges well cleaned up.
PrcrAsions firm, with slender stocks.
Wool dull in sympathy with the East.
Hides steady and in better demand.
Hogs still in light receipt and firm.
Shipment of $206,576 to China.
Local bank clearings sJww a small gain.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUISTDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
receipts at this port since January 1 at 85.375
bags, against 62,484 bags during the same tims
last year. The sales from first hands were 35,
229 bags, against 36.715. The stock in first hands
April 1 was 59,304 bags, against 29.236. The
world s visible supply April 1 was 6.222.936 bags,
against 6,515.558 last year. The circular says:
"Heavy local arrivals and the easier condi
tion of other markets have resulted In a di
vided sentiment between buyers and sellers as
to the future of prices. Coupled with dullness
of trade this has narrowed the movement here
during the past fortnight and at the present
moment it is difficult to effect sales unless at
concessions which the principal holders decline
to concede, although generally willing to meet
fractional differences. Enough coffee, however,
has been offered and sold at about buyers'
views from various sources — sometimes from
second hands— to keep Jobbers supplied and
those who would sell were compelled to enter
the market anad they found It not the one they
wished.
"Demand Is again running largely to coffeea
cf cheap cost rather than those of merit and
higher, value, and Is sufficient to keep stocks
of the former continually at an ebb and prices
fairly firm, although recently affected in a small
degree by easier rates for unwashed Salvador.
\ Isible supply figures show a decrease during
March of 225.000 bags.
"Stocks in first hands consist of 10,913 bags
Costa Rica. 272 Nicaragua, 13.026 Salvador, 31,
534 Guatemala and 2577 Mexican; In all 53.424
bags, as against 35,937 bags same time last
year." ,
We quote: Costa Rica— l4@l6c for prime
washed; 12-gl3%c for gocd washed; 13@15c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 11@12%c for
good to prime peaberry; 11Q13%c for good to
prime; 9«10>4c for current mixed with black
beans; SffjlOVic for medium to fair; 6<i§7%c
nominal for common to ordinary. Salvador— ll®
14c for good to prime washed; 9%t?li>%e forfair
washed: 12@13yic for good to prime washed pea
berry; 9%'810c for good to prime semi- washed:
9Vi©loc for superior unwashed; B%@9c for good
green unwashed; lOVifiWic for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 6Q-7%e nominal for common
to ordinary. Nicaragua— l4<in6*ic for prime to
fancy washed: 9%'S ; l3c for fair to strictly good
washed; KV^tiVic nominal for good to superior
unwashed; lu^lO^c nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican—
dium; 6@7%c for inferior to ordinary; 12',4@13c
for strictly good washed: ll©ll%c for good
washed: 9<ftlG%c for fair washed; BJ/S*ic for me
dium; 6@7%c for Inferior to rodlnary; 12^@13*f.c
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10Srl0%c
nominal for good to prime unwashed peaberry:
8%:&9% c nominal for good to superior unwashed.
BLUAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed 5.60 c; Powdered.
5.60 c; Candy Granulated, 5.20 c; Dry Granulated.
6.10 c; Confectioners" A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c;
Extra C. 4.60 c: Golden C. 4.SOc; barrels 10c
more; half- barrels, 25c more; boxes, EOc more;
60-Ib bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 6.85 c; boxes, 6.10 c per Ib.
AUCTION SALES
200 HORSES AND MULES
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION AT GALT. CAL..
MONDAY. April 9. at 10 o'clock.
fe AUCTION fe
4O HORSES
TUESDAY, 11 O'CLOCK.
ORMONDE STABLE. 1515 MISSION ST.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. APRIL. 8.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tn» tide*
the early mornins tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the.
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha>
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tlds
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are in addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number ¦given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
referenre In the mean of the lower low waters.
NEW TORK. Arrll 7.— The speculative en
•\ . .r.*:r. for an advance In price of securities
received a derided chock In the showing made
\y the Clearing-house banks In their weekly
statement to-day. The buying demand fell
&way and stocks came upon the market at de
clining prices. The most Important part of
the earlier palr.s were wiped cut and the mar
ket closed unsettled and Irregular prices mov
ir.K In contrary directions In different parts of
the list and net changes being much mixed.
The short session thus ended began aus
piciously enough, under the Influence of re
newed buying orders from abroad, which were
paid to have their source In Holland. Bull
pools resumed their operations In various
stocks and the continued strength In Sugar
gave tone to the industrial list. Pennsylvania,
Daltimoi* and Ohio preferred, Missouri Pa
rific and Chesapeake and Ohio were in con-
Kjiieuous examples of strength. The list
promptly gave way on appearance of the bank
statement upon the tape. Preliminary esti
mates of gains In cafh had placed it from four
to six million dollars. Operations with the
Pub-Treasury furnished an increase of $4,000,
000 to the banks. Wall street Is in the dark
as to what drain upon the banks' resources has
m> far offset this advantage as to bring the
ra*h increase down to $1,735,400. It was also
expected that the continued liquidation of loans
for account from holders of Government bonds.
Vihn have been celling them to realize on the
advance in prices, would offset the expansion
of loan* on account of stock market trans
actions to a large extent. The large realizing
cf epeeulatlve profits In the stock market was
Jndif&Uv* also of a paying ott ot loans to some
exttnt. The street was wholly unprepared
for a large increase In loar#, which ehowed
the foremost expansion of $12,954,300. This
served to swell the reserve requirements to the
extent of J3.eC3.750 and the cash increase fell
ehort of this by Jt.BJI.JSO, which therefore
measured the shrinkage In the surplus. The
Inference is clear and unmistakable that the
encroachments made by speculative demand
upon the loanable resources of the banks have
been outrunning their increase from other
sources. A check to epeculative activity Is
Indicated.
The week has witnessed the continued opera
tion of the forces la the etock market, which
have been generally foreseen as the result of
the tr^nd of events for some time past. The
growing conviction In the continuance of pros
perous conditions in the country and the sea
sonable relaxation in the markets have been
the broad, underlying factors In the strength of
the etock market. As usual, the professional
operators in Ftocks have been beforehand In
buying and they have availed themselves of
the considerable advances in prices to sell out
and take their profits. This has caused an
irrepular market during the week, prices ad
vancing et one point while reacting at another.
The best prices have not been maintained
and In many stocks many declines ha\*e re
sulted. It was the rule of operations with
dealers In the *tr>ck market on a large scale to
sell out their holdings and take their profits
ct a flxeij jK>lnt In the advance, while the out
tide buying demand was FtlU active and well
distributed without regard to the existing
favorable outlook for a further rise of prices.
The r ;.-•• Is based on the importance of afford
ing an opportunity for the digestion of the
marketable supply of etocks by the Investment
demand, which is the only true final support
of any market. Such a process of digestion
Invariably interrupts from time to time any
long-continued advance in prices. If it Is ac
complished without any considerable setback in
prices and the investment demand is unim
paired, professional buyers come back into the
market and take on large holdings again, and
wilh the floating supply of etocks thus re
duced, find it easy to advance prices to a still
higher level, when they find It safe to sell out
and take their profits again. This sequence
of events may be repeated Indefinitely. It Is
inevitable that prices should thus be carried
above the level of Intrinsic value, with the re
rult of a constantly Increasing pressure to pell,
the inside investment holders, seeing the stock
selling for more than it Is worth, Joining with
the less-informed Epeculatlve operator to un
load their holdings. Then follows a collapse,
wiping out of margins, shrinkage in the value
<if collateral and often panic. When the cell
ing to take profits begins to predominate over
the buying demand, as has been the case in
the latter part of the wetk, a period of cau
tion and careful scrutiny ensues to detect
whether the rise In prices has reached Its cul
mination. 8om« stocks have given unmUtak-
THE STOCK MARKET.
Discharge of California Rivers.
The following: record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers 13 fur
nished by J. B. Llpolncott, resident hydro
grapher of the United States Geological Survey.
One second foot equals 50 miners' Inches:
TCOLUMNE KIVER AT LA GRANGE.
PARIS.
31
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
April • 66V4
May 6«% 66% 66% 66%
July 68% 68% 67% 67%
September 68% 68% 65% 63%
Corn No. »— „„,,
April 39%
May 40 40% * 39% . 40
July <0% 41V6 40/* 40%
September 41% 41% 40T» 41>*
M^.t!?:™. 24% 23 24% 24%
July 24% 24% 24% 24*5
September 23& 23^4 23>i 23H
Mess Pork, per bbl.
May ..:. 12 67% 12 82% 12 67% 12 70
July 12 65 12 82% 12 65 12 70
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May .!.:. 6 62% 6 67% 6 62% 6 65
July 6SO 6 87% 6 77% 6 82%
September 680 6 87% 680 65a
Short nibs, 100 lbs.
May 700 710 700 7 024
July 680 6 87% 6 77% 6 82%
September 6 82% 685 6SO 6SO
Sun rises...
3un sets —
Moon seta..
'¦2:1*0 "a."
.5:41
.6:l*
. ra
C Time
1
Ft. -
Time
II W
1
Ft. -
1
Ft.
Tlmej
H W
Ft.
8 ...I 0:50
» ... 1:53
ID ... 2:41
j 3.1
:.7
1 1.8
8:25:
7:57
3:«n
3:32'
4.5
4.4
n
I A ai
1:12
1:54
2:36
3:14
o.s
1.1
: i.s
1.5
»:11
8:43
9:21
i.i
Si
5.;
1.3
3
3
9
12 ... 3:SS|
13 ... 4:30
A ... 4:53,
i lA \
1.0!
I o.«!
4.*
4.7!
! 4.7|
3:451
4:l«l
4:4S|
! I.*
' ro!
! 2.21
19:19
1 10:451
I 11:101
5.i
5.*
Steamer.
Fi
Due.
CoquUle Rlv
City of Para
Empire
Corona
rvoooent f.f
.m
B
Dl
fla
a.
>>'
(S>
it
¦bor..
:itV..\
[
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Upr.
Apr.
i
Crescent tit
Ftate of CaJ
Bristol
U.inita
Washtenaw
Queen
Newbunc ...
Point Arena
l.'ipo
..joy
.. Ne
..Ta
..VI,
..Or
artl
rwb
»W|
xcc
let'
my
:!nt
m
r 1
or
ia
1a
A
id.
H
rt,
i..
i .
fin
vrf
rbor..
: Pug<
•bor..,
na
;et So»
iApr. 1
|Apr. 1
Apr. 1
JApr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
10
It
11
v
13
13
Samoa
z?amca -.
Oeo. XV. El.
12
Pomona —
Apr. 1
11
Aor. 1
Santa Ko»a.
..;Sa:
Arcata
Apr. 1
Columbia ..
North Fork.
!t.
15
lApr. 3
<;oos tiay...
lApr. 1
H
Steamer. Destti
18.
— 1
Columbia ..iPirt!a
Samoa IHumbi
md..
lOldt
.APT.
.lApr.
if,
I,
o
n Pi»r 24
n!Pier »3
Arcata Coos V
Del Norte..'Omror
8.
S.
City Sydney i Fanarr
Coos Bay..'»wr>r
. tApr.
.'Apr.
Pomona ...(Humb<
Aloha [Cr»«cj
n'Pler 9
u'Pler S
m
n Pier >
,Norm r orn|iiu«iu>
Belgian Kr.China
Corona iSan D
I'matilla .. Vie &
nPier J
State of CallPortla
ir.'l. .
•n! Pier 14
Bonlta IXewpc
ort..
.JApr.
It. Arena..! Point .
Newburs ..[Grays
Santa Rosa! San Di
Are:
i Ha;
?iesro
.|Apr.
r'Apr.
• lApr.
n'Pler 3
ii'pier'ii
Queen I Vie &
I Sd.
.lApr.
in.
¦n l Pier 9
I 8. F.
DATE
Second Feet. M'ngCo.
Ditch &
Turloclc
1900. Canal.
March 25....
March 26....
March 27....
March 23....
March 29....
March 30....
March 31....
12.5 «.J Vt
8.8 «.l 13
7.7 «.l 13
7.5 «.l 13
7.1 6.0 W
8.3 6.1 11
6.3 6.4 13
" SAN JO
AQL'IN RIVER AT HERNDON^
I Second Feet
DATE. — 1 '
ISD3. 1300.
March 23
March 28
March 27
March 23
March 29
March 30
March 31.
19.4 4.3
8.7 4.3
7.1 4.3
l.i 4.3
ft.S 4.1
5.4 4.3
4.9 4.4
STANISLAU3 1
Rl\
VER 4
AT
OAKDALE.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1539. I J3OO.
March 25 JS.6 7.4
March 26 }\-\ \-%
March 27 \\-\ \\
March 23 »J-« \\
March 23 »¦» •»
March 30 »•« \-\
March 31. 8 -° 7 *
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLT3 FERRY.
I Second Feet.
DATE. 1 — —
I 1S». I 1900.
1
March 23 ».O |5
March 2* "-5 g»
March 27 ".9 8.2
March 2S • }2.4 8.1
March 29 «•« \-\
March 30 W* 55
March 31. »•» T *
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
DATE. •
1899. 1900.
' -
March 23
March 28
March 27 ¦
March 2S
March 29 i
March SO ..
March 31.
13. S
8.3
7.7
7.1
7.3
' 6.8
6.3
6.5
8.0
6.6
6.6
6.7
».g
8.0
I 8. F.
DATE
Second Feet. M'ngCo.
Ditch &
Turloclc
1900. Canal.
March 25....
March 26....
March 27....
March 23....
March 29....
March 30....
March 31....
12.5 «.J Vt
8.8 «.l 13
7.7 «.l 13
7.5 «.l 13
7.1 6.0 W
8.3 6.1 11
6.3 6.4 13
" SAN JO
AQL'IN RIVER AT HERNDON^
I Second Feet
DATE. — 1 '
ISD3. 1300.
March 23
March 28
March 27
March 23
March 29
March 30
March 31.
19.4 4.3
8.7 4.3
7.1 4.3
l.i 4.3
ft.S 4.1
5.4 4.3
4.9 4.4
STANISLAU3 1
Rl\
VER 4
AT
OAKDALE.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1539. I J3OO.
March 25 JS.6 7.4
March 26 }\-\ \-%
March 27 \\-\ \\
March 23 »J-« \\
March 23 »¦» •»
March 30 »•« \-\
March 31. 8 -° 7 *
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLT3 FERRY.
I Second Feet.
DATE. 1 — —
I 1S». I 1900.
1
March 23 ».O |5
March 2* "-5 g»
March 27 ".9 8.2
March 2S • }2.4 8.1
March 29 «•« \-\
March 30 W* 55
March 31. »•» T *
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
DATE. •
1899. 1900.
' -
March 23
March 28
March 27 ¦
March 2S
March 29 i
March SO ..
March 31.
13. S
8.3
7.7
7.1
7.3
' 6.8
6.3
6.5
8.0
6.6
6.6
6.7
».g
8.0
Steamer.
Fi
Due.
CoquUle Rlv
City of Para
Empire
Corona
rvoooent f.f
.m
B
Dl
fla
a.
>>'
(S>
it
¦bor..
:itV..\
[
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Upr.
Apr.
i
Crescent tit
Ftate of CaJ
Bristol
U.inita
Washtenaw
Queen
Newbunc ...
Point Arena
l.'ipo
..joy
.. Ne
..Ta
..VI,
..Or
artl
rwb
»W|
xcc
let'
my
:!nt
m
r 1
or
ia
1a
A
id.
H
rt,
i..
i .
fin
vrf
rbor..
: Pug<
•bor..,
na
;et So»
iApr. 1
|Apr. 1
Apr. 1
JApr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
10
It
11
v
13
13
Samoa
z?amca -.
Oeo. XV. El.
12
Pomona —
Apr. 1
11
Aor. 1
Santa Ko»a.
..;Sa:
Arcata
Apr. 1
Columbia ..
North Fork.
!t.
15
lApr. 3
<;oos tiay...
lApr. 1
H
Steamer. Destti
18.
— 1
Columbia ..iPirt!a
Samoa IHumbi
md..
lOldt
.APT.
.lApr.
if,
I,
o
n Pi»r 24
n!Pier »3
Arcata Coos V
Del Norte..'Omror
8.
S.
City Sydney i Fanarr
Coos Bay..'»wr>r
. tApr.
.'Apr.
Pomona ...(Humb<
Aloha [Cr»«cj
n'Pler 9
u'Pler S
m
n Pier >
,Norm r orn|iiu«iu>
Belgian Kr.China
Corona iSan D
I'matilla .. Vie &
nPier J
State of CallPortla
ir.'l. .
•n! Pier 14
Bonlta IXewpc
ort..
.JApr.
It. Arena..! Point .
Newburs ..[Grays
Santa Rosa! San Di
Are:
i Ha;
?iesro
.|Apr.
r'Apr.
• lApr.
n'Pler 3
ii'pier'ii
Queen I Vie &
I Sd.
.lApr.
in.
¦n l Pier 9
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
April • 66V4
May 6«% 66% 66% 66%
July 68% 68% 67% 67%
September 68% 68% 65% 63%
Corn No. »— „„,,
April 39%
May 40 40% * 39% . 40
July <0% 41V6 40/* 40%
September 41% 41% 40T» 41>*
M^.t!?:™. 24% 23 24% 24%
July 24% 24% 24% 24*5
September 23& 23^4 23>i 23H
Mess Pork, per bbl.
May ..:. 12 67% 12 82% 12 67% 12 70
July 12 65 12 82% 12 65 12 70
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May .!.:. 6 62% 6 67% 6 62% 6 65
July 6SO 6 87% 6 77% 6 82%
September 680 6 87% 680 65a
Short nibs, 100 lbs.
May 700 710 700 7 024
July 680 6 87% 6 77% 6 82%
September 6 82% 685 6SO 6SO
Sun rises...
3un sets —
Moon seta..
'¦2:1*0 "a."
.5:41
.6:l*
. ra
C Time
1
Ft. -
Time
II W
1
Ft. -
1
Ft.
Tlmej
H W
Ft.
8 ...I 0:50
» ... 1:53
ID ... 2:41
j 3.1
:.7
1 1.8
8:25:
7:57
3:«n
3:32'
4.5
4.4
n
I A ai
1:12
1:54
2:36
3:14
o.s
1.1
: i.s
1.5
»:11
8:43
9:21
i.i
Si
5.;
1.3
3
3
9
12 ... 3:SS|
13 ... 4:30
A ... 4:53,
i lA \
1.0!
I o.«!
4.*
4.7!
! 4.7|
3:451
4:l«l
4:4S|
! I.*
' ro!
! 2.21
19:19
1 10:451
I 11:101
5.i
5.*THE MAIN FOIItT...
WHOLESALE PRICES.
TAILORED SUITS AT... 57500. $60 00, $50 00, $45 00
TAILORED SUITS AT... 54000, $35.00, $30.00, $27 50
TAILORED SUITS AT... 525.00, $2250, $20.00, $17.50
TAILORED SUITS AT... 515.00, $12.50, $10.00 $7.50
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
DRESS SKIRTS.
Newest styles in Crepon, Cheviot and App'ique Skirts,
52.50 TO 525.00.
Newest Spring Styles of Capes and Silk Waists.
JACKETS. JACKETS.
LATEST STYLE JACKETS $2SOO $20 00 $1750
LATEST STYLE JACKETS $1500, $1250,' $10.00
LATEST STYLE JACKETS. . $8 50, $7.50, $6 50 $5.00
All Our Jackets Silk-Lined Throughout.
EXHIBITION OF EASTER GARMENTS-NOVELTIES.
We are showing this week most elegant
costumes. The styles are beautiful and
perfections of artists. Fit and finish
unsurpassed.
After discovering that he has been
winding an eight-day clock every night
for ten years a man is Justified in taking
a day off for the purpose of painting
things crimson.
FRANK MOODY GETS
TWENTY-EIGHT YEARS
Long Term in Prison for the Ex-
Tennessee Soldier — Burglar Mar
vin Sentenced, j
Frank Moody, a Texas soldier, who on
the evening of January 5 made an assault
upon Julius Splndler with intent to com
mit robbery' and an hour later emptied his>
revolver at Martin Van Hooran in an
Eighth-street saloon, and who was con
victed for both crimes, was sentenced to
twenty-eight years in San Quentin Prison
by Judge Lawlor yesterday. Moody es
caped conviction on a charge of murder
committed in Montana by a narrow mar
gin recently.
W. B. Marvin, recently convicted on a
charge of burglary in the second degree,
ar.d who pleaded guilty on two similar
charges, was sentenced to San Quentin
for twelve years.
HIGH SCHOOL DEBATERS
MEET IN CONVENTION
Seventy-nlna delegates. representing
twelve societies, were present when retir
ling President T. Earle called the con
vention of the Northern California De
bating League to order yesterday morn
ing in the Mission High School. The elec
tion of officers resulted as follows: Presi
dent, G. M. Dill; first vice president, M.
Keane; second vice president. I. Magin
niss; secretary, A. S. Wiester; treasurer.
Miss D. Spencer; auditors. G. W. Gallo
way and Miss C. Frickstad.
A trophy offered by Stanford University
will shortly be contested for in debate by
the pupils of Mission High School and
San Rafael High School. The Oakland
Aegis was selected as 4 the official organ
of the league and the convention ad
journed to meet in Stockton October 7,
1900.
An interesting debate conducted under
the auspices of the league was held last
night in the auditorium of the Girls' High
School, corner of Geary and Scott streets.
The subject under discussion was "Re
solved. That United States Senators
Fhould be elected by direct vote of the
People."
The speakers on the affirmative side
were the following pupils of the Mission
High School: Richard O'Connor, class of
1&00; Beatrice T. O'Neill, '00. and A. S.
Wiester, '00. Those on the negative were
members of the Humboldt Evening High
School, as follows: Buell C. Nelson, '02;
Charles David. '02. and Albert Brown. '02.
The presiding officer was G. Marshall
Dill, president of the Northern California
Debating League. The Judges of the de
bate were Martin C. Flaherty, George A.
Newhall and Judge Edward A. Belcher.
OVERTURE RAN
LIKE A VETERAN
STAKE-WINNER
The Imported Dog Made a
Very Satisfactory Show
ing at iDgleside.
Card for To-T>ay Is Made T7p of Even
ly Jilatched Dogs and "Winners
Will Be Hard to
Pick.
»
Overture, Harrlgan & Wiegand's Im
ported dog, the running qualities of which
have been a matter of discussion among
coursing men for the last few days, ran
Its first public course yesterday in the
open Etake at Ingleside Coursing Park
ar.d made a good impression. Drawn with
Manila. Overture held its own In the brisk
betting, Belling at even money. From the
flip the new dog led Manila and showed
Jive lengths of epeed throughout and won
in good Etyle, though the hare favored
Manila.
The general opinion after the course
•was that Overture would show well down
on the card to-day with a good chance
for the etake. Young America had a se
vere course with Green Valley Maid, run
ning the longest course of the day after
an undecided. The hard work may iln
terfcre with Young America's running in
the finals. Golden Rule ran well, and
afralnst Esmeralda should furnish a good
course to-day. Lottie M showed in better
form than she has for a long time, and a
olose race is looked for in her run with
Maid of the Mill.
The card for to-day presents some very
evenly matched dogs and good coursing
is predicted.
Following are the day's results with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Open stake-^J. H. Perigo's Controller beat
Curtis & sSon's Commodore, 13-4: H. A. Deckel
r.ian's itocker beat J. Byrnes' Elevenspot, 6-0;
W. J. Kelly's NUAt Time beat J. R. Smith's
Majrlr, K-l; R. E. d» B. Lop*>z & Sons' St. An
ibony beat J. P. Thrift's Forget, 6-0; A. T.
Leonard's Master Lawrence beat J. I. O'Brien's
Fa*ha Queen, 4-0; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat
J. 11. W. Muller's ilocorita, 6-0; D. J. Healy's
Slacpie N b+r.t H. A. I>eckelman's Flyaway,
4-1: *t«rl & Knowle*' OMta beat Bartel Broth
ers' Mac's Melody. 4-0; James O'Ehea's Golden
Hu!e bpat William Ceirnes' Imperial, 6-0; J.
M. Stlllweii's EsmeraJda beat D. Toland's
Pletusact Girl. 3-2; U. Lynch's Lotti* M beat
Bartel Brothers' Baron Blood. &-0; T. J. Mc-
Hurh's Maid of the MM beat Connell Brothers'
Ct. Helen, S-T: J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom
beat M. H. Scheper's Evlle, 4-0: James O1O 1 Shea's
Town* America beat P.. L\ de B. Lope* & Sons"
<Jreen VaJley Meld. 12-7; D. J. Healer's Lady
OLair* beat J. R. Smith's Victor. 6-0; E. M.
Xenon's LaxJy Gllmore beat P. Reilly's Lady
Oranlte. 8-0; E. M. Kellorr's Hummer beat
Tlussell. Allen & Wilson's Miss Cable, 2-0; Har
r!ca.n & Wlefaafl's Overture beat P. Horgaa's
Manila, 5-!; D. J. Healey's Grenada beat P.
Tidily 1 s Expense. 5-0; Connell Brothers' Mamie
TUeasast beat F. MeComb's Motto. 10-3: Curtis
it Sotus' Caah b**t PaiEselL Allen & Wilson's
Miss Penman. 4-0: T. Tlerney*B Tea Rose beat
D. E. Wiley's High Born Lady. 6-0: George
Whitney's Theron beat D. Shannon's Safe
guard, IS-8; H. 11. Gray's Rona beat F. Mc-
Comb's Bcna Fide, 4-3; James Dean's Brllllan
tine beat Joe Thrift's St. Michael. 6-0: H. H.
Gray's Terronette beat J. StillweU's Fern, 3-0;
H. Lynch's Lexington beat C. P. Charles
worth's Crawford Hraes. 2-0; Curtis A Sons'
McKlaley beat J. R. Smith's Petronius. 6-2:
E. M. Kellopgr's lowa Boy beat Bartel Broth
ers' Beer Brewer, 4-0; H. A. Deckclman's
Lawrence beat J. Moon*y*s Silent Treasure.
S-2; P. Herman's Lucretla Bonrla beat J.
Byrnes' Olympus, 4-3: P. Brophy's Benicla
Boy beat Kay Brothers' Dudley Diamond, 7-4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 8, 1900.
r-~~"HE announcement recently maae in
The Call that George G. Radcliff of
Watsonville had announced himself
as a candidate for the office of
rand trustee of the Grand Parlor of the
.'ative Eons of the Golden West has at
racted a creat deal of favorable atten-
lion to the candidate. Tnere are seven
grand trustees to be elected, and Watson
viiie Parlor, of which he has been
a member for more than fourteen
years, of which he has been the
president ar.d by which he has a
ruinUr of times been honored for his
f.fie:ity to the order, having been com-
NATIVE SONS WANT
HIM FOR TRUSTEE
missioned district deputy grand president,
desires that he should be one of the seven.
Mr. Radcliff is well known in the legisla
tive halls of the order, for he has repre
sented his parlor in the Grand Parlor at
Fresno. San Rafael. Chlco, Santa Rosa,
Eureka and Nevada. By reason of his in
timate knowledge of the work of the or
ganization and its needs, which he ac
quired as a close observer in his various
capacities as member and officer of his
parlor, as district deputy and as delegate
to the highest body, there are but few
who are better qualified to fill the position
he seeks. Not only is he eminently quali
fied but he is energeUc. zealous and one
of those Native Sons who wishes to see
the order advance and prosper. As a
State legislator he made a good record, as
an officer of the order in which he takes
so much pride he has made a record of
which any one could feel proud, and if he
becomes the choice of his fellow delegates
at Oroville he will as a grand officer work
to the end that the record he has already
made shall be made still brighter.
Watsonville Parlor In an appeal to the
other parlors of the State In favor of Mr.
RadclifT says: "Watsonville Parlor has
never during its existence of fifteen years
received recognition on the board of grand
officers, which demonstrates that it has
not asked for more than its share of honor
when it asks your support of Brother
Itadcliff's candidacy. Our parlor's claim
Jor a grand officer is certainly deserving
at the hands of the delegates to the Grand
Parlor of a most liberal support. As one
among the oldest parlors in the State,
with a good, active membership of loyal
Native Sons, and a financial record of
which we are proud, we feel at this mo
ment free to petition the delegates to the
Grand Parlor to help us as we have helped
others in placing our candidate among
the honored board of grand trustees."
Hales. , I Hales. _ !.__'_ Hale>8 -_ I Hales. " I ?££££.
d 0 y° u uil y realize that there are but six days to Easter ? Easter, which to the /^K/felHl^A
vf^i&S feminine heart is Fashion's triumphal exhibit of all that is best in millinery and cos- (fi^^^^V^
f^^^^^W^^//'^^ > # turne * 1 Easter, which gives the Californian girl a glorious climate. to display her '^^^^^^^^^^7
charms, and yet again no State in the Union can show fairer daughters. In these six days,
\3^^^"'^> %/|Lv^^^^^ -hen, this store displays the latest millinery, costumes, gloves, veilings, hosiery, handker-
njW%>2^i % V^S%^\ chiefs, perfumery ; in these Easter days we show what a many-sided store Hale's is; ffl^^^P»^^^^gkEA
nf M^jf^/ If/ l^jv» fi^ handy for men, entertaining for women, comprehensive for children — a family store !
r Moff*A\o^ { millinery: French and American for Easter '""
X /mM(« [ m/I sixty-seven hats now on display, each one of them different, and each one copied from imported French hats by seven |g|& 5 I
1 '''^^XAV^M I M ot ie eacJ ' n " Parisian milliners (you can buy the originals if you wish to pay the imported article price); we show "'^se^^^a 1 *^^s\*^^«j B* l
J J^^^^o^V \M llats in Tuscan straw » white and black horsehair and Tuscan braid; straws in profusion; flowers as natural as Gali- \M-*lj{ Jw^f/| > |
1 '^iv-'^SV^ fornia beauties; chiffon, Maline's ; here are hats with Parisian daintiness and American economy.. $5.00 to 645.00 e&!« &^?^**£L nl
jfi "I 1 ¦¦-^^^f^i we will makff up to your special order an Easter hat within twenty-four hours ;we will deliver on time ;no disappointment this Is worth I
imported tailor=made important and unusual offerinp;
\\ls^lf)m costumes Jor^Easter of ladies' handkerchiefs U
I I ¦^&* ¦¦s^'ffi^S&l handsomely appliqued all over skirt ; double box to be on the spot in New York city gives to the £^^^^^^w]L^ fSJf^i h\
I I \\ ' **^^SS^^^l plait-appliqued, silk lined throughout; a French buyers of big houses, a great advantage over f^^Safff^MwM *x 2/ M gK|
»il I \^^^^^Mt'^^^ creation $97.50' smaller houses ; our resident buyer snapped up a M^^^^^^^^^MWij JT S |
/ II I /^^^^^^^o^\ imported tailor-mad'egray broadcloth suit, bolero lot of sample handkerchiefs from an importing E 3 I fe 1
I 1I 1 I (& jacket, handsomely appliqued, silk lined through- house— 2400 of them, two of each as samples, / %*g&%jlfe*?y Wy&HRi $1 BI hi
11 XW'^ib: -•4'WffK^ out; one of the swellest costumes from ateliers giving us 1200 different patterns; perfect in con- [Sfe^^^ H Lfkl
\\ l^'^S^iir ~" ot Madam? Durand $75 00 dition, exquisite in pattern ; linen and Swiss em-^y^^mg If M&& ill
uIW E^raßfiMy imported tailor-made costume of broadcloth, broidered, scalloped and hemstitched borders, ' " fa&M M JITM ml
MWA 1\ tUliPl double-breasted Eton jacket, trimming in purple with lace insertion and lace edges ; worth in the I§sl " WM) Ml Mf&M S/
\ll\\ »k mUK l^^^ velvet and white satin piping ; lined throughout ordinary way 35c, 40c and 50: each, but q—t Mfc^ X J^SWMi&f^l Xl
iV^lWw^ with best q ualit >' taffeta; equal to exclusive cos- the difference is our Easter gift... each /t'^^-^^^^r # FfU
# -^\\\^%^wl.^^ tailor=made suits for Easter waists for Easter
*'^ittr»\ vI«V «k vzBsM^' double-breasted Eton suits in light and dark gray in our ladies' suit department we display an elab- V^£JsHßl^Bii!§§r/«^
% Illk fiONli^Tik w si! homespun, j.ickets satin lined; skirts percaline orate showing of fancy silk waists — tucked,
* w^v^^M \ro lined; velveteen binding ; sizes 4to 18 years... corded, plaited, appliqued ; exclusive styles ; all i^^-^f^^f^) tf^Jz2£z&
• -;v^j^\^fe^sjßaY \ Hpjtc hnrlclpci rihhon^ of hpr^vvpet Pn^ter thino*^!
"'"'^^^ihpJ'fc vv^ite kid pulley belts with open work fipr^lcwfifl t* ere we °^ sr nove ' t ' es direct f*ffahrir|c n ' s department offers novelties for V[Z^r\
'•°'k^s pulley buckles, made to fit snug and to I'CtIVWCaI from Paris, better goods than * *"-'*-' 1 -' 11^ Easter ribbon use for the neck, the ffjs/
{*<&2*?% reduce the size of the waist, improving your car- we ever offered before. mousseline de soie cas- sash; the fan, the bouquet, the belt or decorative &|«&
'fiZrZ*\ riage 75c cade and pointed stock; made very full and trimmed purposes. JfesTF
k£|j^i spangled and beaded belts in evening shades, ii with inch wide frilling 98c a full line of the new hair-line stripe colors on white [lInQ
inches wide, fancy buckles 75c The "Sappho" stock and cascade of fine Oriental ground, no. 80, yard 50c [|P/5~/
?[Oga elegant line of buckles, each 75c to 52.00 lace or chiffon and trimmed with narrow ribbon $2.00 double-faced satin ribbon, corded edge, in white, IPtß.'
/ZSQ h5l tiHl^'fc an ass° rtmen t worthy of Easter white chiffon stock and fancy bow" appliqued in cream, pink, blue, cardinal, navy, mais, etc.; udatSi
Ildllvllv 1 S an( j Hales. Colored borders black chantilly lace : $3.50 unusual offering, no. 40 (while It lasts) .. .yard 28c sC~a*
?\j<i and centers with embroidered hemstitched and lace Battenberg, Arabian, Renaissance, and Point de the new French taffeta Regence ribbons for the j p*X j
borders; the latest Parisian fad.. each 35c to $1.25 Venise lace collars and reveres each. sl.so to $4.00 neck or sash; latest shades in no. 60 yard 40c 1^0;
%(m\ these items each week women watch for! l|^%
vV/T domestic new satin foulards, 2S inches dreSS QfOods new b ack silk and wool crepons: sale of in our domestic goods department at | :
1 H i- i wide — a new mercerized fabric rr i f » n^ ir t rn ~ n f choicest weaves of French make n p rr a!pc a - m - Monday rye shall offer 40 piece s I^^^.
%^ t uepartment - m navy, purple and new blue, tlcpdrimcni j n modified designs imported for pcrCcliei* o f nevv percales, 31 inches wide, red \s<y
n'J^§\ elegant designs ......50c Easter costumes and earl v spring wear, yd $3.50, $4 ground with white stripes; regular 10c quality; SpggSrn*
VS^|k cotton foulard, 30 inches wide 15c new black English rmhair crepons, 42 inches wi;le, only 40 pieces, anJ we cannot duplicate this pat- \BiF^
•)n^ new corded effects in wash fabrics, 28 inches twenty designs, two qualities, yard 51. 50 and 51. 75 tern; Monday's price (for this will all be sold Mon- W&0?:$
2^y& wide 165 C fancy lace stripe silks in all the new pastel color- day) / .per yard 7|c &*&-$.
"?*^S£ new covert cloth, reversible, 27 inches wide, plain ings; full 20 inches wide, good heavy quality, se- delicate our stationery department offers nfflJß
.*4^^ pin stripe one side, plain on other side ; good goods lected for exclusive sale, per yard $1.15 cfntinn^fv the celebrated Whiting writing KrdK
or outing suits 15c foulards in Frenchy originality; fancy designs; 24 Sl»ULmery papers in French organdie, quaker l^^^
900 yards pillow case muslin, 50 inches wide, inches wide, in all the spring colorings for Easter gray, as much or as little as you wish, 18c quire \£jstJ
"sjs bleached, best grade muslin 14c costumes per yard SI. OO and 51.25 and 20c per package for envelopes. ifP§«k
1200 pillow cases, 45x36, gooJ heavy quality, two new gauzy striped black silk grenadines in stripes, the delicate West. Point blue 10c quire paper, 10c 110^
/£r^n inch hem.! 12Jc checks and plaids; chenille dotted surface; 42 package envelopes. * W^J^r
*/%irt do zen sheets, bleached, for double beds inches wide yard $1.50 to $3.50 Easter cards and booklets In a variety enough to please yon. Wj&g
90x90, good quality muslin, two inch * 1 7&ew7 ' jjmiJ' WOrth that big new store we are building 1 better Ks^^j
SUPERVISORS VISIT
CALAVERAS VALLEY
Accompanied by Members of Board
of Public Works They Inspect
Spring Valley Properties.
The committee on public utilities of the
Board of Supervisors, consisting of Su
pervisors Reed, llotallng and Maguire;
two members of the Board of Public
"Words, Colonel Mendell and Marsden
Manson: Hermann Schussler, Director
Sims and Blythe Henderson of tho Spring
Valley Water Company, Supervisors Con
nor, Dwyer, Sanderson, Helms, .Duboce,
Curtis, Booth and Boxton, City Engineer
Grunsky, President Dohrmann of the Mer
chants' Association and representatives of
the city papers, yesterday visited and in
spected the properties of the Spring Val
ley on the east side of the bay.
The. party went to San Jone Friday
night and yesterday drove from San Jose
to Niles. Mr. Schussler showed first the
Calaveras Valley property of the" com
pany, which would, he said, when blocked
with a dam 1000 feet long, 230 feet high
and having its top 825 feet above the level
of the bay, the dam to cost $3,000,000 and
the piping, etc., to bring the cost up to
about $6,000,000, be able to supply 30,000.000
gallons of water daily to -San Francisco.
Subsequently the place where Mr. Schuss
ler discovered the underground course of
*the Calaveras Creek and developed a very
large flow of water from the gravel was
visited. Then the party saw the dam and
works at Sunol and the dam across Niles
Canyon.
The property across the bay Is only
partly developed. Nothing has been done
In the Calaveras Valley except to pick a
site for the future dam. At Niles Canyon
8,000,000 gallons of water are caught dally
to supply San Francisco south of Market
street, east of Montgomery, and on Tele
graph Hill. At San Jose the visitors were
entertained at the Sainte Claire Club.
' ¦ m ' m — — >
CAPITALISTS' WILLS
FILED FOR PROBATE
Henry Oppenheimer and ' William
Lambert Devise Their Entire
Estates to Their Widows.
The- will of Henry Oppenheimer, who
died April 1, was filed for.probate,yester
day. Decedent's estate consists of cash,
stocks' and bonds, household effects, real
estate at 1118 Sutter street and the busi
ness conducted under : the firm name of
Oppenheimer & Bro. at 319 Sacra-
mento street. The exact value Is
unknown, but is large. The testator, after*
directing that his business be continued,
devises his entire estate to his widow,
Mary Oppenheimer. Mrs. Oppenheimer
and Louis Goodman are named as execu
tors.
The will of "William Lambert, who died
on March 31, leaving an estato of large
value, was also tiled for probate. De
cedent devises his widow, Sarah Lambert,
a life estate in all of his possessions and
provides that on her death his three chil
dren—Sarah 11.. George L. and Thomas A.
Lambert—are to come into possession of
the estate, share and share alike, except
ing a ranch in Mendoclno County, in which
Lottie Laura Lambert, a granddaughter,
is to share.
•m • '
Civilized men worry a. great deal, but
there is no such word In the vocabulary
of the savage. 'i; i : ¦ ¦ .
The great master of ; human destinies,
knocks but once at every gate. Our In-
vestors, those who are now drawing large
profits on their Investments, grasped the
opportunity when we presented It, and
they are now reaping the reward. •
Is the desire of all. but how to do It Is
another question. ; Safe Investments that
give large returns will make you rich. Our
investors are making money and will tes-
tify that our plan is the safest and best In
the world.
. . Accounts of ' . ,
and upwards received.
Send to-day for full particulars.
SfllAiieriilciiriCfl.
214 PINE STREET, ; S. . F.
Correspondents throughout South Amer-
ica. '
FUNERAL RITES OVER
OSWALD ROTHMALER
Bemains of the Superintendent of the
Western Sugar Refinery-
Cremated.
The funeral of Oswald Rothmaler, su
perintendent of tho Western Sugar Re
finery, took place from the residence of
deceased at 1715 Broadway yester
day afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. Rev. E.
Nelander of the First Englißh Lutheran
Church conducted the ceremonies, which
were simple and impressive. A large num
ber of friends gathered to hear the words
of tribute which were paid to the late
superintendent on his strength of charac
ter, strong friendship and exemplary life.
The floral tributes were numerous and
magnificent. The casket rested on a bier
completely covered with flowers, the gifts
of men who had known Rothmaler dur
ing his lifetime.
After the ceremonies were concluded
the body, accompanied by a limited num
ber of friends, was taken to Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, where it was cremated.
Those who acted as pallbearers were:
Claus Spreckels. A. B. Spreckels. Robert
Oxnard. John W. Twigg, Horatio G. Hell
mann, E. A. Denlcke, F. W. Zelle and C.
R; Winslow. :¦ ?~ V --'v,
ORGANIZED LABOR WANTS
A BUILDING OF ITS OWN
Delegates From .Various Unions Meet
in Convention and Commence
Work on the Project.
The second meeting of delegates to the
Labor Temple Convention, having for Its
object the erection of a building in which
the various labor organizations could have
a central headquarters, was held last
night at 915Vfc Market street. Some sixty
delegates, representing nearly as many
unions, were in attendance.
The estimated cost of the proposed
building, including cost of land, is about
$123,000. ¦¦ Nearly $10,000 was subscribed last
night, tho principal tenders being: Pavers
$50, carpenters $3150, Labor Bureau $350,
millmen $125, electrical workers $2725, ce
ment workers $840, wood workers $125.
The project has made a decided stir
among the various labor organizations,
and It Is expected. there will be little dif
ficulty in raising a large sum of money.
The unions now meeting in various parts
of the city would all be gathered under
one roof. The work of the convention last
night was altogether in the line of organ
ization. The next meeting; will be held
May 5. A committee on publicity was ap
pointed, consisting of Francis Drake, A.
H. Coburn. C. H. Stocks, E. L. Clapp and
K. J: Malsbary.
¦ ? ¦
Celebration of Buddha's Birth.
The two thousand five hundred and
twenty-third anniversary of the nativity
of the Buddha Shakyamuni will be cele
brated at the Buddhist Mission. 807 Polk
street, to-day and to-morrow. The ser
vices will be conducted by Rev. S. Sonoda,
Ph. D., assisted by the Rev. K. Nlshyima.
Dr. J. R. Guelph Norman will preach
this afternoon and evening. On Monday
e^* nIn S » Japanese bazaar, tea and social
I will be held.
M. M. Seymour Missing.
R. C. Clapp of 803 Bush atreet called at
the Morgue yesterday and reported that
M. M. Seymour disappeared from the
Brooklyn Hotel on March 13. Tho missing
man Is described as 46 years old. five feet
eleven Inches tail. 170-pounds weight
gray eyes, dark brown hair, sandy mus
tache, dark gray xvoolen shirt, black lace
shoes and black slouch hat.
¦? « »
A nation can better win success by noble
deeds than by cruel destruction of human
life for selfish ends.
FRIEDMAN'S ANNOUNCEMENTS.
; ""*""" "*"*"* *""""" """?. ' Whole floor of the odd, beautiful, !
\" THE CREDIT HOUSE" \ I and artistic in rockers. Soft leath- s
1 a «» ; • of them will meet your wants in
j \o»m ~~ • ' roc^ er nce ds. From $5 up to $50 \
; l^llsB&gjSSS i * Drapery Department — All the
« \&£?0g££2& i ¦ :. j color and luxury of the Orient for -
• \\ " I"! 1 1 1 1 I • brightness and comfort in American ;
! \\ ' \ 1 I ! • can homes. j
} \\ \\ I O^ t ' 5 Irish Po!nt M ce Curtains In
; \\ 11 I #\ i<r * I newes^' an 4 daintiest effects, from
{ l| }}}*: ' — I I CARPET DEPARTMENT
• « S 1 • 0U '" soon e ouse cleaning.
¦ I MAUjgBg 1 .- liJ^ 1 i ! Come and select a new carpet to
« ( r\ l^^^<»v^*? fc>^7^a^ • I put in place of the old one. i
2 ' II kL "*JR\ J^sZ 1 !l * 1 L'noleum Remnants — 2 to 15 •
5 — i fr^g»^*B»^NS : : yard pieces— 40 to 75 cent grades, I
\ : I 20 cents yard * Brin S your meas- I
j j 1 Free DeIIver y- Oakland. AlameJi, Berkeley ;
!--^^^^^^g^ j j M FRIEDMAN d CO., I
j - - s I 233 to 237 Post St i
I Oak, Cane-seat Rocker. Strong- | ; Opea crtningt N w Stockton :
! ly made, comfortably shaped { 't,''T ";"'*'-"•''" "".*'"" ' ¦¦—¦»-«—»——>
« for the sewing room, nursery, | ' ======= =g=
j bedroom, workroom -a rocker, j i^9vDElVEY,STR0NG &CO.^g?^
• for the busy mother s comfort ; Jftr ' ¦ ' '¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦^» tg^\
! and every-day home use \ \° ."PATENTS
s S5 cents ! *%&* 330 market sr.si<g$r
32
GEORGE Tl. RADCLIFF.
Of Watsonvllle.