PINCH OF HUNGER
FELT AT MAFEKING
LONDON, April 17.-The Daily Mail has
the following from Lady Sarah Wilson,
dated Mafeklng, April 5:
"The pinch of hunger is beginning to be
felt and relief seems more distant than
ever. Since March 31 there ; has been no
shelling until to-day. Commandant Sny
man having taken . his burghers to bar
Colonel Plumer's road. To-day, however,
he returned and | the bombardment was
renewed with splendid." high-velocity
guns firing 14-pound shells such as had
not been used since. the first days of the
siege. The military authorities, say the
British artillery has nothing to compare
with these guns." * '
RELYING UPON INTERVENTION.
LONDON, April 17.— The Lourenzo Mar
ques correspondent of the Dally Mali;
telegraphing Sunday, April 15, says: "The
tone of the Standard and. the Diggers'
News shows that the = Transvaal Govern
ment is relying strongly upon an Inter
vention. Great, results are expected from
the campaign of Webster Davis and from
the Presidential contest.* ,
"While the semi-blockade of, Delagoa
Bay has not, done : the slightest harm to
the Transvaal, It has enriched: foreign
firms at the expense of ruined Britishers."
BOERS BLOW UP MINES.
, LONDON. April 16.— A; special dispatch
from Ladysmith dated April 16, 9:45 a, m.,
says?. ''Native scouts have just reported
the Boers In » Elands Laagte district .re- ;
tlced- beyond " Blggarsberg. 'Other infor
mation tends to ; confirm ;,the ; report that
the^Boers succeeded In' blowing up ythree
Important 1 collieries near Wessels Nek."
completely. -destroying? the .-engine' houses
and plants." .-¦ _•: ¦ '•¦—-•"/ ¦ - ¦..•.;•':•' ' f *^ii'
GUESTS OF THE GOVERNMENT.
PRETORIA. April ; 15.— President Kruger
is In '.excellent health:. Ge'n'eral^Bo thaws'
here- consulting -with the; Government.
The members of the Irish-American Am-
BLOEMFOXTEIN. April 16. — The rainstorm continues, and must delay the movements of
Lord Roberts' army for two days.
The Boers have abandoned their attack on Wepener and trekked from the vicinity,
being" evidently afraid of our pending movements.
At Rouxville also the enemy, or a majority of them, have undoubtedly retired north, except
a body of 6000. which is still reported to be going toward Bethulie.
LONDON, April 17.— The Bloemfontein correspondent of the telegraphing
Monday, says: "The ' Boer s.are In full retrelii^from AVepener; hugging the Basutoland border. The
Basutos are marching parallel with them along the frontier, watching eagerly for the slightest en
croachment." .
ers. taken In connection with the steady
increase of the Japanese population of the
Hawaiian Islands; have attracted the at
tention of the executive branch of the
Government, it b said that even suppos
ing the presence of the Japanese within
our territorial limits should be regarded
as undesirable the subject of restriction
is entirely beyond executive reach at
present, being one for the consideration
of Congress.
The figures of the immigration bureau*
of the Pacific Coast are. however, being
closely watched, for upon their showing
may depend Important recommendations
upon this subject.
EXPOSE OF TRAFFIC
IN RETURN CERTIFICATES
SAN JOSE. April 15.— The examination
of Chinese to ascertain if they are legai
| ly in this country or not, which has been
going on In this city the past few day-*
under the direction of Speci?.! Treasury
• Agent Putman, la developing evidences of
[ crookedness In certificates.
In all about twenty-five Chinese have
been arrested for deportation. Six were
up before Court Commissioner James to
day. Go Pong. Ah Sing and Ah Fung were
ordered deported. Of the others two pro
duced worthless certificates. Lee How
showed a certificate purporting on its face
to have been Issued at San Francisco on
May 3, BH by W. Stairley. a deputy Col
lector. It Is written on a form of blar.ic
that Inspector Putman declares was not
issued until ISOS. Further examination has
been continued. A certificate produced by
Sam Louie was issued In Portland, on May
7, ISD4, after registration had closed. It
was issued for some other Chinese and
the description erased with acid, which
can still be easily made out. These two
will have a further examination on the
rfiatter.
Some Chinese firm In San Francisco is
making a practice of loaning money oa
certificates. Most of these arrested by
Agent Putman have not had their certifi
cates with them and had to dispatch men
to San Francisco to get them. It has de
veloped that the certificates have .been
pawned for loans. These certificates ar^
undoubtedly gilt edge security, as sbotxlt]
the borrower repudiate the loan, he 13
pointed out to officers and deported.
WOMEN BRUTALLY
BEATEN BY BURGLARS
Injuries Result in the Death of Cne
and Her Sister Is Ren
dered Insane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOLEDO, Ohio,. April 16.— One of the
most atrocious crimes in the history' of
Lucas County was committed late Satur
day night on the Suljivan farm, about five
miles from Toledo. As a result of the
crime r Johanna Sullivan, aged fifty-five
years, died this morning, and her sister,
Kate Sullivan, aged about sixty years, la,
Insane from the terrible treatment she re
ceived. Their injuries were 1 received at
the hands of two disguised men, who en
tered the Sullivan homestead at about 7:30
last evening. /
The "two women lived alone in the
farmhouse. After the women had been
beaten into insensibility they were gagged
and bound with ropes made from table
cloths torn into strips and the two men
searched ! the house thoroughly and se
cured a bag containing over $200. After
they, had left the house Kate Sullivan
succeeded in releasing herself. She
crawled to the house of a neighbor a
quarter of a mile away and gave the
alarm.
Assistance was hurriedly sent to the
house and the alarm given -to the neigh
borhood. Sheriff Newton and Lieutenant
Odwyer of the central police station
quickly organized' a posse." .' X* ..;
An examination of the two women,
showed they were in a terrible condition.
Johanna Sullivan's skull was fractured
In three places and several of her ribs
were broken by the kicks she had re
ceived. Kate Sullivan's frontal bone was
fractured and several ribs were broken.
The doctors say her mind will be perma
nently unbalanced. Indignation Is strong,
and soon after daylight the country was
scoured In all directions by posses, but as
yet no trace of the men has been discov
ered. There is little doubt but that the
men will be summarily lynched If cap
tured.
NOT CONSTITUTIONAL.
Ohio's Supreme Court Knocks Out
Anti-Lynching Law.
COLUMBUS. April 16.— The Supreme
Court to-day declared that the anti-lynch-
Ing law is unconstitutional. The law pro
vides that, the heirs of any person who Is
lynched may collect $5000 from the Com
missioners In the county in which the af
fair ' occurs. v The decision was rendered
In. the cases of Click Mitchell, hanged by
a mob at Urbana, and J. W. Caldwell.
who was shot and beaten by strikers at
Cleveland.
Terry Now a Rear Admiral.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— The Seriate
to-day confirmed the following nomlna-,
tlons: ¦ Captain Silas W. Terry to be a
rear admiral, and Charles E. Barnes of
Illinois to be Consul at Cologne.
Siam's Minister Received.
WASHINGTON,. April 16.— Phya Pra
siddhi. Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary of Slam, to-day, laid his
credentials before President McKlnley at
the White House.
TWELVE STEEL AND
WIRE MILLS CLOSED
Overproduction Results in Depriving 1
Thousands of Laborers of
Employment.
NEW YORK, April 16.— John Gates,
president of the American Steel and Wire
Company, was seen to-day in reference to
a dispatch from the West which stated
that a number of constituents concerned
in the main company had suspended op
erations. He confirmed the statement and
said that twelve of the mills in the con
stituent companies have been shut down.
They are located at Pittsburg, Cleveland.
Jollet, Waukegan. 111.; De Kalb, Ind.;
Newcastle, Ind.. and Anderson, Ind.
Mr. Gates said the cause of the closing
down of the mills was overproduction.
He was unable to state when the mills
would resume operations, as they first
would have to ascertain the extent of th*
overproduction. When asked as to his
view as to the trade situation and outlook
Mr. Gates said the shut down of the mills
was the best evidence of the current sit
uation.
Mr. Gates made another statement later,
in which he said the twelve mills which
had been closM had a daily capacity of
from 3000 to 4000 tons. He said that slack
business was an additional reason for the
suspension of operations.
The best Information is that the mills
will be closed indefinitely. Jt is said as
many as 4000 men, boys and girls will be
affected by the shutdown.
M'KINLEY INTERCEDES
IN DEWEY'S BEHALF
Becommends That the Admiral Be
Paid for Extra Services
Rendered.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— Complying
with a resolution of Inquiry, the President
sent to the Senate to-day an itemized
statement of the expenditures of the Phil
ippine Commission. The statement In
cludes the following items: Compensation
of $10,000 each to Commissioners Schur
man, Worcester and Denby. $30,000; per
diem allowance to Commissioners after
I their return to the United States. $5255;
I secretary to commission (compensation
$8500, per diem S3G6O). $12,220; transporta
j tion. $13.crT: household expenses In Manila,
$3252; clerical .services, $31,701; miscella
neous, $14,SSS; total, J117.155.
The President also transmits with his in
dorsement a recommendation from Secre
tary Hay that provision be made for pay
ment to the naval and militia members of
the commission (Admiral Dewey and Gen
eral Otis) at the same rate as that paid to
the other members. He says they have
.received nothing for their services In ex
cess of their regular salaries.
MME. MELBA TO WED
PLAYWRIGHT CHAMBERS
Rejoices Over the Fact That She
Has Obtained a Divorce
From Armstrong.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, April 16.— Jlme. Melba said to
night that she would marry Haddon
Chambers, the Australian playwright, be
fore May 1.
"My divorce from Mr. Armstrong de
lights me," nhe said. "It is what I have
longed for. I have never had any desire
to live in those awful Dakota and Texas
places. Now, all In done. As for me, I
will soon marry Haddcn Chambers. I
never thought of marrying Herr Joachim.
Why, he is 80. I have already bou fit a
house In Great Cumberland street, Lon
don, where I expect to be very happy as
Mr. Chambers' wife."
CUSTOM HOUSE BILL
FAVORABLY REPORTED
Eenate Committee on Public Build
ings Supports the San Fran
cisco Appropriation-
Ep^cSal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— Senator Per
kins' bill providing for the erection of a
n^w custom-house at San Francisco was
favorably reported to-day in the Senate
from the Committee on Public Buildings
end Grounds. The bill authorizes the
fraction of the building on the site of the
present Postoffiee at a cost of $1,500,000.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treas
ury to contract with the lowest and best
bidder for the sale of the present bui'd-
Ing and the removal of. the s\me. The
r-'l»< rt of the committee fociares the need
< I a. n»=w custom-house at San Francisco
to t«^ imperative. The present building,
it «ays, was constructed pearly fifty years
iigo. when the foreign commerce of the
port was comparatively small. It now
Hands with rracked wall?, a relic of the
days- whon San Francisco was practically
isolated from the rtsst of the world. The
growth of commerce long ago caused the
business transacted by the customs offi
cers to outgrow the. accommodations and
another building, had to b? erected for
the Appraiser and his subordinates. In
the old building now standing there has
b»-"n collected In customs during the last
twenty-five years JIT6,SSS,3O» V.k That the
commerce of the Pacific will grow at a
rapid rate does not admit of question.
Tn" prestige which the United States has
obtained in Asia through the battle of
Manila Bay and the possession of the
Philippines will result in Immense trade
with this country, as China increases its
consumption of foreign products, as it will
rapidly within a few years. Every steam
chip company Is increasing the number of
Its steamships and new lines are being
projected and will shortly be established.
In this increasing commerce the Govern
ment can give by no means unsubstantial
ai.j by providing a building for the trans
action of attendant public business, suit
able in size and fitting in architecture.
By every possible means the Government
should strive to foster the foreign trad<>
•if Pacific ports and leave no excuse for
Ftich trade to be led off to Canadian lines.
The new building will result in a great
raving of rents now paid by the Govern
ment, which pays ffiOOO to $7000 a month for
<4i;arters for various Federal offices In
h:m Francisco, including army headquar
t. rs of the Department of California, with
about twenty offices in the Phelan build
ing, and costly quarters for otner Gov
ernment offices In various parts of the
city.
NAVAL BOARD ORGANIZES.
Press Notified That All Proceedings
Will Be Secret.
WASHINGTON. April 16.— The new na
val policy boar£ held its first meeting at
Hie N:ivy Department to-day. There were
present Admiral Dewey, the president of
the board; Admiral Crownlnshield. Cap
tains Chadwick, Taylor. Evans. Clark,
Figsb^; Colonel Rted. U. S. M. C; Com
mander Mulligan. Commander Asa Walk
er and Lieutenant Ward, the latter being
secretary of the board. An organization
•was effected, and. after a general discus
sion of the scope of the work to be under
taken and the probable advantages of
Kub-ulviding the labors of the board, an
adjournment was taken.
The board decided at the outset that the
character of the work to be undertaken,
Involving as It does the prepartlon of
ffenernes of defense of the country, ¦ an
well as offensive campaigns, renders it
absolutely necessary that secrecy shall
surround every proceeding. Therefore,
the press has been given' to understand
that the work of the body will not fur
nish material for current news.
The Daily News has the following from Reddersburg, dated Friday: "General Chermside
saw the rearguard of the Boers disappear southeast in full retreat. The enemy appear to be in
strong force four miles east of Redaersburg.. They are falling back before our advance guard."
LONDON, April 17. 4:15 a. m.— Lord
Roberts "has spread his net far and
wide to catch the adventurous com
mandos that have been making
mischief in the southeastern part
of the Free State. The net has not yet
been drawn in. but at the headquarters
of Lord Roberts the Impression exists
that the power of the Boers is decreasing.
The Daily News correspondent has them
fleeing to the southeast; a Standard cor
respondent reports them fleeing north
ward: a Daily Telegraph correspondent
says that some are going north and others
south, while a Morning Post represen
tative says it is not known what the
Boers are doing.
Evidently the feeling at Bloemfontein Is
that the dispositions of Lord Roberts are
such as to enable him to concentrate a
large force rapidly at any point. The
Boers, being aware of this, are presumed
to be thinking now chiefly of retreat.
The investment of W'epener, according
to a special dispatch from Bloemfonteln.
has absolutely been abandoned. Accord-
Ing to a Bethany dispatch the Boers are
unable to retreat northward because the
British strongly hold all roads. Diverse
reports come from Natal, one asserting
that the Boers have; retired beyond the
Blggarsberg range and another saying
that some of them are close to Ladysmith.
London waijs confidently for almost im
mediate announcement of news favorable
to the British. t ,
Distrust exists, however, as to any
rapid, continuous advance toward Pre
toria, chiefly on account of the lack of
horses, many, of .which die In the course
of the long voyages. Letters from the
Cape say that three days' journey by rail
is made in open trucks, that the arrange
ments for feeding and watering are inad
equate and that the unfortunate animals
break down rapidly In consequence of
these hardships. '; ;>
Despite the energy of its buyers abroad
the War Office foresees much difficulty In
supplying the enormous number of horse 3
required:
DAVIS INTERCEDED
FOR YOUNG MR. HAY
. KANSAS CITY. April 16.— A Washine
ton dispatch to the Journal states that
but for the intercession of Webster Davis,
late Assistant Secretary of the Interior,
Adelbert Hay, son of the Secretary of
State, would not have received his exe
quatur as American Consul at Pretoria.
Mr. Davis was 'In Pretoria about the
time Mr. Hay's arrival was expected. The
Transvaal officials had heard of the new
comer's sojourn In London, had heard
that he had placed himself In communica
tion with the Foreign Office there, and
actually had had an interview with L6rd
Salisbury. They had been further In
formed that after his appointment Mr.
Hay had held a three hours' conference
with John Hays Hammond, convicted of
high treason. against the Transvaal Gov
ernment and now an active campaigner
against the Boer cause.
It was at this stage of the case of Con
sul Hay. according to the Journal's Wash
ington correspondent, that State Secre
tary Reitz took the Assistant Secretary
of the Interior into his confidence.
"See here, Davis," said Reitz, "it will
never do for us to receive this young
man and admit him .to the confidential re
lations to which he is entitled as Ameri
can Consul, With the impressions which
he must have received In London In con
sultation with our enemies it would be
suicidal. We would be harboring an emis
sary of Great Britain In our midst." /
This waa the state of affairs when Davis
took up young Hay's case. He advised
bulance Corps are treated as guests of
the Government.
BOERS AGAIN AT DEWDORP.
LONDON, April 17.— A correspondent of
the Daily . Telegraph at Ladysmith in a
dispatch dated April 18. says: "The Boers
are down again at Dewdorp, east of
Ladysmith."
Secretary Reitz to receive him, partly be
cause he wished to avoid any possibility
of offending the American Secretary of
State and partly because he trusted to the
impressions young Hay would receive
from personal contact with the Boers to
convert him into a friend of the repub
lics. On the plea made- by< Davis young
Hay escaped the humiliation of being sent
home as persona non grata.
BOERS BOLDLY PROWL
NEAR BLOEMFONTEIN
LONDON. April 17.— The Bloemfonteln
correspondent of the Morning Post; tele
graphing Monday, says: "Small bodies of
Boers are prowling around and are even
coming within eight or ten miles of
Bloemfqntein. ' Three Johannesburg
'zarps' 'actually entered , the town one
night and escaped without being discov
ered. ' '
"The Boer demonstration yesterday at
Karee Siding was 1 designed to cover the
withdrawal of ah Immense convoy of pro
visions. .There is no doubt that the Boer
Incursion into the southeastern part of
the Free State was largely due" to 'the
need of replenishing victuals in the most
fertile part' of the country.' This explains
why the I enemy marched south with
empty wagons. 5 Various important move
ments are occurring, which naturally It
is not desirable to; specify."
GRANTED PERMISSION
TO INSPECT THE BOOKS
Mrs. Johanna Fleischmann, "Widow
of the Famous Distiller, Gains a
Point in Her Lawsuit.
NEW YORK. April 16.— Justice Law
rence in the Supreme Court to-day grant
ed the application of Mrs. Johanna
Fleischmann, widow of the late Maximil
ian Fleischmann, the elder of the Fleisch
mann Bros., who have made millions out
of yeast and distilleries, to permit her
lawyers to inspect the books of the firm
In the suit brought by her and her chil
dren for an accounting of the business
since IS9O, when her husband died.
The suit Is brought against the sons of
Charles Fleischmann. who died recently,
leaving property worth $7,000,000. One of
them, Julius, was a week ago elected
Mayor of Cincinnati, in which city the
books required are.
Maximilian J. Fleischmann named his
wife as his executrix and his brother
Charles as his executor, and requested
that the' partnership be continued, and
that the relations between his family and
that of his brother should always be ami
cable. Mrs. Fleischmann alleged that
Charles Fleischmann, soon after her hus
band's death, began efforts to obtain pos
session of the whole business and induced
her to sign several papers which turned
out to be releases of her interest in the
good will and profits of the business. The
defendants opposed the motion on five
grounds, all of which Justice Lawrence
says are untenable. One of them was
that Mrs. Fleischmann had lost her right
to sue on account of laches, and that her
suit could not be maintained.
MAJOR KNIGHT'S ACT
WILL BE INVESTIGATED
Approved the Course of a Sentry Who
Refused a Priest Entry to an
Army Post.
WASHINGTON. April 18.— The Secretary
of War has ordered an Investigation made
at New York City of the charge that Ma
jor D. G. Knight, Corps of Engineers,
commanding the engineering school at
Willets Point, New York. Interfered with
Father Tierney of the Roman Catholic
church in the performance of his religious
duties at the army post. It Is alleged that
the priest had been stopped at the en
trance to the post at the point of a bayo
net and that the action of the sentry had
been subsequently upheld by the com
manding officer.
Representative Fitzgerald of Massachu
sets recently introduced a resolution con
cerning the alleged refusal of certain army
officers to permit Catholic priests to admin
ister their offices at army posts, the rea
son being based on the alleged action of
Major Knight In the case of Father Tier
ney. Representative Fitzgerald was in
formed by the Secretary of War that tho
matter would be investigated and if it
were found that the officer had exceeded
his authority he would be removed.
CATHOLICS MUST TAKE
NO PART IN POLITICS
Papal Decision Binding Upon All
Congregations of the
Church.
PARIS. April 18.— The Rome correspond
ent of the Temps In a dispatch that ha 3
almost official significance says:
"The Papal decision prohibiting the As
sumptlonlsts from continuing the edi
torial management of La Croix was ar
rived at after a solemn conclave of
Bishops and Cardinals. Hereafter no re
ligious congregation will be permitted to
take any part In politics. This decision la
binding upon Catholics all over the world.
Including the American Pauiists."
James W. Phillips Sr. Dead.
MIDDLESTOWX. N. V.. April IS.—
James W. Phillips Sr., one of the original
California gold miners and a graduate of
West Point Military Academy, died here
to-day, aged 63 years.
Cleveland Gets La Chance.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. April 18.— La
Chance signed to-day with Cleveland to
play first base.
"Old Creaky," the' Boer Long Tom Which Gives So Much Trouble \
¦ "at Maf eking. . t
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyrighted. 1900, by the New York Herald Company. Republication of this
dispatch is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.]
In pull Retreat (Hong tfye Basutoland
Border Closely Watched by the
Warlike Tribesmen.
LOS ANGELES, April 18— With the
exposure of the organized system of
importing Chinese contract labor
the facts are reached that the con
spiracy to defraud the United
States may involve a Government official
holding an Important foreign billet: that
several Los Angeles citizens are under
suspicion- and that a Chinese highbinder
faction is in absolute control of the se
crets surrounding this nefarious business.
From evidence that has been collected
the exposures that followed the coast in
vestigations compelled the shifting of the
base of operations from San Francisco
to Mazatlan, Where different tactics to
encompass the same results were Insti
tuted.
The ringleaders of this gang of smug
glers of human flesh was one Wong Kirn.
His connection through Government offi
cials is directly traced. Kirn was se^n by
¦witnesses and inspectors of San Fran
cisco in Mazatlan and in Los Angeles.
Through this operator the plan to }n
struct Chinese how the American law
could be evaded by coaching them as to
its requirements was adopted. This was
demonstrated when seven Chinese, who
claimed to be native son.?, and two who
were known to be merchants, were held,
for deportation. They described under
what conditions they had met Kirn near
Canton, how they v.-ere sent in bond to
San Francisco, but later were transferred
to Mazatlan and finally entered the
United States by landing at Ensenada
and at night crossing the line at San Di
ego. These were the forerunners of a
gang of three hundred Chinese that were
later to land if the scheme on Mexican
soil worked.
To-night United States District Attor
ney F. P. Flint said:
"But the first batch coming to grief so
early the plan was nipped. That this
smuggling plan existed is no fiction, for
the convincing evidence was produced.
How many hundreds may have entered
this country before the l'~ht dawned
through the efforts of ofilctrs none can
tell. The records are filled with cases in
which every attempt was made to reach
legal requirements, and the cunning de
vices and the magnitude of the testimony
unearthed showed that clever heads were
the originators and exploiters. In nearly
every instance these Chinese claimed to
he American born, but the end proved
that the unfortunates came from China
on tramp steamers. The only remedy and
to enforce the exclusion act is to give
customs collectors who are held respon
sible for its enforcement the necessary
time to make this class of business a
specialty."
Attorney Flint further said that for
years the Chinese «-arae Into. this country
by landing in Lower California and in the
course of a few months, by coasting in
small vessels to lessen the suspicion, ar
rive at Ensenada and evade the San
Diego office.
In the opinion of officials here the LO3
Angeles exposures forced the manipula
tors to concentrate their efforts at San
Francisco to carry out the contracts that
had been made in China and that the
same heads that engineered the southern
plan, if exposures are pushed, will later
be found to be identical.
An Investigation is now being made and
is nearly concluded by special agents of
the Treasury Department regarding a
"school of instruction" for Chinese at
Mazatlan, Mexico, where Chinese who
have been refused admittance at San
Francisco. Portland. Los Angeles or other
ports are taken and put through a course
and equipped to be able to prove that they
are native born. Several have been tried
in the United States courts here, and
about 90 per cent have been deported.
There Is a rumor that the acts of the
American Vice Consul at Mazatlan have
been investigated in this case and- that
local men are implicated also.
: Deputy Collector of Internal Revenue
John C. Wray, when asked if he had any
knowledge of the reported influx of Chi
nese, stated that violations of this char
acter do not come under his control, but
that he has reason to believe that Chinese
are being run into Southern California
from the Hawaiian Islands and Mexico.
In December last, while investigating
wine interests in Upper Santa Barbara
County, he was furnished information
relative to two Chinese laborers who were
at work on a ranch In Ventura County
and who were without certificates. The
information as it reached him was given
to Chinese Inspector Putnam. In Santa
Barbara County he gathered the informa
tion or rumor that Chinese were being
landed on Anacappa Island and then
transferred to the mainland under the
guise of abalone fishermen. Recently
three Chinese were found on Anacappa in
a starved condition, one subsequently dy
ing from the effects of exposure and star
vation. Rumor had It at the time that
they were part of a gang who had been
run In and left on the island awaiting
transportation to the mainland.
NOTHING DONE TO CHECK
THE RUSH OF JAPANESE
WASHINGTON. April 16.— Up to this
point nothing has been done by the Wash
ington authorities looking toward the re
striction of the immigration of Japanese
into this country beyond the application
of the contract labor laws. The enforce
ment of these laws is entrusted to the
officials of the Treasury Department and
so far as Is known they have not dis
covered any movement toward the bring
ing Into the United States of Japanese
coolies under labor contracts. They are
not, however, authorized to Interfere with
the Incoming of the Japanese who can
satisfy the requirements of the laws In
the matter of freedom from contract ob
ligations and ability to maintain them
selves. It is believed that unlike other
Orientals, few Japanese, even of the la
boring classes, fall to make a sufficient
showing on these points to pass muster
and secure admission at the Golden Gate.
If, however, the tide of Japanese Immi
gration now setting toward the British
Northwestern possessions should include
Japanese coolies under contract to labor
In the United States, there will be neces
sity for a considerable reinforcement of
the ¦ treasury employes charged with th«
policing of the- boundary lines between
Washington and British Columbia in or
der to prevent -their entrance into the
United States.
There is no formal obligation upon the
British Colonial authorities to prevent
such people from crossing the line be
yond that of mere neighborly Interest, a
consideration not always sufficient to stop
Illicit dumping of undesirable immigrants.
Although, the recent reports from San
Francisco of the arrival at the port of
considerable numbers of Japanese labor-
SIEGE OF WEPENER
RAISED BY BOERS
ASSASSINATED BY
ITALIAN STRIKERS
Militia Sergeant Shot to Death at
Croton Dam While Relieving
Guard.
CROTON LANDING, N. V.. April 16.
The first blood shed as the outcome
of the strike at the Croton dam
was the life's blood of Sergeant
Robert Douglass cf the Eleventh
separate Company of Mount Vernon, who
v.as shot dead by an unknown assassin
while he was relieving guard at 8:50
o'clock to-night. The wildest excitement
prevailed throughout the camp as soon
as the news of the assassination spread
tn the different tents and the soldiers are
frantic over the crime.
The point where the sergeant fell is
known as Post 10, which wes in charge
of Corporal McDowell. It is situated on
tnp of the hill, near Little Italy, where
arra^d strikers were seen drilling or
marching about early this morning.
brandiflilng rifles and shotguns. The spot
is high ov» r the huge pile cf masonry ar.d
from it one can command a view of the
country on each side up and down the
Croton Valley.
Douglass was talking to Corporal Mc-
Dowell and the other members of the
guard when he suddenly clapped hi?
fcsnds to his stomach txclaimlng, "Lord,
boys, I'm shot." and immediately fell to
the ground.
It was pitch dark at the time, but, Mc-
Dowell ar.d the others fired a volley into
a clump Of bushes nearby without hitting
any one. No one saw the flash or heard
the sound of the shot which killed Doug
lass, and it was a most mysterious affair.
Meanwhile the men picked up the fallen
p<rgt-ant and carried him down the hill
on a stretcher, but as soon as they
reached Douglass' tent the poor fellow.
died without saying a word. Lieutenant
Clover, with a squad, went up to the hill
t-;p, where they made a thorough search,
but failed to fir.d ar.y person up there.
Then th<- guards were called in and con
centrated in the valley, with the excep
tion of those placed at the cable station
where th« shooting took place.
At about 10:30 o'clock to-night the Dep
uty Sheriff* who were guarding the cable
)i«. use on the east side of the river saw
three figures lurking near the place and
the deputies fir.^d their revolvers at them.
The figures disappeared quickly in the
darkness. A few minutes later, while the
dppuiif-s thought there was no person
near them, three shots rang out from the
direction of Little Italy, but the Sheriffs
men wt-re not injured.
At about 8 o'clock this evening three
Italians were found within the lines, and
when searched by the 'soldiers each was
found to ha\ - e a loaded _ revolver on him.
The soldiers extracted the cartridges from
«fee re%'olvers and returned the weapons to
the m<*n. who were allowed to go away.
When Sergeant Douglass was killed he
•had one of these same cartridges In his
pocket, and. a? he was one of the men
who unloaded .1 c weapon, it is thought
•that the shot irhlcfa killed him was fired
by one- of the thrre men who had been al
lowed 10 po fret- wtth thehr empty pistols
I scarcely an hour previous.
Early this morning the strikers held a
meetlnc and. CndlnE that no effort was
to be made to work the dam, dispersed.
From the New York newspapers they
learned that troops were on the way. Be
fore the hour for their arrival the Bowery
was filled by Italians, who stood in groups
and listened to the talk of the leaders. At
11 o'clock a telegram was received by one
of the leaders from Consul Bianchi, advis
ing them to be quiet and informing them
of the fact that the militia was on its
way to tho dam.
It was after noon when the special train
from Vonkers carrying the two companies
of troops arrived here. Their arrival was
r)otel by an Italian on a bicycle, who re
mained lor.g enough about the station to
count them and then started for the dam.
About half a mile from the village he was
met by another strike messenger on a
wheel, who carried the news a mile,
whence a third messenger rode with all
haste to the Bowery.
Before the Deputy Sheriffs about the
works knew of the arrival of troops in
Croion Valley the strikers were aware of
it. There was a blowing of horns, and
while the troops were resiing at the sta
tion, waiting for the word to move, forty
r.rmed Italians, carrying an American flag
and two Italian flags, crossed the Little
Italy Hill to the Bowery. They were
cheered by the men in the Bowery and
watched with . interest by the Deputy
Sheriffs.
When the troons had been rested and
the wagons carrying the camp equip
ment had been loaded the march to the
dam was bcrjuri. When they were ap
prcaching the Bowery three nervous
miiitiamen accidentally discharged their
rifle?, but no ono was hurt. As the
troops swung into the .narrow lane called
the Bowery a strange sight met their
eyes. About 2CO men were on the broad
sidewalks. Flass were hanging from the
windows and held by the men crowded
en the stoops. About twenty Italians
with mandolins and guitars were seated
en the walk playing a lively tune. To
day was Kaster Monday, a holiday in
Italy.
The militiamen pitched their camp in
side the ground, where construction work
on the dam is temporarily suspended, and
patrols were thrown out. Everything was
quiet and the strikers' leader. Angelo
Rottella, said that there would be no
trouble.
"We dp not propose to fight soldiers,"
he declared. "We are behaving and we
gave the soldiers a fine welcome with our
mandolins and guitars."
After their peaceable reception the mi
litiamen had no thought of a plot such
as resulted in to-night's tragedy.
NEW YORK. April 16.— Major Oliver B.
Bridgman. in command of Squadron A,
on its way to the strike at Croton Land
ing this afternoon, was "thrown from his
horse and his leg was broken. The acci
dent occurred while the troops were pass-
Ing along Kingsbridge road.
Late this afternoon Major General Roe
ordered the- Seventh Regiment to assem
ble at its armory. To-night Companies
B and II left the armory for Croton dam.
CHINESE COACHED
AND THEN LANDED
"School of Instruction" at Mazat
lan Where Mongols Were Taught
to Become "Native Sons."
Special Dispatch to the Call.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 148.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1900.
The San Francisco CallDIZZINESS,
NAUSEA, ;
LOSS OF APPETITE.
Three prominent pymptoms of liver
trouble. Three prominent symptoms that
Hudyan cures. -
Men and women, guard against liver
trouble, for it often leads to inflammation
of bowels, ulceration of stomach and
heart complication.
—«•- ? t --a ===¦¦¦ . Do you
¦£S ; -;-r.i3sS^:7 ha ve head-
:I: I- ¦ :tf - [ '-i===.zz-.. a , c he s or
|S^ : - ' ; * -~S\ :t"4=sJ : d|zzy spells
{ :----¦ *. , :f*i- Ijgi^ Jfle- 5). yei-
|^ap.|FS»Wj^^^S low eyes, a
Iss-v^ v v,^ a.AVS^i- sallow com-
.i,i--t^%-."'«3rr^ A coated
£*L " &~3 I m fluttering of
ml (I / / P/tefysk: V v e n ea s -
m\l\ir//J&LWSBO£^K\ ' P ell *e. sore-
s%X<£-^t&j F/g f'^ y « v need
/ --fcJc'^r" • Huayao. It
-*a-f fords
HUDYAN FOR UVER :P. ro , m Pt re-
ALL DRUCGISTS-SOC. waU f^rTn i
these disagreeable symptoms to arise, but '
take Hudvan early.
Hudyan gives a heaJthy tone to the
liver, tUomach and bowels. It increases
the appetite. All persons who are of a
bilious temperament should take Hudyan.
Hudyan produces no ill effect, is pleasant
to take and pleasant in effect. Hudyan
cur^s all liver troubles and is a" boon to
there persons who live in malarial coun-
tries.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists, 50c a
package; fix packages for S2 50.
If your drujrjrfst does not keep It Bend
direct to the HUDYAN' REMEDY CO.,
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets,
Ban Francisco, Cal.
«. ¦ -r of the Hudyar) Remedy
I nnPTHDC I Co. may be coQsulted
I JLJUL 1 UriO I by letter or tn persoo-
* ?Write your syrrptoms.
"SEND FOR CTRCTLAnS' AND TESTIMO-
NIALS OF THE GKEAT HUDYAN-FKHI
I • S
s «
8 ' - " " ¦ a
1 - - ' •¦ I
« i
I "
I 1 FULL SET TEETH I S
| § No More Dread of the Dental Chair! | |
tt 8 Teeth extracted and filled absolutely « S
Q SS without pain by our late scientific meth- C 5 Q
O X od. No sleep-produclnu agents or co- H O
« S calne. These are the only Dental Par- Q $
55 Q lors in San Francisco that have the ¦ Q W
M O patent appliances and lneredlents to ex- Q Jrs
8 Q tract, fill and apply, gold crowns and « JrJ
Q « porcelain crowns, undetectable from nat- g M
S ?< wral teeth, and warranted for 10 years, g Q
Q $6 without the least particle of pain. Gold c 5 Q
Q 8 'crowns and teeth without plates, gold Q o
;» 8 ' fillings and all other dental work done g g
Q M painlessly and by epeclallsts. o g
•3 S Gold Crowns and Bridge. WorK a g S
tt Q c guarantee a fit or no pay.) 8 2
g » 22-K G°!d Crowns - $5.00 S ' B
S « Teeth Without Plate.- 5.00 g g
I I New York Dental Parlors I I
»; S HISTORY BUILDING. 723 MARKET ST. § 8
j3 .¦' Portland Office — Fourth and Morrison 6 o
NlAk2\U DR - PIERCES
timmk electric
iWfC BELT,
•jTfe: THIS BELT 13 WAR.
/jfv ranted to be the Latest lm-
• proved, most powerful and la
•n v««n«et^ the be*t now manufactured in any
oftrtofthe world. Its equal do«a not exist. Th»
Onlvaaometer shows !t» electric current to b+
doable that of any ether. Easily regulated.
IHtrshly ttisolated. Latest improved attach-
ments 6peclal conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cur«
JnV disease on earth that It Is possible to <nir«
with electricity, and It cures when other* fail.
Bur no belt till you see "Dr. Pierce**."
"Booklet No. J," free at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about it. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
Palace Hotel) SAN FRANCISCO.
Eastern Office— New Tork City.
than one county of the State, and clearly 1
showed that any other method than that |
pursmd by the State Board of Equaliza
tion in the' present case would .work hard
ships upon the various- counties through,
which the railroads operated, for the rea
son that each county would not secure its
Just proportion of tax. Mr. lord then
showed by the statutes that it was the
railroad rolling stock being operated b>
the Atlantic and Pacific Company In more
thin one county of the State that was to
be taxed irrespective of the ownership of
the franchise and rails and that any
other construction would perm It the rail
road company to escape its just Propor
tion of taxes due the State. The court
Madden to-day began to supply the post
offices with books of stamps. The books
contain twelve stamps in three sheets 01
four each They are bound In manna
V'lf^Prtn"? ofiaT 1 - Francisco and
7o*«L % S^ce^fo h re jg
ISss£ foßSs^BSlsttW
cen? of "he claims proved, amounting to
$lA>sviry1 A >5 viry elaborate testimonial has been
resented to Mrs. Beale. widow of Gen
?rHf Fdward F. Beale, by the citizens of
Baker-field Cal., acknowledging the gift
of a library building to that city by Mrs
¦Poale and her son, Truxton Beale. me
KSmSSiI is m the form o f a large
nortfolio composed of silver, the nrst
Et of which is elaborately embemshed
in exquisite design and Is beautifully ln-
BC The ed Califomla delegation met to-night
at the apartments of Senator Bard at the
fas T^&^s'pvtpii
ters and Needham. Messrs. Metcalf and
Kahn are away and Mr. Barham was un
able to be present on account of a slight
illness Mr De Vrles was present during
was the
pro?os?son of Dr. McLean for the pur
chase by the Government of all toll roads
into the Yosemlte and other national
nark* ! The mineral lands bill was dla
cuwed Mr Needham said that Secretary
of the Interior Hitchcock had informed
nlm that he would be ready to talk over
this measure with the California members
next Wednesday. Questions of patronage
were considered in a general way.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed S CaTifo°rn?a: ' Original-Edward Burns,
Castroville $6. Increase— Robert Lewis,
Los Angeles, $6 to $12. Reissue-Joel J. Lo
veles, Escondldo. 18. Original widows,
etc.— Minors of James C. Robinson, San
Francisco, Jl4. /
Oregon: Original — James A. Haraen,
Silverton, $6; William S. Schwartz, Perry
dale $G: Theodore. Crump, Elgin, $6. In
°rea«e-James W. Miller. Medford. $6 to
$10 Mexican War widows, special accrued
Apr il 4— Lurena Argabright, Corvallls. $8.
Washington: Original— Joseph E. Gandy,
Spokane. $6. Increase— Ephraim Ranck,
Hllhurst, $6 to $8 :
VANDALS SET FIRE
TO A HISTORIC CHURCH
Notre Dame Dcs Vertus Pillaged and
Then Destroyed as the Result
of Three Men's Work.
PARIS, April 17.— The historic Church of
Notre Dame dcs Vertus, in the village of
Aubervllliers. on the outskirts of Paris,
was entered- Sunday evening or Monday
morning by vandals, who after pillaging
it set it on fire. Several firemen were
badly Injured by burning brands, and
Abbe Bernard received Slight Injuries.
The interior of the church was found in
a" Ftate of great disorder, and the com
munion vessels are believed to have been
stolen, unless, they.; are buried In , the
debris. One of the huge-bells fell Into the
sacristy, and three otners through a roof
into the organ: ; ¦ ¦ ' * •, -<
• Three men were seen leaving the church
just alter the fire was discovered. ;
Suicide of a Laborer.
FRESNO. April 16.— Patrick O'Hara. a
laborer, lately from Merced, committed
suicide. last evening at/the Ogle . House
by: shooting .himself in the head with a
44-callber revolver. He brooded over the
thought that he was a consumptive, and
had told his roommate that he had a pos
itive cure for it and that was, a "44."
O'Hara was a fine specimen of manhood,
6 feet 2 Inches in stature. Just before his
Filicide he had asked a policeman to place
him In jail.
Dr. Parkhurst said to-day that he had
nothing to add to what he had preached
yesterday and Rev. George "W. Birch,
stated clerk of the Presbytery, who per
sonally prosecuted the charges of heresy
against Dr. Charles A. Briggs and Pro-
sr-.r^j^^s^— --1- z. •- —_3 r."-^ > ... .
4 QUART BOTTLES 53.20.
Kxpress charges prepaid.
Highest grade for Medicinal or Family use.
We give you the benefit of the middlemen's
profit, besides you are guaranteed tha cer-
tainty of
f*URE WHISKEY.
Nothing on case to indicate contents.
M^>r.ey refunded If net sa-lsfactory.
Reference, any business firm and commercial
egencles.
f. EPHRAIM «fe CO..
IMstillera' Acents,
18 Montgomery street, San Francisco. CaX.
E7Twloe the price coald buy no better.
ELECTRICITY
FOR VALLEY OF
SANTA CLARA
An Immense Plant Is to
Be Built by Standard
Company.
Nearly All the Country Towns Will
Be Supplied and Farmers Will
Be Able to Make Use of
the Power.
6t>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 16.— The Standard
Electric Company, which has Its plant at
Blue Lakes, Alpine County, is preparing
to begin active operations in San Jose and
Santa Clara County. Bonds to the extent
of $5,000,000 were recently floated in New
York, and some of this money will be
available for work in a few weeks. Three
carloads of cables and wires are now at
the depot and during the present week
four more cars of storage batteries and
machinery will arrive from Pittsburg.
At present a force of workmen are
erecting poles and stringing wires through
tire Livermore and- Niles canyons, and it
is said they will reach Alvlso by May 20.
Alvlso is to be the distributing"point for
the three lines running to San Francisco,
Oakland and San Jose. In this city an
immense storage plant will be erected, so
that in case of an accident the company
will have sufficient power to last for sev
eral days. n - ¦ ~
The Electric Improvement Company has
the contract for handling the local supply
of power. A building for the Standard
Electric Company's storage batteries and
machinery is now completed and ready.
The work of erecting poles and string
ing wires along the various county roads
of Santa Clara County will be rushed, as
it Is proposed to have the power here by
August 1. The plans of the company in
clude a network of lines to the populous
portions of Santa Clara Valley. It Is said
an extension of the line will be made to
Salinas. Those interested In the concern
declare that prices of electric power will
be put so low that It will come within the
reach of fruit growers and farmers for
pumping for irrigation purposes.
lessor A. C. McGlffert, epoke hesitatingly
of Dr. Parkhurst. . . .
"It Is riot new for Dr. Parkhurst to talk
that way," Dr. Birch said. "He has ever
since I can remember, but he la a good
Presbyterian Just the same. He does not
believe what he said and yet I don't want
to seem to be calling him Insincere, either.
He belongs to that class of men who have
existed since the church • was founded,
who want the confession of faith abol
ished for a short creed. It amounts to the
same thing, but the change can't be made,
for the Presbyterian church is founded on
the confession." . . ; •>*:. • -•• • &';»
The ' Rev. Dr. Arthur C. McGlffert'a let
ter, of withdrawal from the Presbytery,
which has created such a profound sen
sation, is as follows: ¦
Dear Brethren— ln view of the appeal to the
General Assembly of which Dr. Birch gave for
mal notice at the last meetlne of the presby
tery. I have decided to withdraw from the
Presbyterian Church, and I request that you
will accordingly drop my name from the roll
of the presbytery.
In making: this request I desire to say that I
60 not withdraw because I regrard the charges
of heresy preferred against me as well founded,
or because I recognize the Justice of the accus
ations that have been made in many quarters,
tor I still believe, as I believed when I wrote
to the General Assembly . last Spring, that my
views are In harmony with the faith of the
Presbyterian Church and of evangelical Chris
tendom in all vital and essential matters, but
I cannot feel that it Is my duty to no through
thn trial before the General Assembly which
the appeal will doubtless precipitate, and I am
unwlllijig needlessly to prolong the agitation
that has been distracting the church and pre
venting it from giving itself unreservedly to its
true work of advancing the kingdom of God.
EXPRESS COMPANIES
ESCAPE THE WAR TAX
United States Supreme Court Decides in
a Michigan Case That the Public
Must Bear the Burden.
A.j" "t l>ista»o»— FaiJias Maov
gj -» c\ orr. SlaepleaanaHa, etc.. can9ed by ov-jr-
.» *" ri work Bad ladiacrations. They quirk**
S *££& •*"• ****** restore Lost Vitalitf in old
l\ '^T or toook, and bt a maa fcr study. btj*i-
Deu or pleasara. Prafent Inscauy an 1
9XsL^frfot Oopgnmption i; takea in tima. Thalr
Bte shows immediate improTen-.eas aad effecta CURiS
where all others fail. Insist apoahaTingthaeeauina
AJax Tablets. Therhave eurod thousands and will
cure 70a. \V « giro a posltiTA written Kuarantee to ef-
fort a enre la each cam or renxnd the money. Jfrlca
9l#bld> ment) for S2.SO by mail, ia plala wxacusr
opon receipt of price. Circa lan Ire*. *
AJAX REMEDY CO., 79 cSsSo^^
For *ale tn S. F. by Lelpnlta A Co.. Na Per-
eentaze Drug Co.. Owl Drus Co.. 3. F.. Oaii'd.
DiLiIALL'S KELNYIGORATOR^^I
Kive tuadred reward for any 4a vi?^'
case w» caanot cure. This secret W*** **f»
r,ai»dy atop* all loaae* in 24 J ?,
hour*. «ur*a EmtMioni, I tnpo- ¦4TJ K.-y
Mocy. Vartcocele, Gonorrhoea, %r| ftf?
M»nhr.iKJ aad all wajtlnj eCsct» *^5I %J(J
tit •elf-abuse or excesses. Sent - ~~"
•ealcd. (2 bottle; t bottles, 15; guaranteed to
* ddr <»» HALL'S MEDICAI* IN-
6TITIJTE. SSS Brr>a«lr»ay. OakUnd. CaL Als*
1«t sal* at 1073H Market »t.. 8. F. All prtrau
«iseas«s quickly cured. Send for tn* book.
OI FT nnill I Corner Fourth *nd
yailMtm checked tr««.
Mark Sufficient Signature.
SANTA ROSA. April 16.— Judge Dough
erty to-(|ay admitted the will of Pioneer
Peter Sposlto to probate. The document
was simply signed with a mark. The
2 visit OR JORDAN'S great 4
)HUSEUB OF ANATOMY^
7 EjT The Largne Anatomical Museum in tbe \
A __jli World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V *St~2~A'?\ chjease p«»itlwrly cared ny the oldut '
V JSsI Specialist rmtbtCout. Eat 36 year*
!tf*3£*l 08.JORBAH-PRIYATE DISEASES *
BflrKf\a Consultation fret; and strirtly pri»at« \
I li>S^H Tr« nment prr^onaliy or by letter. A M
B Or X Pa* Hat Cure in eTery cite undertaken. T
S:/ \\PL Wnte for Book. PHILOSUPIIY tl i
I I Il*I 1 * MAK«I*«.K. MAIL2O FKSS. UT
1 jj II valuable book for mra ) \
9 ni: joi:i)4> A CO. 1031 Market St.. B. F. w
THUGS BROUGHT IN
TO COW UNION MEN
Former County Commissioner's Story
of the Conditions in the Coeur
d'Alenes.
WASHINGTON. April 16.— The Coeur
d'Alene investigation was resumed to-day
with W. R. Stimson, one of the former
County Commissioners of Shoshone Coun
ty, on the stand to rebut features devel
oped in the previous testimony. Kis evi
dence was to the effect that he was re
moved from office by the State and mili
tary authorities because they believed he
would not serve their purpose. He de
clared in answer to questions that his re
moval was brought about by the legal
and judicial -'tools" of the Bunker Hill
mine and the Standard Oil Company.
The witness presented a photography
taken at the time of the outbreak of 1892.-
It showed the front of a saloon at Gem,
with the glass windows riddled with rifle
shots. These, he testified, were made by
"Pinkertons and thugs brought in by the
mining companies to put down the union
men." - Most ' oi Stlmson's. testimony re
lated to minor circumstances in the affair
under investigation.
An exciting controversy occurred at the
afternoon session of the Coeur d'Alene in
vestigation, when the petition to the Sec
retary of War from several hundred citi
zens of the Coeur d'Alene district asking
for the retention of Federal troops was
presented in evidence. Representative
Sulzer denounced the petition as "bogus
and fraudulent," declaring that many of ;
the signatures were forgeries and that
other names had been secured by intimi
dation. He asked to introduce affidavits
attacking the petition, but after an ani
mated controversy these were ruled' out,
the vote being on party lines..
A motion by Sulzer calling on the Presi
dent for affidavits bearing on the petition
was similarly voted down by the commit
tee. ' - ¦
Sulzer sharply commented on the course
of the majority, and his exchanges with
acting Chairman Marsh were at times
personal and emphatic. Sulzer and Capron
also had several wordy colloquies.
Dr. Hugh France, who Is regarded as an
important witness, since he acted as Cor
oner when the Bunker Hill mill was blown
up, and shared with Bartlett Sinclair in
the direction of affairs following that
event, was put on the stand. Dr. France
paid he was graduated from Bellevue Hos
pital. New York. He denied being in the
employ of the Bunker Hill mine, as had
been alleged, and said he,. was chosen by
the miners as "their physician and sur
geon, receiving his pay/from them. He
'described the warfare between the union
and non-union men, culminating with the
march on the Bunker Hill and the dyna
miting of the concentrator. Dr. France
defended the work of the Coroner's jury
against criticisms made during the testi
mony and explained the regularity of the
various steps taken. His testimony will
proceed to-morrow. ¦ .
HANNA WILL NOT BE
NATIONAL CHAIRMAN
Some Other Republican to Manage
President McKinley 's Cam
; I-:. paign. / ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— 1t is rery
generally understood by leading Repub
lican politicians that Senator Hanna will
not be chairman of the Republican Na
tional Committee during the coming cam
paign. There is no one in whom the
President or party leaders generally
would have more confidence than Senator
Hanna, but the state of his health .Is such
that he does not feel equal to assuming
the responsibility for the management of
the campaign. ' ,
First Assistant Postmaster General
Heath is one of ;the most talked of men
as Senator Hanna' s successor. Repre
sentative Dick of Ohio, who is the present
secretary of the National Committee, is
also spoken of for the place. Neither Mr.
Heath nor Mr. Dick will say that he is
anxious to take the work of the chair
manship, and although one of them prob
ably will be drafted into service, it will
be impossible to say which will be the
man until the new chairman has been
chosen at the Philadelphia convention, je*
Mr. McKlnley will be consulted and his
wishes as to his campaign manager will
be respected by the committee. .. Senator
Hanna will • occupy, the position of gen
eral advisor to the chairman, whoever he
may be. — ' ?
ANTI-TRUST MEASSURES.
Bemedies Proposed by ths House
Sub-Committee. •..:•.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— Two meas
ures directed against trusts were deter
mined upon to-day | by the special ' sub
committee on trusts of the I House "Judi
ciary Committee. The special sub-com
mittee has spent many days ¦¦ examining
the various remedies proposed • and the
conferences were not concluded, until a
late hour to-day. As agreed upon, the
remedy is twofold, namely, a constltu->
tional amendment giving Congress full
power to deal with trusts and a new anti
trust law making the following extensions
to the Sherman act:
1. Requiring the branding or marklnc - of
trust-made Roods shipped out of a State, ro as
to be easily identified as the product of a trust.
2. Prohibiting the interstate traffic of trust
made goods not so branded and making them
subject to seizure and condemnation.
3. Requiring corporations having a capital
over $1,600,000 or doing an annual business of
$1,000,000 to file a report of their affairs, with
the Secretary of State. ,
4. Providing the process of Injunction against
combinations tending trustvnaue-; goods' from
State to State or to foreign countries. . . •
5. Prohibiting the use of the mails tn con
cerns and their officials proven to be trusts.
ALASKANS PROTEST TO
SENATOR PERKINS
Business Men of Skaguay Sign a Me
morial Objecting to His Favoring
Sitka as the Capital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash.,- April 16.— Thirty-five
of the leading business firms of Skaguay
have signed a memorial addressed to Sen
ator Perkins protesting against the ac
tion he has taken in the United States
Senate in standing for the retention of
the capital of Alaska at Sltka. It is
stated in the protest that the desires of
the " people of Alaska and 'of Skaguay
were expressed in the territorial conven
tion last fall 'as favoring Juneau for the
capital. The protest states ; further:
"It must.be also within.y our personal
knowledge that the whole .of Southeast
ern' Alaska, with the exception of Sltka,
favors the removal of the capital to Ju
neau and that your position in regard to
the same is . in direct ; opposition to the
will , of the people of this whole section.
"Under these circumstances it is scarce
ly possible to' disassociate your public po
sition" as Senator from your private posi
tion as head of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company, and we must, therefore,
regard 'the latter as ¦ representing inter
ests which are Inimical to those of this
port and Southeastern Alaska, and act
accordingly.'! .-..-.
MURDEROUS INDIAN
SOUGHT TO SHOOT
John Sims Relieved of an Unpleasant
". . 'Predicament by. the Advent of
v .; a Picnic Party.'
Special Dispatch to The Call. ?;
BOLINAS.' ApriI 16.-John Bima, em
ployed 'in: the Golden Crown copper mine,
yesterday stood off a murderous half-caste
named Tony with a brick while the In
dian'threatened Sims with death by flour
ishing a pistol In his face. A party of p*lc
niekers discovered Sims' predicament, and
called: on his assailant to drop his wea
pon. Not till ' City Attorney Thomas P.
Boyd threatened to shoot him did Tony
throw- down the pistol he held. The two
men had quarreled over some trivial mat
ter and Tony threatened to, kill Sims.
Yesterday they met, but Stmß' threat of
knocking ouf the Indian with the- brick
made the half-caste hold fire until the pic
nic party arrived on the scene and his
murderous design was frustrated.
ALLEGED UNDUE INFLUENCE.
Mrs. Cook Denies the Setting Aside
- of Valuable Deeds.
SANTA ANA, April 16.— A suit was filed
here to-day by Mrs. Katie Cook, recently
acquitted of the. charge of murdering her
husband, "Tom Cook, charging Mrs. Delia
B. Rawson of Los Angeles with using un
due Influence in getting her to deed prop
erty in this county valued at $10,000 to
her. ,The .complaint alleges that under
duress and fear the plaintiff signed two
deeds transferring the title to valuable
pieces of peatland to Mrs. Rawson and
now, upon, lnformation and belief, she as
serts that • Mrs. .: Rawson's stories of
frlendhlp were' false and she* prays that
the deeds be set aside.
Charles Day Dead.
Speoial LHspatch .to The Call.
WOODLAND; April 16— Charles Gran
vine Day," who has been a resident of
Yolo Countv'for thirty years,. died at > his
residence, three- miles southwest of Wood
land, fifteen:-; minutes '-¦. before .the ¦ noon
hour on Sunday, - April 15. The deceased
was born near Crabapple, Ky., May 10,
1529. He was the. youngest son of a large
family. •"-.. -;-': ¦ . 'Tv^V
Barn Burned Down.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JWOODIxAND. April i 16.— A , large barn
on the Fair ranch, near Knights Landing,
known as the Hamilton barn, situated on
a slough adjoining .J. D. Baird's place,
and all Its contents, were totally de
stroyed by fire -between 2 and 3. o clock
Sunday afternoon, f. The barn contained
about 800 tons of hay.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postal Inspector Erwin to Be Placed
in Charge of the New Free
Delivery District.
"WASHINGTON. April 16.—Representa
tive Loud will obtain the appointment of
I'ostofliee Inspector Erwin of San Fran
cisco as assistant general superintendent
of the free delivers' service in charge of
the new district including Pacific Coast
States and extending as far East as Den
ver. There are now three districts, with
headquarters at Washington, Xew York
and Chicago. The headquarters of the
new district will be in San Francisco.
Mr. Ei-win will superintend the free de
livery of ihS district,' determine whether
the carrier system Is 'adecruate" a*nd report
on the ..Reaeral* character- of .the -service.
His salary will be $2300 a year and a per
diem compensation for expenses. Mr. Er
win will »>e succeeded as postal inspectoi
by A. A. Robinson, now in the postal ser
vice at Sa.ii Francisco, whose salary will
Le $2000.
Attorney General Griegs has decided to
take action regarding the appointment of
a Tnited Stales Commissioner in Alaska.
The delay has called forth protests from
residents of the Territory, who have
urp«>d that the su<-e^*sor to Commissioner
Malcolm, wh resigned pom? time ago, be
chosen at once. Hiram H. Folsom of
Juneau. formerly of .Marysville, Cal., will ,
be the new appointee. lie has strong in- <
dorseroent* .for the place, from Alaskan
residents and many members of the Cali
fornia l^esri^lature. . . .
6<«ne < mtiarrassment is understood to |
have been caused by Malcolm continuing j
to act in certain cases after having filed
his resignation. The criminal courts have
been attended to by the United States
Commissioner at Douglas Island, but the
appointment of Folsom, which will soon
be made, will relieve the situation.
Ex-Congressman Maguire to-day argued
In the I'nited States Supreme Court the
cas* of Waite vs. the city of Santa Cruz
otherwise known as the Santa Cruz bond
case.
The case of C. N. Smith, as receiver of
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com
pany vs. Truman Reeves, as treasurer of
the "State- of California, was argued to
day before the Supreme Court. C. N.
Btcrry for the raiProad and Attorney Gen
eral Ford and Deputy Attorney Genera!
Abbott in behalf of the State. Mr. Abbott
opened the case for the State by urging
t^pon the cnurt the question of the juris
diction of the Supreme Court to hear the
case at this time. He contended that Mr.
Beeves was Treasurer of the State of Cal
ifornia and defendant on behalf of the
State; that moneys to pay judgments, if
any, came from the State treasury and
the State, therefore, was the real party
defending the suit. This being fo the
eleventh amendment to the constitution
of the United States prohibited the State
being F-vf d by a private person.
Mr. Ford followed and said he desired.
If possible, to stcure a decision upon the
merits cf the oase. He outlined the
scheme adopted by the State in assessing
the franchise, roadbed, rails and rolling
Ftock of all railroads operating In more
CHICAGO, April 16.— With only one
dissenting vote the report of the
committee to which was referred
the request of Dr. Newell Dwight
Hill!s of Brooklyn that his name be
erased from the rolls of the Chicago
Presbytery was to-day adopted by that
body at a regular meeting. The ques
tions relating to the Presbyterian doc
i trine raised by Dr. Hillis in his now-fa
! mous sermon at Plymouth Church,
i Brooklyn, did not. however, have any
bearing on the acceptance or rejection of
! Dr. Hillis' resignation.
¦ NEW YORK, April 16.— Rev. Charles
H. Parkhurst, speaking in his pulpit in
Madison-square Presbyterian Church yes
terday, mnde a vigorous assault on the
Westminster confession of faith. He
paid: "We ought to have a new confes
sion of faith. It is surprising that the
Presbyterian church is able to do as much
as it is doing with such an incubus
strapped upon us as we are tottering
under in our present confession. In the
iirst place the thing needed is not a sys
tem of theology, for that is what our
present confession is. but a simple, bnei
Saxon statement of a half dozen of the
vital ingredients of Jesus Christ s mes
sage to the world."
If Rev Dr C H. Parkhurst s sermon
in which he assailed the confession of
faith of the Presbyterian church has oc
casioned astonishment among his fellow
members of the New York Presbytery
they decline to admit it and it is improb
able that any action will be taken by that
body.
« —i
testator's name was In the body of the
will, but was not at the end. It was wit
nessed by two responsible witnesses. The
question was whether this mark was a
signature. The court held under the cir
cumstances and by reason of the decision
in the Gullfoyle case the mark was suffi
cient. ' • •
MINER MEETS WITH A
MOST PECULIAR DEATH
Struck on the Head and Killed by a
Rock That Had Been Blown Out
; of Sight by a Blast. '•'; ~ .
REDDING, April 16.— One of the most
peculiar accidents ever occurring In ex
trerrie Northern California took place at
Round Mountain this afternoon, resulting
in the death of S. J. Halpin. The victim
was employed by the Terry Lumber Com
pany at the new mill forty miles east of
Redding. With other workmen he was
preparing a way' for a lumber chute. A
large stump had to be blasted out of the
path. The work was assigned to Halpin
and one companion. He placed an extra
heavy charge of powder and, retiring fully
1000 feet, stepped behind a large tree.
After the discharge the two men started
toward camp, it being near the supper
hour. They had proceeded fully 200 feet,
when a large rock, which must have been
blown out of sight, descended on Halpin,
killing him instantly and crushing his
head into a pulp.
Halpin was a well-known miner The
Irony of fate was exemplified In his case.
He was employed at the Iron Mountain
mine at the time of the recent disaster,
resulting In the death of eight men. He
quit work then, saying he would give up
mining, as he did not care to meet such
a death as his companions. Shortly there
after he secured the position where he
met his peculiar death.
CHILDREN MAKE MERRY.
Egg-Rolling Day Celebrated at the
National Capital.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— Easter Mon
day—egg rolling day— was celebrated on
the lawns south of the Executive Mansion
by thousands of little folks, whose unique
annual festival has come to be the fea
ture in Washington of the end of the
Lenten season. As early as 9 o'clock,
when the gates were opened, they began
to gather from all parts of the city, each
with a small basket filled with eggs of
every conceivable hue, and by 3 o'clock
several thousand were racing and tumb
ling about on the green sward. About
that time the full Marine band marched
into the grounds and played at frequent
Intervals during the remainder of the aft
ernoon.
Estate Distributed.
FAIRFIEL.D. April 16.— 1n the Superior
Court to-day Judge Buckles made a de
cree of final distribution in the estate of
the late E. I. Upham. by which 179.320 was
turned over to the Good Templars' Home
for Ophans at Vallejo. Ex-Mayor Pond
of San Francisco was the executor of the
estate, and during his administration the
estate increased from $360,000 to J430.000.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
\ .
WASHINGTON, April 16.— The Supreme Court to-day decided a case In
volving the stamp tax as it applies to express packages. The question in
volved Is whether the shipper or carrier shall pay the tax on the express
packages. The opinion was handed down by Justice White and was ravor
able to the express company. There were two cases before the court In
volving the question at issue, but the opinion was based upon the case of
the American Express Company vs. Attorney General Maynard of the btate^
of Michigan. . It came to the Supreme Court from a decision of the State bu
preme Court of Michigan, which decision was adverse to the claims of the.
express companies. The opinion to-day reversed that decision.
Regarding the decision of the Supreme Court Attorney General Ford of
California said to-night:
• "As 1 understand the opinion of the court from hearing It outlined by
Justice White I fear there is not much comfort in it for California: The
Michigan case gave me considerable hope, but the New York .case seems to
lay down rules that 'under the present state of the law express companies
may shift the burden of tax without violating any of the provisions of the
statute- I have not yet had an opportunity to study the opinion Itself and
what I now say is based on my understanding of Justice White's statement
in open court to-day. So far as California is concerned I can only say that
I shall continue to press our suit against the express comapny to a final
and, I hope, successful conclusion."
cpp|Nr-Ti!F
Jlliliiu I ImL /
npl lISIONS
FACT VS. CONJECTURE.
A Few Valuable Hints to Those Who
Are Quick to Take Advantage of
Timely Suggestions.
Just now the advertising space of the
average newspaper is filled with advertise-
ments of springtime medicines, blood pu-
rifiers, etc. When It Is understood as a
scientific truth that the kidneys, liver and
lungs are the only blood purifiers of the
human body, much disappointment and
money will be saved. Dizziness palpita-
tion, languid feeling, headache, backache,
etc., are caused by the system being poi-
soned by uric acid, which the kidneys,
through overwork or weakness, do not
eliminate. The troubles mentioned are but
symptoms. The cauae lies deeper. Put the
kidneys and liver in working order with
that vegetable specific. Warner's Safe
Cure, and the symptoms and attendant
troubles will disappear. With the system
In first-class condition and the great or-
gans of life doing the work nature In-
tended them to do. most diseases are
thrown off. It is the weakened, debili-
tated, poisoned body which falls an easy
prey to chills, fevers, pneumonia, con-
sumption, Bright'a disease and death. No
man or woman can afford to be laid, up
with a severe illness. It Is the part of
wisdom to keep well. Miss Florence Buf-
fum, secretary of the Ishwara Theosoph-
lcal Society of Minneapolis, understands
this, perfectly, and under date of January
24 last write*}: "I have found Warner's
Safe Cure of high value. It greatly as-
sists a wornout system to perform its du-
ties, and whenever any of my friends be-
come languid or pale and full of pains I
advise them to try Warner's Safe Cure,
feeling assured that they will be satisfied
¦with the result;" Miss Buff urn's experi-
ence can be yours. Will you not also en-
joy It?
PLATFORM OF
REPUBLICANS
IN OUTLINE
The Administration Leaders
Agree Upon Leading
Issues.
Keynote Is Expansion and a Strong
Plank Will Be Inserted Pledging
Renewed Allegiance to the
Gold Standard.
CHICAGO, April 16.— A special to the
Pest from Washington says: Administra-
CHICAGO, April 16.— A special to the I
Post from Washington says: Administra- j
lion leaders have agreed upon the issues |
and articles of Republican faith which j
will be incorpuruud in the national plat- ',
form to be submitted to the Philadelphia ,
convention for raiiricaiio:i. A rough draft j
el the Republican party creed has been i
accepted by Republican leaden oil the j
Senate and Republican national commit- |
teemen.
The opening declaration will be a hearty
iadoraement of President McKiniey and a !
tribute to bis personal management of j
Jhe nicft briiiant military and naval j
achievements of the c!ose of the century, i
Unqualified appiovai will be accorded to !
all the administrative acts. The establish- |
ment of a gold standard will be dwelt :
upon, and a plar.k will be devoted to re- ;
r.ewed allegiance to the sold standard. J
The keynote of the platform Will be the I
expansion issue-. A ftrong, clear utterance
in favor of the retention of the Philip
pines an-J of a vigorous f*>reisn policy will
Le delivered. There wSli be no positive
affirmation of the rifht of this Govern
ment to povern itM Philippines, as that
must be left for future adjudication.
The policy of protection will be affirmed
and the platform will pledge the party to
Ihe support <jf the docirine of reciprocity.
A sreator merchant marine and liberal
Tension laws will be demanded, and the
Monroe doctrine reasserted. The Nlca
jaffuan canal will be supported if no ac
tion is taken at this session cf Congress.
The developments <>f the near future in
Cuba and the outcome of- the municipal
election next month will largely shape the
policy toward that Island. Among other
planks in the platform will be one in favor
of an augmented Davy, others in favor of
civil service, free homesteads, restriction
of immigration and temperance, and
woman suffrage will also have a place in
the platform.
THREE NOTED DIVINES WHO
DIFFER FROM PRESBYTERY
THE SAN FRAIS T CISCO CALL V TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1900
WABNEB'S BEMED:
Specialists for Men.
COXPin#TATION AND ADVICE FREE.
731 MARKET ST.. San Francisco.
P3.13.C6 Conducted under ths
' — American and ! Euro-
Qnrl pean P lans » and in a
<*im manner that will sat-
isfy the most exacting
GrcHid and p articuiar tas^«
1400 rooms— 9oo with
' baths.
JIIOIGIS
2BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. EJVIGORA-
tor aad Nerrtne.
Tfce meat wonderful asiirodUia: and Special
Tocic for the S«xual Orgaas for botn *ex«*.
The Mexican Remedy (or Diseases oX tae SUt-
acys aad Bladder. Sell* oa Its owa merit*.
NABER. AIJS & RRUNE. A««ata.
XSt Markrt »t- & K.— tSgnd tor Orca!ar.>
THE REASON WHY
We please all lies in the cniforrn excel-
lence of ot:r laundry work. Spic and
span linen only carries from a place
where everything in done right. There
is no satisfaction in wearing things that
look as though they'd had a brush with
the Boers. Enjoy the comfort and ele-
gance which our laundry work only can
give you.
United States Laundry. Oftlo»
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4>20.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh 3:
BOSTON, April 15.— Rev. Puxrkwell
Claacy. a missionary at Allahabad,
¦who ii visiting his brother in Med
forfi, said to-<ia.y:
The condition of famine-stricker,
I-dia to-<iay is something awful to con
t*—-,'a.te I cannot tell anything about
the number dying, but when I left Bom
bay last February there were some €0.«0,
0CO people suffering and over 30.000,000 were
in dire distress, and of these but 5,000.000
were receiving Government aid.
"It is not the cities but the country
1 places which are stricken, and when you
know that it is mostly among the agricul
tural classes and that SO per cent of the
population of India Is made up of tillers
of the soil you may be able to grasp in
some slight manner the extent of the suf
fering at the present time.
""When the famine set in the people be
gan to sell everything they had that they
might get a little grain food. They took
the doors from their houses and sold
them, sold their furniture and farming
utensils, and then when they had no
longer anything to sell they sold their
children. The boys don't sell well and the
traffic is largely In girls.
"I saw girls in one town Just before I
c£me away being sold for 30 cent3 apiece.
They were bought up by Mohammedans.
But they won't buy the boys, so when the
r? rents can no longer support their chil
dren they abandon them, and henceforth
they must get on as best they can. These
crstoffs congregate about the doors of
the grain merchants* shops and the only
wjiv the proprietors can get rid of them
L« to throw out handfuls of grain, scatter
ing it wide. The children pick and pick,
al! day. and at night perhaps are reward
ed by having collected a single handful."
Negotiating for a Railway.
XETY YORK. April 16.— J. P. Morgan &
Co. has authorized the announcement that
the company Is negotiating for the ac
quirement of the Louisville. Nashville
and St. Louis Air Line, and a plan for the
reorganization of that company will be Is
sued, based on an agreement by the
Southern Railway to take over the prop
erty after the reorganization. ~-'i
can honor is assailed American valor will de
fend It. The nation which Is armed and ready
to fig-it is the least likely to be called upon to
io so. The best peac* conference is & strong
and efficient navy. Sea power Is recognized the
world over as the strength of a great nation.
We are building a navy to maintain our for
eign policy: to defend the Monroe doctrine and
to guard the proposed Nicaragua canal, which
I trust will never be built unless the American
navy has the right, aa It has the ability, to
defend tt In time of war.
Need of a Big Navy.
While protection to ourselves was the watch
word of the past century, commerce will be
the watchword of the ccmirg. We will not
only centime to build our own ships of Ameri
can material fashioned by American hands,
but at the same time we will build, aa we
have been bulldinz recently, ships for Japan
and Russia acd In time, by reason of the
decreased supply of inn and steel in other
countries, we will be buildine the navle* ot
England. France. Germany and the other great
caral powers.
Men will not embark In commercial enter
prises beyond the seas unless they know that
their own ccfantry bas the ability to protect
them In every port and harbor In the world,
and when an American merchantman goes to
foreign port" *cc will go there backed. If nec
essary by an American mar.-of-war to see to
It that she has the rights and privileges of the
most favored nations. The American navy will
thus play an Important part in tecurinz our
commercial supremacy.
The American battleship would also
play, he said, a not inconsiderable part
in the civilization of the Filipinos. He
continued:
Th» American echool marra with her spelling
book tr-ay ecllrbten th« mind; the American
missionary with ' hl« Bible may soften the
heart" th" commercial traveler may teach them
the Un of trade, bat they recojrnlre no virtue
unless accompanied by force, and the Ameri
can battleship a.nch^red In the harbor of Ma
nila will do more than anything else to teach
them that liberty Is not license, but that true
liberty is liberty under law, respect for order
and reverence for Justice.
ALBERT MILLER'S
LONG LIFE ENDED
Passing of One of the Leaders in Com
mercial Affairs of the Pacific
v^oast. ~.
LBERT MIL
//_\\ LER, resent
ii — A of the Unlr
_ ver sl l y of
California, founder
of ;the San Fran
cisco Savings Un
ion, and ? one of the
most prominent metf
of affairs on the Pa
cific Coast, passed
away early yester
day morning at his
residence, on the
northwest corner of
Fourteenth and Un
ion streets, Oakland,
after a week of se
rious illness.
The death of Mr.
Miller removes from
the community one
of the leaders of the
commercial, finan
cial and industrial
activity of Califor
nia. For half a cen
tury he had been
prominently identi
fied with the devel
opment of many of
the largest enter
prises of the State.
He had a master
genius for the hand
ling of great pro
jects. He was the
father of the sav
ings bank system of
Ca 1 ifornia, having
MARTIN WESTLAKE IS
HALED INTO COURT
SACRAMENTO. April 16.— Martin West
lake, who is accused of the murder of
Watts last month, and his brother Frank,
arrested at the same time, were In the
Justice's Court this morning in connec
tion with a charge of felony embezzle
ment. Frank was arraigned on the charge
last week and his hearing set for this
morning, but owing to the inability of the
defense to reach certain witnesses, a con
tinuance was granted until next Monday.
Martin was brought in to plead to 'the
charge. He pleaded not guilty, and .the
case was set for Wednesday of next week.
The Westlakes are accused of selling two
of a lot of. horses they were engaged* to
drive from Chico to Franklin Just after
the murder. There is a previous convic
tion against Frank on a charge of per
jury. . Martin is awaiting i trial on the
charge of murde" '
CAPE NOME
TBAMSPOHTAHON COMPANIES.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
! t FOR THE
te^ CAPE NOME
| PH| GOLD FIELDS.
Tn* Now %r.-l Palatial 9t*e? Ste*asaht»
i SEIST-A-TOPi.
I WIU Sail From Saa Fraaciaco MAT lltafar Ux«
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Vl* (Seattle, leans* User* May Vth. 3u&*»-
«ueat trie* will b« frosa Seatii* direct, naaety:
June a»C Jot* «at US' l Auzust SZth. Piiaea-
r*r» are «drU*d to tnscect ta« Senator beta?*
Mue&aiin* ticket* Tt* otiser «teaaaer». aa hsr
ii-osd-cUsJ asd steerae* accomiac<iatkins «r»
¦no«rlor u> tb« Orst-elasa acccmmodaiioo* aa
mat of Us* «teamer» adxertlaed for Nam*.
Thm Pacific Ct»«t SteaauH!? Ccnspaay h*s be«a
roastcc It* »t«*mer» to AU«»- wlatsr aaa
ioSaer-fsr » T**" md U tin Ploa«<r P»-
rise Coajt lOae. For further iaformarloa la-
%fn rtJ- F- TROWBRnXJE. Oceaa Dock.
£ittl«7 Waaa. N. FO3TO.V. ZO Washlnjpa
iLTPortlasd. Or. W. PARRIS. Vli West 3*«-
XXXS * OX. Oa. Ar«eta, 4 N«w Ifcantjomarr
iuT or 13 itiie: i -. 3aa mstijow Cai
GIVEN KNOCKOUT
DROPS AND ROBBED
Young Tanner Nearly Dies From the
Effects of a Drug Minis
tered to Him.
SACRAMENTO. April If.— TV. C. Mont
gomery, a young farmer who lives near
Acampo, had a narrow escape from death
yesterday as a result of having been dosed
with "knockout drops" irl a disorderly
house on lower L street. He was picked
up in an unconscious condition near the
railroad depot late yesterday afternoon
arid taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where he was treated by the city physi
cian. Montgomery said that he had $105
when he went into the house, but did not
have a cent when he came out. The police
are investigating the matter.
The police this afternoon took Anita Se
quard and Blanche Rotisier. notorious
French women. Into custody, and will hold
them pending an Investigation. Mont
gomery was In their company for a time
yesterday afternoon.
?
CONFESSION WAS BOGUS.
George Wilson Not So Bad as He De
clared Himself to Be.
LOS ANGELES. April 16.— George Wil
son, the youthful burglar who was arrest
ed here for burglary and Identified as the
boy who held up W. H. Monroe at Mon
rovia, was to-day sentenced to twelve
years' imprisonment at San Qucntln by
Judge Smith. The lad had made a con
fession In which he claimed to have
assaulted a man at Oakland and killed a
tramp at Whlttler, besides committing
numerous other crimes, but 'to-day he
confessed that the confession was bogus.
He had been reading dime novels and
wanted to be considered a bad man.
Death of J. M. Dillard
Epecial Dl*p«tch to The CalL
ROSEBURG. Or.. April 16.— J. M. DII
lartS, an old and respected pioneer of this
county and the founder of the town of
Dillards. died at his home at this place
to-day. He leaves a widow and several
grown children. \ - ¦" ".
HOUSE BEGINS
CONSIDERATION
OF NAVAL BILL
Measure Carries More Than
Any Previous Appropria
tion for Warships.
Both the Chaimaa. and the Sank
ing Minority Member of the
Ccauaitte* Urg« Its
Passage.
"WASHINGTON. April 15.— The House
to-day entered upon the consideration cf
the naval appropriations with a prospect
of a severe struggle ahead over the ques
tion of armor plate, the building of ships
Jn Government yards and the provision
In the bill for the coast geod-?Uc survey.
The bill carries $12,000,000 more than any
previous naval bill.
To-day Foss. the acting chairman, and
Cursmings. the ranking minority member
cf t!te committee, defended the bilL Th»
latter declared himself In favor of paying
%'JZ for Krupp armor, at least until all
the ships authorized were built, and said
that the committee bad information, the
were* of which he was no* at liberty to
reveal, showing that we could obtain
Krepp armor at a price lower than any
other country in the world.
Kitchin of North Carolina, one of the
members who signed the minority report,
criticized what he termed the. general ex
travajrance cf the bill and advocated the
establishment of a Government armor
plat* factory to protect the Government
ara.in.et extortion.
rearing th» debate Cumrnlngs raised a
burst of applause by stating that he be
lieved in keeping the army and navy in
the Philippines as long as a single rebel
defied, the authority of the United States.
"Bet when we have conquered them.
he added. "I am in favor of treating them
as ¦»« propose to treat Cuba. On the
•whole. I think the Filipinos were more
gallant than the Cubans and certainly de
serve as fair treatment."
Toss Explains the BUI.
Some difficulty arose In connection with
the attempts to secure an agreement for
closing general debate. Foss. acting chair
man cf the Naval Committee, svggested
seven hours on a side. Underwood cf Ala
bama and Wheeler of Kentucky thought
there should be some general debate on
the live topics raised in the bill when read
ior amendment. This was especially true.
Underwood thought, regarding the ques
tion of armor plate. That question had
been vexing Congress for several years
an<2 !t was important that it should be
settled and 6«tt!ed right. All efforts to
tecur.e an agreement failed and the House
went into conunittee of the whole. Payne
cf New York In she chair, with an fn
deScite period for general debate ahead.
Foss maii 1 a general preliminary speech.
In opening Foss paid a tribute to Boutelle
of Maine, chairman of the committee,
whose Illness prevented him attending the
cessions of the House since the Christmas
holidays. The bill. Foss explained, carried
a total appropriation of 5a.200.0Q0. the
largest naval appropriation bill ever re
ported to an American Congress. After
*>xp!ainlr:g the various items of the bill
Foe? said:
We axe bulJ£l=r for peace: we *r* t c!l ¦!!=«•
rot to provoke war. bat to ccnaerre Interna
tional conscrd: we are bulKir.g !n order that
tt« cxiicsa may take waxalnjr that U Aaert-
EARLY HEARING
FOR KENTUCKY'S
ELECTION CASES
The United States Supreme
Court Names April 30 as
the Day.
Counsel for Both Taylor and Beck
ham Appeal to the Justices
Against Undue
volving the Kentucky Governorship were ''
docketed in the United States Supreme
Court to-day. A brief in which the coun
sel for Taylor and Beckham joined was
filed at the same time asking for an early
hearing. In this agreed statement it ia
set forth that both Taylor and Beckham
as Governor, John Marshal as Lieutenant
Governor on the Republican side and L.
H. Carter as President pro tern, of the
Senate and John B. Castleman as Adju
tant General on the Democratic side are
each and all claiming the right to and
actually attempting to exercise the pow
ers of the respective offices severally
claimed by them, thus producing great
confusion in Kentucky by reason of
doubts as to which of the persons named
has the lawful right to exercise the au
thority pertaining to the several offices
named, all to the great injury and detri
ment of the people of the State.
Bruce presented a statement of- facts
and the court set the case for a hearing
on the 30th inst., granting each side four
hours for argument. While Bruce was
making his statement the Chief Justice
asked him if he did not expect the ques
tion of jurisdiction to be raised and
whether he did not expect a motion to
dismiss. Bruce replied both were prob
able, but there was such confusion in the
State that all were anxious for a decision
during the present term of court, and the
course undertaken was the only one prac
ticable. He added:
"If the court should sustain the motion
to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction that re
sult would, -of course, end the contro
versy. If the opinion on such motion
should be adverse to dismissal It would
probably be too late to hear the case on
Its merits."
After Bruce concluded this statement
the case was assigned. -?• t
ramento forty-eight years ago on the oc
casion of the first May day festival held
west of the Mississippi River.
Elaborate preparations are being made
for the entertainment of visitors to the
city during the week of the fair, fully £>.
000 being expected.
Waiter Shoots Himself.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 15.— Frank
CalLace. a waiter in a restaurant, shot
himself with a revolver, the ball entering
under the jaw and passing out through
the bridge of his nose. He left home yes-
terday afternoon to go to the springs, and
returned about 10 o'clock last evening. His
wounded organs of speech are paralyzed,
and as he cannot read or write there Is no
way of determining whether the shot was
accidental or otherwise. The wound is
not necessarily fatal.
«
No Exposition for Toledo.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. April 15.— The Ohio
Legislature adjourned to-day. Among
other legislation killed by the adjourn
ment was the million-dollar appropriation
for the Toledo exposition. ... .-_
SACRAMENTO AT WORK
ON THE STREET FAIR
Streets Bordering the Capitol Now
Closed to Traffic and Carpen
ters at Work on Booths.
SACRAMENTO, April 15.— Beginning
this morning the work preparatory to the
Sacramento street fair, which takes placo
April 30 to May 3. will be put. through
with a rush. The streets bordering the
Capitol grounds, to the north and the
south, have been closed to travel and sev
eral booths have already been erected.
To-day the force of men at work on
booths has been quadrupled. Many of
them will be very elaborate in design and
it is expected that every foot of space on
L and X streets from Tenth to Fifteenth
street will be taken. The work on the
arches is being pushed along rapidly and
a fair Idea of the elaborateness of their
design can be obtained. In addition to
the booths along the two. streets men
tioned. th«> Midway la to extend across
the grounds, opposite Thirteenth street.
The throne of the May queen, which will
be an imposing affair, will be at the mid
dle point of the Midway, and opposite it
will be the main grand stand, capable of
holding 2500 people.
The May queen contest Is to close this
week. The leader. Miss May McAdams.
hae something over aOOO votes, and her
nearest competitor. Miss Rebecca Elliott,
nearly 3OA
It Is planned to have In the May day
procession, in a carriage directly follow
ing that of the May aueen. Mrs. H. W.
Brairg. who acted as May queen at Sac-
THE LATE ALBERT MILLER.
Europe, returning in ISTO completely re
stored to health. He was at the head of
the Atlantic Dynamite Company, the
Giant Powder Company and the Judsoa
Powder Company for years. He was also
the organizer of the Presidio and Ferries
Railroad and had large Interests In the
Paciflc Surety Company.
During the past ten or fifteen years Mr.
Miller had given special attention to the
development of some expensive electric
and gas lighting enterprises. The Pacific
Gas Improvement Company and the Pa
cific Lighting Company were created by
him.
Mr. Miller became Identified with the
University of California In ISS3. when he
was appointed a regent by Governor Bart
lett to fill an unexpired term. Later he
was reappointed for the full term of six
teen years, and for eleven years he had
given constant attention to the affairs of
the university, most of that time bein?
a member of the finance committee, of
which at the time of his death he was
acting chairman.
In 1554 Mr. Miller was married In San
Francisco to Miss .Mary Ann Kendall.
Eight children were born to them, of
whom seven survive. b«ing: Mrs. John B.
Mboon. Mis? Annie Miller. H. M. A. Mil
lar. Harr*- East Miller. C. O. G. Miller,
Horace H. Miller and Paul L. Miller.
Mrs. Miller also survives.
Mr. Miller had be<en slowly arransin?
his affairs to retire from active life. Dur
ing his last illness he was attended by r>r.
LlH<?ncrantz. The announcement for the
funeral will not be made until to-morrow.
the San Francisco
Building and Loan
Association, the earliest savings institu
tion of San Francisco.
To Mr. Miller's skill as a financier was !
mainly due the superb success of the San
Francisco Savings Union, established In
1562, of which he had been first vice presi
dent and then president. His life was |
marked by a steadfast devotion to a j
standard of principle which was as high
as human mind could establish.
Born February 12, 1523. In the little town
of Peine. KlngrdAjn of Hanover, Germany.
Mr. Miller descended from a long^ line of
ancestors of rank an. l estate, but who.
like many others, forfeited all during
the religious wars of the fifteenth cen
tury. In his youth Mr. Miller was j^iven
a liberal education in the schools of Ger
many. He studied English and French.,
and later adopted a commercial career.
takirsc a course of trair»insr at a famous
commercial college at Braunschweig.
There he laid the foundation which en
abled him In later life to so successfully
org-anize and carry into execution the
tarse business enterprises with which
his name has been connected in this coun
try-
At the ape of 20 Mr. Miller came to the
United States, arriving in San Francisco
in ISSI. after staying- three years in New
York. Eisht years later he was at the
head of the San Francisco Savings Union.
During: the troublous days In which the
Vte-ilantes restored order to the city. Mr.
Miller was one of their leaders.
During the early years of his activity
Mr. Miller's health broke down, and In
IS€7, with his family, he made a tour of
East Indian Natives Sell Their Daughters
Into Slavery for the Price of One
STARVING M ILLIONS
ARE WITHOUT HOPE
— — OS* —¦ »
IS A MARVELOUS SUCCESS.
STORE CROWDED ALL DA
Our system cf a sale suits the
people because we give them just
what we advertise.
It won't take long to close out
our last year's stock if the rush con-
tinues as it started.
We will fill our bargain counters
every morning with fresh goods.
LOOK AT OUR PRICES!
THAT'S WHAT TELLS!
WA2TTED— 2O extra clerks dur-
ing this sale.
WE HAVE
NO BRANCH STORES.
Have Consolidated All Our Business
in Our I«arge Store in the
Phelan Building.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
PHELAN BUILDING-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1900.
REBELS ATTACK
A GARRISON, BUT
ARE DEFEATED
One Hundred and Six Are
Killed at Batoo, North
Ilocos.
Becruiting Post in the Villagfe of
Eenauth Is Burned , and the
Entire Garrison Is
Dispersed.
MANILA. April 17.— General Young re
ports that 3Cw insurgent riflemen and bolo
men attacked the American garrison at
Batoo, province of North Ilocos. yester-
day. but were repulsed, losing 105 men.
The Americans had no casualties.
Captain Dodd, with a squadron of the
Third Cavalry, recently surrounded a vil
lase in Renmuth Province and surprised
20<) insurgents living. ln barracks and ap
parently serving as the recruiting center
for the province. The enemy lost flfty
three men killed, while our troops also
captured forty-four men and burned the
village. One American was wounded.
MAJOR CASE'S BATTALION
DRIVES BACK REBELS
MANILA. April 17. 10:15 a. m.-New3 has
Just reached here that at sunrise. April
7. 1150 natives, 150 armed with rifles and
the rest with botos. attacked Major
Case's battalion. Fortieth Infantry, sta
tioned at Cagayan, Mindanao. The rebels
were commanded by Tagalog and Mora
leaders and many were on horseback.
They surprised the outpost and swarm
ed into the streets of the town. Some
used scaling ladders in attempts to climb
into American headquarters. There was
much excitement for a time, but the
troops soon rallied, and, reinforced by
residents. repeatedly charged the insur
gents. Seven were killed about head
quarters and fifty fell dead in the plaza.
The Insurgents were finally routed and
fled to the mountains. The American*
lost three killed and twelve wounded. In
cluotng; a captain, who was removed tv
the hospital ship Relief.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HI IlililniiMl UilSl nEsi Out-of-town orders filled — write for samples and self-measuring P
3
ON' THE ROAD TO THE RELIEF HOUSE— A SCRAMBLE FOR LEAK
AGE.JAILBREAK
VERY NEARLY
CONSUMMATED
Watchfulness of SheriS Pre
vents Success of the
Plans.
Sixteen Men in the Kedding- County
Jail Nearly Gain Their Liberty
by Sawing Through the
Bars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, April 16.— An outbreak or
the sixteen prisoners in the County Jail
was luckily prevented this morning. \V hen
caught the men were in the act of saw
ingr through the window bars.
Owing to the unusual quietness during
the paat few days of several hard char
acters the officials became suspicious.
Their watchfulness prevented the suc
cessful consummation of the plan to breas
jail. When first watched this morning
the prisoners took no unusual action. It
was believed they were afraid to proceed
owing to the presence of a recent arrival
in the person of J. F. \V. Davis, a noto
rious vagrant. Davis Was removed under
a slight pretext. The watch was then re
newed from a point in the courtroom
overlooking the Jail. Immediately after
the removal of Davis the men went to
work. Under Sheriff Richardson man
aged to reach the workers before they
could b© warned by companions. Tha
saw was in the hands of R. B. Diller.
awaiting sentence upon a conviction of
highway robbery-
The Jail windows have steel bars on
each side of the sill. The bars are three
quarters of an inch in diameter. Tha
prisoners had sawed completely through,
the upper end of the two outer bars and
nearly through the lower end of the sam<a
bars. They were sawing on one of tha
inner bars when caught. The work could
have been completed in an hour.
As the men are locked In cells at night.
It is believed they intended to
make their escape during the noon
hour. It Is believed the saw used.
was stolen from a workman recently em
ployed in placing a steel lining in the Jail.
Of the prisoners four were to be sen
tenced Saturday. Two are under convic
tion of highway robbery, one of murder
In the second degTee and one had pleaded
guilty to grand larceny.
SANTA CRUZ Mountalns-A quiet ranch, five-
miles from Santa Cruz: dellshtful summer
heme in redwoods; running water: abundance
wr'n™^ 1 . 1 ". 1"'/1 "'/, 15 M week - Address
W. CRANDELL, Santa Cruz. CaL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
5
SzugEßd
And a clear complexion are desired by
every woman and admired by every man.
'?¦¦ Eruptions, pim-
33TTTTyTyyi > pies and similar
1 1 J&s& lii ' blemishes are
Mv-^C^fi/l caused by an im-
fc^T-^t jy ' pure condition of
VT/f — 'w^tj/i ' i skin blemishes
jraS" \l are permanently
rii\ yg y. ' removed by the
1 UtjoC * > M ' ': \ ' useof Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical
Discovery which
thoroughly puri-
fies the blood and
cures the cause of
the disease.
"For about one
year and a half my
face was badly
broken out," writes
Miss Carrie Adams,
of 1 16 West Main St.,
Battlecreek, Mich.
« I 6pent a great deal
of money with doc-
tors and for different
kinds of medicine,
but received no bene-
fit. At last I read
one of your adver-
tiscments in a paper,
and obtained a bottle
•" of Doctor Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. Before I had taken
one bottle of thi* medicine I noticed a change,
and after taking three bottles I was entirely
cured. '.*.":•¦
Free. The Common Sense Medical
Adviser iooS pages, is sent free on re-
ceipt of stamps to cover expense of mail-
ing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for
paper covered book, or 31. stamps for
cloth binding. Address, Doctor R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. V,
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And . • .
SodaJJpring's.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located Is the midst of grand and Impressive
mountain scenery with Mt. Shasta
and the Crags for a
background.
FINE HUNTING AND FISHINO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason*
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip, Including
sleeper both ways, $14.00.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-«
dress: E. B. PIXLEY. Manager,
Care Pacific Improvement Company,
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
Del Norte County Bank.
The Del Norto County Bank was re
cently organized at Crescent City with a>
capita] of $25,000. all of which has been
paid up. Yesterday the State Bank Com
missioners granted the directors of tha
new bank a license to carry on business.
MAKES "WOMANLY EFFORT TO REA CH HUBBY'S HEAR:
MRS. NEILL FEINTS FOR AN OPENING.
AN UNDERDONE
ASSORTMENT OF
SADDLE ARTISTS
Glaring Exhibitions of Bad
Horsemanship Daily at
Tanforan.
Only Two Favorites Finish in Front.
True Blue in Bare Form — Mori
nel Wins Easily at
15 to 1.
It almost surpasses belief to think that
all of the uncouth exhibitions of jockey
thlp witnessed day after day at Tan
foran Park are due to incompetency. It
requires a wide stretch of imagination to
figure out how Hosormonde and Constel
lator could be easily beaten at a mile cov
ered in 1:43U,. Still such a thing hap
pened. In the third ovent Mortgage.
Itosormonde, ConsteUator and Flamora
furr.lshcd Quite a betting affair, with the
first named lilly the favorite. Flamora re
fused to break and was left. Mortgage
went out in the lead, stepping the first
quarter in :2S, with Ames astride Rosor
xnonde and Mounce on the Boots colt tak
ing their mounts back. When the stretch
was reached both had been choked to
death and Mortgage walked home. Each
of the riders mentioned should be sent to
pome institution for refractory youths,
for their place is not in the saddle.
This was one of many shoddy rides
which can be viewed race after race.
Only two first choices managed to strug
gle to the rla.te in advance of their fields,
and the talent seemed thankful for even
this slight offering.
The first event, a five and a half furlong
selling run. was a veritable Cakewalk for
May Gertrude. Nealon's fast filly closed
a 7 to 10 favorite, and running over Kitty
Kelly through the strttch won in a gal
lop. March Seven, a5O to 1 shot, finished
third.
Twelve Ptarted in the kindergarten
event, with Scotch Belle ruling a 11 to 5
favorite. She k-d into the stretch and
then fell back. Chaste looked a winner to
within a few yards cf the wire, where
lvOgue on the 9 to 1 chance Irate came
with a rush under punishment, scoring by
a head. Show honors fell to Girly Ducat,
a 30 'to 1 shot.
Corrigan's mare Chimura was returned
winner of the mile and a furlong run,
starting a 6 to 5 favorite. Trailing old
Captive into the stretch fhe assumed con
trol, leading out Gauntlet in a drive. Op
ponent, the second choice, ran fourth.
Sly, if his showing in the six-furlong
pprint is any criterion, has gone back
frightfully. Dan Hanion's fast mare ruled
favorite, and though Ross beat the gate
with her. he took her back, and she never
after looked dangerous. True Blue, at
odds of 7 to 2. won galloping from Cormo
rant.
Then followed the unexpected win of
Morincl in the closing mile selling affair.
Coming from away back in the .stretch,
the little mare beat Donator and the fa
vorite Catastrophe in a gallop.
Track Notes.
Friday ¦will he closins day at Tanforan.
Oakland will reopen the day following.
Just as Starter Caldwell sent the field of
two-year-olds away Moonbright fell, giv
ing Huiz a hard fall. This makes the third
time the filly has met with a like accl
dont.
The numbrr of bookmakers laying prices
was reduced to twelve at yepterday's cut
in. Fred Pesch and his crew left for the
East last evening.
J. Tianoh and Buchanan each succeeded
in placing a couple of winners over the
line.
To-Day's Entries.
F'.rrt Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
<lC7;)Rol!lck 113; 10T<5 Ft. Rica" 110
.... ni Oriente 108 1 10*0 Ada X 3W
lto>U Cartiee 100 ICS9 Ada Fox 100
Fecond Race — Five and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up; selling.
10«7 George Miller.. lft' IKC Beaumcnde ....IPS
1032 Ricardo .' 100' IHI Aluminum If*
X* CJarando 95' SWI Blue Bell ..103
irs Mike Rice 104 1052 Polka 93
IK7 Gold 'Baron SI: I*3B Sorrow Sg
10^7 Pt. ApoliinariK.ll2 i 10S4 Don Luis 100
V> Pallte Goodwin. SS, 942 Gonua 95
3:<:,ld Dug ir>s: &W Yule SS
1006 Harry Ccrby....ld'
Third Race— Sir furlongs; maiden three
year-olds.
JOSS Kdgardd 10*' 10SS Reg-Id Hughes. m?
955 Dreadna'ght 11.112 M!'B Artllla 117
KM Young Morello.Ul |fi3l Ft. Germain. ...W9
1074 Illilouette K'7 ICSS SarsfieM 109
IOSh Palatine 119
Fourth Race— One mile; three-year-olds; sell
ing.
loss La Borgia IC3 10SS Rio Shannon. ..ir3
1071 Tlzona 3«7 IC3I I.«-tirer iro
1065 M'-nt Eagle lOC IOCo Choteau 10s
I^3 r.-pftome 10S IWI Sunello 105
<1071)I?allne 103 OCBi)Maydine 103
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; rurse.
€H Imp. Mißtral.-.1lJ 1 1102 Prsmpino 105
1091 Klckumbob .... 97 3C« Sardine 82
*Ctt R*P>4° m
Rlxth Rac»»— Mile and a sixt*«nth; four-year
olds and up; celling.
IP!>7,R<» Harpy l p 2 IT3 TVfianee lot
«.« Joe Mupsle 11". l<"-73 Henry C 10J
JOT Bl'y M'Closkey.l<i> 1W Miss Soak 103
ir*7 R.-many lfl I<*l Bly 109
1C73 Fashion Plate.. W PKS Viking na
La France 110! SS7 Hnhenlohe K»
innj Twlnkl*- Twtnk.Utfi 3073 Ace 105
'. J7O An-obat 112! 347 Deerfoot 105
I«4 Mary Ktnwlla. .103'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY,' APRIL 17, 1900.
PUGILIST AL NEILL AND HIS PRETTY BRIDE
SWAP GENTLE LOVE TAPS WITH THE MITTS
" v^A '
Paso Robles
Hot Springs.
OTTO E. NEVER. PROPRIETOR.
MOST /VOTED MINERAL
SPRINGS IN AMERICA.
Famous Sand, Mud. Sulphur and Soda
Baths. Curative powers unexcelled. Not
alone for Invalids, but a place of rest and
pleasure for the sick and well. Elegant hot?l
accommodations. Rates. Including boar>l.
lodging, use of baths and advice of resident
physician, $10 to $2t
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
No. »4i> Market Street, San Francisco.
Tel. Red 2336. 7
PAR4ISO DOT SPRINGS, Carls A^ r o ,J a .
Monterey County. CaL — For healtX rent,
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-dat*
accommodations: beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electrics
taths; «wlmminjr t*nk 3OsSO feet. Our masaeurs
are all graduate*. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren* playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall; large hotel and 30 cottases. afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets, San Francisco. 9 a. m. : F'.rst and
Broadway, Oakland. 9:10 a. m. daily for Sole-
dad, then by stase ovsr beautiful level road 7
mile* to springs. Round-trio tickets 13. at 3
X of.ice. «13 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. Fcr Illustrated pamphlet* «ad fur-
ther Information address E. U PERRAULT.
M." D.. proprietor and resident pbyxlclaa.
VICHY' SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah. Mendoclr.o County
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place in the world of thl« claas of wat<>.-«
having continuous flow of natural warm w->.:-»*
direct from springs to bathtub». Lov-iy
grounds: fishing and hunting: crystal sprins:;
accommodations and table first clasa on-'i
April 13th. v
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Proprietors.
SKAfiH^ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OIXrtUUO County; only «i$ hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staffing; waters noted for medicinal vtrtuss-
best natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams at door: telephone
telegraph: daily mail and express- FIRstI
CLAPS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE*
morning and afternoon stages; round trin ' P ™
San Francisco only $5 5a Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. ta. cr 3:30 p. m. Terms. |3 a dayor
fl2 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five yearn: patronage constantly Increasing ¦
J- P. MTTLGREW. Proprietor.
X?- TOCALOMA, "S"
dafo^^^ra^-A;^
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSET'Ii vTIIKSX.
A Competitive Drill.
The military department of the Colum
bia Park Boys' Club will hold a competi
tive drill for the championship of the
corps to-morrow evening in Hoover Hall,
corner of Market and Tenth streets. Four
companies will participate, and the vic
torious company will be awarded a hand
some flag-. An excellent 'programme has
been arranged.
Ocean View Police Station.
Chief of Police Sullivan, accompanied by
Captain James AY. Gillin of the Mission
district, visited Ocean View police sta
tion yesterday, and after making an ex
amination of the old rookery left orders
to have It repaired. The building and
grounds are void of sewers, proper ventil
ation or light.
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Rollick. Ada N., El Oriente.
Second race— Genua, Gold Baron, Sorrow.
Third race— Dreadnaught 11, Illilouette, St.
Germain.
Fourth race— Maydine. Isallne, la. Borgia.
Fifth race— Sardine, Pompino, Imp. Mistral.
Blxth race— Acrobat, Twinkle Twink, Fashion
Plate.
DERBY PROVES
AN EASY THING
FOR FLORIZAR
Tennessee Classic Decided
Over a Track Deep
With Mud.
Racing- Under Conditions Not to His
Liking, F. W. Brode Outfoots
The Conqueror for Sec
ond Place.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 16.— Under
threatening skies and on a muddy track
H. Seroggman's colt, Florizar. by imp.
Florist-Charina II, to-day won the rich
Tennessee Derby at a mile and an eighth
in a gallop from John F. Schorr's F. W.
Brode, which beat H. Tomlinson & Co'.s
The Conqueror for the place by a length.
The race, which was worth $7000 to the
winner, was run in two minutes flat, good
time on a track so heavy as that of to
day. More than 10.000 persons visited
Montgomery Park to see the Derby and
five other races. Results:
Six furlongs, purse. Nobleman won, ShllllnR
burn second,- Hood's Brigade third.- Time, 1:17%.
Four furlongs, selling. Harry Pulliam won,
Darlene second. Zack Ford third. Time, :S1\4.
Six furlongs, purse, Himtime won. Maud Wal
lace second, Tom Collins third. Time, 1:17%.
One and an eighth miles, the Tennessee Der
by Florizar 122 (Vandusen), 8 to 1, won; F.
\V. Erode, 122 (T. Hums). 2 to 1 and 7 to 10,
second; The Conqueror, 122 (AVinkfleM). 3 to 1,
third.- Time, 2:00. Arthur Behan and Thrive
also ran.
Five furlongs, purse, Garry Hermann won,
Odnor Fecond. Sllverdale third. Time. 1:01.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling. Compensa
tion won. Evelyn Bird second, Chopin third.
Time, 1:51%.
NEW YORK, April 18.— The racing sea
son in Xew York State was formally
opened to-day by the Queens County
Jockey Club at Aqueduct. The largest
with the gloves. AH these exercises she
does with the grace possessed only by a
woman. There is nothing in her actions
that looks "tomboylsh." She has simply
taken up athletics with a view to preserv
ing her health and gaining strength.
Her husband Is. delighted with his wife s
fondness for athletics and aids her in every
way. Al has taught his better half to
punch the bag, and now she is as pro
ficient in that healthful exercise as her
clever husband. He has also taught her
to use her hands, duck and side-step, and
as a result his apt pupil is keeping him
busy blocking swings and Jabs. It now
has become part of Nelll's dally exercise
*jpp L NEILL, the Pacific Coast cham-
II \ plon middle-weight, who Is to de-
II — \ fend his title against Tim Murphy,
champion of Australia, has in his
wife a sparring partner of no mean abil
ity. Mrs. Neill Is an all-round athlete
and handles her dainty hands with the
skill of a practical boxer and can deliver
a blow that would do credit to many of
the boxers now In the ring. She Is a
handsome specimen of the California girl.
She Is about 5 feet 10 inches in height and
weighs 155 pounds. She is an expert
swimmer, can row a boat, run like a deer,
ride a wheel, punch the bag and is clever
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. SOLLMANN, Naja Soda Springs P. a
Time— .i. :£6H: %. - :M)V. !£.** 1:1«H ; * mile, - 1 :42K. . Good Ptart. Won easily, second and third
drlvinc. Winner, M. Storn'g b. m.. by Morello-Sunllt. Morlnel may Improve now. Dona
tor ha* .recovered. . Catastrophe late. Caedale a wonder. . llontallade quit this day.
Scratched— Bonlbel Sfi. Aliens*. 31. ¦ . ¦'- ¦¦'..
Mrs. Shade Visits Seven Pines.
Mrs. Julia P. Shade of Philadelphia, na
tional president of the Ladies of the Grand
Army, who arrived In this city last Satur
day on a tour of' inspection of the circles
of the • order in the West, was a visitor
last night to Seven "Pines, Circle, in the
Alcazar building. She was welcomed by:
President Mrs. Lizzie Whitesides after be
ing received with the honors due her rank.
During the evening the visitor delivered
an address, as also did National Senior
Vice President Mrs. Belinda S.- Bailey and
National Junior Vice President' Mrs- Pau
line'"\Villi3..=• After the meeting a reception
was tendered Mrs. Shade. •
I IOU. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: four-year-olila and upward; purse, $400.
"Scorchers" Discharged.
Bmanuel \ Mayer, Charles Kaden. Fred
Smith, Joe Espinosa, Joe Greenan, Robert
McGillen and George Mahan, the . seven
boys arrested in Golden Gate Park or.
Sunday by the cycle "cops," Ahem and
Birdsall. for "scorching," appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday. The Judge repri
manded the boys and dismissed '¦ the'
cases after warning them that no leniency
would be shown in the future. The Judge
said he would consult Chief Sullivan as to
not detaining boys charged with petty of
fenses in prison or. arrange to have a
special cell for them in order that they,
would not be compelled to associate with
hardened offenders. , ' - .
Good
Returns
If Placed
With
Sdntli American Secnrity Go.
- 214 PINE STREET, 8. F., CAL.
Accounts- of $10 and Upward Received.
OLYMPIC SWIMMERS TO
ENTERTAIN THE LADIES
¦'The swimming section of the Olympic
Club will hold a ladies* night on Friday
evening. George James, the club captain,
has prepared a programme which will
surely please the fair ones. The Arlels
and the Olympics will play an exhibition
gair.e of polo-; Sid and Percy Cavill, • the
famous swimmers, will pro through their
thrilling life-saving act: there will be high
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK. Monday, April 16. 1300.— Weather fine. Track fast
NIUDSPRINCS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Mgra.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates, $10. $12 and $14 per week.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing In Ballroom every evening: George
W. Watson. Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery street.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER. SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oakland:
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKLE, 620 Post
street, San Francisco.
CYCLISTS TO HOLD
ANNUAL CONVENTION
The annual convention of the California
Associated Cyclists will be held this even-
Ing in the rooms of the Olympic Club. All
cyclists are granted the privilege to at
tend the convention, but the right to vote
is vested only in the club delegates who
will be present from various parts of the
State,
At a meeting of the board of governors
of the association held in this city on
March 3 the constitution and by-laws were
amended changing the name to "Califor
nia Associated Cyclists"; abandoning all
control of track racing and recognizing
the National Cyclists' Association for rac
ing purposes, but retaining control of road
racing; also abolishing the board of gov
ernors and reducing the fee of clubs from
$10 to $5 a year. The desire is to have all
clubs unite and all cyclists not in clubs
to become members. It Is hoped that au
tomobillsts will also be admitted.
The officers of the association are: Pres
ident, Paul M. Nippert; vice president, J.
A. Woodson, Sacramento; second vice
president, T. D. Whitman; secretary.
Stanley G. Scovern; treasurer, T. G. Spil
lane.
crowd in the history of the track was
on' hand. It was estimated at about 8000
persons. The weather was fine and the
track fast. The Carter handicap was the
feature of the day. Box, well handled by
Jockey Danny Maher, won cleverly after
a drive through the stretch with Boney
Boy, The Kentuckian and Modrine. Box
was well backed at 8 to 1. while the others
ranged from that up to 40 to 1. Results:
Five furlongs, selling. Her Ladyship won,
Harry Reed second, Sir Christopher third. Time,
1:01 2-5.
Four and a half furlongs, selling. William
McK. won. The Regent second, Educate third.
Time, :£6 2-6.
Five and a half furlongs, selling:. Cupidity
won. Native eecond. Elfin Conlg third. Time,
1:03 S-5.
About seven furlongs, the Carter handicap.
Box won, Boney Boy second. The Kentuckian
third. Time. 1:26.
Abut seven furlongs, pelllnc. Skyscraper won,
Tyrashena second. Sweet Caporal third. Time,
1:27.
Four and a half furlongs, Ondurdis won, Ken
ilworth second, Tonlcum third. Time, :56 2-5.
FIELD DAY FOR AMERICANS.
Seven Winners Ridden by Yankee
Jockeys in England.
LONDON, April IC— The American
Jockies repeated to-day their success of
Saturday last at the Kempton Easter
meet and the Birmingham Easter meet
ing. At Kempton Park Martin. opened by
winning the Ashford selling plate on Mor
ganite, and was followed by J. Reiff, who
finished first for the Queen's plate with
Chevening. Sloan was third In this race
on Solitaire.
Martin won the Richmond Park Easter
handicap on Full Ripe. Sloan was second
with Plaudes. V J
The Rothschild welt«r handicap was
captured by Disguise 11, ridden by Sloan.
At the Birmingham meeting Rigby won
the Holiday plate on Petcrsfleld 11, the
Easter selling plate on Resolute II and
the .Watatton plate on Isochemal.
REFUSED A LICENSE.
Coney Island Sporting Club Not to
Give Boxing Contests.
' NEW YORK, April 16.— The Board of
Police Commissioners to-day refused the
application of the Coney Island Sporting
Club, otherwise known as the Seaside
Athletic Club, for a permit from May 1 to
September 1, when the anti-boxing law
which was passed at the last session of
the Legislature will go into effect.
The application of this club for a re
newel or its license was the first to be re
ceived -by the Police Board, and the
board's action is taken as an indication
that all similar applications will be re
fused. . -
PUGILIST SLATER IS
STABBED IN THE BACK
Charles Slater, a prize-fighter, was
stabbed and fatally wounded last night by
an unknown man at the corner of Eddy
and Taylor streets. According to Slater's
story he was seated In a box at the Olym
pia Theater when two men, one of whom
is named Henry Donnelly, proceeded to
abuse him. Slater invited the pair into
the street, after threatening to send them
to the hospital. Donnelly, it Is claimed,
passed his companion a knife and prompt
ly acepted Slater's defiance. After the
trio reached the street Slater proceeded
to carry out his contract, when Donnelly's
companion lost courage and started up
Eddy street. Slater followed them, and at
Taylor street the man with the knife sud
denly wheeled around and stabbed the
prize-fighter in the back, the blade pene
trating his lung. After being cut Slater
struck Donnelly on the Jaw, knocking him
out. He tried to reach the man who had
stabbed him. but the latter took to his
heels and disappeared up Eddy street.
Slater started to. follow him, but fell
from the -loss of blood. Policeman Cole
man happened along at this Juncture, and
after having tho wounded man sent to the
Receiving Hospital went In search of Don
nelly and his companion. He found the
former within a short distance of the
scene of the cutting and. took him Into
custody. Up to a late. hour last night his
companion was not arrested. The sur
geons at the hospital express little hope
of Slater's recovery.
Donnelly, when questioned. • admitted
that he had met Slater in the Olympia, but
denied that there was any trouble be
tween them. He also declared that he had
not passed his knife to, the assailant of
the prize-fighter, as the police claim. He
was locked up in "the tanks" pending
further investigation.
Policemen Coleman and Harrlgan, late
last night arrested Jack Urady as the
man who did the cutting. Brady admitted
that he ntabbed Slater, but claimed he
acted in self-defense. He was charged at
the City Prison with assault to commit
murder and a similar charge was placed
against Donnelly. ' , V,-
and fancy diving by members of the club,
and Percy Cavill, the world's champion
swimmer, will make an attempt to lower
the quarter mile record. His brother, who
is swimming instructor of the club, will
pace him.
To-morrow evening teams "A" and "B"
will play their weekly water polo contest.
The teams are composed as follows: "A"
— C. Melrose (captain), D. Carroll, R.
Hartman, F. Hartman, F. Duran. T. Ken
nedy, D. Leary, H. Pfall and George
James. "B"— G. Hinkel (captain). G.
Croal, G. Habernlcht, Lester Hammer
smith, W. Wilder. H. Gallette. R. Dickey,
C. Clough, W. Byington and W. Leonard.
WILL LANGE
WEDS A BELLE
Impressive Ceremony at
St. Dominic's Last Even
ing Followed by a
Home Reception.
3T. DOMINIC'S CHURCH was
crowded with a fashionable assem
blage last evening to witness the
nuptials of Miss Grace Anna Glsel
man and William Alexander Lange.
The romantic attachment which culmin
ated in the ceremony last evening, the
well-known position in society of the bride
and the great popularity of the groom
attracted many to the church who were
not formally bidden to the wedding.
Pink and white blossoms arranged in
honor of the occasion made the church
beautiful, and countless white tapers lit
up the altar. Father Rourke, friend of
the bride and groom, officiated at the im
pressive ceremony.
To the strains of the wedding march
from "Lohengrin" the bridal party moved
to the altar. First came an altar boy
bearing a pillow, on which reposed the
wedding ring, and Immediately following
him were two other altar hoys bearing in
their arms long-stemmed St. Joseph lilies.
After the altar boys marched the six ush
ers, Frank H. Kerrigan, H. L. Day, N.
H. Eaton, J. M. Sullivan, W. McLaln and
James P. Sweeney. Miss Olivia M. Ver
don, maid of honor, preceded the bride,
who closed the procession leaning on the
arm of her father. Charles Lange, broth
er of the groom, officiated as best man.
The bride looked charming in a mag
nificent gown of cream-white satin. The
corsage was trimmed with a yoke of
shirred tulle and spray of orange blos
soms. The jupe was made en train and
perfectly plain.
Miss Verdon, the maid of honor, wore a
dainty gown of pink tulle over pink silk,
and Mrs. Giselir.an, the mother of the
bride, was attired In an elegant Parisian
gown of embroidered white silk over an
underdress of cerise tulle ruffles, orna
mented with garlands of roses.
Pretty features of the church ceremony
were the music, composed especially for
the occasion by Professor Robert Harri
son, and the reading Immediately at the
conclusion of the ceremony of the cable
gram conveying the congratulations of
the bride's brother, who is studying music
in I^ondon.
At the reception, which followed the
ceremony, at the residence of the bride's
parents. 1720 Golden Gate avenue, three
hundred guests were present. The pres
ents received by the young couple were
numerous and elaborate. Prominent
among the gifts was a complete set of
silver sent by the National League. Mr.
find Mrs. Lange are going south for a
bridal trip and on their return they will
take up their residence in the new house
being built for them adjoining the resi
dence of the bride's parents.
William Lange. the happy groom, Is
widely and popularly known as an ex
member of the Chicago baseball team. He
was considered one of the best fielders and
base runners in the profession, but retired
from the diamond when his engagement
to Miss Giselman was announced. It is
said his retirement was due to a request
from the lady who last evening became
his wife, and although many splendid of
fers have since been made him to again
re-enter the profession he has declined all.
Mr. Lange is now in the real estate and
insurance business.
Mrs. Lange is the only daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. William Giselman. and since her
debut.. in society has been a recognized
belle.
to box three rounds with his wife. Of
course, Al does not attempt to annihilate
her, but on several occasions he has had
to check her ardor by landing his gloved
hand on her head or body.
Mrs. Neill thinks it is not unwomanly
to engage in boxing. She says that It
has not only taught her how to protect
herself from Insult, but has made her
more agile on her feet and strengthened
her' considerably. In discussing the sub
ject yesterday she said:
"I have been a lover of athletics all my
life. When I was 7 years old I could
swim and dive. I have always been out
doors, taking long walks with my father
and friends, rowing boats or cycling. I
tralian he will wear it and carry the stars
and stripes to victory."
Al is training hard for his bout. He is
being handled by "Jack" Sullivan and Is
already in the pink of condition. He boxes
every afternoon with "Big" Russell, Fred
Muller and Toby Irwin, and no lovo taps
are exchanged. The young Callfomian
is a glutton for work and seems to never
tire. He claims that he Is hitting harder,
blocking better and Is faster on his feet
than he ever was in his career as a boxer.
Murphy is working hard at the Casino
and Is reported to be in splendid condi
tion. Experts who have seen him perform
look upon him aa a dangerous opponent
for Neill.
THB MIDDLE-WEIGHT BLOCKS A RIGHT.
have the greatest confidence In my hus
band and know that -he Is strong and
clever enough to. defeat any man he
meets.' I do everything In my pdwer to
aid him In his work and am delighted that
he has reached the top of the ladder.
Kvery morning I accompany him on my
wheel on his run to the ocean beach, and
in the afternoon I watch him at work
in the 'gym,' becauso it is interesting and
exciting.
"Do I think he will defeat his English
opponent? Well, if he doesn't it will be
my duty, as a Boer sympathizer, to know
the reason why. I have made him a beau
tiful belt out of the American colors, and
on the night of his battle with the Aus-
IOUS. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-old fillies; purse. $400.
Time— 3-16 -17' - 7-16 :41«4; j'4f, I:6"'A. Grod start. Won easily, second and third dnv
lnp Winner, J. C. NValon's eh. '? by El Rio Rey-Sylvla. Winner enjoyed a «rallop. Kitty
'Kelly will Improve. Nettle Clarke was backed down from long odds. Scratcned -Pan
dora 102, Mildred Hushes 102. IlHl.i"i';:te Vi. Bnna 102.
!«)!!!». SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling: two-year-old flllles; purse, $400.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Masniflcent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health. re«t and
recreation. Rates. |1! to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. 9. F.. » a.
m. and 2:43 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gllroy
for springs. For illustrated pamphlets address
It. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
Time ''i. :24; H. '¦*¦¦%¦ Good Ftart. Won first three driving. ' Winner, J. Naglee Burk's
eh. f.. by .ilriieo- Vivace. Irate swerved perceptibly at the close. Glrly Ducat sho-vid
Imnrovenif-nt Hcr.tch ll<»lle quit. Eonl: can do much better. Screenwell Lake lame.
SciaUtfd— SuMimp 102. Undergrowth 102. Too Hnt 102. EacharoM 102. On T\rr\3 102.
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The moet attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. . Boating, bathing, bowl-
Ing tennis, llveryi new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
1 KMi. THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olils and upward; Durse, $400.
Time — >i :2?: H. :*3: X, 1:17 V .( mile. 1:43V4. Bad start. Won easily, second and third driv
ing. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f., by Montana-Lottery. • Throw this race out.
Both Rosnrmonde and Constellatw received criminally • bad rides. Flamora afterward
worked a mile In 1:424.
1101. FOURTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, |400.
RO WA RD ENNA /V.
H. Francis Anderson, President: William H.
Lamb,- Vice President and Manager; J. Dal-
zell Brown, Treasurer.
Situated In the Santa Crux Mountain!), on
San Lorenzo River. 3Vt hours from S. F., 10
miles from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electric ¦ lights; tennis, bowling, boating,
bathing and fishing: golf links: elegant hall
and clubrooms: good music and billiards; all
rooms hard finished and elegantly furnished.
Round trip. {3. Telephone In hotel. Address
B. Dickinson, secretary and lessee, Ben Lo-
mond. Opens May 15th. - '? -/ •
Time— »4. :12; %, :3S>4: '%. l:044: %, 1:23%; mile. l:*l%; mm. I:CS%. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. E. Corrlgan's eh. f., by -Montana Regent-Geneva, Chimura well
ridden. Gauntlet i« running in Improved form.. Woods on Opponent moved, too soon.
Foratrhed— Cromwell 111. _ l*jr^' " . ¦ • . •
OPENS MAY Ist. Round Trip, $3 75. Send for
circulars. FREESK & JUERGENSEN.
Proprietors. City office, 918 Larkin street.
Tim^i. :23»4; H. :48; %. 1:I3U- Poor start. Won easily, second and third' driving. Win
ner. W. Applebly & Co.'s eh. g.. by Duke of Norfolk-Carmen. ¦ Winner: cherry ripe just
now. Formero away poorly. Pompino badly handled. Sly beat the gate and was taken back
Scratched— Miss Rowena 101. Esplrando 106. rwru ¦'
lHi.'l. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
GLENWOOD HOTEL,
Among the redwoods. Santa Cruz Mountains: 5
minutes' walk from depot; cream, fruit, poul-
try: chalybeate springs, swimming tank, amuse-
ment hail: acetylene gas. Round trip. $2 50: <s
to HO per week; free carriage. \VM. MAIITIN.
Glenwood, Cal.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new manasrement. May
15. New hotel being built. Flshlnjr, hunting.
boatlnir and bathing. For further particulars
addreaa O. WEISMAX. 41 Third st.. S. F.. Cal.
4
Inde:
1045
£36
1073
1074
1079
1077
103S
710
¦x.
! ¦
I.
Ma:
Kit
Mai
Art
Fill
Hir,
Net
Ant
_7
iy
tty
ml
till
3*
ndk
tti«
tni
Hoire. Wei
Gertrude —
>¦ Kelly
¦li Seven ..
la
dOr ..:
oo Princess..
Ie Clark
inetta
lght. | St.
.V.1Q21 *
...lfM 1
...102 7
...102 2
...102 6
...M2j 3
...102 5
...I<J2| 7
_V<
4
2 3
1 2
3 h
4 2 '
6 H
6 H ¦
7 H
%
1 h
2 5
3 6
* *i
5 1
' « J yi
8
7 1
Str.
12
2 3
3 5
4 r.
6 H
5 1
7 »
8
Fin^
1 2
2 1
3 h
4 4
5 2
6 3
7 4
8
I
• ]
<
]
1
1
I Benin*.
Jockey. |Op. Cl.
Ranch 4-5 7-11
Ames 5-2 12-5
O'Brien » 50
Buchanan .... 4 7
Mounce 1". CO
Alexander 10 20
I. Powell 15 13
Hel nson ...... 10 SO
Ir
1
1
1
1
l
ndex
F075~
1075
HAi
SOS
U7S
KK>B
1075
IOCB
1073
959
lOCS
1075
C.
~lrat(
Chat
CM:
Scot-
Tier
Konf
Scr?
Debt
Arte
iMTt
Pick
MoOl
I!
c
m
y
td
ra:
110
"¦i
lit
en
."•:•
.nl
Horse.
te ....
Duca'
•h liell
inthe .
•nwell
tick ..
la
yo
ow . . .
ibrisht
it
If
"3
t"
\
i ...
c ...
Wei
igtotlSt--
.-..102! l
...I^2 8
...101 3
...3CC 5
...KO 2
|£IM| 7
...102'll
...io:.| 4
...K>2 9
...iw'io
...llil Fe
»11
%
52
2 1
3 H
1 2
4 h
fi 1
7 2
10 2
S3
11
9 3
Str.
FinL_
fh
2 2
3 Ut
4 2
5 1
6 2 r
7 4
8 %
9 4
10 4
11
_ I Jockey. |Op. CI.
I^ogue'. 8 9
Huchanan .... 6 6
O'Urlen 15 30
Kaneh 2 11-5
Hclnson 6 10
Macklin 2 4
Amos 6 <T
I. Powell 10 40
Morgan 8 15
Alexander .... HO 150
J. Woods s(> SO
Kulz .:' 6 10
:. Hor
aiorlf
Hosoi
p.iKe. 3
\Y
t.|St.
911 1
101 3 .
9* 2
91 I^ft
11
I
2 1
H
1 h
2 h
3
%
In
3
2%
Str. ¦
8
2 h
¦ Fin.
1 2
2 h
3
I Jockey. |Qp. CL
Ranch 8-5 8-5
Ames 4 .3
Mounce 4 5
Ix>irue 2 13-5
«4
Const
tt'llator.
inl-Q 3 1*
2
Index. Horse. Age.
~lo7t Chlmura, 4
1036 Gauntlet, 4 .
1984 Captive. a ..
1077 Opponent, 5 .
1090 Colonel Root,
(Z6 nainier, 4 ..
Weight. [St.
104 4
107 2
11l 1
...,....10S 3
6 10S 6
104 S
X
2 1
¦5 2
1 4
4 2
6
3 1
Vi
2 H
5 V,
1 1
4 2
6
3 h
%
3 3
4 2
1 h
2 h
Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. d.
2Mi 14 Buchanan 6^5 <Ps
4 3 2 «4- Morgan ,4 7
3 2 - 3 h E. Ross.. 6 i<)
1% I 4 s\, J. "Woods 3-2 9-5
5 5 , B'lo- Cannell \...... 30 100
6 ¦: 6 BassinKer .... 30 60
Index. Horse. Ac<». Weight. jst
10C>2 True Blue. 6 11l 3
10S2 Cormorant, 4 .:.... .111 4
IM3 Bugden, 4 103 2
(lOWy.rormero, 4 ill 6
1061 Pomptno, -4, :..'... 4 -1 M 5 .
10C1 Kty. 6 :....:.. .:.... .114 1
9M Jael. S 104 7
M
%¦- ¦
12.
3 1'
2 1
6 3
SH.
4 1
$1
1 3
3 2
¦-2h'
S3
4 IT'-
7^-
--str. :F)n.
12 '15
2 H -.2 h
¦ 31H -3 1 ¦-.
.4 2 .-,5 2 .
¦ C 2 ..-5 3;
6 3 . 6 2 r .
¦••'?; •.•¦7v-'
i Jookey. |Op. CX
Buchanan ...'. ¦ 3 7-2
' Arads .......... 6 10
\H. Stuart....'. 40 20
¦ Morpan '.*.,.... 3 9-2
J. W00d5...... . 6 11-2
B. Ross;.-..'... 8-5 9-5
Hclnaon ..;.;.. 60 100
Indfx. Home. Age. Weight. l St.
1088 Morin?l. 5 IC3 6
JO7O Donator, S 105 1
1U94 Catastrophe, 6 .....111 7
1033 Mor«-lla. 3 81 2
1066 Kltmetn. 5 102 3
10W). Caßdale, 4 98 S
10XJ Tekla, 2 . „ S6 4
1090 Montallade. a ......102 8 I
% H
5 H eh
7H 7 h
6 1 52
2 H «b
8 8
1% 1 H
31 2 h
4 H 3H
% Str.
62 2 2
7 1 4^4
m i h
*H 3 H
8 6 5
32 5 4
61 7%
2 1 8
Fin. | ¦ Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
11 J." Woods < 10 12
2n Mounce 10 .20
3 4 H. Shields 4-5 4-5
4^4 Ranch :. 25 12
6 2 Basslnger •...". 16' 12
6 6 Logne 4 5
7 2 Fauntleroy 10 21
8 Johnson .'..... • :i". .fi
Ir
1
1
1
1
l
ndex
F075~
1075
HAi
SOS
U7S
KK>B
1075
IOCB
1073
959
lOCS
1075
C.
~lrat(
Chat
CM:
Scot-
Tier
Konf
Scr?
Debt
Arte
iMTt
Pick
MoOl
I!
c
m
y
td
ra:
110
"¦i
lit
en
."•:•
.nl
Horse.
te ....
Duca'
•h liell
inthe .
•nwell
tick ..
la
yo
ow . . .
ibrisht
it
If
"3
t"
\
i ...
c ...
Wei
igtotlSt--
.-..102! l
...I^2 8
...101 3
...3CC 5
...KO 2
|£IM| 7
...102'll
...io:.| 4
...K>2 9
...iw'io
...llil Fe
»11
%
52
2 1
3 H
1 2
4 h
fi 1
7 2
10 2
S3
11
9 3
Str.
FinL_
fh
2 2
3 Ut
4 2
5 1
6 2 r
7 4
8 %
9 4
10 4
11
_ I Jockey. |Op. CI.
I^ogue'. 8 9
Huchanan .... 6 6
O'Urlen 15 30
Kaneh 2 11-5
Hclnson 6 10
Macklin 2 4
Amos 6 <T
I. Powell 10 40
Morgan 8 15
Alexander .... HO 150
J. Woods s(> SO
Kulz .:' 6 10
Indfx. Home. Age. Weight. l St.
1088 Morin?l. 5 IC3 6
JO7O Donator, S 105 1
1U94 Catastrophe, 6 .....111 7
1033 Mor«-lla. 3 81 2
1066 Kltmetn. 5 102 3
10W). Caßdale, 4 98 S
10XJ Tekla, 2 . „ S6 4
1090 Montallade. a ......102 8 I
% H
5 H eh
7H 7 h
6 1 52
2 H «b
8 8
1% 1 H
31 2 h
4 H 3H
% Str.
62 2 2
7 1 4^4
m i h
*H 3 H
8 6 5
32 5 4
61 7%
2 1 8
Fin. | ¦ Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
11 J." Woods < 10 12
2n Mounce 10 .20
3 4 H. Shields 4-5 4-5
4^4 Ranch :. 25 12
6 2 Basslnger •...". 16' 12
6 6 Logne 4 5
7 2 Fauntleroy 10 21
8 Johnson .'..... • :i". .fi
Inde:
1045
£36
1073
1074
1079
1077
103S
710
¦x.
! ¦
I.
Ma:
Kit
Mai
Art
Fill
Hir,
Net
Ant
_7
iy
tty
ml
till
3*
ndk
tti«
tni
Hoire. Wei
Gertrude —
>¦ Kelly
¦li Seven ..
la
dOr ..:
oo Princess..
Ie Clark
inetta
lght. | St.
.V.1Q21 *
...lfM 1
...102 7
...102 2
...102 6
...M2j 3
...102 5
...I<J2| 7
_V<
4
2 3
1 2
3 h
4 2 '
6 H
6 H ¦
7 H
%
1 h
2 5
3 6
* *i
5 1
' « J yi
8
7 1
Str.
12
2 3
3 5
4 r.
6 H
5 1
7 »
8
Fin^
1 2
2 1
3 h
4 4
5 2
6 3
7 4
8
I
• ]
<
]
1
1
I Benin*.
Jockey. |Op. Cl.
Ranch 4-5 7-11
Ames 5-2 12-5
O'Brien » 50
Buchanan .... 4 7
Mounce 1". CO
Alexander 10 20
I. Powell 15 13
Hel nson ...... 10 SO
:. Hor
aiorlf
Hosoi
p.iKe. 3
\Y
t.|St.
911 1
101 3 .
9* 2
91 I^ft
11
I
2 1
H
1 h
2 h
3
%
In
3
2%
Str. ¦
8
2 h
¦ Fin.
1 2
2 h
3
I Jockey. |Qp. CL
Ranch 8-5 8-5
Ames 4 .3
Mounce 4 5
Ix>irue 2 13-5
«4
Const
tt'llator.
inl-Q 3 1*
2
Index. Horse. Age.
~lo7t Chlmura, 4
1036 Gauntlet, 4 .
1984 Captive. a ..
1077 Opponent, 5 .
1090 Colonel Root,
(Z6 nainier, 4 ..
Weight. [St.
104 4
107 2
11l 1
...,....10S 3
6 10S 6
104 S
X
2 1
¦5 2
1 4
4 2
6
3 1
Vi
2 H
5 V,
1 1
4 2
6
3 h
%
3 3
4 2
1 h
2 h
Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. d.
2Mi 14 Buchanan 6^5 <Ps
4 3 2 «4- Morgan ,4 7
3 2 - 3 h E. Ross.. 6 i<)
1% I 4 s\, J. "Woods 3-2 9-5
5 5 , B'lo- Cannell \...... 30 100
6 ¦: 6 BassinKer .... 30 60
Index. Horse. Ac<». Weight. jst
10C>2 True Blue. 6 11l 3
10S2 Cormorant, 4 .:.... .111 4
IM3 Bugden, 4 103 2
(lOWy.rormero, 4 ill 6
1061 Pomptno, -4, :..'... 4 -1 M 5 .
10C1 Kty. 6 :....:.. .:.... .114 1
9M Jael. S 104 7
M
%¦- ¦
12.
3 1'
2 1
6 3
SH.
4 1
$1
1 3
3 2
¦-2h'
S3
4 IT'-
7^-
--str. :F)n.
12 '15
2 H -.2 h
¦ 31H -3 1 ¦-.
.4 2 .-,5 2 .
¦ C 2 ..-5 3;
6 3 . 6 2 r .
¦••'?; •.•¦7v-'
i Jookey. |Op. CX
Buchanan ...'. ¦ 3 7-2
' Arads .......... 6 10
\H. Stuart....'. 40 20
¦ Morpan '.*.,.... 3 9-2
J. W00d5...... . 6 11-2
B. Ross;.-..'... 8-5 9-5
Hclnaon ..;.;.. 60 100Ask for Allen's Foot-ease.
! A powder to shake Into your shoes. It rests the
feet and mokes. walking ea*y. Cures Corns and
liußlons. Swollen, Callous and Sweating feet.
Sold by all druggists and shoe stores, 25c. Ask
to-day. Sample FREE. Address, Allen S. Olm
ctfcd. \jt Roy. N. X.
GASOLINF. H^G'NI-^.
HERCCLrs OAS ENGINE WORKS !• fl'.llnir
many nr<l<r* for Nome. 141-147 Flirt Kt.. S. F.
1.-^QI ES. BCILERS KTC.
•'-m + Hamilton. Karieet and not)***:
.- *»rt prlcta en the cocat. I'lo* & Davia at*
FUR COAT'S AND KOUES FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT HOEFLICH. 116 Grant ive.
TENTS AND COVERS.
4e CO.. manufacturer*, bugs. »»"TS
corers. U «nd 23 California, st.
Sues for Doctor's Fees.
J. Albert Noble has filed suit to recover
J2fX)O from Melissa Potter, executrix of the
estate of Jesse Sheldon Potter. The money
Is 'claimed for professional services ren
dered Potter during hi* last Ulnesss.
Sudden Death of James Day.
Janr»s Day of the plumbing firm of Day
& Wey.ind. 434 Valencia street, died sud
denly In l>ed on Sunday night. He retired
on the previous evening apparently In
g-ood health. His.wife awoke at 3 o'clock
the next morning and found that he was
dead. Deceased was 69 years old. An in
quest will be held.
$4-30 a month. ITO.00O; lot on the southeast
corner of Saftamentn and Front streets.
145,600; lot on the southwest corner at
Montgomery and Washington streets.
$46,000; lot on the northern corner of Har
rison and Beale streets. fId.OOO.
The will of Patrick. Flanigan, bequeath
ing an estate valued at more than $10,000
to his widow, Ellen Flanigan, has been
filed.
Letters of ndministratlon over the es
tate of Thomas Golden, valued at J19.0W).
have been applied for; al?o for the estate
of James L.. Sanderson of uncertain
value.
The will of Henry Welch Stokes, be
queathing his entire estate, valued ac
$4250, to hia widow, Ellen Stokes, has been,
filed.
Mrs. Grace Kslick, mother of the lato
Henry Peard. has filed a contest to
Peard's will on the pround of undue In
fluence. Peard left all of his estate, val
ued at $10,000. to his wife.
billty of taking cold afterwards, or in any way
weakening the system.
Hundreds of well-known physicians have
given up their practice to sell this Cabinet —
such eminent men as Emertsn McKay, Detroit,
who has already sold over 7CO, and John C.
Wright. Chicago, who sold 125 last month.
Thousands of remarkable letters have been
written the makers from users, some of which,
referring to
Ehsumatism, La Grippe, Kidney-
Troubles.
will be interesting to those who suffer from
these dread maladies. W. L. Brown, Oxford,
Ohio, writes: I> My father wai down in bed
for months with rheumatism; this Cabinet did
him more good than $50 worth of drugs." G.
M. Larferty. Covington. Ky., writes: "Was
compelled to quit business a year ago, being
prostr ited with rheumatism and kidney
troubles, when your Cabinet came. Two weeks'
use cured me: I have never had a twinge
since." Rev. Geo. H. Hudson, Ukemos. Mich.,
says: "I gave up my pastorate on account of
r.ervous prostration and lung troubles; my
editor so highly recommended your Cabinet. I
tried It; from that day I have steadily grown
better; am now well; nervousness gone; lungs
strong; am a new man." Mro. Ober. S!M Ilroad
street. Columbus, Ohio, writes: "It Is grand
lor curing colds, la grippe. lnllammatlon, aeh<s.
pains; It cured my uncle of neuralgia and
• >-¦«¦¦¦
Ministers and Those Who Hav9 Used It Declare It to Beth? Most Remarkable Invigorant Ever Produced,
Better Than Any Treatment at Hct Springs, Sanitariums or Health Resorts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L'OLORS-
WHIQIVFV v CAHEN & SON.
? t lII\3I\U. I 418 Sacramento.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Bavtoc Machine. 529 F"ol-
*om *tr»«>t. Orler.ta.l Gas Knglne Company.
GPOCF.RIES .'M P -OVISIONS.
Octfit* parked. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard,
30S Fourth. 13C2 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
MATTf SO>'S SLL'JCE WASHER.
l/»r.«; torn, rlffiea and rarp»t combined ««?••
rlarer rold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market at.
#-I-M"I"I I I"!- I"I lII'III' I 1 !' M" 'I"!"!- I I M"H"I'I II I M-I-M-M-M-HP
:: (Dr. McLaiighlin's Electric Belt Does Not Burn.) . •?
T _ Thousands of young, middle-aged and old men are suffering from .!
? <fC2*^T^»v ' want of strength and vigor induced by a variety of causes, such as fast -r
4* ra£r l^ l^%|3i living, dissipation, overwork, mental anxiety, brain fag, etc., who might ' m '
j* £& » Jtegi quickly regain full possession of mental and physical powers by using ••
I iiliL'r Dr. McLaughlin's |
- ms*^ Electric Belt. \
• * !^^^/ f^> Sfs I * ias s P ec ' a ' appliances for weak men. Wonderful cures are re- \\
T% fflliiP/vJr^'- >W' I ported daily, and grateful friends send the most interesting accounts of ..
*!* MB£u&/sMsii&A j?^'-^^^'^ \ how. under this splendid system of self-treatment, their eyes he^in to —
IC \\\ sparkle, their blood begins to bound through their veins and their mus- X
*'¦* 4^^^^^PS^^~ ! cular and nervous s - vstcms to regain all the elasticity and tire of youth. •{-
! S^^^ff )f) f It. Cures Without Burning. |
i wQp&Za^SZist^^^fijjjip? j have invented a special cushion electrode which prevents the hor- ••
? . •¦- !__ , * rible burning which is the strongest feature of the old-style belts. This **
T vital Weakness and Backache. electrode is my own invention, and though others may try to imitate it ..
X linden*. Cai.. April s. 1900. th ey cannot produce the gentle, glowing warmth which is infused into the t
± .£^t^mt c .^ta??^ V i. I ir i tt4t»«n\ weak parts from my Belt. The Dr. Mclaughlin Company is established T
J. is ail that you claim it to be. i have no a \\ ove r the United States for the sale of my Belts. Call and consult me 4.
t wdTeys! th"S ! and^numlneV havl free, or send for my beautiful 80-page book, with prices, free. v
T ¦ Bone and I am wonderfully better every • J.
1* way." My mother and sister also have de- f* jur a- TUT _,T n .,»,Ultv. n2 M»rt«t Bt., e« Keiraj, 8. T.; J.
'¦' rived great benefit from using the Belt, and I J|» l¥l l\ 111 CL»3.U o^ll l 111. Bordiok Bluek. cor. Bjriag tad S«wnd T
4- I recommend it to all sufferers. Yours A/1 • !•".• **• IIL\JIUO.\Ag XIUII9 BU.. Lot Aagiles. X
V . tru 'y- T. F. PRATHER. o^ flce Hour9 _ 9 ». „,. to Bp. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. NKVER SOLD IN DRCO STORE*. J
_ ...... ....w......... •••••••»..•••• . » » » » » ¦»¦>¦¦»¦-«-»-> »»#»»»»«.«.^
CASE OF MISTAKEN
IDENTITY AT MORGUE
<.-..¦; -.¦-;¦;
F. A. Merwin Says That on One Other
Occasion He Was Thought
to Be Dead.
The man who committed suicide In a
lodging-house at 317 Third street last
Wednesday evening remains unidentified
except that his name is Merwin as signed
by the note he left. John A. Ellert, who
identified him as F. A. Merwin. a sign
painter, formerly in his employ, says that
i he saw his mistake after he had taken
a second look at the body.
K. A. Merwin was seen yesterday. He
Is employed by J. C. Klmball, a sign
painter at 3S Commercial street. He says
that on a previous occasion his name was
placed on the Morgue records by mistake.
The suicide's name was also Merwin and
I the peculiarity of the case rests in the
I Tact that two men of the same name
closely resemble one another.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PL'.MPS:
|/r>/\r* U & Drake Amalgamators, opermt-
I\l\Uvjn I*'* daily; 1 SO-Hp. raaollrws «n-
trln* cheap. » Stevenson, B. T.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS .
Tr Oo»r«tlon Daily. «S Pf»th Sfrc- 1
BYRON JACKSON.
DVEDGIVQ PLMPS.
«"!jj. Gasoline. Steam Holft*. Onirlfoc«l Pnmiw.
F.nr;n»«*B-Dller». Hen<lyM«<-h.Wk»..40 Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON M<A Mlfslon. 8. F.: cornm-jnl-
caticr. from inventors Mrlctly confidential.
To Aid Boer Widows and Orphans.
The Transvaal Committee of California
at its last meeting voted the sum of 5500
for the Boer widows and orphans, to be
delivered to Df. Hendrtck Miller, the em
baKsador of the Orange Free State In Tho
Hague.
A benefit concert for tho same purposo
has been arranged to take place at Metro
politan Temple on Tuesday. April 21. for
which an extensive programme has "been
arranged. Judge Coonejj reported that
the net receipts of the St. Patrick's- day
celebration, amounting to about 516:>.
would soon be paid to the Transvaal com
mittees. • " •«;¦•
HE LEFT OVER FOUR
HUNDRED THOUSAND
Estate of the Late Julius Fried
man — Other Estates in
Probate.
The report of the appraisers of the es
tate of Julius Friedman has been turned
In to the Probate Court. They found the
property to be worth 5466.419. Among the
items are these: Money In the Bank of
California, 522,768 65; bonds of the Spring
Valley Water Company, 552.000: 1000 shares
of the San Francisco Ga3 and Electric
Company, 550,000: ten shares of the Hum
boldt Savings and Loan Society. $11,005;
a lot on the southwest corner of Sacra
mento and Leldesdorff streets, rented at
Run Over by a Hack.
Walter Desern. a six-year-old boy re
siding with his parents at 20" Surry street,
was run over by a hack belonging to the
Pacific Carriage Company at Mission and
Twenty-ninth streets yesterday afternoon
and st'verely injured. The boy was in the
act of crossing the street, when the hack,
which was VieinK driven by Rolla Fair
banks, knocked him down. Desern was
taken to the City and County Hospital,
where Dr. McElroy found several severe
injuries on his head and body. Hla hands
were also badly manglod. Fairbanks was
placed under arrest and charged with bat
tery at the Seventeenth-street station.
other expedient, shall ray a license of $100
per month.
Miscellaneous Business.
The consideration of the resolution to pave
Sixth street, between Folsom and Bryant,
and put It on a proper grade was postponed
until next July on account of lack of funds.
The board was notified that the fourth an
nual convention of the League or American
Municipalities will be held in Charleston, t>. C,
next December. At this convention a full re
port will be made of the league' s investigations
of several municipal ownership plants which
were made on the suggestion of the National
Electric Light Association. Mayor Phelan is
one cf the honorary vice presidents of the
leagu#.
A resolution Introduced by McCarthy was re
ferred to the Board of Works for advice, and
is Intended to regulate contracts on behalf
of the city In relation to the erection, re
pair and alteration of public buildings. In It
the Board of Publtc Works Is Instructed, when
calling for bids and awarding contracts for
the erection, repair or alteration of any build
ing or structure under its supervision, to call
for separate bids and award separate contracts
for each cf the main elements of the building
or structure, and to always segregate the
work to be done and the contracts to be award
ed as much as possible to the end that each
contractor may be under bond to and be re
sponsible to said Board of Public Works.
An opinion of the City Attorney was read
In which he holds that the delinquent tax
llct is part of the official advertising. As such
the charter provides that it Is to be published
in a daily newspaper that has a bona fide cir
culation of at least SOCO ' copies and has been
In existence for two years at the time of let
ting the contract to the lowest xesponslble bld-
The ordinance imposing an increased license
on hotel runners was finally passed.
The ordinance making It a misdemeanor to
publish or circulate lottery drawings was re
ferred to the City Attorney.
The Board of Public Works was directed to
open the dead ends of certain sewers In China
town and to flush them with water from an un
used cistern at Clay and Taylor streets at a
cost of $1000. the work to be postponed, if pos
sible, until next July.
The Judiciary and License Committees were
directed to frame a general resolution on the
question of special permits or privileges so
that the Board of Public Works may be guided
in Its granting of such applications.
Official Communications.
The following communications from publtc
officials were read: From Mayor Phelan.
recommending the appointment of a citizens
committee, and the appropriation of JoOO, for
the celebration of Decoration day: City Attor
ney stating that the Board of Public Works
is the only body having the authority to allow
the moving of buildlnss; also the charter pro
vision exacting that all railways wishing tn
enter the city to have fifty miles of track is
untenable In law; Board of Public Works,
stating that . the Fire Commissioners have
a?ked for an apprcprlaticn to be made in the
next tax levy for the erection of new fire
houses; also recommending the granting of
private contracts for street work.
Referred to Committees.
The following petitions, protests, etc., were
referred to committees:
San Francisco Pressmen's Union, protesting
against the passage of the anti-bill posting
ordinance; Sunnyside Improvement Club, peti
tioning for the extension of Jarnac street to
San Jose avenue; Ann E. Reynolds, protestlnsr
against the proximity of the Cnion-street cable
tracks to the sidewalk; C. L. Dall. asking that
the pound limits be extended so as to Include
the Ocean House road; Butchers' Board of
Trade, stating their objections to the ordinance
ordering the removal of awnings projecting over
the sidewalks.
Full Acceptances.
The resolution providing for the full accept
ance of the following street work was adopted:
Crossing of Chestnut and Jones street ;Zoe place
from Folsom street south to Its termination;
Union street, between Franklin and Gough:
crossing of Fan Jose avenue; Twenty-eighth and
Guerrero streets; Eighteenth street, between
Dolores and Church; crossing of Eighteenth and
Church streets; Shrader street, between Hayes
and Fell, and Gough street, between Jackson
street and Pacific avenue.
cided that the ordinance was discrimina
tory and invalid. Judge Seawell held in
tnat case that an ordinance which dis
criminated between the height of fences
erected "for advertising purposes" ana
other fences was invalid as a police regu
lation, there being no sufficient ground
for such distinction. There is nothing es
sentially unhealthful, nor is there any
thing necessarily objectionable as inter
fering with proper fire regulations In a
fence simply because it is erected or
maintained for advertising purposes.
"Inasmuch as the bill under considera
tion," says the opinion, "purports by its
title to regulate advertising any ordinance
that you may pass directed at the height
of fences alone should be by separatt.
Section 3 of the ordinance, which pro
vides that "where permission is given by
the Board of- Supervisors or Board of
Works to erect obstructions of any char
acter on the streets it shall be unlawful
to paint, paste or write any bill, notice or
announcement or any advertising device,''
Is held to be valid by the City Attorney.
He says that It Is competent for the board
in granting such permits to attach any
reasonable condition thereto.
Section 3 is In the following language:
It shall be unlawful for any person, company
or corporation to drive or cause to be driven
on the streets of the city and county of San
Francisco, any wagon or vehicle carrying ad
vertisements, unless owned by a storekeeper or
other person dolrg business In the city and
county of San Frantlsco at a fixed place of
business, and used for the regular delivery of
goods soIJ by said storekeeper, or other per
son doing business as aforesaid; to propel
any street cars on the rtreets of the city and
county of San Francisco, having advertise
ments printed, pasted or painted en the out
side of the said cars; to appear on the streets
of the city and -county of San Francisco carry
ing banners, or boards, or placards containing
advertising: matter; to. appear or walk on the
streets of the city and county of San Fran
cisco, attracting or attempting to attract at
tention to advertising matter by extraordinary
or unusual costume or dress, or by playing on
musical Instruments or by making any unusual
noise.
"Probably the most practical way of
dealing with the matters embraced in this
section is by permit to be issued by the
Board of Public Works under a general
ordinance of the Supervisors. The charter
provides that the Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under the ordinances of the
Board of Supervisors, of all public streets
and of their use, and shall have exclusive
authority to grant permits for the using
of the street - for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication thereof
to public use.' The use of the streets for
advertising purposes is an extraordinary
use, not one such as ordinarily belongs to
the public. The Board of Supervisors may
therefore pass ordinances regulating the
use of the streets 'for advertising pur
poses,' the streets being completely with
in public control and the object of their
dedication being primarily for purposes of
travel and personal passage. The Board
of Supervisors may deny altogether the
right to use the street in such manner as
to congest traffic or make passage thereon
dangerous. And to this end may prohibit
the use of the street to advertising
schemes and devices, such as the section
Indicates. Whether the ordinance so pro
vides, or not, it is to me plain that no
business house can be deprived of the
right to place Its name and place of busi
ness, or other identifying mark, upon its
wagon or carriage, hut this would not In
my judgment be using the street for ad
vertising purposes."
The section uiohlbiting the distribution
of any handbills or dodgers on the streets
or the maintenance of any signs upon the
Ptreets or sidewalks, or any electrical sign
Is held to be valid. The opinion concludes:
By way of recapitulation, I would say that
as section 1 of the form proposed has virtually
been passed upon adversely by Judge Seawell
in the case mentioned and also by the Supreme
Court of another State, it is undesirable in Its
present form. I have no doubt, however, that
such matters as are really objectionable In that
connection are correctable by ordinance In
proper form. As to section 3, the- only prac
tical way to accomplish your purposes, so' far
as I can see. Is by permit. As to sections 2,
4 and S. , I am of the opinion that the form
thereof Is sufficient as submitted.
McCarthy introduced a resolution calling
the attention of the Tax Collector to the
fact that the statute imposing a license of
5100 per month on quack doctors had never
been enforced, and directing him to carry
out the provisions of the section in point.
The "fake practitioners" came in for a
severe scoring from Boxton, who was
prompted by the application of n dental
concern -to operate a sign in front of Its
place of business, which was denied. The
section to which McCarthy referred fol
lows: . . .
. See. 12. Any itinerant vender who shall sell
or offer for aaJe any drug, nostrum, ointment
or appliance of any kind Intended for the treat
ment of disease or injury, or any person • who
shall,. by writing or printing or by any other
method publicly , profess to cure or treat dis
ease. Injury or deformity by any medicine,
druf* or drugs, nostrum or manipulation or
SUPERVISOR MCCARTHY made an
earnest appeal to his associates on
the Board of Supervisors when his
order "prohibiting telephone com
panies from charging or receiving any
compensation for service before the
party or number called for re
sponds" came up for final passage at
yesterday's meeting-. It was only after
over an hour's discussion, participated In
by McCarthy and Reed on the one side
and John I. Sabin, president of the Pacific
Telephone Company, on the other, and
after three votes had been taken on the
measure, that it was defeated. Those
who voted to relieve a long-suffering
public from the exasperating service to
which it has long been subjected were:
Booth, Comte, D'Ancona, Hotaling, Ma
gulre, McCarthy, Reed and Tobln. The
noes were Boxton, Brandenstein, Connor,
Curtis. Dwyer, Helms, Jennings and San
derson. The vote stood eight to eight,
Duboce and Fontana being absent. Bran
denstein, however, gave notice of recon
sideration, saying that he desired the
matter thoroughly gone into, and request
ing the presence of -the representatives of
the telephone company, City Engineer
Grunsky and Chief Electrician Hewitt at
the next meeting.
When the measure was first taken up
Connor said that he was opposed to the
order because he considered it a great in
justice to the telephone company. Mc-
Carthy replied that the order would work
no hardship and would only necessitate
the employment of a few more operators.
"The telephone company," said McCar
thy, "has over IS.OOO BUbscriberr. and
charges outrageous rents for its machines.
The people, who are the main sufferers,
expect this ordinance to pass, and If It
does not It will be a disappointment to
many thousands who are asking for re
lief."
President Sabln then read a long com
munication in which he represented that
the provisions of the order could not be
carried out without doubling the number
of operators. He contended that it would
be an injustice to the party called for to
subject the calling party to the delay in
exacting the nickel after connection was
made. He promised that the company
would do one of three things in case the
party could not be raised— to call up the
number at intervals during twenty-four
hours, to secure another number or to
credit the caller with a nickel on the
books. He said that it was on the strength
of these representations that the Mayor
had vetoed the former order passed by
the last board.
Reed then asked Sabin how much it
would cost to comply with the order, and
he replied $75,000 per year.
"Are you willing to tell us the gross or
net profits of your concern?" said Reed,
and Sabin answered that he could not tell.
Reed suggested that It might be 51.000,000,
and McCarthy said that Mr. Lehigh of
the company had stated that 80,000
switches a day were given, which, at 5
cents each, would reach the enormous to
tal income of 51.5u0.000 a year. To this
Sabin said that Lehigh.dld not know what
he was talking about, and neither did Su
perintendent Glass when he said that it
would take COO extra operators if the or
der becamo a law.
"What proportion of the total expenses
is that 5*5.000?" ventured Reed, who be
lieves in municipal ownership of tele-
P '-i" will have to consult my attorney,"
replied Sabin. who by this time had be
come thoroughly warmed up.
Brandenstein moved to postpone consid
eration, which was lost by a vote of 9 to
7 the Mayor holding that the charter re
quired a majority vote of ten. Branden
stein then appealed from the Mayor s de
cision, and caused some amusement when
he took his stand behind Cushing's Man
ual, which he seemed to regard as supe
rior to the charter. The ruling of the
chair was sustained. however, only
Brundensteln, Curtis and Dwyer voting
Another motion to defer action for two
weeks was los*t by the same vote as the
other; on final passage the measure was
defeated, and then Brandenstein s notice
to reconsider prevailed.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion re
garding the bill-posting ordinances. Of
the four bills submitted he selected the
longest and most comprehensive and dis
cussed it in sections. With regard to
section 1, which prohibits the mainte
nance of a fence or building over ten feet
in height for the purpose of painting
thereon any sign or advertising or posting
thereon any bills, signs, etc., for. adver
tising purposes. Mr. Lano holds that there
is now an ordinance covering substantial
ly the same ground. He says that several
years ago the validity of thi9 ordinance
was' contested 'by the California Adslgns
Company before Judgre Seawell, who de-
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
Tn «rmrrtsrr» with the directions of the RK
rUHLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
celecated rerresen jttlves of the Republxan
Party from the several State* assemble In Na
ttonai Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
Ftate of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the 13th
£»y of June. A, I>. 1500. at i: o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nominating candi-iatea fcr
the o!flce of President and Vice President of
tho United States, and for su.-h other bus:r,es?
as may be brought before said convention : and
In accordance with the instructions given by
raid National Committee, directing that the
Ccti(?rereional District delegates thall be chosen
et a convention called by the Congressional
Crn:mittee cf each, eaid d!Strict. in the same
rcanner as the nomination of a Representative
!n Cosgress is ::. .¦.!¦¦ in said district; therefore.
b- It
R«ao!v«d. V.y the REPUBLICAN' STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTKE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of said
Mate, that the Congressional Committees cf
the several Congressional Districts of the State
c: California are hertny adv>sed ar.d requested
to cull Congressional Ouawattoiu of their Con
gressional District*, to be he!d as hereinafter
provided, at which two delegates shall be
chosen to r»pr«-f-ent each of euch district* In
the NATIONAL REPL'BLICXN' CO.VVKN
TIOX. to be held as aforesaid, and for th»
selection of two «Uterr.ate delecafes. to act in
cass cf the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection cf the df-l^tutte of the Con
preseional Convr r.ticn .-hall be under the direc
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
«5i*trict. in accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided, That the ba*is of representation
to 6a!d Congressional Conventions shall be ai
follows, to wit: One delicate 'or each Assem
bly IMstrict within the Congressional District;
provided, that where any A«=«embly I>;strlct
?mbraces more than one county, there shall be
me delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In euch Assembly L»i?trict.
and cne delegate for each 300 votes cast for
Henry T. RepubMcap candidate for Gov
ernor in ISM. and one delegate for each frac
tion of iriO votes or- o* - sr.
It Is further directed that the delegates
rhoeen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet in fitate Convention st the city of Sacra
mento, on TUESDAY, the Isih day of May.
JSOO. at 2 o'clock p. m.. to relect four del'gates
at-larjre to the NATIONAL RKPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, ar.d four al
ternate delegate*, to act in case the delegates
t-»!ect»d b» absent. - cr t" e election of a Stat*
Oentrml Committee, and fcr the transaction of
such further business a* may be brought be
fore the mM Stat» Convention.
It Is further directed that where primary
elections are held the test for voters ehall be:
"I believe in Republican principles and ln
«!cr?e the Repub'lcan policy and the admin
istrating of President McKinley. and Intend
to support the nominees, of the Republican
Party at the enrafos election."
It le further directed that contents muit be
fled with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee In writing, with a full statement
of the ground* cf the contest, five days pre
ceding the meeting of the State convention.
All matters relating to Fuch contest before the
Ccr.gresi«icral Committee. wl»h said Commit
tee's determination th^r'in. mu«t be transmit
ted to the Secretary of the Ftate Central Com
mittee «t Facmrr.ento. before noon of the 14th
<!ay of May. ISOO.
Adopted by the RKPCBLICAN STATE CEN
TRAL. COMMITTEE «t San Francisco. April
t 1900. K. C HART J*«*T»t« T
J. S. MERRILL WILL
MARRY OLIVE SNIDER
MONOPOLY STILL
TO EXACT NICKELS
Supervisors Vote Down Order Re
quiring Telephone Switch
Before Paying.
Measure, However, Will Be Reconsidered at
Next Meeting of the Board— Opinion on
Advertising Ordinance.
A genius of the Queen City has placed on the
market a Vapor Bath Cabinet that has proven
a blessing to every man, woman or child who
has used it.
Our recent Investigation of this remarkable
invention was so very satisfactory we have no
hesitancy In indorsing the same as just what
It Is an air-tight inclosure, In which one com-
fortably rests on a chair, and with only the
head outside, enjoys at home, for 3 cents each,
all the marvelous cleansing, curative and invig-
orating effects of the famous Turkish Bath,
Hot Vapor, or' Medicated Bath, with no possl-
sleeplessness with which he had lons suffered.
A neighbor cured herself of la grippe In on.-
nlght, her little girl of measles, her son of
croup. Another neighbor cured ectfema of
many years' standing." Hon. A. B. Strickland
of Bloomlngton writes that the Cabinet did him
more good than two years' doctoring, entirely-
cured him of catarrh, gravel, kidney trouble
and dropsy, with which he had long been af-
flicted.
Hundreds of Ministers
write, praising this Cabinet. Rev. H. C. Roer-
naes, Everett, Kan., says: "It's a blessing:
made me full of life and vigor: should be In
use In every family." Rev. J. C. Richardson.
N. Fifth st., Roxbury. Mass., was greatly ben-
efited by its use, and recommends It highly, as
also does Professor R. E. P. Kline of Ottawa
University, who says: "I find It a great ben-
efit. No Christian should be without it." Hon.
V. C. Hay. St. Joe, Mo., writes: "Physicians
gave me up to die; was persuaded by friends
to try this Cabinet, and it cured me. I cannot
praise It enough." Rev. Baker Smith, D. D..
Fairmont. N. J.. says: "Your Cabinet rids the
body of aches and pain, and as cleanliness is
next to rodliness. It merits high recommenda-
tion."
Congressman John J. Lentz. Mrs. Kendrloks,
principal of Vassar College; John T. Brown,
editor Christian Guide; Mev. C. M. Keith, edi-
tor Holiness Advocate, as well as hundreds of
clergymen, bankers, governors, physicians and
Influential people, recommend It highly.
It Prevents Disease
and physicians are unanimous In claiming that
colds, la grippe, fevers, smallpox, consumption,
kidney trouble. Bright' s disea.se, cancer— ln fact
such marvelous elimlnatlve power has this
Cabinet that no disease can gain a foothold in
your body If you take these hot Thermal Baths
weekly. Scientific reasons are brought out In a
very Instructive little book. Issued by the
makers. To
Cure Blood and Skin Diseases
this Cabinet has marvelous power. Dr. Shep-
ard of Brooklyn states that he has never failed
to draw out the deadly polaon of snake bites,
hydrophobia, blood poison, etc.; by this Vapor
Bath, proving that it Is the most wonderful
blood purifier known. If people. Instead of
filling their system with more poisons by taking
drugs and nostrums, would get Into a Vapor
Bath Cabinet and steam out these poisons and
assist nature to act. they would have pure
blood and a akin as clear and smooth as the
most fastidious could desire.
The Important Feature
of this Cabinet Is that it gives a hot vapor
bath that opens the millions of pores all over
the body, stimulating the sweat glands, draw-
ing out all the Impure salts, acids and effete
matter, which. If retained, overwork the heart,
kidneys, lungs, and cause disease, debility and
sluggishness. Astonishing ia the improvement
In health, feeling and complexion. The first
bath makes you feel like a new being; ten years
younger. -
With the Cabinet. If desired. Is a
Head and Complexion Steamer,
in which the face, head and neck are given the
same vapor treatment as the body, producing
the most wonderful resulta; removes pimples.
blackheads, skin eruptions, cures Catarrh.
Asthma and Bronchitis.
O. C. Smith. Mount Healthy. Ohio, writes:
"Since using this Cabinet my Catarrh. Asthma
and Hay Fever, wllh which I have been afflict-
ed since childhood, has never returned. Worth
$l(tfx) to me. I have sold hundreds of these
Cabinets. Every one was delighted. My wife
finds It excellent for her Ills."
Whatever
Will Hasten Perspiration
every one knows Is beneficial, but <-th?r meth-
ods are crude and Insignificant when compared
to the convenient and marvelous curative
power of this Cabinet, known as the new 1\)»£
style
38,478 "Quaker" Cabinets Sol
Last Month.
Square Quaker Folding Thermal
Bath Cabinet. We find it Id be a genuine Cab!«
net. with a feal door, opening wide am shown In
cut. When closed It Is air-tight: handsomely-
made of b«-st, most durable, water-proof goods,
rubber lined. A h^avy s;ee| frame supports It.
making it a strong and substantial bathroom
within itself. It has tup curtains; in fact, all
the latest Improvements.
The makers furnish an excellent stove with
each Cabinet, also valuable recipes and formu-
las for medicated baths ami ailments, as well
as plain directions. It folds Hat In one lnvh,
space when not in ir:; easily carried; weighs
but ten pounds.
People dent need barhrooms. as this Cabinet
may be used in any room, and bath tubs have
been discar-ied since this invention, as it Rives
a far better bath for all cleansing purposes
than soap and water. For the sick room Its
advantage ¦ are at once apparent. There have
been
So-Called Cabinets
on the market, but they w<?re unsatisfactory:
inconvenient, simply cheap, flimsy affairs.
After investigation we tan say the Quaker
Cabinet mad>- by the Cincinnati firm la the
only practical article of its kind, and will last
for years. It seems to satisfy and delight
every user, and the
Makers Guarantee Results.
They assert positively, and their statements
are backed by a \ent amount of testimony from
persons of influence, that this Cabinet will cure
Nervous Troubles, Debility, PurKy the IMood.
lif-autlfy th? Skin and Cure Kheum.itlsm. (They
offer !"¦'> reward for a ca.^ not relieved.)
Cures the most obstinate cases of Women's*
Troubles. La <Irlpf.*\ Sleepl* e-iness. Neuralgia.
Malaria. Headaches. Obesity. Gout. Sciatica.
Kczema. Pcrofula. Pll«"<. I >rnpny. Blood and
Pkln Disease?, l.iver and Kidney Trouble*. It
will
Cure the Worst Cold
with one bath, breaks up all symptoms of Ia
Grippe. Fevers. Pneumonia. Consumption,
Asthma, and is really a household necessity.
Cleansing and Refreshing Bath
known, and all those enjoying health should
use It at least once or twice a week, for its
great value Is Its marvelous power to draw out
of the system all Impurities that cause disease,
and for this reason is truly a God-send to all
humanity.
HOW TO GET ONE.
All our reader? who want to enjoy perfect
health, prevent disease and are afflicted, should
have one of there remarkable Cabinets. Tho
l-rice ia wonderfully luw. Space prevents a de-
tailed description, but it will bear out the moat
exacting tiemaad tor durability and curative
prr-perties.
Write The "WcrM MfR. Co., 21C0 "World Build-
ing, Cincinnati. Ohio, and ask them to send
you their pamphlets describing this Invention.
The price Is wonderfully low. only $5.00, com-
plete, with heater, directions and formulas.
Head Attachment. If desired. JI.OO extra, and it
is Indeed difficult to Imagine where one could
Invest that amount of money in anything els©
that guarantees so much health, strength anil
vigor.
Write to-day for full information: or. better
still, order a Cabinet: you won't be disappoint-
ed, as the makers guarantee every Cabinet, anil
agree to refund your mun^y after thirty days'
use- If not just as represented.
We know them ta do as they agree. They are
reliable and responsible: capital. J100.000.C0.
The C&b&tel Is just as represented, and will
be shipped promptly. You can remit safely by
expref». P. O. money order, bank draft, or
certified check.
Tton't fall to send foe booklet, anyway.
The Cabinet 13 a Wonderful Seller
for agent?, and the firm offers special Induce-
ments to both men and women upon request,
and to our knowledge many are making from
JlOO to $150 every month, and expenses.
Invention of an Ohioan That Guarantees Perfect Health, Strength
and Beauty to Every User, and Cures Without Drugs.
All Nervous Diseases, Rheumatism, La Grippe, Neu-
ralgia. Blood and Kidney Troubles, Weakness,
and the Most Obstinate Diseases, by Na-
ture's Method of Steaming the
Poison Out of the System.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, .APRIL 17, 1900.
SIMPTON GIVES
WAY TO STEWART
Expert Testimony on Senator
Fair's Signatures Ushered
Into the. Case.
Sausalito Justice of the Peace Bears Sylva
Out in the Scheme.
won out in Ttoth engagements, the second
In ing a half-hearted compromise, that
was virtually a victory*
Through it all Bimpton sat stolid, indif
ferent and unaffected by anything said or
done. Later on he admitted that lie told
heavy packs of lies, all for the purpose
of lending an assisting hand to Sylva,
who engineered the business.
Simpton Corrects Himself.
The case opened with the continuation
of the argument on the right of the re
spondents' attorneys to inquire into the
inducement which led Simpton to make
the affidavit of August 12. Sandwiched
in between this argument and citation of
cases by McEnerney came an unexpected
leijucst'from Simpton to correct testimony
given last Thursday.
"In r*-gard to my first meeting with Mr.
Sylva." said Simpton, "I have some cor
rections to make- In my testimony. I
thought that it was in the latter part of
July, but on further recollection it was
two days before I met Mrs. Craven for
the first time, which was on August 5."
Lafe Ponce then asked the witness
whom he had seen in the meantime and
with whom Me had talked the matter
over. Simpton admitted that he met Syl
va. ns was his daily custom, but dis
claimed any conversation with him in
which the case was mentioned.
McEnerney Wins His Point.
jr ONO arsiimer.ts on the law of evi
dence wore Injected Into the Fair
£__- case yesterday, slightly relieving
a tiresome redirect examination of
Judge Shr.pton. who passed his third du,v
upon the witness stand. Stephen and
Greenleaf wore thrown about the court
room as peps upon which to hang the at
torneys' arguments, and these authorities
were supplemented by numerous Instances
of case law, all of which were cited and
read for the edification of Judge Troutt
and the somnolence of the crowd.
Late in the afternoon, just before the
court adjourned. McEnerney arose and
asked Lafe Pence:
"Do the attorneys of the petitioner claim
outside of the alleged solemnized mar
riage 'that James G. Fair was married to
Mrs. Craven?"
"We most certainly do." was the imme
diate answer. And then Charles E. Stew
art, accountant and bookkeeper of the
Fair estate, was put upon the stand and a
row phase of the case begun.
Judge Troutt played yesterday a more
important part in the game than during
many preceding days. He was called upon
to decide at least two questions as to the
admisfibUlty of evidence. The first ques
tion related to what was said and done by
Sylva In bis efforts to induce the witness
to act the part of the marriage broker
end draw up the affidavit of August 1~.
The second debate was upon th« right of
McEnerrey to seek the motive V>ack of
Bimpton's false swearing. McEnerney
Scheme of Sylva.
"Whn.t conversation took place between
you and Sylva in regard to the execution
of the letter of August S?"
"He said: 'We will send the letter over
to Mr. Foote and make him believe we
will go on the stand and testify for Mrs.
Craven.'. Simpton also said that Sylva ad
vised him to make reporters and all with
whom he came in contact believe that the
first Btory was the truth."
"Did you Bee Sylva before you swore
to the affidavit of the 12th?"
"Yes. I said to him. "Mr. Foote wants
1 me to make an affidavit and I don't want
to do it. I would never be able to show
my face in Sausalito again." Svlva said he
! h*d looked up the law and It would bt>
! all right for me to do so and that ht
¦would not ask me to do anything that
was r.ot honorable."
Simpton wasn't satisfied with this, and
I during a lull in the proceedings he added:
j "Rylva paid also that if I didn't make the
. affidavit somebody else would and then
j we couldn't trap the woman."
Motive Is the Point.
The letter of August B, sent to "W. "W.
Foote by Simpton, outlining the facts of
the alleged marriage ceremony, was the
next document- which was used by Mc-
Enerney to hang his redirect examination
upon.
"What was your motive?" interrogated
McEnerney, and the clouds of argument
I burst once more upon the court. Charles
Penoe argued that the question should
not be asked, because it called for a state
of mind. A compromise was effected un
der objection and the following question
was asked:
"What was your reason for writing the
letter of August S?"
"To lead them (Pence and Foote) into
the belief that I would go on the stand
and testify as they wanted," was the re
sponse.
Identical answers were given In the
matter of the affidavit and the Interviews
with reporters; also In regard to his
statement to the Pences that he knew
Mrs. Craven when he was monarch of a
streetcar and Senator Fair In the bo
nanza days.
McEnerney finished his redirect exam
ination of the witness and Simpton was
pruned back to Lafe Pence for a recross
fusillade. The change In testimony con
cerning the first meeting with Sylva fur
nished a linp of questions. Simpton would
not positively say whether or not he re
membered if Sylva said to him after
Thursday's proceedlnprs that his testimony
about the first meeting must be changed
from the last part of July to August 3.
The last question asked by Pence was:
"Mr. Simpton. were you an honest man up
to February 13. 1599?" That was the date
of the renegade event. "Yes, sir; I was,"
was the answer.
Expert Testimony Begun.
Charles E. Stewart, accountant and
bookkeeper of the Fair estate, was then
fworn. He swore that he had seen Sena
tor Fair write in his lifetime, was
familiar with his signature and knew It
well. Checks on the Nevada Bank were
handed the witness and the signature was
identified. Mr. Crothers, who will conduct
this end of the rase, offered the papers
us samples of handwriting of Senator
Fair's signature.
The case will be resumed to-day at 11
a. m., expert testimony being in order.
When McEnerney had finished his cita
tion of judicial decisions Charles Pence
made his little speech; which was follow
ed by a long argument from Lufe Pence,
who "wanted to know if the Hood gates of
perjury were to l>e opened wide and the
strong* tide of infamy and falsehood were
to be allowed to roll on unchecked. When
the burst of oratory was concluded Ex
(Jovernor Budd seemed anxious to unbur
den himself "of many wise saws of legal
lore, but Judge Troutt nipped him at the
outset and decided that McEnerney
might ask the question.
"What did Mr. Sylva say to you?"
queried McEnerney, and the trial began
where it left off last Thursday afternoon.
"He asked me to come up to his house,
saying that Mrs. Craven had been over
to ee<? uf and told him that he had been
recommended to her because he had
power over the Justice of the Peace. He
said: 'Simpton, I have been a friend to
you, and now I want you to stand in with
me and trap these people because I am
a friend of the Fairs.' Then I told him
I would think the matter over."
"In that first conversation, did Sylva
tell you he wanted you to do anything?"
"Yes; that I should stand in with him
to trap her because the Fair friends were
his friends."
"When did this conversation occur?"
"Two days before the sth of August."
"Did you evrr have any other conversa
tion with Sylva about Mrs. Craven?"
"On the sth, when she appeared in Sau
salito."
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Fortfr fresh or »«lt water lor alule« boxea;
h.srh or lew lift*, tflmonrt*. SS Market »t.
GOL > SEPARATOR.
Crrlcne Ccid Separator and Amalgamator In
<al!» ct«rat!cn. Wm. H. Blr;h & Co.. 1» Ist.
OXS.
rrnn:rATT>:o om or> J( i» °" *•*"• oa»onn«.
a KXKICK * MrOUFTJCK. M «r*«r «t . S. T.
PLATES FOT» SAVING GOLn.
FrKnrrW.n * Burrlrtee. 1 H«rtl!« ri»r». off
Kearrjr. I¦ : w.-.n Gutter end H'i*r« *tr»»t«.
F. W. HKI.C. Central I'lutlne Woms. m •***•-
• len at.. S. F. Phone Je«*t# 3CI.
PORTABLK I OUSES.
ErRMIAW-tTANUKKOItIj CO. \V»«hlnirt«w
¦¦4 !*• rtr.. Oak'.ar.a. or Fulld-r"' Kl.. H. ¦*.
FL"»S
5
FOOTLIGHT FAVORITE ENGAGED TO YOUNG SOCIETY MAN
c=Tj=3HE engagement of John S. Merrill to Miss Olive Snider was announced
publicly on Sunday afternoon. Friends of both parties have known of
J[ the attachment of the young couple for some months and the announce
. ment was unattended with any form of surprise.
1 Mr. Merrill is the son of John F. Merrill, of the firm of Holbrook, Mer
rill & Stetson. Since his graduation from the University of California a few
years ago he has been connected with his father's business, where he occupies
an important position. Miss Snider durinqr the past few years has been promi
nent not only in amateur theatricals but also as a singing soubrette at the
Tivoli, where she was known as Charlotte Beckwlth. She Is a young woman
of most striking beauty, both of face and figure.
Miss Snider* s progress in light opera was very rapid as soon as she was
given an opportunity by the Tivoli management. Her handsome figure, pret
ty face and well-trained voice made her a footlight favorite. The surprise
came when Miss Snider was left out of the cast of the "Idol's Eye," but this
was not due to any action on the part of the Tivoli management. At that
time the engagement between Mr. Merrill and Miss Snider was made and
the latter determined to end her stage career for all time.
There have been persistent rumors of a marriage of the young couple for
the last three months, but this is denied by both parties as well as by their
parents.Mothers give Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters
to their children to stop colic and looseness yf
the bowel*.
TAILOR MADE COSTUME
The costume represented is of sapphire
blue cloth. The Jacket, which extends only
to , tl ? e wal at, Js trimmed with a broad
stitched band, and the lapels are faced
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
with tartan. The tunic opens down the
front and Is made to imitate a triple tu
nic -by means of stitched band 3 The
ground of the skirt Is of tartan.
500 LADIES' COLORED SILK PETTICOATS will be
offered at $4.75, $7.50, $10.00, up to $25.00
POST CHECK NOTES.
SENATOR McMILLAN of Michigan has in
troduced into the Senate, and Representative
Lentz in the House, bills providing for the is
sue of "post checks," for the convenience of the pub
lic in transmitting small amounts of money through
the mails. The measures have been framed in re
sponse to an urgent public demand. The present
postal order system by no means fills the require
ments of the time. It is costly and inconvenient, and,
moreover, does not serve all the purposes desired.
The two bills now before Congress are essentially
alike. They provide for the issuance of "United
States post check notes" in denominations of five
dollars, two dollars and one dollar, to replace the
entire issue of money represented by those amounts,
and fifty million dollars ($50,000,000) in fractional
notes, of fifty, twenty-five, fifteen, ten and five cent
denominations. Each note to contain blank spaces
for the name and address of the payee and his signa
ture and that of the person who sends it, such signa
ture to make it payable at the postoffice where the
payee resides, and transforming it into a check on the
United States Government, to be used the same as a
personal check or the present money order. In lieu
of the fee for issuing the note, a two-cent stamp for
notes of $1 or upward, or a one-cent stamp for notes
v of fractional parts of a dollar, to be affixed to each
note by the person using the same to transmit it
, through the mails. When redeemed the notes to be
reissued.
It will be seen that under the proposed system it
will not be necessary to go to the postoffice and make
out a blank application for a money order every
time a person wishes to send any sum from five cents
to five dollars through the mails with safety. The
person desiring to transmit the. money can take any
postal check in general circulation and use it for that
purpose. When once it has been indorsed in the
manner prescribed it will then be valueless for circu
lation and be payable oniy to the person to whom it
is drawn. Money transmitted in that way will be as
safe as if sent by a bank check or by express, or by
the present system of postal orders, while the con
venience and cheapness of it will be a vast improve
ment on either of the present methods of sending
small sums across the country.
The proposed reform being now fairly before Con
gress, it is to be hoped it will be taken up and enacted
at this session. It will be a measure of immediate
benefit to all, and it would be well for commercial
bodies to press upon Congressmen the importance of
providing the system as soon as possible.
500 BLACK APPLIQUE SKIRTS, in cloth, will be of-
fered at $5.00, $6.00, $7.50, up to $12.001 2.00
700 NAVY BLUE DUCK SKIRTS, white inserting, value
for $1.50, will be offered at $1.00
AMUSELIENTS.
Grar.d Opera-house— "An Aratnaa Girl."
Orf heum — Vaii'leville.
Aloizar— "Quo Vadis."
''alilcrnia— "'A Bachelor's Romance."
i"alifornia— Pttschnikcff a3d Hanibourg io-morrjw ef.ternoon.
cVlun-.bia— West's Jdin?trels.
Tivoli— 'The Wizard of the Nile."
Fischer's Concert Houfo — "Cavaileria Rustioana."
Chute*. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
*vnin;.
Oljmpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Centra) Park — Gentry's Trained Animal Shoxv.
El CanijK) — Dancing, bowling, fishing, etc., every Sunday.
¦\Yeftern Turf Association— llacee to-day.
The Bryanites of Pennsylvania adopted a State
platform declaring for a vigorous foreign policy, ac
tion "to maintain the independence of the Transvaal
and the Orange Free State," the fortification of the
Nicaragua Canal, and v?ound up with: "We are op
posed to the increase of our standing army." Per
haps they think if Bryan were President the nation
could act vigorously in" foreign parts by lung power.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦;..;..t..T"I"!";"I"I"!~K-I'I ll H <^^~^^ <
DEWEY'S CANDIDACY.
THE offer of Admiral Dewey to take the Presi
dency has become of interest only by reason
of the casual rifts in the veil of mystery which
disclose the motives that induced it.
These motives are external to the Admiral. The
idea evidently did not originate with him, though it
found in him a congenial culture bed. This has
been true of a large number of able men, who
breathed in the Presidential microbe from the atmos
phere around them and were forever after changed
men. In some cases a nomination cures the disease.
But in no case has it ever disappeared when no nomi
nation was applied to it. There is reasonable ground
for the fear that in the Admiral's case the infirmity
will be chronic, since there appears but little prospect
that the nomination cure is possible.
It is known now that his candidacy is the result
of the straits of the Democratic party. Certain gold
Democrats who supported the Indianapolis platform
are anxious to eliminate the features of the "new
Democracy" brought into fantastic existence with the
advent of Mr. Bryan as the party leader. These gold
men want to get back into the organization, but they
cannot as long as they must accept the revolutionary
propositions of the Chicago platform. These gentle
men are reinforced by a very large contingent who ac
cepted the platform of 1896 and supported Bryan, be^
cause he was the regular candidate, and they preferred
not to break with the organization, but to stay with
it, hoping to see better days.
It must be admitted that among these are the best
politicians that were with Bryan in 1896. They are of
the class that support the ticket, pack lamps and en
courage the boys by shouting, though they may in
privacy cuss the candidate and roast the platform.
It must be said that Senator Jones, chairman of
Bryan's National Committee, and his managers, are
neither politicians nor statesmen. They belong to the
class of public men who think that things will occur
because they wish them to. They have neither fore
sight nor hindsight, nor do they see sidewise. In
fact, they don't see at all. They are superstitious and
expect to secure political results by conjuring.
Bryan suits them exactly. His idiotic optimism, his
oratorical prophecies, which never come true, the
numerous things he knows that are not so, seem to
suit them exactly. With them faith is that faculty
which enables them to believe what they know is not
true. They are pitied, feared and hated by the gold
Democracy and the politicians in the regular party,
and those two classes have combined to break the
spell by which they hold the organization in bond
age.
Out of this issues the candidacy of Dewey. The re
calcitrants in the Bryan camp and the gold Demo
crats, who want to get back and be regular, have got
together and wigwagged the Admiral, until he wig
wags back, thinking that the country is signaling for
him to come to its assistance. His name is to be used
at the Kansas City convention as a sponge to wipe
out the differences which split the party four years
ago. and after that those who have brought him out
don't care much what happens.
What will happen is already plain to men who heed
Patrick .Henry's advice against indulgence in the illu
sions of hope. No nominee of the Kansas City con
vention can be elected. The Chicago convention was
on a large scale a repetition of the Stockton conven
tion held in this State in 1884. which turned red-eyed
and used a cleaver to split the party from chin to
chine. Thousands of Democrats go on and pull
quietly until that tumultuous aggregation of dema
gogues is thought of, and they get mad and cease" to
pull or be quiet.
The American Democracy will never win until it is
born again, and in view of Colonel Bryan's injurious
volubility, the country will be glad to have it still
born, if possible.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigoratox.
The beat liver medicine. A vecetaMe cure fcr
liver ills, .biliousness. Indigestion, cunsticatloa.*
Special information' supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th-»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) s*> Mont-
gemery street. Telephone Main'lOU.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> atTowuaend***
STEPHEN WHITE ON THE TICKET.
Salt Lake Tribune.
It is said that Mr. Bryan favors ex-
Senator White of California for his run
ning mate in the coming campaign. We
think that is very natural. Ex-Senator
White is a bright man, a most lovable
man and he has been a righthand sup
porter of Mr. Bryan from the meeting of
the Chicago convention four years ago.
More than that, hl/< nomination might
carry- the State of California for Bryan,
and surely nothins else can. . -
Democrats, Silver Republicans and Populists are
striving to unite upon a running mate for William
Jennings Bryan. When the unfortunate is finally
chosen it would be interesting to know to just what
set of principles he is pledged.
Since the British are now agreed that what they
need most is army reform' they should bring their
army back from South Afrka and set to work. In
that 'way. they could reform themselves at the same
time with the army. , .'
CHINESE IMPORTATION FRAUDS
Alameda Encinal.
The more the Chinese importation busi
ness is looked into the dirtier does it be
come. It appears that upward of 3000
Chinese have been admitted by Collector
Jackson, all of whom claim that they
were born in this State, hundreds of
whom give the same building as their
birthplace and every one of whom re-r
markably enough left before July, ISS2*.
and are now returning for the first time.
The reason for this unanimity as to date
Is the fact that at that time the Govern
ment began to keep a record of every de
parting Chinese. On the face of it the
fraud is a glaring one, and unless blinded
by coin one can scarcely understand how
an officer could be so Ignorant as to ac
cept any such "evidence."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
STEREOTYPE AND ELECTROTYPE
— C, Seattle, Wash. There were a num
ber of men at about the same time who
discovered the principles of stereotyping,
but the first to put it to practical use
was William Ged. a goldsmith of Edin
burgh, in 17i}. The discovery of electro
typing is credited to Thomas Spencer of
Liverpool in 17C9.
POLL TAX— B. A. G.. City. The fart
that a man earns lesa than $12 a week
does not exempt him from the payment of
poll tax in California. The clause in the
constitution relative to that tax Is section
12 of article XIII. which says: "The Leg
islature shall provide for the levy and
collection of an annual poll tax of not
less than $2 on every male inhabitant of
thia State over 21 and under 60 years of
age. except paupers. Idiots, Insane persona
and Indiana not taxed."
ROAD AND OTHER TAX— H. T.. Iron
Mountain. Cal. Poll and road tax paid in
one State dors not exempt an individual
from payment in another State. The fact
that a man served as a volunteer in the
army of the United States docs not ex
empt him from payment of poll tax In
California. As to road tax. that is a mat
ter of county legislation, and the Super
visors m'Kht exempt such soldiers from
payment of road tax. but the other as to
poll tax is a constitutional provision
which cannot be changed except by vote
of the people. *
It now seems well assured that the Convention of
Republican League Club* at Los Angeles will be weil
attended and that a sufficient amount of enthusiasm
will be awakened there to start the campaign with vim
and vigor all along the line.
Vanity Fair of London is of the opinion that Brit
ish officers in South Africa play at war rather than
earn' on war. If that be the case Vanity Fair will at
least admit that the game thus far has not been child's
play for the officers..
If reports be true Oom Paul could organize an
army of his own and rot leave the family circle. He
now has in the war thirty-three grandsons, four sons,
six sons-in-law and numerous other relatives.
It ivi'l be remembered it took Kitchener two years
to make ready for his famous advance into the Sou
dr.n, and it looks now as if lie had persuaded Roberts
to repeat the tactics in the Transvaal.
Sculptor Wells, who loses his home for giving as
sistance to Ezcta, the revolutionist, probably has
Icrrned the lesson that it is wise not to concern one's
self in the affairs of others.
Ex-Coroner Hill is before the public again! this
ti:ne as an amateur pawnbroker. He probably drifted
into the role naturally," having had his reputation so
often in pawn.
The admirers of Queen Victoria may admire her
courage in taking a recent drive in a drenching rain,
but they certainly will not praise the old lady's dis
cretion.
General Miles, it is snid, is casting longing eye? on
the President y. He probably has discretion enough,
however, to rtalize that he is miles from the <roa!.
Otis not only failed to catch Aguinaldo. but is cora
«ne home before catching his second wind-
1500 LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, PLUSH CAPES and
VELVET CAPES, in all shades and sizes.
The entire stock will be ready for sale at 9 o'clock this
morning.
Ladies requiring such goods will do well to call early.
The above lines are positively the greatest bargains ever
offered.
THE GERMAN MERCHANT MARINE
ONE of the most interesting and valuable re
ports made by our Consuls for a long time
is that of Frank H. Mason, Consul General at
j Berlin, reviewing the rapid progress made by the
i Germans in building up an extensive merchant
marine, and setting forth the means by which the
j present great results have been attained. The report
j comes as a timely contribution to the discussion of
j the merchant marine bill now before Congress, and
' contains an important lesson for our lawmakers.
It is to Bismarck Germany owes the beginning| of
that wise and liberal legislation which has made her
I one of the foremost commercial nations on the globe.
I After the establishment of the imperial Government
1 Bismarck foresaw that the time would soon come
when Germany would change from an agricultural to
a manufacturing and commercial nation, and would
require a foreign market for her surplus products.
With his usual sagacity and vigor he set about pre
paring for one. and at once devised legislation to that
lend.
; In 1881 the Prince, who was then Chancellor of the
• empire, submitted to the Reichstag a long and elabo
j rate memorial based upon a review of the French,
mercantile marine act of that year, which appropriated
$4,590,000 per annum for ship subsidies. The me
morial also showed in detail how Great Britain was
I paying annually at the same time in postal subsidies
j $3,118,448 to steamship lines carrying her commerce
las well as her mail to all parts of the globe. His ap
peal to the Germans to follow the example of these
nations was cordially received, and a liberal system of
i subsidies to German shipping was inaugurated.
In this, however, as in many other thingsj Bismarck
was in advance of the ideas of his countrymen. We
are told that when he proposed the construction of
German vessels in German shipyards the great mer
! chants were skeptical. Even after the. governmental
I navy-yards at Kiel and Wilhclmshaven had con-
J structed several first-class warships, the shipowners
J hesitated to make the venture. It was not until fifteen
years after the launch. of the Preusscn that the Norch
German Lloyd and the Hamburg-American lines ven
tured to trust their home ship-builders and withdraw
their patronage from British contractors, and that
I they did this at all, it is said, was mainly due to the
fact that they were forced into it by legislation.
I Under the pressure of Bismarck's vigor, then, Ger
many entered upon the work of building her own
ships and extending her commerce. The empire was
I handicapped at the start by want of resources and
i experience in iron-working, and still more by the
general lack of confidence. The work went on, how
ever, and now the results are before the world. At
the present time the German commercial marine is
second only to that of Great Britain. In 1871 Ger
many had in her merchant fleet for ocean service only
. 147 steamers, with a tonnage of 81,994, manned by
4736 men. .On January 1. 1898, the date of the last
i official statistics, she had 1 1 71 sea-going steamers of
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. B. O. Nash of. Holllster Is at the
Russ.
Dr. C. C. Rounds of Rockport Is at the
Grand.
J. Ivancovich, a merchant of Hanford,
Is at the Russ.
F. P. Prlmm, a merchant of Redding,
is at the Grand.
Professor David S. Jordan of Stanford
Is at the Occidental.
E. C. Farnsworth, an attorney of Vl
salia, Is at the Lick.
Simon Bray, a mining man of Austin,
Isev., is at the Lick.
John T. Gomann, a vlneyardist of St.
Helena, is at the Grand.
Superior Judge Alfred F. Sears Jr. of
Portland, is at the St. Nicholas.
E. Meybem and Thomas Blckwell, mer
chants of Chico, are at the Grand.
E. S. Valentine, a real estate and In
surance man of Fresno, Is at the Lick.
N. S. G. Hough of Kansas City, travel
ing passenger agent of the Rock Island
route, is at the Occidental.
Charles C. Zoller and wife of Rochester,
I*. V., are the guests of F. William Kern,
at 2439 Seventeenth street.
W. H. Snedaker, general agent of the
Illinois Central, left laA night for Port
land to look after the agency recently es
tablished there.
Dr. John M. Williamson, president of
the Board of Health, has returned from
Portland, where he has been looking after
the interests of the dental department of
the State University.
William Sproule of the Southern Ffcclfl::
Company left last night for Denver,
where he will meet the members of the
Interstate Commerce Commission and
proceed with them to Chicago, where the
tinal hearing of the rate case will take
place.
H. Braunschwelger, president of the
firm of Braunschv.eiger & Co., left last
night for an extended tour In Europe. He
Will visit the principal cities of the world
and the Paris Exposition and remain
away for an indefinite period.
400 LADIES' MOREEN SKIRTS, in black and colored, at
$1.00, $1.25, $1.50, up to $6.00
1000 LADIES' -TAN JACKETS, TAILOR-MADE, value
for $10.00, will be offered at $7.50
Another suit for damages is to be filed against the
telephone monopoly because of the criminal negli
gence of the corporation. The patrons of the com
pany might save time and defense in securing their
rights by organizing a defense society and establish
ing a central bureau for complaints.
1000 LADIES' TAN JACKETS, TAILOR-MADE, value
for $7.50, will be offered at $5.00
There is no use kicking over the announcement
that the name of Jay Gould is to have a prominent
place in the New York Temple of Fame. It would
be better to congratulate ourselves that the name of
George Gould is not to be put there also.
100 LADIES' SILK WAISTS, in all shades and sizes, at
$2.90, $4-75> $6.50, $7.00, up to $12.50
1000 BLACK CREPON SKIRTS, all sizes, value for $7.00,
will be offered at $3-5°
400 NOVELTY SUITS, at $15.00, $20.00, $25.00, up to.
$65.00
200 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, appliqued, value
for $12.50, will be offered at $7-5°
BUILDING UP THE WEST.
rOR some time past our Eastern exchanges have
been giving considerable attention to efforts now
being ;nac'e by certain railwty companies to pro
i-iuic migration from the older States to those re
gions 01 the West which are tributary to the lines of
the promoting companies. It appears from reports
hat come to us that the efforts have met with marked
success, and that the westward flow of horae
¦eelcers has become notably lame.
The Chicago Times-Herald, for example, is quoted
as saying: "Railroads using Chicago as their gate
way have taken up internal improvement plans for
the territory between Chicago and the Rocky Moun
tains which involve the" expenditure of millions of
<io!iars and f an addition to present population from
::,ir.:ijrratio!i alone of at least 200,000 new people
within the next eighteen months. The number of
cew towns that will appear on the maps of the West
within the next year, or those to which from 500 to
600 new population is to be added, already number
173. Before 1902 it is believed this number will ex
ceed 200. Areas neglected in the past while trunk
lines were building are receiving the closest attention
Korn railroad land commissioners and traffic man
agers."
There may be some exaggeration in the estimate
that the emigration from the East will amount to 200,
000 within eighteen months, ¦ but there can be no
tloubl the numbers moving West are very large, ami
that the efforts of the railroads are going to prove
highly beneficial in building up the Sections through
which they pass. It is said the railroads undertaking
the most important part of this work are: Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe; Chicago and" Northwestern;
Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul; Northern Pacific;
Chicago and Eastern Illinois; Illinois Central; Chj
ccgo, Burlington and Quincy. It will be noted that
the Central Pacific and the Southern Pacific lines are
not among those that are striving to build up the
West. The host of home-seekers is not to be brought
to California. Our only consolation is that whatever
builds up any part of the Great West must be helpful
to this city and this State, and therefore, while the rail
ways line? that center here are doing nothing to pro
mote our progress, we shall advance in spite of
them.
500 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, value for $10.50,
will be offered at $7-5°
200 MISSES' GOLF CAPES will be offered at $3.00
200 MISSES' GOLF CAPES will be offered at $1.50
500 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, value for $5.50,
will be offered at $5-OO
800 LINEN SKIRTS, white inserting, value for $1.50, will
• be offered at $1.00
800 FANCY BRAIDED SKIRTS, value for $1.25, will be
offered at 75 C
1 1 50 LADIES' WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS, value for $1.00,
will be offered at 65c
1200 LADIES' MOREEN SKIRTS will be offered at. 3sc
1 150 LADIES' LINEN SKIRTS, fancy braided, will be
offered at SOC5 OC
DEMOCRATIC HARMONY.
IT is interesting that the reaction against the vaga
ries of Colonel Bryan and the most intolerant in
sistence upon them are both found, side by side,
in the West, more plainly outlined than elsewhere in
the country. At his late reception and dollar dinner
in Seattle there was an all-sided riot over the tickets.
Accommodations had been provided for 1000 guests,
and the committee concluded it would be a fine
chance to put the company on record, .so they pre
pared a printed blank application for a ticket in this
form:
I hereby make application for a ticket to the Bryan
banquet at Armory Hall on Monday evening, April 2,
1900. I am a member of the party and Indorse
the Chicago platform.-
Signature ¦ ,
Address — — .
Tickets $1 each; positively not transferable. Com
mittee reserves all rights.
To the great surprise of the managers the tickets
did not sell. It finally became plain that not 500
voters could be found in Seattle who would sign an
indorsement of the Chicago platform and pay a doi
lar to hear Bryan eat and see him speak. To keep
the victuals from spoiling the conditions in the appli
cation had to be withdrawn and the tables were fairly
filled by people who came from curiosity and had to
listen to a speech by Colonel Bryan reported to be
the dullest thing known on the Pacific Coast since a
Seattle carpenter used a carrot for an auger.
. About the time that this repudiation of the Chicago
platform and free silver was going on on Puget
Sound the 16 to 1 howl was echoing on the well sea
soned shores of Salt Lake. The Salt Lake Herald
rose and said: "Men talk about what the gold Demo
crats want. It doesn't make any difference what they
want, they won't get it in the Democratic party. The
advocate of a single gold standard is not a Demo
crat."
Now, there you have it!
Not enough Democrats in Seattle to keep a ban
quet from spoiling who will indorse a silver standard,
and the Herald reading out of the party all who in
dorse the gold standard. The situation suggests that
the Kansas City convention declare for no standard
at all, but for any well executed counterfeit money
that will pass. That would please Missouri and the
States roundabout. But fancy the Herald reading
gold standard men out of the party and Bryan sol
emnly calling them "assistant Republicans." It is
enough to make the dust of Jackson burst its cere
ments and jump out of the grave yelling "by the
Eternal" and other cusswords and feel around for a
gun, for Jackson said, "Gold is the universal and
only honest standard of value."
If he were alive now he would be an "assistant Re
publican," according to William Jennings Bryan, the
boy beautiful and Jack Cooke of Democracy.
. J. O'BRIEN & CO. beg to announce to the public that
they have closed out the Entire- Stock of a leading manufac-
turer in New York City at a discount o£ 33 1-3 oft " regular
prices. This purchase consists of Ladies' Tailor-made Suits.
Ladies' Tailor-Made Skirls, Ladies' Linen Skirts,
Ladies' Siik Waists, Ladies' Duck Skirts, .
Ladies' Silk Skirts, Ladies' Grass Linen Skirts,
Ladies' Tailor-Made Jackets, Ladies' Pique Skirts.
The Entire Stock will be offered this morning at the
Lowest Prices ever reached for new and desirable goods.
NOTE THE FOLLOWING WONDERFUL BARGAINS:
1200 LADIES' LINEN SKIRTS will be offered at... 25c
Special IC-flflfl M*
Purchase -lu y UUU 6 wits
FOB CITY AND SEASIDE WEAR.
969.800 tons, and crews numbering 28,266 men. She
has twenty-seven regular lines of steamships to Euro
pean ports and thirty-four to the rest of the world,
carrying the products of her industry to America,
Asia, Africa, Australia and every island of the sea
that offers a present or promises a future trade to the
fatherland. v
That is the object lesson which Germany presents,
and unless our statesmen are blind they will profit
by it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ APRIL 17, 1900.
BATTLE FOR THE
PEOPLE IN THE
FIFTH DISTRICT
The. Republican Congres
sional Committee to Meet
Next Thursday.
Democratic Press Outcry Against Pri
maries Designed to Divert Atten
tion From Phelan's Pro
gramme.
The Fifth Congressional District Repub
lican Committee (Max Goldberg, chair
man) will meet next Thursday evening to
consider the subject of holding primaries
for the election of delegates to the con
vention. Mr. Goldberg is not committed,
to the plan of appointing delegates. J.
Alva Watt, another member of the com
mittee, recently assured the State Central
Committee that primaries would be held
in the Assembly districts of San Francisco
belonging to the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict. Word comes from Santa Clara
County that the followers of the Good
Government League in that county will
not submit to the appointive scheme.
The zeal of the Democratic press in op
posing Republican primaries is the topic
of much comment. The joker in this
Democratic performance Is not at present
clearly revealed to the public, but the
revelation will be made later on when the
time comes for selecting delegates to thu
Democratic convention. The programme
of appointing delegates is already agreed
upon by Democratic bosses, but they fear
that the introduction of so much raw ma
terial at one dose will disgust the rank
and file of the party. In order to divert
attention from the carefully prepared plan
to pack the Democratic convention with
appointed Phelanites, a special effort Is
being made to discount the value of pri
maries, and persuade Republican voters
that appointed delegations will properly
represent the people.
It is not- likely that the members of the
Republican Congressional Committee in
the Fifth District will be governed by
the advice so freely tendered by the Phe
lan press. If the Democratic bosses
want to pack their own State convention
with Phelanites let them do so on their
own responsibility. The Republicans can
not afford to give the Democrats a prece
dent for "turning down" the people.
Seth Mann, chairman of the Democratic
State Central Committee, will ask the
members of that organization to meet in
San Francisco some day near the end of
this month. A meeting of the executive
committee may be held a day or two be
fore the general committee assembles. It
seems to be hettlcd that the State con
vention will be held in Sacramento, as no
inducements have been offered for a meet-
Ing elsewhere.
California will be represented in the
Democratic National Convention, which
is to meet at Kansas City July 4. by
eighteen delegates, two from each Con
gressional district and two for each Sen
atorial. The call of the Democratic Nation
al Committee dees not provide for Con
gressional district conventions. The
eighteen delegates will therefore be
chosen by the State convention, but the
right of each Congressional district to two
representatives will not be denied. No
discretion is given by the National Demo
cratic Committee as to the manner of
choosing delegates to comprise the State
convention, hence the Democrats may ap
point their delegates without consulting
the wishes of the voters belonging to the
party.
The call of the Republican Natlonat
Committee gives no warrant for creating
conventions by appointment, but. on the
contrary, expressly asserts that delegates
must be chosen in the manner of nom
inating candidates for Representatives in
Congress.
Democrats are greatly alarmed at the
prospect of a party demand for a primary
election In San Francisco. In order to al
lay agitation and direct the attention of
Democratic voters from the Phelan pro
gramme a great outcry is raised against
Republican primaries. It is well known
that Phelan could not rally a sufficient
number of voters under his new flag to
carry a single Assembly district of San
Francisco in a primary flection. The
scheme to appoint delegates to the Demo
cratic State Convention will be carried out
in Phelan's interest if the masses of the
party do not rise In their unwashed
majesty and soak the programme.
1146 Market Street,
TUESDAY APRIL 17. 19^
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Propr.etor.
»ddrpss All Ccrr.municaticn* to VV. S. LEAKE. Mana^-r
J LBLICITIOX OITICR..Mnrket find Third. S. V.
Telephone Main 1808.
i:;HTOR:AL t100M5....V1~ «o 221 s»even»on St.
Telephone Main 1N74.
Delivered hy Carrlern. IS Cents Ter Weelc.
Mnclr Copies. 5 Cent".
¦Teritjn by sfall. Inelncllnc Postmen
I»AILT CAUL (including Sunday), on* year tn.fift
T)A!LT CAM. 'incl-jdlns Sunday). 8 months 3°°
MAIUT CALI* ilncludlr.s Sunday). 3 months I.KO
DAU.T CAlXr—Ojr single Month «*•*
FCXDAY CALL. One \>«r !- 50
UIXKLT CALL. One Year 10 °
411 potlmailrr* ore nnthorlicrt to receive
¦ obnerlptlonti.
Simple crplfe wfll be r>ir«-Hr.l*4 when requested.
HAKL.OU OFFICK HIS nrondwrny
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Fo-r^n Advertising, Warauette Bu ; l iincj, Chicago.
¦ 1* - = Distance Telephone "Central 261?.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARi_TON Herald Square
xrw touk rei'Keskntattvt::
STEPHEN B. SMITH :..3O Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
£tieni:«T> Houee: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hutel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
Btt A3VCH OFFICES— r'T Montromery. corner cf Clay, open
until 3.30 o'clock. 300 HajfJ, open until 9:30 o'clock. 030
Mc> Ulster, epen until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Lnrk'.n. open until
V:3O o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 109«
\ alencla. open until i o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until
i» o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
i pen until 9 o'clock.
6CENTRAL PARK, S§SE
TWO irnEKg. Twinning Saturday. April Hth.
Trained Animal Show!
I-artT sr.d <>r*ndfr than Ever. Twice lt»
fo'-rtx-r *tz^. Three Hundred i;tcphantj>. I'onlea.
ticaietym *r.<! I^ics Givm* r r -'«ltlv«rly the most
cr.^J' «r.<j |./.v.«l exh-bitiun ever witnessed
ut;tt»» ratrvaa Refir^veatlnft the highest po«-
*lbl» d» vf-;. crnent «>f animal inKlllpence. 75—
WGSUFHVVi. ACTS—;.".. More ttnjtlln* and
ilJfi'-alt tlian ever nerformeO !¦« »h«-ir human
|rototyp« !n th* Fawdun nre?:a. The fad of
the <a»hlpna »<!»¦-? And an ir.Ftructlve rh<--vr tor old
•nd younir. A :¦. -• morai and refined enter-
tainment. The c!<-»in*Kt and l)t»>t drewed ex-
»:::•> oh tour. AdnilyFlon—Cfiildren, 10c;
AdoUa. r.-.c. }>rfrrrr-an<-e at 3 o'clock after-
rw/on. ?:2»> r.i^ht. pee Cnind J'arj,*i» *t noon
*i..». <Jay S>.,-« rain r.r «hln«
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFOSAVPARK.
FIXTH MEETING. April 3 to 20. inclusive.
Hi* toigh-clsk* runnlr.s races every week day,
ral:» pi thine. N-sirntujc at J:23 p. m.
Tli* I'iMil wtotat racetrack of Amrrlca. Pa-
tron* *tcp directly from the railroad cara into
* t-ufci!< crand stand. ciaa^-tnclostKl, where.
••©rifortJtWy liouaeU in had weather. . mey can
»njoy an unobstructed view of the race*.
Trains leave Th!rd and TonTifni streets at
]r:00. Io:4tf and 11: M a. m. and 22:1j. 12:3;. 12:50
en& I:2S %>¦ tn.. returntnr Immediately after
luf-t ru.^f *t 4:45 p. m. *>»ts in r«r c*r» r«-
errv*d f"T women »nd their ercort*. No inuk-
jnr VafTcia rtrvt*. V) minut** later.
gen Jote and Way Station*— Arrive at San
Uruno s»t UMi p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and *:tt :•¦ -'¦
ItATUS— Pan FrancJsro to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including ij,imlKß»on to track. $1.25.
*W. J. MARTIN. President.
V TT rniVVt. R»<-r*t«i«-v anil M»nar»r.
Xote These papers on practical »clenee have
been prepared for The Call's Home Study Clrcla
by Professor William J. Hopkins of Drexel In
stitute.
IV. PHOTOGRAPHY IN COLORS.
When we see the image upon the
ground-glass screen of the camera— an
exact reproduction in both form and color
of the appearance of the object— it doea
not seem so far beyond probability that
the very differences in properties of the
lisiht that produce the color sensations
and that work Buch wonders' in the photo
graphic film should of themselves register
upon the nlra the colors as truly as the
form. It is only to find a suitable sub
stance, a photographic eye. so to call it.
that is not color-blind. But this is not
so simple as it sounds. Such a substance
has never yet been found, although the
searchers for It have been and still are
many. Photography in colors, so far as
it has been accomplished at all. has been
accomplished by methods more or less In
direct.
The Three-Color Process.
The first real success was obtained 'by
completely breaking away from the older
ideas and using a method In which the
final colored photograph is obtained by a
very roundabout process. This method In
all its modifications owes Its successful
operation to certain . physiological pecu
liarities of color sensation.
Color Screens.
Suppose now that the light from any
source, a bright landscape, for instance,
is passed through a plate of clear ruby
glass. The ruby glass absorbs all colon
except a pure red, and the effect of using
such a ecreen is therefore to sift out
everything but red, one of the primaries.
A photograph taken through a red screen
will give a plate in which the form is re
produced in red values and In no others.
Similar photographs taken without mov-
AMUSEMENTS.
with the Czar and Martha \V. Tuft, owned
by Captain William Olson, after whom the
new vessel Is named.
The Alaska Commercial Company's re
modeled steamer Dora came over from
Oakland Creek yesterday. • She will be
fitted out here and will sail for Nome via
Seattle and Unalaska the latter part of
the month.
The transport Hancock, with the Philip
pine Commission aboard, sails for Manila
at noon to-day.
The ex-transport Tartar has been re
leased by the Government and is going to
carry freight and passengers from here to
Puget Sound.
Weekly Call, fl per" "Year
THE NEW
There are, according to a hurried count,
some fifjy styles — bewildering, that's the
word that best describes the assortment.
Commencing to-day these myriads of
Shirt V/aist beauty will be on sale. When
you come note these :
250 LADIES' WASH WAISTS, would be cheap at 75c,
but we are going to sell them for 50c. *
275 LADIES 1 WASH WAISTS at 75c, $1 and
30 dozen LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, waists lined,
regular prices $1.25 and $1.50, but will be sold
at 75c each, to close.
25 dozen LADIES' WASH UNDERSKIRTS, linen
effects, 75c each.
20 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS,
with corded flounce. 75c each.
15 LADIES' SILK UNDERSKIRTS, were $10 and $15,
now $5 and $7.50 each, to close.
JUST RECEIVED.
A SAMPLE LINE of LADIES' TAILOR-MADE
SUITS in Grays. Tans, Blues, Browns and Black.
Will De sold at one-third less than regular prices.
911 and 913 Market St.
"The Absent-Minded Beggar"
"Would not be In his present predicament if
he had taken his meals at Zlnkand's. Best
service and music always. " *
Services at Cypress Lawn.
The services for the dead, which are ob
served regularly on* Easter Monday and
All Saints' day. were held In the chapel
of -Cypress Lawn Cemetery yesterday
morning. Bishop Nicholls officiated, as
sisted by Mr. Sanford. the new- pastor of
St. John's. There was a large gathering
present, who afterward decorated the
graves of their loved ones with flowers.
Communion followed the services.
The Divorce Mill.
Suits for divorce have been filed as fol
lows: D. B. Files against Mrs. L. Files,
for cruelty: Eliza L. Louis against
Charles H. Louis, for failure to provide;
Sadie Urquhart against William L'rqu
hnrt for desertion; Catharina Gills
against John Gills, for cruelty: Margaret
Willis against Edward J. Willis, for de
ce judg I e Bahrs has granted a divorce to
Nellie Anderson from J. M. Anderson for
extreme cruelty, plaintiff to have custody
of minor children, $20 a month alimony
and $50 counsel fees; to Rosa E. Brady
from James Brady for failure to provide;
and to Kate Ryan from V*. W. Ryan for
failure to provide. '
Judge Dainprerfleld divorced Lou Huff
from John Huff for neglect.
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
ins? the camera— merely changing the
screen for one of green or of viulet — givw
other plates in which the picture la rt
corded In green or in violet vaiucs. Th»
images will be similat in the three plates
nnd similarly i laced, but will differ in
tone In the different parts in accordance
with the proportion of the. simple compo
nents which make up the light at thosa
parts.
Now, If positives are made from tha
three negatives and each color screen
combined with the positive corresponding
—or the positives might be colored with
suitable red. green and violet dyes— wo
have the elements of a color photograph.
The three colored positives may bo
mounted in throe lanterns and white light
projected through them. When the three
primary Images are in exact register on
the screen of the stereopticon the picture
appears in its natural colors.
The Joly Process.
There is one modification of the three
color process as outlined' above In which
the three primary plates are combined in
one. This is accomplished In the follow
ing way: A screen is ruled with fine lines,
200 or 30* or more to the inch, the ruling
being In the colors chosen as primaries-^
in thl3 case orange, yellow-green and
blue-violet. The lines are colored in reg
ular rotation, the first orange, the second
yellow-green, the third blue-violet, tha
fourth orange again, and so on. The three
primary color screens of the ordinary
three-color process are thus,- in a sense,
combined in one. A single exposure is
made in the usual way through this line
screen and a positive obtained, -giving the
three component color tones separately,
but divided into small portions in accord
ance with the ruling. A second screen of
ruling exactly similar to that of the first
is placed in contact with the positive, and
the picture viewed by transmitted light
appears in its natural colors. The colors
in the viewing screen are red, gr«en and
blue-violet.
Had Fourteen Fits in a Single Night and Frequent Spells of
Nervous Prostration* 7 Permanently Cured By
"For twenty years I was BUbject to
nervous fits and at times have suffered
greatly from nervous prostration. I had
as many as fourteen of those fits In a
single night. I was treated by good phy-
Eicians in Alma, St. Louis and Ithaca, but
gradually grew worse under their treat-
ment. I have taken an endless amount of
advertised remedies, but to no avail.
Eight years ago I began taking Dr.
Miles' Nervine and I commenced to get
better at once. The fits did not come so
ofttii nor so hard. After a few months
the fits erased altogether, but I have
never quite given up the Nervine, as I
feel the need of something at times to
brace me up and soothe my tired nerves.
This wonderful medicine has done more
for me than I can ever tell, for it ha 3
saved my life, besides hundreds of dol-
lars doctor bill.«. I am now 64 years old
and am feeling better to-day than I have
before in years. People for miles around
here know how bad I was before I began
taking Dr. Miles' Nervine, and many
through my recommendation have founu
it a relief for nervous troubles."
L. R. SIMMONS, Alma. Mich.
"My wife had suffered from attacks of
epileptic fits for twenty-ono years, and In
that time had been under the care of sev-
eral physicians without ever receiving
any lasting benefit. She has also tried
any number of advertised remedies with
no better results; but when she com-
menced taking Dr. Miles' Nervine she
could see a change with the first bottle.
She continued to Improve under that
treatment until the fits had entirely dis-
appeared, and she has been free from
them now for two and one-half years."
J. E. REID,
501 Klshwaukee St., Rockford, 111.
"When my sister, Edith Johnson, was
9 years old she was taken with Inflamma-
tory rheumatism and It turned into St.
Vltus' dance.* She was for six weeks that
she could neither walk nor talk, and was
in bed for ten weeks. We doctored and
doctored and she grew worse all the time.
We had to sit by her bed day and night
to keep her from jerking out onto the
floor. One day my father sent the doc-
tors all away and began giving her Dr.
Miles' Nervine, and before she had taken
two .bottles she could talk and walk. We
were greatly surprised to see how rapidly
she mended, and we think the Nervine
Is the greatest medicine on earth. We
also used Dr. Miles' Nerve and Liver
Pills in connection with the Nervine and
found them a splendid remedy."
MRS. HARRY QLEADALL,
650 Bond Aye., Marion, Ind.
Dr. Miles' .Nervine is sold at all drug
stores on a positive guarantee. Write for
free advice and booklet to
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.
A New Synagogue.
Articles of Incorporation of the Congre
gation Ansche Sfard. formed for the pur
pose of establishing a Jewish house of
worship In this city, have been filed. The
trustees are A. Bloom, S. Bercovltz and
I. Tannenbaum.
INSURANCE COMPANIES
MUST KEEP THE LAWS
Judge Hanford So Decided, and an
Appeal Is Taken to the Cir
cuit Court.
The Mutual Life Insurance Company of
New York yesterday filed an appeal to
the United States Circuit Court in this
city against the judgment of United States
Judge Hanford of the District of Wash
ington in the case of Caroline L. Hatha
way and her minor son, wherein judgment
was given against the company for 525U4 01.
Homer M. Hathaway, husband of the
plaintiff, took out a twenty-year life pol
icy for $3000. paying the first year's pre
mium of $113 10. Among the conditions of
the policy was one declaring the policy
forfeited If there was failure to pay any
of the yearly premiums. The insured
never made more than the first payment
and died five years later. The widow and
her minor son brought suit for the amount
of the policy, and Judge Hanford gave
judgment in her favor for $3000 less the un
paid premiums and Interest thereon and
plus the Interest on the amoun^ of the
policy. The decision was upon the ground
that the policy, being for twenty years,
was kept alive notwithstanding the non
payment of the premiums, by the mere
failure of the Insurance company to pro
ceed In the manner prescribed by the stat
ute to declare the forfeiture.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. .101 Montgomery.*
ttn.Tn.RAf* ce ° ld » nd £Sar»nt«ed by all druc-
KU" I U'DHU gists to CClEK Tobacco Habit.
CHINESE COOLIES ARE
EXPENSIVE ARTICLES
Secretary of the Treasury Chafing
Over Outlay of Money by the
Bureau.
Customs Collector Jackson received a
communication a few days ago from the
Secretary of the Treasury statins that
the appropriation for the maintenance of
the Chinese Bureau was being used up
at a very rapid rate, and directing the
Collector to discharge Carlton Rickards
and H. E. Silva. the extra Chinese inter
preters employed in the bureau. The Col
lector, after obeying the mandate, repre
sented to the Secretary that It wou^d be
impossible to continue the handling of
Chinese cases with only one Interpreter,
Dr. John E. Gardner, and that there
would be a glut of coolies, merchants, na
tive sons, etc.. In the detention shed at
the Mall dock unless one extra Inter
preter at least was restored. The Secre
tary gave the required permission, and
yesterday the Collector reappolnted "Doc"
Rickards to serve until June 30 of this
year.
Pleasant. Palatabie. Potent. Taste Good. Do
Good. >'erer Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. SdCSOc.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
Btcrilac S.*mr4j < oo>n»;, lhic«i», Muslrral. S*w T«rl. 311
CAL!FORNIA_ THEATER.
1 IT j THE REALLY
WAS GRUAI
UCSXCJU. EVENT OF THE SEASON.
PETSCHNIKOFF,
The Poet of the Vlolia.
HAMBOURG,
The Y<-.ur.p Fieg-frk-d of the Piaao.
AIME LACHADMB,
DisUßcnisbed Crmposcr and Pianist.
Second Concert To-Morrow Afternoon at 2:30.
-VTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
Re*erv<-J sweats 50c, JL Jl 50
Final Concert Next Friday.
THE HIT OF HITS!
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEViLLE COMPANY
AND ORPHEUM STARS
M.MiZELLA; GI.ITANu.S; FALKE: SER-
NON; DUNCAN; BELLMAN; MOOIJE;
DORUT GA.TTOR: DE FORRESTS; EMPIRE
COMKT>T KOJR: HAN VET: COOLEY:
WILBUR: FULLER: El BTEBBINB.
Reserved FratF. tsc: Balccry, 10c; Opera
fhrvr* and I! ,x Seat*. 50c.
Matins*-* Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
<oL-f H EAT R e
Every N:cht at S o'clock.
3D WEEK ano
CONTINUED SUCCESSI
KEVKR BEFOKE FVCIi A SUCCESS AT THE
ALCAZAI:.
I{ P » Pr .>,l Peat* f-'ir Day* In Advance.
PRICES— ISc, 2cc. 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
wiIRTAINLY I LViiRYBJDY
I IS
TALKING ABOUT THE SPLENDID PRO-
DUCTION OF
A BACHELORS ROMANCE
!f'j Lavishly Mounted ar.d F;r.e!r Acted by
7UR. JAMES NEILL
\v.i His Sterling Company
REUE3IBER EXTRA THURSDAY MATINEE
-KKiHLAR MATINEE BXTUBOAT.
NiKht— 2sc Sf'c. Trc. Matinees— :;<•. JOc.
>'«>at* Horn on Sale for Next Sunday Night.
A Macnlficcnt Production of •CAPTAIN LET-
TAJft BLAIR."
"After I was Induced to try t'ASCA-
QETS, I will never be without them in the house.
My lirer was In a Terr bad shape, and my head
ached and I had stomach trouble. Now. since tak-
ing Cascarets. I feel fine. My wife has also used
taers with beneficial results for soar stomach."
Jos. Keehling. l'jii Congress fit., St. Louis. Mo.
JOBBERS' DEFENDERS
RETURN FROM NORTH
They Are Well Satisfied With Testi
mony Taken Before Interstate
Commerce Commission.
President Baker. Attorney PHlsbury
and Traffic Manager Loveland of the Pa
cific Cuast Jobbers' and Manufacturers'
Association have returned from the north,
the taking of testimony before the Inter
state Commerce Commission naving been
concluded and the commission having de
parted for the East. They are well
pleased with the showing that was made
during the investigation. At Portland an
Important admission was made by certain
witnesses who appeared for the St. Louis
side of the case.
The differentials have been reduced to
northern points below those in force in
California. The witnesses were asked
whether the jobbers of the Middle West
had piven them the advantages, in view
of the lowered differentials, that they hact
claimed would be possible. The answei
was in the negative, so that the tesilmon>
went to justify all that has been claimed
by the coast jobbers and manufacturers.
The coast jobbers are quite confident
concerning the final Issue. The argu
ments will be made In Washington in June
and Attorneys Pillsbury and Merrln will
attend. There may be a little rebuttal
testimony then put In for the Middle
West, but the testimony for the Pacific
Coast was closed at the hearing In Port
land.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AID THE
WATER FRONT
Steamer Irrawaddy Will Now
Be Known as Charles
D. Lane.
She Was Purchased in the East by
the Millionaire Mine-Owner
for the Cape Nome
Trade.
The steamer Irrawaddy, now discharg
ing cargo at Harrison-street wharf, will
In a few days have her name changed to
Charles D. Lane. She was purchased In
the East last December by the millionaire
mine-owner whose name she takes, and as
soon as she can be got ready will enter
the Nome trade. Captain Weeks, one of
the best-known whaling men on the coast,
will command the vessel and Frank M.
Bucklin of the United States transport
Warren is to be the purser.
The Irrawaddy was formerly a British
steamer, but was wrecked on the Atlan
tic coast, got off by an American com
pany, repaired and placed under the
American flag. She was owned by the
West Indies Shipping Company, who sold
her to agents of Millionaire Lane. The
vessel is in first-class chape, all except
her boilers, which will be replaced before
she sails for Nome in May.
Hospital Ship Missouri Inspected.
The hospital ship Missouri was exam
ined from stem to stern and from keelson
to deck yesterday by a board sent out
from the East. The members of the board
ars General A. E. Bates, paymaster gen
eral. IT. S. A.; Major John M. Carson, ex
quartermaster of the transport Thomas,
and Major H. P. Kilbourne, M. D. Ac
companying them were Captains Barne
son and Matthews of the transport serv
ice. All the defects in the vessel were
pointed out. and the chances are that
the beard will recomend that the hospital j
fittings be taken out and the vessel turned
into a freight boat.
Old Time Boatman Dead.
"Ben" Franklin Pinkham, one of the
oldest boatmen on the bay, is dead. His !
greatest boast was that on several occa- j
sions he rowod Admiral Farragut from |
Vallejo to San Francisco. For years he j
made his headquarters at Folrom street I
wharf, but when the Mail Company ran i
Its side-wheelers to Central America and :
Australia Ben held out at the Mail dock, i
He used to tell, without blushing, that on I
one occasion he >and his Whitehall got un
der the paddle wheel of the Orizaba. Ben
caught hold of one of the buckets and was
carried around three times, finally landing
In his boat, which had miraculously es
caped destruction. Another of Ben's "feats
was his beating the ferryboat Solano in
a straightaway race from Port Costa to
Benicia.
Water Front Notes.
Hay & Wright yesterday laid the keel of
a new 190-foot schooner at Alarm-da Point.
She will be a little larger than the Luzon,
launched last Saturday, and is for the
Fame owners. The four-masted schooner
William Olson, building by the same firm.
is nearlng completion. She is for the Mex
ican trade and will run in conjunction
STEAMER IRRAWADDY, WHOSE NAME HAS BEEN CHANGED TO CHAS. D. LANE.
POLICE KEEPING
CLOSE ITCH ON
DIVE HABITUES
Crusade Against Dance Halls
Has Begun to Bear
Fruit.
Women Employed in the Besorts
Will Not Be Permitted on the
Streets During Certain
Hours.
The crusade instituted by The Call
against dens of Iniquity on the Barbary
Coast and elsewhere in this city has al
read begun to bear fruit. On the
Barbary Coast the women have
been excluded from barrooms, and last
night throngs of female characters who
until the recent exposure of the degrading
conditions in these resorts of the half
world hovered about the bars, drinking
and carousing with male companions of
a dissipated type, were lound confined In
other compartments apart from the main
barrooms.
Much of the stigma of debauchery which
has made the Barbary Coast notorious
has been removed, and recent orders is
sued by the Chief of Police have brought
about a condition of reformation. Sup
plemental to the rules laid down by the
Chief last Wednesday, and which have
been complied with, comes another, issued
late Saturday night, in which measures
are taken to bring the habitues of dance
halls directly under police supervision.
The European metnods of governing wo
men of the tenderloin and preventing crime
have been partially adopted, and keepers
of all such resorts have been notified
by officers from the California-street .po
lice station that hereafter all women em
ployed around dance halls must report at
such places for work at a certain tima and
take their departure at a specified hour,
and that during the time intervening none
of them shall be permitted to leave the
places and appear on the streets. By
strictly enforcing this order, which will be
done, the police will be enabled to locate
any woman at any time and to keep a
close watch on her doings.
Complaints of robbery in these places
have been received almost nightly at the
California-street station, and officers on
their beats in these districts have been
perplexed when they attempted to appre
hend the offenders. As a general rule, vic
tims have been either "doped" or made
nearly unconscious by bad liquor. Then
their pockets have been rifled of their
valuables. The women Implicated in
such transactions immediately disappear,
and when the persons who have been re
lieved of their property return with the
police to identify the criminals they are
unable to find them.
' The order given Saturday night will
greatly facilitate police operations and
will have a great tendency to place a
damper on crime of this description.
Quel or quelle: kel: what; before
masculine and feminine nouns in
the singular.
Quels or quelles; kell: what; before
masculine and feminine nouns in
the plural.
Quoi: kwa; what; Is used when it
stands by Itself or after a prepo
sition.
45. Nothing: rlen: ree ansr.
Something; quelque chose; kel-cuh
shoze.
4S. Something good;
Quelquc chose de bon.
47. Something pretty:
i Quelque chose de 1011.
; 4S. Nothing good; rlen de bon.
Note — Rlen and quelque chose stand in oppo
sition; the first means nothing, the latter ex
presses the idea of something. When they
stand before adjectives the word de mu3t al
i ways follow. Rlen Is also u?ed with ne and
j a verb, meaning nothing.
42. Is there a bureau of information?
Y-a-t-il un bureau de renseignement?
' rong-?ane-yuh-mong.
£>0. Vps«, thr>re la on«» to th* left:
Oui. monsieur, 11 y en- a un a gauche;
goh-ah.
j Note— In French they say: yes. there la of it
i one to the left; en meaning of them or it. ao
j cording to tiie sense.
, 51. Ah, there It i 3. I see it.
, Ah. le voila. je le vois.
j 52. Is your sister not arrived?
Votre soeur n"est-elle pua-arrivee?
j 53. Yea, I see her;
SI, la voila.
'¦ Note — In answer to a negative question y»s
Is translated by si.
54. Too much; too many; trop; tro.
65. So much; so many; tant; taun.
56. As much; as many; autant; oh-taun.
57. Have you too much to carry?
Avez-vous trop de choses^a porter?
por-lay.
58. I have not as much as you have;
Je n'en- ai paa^autant que vous;
non-ay pah.
59. We have as many trunks as they:
Nouswavona^autant da malles
qu'eux;
zo-taun quuh.
60. The small picture:
Le petit tableau; tab-blo.
61. My cousin is short, small;
Ma couslne est petite; pteet.
62. He travels little;
I 11 voyage peu; vwa-yahge.
63. She writes little;
E'lle ecrit peu.
64. We drank very little wine;
Nous^avons bu tres peu de yin;
dun vang.
Note— Little is translated by petit or petit*
(fern.) when it mean* small in size. Little
is translated by peu when it means little la
quantity.
65. A less misfortune;
Un moindre malheur; noaa-dr.
66. A smaller window.
Une plus petite fenfitre;
67. He sings less than his sister;
II chante moms que sa soeur.
Note— Less is translated by moindre (tha
comparative of petit) when it means something
less In gize. Less Is translated by moms (taa
comparative of peu) when it means something
less in quantity. The form plus petit, how
ever, is generally preferred to moindre. but
either is correct.
63. Do I write? est-ce que j'ecris?
Do we not write? n'^crivons-nous
pas?
69. Do 1 speak? est-ce que Je parle?
Do we speak? parlona-nous?
70. Do I know? cst-ce que ja connals?
Do we not know?
Ne connaissons-nous pas?
71. Do I travel? est-ce que je voyage?
Do we not travel?
Ne voyageons-nous pas? vwa-yazj
ong
72. Do I buy? est-ce que J'achete?
Do we not buy? n'achetons-noua pas?
Note — There is in French a separate and spe
cial interrogative form for the verb of tha
first person singular, in some tenses, which is
frequently in use. This form is particularly
employed to give more euphony to the pro
nunciation in conversation. "i'hey say in
French, via.: "Est-ce <iue Je choiaia?" is it
that 1 choose (and not choisis-je: choose I;.
This form must strictly be observed. Thla form
Is also used in other persona in all the ten.— •*
and forma.
Beading Lesson.
The following is a proper translation of
the French exercise of last lesson. The
student will carefully compare the same
as far as he is able, comparing the dif
ference of the two languages in their
construction. It is advisable that each
exercise be corrected, copied and again
compared. When all is found to be per
fectly correct read each phrase aloud
and study it by heart:
(1) 41st, 79th. 161st. (2) 409 th. 612. th<?
year 1900. (3> Twenty minutes after nine.
(4) Twenty-five minutes after four. (5)
Twenty-flye minutes to eight. (6) 1 can
not walk much. (7) At Paris we always
dine late. (3) The spring of my watch is
broken. (9) Where does the American
watchmaker live? (10) Clean It, and re
pair it at the same time. (11) Has he
asked you for the address? (12) How
many languages do they understand? (13)
He said in French: "Good morning, la
dies and gentlemen." (14) There are
many of our countrymen at the exposi
tion. (15) Do you expect to go there
often?
Vocabulary— Bofvent : drink. Beaucoup;
much. Tout; all. Chez; with. Aveugles;
blind. Algu; acute. Jeune; young. Mag
nifiques; splendid. Bleus; blue. Faites
vous; are you doing? Bruit; noise.
Lisent-elles? are they reading? Voyez
vous? do you see? Forte: strong. Savez
vous?. are you able. or. do you know
how? Apprendre: to learn. Faut-!1: does
It take? Salon: Picture Gallery (one of
the mest famous in Paris). Malles ;
trunks. Avarices: damaged. C'est dom
mage: it is a pity. En grimpant: In
climbing.
Read and translate Into English:
(1) Les Frar.c.als bcivent plus de yin qu©
les^Amfrlcalns. (2) Voyagez-vous beau
coup? (3) II a cholsi cc tableau, c'e*t le
plus beau de tous. <4) Chez les^aveuglea
le toucher est tres^algu. (5> Cette Jeune
Americalne a de magnifiques cheveux ft
des^yeux bleus. (6) Garqon! qu'est-ee
vous faitcs? Pas tant de bruit. (7) Cea
dames la-bas (over there*, que lisent
elles? (8) Ne voyez-vous pas elles lisent
cet-ecriteau. ($> Ma soeur s'est casse la
jambe en grimpant: elle nest pas forte.
(10) Combien de verbrs franqaia savez
voua? (Note — The student will observe
that savez-voua means do you know ami
avez-vous do you have: the first comes
from the verb savoir. to know, and th«
latter from the verb avoir, to have.) (ID
Lea plus beaux tableaux modernes
nont^exposes^au "Salon." (12) Combien de
temps (time) faut — 'il pour—apprer.dre le
francais? (13) Nos malles-'ont^Cte bien
endommajreea pendant le voyage. C'est
dommage. (14) Je sais plus de francais
que vous.
Note— The English translation of this exer
cise will be found In the following lesson,
which will be published on next Tuesday.
Note— These leysons have been prepared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Benno Kirschbaum of Philadelphia. They arc
intended primarily for Americans who purpose
attending the Paris Exposition. These ".csson.i
will include (1) common French, words ana
phrases, (2) easy conversation and (3) slrrpie
reading lessons.
LESSON WO. 9— NETJVIEME
J~* -X— \mJ \J ««/l *
A Few Useful Hints.
1. It is advisable that .he study should
be carried on by two or three in a cir
cle. Words and sentences must first be
read slowly and crefully. Try to make
as much use of the pronunciation given
as possible. Make the foreign intonation
clearly and naturally.
2. The intonation of the French is quite
different from the English. It ha 3 a pecu
liar accent at the end of every word and
phra.«e. It is a part of the language, a
part of the culture of voice; it has a cer
tain sweetness in it, and we do not say
it discouragingly, but as a matter of ex
perience, that very few Americans ever
can achieve the full, perfect pronuncia
tion. Therefore, our advice to students Is,
try to pronounce as correctly as you can
and make yourself understood as well as
possible, improving by degrees, according
to the amount of knowledge you have of
the language.
3. Although these lessons and sentences
may seem to be somewhat irregular and
disconnected, we have made them so in
tentionally, our aim being to keep up the
Interest of our students. At the same
time we give only such sentences and
phrases as will be required by those who
expect to put them to a practical use. It
will be observed, however, that each les
son has a certain aim and purpose, and
also that we try as much as possible \o
refesh the minds of students by repeating
combinations and words of which the
learner has already a knowledge, thus
obviating the necessity of a copious vo
cabulary.
French Adjectives
Fine; beau; bow.
Finer; plus beau.
Finest; le plus beau.
Pretty: joli; zjo-lee.
Prettier; plus Joli.
Prettiest; le plus Joli.
Large, big; grand:
Bigger, larger; plus grand.
Biggest, largest; le plus grand.
As in English, in French, too, the ad
jectives can ba compared. The compari
son in French is done, however, in the
following manner:
(a) The "er" of the English, as in finer.
Is rendered by the word plus, more, as,
"plus grand," larger, or more large.
(b) If the noun is feminine the adjective
has an c, as une plus grande main; a
larger hand, or a more large hand; oon
plooh grand mang.
(c) While it is necessary to place the
adverb "plus" before the adjective to ex
press superiority, the adverb "moms."
mwo-ang. less, must precede the adjective
if inferiority is to be expressed, as:
A less big man; un moms gros-'homme
gro-zaum.
A less big woman; une moms grosse
femme; groce
(d) In placing "aussi." oh-ssee. as. be
fore an adjective, equality is expressed,
as:
John is as big as Peter; Jean est- aussi
grand que Pierre.
Mary is as pmiable as Jane; Marie
est"^aussi almable que Jeanne.
(c) le, la or les with either plus or moina
is always required if the superlative is to
be expressed, as:
Le plus grand cheval; the largest horse.
La plus-aimable fille; the most amiable
girl.
Les plus beaux tableaux; the finest pic
tures; etc.
<f) For adjectives ending in certain let
ters, such as heureux, happy; las, lah,
tired, the same must be observed a3 in
the rules given for nouns.
Memory Exercises.
1. The elements; lea elements.
2. The earth: la terre; lah tairr.
3. The sea; la mer; lah mairr.
4. The fire; le feu: luh fun.
5. The water; l'eau; 10.
6. The senses: les sens; lay song.
7. The sight; la vue: la vuuh.
8. The hearing; I'ouTe: lou-ee.
9. The smelling; l'odorat; 10-do-ran.
10. The taste; le gout; luh goo.
11. The touch; le toucher; too-shay.
12. Eyes; les yeux; lays yeuh.
13. Ears: les oreilles; lay zor-aye.
14. Brow; le front; luh frong.
15. Hair; les cheveux; lay sheh-vuh.
15. Head; la tete; lah tait.
17. Nose: le nez: luh nay.
IS. Mouth: lah bouche; la boosh.
19. Lip; la levre; lah levr.
20. Chin: le monton; luh mon-tong.
21. Palate; le palais; luh pal-lay.
22. Tongue; la langue; lah long.
23. Hand: la main; lah mang.
24. Finger: le doigt: dwa. ,
25. Nail; Tongle; longl.
26. Foot; le pied; luh pec-ay.
27. Body; le corps; kor.
2S. The health; la sante; son- tay.
23. The sickness; la maladie; mah-lah
dee.
30. The indisposition; l'lndlsposltlon;
ahn-deece-po-zee-see-ong.
31. T raised my eyes; j'ai leve les yeux.
32. He broke his leg; 11 s'est casse la
jambe.
33. Her eye hurts her; elle a mal a l'oeil;
ell ah mahl ah loiy.
Xote— ln speaking of the members of one's
own body, the French do not use the pos
sessive .adjective, such a.a my. his. her. etc..
but simply the definite article, the, ¦as seen
above.
34. Translate this letter for me;
Tradulsez cette lettre pour mol;
trah-dwee zay cett lettr poor mwa.
15. Can you translate this sign?
Pouvez-vous tradulre cet-ecriteau?
poo-vay voo tra-dweer sett tay cree-to.
36. Certainly; certalnement; salr-tenn
mong. . . . .
37. It reads, "No admittance.
C'est "defense d'entrer";
say-day faunce d'on-tray.
3S. What are you doing?
Que faltes-vous? kuh fett voo.
33. What book are you reading?
Quel livre llsex-vous?
kell lee-vr-lee-zay voo.
40. What church is this?
Quelle est cette eglise?
kell ay sett tay gleeze.
41. At what hotel?
a quel~ hotel? ah kell o tel.
42. To what ladies have you spoken?
A quelles dames^avez-voua parle?
ah kell dam zah-vay voo parlay.
43. Wh*t? quo!? ' >* v ~ ¦ .
44. With what? avec quo!? avek qwa.
The expression of "what" causes some
dllHculty, as a rule. The above serves as
an example. The stutlent may take the
followinn rule for direction In forming:
sentences wherever "what" occurs:
Que; cuh; "what/; Is used when It
means "what thing." then It
' . stands In connection with the
verb.'
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1900.
iPi Ui Jw/ CATHARTIC
TRACt MA*K mtOlSTttttO _^^
AMTTSEMENTS.
m s y w q$ Baa y w
AM I A WIZ? YOU BET I AM !
THE GREATEST TRIUMPH YET KE-
CORDED.
A BRILLIANT AND COMPLETE SUCCESS!
This is the General Verdict for the Superb
Comic Opera,
"THE
THh ±% A JLJ JLj
EVENINGS at S. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
Seats on Sale One Week Ahead.
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
Second Crowded Week.
Lnpt 6 Nichts and Matinee Saturday,
\AIIY\. H. W/ESTS BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE!
NOTICE.
FYTPi Special Feature. Beginning
l^^V n. «V/A» Wednesday Nlrht— The Musi-
cal RestfatUm. "THE ALTAR BOY S DREAM."
Novel .S-.-«-n!c Effects.
r» re lir: ti s DDC, 5uC, 70C, §\.
Next Monday- WARD and YOKES in the
rr.UKlcal farce. "THE KI/SOR WALKERS."
PHONE MAIN' E3*.
THK TAUK OF THK WHOLE CITY.
GENUINE TRIUMPH OK OUR NEW YORK
COMPANY IN THE GREATEST EX-
THAVAOANZA PRODUCTION SAN *
FRANCISCO HAS EVER
KXOWN.
- — DAVID HENDERSON'S FAMOUS
Or AU BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES
CItOWDEf) EVERY NIGHT. .
Seats on Sale Two Weeks in Advance.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserve^ Seat In Orchestra at Saturday
and Sunday Matinees. r.c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
FISCHER'S CONCEhTHOUSE,I22-24O l FarrellSt
The handsomest music hall in America. E.
A. Fischer. Proprietor: Ceo. Mooser, Manager
The best music, the finest voices. Patronized
by the best people, <~srar.il opera for one dime.
No reserved seats; come early and avoid the
niFh. Great Easter bill. Slgnor Badaracco,
Kirnorina Barducci. Senor VarEas. Slunorina
Pollettiftl. Siltnorina Puererl, the beautiful Sal-
vinl, Thos. Dunn, the wonderful boy soprano,
and "Cavalleria Rustlcana." Illnrichs' Superb
Orchestra. Matinee Sunday. lOcAdmißsion— loc.
>£^*X STRICTLY
faf A RELIABLE
ffl^fj BR. TALCOTT
A\^k&>^A\ Diseases and Weak-
yf V\ \7*l\. nesses of
mmtmmii only.
V, \r)\ // 987 Mtrkst St, Cor. 6th.
\ J Entire Upper Floor.
7Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 54^
Sterling Exchange, 5ight......... — 4 gsi£
Sterling Cables — 4 834
New York Exchange, 5ight....... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — jq .
Fine Silver, per ounce... — 1,9%
Mexican D011ar5............. 484 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Emilie Galline takes for Cork
C 7.756 centals, valued at $56,400.
It was a holiday at' Liverpool and Paris and
Local securities were dull and unchanged
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange.
The same conditions prevailed in the after
noon.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company has not
yet declared a dividend this month. The March
dividend was passed. The previous announce
ment regarding the April dividend was er
roneous.
Local corporations paid dividends yesterday
as follows: Bank of California, $4 per share,
$80,000; California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany. $150 per share, '$15,000; Oakland. San
Leandro and Haywards Railroad Company, 20
cents per share, $1600; Presidio Railway, 10
cents per share, $1000; Contra Costa Water,
40 cents per share, $19,610; Kilauea Sugar. 25
cents per share, $10,000; Makaweli Sugar. 60
cents per share, $17,407; Pacific Telephone, 40
cents per share, $13,200; Sunset Telephone, 25
Cents per share, $7500.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. April 16. 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. , Bla A.«k.
U S Bonds— lEqult G L Co. 3% 3%
4s quar e0up..114%J154 Mutual El Co. l"i.
4s do res 114%1154 OG L& H.... — 47
4s do cp new. .132 — Pac Gas Imp.. — 50
Ss do coup 110 — Pac L Co — 45
Miscellaneous- S F G & E-... 50* i 51
Cal-st Cab 55..117%120 San Francisco. 44 4%
C C Wat 55. ..106% — Stkn GttCo 10 —
Ed L & P t>9..1?-j — Insurance —
F&CI Ry 65. .114 — Firem's Fund.229 —
Geary-st R ss. — 924 Bank Stocks—
H r A S 645. — — Ang!o-Cal Ltd. 64 —
Do 6s 105 106 Bank of Ca1. ..405 —
L A Ry 55. ...104 104% Cal SD & T..103 —
LAL Co 65... — — Kirst National. — 2»o
Do gtnd 65.. — — Lon P & A. ..132 —
Do gtnd 55.. 98 1004 Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & t' R 05.1^% — Savings Hanks —
Market-st 65...J25% — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Do Ist m 55.. 116% — Ger S & L..1550 —
NCN G X 7s. wi — Hum S& L. — —
NR of Cal Kp.li3% — Mut Say Bk. 45 — ".,
N Pof Cal a 5.115 — S F Say U.. 5124 — •
NPC R X 6S.HH4 — Say & L So. 74 78
N P C R R 55.107%107% Sec Sev BK. — —
N Cal R R 55.. 112 — Union T Co. — —
Oak G L&H55.109 — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65.. .114 — California 119%122
Oak Wto Ss.. - 1054 Oeary-st SO —
Oceanic S C 0. .106 — Market-st Ry.. 63 634
Om C Ry 65. .125 — U S L. & H...i»» — i»»
P& Cl Ity 65..1U4% — Presidio 16 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks —
Powell-st R 65.U7 — rr n i|fornla 15S irs
Sar I. A- GRS* •*> — Giant Con Co. S2 82%
S F & SJV 55.H6% — Vlgorit 34 3H
S Ry of Cal 65. 111% — hunar stocks—
SPof A 65... 113 — Hana S P Co.. 9 94
SPC 6s (1903). 103 — Haw C&S Co 88% 85%
Ijo (l.<o<ij ill — Honokaa S Co. 33% 334
Do (1912) 11S% — iHutch S P Co. 26*4 25%
l>o im off 6s. — — (Kllauea S Co. 214 224
SPBr 6s 12741284 Makagell S Co 4S 45%
S V Water 65. 1144114% Onomea S Co.. 284 —
Do 4s 104 — Paauhau S Co. 32 324
SV W r (3d m). 102 — M>«rellane.>u«-
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 Al Pack Assn. 118 1184
Water St. cks- Cal Fruit Ans.lo4 —
Contra Costa.. 64% 66 M.r F.x Assn.. — mo
Marin County. — — Oceanic S Co.. — 35%
Spring Valley. 95% 96% Pac A F A.... 3 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.150 —
rent <~i I. rv>.. - — - Par Paint Co. 10 —
Cent L & P... 3% —
Mornincr Session.
Board —
60 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 89 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 33 374
$20«0 Los Angeles Ry 5s 104 23
2>K> Makfiweli Sugar Co 48 374
200 Oakland Gas 46 75
$4000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 114 00
10 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 50
60 Paauhau S P 31874
10 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 25
10 Spring Valley Water 96 00
Street—
30 Alaska Packers* Assn 118 00
110 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 118 00
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 6s 104 25
80 Makawell Sugar Co 48 374
25 Paauhau S P Co. b 20 32 25
$3000 S P Branch Ry 6s 127 374
100 S F Gaslight 4 50
10 S F Gas &. Electric Co, s SO 50 25
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 374
2 Spring Valley Water 96 00
Street—
67 Anglo-California Bank 66 00
40 Honokaa S Co 33 374
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Anaconda 45
150 Barker Ranch 1 15
500 Caribou 43
125 Home Oil 4 00
50 Home OH 3 95
50 Yukon 130
Afternoon Session. •
Board —
60 Barker Ranch 1 15
100 Dominion 40
25 Home Oil 4 05
100 Home Oil • 4 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
' l> ' Mornlnff Session.
60 Best & Belcher 30: 200 Ophir 80
300 Best & Belcher 31 1 200 Ophir 81
100 Caledonia 150' 200 Overman 23
300 Con Cal & Va..l 80 600 Potosl 31
500 Con New York. 05 300 Savage In
200 Gould & Curry 30 100 Scorpion ....... 02
100 Hale & Norc... 42 100 Sliver Hill 2D
100 Hale & Norc... 41 200 Union Con. 34
100 Mexican .39 60? Yellow Jacket. 36
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 071 100 Ophir SO
200 Belcher 31 ( 350 Potosl 32
200 Best & Belcher 30; 200 Silver Hill 1}
100 Caledonia . 175 j 100 Silver Hill 18
200 Challenge 25 300 Utah 13
150 Con Cal & Va..l 80 300 Yellow Jacket. 36
800 Gould & Curry 30 300 Yellow Jacket. 37
200 Justice — .•••• OS
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock E»chan*e yesterday:
Morning Session
600 Alpha Con '06 200 "-•» & Norc... 41
100 Caledonia 160 200 Ophir' 81
200 Challenge Con. 27 200 Overman 23
600 Con Cal & V.I 774 200 Overman :»
200 Con Cal & Va..l 801200 Seg Belcher C 5
200 Confidence 01 200 Sierra Nevada. 55
DOO Crown Point... 21 600 Utah 12
1000 Crown Point... 22 400 Utah ........... 13
200 Crown Point... 23 200 Yellow Jacket. 34
300 Gould & Curry SO 400 Yellow Jacket. C 6
500 Gould & Curry 31 400 Yellow Jacket. 3S
100 Hale & Norc... 43
Afternoon Session
300 Alpha Con ;... 06 200 Gould A Curry ?1
800 Andes " 300 Hale & Norc... 39
1200 Belcher .". 32 800 Oph r 81
1000 Belcher 31 600 Ophir 79
200 Belcher ........ »> 600 Overman 2S
300 Best & Belcher 29 600 Overman 27
*200 Con Cal & V.I 774 500 Potosl «!>
300 Con Cal & Va..l 75 200 Sierra Nevada. C 4
500 Con New York 04 1000 Utah 12
500 Crown Point... 22 200 Yellow Jacket. 35
400 Gould & Curry 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. April 16—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 0-5 OS Justice 06 07
Ai ta 06 OSlKentuck ....... 01 03
Andes 11 12! Lady Wash — 05
Belcher ........ 30 3l!Occidental 14 16
Best A Belcher 28 29!Ophlr 77 78
8u11i0n' ......... 04 OoiOverman 27 28
Caledonia ......1 65 1 701Potosi ?0 33
NEW YORK. April 18.— FLOUR— Receipts. 32,
22* barrels: exports, 22.733 barrels; sales. 9600
packages. Market was quiet but firmly held,
particularly spring clears, which are being held
off the market. v
WHEAT— Receipts, 33.300 bushels; exports,
C 4.425 bushels; sales, 1.700.000 bushels futures,
200,000 bushels export. Spot, firm; No. 2 red,-
Sl'ic f. o. b. afloat: spot No. 2 red, 784 c ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 77»%c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 81Hc f. o. b.
afloat prompt : options opened steady and were
later advanced b*- fears of cold weather In the
West following Ideal conditions, together with
the early strength In corn, damage news from
South Russia and from Ohio: trade was rather
quiet all day. owing to holidays abroad: clotted
firm. Vi«iS« net advance; May, 73 13-16<8"74%c,
cloned 74'»c:'July. 73"i®74 11-16e. closed 74c: Sep
tember. 73 IS-1687414C Closed 74% c.
HOI'S— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 Invoice,
8c: do Jobbing, t 7-16 c; mild, market quiet,
Heady. Futures doped firm, 10 to 20 points
hlghet. Total sale*. 78.750 bags. Including May,
$6 69: July. $7: September. $7 10® 7 20; October.
; $7 15@7 SO; November, $7 15: December. $7 45©
; 7 50; January. $7 60.
! SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining. 4c: centrl
j fugal. X tesu 44c: mo!ass«g sugar. 3 15-16 c; re
i fined, firm; crushed, 6.65 c; powdered. 6.25 c;
granulated. 6.13.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9000; unsettled: Western
creamery.' IC@lSc; factory. 14@16c.
EGGS— P.ecelpu. 16.807 packages; fair etor
ace We«tern at; mark.. 12%5'13c;. regular pack
ing. 12%@U4c: Southern at mark. 1140124 c.
DRIED 'FRUIT.
•Trading wu 'slack' In 'the market for ' evap
orated apples to-day. The undertone, however.
New York Grain and Produce.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery. 14'glSc: dairy, 13y>
16c. Eggs steady; fresh, 10% c. Cheese, firm;
12&14 C.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CATTLE— Receipts. 19,500; steers generally 10c
lower; butchers' stock, eteady. Natives: Best
on sale to-day, one carload at $6; good to prime
steers $4 901(6; poor to medium. $4 10®»4 75; se
lected' feeders, $4®4 SO; mixed stockers, $3 40@
3 90; cows. $3<i4 60: heifers. $3 15i34 75; canners.
12 25132 60: bulls, $2 Soft 4 23; calves, $4 50®7 25.
Texans: Receipts. 500; best on sale to-day,
$4 87 y. • Texas fed steers, $4&5 25; Texas bulls,
$3 2>'ii"3 70.
HO ( jS_rteceipts to-day, 34.000; estimated to
morrow 25,000. Hogs slow to 5c lower; top,
$5 75- niixed and butchers, $5 4505 70; good to
choice heavy $5 60^* 75; rough heavy. $0 45®
v r,5: licht. $0 40@3 624; bulk of sales, $5 55®
5 65.'
SHEEP— Receipts. 16.000. Sheep about steady:
lawibs 10c lower; good to choice wethers, $6@
6 45; fair to choice, mixed. $5Q6; Western sheep.
$ClrG 35; yearlings. $6©« 50; native lambs, $5 60"&/
7 40; Western lambs, $637 40.
OMAHA
OMAHA. April 16.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2700;
market shade lower; native beef steers, $4 20' a:
5 40; cows and heifers, $3 40<§4 60; canners.
$2 2553 30; stockers and feeders, $3 75^5 10;
calves. $4-8:7; bulls, stags, etc.. $2 80®3 90.
HOGS— Receipts, 6400: market shade to fie low
er. Heavy, $5 40^5 674: mixed, $5 40@5 424;
light $5 35*35 424; pigs. $o@s 40; bulk of sales,
$5 40«5 424-
SHEEP— Receipts. 3300; market active, steady.
Yearlings. $5 751j6 35; Western muttons, $5 50®
6 15; stock sheep. $4 50@-5 50; lambs, $6@7 30.
KANSAS CITY
KANSAS CITY, April 16.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 4000: market steady to lower. Native
steers! $3 8305 40; Texas steers, $3 90@4 75;
Texas cows, $2 75^4 ; native cows and heifers,
$1 60^4 to; Btockers and feeders, $3 45@5; bulle,
$2 25©4 55.
HOGS— Receipts. 8000; market weak to 5c
lower; bulk of sales. $5 40®5 53; heavy, $5 45®
5 60; packers, $6 40@5 55: mixed. $5 35®5 6u,
light, $5 HOSS 45; yorkers, $5 35®5 45; pigs, $4 10
(Q-5 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000; market strong.
Lambs. $5Q7 30; muttons, $3 60@S 60.
DENVER,
DENVER. April 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, SOO.
Market steady; beef steers. $4 15®4 75; cows. $3
«H 25; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 60®5;
stockere, freight paid. $3 75@5; bulls, stags, etc.,
12*83.
HOGS— Receipts. 600. • Market 5c lower. Light
packers $5 45*85 60; mixed, $5 45@5 00: heavy,
$5 lOflT. 25.
SHEEP— Receipts none.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 16.— 1n the absence
of advices from London the metal market
was dull all day. Tin, though very quiet, ruled
a shade lower, owing to scarcity of buyers,
closing dull at $31 124231 60.
Lake Copper was unchanged, but firm, clos
ing at $17.
Lead and Spelter continues ¦to rule about
steady at Unchanged prices, closing at $4 674
bid and $4 724 asked and $4 724 bid and $4 774
asked respectively. The brokers' price for lead
was $1 45 and for copper $17 25.
PIGIRON warrants were dull and nominal.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. April 16.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, April 14, as complied by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 35,273,000 bushels; decrease. 139.000
bushels. Corn. 24,788.000 bushels: increase 1,769,
000 bushels. Oats, 7,543.000 bushels; Increase,
69.0C0 bushels. Rye, 1,311.000 bushels; Increase,
85,000 bushels. Barley, 871,000 bushels; Increase,
159,000 bushels. I*U/M*
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 16.— Clearings. $885,549
balances. $00,406.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 16. —Farmers are undoubt
edly all taking advantage of the fine weather
and there is very little wheat offering. Ex
port value of Walla Walla Is In the neighbor
hood of 53®54c and 66c Is obtainable. Valley
ls quiet at 63054 c; blue stem, 66@57c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 16— WHEAT— Market quiet
and no change in quotations. Blue stem S6c
club, 64c.
EASTERN MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Monday. Aoril IS.
Etmr Rival. Johnson, VI hours from Wlllap*
H Stmr r ' Pulton. Johnson. 30 hours from Trlni-
Aa iimr South Portland. Hall, 102 hour* from
Oyster Harbor. . , t-mm
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. IS hours from
Usal. bound to Mexico: put Into clear.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 62 hours from San
P Xcr°'.tmr Tltanla. Egenes, 87 hours from Xa-
""shtoMay Flint. Davies. 13 days from Seattle.
Bktn Gardiner City. Schmehl. 1 days from
Willapa Harbor. _„_?,,«
Ektn Ara«o. Perry. 7 days from Knappton.
Sloop Impossible.. Law. 6 hours from Point
Schr Lily. Bottger. 5 days from m .P c > ua - rv _
Schr Antelope. AsDlund. 6 days from
Schr Coquelle. Pearson. 5 days from Coquill*
from Astoria.
USAL— Sailed April I«— Stmr Gr*c» Dollar, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Barbound April 18— Stmr Em-
P GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Arril 15— Schr Vol
unteer, for Santa Rosalia; Ar schr Novelty.
from Kahului, and ordered to Port Townsend.
Arrived April 15— Schr A. C. Thayer. from
"PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April 15-Schr Ad
miral, hence April 7.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 18. at U a. m.— Stmr
Emptre. for San Francisco.
NEWPORT S.— Arrived April 15— Stmr Se
quoia, from Fort Bragg.
HUENEME— Arrived April 16— Schr Peerless,
from Port Blakeley. —,''•..*»
COOS B\Y— Sailed Aaril 18— Schrs Webfoot
James A. Garfleld. Glen and Abble. for Saa
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 15— Br ship
Queen Elizabeth and schr C. S. Holmes, from
SAN DIEC.rC-Sailed April 18— Schr Mabel
S^\>; PKPRO-Sallpd April IS— Stmr Sequoia,
OBUREKA— SaiIed April 16— Stmr Pomona, for
"'an Francisco: stmr Westport. for San Firan
ct«'co Passed at sp. m.— Tug Samson, with
ba'ge Washoucal in tow. from Astoria, for San
Francisco. FonEIfJX pORT9 _
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. APRIL IS.
Sun rises 5:32
Sun sets 6:47
Moon rises 9:37 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day 1p the order of occurrence as to time. The
second ¦ time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time «wlumn the third tide
and the last or risht hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Ktven are In addition to the soundinss on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slsrn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the- number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ls the mean of the lower low waters. .
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Acril IS. at 3 d. m.—
Stmr Alameda. for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN-Sailed April 13-Stmr Peru, far
previous to April
10-Br'bark Ro*e. from Moody vllle.
SUNDEP.LAND— Sailed April 13— Br thlp
Lauriston. for San Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed April 12— Br ship Eudora.
for San Francisco.
KINSDALE— Passed Aoril 15— Br shlo Lanff
dale from Tacoma. for Liverpool: April 16— Br
ship Leyland Brothers, from Oregon, for
Queenstown: Br ship Sierra B'.anca. hence Dec
23 for Liverpool.
GRlMSBY— Arrived April 14— Fr bark Europe,
hence Nov 17. April 15 — Br ship Sardonene.
llULi*— Arrived April 13— Fr bark Anne, henca
Vov 15: Br ship Silberhorn. hence Dec 5.
" BRlSTOL— Arrived April 13— Br ship Bahane.
hence Dec 17.
Qaeenstown— Arrived April l.>— Br ship Sierra
Miranda, from Oregon: April 16— Br ship Kelt.
hence Dec 21; Br *hlp Crown of Germany, from
Oregon. Sailed April 13— Br bark Inverurie. for
Waterford. Arrived Aortl 14— Br shin Alcl
nous. from Oregon; Br ship Kirkcudbrightshire,
from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April IS— Br shiD Ben
ecia. from Orezon: Br ship St. Mungo. from
Oreroi-
ANTWERP— Arrived April 13— Br shlo Eer
mmla. from Oregon.
HULL— Arrived April 12— Br sh!p Valkyrie,
hence Nov 17.
KlLRUPH— Arrived Apr!! 13— Br ship Kate
Thomas, from Oregon.
NAGASAKI— Arrived prior to April 14— Ship
A. J. Fuller, from Philadelphia.
LElTH— Arrived April 14— Br ship Dlmsdalo.
hence Nov ?..
LIMERICK— Arrived April 14— Br shio Kate
Thomas, from Orecon.
NEWCASTLE. Australia— Sailed April 14— Br
ship Afghanistan, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GENOA— Arrived April 13— Stmr Aller. via
" ANTWERP-Arrived April 14-Stmr Fries
land, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 16-Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm rter Orosss, from New York,
via Cherbourg, for Bremen.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Anril IR— Stmr Alameda.
from Sydney, for San Francisco.
HALIFAX. N. S.— Arrived April I«— Stmr
Corean. from . Glasgow and Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Suited April C— Stmr Thlw*.
for San Diezo.
R Schr Jospeh and Henry. Rasmussen. 5 days
from Coquille River.
Pchr Lizzie Prien. Hansen. 6 days from 10
quille River. J _
Schr Ocean Spray. Larsen. 30 hours from
Phelps I-andins. _ _
Pchr Maxim. Olsen. 5 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 21 hours from
Bowena Landinz.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Nyman. 6 days from Coos
Schr Reliance, Anderson. 36 hours from Mea-
t Schr' Western Home. Daewerttx.. 64 days
from Coos Bay. aEAm
Monday. April 13.
Stmr Coos Bay. Saa Pedro; Gooda.ll. Perkins
Ba°k Electra. Petersen. AHtak; Alaska
Packers' Association. g
SAILED. f .
Monday. Acril 16.
Stmr Luella. Miller. . _
Stmr Queen, Jeosen, \ Ictorla and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Whltesboror. Olsen. Greenwood.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Alcatraz. (Junderson. .
Ship Oriental. Parker. Bristol Bay.
Fr bark Emilie Galline. Tattevln. Queens
t0 Bktn Glsaner. Peck. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Rihlers Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 16—10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy" wind, southwest: velocity, 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
March 23. lat 47 N, long 8 W— Ger shlj> Ro^
denbek. from Hamburg, for Tacoma.
Per pilot-boat Lady Mine, April 16. off th»
Lightship— Ship May Flint, from Seattle, for
San Francisco.
Per schr Coquelle. lat 43 N. lon 125.30 "W%
April 11— Br schr Dora S. Steward, with 700
sk:n*. DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived April IS— Stmr West
port, hence April 13. Sailed— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 15— Stmr City of
Topeka. from Dyea: ship Luella. henc« April
7- Jap stmr Rio Jun Maru. from Hongkong.
Sailed April 15— Stmr Al-Ki, for Dyea. Arrived
April lfi— Stmr Rosalie, from Dyea.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived April 14— Schr
Wing and Wing, hence March 25.
REDONDO— Arrived April 16— Stmr Despatch.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 16.— The stock market,
after making an indifferent struggle all day
against the force of depression, yielded all
around in the last hours and closed under (
severe pressure and with prices on a rapidly j
descending scale. Transactions were large all j
day and the railroad list made a considerable j
show of strength in the opening dealings, but
there was heavy telling in the iron and s'.eel
clocks. But some of the railroad stocks were .
tod up confidently in the face of violent de- |
• lines in this sxoup. Missouri Pacific was
buoyant and carried the whole of the South
western group with tt. This stock r.-ent to i
f,1%, and its- influence promised at one time j
to overcome the reactionary forces, but it fell
puddetily to Thursday's level and the whole |
list fell heavily In sympathy. No definite news j
was forthcoming to account for the weakness
of the Iron and rteel shares beyond the as
sertions that the large selling was for account
of important inside interests. Late in the day
rumor took form that there was to be ex
tenßlve shutting down of plants In the great
metal companies on the ground of over
production, in anticipation of business during
the early part of ihls year which had not
materialized. American Steel and Wire and
Federal Steel led the decline In point of ac
tivity and weakness. There were a few rail
road stocks besides the Southwestern croup
which made a stand against the weakness, but
the majority of railroad ttocks closed at from
1 to 2 points under Thursday's prices. The
course of the money markets In London and
lierlin gives little prospects of support for
American eecurities 'here and causes some un
easiness for the future of those markets
throughout the financial world.
The bond market was active and showed
marked strength which yielded only slightly
to the late depressing influences. Total tales,
par value. 12.385.000. "
United States new 4s advanced «4- but the
Fs (registered) declined % and the 3s (regis
tered) fe In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehares Closing
eo'.d. Etocks—
16.280 Atchlson
29,325 Atchison prefd <oyi
17 720 Baltimore & Ohio - 86
...'.... Canadian Pacilic 'it
660 Canada Southern &"'.»
10.050 Chesapeake & Ohio 22%
21.500 Chicago Great Western 144
10,345 Chlcaso Burlington & Qutncy 127
2 150 Chicago Indianapolis & Louisville... 27
...'.... Chic Ind 6: Louis prefd 574
Chicago & Eastern IlllnoU 104
Chicago & Northwestern 16!
C 2«2 Chicago Ro<-k Island & Pacific 110%
'b4O C C C & St Louis «%
ElO Colorado Southern *i>i
Co! Southern Ist prefd 43'j
Col Southern 2d pre!d 17
ISO Del* war* & Hudson 1154
250 Del Lack A- West 17S
Denver & Rio Grand* 20%
300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 72
1,240 Erie 14 I
300 Erie Ist prefd 41% I
1,328 Great Northern pref IM 1
COO Hockir.K Coal 17%
COO Hocking Valley 284
600 Illinois Central 115
LOO lowa Central IS4
lowa Central prefd 53
100 Kan City Pitts & Gulf IS
2,100 Lake Erie & Western S3
Lake Erie &. Western prefd I»6
Lake Shore 200
8.6C0 Louisville & Nashville fs»i 1
9 3CO Manhattan L JW
4.535 Metropolltan-st Ry ICI4
3.210 Mexican Central 134 j
20 Mm &St Louis 65 ;
Minn & St L prefd 98
105.C6 Missouri Pacific t'J«4 1
Mobile & Ohio 46
3,200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11%
27.670 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 38V»
200 New Jersey Central, ex-dlv in
2 H5O New York Central 13514
7.270 Norfolk 4 Western r.TV
Norfolk & Wtßtern prefd 784
r0.K50 Northern Pacific z&v t
12 050 Northern Pacific prefd 751.,
2.165 Ontario & Western iv,l
... Oregon Ry & Nay 41
Oregon liy & Kar prefd 7«
10.450 Pennsylvania 127%
3.250 Reading ]»
J6.MSO Reading let prefd tilVi.
5.400 Readng 5d prefd 3l\
Rio Grande Western tTVi
Rio Grande Western prefd SO
St Louis &. San FrancUco 11
, St Louis & Ban F"ranci«oo Ist prefd.. 70
2,100 St Louis & San FranclßCO 2d prefd.. J7
1,4i/0 et Louis Southwestern 12%
17.C95 ft Louis Southwestern prefd 12\
C.SCO St Paul 121%
...:^.. at Paul prrfd 172' i
£t Paul 6c Omaha. 117
ri.KO Southern Pacific »V 4
400 Southern Hail way lU,
5,5<45 Southern Railway prefd 5*
27.420 Texa« & Pacific '. 1»H
66.570 Union Pacific SPA
• 2.4U2 Union Pacific prefd 7«
2.200 Wabash *»«
IS.SOO Wabaeh prefd 22* i
wU Wheellc* A Lake Erie 10%
1.413 W A L E prefd »^
1,000 Wisconsin Central - *'4
Express Companies—
Adams US
American «a
United States <'4
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
1.020 American Cotton Oil. v - **
K>o American Malting 4%
320 American Malting prefd 20
1.700 American Smelting &. Ref •»»
2.604 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... i**.»
American Spirits ;*
American Spirits prefd ,-•• 1"
3,ir,0 American Steel Hoop 2S
S2O American Steel Hoop prefd ex dlv.. 744
110.512 American Steel & Wire 42%
23.175 American Steel & Wire prefd SO I.*1 .*
1.2i/> American Tin Plate "'-Mi
SCO American Tin Plate prefd, ex dlv... 75»4
10.150 American Tobacco, ex dlv 1044
American Tobacco prefd. ex dlv 1334
Anaconda Mining Co. ex div 4?'4
35.7J2 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72%
3.6.-.0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45*»
8.530 Continental Tobacco 2.^»i;
129 Continental. Tobacco prefd Si's
62.552 Federal Steel 40V»
4.227 Federal Steel prefd 68
2.174 General Electric 1334
¦ 2M Glucose Sugar 45
Glucose Sugar prefd 98%
2.790 International Paper 22
International Paper prefd 64
I^aclede Gas 70
750 National Biscuit 34
National Biscuit prefd 88
500 National Lead 23
160 National Lead prfed 1044
8.210 National Steel 3S
2.129 National Steel prefd 9014
420 New York Air Brake 125
300 North American 15' i
Pacific Coast 514
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
2.640 Pacific Mall 314
16.250 People's Gas IC'4K
1.240 Pressed Steel Car 4S
s*o Prepsed Steel Car prefd S2
200 Pullman Palace Car IS2
4«3 Standard Roue & Twine 6%
23.1E" Sugar 107%
3*3 Sugar prefd 11l
13.173 Tennessee Coal & Iron 85%
3.4^5 United States Leather 12**
300 United States Leather prefd 72%
200 United Ptates Rubber 32 .
120 United States Rubber prefd 10")
340 Western Union 82
5.V70 Republic Iron & Pteel IS
1.253 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 604
p C C & St Louis 67
S9S Third Avenue 1124
951.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U P refd 2s, when |M X 4 T 2ds 69
Issued X.3 MX& T 4s £3%
U S 2s reg 994 N* V Cen lsts 1104
U S 3s reg 1094 N J Cen gen 35. ...124
US 3s coup 110 jNo Carolina 6s 127
U S new 4s reg....172\JN0 Carolina 45.. ..106
U S new 4s c0up.. 133^! No Pac 3? 6*
U S old 4s reg 114% No Par 4? 104
U S old 4s coup...ll4VN V C & St L 45.. .1064
U S 5s reg 1124. N0r *= W con 45.. 97*1,
U S 5s coup 113%iNor & W gen 65.. .1334
Dtst of Col 3.6.5...1 21., Or Nay lsts ICR
Atchison gen 45... 100% Or Nay 4s 1C3%
Atrhison. adjust 4s. M 7 , Or S L 6n 12S
Can So Ms K<7<» O S L con 5s 114
Ches & Ohio 44».~100 Reading Gen 45... Mt
Clies & Ohio 55. ...121% R G lsts 994
C & NW con 75.... 143 ;St L & I M con 55.110%
C & NW SFdeb 55. 122 St L & S F, gen 65.12t
Chicago Term 45.. 97%;5t Paul con 172
D & U O lsts 104 St PC & P 15t5. ...119%
P & R O 4s 994' St P C & P 5s 121
E T Va & Ga lsts.lC2i.lSo Ry 5s 113
i Erie Gen 4s 744|Stand R & T 65.... 73
FW& D C lsts... 71 Tcnn new set 35... 954
Gen Elec Is 116% T & P lsts 1144
G H & S A 6* 1034 T & p 2ds 60
G H & S A 2d5....1C7 iU P 4p IC6
H 4- T C r.s 1114 Wabash luts 11S4
jH& T C con 65....10S Wabash 2ds 103%
I lowa Ten lsts 115 West Shore 4s 1144
KCP. & G lsts.... 72 Wis Cen lsts 52*;
La new con 4s 107 .Va Centuries 904.
i L & N unified 45. ..101 jVa Deferred 5
S P 4s 84 'Colo Sou 4s 84
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
Chollar 10 Ontario S 00
Crown Point 20 Ophir 75
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Plymouth 12
Deadwood CO Quicksilver 1 50
G & C "6 Quicksilver, pfd 7 50
Hale & Norc 2S Sierra Nevada 52
Homestake 60 00 Standard 3 40
Iron Silver 85 I'nlon Con 28
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket 13
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— iWest End 93
Call loans 3V«04 iWestngh Elec 45
Time loans 405iWls Central 18
Stocks— I Bonds—
Atch Tod & S F.. 267i|Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 70%, N E Gas & Coke.. 63
Amer Sugar 107H! Mining Shares—
Do prefd 1114lAdventure 6
Bell Tel 327 JAllouez Mng C 0... 1%
Boston & Albany.. 24s Amal Copper 93
Boston El 1444>Atlantlc 254
Boston & Maine ISO ! Boston & Mont 315
Chi Bur & Q 127 (Butte & Boston... 774
Dominion Coal 444 Calumet & Hec1a..7474
Do pre'd 1154, Centennial 214
Federal Steel 40\* Franklin 15%
Do prefd C 3 ;Humboldt 75
Fitchburgr prefd 1334 l Osceola 69
General Elec 133 .Parrot 45
Do prefd 137 -Qulncy 136
Ed Elec 111 205 iKanta Fe Copper.. 6
Mexican Cent 2% Tamarnck 133
N E Gas &. Coke.. 179ijrtah Mining 32
Old Colony 206 jWlnona 44
Old Dominion 21 IWolverines 40
Union Pac 58% i
New York ' Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 16.— Money on call steady,
at 204 per cent: last loan. 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4403 per cent. Sterling ex
change, steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 874 for demand and at $4 53% for
sixty days. Posted rates. $4 844@54 BS4. Com
mercial bills. $4 53574 84. Sliver certificates.
<ifiifft6l4c.i f iifft614c. Bar silver, 594 c. Mexican dollars,
47% c. ¦ Government bonds. Irregular; State
bonds, firm; railroad bonds, firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 18.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $150,117,822; gold, $88,012,934.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady. No. 3 epring wheat. 614066 c:
No 2 red 694 c. No. 2 corn. 39"^. No. 2 oats,
24%' c; No. 2 white,*26<&2SV;c: No. 3 white. 25%0>
271-c No 2 rye. 56v*c. No. 2 barley, 41fi44c.
No' 1 flax seed, $1 73. Prime timothy seed. J2 35
02 40. Mess pork, per bbl, $12 10$il2 85. Lard,
per 100 lbs. $7 20® 7 35. Short ribs sides (loose),
$7 10@7 40. Dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%©
6"iiC. Short clear sides (boxed), $7 40Q7 50.
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal,
$1 254. Sugars— Cut loaf, 6.00 c; granulated. 6.44 c.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Adolph F. and Olive A. M. Nel«on to Thomas
W. and Mary L. Fields lot on W line of Coo.i
street, 10) N of St Rose's. N 25 by W 123; $W.
David Sannderson to Dyson D. Wass, lot on
NE corner of Waller and Pierce streets, N 2o
by E lt»:3: $10.
Joseph RosenthaJ to Edward F. Lawless, re
record 1132 D. 283. lot on N line of Page street,
31:3 E of Scott, E 25 by N 109; $1000.
George F. Lyon to George S. Tllden. lot en
W line of Devisadero street, 57 S of Page. V>
38:6, N :2%. W 61:6. S 28, E 100, N 2S; $10.
Sarah L. and Ellas L. McClure to Harry B.
Rathbone lot on S line of Pacific avenue, 11S:9
W of Central. W 30 by S 127:8%: $10.
Robert B. Woodward (by attorney) to B. P.
Oliver, lot on S line of Thirteenth street. 275 :s
W of Mission, W 25 by S 95; also lot on N line
of Fourteenth street, 105 E of Valencia. E 73
by N 10; also lot on W line of Mission street.
223 N of Fourteenth, N 74. W 100. S 24. E 10. S
SO. E SO; also lot on E line of Stevenson street.
237:6 N of Fourteenth. N 82:6 by E 63; also lot
on E line of Valencia street, 300 S of Four
teenth S 100 by E 100; also lot on E line of
Julian avenue. 275 N of Fifteenth street, N 45
by E 94; also lot on W line of Mission street.
237 B of Thirteenth, S 26 by W 10<); also lot
commencing at a point distant on a line paral
lel with Clinton Park and drawn from SE cor
ner of Clinton Park and Stevenson street. 10:3>i
E from said corner. E 64:8%. N 20. W 5, N 23,
W 20- S 15, W 23:11%, S 30; also lot commencing
90 W of Jessie street and 93 S of Thirteenth.
W :S by S 50; $10.
Mary T. Smith to Minna Rohrer. lot on E
line of Folsom street, 110 N of Twenty-first.
N 25 by E 122:6; $10.
Jajne Kelly to Carl V. and Amelia C. Ander
son, lot on E line of No* street. 80 S of Thir
teenth, S IS by E 100: $10.
Ada E. Tracy to John F. Rau. lot on Nw
corner of Twenty-first and Sanchez streets. N
57 by W 105: $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Joseph
and Sophie U. McLatchle, lot on N line of
Twenty-first street. 100 E of Caatro. E 23 by
N 114: $1000.
John B. Pasquall to John Bald*, lot on N
line of Twenty-first street. 50 W of Potrero
avenue W 50 by N 84:6: $10.
Frank N. and Hannah Dodd to William
Roonan, lot on N line of Clipper street, SO V,
of Diamond, W 70 by N 114; $10.
Robert R. Ryder to William Nlcol, lor on SW
corner of Pine street and Central place. W 23
by S 57:6; $10.
Rachel J. Snyder to Frederick C. J. Brede. lot
on E line of Prospect place. 73 N of California
street, N 21 by E 23 and right of way over
alley: ?10. '
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker to T. B.
Roy, lot on NE line of Natoma street. 212:8
SW of First. SW 73:10. SE SO. NE 11:8. SE 83.
NE 49:10. NW S3. NE 12:4. NW 80; $10.
Alameda County.
Helen E. Harjes to Harry W. Moore, lot on
NW line of Blalne avenue. 100 SW of Tenth
street. SW 50 by NW 123. being lot 22. block O.
Huntlngton Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry Z. Jones to Benjamin F. and Martha
I. Goodwin, lots 21 to 24, block 1, Allendale
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Lucinda and James A. Grubb to Andrew Carl
sen, lot 17 and NE 4 of lot 16, Turnbull Tract,
subject to water rights to the Danforth prop
erty adjoining, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary E. Schieffelin to T. M. James, lot on
NE line of Santa Clara avenue. 87 SE of Ever
ett street, SE 45 by NE 125. being the SE 43
feet lots 1. 2 and 3. block 2, Chlpman blocks.
Alameda; $10.
Same to same, the NE 33:4 of lot D, block 55,
Alameda Park Homestead, subject to mortgage
for $1000. Alameda: $10.
James H. and Lizzie S. W. Young to John W .
and Vanetia D. Roller, lot on S line or Buena
Vista avenue, 66 E of Willow street. E 34 by
S 105:2, being portion of lot 17, block IS. lands
adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Mac E. and George F. Hardy to P. E. Bowles.
lot on SE line of Howe street. 256 SW of Ame
thyst SW 60 by SE 125. being- lot 29 and SW
10 feet lot 30, and NE 20 feet lot 28. block B.
Thermal Hill, formerly Howe Tract, Oakland;
$10.
San Francisco Savings Union to John F. Kes
sing lot on SW corner of a'street 60 feet wide
and Brush street. S 30 by W 100. Oakland; $10.
Neville H. Castle to Matilda L. Castle, lot
on SW corner of Third street and Broadway. W
150. S 100, E 75, N 25. E 75, N 75 to beginning,
being lots 12 to 17, block 19, Oakland; $100.
E. Chope to Lizzie C. Nalsmith (wife of
James S.), re-record 726 d. 395, lot on SE line
of Wals worth avenue, 230 NE of Bayo Vista
avenue. NE 70 by SE 125. being the NE 70 feet
lot 7. block C, Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland:
gift.
Carrie Fross Snyder (widow, and as trustee
for Herbert A. Pratt, under decree of distribu
tion of estate of Mary C. Dalzlel) to George
Sterling, lot 4, block 2093, and lot 4. block 2103.
Alden Tract at Temescal. Oakland: $10.
• Walter G. and Emilie V. Manuel to Charles
E Proctor, lot on N line of Thirty-seventn
street. 1<53 E of West street, E 26:6 by N 147:5.
being lot 24, block B. Major Given Tract, Oak
land; $10. . .
Homestead Loan Association to Susanna
Erifkson, lot on S line of Parker street. 200 E
of McGee avenue. E 40 by S 132:6. being lot 6,
block 5, Case Tract, Berkeley; $10.
J. W* and C. A. Laymance. Laymance Real
Estate and Investment Company. James Faris.
N. Toussant. W. Davis and Nettie Davis (as
administratrix of estate of Eliza Davis). L. A.
Stephenson and James Barber et al. <by A. W.
Bishop, commissioner) to Thomas Moran. lots
7. 8. 16 to 13. block T, lots 7 to 10. block Q. and
lot 17. block R. amended map Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $312.
William and Anna Peru (by W. S. Harlow,
commissioner) to W. M. Watson, lot on SE
corner of Bay View avenue and county road
from Oakland to San Leandro. S 41 by W 100.
being portion lot 1, block 3. Warner Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $1197.
Louise L. and Edwin D. Matthews to Mary
and Patrick Slattery and John Fitzgerald, lots
12. 13 and 14. revised map Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
John Fitzgerald to Mary Slattery (wife of
Patrick), undivided half Interest In same.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Cornelius and Mary Donovan to John W.
Heldt lot on N line of San Antonio avenue,
300 W of Oak street. W 50 by N 150. being lot
3 In E half of block I, lands adjacent to En
clnal, Alameda; $10.
M E. Holton to Mary J. Williamson (wife of
W. H.) lot on N line of San Jose avenue. 260 E
of Willow street. E 50 by N 150. being the E
40 feet of lot 6 and W 10 feet of lot 7 in W half
of block L. same. Alameda ; $10.
Henry and Anna Mohns to Jane A. and J. J.
Harron lot on S line of Clinton avenue. 2"0 W
of Willow street. W 75. S to Bay of San Fran
cisco, thence E to a point which would be In
tersected by a line drawn S from point of be
ginning at right ansles with Clinton avenue,
thence N to beginning, being portion of block
78. lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda (quit
claim deed); $-">.
Jane A. and J. J. Harron to Jessie P. Pond
(wife of H. M.). lot on S line of Clinton avenue.
200 W of Willow street. W 23. S 105 to shore of
Bay of San Francisco, thence E to a point
which would be Intersected by a line drawn
S from point of beginning at right angles with
Clinton avenue, thence N 105 to beginning, be
ing the E half of lot 5. block 7S. same. Ala
meda ; $10.
Emma H. Swasey to same, lot on S line of
Clinton avenue O W of Willow street. W 50.
S to shore of Bay of San Francisco, thence E
to a point which would be intersected by a line
drawn S from point of beginning at right angles
with Clinton avenue. N to beginning, being lot
4. block 78, same. Alameda: $10.
'Klmball G. and Katharine O. Easton to Er
nest A. Heron, lot 44. block F. Linda Vista Ter
race Map 2. Oakland: $10.
Charles Babb to Baldnnero and Adrians. E.
Perez, lot 20. block 9, Herzog Tract, Oakland
(quitclaim deed): $5.
Leigh H. and Louise Robins to Charles W.
Pebcnham. lot on N Una of Prospect avenue. Sg
W of Spruce street. W 44 by N 100. being lot 11.
block F. Clinton Mound Tract. East Oakland;
$10.
The Home Building: Company to same, lot 23.
Map of Forest Park Tract. Brooklyn Township
slo. _ . ' _
Same to Caspar and Clara Mltchel. W 60 feet
of lot 22 and E 25 feet of lot 10, map of same,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Edgar D. Pelxotto. Anna F2. Elsfeldt and Al
van and Sarah A. Rovindy to James H. Cory,
lot on W line of Schiller street. 65 S of Rail
road avenue, S 50 by W IC3. block 30. Stewart
Tract. -Alameda; $10.
CHICAGO, April 16— Wheat was rather quiet
all the ses»ion as the foreign markets j were
still closed in celebration of Easter. Foreign
bids were reported Improved. At the outset
the market wag easy because needed rains had
fallen in the West and Southwest, but the
corn strength caused a reaction of sentiment
among shorts and Initial figures proved the
lowest of the day. The rally was further aided
by a report that Chile would have to import
wheat owing to heavy damages to the domestic
crop and another from Kieff. Southwestern
Russia, reporting some damage there. A.
further consideration pointed out was the probt
ability of a decrease in the acreage in the
Northwest, where farmers are supposed to
favor planting to raise high-priced flaxseed.
May opened 4©Vie under yesterday at 66>4@
66»ic. advanced to 66%066%c, declined to 664®
66*« c. and then rallied, closing firm &c higher
at fi«»ic.
The corn market was firm, but not very ani
mated. The increase In the visible of 1,770,000
bushels caused a dip following its announce
ment, but as the offerings thus made were
readily absorbed the market reacted and closed
firm, May being up %c at 39f»c
The provision market opened lower under the
Influence of depressed prices at the yards, but
reacted. May pork closed 10c under Saturday;
May lard 6c higher at $7 324, and May ribs
unchanged at S7 224-
The oat market was dull and weak all day.
May closed *ie depressed at 2S%c. '¦'-•*
The leading futures ranged as follows:
San Francisco Meat Market.
Receipts of Hogs continue slender «nd some
choice stock Is bringing 64c. Other descrip
tions are unchanged.
BEEF— 6@6->ic per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6®Sc Der lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7074 c; ewes, 64@7c per
Ib. ¦ .
LAMB— Spring. 9®94c per lb. ¦¦ -'-
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@64c for small and
medium and 540>0%c for large; stock Hogs and
teeders, 6V«@s4c; dressed Hogs, 708»4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln " Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
grain Bags. 6»4064c; Wool Bags. 2840324 c;
Fleece Twine, 74c
COAL— Wellington, $5 per ton: new Welling
ton. $8: Bouthfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6 50: Bryant, $« 50; Coos Bay. $5: WalNend $S:
Co-operative Wallsend, $S: Cumberland, $12 In
bulk and $13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per
ton In bulk and $17 In sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, $8 45 per 20CO lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.60 c: Powdered
6.uuc; Candy Granulated, 5.20 c: Dry Granulated
6.10 c; Confectioners' A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 -
Extra C, 4.60 c: Golden C. 4.50 c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for les.i
than T3 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrels. 6.85 c; boxes. 6.10 c ocr lb.
TURPENTINE— Is lower at 73c per gallon In
cases and 67c In drums and Iron barrels.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, APRIL 18.
Flour, qr sks .... 28,437* Hay.' tons 431
Wheat, ctls 1,260 Straw, tons 40
Barley, ctls 793 Hops, bales 47
Oats, ctls 135jW001, hags 163
Corn, ctls 3l!Leather, rolls 275
Rye. ctls 465!Chlcory, bbls 55
Tallow, ctls 220Llme, bbls 455
Cheese, ctls 73 Sugar, bbis 337
Butter, ctls 602 Sugar, sks 1,200
Brandy, gals 2.500 Middlings, sks... 720
Wine, gals 19,100iBran, sks 60
Eggs, doz 21,630 Onions, sks 2
Pelts, bdls 40J Potatoes, sks 722
Hides, No 635 Beans, sks 143
OREGON
Flour, qr sks 10,819, Potatoes, ctls 6,333
Wheat, ctls 940, 8 ran, ctls 6,605
Oats, ctls 666 1 Middlings, ctls... 300
Steamer Movements.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat and minor cereals as previously quoted.
Beans, Seeds, Hay and Bran as before.
Potatoes and Onions dull.
Butter and CJieesc quiet. Eggs dull and easier.
Three ears of Eastern Poultry in.
Slender receipts of Cherries and Blackberries.
Oranges continue in light supply and firm.
Xo further change in Provisions.
Hogs very firm under light receipts.
Turpentine marked down.
Chollar 14 ISiSavage 25
Challenge Con. 24 26 Scorpion 7~ XJ|
Confidence ..... 96 9S ! Seg Belcher ?* J!?
Con Cal & Va..l 70 175: Sierra Nevada. A3 -*
Con Imperial... 01 :02: 02 Silver Hill ls H
Con New York. — 04; St Louis ~" "
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard ...»¦' ™ ~
Crown Point... 20 21: Syndicate — "
Exchequer 02 C 3 Union Con *J ~*
Gould & Curry 23 SO:Utah « "
Hale & Norc... 39 40|Yellow Jacket.. 35 *o
Julia — 03'
Charters.
Th« Annie Johnson leads merchandise for
Hllo.
The Amelia loads redwood at Eureka for
Honolulu: Churchill, lumber at Grays Harbor
for Melbourne or Adelaide. 57e 6d; Jane L.
Stanford, lumber on the Sound for Melbourne
or Adelaide. fi» 6d: Teocle. lumber at Port
Blakeley for Buenos AjTet, £<s 6d.
The Ker.fingt'jr. was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe, 52« 6d.
The Najsde loads wheat at rortland for
Eurcpe. *7. M.
For Shorter Hours.
The Wfco'.esale Fruit and Produce Dealers'
Association will meet at I o'clock to-day at
their room* on Paris street to consider the
advisability of shortening business hours,
which are at present very long, sometimes
•eveoieen hours & day.
Weather Report.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 16—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«ate as compared with those of same date last
eeat^on and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
Last This La.-t
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 47.36 31.55
Red Bluff 0.00 20.53 19.37
Sacramento O.<K) 16.40 13.H
San Francisco 0.00 17.89 i:>.3S
Fresno 0.00 7.53 6.76
Independence 0.09 278 1.16
Pan Luis Obispo 0.06 15.26 14.77
Los Angeles 0.00 5.68 4.79
San Diego 0.00 S3S 4.T.S
Yuma 0.00 0.79 1.3*
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
CO; minimum. 51; mean. Zi. .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
The presFure has fallen slowly over the
rr»-ater portion of the Pacific Slope. The gen
era! trtnd of the isobars resembles that of
Ninascr.
The temperature ha* risen over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains, except
in thevicinitj- of San Francisco, where, owing
to fog. there has been a fall of about 10 de
crees.
No rain has fallen on the Pacific Slope «¦>
r*>pt in Southern Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight April 17, 1300:
Nonhern California— Fair Tuesday, with
fop alur.g the coa.«t; light northerly winds.
Snuthfrn California— Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds.
tNe\«d»— Fair: warmer Tuesday.
I'tah— FaSr Tuesday; warmer in southern
portion.
Arizona— Fair; warmer Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday:
jipht northerly, changing to brisk westerly
winds: heavy fog in the morning and in the
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Skipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS
TO B A II*
TO ARRIVE.
was firm, owing to better country advices and
the light supply on hand. California drfed fruits
were inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4Usjsc; prime, S%SSc; choice, 7074 c; fancy,
7*i«?B4c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED . PRUNES— 34O7c per
Ib. as to size and quality. >&WM$
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13315 c: Moorpark. 15©lSc.
PEACHES-Peeled, 18022 c; unpeeled. 74c
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
Chicago was dull and unchanged. The feel
ing was rather firm, however, corn leading.
General rains in the West and Southwest were
reported. Broomhall cabled that the crop in
Southwest Russia was foul and a total loss
and that the season there was late.
The local market showed no particular change.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96V«<$97Vsc; milling.
9S%c<gsl 01%.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— lo ctls, 9634 c; 2000. 964 c.
Regular Mornnlg Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 044; 12,000. $1 04%; 12,000, $1 04%; 6000. $1 04%.
May— 4ooo. 96% c '
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, 96% c. De
cember—6ooo. $1 04%.
BARLEY— Dealers quote the old quotations,
with a dull and unchanged market.
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 60S 724 c for off
grades; Brewlpjr and Shipping grades. S0«
874 c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No . sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
74c. '
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Dull and unchanged. /•¦/,'
White. $1 io@l 30: Red. 95c©$l 174: Gray.
$107401 15: Black, $10105. ? ?_
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at $106®
1 074 por ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 124«P
1 174 Per ctlr mixed, $1 124 per ctl.
RYE— 95O974c per' ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6003 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 DO; Oregon
and Washington, $2 2503 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy, $3 2503 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 25;
Farina, $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; in sacks, $5 7607: Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Old quotations still rule for •verytblng.
BRAN— SI2OI3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6OI9 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15017 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; Jobbing,
527 50028; Cocoanut Cake. $20<3'2t: Corn Meal,
$23 EOSjl'4; Cracked Corn. $24024 60; Mixed Feed.
$15 60: Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat $709 for common to good: $9 60
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
J6 5009; Oat, $608; Barley. $507; Alfalfa. $*@
7 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2S(S3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEANS— Bayos, $3g3 25; small White. $3 230
3 50; large White, $3 2003 25; Pink, $2 2502 90;
Red, $3 6003 75; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima. $5 25; Pea. $3 4003 60; Red Kidneys,
$3 6004.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 44@4%c: Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary.
34c per lb tor California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa, 9010 c: Rape. 2403 c; Hemp, 4044 c;
Timothy, 4044 c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 9002 25; Green. $1 90
02 25 ler ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are quoted dull, aa the steep prices
have checked the demand. Potatoes are also
dull. There is little change In Vegetables be
yond a decline In Peas.
Receipts were 925 boxes Asparagus, 347 boxes
Rhubarb, 853 sacks Peas and 307 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks. 4lWioc per sack; Oretron
Burbanks. 50@S5c; Sweet Potatoes, for
Merced; New Potatoes, l<32c.
ONlONS— California, $C©7; Australian. $3010
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, $101 60 per bnx for No. 2 anil
$1 7502 for No. 1 and $2 2502 50 for fancy
large; Green Peas, 73c<5$l 50 per sack for com
mon and for Garden: String Beans, SfTlOc:
Cabbage. 40050 c; Tomatoes. $I@l 75; Epc Plant,
from Los Angeles. 10c: Dried Okra, 324 c per
lb: Garlic, 506 c; Green Peppers from Los An-
Keles, 10@15c; Dried Peppers. SifHOc; Carrots, 25
©35c per sack: Los Angeles Summer Squash,
$1 25 per box; Cucumber?, 30C8$1 per dozen;
Marrowfat Squash, $40 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern came In.
POULTRY— Live Turkey?. 10011 c for Gob
blers and 12313 c for Hens: Geese, per Dalr.
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2 25f;2 50; Duck*, $4 50«?5 50
for old and $5 5007 50 for younp; Hens. $5(3:6:
Young Roosters, $6 60S"; Old Roosters, $4 25
05; Fryers. $5 50©6; Broilers, $4 5005 for
large and ti lOu'o 6u tor small; Pigeons. $1 Toij
2 per <)nzen for old and $1 7502 for Snuabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 25; Rabbits, $1 2501 50; Gray
Geese, $2 SO; White. fOe: Brant. $1 25<gl 50; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Easter Is over and Eg? dealers report a
much quieter market, and some quote a slight
decline. The demand was very slack yester
day.
Butter and Cheese are as previously quoted,
and both are in ample supply and quiet.
UUTTEIt-
Creomery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, 16
©164 c.
Dairy— Fancy. 154016 c; good to choice. 144-31
15c; common. 14c.
CHEESE— New. 7408 c; Young America, 80
8V»o: Eastern. 16«p17c: Western, 15016 c per Ib.
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and 144016 c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 154 c to arrive.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Six boxes of Cherries came in and sold at $2
per box.
Five cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $2 4502 80; choice do,
%l 1002 35; standard, . $1 3501 90; seedlings,
$1 3o<i}l SO; Lemons. $1 00.
Strawberries held up very well for the first
of the week.
DECIDI.'OUS FRUITS
APPLES—7ScOS2 per box.
KTRA\VBERRIES-s4@6 per chest for large
and $7012 for small berries. Receipts were 145
chests. Blackberries, from the south, 15c per
basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 2503 60
per box; Seedlings, $102; Lemons, $101 50
for common and $202 50 for good to : choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 5005; California Limes, ;
Bananas. $1 2502 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $4©5
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4044 c for
40-60's, 3%®4c for 50-j6O's, 34c for 60-7O's, 3%c
for 10-SO's, 303V1c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90
100's; Aprtcotß. 110124 c for Royals, 124@15c
for Moorparks and 12@134c for Blenheims:
Peaches, 644j6c for Standards, 64@6%c for
choice and 7@Bc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®
124 c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried. s^»
64c per lb; Nectarines, So9c; Pears. 34<iT44c
for 3ark and 7©Sc for bright halves; Black
Figs. 2tg24c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums. 8®0c: unbleached Plums, 7074 c for
pitted and lHc for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c: standard. So; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. 84c: choice, 74c; standard. «4c:
prime,, sc; unbleached Sultanas. 6c: Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6c: 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 54c;
3-crown, 6%e: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-cn.wn, $1 60 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, %Z.\ AH
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. B@9c for standards and
9@loc for softshells; Almonds, 114012 c for
pape- shell. 9®loo for soft and 4@6c for hard
shell: Peanuts. 6%<?fi%c for Eastern and 6c
for California; Brazil Nuts. 74ftSc: Filberts.
12'i?12'4c: Pecans. 11013 c: Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 114012 c for bright and 104!??
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
,7%c: light amber extracted. 7%@74c; dark,
BEESWAX— 24O26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market Is very stiff a.nt Zlgh'Ay supplied,
but the expected advance nas not yet oc
curred.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 104e per lb for
heavy, 104 c for light medium. 114 c for llßht,
1240 for extra light and 14c for sugar cured;
Eastern BUgar-cured Hams, 13@14c; Mess Beef
$12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra
Prime Pork. $14 50@15: extra clear. $1»; Mess,
$16 60: 3moked Beef, 124©13e per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Bc per lb for
compound and Bi?S4c for pure; half barrels,
pure B%e; !0-lb tins, 9%c; 6-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8084 c per lb; 10-lb
tins. 94c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10®llc: medium. 94c: light,. 9@94c: Cowhides,
S«j94c: Stags, 7c: Salted Kip. 9<g94c; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, 18019 c; culls and brands.
15c; Dry Kip and Veal.; 16017 c; Dry Calf, 1947
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15Q300 each; short
Wool. S5(000c each: medium. 70!890c: long Wool,
$I©l 25 each: Horse Hides, $2 2 5@ 3 for large
and fl 23©1 75 for small: Colts. 25#50c. Deer
Skir.s— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins, 3ic; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
COc; medium, Isc.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 6@64c per Ib; No.
2. 4&44 c; refined. 64c; grease, 24@3c.
WOOL- Spring- clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free.' -16813 c; Northern defective. 13©
16c: Middle County, free. - 15@17c: Middle
County, defective, 13@15c; Southern: Mountain.
12 months',, 12014 c: do, free. '7 months'. 12015 c;
do, defective. 7 months', 10®12c;-Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 20J?23c; Nevada, : 16©18 c per lb." *
HOPS-6V4®loc per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1900
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. 3 X.. M«t
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaU
Th? P tlme 'ball on the tower of the new Ferry
re din a s t ™fs? i & asnssMC
o'clock p. «.. Greenwich time,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. In charge.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE STOCK MARKET.
8
ARTICLES.
Open. (Hifh.l Low. (Close.
Wheat No. 2—
April
May
July
Kcptember
Oorn No. 2—2 —
68%
66% 66"/4 66% 66»;
67*4 6SH 67% 6S^
6S}, CS^i 6S?i 6S?t
April
May
July <....
September
Oats No. 2—
Kay
July
September
Mesa Pork, bb!—
May ...
July
39
39% 39% 39U 39%
40H 40»i 40>i 40Va
41Vs 41H 40»i 41
24 24H 23% 23%
24 24 23H 23^
23H n% n JZ\ 22%
ii: 60 12 S3 II 60 12 77V4
[12 80 13 05 12 80 12 974
Lard, per 100 lbs-
May
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs-
May
July
September'
— —
7 22H 735 7 T2H 7 32Vi
730 7 424 730 740
7 37^ 7 47H " 37H 7 47^
7 15 7 22H 7 15 7 22H
715 I 7 23 715 725
7 17V41 7 22^ 7 17H 7 22»a
ARTICLES.
jKecetpts.|
| ShlDtn'ts
Flou
Whe
Corn
Oats
Rye,
Hnrl
ur. 1
eat.
n, bi
s, bi:
. bu:
lev.
barrels
bushels
lushe'.s
uphels i
iKhels
bushels
.1 21.M0
45.000
. 149.000
248 000
9. 000
35.0C0
32,000
30,000
SS2.CKO
216.000
3.000
73,000
O Time! Time) Time Time*
» 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• HW| • LW| H W I. W|
17 ... 0:02 5.4 6:61—0.1 2:03 4.S 8:311 2.3
IS ... 0:35 6.4 7:55 — 0.2 2:5« 4.5 7:1"» 3.1
19 ... 1:15 6.4 8:23 —0.1 » 3:52 4.4 8:17| 3.1
20 ... 2:02 5.2 9:19 0.0 4:49 4.6 9:29 3.2
21 ... 3:0! 5.0 10:19 0.2 5:41 4.8 10:46! 3.1
22 ... 4:20 4.8 11:17 O.R 6:30 5.0»......
23 ... 0:00 2.6 5:45 4.7| 12:liy 0.7j 7:151 5.2
Steamer. j From. } Due.
SmTfre ICoos 8ay,.,..-... !Apr. 11
Willamette J^l"^ • ....... .¦. ¦ Afrr. V»
P-i v Panama I»E" n
p'™tA«na....lPoint Ar.nn Apr. »
Crescent City. .. Cresrent elty
Geo W. Elder.. PcrtJanrt *prl »
State of Cal....;P"rtlaml. Apr. -»
Pamoa IHunibolit .»
Santa Ro-a San D!w>v... jj
Ooquille River.. lO rays Harbor '-J^r. -i
Washt^naw ....ITaroma j^Pr- ;J
rm a Tnia":::.:.:!vi,to r la * Puget Sound- Apr. g
Tlllamoct ITlllamrok jAj£-
North Fork 'Humboldt i-*pr-
Coos Bay Newport..... — j'*PJ- ;t; t
aty of Rio J...'Chtna and Japan *P£ ;J
Australia IHonolulu -JP'' ;,
Arnts ...'Coos Bay ...l Apr. -»
Steamer, j DestinatKr [ Sails. j f >er - ,
Aloha iCrescent City.! Apr. 17. » pm|Pi« »
Coos Bay... Newport 'Apr. 17. » *=* ££1*
Doric ..:.... |Chtr.a&Japan|Apr. IT. 1 J™!*^*,
Columbia ..Portland Apr. IS. JJ*™;^'^
City Para.- 1 Panama Apr. IS. 12 m P«33
Moana Sydney Apr. IS. Bp m P T
Santa CruziAlaska Apr. V>. 4pm Per 9
Corona .... San I>>e«ro Apr. 19. 11 am^PW H
Pomona ....IHutnboldt Apr. 19. 2 pra P £r 5
tS," l^^:: Oregon Ports. Apr. 22. I amTer
Dpl >.Ort(?.. LTPRnii ri'n». :"?¦¦• "• .. ¦r> l »_i-»
iT" ;;"""• •iHumholdt !Apr. 23. »lffl.Hff
gaffi £T'SSE n H , arb ° r !^r r : El iWWrnlP^^i
ARTICLES.
jKecetpts.|
| ShlDtn'ts
Flou
Whe
Corn
Oats
Rye,
Hnrl
ur. 1
eat.
n, bi
s, bi:
. bu:
lev.
barrels
bushels
lushe'.s
uphels i
iKhels
bushels
.1 21.M0
45.000
. 149.000
248 000
9. 000
35.0C0
32,000
30,000
SS2.CKO
216.000
3.000
73,000
O Time! Time) Time Time*
» 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• HW| • LW| H W I. W|
17 ... 0:02 5.4 6:61—0.1 2:03 4.S 8:311 2.3
IS ... 0:35 6.4 7:55 — 0.2 2:5« 4.5 7:1"» 3.1
19 ... 1:15 6.4 8:23 —0.1 » 3:52 4.4 8:17| 3.1
20 ... 2:02 5.2 9:19 0.0 4:49 4.6 9:29 3.2
21 ... 3:0! 5.0 10:19 0.2 5:41 4.8 10:46! 3.1
22 ... 4:20 4.8 11:17 O.R 6:30 5.0»......
23 ... 0:00 2.6 5:45 4.7| 12:liy 0.7j 7:151 5.2
ARTICLES.
Open. (Hifh.l Low. (Close.
Wheat No. 2—
April
May
July
Kcptember
Oorn No. 2—2 —
68%
66% 66"/4 66% 66»;
67*4 6SH 67% 6S^
6S}, CS^i 6S?i 6S?t
April
May
July <....
September
Oats No. 2—
Kay
July
September
Mesa Pork, bb!—
May ...
July
39
39% 39% 39U 39%
40H 40»i 40>i 40Va
41Vs 41H 40»i 41
24 24H 23% 23%
24 24 23H 23^
23H n% n JZ\ 22%
ii: 60 12 S3 II 60 12 77V4
[12 80 13 05 12 80 12 974
Lard, per 100 lbs-
May
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs-
May
July
September'
— —
7 22H 735 7 T2H 7 32Vi
730 7 424 730 740
7 37^ 7 47H " 37H 7 47^
7 15 7 22H 7 15 7 22H
715 I 7 23 715 725
7 17V41 7 22^ 7 17H 7 22»a
Steamer. j From. } Due.
SmTfre ICoos 8ay,.,..-... !Apr. 11
Willamette J^l"^ • ....... .¦. ¦ Afrr. V»
P-i v Panama I»E" n
p'™tA«na....lPoint Ar.nn Apr. »
Crescent City. .. Cresrent elty
Geo W. Elder.. PcrtJanrt *prl »
State of Cal....;P"rtlaml. Apr. -»
Pamoa IHunibolit .»
Santa Ro-a San D!w>v... jj
Ooquille River.. lO rays Harbor '-J^r. -i
Washt^naw ....ITaroma j^Pr- ;J
rm a Tnia":::.:.:!vi,to r la * Puget Sound- Apr. g
Tlllamoct ITlllamrok jAj£-
North Fork 'Humboldt i-*pr-
Coos Bay Newport..... — j'*PJ- ;t; t
aty of Rio J...'Chtna and Japan *P£ ;J
Australia IHonolulu -JP'' ;,
Arnts ...'Coos Bay ...l Apr. -»
Steamer, j DestinatKr [ Sails. j f >er - ,
Aloha iCrescent City.! Apr. 17. » pm|Pi« »
Coos Bay... Newport 'Apr. 17. » *=* ££1*
Doric ..:.... |Chtr.a&Japan|Apr. IT. 1 J™!*^*,
Columbia ..Portland Apr. IS. JJ*™;^'^
City Para.- 1 Panama Apr. IS. 12 m P«33
Moana Sydney Apr. IS. Bp m P T
Santa CruziAlaska Apr. V>. 4pm Per 9
Corona .... San I>>e«ro Apr. 19. 11 am^PW H
Pomona ....IHutnboldt Apr. 19. 2 pra P £r 5
tS," l^^:: Oregon Ports. Apr. 22. I amTer
Dpl >.Ort(?.. LTPRnii ri'n». :"?¦¦• "• .. ¦r> l »_i-»
iT" ;;"""• •iHumholdt !Apr. 23. »lffl.Hff
gaffi £T'SSE n H , arb ° r !^r r : El iWWrnlP^^iAMERICAN LINE.
IXw" TOaX. BOUTHAKPTOS. L05D05. PIKI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Ycrk every Wednesday. 13 a. m.
New York April IS New York May »
St. Paul April 23 St. Paul May H
St. Louis May I St. Louis.- May 83
RED STAF? LINE.
New Yorl{ crjd Antwerp.
From N«w York every Wednesday, I! noon.
Westernland ...April ISI Friesland May 9
Kensington April 2St Southwark May M
Koordlaod May 2j Westernland May 23
EMPIRE LINE.
8. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings June 10. July 31. August 30.
First and second class passage. No steerag*.
Fsr full Information regarding freight and
passage srrly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
20 Montgomery St.. or any of its agents.
PBflpMMffl Tb* S. S. Moana
IJ&4lfiii s* llB *1* Honolulu and
frK*ll% Auckland for Sydney
a™^ Wednesday. AprU U.
d^^ L* A at i d. m.
iSJWtnShirW T** *S. Australia
OtCCIILMIIJ/*-' ?j tot Honolulu
{OH FffiflU- Wednesday. May i.
Farortts liae aroond the world via Hawaii.
Eamoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. 3ue».
EBglaad. etc: $£10 Crst class.
L D. SPrtECKEIS & BKOS. CO.. -Jqts.. R4 Martaimer)
Pltr 7. Foot Pacific St. FrtishtOSce.327 Market SL
would crowd him into a corner and pro
ceed to pour into his ears a detailed ac
count of the aches and pains and personal
characteristics, together with a vivid de
scription of every act and incident in the
lives of each individual member of their
families. Different women accomplished
this result with varying degrees of suc
cess, according to their volubility: but
they invariably left the desired informa
tion until the last. Occasionally the cen
sus taker was so dazed by the avalanche
of words that he made his uncertain
way to the front gate oblivious of the fact
that he was without the Information he
sought, to have the same hurled after
him as he gained the sidewalk as a sort
of postscript.
It is no wonder that the marshals showed
the wear and tear of their efforts when
they reported back to their chief la?t
night. They had aged perceptibly and
all declared that before the lob Is finished
they will be either dead or impervious to
any kind of an attack that may in future
be directed against them.
The following additional census mar
shals were appointed at a special meeting
of the Board of Education yesterday
morning: E. M. Dillon. C. W. Lubln.
George A. Orr, A. J. McDonald, D. A.
Pringle, A. B. Lawson and John Carew.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEP-3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJQ.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MO.V., Turs., Wed.. Tburn. ana Sat. att 9:li
a. m. : 3:14, 8:S0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Frj.
days. 1 p. m. and 8:S0: Sundays, 10.30 a. r»., t
p. m. Landing and office. Misstoct-str««t Dock.
PUr No. 2. Telephone Main IUS.
FARE Mb
Nearly Died From Poison.
Policeman Ed F. Ward, who is on duty
at the Southern station, had a narrow
escape from death Sunday night. At his
home. 120 Langton street, he made a salad
and ate heartily of it. In a few minutes
he was seized with violent pains and Dr
O'Brien was called in. He diagnosed the
case as one of ptomaine poison, and re
ported yesterday to Captain Splllane that
Ward was at one time in a very critical
condition. He was pronounced out of
danger yesterday.
COMPAQffII 6X9ZBAIXTSA.X3ATLA9TIQ7S.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
EaiUng every Thursday Instead of <Sffl&
Saturday, from November J. 1599. at >>•*'**?»
10 a. ra.. from Pter 42. North River, foot ol
Mcrton st.. LA GA.SCOGNE. April 13: LA TOU-
RAINE. April 28: LA BRETAGNE, May J; LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 10. First class to Havre.
160 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. f»5: 5 p«r cent re-
duction en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. U
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FXJOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, i Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
She Was Despondent.
Maggie Klneen. a married woman, liv
ing at 11H Haywood place, last night
swallowed a quantity of morphine with
Euicldal intent. She was at once removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where she was
relieved of the poison with the aid of a
stomach pump. The woman's husband is
a peddler, and as he was preparing to
make a trip Into the country to dispose of
his wares the concluded that she could
not live without him, even for a few dav S
and resolved to end her existence It" is
believed she will recover.
Hatch's Property Attached.
OAKLAND, April 15.— An execution was
issued to-day by the court and an attach
ment filed by Sheriff Rodgers on the prop
erty of A. T. Hatch, the fruit grower, to
satisfy a deficiency of $47,792 25 due on a
mortgage to Sherman Clay & Co. The
property attached is located in Murray
Township.
KILLED BY CARELESS
HANDLING OF SHOTGUN
Ten- Year-Old Girl's Head Blown Off by
the Weapon in a Little Broth
er's Hands.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 16.
ANNIE NUNES, 10 years old, was
shot and instantly killed last even
ing by the accidental discharge of
a shotgun In the bands of her
eight-year-old brother, George. The
tragic affair occurred on the ranch of the
children's father, Joseph Nunes, located
in the hills, five miles southeaster Hay
wards. Early this morning the father
went to town and reported: the • shoot
ing, to Deputy Coroner Grindell. who re
paired to the scene at once and made an
Investigation, which - developed the acci
dental nature of the death.
The girl's head was fairly split open, a
full charge entering the .upper portion
from a distance of eight feet. The boy
was carrying the loaded weapon into the
house, and as he passed the kitchen door
the hammer caught and . exploded . a
cartridge. The little girl was standing
near the doorway in direct line of. the
Bhot. She expired immediately.
The boy was so frightened by the terri
ble accident that he fled and hid . for
hours under a bench in an outhouee,
where he was found late at night by his
father.
Rumors of the shooting reached Hay
wards late last night, and It was then
sal d that the boy had deliberately used
his, sister as a target, not knowing that
the weapon was loaded. This story was
denied -this afternoon by the father, who
at Haywards corroborated the official re
port made by Deputy Coroner Grindell to
Coroner Mehrmann, who ordered „ an in
quest to beheld to-morrow at the ranch,
the body being permitted to remain there
at the reouest of the parent*.
Death of an Old Engineer.
OAKLAND. April 16.— James M. Blanch
ard of this city, who was one of the old
est engineers in the employ of the South
ern Pacific Company, died In the Southern
Pacific Hospital yesterday from heart
trouble. He was 56 years of age and leave-*
three grown children. The funeral will
take place to-morrow afternoon from Ma
sonic Hall. West Oakland.
Dartmouth Alumni Reunion.
An rnjoyablf? reunion of the Dartmouth
Alumni Association was held last night at
the Occidental Hotel. Among the Invited
guests were Hon. H. C. Ide. 'CS, ex-Chief
Justice of Samoa and member of the Phil
ippine Commission, and Judge Sears of
Oregon. Addresses were made by Rev.
Dr. Wllley, first president of the College
of California; \V. E. Barnard. Ira G Hoitt
William D Walker. Fieher Am« and
Charles H. Ham 71. Hon. Thomas Flint,
president of the State Senate, presided
and Hon. Henry C. Ide was elected an
honorary member of the association.
LIEBES WANTED NO
CONTRACT WIDOWS
Peculiar Provisions Recorded in the
Will of the Young
Profiting by the experience cf others.
Georpe Uebes, who died in this city April
6. provided in his will for unlooked-for
widows ami childitn and for possible con
trpts. In the document filed yesterday the
following occur*:
I eolemrslj- declare that I have never been
married «t»xl hay«- no child cr children, but
Kavirjr n-jtireti thf- facility with whioh alleged
widows and SHeirHimate children have b«?a
able to Judicially tstabliah their claim* In that
i>-Far<J, I cow j-rovide that ehouid any woman
*.-jce«-ed In judicially establishing .the fact that
rhe ev«T »a* ray wi> she ehall be paid by my
executor* the *urn of ten dollars, and I further
X>rovid«* that *h<u!d any r#r*on claiming to be
tc.y child Judicially establish the fact that he
or she la ray child, l«rirtUsa.t* or Illegitimate.
I direct my execotfln to pay to such child or
children each tbe sum of ten dollars.
And further on he declares:
I direct. ar.J it is my fixed purpose, that any
one enterirj? a contest cf this will or In any
wise lnt»-re««Ml in said contest, nhaJl receive
al*?lutcly nothing out cf my estate.
The brothor? of the testator— Sidney
LJebes and Julian Lle-bes— are named as
executors and residuary legatees. One
hundred dolJar* apiece is l«-ft to Iconic
Armer and Klsle Liebfs, sisters, and Ed
rar Uebes. a brother: 1500 in left to Violet
Weber, a cousin: $25*) is left for the edu
cation of Herman Liebes. a nephew, and
eon of Sidney Lleb^s. and C 5 a. month
until hi* death, is left to the testator*
grandfather. Aaron Michael of this city.
The value of the estate is not mentlon
fd- The will Is dated May 20. 18». It di
rects that the testator's body b« cre
mated.
Boy Fatally Injured.
SAX JOSE, April 16.— Mrs. M. J. Gilman
of East San Jose was thrown from a cart
this afternoon and had her right ankl*
fractured and her collar-bone dislocated.
The horse got loose from the cart and
knocked down Roy Keuner, a 14-year-old
boy, who received injuries which may re
sult fatally..
Congressman Metcalf 's Misfortune.
OAKLAND, April 16.— Corinne Metcalf.
the little daughter of Congressman Victor
H. Metcalf. who has been suffering: from
typhoid fever, suffered a sudden relapse
to-night and recovery is doubtful. Mrs.
Metcalf arrived from "Washington to-day
and Congressman Metcalf is expected to
morrow.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. ra..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board on 'day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. April Stn. 19C9
SS. AMERICA MARC. Saturday. May Uta. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
„ Thursday. June 14th. 13CO
• Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's oface.
4fl Market st-. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERUOtTRO
<PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLTMOt'TH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW TORK TO CHERBOURO
AND HAMBURG.
For Balling, etc.. Apply to
HAMBTTRO-AMERICAN LINE. JT B'dw'y.NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'a passengers on application.
HEHZOO * CO.. Oen. Ajrts. for Paeinc Coaat.
•01 California St.. corner Sar.some. S. V.
TRIAL OF FITZGERALD
FOR MURDER BEGINS
Accused Seeks to Obtain a Change of
Venue, but the Judge Denies
~l Tu', the Motion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 16.— The trial of
John Fitzgerald for the murder of John
Lennon commenced here this afternoon
before Judge Lorigan. Out of the regular
panel of talesmen but five were selected
to act as Jurors. A special venire of
thirty waa ordered to issue, with a direc
tion to summon them from the body of the
county. District Attorney Bullock Is pros
ecuting and L. P. Boardman defending
Fitzgerald. Last Monday, the trial of the
case was to have commenced, but at that
time Attorney Boardman moved for a
change of venue. An affidavit of the de
fendant was read at that time, in which
he alleged that on account of his attitude
at certain times upon various questions
of importance he had Incurred the ani
mosity of certain classes of people in the
county, who would now lend their ef
forts to obtain his conviction. One In
stance was that he had opposed the pol
icy of the Spring Valley Water Company,
another that he had advocated the re
moval of the county seat, another that he
opposed the Incorporation of the. town of
Colma, and for these reasons he had an
tagonized, one way or another, most of
the people of the county. Countless af
fidavits were presented by the District At
torney showing that Fitzgerald had over
estimated his Importance and that he was
but little known. The motion for the
change was denied. "
, The examination of . the Jurors to-day
proceeded upon the theory that they must
be biased against defendant' for the rea
sons set forth in the afore mentioned af
fidavit. Very few of those examined had
an acquaintance with him, and many
never heard of him. The case will be re
sumed to-morrow morning.
Hire a Special Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, April 16.— Court Tolo 1313.
I. O. F., has chartered a special car,
which will be run to Dixon Thursday af
ternoon on the regular train. Sixty or
Aftventv members of Court Y olo will cro
The Secrets of Planets Revealed.
The Immense telescope which Is now In
process of construction Is expected to bring;
the moon within a. mils'* «ye»Uht of this
world, and to reveal the -secrets ot all planet!).
It may cause as great a change in the world's
thought as Hostetter's Stomach Bitters does
In the physical condition of sufferers from
dyspepsia. constipation, liver or kidney
troubles. The Bitters strengthen the entire
system, and also, prevents malaria, fever and
ague. Try It. ¦
Civil Service Examinations.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that from April 23 to
28 examinations will be held in this city
for the positions of first-class marine en
gineering draftsman at Newport News,
Va., at a salary of $5 per day; of flrst
cless mechanical draftsman at Newport
News. Va., at $5 per day. On May 15 an
examination will be held for the position
of, statistical field agent. Commission of
Fish and Fisheries.
Association of Secretaries.
Several weeks ago Secretary Wood of
the San Diego Chamber of Commerce
started a movement for the organizatios
of the secretaries of all the commercial
and industrial bodies of the Pacific Coast,
and In his letters to his fellow officials
suggested that the organization be per
fected under the direction of the Board of
Regents of the University of California.
The project found favor, and the Regents
appointed E. Scott. E. Goodwin, J. R.
Freud, G. Dennison ano H. L. Smith of
the local bodies to get the project under
way. This committee will meet at 2 p. m.
to-morrow and arrange for the formation
of an association.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P3P 3 o :r th* jlistid
From Sp«ar»str»»t ""-'har! at 10 a. m.
CJtDC £12 First Class Including Berth
In ML $3 Second Class and .Meal*.
COLUMBIA sails Apnl 8
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. liutte.
Helena and all points in the Northweat.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Genera! Agent.
KK> Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
Suj^rtatendents.
down to assist Deputy Supreme Ranger
Duckworth in instituting a new court at
Dixon. A team from the Elmlra court
will also be present and confer the ori
ental degree upon a number of candi
dates.
TWO MEN HELD AND
SUSPECTED OF MURDER
Bancher Mysteriously Disappears and
Indications Point to Foul Play
Having Taken Place.
EITREKA, Cal.. April 16.— Peter Klos*.
a resident of the Dyervllle section, has
been missing for two weeks. Saturday
Sheriff Brown received a letter containing
intimations of foul play and he immedi
ately left for the scene to conduct an in
vestigation. This evening word was re
ceived that the Sheriff has under arrest
there Joe Hendrickson and Peter Faellng.
KIOS3 and Hendrickson lived at adjoin
ing ranches and there had been trouble
between the two for some time In the
courts over the right of way across Hen
drickson's land. Searching parties thor
oughly scoured the country surrounding
the ranches, but no trace of the missing
man can be found. A hole In the ground
where Kloss Is known to have burled J24'i
was found empty and his clothes are also
missing from his cabin. The two men
under arrest are suspected of doing away
with Kloss.
»
SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY
TEACHERS IN SESSION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. April 16.~The San
Luis Obispo County Teachers' Institute
convened to-day for a five days' session.
Mrs. Woods is ex offleio president, airs. K.
Goodrich secretary and Mrs. E. S. Wll3on
conductor of ihe convention.
The reception committee Is composed of
Miss Mary McKennon. Mrs. M. S. Spauld
ing and Miss Hilda Soderstrom.
The committee on music is composed of
James Preston, Mias Minnie Mayne, Miss
Mary Collins. Miss Bessie Collins, Miss
Harriet Wilcox.
At the opening of the session Invoca
tion was pronounced by Rev. Father V.
Aguilera. Judge McD. R. Venable, presi
dent of the City Board of Trade, wel
comed the teachers to San Luis Obispo.
At the muslcale Mrs. A. J. Monihon. solo
ist: Mrs. T. T. Crittenden, accompanist,
and Miss Harriet Wilcox participated.
The main subject under consideration
for the first session was "Professional In
spiration," by David S. Sneddon, principal
of Paso Robles High School.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 16.-John W. Taylor
of San Francisco is at the Holland; A.
Bouvler of San Francisco is at the Mur
ray Hill.' A. M. Horton sails to-morrow
for Europe.
ARTISTS CONTRIBUTE
TO THE GROVE FUND
Amateur Auctioneers to Invite Bids
for Pictures on Exhibition at
the Bohemian Club.
An exhibition of pictures by the artist
members of the Bohemian Club will be
held in the Jinks room of the club, com
mencing to-day and closing Thursday
evening. The artists, comprising the
managing committee, announce that the
pictures will be sold at auction on Thurs
day evening and that the proceeds of the
sale will be donated toward the purchase
of the redwood grove on the Russian
River.
The auctioneers will be Horace Platt,
Louis Sloss Jr. and Albert Gerberding.
The committee has named three days
when visitors may enjoy the privileges of
the exhibition. To-day from 2 to 5 o'clock
the whole club will be placed at their dis
posal. To-morrow between the same
hours guests will be admitted to the
Jinks room only by way of the elevator.
On Thursday from 8 to 11 p. m.. during
which time the pictures will be on sale at
auction, visitors will also be admitted.
• For the benefit of those who attend the
exhibition to-day and to-morrow the com
mittee will receive bids for pictures
through the office of the club, which bid.s
will be reported to the auctioneers on
Thursday night and accepted unless
higher bids are made.
The Bohemian Quartet and the' Banjo
Club have volunteered their services for
Thursday evening.
the end of the first act Miss Edythe
Chapman brought the offenders to their
senses by stopping short in the middle of
her act and gazing lixedly Into the box
and waiting until silence was restored.
This little by-play received a general ap
plause. There was no more disturbance.
The Nelll company's next production will
be "Captain Letterblalre," by Miss Mar
garet Merrington, a play in which E. H.
Sothern scored a great success.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar had a good audience last
evening, the opening of another week of
"Quo Vadis." The cast was as hereto
fore—George P. Webster as Xero, Edwin
T. Emery as Vinlcius. Ernest Hastings as
Petronlus, Jeffrey Williams as Tigellinus,
the roles of Lygia, Pomponla and Ursus
being taken respectively by Miss May
Blaney, Miss Margaret Marshall and
George Nichols. What has been previous
ly said applies to the performance of last
evening. There Is enough of the unusual
to keep the interest going and the scenes
are quite effective. The play seems to be
booked for good houses during its run.*
Columbia.
Yniliam A. "West's Minstrels commenced
their second week at the Columbia The
ater last night. The house was well
flllled. The singing in the first part of
Charles G. Weber, John P. Rodgers and
Richard J. Jose was thoroughly appre
ciated and enthusiastically applauded. In
the second part the acrobatic feats of the
three Luken brothers and the grotesque
dancing and contortions of the three Mar
velles were marvelous.
Grand Opera-House.
The members of the new company at
the Grand Opera-house faced a large
crowd last night In their second perform
ance of "An Arabian Girl." Thq piece
promises to go wellr ¦
Fischer's Concert House.
The people at Fischer's Concert House
this week are Senorita Augusta Salvini,
Signorita Sylva Puererl, Master Thomas
Dunn, the boy soprano; Blgnorlna Pollet
tini. Slgnor Badaracco, Senor Vargas and
Hinrichs' orchestra. Last evening the
programme included scenes from "Mig
non" and "Cavallerla Rustlcana," with
Badaracco. Vargas and Puereri In the
casts; also a great variety of orchestral
music, ranging from Strauss waltzes to
a fantasia from "Lohengrin." Among the
numbers were Czardas from "Cappelia,"
and numbers by Leutner. Parelli, Haydn,
Sabathil. Delibes. Kerker, Massenet and
Gounod. The names of the authors sug
gest that there was variety of moods and
that was the fact. Master Dunn made his
first appearance In the house last evening.
He had to respond to an encore after he
had sung "The Holy City." Hinrichs led
the orchestra with skill and spirit. The
house was 'filled.
Testimonial to Miss Roddy.
At Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall thl9
evening Miss Adelaide Roddy, the well
known lyric and dramatic soprano, will
be tendered a farewell testimonial, prior
to her departure for the East. She will
be assisted by Bernard Walther, violin;
A. Rodeman, flute, and Roscoe Warren
Lucy, piano, and the programme will In
clude compositions of Grieg, Tostl, Haydn,
Sarasate, Donizetti and Gounod.
OCEAN TBAVET*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leav* Broadway
-wharf. San Francisco:
t^»h Fcr Ala»ltan ports— lo a. ra-.
Kr^gte^ April 18. 21. 25; May 1. Changs
KftJ^^jJT^H to comjjasy'i i:^.~?.*s at ac-
IgMlia w\l For Victoria. Vancouver <T-
BEfaC^Vf?<f c ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
Fl*lW3&&i4\\F l *1W3&&i4\\ Taccma. Everett. Anacortea
' and New Whateora (Waan )—
10 a. ra.. April IS. ?!. 26; May
1 and every fifth day ther-after; change at Se-
attle to this company's learners for Al« ka *nd
G. N. Ry. : at Taccma to N. F. Ky. . at > an-
"rorVure^fH^to.dt Bay 2gg££jggj
14. 19. 24. 29; May * and every firth day tnere-
af For *anta Cruz Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
'^Sa^VeVTVto'/plng onty at Port . Harford
?San Luis OMspo>. Santa Barbara Pert U>»
A.r.Kde9 and Re<londi (Los Anjeles>—U a. m..
April 15. 1». 23. S7: May 1 and every fourth day
th Fo*r tt Ensenarta.. Mst^alena Bay Pan J^s» d»l
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa UcsaliA
and Guayinaa (Mexico)— lo a. m.. ttb of eaca
"For further Information obtain company's
C Th*«" company reserves the rt*ht to char.*<>
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
W l»hf»nt previous notice.
TICKET OFKIUti —4 New Mcr.tscxnery
street (Palace Hct<»o.
GOODALL. PERKIN? * CO.. On. Ajrents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
against, but they were not left long In
¦ignorance. Of course, they were not In
any danger of bodily "harm beyond an
occasional set-to with an indiscriminating
bull-dog or a rather warm reception from
an inconsiderate housewife and mother
who had some inexplicable objection to
disclosing the number and names of her
progeny.
These little experiences were unpleas
ant, it is true; but the census marshals
did not mind them so much after the first
few hours. They had by that time ac
quired considerable ability in putting
fences between themselves and the dogs
and In standing off the lingual attacks of
the mothers who did not know the differ
ence between a census marshal and a
poundman. What they could not get used
to and what promises to make WTecks of
them, mentally and physically, before the
fifteen days expire is the excess of in
formation thrust upon them by proud and
doting mammas who insist on telling any
thing and everything they can think ot
regarding their offspring. It made no dif
ference if the unfortunate census marshal
insisted that all he wanted to know was
the number of children in the family,
their names, ages and nativity, the mo
ment he stated the object of his visit
these confidential and loquacious females
WHY SCHOOL CENSUS TAKERS CANNOT SLEEP NIGHTS.
I:=3WO score stoop-shouldered, sad
, eyed, weary, disheartened-looking
I men of all ages and sizes and pre-
J vious conditions of servitude dragged
themselves up the stone steps leading to
the office of the Chief Census Marshal in
the City Hall yesterday afternoon Just as
the clock was striking the hour of 5.
These same fortj* men had left the room
earlier in the day full of enthusiasm for
the work to which they had been assigned
and Joyfully thankful for the opportunity
to work fifteen short days at $5 per,
weighted down only by the multitude of
instructions imparted to them by Chief
Census Marshal John Ellert as to the
best and easiest means of securing a full
and complete record of all the children of
either sex and of all colors within the
confines of the city and county of San
Francisco who have arrived at and not
passed the school age — from 5 to 17 years.
The forty census marshals were told
In the morning that their work must be
completed by April 30, and then they were
dispatched to the hlthermost ends of the
city. They little knew what they were up
040+0*0^0«0*0«0<»0*0*0<»0#0*
V!£HY isjiAUHFuuf
GjJ A Natural Mineral "Water £
igjfl »lth medicinal qualities, o
llfljl F°? Indigestion and °
ylpS& Stonaelt Disorders, o
J|||| So-called VICHY !
-?»gfo%|i IN SIPHONS £
jlpsM VJCHYf
g^jg^ Get the Genuine £
A. VICNIER, Distributing Asrent*
o»o*O'#o*O*o*O*C3>OAO*O*O'*O*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE WIZARD OF
THE NILE" WILL
HAVE A BIG RUN
Alexandre Petscbnikoff an
Artist of Superior
Brilliancy.
New Company at the Grand Opera
House^ — The Bills at the Other
Theaters Remain Un-
I have several hundred words to eat
on the question of Victor Herbert's mu
sic, which hitherto I have found it im
possible to favor or commend. In "The
Wizard of the Nile" It is so much better
than 1 dreaded that I might easily err in
overpraising it. It 13 not better than
some of the tuneful spots of his other
operas, but, taken from the overture to
the final finale. It is a very even effort,
though it is thumped out rather reckless
ly by Mr. Hirschteld.
Three actfuls of such good stuff should
be enough to mark "The Wizard of the
Nile" as a singularly good entertainment
and we should be thankful for a bur
lesque that la not composed with a scis
sors. This one has, thanks to the music,
almost the dignity of an opera and, more
over, the music carries off the usual
banality of Harry B. Smith's lined, which
is no small achievement.
It was different with "The Idol's Eye."
In that optical opera the plot was not
pleasantly absurd as this; it was silly
and the dialogue was hopeless drivel.
"The Wizard" is worth a peacock's tail
ful of "Idol's Eyes" and it should out
run it fti a walk.
The Tivoli people put a snap in the
show and gave the smoothest and live
liest first night performance I have ever
seen. There is evident in scene and
costume a more than usual taste, and the
movement of the thing is refreshing.
The chorus, cross-gartered in tinsel,
displays a multitude of golden calves that
add much to the general plcturesqueness.
Ferris Hartman grasps opportunities,
situations and chorus girls with his cus
tomary zeal and has the part of Kibosh
as pat as if he had romped it a hundred
times. - . .
Alf Whelan is in all sorts of ways bet
ter than he has been in any other part,
and Schuster gave me a similar surprise.
Helen Merrill and Annie Meyers snug
their parts and Tom Green is stiff but
harmless in a small part.
Miss Graham is a picture that might be
improved if she knew better how to make
up her eyes, and sings gloriously. It is a
way she has.
Alexandre Petschnikoff will be one of
the great violinists of the twentieth cen
tury. Had he been born a decade sooner
his fame would be a thing of the present,
as it will be of the coming era, for even.
now in his youth he is great. I am al
ways very careful about using this
treacherous adjective, but his brow had
hardly skimmed the strings yesterday
afternoon before his title to all that the
word "great" conveys was indisputably
manifest.
Violinists have been as scarce as pian
ists have been plentiful in San Francisco
these past few seasons, but our patience
has been rewarded, for not only have we
now the opportunity to hear the king of
instruments played by an artist, but the
artist is one of supreme genius.
Petschnikoff's playing is sensational by
virtue of hi:* rare gifts alone and without
the unworthy aid of tricks of any kind
whatever. He is first of all musicianly
and authoritative. His feeling for his art
seems to be as deep and true as his tech
nique is thorough and finished. He is
brilliant, yet dignified; electrifying, yet
sincere. 1 would liken his brilliance to
that of the meteor rather than the rocket.
His tone is intense rather than immense;
< p rather than broad and its superb
quality is sustained with perfect sym
metry" and the most pleasing security and
depehdableness.
His numbers yesterday were uncom
monly interesting, consisting of the
Tschalkowsky D major Concerto and
Bach's "Cha'conne." Petschnikoff estab
lished himself in the first movement of
the concerto, which was a delightful Item
and snowed a rarely limpid and sweet
cantabile in the "Canzonetta" which fol
lowed. The Chaconne, rich with a fancy
and spirituality that we do not usually
associate with Bach, was given with the
most Insinuating charm and I shall re
member Petschnikoff's playing of it as an
unsurpassable exhibition of the sublime
in music.
Hambourg was something of a dlsap-
E ointment. The charm of Rubinstein's
> minor Concerto was due chiefly to the
beauty of the composition and Its agree
able form, yet It was the best thing that
Hambourg did. In a Chopin nocturne
and two studies he exhibited an awe-In
spiring velocity and a stupendous techni
cal facility: but his interpretations, par
ticularly of the much abused nocturne,
were outre. Chopin has become a victim
of the virtuoso and Hambourg but, shows
us what new and strange things can be
done to these compositions, of which the
purely musical purpose should be sacred.
The assisting orchestra was not bad
and M. Lachaume was given much ap
plause and a wreath — probably because he
Is good looking.
PORTER GARNETT.
Orpheum.
There are some rare and spicy novelties
at the Orpheum. but the character of the
attendance never changes-Mt is always a
full house. The .house Is so full this
week that the free list has been suspend
ed and standing room only Is the lot of
those who come late. Among the new
comers. Bellman and Moore, singing and
dancing comedians, do some neat and
original turns, the lady catching the ad
miration of the Johnnies with the be
wildering perplexities of many-hued petti
coats and shapely limbs. Falke and
Semon also pcore a hit with their clever
bit of singing, dancing and good acting.
Ventriloquist Duncan Is one of the wit
tiest and funniest and thoroughly up to
date. Something novel is the exhibit of
trained pigeons, cockatoos and ravens by
Mme. Marzella. Ravens that jump
through hoops of fire and cockatoos that
spell and turn back somersaults are not
to be sneezed at every day.
The show concludes with the Gultanos.
comic acrobats, who must be seen to be
enjoyed. The holdovers are: SI Stebbins,
Bobby Gaylor, the De Forrests and the
Empire Comedy Four.
California.
It was an appreciative audience that
gTeeted James Xelll and his company of
artists at the California Theater last
night. "A Bachelor's Romance" is one
of those quiet productions which com
mands the keen attention of an audience.
Last evening there was an exception to
this rule. In one of the boxes was a party
which annoyed the patrons and artists
alike by making too much noise. Toward
FORTY SCHOOL CENSUS
MARSHALS BEGIN WORK
CUBAN POET IS
DISCUSSED BY
M. DE REGNIER
Large Audience Listens to
His Discourse on Jose
de. Heredia.
This Eminent Scholar Is to Give a
Series of Five Addresses in
French at Hearst
Hall.
• .
BERKELEY. Aprii 1«.-M. 6e Regn!»r,
the. French poet, delivered the first of a
f'-rie* cf lectsres la Hearst Hall this aft
ernoon en "Jose Maria de Heredia." The
lecture, which was in French, was lis
tened to attentively by several hundred
auditors.
I>c Kejrnier arrived from the East last
¦ \ •r.ir.j? and lur.ched to-day with Prince
A r.Jre Por.iatowski and Professor F. V.
Papet of the University of California.
Aftor paying his respects t« President
Wheeler he was escorted to Hearst Hall.
whero he met Mr« V^<»^^r;r Prr.fo«e/,r
where he met Mrs. H?ar?t. Professor
}'.:L-t t introduced the poet with a few brief
:'^.^rkj. i:. «it- Rrjnlfr seated himself
.-it a small taliie. placed his manuscript
befora him and talked as If he were dis
¦:r=:r.g to a circle of friends.
He made an immediate impression upon
bil audience. Every lir.e and every move
of the man denote great refinement and
extreme sensibility, lie is a man between
3. njiii 4) years o'd. tail, slender and grrace
fuL His face is delicate, hollow-cheeked
end iTitelJecfuaL
M. de Regnler ppoke In part as follows:
The fjrwt raenticn of Jone Marl* de Heredia
•was trade by Tb*opfci!e Gaot!«r in his rrport.
coief11<k1 la 1SC7. at th« inFtanrc of the Empe
ror, Naj>o)eca III, on the progrpss cf French lit
<ratur». Gautler ti**c!kr*<l him hirmanious ar.d
dOQMBL Froni 1*£T to • 1SS3 this p-o»t pub
lished T-ntV'r'g tjnt fc!s verses were circulating
in mar:::scrlpt uaosi his friends and In rart
ir.Fiaac** found their way Into tee newspapers
cr revtews-
It was erJy !n ISS3 that these works were
¦crated in a. volume entitled "Lies Tropbees."
Tbls book establiEhed Els reputation as a poet.
Tbe first edition was exhausted In a day. The
volume was filled with vrrsea excellently
¦wrought, both delicate and subtle. De Here
• - .. - ie*p irito fame was due to two causes —
tee exe»>l>Tice cf bis verses ar.d a certain curi
osity oc the part of the public to read this
poet of wh'« work so little had been accessl
cse« Two years latFr he was elected a mem
ber cf the Ar-aderny. De HeredJa is endowed
•with pr«*<U txuects. What he has written has
been pure poetry, without any care for mor
als, ya'itics or erythingr else; his only aim
Wis to create a thirx of beauty.
De Ileredla was torn !n IS«2 on the planta
tion c. 1a Kortusa la Cuba, near Santiaci, of
& Spanish father and a Frener. another. It wan
tbe inSuer.ee cf his sinther which decided him
to writ* h'.s poetry '.n French and not In Span
ish. "While still a boy he was *ent to a colleg-e
It. J'iVis. At the ace of IT he returned to Cuba,
where he rpnainej three years. Then he re-
MRMd to J'ann and became a student In the
Ecoie dcs Chtu-u-s.
IV.r t-rst work was the translation of a Span
!sh book of the fifteenth century entitled "A
Trot History of the Conquest of New
Fraitr." a bock written in a naive and simple
f:- K y Htmal Diaz del Castillo. In "Lea Tro
j^ees" we f.n.i several sonnet" whose Isspira
r- •: !s drawn from this medieval history.
"\*% Trcj,h<--es" were the rerult of thirty years
of itbcr. They represent what la called the
Psnawiin spirit, which Is exemplified by the
fact tiiat he has condensed his thought Into
cbout a hundred paces. Every word or rhra."=e
la chosen with the nioet scrupulous care, bo
that In hi* verges there it no element which Is
r.:t Indispensable. He ha* employed the fcrm
of a sonnet for his poetr.s. In the sonnet it has
beea curtcmary to develop the eutject of the
poem very lexically, but De Heredla has
chasred the cue of the sonnet, and lnrtead
Et developing his thought by means of the l^gi
caJ farulty, h«, has made use cf the imagina
tion. Each sonnet !s a combination of Im^es.
which, taken topeth-r. form a picture, and
e*rh Bor.net it a lifUe picture. In each of the*e
p-zems of only fourteen lines we have the tub
s-.sx.c* cf a lons poem. Tbe subject matter
at thest po^M is twofold— nature ar.d an
tiquity. The rreflter number are devoted to
ar.t!-r.:lty. t"> the ideas which are the rommon
JieritEKe of humanity. The author has followed
the French tradition which began with the
TMelade tn the sixteenth century. Uut this tra
dition hap been followed by Victor Hugo, D«
Vtrcy. TheoT.hi!e Oautler and the Parna?y'.ar.s"
I' r OHm poet antiquity Is not a matter of eru
fltfrm. Dot a <lead thins, but something livlrig
ar.i Vreathlrx-
To-rnorrewT afternoon at 3 o'clock M. d<»
Rcgnler ¦will lecture on "Parnassians and
Fy^.bolists. 1 '
FAIR POST GRADUATES
ENTERTAINED FRIENDS
An entertainment and dance were given
by the post graduates of St. Brigrid'a
Academy last evening in Golden Gate
Hall. There was a large attendance and
the programme rendered was greatly ap
preciated. Tbe evening's entertainment
opened with a selection by St. Brigld's or
chestra, composed of the following young
ladies: Misses Lulu English, Judith and
Irma Shiiick, Joan and Josephine Bald
win. Edna Weil. Grace Haley, Edith
Donovan. Clarissa Graves, Edna Schaen
ling. Eulalie Kane, Jessie McHugh, Mabel,
Mollie and Agnes Kelly. All the perform
ers wielded the bow in an artistic manner.
Miss Katherine E. Galvin accompanied on
the piano. The rest of the programme
consisted of the following numbers:
Vocal solo, Philip Paschal; harp selections,
Mrs. Mary Kimball-Fiti*lmmons; tenor solo
i selected). Frank Grifflng; recitation. Thomas
Mickey : comic selections. William Hynes; reci
tation, Charlotte E. Johnston; vocal duet (Don
izetti). Mrs. Frank Weiss and Mrs. James R.
Kentrel.
The following ladies and gentlemen
had the affair In charge: Mrs. Weiss,
Mi.«s L. Roourke. Misses Anna and M.
Convey, Miss M. Cooper. Miss I* English,
Misses Powers. Miss Galvin, Mrs. J. R.
Kentzel, Mrs. Enright. Miss Sue Healy,
Mrs. J. P. Duffy and Miss Desmond; and
Messrs. Ed Convey. J. P. Duffy, Ed
Power. Jack Convey, J. Mcßride, J. R.
Kentzel. F. Rich. J. Scanlon and Bernard
and Martin Power.
EXCITING TIME
AT THE MEETING
OF STUDENT BODY
Fight Over the Method of
Electing Graduate
Manager.
An Amendment Is Hade That
This Officer Be Elected
by a General
Vote.
BERKELEY, April 16.— The Associated
Students of the University of California
met in Stiles Hall this morning and dis
cussed the proposed new constitution. On
the whole the obstacles as presented were
approved by the association. Everything
was orderly as usual until section 3 of
article 4 was read. It follows:
The president, the vice president, the ««cre
tary and ih-e student member-at-large on the
executive committee shall be elected by the
association in the month of April of each year.
The nianarer shail be elected in the month o'
April of each second year by the outgoing
executive committee. But the graduate man
ager shall have no vote in such elections. FV>ur
votes shall b* required to elect the manaxer.
For the ;-n*sent year the manager shall be
elected by the active members of the Associated
Students. The faculty member and alumni
members on the executive committee shall be
appointed in Arril of each year by the presi
dent of the university.
An amendment to this was offered so
that the graduate manager shall be elect
ed by the student body. The discussion
that followed was very warm, and many
bitter thingrs were said.
It Is known that as soon as nominations
for the office of manager Is made the
names of Reno Hutchinson and C. B.
Thomas will be presented. The support
ers of both candidates then went at each
other "hammer and tongs." The mem
bers of the executive committee
thought in tho matter of making
the choice of candidates a better
and more experienced man could
be found. They suggested that some one
who is r.ot known to the present student
body but who has shown marked busi
ness ability can be secured.
This the majority of students would not
agTee to. The amendment was carried
by a small majority and the managers
will be elected by the student body.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1900.
.Positively cored by tbeae
Uttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspeptfat
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet rexobdy for Dixztoess, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongrse
Pain fa the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Rcgulato the Bowdi. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. Small Dose*
.6ma!l Price.'
XtUHIIim-rtiUHHI H-frx
t Don't fall to try +
I BEEGHAiTS PILLS |
+ wfjen autforins from any bad ?
j* condition cf t ho Stomach **'.
'.', or^Ltvor. V j
. i lO cents nnd 25 cent*, at drugstore*.. '*
9
DE REGNIER AND HIS WIFE.FOR sale — A perfect road or carriage team of
geldings, dark bays; over K'i hands high:
well matched, well bred and very stylish; no
finer, handsomer or safer team can be found
in California. Can be seen at the cor. 20th
aye. and Point Lobos road (Casaldy's), or ad-
dress W. FORD .THOMAS. 327 Market St.,
San Francisco.
HORSES HORSES HORSES.
Will sell in carload lots; F. O. 8.. S. F.;
good serviceable young horses: weight 900 to
1400 lbs.; owing to dry season will sell ln
carlots for $10 each. Address box 231. Ven-
tura. Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ANOTHER big hors« sale: special announce-
ment later. Occidental Horse Exchange. 731
Howard street. W. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1623 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
. also some fine matched black teams.
CARRIAGE, fancy working and driving horses
1100 to 1500 pounds, at 35 Dore st., near Ninth
and Folsom.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 8 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet, dent.. 605 Golden Gate ay.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Switzer's
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
CH , E , APEST and best ln America— The Weekly
$ aX h i 8i 8 *****- »« nt »<> any address in the
United States or Canada one year for n
postage paid. *-*?»,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; ne\-er falls; has the preatest Egyptian
secret: «hows picture future huEband or wife;
fee 26c and up; satisfaction to everybody; tips
on, race-. IIS7 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton Bt.. near Larkln.
MISS MELVILLE, great clalrvoyand and water
reader; German spoken. S2IH Mission, op. Mint.
MME HANSON, palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 12. .
MME ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader: last w»ek; readings 25c.
MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium; re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt.; r. 15.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
fittings daily. 212% Sixth st.
MMX RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
bßnd'w picture. 25c: ladlea. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPE NO3IE.
CAPE Nome rocker; cheapest, lightest and
best; latest Improvements. 191H4 Mission.
C ' OLLECTIOV OF FicES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
le«» successful. Room 310. 927 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms: large yard and good cel-
lar Apply at 212 Colllngwood st., bet. 19th
and 20th (Castro street cars to 19th).
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and barn: 25x110; 1567
Treat aye.. bet. Precita and Stoneman. Call
at 221 Shotwell 6t.
COTTAGE— Sunny and pleasant five rooms and
bath. 271S Bryant, near Twenty-flfth.
~ "~~~ DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other ill lings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $S; a
full ret of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
Bpeclalty: sac our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st. ;
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20'O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5: gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction, 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mlsslon.cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set: extracting SOc; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext., crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st.; crown-
bridge work: ext. painless: full set teeth $7
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full eet of teeth. S4; crowns, $3; fllllngß. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Planless" : cvenlncs and Sun-
day s^loolMarketBt_^_corn£i_J3lxth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 11. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
610 Golden Gate aye.: a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; nil
animals treated: does bonrded. Tel. Weßt 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn practical
¦ dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post Bt.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st. ; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
tpying. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market St.. San Francisco.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket: bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
scholarship, $50; day and evening; catalogue.
EYE specialist of large experience will instruct
ln refraction, ophthalmoscopy, retinoscopy.
Box 4669, Call office.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission ;vlolin, guitar.
FKENCH.SpaDlnh.etc.Prof.De Filippe's Academy
of lanirnage*,32o Poßt ;estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; 'Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thoro'jgh Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^JAJPA?JEI3i£Hm?E^
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st. : telephone Bush 135*.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office-
Best help. 417 Powell st., telephone Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse-
girl or assist with housework; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _^
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation:
also flrst-class Norwegian cook, with best
city references, city or country: competent
woman with a child wants position in the
country as working housekeeper. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation at downstairs
work and cooking; wages $25. Call 626 Waller.
LADY of good address would like a place as
housekeeper In a hotel or chambermaid, pan-
try or linen room helper; city or country; ref-
erences. 413 O'Farrell st.
SITUATION wanted by elderly American woma-
n at housework; good cook and baker; city
or short distance ln country; no postals. 10C5
Market St., ' opposite Jones.
WANTED— By competent German girl, house-
work and cooking. Call or address 1931 Six-
teenth aye.. South San Francisco. :
RESPECTABLE, steady girl; general house-
work; good plain cooking; references. Call 33C
29th st., bet. Church and Sanchez; no postals.
COMPETENT nurse would like a position as
infant's nurse or care of grown children; can
speak French or sew or help with chamber-
work ; no objection to the country. Call at
1513 Market st. • .
LADY wishes position to assist with light
housework, etc. : must be treated as one of the
family; $2 a week. Box 4670, Call office. r
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
who is a good plain cook and washer; city
references. Call 214 Fifth st.
YOUNG lady of culture and refinement wishes
to travel with some one going East, or will
be companion to Invalid lady. ; Call or ad-
dress C;, 1259 ¦ O'Farrell , St.; Young Women's
Christian Association. - . . ¦¦•¦¦ v . -.- . : . ¦
SCANDINAVIAN girl desires position as nurse
or companion . to lady en ¦ route for Paris;
, knows French; no wages; city reference. Call
i 2623 California st. .
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
HOUSKS — LODGING — FOR SALE.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUJESDAY, APKIL 17, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franciscb
rail, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:3O p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C 39 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. xn.
CXE Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
I? 41 Mission fctreet; open until 10 p. .m.
22G1 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
tntll 9 p. i-!.
306 Kleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3C'.*6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
1223 Pclk street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
lucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
t.. ¦ -
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO. F. and /-
A. M.— Meeting THIS (TrESDAY)_e\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-li_K
Kree. GEO. J. HOPE, Sec. '^^
PACIFIC Lo<ige No. 136. F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy Bti meets THIS (TUESDAY) _»\_
EVENING, at 7;20 o'clock. Third de-
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M— Third derive THIS (TUESDAY) J\
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. tf Jf
A. H. HUBBARD. Secretary. fV^
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived _j)pUe_t_a__ to mme -by the hydraulic
process :rom the Red Dog Mining Company
and South Yuba Water Company, ln the Red
Dog mine, near You Bet Station Nevada
County, to deposit tailings in Greenhorn
Cre«k; from Martin Kline, In the Bowlder
Hi!i mine, near PiacerviUe. El Dorado Coun-
ty, to deposit tallir.ee in a ravine below the
rr.ine; frctn G. E. Vainer, ln the Little Klon-
dyice placer mine, near Placerville. El Dorado
County, to dejxislt tailings in Coon Hollow
Creek, &ml from E. W. Hayden. In the Bluff
placer mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings ln a ravine below
the mine, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 59. Klo^d building. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on April 30, ISOO, at 1:50 p. m.
ENGROPfING
Resolutions and diplomas a specialty. J. W.
Griffith. Heald'g Business College. U Post st.
agents' wanted.
AGENTS for an all-round useful uteneil; best
ever invented: $15 to $25 per day; profitable,
permanent business. Call or write HERRICK.
14:7 Brush Et.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED builfiing and loan agents.
Itocm 14u6, Claus Fpreckels building.
A GOOD proposition for ladies or gentlemen.
1140 Market st.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest aatrol-
oglst and palmist in the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attcrney-at-law; tele-
phone Davis Zii. 410 Kearny St.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. JC7 Market St., opp. Mason.
F. 11. MERZBACH, attorney-at-law, has re-
Fumrd practice at 10Z Cal. St., Clunle bldg.
L E. CLARK. Kmma Ppreckels bldg.. $27 Mar-
ker ft.: consultation free: no feep ln advance.
____ BATI£ CABINET— HOT AIIt^VAPOR.^
ROBINSON $3 4-panel folding; door opens firm
and gafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
ki;l<;ian hares.
the american rabditry.
\Y. 15. SINK Jit., Proprietor.
Finest imported Belgian Il&rts in the United
States.
See our rr.ajrr.ifieent young buck,
BANNOCKUURN.
A worthy ofTFprintc of the trreat Lord Banbury.
PRINCESS ZEXIA,
The most beautitui imported doe ln America.
T— i* week we will tell Yukon does bred to
Eannocklmrn fcr $12 50.
Young Sir Ucnbury does same price.
See before you Luy and get good value for
your money.
Stock by champion of the world Fashoda.
Champion Edinboro 11. Champion Lord Ban-
bury. Champion Yukon, Champion Dash, Sir
Etyk's, LorJ Edinboro and Trinidad.
Park Avenue. Emeryville.
One block from £an Pablo-ave. cars.
AT F. E. MASON" S. 1710 Everett St., Ala-
meda— "LOUD ESSEX." Imported, fee $20; |
"Teddy Roosevelt," winner first prize Los j
Anceles. fee $15; "Dandy Styles," own son
of "Sir Styles." fee $15; "nritain Prince,"
own son of "Lord Hritain" and "Avalanche."
lee $li; "General Washington" (heavyweight),
son of '"Star Buck," fee 110; does bred to
these backs from $]<) up; closed Sundays.
EXTRA ORDINARY BARGAINS in thorough-
bred Belgians: no disqualifications; pedigrees I
genuine. Good young does 55 each; old ones
$S EO; fine ones. $10; also extra high grades.
Prices according to quality; large numbers at
reduced rate*; we have hundreds to select
from. Also come choice young and matured
backs, $S to $.¦;<> each; «ook as represented, j
Los Ancelfg Rat.bltry. 303 Winston St., L. A. j
WVXTHKS ADDITION UAHTSITRY. 2107 Cali-
fornia Ft. : BaleFroom. stall 12. l.'nlon-square
Market. O'Farrell and Powell ets.; choice
pedigreed Etock. ,
BELGIAN hare?— Fancy stock on sale; bred
and unbred deep from $10 to $100; young pedi-
greed Ftook on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
ref-pondpnee solicited. I'ajaro Valley Rab-
fcitry. P. O. drawer D. Watsonville. CaL
RED-FOOT RABBITRY— Choice Yukon. Lord j
Britain. I»r<1 Lurein. Sir Styles. Duke of
Auckland. lied Rover and Klondike Nugget ¦
ptock; pome snaps In dnee ready to litter and
with your.g-. We solicit correspondence.
Seventh and Clay sts.. Oakland.
SALESROOM for the Laurel Dell Rabbltry of
Salinas, Cal., at the Monteompry Market. 7X5
Market ft.; acenta for the Meadow Brook
Heljdan Hare Company of Los Angeles. ',
THOROUGHBRED Belgian hares from all the
irreatett winning Ftrains. Champion Edinboro
11. Lord Britain and others. Tremont Rab-
tltry. 2425 Sacramento Ft.; phone West 237.
VICTORIA RABBITRY— Headed by Palace
Royal, scoring € prize*; other bucks at etud
and for sale; doe* of nil grade? and strains,
bred and unbred. 1277 Seventh ay., E. Oakl'd.
FOR pale — Pedlpreed Belgian bares; from $5
upward. MARKET-ST. RABBITRY, W. C.
riENTHAM. proprietor, 1532 Market Et.
MASCOT RABHITRY. 427 Sutter et., S. F. Fine
pedigreed stock guaranteed ; at reasonable
price*: service, $15 and $25.
THE Encinal Rabbitry. Haslett & Bew, 1222
Grand St., Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
CMOICE alfalfa for BeUrian hares. 20 Golden
Cot* «v#.
A WEKK'S newn for S oents— The Weekly Call.
if nace«. '.n wrarnvr. for msillne. ti per vesr.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exebange.
RAMBLER tandem, high bar, good condition,
new tires, for sale cheap. 121 Powell st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE home for children. 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month: large sunny yard; select
neighborhood: mother's care; kindergarten;
terir.B low. l! 04 Post. bet. Geary and Sutter.
CHILDREN to board in a nice respectable
family; very reasonable. 41 Julian aye., be-
tween Fourteenth ar.d Fifteenth. Mission and
Valencia sts.
ONk or 2 children to board: nice eunny yard;
good home: references. FIS Mission st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS bousht and exchanged.
Hn!w« Book Co.. 764 Mi«wlr>n rt..*ne»r Third.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
X3AKGAINS in ladles' and children's ahoei;
drurrmt-rs-' samples at manufacturer's cost.
J. KOHLHECKErt. 14j Fourth St.
DCSIKBSS CHANCES.
A-"5159; CORNER candy and ice cream parlor,
one block north of Market; Eplendid business.
Call R. «. WILKE, SO6 Market et.
A— $1800; BAKERY on leading business etreet;
Wif.tr. Addition; rent v'-o; 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; baking 2V: barrels per day; sick-
ness caifee of title. See K. G. WILKE. 306
Market st.
A— J-'^O; PARTNER wanted ln old established
and first -elaes paying corner saloon; retiring
partner to leave for Nome; a splendid offer.
Call K. G. WILKE. SO6 Market st.
A— sl2oo; CORNER saloon; established for many
years and doing a rushing business; rent
$42 £0: best location on Sansome at.; owner
clears above $lio per month. It. G. WILKE.
- SC6 Market et.
A— s7so; CORNER ealoon. with 11 club and la-
«Jiee* rooms; rent $40; piace established for
j-tare: very best location: first class; paying.
Call R. ii. WILKE. M 6 Market st.
A— s22oo: COIiNER grocery and bar on Hayes
et.; rent 125, lnclnding rooms; large etock of
liquors and groceries: a first-class, paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A-12000; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
living rooms: rent $50; S years' lease; the best
corner en Mission st.; place doing a good
paying cash business; full value in sight.
Call R. Q. WILKE. SO6 Market st.
A— $3»; CIGAR store; clearing $4 daily; splen-
did location: Market and East sts.; rent $12.
Call R. G. WILKE. SOC Market st.
X— S2SO— PARTNER in bUElness clearing $100 per
month to each; light work; short" hours: no
experience required. See Jones <_ Co., fc€s Mkt.
nCSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
LIST YOUR STORE
SALOON. CITY OR COUNTRY REAL
ESTATE OR BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
WITH ME
I CAN SELL IT FOR CASH
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
60 ROOM HOTEL
AND BAR.
Bargain. Price with DECKER. 1020 Market.
$750— SALOON on East St.: paying business;
rent $50. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$2750 — GROCERY and bar; paying business;
must sell. DECKER. ICCO Market tt.
$1500— Old established corner saloon; bargain;
going to Cape Nome cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN fc CO.. 777H Market et.
$300— CIGAR stand: good paying business. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 1 * Market st.
$100— PARTNER wanted; paying business. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^4 Market st.
$300-PARTNER wanted In good paying sa'.oon;
tteady man required. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777% Market et. _____________————.
$200— BAKERY with oven: bargain this day.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st.
FOR sale— An established manufacturing busi-
ness for the reproduction or restoration or
hair; rights and patents all clear: doing an
Al business and receiving orders from every
direction. BROCKELHURST & MEGLAD-
DERY, 753 Market st.
QUICK sales is our motto.
Should you want to buy, sell or exchange any
property or business, we are able to please
you In every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEGLADDERY. 759 Market st.
A— J4SOO— ON account of large and increasing
business, young man wants partner in dairy
produce business; controls flrst-class trade;
fine outside route; good horses and wagons;
full set of machinery; everything favorable
for rapid increase; must have help; clears
$300 per month; beat references; must be able
to keep plain accounts; act as cashier, look
after help, etc.; owner there 9 years. STEN-
BERG CO.. 935 Market Bt.
SALOON— Must be sold at once: this Is a snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A— s2s0 — PARTNER; moving and storage busi-
ncsss I.SO monthly. KREDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary.
$I^O— PARTNER wanted In business; $18 to $25
week each to start; no experience required;
trial given; a bargain. 9 Geary St.. room 2.
$200— HOME bakery for sale; low rent; a lady
can make a fine living here and Bave money
besides; a bargain. Apply 9 Geary St.. r. 2.
$400— PARTNER wanted in office commission
business clearing $100 to $125' monthly to each;
trial allowed until satisfied: chance of a life
time. Particulars at 26 Geary st.
BARBER shop— Well established; good, grow-
ing location; reasonable. 223 Fillmore st..
near Haight.
A— BUTTER, eggs, coffee and tea route. Apply
after 4 p. m., 165S Eleventh aye.. Sunset dis-
trlct.
BAKERY store, 1105 Howard St.; 4 rooms, with
large oven and tools to let low; location excel-
lent.
GOOD paying cigar store and laundry office;
$3l». Box 4574. C-ll office.
SHOE shop for sale; good location. 2007% Fill-
more st.
SALOON at 4 Washington st.; cheap rent;
owner going away.
COUNTRY general store for sale — Complete
etock, horse and wagon, etc.; well-built fur-
nlFhed house, modern conveniences; large
grounds, barn, stables and chicken-houses;
about 200 head choice poultry, cow; well-pay-
ing business; no opposition; beautiful climate
and surroundings; price $4500 cash; house,
etc., cost more; owner has important interests
north. C. WILLMOTT. 916 Market St., S. F.
FOR sale cheap — Complete briekmaklng plant;
gaFOline engine; Quaker machine; capacity
25,000; located on Donahue road: convenient
for shipping. Address KIDENHOUR BRICK
• CO.. Hilton, Sonoma County. Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
nished rooms, all rented; near car houses and
transfers; rent $35; going to Cape Nome.
1915 Central aye.
CLAIRVOYANT of ten years' experience
wishes a manager, lady or gentleman, with
means, to go to Cape Nome. 126 O'Farrell st.
$175— CHICKEN ranch; 200 laying hens; all Im-
provements, fruit; rent $5 mo.; bargain. Dl-
rnond, Fruitvale, Alameda Co., Isaac's ranch.
FOR sale— 2 good milk routes and dairy store;
2 fine wagons; 3 head of horses; business
speaks for itself. Box 4655. Call.
$2000— FOR sale; a fine corner drugstore; owner
has two places; place is making big money.
Address box 301S, Call office.
BUTTER, eggs,' milk and delicacies; fine fix-
tures; paying business. 115 Sixth st.
AN oil man of experience Is open tor engage-
ment. Box 4G98, Call ofilce.
FOR SALE cheap— Delicacy store with living
rooms. 615 McAllister st.
BRANCH bakery, notions and candy; no agents.
213* i Fourteenth st.
BARGAIN— Good paying dairy; 17 cows, 3
horses, route, etc.: only $1100: must sell im-
mediately. Lock box 127, Fruitvale P. O.
WELL-ESTABLISHED branch bakery, candy
and notion store cheap; reasons, going back
East. 916 Railroad aye. South.
$IROO— FOR sale; one of the best located res-
taurants in city; owner has two places; a
fortune to the right party. Ad. box 3017, Call.
$300— SALOON and cafe, with piano, fcr sale;
owner going away; rent $30; old established.
Box 3427. Call office.
PARTNER wanted In fruit and vegetable busi-
ness; small capital. Address 432 Cortland
avenue.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of edver-
tlsements and eubscrlptlons has be«n opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until S p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va.
lencia Bt.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2(3 -hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
necs. work &¦ driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
SELLING out, half cost. 100 sets harness, 200
wagons. 1140 Fol»om st. near Eighth.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. -Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Bth st.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel.^Maln 594. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLUn-S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVEDI
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant, •
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all ekin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has mads are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
¦without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
is kept t=acredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B. — Take S. F. broad-gauge terry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton, is located at 43
Sixth St.; spiritual labor readings dally from
9 r. m. to 7 p. m; circles every evening.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St.. r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Fri. eve., 10c;
read.. L. 25c. G. 60c. 1204 Fillmore. nr. Turk.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th: dr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MME. VERLEIN. life and card reader; busi-
ness advice 60c. 527% Poet st.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: sit. dally; consult, free:
meeting to-night; all Invited. 148 <ith. rm. 1.
MRS. J. J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: fitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIKVOYANTS.
mlSTßrTclark r """""'""
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all - affairs of life;
while entranced she reveals every hidden mys-
etery; sbe will show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family, troubles; restore
lest affections; unite the separated: recover
lost or stolen property: locates minerals:
tells your entire life, while ln a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
. Send (tamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk ft, near Jones;
tours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m, dally.
lIORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
A RARE chance; Just forfeited; two 14-karat
solid gold, stemwlndlng American watches
for $25 each: cost originally *«5; guaranteed as
represented. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
GASOLINE engines; all sizes; second-hand^
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL BROS 1W
First st. -^
FOR SALE— Fine young milch cow and S3 fine
hens, to be seen half-past 5 evenings. 133 i
Sixteenth aye.. South San Francisco.
2 DIAMOND rtnss; cost $300; sacrificed if sold
5--» on ££,? r ¥?** *2T tlcke « Cape Nome. Box
27i)2, Call office, Oakland.
FRESH Jersey cow; rich milk; U to 15 quarts
dally; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.. Price. $_;.
O 3fi?ii 8e ?? n< L" h ! nd metal tnrn 'nB »athe, planer,
drill attached: also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
?™ m PU x m , P ' Eme , r y Sear; also pipe fittings;
lautomoblle nearly completed; 1 second-hand
227-lb peter JVri-ht anvil; one 7-horsepower
gas engine. 843 Howard st.
C A^!^ T^ nn n Prospectors ' m'nlng outfit for
Alaska; $100: see this or write for list of
articles. A. BRANDES. 707 Brush. Oakland!
L 2££», at " lls - F °r a-le: beautiful solid gold
watch. $4a; cost $100. it Fifth st.
1 ! 1 *" 1douol«1 douol « cylinder marine engine; raso-
llne. almost new. WHITE. 364 14th. Oakland.
»ells» eIls or rent 3 sear machintiy. en-
_ f^c n ¦ M^v^T^ EL^v^ e^^ ll p 6i6 ip ss P ciP a i t t . lag ' puMeya -
A^. s^»3 )EI \ BT * n(1 Fedora hats. $1 75. Po9-
oiar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
C v^« re ? isterB ; Bec °nd-hand. bought and sold;_f
National and Hallwood. 1309 Mission, nr. 9th.
dr " s - Tw^edo. other suits. Portland Loan
uince, 2o Stockton; phone Black 1201; posta-
MEDICATED BATHS.
$300 FORFEITED to sufferers from rheuma-
tism, eczema, dropsy or any blood or skin
disease which Anidrosis medicated baths will
not cure: call or send for booklet. DR.
CONANT. 47 Post st.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
In parber school. 741 Howard st.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 5C9 Kearny St.. room 2.
BOY 14 to IS: make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st.. room 35.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
" years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hoteh 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p.m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $..; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market St., bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $3: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market, ladies" special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office. $5; saf<»
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $3.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk «.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment.
VI- Vl— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market; every case guaranteed: $3 up.
DIJ. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private •homa
ln confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runn Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
THREE waiters, steady work; 15 mlllmen; 20
lumber pliers; 8 ranch hands. 626 I St.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
HELP WANTED — MALIQ.
A— MILKER country. $25 and found; irood
place. MISS CULLEN. 32S Butter nt.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 8543
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
3 laborers for a millionaire's place, fare SOc.
$1 75 day 20 men or strong boyn to dig small
trenches so water can run down between vlne«.
trees etc later to pick fruit and do anything
else the manager puts you to do, he will teach
you for a bank syndicate, $20 and found, yuur
wages will be increased as you 1earn..........
2 carpenters for ranches $26, $30 and foun.l
2 men to work around slaughter-houses. .s2o M
Portuguese milker, fare paid, boss here. s33 M
12 teamsters, city Jobs $30 and foun.l
6 haymakers.. s3o and fd. and $1 25 day and fd
8 blacksmiths and helpers, shops, ranches,
etc city and country ••••
etc.. cjiy •" gQ day . $45> |40> $30 found
carriage" trimmer. $90; band sawyer. $4 dayj
24 miners, single-hand w0rker5.... ......... .57a
14 laborers for mine, fare $1 50.... 545. $50 & fd
16 laborers for a silver mine.... $30 to $3o Afd
no experience required of laborers for mines;
6 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $30, $40,
$25 and found: come for private ;_
16 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb, pick
peas, etc., fare 30c $H 50 and found
69 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for all parts
of California $26. $25 $20 and found
20 milkers, different places.... s3o. $25 & found
gardeners, coachmen and choremen:
16 boys or men to do chores.... s2o. $15, $10 & fd
29 teamsters and laborers, city Jobs.. s3o & fd
26 laborers, fare 60c. you'll 5uit.. ......526 & fd
34 laborer" and teamsters for San Mateo and
Alameda counties ..$26. $27 50 and found
386 tiemakers and woodchoppers. $3, $2 60, $2.
$1 75, $1 50, $1. 70c cord, 12c and 13c each, some
69 scraper teamsters... s26 and found. $1 75 day
gang edgerman. carriage woodworker, $3 day;
355 Jobs not advertised; come see. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay et.
A— HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS....
32 cooks, city and country hotels, restaurants,
boarding-houses and ranches, $50, $40. $35, $30.
$20 and found; second cook, mining hotel. $23
and found: 10 waiters, different country
hotels, $25, $30 and found; second baker, help-
ers- 6 ranch cooks, $40, $30, $25 and found;
porters; bell and elevator boys; laundrymen;
55 other similar positions. Come see. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. :
A-SPECIAL SPECIAL
45 men, no experience required
:FARE PAID.
Wages $26, $30," $35 and $40 and found; you'll
suit, no Sunday work, steady Job. Come see.
_ MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A. NO experience required ¦on this Job
We pay your fare.
• 25 laborers for the mills, woods and yards
of a large company, $26 and found.
• MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— A flrst-class New England baker.
Apply at-Wheeland's bakery. 2232 Mission st.
BOYS, 14 years upward. Apply Glass Works,
Seventh I and Townsend sts.
WANTED— Coatmaker; steady Job for good
man. J. BRENDT, 1626 . Nineteenth St.,
Bakerefleld. Cal. v. •.-¦*. ,rV :
WANTED— Night clerk; must be good penman.
Dewey House, 32 East st. ¦ - - :
WANTED— Boy 14 to 16 years; one with some
. experience ln wallpaper business. SOS Sixth.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
THIRD. 533, cor. South Park— New flat; six
rooms and bath; all modem appliances; pleas-
ant outlook and abundance of sunshine.
THREE modem flats; 6 and 7 rooms: yard,
basement; rent moderate. 1931. 1930. 1937
O'Farrell st. '¦¦^-.-.' ' "¦¦'¦¦
SMALL flat; 11 Adelaide place, off Taylor, bet
Post and Geary; rent $11. 'J
IRONERS or girls to learn Ironing at St.
Nicholas Laundry, 17th and Folsom sts.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 609 Krarny St.. room 2.
WANTED— Experienced cap« operators. Apply
M EYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery st.
FEW young ladies to Join night KChool; low
rates. Ayres' Business CoUego. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and nubscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. tiOO Flllmora »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles* physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure in one
day; 13 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007% Market »t.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023% Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento St.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. m. to 12 m..
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission at., bet, lat and 2d sta.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.. or
630 X ft.. Sacramento. Cal.
APPRENTICES for tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st
CLARA. 166. near Fifth— Three rooms, $7 50;
two rooms. $4 50. '
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat in
city for the price; investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch: appreciated of seen.
CHOICE sunny flats, 4 and 6 rooms, bath; nice
location; Hanover place, off Sacramento St.,
above Powell; small families^
LOST — In Oakland Thursday evening. April 12,
lady's gold watch; Initials N. J. C. on cover.
Return to 1522 Harmon St.. Lortn: reward.
FOUND — Child's coat. Owner can have by pay-
Ing for ad. S4 Webster st.
FLATS TO LET.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market st. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
SHOEMAKERS— S2 a day and up for good man
or piece work. 756 Howard st.
BULL terrier, named Rex: badly undershot;
reward. License office. City Hall.
LOST— Sunday, ln Western Addition, piccolo
(small flute). Return to 1790 Ellis St.; lib-
eral reward.
LOST— Purse, containing $10 and valuable key.
on Market. Sixth or Mission; liberal reward.
LADIES' clothes ironer and mangle girls. 411
Sanchez St., National laundry.
HIGHEST wages p-ld to good sewing machine
operators on overalls. Apply at once to MR.
DAVIS, LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. factory 32%
Fremont st. <
BARBER wanted; must be AL 12 Fifth street.
YOUNG man wants situation on farm; under-
stands farming in every detail ; can furnish
references. Room 113, Winchester House, 41
Third st.
EXPERIENCED cook wants position as chef
in hotel or restaurant; first-class city refer-
ences. Address PETERSON, 615 Larkin Bt.
GARDENER, German, single, desires position;
experienced in all branches: references. Please
address R. 8.. box 4651. Call office.
EXPERT laundryman, wife good ironer, wish
situations to run a resort or small laundry In
the country. Box 4680, Call office.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— In Oakland. Sunday p. m.. April 13.
on Washington st.. between Thirteenth ana
Fourteenth pony, saddle and bridle. Finder
return to 1167 Twenty-third aye.. East Oak-
land; reward.
GIRL for cooking and assist housework; wage*.
$25. 2307 Broadway^ nr. Fillmore,
WANTED— Bright tidy boy; 12 or 14 years. Ap-
ply SMITHS' Cash Store, between 8 and 9
this morning.
STEADY barber wanted at 624 Shrader .street.
TAILORS on coats. 335 Bush st.
$B— HOUSE to let in rear of 225 Ninth st.
WANTED— A girl to wait on table and upstairs
MAN and wife would like to take care of bouse
during owner's absence. Address box 4690, Call.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
WANTED— Handy man about the place; short
distance in country: $15 month. Northeast
corner Market and Mason sts. ; basement.
A SOBER and steady waiter for lunch counter,
wages $30 per month and found to begin witn.
Address "Reception." Wadsworth. Nev.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside.
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st
LADY with little girl, 8 years old. would like
a place to work in small family: home more
than wages: good plain cook; city or oa_-
land. 372 Clementina st.
YOUNG girl for general housework: small fam-
ily. 2225 Pacific aye.
AMERICAN middle-aged Protestant desires po-
sition as housekeeper: references exchanged.
Call or address 1414 Turk st. ;
$57T>— ELEGANTLY furnished house. 9 rooms.
bath, laundry; nice yard; permanent roomers:
profitable Investment: 4 blocks from Market
st.: new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
GOOD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
Third-st. comer. near Market: 30 sunny
rooms: brick building: fine location. In^' r *
WM. HEN PRICK SON & CO.. 814 Call bldg.
WANTED-2 married laborers for country. 3
Burlelgh drill miners, $3 day: 2 single-hand
'miners. $2 60 day; 5 laborers to learn mining.
$2 day: 4 laborers for coal mine. $2 "day;
plumber. $30 and found: blacksmith, $W and
board: 3 carmakers. 30c hour: circula£saw-
yer, $4 day. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 623
YOUNG woman wishes situation as Y?r, klner
housekeeper; understands care of children.
Box 3456, Call office. ¦
SITUATION by middle-aged woman to do
housework ln small family; good references;
would care for invalid. Call at 153 Tehama.
flat 5; no postals answered; can, be seen for
2 days. .
GERMAN girl; general housework and plain
cooking; wages $20. 1022 Larkin st._
WANTED— Good ranch cook. $40: broiler. $oo;
fry cook. $50; second cook and baker. *U:
baker. $12: butcher for restaurant. $40; ranch
cook, $20. $17; cook, city hotel, $35. $20: waiter.
$35, $30; second porter. $10 month and found,
small family hotel: dishwashers, vegetable
men and other hotel and restaurant help. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
FRUIT farmer and wife. $30: farmers. $20. $25
and $35; 5 milkers. $23; shee»herder. $30 and
found: 50 laborers for mill ar.d woods. $Zb
and found, fare advanced: 20 woodchoppers.
$128 to $2 cord; stableman for ranch, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628
K. H. WINSTON & CO
" "" . 10C6 Market St
jo'll'o'rns" $500 22 rooms $7<V)
ior^oSs ..... $^0 « rooms 5«23
65 5g m 5:::::.".-«Koo co rooms $2000
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do housework
and plain cooking; sleep home and no Sunday
work. 245 Clementina st.
C. R. HANSON & C0......... Ph0ne, Grant ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Sacramento, $25; waitress. Pacific
Grove, $20. fare one way; waitress, St. Hel-
ena. $20; waitress, San Jose, restaurant. $25;
waitress, . mining town, $20. fare here; wait-
ress, depot hotel, $20; 3 chambermaids, $20,
$18, $15; woman cook, $50; bread and pastry
cook, country, $40; 2 nurses, $20, Institution;
cashier restaurant, see party here.
FAMILY ORDERS
Working housekeeper, country, see party
here at 10 to-day, $25; 3 second girls, city.
$20; cook. San Rafael, 2 ln family, $25; 2
house girls. Martinez, $20; second girl. $18;
nurse girl, $15, Alameda (same family); house
girl, Mill Valley, $25; house girl. Glen Ellen.
$25. C. R. HANSON & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 BATH women for springs, $23 and found.
C.R. HANSON &. CO.. 104 Geary.
GENTLEMAN with 3 children. 10, 12, 14, wants
housekeeper; wages $15 and good home; ref-
erence must accompany application. ALBERT
TAYLOR, city.
FOR general housework, young active woman,
not to exceed 30 years, who can sleep at
home If not satisfied with accommodations
offered. Apply 620 Sutter st.
A— 44-ROOM comer: electric elevator $3900
30 rooms; restaurant and bar; in Stockton 750
30- room, corner; 2 entrances; half cash 2200
8-room flat; new: elegant 550
IS rooms; on one floor; near Call ofSce.... &o
37 rooms: on Howard St.; only J3fiO cash.. 400
25 rooms: on Market St.; worth Jl2OO B<X>
10 rooms: on Mason st.; payments to
SO rooms; on Kearny st. ; grand bargain.. 2COO
26 rooms; en Market st. ; payments isqq
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bils.
' * Lodging houses, all parts of city.
4 of 7r. • 8 of 9 r. : 8 of 10 r. ; 7 of 12 r. ;
Bofl4 r. 6of IS r.: 7of 21 r. : Sof 2S r.;
4of 32 r. ; 8 of 26 r. : 4of 40*-. : 3 of 50 r. ;
And many more. Please call for particulars.
18-ROOM house near the Call office; fine payln?
house; clears $ICO per month; price $C5O.
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
HELP "WANTED— MALB,
AT C. R. HANSEN-& C 0.'5....104 GEARY ST
Wanted for the Coast »«-<»..._..»•£s *l day
stonemasons •» » tog £
masons' helpers $- t0 ?- day
rock laborers jj" _ ay
teamsters £ fare
20 laborers for sawmills and woods, if*™
board, fares advanced, see boss here; lj> mm
ere, $2 50 a day: 4 blacksmiths, country. $43.
$40 and $35; 6 milkers, country, $25 and *-v.
coachman 'and gardener. $30; gardener for
summer resort. $23; carriage painter, country.
$2 50 a day
Hotel Department
second cook. $75; second cook, mountain resort.
$60; second cook, country hotel. $60: baker,
country shop. $oO; second baker, mine board-
ing-house. $30; 6 bakers' helpers, city and
country.* $20. $25 and $30. C. R. HANbEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st. ;
JAPANESE cook, country. $30; 2 Japanese
cooks for saloon, country, $7 a week. C. a.
HANSEN & CO.. 1M Geary st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG woman wants position as cook or
working housekeeper. Call 12 to 2 or 6 to 8,
Tuesday, 28 Eighth st. MISS HASKELL.
YOUNG woman wants work for general house-
work; plain cooking; 4 years last place; city
reference. Call or address 705 California st.
GERMAN woman wishes to work by the day
washing, ironing or housecleanlng; is a good
laundress. 731 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper; En-
glish, French and German style: first-class
pastry; best hotel references. 242 Natoma St..
basement.
NEAT girl or woman, housework, small fam-
ily; Richmond district; $15; no washing.
. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
30 Girls: general housework; at once; $20 to $30.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 MARKET.
8 NURSE girls, at once, goo^l wages. BUSI-
NESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 527 MARKET ST.
6 GIRLS: second work: $20. BUSINESS WO-
MAN'S CLUB. 927 MARKET ST. • -
A— 3 ! MILLINERS; head millner; ; 2 seconds.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 MARKET.
A HOUSEKEEPER, with , hotel experience;-
must be reliable and have a small amount of
capital; handle your own money. BUSINESS
WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 MARKET ST.
WANTED— Cook. 2 in' family, $30; 3 German
cooks, $30; cook, $35, short distance: - second
girl and seamstress. $25; 4 second girls,- $20,
city and short distance ; 3 hotel cooks, $30;
parlor maid and waitress, $25; 6 lroners, $9
a week, $25 and $30. city and country; govern-
ess, country; 12 hotel waitresses, $20, city and
• country; chambermaid and \ waitresses, $20; 2
lunch waitresses, $7: restaurant waitress. $6
and $7 a week, $25; mother and daughter, $30-
$25; housegirls, $20-$25, city and j country. J.
F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter st. ; ; '
COOK and second girl,' same house; see party
here 1 o'clock; $30 and' s2s: American family.
Two second girls. $25 and $20: 4 cooks, $30 and
$25; chambermaid and seamstress, $21; nurse
girl, one child 7 years old, $20: i two nurse
— girls, $20 ' and $15; two ranch cooks, $30 and
4 middle-aged women for country, $25
and $30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter. -
WOMAN or girl to do general housework. Ap-
ply . after 9 a.; m.; 1016 Market at. '¦: , -
A FEW girls, salary 60c a day. THE COFFA-
RIN CO., 27 Main »t. > " ?
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
WANTED— A your.g man or young woman
with experience In selling crockery and
household utensils; for Sacramento. Apply 623
Market St.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
L ELDERLY man. handy with woodworkers'
I tools; steady work. Address box 4653. Call.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires dlx to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution in the~ world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63>
Clay st.
WANTED— A first-class Portuguese singer.
PETER BACIGALUPI. Edison Phonograph
Agency. 933 Market st.
GOOD position out of the city for a bright
I woman about 30. Box 4692. Call office.
JESSIE 1324. off Hermann— s9; flat of 3 rooms;
nun all day. Apply at UMBSEN'S.
JULIAN AYE.. 19, off Fourteeenth— Sunny flat
of 4 rooms and bath; rent cheap, i
LIGHT and sunny flats. 145 Tehama St., off
Fourth; 3 rooms; rent reduced. sv .r'r- Uj r ¦
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class: Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslnc taught in 4
weeks. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
FEW steps from City Hall; elegant flat; 6
rooms; bath. 10 Grove Bt. -^
BRIGHT young man for grocery and saloon.
2603 Mission st.
A BRANCH office for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
BARBER wanted; steady young man; good
shaver. 6_3 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— A young man or young woman
with experience ln selling crockery and
household utensils; for Sacramento. Apply 623
Market st., from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Experienced tailors on coats; steady
work; good pay. 119 Russ st.
LOST— On 17th s>t.. bet. Howard and Folsom.
lady's gold watch, engraved "B. W." Return
to 1424 San Bruno aye. and receive reward.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 520 Kearny St..
« first floor, room _,
[IGHEST wages paid to good sewing machine
operators on overalls. Apply at once to MR.
DAVIS, care LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32%
WANTED— Young lady to travel in good paying
business; no triflers need apply. Call Monday
and Tuesday, 34 Kearny St., rooms 15 and 16.
GARDENER wanted. Call 1211 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for bakery.
1410 Polk st.
LOST— Pin; sunburst diamond center: between
Sausalito Yacht Club. Saturday, and city.
Return to 213 Devisadero St.. receive reward.
LOST— On Valencia, via Park, black gold pin
portrait on back; reward. Call 10>?6 Valencia
GOLD chain bracelet: vicinity Turk and Maj_
ket sts. ; liberal reward. 429 Turk st^ _p
BROWN pointer dog; finder return to 2300 Fill-
more st. and get reward of $10.
TAILORESS wanted at 1426 Polk st.
BRIGHT boy ln merchant tailor store. Call
early. 635 Kearny st.
LOST— One Jack, from First and Folsom sts. to
Main-st. wharf; reward. Itetura Fulton Iron
Works.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats
steady work. 744 Folsom st.
BUSIIELMAN and presser at the California
Clothing Renovatory. 116 Geary st.
APPRENTICE boy wanted to learn coatmaklng
at 200% Turk Bt.
BOY wanted; Union Square Market, stalls 1
and 3.
A FIRST-CLASS waiter. Apply this morning
at 120 Sixth.
GERMAN lady or girl for a month to do light
work: mind two children; $20. 517 Montgom-
ery st.
WANTED— Experienced plumber's helper. Ap-
ply 60S Larkln St.. 7 a. m.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married and steady
man; wants situation on a private place; un-
derstands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows; can run gasoline engine; handy with
tools; best references: letters. EMIL, Gar-
dener, box 3472, Call office.
GOOD tailor wanted on custom coats; steady
Job. 22% Geary St.. room 44.
WANTED— Two young girls as salesladies ln
millinery. 1323 Stockton st.
LOST— Sunday night, on Folsom st., bet.
Third and Sixth, silver Scotch terrier: name
"Patsy." Five dollars reward at 122%
Turk st.
WANTED— A first-class coatmaker as bushel-
man; no other need apply. Room 121 Phelan
building.
WANTED— Waiter and dishwasher. 607 Clay
street.
WANTED— Strong, active boy to learn paint-
er's trade. 1612 Devlsadero st.
GIRL for "general housework: two ln family;
no washing; wages, $15. Call 9 to 1. 2722 Sac-
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— To rent, building of 50 to 75 rooms;
prefer Sutter st.. or must be rear Sutter; not
much beyond Van Nes9 aye. Box 4573. Call.
GERMAN desires position as driver of milk or
baker wagon. Please address box 3457. Call.
WANTED— Finishers on pants; good wages,
steady work. 864% Howard, upstairs.
GOOD finisher on custom coats; steady position
whole year round. 22V4 Geary, room 44.
BRIGHT boy anxious to learn trade. Apply
Carson Glove Co.. 25 Market st.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between Bu-
chanan and Webster; 11 room» and servants
room: 7 bedrooms; sun in every room: every-
thing ln perfect order: stable on rear street;
will rent for 6 months or a term of years.
J. H. GILMORE. 523 Montgomery st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
BARBER wanted. 656 Fourth st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A STRONG, reliable young man wants work of
any kind In Cape Nome; Al references. Box
WANTED— An experienced waist hand at 1261
O'Farrell st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions baa been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p, m.
FIRST-CLASS finishers who can operate on
custom coats. 915% Sutter st.
WANTED— Steady, sober man for light work;
8 hours per day; will pay $16 per week to
right party; small capital required. Apply
1016 Market st.. room 10.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near >lar-
ket; 200 rooms: 250 to $1 60 night: $180 to *S
week, convenient and respectable; iree ou»
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and ." übB £'' 11 1 Iptlon1 ptlon . t
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market s_
2041 Howard. 9 r..s=7 50121U Hyda. 11 r...527 50
1357 Howard. « r. 25 OOiSSfi Lyon. 8 r 27 50
LARGE house- for 1 or 2 families: rent. 130.
307 Fulton. Key at 820*^ Jeaaie. off Ninth st.
LEAVENWORTH. 50«. near O'Farrell— A 2-
story house; 8 rooms, alcove and bath: rent
reduced: key at fruit store. Apply to C. S.
CAPP & CO.. Real Estate Agents. S3O Market.
O rent — For the summer; complete furnished
house 'of 7 rooms, bath, ftne garden. pur»
spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; 3
miles from St. Helena; _ mile from station.
For particulars addresa HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Cal. : also cotta**
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by day; make a
suit in one day. 1532 Polk Bt.
OPERATORS wanted on the automatic ma-
chine. 723 Market st.. room 35.
OPERATORS wanted on ladies' underwear. 723
HOUSES TO LET.
WANTED— German woman for general house-
work. 2176 Fifteenth st. '
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
304 Stelner st.. near Haight.
COMPETENT woman wants work of any kind
by the day. Write or call on MRS. NEW-
MAN, 719% Howard St., upstairs^
A YOUNG girl for care of child 4 years; must
sleep home. Call at 324 Haight St.. between
APPRENTICE girl on coats; will pay for be-
ginners. 119 Russ st.
WANTED— Good finisher and skirt maker:
good pay for the right lady. 2107 Flllmore.
WANTED— First-class finisher who under-
stands good buttonhole making; steady work.
669 A Minna st.
PARTY wishing to sell lodsrlng-house see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st. : new cash buyer dally.
qvip. 5175" 13 rooms, alt rented: good loea-
tlon;c-u& of selling, sickness. Baslle, 3 Eddy.
$273-HOUSE of 9 nicely furnished rooms;
rooms all rented; good location; rent t»SO,
Pacific Exchange. 1016 Market st.
6-ROOM lodjrins-house; price $:0; rent $14; wa-
ter free. 739 Natoma st. between Bth and 9-n.
WANTED by a capable woman, work for part
of day; housework or taking care of children.
MRS. BONSON, 44 Juniper st.
AN errand boy who lives with parents and
knows the city for our office. C R. « ARI-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fl"er;
sews 60 cents a day; less by the week. M. v,
box 4668, Call office.
YOUNG German girl wishes to care for 1 or 2
children over 2 years* 469 A Minna st.
GERMAN woman wants a few steady places;
washing; $1 day and car fare. Address box
D. Call branch, 300 Hayea st. .
26-ROOM house on Market st.: clears $100;
price $700. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher to work Inside. ROSEN-
BLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103 Market st.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for elr-
. cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on silk waists
and suits. A, CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats. 40 El-
lis St.. room 52.
GIRL wanted to run a power sewing machine,
Awning Works, 1139 Mission at.
DRESSMAKERS— First-class skirtmakers want-
ed. BOWHAY, 616 Sutter st. *
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of the world. HERMAN S, 23
Steuart at.
WANTED— Experienced pants cutter. Room
38. Phelan building.
WANTED — Girl to do chamber work and wait
at table. Call at 818 Eddy st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* v_-
lencla st. - . :
NEAT young girl to assist ln general house-
work; plain cooking. 2215 Bush st.
GIRC for general housework; small family,
2405 Webster.
GOOD tailors wanted. 1252 Folsom street.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
position; country preferred. Address box 4a9J.
Call office.
GIRLS WANTED r _ „_
To work on ehirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont St.; elevator.
HOUSE painter at 667 Minna st. wants job by
the day.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
OPERATORS on eleotrlc power sewing ma-
chines on shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIL
& MICHELS. 631 Mission St.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 233 First St.
FINISHERS and basters on coata. 117 Rusa
• street.
| FLATC TO LET FURNISHED.
FURNITURE pf 6 rooms for sale at a bargain;
In use only a few months. Call at 1794 Ellis.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale cheap; 8 rooms and
bath; sunny flat; downtown; 3 steady room-
ers; must Bell; payments. Inquire 299 Hyde.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $4? 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT furniture of 5 rooms, for sale
cheap. Apply 341 McAllister Bt '
FURNITURE WANTED.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for some high
grade furniture and carpets. 14 Fifth st.
CH AS. LEVY " buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market gt. : telephone Jessie 76L
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pay«
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furnltur^ carpets.. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
WANTED— Low roll-top desk in good condl-
• tlon. < Address box 3467. Call office.
.' HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
4 COOKS, $25 to $35 each, MISS CULLEN. 825
Sutter st. :
10SINGLE room or suite for 2 gentlemen or «ren-
tleman and wife. Box 2753, Call. Oakland.
f "Sk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L M5^M iYir* HKAn.NI .ST. Established
§T' J f&i?\ In IS3 » for the treatment of Private
It'LUW &Zi I'lseaa**. Lo«t Jlanhnod Debility or
sS*^®» dl.ieas» ""earing on bodyand mind and
JJatjSs'^^ra Slcin Dlseasfs. 'I andoctorcuresn'heii
Try him. Charter low
l'nre«en»rnn (red. Callorwrltn,
Or. J. A*. UiBEOX. Box lU37. a*fl *m>**cA
ELLIS. 736— Nicely furnished rooms; single and
en suite; running water, bath; board optional.
GEARY. 405* (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms: suites or single; travelers accom.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
AOUnf TAmAt-r'til-i SCtNIC fcfULWA*
l_cava faaa •r&nci*co via snuaaUto eerry.
Week Days t:3O a. m. and 1:43 9. nx.
Sundays 1:00. 10:00 a. m. aa«l !:*» p. ox.
BtMun-htattd. elo«eJ ear 00 ail traina.
Far*— tea JYaaclico to Summit aod R«tuxa.
urn.
¦WILL J L. EDMUNDSON (printer) send hl»
addTefcS to GEO. £>. FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
LFDEItER'B Quintonlca hair tonic really beau-
tine* the hair. Sic bottle: Lederer's Foamo
Hhampoo le package; it's great. 123 Stockton.
EYE specialist of larce experience will in-
struct In refraction, cphthaiiru-mcopy. retinoa-
copy. etc Box 4C67. Cal ofr.ee.
A NEW place to have your hair dressed etyllsh-
;>•• special this week. 20c;- shampooing, 20c;
switches made frcm your own hair. 75c; open
evenings; Eundays. from 8 a. m. to 12. SK7
Market »t-. corner Sixth; parlors 112-113.
MIES SHELDON, chiropodist and bufiness ad-
vice. VA Market St.. second floor, room 37.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; M
years' experi-mce. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
LFDERER restore* gray hair to its natural
color for SI «0 to $5; uses Seheffle.r'« Colorine.
75c box: the very latest hair etyles only 2ic
IZZ Stockton et. ' : - - ¦:
WANT THE CONVENTION.
San Jose Delegates to League of Be-
publican Clubs Active..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 16.— A largo delegation
of Republicans from Santa Clara County
will attend ¦ the State convention of Re
publican clubs at Los Angeles on April
26 and 27. A fight will be made to secure
the convention for San Jose In 1902. In
189S at San Francisco the San Jose delega
tion supported the Los Angeles delegation
in lta efTorts to get the present conven
tion, with the understanding that San
Jose should have the next convention.
Comes to Inspect Cutters.
"WASHINGTON, April 16.— Captain C. F.
Shoemaker, chief of the revenue cutter
service, leaves here to-morrow for a trip
to the Pacific Coast for the purpose,
among other things, of inspecting the re
pairs now being made on one or more of
the cutters before their departure forßer
ing Sea. He will be absent about a month.
BAXLBOAD TBAVEI*
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sattsalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. ISM.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL ViI.T.ISX
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-'7:M. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.l *l:4*.
1:40. 6:15. 8:00. «:K> v. ro.
EXTRA TRIPS-rFor Mill Vall«y and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 o. m. ¦
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. n0:00, 11:99 a. m.; lO\
»:15. 5:45. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentla.
FROM B AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:15. •«:». 7:43. »9:40 a. a.J
nt:JO, 2:15. *8:40. »5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP 9 on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :«>: -S:00. 10:00. 11.4S *, m.j
n:4O. *S:l5. 4:45. •*:*> p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quantla.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WBEK DAYS-6:45. «:45. 7:56. *:45 a. nt]
11-S3 2:35. 5:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays ao4
Saturdays at 7:CO and 10:N d. m.
BUNDAYS-«:06. lt:C6 ;a, m.: 11:01. IJJ, tita,
1:00 <:4t p. m.
•' ' THROUGH TRAINS. -
f.-00 a. ra. week days— Cazadero and way statlona.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalt* and way station*.
l; 00 a. m. Evndwt—Tonmlmi Afifl 111 ittUaa*
MME Ne«xa*rd. Pres. Bt. Germain Coller* of
Palmistry: reads 1 to »¦ tit Geary, nr. Jones.
GO to Watson; "only" natural palmist and oc-
cult medium: readings 25c. ISSI MarUet tt.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and Lufnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Blxth-Rooms
25c to Jl per night; Jl 25 to J5 per week, and
lltht housekeeping; open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOIJsE." !24 Bush Bt. ad-
jclnins the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BURNETT. 1426 Market at. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
p'.shed rir.s.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 705 (St. Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Oata
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rmt. & offices.
DEVISADERO, 1305— Pleasant room with hot
and cold water; use of bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office,- 22C0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* h&a been established at 1086 Va-
lencia *t.
VALENCIA, SS3. near Twenty-first— Large ele-
Kant store; rear rooms; large basement.
.PENTE3I chop to let
EOVTH PARK. I*4— One or two front sunny
rooms; nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TEH A MA, 4TS, near Sixth— lls; 4 sunny fur-
nifchod rooms and kitchen; complete.
A BARGAIN— Steinway. 1123: «tore open Sat.
evening-. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Kills st.
FINE iarg* upright piano ecld fcr storage: Vn
cash. WILSON 1 S STORAGE. 1710 Market ft.
g-fi VERY good uprisjht piar.o; cost $310; for
(¦a> on tS "installments. 1115 Pott «t.
HOWARD. 761V4— Nicely furnished sunny suite;
<>thers; man and wife; kitchen; reasonable.
BUY one of cur beautiful Oiyrnpia relf-playlr.s
tnueic box" on ln*tal!ra<Tit£ i' you can't spare
tfce »ath. KACVAXB. N* Market et.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Etorag-e and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main E713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlnc Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES;
RENTED, repulred, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth et.
3VIARBIED.
SCmVANDT— HETTENHAUSEN— In this city,
April 11, 1900. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, John
Bchwandt and Lilly Hettenhausen. .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES — DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
VAN NESS AYE., 944 (The Wallace)— Flrat-
claps appointments, furnished or unfurnished,
if desired: table supplied with the b*>st tha
market affords; cannot be surpassed: $20: spe-
cial Inducements to students and couples.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy; changed
hand*; thoroughly renovated; elegnnt rooms.
LAS PALMAR. 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 8
rms.; private; bath; sin: rms. : board optional.
BROAIVWAY. north riJc, Pacific Heights: ma-
rine- pun: perfect location ; CO feet fir less
than fSOOO. THE McCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
SACRIFICE — New S-room. S-?tory house; lot
M: 9x100; with chicken house. <?tc. ; KUitable
for flets; murt be Fold; make an offer; $2000
or less. PHADI-URNE, 616 Sacramento sL
MONEY totsed salaried people without secnrlty,
HII-L. rm. «. Merchants' Exchcc. 431 Calif.
IG.-lOA "earn Vlow, South H«n Kranei«co.. t«><:iiip
*7:O<*4 San Jos* km<l Way BtHili>im (Ne»
Alma.lr.i VV«.li,««.l»y».mlj> *li3or
JTiaO* Sunday Excursion f r £an Joml
Santa Crux, Pacific Gruis and
Principal Way Stations J*:33»
•01004 Hhii J<m». Tim Vtuua. S«nU < Ifi«,1 fi«,
l'« •Hie Uroto. I'aao Kohics. Sail
I, mm OMna Hurf. Lmopoc ami
l*rlncl|'»l Way Station* M:1«F
•Kiiln* San Jun »¦>•) Way Sutioua. •«;:;'.%
•I!:.1»a Miti>Jira,LoiGatoa»ml\VayHUUoi>a *3>:iop
t'J:43rSan Mat»>, lUuvtcxhl. Me»io Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Man •><¦•«.
Trea Pinos. tt»»tit Out* Salinas,
Montorryai.il Pacific Uri.le tl«:S«*
fXiSOr Han Jose aiif) Way .Statlim* *?:.I*»p
tl:l,1r San Joseaixl Principal Way .Statlnm «'J: I-V«
f3:OOrSan Jose. Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Station* ?0:O<»»
•4tS«f Sail Joie ami Prfneinal Way Stations t*::f**
•B::iOf San Jca- dii.l Way rftatiiina ?*:•••»*
611: iSf San J<w«»iii< Way Statimn »~:3l>p
A lor Morning. I* for Afternoon
'Daily. t .luu.laT •ti-rvrrd. I Sunday unly.
6 Saturday only,
a Saturday and Sunday, c Sunday and Monday.
LKCMi "Advertisements.
IILAL ESTATE — CITV — FOU SALE.
STOCKTON, 12 (over Pup Rotlsserie) — Nicely
furnished roqms from $12 to $30.
PHYSICIANS AJCD SURGEONS.
DR C cT^O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
in?lU Market st.. bet. Fixth and Seventh.
mum;» ro low.
ANY preposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
tecend mortgages, e^tajes in probate, interest
in eiitaKf!. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortcages; confidential: edvice free. G E.
01-SEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bl<Jg.
ANY amount at fi per cent; Ist. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided ir.terest. real estate In pry-
bate; tnnrtsapes a"d legacies bought; no de-
lay: pet rr.y terras before doing business elee-
where. R. McCOLGAN. :4 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY rvsimctable private place to obtain
liberal advances «..n diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 546 Market
st.: tel. Main 1C«. Branch 1? Third .Et.
ON r*>=.! <«!jite, Ist or 2nd mortgagee, end on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKKR &CO , 20 Montgomery.
MOST reliable pare to borrow on diamPr.ds,
•ratcfaea. jewelry. W. J. unSTIIAL. 10 Sixth;
hiphest price for old geld, sliver, diamond*.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONTLLI. Conservatory bide, 130 Powell st.
IZt Kesrny rt.. room P. respectable private
jilace to borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
n:e£; take elevator. Tel. Davis 835.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
wrvire: money direct: lowest interest. Rocms
E> and C 9,' Donchoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 14 per cent: a!*o
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
122 E!I:s *t., room S4.
SAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor St.. near Markf t— An
up-to-date 'fireproof building; elevatorl new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
sea baths; suites and single rooms.
e '»r» I C?^' ? i cw ~J in ' 3 sp cond-hand. THE HER-
~2±^h.^L^J^L 00 - «?-423 Sacramento et.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
iar- proof cafe: cheap. 42 Main Ft.
AUTOMATIC pewing machine: oak woodwork;
Jatest attachments; cheap. I<S Sixth st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire aad burg-
, lar ' t:r g o{ 6af *- 2l« California st.
r r!£J£ m ''ii K \u eriE ''? <?s - **>»««; iron «nd wood
?pUBCt»; Uttw; gfl-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
kohtiikk* iM.«:iri«? cosn-AWT.
(PlCiriO BIKTKX.)
Trains ¦<•»««• it ml nr* <>»«• •« nrrln •«
fftAN nUNCIMVA)
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
liIGH-ARM Pinger sewing machine; good con-
g:tion; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission. nrT lTth.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Vnfarn,
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $lptr week; transient.
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. (
LEAHY— In the City and County Hospital,
April IG, 1900, John J. Leahy, a native of Ire-
land, aged 49 years.
MADDEN— In this city, April 16, 1900. Hanora,
relict of the late David Madden, and mother
of Jeremiah and J. W. Madden and -Mrs. Wil-
liam Cronan and the late D. H. Madden, a
native of Ireland. <Boeton, Mass., and Vic-
toria. B. C, papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 17 Baker street, thence to St. Acnes
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for **ie repose of her soul, at 5»:iU
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
MAIER-In this city. April 16. 1900. Christine
Maier. dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Henry
Hauser, Mrs. Paul Kolterjohn and Conrad,
Jacob, Henry and • Carl Maier, a native of
Baden, Germany, aged 73 years 8 months and
5 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 10S5 Capp street, between Twenty-
¦ fifth and Twenty-sixth, tbence to the United
Evangelical German Church. Twenty- fourth
street, between Treat avenue and Harrison
street, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
McCAULEY— In this city, April 14, 1900, Jennla
C McCauley, beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam A. McCauley. a native of Glasgow, Scot-
land, aged 61 years 4 months and 16 days.
gy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from her late residence, 207 Ma-
son strett. thence to St. John's Episcopal
Church, on Fifteenth street, near Valencia,
where services will be held, commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric car.
McGUIRE— A solemn requiem mass of month's
mind will be celebrated for" the repose of the
soul of the .late Margaret E. McGulre. at St.
John's Church (formerly old St. Mary's Col-
lege), Mission road, this day (Tuesday),
commencing at 9 o'clock. Friends are re-
spectfully Invited to attend.
MECKE— In this city. April 15, 1900. Anna 8.,
dearly beloved wife of Andreas Mecke, and
mother o< Anna, Andreas Jr. and Agnes
Mecke, a native of Koln am Rheln, Germany,
aged 44 years 10 months and 2S days.
KJ" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Druids'
Hall. 413 Sutter street, where services will b«
held under the auspices of the German La-
dies' Benevolent Society of the Red Cross.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1137 Mission street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
MILLER— In Oakland, April 16. 1900. Albert,
beloved husband of Mary Ann Miller, and
father of Mrs.* John B. Mhoon, Annie. H. M.
A., H. E-, C. O. G., H. H. and P. L. Miller.
a native of Pelne, Hanover, Germany, aged
72 years 2 months and 4 days.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MORRIS— In this city, April 15, 1900. Abra-
ham, beloved husband of Fannie Morris, and
father of Mrs. Belle Heiman. Mrs. Joseph
Heiman.'Mrs. laidor Franklin. Mrs. William
Osterman and Blanche. Samuel, Harry. Clar-
ence and Eii win Morris, a native of Kempen,
Prussia, aged 70 years.
(HTTriends and acQualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
("Wednesday), at 10:16 o'clock, from his late
residence, SO7 Ellis street. Interment Hills of
. Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
MURPHY— In Oakland. April 15. 1900, Daniel
D., beloved brother of William and Thomas
Murphy, a native of Knockatone, parish of
Rock Chapel, County Cork, Ireland, aged 24
years.
(CT Remains at the residence of his brother,
ElO Natoma street, between Sixth and Sev-
enth.
PETERSEN— In this city, April 14, 1900, Frank
M. Petersen, dearly beloved son of Wilhel-
mina Petersen and the late Nlcolal Petersen,
and brother of Ernest and Otto Petersen, and
grandson of Mrs. Wilhelmina Schussler. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 17 years 4 months
and 7 days.
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 1874 Folsom street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church, corner Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, for services, commen-
cing at 2:20 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows"
Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city. April 16, 1900. John,
beloved husband of Jenfee W.. and father of
Mrs. F. W. McCarty, Mrs. George A. Young,
Lionel, Stella, Fred C. Algie and Cyril Rus-
sell, a native of Scotland, aged 61 years.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
TROTMAN— In Presbyterian Hospital. Chicago,
G. J. Trotman, beloved husband of Florence
Trotman, and son of Mrs. E. Williams, and
brother of Edwin and Percy Trotman. a na-
tive of England, aged 26 years 3 months and
25 days.
ZIMMER— In this city, April 15, 1900. Otto Zlm-
mer, beloved father of Albert, Hilda and Ar-
thur Zlmmer, a native of Prussia. Germany
aged 52 years.
ICyFrlends and acQualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the-funeral this day
(Tufeaday), at 2 o'clock, from- the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maasa, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Intrment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PERMITS THE
NOME BEACH
TO BE MINED
Senate Adopts an Amend
ment to the Alaskan
Code Bill.
One Pro-vision Prevents the Granting
of Exclusive Concessions to
Persons or Corpora-
WASHINGTON, April 18.-During al
mo.st the entire session to-day the Sen
ate had under consideration the Alaskan
Civil Code bill. The amendment provid
ing for the mining of. gold along the
beach In the district was perfected after
a discussion lasting nearly four hours.
The amendment as finally agreed to and
incorporated in the bill is as follows:
That, subject only to general limitations as
may be' necessary to exempt navigation from
artificial obstructions. \ all lands and shoal
water below mean high tide on the shores,
bays and Inlets of Bering Sea, within tha
Jurisdiction of the United States shall be sub
ject to exploration for gold and other precious
metals by citizens of the United States and
persons who have legally, declared their in
tentions to become such, under such reasonable
rules and regulations as tha miners in organ
ized mining districts may have heretofore made
or may hcrealter make governing the tempo
rary possession thereof for exploration and
mining purposes until otherwise provided by
law.
Provided, further, that ths rales *nd regu
lations established by the miners shall not
be in conflict with the mining taws of tha
United States and all permits heretofore grant
ed authorizing any person or persons, corpora
tion or company to excavate or mine under
any of said waters are hereby revoked and
declared null and void; and the reservation of
a roadway sixty feet wide under the tenth
eectlon of the act of May 14, 1393. entitled "An
act extending the homestead laws and pro
viding for the right-of-way of railroads In
Alaska and for other purposes" shall not apply
to mineral lands or townsites.
The provision in the bill that no person
over 'so years of age shall be eligible to
appointment as United States District
Judge was stricken out.
Warren of Wyoming offered an amend
ment, which was agreed to, providing
that In case of the death, sickness or ab
sence of the Governor, the duties of tha
office shall be performed by the Surveyor
General, ex-offlcio Secretary of the dis
trict.
Delicate Subject Taken TJp.
The House Joint resolution In favor of a
constitutional amendment providing for
the election of United States Senators
by the people was laid before the Senate
to-day. As it was about to be referred
to the Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions, Butler of North Carolina asked
that it be read, and then addressed the
Senate briefly. He declared It was the
function of a committee of the Senate to
consider, not to smother legislation. He
thought this question had been so thor
oughly considered that it was not neces
say to send it to a .committee, and there
fore moved that it be placed on the cal
endar. Chandler, chairman of the Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections, said
that as Butler was disposed to make im
putations upon the committee, he desired
right now to inform him that he was mis
taken.
"I do not," he said with a snap, "quite
like to have the Senator attack the Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections in ad
vance of its action on the measure."
Hoar called attention to the gravity of
the proposition submitted, and urged that
the matter should not be considered by a
committee of the Senate. He did not ap
prove of the proposed amendment, hold
ing that its addition would give the
United States two legislative bodies, both
chosen by the people in popular elections,
the only difference being that the Sena
tors would have a larger constituency
than the Representatives.
Pettus of Alabama expressed his regret
that reflections had been made upon the
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The motion to place the resolution on
the calendar was withdrawn, and It was
referred to the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
Hale presented an additional urgent de
ficiency bill, and it was passed without
debate.
Aimed at Carter's Accomplices.
A bill providing for the removal to a
proper district for' trial of persona indict
ed in United States courts was also
passed.
This bill directly pertains to the cases
of the alleped accomplices of Captain
Oberlin M. Carter.
Davis cf Minnesota reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations the fol
lowing resolution, and it was adopted:
The Secretary of State is directed to send to
the Senate a copy of the memorial of Edward
Gottfried, a citizen" 1 " of 'Wilkesbarre, Pa., and
late a consular asent of the United States at
Trujillo, Peru,' sworn to March 21,- 1900, now on
file In the State Department, together with all
papers, letters and exhibits attached to said
memorial and also copies of all correspondence
of this Government and that of Peru and of
any opinions or decisions of the Department of
State In connection with the action of a party
of Peruvian revolutionists against the consti
tutional Government of Peru on and after Au
gust 23, IS9S, the memorialist at the time being
consular agent of the United States in Peru,
the ronir-doers perpetrating, it Is alleged,
depredations on his property and Injuries to
his person In violation of treaty rights.
a.N introduction, to you from H. Schellhaas, th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
IS ME ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from hex
wonderfully gifted bands, ltt* Howard st.
OAKUM) KURMTUUE FOR SAL~.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
MARKET, C 24 — 18 rooms, furnished; rent rea-
sonable; ah>o 4, * and t rooms.
BELLE— Oudry le not a lady; n« Is a photog-
in Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
•27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. - South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EHBALMEBS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Raiea.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission . st.— Select
family rooming house; tl 50 to $fl per week.
HARRISON. 754&. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished, eunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; tl week no.
HtNRVJ GALLAGHER C.,
<£ucccssors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUttKKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAUM&Ra.
(0 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
- . ?-., Telephone South SO. .
rCUSO.VALS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FAL.MJSTUV.
FOR rent— Elegant offices in T. M. C A.
t-ull<!lr.g. Ma*fn and KIU» *t*.
14 Turk st.
POWELL, 1401-2 or 3 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping, with gas and bath.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED,
Monday, Aortl 18.
Schr Gem, Nelson, 7V4 days from Grays Har
bor. - "»—!_ _ \
OCEAN STEAMERS,
GIBRALTAR— Arrived April 16— Stmr 'Etob
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
PORTLAND, Maine— Arrived April 16— Stmr
Tunlsan, from Liverpool. •
A WFKK'S news for 6 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 WrY in wrart^r. tnr mailing. » Per year
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor Boor; i to E rooms; housekpg. or otherwise.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and »«*¦»•
MULLKR, maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac«
OAK, 119—1 large front parlor; running water;
furnished for housekeeping; $9; others cheap.
1!<-ALLISTER. 1252— 3 furnished rooms for
hou»*-keeping. Call be<. 9 and 12 a. m.
MARTHA place. I, off Geary, near Taylor— 3
furnished rocms for housekeeping.
FINE Fischer * Etclnway upright: ei-riftced.
KEEFFEP. IPJS Van Ners aye.. nr. Gfar» *t.
fIfILIFORNIA 1 1MITED
Santa Fe Route
2 C HSC AGO
This Is ths quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Con-xecting Train Leaves San F r a.nciscoj
I P.H. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.fl In time to connect with all Halted
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Fraadscv at 5:30
F vpftpcc p. m. with Palace and Tourist
7T* n iv car 3 for Kansas Citjr, St. Louis,
U AIL Y Chicajo and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare DftAn
and Bakersfield- KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Fraacisco office. 623
'FDKrO Market Street, Phone Main
TKIdIU 3UUN 1531; OakUndf 1113 Broa-
dway; Sacramenro,2olJ Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
LEWIS. 18. off. Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
front housekeeping rooms; $13.
LEAVENWORTH. 22j— Sunny corner bay-win-
dow unfurnished; housekeeping; American
family: adults.
LARKIN. 326. cor. Golden Gate aye.— Elegantly
furnished housekeeping apartments; exclusive
use of kitchen.
TO LHASI2.
TO Lease— All or part of vacant property: 95x
1C0; on Mission st., near Fifteenth; will build
light structure. Owner, box 3109, Call.
HOWARD, 125 — Front room; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
BTEINWAY, (KM; installments $5 75 uo: rents
$2 up: open «v<*nings. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
BTEINWAY, 1100; Vose & Son's. $H7 E»; Install-
ments $¦*¦. 73 up; rents *2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis.
THE place to t>'jy a good s«-o>r.'J-hand piano;
$4:. up. S. F. Music Co.. r5 Putter st.
COnn Flsrher; gr^at bargain Pchmitz. 16 Mo-
A Ulster St.. next Hibernia li3.tik.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 1340 Market st.;
tel. South E35; packing, moving and storage.
ATLANTA JOURNAL SOLD.
Hoke Smith Retires From the Man
agement of the Paper.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 16.— Hon. Hoke
Smith to-day sold his interest in the At
lanta Journal to H. M. Atkinson. Morris
Brandon and J. R. Gray of Atlanta. The
minority stockholders also disposed of
their holdings. Mr. Smith realized three
for one on his stock and the money turned
over to him to-day for his fifty-three
shares was $159,000. The amount Involved
in the entire transaction Is $276,500.
George H. Dickinson, formerly of the
New York Herald, will be the publisher
under the new regime. H. H. Cabannis
has been asked to remain as business
manager and Joslah Carter as managing
editor,- and it is believed they will do so.
Mr. Atkinson Is president of the Georgia
Electric Light Company, the Southern
Banking and Trust Company, the LJgh
ton, Thomasville and Gulf Railroad and
the Union liumber Company.
IN AID OF LABOR.
Thurston's Bill to Limit the Meaning
of "Conspiracy."/.
¦WASHINGTON. Aj?r» 16.— Senator
Thurston to-day Introduced a bill to limit
the meaning of the word "conspiracy"
and also the use of restraining orders as
applied to disputes between employers and
employes, and especially those engaged in
interstate commerce. The bill provides
that no agreement, combination or con
tract with reference to any act in con
templation or furtherance of any trade
dispute shall be deemed criminal, and also
provides that those engaged in such acts
shall not be indictable for the crime of
conspiracy if such act committed by any
one person would not be so punishable. It
is also provided that no such act shall be
considered in restraint of trade.
FORCED sal« of an elegant Chase Bros, piano:
bf-autiful upright: see it before, purchasing;
tfUT w!l! take square, as partial payment;
balance cash or time. Riym 12 V\o<A bliig.
GEARY, 40S— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20.
GUERRERO, 1147— Bedroom and kitchen; fur-
nished for housekeeping; $10.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— s7; 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
ELLIS. 330—2 email sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, in rear; $3.
KNAUE pianos; n*w scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHAFE. 10 OFarrell st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2523— 2 or 8 sunny furnished
rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
erenr-es exchanged; private family.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third
ABSOLUTELY the old-st and largest hou»»
wett of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
J«. 2S and 30 OKarrell st. ; pianos, organs and
ell ether mueical instrument* of aM grade*
er<3 prices; terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible don* to please and satisfy the
DIEt).
Anderson, Samuel • Leahy, John J.
Barnlster, Frederick Madden, Hanora
Blundell. Joseph T. Maier. Chrißtlne
Brunner, Wilhelm McCauley, Jennie C.
Cooper. Selina M. McGulre Margaret E.
Day. James ' Mecke. Anna B.
Day. John W. Miller. Albert
Dutard. Hippollte Morris, Abraham
Ensinger. Carl H. Murphy. Daniel D.
Forey. Bridget Petersen. Frank M.
Frawley. Mrs. W. L- Russell, John
Glllett, Martin M. Trotman, G. J.
Hassenpflug. Fred'k Zlmmer, Otto
Lamey, Johri
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospital,
April, 16, 1900, Samuel Anderson, a native of
Connecticut, aged 81 years.
BARNISTER— In Berkeley, April 16, 1900, Fred-
erick Barnlster, a native of Stockholm, aged
66 years 11 months and 6 days.
BLUNDELL— In this city, April 15. 1900, Joseph
T Blundell, beloved brother of Edward, John
and James Blundell. Mrs. William Steams.
Mrs. J. S. Norris and Mrs. Fred Hayfield, a
native of New York, aged 62 years.
CTlnterment at Coloma, El Dorado County.
Cal . under the auspices of Acacia Lodge No.
92 F and A. M., and Placerville Post, O. A.
R. Remains at the parlors of Craig & Coch-
ran Co.
BRUNNER— In this city, April 16, 1900. Wil-
helm Brunner, beloved son of Anton and Erne-
lia Brunner, and brother of Victoria, Charles
and Bertha Brunner, a native of Chicago,
111., aged 8 years 11 months and 14 days.
COOPER— In this city, April 15. 1900, Selina
Mary, dearly beloved wife of William Cooper,
and mother of Selina, May, Lucy and Ella
Cooper, a native of England, aged C 2 years S
months and 5 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tueeday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 4307 Twenty-fourth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
DAY— In this 'city, April 16. 1900, James Day,
beloved husband of Fannie Day, and father of
James Day and Ada Johnson,- a native of
England, aged 69 years.
DAY— In this city,- April 15, 1900, John W.
Day beloved husband of Ray Day, and father
of William Day, a native of Virginia, aged
irjrFriends and „ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1. o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 338 Capp street. . Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
DUTARD— In this city, April 15, 1900, Hippo-
lite Dutard. a native of Chile, aged 67 years
8 months and 10 days.
ir?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2118 Pacific avenue. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
ENSINGER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal April 16, 1000, Carl H. Ensinger, a native
of Germany, aged 50 years.
FOREY— In this city, April 16, 1900, Bridget
Forey, a native of the parish of Keash, Coun-
ty Sligo, Ireland, aged 52 years.
CT'FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street between Third and Fourth, thence to
St Patrick's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Intrment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRAWLEY— Entered into eternal rest, in this
city April 15, 1900, Mrs. William L. Frawley.
beloved mother of Mrs. M. A. Whelan. Mrs.
D M Dunne of Portland, Or.. Mrs. E. J.
McNamara and Mrs. S. H. Gale of New York
City, a native- of Ireland.
GILLETT— In this city, April 16. 1900, Martin
M. Glllett. a native of Vermont, aged 84
e|Eyßemainse |EyRemains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion sU-eet, near Twenty-first.
HASSENPFLUG— In this city, April 16, 1900,
Frederick Hassenpflug, a native of Germany,
aged 74 years. .._
LAMEY— In this city, April 16, 1900, John, be-
loved son of James and Lizzie Lamer, and
brother of Mrs J. W . Hughes, P. V.,'T. 8.,
J. H.. T. J.. M. E.. L. J., W. V.. K. F., L.
¦ H H. M. and F. L. Lamey, a native of
County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 28 years.
ICT-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 933 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
A LARGE number cf pianos yet remain of th«
Hamilton-Bancroft stock; Steinway concert
grands Chickering, Halim & L'avis. Elling-
ton etc.; cquart-s, $23 up; uprights. »D 0 up;
bar.Joe. &0c up; guitars, $1 up: mandolins, 12
up Byron Mauzy l'iano Warerooms. 303-312
Port «t., cole agent Sotmer and Byron Mauiy
; «r. k
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake st. has received the
following orphan and hafl-orphan girls from
January 1 to March 31, 1900: Katharine A.
Benjamin, aged 1 year 6 months; Marion V.
Crane, aged 9 years; Mary Woodd, aged 10
years 6 months; Ella .M. Hunaker-Engler,
aged 9 years 5 months: Mabel Pozzl, aged 12
years; Ellse Poegl, aged 9 years 4 months;
Ethel Marion Gould, aged 6 years; Mabel
Benbow. a^ed 11 years; Lulu Rentschler,
egod 6 years S months.
A LIFT OF MONEY SAVERS.
fsrrj/ie* (rcm factory which ar» ont of our
regular line: such makes as Weber, Hardman.
Ccnover. Behr. Everett and Kingsbury; prices
frcm J!'9 to J2OC less than regular price. Aiso
f ellghtly used piano* from 1137 up; easy pay-
rnerts See us this week if you want a snap.
DENJ CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
A B Bates, Wash Miss Brennan, St Paul
X A Hicks-Beach, Lon T M Brennan. St Paul
F Richards, Minn / T C Marceau. N V
Dr J C Beck, Chgo G L«Cole, Los Ang
Mrs J C Beck, Chgo C B Smith. Pa
F F Sharpies*. MaderaiG L White, Conn
C Overholt, Plttsbur* ! Mrs G L White, Conn
Mrs B C Crawiord. cal , Miss White. Conn
J M Diver. Elmira C L Tutt, Colorado
J B Osborne. Georgia C W Tozer. Saeto
H B Wood. S Jose E M Grimes. Oakland
Mrs H B Wood, S Jose Mrs E M Grimes. Oak
J Twolahan, Cal B Fithian, S Barbara
E F Smith. Cal Mrs B Fithian. Cal
Mrs E F Smith, Cal G W Youns. Chgo
C E Calm. N V Mrs G W Young, Chgo
A Dalrymple, NY G S Mcßeynolds. Ch»«
W S Orattan. Buffalo Mrs G S Mcßeynolds.
Mrs W S Grattan, Buf Chicago .
E O Sklllman. N V Mrs N R Pierce. Chgo
A B Ward. U S N G L Young, Chgo
A McArthur. U S N A BCox. N V
Mrs E J Wramplemeler Miss Cox. N V
Berkeley | Mrs F P Hlxon. N T
Miss F II Bourns, De- E B Howard. Cal
trolt Mrs E B Howard, Cal
W E Bailey. Los Ang E C Shevlin. Minn
T Werner. N V Mrs R C Shevlin. Minn
W M Worcester. N V Mrs W J Morgan. Wls
T Flint Jr San Juan Mrs O A Finch. Wls
Mrs T Flint Jr. Cal E W Husted, it V-
Dr T Flint San Juan M Friend. London
C B Manvllle, Wis M A Mayer. N V
Mrs C B Manvllle. Wls B I Wheeler. Berkeley
E Strasburg, Los Ang Mrs B I Wheeler. Cal
E J Pierce. Chgo Dr R F Rooney. CsJ
Mrs T Brennan, St Pau
GRAND HOTEL.
G C Ropdlng Fresno F P Primmer Redding
W-Held. Sacramento H W Hughes & w. Cal
H B Rodgers. Cal D Campbell. Los Ang
B D IJlakeslee, Nome H Newell &w. S Lake
A N xrainor, Sulsun JN S Slnkey. Ohio
HM La Rue Sacto J N SSinkey. Ohio
C H Foole. Boston O H Chase, R Bluff
E Meybem. Chico W A Newton. Chicago
T Brinknell, Chico D M Sutherland & w,
J E Thompson, Sacto Los Angeles
J T Grace Sta Rosa J M Norton. Stanford
R A Woods. St Louis E Sciecle. N York
X Sanborg, Riverside H F Legg &w. Minn .
J F Hughes, Los Ang Mrs N T Blddle.S Jose
W B Scarborough, Cal W J Hugill & w, Macs
S Berang, Ferndale Mr Brooks & w.- Malnl
C Moltzen, Pt. Reyes W E Meservay. Nev
H T Jones, Bpokane S A Ransome, N H
L F J Wrinkle. Cal H A Hausers & w.
J E Pardee. Sacto Fortuna
W T Barryr Salinas G Lock & w, Sta Rosa
C B Leonard & w. Cal H O Oak. Seigler Spgs
Mrrs G Jessen. Cal E L Webber. Napa
T J Wilson. Los Ang A Grantz. Naoa
Miss A Dunlap. Chlcag T L Harlow. NY
W R Weston. Los Ang L H Wllcox. S Mateo
J G Hufford. Boston G H Smith, N Mcx
L King Perm J Thomas. St Helena
L D Jacks. Sta Rosa A Ehler & w. Chicago
Dr C C Ronnds. Cal G Locke, Chicaeo
Mrs W Merchant. Chic Mrs Dolear. S Rafael
Mrs B F Brown. Chic H A Bell. Sacto
* ' NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H D Harris &w. Mo F Elliott. Denver
J P Brown. San Jose J C Kinney, Olympla
H C Anderson, Mo n Ressegyre. N V
J B Ames. Tacoroa JSW de Join: 111
D Brod Tacoma J L Small. Cal
J H Bo'yd. Sacto C F Breddon. Chico
T. H Levy Fresno J D Curley. Sta Cruz
j J Rooney Black Pt H McMahon. Uklah
J Perse, N V J Lonsr. Modesto
R Baxter, Chicago
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES— Chichetter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
tend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies," In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa,
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG gentleman desires sunny room with
running water in refined private family, not
more than 12 minutes' walk from Call build-
ing: please state if with board and terms.
Address box 45?5, Call, office.
BORN.
CAMPBELL— In this city. April 11. 1900, to the
wife of S. K. Campbell, p daughter.
MAYER— In this city, April 14. 1900, to the wife
• of A. Mayer, a son.
SOMMERS— In this city. April 16. 1900, to the
wife of Andrew Sommers. a son.
TOBRINER— ApriI 15, 1900. to tha wife of Mel-
-vllle Tobriner. a daughter. """ "~ -"""
VANTRICHT— In this city, April 13, 1900, to
the wife of John Vantricht. a daughter.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady would like a large, sunny, un-
furnished room with board In a private fam-
ily. Box 4666, Call.
THE Esparto Colony farms in the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as thio
is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range in sixe from 10 to
40 acre* and now soM to Induce Immediate
action at low prices ani easy terms; home-
Feektrs will never regret securing one of these
hornet; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est in market; good society, schools (in-
cluding high school); macadamized roads; 2
railroad train* daily from San Francisco:
water for irrigation when desired: superior to
Southern California for raising all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently co pronounced by lead-
ing Fouthrrn California experts; these lands,
with the superior soils and all other advan-
tages named, will be sold at prices far below
thuee asked in localities hitherto considered
unapproachable In excellence; there 1* no more
independent life than the small diversified
farmer's; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally as much as $HK) per acre; you can leave
Fan Francisco on 8 a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Esparto, and back to Pafi Francisco
early the same evening; you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes. Esparto, to show you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
CALIFORNIA N3 n TfIWF<TERN RY. CO.
LiESSEB
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:SO. 6:10. 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays — Extra trijs at l:i>
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :G0. 9:30. 11:00 a, m. ; 1:30. 3:30.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:13.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trios at
1:15 and 6:33 D. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 8:40.
5:0o. 6:25 P. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
same schedule as above.
itKAL ESTATE — tuL.M'lli — For Sale
FOR sale — C4O acres of good timber land In Pis-
klyou Ctonnty, Cal. Address JOHN F. ELLI-
EON, Red Bluff. Cal.
TO Fa'.aricd men. without collateral or in^orser;
other propositions: private r-'omi. Pan Fran-
r'.r-n Discount Ar»nn-. 143 Phelan b'ijliing.
BROADWAY, between Jones and Leavenworth
— 2 flat?; lot pays $\i per cent. 172S Hyde St.,
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property i* mortgaged and you need
m re money fee H. MURPHY. C3O Market st.
HAVE you real eEtate In the Mission or Hom-
er's Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call en W. J. GHNN. F,SO California st.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated;
suites and single rms.; eunny: excellent table.
BUSH. 1105— Large, elegantly furnished front
room: suitable for two; billiards, piano.
ONE furnished room and board. Apply M Flor-
ida Bt. -
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
other ooUa-era!. I). MfRAE. 743 Mission St.
FRANKLIN. 603. corner Fulton— Nicely fur-
nished large front room; breakfast and din-
ner; gas: bath; reasonable.
BOARD, $3 per week; nice sunny rooms, from
$1 upward; newly furnished. Natlo Hotel,
3377 Twenty-sixth st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Jens P. Eorenson. 42. Haywards, and Marie
Petersen, 48, Haywardß.
Charles J. Quinn, 27, city, and Margie J.
Echreiber. 20. city.
Lucius I>avls. 22, 1537 Lombard street, and
Catherine Ccrrigan, 18, 1837 Lombard street.
Jack Sanderes. 33, 6 Pratt place, and Marie
Serviau. 33, 6 Pratt place.
Lewis H. Lamton, 3L city, and Julia Marsh,
12, city.
James Lucey, 27, San Pablo, and Margaret
McCue, 26, city.
George W.Wilson, 21, 160 Decatur street, and
Ray Morris, 18, 541 Seventh street.
Robert G. Hooker, 37, city, and Elliabeth L.
Shreve, 31, city.
Dave Todorofsky, 26, C23A Natoma street, and
Rose Levy, 21, 7 Cohen place.
Ira A. Russ, 36, Eureka, and Mary A. Bram-
ley, 26, city.
Oscar T. Walling, 32, 1035 Market street, and
Annie J. McMillan. 29. 73 Harriet street.
Mark Joseph, 2S, city, and Agnes L. P. Mor-
gan. 21. city.
COAST IMfISIOi <ltr«aiHlau«;<>).
(Third ..nd Townseml M*.)
COAST IM VISION CSarrnvr Uniti;*).
(Foot nt Market Street.)
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TURK, • 322— Front room, suitable for dress-
maker; also front room.
VERY sunny front room; Van Ness; partly fur-
nished; for. lady wishing opportunity for
French and music. Box 1206, Call office.
A 1L SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE KEARNY ST.
! <">«) 000 — Downtown corner; modern e-story brick
building; cost over J2OO,OiX); lot 140x136
ft ; rents $15, (/K) yearly.
?jO 000— Few blocks from Chronicle; pays 6 per
cent net: lot 51x120 ft.; 2 frontgages;
brick improvements.
»75 000— Corner; hall block from Market et.,
vicinity Hibernia Bank: 76 ft. front;
rare iin -estment: rents J3OO.
t6S BOO— Near Market and Ist sts. ; lot SSxS4 ft.;
4-story brick building; bank mortgage
t35,n00.
j4o,onO— Near Keprny St.; good brick improve-
ments; rents JJ.ICM) annually; 35 ft. front.
$28 000— Let e«:9xl^o ft.: vicinity McAllister and
Larkin sts.: rents 1210.
! J24.000— Flxth st.; 75 ft. frontag*; bay-window
building; rents $200.
$12,500— Rents $l! 0: marine view, 3 new flats.
IIXSOO^-Kiath s=t. ; 3S ft. front; 2 stores and
fiats; rents $1020 yearly.
$10,000— NE. cor. Fell and Masonic aye.; lot 2Sx
100 ft.: elegant residence, 10 rooms,
bath; all modern conveniences; space
for a stable; make offer.
; jsr)o(\_6 new fiats: rents JS4; lot 50x100 ft.
i 0 |7,000— 6 flats near Cth and Mission; rents $360
a year; lot 60x75.
15 500 — Pow;ll st.; 3 flats; rents $SS.
I $3 OoO— Pnuth Park: house and lot 21xl07:« ft.
j A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
' BARGAIN— For sale, fine sunny residence. 11
! rooms, bath, attic and basement; modern;
perfect order; grand view; large lot £0x114;
electric cats; might exchange in part for
smaller house, or good lot. Artdrffs D. J.
MrRI'HY. 508 California St., rooms SO and 31.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; single, ruites; trans't.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
EHIPLEY. 259—8 rooms, Jl2; 4 rooms, J7; house
new. See owner 1151 Guerrero st.
ALASKA fur rannent*. hoods, mitts,' leather
costs H. Bt. HFIXKMAN'. If* Sansnmt st.
LAPIES'aiH cents' cast-r.ff clothing bought and
•Old. FSlverraan. PM Frl«r>m: tel. Folsom II9L
MISCELLANBOLS \VA\'I S.
"WANTEI> — Use of piano for storage. Bqi 4C7L
Call office.
WANTEn-fecoM-hsrd urripht plan*) fcr
c*Fh. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market *t.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
IF vru wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing cp.H m H Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
ELECTRIC liehts In every room: Winchester
Hotel 4« Third «.. near Market:" 100 rooms;
JSe to JISO per niffht; !1M to JS per week;
free 'bus and bapcace to and from the ferry.
PROPOSALS.
AN elegant eutt for U0 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market at.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
?*S a , n . d second-hand slot machines bought
and fold. %y. c. BENTHAM. ISS2 Market ft.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
OCTAVIA. 102— Sunny furnished front rooms;
gas, bath, phone; suitable for gentlemen.
*i*j*"*! Standard Typewriter: latest model;
cheap. Tyi^wrltfr Exchange. 4-» California.
— I ROM APRIL 15. 1900. —
*7:«Oa Benida. Suiauu, Elmira, Vdcavillo,
Ramsey and Sacramento • *7543p
•7«00 a ShurU Express— DaTia, Willows.
Re<i Bluff. Portland "7:43?
•7:30 * Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Sauta. Rosa •«»i»r>
¦B>3va The OTerUml Liinited— Ogden, Den.
w, Omaha. Chicago •StlSr
••iSva San Joe«, Liferiuore, .Stockton.
lone, Sacramento^ PUcrrtille,
Marjs»llle. Chico, lteil lituCr MilSr
•«i:SO» 'Milton, Oakdale.Sonora. Carters... "Jil.ir
•»:UO* llajwards. Nile* and Way Stations. Ml i I.la
•8:00 a Davis, Woodland. Knights Laading.
MarjSTille. Ornfillo. •7:I»P
•91004 Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden sad Em( *V:43a
*9:OVa Martinet, Tracy. Latiirop, Btocktoo.
ftleroedand Freaao M3:l3f
•Bioo* Port Cost*, k'teiuo. Mojave aud Las
Angelet •oi4»p
*IO:OOa Vallfjo. Martinex and Way Station* *6:13r
•11:W9a Nile*. Urnr-more, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford, VUalia,
PorterTille Mil»p
•IJtOiiii Hajwards. Nile* and Way Buttons. *3:45 P
tliOOr Bmcrain«mto Klter Steamers tH:Ullp
•EtiOOp Hajwarda,- Niles and Way SUtlom. »S:l.lp
•4iOt>p Mm tine*. H»n lUmuii. Vullsjo,
N *!>*, Callntnga. Haiita Rosa *Si 1 3 a
•tionr Bcnicia. Vaeafllle, ttacramento,
VVomllaiid. KnlwhU Landiuc.
M»ry»»ille. Orofille MO: ll*
MsSOp Nile*. Han .Inge and Stockton *7sl3p
•3:«OrThe Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakersdeld. Han«ua for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Aneele* I •l»:15»
•StSOp Stockton, Merceil, rreauo M«:lsp
*3iUttp rresiio.iltakmUelil. BauU flarbara,
v- I.on Angeles, Demlnff. Xl ruo,
New Orlmnsaud Kaat ¦Sil.la
*3ia*r HauU l'« Uoiite— Atlautla EiDress
for Mc.jafe »n<l r.ait 'fliOr
•«iOl>p Haywarila, Nile* and dan Joie *?: !••» a
f«i3ffr Valle)<> M'iil.Tp
•o.3i»r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago , *9:13 a
•«:80p OrieuUl Mali— Ogden. Denter.
Omaha, Chlooco. M:l3f
t7i««p Vallejo, Port C'osto «od Way Bto-
Uoua. !»:33p
•Bt«3p Oregon and CalUnrnia> Kxpreaa.Hac-
raiiienti>, Marytfllle, HeiMlug,
Portlaixt, Pngft Hlllll.ll ami Kant *»;134
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
MISCnLLVNISOrs— FOR SALE
BAXLBOAS TBAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1900.
PROPOSALS.
MRS DR L BURGEP. late matron of Ger-
man Hospital, N. V.. specialist fcr bladder,
kidney, tkln diseases and cancer, offlce IM
¦ Fourth 6t. A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold, San
Matec Orphan Asylum, cays: I had cancer on
ny left leg I was treated by Mrs. Burger.
IC6 Fourth St.. and certify that I was cured
ir. a short time. ''Wm. Osterhold. San Mateo.
DR PARKER treats all nervous, chronic,
throat and catarrhal diseases. 1027 Market st.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bough.;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st.
MINNA, 731— Nice sunny front room; rent rea-
sonable. -
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, April 16, 1900— At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after April IS, 1900.
LOUIS WEINMANN, Secretary.
A C S. B "";. JIC: « r< v s . s »*nu. S2 75. MUflt
no.-E.ns iarSors. 43. Montgomery tt.
chu.er}. Mclntosh & Wok-man. 195 Fremont.
MISSION,' 837 A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished; rent reasonable. FLICK, Prop.
NATOMA, 553H— Nice front room; furnished; $3
per month.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 78 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company, will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
• Friday, April 20. 1900. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 13, 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ORLANDO House. 989 Howard, cor. Sixth-
Sunny rooms; prices to suit; open night.
Et'ITS on easy installments from imported or
domestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co..
ES2 Kearny St.. between Sacramento and Cali-
fornia.
POST, 418, near Powell— Sunny furnished
rooms, with bath; suite or single.
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing;
suits made to order; fit tuar. 2 Eighth st.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
Q. D. MORSE, photographer. KM Pacific aye
between fierce and Scott: phone Steiner 3391
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. JSIS Linden St.. Oakland.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
May 1, 1900, and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy-Yard,
Mare Island. Cal.. a quantity of pig Iron,
coal, lumber, rivet rod, steel plates, pipe fit-
tings and machine tools; blank proposals will
be furnished upon application to the Bureau
or to the Navy Pay Offlce, San Francisco. Cal.
A. S. KENNY. Paymaster General, U. B. N.
4-2 00.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly ob-
tained by using Talcott's Curling fluid. 25
cents bottle.
SA _r E . S - new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
vl ALT 7. SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fra".
ONE 4-t=ided sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
r~<x>: or>r.oert record*. 12 LO. BACKSALUPI.
t>3l Market st.. San Francisco.
ROSEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis st.-rßooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $125 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35<J to $1 60; week, $2
- to $S: month, $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1514. bet. Hyde and Larkln—
Large sunny front room elegantly furnished;
modern; appreciated if seen.
PROPOSALS for Drayage— General Depot of
the Quartermaster's Department. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., April 16, 1900.— Sealed proposals,
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies In and about the city, of San Francisco,
Cal for the fiscal year commencing July 1,
19C0 will be received at this office until 11
o'clock a. m., "on Thursday, the 17th day of
May 1900, and then opened. The Government
reserves the right to reject any or all pro-
posals. All necessary Information will ba
furnished on application to this office. OS-
CAR F. LONG, Assistant Quartermaster, U.
S Army, Depot Quartermaster.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
WITTRAMi PROPELLER CO.. 226 Market St..
San Francisco — Notice. — There is delinquent
upon the following described stock, oh account
of assessment levied on the 9th day of March,
1900, the several amounts set opposite the
names cf the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. No.
Name — Certificate. Shares. Amount,
jjohn D. Spreckels.. 1 33.313 1-3 $999 40
*Chas. A. Hug 7 20 SO
And In accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March, 1500, co many shares of each parcel of
such as may be necessary will be sold at tha
office of the company, 226 Market street, San
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April, ISOO, at 3
p. m. of such day, to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising and expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.. 226 Market st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
17543 a B»nU Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Staiiun* JS:O3 r
•81 15* Newark. « VH, Miil-.Mau . l. h«. I -'(?:..
Itoulder C'nek,Baii ta Cm* and W ay
HUtiolis •«:«»?
tail Sr Newark Centerville, San Joie, New
AlmtJeu, Felton. It-niMrr Creek,
Saota Cruz and Principal Way
Bt*M.ms t'*!'"*"*
Mi I Sr Newark. .s»» Jnae, I.os Gatoa *S*aa>a
a4:l3r Glenwood. Felton, Pant* Cru2 «H:.^Wa
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A^?n!iT^Ct!Ai=irfa^n7^^
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table; prices moderate; 2 car lines pass uotel;
elevator; telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
St.; corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
CUSTOM Housa, San Francisco, Cal., April 3,
1900— Notice — Certain goods remaining " ons
year in bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Ap-
praiser's store on the 25th of April, 1900. at 11
o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues can be
had at the Custom House on April 19, 1900,
or at the time and plac« of sals. J. P. JACK-
SON. Collector. . • .
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tt»* Sil rUSCISCfI-Fjut tl Market Strut (Sli» B>—
•7:15 DOO 11:00*. Jl. |I:C3 *2:53 13:53
•i:C3 * t3:C3 •B:Q3r.M.
fromOilUn-'aol .'Smi.if — -rf.o3 8:00 lOOOi.m.
112:03 "1:03 12:03 ;3:C3; 3:C3 U:C3 "j.ZZr.H.
BELQRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable.
MONEY loaned; unsecured note of any man of
pood character. Plfuutt & Co.. Phoenix. Ariz.
TO salaried i^orie; without s&rurity: all buai-
ners confidential. Tousley Co.. S2l Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3"^;
no removal; no commission. C Eddy st.. r. fcl.
PRIVATE home In Ross Valley can accommo-
date a few gentlemen boarders; terms rea-
sonable; references. Address box 4679, Call.
POST, 739, nr. Leavenworth— High-class family
hotel; sunny rooms, with private bath; fine
lawn; French chef; best table in city; ret.
AtTSTnCS Palary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
tr.jr— Men can secure loans on personal note.
CAFH loaned to salaried people on note without
tndr,n-t-r. MORRELL. CO? Examiner building.
f:0 TO 156.000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d marts**:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 41S Montgomery.
MONEY WANTED.
fZMfi LOAN at S per cent; 60 acres improved
ranch: nice hnusw; fruit. Box 3495, Call.
Ml Mi AL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every grade, from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as uur Installment pay-
ment* are easier than those of othor dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash, {6 per
month: other pianos $3. « and $5 per month.
PHERMAN. CLAT * CO.. Steinway Dealers.
cur K«-J»rsy and Sutter sts.. Ran Francisco;
cor Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
Leav» 1 In Effect. I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 13,- 1900.) Ban Francisco.
Week I Sun- I { Sun- I Week
Days, f days, f Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 «m 8:00 ra Novato. 10:40 am[ S:4O am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:03 pm!10:25 am
s:l} pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
ALTA PL'NTA Tract. San Pablo aye., 3 miles
n<~rth of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad-
Valley land by the acre. $130 to $200. Call for
rr.e;>E. etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. at
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm S:CO am Cl-iverdale. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
J. W. HORN, Sl2 Main St.. Petaluma: real ei-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
fcr free list of Sonoma County bargains.
7:30 am I Hopland I IKVr. am
3:30 pm 8:00 ami and Ukiah. I 7:35 pm! 6:20 rm
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6520.
OWNER of property will exchange Alameda
residence for city residence or good lot. L..
hox S4T-4. Call office.
7:30 ami 110:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pmi
»:30 pm| 1 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am! Sonoma ] 9:15 am| S:4» am
and
5:10 pmf 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen, i 6:05 pmf S:2O pm
WE know that we give the l>est goods for the
leaft money; call on us and fee our Decker,
Packard or Boolhe pU.nc«. MAUVAIS. 78S
Market it.
WE have Just what you want in the way of a
piano: price? and terms to euit. MAUVAIS,
',d Market rt.
7:30 am! 8:C0 ami 111:40 axntl&S am
3:3f» pm! S:CO pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:33 pm| 8:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Ro<>a for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for SkagC3 Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at HoDland for Duncan
Sprlnsr*. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad PprinK3. Sicla Pay. Lafceport and Bartlett
Springs: at Wiah for Vtchy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. I'pper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Buckaell'a.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr** Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Vsal. Willits. LaytonviUe. Cummlnn.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olaen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to- all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket n'fle-*. fioO Market St.. Chronicle b^dsr.
H. C. WHITTXG. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
MINNA. 707. cor. Eighth— Front bay-window
rroin, closet, all complete for housekeeping;
OON'T buy: rtnt a new piano. S3 i per month.
SrOTT-CT'RTAZ PIANO CO.. £60 Hayei at.
MINNA, 4J4— Large sunny furnished room.
with stove; 1 person $5.
W G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Franctrßaccn and Haliett A- Davis plants.
MISSION. 2033. near Sixteenth— J or 3 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; yard.
C<>O!> nprtctit Piano; nearly new; cheap.
BOBinJNCrfl. 21« McAllister st.
ALAMBDA IIH.VL ESTATE.
$«00— FORECLOSURE: modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny side of street; 3 blocks from
citation and school; terms $100 cash, $10 per
month.
$1900— New modern cottage; E rooms and
bath: street work, cement walks, etc., com-
plete; near station and school; $100 cash, $20
per month.
$16£0 cash — To close an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner in Alameda; see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3000;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot; this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
BARGAINS ON TERMS. -
B, 6 and 7 room cottages; 7, 8 and* room
houses; waterfront property; lot 66x195, on
Central aye., near Fifth' st.; double IV4-story
house; rents for $24; price $22. Apply to A.
R. DENKE. Webster-st. station.
OrFICKS AAD STORES — TO LET.
ALAMEDA . HOUSES.
TO let— House of « rooms, bath, pantries, large
garden, chicken yard, large stable; low rent.
Call on premises, 1622 Broadway, near broad-
' gauge station, or R. G. WILKE, 906 Market
St., San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
AT t76 cash. $10 monthly till paid for— Cottage
of 3 rooms.' hard finished; good well of water;
Z fine lotH, all fenced; near 3 electric car
lines; fine schoolhouse and 90-foot boulevard;
soil, view and climate the very best; no fogs
nor cold winds; a few fine lots, $100 each, $5
cash, |5 monthly: AHendale Tract, adjolnnlg
East Oakland; price, all told. }6SO; call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh St.. Oakland.
H. Z. JONES, owner. -
OAKLAND Heights— Fine new modern colonial
house of 8 rooms; Just finished; everything up
to date; built by day's labor; will be sold for
cash or on easy payments at 25 per cent lews
than lot and house could be duplicated for;
see this If you want a home. VAMES S.
NAISMITH. 412 Ninth st.
GET your own home at a bargain.
For sale — Houses and lots, to suit,, by the
Cosmopolitan Building Association; small pay-
ment required; easy terms. E. K. WATER-
MAN. 1107 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland;
T'nion Hntel block.
LSATB
ARRIVI
11GREAT SALE 0F...
ENTIRE STOCK OF
HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
COMPRISING
STEINWAY HAINES BROS.
CHICKERING BALDWIN
WEBER ELLINGTON
BUSH & GERTZ HAMILTON
Many are brand new, just in
from the factories. Purchased
by us for spot cash at our
own price and offered at GRfAT
SACRIFICE.
550.00 UPWARDS
Byron- Maozy-KL*
308-310-312 POST ST.
flqancv of Sohmer and Byron Mauzy
Pianos.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
has been forced to take the construction
of the tunnel leading Into Glen Park un
der the Southern Pacific track from the
contractors owing to the dilatory man
ner in which the work has been prose
cuted. Under the direction of Chief Fore
man T. B. Eagan of .the Market Street
Company the tunnel will be cut and the
rails laid by the Ist of May. in time to
accommodate the big travel promised on
the occasion of the Schoolteachers' An
nuity Fund picnic.
Census Marshals Appointed.
The Board of Education yesterday ap
pointed the following census marshals to
succeed others who had resigned or be
come disqualified: E. M. Dillon. C. W.
Luhn, Georee A. Orr, A. J. McDonald,
BURYING A FORGERY.
End of the Famous Old Yon Tiede
man Case in Judge Belcher's
Court.
The old Christy- Yon Tiedeman forgery
case was finally buried in Judge Belcher's
court yesterday by the issuing of an order
der quieting title to the property in the
Richmond district which was mentioned
in the forged deed.
The suit was brought by -Harriet P.
Christy against Horace George Pratt
Alonzo Thayer and the fictitious Harriet
P Christy, who were the ones who floated
the forged deed. She prayed that the
forged deed be set aside and that she be
declared the sole owner of the property
affected. , . .
Lee D. Craig, the notary before whom
the deed was sworn to. told the story of
how the woman representing herself to
be Harriet P. Christy came before him
and swore to the deed ;conveying the
property to Pratt and Thayer, and then
Mrs. Christy told of the after events by
which the forgery was discovered.
THE Police Commissioners met as a
pension board yesterday afternoon
1 and formally retired Captain of De
tectives Bohen, Detective Ray Silvey.
Sorprea-nts Shields and Lindheimer and
Policemen Daniel Coleman, Dan McNeil
ar.d John Morton. Physical disability wns
given as the cause of their retirement.
Captain John Seymour, who has been in
charge of the City Prison for some time,
will succeed Bohen. Seymour has been
connected with the department for a num
ber of years and is considered one of the
shrewdest detectives in the country. His
cleverness In fastening th * brutal mur-
Arra of Blanche Lament and Minnie Wil
liams on Theodore Durrant. who was
afterward hanged for his bloody work,
won for h'm the plaudits of not only the
Police Commissioners but the community
at large. It wa.« also through his efforts
that Becker, Cretan and Deane. three of
•tho most sucressful forgers that ever op
t -xted in this city, w^re brought to Jus
dce After securing J22.00) from the Ne
vi<"a Hank on a forged check the clover
trio w<>nt East, but were pursued by Sey
mour and linally captured. Becker, who
w.-'s known as the kine of forgers, and
crwean are now serving terms In tiie
penitentiary for th«» bold crime. Deane
turned Statp's evidence and was given
his libortv Seymour was also responsible
f.»r th*» conviction of Mrs. Botkin for the
miirdpr of Mrs. Dunning, and Albert Hoff.
who foully killed Mrs. Clute in her home
on Guerrero street. They both received
m<> sentences for their rripes, He also
ran down and captured \\ . K. MeUiUe,
th<> defaulting bank cashier.
The npw captain of detectives was ap
pointed a member of the force in May.
i«M and on account of h'.s strict atten
tion to duty he was shortly afterward
P'omotfd to the rank of corporal. Recog
nlz'ng his ability. ex-Chief Crowley ap
pointed him a detective a few years later.
VALLEY ROAD
WANTS RIGHT
TO ENTER CITY
Its Petition for a Franchise
Is on File at the
City Hall.
»
Supervisors Are Asked to Grant Per
mission for the Operation of a
Steam Road on Illinois
. Street.
•
The San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railway Company yesterday filed a
petition for a franchise to enter the city,
a privilege such as Is now enjoyed by the
Southern Pacific Company.
The petition asks that the corporation
be granted "the right and privilege of
constructing, maintaining and operating a
steam railroad of standard gauge and the
necessary sidetracks, switches, curves,
etc., therefor, for the carrying of passen
gers and freight thereon and thereover
for hire, upon that certain street in the
city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, as follows: Upon Illinois
street from the north line of Fourth street
to the north line of First avenue South
for a double track, the center lines of
tracks to be thirteen feet apart, placed
equal distances each Bide of the center
line of the street."
The petitioner alleges that It forms a
part of a transcontinental system of rail
roads and that it has more than fifty
miles of railroad actually constructed and
in operation. A franchise is asked for the
term of fifty years from the 26th day of
February, 1895.
When asked concerning the application
for a franchise Chief Engineer Storey of
the Valley road said: "Five years ago we
petitioned the Supervisors for a franchise
to run our tracks over Illinois street, from
Fourth street to the city limits. As we
were in no hurry about the matter, but
wished merely to declare our future in
tention, we permitted the petition to be
pigeon-holed. Now we are ready to take
the matter up.
"It is at present intended to run a spur
track south of the China basin to Butch
ertown, so as to tap not only that dis
trict, but the Union Iron Works, the sugar
refinery and many other important manu
factories in that vicinity. Later on, if it s
decided to extend the line southward, this
spur will become part of our main line.
We do not anticipate any trouble In secur
ing the franchise, as there is very little
public improvement along the line al
ready surveyed— it is nearly all mud flat.
Rushing the Tunnel Through.
The Market Street Railway Company
Fuccwwful business houses take advantage of
printing facilities of Mvseil-noUins. 22 Clay. •
THE yacht Rover, just from a voy
age to the South Seas, will be re
leased from quarantine to-day. Her
owner, Barnett Fithian, his pretty
wife and their guest, George Loughbor
ough, were allowed to come ashore yester
day. All agree that there was no ground
for scandal In the return of Miss Kate
Clement of Oakland, who came back sev
eral months ago. Seasickness and the de
pression following the South Sea climate
are responsible for the dissolution of so
cial partnership, according to the return
ing navigators, and so far as the gossips
are concerned that will have to end it.
j The Rover was formerly the schooner
Baranoff. She was purchased by Mr.
Fithian, a Santa Barbara capitalist, and
renamed the Rover. .Last August, with a
crew of eight men and , a sailing master,
his wife, George Loughborough and Miss
Clement, Mr, Fithian set sail for. a pleas
ure cruise to the South Sea islands. Since
the departure | many, stories, more or, less
sensational, purporting to have come from
the party, have been .published. Miss
Clement's unexpected return furnished
food for gossip, but she steadfastly j re
fused to tell why she had left the Rover.
Later came a yarn that the owner.of the
boat, in a state of unubual exuberance,
had driven the sailing i master overboard
at the point of a pistol, and that the navi
gating officer sought refuge from the-bul
lets of. his master's gun under the keel of
the gallant craft. In quarantine yester-
A Nice
Tailor-Made
Suit for. $15.50.
Dressy Suits $25
Pants M..-O
Fit guaranteed perfect
Money returned if dis-
satisfied.
JOE POHEIM,
The Tailor, .
1110-1113 Market st.
101-203 Montgomery «t.
Gay Yacht' 'Rover," Her Gallant Owner and His Pretty VVffe, Who Voyaged to the South Seas. |
day the captain laughed at the story, and
as the best evidence that there was noth
ing in it said that he was still in command
and as contented as could be.
•- Mr. and Mrs. Fithian and Mr. Lough
borough secured apartments at the Palace
as soon as they were landed. All ex
pressed extreme surprise that there had
been so much newspaper talk over their
cruise, and particularly that there .had
been any suspicion of scandal connected
with the. homecoming of Miss Clement.
"Why," said Mr. Fithian. "we had a
delightful "time, marred only by the loss of
Miss ' Clement's charming society. She
was seasick nearly all the time on the
outward voyage. The heat of the tropics
Increased her Illness, so that she was mis
erable all the time. She did not want to
spoil our trip, so she insisted on returning
home from Tahiti on the mail packet. It
YELLOW JOURNALISM
ROUNDLY DENOUNCED
Manufacturers and Producers Deplore
Injury Done by Recent Fake
Plague Reports.
- The manner In which the yellow journal
of this city "boomed" the recent plague
fake in the interests of the local Board
of Health has excited the disgust of the
members of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association to the extent that this
usually conservative body has come out
denouncing the sensation in plain lan
guage The manufacturing interests were
badiy injured by the groundless allegation
that the city was infected, and the sensa
tional journal is called up with a round
turn in the following language:
Whereas, The board of directors of the Man
ufacturers' and Producers' Association or Cali
fornia having read certain exaggerated reports
concerning the supposed existence of the con
tasloua disease in San Francisco, and being
deslrlous of formulating some expression In re
pard thereto from the standpoint of the manu
facturers and producers of thla city and State;
Wherea*. It Is now apparent that San Fran
cisco is absolutery free from Infectious dis
eases and the general health of the- community
is fully -up to Us normal standard; therefore
Resolved. That we deeply deplore the sensa
tional statements recently published retarding
WEEK DAY EXCURSION TO
THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
Saturday, May 5, Stopping at All the
Noted Camping Resorts.
SPLENDID TRAINS OF FIRST
CLASS COACHES.
A Very "Low Bate for the Bound Trip.
Following the custom Inaugurated many
years ago, the Southern Pacific Company
announce, that they will during the com
ing season run a number of first-class
personally conducted excursion trains to
the various resort places located on Its
lines. ¦
The first of these excursions will be to
the Santa Cruz Mountains and which will
take place on Saturday, May 5, scheduled
so as to make stops at all of the noted
camping resorts in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains on the line of the narrow-gauge
road.
In this connection we are given to un
derstand that a number of new and
charming camping retreats have been
added to the list of those already known
to the public and which will be visited
and duly inspected.
Mr. Wm. H. Menton. excursion passen
ger agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, will be In charge of this excursion
and, as heretofore, will give his personal
attention to the comfort and pleasure of
the excursionists.
For the information of those who may
desire to take advantage of this oppor
tunity to visit the Santa Cruz Mountain
region it should.be understood that stops
will be * made at Alma, Wrights, Laurel,
Glenwood, Kccles,- Campus, Felton, Ben
Lomond. Rowardennan. Clear Creek and
Boulder Creek. Excursionists desiring to
spend their time at any one tjf the above
mentioned points can do so and take ex
cursion train, which will stop for them on
return trip.
Special round-trip tickets will be sold
at the very low rate of $1 25.
Excursionists will leave San Francisco
by the 7:45 a, m. boat; from the narrow
gauge ferry landing. Fourteenth and
Franklin streets, Oakland, at 7:45 a. m.,
and from Alameda. Park street, at 8:20
a. m.. returning arriving at San Francisco
at 8:05 p. in.
Tickets will be on sale at the Grand
Hotel ticket office. Cl 3 Market street. May
1, 2, 3 and 4. and at ferry landing on the
morning of the excursion. They can also
be procured at Fourteenth and Franklin
and Seventh and Webster streets, Oak
land, and at Park street station, Alameda,
on the dates above named.
Welburn's Informer Jailed.
W. E. Davis, the colored man who came
Into notoriety by Informing the Federal
authorities that O. M. Welburn. the de
faulting Internal Revenue Collector, was
in the army, and which information led
to his arrest, was sentenced to six months
in the County Jail by Judge Conlan yes
terday on the charge of petty larceny. He
stole a buggy rob** from 11. M. Jaudin. SU
Montgomery street, and pawned It.
ROSA REAVES DYING.
Her Attempt at Self-Destruction
Likely to Prove Successful.
Rosa Reaves, the young woman who
took poison in Golden Gate Park rather
than lead a life of shame, is dying In the
Receiving Hospital. Last night her con
dition became alarming, and at her re
quest a priest was sent for, who adminis
tered, the last sacramonts of the Catholic
church to her. At first it was believed
that the woman would recover.
Police Surgeon Bunnell personally at
tended to hor, and he was almost satisfied
that she would be able to leave the hos
pital in a few days. The woman was
found In the park last Thursday night af
ter she had taken portions of two bottles
containing carbolic acid and lysol.
Her scrrams attracted the attention of
a policeman, who after considerable
trouble located her and had her removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where she has
since lain. She seems desirous to die and
anxiously awaits the moment she breathes
her last.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose -will stop
* cowth. Never falls. Try It. AH druggists. •
OWNER OF "ROVER" SAYS
THERE WAS NO SCANDAL
Death of Abraham Morris.
Abraham Morris, a pioneer drygr>od3
merchant, died at his residence, 907 ElM
street, on Sunday afternoon. The funeral
will take place to-morrow morning. Mr.
Morris was a native ot Prussia, and cama
to this city in ISSI. He made a fortune in
the drygoods business, after which he re
tired. Deceased was 70 years of age. He
left a widow and nine children, who are:
Mrs. Belle HeJman. Mrs. Joseph Heiman.
Mrs. Isidor Franklin. Mrs. William Oster
rnan and Blanche. Samuel, Harry. Clar
ence and Edwin Morris.
STOPPED WORK
WHEN SALARIES
WERE REDUCED
Spring Valley Employes at
Niles Go Out on a
Strike.
The Extensive Plant of the Company
Carefully Guarded for Fear That
the Ex-Employes May
Do Violence.
•
Nearly every employe of the Spring
Valley Water Company in Niles Canyon
Btruck yesterday, and of the eighty-five
men who were at work last week scarce
ly twenty-five remained. The cause of
the strike was a reduction of the wages
of the men from $1 40 a day to $1 25, and
the men refused to accept the cut.
As a result all of the work that is now
bring done by the water company in the
Niles Canyon has come practically to a
standstill, though Superintendent May
hew says that he will be running full
force within the next twenty-four hours.
There have been no demonstrations on
the part of the strikers toward the works
of the company, but the company is
watching its exposed property pretty
closely as a matter of precaution.
The summer run of work began a week
ago. When the rainy weather began ana
the water In Alameda- Creek became high
all of the men employed were laid off ana
work stopped until a week ago. At that
time it was resumed with a force or
«Sghty-five men.
Nothing was said about wages on either
side. The men, most of whom had been
in the employ of the company before, as
sumed that "the scale of wages would" be
the same as last year. This gave all men
employed in concrete work $1 40 a day and
"board, which was considered as being
equal to $1 S5 a day.
When time was made up Saturday
night and the men were paid off the con
crete-workers found that they had been
treated the same as the regular hands
and were paid $1 23 a day.
This was more than the concrete-work
ers would submit to and they demanded
from Superintendent May hew that the
old rate be restored. The superintendent
agreed to submit the matter to the gen
eral office of the Spring Valley Water
Company .and there the matter hung
through Sunday. The men declined to
wait longer than yesterday morning, and
wh«-n no word was received a large por
lion of them quit.
Estimates as to the number which quit
to not agree. Superintendent Mayhew
says that not more than thirty left, but
'he men say that not more than twenty
tive remain out of a total force ot eighty
five, and that work Is almost entirely
lupponded.
"The wages of the men were reduced
under orders from the general office."
raid Superintendent Mayhew last night,
"and this was because of the condiiton
pf the labor market. Plenty of men can
lie secured even at $1 a day. and .It was
decided that a single rate of $1 25 should
prevail. Some of the men knew this, and
they made complaint Saturday. We will
put on more men at once and will be in
working order In a day or two."
The company patrolled Its works with a
Tew men last "night and have taken steps
\n rule the strikers off their premises to
fiay. ___
Chief Examiner A. R. Serven Coming
J. R. Freud, president of the Civil Ser
vice Commission, has r received a lettor
from A. R. Serven, chief examiner of the
Federal Civil Service Commission, dated
at Washington on the sth inst., in which
he says:
I leave to-day on a trip In connection with
the Mint and Assay Service of the United
States, and stall make official visits in th.s
connection at Philadelphia. New York. llel?n.v
and Seattle before reaching San Francisco. I
hope tr> reach San Francisco about the 21st of
April, If nothing unforeseen occurs. I dkall he
very glad. Indeed, to discuss civil service mat
ters in general with your commission, and I
am surf I shall set much benefit from such
a discussion. • • •
Won One Fee.
Judgment for JlOOO has been allowed T.
A Keogh from W. A. Megginson and.Law
rence Megginson. Plaintiff was the as
signee of Reddy, Campbell & Metson, who
performed legal services for the Meggln
sons.
Dr. Pescia Laid to Rest.
The funeral of the late Dr. Joseph Pes
cia took place yesterday morning and the
remains were interred in Holy Cross Cem
etery. The services were held in St. Ig
natius Church. A requiem low mass was
said by Father Rafael M. Tiperni of the
Italian Church of Sts. Peter and Paul.
Music was furnished by the choir of St.
Ignatius. The sacred edifice was filled
with friends of the deceased, the entire
Italian colony being present to pay its
last respects to the dead.
¦When that tired fe»llng comes along, side-
track It with Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
is too bad that her homecoming made
such a stir."
Mr. Fithian repeatedly denied that there
had been any trouble on the yacht that
led to the return of Miss Clement. He
declared that their relations had always
been most pleasant and that there was no
trouble whatever between her and the
other members of the party.
"I Imagine." continued Mr. Fithian.
"that the fact that we were so far away
from home, in such a mysterious part of
the world, with little or no chance of
communicating with our friends, led to the
spinning of many a yarn and the weaving
of many a romance at our expense. It is
all very ridiculous. They have spoken of
me as a 'millionaire,' and from the yams
told of the amount of wine and liquor
consumed on our little vessel one would
imagine that we had a cargo of the stuff.
The story of my rescuing the cook from
an enormous shark was a pure romance,
as was also the yarn about my chasing
Captain Zachery over the side at the
point of a revolver. There is not a line
of truth in any of these stories. Our voy
age was quiet and interesting, and at all
"Captain Zachery and I did have a mis
understanding, which caused him to leave
the yacht at the Island of Tao-o-nat. in
the Marquesas, where we made our tlrst
stop. He afterward took passage on the
brig Galilee and followed us to Tahiti.
There we had a talk, settled our troubles
and he again took command. Captain
Zachery proved himself an able navigator
and interesting companion. I think very
h Of the cruise itself and the adventures
with which the party met Mr.. Fithian
talked freely. He regretted that his jour
nal and the many photographs hi* wife
had taken were held in quarantine aboard
the Rover, but gave a general account of
lh "When S we left Santa Barbara last Au
gust." he said, "we little imagined the
pleasures in store for us. The cruise was
like a dream. To wander about among
those beautiful tropical islands without a
care is the most charming life imagina
ble. It was with regret that we nnall>
turned our faces homeward. Everything
we saw was delightfully new and inter
esting. The light of each succeeding day
° I^Sln < cc 1 we ie icft' Santa Barbara we have
cruised over 12.000 miles, and have vis. Ed
fourteen tropical Islands, some of _»Wch
have rarely if ever before been trodden
by the feet of white men. Our first ob
jective point was the Marquesas and we
spent a few days pleasantly on the isiand
of Tao-o-hai. Then we went to Tab 1.
which is an ideal spot, even in the South
Seas I dare not commence a detailed
narrative of our lourneyings. nor of the
many strange sights we saw. It would
fil "The°iminhabited island of Topai wns
one of the most interesting spots we visit
ed. It is an atoll, covered with a perfect
mat of tropical verdure, and the home of
mflllons of water fowl and tropical birds.
This island must not be confounded with
tho group known as Tobai. Captain Zach
erv Mr Loughborough and I spent one
night on Topai. The birds were so tame
that they tried to alight on us and would
not get out of our way when we walked
"At Apia. In the latter part of January,
we weathered a terrific hurricane in the
harbor A German man-of-war had to go
outside to get sea room. On the way up
from Honolulu we got into a big gale and
outrode it without any damage.
"After leaving Samoa we visited Hnno
Island, about 200 miles distant, where the
hurricane seems to have centered. We
found the natives in a bad Plteht. Sev
eral hundred huts, had been blown down
and many people were more or less in
lured The entire cocoanut crop had been
destroyed. A white trader who was pre
paring to leave the Island told us that it
would take several years for the trees to
grow so that another crop could be gath
"We had another narrow escape at
Raltea. in the Society group, when we
came near driving on a dangerous reef
when sailing out of the harbor."
the discovery of a single case of contagious dia
ease in San Francisco, and be It further
Resolved, That we respectfully an<l earnestly
request the press to consider fully the general
interests of this community when presenting re
ports to the public, and not tr> permit state
ments to be Influenced by personal or party biaj
or to be exaggerated to the detriment of our
city.
Joint co-operation of the press with the citi
zens in upbuilding the city will be as fully
appreciated as Injury to the fair fame of San
Francisco is deDrecated by all good citizens;
and he It further
Resolved. That copies hereof be forwarded to
Pleads for Mercy.
J. Kenneth Duncan, the degenerate
preacher who pleaded guilty to threo
charges of petty larceny in Judge Con
lan's court Friday, sent a letter to the
Judge yesterday morning begging for
mercy and asking that sentence on him
be postponed till to-day. The Judge grant
ed his request. Charles Montgomery is
again interceding for Duncan and called
upon the Judge yesterday. Three years
ago, when Duncan was arrested for steal
ing $S5 from John Axtell, a restaurant
keeper on Sixth street, who befriended
him, Montgomery successfully interceded
for him and got him sent to the Agnews
Insane Asylum, and as soon as he got
out he stole a bicycle in San Jose and
pawned it for $2 50 for liquor.
D. 1... Pringle, A. B. Lawson and John
Carew. • ¦
HE WAS ROBBED BY
A PRETENDED FRIEND
W. L. Grant Accepts an Invitation
That Leads to an Unexpected
Denouement.
Thomas Ridge, a boy 19 years of age,
appeared in Judge Mogan"s court yester
day on a charge of robbery and the case
was continued till to-morrow. Early yes
terdar morning Ridge met W. L.. Grant,
65tVi Minna strYet, and invited him to go
to his room. in the Revere House, Mission
street, near Third. When they got there
Ridge locked the door and three men who
were in the room grabbed hold of Grant
and held him till Ridge went through his
pockets and . relieved him of his gold
watch and chain and $30 GO.
As soon as Grant got outside he hunted
up Policemen Butler and Morrlssey and
notified them of the robbery. They found
Ridge about two hours later in a saloon
on Sixth and Minna streets and arrested
him. One of the other three men was
with him, but ho escaped. When searched
Grant's gold watch and chain were found
in the thief's pocket.
CAPTAIN JOHN F. SEYMOUR.
1 Sine© then Seymour has been engaged on
the most important cases in the history
of the Police Department. His promotion
as chief of detectives will be formally
announced at the meeting of the Police
Commissioners to-night.
Detective Silvey, retired, has been In
the service for twenty-six years. He has
many notable captures to his credit.
among, them being the arrest of Sidney
Bell, murderer and all-round crook; Stage
Robber Sharp: Hedgepeth. notorious train
I robber, and Root and Shack, burglars.
! The latter were captured by Silvey and
! ex-Detective Cox after they had commit
! ted over thirty-two 'burglaries in one
> month. When taken into .custody the pair
1 had over $14,000 in their possession, which
I was the proceeds of their numerous
crimes.
Silvey prior to being disabled was con
sidered one of the ablest men in the de
' partment. He knew every pickpocket and
jit Is said of him that he landed more
I "dips" in the penitentiary than any other
i officer. His successor will be Tom Ryan,
the clever detective of the Southern sta
tion.
Ryan has been on the force for eleven
years and is rc-gardcd as one of the
I shrewdest detectives in the country. In
I conjunction with Kdward O'Dea. who is
' also slatod for promotion, Ryan has made
! a number of important arrests. His record
• of arrests and property recovered far cx
i oeeds that of any other member of the
! department. His* recent capture of Col
. lins. the Seattle bank robber, and Bergen,
1 who had been systematically stealing
I gold from the Mint, convinced Chief of
I Police Sullivan that he was worthy of
promotion.
Ryan was warmly congratulated by
Captain Spillane and the officers of the
Southern station when his promotion was
J announced. It is expected that at the
meeting of the Commissioners to-night
Chief Sullivan will submit a list of the
I men who in his Judgment are Incapable
jof doing police duty. This will be par
1 ticularly aimed at the upper office.
JOHN RUSSELL,, proprietor of the
Russell Cream Company Works at
Point Reyes, fell dead at five min
utes before noon at the
Southern Pacific Company's ferry landing
at the foot of Market street. He was ap
proaching the gate to take the boat for
Alameda, when- he suddenly collapsed.
The Harbor Receiving Hospital ambu
lance was summoned, and when It reached
the hospital Mr. Russell was dead.
He resided with his wife and family
at 1558 .Pacific avenue, Alameda. One son,
Frederick Russell, is In the dry goods
business in Stockton, and another son is
in charg-e of the creamery and cream
canning factory at Point Reyes.
Mr. Russell was formerly engaged in
business in Seattle and San Diego. In the
latter named town he dealt In hardware.
He came to this part of the State about
six years ago to engage in the creamery
business.
THE LATE JOHN RUSSELL
~ *--v Hales.
Hale'a. L-^^~-^-~~~--~ ~^— ~~^
I summer necessaries or seaside accessories ? ||
I With the passing of Easter one's thoughts turn ||J
I to spring and summer necessaries, and possibly p|
, I camping, vacation or Eastern and Paris Exposition \ : ,
] wants. This is a many-sided store; whatever your *.; J
! mood we can satisfy it; whatever wants you wish ffi
I filled we have the stock to meet them; guaranteed 0
|j goods at a fair price. As an index to our stock we |||
camnlfl We have snapped up a sample lot of belts from an M
JKUIIJJIB Eastern manufacturer. As is quite natural, we bought ||
¦line Of them far below regular value; in fact, we offer them ||
beltS a * ab° ut half-price — p
J10« ij4-inch black seal leather belt, worth 90c, offered |«
4uCi at , 43c p
I ij^-inch white kid, lined and stitched, worth $1.00. pi*
offered at 4^c gjjj
i^-inch real Morocco, in tans and browns, worth pa
85c. offered at 4& ||
Sj i^-inch white washable celluloid belts, worth 85c, j^a
offered at..' 4sc
Odd belts, in purple, red, green, in real Morocco ||
leather, worth in most cases $1.00, offered at.4Bc Sil
ffflrrlon So feet of M-» n cn 5-ply garden hose, with coupling, IA
? complete *4— o |-|
lluSßi 25 feet of S-ply hose, with couplings $2.25 pi
trunlrc 46 different sizes and makes; here is one, to give tl|
UUllrtoi • , f 1 Esa
i you an idea of our values — wa
A tin-covered flat top, slat-protected, metal-cornered. ! *
j metal-edged trunk, 32. inches long, .with two L
trays, strong and serviceable, good lock $8.25 h
for thB 5 yards OI whaleDOne casin S» in P ink » blue ' &ray» rec1 ' f^
J white, yellow and black, for 5c ||
I3GB 1 dozen 8 and 9 inch horn bones, in bunches of a Eh
i and the dozen (exceptional value) ....4c |j|
\ . fj ff i|rp Stockinette dress shields, sizes 3 and 4(a few pairs jj~j
; IlgUlCi imperfect), regularly 10c, offered at 5c pair j&
! Elegant black Swiss 22-inch taffeta silk, worth 95c, f-]j
\ per yard 75c ||.
i Hudnut's almond meal, for tan and sunburn, keeps ||
the pores open, and far better for the complexion j£
than soap 25c |2
•| Hudnut's cucumber cream, a skin food, builds up tis- F|
sues of the face (we will send you a book, "All g.'A
About the Face," free for the asking) SOc |'|
BOHEN RETIRED AND
SEYMOUR SLATED
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1900.
JOHN RUSSELL DIES
AT THE FERRY GATE
12